 

t'all
(‘ll

tees
tril ;
ira-
.‘Ill:l
alld
were

the
'era
ilﬂ‘i.

llol

iii

 

 

 

 

 

)er COLLEGE suits, Noviniisniiit, 1'024

Qlﬁﬂﬂ VS- RObel'tS  Hike Successfel; Newman Club Active

Ler Roberts. football captain. alltl
well known senior. was charged with.
breach of promise liy ,Miss Bernice]
Quinn, '26, ill a civil action begun lhisl
week before judge Hiltcllisou in gov'l
el'lnnellt class court. Adrian Jolmsoni
has been retained by Miss.(3liilill as lit-ri
attorney and Roberts is defended by
Ilarry S. Godfrey. Roberts was.
charged willi tlle crime alld brought into.
court. Monday. Sensation-seeking crowds
have heell following line starting develv‘
npmettts of tile case this week. Tilt“i
prosecution has produced Vt: r interest-E
ing letters purporting to have ltt'clll
written by Roberts to Miss Quinn. Tlu"
case is rivaling ill interest the faulousi
criminal action against Miles l'lilltttih‘.
senior charged willi chicken stealing
which held front page attention last

 

year.
TAG RESULTS LARGE

Nineteen State college girls sold lilga
I'or tlle Salvation Army Saturday. No-
vember l. They ‘ollt-cted $l54.lll. \l’hil‘lh
with $50.10. raised ill college the day
bet-ore. liiakes a total ol $304.20 secured
for the Salvation Army, tllrolnzli the.
efforts of :3 The tag sellers Satur—
day were: IJol‘othy l)ietz. '23. tit-orgiA
alina Maar. '27. Rllth Maynard, '27,
(‘arolyu ('oleman. ‘26. Marilla \\"ehster.
‘20. Margaret Ilulciiins. ‘35. Agnes
\\’ebster. 'Zli. Ila/el Ileiljaniill. '36.
I'ftllel lhillois. '37. ICIla (base. '35.
I’lorence t'raddock, '25. Louise Ward.
'36. Mary Kent. 'J‘i'. (ii-'trtlde Swett-
nlann. '21. Iva llilitllall. Maruaret
Ilelljamill, "Jo. lost-phiue lxent. '35.
Marietta Hanna. '5. and
Johnson, '35.

 

 

 

 

li'ralnres

SILVER BAY CLUE MEETS

The Silver lIay t'luh held its tirst
meeting last we k at the ltelta tttiieea
house. Miss (iertrllde ()Ids gave all in—
l'ormal dissertation on the :\rt ot Teach:
illg ili Milne High. to all appreciative
audience. among whom were Miss I’dith
0. Wallace alul Miss Minnie Ii. Scot»
land. telore. during. and alter a short
business meeting. which con etl oi tlle
election of a president. Marjorie LivingA
ston. ’25. a secretary. Hazel lenjamin.
'26. and a reporter, Margaret Itelljanlin.
'26. snapshots \vere passed around. fol-
lowed by refreshments. Silver lily
memories. and college “talk.” \\'ith the
singing of the Prize "lloliocably Mell-
tioued." Silver Iiay song. and “Follow
the Gleam." tlle members exchanged
goodnights aild went their individual on
collective ways; all except tlle dwellersz
of the Pine I‘lills wlin "hesitated" at
Jig Maar's request.

 

WEEBER AND WHITE ENTER-i
AIN

A meeting of the Math. Club was held
'l‘hnrstlay afternoon, November 6. h’ltll“
iel \VL’ltl'l'. '35. and Father \\'liite. '15.‘
told very interesting bits concerning
great mathematicians. among which the‘
fact was revealed that Euclid was not‘
original in all his works. The subject
matter ill these talks was particularly
novel and well presented.

.(.lub's

CLUB BEST ON MARKET

  

the questionl ‘ settled it by}

building a snapping. Ct‘ilClClltlg pine wood}
tire out near the Country (Iltih ivllerei
the animal fall hike was held on Satllr-l
day. November ti. The start was matlei
roni College at about one-thirty. Al
happy. ieppy crowd, brisk walking, and1
a libera dose of zero weather, soon com-l
billed to develop appetites that needed hilt '
one invitation to seek out the bread lille..I
Regardless of the tradition. Newman?
' 'eshlnent cnmulittct- arrived‘
ill the nick of time. and iltth iate star—
vation was averted by bringing on the;
“  “lllack alld tan" relresllmellts.‘;
.1 ms. hot dogs a la carbon. doughnuts,i
and superb coffee witli a general tlavor—

  

 

 

ENCE

The regular meeting of Newman
Club. held Wednesday. November 5, at
ittltr o'clock, ill Room 211. was well at-
tended. Mary l,)ri5cotl. ’25. the presitlent
of the chill. gave a report of the Cornell
Conference, and presented matters of
special interest with regard to organiza—
tion and activities amont.r the Newman
chills of the state. The conference ill-

icluded representatives from the ltllaca‘
‘-, Cornell Ulliverr

Conservatory of Mn. L
sity, Columbia University. and the City
Lfillege of New York. After the busi-
pal't oi the regular meeting. Rev.

 

 

 

| ATTENDANCE cotltMl'rfrgﬂ:
l A student Who is absent, for. any

tDRISCOLL REPORTS CONFER— t cause whatever, from more than 25 per

Icent of the exercises tn atiy cotirscvin
tone semester. shall be tlebarrcd from the
'liual examination or semester examina—
j tion ill the course. In exceptional cases;
i however. the students may be again matte
I eligible to take the examination by favor-
lablc action of the Attendance Committee
iupon reenmmeiidatiml at the department
? in which the course is given, _ 

For 3 hour courses, 25 percent of the
exercises is 2. Mr lioltr courses.
meeting on Monday and Wednesday. it
is 8 altd for all other 2 hour courses. it
7.

is .
_ All statements coveringr absences must,
j ill the lllttlre. he made on spcelal blank;
iprovided for the purpose. 'lhc purpose

I' e ol sand. slot. and pine bark rereivcll‘. VIE .ln-‘icllll ['3- IJH'H'L‘Y' ﬁl’lrllmll (“lectured this rltle is to facilitate ﬁlltig 0f the
the unanimous approval of tile hlulgrlcstl “l NCWIHIUL Him-U1)“ “WU” “‘0 SCI‘WS‘ statements. which are preserved for
gang on the globe. After a jolly time‘ot lectures on religion. which are to be‘ {Mum mfm‘mwu‘

spent aroluld the camp lire. the Newman:
ites started for holne. singing college
soups and “telling the world' that a
Newman ('lnb hike is tlle best thing on‘
the market.

KAPPA DELTA RHO INITIATES

The lirsl ol' two \veelts initiation per—

ulcluded ill this year's program of ac-
tivities. ll'ather |)lnlney also spoke very
forcefully on that topic. wllicll is ilow of
supreme interest to ‘ ‘ "tuity, "The
(treat t‘haliee of Antioch."

 

PAY YOUR STUDENT TAX

. i . ..
It. is the earnest request ol the I‘lllailee

Attendance Committee
SENIOR-SOPH GAME
The basketball season opened with
a battle royal between sister classes.
ill the sentor-sophomore game. Motl—
day. Noienibt-r ltl. l'roln start tn
iilli~li it was a last. lllll'tl'iltllﬂlli ts'éttlll'i
in spite of the small alnounl of prac-

 

iod t'or Kappa ltelta Rhi- t'reslunen Ioard that t'flt‘ll individual pay his stu— m... which mp]. ml“. has “mp Ti...

pledges closed this week. with the rol~ tit'tll HIV '1‘ SW!” I'IS ltm‘il'lc- TIN‘I'C Elt‘t‘ line-tip \las:

lege looking lot-ward to a few more days still quite a number of students who Sf‘lliui's I‘ositions Sophomores

oi' tree entertainnu-nt bv llll' ell-\elt have failed to do so, It is In (-\--'yolte's ( ""“l‘lWl‘ R- I‘ ‘_“

’ - I 'tfl\'i|lll'l‘t‘ it this nrltler is clo'ir-d iii “WI ﬁwulm‘f‘m‘

“I‘m mu" '. 7" ‘. ' ‘ L I ,‘ilooi‘e lutllpktlis
li'ather Kniekt-rhtarker‘s town erier. """Wl’itll‘lyv “IIIUI’WN'v “‘9 “m‘mm’i llnteliins . lilnpie

anonnnciilpr the tillle ol' d:I.\'~ eerenlonious ‘ “'l'It'I' 1”“? l’t‘t‘“ "I’IH'UI'I‘I‘IWI ["7 “it”? lll'llllllt'rrlt‘5' In (5 (r-VUUCII

attendants wllo announced lllt' entrance
and departure of the lraternity's lnenl
hers and strangely dressed creatures
new all served up this week for the
.nnnsi-meni oi the college. and their own
discipline.

\s is usual. the pledges were I‘orbillden
in ialk to each other or to women, They
addressed the ilpperclassincn ot‘ the ll'al
[entity as "mister." dolled their lriish
lids politer on the streets alld saluted
within doors. They welt plutetiliotls in'
the ohst'i'vallt‘e of every rille.

They renu-mbered the lliotto lllllll't
on them "every violation means a hllsl

 

 

 

tl."‘
i

LOCAL CLUBS SUGGESTED

ICrl-rytille is aware of tile ll't‘llll'llll-i
oils bent-lit alld elljoylllenl lleriii-d
from the "tlile college clubs. Has
anyone ever thought about the forma—
tion of District Clubs. Country Clubs1
or t‘ity t'luhs: the banding together oi
\llltlt'ttls from the dillerellt districts,
counties. or citi-s? There are a great
tltilll) student trolii Long.r Island. alld
many from ' ter New York.

('ity (‘lllbs at't'ord smile considera-
lioli as Schenectady, 'l‘roy. Rensselaer.
lx’ine'ston. Watervliet. Poughkeeps I.
t'llra. (.‘ohoes. Johllstown. Saratoga.
:ill have a dozen or more students at
State College.

Home papers could be looked over
at meetings at these clubs. alld
speaker from ouc's “home town" would
be welcome, Here is a connection.
the “missing link" between home and
t‘ttllt'le'.

 

  

 

Christmas Photographs
“()ZIEN .-\’l‘ lI:\I.Ii l)()7.|CN
PRICES
l'tl Students \\'hn \\'isli to Arrange
to Have Them 'I‘akcll Before Decent—
bel'. at
THE OBENAUS STUDIOS
57 No. I’earl SL. Albany
(Ulticial Photographs lor the Year
00h

 

‘ litilell.

illpI on the activities of Certain depart-
ments in college must lie rily be our-
It is by means of the student
tax that these departments are ﬁnanced.
[p to date. till seniors. It)! juniors. l‘)l
mph. in res lls'l t'i'eslllllcll. hale payed.
There has also been one lat‘lilty ticket
and two special tickets sold.

 

l-IIDLEY TO ADDRESS CLUB
What do you know of the history

of your native state? We are all to

.1 he teachers ill the [Cantor State. alid = Him-r lltl‘ hCUl'L' Slttf'tl .llltllttl‘S 9. M'Iliﬁl‘ﬁ

no matter whether we be Spanish.

.\|ath.. or lIislory teachers we should

the informed ol the part New York I have the sphere caged.

State has itl History.
l’rot'essor IIidley will talk on the

History of the Niagara I’rolltier. oll‘

 

Substitutes: 'l‘aylor for lloyt.
Italy for llanllnersley. Dillioise for
Neville. llartnlall for 'I‘oinpkills.

Score. l.l-|2: Seniors iii. Sopho-

l2

 

ti Miss Johnston.
‘SENIORS DEFEAT JUNIORS 12-9
The junior—senior game ril Novem-
her I . 'nniue; slowly, the lirst hall
characte‘" d by illllihlillg. gathertsl
speed and swept into a climatic lillisli.
with a total score of 12-9. in talor of
the ’2: t-anl. The second half tur-
nislled excitement. since at its begin-

 

  

Iiotll teams played a lnore or Ie..
erratic game. sacriliciug team work
and accuracy to the urgent desire to
The seniors.
playiiig’ t ’ttlicr game, gained stead-
ily iii the last guartet'. The work of
Klit‘lt, ‘26. a new recruit to the sport.
. was creditable.

 

 

1

 

 

llltkstld)’. Neitnihcr s5. ii‘ntltr the ans imam-)1. posumm 1mm,”
t of the l'olltlcal Science Club. l t'raddoek t. ‘ Koell
This most interestingr subject relates ‘ “nyl L : THC“

' A v r 4 ' > ' 1,
to the history ot .\ew \Lil'lx' Slate. “\hm” L' [myuor

tilt-ryliody come! Remember you
han- all important date for 'l'uesday.
XovL-lllher 25.

CHEM. CLUB EXCURSION

t'lielliistry I. under the leadership of
I’rot'essor Kennedy alld Miss Bctz.
visited the .‘\Ihany water supply system.l
Saturday, November 8. They all re-l

llntcllills R. G. teeming
llallllllersley L. G. Wright

Substitutes: Daly for I'Ianlliiersley,
Millllille for Raynor.

GRAVEYARD HOL—DS advmﬁ

.\ graveyard may not be the most ell—
ticing place iillagillahle to eat, but at
least it has the spice of novelty. This is
the opiliioll of G. . .I\. members who
took advantage of Saturday’s hike to
try out the idea. About ten miles were

 

turl ed telling wild tales of st‘lttlllllxthkC. . covered during the afternoon’s activities.
i

bacterial t‘otitellt
chlorine, aild with a hiin resolve never
to complain about Albany water againi
-lllllll next time,

 

NMiLLs AR PRESS

ﬁltration. alum. an.” Mildred Fellows. ’28. suffered the only

casualty of the event, a sprained toot.
She is reported to be rapidly recovering.
Oil the whole. the event was the invigor-
ating activity a tall hike should be.

394-396 Broadway. Albany, N. Y.

Printers of State College
News

PRINTING

Special Attention Civen‘
Society Work

1.- ”,t t 
~mags Thric-

