 

 

 

Page Two

gait tﬂnllvgv Nina}

Nov. 14, l924 No. 8

 

  

 

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars
per year. Advertising rates may be had
on application to the business manager.

(Articles. manuscripts, etc.. must be
iii the hands of the editors before Mon-.
day of the week of publication.)

Editor-in-Chief ‘
KATHLEEN E. Four/m, '23
Managing Editor
HARRY S. GODFREY, ’26
Business Manager
RUTH BARTON, '25
Subscription Manager
GWENDOLYN JONES. ’25
Assistant Business Managers
LOIS Mounts. '25 .

ELisr. Zowca.

Assistant Subscription Manager
lieu-1N BARCLAY, '26
Associate Editors

FLoiuzuct-t PLATNER. ’25
l'll-‘JdiN ELLIOTT, '26
JOYCE PERSONS, '26
MARGARET BENJAMIN, '26

Reporters
SARA BARKLEY. '
JULIA lbw. '
KATHRYN llirws, '27
ANNA Kori
Enwm VAN Kim.
Louisa (limit. '2

 

 
 
 

 

 

'l‘llE VA lil'l‘l 0|" l‘ll)f'(‘i\'l‘lt)N1
’I'hc worth of a college education
should be a subject of vital import-
ance to those who are planning to
spend four of the best years of their
lives iii an institution of higher learn-
ing. When a man its intelligent and as
capable as lidisoii disclaims the valtie
reaped iroiu such an education. college
students feel puzzled and non-plused.
An education cannot be separate
from the individual who is pursuing it.
and on that individual rests the worth of .
the education, Nor is the gaiti secured
by the individual to be alone cousidvri-il
but one must also take into account the
effect on his contemporaries and his off-
spring Ii four years of college, does
not take one a few steps nearer to per-
fection in manners. morals. tastes.
religious faith. and in ability to he of
service to the world then we might say
with (iray. "when- ignorance is bliss Illa
r to be wise." Some people even
rt that a college education tends to
er mie's ideals and standards, bttt
this argument can easily be counterbal-
anced. for contact with life would prob-
ably present the same problems If all
individual is pulled down by the unfor-
lunatc conditions of his environment the
moral weakness of the individual i.
partially to blame A college education
and college environment ' not entirelyt
ideal, for nothing in this life cati hcl
perfect. Nor does a college education:
always pay ﬁnancially. htit the matcriall
side is usttally over-emphasized by thel
present generation. And so, little ireshﬁz
men. don't worry when some one declares
that a college education means four;
years of worthless effort. chiembert
that its value depends to a vast extent‘
on yourself and the use yoti make of it.,
. . l
I-.\er_v day in every way

The I‘edagogue grows better i

le sure to place your order now

if not by word. by letter

— \amona Downer

 

 

 

 

'our teams on to victory.

 

smsxca‘sw't‘f? ‘ A

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 14, 1924

(Julie e Spirit And
hat It Can Do

An agreement was signed last week
in which several students pledged them-

. I
selves not to shave until State won ai Slaw?

game. If an outsider were to attend one

of State's home games there would be;
little cause for doubt in his mind. as  .
The reason I CSIYCCIHHY

why State, does tint. witi.
is this: We as a college are not be;
hind our teams. We are not boosting
We take a
languid interest iii all athletic affairs.
which expresses its self lti this sentence.
"I Ito/w we will \iiu.'

Last week the freshmen organized a

basketball team on Monday afternoonil

which played its first game on Friday
night. 'l'hey were defeated it is Irut‘.
by a score of 2048, hiit in my estima—
tioti it was a moral victory. If the
freshmen can organize a team. and make

‘lllt! showing they did at their first game,

not oiin to playing ability. lntt also to
the support. which they received from
their own class. why cannot oiir varsity
basketball team will more games, when
the season opens. than it did his ? The
answer to this is spirit—school spirit.
It is the big factor in winning t_‘\ ry
'auu'. It is the support given to the team
by the student hotly. If WC back the

,varsily basketball teatu. as the freshmen

t‘lllah ~upported its team last Friday

night those, young men. who signed that

:igrvi-nu-nl. will not no unshaveu very
II'HK. Wake up Slate! Ask '28 how
it gets that way.

 

WllA'l‘ S'l A'l‘l". llAH
llcfore I came to college. I had dc-
lightful visions of hundreds of girls
w ‘ting to be friends and chums; I had
st't'l‘t'l thrills at the thought of that
companionship. and at the thoughts of
all other delightful things. of which I
had read concerning college life. ('ol-
luge students I had known, came home
brimming with tales of "our college.”

I would bc able to do this. too.

\\'|ien I came to State. I found vom-
pauiouablv girls. I did not lind snobs,
prigs. or fashion plates. I found a joy
beingr able to take part in the things
that went on, aitd I found play and Work
iii the right proportion. In all these
things. State (Tollege came up to my ex-
pectations, litiththere was and is. one
thing lacking. They say the American
' big things, with a name and reptb
Iation. The American student chooses
a big college. one with a name known
everywhere. That is why the small col-
lege suffers.

I found that

 

 

requirements are most strict. atid it is
worthy of being known as a great col—
lege among great colleges. but. it is not
liven the few who have heard of it have
the idea that it i a Normal School,
which turns out a crew of those unap-
preciatcd crcattires—teachers. Students
from Albany. say. "State doesn't mean
as much to us. as it does to _ )II, who
come from away. because we've lived
l'll'lll by it all otir lives " 'l'liis is wrong
-i' should mean more.

When the American wants to impress
anyone. he talks and then demonstrates.
l.ct our subject of conversation be State
('ollege, here atid at home. and then. let
us demonstrate what it has taught us.
with all our might,

  

 

 

. State tiollege has a.
higher standard than most colleges ilv

GREET YOUR FRIENDS WITH

A SMILE WHEN YOU MEET

WELCOME THE FRESHMEN
“tlh don‘t you rememhcr"—the
‘l-[ello" campaign staged last year ati
Why not put its good resultsI
tinto practice this year? The fl‘lclltlll-l
ness recipe calls for a smile, a cheery

 

among the upperelassmen.
Don't wait for the freshmen to speak!
l’erhaps they are trying to remember
when Mark Antony defeated the Saxons
or Mali Jung repulsed the Saracens at
'l‘ours. They may he awed at your dig»
uity or they may he going to History
quiz. lntt they want. to know you. and
they want to be friends. bet 'them
good example, Juniors- and seniors, by
calling out “Hello” to them and to your
own classmates wherever you 5(tc.lllcm.
I‘lvery little bit helps, and the frtendly
most of all. in making State a
friendly college. a college where "Alma
Mater" titealis all that our own song
promises

MUSIC CLUB ENTERTAINS
The under classes fllrlllsllt‘fl Music
Club with able talent for its program
of November 9. Margaret Taylor. 27.
gave a delightful rendition of "llauuy
lloy. an old Irish folk sting and of
Greene's “Sing Me To Sleep" Ruth
|,emiulv\ technique in her i-riellent iii-
't‘l'tit‘t‘litlltiti of loin-J "t'ou/an.’ and
Koelling's "Hungary." was masterly and
commanding, 'l‘he st'lt‘t:lioll. "Where
.ly (‘ara'an llas Rested.” with violin
nbligattn by Margaret Martin, '28. con-
lt'ilnilcd a vhartniug bit to the perform-
illll'lf.
AROUND THE COLLEGE
linth lialdwin. of Antityville. Lone

l~latid. \‘isitvtl Adelaide (itillt'H‘llltlIl
|\‘l'l' the \\'t‘t'l\'~t'lltl.

:2

n:

 

llelcn Jewell spcnt tlic week-cud at
her home iii Schenectady.

'l'he Schenectady Alumnae of l’si
(lamina. held a int-cling iu Schenec-
liltl_\' rvvently. and art- planningr at
wrivs of social events for the benefit
of the actitc chapter.

 

’l'he fifty students and teachers ivho‘

 

bought pictures during the recent;
\. \\. L, A. exhibition. may we

 

about one-third the cost of framing liyl
consulting the iiialri-r of the pictures.

 

Isthcr liltiscll. '26, reported that the
\'. \\’. i'nnuuaec sale held la~t Saturda
lu'ought_returns amountingr to appri.
inater forty-lire dollars. Y. W. thanks
\rs. "utsen. who supervised the sale.
I ted in many othvr ways. as
'ollectiuu. marking, \s a hundred
dollars is the goal, another sale will be
held in the s irlug to raise the remainder,
; Kindly s: c your old clothes! Leave
ithem together with old newspapers and
‘magazines. at 15 South Lake Avenue.
i' iss 'l‘allmadgc was a \\'('t, cnd
guest at the home of Mrs. Iflizaheth
Stafford (lreeu. '06. Schenectady. She
attended a meeting of Schenectady l’si
.lilillll‘i| alumnae. at which Mrs. -l\l;||“
Home Vedilltltr llcmpstcr, ’12 u the
Hostess. "ie guests \vcr lilizah'
,MacMillau. ’07. liilltli lilades Ackermidi‘,

   

 

 

 

   

  

   

 

'06. Grace Skinner 'l‘ ms. '03. Mabel
iMeeker Roe. ' 4. nice Rice. ’22.
iQatlierine Ostrander (ile son, ’07, Gene-
,vicvc llrooke. 'lt), Florence lirown llol~
atou, ’10. and iiunice Myers, '

i Y. W. t'. A. was addr 'scd by I'm-
lessor Saylcs. 'I'ucsday. November 4. as
Dr. h’fnldcuhawcr was unable to be pre \
cut. Prof
about the n Dr. Harry Emerson
Fosihclt, with whom he was in college.

 

 

 

 

 

greeting, and a spirit of cooperation, -

‘tl‘ Sayles told intimate facts:

 

 

 

lianuua Kappa Phi held its annual fail
dance in the gymnasium It‘riday even
lug, November 7. The dance, committee».
were: Music. l\’atheriue Woodward.
refreshments, Mary Cornell; decora-
tions. Marjorie Livingstone. Miss “and
Itowley, Miss l‘llizalieth Anderson, and
Miss Agar. the house mother. were
cltnperoncs. 'l‘lie alumnae back for the
dance were: Mildred i \"t'l'n
(fi'uustock. Mildred (‘ornclll ICtlna t hm.
and Mrs. |.ynn larui-s. formerly llol
latuier.

 

tiertrtulc l'vthvi'bridge. oi l‘iica. ~peni
the weekend at tianuua Kappa I’lii. at
Illc guest of her sister. Sarah l'i-tlivi
bridge.

Marie Nixon. of (lamina Kappa I‘Iu
house, spent the wcek~cnd at her lltitllx
iii (ilovcrsville.

  

Margery liayles. ' spent the well
t'llll at the kappa llclta house.

Llewellyua (iiill. '25, spent the week
end in Syracuse.

  

Miss Helene llorsit . ‘24, and .\li.~
t'onstance Iteiley of Scliueclady. ﬁnd”
the week-cud at the Chi Sigma 'l'hivli
house. at .itl.’ Quail St.

lleta Zeta welcomes Marion \’vddi-i.
'37. l'liochc Skidmore. '27, and lltll'l’v
Youugs. '26. as pledge members. Mi»
Amanda Reed. of Amsterdam. \'i>llv‘l
t‘ora l\'t‘(:tl. 'L... at the llcta Zeta hon»-
Saturday.

Alpha lipsilou l’hi welcomes Mildred
Panel. '11:. as a pledge tut-tuber

Delta ()niega Altininae will hold lll' ii
annual fall meeting November 15. .u
the house. Mrs. George ('onwell. ihr
president. will preside 'l‘he festivitu-
will begin at live o'clock.

llcta chapter of Omicron .\'u held
their regular meeting Monday evening
"' the home of Mrs. liarlv Sutherland
“00 Myrtle Ave. 'l‘hc chapter will olivi‘
a cash prize to the Home liconoiuic
freshman with the highest standing 'i'
the end of the ye’

  

{eta Alumnae met at Russell Sacv
('ollegc. 'l‘liursday. after the llHlllt‘
ninmics sectional meeting. Dorothy
liacheller, editor, presided and plEIIh’ foi
the year's work were made.

 

Rosaline fireeuberg has not accepted
the offer as "understudy" in “Silenci-

Dr. llrubaclicr will give an addree
for Education Week. at the cit)’ ‘“
Hudson. on November 17. at a pupr
dinner under the auspices of the llud
son Rotary Club.

lithel Pct’sk. '26. and Olla (ioewey. 'ltr
spent the week—end iii New York. and
were entertained by friends from ('ohun
bio and New York Universities.

Violet lr’icree directed a very enjoy
able musical program cousiding HI
lirench songs. at the meeting of tllr
French Club. Tuesday afternoon. X"
venibcr 5. The club is making phiii‘
for tie dausant to be given under it~
“ml?i " nn November 22. from two
thirty lo ﬁve-thirty.

J‘

 
  

i

 

