m...—

Page Tlen

 

 

 

S ’l‘ A T E

COLLEGE NEWS, JUNE

1 9 2 4-1

S TUDEN T 0R GANIZA TIONS

MYSKANIA
Myskania, founded in 1917, acts as

a student council in supervising stu-=
dent actIVItics and guarding college;
This council is composed’

traditions.
of from eleven to tmrtcen
‘chosen on Moving-up Day of the
Junior year. 'i‘wo 01 these membeis
are chosen by popular vote 01‘
student body,the other nine or eleven
members are appointed by the out-
going council. The basis or stand-
ard by which new members are chosen
is one of popular' y, scholarship, and
leadership in college activ1tic... ’l‘ie
duties of Myskania ure:--
‘ I. To supervise all forms of inter-
.class rivalry.

2. To foster college tradition and
see that it is upbeli.

3. ’I‘ be an example of college
spirit to the undergriuluates.

rl. To organize the freshman class.

5. To be presentat all class nomi~
nations and elect:

’l‘he members of -li)2:
council are: lillla |.. Canon, ; <‘Io-
rence R. Cruddock, '25; Edmund H.
Crane, '25; Alice 'l'. l)iily, ‘Zi'i; Doro-
thea l<‘. Deitz, ’25; Beulah ill. I'icker~
son, ’20; Kathleen li‘urman,
Mildred IG. l‘lunimersley, ‘Zi’i;
M. Higgins, '25; Ivii C. “lumen, ’25;
Jacquelyn It}. Monroe, ’25,

SCnIOl‘S

,—
.7
C

 

 

  

   

NEWMAN CLUB

’l‘he Newman Club of State College
has just completed the most success
l'Lil year in the history of the organi-
zation. In accordance with the chief
purpose aml aim of the club, the
religious events stand out as the em
bodiment of the true Newman spirit

UmlL'l‘ UN! R'lll‘lulml 0f the lilzx‘z‘l i for fellowship and friendliness.

ollicers, president, Agnes Nolan, “air

.a- p....i lirilL, Ada Husse, ’24; sec-
retary, Alice Daly, '25; treasuri
Mary Dardess. ’Zil; and i'chl‘tci,
Catherine ()‘la-ary, "an, the first
Quarterly Communion was held on
November al at St. Vincent do Paul’s
(.‘hurch, a breakfast following at the
Vincentian Institute. Mayor i-Iackett
of Albany addressed the club meni-
hers on this occasion. 'l‘he second
Quarterly Communion on April 6 at
St. Vincent do I’anl's Church was
follow *d by a lii‘ti‘lkl'i 't at the \

   

emy ol‘ the Holy Names. State Coin-

Dr. Frank
being "'l‘lie
{or Joseph
to: of
Com»

II‘ltSSlOIIL‘I' of Education,
I’. Graves spoke, his topic
Big Questions of t. e." I
IS. Dunney, the spiritual d:
Newman Club, welcomed the
missioner and addressed the
bers.

The First Newman Pilgrim;
the Shrine of Catherine 't‘ekag
at Auric ville was held on May
The historical as well as llie religious
significance of the Shrine made this,
event of unusual interest. It is hoped
that the PH: image will l)()CIiIllt‘ an
annual affair. The month ol’ May‘
:witnessed. also, the iiiipi ssive closing
event of Newman religious [NithUVOI‘p

  

  
 

ritha

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

incin-1
, si-ml‘, Counsellors. Mi

 

hall Road. Vi s to children in city
hospitals and other charitaole activi-
ties were COIlllllCtUli by the club under
the direction of Marion O‘Connor as
chairman. The last social event of
the year, the annual Moon—o—Duh-
Miii, was held at Newman House on
Saturday, June 7, under the joint
auspices ' the Newman Alumni
Association and the Newman Club.
'l‘hc oillcers for 1924-25 are:

 

 
 

dent, l‘lliitiiior Fitzgerald, ’25; sec!
tary, Catherine ()'I.eary, ’26; treas-
urer, Genevieve l\'eavenoy, "2.6; re-
porter, Julia "ay, “2.7.

Y. W. L. A.

The Y. W. (I. A. has made itself
indispensable to the life of tilt} coi-
le_ students by providing opportu-
nities during the year for study of
world conditions and a course in Bi«
hie stiuly conducted by a member of
the faculty. ’l‘hci'e are also weekly

 

iiioetiiigs. Ml‘llllllil'slllp is open to
any young woman of the college.
Dorothea Deitz is president for

10244925.

CANTERBURY CLUB

Club is one of the many
orgaiii' us at State ('olli-ge where
friendship, fellowship, service, and
devotion is fostered. Students inter-
ested in the Club. in the lu'piscopal
church, or d 'ring to live up to the
club’s ideals are invited every year to
join the iaiiks. There must be sonn-
i'eligioiis devolioii in every pupil.
Ianterlniry Wishes to l‘urther this and
to introduct- students to om- another

  
  

Cant -rhui

 

 

Canterbury has bm-n _"i|llt('tl a
National charter. Among its require.
inents an, service. religious devotion,
instruction, and other organized acti-
vity. llev. Mr. Findlay of St. An-
drew’s Church is interested in Can-
terbury and St. Andrew‘s is the regu»
lai' meeting place of the club.

’I'he purpose is not. entirely relig»
ious it must be clear that no one
is forced to do anything but live up
to the ideals of llil‘ club. Dances
are held. “rats” are served and spirit
is not lacking.

To those students who would like
to join the chic rs wisii to extend a
cordial welcome.

l’r "dent, Irene Yorton; Vice
‘iTs lent, Ruth Miner: Secretary,
Sarah I’otln-rhridge; ’l‘i'easurer. Eliza-
beth Plum; Reporter, Marie 'l‘own—
Rogers, Mrs.
Mr. Findlay.

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

Findlay. Rey.

MENORAH SOCIETY
'l‘ln- aim of Menorah Society is
“to advance Jewish clllttll'( and ideals
among colic-5e students." it
chapters in all the leading colleges of
the country. The oilicers for 1924-
1925 are: President, Florence Greenw

J

Higgins ‘25; First Vice President,

Helen Arthur, ’26; Secretary and
’l‘reasurer, Frances M. Keck, ’20;

Reporter, Marion Hemstreet, ’27.

FRENCH CLUB

The aim of the French Club is to
interest all students in the customs
oral history of the French people and
to arouse a genuine appreciation in
French art and literature. Member-
ship is open to all students who are
taking Ii‘rench courses or who are
interested in the use of the French

language.
The olh'cers for 1924-1925 are:
'"ilent, Iva Hinman, ’25; Vice

  

dent, Harry Godfrey, "26; Sec-
retary, Jane li‘lanagan, ’26: ’l‘reas-
urer, Ruth Barton, ‘25; Ieportcr.
Mary Flanagan. '26.

CLASSICAL CLUB

’l‘he aim of the Classical Club is to
increase the interest in the life and
literature of the Latin and Greek
peoples. iVleinliership to this club is
open to all students who have taken
either Latin 1 or Greek l. The oili-
cers for lElztl—Zﬁ are: President, Lois
Moore, " 5; Vice Pl't ideiit, Ruth
Munch. ’25; 'l‘reiisuri . Dorothea
Deitz, ’25; Secretary, Mo 3 Dayton,
 Reporter, Olive Quackenb'ish,

I:

 

MATHEMATICS CLUB
'l‘lu~ aim of this club is to further
the interest and ‘ . the per-
spectn of students in inatliem' .
h’leliiliel‘s’iiip is open to all students
who have passed the first semester
of analytical _ comet) 'l‘he oilicers
for [924-26 art. ’it dent, Harvey
l"eiini-r, ’25; Vice President, l'lt. in
Sherman, '25; Secretary, Aileen Gage
’25; 'l‘rensurer, l<Ilnah Krieg, ’2il.

r

 

 

 

   

 

OMICRON NU

’|‘|u- [leta Chapter of this national
honorary society was organized to
stimulate scholarship among the H. If).
students. Junio and seniors who
havo attained hi ii s inding and
show ability in this line of work are
eligible for membership. Mario
Burgiii, ’25, is the only senior for
next year who is a member until fail
elections add another member.

 
 

 

SPANISH CLUB

The Spanish Club was formed to
study the customs. music, poetry and
literature of the Spanish people. " e
reeuir ments For niembmvship are
unre ted and all those who
iiiid’eSted may join. The olh'cers for
this year are: president, Mar~
"'fll‘f‘t Eaton. '24; vice i ' ‘ .nt
Gladys Van Vrankin, ’24; secretarv,
Katherine Hodge, "5; treasurer
Mary O'I'la'e, ’25; reporter, Bettv
Hing. , ’26. '

 

v
I

  

POLITICAL SCIENCE CLUB

SYDDUM HALL

Syddum Hall is the big old house
across from the college where twenty.
live girls enjoy the privdeges of dor—
mito.y life. The house is 1 Eng-le-
wood Place, facing; beautiful Wash-
ington Park, and is under the direct
supervision of the Dean of Women.
The girls who live there form the
Syddum Hall house organization,
which governs the house activities
and aims to promote friendliness and
good l'ellowsnip among the students.
House membership is open to any
girl student who agrees to the regu-
lations of the house organization.

 

"Y" HOUSE

For five years the State College
branch of the Y. . . A. has pro-
vided a dormitory for its members,
commonly called the “Y” house. The
first one was at 31 So. Lake Avenue,
with Beulah Kittie, '19, house presi-
dent, and Miss Marion Card, faculty
member. October 1, 1919 the second
iouse was opened at 747 Madison
Avenue. This house accomodated IS
girls and a house mother.

The “Y” house is the center of
many social activities, among whicii
wastlie animal house dance held last

m .

The new house leased this year will
accomodate about the usual number
of girls. Applicants may add their
names to the “waiting list” held by
Nellie Maxim, ’24. ex—president.

JUNIOR SISTER PLAN

’l‘hc object of a Junior Sister
System is to relieve the feeling of
strangeness to college life which is
felt by the entering li‘reshinen. In
the early summer each junior write:
to a future freshman, giving lii‘l'
general information concerning the
college and the city of Albany, and
offering her service in helping the
entering student to get located and
to adapt herself to college life. Nor
does the relationship stop here for
each ,iuniir conducts her freshman
sister to the faculty reception given
in honor of the freshmen in Septem-
her, while each sister class gives a
party to the other during the l'.
'l‘ilh‘ continuing their l'rienill'.Y ili'tiV-
it  until the close of the year.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

the Retreat. 'I‘his wrs he‘d on May‘" blath, ‘5; Vice President, Fiomnc.

 

 

 

 

   

      

     

    

29.. 24. and 25 at the Aca 'cmy of thei, Stone, ’26; Correspomling Secretary, “This elm.) was formed Will?" u“ ”
Holy Names. Rev, J. .. Collins con- ‘ Ann Roll, ’21}; Recording Secretary, ‘l'll’ct'qn, 0‘ til“ ‘lopilrtmclltﬁ 01 Elli-'5' ll
ducted _the sermons. On Sunday. Constance Baumanu, '27; ’l‘reasurer, hill: li'StO’l-‘l’ “0"”mmmi and “con' i“
gaykfguk 11:. in; lziisthlﬂiiinuniom “mun rlimﬁchcs’ .26‘  tpo xiii'cl'elase cthe integ'estfrand si

rea as .ev. oso mer vei L . 0' 1'0 currcn a airs. i
the farew’eu Speech “LL, istmifgrsij ——“ Meetings are held semi-monthly and ’v l‘(
thns'closing the Newman religious POLITICAL SCIENCE CLUB Qll'll'mllu ‘toincs are discussed. All hi
activities for this college year. , 'l‘his chili was formed under the "S’i’mmi’mh 0" "WW (ililss’mfl WI?” ii ” ii

l‘he Club’s socml events for 192?.- direction of the (luliﬂl'tmi'lll. of i'lng- “‘1'” ill" “l’l”'°".ll.°r LII“ ""mli’Cl‘iillli’ (1
$4 bcglzin with git tt'ea ‘irhven iln the lish, history, g \’('!'nl}‘lieiit, and econ- commlttw “‘“V JO'"' ' 5“
Jreen tool“ at .‘ at: ,o cue (urin-“omics to increase tie interest and —‘— Ci
re station days in September. Oii’ ability to interpret current all'airs.l JOSEPH HENRY SOCIETY l‘r
ii oher I!) the Newman Pledge Party“l wtings are held serni~iiioiitl1lv and'_ The purpose of this society is to, i l'
was held. about Forty new members current topics are discussed. All "'1"0'1$" knowledge and appreciationl i M
veing enrolled. The first of the club,son‘ioriores o' l“ll" r i‘ ' of. physics as it is today. Mombcrd ‘15 pl
hikes was also held during October, i iin the approval of the memlieiship ship in this societv is restricted to; j  fi
at the Country Manor of the Acad- nominee may join. The omcers ofilhOSv Students who have missed citherl ' ’ ' if ’ '  (i
demy of the Holy Names on White-,‘ 1924-1925 “"02 PI‘L‘SI'IIOM. Eilithlcourse 1 or 2. SYDDUM HALL 3-‘ Pl

(liq),
1. l!

