State College News I

vat: ix” “Na "

STATE LOSESL IKirtlaind‘iExhibit

TO UNION

Purple and Gold i
Fight Gallantlyt

tful and her pensive moods. and a few;

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OF l9l3
ALBANY, N. Y.. NOVEMBER 7.77l'9'274

lState on Broadway l

Ends To-MorrowlCollege Shares Honor

'l‘he majestic oceaiu nature in her joy~

portraits of favorite faculty have all been
on display this last week in the rotunda

 

 

and lower hall. l’rolessor lx'irlland.
i . .
 ‘snrcly deserves commendation for his
State ('ollege by a score ol 34-0 lost “MI-[‘3

in thi- fonrth game of the season to the
freshmen of l'nion on Alexander Field
of Schenectady Saturday afternoon.

linion opened the game by ki'l'ingr the
hall to State's tirc yard line where Saar-
recovering the ball ran it back to the
fifteen y 'tl line. State fill the fourth
down kicked lo i'tiion's forty-tire yard
line. but an attempted lielil goal was
blocked by l'uion. ,‘\t the beginning of
the second quarter l’iiinn by a snec 
ftIl pass scored a touchdown. 'l‘lnis cn~
conraged l'nion Irictl another forward
pass and again they scored.

The second half l'nion kicked the ball i
to the forty yard line. The freshmen
soon after were penalized twenty yards.
Surrounded by three l'nion tllL'lI. lion»
ncly leaping into the air l'L't't'l\‘('ll a for»
\ d pass, ran several yards and was
tackled. State non gained twenty yards.
l'nion intercepted a pass by State and
ran thirty yards for a touchdown. .\
kick off by l'nion made possible for
them another touchdown. State thonin
completing a for ‘rd pass in the third
quarter was blocked aml l'nion inter—
ecptiiig a forward pass again scored,

The entire art ed by
ilie superior aerial attack of the fresha
men. State excelled in line pllttt‘glttg but
it could not compete in forward passes
with the specially trained men of Union.

The llltc up:

The exhibition consists of l‘rofessor
teen ye " The ocean ricws, showing
the aftermath of the heavy tropical
storms. are those made during September.
l‘L’l. The local studies are taken front
scenes in the .\(lirnnilael\‘s, ('atskills.
(it'l‘l‘ll Mountains, and the river valleys
and lakes of t'ailitol llistrict. The color
studies are :ill in oil plgltli'llts guaranteed
by the producers to be absolutely pcrnia
'l'hc black and white prints are on

 

 

 

nent.
the tint-st grade of carbon black paper.

The display will close to-inoi‘row and
will be the last time students anil
lt'JIt'llt't's will llil\'t' the opportunity to buy

 

them at these pi‘it s; carbon—bl
ing from one io iwo dollars‘

It'l'l ancnt

Mr.

 

 

oils from two-titty to a’t'H'tt'l
l\'ii‘tland \\lll have a window dis]
\‘iiit‘s .\rt Store all nest week where his
|tl\‘llit't's will be on siIlL‘.

All SidestAe‘f—ended;
S. C. Orators Declaim

l)ciitopthenes, l'alr"|'
l'ortia held the stage at assembly last
lirit '. As l)eiuopthenes, _lt‘t'titllt'
\\alker. '35, represented the Itemocratitr
party: \l ‘s listhcr Miller, '18. was the
l’rogr s e party's l’ortia; and liilwiii
,luckett. '25. was a llll-l Patrick Henry
for the Republican party.
.\lr. \\’a|ker spoke to an

 

 

 

Henry. and

   

\

 

llllt' WJIS L‘

   

 

   
   

t

‘ intelligent

  
  

 

 

    

      

 

 

limb” " I"’-"’/“’" Mm" audience," he declared. Miss Miller
Walker . ‘ ..ltonnely styled Senator La li'ollette a "quiet. un-
Adﬂmsi I 4 It".l,l\\,’-M.r] .Iibt'rusp-c- (man/1'] I)lylr: ‘ Itilc'kclt'til \(vitl;
mmlmun . H H I.” (I ' ‘ I ' ' ‘ I ‘ I “Must.” .i igai ieI- I'CIlLrtl ‘ apes. litlll\Lt ittl
. ' that "nttt‘t' in a while the American peo~
Mul‘dC-‘l ' r i - - r ' "L ~ r ' - - ‘ i - - ~-l"“l’“"l" ple have a chance to vote for it man like
llanson  . .....(iainor t‘oolidg .l"
\‘Vilttet‘ . . . . . . . .. . 'l . . . . , ..|\’ucy_inski Previous to the political speeches, (it-r—
Stewart H L. IV: ‘ V r I erlormmq trude ()ltls, '23, talked to the. students.
Hyth ‘ ' ' ' "O H" ‘ (.mn'c and espletl'ially to the freshmen, concurn.
‘ " '  " ' ‘ nir atiions.
Dennis . . . . . i. l\'. H. l’». .(IiltthCll ’7' raditions are not made by coni-
latching . _ , . . |“ 1 mittees. they grow as the ei'tllcge‘grows."
FUI), F. I . liss tJItls declared. If there is no re~
‘ ' ‘ ' ' ‘ '  " spcct inside the college, there thl be none ‘
5cm“ lb" perm“: lontsidc. The respect you have for your
Union , , , . . . . .. 7 7 0 10—34 ’ college is measured by your attitude
State  . . . . . .. t) (I it t)—— t) 1 toward her traditions." .
ynmumw I Miss Olds presented the matter in an
H ' ' .. . ltllltl‘L. ire speech. which made everyone
l‘mCh‘lnwns —' Hylmld' [\“ch‘f‘g" think what his r“ 'lit Mater meant to'
MCIKlES. Allams- Slll’SlilUllU”51 U'm’“ him. During the talk, V[iss Olds brought '

-—Gi'egnry for \Vinter; Lewis for
Stewart; Miller for (ircgnry; Blair for

inside respect before it can hold its ltead

walker? Dav“ for Hansnn‘ Stale-l up among the worthwhile colleges and
Gilchrist {0" NCl’ll‘v‘Wi DOI’r‘s ("r  universities of this country. The speaker
Gainer; jolinson for Cantwell. Othcialslehided the upper classinen tnr letting

—Referee, Humphries: linesman, l'laub- fresh go nnpunished when they see them
neri 'l‘inie of ﬁrst half quarters 12 niin- doing wrong, and stated that they were
utes. (ll second half 15 minutes. as respoustble as the wrong-drier.

Kii'tlanil's favorite irints for the last ﬁf—
l t

  
   
  

up the problem nt college loyalty and re— i
speet, stating that a college must have

Rosaline (irei-nbci't.’

I'ItllL- ‘

tt'onrn-sy Albino t-Iit-utnu Scum
.\ Stale t'ollt-gc pirl is to bare her
chance for the bright llLilll" of llroadway.

l\'tIr-.‘tlltti' tircciilict'g. '11:. has been

offered the part of utitlcrstndy to Flora
Shetlichl. ll. ll. Warner's leading lady in
" Silenci- "

by .\la\ .\larcin. its auilior.
“ Silcnrc' will open next week in New
York.
Last y ||‘ sltc ll'lt'tl out at \\H\'. Schc
the role of
Merchant of
\‘nicc and stage

 

nectatly, :nnl nan glyi'n
" th'issn " " 'l'ln-
\‘t-nice." lIt-r musical
talent won her a place in the company.
Later she was made leading lady. Since
.\larch she has been lti'littthitSliltg plays
regularly. She has received many letters
of praise from radio fans.

Not long ago Max .\larcin allowed his
play “Silence” to be lll‘ltilllCilletl by
radio from \\'ti\'. Miss (irecnberg
played the leading part and Mr. Marcia,
"listening in." was pleased with her iii-
terpretation of the role. \\'hcn
“Silence” was produced in Albany he
sought her at \\'(i\'. 'l‘liere followed a
matinee theater party at “ Silence." after ‘
which Mr. Marcin made the dclinite‘
offer. Miss (ircenheri.r is still debating;
over her decision. l

Rosaline (ireenberg entered State (Ul- l

in

   

lcgc a. a sophomore from New Yoi'l ’
University. She first displayed licr.
dramatic talent in college plays here.

Crosby Cage. the producer of]
"Silence," and one of Selwyn's biggesti
men. has promised Miss Grecnberg al
place later. should she not decide to ac~
eept the offer to iindcrstiidy in ” Silence."

" Sn eventually." Rosaliue said with a
laugh, “l‘ll laitd in New York a
chorus girl—if as nothing else."

HS

l
l

 7 ﬂ 
BASKETBALL
SCHEDULE

Freshmen to Play
At Rensselaer High

State ('ollege for 'l'eaelters' basketball
team will play home games in the college
gymnasium this year, the athletic inan—
agenient has derided. lt‘irst practice lie-
gan this week with about fifteen men out
for the varsity. Captain John tiainor
hail charge.

It was d d not to use the state
armory on W: liington avenue for games.
'l‘ht-re will be about seven linine contests
this year. the lirst with Union tfollege
varsity lh-ccnibcr o. Until then the men
will have regular practice and it is ex-
pct‘tetl the team will be fully ready for
lllt‘ opening tilt,

I’I‘actire was originally scheduled to
begin later in the fall, but cancellation of
the Man an football game by Man-

 

 

 

‘hattini made room lut' it.

State t'ollegu's newly organized fresh—
inan basketball team will play the lit‘st
game of its season to-niorrow night
against lx'eitssclaer lligli School's varsity
iii lx'cnssclacr. A large contingent of
binen routers is expected to accent-
patty the class team.

The team was organized this week and
conducted first practice Monday. Presi-
dent t‘larcncc Nephew of '28 has been
chosen captain. llarry llrig’gs is mana-
ecr. lit-sides Nephew. these men are ex-
pected to start the game to~innrrow niuhl:
'l'ony l\'nc7ynski‘. who played with win-
ning .\|bany innatciir teams; Howard
in " lack llohris, former Y. M, lT '\.
pl: . l sander Bryant, Athens High
>‘ hool pl ‘ and Francis (iritlin. llriaru
clifl' Mano High School. Nephew is a
former ltensselaer lligh player.

The High School team will start these
men: truso, captain. lilrouner, Spatli,
\\‘illiains, l‘ionacker. and Kceler.

'l‘he freshmen expect to schedule games
with other vicinity high school varsities.

 

        
  
 

 

FOOTBALL GAME CANCELLED

The football game with Manhattan L'ol-
legu at New York, scheduled for to-
morrow, has been cancelled by Manhat-
‘niager Stephen Merritt. announced
yesterday. No substitute contest has been
arranged and the team will be idle to—
morrow afternoon for the ﬁrst Saturday
since the season began.

No reason was assigned by Manhattan
for the cancellation.

A week from to-inorrow the season will
close with the team playing at home
against the varsity of Springﬁeld Y. M.
('. A. College. probably the strongest out-
fit on this year’s schedule The game
will take place at Ridgeﬁeld park. This
week practice went on at Reverwyck
park.

 

 

ORDER AHEAD
Mother Hubbard went to the
cupbnari
To get her daughter a “ Pa ,"
lint when She got there the cupboard
\VilS :1er
'Cause she hadn't ordered ahead.

Old

 

 

 

 

 

 

