I

State College

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OF l9l5

yobtx' no. 2'

‘ 'A'LEAM,   '
Dr. Brubacher Will

SENIOR MEN / ‘lt‘rootibattiSchedttle

WILL COACH:

Will Give Methods Inl
Physical Work 
~———— 1

[first steps itt extension of tltc ntcn'sf
athletic program for this year to include
a larger percentage of the college men

. l
were taken Monday night when llr.
irnbacher addressed a meeting itt lilt'l
gymnasium lle outlined parts of lllt'
athletic program for this year and an»
nounced the itutugnration of a new plan
whereby all own will ' .l\ regular.
training it illlllt'ltt‘ coaching. it is llr.
lh'ubachcr opinion tltat the male lllL’ll
school teacher hurls his nsetnlnes l l n-
school board and constuptt-ntly his salary
appreciably greater if lie is able to coach
a team as we] ' instruct iii a sub

C'o h Jlalrer also spoke 'g.
ath 's lle appealed Ior support tor
hnnscll and the team. The coach
announced that there are several

ant mauagcrships itt men's sports open,

at pt‘esettl which afford students who are
not on teams
toward the othcial “  Next t'ear's

sport tuanagcrs, he :ttllnxlttltiell, will be;

chosen front this year's assistants
Harvey Fenner is manager of basket-
ball this year. Stephen Merritt, manager

of baseball, has been acting as temporary _

manager of football, pending action by
the athletic council to ﬁll the place of
Charles ll, Cole, who is not itt college.

STUDENT ASSEMBLY

Strict enforcement of college traditions
and full scope for violation penalties
were promised by Edmund t‘rane, Stu-
dent Association President, speaking last
Friday at chapel. Women students who
violate college traditions will not be
eligible for sorority bids by State College
sororities unless they apologize publicly
through Mysknuia to the student body,
and no student who breaks the collc't‘e's
traditions can rtut for or hold class or
association cc, he reminded tht‘
meeting.

Mr. Crane restated the rules adopted
by Myskania, the intersority council. and
other bodies last year. Edith Higgin, a
member of Myskania, read college tradi-
tions and interelass rivalry rules. Sit-
tings for senior pictures for the Pcda‘
gogut have been begun. it was announced.
The orchestra will welcome instrumen-
talists to complete its ranks.

Alma Falle, song leader, led the sing-
ing of several college songs and the
freshmen were introduced musically.

REGISTRATION

The registration for this year has at
last been tabulated. The total number is
still far in excess of the normal caPﬂity
of the school, although entrance require-
ments were mu stricter than hereto-
fore. There are E graduate students.
33 specials, l76 seniors, 1205 juniors, 272
sophomores. and .147 freshmen. The.
total registration therefore‘is l,04l.

l opportunin to tvork‘

 

Begins Next Week

Six Games Planned

Captain Lyle Roberts

Dates for the college's six foot—
ball games were announced this
week, as follows:

October 11, \\'orccster
Worcester.

October Hi, Colgate Freshmen
Albany.
T October 25, R P. I. Freshmen

,.

Tech at

at
at
oy.
November 1, Union Freshmen at
Schenectady.

November 8, Manhattan ("ollege at
New York.

November 15, Springﬁeld College
at Albany.

FINE PROGRAM PLANNED

The Dramatics and Art Association,
true to its habit of furnishing interesting
and instructive programs to the student
body, is planning a varied program of
incstimable value for the coming year.
.\lthough deﬁnite plans have not as yet
been formed, the president of the asso-
ciation, Gwendolyn Jones, states that
every effort is being made to favor State
with lectures from people prominent in
the dramatics and art world. Acting
under Miss Futterer’s and Miss Perine's
valuable advice. the association hopes
to surpass all former successes. A mor
definite account of its plans will appear
later.

PAY DUES!

Seniors—pay your class dues! ‘It
you have five dollars, turn it over to
Dorothy Haight as soon as possible.
If you haven't ﬁve dollars—ﬁnd fl!

:nf

 

 

Represent State

Centennial Celebration

llr. liruhacltcr will represent State
('ollege at the (‘cnlennial Celebration of
w l‘olytt-chnic institute held at

Troy, l riday and Saturday of this week.
[Jolt-gates front more than two hundred
engineeritu,r schools, and uni-

of t'anatla and the United States

‘llllllt! to listen to men of national

and intct'natiotutl importance in the edit-
c'ttional world. mng the speakers
tvi he: Secretary Herbert Hoover;
|.ni::i Luiggi. (Llit, 0.3.0, President of
the Society of Civil [Engineers of Italy;
Arthur Surveyor. t,'..lC., President of the
Engineering institute of Canada; San-kc
Alfred Ste, l..l..l).. Ambassmlor from
' a to the United State; President

‘ l ivinzston l’arrand, of Cornell; I"

dent :\ngel|, of Yale: l-‘t‘csidt-nl llt-r
\\'iscousin; l‘rt-sident
Massachusetts Institute of 'I‘et‘hnology,
and ['residcnt Michelson, of the National
Academy of Sciences.

AT BANKERS' ASSOCIATION
“The Permanent Values in School
 " Igs " will be the subject of the ad-
dress llr. liruhaclter will give Friday,
October ltl, at the annual convention of
the State Bankers' Association to be held
at the \'\/estcltestcr Baltimore Country
t_'lnb.

SPOKE AT KINGSTON

At Kingston. September 25, Hr, lirn-
bacher addressed the annual tearhers'
convention of Ulster County on the sttb~
ject of "Educatimt for Freedom.” The
preceding (la Professor l'lntchinson
spoke to the same body on " The World
Court."

PLAY TO BE GIVEN

The Advanced Drantatics class tv
stage its first play in the college andi~
toriuut in the near future, under lidith
lliggius‘ capable direction. Mi llig~
gins, who played the role of l\l .. .raw»
shaw with such perfection in the play‘
staged last year, is choosing her cas
with great care. A definite report of
those ﬁlling the various roles will ap-
pear soon.

EXTENSION COURSE

Mr. Simonin and Dr. Bcik of State.
College are numbered among the in-
structors of the extension courses of
New York University, the administrative
ofﬁces of which are located at Washing-
ton Square in the City of New York.
Such courses are of college grade and
university credit may be secured on their
completion. A fee of ﬁfteen dollars is
charged for enrollment.

Any interested student should consult
either Mr. Simonin or Dr. Beik. The
former is instructing i Elementary and
Advanced French, whi e the latter oﬁers
the Outlines of Psychology. Classes are
held weekly in the Albany Academy for
Girls and auditorium -of Harmanus
Bleeckcr Library and begin this weak.

REFUBL
VOTERS
FORM CLUB

Coolidge‘Supporters
Will Campaign

State College will take its place in the
1924 political fray with ﬁve hundred
other universities and colleges next week
when prominent Republican students
will begilt the organization of a Repub-
lican club to campaign with a slogan of
“t‘oolidge atnl crunmon sense."

 

. : 3 Il
Stratum, oI

I'Idmtnnl ll. (franc, a senior, made this
atmouncentent today on behalf of a non-
 couunittct: of Republicans. l‘dll'

izing- that the organization can not.

.tnse of its partisan nature, have any
otlicial connection with the student or-
organizatinm, Mr. (franc made clear that
his position as president of the associa-
tion is in no'way connected with his
political efforts.

“The club, when organized,“ he said,
” will begin a vigorous campaign for
Republican votes in State College.
Speakers of prominence will be provided
and literature necessary to instruct the
voter will be distributed. In addition,
each student will be apprised of the ab-
sentee voting law and all its ramiﬁcations
and will be assisted in properly casting
his ballot under this regulation.

State College's organization will be
one of the student clubs notv being or-
t ganized by the Republican National Com-
! mittee in about five hundred colleges," he

went on. “ Two lnnulred and ﬁfty thou-

sand students are being enrolled at pres-
ent in these Clubs. and approximately
l5tl,(ltltl will vote for President Coolidge
in November. State College itt entering
the ranks assumes its proper place in
the affairs of government and under-
takes what should be from every stainl-
poiut a proper antl progressive step."

Mr. Crane pointed out that students
who are twenty-one in many cases neg-
lect their right of franchise and that it
is particularly appropriate that future
teachers take an active interest in politics.
All students. whether twentymnc or not,
will be eligible for membership.

Two hundred of the ﬁve hundred
schools already have had Republican
clubs functioning for sortie time. The
rcmainint;r three hundred are perfecting
organization for an active campaign,

For preliminary organization, an ex-
ecntive committee of seven students, in-
cluding three seniors, two juniors, and
two sophomores is being chosen. he
executive committee will elect its chair—
man and will meet the ﬁrst Tuesdav of
each month. Other committees for pub—
licity, membership, ﬁnance, absentee vot-
ing, and speakers will be chosen later
when the club's membership is partly
enrolled.

Oil‘icial faculty sanction to organize
the club has been secured. Mr. Crane
said. Edward Enston. chairman of the
Republican committee in Albany county,
has been assisting in ‘prdiminary War
and in communicating vim mheNaﬁond
Republican Committee at Washington.

 

' ' man mawmcwsenm; lax..umékum‘a-mmvzé‘vﬂmmwmﬁnﬁth-N,»

 

