STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 31, um

 

 

 

 

Page Two
CENSOR BOA HD EXPLAINS ITS DU’lTIEH
ﬁt 12 n ma
  ___i It has been brought to the attention oflpleeuliar position pf having as its duty
'« , the Board of Ceiisors that in two in- “0 CC"50r§llD 0 COHEN" “CPS; IS
YOI IX 06' 31’ miw 0. 6 stances last week, a member of the fresh- charged With properly superman: col—

 

Publishcd weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the Nciv
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars
per year. Advertising rates may be had
on application to the business manager.

(Articles, manuscripts, etc., must be
in the hands of the editors before Mou—
(lav of the week of publication.)

Editor-in—Chiei
KATHLEEN E. FURMAN, ‘25
Managing Editor
Hannv S. GODFREY, '26
Business Manager
RUTH BARTON, ’25
Subscription Manager
Gwcnnomrn Jones, ‘25
Assistant Business Managers

’25

‘ l hlnf‘rﬂ’
ELisr. Bowen, '25
Assistant Subscription Manager

 

l'lEl.l~:N llAiiCLAv, ’2
Associate Editors 
lhomsm‘n l" - mm, ’25 i
'l'l"l.lv‘.N l’iiin‘! , '26 ‘
Jovcr: l'izasons, ’26 ‘,
MARGARET BENJAMIN, ’26
Reporters
SARA BARKLEY, ’27
JULIA Far, ‘2
KATHRYN lliazNis, ‘27
ANNA lx'orir, ‘26 
i

 

i

 

Emvm VAN KLt: CK, '27
Lonisr. Gunu, ’2 .

 

PARTY rs. l’llle‘ll'H") ‘

in these days nf political couleiitinii
one constantly hears heated arguments
\"birli almost ciilniinzeli- in real rpmrrels._
Party support is a vital factor in lllCi
political world, but when party siipport‘
means inability to appreciate the merits
of other parties it is biased and prejii—,
diced. in these days of ciilightmeut col-j
legc students, who have had every advan-.
tage to become hroad-uiiiidcd individuals,
should be able to appreciate and truly
estimate the value of opponents. Youth-i
fiil voters commit a serious injustice tol
their country in following the traditions»
of their fathers, apropos to casting their?
votes. In order to really vote intelli-i
gently one should study the platforms of
the various parties, and then cast his bal-
lot, keeping in mind the party’s past rec-
ord and the ability of the party's candi-
dates.
the various candidates is being afforded
Albany students. These students shouin
take advantage of their opportunities, (lo‘
plenty of thinking, and less talking, andl
vote intelligently. ’

t

 

l

MUSTC CLUB TO PRESENT
EVENTS TWICE MONTHLY.
Music Club recitals are held in the;
auditorium the second and fourth Thurs-2
days of each month, at 4:30 o’clock. Ifi
you like good music you will surely ‘
ioy them. Everyone is welcome. i,

her 23, consisted of two violin solos by
Mary Wenctawowiez, “Bcrccuse No. 2,",
Renard, and “Serenade Champetrc (lei
Boidiffref’ vocal solos by Zelma or-
man. "Absent," Metcalf, “A Savannah
Lullaby," Robert Baton; piano solos by
Jeanette Manville, "Pony Race," Tumil,[

 

“,Irnpromptuello," Sclimutz.

 

 

Excellent opportunity of hearing 2‘

‘ll

man class was aided in thc violation of
a college tradition by her junior sister.
Although this is admittedly a rare case,
the Board of Ceiisors takes this opportu-
nity to appeal to the sense of fair play
of the upper classes, in asking that they
themselves respect in every particular the
rules freshmen are required to obey.

It is generally accepted that the great
majority of State's students show proper
obedience to college tradit s Probably
most of the students realixe that frcsli<
men cannot be expected to obey traditions
which the upper classinen do not respect,
and they act accordingly. A few lA
less act's, iiureprcseutative of the.
majority's sentiment, however, minimize
this wholesome influence, The lloard of
Censors refuses to believe that the aver~
age junior sister would actually assure
her sister that it is "all right" for her
to enter college by the front door. it
has provided against a repetition of the
offense by the offending sliident.

The loan] realizes that it stands in the

   

r:

    

.- NU'l'lll'Ili “WHY”

Why did “’1‘ come to State? With all
tilll' respect lo the people who have told
us, we think they forgot one important
reason. None of them have S’Ilti. "We

 

frame to State to help Delta Chi initiate."

What would Delta Chi, of Albany Law
School, ever do without the
“scliooliiia'ams” as an audience for in-
itiation stunts? What girl could resist
the charms of i\ college on whose front
steps, some illlc autumn afternoon, a
haiidsonic young Delta t‘lii than might
offer llL‘l' anything from a bite of green
lollipop to a proposal of marriage, the
lath-r followed by an :ihjt'cL apology?
llraiuatir. presentations at any other col-
lege cannot compare with the Friday af—
ternoon entertainments given by those
saint: llclta Chi initiates, whether we
witnessed thcul front orchestra seats on
the I'rout steps or from balcony seats in
the library windows. Whether or not ire
thought about it when we filled out our
application blanks, we will all admit,
after the last two Friday afternoons, that
we are here just to help Delta Chi iii-
itiatc.

’l‘lll‘) UNION (lAMIiI

'l‘o—inorrow's football game with
Union freshmen at Schenectady looks
like a contest well worth seeing. Union
fr slinien, always strong, are at their
at strength this year. State College,
orts writers for the newspapers say,
is stronger than ever before and iii.
lcam's record this year hears this out.

it is a question whether college snp~
port is stronger this year. Certainly
loyal rootch were not lacking two weeks
ago when the [Film played in Albany,

 

‘lllllﬁ last week, probably because of the}

lllll‘l‘~'til'lll‘ily 'l‘ea, only a handful of stu-
dents were at. Troy ' hose who did go
saw {itatc play some of the best ball of
' s best season. Besides to-niorrow's
game there are only two others. no
of them is in New York city. The
oilier will be in Albany and nearly the
entire college can easily altend. 'l‘o-

cn'i morrow it is not as easy to attend thei,
for staying‘
.

The program of the last recitalY Octo-,ia\vay, however. l‘he football men may;

game. That is no reason
not find it as easy to score lint they are

not going to remain at home.

CHARLES THANKS _ STUDENTS

Charles Worthmaii wishes to express
his appreciation to the student body for
the expression of their sympathy over his
accident in the form of a ﬂoral offering.

future1

 

 

lege tradition enforcement, under Mys»
kaiiia’s direction, particularly in refer-
ence to underclass rivalry. Some organi-
zation such as it is, is needed and exists
in all colleges.

Yet a Board of Censors is most effec-
tive when it has to do least. This year
there has been little violation of rules.
The class of 1928 has shown general re-
spect for its Alina Mater's traditions.
The college generally realizes the dis-
tinction between sophomore hazing
diets and college tradition. It
stands for strict obedience of the
ilatter by every one. Button, cap, and
lfront door rules are college traditions.
The others are listed in the freshman
“bible,” and are familiar. Violations
must necessarily meet with punishment
to prevent their repetition. The most
effective preventative is the realization
by the oil'euilcr that he has merited his
college's disapproval.

(Signed)
'l‘l'lE l'lOARll ()li' CENSORS.

 

 

 

 

Chi Sigma Theta announces the lll:l|‘~
riagc of Marion Nowell, '22, of For! lCd<
ward, to Leo Hayes of Albany, Monday,
October 20.

Mr. and Mrs. Martin A. Thompson
have announced the engagement of their
daughter Frances Dorothy, of Chi Sigma
Theta, class of ’25, to Wadsworth A.
Garfield. Mr. Garﬁeld, Harvard, '34,
has sailed for France to continue his
studies in international Law at the l,'ni«
versity of Paris.

Mrs. Helen Conkliu Wooilran, 'Jl,
was entertained at the liein Zeta llHll-t'
, last week-end.
‘ Marion Farrell, was at
Omega house this pa. Saturday.

Beatrice Rhodes of Oyster ltay, ‘lll'lll
.the week-end at (iauiuia Knpp'i l’lii
house as the guest of ('atlieriue llll‘llllii“
liain, '26.

(ieorgia Koch, Margaret iVlcyt-r,

 

 

.To Present Comedy
Tomorrow Evening

liais, speeches, business, and amuse-
‘meiit will be the big points of the meet-
iing of the [Eastern llraueli Alumni As-.
sociation to be held at college Saturda .
Nnvmnhcr L The “mm”: '“Vi” begs, l;lelen Van Akcn were guests at llll' bin
at 6:30, with a dinner in the cafeteria,z“n,lmnsc,km WCCkTCHd'
iniaiiagcil by Miss 'l.‘liumpson. letwceni kappa Dfﬂiﬂ he‘d “5 mum“! Yul“ hlmw
‘thc courses Professor (Landlyn will take dance ml llmmy' ocmbcr 24' Mr' “Ml
gamma m. [he Singing Ur college 50”“. ,Mrs. ifarkcr, Dr. and Mrs. Sicwnani,
, The Spenkm win he Mn Vnn Cow-mud Miss Cobb were the chaperons.
principal of Schenectady High School,‘. Kiwi)“ Den" “Miami” INNS“ mull.“
and whims” \ankcr. A business 35, lundora Lampinaii, '17, .\l;iri:;ii'i~t
iiici-liiig. including election of officers, FUNKQZ ’hmcml “ﬁght if" “M
Wm I.Hllmvv ballicriuc 'l'aIiIu-r, ‘17. into fiil] tlli'lllln‘l

; ship.

At 8:30 iit‘lnt‘k this Advanced Ilra—
niatics class will give a one-act play for1 May l-C‘Vl-‘i. '24. was a guest at the
the students and the r.“\lllllltll As. ciatioii Klimt“ “Elm him“? “YCl' ll“? \VCt‘k‘W‘l
'” “‘0 “"‘mm'l‘mlr “‘15 lllny W515 Pl“:~ Carolyn K. Coleman, '26, spent the
week-end at West Point.

.‘iClllCtl two weeks ago at the junior-
lri-sluiian party. , . . ,,
i\lllll anipie, .17, has been \VCltZiilllL‘ll
’ _ into full membership by Della Omega.
H. E. DEPARTMENT WILL i llclta Omega will hold its annual
BRoADCAST HOME TALK ‘, house (lance this evening.

, The H .E‘ Dcmrtmcnt is arranging: l (.ainma will hold its annual lionsc

iwuh the tieucral Electric Company atidiU‘CL‘ [his CVlilllng-

:rcllps'ieelpltadgvforl:)roarncpstuig.a program. Helen Monk is now at home at the

5 Monday: In”? ,‘E ‘5' (ylylfi‘fit“'t"l‘lnh:fé'lgﬁm l'iihlc School coiivalcsuiug from her re—

. . ‘t . l _ ' . ‘nt . ' I
fro’ni \y. (7.1 Y. stationl begii‘inmg Nov-'Luif.::i;,rtlgnxlk “176 of Qi'hiuli‘irip

Cllllcr . aur running tirongi February 1 ‘ ‘ . ‘ 1’ A 7 Y ‘ . 1 ' '~-'

“lz. 'All trailkfs are cpntered around “Pro-  UK week-end “L “dbl 0W“
es on o oincniariiig.” A number of ' '

‘ t . \,, . I i - 

 : “Ill.” be given by members of 1110,atAlic‘ii)iuhiiékiizir’CffskiilcIIt um “HI U“!
n rapt. ‘ .Ltillllfillllﬁﬁ rstaff. Other depart“ l’si Gamma Alumnae. Associaiion held

 2):." 8.35:0éf‘iﬁ‘gé'd’liz1223:3283; i a meeting ill its chapter house on Madi-

ee  will he   was: sittissis saizrlriu..t'-'.at?r}.

'vpncc by the General lzlcctric Company. “1%,, 1,01,] pm wc'c’]. “ I H

. “Le first four talks are as follows: i ‘clcmmn" n], ~73 .md mph-m]

l “I’lou’iemakuig as a Professmn.” Bane), m- .i,];m',.,. “(WE “.1.(.]A_,.,"|
“Tulipsigning (.lnthcs \"llll the lfomt" guests at f'sikfi'nnin'i 'honsc l'lst WL‘Lk

' \V I ,. . . . . t. l
,, ' v ‘ I Qlll'l‘lltf ifoinaii, f the Ii 1 gv il ‘ not

I {nrliét‘llxthhclglélhll Should .1 Woman Spend mum. has rummwdnm h,.,.’,i:,‘,i,‘,.f, nib-r a

"i “Attractive ,liooks for Children." “wiggling: '(1iﬁflccss‘CV.-)g wont the past

i r V____ i‘week-ond‘at Kappa Delta Rho house.

I Alpha lapsilon PM was “at home" to

‘ A MESSAGE FROM THE 1 faculty and students from three until SIX

i ,,C0_OP,, lat her home at 39?. Scotland avenue, 0c-

Th “1' ’ H. H I ‘ ‘tober 26. Miss Goldsmith and Mrs. Kap-

- _  anagtr \iisiLs to thank both‘ laii poured at the reception, which tool:

,piolessors_aii(l illlthlllS for the stileiitliilttlic {arm at an afternoon tea
. r . . 4 I i .

‘glrllimﬁyrt  {ills far. an‘itv‘thdtnth’c;V Monica Walsh, 26, and Joyce Persons.
1 ,u l l .‘5 ("Cl “0 CO-OP [5 26. have been elected secretary-treasurer
nri‘ong'rp) tie‘stndents to keep up bIISi- and reporter, respectively, of French

1 iicsls]. "Clem pa debt still to be paid. lCliil), to ﬁll the vacancies created by “10

I ic o-op Aims to supply all collegei remgnations of lane Flanigan, ‘26. ilnll

Ineeds.1 .Now for suggestions! Holiday Mary Flanigan, ’26.

.PCTIO‘ If», filming-50 are the holiday A tea is being planned by the club for

lbooks. Give him a book." November 22

W, __ '24, llt‘llil

 

:iiul

 

 

 

 

     

 

  

 

  

.
l

