 

l
i

 

   

 

 

 

 

Page Two p r V
one woman Noun
Xe] VIII March 21, 1924 " No. 21

Published weekly during the college
ear by the Student Body of the New
or]: State Colle e for Teachers at
Albany, New Yer .
The subscription rate is three doi-
I'ars per year. 'Advertisin rates may
be had on application to t e business

 

manager. .

(Articles, manuscripts“ etc., must
be in the hands of the editors before
Monday of the week of publication.)

Editor-in-Chiof
Dorothy V. Bennit, ’24
Mlnaglnl Editor
Mildred Kuhn, ’24
Business Manager
Dorothy Jones. ’24
Subscription Manager
Ruth Ellis, '24
Assistant Business Man-[on
Hildegarde Liebich. '24
Lois More, '25
Associate Editors
Kathleen Furman, ’25
Florence Platner, ‘25.
Margaret Demarest, ’25

' eoortere
Helen Elliott, ‘26
Margaret Benjamin, '26
Joyce Persons, ’26
Harry Godfrey, ’26
Jerome Walker. ’25

“SPRIG ’AS COMB”

“Whether We look or whether we
listen—every clod feels a stir 0
might,” the poet says. Howeveruwe
wish those clodhoppers. who delight
in wandering over our campus.
look and listen to this. By all tra-

 

 

 

or
D

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 21,1924

Now we us.; cash other, from
whence could come a more inviting
undertaking? Why. even the Powers
on Olypus are watching intently from
their mighty‘posts and interfering
most favorably with the fate of the
children of men. So let's go to the
Job with all the enthusiasm. vim, and
conquering spirit there is in us.
Here’s a golden opportunity to make
use of that training we’ve been de-
veloping all these years in academic
work. an opportunity to search for
material, to exercise judgment and
thought. and then to express it all.

ome, all ye history majors and
minors, breathe forth your college
spirit in well-doing, and make your
lma Mater proud to call you “one
of her students."

STUDEﬁT OPINION
A STUDENT DIRECTORY

Can you imagine the prcsont tele-
phone system in Albany (or else-
wherc), and no telephone directory,
or with a telephone directory contain-
ing the names of about one-fourth
of the subscribers? Think of the in-
convenience ol' wanting to talk to a
friend in the other part of the city
and not being able to get her tele-
phone number. Of course. if you
know her address you might get the
number through Information, but let
us also imagine that information is
on duty only at certain hours of the
day, and you very much wont to com-
municate with your friend at a time

 

i when information is oil duty. The

inconvenience of such a state of of-
fairs is at once apparent.

Yet we have a condition somewhat
similar at State College. Herc pram
tlcully everyone is living in a place

‘lmons our campus '3 sancmm sanc' where there is a telephone and if one

torium.
but one you would have and have

It l5 "0" an arbitrary Wk" wishes the address or telephone num-

ber of a student, it Is possible to ob-

el‘forccd’ "ow "1°": than .‘my ﬂuff i tain the information from the College
“me or W"- Thcmfom' It aha (“loliice, but only during ofﬁce hours,
Also be '"forme‘l that tho 0".” campusiand that is just when it is usually
is not extensive it has four sides. that least needed.

is, a rear as well as a front and two
sides.
as also to Preserve the Grass.

PENDING TNTELLECTUAL
QUAKE

 

We trust the faculty will help “at is this:

The remedy i would therefore sug-
that the students or

State College publish annually, soon
after the beginning of the full sc-

mcster, a directory containing the

names, addresses and telephone num-

bers of all the students and the fa-

Much excitement, vast murmuringS. CHRY-

Horculean labors of intellect, realms
of hicrogiyphics. shouts of victory!

Such a directory would not only

be a convenience but would most ccr-

The history department has an op- tainly be an important factor In pro-
portunity to advance the interest in motlﬂg COIIGEU 8911'"; through it El'cul'

and of State College and the issue 0“ feeling OflmltY-
has been put up directly to this de- result

‘ 'I'his unity would
irom increasing friendships

partment to uphold its Alma Mater, through the greater use of the tele-

We all know that State College has phone.

Instead of the small group

not the wherewithal to offer to its feeling, there would be a grentercon—

students scholarships.

honors and ﬁnancial returns.

prizes, etc, sciousncss of belonging to the college

from which they may realize both group as a whole. I
Now college spirit would most likely be

'l‘li is increased

Fortune has pom-ed forth a gem from shown in all the activities of the col-
her cornucopia and has showered her lcﬁe, and “mt WOUM be a £00“ than

blessing upon our college.
put it up to the students to prove that

she has for State College, would it not?

We never have published a Student

they want the interest of men. and Directory. but of course that is not
women in their activities. so let's Sﬂylnlr that” it can not be done. In

measure up to it.
What’s it all about? .
tory department has heard in detail

and the remainder of college in gen- Shioneil- .
be overcome provuled one goes about t .

era]. but just for emphasis let’s rc-
peat: a prize of twenty-ﬁve dollars

fact. “it cannot be done” is a saying

Why the his. seldom-heard in this day and age.

Ono might almost say it is old-fa-
All sorts of difﬁculties can

it in the right way, and the particu-

has been offered to anyone in the Iili‘ diiiiculties to be met in this in-
history and government departments stance are not very great.

for a competitive essay on the “Rela—

The expense connected with such 11

tion of Education to Peace.” The publication would be small, and could
gift is an anonymous one and to be be met in any one of several ways.
presented on Commencement Day. A handbook of 48 pages containing
That’s all the story in a nutshell and the names and addresses of between
thus all the excitement. The faculty 700 and 800 students would cost
are most anxious and solicitious that about $100. for 700 copies. and $5
the students take part in this eontcst for each additional 100 copies. These
and to make the proposition even could he sold at a cost of 15 cents
more attractive and appealing. relief each, or the some large sum of 15

 

from daily work in certain courses cents could be added to the Student

has been offered to the competitors. Tax, and each student furnished a

copy. if said exorbitant sum of lo
cents seems too high it could be cut
down one-third by securing adVertisc-
ments, and the remaining 10 co
secured through sales, or addition to
the Student Tax.

There would not be an OVcrwhelm.
lng amount of work in getting the
material together. The names. od-
dresses and telephone numbers could
be obtained from the College .ofilce,
say. three weeks after the opening of
school in September. Five students,
elected in the 5 ring of each year by
Student Assem iy. could easily han-
dle this work the following your. The
students chosen should not be those
who are serving on the editorial staff
of any other school publication. In
this way no one person would be over-
worked. As soon as the list of names
is completed it could be posted on the
bulletin board for three or four days
for any needed corrections or addi-
tions.

To be sure there are a number of
students each year who change their
rooming places, but special provision
could be made for this by posting
these changes on the bulletin board.

Bi'ieily. than. a Student Directory
would be convenient. would act as a
unifying force thereby increasing
college spirit. would be inexpensive,
would require little work and would
be practical. Should ﬁfteen. or
twenty cents. be allowed to stand in
the way of such an obvious advantage
as a Student Directory?

M. ’l.‘. ’24.

3
a
an

A -PARABLE

Once upon a time a certain man
was sorely beset by his wife who
wanted him to build a house suitable
to uphold their proper dignity in the
neighborhood. iicr father had had
thirteen wiv v ' d many head of cat-
tle and it dist ed her that her hus-
band was so blilftloﬂs that they had
not even a house to shelter them.
There was nothing else to it. she was
determined to have a house.

So l'onjola. fearing the tongue of
his woman above all things. agreed to
build a house. He had very advanced
ideas of architecture. though he did
not know that they were neither ideas
nor architecture. and they chiefly
took the form of the beauty and
strength of the roof. So he began
on the roof. He spent weeks in
weaving rushes into the most compact
and storm-resisting roof that was ever
seen on the island. Every one agreed
that it was a work of art and very
finest roof possible. No one seemed
to think of the difﬁculty of getting
a house under this beautiful roof. un-
til it was finished and they were con-
fronted by the dilemma—it was on
the ground and there was nothing to
lch in. They tried to lift it but alas,
it was twisted and ruined in the pro-
cess and Ponjola had neither roof
nor house.

Once upon a time a certain school
was; sorely beset by its uppcrclass-
IIICIII‘WIIQ wanted to build a College
Spirit scitahlc to uphold their proper
dignity in the neighborhood. There
was nothing else to do. they must
have atColleu’c Spirit. So Ponjola . .

. c c. ’

 

    
 

 

A PLEA

State College Students! Since I
have come to Albany. I have had
brought to my attention very often
what others think of us. Never has
this opinion been complimentary. The
landladics of our boarding places are
disgusted with our indiscretions. As
for the atmosphere inchapcl, any
speaker can rightly complain of our
disrespect and lack of courtesy. But
the last case of a slur on our reputa-

 

_ “boomed...” . . _. .

tion came to me this Week when I

 

applied tor a borrower‘s card in one
of the Albany libraries. The librarian

first hesitated about Flvin it to me,
then said, very sweet y, “ lease noti-
fy us if you leave. or return your
books. We don’t like to distrust any-
one. but we’ve had very bad luck
with the ‘Normal School.’. The stu~
dents evidently go away hurriedly,
and We hear no more of our books.”
I am neither an alarmist nor a Mrs.
Grundy, on the contrary [ have faith
in the students. i realize that very
often the “evil is wrought from want
of thought" but if in State College
for Teachers, thoughtlessness can
not be minimized. what hope is then:
for thoughtfulness among "the peo-
ple”? I beg you. State College Stu-
dents. if you have no regard for your
individual reputations, at least. kindly
give a care to that of your Alma
Mater. B. M.—<'2ii.

DR. BRUBACHER OPENS
NATIONAL MUSIC WEEK
AS COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN

Dr. Thompson and Mr. Candlyn To
Take Active Part

Albany’s ﬁrst oillciul observance of
National Music week is to he directed
by Dr. Brubacher, who has lll'ifll
chosen from among twenty diil'crcnt
organizations to be executive chair—
man of the committee in charge of
the municipal event.

State College will be directly cun-
ccrned with the celebration not 0|in
because of Dr. Brubachcr's connec-
tions but also because of the fact
that college musicians will take an
active part in the observance under
the direction of Dr. Thompson and
Mr. Candlyn, both members of the
executive committee.

Virtually every musical club and
organization with a group of recog-
nized musicians in Albany will parti-
cipate in the events to take place
during the week of May 4, which has
been specially designated by proch
mation of President Coolidge. 'I‘ho
slogan for the nation-wide campaign
is, “Give more thought .to music.”
Dr. Brubaclier has been named to
translate this slogan into action in
Albany.

METHODIST CONFERENCE

Shall the north and south branches
of the Methodist church unite?

Is consolidation of all Protestant-
ism possible?

Where can youth
church today?

it is to help answer these and other
vital church problems that State Col—
lege has been invited to participate
in a national convention of Methodist
students, the ﬁrst of its kind ever
held, at Louisville, Kentucky, April
18, 19. and 20.

It is proposed that every college and
university in the United States where
any considerable number of Method-
ist students are enrolled will send at
least two delegates to the conference.
Plans for the selection of representa-
tives from State by Methodist stu-
dents here, it is expected, will get

serve in the

 

under way immediately.

 

 

 

 

 

