       
 
 
   

    
    
   
      
   

State College

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR, TEACHERS
ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OF l9l8

ALBANY, N. Y., MARCH 7. I924

 

Vol. Vlll No. l9 $3.00 per year

Two of Season’s Biggest Games Played Saturday in the Gym.

POINT SYSTEM FOR HONORl‘THE BOOR” TUESDAY lFIGHT TO DETERMINE “BEST MAN” BETWEEN
DISTRIBUTION DRAWN UP NIGHT IN AUDITORIUMi RECOGNIZED :ANTAcomsrs 0N BASKETBALL

BY STUDENT COUNCIL WW a      COURT-«RECORD crown EXPECTED AT BATTLE

i slan music do to a woman? Now the ‘
,secrct is out. there is to be real llus-,
' isian music at the performance oi?) ———«~———->~"-~»~W
Radical Ocﬁlianﬁ Islanned For i “The Boer” directed by Mrs. Raynier‘
me ° "3 1to be presented March _l.l. _ ’i‘hroei
A point system has been drawn up ‘ S. C. '1‘. stars are to be in this Dra-i

 

Interest Centered Al'mut Anticipated Even! of State's Basketball Season

State came olT the lloor of battle last week trailing a (LI to 22 score.

by l'hc Stu‘l‘lnh come” “it”: invcw‘ ' mane Class cxllibit; )IHCIC“  lint during; the last week of practice, State’s hoop shooters have taken a
“mm” Oi “mm” Sysmms 1" Otheril'lolena l‘lanm'm I‘ll’o‘" Llw‘m new lease on life and tomorrow night will light their “battle of the ages"

Co“'~‘l~’~'¢‘& 'l‘lu‘ WWW“! Ul' thiS “Stem i Vim-‘5 “5 Grimm Stol’movitc“ Smir' ‘ with the spcedv St. Stephen’s colleen quintet from Aiiaiidale-ondludson.
is to insure better iiiiiiniueiiieiit of all ‘ “0V, illlil Mul'a‘zu'et l‘l'zltml as lillkii. i ' ' '
Tlll'JllC Oil-With t0 lil'rVUlit social 'dCti-i Why there are even guns in the'1 Undoubtedly the game. tomorrow night will draw the largest crowd ol‘
vities interfering with scholastic ac- play, but no one need get exciteu‘the season. The friendly rivalry between the two colleges is at temper
tileCo‘ will to 14‘in more Monk! 11 because they don’t no oil‘. All outl,lieiit. State’s routers demanding an equalization ol‘ this season’s basketball
chance to hold oilicn. "Find out what happens to this per-lintercourse, and the down-state college followers cheering- lheir men on to
. . iplexod wouinan. iaiiother victory over State.
A tentative pomt system has been , am... a. .__ _ ,, _._...,. s ,, .. , 
(leviswi under which each ollice lI' ‘

H ‘ “ "‘ ‘ "W ” ‘ 3 f%}1\tu put \in {me oll'lits llfﬁii‘ liilflglfés
‘ ~ “ 0 Ii.‘ year 11 I llillli ii 0 ll (' ’ r ’ l'. :i
tidbit-“ii illiéi“:i.‘;t'i“‘mothit:FIRST INTERCOLLEGIATE GIRLS’ GAME isis.:.i:2.i:r.i"..ih rat's—"isn’t
involved. Olliccs are divided into two        1"“; him cast aside his "-055; Imus out.

00{ "or ’llS one came, a ens , and

inlain groups. Major ollices are those
W'IlClI are given six points or more. iis Wm] . for victory.
Minor‘olliees are those. given less than vs.     With“ (.anhin Jiwkett Mck in the
Elliogglgm'co(3:38:33"iiiiihcmighiyggi on". il'old, things are taking: on a slightly
“J ' ' i new aspect for State. and tomorrow
night’s contest should prove a ﬁtting
“Flgli'u‘lize‘ntl ‘Cgullff'l has tho S‘l‘mt'oni In view of the l'act that this will be the ﬁrst game ever stared at State Chmux_ m the 1924 mm“ ‘SGHSOP' h
0 " ’u’Mlm' ,‘bctwcen the e'irls’ varsity and an opposing college team. it behooves the 0013‘ch use“ "- “umbel of res '

Classes ‘I‘student body en masse to support the team actively. Dot Deitz of (i. A. A. iFUiglsg

 

 

 

 

"Yes," State College gym at 2:30 on Saturday, and we’ll need a piano
T] f n . _ I I 1) land half the gym.” 'l‘hus Russell Sage plans to invade the precincts of
w '0 "Wm’i 7’ a“ (huwn “9 y} State for the big; name to be played oil‘ at 3:00 on March N.

    
   
    
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
   
    

’ The Pedagugue
Editor-in-chict‘
Business Manager
Literary Editor
Photograph Editor
Art Editor

Joke Editor
Subscription Manager

Ass‘t Subscription Manager
Advertising; Manager

 
  

  
   
  
 
      
   

  
   
 

(Continued on Pace ’I‘wo)

   

    

owaawacwamciww

will lead the cheers and Louise Welsh the song‘s.

calm-e. Edna Shafer and
Edward Vina: Solailh

STUDENT TAX ADMISSION

The annual collca‘e concert in which
all the musical organizations of the
college will take part, will be held
in Chancelor’s Hal promptly at 8:15
Friday night, March 7. The assisting:
artist; will be Dr. Thompson’s sister,
Miss Helen Thompson. of New York.

 

 

of the freshmen class on the affirma-
tive side. and the debate will be
opened by Miss Ruth Colburn. Miss
Zinimermann will be the second af-
ﬁrmative speaker. Miss Fay is alter—
nate. ,

It is understood that Professor
Hutchison. Hastings and Hidlcy will
judge the debate.

TEMPORARY COUNCIL MEMBER

March 6, a person will be elected as

 

(Continued on Page Two) {

permanent freshman member.

President (except SeliiOI‘l bl - . a . ,  , . . . _ WW... , .. and Gold jerseyed ball tossers were
Kienior Class President; _ ‘ S ‘ nD{miggﬁgiﬁiDixg'n‘pz‘liSlal‘2fiéhpig. unable to keep. time with Bill Reid's
ICQ‘PI‘OSItlcllt.(CXCODIZ Junior) zl i bablc: Heincnmnn and Cm‘mock‘ for TIME OLD ANTAGONISTS excellent machine. Caton and Gainor
J‘UI’IIOI' Class Vice-Presulent 5 wards. “Check cantor. Wright and To BATTLE IN ASSEMBLY both were oil'. form and they failed
secretary 4 i Bomm’g guards: ' ’ 0N 30K PEACE PLAN to contribute their usually expected
'1 "C‘lsm'e" 5 All the team and the subs are 1111- ISSUE support to the Céll'l‘olun-Hol‘nunr: for-
gfpm't‘fr l  dcr strict rules this week in anticipa- ward eightilbinflgim‘ frigi'linort‘ller¥ sill
.1001. 40m“ I tion of March. 18. For this ame ' - ionico m an-o rom ie an y
soup; Leader .I Should have much to do in deteﬁnin‘ F!“ steal‘E" 0“ Bf‘h s'd“ Stone of Cplgate. and consequently
student Assochﬁon inc; State’s place among; college teams. 0 t e Qlwmon State had l'we Chance to work any
. President 10 After the came. the State varsity Backed by the accumulated data ol‘ "I ‘13 Scormg Plays' ‘
i Vice_PmsMcnt Hwill entertain at too. in the Green two \vccks’ strenuous research and _ By t'ar the outstanding performer
1: Secretary 7 I room, the Russell Sage team and the armed With briefs. facts and ﬁgures, lor State was Hornumr. He put up
i Cheer render 6 oﬂicials of the ironic. Dean ierce the supporters of the honor of the one of the best exhibitions of basket—
Son 1‘“ r 6 and Dr. Croasdalc will pour. The sophomores and freshmen class are ball Hamiltonians have seen this sea—
3 ‘e‘ 9 general arrangements are under un- today to ﬁg‘hl: it out in assembly. son. taking into consideration. of
i. Dramatic & An Auociation der the direction of Muriel Daggett, The question of the annual debate course, the odds which were against
 President 8 ’24. classic this year is “Resolved. that him. Sports writers. who “covered”
; Secretary 5 -—————- thek limited lSﬁltateus should adopt the ﬂat]: gammtall gave gornung‘ consider-
, H. , _ o eace an. a e men ion or is agressweness,
,  f1;    The negative side. which is upheld which is shown by his scoring" of four
1   H by the Class. of ’26. is headed by Miss ﬁeld baskets, despite the fact he was
_ Mum: Al.ociaﬁon ALL Mary Flannie'an as ﬁrst: speaker. she guarded by ‘:D]Ck” Wasserman,
 President 8 , will be followed by Kenneth Mac- rankch as a leadan guard in Eastern
'15 Secretary 5    Fairland‘and Miss Isabelle M. Plude. collegiate basketballdom.
_‘ Treasurer (,- MIVSS LOISIImml 1% ﬂltel'nate- Carrolan exhibited a good brand of
Member 4 Cantata. Lullab‘y;—vfo"n and Banjo. (ant Pause WI" represent the men basketball for State. although he was

not; quite up to his usual form. Mur—
phy made his debut with Coach Ween
ner’s charges and played a fairly
good some at forward. Shirley and
Davies also helped to check the Col-
gate rampage when they were called
upon. Captain Juckett played for a
few minutes. but was handicapped by
his sore hand.

“Bug's” Liverniore, left Forward.

 

Ass't ” Manager This is the ﬁrst time in four years APPOINTED BY FRESHMEN was the individual star for Colgate,

The Quaﬂerlv that Miss Thompson has played at a Georgiana Maar. ’27. has been ap- malilng‘ a total 0? SGVCMCC" Pnlnls
F” I. .1 ._f 9 State Collapse concert. She Will play pointed by Class President Coni- from eight field and mm foul goﬂlg.
A" 1,01illlfcllt ,7 two groups 01- piano solos. stock to ﬁll the vacancy in the posi— Dun-"g the limp while jack Dom"
‘ 5“ {‘Ii'tm ‘ t . The women's chorus, which now tion of freshman representative oni ' ' '
Busm“ .qummm . (3 numbers 110 members, will sing: three the G. A. A. Council. On Thursday, 1 Albany boy on the Marco" tum"
Ailvel'tl‘i‘l‘i‘s Mimi‘wl' (‘ groups of songs. The ﬁrst will be

inlaycd, he swelled the score by eight;
. points.

