COURT SEASON OPENS WITH UNION lN ALBANY

State College News

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS

 

as: at V_ no},

SCHEDULED
FOR GAMES;

Teams Tgmke Tripi

15 OUTFITS, ’ 

To New York

State College will play a fifteen game
basketball schedule this fall, opening in}
Albany, December (i. against Union:
College's Vaisity five, the athletic man—
agement announced to—day.

John F. Gainer has been elected cap-
tain of the team and Harvey t7. lit-inter,
’35. is manager, Coach linker will have
charge of the training. Practice will
begin immediately following the close of
tie. football . 'Stlll, November l5. The
schedule is being completed this week.
it will include games with varsity teams
of New York and New linglantl col-
leges. in january there will be a three
or four game trip to New York. The
season will continue until about March 1.

Despite the loss of several first string
men through graduation, ('aptaiii Gaiiior
believes prospects are good. The fresh»
s is said to contain some ex-

 

 

man
perienced material. Many of the old
men are still in college.

Negotiations were. under way this

week to secure the use of the Albany
lllHll School gymnasium for home eon~
tests. bill this is not assured. 'l‘he l-ligi
School court has been used in previous
years. Last :«L‘ilStltl games were played
in the college gym.

ALLEN WINS OVER JONES
IN FRESHMAN BALLOTING
FOR VICE-PRESIDENCY

t'larrnce Nephew was elected presi—
dent of the freshman class at a meeting
followiiu.r .'\sseuiiy. last l’riday. lirivin
.-\llen defeated (' lotte Vlones in a rim
for the virc pl't‘ leiicy, ()ilier officers
of the freshman class are: Ruth Lane,
secretary; ltutli .\lnore. the third, treas—
' ,ack Dobi'is, reporter:
manager of men's athletics;
Strong. member of G. 1. A.

  
  

    

‘<

to.
'ibeth
t'mnicil.

Nominations for cheer and song
leader were as follows: Cheer leader,
Emery, Bacile, Young, Castle. Seeger.
Doughty; song leader, Biilseu, and
lx'abie.

'l‘he elections were conducted under
the supervision of Alice Daly and Flor—
once Craddock, Myskania members.

 

COOLIDGE AND “TEDDY”
WIN NEWS' STRAW VOTE

Calvin Coolidge was elected Presi-
dent aiid Theodore Roosevelt, Gov-
ernor by the students of State in the
college straw vote conducted by the
News this week.

When the polls closed, the Re-
publican party was far in the lead.
The results follow: Coolidge, I64;
' Roosevelt. 166 ;' Davis. 33; Smith, 46;
Lali‘ollette,

 

 

 

ESTABLlSHED BY THE CLASS OF l9l8
7' ALBANY, 7N. Y., '0

STATE PLAYE U

 

ALUMNA WILLS $10,000 TO
AID NEEDY STUDENTS

Miss Harriet Donaldson of the
class of 1872, who (lied September 3.
has bequeathed to State College the
sum of ten thousand dollars, to be
known as the llarriet Donaldson
Fund. The income from this ftind is
to be loaned to needy women students,
upon the same terms as the other 2
loan funds ,

 

 

Math Club to Hear
Lectures On Lives
of World Leaders

:\ Special meeting of the Math, (Iliib
was held 'l‘lnirsda)’ afternot‘ni, October
3.3, The main purpose of the meeting
was to vote on several new names, all
of which were accepted. lx‘nth f‘iildie,
‘Jti. was elected treasurer in place of
lilt-auor Krieg. who did not return to
State this year.

The time of the meeting has been
changed from the second Monday of the
month, as has been the custom, to the
first Thursday of each mouth at four
o'clock in room 201,

The club is planningr a series of ice-
tures on the lives of great men in the
’ttl'ltl of mathematics. 'l'liese lectures
are to be given by the members of the
club. llesiiles these lectures the program
committee is making arrangements. with
the aid of in. l)cl’orte. faculty advisor,
‘to secure outside speakers who will be
‘of interest to the science departments as

 

.
Ewell as to the Mathematics Club.

The Mathematics Club this year prom-
»ises to be interesting as well as instruc-

‘tive. and the members are urged to co— I

 

operate in every way possible to make
this one of the best years in the history
of the club. /\ good attendance at the
meetings and a willingness to take an
active part when asked will make the
club alive and successful.

iCLARKE, HURT IN GAME.
1 OUT OF SPORT FOR YEAR

Definite abandonment; of hope that
llill Clarke, ‘27, first substitute center on
the college football team, will be able to
play again this season has been made by

lthe football men. Clarke’s jaw. broken
. in two places in a scrimmage last week,
:will be under physicians’ care for two
‘. months, during which time he will be un—
iable to take part in football. The ac—
Jcident occurred in practice at Beverwyck
park. The extent of the injury was (lis-
icovered and the broken jaw set the fol—
'lowing day at the Albany Hospital.
lClarke has been able to attend classes.

IMPROVES AFTER MISHAP

As a result of his mishap October 20,
Charles Worthman is conﬁned to his
home on account of a severely bruised
and sprained foot. This injury will in-
capacutate him from active service
around college for some time.

i
i
|

sea; i624“;

 "$‘3'.00:'",§;£"§Z§T

 

AT DORP T
AFTER

Battle To 6-6 Tie
At Rensselaer

to what proved from the beginning a
highly spirited and evenly matched game,
State College Saturday afternoon held
the freshmen of ltensselaer l'olytechnitz‘
Institution to a (1-6 tie. Nephew of Statei
received the hall kicked by the opponents
and ran it back lt‘ll yards. Several Ulltt‘l"
gains followed. State now kitked. the
ball reaching center.
was blocked by the freshman.
second down they gained three
Sage now kicked the ball but it was

On the}
feet. l

\.,

 

NioN
OMORROW
WEEK’S WORK

Acclaim Team’s Re-
cord As “Best Yet”

MANHAﬁKN NEXT

 

State (‘ollege’ football team, at the
top point of its still following its bat-
tle to a 6-0 tie with R. l'. l. freshmen
Saturday, will meet Union College fresh-
men to—inorr'iw afternoon at Stl’lcc‘
it will be the fourth of the six

 

tally.

State's first ilownjgame schedule.

lacked by the best record of the col—
lege's three years of intercollegiate
football, the eleven will face

 

I.
w

brought back to the twenty yard lincﬂont- of the most difﬁcult of the sea-

Soon after the opening of the second
quarter IJeshro blocked Sage's punt. rc—
covered the ball and ran twenty yards
for a touchdown. llpoti State's first
down l\'. l'. l, fumbled. Crawford liastily‘
tackled two of the freshmen, thus clear-

iiigr the way for (iilchrist who recovered'

the ball and ran thirty yards for a touch-i
down. ;
ltensselaer kicked at the opening of"
the secniid half, but their hall was

son's battles tomorrow afternoon.
The Union freshmen are reported
strong and in former years have al-
The

ways: produced good squads.
team, hmvever, is conﬁdent in its
ability to give the Electric City

 
 
 

and a jolt.

Baker and Cap-

the team in
scrubs and

eleven a surpri
This week Co.
tain Roberts worked

scrimmage against the

brought back to States twenty yard lineumwmht [he Alba"), Acmlcmy elm/c".

Sage again kicked and on the next down
State rained three yards. Another down

imme iater followed and again there‘aftei'nooii,

was a gain for State. State began the
foiirlli quarter by kicking the ball be-
yond the forty yard line. lx‘ensselaer car»
ricd the ball back some distance and oh«
tained their first down. Although they
gained eight yards they lost by fumbling
the ball and State through a forward
pass brought the pigskin to its thirty yard
iue. The remainder of the game neither
side could make considerable gain and as
the concluding whistle was blown they
were observed still fighting at center.
Lineup and summary follows:

  

 

 
   

 

   

 

lNo scrimmage is scheduled for this
but there will be signal
.practice. The team will go to Union
illlfllll “(N)” [UlllUl'l‘U\V.

Next Week the eleven will play Mati-
hattan College at New York city. Nov-
ember 15 the schedule will end with the
Springﬁeld Y. M. C. A. College, the
strongest outfit on the list.

.-'\ct:ording' to those who have followed
1 the football outlook at the college closely,
‘ the team this year has played better foot-
lhall than any of its predecessors. The

State Position 12. l‘. l. Froslli

“Hymn”, _ ‘ , , t I I . _ I r r p I . t ‘ ' I I H [tuck' Worcester game ﬁrst demonstiated the

‘ﬁ _ It. ioutfit's possibilities \Vorcestcr had
lrl‘th'W‘l - t I - t  31‘- ‘ - - ~ - ~ » r - - u Mnlti scheduled the game as the second on its
“use” ' ' v r ' l ~ ' . I . . I I I I I . H Shapiml seasoit, anticipating an easy Victory.

t ,States eleven, however, held its oppon-

‘Roberts  . . . . . . . . . ,. Nicholsleiits to a 7-0 score. Worcester was

.r . . C D I lobligcd to keep its entire first squad on
"mum ' ' ' ‘ ' ‘ ' ’ ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘  ’ ‘ ‘ ' ' ‘ ‘ ' " 65)“) the field throughout the game. Last year
Knczyuski . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Prentice Tet" “'0” 39 to O-

1 I L. ’l‘. _ The game the following week with

i . .

iGrﬂmm - - ~ - i - t - - i ~ - - I - r. BYDHSOH Colgate freshmen, resulting in a 33-0

L. .' ' _

 --------- --Q- -.. ------- --  SS:“52.32::.‘g“‘t:§f;f:f§:t§fm:‘:.mitt.

lCantwell . . . . . . . .  . . . . .. La :Moyncj of the heaviest teams in the east and at

!N I R- H- B- H ,1 ttiincs this year have rivaled their own
“9 “3w ' ' ‘ ' ' ' ' ‘ ' ' ' ' ' ‘ '  ' ' ' ' 6' mm” varsity A one year athletic ruling eﬁec—

l H. B. t . " '. .

isagc _ ' ‘ _ ' V _ _ _ ‘ ' . ~ _ I ' ‘ ' _ . _ ' H coughnng two this fall at Hamilton has kept the

i F. B. tfreshrnen from the varsity squad.

; Touchdowas—Gilchrist. Dcsbro. Sub—t Saturday's game with Rensselaer

iStlttltiOnS, for State—Gilchrist for. freshmen was also a step forward. The
Nephew; for Fresh, Cairidio for Hell—‘ R. P. I. yearlings are thought to be

. . l .
iman. metals—Referee. Draper, Wil- stronger this year than last, although

liams; umpire, Benson, Villanova; head
linesman, Jones. Time of periods—10
minutes.

 

then State played to a 6-0 loss. The
R. P. I. freshman outfit was recruited
from a class of 410 men.

 

