 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 8

 

STYVTEILHVTVEHRSFPY’DHEVVS.FWRIDMCL

MAY 24. 1963

 

The Burning Brand’ Provides Penetrating leek
At Weakeniiig 8. collapse of a Man’s Mind

by J. A. Gomez

Cesare Pave", THE BURNING GRAND:
“ARIES 19454950, Walker 8: Company,
368 "L, 37.50.

All is the same.
Time has gone by.
Some day you came,
Some day you'll die.
Someone has died
Long time ago.
Pavese

In 1950, Cesare Pavese was
awarded the Stega Prize. Italy's
highest recognition of literary
achievement. Two months later
Pavese calmly took his own life.

More than any other figure in
modern times. Pavese represents
the man haunted by self-destruc-
tion. Like the metamorphosed tree
in Canto XIII of Dante'slNFERNO,
he spits forth the blood and words
of his own agony.

Suicide is an Implicit theme in

many of his works. In Among Women
Only, it becomes explicit. The
most powerful and painful discus-
sion of this idea. however. occurs
in his journals. which were re-
cently published under the title of
The Burning Brand.
Fragmented

Pavese probably never intended
his journals to be published. For
rather than present a conscious-
ly produced record ofhisthoughts,
he offers a fragmented dialogue
with himself.

Entries range from unclea r
clauses and personal notes to well
thought out patterns of ideas.

His style changes along with his
use of tense. At times, he pre—
sents straight forward firstperson
narrative. On other occasions, he
addresses himself in an admonish-
ing tone.

Part of this change in style
serves to intensify his deep pene—
tration into the black abyss ofpro—
longed introspection.

 

tion.

commissions.

 

 

why eat hamburger when
you canhave filetmignon?

Hamburger is good but filct rnignon is better. Some
fCIIOWS in college work for meals. Others work in stores
and offices for wages they are ashamed of. The lucky ones
sell Great Books and—with a little bit of luck and per-
severance—become B.M.O.C. overnight—or at least
after getting the first few orders.

The Great Books Sales Organization understands the
needs and desires of college students. 'I'
Senior Vice President Martin A. Jolson—began selling
books for the company while attending George Wash-
ington UIIIYCl'blly. He had a wife and child, tuition, books,
and room and board to pay for—-in short. he needed
money. No, he didn‘t write 100 orders the first week—-
just one. The second week he got two and a paycheck for
over $I00. He continued writing orders, making money.
and got his B.li.i;. in 194‘).

After getting sortie experience in the engineering field.
he found that selling Great Books was his first love and
returned to it full-time. In I962, Jolson was appointed
Senior Vice President iii charge of" the Great Books
organization—the )oungcst man ever to hold this posi-

Under Jolson, Great Books is anticipating the largest
expansion program in its history. This means that ex-
cellent openings are available mm particularly for surn-
incr work by college students trainees who quality can
expect to earn up to S tilt) the first month and $450 by the
second month with stead) increases thereafter ilii addi-
tion, they \Mll gain poise, and learn how to handle
people—all of which are saluable assets for arty future
job.) 'I'hose \t ho qualify and do partrtime selling during
the school year \‘Iill also be eligible to share in the Sales-
man's Annual lncentite l’uritl . . . a bonus plan that makes
it possible for you to earn up to $1,000 in addition to

Those interested in full or part-time careers as a Great
Books representatiie should contact the local Great
Books office or \MIlC, phone, or VHIC collect:

Director of College Recrurting
Great Books of the Western World
425 N. Michigan Avenue

Chicago 11, Illinois

Phone St51202
Dist.0ffice Alb.
area,9:30AM to
12:30PM-Monday
& Tuesday.

Senior Vice Pie-watch!
Marv Jolson

he 'I‘op Man-

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cynical Aphoriems

Often his entries take the form
of somewhat cynical aphorisms.
“One stops being a child when one
realizes that telling one’s trouble
does not make it better... Atfirst,
power served ideologies; now
ideologies serve power."

Other entries deal with politics.
sex. love, criticism, and the auth—
or's own works. His duscussion of
literary works are often fragmen-
tary in form.but stillexhibitafirm
critical mind.

Proof of Pavese’s powers as a
critic can be seen by the reaction
to his interpretive essays on Mel—
ville, which were recently trans—
lated into English.

Suicide Main Topic

The main topicofPavese's jour—
nal, as mentioned previously. is
that of suicide. In an early entry,
he attempts to explain his suicidal
urges.

“I know that I am forever con-
demned to think of suicide when
faced with no matter what diffi—
culty or grief. It terrifies me.
My basic principle ls suicide. nev—
er tobe committed. but the thought
of it caresses my sensibility."

In a frightfully short space of
time, the above certainty about
neve r committing suicide dis-
solves into possibllty. The chance
of possibility soon grows into pro-
bability, and finally into actuality.

Lint Years Tortured

The entries of Pavese's last
year are especially painful. Read-
ing these inner thoughts of this
tormented human being is like
looking into an open wound.

One can only sympathize orem—

pathize — or both. “It seemed
easy when I thought of it. Weak
women have done it. It takes
humility. not pride. All this is
sickening. Not words. An act.
I won't write any more."

it I! e

Many thanks to Mr. Robert Bell.
manager of the (‘o-(ip, who gra-
ciously supplied this book for re—
view purposes.

NOTICES l

PSI GAMMA

President Marlene (iilliswishcs
to congratulatc the now officcrs
last

 

 

who were installed Friday
night. A picnic was held Monday
night in honor of the seniors.

ll a rba ra McCo'rry, (ii‘ rt rude
.\It~rikc, and Jean Merrill Wi‘l’t‘ also
initiatin on .'\pril ’28, (itmti luck on
final examinations!
CHI SIGMA THETA

'l'hi- Senior lliirirpict was lit-Id
Sunday at -litf'k'f~‘i, \llll'li‘llii llftllt’l’l
was sworn in as l’r't-suli-nt lleillll*
going I’rcsidi-iit .lcan llitt‘IH. Hilu-r
officers to lli' HHWI'II WI‘I‘f'Z
l’i‘t~i—;., lirirliar‘it \\:iiti|; \it-cri-tar'y,
Ilianc Konnigi’it; 'I‘rt-:t.s;,, |’:ti (lilll’
way; lltHlHi‘ .\liiri;igi-r, l-"lairii- \'.'il—
i-ntirio; Songli-adi-r'. 'l‘t-ri-ni- l.ltiil-
slcy; lat-triti-rri, Janis Manny; Ili~s~
tor‘iun, .\l:tri:i \liliildt‘lj lltitlHt‘
l’rtesrdcrit. Graci- ('iirlitirii-rri; \l~
umni \‘i‘f‘., \rmc flight-y.

l'bt‘ \liirriiii lllllf'lli‘tifl
hi'lil .it .liir'k's (ill \iitiirdiiv,
.t’itli, at 2:00 p III.

't'li‘t‘

will in-
May

Peace Corps

The iii-xi l’i‘ar‘t-('or'lHpliir't‘rricrit
cxarriinations wrll bu gum” .11“... g.
1963. 'l'hr' “'5”! Will he In tho \liiiri
lmst Ufllt‘t! litiildirig in the .'\lli;iny
area.
SUO
'l‘lii- Strait-iii l'riiori t irg;iiiil..ititiii
rctpii-sts that all those [)l‘tillll‘ who
have lifti'l‘UWl‘ll pt‘ltiii-i li'tit'ri lllt‘
Sitiiltcnt l‘riiori filfir‘r‘ I't'ltli‘ll lllt‘lll
this Sunday, May 36th. You may
turn them in at the ‘s'tiiili'nt l'riirin
(illicit “tith‘t-ll (hill) itlitl 7:00, and
all fli‘.[)0.SIlI-I will bi- returned.

Sodomy I

Iiumor has it that last Friday
night some of the Kama] Bawds
reverted to the perverted animal-a
istic stage of actinglike our canine
friends; they Were “experiment—
ing” with a new barbarous dance.
(‘ortland obviously left a lasting
iriipressiori on these ptaome. How
sweet was ll"

Text of Dick Kelly’s
Ivy Speech

Tlre Iollowing is the text of flee lvy Speech delivered on Moving Up Day, May M,

"63, by Dick Kelley.

This institution has grown considerably since its birth as a normal
school in 1844. Today itisauniversity — soon to make a daring move
into the future with a sprawling new campus and a student body of

nearly ten thousand.

This change through the years has been made possible by many

people

—— administrators, faculty. and students who have triedto

improve this institution and make it a better place in which to study

and mature.

.-\ university can be evaluated from many points — its campus.
its athletic record. its social life — but the most important thing to
any university is its student body — for along with faculty, the student

body is the university.

We think of ourselves too seldom as first and foremost State Uni—

versity.
focus of our identity.

Instead we allow the group to which we belong become the

Many unfortunate incidents have marred this year — incidents that

reflect upon the university and therefore upon all of us,

For we must

remember as it has been written — “asa single leaf turns not yellow—
but with the silent knowledge of the whole tree. so the wrongdoer can—
not do wrong without the hidden will of you all."

We should consider it an obligation to improve upon the situation
into which we entered. ()ur conduct. our dress, our actions on and off
campus should reflect thc highest ideals of the university. We have a

proud he ritagc —

a fine record.

Next year will see our graduates

continuing their cducation at such institutions as (‘olumbia, Michigan,

anti Harvard.

Our college is well represented and respected at con—

fcrcnccs attended by universities across the nation. \nd who can help
but feel Vcry proud when he socs a stunning. tearful co—cd from this
university capture the hcarts of an entire city. We havp a great deal
of which to l)t‘ proud —— but we must look to the future — for the future
holds the answer to the all important question....will this institution

become a tinivr-rsity in actuality"

We must be willing to give of our time and ene rgy to build for the

future. .\s the poet has said “You give little when you give of your
possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give."
The futurc holds Lin incxhaustiblc potential — will we endeavor to

foster an intcllcctual climate, will we do all we can to make this uni—
versity all it is capable of l)f’lng..,fit‘ will we remain apathetic and
(liSllllt'I‘t‘Hlt‘tl and lot nature take its course.

'l‘wr) roads iiivvr‘gc in our imnii-diatc fiittir‘c . . . , ,.

Will we one day llf‘ lellt‘

liolii-rt Frost.

to say as did the great \mcrican poet,

“ \an both that morriingurpiallv lay
In lciit'i-s no stop had trtiddcn black.
()h, l kt~pt thc first for another day!
Yet knowing how way h-iids on to wav.
l (li)lll)lt‘ll ill should ci'cr come back.
[shrill be tolling this with :i Sign
Sorta-whore :igi-s and :igi's hcnr'i':
'l‘wrr roads diverge III :i \‘t'iiOtl, and l—~
I took lllt‘ oni- lt-ss' ti':i\'i-|t-d liv.

\nd that has Iltlttlt‘ all the dill'i-rt-nt'i‘

eww~ Moritrs »-~—

ll

 

 

Phi Beta Lambda

'l'hi- .iriririiil l’hi lil‘lil liiriiiiiia
lianrpii't yum llt‘lfl \iay Bil, liltili,
at I’hil's Sit-tilt liHIIHI‘ Irr'. \lil

tori (‘, Olson, ghost Hpt‘llkt'l', was
llllt‘ittltlt’t‘tl by flat-k / iriiriit-r, l’rt-H
itlt'fll

'l'hi‘ ru-wly irthalli-d oflir'i-r's for
ltlfiii~ii4 arc: Linda \‘t'hyliind, l’i‘cs
idi-rit', 5IIZEIIIIII‘ llltiitlutl, l'dt‘rll \Ilt‘t‘
I’rcsidont; l)(iI'IIIIIt‘ \N’illiariisim,
Second Vlt‘t‘ l’rcsidcnt; Phyllis
Narrow, (‘oi’ri-simndirig Secretary;
lMIIIHi‘ Mt-(‘itr'rii-y, lit-cording Sm”
rutar'y; and (lorry 'I‘crdirnari,
'l'rcastirer.

Brubuclier

lri I‘t‘t‘i‘lll elections, lllt‘ lolliiwmg

WUIIII‘II worn t‘lt’f'li‘tl iii'iii-irr‘s til-

IIriiliacht'r‘ ll.ill liir liit' lflfiflsfisi
school Yt‘itl'.
'l'hose clot-tied \N’t‘l't‘f .liiuriric

Soliik '65. president; "\Illlt‘ flight-y
’66, Vice president; Marcia Buch—
anan ’65 and Karen Hot‘k '66, co—
ordiriatoi‘s; Lola Idol '66, set-rt»
tary; \‘irgiriia Krarriiek ’66, treas‘
urur; Marium 'l'asbjian '66, sports.

\lso, Doris Young'fiﬁ, publicity;

.sattdy Donaldson ‘65, historian:
Sturdy (‘ushriian ’66, conirritinica-
irons; and llilb‘tfltti‘ (‘ipullo '66,
music.

Brubacher Party
lii'iiliiit'hcr lliill Will lth\’t‘ .iri iii—
irir'rniil tlitli‘ party tonight from
tlztlti lti l3ztiti pm. There will lli'
llll‘ l‘t‘Hlili'ilf‘l‘ loungi-
lit‘fi‘i‘siliriii-nlri Will be

dancing in

iii i'i-i‘tir‘ilH

Ht‘t't’t‘fl
Circle K Club

lllt' i‘ii't‘li‘ K (‘liililii-Iililli‘i'iitriis
for lllt' llllliiil‘irl Vl‘itl' on May l7).
l.ir'r'y .'\irit-.~i ‘ti? ‘s\'.'l.‘1'l‘ll'i‘ll'tlpl't‘Sl—-
rlt‘lll :irirlliill finggiri‘fii‘iwast-li-i‘ti'il
\'l('t‘ prosidi-rit.

(In .'\l;iy ‘21 the lltllliWItlg IIit‘II
Wt'i'i‘ iiiitiiiti-d Ililti lllt' r'lltlt :iiid
[ll‘t‘I-it‘flli‘tl wtth ilit‘lf‘ pins: \lttin
Iiadci‘, lt’tilllil‘tl Iii-rgiri, 'lorii \l‘
Will)”, and Mir-haul Itorrikowski,
sophomores; also Ivan (‘aiiutcson
’66 those Ilit‘ll were chosen on
lllt‘ basis of tit‘lltlt‘llllf‘ and scr‘vici-
t‘IAIIItlitlIlli‘t-l.

Thievery

Recently there have been several
instances of thievery iii the dor—
mitories. particularly in Alden—
Waterbury. Students are asked to
look their doors and to take every
precaution with money and vul-
uubleo

Any information concerning this
problem should be referred to the
Student Personnel Office

 

