  

PAGE 2 Son of S.U.N.

 

Still Initiates Nice Editorial Policy lCommunications

We, the non-existent editors of Tho Son of tho SUN, wish
to enunciate our editorial policy.

We are the friendly paper on campus; as a result we
are allowed to appear only once a year. This year
we have worked especially hard to think of friendly
things to say.

We wish to commend Food Service for its excellent
meals, its hospitable climate for eating, andits friendly
policy toward student unions.

We wish to commend the janitorial and maintainance
divisions of the staff. We have always encouraged
dirty and icy sidewalks. They have many beneficial
side effects which most unfriendly people ignore. First,
the dirt helps support the sale ofshoe polish. Secondly,
the ice encourages the sales of bandages, health in-
surance, boots, rubbers, galoshes, track shoes, sand,
salt, shovels, and pills to control exited nerves.

We wish to commend the administration for its newly
found highly enlightened policy about immorality, blas-
phemy, censorship, and suppression.

We wish to compliment one of our more active fra-
ternities for its support of our team at the Cortland
tournament, not to mention its upstanding behavior and
hymn singing. Those students willing to support our
University’s team are clearly different from their less
active fellow students.

We compliment the liberal new attitude in all of our
irreligious clubs. The Oldman Society has been es—
pecially active this year.

Most of all we love our governor, wherever he might
be today. We admire the way be has things working
down in the State Capitol, the plant which manufactures
presidents.

SIIN Discovers Anti-iis Plots

We the editors of the Son of the SUN are probably the
most deeply religious group on campus. There is
never a full week when we do not uncover another
agent of the communist anti—God conspiracy.

Every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday nights we
have prayer meetings. These meetings have become so
popular that they now have to be held in the local
stadium. The speakers we have had read like a roster
of the radical patriotic lunatic fringe.

We have instituted rifle and hand grenade practice
sessions on Friday at dusk and Mondays at dawn, When
there is heavy fog we are able to hold our meetings
during the day.

Our evangelical spirit has continued in the face of
all adversities and opposition of the courts. We have
distributed our leaflets and pamphlets on street cor—
ners. We distribute them from door to door.

This door to door method has proved to be one of
the most admirable weapons of our group. One school
teacher who refused to listen to our advice was so
hounded by our agents that the stupid liberal lost her
mind.

Our efforts will continue. We will not be suppressed.
We will continue fighting for our basic freedom to
destroy such communist inspired theories as freedom
of the press, of speech, of religion, of expression, and
of petition. We will not be stopped by anyone.

We will fight on following the leadership of our hero,
Generalissimo Chiang Kai Franco. ()iir leader is the
only man in America who knows right from left and
wrong.

We must not be led astray by slick politicians who
promise things such as progress, (io right and stay
right.

We Are Ilotf Responsible

For The Words
ilr Actions lit

llur Still——
The STAFF

To ttio Editor:

As an Albany motorist l feel
that the student body of Albany
State should be made aware of the
situation they are in at this mo-
ment.

Early last fall i purchased a
Volkswagen. One morning, how-
ever, I was trying to get on Wash-
ington Avenue from Lexington,
when I heard what I thought was
a herd of elephants approaching.
Upon looking up I found that I was
in the path of 200 Albany State
students on their way back from
classes in Detroit Annex.

Several weeks later I awoke in
a hospital bed. I found out that
the friction of so many hundreds
of feet trampling over the roof
of my car had completely melted
the vehicle. I was completely en—
cased in approximately twelve lay—
ers of Volkswagen. After under-
going extensive scraping antipeel-
ing, 1 was finally discovered to be
alive and kicking.

I have nowpurchasedan armored
car (truck?) to drive when I am in
the vicinity of Albany State. lhave
also issued requests to all Albany
motorists to watch out for State
students. They have been asked
to definitely & allow any students
the right of way when crossing
streets, to cause them as much
trouble as possible by splashing
them, and to come as close as pos—
sible to hitting them at all times.

i have also started an award,
known as the Elmer Fneurd Volks—
wagon Memorial Award. This
award will be presented in June
to the Albany motorist with the
highest number of points for caus-
ing accidents to Albany State stu-
dents.

l feel obligated to warn the
student body to be on guard, be-
cause the motorists of Albany are
out to win the award.

Elinor Fnourd, AD.

norrcr H J

 

Common Stotou

The Common Staters announce
that after long and serious intro—
spection, Self study, and self—ex-
perimentation cures have been
found to many diseases.

The diseases included are foot-
in-mouth disease, flat feet, v.d.,
eiphantiasis, lepracy, the common
cold, the uncommon cold, the rare
cold, the still rarer cold, the well
done cold, Egyptian toe nail dis-
ease, i)r. liood—itis, and smashed
liVers.

MYSKANIA
NIYSKANIA announces that you
do not have to be recommended to
get the highest number of votes.

Duplicating Office
The Senate sponsored llupli-
eating Office announces that due
to the growth of supprgifioli, no
duplicating will be done on Thurs-
day night, with the exception of
sumsﬂm-

suppression
The editors of suppression. who«
ever they rnightTmh 8 week an-
nounced that iirmed guards will be
placed in front of the duplicating
office on 'l'hursday nights.

prrnuion Gourde
The suppression guards an—
nounce that the local (:hiipterofthe
John liirch Society has offered to
loan them pistols and tear gas
for their Thursday night vigil.

Furnitun Colloctou

A local group of furniture col-
lectors announce that their pur-
pose will be to collect old furni—
ture and to manufacture out—houses
from the wood.

The name of this group Will be
the Birch John Society.

 

 

 

sinnhol

 

"M is for the million things..."

7 The Common 9
' STINKER ’

l“l‘.ili'l'llllli'\' irivc come :1 long way since last year‘s State Fair.
They have iiii‘iicil their thoughts inward to justify their existence.
(iiit oi this his conic many constructive iiid worthwhile activities.
lust yc.ir iritcriiitv paint crews doused everything in sight, including
thc [)l‘l'lSlVli‘S. ibis year, we can tell by the new look of the li.\ll. that
painting IS .i thing of llll‘-]).iSl. 'l'his t'c.ir's ‘llllil‘iidt‘ll is to enhance the
l'nivci‘sitv iiii.igc liy exhibiting our school spirit licforcoiir slate—wide
bi'cthi'cii, \\e have liirthcr proten our maturity by scll imposed pun-
ishments (biil l'l' ill the fine print), i’ledu‘nig, loo, ll.lS taken on it new
look. last \'i"ll‘ pledges wcrc degraded by “curing outlandish outfits,
causing disturbances in uncommon places, .inilc.ii'i'yinggiildfish, which
we liopc won‘t bc i midnight snack, iroiind school, line may see this
\’l'.ll‘ lll.il plcilg'ing ll.l\' iii-conic it‘lllllll‘il c\'pcricncc, \vliercliy it pre-
pares ibc pledgi- to nn-ei llii‘ intellectual icvcl ol his future brothers.

l'liis vcir \lll'Hl'llli‘S tried second scmcslcr rushing. This proved
cmiiirrissiiig lor lillllllii l\'.ip. ('hi Sig's storm troop methods in the
liii.il iii-ck icndl rc.illv paid oil .is they look Ill c\ci'yonc who wasn’t
for iii-xi yc ii‘ ‘.\'I' sliggcsl lhlll li/ install
.i ilircci linc luciuccn their two Illlllli'l' tildes, so tli.il :ill factions will
kiiou \\lio lS being l'llSllI‘ll. Sig l’lll'S new look \\\is‘ llicii‘ doii—Wﬁirself
corsaigcs. l’ci'soii ll <r‘l'\'|<'l‘ \\ is in order .ll l‘si Ham's formal dinner.
\\liv did somc \\ Illi‘l‘S lc.i\'c c.ii'ly" \llhi'nigli lacking someone at the
licliii, lill u is llill‘ to bring in i Slll‘llllt' class l’lii llcll might try to
.ii'i'.iiigc i pii'lv lictwccn their pledges .iiid those ofSl.S, for weare
sure iii if ibcrc irc ciioiig'li logo ii-oiiiid. Sig \iph found that hard work
roipi-il its ouii i'c\\'irils.

 

spoken lor old then \llllll‘.

\loiig '.\|lll licconiing i |llll\'i'l'S|l\'_ \vi- |i.i\c lt'(|lill‘l‘ll numerous new

publication». liiere .Il'i' i'llili‘.l\'iil‘S by religious groups, clubs and
[)l'l\’.lli' organizations. l'lioiigli iioiic of those cclipsc ihc prestige of
llic Sli',\, llic \\\l \l. lll’ \llSl~ l.l'l'l':lt\liY \(‘l-lll‘fVlCKll‘IN'l‘ \\\/ARI)
goes to suppros ' i, thumbs down. \iid upon llic State University News,
wi- Iii-stow tlic l5 \l.S lit i \lli) \\\ \lti) for conscientious reporting.

('ollcgc students have long been known to bcciithnsizislic proponents
of lads. Some students demolish pianos in their spare time, while
others siiiil telephone booths. Students of the State i'niycrsitv of New
York li.i\’c discovered a new way to waste iimc: li‘cks to the State
(‘;ipitol. \\c envision no end to this wonderful pzisstime. Next yea-r5.

g 

NEVA/yﬁﬁwg ATﬂﬁﬂ/'/T/ZZ . . .

 

f‘ H‘ -. La. ~-

Among the many modern features of the recently opened Comp
Dipplkill is the new fluorescent lighting pictured above. One
of the few flows can be seen by turning picture upside down.

Students Mourn Loss of Cronbach :

LlSl Best Quotes to

n is With deep Sorrow that we The new few pages are perhaps

\\‘c can cli.iiiipioii the ban—llic—lioiiili movement and march to Washing—

ton wiili l.lllllS i’aiiliiig or advocate Nixon for President,
incidentally, in closing, you may be interested to note that the
(omnioii Sizilcrs liavc just published a new book entitled, “How to

\i in Friends and influence l’coplc.

 

 

Crou Country Toom

Air it .\i Ki'llh, chairman of
ihc (‘ross (‘ountry 'l'cani announces
that thc team wrll begin practicing
this Monday at 3-00 pm. The first
exercises will be ice floe leaping
oli iliil'tii flclil.

This will be iollchd by :i pipe
smoking and mustache growmg
contest

'l'hc Wllillt‘l‘S will be given bids
to l’ollci' ('liib lillil \lpha l‘i \lplia
fraternity, ll they are still here

VISUA

'l‘hi- i'niversity radio station an—
nounces that it is a branch of the
iidn‘iinistriition. or should we say,
faculty. Also, it will continue to
play only that music approved by
the. Music (‘ouricil and Mitch Mil—
er.

ModicolOfiico

The medical office announces
that the doctors feel that the cur-
rent epidemic of pregnancy Is
over. Also all empty or partially
empty medicine bottles should be
returned since a new 50 gallon
tumbler of (‘epucol has arrived.

Nowmon Club—CCC
Next Tuesday, the (‘ampua
(‘hristian (‘ouncil and the \‘i-wnriri
(‘lub will hold ii joint meeting
The late .’\1 Smith Will illsi‘ll‘iu
religious bigotry in the 196i} l’l'csv
idential campaign.
liingo will follow the niccting
A raid by the local police may u!
may not follow the bingo

iFC
in a recent meeting, the inter
Fraternity (‘ouncii came out
against sin and evil; and for iiiotii
era. the Girl Scouts. the Iiov
Scouts, virtue, goodness, and lllt'
UAR.

Foul Content

Potter (‘lub anni’iunci-s that ll
will sponsor is foul contest this
weekend, The new Student \sso—
ciation bus will be used to trans—
port the participants to (‘orilaiiii
or Fort Lauderdule.

Members of all fraueriniies are
invited to participaue, The (icon
of men Will be the Judge.

now the passmg Of an Old 3:“! be- the most difficult in the book.
loved friend on ourcampi— eone, Brace yourself‘
the only, the immortal Cronbsch. ~ p. 44

it seems a new edition of The
Great One Is to appear at State
next year. The terrible tragedy
is that generations yet unborn will
never know what the first Cronbsch
was really like.

So, we of the Nowl, have deigned
to perform a great service for
posterity, and will print“The Best
of Cronbaeh below. Also. in order
not to break up The Bobbsey Twins,
selections from Wattenberg will
also be printed.

Of course, we caution the reader
that these quotes do not make too
much sense out of context. But
then, they never made too much
sense in context.

Tho But of Cronbodi
There are more bright children
in lower-class families than in
middle-class families because the
lower class has more children.
p. 139
i

Mop The Mystics

 

Sig Phi’s yell
Ring the bell!

Everyone Can-
At State Fair
Visit
Newman Club’s
Booth

At State Fair

Guess Who Has

The Opening Show!
Phi Delta!

 

 

 

 

The teacher must seize upon the
moment when readiness is best...
The maxim was stated neatly long
ago by William James: The teacher
must “strike while the iron is hot."

p. 220

In every teacher's life one of
the really exciting moments comes
when he sits at his desk in an
empty classroom and waits for
a strange group of pupils to make
their appearance.

p. 116

Tho Boot of Vottonborg
With this chapter, we shift the
focus of our attention.
p. 393
With this chapter, we begin a
new part of the book.
p. 277
Tim...ii boy who In mostmatters
was fairly uninhibited. One day, at

ISPP Outing (flub's'
| Boot Ii l

Come to y

l

The “Z “Races”

. .. .W-v
' .‘r .‘ .- u.;,.».,,~~u~wm...___ H y,

Miss I nphorms

Son of S.U.N. PAgE III

pi... DON‘T MISS THIS MOVIE

An interview earlier this week
revealed the plans for the Student
Union and the Student Union Or—
ganization on the new campus.

Miss lnphorms announced that
the Student Union will occupy a
room sixty feet by sixty feet.
This room will extend from the
base of a building up to the top—
a height of three normal stories.

In this case, due to a drive for
economies, the room willbe twenty
or thirty feet high. No floors or
ceilings will be included, in order
to reduce cost.

All organized bodies seeking
space in the Union will be given
a certain amount of square feet.
The State University Now: was al—
lotted 72 square feet. A system
of ladders is being considered.

The Snack Bar will be eleven
feet wide, but two and half miles
long.

A plan to have 21 Publications
Board Office is still being backed.
One problem is that no one is
willing to accept the responsibility
for the curtain hooks. For this
reason no organization has re—
served this space.

Inimorlulizc Book

age twelve, he was engaged in
horseplay with a girl cousin, and
he ignored orders from his par-
ents to stop...Suddenly. he “felt
funny"....
p. 282
it was hard to believe that An-
nette Yentz was not Interested in
boys. She went out on dates, but
had no feeling toward her com-
panions. Of course. in a free
country a girl has a right not to
be attracted to men.
p. 201
To be sure, the loss of a parent
is bound to be felt In one way or
another.
p. 187
During the teen years youngfolk
may encounter trying problems in
the area of sex.
p. 290

Mrs. Blush founditlmposslbieto
keep the two men from arguing...
One evening. Paul called his father
“an Intellectual prostitute." The
prostitute." The older man or—
dered the boy out of the house.
saying he did not have to put up
with “any more bolshevlk lies."

p. 322

if consideration of ideals makes
one uncomfortable, there Is yet
another easy solution: Don‘t think
about them...liv keepingbusydolng
nothing. any tendency to worry is

crowded out
p. 323

ll ii if

Wiii

A motion picture that seems to
me to be very much underrated
is Tarzan, tho Jungle Boy, In tiio Halls
of Montezuma. The picture was
originally subtitled:

Film [and in on uotorlc
toward both, world relations
without summor resorting to
pace. corpus.

but this was abolished, due to
pressure from the marquee mark—
ers' union.

However, it's not the title, but
the film itself, that counts. in
the present case. there is a great
deal of hidden meaning to be found

Faculty Selects
Preferred Books

This week your intrepid, in—
sipid book reviewer did a bit of
research on the books which the
faculty deems worthy of reading.

One of our favorites is llr.
Shivers, lfdiication, who chose Tho
Tropic of Cancer: illustratnd. She
enjoys quoting parts of the illus—
ti‘zitions at parties, l-‘or some rea—
son she has been invited to more
get—togethcrs since she has added
this volume to her repertoire.
She is looking forward to the pub-
lication of Tropic of Capricorn \viih
iii-movcable Slides.

lir. 'l'hoi‘ncy has been studying
\lrican tribal custoriis lately. The
novel which he is now intciisivcly
studying is Bush-Beating. ilr.
l‘horncy told nic llllS about that,
“l have learned miny useful tccli—
lllfliii‘S ii‘oiii Bush-Breating.‘I
iinknoun iwnclictor has
s‘i'ill \'iiliil’tic i\\'ool ilic Appreciating
Art Series; the Nickel Hamburger
Stands, 0 Study of Carroll's iii\lr
l‘ ll. (‘o\\:ir<ll\'. \rt \lr (‘ow.iril~
lt' s.iys that his book his been of
Its pages fill ihc

\itlnli‘

ui‘iuil use to llllll.

holcs in his klli’lll‘ll i.ible \'ci'v
wcll, lic says

\liss \Ill\', liiiriry. winlcd to
l‘i'l'lilllllli’llll lltiilll l'.\I‘lll\' books lo
Hyi'; lilll l ll.i<l lll l‘i‘lllsi- lii‘l’, lli‘~
f'.iil\‘l' most of tlicii; li,i\‘c Scotch
lapc oici tlic inlcrcstiii: [lil'lS

\l\' l.isl illlI‘I‘\'|i'\\ 'A t< iiilh \ll'\
l'oiii, l"i// l'd ‘lli‘ u lllli'll lo Iii
oiiimciid :i bool< ili.il slll‘ hid iiis'
.\l‘llli‘ll lli'l’ liriiilx’ l’w How to Keep
the Number of Dncn's List Students

to a Minimum.

Hope You A re

Better, Baez/er

u Prize
5

 

'See You At The
PSI oAM

 

TAHSO!

Gamma Kappa Phi  You to‘See

TEAHUUSE

 

“Scuttle Unsupprcssed”

L —-ll| llic (‘UMMolﬁﬁl

 

Minutes of

No Waiting

 

r  to-lcoiiiii'im—zo

From 8 ’til 10
CONTINUOUS

in this symbolic parable.

Adopted from Book

Adapted from the Burroughs'
novel The Boy Aviators’ Under-
seaplane. the plot has been changed
very little. It remains the story
of Tarzan’s adventures in search
of an Ancient Aztec kingdom, fin-
ally discovering it in a deserted
bomb shelter on the outskirts of
Mexico City.

Thrills and chills abound, as
our hero (played in the best Nob-
le Savage tradition by Johnny Crab-
be) encounte rs difficulties that
could have been overcome by no—
one else.

Most of the credit forthis should
go to the director. Douglas \i'ynd-
ham—Griffin, for his superbly con—
trolled pacing, and to the anony—
mous editor who, though unmen-
tioned in the credits, wisely con—
tributed some imaginative editing
of the highest order. in fact, it
is his brisk cutting that keeps the
film moving at a fast clip.

The scriptwriter also does a
good job. Much ofhis dialogue will
undoubtedly become classic (par—
ticularly outstanding is, “Look,
ilwanal Footprints! "l,

Good Portorrnonco

The supporting cast is uniformly
good, although hardly of the call—
bre to be found in Shootout at One
Horse Flats. The role of Ernest
.\lltheway, the 69-year—old white
hunter who is currently hunting
a white giraffe. is played with un-
due finesse by Rock Madison. This
youngster clearly shows a great
deal of latent talent.

Another good performance is
turned in by that fine character
actor “Twitch” Miller. As the
\\atusi witchdoctor who challenges
Tarzan to a dual duel, he stands
head and shoulders above the rest
of the performers.

Mention should also be made of
the effective fight bctww-n Tarzan
and the 60—foot tiger that guards
the entrance tothe lost (‘ity.

(During the thirty year interval
the members of the (‘inematics 82
class at nearby Sigafoos—l'niver—
srty hadcontributed lhi"ll‘Si‘l‘VlCi‘S.
Services \t'crc held last month for
these gallant souls — rumor has it
that, while building a hugc, sarong
shaped volcano fora .lohn('orridor
film, they fell into it convinced,
by the realism of their creation.

that they \\‘i-l'i' falling iniobiibliling
lava, they panicked, boiled and
\vcrc nevi-r Si‘i‘ll again, liiit, l
digress.)

l‘o iiiyoiic \tho has sci-ii ihc
llllll, or i'c.id this .irliclcloi'bothi,

ihc iiizinv philosophicpoints rended
by this film are most likely ob—

VliillS, \s for llliis‘c Willi llili'i'
lli'lllli'l' seen lllt‘ illlll nor rcad
tlic ll'lli'll‘, \vli.it diflcri-ncc docs
ll make" A ‘_ —
l A l E l A l R

 

CAlllilllllS

 

 95

 

