 

i
l

 

 

 

PAGE 2

library lli Pigeons?

Thank goodness Spring has finally come (get your
umbrellas ready, though; this is Albany). Now we can
finally get out of that little brother of Grand Central
Station we jokingly call a Library.

Just forget about getting any studying done in the
upper library. If it isn’t the flickering lights—of which
a few work—it’s the noise. At least once a day there
is a grand tour conducted for those freshmen who
have only had the tour four times already.

Then, there are those considerate people who dis—
turb the whole table by discussing who they saw with
whom or what wrong assignments they did. Lately,
there has been an additional distraction — people
climbing all over Hawley. We can’t decide if they’re
repairing it (we hope) or tearing it down in prepara—
tion for moving to the new campus.

You can forget about the lower library, too. That
is, unless you think you can get anything done in that
crowded cellar.

So, at last we can go outside and do our work ~—
but watch out for the ever—present pigeons.

Communication Services Available

It’s a wonderful world that we live in, one where
we can pick up a telephone and talk to someone 10
or 10,000 miles away in a matter of seconds. Telestar,
jets, and superhighways all serve to facilitate com—
munication among people in this diminishing world.
But what about our own expanding world here at the
university? Do you realize how many communication
facilities are at your service?

There are the ever obvious ones of the telephone
(but not after seven in the dorms), the sidewalks or
Lake Minerva “Morass,” Friday’s S.U.N. and sup—
pression, the student mailboxes, bulletin boards, and
now a couple of recent ones.

WSUA is one of the recent additions. We have man—
aged to listen in on several shows even though we are
not dorm inmates. The quality of entertainment leaves
little to be desired as far as quality and versatility
go, but we hope that some technical improvements
can be made in extension of transmission and clarity
of signal.

We realize that Waterbury and Alden will be de-
prived of radio service until the closed—circuit cables
are laid into these dormitories, We realize that this
is no fault of the station personnel, and is due to the
bureaucratic red tape which sometimes threatens to
smother the college.

But we do hope that the station personnel would con-
centrate on improving what they already have. WSUA
broadcasts from Lower Bruhacher, but we could only
characterize the reception in Brubacher as adequate
at best. A distracting roar in the background unfor—
tunately accompanies every broadcast.

These difficulties may be inhereint in the trans—
mission system itself; but we do feel that if anything
can be done, it should be done as soon as possible.
Otherwise, you radio “hams,” you seem to be doing
a tremendous job.

The other addition to our communication services
is one that if properly utilized can be of great benefit
to a large segment of our student body. This addition
is the dormitory mail delivery system. Anyone wishing
to contact a dorm resident merely has to put their
message in a clean envelope with the, person’s name
and dorm and leave it at the information desk. We hope
that students will take advantage of these services.

 

 

State University NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IDIO
BY THE CLASS OF IDIB

 
   

NEWS BOARD

DAVID JENKS ............................................................................ ..ED T R. .
me LASSELLE .....e'..°c..ill‘.cs*l'55
JOSEPH GALU ...... .. .............Monoglng Editor
CHARLES BAKER. ...Publlc Rolotlonl Editor
ANDRA DONALDSON  Future Editor
LINDA MCCLOUD ..... .. Assocloto E ltor

MCOLGAN..... ports E ltor

” Business Editor
 Consultant Editor

     
 
 

LIN P. WHIT .... ..  Com It i Edit

KAREN 5 HEINMAN. Circulation-Eucharist Edit:
CLIFFORD RUGG ........ ..  Advortloin Monaco!
OLIVER BEAUCHEMIN ................................... .. Consultant Tochnicol uporvlsor

EDITORIAL STAFF

Assistant Editors   .Poulo Duloli, Eugen. Toboy

 
 

Phat to  .... "Torr Rolll , Poul Bochorz John Mo or
Duli d tors..........................................Joon A forty: Sally Hcol , Pistrlclo Jovyvol
Reporters ......... ..Jocquollno Adonis, Bornlco Avlso, Edith Hot y, Koran Kootor
Richard Poi/Its, Patricio leudzlowslii, Klt Rorog, Joann. Soblli

Columnists ............................................ ..Puul Jonson, J. A. Gornu, Gory Lucsolt

TECHNICAL STAFF

Aunt..." Tgchnicol Supgrvloor ...................................................... "Susan Thomson
Technical Assistants .................... .. Claudio Colbert, Judy Conger, Donno Nolan.
Linda Stacy

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 29. 1963

 

 

[ NOTICES l

The Schenectady Opera Guild.
Inc, a newly formed. non-Pmfit
group established to encourage the
performance of grand opera in the
Schenectady — Albany - Troyarea.
intends to present a 1963 season
of three operas chosen from the
following: LaTraviata, Carmen.
Tosca, BarberofSeville, and the
MarriageofFigaro.

Mr. Fred Patrick of New York
City, director of the Lake George
Festival will be the producer-di-
rector of the Schenectady Opera
Guild 1963 season.

His company of young singers
made up of members of' the New
York City Opera Company and the
Metropolitan Opera Association
includes: Norman Riggins, Ar-
mand McLane, Jeannette Scovotti,
Nancy Williams, Calvin Marsh, and
Mary Ellen Pracht. The orchestra
will be composed of professional
musicians of the area.

Proposed dates for the series
of three operas are the last week
in June, the first and last week in
September.

Committee members will be ap—
proaching the community with ad-
vance-sale season tickets. Sus-
taining membership of $25 offers
six tickets, 2 per opera. Sponsor—
ship of 350 offers six tickets, 2
per opera. Patronship of S100
offers twelve tickets. 4 per opera.

There may be special rates for
students. For further information
about the 1963 season, contactMrs.
Kenneth Rose, 28?. Sheridan Vil—
lage, FR 7—1037.

Library

The Alumni \ssociation of the
Albany Library School invites all
interested students and faculty
members to attend its Second An-
nual Colloquium to be held on Sat—
urday, April 6, 1963.

The guest speaker of the after-
noon will be Mr. James E. Bryan,
President of the American Library
Association speaking on “Librar-
ies and the Educational Process."
The event will take place in the
Alden—\l’aierbury Dining Room and
will commence with a luncheon
at 12:30.

Sigma Pi Sigma

liighi members of the State Col—
lege chapter of Sigma Pi Sigma
(Physics Honor Society) attended
the installation of a new chapter
at Rensselaer Polytechnic institute
on Saturday. March 9th.

Students attendingwerc Royce if.
Coon, Russell W. Dilllhilm, Leigh
.lzincs, Eugene l’ittz, Francis Mc-
Carthy, and James Vclton.

Dr. Andrews and Dr. Story Assist

Dr, C l., \Iidrews and Dr. H.
S, Story were among those who
assisted lii'. Marsh White, National
lixeciitivc Secretary. In the lllSlill-
lution ceremonies.

Activities of the day included an
open house iit R.P.l, Science (‘i-n~
ici‘, tl talk on “Physics and [)Is-
armament" by Jay ()rear of (‘or—
“1'”, and :i banquet in (‘allnhan‘s
Restaurant III Trov.

Dean's List Additions

The following students shouldbc
iiddcd to the Dean‘s list: Barbara
.J, liochiiiiik, Dinni- ll. ('hittcndcii.
N I fill l’. llownrth, l’.It I'Ic I :I H
Moore, Raymond 1.. Rogers, l’I‘iiIik
\. llyi-I'soii, ticrullliiic Sr'hleifci',
John Schneider, l‘:l‘lllli‘ \\', Ziegler

English Evening

l‘iic Springl'Inglish Evening Pro-
gram w1.l be held on \pril 3 ill
7:30 pin. in llrubacher l.owci'
Lounge. lir, 'l‘ownscnd Rich, Dr.
Francis ('olbev, and Dr, Walter
Knotts will speak on "The l,it
Scene."

Hill-l

(in March 10, the officers of
Hillel for the coming term were
elected. They are President, Hill‘-
I‘lct Rossoff ‘66; let vice presi-
dent, Jo West ’66: 2nd vice presi—
dent (‘ynthin l6merson'66; 3rdvico
president, Ellen lung '66.

Also, recording secretary, Shel—
Icy Levin '66; corrcsmnding sec—
retary, Vivian Shulnian ’66: and
treasurer, Brian llibnk '66.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"Give my regards to Broadway: Romcmbor me to Herald Square.
Tell all the gang at 42nd Strut that I will soon be there. "

GONE is THE SNOW. . . .

With the advent of spring in Albany comes mud, bicycle-riding
urchins, love. and last, but not least, the choosing of Frosii Wimp
Counselors. Let’s hope that this year’s IMPARTlAl. committee
realizes that the qualified people do not exist only in lili‘lllif‘sl
sorority," Blue Angels, and other such organizations. lets do.
hope that “Sitting Bull" and other similar characters of iiiii!  -.i:l!
get their deserved wampum and not be stifled by the 2.0 amt”. lilii‘fll.

OH, or THE WAY. . ..

Speaking of Fresh, we have heard that a certain Class L'”..i"fll.lll
and ex-Myskie was a trifle annoyed at not being tendere' t.'i en-
grayed invitation to the first Frosh class meeting. Seems the «imp
people never grow up and face reality. Remember, we tlll l' ‘ts‘l in.

“grand old seniors” eventually.

LAB?. . . .

Biology 125 has struck again - only this time with .i jl't lll'Jl
application. it seems that Some Lewd Sons knew a good lilllt'llv‘l' who
prov1ded them with a necklace whose quality was measured it: or: hes

rather than carats. Rumor has it thatthis Same Lucky 50(‘ti'li‘ ~ g! iii»
ning an exclusive roof party at their mansion to celebrati- “l' w W:
du Printemps."

DIS IS NEWSI. . . .

Two records were broken over the weekend. A Proper ' " iii-h
was taken when a quorum for an initiation was present i' ‘ ' :'<'
attempt; a certain brother covered the distance from lot ~ i'?‘
Lake to Alden in record time. A Cute Soph is now spu- "lik‘

sprinter’s hardware. Looks like (‘hi Sig chalked up one r- 
to their score in the tug—of—war.

EXCALIBER AND ENMITY. . ..

Chivalry is dead, and one of the Knightly Brothers provi-ii
the Union. Since when has a brother worried about :i motiici
who live in glass housns....

NEVER SAY DIE. . ..

_ Do junior girls have hoof and mouth disease" ()I' (“'4' in!
just shy — tsk, tsk, poor babies! The usual few jollv 1W
going to be "golden" this weekend — while they pay lid" l"
classmen's play. Tickets have been on sale foroVei‘ .I new
few. have been sold thiit it hardly seems worth the deple’
junior class treasury, What tireck could afford any urn-be"
less Billy Moy’.’ From our observation, the people who .tI'i‘ :.
tire saving all their “gold” for the Aegean weekends to 
bad, you’re going to miss a great time.

7 OF THE WEEK... .
Has anyone seen or heard lrom the K.K.K.—oops, we mean MYSKANIA"

College C a/endar

8200 tum,

 

 

lvﬂi'lf'tjller'r’ltle forty. . . . a»
l"01i.sh ()omtvlml ' ‘-’ "T

Saturday
WOO *‘c 9:15 p.m. Ira............ 
10:00 pm. Junior f’rom..........

Schine—Tcn Eyck

Sunday

3:00 p.m. 1T”

Jazz Concert. . . . . . .L(>Vl“l'

Wednesday
7:30 p.m. English Evrning Prournr.n

Loy“, j' ."l'U.

Fri M
¥T¥50 a.m. Easter recess,.,.iiead I‘M"

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWSI FRIDAYI MAEQH 29.1%: PAGE Q

Production lit ‘linnio’ Involves illaii Problems

Chaim Anil Vitality liversliailovi

by Harry Guy

Each year State College Revue
produces a musical. The show is
student run, having no faculty help
in either the selection or the final
production of the play.

This year’s musical poses many
problems. Annie Got Your Gun is a
tough show to produce for three
reasons: (1) the plot is the slim-
mest possible. (2) some of the
songs have become all-time pop
classics. and to revive them suc—
cessfully the songs mustbe neither
sugar—coated imitations or absurd
experimentations, and (3) the show
needs a vibrant, dynamic and very
versatile actress to play Annie.

Warmth and Vitality

The show itself had a certain
warmth, a certain spontaneous vi-
tality which pushed the action from
one scene to another.

From the moment Annie Oakley
fell in love with Frank Butler until
she captured him, the show was
almost always charming. l say
"almost" because it dragged in
parts. andcertain parts were ever-
done and unnecessary.

The play was presented in such
a way that we were always cons—
cious of Annie — whather reaction
would be, what she w0uld do, etc..
which was a very validapproachto
the play.

Sub-Plot Ineffectuol

But the sub-plot, the love be—
tween Winnie Tatc and Tommy
Keeler, seemed somehow glossed
over as something unimportant.
it was neigther good nor had; it
was just ineffectual. However, i
feel the fault rests in the original
play, not in the production given.

The musical arrangements were
magical. Every song had a dis-
tinguished quality. Each song
seemed alive, not sentimental or
emulative.

One arrangement, however,
seemed a little too dull; the first
time they sing. “Show Business,”
there were only four characters on
stage and the curtain wasclosed. it
seemed such :1 meager set—up for
such a rabble—rousing song.

But for the remaining songs,
quality Wits at its best, The most

beautiful song in the play - “ Moon-
shine Lullaby" —— was simple, but
moving.

"Annie" Steals Show

(‘onstzince \iiiclio stciils thc
whole show: us the star of tin-pth
she rules all the .lt‘lltill. \liss
Amelio's jwrfoi'niuni-i- was (it'll-
czitc, spontaneous, and W.l l‘ iiilv
wonderful.

From the bcgiiiiiing with lll'l'
entrance in r:Igs until the close
In hi'l‘ “low—cut-IIi—the»fronl" red
dress, Miss \iiiclio was the light
est, hiippii-st ttlltl most dviianiic
personality that has ever been
seen on the stzigc at State

llt’l' voice was sincere .iiid ring—
Iiiglv Iiielodious; ii lll tiii- piii‘t to
:I "'l' " llt‘l' cloiiipiiig through
“lioiii‘ \lb.it ('oiiii-s \ IiuI"lv" illlll
iii-i' llllill'ltiliS “You ('.iii'i (let \
MIIII \l'ith \ thin" \t'i't‘i‘ show»

stoppers.

livv-I'y time she sang, ll'll'l'l‘ wits
i‘lt‘('ll‘lt'lly between ziudicncc and
actor. \Iiss \melio was exciting
in all her scenes; she tiii'ncd from
it girl In love, to :i girl trying to
top tier boy-friend, and in every
scene she Was alive and genuine.

Miss Amelio's [xarfoi‘mzince was
controlled, sensitive, and sincere
throughout the entire play.

Other Roles

Dolly 'l'iitc, the woman Annie re»
places when she joins the Buffalo
Bill Show, was superny played
by Valerie (iolom. Miss Dolly
would as soon bed a man as say
"hello." Miss (iolom washrilliant
In her approach to such a raucous
character.

She was Vigorous iIIidenthusius—
tic in her ('lli'll‘£t(‘ll’l‘lZilll()ll; every
line was exciting; every shrill,

uproarious: every stiff, jerky move
was magnificent. Miss Golom was
the funniest character in the show.

Robert Willower as Frank But-
ler, the man Annie is in love with,
gave a rich performance. His ac-
tions were good and he had just
the right amount of strength and
pOWer for the role.

The only possible detraction was
his voice: it quivered and went
flat sometimes, but his charac—
terization was sound and soon the
poor qualities in his voice were
forgotten.

Secondary Roles Praised

Art Putnam’s Buffalo Bill was
the sleeper of the night. in a part
that called for only stereotyped
characterization, he made the fa-
mous Bill plausible, human, and
personable. His acting was quiet,
but believeable.

Charlie Davenport, the loud-
mouthed agent for Buffalo Bill's
show was played by Jim Lobdell.
in some scenes Mr. Lobdell was
highly effective, but in others he
was only adequate.

In other minor roles. Tony
Hitchcock and William Laundry
were excellent as Mister Wilson,
the hotel owner and Chief Sitting
Bull. The kids in the show were
charming, especially Dick Howard
as Little Jake.

Dancing

Dancing was done well, but un—
fortunately thc basic choreography
was poor, Some dances were held
too long, others too short. Choral
arrangements were splending; the

eaknesses

bulk of the cast was crisply and
expertly handled.

Unfortunately the show failed on
technical grounds. Set design and
lighting, important elements in any
show, were terrible to say the
least.

Examples

The Wilson House - or should i
say the sheet house — was repul-
sive and did much to detract from
the play. The cattle boat scene
looked like people waiting in line
for a table at a restaurant.

There were overlong blackouts
to change the scenery and con-
tinuity of the play was lost. The
set for the ballroom scene was
effective, but the arrangement of
the chorus was the highpoint of
the scene.

Lighting was extremely poor.
Costuming was so exquisite and
bright, the drahness of thelighting
ruined their effectiveness.

The shifts from bright to dark
in the lighting were to blatant
that it was unnecessarily shock-
ing. A little more selective light-
ing, i.e., lighting only one section
of the stage would have even helped
the scenery look better.

On the whole the evening was a
success. The show had not pro-
tensions at a message, it was just
a funfest.

As a simple funfest, it succeed—
ed. The effect would have been so
much greater if all the elements of
the theatre—acting, scenery, light-
ing, etc, could have come together
as a whole, not just independent
variables.

“Freud” Put on Review Couch

Conclusion: A Psychotic Case

Each time a filmed biography of
some famous person appears, one
is again made aware of the num—
eroiis problems it mustovercome.
John Huston's life of Freud cannot
help but fit this category.

When the subject is as well—
known and revered as is Freud,
he must he humanized and brought
from his pedestal to a realistic
level. But there is a danger in
attempting this, as the methods
used may turn out to be trite,
and therefore merely absurd.

This happens in the film. Little
incidents, such as Sigmund’s fa-
ther’s giving him the watch that
he had received from  father,
hardly ringastrueaswasintended.

Major Difficulties

Another iiiajoi'difficulty upped rs
when the biography is of someone
whose :Iccomplishnieiits arc in the
realm ofthc mcnttil. [I isoxt rcnicly
difficult to present in striking,
cinematic and exciting tci'ms Sig-
mund Freud formulatingthe theory
of infant sexuality.

With such an inlrospcctivv story,
there is also it difficulty in pre-
senting the Situation, and making
clear the thought processesbehind
tttly conclusion. This is usually

CAMP BOARD

\ll male students interested in
becoming active members of a
volunteer guide organization to as—
sist with the program at Camp
liippikill are invited to sign their
llillllt‘ on the special sheet located
on the tiippikill bulletin board.

(,Juiilificiitions for membership
in this group are interest and
ability in outdoor activities. A
special training program to ac—
quaint the members with Dippi—
kill will be provided. It is hoped
that this program will become op-
erational soon after Easter re—
cess.
The members of (‘anip Board
are Dr. Rylaiid Hewitt, Dr. Rich—
ill‘tl llauser, Dr. Arthur Long, Mr.
liollis Blodgett, Steve Borgus '63,
Alden Pierce '64, Joe Cambridge
'64, (tary Zolliiiger '66, and Kavin
Moody '66.

solved, well or badly, through
dialogue.
Narration, or an exchange of
questions and answers between
the main character and some ar—
bitrary other person, is usually
used. This often results in un—
likely conversations, phrases one
would never hear in informal dis—
cussion and explanations plainly
addressed to the audience.

Acting Problems

Biography also presents many
difficulties to the cast. A realpcr—
son is harder to portray than a
fictional character, and tin actor
often risks destroying someonc's
sacred cows.

Montgomery (‘li'ft runs intosuch
difficulties, and never quite sur—
mounts them. llciid bent means
“Freud is thinking,“ eyes wide
Shows “l’reud has an idea" and
teeth bared indicates “l’reud is
angry."

This movie ran into it” these
problems, and failed to defeat one
of them. There are enough things
wrong with the picture to make it
an llllt‘l‘ failure. Why, then. isn't
It',‘

l'oI' some l‘i‘tiSutl, on lcavingthc
lilt'illl‘t‘, lill' defects of the film
fudc away, and till lbiit remains Is
it generally positive Impression.

What one remembers is the
often engrossing contacts between
doctor and patient, and thc tll'l‘itlll
sequences, shot in suchdcepshiiil—
ow llllll with the contrast between
light and dark so sharp that they
appear straight out of lie]! or the
subconscious.

Impressive is Susanna York's
acting as Freud’s major patient,
and Larry l’urks’ performance as
a fellow doctor. ("lift has his ef»
fective moments, too, and the di—
rector hus contributed some very
well composed shots. Also note-
worthy ‘is the re—creution of the
pcriod and place.

These plus-factors do not coun-
teract the unsurmounted problems.
They are, nevertheless, what is
remembered of this film -— a film
that is more an illustrated lecture
than a dramatic experience.

Silt Students Sliovi loatliv;
tuition light to Continue

by Cory Luuoh

l have been increasingly dis-
turbed at the atmosphere that has
settled over this campus as of late
regarding the tuition controversy.
it appears that to be one of relief
that it's over on the part of the
Senate and one of passive resigna-
tion to the inevitable on the part
of the students themselves.

Now i don’t mean to upset the
delicate balance that has once
again returned to our prosaic in-
stitution, but this issue isfarfrom
dead and will not be until the free
tuition mandate is restored to the
State Education Laws which will
take New York off this path of
regressionism in the field of free
public higher education.

City Tool: Lood

l have been in contact with the
Alumni Association of the City
College of New York (AACCNY)
which, you might recall,organized
and executed a well-planned and
well-carried—out demonstration on
March 11 immediately preceding
the unsuccessful attempt by Demo-
cratic Assemblyman to force one
of several Democratic sponsored
hills (which would have restored
the free tuition mandate) from the
Republican controlled Ways and
Means Committee.

These students displayed them-
selves in a most exemplary man—
ner which proved them a credit to
their respective institutions. 1 am
still waiting fora satisfactory an..-
wer as to why the Confederated
Student Governments of the State
University of New York voted
against participation in this rally.

This, to me, was just one more
instance in which this organization
has shown what an inept excuse
for united student action it really
is.

CSGSUNY Avoids City Group

When i posed this question to
the delegates on the last day of
their meeting in Albany, a few
weeks back, I was told that they
felt that four or five thousand
students would be too unwieldy a
group with a possibility of its
transformation into a mob.

Christian Council
Plans Mall Project

\Wiut have you done every sum-
mer’.’ \Wiat are you doing this
summer? if you would like to do
something Albany State’s Campus
Christian Council would like you
to participate in a summer serv-
ice project.

This summer :I group of college
students will be living in Albany‘s
Sotilli Mtill Project area working
with neighborhood youngsters and
teenagers The group is planning
:i coke shop where the teenagers
can drink soft drinks, eat, dance,
and have fun, and an arts and
crafts program for the younger
children

Tutoring Also Offered

They will also be working ill a
tutorle program to provide the
practice and drill necessary for
full school work. There will be
11 study group to further the par—
ticipant's understanding of him—
self, the peoplc, and the problems
in the area.

The group will live and eat to—
gether in the Mall Area — it will
be “home” for the summer (July
1 —— August 16, State's Summer
School dates).

CORE Movie

(.‘ome also to a C.().R.E. film,
“Freedom in the Air,” March 26,
and to hear Randy Nugent speak
on the Negro's view of the white,
April 2.

For more information, direc-
tions to locations, and a personal
encouragement to participate -—
call l’at l’eaii's lit) 3-9438.

What are you doiiigthis summer?

i tend to strongly disagree:
if possible leadership had been
provided and if the students were
asked to conduct themselves in an
organized. mature manner. Idoubt
whether things would have gotten
out of hand at all, and we could
have presented a united front of
opposition which could not have
gone entirely unnoticed.

Popor Headline Apathy

As it was. the papers tended to
play this up as though the State
University had given up the fight
and was abandoning the City Col-
leges in their effort. Witness
this heading from an article in
our own Times Union: “STUDENTS
SHUN RALLY ROLE! "

There have also been charges
recently of intimidation and pres-
sure from the State Police and/or
the administration.

1 have not seen any concrete
facts that would tend to confirm or
deny such charges, but g any in-
dication that such action had taken
place was ever revealed, lwould
be forced to look upon it as an
unwarranted, u n j u sti fie d, arbi-
trary act which the administration
should be made to account for and
which, it should be made clear,
will never be tolerated.

Assuming that attempts were
made on this campus to discredit
the Monday marchers, the AACNY
assured me that “the only student
groups participating were duly
elected student governments of
State and City University colleges.

34 of 85 Did Not Vote

Although the motiontodischarge
from committee one of the free
tuition bills failed in the voting on
March 11, it was most interesting
to note that 34 Republicans ab—
stained. The AACCNY has indi-
cated to me that they still have
hopes of getting one or the other
of the two Republican sponsored
bills out of committee.

We, at this University, can help
this dedicated organization by in-
creased student activity in the
form of letters to the Republican
legislators who voted no or ab—
stained in the balloting on March
11 and 12.

Committee to Work

The AACCNY is also in the pro-
cess of forming a permanent cit-
izen’s committee which has as its
goal an unrelenting fight to see that
the free tuition mandate is re-
stored. They have informed me that
as soon as possible, invitations will
go out to “Civic, labor and student
organizations throughout the state.
The committee will be strictly non-
partisan."

1 strongly urge all State Univer-
sity students and the various State
University governments to get be-
hind. support, and work with this
committee and AACCNY in their
devoted effort. We may not win
this year, or next year — but we
will win.

Dr. Taylor in
Present Paoei

Dr. Wallace W. Taylor, Profes-
sor of Education, has accepted an
invitation to give a paper on “The
Pedagogical Development of Work
Among the Handicapped" at Copen-
hagen, Denmark. on June 27. He
will attend the Ninth World Con—
gress of the International Society
for the Rehabilitation of the Dis-
abled.

Recently, Dr. Taylor wasaguest
at the Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr.
Mental Retardation Foundation
Awards dinner in Washington. DC

Dr. Taylor, long interested in
problems related to mental re-
tardation, has written articles on
this subject for professional jour—
nals.

 

