 

PAGE 4

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 1.

1963

 

 

Dimmers...

(Author of Rally Round the Flag, Boys
and Barefoot Boy With Cheek)

   

HAPPINESS CAN’T BUY MONEY

With tuition costs steadily on the rise, more and more under-
graduates are looking into the student loan plan. If you are
one such, you would do well to consider the case of Leonid
Sigafoos.

Leonid, the son of an unemployed bean gleaiier in Straight-
ened Circumstances, Montana, had his heart set on going to
college, but his father, alas, could not afford to send him.
Leonid applied for a Regents Scholarship, but his reading
speed, alas, was not very rapid—three words an hour-and
before he could ﬁnish the ﬁrst page of his exam, the Regents
liiid closed their bricfeases erossly and gone home. Leonid then
iipplied for an athletic scholarship, but he had, alas, only a single
athletic skill—picking up beebces with his toes—and this, alas,
aroused only ﬂeeting enthusiasm among the coaches.

And then—happy (liiyl-—Leoiiid learned of the student loan
plan: he could borrow money for his tuition and repay it in
easy installments after he left school!

Happily Leonid enrolled in the Southeastern Montana (‘ol-

   

0‘ O
- l... u a ‘
‘uauw.ho _:

with 5. [in dilate flail

lege of Lanoliii and Restoration Drama and happily bcgaii a
college career that grew happier year by year. Indeed, it be-
came altogether ecstatic in his senior year because Leonid met
a coed named Anna Livia l’lurabclle with hair like beaten gold
and eyes like two sockets full of Lake Louise. Love gripped
them in its big moist palm, and they were betrothed on St.
Crispin's Day.

Happily they made plans to be married immediately after
commencementr -plans, alas, that were never to come to fruition
because Leonid, alas, learned that Anna Livia, like himself,
was in college on a student loan, which meant that he not only
had to repay his own loan after graduation but also Anna
Livia's and the job, alas, that was waiting for Leonid at the
llutte ()ttcr Works simply did not pay enough, alas, to cover
both loans, plus rent and food and clothing and television
repairs.

llcavy hearted, Leonid and Anna Livia sat down and lit
MarllLoro (ligarctuts and tried to find an aiichr to their prob-
lem ~and, sure enough, they did! I do not know whether or
not Marlboro ('igarettcs helped them find an answer; all i know
is that Marllioros taste good and look good and filter good, and
when the clouds gather and the world is black as the pit from
pole to pole, it is ii heap of comfort and satisfaction to bc sure
that Marlboros will always provide the same easy pleasure,
the same unstinting tobacco flavor, in all tinics and clinics and
conditions. That's all I know.

Leonid and Anna Livia, i say, did find an answer a \‘cry
simple one. If their student loans did not come duc until they
left school, why then they just wouldn't leave school! So after
receiving their bachelor's degrees, they rc—cnrollcd and took
master's degrees. After that they took doctor's degrees loads
and loads of them until today Leonid and Anna Livia, both
agcd >57, both still in school, liohl doctorates iii l‘hilosophy,
llumanc Letters, Jurisprudence, Veterinary Medicine, ('ivil
l‘lngiiiccring, tlptoiiictry, \\'oodpulp, and llcwcy l)t't‘llll.'ll~.

'l‘hcir student loans, at the end of the last fiscal year,
aiiiountcd to a combined total of nineteen million dollars a
sum which they probably \‘l‘titlltl have found some difficulty llI
repaying had not the Department of the interior rci-cntly dcs
clarcd them a National Park.

"(‘

i tool \la- ‘llllll'lltll
r r ’6

You don't need (1 student loan just a little loose change 

to grab a prick of smoking pleasure: .‘llurlborrw, sold in all

fifty states in familiar so/l pack amt Flip-Top box.

 

most exciting folk group.

Rivalry
(More)...

Her Attendants were Plret Kutt
’64, Roz Ferrara ’64, Nancy Bau-
mann ’65, Carole Harvey ’65,Maria
Tucci ’66, Joan Clark ’66, Angela
Maggio ’6’], and Laurel Lamont
’67.

The court in Draper 303 was
chaired by Ralph Grimaidi ’64. The
five other members were Joe Galu
'64, Pat Fasano ’65, Mary Lewis
'65, Ginger Kramek ’66, and Irv
Carpenter ’66.

The court in Draper 240 was
chaired by Lenore McCabe ’64.
The other members were Juniors
JoAnne Gross, Pat Cook, and Ken
Lockwood and Sophomores Bill
Laundry and Carl Cusato.

Margaret Murray ’65 was the
Secretary for ilie C.A.[.T.

Current Comment

 

‘Great Republican Victory’

Small In Republican State

by Joseph W.' Golu

Last week, the voters from the
eastern 40% of North Dakota pro-
vided the nation with a “great Re-
publican victory.” The lack of great-
ness in the size of the Republican
victory is the reason for this col-
umn.

An obscure English professor ran
as the Democrat. The Republicans
ran Mark Andrews who ran un-
successfully for governor of North
Dakota in 1962. A minor indepen-
dent also ran and came up with
6.3% of the vote.

fHOOTENAN NY
tHIGHWAYME

The definitive Hootenanny of all time by America's
UAS 6294 (Stereo) UAL 3294 Mona.)

Emerging Africa-
A View by an Exchange Student

by Maurice Tsododo
Apartheid—South Africa's Racial Policy

What It Is

Apartheid is a word which is applied to the racial
policies of South Africa. By definition, it means
segregation by law. This policy of Apartheid was
adopted by the white minority as a means of sup-
pressing the rising tide of African nationalism in
South Africa.

How It Is Maintained

Those who have followed South Africa’s politics
for the past five years are familiar with the bru—
tality by which the government forces have put
down African demonstrations. The Sharpville shoot—
ings, where Africans were massacred, stand as a
grim reminder of this.

Today the government employs more subtle means
of suppression. Many laws have been passed, the
most infamous ofwhich is the Communism Suppression
Act, which should really be entitled, “The African
Nationalism Suppression Act.” Under this act, one
can be detained for ninety days without being brought
to trial.

Why Apartheid Continues

The southern government has an ample military
force to deal with internal strife and it is determined
to perpetuate white domination.

Economic Sanctions

The second factor favoring Apartheid is the in—
effectiveness of the United Nations resolutions. As
it has done many times before, the (leneral Assem—
bly voted overwhelmingly last wock to condemn
Apartheid, by a vote of 106 to 1. A resolution to
apply economic sanctions was passed with almost
the same majority in the last session.

Hypocrisy

’l‘hcse powurs, such as Britain, to support their
stand against the application of sanctions to South
Africa, give the reason that the sanctions will hurt
the very person they are trying to help—the African.

lint it does not take much intelligence to dis—
cover the real motives of those powers, for one
has only to look at the trade going on between
(treat Britain and the Union of South Africa to
decide who would be really hurt if sanctions were
applied.

‘As long as those big powurs ignore, the United
Nationsresolutions for the application of sanctions,
Apartheid will flourist The tip Service, thoSc powers
pay will not disturb a hair of the South African
government’s present so]f—complacoiicv.

WITH ‘ 
THE

 

    
  
    
 

N l'l‘l‘ll)
It'l'lS'l‘H

 
    

  
 

 

1

 

Republic Advantages

The district involved is eoiiiposri.
of 23 counties which have not sent a
Democrat to the Houseo i'Represpn-
tatives in this century. For ii.l.s
reason alone it was to be expat-mi
that the Republican would win not
win big.

There were two other reasons it.
expect a big Republican \it'linl‘.
There are currently Democrais i
The White House and in the Ntil‘!
Dakota state house.

Despite these advaiitagcsphis on...
of having a candidate With a 
known name, the Republican l’lll '.t
ed only 49.4% of the Vote.

Still the Naiioiial Chairman w: ~
Republican party, William All.,.
from New York, was able lti ~-
liis usual professional opiiinisn. i.
joy. Miller managed to Hill”
the Republicans are haij «or:
victory.

In as much as the 601’ Ill l 
they have some right to be mg;
The vote should have (llh‘diiliil
the Republicans.

Possible Trend

North Dakota serves as ..
ierestiiig example oi‘gi‘owiiic l't'
craiic strength in a SU-t alibi; ;,
state. In 1958 a Dellltit'l’ul ‘.\’ll\l'lv
ted to the United States Sciizio
ilie first time Since the Ni-‘u. I.
landslides.

In 1960 and 1962 \Vil.iiiin
a Democrat, was clecii-d goo-i
A two term Democratic gone: '.
quite rare lll Ntll‘lli liakoia .I‘.
the area around ii.

In 1962 the Republicans i'll"
both members io the House o: i i
i'cseiiiatiycs, but both lft’iilllli‘
received around 5:72} oi inc . -»
’I‘hisisnoi coiisnlered a sale li..:

Prospects

The prospects toi li‘cpbi 1:
success in 1064 are toilu'. i
best. In 1060 l’i'csidcni Re: i
I'Ccelied 4:792 oi the Vote. 'l'hi»
much better than his showi.
South Dakota,Nebraska,andha:
'l'hcse states Willi North iialwin -
considered a unit.

The weakness oi ihc h'i-pni l-
in North Dakota is oi national
niiicaiice since if is a .‘w'.lli]v|-
the political siiuaiioii in man.
which went lHi‘ Nl.\(lll in 1‘.th.

The great liepublican tho
the special election oi a ('1;
man ll’tilll North Dakota was a.
but a gieai \Il'liil‘. ioi da-l'c; .‘
cans.

 

Campus Humor .

(reprinted by permission of WW
er's Digest)

ll lllt‘llll Iil lllllll‘. viloipi .'.t'l|
tho t'tillllilt“.ll. oi lllt‘ .if ‘ln-
lllil'»(3l'hll‘. llt‘ hail ju-.I hi.“ n“.
his [litilrli‘lil‘i Io one it ‘ I
ianipiis iciiiilam'o i oiiiiwbi

Alli-i looltiin‘ up ii»  n
iet'oill iii llll' ilillliillli'. w.’
lllllii', system lllt't'tillti‘il‘li l .I
“It the ‘ll‘dlt'u‘it‘ll lll"iliili.l
ibj‘, Willi a .‘illlllt', "1 oi Io .i
i'oni'ciiicd about .lilll stair
JlIlltll"

naiiﬁiii?

1

Around the Corner i

from the Dorms
Open Daily

Mon.—-Thurs. lla.m.ll30p.m

fri. 850i. lla.m.~—l:30u.m
Sun. 4:00p.m.mllp.m.

2‘" Ontario Street

___________________’__u—-

 

 

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS

 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 1. 1963 PAGES

 

‘0

 

ME .- w/la/ Aafpeﬁed +0
58min NEMJS/E/ﬁ‘E/L 7

Vow: DOM—f" KNow-‘l’hm/ba.

+hey tas+ +liei'iz rile/r0

Qcm‘Q‘Ql’t

 

 

T F noncis I

Yearbook Photographs

Corky Petrick, editor of the 1964
yearbook, announces that the photo-
grapher from Delma Studio will be
here during the week of Nov. 4 - 8
to take group pictures of organiza-
tions for ilie yearbook.

The head of each organization
should check his (or her) student
mail for a notice listing the time
and place for the picture.

Newman Club

The Newman Club will meetNov.5
in Bru lower lounge at 7:30 p.m.
The speaker will be Mother Mary
Phillipa of the Franciscan Mission-
aries of the Divine Motherhood.

ller topic will be the Missoiiary
Activity in Africa and China. Illus—
trating her lecture she will show a
movie that pictures the missions
she will speak about.

Recruitment Interview

A recruitment interview will be
held by Dr, Waldo 1. Scott, Adminis—
ii'ati\e Assistant of the Port Wash-
ington Public Schools, on Wednes—
dai, No\. 6 from 0:30 sun. to
4 p.iii. in Richardson Basement,
Counseling Room ()4.

The ieachiiig areas are for all
.icadeiiiic subjects in jimior and
senior hiin Schools.

interested students are asked to
sign interview schedule ill l’lace-
iiiciii Office. 172.

Circle K Club

’l'oiiiori‘ow there will be a meet—
ing in ili‘u at 2:00 p.m. The fol-
lowing coiiiiiiiiiecs will give re—
ports: l-uiid Raising, Service, Pro-
jcci. and Program. John 1’. Kienzle
’67 \\'ll be initiated. Four directors
Will be initiated.

Next ’I'ucsdai. November 5, iii
7:30 p.m. llI lli'ii lower lounge, pic-
111195 will be taken ol the iiieiiibei‘-
ship lUl' the Yearbook. All membci s
should be present.

J/awte Jtawl/l

 

SIGMA PHI SIGMA

Jame Gllsliel'tl ’63 announces that.

there Will be an informal party this
Friday owning, Noxember l.

BETA ZETA

The. sisters held a pajama [)Lll'i‘.
at the house l‘i'iday iili'llt and im—
ishcd v.oil~. on the lloiii. which thrill
lllHl pi in» ill the Homecoming l’a—
i ade on Harm day.

Alici lllt‘il‘di'ullt‘£1lillllt’lllllit'llt‘till
was gncn toi the Alumnae.

A i-otiec hour was held \viih 'l‘th
on Aloiida'. night.

SIGMA ALPHA

(aiol \\‘illiaiiis ’63 was initiated
Mondai Night.

The sisters oi lﬁil'lllli.\l|lllilt’lllt’lA
lillllt‘ll the biothci sol Alpha [’1 Alpha
Millill'd‘. , (lt'liilit‘i 33, ill ‘dt'lillt‘t‘ litilll .

.‘\li Kendallol ihcllistoij. liepai l—
llll‘lll was ciiiciiained at a tlllllll'l
\lcdncsdin night.

A pajama pm [2 \l‘lll be held at the
lioiisi- toiilydit ioi all o1 iiicsisioi s.

l’laiis aic uiiilciuu'. to hold a
h.i.iidi- Noxt-mbci lli. t'liaiiiiicn
ioi the oucm .iii- .'\laiic I\'oiascli
" W illlll Hillel'. l5] ooli 'l i.

KAPPA BETA
l'icsilli-iii William lf’ilrt‘ll‘l' Ml,
:iliiiiiiiiiii". tliiil llll' liillii‘.'.llij' hiijiliii-
inoics '.‘.t'll‘ jib-thi-il Moiilia. iiiriil;
hon lli.ii.i- l’lll‘. lll‘IillltHll‘, l'.ll
l\.iiiiiii~.l~.i and (Ali '. bjuicliiiaiiii

lSC -- IFC

l'lt'hlllt‘lll la-ooa l‘icipcl ’iil anti
(mi. l'i-Iic ’hl llli’,U all llt“.lllllt'il
b iillt‘llll llit‘ll t'IilillllllfiIIl» nit-cling
on l‘llllii., NUH‘IllliL‘i 1, ill \'.liltll
time the. Vail he iniioiluiiui to ilic
(iii-cl. and lndopcndi-iil motions,

'l'hc incinbcis ol [St 'll't also
uipc all iicubnioii to .illl'litl all
iio- opt-ii houses on Niiytfllllit‘l L‘. and
(l.

NOW OPEN
Mom-Thurs. Until 9 P.M.
BOOK SHOP
 it i ililllllltrll Ayn, \ lliiiny

lltl 147'“

 

 

LET ' S TALK GREEK

by John Shipherd and Joe Cambridge

Since the workshop closed on September 18th, the
most widely asked question has been: “Have things
changed?” In many respects only time will tell; but
we have seen the need for one very important element:
the need for frank, fair cooperation.

In addition to showing the need for cooperation the
workshop laid the foundations for achieving this very
same cooperation and understanding. Many repre-
sentatives have commented upon the fact that individual
interests of specific organizations were often sub-
ordinated in an attempt to find the best solution in the
light of the total Greek picture.

Even though each group suffered certainloses, most
of the representatives felt that for the first time there
was a united Greek image. The representatives ex-
pressed the sentiment that with this image the pros-
pects for reaching a genuine, realistic and fair solu—
tion are now at their highest point.

But have we gone as far as we can go in the field
of Greek and Administration relations? Is this new
found feeling of mutual respect strong enough towith-
stand the problems connected with the task that lies
before us? Are both sides convinced that we can re-
solve our problems through intelligent compromise?

We feel that this cooperation cannot be attained
through arbitrary actions or decisions, nor can it be
reached when stubborn or short-sighted stands are
encomitered. There must be a healthy give and take
attitude on both sides.

The Administration has the right of jurisdiction,
but the students have certain basic rights that cannot
be ignored. it rests with the students to show that they
Luiderstand these rights and are willing to apply them.
We as Greeks do understand these rights, and we are
working towards their application. With the coopera-
tion of the administration, there could be no limit to
the benefits that could come for all concerned.

Friday - November lst holy
day of obligation,

5i. 0min ale Tail
6, 7, 7:45, 8’.'30,/0,/Z:25. 4:45pm.

Wham a/w:

 

 

CLEANER: Mo TAIiaR:
HA Little Finer - A Little More CarefulH
“All Garments Checked For Minor Repairs"

PLANT-Corner Washington Ave., and Ontario Street
ALBANY, NEW YORK

 

 

 

  

“4: BIG 40 GRAM

NYLON-WORSTED

4 oz. 4 pay 5100
[EMS YARN CIR.
am

On the Riverside

 Rensselaer, N. Y.
PHONE no 2.0242

 

 

 

 

 

 

