  
   

 



(Author 0 “I Was a T Dwarf," “The Many
I Lam ofDobt'e  is,” etc.)

       
 

 

MARKING ON THE CURVE—AND WHAT
TO DO ABOUT IT

Twonkey Crimscott was a professor. Choate Sigafoos was a
g sophomore. Twonkey Crimscott was keen, cold, brilliant.
‘ Choate Sigafoos was loose, vague, adenoidal. Twonkey Crim-
scott believed in diligence, discipline, and marking on the curve.
Choate Sigafoos believed in elves, Julie London, and thirteen
hours of sleep each night.

Yet there came a time when Twonkey Crimscott~mentor,
sage, and savant—was thoroughly outthouglit, outfoxed, out-
maneuvered, outployed, and out-witted by Clioate Sigafoos,
sophomore.

 

  
  

‘ \

i at z/f/Wrrr/éejr/

It happened one day when Choate was at the library studying
for one of Mr. ('rimscott‘s exams in sociology. .\lr. (‘rimscott's
exams were murder—plain, flat murder. ’l‘liey consisted of one
hundred questions, each question having four possible answers
—A, B, C, and I). You Iiad to check the correct answer, but the
trouble was that the four choices were so subtly shaded, so
intricately worded, that students more clever by far than (‘lioate
Sigafoos were often set to gibbering.

So on this day Clioate sat in the library poring over his
sociology text, his tiny brow furrowed with concentration, while
all around him sat the other members of the sociology class,
every one studying like crazy, every one scared and pasty.
Clioate looked sadly at their stricken faces. “What a waste!"
he thought. “All this youth, this verve, this bounce, chained to
musty books in a musty library! We should be out singing and
dancing and cutting didoes on the greensward! Instead we
are here.”

Then, suddenly, an absolute gasser of an idea hit (‘hoate.
I “Listen!” he shouted to his classmates. “Tomorrow when we
take the exam, let's all—every one of us——elieck (‘lioice ‘A' on
1 every question—every one of them."

: “Huh?” said his classmates.

“()h, I know that Choice ‘A' can't be the right answer to
every question," said (,‘lioate. "lint what's the ditferenee‘.’ .\lr.
Crimscott marks on the curve. If we all check the same aris-
wers, then we all get the same score, and everybody in the class
gets a ‘C’."

“I‘Imm,” said his classmates.

"So why should we knock ourselves out studying?” said
(‘hoate. "Let's get out of here aiiil have a ball 1"

So they all ran out and lit Marlboro (.‘igarettes and had a
ball, as indeed, you will too when you light ii Marlboro, for if
there ever was a cigarette to lift the spirit and gliidden the
heart, to dispel the shades of night, to knot up the ravelled
sleeve of care, to put spring in your gait and roses in your
cheeks, it is filtered .\Iarlboros firm and port- and fragrant and
filled with rich, natural, golden tobacco. And, what's more, this
darlin' smoke comes in soft packs that are actually soft and
flip-top boxes that actually flip.

Well sir, the next morning the whole class did what (‘lioatc
said, and, sure enough, they all got. ‘(l's, and they picked (‘lioiite
up and carried him on their shoulders and sang "li'or He's a
.Iolly (Iood Fellow” and plied him with sweetmeats and .\larl—
.oros and girls and put on buttons which said “I liti'l‘l-I (1X
(.‘II(IA’[‘IC.”

Ilut they were celebrating too soon. llecause the next time
shrewd old Mr. ('riiiiscott gave them a test, he did not give
them one hundred multiple choice questions. He only gave
them one question to wit: write a 30,000 word essay on
"('riine Does Not l’ay."

"You and your ideas," they said to (‘lioate and tore off his
epaulets and broke his sword and drummed him out of the
school. Today, a broken man, he earns a living as a camshaft
Ill ’l‘UIl'IIII. n was Mu nimiumn
o w it
.‘It the top of the curve of smoking pleasure, you'll Ilml
Marlboro ('i’yarctles. (wiiilatrlc at every tobacco counter fit
all fifty States of the Unlon.

 

 
 

CAMP COUNSELOR OPENINGS
UNDERGRADUATE swarms

(Min. ago I? A completion oI at Icon l your of college)

GRADUATE swarms and FACULTY MEMBERS
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS

. . . comprising 050 outstanding Boys. Girls. Brother-Blot”
and Co-Ed Comps. located throughout the New England. Milv
die Atlantic sum and Canada.

. . . INVITES YOUR INQUIRIES concerning summer employment or ﬂood
Counselors. Group Leaders. Bpoclolilu, General Coumolon.

Write, Phone, or Call in Person
Association of Private Comps - Dept. C

Maxwell M. Alexander, Executive Director

55 Wort 42nd Strut, 0X 5-2656, New York 16, N. Y.

   
   
   
     
       
       
     
   

 

 

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY, MARCH 15. 1963

 

Communications

 

 

 

To the Editor:

“Judge not, that ye be not
judged." Luke 5:37. You who have
passed judgement on the happen—
ings at the Cortland Tournament
and the people who were there,
are you in a position to judge?

Were you at the game itself,
the only instance which concerns
you or the administration, to see
what actually went on or have you
been carried away in writingabout
the exaggerated. distorted stories
which have filtered around our
campus?

Have you, readers, passed
judgement on the few people who
went in support of Albany's team
when you wern‘t there yourselves
to see State‘s small cheering sec—
tion drowned out by ten cheer-
leaders. a small brass band and
a full section of spectators from
Potsdam.

The writer of the editorial in
last week's Now: should have writ—
ten only about the occurencesat the
game. the only place where Spec—
tators actions could be considered
to reflect upon the group as a
whole, and not about the antics of
a few individuals, from many state
schools and other schoolsbesides,
in pro—game or post-game ac—
tivities.

.-\nd if he had limited hiswriting
to the proper subjects he should
have first recalled John Locke’
words from .\n liisﬂyf'uncerninr
Human lode rsianiiiilg; “‘W that
judges without informing himself
to the utmost that he is capable,
cannot acquit himself of iiidgiiig
amiss."

 

 

 

And it is so in this case. sinCe
I suspectthatthe information which
was usedin the editorial inquestion
was second-hand, distorted, and
exaggerated. How can anyone pre—
sume to judge fairly and justly
without a first-hand observation.

And last of all. you readers who
have decided to condemn on the
basis of a poorly researched, ex—
ternally, influenced editorial, you
can’t even pretend to be in position
to judge after you stayed home and
read about .\lbany’s climb to the
finals in the papers while Potsdam
drowned onl every cheer which
.\lbaiiy fans raised in attempting
to rally llli'll' tcam.

This letter is not a defense of
what happened at (‘ortlaniL since
many of the displays of foiilni-ss
witnessed there Were uttci‘ly dis-
graceful, but Il docs question the
sincerity and propriety of those
who hai'e passed judgcment of the
basis of secondhand information
of an unsubstantialcdeditorial con-
cerning groups rather than in—
divuluiils.

(iiitside of the (‘ortlarid gym
i-Vci‘v person went their own way
and :issimii-il responsibililv IUI‘
his own actions :ilone .ind no one

I'IHI'

.\ow that viiii’VI-11ll passed )udgc
llll'lll on riilhi-r flimsy and unfair
cvulcnce, lei mi- ll'.l\'t‘ you \viIh
this thought of Iii-iii'gi‘ lizikcr

“II l was .is bad as tlii-v say
l.iiii, and you were as good .is you
look, I wondci' which one would
Ici‘l llic \\’Iil"it‘, if cach IUI' lllt'
other was Iiiok'”'

60019. ngrlny, Jr. '64

Election Iabulations 8an Fresh
Influence on SA and MYSIIIIIIA

Elections, Margins, Votes Cast

Final tabulations from the elections a few weeks ago
have finally revealed what many people have been won—
dering about since last year. The question that has been
debated on campi is whether or not the freshmen have
much influence in campus-wide elections. To this has
been added the question of whether freshmen should be
allowed to vote at all in such elections.

MYSKANIA Results Changed
One person who otherwise would not have been
elected to MYSKANIA was chosen through the frosh
vote. This is the only major change on the MYSKANIA
ballot. However, several changes were noted in order
of election.

SA Officers

Freshmen ballots did not make a great deal of dif—
ference in the race for Student Association President.
In the Vice Presidential contest, it is interesting to
note that Rick Genero carried his own Sophomore
Class, but still lost the election by avery tight margin.

Following is a breakdown of the MYSKANIA vote by
classes.

Vote

Without
Candidate Frosh Soph Junior Senior freshmen
Batchelor 107 107 109 22 238
Budnikas 165 110 69 35 214
Caulfield 44 78 53 19 150
Cerra 329 304 213 97 614
Coles 115 115 73 25 212
DiRocco 138 137 144 39 320
Drapalski 43 59 54 18 131
Fairbanks 321 305 246 102 653
Gillis 47 60 42 13 115
Grasdorf 69 66 52 10 128
Jenks 280 295 220 94 609
Kerpel 21 48 42 17 107
Kutt 223 166 125 56 347
Lapinski 187 109 94 42 245
Leo 188 23 166 8 486
Lilg‘a 55 40 37 20 97
Mandeville 59 67 48 20 135
McCabo 132 50 45 24 119
Mctiarity 24 39 36 18 93
Miles 119 110 81 28 219
Murphy 275 272 246 100 618
I’ezullo 200 169 130 51 350
Raneri 91 84 61 13 158
Smith 282 256 214 83 553
Sorenson 135 144 105 37 288
Stroud 186 148 138 57 343
'l‘yo 289 256 190 82 528

The following chart is the results ol'theh‘h elections.

Candidate Frosh Soph Junior Senior
(‘cri'u 244 210 155 76
'l‘yo 141 153 151 54
Iiaumann 166 113 114 63
(ienero 155 147 103 A12
.liidd 64 109 84 34

'l‘otal votes cast numbered 1237. The Sophomore
(‘luss had the largest turnout with 432 ballots cast.
Second Were the frosh with 391, The Juniors cast
311 votes, and the Seniors had the. least with 135.

 

 

'i‘onigm undo
Ingmar Bergman’s
"I‘HE MAGICIAN’
Starring
Max oon Sydow
7:00 81 0:15

 

 

UtHfl
F. W. Murnau’s
“THE LAST
LAUGH”
proceeding a lecture by
Dr. Theodore Adams

7:00 p.111.

'l‘umstliiy

Notice

()liver Iieauchcmiii announces
that applications have arrived for
travel abroad, These applications
include requirements and full in~
formation. To obtain one oI these
applications plezis'e inquire III the
.\li\\‘\' office Sunday night at 7:350.

()nlv fifty applications were re
ceIVed. They will be distributed
on a Ii rst -come, first—served basis

 

 

 

:y.
L
a
2
f.
f ,

 

5‘ mwawmwaumnw. '

ICE FLOE DESTROYS BRUBACHER AND UNION

 

 

Student Union Undergoes
Drastic Changes

\\'e were ove rwhclmed, stupified
and amazed when we were recently
confronted with the dramatic reno-
vations in the interior of the stu-
dent union.

Many of our fellow students were
regarding the changes with happy
tears of joy streaming down their
faces. \\'e felt a warm glow inour
intestines and a warm trickle down
our cheeks. (The wind had been
blowing strongly as we crossed
from 0’11eaney's.) \,

()nly now in this wild sceni- of
abandoned rejoicing did it finzillv
penetrate; we were not inst a
student number oft chewed and
spit savagely from a rampaging
Ili,\l (or is ii Remington Hind")
machine: somebody, somewhere \\ \
(aired about us porsonailv. " ‘

(Itherwisi- whv would thcv havi-
goni- to all thistroubli-andt‘ixpi-nsi- 

Io sepiii'alc llli‘ men from tholillle \
boys, so In spinik"

'llio r-old hearted organism \\'I‘
thought controlled this l‘nivc-rsiiv
i‘c.illv h.id ,i wiriii lll‘.l!‘l, i l.ii‘gi'.
H‘lllll\'.i piilsiii L1,
mavhup bleeding heart,

It was hiimzin. It felt eiiiolions.

to abase ourselves andcrawl to the
feet of our mighty idle crying
“Hosanna! Hosanna! liosusnnna!
Thanks be, (i great ones not for
just painting ‘.\Ien' on one John
door but for doing it to the John
doors on both floors! I Y "

gcnci'ous. rod,

57/

lake Minerva’s Icebergs Create
Iiisaster Area

almost immediately, with heavy
loss of human life, RA’s, and APA
pledges on a panty raid.

The tragedy was caused by the
annual spring thaw on dorm field.
This year, for unexplained rea-

At 6:09 a.m. last night, Bru-
bacher Hall, while Iayingat anchor,
was struck by an iceberg from ad-
jacent Lake Minerva.

The ill—prepared building sank

III

 

.\l) l’iII'(‘IIlH

.IlIHl I)()ii‘t

l'iiiici'sliiriti Mc!

 

.ind maybe even now II was won—
dei‘ing how we \\‘i‘l‘l‘ reacting .ind SATURDAY. MARCH l6, I963
what feelings we were “Npl'l'li‘llV'
IIIL’,.

In our ,i\v.ii‘ciii-ss, humblencss,
gi‘ililude, wondci'nii-nl, lii‘\\llllt‘l‘-
mom and joy wc li-lI iiiixi'di-iiio—
lions, but our Ql‘l‘.lli‘\'l dcsii'i- unis

Now there Is no excuse for con-
fusmn and mistakes....The Stu-
dent Union has clarified the
situation for us.

PRICE TEN CENIS

 0,1  L/f ‘5 ﬁg "/

 

Calm, unruffled editor proudly reads telegram announcing the birth of SON. Staff listens to announcement

with solemn humility realizing that the many hours of labor have paid off.

Wizard Roams Ibiough land Iii Sun Working Wonders

by the Phantom
'l‘lion spake the chroniclilci‘:

In days of vow, in the land of good IiingI livun, Ihcrc
li\«-d :i great and wondrous wizard, l'his: amazing .\iei'~
llll was gi‘cullv hoiioui'od in llll‘ king’s court, for it was
lii- who controlli-d Ilic many and various forms of
jousling' and combat that lllt‘ \’IIIIIIIII knights of tho king—
dom might partake of, l"oi' this, hi- I.I‘.'Il‘t'tl as he wont
through \lb:inv, and spoke in inysli-i'ious p.ir;ililcs, for
such is Ilii- any of wizards.

liill

dccis‘iiins

iiivin-i'ioiis‘ than Ihi' II'JII‘ \\i'l't‘ his i-i'vplic

fllll‘i‘, Ihi- ni’ighlioi‘ing king

lliill'i‘
ind prophi-cii-s,
li‘iu‘lqiiil'l iil'li'i‘i-il, liii‘ llii' liilx’i'li
coats of :ii'moui' Io be used by \lbunv rugby
lint thc wizard said “No!” hid it was thus.

IIIIIII of sum ill lllll'
shilling,

pluvcrs.

(‘ioild (Illl‘ shilling liiivi' cost :lll Ih.il" liiil ll ciisl liui
Ioi \lbunv \i'urriors.
Other Potions
llllt‘ your, in llll‘ midst of .’I sei'ei-i- winter to local

knights, (iI sci-mod that lllt‘l’l‘ were no opposing knights
Io ho had) the wizard (li‘('l'(‘t’ll that the manner that the
fair dune-ads used Io encoui‘ag‘c Ilio donglin ones was
not proper. \l llic next jousl, oiin one of the beauleous
ladies was pi'esenl to encourage the warriors, though
they Were valiant anyway.

.\ third potion resulted in a truly beautiful ruining:
which was known as Lake Minerva (a mythical goddess
of wisdom"), or Morlin’s I’uddle, \\'hen approached by
soyerzil vasscls about (ah!) magic potion whereby the
peasants could participate. in the curious auncicnl
Ihilcli, “ice—skating,” the, wizard put on his magic cap
(eoiio-sliiipeii), and mumbled the following secret for-

mula, “ii-I llii‘l'i' lll‘ Il‘i'l—‘ and lW‘l‘" and ice!”

\nd in! but it cziini- to pass, just :is it had been lore—
told, l‘nfoi'luiizitciy, it would soon become warm (for
even :1 wizard cannot overthrow the laws of (End) and
a mess was forthwith. (iii, that such noble'intents 1111(l
faculties should be thwarted by the vagaries of nature!
Iiiit thus it must always be,

Of Tom Hood

but most amazing of (III was the saga of Tom llood,
Itobin‘s son. \\'hon this dougth :ind valiant knight ex—
pi-ossod lil‘s to compete in the ilizilches in the
great liiillli'llil lo lllt' south, the \vondrouscwise wizard
spike in this manner of mini: “\'i-i‘il_y lsiiv, oxhort
liivsi-II not in this competition. "l‘woiild ho had for
thy body, now so racked with ruin and lacked in great
skill and li'uinyng‘c,”

.\nswei'i-d the valiant hero to the conjuror, “()h most
noble and fantastic wizard, cven as though niak’sl that
remark, which flii-lh as :i gentle arrow to mine soul,
even as Ilioii Iliink’st mine body to be poorly, yet even
now is mine log and mine mind keen for the kill!”
'l'hon i'cloi'tod the wizard,"l wiin ye not Io run, so do
ye not so..,llowevcr, if run ye must, then run.”

.\Illl so, Irusly 'l‘iim, niosnici'ized by this last state--
Intent with anibivalencies, dutifully replied, as
each young vassel, “Yes, perhaps there are
chinks in mine armour, I shall not challenge those
stronger.” And so, as usual, the sorceror had con—
iui'ed his way again.

'l‘hen nioralizod the, chronichlcr: 'I‘hese tales show
that if the wizard bath a will, he Iiathaway.

dcsii‘e

nienl
must

North iii IIuaiI

sons. the build-up of ice was much
heavier than usual. With the ad-
vent of the thaw, icebergs tower-
ing fifty feet In the air had broken
off.

It was one such mammoth ice-
berg, grotesquer topped bya sew-
erage cap, thatcausedthe disaster.

Cancer, Capricorn Crushed

The iceberg crashed Into the
lower lounge. crushing Instantly
two dozen couples reading Henry
Miller.

A torrent of unusually colored
water followed, shortlngoutwlres.
and causing fires to spread
throughout the ill-fated dormitory.

Panic was widespread, but the
group of APA pledges made a
valiant effort to stop the ﬂames.
Making their stand in the Student
Union, they managed to hold their
own for a time. using some of the
four-tons of crushed ice the Union
keeps on hand, to combat the

flames.
Flume: Hit Groou

Unfortunately, the ﬂames spread
to the grease on the Union ceiling,
and then there was no stopping
the conflagration.

The doomed pledges conducted
themselves admirably, singing the
APA Hymn as they burned. Only
one proved unfaithful. He died
cursing the day he hadn‘t pledged
KB.

The KB pledges were at the
moment conducting a panty raid
in the safe confines of Alden. They
were definitely not singing the KB
Hymn.

-I-i
; ,'°
ﬁe;
CE: 3
_.==:
scum“
m-u
_m
can,
m-«ﬂn
a —
=m=
1: =r
m

Fl..\b‘ 1 lll’1.l.l".'l‘ll\'

'l‘he committee formed to study
the role of fraternities and soror-
ities has reached ii iii-cision. This
committee recommends that fra—
tci‘nilics and sororities bc abol-
ished and that new organizations
be formed to replace lhl‘ existing
fraternities and sororilics~

The committee suggests iiii~
nicdiati- abolition of ll’,ilt'l'llll|(“s‘
and sororities so that llli‘ ground—
work lor new organizations can

be started now
Campus Clubl
proposed organizations

Some
are a local branch of llll' \Illl‘l'li'.lll
\ssocialioii; thi- liov scouts
{fl—I‘llillilt' iiiiiri‘“giiiiililm-ils1|;ill\'t"
(iii'l Scouts ind ('iiiiplii‘i- (oils
to make IIIIII'I‘ use of (Iiiin liip
[)IlUll iili Wi-i‘ki-iiils; i i'ii I‘ll i II'
It oi'gaiiizilioii Iii Ioslwi i
Illllll‘l\l.lllll‘ill.’ >1 IIin' i'liisi-

licss III Ihi- "llil I i III liii» iiiiw H
(II Illi~
llllll’l

all Hi] « lIIIIJII‘ l‘l

IIIIl“lIIl‘Il"l
" (I illIIlI'
I lllIi

--.|iiili'lil w, J. l||

;.“li»iiji~. tli
li'||
llIlilII l

llt'I’s ul \IIIII i ii

Ill Illll\ lllil'l ll ill‘i
l.i< I\' lIIl' Illl‘ll i‘-l iii I,ii:' III I l~ii~ il
lilil‘ III'Ili
»\ill| i

l‘|lL'.‘ glilil il Ii
.IIIII i II: I IIil
giw' III' in .\ il' [Ii

Ili»\\i '.« I: ,l
IIi.il lllt
Ililllltli'
lllI‘ [Hi ‘vl'lll Il‘llii, liii ll‘
fwlliiis tIiIl lll‘ Ii.

l||ll lltlvl
[lill\|‘ .\I/l lli,\li,li

III III In i>~'ilil Iii 1

llt'lll
(mun il ll.l\l' I‘i \' ' ' i ‘v

ilw'isiliiis

 

 

