 

PAGE 2 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY. MAY 10, 1963

8!! News Hails Course Additions

We of the State University News wish to extend our’
wholehearted congratulations to all those responsible
for the additions to our curriculum.

The schedule of classes we have all been using for
pre—registration reveals many joyous finds.

The new courses range far and wide and include new
courses in virtually every field.

We especially rejoice at seeing the addition of two
new languages — Italian and Portuguese. We feel this
addition is long overdue.

The curriculum has been improved by changing two
hour courses to three hour courses. Also, for the first
time, there is a decent selection of history courses on
the 100 level. History shows the biggest increase in
courses with 24 hours offered for the first time on the
100 and 200 levels.

For the first time, Juniors will be allowed into some
200 level courses without complicated special permis-

New Campus Colossus

The plan for the Student Union on the new campus can
serve as a perfect example of poor planningor even the
complete lack of planning.

Many organizations which are now growing atfantastic
rates will be confined to areas no largerthan the rooms
available in the Union in Brubacher.

The StateUniversityNews is but one example of this.
There was no request from the various organizations as
to how much room or how many rooms would be needed.
As a result many organizations are complaining.

The design of the building, while esthetically pleasing
to some artists, is a poor excuse for a lack of careful
planning.

The building includes a central lobby which is 60
feet long and 60 feet wide. It is also a ridiculous three
stories high. It is only through the long and ceaseless
efforts of a few of our college administrators that this
lobby did not maintain its original measurements of
a one hundred foot square.

The entire office area, and meeting room section,
is planned around this central air bag. it does not
matter to the planners that the building is so designed
that our present typewriter pool service would have to
be abandoned or increased in size by three or four
times — at student expense. This is but one example
of probable results.

It seems to us that, Slile‘ the State is being so filthy
generous in donating us poor paupers this 70 million
dollar colossus, a little planning could be done before
rushing headlong into this vast project.

Our requests for changes have met with the usual
assuring words and lack of action. if" immediate steps
are not taken by our administration, the new campus
will become the most beautiful series of useless build—
ings since the recent craze for building monuments in
Washington, l). (7.

 

State University NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IBIS
BY THE CLASS OF IOIB

NEWS BOARD

 

[AA/ll) it, if Ill“:
minim”! itini

LINDA [A‘iSll ll

[KULUYIIU ftlitor

llAKl ff l’J‘Il l‘lt tr, (IAl ll

’A‘lll'l“ill“ lilitor

(.ilAlx’l l 5 ll, UAK! it

'iAlllIlf/ M. “()le litif
l’ublit Relations lditor A ’I 1”

limit”..- lilllu'

LINDA A, Md; LOUD

ﬂllllAMll ff ';
Assocmtu fdiior ‘ H AN

‘iporls l‘lllut

SYL VIA Li. L lCCARUl

lf lfll‘ f St I
Bonnet: Munugar J l H ' )H”

Aflvulll‘; IIHJ Monuqu

ANNE ll, UUCAN

1
Consultant Editor HHUA L m“ H

ronuultunt lili tor

KARON '3, SCH i: iNMAN

(M NH? l, Li ‘A C
CHCUlOlIOH-Elcllutlgc t'ditor f U HIMIN

Consultant lochnir ul Sutton/ism

r EDlTORlAL STAFF
Assistant Editor...  . ... . Ron Hamilton, l‘uulu llulok
Photographs” . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . lorry ltuilly, Poul limbo”, John Mayor
Desk l'ditors ....... “Jacqueline Adonis, Edith Hardy, Koren Kuulur, Hurry Gurrlnur
Columnists . lowull, Paul Jonson, thllpll A, ()(Jtllﬂl, (lfrly lquuk
Reporters .  Patricio Lilludliurrslii, RILliUfi’l l’ovli:

TECHNlCAL STAFF
Assistont lctlmir ’Jl Supervisor. .. .Suson llioiiiiam.
chlllthAl Asuisiuiil‘a (.luudio Colbert, Judy Conger, Dunno Nolan, l iiidu tau,

 

lCommuru'catr'on l
Could State GO
To College BOWl

To tho Editor:

The “intellectual apathy"of
which David Boroff accused us
back in the fall of '61 seems to
have lessened considerably since
that time.

This can be seen by the various
publications on campus that have
recently come to prominence. the
controversies and discussions
within the student body, the im-
proved Primer. the newly formed
Student Peace Group, and so on.

Now there is another indication
of this: lately, throughdiscussions
with fellow students, we have no—
ticed an interest in the possibility
of our college appearing on Col-
lege Bowl.

Now that we have achieved our
status as a University, we are on
a level with other schools appear-
ing on the program. One student
has. in fact. written to College
Bowl, inquiring about the proce—
dure of selecting schools and stu—
dents to appear on the program.

The reply stated that a request
from a school official was neces-
sary to secure this information.
Couldn't the administration look
into this'.’ Surely We have enough
intelligent students here who could
well represent our school as a
College Bowl team.

Pot Jewell
Agnes Lutl

Teacher Protests
Rating of Course

To tho Editor:

My attention has been drawn to
the publication, C_Ou[§§_ (lung l
have read the relevant parts of
the Guide with much interest and
more regret.

 

Assuming that those who are
involved in the passion are not
incapable of judgment (both faculty
and students): i wish to point out
just one unfortunate instance of
what in Parliamentary languagc
is called a terminological inex—
actitude about my l"reshman(‘om-
position class.

i refer specifically to the state—
meiit that l assign topics in my
classes. Except for the first
theme, the students iii my classes
not only (‘hHUSt' their topics but
are required to do so. indeed,
one of their problems is theehoir‘c
of suitable topics.

1 have, of course, ll‘ll‘tl to dis-
siizide my students when they hire
ll‘lt'tl to \‘k'l'lll' their research lltl-
pi-i‘s on such topics .is “.iir pol
lotion" or “some .ispi-ct of biol
ogy" \\'llllli|ll llllt‘ regard to llll'
l‘Kllt‘l'lllit‘llldl nature of thi- topics
villll .tl‘itt those studentswlioiihiiileil
to exercisi- llli‘ll‘ intellectual in
dependence trilliout-regard to it‘-
tistic Lisle, like llll'liill'\\’llli\\'$i!|lt‘ll
to writi-

than one lllt‘lll" on

“lioiiionmeiilily “

lllf‘l'f‘

ll INl [it lll‘ llttllt'il lli ll li't-i-iltiiii 'tl
l“l])l'l"$‘i|ltll ‘.\|ll iiol
liisis ll'I'I‘flftlll ll‘ftlll lll‘l‘s, ill on

ll i\i- liii ll:

lll'lllll\' ‘wyiiililiiiii Ililiiiily l’ llll’lllll
K. 5. Niiruyurio Rim

NOTICE

Rivalry
\ri opcii iiieeliiig to discuss the
“unity liill will be held \iindav.
\l.iy l'.’ in [Sin [tl‘|\‘.tlt' dining
room, at 0:00 p in

This nit-cling is in lower illlV
and all question-s anyone has about
the changes in the liivalry l’ro.
gram. \leiiibt-rs of Senate are
urged to attend to facilitate the
procedures at the Senate meeting
which Wlll approve the bill

 

.\i

u“

\\‘i\.‘

vi\ _
sfigl
.\;~.Q-l

‘ its

\

\\ \ \

 

 

 

 

«on

 

Sinai-laid

 

 

hi

vvvvvvvvv vvv

{compare thee to a summ—erfs day? 7
Thou are more lovely and more temperate.'

ﬁg ‘4.

Shakespeare

FOOD 0R FODDER?~---

The rations of the barracks seem to have hit an all lllllt' l(l\\ is» 'lll‘
past few weeks. Sundry dishes resembling everything from !:'I
paddy rejects to warmed over clumps of - - — - - - — — -—; speaking .5
- - - - - - — - ——. what about the pile that jointly compliments lllt' mt v
sevycr and beautifully graces the left corner(')f\\':itcrliiii'y’s dorm b~~ll
entrance" .\5 if the barnyard atmosphere weren’t enough. tiiu-J titt-
sun worshippers leave part of their personalities strewn .Iil
(form fields. Perhaps a few trash cans would remedy the suite

0 TEMPORA, 0 MORES!!!.....

While we're in the area. the morals of lirubacher “ladies” sir! .‘l
go up five points when the love-seats are replaced by study tie-ix
and hard. wall-to-wall benches in the date rooms, lint in the v' i.
love conquers all.

REJECT 0R ACCEPT?.....

Seems like a certain wizard is trying to wave his magic it till v
order to exclude a certain flrave and very Competent individual ‘1
the hallowed round table of the \ncient :ind \ff:ible Board of .lllilr'
contest supervisors. Aren’t competence, efficiency, knowledge. A
more than ample experience the proper qualifications for mini 
to fill this position” Could it be that there .ire otherquahhi-i'. '
We wonder if . . . . .. “"—

MURDER 0R SUICIDE?.....

Ace bandages and casts have surltlcnlv become the ortlr-i i ' "
weekends. There are two plausible reasons for this” either thy '
that the locations are so far from \lbanv that students endanqu “
lives by being forCed to drive: or the immature and irresponsible -
titudc of those who value many glasses of beer over llll‘li' min "
Let's hope that in the future students :i re capable of driving. ill ml
and thinking without taxmg themselves excessively,

AMBIGUOUS AUTHORSHIP—WELL, ALMOST.....

llumor has it that It certain member of the l.isl supper t‘iti
later be hung before he can squander his thirty pieces of ~ii r 'i
the informer will become our freshmen counterparts III will
Journalism, Since ll will be (‘oiiiinoiily \‘taied, it should lie < 
known by all to prepare the f'i‘i-slii‘iiiI-n‘class for the llll‘lllt'iifI» r
slinging vendetta.

LOST WEEKENDS.....

Where Will .ill the fil‘l‘i‘l iiis go"
be closer than you think
pi‘t).

\ig'iii-il «iii! liii‘ ll!
llllll' H'llllt‘ lll'\ t'tllllil lt'l l’

in 1‘. , "
'lhi-si-

SCHOLASTIC EXCELLENCE7777.....

lloiisiiig [ll‘llltlt‘lll‘illJW"1ll'lit'li‘slllllliil‘l \i’ll ‘* ‘
lll‘ tripling for summer school \ow lllll .\I"\I‘ lll wvii lb-
s'l'hool catalogue, ll tloi-sii't look thin |\',!llll‘lli llii~ lll'l’ :l‘. i'
.is well .is ill" conflict in timi- of
iiepiirtiiii-iits

>xl“»‘»|'lll 1H

t i

lll'lﬁl ‘w’lllili‘i l. i'.i i. ll!

7 OF THE WEEK77777,.,.

Hill the Common winters be it \l'i‘.ili‘.‘ l ii lliy'

 

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, MAY l0

/: l0 p.iii. SUO Muiutliini l)oiit e
SATURDAY, MAY ll

71flfl«~‘): l5 p.in. "Hicyi lt.‘ lltltJ

it“) p.iii. Cuuiiaulor".
WEDNESDAY, MAY l5

(Jiflfl p.iii. WAA Allilotit Huiitioet  ,  - 1

ton pa... suo "A nan", ..i the tin, limit!" '

1:50 p.iii. Ml A Meeting ‘1
SATURDAY, MAY l8
Il0:l.5 u.iii. Movmq Up [Joy
SUNDAY, MAY l9

l:00 p.iii.

 

l”- if f)

lsfl'4HlHlll (rilllit: iv!

l‘ iiji: lli‘

loiiior lloiiqtlui llalluftl'r

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 10, 1963 PAGE 3

 

 

W; gel. ,

   
 

Common Stator Philosophy

Many recent issues of the Common Stater have come
under fire for what they have had to say, and the way
they have been saying it. Since it is important that
the readers better understand this column, we would
like to present a Common Stater Philosophy.

The Common Starcr is a student editorial or feature
column to be written by members of the student body
who are very close to most aspects of Campus life. it
is their job to take a very long and close look at our
student body, the faculty, the administmtion, and any
other issue which is concerned in some way with the
University.

.\ccordingly they find faults, humorous situations.
and praise—worthy happenings to comment on. They
can be blunt or sublte, ironic or bitingly sarcastic,
humorous or serious. it is up to each set of Common
Staters to formulate their own philosophy.

Naturally the News itself has a philosophy of the
true function of this column. which they conVey to the
writers. Basically, we feel that the Common Stater is
a student column which through a creative style of
writing uncovers, exposes, and comments on issues
pertinent to the l'niversity. They should deal with
issues and groups as opposed to individuals.

Some items may be humorous and sarcastic just
for the sake of entertainment, but in general they
should attempt to deal with real issues. These is—

sues should be handled with a positive purpose.

Some times the mere presentation of a subject or
situation will help lead to correction. Some people
have a lot to say, but do nothing about the Situation,
when it appears in the open, the truth hurts, and
often prods them off their sedentary seats.

Much of the fault of the Common Stater, if one ser—
iously exists, is in the way it is read. People seem
to think it is gospel, but it is far from this. it is not
editorial policy, it is not always undisputable fact,
and to be mentioned in it does not damn you for life.

it should be read with an open—unbiased mind. The
sarcasm, irony and humor should be enjoyed, The
issues presented should be thought about but not ex—
aggei‘ated.

it is a column pertaining to and completely involved
with the intricasies of our school. it does not have to
apply to any group other than the students who attend
and take :in :ictiVe part in our l'iiiVersity.

\‘.'e would like to invite students, faculty, and ad—
ministration alike to submit letters expressing their
views on the (‘ommon Stater.

MYSKANIA, Senate Form
Committee to Define Roles

iiiil presented llli' probleiiiot MYV
l‘»'. \.\l\ .l i'iiiil'l .‘llltl All
"I‘llill' .icliiig iii
s that is pass actual legr-

\t list xii-ck“: \‘eiiilc Him-ting,
\lel‘: \\l\ [ii'i'si'iilt‘Ii :I |ll".\ iiiil
interesting student gm

ji.ii‘iii~iil:ii'|\’,

wine; .is‘
I‘l"-| l'II' i ll‘llf‘ legiin
llllt
l.illii!l.

lyo pointed out that \l\'\'|\1\,\l \
has decided only out- real cast- in
llll' its! four years. ‘lliis out-visi-
i'illiillillb'l‘ \\ ix Ilia! \\'llll‘ll ltillom‘il the Dirt--
ltlllll ioiiriiaiiii-iil.

"l'llllll'lll ill'l more
for .\l\"~'l\'.\.’\l \.
brink-rick i1. \iiiiili, the l'lllll"
lll Ill (ll \lYT‘lK’ \\l \., llllf'lll‘fl lliI' I'i'
llitl'lf\ \\llll .i ~llll'liit'lll lhil lliw
gi'Iilili lii- lIiI'IiiI‘il l
which ‘.\lll iii-.il \iilli iii-liiiiin', the
t'iili'~» iil lllt' llil'i‘I' lii'iiii'liv's' «if
Cools Ploriiicd
\llillll lilllllll'il mil lh:il tilll‘ i'l‘

willl Iil llll‘ \Klll llt‘ lii

~~.llltli'l|l :{oiwi'iiiiii-iil

i‘HllllliIllf't‘

TlirL-u Briiiitlies Represented l‘\.l)t)“|' llp- llili‘ “.111111- i,| '\l\'\
llii~ llillll “Itlllllillll‘t' \Klll «li'l~.\ |~~'. \\l\ .lllil l'i'lllli'l‘ the lei-ling lllil
int-inln‘r. litl \l\ xix  \. lilt' ‘ilil the gi'oiip is lllllt' llllil'l’ llltll .i
llt‘lll \ mo: |.|l| lliIIllll l'l wtl’ill’ci "t‘t‘l't'l social groiili.
int and \iiii'y Iliiiiiiiiiii), illll "‘ltl llll‘ llI'H'l rivet-ting oi this joint
ilciil‘wiialw t'fllllllllllt‘i‘ Will lti' lll'ltl III llit'
l‘il'*~lililil tei‘iui will wiml Ibi' l‘rivile iliiuiig ltooiii in loin-r
.iliowill «Hr lii'uliicliwr ll.il| llllri lIii-sil.i\ .i!

lilt'lllltl‘l .«il \I‘lllll'
.’-:iii Ibis met-ling 1:. iilli'll

.iiiyoiii- lllll

Hll lili'l'iilllllillll‘l‘ ll.li|.

.Ioliii | lyo, llli' \II‘i‘
ill Mthi; \\| \, siiiilsi- .llll‘l' \iiiilli

i'li.ililii.li| lt) l‘\l'l'\'tlllt'

lll .lllt‘lltl.

 

Hittiirtliiy Miiy ll

Vittorio rle Sicu’s
““ THE BICYCLE THIEF”

Academy Award winner ~—

Best Foreign Film

'7:()() 84 tlzlﬁ

iii-thing

 

Milli)

 

 

Student Objects To
Hell Night Comments

To t'rio Editor:

Last week's Common Staterdis-
played the most flagrant violation
of all standards of discretion, and
showed a real ignorance of some
important facts and considera—
tions.

it there was anyone to blame for
the outbreak of all the rumors
which started during the days pre-
ceding Hell Night, it was lorthose
people who misunderstood the
standards set down liyl.S.C. There
was no statement issued from any
administrators concerning Hell
Night save that it should begin
after the pledges had eaten.

The article concerningthe “Tat-
tle—tale Sheets" was, to my opin—
ion, a second indication of mis—
understanding on the part of the
writers. .\committeecomposedof
students and Administration was
created in February to look into
the problems of the social regu—
lations at l'niversity functions.

Much of what was contained in
those reports is a result of these
meetings. l sincerely feel that
these sheets may be a step in the
direction of creating betterunder-
standing between faculty and stu-
dents in the area of chaperonage.

Before the advent ofthese forms
students were unsure of the dele—
gation of authority and responsi—
bility for organization of and con-
duct at social functions. Perhaps

 

Communications

the timing of their issuance sug—
gests that this was an attempt to
gather evidence against fraterni-

ties, but i do not believe this to
be the case.

Of the other articles in the col-
umn i shall not comment save that
they were in poor taste. i should
strongly urge that the Common
Staters adhere to the purposes of
their column — the constructive
criticism of areas and incidents
which the individual or the Uni-
versity has been injured.

Susanna Murphy '64

Girls Refute Quips

Levied on Sorority

To the Editor:

lt set-ms that the t‘ommonstzitcr
has ce rt a i n l v m'ersteppetl its
bounds this past week. It is one
thing to be teased in a complimen-
tary manner about bows, knee
socks, and a mortgagcd house.

Hut when one or two have the
audacity to assume that a liolies-
pierre is controlling the nameless
sorority house on State Street,
they are not only insulting the
nameless sorority girls. but also
the person in question.

“or deart‘onimonstaterfriends,
We firmly belieVe that you haye no
right to unjustifiably criticiZe one

Gerald Drug C0.

217 Western Aie. Albany, N. Y.
Phone 8-3610

 

 

 

 

who has been devoted to the duties
of her position.

Eve ryone will agree that the sar-
casm and“wise“ statements which
appear every week in the Common—
stater are amusing. This is true
when we are humorously critici-
zing our classmates and school ac-
tiyities.

But, no mature student. using
any amount of intelligence. would
assume the responsibility to de-
grade or make fun of a person
serving in such a supervisory
capacity.

Sara Sterling
Mary Lou Molno

SUPPORT

1963 MOVING
UP BAY

0N SATURDAY
MAY 18

 

 

 

 

Book Department of the

nonoiv-niv 13 is the
DEADLINE

Caps and Gowns in the

for ordering

CO-OP

 

READ

 

Books are available!

Books are a good investment!

Books are part of an education!

Books are inexpensive!

Books make ideal gifts!

 

 

 

