 

  

PAGE 2

S. It. News Explains Positions

The State University News was criticized in the “pe-
titions” which were circulated about the secrecy of
MYSKANIA. The complaint was that the News had not
investigated the entire situation independently and had
not published all information available.

We are happy to announce that we have every intention
of continuingto disappoint people who expect us to behave
like the writers of a couple mass circulation daily
tabloids.

We have no intention of ever attempting to convict
by exposure. We have no intention of rivaling or ham-
pering judicial processes.

We do not feel any obligation to run around listening
to the rumors and half-truths. Similarly we will not
print anything about a situation as grave as the Cortland
one until we have some assurance of accuracy.

We cannot help but be disappointed that there is a
group on this campus which would want us to rival our
judicial group.

This does not mean that we feel everything was done
perfectly by MYSKANIA or by ourselves, but we do not
feel that the answer is in descending to the level of those
papers who sensationalize crimes.

We feel that the situation required the utmostof care
and the most careful of treatment. We hope that the
stories which appear in today’s paper will satisfy the
desires of the petition signers.

[act (it Concern Apparent

Sayles Hall is the home of approximately one hundred
girls and many, many happy and unhampered thieves.
The situation has existed for many months, perhaps many
years. It is a known fact that the antiquated system of
keys and locks which continues to stumble alongin Sayles
Hall is the basis for the thievery.

The petty bureaucrats who control the dorm and appar-
ently those who control the ownership of the dorm have
repeatedly expressed a blatant lack of concern. The fact
that the thievery has become more severe this year than
ever before seems not to matter.

We consider the lack of action disgusting. If a person
is paying for a room whichis to house two people, there
should be exact provision made so thatthe room will be
open to no more than those who are doing the paying.

We wholeheartedly and enthusiastically condemn the
lack of action as being utterly inexcusable. The Alumni
Association has raised its rates for its two dorms only
in order to keep its rates equal to those of the Dormi—
tory Authority.

It is clear that the Alumni Association does not have
the pressing financial demands facing it that the Dormi—
tory Authority does have. We feelthat money should be
available to replace the locks in Sayles Hallwhich have
encourage the pilfering which has occurred this year.

 

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY, APRIL i9

1:00 p.in. Seience Colloquium Lecture Page Hall

7: l5 p.mi. IFG: l'Mr. Roberts" Page Hall
SUNDAY, APRIL 2i

2:00 p.m. Waterbury Open House . . . . . .. Waterbury

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24

 

 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  

6:30 p.m. KME Dinner. University Club
THURSDAY, APRIL 25
7:30 p.m. Discussmn of Publication Budgets Bro
I e e or
State Universin NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY I916
BY THE CLASS OF IOIB
NEWS BOARD
DAVID JENKS ............................................................................. .,EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
LINDA LASSELLE... .....Executive Editor
JOSEPH GALU ........ .. ...Monag|ng Editor
CHARLES BAKER... Relatione Editor
.ANDRA DONALDSON . Feature Editor
LINDA MCCLOU ...... .. elociate Editor
WILLIAM COLGA  porte Editor
SYLVIA LICCARDI Bueineu Editor
ANNE E, DUGAN . Consultant Editor

 Coneultant Editor
ration-Exchange Editor

 
 

CLIFFORD R G ...... ..  Advertlein Mano er
OLIVER BEAUCHEMIN  oneultont Technical upervlgor
EDITORIAL STAFF
Auletant Editor.   .     .Poula Dulaii, Eugene Tobey
Photography.......... .... “Terry Reilly, Poul Bachorx, John Meyer
Deni: ditore.......,.,................................Joon Ioury, Sally Heal , Patricia Jewel
Reporter; ......... ..Jocqueline Adamo, Bernice Aleo, Edith Har y, Karen Keefer

Richard Paviie. Patricia leudtiewllil, Kit Rorog, Jmnne Soblfr

Columniete..................................... ..........Poui Jenlen, J. A. Garner, Gary Lucxalr
TECHNICAL STAFF

Aeeietuni Technical Sopervinor........................................................Siiean Thorneon

Technical Allietante...................... Claudia Colbert, Judy Conger, Donna Nolan,

indo Stacy

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 19, 1963

Best Short Story
To Be Given Prize

Details concerning the Leah
Lovenheim Prize in English Com-
position for 1963 have been re-
leased by the English Department.
All W are eligible
for the prize of $25 being offered
for the best short story.

There are no restrictions re-
garding form or length. All manu-
scripts should be typed using
double spacing. Your name should
appear under the title ofthe paper.

Place “For Lovenheim Contest”
in the upper right hand corner of
page one. Hand in all stories in
Dr. Mcllwaine’s office, Richardson
282, not later than 4 p.m.. May 10.

SP6 to Sponsor

Robert Herman

Student Peace (lroup presents
its final speakerofthe year, Robert
Herman of the United Nations
Speakers‘ Bureau. His speech is
entitled “Don’t (let Off The See—
Saw Unilateraliy.”

in addition to his work with the
United Nations, he is a world
traveler and Director of Research
and Fiscal Policy, New York State.
Division of Budget.

He will speak onThursdayeven—
ing, April 25th, at 8:00 p.m.. in
Rrubacher Private Dining Room.
All students, faculty, and friends
are welcome.

I Notices I

Juniors

Will all juniors planningto grad-
uate next year please sign up at
Husted student counter April 16—19
for senior pictures to be taken the
last two weeks in April.

:\ $2.00 sitting fee will be
charged which will be applied to any
order.

This will be the only time senior
pictures will be taken -— they will
iﬂl be taken in the fall.

 

Summer Theater

Dr. Paul Hriice l’cttit, (‘hairman
of the Department of Speech and
Dramatic .\rt, announces that ap-
plications for workingwith the 1963
season of the State i'niversity
.\renn Summer 'i‘hcziirc are now
available and may be obtnincd in
Richardson 28:"), Richardson 289,
and from the bulletin board by
Richardson ‘29] (Studio Theatre).

Students and others who expect
to Like one or both of the Arena
courses in thc six—ww-k summer
session (Sb 276 and Sb 377) or who
would likc to work with the \rcna
thcatrc productions on purely it
non-credit basis ill‘t‘ requested to
complete the applicationblanksiind
to return them to Dr. i’cttit's of-
fice (Richardson 28:3) :is soon :is
possible.

For further information regard—
ing the Arena Summi-r'i'heiitrennd
thi- summcr courses in :iri-nzipro-
(lili'tlini, plciisc i'iiiiiiiclciihci' l’i'o»
icssor .izimcs l,l‘()ilili‘il in Richard»
son 2H9 or Dr. i’citit.

Junior Class

liob i“;iii'b.inks, Junior ('iiiss
i’rcsiiicnt, announces that class
rings will be sold in Illl‘ lower

liusti-d-Richardson i’crislvlcs on
Monday, April 39 from it) ii,lii. to
It p.m. it is necessary lllliiin' your
receipt and cash balance. This is
the only time that thc ring salesman
will in here.
Articles

(‘il‘iipilH (‘ommission announces
that a collection of wallets, bunk
books, it'ltl notebooks has been :ic-
cumuiatoi‘ over the i‘liistcr Vaca—
tion. 'i'hr sit articles may be re—
claimed at the information Doskby
Minerva anti by describing the lit"—
tlclc. Again, warning is givun to
students ratio do not reclaim lost
articles 'i‘hesearticies(including
clothing) will be donatedto the Sai—
vation Army

 

 

 

 

 

 

"It is much easier to be critical than to be correct"
Benjamin Disraeli

SEASONABLE EVENT. . ..

Spring is the time whena youngman's fancy turns to . .
in most cases these men have saved diligently all year for Ilil»
affair.
periodically throw a PARTY to break the monotony. 'i‘hc itiltlllllh"
tion recently called a conclavc with all Fraternity Presidents .in i
President of i.l’.C. What, pray tell, was discussed at such s sun I
conference or need we ask? We wish all of you a safe and sin-cu
weekend.

POPULATION EXPLOSION. . . .

'i‘ogetherncss is all well and good, but we believe the housing poi
has progressed from the sublime to the ridiculous. Since iwo ,;
dorms are close to fire traps (when they have electricity), the hon

office has decided to transform our other existingstructures to oi» i
Possibly three men can live ina room but it sccins high '

uniformity.
impossible that three women, with “hoop skirts and bustics,”

possibly fit in the present accommodations. Perhaps thu- lid:
Mother’s League, the Housing Office, and the Admissions it"
should get together and [RON this one out.

REPRIEVE. . ..

Eurekali at last it is here. Yes. we now have :in .\ppczils it it
First envisioned in the wild imagination ofn member of the Si‘f}.
we hail the power of the press. SI'N has been vindicated. [Thou
retract its retraction. However? Wt} find it hard to liclicvc ill ii '
PRRSiimN’l‘ created committee has actually been formed. .\il's‘l"
entered into the case of good faith; they handled the lil('lill'ili wiih
nity and solemnity. By the l’RiCSiiNCN’i‘S’ action it ncw prcccdcn' ‘
been established. Has the integrity of .\iYSKAMA liccn ji-opuriiixcl
so, will .\lYSKANiA now become a pureiv honorary bodv wiih no
n'iinistrative support‘.’ (inc othcr question, would 13 illi'lllltt‘i'*~
Administration or Faculty be willing to sacrifice—the liliiiil'iri'
and energy required to siftout ihc facts, it' they would h:ii'c bi-cii '-
tiiriiy surrendcrcd'.’ i
iNCOMPLETE STORY. . ..

'l‘hcri- \vcrc sonic thrcc—hiiiidrcii sweating bodics piii‘kl‘il II-'
dining hall to witness a recent Senate meeting. it w.is pl.iin‘
that the ordinary run of thc ruili business was iioi io Ilt‘ coiiiiiii'lc
evening. .\s the principal spciikcr rosc to spcnk, a brilliant Iii-I’ll
in the quail, this was not as cnsiiingi-vi-nls provi-d, the light oi rc
tion. The fine art of passing llic “iil'(‘i\'", mine lull cIi'I'lr.
member of lhc Administration was asked to spciik in :iiiswi-r to
belitioiis. 'l'iiis Dean of Men, who Siliill rcmziin inimcicss, sl ill” 1'
this petition was resortedtobcciiusc lin-rc wzisii liii‘k oi commuii» i'
bi-twccn the students :indiidiiiinisi ration “\\'h:itcvcr that is." \i:- iv. -‘
on otlici‘ fronts zi resignation and it fliiry of :ipologn-s brought '
siirizico a situation that his Ill't'il long in nci-d oi t't'f‘Illit‘dliiliI Ill 1 “
is tiii- role of tlic chapcrouc. (Jui- i-iiiipi-i'oin- did givc up Iii" l i"
itili‘llil the .Jiinior i’rom. \\'ccommcndthis faculty incinbci'. bill l“'
who :irc 'iiill\\’:ii‘i‘ of Illi'li' responsibilities we suggi-si .t int-mu c
explaining their duties.

i

NOT IN THE CARDS. . ..

in perusing the siimmcr school catalog wc S‘ci‘ HMHV lil'“"" ‘l"‘ '
i-Ixritiiig courses beingol'fcri-ii. \\'hni it Ii‘t‘ltl [I Will tic, .tlli'i Ill‘ '
in thc litil‘ industrial :iiiiiospiicri- of the institution, to iii-nit “'H ‘ "l
home to the wonderful cool Air (‘onilitioiiod dorms. ch, iiic l"i' ‘
population attending summer school will be :iccoiiimoiiiiti-ii in lbc loi'
amidst tho lap of luxury to which they llith been nccusionicil. \l"
lied to believe thosc girls will ionda nomadic i‘th‘Il'iii‘l‘ :15 ill" "1" '“ '
crews move throughoutthedorms'.‘ fir maybe, there will it" ’1" "I" ”‘ I
of the dorms this summer, iiut this is iiciihcr .n-rc nor Illi'i'i', to'
remains that the days of summer apartments lii'l' Wm“ M “I'M!”
trutive Decree.

GOOD KONNIGHT. . . .

After Mr. and Mrs. ii. had iuckcil their littli- darlings into in

lh” HII'IS. casting their caloric (mums 10 “H. Winds. 51mm (hum!
amidst gmai' stomach rumblings, ioilieKi'i‘(‘iii-Ii\‘. Arc tbcsc iioctiii ii ii
“WSW” WW'ih risking inn, limb, and (‘AMi’tiS tor li‘i'liivci' ...y~.i.-o
The meals iIi'i' bad enough ll

meal and congealed grizzle burger"!
6:00, We wonder what refrigeration does to improvo tin-m.

QUESTION OF THE WEEK????

Will the Common Staters ask each other to their weekends?

 

 

.\\'l'fl’,l\'iv ‘. c

This is in definite contrast to the boys across ihc run-r 

 

Lawrence of Arabia, Spectacular;
Acting, Filming, Direction - Superb

by Paul Jensen

in recent years motion picture
viewers have had foisted upon
them a seemingly endless series
of “spectacular” films.

Some are Hollywood epics, such
as Ben-Hur and Spartacus, some
are distinctively italian (Hercules
and that ilk) and some are Holly—
wood—Italian mutations, like The
Tartars.

Amid this morbid mass of film
footage, there has been some oc—
casional quality (the photography
and direction of El Cid, for exam—
ple). However, this was usually
counteracted by some disasterous
failures in another department (El
Cid's script).

Fulfillment

I suppose it was inevitable, lll-
though it seemed an impossible
dream, that someone, somewhere
would one day makc’a spectacle
that was good in all departments.
Lawrence of Arabia has fill it i l 1' ii
that hope.

All aspects of ' are
not only good — they arecxccllent.
The script by Robert Roll is not
didactic, pedantic or inconsequen—
llzll. Logical, sensible, originiii,
believable — these adjectives can
be applied not only to thr- screen—
ply but to thc film as :i whole.

Enigma Remains

itolt wisely rcfriiins from mzik—
ing any judgment about Lawrence.
'i‘hi» character iswrittcn, :indplziy—
oil, :is the enigma he was. The
question of what drove him to thc
dcsert and why hc ti‘lcd to ililllt‘
the \rnbs against the lurks is one

7
"Lawrence

that is essentially unanswerable,
and always will be.

Peter O’Toole’s portrayal of
Lawrence flashes with brilliance:
the inner twistings and turnings the
self—torture, the genius and the un—

certainty are all there. The“sup-

porting” cast, while not as good,
varies only in its degree of ex—
cellence.

Jack Hawkins and Anthony Quinn
are as brilliant as O'Toole, com-
pletely submerging themselves in
their roles. AlccGuinness,Claude
Rains, Anthony Quayle and Omar
Sharif are merely excellent. and
Jose Ferrcr, while giveniittle im—
portant to do, does it well.

Technical Aspects

i’ictoriully, the movie is a
marvel. Beautifully composedund
photographed shots of the desert,
magnificently planned battle
sr‘cncs, dramatic and intimate
character conflicts, and excellent
use of shtidow are all here, in
their turn.

For this the ciimcrnmcndcscrvc
much credit, but director David
l.(‘:lil ilcscrvcs more. it is he who
had control over these elements,
and it is mainly thanks to him that
this film is \\’ll:li it is.

And \i’ll:ii is Lawrence of Arabia'_’

it is :i four—hour film, shot in
Supcr i’:in:i\'ision 70, full of stars
and :i ('iiS‘I of thousands, with epic
liitllll.‘ scenes, which bcciiilsc of
these elements. not iicspiii- them.
is :i great film. “(iri-iit" isiid—
miitcdly :i strong word. but in this
case it is :i iriily filling one.

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY, APRIL 19. 1963

  

PAGE 3

Hartley Answers iiuestions About Cortland incident,
Discusses Faculty Role in Incident at Senate Meetiig

Dean David Hartley, Dean of
Men, addressed the Student Senate
and several hundred students at the
Senate meeting immediately pre—
ceeded the Spring Recess.

He began his part of the meeting
with a lengthy explanation of the
rumors and of what was done in
transferring the consideration of
the situation to MYSKANIA.

The students showed more in—
terest in the question period than
in the narrative portion.

The questions varied from the
obvious to the impcrtineni.

Appeal Committee

The only major revelation inthe
narrative portion was that one
student, Joseph (l. ’/.wickli‘)auer,
appealed the decision of.\iYSi(Ai\'—
iA. .\ special .\ppeals (‘ommittec
was sci up to handle this appeal.
'/,wicklbaur.-r’s name was not men-
tioned.

A major portion of the question
pcriod centered on the qiicsiion of
whether or not any faculty mem—
bers were involved in any of the
incidents which provoked the :‘c—
tions Iilkt‘ll.

llzirtlcy's :iiiswcrs to tiicsc qi .‘H-
lions appeared to cvililt‘ the issue.
ilc stated that no person who is paid
as faculty was involved or was
known to have been invoivcd. He
said “Does :inyonc know everyone
who was there?” in referenci- to
attendance of faculty llil'nllii‘i'S.

The erosion sccmi-d cli-iirby ihc
fnct thatii“liib;issist;int” was sup—
posi-dly involved. This pcrson is

Peter A. Spina. All answers con-
cerning faculty involvement were
based on the distinction between
faculty and lab assistants.

The questions continued — Were
there any actions taken againstthc
students from Buffalo? The answer
boiled down to a statement that no
official notice of actions have been
given to any member ofthe admin—
istration so far as he knew.

Did any faculty members witness
the events? Again the answer was
based on the presumed inability to
ascertain exactly who was there.

One Group's insufficiency

Hartley mentioned thathe turned
the matterover to .\lYSKANlA when
the actions taken by one group iii-
volved was decidedto have been in—
sui‘ficent. At least one member of
Potter expressed his disappoint—
ment about the actions taken by
their group.

\t'as the number of persons who
complained sufficient to warrant
additional action',‘ The number was
not considered important.

Forthright Answer

Docs .\iYSKAMA have the right
to decide the falcofothcr individu—
“Yes.”

.\l Y S i\' ,\ N i .\ acting on

'l‘hc ililSWi’i‘ boiled down

:ils'.’
\\:is
riimors‘.’
to “no.”

Were there any phone calls to
people in ('ortiiinii‘.’ \\'crc thcsc
czills used for cvidi-nce‘.‘ The first
qiicstion apparently was misunder—
stood by iiiirili-y. .\t various
times during ihcqucstionpi-riodhe

 

 

 

why more peeple smoke Winston than any other filter cigarette.
Flavor does it every time—rich, golden tobaccos specially

selected and specially processed for filter smoking!

 

PURE WHiTE. ‘
MODERN FILTER A A 7

 
 

" E 

pics [Fi'LiER- VBWLEND op mom

i a. to sit

a i It .I liiinuliis 'l‘iiliniiui'niniini-y. \\iiisiuii Salem N C,

 

answered both yes and no.

He stated that calls hadbeen re-
ceived, but he did not state whether
MYSKANIA used information from
the calls as evidence.

A senator based a question on the
words of Hartley. Hartley stated
at one point about faculty attend-
ance that no one can be sure who
was there. He inferred that itwas
possible to know what students

were there and involved in the
questioned acts.
Unpleasantries

When a senator asked about the
apparent contradiction, H a rt 1 ey
replied that he thought the senator
was attempting to trap him.

When a student attempted to

' project enough so that he could be

heard through the Main Dining
Room of Rrubachcr, Hartley ac—
cused him of speaking to him im-
politely. This was only a temper—
ary setback because Hartley ac-
cepted the statement of the student
that he was trying to be heard.

\\'ho set up the Appeals (‘om—
miitce',’

“President (‘oliins . . .

Did the administration see the
brlcfs used by .\lYSix’ \.\'i.-\‘.’ The
answer appeared to be no. Does
the adininistraiimi have access to
tiicm'.’ 'i‘hc anSWcr was probably.

Did the faculty who were there
trying to do anything to control the
events in the stands at the games?
iliirtley asked that what can you
do with intoxicated [ii-oplo in a
group of 40 or it).

What :icts were considered in
preparing thc rccommcndiitions:
what :icts does the administration
consider for its actions? Hartley
stated that as lhc Dean of Men he
considers thc actions which are
public. lie asked “When am i not
Dean of Men?”

Explanation

He stated that acts which are
committed when representing tllc
i‘nivi-rsity or in situations where
thi- l'nivcrsity or ililV group of the
i'nivi-rsity can be iniplicutr‘ui will
be considered.

\\'h_y was the action t:iki-n;igziinst
him l't‘('()l'lll‘ll only ononc student's
rocord',’ Ii isbiiiiig‘ri-cordi-donthe
record of cvcry studi-iii involved.

l'hc qiii-siions wi-rc :ii times
\voi'iicil in ways which \isibly .iii—
Ili)\'l'il llill'Ili'y, \‘irvcrai times :i
qiicsiion which could not bc
tliiS\\i'l'I‘il liy;lli\"i)lll‘lilil .\l'i’Six’ \NiA

wcri- :iski-d \lso those questions
\\'llii‘ll ii.id to be i'\'.'i(lt‘ll by ii;irtlcy
\\'i'i't‘ i'cpc.iti-il iii only slightly

different iorms.

l‘hc ciilii'c siiiiiiioii was diffi-
cult. ll ii‘llcy was put lii ilic posir
iliiii iii spl'iliiiiq li)l' \l\'\'l\'\.\I\
iii-spili- ilic l.lI'l lbii lil' did not

.iliciid iiicii' int-clings iii-cxposi-ii
hiiiiscil to (Illl‘\iliiii\ iboiii il1i~l:ib
,lllii lo qucslions which
\\I‘i‘l' Discd on llli' iiilci'pi'ci.itioiioi
Illi‘ .\iYSlx‘ \\i  i'i-innisi-

lilli'
which \\i‘i'l‘ pi‘cpdi'cd in .idvnnci-
i|.ii'iicv .insui-rcd spontaneously
.iilhough iioi coiiipiclclv.

\l no linn- cxcwpi \ihcn ii:iriicv
i'i'.iil Illl' \l\ \l‘. \.\l \. i‘i‘li‘.is‘i' \\’i'i‘ii
,iny mun-s oi iiiiliiiduilsorgroups

.issisldiii

stinicnls isle-d qiicsiions

iisi-il

 

STUDENT UNION
SNACK
BAR

OPEN

Mon—Thurs, 9—l0:45 P.M.
Fri.,-Sai., 9— I2:30 A.M.

Sunday 4—l0245 A.M.

 

 

 

 

 

