 

 

 

PAGE 2 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FR.IDAY.MAY 17. 1963

 

Efficiency or Ignorance ?

Do our Student Association senators realize that

they have a responsibility to our Student Body or do
they think that their positions are just nice little status
symbols that will really look great on their records?
We are beginning to wonder?

The year seemed to be off to a great start as the
first few meetings lasted an average of about 45 min—
utes. It appeared as if true organization and efficiency
had finally hit our legislative body.

But we are now beginning to wonder ifthis speed was
due to a lack of nerve on the part of the almost com—
pletely new Senate to question what was being done,
or maybe it was a lack of knowledge about what was
being considered.

They passed bills. appointments, and the firstbudgets
presented with no questions. Let us take the Editor’s
salary for an example. Now don’t misunderstand, we
are thankful that it was passed and we strongly feel
that it is necessary and proper, but what we do object
to is the lack of concern or interest shown by Senate.
Why should such a matter escape serious discussion
when for the past two years it has been defeated over—
whelmingly (last year, 34—4). Does this not merit at
least a small amount of discussion?

It is true that under the present budget set up most
such discussion is to take place during the first and
second readings which are held in committee, but how
many senators other than those on the assigned com-
mittee were there to question the salary move — three.
This committee and open n'ieeting system is good, but
it is necessary that the Senators have enough interest
and sense of responsibility to attend these meetings —
apparently they possess neither.

We are not trying to put Senate In a bad light, for
they are just getting underway, and the, S..\. .\dminis—
tration is trying its best to make it a more efficient
and powerful body, but we would remind the Senators
that they were elected by the student body to do a
job. Having accepted the responsibilities of this job,
they must be willing to put in the adequate time, energy,
and interest to consider the issues before them for
more than the hour or two of meeting every Wednesday

Co/lege Calendar

FRIDAY, MAY I7

 

 

I200 p.m. Comparative Literature Lecture . . . . . . , . . , , . . . . . . . , . , , . . . .. D 349
4:00 p.m. Baseball . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . .. College Playing Field
7 & 9:30 p.m. IFG: The Hustler..................,,,,.,.  . D 349

SATURDAY, MAY I8
l0:l5 a.m. Moving Up Day
2:00 p.m. Baseball

College Playing Field

SUNDAY, MAY I9

3-5 p.m. Waterbury Hall Open House

5:30 p.m. Pi Omega Pi Banquet Herbert's
MONDAY, MAY 20

 p.m. Arena Summer Theatre R 29I
TUESDAY, MAY 2I

7:30 p.m. Arena Summer Theatre h’ 29I
THURSDAY, MAY 23

8:30 p.m. Marco Cunningham Page lIuII

 

State University NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IOIO

BY THE CLASS OF IOIB

NEWS BOARD

 

[)A Mi) N, If HI‘U
I l.r .r..n-' Incl
LINDA l Abbi L I l IIAKI R

EICLUTIVC fditnr

ion I‘ll a, MAI, ll
Minniij I lilut

CHAHI I S H, ISAK i It
PULIIt. Relation: Iditor

‘i/illltltA M, lI’JHAI I".le
Ilfllli/ll' I rliitn

IINIJA A, MirtOUt) utillAMiI,"ll’iAll
Assoriiitc lilitor ‘)‘/A|") l litoi

"aTI VIA B, [If r AHIJI
Business Manager

JOAtttti l,‘.t)l'ilt‘-
A ivrsrtiziii; Manager

ANNI. t, UUfaAN
Consultant Editor

titiLJA l‘~ NHI II

’ongultiini Iditor

tJtlle i, UtAtJt tIIMIN

(grisillfillrt TULIIHICUI Supervisor

KARON S. SCHEINMAN
Cirrulation-Elchango Editor

EDITORIAL STAFF
Jacqueline Atlanta, f‘uulu l/iilok, lion Huiiiiltoii, I, ditli 'TUlily
(.IUULIIO Coll/art, I'aruri Keefer, Rosalia T'II'JiJUIUSI
Harry Gardner, Kit Rurog, fuguril: Iobcy
Pot lee/ell, I’Uol Jansen, Joseph A. (Junior, (Jury Lirr rink
Angqu AnLuIariu, Linda linker, Bernadette Hunko, Linda liuubzu,
Puulliil: f‘lobrcr, I illrun (mar, Judy Cougar, I’ut (JIuL-ri,
Rosemary Marisuur, Batty Nuncr

TECHNICAL STAFF

Ab'alb'tllll T'IITIJ'
Dusk Ldrroru

{loluyvilll a";
Reporter.

Susan IIIUIII5UII
July (anger, [Juno Nolan, lrndo Stacy
Ierr, RCIlIy, Paul Iiathorr, John Muyurra

Anni-Hunt Illtliliﬂul(It/[AU7115tﬂ
Technical A25t‘1'llll";
Phoiograpticrs

 

Communications

To tho Editor:

May I take this opportunity to
present some facts to the readers
of the Sum Unfvorllty NOW! Mid
make a few requests? I am a
sophomore in Potter Club, and this
letter has grown out of my personal
feelings over some recentarttcles
in both the Hun and suppressxon-l
speak only for myself, althoughl
am sure some others in the Club
agree with me.

Potter Club's current evalua-
tion has been criticized by some
as a joke or as a method of avoid-
ing trouble over the Cortland in—
cident. These people are either
misinformed or entirely ignorant
of the true situation. There is no
levity attached to our work; Cort—
land is not the major reason. A
re—evaluaTion of the attitudes and
action of the Potter Club was in
the planning stage forquite awhile.
Cortland was only a spark that
made a long—burning fuse burn
faster.

May I request a form to be ap-
plied to anyone writing about the
Club? In the first place, "call a
spade a spade". If you wish to
deride Potter, don't use such silly
little epithets as “that group" or
“one pa rticula r organization".
Potter is not afraid of criticism,
but for it to be of any value. it
must be honest. Second, [would
request these crusading Journal—
ists to have the courage aan in-
tegrity to sign their namesto their
work. If you feel you have some-
thing pertinent to say, let every—
one know who you are so that your
information and sources can be—
come as public as your charges.
It has been rumored that Charlie
Baker was the author of the ER:
pressioﬂ article entitled, “Sold
Down the River". If this is so,
why was it signed, “name with—
held?“ It is further rumored that
this was the original draft of an
editorial he wished to run in the
News. If this is all true, was
Charlie Rakcr afraid to have, it
known that his work was not con-
sidered of a high enough calibre
to be printed in a responsible
newspaper" Or was this a per—
sonal vendetta of some sort”

.\ general theme of criticism
seems to be centered on the fact
that I’ottermen have engaged in
various social and athletic events

 

 

 

together. 'I‘bese charges are so
shallow Illltl so ridiculous that
lllt'l‘l‘ need be only one answer,

Nobody can tell it group of friends
that they haven't the righttodrink,
play ball, or joke with each other
:it any time, in any place, or un-
der any circumstances, as long :is
thi-ir actions are li-gal. If these
critics are trying to tell us that it
is unethical o" illegal for Potter‘—
mcn to ZlSSfit'IJIIt' with each other
at .i grill or on .i birllficld, I think
that they ought to gr'tthc idealistic,
[)St‘tltl()-llllt'llt‘t‘IlltlI cobwebs out of
lht‘ll‘ brains and face reality, .'\lr,
“name WIlIllli‘ltl" ought to reiiliZe
that he is lit no position to deter—
mine for I’otti-r Club the scope
ol Potter ('lub's re~cvaluation and
suspension of activities.

l'riliiss i man lS in I’olti-r,
lii- can only Il.I\’t' lit-:irsuy facts
and thirdshtind information about
Illl‘ ('liili, IIS evaluation progress",
or its IIIII'I'fliII iII'IIVIIlt'H‘ [would
think II vt-rv difficult to \t‘l'lli‘ .i
i'r‘iticisrii of sonii-thingnboiit which
I am i'oriipli-ti-Iv lL'TlUl‘lllI_ IIIII these
WI‘Ilt‘l'H don't ‘it‘l‘lll to think lIltI
ignorinci- is i Il.iIiIllt’.i[J II III
In .iddition, ltt‘ siii‘i- to llHt‘ lllt‘
words "I‘otti'r' t'liib" \'cr'y «ire
lully “l’otti-r t'lub" ruinins Illt'
group .is a whole, acting III con~
ccrt towards some Spt‘t'lllt' .ind
[Il‘tf*tlt‘li'l‘flillli‘tl goal \s' of this
writing. the orin activity of I‘I’nt
tar ('Iub" is the re i‘\.tlllt.tllt)fl.
I‘sirig the»:- Words to mean any
other thing IS malicious, false,
and ii matter- of ignorant and uu-a
responsible journalism Iftinyonc
Wishes to criticize, indivuluiil I’ot—
tcr‘men, that is their [)ttl‘t)gllil\’t‘.
I hope, though, that they will fol—
low the steps outlined above and
new some intelligent discretion,

Loonard J. Snoddon

 

 

 

Poor- neui‘e ws i'rr

[716e, Sccdr'ons C/OSCJ due 0
Guide,

 

f’é‘

—_——-—
H —_ __‘
__._._.
F N
—-—d—
— ~—' \
—— ~— ’\
— — \
~— \
" -\
’— ——-— _~ ‘
’— \\
. __.__ _..._
’_ ’- \ ﬂ
‘-_ —_ ' ‘
__ w —‘
h“ “ ‘
..—_ K.“ ‘

  

l l i
l = maid

Ediior’s Note: We would like to apologize i. .iHi
ace cartoonist, Bill Sinnhold, for cleverly It'JI‘.‘ up.
caption off his cartoon last week. While \vc My,“
that it is not near enough compensation, we are .i can;
last week’s caption in this week’s paper so that ell  a:
have to do is hunt up last week’s issue, cut out tin 
toon, paste it above the below caption, and you Ii i
latest in newspaper features —- a do ityoursclt' c 
()r next week we may leave off the cartoon I 
give you the caption. In September we will give 
cartoon part of the do-it—yourself series. tli'  "..i\'
give only half of the cartoon and . . . . .. .\IlV\\'1l‘,'
it is:

HI want a perfect schedule. No 8's or 9's, out by I every day,
no Friday classes, nothing Wednesday morning so I can IL'OVG

 

early on vacations....."

 vvwvﬁivvaVV..-..Vm

gamma-31W

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.AA. .I.A‘

 

—__ Thorndis no fin without some xmoko.
John Heywood
UNDER CONSTRUCTION....

It is a sure sign that Spring has arrived and Summer is just iniiinil
the corner, and finals are almost here when the green Ili‘l 'it'llitW
trucks of Niagara Mohawk roll up outside the buildings .ii;:i lit} the
blossom-scented atmosphere with ear—shattering noise. This u have
no control over, but can't something be done to expedite nonunion
on the Hawley Library roof’.’ It is not enough that the Int‘t‘SS..!’ nim—
mering, which is swinging into its second month, resembles l l Wis-so
torture, but Art Kapner is beginning to complain about lib"  "Hr
accidents due to falling plaster. The contractor assures us ini‘  null
be done by June 11 - (IREATll
NATURAL BEAUTY....

There is an old song that goes something like “Tipiou ttu ind: 'Ili‘
Tulips, with you." Excuse us for being flat on the last ll " , ‘-i. i
serves to introduce the next topic. In years gone by, Stati- ‘i. 1-. ‘ii-wr
fortunate to have finalists in the Tulip Pageant. This year -. '
Indeed, outdone ourselves. We congratulate All those be». ' v a i>
entered the recent fete, especially MissJoanne times, for 'izv i iv“
ful public relations job they did for us, in this Community
VERY SPECIAL 0CCASION....

\t last it‘s here! Let the trumpets blarc! Iii-t thc SI)‘
pare to read! Moving I'pIliivhiisarrived! The usqu (ILTT'li'
place: the class spcakci‘s, the awarding of the scliolarsl. ,
the announcement of next year’s sorority presidents tutu .~
know.) .\II this granduri- :ind spectacle wrll Ilt' i-clipsi'il, ’» i "
ouc grciit i-vcnt — our disclosure, In order to gilt on lIl"
matron .iiid no Iiumor, we cordially lIlVIIP the \tIIIIIIIISIt‘Ilii
:ttltl .Ilitl\'t‘ all NTIT‘Studi-nt Itody to :ittcnd and nich us pvt
II/ing you.

ENGAGED, PINNED 0R MARRIED????

Weekends hut‘c conic and Wt‘lll. Ilavmg :itti-ndcd loiti
Ill'IvI-htill \Vt‘l‘ki‘fltlS, Wt‘ wrsh to corona-nil all the piii'tii'ijii
“""lllllill'y bi-havior, 'l'hi-rc sci-ms to be iidcfinitc cli:iiii’.'
ill t'tllltlltt'l :icci-pIJilili- ‘II lliiS ('zltliptlH. I'iitI‘-Itt"ll ltii i
ll)“ "t‘l't'llt flurry of piiiiiings :iud rumored marriages, for l'
‘il-‘tti'i‘a. who shall r'i-riinn n.inii-lcss (until trirritir‘r‘im), iliii
i~\cnts‘ \It'l’ll \Icntiori IIIIS \\t‘t‘k
INCONSIDERATE....

l‘iv now IlitiSI «it thosc irivoIvi-d know who Will lti‘ II I'
II." For t\\lllli‘ llii-t‘c was (lllllt' a lot ol ll‘tlfiliili i-iii'i“
housing oflicc tIl‘t'IlIi‘tl it necessary to enliglitcii iiiili‘
Iil’.tiI|I.IlI\' others wcrc let in on the secret llH rrii‘srti'ltt’.“
lllt‘ group housi-s Illltlt‘l‘ t‘thl'l' of darkni-ss with IIII‘II i‘l":
\\i- lccl that such .ipjxiiritnicrits could have ltt‘t‘ll Ii.rti<lli ‘
ltIlSllit‘SSIlkr- ni.iriricr, Without .ill the t‘Itllik—itlllI*tlitL{H"I "
is just .i suggestion for iii-xi vciir.

LAST WORD...

Iliis is IIll' last column that \‘v't‘WIIIIH' writing incognuo

itll i'l't‘titlul scnii-stcr. We thank the, student INHIV I‘” I’m” 1 I ‘
colorful mutt-rial We have tried to uricovur'situations H“ I“
that we lf‘t‘l nt‘t‘tl iriipr‘chincnt,ziniltiigIVI‘IH'mm' “I mm“. W
it We feel that a column such as this must rclv H“ “I’m”
an atrriosphcrc highly ('tlfltlllt‘IW' to disseminating "lill‘lvn H
been hard We appeal to News Board, as UHF I’l't’li"””m’
away the integrity of future writers by l“‘0”irlng ml!
used. We have written on subjects this semester that (M'l'l‘l‘
we have no right to intrude upon, but we fcrel that WII“”"W" ll“
body is iiiVochd in ANY situation, this is material for W
ltt‘llltitl eye-rythiiig that we have written Wt" 01”" SIM” [Hm
trying to corny'mse a colurniilhat is wor'thyol Ill“ “am”: (“WWII
QUESTION or THE vesxnm ‘

\\ ill the Rivalry ( haii'mari be at Ifrosh (‘zittlll'v'

I

ihl‘

’ i,,.

.“l

l ,.li‘llI
i‘t‘. 'xidli'l
i, (IS

i,|,i‘l

 

.v

llr. Boomsliier To Present Paper
(In Results tlt Study In Sound

Dr. Paul C. Roomsliter, of our
Speech Departments and profes—
sional director ofthe Northeastern
New York Speech Center, lnc..will
present a paper, “Patterns of
Ratio Relationship in Melody," at
the Accoustical Society of Amer-
ica‘s 65th meeting in New York
City on May 15.

The paper written by Dr. Boom-
sliter and Warren C reel oflludson
A s so c i ate s. Nassau, presents
conclusions from a study of how
ears identify the mounds thatcomc
to them. Ratio relationships are
of importance in understanrlinghow
hearing is achieved in the nervous
system.

Music Key to Speech

I)r. Iloomsliter said, “Music
provides an opportunity to fian
some of the activities in nerves
and brain that go into our ability
to understand speech. We are
confident that this line of study
will lead to better ways to under-
stand and to aid people who have
problems in nerve deafness."

Dr, Roomsliter and Mr. Creel
work with special equipment
housed in the State I'niversity
buildings. The work has been sup-
ported partially by the Danforth
Foundation and by the State Uni-
versity Research Foundation.

Provious Reports
Reports of previous findings
from the project have been pre-

sented at other meetings of the
Acoustical Society of America and
in publications In the “Journal"of
the Acoustical Society. Yale Uni-
versity’s “Journal of Music The—
ory," and on independent mimeo-
graph.

A new article in the series will
appear in the next issue of the
“Journal of Music Theory."

MYSKANIA Committee
Ponders Government

The first meeting of a discus-
sion group formed under the sus-
pices of MYSKANIA concerning
the question “What Is Student Gov-
ernment?" was held on Tuesday
night, May 14.

The group discussed the func-
tion and powers of student gov-
ernment and pondered the possi-
bility of a clarification of the
roles of each branch of student
government.

The second meeting of the com-
mittee will take place on Tuesday,
May 21 at 7:00 in Bru. The topic
for this meeting will center on the
student government constitution
and its statement of student pow-
ers. Any members of Student As-
sociation interested in this type of
discussion are urged to attend.

 

 

 

ONE WAY TO TRAVEL

FOR lESS

THAN GREYHOUND

A short walk is good for you. But when you really
want to travel you can't beat Greyhound for going |
places at lowest cost. In fact Greyhound costs less
than trains, planes or drivingyourself. For economy,
GO GREYHOUND . . . AND LEAVE THE DRIVING TO US.

 

 

NEW YORK CITY
One Way $4.95 Round Trip 3895
UTICA

One Way $3.40 Round Trip Stilt)
BUF FALO

One Way $8.65 Round Trip $15.00

BINGHAMTON

One Way $4.95 Itiiund Trip $8.95
ONEONTA

One Way $3.00 Round Trip $5.40

 

 

Ni» liner form of DUDIIL transportation has fares so law for example

[MEGAth VUu tdlr rake iii J’t.‘ min you 0" a (J'Ey'iuultu It you plefgi “no tummy a, guy.
luggage on ahead ii, tiiuyiiuuuu i‘ui “at: illness II 5 trier; lII iiuuis

ROCHESTER
One Way $7.15 Round Trip “2.90
COBLESKILL
One Way $1.75 Round Trip $3.15
SYRACUSE
One Way $4.45 Round Trip $8.05
PLATTSBURGH
One Way $5.30 Round Trip $9.55
350 Broadway
Hemlock 4-8155

 

QI‘FLEEILXOU. tear.

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY. MAY 17, 1963

PAGE 3

Green Gremlins Plan to "Go (tut With a Bang”
Banquet and Ball to Preoede Commencement

The Class of ‘63, under the ca-
pable leadership of Dick Kelly, is
now busily preparing for Senior
Week which will be held from June
12 to June 16 this year. Special
merit is due Peter Fisher, V.P. of
'63, who made general arrange-
ments for the Senior Week months
ago.

The class which has spent four
treasured years at “State” is
planning a grandiose exit from its
alma mater: yes. the Green Grem—
lins will go out with a bang — not
a whimper.

Skit Planned

As in the past the Gremlins are
putting forth a concerted effort to
make a big success. Dick and Pete
are very abler assisted by the
remaining class officers, Sue Platt
and Connie Culver.

Others working on the week in-
clude: tickets — Ro Petrick and
Pat Woinoski; displays and pub—
licity will be capably handled by the
Renoirs of '63, Ron Richley and
Rosie lilincar; Jim Conklin and
Harry Thornhill are in charge. of
chaperones.

Also Sharon Smith and Ilowie
Woodrqu will once again scoutour
ranks. and their own minds. in an
effort to discover the remaining
thespians of '63 who will put a
little extra light in Torch Night
with the presentation of the Torch
Night Skit.

Sharon will Si‘l‘VP a dual role.
as she is also in charge of the

 

 

here is a book
that is

helping us

to

get along

with others

Satisfying human relationships
can make a big difference be—
lWl‘t‘ll Sll('(‘t’t-$S and failure in col—
lege. Whether it's a I‘titillllllillt‘, a
professor, your family, or friends,
you want to gi't along \‘it‘ll with
lllt‘lll. We are learning It lot about
this through our study of the
Christian Science textbook,
Scii'rici- illltl Ilculth iiitli Key to
the Scriptures by Mary llalrcr
I'Iddy. You can, too.

We finite you to t'tllllt‘ to our
rricctirigs and to Iicai‘ how we
are Working out our problems
through applying the truths of
Christian Science.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION

Survive and Health is uuurlublr at all

 

college buukoturru. l’upiirbiirli lithium $1.96.

 

Christian Sriuii'v [feuding lr'uuuiu and at munij

programs for the week.

The “Week” begins with the
Senior Banquet to be held at the
Inn Towne Motor Hotel on Wed-
nesday, June 12. Tickets for the
banquet are $3.00 per person
($6.00 per couple). A cocktail
hour will begin at 6:30 and the
dinner will be served at 7:30.

Entertainment is being planned
and all seniors are urged to at-
tend our last Class banquet.

Any “after affects" obtained at
the banquet will quickly be alle—
viated by attending the Informal
Picnic Party to be held at McKowns
Pavilion the followingeveningfrom
6 to ll. Tickets for this party will
be $2.00 per person ($4.00 per
couple).

(In Friday, June 14, the “(irand
()Id Seniors“ will have ample time
to reminisce and look to the future
when the Senior Ball is presented
from 9 to l at Raphael's. Music
will be provided by Lenny Ricardi,
and tickets are 7.92.00 per couple.

Bid — $12

Serving as Host and Hostess for
the preceding events will be Ron
Richlcy and Priscilla Stehr who
have proved their merit in previous
similar 'cvents for the (lreen
(lrcmlins.

.-\ bid for the entire week costs
only $12.00 pcr' couple which is a
tremendous bargain since this in-
cludcs an Inform Picnic Party,
Banquet, and Formal Ilall. Bids
will go on sale Monday, May ‘30.

.\t 8:30 the Torch Night Skit

wrir be presented and followed by
the Torch Light Cereinony which
is similar to the Torch Light
Ceremony of our Frosh Weekend,
but under greatly different cir-
cumstances.

We now leave four years older
and, we hope, four years wiser.
ready to face the unexplored world
which beckons us just as it did
four short years earlier.

Sunday morningthe Catholic stu-
dents will hold their Baccalaureate
Service at 7:00 under the sponsor-
ship of Newman Club.

The Protestant students will hold
their service at 8:00 with coffee and
donuts being served at 7:30 at the
First Lutheran Church. Reverend
Snow is coordinating this service
with the help of a Baccalaureate
Committee co n s i s t i n g of Cathy
Glass, Linda Kolts, Dick Kelly,and
Jim Conklin.

The last, but certainly not least
important activity of Senior Week,
is commencement which will be
held at 10 a.m. on Thurlow Ter~

race.
A compulsory meetingof seniors

planning to graduate in June willbe
called by the administration in the
near future at which time gradua—
tion procedures, withdrawal re-
quirements, and alumni responsi—
bilities prior to graduation will be
explained.

.-\Il seniors are urged to spend
their last remaining hours at the
“Lost Week;" a week which will
remain forever embedded within
our memories,

Dr. larlia Burian to Direct Iwo Plays
In Summer Theatre’s lwelttli Season

Acting auditions for Arena Sum-
mer Theatre‘s twelfth season will
take place Monday and Tuesday,
May 20 and 21, They will be held
from 7:30 to 10:30 pm. in Rich—
ardson 291, Anyone who is inter—
ested in acting with the Arena this
summer is cordially invited to at—
tend these auditions. They are open
to the student body and the public
at large.

Ilr. l’aul Ilruce Pettit will not
be Producer—III rector ofthc Arena
this summer due to his duties as
director of State l'niversity'sSur—
\'t‘V of the \rts, llr. Jarin Ilur—
ian, who is replacing llr. l’ettit
:is I’roduccr~l)irector, Will cori—
duct the auditions.

\nyonc who wriiild like to .ict
with the \rena this summer but
who is lltl:tlllt' to attend Illt‘ try~
outs may contact lir lturiiin per-
sonally in Itichiirdson 379 to ur-
rzingi- for :in .‘tlltIIllllll. If you wiin
to work with llll' \reii.i this Sillll‘
Illt‘l‘ in It capacity other than .lt'l«
HILL you may contact Itr liurian

r.-,

..,:iyniboli1ed Ill lItc‘m .v-ui.
Wedding Ring for “turn,” Ii‘l
"her." In .i Mili- min-t, tit
Cthtll‘illt‘ :ityltrs lll I~lk Ali-Iv,
yellow (pill.

207 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

 

©8000 Q/Mf/ 

it.

()oramrnm

Save! Save! Save! SoveI —— When You Buy At
HAROLD FINKLE "YOUR JEWELER"

SPECIAL RATES TO ALL STUDENTS

about this,

Dr. Ilurian will direct the first
and third shows of the \rena’s
thrce play season. The secondplay
will be directed by Dr. C. Duryea
Smith, (‘hai rman ofthe Department
of Speech and Dramatics .\rts at
Alfred I'nivcrsity.

The dates for the productions
this summer are July I? to July
‘30, .luly ‘34 to July 27, and July 31
to August 3. The plays under con-
sideration for the summer include
I-Imperor Jones, Three Sisters.
Ilicdcrmann and the Fire Iiugs,.1nd
The Father.

There are two courses offered
during the summer session in
.-\ rena Theatre. 'I‘hese are open to
anyone who has completed his
Junior year. The pro—session class
in Arena is two weeks long, car—
ries two credits, and runs from
June 17 to June 29. The regular

SI'SSItln .‘irena class is six weeks
long, curries three credits, and
to August 10.

runs from July I

 

 
    
     
 

I
,i

 

x/ A '
hers... $49.50

OPEN EVENINGS

 

 

