 

 

 

 

PAGE 6

SUE MURPHY RECOUNT

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER4,1963

S NINE WEEK ODYSSEY IN INDI

Ambassador Finds Land of Kipling
Country Determined to Better Itself

by Sue Murphy

The task of writing a full page
article on a journey to India he-
comes dlfficult only when I try
to determine which 1500 words to
use. yvlrich hours to describe, which
experiences to try to share with
you.
When I think of India and of
the time you gave me to spend
there, the places that I visited
and the monuments that I saw be-
come almost insignificant in corn-
parison with the moments shared
with the people.

 

   

The Taj Maltal with all its
splendor and magnificance is less
vivid to me than the memory of
the small six year old boy who
took my hand and led me through
the ancient Temple-by-the-sea, the
boy who must have spent many days
following the guides around in
order to learn the intricate speech-
‘bGood morning, madame.

Me guide. madame. Me good guide.
This temple, madame lruilt in 13
century...”

Nine weeks
During our nine weeks in India
we met some of the most wonderful
people and spent many warm and
‘0

  

Sue stands with a group of Indian Social workers. These girls
have left their well-oft homes to work in an organization akin

to a home Peace Corps.

Many Points of Interest in India

Thriﬂ Our Ambassador from State

We arrived Ilr Delhi on July 12
for a tJrree-da‘. period of orienta-
trorr. During this tirrre we rrret yvrth
Pres. liadakrishna. Prime Minister
Nehru arrtl Finance Minister Desar.

()n the 13th we Left for Agra,
home of the Ta] Mahal. We then
travelled to ( alcutra where IIlH’tl
for three yveeks in the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Gairtﬁlec and their liyr-
children.

Alter the alloted tirrre, yy‘etray'eled
soirtlr to the holy city of lihubarres-
lour days we yyerrt on to
where we were

war. After
Cropalprn'_on-sea
able to spend some days in the ill-

tritiaridtum

 

 

 

iages. We moved on to Hyderabad
and Madras before Joining oirr farti-
lires in Nagpur. There Iliyed with
the \'air family.

After two wonderful weeks with
these people I left for r\rtrngabad
«and the caves at I'jllora and .\,]anta.
Tyyo days later (Sept. :7) we were
in lienaies, the holy city on the
r ryer Ganges.

;\llt'l three days there, are re—
turned to l>elhr lot a lllt‘t'illtt‘ yyirlr
t'hi-ster lSoyyles and for the de—
prrrture. At noon on September 10th
we landed on the beautiful shores
of long Island.

Route Taken by Sue

  

qu’AIPUI‘r'IywS‘IPA
B A Y
0F

    

BENGAL

\

wonderful hours talking about simple
things which concern people—not
Americans, not Indians, but people.

There was a day when I played
jacks with a little boy in one of
the villages and another when
I jumped rope with a young girl
near Gopalpur. One day I talked
with three expectant mothers as
they discussed the names they would
like to choose arrtl the assets of
girls rather than boys.

So often in this great country
some 12,000 miles from home yve
would suddenly he stricken by the
universality of man, by the bonds
which unite men in all parts of
the world. With the children in
particular. language was a weak
barrier almost always felled by a
smile and a “Hello”.

Great Differences

And yet at other times we saw
with tlisrrray the rrrarry and greatdit-
fer'ences which stand between our
two nations in a very real way.

The difference iii the very struc-
ture of societies is great. for the
people of India consider the family
unit to consist not of parents and
children only, bitt alsothe children’s
wives and husbands and children.
The eldest male is the sole head of
the family arrtl itirtil his death all
sorts and brothers are subject to
his yvill.

Tire great number oi marriages
are still arranged by the parents
anti the majority of the weddiirgs

   

 

 

A snake-charmer puts on his act for the tourists.
popular way Indians make a little money.

 

Sue received this interview with Indian Premier Nehru along
with other American students shortly after their arrival at New

Delhi. Sye says.: ‘'It was only hate that had me sit next to

serve as the meeting place of the
bride and groom. Not until the corr-
clusion of the ceremony is thehride
allowed to look upon the man who is
to be her lrirsbarrd.

This difference of social struc-
ture causes a divide far greater
than you might at first suppose.
The “side effects” of this social
system are great. and the benefits
of each system are quite evident.

Indra, for example,knoyy'snoJuye-

\-
am. 3 -- - 91"
r. \ .

  

This is 0

him."

nile delinquency rro divorce no
illegititriacy. The yoirrrg people of
India thus loiirrd these things to he
of great interest especially since
their primary source oiinlor'rrration
is Time and Life.

They would stop us in the street.
irry'iteus to their homes or tol-
leges or their coffee houses. They
wourd ask what we thought of India
and the people and they asked many
other questions.

Many Questions

Some oi the questions made us
smile at their simplicity.“ls:\rrrer-
ica all like Ilolly‘wood'.”’ “Art-
ther'e arty poor people rn.»\rrrerica‘."‘

Other questions made rrs more
aware of the occurrences rrrorrr own
country. "Does Kennedy really lraye
to fear opposition frotn ly’orrrrrey rrr
’tl»l‘."' “Is the Negro question really
as had as it seems to us'."'

And still others made us tlrrrrk
rather deeply anti stop tor a few
moments before attempting to arts—
yyer' thern. “Ito .\rrrei‘icairs really
throw out lood‘."‘ “Why do t Iilllllt'll
play warm-s of war and killing!" “ls
tl true that [Harry Americanssiotr.rr
the idea of God and lt'llt‘ltrlr "

The questions tame by the bun—
dr'eds' as  attempted tobr car. down
the yerj. teal bar 1 int s tonndt-r starrrb
Iliz',

Beauties Present
Iii-lore '.yt- Il.ttl It'll ltti India. In.
Lioimle I’roltrssor td la.irth."»r rcnce,
spoke to I‘ltttl Smith and lrr.St'll and
he said sornerhrn. :‘trrtn rcrrmrrred
with tho llrroilt'htrtll llit' i-Iilllt' Illllt'

.rnd 'r‘.ltft'll was restated l'. I’rrmt-

.\IlIIl‘\II‘I Nttlrill ‘ytilill .illy'l tilll .rl—
rrr.rl in India.

(continued on page 7)

y.

A classical shot taken by Sue of the world-tamed Ta] Mahal. This wonder of the world is located
in the city of Agra, where Sue spent two days during her trip.

V'V—Vvvvvvvvv Vv vvvvv



AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-A-
AAAAAAA..... . ,
._._ .. .._.

My First Grade Reader
Dick and Jane Go To College
(or, This Is Now A University?)

vvvvv—v

A AAAAAAA AMA

Written by E. R. Tom Collins, P.1te.S., V.P., Se.C., T.Re.S.
Edited by David Brinkley-llat‘tley Ah.C., C.Bs., Nh.(‘., Bb.C.
Third Chapter Pateched Up by C.P. Col M.I)., D.l).S., S,P_C,A
Epilogue by Miss Kama, I).A.lt., K.K.K., A.A.
Footnotes by Tennesse Williams

CHAPTER I

Racing With The Clock
See the pretty buildings. They look like factories. They are far apart——
too far apart. Run Dick. IIllll Jane. ltun, Run, ltun. See the pretty cars.
They don’t stop. Stop, Dick. Stop, Jane. Stop, Stop, Stop. 11:15.
t‘llAI’TER II

Empty, Empty. Empty

See the budget. It is empty. Oh. Oh, Oh! Why is this‘.‘ Someone made
a Boo-Boo, Big Boo—Boo! See the Senate working. It rrrrist ctrt. See
the camp hoard — they were robbed. See the hills. l’oor' frills! They
cannot be paid. See l"errrmte nd 'l‘ciclrer. They are free! See The
Highwaymen. They are not free. Save, Dick. Save, .Iaue. Save. Save,
Save. $0,056.57.

('IIAI’TI'III III

A Problem to Solve

See the “greasy kid’s stuff" in suppression. They are wrong. Wrong,
wrong. wronrr. (‘ollege is learning. — learning to live. b‘ryalry must
irnprove’.‘ ‘titt. L'rrtyersny must help. WSUA did, Why did critics not
come to Itiy'alr y open IIIf‘t'IIIlt'S. Why do Ilka, SUN and Music llepar't-

rnent refuse to help'.’ Where does Iaulr really lie'.‘ Think, Dick. Think.
Jane. 'I‘ltink'. think think.
t‘llAl’Tlilt I\'
Dubious Methods
Loot, Jane look! See the Sophomore cheerleaders! l’retty' Cheer—

leaders. llow were they picked‘.‘ lrrd you go to tryouts? No tryout.".".";‘
Who picked therrr'.’ ’00 Poor Jane. Yotr are not alone. lots of boys and
girls found no roorrr m the rlass sandbox. Not enough sand'.’ That’s not
it. No one yy'rll move mm to rrral c any room‘.’ Keep trying, Jane. Maybe
everything will work out. Maybe, irrrrybe. maybe...

t‘llAl’Tl-th\

Everybody Happy?
Look, Dick look! See the politicians, flow they smile sometirries.
Politicians cannot smile without 2.0. 1.00 , Smile . no politician. Was
this good amendment'.‘ “llasty title make past St'irtrol.” 1.th(l—--
Senators without 3.0 must leaye Senate. This is sad. Some Senator s with

This is had. ltad bad. bad.

(‘ll;\l"l'l'lli’ \I

3.0 are pushing them out.

Requisition and Inquisition

See the Ilezirr! Pick one —-.rii_\olic. Maybe he rroyys what the cilt Syslerrr
is. Do yon'.‘ llo teachers? Does anroric‘.’ llo not cut ainrm. You have no
cuts left. You had no cuts to begin with, l’oor ltrckf I’tror Jane! Hate to
sleep in class bin school nurse says they haye moirth Sleep incl,
Sleep, Jane. Sleep, Slebp, Sleep,

l‘Il’Il.(t()Lllﬁ
Oh! Uh! Uh! Look, I.ook.' Nov. Greeks haye _’ weeks. Instr-ad
of beer. rise instant vr 1p!

look,

l“()()'l'.\'tt'l'l'.S

11:15 fled rrrearrs stop. Green means go.
$0,056.57 Where have all the pennies goire‘.’
’tlti Yes! Yes! Yes!
’00 Adlai Steyenson',‘ No.’ No.’ No!
1.!) it-—Words of an illltl wrsdorrr b'. It. It,

other ‘.‘.t'.l-l.|itr'.'. l]llltl.tllilll‘~ as “I.ot lunch lit-conn- .\ll Ilt' ls l :rpablt-
t'lrcytrnt' (,rrnrr lose Its lrla'or (in the

Tom ('ollms. author of sur h

of Heine.” rrrrd “lloes Yoitr
litrdpost ()yt'llrlplitI'“
3 No lootirtrte. footnote :rrrter pot mono lrorri st liool nlrr so.

‘All’ Rehearsals Slated to Begin
for First Set of fine-Act Plays

Ifeherrrsrrls Irt'l',lll Illl‘w‘Jvt‘t‘ld'lltlitrl laarh strident director works III-—

the first ol tyyo slit of one—art tlt-lrt-lttlt‘lttl‘.
plays to be directed l‘.
ol the clas" 1n .-\dyrrnced Itr .rIiratrt’s.
'I'III' “.r\. It." plays .rre tt-rrratiyr-Iy
scheduled lor Not, 3, t. and T.
Ito/. Irerrara will dirt-rt “'l'ht-
Sttonrpei' ” by .\iirrn~-.t Sir indbt-r;
Sharon :loirst- “Sornethin: I'n— ~.t.t e '3.th the plays.
spoken." by ‘lt-rrrrt-snet' \\llll:rlrrs, No I
Natrt'y I’t-ter'strn, “ I‘lnrtioltlrrri.\-.t' " rrn.rrrn- '.‘.Irtr
Id ltalph Schol, .‘w'lrarr 'I‘oyynsrnd \yrrli or to It, our lot Illl' ‘il'i'fllltl
.ylrltli yyril I't' lrlt‘

st-lettt-d. '.‘.Illlt' the tetlrrrrral and
fro ly“l.|‘.’t‘ not I. rstrxircutt-dlv', rrreirr—
rims who are not
,I‘Ill‘It' :lit'

students

lllI-Illlrt‘f‘r

Id'lS ol Ilit‘
directrn at Ilit' time.
.trrrplt- oprortrrnttres lor
.~.ho .Ilt' Ilrlt‘lt'Hltttl lII '.‘.t)ll'.|fll‘lt.ft'l.-—
altt‘llt'lrtt‘ r~. nt-tt-ssary for
.l‘rlrt's to do It'i‘lllllt .tl

"I‘lre 'IVIII‘. (lost-t." lr'. \llllr.i‘ri :‘llllll rrl plays,
lure. ‘tlili‘ll rn I.inrr.ir ..
R‘ l M e)
wa ry ( H 0
Points yvr'l Itt' withhold rrntrl i am lbw In —ol War was bold l.r~.t

lilll‘lll'yi'll'll\
t'il llrilllllrt‘
point, The

.‘yattrrda; trrornrn:
llt‘ltl. I‘ilt h t Lit,-
rrrrtd yyith one b’r‘..rir.
I rosh rrn-n oyerpoyyi-rt-d rho .‘r'ophs
looting ltr \\Iil

pus Night.
i'IiIt'l
The WSUA stall in coordrrratrrrr',
the eyt-nt lor ltiyalr .. The points
Will he deletirrliied by tlrt'tlt'|1"r1“1|
of the appointed iritbrt-s. 'Ihc radio
prograrrr may re heard inalldor tII‘-. Thr- Sophomore
“'“I Sltt‘illrttlh “Ill W M“ “b I“ III" rnrrd .r little deeper
Student Union. and tami- orir Illt‘ yrcrors \\Illr one
lr’r\.rlr\ point. 'I’Ire f‘\('lil olre oi the
“colorful” of ly'l\'dlly, yyrts

tlbsprttr lllt‘ silplrt't‘y

their I‘II‘III.

it Is tlllt' rrrto the
than the I"rosh

Monday yyill be “\lr-n’s I’arrtsA “1m.
“UHHI "It Mittt'l‘dt‘“ I It‘hltlll'd“ “1“” Well atlerrrh-rl and both i kisses did
Will be required to loll their prints‘ U.“ “My
legs up to their knees. it was one of the hardest lorrrht
tugs -.er-rr in some rerent It'ly.ilt\
periods. Itaye irritant-r, itiyaliy
tinrirrrran, Illg‘t‘tr that both classes

summonses yyrll be issued on
I'llll'd), October 11 to .riry I‘iesh»
rrrarr With four or more ‘.‘.il|lrlfiph
They Will pnk up their suinmon'rew per our for this weekend’s eyents,
to the t'oirrt tor the r‘idlndrt .itron ol‘ [1 will take .r for oi p.rrtit rpatrorr on
Illllut'llotrs oi Traditions in the slit rlri- p.iit of both tlil‘vht'h to yyiir Illl‘

dent rrrari boxes. elc.cn points.

with thr- t.rst he has

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 4, 1963 PAGE 7

Ambassador Program litters Unique Opportunities
For Students to learn Realities of Foreign lands

by Dave Symington
Minister of Culture & Religion

Since 1932, many thousands of
Americans have spent at least one
summer III a foreign country under
the program of The Experiment in

International Living. I am sure that
almost everyone of these thousand
would echo the words of Albany
State’s experimenters: “wonder-
ful”; “fantastic”; “indescribable”.

First-Hand Knowledge
The Experiment offers a unique

 

‘ ‘\

I

Women from a village near Buhampur working in the rice pad-
dles. Sue herself worked in the fields with the women for awhile.

Sue Murphy (More)

lie said that so often the \isitor
to India can be blinded by that which
he sees with his eyes the poyerty,
the illiteracy, and the disease so
that he rrerer secs beneath the sur-
face to the rauses for these coil—
drtrons to the attitude of the people
toward llrt'll' country nor to the st—
lent rt-yolution which is moyrnt' the
country ayy'a'. irorrr the t-yrls' oi the
past rylrrle still clrngrn. to its heart-
ties.

This is lllllt't'fl true. for to the
.\met rcair who is so accustomed to
cleanliness arid health \ylnt Ir isrriadc
possible by technological and “Will:
cal progress, the \ast and excellent
systems of i'tliit'tflltrll made possible
I y the pooling of the ideas ol marry
lt'ltl rred Iflt‘ll. and therelatiyeyyealth
of the tonntrj., the conditions ‘.'.Illt'Ir

are the rule in India are a com—
pletcly new .rrrd disarrrrrn. exper-
It'III t-.
Low Standards
In thr- hi: hi. populated tormtr y

yyrth .rfi .t‘.t'l.tt’t' national rrnornt- rd
Sb? pcr '.t'.tr llrt' standard of ll‘.llrr,
is lat lrt'lti\\ an.thlirt' ytt- lmye t'ycr
set-tr or rirr;r.1rred.
\\e found lllril yye

«Jul 11'. orrr emotions as  yrsrtr-drr

tolrld trot tryclr

.lll.t‘.‘t' miles lit the ]ll|rt‘lt‘ art-.rs
‘»‘.littlt' llrt- Itl‘ltltll‘ l-.lrt-'.y lrrdlrllig‘ oi
[lrt' not it! oiirsr lt'til their oxyn square

lllllt' of mm »trrrttrrn, oi

llrt'll with land, rrrrn h ll".‘i .\nrer lca.

puddles

We felt it ansplarrted irrtothe world
of centuries ago. We could not
imagine rriiich less know what were
the emotions that they feel during
childhood. adolescence, rrrarriage,
death.

So many of the forces which we
haye come to understand and thus
no longer fear are still strarn'e to
tlrerrr—lrglrtenine and ram, cholera
.rrrd smallpox.

Proud Nation
Yet  could see beyond the es-
tertrals and we could feel a nation
proud of its independence and de-
ter‘rrrrnird to oyercomerhecorrdrtrorrs

rylrich plague its people.
We met trralry rnsptrirrr' young
people Who were dedicated to the

cause of helprn: India to pron.
tini- roun. -lotror told me that he
yyollrrl Itt'it' to ttllllt' lo iht' L'ltlltrtl

States to stud. btrt that he would
rtl‘.r.r.s ll'llllll to his country where
lit- ’.‘..1.\ltt‘t-tlt'tl.

Indra is a With a
ma. irrln em past. The lrrtrrr e i can-
not predrtt for at trrrn--- tlre mor not
secured rrnpossrl hi to lace int their

gt l‘ill (‘trllllll 'y

a rrrp or titllt‘t‘ would prrr a little
lr.f.t in In.» prrtrrrr- and the future
lllfli ~. rod \tt Inill.

‘y\i- (.‘inrtrrrtnl tan hate it lot ttr
do with India". future if we can
rrrrdcrstand llt‘l

needs and tr. to

titlilll.Il|' Ilt tlo ttlll l-t'sl ltr .rlrs‘at'l

IIrf‘IIl

 

l —-——-——- NOTICES —-———-

Alden
'l‘Irt' yttttlrt'lr of .\ltll‘ll Il‘illl .tlr»
nonnre that and ttpen Ilttll‘rt‘ zirll
Ilt‘ held this Sunday ttttober tr
irorrr it to :3 p, in. .\Ii xrrrdents are

my IIt'tI to attend.

Frosty Sing

Margaret Soretrsorr ,Ii'IiilllllYUltl‘l t
tt'l'r .ry ‘trT announce that [client \‘dls
lot the ly'l\ali_y Slit-u \\lll be lit-bf
nightly at thiio lll Washinr'ion .\llllt'.\
No rehearsal Will be held on nights
when there is a scheduledrrniyer srty
I‘\l‘lll.

Freshmen
I‘ reshnren are reminded that they
are IL‘QUIJI‘tl to attend the of traffic
rion meetinr in Page Hall on I i play
October 4 llotrr 1:35 to 'Jztlo pm.

The toprt: Ill‘tol‘. .ind lr.rri1tror.s

or the I‘niwr srty.

SEANY'S

llri- Student I'.rlllt arron Association
yyrll I‘t‘;ll| its membership dirye
llt‘xl Monday October 'r. ,-\11 students
ltilt'l estel rn 'lreteat lrrngprolessnm
.rrt- rnyrti-d to siyrh up sometrirre
rnvxt ‘vtl‘t‘i. in the lower Iliaper
l‘i-rrstiies. The first meeting of
the .ear yyill be held soon after.

Open House

The women of ltruhacher Ilall
iordraliy rnrrt all State students
to their annual Open House and
liarrce on tn tobet ll, ltttili.

The rest It‘lltt‘ hall yyrll be open
iiorrr t rurtri ‘J:.itl p.rrr., and tire
“trofrien berries" trorn I'nion t of—
hlie yyrll pla. from ts irrrtil l! p.iu.

way to gain first-hand knowledge
of a country.

For one month of the time spent
in the foreign country. each Amer-
ican lives as a member of a native
family.

To quote from a pamphlet pub-
lished by the Experiment: “The
Experiment’s philosophy isthat sig-
nificant advances toward world
.peace can be made at the individ-
ual level, by introtiucirrg the people

of one country to the people of
another country through the basic
social structure of the family....

Each nation has its own perspec—
tive on its problems, and this per-
spective can only be fully under-
stood when ohsery‘ed front within.
front the viewpoint of its own
people".

Tire home—stay occurs during the
first month in the foreign country.
This experience oftenbecorrres quite
emotional, i.e.. real bonds of friend-
ship and mutual feeling are estab-
lished between the Experimenter
and his frost family.

Tire goal of promotion of litter-
natiorral understanding often is for—
gotten as one becomes a full mern-
her as a family and national differ-
ences are forgotten.

Small Groups

Experimenters are organized in
~srrrall groups of 8-10. “because
they are cohesive units; the ex-
periences of each member are err-
lrrrrrced by comparing and contrast-
ing tlrerrr with those of the other
members who share common
goals.” Thegroupmeinbersusually
live close enough to each other
during the home-stay.

llowey'e r. the borne-stay is a
highly indiyitiual e:-.perience. Thus,
since the home—stay is the heart of
the Experiment program. the Slic-
cess of each snrnrrrer experience
is entirely dependent on the indi-
yidital Exper'irnerrter.

During the second irrorrtlr of the
stay in the foreign t'trullll". the
group rejoins. Each American irr-
vrtes one rnerrrber of the family
with whom he h.rs lr\ed usually a
yolllr‘,‘ person of" corrrparatiye age,
aird this composite :rorrp tours the
foreign country.

Visit Maior Capital

The final phase of the Expert-
merit program is a four or five day
stay in a major city. such as Paris.
Tokyo or Istanbul. This stay. if it
is outside of the urinary oi resi—
dent-c. is generally anti-climactic,
but rrt-yertheless is very profitable
and copyable.

A separate brrt similar prtnr'arrr
is sponsored cooperatncl'. ly the
Slate L'rriyersrty of New York and
the lixper rnrerrt.

t‘orrrbirred with the home—stay, is
a ~~IIItl\ program, ytelrllirr. t1 to it
credit hours, and a trip through
st-yeral littlJtrl Ixtnoperrn cities. for

lrrr Ilrt'l mtoi matron about this par -
tn trlar pro. r .rm contart Cir err-hen
Kltrlrftrtu 'ti‘l.

I'ridt-r rnrs pro-.-r.rm .rcollriuulb
it‘. or .I itllli‘1‘I‘ sponsors arr lax-
pr-rrrrrenter rrsrrall. proyrdrnr.’ 'nc
lands for his or her summer abroad.
Iol inrther llrlol‘llratlttlr about tlic
community t-rrrbas‘satior program
rolrl.it‘t liill (l’Grady, licl. I'Illlllt'i
.ir tit les about the Albany Smo- Stu“
rh-nt .\riih.issadoi liltty’lalll ‘.\Ill be
appear not soon in S, L‘. Nt-yys.

I-marrr r.rl crrcrrrrrsirrntes should
Iiot Illt’\t‘|ll .tirjioire llrrtrr particl—
p.itrnr,r in the I‘.Iy|it‘l imeirl. St irolar -
ships up to not, oi total cost, .rnd
r trillltllldllttll of scholarship .rlrd man
to i met  of total cost,areotter —
t'd try Illl‘ ttlgaltl/alloli.

Total iosr for most ionntires
rs Slitltl a luoo. The results of a
abroad under the lzxperr-
ment .ire materially irrrirreasure—
.rlle They are worth the trouble
of dorm: wlrareyer is necessary to
oyercomc seemingly oyeiyyheltrrrnr
trnanr ial prohibition of such an t"\-
lil‘llt‘llt’t'.

This past summer seycn Albany
State students were lz'xper rmerrters.
They were Sire Murphy, our Student
.-\mbass.nlor, to India, I‘red Smith.
to India, lirll O’Grady, to Turkey,
lidlli liothnak to Italy, Sandy Bah—
urctrak. to Switzerland; Ui'etclrcu
Mont or: to Greece; and Ilav’rd Slill~
llrL Hill In hltrlin‘i'tr.

slllllllit‘l

