PAGE 6 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY.DECEMBER 6, 1963

 

 

Words of wisdom concerning flat paintingvare given by Technical Director Jon Bordon to Joyce Davis,

left, and Pauline Arasim.

PAT FASANO

Something new and different is
coming to the State University
Theatre Department. Up to this
time, the student body has regarded
the Theatre as the private property
of those having previous experience
or those solely involved in speech
and dramatics.

The purpose here is to giVe a
peek at what goes on behind the
scenes and on the stage and invite
any and all who are interested
to join us.

Much Work
Many hours of work go into one
University production. But with the

t

I

work comes a feeling of pride and
accomplishment iii the knowledge
that the job, no matter how small,
was vitally important it] creating
the whole dramatic effect.

Lighting, props, set construction
and design, costumes attd makeup
are just a few of the areas involved
in putting together one good show.
Half the fun is watching these sep-
arate departments finally come to—
gether the week of dress rehearsal,
when the director walks around
with the kind of look oii his face
that makes you wonder iftliis pro-
ductiott will ever make it —— and it
does.

Roz Ferraro, one of the cast of U.S.A. is outfitted by Dennis

Tuttle, costume head.

Of course there isn’t anything
too romantic about all the technical
work involved. It’s hard to get ex-
cited about hanging alight,sweeping
the stage, painting aflat or heiiiiiiittg
a skirt, but tltereisdet‘initeiysome—
thing exciting iii knowing that all
these jobs are going to make a
production an audience will truly
appreciate.

Opening Night

That story about opening night is
really true. The smell of make-up,
the heat froitt the lights, tlte crew
members running around frantically
anti the cast people who always
seem to get iii the way, give you a
kind of thrill yoti Just can’t get
anyplace else.

It’s electric and it’s infectious ——
and frustration that accompanies
rehearsals seem to disappear when
that curtain finally opens.

When a produrtion is over. the
lights are turned down, the stage is
bare and there are only a few props
left 111 the wings, perhaps an old
telephone, a cane, or a crumpled
hat that an old lady Wore in the
second act.

There’s nothing left but an echo.
But the people Wlltl\\'Llil\t‘tlil('l'tt5h the
stage took home With them a pocket
full of memories, the laughs when
they couldn’t find the right light
sWitch, the tears when a scene
Just wouldn’tcome.attdtheunbeliev-
altlt wartn feeling whentlteaudtence
rings With applause, a world oi
make-bellow With very teal re-
wards.

Joyce Davis and Pauline Arasim on lights. “Calisthenics was never lilte this....l"

Director Sheila Brown and head of costumes Dennis Tuttle confer with Director James E. eonard.

xi. '\

s-dste.‘ ‘ ~ “‘

.35 *—

.t.\\\x~,t;w3\\x\\\. \ " r

e

Jon Bordon has a long way to go before he reaches the end of
his rope!

Dr. Leonard directing the entire cast of U.S.A. Standing left to right are JHn Lobdell, Doug Ross, Harry Guy, Sharon House, Lee Liss. and R01 Fem!”-

"Cy.

A

Roz Ferraro and Jim Lobdell in a scene from U.S.A. Harry Guy, Sharon House, and Lee Liss look on.

Director’s Eye-View 0f ‘U.S.A.’

The cast for U.S.A. rehearses a scene in the Little Theatre. Seated left to right are Hang-Guy. Lee Liss, Sharon House, Roz Ferrara. Assistant A    

by Dr. James M. Leonard

U.S.A., the play by Paul Shyre and John Dos Passos, chronicles that exciting
period of American history from 1900 to 1930. That history is conveyed. for
the most part, by a staccato recitation of newspaper headlines from the period.
The headline scenes are informative, but also surprising and amusing, and
are placed in striking relationships to the other scenes of the play.

Piano music of the period is used to bridge the historical material and the
segments of a more personal nature, as well as to provide the background for
the headlines. In addition to an impersonal recitation of headlines to give
the flavor of events of the period, there are passages in the play which will

describe some of the most colorful per—
sonalities of the time. In brief segments,
the audience meets Rudolph Valentino
and lsadora Duncan, political figures
Emma Goldman and Eugene Debs, and
the well—known mechanics Henry Ford
and Orville and \Vilbur \\r'rig'ht.

The epic level ofpresentation described
some alternates with a personal level,
which concerns itself throughout the play
with the life of J. Ward Moorehousc,
whose experiences embody Dos Passos’
recurring theme. of the corruption of the
individual by commercialism.

False Values

Mt‘)r)i‘t‘ll0llS(."S life unfolds :tgstinst the
background of thc turbulent nnd cxr-essive
ern which stretched from the turn—of—thc—
century to the Great Depression, when
individuals and the ttzttiott were being
su'ept along" in .‘l flurry of false vztlues,

The epic and the personal combine to
produce an informative, sutiric, :tnd nos—
tulg'ic presentation, The pt'edot'tttnunt t()llt‘
of the pin}! is (lllt' of irony, 'l'lic :tudietice
is niudc aware of the superficlulity of
most of the personal undnutionnlcommit—
ments shown iii the play.

’l‘liere is also affection in the treat—
ment, and one gets the feeling that the
great enthusinsnts of the era, when they
do not produce worthy results, often leave
their own gratuitous fruits of glory.

The production, then, will t’lltlll'ttt't‘ the
personal and the epic, the satiric and the
nostalgic, the bite and the warmth of the
script, The production should show too
that at times beneath the chronic exterior
of n ltlntid national enthusiasm lny hints
of horror,

Combination of Techniques

All this is to be accomplished ltycnzict~
ment, headlines, narrntions, music, scenic
projections, anti dance. Such a combina-
tion of techniqut-s is reminiscent of the
Federal ’l‘lieatre’s Living Newspaper and
similar to television’s 'l‘lint Was’l’hc \\'eek
that Was.

These external techniques and the inner
attitudes, then, combine to form the pro—
duction, in which the auditory, visual,

Pauline Arasim and Ed Bacchus reenacting
“Turn of the Screw?"

:ttltl temporal elements whtcn muke tip
thcutt'e have been organized into an ex—
pressive shape,

[hiring relieurszils, this expressive
shape must be allowed to evolve from the
creative freedom of those, involved in
production.

The director, hoWeVor, must shape the,
play even usheencourages freedom. From
this process emerges a style, which,
hopefully, is not :1 directorial imposition,
or the imposition of a particular his—
torical period or mode of staging, or
even the imposition of a particular play—
wrigi'tt, but the unique style of the play.

 

