 

 

PAGES STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 15, 1963

 

A.M.I.A. BOWLING LEAGUE BEGINS

TXO, KB Lead

by Gary Murdock

Last Saturday, the A.M.I.A. Bowl-
ing League got off to a great start.
Kappa Beta and TXO are tied for
the league lead with '7 points each.
Doug McAllister and Al Barnard
led the KB sweep against Newman

  

 4- .7.
AMIA Kegling Loop got on
a fine season.

 

Club with 571 and 544 respectively,
while the team toppled the pins for
an amazing 1014 the third game.

TXO captured '7 points from APA
by forfeit. The Defenders managed
to take 5 of ‘7 points from the
Unknowns in spite of Dave Roegner’s
544 triple. Waterbury, led by Bob

   

 

derway this week for what looks like

After lst Round

Merritt (523), scored 5 points over
the Holy Bowlers.

Ellis Strings 8

One of the most exciting matches
of the day was the one in which
Potter squeaked by the Goobers4-3.
For the Goobers, Kirk Ellis racked
up 8 straight strikes in his second
game for a very high 261 single.
It should be difficult for anyone
to top this score. Mert Sutherland
cushioned Eilis' (555) with a 533
triplicate. For the victorious
Potiermeri,Dick Fairliank led all
with a 229-160-207, 596 series.T0m
Jones gave strong support with a
223 and 540.

This week’s honors go to Kirk
Ellis (26]), Dick Fairharik (596)
and Kappa Beta (1014).

l NOTICE l

intramural Players

Intramural wrestlers (ran Work
out from 3:30 to 4:30 daily start-
ing Friday, Nov. 1.

There will he 5 A.M.I.A. basket-
ball leagues this year. Team cap-
tains must register their teams
on the A.M.I.A. bulletin boards.
Team practices should start next
week in Page.

 

 

 

Pardon me if I sound as if the
executive position I’ve landed
deals with the whole future of
the world.

 

 

Al. .rrr Arr lfirH: oiiiuer, you ll be .‘r leader on the
Ann/uprirr: lr:.rrn——wrth good p.ry, ii 30 (lay paid
youriron each year, edur..rtroriari opportunities.

How can you get started? for many, the best way
is. through Arr forte ROTC. But 11 you missed out
on Al i<()i(.‘, or it there's no unit on your campus,
you (.all still apply for Arr Force Officer Training
School '1 his tirree‘month course leads to a com
mission as. a second lieutenant in the United
States Air force.

For more information about Air Force OTS, see
your local Air force representative.

U. 8. Air Force

It does.

Ctniolfliy, there's no (iigrilllliiiloti todrry conduct~
mg more vrtzri iJUSHlCSb ilrrrn the l)ll‘)liithS oi the
United States Arr fort r: And very few organiza-
llUllS that give tr college graduate greater oppor-
irrrrrtrrrs for reuponsrhrlrly .rnd growth.

 

HAMMING
IT UP

The rumors that are going around the campus
about the future of football are so fascinating that
we feel almost reluctant to cast any light on the
situation.

We contacted the Dept. and asked questions that
we felt concerned the students. These are the answers
we received.

Will there be a football team on the new campus?

It’s inevitable.

What steps are being taken?

There is a plan that will be submitted to AA

Board. It involves a three point program, an

initial equipment purchasing phase with a frosh

team the following year as phase two. The third
phase will be a regular varsity team.

Q. When is the proposed date?

A If all goes according to schedule (meaning the

facilities at the new campus) 1965 is the tenti-

tive starting date with 1967 as the date for
the varsity season.

Why wait so long to start?

. Several reasons. First they need a place to
store the equipment. Second, you can’t schedule
teams for season play unless you make your
schedule up to three years in advance, this
is how far ahead schools plan their seasons.
Third, the expense of starting a team and
getting them on the road is too great tobe
accomplished in one year.

Q. How official is the program?

A. It is only a plan, subject to the ztpprovalof

AA Board and President Collins.

We certainly hope that President Collins and AA
Board realize the student desire for a football term
and will give their approval to proceed with the plan.
We have expressed this desire and will continue to
do so until action is taken.

by Ron Hamilton

>p>o

>20

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

They don’t know who did it, but there's a rumor that the wrest-
ling team has the next week off.

 

 

 

 

 

DRIVE-IN

 

 

HOME III THE 'BURBER FAMIIY'

-- a size for every appetite

Come on out {or that
late evening study-break

Also, try our Luncheon Specials

“ENJOY YOURSELF. RAIN OR SHINE
UNDER OUR CAR PORT"

   Daily Ii a.m.——midnight

‘iust Past the Northway'

iri.——Sat. iI a.m.mi a.m.

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY.

NOVEMBER 15. 1963 PAGE 9

CHICAGO BOUND STATE PEDS LEAVE ALBANY AIRPORT
Cross Country Squad Ends Season With 7-0 Record

Yesterday afternoon at 3:15 p.m. State’s widely acclaimed cross country team
left Albany via Mohawk Airlines fit #26, their destination Idlewilde Airport, N.Y.C.
There they boarded a DC—8 jet and winged their way to the windy city, Chicago.
Met at Chicago by Wheaton officials, they were driven to the Ellyn Motel.

It was the beginning of the biggest event of the year for the Harriers. Five
team members boarded that plane, but the hopes of teammates that couldn’t go
and the hopes of an entire student body also boarded that plane. The lucky five,
Tom Robinson, Dennis Tuttle, John Clark, Ken Kirik and Howie Marriam were
their usual quiet selves. The task before them was great. They would be com-
peting against the finest teams in the country, many of which recruited their
athletes by offering scholarships.

 

. seam-mi  .

)1

 

.. -
\l '. 1n.

 

Medley of cross-country runners get off to fast start in recent

meet.

SEAMAN HNSIIES SPtiRTS CAREER Al STATE
SCCCER Cit-CAPTAIN ANii 3-YEAR VETERAN

liolr (1711185 ll‘irlll 1"rrinklinSquare,
Long Island when» he attended 11.1".
of the soccer players Lilltl reels tlrar Core) High School. While in high
this was “definitol'. a building school lreplajrediorrr\eursoisor-cer‘
year.” He feels that With the lielpoi at rlre leit inside position. 1501)
some proiriisnrg freshman. Stare enjr-zs all sports lruilirapirkssr-r'r-er
should iield a strong team next .lhirls iamrite.
year. He L115!» plays ‘.ul'slt'. tennis and
AMIA irasketlrali and soitlrali. Now
144151 53‘1‘1"la'-'5 5"““9‘ game Unit the regular college season is
marked the end oi’rlrer-ollegrrsor cel' “(8,. “HI, Mans m Ma. sump, 1,”.
rureers for sexeral Seniors. One the A“ A,“ 5pm,, “up, a1,,,.ulse,m_
or them was center irail'irat‘k and WIMQQHL‘
ream t:o-r~;ipraiir. liol Seaman. llolr A5 a“ uwlmgrmhmw ,4, 5mm,
“‘45 iilal'e‘l 101” Years “l 5""“91' bolr matured in math and mirrored
lor State. one near oi il'el-iirllillli 1,, ,.,,e,“,5,,.,‘. “e “as WNW” wra
11”“ “4'99 P9313“; "1 “Jr-‘1‘" l'ali- tear-hing assrsrantship at S.U..\'.Y.
“9 15 3“ all'““'“‘“ 5““"911‘13301 at Ston. lliook. lie plans to do his
‘dh‘l Piaf-5 Se'rtfi‘diimhl'1““5 Equal"- gr aduure Work in r-hernrstr: there
“311- LASI ~92“ 1‘9 “'35 “311W” ‘1“ rind ilit‘ll go into irit'h sr-lrooi rear-ir-

As co—captain. Bot: was pleased
at the iiiiproveriient shown ht mam

r'onier'enr'e lt-II halti'm't‘ am 11115 ing. llrriv’s orlrer interests include
swrrnrning. lrridutr .rrnl lllilSll‘;1ie
pleas the iidh'swll tor rhe r-oilr-ge
hand and orr'irr‘str ll.

tour he has turned in orirstuiuling
Jlrirs at rhe iralrlur-l. .rnd luiiirur'i.
1!()Sllitiii§.

 

 

 

 

PINE HlLLS CLEANERS
340 Western Avenue
(‘I.l‘.ANtMi and EXPERT
TAILOIUNU
We (‘ull anti Deliver
iv 2-3134

BLUE NOTE SHOP
FOLK GUITARS

$29.50 to $49.50
i56 Central Avenue

 

 

 

A spotless season

record of 7-0

in dual competition were the credentials

that allowed them to join the exclusive squads at Wheaten. Saturday morning
they will make their final preparations and toe the line with four minute milers,
undefeated teams, regional and national record holders. The highest hopes are
held for Tom Robinson, State’s junior sensation. A nervous, anxious and determined

team waits for tomorrow.

Final Victory over LeMoyne
Last Monday the Albany State Hill and Dalers ended their regular season
schedule by defeating LeMoyne College. The victory made the Feds undefeated
in dual meets in their first season as aVarsity squad. The score was Albany

 

. . ‘ . ‘

It's State all the way in this picture, as Peds have couise to

themselves.

23 Lehloyne 32, with the
meet held at LeMoyne. Tom
Robinson finished first on
the cold, windswept course
in near record time, a

record that he holds from
earlier this season.

The stalwart tor the team, Tom
has yet to he heaten in an} meet
this year. Setting ret-ords almost
everywhere ire went ,Tom has earned
a place as one of Start-’5 greatest
athletes.

Dennis Turtle ran his greatest
race and finished a well earned
second. lioh ller‘zng oi LeMoinG
was third and John Clark trailed
down the iourrh spot for the States-
merr. llowie Merriam show a lrig
illllJl’U‘relllGlil ior State and gained
opening tor the NCAA Meet.

The oil'iri.il order oi iin’islr was:
i. liolrirrsoii (A), 3. Turtle (A) 3.
ller/og (L), 4. Clark (A), 5. Mt:-
ljride (L), (i. Kirik (A), 7. Hogan
(1.), 8. Wilson (1.), U. Desrriorrd
(1.), it). Merriam (A), ll. Cullen
(L), 12. Ward (A).

The Winning time was 20:55,
2h seconds shy of rho rerord, lrut
two seconds faster than last uear’s
rerord also set it) llolrrrrsorr.

 

.p

Peds Beat Post 3-2 in Final Game
End Season with 3 Wins 7 Defeats

On Saturday November

9, the 1)(3(1$ of Albany State played host to the Varsity

of CW, Post. The Pods bought in a record of two wins and seven losses while Post

had a

record of four wins, five

losses and two ties. The field, which had been

drenched the last two days with two inches of rain, was covered with mud which
hampered play. in tho opening minutes of play the Pcd fans were thrilled by John

Schncirle r and l'tlo (ludtiat.

They wore able to get off three shots at the Post goal but the hull did not pene-

ti‘uto ihr- grin].
honding‘ it

rpm l‘lU r',

St'hiir‘itit’ri‘ it‘ll lllv

(lurlrlat Centered the hall in front of the goal and Schneider tried
in but the hall sailed over the goal posts. Then at 16:48 of the first

hall to (hiddai who scorer]. in the St‘COlifl quarter

Stzrto (ltllllillr'tlt‘tl pin} rrrirl had smirrrrrl shots at the Post goal.

Fred liirwr‘, who
the top of tho gorrl posts
and i)()tllltlt-rl ()Vr‘i‘,

\\'hrrri lirrd oi l’ost irr—
r-rir‘i‘ed zr illll‘ti lrni] pr-rirrlty,
Srrrrnrrrri took lilt,‘ [it‘llltlly
kick ltilrl S(‘()l't‘rl.

1i  lrlliilllt'i r .
br'lrrrtwiei full ruined in mi: permit.
/(Iil(‘ '1”! or .r. ."H lirt: rinse ul ilit‘
liist heir Louis ()spnm writerrui
llit‘ ldii and Liuridar sr'orlt‘l. At the
opt-hing or tilt: ht'r'rrirtl rruir Sr r.rnur--
i.t‘. molan iril Viral roaring this

the lt‘lt-I iii .15

\itril‘ J-i,

inning this riuuiie: 1‘rrsr rook
inun. shots or tilt} Stalk not lur
rnrough the trkrrrilenr pin. or Paul
liuine. the srrrlt‘ lt‘llltillmil on-
r-hangeri. At the stair iii the llrtiilii
quarter Ntlllllinr st'rrrwi '.‘.ltli ai. .is-
sist ii'orir Srrriierder Less than a
minute later Litre btrvictl Int l’osi
irrl' the illr‘di rulin.

'1'ire final SWAN: was 3'1.

Hllil‘ red

for the Ports, booted the hall at the goal but it hit

 

 

 

Open Your tamheri’s Charge Account

No interest or carrying charge
20% OFF ON
ALL CASH SALES

(REPAIRS
EXCLUDED)

 

CHARGE ACCOUNT IDENT iFICATlOm

 

  

Esramrunt

FRANCIS J. MMIERI
Jeweler - Export Repairing
Wairhu * Jewelry
239 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

CHARGE

CARD

 

AUTHORIZED BUtOVA JEWELER}

 

open evenings till 9p.m. Saturday till 6pm.

 

 

 

