 

PAGE 6

Campus Current

by Pat Jewell

 

Once again summer weather is here, as we find
dorm field converted from Rockefeller Center to Jones
Beach. (Surely no more versatile a field exists!) The
warm sun and green grass createsacertain atmosphere
of which we are aware when we first wake up early in
the morning. Often one or two scattered blankets are
already spread out on dorm field with bathing suited
figures reclining on them. Then, as the day goes on
and the sun gets higher and hotter, the noise below
the windows steadily increases from a low buzz until
it sounds like a playground — laughter and music
and the smack of volleyballs. Looking down you see
the entire field filled with sun worshippers givingburnt
offerings up to its light. Such an alluring sight makes
one more tempted than ever to go out and join it; so,
to salve your conscience, you pick up a book or two,
and a pen — to bring along with your blanket, fricasee
oil, pillow, and sunglasses —— put a trench coat on over
your bathing suit, and descend to the grassy turf below.

Here spring breezes cool you at intervals as you lie
in the hot sun, your skin shimmering with oil; somehow
it is much easier just to lie with closed eyes than to
read. (Oh well, you didn’t really plan to get that book
read this weekend, did you? Besides, it’s much more
pleasant to think of how good you’ll look with a tan.)

At last all at once you notice a tinge of pink on your
skin — and that is the time to leave, as you may have
learned by experience. Sure enough, as the afternoon
wanes, group by group the crowd slowly drifts away,
picking up blankets and other supplies. We see the
sunbathers straggling into the dorm, happy with their
freshly reddened skin, and heading for the showers to
wash off the oil before they dress for dinner.

It is when we see so many sunburned faces in the
dining room that we have sure proof that summer is
really here at last!

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY. MAY 10.1963

Advanced Dramatics Plays Characterized By

C O 
“Good Productions...Fine Performances

nearly ruined the effectiveness of

by Paul Jonson

it seems to be an unwritten law
that the plays selected by the stu-
dents of the .-\dvanced Dramatics
Class musteitherbe by nonentities,
or written duringthe early, forma-
tive years of a presently estab—
lished author. in other words -
poor plays.

This rule was shattered last
week. Not only were the plays
well—written and actually inter—
esting, they boasted rather good
productions and several fine per-
formances.

Irish Play First

The first play was The Rising of
rho Moon, by Lady Gregory. Set
during the Irish Rebellion, it con-
cerns a fugitive who manages to
mislead. and "outwit". a Sergeant
sent to capture him.

Jan Dyckman, as the hunted
man, presented his character with
a degree of case that belied the
difficulty of his irish songs and
accent.

The other cast members (Don
Costello, Robert Peterson. and
Charlie Powers) seemed stilted.
posturcd and stiff, whichdetracted
from this human and humorous
play. Frank Rye rson directed.

(‘hekhov's A Marriage Proposal,
was given a breakneck pace by
Brenda Smith. However, most of
the credit for the hilarious result
should go to the actors.

\\'ith his long hair waving in the
breeze, Jon Bordon—the proposer
—finally found his niche at State;
Georgi» Norton. the father, was
equally as good, and ditto for
\‘alarie (iolom, as the proposee.

.\ few times it got out of hand

and threatened to take off into
Jerry Lewis-land, but the rest
of the time lhc play was good.

Busy Schedule lakes Statesman Talent Travelling
To Festival In Vermont, Cohleskill, 8. Area Concerts

themselves. They will sing “The
Lord is My Shepherd" by Nelson
and “Holy, Holy, Holy" by Schu-
bert. The men will join the other
choral groups to form the, Festival
('horus, some 2:30 voices, in sing-
ing excerpts from BIZet’s "('ar—
men" and “The Peaceful King-
dom" by Randolph Thompson.

Within the next few weeks, the
Statesman will entertain at four
special events. They will travel
to Burlington, Vermont and Coble-
skill, and then will perform twice
in Albany.

This noon they will leave for
Burlington, Vermont where they
will sing with eleven other col—
leges and universities in the 13th
.\nnual intercollegiate (‘horal Fes-
tival. The festival is sponsored of thc \‘tgitr’snicn, has liccn given
by Trinity (‘ollege in Burlington. the honor of directing ihc (‘()l'll<
bincd men's group in a pcrforni~
.incc of i)vor:ik's H'l‘hc \liiidcn in
thc \\ood," Nicholas \rgyros and
('zilviii i’r-iiton will play Ihc four»

Busy Schedule
Karl \. B, Peterson, director

The Statesman are particularly
pleased in having been one. of the
few groups asked to appear by

THE PICTURES BEHIND THE FRONT PAGE

A
.i

 

The directors of Red Eye of Love take a brief respite from the
rigorous rehearsal schedule to talk over some improvements that
will have to be made.

hand piano accompaniment forthis
number.

(in May ‘23 thc men will give an
cycning concert at the ('oblr-skill
High School \uditorium. This pro—
gram is being sponsorcd by thr-
Stiiti- i'nivr-rsitv .\gricriltural and
Technical institute. 'i’hc States—
men will be guests at dinner prior
to singing the program.

Saturday, May 33, wrll sr-c them
Ill llli'll' iii-w lllliZl‘T‘S as :i fi-situi‘c
of our own Faculty (hunt-r (In
\unday riioi'niiig tbcy will partici—
pair- in ('.ii'cci‘ |J:iy .it thr- \iolint
I'.il\'.ii'y Itiptist t'liui'cb

 

Mr. Kral holds

the University

broad farce.

Soroyan Tops

Dramatic was the word for Hello
Out There. William Saroyan'splay
was the best production of the
evening. Highlights were an im-
aginative setting (light bulb, cot,
window and lighting). and an im-
pressive performance by Nathan
Puckett as the gambler without
luck (not a bum).

John Harwick as the irate hus—
band was fine. while Jo West, as
Katie, did not detract though she
contributed little.

Though he occasionally slipped
into the all too familiar Kowalski/
Brando mannerisms, Pucke t t ‘ s
was the outstanding .\D perform-
ance this year.

Much praise goes to Myra i.e—
vine, director, but censure also,
for the ludicrous and overdone ap-

  
 
 

the play. Otherwise, a fine job,

The final play, Robert Greene‘s
Elisa and tho Lexicon, is an odd
combination of childish innocence
and The Unknown. Lillian Schmitt
gave an excellent interpretation
of the child. Elixa. through both
dialog and bits of action.

Mary Setter and Dennis Tuttle
were competent as a gypsy girl
and Eliza's dumb brother. Con-
stance .-\melio's direction was
good, but the entire production
seemed a bit too dramatic and
heavy for the delicate and difficult
material.

Using this year's previous AD
plays as precedent, this set was
surprisingly good. There were no
really bad productions, and the
middle two will probablybe placed,
with The Lesson and The ﬂoor on
my list of .\i) Bests. .\ good

pearanCe of Faye Nadler, whichrEVt‘nlnl-T'S Olllf‘f‘tﬂinmcnt. inflccd.

SINA Demands Dressing Rooms
For College Laboratory Animals

Non: tho following is ro-prlntod from
tho lndlormo lnlrli, Indiana Slots Coll-go,
April 1, I963.

Dr. A. I. Hamberger, director
of the science department at TSC
has recently announced the addi-
tion of a chapter of SINK to the
campus activities.

The Society for indecency to
Naked Animals which is currently
the fad with President Kennedy in
\\'ashington has Imade a mass
movement westward.

“The college biology depart-
ments are those hardest hit," i)r.
Hamberger stated.

“it involves quite a bit now to
accomplish an experiment. The
laboratories must be equippedwith
separate dressing rooms for ani—
mals ofdifferent sexes," i)r. llam-
bcrger added.

it was revealed that althoughthe
animals themselves don't mind
wearing clothes, it does present
a problem to the students.

One student recently said, “Be-
fore it didn't seem to matter but
now i tend to be embarrassed. i
guess it's just the idea of skirts
or pants -— which one to pick.

it is not yet known how long
this Society for indecency to Naked
Animals or SINA will operate.
However, the Home cconoriiicsdc—
partmi-nt is currently workiiigwith
the science department iii provid—
rug fashionable togs for thc iicw
campus collegiiins,

if this persists, new courses
will be .i probable (ic\’ciopmciil,

('aiiiiic ('ri-iitions lllltl/til‘ l“tllllli‘

Fashions.

"\\'ith this changing world onc
doesn't know what to expect, Maybe
Darwin‘s theory was correct," i)r.
liamberger concluded.

 

Pro-registration

Schedule

l—l'ndcrgr:idutcs planning to :it—
tcnd summer school must pi'c—
i‘cg‘istci' now.

3—.\li students coniplctiug dcgi‘ccs
in June or .\ugiist, or students
not planning on returning, should
complete a \\ l 'l‘ ii i) it \\\ \i.
i"tllt.\l (liclril‘c Liking final cx~
runs) from IlicStiidr-iit i’i-rsoniicl
office, i)—l 10.

Soplis ‘65

(i-i. May it), Friday, fl-llzﬁto

\—i" l—flzlltl
i"rosh ‘00, '07

'i‘-’/. May iii, Monday, fl—llciitl
lie—S lélﬁltl
.\i~vt,l May l-i, 'i‘ricsdsiy, El—ll;1ltt
il~l. l—Tltiifl
l'I—Ii .\i;i\' 13, \\iwliii-sdav, {Ir 1 lzfltl
('—[) l’llfjlll
\~ii .\i.iv lti, Thursday, ‘.I-] lziili

lit‘LL'lrill‘Jlliill liii‘ lllllﬁl‘ Illiillli' lri
do so czii'iici':
May it}, Thursday, l—fizittt
\i.iv IT, i~'riiliy. El llcfto
l':lj:lll
Turn in ill ii.ii-kcts bv l-‘r‘rdav,
\Iriy IT Ill iJ‘itIH,

 

plaque he has preSented to Pres.

This hand-made

Collins.
Page Hall.

seal
will be placed on the lecturn in

 

 
 
  
 
 
  

Dr. .Deeringer, Dean of Academic Affairs, looks on as Circle K
presrdent, Frank Juhelka '66, accepts the gavel (it a recent bon-

quet. Circle K is a newly formed service group at State.

    

  

LET’S TALK GREEK l

by John Shipherd and Joe Cambridge

.No, don’t grab your volume of Homer’s collected
works, or scamper about for a copy of Aristotle’s
Poetics, we’re talking about the Greeks on this campus
and about the Greeks on college campuses throughout
the country. We’re talking about the Greeks of today
and the Greeks of tomorrow.

During the past year, the fraternity system on this
campus has been called to account. Various group: ,
and individuals as well, have asked many questior ;
concerning our fraternity system. “What is it?”,
“Where is it'?”, and most important of all, “Why is

 

it?”. Under the sponsorship of the inter—fraternity
Council, we call upon all Greeks to answer these

questions for themselves, for the administration, and
for the student body as a whole.

A Voice for the Greeks

We feel that fraternity members should have a voice
through which they can promote their ideas and ideals,
and we hope that this column will become the voice of
the Greeks on this campus. it isvery easy for individ—
uals or groups of individuals to criticize any fraternity
or fraternity system, and even though a C't,‘l‘t11ill amount
of constructive criticism is both necessary and bene—
ficial, a one—sided approach isvery rarely an intelligent
or rational approach.

Just what are the aims and goals of the fraternity
system? How haVe these objectives been reached in
the past‘.’ How will they be met in the future? These
are qucstions which every interested ‘ireek should
ponder. These are questions which every prospectiVe
Greek should ask. These are the questions that this
column will consider and attempt to answer.

It would be. virtually impossible to adequatelyanswer
these questions in a single issue or chn in a short
series of articles. 'l‘hercfore, we shall try to treat
various aspects of the fraternity system, and we hope
our readers will gain a new appreciation and a deeper
insight into fraternity systems as a whole.

Dr. Shaffer Discusses Aims

In a bookth entitled “\\’hal Research Tells Us About
Fraternity Life.” published by the National interfra—
ternity Council, (1958 annual meeting), there appears
a paper submitted by Dr. Robert Shaffer, Dean of Men
at the University of Indiana, which discusses some of
the general aims of fraternities, andtheir contributions
to the college community as a whole.

“The fraternity gives the individual a background
upon which to draw in evaluating and choosing con—
genial social groups in early adulthood.

‘This is a task for which direct education is probably
of little value, but it can be made easier and achieve—
ment can be improved if the institutions of the com—
munity, such as churches, and fraternal organizations
are alcrt to this iiccd of young adults and attempt to
provide a numbci‘ and variety of social groups to suit
various tastes and tcnipci'aiiicnts.”’ (p. 82, iiavig-
hurSl’s Developmental Tasks and Education).

In addition, i)r, Shaffer connncnts:

“.\ithough lllt‘ fratcriiity’s contribution to an individ—
ual’s vocational prcpziration is indirect, this contribution
is in the vcry important social :irca. .\bility to cope with
the social context of an occupation contributes :is lllllt‘ll
to vocational success as technical ability.

(‘ai'roll Slizii'tic has poinch out that social conditions
are a part of occupational information and, thi-i'cfoi'c,
ought to be .'t part of lllt' occupational preparation, The
fraternity is :i tillltlilt' institution iiigiviiigtiic young man
background iiiforiiizitioii :iiid (l:t\'vlti‘tl;t\’ cxpcricncc in
pI‘cparing for his vocational .iiid professional llfc."

lll lllc ilt‘Xl few weeks, we shall examine these state-
ments more thoroughly, iii the hope of prcsciiliiig in
greater (lt'lIlll llic l'irii significance of lii', Sir;ifi'ci"s
Views.

   
 

      

CAMP COUNSELOR OPENINGS  "
UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS
(Minot). W A (omplnluon olul I.u.ii your at wow“
GRADUATE STUDENTS and FACULTY MEMBERS
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS

. . . compriuinq 350 outstanding Boys. Girls. Brother-Sister
ind Co-Ed Camps, located throughout the New England. Mid-
dlo Atllnlic Stole: and Canada.
. . . INVITES YOUR iNQUiRlES concerning summer employment as Hood
Counselors. Group Leaders. SPOClOllIOI. General Counselors.
Write, Phone, or (‘ali in Person
Association of Privnto Comps —— Dept. C
Monwell M Alelondcr, flccutiro Duoch

55 w." 42nd Strut, ox 5-2656, New York 36. N. Y. 

 
 
  

     
   
 
   
  
 
 
   
  

   

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY. MAY 10. 1963 PAGE 7

Bhandi Film Tails

Short III Mark

Nevertheless. Provides Entertainment

by P oul Jensen

Nine Hour: to Rama intends to be
a suspense film about Mahatma
(ihandi. While the movie does not
really succeed in making this un-
likely combination work, it never-
theless is an entertaining though
unimportant presentation.

The main difficulty with the film
is its uncertainty: it isunsure what
its message is, or even if it has
one at all.

Most of the picture‘s two—hours-
plus running time is given to the
story of (ihandi's young assassin,
Though this part is strictly sus—
pense film material, it is obvious
that (ihandi shall die.

Mon md ideas

The sccncs of the ludian leader,
however, do a creditable job of
presenting this man and his ideas.
This is capped by a concluding,
post-assassination sequence in
which an accented, off—screen
voice speculates philosophically
about (ihandi and the results of
lllS death.

\s a result, the film is pulled
in two opposite directions—toward
I'Tric .\mbler and Blake i-Idwards
.it one extreme and .\bby Mann
.iiid Stanley Kramer at the other

it might have liccn possible for
this two—way stretch to produce a
tension of sorts, but instead the
already wi-ak connection between
the two IS snapped.

\\'liilc the movie's intr-ntronsare
not clcai‘. much of what it ac—
complishes is.

Portioon of Radical
’i‘hc fictional story of Nrithuram
(iodsr', the assassin, is meant to
present a portrait of a young radi—
cal. But .\‘atu seems less like
such an idealist than just a bitter
and anng youth attempting to

avenge his family‘s death.

liidccd. there is at one point the
strong suggestion that heonly car—
ried his plan through because an
iiidiaii suffragcttc refused to leave
her husband to go away with him.
\iid, of course, when (ihandi, with
his dying brciith, forgives .\'atu, the
killer realich his error, falls to

the ground and kisses the dead
man's feet.

Furor is Natural

Horst Buccholz valiantly tries
to do something with this poorly
developed character, but very little
can be done. On the other hand,
Das, the Superintendent of Police,
is a believable person. Well
played by Jose Ferrer, he looks
completely natural, not only to
the environment but to the story-
line.

The portrayal of (ihandi by J.R.
Cassyhap is extremely effective.
Physically and emotionally, this
small role is the most impres—
sive one in the film.

\\liile the plot is potentially B—
melodrama, the many on-location
scenes of teeming lndian streets
and villages, the scenes with Cas—
syhap (and some of Ferrer‘s),
and some occasionally beautiful
photography, particularly oftihan—
di's face and hands. raise it to a
higher level. For these things
alone, the film is worth viewing.

But this does not vindicate the
uncertain script (by Nelson (lid—
ding) and unimaginativc direction
(Mark Robson) that highlight the
film. it is as if Gone With the Wind
has been set in Tennessee \\'il—
iianis‘ South.

Weinstein Play

To Close Season

(‘losrng out an active dramatic
Season, the State i'nivcrsity the—
iiter will present .\rnoid \\'ein-
stein’s "Red iiye of Love.” James
Leonard of the theater’s director-
ial staff will direct theproduction.

.\II the fun of the play is di-
i‘cctcii toward taking healthy pokes
at a host of social mores, leveling
its trencbaiit satire primarily at
love and big business —- .\merican
style.

The play produced by the lira-
matics and .\rts (‘ouncil will bc
presented Friday and Saturday
evening May thb and 18th, The
curtain will go up on Pagie Hall at
8:30 p.m.

'l'ickcts ari- bciiig sold at the
Theater ticket office, ll, W9, from
i to It p.m.

Senate Defeats Peace Group Budget,
Passes limited Budget Ior Recreation

by Gene Tobey

\t'lldll‘ |\' b.ick Ill llit' suing of

Hill]. I'lii- ilispnssioiiab- .til' oi
sterili- i‘lllt'li'ill'V gov \\.IV last
\\I'ilili‘SIlJY night to iriiscd Iciii—
pi-i‘s, pci'soiinl coinnii-iits, .iiid .ll-—
ll'llilllt'tl In~:ii~b.iiliiig

ltiglit otl llll' b.it, i'iii.iiicc I'oiii—
lllillt'i‘ l't‘tllll‘Sll‘il .t ‘i'I'itI ippi‘o—
pi'i.ilioii for .i spruiltci‘ it this
l.i||‘» iiblli t‘oiit'ocnlioii.

Vun Durcri Chosen

wivli-cII-xl by llli' li‘o--.li \\r u Iwiiil
[rilliitnllt‘l‘ “IN lll \[ii'l-. \Ill
Itoir ii, t‘liillit'ill iiillioi tiIIl i'l'lllt
.tiltl now l'lwtl'o‘wll lilii'lilli‘x «it
l‘iiglisb .il i‘oitiiirbir

\\llllt' "llllll ‘it‘ltlllli" b-ll Ill"
iiiipr‘cssioii \\Irlllrl br \\llll tlicrmnic
ol Ilic ~~pc.ikci .iiid not \\llll his
lilt‘fihdlﬁ‘t‘, lllt‘ [ii.iloi‘ll\‘ .igi‘i-i'rl |li.il
bringing .i llitll oi \lll lllrl'l'll‘\
sl.iliii‘c would gm: thi-t’iiiivoiziliwn
.t ilt‘l'tll'il “sliot llI lllt‘ .lliii,”

“iiiidcnl i’i-ir-i- (.i'oiip’s liiirlgi-t

ii.is ii.ii roulv Ilt'lt‘.llt'll. lllll' Sciii
loi' .icciiscd lllt‘ group of "ictte
wriig prripzigaiidiring." \iiotlicr
obiccli-d to llll‘ subsidizing ot p.ii'~
[ismiii political \icws
l-lll'fit‘ attacks \\t‘l'l‘ t‘tllllllt‘i‘t‘tl
by accusations of “ti:il'l'<i\‘\"
iiiiiidcdncss" :iiid “illibci'rilni-ss.”
Si-iiali- ict tiiciii go .iiiotiici' ycxii'
nilliout funds.

Recreation Budget
Hut tlic big llillt' coiisunici of

tlic two ind t)llt“ll.lll lioui' \t'h‘Hltll!
\vzis llc[).ii'triii-iil oi lft't'l‘t‘.tllt)ll'\'
request for stunning.

torch \ir-i'lui lizitli.i\\.iv \\'.is
present to .iiisucr qui-strons oiitlic
itciiiiycdbudgct.

\lll'i' two motions to liiiiil dc»
liiitc, tlii- budget was tin.iilyp:isscd.

iiiiiiicdiati-lv, iiii-iiibci's of hi—
ll.l||\'l' ('oiiiiiiitti-c pi'oposml .i llitl’
tion to l't‘Sli'll'l llll‘ iiiiiiii llilt' ip
pi'opri:itioii of $3,533] 17 tor
“i-qiilpinciil, i'cpdii's, ind «op
plus."

l‘llt' llllllltlll llililllV
lII'IJil‘illii‘llllii

il'i’l’llll‘ll ll\'
‘ii'lt.lll' it‘nll'll‘lﬁ' llli
purchasi- only tliosc listi-d on llli‘
births-I .iiid iii stir-ii iiiiiiibci's up In
.tll'l including tliosi- hilllllldlt'il in
tlic lnidgct, \iiditioii.il piii'clinmw
llilliil bc subiiiilti-dto i'iii.iiii-ct'oiii
lllllll‘l‘_

Iii ll‘H.“ lll'.llt'(l .ictioii, llll‘ iioiii
Itoiiglas ii.igg 'til .|\

i"i'.iIi-i'iiltics .iiid liil

Iiiitioii oi
\liiiisb-i' oi
/:iiiii.iii 'tiii .is si-cond \‘i-iiali- ﬁt't‘
rotary \\i-ri- t‘lllllll'llli‘tl.

Election

In the ('ltib‘t’il session Sciiiitc
iioiiiiiialcd and cicctcd livc lilt‘lll'
bci's lo the iicwlyciiliii'gcd \llllt‘llt'
Advisory Board.

The pcoplc t'lt‘l‘ll‘il wi-rc rloscph
(Kiiiibridgi- ‘ti‘l, \i.ii'y
i'ii‘i'oi l ilxgci ild “(5:3, \\iiliaiiit‘oi»
gaii \iicliaci Iioii-i'iiiiiiti

'(iti.

fonts '03,

'ti i, .ilitl

 

NOTICES l

Junior Clou

Pat Pezzulo, vice president of
the Junior Class. announces that
tickets for the Junior Class Ban-
quet are now on sale in the peri-
styies. The banquet, a Smorgns-
bord, will be held at Herbert's on
Sunday, May 19 at l p.m.

Members of the JuniorClass are
requested to return their senior
pictures to room 1 in Brubacher
during the week of May 13. Cap
and gown pictures may not beused
In the yearbook. Anyone wishing
retakes may make rearrangements
at this time. If there are anyproh-
lems, please contact Corky Pet-
rick, editor.

Les lnnovateurs

l.es lnnovateurs will hold a
meeting on May 16 in Brubacher
from 7:00 to 8:30 p.m. The pur—
pose of this meeting will be to
elect new officers. Refreshments
will be served.

The Second .\iiuual (‘losingBan-
quet will be held iii the PetitParis
Restaurant on Tuesday, May 2].
French cuisine will be served. At
this time. the new office will be
installed. .~\ g‘ucst speaker will be
featured.

.\11 those who are interested in
French are urged to attend. Tick—
ets will be sold in the pcristyles
from 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 pm. on
May 1:3, 16 and 17, They will be,
$3.50 each.

Charming Club

(‘hanning Club is having its an—
nual Spring Picnic, Sunday, May
19, at the home of Dr. Joseph R.
Sanders, 538 Dawson Road. Del—
mar. All who are interested in
attending should sign the list on
the Channing Club bulletin board
or contact Trudie Steckal by May
15th, lit) 3-9438.

Financial Notice

The Troy Business and Profes-
sional \\'omen‘s Club will award
$125 to a girl or woman who re—
sides in the Troy area, including
\\'ritervliet and rural reas around
Troy.

The applicant should becnrolled
for lllt' purpose of completing a
tit-gi‘cc program or taking special
courses to advance hcr positions.

The ’l‘roy ('lub is particularly
interested in aiding thcwoman who
is returning to the labor market,
or who is desirous of changingher
ca i‘ci-i‘ to :i mori- satisfactory field
for hcr‘ abilities. The applicant
should llt‘ doing satisfactory Work.
biit lll‘i‘tl iioi llt‘ :it the top of the
cliss.

The club is more interested in
the St‘l‘ltltlSlli'HH of purposc in tak—
ing the coursi- or courses and in
licr ilt't‘tl for financial assistance
iii cow-ring lllt‘ cost of the cour-
St‘h‘,

\pplicairoiis .ll'l‘ now available
in HM“ i‘iiiziiicial .‘ltl Office and
should be sent in no later than
May 1:3, liltiii

Seniors
(‘oloi' it IiiriY' it my oI thr- I’ll
seniors riot lil.lllil|lil_',lli.lllt‘lltl Mov—
iiig<l p-i).iy would llkt‘ to.ittcndtbi-
function, they may \llllill‘tll‘l‘i’lt‘itll
.iiid gown by t‘tillldt'lllltl, lIlt'k Kciiy
Ill \\.tlt‘l'lttll'\' ll.lll.

Counselors
The first oriciit.ition llir‘t‘llilgltli‘
tlic counselors toi' i"i'os|i \\'ccke
liltiii \\’lil liikc [iirit'c oil l“l‘lil;i\',
May it) ill olic o'clock in ltﬁiiltl.
\il counselors are i'cquircd to ill-
li‘llll
Bruin-u Studentt
\ll business students desiring
to student teach during the 1963—
til :icadenuc Vt‘dl' .iiid whohavc not
Vcl been iiitci'\ icwcd by either Mi'.
ii.iycr or Mr, Schullhcis should
Sec Mr, S'cliulthi-is III “175 on
Friday, May l7lli‘i\\t't'llil-13it.lll.
it this is iiiipossdrlc, contact
Mr Si-buitbcis through the college
lililll

 

