 

  

Reminder to Parents

The following is a guest editorial written for the
S. U. News by Miss Elizabeth Stroud ’64. We feel that
Miss Stroud has something of importance to say.

We do not intend to make guest editorials a regular
feature, but when we feel someone who knows what
they are talking about has something important to
say, we will not hestiate to print it as a statement
of editorial policy, as long as it is in harmony with
the S. U. News.

In looking through our accumulation of phrases and
thoughts-crazy little things we have a habitofwriting
down when the mood hits me—we ran across one that
struck us as especially appropriate:

A rabbit flats himself against

some hidden barricade, and waits

the sniffing moistness of his

crunching death.
You see, tomorrow, for all too many, is a “day of
reckoning;” tomorrow, pacifying letters willno longer
suffice, and parents must be met, face to face. Not
that children no longer want to see their parents, nor
that they no longer love them; quite the contrary.
It’s the extreme love, the inevitably desperate desire
to please them that causes unhappiness and tension.

Fear and apprehension, rather than joy and ex—
pectation, may well be the words to describe the
prevalent feelings tonight. How, in fact, does one
explain the pressures, the competition scholastically,
to a parent who has hoped for such outstanding
records? How does a student who all through high
school maintained an honor roll status, explain that
the formerly easy A’s and B’s have given way to
hard fought for C’s‘?

The student, of course, understands that high
school and college are two entirely different situa-
tions; he knows the frustration of doing what he
considers his best, only to discover others consider-—
ing it only average. Within an amazingly short period
of time, he has been hit with Albany’s very high
standards, and is even now going through a period of
adjustment. His parents, on the other hand, have
frequently not adjusted; they haven’t been faced with
papers, with exams; they haven’t had to sit in a class
where everyone else seems two to three times as
intelligent as they are.

It’s often more fit it difficult to admit, tiy as they
might, that a son or daughter simply cannot achieve
a Dean’s List standing. Too often, failure to achieve
such a goal is attributed to stupidity or lack of ap—
plication, rather than to the fact that college isa
strenuous and difficult job.

flappin enough, parents aren’t really the ogres
they appear at first glance. They can and will under-
stand. You, as students, have had four weeks to
adjust, to re—evaluate your capabilities. I)on’t “flat
against some hidden barricade and wait;” explain,
talk to your parents as the adult you’re becoming,
and give them time. it’s a new situation for them,
too.

NEWS Recommends New Senators

qualified (G), and unqualified (1’)),
ratings we gave with the help of
people outside the News staff and without

(‘ontinuing News lioaril’s policy of ree-
ommending outstanding candidates in stu—
dent elections, we have adopted a policy

'l'he

 

PAGE 2 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 18, 1963

 

 

 

SWELL

I hear the games are going to be played in the corridors of the Albany

Medical Center.

‘lis Better to Civo’

The Foster Parents Plan fund is some—
thing we, of the S. U. News, deeply be-
lieve in. It would be easy for us to write
pages on this subject, but we will re—
strain ourselves.

The picture on the front page speaks
eloquently enough.

The reader might ask why we are doing
this’.’ Aside from the obvious reasons
that flow from the emotions, we also feel
that this is a way the University as a'
whole can give a child a truly wonderful
Christmas.

We stress the phrase “University as a
whole.” The S.U. News can serve as an

excellent funnel through which the 1 iii—
vcrsity can channel its expression 1. In .,
and brotherhood.

i

, i l
i .

In the past, smaller groups have

together for similar efforts. [hit 2:
has the University ever united ‘i'

worthwhilz a cause.

No contribution will be consider,

small. Indeed it is not the sizi-
contributions that will count, biz'
number.

Please, let’s make this a united
Christmas will be far richer
us, if we do.

for i‘ .‘

Rivalry Spirit Rolled Under

It is unfortunate that the controversy
over the Rivalry pushball game has left
such a bitter taste in everybody’s mouth.

.\dmittedly, the Rivalry committee made
a bad mistake in ever allowing the game
to be played at all. fibviously, when the
Sophs failed to field a team at the ap—
pointed hour, the game should have been
forfeited at once.

I’nfortunately, through simple human
error, it was played. Since the Rivalry
committee is composed of very human

beings, they realized their niistik
forfeited the two points to the

We only wish that the Sophs, 'ff.‘
pet-ially their president Steve (‘iirin
is supposed to set :in example o‘
sportsmanship, would act-ept this ii
in good graCe.

The world does not
Rivalry. ‘.\inuing, of eourse, t»
jeet, but fostering class unitv it“
.‘ii'i‘ supposed Ii) lli‘ ’ilb' l't‘Ill t.’
hope that the drive to win his
S(‘Ill:i‘il these goals,

revolvi

 

 

State University NEWS 

  
  

‘-

ESTABLISHED MAV info of

air nu: CLASS or IOII P...  

 

of rating students:ii'eorihngtotheirmerit, the help of any of the ‘eaudidates them— 7,0 gm." JMWNV NP“ '3 J wij MW] J,"  W ,

'l‘here are two var-aiii'ies to be filled selves, range from unlit through uiiqual- New I"11v viuwoiwv i'w wwl iuii.   r.-

Y _,   ..  ii..«-. .iii.... . NW ..    
by soiiiiiimiiiw mi mo in in: tilted by moi. iiuuiiiioi. iim'ivivviiriiiiiiiir-ii. wii i,:"..;'..,..'iiitiriji‘ni’ ,,   a J
Juniors. \\'e shall i-onsider the Juniors qualified, very well qualified, and ex— “m notion...“ fur... and   .ii. i .. i . w
first. i-eiit'oually’ well qualified. H l " “l” "' J' i” """"'

'l‘his eli-i-tion presents the problem of \\e are thinkful that no one rzih-il unfit, nillfAMii ii not
too few vzii-aneies for the number ofout—- \\i' I'i‘dl'f‘l llh're are iiol eiiollh“h Ull"”l”'r4H liAVIf) w. rims H'M- U M a. :
standingcandidates, for all the very well and i‘\'i'i‘[)liiiiy;[]]y i.....i....iir.n.. vi ,

" - ' ‘ ~S. . z \‘e :i ‘I'W ‘( '

If! is Illt opinion of tin U News thit \ ll qu ii If d pi iph, I I RON “Mm [W H
liii'k Stenard, l’at l'aszino, and liave N1" \\e, for ihis speeial f‘lt‘f'Iltill, have sworn”... «-
onto are all l‘Xf‘l‘I)Ilf)ll.‘lIl_V well—qualified named only the names and designations [mm “MN

I 4
and that (‘iirolyn Si-hiiiol and Joanne (.ross of those are rei-ouiiueiiding, 'l‘he Assuiiiitr: fin... A~
are very well qualified, .\o other i-andi— names of everyone appear in IIII' :irfii-lo MMN M Hm ,
date rated in these twohighesteategories, reporting the eleefioii, A,...,..,.,, i,,,,,,, 

()f the four others running for .liiiiior .\H In!" IUIHH‘ i'li‘f'lltillh‘. Wt“ Will i'iiil- SUSAN HMMON
senators, we found two fairly \vell quali— linue with the policy we havi~ outlined iniiii.....iSwarm...

w . , . .  .v above a i \\'| e.‘ i ' 1 'i '
ll(.l(l and two iniqualffii d. . v “I H \I’m‘l II I” “I 'l “‘ I’M” Assistant four... ’ 

ft is ('li‘ill'lV a ('Il()l(‘i' between the first to name names in all six (ﬁlli'gfn'll-H‘ our, i,,,,,,,., Hum, ,,.ofl.uri,' r

‘ (IJIUIHIIISIS l- "I "I

live names listed above.

_\inong the If; Sophoriiores running for
the two var-aiir-ies in the Sophomore dele—
gaiion, we found only one candidate ex—
f'f‘lllfiilhlllY wellqualified-(larySpii-hnann.

\‘w ilso found f'fdith Hardy and lili'li
Vlf‘H Irvi-k very well qualified. \N'e found
Ill“ fairly Well qualified (>1),

utterly

\liil"f

i'i-ifiiiiiiiIi-i

.\iiyoiie we eoiisider to be worthless, and
unfit
those who are able,

fly doing this, We expeet to make a few
friends
i-ni'iiiios. \\'e also hope to diseoiirgi- .‘itilllf'
of State’s more worthless people In)“,
running next Mai-eh.

good

Rupuf'l”)

will be named as will all

AISII'UIII Imliriii ill ‘iopoivrsor

l'Iioiouriipliou

and an awful lot of

vlupoirsiliilily Io:

Lililry biioiid, l’uol Jonson, losepliUUIIiUl, “Mr I ‘” "“"
“osmiuon MuilSiJiil, ISL-Hy Wiiiiar, Ilvluii l’noosoik, “11’ i
I Him I: Iluiiiiutl, lIiiiolii l yniic, hion Murdock, Duly itivsi iil erg, " i i

IuLIIIlHllI Asxiiiinils

William (no), nylll i‘ ililiv

in. ‘i'

loliii Mayor, lolly Ii'Hl'J'*‘l“' )1" ll" I‘M

ul.
All roiiiinuiiiculioiu should be addressed to the 041"" 9"“ "W" Lu “gun
Non-o; will be withheld on toque“-

The State Uiiiveiv'y NOW: disijfiiai 

lroIJ.
W”ku enpienod in II] Culuiniia or “unimaan

lUf.II expiouiuiu do out iiaconaory reflect it! "0*"-

..-ss WWW, _..___‘___——L.A

 

 

 w... .,,,...3,.,m

1....3‘.ﬂ=i.;...nm.~mm<—-a - ~

......,, ... , . .__,.,.l . , ,.

mew-guy“. ~:‘::':‘ ' 

 

 

 

_.........m-w~-*.T.} ’

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 18. 1963 PAGE 3

 

Senate Rives WSUA Funds for Records,
telephone; Covers IlCIlI of All ll. Reception

by Irv Carpenter

l‘dllﬂlli‘é Committee’s report at
Wednesday night's Senate meeting
was the main point of interest.

WSUA, the University radio sta-
tion, saved $310.00 by double check-
ing on their bill from Seiden Sound.

They, therefore, requested that
an additional $350.00 be placed in
their budget.

$200, to be used in the Record
Line, Would replace part of the
money removed by Senate due to
the recent deficit.

Telephone Dlscussed

The members of Finance Coin-
iriuiee did not feel that WSUA
should rei-eive $150 for a'l‘elephoue
Line. siur'e the radio station in-
sialled iis phone before it received
Senate approval.

Senate did, however, appropriate
$121) to mom the expenses of main-
iaiiiing the phone.

the rosis of the phone ‘.\‘Ill('li or-
('lll i ed before I‘Qi'f‘Ht‘ Senate auth—
oi i/aiion for the phone wrfl be paid
b. members of' WSUA.

.\ request was made b‘. the m-
i'l.;lllfllilll of ihe All L'niieisiii Ite—
r'i-piioii for $82.70. This money
would be usod io eoier ilie extra,
rifle-.pei-ieil expenses of the fi’ei-ep
llfill.

The main opposition heldthe point
of view that they overspent their
budget without Senate’s approval.
This money was appropriated with
only four negative votes and one
abstention.

As a result of this discussion,
Senator Gala ’64 made the follow-
ing resolution.

Be it resolved that all chairmen
of all organizations and special
days, in writing, be told that all
records of expenses be placed in
a written report and this report
be given to the chairman of the
next year, be directed to remain
within their budgets, and be re—
minded of' the existent-e of Sen—
ate’s l’iiiaucial Polii'y'.

This resolution was passed uu-
auiuiously'.

Karen Keefer ’t‘iti reSigned from
Senate.

Senator \Volrier ’tii'r. r-hairuiau of
Constitutions CUIIHIIIIIUO,ZlilflUllllf'EiI
that all constitutions have been re-
\1e\\'ed. Work on rmising some of
these is now being started.

The Confederation Conunitiee re-
ported that ilie upi-oiuuig Confed—
eraied Student Goiermni-ni (Souven—
iion will be held at Geneseo and
will discuss problems i- inimoii of
most State Sf’llliiils,

'f‘he appoiuiirieni of LeonardSned—
don ‘l}~l was i-onfir'iiied as Minister
of fraternities.

   

SING, C.A.I.T. COURT HIGHLIGHT
THIRD WEEK OF RIVALRY PERIOD

The Rivalry Sing will bring to a close all Rivalry events until Campus Night
next weekend. The Sing will be held Saturday, October 19, in Page Hall at 7:30
p.m., in conjunction with the Parents Day program.

Each class will present their four songs to the University at that time. A
welcome song, class fight song, University fight song, and a class alma mater,
which will be completely original in words and melody, will be presented in that
order. The Sing will be worth three Rivalry points. Points will be awardedto

ignii-

l

Following brain teaser contains names of all members of K-Court.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBCCCCCCDDDEEEEEEEEEFGGGGGHIIIII
IJJJJJJJKKKKKLLLLLLLLLMMMI|||IIIIOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPRRR
RRRRRRRRRSSSSSTTTTUUUVWWYY

 

 

 

COMM UNI CA TIONS

 

 

 

Station Manager Cites Editorial as Misguided

To the Editor:

Among other disgusting bits of
"iiiie." your last issue of the
News displayed an outrageous ex-
ample of l‘ isi'uided and misused
ediioi iaf polii-y and news reporiing.
I am referring m pariir-ulai to your
Lil 'ii-le headlined “Senate 'l'uius
frown \YSUA [request for .\IIIlllliililtl
:fgiiii "

'l‘he headline iiself is flagrantly
erroneous: WSL'A did uoi iequesf
.in. “additional” appropriation;
\\.“i't'.\ requested that a line (‘llilllll_(‘
21' lllllIIU lll orifei that the (ilft’llllll

upjil'iilil'lﬂllirli (‘lillltl be used for a
telephone line to iiriprove St‘l'ﬁf’t,‘
and expand far-fifties for the WSUA
listeners.

.\ siaiioii telephone would he used
as a dii'ei't liiie ronner-fioutobroad-
(‘ast liye sporting merits and high—
lifthiing i-ainpus eienis (basketball
from the Armory; Campus iiighi
from Page).

()irl. with a ii-lephorie i'ifii \\'Sl'.\
pioiide men the assumed seiyiii-
of i'lll'l'('lll weather reports.

h'i-feriiug iii the siaiemeni fluff
\\'SL'.\ installed the phone “wiih uii
unilniij/uiion from Senaie.” may I

Homecoming & Campus Night Activities

lo Mark Next Weekend

Ned li’i'idai marks ihe -.iaii of
lliifllf‘i‘iilllllijl, \leelxend. lllt' Illllfff'f‘
for alumni to return io shire. 'f‘he

\\i-el.i-iiil will irlfii lull‘. I‘I‘I‘lf ﬁ‘llhllie
li"‘l\llutlilli of the alumni from 7-H
pin. ire-.i l'll-Ill..

Senate Elections

Begin Next Week

.i .iIi- Il‘jddi i-nieiii elei'Hoir riff
:i I‘I f .\lon i;i.. liii-sifax, .ii. : ‘ded-
.i hi. or ii,i-. iomini' -\I‘I‘Iu.

I.f’ l;i~..iiiir, .Joniiiii' trio» , llt‘li'li
1hr I‘Iiili', ‘irin winiiii-iaio, l .lliil'.|i
i lifii-ifl, I’li l. .‘ifi‘iiill 'I l';|.i‘.‘illi .IIii,

‘.|J f \iio, .niif .‘iaii \\.bei .iIl
ili ~ of ltiii .lll’ iininiin Iiil two
opi .ff.;‘ fioui the .lui.ii-i il.l.\‘.

[hose Sirpraifiioii' llffil.||i for llil'
I. rhiililiilllltill‘ ..ii.iiii ll“ il!t' (in!
Iiyii-lurarni, I‘illfll fluid, li‘iiii fen
i .i i , Jain-i fihiil ll, \ein l\li[lf.lfiii\l.l,
\llli‘ iio.i lliiflill, lion \\.fl'i‘l f‘ai
(iii'l‘ir, ihnii, Iillllliill' lill"fllt’li
lrf .lllil, i)l(‘\t‘ 'l'iowl-iiilt‘i'. Iltll'
(Iiilll‘, lioris i'ounp, (jloria \llll‘m,
ly.iii- \.in I\lt‘(‘ll., and Sand. lap—
iii‘llii.

at State

(in l-iidu‘. owning the alumni
will be able io niieiid t‘arupnsNigxhi,
where the ('lnsses irf ‘fiti and ‘4}?
will pii-seni iheii liiyafry skits.
liuriiiit ilie I"il‘lilll‘,' thr- ('airipus
Queen .iiid her aiiendanis will lie
i‘ineali-d, and the winner of Rizali.
will ie arinouni-ed.

(in Siiiiudan ihr- alumni will be
~.ei .irif Iunrheoii til i: iiooiiiii“\\.il-

den." .'\l. fziiii p.iu. Ihe Iliilllf’f‘iilllllfl’
l’aiade lead l. the Campus Queen,
will siari Iownid l'niyi-isii. field
where .‘iiaii- l‘iiilt'l‘i \vill iiii-ei
'iil‘f‘d in 1' ,ll 1:00 p.ui.

\ l’uiiih l';iii will be held for
Seniors graduates :inil.iluiiiiii from

"is. p.in. III [III' Sf‘lfllif' 'l'en layil.
Illill'l, l‘he loiinal Ilillif'l‘, also in
ihe .‘n from 'leii I'..l In. from 0—] mm.
vii lf‘.flllll'I i.inl.( n:~.;ido’sUri-fies—
on [If the brand liafl Moran, and
Hal l. li‘iiyiiiiriid“ Illilif“»lllf III the
I . ii Ili,|li;'(‘ l‘iiiilf’.

iiii :iin. i.i. ai .1:uo pin. The llli‘li»
popular fiilkssinrvffq‘group,
'.'~iil i'l.l' .i robieii iii Page lldll.

liii liil IIiI' l'iiiiii.il l'uizi‘eiiia‘i lie
piiii-d up .ll ihi- l‘eii-.I.les durinr,

 .iii'fi,

rhi- nerd and ihe not. There is no
(liilllt‘. livid-ii. ior llfi'lllt'li\\l.l\llll‘ll
tom l'll .-.ill be on mile in lln- PM i-
snlim .iI Sldiili-aih

 

Co/fege C a/endar

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER I8

/:00, 9:15 p.tn. II‘G:
SATURDAY, OCTOBER l9
8:00 p.iri. Parents I)in

8:00 p.iii. Rivalry ‘iirig
50LL912

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21

"Curiy-Uppuri ossinoii's

“Call Me Modern"

()swego

Page llull
Awin

Book: Moiiduy"

D-34‘)

you i'iifff‘lllfli‘ ihai Sen-
ifie anihoiiiy io authorize
installation of a leleirlnure'.‘ 'l‘his
aiuhoi'iiy lies only with the thief
lingineer of (,‘aiiipus liuildings.Sen-
are would do well io fulfill its own
responsibilities wiihoni assuming
other s’ auihoriiy.

inquire how

ate has

May I also point our dnii “\iola-
iion of Senate lllllllli‘lill pioi-edin‘e”
is a \(‘I'\ yague phrase. (Indeed,
llli' Senate iiself should define and
adhere to some finmii i.il pioi'edili‘e
or its own.)

l‘lllllif’l'flliili‘. ihe final paragraph
of mm “news” ariirle seems to
inipl. that  should appease"
“one i-ommiiiee llfi'lllfil‘l " io satis-
i. an iridiiidual's iniiiipieiaiion of

i i

“print-ditto " \\'SL'.\ ‘.‘.lll liiil rer-
ogxnixi- this “l.i.ife—;ii— our—bark”
lolidirii' attempt at p- lllli‘dl eo—
f'fi ion. f'fns “phi. " 'lli not '.‘.'iil'l\'.

to ruin lli .iini "iii'ei "i-ifi'oiizil,
“New Senate Itl‘lt'!llfll..llli|lf,,' I
would like Ill add in. iliflilfli'liilillliill
Io fwriuiiz‘iepi-ii.ifl. fliesi- ihiee

l‘ iii;i.ii e (‘ornmiitee

who are represented as
“iii-iiiiniin.iiion" — for fi-
“iii .ifrules

lit‘l'dll'.f‘v‘.iilllii‘
iiieliibeis
heinilii“
lfllll
i-f reap. initifim."

NI(‘I< Argyros '65

lt‘i'fii'fil/ll. ivilif'

Student Dr'supprmies
( K ennerly Sufi re

To the Editor:

Saluida irrhi f thoroughly eu-

pi.ed two hours and iiIii-i-ii nriiiuies
oi f‘lili‘llifllilllt‘lfl flidll in: fellow
\lllfll‘lll‘i. l‘.‘.iib iiil nun III itself
unique and .i Ilit‘if‘llllllllill \‘.iiitli\
of a i'iillf‘j‘l‘ llllifli‘fdf‘, l'hiu is,

all i-xiepl one, naunel’. Ilil' pseudo-
iiiiifiafl of I’ll"'llll‘lil Iii-iifii‘ily tit
\'.iifl\.

l'ni- f'resideni. is the iillii‘i‘ lll
iiiii '.ii('ll'l\ \tlili h, ill‘lwt' Lill iiilii‘ih,
(If’ul’l .es respect, l'oi .io iilhei
reason, I feel ih.ii this paiiiiufar
bit of same should fi;l\i‘ been elim-
tiiilleif from the program. Sallie
has its uses and place as .ui inte-
giaf pail of humor hiu iioi when it
fiiis at the roots of an .\iiieiiian
iiadiiion. This was neither the time
nor ihe plai'e li-l its use

Harriette C iopcriiiuii '65

SH!) Changes Plan

To Manage Printing
0f Course Guide

At a fer-evil Senate meeting, Rob--
eri Sargeiii ’04, President of ilie
Student Union Organization, an-
nounr-ed thin the SUU would not be
publishing the i‘om so Guide as had
been ulllllillllf'ml previouslx.

This statement surprised many
senators sinre ihe week before, he
had ulllltilllli'i‘il just the opposite,
that the SUii would publish the
( ourse Giudc.

'i'he derision to publish ihe Giudc
was iearhed when an informal poll
was ('iillfllli‘ll}fl of all the members
of ihe (‘I-.(‘f‘llil.(’ board of the SUU.

lzai'li member was telephoned and
asked his posiiion. All were in fa\or
of ihe proposal

Opposition Stated

When Mr. .\1i‘l\'inhon, the liirerioi
of ihe Collere Lliiioii, returned fioiii
a ion\eniion, he III‘L'llll sia'ing his
oppoSitioii to the jilllli.

llis opposition f‘i‘lilt‘lf‘ll on his
belief that llii‘ majority of [notes-
sors at the Lorinersiiy opposed ihe
(onrse Guide and rhai publiraiion
of ihe Guide i'. the SEN would
liai fll SUiJ-l'ai uliy relations.

.\l('l\d|rlllifi lll‘ii said that the job
was ioo large for the L'iniin and lllill

if was a lil“l\ oniih f‘illli’fl for a
t'li\l'llilllf'fil iiid a serum, organ-
i/aiioii.
Reluctant Unanimity
fi‘epoie how if ihai iheii- w'eie

Iilrji'i lliiirH iii ;‘Iilliij .fliili;' ‘.'.llli {\ll.
.\li-l\iniion’s iIllf‘fll\f‘ that a l[‘~
‘.l'l‘i.ll i.if-.i- pinie, but ill the final
note there was \ylinl has been railed
li‘llii‘liifit unanimity.

the report befoie Senate broughi
pron-sis and ma. iltli‘slliifis, but as
yet no buiheiai. oiguiii/aiion has
\olunieefed io inhi' fi\(‘l ihe task of

pr hiring the i iilll‘if‘ Guide. No one
proposed romping ihe siipnfaiion
that fire i'lllili‘ he published by :in

of gufil/tilliifi.

 

the winner on Campus
Night. The winner will
be determined by a de—
cision of the majority of
three appointed judges.

The parents ofour fresh-
man rlass will hate achanceio view
part of Iti'i'alri in the form of the
Sing. The purpose of holding the
event on Parents Day is to try' to
convey to the parents the spirit of
friendship and competition that ex—
ists between the freshman and Soph—
oruore classes.

Rivalry. one of State’s oldest
traditions, dates bar-k to 1923. Each
person gets out of Rivalry exactly
what he puts into it. If he will allow
it to. ltivalri gives the freshman a
chain-e to become an integral part
of State. develop an interest in, and
participate iii lllll\€l'SlI\ and class
8(‘IlVlfleS.

This week, the infamous C..-i.I.T.
Couri met, and tried Siaie’s offen-
ders. ’l‘lie \‘erdii'is that the Court
made will be in the student mail-
boxes today. All frosh will carry
oiu iiieii penalties during the final
week of ltivalri, better known as
Penalty Week.

The members of the court will
he arinouiired Campus Night.

This Monday will be“Carr_v Up-
peri‘lassuieu’s Book.s Monday.” All
freshmen will be required to carry
the upperrlassuien’s books during
ihe day.

Committee forfeits

Piislitiall on Basis
0f lnelligihle Players

The fin airy L“ o m m l i re e has
rear-lied a unanimous derision eon—
reimnp the rei'eni Rivalry Pushball
game.

The ftiyafri Committee based its
derision on the fuel that the Sopho-
mores were usingiiieligihfeplayers.
The rules had stated that all players
had to he on the field at 10:00 a.in.,
biii ilie Sophomores did iroi assemble
all iheii players until 10:45 a.m.

f‘he i,‘omrniitee made iiieiiei-ision
to award the points to the Class of
H17 on the plL’K'ULIE‘llI that when a
ream was not present for an event.
then it forfeited ihe points for ihai
eieni.

'l‘he ioiriniiiiee had ionsidered
ihe possihiuiy of playing ihe game
over, llll had derided ihai it was
unfair sinie ine frosh had legally
won ifue io Illf‘ fart ih.ii ihe Soplis
had iioi produied iheii ipioia of
pl.i.ei s oi. the field.

'l'he fi'i'.;ilr. iouiuiiiiee has foi -
mall. apolini‘ed to both i'lasses
for allowing the prone to be played.
Ilii‘.\t“~l'l. it feels ihai rules are
made io be followed. and that fl
is liillHJ-llig llli‘lll in us derision.

'l‘hi- Loriirniiiee has expressed
the hope iiiai in future fin-airy
eienis iiie jiiiftli’fpiitliifi will im-

I)lii.i‘.

“Recent Developnwnls in Hypnosis"

Topic of Speech Next Monday

111'. I‘lt.‘tlt’lli‘l\ 1.. Mairuse will
giie a leriuie on Monday eieiunii,
()i'tober If, at 5:15 pm. in die
lower lounge of Iiiiibai-hei flail.
The, info of his talk is "fi'eieiii
Iltﬂi'liiplllt‘filb lll Hypnosis,"

fir. Maii'iise a Professor of l’sy-
rhologi at \\".i~»hingioii Stale L'ni-
versiii, pieiioiisfy iaiighi at tor-
iiell Ufll\'(‘lbll., and is renowned
as an expeii in hypnosis.

Meiiibcis of a dirussioii panel,
who will appear with In. “Idlt‘llbtl,

aie hi on! Srhiuidhoter, M,D., Dep—
llly L‘oiiiuiinsionei of the New York
Slate liepiii iiireiii of Mental Hygiene,
and fir. friibenJ. Sifyei', an Assoriaie
Professor and Chief I’SM'IIUIUngl
or the liepaiimeni of Psychiatry at
Albany Medii ril College.

The piogiani l> being presented
by the l’syi hologii'af Association of
Nor iheasiern New York in coopera-
thin with ihe l’syi-hofogy Depart—
ment of the Siaie University of
New York at Albany.

c

 

 

