l

 

 

PAGE 6 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 18. 1963

‘Ian in Arabia’

 

A SAGA 0F TRIALS & ADVENTURES
0N VAST UNCHARTED WASTELANDS

Some of you may be acquainted
with Richard (Hallowed) Burton’s
Book of Marvels in which this noted
racortteur desrribed various scenic
beauties of great splendour around
the world. Particularly noteworthy
are his descriptions of aunciertt

Our hero caught in the iron clutches of on Arab w

scenic wortders along the banks of
the Nile.

These Beauties have captured the
hearts of not only Burtott, but of
beauty lovers the world over, in
spite of the fact that Burton just
bai‘ged in where he wan’t wanted
by the natives.

 

had nothing on him when it comes to getting in perils.

Emerging Africa—

A View hyan Exchange Student

by Maurice Tsododo

Imagine yourself suddenly thrown among a milling
crowd of strangers! How would you feel? I am sure
you would feel like a lost sheep.

That is how 1 found myself on the first day at this
college. As a foreigner I had prejudices and precon-
ceived ideas. And as foreigners always are iii an
alien country, I was very much reserved, but I grad—
ually found myself drawn in by the cataclysm of
brotherly spirit that Chﬂl‘ttCiCl‘lZCtl every student.
Quickly, like snow melting before a glaring sun, my
prejudice disappeared. I lost my acute feeling as a
foreign individual and became part of the gay major—

ity.

impressed by Friendliness

I was really amazed and impressed by thc friendli—
ness of everyone. The accorrtmodating spirit of the
college students has made a profound impression on
my personality. I bt-lioyc that a battle, though small,
towards international friendship has Itct‘ll wotr here.

Now that I am part of Albany State (hilt-git, I feel
I litinr art obligation to contribute something to it. I
can bcst do this by telling you about rrry country.

'I'licrc is an iittcnsc irttt-rcst by foreign countries
iii the critt-rg‘irrg African nations. 'l‘lrcy suck to under-—
stand tlit- aspirations of its pcoplc but in sot‘rrt- t-ascs
wrong irrrprcssions arc t'orrrit-d ol llll' .\lr'rt-arr St'ciii'.
l shall crrdi-rtyor, llli‘l‘t'ltil't', to prcsctii the facts

about .\ll'lt‘it lllt‘tl I know.

To start the ball rolling“.

‘Jiicstioii—~\\'ltrtt dot-s Africa think of \rrrer'itmi‘f
(it) be t'triiliiiili-tl llt‘Xi Wt't‘k)

 

 

RIM
Clutter: AND TAILOR:

"A Little Finer -- A Little More Careful"

“.‘l/I (intuit-tits (J‘filft'kt‘tl ("or ill/tor Ix’cparrs”

PLANT—Corner Washington Avo., and Ontario Street
ALBANY, NEW YORK

 

 

With Burton’s farrtotts descrip-
tions in mind, I was asked by the
Factfirtding Association for Tarn-
pet'ing with Sacred Obelisks
(FATSO) to run down any trace I
could find of a rumoured Minerva
treasure, which Burton alluded to
but could never find, for all his
resource and investigation.

One can hardli imagine my ec-
static joy at being asked by FATSO
to probe further into the inistei‘y
behind the—I cart scarcely speak
the words—Minerva Treasure. It
can only be described as sheer
joy and a sense of all-being t're-
netic orre~ness with the Great Eter-
rral Eye. If only Icouldhave realized
then how fraught with peril and
danger iriy journey would be!

But, Where?

The first, and iii some ways,
tnost difficult, though not the most
arduous part of my mission was to
find the true locatiorrot‘thetreasure.

“here had “Hallowed” Burton
gone \yr'orrg’.’ Where was the 'l‘r‘eas—
urc‘.’ Was there a Treasure? And
it there were a 'I'reasur'e, ought I
to search for rt‘.‘ And even it"I did
sear-ch. should I find it'.‘

And it I found it, what should I
do with it'.’ Pay inheritance tax‘.’
Sell it to the tr'osh for $24 worth
of Manhatten’.’ .\I‘. mind was botir
confused and peiphrtcd bi. these
possibilities as \yell as others

The HTisdole Manuscript"

'I'his arduous task hating been
done, we ull‘l‘.Ptl at \t‘\el'ill corr-
clusrorrs. Inst of all, iliir'ton was
ott-thc-bat trout iht- star'i. When
he saw the ulnp‘l; tor "sartdbar”
in the sit-called "'I'isdale Manu-
script," he irristakcnlj. assiitrredthat
that aunt-tent Author meant Long
Island, a basicall'. worthless trump
of sand in the western hemisphere.

\Ve deduced that Ulll'titll was wrong
when we noted the geographic loca-
tions iii the iriairusct‘ipt, and that,
lit tact. the author of the ’l'isdale
Manuscript was referring,r to the
Great Albatr'. Desert, basicallj. a
worthless hump o1 sand in the wes-
tcr'n heiirtsphere. But here was the
t1'11(‘ location of the great .\ltncr'\a
Treasure! (Crisp!) Iriniiredtaielj.
decrdcd to limesllgatt' \Llltl aboie
iircrrttoned desert.

Ilatirrr taken the (trial oosc Itali-
wa‘. as tar as possible, I got out,
and. equipped with binoculars and
hand: canteen. trradc read. for the
ltillL', trek. Hating dctrded that I
was read: . I sci our.

The Great Desert

'I'ht- first tt.ret- da.s tut-re iii.—
c‘.crrthrl, mot-pt thai I 1111‘1 a poor
lt-lrrwiis 'li.t[t1t‘tlllli“l .\'ci.'.ion Milli-1'.
 t ..cpi rtrititrl l::.t' ~~t lllt-‘ltlt..' about
"'t'.i:.L' it ,‘l” out of this '.'.r '
'.‘-.1"1‘llllr t." I tutttt it.c tt'llo‘w n xiii.
front to. tuiticcir ant waithcd the

TONIGHT
Irving,r _
Berlin’s

‘Call Me Madam’
.0349 7&9:15

 

.‘u.

 

  

 

Tormented by thirst, our hero finally cracks up, imagining he found
an oasis on the Great Albany Desert.

Ah, that so noble a creature as this should come to such an
untimely tote Lost, on the dreaded wastes of the New Compii without
a single drop of Hedrick's.

lcllow as he trudged off into Minerva or Pandora
the setting Western sun.

(hr the litth da‘.
/;rttort (ire, Giiibtciland), I was at—
.r ticr'cc Pinkerton tribe
lill Lillllf'li‘lil \‘-"r.ll' llldi‘lillle

out from chili—

Ilt'»}it'll—('lillSIlltd“
lraiisied and par'clrt-d, I was math I ’11‘1"~"l"iit'It 'lit' liiii-it lbw"

search when I saw

rm.  H 1,, so“. treasure. I ripped oit 'lrt~jt.i:i

ltcrrsbrc. Ito not open irrrtil t'hr'isi—

 

 

NOW OPEN
Mon.~Thurs. Until 9 P.M.
JOHN MlSTLETOE
BOOK SHOP
t..glt.tt \ .t ., \doiir‘v

 

 

 

lltl 'iv-‘fl lil

 

 

Gerald Drug C0.

317 Western Ate. Albany. N. Y.
l’hone 6-3610

The new Universit

Garden of Eden.

y will have to literally spring up out of the b
As for as the eye can see, there are only long rolling wind dunes, looking more lik

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRI DAY. OCTOBER 18, 1963 PAGE 7

 

the Physical Plant: Albany Views A New Campus
Culminating 1211 Years of Ever Expanding Facilities

by Dave Jenks

The State University of New York waits wonderingly and at times doubtingly on
the brink of its eminent move to a new campus. The fact that the bids for construc-
tion of the academic buildings were put out only a week ago serves only as a re-
minder that the reality of this seeming fantasy is rapidly looming up before us.
Yet, this enormous expansion of the university’s physical plant is only the latest
stage in a program of increasing facilities that can be traced back to the very roots

of its long history.

In looking at the physical growth of our State College in Transition one might
divide its history into seven major periods of construction. Briefly, the first would
include the construction of a new Normal School in 1848; the second, the construc—
tion of a school on \Villett Street in 1884; the third, the building of a new campus
consisting of three buildings (I-lawley, Draper and I-iusted) in the period 1906—09;
the addition of Page Hall, Richardson, and the
Milne High School in the 1920’s; the fifth period
which might be called the dormitory expansion era,
marked the construction of Pierce and Sayles Hall;
the sixth period completed the construction of three
more dormitories and an addition to Richardson in
the 1950’s, and the seventh and final period following
shortly after is the present construction of the New

Campus.

Each period of expatr—
sion has its own peculiar-
ities, yet it is surprising
to note certain similari—
ties in the causesandprob-
lems which persist through
all seven e ‘as.

First New Campus

'I‘he or It‘llt‘dl Not‘iiialSchool build-
trig. tlrc lHl'lllQl dcpoi of the Mo—
lrawk arid Iliidson railroad, in ls-l‘tt-l
was soon totind it- be inadequate
and iii 1‘c‘.~1t%, it new building was
(‘tiitstl'llt'tt-il on the corner ot flow—
aid and Lodge Streets at the cost
t)l$31—i,l)00.

Although it seems to tune been
fairly poorly constructed (there was
constant mention of the need for
rerrrodclirrg and repairs), it served
the Nor'itial School for 157 jrear's.

llowcier. in land, upon the tir—
spot-tron of a stale cotniuittec, it
was deemed necessary to construct
a new building. The result was an
act appropriating $133,000 for tire
purchasi- ot land and the erection
of a new building. the final cost
was Sittinttﬁf).

One interesting feature of this
new biiildtr'g was a $5000 stained
glass window donated by the alumni
association. Siipposedli it was the
largest single stained glass window
iir the United States at that time—-
cicn then our new biiildrnps ma".
haw bccn a lit more aostlieiicall'.
appealing than practical.

Campus Destroyed by Fire

At 'tlllf't itir Ilil‘ it". 1"»tfllllll’, itl
January it, 1001), lllit‘t‘tl} lot the
lllt‘ll 153 :cur old cuirrptts. A fire
bt’okt- oiii in the model at hottl rooms
and spread qlllt'hl'. ti‘.t‘l Ilt‘ licslll‘.
Ullt'tl floors to lllt‘ other rooms
Iietoio the tire engines could trial-.c

their war through the treacherous
Wlltlt’l\ weather. the tire had taken
its ioll. “practically total destruc-
tloli."

’I‘alrmg iintircdiuie action, theieg—
islatui'c appropriated $330,000 for
lilt‘ construction of :1 new i‘tillljills.
Ilowei er. during the interim.
classes were held in the 'I'r'trritr
Methodist (Ilrurch tlit‘ Albany I’e—
nrnlc .‘At‘dtlt'IIU, and the I‘tr'st I’r'es—
lt‘.tt'l'1.'ilt L'hirrch.

.‘tlihoiiutr a location on New Scor—
land Axerrtie (the present site ot the
Album Medical ('errier) was ser—
toiisli considered, the present sight
between Western and \\’ashintt,toir
Aiciriies was fourth agreed itpoir.

Architectural Anarchy

A Mr. Ross was to sei‘ye us the
architect but when his plans ran
o\er' the siate’s allotment, another
man was called in. in the end, Mr.
ltoss dcsrrrted the outside of the
buildings whrlc the second genito—
man. a Mr. Ileins, planned the irr—
ter'roi'. I'I\t-n lit the 1900’s we haw
Iltll ltt'tili tilde to escape tltls‘ proli—
ltilii til architects.

.Allltitlltﬁli the “new tiarrrpirs" had
onl'. been cotiiplt-it-d in 1000.1»; l'Jlb
l)l'. ltr'iibarher. I’rcsideiti ot lllt'
college. toitrrd need to cinphasi/c
'llt' need for additional building tu—
t'ilrtttis. the topic was discussed

'llt‘ l-t>.ilil id lillsti‘t's lill ltilII
.cars and tiitall iit l'.tl‘.i thc. sub—
lllllit'll .r l-1tl to tho it‘l'lhlutlllo,

In 1030 ilrc lill was passed for
.i $70,000 purchase of the land
bt-iwenn Hosted and Albair'. Iliyb
Si'llilltl.

“The Legislature's Lurrip'l
('onsir‘iiciton was llt‘l','lllt \\llll ita-
i‘.‘\.'i'.t‘.ullitli and the lit'l'dlttlllij‘ ottoo—
sir iicitoir on a foundation; liii\\‘t‘\t,‘l',

 

ancn cuttlp This picture illustrates the voste emptiness that is now the site of State's
(2 North Africa than Albany.

 

 

 

 

 

the work came to an abrupt halt
when the state lccrslaitirc refused
to appropriate the $1,000,000 nec—

essary to coirrpletc the t'itiisll‘tlt'tlull.,

Meanwhile, an “unsightly mound
of earth" iii an "objectionable
twel\e-toot pile" becarrie the focal
potrri o1thecampus..rr.dbiiihtiirgsor
not the siiidcni body continued to
grow. "The pressure of class size
becuiirc so threat that t‘harrningllall,
a poritotr ot the ncn'hbortrrg Uni-
iriiizrn thurch \irrs retried for
tlassos." (an ancient tort-runner of
train: ‘s modern annex \\hlt’lll.)

l‘irrallt, in turd-winter IIIBS»3‘.J,
nirtc tears and appt tIXIIIlillt‘l‘.
353000.000 alter ihc iilll'lttdl bill
to purchase the land, the buildings
\i'ci’o iiiudc ritailrrblc.

Now thin the academic structure
of the campus had at lea-.i icinpor—
.tIll'. bccn taken care of a serious

«it:  .

Normal School Building, 184 (below) located on Willett Street

  
   

 

proves to be an interesting contrast with the model of the New

Campus, l9?? (above).

 

. H,
. '49 r
A}. v ._
't-t'il‘aii-r

need for ltoiisrirg and resrdetrce fa-
cilities becarrre apparent.

Do-It-Yourseli

“Attetripts by the state education
departrrrcrrt, the college officials
and the state teacher's association
to jolt the legislature out of its
apathetic attitude regarding lrow the
future teachers lived were without
success.

“It becarrre apparent. iheretor‘e,
that it suitable resident-c trails were
to be built, the\ would have to be
undertaken bi pt'ttaic persons or
associations.”

Ulltll‘l the guidance of Ilr‘. SuitesY
and Miss Anna Pierce. :1 plan was
set up to begin a building tiitrd
Itehtnd the endorsctitcni ot the local
press, prominent citi/.t-tts and
“rirouldcrs ol ptiblic opinion." the
('ll'i ot .-\tban'~. collected $393,000
for the residence hall dt’ixc.

kw Si it
“ .. = . 7‘

'11
Kg:

  

.._ A .w .rfl s‘ta' xx .
As a result, iir 1935 a residence
hall for 100 Women was opened on
Ontario Street and was named after
Miss Pierce who had been instru—
mental or l‘ulblltll the funds. In 1041
a similar hall was erected iii honor
of Dr. Saylcs. o house 134 irreir.

3 More Dorms

The 1950’s also marked a tre—
iiietrtloiis growth iii the iloi‘lliltoi“.
facilities. although this time it was
under the auspices of the State
Doriirrtori Authority. Br'rrbacher'
llall completed 111 19:31, Aldeir Hall,
111 1160. and Waterburt llall corri-
pletetl the Quadrangle in the latter
part of the satire year.

The .tcadctrrrc area of the campus
also t"-.llel'lt‘lii't‘il a bit more growth
with the addition of a Draper Annex
lit the late lirlii‘s, and thcconsit'ric-
of an annex on the \l’ashirrgton Aye—
niie side of liichar'dson Ilall in 1051}.

 

Brubacher Hall, constructed in the early l950’s, is shown here during its early construction. It was
the third of five dormotories to be constructed on the residence quadrangle.

 

