PAGE 2 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY, November 8. 1963

 

 

 

 

Gunman-5W

by Toni Master aid EdAWolner

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

Believing that anonymity can be the last refuge of a scoundrel (plus
three), we have decided to lift the veil from our identities, and otir
“honorable counterparts*" wish to follow suit (your vituperatlve corn-
ment on us last week was hardly worth the small effort). Although
this might very well be considered a stab in the back to both the News
Board and one of the campus’ longstanding traditions, we feel justified.
Common Stater has too often lapsed into pettiness or served asa
vehicle for personal revenge and flattery to be considered anything
other than an anachronism of irresponsible journalism. Ironically,
we feel less inhibited this way and would like to think that identifiable
criticism is in some ways a service to the school. Sorry, but We just
couldn’t continue composing acrostics with impunity.

A Stage-Eye View (she): Just how much longer must the freshmen
classes be subjected to D. Schultze’s little “human computer” game?
It’s painfully degrading. Granted ’67 is a high-calibre class -— but is
this the only way to keep their spirits up? The academic and extra-
curricular backgrounds are available in that little yellow pamphlet,
“Profile of a Class.” Why not just pass that out and substitute some
questions like: How many are fundamentalists...liberals...Jews...Catlio-
lics  Goldwaterites  virgins  integrationists  socialists  beat-
niks  extroverts  ititroverts  neo-Freudians  narcissus coiii—
plexes ...? Now then, freshmen could really look around for people
to identify with, and it would be a heck ofalot more stimulating.

A Balcony-Eye View (he): Polemics were kept to aminimum in they

w

 

 

Balin'l'

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
   

Box

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

swim

 

 

Greek arid Independent views last Friday, but the latter oratory was
obviously superior. Does one really have 50 or 60 brothers or sisters
behind him? Is the social atmosphere really on the same plane as
the intellectual? Does one join a Greek organization to meet more
people and to remain in school? It seems dubious. The first speech
stated the problem lucidly and succinctly: Joining a Greek society
is predominantly a consideration of social needs and personal values.

The State of the Image (she again): [from the looks of the ‘ 'eshmen
skit, the new class has already begun to assume that special i..fer'iority'
complex that seems endemic to a state school. lloweyer, ill the way of
reassurance, this last summer at Cornell proved to tiie that my educa—
tion here measures up and surpasses in riiany respects that of my
Ivy counterparts. The big thing missing here (besides Mary McCarthy’s
Group) is talk — both in the class and out. Talk — better hot than
stagnant air.

The State of the Image (he again): Laurel wreaths for oirr Chicago—
boiiiid, NCAA-type cross-country team. Such an opportunity was realized
only through the constant efforts of" Coach Munsey and the excellently
developed potential of each of the barriers. With the riieet being tele-
cast on Sunday Sports Spectacular, the Dorm and Greek TV tinits
should be put to maximal use.

Student Government Image (she once more): Who is losliigilrtel'esl
in Senate? Not only aren’t kids going, but the Senators have pretty
inticli given in too. Keep student government on its toes - go to Senate
Wednesday night.

Activities Day Image (he once more): Let’s make it abig success,
you new students! There are only ten hours left, and your chance of
observing the scope and variety of extra—curricular organizations and
of choosing among theui will be markedly less if you let Urubacher
lower lotruge go by unattended today or tomorrow.

Recommended Reading (us): Paul Goodman’s The Community of Scholars—
In the hearty old ariarchistic tradition Mr. Goodman (author of Growing
Up Absurd) inveighs against modern American universities, suggesting
a return to the informal medieval community of teachers and students.
An eye-opener“.

"I‘he secret’s out. sweeties. It’s us - Pat Ifasano and Skip Schreiber‘.

College Calendar

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 8
2:00—5:00 p.m. Activities Doy
7:00—9:00 p.m. Activities Day

 

 

 .. Lower Bru
.» Lower Bro

7100,9zl5 p.m. IFG: uAlexander Nevsky" ..... .. . . .  . . . D-349

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9
l0:00 a.m.—3:00 p.m. Activities Day, . . . . . ,.
2:00  . .,

 Lower Bru
, Unrversrty Field

2. State University NEWS

(SYAILISHID MAY IOIO
8V TN! CLASS OF IOII

Varsrty Soccer“... . . ..

 

   

 

WILLIAM H. COl CAN
Editor-rn-Chtel
JOSEPH W. GALU
Managing Editor

DAVID W. JENKS

Enecultve Editor

JUDI IH D, ME TCALF
Business Manager

RONALD W. HAMILTON
Sports Editor

JACQUELINE R. ADAMS
Assocrato Editor

EDITH S. HARDY

Assoctate Editor

JOANNE C. SODIK
Advertising Editot

KAREN E. KEEFER
AIIOCIGIO Editor

CARREN A. ORSINI

(. I'tulu'IDII'ElCllullgu Editor

SUSAN J. THOMSON

Technical Supervisor

Dealt Editor;   ., . .. , l’. Eugene Tobey, Claudia Colbert
Colurnnuis.-- -  .  ..Poul Jonson, Elizabeth Stroud, Earl G. Schroiber,
Joseph A, Corner, John Marlon, Gory Lucxalt, J. Roger Loo
.,..Rosomqry Munsour, Betty Wanor, Helen Panasoch, Diane
Hallocli, Franco: Bennett, Harold Lynne, Gary Murdock,

Gary Htrchhorg, Wllllum Smith, William Gray, Lynn

Kurth, Ellen long, Diane Johnson

Repertory”... ..,

Aurstant Technical Supervisor . ... .. . , . . . . . . . . . , . . , . . . . . . . . . . . , .. Judy Conger
 ....,.,.Douglas Uphurri, Dennis Church, Michael Peter Palmer,

Linlord C. White, Richard Letter
All communications should In addroued to the odrtor and must It. Iignod.
Nome: will be withheld on request. The State Univoutty New: mourn" no
I'lpoﬂllbtlt'y lor opinion: olprouod in its columns or communrcotlonu,¢u
Inch a-preuionu do not nocollory reflect its vlowo.

Photogr aphurl 

And please, Dear Lord, make this election a success. . .

Why Bother, Creek

If the Greek Prospectus given to the
freshmen last week is any indication of
fraternity-sorority accomplishment, the
freshmen would dowelltoremainindepen— Speculs in

Ignoring the obvious fact that the mimeo—
graphing was atrocious, forcinganyinter—
ested frosh to spend much time trying to
decipher purposes and principles, the
typing showed either a complete lack of
care or an extremely rushed job.

The Prospectus is essentially the first
introduction to the Greeks on campus that
the freshment receive. What they got last
Friday was a ten—page compilation of

A Real Student Government

That Albany State is a home for Puritan
paupers was again revealed in a report

of the SUNY. In the report it was shown
that the lowest student tax in the group IleCk ties.
is ours at $42.50. Others rates ran from
$50.00 to $90.00

Student Senate made an admirable ut—
tempt at providing for the necessary
student activities when they passed the
budgets ill the end of last year.

Nothing

Unfortunately, frugality provod to be
one of the ten commandments of our little
school and an informal, althoughabsolute,
vcto was imposed.

The work for eightwceksoi'48 senators,
many SA officers and secretaries, illlt'l
the head of virtually cvory student group
was declared, in effect, unfit for consider—
tition, ritill and void, and apparently uri—
constitutional.

iti order to

We believe in frankness .‘lS thcediior'irtl
page, on a weekly basis reveals. We four lion gives
that our friends in what is eupheniisti—

czilly cullcti the First Floor of Draper ilt‘litm

double—spaces and strike -ovc rs.

It is unfortunate that the, l‘rw :y
Committee saw fit to distribute 
its error—ridden for».
dent' it indicates that the Greeks tool-m
the patience nor the effort to 0w
prospective pledges with an tit't‘lrr 

even readable account of their 

It is also unfortunate because in.
spectus could possibly have been i '
benefit to the freshmen in mukir :
decisions. As
a spare—time game called 'l‘i'ncb
Missing Letters.

are less than frank.

Our student tax is minisculo t'ti'wi'
from the Confede“atedStudentGovernment do that of other colleges. The lli""i
is as out of (hub
The variance ludur-i v
with ll '1: t

its collection

charges for
courses as compared to most
is ludicrous at best.
was
student or in any group in the prcy
of the total budget.

()ur budgets us pusscd by Sch‘
a vast improvement in many yin
Wore more ample tllltl :ipprox’u
needs of student organizations.
up of the budget lines was tow
than in yours.

Despite these :ictuulifics, th
imaginary gruridiosily, were dry
l() lip"
of the Protestant ethic.

We would
imposed for l“t)l)l‘Ll:tl‘y. 'l‘ht- In“. *
powcr f

student tux, soon- we

 TIQNS _—:—~v

il tiflci'.

(li)llt'

it :rl

Student Sees Need for Administration Re-evalrrutn

To the Editor:

Not itr llll‘. fact thlli opinion, I
begin this .trtrtlt‘ b». statiny that
this in lll‘. [rt'l‘rtrliul opinion, and

Perhaps ilrtt\ now feel Ih.it this
is the time to become “much.”
lint gouty, along yyrth “rulrny', with
.ill iron hand." '.‘.lllt'lr I am not

that of a number of students on “Ilium”! I” I“ “(JIMMY “1"”? We
.

two lrllrt'l cr iiorin that lthiukshould
bt- included fit our “deriuntalic”
I m“ ,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,, H”. WW“, society —» cousisteric. and fairness
adrniuistrutiye decision to suspend l “Nil flit-50 IWU t‘rltcrta 
two Senior lllt‘ll fr'onrtlus University "“W “it"lWlW‘l, “I 3“ lt‘dhl flushed
for one year and (to date) the social “"" “'0 l‘i“ htﬁl'tllllfl- ) l ‘
,,,,,y,u.,,,,,,,j “WWW”, I Would think Ithrl there would
As I see it, the administration, be "‘ “‘“515'9'” Utility tollullow ~—
now that we are a University, is i“) l) ""iiifllilil, 3) Social probation
beginning to onioi H: a stricter poi— i5) -‘"‘-‘tl‘ﬁ“e“‘“~ 4) expulsion dc rend.
icy for misdemeanors ascornparcd “‘5 "1 "“U‘W "It lltt‘ I ‘1‘ -
to the past policy, rd the. trirsdenrearror. I

this carripus.

Sui ltrllb'lltth'b

,lttllrlilvl ill .
atlllrllrl‘di .npn. ..,
still ..
hllii i‘ llll'

lollow no [v.riltrl u Hurt

l .

lt‘lflilt l.rr
.nlririrrislr,rir.i-

all print-

a try'lut-iub,

It) theadrrrrtilslrntrohrho.
liilt't"l ii
ctillllrlliit-c ..

rllr “dildo
Evaluation t ormnrilcc.“

Mary Margaret ch ‘

 

 

RI:
‘il':
3%.?

i

,.

 

Campus Chest to Begin With Sing;
Activities to Continue All Next Week

Campus Chest 1963 will begin its annual charity
drive with a Hootenany in Page Hall, this Sunday,
November 10, and will end its campaign with a College
Bowl in Brubacher Main Dining Room the following

Sunday.
Backed by the theme,

 

Dr. John Overbeck

Overbeck To Talk

On Summer Trip

Dr. John ()y'erbt-ck wrll address
the faculty and students of the De—
par'turtrut of Ancient Languages and
Literature on Noyembei 13, at 8
p.m.. in llru Lower Lounge.

I>r. ()yerbeck, who joined the
department in September, will rally
about his archeologicul experiences
this past summer on the Greek is-
land of ('eos‘. Under the sponsorship
of the University of Cincinnati, the
excavation party sought to establish
a clll'turtiltrg', for the Bron/.9 Age
ill the Cyclades.

Dr. O\crbeck maintains that the
last good escai'atioiis on Ceos \vere
made about seventy years ago. Dur-
ing his two months in that Aegear
Sea area, he and his party dis-
covered rhe remains of a Bron/.6
Age town, as well as the remains of
what is believed to be an early
Greek cemetery.

Dr. Uyer'beck’s speech Will be
accompanied by slides. He Will be
introduced by Dr. Mary Goggin,
chari'riiari of the Department. I-ol—
lowing the talk, there yyill be a
social hour.

Reserved Book
Service Continues

Mr. Manuel Lope/., Assistant
Librarian, announces the continua-
tion of the serum: bciyun last year
Ior students who use icser'ye books
ill the Uriryeisiiy Library.

'l'hrs seryit c, co—spousorwlby the,
to—op and the L'ruversiiy Library.
:rticrrrpts to indicate urirt pr‘oyide
paper bound editions of books which
haye, been placed on resei'm by
the faculty.

l'hose titles currently a\.rrl.rble
III the ('o—op will be so llrtilt'dlmi
on the mastei lists posted in the
t'o—op and the Uiriycr'sriy Library.
hll‘s. l’t’illl lthIt‘t'ly (ll lilt’ ('ir—trp,
who helped to make this soryice
possible, “ill be available to giye
individual assistuine ltr students.

 

“Lend a Hand,” Chinese
auctions, booster sales,
residence hall and sorority
and fraternity house solici—
tations, and a dance will
be the main highlights.

Campus Chest is headed
by Janie Giisher‘ti ’05 and Doug
Lippert, ’05.

Committee chairrrieu include
Solicitations — llar‘bara Allisoii’05,
Doug Peterson ’05; Publicity -—
Marian Kintisch ’00. Dave llratt’05;

Chinese auction — Pat l’asauo ’05,
Bill Laundry ’00; Dance -—l)a\'e
Symmgton '04; llootenatiy -— Judy
Vollers ’00; Hoosiers -— Carol

Rosenberg ’05; Dave Scheuck ’00;
( ollege Bowl — .‘ylai'gi Murray ’05,
lltll ltobelee ’04; Faculty Connec—
tions — Loretta Gusherti ’05. (‘arl
('usato ’00.

Goal to Help Three Group

This year’s goal for the charity
drive is $3.000. 'I'he tiioney will
be distributed to three organi/a—
tions. 1) World University Service,
which is all international student
relief organization, provides edit—
cational facilities. student health,
food and lodging, and individual
anti emergency aid.

2) The National Scholarship Ser—
vice and I’und for Negro Students
which was established to provide
equal eduratroiial opportunities for
qualified Negro students in irrter—
racial colleges in this country.

3) The. Albaii. (‘ominumty Chest
which provides aid and support for
various charitable institutions in
the Capital District area.

Busy Schedule
The schedule of moms for Cam—
pus Chest 10015 is as follows.
.\londay—l"riday:
lloostei' sales will begin in the
residence halls, group litrllSPs, :md
sorority and fraternity houses.
t'orirrnuter's will livabletocotitributc
outside Draper I‘ll).
Sunday , Ntnerriltt'r' 10:
World Utiiyer sity speaker and
llootermiiy 111 Page llull, 3—5 p.m.
Chinese Aiictiori ilr Student Union,
5:30 p.rn.
Monday Wednesday, ’I'hirrsduy, arid
l-riday ll a.m.—-l p.m.:
thirrest- auction lll llusted ("ale-
ier in.
Monday .
0:30 p.m.:
Chinese auction llI Student Union
Saturday—-tl:30——midniglu:
tarrrpus Chest Dance llI Walden.
Lure pcr missions may bepuichased
ill the dorms. Joint 'l'yo’s "(’aiirpus
Ltillill's" will pioyide the music and
lt‘llt‘h’lrllrt‘lllh Will be St-‘l \etl.
Siiihfay—-If—5 p.m.:
Greek tollege bowl in Iti'irbzrclrei
.\lurn Iuirrrw litrtrlll
Support CC Week
Let’s i’t‘l out .md sllpptili t'aiiipus
t hest littiit. " Lend a Hand,” and help
spread brotherhood.

Wednesday, 'l'hiirsday —

 

Douglas Lippert and Jane Gusberti, co-chairmon of Campus
Chest, ask the student body to Lend a Hand in the following

week.

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY.

   

A slightly insane Activities Day Com
Bill Bate and Carol Vito are fencing.
net and Pep Pizzillo are passing tennis
ina because the committee has crolted up.

Three Day Long Activities Program
Underway in Bru Over Weekend

Starting yesterday, and continuing
through today and tomorrow. the
annual Activities Days are being
held in lirubacher Lower Lounge.

Co—chairrnen Nancy llaumaini and
Edward Woliier, Juniors, have pro—
y'itied a majority of the campus
extra—curricular groups with indi—
vidual tables and booths where they
Will have information available for
interested students.

Students may visit these booths
from 2 to 5 p.m. and from 7 to 9
p.m. today, arid from 10 a.rii. to
'i p.m. toriiorroyy'.

Sign Up to Join

Each organization will inforiu stu—
dents of its aims and purposes, its
major activities and projects, and
its requirements for iiieriibership.
’I‘he organizations Will also have
representatives present to answer
indiyidual questions.

Students are encouraged to visit
the booths to see what the Urii\er'-
5113' offers for spare-time pleasure

Debaters Journey

To Dartmouth

Willi expectations of success, Al-
iarr‘. began a year of heavy debating
by sending two learns to a novice
tournament iii Dartmouth College.
l'ht- learn debated the iraiion.rl ltijrlt'i
the federal gowrmrieut should
y’llilldliltlt‘ an opportunity for higher
education to all qiialiliedhigh school
graduates.

Lou Strong ’07 and .lusl'fschei
’t 7. took the affii llI.rll\(' stand; Gail
l‘llllly ’07, and Sue I-jriiboisky ’b’f,
delciided thc IlL’l',dll\t‘. 'l‘he titrbaler’s
\ybre .lll'lrllIJILllllt’Il by Mr'. Richard
Will-.ic,

The next contests of this sea-
son \yill be held this yycekt-rid.'l‘tuiay
u lttllllllllltt‘lll Lli lt.l’,I, yyill mark
the beginning of a series of debates,

     

and profit. They may also at this

time indicate an interest in join-
ing an organization by signing up
at the appropriate booth.

Dance Added

A new feature of Activities Days
this year is a dance which Will
be field tonight from 8 to 12 p.m.
iii Ilrubacher Main Dining Room.
The dance was organized by Carol
\‘litr ’05.

Publicin for the Days has been
handled by Karen lsock ’00, who
made posters, and Susan I"alken-
bach ’05. who submitted articles
lit the S. U. News. She was aided
'l_\ Vera Korninowski ’00, ty‘pist.

’I‘he coinmrttee also includes

November 8. 1963 PAGE 3

l M.

mittee demonstrating all the insane things people do on this campus
Vera Kominowsky and Sue Falkenbach are modern dancers. Ed Wol
bull. Harry Gardner is the ace reporter. Nancy Bauman is despair

  

 

  

Joseph Pizzillo and William Bate,
Sophomores, and Ilarry Gardner

05. It extends its thanks to Doris
Young and Janet Shuba,Sophomores,
and Eileen Sclileff and Charlotte
liedstone. f’rcsluiicii.

Organizations Omitted
Due to limitations of space, the
S. U. News was unable to print the
last of the Activities Day's series.
Those organizations which would
have been covered are Les Iri-
iiovateurs. Modern Dance Group,

Phi Beta Lambda, Circle K, Stu-
dent Peace Group, and University
Couunuters Organization.

Campus Christian Council to Present

Symposium on Sex

The first program lit the Campus
Christian Council’s Symposium on
“Sex and Modern Man” will he
held Sunday, Noyember 10 at 7:130
p.m. 1n lirubacher Hall. The topic
hii discussion will be “What is the
Significance of Sex for Modern
Mari?” oi" “Is Sex Necessary?”

This symposium is conceiyod in
i-ptognirion of the rapidly changiru‘.
moral standards and ht'xlilll prac-
tices yvrthiu our modern society,

its purpose. is to more. clearly
deter mine fhepr'oldernsthat yye must
face lll this new or a of sexual fret--
dour. with its Uki‘l'~j!,l't1\\'llrl' “cult
of sexuality."

l‘he first discussion wrll deal
with such topics as the significance
or sex over the passing centuries,
the ride of sea. in man’s search
for identity in this increasingly
rut-«harrith world, the use of St‘).
as an escape from reality, and the
theologrt al, ps.choloi(ical, andplul-
osophrcal \ieyypoirrls regarding the
nature of sex.

World Brotherhood Spirit Needed

“So long as we love, we serve.”

It. I.. Stevenson

There is no need so real and urgent as the need
for brotherhood in a world rife with injustice and
callous inhumanity. I am speaking of a spirit that
transcends the friendly ties which sometimes exist
between friends, neighbors, or members of a com-
munity. I am speaking of it brotherl‘iood which reaches
into a crowded tenement or alloy and guides u mind

to Imowledgc and which

(3Xlttlltl5 llCI‘OSS ll SB'LI l1)

-hclp loosen the shackles of ignorance. This kind of
brotherhood can save at man from the darkness of
frustration which threatens to crush him.

Campus ("host 1963

and Modern Man

Panel members Will be the Itever—
end Patil Mills. Chaplain, Albany
Medical Center. and Dr. William
Loire. Philosophy Department,
SUNYA, wrll chair the discussion
following the panel presentation.

The meeting is open to all Stu-
dents arrd faculty of the University,
all of whom are cordially invited
to attend.

India Sponsors
Essay Competition

An essay competition for Anteri-
can collegt students is beingorgan—
med as a part of the cultural program
of the Government of lndia. The
contest is being Spirilsul'etilt)sillrru-
late American interest in Indian
culture and t'lyllllulllilt.

The essays. preferably typed,
should reach the Education Depart-
ment, l-Jrubassy of India. 11107 Mas—
sat husetts Avenue N.W,, Washington
a, ILC. by January l5, 1904.

the competition is open to stu—
dents betyveeri the ages of Its — 3-1
as of January l, 1004. I'Inti'aiits
are asked to write an essay of
between 2.000 and 3,500 words on
the topic of "lteligioii, Secularism,
and lteinocrac. lit Modern India."

Guide Publication
Requires Workers

The Student Course Guide Wlll be
issued again this year it enough
people are found to work on it.
People are needed to ser‘ye as
editors. editorial assistants, and
typists.

All those interested in deyoting
a small portion of their time to this
project are requested to attend a
meeting at lit'ubacher Hall on Wed—
nesday, November 13, at 7:30 p.m.

 

 

