r- . 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY, MAY 10. 1963

PAGES STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY. MAY 10. 1963 PAGE '7

Ghandi film Falls Short ill Mark

 

 

Advanced Dramatics Plays Characterized By

Campus Current

by Pat Jewell

Once again summer weather is here, as we find
dorm field converted from Rockefeller Center to Jones
Beach. (Surely no more versatile a field exists!) The
warm sun and green grass createsacertain atmosphere
of which we are aware when we first wake up early in
the morning. Often one or two scattered blankets are
already spread out on dorm field with bathing suited
figures reclining on them. Then, as the day goes on
and the sun gets higher and hotter, the noise below
the windows steadily increases from a low buzz until
it sounds like a playground - laughter and music
and the smack of volleyballs. Looking down you see
the entire field filled with sun worshippers givingburnt
offerings up to its light. Such an alluring sight makes
one more tempted than ever to go out and join it; so,
to salve your conscience, you pick up a book or two,
and a pen — to bring along with your blanket, fricasee
oil, pillow, and sunglasses - put a trench coat on over
your bathing suit, and descend to the grassy turf below.

Here spring breezes cool you at intervals as you lie
in the hot sun, your skin shimmering with oil; somehow
it is much easier just to lie with closed eyes than to
read. (Oh well, you didn’t really plan to get that book
read this weekend, did you? Besides, it’s much more
pleasant to think of how good you’ll look with a tan.)

At last all at once you notice a tinge of pink on your
skin — and that is the time to leave, as you may have
learned by experience. Sure enough, as the afternoon
wanes, group by group the crowd slowly drifts away,
picking up blankets and other supplies. We see the
sunbathers straggling into the dorm, happy with their
freshly reddened skin, and heading for the showers to
wash off the oil before they dress for dinner.

It is when we see so many sunburned faces in the
dining room that we have sure proof that summer is
really here at last!

“Good Productions...Fine Performances”

by Paul Jensen

it seems to be an unwritten law
that the plays selected by the stu-
dents of the .\dvanced Dramatics
class musteitherbe by nonentities.
or written duringtheearly, forma-
tive years of a presently estab—
lished author. in other words —
poor plays.

This rule was shattered last
week. Not only were the plays
well—written and actually inter—
esting, they boasted rather good
productions and several fine per-
formances.

Irish Ploy First

The first play was The Rising of
the Moon, by Lady Gregory. Set
during the irish Rebellion, it con-
cerns a fugitive who manages to
mislead. and "outwit", a Sergeant
sent to capture him.

Jan Dyckman, as the hunted
man, presented his character with
a degree of case that belied the
difficulty of his lrish songs and
accent.

The other cast members (Don
Costello, Robert Peterson, and
Charlie Powers) seemed stilted.
postured and stiff, which detracted
from this human and humorous
play. Frank Ryerson directed.

Chekhov's A Marriage Proposal,
was given a breakneck pace by
Brenda Smith. However, most of
the credit for the hilarious result
should go to the actors.

With his long hair waving in the
breeze, Jon Rardon—the proposer
—finaiiy found his niche at State:
George Norton, the, father, was
equally as good, and ditto for
Valarie (lolom, as the proposee.

.\ few times it got out of hand
and threatened to take off into
Jerry Lends—land, but the rest
of the time the play was good.

Busy Schedule lakes Statosmon Talent Travelling
lo Festival In Vermont, tooleskili, & Area Concerts

thr-mselvos. They will sing "The
Lord is My Shepherd" by Nelson
and “Holy, Holy. Holy" by Schu-
bert. The men will loin the other

Within the next few weeks, the
Statesmen will entertain at four
special events. They will travel
to Burlington, Vermont and Coble‘

 

skill, and then will perform twice
in .\ibany.

This noon they will leave for
Burlington, Vermont where, they
will sing with eleven other col-
leges and universities in the 13th
.\nnual intercollegiate Choral Fes-
tival. The festival is sponsored
by Trinity (‘ollege in Burlington.

The \‘tatesmen are particularly
pleased in haying been one of the.
few groups asked to appear by

THE PICTURES BEHIND THE FRONT PAGE

choral groups to form the Festival
('horus, some 250 voices, in sing-
ing r-xr'i-rpts from Rizot's “('ar»
men" and “The Peaceful King-
dom" bv Randolph ’l'hompson.

Busy Schedule

Karl \, ii, Peterson, director
of the itali'smcn, has been given
the honor of directing the com—
lili‘li‘ii men‘s group in a perform»
zince of livoi'rik's “The Maiden in
the \iood,” \ii-hoiiis~ \rgyros .ind
('.iiviii l'V‘nlon will play the loiir~

 

The directors of Red Eye of Love take a brief respite from the
rigorous rehearsal schedule to talk over some improvements that

will have to be made.

hand piano accompanirricnt forlhis
number.

(in May '23 the men will give an
cycning concert at the (‘obli-skill
High School \iiditoriurn Thispro—
gram is being sponsored by the
.\‘iati- l'niyersitv \gricultural and
Technical Institute. The \‘tates—
men will be guests at rllnilt'i' prior
to singing the program.

Saturday, May ‘37, will see them
in lhl‘ll' new bl.i7.i-rs :is :i feature
of our own Faculty dinner. (in
\unilziv morning they will partic1~
pair ill f'.ii'cci‘ llav .il the Mount
Calvary baptist i'hurch

 

broad farce.

Soroyon Tops

Dramatic was the word for Hello
Out Than. William Saroyan’spiay
was the best production of the
evening. Highlights were an im-
aginative setting (light bulb, cot,
window and lighting), and an im—
pressive performance by Nathan
Puckett as the gambler without
luck (not a bum).

John Harwick as the irate hus—
band was fine, while J0 West, as
Katie. did not detract though she
contributed little.

Though he occasionally slipped
into the all too familiar Kowalski/
Brando mannerisms, Puckett‘ s
was the outstanding .\D perform-
ance this year.

Much praise goes to Myra Le—
vine. director, but censure also,
for the ludicrous and overdone ap-

pearance of Faye .\‘adier. whichievenlng'S entertainment.

nearly ruined the effectiveness of
the play. Otherwise, a fine job.

The final play, Robert Greene's
Eliza and the Lexicon, is an odd
combination of childish innocence
and The Unknown. Lillian Schmitt
gave an excellent interpretation
of the child, Eiixa, through both
dialog and bits of action.

Mary Setter and Dennis Tuttle
were competent as a gypsy girl
and Eliza's dumb brother. Con—
stance Ameiio’s direction was
good, but the entire production
seemed a bit too dramatic and
heavy for the delicate and difficult
material.

Using this year’s previous .\D
plays as precedent, this set was
surprisingly good. There were no
really bad productions, and the
middle two will probably be placed,
with The Lone» and The ﬂoor on
my list of .\D Rests. .\ good
indeed.

SINA Demands Dressing Rooms
For College Laboratory Animals

Note: the following is ro-prlntod from
the Indlonno In“, lndlana Stan College,
April l, 7963.

Dr. A. I. Hamberger, director
of the science department at [SC
has recently announced the addi-
tion of a chapter of Si.\'.\ to the
campus activities.

The Society for indecency to
.\‘aked Animals which is currently
the fad with President Kennedy in
Washington has ‘made a mass
movement westward.

“The college biology depart-
ments are those hardest hit," Dr.
Hamberger stated.

“it involves quite a bit now to
accomplish an experiment. The
laboratories must be equippedwith
separate dressing rooms for ani-
mals ofdifferent sexes," Dr. Ham-
burger added.

it was revealed that aithoughthe
animals themselves don’t mind
wearing clothes, it does present
a problem to the students.

One student recently said, “lie—
fore it didn’t seem to matter but
now i tend to be embarrassed. i
guess it’s just the idea of skirts
or pants — which one to pick,

it is not yet known how long
this Society for indecency to Naked
\nimals or SINK will operate.
However, the Home economicsile-
partmcnt is currentlyWorkingwdh
lllt‘ science department in provid—
ing fashionable tugs for the new
campus collegiiins.

it this persists, courses
Will be a probable iicyelopiiii-nl,
l'.inine ('reiilions .ind/or Feline

ill ‘ W

Fashions.

“With this changing world one
doesn't know what to expect. Maybe
Darwin's theory was correct," i)r.
Humberge r concluded.

 

Pre- registration

Schedule

1—l'ndergradutes planning to at—
tend summer school inust pre—
reg'istci' now.

3—.\il students completing degrees
in :llllli‘ or .\ugusl, or students
not planning on returning, should
complete a \\‘| ’l‘ H l) R ,\ W .\ i.
i-‘iiRM (before taking final ex—
ams) from the Student Personnel
office, ll—l ll).

.\‘ophs ‘05

(i—i, May 10, Friday, il—lltiiil

.\—l" i—Il:.’lil

l" ros‘h '66, '(ST

T~'/. May 13, Monday, 9—] 1:30
lt—~.\' i—thilll
.\l—f) May 1-1, 'l'iicsiiziy, il—l1:Illl
li~l. l-Tizflil
i-I—(i May 15, \\ciincsd;iy, {biltflll
(‘—~l) l~Iijfill

\—l’> \l.l\' lli, lhiii'silny, TlAllziill
iicgisiralion iIIl' lhosi- lllltlllll' lo
Ilii so 1-.ii‘licl’:

.\liy ii’1.'l'hiirsd.iy, i 1%:le

.\l.iv i7, li'i‘iilay, it ilzilti

] Ii:§lll

Turn in ii] pickets by Friday.
May 17 in llritli-i,

 

Mr. Kral holds the University
plaque he has presented to Pres.
Collins. This hand-mode seal

will be placed on the lecturn in

Page Hall.

 

Dr. Deeringer, Dean of Academic Affairs, looks on as Circle K
president, Frank Jahelka ’66, accepts the gavel at a recent ban-

quet. Circle K is a newly formed service group at State.

 

fiEr's TALK GREEK l

by John Shipherd and Joe Cambridge

No, don’t grab your volume of Homer’s collected
works, or scamper about for a copy of Aristotle’s
Poetics, we’re talking about the Greeks on this campus
and about the Greeks on college campuses throughout
the country. We’re talking about the Greeks of today
and the Greeks of tomorrow.

During the past year, the fraternity system on this
campus has been called to account. Various group: ,
and individuals as well, have asked many questior;
concerning our fraternity system. “What is “on.
“Where is it?”, and most important of all, “Why is

it‘?”. Under the sponsorship of the inter—fraternity
Council, we call upon all Greeks to answer these

questions for themselves, for the administration, and
for the student body as a whole.

A Voice for the Greeks

We feel that fraternity members should have a voice
through which they can promote their ideas and ideals,
and we hope that this column will become the voice of
the Greeks on this campus. it is very easy for individ—
uals or groups of individuals to criticize any fraternity
or fraternity system, and even though a certain amount
of constructive criticism is both necessary and benc—
ficial, a one-sided approach isvcry rarely an intelligent
or ‘ational approach.

Just what are the aims and goals of the fraternity
system? How have these objectives been reached in
the past? How will they be met in the future? ThGSe
are questions which every interested (ircek should
ponder. Thesc ii re questions which every prospective
('ireck should ask. 'l‘hesc are the questions that this
column will consider and attempt to answer.

it would be virtually impossible to adequz‘itelyanswer
these questions in a single issue or even in a short
series of articles. Therefore, we shall try to treat
various aspects of the. fraternity system, and we hope
our readers will gain a new appreciation and a deeper
insight into fraternity systems as a whole.

Dr. Shaffer Discusses Aims

in a booklet entitled “What Research Tells Us About
Fraternity Life,” published by the National lnterfra—
ternity Council, (19:38 annual meeting), there appears
a paper submitted by ilr. Robert Shaffer, Dean of Men
at the University of indiana, which discusses some of
the general aims of fraternities, andthcir contributions
to the college community as a whole.

“The fraternity gives the individual a background
upon which to draw in evaluating and choosing con—
genial social groups in early adulthood.

"This is a task for which dirch education is probably
of little value, but it can be made easier and achicwi—
ment can be improved if lllt' institutions of the com—
munity, such as churches, and fraternal organizations
are alert to this need of young adults and attci‘npt to
provide a number and variety of social groups to suit
various tastes and tcmpcramenis.”’ (p. 82, iiavig-
htli‘st’s Developmental Tasks and Education).

In addition, Dr. Shaffer comments:

“Although the fraiernity’s contribution to an individ—
lliil’s Vocational preparation is indirect, this contribution
is in the very important socialzirca. .\biiily to cope with
lllt‘ social context of an occupation contributes as much
to vocational success as technical ability.

('zii'i‘oll Hhiii'lie has pointed out that social condilions
are a part of occupational information and, therefore.
"Willi lobe a part of the occilpnlioinil preparation. The
lriitornily is :i iiniqiii- institution ingiyingllic young inzin
background information and ilIlV‘lU-llily cxpci‘icncc in
prcpiiring‘ for his vocational and professional life."

in the next few Weeks, we shall examine these snitc—
‘hly, in the hope of presenting in

nicnls more thoroiig
H'rcater detail the full sils‘lllfli'mw‘ "i. “'V Timmy,“
views.

 
 

CAMP COUNSELOR- OPENINGS.  9'"
UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS
(Mnogo l9 ExamploI-on ulull'ull I nor olroll‘g.)
GRADUATE STUDENTS and FACULTY MEMBERS
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS

. . . compriunq 350 outstanding Boyl. Girlu. BrothorSiutor
Ind Co-Ed Clmpl, located throughout the Now England. Mid-
dle Atlantic sum Ind Can-dc.
...lNVlTES YOUR lNQUIHIES concerning summer employment on ﬂood
Counulorm Group London. Spodulllou. General Counulorl.
Write, Phone, or (‘all in Person
Association of Private Comps —— Dept. C
Monro-ll M Alolondcr, fuculivo Director

55 Witt 42nd Strut, OX 5-7656, New York 36, N. Y. 

   

Nevertheless. Provides Entertainment

by Poul Jensen

Nine Hours to Rama intends to be
a suspense film about Mahatma
(ihandi. While the movie. does not
really succeed in making this un—
likely combination work, it never-
theless is an entertaining though
unimportant presentation.

The main difficulty with the film
is its uncertainty: it isunsure what
its message is. or even if it has
one at all.

Most of thcpicture's two-hours-
plus running time is given to the
story of (ihandi's young assassin.
Though this part is strictly sus-
pense film material, it is obvious
that (ihandi shall die.

Mon aid Idea:

The scenes of the indian leader,
however, do a creditable job of
presenting this man and his ideas.
This is capped by a concluding.
post-assassination sequence in
which an accented, off-screen
voice speculates philosophically
about (thumb and the results of
his death.

\s a result. the film is pulled
in two opposite directions—toward
liric .\mbicr and Blake Edwards
.it one extreme and .\bby Mann
and Stanley Kramer at the other.

it might have been possible for
this two—way stretch to produce a
tension of sorts, but instead the
already weak connection between
the two is snapped.

\\hile the movie‘s intentions are
not clear. much of what it ac-
complishes is.

Portroyai of Radical
The fictional story of .\‘athuram
(iodse, the assassin, is meant to
present a portrait of a young radi-
cal. llui Natu seems less like
such an idealist than just a bitter
.liiil anng youth at te m pt in g to

avenge his family's death.

Indeed, there is at one point the
strong suggestion that heonly car—
ried his plan through because an
'ndian suffragetti- refused to leave
her husband to go away with him.
\nd, of course, when (ihandi, with
his dying breath, forgives .\Jatu, the
killer i'c.iii7.es his error, falls to

the ground and kisses the dead
man's feet.

Furor in Natural

Horst Buccholz valiantly tries
to do something with this poorly
developed character, but very little
can be done. On the other hand,
Das, the Superintendent of Police,
is a believable person. Well
played by Jose Ferrer, he looks
completely natural. not only to
the environment but to the story-
line.

The portrayal of (ihandi by JR.
Cassyhap is extremely effective.
Physically and emotionally, this
small role is the most impres—
sive one in the film.

\\hiie the plot is potentially l3—
meiodrama, the. many on-location
scenes of teeming lndian streets
and villages, the scenes with Cas—
syhap (and some of Ferrer's).
and some occasionally beautiful
photography, particularly offihan-
di's face and hands, raise it to a
higher level. For these things
alone, the film is worth viewing.

iliii this does not vindicate the
uncertain script (by Nelson (lid—
ding) and unimaginative direction
(Mark Robson) that highlight the
film. it is as if Gone With the Wind
has been set in 'l‘ennessee \\'il—
liiims‘ South.

Weinstein Play

To Close Season

(‘losing out an active dramatic
Season, the State I'niversity the—
ater will present .\rnold Wein—
stcin's “Red iiiye of Love.“ James
i.i-onard of the" theater’s director—
ial staff will direct theproduction.

.\ll the fun of the play is di-
rected toward taking healthy pokes
at a host of social mores. leveling
its trenchant satire primarily at
love and big business — \merican
style,

The play produced by the llra-
mutics and .\rts Council will be
p reSented Friday and Saturday
evening May 17th and 18th. The
curtain will go up on Page Hall at
“:30 pm.

Tickets are bcir'ig sold at the
'l'hi-ati-r ticket office, R. ’3R9, from
i to .'i p.m.

Senate Defeats Peace Group Budget,
Passes limited Budget for Recreation

by Gene Tobey

ill Ihi» ‘4\\lil‘._" of
.I,~I)i\\'1I)ll.llt‘ ill' of

\i‘imli' 1~ ’»ii'l~'.
lint}, lln-
I‘iliill'ili'V give way fist
i.l'_‘_l|l lo
pcrs, personil comments,
li'lllllli'lllll'll lii‘liIlL‘,,

Right oi! !ln~ bit, Finiuiw
lllllll'l‘ (T'Ill

wit'l'll“
‘\\4‘illll‘,\ll.l\' l‘ilw‘il li'lll‘

and ii-

I'lllli‘
li'tll]! it‘ll | illill‘liv

pililioii for l ‘xlli'tltl'i ii ibis

llll'h' llliill I 'i"‘,lll‘l'illll
Von Dutch Chosen
l I‘m-«ll ‘-\i'-
\l lli‘». \\ ii.

I illliii iil’l i'I‘ilii

\i'll‘lil' l ‘X iil' >l\"l1i
iiilllllrlliii Ar» Ill
lliill'il, i'li. ..i'l,!
lllIl nou l': 'wssoi‘ lili"'ll'i‘~ Iii
I'iiglisli i" -l‘iil."i i,

\\liiic oil “l‘llilili'~ 'wi' 'l.--
llilll'l‘s‘sliiii  wild bv \iillilln i, .iIv
ill lllt‘ ~~iii il‘.|'l .illll llt'l ﬂ. lli lim
llll‘fi‘ulHi', li' iii.iliil'll\' .lLil'l‘Vll ilii'
bringing l ll.ll- iii \iii lioi'wn’»
~.i.iliii'i- '.\iiillil g‘ii- lin'l'onvoi i‘ion
illl‘i‘tlr'll "~lioi in the .ii'ii.

student l'l‘i-‘l‘ (iro’ipk budget
was nai’i‘o'wlt ill‘il‘ill‘ll, (inc
liil‘ .ti'i'iisi'il llli‘ gl‘utlIl iil "it'll--
wing pi'opigiuiii/ing.” \iiiillii‘i‘
objected ii. the subsidizing oi pii'»
lisiin poiiIii-il \ll"\\>

'l'lli‘h‘t' \tci‘c t'llllllll‘l‘l‘ll
by iit‘i'il>.iiiiill.~i oi “narrow-
ininiledni-ss" .ind “llliberaincss.”
‘w’cnaic lr‘l tin-m go .iiioihci' \'l‘.il'

without ilillil‘,

\I‘lTJ’

.ill iI'l\'~i

RL'LtL'ullOn Budget
Hui Ilw ' l!iill"l'(iil.\illili‘l' ol

iiid one—hall lioiii‘ session
ltiii-l‘i-.iliiil1'~

llli' into
wis Department of
i'i-qiii-sl for ftiiiilliilj,
\ii-rliii ll illi iw iv ‘.\ i\
'llillli‘

ii’lii'll
pi'wscni lo .iiisuI-i iliiiwiions
ili'llil7l"l biiilgi-l,

\lll'l'l‘A‘l)illilllillioi'llllli1l|l|"
bid, llll- builch waslin.illyp.issi-il,

Ir.- iiii-ili:iic1y.
it Hi" ("iiiiitiillli-i' proposed .1 ll.ll*
lioi, 'o restrict the lllllll liin- ip

‘17 MM"

li]l‘llllll'l‘\' til i")-

p r w]ii'1.i i ion of {I’m-ill

||i‘l| llllllll‘lll, i‘I'|JiJi's, illil --‘:|i
gil:i‘~.'
llll‘ lilHllilll llllill‘. iiii'lilv-l 'i‘.
w. ill ir-strii-is llll' ill‘lllllilil l."
ll‘ll'lli‘l‘ iiiil\' lllil~~i‘ l|<li'il -li ll.
li'li.’i'l ind Ill such iniiubi-i» ii. 'i»
to l iii-billing those ﬁlllliillli‘il ii.
"‘ Widget, \illllllt'lrll [Jill'l‘lll~"‘
llril‘l bur siibiiiillwlbi innini-cl'oii.
liiilli-ia

ll. less lll'lll“l ii‘llon, llll‘ iloin~
I’ligg '01 i\
lilil l\'ll

lloilglds
Fraternities

Lilioii iii
\ldilsli‘t‘ iil
/’ illli ill '00 .is second Rennie sec»

il'l il'\ were ('illllil'lllt'll.

Election

lll llll‘ t'liitii‘il >i‘*~iiili N‘lllli‘
nominated .iiltl i-lccli-il l1\'i‘ Incin-
bi-rs to the llt‘\\ lyi-nl'ii‘gi-d \thictii-
\ll\ isory Hoard

lillt‘ pctilill' l’ll‘i'ii‘il ‘.\’v‘i'i' Joseph
t'iiiibi’idge ‘iii, \iiiy imiis 'il‘i,
i‘ i'i'iil Fitzgerald 'ii'"), \iilhuint'oi-
gin '67:, and \iii-iriu-I liin’i‘l‘iliilili
‘iie

NOTICES

Jontor Clo"

Pat Pezzulo, vice president of
the Junior Class. announces that
tickets for the Junior Class Ban-
quet are now on sale in the peri-
styies. The banquet. a Smorgas-
bord, will be held at Herbert's on
Sunday, May 19 at l p.m.

Members of the Junior Class are
requested to return their senior
pictures to room 1 in Brubacher
during the week of May 13. Cap
and gown pictures may not beused
in the yearbook. Anyone wishing
rctakes may make rearrangements
at this time. if there are anyprob-
lems. please contact Corky Pet-
rick, editor.

Lu lnnovateurs

Les innovatcurs will hold a
meeting on May 16 in Brubacher
from 7:00 to 8:30 p.m. The pur-
pose of this meeting will be to
elect new officers. Refreshments
will be served.

The Second .\nnual Closing Ran-
quet will be held at the Petit Paris
Restaurant on Tuesday, May 21.
French cuisine will be serveil.. At
this time, the new office will be
installed. .\ guest speaker will be
featured.

.\ll those who are interested in
French are urged to attend. Tick-
ets will be sold in the peristyies
from 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 pm. on
May 15, 16 and 17. They will be
$3.50 each.

Charming Club

(‘hanning Club is having its an—
nual Spring Picnic, Sunday, May
19, at the home of Dr. Joseph R.
Sanders. 538 Dawson Road, Del-
mar. .lll who are interested in
attending should sign the list on
the Charming Club bulletin board
or contact Trudie Steckal by May
15th. HO 3—9438.

Financial Notice

The Troy Business and Profes—
sional \Komen‘s (‘iub will award
3125 to a girl or woman who re—
sides in llli' Troy area. including
\\';iter\'liei and rural reas around
Troy.

The applicant should bceni‘olled
for the purpose of completing a
degree program or taking special
courses to advance her positions.

The 'I my Club is particularly
lillt‘l‘t'SlI'll in aiding the woman who
is returning to the labor market,
or who is desirous of changingher
career to :i more satisfactory field
for her abilities, The applicant
should be doing satisfactory work,
bill need not lli' .it [he lop of lht‘
class.

The club is more interested in
the seriousness of purpose in tak-
ing the «ours:- or courses and in
her ni-i-il for financial assistance
in covering thi- cosi ol the cour—
Scs.

\pplicitious irc now t\'tll.ll|lv‘
ill the l“lliiili‘l.tl \iii Olin-e .ind
should llt‘ ‘it‘lll in no Liter than
May 1:3, lint".

Seniors
bin" it my ol the l':.’
seniors not plinning lo .lllt‘llll Min 7
ing—l'p—iliy would liki-toilli-ndthe
function, they may stilloi'dcracap
illll gown by cont ii-iing llii‘k Kelly
llI \\ itcrbury li.i||,

(‘oloi' ll

Counselors

The lll“~$l orientation iiii-ctingloi‘
the i-iiimseliil‘s lili‘ l“i'ii.~s’ll \\i‘i'lt~
liltiii \k'lll l.tkl‘ place on l‘tiildl',
\I.iy ill .ii one o'clock in liaililll.
Ell counselors: .ti't‘ required to ill'
li'llil

Bud-non Students

\ll business students desiring
to student leach during the 1963—
04 academic year and whohave not
yet been inicryicit'i-d by either Mr.
iiayei' or \lr \‘chultbi'is should
see Mr \clniltheis lil Riff) on
Friday, M iv 17 between Ei--l'_’ .i in.

it this is impossible, contact
\ll‘ .\i'llllllllr'iS through the college
mail.

 

