   

PAGES STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 1963

 WEEKEND PROVIDES UNFDRGETTABLE INDUCTION INTO 0
a The Grns ﬁn

I mg. . 'l j  3 75’s?

 

 

 

September 16, 1963

Mr. Garry Petre
. Director, 1963 Frosh Weekend
’ State University at Albany
"...the time of our arrival..." Western Avenue
Albany, New York

    

hug-S. i. r ’  .  ' T . 

Don't worry, the Medical Office has Cepacol tor poison ivy.

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 

Dear Mr. Petre:
On Friday, September 13th, I hadthe pleas-
ure oi" bringing my daughter to the State
University at Albany.

I would like to express my appreciation
at the most cordial welcome we received.
From the time of our arrival when the
boys graciously carried the bags to the
room, to the time of my departure, alter
the excellent talk by Dean Thorne, we
experienced the results of a well-organ—
ized committee.


i 

C" V I was especially impressed by the lriend— ‘ ,
The leaders light the way.

liness and interest of all the students with
whom we came in contact, so please extend
my thanks to them for contributing to make
that day so enjoyable.

     

“...the friendliness and interest of all the

     
  

students..”

 
 
  
 
 
  

 

Sincerely yours,
(Name withheld)

 

i 5.}.

.- . Err
w

I .

and come

take this one

 

1‘ ‘3’ .

The first step toward “State” hood

ACTIVITIES HELP FRESHMEN

l‘aking over the distinction—held by many ll'L‘Shmun
classes in the past—oi" being the largest and most
select group ot i'reshmcn in the, history of this co]—
Iege, 808 enthusiastic lilin school graduatesdescended
UPON NIHUW to begin the transition from hometown
sccurity to full membership in the University com—
munity.

Ileginiiing with registration on Friday the 13th,
the l"rosh became acquainted with many aspects of
campus lite—as well as with many other i'reshmen.
On Friday evening, at the impressive (ipcning (3on—
vociitioii anti Candlelight Ceremony, the (‘lass of 1967
was officially presented by lir, I., Walter Schultze,
Director of Admissions, and was ot'i'icially received
into the University by its President, lir. I'Ivanlt. (Iol~
Iins.

Saturday was, probably, the most packed day, as
the l“rosh participated in meetings with their class
advisers, the traditional outing to ’I‘hatcher I’ark,
and two innovations—a concert by folk-singer Molly
Scott, and a discussion of the book The Scientist vs.
The Humanist.

  

The

largest class in history. “...the excellent talk by Dean Thorne...’

TO ACHIEVE TRANSITION

Sunday saw the Fresh being introduced to the
churches in the community and attending a class
meeting and a tashion show designed to show them
the types ol' dress considered correct tor tlitt'crcni
tunctions at State. In the evening there were dances
on the Quad.

Monday marked the, t‘lltl oi’ the iiitensIVe l“rosli
Weekend, but orientation continued throughout the
Week with registration, testing, meetings, and special
programs. I'Ispecially noteworthy was the All—Iliiivei'~
sity (‘oiivocation hold on Wednesday at 1:00 pm. Its
principal speaker was the Pulitzer I’rize winning
scholar, Dr, Mark Van I)oren. IIc gavo t s his topic,
“A I.ibe 'al I'Iducation.”

Ily now the Fresh have begun to find their way
around the campus, have made many new friends,
and are well on their way to becoming full and actIVo
members of the University, As Rivalry occupies their
time and brings out their talents, they will continue
this process and will ﬁnally emerge as I'ull—I'lcdgetl

(:(illtig‘i: students, Sophomores" rally, I0 minutes tor registration. And we eat at 

 

Let's see, the 50 mile hike is from 2 to 3, then the volleyball game, the marathon sing, 1

STATE UNIVERSITY NEW’S. FRI DAY. SEPTEMBER 27. 1963

{COLLEGE LIFE FOR 800 ENTHUSIASTIC FRESHMEN
The Gremlins Tell The Rest Of The Story

 

PAGE 9

 

out.

And I tell YOU that it I am elected I will wipe out graft, corruption, and Freshman hours with all the

vigor I possess.

Dean, Director, Freshmen Agree

Weekend  A Job Well Done

by Edith Hardy

It has the general consensus ot
opinion oi both the uppei't-lassineii
and the iresliiiieii that l‘ rosli \\'et-l\-
end “as a .Sllt't't‘Ss~(‘Spt't'llllli III
dispelling the threat oi Iliilllt‘-Slt‘l\-
ness. The)» all arret-d that it was
'at‘l'l \‘.i'll planned and ruined oil
sitiootlili.

'I'he utl_|t‘i'll‘.t' used most lli ile-
srriliiiir, the iol- oi lllt‘ counselors
was “ext-elleiit”. l'hi- iieshnieii
iclt that the smii had “till-mil well
torethei and that thei had made
the hush ieel iiizhi at home. (Jar ii
l’ctie ’IIJ. l)iit-t~toi oi l'iesliiiiaii
\Vecliend, “\t-i'. liaiipi" '.'.llli
IIIIIII IIII' t'iiiiiis‘t'ltii s and the l'itiniil
til Iliit-t'ttiis. iiiil iiitist III tlit‘
plaiiiiniit. I‘l. lliitoii 'lhoiiiit. Ilt'tlli
oi the “Hit l‘ oi l'it-sliiiititi antlh‘opli—
omoie Studies also tlillilllt'lllll‘ll the

'r'i ILS

'.‘.liti

    
   
   
     
   
   
  
  
 
   
  
    
  
    
     
   
 

student leaders hiuhli.

Counselors "Oriented"

'l‘he i‘tillllSl'l()l‘S attended an
ieinatioii" period oi their own just
Iieiore the iieshmen til'll\'(‘ll. 'l‘his
iraiiiing was thoueht to lie \'(‘l’)
utilitalile. Ill‘, 'l‘horiie i'oiiiiiiciidtzd
the work oi l’roiessoi' Aithur (hi-
this in helping the counselors learn
to lead a (IISt'lIHSIt/li.

The discussion oi the III]tII\ The
Scientist v5. The Humanist was a
lli“-‘- ieatiiic oi the Weekend. The
tit-shincii had been required to read
IIII‘ Iiooh ti‘.t‘l the stmiinei and then
lllt'\ tlisi'iissetl it lll t'til ridoi meet—
in: s on Satin ilai mid-t.

Iteiii'iititis to it 'i'.t'it'

“iii—

'.ai ietl. l)i.

'l‘lioi'iie Illtllll‘lll that as a '-.‘.liole it
had gone "lai' lil".tillil t-:-.pet'tatioiis”
and Uni l‘. l’eiit- also thought that
i! had “turned out better than ex—

pet-teil. " llet llt‘ll instant-es oi ii esh-
dist-nssioiis in

men Hilllllllllll‘.’ the

Ilil'll own iooins iai into IIII‘ night.
Stiiiit- 1.] Illl‘ llllll‘illllllil totiiistiltii‘s
and Ilt'HIIlIlt'll liti‘,\i'\t'l, tell that
lllt‘ liooi. ‘.,is too deep lllliI that a
Iltl'»t‘l lllI‘ tit Itil‘.l‘ Iit‘t‘ll |t~iti-i.

Faculty on Hand
that

\‘il‘lt‘

(IIIII'I Ililllt'h lt‘tt'l.t'll l.i‘.—
oi.ii II‘ toiiitm-iiis Ilil‘ tom t‘lI
I. lIiIIxSIIidil .'\loll\ Stott tlie‘".ei\
iiiipitwsi'.t~” < .iiidlelti'hti eieiiioitt,
lln- It'.tli‘l i'iiiplmsisiiiiilit-at'atlt'itn
it and the iiiloiiim: lat llII.r.\llltIl‘lII
lt‘l.tlltilt‘. lii . lien in- was t-spet ltlII\
“Illlltll'ﬁ ml and pleased” that Ill?
It't‘ll l.ltl|ll\ lllt‘lIlI-t'l‘. Iillll stated
all '.‘.t't'l.t‘|lll in IIIt' ‘Itll llt‘ .itiillii-Iped
lti illill tiii‘ Ilit- .xt-t'It-till .i ‘wlitt't'ss.

Not .i pail ol I itisli \\t*tll\t-iitl lillt
Itl IIlt‘ oi it‘lllltlitili llill l’.tlll
the .lll-L'niteisitj,
'llli h In. \lait. \.Ii:

.i ti.iii
.IillltII' lit-ll‘

Itill\til .illtlli .tl

.l‘i .l

Doren gave the main address. Dr.
'I'hoiiie tell that he had done a
“iiiai‘iiii'icent, IIIle‘VUIUllS Job" and
that it was a “line gesture" on the
part oi the Student Assoriaitoii to
Iii ing him here.

Frosh Dislike Herding

The one aspect oi the Weekend
that most oi the ireshiiien (.JIijUt‘tGd
to was the lt'UIlllL‘ oi being herded
ii‘oiii one activity to another and
oi In‘lll',‘ pushed into Stit'lilllllllg.
In". 'I‘Iiorne also e:-.pressed concern
that the iresliiiien classes were
simply retina: too larue to more
around eliertiwli‘. He added that
iiit'ctiiigs‘ weie siai'tiiir oii Septem—
Iii-i 3.7 to disruss, among: other
things, the [itiSSlIIlllt‘. oi lillliglll‘,’
smaller groups oi irt-shmt-ii to the
Uiiiiei'stti throughout the summer
ioi' tt'StlIii', and orientation. Some oi
the ti‘esliincii also tilijtd'lt‘tl to the
lone ('tIl l’IiltiI meetings lLIlt‘uIlllt'III.

Biggest and Best

The llt‘hlillli‘ll «nine in ior their
‘wllillt’ oi i-oniiiients and t-oiniiiciida—
also. In. 'l‘lioint- noted that
the tlass oi tiiltt \tillllt’ people is
the “lat “est and best qualitied tira—
tleinit'all‘.” and ‘.'.otild lie “liaid to
Iit‘ill in ltixali'.."

J“. totiiiselor iioiii lllt- ('lass oi ’ili}
telt that then weie “moiet-atttioiis"
.lll'I had .i “Iii'lll‘l il]i[ll(l.i('ll to tlit-ii
studies". .\ .Iiinioi t'tiIllihi'Itil
seiu-tl that the}. liatl“.ilololtaleiit”
and that “the axe goiin' io
li.i\t' to ll'.llI\ \ioilx."

(Illll‘. I’etie summed it up Ii\
that he was “\t-i x impiessed
Hpiiit tla- Ilt'SltIlll'lI i‘lass
ttiitl ‘.‘.Islititl lIll‘lll “llit‘

llt)ll.\

(III-

Soplis

s.i.lli
‘.‘.llll lllt'
ll.I‘»
best oi Illl t, In Hindi)".

sliottii"

 

