  
 

PAGE 6

 

 

 . , a, a. _ ,.....,,.. , ~...._.._ ..__....-. .

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY, November 8, 1963

 

   

 

(Author of "Rally Round the Flag, Boys"
and "Barefoot Boy With Cheek")

HOW SMALL CAN YOU GET?

Today let us address ourselves to a question that has long rocked
and roiled the academic world: Is a student better off at a small

college than at a large college?

To answer this question it is necessary ﬁrst to deﬁne terms.
What, exactly, do we mean by a small college? Well sir, some
say that in order to be called truly small, a college should have

an enrollment of not more than four students.

I surely have no quarrel with this statement; a four-student
college must unequivocally be called small. Indeed, I would
even call it inlime if I knew what intime meant. But I submit
there is such a thing as being too small. Take, for instance, a

recent unfortunate event at Crimscott A and M.

Crimscott A and M, situated in a pleasant valley nestled
between Philadelphia and Salt Lake City, was founded by

 

A. and M. Crimscott, two brothers who left Ireland in 1625
to escape the potato famine of 1841. As a result of their fore-
sight, the Crimscott brothers never went without potatoes for
one single day of their livesA—and mighty grateful they were!
One night, full of gratitude after a wholesome meal of French
fries, cottage fries, hash browns, and au gratin, they decided
to show their appreciation to this bountiful land of potatoes
by cndowing a college. lint their generosity contained one
stipulation: the enrollment of the college must never exceed
four students. They felt that only by keeping the school this
small could each student be assured of the personalized atten-
tion, the camaraderie, the esprit, that is all too often lacking in

larger institutions of higher learning.

Well sir, things went along swiminingly until one Saturday
a few years ago. On this day (‘rimscott had a football game
scheduled against Minnesota, its traditional rival. Football,
as you can well imagine, was something of a problem at (,‘rim-
scott, what with only four undergraduates in the entire college.
It was easy enough to muster a backfield, but to find a good
line—or even a bad liiie»——baflled some of the most resourceful

coaching minds in the nation.

Well sir, on the morning of the big game against Minnesota,
its traditional rival, a capricious fate dealt Crimscott a cruel
blow~ in fact, four crucl blows. Higafoos, the quarterback,
woke up that morning with an impacted incisor. Wricbards,
the slotback, flunked his taxidermy exam and was declared iii-
eligible. liccrbohm-'l‘rec, the wingback-tailback, got his neck-
tie caught iii his espresso machine. Yuld, thc fullback, was

stolen by gypsics.

Consequently, none of thc (‘rimscott team showed up at the
football game, and Minnesota, its traditional rival, was able to
score almost at will. (,‘rimscott was so cross after this humiliating
defeat that they inmicdiau-ly broke off football relations with
Minnesota, its tradtional rival. This latcr became known as

the Sacco- Vaiizctti (‘ase

So you can see how only four studcnts might be too meagre
an enrollment. 'l'hc number that i personally favor is twcnty.
Why? you ask. Because, I rcply, when you have twenty
students and one of them opens a pack of Marlboro ('igarcttcs,
there are enough to go around for evcrylmdy, and no one has
to be deprived of Marlboro's flavor, of Mnrlboro's fillA’r, of
h’larlboro's staunch mid steadfast companionship, and as a
result you lllH'f‘ a student body that is brimming with sweet
coiitcnt mid amity and harmony mid concord and togetherness

and soft pack and Flip-Top box.
That's why.
4: i. *

There are (werin line clyurcllcn in every pack of Marlboroa,
and there are IIillllUIlH of packs of Marlboro» in every one of
the ﬁfty states of the Union. We, llic makers of Marlboro and
the sponsors of (his column, hope you will In] our wares soon.

Dumas...

 

c fulfil Mu Hhulinnn

 

 

HO 5-1471

JUST IN CASE YOU DIDN’T KNOW IT . . . .

ART KAPNER

Writes all types of insurance
LIFE —- AUTO -— FIRE
Hospitalization
75 State Street

HO 2-5581

 

 

 

 

NOTICES

 

The BIRINE 000E

by Libby Stroud

Lord of the Flies
A group is forming to discuss
the concept of man in William Gold-
fng’s novel, Lord of the Flies,
Friday, November 15, at 1:20 p.m.
in the old faculty dining room (off
back cafeteria, lower Husted).
Sponsored by the C.C.C.
Campus Christian Council

Circle K Club
On Saturday, November 2, elec-
tions were held to fill existing
vacancies.

“people-conscious.”

Do you know about warmth, happiness, and feeling
so darned full of grins you can hardly stand it?I
certainly hope so, ’cause they’re all a part of people;
they’re all a part of the reward one gets for becoming

You work with the shy, retiring “nobody,” and
suddenly you see ideas that no one else could possibly
have had; come into close contact with the loud, bois-
trous “extrovert,” and you discover surprising quiet-

Thomas Alcomo :65 was elected ness; take a few extra minutes to get beneath the

treasurer. James Morrell ’65 and
Jerry Izokoff ’67 were elected direc—
tors. John Kienzle ’67 was appointed
co-secretary.

Members of Circle K helped move
tables and chairs for the S.U.O.
Square Dance field November 1.

David Siiningfon ’04 will speak
on his past trip to Africa on Novem-
ber 16. This will be at- 2:00 in Bru.
Refreshments will be served. All
men are invited to attend.

Trampoline Club
The Trampoline Club will meet
in Page Hall at 7:30 p.m. on Novem-

surface, and you discover a special, interestingperson.

Everyone who ventures beyond the limits of his or
her own room has, of course, learned that this is so
without my pointing it out. I’m just particularly thrilled
with my own results in getting to know people. With
no reservation, I really LIKE people.

So I sound hackneyed, it’s still true! Whenever I
pause for a minute in this rat race, I can’t help think-
ing about kids who have come up to me with an expecially
kind word — kids I met just a few short weeks ago,
and those I’ve known ever since I came to State.
When a group gets together to throw a party for a

ber14. person because they want to, and not because they’ve

S. U. Theatre Tryouts

Tryouts for State University
Theatre’s second production, U. S.A.
by John Dos Passes, will be held
Friday and Saturday, November 8
and 9 at 1:00 p.m. and 7:30 p.m.;
and Monday, November 11 at 7:30
p.m. Tryouts will be in Richardson
201, and everyone is urged to come.

been told to, it’s not just nice, it’s beautiful.

Whenever people forget that feelings aren’t for
public consumption, that they’re to be remembered
and shown instead, then warmth, happiness, and feel—
ing full of grins take over; people become friends.

By Way of Comment

 

Registrar

To candidates for degree in Janu-
my 1964, graduation fees will be
collected in the Business Office
November 4 to November 15.

All who have not filed applica-
tion for January degrees must do
so immediately.

by Gary Luczak

11/4/03 - The armies of Algeria
and Morocco, having been locked
Psychology in combat for almost five weeks

There Will be a meeting of all their disputed border territory in
psychology majors andgraduate stu- the northwest Sahara, are presently
dentsinpsy'chologytoday,Noveinber observing an uneasy froce that
8, at 1:25 p.m. in Draper 140. threatens to flare once again into

brutal open warfare.

To many observers
this contest to see
who will liaie ulti-
mate control of a

****

State Greeks

The annual I.1".C.-I.S,C. informal
party will be held November 15 I
[his \ear' seemingly end-

I.l".C.-I.S.C. has contracted the ‘ , less Slreu‘ll'mwmd'
Polish-American Community 11311 A .‘ h TVQHRRM’ anith
on Sheridan Avenue for the event. - “‘5‘%’¥”,““fif’” "U515
The party will last from 8 p.m. to d , [It inﬁll?“ 159m"). 3”” 11
1, all Greeks andindependentupper- .859 die “Ulllll‘l’l ( mlomll' 1‘5 ml"
classiiien are invited to attend. The helm”! and lmmlless'
dress is informal, so come to have Protaglni5'5
a my}. ’l‘o ihe piincipal pi'oiagaiiisis lli

Bids for the event can be pur- HHS Sll‘llglile (Killg “3553” u “l
chased in the Draper flail pei'l- MUI'W'“ 11'“ 1’1'051‘1‘3‘” Ali'W‘l 159“
style “,1- $1.30 W,- Wrgm, and llella of Algeria) ifs oincome is
$2.50 per couple. llopc io see you vitally important for reasons both
were tangible and intangible.

pone, In the tangible cult-gory is the
poienfially valuable store of oil and
other mineral resources which lie
deep Within the earth in this set iion
of the Sahara.

The conflict ofpi'inciplc isimpoi'—
tani and basic not only in ilspi'escnf
context but also as it concerns the
entire Arab World and that rather
illusory concepi known as "Arab
unity.”

Aggresswe Nationalism

V ‘ Uii life one hand we sccie ii'csen—
  (/0- fed inc theory of “agglressive
' nationalism" as espoused by l‘resi—
dent lien llellaandmorepioniinenfly
b. L‘Igypi’s lioi‘. l’i‘csidcm Nuswi;
and on [he ollici‘, lhc pioponcnls
of legitimate government and wid-

HUOIENANNY and Supper

Sun, Nov. l0, 5—7 p.m.

 

l’i‘esnfent John liilga ’04 an-
nounccd dial the follownig were
pledged info l’oifci’ Club onMonday,
()(‘ltlllt‘l' 282 ltulif’l'l ll. lirown ’05,
Terry Dean ’05. Michael l'inkcl—
stem ’05, Allcn Welcomi-‘fiz'i. Leslie
Negiis ’of}, Anion Suleckei' ’o'o', Wil-
liam Sinnhold ’m; and Richard Kil—
lian ’l'i'l.

 

217 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.

l’lionc 8-3610

 

 

Amateur
PRIZES

lst $5.50 in meals
2nd $4.00 in meals
Bid $2.50 in meals

free supper to
an contestants

supper [all you can eat] $1.25'

Dagwuod’s Restaurant
128 Central Avenue

 

 

Compromise Appears Unlikely
In Algeria-Morocco Dispute

ous aiiii-Coiiiinumsm SUch as flas-

san II and King Saud of Arabia.

Ben bells and Nasser are at once
ardent revolutionaries and staunch-
ly' anti-inonai'chisi. They boih favor
and are both Working in their own
way toward a single Arab staie
founded on certain basic socialist
principles.

Feudal Traditionolism

llassan, Sand, and Hussein of
Jordan, on the other hand, arehold—
ing fast to their systems of “feudal
ii‘adiiionalimu.” They are deter-
mined to preserve their ancicm
dynasties and seem to feel that the
uniting of the many Arabic tribes
under one government is iinfeasiblc
yvifh instability and inefficiency ihc
only consequences.

llussan II, who did his inmost to
co iperaie wiih ben liella and the
Algerian l"1..’\’ in ilieir long and
arduous struggle ‘A‘l‘li tho l‘lf‘lll‘lf,
has been the object 11) reccni weeks
of a sleppcduppi opagzindacampaign
which has seen him labeled variously
a “criminal” and u “ixiunt.”

lien Bella has i‘ccciycd his share
of herbs in the Moroccan leadci’s
retaliatory sallics. llassanhaswll—
cd him “a dtingcious xii us” undhas
i‘cpealedh accused him of wanimp
an “ideological :onflici in point will
ilic imouipulibiliif. of oui two sys-
lems."

Mediation Efforts

i‘iflfil‘lh io mediateithuhai'a boi v
dei' dispuic have been made It.
almost c\ci. mayor loadci on lll(‘
African continent, ihc Ai all League,
a loosc fcdciufion of lilAi ubsfuics,
lilchIse soul a mediation team but
llaswn icjccicd iis lf'l ms.

The Organization of Ali 11 an lim—
I. a newly formed union of all
inc indupcicli-m Ali icon '(illlllllf‘w
excl-pl Sonih Ali Ii ii, had iiccn asked
in mediate b. l’l't‘vlflf‘lil llcn liclla
men against ihc t'.\|lll‘.‘ihl‘il iipponb
lllill lil llfl‘ lMuy'dlU which lull lliul
[\ial dispiiics should be icoolycd
ll) .ili Aldli liiiily.

Last week, howcyei if was un—
nounccd ffini llassan and lien liclla
had signed a cease-filo agicemcm
in neuli‘ulisi Mail’s capital of llam-
uko, and lhai the ()AU Would appoint
an aibiliiilion commission to fool»
info the dispute.

Speedy Settlement

A speedy selflcinenl, howcyci,
docs noi appear in the offing. Nei—
tliei' side, if is believcd, Will be
Willing to compromise the hioad—
or issues or pimciples, and so ii
seems Iliaf many men will common
to die 111 me Saharan sands lighting
for a desolnle onlposl and a iiny
oasis.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. NO‘v'i’n’lbcl' 8. 1963 PAGE 7

 

Tivolry: F 4

(l

  

1,  -

Fighting desperately for those valuable Rivalry points, students
struggle through intricate obstacle course — one of the usual
events which have disappeared from the Rivalry scene.

Bibs and Buttons

Begin

Frosh Trial and Tribulations

The familiar purple andgold frosh
beames and the numefags worn lllilll
October 11 this year were not the
only things State’s first year stu-
dents had to wear in the past. As
a matter of fact, the class of '07
iiiiglii be somewhat thankful that
they were “born too late.”

Bibs and Buttons

In the early 1930’s, every yci—
danf freshman, except those few who
played the role of uppei'classiiien,
Wore a large white bil- wnh his
name on it. The women had to wear
light dresses and blacl. stockings
while the men Wore iies of ilicii'
class colors. Each li'osh had to
also wear a special button on his
right shoulder.

Until 1931, freshmen had to wear
these iell-iale lliSlg‘lila until Moving
Up Day, but in that year the “bib
and huifon” stage was passed in
Noycuibei‘, a privilege extended to
indicate their rapid approach to
inann'iiy.

'l‘lie fi'osh alsohad Ioweui beanics
until the first snowfall. The ancient
l'lllldl (ll “snow dancing” bccame a
yjiowmg fad during these '.f’i.11*-.

'I‘hc black-hooded body of Ku-Klux
lli-L’ lodges known as the (.3. A. I. ’1‘.
(die Court for ihe Adpidicaiion of
lnfiaciions of 'I'i'adifions) isonlj. me

present manifestation of a »l-l yeai
old system of i'i\ali'v penalizaiion.

“Gee, l'm Sorry SophsH

l’enaliy days began in 1019. The
Sophomoie Court of Rule enfoiced
traditions in early nears. “The
(‘llljil‘lls with bowed heads stood
before the Sophoinoie class and
recited the following siaiemenf;l
do hereby hunilly apologize in the
most worthy Supiiollioi'eclasslfii'[be
breaking of the most worthy Sopho-
more rules."

The Sophomore «ouri giadually
became obscuie iiniil 11110 when
ihe linfoicemcm (Iommiiiee 
formed. Its lllll‘. was to find in—
fractions of iiadiiions by freshmen
and iepoii them in ihe “black
Legion" whichadministeredpunish—
liil‘lll.

Some of the iiiles imposed upon
inc li'osh dining ihese f‘éll'l‘. .cais
included: (1) "freshmen shall be
sci'iegaicd from Sophomores and
uppciclassincn ui basket] all yjuiiies.
(3) \Vlltfll ly’ﬂi (If more SlilllPIIlS id
diffei'cni ianl. enwi a building a!
the sum:- time. 'll‘lf‘ltilill‘ must be
shown in iippcit lassmcn.

(3) licshiiicn shall noi smoke o;
(.aiiipus.
(4) No liosl. .yoiiiai. shall .ymii hci

l

haii ioyyn,‘

Now that State’s dust, kicked up
by a whirlwind, four-week Rivalry
period, has settled down and the
{rush have been rattled back to
reality by four-week grades, the
S.C.I.T. eye would like to focus
upon this 45-year—old fresh-Sopli
tradition.

No institution can remain un-
changed, especially in a college
community. nor can if still retain
its original aims and purposes.
Rivalry through the years has tried
to keep pace with the changing
interests of the students by intro-
ducing new events and discarding
others.

The Beginning

On February 8, 1918,MYSKAN1A
inaugurated organi/ed rivalry with
the-belief that State needed aumfied
college spirit.

Until 10:73, Riyali'y terminated on
Moying Up flay in May after nine
merry months of inierclass compe—
fiiion. At this time if was shortened
to conclude on Campus Night.

 

 

 

 

 

Gremlins’ Gallant Effort Mirrors Rivalry of 1925

Despite ihe fact that the gremlin cicen
pullcd off a quite cli-yer capture of Sopli picnidciii, '.'.l:ll‘|i

of “'1 :.c inighi .uuid the
d iii-simian l'al'l was uninipaied, and thus

.ophomoic icii‘iwhmcnis against

mp”. (In-U, dmmg 1mg may}, iijyuli,, II was ldl lllllt iih: (dilli

Iiom a fiist. And if those who

if Myskunia) think that lhc. mu.

inc fiisi class to accomplish suih a lirllde'wll‘u
'lui-‘l mighi fake note of fins csccipi fioin inc Uciobci
.535 l'J3'7 issue of the State College News.

"A large gioup of male licshmcn la. in
l‘l'dliflh l‘l. Griffin, inc Sophoinoic
34‘» bl' went from ihc Kappa Delta

inosi- lo the college l'i'iday night. fulllllfi howcycl
\‘vf‘fil much earlier than they had

Steve Curti, Soph President, is caught by com'
em. as he struggles to escape from his fr
"9PP9rs—u froditionihotcanbetruced buck tol925-

lli 11ml hidinippcd

HP“ S‘d’l' l‘lifihl‘ll‘lll, l‘lted Siniih ’f‘l (nor. «fiuiiinai.
buyc boon f'lli'nl- o.

 

for x 1.1m. oi
‘.‘.l.li‘. l..i. lll‘f‘m
f‘.(‘li llvlipt‘l illl

ll..l| Hm lily] i.~.

l‘fflllt’ li lllll ll‘l
lll'lll ulcs.

sol/ed .i

ihc slicuin.”

(fillillili'lifillly

oshkld'

of lilr did noi
‘nlllll‘ l‘mlll- of tho Hiiilc f ollupc News

“l-iida i-ycninc
ficshinan and lJllll‘ll him by nulomobilo
io .i poim .iiah of inc in». llcic fl is said, lll‘ was
paddled ‘Allli slim». and pail of his hair cutoff.
A lrl.ili lii llllU\‘v llllll llill'
(flopped. lit: Vyar.

some wcclnz "l'ioshmiin
o
iimn- Uly’dlll/Jtll 1 law, fin/.ini' Wlll bi- téiyiltflll‘fl,

Frosli Finally Succeed
"Willi. 'i.c. lcaincd bite) of ibis llli“. ainliisizidcd

pop of viicifooi sol liit' adminis-

l'icliisi-ld". Hi .I ‘rlll .i'li-
'l.lllli|. [lill‘lllo' ‘dicl. (iiilfin panscd Ihc ‘looi on his
.-..1 afoul '14. :Iiilvfiii,‘ our of ihc licshincn y‘li1lilit91l
'.'..il' lid 1.1m .fli‘l loin-v. iin \ui‘n ic, 'l'oc. fr'.l‘l[iii‘.‘.l‘ff‘ll lillll
class iicsidi-ni 1m Lin. in .o. .illl‘llllill lie and iiiccd off just as sopho—
lihu llllll'llill‘. lliwfl' mini iflil.l"l it. llflll‘ ii. \cc lllt‘ .iiifoinobilc
diwayywai 1.1'1 ‘ll w‘ll‘I" l‘l'ndl’l to lllill i1~f‘lfll(’.
el‘lmwl’ W “W "(iiiifin .ni- I no, oi Ioc ioi. 1.1:. llu>.}i||l.iil'.‘>
1.1.i- '1 If  in '.oci llili '..i' iidff.|l. .ilmiif ‘t‘li lllllf'H
.ilﬂl lcii ionic: i;.ili,f:‘lvl '~ 'c! d llill' ll. ii [r.i\*.llfy’,
.iilllllfli 1 [lb dill.“ in mu im'cl .lllf'l dc lll‘ﬁ‘dllf‘ll
lull ll‘ll bllli .i.il ..i l.l‘l i. “.lf.l.‘.. li-livii‘llii"‘lii'l
Winc ' pii ll lllf 1.1.. if |l|.i‘|‘ l. r 5 Ho Ii. ml. l..'|ill-.lll '.
pin 2. 'fm .‘wi . x ‘.l‘ ‘-t‘ll o ich  ii. llif‘ .fllllf
ioiimn‘

chi'l Rcvciigu

"1 incl Im-ii rui.. .if 11 llii‘lllllrli
on ifff tampon li .l‘.ll L. and piolval-l’.
imv inn. tonsilch lln‘fiiscl‘w‘. llllb‘y
ool niwly lf"-l'lfi’|‘. l‘hc Sopli « lu‘m

~,ii coinplaicnil. .ir. Ihc following

sophoinoic mien uic said to bail:

inc Noiniunslyill ciccly was
lch in lllt‘ woods on the blink of

inc lolloyymi‘, ooiiic appenied ihai

.md sophomon who con—

 

by Dave Jenks aid Debby Friedman

During these early years, Rivalry
served as the core of State’s social
and extra—curricular life, and its
results were of interest to the
entire student bod..

Such events as pole rushing, part
of the first Rivalry in 1918, would
make the present day events look
somewhat fame.

Dirty Rushing

Fifteen men from the fresh class
would line up for attacks (rushes)
on a ten foot pole with the Sopli
class colors on top. The Sophomores
defended the pole and tried to stop
the spirited frosh from reaching
the top of the pole. Sometimes
rather ingenious tactics were em—
ployed as when one frosli class
used fire hoses for added force.

In 1923, the Mascot Hunt, “the
fiercest eyeni of Rivalry,” was
introduced The Sophomore class
hid its iiiascoi. a diminutive statue
not more than 8 inches high, some—
where iii the college buildings and
the f'rosli had one week 10 find it.
If the mascot remained undiScovered
the Sophoiiioi‘es were awarded the
five points.

In 1934, the Maseot Hunt was
suspended because ofpi‘operfy'daiii-
age inflicted by the over zealous
frosh. Slightly revised. the hunt
again made the Rivalry Scene in
1938 with MYSKANIA hiding the
mascot and both classes looking
loi‘ if.

A Clean Tug-ot-War?

The familiar ing-of—war was be-
gun in 1932, but the losers did not
haye the pleasure of our present-
da‘. mud-bath. they were merely
pulled ihrough a cold, gushing
stream of water. In 1933, the lug—
of-war and the pole rush Were
abolished but replaced with a new
innovation called push-ball.

As Siaie grew. more events were
addcd so that eyci'yone who wanted
io participate could. Thus the Sing
became, in 1933. one of the majoi
eyenfs of Ri\ali‘y. The freshmen
class had to challenge ihc Sopho-
mores fo .1 sing and .15 fl is now,
each class had to sing an Alma
Mater and a welcome song.

During the first half of the cen—
mix, ibe debates between classes
yvci'e iakcn very seriously \vlllif‘lll‘-
rem \voild issues sci'ying as Ihe
dclaic topics. Craduall. ihc scii—
ousncss of ihc iopics di-iicascd
lllilll lli land, the lasi .car of ill"
dclaic’s csisicme, ihc iopic ques-
iion Wolf). “Should Mcimuidsllaxc
bony oi Shoii llaii."

An All-Year Bonner Hunt

'l'hu- plum-m day llannei lllllll
(lti'n ). l.ibllli;' a llll'l two hours,
l..id iis 4d 1mm. in u l$.ilil.t‘l Riyali.
‘.'.l.ll i. used to hint lid iiiw-smncsiei s.
law b il.in‘w ll icd to ruin possession
of Illi‘ ii..il lllfhh": luilillf‘l. ’l‘hc
lummi s. .-.oi«- impi in college build-
in,'~. of on I.illl]lll.‘u loi lilfl‘ yield.

but b \f‘llli“.ll‘l.

in Ilic lulc 1030's iiiaii'. llll'll‘
fulmllh 'M‘lf‘ .lllllf"l lo iJllfllllUlltlll‘
iJllllf at call] Hdii', l'ldlf ll limllrull illill
soiilall \\'l‘ll‘ added in 19325 and

  

Years The Force That Has United Freshmen

Humorous Events Pack Period That
Shrunk From Full Year to 5 Weeks

the girls played hockey. Men’s and
women’s basketball began in 1932.
Field events were introduced and
girls suffered and laughed through
three-legged races,sack races,old-
clothes races, and obstacle courses.

As the war years dawned, more
girls events were added with the
major portion of the male segment
of the student body having gone
overseas.

70 Rivalry Points

A rivalry swimming meet ap-
peared in 1944. That year Rivalry
was worth aplieiiomenal seventy (70)
points, but the competition still
lasted until Moving Up Day.

The events adding up to this
grand total included football, the
banner hunt, a stamp booth (in
keeping with the war effort), 21 Sing,
a humorous debate, field events,
skits, basketball, swimming. ping-
poiig, bowling, archery, and a scav-
enger hunt. By 1946 this point total
was reduced to 52.

Aside from a few minor changes
Rivalry during the 1950’s has been
much the same as if is today. The
newspapers were added during the
late ’50’s and with the modern
emphasis on communication a half
hour radioprograinontheUniversity
radio station was added only this
\(‘ifl‘.

A Purpose Remains

Through the years, Rivalry has
served many different purposes.
At its conception and during its
first few decades of existence if
served as a year long unifying
force for the entire student body.
Willi ibe growth of the over-all
Ltf'llyll‘.‘ program its purpose was
directed more toward the unifica-
lioli of the freshman class and
as a result if has shrunk rapidly
to iis present Jam—packed four week
period.

Question has been raised as to
whciher such a program has a
purpose in the future, on the new
campus. We feel 11 has.

It instills a feeling of identifi-
cation With the University, it pro-
vides an oiivlci for frosh and Sopli
ialeni which might be inhibited in
oiii uppcrcl.issmcn dominated
oi yani/iiiions, ii iii ingsoui and helps
dozolop those individuals who will
bi-ioiiic linidci's of their class and
f‘.l‘lilllilll‘. of die cniiic school, and
fl adds .i liiilc spiriiwl moon and
(‘xf‘llf‘llit‘lil in .‘.lfL11 can So easily
lrw'idiif‘ a spiiiilcss college exist—
(’liN‘.

Ri'.ali". Will of neccssii'. have
n. chance who the Umyei‘sity. It
Will haze of i'liv‘ﬂ. io include more
pcoplc and ionic areas of interest.

Illlpl'dl'lll of «moms \y'ill ha\e tobc
discnidod .n.d iii-v. oncs, such as
.in inter-class “l ollcirc l$owl.”will
bum in be uddcd. Whellici we bc
.1 Icncln-is’ training center a coi-
ll‘,‘f‘, of .f lllll\ulhll‘.,lil\'ull'\'5ld151f‘
puiposi-s sci-m udi'qlhite for its
llt‘lill‘lllulltill.

 

Rivalry skits have always been of interest to the student body.
Note signs depicting other areas of student body interest.

 

