 

  

‘ 'A‘IM

‘__._-A.—_.

Workshops Help Greeks

This newspaper commends the intelli-
gence and spirit of cooperation that have
been exhibited in the Greek Workshops to
date.

Starting with some of the most specific
statements of policy we have ever seen,
the Greeks have taken advantage of this
opportunity to make themselves heard in
the Workshops and have been working
hard ever since.

Essentially, what the Greeks have to
contend with is a revolution in the set—up
of fraternal organizations on this campus.

Virtually nothing remains untouched,
as they have been told that they must limit
formal rushing and pledging, initiate a 2.0
minimum average for members, and de-
posit their funds with the Student-Asso—
ciation.

Faced with a shake-up of this magni-
tude, State’s fraternities and sororities
might have been expected to react rather
sharply. However, while acertain amount
of leariness does exist,amongmany mem—
bers, there has been demonstrated on the

PAGE 2 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY.

 

whole a desire only to make the most of
the situation.

Indeed, the Workshops were set up for
this purpose. Given a fairly rigid set of
formulae by the administration, the Greeks
also have been given some room to man—
euver within these formulae. Hopefully,
they will be able to make these regulations
work for them as best as possible.

To this end, the Workshops have been
striving admirably. More than 21 hours
of meetings have produced hundreds of
ideas—ideas that will be further discussed
and tested in forthcoming months.

Just how well the Workshops succeed.
of course, rests with the Greeks. To
arrive at ideas, and then not faithfully
follow them in successive years, would
indeed be a waste.

The Workshops are only the first step
in the long battle of adjustment facing
the Greeks. So far they appear to be win—
ning this battle.

Wrong Estimate Creates Difficulties

For the past week Senate has been
deeply involved with financial problems.
These problems are a result a large
mistake in complicated arithmetic.

When it appeared that the accumulation
of excesses with budgets over a period of
many years (Surplus Fund) was over 19
thousand dollars, Student Association
President Pat Cerra was willing to see
Surplus depleted by approximately
$9,000.00 in order to limit the increase
in student tax.

When the June audit of accounts was
completed in mid-August, surplus was
revealed as a fund of only 14 thousand.
President Cerra, wisely in our view,
then objected to a $9,000.00 depletion
of Surplus.

Cerra wrote to University President
Evan R. Collins requesting a further in-
crease in student tax. When he arrived
in Albany, he was told that his request
would have to be withdrawn.

Cerra asked if the request would be
granted if it were not withdrawn. The
answer was “No.”

Perhaps it is administration’s realiza-
tion that the problem is not the fault of
students which led them to avoid the use
of the first veto.

We feel that a veto with an appropriate
message of explanation would have left
the air a good deal more clear than it is
now.

It has been said that Senate is being
trampled on in this matter. We do not
see it that way.

Senate, in the past and in the very re—

cent past, has shown a distinct lack of
planning especially in regard to the vast
wasteland, better known as Dippikill, also
known as Dippiwikkle and Dippiwipple.

Senate, just last year, authorized Camp
Board, the governing body of Dippikill, to
place another $7500.00 in a bank some-
where so that someday a $50,000 hut can
be built for the four or five campers at
State.

There has been no plan or blueprint for
the proposed aggrandized pup tent with
cold and cold running water.

We wish to commend Senate’s Finance
Committee for unanimously adopting a plan
of action which may see at leastatempor-
ary end to the banking of money for an
unplanned, unneeded, overly expensive
house in the wilderness.

We feel that the whole thing is caused
by an unfortunate and an unnecessary mis-
carriage of mathematics. We feel that
that person or those persons in the Busi-
ness office who were off by five thousand
dollars should re—cxamine their methods
and perhaps enroll in Math 21 for a
couple years.

We would not be so severe in our criti-
cism of the Business Office people involved
if this were there only recent. mistake,
but our memories serve us too well to
leave us thinking that this mis—cstimate
is their first mistake.

We do hope it will be their last or at
least their last which will have such an
upsetting effect on the Student Senate and
the heads of most student activities.

 

 

Desk Editor:

Columnists
Reporters

All coiririioriicotions should be address
Name: «Ill be withheld on request.

responsibility for opinions expressed
such expressions do not riecelsqry reflect It: views.

.1 State University NEWS 5

William A. Roggin,
loss of ’66, 18

   
 

O

   

 

ESTABLISHED MAY '0'“
«a A -
av YHE CLASS or toll " PRESS m r"
WILL lAM H. (‘OLCAN
Idilor»irr-f_firel
IDA/ff) N. JINKS
E, A, f , J()‘>I'i‘tt N. GALU
KCCJ we d tor Managing Editor
RON HA T'
5pm” Emit, ON lUlil IN MI ItAl Ii
Business Muriugcr
JOANNE SOBLIK
SU‘AN IliOMSfN
A 2 J
dvertising Manager Iechi‘iicol Supervrsor

Assutant Editor:

Claudia Colbert, Koren Keefer R
Horry Gardner, Kri

Pauline Bohrer, Lillian Crnor, Judy (To
Rosemary Mons

Assistont Technical Sopervrsor . ..
Technical Assistants . Jud
Photographer:

Jqumsline Adonis, Paolo (Joints, tdltl'i Hardy

orog, Eugene lobe
A . Put Jewell, Pool loosen, Joseph A. Corner, Cory Lucidity
ngelo Anxulone, Linda Baker, Bernadette Hariko, Liiido Beusse

EConger, Dona Nolan, Liridu Stacy
Terry eilly, Poul Bochori, John Meyer:

in It. columns or communications, as “(3

       

William A. Goggin 'uo. son oi
Mi. Jut'l- Goggin, died during the
summer oi injuries receiVeii in an
automobile ut'cltlmli.

He entered Albany Stale last Scp~
terriber as a beginning ii'eslnnan
Susan Thomson and completed one teal" oi Work

osuiie f‘lltjugyUg'

tiger, Pat Green,
cor, Betty Worier

lie was elected Vice president of

the ('irt'lc K servn'e club. He was

.FQHI to the editor and must be signed. m“ by “We” "mm-“Hilts Ulltl W118
he State University New: osluriies no l

pledged to Sigma Lambda Sigma

was elected to the oiiirc oi
ltnshmaster for this year. He had
been a member of Statesnien.

 

SEPTEMBER 27,, 1963

 

 
 
 

7, .
y I 2,. - i \ _P
RY FEES
’/ Dower?
i 30%

 

thhholtl

'Viewpoint’ Enters, Informs

A complete change on this campus is indewl i ~ 
but the new handbook, The Campus Viewpoint, >~i i ::;s
to be one. Starting with a new name, the Editor. in
Johnston, attempted and in large part acconn’ilw‘wi,
a change in aims for the handbook.

The book itself has a binding instead of a m Int
staples. It is much longer and better written.

For the first time there has been an attempt to :w ~~
sent an accurate representation of the Student .\- 
ciation Constitution. This, in itself, is a major mp
forward.

The highlight of the book is the new and largi-  -—
tion on the new campus. The text explain things .wll
and thoroughly without getting lost in superlutw

Another major and welcomed change is the .li ~l!‘ -
bution of free copies to our faculty.

It appears to us that the work begun two yczii--~
by Jim Miles has been carried forward by .1qu
and an exceptional staff.

A Three—Day Success

Another group of students has passed throng!»
Frosh Weekend doors of Albany State and hav~~
completed its first week of classes. Before llil~ '
Class of ’67 becomes completely absorbed as i '
so distinct membership of our student body, wc n .1
like to reflect a hit upon the uniqueness of its ll."
ductory Fresh Weekend.

Like all else at this institution of higher lczii-z
this year’s Fresh Weekend proved to be quite ili'“
ent from those of the past. There were main
features of the weekend that we cannot pass
without giving some mention.

The Fresh Weekend issue of the State I‘nii'v:
News gave the freshman an excellent look .21
University and its future, and offered the piw
a utilitarian souvenir. Much credit for fills
should go to the administration who author-ml it
of the articles.

The elimination of the Saturday night skit»-
therr consequent replacement by Molly Scott’s ll‘)‘ i'
anny may have been the greatest moral l‘t‘ltii'
State since the invention of house mothers.

“I The Saturday night corridor discussions oi tho

Ihc Scientist versus thc IIumanist,—’ proved in
cases to be unbelievably successful.

. But enough about the technical clitiiigcs, "'
found an evon greater alteration in tlic gcncitil

oi the entire weekend. A greater emphasis or
academic and intellectual aspect of colch’."

A change encouraged by the administration,
suspicioust scrutinized by a more socially in:-
Segment of the student body. '

i In previous years Fresh Weekend has prcscnu I
freshmen with a rather distorted if not warpth \f
of the days that would be ahead. It left them unpw
pared for the serious and time consuming stutlir-
which the start of classes abruptly shoved in ihw‘
laces. '

This Weekend also possessor] a moral and t‘lllli ll
temper which has been very much lacking in IN'
years.

The social activities were not abandoned, but rathci'
[Hit into a proper perspective. The result—a \l’eckr-nil
Wh ‘1 Purpose, and an excellent introduction of llic
fresh to our university.

 

 

Printing Rules Highlights Changes Modﬂmmt
Kennedy’s lax Reduction Bill Faces llnited Opposition
Its Republicans Seek to Attach Rider

The publication Of the University Guidelines re-
veals a step forward in student-faculty-administra-
tion relations.

While the printing of the pamphlet was of a dis-
tinctly wretched quality, the contents made up for
this.

We were happy to note the numerous changes in
rules. The one rule which brings the most joy is
that of allowing the faculty to be the judge of cuts.
While justice will vary from course to course and
department to department, there may be some
greater chance of avoiding “Z’s” from being sent
home sick for a week. At least, there is room for
hope on this point.

We do not rejoice over the watering down of aca-
demic requirements.

Free electives within the major and second fields
may now be passed with a “D.” This, we feel, is a
step in the wrong direction. By the time a person is
taking free electives, he or she is a junior or in some
cases a senior. The courses taken as free electives
are often onehundred and two hundred level courses.
We are dismayed at the prospect of a person passing
a two hundred level course with a grade of D.

While we feel that most required education courses
are not worthy of the people who are paid to teach
them, we do not feel that the subject area should be
degraded by lowering the standards in this field. Too
many people leave teacher training programs unable
to teach as it is. Again we feel that this is a step in
the wrong direction.

There is also a change in allowing re-examination
for Seniors. Department Chairmen may now allow a
new examination.

Registration or Ordeal?

We. don’t wish to sound bitter, but after standing in
those registration lines for five hours last week, we
have the sneaking suspicion that somebody can’t count
very well around here.

As everyone so proudly tells us, this year State is
graced with the largest enrollment in its history.
Nearly 3300 students are in attendance at the Univer—
sity, and assuming that they fit into the category of
fresh, Soph, Junior, Senior, or grad student, all these
were expected to register in just 24 hours last week.

The fact that another day was added to the registra-
tion schedule when it was obvious how hopeless things
had become does not make up for the original error.
A little refresher course in Math 21 for the organizers
of The Great 'l‘rek would have been of far more value.

Although we don’t claim to be mathematical geniuses,
we do think we have atleasta rudimentary knowledge of
simple division. .\s near as we can figure out. approx—
imately 138 students per hour were expected to go
through the marvellously simplc procriss of (l) Picking
up their packets; (2) Filling them out; (3) Having thi-m
chcckcd; and (l) Paying at the Business Office.

It seems to us that while this theory was beingdc—
viscd, somebody forgot to look at his slide I‘lllt'.

Not only did flit' University have an all—time record

number of students to push through the lines, but tho
paper work involvcd roughly doubch that of previous
years.
i ll sccms that the process of shelling out 200 dollars
for tuition complicated things in ilic IillSlIit‘SS (lfficc
it might, What with dcfcrrcd payments, regents schol—
arships, scholar iiicciiiiyc loans, and who knows what
else, the Iiuslncss ()i'fico couldn’t quiic managi- to
register 138 students every hour.

(‘oiist-qiiciilly, thc lincs leading into said Iiusincss

()fficc iciidcd to become a bit long as the day wore
on. Waits of five and chn six hours \vcrc not uncom—
men.

It seems to us that the University could have done
better by its students than this. Rut then, perhaps it
was all for the best. We never would have got to play

Registration Monopoly (see page seven).

College Calendar

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27

 

 

7 8. 9: I5 pun. IFG: “The Mating Game" 0-349
RDAY, SEPTEMBER 28 ' ,
SALUM. Rivalry, Tug of War Vet's Field
2 p.m. Soccer: Utico College Vets Field
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3
Bro

8 pun. Mux Monuth.  

by Gary Luczak

9/23/63—A furor has developed
in Congressional circles as of late
over President Kennedy’s proposed
$11 billion tax reduction measure,
and an interesting situation has
arisen in which all 176 Republican
members of the House agreed in a
party caucus to stand united behind
an effort to attach an anti-spending
rider to the bill.

This rider, if enacted (which is
highly unlikely), would
allow the tax cut to
take effect only if the
'5 President in next
' year’s liudgetinessage
. _ .1 estimates Federal ex-
.f penditures in f’isr-al
1004 at $97 billion and
in fiscal 1065 at $08Iiillion. Current
estimates run $08 and $100 billion,
i'cspectivcly.

  

Large Opposition

lint. why do we find such con-
certed resistance from the loyal
opposition to a measure which would
seem, on the outside at least. to be
popular with a large segment of the
population; and which had been
passed twicc bcfoi‘e by achublir-an
t'ongrcss‘,‘

First of all, the Republicans have
termed the tax cut bill an “unprec—
oriented gamblc’ ’. They can’t seem to
reconcile in their minds just how
a reduction in Federal revcnue iii-
takc will spur the economy without
bringing in its wake the dread of
inflation.

Yet. the rccord shows that jil‘li'OS
over the last live years have re-
mained almost static with the pros-
ports good that this trend will con-
tinue — even in the aftermath ofa
tax cut.

011 top of this. some of our na—
tion’s most esteemed economists
(llit'llltilllt! Walter llcllcr. Chairman
oi the President’s (‘ouncil oi lit-o—
noinic Advisers) have endorsed the
plan as a necessary fllSl stt-p to a

ltill employment. balanced budget
(‘ciiliiilllfh

As the President ontlim-d Ill his
address to the nation last acct.

this across iln- lititiltl tax cut \\olllll

,

put more money in the hands of
consumers, who would then spend

more, thus indirectly creating new._

jobs; and in the hands of businesses
which would then have the poten-
tiality for expanding their opera-
tions. contributing a larger share to
the nation’s economy and adding to
their payrolls. With this loan find
no argument.

Also, the Republicans site the
people’s apparent acceptance of the
present tax rate and a Gallup Poll
report which shows little public en-
thusiasm for a tax cut. Although
these points are verifiable they seem
to me to be of little consequence.

When an issue is of vital national
importance, as is this one. an apa-
thetic populace should be the least
of our worries. Just because there
is no great public demand for a tax
cut does not mean that it isn’t
vitally needed.

Partisan Politics

But these arguments, however
much they are emphasized by the
Republicans, only form a flimsy
facade behind which lies the real
crux of their opposition: the age
old game of partisan politics.

They seem to feel that the key
to victory in 1904 is to remake the
Republican party over as the epi-
tome oi’ “fiscal responsibility” and
“fiscal integrity”.

Historical precedent would seem
to confirm their views. In the Con-
gressional elections that followed
both the tax cuts of 1048 and 1054
(both Republican sponsored meas-
ures) the Democrats were success-
ful Ill winning control of the Con-

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBEER 27 1963 PAGE 3

gress.

They hope that their efforts in
trying to tack the aforementioned
rider onto the Administration’s bill
will convince the voters of their
sincerity in behalf of Federal gov-
ernment economy.

Limit Expendltures

Needless to say, partisan consid-
erations have no place in an issue
as grave as this one. Not knowing
what eventuality might arise the
President cannot and should not be
made to hold spending within preset
limits.

lie has stated that he would hold
“an even tighter rein on Federal
expenditures, limiting our outlays
to those activities which are fully
essential to the nation.”

These assurances are as far as
Mr. Kennedy can go; and the Re-
pulilirans will have to accept them
as is. In addition this proposed
rider would leave an unnecessary
doubt in the minds of our citizens
as to whether a tax cut were in
the offing.

The Administration tax bill is
certain to make it tlirouglitlie House
intact. But that is only half the
battle. It faces rough going in the
Senate where an expected civil rights
filibuster and southern Democrats’
resentment toward the President
could see it delayed and possibly
defeated.

llowever, I am firmly convinced
that its passage is necessary for
the welfare of our country and that
its enactment will usher in a dy-
namn- new era of prosperity.

Dandorth Graduate Fellowships
New Available to Students

Inquiries about [JandortliGraduate
fellowships for careers in collci‘e
teaching arc in \ iicd, James M.
Lewis. ASSISIRIII to tlic President
announced today.

The fellowships. oiicred by lllc
lianiorth l'oundaiion oi St. Louis.
Missouri. are open to male collcgc
M'Iiltil'S or i'ccclii i'iaduatcs prc—
puliiii' ioi’ a (“.iich' of (caching,

counseling. or administrative work
at the college level.

Applicants may be planning to
major in any field of study common
to the undergraduate liberal arts
and sciences curriculum, at the
American graduate school of their
choir-e. but may not hate already
undertaken graduate work. Nomi—
nations close Ucioliei‘ 18, 1903.

I

I ~———— COMMUNICATIONS ——~—-

t _._‘___.

 Ambassador Tim Sealants

Asks To Relate  Abroad

Dear Students,

'l'lic t'oiiicliis of this li-tici
lonr law“ on III. mind and in Ill.
heart. As tlicvlnisol suninii-i passed
I. I ~.lo\\l'. «auto to l~.no\\ Illt‘ll‘t‘lllll‘
ol iiimliiqunij. .i‘. I icali/cd that I
would iii-\ci bi- Ill‘lt' to fully litl —
llllillll .ilt‘ to ‘,ril| nor thank you ioi
till that you lmd t-iinbli-d luv to t"\-
pclli-iicc.

So iii;in\
dnys nou
lliiist Iniinlii't
krill this lil‘( .iusc Hill haw pi (dull l'.
lit‘t‘ll ilhlxt‘ll II .t llllllllll‘ll llfllt" .il-
ii-.id\ but llti\\ ‘Ali‘. \oni \llllillll'l "

.\iid t‘dtll llllil' you nould -..i.
that I would iiiniu- bcrnusc I want
an dcspcinicl. to it'll with of non
.ill that I can about l'\t‘l\ hour oi

rNWOTICE

'l‘ln- S. U. News \\III continue to
publish \m photo offset printing! this
\ctil.

This means that the dcadlinc ioi
all nch releases, notices and House
llowls is still Sunday night.

The 5. U. News has a new private
telephone line. The number is biti—
o-Iisl. The paper may also be
reached by (“allng lirubacher Hall
at I\' 2-3320.

'I‘Iie publications office. located in
Room 5 of liinliucliei' Ilall Will bi-
open from 7:00 to 11:00 p.in. Sunday
through Wednesday.

Inni-

Iiincs in tho pnsi icv.
llti'xc t‘oliic Io Iiic .lllll
said, “I llillt' Iii :isk

cur-ix in'. that I sport! .is tour rope
It'fsciil‘dllu'.

I’lcnsc hclp inc. Appiont ll int- Ill
rhc hall; tail nit- at tlii- iiousc; nsi.
inc to spunk to ioui \tiloill'i oi
ll‘.ilt'lllll\. Milli class, will] ic—
li.1ous club your dorm oi tiny
pint t' \\‘llt‘l't‘ you in.i\ izathci.

litiiinr Illt' suininci I took some
370 pit itii'i-s '.'.lllt'll I \xould low to
shop. It: you and I pliiciinscd soilic
books which mm. llt‘ oi sonn- in-

It‘lt‘ .I III '.till.

'l‘lmhl '.till ioi lllt’ iiiosl nonilci illl
c‘xptviicinc of III. lilo. I lltllil' that
I ‘xll.lll l‘c illlll‘ to M‘IH' yoti how
an .in .nnbnsnndoi Ivy icpoiiing to

you all that I (‘LIIIH‘ to him“ and iccl
illltl llt‘llt'\l‘.

Sue Murphy

Sophomore President
Condemns Rowdyism

Dear Frosh & Sophs,

I am writing this letter as a
protest against Rivalry, that is a
Riialry consisting of ioolisli pranks
and rumbles. I did not get to sue
Illllt'll oi the bonfire, but [heard
about the ltllollt' tliievcry and sign
stealing. I’m sure that even ii I
Wt-l't-f there this stupid hell—raising
would still ham occurred.

I am apologining ioi‘ any oi my
class' llilpl’upc" actions and I would
like to ask all members oitliek‘lass
oi I060 to return any beanies they
stole.

I would also ask someone ioinakc
clear the rules concerning banner
sit-.ilnir. This should be done ﬂ-
iiicdinicl).

I rope that Rivalry \jill it will not
tlnv but that the spirit will l'l‘lt‘llt’l
dit‘erit-d by both classes.

Sincerely,
Steve Corti, '66

Grad Student Says
'Joe College' Loses

It't-rt-nilj. I was told \\l|_‘. rindnatc
students pay only $31.30 in ices,
\ihilc undergraduates pn'. $414.31),
You see, graduates are not pci mite
ti-d to tote in the yearly ciwtion tor
school oiiitci‘s.

\\'ln wasn’t I told this as n trusti-
man' I could haw sawd Romeo.
\\h'. should It-ai caboni iliculllitllilh-
iinlion’x siudcnt underlings" 'l‘ln-
cult of the “good Guy” with llic
ckci—olicii l’cpsodi-nt smile, is
t‘lliitlpli to make a thinking person
Ill. This is Iininiiisc at 11 price,
a paper dragon. licaiiiy contests
are oi dubious importance in the
inoiiei n unnersily.

John Harwick

Frosli Says "Thanks
For a Great Weekend

To the Editor,

The Class of '07 would in this
short now, like to thank the people
responsible for the "real swniging
time" We had during the “Fresh
Weekend.” A special thanks to
Bob Fairbanks and C Petre who
gave great amounts energy to
the well planned weekend.

A Freshman

 

