PAGE 4

 

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 22, 1963

 

 

 

 

 

wswx semi;  . imaging Africa-
  Defeat of Bonds AW“ New by an Exchange Student

Gross, Bob Clark, Ron Campisi,
Rick Genero.

6 p.m.: Popular Vocal & In-
strumental; Jim Wilson, Bev Lee,
Ron Walter.

'7 p.m.: Show, Folk, & Jazz; Dave
Hughes, Tom Vandermeulen, Gerry
Terdiman, Marty Schwartz.

8 - 10 p.m.: Mood instrumental;
Bob Fullem, George Ashley, Carol
Hughes, Duane White, Linda Per-
kins.

10 p.m.: Classics; Bill Moran,
Tom Alexander, Linda Perkins, Art
Loder.

FRI: 5 p.m.: “Campus Beat"; Jim
Wilson.

6-11 p.m.: Variety; Doug Peter—

son, Ron Campisi, Ron Waiter.

SAT: 1 p.m.: “Golden Oldies”; Bob
Lawson, Maureen Glasheen.

6-11 p.m.: Variety; Stan Katz,
Don King, Jay Rosovsky.

SUN.:
1p.m.
Ian Leet.
4 p.m.: “Perspective”; Doug
Peterson.

Classics; Nick Argyros,

Jersey Democrat Decline

by Joseph W. Galu

The results of the off-year elec-
tions in New Jersey reveal a major
setback for the Democratic party.
It is my feeling that the setback
will be a temporary one.

The Governor Of New Jersey,
Richard Hughes, is a Democrat.
The Assembly was under Demo-
cratic control. The Senate has al-
ways been controlled by the Re-
publicans with the help Of several
small rural counties.

Hughes backed a program of
bonded indebtedness to pay for capi—
tal construction. The plan was de-
feated by significant margins in
the stale-wide referendums. The
plan was proposed in two parts;
both were defeated.

Crazy Coalition of Opposition
The proposal was opposed by
many Republicans, the Young

 

 

FROM CAMPUS TO CAMPUS...
FROM COAST TO COAST...
 THEYALL LOVE

 THAT

 

If you can take your nose out of that text book for just a
moment, you’ll notice that Yum-Yum has emerged as the most
stimulating campus sport in many a year. Who needs panty raids
when you can Yum—Yum under a large tree or in a little sports

 

“Hogan.”

Hogan, hilariously portrayed by Jack Lemmon, is a lecherous
landlord who rents apartments to attractive girls and goes from
door to door with a heart-shaped passkey. One of the tenants is
Carol Lyniey, a curvy co-ed who is conducting a cozy experiment
in platonic, pro-marital co—habitation. (It’s all in the interests
of science.) Dean .lones is her nervous wreck of a fiance and Edie

Adams is on the premises as the marriagc—counseling teacher who

takes a tumble for Hogan.

Hogan’s own apartment, happily referred to as “The Sin
Bin,” is an electronic aiiibush-on-virtue' that could make etchings
obsolete. There’s a violin section, for example, that emerges out
of nowhere and plays, without benefit of' human hands, “Music To
Make Yum-Yum By.” There’s also a bar with ‘
enough whiskey to refloiit the Titanic. lint don’t
get Hogan wrong. Jack Lemmon defines Ilogan
as “a man who is outraged at humanity. There
fore, chrything that seems outlandish and bizarre
to the rest of the world, seems perfectly normal to 

him. liogan cannot understand why the world is so ungrateful to

him.”

We guarantee It's marvelous mayhem and sure-fire ma~
torial for a term paper on Laughter. It may not earn you an “A”
—but what an 'oducatlon' when you see Jack Lemmon in Co-
lumbia Picturo’s"UNDER THE YUM-YUM TREE," co-starring:
Carol Lynioy ' Dean Jonas ' Edie Adams o Imogene Coca ~ Paul
Lynd - Robert Lansing and The Yum-Yum Girls.

SEE IT AT A THEATRE IN YOUR CITY!

cart Be advised, however, that on rainy days the
hip prefer their Yum-Yum indoors. (Research
rooms of libraries and empty field houses are con-
sidered the choicest locations.)

As you’ve probably deduced by now, Yum-
Yum is strictly for Him and Her. And in Columbia’s
riotous new comedy “UNDER THE YUM-YUM
TREE”, (Columbia Pictures, not Columbia University) Yum-Yum
is developed into a high art form by its greatest practitioner,

  

  

 

 

 

Americans for Freedom, the Ameri-
cans for Democratic Action, and
the League of Women Voters. This
last organization is most probably
the cause for the defeat.

The official party views gave
the appearance that the proposal
was bi-partisan with support from
both Democrats and Republicans.
The Democrats were firmly com-
mitted to the program since Gov-
ernor Hughes was its author.

There were many Republicans
in opposition to the proposals, al-
though the Republican party did not
take a formal or anofficial position.

Weak Reasoning

The plan was for capital construc-
tion paid for by bonds. In and of
itself, it is questionable whether
the plan would have been defeated.
The means for paying off the bonds
precipitated most of the opposition.

The method for retiring the bonds
was to use income from the New
Jersey Turnpike. This method was
and is a poor one. There are plans
for the Federal highway system to
include a highway running almost
parallel to the Jersey Turnpike.

Either the Turnpike will be given
over to the Federal system or the
income from the road will virtually
disappear. The reason for this is
that all Federal highways are toll
free.

The defeat of the proposals can
be blamed, with a good dealoflogic,
upon the Republicans. The League
of Women Voters provided the mar-
gin of victory, but the Republicans
provided the vast majority of the
votes in opposition.

Problem of Republicans

This leaves the Republicans with
the problem of providing the tax
program to pay for the needed con-
struction. New Jersey is now one
of but two states with no state income
tax and no general sales tax.

One of the two programs Will
have to beimposed, ii'any semblance
of governmental function is to re-
main. Neither program will win
any votes for the Republicans, es—
pecially in 1964.

The Democrats can now Sit back
enjoying their numerous legislative
defeats and watch the Republicans
take all the blame for whatever
program is instituted. llughes will
learn his lesson if he has any of
the political sense he showed in
getting elected in 10(31

Party Split

The second problem the ltepubli-
cans have is that of a liberal \ersus
consermtive split. U.S, Senator
Clifford Case is a liberal; most New
Jersey legisiaforsundCongressmen
are conservatives.

In 1904, the Democratic Senator.
Harrison A. (Pete) Williams will
be up for re—election. 'l‘he ltopubli—
cans hate to find someone, whose
views Ul'e both well known and
Someone who Will not antagonize
either Ith'IlUIl of the party.

l'otn oi the eight Republican t'on—
gressmcn from New Jersey uic
considering running against Wil—
liniiis. None of them tire known
throughout the, State, although soy-
ei'ul have moderate records.

The liepublicuns have no I'ullth—
dale to oppose Willliilllh. 'l‘lim also
have the problem Aillll the respon-
blbllll'. ol instituting u Itix piogi‘uni
which cannot help btil Ire tinpopului.

Wall’s Subs

Around the Corner

 

from the Dorms

Open Daily
Mon-Thurs. Ila.m.ll30p.m.
Fri. €Sot. Ila.m.——l;30a.m.

Sun. 4;OOp.m.—Ilp.m.

27f Ontario Street

 

 

 

by Maurice Tsododo
The Second Scramble for Africa

First Scramble

A scramble is a mad rush for something. The first
scramble for Africa was in the nineteenth century
when the European countries rushed to secure tom-
tories in Africa. To achieve their ends the colonial-
ists incited tribe against tribe. They even foughtamrn-“ﬁr
themselves for the control of the territories.

Second Scramble

Today there is a second scramble for Africa, ‘ni:
this time the rush is not by individual counlrm
but by two power blocks; the Socialist and Capital! :I
blocks. The technique is simple. One power Hwy»
labels an African move for unity“An Imperialist l’lm,“
not because it is so but because the block TIOI‘H‘! .i
like it.

Another power block labels another move for HE
“A Communist Plot,” not because it is so but new
the power block does not like it. What annoys; 
African is not the use of these slogans, but it’ tho
way they expect the Africans to be treated as a b. i,

of naive idiots. ' ‘ '
The African is constantly told that unity is impow-unl ‘

because Of tribalism. If he tries to take melts-.an
to deal with tribalism, he is accused of “dict-now
ship.” While there are problems, the African hcliit \
that many of them are emphasized for the pulp 
Of sabotaging any move to unite Africa. The ('

is a specific example Of this sabotage,

To quote Julius Nyerere, the President of ’l‘angnnv it»;
“There is no need for fear. All we need to do l.- M
use our intellect; to know what is good for us. \\’c tlr - l
to listen to the outside world; to accept what we bcli 
is in the best interest of Africa and African l'n 'v,
and to reject (and reject in no uncertain terms) 
we believe is not in the best interest of All
The misleading slogans Of ‘democraoy’ and ‘SOCIlll‘w-l'v'
bear little relation to what Africa is doing, and thy-v;
are generally used by those whose purpOSe 2-,
divide Africa into opposing camps.”

 

The BIRTNECIIGE

by Elizabeth Stroud

“Remember who you are, and what you repi'csoi,“
Okay, I’ll play your silly games. Who am I'} \\'h-n
I represent? I’m fully aware that my birth ('ci"
Gate will tell me what my name is; my extra—cm"
ular activities could be said to define “what I
resent.” What else, pray tell, could one new.
answer the above questions? Why should anyone <
any problem in fulfilling the above “request?”

Well, I’m not satisfied with statistics; thc
vities I’ve participated in don’t even begin to :ipp:
what I am, or what I represent. At the risk of it
dubbed a “starry—eyed, overly sentimental l'rcshniu
to whom Albany still Seems like a darned goof.
Versity - as opposed to the unonthusiastic, :ill
often derogatory upporclassman — I maintain
this admiration and respect go a long way M
the answer l’vo boon looking for.

i am a student, an individual who, by inv i'
alion with Albany, has assumed a responsibility
its reputation in the eyes of the rest ol‘lhi- \\
Since 1 am in tho teaching program, I linvc 1155’;
an even greater responsibility to my future slinli-n‘
in preparing myself now, and in attempting l
to [)t'opztt‘o thorn.

The responsibility I feel, cngcndcrod in pH?
the stature of Albany, and in part by lllYHWb It
sonal aspirations, not only contributes to a dcle
0!. time,” but also “whatl represent.” It’s taken cl
if) rm” years to enable, mo to allompl :inv dc“
tion at all, and it will probably take nnmv In
before I an begin to be really definite.

'l‘hls 'l‘hanksgiving, many of you will bc 111‘ '
on with some variation of this question. Your
high school buddies will want to know about Allin:
about how you’re doing, and a myriad ofothor illlllf’w
DO you know the answer? Can you “ltulllcllilitzl‘ ul-
you are, and what yeti represent?” or haven't vi"
ever bothered to wonder?

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22. 1963

 

by Toni Master and Ed Wolner

Another Tragedy

Are bad editorials becoming 2i S.U.N. tradition? Following the debacle
of “An American Tragedy” was an equally disastrous comment on
Rockefeller. Where does the writer get his evidence for asserting
that Rocky "has shown such complete stupidity and such complete
lack of common sense in everything he has done in recent months...?”
And whoever bases his presidential vote in ’64 (ifltockefeller gets
the nomination) solely on Nelson’s tuition policy last January shows
an equal amount of shallow substantiation and thought. Go college
mentality in ’64.

Have a Heart for Hartley and All That

It seems that the focal point in dis'cussion of the administration this
semester is the Dean of Men. Too much of it, unfortunately, is insipid
and based on i‘uinor, bias. and a somewhat frenzied desire for scape—
goatism. Criticism is good, where if is both warrented Lilltl construriive.

Ticked Off at MYSKANIA Time

Fred Smith & Co. have really been going at H full steam this semester ~
1.0. long ‘instructive’ columns on student morality. etc. —bin one
proclamation really hit the lemon Jackpot. The i'ccommendafions on
lllt‘ convocation were painful. We like the ideu of having speakers from
our own institution, htit it seems downright assinine toimply that
inviting Professor Van Doren was a breach of tradition. Don’t rule
otit a good thing. And must we be subjected ton parudeof student
gowrnmeiif officers — including the thirteen walking mummies? Don’t
we have enough of petty blil'eallt'i'ucy the rest of the vein"! 'I‘oquote
the Myskies: “A University in transition is in danger of losing many
things..." Including our iiiinds'?‘."?

Patching It Up With MYSKANIA Time

Well, has the bus fiasco been cleuied up'.’ What remuInSot'our tra-
ditional free market? What constitutes soliciting? How much donni—
\el'SlIV students haw to be protected from “expio1tation'.”‘ Aneai'h
deadline prohibits comment on Al Smith’s Solicitation liiil and its
late on the Senate l‘looi‘, but it places a load of power into the hands
of Services Committee. The MYSKANIA ruling that Senate doesn’t
have the sole power to charter bases is necessarin oblique. We hope
for a Judicious application oi the decisions.

Speaking of Power

We sort of resent the wu‘. University Guidelines isbeing quoted in
student government as it ll were dome lté'vt'l‘dtloll itself. It is at best
it motley and second—source explication of the way things aredone
around here (from the Student I’ersonnei’s point of view) and should
not be taken at face value.

Smiles with Miles

Senior Jim has asked for student opinion a lil'tilitislllll'iil”. llolliS.
We suggest .that week night hours for Friday night. regular Saturday
hours. and afternoon and evening hours for Sunda\ lleeixlt‘ndedon or
trial basis for about a month. We’re sine iheuniwrsity wtil find
me student bod]. responstve and 11 seems well worihthe expense.

More Smiles with Miles

The SA Compensation liili proposed last wch was the most atrocious
piece of legislation i-wi' to appear on the llooi‘ol Senate. We hope
it was cut, mashed, and thoroughly ierjuigimted b. this week’s Senate.
We also hope it was a joke of sorts. If not, God save us. the budget.
and the cause ol \olimini". sortice.

Allllllllrrrrrrightlllll

Lliot'olzilt‘ covered graham
for Li really iiii:',lli‘tll Lind
iig time (‘ollege liowl. No?

iiiiclwi s to Junie (jusbci I) and iloug Lippeil
'.‘.i‘ll oi punt/oil ('unipus t host. Now lct’» co

Watch l'oI‘liiii oi l’olilll's iii lli‘l‘t‘iillrt‘l, ldl' lllllll’S #11“ l-ill’lWlm‘i’v

vus - SENIORS - unniiuiins’”
MEN WOMEN

DO you here any questions about yr tr

 

military obligations? Would you like
to havelhe latest information onllie

many programs?

If you are interested or just want to
know the facts, contact, u‘itltoul
Obligation, A.L.REIS—
your Navy man on campus--
via student mail

0"

 

 

04W allow

 

 

phone I V— 9—-I 086

 

KAPPA DELTA

There will be a date party Fri-
day November 22 at Fort Orange.

Seven new members were pledged:
Laurie Wemett and Cindy Welsh,
Juniors; and Joan Podi‘is, Phyllis
Rich, Sue liaubner, Carol Walker,
and Bev Dates, Sophomores.

Candy Eckhardt '60 was elected
Sophomore I.S.C. representative.

Sue Murphy spoke about her trip
to India, Sunday, November 10. A
coffee hour was held with K.B.
on Monday.

PSI GAMMA

President Veronica Gillis ’64 an-
nounces that the coffee hour with the
brothers of Alpha Pi Alpha will be
held Monday, November 25.

Pledged last Tuesday \vei'eztjarol
Eames ’65, and Sophomores Barbara
Clark, Susan Judge, Judi Keyser,
Lynn Kurth, Donna Nolan, Pat Stott.
and (‘arol Whitmeyer.

CHI SIGMA THETA
President Marietta itsneri ’65
announces that the football game
with Kl) will be held at 2‘00 p.in.
tomorrow. A coffee hour will be
held with SLS Monday at 8:30 p.m.

SIGMA PHI SIGMA

Janie Gusbei'ti ’65 announces that
the following girls werepledgedlast
Tuesday night: Alice Katz’tSG,Sheila
Monahun ’UG, Ilai‘i‘iett RUSSUil’UG,
Susan 'I‘urbyfill ’60, Candy lx'lampert
’05. Anita Lotz ’65, Marcia Schon-
berg ’05.

GAMMA KAPPA PHI

President Barb Keenan ’tbl, un—
nounces that the following girls
were pledged to the Sorority No-
\ember 12,

Meg Stations ’04. Carrie Drost
’o’i. Angi Anzalone ’oo‘, Gail Bol—
h\ei' ’06. Kathy Glowaki ’66, ltose
Koch ’00. Linda Kroell ’60, Carol
Merchant ’06. and Joanie 'l‘honiseii
’titi.

PHI DELTA

.\ cling President Mui'v lilien
iiiet-nun ’l'nl wishes to announce
that the It'lltinli}: girlswei'epiedged
Nut, 

Ann Harry. Linda (,‘oiiipson, lioh—
hie l-Iyans, Joan Grecnhorg, Claudia
Mat-ken. Maureen Newman. Margie
Saul, Susan ’l'hompson, lietl'. Waiter,
.nul .lo West, Sophoiiioit-s. Also
t'ind: (Jule. Linda Negns. inn! Gina
\i'ushiillc. Junior .5.

A fflllL‘i' liolli Iol‘ lln' .‘sfrlillll‘.
incultx will be held |i(‘.\l Mondin.

SIGMA ALPHA
lldl iii fin-load, ’tll, spoit- inn
boi Iiip to llul‘. Ibis past summer.
The lull. was ,i\t-n .n llw Sigma
.-\l[ in lliillHi- on Nti'iiillllrt‘l l7,
lli. i'inklcrueni was entertained
.n linnoi on Nokcinbci lii.
.\ lillll‘l' lifvlil \‘vtl‘ilit‘lil‘Jt'li l‘tdlt'l

('lin Moicl.i.. Ninciiilvm lit.

l‘lt‘ Iollo‘ai .. :’ Il‘: ‘M'll' l‘ll'ilt‘t‘ll
Noxoinici ll: llonnn (Ill "Ut'dhdlliii
.\‘o\\.n«. Jo. fir-Him i'lauli- l‘t-in son
tiinn (‘osu-i \ ~ .lunioi a: mellow]
(til,l’l. .ind .\l.llll.ii llll.\.ill —--
Soplioiiioicm

'l‘ne start-i» avian lo 'lmnl. Mi.

.ind Mi s. Mt hinnol. ioi tinipeioninli
their liil'dlrll' Nm-inbm it.

NOT! OPEN
Mon..Thuu. Until 9 P.M.
JOHN MISTLETOE
BOOK SHOP
238 Washington Ave.

‘ no ‘Hllil

 

PIIIIIIIIIIIIIII’IIS
IIEI’IIIIIEII

BLUE NOTE SHOP

I56 (INITIAL AVI
at) lulu UHN In t O M

IAIIE’S
FOOD MARKET

504 Hudson Ave.
Albany, N.Y.
lV 2-42” IV 2-9394

 

 

 

PAGE 5

 

 

___

ﬁlminng

(Author of “Rally Round the Flag, Boys!"
and “Barefoot Boy W it}! Cinch")

   

 

SHOULD AULD ACQUAINTANCE
AND JAZZ LIKE THAT

I am now an elderly gentleman, full of years and aches, but
my thoughts keep ever turning to my undergraduate days. This
is called “arrested development.”

lint I cannot stop the healing tide of nostalgia that washes
over me as I recall those golden campus days, those ivy-covered
buildings (actually, at my college, there was only ivy: no bricks),
those pulse-tingling lectures on John Dryden and Cotton
Mather, the many friends i made, the many deans I bit.

I know some of you are already dreading the day when you
graduate and lose touch with all your merry classmates. It is
my pleasant task today to assure you that it need not be so:
all you have to do is join the Alumni Association and every year
you will receive it bright, ncwsy, chatty bulletin, chock—full of
tidings about your old buddies.

Oh, what a red-letter (lay it is :it my house, the din the
Alumni Bulletin arrives! l cancel all my crgiigements, take the
phone oil the hook, dismiss my resident osteopath, put the
cheetah outside, and settle. down for an evening of pure pleasure
with the llullctin and (need lurid?) a good supply of Marlboro
Cigarettes.

 

  

_-4:—:r~m§4:.

    

Whenever i am having fun, a Marlboro makes the fun even
more fun. 'l‘liat filter, that flavor, that yielding soft pack, that
firm Flip Top box, never fails to heighten my pleasure whether
i am playing Double ('nnfield or watching the radio or knitting
:m afghan or enjoying any other divcrting pursuit you might
iinlnc except, of course,spenr fishing. lint then, how much
spear fishing does one do in (,‘lovis, New Mexico, where I live‘.’

lint l digress. Let us return to my Alumni liulletin and the
fascinating news about my old friends and classmates. I quote
from the current issue:

"Wt-ll, Icllow alums, it certainly has been a wing-(linger of :i
ycnr for us old gradﬂ iii-member Mildred (‘heddar and Harry
(‘aincmbcrh those crazy kids who always held hands in Econ ll'.’
Well, they're married now and living in ('lovis, New Mexico,
where llari‘y rcnls spcnr-lishing equipinenl,ainl Mildred has just
giycii birth to :i lovely Bil-pound daughter, her second in four
months. .\'icc going, Mildred and Harry!

"lb-member .lcthro liric, the man we voted most likely to
soccer-d" Well, old .lcthro is still gathering lnui‘elsl Last week
In- \\:i~ \ofcd ‘.\Iotorm:tn of the Year" by his fellow Workers in
tbc Ihilutli ~trcctcnr >y>tcm. ‘I owe it all to my bi‘ukcmnn,'
stiltl .lctliro in :i clinrnclcristicnlly lIitltlt‘SI :icccptnnce speech.
.‘nnic old .lclhi‘ol

"l’robnbly lhc llni>l glniiioi'oin limc had by any of us old
:dums \\:i.~ laid by l’rnncis Macombcr l:i.~t ycur. He Went on a
big game hunting whirl :ill the way to Alricn' We received many
intern-ding [uni c:ii‘d.~ from l’i‘ancb until lll‘ was, lil1i>,:i(‘t'l-
ilcnlnlly ~ltol :ilnl liillcd by his ullc and \‘llllf‘ hunter 'l'ougli
luck, bruncisl

"\\'il:nncll:i 'llcznlt-yc' Mncombcr, widow of tlic lute beloved
l‘l':ili('l\ Mnconibci‘, “in ninri'icd yesterday to Fred ‘Hiii‘cshot’
Slgdlotn, white lnmtcr, m :i olllllllt‘ double-ring ceremony in
Nairobi Many happy I'l'lill‘llr-, \l'ihimclfn and bred!

“Well, :dumm that )llel about wraps it up for this year.

’ill_\‘ llflllflﬁ!“
~ 1003 Max Shuliuan

Ultl grails, ncn' grails, tunlcryratls, (uni non-grails all agree:
that good Itic/iniolnl tobacco recipe, that clean Selectralc
lilfcr. lifll't’ furlictl till fifty state.» of [he l'nion info .Ilurflmro
f'oil/if/y. II‘o/i'f you join the throng."

 

 

 

JUST IN CASE YOU DIDN’T KNOW IT . . . .

ART KAPNER

Writes all types of insurance

LIFE - AUTO —- FIRE

Hospitalization

75 State Street HO 2-5581

HO 5-1471

 

 

 

 

 

