 

  

PAGE 8 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY.

AMlll Football Comes to a Close
Potter, APA ‘Pygmies’ Undefeated

The AMIA football season is over
and we are now looking forward to
basketball, bowling, and wrestling.
This is the best selection of winter
sports ever offered by AMIA, sotry
to participate in the sport that iii-
terests you. Check the AMIA bulletin
board for team captains and sched-
ules.

The final standings (unofficial) in
the two AMIA football leagues are
as follows:

League I W L L Pts.
Potter Club 4 0 l 9
Waterbury 3 l l '7
Kappa Beta 3 2 0 6
Alpha Pi Alpha 1 2 2 4
Sigma Lamda Sigma 2 2 2 4
Cave-Ins 0 5 O O
Pigiiiy League W L T Pts.
Alpha Pi Alpha 6 O 0 12
Discussers 2 4 0 4
Kappa Beta 2 4 0 4
Waterbury 2 4 O 4

Potter Dominates Play
Potter Club dominated League I
play by posting wins over Waterbury

Two AMlA teams do some drills to warm up befre game.

(20-13), APA (13-6), KB (10-0).
Potter fought SLS to a draw, but
without the services of Mike Cam-
arata, their all star quarter back.

Waterbury fielded a very strong
team this year. Dave Jenks at quar-
ter back and Dennis Philips at end
were the outstanding players on that
squad. Close behind Waterbury came
KB, who managed a winning season
with Errol Fitzgerold at quarter
back. Lance Anderson was the out—
standing defensemen for KB.

Pigmy League Success

The Pigm League turned out to
be a real success this year. Al-
though APA had an undefeated sea-
son, all the games werehard fought.
The other teams each beat one
another. Don Mason was the offen—
sive and defensive standout for APA.
Bill Enser and Doug Morgan also
figured in many of the APA victories.

Although only a few names could
be mentioned, there were many out—
standing plays and players in both
leagues this year. Congratulations to
the trophy winners and losers alike.

 

    

 

THE 640 SOUND
ON CAMPUS

WSUA

 

 

 

 

linen Your lamtieii’

No interest or carrying charge

5 Charge Account

 

20% OFF ON
ALL CASH SALES

(IEPNRS
EXCLUDED)

   

CHARGE

CARD

CHARGE ACCOUNT lDENTIFlCATlOm

Jeweler - Expert Repairing

239 Central Ave.
AUTHORIZED BULOVA JEWELER j

_—" ‘aa'moo{‘"'““

FRANCIS J. UMBER!

Watches - Jewelry
Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

open evenings till 9pm. Saturday till 6p.m.

 

November 8. 1963

Girls; Hockey team 1

Defeated Iiy lineonta
State’s Eleven 5-1

The Albany State women's field
hockey team was defeated by Oneonta
State on Saturday, November 2. This
is the first women’s team from
Albany State in ten years to enter
intercollegiate competition. The
game was held at Oneonta.

Morley Scores Lone Goal

Since they hadn’t performed to—
gether as a team until Saturday, the
first half showed many weaknesses
in both offense and defense funda-
mentals. As a result, Oneonta
breezed by with three goals.

But in the second half botti teams
played unusually well. The players
got used to Working with each other
and showed effects of more precise
teamWork. liiglif timer Carol Mor—
ley broke her stick as she Scored
State’s only goal.

The final score of 5—1 does not
indicate the polished skill shown
in this las half.

The team is composed of two
Sophomores: Linda Lisenbarth(Ll-l),
and Ellen Zang (LW); and freshman:
Donna Reynolds (Cl’), Carol Morley
(RI), Pant Cooper (LI), Marilyn
Naas (Ll), Yvonne Yuskiii (llW),
Nancy Papisli (ltW), Brenda Smith
(CH), Barbara Burlnlk (ltll), Leslie
Mongei'o (lilt'), Laurie Wetsel (Ll-'),
and Barbara ltussell(goalie). Kathie
Kramer is the scoi'ekcepei'.

Russell Sage Game is Hopeful

A tentative game With ltussell
Sage is now being planned. This
game with Oneonta marked the first
step towards the goal of intercol-
legiate competition for for Women
athletes at State.

 

PINE HILLS CLEANERS
340 Western Avenue
CLEANING and EXPERT
TAILORING
We Call and Deliver
[V 2-3134

 

 

. . mes. sewewmmmwwvl’wﬂttm

HIMMING
IT UP

Recruiting is something that is against the rules
as far as State schools go, but it seems that some
schools are bound determined to try and get away
with it..... A certain State school is so concerned
with producing winning teams, something that was
unusual until recently, that they are scouting the
country side for top athletes.

It is one thing to convince an athlete to go to your
school, but is something different when jobs, benefits
and other promises are made. Keeping sub—standard
students in school because of athletic prowess is to
be expected of a Big Ten school or Missouri Valley
Conference, not a member of the State University
of New York.

We are not at the present going to say just what
school we suspect of illegal recruiting. It is not
Albany. We hope that in the interest of fair play
that either all schools will be able to recruit or
none will be given this advantage.

 

by Ron Hamilton

While we’re discussing other teams, we have in
the Capitol District a nationally famous team. . We
are refering to the rather unbelievable RPI foot—
ball team. It is a good thing that the old chestnut,
“You have to be a football hero. . .” is no longer
ture or the boys of the Royal Order of the Slide Rule
would be called the Long-Horns. 0 and 31 that spells
loser with a capital L. Keep trying guys.

The girls are beginning to get into the act.
They have taken to the road. This is something
that hasn’t been done around here in a long time. We

are pleased that the sports program for girls is now
showing signs of expansion. They pay student tax too

and should be given a Chance to benefit fromit.
Other students, male and female should make more

use of the facilities they are paying for.

Coach Suuers is complaining about seeing little
men running around in his dreams. He must be
carrying his work home with him. lie has ten varsity
basketball players in the five—seven to five—nine class.

 

 

SiAiE COLLEGE Cit—0P
FOR SALE

'llniversity Rings’

Synthetic :\.\Iltl'l‘llYS'l‘, RUBY, SAPl’llllth stones
Stones may be double faceted or buff top
Women’s Ring — $27.00

Men’s Rings -

32.50 large
38.00 oxtrzi hczivy

l'Incrusting available on Buff ’l‘op stones only.

Plastic buck available on Men’s la‘xtrn llozivy ring only.
lloposit — Minimum $5.00

Balance on delivery

l’Ioziso allow (3-8 wocks for dclivot‘y.

10/ l“(t(l(‘,l‘fll l‘Ixiste ’l‘nx :tpplios on all rings,

Portable typewriters

SiAlECCllECE C0-0P

 

 

 

-MV:ixﬁmwhifﬁﬁm-ﬂa  a.,-:--'.‘ ‘35:"; ;~«.-:_t...,._~.-..

ﬁe: mammary-saw

v w‘ .~ :

 

 

Plattsburgh runners try desperately to overcome Stare runners
but the margin proves too much.

State Harriers Overrun Plattshurgh
'Rolin' Breaks His (two Boise Recoil

State University at Albany’s (‘ross Country team
maintained its undefeated dunl moot record inst Wed.
with a well earned 25—31 win ovor a determined
Plattsburg team. The meet, hcld ovo r :1 cold and wind—
swept Washington Park, wusnol :tnousy one for the gold-
clad locals.

Albany’s Tom Robinson continucd his winning ways
as he lowered his own course mark by ovo r ti minute.
The “Flying Redhead” run the 4.6 milc course in
24:42 as compared to the 25:54.1 lliill‘k earlier this
year. Plattsburg’s Mannch was socond followed by
Dennis Tuttle and John Clark of Albany.

Coach Munsey p‘tllSOfl ’l‘uttio :is buying run “a
marvelous race and ho is improving and running
stronger every meet.” Pintlsbui‘g [)l‘t)\'(‘ll to ho :t much
better than last year’s contingrnl which lost to Albany
21—34.

Albany is now 6—0 in duni llll‘t‘lh' ‘llltl htlS one meet
remaining against Le Moyno (‘ollogtu 'l‘his moot will
be held this coming Monthly, .\'o\'. 11 in S‘yt'ncuso. A
previously scheduled moot with Sit-tin swt for last
Saturday has been cancelled by nintnstl conscnt.

Following the l.eMoync lllf‘f‘l, lllt‘ Slillf‘ i‘. squad
will prepare for the NCAA, (‘ollogo Division Moot
the frillowing Saturday, Nov. 16, in \Vliouton, illinois.

The only sour note thus for is no injury to llonnis
Tuttle, number two runner. lot has .t Hill'Itlllt‘tl ankle
and may be lost for tho l.o.\loyn«- rnn. 'l‘hiswonld
be it hnrd blow for the team, “You don’t loso :t lillllillt‘l‘
two mttll and expect the lt'illll to ho tho sumo,” coin—
mcnted Mr. Munscy.

'l‘hc order of finish
2. hintinch (I’) 25'220, (l.

w:ts: 1. Robinson (A) 34:42
'l‘iilllo (A) 33:31, i. (‘ltii‘k (Al
26:19. 5. LthkClllliitlS (l’), (3. lx’ii'ik (A), T. .lonos (1)),
8. Woodward (l’), 9. ltnhl (1’), 1f), l’i'ttdt‘llt‘ (l’),
ll. Bronson (A), 12. Mcri'inni (A).

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

TABLETS

 

 E to stay alert

without harmful stimulants

Next tiiiio iiioiioioity makes
you fool drowsy Wltllt‘ (ll‘lVilig,
Working or studying, do on
millions do . . . pork tip Willi
Built, oil'ocliwe Nol )oz titlilcts.

Aliulhai line piodtitl of Uiovu laboratories

Nollo'l. keeps you mentally
alert with the same safe ro-
lrmihor found in coffee and
tea. Yet Nol)oz is faster,
handler, more reliable. Aliso-
lutcly not liabit-foriniiig.

 

 

M

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. Novnnibor 8. 1963 PAGE 9

.. .. ..-.,..,,.,.,_,,.,.,.

 

SOCCER SEASON ENDS WITH POST

Team Up

to Win Final ‘For 109’

The varsity soccer team winds up the season tomorrow when it meets C. W.

Post, 2:00 p.m. at University Field.

The Peds will bring a 2-7 record into this

contest against their highly regarded opponent from Long island. Coach Garcia
pomts to Post’s abundance of foreign-born players as the key to its strength, but
he feels the teamwork that Albany has developed over the season is sufficient to

overcome the superior individual talent of the opposition.

“There have been only two schools that we have played that were better as a
team unit; they were Bridgeport and New Paltz,” Coach said. With the exception
of these two soccer powers, he believes that the booters outplayed every team from
a defensive standpoint. However, the lack of scoring thrusts by the offense has
caused the poor record. In the coach’swords: “We just have not had any fire power

up front.”

Teh strong defensive performances of the Peds have been led by halfbacks Fred
Rawe and Bob Seaman and fullbacks Len Bergen and Tom Flanagan. Except for
co-captain Seaman, who is a senior, all of these stars are Juniors and will be re-
turning next year. Tomorrow’s game will mark the conclusion of the college soccer
careers of two other mainstays of the defense, co-captain Gary Smith, a fullback,

and Paul Harney, a goalie.

Udo Guddat nd Ed Woner work to set up of shot at Plattsburgh
goal.

   

 

 

ttsburgh goalie

Uh oh -h".Av-M .
Goal's eye view of Plo

saves in Plattsborgh game.

making one» of his many

Frosh Seven Place Filth in Meet

('ozit‘h Minisc‘.
llllliltlhht‘tl lt‘»
Iiitiiit'c lllltl llilll

State’s ll‘osltliiuii cioss—
tt-uiti did llif‘lllht‘lit‘h pioud
lit the Viking liitifu—

[\ll'illl.
t-titfftli'.
l.i~.t S.itttitl.i\

liui‘mci’s
llil‘: lti

Illiltlll Mot-t. in .i mot-t consisting him "He thus stnooihli and has
of ll‘ll tt-nins llll"» lilut’l‘ll liiih. goodiiott-iitiiil.“ lie was ulsooptfin—
l'ho. \uoit: tho tilll‘i titeshiiitiit toniii lHllf‘ about Nmuk and \‘l'oodiitll. lie
ii. tho l‘\l‘lll lll‘lll ill llntlson \';illt~_\ lll‘hllllll‘tl [he iiiot-t its .1 fine lt’lllll
foiiiinitnity t'ollt-ittt. ulloit,

  
   

 

was puifit'ulfii'ii
lil'lllll-
say about

 

ltil'll‘hlxlll, last year’s national

Vinnie’s Sub Shop

53 North Lake Ave.
ALL KINDS INCLUDINGX

jllllliil i-ollcgt- tllilllllllttll tool. the
moot l‘.lhll\ 'l‘lioi Wt‘lt‘ followed
It. l’aiil Smiths t‘ollege and title

l‘iet-hntt-ul (.‘ollt-ge of Buffalo. lion
liuxtoi of (‘olilcslxill b't‘l uiicf i'ct'oid
ioiiipod moi llit- 55.3 iiille

as he Hot Sousa a & Hot Meatball
- 7::it' tiiiniitos. 9
“MIN 1“ l ’ HOURS: Monday fliru Thursday
Albany's lx'on liuiiiiei‘ was eighth ll a.in. 'til i ..m.
followed by totiiiiinutos Wiiyiic Friday and Saturday

'l‘honiar. who was twenty -.‘-i|’i'l)llfl. lion
Woodi tiff, l\\t,‘lll\ - ltilli'lli. llobNovuk,
fhirt_\~ionrtli illltl lib/e KUWUJElllHi’

ll a.m. 'til 2 a.m.
Sunday 4 p.m. 'iil midnight
PHONE HO 5-07l0

 

ioit\ first

 

 

Loss to Potsdam

Playing in forty degree
weather, the booters lost
to Potsdam State, 2—0, No—
vember 2, in an away game.
Both teams were severely
hampered by strong winds
and the cold.

Once again State dominated play
with a fine defensive effort, but
was. unable to score. The team’s
failure to score was due to a lack
of shots at the Potsdam goal.

Coach Garcia emphasize s the
sparsity of shots as the key to the
loss. He also points to an cXcellenf
performance by Potsdam’s All-State
goalie, lt'red Ramon, as a key factor
in Albany’s inability toscore. Ramon
shtit out the Feds scoring attack all
afternoon with fine saves andbooin-
ing kicks.

Two Penalty Kicks

Boili Potsdam goalsresultedfrom
penalty kicks. The first goal was on
an indirect kirk which caught the
'State defense unprepared. The other
goal was Scored on a free kick from
ll meters. Credit for the twooals
Went to Biii'rcnit-h.

Frosh Soccer Bows
lo RPl Frosh 2-0
Final Record 3-4-1

by Gary Hirshberg

'l‘he frosh l’eds finished the sea—
son on Uf'ltilit'l' (it), being defeated

by tho undefeated ltl’l l'rosh team
3-0. Thus the l’ods finished the
mufﬁn“ \\llli ii il—~l and 1 record.

'l'lic l’ctls field ltl’l scoreless l'tii‘
thtl first half. 'l‘hon ltl’I broke
through to more thi ill the second
liiill.

Season in Review

Although the l’ods had :i losing
season it has not indit'aiite of their
true l'llllltl't‘. l‘fJi' many this was
the first \oiii of sot-t oi. Also many
of the games were lost by one
goal.

Although mum of thopliiyvi's were
good. loiii' warranted iiiei'il.

Muuiit‘c 'l‘sotiodo. star forward,
st-oiod nine oiii of tho ionitccn
goals dui liit’, the season.

Anothci oiiciisnc 1il.iyei Worthy
of merit is Leo lioiiuldson. nick—
named ’i‘oddy lleur. Besides scoring
one goal he has been the kci man
in many assists that lime become
goals.

The tWo ('tl-(‘illll'aullh. itii-h Se.)—
munski anti .lolm Buiiiak, lia\e been
accredited With many sates that
may have led to possible goals.

Conclusion

The feature of the season was
the enthusiasm and bustle of the
squad. This season has been the
best for a frosh team since 1900.
With the synthesis of the frosh
and Varsity, next year's team looks
very promising.

  

m~viui u

 

