IT‘Y NEWS. FRI DAY. September 13, 1963 PAGE 3

rne’s Speech to Parents
aptember 13, 1963

 

 

to and skills in the non—academic area.
“he State is an institution where youngmen and women
be can grow —— intellectually, socially and spiritually.
11p Facilities are crowded here as they are in many
of colleges in the country. Buildings are scattered over
a wide area and many of them represent temporary
.ng facilities. You will hear of crowded classrooms,
er tripled residence hall rooms, congested dining Ta-
cilities and long distances between Classroom build—
to ings and residences. ‘ '
(i- The University feels that it is better to permit
ne students to enroll, despite physical plant limitations,
ig. than to deny young people the opportunity to obtain a
te, college education.
0— At the moment, a seventy—million—dollar campus
ed is being constructed about two and a half miles from
ed the present site. 'l‘hese facilities will provide the
n— most modern buildings and equipment available. Your
at sons and daughters will no doubt use this new campus:
he Getting a college education is a difficult job,par—
its ticularly in an institution where standards ofachieve—
“b ment are high. You, as parents, can help the new

freshmen to succeed. ’l‘heyneednotonly your financial

“‘1 support but also your moral support. They need en—
l‘” couragement from parents; they need genuine interest
shown in their progress.
“‘1 (‘ollege freshmen also need to make someoftheir
RV- own decisitnis if they are to grow. 'I‘hey appreciate
5%“ parental interest and guidance but they rebel against
[1" being told precisely what to do.
kt? l)on’t expect too much of your son or daughter,
01 particularly during the first college year.
.\lost parents of State’s freshmen have observed
‘3‘” their young people climb to the top, or near the top,
i1“ of the academic achievement ladder in high school.
i” .\lany are the proud parents of a valedictorian, salu-
l‘” tatorian or s<.-holarship holder.
11“ Freshnnai at the State l'niversity are capable
IFS students, but they cannot all be near the top of their
“5 clss when they are competing with more than 800
other students who were the honor students in their
"H high schools. liven in a race involving the world’s
)1' fastest runners, someone has to be last.
'1‘) Ten per cent of last year’s entering class were
'1‘ salutatorian or valedictorian of their high school
“‘1 graduating class. Almost :30 per cent of last year’s
ks freshmen class won New York State Regents Scholar—
"9 ships: 3H per cent held other scholarships.
"‘1 .\lany freshmen who earned all “A’s” and “B’s”
11V- or whose grades were “largely in the 90’s” in high
15“ school receive grades of “C” in college. Parents
should know, too, that a grade of “l)” is passing if
t" the course is not required for the major or second
1'” ilt‘iti.
1‘“ .s'oinc students will fail,'of course. (it last year’s
"' class, to students, or it percent, left the institution
“— because of academic difficulty. 'l‘hejobofthe student,
the t'niversity and the parents is to keep the number
‘5‘ oi “dropouts” at the lowest possible minimum.
"“ l‘arcnts are llt'g‘ed to communicate with the ['ni—
5" \‘ei-sitv when necessary. l’roblenis sometimes arise
‘5 that ctlcct a student’s pcrforinance. ’l‘hc l'nivcrsit'y
"M can assist your sons and daughters more effectively
' it those responsible [or counseling and advisement
are aware ot special ditl'ieulties. Academic matters
"\ lll.l\' be discussed with the Ilean, l'niversit’y College,

and non-acadcniic matters may be directed to the
i)t'1ti‘itii\‘il|tlt’lli5‘.

.\ot long alter classes begin, the Student l’er—
sonncl tittlicc will write to you asking for informa-
tion about vour new lrcshnian, l‘hc information re—
, titli'sled will be important in the guidance of students.

.\ prompt, t’tillllll'l‘ilt‘llSth' reply from you will help
the institution to help your son or daughter.

.‘\11 opportunity will be provided for you to meet
more ot the t:n-ulty and mlmiuistraiion on Parents
flay, mun-day, ttctober 15), when a program designed
particularly for you willbe offered. 'l‘he University
extends to you a most cordial invitation to attend
l’arents llay, an cVeiit that has special signifi mice
for freshmen.

in accepting your student, the Htate I‘niversit‘y of
:\ew York at Albany pledges to expend eyery effort,
to use all the skills, abilities,knowledgeandresources
available to help your son or daughter to become all
he is capable of being.

 

S
W

 

