 

  

 

     

   
  

011031"qu mméimim

(Author of “1 Was a Teen-a e Dwarf”, “The Many
Lam of Dotn'e ' is”, etc.)

 

HAIL TO THE DEAN!

Today let us examine that much maligned, widely misunder-
stood, grossly overworked, wholly dedicated campus figure~
the dean.

The dean (from the Latin Deanere—to expel) is not, as many
think, primarily a disciplinary officer. He is a counselor and
guide, a haven and refuge for the troubled student. The dean
(from the Greek Deanos—to skewer) is characterized chieﬂy by
sympathy, wisdom, patience, forbearance, and a fondness for
homely pleasures like community singing, farina, spelldowns,
and Marlboro Cigarettes. The dean (from the German Deange-
macht—to poop a party) is fond of Marlboros for the same
reason that all men of good will are fond of Marlboros—because
Marlboro is an honest cigarette. Those good Marlboro tobaccos
are honestly good, honestly aged to the peak of perfection, hon-
estly blended for the best of all possible ﬂavors. Marlboro
honestly comes in two different containers—a soft pack which
is honestly soft and a F lip-Top box which honestly ﬂips. You
too will flip when next you try an honest Marlboro, which, one
honestly hopes, will be soon.

 

“for it nuts any eye {2/ rife/z

But I digress. We were learning how a dean helps poor,
troubled undergraduates. To illustrate, let us take a typical

case from the ﬁles of Dean S .. of the University of Y.
(0h, why be so mysterious? The dean’s name is Sigafoos and
the l'niversity is Yutah.)

Wise, kindly Dean Sigafoos was visited one day by a fresh-
man named Walter Aguincourt who came to ask permission to
marry one Emma Blenheim, his dormitory laundress. To the
dean the marriage seemed ill-advised, for Walter was only 18
years old and Emma was 91. Walter agreed with the dean, but
said he felt obligated to go through with it because Emma had
invested her life savings in a transparent rainhood to protect
her from the mist at Niagara Falls, where they planned to spend
their honeymoon. If Walter called oil the wedding, what use
would the poor woman possibly have, for a raiiihood iii Yutah'.’
The wise, kindly deaii pondered briefly and came up with a
brilliant answer: let Walter punch holes in the back of Emma's
steam iron. With steam billowing back at the old lady, she
would find a rainhood very useful possibly even rssmtirrl.

Whinux-ring with gratitude, Walter kissed the dean’s l’hi
lieta Kappa key and hastened away to follow his advice and
the results, I am pleased to report, were madly successful!

'l‘oday Emma is a happy woman singing lustily, wearing
her rainhood, eating soft—center chocolates, and ironing clothes
7 twice as happy, to be candid, than if she had married Walter
. . . And what of Walter? He is happy too. Freed from his un—
wanted liaison with Emma, he married ii girl much nearer his
own age Agnes Yucca, 72. Walter is now the proud father 
stepfather, to be perfectly accurate -of three fine, healthy
boys from Agnes's first marriage lilvcrett, 38; Wilhelm, ~13;
and lrying, 5:3 and when Walter puts the boys on a lead and
takes them for a stroll in the park on Sunday afternoon, you
may be sure there is not a dry eye in Yutah.

And liean Sigafoos'.’ He too is happy happy to spend long,
tiring hours in his little office, giving counsel without stint and
without complaint, doing his bit, to set the young, uncertain
feet of his charges on the path to a brighter tomorrow.

1:; imiri M... slum...“

It i It

We don't say Marlboro is the dean of litter cigarettes, but
we're sure it's at the head of the class. (let come soon——
wherever cigarettes are sold in all titty states of the Union.

 

 

“may March 8

Elizabeth Taylor
Laurence Harvey
Eddie Fisher

"BUTTERFIELD 8"

('iiit-riinscopo t9 (‘rilril'

Page Hall 8:00

PAGE 6 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 8, 1963

Lake Minerva

To Draw Crowds

by Bill Col gun

it is with deep regret that we
note the demise of the old. simple
ways at State. and the birth of a
tourist attraction on our campi.

We speak. of course. of Lake
Minerva. the greatest thing that’s
happened to water since the Pacific
Ocean. Lake Minerva currently
lies in a solidified form on dorm
field. and at its present rate of
growth should cover most of Al-
bany within a dozen years. When
that glorious moment arrives.
Lake George will draw as many
tourists as Old Miss. and State will
have reached its desired place in
the sun.

Imagine the success story!
“From its humble beginnings as
an ice skating rink (which nobody
bothered to use.) Lake Minerva
has spread out over the north-
eastern United States. until today
it draws thousands of retired tour—
ists from Florida and sundryother
places.

in the meantime, of course.
problems will arise while Lake
Minerva is a-building. Let us item-
ize:

(1) At the current time dorm
field is covered by more than a
foot of man—made ice.

(2) When the temperature goes
above 32° ice melts.

(3) Even in Albany. the temp—
erature goes above 32°.

(4) When ice melts,
lots of water is created.

(5) Lots and lots of water has
been known to back up sewage
systems.

(6) When sewage systems back
up things get messy.

(7) When things get as messy
as that, even the Albany Health
Department steps in.

(8) When the Albany Health De—
partment steps in, things will
really get messy.

But hold, we make too much of
Lake Minerva’s drawbacks. After
all, at least dorm field will bene-
fit. Dorm field is guaranteed the
best crop of grass it'shad in years.

lots and

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

HOUSING

Two open meetings will be held
for students interested in becom<
irig resident assistants for the
1963—4 academic year. According
to ll. Keith Munscy. Housing Offi—
cer. the first meeting will be for
men applicants on Thursday,
March 14. at 7:00 p.m. in the
lower “ii” Lounge at Waterbury
Hall.

The second meeting will be for
women a week later on Thursday,
March 21, at 7:00 p.m. in activity
room ﬁll. of llrubacherllall. These
meetings will be open to all inter-
ested persons and questions per—
taining to resident assistant posi-
tions will be welcome from the
floor.

Father Describes

'l'lne followmg is anoxcci'pt from
a letter Wi'lltt'li to a new sorority
plerlgm from lii‘l‘ fuihci' rindpi'intcd
in the Spring, liltll issueof“Alphri
l’hi "

“My dear daughter.

So you are about to become an
active sorority sister, lhopc your
fondth hopes and expectations are
realized and I also hope that you
are fully aware of the. obligations
you are assuming. I don’t mean
the allegorical or moral obliga—
tions which your sorority syru—
bolizes in its inltiatory exercises.
but the higher, more lasting ob—
ligations which i envisage as your
parent.

“The obligations you are as-
suming in my judgment and think~
ing are as follows: Mother and 1
both hope that you will continue
to reflect the highest type of
womanhood . it seems to me

 

Campus Current

by Pat Jewell

"All things come to him who waits.”

Today I want to discuss something which I do not
believe is sufficiently appreciated here in the college
dorms: that unique and singular phenomenon known
as “the dinner line.” I say unique and singular because
no where else in your life will you stand in such a line
again (unless, of course, teachers’ pay gets worse than
ever and we have to go to the Soup Societies of the
Salvation Army.)

Probably most of you are already familiar with the
dinner line; winding from the cafeteria doors, up the
stairs, and along the hall, the people in it leaning
against the walls, knitting, or trying to read as they
move slowly along.

Some of you may take this experience each day for
granted now, but it is something that you will much
note and long remember as you go on in life. For
consider what would meals be like without it! And
think, you apartment dwellers and faculty, what you
are missing! Do YOU have a chance to stand for
half an hour after dinner is ready and, while your
stomach faintly grumbles, contemplate what food awaits
you? Do you realize how much better this makes you
appreciate the meal once you get it, and with how much
better an appetite you eat?

What an aesthetic experience it is when, after long
anticipation, you at last enter those sacred portals of
the cafeteria to glimpse—ah, something new every
night! It may be meat soaked with gravy, a mound of
mashed potatoes and canned peas, arranged with in-
finite care and loving individual precision on your
plate. Or it may be a pile of spaghetti with a little
circle of crimson sauce on it and two cork-sized
meatballs. Or—but the possibilities are endless, with
Friday being the most exciting night of all.

What a thrill for the student as, after waiting so
interminably long, he lifts his plate from the counter
and, trembling with tender joy (or is it hunger?) sets
it on his tray. Surely THIS is the high point of every
dorm dweller’s day, and surely he would not appreciate
it half so much if he did not have to wait inline.

I would like to end this column with a recommenda—
tion. Due to the benefits of waiting in line, as I said,
the students not only have a heightened aesthetic ex—
perience with food, but also have a heightened appetite.
This can lead to dangerous consequences: bad table
manners, or, to put it another way, gobbling the food,
which, indeed, also is bad for the digestion.

Thus, to remind the students of this danger, i should
like to see inscribed over each dining room door a
kind of paraphrase from Henry David Thoreau, the
famous transcendentalist. This would be a place for
the eyes of all to see as they pass under the door—arch
with their long-awaited tray, and it should say:

Remember: not that food which entereth
into the mouth defileth a man, but the
appetite with which it is eaten.

I’m sure these inspiring words will help them bear
their table manners in mind, and as a result put an
end to the only drawback caused by thatotherwisc most
beneficial experience, that of waiting in dinner lino.

Sorority Responsibilities to Pledge

“(‘nrtuiuly some phases of prc- realizes that people are slow to

State Undue rslty

 

 

Get Your
Son
At

St ate Fair

 

 

 

 

 

sent day morals is need changes,
but any changes which are brought
about not as the result of slotti—
fril or wishful thinking, working
and acting to bring about these
changes for the better. 'l‘bese
persons are not idealistic, but
are practical. The idealist’s
viewpoint may be something to
strive for, but the practical pertain

that in order to accomplish this.
you must never stoop to baseness,
cheap and sordid morals andprac—
tices, that you will be cheerful
and composed through all crises,
that you will realize the other
person’s viewpoint has merit
worthy of consideration, that you
will constantly strive to ascer—
tain the truth by your own efforts
and not be swayed by someone else
because it is easier and involves
less work.

air-crept change and that it is bel—
tci' to enhance these changes by
pa 1 l c ii cc and careful p l ii ii n i n g,
rather lllllli by Violence or by giv-
ing in too soon and saying that it
couldn't be done.

“Don’t let your future actions
be anything that you would be
ashamed of or that will bring
discredit on you. your school,
your sorority, your friends or
your parents, lie a useful mem—
ber of society and your com—
munity; contribute something to
their advancement and live so that
others will follow your example
and thus set up a pattern for
right living. These are the obli—
gations l refer to as being the
ones you accept above those which
bind you to your sisters in your-
sororlty. . ,

Father

 

ALBANY 3, NEW YORK FRIDAY. MARCH 15. 1963 VOL. XLIX NO. ’7

March (in Capitol Follows
Student Confederation Meeting

Members of the Confederated
Student Governments met last
Monday with Melville Abrams, As—
semblyman from the Bronx, and
Charles Henderson, Assemblyman
from Steuben, to discuss the pos-
sibility of getting the tuition bill
out of the Ways and Means Com—
mittee,

After the meeting Assemblyman
Henderson visited the WSL‘A radio
station and was interviewed. in
reference to the tuition bill he
said, “I frankly don't think that
there is much chance of getting
any bills out of committee."

Discharge of Bill Unlllroly

in order to discharge the bill
from the Ways and Means Com—
mittee either the committee itself
has to vote on it. or the Assembly
has to approve by majority vote a
motion to discharge the bill from
committee.

The Ways and Means Committee
has a majority of Republicans on it,
and Governor Rockefeller does not
want the bill to come out of com-
mittee. it is expected that the
Committee will concur with the
Governor‘s wishes.

The possibility of the Assembly
voting to discharge the hill is
improbable because a discharge
would weaken the power of the
committees. and such a precedent
is not desirable,

After their interview with As—
semblyman Henderson. lzin Leer
’64 and Arthur Loder '65 went to
the (‘apitol with ll tape recorder
to interview participants in the
protest. AFL—(‘ltl LaundryWork-
ers were present along with two

busloads of students from Geneseo,
Brockport, and some representa-
tives from Hudson Valley, Buffalo
and Stony Brook.

Union Representatives Interviewed

The union representatives did
not state why they were against
tuition. Leet interpreted their
remarks to mean that their stand
was based upon politicalalliances.

Students Demonstrate

After the majority ofthe students
had received instructions for the
demonstration in the Ritz Theatre,
they formed a double-file column
extending from the Capitol stepsto
North Pearl Street.

Some students marched around
the statue ofSheridan: otherwalked
up and down the Capitol steps; some
marched around the Capitol block,
and others through the parkbefore
the Capitol.

Senate Minority Leader Joseph
Zaretzki, Senator Bernstein from
Bronx. and Senator Joseph Marro
from Manhattan, and others from
the New York City area statedthat
they were against tuition for city
colleges and emphasized that tui—
tion must be fought in upstate col—
leges first,

Leet and Loder attempted to
enter the Assembly Chamber. A
camptain from City College told
them that the students stood along
the sides of the Chamber so that
Assemblymen would have to walk
through the files to enter. Others
picketed at the entrance in order
to attract their attention.

State Police and nine Albany po—
licemen forced some of the stu~
dents to leave.

Resolution Advocates Mature

lillll'f'
luilron

\ r'v-solnliori :irlyor-.ilirig
lli.lllll'l‘ ways of lighting
r'ulnuimlwd llil‘l‘l' li.iys of int-clings
of llll‘ l‘orrl-wlr-r‘ilml \lrrrlr-nl Hm
i‘i'iiim-nls oi lbw \llll' l'niyr-i'sily
‘\lrilill.iy

l‘ln' i'wurllilron ]).ll'll<'lll.li'l\' op~
pom-d ~u< h inr‘lhods .is llli‘lll‘lllllli
alluriron, ‘Wlllt‘ll rlsoom-ur‘i‘wd \lrrn
rl.ry, «porisorml by llll' slrilw .iiid
wily ‘llil\l‘l‘sll|r'\r of \r'\\ \‘rii'k I'll:-
ul ill'lrn‘lil llilll\'l(l|l1|l
lo swrmlor'» :irid i'r-pi‘r-soii

r-rir’lrlli‘igr'rl
\isils
l.ll|\|“‘

Other State School Acilont

llb' l'l“\i|l|ll|llll [ll'lllllllli'll llll'
(‘or'llrnd doll-rumour lo r‘Jllil‘r‘l ll\‘r‘
brow *xl'llr'rlllll‘ll lo ll'.lll5‘]k)l'| slu-
Ifr'nb In lllr' rlr-nirrnsliulioli

l'lu' ('Hllr'gl' ill l'illllt‘dlltill ii
ln‘lu‘HI-ri, llll\\'l'\i‘l', lil'lir'l'r-rlr'rl Willi
.i liriyr'rrll (if clusm'hi lri lilllltlﬁl‘ lllr'
rut Ill llil' illlilllll‘ill lo llu- uni

Vl‘l'lhly

Henderson's Speech
\ri'wr‘llllllyliidll ('lmr'lcs llt‘lllll‘i
son, lli'jllllllll‘dll, ~rpokr- :il Ibr-
l'losr-rl riim'ilngol llil’l'lilllt‘llt'l‘dlllill
llt‘lillt'l"\llll is sponsoring
slrrlr' lr'gisld

Monday
.‘1 lilll lri
lur'c llll'lh‘lllt'lltill oyr-i lullion

l’ul l'r'rra 'li-l. l’i’csidcnl ol flu:
\llmny ‘x'ludr-nl \ssor'mlioii, cord

l‘r'hllil'r'

ilml lho gl'ill‘i'dl l'l‘.ll'lliill
wars lllil llil- bill would prolmbly
not r‘rillir’ not ill ('lilllllllllr'r‘

I‘Kjlldllll'll llml .il

llil‘lllI-rl

lll‘llrlI'l"~‘.I)ll
'hougb omny rni'rirbr-ra o! lhr Ir-g
islnlurr- do not won to be ruyoli'r-d
‘.\llli llll‘ .lmisron. ln- ll‘l‘lH' tins
|)U\\'|'l' should i‘I-snlr- lll llll‘ logis-
l-illll‘l‘

\ l||,(]ril'll\' will: Irl llir' 'Jfl rii‘ .ll
mr-inlwi's of [he \\.iys .illll \ll‘.l||‘-i
('oinrnillr-r- would |u~ nr-r-rwsii'y lo

pril llll' bill on lllI‘ llooi'

Trustee: Unintormed, 'Houdlcn'
llr-rnicrson l'iilll
llii'lilt‘ll lll.ll hr- did not think llir‘
rr'nslm-s li.idr-nougli ldt‘lH wbwn flu-y
iimdr- llll'll' decision \llil‘ll ilh'kl'tl
why lhn luilion was so! ill Milli,
lll‘llllt‘l'Hliil replied, “I don‘t know
lliv whys of many things llml lll‘dll
less unil docs.”

llr- r'rililr'lillr'll llidl lhr- lrusiccs
did not realize thin-field flu-tuition
would hayr- on full students. l.risl
yr'rii', lir' sriid, they made no dc—
r'ision lir'r‘dllHl‘ lllt‘y lr-ll it too
|.ilr- in [he \’l'dl' to be l.ll|' to iii--

\ssr‘inlrlyrndri

r‘lililllig sludr-nls.
l'his your the incl-ling at WliH‘li
lln- decision was llliilll‘ occurred
cycn later iii the academic your.
llt‘llllt‘l‘h‘lill also fi-li lllt‘ li'uslccs
li.id not used yrilid inolliorls to do

 

Booths and Shows to Highlight
‘iireoian Earn’ at State Fair

Tomorrow in the lower Husted
cafeteria the curtain will open on
the annual State Fair festivities.

The opening show at 7:00 will
feature the sisters of Phi Delta.
At 7:30 the various booths will
open. From then until 10:30 one
can enjoy himself at turtle racing
or at a twisting contest.

Exchange Student
The specific purpose of State
Fair is to help support the foreign
exchange student here at State.
The student this year is a girl
from Greece. Helni D. Kalitsou-

 

State Fair Committee talks with participating groups.

(Left to

right) Barb Schuey, John Sturtevani, Libby Stroud, Steve Curti,

Skip Schrelber.

University Band to Present

Pop Concert Today in Page

The State University Concert
Band under the direction of Dr.
Anthony Salatino, Assistant Pro—
fessor of Music. will perform a
pop concert at 1 p.m. in Page
Hall.

The concr rt will include a se—
lection of familiar favorites rang—
ing from very light compositions,
many selections from Broadway
musicals, to the popular marches
of today.

PerformancOI Increase
in the past two years, Dr. Sala—
tino has carefully nurtured the
band. The membership is now up
to 75.

Tuition Fight

ll‘l‘lllllll' lhr- linzinr'iul sirilus of
students- \r-r-orduigloIIcndr-i'son.
lln'y li.isi-d lln-irlig‘rii'nson lir‘gr-nls
scholarship winnr-r's, i llii'l'l’ l'r
port-viii rd lbw sludr-nls lll\lll\'l‘ll.
Other Meetings

llil' (‘Iiiilwlr-i‘ilr-il \‘linli'iil tiny
r-i'nrin-rils .ll‘oi lili‘l \rlui'dav inoi'ii-
rug .llirl .iilr-i'noon .lllrl‘illlilldv morn

iiig.

l‘lII‘ lw‘r-iily lw'ii pr-oplr- who ll I

lt‘lllll'il llu' l'rillll‘l'l‘lll'l' i‘l‘jli’l‘ﬁl'lllr‘rl

i'lKlll ‘1l'lltlfll‘1

This year the concert band has
undertaken its heaviest schedule

ever and has received acclaim
wherever it has performed.

Students Prolud
Dr. Salatino commented that the
State students are consistently
playing on a level equal to that of

the nation‘s best hands.

He also remarked that the stu—
dents have been enthusiastic in
applying themselves to the in-
creased demands of the heavy
schedule.

Today's Selection:

Among the selections to be pre-
sented today are the ever popular
“Serenta” and George (lcrshwin's
“American in Paris.”

A special arrangement of “76
'l‘romboncs." from The Music Man,
Wlll feature the brass section.

Also included will be "Mood
Fantasy," an original composition
by Dr. Hillallno. This piece is
part of the "Symphony in Jazz”
that the band will play in their
annual concert in May.

\loiig with these and otherconi—
positions, today's concertWill feli—
llll‘t‘ iiiai‘r'li music from the pens
of John Phillip Sousa and olher
famous march composers.

Liss Arid Smith Direct Revue;

Amelie To Portray Annie Oakley

Spring is coming — and spring
dl \lbany Slain lllt'lillSillllillli'i'[M'I'
lorrnuncc from the Slab- ('olh-gy
llevn-w This year llic licyn-w is
presenting “ \nnn- Her Your firm"
a lilllSli'lil comedy by li'vuig Her»
liri Much l.ill‘lll and hard work
have i‘rilllllllli‘ll lo lllllkt‘ this show
d proriusrng success,

law loss and Sharon \‘nnlh .ll'r‘

(lll‘t't'llilg llll‘ play, .issisicd by
\nnc lligncy l'hr- lamcd \llillr'
li.iklr-y wrll be played by (‘onmc

\iin-lio, .iilll liob \\illowcr will

ctr-slur .rs Frank Ilullrr lick
l'krih'h .rrirl \i'lt'lir‘ l’ur'iurms .ll'l‘
the mah- :illll fr-nmlr- supporting

.rr'toi's

l'lu- p|.iy Will lir' [)I'i-s‘r'lili-rl on
Friday. \l.ii'<'li 22, and \‘ulul'driv
\lzil‘t‘ll L’Ii rtl Hziitl l'hcrc Will
also llt‘ a Sunday \l.il|lll'l‘rul March
'21 .il 'lell)

l‘ickcls will be on sub: in llir'
lriWr'l‘ pci'islylcs \loiidziy,
\lill'i'll lit through l’i‘iddy. \lzii‘r'h
l'hi- [)i‘lt‘t‘ oi the lir'kt'lb‘ is

from

f

.,3
1'1 23'}

l

naki.
her expenses.

All funds collected go for

The chairman of this year's

State Fair is Miss Elisabeth Stroud
'64. The treasurer is Fred Smith
’64 and the secretary is Barbara
Schuey '64.

Common
Several committees assiat the

Chairman with her work. Head of
the Entertainment Committee is
Pat Fasano
John Sturtevant ’64: Faculty. Steve
Curti '66; and Publicity, Bill Laun-
dry '66.

'65: Arrangements,

The Mr. State Fair Contest was

organized by Skip Schreiber. The

five finalists were elected from
among Don Allen, Frank Bantu.
Jerry Blair. Steve Borgoa. Andy
Cibulsky. Steve Condojani, Ted
Dusanenko, Pete Fisher. Dick
Kelly, Joe LaMonica, Ron Richley,
and Howie Woodrot‘f. Seniors.

Winner

The winner will be elected at
State Fair, The amount of money
collected will determine the win-
ner.

The pledges of APA and EEP
fraternities will work on the set-
ting up of the fair. The pledges
of KB. SLS, and TXO will work
cleaning up.

Fin"

Each group must reportbetween
11 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. to begin
setting up their booth. Any group
starting after 2:00 p.m. will be
fined $2.00.

Each group must take down its
booth by 11:30 p.m. The fine for
violation of this rule will be $5.00.

Late permissions will be sold.
The proceeds will go to the State
Fair Fund.

Wheldon Wins
Woodrow Wilson
Fellowship Grant

.\ichol;is 'l‘. \\hc|don '63, enrol-
lr-d Ill ihr- linglrsh Honors Program,
li.is been awarded :1 first your
Woodrow \\ilson Fellowship for
lil‘dlllllilt’ Study.

low-n by thr- Woodrow “llSUll
\.iiion:il Fellowship Foundation.
l’i'inr'oion, .\'.J. tho grant from
thr- I"oi‘d Foundation cow-rs tiri—
lion .iiid fir-cs .il .l graduall- St‘htilil
of the slorlr-ril's I'lllllf‘l‘, and .istip—
r'lill ol *lTilili lor byiiigr-xpenscs.

llrilu'l‘l .l '/n~gler, .ilsoasludcnl
lll llir‘ l-‘nglish Honors Program.
w.rs immod lo llir' honor-.iblr' men—
tion list by the l'rilllllliiliiill. 'l‘hv
rmrnr-s of such sludcnls .ire now
boring I'ii'r‘ulgilr-d by HIV Woodrow
\\ rlson l’r-llow‘ship l"ouiid.iliori
,irriong llir' gindualc schools ol lhr-
l lllll‘ll \l.ilr‘s' lllll f'.lil.lll.i

\ii llrigli l'.i\'loi'. l’r'n-srdr-nl «d
llll' l"l|l|llll.flllill, \.ilrl Ill inrking lb:-
.llllllllllll'l‘llll‘lll, "l'o ili ii. - l l m- sol
lilllll'~.\ril"- ind

1.473
l‘.lllrll~
rrmiiilwi's

i'lllll‘ﬂ‘l'
lilr'kl‘ll llll\
illrllllL'_ Will?
illli‘H ll.lllll'|l M in ‘Ill\
.rl {IllT r'lllll‘gi‘ﬁ‘ lll llii‘l iiilorl‘ldlcs

i‘lllllll‘lll
fir-ins \‘r'il'lﬁ

\\lll|ll'l'\' from

rod 1 .umda

ll l\ our lillllt‘ llml lhcsr- ru-w'ly-
r‘li‘l'li‘ll \\ruirll'riw \\lls'liii Follows”
will r'rililllllli' is llt'l‘lHH'I‘lV .iHij‘»
siblr lowii'd lbw .lll.llllllll‘lll oi
llil‘ l’li ll “

\\bwldori rs Slil‘t'llll‘lllY lllli‘i‘
l'hlr'rl Ill \n-lormii studies and
llioiims Hardy'snoycls.indpm-ti'y.
llr‘ li.is .ilso been studying llill‘lb
S|\‘i‘l\’ llit' \lill‘l'lr'dll lllt'i'dllll'l' oi
llu- fur-lilies In lllt‘ area of mod-
l‘l‘ll l'nglish llll‘l‘illll‘t‘ liriicsdoyce
.iiid [l.ll'll(‘lll.li'l\' lunar-gun's Milo-
rlr'l‘lljn' his Illli'l'r‘s‘l

liolli \\lll’lrlrill .llill Viriglci‘ .ll‘l‘
numbers of \rgiiuin l.iudis and
.il't‘ ill lln- [up [our Iit‘l‘l‘t'lil Ail llir‘ii'

r'liss’

