WWVMANMHW‘M'FWFWW   .

 

Who’s Fooling Monti???

If someone is trying to be funny they have a rather
weird sense of humor. We are wondering if the men of
Potter have forgotten some promises or whether they
ever made them in the first place.

We hate to bring up old subjects again, but when
wrongs keep being committed, they cannot be ignored.
It is a real wonderment why these men cannot learn
that wrongs are not going to go unnoticed.

The attempts at cleverness are rather obvious; may—
be purposely so. The INCOGNITOS, DISCUSSORS,
and the ONE-EYES should fare as well as most Potter
teams have in the past. When it was stated that they
would, “suspend all activities of the Edward Eldred
Potter Club” we must have mistakenly included AMIA
as an activity.

The Fraternity Weekend seem to lack nothingthatany
other of the Weekends included — even a very informal
party. We are not against fraternity weekends or parties
but we are against going back on ones word.

Perhaps the problems that were confrontingthe group
have been solved in which case it would seem logical
that they once again begin functioning as an active,
well directed fraternity, but if this is the case, we have
heard nothing about it.

While we realize that a minority ofthe group is taking
the problem at hand very seriously, we wonder about
the reliability of the other members word, when they
make such a joke of it.

Catalog Held Inadequate

It is indeed unfortunate that the students must rely
on the University catalog for information about the
University.

We of the State University News wish to express our
sincere desire that the catalog will be completely
revised and thoroughly re—written.

We hope the requirements for all majors and all
minors or second fields will be spelledout specifically.

We would like to see a statementofwhat courses out—
side the major, minor, and ed. courses are “C” re—
quirements. For example there is no statement any—
where in the catalog that physics majors and minors
must pass mathematics courses with a “C”. At least
one physics student was a bit surprised to find that his
I) was not as good as a friend’s C.

Perhaps it should be stated somewhere in the catalog
which courses exclude which courses. Nowhere is
it stated that History 120 (Ancient) precludes Histories
l7 (Ancient Greece) and 18 (Ancient Rome.)

In this last case several students were removed from
a course after it was too late to enter another course.
Fortunately the students involved had enough hours so
that they will be able to graduate on time, but the, situ—
ation could have led to someone graduating late.

Many course descriptions are out of date. \\'e do not
propose that teachers teach material according to out—
dated course descriptions, but that the catalog change
when the course does.

(‘ertainly a volume as expensive and involved as the
University Catalog could contain a little more real in—
formation. The catalog, we feel, has not grown with
the i'niversity.

 

 

State University NEWS

     
     

ESTABLISHED MAV TOTO
BY THE CLASS OF IOIB
NEWS BOARD

DAVID JENKS ............................................................................ .EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
LINDA LASSEL E.. ....Esocutivo Editor
JOSEPH GALU ....... .. ...............Monoging Editor
CHARLES BAKER .... .. ..PubIIc Rolotlonl Editor
SANDRA DONALDSON ............... .. ootu'o Editor
LINDA MCCLOUDH Associato Editor
ILLIAM COLGAN ....... .. Sports in»
SYLVIA LICCARDI  Businoss Editor
ANNE E. DUGAN .. Consultant Editor
LINDA P. WHITE  .................. .. Consultant Editor
KAREN SCHEINMAN .. CIICUIotIon-Elchongo Editor
CLIFFORD RUGG.~........ Advortisin Monogor

OLIVER BEAUCHEMIN .....................................Consultant Tochnicol uporvisor
EDITORIAL STAFF

.     Paolo Dulolr, Eugono Toboy

Phat rophy............ .... ..Torr RoiIIy, Poul Bochors, John Moyor

Dosh ditors..........................................Joon sfoury, Solly Hool , Patricio Jowol

Reports” ......... ...JocquoIIno Adams, Bornlco Avixo, Edith Hor y, Karon Koofor

Richard PovIIs. Patricio Libudslowski, Kit Rorog, Joanno Sobik

Assistant Editors . 

  

Colonwilus............. .........PouI Jonson, J. A. Gomos, Gory Lucsolr
TECHNICAL STAFF

Assistant Tochnicol Supo  Thomson

Tochnlcol Assistants.  Cisodlo Colbort, Judy Conoor, Donna Nolan,

Linda Stacy

“gamma m...wm..s..mrswmimt¥ ‘ '4

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 26. 1963

 

Communications

 

 

Alumna Advocates
Retention of Greeks

To tho Editor:

I am enclosing for your pos-
sible use. a letter sent to Dr.
Stokes protesting the proposal to
disband sororities and fraterni-
ties. I sincerely hope that your
newspaper is registering its disap-
proval of this anticipated action
In its most forceful tones.

Rhoda Lovin Kostonbourn '60

Dear Sir:

As an alumna in good standing
of both State College and a soror-
ity, I wish to add my voice to what
I ardently hope is a veritable de-
luge of protest against the con-
templated proposal to disband fra—
ternal organizations on State's
campus.

It Is only human nature thatwhen
the entire concept of an institu—
tion changes. the conservative ele—
ment will resist. Certainly. no
tradition need continue to exist
for its own sake only; but if there
is merit in the statusquo, this
would be seriously taken under
consideration.

According to the grapevine. the
most important reason given thus
far for the proposal to terminate
sororities and fraternities is lack
of housing facilities on the pro—
jected campus site. This isa ludic~
tously untenable alibi, probably
promulgated by those who have no
fondness for fraternal organiza—
tions on any basis.

Since “a house is not a home,"
it is perfectly clear that the em—
phasis is being misplaced to ob-
fuscate the real issues. If the
powers thatbe wouldpermitsoror—
ities and fraternities to meet in
classrooms orStudent Union meet-
ing rooms on the new campus.
there would be little need for
“houses.” Naturally. some of
the extant activities of the organ—
ization would by necessity demand
modification, but the working nu-
cleus could remain unchanged.

In education terms. "the whole
child" should receive considera—
tion. Not only do the sororities
and fraternities help to round out
the personality of the individual.
but they also help to perfect the
image of the school as a whole.
Thus far they have undeniably been
the impetus behind any of the col—
lege’s extra~curricular activities.

I speak from experience when I
state that any skill learned as a
member ofa fraternal organization
of cooperative ventures — are in—
calculably valuable in one‘s
career, especially as a teacher.

\\hile I can readily agree with
those who maintain that the govern—
ing philosophy behind fraternal
organizations is less than idealis—
tic, this is not true in State's situ—
ation. The local nature of soror~
itics and fraternities on State’s
campus precludes the discrimin~
ation, exorbitant dues, and des—
tructive pettlncsscs which domin-
ate the national groups

i'nlcss \Ibanv State is iobecome
a factory where young people will
be denied the right to become all
they are capable of being, soroi‘T-
ties and fraternities must continue
to function. They proVIdeenIhuHi—
asm, loyalty, direction. and fond
memories for those who are al~
ready affiliated It would be un-
realistic and unjust to obliterate
uxmiing ties from those who have
long ago lost most vestiges of
school spirit; it would be inex-
cusable to deny these benefits to
the generations to come,

l)r. Stokes, kindly encourage
your committee to modify, if they
must, but not to destroy, the,
warmth and vitality. thc niotiva~
lion and fulfillmentof Albany State:
its fraternal organizations.

Rhoda Lorin Kostonboum '60

 

Flncl when I asked Tor ah aparl'ment be Saki
they‘d Inaue a hard l-i‘me keepinq ‘I’Iie dorms fo'llerj
an

Vvvvvvvv

AAAA «AAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAA

"Lifo's but a walking shodOW, a poor player that struts and frets hix
hour upon tho stage and thou ls hoard no moro." Macbeth

HAPPINESS?. . . .

We understand that most of the girls were pleased with the Iii 
they received from the “purposeful” groups on campi. 'l‘he Kano
Beta cuties were really thrilled with the aerial performance of 'III‘
cuddily canines; living up to their reputation, States Liquid Souls ;ii ~
vided their dates with bronze beer barrels. Now, we said [spit oi 'in
girls were pleased: of course, If you weren’t in Chi Sig, 7\ love"
Attire was not appreciated — were those the only colors availi‘u.
Some Ever findearing People felt that favors were not SOCILIIIV' i
ceptable this year. In pursuit ofthe administration's “favor”. IN I“
gave copies of volume I of the Encyclopedia Hrittanica.

EXCEPTIONAL FAVORITISMIH. . . .

It seems that two of Mrs. Brubacher's darlings, namely .\.It
didn’t quite get their deserved publicity for their petty pilfering lli ’. v
kitchen. Girls who should set an example should be more careiul '
to get caught. You didn’t really think the pressure of the second ill '
would bother us. did you'.".’”

LOSERS WIN. . ..

Election results — this time (lrecks -— were unpredictable as v.
Gold’s premeditated backslapping won out over the l.F‘.(‘. kiiim
disillusioned many new brothers. Kampus Brethren seem iiw i
forgotten the qualities of a True Ruler and picked a figurehead I“
ning again for many offices, a capable candidate lost once in

A .

INTENTIONAL DUPLICITY. . ..

Firm resolution seemed to dissolve in a sea of innebriaiion tm
social pros at their informal party, Too bad Irosh girls couldn‘
late permissions.

0H. . . .

Roses and congratulations are extended to thoscwhowent “dew
way of the lost” last Weekend. The janitor and the it,.\, Ill'l' j)I.iIiI
to form their own dorm. A friskie Myskie plungrd into the nexi i! “
last step of eternal imprisonment — too bad the ring had to ('iisi ~ I ‘
less than We expected. A moral-intellectual victory was Won I". "’
a certain sister is now sporting a TV) pin. 'l‘elstar lost .igaa.
well, there is always the (‘lass of '67.

NEVER LET A WOMAN IN YOUR LIFE. . . .
'l‘hc notorious woman hater from the hills of lirookli‘u =
Popularity Plus“ this chk Willi (ireeks ll‘f)Illi'\’l‘I'V sorority bi" 

down his neck for souvenirs of remembrance. Iii-tier bin.’
“Junior”!
SHIRK YOUR RESPONSIBILITY... .

In spite of thr tremendous publicity for the Iroin II.|ll(lllt'I.
of the class senators intend to attend. Where are tIn~ oIbI '
supixmed rcpresrnlalivr-s‘I \\'cre tlii-veleciedIorpr-rsoii.il will “

meni" [lid they really Iool the voters" Let's hope not

QUESTION OF THE WEEK????
Which iuDoS do you trust????

College Calendar

FRIDAY, APRIL 26

 

8:00 p.ni. Waterbury Inloiinul l’uriy Knights ol I UIHI'II
8:00 pun. FOCUS on Anna Conirol

SATURDAY, APRIL 27

9:00 p.m. Wuterbury [50,.” Pg”), _V "ti: 1'
SUNDAY, APRIL 28

I100 pun, Waterbury Pitnir i’ ii

MONDAY, APRIL 29

7:30 p.Iii. Advuncod DlGlllUllt h l’luys If
TUESDAY, APRIL 30

4:00 p-“i. “UbullilII-SIUIU m. Onooniu III‘” II II
1:30 pun. Advanced Dramatic: Play: I /

 

i

xiv
x
v
I:
l
a.
s
i
i

J‘
»i

 

 

 

 

 

Budget Badly Bungled

by Josoph W. Galu

I have no single topic for my
column this week other than the
series of recent “disclosures”
about New York State’s budget.

The first of these came from
the New York State government.
This was the statement that the
new liquor fees will be collected
by a new organization.

This announcement means that
the old “tax” part willbe collected
the way it always has been: while
the new part, the “fee”. will be
collected separately by a separate
group.

This means there will be dupli—
cation of state workers and state
work. The expense will be doubled.
The only thing that will be gained
is an underlining of Rockefeller's
myth of the difference between a tax
and a fee.

Tux Doductiblo "Foos"

The second little event which
has come to my attention isthc fact
that license“fees“ are taxes. Thl.‘
little revelation came to me fron
a faculty member and from ta:
forms.

License “fees” are deductibl
as “taxes” from both state ant
federal income taxes.

The last things I shall mentior
are the ways in which the state':
budget was balanced.

In the early part of its last ses-
sion. the legislature passed a

SINA Proxy

supplemental appropriations bud-
get. The purpose was to balance
the budget year which was about
to end.

Despite this 40 million dollar
shot in the arm. two more steps
were taken at the last minute In
order to avoid the use of red ink
for the year's totals.

Poynronts Roduood

A New York City evening paper
printed a story stating as fact that
the government delayed and re-
duced payments to construction
firms doing work for the state.
The article said that the firms
involved were afraid to complain
for fear of reprlsals.

This story was not deniedby any
officer of the governor. (Perhaps
it is only my usual view on our
governor that leads me to believe
that the above action is not com—
patible with fiscal responsibility.
but I doubt it.)

Doloy of Rotunds

The last recent event I will
mention here about the budget is
the persistant rumor that tax re—
funds were held up until after it
was Clearthatthe budgctyearcould
be balanced by cuttingthe payments
to contractors and by holding tax
moneys.

During the above events Rocke—
feller was out in Nebraska and
Kansas making speeches about how
he isn’t running for President.

To Form

Student Chapter At MIT

ITho following is roprintod from Tho
Toch at Mouochusottxlnstituto of Toch-
nologyl

by Toby Zidlo '63

SINA is coming! The Tech has
been informed that (7. Clifford
Prout, SINA president, will be
coming to MIT this month to or—
ganize a student chapter here.

What is SINA" Nothing else
but the Society for lndecency to
Naked Animals. The objective of
the society is to “protectourchil—
drcn from the sight of naked
horses, cows, dogs and cats."

(‘i‘insequently. Article IV of the
society's constitution reads:

“lie it resolved that the. mem-
bers of SIN) shall devote their
time and energy to clotheall naked
animals that appear in public,
namely horses. «lows, dogs and
cats, including any animal that
stands higher than 4 inches or is
longer than 6 inches."

“('lothe \ll \ninials4llecencv
Today \lcans \loralitv 'l'omor—
row," is the group's motto.

Moral Climate
.\'I.’\'\ was formed in 19:36 when
l’roui inherited £400,000 from his

father’s will \ccording to the
terms oi the will, howchr, the
morn-v was to be spent VIIIIlIII Ill
years and has to be used for “ini—
provmg the moral climate of nine
m.ils "

I’roui immediately began
preaching for animal clothing. \I
first, people turned .i deaf car It)
his pleas “Nobody realiZI-d what
ire Ir'I‘i‘IIIIi' inorzii menaci- naked
‘iiiiinals really are." Ili‘ sai I

In laci, l’rout received .i suin—
moiis Il‘tIIII .i mounted patrolman
for speaking in New .i'oi‘k's ('cii
tral I’ark without .i permit “I

retaliated," said I’roui, “by giv—

 

j'irst60 copies turn

ing the cop a SINA summons for
contributing to the delinquency of
his horse."

l’rout believes that all animals
have a built-in sciiSe of modesty
and that they prefer to wear
clothes. Whenever he hears about
a case of “animal nudity," he
sends a letter to the offending
pc rson.

In 1959, he wrote to Northwest
tlricnt Airlines protesting the ap—
pearance of a naked horse in the
airline's show window in New
York.

David Sarnoff, board chairman
of lit‘ \, received a letter in June
from l’rout, pointingout that li(‘.\'s
trademark—a dog named Nipper—
was immodest.

Prout claims that his campaign
has just begun. “We now have
40,000 members from coastdo
coast and a Washington lobby'to
influence animal legislation."

“We distribute patterns for ani»
mal clothing through the mail, and
siNA has 14 emergency clothes—
mobiles spotted around the U. S
ready to rush into any area where
animal morality is low."

A Disaster Area

In addition to his letter—mailing
campaign. I’rout personally trav—
els to cities throughout the i'niied
\‘iatiu; in order to further IIIH
('Irillir's—lrli'vlillllllillti drive
Francisco was the site of

\an
one of his Visits last \ugiisi.
H“Lin l’rancisco is a moral dis—
.isier .irca,” l’roui declared.
“there are over 700,000 naked
animals running around loose."
“'I‘In-rc‘s i definite correlation

betwr-en this animal nakedness and
the city's high rates of alcoholism
and suicide, The sight of so many
naked animals also helps to ex~
plain why there is so much juve-
nile delinquency and adult crime."

Earn asmuch as $15
For old copies ofthe NEWS
March 15 and March29
(yellow) issues needed
$.25 will be given for each of the
cd ire-NEWS Office

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 26. 1963

 

PAGE 3

lilIllI Updike Retells Greek Myth in lhe Centaur;
Pnrtrays Unfortunate thiren As Science Teacher

by J. A. Geno:
THE CENTAUR by John Updlin, Allrod
Knopf (299").

John Updike is anextremely tal-
ented young writer who possesses
a great potentiality. Although this
comment is notentirelyoriginal, it
serves to present an accurate des-
cription of the author.

In his latest novel, Tho Contour,
much of Updike’s potentiality be-
comes actualized. Yet the move]
still remains suspended some-
where in that nebulous area be—
tween “good” and “great.”

In Tho Contour, Updike retells
the myth of Chiron, “noblest ofall
the Centaurs (who are half horses
and half men)." Chiron, who pos-
sessed the gift ofimmortality.was
wounded unintentionally by an ar-

row of Hercules.
Promothous' Atonomont

Rather than live forever in pain,
he begged Zeus to let him die in
atonement for Prometheus. 7.eus
granted his wish and “set him as
a shining archeramongthe stars."

In this modern tale of Chimn,
the unfortunate Centaur is George
Caldwell. a science teacher at
()linger High School (Olympus).
P rometheus is his psoriasis-
stricken son, Peter. Zeus is the
lecherous, g rote squc principal.
Zimmerman. who often observes
Caldwoll's classes and the budding
breasts of adolescent girls.

lie ihunders through the school;
sends lightning bolts offear at fac-
ulty members; fondles the “milky”
arms of the more attractive girls:

and makes love to Mrs. ilcrzog
(Hera). a member of the school
board.

Apporont Complication

At first glance. the structure of
the novel appears to be somewhat
complicated. Chapters writtenen—
tirely within a mythological frame-
work are interspersed with seem—
ingly objective chapters. most of
which are told in retrospect by
Caldwell’s son.

Upon closer examination. how-
ever. these seeminglyob jective
chapters fit Into the mythological
Conlem- Through the use of
indirect allusion and tagnames. the
mythological and modern world are
blended into one.

In a certain sense. the first chap—
ter is an overture to this mytho-
real drama. The stage is setwhen
Caldwell is wounded by a real and
a symbolic arrow. The “real”
arrow is a steel shaft which pie rces
his ankle. The“symbolic" arrow,
in part, is the mockery of the stu—

dents.
Tiso Aspocts

The major stylistic devices are
also introduced in the first chapter.
Caldwell appears both in mythical
and real terms. He is George Cald-
well. the awkward. good-natured,
two-legged science teacher: and he
is Chiron, the Venustempted four-
legged Centaur.

The approach to the time element
is also better understood in the
terms introduced in the firstchap-
ter. Caldwell reduces five billion
years (the supposed age ofthe uni-
verse) to a period of three days in
order to discuss the origins oflife
with his students. In much the same
way, l'pdike transports the almost

ageless myth of Chlron to three
cold January days in 1947.
Myth and Novol

In the my th. C hi ro n sacrifices
his life for Prometheus. In the
novel, Caldwell sacrifices his life
for his son. Peter. Yet in many re-
spects. Peter does not appear tobe
a Promethean figure.

The reader knows very little of
his adult life. except that he is“an
authentic second— rate abstractex-
pressionist," who lives in a New
York City loft with his Negro mis-
tress.

In no way has Peter given fireto
mankind. Living among old fur-
nishings “like a scattering of
worn-out Braques" and ina"half-
Freudian half—Oriental sex-mysti-
cism." Peter wonders “WAS IT
FOR THIS THAT MY FATHER
GAVE UP HIS LIFE?" The reader
wonders too!

Succuslul Porcoption

Although Updike may have failed
in his portrayal of an adult Peter.
he did not fail in presenting scon—
vincing adolescent Peter. He not
only makes his reader see Peter,
but he makes his reader be Peter.

One sees the snow blowing over
the “ rural darkness"; one feels the
cold bare floor as one steps from
the warm bed; one smells the odor
of medicine surrounding the Alton
cough drop factory; and one tastes
the burnt toast as one rushes to
school. In this reviewer’s opinion.
this is no small accomplishment.

t t t t t t

Many thanks to Mr. Robert Bell.
manager of the Co-op, who gra-
ciously supplied this book for re-
view purposes.

 

BOOKS

CO-OP

ask for shipment.

May be special ordered at the

TEXT and other hard rover books take about 10—20 days.
Paperback books take about 20—30 days.

There may be a longer delay because paperback

publishers will not send an order for l or 2 books.

We must build an order of some size be ore we can

 

Old edition of

: COLLEGIATE DICTIONARY

WEBSTER’S NEW

reduced to only iii/LOO-supply limiter!

 

WEBSTER’S 7th NE W mllEClA’lE DICTIONARY

$6. 75 indexed $5. 75 plain

 

 

 

 

Faculty Wives Cook Book now available @ 50¢

 

