  

PAGE 6 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 22. 1963

KB in AMIA Keg League Sunberth
Waterbury Second, Potter Third

by Gary Murdock

Kappa Beta retained its lead in the A.M.I.A. scratch bowling league witha
7-0 shut-out over TXO. The strong KB performance was led by Al Barnard
(583) and Jim Gittleman (557). KB rolled over their opponents in three straight
games, bringing its record to 14-0. Ray Lalonde set the pace for TXO witha
544 series.

Waterbury squeezed into second place by taking seven points in its match
with the Defenders. Led by Tom Jones and John Lilga, a tough Potter five shut
out APA. Jones, with a 559, and Lilga, with 544, sparked the Potter capture
of third place in the league standings. The Unknowns moved into fourth place

as they whipped the Holy
Bowlers 7-0.

Dave Roegner, bowling
for the Unknowns, im-
proved his fine 544 series
of last week by cashing in
for 589 pins. It was a good
day for Roegner and his
teammate P aul Beaudin
(567) as they ledtheirteam
to a 2650 triple.

This high has only been matched
by KB who duplicated this feat on .
the same day. '1

In the other match, the Newman
Club upset the Goobers 4—3 in a
hard fought battle. Tony Ricciat‘delli ‘,
(529) and Tim Motal (51]) led the
winners, while Dick Kimball (548)
and Kirk Ellis (544) were high for
the losers.

  
 
  
 
 
  
 

Fairbank and KB Take Honors Again

This week’s honors go to Dick
Fairltank, (Potter) 227; Dave Roeg-
nei' (Unknowns) 589; and the Kappa
Beta team (9453).

The second keg league will coin-
nieni-e this Thursday at 4 pm.
at the Platdiuni. Teams and sched-
ules are posted on the AMIA bul-
letin lvoai'd.

 

Another AMIA bowling season gets under way.

 

COLLEGE OO-OP

flit-“lint lloiist'Yt‘ni's

NOW AT STATE

A
book

that
will
make
and
alter
history

wanwi‘i: '
190R Ci I.\.\'(}lﬂ

 

l)‘r'l‘..‘lll l).

1:..illllll\\l |

    

Dwight l). l'il\t‘llll()\\i'l'

Just as in: llllJ'lt‘ America's Crusade in Europe 11w lltl millions
lll readers, 1.1M lJ'.‘.l‘,’,li' l). l'jist-tilmww tolls the stiri'. oi his lii.~.t
urltiii:,i~.lia'tm., llllillllliilllli; tour l’l ill in] out! 5 ill change tor the t‘tlllllll\
he Ht‘l‘.l“l .1in rim 'r‘.|ill‘l i.~- ll.i‘tl ill 'l‘lii‘ rltstiituiiishwl ltlhllilltill, Allan
Ninth". ltulillll‘lil'nﬁ Hllt‘ paints ll i-u: trait irl hiinwll whit-Ii lll lit'lildl
int! mt. .lli‘l twill] mimosa l unrim'inml in l’tusitluniiul lllt‘litlllltf...
.\ grim murmur] wt .1! in" filial jrlil itslwil, Mundotc for Change 13-,
Lilli‘.) 1. til i l.l11lll“l a, l‘ihfi't. I it wt ll".l'.lllli‘,', ltll'l lllle-ll rant lmirlt.
[‘— — " ~ — l-ucui i-,ii1'iiii:~;i MPH-,1. we sat l'. Mm‘ “ " "‘ " ‘1
STATE COLLEGE CO-OP
l l35 western Avenue l
| Pleaso send me copies of Dwight D. Eisenhower's I
MANDATE FOR CHANGE $6.95 per copy.
l Charge my established account. Remittance enclosed
l Home .. . . , . , . . . . , . . . . , . . . , . . . . . . . . . , ..
I Address . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . , . , . . . . . . . , , . . . . . . . . ..
City  Zone.,$tate.

L-.._________

 

 

 

HAMMING
IT UP

Basketball brings to the minds of many people
thoughts of dances that nobody goes to after games,
Doc Sauers’ charmingpersonality at the games, scream-
ing fans at all the games except for the Siena game,
and the sportsmanlike cheers that issue forth from
the State side of the Armory.

Yes, the time has come to remove the washing
machine agitator horns, drums, and bugles from
mothballs and start to limber up, This year will
bring many of the same situations that we have
laughed at and scoffed at in the past, as well as
a few new ones.

No one will ever forget the Cortland Basketball
Tourney. Just for the information of the student
body we (our basketball team) finished second. This
year attendance at post season tournaments will be
limited to dean’s list students and MYSKANIA members
only. The Dean of Students will lead the cheering
section.

We are all wondering if Dan Cunha and hisboys
have figured out a way to have Dick Crossett thrown
out of this year’s game? While we’re on the subject,
can Siena risk the Saratoga cup by having officials
that aren’t too biased?

The freshmen have never seen Coach Sauers get
red while calmly reminding his boys of a mistake
or kindly assisting a referee make a difficult call.
We are wondering when he will be taking a quart of
milk to the games.

The future looks bright. for the new frosh team.
Last year’s frosh were rather unfortunate and won
only two games. Last year wasn’t a vintage year for
freshman athletics. Good luck to the rookie squad. We
hope that the fans will support the freshman a little
more actively this season.

Desire is an important factor in athletics, and the
varsity will take this advantage into every game.
We hope that the entire student body will take an
interest in the team. They spend three hours a day
working to give you a team to be proud of. Can you
give two hours a week to support them?

The Varsity S Club has announced their intentions
of publishing a game program. it will be free and
available at the door at all home games. We are
sure this will lead to greater enjoyment of the games.

Congratulations are in order for our mighty fine
Cross Country team on the job they did at Wheaten.
The other teams at the Meet were shocked to find
that we could field such a good team without scholar—
ships.

by Ron Hamilton

 

hi

i

m: n are:

 

“Wm me: i,. ._» _. 

..,¢..

 

 

THE 640 SOUND
ON CAMPUS

WSUA

 

 

 

 

THE E to stay alert

without harmful stimulants

Next time monotony makes
you feel drowsy while driving,
working or studying, do 118
millions do . . . perk up with
safe, effective Nol)oz tablets.
Another lino pioduct ol Grove Labolaluries

Nol)oz keeps you mentally
alert with the same safe re-
fresher found in coffee and
tea. Yet Nol)oz is faster,
liaiidior, more reliable. Abso—
lutcly not liabit—forriiing.

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY MEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 22. 1963

PAGE 7

Pads 14th in NCAA MeetﬂOERS OPEN AGAINST ONEONTA OEO.4

live lettermen, Trio Starters, Return To The Rants

_ The 4th of December opens the 1963-64 basketball season at Albanv. The
initial contest pits the Feds against Oneonta State’s Red Dragons. It marks the
start of a schedule that will become more difficult. Five returning lettermen will
carry the brunt of the load for the ten man team. The cagers will be out to better
last year’s 14—12 record. They are hoping to have better luck than last year when

End Successful Season

Future Prospects Hopeful

by Harold Lynne

competing 33'3th fOlly-four schools in the colleme
CllVlSlOﬂ of the N.C.:\..~\. cross-country championshias
at Wheaton Illinois, Saturday, Novemge, 16 the pegs
finished tied for fourteenth place. The meet was won

- by a strong Kansas State team which recorded a lop-

sided victory with only 44 points.
The University of Akmn, with 174 i

South Dakota State, with 179 points, finislhidltgcgiid
and third respectively. Albany and liankato (\lin—
nesota) State Teachers tied at 331 points. Tom Robinson
led the Albany team by completing the four niile
course 28th out of a total of 316 runners who started
the race.

Team Unprepared for Course
Dennis Turtle was next for Albany in 55th place
followed by John Clark who was TSth, Ken Kii‘ik
and Howie Merriam, Coach Munsev. althouoh pleased
with the team’s performance, felt that it gould irate
done considerably better it‘ it had been better pre—’
pared for the course. He thought that the thick turf

.w_ of the course put the l’eds :it a definite disadvantage,

since they had been training on hard grass.

Royal Treatment
Coach Munsey termed the contest an excellently

E handled event. “They could not have treated us with
‘ more courtesy,” commented the Coach. “Cappincr it
, all off was the perfectly wonderful reception by :iur
 own student body “.11 the Albany Airport Sunday night,”

 said Mr. Munsey.

H ,' ' t, . .- .. , .
\ie did not thmk ‘1. such an event happening and

 just can’t put into words our feelings when we a-
. lighted from the plane to the cheers and handclaps
of this wonderful throng of students — and Mr. and
Mrs. Hathaway tool
always remember.”

 

It’s the sort of thing you will

“a

 

The story of the season: Robinson and Tuttle pulling away.

 

 

term ‘zztnrtsguuame'r‘ ‘ “ ‘  ' ~ 

 

Open Your lamhert's Charge Account

No interest or carrying charge

20% OFF ON CHARM ALLUUNT intririricanom
AU. CASH SALES

(REPAIRS
mania)

 

SiImAiuRt

    

FRANClS J. LAMBERT

Jowolol - Export Repairing
Watcher - Jewelry
239 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

Atiriiom/ioBULDVA JEWElUi

CHARGE

CARD

 

Open evenings till 9pm. Saturday till 6pm.

 

 

they lost five contests by two or less points.
Coach R. Sauers pointed out
interview with the

the strengths and weakness of the team in an
S. U. News. The team has been working out since Oct. 15th

in the Page gym “cracker box” and is presently practicing in the Washington
Aimory. The team is progressing according to schedule and appears tube in
good condition for the early part of the season. Coach Sauers praised the men
for the effort they have shown thus far. He said. “I sometimes have to tell them

 

Veteran Dan Zeh with an easy two pointer in practice.

Grapplers to Face Tough Schedule 

Board and Monaco to lead Team

by Joe Silverman

Returning to thw mats, the? varsity wrestling squall
hope to l'lt‘ltt‘l‘ last _\'vfii"< 4-8 record. For the past
month (.‘otich (itirci'i has hai th~ boys \k'OI‘klllLi‘ out
t’:\'~:l"\' afternoon. This \‘t'*€ii".’~f squad will lw lmi by
co—captain Dir-k Ronni and litigwriv Monaco and will
fetitui‘t'a new fl'iPY‘illn‘I‘S  well ‘tS se'iscncii veterans.

(tin; of thus" ‘.'t‘lt'?‘i‘til§5 is lfuccrzw Monaco. “Ewing,
(is (‘olich tiara-1'1 describes him. "win h‘inrirwi and
twenty thrw :xiun'ls of l\'."i"t."t'.ilv,” lililSllr‘l 12:". '~.'~i:‘

with 'i ill—(t Mgr-Grit in lt""t_;".lr‘ play. liv- plat-wt 
York 'I'n'ii‘z'i‘inivn'. till

i l 'l (J‘ll‘il'iii'n‘llt,

\‘tatw ("inn

-2‘~nr:~

in tho- .‘wt'.
murth 1i] Iii--

Other Veterans

to. ease off. and this is un-
usual.” The five returnees
will have their work cutout
for them, because the other
five mar. at". new and have
zeste'i under

been

219‘»‘:‘I‘

DI"? SS’JZ‘i‘.

The S'Srters

 

 

 

Ji~le .-..

"1‘ ..t‘ . u-..

 

 

 

A Ped wrestler with the advantage.

 

