 

 

  

PAGE 2

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY. MARCH 8. 1963

Suppression of Expression?

The term “publications board” has been
bandied about for almost two years now. In
that time the number of vague, unconsider-
ed purposes attached to the term has run
the gamut from one extreme to another.

The latest purpose proposed by the ad-
ministration seems to be that of censor-
ing suppression. Since W
beginning many months ago, we have
watched with deep and sincere interest
the weekly comment and expression of our
small, sensitive, sometimes strange, but
generally stirring sister publication.

We feel that suppression is answering
a need that could not be catered to in
ours or any conventional newspaper. This
need is that of a small segment of bright
young people with unconventional turns of
mind, people who can be eloquently vocal
but who do not deal in the rather prosaic
segments of university life.

These people are vividly and stiumula-
tingly alive in an intellectual sphere
that many of us will never be able to
attain. Not ability, but interest and
thought separate these few from the medi-
ocre, conforming students around them.
We feel that less independent students
have been inspired and provoked by the
new perspective.

But now what has been worthwhile to
hundreds of students may, ironically
enough, fulfill its name. Ex-president
Condojani has been caught between two
forces, “the expression of suppression”
and “suppression of expression.” He has
been shoved by “pure” conservativesinto
questioning the content of suppression
week after week.

It is unfortunate that people seeking
filth will find it, even if they have to
look under an altar cloth or between the
pages of the Bible. It seems a pretty
safe bet that such people’s morals have
degenerated to a rather low level when
they continually interpret things in the
worst possible manner.

Sensationalism has been emphasized as
part of suppression’s general immoral—
ity. We have not, however, seen any
instance in which suppression has printed
material fitting the Supreme Court defin—
ition of pornography, i.e., intending to
arouse sexual desire.

Neither has suppression printed any-
thing so “obscene” as many of the por-
tions of James Joyce’s Ulysses, required
reading for a course offered last semes-
ter. We also remember News “Com—
monstaters” who magnified and distorted
college situations until an objective read-
er would be aghast with amazement.

No hue and cry was raised against
these people who were dishonest in their
picayune way, but then it was “inside
information” rather than intelligence that

was needed for determining what they
were saying.

With indefinite rumors circulating about
a publications board, we feel that every
campus publication has as much at stake
as M We do not think that any—
one not a member of a particular pub-
lication should determine that organiza-
tion’s editorial policy. Editors of other
publications would not necessarily be
capable of determining appropriate con—
tent for any publication, let alone such
a “different” publication as suppression.

Why should the editor of the student
directory necessarily have much more
knowledge and insight about news inter-
pretation and literary expression that the
administration, MYSKANIA, the SA Pres-
ident, of Senate?

One of the most inspiring aspects of
this campus now is the variety of its pub-
lications. If we should let one group de-
termine the content of all publications,
the student body would be deprived of
the independent thinking and off—beatideas
so necessary to the academic atmos-
phere. We have fought faculty advisors;
we fight student advisors just as ada-
mantly.

An intrinsic American heritage is at
stake: Motiliw It cannot
be bandied about lightly. We of the Now:
do not feel that we or anyone else is
justified in trying to dictate editorial
policy to suppression.

We could not under any circumstances
tolerate interference withour integrity as
a self—run and autonomously controlled
news organ; we do not see any reason
why suppression should tolerate such
a challenge to its integrity. If people
are going to defend the adoption of a
publications board, we suggest that they
think carefully before determining its
function.

We suggest that such a board could
assist the various organizations on mat-
ters pertaining to financial and technical
areas of common concern. The board
could also provide a way of organizing
the various publications for represen-
tation in the proposed student govern—
ment Assembly.

We feel very strongly, however, that a
publications board should have neither
the privilege nor the responsibility of
setting editorial policy for the greatly
varying publications at this university.
We might well consider carefully a state-
ment of Thomas Jefferson:.

“Where the press is free, and every

man able to read, all is safe.”

Although greatly contested, our freedom
of the press has thus far managed to sur-
vive. Now, if only every man would learn
to read . . .

 

State University NEWS

   
  

  

  

 

ESTABLISHED MAY IOIO R t t.
BY THE CLASS OF IDTB e r a c I 0 n
NEWS BOARD

DAVID JENKS ............................................................................. ..EDIT R- . .
LINDA LASSELLE. .......Exe0cutIveCEriI'lTo’: “'0 "I the "'W' W” wish to
JOSEPH GALU.......... ....,....,..,..,M¢M inc Edna retract a portion of last woek'
CHARLES BAKER.-. ..Publlc Relot one Editor editori'l -  ‘ u U H
SANDRA DONALDS  eature Editor ’ “ “m‘mmg ““ AWN”
LINDA MCCLOUDW “new. E "0' Board.” Unfortunately, for us at
WILIVIAM COéGAN...” Sport: E Itor [Bil-SI. this board does not A l
51" IA LIC ARDI  Bullneu Editor I ('x m'
ANNE E DUGAN  Conaultant Editor

 
 
 
 
 
 

LINDA P. WHITE .... ..
KAREN SCHEINMAN.
CLIFFORD RUGG...........

OLIVER BEAUCHEMIN 

EDITORIAL STAFF

Alaietant Editore 

 
 

Phat rophy...........
Deek dltore..........................................Joan
Reportere...........Jacqueline Adamo, Bernice Avila, Edith
Richard Pavlle. Patricio Llhudlleweki, Kit Rarog,
Columniete........... .  Jeneen, J. A. Gomez, Gary Luualr

TECHNICAL STAFF

Auletant Technical 
 Claudia Colbert, Judy Conger, Donna Nolan,

Technical Aellltante.............

 

 Conaultant Editor
 Circulation-Elation” Editor
 Advertlein
.. Coneultont Technical

..   .Poula Dulah, Eugene Tobey
.... ..Terr Reilly, Paul Dachau, John Meyer
aloury, Sally Heal , Patricio Jewel
Har y, Koren Keefer

-5ueon Thomeon

Faculty Committee

We seem to have mixed it up
with the Faculty Committee on
Academic Standing, which does
exist. ilowever, thisdoesnotserve
as an appeals board to consider
individual course marks, but rath~
or to review cases where a stu—
dent's overall academic standing
is in question.

We hope no serious misunder~
standings have been createdamong
the students. faculty, or adminis—
tration.

Manager
upervleor

Joanne Soblh

Lin a Stacy

 

 

   

  
   
  
    
 
 

  

,uiﬂ

   
  

  
  

.—
s
-
~
g
o
O
o
u
e

///////////=
\\ it}?

\\ \\\
\\\\\\\i\\\\\\\\\\\\\

     
    
 

    
   

RT iy/J’
%

    

  

\\/

Sr'nnloolcl

 

 

 

“Sure we have a purpose. We. . . .ah . . . .ah . . . . Well, we. . .
And then there's always. . . . Hmm."

6W3;va "" "

“What has olt' been sold, but ne'er so well expressed." A. Pope

 

 

 

“A. LAM

FROM US TO YOU. . .

We are sorry to hear suppression say it is being Sllplll't‘skl ‘
After all, where else can we get “literature” of such high quail“.
The courage you showed in attacking the ex—S.A. President once .ig-in.
displayed the fine “taste” you have so often used in the past. You:
creed of independent literary thought has become nothing mort- 'b :r:
the most trite expression of conformity. We leave suppressiop -.\::'i
this little “teaser.” “Filth by any othername is filth just the sanu-f ! "

OUT, OUT. . . .

All is said and done! it is now time to bid farewell to our outgrow:
people of State. To Steve Condojani: a tough job executed in illt' be "
S.A. tradition. To 1) Pam Carter — once a queen always a qum -.

2) Bill Burnett — we hope frosh camp will be as well organized :tgizzt.

next year; 3) Pete Fisher — Rivalry willneverbe the same; 4) timo-
Druian — quality is its ownexpression: 5) DickKelly— we rcmcnib 1
another chairman of MYSKANIA who was considered perfect. it 
perfection must follow itself; 6) Howie Woodruff — the class oi ‘Ilt
will remember you always, as will everyone who knew you: 7) Hero
Schleifer - a place well—deserved, a job well-fulfilled: 8) (inrv l‘r‘ri
field — long service to State draws to a close; 9) Andy (‘ibulskx' r
it isn’t very easy representing State on the basketball court.  '
sparkled; 10) Connie Crowley — a fitting link in the 13 limits
ll) Connie Culver — return soon, a tremendous secretary is harvt ' i
find: 12) Pat Woinoski — as quiet as you are, your hard work Hpoiu
for you: 13) Ted Dusanenko - a fine completion of the Mystic t"
See you at Homecoming, Ted! With this we bid adieu.

RESULTS ARE THE ENDS OF HARD WORK. . .

Congratulations are in order for Pat Cerra and Nancy iizhih... ‘
We are certain the new  officers will fulfill their duties to thrr ‘
utmost. Bob Fairbanks. Norm Stewart, and our newest (‘lnss I'm
dent, Steve Curti deserve a hand of applause. We hope iii-wilt.
will give the Senate newlife. To the new MYSK.\Nl.r\, what can we -

MIRROR, MIRROR ON THE WALL. ..

instead of devoting this section to congratulating future Hlslt‘i's. '
would like to say a few words to those who did not receive invitn
You will probably overestimate the importance of sorority no-thlw ‘
ship, but true friends, whether (ireeks or not, will stand by \w: '
there is little consolation in this, we understand; but lain-rm. .
will see what we mean. Anyway, there’s always next year.

 

ALBANY STATE TEACHERS. . .
We recall a time when college students looked like collrgr Hl‘l‘l‘”

rather than refugees from the slums of Greenwich Village. It ww-
that Change in the name of our institution has resulted in a “r'lmh’n ‘
in the student dress. An eve r-increasing numbc r of dirty dUIIL'IW“
ripped sneakers, filthy cut—off sweatshirts, and other l)i‘i|llllk (It’ll-l’
have accompanist! the change in our mum-purpose unchrsity. \\.» i. ,i
this KI‘OWlni-i minority will remembe r who they are and ulmt it

represent.

LAST OF THE LINE...
It has been brief but interesting.

?OF THE WEEK....

"7 Will you wear your sneakerl to dinner tomorrow night 7??

College Calendar

FRIDAY, MARCH 8

 

 

lioo Pvmv Science Colloquium Lemur. ........................ .. Page HO“

8=00 p.m. IFG: 'Butteriield e" ................................... .. Pagetiall
SATURDAY, MARCH 9

7"” P.m. ISC Formal Dinners
SUNDAY, MARCH IO

7:30 pun Charming Club Lecture Channin H il

° ........................ .. g 0

MONDAY, MARCH II

9-l2:30 lSC Preference Blanks ................................ ..Studeni M0”
TUESDAY, MARCH 12

9—5 p.m. use an.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 13

8:00 P'm' KME Initiation ...................................... .. Draper LOUn9°

 

 

SEA Desires People With Talent;
Writers and Artists Needed

As part of a plan to revitalize
its program, Student Education
Association is presenting an op-
portunity for self-expression to
those members with some artistic
talent.

The organization needs several
people with writing skills to pre—
pare notices of meetings and re—
ports of activities for the campus
papers. Since the styles and types
of articles will be in keeping with
the stylistic tendencies of the sev-
eral publications. avarietyoftypes
of writers are needed.

Write rs are also needed to main-
tain contact with state and national
professional publications.

The organization is also inter—

ested in people who can design
posters. People are needed to
letter and/or illustrate placards
announcing me e t i n gs, speakers,
professional program, and so
forth.

Other opportunities will be
available for illustrating articles
for campus and professional pub-
lications.

Any SEA member interested in
contributing in any or all of these
aspects should contactElaine Bar-
ber Fuda by student mail or call
465—0665. Applicants are urged to
respond as soon as possible so
that an effective program can be
devised.

Colloquium to Present Speaker

Fish Tumors Topic of Speech

The 1963 Science Colloquium of
State University will present ano—
ther guest speaker today at 1:00

p.m. in D349. Dr. James W.
Atz, curator of the New York
Aquarium, will speak on “The

Biology of Fish Tumors.”

Dr, Atz received his BA from
Cornell in 1936 and has since
been employed at the New York
Aquarium in several capacities.
He is author of several papers

including “How to Confuse an
lchthyologist."

Dr. Atz is a member of several
professional societies and is con—
sidered an expert on North Amer—
ican fishes.

Dr. Paul C. Lemmon will con-
duct the Colloquium. Questions
and coffee will follow for those
interested in meeting this out-
standing biologist.

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 8. 1963

 

PAGE 3

AirForceCapwinCooocil Anti Peace Group
Tonsucampus lo Sponsor lwo Speakers

Captain Jesse C. Craver, Jr..
U. S. Air Force Officer Selection
Specialist, will visit the State Uni—
versity campus on March 15, 1963
to interview persons interested in
commission service in the U. S.
Air Force. He will be located in
Room 08, Draper Hall, from 10
to 3 p.m.

Captain Craver visits colleges
and universities in eastern New
York State to explainthe Air Force
Officer Training School Program.

Tailored exclusively for college
graduates. Officer TrainingSchool
opens the door to commissioned
service in Air Force jobs which
correspond with degrees held. in
addition, men applyingforOTS may
elect flying training either as a
navigator or pilot.

Applications may be made by
potential graduates in their senior
year, If selected, they are notified
of the field in which they will be
utilized in the Air Force and then
may accept or decline the assign—
ment.

Those who accept undergo a
three month indoctrination period
after graduation and are com—
missioned second lieutenants.

Captain (‘raver will also be
available for interviews at the
local Recruiting Office. 'i‘hose

wanting appointments should call
Sergeant W. J. MaierntHOfi-SSSI,
extension 341, or through the
Placement Office.

by lab-e Cerde“

The Student Peace Group and
Campus Christian Council are
pleased to announce that Mr.
Charles Walker. College Secretary
of the American Friends Service
Committee, will be here for a
two-day “ Conference on Campus,”
March 21-22.

He will be speaking in Brubacher
on Thursday evening andin Draper
349 at 1:00 p.m. on Friday. A
unique opportunity is offeredtothe
faculty of State. Mr. Walker, 3
very fine speaker and an inter-
esting person. would like to speak
to as many classes as possible in
the period that he will be here.

He is qualified to speak on a
variety of subjects, from religious
ethics of war and nonviolence to
life in prison (based on personal
experience as a conscientious ob-
jector) and the role of students in
the integration movement.

His topics fit in most easily to
sociology. political science, eth-
ics, economics, and religion clas-
ses. For a full list of topics and
fu rthe r information concerning
Mr. Walker-please contactBarbara
Cardell through Student Mail.

Student Peace Group and Campus
Christian Council will present Mr.
Charles Butterworth, A s s o c i ate
Editor of the “Catholic Worker”
who will speak in Brubacher next

 

Mée 52/6
taste of Springtime. . ‘ '
Salem smokes fresh and flavorful every time. Smoke refreshed

- menthol fresh - rich tobacco taste - modern filter, too

 ..  refreshes your taste
JQE‘WIIeVBTY owff
 \%/&@W-/ A Salem cigarette brings you the

.so soft and refreshing. Puff after puff...pack after pack...
...sm0ke Salem!

@1062 ll. J. Reynold. Tobacco Comp

 

'. Wimturi sirloin. N. U.

Thursday, March 14, at 8:00 p.m.
on the Catholic Worker movement.

The “Catholic Worker" is con-
sidered by most as a lay publica—
tion and is politically non-partisan.
Its political outlook on the domes-
tic scene is that of the Utopian
Socialist and on the national, it
supports aunilateral disarmament
position.

The “Catholic Worker” is both
a movement and a publication. The
banner head of its paper, a negro
and a white worker clasping hands
in front of a figure of Christ, is
indicative of its philosophy—that
of brotherhood among workers.

 

Communication

To the Editor:

in the last edition of the News,
there appeared an editorial com—
plaining about the conditions of
the sidewalks around the main
buildings. it also stated “that
the University can do nothingabout
the ice between the dorms and the
college.” But whatabout the walks
around the dorms themselves?

Take, for example, the walks
around Alden, Pierce, and Bru—
bacher. it seems they were de—
signed so that all the water from
the melting snow would collect on
them. Lurking under the water
are patches of ice and snow. Al-
so at night, the lighting on Ontar—
io Street is insufficient to see all
these “booby traps.”

At first it seemed a little ab-
surd that freshmen are required
to take swimming lessons in the
middle of winter. Now I know
why this is done. These lessons
are preparing the student for the
spring thaw when his only mode
of travel will be swimming.

 

However, with the use of some
imagination, one can pretend that
he is in Venice. Only the gon-
dolas are lacking.

Applicant tor Gondolier

i NOTICES

The Outing Club
The Outing Club is planning a
ski trip to Dutch Hill. All those
interested in going can sign up on
Outing Club bulletin board.
Fencing Society
A five man team from the Fenc—
ing Society will meet Lee Academy
on Saturday, March 9 at 2:00 p.m.
Chmnlng Club To Meet
Channing Club will meetSunday,
March 10, 1963, at 7:30 p.m. in
Channlng Hall to hear Dr. Frank
Bridge, project officer for a study
on capital punishment for the Ohio
State Legislature in 1961. His topic
will be “Capital Punishment as a
Public issue."
Canp Dipplirlll Open
Camp Dippikill will open for
general student use today. Groups
wishing to use the camp must ob-
tain application blanks at the Stu-
dent Personnel Office. Further
information may be obtained there
or by consulting Camp Board Bul~
letin Board, near the Co-op.
quo Mu Epsilon
Kappa Mu Epsilon will initiate
new members at its next meeting,
to be held on Wednesday evening.
March 13. in Draper Lounge at
8:00 p.m. Following the initiation
ce remony. graduate students inthe
Mathematics Department willpre—
sent some of their seminar prob—
lems.

 

 

Sumner Service Prolect

is anyone interested in working
with young people in the Albany
Mail Area? The Campus Chris—
tian Council is in the process of
organizing its second Summer
Service Project. Activities under
discussion include: atutorialpro—
gram. a coke shop for teenagers,
and play streets for children.

if you will be working or study-
ing in the Albany area and would
like more information, contact
Linda VanBuren at Pierce Hall or
Nellie Brower at South Park House.

 

 

 

 

 

 

.m... .x. » tea-Aing >

 

