 

PAGE 4

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 13. 1963

 

Athletics: 1920’s, Many Successes;l960’s, Fighting To Rebuild

Early Program Includes Football A nd
Hockey, Future Picture Holds Promise

 

Gary Holway, one of State's most brilliant athletes, hooks up

one of countless 2 pointers he scored in four years on varsity.

(More)...

overall scoring was outstanding(303
to only 217 for their opponents).

However, this unusual string was
stopped and it was (iiin a few years
later that the coach was forced to
say, “It has been so long since we
have enjoyed a string of victories
that memory of such an event has
become very much inildewed in my
mind."

"Doc" Takes Over
State produced little in the way of
outstanding basketball teams iititil
Dick Sauers took over as coach in
1955. The next year the team posted
a very creditable 17-5 season with
freshman Gary ilolway leading the

team in scoring. The 57-58 year
was a repeat 17—5 year with the

team averaging an overwhelming
82.2 poitits per game.

That year, State participated lll
its first post season tournament,
the Oswego State College Tourney.
The following year the team record
was 17-8 and once again Gary Hol-
way, a Senior now, led the way.
Playing four years of varsity ball,
Ilolway broke every extsting record
and captured the hearts of State
College supports.

Football Team Survived

There is probably no sport more
collegiate than iootball. Its speed,
its ruggedness, its strategy and its
color bring hundreds of thousands
of screaming studouts, faculty and
“alums” to till the spacious foot-
bail stadiums oi the nation‘s cam—
puses

It is this same force which has
motivated State’s student body tocuil
for the establishtnont oi a football
team hert- at Albany as a symbol
around which aii (:itlll‘i‘ Ulll'djl‘fs'lly
can unite.

Football Tradition
'l‘lits let-ling is not uniqtio to us
today. As a inattei o tact 1' may
llLl'.i‘ bet-n nioio imont III 1032 when
State’s litst and on], football teain
was toimed.

In litit; too loam mantich at »
iangcd .i lotii game at hodulo (in
tlitth‘t' «bins 'llt‘ sitttlotit Iliulititﬂtil Id

tht- team was lithlittli‘tlltlt' lot tttll'
tat-ting otlicr st hools and setting up
a scbtednlt-l, howoyt-t, they ywic
litlt ed to camel all the gatiics dot.-
to the itiinoi pioblotti of not botttp,
able to hold a team.

An intraiiimai piogtain betWoi-n
the trlasntw was set up and tho to st
football game of any oliicial natttto
saw the upperclassinen doieat thi-
lioin 30—0 The sport tottiained on
an iniianiui al basis until 10:12 when
.i sthedule was set up including
games wtth Union, ltochester. and
RH.

Lost: to Union
(in Uctoboi ill, biz: State's shot i—
liyed football ti adttion began with a

loss to Union ib-o, State's lone

Probably the most brilliant atti—
iete in State’s history, he was lion-
ored With a “Gary Holway Night”
at his last game. It was written
that, “The occasion will pay tribute
to a player whose stature in all
respects, appears but once in tnany
college generations.”

But. playing oit the teain that
year was a Sophomore, Doti Cohen,
who was to go on to break all but
a few of I'Iolways scoring and re-
bounding reCords.

The ’b'l-UZ team finished 19-6
and last year the hoopers were
second iii the State Tourney. Dr.
ltichard Sauers has built upastrong
basketball tradition in 8 years aitd
it may be some indication of things
to conie.

Bright Future

The University grows; its stit-
dents now pay tuition; its student
body increases and with it the num—
ber of alumni; the School becomes
multi-purpose and gains a great-
er reptitation; a modern and well—
equipped campus appears; the re-
sult may be more and better atti-
letics, even football, better equip—
ment and facilities both for the
athletes and the fans. and ait over-
all reviyal lit athlotic attitude.

touchdown came on a spectacular
85 yards end run by iiillback,(.‘aton.
It was stated that, “With the result
of Saturday’s game, (Soar-h Snayely,
who desei'y‘t-s the crodit for putting
State College on the football iitap
tor the fiist time iii the history of
the college, is contidcnt of a good
grid squad this yeai .”

State dropped the ('ainptis Ila)
gamc to RM Sill-l), and lost another
to St. Stephens (tho linal score is
not rot-ordod. biii tho hall time

score was mote than "LU-0). Ilow—
oyoi‘, tho Albao. jLiidois did inan—
ago a scoioloss tio with ltochostor.

(.‘haugioy', coticln-s I.t‘-It’l than most

modoin collogtw do attot losing a
-.o.'tsott State .icquit cd tho not \icos
of I' i'it/ \V;ll not to "domlop u lot —
tliitlul lo iootbail mat hino at State."

State lost to St, layy'icnco ill—t),
to Union Bil-t), Williams Jill—ti, and
it H Li).

Sink U. 5. Navy
Iltti all was littl lost lot the Itill[[ll
and tninblo squad pulled ibioiudi
Witlt a yo Itii ', oyei' ti team tioto tho
U. S, I)(!Sllttytil ltrock’, 12-0.

It was stated that, “tlioic is no
doubt that State Wottid have piled tip
.t titoit: tormidablo st ore if it had
not kept to tho old-tashioued de-
lensiye style ol ('oincllian football.
The iuon...moyed asthoughthenias—
tot hand of l"ritz,Wartiei', their
tiaily conch were Iioytit'liij', otot'
each one ot them."

 

Albany State has never been an
athletic power. Her teams are not
to be found in the nation’s top ten;
she possesses no ivy covered foot-
ball stadium; her most oustandlng
stars have seldom been given All-
Ainerlcan rating; site does not give
out athletic scholarships, nor does
she spend any huge sums of money
on her teams.

Yet, despite these facts, Albany
State University possesses a sur-
prisingly involved and intriguing
athletic history. Laboring under
puny budgets, a strictly academic
tradition, and administrations which
for the tiiost part have not looked
with favor on athletics, lierstudents
have fought a long battle for more
and better sports programs.

l9l6 Key Year
The student body ofthelate 1910’s
the ones who iititiated the State
College News, MYSKANIA, and sev—
eral other actiVities, were also iii-

strutnentai in revitalizing the atli—-

letic program.

 

$\3\% n

 

 

 

 

 

3 Years

The 1024 season brought fivo
lossos and a t5-t'. llt' Willi RM.

The tit-st year an ul‘lit'It’ III the
State College News mentions that
“$850 was eliminated from tliehtid—
got try Illt‘ (flopping of football."
Nothing was ewi' inontioncd as to
why this was docidod.

Since those thico btiei years of
football .iltiiost o\ct'y sports cdttor
oi the State University News has
adyoc.itt-d lilt' establishment of a
lootball team. It may soon ltt‘ ltt‘l't'.
but It Will not be tho first on
State‘s campus.

 

 

These rather rugged i

by Dave Jenks aid Debby Friedmm

In 1916, the seed for a football
team was planted. That year, State
was to have played its first football
schedule. The only difficulty was
that there was no team to fulfill
the obligations.

It was written of the phantom
team’s manager that “Manager Ho-
hause is a good diplomat, for none
but a diplomat could have secured
games Without having a team to
back him.” The first football in
the history of State took place in
1916 when the upperclassmen beat
the fresh 20—0.

This intramural program was ex—
panded to an intercollegiate sched—
tile, and in 1922 a frosh squad
played its first game. During this
initial season they took on the likes
of Union, Colgate, and Manhattan,
iiiaitagiiig to win only one game.

Hockey

A hockey team, playing its games
oti a student constructed rink, was
also organized for the first time in
1916. During the few seasons that
State’s skaters were to cut the ice
in intercollegiate competition they
lost to RPI (4-2, 4-0. 5-1) and to
the Ariity squad front West Point
(10-1 and 16—0).

In 1025, neither football nor
hockey received appropriations in
the budget and have not beenbi‘ought
back since.

Other Athletic proposals fared
differently. A tennis team was pro-
posed and organized in 1016 and is
still a part of the spring program.

Cross—country has had several
attempts to make a go of it (1920
and 1034), btit it was not until three
short seasons ago. in 1961, that it
gained a firm foothold. Since that
tiitie it has sprouted rapidly into
one of State’s most outstanding
teaitts, this year going undefeatedin
dual meets and finishing 14th in the
nationals.

Soccer Organized

Soccer, our major fall sport, was
organized in 1945). The proposition
was presented to astudeitt assembly
for funds to begin a fall varsity
sport. Soccer was decided upon
sincc its l’QIIIIJIIIUlll was iioi as ex—
I)G|lSl\‘t‘ as that for football.

In 1001, the socccrmen under
coach Joe Garcia put lttgt'illi‘l' their
best soasoii With a sparkling 8—2
record. Karl Gerstciibei‘gcr broke
the scoring i'ccord directing the
ball into the nots it} times during
the season and was named to tho
ccntor lorwurd position of tho tii’st
team All-American squad seloctod
by Illt’ U. S, couches.

Wrestling Appears

\aisity wrostling .ippt-arcd oii
tlic sports scene in I‘JE'tTi. Also,
llllllt‘l Illt' oyport coacliinr, oi tor—
“101 Inc, I‘oo wit-siting star, Joe
Utll"'lti, this squad has progressed
tar «lining its iolatiyoly short ox—
islt-ttt't‘.

ties and a victory in the three years of play.

In 1961, it produced one of tbo
area’s fittest wrestlers, Clem Crow,
Transfering froin Union Cullt‘l’c
Clem sparked the team to a T—t
record and personally finished first
in the N.Y.S. Intercollegiate Con,
ference Wrestling Tournament, in s!
41 Tournament in Ohio, second in tho
national YMCA Tournament. .tn:
even traveled to the Natiotial ton.
nametit iii Colorado.

Completing what might bo cato
gorized as State’s tninor spirits -
golf. Formed in 1960,8tate’slu.t -.
men drove and chipped thoit 
to the State championship in lttv

Baseball Shaky

The baseball team at Stato : i
had a very shaky past, ot'ton hr.
to fight for its existence. In law.
the coach ofth teaiii l't‘tittlllllltllolw.
that it be diScoiititiued. He said do
“we should train coat-hos not .I'
letes.” l'lowevdr. the students to
fused to get rid of Illt‘ sjw

In June of 1934 it again cant.- t
for question due to a ('tiilll'tt.t-! r.
over a $600 appropriation tot
sport. The team coach. thou .t M
Baker fought for its t'ttlttliill.tt.~
stating that its elimination litl
lead to a collapse of athletics bozo.
Despite dividod student tiltlidtt‘
baseball again yvon its battle,

lloweyei‘, World War II so: o
notice to the temporary eudoi i a 
ball on the Slate Campus ~
Men’s Athletic Associattoncut i:
basketball and varsity basoball ow
the sports list. It was roinstatoi
1948.

Basketball Entronched

Basketball became firml'. ~:.
trenched at State in 1010 and 
that time has probably
titost stable and successful ~th
In the. first year, the t-ntiro \ttt'b
botit collected enough monoy it .,
ll proiossional coach for lilt‘l'Li‘d“
ball squad.

Idiot. 

He was bid Wachtoi'. a It
int-inbcr oi 'l'rot’s \Vorld ('hatog
basketball squad, and oyccpt 3
short layoff due to tho 1'»
couched Sluli‘ tlii‘otiydi mind.
somewhat sitcct-ssitil l‘.tll. It

The Life lttLZO’s pioyt-tl it. :.
outstanding lt'W your. lot St.
early baskctoors. 'I'lto.
lUBS-Zt; season with it sit .ii; it
tot‘ics. In tho limit—37 son-.oi,
squad Wont utidctoatod Ill 1H t
outscoi‘ing tlit-ii l
oii the soasou.

t‘lt-ttil

(lllltltllt‘ljl"y l

The in-xt your tilt". ton'iooo:
Illt‘ll' \Vlllltlli;’, \\.i..~. t'_ttlli, ct
cludmu, a Ill—lit! otoitinio o‘
met Pl’ttklllt'lit't'. 'l‘hoii txyt l
were to ltuttinoutlt and Hi. In
\'l’llllll'(‘ (ill—1:7), (loco .i .ii. ‘

continued—col. I, this puut‘

   

 

ndividuals termed the nucleus of State's short lived lootball team. Managed "V"

 

WV vvv v vv vvvvvvv vv

BOO-WHO DEP'T:

by Toni Master and Ed Wolner

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

AAAAAAAAA- A AAA

State University’s Who's Who list is a disgrace that

must never be repeated. It’s a disgrace both for its inclusions and omis-
sions. Sotne of those seniors voted oii the list by the sttideitt body have no
more place in Who's Who than the two of us have in the Social Register.
Let’s get real! It’s bad enoughthat some people get elected to MYSKANIA,
ntust the error be duplicated? Amotigthose who were oittitted were Sharon
House and Robert Weiboldt, presidents of the 1). 8t A. Council and Forum
of Politics, respectively. We also noticed with great pain that the student
body failed to recognize Joe Gomez, the editor of its literary magazine
and the student who, for almost two years,has supplied the State Univer-
sity News with its otily quality book reviews. And how could anyone fail to
honor the outstanding actress and actor of the class, Gloria Avner and
Bob Willower, who have starred over and over again in Theatre produc-

tions for the last four years'?'?

We simply cannot fathom the utter

stupidity and narrowness of the school. One additional note: otin six out
of the thirty-three are independents, as are all ofthe above omitted

names. The Greeks stink all over for
Well, one happy note; at least Bonnie

cross liiies of house loyalty.

this: rewarding achievement should

Batchelor was vindicated for the MYSKANIA fiaSco -and then again, with
some decent reforms, it might ttoi happen again.

COMMONS— STATING DEP'T:

The Commons is so dingy it’s unbear-

able. How ironic that the Cave was whitened and brightened, inticli to the
disgust of its perennial inhabitants. while the bridge lounge and com-
munications crossroads is left mouldering in its VitllliI—lll'tleii glory!!!
The walls and tables should be painted (yes, cover all those exqujsitp

little insignia), new drapes hung.
commissioned from the art

department

prints purchased —— oi better yet,
— floor lamps installed, and

iinally, a magazine rack should be set up to display a subscription to
the 'l'i’mcs and few esotei‘ice little magazines (like \cu cu col. ), Money}?

an enlarged campus
or surplus. It’s low, we

li‘i‘oln
funds,
MYSKANIA TIME AGAIN DEP'T:

13, and it seems a few too many.
symbolism. Too iiiaity for a judicial

Court judges -— and too many for guardians of tradition

counnission

budget, tho administration’s

know, but....\votildn’t it be loverly‘.’

We’ve bet-ii thinking about the nlnttbei‘

regardless oi an\ dccp and mystical
body —— there are only ninc Supreme
which shouldn’t

have to be guarded by anyone it they are necessary and tloxible to begin
with. There is an excess of deadwood in the present MYSKANIA, and as
tar as we’re concerned, only a handiul oi our classmates deserve and
qualify for the honor. This kind of reform is haxutdous ~ men with iii,
some unequivocably good minds have been oiiiittod. Is clot-tion tho best
method? Shouldn’t MYSKANIA be more than just .i group oi “pond kids';m
We need a lot tnore discussion on this and (oh optiuiisnill) somo action.

SENATE IS A WARM YO-YO DEP'T:

tiy'cly overwhelm you (Le. make you turn grcon nudor tho gills).

is it, kiddies: Senate Stew!

Directions:

You need:
1 White Senate catildroii

:70 Senators and 5 to 10 y'o—yos.
l controversial bill

l-ill cauldron With ltot air.

Add the following:

llere isu concoction that will posi-
This

lAI Senators Worth oi piiorilo discussion
13 Senators \vorth oi interminable i'cdundiincy

it resignations por soiiiosti-r

l battered (fttjt‘. til It'o/tc/Ils It'll/t y tit lira/tr.

Heat With:

1 Senators who don’t know what they 'io \otmu oh

»I Senators who y'oto \l‘llli

3 Senators who don’t yoto.

thcii

noiuhl‘t-t (oi sistoi or brotlici)

[ct i'isc to boiling point, Stow ‘.‘.lll o.orl'lo\y t .iuldi on and scorch it black.

triticism alone. litt\\'ti\t‘l’. \\lll .btotiipii~.lt nottnin'.

discouragod -— you’yo got thioo oi

i' t't'shiiian. don’t be
Ioni nioic tin-clings lcit bciore elec—

tions. And upporclassntcn. .‘Il'lxltttli' onco said that tho Itl’ll't‘ ono pays
lot not being intcrostod lit i.'_tt\t‘llilllt‘lll is to be ruled by someone Worse

than \onrsolt. Wise Grcck.

UNPOPULAR MECHANICS DEP'T:

Studying, iII tho illil .ii . ts itin ~ wht-n

.tdl can St‘t.’ Illt‘ pl'iitttéd ltllttc. Iiutt-ly tttoi'o sci-titslolic -l PHI/1"!”-HUHII‘“!

oi unusable stttdt lamps and, to .itld to tho ll itsti .liildt
l'Ltia tillt' colds. .\nd when onc’s lot-t
ill] iltt’ Iltittl [illit‘

t:..it tablc. cultsin: muttlod suit koi !. .itid oct Li‘tltdttll
him: tako a biotik

tho. kind [it ociscl'.

.i;‘,.illil" Study

.Ili illtilt'l'tlittulli (ll
iti..ill. lt'.tt'll Illltilll'lt to tho ilooi
thotolv‘. ttti Itllt‘.‘ oil .ill tho lights at
“‘l‘hoio’stho dummy

.iinl ;’ll."t' .il tlu- t‘t‘lllill’. 'I‘lit- ltlttht‘l't

looming shoots of paint \till itist'ittiito yon.

tho News othtotialrod .ll‘ttlll iotoiniitir,

ENCORE: A ltttlo whilo into
lltt‘yll bouts. Is anything both. tlltltl' .Iltttlll it',‘ i'hoic'slilistilltll‘h I!“
ttuisoii win liosltiiittn \toiiioo should not Ito llt‘.lll“l ltlxl' Ill'ltt‘!“l“-“-"‘“"“

sccoiul stiiiiostot’.

Hm j“ NIH.“ H” H”. u],],,l](-|u_gcllmi“ (tilllt‘ lti .tti.‘.\;l'y.

on tho ltA’s .oui owinoiio olso
tl'ln-io, that should do It!) l'ho
'l't't'lllt't on this itttt't'hsttt‘t land

BOX ADDITION:

J/auae

PSI GAMMA

\ico l’iostdont Stu- Gunyan ’tt‘ft
\vtshos to .itniotmco that llll' ‘wlﬁlt‘l s
oi l‘si (lamina hayo .uioptotl .i sown
ycai old Git-tin oiplntii outncdttll‘il‘
oi. Sti'atakis.

The sisters hold A
Willi l’tiiltit‘, Monday, Ilt-ctrtiibt'l it.

I'ttllt‘i' littlll

CHI SIGMA THETA

I’i esiilt-nt Marietta ltaiiei i ’th att—
lttttttices that there Will be a l'actilty
t‘hiistinas Party at the housoSiiii»
day December 1:3 front it to 53 p.m,
A t'lii‘istitias party for tho sisters
\vtll be held 'l‘hursday night, Decent—
bei' lit.

'I'wclm is it iidicnlotisl. oatly bout,

'l'uko thr- btts and...

tiosbtticn don’t
l| Would bt- otisioi
.llttl it's dcci lodl. «list rtmiimtoi y!
(cunt il .tll'l Itoan Stokos should pot
rainlosst littb- bit oi titodoini/atiott.

.\ iolit-o ltl‘lll was llt‘ltl lust I\IIIIlv
tl.l\ tity‘ltt \\lll| 'I‘XU.

GAMMA KAPPA PHI

Ilail- lwoinnt ’tol an»
ootnut-s that tht-ic \leI be llll to,
lot that date j..tit\ at tho l'oi't Orange
tlnl-, Satin day ltocemboi l‘l. Music
\\Ill bo pioyided by John ‘l‘yo.

littt't'llllii’l to, tlieic \vill
tluistnms l’aity for the faculty of
Gainiim lx'ap.

I‘ho sislot s enjoyed .t pi/./a put I\
With the mon of Lake House on Sitti—
duy. Itot cmboi it which was followed
by .t llt!t‘ll iittiiiitic party at tlioUuni—
llIit Kill; tiotiso,

l‘i osblctit

lit' a

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. December :3, 1963 PAGE 5

Intellectual Atmosphere Ea I ll

Dr. Adams I

by Dr. Theodore Adams

For a nutnber of reasotts, I be-
lieve that our University is intel-
lectually tiiore lively that it was
six years ago.

First, as a movie—goer. Ittote
improvements. Six years ago, the
State University News had no movie
reviews, btit only a coluiiiit in which
two funny men (though they really
were fiitiiiy) Wise-cracked about
films. The space was kept open,
so to speak, while we waited for
Paul Jensen to appear and fill it
properly.

Furthermore, the two—tnovie-se-
ries — we now have three -— were
not of the highest interest. Now,

    

Dr. Theodore Adams

one tittist look twice to tell the low—
brow series froin the high-brow
ones: all three are of good quality.

New Thought

Skandalon and suppresston sonic-
tinies appear to be inurimtringtheir
last, btit we have had tlieiit, aiidboih
have helped stiiiitilate the talk which
is an important part of education.
'I‘Iitl State University News is better
than it used to be: one thinks, for
example of Joseph Gonicz’s book
rotiows last year. How interesting
and intelligent they were!

And this year’s articles on the
history of our school. . ..

Now and again there are Wonder—
iul moments in the classroom. Once
when I began a discussion of a play
yvttlt what I took to be jtist the right
question. a student interrupted
quickly to. “lint that should be your
last question. Itliiiik youshould begin
by asking...”

 

I l't‘lllelllltt‘l‘. too, a class so iii—
torestod in the Work that theyaguest

imaginable question -— even “What
would you like to say today?" could
produce a lively and pertinent dis-
cussion at the beginning of any ses-
sion. But I can't say that classes
grow livelier with each passing
year. I don’t know which year I
ought to award the prize to.

I atii not sure, but I tltitik per-
haps the dratnatlc activity at our
school has ttot improved iii the last
six years. It has always been on a
remarkably hiin level. It continues
to be so.

Improvement Necessary

But. of course, we dare not loll
oit our cultural laurels. Let us glance
next at tasks that remain. First of
all, I think the State University
News might do tnore. Perhaps it
could not review all the lectures,
concerts, plays, and art exhibits
that the city offers, but could it not
come iiiticli closer to this ideal than
it does'.’

Now that the University is spread—
ing itself all over town the Albany
Institute of llistory andArt is closer
titan ever. But I never see a student
there.

I don’t propose that all students
study painting atid become connois-
seurs (though it Wouldn’t be a bad
idea), but I’m curiotis to know Why
students don’t find lookiitg at pic-
tures and talking about them a
natural and jolly activity. I’m very
glad that students do read novels
and think about tlietii before taking
a course in novel-reading!

Students Prissy

“Our students don’t btibble; they
are so atraid of going to extremes
that they don’t let themselves care
very much about anything.” a far-
ulty wit‘e said to me the other day.

There is at least some truth in
her remark. And a number of our
students are prim, proper. and
prissy. I recall the student who re—
fused to read Mark Twain’s The
Mysterious Stranger because Satan
is a leading character iii it.

And I hato heard students do-
uouncing the shortness of fashion-
ablc skirts as though it constituted
a serious iitoral issue. Let its hope

eels Atmosphere livelier

that those of us who teach are doing
all we can to discourage such small-
mlndedness.

So long as any topics remain
marked off as unsuitable for dis-
cussion, education either stops or
takes on strange cramps and con-
tortions.

Barriers Grow

As our school grows larger, bar-
riers between students and teachers
will grow higlter. If this is not to be
so, perhaps all of us oti both sides
of the barrier will have to try hard-
et‘ than we have to preserve the
possibilities of friendship.

Perhaps we shall be more best-
taiit iii using suchphrases as"syco-
pliant of her teacher’s” and“curry-
ing favor Willi his pupils.” Whilel
may seem to be talking now about
the social aiid not the intellectual
atmosphere, I believe that I am
ending on the subject.

NOTICES U

East-West Center

The East—West Center graduate
scholarships are lteingoftered again
to American students. The centeris
located on the University of Hawaii
campus. The deadline for the 100
scholarships offered for 1964 is
January 1, 1964.

These expense—paid scholarships
each valued at about $8,500, include
round-trip travel costs and a small
personal allowance.

For full information atid applica—
tiotis forms write to Director ofSe—
lection. Institute for Studetit litter—
change, East—West Center, c/oUni-
versity of Hawaii, Honolulu,llawail.

 

WSUA
The number of the WSUA tele-
phone is 482-2843.
Individuals with questions or news
items may tise this number.

Campus Commission
('ainptis Commission announces
that all articles iii Lost and Found
ititist be picked tip by Christmas

or they Will be thrown out.

 

YUUR BUIIEGE STURE

YEAR ARUUNU
HEADQUARTERS

For Gifts At Any Season

 

STATE COLLEGE CO—OP

 

 

 

 

