PAGE 8 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 6. 1963

 

 

 

 

 

 

0!! camp“ militiade

(Author of “Rally Round the Flag Boys!"
and "Barefoot Boy With Chee ” )

 

DECK THE HALLS

 

The time has come to think of Christmas shopping, for the
Yuletide will be upon us quicker than you can say Jack Robin-
son. (Have you ever wondered, incidentally, about the origin
of this interesting phrase “Quicker than you can say Jack
Robinson”? Well sir, the original saying was F rench—“Plus
trite que de dire Jacques Robespierrc.” Jack Robinson is, as every-
one knows, an Anglicization of Jacques Robespierre who was,
as everyone knows, the famous ﬁgure from the French Revolu-
tion who, as everyone knows, got murdered in his bath by
Danton, Murat, Caligula, and Al Capone.

(The reason people started saying “Quicker than you can
say Jacques Robespierrc”—or Jack Robinson, as he is called in
Englisli-mieaking countries like England, the US, and Cleve-
land—is quite an interesting little story. It seems that Robes-
pierre’s wife, Georges Sand, got word of the plot to ititirder
her husband in his hath. All she had to do to save his life. was
call his name and warn him. But, alas, quicker than she could
say Jacques Robespierre, she received a telegram froin lter old
friend Frederic Chopin who was down in Majorca setting lyrics

 

637/ 5/26 led 2’57 C/O Win (271 ll? Wild

l"

l

 
    

Iii—"7 Tum—4:12.

to ltis immortal “Warsaw Concerto." (‘hopin said he needed
(Icorgcs Sand’s help desperately because he could not ﬁnd a

rhyme for “Warsaw.”

such an urgent request.

(Well sir, off to Majorca went (leorgcs, but before she left,
she told lter little daughter Walter tltat some had incn \vcrc
coming to u ttrder Daddy lll his bath. Shc instructed Walter
to shout ltohespicrrc’s name the moment the bail men arrived.
liut Walter, alas, had been sea-bathing that tnorning on tltc
Riviera, and she had come hotnc with a big bag of salt water
tally, and when the bail mcn arrived to murder Robespicrre,
Walter, alas, was chewing a wad of tally atid could not get her
mouth unstuck lll tiinc to shout a warning. llohcspicrl‘t', alas,
was murdered quicker than you could say Jacques ltohespicrrc
for .lack Robinson, as he is called in I‘lnglish-spcaking countries.

(There is, I am pleased to report, one small note of cltccr
in this grisly talc. When (loorgcs h‘and got to Majorca, she did
succeed lll helping (‘hopin find a rhyme for “\l'at‘suw" as every-

one knows who has heard those haunting lyrics:
In llicfoir lull'lf of ll'nrstiii',
ll'liicli .\'ripolio/i's liorsi sriu',

Slur/lug cock/ts fl/lll mussels, (llfl'fJ (Ill/'4' of)
lint I digress.

“1- Were spcaking of ('hristmas gifts. What we all try It

find at (,'hri.~fmas is, of coursc, unusual and distinctive gifts for

Naturally, (Icorgcs could not refuse

ottr fricntls, May I suggcst fht-u a carton of Marlboro ('igai'cffcs'.‘
What? You :il‘c:isloiiishctl',’ loll llflll iiol thought of .\larlhoi'os
:l.~ unusual? You had rcgardt-d thcin as familiar, i'clialtlc >Illfilx'l's

wlto.~c cxcclli-ucc varictl not oitc jot nor tittlc from ycar to ycai".I

'l'ruc. .-\ll fruc. lint all fhc smoc, .\l:il'lltoro\ arc unusual lil‘—

causc cvcry timc you try onc, if'> likc Ihc lir~f liinc. 'l‘hc flavor

nc\t-r pall~, fhc liltcr ncvci' lit’l.‘ ltacknt-yt-tl, lltc ~ol'l pack is

cvcr it iti-\\ dcligltl, and so is Ihc lt‘lip 'l'op ltov. lunch Marlboro

i~ ii friasli :tiill prlslilit: plc:i:~ul'c, null if you “not all your lrfclttls

to clap their hands and ci'_\', "lcs, Virginia, lhcrc is a Santa

('l:iti.~l”

ltoros oii ('lii'fstitiris morn.

I! i It

you will scc that thctr stocking~ :ti'c ftllt-d with .\l:il'l-

' I‘JIIJ \qu Shiiiiimu

The holiday Henson or any other season is the season lo bc
jolly ll Marlboro is your flr('ll(f. You‘ll find .Iliirlhoros ii'licr-
cicr cigarettes are sold III all li/ll/ slulcs of [he ('Iii'ori. l'oii
"cl (1 [of lo like lll Marlboro ('oiuilrp.

 

 

 

HO 5-1471

 

Writes all types of insurance

Hospitalization
75 State Street

h JUCT IN CASE YOU DIDN’T KNOW IT . . . .

ART KAPNER
LIFE —- AUTO —- FIRE

HO 2-5581

 

 

 

Fraternities and Sororities: Since 1890
The Vital Hub of State’s Social life

by que Jenks (lid Debby Friedmai

firm establishment liei‘e, they have
changed somewhat iii number and
appearance, but have maintained
their positions as the huh of State’s
social life.

The five fraternities which now
exist are the largest number If]
State’s history; however, the eight
sororities represent only slightly
more than half of the fifteen which,
in the early 1930’s, offered group
ineinbershlp to Albany’s female pop—
iilatioti.

Delta Omega was llle first sor-
orin being formed in 1890. It re-
mained the sole Sorority until 1896
when if was then joined by Eta Phi.

Since the first quarter of the
century, fraternities and sororities
have been an Integral and active
part of the Albany campus. During
the fifty or sixty years since their

 

KD Oldest Sorority

The oldest sorority on campus
now, Kappa Delta. was organized
Ill 1897 with the goal of “further-
ing friendship, loyalty, and the
development of the individual.” Psi
Gamma began soon after in 1898
and was originally formed as a
literary group.

The sororin Situation remained
unchanged until 1913 when Gamma
Kappa Phi appeared. That year also
marked flte establishment ofthe first
fraternity. Sigma Nu Kappa.

In 1916, the Gamma Chapter of
Kappa Delta Rho, a national frater—
nity, was brought to State (it was
later to drop its national affiliations
and becottie Alpha Pi Alpha). Athird
fraternity, Kappa Nu, was founded
in 1918.

Chi Sigma Theta can trace its
history hack to 1914 when if was

 

 

 

 

Slate College News Articles Reflect

H ‘ u ’s inion 0 Greeks
alj Lent 1y 0p j

The purposes and trite value of fraternities and gororifies on our
campus has been brought tip for question during the past year. llowever,
this is not something new, for the Greeks have always been questioned
b\ at least some members of the college and non-College community.
In the face of ibis roccnl upheaval III the Greek situation if is interest-
ing to note some of the opinion that has been voiced lll past years con—
cerning the f'rais and sororities at Albany.

Oct. 4, l9l6 - (the first issue of the State College News)

“There are ttow ll\L‘ sororities among the girls of State College
and al. oi them are splendid orgaitizatioits, fhrivmg and prosperous,
and doing much to make college llll‘ more college.-like...l.ei us acquaint
you also with the manner III which these sororities fiqu for the privilege
of making you one of the fold. We warn all that this is legalized warfare,
governed by a set of inter—sorority rules which are held very strict
and must he ohe\ed carefully by all.”

Nov. 9, I923 —

“’I‘hei e are fewmsfitmions toucltntgihelivesof’ihousands of individuals
concerning which more doorse \tews are field in complete stnceriiy
than college fraternities. Sonic educators, for example, regard them
as a menace Without a \lllL',lt' iodeeming feature; others secihem
a blessing to the students under llit‘ll' care...'l‘he bastc idea underlying
the lot motion of fraternities is Without doubt goodbccause ll emphaStses
the essential bond of brotherhood which should closely unifetnon
and nations.”

Dec. 21, I927 — (soon abut the [uphill ol1hc3.U scholarship inquire-
lllt'lll l(|l Holtilll'. llll'lllllt‘l'Slllll)

“The move is a big stop ltil\'..ll'fl according to I’l‘t‘\ltlf'lll .t\,ff, Isru—
bathci. He believes that tho ‘tnum purpose of soiortiios Is to piondc
Ilft‘ test housing conditions and the best possible social life.‘

" "I‘ltcso ttppiil’llllllllt‘s,' In. In ttbachcr said, ‘shottld be opcn to every
',’_lll in tho f'ollogc. cat-h noiotitt. making the choicoof incinborson

thi- lasts of poisonalit. .md ('Itlllllltill inici'ests.’ .....I)oan I’ieicc
miltl. ‘Stnct- sotoi lllf‘h aic .i .ociul group, I think If best that they
scck g'll ls who will fit into .1 .ocial group, tainot than to set-I. Ho-

callod ‘,t,i mtls' Who do not into lot that sort of Ilillit'..' ”

Feb. I, 1929 _

"'l‘nc would-be soiottt. ,’lll would not placi- too ittuch of a coin-
IllI'lt'ldl .altn- upon ‘.Itlltl|| nn-tnboishtp. Ont- gets out of utnhau
til."tl|il/dlltifi what Itllt' [dfl‘illtlivl|... l'hottitlwhots not bid must icmombor
that it is not imausc nht- In unfit If is llll'lt'l’. bot .mst I'tt‘ nrotii'.
Sv‘ilt‘llf in (“.fil‘lllldll. not.» lf'llttttldllf‘ Ihiil ininn oi tln- tfctirdon is
lilmlc upon Iilll‘.‘.llltl «lldllull flifl‘ﬁ, lllill lllltI ‘.‘.t|ll|t 1*. Id llllllltfllﬁt’l.
,‘I caioi valuc than all iln- Uff'i'lx li'llf'l insignia in tho wot Id."

i..l'l Jti~-.t been lllliflitll to 3 tt.:-.h pat tics)
unit-tom oppoiiunil‘. lot litilciulf'.

Supi. 26, I941 (fiito-ttntn-.

"l'.'.tt .tllfltl‘> ‘lll Iliil flllltl,
inch '. bot-outt- inc ll'll‘ll'l‘. ti Ito-hutch. Alii-ud. iiaiciuitv Ito-nati-
l.ill~.llit‘, of mass lraictnii n...t~.:oi.~. of the men’s dot‘nttiot t. and raucous
dimming patties as a .~.tn~.tttt.w- tot the organized itishtntt which has
been ‘lf'llll‘fl to int-in. If inc. 1 to he prcveiticd (and II mat. have to be
if fiaicinitics want to ~.tit.t.c .is organized tumpns ,ttoups),lltt’
Ilill‘.| piolout: the organi/cd tunbitn; poiiod."

Sept. 26, l947 _.

"flushing creates an unfn-alth. and unreal situation With both ftosh-
inch and sworn. Women otittlomg themselves to create .i ,tttotlllll-
pi‘essiou. 'l‘ht-sc iclaiionshtps .‘tlutlllfl be allowed to develop over a
longer period of time. As a :ﬂlllif'lul title, ll isitnponsttb-Ioi lWo
people lo become acquainted tn the few short weeks of ihc opcu rush
poi‘ltnl Wlllt all of the icslt‘ntions invol\cd to know anoint-t of not
tin-j, want to btittf themselves to each other lot the rest of Ilit'll tollegt:
caicei.”

organized as Kappa Nu sorority
(later changed because of the exist-
ence of a fraternity with the same
name). Its ideals Were “loyalty,
companionship, and sincerity.”

Beta Zeta was fortned in 1916
and Alpha Epsilon Phi was founded
in 1917. Thelatter, anational soror-
ity, was the predecessor of Sigma
Phi Sigma.

Rushing System Set Up

Now that there were eight sorori-
ties oii campus, SOllle orderlt sys—
tetn of rushing was needed. In 1918,
the first organized ruslng system
was introduced. If a girl had one
D, she was ineligible to rush.

World War I saw a curtailment
of fraternity life. Only KDII sur-
vived the conflict. However, several
new sororities appeared. Alpha
Delta Omicron (now Phi Delta) m
1924, Epsilon Beta Pitt and Gamma
Phi Sigma in 1927, and Sigma Alpha
in 1928.

Iii 1931, fraternity rushing began
to be taken more seriously when
a second fraternity, flte Edward
Eldred Potter Club appeared.

Potter Club was organized by
thirteen men who rejected the idea
of a Greek letter fraternity. The
name, suggested b\ the theuCollege
President, Dr. A. R. Brubachcr,
was chosen lll memory of a member
of the class of ’20, who was killed
in World War I.

IFC Formed

By 1936, it became necessary
to fortti the Interfrafernify Council
with the fWo existing fraternities
to keep all rushing clean. An Inter—
sorority Council was also organized
and a new system of preferential
I idding was introduced.

Sororities rapidly increased lll
number and by 1932, fifteen of
them Were actively functioning.

Fraternities did itof multiply in
number so swiftly. Kappa Beta was
organized Ill 1937. The formation
of the group was encouraged by a
need for more housing for men,
and Its first stated purpose was
to found a group house for itteit.
SLS was also organized in 1937.

World War II Worked many hard-
ships on the Greeks. Sigma Alpha
disbanded in 19-11 and b'. the close
of the war onlt sewn sororities
remained.

President Saylcs. Ill 1943, pre—
sented a plan for the fraternities
to move into Saylcs Hall and give
tip their houses because of the wax
conditions.

Dr. Savles stated that “iheadinin-
tstratiou had no desire to abolish
fraternities. sun-c ll beliovotl that
they filled a social need on catn—

pus.”
He said that the purpose of fin-
proposal for Ituictuiiics to tout

putts of tho III'W doiintioi‘. was
to prosoi 11‘ theft Illlf't’d lI‘..

KDR Becomes APA

A major chiliigt- III the itlt.llll—
/.iIllJli of tho Grid-In. was llt‘ldltlt'll
in 19:73 when KDH xvithdtcw liotn
its national affiliation and lolllil'tl
the local IiuIt-i‘iilf. Alpha l’i Alpha.
'l'bc liltillfi'lt-I loll that Ilnt national
ltl;".1Ill/tlllttll of Klill wan pi a: '1' for
facial and icln'ious tI;-,t l lllllli.lllttfi.

Soon afictwnttl, tho that.» I'm-
.l'l \ll. til New lull. 1“".llf'fl .i [if to
Initiation that all national '-ttlt-l fill".
and fiatt-tniiics would bt- ’lllflll'tl
Mom .1“ -.t.iic cantpust-n, ln l‘Jil,
cotitpl‘.iug won Ibc It-inantl Alpha
i'.p~.ilon l’hi lti'l‘.lllff' lot .ll illlll
“il'lf‘f'lt‘ll tho naiiit- Sicina l’ltib‘igiuii.

Iii lll'v’i Slflllfl Alpha II‘lllll\.llf'fl
ll‘. tltiipioi to l'lllly’ tho ntititboi of
noiotiticn to MS ptcm-nl it .md to
lJtil l'hclu .\i Illiict'u botanic ibi-
filth llfrlt‘llill‘..

With the ttninincni mom to the
how campus lard apptouthtni', thc
finictuii. and .‘utltilllt stitiatiotthar.
taken on min h pi l'illl'l .‘wltjlillli'dlit‘i',
l'lntii purposes and citso-ncc have
been biottichi up for question and
in icsponsc Iltc (itoohshatc limited
lot ihcii cause. The (liillll',l‘ in
housing fioin individual houses to
sct‘iions of tloiius ulfl‘lllh to his
only a tuinot pint of thc change
that is iapidlt octutinp. 'l'hiii'
unbnlcnt home is at lit‘hl \f'll
Int/v.

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 6, 1963 PAGE 9

 

 

 

 

 

Convocaﬁon

(continued from page 4)

were two flags — of the country and of the Presidency. reminders that
the continuity of botlt extends beyond individuals. We'do not tnottrn the
man the less if we remember that any office — even this highest
office —- is greater tltait the man who holds it.

Even though we know these things to be true, we need to remind
ourselves of our dedication to reason and to intelligence. We do
identify, we _d_o feel personal loss, we do grieve, and after grief comE
anger, and a revulsion agalnsf the sensEl'ess savagervof blind btifchery.

And this emotion. too, finds personal expression, and we let violence
beget violence as flte accused killer, yet untried, is in his turn killed.
we wlto are dedicated to the integrity and the improvability and the
inviolablllfy of the individual suffer this ultimate violation of individual
integrity -— the man, whatever his guilt. killed by a self-designated
executioner wher ottr peace officers, guardians of the orderly pro-
cesses of law, hold him.

If we are realistic, we recognize the stratum of violence that lies
all too close beneath the surface of our hard-Won civilt/ation. We
acknowledge II in our “funny” papers, our entertainment. our law-
lessness. And our hatemongers feed it, and are fed by 11, and focus
it to their ugly purposes.

We are realistic. but We are tempted alwats to forch our intelli—
gent-e and life way of t'easott.\\'eitta\ , for example, Hold to the fault lIIll\
of childishness, and bowl that all the world is rotten and that we want
to get off.

Or we may. if reason rcasseris itself. tcmcmlter that ttolont c do-
feats its own ends more effectively than llll‘.lllll|',’, else t an. lsi'uius and
Cassius brought on the very dictatorship the: feared. 'l‘hodoublc
violence of Oswald’s alleged deed and his death sitctnzthon thc dclf‘l‘v
mutation of decent men to reestablish the rule of l.t\\,oit.ider,oi
tcason.

And most important as we asseit otu common dethtation tooidci
and to reason, we reiiit-inber the ltl'itllfll‘l idealism of thcmaii'.tod
Kennedy, the convictions that moved llllll, and that claimed otn' alleg-
lance.

In the Peace torps we found tux-pressed tint ttltllt'llllttli to scivtco,
the clear consequence of the bclief that all incn .iio l-toiht-t ~.

The Cuban confrontation showed that tlcmot l.lt '. lll‘t'fl not be \actl-
lifting and weak; hete vac faced .lown aiithot lllll l.llll\lll. .n honest illll'l‘l.
with cool courage. In the Ioiub test Ian John Ix'onnod'. c-.pi t-ssod for its
all our fundamental ; cat-cablctn-ss.

And With Meredith ll. Mississippi we asst-t H‘Ilttllt t’.l§.‘.llll that because
we believe 111 God tho faint-i flu-ll all ttu-n as was of God are indeed
brothers; since clot. man has in mm something of (iod. all men are
sacred, and theft ll.tll\l'lll.li Ililt'LIll‘. is pit-t tons. To those ideals.

mt are (-oiiiinitiod. lo: lltt‘Hf' beliefs quttclttci all John Konnod', died.

Everyone glues ltl\ Inc to sotm-tbitn'. Sonn- rim l'f.‘,l[1'lll'dll_\,lll
the ceasclcss moan-t. that litmus .tt llllli. ot mote t'.ipidl'.,inihe
burning of the tint-ton. of conviction. Sonn- :l'.l' ll sudlcnlt in the
We at‘t- for—

shock of a sntpoi's :ulloi. Sonic lllf‘ll'l‘. iii'tct it LI‘.‘.ll..

innate tndoinl ll  zinc II at lt'ltL'tll of at out c, for a noble cause lll
wlnch \vi- dcepl. lcln-w.

.\s .i tini'.t-t nit ..:nt.nt'. .xt‘.flé'dtt-llllllllldl. o1j.out:. ltll‘lilll‘.lllg
'.I.'l'lf the qualitic» tt in: ‘.‘c ilbfillf‘. \‘il' atc lolit food to ti-ason and
‘o llti~ :il lll'l It'ln c ‘ .t..t t‘.‘ Wt: .Ilt‘ titlllllfl'lt‘ll III littltlc goals. .-\Ilfl
uttm ihcsc !‘ :w t .t. .n It it 'n s tomes. a fourth, ’.‘.c l..t.o, each one.
in his lllil'.1'l -,;t in: 11m oi lot! t n.it an] tin: oltlt: noon to make a

I pop o of lit-filo.

.s ‘.\c .lf’l.1.t '.l|'l,l t .l ,t f' ..s I l\'c:.:.t-tl‘., ’lii‘.1ll|li‘.‘slll'
s'toxc lItI   '.. ppo; 'Ili..‘ '1 t 1.1:;1  luff :. lo: :iinscll.
lo llf“\f' '!.i- limit" r tt~-p~ t tiltf ; mint If. .\ llll"1.l.t‘. '.‘.c lltd. lfIi't'-
ill I.i*~ ‘lt'.fllt t.htii.' a..tl "I'I to» tl :otltv :n .f'l‘ out sciacs.

l‘d'v mil in tic v. w. '- Ill or c: It: »' '. =1: ttti .imx ma: ic
f~t.. . .l\ in. st : i.ii.-..\1.--vo: n a..l um  it» techo-Hist
f'.fllll.. llt'.il 't .-.ll [1' an iftijtt17.li' ::.:b--'.ti.t- fl. ~1Ii ltlc‘v.

(.iod .’l.il.l t: .n r ' t' .l'l.,l-|': so: In tt .i.. It I tail to 'iim tlLf'».
twci ll'.t‘h lcdoatc, ' t'.~- Iliuil: mi ‘3.l‘. ‘.;.t:t li‘l Ili.il. iwrtmnl .inl
fun-ti u. tho-o- tt .i; It I t on: ~

  
 
 
   

WWWWET'T—F
Mon-Thu”. Until 9 P.M
JOHN MISTLETOE

PIIOIIOGIIAI’IIS
BEI’MBEII

 

BOOK SHOP BLUE NOTE SHOP
238 Washington AVE . m (mun AVE
noxom on» in or in
Mo 14119

 

 

 

HOME OF THE 'BURGER FAMllY’

-- a size for every appetite
Meet the 'Burger Family’——-

Mamma burger
Baby burger

Papa burger
Teen burger

“ENJOY YOURSELF. RAIN OR SHINE
UNDER OUR CAR PORT"

   Daily II amvmidnigl“

'Iust Past the Northway' Frr.«$tlt. II amft am.

 

 

 

L_

 

l uoucrs

Distributive Education Club

The Distributive Education Club
will tour the Titties Uttloti News-
paper Building on Monday, Decem-
ber 9.

The four will be conducted frotti
(3 p.m. tiitiil 8 p.m. and a guest
speaker Will present ilte Tlmes
Unlon's history. All DE Club mem-
bers participating are urgedto meet
in from of Draper at 5:15 sharp.

Basketball Dance

After the basketball game to—
morrow night. UCA Will present
an informal dance froin 19 to 12
lll the llrubacher game room.

Music will be provided by the
Dutchmen. also known as Weasel
and the \Vharltnls front Union Col-
logo.

Chemistry Club

Dr. Stephen Wiberley of the
t‘hctmsirt Department aillensslaer
Polytechnic Institute will give a
lecturi- to the Chemistry Club en-
titled “Infrared Spectroscopy” on
'l‘ucsdav December 10 at 7:30 p.m.
llI lirubacher [12111.

Dr. Wiberlev is an authority in
the field and has written a new
textbook, “Introduction to Infra-
red and llaman Spectroscopy.” Dr.
\Viberley tspreseufly associatedean
oi the graduate schot I at RPI.

All chemistry students are ill—
mod to attend this meeting. lle—
fteshmenis will he served after
the lecture.

Science Colloquium

Dr. M. Evans Monroe, Chairman
of the Mathematics Department of
the Unnerstty of New Hampshire
‘.‘.'lll gne a lecture entitled “The
Structure of Elementart I‘uncfions
— A Computer’s Eye View" onl'ri-
dax. l)ecembcr t'. at 1:35 lll Draper
3-19. All students ate lIl\lle(l to
attend this lecture.

KAPPA PHI KAPPA
Kappa Phi Kappa Will Itold its
initiation of new mcmbeison Thurs—
(lu‘. liecembci 13. The ceremony
will takc place lli Iirubachcr Hall
:11 nthU p.m. New members arc
remitted to attend.

Hillel

.>\ 'l‘ii—tfii'. llillcl Dance will he
held on Sundan. December ll. lll
lli'uf achci Hall's .\lLllli Dimitglloom
lllllll 3:150 to (122m p.m. Students
flout lll’l, L'nntn. Sicna. lliissell
Snow. and Alb-aux will attend this
"lH‘t‘dli'SIdli."

A t, huntilm: Queen will be chosen
at inc tluncc. and .1 line land \'.‘lll
filthl‘lt‘ intisit lot lllt‘ ot-tasion.
b‘cit i~~..'.llll'li|.\ w;ll to so: .cd.

.\tlllllh~)liil. ts flit. ccntsfoi mom—
l‘f'ls an»! sc.ctit.»ii'.c ccztts for

liiv,.»llll‘llll U] s.

Wall’s Subs

Around the Corner

 

from the Dorms
Open Daily
Mon—Thurs. lla.m.ll30p.m.
Fri. 850i. lla.m.—l;30a.m.
Sun. 4:00p.m.—llp.m.

27I Ontario Street J

 

 

 

1 Johnson Senate Record Indicates

liberal Civil Rights Outlook

by Joseph W. Colo

The assassination of President
Kennedy leaves everyone at a loss
for words, with a feeling of utter
helplessness.

The world’s greatest surgeon
could do nothing; the best speaker
could not find words to express
the feelings of an individual, the
nation, or himself; the World’s
strongest man could do nothing to
lend even an ounce of strength
to the President as he lay dying.

The impossibility of the task of
expressing one’s feelings in a
lttnited space forbids my attempt
to say that which I still feel. The
only profitable course is to face
the. present and future and con-
sider Lyndon Baines Johnson.

Civil Rights Record

Those who Wonder about civil
rights should remember that u was
Johnson who was the leader of the
Senate whett all modern civil rights
legislation was passed.

It was Johnson who put the Sen—
ate on a 24—hour a day schedule
tints defeating the Southern fill-
buster. Johnson, the so-called coit—
servafive, was the man who posited
through the 19:79 and 1960 Senates
the legislation which Ike vetoed as
being too radical.

I do not expect Johnson topresent
Congress with the type of legis-
lation which Kennedy presented and
which bogged Congress down to
115 present do little pace.

Kennedy's For Reaching Programs

I do not expect Johnson to cotne
up With the extremely far-reaching
plans that Kennedy had; the corps
for peace, the complete revision
of our tax structure. the complete
revision of our tariff policy, a
rather complete program for South
American and South—eastern Asian
dc\eloplnent.

Kennedy, in his two years and
ten months, presented (according
to llichard llussellhnore far—reach—
ing legislation than even I‘Dll in
lllt' Hundred Days. I\’enitedy"spro—
grants were not hastily. prepared
or presented to awildlt enthusiastic
Congress.

Kennedy’s approach was almost
cuiirelv intellectual. When dealing
ett-n with deft-use. he calml‘. quoted
statistics of We are hoot. more

capable to fight guerlllas, etc.

Approach will Differ

Johnson’s approach will combine
the Intellectuallsm of Kennedy with
a more earthy, more folksy, more
urbane style.

He will not descent to the level
of telling the American people what
they want, but. Iexpect nation-wlde
television addresses on Iifs prlority
legislation.

I also expect Johnson to deal
with Congressional leaders in a
manner tnore firm than that of
Kennedy. I feel sure that the Sen-
ate will be moving faster and
will probably replace Mansfield as
leader.

In the House. the leadership is
on its last legs. McCormack has
his last chance right now. If he
does not make good, he will prob-
ably yield to someone new. The
current llouse underlings stand little
chance of replacing McCormack.

No Problem

In general, I feel that the people
who worry about Johnson’s conser-
vatism are creating their ownprob-
leiii. Johnson started in the House
of Representatives as a New Deal
darling. This hardly reflects cott-
servatism.

ll'ts opponents in primary elec-
tions in Texas have always painted
Johnson as an extreme liberal.

My only fear is that Johnson’s
attitudes are not urban. We have
gone back to a rural President
after our first truly urban Presi-
dent in many years.

I feel that the Johnson record on
civil rights and in getting clvd
rights legislation through the Sen-
ate is a true indication of the man’s
attitudes and potential.

W

Corner ONTARIO and BENSON
FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

DIAL 4-1125
College Florist for Yeari-7 

 

 

 

 

open Your lambeil’s Charge Account

No interest or carrying charge

 

20% OFF ON
ALL CASH SALES

(REPAIRS
EXCLUDED)

CHARGE ACCOUNT IDENTIFICATIOM

 

CHARGE

CARD

 

FRANCIS J. LAMBERT
Jeweler - Export Repairing

239 Control Avo. Albany, N.Y.

AUTHORIZED BULOVA JEWELER j

SIGNATURE

Watches - Jewelry

 

 

 

open evenings till 9pm. Saturday till 6pm.

 

 

 

 

Student Organization Services

Present

Holiday Weekend

On the weekend of Dec. I4th. and I5th., 5.0.5. will present its
annual Holiday Weekend. A Roaring Twenties Dance will be held

Saturday evening at 8 o'clock. The Holiday Sing will be held at

7 o'clock Sunday evening, and a coffee hour will be held
immediately after. Check next week's paper for further details.

 

 

Iva.

ﬂ

U)

.1

14."):qu

 

