 

  

 

 

 

PAGE 6

4

onwrﬂdm

(By the Author of “Rally Round the Flag, Boys!" and,
“Barefoot Boy With Cheek.")

    
 

 

ONCE MORE UNTO THE BREACH,
DEAR FRIENDS

Today I begin my tenth year of writing this column in your
campus newspaper. Ten years is a long time; it is, in fact, what
some scholarly people like to call a decade—from the Latin
word deccmn, meaning the floor of a. ship. It is, to my mind,
remarkable that the Romans had such a word as dcccum when
you consider that ships did not exist until 1620 when John
Alden invented the Mayﬂower. Alden, a prodigioust ingenious
man, also invented the ear lobe and Pocahontas.

Ships were a very popular mode of travel—especially over
water—until 1912 when the Swede, Ivar Krucger, invented the
iceberg. Krueger also invented the match, which is a good
thing, because without the match, how would you light your
Marlboro Cigarettes? I cannot overstress the importance of
lighting your Marlboro Cigarettes, for Marlboro Cigarettes, ,
iinlighted, provide, at best, only limited smoking pleasure. i

  

on midi

I mention Marlboros because this column is an advertise-
ment, brought to you through the school year by the makers
of Marlboros. Marlboros come in s rl't pack or Flip—Top box.
The makers of Marlboros come in dark suits with thin lapels
——except on weekends when they come in yoke-neck jerseys
and white duck trousers. White ducks come in flocks. They are
primarily fresh water dwellers, although they have been suc~
cessfully raised in salt water too. Another salt water dcnizen
I'm sure you will find enjoyable is plankton- a mess of" tiny
organisms like diatoms and algae and like that which float
sluggishly near the surface of the sea. it is ironic that these
creatures, microscopic in size, should supply the principal
source of food for the earth's largest animal, the whale. Whales,

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 27» 1963

The American Forum

 

 

 

I must say, are not. at all pleased with this arrangement, be,-
cause it takes the average whale, eating steadily, lts‘ hours to
gather a day's meal. This leaves them almost no time for
water sports or reading Melville. It is a lucky thing for all of
us that whales are unaware they are mammals, not fish, and
could, if they tried, live just as well on land as in water. i
mean, you add ten or twelve million whales to our Sunday
traflic and you wmild have congestion that makes the mind
boggle.

liuf I digress. 'l'oday, l was saying, i begin my tcnth _\'c:il‘ of
writing this column for Marlboro (‘igarcttes in your campus
newspaper. I will, in each column, say a few kind words about
Marlboros just as you will, once you try that fine tobacco
flavor, that pristine white filter, that supple soft pack, that
infrangihlc Hip-Top box. 'l'lrcsc references to Marlboro will be
bricf' and unobtrusive, for I do not believe in the hard sell.
What l favor is the sol't sell you might even call if the loop
or spongy >t'll. l liastcii to statc that the llililx't‘l'r ol- .\l.‘il'lliirl'll
in ten full years haw not once complained about my tll‘\lllit_;|“\'
sales approach Neither ha\c they paid me,

liut that is of' >llllfll conscrpicncc. .\>lllf‘ from fleeting incnl ions
of Marlboro, this column has anol her, and more urgent, mission:
to cast the hot white light. of. free inrpnry upon thc \‘1'.\lllll
questions that, trouble college America questions like "Should
the Student, (‘oimcil have the power to levy tarifl's'.’ and "Are
roommates srririlrrry'“' and "Should boost-mothers be coin-
pcllcd to retire upon reaching the age of Zn?”

l'crhaps, reasoning together, we can find the answers. l‘cr—
haps not. lint if we fail, let it never be said that it was for
want of trying.

l thank you.

" limit Max Hhulrnnn
# 4‘ t

The makers of Marlboro are happy to bring you another
gear 0/ Max Shulnian's unpredictable and uncensored col-
umn-rand also happy to bring you line filtered Marlboros,
available in pack or box, u'hcreeer cigarettes are sold in all
50 slates.

 

.40.”.-. .. ..__....._._ _ _ . _.w .J

“colorant.

every Wednesday at
12:15 p.m.

Sponsored by the '

Campus Christian Council

at the

Unitarian Church, Washington Ave.

 

 

Senate Ratification of Test Ban Pact Fools Delight;
Russians Cain Big Edge liver us. in iroaly

by J. Roger Lee

If a group of men stated that they
fully stood for the destruction of
another group’s ideals and not only
saw this end as inevitable, but were
doing everything they could to effect
it as soon as possible. it would cer-
tainly be foolhardy for the proposed
victims to join with them in a pact
which would remain binding only so
long as it did not jeopardize their
supreme interest.

Yet is it just this action that the
United States Senate is contemplat—
ing at the time of this writing.

Eleven days before the initialing
of" the Nuclear Test
Ban Pact the Soviet
Communist Party, in
the July 14, 1963 edi—
tion of Izvestia, de-
clared: “we fully
stand for the destruc-
tion of imperialism
and capitalism.

We not only believe in the iii—
evitable destruction of capitalism
but are doing everything for this to
be accomplished as soon as pos-
sible.”

Great Danger

Article IV of the Test Ban Treaty
states, “Each party shall ...have
the right to withdraw from the
treaty if lf decides that extraordi-
nary events, related to the subject
matter of this Treaty, havejeopard-
ixed the supreme interests of its
country.”

l’ast actions of' the Sovret Union
indicate that the last should be
read "the U.S.S.R. will withdraw

l

I ___ “an”--. __ __

5’

I babies for Fun I

      

When Godiva. that famed lady lair,
told her husband. “I've nothing to wear."
With his Swinzllne to hand,
lie stapled a band

And said. "Wear this, my dear. in your hair!"

Swlliﬁtl“

4 .

   

(lncluamﬂ I000 staples)
" Larger 5m: uuu Desk
Stapler only “.49

No bigger than a pack of gum

I Unconditionally guaranteedl

c Refills available ariywnerel

o diet It at any stationery.
variety, or book slore!

. Send Ill yOUl own Smuglmu i‘ul‘rle
Ville: tor ihose used

 me. tONC ISiAnD car i, u v.
, Mi

 

 

 

from the treaty when said treaty
no longer advances the destruction
of the free world’.

The folly of American ratification
is compOUnded however.Since Corn-
munist China is not included in the
treaty, the U. .S.R. can use Chinese
territory and facilities to test inthe
atmosphere without tl.e free World
being able to prove it a Russian
Venture.

Dr. Edward Teller, who, on two
prior occasions, has been right
concerning weapons development
while the powers that be werewrong,
has pointed out that the treaty, among

other things. cannot be policed,

Hurts U. S.

It conserves Russia’s advantage in
high inegalon bombs, keeps us from
making necessary tests of our Miri—
uteman missile sites, impedes our
development of an anti—missile de-
fense, is ambiguous coircerningpro—
ject plowshare, and keeps us from
using nuclear weapons in small scale
wars.

Generals ’l‘winiiig.'l‘aylm‘, le May,
Schriever. and Power, and Admirals
ilurke and Radford have expressed
dissatisfaction with the treaty.

'I‘hese dissatisfactions range from
Taylor’s assertion that the Russians
would cheat by clandestinetesting-to
Twming’s. “This treaty is not ill the
best interest of our national secur—
to.”

The Joint Chiefs of Staff collec—
ti\el\ gaveonlyhall-heartedsupport
and predicated that on the initiation
of certain safeguards.

Tire Senate Preparedness Sub-
L‘onunittee withheld support as did
Senator Richard Russell, chairman
of the Armed Services Committee.

Kennedy Hedges

l’resulent Kennedy, in his letter
of “unqualified and unequivocal as—
surances to the members of ill('
Senate” talked around some of the
objections listed above iii an ain—
biguous fashion.

for example, to the charge that
we cannot detect unlawful tests be—
cause of' inadequate detection de-
vices, the President said. "Our

Current Comment

 

facilities for the detection of pos-
sible violation of this treaty will be
expanded and improved as required
to increase our assurance against
clandestine violations by others.”

This could mean that the presi-
dent either intends to rectify the
situation or make the most meager
improvement in our detection sys-
tem. Either extreme would be enough
to “increase our assurance.”

Fool's Dream

liven supporters of the treaty
are apathetic. At least three of the
votes now committed in t'aVor of
the treaty, those of Senators Mil-
ler, lirvin, and Jackson. are those
of men who disapprove of the treaty
itself.

They are endorsing it in the ap-
parent hope that the peace we all
So desperately want will somehow
evolve if we act as if it is here
already.

However. as Senator Goldwater
has pointed out on one side is the
hard, cold fact that the Soviet Union
is trying to destroy us and that this
treaty makes that end more attain-
able for them.

On the other side is the hope that
somehow this ugly reality will be
suspended if" the Senators act as if
it does not exist. Thelatteraltei'na-
tive, pleasing as it may seem, is
simph not valid.

Senate Decides

By the time this article is pub»
lished, the Senate will have acted.
If' they will have rejected this Mos»
cow Treaty, the) will descrie our
praise for a great displa}. of com-
age.

When the adininistraiion’sforeirn
policy collapses, as it is collapsing
and will continue to do test ban or
no, it will be on them that Prest—
dent Kennedy will place the blame
in ’64 as he did on the l‘lisenhmver
administration for a non-exrstent
missile gap in 1000.

If', on the other hand, the Senate
has approved this treaty as at this
writing appears inevitable. then we
have taken another sfeponthe“roiid
to serf’dom.”

Rockefeller’s Effort Precludes
Moderate GOP Convention Choice

by Joseph W. Golu

ll liir'r‘. ‘rl‘i’lll‘ﬁ .ippdiclll il|.i' (io'._
lu‘orrcfellci .iicl .‘~ci. (rtrl‘l‘.‘..llt‘l "ill
til Ilkelj. Ht‘t‘lx Ifn' lll‘lllll llr ulr pl i-s
idr-iunrl nomination.

1hr». prospert ‘.'.lll nuipiinc no
one but it will l..r\o ll“ sidi- I'llivi’l‘.
on ilre ltcpul iii an ii.ill\.

lll'll' llf Noni. Yoii the lllHl of
ilowe l‘lli’t'lh ‘.'.lll lri' linif lid! .‘cic‘n.
Yoil- Stale primal. 'l.ilc “lll lr-

sci :is (Mill. .is physirall. lilii\ll'll‘.
this ‘.'.lll allow it llllll;'-
ll:’lil, lft;ir.t'li‘lli‘l to how illl ihc
hull", of Nev. Yor l ".mamm illlli'li'l-
e,‘.oion Stillill'. lrt‘liffnl .rnl .i-f llit'lll

will la trill

rominiiicd Io lillll c.lrl..

Contracts This Your

thus we lll New Yoit. will have a
pi lllidl ', lll Api if or per hap-
iis May. You ‘-‘.lll icincmbci that
thin year's piiinai', was held Just
ihir-o weeks ago on Soptr-inbci 'r.

The effects of this car 1) pi llll’dl)
wtll lll!lp‘.plllil(‘l bothmayor-parties.
'l'hose Republicans who do notobiain
the support of the, ('onsc l' \ at l v e
Party Will face a six iiionih battle.

lJm ml; the hull year between pi i-
mary and election the Republican
candidates for (‘ongross and the
State Legislature Willfaceci iticism
both from the right and from the
left. Many marginal seats may fall
as a result of the lone campaign.

.l‘. l.lll‘

State Convention Preccdcs National

The New York State convention
date Will be early also. This will
give the Democratic opponent of

Seiiaioi Renting a muchlon err-am—
paign that had the ill-fated .\li.
lurrroialr ahoopposcdSr-iniioi Jaxifs.

'l'he onh [itlfwnll‘li‘ benefit ial clb-ct
'o the Republiran p.iii'. is i'llllii‘
\‘r-w York’s picnidcntial delc: .illiil:
lit'llllltl b’rir l '.

Democrats will lI-liilr'i- Ir. .va .lli
cui‘l'. pilinai  lininciw .lli‘ do“
will be .rs llllllli support ioi ihc
r-.iil. pi iinai', lioin ihr- lremociais
li‘ from the b’cprilrlicaus.

lbc .r :..rirf.r r- I'llt‘llllr Nc‘u. \Irii
I‘t'llllii l"ml.', l‘u lllil rri.c in] its
lu’rvpill llr fill". lrlll hrl litif‘l\‘,, ll if ‘.'.l'l c

ind for liliiitlt‘lll‘l’S linilllll‘. HI
admit that ln»i..r~».nocluiiou otccltii..
clef ir-d inch ll lrlillllli.ilt'll Inc inof—

ei.iic~. '.'.]lllli. tire b’epulliran pair.
would lt'l',lli to l.fll\ ‘clrind rio-
.onr] irrioisc ( .illill l.lft"

Numerous Unknowns

llllt' tumull‘lr' 'l.il| luer .Ill'
numerous and moat ly uni nouns.
lllf‘) lllf'llll‘li‘ (mu‘l lllIl *. lt'lurllv-ri of
()liio, Sci .iiiion Anrlci son of l‘.lll|‘r.l*i
licllinon oi (ii-.liihoma l.o.i- oi
(oloiadoh Smilic of Idaho and
Hatfield of ()i egon.

Seiiiitois in ibc running are i use
of New Jeism Morton and t ooper
of Keniucky, and Williams of llcld
ware. Representative 'I'ah olflhlo
has ii very—outside chance as dot”-
ea-representative Judd of Minne-
.‘itrlu.

Rockefeller by pushing lillii‘wll
mio tlie'GUl’ race thl mall) llllt w
ing the. nomination of Sen. liaii.
(Joldwalor. No effective effort to
seek a middle ground \‘.lll be ablc
io sinceed during a Rocky—(Joldy
quarrel.

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBEP “"

 

REGISTRATION MONOPOLY

 

 

 

Annex Avenue

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Business Boulevard

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ﬁ'
_ S Ltd.,w
hole:a Y a u 'th isle
O 5
Reid and Jenks Fun and Games Ltd. Memg d Jen av com col -'. at the
NOY., me for  C thufiC'
AlganYait-mg e ave 0 e clnsi
' Ce . ' a .
N aggﬁts Size If? 0521' . ntlon
def u 1 1 the
tion“ ’ 2:116 lecguiave as 'mes’
. . on agnt  v; Camp\;‘5rc .1! aﬁd
. , a
Excotin at“: o d 1,3,, march, g game,
‘ ch as ition’ a n  1* P11“
‘5“ 01 To“ ﬁt R g ant u .
tha P 'ce 15“d P? d gra‘i'l-lze
Fun Ga ’ While are i3 Ojev-tanl 9. the IT": 'gh—
 ‘ m in 13h. Mon“): d ‘8 :ge of
.rizegistrat far Ie-th y 8 17.81.10“—
t such a. l Wlt . 01% n waver,
ﬂame mpa” fficle LRAD- “oliv—
iiiblma “if-13%.. 5’“ glands a amp?”
aiil; arctcall shos :ef se
Peristyle Place Eng m morlame m k_e ry towef' to
groper Drive lhén two gthei l O p1 yed'lyl fﬁorw
w wn from e  y b a d w lleglat
8 9 70 do This g tici an d f C
5 10,000 is; to five ame with
o
2- mef 'nmet- d sampleg
enter-tagged f
n0 . .
27  <13

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

n

 

 

 

 

 

 

natal l/rl

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

17

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Welcome
"Home"

to Albany

   

 

 
 
   

 

Home

 

Welcome

 

 

to Spector’s

 

Your Campus; Headquarters

for your every clothing
need from head to toe!

 

 

 

Fa mous Brands ,

Quality Merchandise,

Lolesl Fashions.

Free Bill

For the first too male freshmen
introducing themselves to our

University Shop

233 Central Ave....
Shoo

  

Alhany

new new 9 

 
   
   
   
 

 

 

 

Howley Street

 

 

 

 

 

lion

 

3061:?

  

 

 

 

é-czg

 

 

Materials:

1. lid (‘1‘ pens

3. Sound mind

It. llobnail boots tor standing in lines

kl, l"ield rations and Sill \i\al kit

3. t iiiiii-cn of whiskey sour s

b. Sll‘elillit' blip,

7. Last will and testtunoni lrv'tllll'lltlllb‘
award Io ire-.i of kin.

.iilll llii l'lill‘-i

Directions:

.\i the throw of ihe dice (note: all ‘idcn of can b div

moi c ‘.lli‘.‘.l\), lunch pluici [linkc's about the picsr 1 Hail
number of spam-u and billions ibc ‘illi‘illl‘tl Ill cart

spur r- (sec ti“. ),

"0 w To Win:

'lhr- ill at pci won hazinr lll‘iiiill‘li‘lll t;i.-.r.rid‘.i.ooped
havim' no more than Shift) in lil‘. ilici I lit: .irriiillil
li.i\lll‘,’ ll‘tllilTl‘l‘i‘i't—‘tl his .chedulc no lcrn if..innim-timc.--.
and fr.i\illl’. t'lli'shtul within lfi‘. t'l lti‘lﬂ,‘ ‘.ll.il he will ll~
(clue pl'i ‘wl'llll‘ﬁll’l lll liliill‘., pianla \\iiol..oiifc.
m lliillll ships and fence of old land 
the \‘.llilll‘l.

 

K ey

 

1. Start here, llo not be late, thei c will be .l $2100 late
fee. llo not be early , ihcie Will bea $5.0!) car It fee. llo
not complain this is onh the beginmnc.

2. 1‘1“ out packet. lie sure to check whether your par .
ems live together. Do not rise hall.» co to lr—ZH‘J.

:5. Stop! You haVe a problem. .1) goto you: arbisor (he
is in the Cave) b) see Dean of Academics c) call home
d) do not be late, there 1.5 a $5.00 late charge.

«l. Stopl Ypu have been pick puckered by a l"rcslnnan.
lose two turns.

5. Stop! You in e in line to libi ai'y. Read Vt .u and l'euce.
llo iiol loitei.

 

have lllll. Hire dot, 'l'liis is to Iiiakc lllt‘ .illll‘ piio'ic'm

f

l

r

r

ball br- llt’t l.ii cll

ti. .'\lo\e ahead three spaces because you have been
Li‘.‘.tll dcd .r NYS lv‘oi'elilh scholarship entitling f.ou to 509‘
more limit the meic iiir entive award \|.lllll(,‘l.

7. Lose turn because you hit leg of line cultcrnncst
time we fists.

H. You have found a friend and mow ahcad Ignore
small iioi lli.ll follows.

ll. Take .1 wall. lll ibr- ('o-op. (Jet thrown out for shop—
litiimi.

ll), llA‘. l'. .\'A (il‘,l‘.l.Alllf (ii-t par kw ‘l.illiiri-if and lake
two days off for Jewish holidays.

ll. srnp‘i
'lt'lt‘l $301).
13. :\ll.’ill14‘ parkct l'. specified order, This is time
lonsmnmg and should pimple d breather.

11!. teen are lrl'llli‘ rompuied, its lliIV. many must be

(to diiccil'. Io |ohn. llo not pass (lo, llo not

paid in rash. Attribute |.l.rnk scale to computation
l.ltl:‘llt‘.

ll. l'd‘. lo-.ui '. tax of Shift.

liir, illiiir

lb. l'llli base auto.

ll. bu. insui ance, (onpi .iiiilalion" You are no». on
ruled it: rm cc rolds and u [use of the hit r ups.

lii. You are in .rnoihci line. lxml a sweater if you are
.1 [‘1l 1. (flow .i llill‘ildt be It will are not,

ltl. .‘ioiiieoin- lclm. .ill those \tbo :iic [bi‘rllli‘ teen lll r .l\ll
lll ,rr ti: llll‘ braid id lllt‘ llll|‘...llll tllfl‘ linden.

.IU. Mom ahcnd llkr- f'rllifl‘t‘b, you are lhe oiil'. one with
all ft‘l‘H lll rush, lie hilll‘ lo icci-i've lici-rltjzil and
(.ieen Stamp».

31. coo,» lillbllitw» tillli e r losed. ('ome buck iomoi l o\\,
:33. Move illlf‘ilil li-n spar es for reporting embai liihheil
administrators sneaking out bar k door.

:‘i. Srop.’ You have )1le passed business office, Return
to start.

New Games

Now that you have played Registration Monopoly,
don’t miss our other exhilaialing games: “f'ialeinily
llly’ll l‘mancc” (lots of selling no buying), "Annex
Pathfinder" (Willi 5 live Si. lleinaids and 1500 lbs.
glollllll litrim: linear), and "l‘llcvtiic Football”, loi
have~nol unnersilies.

 

 

