 

PAGE 6

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 1, 1963

 

 

Favored Potter loos APA 13-6 To Win league title
APA Beats Waterbury; lakes ‘Pigmy’ league title

by Gary Murdoch

The men of Potter Club earned
the first AMIA trophey of the year
by defeating the chargers of APA
13-6 in an exciting climax to a
well played football season. There
is only one major game left on
the schedule. S.L.S. squares off
against KB Saturday. The final
standings will appear next week.

Potter Strikes Early

Potter Club wasted no time and
jumped off to a 13-0 half time
edge. The strong offensive Potter
line enabled Camarata to run and
pass effectively. Camarata ran for
one touchdown and passed to Dick
Mann for the other.

   

 

In the second half, APA finally
mounted an offense. Several pas—
ses from Burnett to Zuharak
brought them within striking dis—
tance and still another pass to
Steve “the snake” Zahurak netted
APA their one tally.

APA Stalls Waterbury 6-6

Last week APA challenged a tal-
ented Waterbury team. The first
score came early for the men of
white and blue. The APA linehlock-
ed a punt on the Waterbury 10
yard stripe. Torn O’Neil recovered
and charged into the end zone for
the score.

Waterbury mounted several
threats in the first half but was
unable to Score. An outstanding

 

My".
my, 4" t'tp‘

   

 

I“! :4 ' nu

 

Punter kiks bal

l high in air in

game between ‘AMIA teams.

 

performance by left end Dennis
Phillips and excellent passing by
Dave Jenks were the core ofWater-
bury offense.

Phillips caught ten of ten pas-
ses thrown by Jenks. Quick hands
and excellent coordination enabled
him to snag everything that came
his way. A tough APA line held
when it counted however.

Starting the second iialf Water-
bury trailed 6-0. They managed to
knot the score at six all on a
40 yard run by Wayne Smith. The
play was supposed to be a pass
play but when everyone shifted to
one side of the field, Wayne just
ran around them. He eluded the
only defender, Bill Burnett, and
and rorrtped all the way to pat-dirt.

APA's Mighty Midgets Win Trophy

APA squeaked out a 7-0 win,
Tuesday over Waterbury on a run
by Doug Morgan in the last quarter.
This was APA’s fifth straight vic—
tori. Not one touchdown was scored
against them all season.

APA won a game last week again-
st KB 14—2. The outstanding play
of the game was a pass, offarever—
sal. Bill Enser' threw to Don Mason.

FRIDAY SATURDAY
D349 7&9zl5
“DON’T GO
NEAR THE
WATER’

Carl Dreyer’s
‘VAMPYR ’

 

 

 

in its history, the State Athletic
department is emploiing the ser—
vices of a full-fledged trainer. The he finished his education “Spud”

‘HAMMING
UP

No dumps, no suggestions and no bad advice this
week. After a very enjoyable Homecoming week-
end we are going to be pleasant. This may help
to disprove a legend that sports writers are rotten
to the core. Actually they are very sweet, kind,
considerate, rotten to the core people.

A sad commentary on the weekend was the loss
incurred by our soccer team. The team did every-
thing they could to give the State rooters avio—
tory. Hats off to the soccer team fora really
great effort.

We are very pleased by the decision of the
Athletic department to send our Cross Country
team to the National Meet. The team has certainly
earned this chance. The News extends their best
wishes to the Fed hill-and—dalers. All we ask of
them is that they do the best they can and we are
sure they are going to do that.

Oh Those Pygmies

A cloud of dust and the sound of thunder issues
forth from the field by the reserve center, commonly
known as “Chavez Ravine.” It is not a rerun of the
Battle of Tours or the Vienna riots of 1848. It is
not even stampeding buffaloes. It is the sound of
the games of the pygmy league.

Not to be out done by their larger counterparts
the 150 pounders are playing rock ’em, sock ’em
touch football. They are just as talented at play-
ing the game as the big guys or so they say. Their
enthusiasm makes up for any size complexes that
may have previously existed.

  

by Ron Hamilton

New Trainer ‘Spud’ Kruzan

Str Rehabilalation Qf Athletes
Ile did his graduate woil. at (‘ol—

umbia and received his master's
degree in I)ll'».‘s'lt"dl 8(lllt'ulltrll. After

'l‘his \ear, for the first titrie

went to lt'lusking‘uin College in Ohio,

 

man filling the lier‘. forrrred posi-

 

 

The “NI TEE ”

Small Medium Large

C©D©P

 

The “PARK/1 ”
Hooded Jacket

available in

Small Medium Large
Extra Large
$7.95

at the



 

 

HOODED JACKETS

available in

$2. ()0

at the

 

tiorr is Charles l’Spud" Kruzan.

“Spud”, who will be the trainer
for all sports here at State, can
he found during the llii\ in his
office Iii lower Itobirr Annex.
Basically the job of a trainer is
the cure and preientron oi athlet-
rt' injuries.

Ile Works t'loselj with the medi—
('31 office and rrrtrst be on hand at
all athletic t-orrtt-sts.

Mr. Kruzrin is Ul'lljllllill‘, from
Indiana where he went tohighst-hoo
and later to Iridiurm Slate. At Indiana
State “Spud” majored in l’ll',hlt".ll
Education and plot. ed sever ul sports.

 

Charles "Spud" Kruzan

where he worked as u teat-her,
couch and .r trainer.

He taught [tll\.‘~il("dl ellllt’zliltrll and
coat-lied football. wrestling and terr—
rris for Sixteen tears before t'trlll-
ing to State. lie now resides iii
Gurlderland t-enter.

Coat-h Krti/un explains that
“there is alot more to the job o1
trainer than just taping wrists and
ankles." He feels that one of the
most important parts of his work
is the rehabilitation of itrjtir't-dplui.
ers‘ and says that “main. athletes
haw been permanent]; injured be-
cause of itrrproper rehabilitation.”

This for “Spud” lilies his job
as ll‘HlllGl‘ and enjo\s working with
his tolletigtttw III the Pitts. litl.
Departiirent. He feels that the other
t'tr'dl'lll‘S ‘JIU glad to have the St‘l'~
\rt'c hetarrse it takes Illllt'll ol the
burden of rating tor injuries oil
them.

Also Gym Teacher

Work as :1
ram t‘lus-

In :rddition to his
truiirei “Spud” [out lli’S
st-s illlll is Ill charge oi the adop-
11H! phisit-ul t'llllt‘ulltlll program.

.\ special program for students
who (ain’t jtulllt'lltdlt‘ In the i'et'lt-
lur t‘oriiplt-toph‘.si«';rlt'Iltit'utrotipro—

grant.

 

 

 

linen Your lamhert’s Charge Account

No interest or carrying charge
20% OFF ON
ALL CASH SALES

(REPAI RS
EXCLUDED)

 

CHARGE ACCOUNT IDENTIFICATIOW

SIGNATURE

FRANCIS J. lAMBERT
Jeweler - Export Repairing
Watches - Jewelry
239 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

CHARGE

CARD

 

AUltt()RlZED BULOVA JEWELERJ

 

 

open evenings till 9pm. Saturday till 6pm.

 

 

 

  

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 1, 1963

HARRIERS ARE HEADED

 

These eleven men are responsible for State’s successful Cross
Country Team.

Homecoming Tilt Lost
Despite Defensive Try

by Harold Lynne

Playing in front of an overflowing Homecoming
crowd, the varsity soccer team lost to Plattshurgh,
2-0, Saturday, October 26, at University Field.
The partisan spectators were. treated to an exciting,
hard—fought contest which was highlighted by strong
defensive efforts by both teams.

As has been the case so often this season, the
defense was able to thwart most of their opponent’s
scoring thrusts at midfield, thus providing the offense
with possession of the ball for the major portion of
the game. However, the offense was unable to score
in spite of its fine teamwork in setting up shots at
the goal.

The l’eds’ failure to score was due partly to the
outstanding defensive play of the I’lattshui‘gh goalie
who blocked numerous scoring attempts. Luck was
not with Albany on several occasions when Shots
came within inches of penetrating the I’lzrttsbui‘gh
goal, but hit the goal posts and rebounded away.

IIalihack Fred Rawc thrilled the crowd with his
versatile and Seemingly tireless play throughout
the game. liltilhack Larry Hurley and fullback 'I‘om
Flanagan also starred for Albany.

Outsta
lor Plottsburgh victory.

 
   

PAGE 7

FOR NCAA NATIONAL MEET

Country’s Top Teams Represented
Coach Is Optimistic Over Chances

In an exclusive interview to the S. U. News last Tuesday night R. K. Munsey
revealed plans to snend a State U. at Albany team to the 6th Annual NCAA College

Division National Championship Cross

Country Meet. The meet is to be held on

the Chicago Golf Club Course with Wheaton College acting as host. This is to
the best of knowledge the first Albany State team to compete in an NCAA champion-

several National matches.

The team will fly from Albany to New York where it will board a jet and con-
tinue on to Chicago. At Chicago they will be met by the officials of the meet and
taken to their motel. On Friday, November 15th they will be given an opportunity
to review the course. A four mile winding track over the grass golf course will
be waiting for them. This will be a switch for the Feds because they have been
running on pavement. Track shoes with spikes are being brought into use to im-
prove their chances. Saturday, the 16th, the Meet will be run.

Coach Munsey has been taking his squad to Albany Municipal Golf Course to

acquaint them with running on grass.

When asked about the caliber of the teams

at the NCAA he said, “They will be the cream and the cake of the country.” He
expects forty teams to compete as compared to twenty-eight last year. Comment~
ing on Tom Robinson’s chances at the meet he said,“On any given day Tom could

be in the top fifteen.”
The top fifteen finishers

are eligible for the University division pace to be

held at East Lansing, Michigan. The first five will receive gold pins and medals.

 
  
  
 
 
 
 

‘9.

I"

‘“ lx'iril. is It strong contender for the

the second five will
receive silver pins and the
third five will receive
bronze.

Robby has been sensa-
tional this year and gives
rise to some hope for a
State medal winner.

The Big Five

litre of State’s nine man team

will be allowed to go. Presently

3.1 onlx three positions are secured.
.7; Those are runners, Tom Robinson,

Dennis 'I‘uttle and John CIarI-z. Ken

fourth spot. Tire riurrrber five man
is still to be derided.

 

» ,4 lighting for the honor are Ilowre

     

' l ‘3'"; a, a'“ . ., \

State runners closing gap between themselves and opponents.

Fresh Upset No. Adams State 5—3

Season Record Now Even At 3—3

Merriam, lsob Ward and Bill Iiron—
son. Pep Pix/.illo, recentl; returned
to the team after being held bark
by an llijlll'j.. is also a prospect.

The Team's Chances
In tire—meet hltet'lllfiiltdl Central
State of Ohio looks to be the ill—
\‘til'lte. Northern Illinois State wrll
reckoned with.
finish in the

also haie to be

Album fittlit‘s to
middle urea.

Central State and homes State
were strong Iinisber's insr \ear‘ and
have nearl'. their entire squads
hark. John Carniorr from Kansas
was set-rind last year and will be
returning.

'I'rophies vtill be presented to the
lust threw teams in atltlltltrli to the
irredzlls.

 

 

 

THE 640 SUI/NI)

()N CA MI’US

WSUA

 

 

l'lrta llttslr lltttlt‘l s tlt‘lttolt-tl Nttllli ML‘HHH‘ TMM'M” I’l'll’l “ “‘15
.A'ltillt‘i Slult‘ 1.. at Saturdu; 1.15, gonna was the onl‘. oln' tut ‘ltt‘
North .\'lll|li‘s_ it Iotlr '.tg‘.ir stin-ol. ""“l‘ "I'hl' H“ “HUM”. Pu“ 5w. 
turd .t Wirinrny rtword of is l. ‘m '.'t.is M‘trlCliibb ul'httlt‘iil- ltt‘ 'll‘l
Mu tut liltilﬁ. of llli‘ pass lilo.»
- n -' .t .- in if t'l.S./—
Pads Take Lead .t..lr.l‘l,ltl,l‘HrdtTf llt‘lllli ‘lllililm lull: not“! '"lramurul wres'l'ng
h. inn riis' interior llit' rooters W. “IMM, M “WWI ,,I, all I”, The Intramural \Arestlinr sign-
ptilh~l 11l(it‘ti‘l l—‘tH‘.‘.lIli .t And] .t or- V V “All” My ‘11”, WNW. np lslietl' '.'.lll’l-t‘lqr(‘1\.xtll'I.t‘.\:\il.r\
t'l t. itmrm Itlllllt‘l z, 'l.t' In. t"l!. rttuzt this . m. ii... Ar..—
wronl tl‘l‘nllll‘l ltt‘t' Imimldsoz. .inl M Hum". m“ “w I! “I m“ mut- .~.i~.I.ir.. ‘ttt'l.'t'l alter '3..i' ia't‘
Jtot llttl‘li‘. stored with as .i IN!“ ‘\' 5" J” "W '1“ "Wk .‘H‘ now see “or! !. Itoi lillllliia’hlllt‘.
lt‘ntlll oi .r llll‘t‘l lll l'l‘lt"l ,t .llll‘ - ll‘u'l' “I “‘m'd" ‘ H". "MN I" I’ll I
t lollo‘.‘.'ir.~ 'l.lttil,' tn ﬁttllittltlit‘ lymml H‘l‘ 1' “a” “’1'”! lib" VH5:- Frosh Basketball
, ' 2.|‘ . 1.r sworn-t ltl’l li‘ sh it"t‘l »
t'l‘it'  shot .it 'ltl' wont, l'ltvsl. 3.12M"! all ;:.n 'r o ‘Alll
INK,” 1i. if”. [JIM-1 Hut r,j rim lily-U: valid“: VI“, I‘rh lid". J It‘t'l‘ LIV-.1 Mublil. ll. l‘u;‘t‘ 
lit]: 1 tinniztt-r .Nt. 'r tun», .‘umo "'1" I  M1 1‘ ‘1 " LN"
stored tit t'i Ifm r.r;1 Ii"
'im It‘d! . I i will 'tlult lIi. l’rtv-

  ~ I " Dagwood’s Restaurant

1 lacuna  rm}. I28 Central Avenue

it lil‘ t d‘ltl-v,‘ l lit‘ ri‘.’ iridi-

rt«r ltthr. leaned .t‘.ili‘l '.’.tA 1qu

  interest origin  The home of the 50¢ breakfast

»,tttlt' in i l.-  .i‘:-   

lt't 1 lt‘l it, ~,'.‘.l'ti. I.... ' 'I.t‘  .‘,'

 m   1 l and the 69¢ supper (5:30 — 8am.)
strolls bquIteboiljtu-M ':.t< .‘x'o, I‘tinms   
gym“hjjﬁffﬁg‘i'N-“g,If,”  i Hamburger 45¢ l Cheeseburger 55¢

 

 

2nd Hamburger lO¢ 2nd Cheeseburger |O¢
Both 55¢ Both 65¢

Try our wimpyburqer — served with
#.,-__.___.L_-l- “£99195!th —— 55¢

BLUE NOTE SHOP
FOLK GUITARS

$29.50 to $49.50
i56 Central Avenue L

 

 

 

 

 

 

