 

  

 

 

PAGE 2 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY. MARCH 1,1963

 

 

Rowhoat iii Ice Skates?

Have you noticed all the people limping around here
lately? We certainly have and we feel it’s time to do
something about the icy conditions on the sidewalks.

We realize that the University can do nothing about
the ice between the dorms and the college buildings,
bad as it is. But, the University can, and we believe
should, correct the conditions around Richardson Hall
and Page Field. To put it bluntly, they’re abominable.

The sidewalk in front of Richardson, for instance,
is either slick ice or a wading pool, depending on the
time of day. We have seen this happen — a person can
safely, if not very suavely, manage to get almost all
the way to school and then fall on the approach to the
buildings.

You have a choice - you can swim or you can slide.

The intelligent student, who has been here for a
few years, realizes that this is an annual problem and
plans his schedule accordingly. If he prefers sliding
along. he schedules his classes for 8 or 9 a.m., but if
he’s more the Olympic—type swimmer, he’ll have
afternoon classes.

He will also keep in mind that he should allow him—
self at least an hour to navigate the lakes between
annexes - ten minutes is impossible.

We think it is time that somebody took some action
on this problem — either rent out row—boats and ice
skates, or correct the icy conditions. Whose job is
this?

Fresh Unaware of Appeal Board

This past semester we saw many very unfortunate
events with regard to the marks given outby new facul—
ty members.

A frosh was flunked in English 1 because his term
paper was “too short.” He wrote well, did good re~
search, reported his research accurately and com-
mitted few, if any, grammatical horrors. But the
student was flanked due to failing to throw you—know—
what long enough.

A frosh was flunked in Speech 1 because he “plager-
ized.” He reported in his outline that all his infor—
mation was from a certain popular magazine. He
mentioned the name of the magazine and that the in—
formation was taken from the magazine. Because he
did not mention or write the issue of the magazine,
this was plagerizing.

In a French course, a fresh was droppedfrom a “B”
to a “D” with no rational explanation. [ An explanation
was requested]

A grad student was given a “C” in a course where
all his marks, on exams and papers, were “A’s” and
“B’s.” This mark was changed on appeal.

Unfortunately most of the frosh do not know about the
appeal procedures or the appeal board. The result is
often an unfair mark.

We do not condemn our new faculty members. Most
all of them are fully competent, but we feel they are
not given any instruction about the marking traditions
of this university.

We hope that with the great increasc in faculty
a program will be initiated with regard to the usual
purposes of subjective marking.

We hope that the orientation programs of the future
will instruct the fresh about the procedures which are
available to them. We hope that no stigma will be
attached to a person who gets a mark changed by the
appeal system.

 

State University NEWS

   
 
 
 
  
 
   
   

ESTABLISHED MAY IQIG
BY THE CLASS OF I9I8
NEWS BOARD
DAVID JENKS ............................................................................ ,.EDITOR-|N-CHIEF
LINDA LASSELLE .... ..Exocutivo Editor
JOSEPH GALU . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Munoging Editor
CHARLES BAKE

.Publltt Relations Editor

 nature Editor
Associate Editor
 ports Editor
Business Editor
. Consultant Editor
. Consultant Editor
(an-Exchange Editor
 Advortisin Manager
sultont Technical uporvisor

LINDA MCCLOUD.
WILLIAM COLGAN
SYLVIA LICCARDI
ANNE E. DUGAN

CLIFFORD RUGG..
OLIVER BEAUCHEM

EDITORIAL STAFF
.   .. .Paulo Dulok, Eugene Tobey

Assistant Editors . 

 

Phot rophy . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Torr Raiiiy, Paul Bachou, John Mayer
DoskOEdItors ........................................ ..Joan stoury, Sally Heal , Patricio Jowsi
Roportsrs............Jacquolino Adams, Bernice Aviza, Edith Hnr y, Karon Kaofot‘

Richard Pavlis. PatricIa Libudxiowski, Kit Rorog, Joanna Sobifr
Columnists ............................................. ..Paul Jonson, J. A. Gomez, Gary Luclalt

TECHNICAL STAFF

Assistant Tochnicoi Supervisor ..................................................... ..Susan Thomson
Technical Assistants .................... .. Claudia Colbort, Judy Conger, Donna Nolan,

Linda Stacy

 

Communications

 

 

 

Morgan Defends

Tuition Stand

To the Edltor:

in reply to Steve Freedman’s let—
ter of last week. the sentence you
quoted was not meant the way you
interpreted it but was used to em—
phasize the previous sentence. l
merely meant that if your family
has that much money why don'tyou
want to say you graduated from
Harvard. too. so you won't feelout
of place when you go to the family
summer home at Cape Cod.

To Gary Luczak: you may notbe
politically naive. but i thinkyou’re
a bitpoliticallybiased. Mr. Rocke-
feller may have strongly urgedthe
Trustees to levy tuition. but this
has been talked about forten years,
and if Rockefeller has the nerve to
be the one to finally ask forsuch an
obviously unpopular measure.
well. i say good for him. The
University needs the money, and
frankly. sir. i do honestly believe
the money will gotothe l'niversity.

i doubt that an embezzlcr would
have gotten as far as Rockefeller
has. i think you. staunch Demo—
crat, are jumpingto ratherdrama-
tice conclusions about the “big
bad wolf" in the Governor's .\lan—
sion. Or maybe we’re both at
fault. Maybe i put too much faith
in human beings and you and your
friends on the Bandwagon are too
quick to criticize something dif—
ferent.

Ginny Morgan '64

SA Government

Needs Parties

To the Editor:

it was very interesting to note
some of the proposals of the Sen-
ate (lo ve r n m e n t Reorganization
Committee which were outlined
last week in the News. The new
plan seems somewhat feasible,and
with the proper planning, perhaps
the transition can take place with-
out too much distress.

There are obvious weaknesses
inherent in this or in any govern-
ment of such complexity.

(me danger is the decay of
infra—governmental coordination:
another is even further lack of
student participation in govern-
ment than now exists. There is
a solution to both problems——the
establishment of it political party
system.

ily no mcnns are parties a pan-
acea for all the lllSOflttll‘t’iillCl‘tlt‘y
and apathy. but they are necessary
if a compch government is to op—
erate as a coordinated anddynam—
ic whole. Parties facilitate elec—
lltlllH according to policy and not
personality and demand adherence
to compctitiw platforms.

i'hc pitlziiis arc numcroiis but
can be avoided with lht' proper
planning; the benefits fa r outweigh
the disadvantages. i would like
very mach to see this idea batted
around lhc campus, studied, and
considered as it possible inclusion
in the plans for the new govern-
ment.

Toni Mo Itcr '65

 

 

 

 

ii

 

 

4th.;

"I'd like to go down to the lounge now
tell her about her room, but you know
the rules."

VV -vVV‘,wﬁv—Vvvmﬂwwwvv'v v v a . v , v

ébnunaneéﬁkdba

"You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of we

 

 

 

v»va

time, but..."

PROGNOSTICATIONS....

Mirror. mirror on the wall. who’s thc most qualificil l'.liiil‘!
all. iiaving given our coin. which was haiidcd down by the l.t\i
inon Statcrs. a thorough work—out. we have conic up with tbu
ing amazing predictions concerning the S.;\, elcctioiis,

RHETORICAL REVERBERATIONS....

liven though We hayi: examined thcir qualifications. II is-
from the sparse showing at the rally, that the stuiicnt bolt
in Blind Zeal and it Kould Be that solid blocks will control. i» 
the complexion of our “studcnt” government ltt'.\’l yciir. 'i‘iit-
got caught with egg on their faces and katsnp on thcir ballots. i
were led down to the Student i'nion to be shown how to czist Illi' '
lots. But we digress...

EVERY LOYAL FROSH....

The [line Jays will flock together to clcci :\l Smith, but xvii '
fOt‘ Steve Ctlt‘ll. ll'lll'ct.‘ good  ii) ('(implcir- lhc minibus“
will be Karen Keefer, (iiny llorys and Maria .\laniaci. in l
throatcd warble will bc (‘arl (‘nsato as song lcnilct‘.

SELECTED BY THE SOPHS....

Based on a sound foundation of achicvcmi-nt, thc iii-ii lic. 1
i'cward Norm Stcwai't with a victory. in our only surc prv"
Dian ()Vcrbey will subdue :ill comch in thc number two spot
Nelson and i’at ('ook round out our choices inthi-ci:i~-

THE JOLLY JUNIORS....

in the class of '64. \\’l"ll stick with :i winncr and prcdii‘l i’w‘
banks as prcsiilent. .‘\ Kind Daughter of thc Yellow rIltt'lU‘IS “a "
away with ihc vicc presidency. l’irct Knit will bi- ncxt viaii"
tai'y. :ind .\rt (‘olcs will sncak in to hold thc pursc-Hti'ings

YOU PICKED'EM....
Lending thc pack of icwcls will be cycryonc's favoritc. Stir
“4‘ WV!“ thc goidcntassci forcinssworkto liob Fairbanks, I‘ i' .‘

and l.t‘ilt)l'll Iii-('nbc. We would bc disloynl not to picieolii ‘
f'ommoii Statcrs, i"rcd Smith .‘tlltl i.ibby Siroud, for this is i

Slim“ (too bad our piciui'cs :ii'i-n‘t :it tiic iii-:iii of this column). 1‘
gct fircd if \\’I‘ didn’t choosc our hard—working boss [Mir icil

standing Ht'llilltll'iill work will insurc seats for forty lliltiii-w

('cri‘n. \\'i- llHP" that i’irct lx’utt can fill ilick's cliaii' nc'x' ‘-
Illi'lt‘ finc :iiI .ii'ounii hard work \\'t' prcdict ~I|tll \iiiiw Ilri‘
It has tlllt'il bccii said that :i smiic is your uiiiiirciii: it I“ Ii
it) Vibb’ \\l \: i‘ii iludnikus \\’lll i-oiiipicti~ our ill'ttllllt"i‘.'

ON TO BIGGER THINGS....

i‘iic t"i\‘cnicn \\|Il shim ».iii'pi‘i~iiii:,', "ill't‘illﬁ'lll. blit \Hc ‘- l“
.i]ipc.ii .llltl t'ililiilt‘it‘lll't‘ 'Alll II‘IltI oil vii-:iii *xll.t\l'll, lfli |. In
l‘Vililtl'l‘ﬁriliill'ﬁ” subiiniuiil (‘Jtilillllitlt‘ ill Illt‘ Hi" i”"' “i‘ “

lll thc ing tillt‘. It you ii.i\i-ii‘t Lilli-sew! IIV HIM, ~\" 1'“ I'
for his t‘Xill‘llt‘hi'w‘ ili'|\i‘ :niil :ibiiitv |‘it t'ci'i'.i‘- .\HI'I'
crciti-ii l'ttlllllliilt‘t‘ .iiiil lin pcrsiuial t'l|.ll'ili \\|ll ilIiI ~li i
llliil‘ \itiiougii “ci'ihi will illllltHhVUIl'HlWIII" L‘J'HW-o'. Ii""‘
‘.\|ll b.ind tiigi-tiii-i' ubi-n it t'ouuts. ~

70F THE WEEK....
When the boys in hlucit descended on the Coblusltill Lodge. "‘15 " ‘” “m ’
as lost year’s outing?

i

caldera/gnaw

iiusb

fl:')I)I).f'l' ii‘iilultmllAi rif'
.i—th

“—lin,ri, .1. ;!l;‘()fl(:el”l .Lir'ut

will i.iii)A‘/, l"..‘,\:l(:ll "

(
li'i )p.rr. inaugural ’Jci'eiw,

lug/(3

turtle

J.’:‘Itip.m. Wrestliiw z.'

5., i—l. a.ir, liiiiid'm'hi "=11
lienvcif' “J MI
utriiiii’t‘fﬂ’lfiitfill ‘i
"“m‘i’f' £‘~‘i p,iri. inf) tliiiii'lli'i fi'ii‘l
'/:iiini,rn. lli'ilz” iii-wt'rliwi“ "
him; “PM; .Hi. harried 'J: or in ‘
Mm”. 'lf

 

 

. . wmmmmxwmmu i

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1963

 

PAGE 3

 

MaHanlimiDeputstmmtmnd Snunaﬁon
Which Pervades Modern Society

by Paul Jonson

L'chissa, Michaelangelo An—
tonioni's latest film, is the third
part of his so—calledtrllogy. which
also contains L’Avvontura and La
Notto. But it is not necessary to
have seen the other two to apprc~
ciate any one of them. as the plots
a re. not directly connected.

.\n outline of this film's plot is
basically simple. Monica Vitti
plays Vittoria. a girl who is look-
ing for love. She is taken in her
search from one man to another.
but is always disappointed.

iCVcntiialiy shc mccts a young
man (Alain l)elon) who works at
thc stock cxchangr. and the two
fall in love.

Within the framework of this
situation, .-\ntonioni has prcscntcd
a great deal. The film's maior
purpose, like that of most rcccnt
ltalinn picturcs. is to make some
sort of statement about our pres—
ent society.

This modern, mechanizedcivili-
zntion of concrete blocks :iniistcci
girders. of inngling telephones and
stock markets has so affected its
inhabitants that they have lost all
emotional contact with each otbcr.
l)ci0n cXcmplifii-s this pcrson —
constantly rushing. running. shout—
int,r or just doing somcthing.

Vittoria. howr-Vcr, is out of step
with everyone cch. .\ithough oli—
iivious to the situation itself. she

is aware of its resultingemotlonal
stagnation. ller awareness centers

around the particular emotion of
love. She is bewildered.uncertain.
moving from one lover to another.
feeling love for each of them in
turn. and yet still hesitant. not
positive of the emotion.

She is looking for the ideal,
romanticized lover. and she can-
not find him in this world in
which something. anything. every—
thing is always competing with
her for his attention.

The film ends on a positive
note. although Vittoria remains
bewildered. Delon is shown think—
ing of her and “refusing” to ans—
wer the many telephones ringing
about him. The final shot of a
bright. shining street light sym—
bolizes .\ntonioni's hope for an
eventual end to this eclipse of
emotion.

Weakest Point

The film starts out poorly: the
first fifteen minutes. those spent
in the house of Vittoria's former
lover. are awkward and stilted.
True. the situation is an awkward
one, but it seems unlikely that
the scene could intentionally be
presented in this manner.

it is as if Antonioni had carried
too far his style of focusing on
things a few seconds longer than
anyone else would. and photograph—

ing scenes that no one else would.
As a result this sequence, par-
ticularly the wordless first five
minutes. is merely embarrassing.

After the girl returns to her own
apartment. the director reverts to
form. indeed the acting. actions.
people and just about everything
else in the remainder of the pic~
ture are the most natural 1 have
ever seen. The scenes in the stock
exchange have been choreographed
so well that they appear utterly
realistic.

Throughout the film physicalob—
jects are made to dominate the
humans involved, through both plot
development and scene composi—
tion. Pillars. automobiles. air-
planes, an electric fan. and many
other things are emphasized while
the people are minimized.

This technique reached its cul—
mination in a final five minute
recapitulation of the theme and
comment upon the action solely
using shots of a street corner
that figures in the plot. This
marvelous sequence ends with the
tremendously effective shot of the
streetlight already mentioned.

Whether one agrees with his
ideas or not. Michaelangelo .-\n-
tonioni must be acknowledged to
be a great director. This film,
while not his masterpiece, is nev-
ertheless an excellent one and
surely should not be missed.

Sthe Theater

tillian Schmidt Stars

by Harry Guy

Tonight and tomorrow are the
final performances ofJean Genet’s
absurd drama. “The Maids." and
Wallace Johnson's satiric frace.
“What Did You Learn in School
Today?”

“The Maids" makes a rather
complicated statement. Basically.
the play deals with the relationship
of Solange andClaire—the maids—
and their attempt to find spiritual
communion in a human sacrifice—
Madam.

Each night. after Madamleaves.
the maids perform a mass inhonor
of their highpriestess. the Madam.
in this ritual. Claire mimics Mad-
am and Solange enacts the role
of Claire.

Goals

The drama in which the charac—
ters engage is their existence:
without it. the maids would be in
a co—existing void. Their purpose
is to kill Madam. but .\ladam's
death is their death.

Above this entire action is
(lenet's bout with homosexuality.
(In the original plan. Genet wanted
young boys to play the parts of the
maids.)

All these points can lead to a
stirring drama. but the State Uni—
vc rsity Theatre fails. With so much

 

 

Tyﬁﬁdﬂ

rdUTTETTﬂhﬁiTMBEE?’

 

Flavor! Full flavor in a filter cigarette.

That’s why Winston is America’s best-selling

filter cigarette! Next time, smoke Winston.

PURE WHITE,

 

 

MODERN FILTER ‘

 

A...)

PLUS  LEND UP FRONT

;

 

kc etc all

@1902 n. J. Reynolds Tobuct‘u Compwy. William-Balm. N C.

 

 

‘lhe Maiils’

possible. every expectation is
squelched.

The production begins with a
fever pitch which never slackens:
its absorbent quality lasts only
minutes. This frenzy completely
ruins the characterizations of the
maids: this unnecessary furor
makes it almost impossible to
delineate between their character
and impersonation.

Manning Lost

Facial contortions and body
stance are gross: they seem con-
trived and minutely taught; there
is an absence ofspontaneity. Hence
the play loses its potency and
meaning.

The sole let-up from this un-
warranted frenzy is Miss Lilian
Sch m i (it ' s characterization of
Madam. .\s played by Miss
Schmidt. Madam is a sweetly arti-
ficial cuss.

Miss Schmidt saves part of the
play's drama and adds some cred-
ibility to the other characters: she
exudes a natural grace on the stage.
Her role is clear and concise and
the interpretation is excellent.
Schmidt is superb in her cameo
appearance.

When she leaves. the play sours.
The purposely confusing ending
becomes overlong and dull. The
drama falters and dies like Mad—
am's image.

Second Play

The second production, “What
Did You Learn in School Today?".
is a short. slapstick. and biting
farce. The men (clearly reminis-
cent of our governmental repre—
sentatives) cut and paste colored
paper together; this is their func-
tion. a function similar to some
senators’ inanities.

From this small action comes a
rebellion. an overthrow ofthe gov—
ernment. a dictatorship. and ano—
ther unsuccessful rebellion.

The play lacks substance and
continuity. but the production is
wonderful. The brisk pace is like
a roller coaster ride — there is
no time for reflection until the
end. This vibrancy made the play
entertaining in spite of its slim
dramatic value.

Acting Honors

The acting was uniformly good.
'l‘ony Hitchcock. the deposed lead-
cr. was excellent; but top honors
go to l). .lack 'l‘katch and Donald
dc l“;ino.

'l‘kiitch‘s sensitive and potent
portrayal was excitingiy sad; dc
Fanii‘s tyrant role was crisp.car~
ioonish. and hilarious.

'l'cchnically the shows were
marvcls. The quick and efficient
sceni- change was breathtaking; it
was a niasterpiencc of showman—
sinp. 'l‘hc sci for “The Maids”
was a little flashy. but highly
adequate.

Lighting for “What l)ltl You
Learn in School i‘oday" was very
effective. especially in the closing
scqucnccs; however, ill “The
Maids" the lighting seemed too
gcncrui, but it was cffcctivc .it thc
very cud.

.\s an evening, it is very short.
The plays are worth the time if
we consider “The Maids" for its
inhcrcnt ideas — not by its pro—
duction value 0 and “\l'hat ilid
You Learn..." for its good. clean.
and merry fun.

 

NOTICE

Medical Office
Will students please returnemp—
ty medicine bottles to medical of—
tice.

