PAGE 6

Current Comment

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 15, 1963

Senate Committee

llemocrats Register Significant llains Unites Activities
In New York’s till—Year Elections

by Joseph W. ('5qu

Last week New York had what are
called off-year elections. Mayors,
county boards of supervisors, and
local posts such as highway super-
intendents, town clerks, etc., are
elected.

Republicans did somewhat Well in
electing one more mayor than they
had before the elections. This gain
was more than off set by losses in
other fields.

Before the elections, Republicans
held majorities in 50 of the 57
boards of supervisors. These boards
are composed of town supervisors
and city ward supervisors.

Small Loss for GOP

The Republicans will control no
more than 4'7 boards. While this
is still an overwhelming majority,
it reveals progress by the Demo—
crats.

The boards under Democratic
control will increase from four to
seven in January. Three boards will
be evenly divided.

The increase of three boards
involves taking control of five
boards, since Rockland and Putnam
were recaptured by the GOP. Re-
publican control of these boards is
expected to be temporary since
the Republicans won with the help
of a split within the Democrats.

Major gains were scored by the
Democrats in taking control of
boards of supervisors in a large
urban center, Niagara County, and
in Dutchess county.

Narrow Control Maintained

The Republicans maintained cori-
trol of Monroe, Erie, Onondaga,
Orange, and Nassau;bul the margins
of the GOP are not as impressive
as they were.

The county hoards draw the lines
for assembly districtsinthose cases
where there is more than one dis-
trict within a county. The boards
involved are Suffolk, Nassau, Or—
ange, Dutchess, Albany, Onondaga,
Monroe, Broome. Oneida, Monroe,
Erie, and Niagara.

The Democrats now control A1-
bany, Dutchess, and Niagara. Onei-
da’s board is tied as are two other
boards in single district counties.

Significance of These Elections

These assembly district lines will
be drawn early next year after
the state legislature redraws the
lines for the state senate. These
lines, unless voided by the courts
will remain in effect until at least
1971.

One Executive Election

A County Executive was elected
in only Suffolk County. This job
is created usually in larger counties
in order to provide a full time
executive. The Democrat won re—
election in this heavily Republican
county.

Although H. Lee Dennison’s mar-
gin was a small one, his defeat
of a well-known, well—financed ite-
publican is significant especially
in Suffolk. The only other Democrat
to win reelection in the county is
Congressman Otis Pike.

In general, in New York State
last week‘s elections were good
news for Democrats.

Other Parties

The Conservative Party fielded
a few candidates in New York City.
They lost as was expected. Their
vote was note exceptional, but the
fact that they held together showed
strength for the party.

Many people expected the Coir-
servatives to begin splitting as soon
as their anti-Rockefeller goal was
removed. This last election showed
that the members of the party are
angered not only at Hockwfeller, but
at the GOP set-up in the state.

The Liberal party also fielded a
few independent candidates hi the
big city. They ran ahead of the
Conservatives in most places, but
they also lost. Brooklyn was the
only place they even came close
to winning.

If one wants lolook closely enough,
any partisan can find something to
be happy about in the last elections.

(y Student Groups

by Dave Gagnier

One of the busiest of the seven
standing committees in StudentSen-

ate is the Services Committee,
headed by Jim Miles.

The purpose of Services Commit-
tee is to act as a coordinator
between: (1) students and the admin-
istration, and (2) between students
and the service groups on campus.

Speaks to Administration

As coordinator between the stu—
dent body and the administration,
Services Committee receives sug-
gestions and complaints from stu-
dents concerning the academic and
dormitory facilities, and the school
calendar of events.

These are forwarded to the ap-
propriate person or group, depend-
ing who has jurisdiction in that
area. Usually the administration
will suggest some action which they
believe will benefit the studentbody.

Services Committee then refers
it to the appropriate student organi-
zation or carries it out themselves.

Parallel with Organizations

As liaison between students and
the service groups on cainpus,much
the same policy is carried out as
is done with the university adminis-
tration. The activities in this area
are closely related to those. of
Campus Commission; thus much
work is done with this group.

Members

Senators on the Committee are
Bonnie Batclielor ’64, Joseph Car—
done ’64, Marietta lianeri ’64, lion-
ald llamilton ’65. Fred ltawe ’65,
Carol Darby ’65, Antoinette Quar-
tararo ’65, and Allan Smith ’66.

The Committee was established
approximately eight years ago to
carry out the suggestions of the
student body. During the past eight
months Services Committee has
been busy with several activities.

Committee Activities
A summarized list of our activi—

(cantinued on page 7)

 

 

 

We are still Pilgrims

We no longer give thanks around a rough wooden
table in a forest clearing. Our problems and
rewards have takcn different shapes too, but
they are basically the same.
We are still making a pilgrimage, the same
search for a fuller and more fruitful life under
freedom of religion. And we are still thankful
for the faith that sees us through adversity
and guides us on that pilgrimage.
Thanksgiving Day was named for its meaning
—~the day that Wt: come together to give thanks
for our faith and our full life . .
remember that we are still pilgrims.

.and to

This 'l‘hanksgiving lilty, giVo your thunks,
strengthen your fltllll, cnligliti-n your
pilgrimage, at your place of Worship.

Contributed to Religion in Ameman lite by

State University News

 

 

 

Alliany—tlie City m

by John Marion

and Us

Election day this year held a surprise for the
Democratic machine in Albany. While O’Connell’s
boys had no problem in Albany itself, Cohoes was
a disaster from their point of View.

In a city where there hasn’t been a non-Democratic
mayor in 34 years, Dr. James E. McDonald, the
Citizens Party candidate and son of the last Republican
mayor scored a decisive victory by defeating the
Democratic candidate by over 1,400 votes out of some
10,000 votes cast.

The Citizens Party also swept two assessor posts
and three of the six Common Council seats toput
them firmly in control of the city government. It is
hoped by Cohoes people that the new leaders will
bring about many much-needed reforms.

Corruption Ac cu sation s Unto untied

While no real evidence of corruption has been found
to be conclusive, many people have. suspected the
Democrats of irregularities in the administration
of the city government. Voting frauds have been
suspected in the past but the Democrats have always
emerged lily—white.

While the incidence of corruption in the government
of Albany has long been obvious, little fuss has ever
been made over Cohoes. One fact that has been
pointed out, however, is that rejoicing afterthe election
was so great that the State Police were almost used,
pointing out the popularity of the Citizens Party
to be greater than the election returns would show.

It would appear that the end is in sight for what
has been called by some, “the most efficiently corrupt
administration in the country.” The efficiency of the
O’Connell machine is due to the fact that while he
milks the city he manages to convince the people
that he is doing; a great deal of good.

“Benevolent Dictator"

When one notices the state of Albany streets and
the city’s resistance to the South Mall project, he
can’t help wondering how “Uncle Dan” manages to
perpetuate the myth of hisbenevolcncc. When Mchorg‘e
Bundy, special assistant to the President, visited
Albany to speak for the World Affairs Council he
referred to Mayor Corning as “the only mayor in
the country with tenure,”

At a memorial service for Mcdgur Evurs, the
NAACP ficld secretary who was shot this summer,
Mayor Corning pledged his support to the civil rights
movement. When he hurt finished speaking the muster
of ceremonies announced, “Wc will now sing the
Brittle Ilymii of the Ifcpubli‘ans — oh, 1 menu tho
Republic,” (loncrul luug‘htor followed.

More and more incidents are starting to point
out the pooplcs’ dissatisfaction with the present
udministrution. liven the local ncwspnpors arc starting
to make public condominitlons of tho llcmocriitic
mrichiiic. Aftoi' 40 years of iron—fislod l'lllt,‘ it iippianrs
that tho days of tho O’Connell kingdom are numbered.

Gerald Drug C0.

Albany, N. Y.
l'lione 6—3610

 

 

NOW OPEN
Mom-Thurs. Until 9 P.M.
JOHN MISTLETOE

800K SHOP
Washington Ave.
MU 't—Q'ILQ

217 Western Ave.

238
l

 

llagwood’s Restaurant

128 Central Avenue
The home of the 50¢ breakfast
(till Ham.)

and the 69¢ SltDDer (5:30 — 80m.)
All dau Specials
1 Hamburger 45¢ ICheeseburger 55¢

2nd Hamburger 10¢ 2nd Cheeseburger 10¢
Both 55¢ Both 65¢
Try our wimpyburqer -- served with

 

 

H. and coleslaw — 55¢

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 15. 1963

PAGE 7

 

The American Forum

 

Federal Bureaucracy

Marked by lnefficiency

by J. Roger Lee

Much political criticism
tends to center upon Congress.

This institution , ifone believes the
popular social critics, is reaction-
ary, obstructive, prone to pork—
barrel legislation, and blind to the
messianic activities of enlightened
bureaucrats.

today

Bureaucratic activity, the record
shows,

is not all that these “true
believers” Would
have the public be-
lieve. Waste is not
uncommon in the ad-
ministrative sector
of our government.
The tollowing exam-
ples have all been
v taken from the pub—
llt‘ press and tend to illusiratc'the
naivcle of lliose with faith in stat-
ism.

   

A.I.D.

The Agency lor international lic-
\'clopincnt has lit-on responsible for
man} lollies. it has to its credit,
21 highway 111 Vietnam, tho l'osl (ll
which soared from $18 Inilllon ("o
more than $125) million during r-on-
strnrlion.

It has purchased $400,000 worth
of twenty-dirci- lllt'll 'l‘\' sets loi'usc
in roimnminy education programs
and has sent them to areas with no
clot-trit- power supply.

Also to its credit is :1 $34 million
lcrlili/or plant in Taiwan \k‘llll'll\‘.".l§i
iliopei'ublt- littf‘LllISt‘ thr- cqriipniciil
did hot moot thc specifications loi
the desired oporuiioii.

All) hits lit'Oll reported to hair-
giycii ii $3.1 mi lion yacht to tho
liiiipei'oi' of Ethiopia, iii-100,000 Worth
of battery powered 'l‘\ sotsto l'ClIllilt'
jungle \illagcs, suits to Gl‘t’ttly
imdcrtakers. and extra wives to
government Ulllt‘llllb lll lx't-nya.

Defense

The Defense llcpurunenl pili-
i-hascd lorry -s(-yon lthlLll'jll‘e'llt'lUl s
from a British film lor $2,145,730.
t;U. [t lllt‘ll dci'lui‘od thorn tobcstii-
plus and sold Illl‘lll bin-k (still un-
i-i‘ulcd) to the same lll'lll liii
$114,500.

The government of Portugal then
bought them from the British firm
with $403,500 that it had originally
received from the U.S. Tire total
cost to the American taxpayer was
$2,524,739.60 plus shipping charges.

The Defense Department is very
prone to ignore the workings of the
free market and to award contracts
on anon-('ompctitive, “solésource”
basis. The AN/SPS lO ltadar has
been purchased under sole source
unit prices of $40,000, $27,000 and
$33,297. After the contracts were
open to competitive bidding. the unit
price dropped to $17,083. Lossto the
taxpayer was $3.0 million.

Power Short-Circulted
The l’l’-2100/’A1tC 27 PowerSup—
ply unit price for a $2.1'iinillionsolc
Source contract was $360. Subsc—
quenr (-ompcthiy'c unit Iil’lt't' was
$180. Loss to tho taxpayer was
$1.25 million.

hilly-one AN/AI’S tits Airl-oin
liadui' sols \\‘l‘l'e bought :it a suit-
ﬁtdllt'l‘ unit pin-c of $110,000. 'l'his
represents a $561,000 loss Slllt't‘
:ilicr ('Ullljit‘illltill, the unit prii-c
(litililletl lti $l7,3-«l7.

l‘lic (“.1er of lllt‘ AN,y’\Vlt'l'—i 11nd
A.‘\'/\Vlf'l‘-2 liadios oifci's ll pci'loi'l
m’uinplc ol sole source pron-ure-
mum. 'l‘liere \ri-rc two contracts
issued on a sole source basis for
ihcso llt’lllS.

l‘hc first was tor $12M million ill
a unit pi 1t't' of $20,733. The second
was loi $13.1 llllllliili’tll$19,3ll011i’1
llt‘lll. Alli-i i'oinpolitiyi- lrllltllllt', wak-
ulliiwod, tho unit pi'ir-o droppod to
$lll,'ll‘i’i, showing ll loss of $127
million.

Endless List

ltosii lt'lliili\ o1 spin-c for bid any -
llIllil‘ but lllt‘lilltill o1 lllt' $ll00,000
loss on lllt' AN/l’lllt »l:l ly'utlltlt‘, lllt'
in? million loss on tho AN/l’lft.‘
l’oimbli- lladio, and tho sworn.-
ll\(‘ poi com drop in llllll pi lt‘t‘Hll rho
$60,000 A N, \\'l,ll 1:.‘lw-tioiiii-('otm-
iui ini-usui res lil‘t‘tfﬂi’l.

\Vo Lllt‘ lllllt‘tltl loiiumilb to how
i‘lt‘t'lt'll iilllt iuir. lll (Iongioss \\llliflli
Illihlllll'l lliln hill'l of Milk.

Stud?!” Government (More)

the [itth‘lh ol (llllt'l Scrum-s con-
lllih‘lh \‘.'llll lhoso of Albany, (hit-—
onni’s Sonuto lms rho plantar to lll‘s—
sultry fraternities and iiii'. otlwi oi -
l’,lil|l/l1lllill which tlu-. do not lt‘t'r't'-
ill/.t‘ iii ‘.'.llll‘ll lhr". i-lioiisrl lo dih—
.‘*.Hl\.t'.

Al tfoitlund. whcii Ibo tlt‘ll‘l’dlt‘
lioin lllt‘ iui sni ulillt‘lll‘ r'roup nails
ilciclii't lll Iit'l'ltil'lllllit’, lilh Soinno
duties, tho Scimii- llii/(' llll Iundr.
tor \nisity iirIiIi-tiis. l'hi- lul'llll.
:ill‘.i.s<il lll‘.(tl\tlll tin-l lrlﬁ thlltlll‘i
Airhrinisr rho, soniitoi‘ ll'lilll his group,
not lll',.l|ll*.l Sonqu

ll lllt‘ iopi’iwriiytulixr- ol :1 pinup
door. lIiIl poi’liil Ill lll‘. ‘vt‘llilit‘ tllllltt‘i,
lbi- :‘ioup \‘Jlilt'li \t'lil lillll In Stimuli
I‘. lilililt' llr dissolution.

E xccutivc Broiiclrcs
Mont Ii.i‘.i* iiiiiii'.
llltiit‘ Hindi-til

'li.lll ."tl|i.tli'..

('(tllt'l’l“,
Ah‘wli' lililllll tillli‘itl'ﬁ
lililllilo tor t"\illlljllt‘,
t'lt',lll

llllll'l

has .in i‘.'\t'tllll\t' l‘Iltillll of
llf'llllll'. ( iIii-i llIl.1 l‘lullslrlll it. Null.
l’all/ l'lt'llltlllll, .lllll llniplii imit-

I‘Ixt't‘llll .o boards,
lillt’hl‘ lithll'lh .rl l‘ lll'.lll .t-il lll lllt'
ittllllllllhllllllltll ml l.l‘.\‘., llllt“. :iiid

l‘lfh'l‘illllt‘h, l‘lib. .nl.i~.b lln- 5A

 

 

For Pizza’s Sake
Try a Pizza at your

Student flown
served: MOH.‘Tl1UfS. S-lOpm.

l'lt‘hllll‘lll. piiiyido loi tillt'llidllllli
si-iiulois, picpui‘c llll' iin-
of tho pour-innn-nial

control supplomi-n»

of llt".'.
mml ludyoi
luiuni‘hcs. .lll‘l
llll. ltjllrliijll llllllilih.

Elcction Procedures
Nov. l’ull/ .riiil l’lllllsl‘llll'li h.i‘.i-
ltl'llilt‘llilt ll‘tllllll'lllt'lil‘i suih :l‘» .11
.\lli.l|i.,
.\l.in iiioii- lIlllt't‘l‘» .iio l'lt‘t'lt'fl
t'llllll‘ ‘slllllt‘lll boil. than
'l'Iiiiso tillll‘t’l"s with wyoi .il

l. llll'
llt‘ll‘.
I. i-usuioi s and [\y‘o \ll 1‘ [ill“-l'll'lll.\
t’lt'l‘l .ill llit“.t' Iilllt't‘lh iibldipo.

.’\lo-.i lolly-pins. do nor iotpiiii- .in‘.
lull llt'llldl l‘t'll‘l‘llllJ:‘t‘ or Inn rdlhll'lil
lll‘l. lvr now lii‘liil‘o rili reflection inn
lv- ..ilbl. Album It‘ljlllltl‘i .i lilllil-
llllllll ill Jll‘i, ll.ll|>l|l Illll‘ll obtain».
.in 210‘, |lllli»iilll,

Nov. l‘.ili/ ililh-ir-d lioni Allinii.
in llt‘ll.I .ll'll‘ Io horror. .olini' inii-
lllt‘ lll.. l'lit-y .il‘w
t‘ll‘t lliiy' iolii

m’lblllrl s. .iiid ‘il‘llllltll \. lll‘ill

lltiilt
illnllltl‘i ltrl

t‘lilld“.
li.I‘it'
lllllilll:
till-lJlllllll‘i housing. 'l‘hi-ii- .Ilt‘ lll:
liiilliltill Inllllt“. .il Nor. l‘.ill/,
liwlomn lltl‘. lilillllll.l|lli;’ I't'll
llliliﬁ .lllll lrllllldl'. i-lwlioiis. l‘hir.

.llilit'dl ml to llt‘ llllltjlll',

.__._.-.. m..- __.__._.

Sitde $6M

Fri-Sat. S~l2p.m.

 

 

 

Guest Editorial 

 

MYSllAlllA Investigates Student Morality

ls State University an Auroral University Community?

Are the attitudes and standards of the members of
this community what they should be? These questions
are among those which, for some time, were hiber-
nating in the backs of the minds of various individuals
within this university community and which were ul-
timately brought to the foreground by such incidents
as Cortland.

Some individuals chose to ignore the situation, per-
haps in the hope it would cease to exist. Some laughed
it away, saying it was merely college students “having
fun in their own inimitable way.”

The majority of the university population,however,
voiced their reactions in various ways. They wrote
articles, held vehement discussions among themselves,
or started examining with a more critical eye what
they saw around them and participated in. Many felt
that a situation existed detrimental to themseles as
students of this University, and to the University
as a whole.

Committee Formed

MYSKANIA heard and gauged these reactions, and,
at the beginning of this semester, a committee was
formed to study carefully the attitudes and standards
prevalent on this campus in the hope that perhaps
some answers could be found as to why an incident
such as Cortland happened.

All questions raised were taken into account not
with the View that the University or individual members
were to be judged and found guilty or not guilty, but
on the basis that if :1 situation does exist which is
really detrimental to 2111 within the University, there
must be reasons, and these reasons should be brought
to light.

Why did Cortland happen? \VLIS it an isolated incident
which hits no relation to attitudes and standards
prevalent on this campus? is it perhaps the ultimate
result of crowded conditions and increased academic
pressures in this “University in T‘illlSlthll?”

Or, does it stem back further into the history of
this college? is it only the actions and events which
took place at Cortland which are important? is there
nothing which happens here that sheds a bad light
on the students and faculty? Docs “pee 1‘ group pressure”
enter into all this somehow?

Are the actions around us a form of rebellion?
if so, why rind against what? Too many restrictions?
01‘, docs it come from too much personal freedom
and not enough maturity to handle this freedom?
Who has the ultimate responsibility for moral and
ethical standards within this academic community:
the University, the faculty, the students, the individual,
or till of those components'.’

Sense of Responsibility

How far docs onc’s own sonsc of rosponsibilily
oxtcnd',’ And, docs it over cud? Most important of
all, is there many such a situation present that
students should trikc limb to oxuminc illlfl evaluate

it? Or, is all this questioning merely another way
to koin tho mombcrs of MYSKANIA happily busy lilltl
occupicd?

What do you think? if there is interest prcsont
(*oiicoriiiug' lllt'St‘ quostions and issues mcntionod heroin,
this iiili-rosl should bo voiccd in whatever manner
you think most \vorlhyvhilo, whotlior it bo iicyvspztpci'
lll'll(‘l(‘H, or Wl'lllt‘Il or \"l’l‘illll riiossiig'oslo lllt’ individual]
lllt‘il'lilt'l'H of l\lY.\'l\'.\.\'l.r\.

MYSKANIA i)()lll llt‘t‘tlH :inil
.‘tlltl opinions. If it situation oxisls which sooms to
llt‘ \\’()l‘lll ('orisidoi'ntion, l\’lY.\‘l\'.\l\'l;\ will (‘()lllllllit‘ to
look into it. if, on lllt' olhor hnnd, no Hil('ll sittmlion
oxists, lllt‘ll it would rather fulilo to continuo
pursuing tho issue.

What do you lhink‘.’

wants your reactions

Hl‘l‘lll

 

 

Vinnie’s Sub Shop

53 North Loire Ave.

i‘orner ONTARIO and BENSON ALL KINDS INCLUDING:
Hot Sausage 8. Hot Meatball

  HOURS: Monday thru Thursday
GREENHOUSE ll 0.... 'til 1......

Fire n 'gwa
DIAL4-1125 dyadbr dy

ll a.m. 'til 2 o.m.
College Florist for Your?

W.

Sunday 4 p.m. 'til midnight
PHONE H0 5-07l0

 

 

 

 

 

 

Services Committee
[More]

ties would include:

1. Opening Hawley Library on Sun-

day nights.

2. A complete investigation of the

members of the State University

concerning the opening of dorms
during the intersession period,
and a report of our investigation
was submitted to President Col—
lins. The dorms are not open
because of the one-week vacation.

An investigation of the robberies

in the dormitories and group

houses, and a conference with
members of the administration
concerning this matter.

4. The Committee has and are still

working with Mr. Ken Long con-
cerning a new fire and bombdrill
alarm system in the college build-
ings and Brubai-lier Hall.
The Coiiiiiiitlee has completed
preliminary steps and are now in
the process of chartering buses
for scheduled vacations.

. ’l‘lie Coiiiliiittee has conferred
with the administration and of—
lei‘ed our assistance and sug-
gestions about the confused regis—
tration process.

7.1‘lie Committee has worked with
Mr. Bedford also on the ice con~
dilion in front of the school pro-
per, and this situation was taken
care of last ycai'.

. SBI‘Vlf'O (‘onmiitlcc has been as»
signed tho responsibility of sell-
ing (llllrllt‘LllC replacement curds.

‘J_ Last year Ser \ lt‘e Committee

tried to tll'l'illlt’t‘ speak-M‘s of in-
terest to speak in Senate. We had
Dean llartlcy spunk on the Stu-
dent Faculty Association. The
idea was dropped because of the
lack of nitercston many Senators’
parts.

(A
a

LT]

(:2

[2

here is a hook
that is

helping its

to

ﬁnd

ourselves

.tl‘ .

 W [0 ll“
y.

. it“

\dwytl . r

> '( 4J1...”
.

in]: (

 

You, like many of us, may be
reaching out in an cll'orl to iden-
tify yourself propi-rly, to lciirn
who you are and where you are
going, We believe we have found
llll‘ iinswi-rs lo thosr- questions in
llll’ (‘hrisliitii Ht'ii'iicc textbook,
.‘li-icni-i- llllil llt‘llllll Willi Kcy' to
lilt' Ht‘l'ljlllii't‘s by Mary liiikcl'
l'lildy. You can find them, too.

We invite you to conic to our
meetings ltiltl to llt'lll‘ how we
are Working out our problems
through applying llit‘ truths of
(‘hristiiin Science.

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION

EL CAMINO COLLEGE

Torrance
Meeting time: II a.m.
1nd and 4th Tomldoy
Meeting place: Music Dept, Rm. 13
.‘i'i'n lltt lflltl lfiiitlli is ortrihiflli it! till
('hliuiuu h" n my [finding Ifooins unit it! "tony
i‘ulltyc‘ Imiilyalolin I’uprrluii'l fakirlruu SIAM.

 

