 

PAGE 8 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 25, 1963

 

 

 

 

g .." Oh,60rt‘. I want you

     

 

 

 

 

 

And here’s one I like:

   

to hear Some couplets Or, how’s this 2?... A (raga of trial/s ...Arid mg ﬂavorite: dreamed that. the
0 I’ve composed. my WtﬁIi/l‘ﬂ’uﬂder my mame worm. um Mat mast Ultimate Weapon Would
r For instance: mrirrasa .3” Or: ‘I'// trade "47/5; 'sa/d r‘es ,mrsessed, turn out; to be the

I WWW ﬁll/id“ "Wis onlgyLPw/‘Ma Milt A/stm, 1: Katy Miners,” Wit/r Butchered Couplet ?'.
' ﬂat lever on Sir/day. M’ I .-. ' Z‘m up lbr Vera Muba Pa/stm.‘ perspirat/bn obsessed ?

 

 

 

Q0

   

Who would've

 

  

Q

 

 

 

 

 

' "em """"" " 

 

O‘Lord of Flies’

See ms

 u AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA » C0 mpelling, Original Fil '71

YOUR HORROR SCO PE

Aries (March 21—April 20): If you were born under the sign of the RAM’s
horns, today will be your fortunate day. You will receive public notice
and acclaim by way of appointment to an important and unique sub-
committee of “University Life 1970” investigating the establishment
of proper facilities for a healthy sex life on the new campus. Congratu-
lations. You have been selected on the basis of distinguished past ser-
vice in the lower lounge of Brubacher Hall.

Taurus (April-May): Unfortunate you who were born under the sign of
the BULL, for you are destined to become the editor of your college
newspaper and will write much of the same. The nadir of your infamous
career will be marked by the publication of an editorial entitled “NEWS
Recommends New Senators” in which you will attempt to improve the
quality of your school legislators by naming names, but you will fail to
establish the criteria for your selections, thereby perpetrating the
evil of arbitrariness. You will be rated “unfit” by those whom you
attempt to enlighten.

Gemini (May—June): Oh ill-fated, common-stating PAIR! Your stars
indicate a life without thought. “Learning to live is learning to think?”
But kiddies, Rivalry is neither living, nor thinking - it’s regressing.
But do not despair of your fate, for change will come, with maturity,
Rivalry for ’68? No, not on your life - or our thought.

Cancer (June—July)z Great opportunities await the large numbers of
GREEKS born under the sign of the CRAB, but beware, for you may
misuse and forfeit the power granted to you from above. For example,
you will hold meetings that conflict with a lecture byagreat French
philosopher and forget the resolutions lnade at a meeting on intellec-
tual atmosphere held last year. Beware, or you may have your pinchers
pinched.

Leolluly—August): Happy is the day for those born under the frisky
LION, for you will rule the school. But do not over-estimate the im—
pressiveness of your growl. Remember wisdom, not secrecy, bef‘ft
majesty. Do not over-estimate, for some freshman lnay some day ill-
nOcently inquire, What does MYSKANIA do anyway? Anyway, What are
you doing?

Virgo (Aug—Seph): CHOCOLATE COVERED GRAHAM CRACKER AWARD

Libra (Sept—Oct): An unbalanced political career awaits you if you were
born under the sign of the SCALE, for you are fated by your stars to
be members of the State University Senate and will never know what
is expected of you. Newspaper editorials will call you “deadwood” but
your real weakness will stem from non-existent observation and evalua—
tion by those you supposedly represent. One or tWo newspaper column-
ists are no audience for an active legislature. Unless your student
body comes to watch you every Wednesday night, you are doomed to a
life of apathetic superficiality.

Scorpio: Stinger of the year (not to be confused with question ofthe
week): Will Nancy Baumann run unopposed?

Sagittarius (Nov—Dec): If you were born under the sign oftlle ARCHER,
despair, for you have become misguided. 'l‘lie unidentified lobby against
the NSA (National Student Association) becomes more and lnore amor-
phous every year. Who are yoii and why Won’t you let this issue over collie
out of a Senate committee ilito the forum of general student discussion?
Who are we hurting by joining? Collfedei'ated Student Government is
limited. Let’s go national!

Capricornus (Dec—Jon): Alas, poor rivalry colnlnittcc, born under the
Sign of the liE-GOA'I‘, or should we say, S('Al’l§-goat'.’ Although not
exempt froln the blamc of the pusllball fiasco, you have been caught III
the Rivalry trap, otherwise known as losing sight of “Real aims" - liki-
class unity. Likc spirit. Like nuts.

Aquarius (Jon—Feb): All suppression oditors born under the sign of the
WA'l‘ERsCAthlER suffer a paradoxical fate. Your publication is leaky
one week, holds water the next. liut have faith, your stars are propitious.
Pisces (Feb—March): 'l‘hc stills and Senate spcll doom for the “course
guide," There‘s something l-ISlly about the l'l-strictiolls imposed upon
its publication. Don't despair John, orgalli/e.

C(inlfleNS'l‘A'l‘lnlt SUPPORTS llOMlzt’UMING ANI) At 'l'lVl'l'll‘LS liA‘x'S

Open Your lamherl’s Charge Account

No interest or carrying charge
20% OFF ON
ALL CASH SALES

(REPAIRS
EXCLUDED)

 

 

CHARGE ACCOUNT lDENlIFlCATlON}

SIGNATURE

FRANCIS J. lAMBERT
Jeweler - Expert Repairing
Watches ~ Jewelry
239 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

CHARGE

CARD

 

 

AU l llORtZED BULOVA JEWELER /

 

 

open evenings till 9pm. Saturday till 6pm.

by Paul Jensen

William Golding’s novel Lord of
the Flies has been made into a
drastically original motion picture.
Though much of this originality is
derived from the book, director
Peter Brook has made an interest-
ing, often compelling, film of his
own.

The situation is skillfully estab—
lished during the opening credits
by using still photos of the English
schoolboys and their crashed plane.
Then, with the preliminaries al-
ready over, the film starts ill with
the boys’ existence on the island.

Ralph, a sensible sort, is chosen
as leader, but Jack, rebellious and
sarcastic, thinks the strongest
should rule. Eventually Jack and
his hunters leave the rest and, liv-
ing alone, revert to savagery. One
by one the boys join Jack’s tribe,
which becomes more and lnore bar-
baric.

The boys are allnon-professional
actors, and considering this they do
an excellent job. Though only Tom
Cliapili as Jack seems completely
natural, the others, despite the oc-
casionally stilted delivery of an
apparent waiting for cues, are ef—
fective enough to be believable.

The early scenes of the picture,
as these boys first explore the
island, are interstillg but only iii
an uncommitted, objective manner.
Brook alid his cast seem to have
less difficulty presenting the later,

less civilized, aspect of the char-
acters.

During this second half, with the
boys degenerated into veritable sav-
ages, the film finally involves the
emotions and engroses the viewer.

Three very well executed scenes
highlight this part. The first takes
place amid a wild, hectic tribal
dance which is made even liiore
harrowing by having the camera
dart alid jump among the revelers
as though it were a participant.

The death of Piggy is a second
such scene, and the final one, with
Ralph fleeing madly through the
woods, is particularly gripping. Fine
camera work and imaginative editing
builds the excitement and suspense

Though the plot of the film, now
at the Hellman Theatre, was, of
course, planned, no final shooting
Script was used. Since this impro—
visational aspect makes flaws and
weaknesses inevitable, it is sur—
prising that the picture turned otit
so very well.

Brook has not only retained the
plot and excitement of the novel,
but he has added a new, visual
dimension. Who can forget these
light-skinned English boys, their
faces and bodies painted, leaning
on their wooden spears amid the
island underbrush like the natives
of the Cargo Cult ill Mondo Cane.
Even alone, these scenes illustrate
Golding’s poilit. Children (and
adults) can “play” at civilization,
but they may, and often do, lapse
into their natural barbarisln.

——- NOTICES -—--

Close Examination of Greeks

The two presidents urge thc new
members on campus to becollle
aware of the Greek System by active
participation in the program.

They feel for those who are
interested, this plan will allow a
closer examination of Greeks and
for those who have not given the inat—
ter any thought, this weck’end Would
provide a View of a segllil-llt of the
Umyl-rsity population.

Registrar
Ally students having llliitlt' changes
in their original pl'liy'_i'iJiii, go to lllt'
Iliforlliutioil llootll, first floor lira-
per, and correct your St'llt'tlllll' t'ill'tl.
This also applies f'oi ('lluligcof local
or permanent address.
l'oi‘ your benefit, plcasc kl-cp
those cards up—lo—dalc, as lhcy arc
uscd as ii lil‘llll'dl". solilcc of infor—
illiitiliii.

LOST ARTICLES
Lost ul'til'lus may be t'lillllli‘ll
l' l iduis lll lll‘upci' l'lil Ill-Iwol-ii ltlﬁ
Lilitl J jl.lll. l)lll'llij' the \H‘t‘h illtjliil'o
at the Information Husk.

Omitted Reviews
The limitations of space forced
the elimination of two play reviews
by Skip Schrcibcl‘. The reviews
Would haw l-oycl'cd Under Milk
Wood and Six Characters in Search
of an Author.

PI GAMMA MU
Members of Pi Gallllliu Mu are to
contact Dr. Uiri' as soollas possible
ll they are interested lll applying
for a l’i Gamma Mu scholarship for
glgiduate work lll the social sciences.

Circle K Club

The following lllt’ll Were approved
II\ the Circle K lioul'd of Directors
and voted illlo lhc club by the mom—
litjl'S as of ()clobcl 17. They wore
lillllilll‘tl Uctobul Bil: 1’ rod Mulllheiln
’07, Nathan lkrchayctz '07, and Alan
I). Mlilt/. '07.

All nil-clings of thc lilolllbclship
ale lilil‘ll to men who uic llltl-iirstlul
Ill thc club. 'l'hc III‘XI llllil-Iilig is
‘l‘hilrsduy, Uclobcl' Ill ill 7:150 lll ill u.

The. Club Will huic afloat lit the
llollicl'olllillp l’ui'odc.

 

Gerald Drug C0.

2” Western Ate. Albany. N. Y.
Phone 6-3610

JAKE'S
FOOD MARKET

504 Hudson Ave.
Albany, N.Y.
lV 2-42” lV 2-9894

 

Snack Bar

 

Hold Your Reunion
in the Student Union—-—

UPEN

Mon-Thurs, 9—l0245 P.M.
Fri.,-Sat., 9—- l2230 A.M.
Sonday 4—]0145 A.M.

 

 

 

 
 
  

Want to Participate?

loin a Publication
tlr Religious Group

by Activities Day Committee

This week we are presenting to
you some information about our
University publication organizations
and religious groups.

Those in the first category are
S. U. News, Torch, Primer, Univer-
sity Directory, Press Bureau, and
iupgrossion.

5. U. News, with editor—in-chief
Bill Colgan ’65, is a student owned
and managed weekly newspaper that
covers all areas' of student activity.
A subscription is included in each
student’s activity fee.

All students are eligible and en—
couraged to join the S.U.News staff.
“Cub c1asses”areheld whereinter-
ested students in ay gain experience
by actual work on the paper.

Torch is State’s annual yearbook,
presenting a literal and pictoral
account of student life, covering all
phases of organizational and campus
activity. Torch is headed by Corky
Petrick ’64, editor, and is issued ili
May each year.

Joe Gomez ’64 is the editor ofthe
Primer, State’s annual literary pub—
lication. It is lnade up of original
creative work ofour students and any
student may submit his literary
work.

The University Directory is pup-
lished annually and distributed to
students each fall. It is a valuable
listing offlie names, school and home
addresses, and the telephone num-
bers of all State students, adminis—
tratioli alid faculty.

Ali publicity for State University
is handled by the Press Bureau,
which is headed by Bev Callahan ’65
and Sally l-lealy ’64. It sends home
anllomlcements of students’ activi-
ties and achievements to their home
newspapers, and it also deals ill—
directly with local Albany papers.

suppression, headed by Sue Ma-
liardy ’03 and Andy Neiderman ’64
is a weekly, self—supported news—
paper which emphasizes creative
writing, alld attempts to give free
expression of student thought onany
issue. Both State faculty aiill stu-
dents ure encouraged to contribute.

Included lit the religious groups on
campus are Canterbury, Charming
Club, Christian Science Organi-
zation, llillel Society. and Intel'—
Varsity Christian Fellowship.

Canterbury was organized as a
unit of the National Student Council
of the l‘:])l5(‘tip£ll Church to promote
religious worship service, and
friendship. The President is Jim
Ul'llSll ’04.

'l‘rildy Steckal 'ti-l is president of
Chunllillg Club, an independent stu-
dent gl'tilll) affiliate Wllll tho Unitar—
iall Church of Albany and with
Liberal Religious Youth, a national
organization. Its appeal is to those
who are dissatisfied with orthodox
religion.

Meetings of Chalinillil, Clubul'ein—
formal social affairs llt‘ltl bi-
liionthly. The Club has no cloud, the
only qualification iol‘lliclnbllrshipis
ii tolcl'ullt, l'utiollal inquisitivcpoillt
til View.

Christian Science Ulgalllzatioil
was tll't',tllll/t‘tl loscryc thut'hristiull
Scicncc sludcllls on calllpusllmclius
the t'lllllt'll sci'ycs‘ its lllclllbcls ill
the coinllllllllty. chkly testimony
nil-clings uic hold.

The ()l'gulll/litioll sponsors tintin-
nunl lol-liilc on t'lli'istilill Scll-llcc
which is open to till Sllltlt’lilh, lind
it has as its head l.ylilil- Allll‘h ’tiAl,
l’ll-sidcllt.

llflll‘l Socioly, Willi lilt‘Sltlt‘lll
“ill 1 lot ltossoft ’titi, IS .i socllil ailid
cllltiil nl oi [.jillll/lllltlll lol Jowtsh Slll—
doors at the UIIHL‘I sin and ‘dl olhol
t'llllcpcs ill the Albany art-u,

ll sponsor s such Slit‘ldl liclivliios
Lib dances, buch and Ink breakfasts,
and tho ulllllliil lill'llft ‘.l.l|lillt.‘l[jlllltl| -
flit; colleges.

The Ithl', villh |ill'.‘zlllUIll Shulon
l-uwlhiop ’tiS, lsaplil l oi the national
folloyyshlp of l-yliilgulil-al students by
that name and is affilllili-d With me
International l'cllowshlp of l'jyull-
gclit'ul Sludclits.

'l‘ho lliltillllill weekly lllclllillgs
tlllt'l Iliblo studios, playci, lilld
lulluiinlill). l'ollowship Willlstudelils
Iiolll olllilf cusitlili NHW Yolk col—
leges is also clijoycd ill the lhioe
annual wcokclid i'ellcols.

 

A scene from The Good Woman of Setzuan.

    

State University

Theatre's first dramatic production of the year will be presented

tonight.

‘tiooll Woman’ to Open in Page;
Players Present Parable of Change

Bertolt Brecht’ s The

Good Woman of

Seizuan

will be performed by the State University Theatre
tonight and tomorrow night. The performances will
be held in Page Hall at 8:30 p.m.

Brecht’s play has been chosen to begin the 1963-

64 season for the S.U. Theatre.

Brecht production to be
staged at this University.

Under the direction of
Dr. Jarka Burian, assis—
ted by Judith Stone ’64,
the players will act out the
parable of thc seniillg iliipossi—
bilily of a person’s remaining good
ill the GAISIllll’, \voi'lll.

Set/.uan, China, is a place where
some men are exploited by others.
'l‘hrough question and illustration,
irony and ('(lllllt' touches. its “ill—
liiibltallts" preach the author’s
illcllic.

lil'or‘ht, llllyi‘eil'i', docs llttl pro—
Vlth lhl-lil With a solution; he lcaycs
llllit to tho aiidiclicc. Brecht feels
Illill llll‘ \\'til‘ltl is chzingcliblo, and,
although hc docs not show lllCt‘lilll‘SU
of thc chungc, llcilidicull-sitsdirec—
lltlll.

Designs Reflect Departure

l'roni :i lt‘t‘lllllt‘ill stillldjloiilt, tho
play“. tlt‘lllllllll't‘ lllllli l't'LlllSlll is
i'cfltlctlld Ill Illt' \(‘l designs and
singing. Ml. John .'\1ool'l-, technical
dilcctol, ll.lS colidllcll-d this aspt-cl
oi llll‘ pllldiil tion. .\ll .’\loolc joiill-d
lhc \lit‘l‘t‘li hit lilt'. llll‘» \l-zil.

(ilollli .\\licl' ’til phlvs tho Iitlc
l'olc as Shcn 'l‘c. Sho IS suppolll-d
b\ if t‘il‘d oi .lpjllo-.1lll;illlll thilly
slildcllls it'lllt‘M'lllllli‘ illl tlusslls,
llit lllllllij’, lhc llcshllll-li.

Allltllij’llli‘lll“il1lllt'll[dilﬂt‘lSlll't‘,
lll liidl-f lll .l]l|ii'.ll}llltl‘. ltil'lliiill
l’l ‘ill./.t‘l ~.l~.l, “llllillll Moi iglln, John
l.‘.ll|l’lllll \\llll‘.llll .'\llllcl \ilnl-lii
lliiillllillnilzi, l‘l‘Jll it t‘ liiil ltitll,
.l.ilnic l.illlctlcld Nlinl . \\:lll-l bill 
Mal i. Sl'hlllldt iflill fill liilltl llliuold,

Juniors Well Represented

laijiht llll‘llll t'l‘.tlllllt'rlllllllll t hiss
;ill- [It‘llllllllllli', llltlllllllll’ Ill-llllis
llllllt', .\illt‘ll.l \\ct~.s, Joli liuldcll,
i-.li.:;li.ilth \\llt|l.\ boo lass, Milly
'l'clnpll- and .'\lil llill'l Slow.” t.

llolll lllt' Scniol t l;l~c.,llllnfdition
Ill .\Ii~.s .\\|it'l .ilc .liit k I'kiiil'll,
l'lnnk li.t‘l‘lllll ltill‘dilllt't' .'\lllt‘lltl,
\illl‘llt' tiololll, ltobcll Willow-l,
iilld l.llllifll Schllildfdlthci lllclllbl-l's
of llil' t'tinl .llc John Millltlll illltl
\iillililll hlit'it‘l, Sophollloll-s, fllltl
llonald Noblc and llobcil lionaflllo
Il‘oill tllc t hiss of 'I.:i,

'l‘ilkcts fill The Good Woman
iilc iiiliihibli-ul lhc Ulliicl sin 'l‘llt'u’
tic lllerlllt l-,Ric|iui‘dsollZilli, from
11,00 ii.lii. to 2,150 p,lll. today. They
IIllly bl- obtained yiilh lhl- sludcllt

l.i.\ raid of .ll ll plil'il til $l.5().

For an interperlution oi HThe
Good Woman of Seizuan” by the
pluy's director, Dr. Jarko Buriuri,
turn to the last page.

It is also the first

News Receives
AlmostNothing
For Foster Child

The State University at Albany
can not afford to help a child ill
need. l"i'oln surface observation,
that is the illeyitable conclusion.
for the State University News has
collected tliil\ $35 to date tor its
l'ostci‘ Parcllts’ l’lall.

'l‘wenty—five dollars oi the total
iilllllullt has been contributed by
the Class of ’tit) ill the hope that
the (llllt‘l' classes \vill follow its
exalllplc.

'l‘ht- Uniwrsity as a whole,thcrc—
fole, has llianagcd to give only
$10 as an oxuillpll- of its generos—
ity and coliccrli ltll its fellow—inch.
Unfortunately own this repl'cscllts
lhe contributions oi ii \cl'\ lcyv
jil‘iililu,

'l‘lic 'l'hallksinlxilli', scasoil 15 fast
approaching, \vllh (‘hl isllnns not tar
bohilld. Ill Alllclicii thc seasons
\‘i'lll lll‘ a Univ of plclity. (Iliildlcll
lli otln-r t'tiiillll'lt‘H may not bt- 5o
lollllllilto.

'l'ho 5- U. News llilS illilll‘illt‘tl to
lllt‘ Sllltlt‘lll blld‘. to sllulll Stillll’ ill
its. good ltll Now With no llllltll ttilliito
child. So lill llll‘ ll‘hlltili‘it' lllIS bcl-ll
t'lt‘illl‘y llllltll‘tlllillt‘.

()llt‘ hlllldlcd clphl. tlllllillS \vill
i’,l\t‘ il lhlld il \vlllllfl-l llll t llllslllins
.illd 2i lltt[lt‘—lllll'tl xcal . l)li’ilbt‘llt‘l]t.

Editors (0 Begin
News Cub Classes

'l‘hc State University News ytill
Ill-pill tub t l.i.~.~.i-.. Illl‘. .‘illlillilx. l'hc
lll‘.| fllt‘t'lllij' \vlll ll» ill hilt) 1l,lll.
in him ilt'llt‘l lhill, li‘oolii Il.

l'bc l lib t lllh‘it'h Ult‘ lllll t'llltl 
ln jtllllliilll‘dll, till-y lilo placticlil
uollmhojm lli ll’t'lilfltjllt‘h llscd by
lllt‘ S. U. News. 'l'tloy ‘.\lll l'll‘.t‘l
such topil s as lllillli‘ lip of lllt‘ dif—
such topics as llluko-iip of tho
llllll'll'lil ntrt'lltllth, slylc ol yvlitllljl,
Lillll cdilol i'.ll jllllil y.

l‘hc l'bisscs v.11! lllll fol llili‘l‘
Vi‘l‘t'hb on Sillldu‘. llii'tlls. 'l'hcy Villl
bo (‘tilltllll'lt'tl Ivy \lilli.llli tolpnl.
‘tlil. l)ll\ltl Junks ’lrl, nod Joscph
(Jdlll ’t'lll. Al lllt‘ l'liiit'lllSiofi til lllt‘
l‘llisscs lllosl- llilt‘ll‘bllltl Will llt‘r-
gill ul'ltiul thi k oil the pujlllf’.

()vol‘ Iilty invitations haw Ilt‘t:ll
sent out to llcshlllcn \iilh [)l’t.‘\ltlilS
lloWspapcl cxjuoicncun llowc\ui,
.illy illtcl cslod stiidcnts Lille illyiti-d
and ill god to attend.

 

the Penguin

Anyway?

 

 

 

 

ALBANY

3, N EW YORK

NOVEM BER 1,196:

VOL. XLIX. N021

Second Try at Elecling Senators Flops
Another Effort Scheduled Next Week

by lrv Carpenter

Replacement elections for Junior
Class Senators will beheld for the
third tiliie on this lillonday,’l‘nesday,
and Wednesday, November 4, 5, and
6.

The reason for the invalidation of
the first twu sets of'Jumor class re-
placement elections as stated by
Sandy Baburcllak ’04 was that one
namc was omitted from enough of
the ballots to effect the outcome of
the election.

Senator Galu proposed a motion
to ill\alidate the first Sophomore
Replacement election, and the first
Who’s Who election, as well as both
Junior elections.

'l‘liis lliotloll was based on the
rulings by MYSKANIA on several
qucstiolls brought to MYSKANIA by
Gain. The motion to invalidate the
elections curriedSenalemianimous-
ly.

Election Collllnissiondeclal‘ellthe
tirsl set of clecliolis void believing
they had this power. Galu’s ques—
tions concerned who had the right
to invalidate an election.

Decision

MYSKANIA allswel'cd that: “Sen-
zite, and only Senate. has the lilti-
mute authority over BIBt‘lltiliS. Olily
thosc powers spccificallj delegated
to Election Colllmissiollmay becon-
sillci'cd within its scope of author—
ll'l....

"Silll'c Student AssociatiollSenatc
has not dell-gated the authority of
\oidilli; an clcclion lolilcctionColn-
illission. this power l‘l-lllaills with
Ilil‘ Senate."

Members Absent
'l'ln- official opening of the School
lllt‘trlllli’ was dclomd when many
Sclllillll's noticed that llll-lc was not

SUI) Maintains
Patrol of lounges

in Brubacher Hall

.\11 tllfolidilljl, llt‘t'lxt'l 5 Will llt' l't‘v
pollcd. Accordinp lo Studcllt Union
(lll’ulll/dllllll [lllllt"., tlll- flillllt‘S of
Homo Stiltlt’lllS displaying llt‘llll‘.llll
in po ll tlistc ll. tho Iolillgcs luv to
lvl‘ lt‘lltllll‘ll lit llu‘ lliiilt‘llli tll Sl't),
{\ll, .'\ll'l\illllllll \\lltl wolfldsolldlllclll
on to lJl‘illl Slilkt-n.

.‘\t'i tll‘lllli', to Mr, Ml l\'iiilloll,ho\\—
I".t'l llit liilllll‘b liuil- Ilt‘t‘ll lcpllitl-d
Ii. 'lll‘ tllli-o .illils lll this polit'i‘s
I“.l‘~ll‘llll‘.

(llll‘ lll llll‘ “.l‘l .ll‘l-S lll lllt‘ SUI!
is lit llldllllillll :i jliflltll oi lllc ltilfllv
gills lli lli llltill'lll‘l. l'lll‘. Sl‘,l'\1l‘t~ was
ili.illj',til‘.itcd paltly ill llit’ liliting ltl
Ihc State University News.

‘l‘hl- studcnts on putllll duty illlt
insllucll-d lo takc lhc liliillcs of
both the boy and tho gill illmlH-d,
lllII disciplnluli action lli such il
liisc Would probably affect only
llll‘ j',lIl.

Mr. [\il'lxinlloll feclsllluttbeputlol
this had a llcllcficiul clllel'l lll pi'o—
lllollng plopcl bullliiiol' and res—
tialllf ill fii'ubachcl’s ltllllii’t‘h. llo
citcll tllc allsclicc of iepoilcdllalilcs
ii.» jii'ilill til llilS.

lloivou-r, h’ll'. McKinnon oillpha-
Sl/.t‘S the lut‘l that till» patrol Will
continue, fol, while no nulllcs hale
ycl bud to bc icpoi'lcd, students
liliie had lollt- spokcll tllollliccasioo,

a quorum. Several phone calls were
made to missing Senators and at
8:30 there was a total of thirty-six
legislators present.

The Questionnaire Committee re-
portcd that a group had been found
to undertake the responsibility of
publishing the Course Guide.

Senator Galii proposed a resolu-
tion that Senate‘Woluliteer” itselfas
the budgetary organization to be ill
charge of superyisingthe publication
of the Course Guide.

A committee including non—sena-
tor student, llll‘El' facility lnemllcl's.
and seven or more volunteer sena—
tors was to be set up for thepurposc
of conducting and controlling the
questionnaire and the final text of
the Course Guide.

The reasons for this proposal
were the instability of the group of—
fei‘ing its services, their lack of
experience ill constitutional mat-
ters, and that the Questionnaire
Committee itself exhibited no eli-
thusiasm for the Guide.

Opposition, Confusion, Withdrawal
Several senators fell faculty
members and senators had no place

on this new committee.

The question of whether the plan
would be subject to a veto by the
Questionnaire Committee was
raised. It was ruled that this would
not be the case.

The decision of the chair was
appealed froln. The vote on the ap-
pcal indicated that 22 senators fa—
vored giving the Questionnaire Com—
mittee a veto, while olily 12 were
against this idea. At this point Galu
withdrew his proposal.

Appropriations were given to Ac—
tiVities Day Committee ($25), S.U.
News for all advertising campaign
($50), and S. U. News for a repair
contract on the Headliner machine
($128.) This leaves $1,208.30 in
Contingency Surplus Fund.

The results of the Sophomore
Replacement elections were an—
nounced by Sandy Baburcliak. The
three winners are Gary Spielinanil,
Vera Konianowski, and Bob Gable.
The winners received 08, 00. and 58
Votes respectively. The nearest run-
lier up bad 43 votes.

AD. to Begin Dramatic Season;
Students to Present Four Plays

On Tuesday,

Nove mbe r

5, the curtain will go

up on the first evening of A.D. plays this semester.
These plays will be presented next Tuesday, Wednes—
day and Thursday in the Little Theater, Richardson
291. All students are welcome at these performances.

Baker and Stout

To Discuss Court

l‘tillllll of Politics \vlll pl'cscllt
llS lll‘Sl pl'llgiuill this afternoon at
1:13 lll luapct .‘l‘lii. l'czillli‘illg Dr.
Ralph lilikcl .illd in. Ronald Stout,
lhc discussion \'.lll (t’lllt’l on tho
\cli llfllt'l‘l topic, "'l‘llll Suprcnlc
t'lilll‘l and Public Policy."

Ill. lilikci is .l llicttlllcl of lllt‘
Stutt- UllfH‘lSlH lit-pallmclll oi
l‘olitiliil Silt‘lli't‘ .illd bur. taught on
tho .\ll.lliy hillllt. fol :illllost thi
it‘ill‘i.

lli, Sioiil 1S non scl\illil, .is .i
pi Illt'hhtil Ill l’olitil :ll Sciclll'c :it tho
Sinic Until-l sit. Lil .idilzill- School of
l'llblil :\ll.lllS in Albany and lllt’»
’llt'tlSl. tonight ill llifllllltilllll t ollcgt‘
ltll it pcl loll of It» ’.t“.fl.S

llolh llll‘ t“.llt‘l|‘ in tho field of
Allicl lcall illilltlt'dl lliSIlIlllllllix.

ill. Stout Will bill-fly analyse Illt‘
changing role of tho Supiolllo (.‘oiiit
III the fol llliilioll of public policy
tllllliit', lliL’ twentit-lh lcntul‘y, liflcl'
\‘illlt'li lll. liakcl \vill discuss the
t'lll lclll llcllds iisthoy apply specifi—
culls to the plcselll t‘uSt‘S on legis-
hitiic i'elippoltioolllolll.

A question and uliSVli‘f' poliodwdl
l'otll'liltlt- the pi llgl'iiiii.

This is an important and timely
topit, and all llicllibcrs of the uni-
volsily colillliiillily illtclcslcd ili
('Ill lcllt ifllilll s alc lil god to ulluljll,

There is no admission fee.

Each evening there will
be four one—act plays pre—
sented. Roz Fer ‘ara ’64,
assisted by Mary Mastran-
gclo ’65, is directing
Sil‘indborg’s “The Strang-

01..”
Other Plays

Sharon llousc ’tl-l, assisted by
l.'. on Mustard ’04 is directing
"Smoothing L'nspokl-n” by 'l‘elllies-
sl-l- Williams. lauch of these two
plays illyolics the build—up of psy-
ciloiogil‘ul boluccll tyyo
\\'tlll|L‘|I.

sitnpcllsc

'l‘hl- other two pliiis \\lfl(‘li \Hll
lil‘ plcscnlcd illt‘ iii a lightcl ycin.
Shilli 'l'oyvllsclld ’tl-l assisted by
Nancy Alldclson ‘tli'l, is liilcl-ling
\\illllllll Ingc’s "’l‘lle 'l‘iliy Lionel,"
illitl Nlillly [Mfume ‘67, assisted
ll. Gt‘lltfllt‘ lioss 'bt'l, is lliivt‘tliig
“ l'liv (Jillllt’ll Alto." lli lililjlliSl‘lilill.

Cast Members

t‘asl lliclilllci .5 include Mal y 'l‘eili—
plo ’ofl, lirollda Smith ’64, Gladys
\i’illkWoith ’04, Kathryn Barker ’07
the t'haiiibel's ’06, Robert Dietr.
'05, Terry lit/.gei'ald ’U-I, Alice
lx'alz, ‘titi, and Richard lioolh ’0’].

Each studelll director \vorks ill-
depclilielltly with lhe cast he has
selected. while the technical and
backstage \voi‘k isexecutedby mem-
bers oi lhc Advanced lli'ainatics
Class not working ill that time.

 

  
   
     

