it

of

E!
ii.
%

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

IPC To Blame, llot President

We would like to take issue with a statement made
by the Common Staters in the March 15 issue of the
S.U.N.: “If IFC had a lion, instead of a kitten at its
head, an induced forno of house-cleaning couklbe ef-
fected.”

Several facts were apparently overlooked by the
Common Staters. The IFC under its present consti-
tution does not have the power to act against individuals
in a fraternity on matters that do not fall into specified
areas as defined it its constitution.

Bill Leo since his assumption of the IFC Presidential
position has been vigorously pushing for a strong IFC
capable of solving and acting upon common fraternity
problems. There has been acommittee on the lFC con—
stitution since Leo took office.

A large quantity of man—hours and research has gone
into culling other colleges’ IFC constitution and ideas
on the role of the iFC on other campuses. This is not
something done overnight anymore than is Senate reor-
ganization.

A new way of life and thought is not developed except
through unstinting effort and far-range thought. These
Bill Leo has devoted in abundant quantities to the IFC.
_ The IFC and fraternity relationship is complex, but
it is unjust to blame an almost impotent lFC on such a
dynamic leader as Leo. who unfortnately has not been
granted the tools which the IFC needs to perform effec-
tively.

As long as fraternities insist on an iFC that is sub-
servient to the individual fraternities instead of being
the total of the sum of its parts, we will continue to
haye iln IFC president who appears to be a kitten and
no a ion.

lunior Election Poorly Conducted

Today is the last day in which the members of the
Class of 1964 have the opportunity to vote for a repre—
sentative of their class to the Student Senate.

The election is to fill a vacancy -aused by the with—
drawal of a newly elected senior,

We consider the handling of the election highanded.
There was no formal announcement to Senate thata va-
cancy exists in their body. There was no announcement
about the nominations before the class meeting.

Yet despite these facts, the nominations were made
at the class meeting and the sheet was placed on the
Junior bulletin board for a very brief time for any
possible additions.

The voting will be over at 3:00 put. it started this
last Wednesday.

Thus we have an election that the senate was not told
of officially, that the principal newspaper ofthe campus
was unable to give proper coverage to, and that most of
the students are not aware.

We do not know whether the Student .\ssoeiation Pres-
ident, Election Commission, or the l‘lleciirm (‘oniniis—
sioner is responsible. We suspect the guilt is shared.
We do know that the election isgrossly unfair to Senate,
the Class of 1964, and entire student body.

But the greatest unfairness of all is to the candidates
who are seeking to serve the student body. Political
relaties being what they are, we know some candidates
will do better than they would if there were full ex—
planation of the election. The advantage goes to the
candidate or candidates with strong iii~groups behind
them.

.\t this late date we can do nothing but condemn the
individuals who are responsible for an eleeiioii of this

 

 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
   

sort.
SI (/1 . .o u ' 777$" 7‘
. tale .nrvereiiy NI: W5
ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6
BY THE CLASS OF lala
NEWS BOARD
DAViD JENKS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . ..   ..EUlTOR-lN~CH|EF
LiNDA LASSELLE .....Exocutivo Editor
JOSEPH GALU..... . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Manoglng Editor
CHARLES BAKER.. ..Publlc Rolatlonl Editor
SANDRA DONALDSON .. oaturo Editor
LlND MC L UD ............................... .. Auocloto Editor
Sport: Editor

WlLLlAMCOLGAN,.    . .... ..
SYLVIA LiCCARDl ..  .  .. Bulinoll Editor

ANNE E. DUGAN  Consultant Editor
LINDA P._WH T   . Consultant Editor
KAREN SCHEINMAN . Circulation-Exchange Editor

.................. .. Advortloin Mono r
OLlVER BEAUCHEMlN ................................... ..Conoultant Tochnical guporvlg;

EDITORlAL STAFF
Assistant Editor.  ... ,. .. .. ..... .. . Paula Duioli, Eugono Toboy

   
      
   

Pbot raphy... ....Torr Roiii , Poul Bochorx, John Mo r
DoolioEdltou  ............... ..Joon llfouryr Sully Hooi . Patricio 1.in
Ropoltora............Jocquo no Adamo, Bornico Avila, Edith HarJy, Karon Koolor

Richard Pavilo. Patricia leudrlowohl, Kit Rorog, Joanna Sobih
Coiumni." ............................................. ..Paul Jonson, J. A. Gomol. Gory Lucxoii

TECHNICAL STAFF

Alolotont Tocl'inical Suporvllor ...................................................... ..Su|ori Thomlori
Tochnlcol Auiltanto.     Claudio Colbort, Judy Congor, Donna Nolan.

Linda Stacy

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 22 1963

i Communication

To tho Edltor:

In answer to last week’s letter
concerning the function of Student
Government. we the Senate Tuition
Committee. would like to present
a summary of our actionsthus for.

Since our formation at the first
Senate meeting on Wednesday.
March 6. we have been in contact
with Mr. Blodgett of the Financial
Office. Dean Stokes. Derringcrand
Hartley in order to try to piece
together information concerning
the tuition problem and the effect
on the student body next year.

.\t our next committee meeting
we will begin work on the fore
mutation of a booklet available to
all students. This booklet will in-
clude:

1. A description of the scholar
incentive program.

2. its availability to students
with regard to parent's net taxable
income. regents scholarships. and
general financial position.

3. its availability to students
with regard to academic standing.

4, .\nswers to the. many ques—
tions that have been left unans-
we red concerning the tuition prob-

‘lem.

We hope that this brief resume
of our proposed booklet (to be
available before the end of this
semester) will giVe the student
body an idea of the purpose and
function of our committee.

Lastly. Senate holds its meet—
ings on Wednesday nights at 7:30
in the Brubaeher dining room.
These meetings are open to all
students and anyone wishing to
express an opinion or to offer a
suggestion is urged to attend,

Rolpoctluliy Iubmlttod,
Sonoto Tuition Committoo

i n o r l (ES 1
Dippikill

Groups planning to use (‘amp
Dippikill should complete appli—
cation blanks in the Student Per-
sonnel Office. l-fiirly application
will aid (‘amp lloard in establish—
ing a programand sehcrliilingmorc
than one group at a time.

(‘hapcrones should be members
of the college faculty and should
attend one meeting of (‘amp Board
prior to visiting the camp.

The (‘amp Board bulletin board
will carry additional information.

 

Printl Availahio

'l‘wenty five well known art prints
will be ;i\‘ll£ilili' to students on
Sunday. March 2:3, between tiztiti
and 7:30 pm. at the Student i'nioii
tifficc. The prints are available
through the Student i'iiion tirgnii-
ization.

‘. one dollar deposit must be
madc when borrowing the prints.

Some of thr prints that are
available are now being shown in
the l'nion.

lndonolion Evonlng

tin Tuesday, March ’33, 1903,
.it 6:30 p in. at the First Presby—
terian ('liurch, corner of State .iiid
\\ illeit Streets, thelndonesianstu-
dents Will present an lndonesizin
l- veiung

The event IS sponsored by iill‘
i ii i e rna t | on i l t‘enii-i‘ .lilil the
\ioiiieii‘s ('lubs ol \lih‘lllV

lili' program will include a dis—
pliy oi .irts .lilil traits, .i pre-
si-uiatioii oi songs .iiid dances, and
a display of ioods. The cost for
students vvill be til 35
for others lS $1! (iii.

For iiiloriiiiitioii and reserva~
tions t'dll the international ('enter
.it lliiivtilTl or eliiii—titih'i,

The cost

 

("ampus ('oriiiiiissioii wishes to
inform the student body that any
lost articles should be reported
lo the information desk in lirapei'
ilall (directly across from Min-
erva). \l'lli'lt‘S inayalsobepicked
up there

\i'hen an article is lost, d note
is taken .iiid illi'tl \s soon as tlli
.irticle is found, the files are
checked and a note is placed lll
student llhlll inlorming the

oer.-
that the I m“

article has been liiillltl.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Simhoid

 

 

 

WW-WWCTVWVHWVVV -V----V---- -- - . . . V,
W- W
.A--“WAAAMAAAMM“A an AWAA 1
I . . . “A

ON DISPLAY. . ..
Just when everyone thought that they had an dll‘ tight eisi- igin-o
the existence of FR.\Tl-‘.R.\‘l'l‘ll?SandSORORlTllCSon campus so." Noni”:
worthwhile is done. Realizing thatthese groups Were not the only um
who participated, State Fair was ostensibly planned and org-inmi
(including setting up and clean up) by them. State l“(lll‘ proii iv-i .3;
occasion for these groups to engage in some wholesome liiil lll'i' wi
towards a very worthwhile goal.
NONE TO BE SEEN. . ..

in this same vein,State Fairofferedtothc faculty and :iiinuniuw
an opportunity to meet FR.\TERNlTllCSandS()ll(iRl'l‘ll~ISoii .iii l’ll'i' -‘ d.
social basis. We feel that this event would have given the f.ll"il". e f
administration a broader conception of the individuals invole
human beings rather than the stereotyped imagescommonlviho-m" -
to the TEN or so faculty members who werepr‘csmii and at i 1;:
participate. our thanks. By your participation the general Ililli‘i xiv i
was enhanced. Those of you who Were not there, and who \\ iii 2' ‘-
the grape vine (and rumors) for information, we feel, h [‘0‘ '33- - .
lot. Remember understanding goes  ways.

TOWARD OLIGARCHY. . . .

Many people are extolling theadventoftheparliamentsirinii~~‘  i
mentarian in the 1963—64 version of the Student .\ssoei illii't i'
From our observation Robert's Rules hiiye becomeu tool in» \‘ z :
“rubber-stamp" program may be effected. \lhile we do iioi is. i a.
anarchy in such an "august" bodyoflegislators,we definitelv iv ‘ '
the junior statesmen are being intimidated into inaction, illll~ 1
what seems to be a purely nepotistic program to be (liiill‘tivi'l
challenge. in the selection of the Rivalry (‘hairiiiziii \\i' it ~-
certain individual got a R.\\\’ deal. Perhaps decisions ot sin b ' Ir "
should be decided by the previous senate as their last impozw ‘ r
for as a body they are more aware of the personage being en- ii 'i
REACH FOR THE NOOSE. . ..

Judging (as most of us are at this time) from a llitllt‘l‘ iii. *
posted in liru last week, thirteen members of the inner i .i‘ i
about inexperience an adventure in law, Their right to do tin
lie ([UlfSlittilt‘tl, since, a precedent has been set by :i [)i‘i-viiHb- i'
Some Living Souls canatest \l'ehavethe utmost faith ill the iirl i'
til this body. howrivr-r, it shouldbekept lll mind that the party it .‘
Involved should not become sacrificial lambs, placed oii tbi
appeasement.

INTERNMENT. . ..

The first test pilot to break the lli‘dl barrier his liiiillllii’
ti" ll titliiv :li ihc i). \.l it is evident that l-ili lll is pi-t i
taught in lhlS institution since it is one of the prime i-i-ipu or
good classroom to have plenty of ventilation and sun light
time we Will blame the high incidence ofsluiiilieriiig Silliii'ii'
rise in temperature, but the forthcoming l’oli may lit"'\" t
ANNIE. . . .

\\'e received lwii

t

 

ilt'ki‘is‘ via the student ll|.l|l ioi 'h

iii-ni'r- wi- iii-(‘Iiii-(l p, Drug-“HI _, {Swmrglhlp Uplmlm “Nanny, ,,,.

frei-

for a change (my, biil lilIS isdiifieultl) Seriously. W“ “"4" "“H
breath the iorthcoiiiing H:- v ue Hood luck to you “it” iHV“ i‘ V
and tiring hours Ill presenting inotiier gre Ii shim
LICENTIOUSNESS. . ..

lhi- recent furor over certain .illegi-d llllltll‘lllltil“i Hi It

iiulure strikes us .is being both over worked til‘l iti'l""l""‘” "I
student body is not sophisticated enough to -lt't"'l’l iii” 'l'l’" H.

math-r, perhaps illl‘ l-IiiLllish literature i'ill'l'li'lillilliiii ilii‘\ rt

should be ieviiiipi-rl. tine oi the purposes of t‘iilli'il." i“ ""
tliiiilxiiig llltllVltlllJllS, lnil it seems of late that \\ \Niim i"‘il~'-"“'
llVWUl‘tl “ilijilii'luisioii hasn‘t much of a kick i‘UIHIHL'u “""' H" l' I ‘
getting a lot of free publicity

? OF THE WEEK. . ..
ll Junior Wooitond a sign-out wookond??????

 

College C olendar

Friday:
All—College Revue
KB Date rarty....
Saturday:
A11~Gollege Revue
APA Date tarty...
Sunday:
All-College Revue

 

ooooooaooo

i3.

 

 

 

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS. FRIDAY, MARCH 22. 1963

“David and Lisa’ Accomplishes Rare Combination:
Entertainment Plus Unpretenlious Artistic Quality

by Paul Jonson

Entertainment and artistic
caliber are two of the major prop-
erties that a motion picture should
have. But it seems generally ac-
cepted that these two qualitites are
mutually exclusive: 3 filmthathas
pretentions toward “art” cannot
possibly be enjoyed on any other
level.

This idea. though, is constantly
being contradicted — usually by
pictures from abroad,occasionally
by a domestic product. One such
movie, which has already received
a good deal ofattcntion is David and
Lisa.

Produced on a shoestringbudgct

by a husband and wife team ofmovie
novices. the film is one of high
rank. One of its majoradvantages
is the fact that it is unpretentious.
an attribute very often lacking in
American films.

The main character is David. a
brilliant young man who. neverthe—
less. firmly believes that ifanyone
touches him he will die. Lisa is
a schizophrenic who speaks only
in rhyme. The film is concerned
with the developing attachmentbe—
tween these two. and theirultimntc
cure due, mainly. to their love for
each other.

it is an often funny film, but
its humor is honest and human.

Discussion 0t Senate Rules
Prolongs Recent Meeting

The discussion and adoption of
the “Senate Rules" took up a total
of 2 hours as this weeks Senate
meeting lasted until a little before
10 o’clock.

.\ppointments confirmed tichn—
ate last week were upheld in spite
of errors in the recording of vot—
ing.

No Bus

l-‘inzinee committee chairman,
Senator liarbara 'l'ownsend '65,
reported that at present an oiit—
right purchase of a bus for S. \.
Seems financially infeasible and
that chartering will serve as the
present order.

The Confederation committee
reported that in eoniuiiction with
(iswego, several curricula ofStatc
colleges and privati- universities
in the state will be compared with
d view to future iiiiprovemenis.

"Senate Rules" Set

The big fireworks of theevening
came with the discussion of “Seri-
aie Rules" whose dominance in
Senate conduct ranks secoiidonlv
to the Constitution and are above
Robert‘s Rules of tirder

illli of the smoke canii- the reso—
lution reslaiing illl' power ol Scri-
ale to confirm (or reject) the ap-
pointments made by the President.

Consideration Period

.\ tiirtliei' :iiiieiidiiieni
this .i one week period ol consid—
ei'.itioii be given to :ill nominations

requires

and H eoiiinieiidationsiroiiioutsidi-
of Senate i-oiiiniittees, Slii‘li as the
lil\.lli‘\’ (‘oiiiiiiilieiz

Reviewer Finds
Welcome Reliel

by Anno Littloilold
iAnno thtlollold il a wrltor of full longth
novoll, Morin, and orticiol. Hor myltory
novol which Mrl. Bonnott? will Ioon op-
poor In paporbocit odltlon.i

Corrlo J. Carroll and Othor Pooml, Roy
l... Hill. Dorranco and Co., Philadolphia,
Pa. 35 pp.. $2.50.

iiiosi- who idkt'
much modern poi-try is being dii~

i diiii view of

ili'ltli iiid obscure is io form. or
gloomy lllll iiiiiilislie is ill «on
li‘lii will illl'l, perhaps, some sol»
ti'I' lll \li‘ llill's writing

l'hr-si- ii’i- old fis'hioiicd littl'lli‘*,
(it'lH‘l illv lviiial Ill lei-ling, ilii'v
lollo‘w simple, iiill\i'lliiiill
ioi'iii~., ind it‘ilil lo

ltltl id‘iilltllll'ii \Il'

ilitilll\
.il ltllll'tl
i'li‘iiiriiaie ilu'
love. i'lldl ity, siiiglr-iie».-i oi
luniiily of nature, lem

tin-s »
liinii‘i, lllt‘
perance, piety
“Enrichmont”

l-darulr-d in his ‘illlllli \li'\\, \ll’
llill seems slrangely .iiid perhaps
ii.lll[)|l\’ Illliiillt'lit‘iliiVli'tlllylililiilliil
He begins .l i'alh'ii “|‘.ii
iii'hiiieiii" by SdViililf.

poem

The wondrous gift of lilo in lroo.
it‘s iroo for him, for hor, for you:
ll Coll UI nothing to bo born, 
lii‘gzii'illi’SH (if \Nlli'illt‘l' iillt' libs

Violently at the ideas here, ihi-re

I'nder the article concerning
v ot i n g, Senate finally resolved
their conCept of”simple majority”
and “quorum.” Perhaps ~13 min—
utes were spent raising, amending,
rejecting. resiii'reeting, and finally
passing a statement of what eon—
stituted a properly attended, busi—
ness transacting, Senate meeting.

it was decided that a quorum
consisted of three—foiirihs of the
n‘iembership excludingthose mem—
bers excused for student teaching.

No Drastic Action
The most important action oftlie
evening dealt with the vote neces—
sary for actual passage of Senate
bills. .\ majority of the total meni-
bership excluding thoseexcusedby
the \'ice President and those stu-

dent teaching is necessary for
approval.
This amendment was deemed

necessary to encourage attendance
and to force the clarification ofall
items on the floor, Previously it
was felt that abstaining votesWere
being improperly used.

in toto, no drastic measures
were passed \\’ednesday eyening.

Previous Appointments

in previous meetings tliefollow—
ing appoints were madc: .iolin
Stiirtevani ‘il‘l, parliamentariziii;
l‘:ii l":iss:ino‘ii.‘i, soiigleader; l’hyl—
lis third ‘iifi, acting secretary:
tiai'y l’etre ‘tlfi, \liiiish-r of Sin
ill‘lli-l“:i('illi\' Relations: violin i ll'
gri 'i'i-i, \liiiisterol'liei-riaiiion;and
liave tiag’nier ‘iif‘i, lii\:ilrv Chair--
man.

Hill’s Poetry
from Cloom

is no denying that this 1S no beat
writer .'\lr. ilill |‘-i .lii i'n-lb-at,
even an \iitislieat poet.
lntoroIting Word Usage

may admire the way it]
llill lllltll‘l'lllil‘\ lllSlltiS'
lil’ ilir'
.tl't‘lldlSllls such .is

\iid we
which \ir
i.ilgii' i-lfi-i'is
sr-ioiis use oi
iiiii “ii'i'i'

unsi-If-eon-
rims”... o

\iii‘ in il|.lkt‘
use of inverted woiii orders, sel-

(huts lll‘ llt“‘i|i.lll‘

doiii t'iillll' iipriii Ill I'iiliii‘lllltill‘dl'v

versi- \s~

Surroridor not to flame of nauian grand.

iii--

And conquer it i euroin mil,

For dooth II but a droum.

i'niraiiiiiieled, then, by current
lads or lashioii, \li‘ lilll
presents us with .iii almost p.is~
ioi'al view of the \\itl'lil. \gain,
.itypieallv, \lr. llill accepts him»
Si‘lf and his past, ind goes on
li'om lillS acceptance to affirma-
iliiii

“(it'llt'

Embodimont of Virtuo

Not that lll‘ is unaware of the
hiiiimiw ri'riim. Sonic of his
best poems embody the sense oi
personal pain

\iid for all the unevenness of
technique and occasional trite-
ncss or sentimentality of expres—
sion, there is faith here, and
hope. No small virtues in our
time.

rather than forced and trite. it
is also a moving film. aninterest-
ing film, and an infectious film.

A great deal offeelingis created
for the character of David. lim-
pathy. admiration — call it whatyou
will. it still remains impossible to
paraphrase.

Much of this is due to the writ-
ing, but even more is the result of
Keir Dullea’s excellent perform-
ance: he manages to present David
as an exceptionally full—bodied in-
dividual.

Janet {\largolin. while overshad-
owed by Dullea. is still effective
as Lisa. and Howard DaSilvaasthe
psychiatrist does well as a coun—
terpoint to the youthful stars.

The picture was directed by
Frank Perry, with his wife as
scriptwriter. and surprisingly -
since this is their first movie ven-
ture — they both do very good jobs.

But. since the human mind is
falliblc, no film can be entirely
without flows. David and Lisa,whilc
having a good deal less than its
share, is no exception. The film
is presented in a series ofscenes,
each of which is so short that none
seem to last more than three or
four minutes.

The eoncepl of psychologically
disturbed youth is treated. in this
film. in a rather llomanticized
manner. The impression is given
that they areallharmless, friendly
people who make no trouble if left
alone.

in addition, the ultimate “cure”
of David and Lisa is oversimpli-
fied. Not particularly well pre-
pared for, vaguely motivated. and
rather unexplained. it seems un—
likely that it could really come
as soon and as easily as it does.

Despite these comparatively mi—
nor flows, David and Lisa remains
an excellent film, andan .\merican
phenomenon — a film that suc-
cessfully co mb i he 3 “art” and
“quality” with entertainment.

Quite an accomplishment!

House Committee
Exaggerates Communist Presence.

lay Jolopll VLGclu Perhaps the United States in
For the past week and 3 ha” the same developing condition
Americais radical right and the would appreciate having its aldcut
House Un_,\merican Activities off in the middle of its develop-
Committee have been raving about mem-
the supposed fact that there are .\ cut-offofaidwouldaccomplish
Communists in Brazil. “0mian POSWVe from our 90"“ 0‘
paui Harvey. a commentator view and would aid the Commun—

on ABC radio. bragged that he had ists-

told his listeners about the Reds ‘R‘m‘er 'h‘m ‘llsculsmng the 0h'
more than a year ago. Viously poor reasoning behind the

There are Communists in the recent statements on the Brazilian
labor unions. the nationwide Sm_ situation. perhaps lshouldaddress

(lent groups. and the government. "W39" m the, h‘mpenings “Tum
This was the beginning of every prcCipatated this barrage of tripe.

one of the releases. Background
No Narnoo, Ronlu, Ponlrlom A couple years ago. when Presi—
Next they would say that there dent Janio Quadros resigned and
are Communists in ii specific un- Vice President Goulart took over.

ion and a specific student group. the legislature. passed laws great—
the powers of the

Current Comment

 

After that the news release or ly reducing
the news commentators would president.
say “and in the government" or The reason for this was the

words to that effect. supposed far-left—wing lea n i ngs
This simple release was fol— of (loulart. Recently the people
lowed in most cases by statements of Brazil in a referendum restored
that the government shouldstopall the old full powers to Goulart.
aid to the government of Brazil. Fun". pndicnd
How can any logical.clearthink- Now WP. in ihmw‘ haw. 1. far
int-5 PPI‘SO“ 0V9“ (“Wider Sllf‘h ‘1 leftist controlling Brazil. From
COUY‘SPOfHNiOW’ now until the end of (loulart's
Connoctlon Locking term we expect continuing ravings
To begin with there is no con— from the far right and Mr. Harvey.
nection between the student group i do not dismiss the problem
and the government or the labor of (‘onimunisminSouthAmericaor
union and the government. particularly in Brazil and more
The loudly biased reports did particularly northeast Brazil. I
not mention even one instanCc of do say thiii right wing raves about
Communist infiltration into the Communism are not reasons to
government. And yet the releases make changing in our foreign airl
and the individuals said that all program.
government aid should be stopped.
liven assuming that the state— it is unfortunate that inthis case
ments are true there is no reason the exaggeration is, based on an
to stop foreign aid, official release of the State De-
partment. Despite this fact the in-
R'°'°""‘9 E'°"""'d formation released was much toO
if hilViniI 1| single Communl’“ 0" vague and far too brief to provide
even several Communists in a ‘ proper has-ls {or the type of
WVOmnlem is reason fm' “Ping generalizations whichlhaveheard.
given no funds. the l'nited States Generalizations {mm inform“-
thilhlv WOUM “at he “Hi-Phi? for tion as limited as this does not
any aid, With ovvr two million servo "1,, highest purposesofne\vg
civilian employees and many more commentators or newspaper. in-
military enipiOyPOS. it is "9"." formation of this sort should have
doubtful that all Communists have been tho (“mm of critical umly-
ilt‘t‘n i‘XC‘i‘I‘i“d~ sis. not partisan glee.

Miller Criticizes Modern Man In Two Books
lhrough tlse iii Absurd Humor And Bitter Satire

by J. A. Gomol

llcnry .\liller is an author‘in on
one subject - himself. .\‘o matter
what his writings obstensibly deal
with, they form part of a long ex—
tended comment on his life andhis
iliiii‘S, This twentieth century
\\'alt “Tillilldll sings varied prose
songs, which i‘.llli.{l‘ from the lii‘ll*

liaiil (Tho Colossus of Marouui) to
fill“ grotesque (Tho Tropic of Can-
cor).

'l'wo inexpensive Signet paper-
bar-ks, Nights of Lovo and Laughtor
ii! lH~l7, fiiii‘, and Tho lntimato Hon-
ry Millor ii lh‘iib, "itii‘, present
examples of \liller’s writing in
its best .lllll worst phases.

lly far, the most humorous oi
the selections is " \strologii'al
l’rii-assei- " In illlS story, \lll'
lt‘l' and his lll' sorled friends find
themselves in the midst of an
absurd llollvuood party

'l he host, .ill I'ili'lillll iii-.istrolo»
gei', .iiiil lillii' tenths ol the gut-Hts
.iri- obiiox' l ous pseudo~sophisii-

i'ales \i'tificiuhly reigns sii~
pi‘eiiie '\li's liulioil, one of the
most t‘riiliii' oi the psiiedo iiiiel

lectuals, eveii Imssi-ssi-s .lll .ii'ii
lii'ial leg
iniormod Toilr

Ml‘S. liilliiiil. d t-it‘l‘ki’l' iii llll‘
truth, engages \lllll‘l' til .i eon--
vcrsaliori.

“('liureliill . he‘s probably
the most lil‘lllldili man in i"ngliind."

"Next to \\'liiiehe.id, you mean."

"\i'liliclieiid""

“Yes, the man who
gong for (it‘l'il'lltlt‘ Sir-in. \‘onknow
(lertrude Stein, of course'.’ No"
Well then you must have heard of
l~friiest lleiiiiiigway""

“(ih Yes, now i know
his first wife, wasn't she""

lira-p wrlhin the heart of most

rang the

She was

fibre of his being: that is why he
is a prey to germs. .\nd that is
why he is allergic to everything
that is for his own good."

The essay. “Rider Haggard,"
gives one little insight into llag—
gui‘rizs world, but it presents ini-
and i‘eyealiiig aspects of

good comedy rests the seedlings
of tragedy, and .\liller‘s story is
no exception.

liycn though they are ridiculous,
the main characters are capable
of evoking a Si‘ilSi‘ of tragedy.
l‘his trngraly. however, does not

stem from heroic greatness of portaiit
personality. its source is loea— .\lilli-r’s.
ted iiillii‘piillii’llt'liii‘Liiiiiig’li‘SSlii‘Ss
of false existence,
Childhood Examined
mey °lApp'°°ch \liller M'i‘lilS to believe in a

sciiii—\\ o rd s wo rt h i :i n view of
childhood The ('illltl, rather than

in “The Staff of l.ife,H .\llili'i‘
employs a different approach from

that found in most of his other ii... edict.“ .lIiilll. is much closer
essays, Rather than merely hre— l.) I”, “n.1,.rglynmng 01' pi}. fifty“.
seating his ideas and letting his “1,...mlli mu ,.,.i,,.lv

readers slowly digest them. he or}... “and. 1 “mm. i,,.],..\r,.'
assaults the l‘t‘llilt‘l'\\’llll.‘lS1l\’.it.{l‘l\' it; closer to (God than the saint.

satirical account. He is forceful, p, hm, lg m...” ,mmmmn ,,\.,.,.
direct, and despite .i lew shori— ii“. (Lurk rm...“S “mph m. mugi
comings in method and develops Ur“... i,,.i‘.,,~,. m. mm Haw... ii“.

i I

ment. quite coiivini'ing. liglii oi illuiinnaiion

‘I‘ukmii ow lowlandsvmimiw mini, ricotta... i..- i...i ii. i...
meanings of bread as his starting “Urgmpwup Univ 1,1,. 115,.” ,1..-
point, he presents .i bitter di.i~ g,.,-.,..,. 1,.“ hunldwr r}... m”-

it'll’t‘ “will?” ill" 'tlt'ili-‘i iltt‘l Nillt‘h‘ teiiiporarv man sees little use in

oi \mi-ricaiiculture worshipping lite, He has lost

“\Viiltl ii” i find \i’l‘titli,’ With both youth and innocence. .iiid
\lttt‘I‘H'il” ifVi‘i'VlilHli-i» ilit‘iil'l iii clings only to his illusions .lllii
the beginning, with the siaffot life: “p.315,

if the bread iS bad. the
bad I say we
lii‘i‘aii In the

Chango at End

l“lllilll\’. near the end of the es,“
say, .\lilli-i' reaches a monisiic
view of life. " \iid l diScovi-rcd
that lathe r and son are one, More,
immeasurably more: i found at
last that all is one."

like i). ll. l.;iwreiice, Miller
is a bitter critic of the twentieth
century man of industrial and ma—
tei'ial progress, and like law—
rcnce. he sometimes directly iii—
tends to shock his reader lie is
sczitologicul, bold, grotesque. and
maybe even offensive, luii he is
certainly worth investigation

bread.
whole life is
make the foiilest
world,"

Logic Followed

'l hose who make the worst bread
also make the worst men. lluman
life is cheap in .’\ill(‘l‘|(';l because
machines, and not men, get the
best attention.

.\iiiei‘icans are not really iii—
tci‘cslcil in tasting good food; they
more interested in obtaining

(lei‘ms must be dcss
“Man is rolling in every

are
yituiiiins.
il'iivi'il

 

