  

NEWS Recommends Senators

We have taken upon ourselves to pass judgmenton the
people who are seeking seats in the Student Senate. We
do not know everyone who is running. For this reason,

we are recommending brief lists of exceptional people.

We have selected people on the basis of ability and
We do not mean to detract in
any way from the people we are not recommending. We
believe the people listed below will make exceptional

real accomplishments.

Senators — something every Senate needs.

Our short list of exceptional frosh is BillBate, Steve
Curti, Anne Digney, Art Ferrari, Pep Pizzillo and
Gary Speilman. Here especially we point out that these
people are the stand outs that we know. There are
many others; only one who knows the entire class

could name all the standouts.

Our recommendations for the Class of 1965 are
Darlene Delio, Rick Genero, Art
Johnston, Maggie Mansion, Dick Stenard, Norm Stewart,

Nancy Baumann,

Barb Townsend, and Ed Wolner.

Our recommendations for the Class of 1964 are
Columba DeFrancesco, Tony DiRocco, Joe Galu, Leona
Kerpel, Piret Kutt, Lenora McCabe, Jim Miles, Sue

Murphy, Libby Stroud, John Tyo, and Patter Wickes.

The above recommendations shouldgoibe interpreted
as a statement that the people are unqualified for offices

other than Senate. The recommendations are entirely
an attempt to aid in the improvement of Senate.

In making the above recommendations we have at—
tempted to ignore fraternity and sorority ties. We
have also deliberately avoided recommending a few
people who have sat in Senate during the pastyear.

New Brothers to Set Standards

A little less than two weeks ago, approximately
seventy men accepted bids from the five fraternities.
Most of these men are from the Class of 1966. The
fact that they are now in frats will affect them in
many different ways.

There will be the inevitable few who will ignore their
old friends in favor of their new group. Fortunately
there will be only a very few who will fall into this
category.

Most of the men will show their maturity by realizing
that one receives benefits from fraternities only in di—
rect proportion to the amount they donate. The person
who will make a “gooc” Creek is the person who is
out to contribute, not derive.

Most of the men will live with their decision for
three and one—half years. Their lives will be changed
and they will change their lives. There will be altera—
tions not only in the individuals, but also in the five
groups.

If the new member wants to know how well he will fit,
he can ask himself a couple questions. is he willing
to contribute to the group, to improve its “image” and
to help his brothers? is be willing to help set high
standards for the university—-in dress, in academic
standards, and in social life'.’

It is clear that in these three categories (dress,
academic standards, and social life) there is room for
a good deal of improvement. Perhaps this year we will
not see any drunks on the front steps of a particular
house. Perhaps this year an effective campaign will
be started to improve the standards of dress.

Perhaps this year we will see. an improvement in
the fraternities in general. If this happens, maybe
we’ll see Greeks on the new canipi.

 

State (In 1' rersi l'y .VE W '5

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

NEWS BOARD
DAVID JENKS ,. ................................... ..
LINDA LASSELLE
JOSEPH GALU
SANDRA DONALDSON
LINDA MCCLOUD
WILLIAM COLGAN.
SYLVIA LICCARDI
CHARLES BAKER.
ANNE E. DUGAN,,.
LINDA P. WHITE .,
KAREN SCHEINMAN
CLIFFORD RUGG
OLIVER BEAUCHEMIN

[DI [OR IN CHIEF
Executive Editor

Managing Editor

Feature Editor

Associate Editor

Sports Editor

. Business Editor
Public Relation: Editor
Consultant Editor
 Consultant Editor
Circulation-Exchange Editor
Advertising Manager
Technical Supervisor

 

“hottest-AL STAFFMW
  Eugene Tobey

Editorial Assistant.    . .. 
.. Torry Reilly, Paul Bochoix, John Meyer

Photography;   
DESK EDI TORS Joan Astoury, Paula Dulalr, Sally Healy, Patricio Jewell
REPORTERS Jacqueline Adamo, Lowil Bowman, Edith Hardy, Koren Kooier.

Michael Kotbo, Richorci Pavlis, Patricia Libudziewski, Patricia Howard
 Paul Jonson, EIirobeth Stroud, l‘rodericli Smith
TECHNICAL STAFF

luiriol Siiiiiii, t luudio Colbert, Linda Stacy, Susan Thomson

COLUMNISTS

PAGE 2 STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1963

 

Communications

 

 

 

Junior Defends
State Opportunities

To the Editor:

In your issue of February 15,
there was a letter by Ginny Mor—
gan concerning tuition.

in her letter she states: “if
your family’s net taxable income
is high enough so that you do
pay full $400 tuition, what are
you (Icing at Albany State?”

Does she mean to say that just
because your family’s net taxable
income is in the higher income
bracket, you don’t belong at .\1—
bany State? 1 always thought that
the State University offered equal
educational opportunities to all!

Steve Freedman '64

Peace Group to
Present Speaker

“.\dolescence and the Cold War”
will be the subject of an informal
lecture by Dr. John ltosenbach of
the 1'? du ca t i on Department next
Thursday evening, February ,2“,
at 7:30 in ilrubacher llall.

ltr. Rosenbrich will explore the
nature of the. contemporary .\iiici‘»
ican society, which he character—
izes in a phrase as a “cold \\':li'
culture," and will attempt li)lil’lill.’.
into proper historical perspective
some of the forceswhich are mold»
ing the character and direction oi
today‘s “lost generation.”

The evening will mark the sec
ond program of the Student I’czicc
(iroup, and all collegiiins and fac
ulty members are cordiallv \t‘ck

come to attend.
Alden Hull

Plans Party

(In Saturday, February 22, .\ldcii
Ilall will hold an open house from
8 to 0 p.m. and ii datepariy from it
to 12 midnight in “\\'alileii."

‘l'hc tioldi-ii licrrics willproyide
music and there. will be refreshe-
niciits.

t'oiiiiiiitti-es for the party are
as follows; Refreshments—I.or—
i'ainc \\hite, Kay l“i':ihm,andI’aula
I’ropek; llaiid—(‘olumba l)(‘l“l'tlll*
ccsco, .\giies full, and ('zii'ric
Iti'ost; t'h.ipi-rIincs—l(:ithy liar-bo—
wicIi.

I'his will be \Idcn Hall's only
date party of the semester, sort is
hoped that it will be well attended.

Writers Supports

Tuition Refund

.\ow in the .\'cw York State \sa

si-iiilily t'oiiiiiiitIi-c on Ways liltl
\leaiis is :11) act to “amend the
education law in relation to I't‘ltlitil
oi tuition .lllt'I‘ four years in llli
trail-hing profession."

[be full, Introduced by \loii/ii
\\.iters, Iti-p., \volrid j)l't)\’|llt' for
llli‘ t"tllljtlt'lt‘ I'I‘llllltl ol tuition in
cui'ri-ii while “in pi'cp.ii':iti ‘il III! I
t' tI‘t'I‘l' llllllt‘ tinichiiigpi'iifcworn “

l'lns refund is limited to lbw-w
students who ll.l\'t‘ .itti-iidcd on,
college or university iiithcsi iii-oi
.\i-ii York.ind“Ilii-i‘c.ilterrpiiiiiii -,

and receives it teachingcei‘tiiii-in
under which he is employed ,I' l
teal-her in the school systcrii oi
this state. (.\cw York) ioi' .i pci'ioi
of tour yc.ii's.”

In order to obtain this l't‘llllitl l
person would have to apply to llit‘
Itcgciii-a oi the Stali- t'iiivci'sitv
.Iiiriii-s \lll('H, l‘ilt'(‘llt|ll
, ‘ I
(oiiiissrorir-i' . iii'iiroiiriicil‘

his resignation, Hairiih
itailiiir'clirih is IIH\\ Illt'

(ItHill:('Ulllllllhhlttlll'l‘. t

 

 

 

 

.\lil)'l)(‘ il' wc grit (ltt\\ll (til ()tll' lilt(‘(‘.H irriil l)t‘,t_r{_"i-il

v—vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv vvvvvvvvv vvwwvv-vvvvvvvvvv . .

gamma-ng

. AA-AA‘A‘AA“A‘»‘AA AAAA‘AAAA“MAMAAAAAA‘AA a A

V77,

..L

"This government of the people, by the people, for the people shall not perisli..," _
Abraham Lincoln

VICTORYL...

\\e |\':iiit llclicvc that, :it last, there is a contest for Stip‘
office, This is \ l’i‘opi-i' .\pproach — but what will it he" i
irons or' Iii‘othci'liooil'.’

OUR BEST TO YOU....

Iiick senatorial candidates — we hope victory 
lisappointing, .\lter all, :i debate li\'i'l‘ the price. of:i *.\'ii:~'i
interesting.

tiiiiiil

THE BROTHERS, THEY COME AND (30....

\\Iieri- have last year‘s goldfish goric',‘ IIoii’t be disillii
list. This period Kmilil lie :i ‘l‘rying experience for liver".

I’lcdg'c, but, ornehow, I.c:iving this Soon is .\ Poor \ppi'owi.‘
problem. The \\ irst is yet to come.

INVADERSL...

It may be, getting darker out later each night, but the r-Im'» ‘
been Sci \hcad Yet, girls. lie careful, thi- rules you bi'cif
Yttlll' own. I

NOW 15 THE TIME...

The voting machines are primed and the rainbow b I.“ »'
writing .\i,:cumulatcd popularity may now begin to pay oil. it i
we hope qualifications rind past service will be considered.

G—R—R-R FIGHT....
(to team. go — but doii‘i expect thi- t‘iIl~II-IltI.I-:.\.iil-jii- '

fOF THE WEEK....
??Did YOU ever meet a man you didn't “Ref???”

 

Co/fege Calendar

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22

 

9—3 p.m. Voting ................................. ..O|d Facult Dillltlt l- a
3‘5 le' ISC RUSh Parties .... ..Koppa Delta, Chi SigmaJ l' M!
‘ r )l i l‘

/—7 30 p m Candidate for Pb. Delta, Gamma K I“

S-A. President . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . ..WSUA Radio '1? "i “
7:00 P "1 I'IFC: ConSpiracy of Hearts" ............... .. 1 "1’
8—9 p.m. Alden Open House ................................ .. f“ “"‘
8:30 p.m. o a A Plays ' 

8:30—12:00 p.m.UCO Party 'I‘L'iiiéii'y'i'éi'np. ''''''''''''''''''''''''''' ~
Knights of ColUlTllHl‘r "1‘

9-12 e-m- Aldon o t P t um  -
SATURDAY, FEBRUARYf’Z‘a 0' Y ............................. 

l2—4 p.m. Voting ' l W
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , li'u (Junie ”
7100 P-m- "ch: Forbidden Gaines". . . H, I‘
8:30 p.m. Basketball: Oswago .... .. , . A'
1313‘02pdn. DB. APloys..........,,..,... .. ‘
- Mir. SUO B .k L u w
SUNDA ' FEBRUARY 2c; etholl Dance  . llriI I
3—6pm. Si Pl’ r) I l
MONDAY, FEBRUAanYO 25‘I 'emo in' '
3-~ P.nr. Voting .....................  .0ch Faculty Dmitri.) l"
~5 P-m- ISL Rush Parties .... ..Chi Sigma Theta, V'Iiii'” ["5” "

Pl D ‘) ililtl /‘1,lil
8:30 p.m. o a A Plays  o will
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24,

3—5 P.m. ISC Rush Parties . . . . .lietu Zeta, Corinne «(1,4161 3'.
T Sigma Phi Sigmu, PSI ion...»
['30 p'm' campus Christian Couiicrl Discussmn .Brii I‘riv Hz:
8 ’30 D Diiiiiig Robin
1‘ pm' 8‘ APIOYS   I" cit
WEDNESDW. FEBRUARY 27 1
’ h)_‘lll

' 8. p.m. D & A P
THURSDAY, FEBRUARYGZYBS

3—5 Pun. ISC Rush Parties -........5igrno Phi Si inn, pl” “U” ,I

730 Gamma Kappa Phil Cir” Slum“ Hm”

. P-m. Lecture: “Adolescence and the COM Wm“ H

lSriiliurIiui ll~l‘t

3:335 i'i.in Faculty Concert . . . . . , . . . . , . . . . . . . . . , , . . . . , , , , _ H V pug” ,HI,
8:38 P-mo Basketball Tourney (n (jonhmd I

.. P.m D & A Plays ................ ,. .. p__,.)j

 

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1963 PAGE 3

 

 

 

Current Comment

 

Tuition Letter Shows Courage, Ignorance

by Gary Luczok

It was most refreshing to see
someone with the courage and int—
tiative to buck the trend ofpopular
opinion and express her views on
a topic of current interest, know—
ing full well that she was definitely
in the minority.

1 refer, of course, to MissGinny
Morgan’s letter to the editor which
was printed in last week’s News.
For her courage then she must be
admired, but her ignorance of the
basic issues must be deplored. I
would like, to take this opportunity
to enlighten her on it few pertinent
points.

First of all, Miss Morgan, none,
of us at this university are “naive
enough to believe that a Democra—
tic governor...could cut down the
budget very much;" we an naive
enough, however, to expect that a
candidate for so important anoffice
as that of Governor of New York
State should live up to the promises
he makes to its citizens.

This is the storm center of the
present controversy.

What Is A Tax?

.\re riot the levying of tuition
charges, the increasing of motor
vehicle registration fees, and li—
quor lici-nsc ices, ctc., justunder—
handed, side—door methods by
which .\1r, Rockefeller can iii—
crcaSe his revenue intake without
technically going back on his cam—

paign pledge to “hold the line” on
taxes?

This promise, you will recall,
was made by the Governor in his
campaign of last fall and was ac—
cepted by the people of this state
in good faith as was witnessed by
his re—election. But, alas, we
have been betrayed.

if Mr. Rockefeller did not think
that he could run this state effi-
ciently on existing sources of rev-
enue, he should never have made
the statements he did to thateffect.

The citizenry of this state are
only now beginning to awaken to
the fact of what a two—timing
hypocrite our Governor really is,
and I suggest you do the same,
Miss Morgan. i for one have no
intention of sitting by while this
self—centered, power—hungry in—
dividual treads on me as though i
were dirt in his do—or-die efforts
to gain the Republicanpresidential
nomination in 1964.

Now, Miss Morgan, we come to
your next point. You made the
swooping statement, and I quote,
“that contrary to popular belief,
this money (tuition) will not go
to pay for :iiiyone’s over—expendi—
tures. . .“

Fiscal Record
Now you don’t honestly believe
that, do you',’ Let us trike just a
cursory glance at the record. .\c—
tually, Mr. Itockefeller‘s fiscal
shinanigans are quite well known,
and it has been generally acknowl-

 

edged that he has devised some
quite clever schemes for hiding
deficit financing.

Take, for example, his depletion
of the cash reserves of the state’s
Capital Construction Fund.

His method for concealing this
withdrawal is quite unique: he
simply deletes from the budgetany
reference to the transactions that
would disclose this reduction in
the state's cash reserves. Or we
might mention his method of ap—
plying pressure to various public
agencies and authorities (i.e. the
State Thruway Authority) to return
to the state treasury cash allot—
ments granted to them previously
by the state.

The consequences of these ac—
tions can only be disastrous, but
I will go into that later. i could
well go on, but i believe you get
the general picture, don’t you,
Miss Morgan?

With this record of duplicity in
fiscal matters, is it any wonder
that I feel more than justified in
believing that not all (to say the
least) of the income to be derived
from tuition and fee charges will
go into the departments for which
they are supposedly earmai'ked',‘

Deception, opp rcssion, and
threats seem to be the byword of
the Rockefeller r'cgimc. lfwc do
not take heed and show this manup
for what he really is, an irrespon—
siblc political opportunist, they
could well become the bywords of
our next federal administration.

(tlivier Shines in ‘lerm of Trial’
Despite Weakness in Script

by Paul Jensen

Whenever Sir Laurence Olivier
performs, either on stage, screen
or television, the event is worthy
of note. It follows that, since he
has the leading role in the British
Term of Trial, the film is worth—
while.

But the producers are lucky to
have obtained the services of this
formidably talented actor, for
without him, the picture would
disintegrate into a formless mass
of faintly connected subplots.

With him, it is a formless mass
of faintly connected subplots, star—
ring Laurence Olivier.

Script is Weak

The main weakness is the script,
which is deficient in several re—
spects: it is full of little illogi—
calities, big illogicalities, irrele~
vancies, and awkward dialogue.

For example, much footage is
devoted to the sad tale of a poor
but intelligent young student who
wants very much to learn.

liis mother‘s lover, however,
keeps forcing him out of the house,
so that he cannot do hishomework.

In retaliation, the child sets fire
to the man’s shiny. big car. lr~

relevant? lmmaterial'.7 l\'ot part
of the '05 .cc’slrw’ Indeed!
Major Plot

The major plot concerns a school
teacher who is so unassertive that
he lets everyone—students, em—
ployers, wife—walk all over him.
One of his students falls in love
with this pale and seedy fellow,

and eventually propositions him.
He dismisses her with a pat and a
few typical, kindly words.

Spurned (and Hell hath no fury,
ad infinitum), the girl decides she
hates him. She accuses him of as—
sault, and our kindly Mr. Chips
ends up in the dock.

Hope is not lost, however, for
just as the testimony appears
blackest, his wily lawyer subtly
and skillfully manages to badger
the girl into admitting her du-
plicity. Fade out, with teacher
and wife embracing happily? Oh,
no!

Ironic Action

The wife, after the trial, decides
to leave her loving husband. She
feels that he is less than her ideal
of a man, as he did not attack the
girl. In an effort to keep her, as
he really likes her, despite her
constant nagging, our hero “ad~
mits” to the deed. Wife relents.
Fade out, amid the irony, with the
teacher and wife embracing!

To writer Peter Glenville should
go the credit for such a glowing
script; director Glenville is re-
sponsible for the film’s other in—
adequacies.

Olivier Generally Good

With very little to work with,
most of the actors do tolerably
well. Not surprisingly, Olivier is
often excellent as the teacher.
Occasionally. however, he either
gets carried away or is forced out
of hand by the director. His emo-
tional tirade in court is the most
obvious instance.

Simone Signorct is wasted as the

 

 

 

 

 

pun: WHITE, ;
MODERN FILTER :

~ r?

Up front, ahead of a modern filter, only Winston has Filter-Blend...

 

 

j

PLUS {FILTER " BLEND up FRONT

rich, golden tobaccos specially selected and specially processed

for full flavor in ﬁlter smoking. It’s what’s up front that counts!

 

e a tee should

is) 190‘: it J Reynolds ’l‘uliuuvu ('Ulllpul’. erilwn thrm N O.

 

 

wife, a poorer role to start with.
The lawyer is ably played by Hugh
Griffith, who cooks one massive
eyebrow in his best sly—barrister
manner.

Sarah Miles, as the sexy teen—
ager without whom the movie could
not be, indicates that she is start-
ing a promising career. She can
act, too.

Surprise of the Show

The surprise of the show is
'l'erciice Stamp, as Mitchell. This
character personifies the British
idea of the typical American juve—
nile delinquent (complete with
black leather jacket, motorcycle
boots, and long, black, disheveled—
iiut—curly hair).

Ilespite this (stereotyped?) con—
rcpt and his distinctive accent,
Stamp iiiiiiiagcs to do an effective
about face from his angelic Billy
Budd, Who knows, he may be a
Iiiiddiiigtilivici'.

I’lodding, heavyhiindcd, some-
times awkward, but generally well
acted, this film has several sen-
sational elements ilirown in for no
apparent (useful) purpose. 'l‘ypi—
ciilly Ilritish'.’ Hardly. .\nierieaii'.’
\\c,ll....

Commuters
Hold Dance

The I'iiivei'sity (‘oniriiuterttrga—
iiization will present “liberty
lane” tonight from 8:30 to 1'2 at
the Knights oi t'oliuiibus Hall, 375
(Hilario Street, \lliany.

'I‘he Maiihattans will provide niu—
sic for the dance. 'l'ickcls, Slouch,
will be. sold from 11 a.m. to I p.m.
today in the lowur peristyles.

ltobert Ackcr, chairman for the
dance, noted that the dance isopen
to entire school and that the dress
will be semi-formal. lie is being
aided by l ra Itiibtchiiisky, publicity;
Stephen Silvei'steiii, decorations;
and Jeannette ()ppedisano, chaper—
ones.

This is one of the many events
planned by the chili for this se—
mester. ’l'he tlt‘t), which has at—
tracted a healthy following in the
few months of its existence, tropes
to have its activities expand into
all aspects of school life.

 

 

