 

Pale Two

 

 

 

ASTATE COLQEGE NEWS
,. . p A Wekly‘v Journal ‘
Vol. 1. Oct. 4. 1916 No. 1.

 

,l.’ublishcd weekly, on Wednesdays. during the college year
by the Con‘unittee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper,
Llass of, 1918. New York State College for Teachers, Albany,
N. Y.

, Price, Five cent: the copy. I M
I The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertis-
ing rates may be had on application. Articles. manuscripts, etc.,
intended for publication must be in the News Box before Satur—
days of the week preceding publication. ,

The Committee on l-'ul.)lishi1ig a College Weekly Newspaper,

Class of 1918. 
Alfred E. Dedicke, Chairman

, Alfred E. Dedickc Henry (irccn‘blatt

Dorothy Austin Kathryn Cole

Stanley Henson Clara .l-l‘older“ ’1

Eloise Lansing .lienjamin Cohen

Eldllian Magilton lx’ay ’l‘ownsend

mloseph Walker Maud Rose

' i ll
To the Faculty, Alumni, and Students of the New York State;
College for Teachers.

The Committee on Publishing a Weekly Newspaper respect-f
fully submits to you this, the. first issue of the State College-
Ncws. opening thus, we believe, a new chapter in the history of:
State College. To the many who have been entirely unaware of,
the coming,r of this journal and to those who do not clearlyg’
understand its mission we directitfhis message. i

This great United States of ours was once :1 small nationJ;
With a steadily incr 'asing population the boundaries of (:iVlliZil-l
tion were gradually extended. until at last the Republic reached"
from ocean to ocean. lilut the growth-of the nation presented al
possible danger, a danger tllﬂthVElS threatening-the very life of,3
the country—the danger of a crumbling nationalism, the
danger of ‘a growingr sectionalism, the danger, therefore. of a
country divided, of a nation fallingapart. -

'l‘hen. almost at the crisis, in the march of progress-came;
influences that revolutionized tlievwholc political and economici
'status of the Republic. The rails of the railroads and the- wires:
of the telegraph and telephone were stretched across the fields,!
the hills. and the rivers of the land. from tlieanst to the 'West,l
from the North to the South. These bands of- metal bound;
together the extremes of the country, one with the other, makian
the heterogeneity, intr which the nation had grown; a solid unit]?
These modern agencies of communication brought the millions
of our country into direct touch with one another—made the
whole nation a single political and industrial family, v 

This great State College of ours-was ouceva small college.‘
With a” Steadily increasing number of students, courses and
activities were gradually extended, until to—day the boundaries of,
the student-life inclose stretches reachingr from -thc Chemistrvr
Club to the Promethean Literary Society. from the Athletic
ﬁeld to t'he'./\uditorinm. from .the Library to the Gymnasium.
from the Senior to the Freshman. and so on, from one extreme
to the other. touching: upon scores of independent groups, each
with a different interest and none visibly connected with another.
The close observer must discover now the' presence of that same
threatinq danger in our student—life. which history shows to have
once existed in the United Stat'es‘-—a ‘decided trend toward
scetionalism' and away from centralization. 'W'e have by no
means reached a crisis. but there is a great need for some means
bv which there can be broue‘ht to’ bear upon our” student body
a similar inﬂuence to that which is beine’exerted upon'the nation
by the railroads. the teleqraph. and the telephone. There has
arisen a need for a means of bringing’cach extreme of our
studetit life into direct touch with the other. of makint‘r this
heterogeneity into which we have grown a‘ solid unit.‘ a sinele
collctziatc family: What better means than a ncwsnancr. such as
the State College News. t'o‘a'chievc' the desired results?

4

r.> _4

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 4, 1916

 

.In it will be pictured with insistent regularity and in instalh
ments quickly followiiu,r one another, the history of each unit
of our college lfe. in its columns you will feel the pulse beat of
the student body. .lt will be as a mirror standing at an angle.
into which a lmtly peering will not see his own, but rather the
image of another.

Thus do We launch this journal on its course, with eVery con-
lidence that it fills a long felt want, and that its policy: to make
each faction of our student organization know and appreciate
all others, to uphold the maintenance of fraternal regard and
friendly rivalry among all, to work for co-op’eratiou between all
sections and for the S()ll(llll‘.ltl,ltlll of the now separately wasted
energies in the promotion of a real, distinct, and enthusiastic
spirit of loyalty to State College, will in time do much toward
placing the record of our acl‘iievemeuts outside of the classroom
on a plane in keeping with our standing as America’s leadingr
teachers college. ,

(Signed) The Committee of the Class of 1918, on l7’ublishing

11 Weekly College Newspaper.
ALFRED ~13. Demons, Chairman.

Dr.:Blue.

We will not here attempt the praise of a man whose record
of achievement in the educational world in general and in our
own State College in particular is an everlasting testimonial to
the rare ability that was his. Rather will we try to console the
heavy loss State College has sustained by his death with the
knowledge that Dean Jilue, to use his own Words in his farewell
message to the class of 1916, “ recognized the high privileges and

.thc great responsibilities and oppr.n'tunities of his profession and

entered upon them humbly and confidently; that he.reudcrcd
loyal and efﬁcient service in whatever position he found himself;
that be contributed much to the richest treasures of humanity
and exalted anew the name of teacher.”

[for the benefit of those who are not frilly familiar with the
actual events so far comprising the history of the " News.” we
will givea brief outline of the same.

011 Moving-Up-Day last spring,r the Sophomore class, it being
the class of 1918, presented as its “stunt” an allegory, the object
of which was to show the advantages of the iutrmluctiou into
college life of a weekly newspaper. The idea happily concurred
with a plan l.‘residcut Brubacher had in mind and as a result
the then l’residcnt of 1918 was called into Dr. Hrulmcher’s
office and given authority to publish a college weekly. The idea
to be carried out was that 1918 was to provide for a committee
on publishng 1 college weekly newspaper; that this committee
was to have charge of the lirst issue and of all succeedng issues.
until with due deliberation. it could appoint from the college an
efficient board of editors, reporters, etc., to take Charge of the
publication. in following;. these instructions one important pro-
vision was-madc, that the board should he so constituted, that
beginning the year of 1917 to 1918 the Editor-in-Chief would be
a Senior and that always, thereafter, only a Senior could hold
that ofﬁce. There are to be no elective ofﬁces, each member
of the board being appointed ‘by the committee, according to
merit only. The merit system of appointment is to be. used
permanently. .

To make a long story short, the President of 1018 appointed
a committee with himself as chairman and as a result of their
labors the State College News ishcre today. The names of
the members of the committee will be found at the head of the
editorial columns. _

Lest someone get the impression that this is a class paper, be
it “emphatically emphasized ” that this is not the case. it is
being published temporarily by a class, but .it is a paper- repre—
sentative of the whole college.

A word about ﬁnances. ft is hardly necessary to state that
nionev is needed to run this paper. The subscription price is $1.50
per vear for which you will receive about 34. issues. Look
lhrourrh this one: in'lu'e it faier and you’ll have to concede it’s
a fair beeinuiuq. See one of our numerous subscription agents
how; they’ll be glad to furnish you a receipt. . -

 

 

  

  

 

