  

 

 

  

 

mil

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.._OCTOBER 11., 1916

 

rue- Two
' ' STATE COLLEGE News

' A VVekly "Journal
Vol. I October 11, 1916

iPublished weekly, on Wednesdays. during the college year

by the Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper,
Class of 1918, New York State College for Teachers, Albany,
N» . ' ~ ,

The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertis-
ing rates may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, etc._.
intended for publication must be in the News Box before Satur-
days of the week preceding publication.

 

The Commit-tee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper,
Class of 1918. '
Alfred E. Dedicke, Chairman
mldred McEwan Henry Greenblatt
Dorothy Austin Kathryn lCole
Stanley Heason Elmetta Van Deloo
Eloise Lansing Benjamin Cohen
Lillian Magilton , Ray Townsend
Joseph Walker Maud Rose

 

 

AN APPEAL.

The committee for the publishing of a State College News.
paper wishes to voice its appreciation forthc hearty response on
the part of the student body that the ﬁrst issue of the paper
met with. It is with a feeling of great encouragement that we
set about the publication of the second issue. All of the upper
classes aided the enterprise most generously. and the interest
displayed by the Freshmen was-indeed a gratifying surprise.

Wevhave, however, by no means reached a satisfactory num-
ber of subscriptions. We are congratulating ourselves upon
having made a good beginning; we ask you to lend us such aid,
ﬁnancial and otherwise, as shall result in consistent growth.
The object of the paper was clearly set forth in the ﬁrst issue
to be a means of unifying the student body, to put each student
in closer touch with his fellow students and the manifold college
activities. We desire to make the paper so truly representative
of the college that each student shall feel that he and it are
mutually indispensable each to the other. We want you to feel
that it belongs to you. anti that you can’t get along without it.
just as we knoz that the paper cannot exist unless a majority—
a large majority—of the students support it.

It goes without saying that the initial cost and the initial
effort required to establish a college weekly is a maximum cost
and a maximum effort. It goes without saying that those who
have undertaken this project are bearing the burden of a re-
sponsibility the like of which, if the paper succeeds. will prob-
ably never again be borne by any other set of students who shall
undertake its management. It goes without saying that we
need friends—«real friends— friends who will put. their should-
ers to the wheel and help us speed up our work until it gains such
momentum that its progress cannot be stayed.

We therefore ask that you will “ do your bit” by giving us
your subscription. Some of us may feel inclined to say, “I
will wait and see how the thing succeeds." Brothers and sisters,
if we were all to say that, how many times would the paper he
issued? If every new project had been thus hailed to the last
man throughout all time, how far would the world have pro-
gressed? Would we not be still living in trees and caves?
Don’t delay the progress of the college weekly—your paper—
by procrastinating.

Further, we ask your interest and assistance in the manage-
ment of the paper. We ask you to contribute news, articles,
editorials, anything you feel inclined to offer. On another page
will be found a list'of those members of the committee who
have been given charge of the various departments of the paper.
They will be pleased to receive your contribution. we are
counting on your prompt response. Are we counting right?

No. 2

 

KOl.l.E'I'CH KOMICK KOLYUM

(The board of editors have dis-
covered in the woods a nut-tree
and have planted the same in the
editorial yard. By his fruit ye
shall know him. Be patient, Sister,
there'll be enough for all.)

Kanto I.
(Wherein ye editor apologizeth
that he liveth.)

Truly “ to him that hath shall
be given," for, lo, ye editor of
this kolyum had enough to do
before this labor of love was
added unto his other multitu—
dinous mental endeavors.
Enough for our troubles—
you’ve probably got plenty of
your own, so we will disknss
more agreeable themes during
the short space allotted to us, for
verily we are as busy as a one-
armed paper hanger with the
hives, and tempus never ceaseth
to ﬁdget. As you may have
noticed the time has komc when
the portals of learning are again
grating open and a host of frivo-
lous freshmen are again in our
midst, all wondering, as the
kase may be, whether or not to
join the Omega Oil sorority or
the ’l‘appa Keg fraternity. A
pleasant sight are these fresh-
men, for they give us oppor-
tunity to see ourselves as others
saw us but a yesteryear or two
ago. and complacently to thank
our Alma Mater for changing
us from what we were then to
what we are now. " .lat is why
we love our Alma Mater—we
“ love her, oh! oh! oh l”—which
reminds us of a sinful bit of
synkopation so popular when we
were freshmen and which the
Kolletch orkhestra konsistently
refused to play (bckausc it was
writton in four Hats and wasn’t
as easy as the " March of
Nolde’s Nut Brigade,” which
you will soon have the distinct
pleasure of hearing).

\Vell, anyway, dig out that
tune from behind the old piano
and while sister Doris Sweetly
plays the khorus, sing these
throbbing lines and think thank-
fully on us who live only that
thou shalt be amused.

And Then I'll Teach, Teach,
Teach.

 

(Tune: i love her, oh! oh! oh!)

Tempo dc Rag.

Everybody, everybody listen to me.
Four years I’ve been to the old
N. Y. S, C. T.

At last my exams are o’er

That l'vc been Kramming for.

l entered there with two eyes——
graduated with four.

There's at home a new diploma

l-lnnt's on the wall,

i look at it and wonder—

'|‘hat T got it at all.

Now let your fancies rove

Way up to Cedar Grove

Where I'm gomg to teach this fall.

 

 

  
  

Subscribe for the
“NEWS”
$1.50 per Year

——_————___~_—
,____.____———

 

Khorus (Vom l‘lcrzen ans)
And then l'll teach, teach, tench,
Ten per is all I hope to reach.
Some one told me that
[t kosts nine dollars to board,
That leaves one—good Lord!
l'll need to save for ﬁfty years
To buy inc .1 Ford,

Hut still l’ll tench, leach, lunch,
On high ideals l'll rant and preach,
Plato said that teaching school
\Vas easy to do.

Miss Spicr did too.

That’s why I’ll tench, leacll, tench.

That’s all; you're dismissed,
andﬁyou‘ve got a song that is
essentially for your kolietch and
is a kollctch song—«not an
attempt at sublimalcd (ll/I'lllS‘lll
interspersed with allusions to
“eager for learning ” and all
that sort of stuﬁ that We rave
about when the prof’s are hang—
ing around—but enough. Oh,
just one minute. The manage-
ment of this paper takes this
opportunity to say that Pcllam
emphatikally denies the report
published in our society kolyum
last week, to wit, that he was
seen making a date with Mollie

Williams. Pellam says he is
positive that no one saw him.

Adieu ’til next week. Ye
editor,

BEAN SWIFT.

“CHARLES” IS BACK.

Everybody who is acquainted
with the genial manner of
Charles Wurzman. will be glad
to see him back in and around
the college. Charles was very
ill during the summer and for
many weeks conﬁned to the
hospital. However, he is back
and rapidly recuperating his lost
strength. He has become such
an indispensable part of our col-
lege life it would be hard to lose
him. As we have a suspicion
that the write-up Charles got in
last year’s Pedagogue was the
cause of his illness, we will cut
this short. for fear that it will
cause a relapse. But he’s back.
so look out in the halls.

 

