'tn«
it's.
ary
ine

*nd

\llt‘

no.
out
ma

 

d

71— /.

S'I‘A'l‘IC COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL 24. 1925

Page Three

 

Reading By Miss
F utterer A Success

NEWMAN CONFERENCE
The Albany l’rorince of Newman
Clubs held its Spring (font'erence on

Miss Agnes ii, liutterer created "'l‘bclApril 1741) in this city uudcr the aus-
(ireat Divide" Saturday evening for atpices of the Newman Club ol State (fol-

fortunate audience at Chancellor's Hall.
The accomplished reader from whom
State College and Albany drama-lovers
have learned to expect much did not dis—

l
l
t
i
l
t
l

appont in this play of conﬂicting ideals;

writteli by William Vaughn Moody. 'l‘be
grip of the drama which has afforded
players like Margaret Anglin and Henry
Miller a vehicle of worth was

 

was a revelation of her power. cveti to
those who recall lter "Lady \\’indcrmerc's
lian."

'l'lte splendid interpretation of the play
and its cast was an achievement requir-
ing most unusual talent

   

atiiity. and :

lege. 'l‘lte delegates present were: Mr.
Davis. president of the Province. and
Miss “lllll tl't'onnor from [Torncll Uni»
versity; Mr Johnson. treasurer of the
l’roviuce, Mr. t‘arr. president of the
Syracuse Newman ('htb. Miss Virginia

2il.’lvc|‘s and Mr. Riley from Syracuse

't.l7.U(l atul ;

held by Miss liutterer in a manner which i “i9 lttﬁtillllc; Miss lleleo lx'oavh. lhnttcr

great depths of connn‘ebensirm of human-

cbaractcrs. \\’ithout setting or proper-

ties), Miss l’uttercr brought to the listen».
‘in honor ot the delegates. .lndge llttlttt'l

ers a vivid portrayal of the drama so
realistically. that until each act was tt\t't‘.
they did not realize that the entire itlllltm‘
phcrc had been created by the reader.
'lhc variety of gesture was perhaps
most commendable. for this ‘s where so
many readers fail. in the transition from
character to character. whether in rapid

 

t.r halting repartce. Miss butterer was
successful in keeping the emotional con—
tcnt and expression of each in the mind's
eye while she was port raying' another.
The story deals with a New linglaml
girl who is torcetl into marriage with a
crude oung man it! the Arizona desert.
beyond her control.
the

 

by e cumstanees
'l'beir incompatibility is caused
appallitig ditTcrcnce of their early train»
iugr and environment, Ruth, the heroine.

 

leaves her husband. Stcvc, and returns
with her son to her family in tltc east.
Steve, meanwhile. saves the fortune oi
his wife‘s family. They sunnnon him
and linally the young couple are brought
together. Steve. in expressing his views
of life, states a philosopb o line and
clear that l\'llth. for the l st time, sees
the hcattty in the mind of this man from
the \'\'cst, while Steve realich it was the
standar ' f her people. ol‘ which he wa~
so ignorant, that caused their great
divide.

The reading was under the auspices of
the Dramatic anti .\rt Association and
was well attcmled.

IDOL HUNT TB BEGIN

The sophomore-freshman "idol hunt"
will begin May ,3, and Friday May 4. the
sophomores will exhibit the statue which
will be the "idol" in a e hly. Then
they will hide it somewhere on the college
campus or in one of the buildings and
the freshmen will be given six days to
ﬁnd it. If its hiding place is undis-
covered by midnight, Saturday. May 0.
the sophomores will win the hunt and
will be given points in the interclass
rivalry.

TENNIS TOURNAMENT

State ('ollege is scheduled to begin a
spring tennis sc’t today in Albany
with St. Stephen's College front Alman—
dale, the atltlctie management has all-
nounccd. This week a tournament
among the college players was carried
on to pick the team which will meet the
licctors.

These college tennis candidates were:
Messmer, Knczynski. Gilchrist. Allen,
Liebick, Donnelly. Graham. Merritt.
Crotmse, Nepltew, (irit‘tin. I-[ornung',
t‘hait, May, and Stanley.

 

 

  

 

1

 

'the speakers. The

 

thnsiness meeting.

University; Mr. lloyle, Mr. 'l'aylor, and
Mr. Tierney frqu b'enss r l’olytecb-

 

(follege; Mr. McAvoy and Mr. (‘onl<lin.
Pratt Institute; Alice llttly aml litlna
Fitzpatrick. State College.

The [ionlercncc program included a

‘rcccptiou atld dance held at Newman

house on liriday evening, .\pril I7.
Saturday, April [8. was given over to
the discussion oi l‘rovince work in
.\t a banquet held at
the Hampton Hotel on Saturday t'\L‘|IlIItI.

ltugan, llr. \. lt. ltrubacher. Mrs.
Newman. president of tile Newt'
Alumnae ssut'itttinlt, atul Mary
coll, pt't'~ltt'ttl of Newman t'htb. were
'l‘bird Quarterly
t’onnnuuion was also held as a part of
the t'onfe‘ nce activities at the (tilt)

 

 

   

'ntass at St. \‘inrent de l’aul's t‘burrh.

a breakfast following at the the .\ctttlent\'
' the Holy Names. Mr. llavis. prese
dent of the Albany Province. in a
memorable address spoke oi Newman
(‘1th activities at t‘ornell and commended
the local oreat /.’ition on its work, lx’ev.
Joseph A. ltnnncy. spiritual director. in
behalf oi the club members. welcomed
the delegates alid outlined the aims and
purposes of the t Father llltnney
said in part: “A a n is one who owes
something to his connnunitr In the
same way we are all cit ens of the
Kingdom of God. We are members of

 

 

 

a club achieving the highest thing on

eart|i-»~dra\ving souls nearer
greatest teacher the world has ever
known—Jesus t'brist.”

The chairmen ol the cotmnittces
in charge of Newman is April
17-11; were: reception. (.cncvicrc Keav
vcney; banquet. Mary Morrisscy; break-
fast, lilcanor Fitzgerald.

SPEAKER FOR COMMENCE-
MENT
Dr. Albert Edward \\'inship. le‘turer.

 

F.

 

 

and considered the tort-most educational.

publication editor in the worltl. has been
for State College June [5, by President
A. R. llrubacher.

IJr. \\’insbip. who since 1886 has been 3

editor of the Journal of Education. pub-
lisbed in loston. is widely known as a
speaker and has written extensively.
mostly upon educational subjects, besides
his magazme “oi-k.

lc l5 talt,:ht also in grammar schools
and normal Schools, and has degrees frotn
Andover Theological Seminary. the Ulti-
versity oi Nashville and the University
of Vermont. He is a former member of
the Massachusetts State lloard of Edn-
cation. and a former president of the
National Educational Press Association.
Dr. Winship lives in Cambridge. Massa-
chusetts, and is eighty years old.

 

 

 

tnnounced as the Commencement speaker ‘

CLASS NOMINATIONS

'l‘he nominatirms for the incoming
senior cl't e as follows: president.
.leanetta Wright, 'l‘hyra licViet‘, Niles
llaigbt. Lorena Shatler; vice—president,
chma (iorman. lilcanor Callet‘y, Man
jory Bellow" ‘cct'etttt'y, Hilda |\'linkhart.
listber Jansen: treasurer. Marion O'Con-
nor, [lelcn lilliot: reporter, Margaret
Benjamin. Olga Hampcl. Anna Koﬁ:
cheer leader. Jeanetta \\’i'ight, l'ldna Lay—
ton; song leader, 'l‘hyra IleVit-r, Mary
lx'heiti. M lilannigan. _loyc.e l’et'—
sous; linant board member, Mary lilan-
nigan, Miriam Snow, llclen Millet : matt—
ager of girls' athletics, lilizabetb Milmine.
Mildred Lotvntau. Lorena Shall'er; mau-
ager of men‘s athletics. Marion Landron:
ti. :\. A. council, .\largaret lieujamiu,
l’anline Smith; men's athletic council.
l’ercy ' LTJ: editor-in-chief of l’eda-
gogue. Lore Shaller, Minnie (ireenway.
Marion t‘beselirough; business manager.
t’arolyn t’olcman, Mary l'litcbcock.
ﬁllelen Monk. Miriam Snow. l‘ilizabetb
Mihnine.

       

 

 

   

7‘:

   

'l'hc freshman class nominees are:
president, l'r iris (irit'fen. l\'llllt Kelley.
listber (’huckr v. |’-catrice Wright.
Jeanette \\’:Iltl|)illig, (‘larenve Nephew:
\‘it‘t‘»[n'esltlt'ttl. Nancy Morgan. tioldena

   

 

 

 

ttertrnde t'onway. listher latystcr, ('h
t~ie t'urtiss Mildred \\’ahrtmin; treasurer.
llelen lx'lody, lx'ichard Jensen, Margaret
.Stonteobcrg‘, ('harlottu lones, Violet
il’ierce, Katherine Saxon '
ll.cah Cohen. \""' .t lli

t\\'atts, Harry llrig‘es.

 

    

r

jorie Sccgcr.

Ruth Moore, b’uth Lehman; cheer leader. ‘

Margery Young. ('larence lCntcry‘, sottu
iMargarct Stouteuln-rg'. llorollly Rowland.
i ltctty Strong; mam” men's athletic
tus‘ﬁntjinlitlll. Howard (in f; manager girls'
iathlctics. Florence l’ottcr.
.asher. Marian | c
men's athletic council

 

 

 

Mollie lirlieb. -. zaheth

   

‘. burgh.
Mullen.

 

candidates: president. lli ta_ . .
t limpie. lJc\\’itt t'. 7.cb. Anne SK linger.
and (ieorgianna Maar; vice-president.

:llertha Zajan. Melanie (irant. Anna
liaynor. 'I‘hclma Temple. and Ruth
Iennnle: sC"t'tSltlt')'. lulia liay, Mary

' l\'ttlll t'oe, (ieorgianna Maar,

  

lheauann, Eudora Lampman:

 

i tr urcr. Ruth Allen. Helen Doro,
t llelen Ileans. Myra Hartman. Nina
‘ l‘lande. Winifred Carey; song leader,

\lma liallc. Melanie Grant, Hilda Sarr;
manager of men's athletics. William II.
(‘larkc lidwin Van Klecck, K. Lee
Dellaboy; reporter, Julia Fay, Lillian
l)ncll. Ruth Leopard. Mildred l‘awcl;
member of collet'e men's athletic coun-
cil, A, Reginald l": -. Harold S. Perry;
cheer leader. llcrtba Zajau; member of
itrb, Athletic Association council. Rertha
Zajan, Helen Tompkins, Gertrude Swelt-
man; manager of girls' athletics. Alma
lialle. l\'tlllt Empie, l‘lelcn Tompkins, and
Ethel DitBois; ﬁnattce board member,
lx‘uth H. McNutt, Mildred Vawel,
Georgianna Maar. Ruth Coe. Ruth
limpie.

 

 

llills, .ltiscttlllttt' \\'al t' Margaret
Moore. Jeannette liisenhug; secretary. ,
Adelaide llollister. t'arolinc Wheeler.

reporter. ‘
ltorolln"

leader. Dorothy liable; (i. A. A. cotltlt‘ll.‘

Dorothy .
Ilorotby Rowland: .
('larence Nephew: .
. ﬁnance board member, litbel Van lCIn— 

Mac- .

lit the sophomore class these are the
r. l\'ltll| ‘

 

College Cullings

Vl'l‘AL Statistics. to which the l’cda-
gogue annually devotes a page. are
to appear this year and the results of
the chapel vote last fall for the various
honors and so forth will be made public.
Study of the winners in the last few years
shows a strong tendency oil the part of
the student hotly to repeat choices. in
'22, for instance. l’rol‘. Risley held
honors as the Ittost popular faculty mem-
ber, and the l’ed reported "llr. Lroas-
dale as gammg steadily." I‘rofessor
Walker was third. The year following
|)r. (roasdale bad edged Mr. lx'isley out
lust place and Mr. \\'alker still ltcld
turd. Last year he again occupied third
place, llr. t'roasdale held the first honors
again, and Professor York ran second.
[it ‘23 Pro es, 1' l'lidlcy was chosen
“biggest slave driver." with l’rofcssor
llirchenough secoml aml l‘rolessor Ri ey
tbtrd, lx'is took honors also that year as
stalest )ttlx’t‘l' with Dr. l'ainter second
and l‘roiessor lJt-cker third.

()t the people now in college army
as ttlttlt'l'cl"'ntt‘tt won mention, Two
years ago \’tvtan llart was vampicst and
I’eg li‘lanmgan and hem l\'elyea van
next. l‘lorence Henry and l'ce' lilannigan
were chosen last year. Miss l'.unice b‘ice
as selected as most popular senior in
'.'_' aml also as the most digntltcd senior
and the student with the most colleen

 

  
   

 

 

spirit. Miss lithel lluvck. now with the
college ltbt '. -lec,ted best looking
senior. M tatherine l’eltz rati third

 

that year as most dignilied senior. and
Miss Arlene \\'erth ran third as biggest
grind.

.ltlt'h‘ Johnson was her] [my
Ill/Ilt'lt' ill '23. lit/rein Jar/cell
llt’ltl the More ’tla‘l year. Her-
ivy France was .re/eclt't/ bigger!
[not enter in '2. with Professor
Ix'irlhiml lhirt/

.\'n/'otl_\| hill lln' /‘et/ lltltll'l/
homes In relmm the '15 T'tI/lllllt'
is In he t/t‘tllt'tlli'tl. 'I‘hal of '11
Teas dedicated lo [)1'. 'I‘hom/hron,
[hill of '45 lo Dr. (‘rmtrtlule mnl
I/te our [midis/tell in '.‘_' Io /'I‘o~
[tarror .S'rrvh's.

 

N'l'lllt‘ll (‘ollege's president recently

placed blanks in the bands of all
students, on which they will rate the indi-
vidual members of the eolle :e's faculty.
The students bate been asked to snlunit
their opinions of the instructors on four
points as follows: f" s in grading.
‘tl " ' to present subject matter clearly.
guess to advise students on personal
matters. religious, and vocational mat-
ters and the faculty member‘s valtte to
Antioch.

 

  

/lre school leaching and .llh«
lelic uhility iltt‘otl.t.'l'ltoll.\‘f’ ‘l’tc
e.r/icricurc of I/uru/tl .‘ll. Or-
horae, renrhl‘r (Inna/lion high
flllll/lt'l' and high scorer for Me
(lulled .S'Irtlrr til the Olympics
lu.r' year, lent/r 10 ills/Warm this.
Orlllll‘lle fills in nine maul/tr of
[he yctlr in high school leaching.
He was .rlyleri the "world's
grea/csl athlete" lam years ago
and has bro/ecu o .rcm‘e of rer—
nrtls since then and foals he can
leer/1 ﬁt by leaching school and
he does jast that.

 

KOH N BROS.

“ Good Place to Buy"
SHOES

125 Central Ave at Lexington

Open E venings

Printers of State College
News

 

MlLLS ART PRESS

394-396 Broadway, Albany. N. Y.
PRlNTlNC

Special Attention Given
Society Work

