 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page. Two

 

 

STATE COLLIN,th NEWS, NOVlthBER 20, lttill'i

 

 

ﬁnite (ﬂullvgr Nrum

ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OF l9l5
Vol X

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars
per year. Advertising rates may be had
on application to the business manager.

Editer-iu—Chief
I‘IARRV S. GODFREY, '26
Managing Editor
EDWIN VAN Kain-1cm '27
Business Manager
HELEN E. ﬁction, '26
Subscription Manager
HELEN BARCLAY, ’26
Copy Reader
Manaanrxr BENJAMIN, '26
Assistant Business Managers
git/rm HARTMAN, ’27

 

 

No. to

Nov. 20, l926

 

 

 

It. on ZlMMERMAN, '27
Asststaut Subscription h anagcr
,. .

11mm TEMPLE, 2
Assistant Copy Reader

 

JULIA Far, '27
Associate Editors
Sara Barkley, '27 Louise (innit, '27
Katharine Blenis,'27 Anna Roll ‘26
Joyce l’crsons, '26
Reporters
Leah Cohen MacMullL-n Elizabeth
Thelma Brezce Lela Van Schaick
Virginia Higgins Kathi-ripe .' ‘(lon
Adelaide llrillistcr Dorothy \‘Vatts
Einah Krng lit-rtha Zajan
(illANlil‘l lN READING

Al the close of the World War the
literary taste of the Amcrican public
took ti decided slump. 'l‘he dcmand
seemed to turn away from classical and
educative literature to fiction of the;
lightcst type. This demand ‘ame fromi
prnfcs 'onal men all over the country,
front lawyers, doctors nml statc employ l
The soldiers who had just returned fl‘ttllll
the front lines sectich to have dcvclopcd. l
as Mr, 'l‘rai‘ey, director of the library
at the Yttllttg Men's ("bristian A ' '
tion -I it, "A moving pi
men Could not concentrate;
they demanded noun-thins: easy to read.
something that was thrilling’ and alive.
Naturally they turned to the wild west
type of story. to thc vividly pictltrctl
love Itoch to satisfy their . \s
a result, books on L'llllt tit-u, philosophy.
art, music, and the likt remained on the
shelves of our public libraries untouched.

At the present timi. all over the
country, it' reports are to be believed,
and many of these reports are backed by
statistics, there is gradually coming
about a decided change in the tone oi
our reading. This changc has been (‘Sllt'r
cially noted in the libraries of Albany.
according to statements made by .\li :
lili ibeth M. Smith. director of Albany
public. libraries Albanians seem to dc»
siri- reading which at one time they would
have considered too "heavy."

it tltcrc is such a movement started, it
is part of our ditty as college studcnts
to lend ottr help and support. It has
i)fll'll liccn said that the rcaili'lt' done by
collt-"c people is too sttpct’lic l "w
acquisition of a certain amount wt' well,
organized knowledge concerning tltc
best literature of the past and the l)l‘('>t"tl
should be part of our educatinual aim
and we --h~"ld not stop with the training
of tlic. knowledge, htlt we should cndcavor
to educate tho~e with wh vm we come in
("iltiitt‘i to really :tpltl't‘L'iitlt' and study
the many inastt-rpie' s which our piih"i-
libraries afford. li a nation is to bc
jllllﬂl‘fl by its literary lanlc, lct in 1--
llt“i\'r to put "Inerica atnong those
which will rank first. 1

 

‘ .o insiguitii. til,

 

 

       

 

 

 

   

 

~aiil, "\\|teu a person t'tllt"

SENIORS LIKE THIRD

SENIORS ARE mam

run at comer BEST TO ANSWER QUESTIONS

(Continued From Page 1)

I.

the dread of the f'

 

 

t approaching end of

T0 SECURE POSITIONS

In a few months the seniors will be

his college days which comes with the teaching “on their own” what they are
i

senior year.’

Miriam ll, Snow says,
year is unqualifiedly my favorite ily then
the students have learned jttst when to
study and when to play, and how to
study and how to play. They are Wt'l‘ll-
ing wlnilc-heartcilly for the organization
which tltcy have found most worth
wllile and are not yet overwhelmed with
rcspinlsibilities. It's the frccst year.”

Marion ('hescbrnngh’s reason is that
ubc had “almost as many friends iii this
year but fewer responsibilities."

Elizabeth Milininc looks at the ques—
tion from the poittt of view that the
must pleasurc is obtained in helping
others. Si ' , "After two years oi
mori- or lt' gettingr acquainted your~
so”, you ha t chance to start your
freshman sistcr right. 'l‘ht- are so
many ways to hclp and so I
to do in lhc junior '
hi- tlinu- in any otltt'l' yet

Marjorie 'l‘. lit-lluws said, “liy the
junior year you have more confidence
in yourself and feel more a part of
college."

The iii-w-rotucrs at

u'

 

z

   

 

 

 

Inch cannot

u

 

collcgc wcrc

.it thcir class.
The f unan |tl‘l‘~ltl('lll. llavc Smurl,
(‘o t' C
vicns his new Alma Matcr with a spirit
of awc. lle hardly (lili't) to form or at
h-ast cxprcss any opinion. for In» is :‘ti
llowctct', l liltc lhc
freshman year partly be. ‘(
ing three 3 ' - blanks to me.
then, l ba‘- t - ' rcason to llt'
with my lrosh year for my class has

      

   

 

     

, :ivcn lllt‘ a great honor, and thus far

l have madc no cttt‘ttliCS. l ltupt'. and
ntany friends. ’l‘his last fact goes
incntitnablc way towards making not
only lllc first year btit all oi a person's
life pleasant."

livclyn (Graves, vice-president of the
freshman L‘lt’t‘m‘, prefers it ht tse "it is

 

the year when wisdom is given to you by:

the sophomores, you acquire a junior
sister or brother, and lllt‘ seniors help
you learn the traditions of thc college."

The Ihrt-i: otbcr froslnncn gave tlicsc
"opinions" as follows:

\'era \\‘cllott: "l"rcslnn;m year is
best sinrc t'vt‘rything is new and ditTct‘-
Cl]! and s4! many people seem to love to
givc each other a good time."

liranccs Ix'ailding: “I think l shall liki-
my frosh year in College the bcit of all
four. After you recover from llll'
str; igc lcttlittg, you find that you al‘t'
having a wonderful time learning new
things knowing new peoplt', and making
new i enilsf'

l'attline .‘\rnott: “lt‘rosh year is best.
l think, since it is all ncw Y1 u make
'tcw ai'ipiaintanccs. foriu l w habits and
in general enjoy yourself."

in backing the final ycar, .\larion
()‘l'onnor said, "I lihc it bc~t because in
this year i can .LL‘ the fulﬁllment of a
long and cherished desire to bc a
'sclinol marm.‘ and because the friend-
ships which started in my first year arc
being ccnlc‘lul now to last,l hope,
through life."

Margaret licnjaniin said, “So far my
=euior year has been the happiest of the
four. tl’, 'l'. is ‘yct to ('Ullll".) liy then,
if ever, our begins to see slight imlivar
tions of an ability to adopt oneself in
fonditions; and that ability is. after all.
.. , . I ‘ i ..

  

 

 

 

 

    

liotl, whcn questiottctl,
said. “(‘omparisons are odian hccausc
't is inioo-sible to judge ouch entirely
different thin'w as my cillcvc years have
been. in thc it‘l‘\lt|‘t)ttll year one is too

The junior

Iy things,

being taught now. We wonder how lhcy
obtain their positions, Let's ask. See,
here are sonic blanks they have to fill
out to get positions in the state high
isehoois. 'l‘hesc blanks ask for almost
i everything under educational profes—
isinnal and atademic career. 'l'hcy ash
" for everything front mathetmttics to
athletics, This personal tlata concerns
the year of birth, permanent address if
lmari'icd, what location is preferred,
height, weight, cycs. hair and complexion.
And next comes the snbjccts. 'l‘ht-
seniors have to mark the san they
lhavt- studied. thosc they may sately at-
} tempt to teach as minors and [how sub-
jt‘cts for wlli.'lt :ipct'ial prtnuu’alion i'u‘
‘ teaching has been made Then the sub
iji-i‘ts taught as majors and minors have
i tn he umli-rscorcd. also tltc positions tltcy

 

 

: d i rtntcnt, slipi‘l
istt'uctoi atul secretary.
{have a blank asking for the lrtlitllll':
‘which the seniors have had, llll' incln

'. critic. ill

  

unanimous in upholding the superiority ; 4“, (MIN, Nina-W] Kuhjpms‘ “IL. scrim],

college and university. l’artirnlars of
diplomas and dc'rccs arc wanted. We
must also not forect thc t'xper t't'
l'nder this ronics the hind oi positiin
the snbirrts and the name and locati in
‘nf institution. Rclcrcnccs arc last, ant
\\(' know about them for thcy must be
:illlsltll' of the St' ' ‘ 'l‘each—
crs and wc'vc ht r ‘ .
illicr for names of [ll‘i'lllllik'lll men,

FRENCH cItTEPlANs
t A TO PRESENT PLAYS

regular lilt‘l'llllL: oi the l7rtrttill
irluh was held \\"t-d'~c'day afternoon, .\liss
‘llht'tlIL’llL' l’ltidc. president, ill the chair.
t’l‘hc meeting was for business purl)th
aiul reports oi the (I‘llllll l‘i wcri-
iv “ Mildred llubcrt, chairman
of the plays rommittvc, was appointed
by Mitts l‘ludt- to sec Allss’ Malcolm. of
the lirench dcpartmi-nt, concerning thc
selection of plays to he prc=cttlcd by tbc
cltth Miss l’hide had suggested to
l'rofcssor Simonin that the club put on
its annual performance in conju'ctinn
with the Albany branch of the Alliance
'rancaise. of which a number of the ad—
vanct-d l"rl"‘(‘ll students are members,
This was put to a volc oi the cltib ycs~

 

       

 

 

   

   

ttr ' and agreed np-in

Members of the club discusscd the
picture which goes into the Veil. and
decided it would be more ri-prc ntativc
if just the officers of the chib were in
,thc picture. This idea has been tried
font by other collt-ncs and st't‘ills' worth
while adopting. If a majority of the
‘clubs of the votc i" f'ivor of
the idca. it will he adopted by State.
‘ All those who wish to be c ""'l(lt'l'(?ll
members of the bunch t'llll) must pav
,thcir dncs immediately to Evelyn i’almer,
treasurer, A list of the tltctttlu't's will
be published in the near future
j "be program meeting will be held
‘Novembcr 25, Spccial arraturt-iue'vt: art-
being made by the social committcc.
‘Itcatlctl by Kath'ccu O'Mttllcy chairman.

 

 

F
6

 

busy being \vclcoim-d; during the second
jyiai, too rushed gathering counts and
‘wisdom; when a junior. ltm thrillcd
linitialing freshmen to determine cal
codify ones sensations; senior, it is
‘all a licitic grab after eve ytbi'tg. Per—
haps titty years from now I’ll be able

v

 

 

 

AMERICAN UNIVERSITY
WOMEN MEET AT STA TE

The Albany Chapter of the American
.‘\ssociation ol University Won-cu will
meet at State College on Saturday, No-
vcmhtzr Zl, at 2:30 in Room lot of thc
Science building. ('li'aduatcs of State
l'ollegc and members of the State (‘ol-
cge faculty who are metnbcrs of thc
chapter will be h» on this occa—
simt. Miss Anuc Htockwcll is chairman
ti rereption cotntuiltt‘c. Assiating will
.'c Mrs, (iiifford A. \\'ondarrl. Miss
I'aniirc A. l’crinc, Miss Agnes litittervr.
Miss Minnie Scotland, Miss llJt'cl [ton—
lcy, Miss Sophia Cohen, Miss ‘lllliit
t'offL-y. Miss llclen li'llrll. Miss Marion
l“ll'llllill|tg. Miss Anna l\'. Kuhn and Miss
l-‘lorencc l'I. Winchell 'l'bc t‘lliiicc oi
allltjl‘LTlS for special study selected by llll'
chapter is as follows: One group tor
international relationships and a second
for child study, At this nu-cting Mrs.
t.\larion Miller, assistant director ot‘ the

.L

 

 

 

have occupied, such as, principal, lit-rid . liild Study Association of .\Int'rira nill
.

nldi'cns the group. [following this llit'lt‘

Look, here 'wc “m be a social hour attci‘ which thi-

Jhild study group will ht: organi/ed, .\|l
.\‘otncn graduates of State College are
Irgi-d to attend the int-cling and join the
issovintion at the close of this tucvtiug.

BOOK—ENDS
CHRISTINA ALlH'ZR'l'A'S lt‘A'l'lllCR
lly
ll. f}. Wells

Mr. Wells has written another lllL‘slh-
.iovcl in his latest book, “t‘ln’istiua .\lA
bcrta's li‘athcr.” llc has taken a topic
ncll in ttt‘cortl with his SL‘tvpt! of mind
in the adventures of little Mr, l’rivemiiy,
the cx-laundry mail who had an unusu-
ally Irccu appreciation of his uncness
with liic in general and with Sargon,
King of Kings in particular.
,lclightfnl opportunity he mum-
llays the nnsympathcticaliy “sane”
who view insanity with contempt and
.iie.r own condition with complacency.

After a serics oi adventures, lttt'lttdittt:
l Dickcns—likc period in an asylum,
l‘rccmoy cotncs to the rcaliuttiou ulnrh
Webs has been engineering all through
the book: "I am Sargon, lntt not i '
Cl.l'SlVlCl.Y S 'goii, 'ou arc 8
too, His blood is in our veins. \\c .n'c
rrhi-irs. . Vi: are all dcsctnlvd
from Sargon, just as we are all do
itcnded Irom tacsar—jnst as nearly all
linglish and Americans are descended
rut \\ill.ain thc (Ionqiieror. .
ll (tours . wbcn [ called myself Saran”.
\i' g‘ of Kings, and proposed to rule all
the world, I was SYMHUIJZthi, (Hi
cinrse. everybody is really Sargon and
everybody ought to take hold of all the
world aml save it and rule it just as l
have got to do," ‘

A matter apparently secondary to
\\'clls, but of great interest to llix‘
rcadi-rs, is the ail\cnturc of Christina
Alberta herself, She is as dccply pt:
plcxcd with this riddle oi life as any
.\lllCl'lCllll youthwand solves it much the
same way. H the story of her inimic»
:iblc Daddy leaves you rather colil, yoti
will still find a wealth of an ictinn in
the Youth Movement of lingland as
Wells secs it in his heroine.

It you are looking for 'ti'ation uovcl.
stay away from “L1. Afs li‘atbcr." but if
you want something between your tcctll
read Well's latest.

 

(liven his
Iittlly
|t('|lltll‘

 

 

 

   

 

    

 

 

 

to tell."

 

Kent l’casc, '27.

‘1

7!

ram

