 

 

 

 

rage .li‘our

 

 

S’I‘Aflllﬂ COLLEGE NI'lWS, M AY 29, Iti‘JI'i

 

State Edits Six
Literary Works

Six publications. covering a wide ﬁeld
of interest, are State Coll‘ ' contribu-
tion to the printed work. . of these,
ill poilit of annual circulation, is the
S'rA'rl-z ‘oua i-: Ni 's. This appear.
every Friday ill the. allege year. it is
edited alld controlled. editorilly and

_i-
a]:

 

       

:v

regards its ilews policy. by student etli- }

tors. It is now in its seventh year alld
is soundly i tablished ill eolletciate jour-
nalistic circle. More tiiali thirty thou»
sand copies of the News are distributed
annually. inellldilnr thi. le. of which a

 

 

large extra printing goes to all high
schools in the State.
The I'ellaglntue is the colle_‘. year

 

book. an elaborate. beautiful book. listi-
ally coiltaliung more tllan 2.10 pach and
hundred; of pictures it is published a
illlaily in May by the S
hundred eopies are sllhr,
"‘Ill- State (‘olle’e Quarterly ls pllh—
lislled four times a year and contains the
’ and peet‘t' written by .‘i
art work and an on
uent. Like the College
News. its editors are releetell by eoin-
petitioil.
'l‘be /\lltltt‘li Qll'tt'tet'ly, devoted to
mail 'niue‘ a elose built among alliulnl
and between the tlllllli'li :roun alld the
eolleui». rontail's a laree lunollnt ol
alumni I‘ \vs, tlle liiell'iehts ot the. lT'Il-
‘nill sI-eei'll articles.
('ol‘evze Sm" Ilook. pre
( tlllitlt'“ of illlllt‘ill'i and
ill its third r . 'l lil‘iilli‘”
(ll‘l'tiiiitl hlvtte t'olle e favorites. bender
solitt eotnlnon to all eolle've alid lm
tuut'otls and part-sonar; are contained.
linei sllnnner a rinunlttee from the
Junior l 's publishes tlle l“l'('~'llltlittl
Handbook better known :e: the "Marsh
llible.'l This tells eve"tliilll: the rol-
h-ni- t‘illilltlu‘l‘l‘ emits. :tti\ am iii-
struets i‘Il‘onlinvr freshmen. .iinl furnishes
them with a compact reference book tor
their first year. it is uit'en free to .lll
freshmen by the r'llle'le
EIGHT SORORITIFS AND TWO
FRATERNITIES IN COLLEGE
State College has eight sororities atld
two active fraternities. Loyal friend—
ships and pond fellowsl'ill f’l‘lll the
principal objectives of these ornalli
tions. alid their eniltrihittion to the sor—
ial life of the stn'l‘alts is an important
factor iii the eolleee calendar. in the
fall all inlersorority tea is held for
the entering freslllilen. alid duringr the
year the individual sororities and fra-
ternities liohl llollse dances. 1\ |illicll~
eon is given by each sorority annually
for its ' elive membership and alumnae
organization. [\s the concluding event
of the year. all inter-sorority ball is
held on May 1 at the Hotel 'l‘eil liyck,
Both sororities and fraternities furnish
something.r of dormitory life, as each
maintains a house.
h‘lt‘lltlellit) ill sororities is by iilvi~
tation only aild is restricted by a
scholarship standard established by
the lntersorority Conlic' alld applica-
iile only to those sororities which are
members of the Council. Fraternity
membership is also by invitation only.
The ple dents of the sororities for
“125-26 are: llelta ()tltt’tfil. Mildred
iiahcock. [7.1a l‘lil. Muriel \‘VttilY
Kappa Delta, Jeanetta \Vrle‘ht; ('hi
Liinma 'l‘heta. Mary l)iti‘tlt‘.<.‘i: l’si

fl-
is

    

 

 
    

     

     
 

  
 
 

   

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

  

(ianuna. Marjorie Bellows; Alpha lip-
l‘hi.

Herman: (ianlnla
l’etherhl'idge; lieta
(halite-Id.

silon Ruby

  

Pedagogue Board—l924-25

   

 

   

 

 

 

The ID); l‘edaeo 'tlt'. year b u‘k o" the
‘t'tlltll‘ has been published. The
book, a beautiful laree \‘t'll‘illt’ of 25]
' is bound in red leather and on
front cover the name and the elass
"ils are embossed in igold. /\

 

., I
llit'
liilnle
repre
tililli‘ill’illitill lillildiiin is illin elve'i there.
Six hundred copies of the book, which
‘s the most elaborate the students h:
yet published, hare already been
ll‘llilllL‘tl. There is a picture of the large
stained glass window whirli is the gradu-
atint‘r C gift to the cillc"c Ilediea-

    

 

 

 

  

-ntation of the nortieo of the 2\rl-‘

mllutrv "

There it1 also a memorial to
he ‘

t‘. a l'agan Martinez.
. ‘l‘t'ly of the coll("'e Spanish faculty.

‘lils litlitb f). \ lallace, of ll7 South
Manningr llolllerard. a member of the
lllege Latin department, was the ad<
\' or of the editorial board. A liltin-

7
2.
z
:5
:

 

   

 

her of very unusual sketches of college.

l)lllltliil"S, olle of the approach to the
lidneation Building, another of a "door-
way ill State street." and other original
art work by students are included.
Patrick H. Mchade on whom State
(iollelre eonferre'l the honorary degree

tinii is to .'\tlilit W. lx'isley. head ot the‘of master of pedatzogy last lti‘i(‘ was re-

history department. The (It
says “To Atllla Wood lx'isley whose
slucel
America have insn
pride and appre

 

‘ed us with a deeper

 

love and enthusiastic faith int

elation for our great}

iry note L't"lil\’ given a testimonial dinner in honor

 

of the completion of sixty years as a
teacher In Albany public schools. Al-
bany lei-"hers arranaed the dinner. Mr.

MltOuade ls (~i"hty-onc years old

Further Senior Appointments; List Grows

The following seniors have been added t burn, l'il‘

ahetli. Albany l‘fi'tlt School:

 

to the list of those who have positions for liull. Mary. /\|hany Business (Village;

the ensiliutr

v

 

l“lll'lilttll. Kathleen,"
Marnaretvillc; Hand Mary Ella, Criilrie- i

liineli. .\ladeline. Newconib: Wheeler.
ICllen, (‘ha' liisland, litllel, Albany

 

ton: Kinlnli. litllel. liilrlll Hills; ’illrgin, i l’lihlie Schools; Warner. Florence, flea.

 

l’ieroont Mary,
Mae, ()rie"t: Mersereall. (iladys, Calla-
jollal“ Murray. M. Elizabeth. Albany
l’llbli: S llools; Slate l’alll, .\r:-yle; les-

inir;

 

 

Marie. ()ssiiliua’: Record. Marian. ()ssiii- l con;

Vail {Sutherland Mildred. Walkill; Martin.

Livingston. Marjorie t'v'rintli'
'nve Albany f’llbli" Schools; \l'e‘linlz.
Martha. Walkill; White' Mildred
t'oir'erlz; Roberts. .\lay. lilleuiille.

 

      

 

 

STATE CO-OP

The State College “Co-op" is tln‘
only Slitﬂll-Flltttl cooperative bookstore
in the eonntry Hiring a five per cent
reduction on new lioelul henides p: '
postage. ’l'lle “(lo-op" crews by sin
gestioll. The present llniillntelnenl
which will continue next year, want.
it to he of more alld more l‘\'it‘.e o.
students. Constructive e “til Il'
praise is always welconiwl. and. ill L't'll-
eral. it may be said that the old miner
"no news is good newsH does not at
plyr to the "Co-op."

Next year the. saute system for [in
"ale. of new books will prevail. depenl
‘lli upon the fact. liowet'er that sln
lleuts contililie the good habit t‘rlt'l‘
li‘shed this year iii coming; promptlv
for books ordered. 'I‘he seennd-lan
liooll department will open again \illlt
a new up-to-llate system [or llalnliili
the books submitted. Ruth Lane. '
Ruth Kelly, ’28. and Myra litltt‘ll.
will have ellal'n'e. Students are lirwl
to leave all saleable boon before lb
end of exalnimltions. plainly mart: t
with name and ittitlt't s. Settlelnvnl
will be made twir- a ar.
'l‘hauksniriugr aml Easter, lespertile‘i
'l‘lle “Co—op" will also llit\t' all ruin
position hooks tablets. and t‘tltllllltt
cial papers marked with the name api
seal of State (Toilette. .'\

 

 

 

l

 

 

belol

 

 

 

ductiou on all Fllf‘ltlit'c nu"
quantities is contemplated. 'I‘he set-rel
of sarlng money and time for lhr

students and
tile l'tlt't"

’l'lle “ mp" of State ('ollene. lil.
that of (‘orllell University had l‘lillllllt
beginnings but its yearly ex; anrioo l
meet the I s of college stud 'nt~ \\ “l
r' on plow it ill almost the mun- pow

lltt.‘ "CU-up" lies in «plan

 

 

ti

 

1 tion as the store of the llnilla'sity.

o .
Alumni Dinner

The first event of the social seawn
at State is the ll‘aelllty ltereptim: to
the freshmen. Addres :s of \\'t‘l('tllll"
are made to the ft't'dlnlt'it by lhzni
Metzler and various faculty memlno.
alld the freshmen have an opportnn.l~
to meet their instructors of the on.
log four years. The St’tllllnlttnl'su to‘
low this by a quite dittereut l'i-rl,lim
to the freshmen in the animal !
\Vise Party. at which the illl‘l'lllitl
class is dilly initiated and made to it i
the superiority of the sophomor-
To compensate for this harsh tr -'
nient the juniors give their sister rla
a jolly time at a masquerade. 'I‘ll
final welcome to the freshmen coon
from lutersorority in the form lit .l
tea, to whicll all students are \\"‘l|'t|tl'
'l be receiving line is composed of l'
sorority presidents Alumnae llli‘l-
bers of the sororities pour.

Social events languish a bit tl!:'
after mid-year, when illuior \\t ‘
brings Prom. one of the biggest sore
events of the year. am] the JlIllll‘
Ltlnrheon. Prom is usuallv held ‘
the Ten Eyck. and Junior lauiehi-o
at the Colony Plaza
'Senior Hop. the
by the clas and' Sophomore
the first real party of the sister L‘la
occur during l'l‘ohrllary and a. v

Early in May, liltersororitv i'..
one of the most colorful tiffttit‘s' of !
ason. is held at the Ten liyek.
some time duringr the year. the wt'l‘
mores give all informal party to ill.
sister class. The year closes with t'~
‘as‘t sol"al eteilt of the 's'enio‘

 

 

 

 

    

 

t informal 
_ (ill '

 

 

 

 

illenior Ball.

 

 

 

