r2
.
I.

 

 

 

 

rage Two

Stan: (ﬂuilvgv Newgl

 

 

 

Em. 1'7, 1 _

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student l-ody of. the Newt why I culmud Slum my”!

York State College for Teachers :1
Alhany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dollarsi
may be had

 

a.

per year. Advertising
on application to the hnstness manager

i No. 

(Articles, nutnnscripts. etc... must he

in the hands of the. editors hefot'c Mon- '

day of the week of pithli‘atioii.)
Sditor-in—Chief
KATHLEEN L. human. ‘23
Managing Editor
I‘lAnnv  (initi-‘nnt', '26
Business Manager
.l\'t,i'l‘ii lian'ron, '25
Subscription Manager
Gwnnnomn Jones, '25
Assistant Business Managers
.nis Mooiuc. ’
ELISE Jiowicn, ’25
Assistant Subscription Manager
| v‘

 

it.\n<:i..\\', 26

ciate [Editors

it‘mnicneu PLA'rNcn. ’25

if N liiaaor'r. ‘26

Jov i’nnsons. ‘26

Mannatnr BENJAMIN. '26
Reporters

SAM lianniatv. ’27

Joiaa low. ’

KarnnrN incurs, ‘27

ANNA Kori“. '26

Enwm VAN ix’unch. ‘27

LOUISE Conn. ’27

A

  

 

 

    

’l‘llltl JA’I‘ ('J\ MIC HACK

S'I‘A...

ADVANTAGES OF STATE

" Why did you come to State when you
had your choice. and could st '
so many colleges?" someone asked me. liml ‘

“ tiecanse i want. to teach," l replied. f“ “' "” ‘\""”'-" mm'slmlml'

I know that is the principle i"“lntill

i'". "
ii heean to think of my life's work, |
lllit\'t.‘ had an earnest desire to heroine a
teacher. State t'ollcze lint only affords
iample means for carrying: out. my par-
ticular desire, hilt also provides an op-
iportunity for dci'clopini.I other ainhiiions.

 

l (ltilll’il'ltlltl NEWS, ()O’ITOlil‘lh‘. l7, iti‘J-i
CLASSES PHOTOGRAPHED

i’anorama pictures of the

 

 

 

 

     

Z

..
{\lltauy livcnintr and the Knit'
l)t't‘l\'t.‘l‘ i'ri- .. It Wits i‘nnnd later that
a technical error had marred the picture
made. of the junior class to such an ex
tent it could not he used. it is anilripai-«l
‘ her picture of the juniors will lit'
later. if it can he, arranetel in
\liii the class's (‘iIlI\'t'iih'ilt't'. The llll‘tt
l lirom the veryhcst authority. l lt'ill'm'd perfect iiit‘lltl‘t's will hc pnhlishcd nr
ithat the courses at State were as good. Vim”. [H Hm “I- pm].

i

   

 

 

 

 
 

and litany of lhctn hcitcr than those “MIMI I”... irrirlujn “m ,1,..,.._,..[ I.
“mid” “l, “Ill,” .‘V‘lk'lius- All" i‘t‘ﬁitliiip; of notices and anininnrcmcnt oi
[‘llltti‘tlllHli incenlnzation oi many colleges m. mnwlinn “I' II... and...” “W T]...
‘lhat l L‘ttiihitltfi‘cd as pnssth .
Jaweriaincd that the educational value of
th'iait: Collette could not he excelled.
i,r\iso, here one may obtain a life's rer-
liiiiratc to teach, and. in any emergency,
la n or woman has his or her err-
'tliicate to rely upon in later years.

One of the factors which aided me in
.Iin decision was the high praise given
‘to State hy many people. In the opinion
of some, it was t'olniirlt‘i't'rl the hest in
New York St. e in every way. The
.rcpntatinn of State was lauded lit-cause
{it had never been marred. The high
.a'holarship standards were prnclainn-d hy
others to he unsurpassed.

l confess that another one of the
thine-s that especially lured me to Stain
rwas the social life of the college. llcing
la resident of Alhany. | hail heard of
their many enjoyable times. and now
llhat i am a student here and have had
leuntact with the litultllii'i‘s nlf State, i will
iiillli't' than convinced tlat tic State t'o -
'legians know how to work and play, and To BE REPRESENTED
can do both well. Unrint,r liducation \\"eek. Novem-

Thc last reason and perhaps. in some. her l7 to 23, State ('oltt-ue will recog-
ilie least, is that State t‘ollcee is So near nixe its .'r " are in the educational
my home. However. it my home were world in 5 ways. one of which

t“

were led in singing hy Alina
Valle, '17.
COMMERCE CLUB MEETS.
The (fhamlwr of (ininnu-rrn (Ilnli
held its lirst meetngr of the college

       

 

hers present. t‘ointniitt-es were ap-
pointed for social and lttls‘ilit'ss activi-
ties of the iii-mint: year. The unanhers
of the l‘lllli are planning a hot (loi‘r
roast, which is to he held in thc iit'lli'
future at l\'Iiit'ltt‘l'lltit‘kl'i‘ .akc. .r\u
enrollment of at least liin new mem-
hers is expected within another week.
l".\‘cry iiit'ililit‘r is coniident lll'tl tin-
cluh will he a sncci s 'ially. ml at
the same time of spec hcnciit in
Connection with ronuuta'i'ial \\'orl<,3
The ofﬁcers wish that all those t'lltfillll'
for mcmlnrrship would join the rlnh.

EDUCATIOIi'W'i'EIEK. s. c. T.

        

 

5
7:

   

(
COllll‘ll’US Dil)’ lifts 50C“ 50”“ Ufiiar away it would not have altered my will he a rrln‘csrniaiivc part at the

3

Alumni driftini,r hack to State. \Vhyldc
‘ ' | rms "

this great influx of “schon
Do they come tn display their new
gowns. the products of their enormous
salaries? Well. perhaps, but not en-
tircly. Do they come to see old e
mates and to chat 3; n with their
favorite professors? i'crhaps, hut not
entirely. The real force which pulls
them hack to their Alma Mater is an
intangible something known as college
spirit. it is an idealistic something
which “The Plastic Age.” in spite of
its gross rc'lism. has managed to por-
tray. it is a something which makes
football teams gather new force in the
face of defeat. it is a something
which makes alumni pledge. to dormi-
tory funds. t is a st'nncthing far he-
low the surface, but which when it

 

 

 

   

 

l
i
t
i

 

 

 

ill to enter here, and since i have (‘hainher of (‘mnmercc dinner; and
beta at State l have not had one reet'et. another, an appropriate address to the
Lela \l'an Schairk. ‘28. student body. i

 

'l‘lll‘l ('ttlalgldt'iltl AND I'l'i' TEAM 
Great .'
t i

" tireat athletes owe a part of their greatness to great situations.
situations, in turn, are due. I helieve. in part to crowds." Thai is the ltt'llt‘l o
(jolt-man It. firifiith. professor of Psychology in the University of lllinois,‘
anti author oi The Psychology of Spur writingr in Liberty. llc goes on: ‘

" i do not heiie e tin-re is any numi ll or mysterious force which a crowd
can exercise on a team, but i do think a team is quick to detect small changes
in the quality of a voice or the intensity of a Voice which means plenty of
support or lack of support. The constant repetition (“ the shout. ‘hoid that
line' cannot help hut lfll't‘l' the Iiit’lillH‘l'n of a teatn to think as the crowd is
thinking. and i helicvt- that where there is a fervent thought of an end to lic
gained. the chances e that the cor 'ponding' actions will follow."

If we are to in we l'rofessor ‘ ith. and there is every reason to heed

 

  

 

         

..
his words. a duty is clearly outlined for every student of State t'oiieee. who i.

 

s not a memher of the foothall squad. it is to he present tomorrow afternoon. l

wells up from the surface. feeds and in the chewing section, when State College meets the Colgate freshmen in’

nourishes a College. Those who have i one of our two home calm-s this year,

it are nnahlc to define it: those who
haven't it have not the capacity to
realize what the ' are missing. if you
are among the former you are a vital
part of this institution; if you are
amng the latter you are of little im-
portance in your college. \Vhy not
get some college spirit. everybody?

 

\VHY STATE?

The three chief reasons why the
students of State College came here
for their higher education are the
convenient location of the college. its
standing in professional training and
the influences of alumni who told of
its other advantages. accordingr to Dr,
Arthur K. Beik, i 'stant professor of
education, who has charge of much
of the work of cmnpilintt‘ results from
the qtmstionnaires answered yearly hy'
entering classes. '

Although no exact ﬁgures can he
cited, these are the three reasons which

   

appear most frequently, he declared. Monday of alternate months.

i

 

i
i
l
l

 

It is the college's opportunity and,i
privilege to show a fighting spirit canal to that of the eleven last Friday when t
if held down the strolu.r \\'orccstcr Tech tcam to one touchdown and a iicld'
goal. in a score of 7 to I).

it is a privilege and duty which demand :hat the cheers conic when thcyi
are most needed, win, the men are ii:."hiiner in the shadow of their goal—posts. t
Then it is when m‘g‘anized Chet-ring amt not wild and random sliuttlint: mart
turn thc tide. I '

State (‘nllcuc is proud of the team that represented it at \V'orcester :tiitl'
which will wear its colors tmnorrow at Ridgclield park. it is proud of a tram
recruited from thirty or forty candidates which was ahle to hold hack \Vorccs- l
tcr's fighting machine. a machine recruited from a student liody of more than i
seven hundred. it is glad to acclaim that team’s coach, its captain, and itsl
men. And. it will not fail the team that did not fail it, '27. l

 

DEAN TEACHES CLASS PRESIDENT TO SPEAK

All Methodist girls, especially fresh-i Dr. liruhacher will address the
men, are invited to attend the 'l'ri  lCIlClH‘I‘S 0f Fulﬁl-"t" COUNTY at Pout-th-
Lamlnla Sunday School Class of Cal~ i l\‘('t'it5i0. Thllrﬁllﬂ)’. OClOllﬂ'l‘ 23. and
vary M, E, Church, Dean Metzler is the teachers of Long island. Fridayp
the teacher, and an interesting and in- October 24, at Amityviile. l
structive program has been mapped t The annual report of the State
("It fm‘ the year. Rciiillﬂl' ltllSiHCﬁS i 'i'cachers Retirement Board was read
and social meetings are held the first ; before the faculty at their meeting last
i Monday.

student
Irnm hotly ni State College. made by chines

' day. will appear shortly in an}
l'irtlu'nsi
taken hy phnloizrapln-rs for tlu"

ycar ()rtoln-r l. with thirty-four nirIn-.

 

Dorothy 'i'aylol‘, '25. has
been elected in ()niirrnn Nit. liu
honorary
State t'ollctw in NH.
ito stimulate scholarship and pound
'icadership anionu the

l'l‘tilii".

(nation'qu
its pnrp....

society was

student» 
1lion|c lCconnniicn. Unly juniors and
tSt'ltiors arc cliuililt', (ltlu-r (Itnirrun
gNn inclnlwrs from '25 are Marit- iinv
lein, and Ruth Hits. 3'.
t itclta (hut-ea welcomes l\'iiili i'lnijriv,
3'27, into pit-due mcniht-rship.

l .. ,. r .. . . . .

‘ allie licmenialui. J-l. lainll‘
l llelilinu', 'l-l. lhn'is johnsou. 'J-l, Hi .i.
lilt'lll lft'iiiit'i'. '33. Were tun-~|~ .‘ii it
i Della house over lllt‘ \\'l't'l\‘ end.

E Miss Mary l'i'l'ai'il. S Icuw '33, .a
l'oopt'l‘riown ri. ted ilt'lt'li l‘lllioit, J'
'at the Delta ()un‘ea house this \\«.1.
end.

lelappa lih-lta welcomes ,litiillll
\\ right, 20. and l\'athcrint: Tanner. '17.
.‘Is pledge nn-mliers.

larva l.ittell, '23. Marion Miller. '_’l.
and Margery Bay 's L, \ll'i‘t' nul.
cud guests at the Kappa l)clta hon-w.
I Sophia ficriskiu. .\lpha [Epsilon I’ln,
2t), has transferred to Simmons (1.].
tree. toston.

. tss Katherine Mourni- spent the
\\'t‘t'l\' end at the lila l’hi honw a~ the
guest oi her sister. Jacqueline .\Ionrw,
7.

   

    
  

   

l'Iia l’lii extends her sympathr ItI
Marion (Iheeseln'oueh on the dcaili oi
her mother.

Miss llclcn Monk.
"s hospital rt'cupt-rat
opt-ration for appendicitis.

Miss Margy Shaw, instructor in
filovt-rsvillc Business ('rdleee. leilr'l
iCdith Higgins, '25, over the week cut,

l'si (iamma entertained over ('ohim~
has Day. l\'ailn-ryn Shipman, '23. ltnth
lillis. '24, Dorothy lcnuit, '24. l.ci|a
(.achncr, '22. Anne Olson, '24. and PW,
Underwood. '22.

‘Marjoric Sinnott. '24, llvlcna l'mr-
sick. '24. Dorothy l'\'cclrr, '24. of tin
Sigma Theta. were at the house. nm'
the week end,

IOIht-r alumni who visited State on
Colnnihns Day were Doris Johnson,
.24, PM cilla Jones, '24, Nellie, Maxim.
Vl-i, ()iiwr l’ntnaln. '24. Miles l'ollnclr.
24. Lawrence Rupert. ’24, Dorothy
thine'rcluoinl, ’23. lithel Seymour. '23.
Helen Hln-pardson, '33. Maliina
t.ennnle. '22.

\‘osalinc tirccnlwre‘, '26. is Icadine
woman of the “WV players. the ennui

 
 
   

 

 

 

oi professionals who ln-oadrmi radio
dramas. from the General lClet ic ('otn-
ianys station at Srlu-nectarly. .\li<~’

  

l
( ~nherg \ with the company last
year and worked up to the leading role“.

 

SYDDUM HALL NOTES

Joyce Dwycr and lrene laineell,
lro'th '24. spent the week-end here.
Miss l)wycr is teachings at .\lidd|eto\vll
and .\fiss (iaineetl at Fonda.

.lrs_ C. Selovar and daughter (irat'v.
and kits. William Moore, and dam-fl"
let's. Gertrude and Mary. all of New
York City, visited Adelaide Concschow
"aturday and Sunday.

Lillian Slater spent the week-end at
her home in Schenectady.

Mr. L. It. lJcnison of \Vcstiicld.
New Jersey. has hccn \isitinp.‘ his
daughter. Louise Dcnison, '28.

 

 

