 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NE

WS, MARCH 20, 1925

Page Three

 

SUCCESS ASSURED

Albain will be able to raise its $l50,~
000 share of the Residence Hall fund.
according to the belief of Charles (iib-
son, vice chairman of the campaign
committee. Mr. Gibson sailed for
Europe Saturday, but will return to
Albany before the campaign ends.

"I am certain," said Mr. Gibson,
“that Albany will St‘L its duty in this
matter, and work and give for the
erection of the Residence Hall. It has
been a sourCe or continual regret to
Albanians that the girls who are to
be the teachers of the children of the
coming generation in New York state
should be subjected to the tribulations
that await so many of them when they
cotiie here to attend college.

As I look over the calendar it
seems to me there will be a continu-
ous campaign in Albany from now
till mid-June. But of all the objects
none is more deserving than State
College.

"I am told the Residence Hall will
be both beautiful and useful, that it
will be provided with every modern
convenience of light, air, and comfort,
All of these things should be at the
disimsal of the: young women who
come here as guests of the slate and
of the city.

With Albany giving $150,000 or
more. and the alumni adding “€150,000
more to the $100,000 already r: l for
the $400,000 Residence Hall Budding
Fund. it should not be very long before
we can point with pride to another
achievement in the Capitol District."

The church cooperation committee
has been organized and conducted its
first meeting Monday in the form of a
dinner in the Fort ()range Club. The
Rev. Dr. Roelif ll. Brooks is chair-
man. Assisting him are the Rev.
Dr. William Herman Hopkins, the
Rev. H. G. I'fagamau, the Rev. Rich-
ard E. Locke, the Rev. C. Ii. l’rontz,
the Rev. Charles S. l-lager, Rabbi Mar-
ius Ransom, the \'ery Rev. Charles
C. \V. Carver and the Rev. David Lee
Jamison.

The purpose of the committee is to
obtain the active support and coopera-
tion of all Albany churches and re-
ligious societies.

   

 

Methods of procedure will be
discussed and it is expected the
committee will choose a uiiday

during the intensive period of the cam-
paign from May Is to June 8, when
the campaign may be announced in
churches.

Ily unanimous agreement the board
of directors of the Albany Chamber of
Commerce, at its most recent meeting.
approved the coming campaign.

The resolution said:

\Vhereas, the New York State Col-
lL‘ls’e for Teachers has made an excel-
lent record as one of the leading insti-
tutions of the east, and

Whereas, its alumni, over a period
of years have been most influential in
those movements tending to the
growth and upbuilding of our various
communities, and

Whereas. the college is both a cul-
tural and business asset in providing
free tuition and expending approxi-
mately $1,000,000 yearly in Albany, and

Whereas, the alumni are iinw engaged
in raisng I 00.000 Residence Hall
Building Fund to construct a students’
dormitory, so urgently needed prop-
erty to house girl students under
favorable social and moral conditions.

Be it therefore resolved, that the
Albany Chamber of Commerce heartily
endorse and commend this movement
to the public as a worthy object and
express to the Residence Hall buildi-
iiig funds its desire and willingness
to cooperate in every possible way to
make the movement a signal success.

 

College Cullings

FOU’I‘IIALL will be dropped as a

sport at State next fall. The Ath-
letic Council has not acted on the
question but the opinion of the col-
lege's leading athletes is that con-
|inuance of inter-scholastic football in
:iepteniher will be unwise. The need
all along has been not for better men,
but for more men so that two teams
each with a string of substitutes can
be maintained. \‘Vitlioiit scrubs with
whom to practice excellence is prac-
tically impossible. In basketball
where the squad is much smaller this
is not so necessary. A longer court
schedule and the beginning of basket-
ball practice a month before the usual

 

date will be possible if football is
abandoned
[fur/cellar” . ffli' marl lm/uilur
.r/wrl ’ft'l't' and flux ulieuyr
[0711qu the Mlit.\'f .iiirri'rsfiil.

[5mm l/n' fillrmriu/ 7'ii'7v/Ii'inl if
is fl'LI' i'.r/n'ii.' ' l/nlii [no/hull.

   

 

llormitory life. in Whittier lIa||.l
home of five hundred girl students ofl
I'ohiinhia University is iniercslinglyi
described by Miss Winifred l‘ulbert-
son. an alumna of (icneseo Stale Nor-
mal School in the school's newspaper.

Her article s: :

“Getting acquainted with 500 girls
who live in one dormitory is In ilitali-d
by the seating arrangements in each
in the ten dinng rooms in Whittier
a .

One gets acquainted with the mem-
bers of one s own class by being seated
lust of all With st en others at table.
After a brief period of acquaintance-
ship, congenial groups organize "home
tables" of eight. eh two weeks,
however, a change is affected by lot.
In this f'shioii each student spends
it the "home table" and
.it other tables where she

 

 

 

two week.
makes new contacts.

Whittier Hall is
men students of the University under
24 years of age, although apparently
some older students and some doing
graduate .work also gain admission.

intended for wo-

t'uniparativvly few restrictions are
placed on the social life of the stu-
dents. 'l‘hey ar. required to ‘ ll :
register when leaving and returning
to the dormitory and for week-end
absence must fill out a slip and inform
the assistant welfare director. "hey
may not be out in the evening later
than 9:30 without f 'inier permission
or letting their destination be known.
Specal arrangements have to be made
for (‘ftlllll'lE in late.
No definite rules respecting absence
from or tardine. in arriving at classes
seem to be in force. as it is expected
that all students will voluntarily at-
tenn on account of their interest in
the work which they are doing.
Students living in \Vhittier Hall pay
$402 yearly for a single room. board.
and a certain amount of laundry. The
tuition amounts to about $250 a year.
In addition to these fixed expenses
there is a tax of one dollar a semester
for the support of student activities.
These include an informal dance
cierv Friday afternoon, open to all on
payment of a small fee. usually ten
cents. and various club activities.
Each major subject has its own club
so that students are brought together
on the b.sis of their common inter—
ests. The clubs meet weekly for stip-
pers and dances. and sometimes pre-

a:

  

 

 

 

   
 

 

sent programs in the Horace Mann
auditorium."

lid. fl’ui'fili'i'. it'lio t'tltft'flt'tl
Slit/c ('nf/i'yc'r fltl.\‘/i‘t‘ffIiI/f in fflt'
l0lfi~l7 i'i'iLrou iiml who note
has [he .rimn' pavilion llf lful'»
riiril flux brain/III his fi‘tflll out
’itf/II ('It‘i’i‘lf wins in fftll’lt'l‘ll
yuunu this year. The year he
Mir fierc Slate lrinmo'rl N. l’. I.
and XI. .Inlni'r tllttf fir/if (Jo/gale
to {l lure score.

liilueatiuii by hypnotisin is a far-off
possibility and not to be thought of
seriously in the opinion of Dr. George
A. S. l’aiiiter, prof l' of psychology
and philosophy. Discussing the re-
ported discovery of a method to hyp-
notize students into winning l’bi lieta
Kappa keys for excellence in scholar-
ship, Dr. l’aiuter expressed doubt as
to the practicability of the process.

The discovery is attributed to a
graduate student in the psyvliology
department of Harvard University, of
which Dr. I’ainter is an alumnus.

"I do not talce much stock in the
strange sloi‘ies of this kind which ap«
periodically,” l'i'ofcssor l'aiiitvr
"llynotisni is so subtle a plie-

 

 

raid.
iioiut'na that we vaiiiiol say just what
is possible but the idea of Itiplt'lllL‘,
greater scholastic zeal by use of it
seems improbable."

S'I‘A'I‘I’. (‘Olllitili ' a million dollar
asset for Albany yearly. according
to estimates of the. Albany t'haniber of
Commerce. The group figures the col-
lege spends this much money in lIlt' city
e eh year. flue million ilolla is
. ible item, even in Albany's balances.
llctween a quarter and a fifth of it is
.tate money that goes to the support of
the college. The rest comes out of the
students' pocket. One thousand students
here nine months plus eight hundred
sion students here six iv (i
spend $750,000, the figures would indi—
eate. All this should make interesting
reading to advertisers in colleee publi—
cations. The college has been here
i-iehty rs. The first year it spent
to s than 1,000. The cost has been
wing up ever since. Since 1‘”? the
llltlt"ll budget has gone from $4.000 to
311.000. If someone could estimate the
gold which has been collected from all
\‘tt‘ the state and circulated in \
liroiigb the papa-student-sttn‘t eeper
route, the aggregate would be tremend-
nus.

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

.Vini‘t yi'iir f/It' curl of il/Ir‘l'tl~
lion will go ll]! $30,000. /fil¢.f In
l/nil flft' probable [U‘n/tm‘fflttltlfr'
iiiri'rure in SIM/NI] .r/teliili'ngs,
$75,000 [or foundation: for
llirri‘ new f)lifftfffl_I/.Y, $250,000
more for Ifie lii'sl third of the
war/.- nu them, $400000 more
for a (lanai/my, (no! [lie fﬂftlf

   

will he near/y It million
dollars.

VARSITY TO PLAY R. P. I.
A change in the varsity baseball

schedule substituting a regular game
with lx'ensselaer Polytechnic Institute
for the practice contest originally an—
nounced has been made by Harry Rude,
manager. The gamc will be played May
30 at Troy.

on. s,
The RushtAa. Seen
By‘, "Yrggh an

At approximately, I’ililﬂ,"0l the
evening or Friday tl'fe thirtet'piti of
March, thirteen male ineiqbersjtifi he
class of '28 wrested a green: and \ i' e
banner from the masculine pontion 0,0
the sophomore (:l’ which l'tI§ pre
ent, three policemen, and two janitorsl

After all other business of chapel
was over, on the "buodoo" day. "
llaunti-d its shining banner of yellow
and white in the faces o '27, and
ared them to "try and get it." The
men of '20 then followed up a trail
which they thought might lead to
the highly-coveted sophomore haimer,
but found, when on their way to Sche—
nectady, that it was only a sorority
banner that they had found." 'l'hey
returned it in due time. Later, with
a little persuasion not wholly lingual,
'28 devested '27 of its coats for a mat-
ter of a mere couple of hours; at the
end of that time the garments were
returned, liavini,r been replaced in the
interim by overeoats aml the like.
The next t'\‘t‘lll of the day deserves
a new pa rapll.

"Hangwayl" '28 was “rushing” the
gym! Not more than thirteen sec.-
onils had elapsed before thirteen of
the men of '28 had shot throuin a
window of the gym, down the airs,
and onto the lloor, Immediately.
poliremen's clubs began to land none,
[too softly on the apparently undesired
freshmen, to which fact many of them
can bear witii A hammer flashed
,thi'cateningly in mid—air; '27 tried to
‘stand its ground; janitors triidi-avoii-d
to throw out some of the fi'csbiiien;
but most of the defense was of little
avail. In this cornt one sturdy
‘fl't‘hllllli'lll all but pulled a night stick
ilrom the bands of one of the reserves
from the I’iitli precinct. Here. a group
of freshmen tried to raise a ladder in
order to tear down the prize. ’l'lit-re,
another one leaped from four to five
feet stra'i'lit into the air toward the
banner, and barely missed it. Mean-
while, '28, '27, policemen, and jani-
tors formed the best melee that State
College has seen in years. with the
women of the sophomore class, their
partners, and others as es of
the fracas. liinally. three frt,
pushele an iron and leather

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

   
 

 

haiiy .

“bore with lightning speed. to a
position directly under the banner.
Immediately the sophs tried to push
it back from where it came, but—a
isuinnier breeze ainst Gibraltar!
lNow one daring fre iman took a fly-
Siiig leap over the backs of the near-
jest soplis, paused during a split sec.-
Illltl on the "hers." l'aped again
itoward the banncn, and "led to
the floor with the quarry in his hand!
'l‘hcii followed blackness iii the en-
tire gyni while another freshman
threw the switch that plunged the
place into darknc ‘

During the "lo. " feeliiii,r which cu-
sued, '28 dragged the prize to a win-
dow at the south side of the building
and, after making a few attempts to
pass one curl of it up to one of their
members at the top of the exercising
bars, succeeded. During,r the struggle
around the window. several more
blows were inflicted on the freslimen‘s
arms and beads by the clubs of the
policemen, who were supposed to ii1~
tcrferc "only to break up the hand-
to-hand fighting.H

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

   

 

MILLS ART PRESS,

394-396 Broadway. Albany. N. Y.

Printer: of State College
News

PRINTING

Special Attention Given
Society Work

  

.272

 

 

