 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ottegeN,

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE POI TEACHER!

EsrAausHaD Br 7'

us cuss Or um

  

 

 

VOL- IX... NO. '5

CONCERT To
BE TONIGHT

Big Musicalugvent
Of Season At Hall

Matty talented State College follows
its recent dramatic success by a tutt-
sical treat tonight at 8:30. when the
Music Association in its ltlltl'wlllltfl‘
concert will present at Clutucellor's
llall, tlte Women's Chorus, a Mixed
Chorus, and the College Orchestra.
under tlte direction of l‘rofessot' ’l‘.
l"l‘t:tlt.'l‘ll‘l( H. (Iandlyn. 'l'lte llun—
garlan \ioliuisl. Zollan Sxekely, will
he tlte ' sting artist itt connection
with the college organizations. Zol-
tan Sackely is famed for his. tevlntiqttt-
and tone quality. He is at present
guest soloist tvitlt the lletroit Synt-
phony ()reltstra. in addition, Sxekely
it; a noted composer who has traveled
itt l'ittgland, ltaly, llollatnl. (ierntany.
and Hungary. He is returning itt the
ttear future to his native country for
a concert tour,

it has been arranged that the hal-
cony at the ltall be reserved for State
College ﬁllltlL‘tllH who will he admitted
'on presentation of student tax tickets.
lii.ty cents will reserve a seat on the

 

  

main floor.
Previous concerts given by the State

College musical organizations have

 

,1

been highly praised for their excel-t

lence. lie a committee of one and
See that you are present.

The followingr numbers are included
in the program for the evening:
Marche Militnire..  . .. ....Schuhert
Gavotte .......................Gluclt

Orchestra
Non Nohis Demine............l3yrd
Wake Miss Lindy. . ....VVarner
The Dairy Maids. . .. . . . . .. ..Laliorge

Women‘s Chorus

Largo and Allegro.........Veraeini

Concerto itt E Flat...........\'lozurt

Zoltau Szelcely

Deep River..... ......Negro Spiritual

Viking Song. . .. .. . Coleridge—Taylor
.‘lixed Chorus

 

 

...............Handel
.....Delihes

Minuet
Valse (Syliua Ballet) . . ..
Orchestra

Song of the Volga Boatmen. . .. ..
 . . .. ..Russiau Folk Song
The Little Dustmau.............
 ..Gerntun Folk Song
Listen, Gianetta....ltalian Folk Song
Vonten‘s Chorus
Caprice (Violin alone) . . . .Saint-Lubin
Serenade Espagnole. . . . . . . .. .
........... .. Chaminade-Kreislcr
Csardaseeue itt G ltl.iuor......I-luhay
Zoltan Szekcly
The Blue Danube...
Women's Chorus

 

..Strauss

 

 

ALBANY., N. Y. Fri

Bymei'Bill To Be
Acted On La'er

The fate of the Byrne bill appropri-
ating $250,000 to begin work on the
,troposed three building addition to
State College hangs in doubt. State
Senator William '1‘. Byrue, of Albany.
who introduced the hill three weeks
ago, told the State College News this
Week that ltc does not know whether
.l will he passed. lts chances, he de-
clared, are no better than last year.

"'l'he hill will pt‘ohahlv fall into the
:o-ealletl ’tltirty-tlay (:l' s.
" lt tvill he one of tlto., hills which
are acted upon just before the l(',';l.\'-,
'atttre closes its that
.‘fﬂ'l'l'llltl‘ ran pass upon them within
tltc thirty day limit.” “.\t present,"
Senator Ilyrtte raid, "l do not know
il the hill will he passed. The xteedv.
of the college are appreciated. httt the
question is whether the state can
afford the money this year, 'l'hvl
failure of the hill to pass lint year ltas’t
ltt‘l‘ll gent-rally attributed to a jam of‘
business in the lint ‘etv days in which,
it lost out. l believe, however. tltali
the chief reason it failed of p: 
along with a ttttuther of other nteas—l
tires, is ll('L‘itll,\'lf of the question oft

 

 

st-s‘sion so the t

 

ways altd means.”

“ ‘l'ltt: measure." he said, “ will proh—
ahly not he acted upon hy the Senate
Finance and the Assembly Ways and
Means Committees until just hefrrc
the close of the session. prohzthly‘
sometime between March 13 and
April 1.

"With the approval of those two
I'uunnittees and the support of Gov-
Jrnor Smith," Mr. Byrne said, "pas-
:age of the hill by the Assembly and
Senate would be virtually as tired."

Editorial support of the hill has
been given in Albany by these papers:
The Evening News, the Knicker-
hoeker Press, and the Times—Union.

The Famous Farrar
To Deliver Talk Here

John lt‘arrar, playwrite, poet, and
editor of "The Bookmatt,” will give
an informal talk Saturday evening itt
the college auditorium upon the sub-
ject of the modern play and modern
play production. Mr. Farrar has the
advantage 0‘ personal acquaintance
with the famous and illustrious of the
day, which in itself promises a delight-
ftll inside glimpse of the character and
lives of outstanding contemporaries.
Very likely he will touch upott his own
recent experiences in New York play
production. Whatever he presents,
one may feel assured that his tail: wtll
have a Wide appeal, whether or not
one is up to date in theatre-gontg.

 

‘ \vt-re

BRUARY 6. I925

Junior Prom LeaVes
No Doubt 0f Success

‘t he night of January fill marked the
passing of Junior l’ront, the crowning
went of the career of 1926, it t'ul-
.illed the keeuest atttiriptttinns of the
most enthusiastic supporter. 'l‘he
{nests were received by the ex-olli-
eio faculty members of the class.
l’residenl and Mrs, Abram R. Bru-
'taeht-r Dean Anna li. I‘ierce: the
’arttlty members of the class Miss _l,
lsahelle ,lnllll‘ltttl. Miss Maud Mal-
L'ohu. and Miss Mareart-t lletz: the
‘lass ollit'ert. llilda Kliuhltart, Mary
"annieatt, and Margaret lleujatnin
lllll‘ to tl‘e lllllt“S of the prtw‘itlrul.
\llll'it'l \Vt'llYt'l the eraml tuart‘h was
l'tl hy llihla l\'linklart, Setting
‘t-lielttful lll’.'t‘t‘llt'lll the |tl|ll‘<tllt'.~H('h
\\'HI‘1' t't t‘u‘ltpw of tea rows. lttltt'th of
'ln‘ t‘t'tzartl Hf '20.

The music .nrui».lt<~t| by .\|rt- 
l‘t'llt“ll't’l was truly a jawy, prmolttng
‘tttitatiou wide the orgattinatitttt
Ililllllt'l“ ahly lent lltt‘lllh‘t‘llt's‘ to lllt'
't-t't l'llllll".‘~ wiult. 1\ pml utortetu
rot-ah that llillllt' and jlll‘dt'l‘lilll‘o
the tl‘t'll’llllllllllllll color-t and
t'at t\li.l-\r'it'tttfan honffant style in
'tll it: t‘llill‘lll‘iltt: llllltll'h was deservedly
opttlat'. mui-w-
LUNCHEON ALSO BEST EVER

lt wa~ l‘illl'tl' .‘lll‘l rising and pleas-
'llll. as I’residenl lh‘nhaelntr remarke ,
'n we s1 many young ladies appear
with rosy lilllu‘l" after the affair n
‘he uiultt h"fnr:', or as llenn llttruvt'

 

 

 

 

aid, rost- their vln'ttltn and appear not

rvsh and charming.

The junior luncheon was held in the
attracthe old l)ttlelt atmosphere of the
t'olttny Plant. and opened with the
"Alma Mater," lt‘tl by Mary llltein.
'ng' followed each course, and aflel‘
tlt, delicious luncheon was over. Mary
l“;lllly:tll, as toastntistrt-ss. presented
"resident llrllllill‘llcl' who spoke on
he value of friendship at college. He
tdded that it was highly essential for

 

  
  

'.\’t‘l‘)’ girl to be able to address etery
thet- girl itt her class by her ltrst

‘taute. and then told an anecdote of
the ltnsoeiahility at Harvard. Dean
llorner caught the latter up itt his
'peeclt, and spoke rather disparagingly
if the attitude of Yale men toward
l-lartard men. He went on to speak
’)f the junior class as the nameless
class since it was [/10 class. and read
the ideas of Professor Butler of
Columbia University about the college
student and his reading. Dean Hor-
ncr certainly painted a bright future
'or the college student, and did not
seem to agree with Professor Butler
Everyone certainly agreed with Mary
Flanigau when she spoke of State's
former dean. and of the fact that
while he was at State College she
Tottntl out that " a man's a man for a'

,—.

'll.

Miss Pierce, introduced as having
her ttame in "\Vho's \Vho." spoke' of
the " daily dozen." as “think a good
thought," and “ do a kind deed."
Miss Pierce then spoke of the dormi—
tory. and as the speech lasted more
'ltan two minutes, she won a wager
or it from both Dean Homer and
President Bruhacher Dean Metzlvr
:lahorated on the subject of friendship
and closed with the motto, ‘Do Unto
Others As You Would They Would

 

 iinﬁéiilii:
TEAM WONG»
THIRD GA

Two Home Games i 'i‘
Schedulgglﬁgxt Week

tlte tarslty haskethall team won its
'hird straight home victory Saturday
night. defeating the alumni. 25 to l6,
In the college gymnasium.

'l‘he varsity will not play this week
'utt next week it has two home games
cltedult-d. A week from [rt-night
‘h'ooklyn l'ltarutacy will he met ltert.‘
ind lllt‘ following night ()swvgn Nor-
'tal will he played. C'oaelt Halter has
kept up practice this week and will

[:ll‘w‘ll it until the gatltes. 'l‘ltt' l’ltar-
navy ltll is expected to he a stiff
tr ..lt-.

In last \vt-(l"s name, the alumni.
laying a p: v of mt'nter Purple and
’ ' u. iaih-d to keep up with the
v team play and played poorer
during almost the entire game.
liarly in lllt' second half. spurred up
by the additith of Stanley Fitzgerald,
'ttrtvard on the t‘nllege's State inter-
'nllt~giatt- championship outfit of l9l7.
llt‘ alumni had a brief run of scoring,
l\’ut'2ynirki State forward, broke it up
with a basket.

lx'tttrzyuski was the individual star.
For the alumni. (‘asratant was high
wan with ll\C points. but Fitzgerald
w red four itt one ltalf.

The game started all speedily with
‘mlh teams playing lightly for live
'Illlllllt'h‘ before Kuezyns \‘l scored on a
use from Gainer. ('aq, traut missed

foul and l\'uczynski tallied one.
‘lornttnu‘ came through with an easy
"ankt't and then llathorn scored from
'tlltlt‘l' the hasket. After that the
‘l'tll'plt: and (iold scored frequently.
l'he half which started fast lagged in
‘he closing minutes. Griffin went in
at left guard for Gilchrist as the
lt'l‘llNl ended with the regulars lcad~
‘ng‘, ll to (t.

.lt‘itzgeralll was played in place of
laurk in the second half at left for-
ward. Cassavant tallied zt foul, Hon
uuug came hack with one for State
‘ttltl Fitzgerald tttade one. The alumni
‘put'tcd. tltett slowed up and the var-
Ltty hung up several baskets.

Coach Baker's lineup saw Gilchrist
‘mtl Griffin in Ncpllew's place at left
guard. For the alumni. Cnssavant,
and Hathorn were regulars on the '21
team. Linck was manager and a sub-
Vllllllllc that year. at'ies was a
regular on last season's squad and
therley was captain two years ago.
Fitzgerald played the year the varsity
lefeated Cornell and Syracuse for the
ctate championship. By its win the
team brought its home record to three
\‘lClDl‘lCS in live games, the best in two
years. SUM MARY

Score at half time—Hate ll;
Alumni 6, Fouls committed—By
State, 8: by Alumni. 12. Reicree~
l-l‘umphries. Timekeeper — f-‘euner.
l‘une of periods—'i‘wenty minutes.
Do Unto You.”

Georgia DeMocker related experi-
suecs of '26 as freshmen. and Bernice
Quinn. those as sophomores. The
'uucheon ended with the last strain
of "Attld Lang Sync."

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

