 

 

 

 

 

 

 

g
i
i
a
.,

 

 

 

Page Two

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER» 3], 1924

 

 

ﬁnite (liningrﬁmn

Oct. 31, 1924

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars
per year. Advertising rates may be had
on application to the business manager.

(Articles, manuscripts, etc., must be
in the hands of the editors before Mon.
day of the week of publication.)

Editor-in-Chief
KATHLEEN E. FURMAN, ’25
Managing Editor
Haney S. Goorncv, ’26

r Business Manager
Rurii BARTON, '25
Subscription Manager
Gwcunocyn Jones, ’25
Assistant Business Managers

Lois 'fmmc,’

Ewan 130mm, ’25
Assistant Subscription Manager
.' ELEN BARCLAY, '26
Associate Editors

lv‘ioiirwcr l‘i..irnr.i<. ’25

ffi~.i.i-‘.N IC .iorT, ’26

Jovce Psasous, ‘26

MARGARET BENJAMIN, '26
Reporters

Sana BARKLEY. ’27

JULIA Fay, '27

KATHRYN BLENIS, ’27

ANNA Kore. ’26

Enwin VAN KLEECK, ’27

 

  

 

Lonisr. Conn, ’27

 

marry vs. PRINCIPLE 

in these days of political contention}
one constantly hears heated arguments‘
which almost culminate in real quarrels!
Party support is a vital factor in the;
political world, but when party support]
means inability to appreciate the merits,
of other parties it is biased and preju-i
diced. In these days of eiiliglitmcnt col-,
lege students, Wilﬁ have had every advan-‘r
tage to become broad-minded individuals“
should be able to appreciate and truly:
estimate the value of opponents. Youth-,
ful voters commit a serious injustice to;
their country in following the traditional
of their fathers, apropos to casting their;
votes. In order to really vote iiitelli-i
gently one should study the platforms of}
the various parties, and then cast his bal-i
lot, keeping in mind the party’s past rec-i
ord and the ability of the party’s eandi-i

dates. Excellent opportunity of hearing" .

the various candidates is being afforded;
Albany students. These students should;
take advantage of their opportunities, doi
plenty of thinking, and less talking, and,t
vote intelligently. ‘

MUSIC CLUB TO PRESENT
EVENTS TWICE MONTHLY]
Music Club recitals are held in the:
auditorium the second and fourth Thurs-
days of each month, at 4:30 o’clock. If
you like good music you will surely en—
joy them. Everyone is welcome.

The program of the last recital, Octo—l
ber 23, consisted of two violin solos byi
Mary Wenctawowiez, "Berceuse No. 2,"'
Renard. and “Serenade Champetre de
Boidiﬁref’ vocal solos by Zelma Gor—
man, “Absent,” Metcalf, "A Savannah

 

 

Lullaby,” Robert Baton; piano solos by his appreciation to the student body for needs.

Jennette Manvillo, “Pony Race,” Tumil,
"Impromptuello," Schmutz.

CE'NSOR BOARD EXPLAINS l'l‘S DUTIES

It has been brought to the attention of
the Board of Censors that in two iii-
stances last week, a member of'the fresh—
man class was aided in tlie_ Violation of
a college tradition by her Junior sister.
Although this is admittedly a‘ rare case,
the Board of Ccnsors takes this opportu-
nity to appeal to the sense .of fair play
of the upper classes, in asking that they
themselves respect in every particular the
rules freshmen are required to obey.

it is generally accepted that the great
majority of State's students show proper
obedience to college traditions. Probably
most of the students realize that fresh-
men caunot be expected to obey traditions
which the upper classmen do not respect,
and they act accordingly. A few heed—
less acts, iiiirepreseiitiitive of the great
majority's sentiment, however, minimize
this wholesome influence. The Board of
Ceiisoi's.i'efiiscs to believe that the aver-
age Jiinior Sister would actually assure
her sister that it is "all right" for her
to entercollege by the front door. It
has provided against a repetition of the
offense by the ofTeiiLliiig student.

The loard realizes that it stands in the

ANOTHER “WHY”

Why did we come to State? \Vith all
due respect to the people who have told
us, we think they forgot one important
reason. None of them have said, "We
came to State to help Delta Chi initiate."
What would Delta Chi, of Albany Law
School, ever do without the future
“schoolma’anis” as an andiciice for in-
itiation stunts? What girl could resist
the charms of a college on whose front
steps, some fine autumn afternoon, a
handsome young Ileltzi Chi than might
offer her anything from a bite of green
lollipop to a proposal of marriage, the
latter followed by an abject apology?
Dramatic presentations at any other col-
lege cannot compare with the Friday af-
ternoon entertainments given by those
same Delta Chi initiates, whether we
witnessed them from orchestra seats on
the front steps or from balcoin seats in
the library windows. Whether or not we
thought about it when we filled out our
application blanks, we Will all admit,

t after the last two Friday afternooiis,‘tliat,
we are here just to help Delta Chi iu-'

itiatc.

THE UNIth MAME

'l‘o—morrow's football game with
Union freshmen at Schenectady looks
like a contest well worth seeing. Union
freshmen, always strong, are at their
usual strength this year. State College,
sports writers for the newspapers say,
is stronger than ever before and the
team's record this year bears this out.

It is a question whether college stip-
port is stronger this year. Certainly
oyal rooters were not lacking two weeks
ago when the team played in Albany,
but last week. probably because of the

, liitei‘snrority Tea, only a handful of stu-
'dcuts were at 'l‘roy.

Those who did go
saw State play some of the best ball of

its best season. Besides tn—morrow’s
game there are only two others. One
of them is in New York city. The

other will be in Albany and nearly the
entire college can easily attend. To-
morrow it is not as easy to attend the
game. That is no reason for staying
away, however. The football men may
not ﬁnd it as easy to score but they are
not going to remain at home.

CHARLES THANKS STUDENTS

Charles Worthman wishes to express

the expression of their sympathy over his

accident in the form of a ﬂoral offering.

peculiar position of having as its duty
the censorship of certain acts. It is
charged with property superVisiiig col-
lege tradition enforcement, under Mys-
kania’s direction, particularly in refer-
ence to underclass' rivalry. Some organi-
zation such as it is, is needed and extsts
in all colleges. .

Yet a Board of Censors is most effec~
tive when it has ‘to do ‘least‘. ’lhis year
there has been little violation of rules.
The class of 1928 has shown general rc«
spect for its Alma Mater"s traditions.
The college generally realizes the dis-
,tiiictiun between sophomore. llillti'lg‘
[edicts and college tradition. .[t
stands for strict obedience of the
latter by every one. Button, cap,‘and
front door rules are college traditions.
The others are listed in the freshman
"bible," and are familiar. Violations
must necessarily meet with punishment
to prevent their repetition. The most
effective preventative is the realization
by the offender that he has merited his
college's disapproval.
tSigiied)

THE BOARD on (SENSORS.

To Present Comedy

Tomorrow Evening

tints, speeches, business. and amuse-
ment will he the big points of the meet-
ing of the Eastern liranch Alumni A5—
sociation to be held at college, Saturday.
‘NUVCtHilCr l. The meeting will begin
‘iit 6:30, with a dinner in the cafeteria,
iiiniiiaged by Miss ’l‘hompson. Between
the courses Professor Caiidlyn will take
charge of the singing of college songs.
The speakers will be Mr. Van Cott.

 

Hind Professor Walker. A business

met-ting, including election of omrers,‘

trill l'olliiw.

At 8:30 o'clock the Advanced Dra-
will give a one-act play foth

  

,nintics cl‘ s

the students and the Aliimui Association
in the nuditoriltni.
sented two weeks ago at the junior-
 fresluiiau party.

‘ H. E. DEPARTMENT WILL
BROADCAST HOME TALK

The If. E. Department is arranging
with the General Electric Company at
Schenectady for broadcasting a program
of twenty-two talks. These will be given
Mondays aiul Thursdays at two o’clock
from \V. C. Y. station beginning Nov-
ember 3 and running through February
12. All talks are centered around “l’ro-
fession of l'fomcmakiug." A number of
these will be given by members of the
Home Economics staff. Other depart-
ments in the college and still others out
,side of State College are cooperating.
This program will be announced in ad-
vance by the General Electric Company.
The first four talks are as follows:

“Homemaking as a Profession.”

"Designing Clothes With the Home-
maker."

"How Much Should a Woman Spend
for Clothes?”

“Attractive Books for Children.”

A MESSAGE FROM THE
“CO-0P"

The manager wishes to thank both
professors and students for the splendid
support given thus far. Now that the
“rush” period is over the “Co-op" '
,looking to the students to keep up busi—
‘ness. There is a debt still to be paid.

The "Co-op” aims to supply all college
Now for suggestionsl Holiday

 

G

lperiod is coming—so are the holiday

books. "Give him a book."

principal of Schenectady High School,

This play was pro-v

 

 

 

 

 

Chi Sigma Theta announces the mar-
i'iage of Marion Newell, ’22, of Fort Ed-
ward, to Leo Hayes of Albany, Monday,
October 20.

Mr. and Mrs. Martin A. Thompson
have announced the engagement of their
daughter Frances Dorothy, of Chi Sigma
Theta, class of ’25, to Wadsworth A.
Garfield. Mr. Garﬁeld, Harvard, '24,
has sailed for France to continue his
studies in International Law at the Uui<
versity of Paris.

Mrs. Helen Conklin Woodi'ufli. ’24,
was entertained at the lieta Zeta house
last week—cud.

Marion Farrell, ’24, was at.
Omega house this past Saturday.

Beatrirc Rhodes of Oyster llay. spent
the week—end at Cuininii Kappa l’hi
thouse as [he guest of Catherine liirmiiig-
ham, ’26.

Georgia Koch, Margaret Meyer, and
Helen Van Akcu were guests at the lita
Phi house last week-cud.

Kappa Delta held its animal iall house
dance on Friday, October 24. Mr. and
1Mrs. l'arkcr, Dr. and Mrs. Stevenson,
iand Miss Cobb were the chapernus.

i Kappa Delta welcomes Louise lander,

'25, Eudora I..ainpman. '37, Margaret

Jabst, '27, _iitllt:liit Wright, '26, and

Katherine Tanner, ’27, into full tllt'llllit't‘-

,ship.

" May Lewis, '24, was a guest at the

1 Kappa Delta house over the week-end.

: Carolyn K. Coleman, ’26, spent the

i \VCCk‘Qllti at West Point.

1‘ ltuth Enipie, ’27, has been welcomed

into full membership by Delta Omega.
llclta Omega will hold its animal

house (lance this evening.

Psi Gamma will hold its annual house
dance this evening.

.l'felcn Monk is now at home at the
Bible School convalesciug front her re-
cent operation.

Margaret Mix, (ix-'26, of Schoharic,
spent the week-end at Delta Omega
house.

Mary Vcdder, '25, spent the week—end
at her home in 'atskill.

Psi Gamma Alumnae .‘\ssnciation held
a meeting at its chapter house on Madi-
, sou avenue last Saturday. Aii “at home"
i for mothers of resident Psi ('Eammas was
also held last week.

Glcnnou Easman, ’23, and Mildred
Bailey of Skidmore, were week-end
guests at Psi Gamma house last week.

Qiicene ifoman, of the biology depart
intent, has returned to her duties after a

period of illness.

Homer Cole, ex~'25, spent the past
iwcck-eud at .Kappa Delta Rho house.
t Alpha Epsdon Phi was “at home" to
‘ faculty and students from three until six
at her home at 392 Scotland avenue, 0c-
tober 26. Miss Goldsmith and Mrs. Kap-
laii poured at the reception, which took
the form of an afternoon tea.

Monica VValsii. ’26, and Joyce Persons,
'26, have been elected secretary-treasurer
and reporter, respectively, of French
Club, to ﬁll the vacancies created by the
resignations of Jane Flanigan, ’26, and
Mary Flanigan, ’26.

A tea is being planned by the club for
November 22.

ilt‘llit

 

 

 

 

