 

State College N

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE POI TEACHERS

 

935’; X No. i2 _?
LECTURES T0 WOMEN
TO BE JEANDONED

Dean Pierce Thinks Freshmen
Have Full Schedule
This Year

MORE STUDIES REQUIRED
liean Anna l'l. l'iert'e will abaud-iil
the, let'tttres annually delivered hereto—
[ore to the freshman women. The let"
lures :iven 'l‘hursday afternoons by
ltean l'ierre, roveretl a wide range of
subjects all the way from how a college
girls should dress, to the pliysii‘al, ethical
anti moral standards lllt' modern
.'\ltlt't‘it‘itll eollete woman. 'l‘heir pur~
post: was helpfulness to the girls who
are ' y from home for the first time.
lh-an l’iert'e stated that she believes
that the first year t‘lass had its full share
of hours and work without ineludinit
extra subjects ’l'tio new Cotit‘st'x‘ h'v
bee-t introdueetl this year which retunre
freshman illltititlittl'ft'. .‘\l| freshmen
ha\e been required to perform a set of
library problems under the instrut'tiou
of bliss Mary Iii. f‘ohb. librarian. to arr
tlll'llttl them with library rules and regiir
lotions and fit them to hrlo themselves.
Another new Cour-e, ili‘illllllt'll this
year is l".<lir'atioii ‘l. tau‘iht by l’roiessor
h‘. ll. Kirtlantl, of the l'lil'lll‘u‘lt depart-
ment it is a conr-e to lt"tt'll the vear‘
liugs "How to sttitl_ " in short to {it-eli-
iutttt- them to their new surroundings.
"I’t-t‘ltaps after some of the Pew Itn-
drrtaltiu.s have I hec'i acewniplidied."
lJeau li'iert'e stated. “l shall be able to
go over some of the, hi"h p tint. of my
lectures. if it i: eonvevient t'or the “It:
dents. and give them the mist valuable
itleas aiul discussion-t. As much its
(liilike to tlt-pt‘ite them of these 'l‘httrs—
d-y meo‘iu-s, wltii‘h are he‘d l‘t little
infiriual grout-its anti in which the stu-
' li‘tl I ltt‘t"'lt'IL‘ ariuainteil with each
l feel that l mu :tt‘llttg for their

til

4 e
ot he r.
good

COURT SEASON OPENS
WITH JAMAICA TEAM

State College's varsity basketball
team will open its season tomorrow
night when it will meet the quintet rep-
resenting Jamaica 'l‘eachers' Training
school. The game will be called at eight
o'clock in the gymnasium.

Prospects for victory looked bright
this week. as the varsity whirled through
a series of hard practices. defeatine the
outﬁt representing the State Comptrol—
ler’s ntTit'e Tuesday by a large score.
Little is known of the opponents
strength this year. but last season State
took their measure easily

On paper the varsity looks about as
wood as last year's team. The loss of
former ('aptain Gainor. wlto played
center. has been filled by Nephew.
('aptain l‘lornunrr and Carr. .1 fresh-
man. are exnectetl to start the game to-
morrow "it'ht at forward. with Kuczyn-
ski. Grifﬁn and Kershaw to pick from
as r'uards

Tax tickets will admit students to the
r':‘rl’1" There will be dancing after-
wards,

"EASTS ANNOUNCED Dr "’

MISS FUTTERER FOR
ONE-ACT PLAYS

As a result of the tryouts whii‘h have
been going up for the past two weeks.
Miss lfttttei'er has anuouneed the coats
for the three one aet plays which the
class will present in ‘liltillttl‘y.

In “The Shoes that lianeed." a fait-
tasy by Anna llt'lllllfilt't’ltl llranche. The
east is as follows:

\\'atti-ati  . . . . . . . . . . . . ..ltlll-‘t hay
|.aitcrt-t . "a \\'ood
l‘itu‘t'ette . . . . . .. . . lyn l’altnei’

l".'tui.tine ,.... . . . . . . . . . ,.lit'l'lli:l Xajan

('ourtin . . . . . . , . . .. ....\l.'try Mei‘t'hant

t'oluinbitte , . , . . . Melanie tiranl

The Queen . . . , . . , . . . . ...\|al'i't-l|,'i Stt't't'l
LadyVin-\\'aiting to the (,Jtlt't'lt. . . .,
Marjorie flit
loy .... ....... ..l.illlat| l':t'l(l('t'
For “I iney liree." a Comedy, the parts
will be:
"ant-y
.\lfl'(’tl
l‘itltelhert .
)eliti . 

 . . . , . . . , . . i “Helen llynt-s
,..\lesaiult'r t‘oopt'r

llaielit
lhiiin
by
cast as

les

. . . , . Lois.
tint a t'ometly
The parts are

n icklt
Susan (ilaspe
illows:
liloise , . . .  . . . . . . . . . . .,liuth .\lt‘Nutt
an t . . . ..|)i~witt Zi-h
Attitu- , . . Lot-hittnsen
thee .. . . . a l'errault
l'.d'l’ ...., . .l',tl ' i'l Van Kit-t'ek
.\lrs Stubb. . . . . . ..ll|anehe Robbins

The t'hairnianship of the costume
committee for the plays has been trans-
terred from llelen llyites to Mildred
(irai’es,

CHAPEL SYSTEM NOW
UNDER DISCUSSION

Prelitlent A. l\’ lruhaeher called a
meeting of the officers of student awr-
('li’lll’lll and of the presidents and vice-
it"esitlei'ts of all classes recently. to ob-
 stndent opinion on the present Sys—
tem of two assemblies, Incapacity of
'he auditorium to seat all the students
has matle it neees~ary to divide, the sin
dent hotly ino two groups and tn have
e'ieh group meet separately until the
enieested situation is relieved by the
erection of the new buildings, he said.

Last year's system of compulsory at-
tendance. in assembly for untlerelassmeu
and voluntary attendance for tipper-
elassmen had to be. suspended because
of the unsatisfactory response of tipper-
classmeu. Even the most attractive pm-
grams of the year failed to ﬁll the cen-
ter section of the auditorium which was
reserved for upperclassmen, he pointed
ittl.

Pr Tirubecher held his ﬁrst student
conference, regardin the student recep-
tint of the system November 17.
will brine the matter of a series of im—

ss
l.

 

 

 

armed programs before the faculty
whieh will meet Monday and 6'!” a joint
inee‘intr of the faulty and student asso-
ciation and class officers the followinLr
week r’rrn‘eedings of the 0 con er-
tmees will not he revealed until detailed
plans will be arranged.

N.'Y.. raw,  4. ms i

‘1.

tr"?

at §31§95§q 1y 

 

DR. THOMPSON WRITES
TO [IX-DEAN HORNER

llr. Harold W. 'l'hoinpson, professor
of litiplish, abroad this year iipoti sale
batiral leave of absence, has written to
\it'tv York State l'ltlttt‘atlon, the ottit'ial
magazine of the State 'l'eatthel's' litmu-
t'iation. 'l‘litt itiaga/iui- is edited by llr.
latlau ll. llorttt‘t‘, former dealt.

lll introdut-ing the letter. ltr. llorner
sitllli /\‘~ we aunt-iiueed in our St'ptein
her tllllttlit‘l‘ llttt‘ltll' Harold W. ’l'hoinp
Nllll. professor of ' ish at the State
i’ollt-itt' for 'l‘eaehe is spending the
present aradeniie ye: abroad tinder lllt'
provisions oi the John Sillion (illQ‘Tl
llt’filt l’oundation. llot'ltit' 'l‘botnpsoii‘»
pai'tietilar field of t‘t'seai't'lt is i'out'ernel
\\ilh llriti-‘b literature of lllt' (‘l htt-t-nth
century. llt‘ attended the conventi tll of
the \\'or|d lt'ederatiou of l“.tltlt‘.’tlitttt
\ssoviaiiolts at lidiuhurgh it! July. and
iii response to otir l‘t't[ttt'»l has giit-n lt‘
ati account of the votiventiou in his own
frank. tliret-t way. We are happy to
prtut-iit his letter iii these columns. He
did not deliln-ratt-ly promise to write
further letters during the year. \Ve i'll't'
sure, however, that out readers will
hope that he may do so.

The letter. in part follows:
lie'tr llr. lorner:

h’elying upon a warm and irrational
friendship horn of litany battles, you
‘ll'lt‘l' me proinist'Ho write you an ac
eount of the lidinburith convention.
sizppwe that if I do not keep my promisi-
fill will follow your former practice:
y iii re‘all that you persuaded tilt! to
write an article about 'l'lie'iilore Rowe
elt for your jolly old niag'irine and
lit"! proceeded to write the ill’llt‘lC yottr~
elf. l dare say that you could do bet-
“r ‘ha-i l. t‘ontael with our illiterate
profession has taught you the use of such
runes as orientate. motivate, motion
and other Utht‘lllllC‘i \\’lllt'll the Eli/'1»
hetbau t'ensors compelled Sililh’cﬂll’ill't
to cttt otit from his witches' sv'eue‘

 

 

hereby removing int'oitlestihle evidence
Ih'It he was a schoolmaster.

Well. l'itliuhurvh was the plat‘e. You

are a member of the .\lhauy llurns ('ltib
intl t'au itnauiue what happened at the
‘lecting of \\'e'come. There were eioh'
vi'(‘(‘(‘ltt‘~1 oi we‘c imes. all by Scots; one
’If the speakers did not boast. but he
i‘f‘llit‘ll a bit duvet] and hatl probably
foruotten his piece. I enjoyed every
word. There is no nation on earth Wltll‘ll
has so little need to advertise its vire
‘ttes. antl mine which celebrates them so
earnestly and so .nuhlicly. They are also
subject to what the obscene call an anx-
iety neurosis: they are afraid that they
will be thought to lack humour! 1 can-
not say how often we were tohl that the
legend of the hiimourless Sent was iii-
t'cnted in Scotland to amuse the subject
inglish.
As there were eight speeches of wet-
come. there were quite properly four
speeches of response, The President of
the Federation. an American, attempted
banter with one unfortunate result. He
said that he had suggested to our gov-
ernment that we trade the Philippines
for Ireland so that we inieht "raise" our
own policemen. Some of the audience
did not ﬁnd this very funny.

And there you have a hint at the dim-
ettltics which beset the convention. We

(Continued On Page 2)

iii-Irons 

TODAY FOR CHIN E...

Proceeds FerEdueatton Of A
Young Chinese Girl In
America

SUPPER lN CAFETERIA
’Ihe animal bazaar held under thi-
ittlSIllt't‘a of Y. W. (i. ./\. will lil' lielil
tonizht in the t'yttllltl'iilllli. 'l'hi».
the proet'etls will llt' given to the t hint- r
fund. it will be tea-d to |1i|\‘ the ll.t\ll
liltg of blitz llt‘lt‘ll
l’t’iliitr ('hine-t- i‘lt’l who will litttt'tlt't to
America next \lllttitli't' to take up --tud3r-.
in Smith t-olh-tze. .\ftt-r obt- hat t'tttlt-
plt-tt-d her t'ollt-ge entirst- here in .\ltlt'l"
lea. she will return to her native land
to tt-at'h llt‘l' own people. llt't'tll'tlltlt' to
American forms and eustoin-t. ('hine t'
charm: ristii's uill be special
of the bazaar booths in the gymnasium
Carrying out the oriental st‘ht'tne. honey
goods. art goods. lapaue-tt- ware.
and llowers will lit! said. while tie t'
Maar and l’lliel l)uhois will lt.’l\t‘ ['ll. . '
r ' t' ' laundry, trail a troop Hf
students will present a musical comedy
entitled “When I'Zast Turn». “est,” wink
‘ ‘ 7. t. 'llw
vlitl’ , llt-‘t'ii
'l'outpkiits; his wife 'l‘heliua Temple;
Chinese tiiiet-n. ( 'gia itt-.\lot~-r;
(fliines school children, h'nth i\lt‘,\-i!tl,
Hilda Sarr, Madeline ’l'it'tien. lit'll)’
Strong, [Eleanor \\'eli:h, Mildred I.“ -
lttV. llelen Klatly. l.iola Shorld ',
lC ,lyu littt'ile; Ainerieau college girls,
Melanie (iraut autl Hertha Zajau
The bazaar will begin at three o't'lnt'k
and will continue inttil eleven o'elorh.
lctweeu 5:30 and (1.3” supper will bi!
served iii the cafeteria of the eollei-e.
'I‘i l:ets for the supper may be procured
ft'ti‘it the  members. 7: it tin-rt-
will b» a pr .. n in the audiiorirni.
"be sale (lines. at If) p. in, after wli1t"t
there will be dari'inlz iii the viii

vt‘al‘

(‘Xllt‘llht'u liii', .t

features

it Itttl

"ttitt

SWIMMINC'MEET TO
TAKE PLACE DEC. 3

The swimming ntee! which lite. been
planned by the, (i. A. A. will be held at
llath 3, l'lecember 8. 'i'rainine for the
meet has been under way inee the early
part of October, and ral new and
striking features will he introdut'el
The meet will be competitive aiitl
nuts are heins: held. A prelimii
meet was held at the bath, 'l‘uesda'
Nnveinher 23. At that time the class
was dividetl into two teams, one headed
by llertha Zajan, and the other by Ruth
Mei'utt. MeNutt's team came l't first
with a total of 21 points. lsahell lolins-
ton and Kathleen Doughty acted as
judges. The meet consisted of five
events: a back stroke race, a surface
tlive, plunge for distance, underwater
swim antl relay. Later a “follow the
leader" event. water tricks. and games
were enjoyed. The elementary class i is
tali't"t "D the hack strolte and two kinds

 

of tloats.

we,

 

