IY

op.
by
Irr-

till-
isc,
Int.

IVE.

gs

  

 

 
    
  
   
   
    
  

b .

(295’)? No. 24' _'

gtate Residence  Indorsed By Governor Smith

Albany Women Give

State College Ne

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OF l9l8

WALBANVY, N. Y. APaiLMZZt,  __ V

Strong Support. Alumni Have Conferences

 

 

 

  

 

ttJourlesy of Albany Evening News and Albany livcutng.toirrinil)

Governor Smith has endorsed the col-l
lcge Residence Hall (‘anrpaigir for $400. 3
ooo iii a letter lo llr. Brubacher. in
which he not only emphasizes the ini-I
portance of wholesome housing facilities!
biit also states ‘ belief that the citizens
of .\lh:iiiy will respond to the extent of
raising their share of the needed money.
The letter follows:

“l hav': examined your statement re-
gardlng the need for dormitory accommo-
dations at the State College for Teachers.
and heartily endorse your plans. We
cannot secure the best results in the edu-
cation of our children unless our train-
ingr schools turn out teachers of good
quality. it is highly important that the
State College for Teachers should have
housing facili es where its students have
wholesome social conditions. where their
health can be promoted, where they may
live under the best education and moral
influences.

Your graduates have done a comirrend-
able service iii raisingr a fund of $rzo.iroo
to secure improved housing conditinirs
at their College. aiul I feel sure the citi-
zens of Albany will respond to the ap-
peal since the college is a great business
asset to this city. l wish you every siic-
. ss.”

The school cooperation committee of
the campaign is headed by llr. L‘. lid—
ward Jones. superintendent of schools.
an alumnus.

 

 

 

STUDENT ASSOCIATION
NOMINATES
Officers of the Student Association for
next year will be voted irpoii May 8 at
an assembly of the student body, Nomi-
nations were rirade for the offices Friday.
(‘l' nominations were also riratle then
at special meetings of each class.

The candidates for Student Associa-
tion offices are: president, Muriel L;
Wenzel. Herbert Campbell, and Mar“
jorie 'l‘. liellows; vice-president, Riithi
limpie and Melanie (ir secretary/.1
lx’iith Lane, Charlotte Jone Richard An
Jensen, and Dorothy llradt; faculty
member of ﬁnance board, Professor,l
(ieorg‘e M. York. l

i
l

l

    
 

rlt‘lCttlS, arrangements. invitations.

llill'ttltl‘lllsll‘ltilﬁ ill the city of Alhairy and for
the Delmar district was held last l-‘riday
li'nn Walker lloys' Ac’ulenry 'rlinniii'i. I . ‘ [I .t v 1 |).. p‘w.
wlnl: {V (le). . (r  I; i] I L {at tie |l.unpton otc. am can ttltt
lnxcxnklmg‘Rlxhswi‘ucr‘xiii“ "Multktmy . aiul Mr. lilaclcbnrn spoke. About twenty
‘ i H ‘l A I l.... ..., " . ‘. . .ti , i U.
alumni; Luther 'pmkm.‘ Apnmy Mmlimlrnttc plesttit. lltc Scltttrtttady ilislrttt
('ollege; A. lx'oss L‘oiilsini. Albany l‘iib- conference was held the follow our day.
ll“ 5"l1‘3l’l5 3”" (lit-“l” .l‘ 'lt-‘l'l'lll- Al"alt(l tlt." for l'olroes on \\"edncsda_\'. ’l'llt'
lrrri:yltl‘l£plll“ﬁelﬂrl;\I” ml (In “minim! "division made up of the Albany districts.
l' “7‘ "i‘i ‘ .. ‘.....,
through teachers If Albany aiitl their '“flilrllc(l.)lll"'i‘iil)lglllltllidiffift’t‘iltlltslimb)
friends. Many Albany teachers are l" 'i' l“ ”” “'3” ” “

The personi'uel is as follows:
i). Alexander, Albany Law School; \\’il—

 

 

 

 

 

alumni of State and will be reached 1 :(l‘ﬁgl “11:11:31]?” d” NW?" “"1 l "H “m
thron iii the 'rltnnrri cam )aien or r'urix'is i '. . ‘ .‘ .
. l” ‘ l " i" i 1 lb April iunriber of the Alumni

um" .(jiiarterly was mailed recently to all
ialiimni instead of merely to the Son sub-

'l'liat the women of Albany are stronr: l scribers. This action was taken been
in their support of the Resident llallgot' the fact that approximately one-third
Campaign was shown on \‘.'ediiestlaytoi' the publication was devoch to rain-
Wllt‘“ tl lilflic L’I'OUD “l 1'"~’ “‘05! Imtmi- paigir material. This included a picture
iretrt women of the city irrct at a lllllt‘ll' of the proposed Residence Hall. mcs ges
con at the Hampton l'lotcl. Tht‘y \\'(‘|‘t‘  front l'resident llrubaclrcr. l)t‘illl l’ieicc.
invited by the Women's (‘ommittce of and ()liver ll. Kipp president of the
the campaign. of which Mrs, lidiniiird .\’. llall ('eirtiiry ('lub of alumni, the etr‘
lltxyck is chairman. to discuss particrs dorst-meuts of (‘un'eriior Smith and
traliorr iii the campaign. Mayor llackett, a letter from Chairman

The speakers included l’i'esitlent lil'lt- lllackburii, and expositions of the alumni
barber. l)e:in Pierre. and lolui 'l'. l). and ci 'c campaign plans. A rhyming
Blackburn, chairman of the campait'll. campaign alphabet was also a feature.
Teams of women workers will take IYll‘li The two board signs on the college
in the intensive period of the campaign:i-roiiiids. telling of the campaign were
which starts on May [5. jdoiiated to the college by the bitch Ad-

|)i.trict conferences this week arultver'tisine Company. Another sign stands
next are the order in the alumni ot'".’ttti- on the Residence Hall site, and identifies
zatioir, The conference for the eight .it to all who pass

 

 

 

CONTRACT FOR MILNE HALL

Preparations are being made for the Award of the contract for the con—
lntersorority liall to be given at the .ti‘iictioir of foundations for the proposed
Tc" Eyck 0“ MW I, The getmmt chair. ‘Eﬁbititrooo William l. Milne Science l'lall
man is Iva (7. Hinruaii. Committees are . a” ( mu” i” 51"!“ {linen}. In”. hm") "Wk—l

. , o the lloyt Loustiiittion tompany o.
working on the dance orders. refresh» ‘tvtutyutmy Massachusetts, [Ur eggysy,‘
s ‘l'i'esideirt A. lx’. lli'iibacher has an-
mtisic, and decorations. The recervtllt:l'muncyd' Twa. were “ml” “11"” Ml“
liue. headed by lva (f. lliiuuan. will irr- Hm?) “minding?” Aﬂliml’ “Fins. a to.-
I _ ' t ., g I iocs, and a ﬁtrrrirgtield, Massachusetts
Cl1(l(. the sorority presidents: Allllll‘t’lliﬁr‘n.
l'latnmersley, Mildred Eve, Marie Bur-l Construction of the foinnlations will
gin. Ruth Laribcr. Alice l)llly‘ Ana.“ begin withlin a mouth. lllr. llrililbachcir be—
Gaga Dorm“ Hum“, “I ‘  icves, arii next year tre co ege ropes
l] 1., ~ y l” ’ i (I "m'ﬂk" "i ii secure appropriation of a large share
to atulty: Dr. and Mrs. llrilbacher

_ . _ oi the remaining funds needed for the
[hair and Mrs. llletzlcr. aiiil llcan l'rer'ce. building proper.

INTERSORORITY BALL

 

 

“(a)”

The London String
QuartetﬂTo Play

The London String- Quartet will
give a t‘(' ‘lal of chamber music \Vetl«
trestlay evening, April .4). at 3:30. ltl
(‘hairct-lloi"s llall. it will be remem-
bered tlial this string quartet made its
first appearance in Albany three years
ago. under the auspices of the Music
Association. The whole of the balcony
is r st" ed for the student body. and ad-
mission is free on presentation of tax
ticket. Students who wish to res 'vc
st ts may do so as follows' $L5o s .its.
5o cents; .urn seats. 75 t't'lll‘

'l'he pr'ourairi for the concert is one
calculated to appeal to all. Sevt. al iiimr<
bi" that will be we been
recorded for the (‘oliimbia (ii'amophoiie
t‘onipairy. The program follows:

I. Quartet in A Minor”.....Schubcrt

ll. ta) Not‘ltll‘tlt‘. . . . . .. ..|’.owdin

lb) (‘herry lx’ipc.  rank llr'idec
l. Quartet in (i r\l'irror.,.....l)ebussy

FRENCH FETE

A dash of the charm. a feeling of the
caiety that is l’rerrclr will surround the
college tonight with the beginning of the
French l’t‘te. The first vent on the
program is a banquet cons 'tiiig entirely
of French 'sr '. lacipreliire Monroe,
who is in ch.’ ' s that it will begin
promptly at . It is anticipated that
l'rofessor llaiis of the Albany High
School will be iii attendance to speak
sometime during the first part of the

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

  

     
  

 

 

dinner. The club rrienrbi'i's have also
arranged songs to be sung between
cours

 

1 At 7:45 the play “La Surprise d'
llsiilorc" will be presented in the audi—
ltor'irim under the direction of lsabel
il’liide. The cast will be as follows:
lllarry S. (iodfrcy. William l)e|cltaiity,
‘Regina l’erreaillt. Florence ('iaittlet. and
.ficoi'gia HeMocker. Special music has
tbeeir arranged for this part of the enter-
!taiirmeirt arid Louisa Dennison will offer
isometliing new in the form of a dance
filirectly from France. There will be
gotlier entertainment and danciirt,r iii the
icollege gymnasium until eleven o’clock.

Baseball May 2

i The opeiriirg game of college baseball
gseason will be Saturday with the Albany
. (i. A. at lx’idgelield ’ark. Harry
‘W. lx’itde. ‘25, manager, said that the
team would play again May 2 with
llamaica Teacher's ’l‘rainiirg School in
rAlbany. State has booked practice for
every day of the season and a squad is
working out afternoons at Ritlgelicltl
Jarc.

May 0. State will play a practice game
with Union College at Schenectady. and
May in Cortland Normal School will be
met in Albany, Oswctm Normal will be
‘tacklcd May 23 in Albany. Games have

also been arranged with Rensselaer I‘oly-
technic institute and the Albany Univer—
sity Chili.

1:9
BE APRIL 29¢

4
i
3.-
i

 
    

\

 

