Shop 

Prop.

to lure
all I Ntiﬂ
ma

v fancy
slipper
s.

liclow

n Ave. i

l
ge

—-l:30

itore
ndents

losiery

7. 2763-.1
a ts

rio St.

58504

’. 6310-]

A 'l‘ S

NGS

6-148

 

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS

({0}: No.3

 

 

l

animator SlUDENTS Too inn,
reinterpret.

"new; i319. ' man. was... 9, I925

GLASS SEEKS CHURCHi

 

i PLAN DIRECTORY PM
i AND HORNER ADDRESS

FOR CHAPEL PROGRAM

 

ate College News

 $3.00 per year

than OCTOBER 24 ‘
FOR CAMPUS EVENT

 

 

Sta" Commences Collection or;
Senior Data And ‘
Pictures ‘

 

WILL COST OVER $4,000l

Preparations for the publication inl
May of the 1926 l’edagoguc, began thisl
week, with a year-hook forecast that
will he the largest and most complete of.
its kind yet produced at State.

Minnie lC. (ireenaway, '26, editor-iii-
chief. and Caroline K. Coleman, ’26,
business manager, with a large staff of,‘
assistants began collection of data. .

Two hundred and . sly pages will lbei
included in this ycai .s volume, an iti-
crease of four pages over last year. The
1025 Fed was the largest book yet pltll-
lished. Tile cost is expected to be lie-
twccn $4,000 and $5,000, probably about‘
$4,400, which has been the average (‘osti

  

 

 

of each f'ed of recent years, Mira. Cole-
inaii said. i

Contract for the photography hasl
been awarded to Lori-y's studio. 'l'hel

work was done by the ()lienans studio,
last year. Sittings are to he from nine;
to four o'clock. An effort will be made
to have all pictures taken before thel
'l‘lianksgiving recess. Students will bel
given an opportunity to sign up on the;
college bulletin board for sittings. Alli
the pictures oi seniors will be new, and]
inulerclassmen will be offered the oppnr-l
tunity to have new pictures made. '

llilila Klinkhart, '26. photography edivl
tor, is interviewing representatiVCs oil
sororities and fraternities regarding pulp i
lication of cuts of their others :mdi
houses. l

The Empire Engraving Company of;
Albany has the contract for the eitgi':tv—[
ing. The llrandow Company of Albany;
will do the printing again. i

Deﬁnite fornuilation of plans for new
features has not been completed, but

Miss (ixeenaway said it is hoped to make 1 eras, Marionettes Open Dramatic and Art Program;

the book show an improvement over any
hitherto published.

ATTENDANCE REQUIRED (

 

 

Data cards for the. Student Directory

co'leg. Buildings Fan ‘0 Ho'd’will be distributed today in assembly. callega Queen to be E'ected
(

Institution's Largest
Enrollment

IN MILNE HIGH

 

CROWDS

(iver-crmvding at State College de-
veloped into a serious situation this
weclv. when college classrooms \\‘ct‘c tili-

‘ahlr- to house all the students seeking

admission,

l’rcsitlent :\. R. liruhaelier’s predic-
tion that the increased enrollment would
bring about a crisis in housing require-
ments was justified. as one large class
sought rooms in a church for its meet-
ing. ln Milne High school, two practice
teachers are in some cases teaching in
one room because there are not enough
rooms to make possible division of the
class into two sections.

Other large classes are in some. in-
stances crowded into roonis too small for
them.

On account of lack of space l‘rofes-
sor David l-lntchinson's Government 2
class students have migrated to the Sun-
day school room in the l'nitarian church
at the corner of \N'asliington avenue,
Robin, and West streets.

livery Monday. Wednesday, and Fri-
day at lZIlS periotl, students brave the
weather to reach their destination.

it was found that room Ztll, where
the class was scheduled to meet, would
not hold the one hundred and thirty-three
students.

The directory. started last year fol-
‘lowing a suggestion in the student
opinion column of the News. proved,

To Have Reign Over
Ceremonies

 

at great aid in strengthening relatiou-:

i ships among students. it will contain
i the names, addresses and telephone num-
-hc ' of the faculty alid students and
iwill he on sale before Thanksgiving.
‘ Marion Rhodes, editor-iu-cliief, will he
assisted by a ('(mIInitti-e of the: Abbie
('rawford, Lorena .\l. Shaffer, \\'ini«
fred (Tasey, Ruth Lane. and Mildred
l.a nsley.

l)r. Harlan ll. llorncr, foi'iner dean
of State t'ollege and now held secretary
of the State ’l‘eacht-rs association and
editor of its publication, "New York State

 

coming session of the student association,
the student cotiiicil has decided. Plans
for other coming sessions are also being
made, Richard .\, Jensen, secretary, said.
Cheer and song ' ticc will also take
place in early sessions.

l’rcsident A. R, lli'nhacher returned
yesterday from the convention of
county teachers at Lake Placid. lllt'
convention iuct Monday. l‘nt-sday and

 

“Ethics of 'l‘cachmg.
NAME "GET WISE” CAPTAINS
lft'ctillllltttl who will be captains of the
uroups which are to give stunts at the
“(let \\'i\'t*" party have been appointed
by the sophomore committee as follows:
Louise (iray. (icrtrude Schwentkcr, lloio
thea Trnts, Mildred l.ansle_. llelen
Stone. lanra (iotilding, Ruth l‘fartman.

 

Frances Kellogg, Mary llagan, livelyn
irach lilinore \Vclch, Dorothy Sanders

and lletty l-'.aton.

 

Music Association To Present Grainger November 6

Opening events of the programs of the
Music and the Dramatic and Art asso-

lciations were announced yesterday.
AT  Jean Gros‘ Marionettes will be pre«

Compulsory assembly attendance rm. 5 sented in Chancellor‘s hall October 23,
all students will he the result of the plan iby the Dramatic and Art association.
announced l’riday by President Ilru- l The attraction was booked following the
baclier, whereby two sessions of student l meeting of the Dramatic and Art council.
assembly will henceforth be conducted. Percy Graingcr will be presented in

President Briibacher explained the pianoforte recital November o, as the
plan at student assembly Friday. It will'opcning event of the fall and winter
go into effect ctobcr 16. program of the Dramatic and Art asso—

'l‘he $32 seniors anti sophomores willIciatinn.
have their assembly at 10:55 o’clock.) The Marionettes will perform "Babes
The 5.14 juniors and freshmen \vill meet i in Toyland.” while "Uncle \iViggily at
Ill 1. . [the Circus,” will be the attraction of the
“We have a student body in round evening Admission for the general
numbers of l.l()t)," President llrubacher l public is ﬁfty cents at the matinee and
pointed out, "and our auditorium seats {one dollar in the evening. Students will
only 700" be admitted upon presentation of student

 

Assembly Friday. will he at l0:55 and tax tickets.
will lie for all fotir classes. l Mr. Dugald Wallt'er, famous dramav

tist and artist, will lecture later in the
season under the auspices o the asso-
ctation.

The policy adopted last year, by the
Music association of presenting only
artists famous in the concert world.

will be continued this year.

The Flanzaley String quartet is booked
for spring. A possible third concert
will be announced later. There will be
two student programs as usual.

Music club will hold oize regular iner
hip; and program each month, discon~
tinuing the former bi-monthly arrange—1
iuents. The ﬁrst program will be given!
next week. At present, arrangements:
are being inatle for a membership drive.,'

The officers and members of Music!
club council are: president, Thyra J. llc- 
ier; treasurer, Willard E. ltetallicl<;[
secretary. Helen A. Arthur; membership
'oinmittce Nettie Gilbert; program
"inni'ttce. Marian M. O‘Connor.

<

Education," is to be asked to address a‘

\\-’ci|nt-sday. lJr. lirnbacher spoke on:

MYSKANlA TAKES CHARGE

('amptis Day will he October 24.
Mysltania announced yesterday, fol-
lowing‘ a series of meetings to discuss
plans.

Arrangements lor the day, which is
;lllC first major social event in which
‘thc entire student hotly participate, are
‘g'oillg forward this week. Activities
:will include athletic events involving
students of all four classes.

l’rincipal among the day's events
,wili he the crowniilg of the (‘ampus
Qiiccn. which will he the opening part
of the evening‘s program in the audi—
torium. The election of the girl from
‘the senior class who is to be adjudged
.Queen will take place next week, but
announcement of the winner will be
kept secret until (fanipus Day night.
Following the program in the atiili

‘lOI'lllIll there will be dancing in the

gymnasium.

Students have been appo'nlcd l)y
Myskaiiia from each of the [our C‘ilr'uhl'w
to serv- with them on the l'lllllllllllt‘l'
in charge. Presidents of t’lll‘ll clan
will choose two women members to
act as attendants to the t'ampus
Queen.

in the afternoon the girls of the

 
  
 

sophomore and senior classes will
play the ' s of the freshman and
junior Na. in a field ball game on
the campus There will be other

athletic events._
The ('ainptis llay program will be out

of the first large events wl .li comes.
under direction of Myslt Tilt:
members of that body this ytar are:

Marjorie 'l‘, Bellows, of Albany, will
is also president of l'si (lamina n'orily

.Vlargaret llenjaniiu, of 'l‘hiells, vice!
president of the . W. (C :\., and head
Cipy reader for the News.

Marion ('heseln'oueh, of Greenwich
president o l‘lta Phi sorority and of
the lntersnrority council and htlsincs:
manager of the Quarterly,

Helen ii. lilliott, of liinghamton, busi
ness manager of the News and presidcni
of Canterbury club.

Mary l‘l. Flanigan, of Schenectady
president of the Dramatic and Art 355th
riation.

Harry S. Godfrey. of Cohoctou, edi-
lor~ill~cllicl of the News,

S. Niles Height, of Albany, president
of the senior class.

Elizabeth Milmine, of Ticonderoga
senior councillor of the Girls' Athletit
association and senior representative or
the ﬁnance board.

Marion O'Connor, of
president of Newman club.

Lorena M. Shaffer, of Albany, presi-
dent of the Girls' Athletic association

Miriam B. Snow, of Albany, president
of the Y. W. C. A.

Muriel L. Wenzel, of Albany, presi-
dent of the student association.

 
 
 
 

Albany

 

