Page Two

ﬁnite (Enlltge News

ESTABLISHED By THE cgssgiitm A

SENIOR ENDORSES IDEA
0F U. OF C. PRESIDENT

EDITOR, 'l‘llE NEWS.

May i take some space in the News.
not to express my own views but to
quote those of David Starr Jordan,
president emeritus of the University of
California, on a topic I think timely.

Says Dr. Jordan regarding hazing and
the like:

"It is not often the real scholar that
leads in rushing and hazing. The class
rtish is the product of sheer rowtlyisin,
it is the work of the college bullies.
It is dangerous because it has no time
limit, no rules, no training. When a
man is hurt in its rough-and-tiimble
activity. the blame falls, and rightly so,
on the college.

"Of the same nature is hazing, with

this difference that hazing is essentially
.1115”?le ZletlElfMl‘N: ’27 the cuvard‘s part. It is a half dozen
A5515}EI:I:,R:LE’S%E;RE‘$L Manager against one, aiid always involves iii-
Assigam CUB), ﬁémlcr frliigement of the rights and liberties
JULiA FAY, ' of free men. Such affairs are not indi-
Associate Editors I I lentious of college spirit. They are not,
.27I:€:::‘S“c [Salli-Plaza” like amateur athletics, in aid of the
Joy’éc pcrsons’ v26 ' good name of the college. It does not
Reporters ‘ enhance the reputation of one of our
E33111 Cally-"1 gEECMVllllc”slhllm}l’|:lll great universities that the papers are

to ma rezec ea an .cuiic  . , ‘
Virginia Higgins Kmlwrinc Snxmn fiiil of the ban-cutting scrapes of her
Adelaide 1.“)llmchornt11y watts freshmen and sophomores. it adds noth-
Elnah Kricg Hertha Zaian ing to the glory of another institution
————— of honored name that sophomores break

SLEEP up the freshman

If it is immoral to needlessly impair skunks into the ball-room. it is against
the body's vitality, then lack of sleep the good name of any college that
is Colby's most prevalent immorality. sophomore bullics carry away freshmen
Students who ought to be firm-nerved, class presidents or lock up the escorts
straight-thinking, and clear-eyed go of ladies at a junior ball: it is not to
through their mnch course WM] ,1 the credit of any institution that bogus
cmcmal tired feeling irrmble Slug“ ns and anonymous insults, inane
p. , ' .i ' o no, are ctrcnlated on its cam-
E‘Sh'cyc‘l' and lanfw‘d'bmmw- They pus. Stealing ice cream is very. much
sit torpidly through classes and won— likc ordinary stealing, and rowclyism in
der why the professors are so how. all its forms makes the development of

-, , - honest college spirit hopeless. om-

Eonie' They Slum.” dismal” mm '1 radeship among free spirits—what decent
elm” “"d feed the" “"1"” 0" Whm' man cares to be the comrade of a bully:
ever takes the least mental effort. “it is a weakness of our state univer—
Thcy wish that something woum imp. l sitics that their students.soinetimcs mis-
pcn and wonder why may do not “we 'ake rowdyisiu for spirit and brutality
h u n .i for democracy. 'l'hesc institutions are
°“°E‘g pr m 5m“ anym'"g' thoroughly democratic, that is a matter
Fatigue 90150" has IOSt it" mom of course, but we must not. forget that
athletic contests for Colby than nico- demo . is not incmimstent wuh
tine or alcohol 'otu-tesy, Other things being equal, the

A f ' t b H t ._ better the manners, the better the man."

,cw m?" seem o e a)? 0 0W" l’resident lordau's words, it scents to

a"! indeﬁmmly 0“ 3 WHY Mlle Slcclb me. point out a danger that threatens
. . . But the chances are a hundred us in Common with many other college.-
to one that you are not. you can get —tliat of letting the disciplining of
v . . freshmen into the right attitude toward

along on ii“: or Six hours a night for their college fall into a kind of holy
a long time! bi“ the accumuli‘ic‘l war between sophomores and freshmen
fatigue Will eventually take its foil. for the aninsenu-iit of the upper classes
Nature always collects her bills. Frcsllfllc“: “'0 It“ IlKI'CC. i think. must

Colby would be a better place to live he il'sc'l’mml' ” "“”'“l “MM” “"1"”
in if the nerves of a” the men were do it, force must he used. llut'the right
kept toned and sweet by a generous 0f SONIOIUOFCS 1” ll-“C force to instill rc-
mcasurc of Siam. Let us may with spcct must not he usurped by those \tho
“Robert Louis the Beloved": “Ilium .mr” “ “1“”: “f learning im" ;‘

“Give us to go blithely about our pm" “"li' . ,
business all this day and bring us to A SILMOR
our resting bed weary, content, and —_‘“
tindishouored. and grant us in the end EXPLAINS ATTENDANCE
the gift of sleep." "lie Colby Echo. RULES

*‘———— Dean William H. Metzler this week
NEWMAN PROGRAM iagaiu clariﬁed the attendance rules which

The social and religious program of 5 “'13:,

Newman club this year will include “hen a student has been absent on
four quarterly Communions and account of illness, he _must obtain an
breakfasts, a three-day retreat at tlit-,=Il)sciiCC Slip and ﬁll It In; also he must
Academy of the Holy Names. several have a statement added by either his
“At Homes" at Newman Hall. and at ‘w'I nhysiCiau or W Dr. Caroline
pilgrimage to Auricsvdlc. Dates williCmasdale, professor of hygiene. or Dr.
be announced later. lMarion ('ollius, college physician.

 

Nov. 3. 1926

 

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars

per year. Advertising rates may be hat
on application to the busnicss manager.

Editor-in-Chief
I‘IAltltY S. GODFREY, '26
ivliauagiiu,r Editor
EDWIN VAN KLEECK, '27
Business Manager
I‘lli‘lJZN E. ELLIOTT, '26
Subscription Manager
I'IELEN BARCLAY, '26
Copy Reader
Minimizer BENJAMIN, '26
ASSistant Business Managers
MYRA I‘IARTMAN, ’27

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 3, 1925

REGULATION lN EXERCISE

fur: Niiws‘ Suntan Alt'l‘lclds iii! A FACULTY MEMIIER is CoN'riunLi'ri-zn ’l‘iiis \VEEK

HY
COACH BAKER

Boys as well as girls, who have athletic ambitions must be carefully guarded
in their early teens by both parents and athletic instructors and kept from making
any tintiue demands upon their hearts. l strongly favor sports for the youth of
.iotli sexes, as well as for men and women, however, I feel sure that boys and
girls will make better athletes a few years hence if they do not overtax their
strength between the apes of fourteen and eighteen.

liroin experience, I have learned that boys and girls of athletic tastes are likely
to have. in their early teens ambitions beyond their strength to realize. lt' is the
age when they view everything in the superlative. That is as it sliotild be. liut
to keep them from burning out their energies they need a tactful word of advice
that will help them direct their real ambitions toward the more mature period when

 

dance by throwing}

has to be some competition in sports to

years.

:éOLLE'C/‘EUNWEWS
1 AT A GLANCE

,I Girls interelass basketball games will
begin November I, and must be played
off by December. Varsity and class
basketball practices are now being held.
After class basketball games are played
iff. attention will be given to varsity.

Chi Sigma Theta has as house girls
.this year: Mary Dardcss. Mary
illnrriscy, Mary lilanigan, Catherine
lO'la-ary, l’auliue Smith. Bernice
Quinn, Margaret Flanagan, Gertrude

 

 

, Lynch, Margaret Kocn. h‘liirgarct
Lynch. Mary Galvin, Doris Sinnott,
Winifred Carey, Ruth Lockard.

Eleanor Finn.

Edna Merritt, '18, is now teaching iii
Sicnyu, China, in the Kennedy School
of Missions.

in tile spring semester of lOZS, there
were sixty-five practice teachers, of
whom only two conducted the same class
Due to the increased nninber of teachers.
many classes now have two instructors

Beta chapter of Omicron Nu, na-
tional honorary home economics 50—
rority, welcomes Muriel Buckbee as
a pledge member.

Elizabeth Frances Strong, ’28, has
been awarded the ten dollar prize for
the bed work done by a freshman in
the Home Economics department last
year. The award was made by President
Brubaclier for Beta Chapter of Omicron
,;.\'u, honorary home economics society,
'whieh gives the prize annually.

 

Ruth l'l. McNutl. '27, Francis E
Grifﬁn, '28. Caroline Sciiieich, '29

anil Ruth Moore, '28. have been added
to the News' staff of cub reporters.

‘ Chemistry cliib passed a new rule It’
:tlie effect that students may join this
yscmestcr instead of waiting until next
ilfclJI‘tlill‘y, as has formerly been the
,cnstom. initiation will take place very
tshortly.

E /\t the next meeting, papers will be
tread by (“trace llronl' Margaret l'layel
‘herg and Carlt-
l Classical cltib fond sale, Wednesday
[Noyciiihcr 4.

?

 

 

they will lime attained their growth and strength.

Young men and women in college can stand rigorous training far better than
boys and girls four or ﬁve years younger.
usually between twelve and sixteen years.
tip-hill job, so to speak, and care must be taken not to add any extra strain, There

71.‘

The most rapid period of growth is
The heart 'at this time is doing an

give them

   

an the spirit of rivalry

should lie subordinated to the general love of the game. .

impress upon boys and girls that the way to hiiild tip a powerful physique is to
regulate the earlier activities to the point where they aid in the body's development.
but do not make demands upon it beyond its very limited strength during those
Athletics, so far as they provide '
the open air, are excellent for brys and i'
the heart must always be considered, especially during the period of adolescence.

an enjoyable way of getting exercise in
is and men or women of all ages. lint

   

BOOK-ENDS

Adventures in Understanding
lJr, ('roasdalt- refers to (iraysoii's
latest (and licstt book as the "Work
Hf a kindly, pr: tical psyclio—aualyst"
whose dtity (in common with that of
every person) is that of trying “to
understand the other ' (‘oii-

 

fellow. '
ft-sscdly we had always llCl'll a littlv
afraid of those psychiug fellows, lnit
if llavid is one. even a non—technical
one (for (,‘roasy says that to have made
it technical would "of course have
rnincd the artistry of it"). but, as we
were saying, if David is one we say
“Long Live 'eni." ('l‘lic 'ciu being the
proper pronoun according to Dr.
H. \V. H.)

Um delightful David. now come of
necessity to the city, ﬁnds in it the
some human traits that had lll want so
much to him in licinplielrl. lie digs
down into the lives of these people and
discovers their true inncr St'lrt's. hid-
den often to their own eyes. and re-
juices with them. l‘cu sketches of
the City Human. or perhaps we should
say etchings of Life with a‘ wraith of
light and shade. if you are from the
country you will be nit-cling an' old
comrade. if you are city-lirt-rl ttiod
pity you) you will have a new t-xpi-ri-
(-ncc, unless of course you are an old
friend of David's. lint psliaw, if voii
were. you wouldn't be wasting tinn-
reading this, you'd be reading ({I'u_\'~
.ron.

It'cu! l't‘tlt‘t'

 

 

 

The French club invites all freshmen
to the club meetings, held every other
Wednesday. Isabelle M. l"llltl(:, presi-
dent will speak to the different college
French classes in order to interest them
in the club work. Social meetings will
be full of interest for French students.
she said. _

The club will present several plays
this year.

them for Gamma Kappa Phi are:
president, Sarah Petherbridge; vice
president. Mary Iellon; recording sec-
retary. Ellen Hoyland; corresponding
secretary, Blanche Merry; treasurer,
li‘lorenec Vernon; marshals. Goldina
llills, Josc'iliime Lawrence; rri‘ic. Marie
Nixon; ie,iortcr, Gertrude chttnuui.

‘_‘4

a, z

 

i

lt'.
iii
in
tli
tli

dc

Wt
lai

CO
l‘a

an

