 

STATE COLLEGE NE‘VS, DECEMBER-12,1924

. . ' i ‘
I ST RY or STATE-
Newmancommumon,COLLEGE 80 . i _o Part1 l

Page Three.

CHEM. PROGRAM UNIQUE
A most unusual event. was held in the
  ‘.\ curtain falls in six days on an‘aiiditorinm, Wednesday-night. December
lulhl‘ly 3’05" ample" "‘ 5mm C“ll?E°_l‘l§jl it). under the auspices of theIChemislry,
  tjlnb. The Venetian Glass-Blowers, of.
“ ‘\\'ltum there are min nine in the Aworld.-,

The second Quarterly Communion off
Newman Club, will be field Sunday}
December 14, at the 9:10 mass, at St.‘

Vincent de Paul's Church. “It is iiow‘ [miy' lhumluy’ me mm“

ifotir~ﬁfths of a century old.

deﬁnitely assured tlr-s State Senator‘
William H. Liyrne will be the guest ofi
honor at the brcai' t." Miss Mary'
Driscoll, '25. the president of Newman
Club, said to-day. The breakfast will
be held at the Academy of the Holy"
iuunittee in charge iii-.

-r:ld. '35. rliairman.i
‘16, Thelma

'27, andi

 

llirmint. iam,
Mary Mellon?

Catherine
Valente. ’2(,

    

Her HistoryMOne of

Steady Advancement

President
the News the I'ollowini,r in connection
with the series of articles on State Col-
lcee's history which begins in this issue:

"Thi- history of State College

llruharlicr has written for

 

,iiings are an interesting part. of
ieventful history, whose progress
been marked by four different locations”
loiir charters and sets of purposes, ant ]

has ;

 

i nine presidents. ;
. State Collch was the third teacher‘

training school founded in tie i
_l worl t would have been the first hadi

   

 

the vision of Governor l)e\\"itt (illllltlllk

 

jheeu equaled lJy'lltIll of the lawmak

, blowing.

it‘

  
 
 

gave a marvelous exhibition nirglnss-

" ('e men are direct desecn-
dants of workei“ o the Venetian gilds
of glass-blowers, famous ~5ll1CC the
when Venice was. pre--

.1.

 

    
   

‘t (ed of a lecture
on the snbicrt of glass, and the denionw
itiug of glasssworking, during which ’
flowers were made and colored.

 

 

 

llll'l liar ’27. i . . . _ - - . ; .  . .~  .
J Newiiiiiii ("luh members are urged to r'Wm-SI‘I' law“ “in”? 1“. Amela' tying]; (lliiiiumlu (:ﬁfginnli:,l;mil;"ll:m2;i lieautiful iridescent metallic colors

., . .v . ~ .. . . . _. ran eriica ion. IC!”tllS wt 1 t - ,A ‘ i - ‘ .  n. ., u . ..
coope‘iatc \vitl‘i'ylhc olive t5. .ind ‘lllL‘lt’Um ‘ me “my CHM” M “'1‘ mm“. “my “mutt.th cmmw educmmn‘ ,' 39L. t,1\\en V to. Vi. ascs ' .au’l I . (Ether
mittcc on social SCHth .nid (.lldltt:llli‘.[ I ‘ , > ‘  brought for“, . in Milgmchmcus Hi .5. / steam ctlt..ll|(. was llhltt. rum
1 can toniniouwcalths to tiain ~- ~ “5‘ “and, Wm,“ “puma The luv

activities, by bringing their contribu-
tions ol toys to Locker 85. main lockeri

teachers for the public schools

,\merica's first school of the kind. the
tueniiis of the lfrie ranal incorporated;

tiirer gave the history of glass-making

. . . n - and relates [is til—day to the ‘~ 1 t .  ' « i t -.v

room, oi to Newinan house it possilile.‘ . . . ~ -.   . . .. . IIUHI 11L C-UlILSl “mt-‘3‘ 1‘1 11L lllhhcm
v . . t .. . r in his me. si 'e o the leivislatnie .i rccom- . . t

lllc "1 ll'm'tl— Mdlm- lltc ‘ “l’ l " ' tune, silotthlR‘ the present prueiiinienee

duriiit,r the first part of next \vcekﬂ
Members are also ruiuesterl to sign up
for the visits to children in city hospitals
by Clllllt'l'llllllCleillR‘ with Marian O'L'on-
nor, '26. chairman, or with any person
on the following committee: lCloisci
irownell. '25. Jane lilanniean. '26, tit“
Aiuies llalloran, ‘36. ‘

 

BAZAAR COLORFUL

fly four-thirty last Friday nfternoond
the V. \V. liaxa'ir was well under way.’
The class tables. decorated with ‘s
colors. and bright with dainty and color-3
ful objects, formed a circle in the center:
of the gym. Around them were nroupedi
the various other booths. Miss Scotland
and l\li~'s Wallace, dressed all in whith
smiled above a counter heaped with;
delicious pies and cakes. iiihel Dnlioisi
and (‘icorgiaiiiia Maar. who presided overi
the ('hiiiesc laundry, lacked only tlie‘
traditional pigtail. liiitli Maynard soldi
tithes of white shoe polish. and proved}
the guarantee to shine all makes. lap-‘1
anese incense mingled with the odor of}
flowers.

At eight-ﬁfteen “L'harlcs'
iii the gymnasium while, 0.
to the auditorium to witne-

  

(7

stand guard l

 

 
  

in ILskimo’

history of the Normal School
covers an honorable record of
ﬁfty years; the Normal College
period from lSDZ to 1908, a
period of pioneer work in l:.(ltl<
I' ion, maintained the highest
traditions of the. normal School:
and the college period which
became operative in l008, is
rapidly justifying the experi-
ment in the professional train<
ing of high school teachers.
The colleee has been a pace
maker in education, ﬁrst in
training elementary teachers;
second in developing the gradu-
ate school of education; and
now in the demonstration that
the high school teacher needs a
liberal education in Arts and
Sciences, followed by a thorough
professional preparation.

“The eighty years of corpor—
ate life are full of intercstincI
episodes and instructive inri»
dents. The financial back-
ground was so simple that it l-i
amusing- us to—day and modern
legislators have stood so close
to the modest ainiropriatious of

 

 

i niendatioii
inial school.
i "i recommend,” said Governor Clin-t
lion, “a seminary for the education of‘
teachers in the monitoi'ial system of in—,
structiou and in those useful branches,
of knowledge which are proiicr to en-,
t'l‘t’til upon elenient' attainments."
lint Clinton's plan was passed over.
lien belie «ed a school to teach leathers
itlllllt‘CL‘Nh ry. They failed to set: the
obligation of the state to insure prop»
erly educated instructors. Massachusetts
however, saw and in 1830 acted. \‘Vllll
the ice of “no precedent" broken, Ne
York State's equal need was brought
home to its legislators and after
llew years of agitation by state and
county superintendents. a hill was intro-
diieed in 1843, in the legislature. Calvin
'l‘. lliibbard, representative from St.
Lawrence county, who was chairman of
idle schools committee then. supported it
rand with the aid of the representative
it'i'oiii lierkimer rounty. Michael liufTv
‘nian, and of others, it was passed. May
.7. His .
i This bill provided for a normal it'lltilll
ilor "the instruction and practice of
1teachers of common schools in the science
:of education and the art of teachine."

  
 

for establishment of a norAi J

American glass, The exhibition was
highly spectacular and very meritorious
Irom an educational standpoint.

FRENCH CLUB ENJOYS TALK

The French Club enjoyed a most
interesting meetingr on Tuesday, no:
«mother 2, when Miss Malcolm gave
a lecture on particular- parts of her
trip to France last summer. .The
lrctiirc was .‘tCCUllilh’lnlCd by stereop»
tican views which made the various
points more vivid. Miss Malcolm he-

 

Ltiltt her talk in speaking of Normandy

and Brittany in northwestern France
and then coining directly to tho south-
eastern portion of the country where
Nice and h’lUlIlOT—lltlDOl‘lilnl stopping
places for tourists—are found.

Miss Periiie's cooperation in lending
the use of her room for the last meet-
ing was deeply appreciated by all
members of the club.

JOSEPH HENRY INITIATION

Joseph liein'y held its initiation party
on December 2. at which time the neo»
pliytes were introduced to the mystical'
rites of the society.

traced and a inelodramat stor in: 18. ha i ., .,, ( [ _ . ' _ I ' 4 
sluiiliniiiarapli. and to listen to an exyrcp—i [ml-l3“: “iciiﬁnﬁﬁtlumviffﬂ'ﬁ . lt voted to make the school experi- I During the earlier part of the initia-
tionally line presentation o several: pub. The Cdncnlim, of Indium inn-um] for five years. llie 'sum of lion the members of the club were
juvenile poems, by “Huh-pi.» “item,” 1 m. m, nmmccssfm hm amp «10.0th a year was given for its lllitltl' entertained by the stunts of the green

‘ ' i tcnancc in those ﬁve ears. The Initiates. After this Professor Hale

ltv‘ryonc returned to the bazaar tot
investiuate purchase, and chat between
dances. liduiiind i'ranc took charge of
refreshments and ended the bazaar byI

 

 

taining experiment here. The
rebate of travel money to stu-
dents. the subsidy to promote the
recruiting of students, are illumi-

 

{i'eeeiits. with the supcriiitcinlent of coin-
imon schools, were placed in charge of

,lhe institution. They chose an cxerutivc

gave a short talk on the value of the
physical sciences.
Refreshments

were served in the

auctioning off rakes and vanity cases; “Ming incidcms that have mmp Iconimittec‘ made up of these men: cafeteria.l to the initiates and members

with equal nont'ltttltitit‘e. ‘ L..." mm” . in “Tom m secure toloiiel Samuel “Young, the itci'tzreiiil of the cub. ,
The returns from the bazaar cannot, (inrmmu-ms and Samar-ships. MOM” PUUCI‘. CHICO“ l’lilWlL'yi l‘ml'CI-‘i ~—

t ATTEND CANTERBURY PARTY

he definitely announced as yet.

H. E. NEWS ‘

The week of lleceiiiher S has been.
Home and Farm Week at the New York
State School of Agriculture. at t"ohle:
skill. Miss Winchell spoke at two oi
the women's meetings on December 4.
on the subjects: “Education of lioys,‘
and Girls in the Home." and “The Pool
gressivc American Home." ‘
A number of the. women expressed:
appreciation for the homeniaking pro-,
gram being broadcasted Mondays and,
Thursdays at two o'clock. J
be broadcasting program for the;
coming mouth follows: i
"The Mother‘s Responsibility for Kecp— l
ing the Children well During the Winterl

 

Months." Dr. (aroline Croasrlale. De-
cember “(iood Times for Young
People, Daniel Ch; e. Chief of
Physical Training Bureau. State Dc-
partnient of Education, Albany, De—
cember lh‘: "Strong Home Life as an
Education for ('itiz nship." Mr. Gran-v
Villt' Ii. Tellers. Assis ant Superinten-J
dent of Schools, Schenectady, DCCL‘lH—:
her 22: “What of our Children's hTﬂll‘i
ners?" Mr. Granville B. Jeffers, eceni-
her 29: "Moral andrReligious Educa-
tion in the Home." Dr. I. V. Molden-
iaweix January 5. A

     

 

 

i

To tell the story in detail will

make an attractive chapter at

this time. of year which marks

the openingr of the eighty—ﬁrst
" of our life."

 

KOHN BROS.
“A Good Place to Buy”
SHOES

[25 Central Ave at Lexington

Open Evenings

Christmas Photographs
l)OZE.N..AT HALF DOZEN
PRICES
To Students Who Wish to Arrange
to Have Them Taken Before Decenv

her, at
THE OBENAUS STUDIOS
57 No. Pearl St.,.Albany
(Ofﬁcial Pliotoizraplh; for' the Year
00: ’

i

‘ t'ampheIL

Dr. Potter was sent to Massachusetts
to find and engage a principal. In New-
biiryport, 'acluisetts. be located
young man named David Page. who was
principal a the high school, and hired
him. Meanwhile, in Lexington, where
the Massachusetts school was in its ﬁfth
vcar. another New Yorker was sttitlyiiiQ’
its work and collecting information which
he brought back to Albany. in this city
Gideon Hawley was searching for a
location for the school.

in the last weeks of November, 1884.
("olonel Youne reported that everything
was ready. December 18 was set as the
date for the formal opening and the he-
gioning of classes.

(Nexz week’s article will tell the story

i

l

l Dwight and the Reverend William H.
l

i

l

:3

 

 

of the ﬁrst day of school, the ﬁrst
eraduatiug class. and of the ﬁrst build-
ing owned by the college.

 

(‘anterlnn'y Club will give a party for
My girls of Trinity Settlement. on
December 15, A Christmas tree and
names will provide diversion. All'mem-
hers are asked to see Catherine Taylor,
‘28. who is in charge. before tlizit time.

a

DINNER SERVED HERE
The lunch room mayopcn for din-
ner at night under the following con-
ditions: “‘v“  '

(1) Dinner served on week nights:
Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday. .

(2) Registration of 75 students. Sec
Miss Thompson. ' ' ,

(3) Cost: $2.00. $2.50 for live dili-
uers. accoiding‘ to numbers registered.

(4) Time: 5:3 -):30.

(5) Plan to he put into operation
immediately after Christmas.

 

MiLLsf'AiiT PRESS - :-

394-396 Broadway. Albany. N. Y.

Place‘Your Order Now For
CHRISTMAS CARDS

Your Name Printed Free on Order of 1 Donna More Cards

 

 

,:
y

L
i
i



 

 

