 

‘ are awarded in the individual scoring the

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY 1. 1925

Page Three-

<1)
‘5;
l t t

H. E. SENIOR ENTERTAINED
BY H. E. FACULTY APRIL 22

The seniors in llnnie lieiinnniies are
exhibiting,r their teaching materials that
they have atteuiiiulatetl during: their enl-
leige work in preparation for their teach-
ing next fall. 'l‘liesc exhibits are being
shown in the, outer ofﬁce of the Home
lieuiiniiiiCs department, eai-li girl Cxllibit— i
ini‘r for (MC day. J

The seniors lll litilllc lieunoiuies eiiter~
lainetl at tea on Friday, April 24, ill the
Home Management house. l51 \«Vesterii
Avenue, from four to six, The guests
on this occasion were members of the
State (‘ulleite faculty and tearliers frniu
the denartnient of Home lieniiniiiies in
the Albany ('in Schools with whom lllt"
girls had been assnviateil in their student i
teaching. i

The annual lll('cllll}:‘ of the New Yltl’lx' i
State Home licniiuinies Association \va~i
held in New Yurk at the Hotel t‘niii 
Iiiutlni'e. nu Altt'll l3 and M. This war.
the first annual meetinpr since the Asst»
('iillitlll has been tliviiletl ititii tlistt‘irls
in accordance with the pulley at the New
York State 'l‘eacliers' .‘\ssuriatinti.

(lit 'l‘iie-«Iay. April .23. the seniiir girls
ill lluttte l‘ittiiilniuitts were entertained at
dinner in the cafeteria by the Ilniiie
l’miiuniirs facult". I’laee cards gave a‘
eliaracter description til each girl in
words beiziiiiiing will] the initials [if lll'l'
name. There was Stilllt‘ ilitliculty iii l'iiidiiie‘
places as swine of the girls (lid nut l’t't'nt‘.‘ ‘
nize llit'itiwlves. The dinner ivliirli
was a iiinst eujuyalile one. ivas fiilliiivetl
by it lllt‘illt‘l‘ party at the Strand. it
was a very pleasant eveninit anil lllt'
llniiie l'lt‘ttlltilllit‘i girls at '35, mve a
vnte of thanks to melt inrinber iif tlii
iii-inc l'Iiziiiiniuii faculty,

“7  7"" in 1881 Edison shipped to the

G, A. A. Fete May 6 ‘ Paris Exposition his “Jumbo”
‘ dynamo—cigth wonder of the
(i. A. .\. will again satisfy State's: world. It coull light 1000
cravingr fur something novel, by lllt' .\lay lamps. Now there are G-E
lt'et‘ in be staged an the campus \\'el ‘ generators large enough misap-
v n, ,\t| 1h.- t~.,ttwtr um ply current for Over a. million
liai'tieitiate in this dent Ill lﬂmPSiL‘aCh W1 hfmll‘ tlmCSl-he
the ye: s \\'t)|'l\'. I‘nlltitvtn" gagglc'l’ower of the lamp Of
which there will he a May tulle ilauri- ‘ ' ,
loreiia Shafiei" '2“. will have char'u- qhchanﬂLEleﬁtric .Coinpany
of the festival which will t'iillmv lltt‘i P'O‘JUCLS.“ “,Wctflca “Riga;
exhibitinm ‘ mtus which makes it pow I;
livt‘ryiii'e is lll\llt‘(l tn mine at si-ie'i Egaltgﬁgéguhzgg‘ggt‘lﬁgglggg
nvliielraiitl Jttlll in (i, .‘\. Ans Ct'lt'lll'i'tll-tli in sevemleagre bootm In its
(’r.§l’rl”“'“""". . . . laboratories. scientists are now
V llie peak'nt athletic interest is rearhi-zl experimm.ing with vo‘mges
lll‘ the Moving-l 1) day ti‘arlr meet. :\t ten times as great as the high
this time gold, silver, and bronze iiieilab

    

And he has lived to see it

Back in 1885, Thomas A. Edison succeeded in
transmitting electricity at 220 volts for one mile
“an achievement and a promise.

The promise was fulﬁlled a few months ago.
when electricity at 220,000 volts was transmitted
two hundred and forty miles to supply Los
Angeles with light and power.

Now ﬁve billion dollars are invested in electric
power plants. A stupendous ﬁgure that testiﬁes
to the alertness of thousands of college—trained
men who have been leaders in the production
and use of electric power.

 

   

 

The electrical era has only dawned. Each year
some new machine or discovery makes it possible
to apply electricity in unexpected ways. The
graduate of today will ﬁnd electricity directly
or indirectly a means for even greater accom-
plishments, no matter what his calling in life

may be.
WEI

YORK

est now in use.

 

liivhcst number (it points in the eve-its
which include basket thrmv‘ baseball
thrmv‘ high and liriiail jump and dash.
Points in the interelass rivalry contest
are awarded it) the class llily‘ltlg‘ the must 
successful participants. .

Support class and college by sieiiiiie.
up nii the bulletin buard for the events.

l
BIOLOGY CLUBTJOMINEES  V
The uninitiatng euiuuiitiee rit' tie-i

liinl'ii‘y ('liib has niatlt: the follimiiie

llUlllllli’llitHIS lur UlllL‘et's fur the euiiiiu'
ELECTRIC COMPANY. ICHBNBCTADY. NEW

"MILLS ART PRESS

(landing; secret a r snrcr. lilva
‘ 394396 Broadway. Albany. N. Y.

Jm‘linnidru, Madeline etjeii; field sec»
t'etal‘y, Mildred \\'ilsun; bikini: eunmut- i
‘iiaelied lllt'lllllL‘I‘S iii the east in the “itch  I ’ i
' Printers ol Stan College  Special Attention biven
Societv Work

Ifyou are interested in learning
more about what electricity is
c‘oing, writc for Repri it No.
AR391 containing a complete
set of these advertisements.

  
    

 

   

tee, .\ilariraret Ila' elberu, '20 llarel V
erl'KlISllll. '26, Elizabeth lie-uler, '27 i MARY GRAHN ACTS AS COACH
i‘fﬂlwll‘ \q‘ll'lhll'rnhiyz Hum“ 1.0”", 2h" Mi:-s .\ilarv tirahii of the faculty
\a |l . alley, .. . ‘
l'ileutinn nt' ut'lieel's will take Illilt‘t' t|ii~
afternoon, May 1 at 3:3tlt in I'tmlll 260
All members are iu‘iied tn crime as this
will be a very initmi‘tant tiieetine.

  

 

 

festival given Saturday iiielit by Albany

l mu'it‘ teirlters. . . cw:

 

"Hi-“d V"~‘.VN;1~«.-»;r«rvu§M¥'ss¥fﬂ’::-hm use mum-w

anti. ‘.~

 

