 

 

 

 

 

'1' vm-waummu..m.w.w-.cs w”...qu .

   

   

H .‘ik'l‘ltl 00L

DORMITORY CAMPAIGN

 

Pu ge 'l‘wo

Quite (Enllrge Nona

ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS owls

No. 6

 

Dormitory funds

to tal $293,000.

Campaign

 

m...
Published weekly during the colleg
year by the Student Body of the New

are no especially large gifts,

 

   

(.iE NEWS, ()UTI‘OllltiR. 30, .1925

CHOICE OR CHANCE

   TIN-2 thaws” SIGNEII ARTICLE er a l't‘aciiixrv Miiiiiiiia is CuN'riuiiirrian 'l‘iiis \\‘i t ..

ll\'
Dean ANNA E. l’u-zitcr.

now
Money is coating in
constantly from all sources but there
Miss

Yielding unrselt'es tr- the direction of chance is our great national sin and v w
worst sin of most individuals. People whose lives move forward mainly [[1 MM
auee with prearranged plans and along carefully chosen Courses are ten. In

 

York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars
per year. Advertising rates may be had

on application to the business manager.

Editor-in-Chief
I'IARRY S. GODFREY. '26
Managing Editor
Eiiwin VAN KLEECK, ’27
Business Manager
HELEN E. ELLnrr'r, '26
Subscription Manager

HELEN BARCLAY, '
Copy Reader
Mancinim- BENJAMIN, ’26
‘ 'taiit Business Managers

l

 

 

Mvaa HARTMAN,
“cum Ziiiiiiaiin/tn, '27
Assistant Subscription Manager
Tatiana Trauma ’2
Assistant Copy Reader
ULtA Fair, ’2
Associate liditors
Sara liarkley, '27 Louise (innit. '27
Katharine Blenis,‘27 Anna l\'ot't, 'Zn
Joyce l'crsons. 'th
Reporters
i\iaci\l iillen lilixnbctb
Thelma lit’czec Lela Van Schaiek
Virginia l'-lig_ its |\.’itherine .
Adelaide l lollistei‘ Dorothy \\
liluah ,l\'rit:g licrtlia Zajai

Leah Cohen

     

 

.ilts
i

I‘lllUCA’l‘lthA I; CHANGES

Although his language does not indi-
rate whether he regards it as such. there
is something like a warning of danger
in the statements made by l'i‘esidciit
1\. R. ltriibachei', writingr on this page
last week on “Our Changing Colleges,"
lti'. .ltrubacher, whnsc judgments
matters educational have come to he
looked upon as neither hastily made or
wrongly premised, pointed out that “a
change has come" in the distinction of
the college degree, and that “professional,
vocational, technical and specialized sub-
ject matter" is crowding out the rnl-
tnral studies troni the liberal arts eo—
lege. Then he proceeded to . iggrst “it
is eren probable that the present -e'ii'ir
hr'h school will issiimc the place of the
old liberal arts college and leave the
colleges tree to devote themselves un»
rcrcrvi-illy to vocational. protc. sional and
technical matters."

in other words, liberal arts colleges are
to U”. in their place will come the
specialized school, “the college of busi-
llt‘s's'. tlic t'ltilt"’(? of home economics. the
college of agriculture," The senior hiin
school is to lit-conn- “the custodian of
J\mCl‘l(‘£tll culture." The junior hi‘rh
school, one tii‘csniiies. will tt‘ﬂt‘ll what
the senior high school now teaches.
Whether the Junior hiin school is to give
ll'i present instruction along with this
new subject matter or whether it is in
“pass the buck” down to the grade
school is not clear. What is plain. how»
ever, is that four years are to he elimin—
he educational process.

"\\' e left undone those things
which c ought to have done; mid we
have done those things which we oueht
not to have done" runs the liturgy of the
[episcopal Church. It was President
Moody of Middlebtiry college, who rc-
eentl}, before a gathering of fraternity
men, expressed the peculiar application oi
these words to the curriculum problems
With which most colleges are now grap—
plnni. He was talking of the inequality
of it"t‘ll’tl‘illlllil, manifest among college

 

 

 
 

Mabel ’l‘allniadgc, executive secretary,

announced,

contributed are ten alumni asociatioiis
thirty student organizations and
civic. alliances.

$7,000 has been received.

Pedagogiie Boards, Men's
Council ainl otb
the sororities and similar orgaiii

contributed. others plan to do so soon

 

 

of toruier graduates. 'l.‘bcsc
's‘ainuel ll. Ward, Samuel linell
llt'yon Child. Lydia Gale Shriuipton

Adams.

STUDENTS FROM STA TE
AND OTHER COLLEGES

the:

Among organizations which have

SIX
From these a total 0
Among

these organixatious are the (iir
Scouts, the Albany Junior League
.i. A. I\., Y. W. C I\., 'HUlHC l‘lcow

Money has also been given in memory
include

.\nna Gibson, Stella Wood and Doro-

DISC USS WORLD COURT

1

 

[‘lltltll‘ tint of our own fixing, make niir
,uieal, largely be

 

 

out wires.
yesterday, and trace w

   

     

Chance ruled your day.

 

deliberately and carefully made, when it

y

I

 

enough minute before their daily diiti ,s
horns and (liter
stances.

 

 

student group like this hardly more than one in ten really fills the hours of tin .
with arts which are self-determined and predetermined.
might with little planning done for the iiiorrow beyond the two or lll‘i't'l‘ it
which yesterday or today have made imperative.

Most of us go to I». '.

tn the morning we i'iw .ii ..
toilet, prepare for and eat our inoin

"itise of necessith which have not been of our claiming .;
then enter upon a succession of acts largely furccd npoii us by lltliltt‘lit't'~ not :

if there is anybody who doubts this, select a recent average dai. .;.
It you did, act by
“0",,” club. Music “ﬁncmimh New.  act was pei'tormed because it chanced In
mm. up”), Newman imp. 1922 “mi '24 ' or whether you chose drfiflri'ulrly to do
Athletic
Practically all
ations

act, and deride in each case \\'llt‘|itt‘i i
mine to you and t/i'llltlllll that if he 
it and you will find my stateun-ni lllll

Will you carefully weigh the possibilities inherent in intelligent choices littttl
day to day and decide whether too high an estimate is made of the value nt \‘ltttt 'v

is predicted that every person. no mm.»

how ynnni,r or how lowly now, who does this. ceasing to be a slave to chance, II‘
become counted among the great of the earth.

'l'hnusands of niir tine Aniercans might have been among the world'~ great, is
. they have always been nohodies and always will be nobodies mainly bccanw tit
lack the foresight to invest a dollar in an alarm clock, and

tematiraliy twi ti

 

demanded it. to take Cil't‘tllltsltlllt‘t's lit i1.
and control them rather than be directed and controlled by tll- ilitt

Society made up. as it is, of individuals, of groups. of organizations. is in in. ‘
of the lngh-iunided, sell<coutrolled. guidance of the thinker, of the man or \\t\llt;tt

  

not nianv such to direct ' prorcs.
Mary Lyons, our Iflnren Nigiiiini,

  

5.

 

“DO YOU KNOW that llccenibcr
l7tb marks the opening of the debate
in the Senate on America's entrance
into the World ('oni‘t; that the, de-
cision of that debate trill be one of
the most important actions in inter—
' al alfaz'rs taken by the United
. ties in [ill' last five y : that,
if we join, it will ll'tL"lll the first step
toward a new assumption of inter-
national rcspvinsibilitv; that the final
vote in the Senate is still uncertain?"

          

 

 

  

who did not live by chance but cxe

of brotherhood and service.

of new habits. There may have to be a

justments are always ditl'ic
thoughts In making our de

 

 

til

‘1 best.

 

 

Sunday. Noveltiber l, at Union college
Schenectady. students from Colgate

 

Hamilton, R, i’. l., Union. Vassar. Skid-
more, Russell Save and State will meet
to discuss attd bear discussed The World

  

‘ dent, of V
be the principal
morning ' '
{ o'clock.
, t‘till‘V

 

r
E

 

 

t
ion. which opens at tcii
Miss l.. l'. (Curtis from tier-

lafiernonii will be devoted to open forum.

5 .‘mgii on the main bulletin board if

{you wish to be included in a group.

 

, t.iiiicbc>n will be served at the colle'c

 

matriculants.
(I: what we I‘rttllll not to have done, of
cause we must have left undone some
of those th"r s we ought to have done"
‘lhc son of the famed cvangelis‘ decl'
"If our hi it whils have taught those
'snlijects which should have been left to
the colleges, of course they must have
ncjzlec 1 some studies they might to
have given."

If, we might add, our liberal arts col-
leges are to be relegated to the ip
licap or revamped into technical and
professional and specialized schools and
their functions given over to the senior
high school, of course the senior high
school must leave undone many of the
necessary 1' " ' iinw performs. if in
turn the junior high school is to antici-
pate in its curriculum, this neglect of the
senior Iiiin school, of course it must
abandon some of the things it ought to
do. The law of cnnpensation is no less
relentless with education than with any-
thing clue. it four years of study are
blithely to be taken from formal i-iln—
ratioii's -nan of life. somewhere four
,itars oi i‘.rmal education must he inst.

 
 

 

 

 

 

it is hoped,
ol the

avd ifre’lcrick Harris, editor of
itbc Y. M. t‘. A. i'ress, will speak. The

"If we have taken time to,

can attain.

we cannot avoid the effects of that choice
able or iii istrous."

"air 9 ENDS

A Weekly Itevlew of Current Flctlon by the
Editor at the Ouariiirty.

THE CONSTANT NYMPH
'l‘be

 

artistic temperament in conflict
with practical living is growing more and
Vniorc interestingly problemat: as psy—
‘cliology leaps and bounds forward into
leonsetpiencc as a science,

 

 

\Vhether or
i‘ltil the lot of the artist will become more
cndurablc when he is perfectly under-
stood, is still conjecture. “Abnormal” is
not so pretty a term as “artistic;" so-
cially incompatible, hicks the glamour
of “temperamental"——really, one feels the
artist should have a say in this procedure
of having his soul laid bare to public
analysis—particnlarly if the public iii-
sists upon becoming intelligent.

In tllc Constant Nymph, i\'f' -arct
Kennedy has attempted the ainliitioiis
task of interpreting an entire family of
artists. reek  including all the family
friends as well. And if one happens to
be a fortunate child of convention——
t‘well—thcre are other books to read.

We are given, as a kind of hypothesis,

 

 

 

 

 

there may be muscles and nerves used that have been unused for sometime
i. there will he need of second ainl perhaps ibnv

 

 

tihu artist in it. natural environment
Alpine chalet called the Karindchiittc.

 

who neighs and considers his course and chooses wisely for himself and int Hilth
lhv machinery of society would come to the scrap heap very soon if [lit-t't' n-
We need our Lincolns, oiu' |t’ooseivli~~. not

 

our l zabeth l’i‘ys and others like li‘it‘

‘ rd the minds (ind gave them and -:in tin
needs ot sorictv tor rcinrms, for progress toward better practices and higher idmi

Let us begin tomorrow morning to plan in detail otir day's program. It \\‘i‘
mean weighing valiieS. eliminating some acts which we have been accustomed in
perform. the introduction of new acts and po '

 

.thy the formation of a large tun .

certain amount of will power ('Vt'l't'l’~t‘~l

   

til

is.
, . We choose to be perfectly well or to be “enjoying poor health." We rho 
ifrieiids that will help us climb upward or those that keep its front attainng iii.
We choose the way our time shall be spent.
‘toivard life, whether they shall he hopeful, helpful, unselﬁsh.
ls it’wnrthn-hile to think carefully toward what our coiecs are leadinu to
Are we aiming just to get by in life with mediocr
ality flat .is disliwaler. or to attain only ordinary
nothing less than the best iii character and se

We Choose our attitndi

  

.iniplishmcnts and a perw'
. s, or to be saltsiirtl null
that we, constituted as we an,

 

‘ ‘ v n i I - ~ ' ‘
‘lcttn though wt let others—min tlllt‘t'.\'flll‘.\‘, or our amoral. .i—chonsi- ior n .

nor deny that it is our own, if disagrer
The family group is dominated in it
more than halfwivilized state by lltt
father of the assemblage, Sanger, ulin i.
rerngiiiyed. albeit by only a few \vu-i
shippers, as a great operatic genius. lit
sudden death. however, throws the fainili
straight into the chilly arms of mini-n-
tioual English society, and the llltft’illiltli'
strife begins. llarbaric, Rcllt't'tlltx
hearted, exquisitely sensitive to the jun:
ling discords of this strange, t'ttIIII'l‘”
environment, life
"Saiiger's circus." Sonic, indeed.
better than others. Sanger, hating had
various entaglements in his hectic. strenu
nus life, thoughtfully provided a varic-i
maternal hercdiy for his lll‘iitttl~>ittllliti‘.'.
'ibsorhing psychological aspects to the
‘ase as well as precious tidbits for die
faded appetites of modern rnnianticists.

does its worst with

fair

Miss Mary E. 60in in each issue will recom-
mend a bunk she believes students will
enjoy. This week;

i\l\’ (iAlt’illCN (llt' VlCllSlCS, HY
KATIE DOUGLAS WllitilN; lloit'lt
tnti»i\liiilin, publishers; price, fl.'t' dollars,

 

 

