 

we Two .
9min (llnllrgr News

Err/inmost) av rut: ctase or 19w ‘
Vol x Dec. 4, 1925 i No. 12

 

 

 

 

 

 

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dollars
per year. Advertising rates may be had
on application to the business manager.

 

 

Editor-in-Chief
HARRY S. GODFREY, '26
Managing Editor
Enwm Van Know, '27
Business Manager
HELEN E. ELLIOTT, '26
Subscription Manager
Hem: BARCLAY, '26
Copy Reader I
MARGARET BENJAMIN, ’26
Assistant Business Managers
MYRA I'IARTMAN, '27
HELEN ZIMMERMAN, ’27
Assistant Subscription Manager
TIIELMA Taurus, '27
Assistant Copy Reader
JULIA FAY, ’27
Associate Editors
Sara Barkley, '27 Louise Conn, '27
Katharine Blenis, ’27 Anna Koﬂ' ’26
Joyce Persons, '26
Reporters
Leah Cohen ElizahctltMacMullen
Thelma Brezec Lela Van Schaick
Virginia Higgins Katherine Saxton
Adelaide Hollister Dorothy Watts
Elnah Krieg Bertha Zajan

THE WORLD COURT

.S‘ludl lltr Uuilcvl .S‘lalcr .rlill umiuluin
Itcr extru-World-Cour] position along
till/It 'I‘nr/wy, Soviet Russia, (Icrtuouy,
ﬁvlexicn, mu! .rczrt'ml ul/Im' sum/I or
backward nations." The question will
again be debated by Congress December
1 . In the meantime, a student move-
ment is sweeping the country, of wlticlt
State will be a part tlirottgli the stu-
dent poll to be taken in assembly this
morning.

Will the vote he intelligent? An
effort has been ntadc to have it so by
means of open forums, literature, and
public address We hope that no one
casting a ballot registers a mental pro-
cess to some such effect as these com—
monly heard objections:

(l) Joining the Court will involve
us ill the League of Nations, and l pro—
test :tg“ League membership. The
Court, it is true, was a creation of the
League largely through the initiative of
tlte United States, which strongly advo-
cated the foundation of such a perma-
nent court itt both the Hague confer-
ences oi 180‘) and 1907: lIu/ the League
acted as a mere instigator of the ('onrt.
retaining NO power over it except as
an electing body, special provision being
made for non-League members in the
election of judg s.

,2) Membership in the Court will
force us into legal entanglements. Not
sol (Unless we voluntarily sign the
optional clause, which has, so or. been
ratiﬁed by only a few small 'tions.)
The Court has no power of decision llll-
lcss [ml/i parties to the dispute submit
the question.

(3) The Court has no power to en-
forcc decisions. (irautcd. litll'wllill na-
tion. having agreed to submit a dispute
to the decision of a tribunal, will he so
“yellow streaked" as to refuse to acct-ot'
an adverse judgment? (Oh. it will
probably be done sometimcv—live long
and learn.)

(4) The United States should not
entangle itself in foreign aiTairs. (Who-
ever reaches this stage of argument
nothing Catt convince; he is blind to ex-
isting conditions.)

 
 

_..,

 

 

 

scare common Haws, tncotuttmn 4, um
USE YOUR EYES

’I‘m-i erws’ Stout-m ARTICLE BY A FACULTY Menace ts CONTRIBUTED l‘uis \VEEK

THOMPSON WRITES LETTER
‘l
were met to increase tlte spirit of good—
will among the peoples of the earth, and
we did not always understand the jokes.
There was the usual amount of, tallying
for the sake of being prominent, tltc
usual trumpeting of platitudes, and an
astonishing ignorance of what others
have :thotnpltshed.
, , . I

.  ()ur blate was finely rcpic-
scntcd by (,‘onuuissioner Wiley, but: un-
fortunately he had not been -;tssigned a
definite part iii the program, r

We did contribute some novelties,
however. There was a gentleman from
Ohio, representing himself, who- almost
emptied a ltall with a discourse upon
an international symbolic ling. Then
there was a woman representing the Na-
tional Security League of New York, I
believe, with the most strident voice i
have ever heard, I understood her. to
say,——and othe .. gained the same int-
prcssion,———tl1:tt until her organization
pttt its hand to the plough the Ameri—
can Constitution was never mentioned
in half ottr schools. but that she and her
colleagues were changingr all that and
were now instructing American teachers
in citi ship. She generously offered
the scrv Ls of her organization to other
peoples. No reply came from the
stunned .r\tncricans, but a innit will] the
terrier speech of lluudec told the au-
dience that be thanked his maker that in
Scotland teachers were not instructed
by amateurs He was decidedly rude,
bttt the audience applauded.

ltt spite ot what l have told you, we
had reason again and again to be proud
of American education. Nearly all the
speakers except the lritish and the
Americans referrer! to us as pioneers
and quoted our systems as models, This
grew rather monotonous and scented to

 

 

 

 

 : the llritish a. little, most of
whom ﬁlt'mtffl completely ignorant of
any system except their own.

. . l‘roicssor l, ,l. Findlay of

the University of Manchestch
'd: . . . We want peace because
we fear war; we are simply continuing
and aggravatino an “anxiety neurosis."
One place to eliminte anxiety is ill the
clitssroon‘t, particularly with little chil—
dren, and this does not mean the elimi-
nation of a standard of attainment. llc
believes that a child of eleven or twelve
is or nongh to study a foreign lan-
advocatcs Esperanto as :1 vol-
txiliary language and 'ts an iti-
trndnctmn to foreign languages. i think
that your readers would be astonished
to learn of the progress of Esperanto.
'l‘en continental European stations
broadcast l'ispcrauto now; thc liritish
Society for the Ad 'anccmcut of Science
ire-commends its use: it is being taught
lin a good many schools from England
1to Japan, ltt act, the most enthusi:
tic support came from a latiancse dele-
gate, who, incidentally, told what he
thought of Eu'rlish medical students who
neulectcd the study of German.

To me the most interesting of the ad-
dresses was by Professor Patrick Geddcs
of the (‘ollcgc dcs Ecossais. Moutpcllier,
the consultant architect of the new Uni-
versity of Jerusalem. a man with ftnc
wit and an encyclopacdic knowledge of
‘uuiver. .‘ . lc‘ traced the different
,typcs of university from the Cree s.
through the monastic. medieval, renais-
,sance, encyclopaed. . and Napoleonic
types. l'lc attacked this last type with
its elaborate system of examinations and
of memorizing for exmuiuations. "a sys-
tem of cultivation under which the buds
are not allowed to open." He was par-
‘ticularly hitter against “the passing
tschool of utilit' " u 0 drop their l."
‘ He admitted that spc"i i' i s-
sary in this age. bttt he uskel whether
Iwc were to have dis-specialization or

.r

 

  

 

 

     

    

 

 

,

 

  

T
5‘:
E
o
r:

 

 

[W
PROFESSOR GEORGE M. YORK

 

iictctus, a stoic, lllliltl/Illlllcf of the
firstcentury A, I)., wrote as 'follows:
"Did God give the eyes fordnltlting and
was it for nothing that He mingled to
them ‘a spirit of such might and con—

' futile

 

:ning? Was it for nothing that He I

light without which there were no bette-
fit of any other thing?"

About every other man or woman one
meets is wearing (rye-glass s and a great
nnuiy others are on their way to the
oculist. There are very few people in
Ihc world who have eyes that can set:
and observe. "if the trouble is in the

 

will quickly restore your focus, bttt 1
the fault lies in the brain base which is
the seat of perception, no amount 'of
ocular skill will print an enduring pic—
titre on your memory." To l)(.‘lltllt'l ts
fatally easy, but to observe rcrpurcs that
the brain cells be fully organized. thl’tl
pttt in action, The average brain is
lobby from disuse. Only the most per-
sistent regime of training will make it
snlliricntly sensitive to recall the objects
carried to it through other waves,

No characteristic Lo marks a man or
woman for prcferment iti liic its the gift

con-specializatiott. He admitted ‘that
the problem is increased hy'tlic higher
education of women; as he said, “lave
is after the apple ' ain." He insisted
that in the universities and colleges each
teacher should explain the bearing of
his subject upon civilization in its social
sense and upon nature. lie told of how
this, fundamental problem is being
solved for different people lll Jerusa-
lctn, in lndia, itt America. He had spe-
cial, praise for Columbia and Hart
month, where he himself has lectured
in courses dealing with the history of
civilization. Such courses anti courses
itt general sctcuce he regards as indica-
tions of the birth ot a new and great
type of university.

As a very practical measure, a I’t'cnch
delegate presented excellent rt-soltttitms
regarding university reciprocny. 'llc
urged that all governments remit pass-
part and Visa fees to students and pro-
fessors. He also urged rcctprocily in
the matter of credits anti (lea-recs
lirancc now extends the courtc~y of nui-

 

 

lversity equivalents to twenty-eight dif-

ferent countries: front some countries
she gets no return; with America she
has complete reciprocity. it seems to
me unfortunate that these resolutions
were ruled out of order by the chair-
man, but some good may cotne of them.
It is well that other nations should hear
of this lircnch-;\mcrican cuteulc.

in the matter of Sccnidary education
‘lll interesting report was read sn'tgcst-
ing how international good-will ’lll be
fostered in the hi' [1 school curriculum.
The committee proposed:

I) /\ course in Univc'sztl llio
to present the contributions of v.’ tou
races to our l'l\'lli'/.'lll"ll /\ call for In
intct'uatiointl Pl .UTA li’Cl'l!

) Visual instruction itt Geography
and ’l‘opograplty, the “tnmies” tn ht:
utilized '

3) The study of “humal
crature drawn from all peoples
lcctc'l in an antholot'y.

(4) Aesthetic instruc‘ion as part of
the regular course, with visits to mu-
seums.

(5) instruction in the elements of
('ivics and Economics, to be begun at
the age of twelve and continued for
three or four years. .

 

   

 

 

 

liaitlifully yours.
flaunts: W. 'l‘nont-son.

iris or rctiuahta piece of ground glass:

 

of sight. For thousand; of year; every
normal creature had seen the lightning
flash bttt Benjamin Franklin observed
it. Every great invention breaks the
ltcart of a hundred men who had
dreamed about it years in advance of the
inventor's patent. They had ‘lt' a
dreamer's model, httt hazy itnng‘inatirnt
or .relcuting concentration had untitled
lllu spring or w that would have
tightened the mental patent itito u lll‘tt’."
tical machine. The successful onto or
woman in business or pro i'nutl lift:
is one who has learned to
the nose. to son from cfftn
cause, to distinguish live \vire'.
dead ones without cominr,r '
Contact with the wire (Tulle
turning ottt many buys and girls \Vll’l are
unconscious of tteir Slll‘l’ttlllltllllﬂ;
Every student should become a part ol
all he sees. He should set: the lllilt‘:s
at which he looks, not he'aust- the
process bears such a close relation to
his bank :tcc tint, lntt becrtusc observa-
tion and appreciation go so for itt chart"—
ing one's life from a condition of lllt'l't‘
existence to one of real living.

BOOK-ENDS

V()l.CAN(); A lt‘ROlJC
By Ralph Strauss

Reading a story of American small—
towtt life has all the intrinsic. virtues of
reading history, for it gives one the
pleasant eon' ousn of lilllt' proﬁt
ably employed. For even as one reads,
the story becomes history; the so.“
town becomes a metropolis. 'l‘ltt-rc is
a quite different feeling :lCJUlllllllllllllctll.
however, when the setting of the story
is a wee Engliin town. The reader
might follow his desire to visit there
twenty years afterward attd find the
stage still set pr s as the author
left it. An English ('otrnnou remains
a ttfommon; it is not enchanted over-
night into a factory or an apartment
house. The persons of the story. too.
are unclutngc another reiteration, per-
hztps, bttt (loin-t the some lllill"€ in the
some way with exactly the same ntild
emotions.

Such a ‘liip Van Winkle English town
does Ralph Strauss give us in (‘rootntn
if the inhabitants of this ancient, un-
sophisticated hamlet felt the vaonc stir-
rings of any ambition. it was only to be
permitted to go on unmolcste'd. its
sleepy, emotionless way, it would re-
quire. indeed. nothing short of a volcano
to upset the even tenor of the i" . .th
gricfs of Croomc inhabitants. hit tin-
nnthor scents to have possessed the faith
that is allcycd to have potential moth
lain—moving powers; and so front no-
where :tt all he transports :i tlcliulitinl
volcanic mountain, already sccthiinr im-
patiently. and places it deftly in the mid—
dle of the cherished Croome ('omnion.
And the town wakes up one morning
and rubs its eyes.—

Like every respectable English town-
let, Croomc has two distinct sets-
that which livcs very seriously for the
uplift of the lower classes. not! that
which struggles to provide the ungrate-
ful upper classes with successive genv
cratinns of servants more or less faith-
fttl. And the volcano, a very earnest
social upliftcr, mixes them up appall-
ingly

 

 

 

  
 

licy ntd
.t buck l'l
I‘r tut

   

  

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

Strauss strips his story of all dirvnity
from the start. It is a frolic. he insists;
and if yntt have no wish to drop your
own dignity and frolic with hint, we
both warn you to find a really serious
book and leave Volcano to the nevt pct'v
son on the (‘o-op's long waitin list

Olga A. Huntch '26.

 

"l

l'ﬂ

\
w

 

 

 

