w

“Mm—MM....MM_..~WW- v... “M

 

 

iEAM MEETS

to 1mm out
At intimation

Freshman Qulntet Will Oppose
Mlddleburgh High In
Prelim Today

SQUAD LOST TO JAMAICA

’l'he varsity haskcthall team will play
St. Stephen's college tonight and New
l’alty, Normal school tomorrow night.
both games oil the home court.

liollowitti‘r their defeat by
'l‘earhers 'l‘t llllllg school (lttitttet. 18 to
If), Saturday ti"ltl. the Purple aitd (iold
resumed prac’irc this week.

'l'ouielit‘s 'lttlli‘ witlt St. Stephen's
college is lttlll‘ll the more diflicult of the
two tilts. St. Stephen's was easily de-
fcatezl, 41 to 23. hy Union college at
Schenectady last Saturday night. New
l’altz Normal is not expected to offer
ereat opposition tomorrow. J\s a pre-
liminary to toiii'zht's game. the frosh
men's team will meet Middlehtireli high
school at seven o'click

Mitch ln-tter work is looked for front
the varsity tonitvht Those who saw last

Jamaica

 

week's game declare that the teaitt came

 

t1"\'l|tfl‘L‘ near tlte rt- 'tiou of its po
In! L De pite the deteatI ohseri'crs are
firm in their conviction that the ipii'itet
tltis year is about as u ind as l'ist. 'l'her
have had five weeks' pi‘acticr, atid if
seasoned ennhinations are seiti iitto the
game and all the iayers c f ssh. which
was not the case last week. for the c rt
te-t. interesting w' rk should result
Tax tickets will adiitit all students t:
either game and oritattizetl Sll]!1)’ll‘l will
he carried oit hy the cheering section.
The ,Iamaica contest was one of the
iitost raeeed seen on the tl mr iit several
seasons, l)I)lll teams displaying poor form
must of the game State showed 11'
weakly in team work and the opponents
proved as had. \N’tanuline' aitd sloppy
playimr delayed the tilt all the way
tlirou'lt. attd it was only at intervals that
either team demonstrated much speed.
Jamaica hroneht a team considerably
strow’er than that which State trimmed
decisively last winter. The Long Island
quintet was playing its fotirtlt game and
the extra work they have had helped
them throughout. The ' ‘ '

   

 

 

   

 

\'Z . w
that which they did ltl their first game
last season.

Coach Baker of the 'l‘earhcrs had
sprung a surprise in his line-up when he
sent in Grillin and Captain l'lornuntt as
forwards atid l\'uc7.ytiski and Kershaw
as guards, Nephew was at the pivot
position for the Purple and Gold. but
he showed none of the ability which has
lit’c‘tt‘tl his previous work.

llakcr sent Knezyuski hack into the
line-up wlieti the second half hogan. pull-
ine out Kershaw. The second half was
livelier. hilt Referee llumnhri‘
Compelled to put llerisch.
‘aptain and high scorer. out of the game.

 

 

 

 

"7 \ I
ﬂ“

(Courtesy Alhiniy Evening News)
HERBERT K. HORNUNG
Captain of Basketball
llis loss di:l ll'tl affect Janiai'a. li t\\’L'\'L’l'

'l‘lie «:uinutar ‘

 

3: t‘()l.l.tit;lu

l~|- li'l’ Tl'

l llorrittn '. lf . . . . . . . . . . .. l) .2 2
’arr. f . t) 2 2

' l l 3

 

3
Lichith t l l) 2
Kcrsltaw. it: .. ... . ll 0 I)
liiiczyu-ki, rt: . . . . . . . . . ,. _’ it 4

Totals . . . . . ..  a
_|;\.\l \It'.\ ‘l‘. T.
It'll li‘l’ 'l‘l'

 

 

 

lit-ch. ll . . . . . . . . . . . . .. l 2
'eri ch, rf 2 5 ‘l
Spiwlanc. rf 2 (I 4
Siedel. t‘ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. ll ll ll
tohei'ty. () (l t)

\liles. lg ll l
'assidy. .... (l t] it
l’itt. rt: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. ll 0 ll
Totals . . . . .  S 8 18

t t .\ . .

S ~ori- at half tinte~-ianiaica Teachers
'l‘raining’. l3; State Lfolle :e. 12 ‘lx‘eferce
‘~-llttlll||lll'lt‘.ﬁ. Timer Kohlcnz. Time

if periodsw'l'cn minutes.

DRAMA CLASS PLA Y TO
BE TH URSDA Y EVENING

The ll'h'll til" at play to he presented
before (‘hristuias by the advanced dra-
'uat€c' ca will he Thursday evening
in the college auditorium. at ei‘lht o'clock.
\lexander t'ooiter is the director of the
dratna which is said to he a stronq pic-
liire of Irish life. included in the cast
will he several who have had prominent
parts in the previous work of the cl's

 

 

 

College Ne’f‘

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHER.

'7 VAEEANYTNTY” FRIDAY, DECEMBER It. IBZS

“MYSTERY WOMAN”
APPEARS IN CASE OF
KERSI-IAW VS. MILLET

Those who have been following:- the
case of l\'crshaw vs. .\lil|ett, now heiut:
tried hefore judgi- l)a\‘id llutchisouI
are greatly titystiticd. The name of
the third party. often referred
“.'\ t‘cl‘taiti young lady in college:
lJtS l)t‘t‘ll \l'l')‘ carefully omitted from
all etidence thus far pi‘cscitlcil ltl‘flll‘t‘
the jury. \\’ho is this youtte. lady. to
\\'hom Mr. [(i‘t'shaw is said to he i-ii-
.taeed? Neither the attorneys for the
plaintiff nor the defendant will eire a
chic il\ to her identity.

The complaint is as follows: “The
defendant llitri ih-taiIn-d the plaintiffs
character and his good nann- in such
a manner as to handicap his relations
with the .L‘t'llt'l'ill pithlfc and more spe—
citically with the students at the New
York State ('ollefle for l't-achers. and
to inllirt a handt ip on ltis teachini:
in the M liii- High School. and pit his
possihilities of ohtanintt tiirther em—
)loynn-tit in his prepared life work.
the Ali-.eiidant has alleged that llll‘
,daiutill was com ed to a t‘t‘t‘lttllt girl
‘ lying at the New York .‘itale (ol-

Ior 'l'eachi-rs. attd furthermore
ecd that the plaintiff's character
and temperament is so tickle and in-
i'ottstaltt that if the ahove itii-ntiottcd
L:ti‘| places any faitlt iii the plaintilt's
protuts s or declarations sht- shall l)t'
misled and disappointed to such an
rxtent that she shall stiller hollt incu-
tally and plt, tll_\‘. 'l'hc delt'ttilant
tnrtht'rittorc has stated her \‘iews iii a
letter to one. a student at the New

to as

 

 

   

 

 

 

York State Collcgc for ’l'eacltt'rs.
l7iirtl_tt'rntot‘c. the defendant has

claimed that the plaintiff. in utter ihs— 

‘i'ceard of all rules issued front the
office of the Dean of Women of the
l.\'cw York State College for ' ‘ ~hers.
has reitiaiued iit sorority houses after
the hour pre>crihcd for the departure
of male visitn‘s. The defendant has
declared that the plaintiff is not a lit
person to teach children. and that he
' petting away with niurdcr' teach-
ing lessons he prepared while flirting
with the women, aiid hence goes to
class unprepared to teach." \Vlierc-
fore. the plaintiff demands judgment
for the sum of $5.000 and the costs of
this action.

Miss lidith Greene testified that she
heard Miss Helin Millctt. the defend»
ant, utter the above statements in the
Rotunda on ’l‘uesday. November 16.
around noon. According to her. Miss
Millett said that the yttttttt‘; lady friend
of Mr. Kcrshaw's would prohahly have
a rude awakening.

Miss Lelia Lewis. who was standng
in the Rotunda talking to Miss Greene
testiﬁed to the same effect as Miss
Greene.

Mr. Charl ' llouitelly gave his testi-
mony in writing, signed by C. . Dcyo.
Notary l'iildic.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A‘r'
filloﬂéggijyear

tEsttuiitith m EAME WITH REGfﬂliS.

Mtitttttt WILLIAMS
APPEARWORROW

Will Read "Riders To The Sea"
And Saundera' "Poor
Magdalena"

RE H EARSlNG F0 R PLAYS
Miss i\lyfawncy \\'il|iains, alumna of
Stati- and dramatic reader of note. trill
inter. l‘cl john Alillittg‘tint S‘Vllut“ ouc-
'it‘t dranva. "lx‘idrrs to the Sea." attd
liiiiiri‘ Saunders" "l’oor M' ' ' "
tomorrow item in the auditorium,
t'ttilt‘t‘ the auspices of the ltr iinatic. and

 

.\rt association.
Mist \\'illiains was graduated from
l‘lBl. llurine. her four y *ars

 

'itc iii

lltl'.‘ she was active in dramatic work
and showud inticlt :thility. After
eradiiatioii. the illlt'tttli'tl the .’\t|ti't‘i(tatt
.‘\t'illlL‘lll)’ of Dramatic Art in New
York where >lll' took llll‘ iititior

course. graduating with honors. :\t

lll‘t'.~l‘lll shc s dramatic art iii-trnctor

ill the high school at Scranton, i’a
Admi sion will he lifty rent; or the

 

       
 

ptihlic, .‘itndcnts will llt' admitted on
student lax tick- s.

.\liss |7utti~ri~r has :in«
ttolinri-d t‘i . .tls for the Wu)" 1" ltl.‘

 

presented liy the i-li'iniutar} c'ar“ Ill
January. as follow: lx’t-lwarstlr. for
the "Shot-s that llanccd" In an at
10 o'clock Satur. tlll‘l'l‘lttt", ll‘t'L‘lll-

   
   

 

 

 

   

her 5: for the t t_t' "l’attt't‘ lfl't‘l‘."

s 'ty. l)l't‘t‘lllll(‘l' 3. at 3 o'clock;
for ' ’l it‘klci-s 'l'iine " the first i‘nl ’tl
was l‘t‘ltl t l’ridav. at 3 o'clock.

 

I'lrcnine' rehcarals will lit-gin next:
week as .ollows: “liani‘v Free."
' night. llei‘cinhcr 8. at 7130;
s Time." \\"cdni-sday. at 7:30;
"Hi" Hines that llanced." Thursday,
at 7:30. All students of lltl' class are
tiri-‘ed to attend as many as possihle
of the rehearsals. since the purpose of

   
 

  
 

 
 

lll‘ cl... is to l rn the art of stage
settingI and llll'L tine:

COUNCIL DETERMINED
TO KEEP TRADITIONS

The campus council decided to take
stern measures against the int vio-
lations ol collee‘c traditions.

 

Names of
violators were stihinittcii. and the offend-
ers personally warned hy campus council
nteuihers. /\ second offense will be
handled liy Myskauia. -
.-\ll violations of college traditions ' ‘
recorded: The name of the \'lt
charge. and the name of the person
making the charge.
necessat" stern measures will he
used to iiiiprc pon all that traditions
"11le [w Ice/II. iirls breaking traditions
are not clie'ihle to sororities, and the

  

 

 

l'iL‘lll to hold oflice during the college
career is dcincd all violators.

