 

 

BAKER PROMISES SUCCESS l

State men Monday evening enjoyed
their ﬁrst genuine tall: from the new‘
coach and physical director. Mr, Rather-
lord laher. Perhaps State's former“
spirit has come hae ; perhaps it isl
merely the natural exprt at at men
anticipating a light. ;\t least, every lIlfltt
sensed a greater let-line nl' rmpousihility. ‘
a higher held for opportunity lit-hind
it all was the vision at the g‘t‘ltlit’ntl,
Stale can come lh'lCh'l 'l'he nnly pre-
requisite is that the appeal t'nr ncu men
he recognized. .\lr. llalrer prnnliw~ the
Winning at illtlll‘nxltlltllt‘l)’ a dozen txlllllt‘s
of the three major sports ii the men
came nut!

ltt the college gym earl) man will run—
trnl and disripline in turn those inter
ested ill physical education. lly thi~
plan erel'y graduate \\ill haw a \wrliin':
lmmt'lwlne ml each pal‘tirnlar phan- at
the Wort: itself and the attained init'
In tun’et'll :t Httttll‘ttl hotly til t'utt~.itlt
sive. t'u-upct'atinn alune is ultl‘
for success.

  

 

   

c- AAAAAAA -_ i

IMPRESSIONS OF A FRESHMAN‘

liverynne has his zern ltnltt' at some:
(lllt‘ stane ut' “hat apparently seems 1”}
he a rattler dangerous undertaking. l'll ‘
runt‘..s i had mine. when Slate's rearl
dnur closed hehiud me and l was uunt»
hered one, at her freshmen. To all nutr 
ward appearances l was very ealur very
collected, as all lt‘eslmu'u are upon
registration day, but at heart it was he“
wildcrment rather than calmness, l had
anticipated ltciug rhased thruutth the
corridors hy a hnwlitu.‘r mnh whirh would
tntdnuhtedly lye the sophomores lluwerer l
unthine' at this sort has happened, .\:;l
:1 matter of (act things hare run their
course almost too smoothly. making me‘
still undecided in regard in the snpltutltn-
mores. l attended all the lectures on
my schedule. and attempted tu answer
the many and varied questions asked in
the intelligence 'l‘es‘tst \\'ith the cuttt‘
mencctncut ut' lussnus my truuhles he-
gatL As all upper classmen realize the
radical difference ltctween a culleee and
a high school, picture my dismay upon
receiving a history assienmeut nt' Ive
chapters and one hundred pages in a:
reference houlc Ac‘nrdiug tn the tinn-
warn ~statement that " the worst is yet tn
come” my prospects are esceedinnlyi
bright with the tortures at. the Saplin—
more Get Wise l'arty yet In he endured,

Y W. RECEPTION

Yr \'\’. gave a hearty welt‘lvlllt' tn the‘
metal  ' ' ("lass on ‘
lir'

   

of the ” l :unpaign'
evening, September Jr», at its‘
annual reception to the freshmen Gen» 3
erous purlintts ut‘ genuine luu wen“
served at the llt'L’ltllIitlIQ‘ of the prngt'attt ‘
arraueed. “’l‘he new State ('ulleee;
'liaud' is oth to he proud ol " every-l
one who had the great npprn‘tuui _ tud
honor of hearing: it at its first llltllt‘lll‘lell‘C
ol' the reason lltll‘ckl'l‘u‘tll)‘ llQI‘Ct'tl. .\lr.
'l‘. l’. H. ('autllyu was present partieltw
larly to hear the re~ult of his efforts and
was agreeahly impressed. 'l‘hnse ereen‘
curtains in the (' nhich for many.
many surial "ions have t’t'vealctl‘
representations Worthy nt‘ lame on
llrnadtray disclosed the pick of Ilroatl—J
way in “One Rainy llay,” a chartnix.
little dance: the wennd utunher pot-
trayed real anguish of lll“)l\‘Cll hearts
the third represented true cnntrast be
tween the inaudible and the audihlc

 

 

  

   
  
 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER  1924

Page Thro

 

 

 

 

 

 

Beacons of the sky

This achievement has been
made possible by engineers of
the Illuminating Engineering
Laboratories of the General
Electric Company, working
with oﬁicials of the Past: Ofﬁce
Department. A startling
achievement now will be a
commonplace of life in the new
America which you will inherit.

 

If you are interested to learn
more about what electricity is
doing, write for Reprint No.
AR391 containing a complete
set of these advertisements.

 

GENERAL ELECTRIC CO'MI’ANY

QUALITY SILKS

WEARWELL CREPE SKTINS inl

Truly nice things always are short, as ’51" the-“0W Fa“ COIOI'S- 40 iIlCh 2‘19 yd ‘-

this part of the entertainment prm'ed. WEARWELL FLAT CREPﬁém all
The remainder of the evening was rle- t the new Fall colors. 40 inch 225 yd

voted to dancing, the musicilming lur-
uisltcd‘xby I college “talent. , During ,. the
intermission ‘relr‘cshtneuts ~ were served
antll dancing" c'ontin'ued' uittil' eleven

0 c ock.

These two fabric!) are. unmntchable 'ln value I r - ' ' > , y . , . .. -.  r . .

for the price. tlhc wanted calors'lnnew Full , . J _  . n . . V_ . I ‘_ . . ‘ . ts,» _ h L _ ‘

"mm" “'8 “Gm’ «He'wen’s   Printers of Slatquliesn, _ .r  :2 spec“! Allﬁnh‘i‘ﬂste“
News

Over Kresge: 6-101:

Stow 15-11 NORIH PEARL 51.

Between Cleveland and Rock
Springs, Wyo., along the night
route of the air mail service, tall
beacons have been placed every
twenty-ﬁve miles.

Revolving on great steel towers,
General Electric searchlights, to-
taling 1,992,000,000 candle-power,
blaze a path of light for the air-
plane pilot.

What the lighthouse is to the ocean
navigator, these beacons are to the
conquerors of the air.

JsmnDH

lElUEClI'lRlIC

SC H 13 N l5 C‘r‘A PY . NEW—3.31115”
MtLLs ART PRESS
‘ i - I ,‘I 394:329'Bmadaiy.Albany. MY;  "

Society Work

 

