 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ijaje Eight

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY 29, 1925

DEPARTMENTS OFFER VARIETY OEEOURSES

 

 

MUSIC ASSOCIATION

In closing the college year l924~25.
Music Association would like to thank
all who have in any way helped to
make this, its sixth year, a successful
and a pleasing one. During,r the hi«
monthly meetings of the Association,
the following members have given inti-
sical programs, consisting of selections
for violin, piano and voice:

Nettle Gilbert, Mary Wenctawo-
\vicz, Ruby Herman, Zehna (iorman,
Ruth Louber. Jeanette Maiiville, Mar-
tha Lomax, Margaret ’l‘aylor, Agatha
liliclc, Ruth Lenimle, Margaret Mar-
tin, Ruth Van Zant. Henriette Flint.
Esther Packard. Berba Zajan. or—
nelia Williams, Violet Pierce, Marion
Veddcr, Elizabeth Murray, Mary l’ier-
pout, Carolin Jossolyn, David Neville.
Willard Retalliclc, Percy llriggs, llari'y
Godfrey, Felix Fesla. Anne Raynor,
Miss Foote, Jeanette Wright, Mary
Rheiii, Katherine l‘lilllllllCl'SlCY.

Much credit for the successful plan-
ning of the program is given to Ruth
Johnson, the chairman of the program
committee, for 1924-25.

During the year the Association
brought to the students and the people
of Albany two major conc-rts. '
first was a recital by Os ip Gabriln-
witsch. conductor of the Detroit Sym-
phony Orchestra and pianist of inter-
national renown. This concert was
held in Chancellor's Hall. December

in the spring, April 29, the ' ‘0-
ciatiou presented the London Sti ng
Quartet in a re of chamber music.

The college mid-winter concert was
also liclil in Chancellor's llall Febru-
ary 6. The college orchestra, mixed.
Cairns, and women's chorus gave a
varied program. Zoltan Szechly, llnn-
garian violinist. was the sisting ar-,
list. The animal spring concert was
given May 9 in the College Auditor—i
iuiii. This concert also rcpresenter
State‘s contribution to music w -
The college orchestra, In' ed chori
and women's chorus participated.

A college sing before the holidays.
December 16, in the Cull" auditor-
itnn. was sponsored by the : sori: ion.
Special features included the rendition
by a picked chorus of a carol coni~
posed by Caesar Franck. At this
time, the mixed chorus made its :tp-:
pearance, and with a small echo,
chorus sang a selection from seven-i
teenth Lc tiiry carols. 5

The officers for Music Associationi

council for the coming year are as.

I:

 

 

 

 

 

5

  

9.

 

   
   

 

 

   

follows: 'l'livra lie\’ -r, presideutz'
Willard Re '1 lick, treasurer: Helen 
Arthur, secretary; Nettie ( lbert,

chairman of membership committee:
Marion O'Connor, chairman of pro-
gram committee.

Two concerts will be given next sca- =
sou under the auspices of the Music
Associ tioii: a pianofoi'te recital by
l'ercy (irangcr. and a recital of cham-
ber music by the Floiizalcy Quartet.

 

SPANISH l
ltecause of the flourishing interest. for:
both commercial and social reasons. in
the language of South America, the Span-
ish lanunarre is, particularly popular for
high school study. The courses offered
in this department embrace one in coin-
mercial Spanish, one in which the novels
of Spanish-America are read and dis~
cussed, and one in contemporary Spanish
drama.

 

‘ will decrease from eight to six.

.will be made a three-hour course. It
.is now a two-hour subject.

twill teach the subject.

 

CHANGES IN COURSES

Several important changes in courses

will he made next year, Dr. A. It.
llrubachcr. president, announced today.
President Brnbacher explained that
changes are chiefly in the department of
education and are listed in the l925-26
catalogue as follows:

Philosophy 1, psychology, which is
now a SIX-hour sophomore course will be
made a three-hour X‘L‘lltltl‘ud junior course.
luducation l, History of Education,
which is now a two~honr junior course,
will become a three-hour Junior course.
l'hus the required hours in psychology

A course in “Mental Adjustments and
Methods of 'l'hinkiiig," discussed else-
where in this issue. will he required of
all freshmen, one hour a week. This
will be known as lidiicalion i).

I'Idncalion 2, Principles of lidueation,

Social Development and fiducalion,
liducation 7, will he offered this year.
l'rofessor lx‘ichniond ll. Kii'lland, now
llt...(l of the college linglisli department,
' This course has
not been gchii for five years.

l'l‘olcssoi‘ l\'irtland will also give
liducalion lllfi, “Recent Movements and
Experiments in l‘idncafion.” a new
course. with two-hour credit, open to
juniors, seniors. and graduate students.

“the dcvelopiiie'it of the education
department." l’reideiit ltrnbacher ex-
plained, "is in get in line with the rc-t
quests of the state education department
Due to lack of instructors we liaie‘,
hitherto been obliged to omit thesei
courses. The psycholooy course hours,
will he cut to onedialf the present mun-i
her by elimination of most of the physi-‘
ologieal elements of the course. Educa-
tional psychology will he stressed more
than at present in the course"

Juniors who have not already elected
library science will not be able to do‘y
so. Mr. llrtibatihcr said. Due to thei
legislature's failure to appropriate lliL‘l
funds, the number of students who can,
take the course must be cut (lo\\’ll.i
Senior students who have begun the1
work will be allowed to continue, but,
the subjects outlined in the catalogue as]

 

 

 

gripen to all upper classineu must he re-

.
fns’cd them. ,

Education 7. the social devel-pment:
and the social nature of the child. willf
include study of education for life in ill
social environment. Some of the sub-i
iects to be considered are social instincts]
and capacities, socia development,
llerll"ll social experience. and the rcla-l
lion of social traininLr and ability to suc~ t
cess and life.

 

Dean Pierce

ENGLISH

The [English department has a three-
fold aim: to teach its students to know
and appreciate literature of all kinds
and types, to represent literature in
declamation and dramatization, and to
create literature in public speech and
in writing.

Strt

 

es of the unions authors and tie
customs of the people to the produc-
tions, lileclive courses in the study of

<

's is laid not only on the litera-‘
tiire itself, but also in relating the i work

i

i

 

39:11? Meter: .

PHYSICS

The courses n the department of
Physics are d signed to develop hide-
pendent and rigid thinking on the part
of the student. To this end considerable
work has been done in the development
of \virele s iii connection with the
Physics department. A wireless station
is maintained where individual stude'it
may be done. The various hook—
tips can llt. ‘ tilicd and an opportunity is
given to set up the unions sets and test

 

    

 

 

.r
3‘:

Shak speare's plays, language, lttltlilllclll in actual practice.

stage conventions, in modern verse, and
biography, augment the development
of the taste of the student for worth~
while work. This year the department
is offering for the first time a course
presenting the masterpieces of English
literature to the general r -ar|cr,

Students interested in original liter-
ary production are offered a course
in advanced composition as well as a
course in short story writing and criti-
cisms. The Leah Lovcnlieini prize ‘
English encourages work along this
line,

Oral English is a valued part of the
work of this department. To increase
interest in the course in this subject,
which all freshmen are required to
take, the president each year offers a
prize for a sp iking contest to be held
' May. Besides the required courses.
instruction in draniaties. modern
drama, aiid play production is given.
Thus the interested student may learn
the technique of choosing, casting. and
directing plays. The students of the
elementary course take part in three
one-act plays presented at the comple-
tion of their course, and frequently are
given roles in the one-act plays, di-
vector] by students of the advanced
course, which are presented through-
"Hi the college year.

A full-length play, directed by Miss
Agnes E. l7iitterer, the instructor. is
nted by this class in May.
’ay this year is to be Owen Davis’s
‘lct-bound." a play that has won the
Pulitzer prize. The production will
be given tomorrow night in the Vin-
ccntiaii Institute,

The students

 

 

a

 

.r
7:

 

participating are

lchosen for their recognized dramatic

'll)llll,\' and aptitude for advancement in
lramatic work.

Next vear the Advanced Dramatics
class will visit New York and attend
the best current productions.

l

i
i
t
f
t

 

 

Besides the various exp .ntal st'ls
used in the laboratory, there i. in opt
tioii an excellent vacuum tube r I\
set which, when used in vonoet. ion will]
the loud speaker. ina ' it possi to r--
ccivc pt‘ugl‘tlttls from a Liollsitlcralilc dis-
taiice.

Two more courses have been added to
those at present offered by the ilvpai't—
inent: a course in elementary phy: s
and one in general . t‘llt . The pur-
pose of the latter rour to promote
niulcrstanding of her 's it appears iii
environment, partict |y physical st'l:
eiice. The course is for the benefit of
stiidenls presenting only biological sri-
cnce for entrance.

 

    

 

 

  

 

 

     

 

BIOLOGY

The work of the department includes
courses in evolution and physiography.
These last courses, embracing the siib~
iccts of geoloty. mineralov) and mete—
rology, are deservedly popi M with all
students, both inside and outside the dcr
partnient. This year two field courses
have been given, one by llr. l)tlllL
the identification of trees and shrubs, and
one by Professor Clifford A. Woodard
in practical biology. including a study of
nlant and animal characteristics, .\
Biology Club has been formed with the
object of taking ﬁeld trips and creatink’
an interest in the plant and animal life
found around Albany.

The Courses in this subject are in<
tended to give the student the fundamen-
tal principles of biological scic‘icc and
methods of scientific procedure. The ele—
mentary courses stress the acquireincnt
of an open mind. a keen observation. and
'1 related and general knowleilrre of liv-
ing things, so alike in their physiological
processes, but different in environment.
reactions, and form. The advanced
courses emphasize the detailed inform-
ational side.

 

 

GOVERNMENT

a

 

 

Social capacity, exueri-i The Government department aims to I and town government, with a detailed
uncle and ll‘lllllllttz{difﬁclot‘ﬁ m efﬁtcniucy  mm but (nu-time,” and “muqnfmmcd y sstndy ofCtlie governnileilit of Ifeiv York
ill 'l U ’ "I U ' ’ 5 ( lL'f . ~ - l ' . , .' ,' ' ' ‘ l .‘ L'l'lCil
‘\' t 1.] v"th , '5, “' .w u U iteachcrs of ./\nicric.'in Gov 'imient wliof I‘m}. 0”““.“” “nil. "“ 1 my ,-
r ttentiou wil ic gitcu gioiin “'(lllh , . , . _ . , fund lLiiglaud is considered. and [)I‘lIiLl-
school discqihne as a factor in soctal W‘” “ill in “‘0 “ll-Ill Stilt”? I” “ﬁlthy-dos of pnlilical s . 'l' discussed.
training. moral training as a ihasc of mg and develo img better citizens. The , A seminar in "overnmcnt and tails“-
. ~ . . - . "' .

social education. and the role of lllllllt' % courses include a study of the funda- tntional l story trains the student to
tion in the child's growth and t'tltl‘illl‘ll t mental principles of slate. city. county, . do liistorital re arch.

To accelerate general inte st in the
customs and social life of (astile and
Pan-America, the Spanish Club gives a
:‘ carnival each year. lfere, in the spirit.
of old Madrid. the dancc's ( Spain, the
bull holds. and typical street scenes are
cii:.cfi”l ,

 

 

 

   
     

 

 

   

     

