State College

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OF l9l6

'  ‘aggwg‘ja’;iy;. noy’rinaian 7, 'i924

VOL ix 

STATE Loses l
TO UNION;

—~— t

Purple and 601d t
Fight Gallantlyl

State. College by a score of 3-H) lostl
in the fourth game of the ' ' son to tliel
freshmen of Union on Alt. Width
of Schenectady Saturday afternoon. ‘

Union opened the game by hi *ing the
ball to State's five yard line where Sage
recovering the ball ran it back to the
lifteen yard line. State on the fourth
down kicked to Union's forty-live yard
line. lllll an attempted llt'ltl goal was
blocked by Union. l\l the beginning of
the second quarter Union by a success-
ftil pass scored a touchdown. 'l‘hns env
forward

1 nder

couraged L'nion tried another
pass and again they scored.
The second half l'nion kicked the hall
to the forty yard line. The freslnnen
soon after were penalized twenty yards.
Surrounded by three lluion mcII. llon-
nclv lt'tlpillu into lllt‘ air received a I‘orv
wt it several yards and was
tackled. ate now gained twenty yards,
Union intercepted a pass by State and
ran thirty yards for a touchdown. .\
kick off by Union made possible for
them another touchdown. State though
completing a forward [L'le in the third
ipiartcr was blocked, and l'nion inter-
cepting a forward pass again scored.
The entire game was character ed by
the superior aerial attack of the fresh-
lllt‘llt State excelled in line plunging but
it could not compete in forward passes
with the specially trained men of lllli(lll._
The, line up:
Union I’im‘ilion
Walker . . . . . . . ..l\’. [5
Adams  . .. ’
ltrodman  .
Ale-tides . , l . i . . “L1
l’l'lllSUll .. ..l.. (3.. (lainor
Winter . . . . i . . .. L. . . . . . . ..l\tiezinski
Stewart ,.. ..L. lC . . . . . . . . .Hornnng
Hyland . . . . . . . H“. l3 . . . . . . . . . . . .t‘rane
Dennis  . . .. ‘. H. ll. .. . .t‘antwell‘
Kitchng  L. H. B . . . i . . ..Nephew
Foly.,....,,...F.fi . , . .  agel
Score by periods:
Union . . . . . . . . ,
State . . . . . . . . .. U
.S'Ioiiinm'y

Sldlt‘

. .llonnely
.t'rawi‘ord
. . . . . . . . . . ,Jenscn

. . . . . , . . . , . Roberts

0 20—34l
o (l— 0;

.v‘ - I
Tonehdowns — [’lyland, l\ltt:lllllg,\

Substitutions: Union j
Winter; Lewis for
for Gregory: Blair for‘
Walker; Davis for Hanson. State—
Gilchrist for Nephew; Dobris for
Gainor; [ohnson for Cantwell. Ofﬁcials
—Referec, Htiinphries; lincsintui, Haul)-
ner. Time of ﬁrst half quarters 12 inin~
utes, of second half l5 minutes.

Mendes, Adams
——Gregory for
Stewart; Miller

i tcctl

i for the Republican party

‘stylcd Senator La l’ollette a

 

r

 

. . .
Ktrtland Exhibit  State on Broadway
Ends To-MorrowiCollege Shares Honor

’l‘lie majestic ocean, nature in her joy- .
fiil and her pensive moods, and a few
portraits of favorite faculty have all been
(ill display this last week in the rotunda
and lower lialli l’rofessor lt'irtland
surely deserves commemlatiou for his
work.

The exhibition consists of
l\'irtland's favorite prints for the last lit-
years. The ocean views. sliowingf
the aftermath of the heavy tropical l
storms, are those made during September. 
lull. The local studies are taken froni‘
set-lies in the Adirondacks. t‘atskills.
(irccn Mountains, and the iivcr valleys
and lakes of t'apilol District. The color
studies are all in oil pigments guaranteed,
by the produce ' to be absolutely perma— j
in-nt. The blot t and white prints are on 
the finest grade of carbon lililt'h' paper.

The display will close to—niorrow and‘
it will be the last time students and‘,
teachers will have the opportunity to but"L
them at these prices; mrhon-blac rane- l
in}; from one to two dollars; permanent l
oils from two-fifty to seven—fifty. Mini
Kirtland will have a window display at
\'int's Art Store all next week where his
pictures will be on sale.

All Sides—DEi—ended;
S. C. Orators Declaim, Wk.

llcmopllicnes, Patrick Henry. and  Last year she tried out at \\t}\', Sche-
l‘ortia held the stage at assembly last ‘ nt‘i‘lllily, "mi “35 gm.” ti“. mp. “f
liridayi As lJemopthenes, Vlerome “ ,\'ei'issa " in “ The Merchant
\\'alkcr. '35. I'ClH'L’SCIIICd the Democratic; \'enice. ller musical voice and stage
party; Miss listlier Miller, '33, was lhi'tzilcnt won her a place in the company
I r"l~'”~-"-",‘E W”) 5 12”“, “I 1‘1“ '” , Later she was made leading lady Since
lnckett, 23, was a MA I. llenry .
' March she has been ln'oadcastmg plays

Ml. Walker spoke t“ m, -» “Hellman ‘ regularly She has received many letters
' he declared. Miss Millt'l'qu praise from radio fans.
" ‘| _ y i u
‘ , ‘llmli ‘1” .\ot long ago Max Marcni allowed his
obtrusive man. Mr. Jnckctt, Will] u so].  l | _ I _ I I" q _d l '
llrigadier-(leneral Dawes, thanked (rod . :"”L‘ V f: "‘ {wajl' c l-l
that "once in awhile the American peo- ‘ radio from \\ (A. Miss tireenherg

l’rofessor

 

lx'osaliiie (ii'i-i-nbcrg
it'onru-sy Albany l-lrenlnc Newt-i
.\ State t'ollcge girl is to have her
chance for the bright lights of llroadwayi
lx'osalint- (ii-i-eiiberg. '20. |ia~ been
offered the part of inidersludy to l~'lor:i
, Sheffield. ll. ll. Warner's leading lady in
“Silence " Max Marcin, its author.
."I‘iilenre" nill open next neck in New

by

of

audience,'

l

i play
ple have a chance to vote for a man like i played the leading part and Mr. Martin.
"..|"  .  . .,
(tilill(ll.,(,. ,‘ listening in, was pleased with her tll-t
l . .A , '
triide Olds, ’25. talked to the students;[Ulml‘u'ﬂi‘l ’

“as produced lll Albany lict
ing traditions. isonglit her at WHY. 'l‘here followed a
n lraditions are not made by com; _ matinee theme]. Wm), m u gimme, (mm.

l . I H . ‘ V. I ‘ . h l
Miss Oms declared. .. H were ,5 m) a“ ‘ nlnch Mr. Maicni made the deﬁnite i
spest inside the college, there \\‘lllAl)l3 none ‘ “Net
The respect you have for your i over her decision.
college is measured by your attitude} Rnszmnc Grccnbcrg mlmd 5mm (OH
.\ili5' Olds presented the matter in an , , , ‘

'mprcssive speech, which made everyone L'HVCVSHY- Sl‘C ﬁr“ (“59111le llt'r
think what his Alma Mater meant to j dramatic talent in college plays here.
up the problem of college loyalty and re- t. .1 .. , ,‘ . ‘

. en- |( (16 ) wY sl rvi.
spect, Slallllg’ that a college must have: 5' “i “l l 3' Kf‘SCl )n )lg’hcst
' has promised Miss Greenberg a
up among the worthwhile colleges and, place later, should she not decide to ac~

. . . . n t
univers‘ities of this country. l he speaker i gem the Offer to “micrsmdy in -i Spence."
frosli go nnpunislied when they see them

I . ti ’ . ' , V
doing wrong, and stated that they were, laugh: 1" Mild "1 New York «‘5 “

l"e\" us i - ol' lC'll s eeches Cerw . . ,
I m 1‘ [ht p n ‘ p ' ' (it the role. \Vlien,
and especially to the freshmen, concern- t ” SllL‘llCt‘
n .
mittees, they grow as the college growth
Miss Cireeiiherg is still debatiugi
outside. ‘
n | U ..) 
“mam h” “Minn” tlcg‘ as a sophomore from New Yorkl
him. During the talk, Miss Olds brought Cmsby Gage, the Producer of ’
inside respect before it can hold its head ) "Wl'v
' .  . ‘ ~ - ‘ r‘ . _ I
chided the upper classmcn Ioi lettnn, as“ eventually“, Rosanne smd mm a
as responsible as the wrong-drier. lchoriis girl—if as nothing else."

‘ game

‘ ll‘lL‘ll I
‘ Williams. llonacker, and Keeler.

fight) per year
BASKETB ' L
SCHE ’ I E
Freshmen to Play?
At Rensselaer High

State College for 'l ichers' basketball
team will play home games in the college
gynniasium this year, the athletic man-
agement has decided. First practice he-
gan this w with about fifteen men out
or the varsity. (.aptain John tiainor
had charge

It was decided not to use the state
armory on Washington avenue for games.
There will be about seven home contests
this year, the first with Union (‘ollegc
varsity December ti. Until then the men
\thl have regular practice and it is ex-

l peeled the team will be fully ready for

the opening tilt.
l’i‘actire was originally scheduled to

‘ begin later in the fall, biil cancellation oI
illlt' Manhattan football game by Man-

hattan niaile room for it.

State (‘ollcge's newly organized fresh-
man basketball team will play the lirst
of its season to-inorrow night
against h'ensselacr High School's varsity
at lx'ensselaer. A large contingent of
freshmen rooters is expected to accom—
pany the class team.

The team was organived this week and
conducted ﬁrst practice Monday. l‘resi<
dent t.'larence Nephew of '28 has been
chosen captain. Harry Briggs is mana-
ger. llesides Nephew, these men are ex-
pected to start the gamc to-inorrow night:
'l‘ony l\'nczynski, who played with win-
niner .\lhany amateur teams; Howard
fiolf; Jack llohris, former V. M. lT /\.
player; Alexander llryant, Athens High
.‘-'ehool player- and l’rancis firillin, ltriar~
c \‘lanor High School. Nephew is a
former Re . aer High player.

The High School team will start these
lirnso, captain; Dronner, Spath,

'l‘lie freshmen expect to schedule games

with other vicinity high school varsities.

FOOTBALL GAME CANCELLED

The football game with Manhattan Col-
lege at New York, scheduled for to-
morrow, has been cancelled by Manhat-
tan. Manager Stephen Merritt, announced
yesterday. No substitute contest has been
arranged and the team will be idle to~
morrow afternoon for the ﬁrst Saturday
since the season began.

No reason was assigned by Manhattan
for the cancellation.

A week from to—morrow the season will
close with the team plaviiiq at home
against the varsity of Springﬁeld Y. M.
(Z A. College. probably the strongest out-
fit on this year's schedule. The game
will take place at Ridgeﬁcld park. This
week practice went on at Beverivyek
park.

 

ORDER AHEAD
Mother Hubbard went to the
cupboard
To get her daughter a " Pad,“
lint when she got there the cupboard
was 6
’Cause she hadn't ordered alieml.

Old

 

 

 

 

