 

ion
the
Crll
:iys
:lte
:lla
eh,
use
ru~

 

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS, MAY 8, 1925

 

Page Three

 

Faculty Fer Summer
Sessions Announced

iThe ninth annual summer session of
State College, bringing to Albany be-
tween  and l,000 public school faculty
members, will be July 6 to August 17,
according to announcement by President
A. R. Brubacher. Professor Winfred
C. Decker, head of the German depart-
ment, will be director of the six-weeks‘
session.

A part of the regular session faculty
Wlll give courses at the summer school.
These «teachers will be supplemented by
more-titan a score of other instructors.
The course will be open to college gradu-
ates who are working for advanced de-
grees for a college graduate's profes—
sional teaching certiﬁcate, superintendents
and high school principals, high school
and grammar school teachers, and un-
dergraduatcs in limited numbers. Special
courses in music and music teaching are
to he offered. Regular college credit
leading to degrees is given for all
courses.

President llriihachcr announced the
Summer School faculty as follows:
l-larry Birchenough, professor of mathe-
matics; David Hutchison, professor of
government; A. A. Walker, professor of
economics and sociology; Clifford A.
Woodward, professor of biology; George
M. York, professor of commerce; Miss
Charlotte Loeb, professor of French;
Adun'a’W. Risley, professor of history;
Richmond. H. Kirtland, professor of
English; ‘Dr. George M. o'nwe'll. as-
Sistant professor of mathematics: C. _.
Halley, assistant professor ofwhistory;
Joseph V. De Porte;l.assistaiit professor
(it"Amathcinatics; 'Miss, Mary E. Cobb,
librarian an'd instructor in’ library inan-
ageinent;_Miss Blanche M. Avery, iii-
stignctor in commercial education; T.
Frederick H. Candlyn, instructor in
music: _ .

I The visiting instructors will be: Julius
S. ‘Kiiigsley professor of secondary edu-
cation at Middlcbury Collette; Frank W.
Cady, professor of English at Middle-
biiry Collette; Granville'll. Jeffers. as-
sistant superintendent of schools Sche-
nectady; H. ard -McGraw, Enulish
department, Plattsbnrg High S"llnnl;
Caroline A. Whipple, supervisor of im—
migrant education State Education De-
partment; Chester J Terrill. head com-1
mercial department, Albany .l-ligh
School; William C. Thompson head of
commerctal teacher training depart-
mcnt. li’lattshnri.y State Normal School;
Clyde 0; Thompson, principal of the
(nmmercml fli‘h S’hotil'. Mt. Vernon:
Charles M. Smith. co-nrdinator and em»
ployment director. New York city
schools; M. H. Rigelow, head of com-
merctal department Atlantic Citv Hl"ll
School; Estelle H. Hunter; John S. Bru-
bachcr. instructor in education. Dart-
mouth Universitv: Dr. Warren W. Coxc
and Jacob S. Orlcan of the bureau of
educational measurements. State Educa-
tion Department; Amalie Knobel; lamcs

. Welles, superintendent of schools.
Roslyn, gong-Island; Thomas M. Muir.
Cincinnati; Ray L. Hartley, director of
High School music Binehamton; Anne
E. _Gardn_er, assistant supervisor of
undue. Albany: Charlotte Roberts: Kate
L, Kearley, H. A. Spencer, and Alfred

en.

E: Gib
“also BANQUET pos'rpoueo

The annual Pcdaeognc banquet ar-
ranged for May “will be postponed due
to the unavoidable delay in piibliration
which developed this week. ’

‘r

 

 

CLASS ELECTIONS

The following are the junior elections
for 1925-26: President, Niles llaiglit;
vice~president (revote), Eleanor Callery,
chma German; secretary, Hilda Kliitk-
hart; treasurer, Helen Elliott; reporter,
Olga Hampel; cheer leader,, Jeanetta
Wright; sung leader, Mary Flanigan;
finance board member (rcvote), Mary
Flanigau, Miriam Snow; manager girls’
athletics (revotc), Elizabeth Milinine,
Mildred Loman; manager men's athletiCs.
Marion Landon; ‘G. A. A. Council meni-
her, Margaret Benjamin; Men‘s Athletic
Council member, Harold lt'ergiisoii; edi-
tor-in-chicf of Pctlagogiic (revotc), M in-
nie (ireeuway, Marion Chcsebrongh:
business manager, Carolyn Coleman.

The sophomore elections for 1925-26
are: l'resident. l\'lllll Einpie; vice-presi-
dent (revotc). Melanie (iranl, llertlia
Zzijan; secretary (t‘evole), Julia Fay.
Ruth Coo, Mary Neville; treasurer (re—
votc), Myra Hartman, Helen Darn; re—
porter, Lillian lliicll; manager giris'
athletics, Ethel Bulimia; (E. A. A. Coun-
cil member (re-vote), Helen 'l‘ninpkins.
(icrtl'udc Swettmau; song leader (re—
vote), Ruth Lemmle, Melanie Grant;
men‘s athletics manager, Edwin Van
Kleeek; Men's Athletic Council member,
llarold l’eri‘y; finance board member
(rcvote), llntli Cue, Ruth McNutt; cheer
leader, llertha Zajan.

The following otlicers have been
elected by the freshman class for the
caning year: President trcvote), Griﬁiii,
Kelley; vice-president (rcvnte), liills,
Walker; secretary (revotc), Wheeler.
Leicester; treasurer (revote), Stouten-
burgh, jcnsen; finance board (revotc),
Erlich, Vqu Emburgli; ('1. A. A. Council
(revote), Strong, Stoutenbnrgh; man-
ager girls’ athletics (revote), Rowland
Lee; reporter (revote), Briggs. Watts;
cheer leader. Margery Young; song
'cader, Dorothy Rabic; Men’s Athletic
Council, Clarence Nephew; manager
men's athletics, Howard Goff.

STUDENT noninanons

Names of student association oﬁicers
chosen by a vote conducted last Friday
will not be divulged until May 15, when
the winners will be announced in the
Moving-Up Day program.

The annual contests for college song
and cheer leaders were conducted pre-
vious to the voting. Those who tried
out for song leader and the songs they led
were: Mary Flanirran, '26, “Football
Song"; Marion M O’Connor, ’26, "Life
ls Very Different"; Melanie Grant. '27.
“ivy Song"; Ruth lemmlc. ‘27. “Solo-
mon Levi”; Clara “away. ’28, “HI Take
a Box of Hiiyler's Chocolatc:"; Mary
Lee 23. “N. Y. S. C. T." Those who
lead cheers were leanett" Wri'rht '26.
'Cthel TliiBois, ’27. and Dorothy Row-
land, ’28.

G. A. A. ELECTIONS

As a result of the spring election
Lnre"a M. Shaffer. '26. will preside as
president over "i. A. A. activities dur-
ing 1925-26. The other ofﬁcers are:
Vice-president, Jeanetta Wright '26; sec—
retary. Ethel Diil'lois, ’27; treasurer.
Bertha Zajan, '27. and cheer leader
Gertrude Swettmann, ' .

G. A. A. activities for this month will
include ﬁnals of the tennis tournament.
swimming meet. Moving-Up Dav. track
meet, and the animal Indian Ladder bike.
The date of the latter event is set for
May 22-23. it will take the form of an
overnight camp with councillors, direc-
tor. and physician. Classes in poncho-
rcl'iug will be held in the gym before tlr
hike.

 

 

l

POLL SCI. BANQUET

At the regular meeting of Political
Science club, 'l‘iicsday, April 28, nomina-
tions were made for next year’s officers.
lior president, the nominees were l-lelen
Arthur, Esther jansen, and Mary Swart;
first vice-president. Louise Gun", Marcia
Chatfteld and Esther Sherman; second
vice-president, Marion O‘Connor, Esther
.IﬂllSL‘ll and Ella (it‘ccnway; secretary—
treasiirer, Kenneth Macli‘arlaud, Hilda
Klinlrhart and Esther Morris; reporter,
Helen Zimmerman and llnris Youngs.
Elections will take place 'l‘uesday, May
l2.

Political Science Club is planning a
banquet for Wednesday, May 13, Mary
Swart is head of the program committee,
and Ella (irccnway has charge of the
arrangements.

SILVER BAY

“Are you going to Silver llay?" is
almost as frequent a question these (lays
as "Are you going to the (To-op?" The
college delegation for the Lake George
Y. W. student conference this spring has
not yet been completed. Any student
interested should sign on the Y. W. bulle-
tin buard whether or not she is certain
of going. Miss Cobb has accepted the in-
vitation as one of the faculty chapcroncs.
Other chaperones will be announced later.

ALUMNI TO MEET

Alumni are conducting their annual
branch iiicctiligs throughout the state this
month to elect tiliicers for next year.

The nominating committee is Helen
Odell, '13, chairman; Bertha li‘raser
l’ainc, ’92, and George Davidson, 'Zl
Mary Van Arsdale, '95, is president of
the association now; Mabel Wood, '13.
is vice-president, and Miss Anne Cush-
iug, '90, of the faculty is treasurer.

MILNE HIGH CALENDAR

Numerous events are scheduled for
the Milne High calendar for the re
mainder of the year. A special program
for Girls' Day, May 14, has been pre—
pared iinder the direction of Quintillian
and Sigma sororities. On May 22 in
chapel, eight speakers will contest for
the Robert C. Pruin medal, given _an-
nually for the best memorized selection.
The contestants this year are: llertlia
Post, Arvillc Colscn, Jean Gillespie, Ger-
aldine Griﬂ‘en, Millard Nehemiah, George
Iones, Willis McKinney and Edmund Os-
borne. Class Day exercises take place on
lune l9 and Commencement is June 22.
The date for the annual Millie lliuh out-
ing to Kingston Point is as yet undecided.

BY WOMEN ONLY

Women only will contribute to the May
issue of the New York State Education.
\ffi'ial or' an of the State Teachers' As—
nciation. rhich is edited in Albany by
r‘rmei- “can Harlan H. Horner, state
ﬁeld secretary. Announcement to this
effect api‘ears in the current number,
“Ne-t a line” says the announcement.
"will be written by a mere man," adding,
"it nreini'ses to be a very interesting
number."

MILLS 'ART PRESS C

an
European Tours

New York Unive‘rsigy‘idzghliiibeyatinu
with the School of liora'iti'ﬂ‘i'fivélralucq
New York City, will off h‘tt number:qu
summer European tours to studentsland
teachers who wish to Visit Enropd‘rfoi;
intensive field study. These 'tours ai’d'ﬂ

also open to men and Women who desire .;.’ ,

expert guidance and educational benefit "' ,*

derived from the lectures given by the
professors in charge, but who are not in-
terested in college credits. ln price. the
tours are planned to meet the require-
ments of students. The exclusive use of
accommodations in the S. S. “Ordnna”
and the S. S. “Orbita” has been obtained
while clutperonage is provided by lilv
appointment of a counsellor of wmncn
—in many cases- the wife of the professor
giving the enurse-fur t‘acii tour.
Students may make arrangements with
New York University for College Credit.
registration being allowed for two
courses up to a maximum of eight ll’hlll‘S.
Students dcsirin-r these credits will be
required to complete the assigned studios
and pass a final cxtlmiualimi. 'l'iu- list
of tours includes a French rvsitlenlial
tour with residence in (in-noble, France;
a German residential tour with residence
in Munich; a general English tour; an
linelisli industrial tout“ a tour of
northern Europe and Scandinavia; :1
continental European tour; a tour of
southeastern Europe; a hiking trip for
men llirouuh France, Switzerland, Cirr-
lilack For -- and.
interest

 

many and the
lastly. a tour of plthes of class
in (il‘L‘C‘C and ltaly.

MUSIC COUNCIL CHOSEN

Next year's Music Council was ('llnSCll
'I‘hursday, April 30 at the meeting of
Music Club The three present juniors
'n the council were retained for next
vcar; "'hyt'a lie Vict‘, Marion O'Connor
'llll llelcn Artlnlr. Nettie Gilbert and
‘Villnrd lx'elall'ck were chosen from the
ophi mare class.

NASSAU SCOUTS MEET

Mics 'I‘alinnd'ze, president of the Al-
'm"_v Sc ‘lll Lcadcrs' Association, spoke at
-. "booster" meeting and dinner held by
llC Nassau Scouts recently. Miss 'l'al-
nad e urged the scouts to interest their
"others and mothers whom she termed
be best Scouts of all, in the program of
work and recreation iiprm which the
c. Iit idea is based. Elizabeth liendcr,
'27, of ilie citizen troop. gave a program
~f ll"“‘lC calls as the filial event of the
evening,

NEWMAN PILGRIMAGE

The second annual Newman Club Pil-
rimage 2., ti e Shrine of Our Lady of
‘lartyrs at Aiii'icsvillc will be held on
Sunday May 17. This event is one n
{he most impressive religious events iii-
cluded in the club activities. Newinanitcs
are urued to sign up as soon as possible
for the Pilgrimatrc on the Newman bul—

 

 

 

letin board. The retreat is scheduled for
‘hc week-cud of May 22--..

 

394-396 Broadway. Albany, N. Y.

Printer: of State College
News

PRINT

Special Attention Given
Societv Work

lNG

 

