‘r I

 

“quasaaxaeﬁwmmw. ..

 

MEMBERS OF 1924 RED
CONTRIBUTE TO FUND
FOR RESIDENCE HALL

'l‘he l‘)21l l‘edagoune lioartl has made
a gift to the residence hall fund.
live'yn 'l‘, butcher. '14, business manager
of the board. wrote. “With the year'si
itltert'rt. \"t' have left in the treasury of
the 1924 l'edatu'tue hoard. $301."). and
tlte llltflttl"l‘s of the board are pleased
to contribute that amount to the resiv
deuce hall fund.”

\V. S. 'l'wicbell, '8‘). chairman of the
"Out of .‘itate Alumni" (luring the re 3'
newal campaign for funds for the eii'lsl
residence hall, has written to the Resi-
(lent‘c Hall ex nnnittee:

"I congratulate you on the amount of
money pled“ed for the building fund to;
(late. if it is your wish, I shall he gladl
to continue the Work of the ()nt-otlState‘
committee for a year or two. l should
like very much to make a good job nl
it if possible." i

m.  v... ‘
FRANCES THOMPSON, ’24, l
MARRIES WHILE ABROADi

Frances l). 'l'hoinpson, '25. became thel
bride of Wadsworth Garﬁeld, also of
Schenertatly, September l7, at Paris.
according to :umouucements received int
Albany. The civil marriaue took placel
in the Iuairie of the ﬁfth arromlisssement. .
The religious. ceremony was performedl
in the Church of St. Metlard. 'I'lu-
attendants uere Miss Margaret Kelly oft
San Francisco and Dr. Jean Louis llrinr
damour ul Holynke, Mass.

Mr. and Mrs. (iarﬁeld leit Paris for
the Riviera, where they will pass several
weeks. After a trip through Switzer-
land, ltaly and Germany, they will}
return to l'aris to live. 5

During the year, Mrs. Garﬁeld will
continue her studies at the Sorhannc.
l‘aris.

 

JUNIOR GIRLS DANCE
IN CHORUS OF IRENE 3

Being a chorus girl isn't all they're:
wont to say it is, and as far as Mel-.
anie Grant, '27, and llertha Zajan, '27.?
who played this summer in the eltortts‘
of "Irene" at the Capitol, are con—t
cerned, they'll remain in school.

Chorus work is great lor a week or:
two and they wouldn't have llllSSL'lll
the ‘ experience; everybndy's been
"awtnlly nice" to them and they've
learned backstage lore they'd other-.
wise lune missed. but when they
cash their pay check for what the.
chorus calls "thirty berries" Saturday}
night it marks "tiuish" so far as at
musical career is concerned. l

The two college girls, with a (cum
other Albany misses. were the onlyl
strictly local girls in “[rene's" chorus,
of eighteen. Busby Berkcly, the (ll-t
rector. picked them from a score of
would-be Gilda Grays.

“I’m glad we got the jobs," Miss
Grant said, “but one week of rehearsal
and one of playing was enough.

" c sangr and danced in rehearsal
on an average of six hours a day."
she continued. “Some nights we
didn't leave the theatre until 2 o'clock,
in the morning. Then it was back
again twinre noon for morning re-
hearsal.”

H'I‘A'l‘l'} (YttlilJ'Itl '7 NEWS. NOVEMBER .‘t, Itt'Ji'n

Cafeteria Feeding Five Hundred Students Daily;
Soups, Sandwiches, and Salads Most Popular Dishes

This year the cafeteria is supplying best

live hundred persons with food daily.
according to ﬁgures prepared by Miss
Laura li. 'l‘hompson. tnana'ct‘.
is a slight increase over the number
led last _\' r

 

 

 

“"5 Suggestions for lightening: congestion

Soup leads as the rule s been aslml.

J’ .
’92,
EXHIBIT Sgt), MAPS

'l‘hc Dramatics attd {its association

Page Threc

seller. while saudwieln-s and “‘f "WWW “lllblls r bi‘czjycar-
salads roan: next in popularity. Miss Ila-inc has ~t} 5a,;m,’ at
About live lunult'ed sandwtches are ‘ \ -~

ttt'dsqtte "qu
v - I 1' . I1
maps, nruunal engravtngsnﬁne 1F)"ch
. ‘ “I
and Color, dating as early as 1511, “32" ,r
V O ['1
M.  . ,, ,, ,,,,, ..   .......___ If,
» t y . A <

'(llISllllH’tl daily. Miss 'l‘honutson said. l"”"'”‘ "n “Xl'll’ll 0f

'ntnl olts during lunch hour have

   

 

In an isolated region, almost inaccessible

in winter, this 6500 h.p.

 

plant located on the Decrﬁeld River in New

hydro-electric

 

England, starts, protects, and stops itself.

A Self—Starting Power Plant

The General Electric Company
has developed generating and
transmitting equipment step
by step with the demand for
( lectricpower. Alreadyelectric-
iry at: 220,000 volts is trans-
mitted over a distance of 270
miles. And G-E engineers, ever
looking forward, are now
experimenting With voltages
cxceeding a million.

 

A new series of CrE advertise-
ments showing what electricity
is doing in many ﬁelds will be
sent on request. Ask for
booklet GEK-l.

GENERAL ELECT

NEW

GENERAL ELECTRIC

Dawn~the slumbering city awakens and calls for
electric current. Many miles away the call is
answered. A penstock opens automatically, releas-
ing impounded waters; a water turbine goes to
work, driving a generator; and electric current is.
soon ﬂowing through wires over the many miles to
the city. This plant starts and runs itself.

Power plants with automatic control are, now
installed on isolated mountain streams. Starting
and stopping, generating to a set capacity, shut-
ting down for hot bearings and windings, gauging
available water supply, they run themselves with
uncanny precision.

Thus another milestone has been reached in the
eneration of electric power. And with present-day

achievements in power transmission, electricity

generated anywhere may be applied everywhere.

The non-technical graduate need not know Where
electricity comes from——nor eVen how it works.
But he should know what electricity can do for
him no matter what vocation he selects.

5.10an

.«f

COMPANY, SCHENECTADY, YOl-‘SK

 

