 

 
  

    
     
       
       
          
       
 
            
       
       
     
        
     
       
       
     
        
         
   
      
    
      
    
     
      
      
         
         
     
       
       
      
        
       
     
        
        
      
       
      
       

      
       
     
        
        
      
       
        

   

VOL. ix No. i3

BILL TO BE

PRESENTED

Appropritj—t—tE Of

$900,000 Sought

State's needs will again occupy the
[.cgis‘ature when Dr. Brnbachcr pre-
sents the bill. entailing an appropria-
tion of 5900.000 for the erection of

additional buildings on the lot between
the college and Albany High. which
is now being prepared. This bill is

substantially the same as that pre-
sented last year and which t'as re-X
ported favorably out- of the liiiianeet
Committee on the last legislative day.1

and failed of passage in the linal jani.

Plans and specifications have been
compiled by the State Architect and
are now in the hands of the college's

attorney preparatory to the letting oft

the contracts.

At the meeting of the Academic:
Principals’ Association, held at Syraw

cuse, December 29. 30. and 31. a propu-
sition was presented by Dr. Burdge.
of the Frecdonian Normal School.
favoring a radical Change in Regents
examinations. This proposes that iii-
stead of having a fixed passing grade
for pupils there shall be a fixed per-
centage of those that shall fail. thus
the passing grade will dillcr‘depeudiug

on the year 5 average work. The niat—‘

ter‘ has been referred to a committee
for a year's investigation. Professor
Sayles is a member of this committee.

Dr. Brubachcr is planning to invite
all high school principals and teachers
of the counties of Fulton. Mont-
gnmcry, Seenectady, Saratoga, War-
ren. Washington, Renssclaer. Colum-
bia, Greene. Albany, Schoharie. Otscgu.
Ulster. Dutchcss. Hamilton. Essex,
Clinton. Franklin. and Delaware. to a

round table conference at State Col»

lcg’e about the middle of March.

Dr. Bruhacher addressed the teach-
ers of Scotia. Monday, January l2. He
will speak to the Schoolinastcrs' Club
of the Highlands, meeting at New-
burgh, February 6.

Phenomgcrnﬂ Of A

Lifetime Jan.  Vincent Millay; “The

State College "

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLtz-HED BY THE CLASS or I9ts

m ALBANY, NtiTJAﬂliﬁlﬂlgvl‘ﬂB
Dramatics Class Will Play To Packed

Miss Agnes E.

F utterer,

 

who will direct '
the
presentation

of

l
t
l

three one-act
plays
tomorrow night at

i the \ incentian

i Institute

y

 

 

\

-~......._....
it’fniirIi-sy Albany l-lveuln'; Xeirsr

i The annual January presentation of then said [lilill everything was ready
three one-act days by the elementarv "”' “‘0 1"“ WHO”

Idrainaties L‘l’ls'ls tinder the direction rif‘ Mr’ Lamlly“ “may mmmmcw that
I , '  _,’ , .tlit-se students have been selected as
MISS Alum“ 12- “mm” WI“ h“ ‘0‘ members of the orchestra which \Vlll
niorrow evening at 8:15 o'clock in the y plav tomorrow night: Violins, Percy
I Viiicpntina Institute on the corner of; C. Briggs, Mary I". Wenetawowiez
I Madison avenue and Ontario street. ‘ Nettie Gilbert, M. \V Martin, helix
5 The advance seat sale for the playsi V. Festa, Joyce I’ersons. Esther
‘ ’s the largest on record and a ernwde ‘ Packard, Elizabeth A. Trowbridge,
i iouse is expected tomorrmv e\'cniug.i Ethel Pcrslr; mandolius, Arniinc Fos-
i’l‘ax tickets will admit all students to ier. Vera C. Rochefort. Mary Pier-
:lbe plays. Other persons will be‘pnnt‘. Edna Layton, Dorothy Hoyt.
‘ Charged sEvenly-live cents or one dol~ Esther Janssen. Martha Lomax;
‘lar. Holders of tax tickets may ex-i riolinccllo, Ruth Johnson; trombone.
change them for reserved 5 ll.‘ on lfarold F. May. Erwin J. Allen; alto
payment of twenty-five cents. burn, Seward F. Dodge: piano, Thyra

The three plays to be 'ven are, lie Vier.

"Aria tla Capo,“ written by [Edna 1‘
My Comes? he presented has been decided upon
Home.” by A, A. Milne, the distin— as follows: " The Boy Comes Home."

 

 

 

    

 

Tim-‘39 “'1‘” are KICSITUUS Di \VllnCSS‘i g'nished young English dramatist; and l “ Overtoues," “Aria (la Capo."

ing the total eclipse of the sun. Satur~
day; January 2-1. will be interested to

Al ‘ ‘
Overlones." by Alice Gerstenberg.
'1

The casts. chosen following several
receding and between the playm Weeks of tryouts. Will be these:

kilm" ‘i‘ill “30 iiL‘hi‘m‘WM 'ni SClUI‘Ct‘; the college ('irrhestra under the direc‘t “The Boy Comes Home”—

has conmiunicated with Professor
Bet : ”
vatory, signifying a wi‘line'ness to co—l
operate with him in hiring a special}
train to run to Saugerties. which is in
the path of totality. An assurance ofi
a place on the train may be made by‘
depositing $3.00 with either Professor
A. \\’on"ard. or Professor

Bronson. The cost of the trip is de-
pendent nn the number of people who
go. A're'und will be made in case
anv'considerable number of people go.
The train will leave regardless of
weather conditions. and will return to
Albany hetere'noon on Saturday.

  

lllIllI Boss 0! the Dudley 00501“: the music department will play.

tion of T. Frederick II. Candlyn ofi Aunt Emily...... ieorgin Dc ltfoeki'r

Mary O'I‘Iare

    
  

 

A number of alumni are iiicluiled‘hfrs. I‘Iiggi
among those who have reserde seats. Uncle JttIIlL
for the performance. Students from i Philip . . . . . . . ..
several nearby college dramatic clubs. “ Overtoucs"——
including those of Union College and ;\rfargaret .....Marion M. O'Connor
Russell Sage College are also mun-l Maggie  . . . . ...Etl|L‘l “island
hered among the audience. Reserva-i Harriet .
tions include also a maiority of thei Hattie.  
college faculty and the usual number“ “Aria da Capo"—
of Alhanv' residents. iCothcruus .........Isabcllc M. Plnde

Yesterday afternoon the casts con- 'I‘hvrsis  ....Margaret Hutchins
eluded practice with a dress rehearsal Corvdon .. ...........Riith Moore
under Miss Futterer’s instruction on Foliimbine . .....Madeline Hold
the Vincentian stage. Miss Futtcrer Pierrot  .........Anna Kol’f

 

 Niles Haight

. lwin Van Kleeck

I:

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

. . . \ .-:~'.’~1.«.4.t
.

 

New

House Tomorrow Night At Vincentian

The order in which the plays will;

.Frauces Price .

 

$3.00 per year

TEAM LOSES
ON N. Y. TRIP

’28 Pia§TsTVaterrord
Varsity vs. Jamaica

The Purple and Gold basketball
team returned from a disastrous New
York trip Sunday. Defeats by Seton
Hall. Pratt Institute, and Cooper
Union were met by the team which
was forced to make the trip without
the Services of Johnson, former cap-
taiu and guard. who has been ill three
weeks in the Albany hospital.

The Pratt game was the best of the
three tilts. State losing by only two
points, 23 to El. and trailing the op-
ponents closeiy throughout the game.
At half time the score was 13 to ii in
the Brooklyn team's favor. It was
Pratt's fourth straight victory, but its
closest win vet this season._

The Seton Hall game. played the
day after college reopened. showed the
,iieed of Johnson's services to round
out the team. The score was‘ 32 to 25.
Saturday night the Purple and Gold
played Cooper Union. the game end-
ing in a 32 to 27 score in the opponents’
.avor.

The freshmen men‘s basketball
team, victors in two of its three games
this season, will play Waterford High
School live Thursday night at Water—
ford in a return game. The freshmen
expect to take a large delegation of
yearling students along in the rooting
section and are discussing arrange-
ments for chartering a trolley car.

A whirlwind game is looked for in
the np-rhcr gym. The \Vaterford
outfit is thirsting for a chance to atone
for the 2.3 to 16 defeat administered
here last month and the freshmen are
determined to make it another win.
A preliminary will probably be ar-
ranged to the game between two
Waterford teams.

The freshmen will probably use the
same men they played here. Captain
Ncohew will be at the pivot position,
with Griffin and KllCZYI‘tskl‘aS for-
wards aud Goff and Dobris as guards.
\Vateriord's line-up, it is expected. will
be similar to that used here. Coach
I.owthcr of that school will not an-
nounce his players until just before the
game.

i Slate College's basketball team will
play the first of a series of seven home
igamcs tomorrow evenintr in the col-
lege gym with Jamaica Teachers from
{Long Island. The varsity. returned
tfrom its New York trip. will he in
l

l

 

top form for a :hm‘uc game and an-
other victory is looked forward to by
the fans.

} State’s probable line-up tomorrow
gnight will be this. Coach Baker nn<
inounccd yesterday: Knrzvnski and
{Hornuugn forwards; Gainor,» center;
fJuckctt and Nephew. guards. In re-

.. .Mildred \Vhitegivcrl serve the Coach will keep Gilchrist and
......Mary Flannigan.‘ Grifﬁn. . These men made the New

York trip.

No game has been booked for next
week because of mid—year examina~
tions. Saturdav evening of quior
Week. January 3|, the team will play
the Alumni here. 1  . Ian.

