 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MW"

Dian (111111232 New
mew W 135522.223...
Vol x — ll

 

Nov. 25, 1925 N

 

    

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York. x

The subscription rate is three dollars
per year. Advertising rates may be had
on application to the business manager.

 

Editor-in-Chief
HARRY S. GODFREY, ’26
Managing Editor
EDWIN VAN Korean, ’27
Business Manager
HELEN E. ELLIOTT, ’26
Subscription Manager
HELEN BARCLAY, '26
Copy Reader
MARGARET BENJAMIN, '26
Assistant Business Managers
MYRA HARTMAN, ‘27
HELEN ZinMcaMAN. '27
Assistant Subscription Manager
THELMA TEMPLE, ’27
Assistant Copy Reader
JULIA FAY, '27
Associate Editors
Sara Barkley, ’27 Louise Gunn, '27
Katharine Blenis,’27 Anna Koﬁ' '26
Joyce Persons, ’26
Reporters
Leah Cohen ElizabethMacMullcn
Thelma Brczce Lela Van Scliaick
Virginia Higgins Katherine Saxton
Adelaide Hollistcr Dorothy Watts
Elnah Kricg Bertha Zajan
AIM OF CRITICISM

Criticism given in a spirit of help-
fulness can work wonders; c 't' ‘sin
given simply for the sake of criti ing
can do untold harm. Tilt: tendency
to criticise is indeed a very human
one; it gives a vent for our grudges,
dislikes and disappointments; in this
sense it is often given thoughtlesst
and is frequently unmcrited.

What are the f‘tll cans '. the most
common causes for criticism? One
has alreme been given. On careful
thought it may be we can agree that
another is the presence of this same
fault which we see in others in our-
selves. To develop the habit of d"-
structivc criticism is to be avo'di-(l
and its place to be taken by the habit
of kind and friendly criticism given
rather as an aid than as a hindrance
and a destructive element.

With the giving of criticism should
also go a spirit of willingness to re-
ceive in return. Let us try to believe.
as often as it may be possible. that
criticism has been given with the
idea of helping us. If it was given
otherwise. we have inst nothing by
being unaware of the fact; we may
even have gained something. If it
was given in a true spirit of brotliir-
hood much has, witholit doubt, been
lost if we have let it go by unlit-cried.

Let us then
henceforth our criticism shall be help—
fill. that it shall be given in a sp'rit
of kindness, and that We will keep our
minds open to receive advice in return.

     
    
 

 

  

adopt the slogan that‘

 

S’I‘A'l‘lil COLLEGE VICWS. NOVEMBER 25, 1995

ALUMNI QUARTERLYFOR
NOVEMBER IN MAILS

The November issue of the Alumni
Quarterly, a publication which reaches
approximately one thousand alumni, is
being sent out this week. The, paper
was established in l9l9, and is published
in July, November, January, and Apri.
of each year. The present staff con—
sists of Mrs. Claude Bashiord, 'll.
editor-in-chief, Marian Dodds, '16, Mary
(irahn, ’21, Eunice Meyers, ‘21. and
Dorothy Fccncy Ryder, '16. associle
editors. The Quarterly contains a re»
port of the Residence Hall campaig
faculty changes, notes about vari,
members of the faculty, and nvc units n
important happenings in college, as well
as alumni news, thus keeping alum :i I
touch with the college as well as wi.
each other.

ATTEND CONVENTION

State College, an institutional incin-
ber of the association of colic'cs and
preparatory schools of the middle Ab
Iantic states and Maryland, will be
represented by the faculty :it the annual
meeting to be held at Columbia univer-
sity, November 27 and 28.

“CRIME TO WASTE HALF
HOURS," WRITER SAYS.
SPEAKING OF CHAPEL
To the Editor of the Stab: College News:
The new system of attendance at as-
sembly is an indication of a (listr 's‘I
trend in State College. Only occnssioii-
ally do we have anything worth listei-
ing to, and yet the edict has gone forth
that attendance shall be cniiipulsory fl '
every person. Even the “good” assem-
blies are of interest only to a compare
tively small number of peoplc‘they have
an attraction for those taking home
economics courses, for example, and fair
almost no one else in the collej‘e, ‘

   

I‘or
the rest, assemblies are a fearful waste
of time.

Now business is most jealous of its
time. The walls of a modern ol'ii'e 'I'
stuck full of signs to the discourayetncnl
of story-tellers and conversationalists.
We, too, are as rushed probably as the
average business man. yet time here
seems to have no value from eleven to
one on Fridays. Anywhere else it is
crime to waste the half-hours of a per-
son, but increase this by cicven hundred
1nd it becomes perfectly perm sable. ex-
id this extravagance through the years
and it becomes a hallowed tradition, to
no defended with life blood.

Perhaps we might be allowed a little
mathematical indulgence. Proposition:
to ﬁnd the timc actually wasted by c'-ll(:"e
assembly attendance. Given: one half-
hrinr waste per person, per week two
should say taken instead of given)
This time. 1100. equals 550 hours wasth
per week. Divide this by 56, the num—
ber of working hours in a week. and you
have about 10 weeks, multiply by 40 and
you have 400 weeks, divide by 52 and
y' n have about 8 years. We may safely
assume then that we pay for a year of
college assembly by eight years of time
from the college as a whole. Economy
is an interesting study . . .

If the faculty only realized what they
missed by not being included in the com—
pulsion of attendance. . . . May we
“'t”QCSt that for the good of their souls
they, too, be subjected to this form of
salvation. Let us request that the faulty
‘ie required to attend assembly—and we
w >nld soon have it a thing for history
and remincsccnce.

'27.

 

 

 

 

 

 

l BELlEVE lN HOBBIES

'l‘nn Niiws‘ SIGNED ARTICLE BY A FACUL 'l't' Nil-INNER is CoN'rinnU'ri-zii ’l‘iiis Wicmt
iiv

PROFESSOR R. H. KIHTLAND

 

 

I have been called into this court

own and operate six hobbies at once.

  
   

to explain what right any man lli’ to
Not guilty. your honor. Not szx at

once. but one at a time, to a total of six, without losing interest in any found

worth while.
forget arhutns or roses because chi-i

 

New friends do not break onc's loyalty to the old; we do not
' iiitlicmunis are here:

and ti fly years

make a long span. when one looks back: there has been time for more than
one conversion to work its way toward practice.

i am sorry to admit that i haven‘t tired a rifle this year. nor gathered a
mushroom. nor caught a bass: maybe tin-re will be another year: and anyway.

I'm glad I know how to do those thii
camped on the northern coast of Main . '
These things are no part tit my vocation: but

once more dabbling in oils.

int i have taken trout; I have
i have sung a few songs: and am

y.

 

they and my vocation are so luckily chosen tluit each of them re-cnforccs the
other.

Of course, if one doesn't believe in lrcatlth of interest rules for acquiring
hrcailth are wide of the mark. '
means of culture, prescriptions may hare \‘aillc.

personal conduct of hobby
l. After an honest d'

 

i‘.

Hut assuming that a well-chosen hobby is :1

Here are a few rules for the

s work. there is still time for other things worth

while: and it pays to give liotli jnit-rests their due.

2. Adopt no bobby which is thin in personal benelit,
igc stamps; radio surpasses coin collectng: chess

 

enormously richer than Hos
is a better game than solitaire.

Cameras are

3. When one hobby begins to wear thin. either in satisfaction or in cul-

tural value. it's time to annex another

A few are perennial.

Sonic last much longer than others.

4. One who dawilles at his work will have no time for worth while play,
At its best. friendship is glorious, but idle chatter is only a il’ssipniion

of energy and time.

(i. There are social demands which are best lllt'l w'tli a cmn‘li‘rnts no.
7. Young people can alTord to be patient. with life all ahead.

PICTURE OF DR. MILNE
SUGGESTED FOR HALL

I wonder if many of the students cvcr
glance at the pictures in the main hall of
the College. There is the inspiring
'iistinc Madonna, the goddess Selene,
moon goddess, of many myths and leg-
ends; the bronze doors of the Baptistry
at Florence by Lorenzo Ghiberto; the
twisted columns of the cloister at St.
lohn Laterno, one of the old churches in
Rome. Does anyone stop to think that
Michael Angelo said the bronze doors
of the Itaptistry were beautiful enough
to be the gates of Paradise; or does any-
one ever examine the perfect, intricate
workmanship of the twisted columns?

Surely, it would be a good custom to
secure one worth while picture each year.
No one doubts but that good pictures add
to the atmosphere of a college.

What picture would we choose? 1
often feel that people are foolishly shy
of putting up pictures of eminent indi~
vlduals who have done something of
merit in this world. We seldom see the
famous Stuart portrait of George Wash-
ington. One can glean a great deal from
the countenance of Washington; cour-
age and great unselfishuess.

Evcry student of State College has
heard of Dr. William Milne, one time
president of the College. His name is
spoken with the greatest respect and
affection. To this man we are dedicating
our new building. Yet I have never seen
the picture of Dr. Mlillc. It seems as
though it would be a source of inspiration
to every State College student.

“Out of sight, out of mind,“ is an
old saying. Let us attempt to keep in
sight those from whom we can gain
courage to “carry on.“

l.. l). (L, '27.

 

DR. BRUBACHER URGES
GREATER INITIATIVE
ON PART OF TEACHERS
Greater leeway for the development
of initiative and individuality on the part

of inexperienced school teachers was
urged by President A. R. Brubacher,
addressing the second session of the

New York state association of district
superintendents in the assembly chamber
last week.

Success of new teachers, l)r. Bru—
bachcr declared, depends among other
factors, upon congenial working condi-
tions, conﬁdence, and definite knowledge
of what is expected of them. To make
this success possible, petty jcalousies
among teachers must be eliminated, he
said.

“I believe the cause of many failures
on the part of teachers is not due to
lack of knowledge but to a lack of con—
fidence. This may be due to slights by
other teachers. You know the amount of
fault ﬁnding that goes on in the schools.
it is your privilege and duty to discover
that Situation and remedy it."

Dr. liriibacher also declared that
"people hold teachers at arms’ length
seeially and you must break down that
barrier."

Superintendents, he said, must assist
teachers in maintaining discipline.

“if discipline goes wrong," he said.
“teachers will get an inferiority coin-
lex"

‘6

Another duty of superintendents. be
declared, is to make the teachers' work-
ing and living conditions as good as
possible.

"There may be a rasping principle
whose discipline is ililiicnlt," he said.
"Let disagreeable conditions accumulate
and the probability is that at the end of
the ﬁrst month the teacher already has
failed. It is a duty to see that the teach-
ers' living conditions are at least toler-
able and that they live in such a way
that they may keep in touch with the
community."

,w _

 

‘ -_.c. v

