 

   

. . l
Seniors Entertain I

At H. E. Supper!
'l‘he seniors of the. Home I‘Irunnnticsl
Department entertained the juniors and
the Home liennnmirs faculty at a hnffel
supper on the evening of 'l'nesday. ()rto- ,
her Eli The Home .\lanaeenteut House, ‘
where the party was held. was attractively 5
decorated for Halloween. At -l all). when ,
the guests arrived, the juniors. \vltn Itadl
been asked to bring their thimliles. sell
to work hennnine napkins \vhieh theyi
later found was a napery heunniut: enurt
test. for which a prize was awarded fut"
the heat henuuing', Supper was served at ‘
six, and after supper, garnet were played
till eight (I'Clttt'h’.

The family in the Home itl'auaeenteut
House \‘hauned Monday tnnrnine'H
November 3. The hair members of tlte‘
senior class who t‘tliilllllht‘ the November
fatnin with Miss- l’illingltatn are: lx‘nth
llttssey. Marjorie Livineslnn, Marjorie
l‘lu‘ixlnplter. and ltnrutlty Ntltllll'. 'l‘hel
famin that left on Sunday, November it
will return second .\l'lllt'hlt'l' fur a three
weeks May hefnre gl'ittllltlliutt

 

The Home lieunmnirs Set-lion ut' the
New York State "eaclters‘ ,v\s.~nriatiun
held its meetings in Troy last ’l'hnrsday
alttl lfriday at» was anntnltn'ed. it i». in—
[creating tn tuth how many of the funter
graduates of the Home limnutnie» lit“
parttnent at State (’ullee‘e were in at-‘
lendance at these meetings. The llsl of
these alumnae follows: ll. .\lareut-rite
.lames, lell Windsor, A. llelrn lindries.
Mildred llaswell, Ln
it'illineham, Marion lt.
Quigley, Margaret ()‘tﬁnnnell. f I
L'rttntl:,feat1 l‘lungerfnrd. \r’. iisther t'nr-
hin. Dorothy llmre, 'laue K, Seltnilzler.
Margaret L. Hays. .\largaret l\'. Satin»
ders l‘ltltel (E. Pratt, Jeanette .\. lx’eller,
Agnes M, lt'tn‘stert

Of the present student body who par-
ticipated in titer-a: meetings. only a gen-
eral statement ran he made, All of thet
seniors. must «if the juniors. and a few‘
sophomores were able In arrange tlwirt
programs an that they could attend all
least one of the meetings. t

The I'Iastcru llieisinu of the New York l
State Home Economics [\ssneialinnl
formally organized on Friday morning at
Troy. Membership at the close of the
meeting numbered ﬁfty-four. 'l‘he eler~t
lion of officers tnolc place at lllla meeting, I
and Miss Anna Randolph Keim. of State-
College, was made president for the enm-
in},’ year,

  
 

    
   

Mitts limelinr \\'hitmmh, til the Iln-
reau 0f lidneatinn. at \\a.~‘hinetnu. it. t'..v
who spoke at the Friday morning meet-
ing of the Home lirnluunirs Set‘tiun uf
tlte New York State 'l'eaehet‘s‘ .\Hnt‘ia-
lint]. called at State t‘ulleee on Friday
afternoon to Visit the Home l-Zennnmies'
Department:

(In 'l'nesday. October 28. the milliut-ry
class of the Home limnmuirs Depart
ment had an itlfnl‘llltll exhibit of their
ﬁrst finished hat» litlt‘h R'll'l'x had heeu
designed to wear with her winter mat.
and the results are very attractive and
<ltnw a well planned met. (‘imlllllltt

l'nder t\|i.~' tilt't‘t‘lltitl and atl-
vice, llnme lLCttlltilnlCS 18 is giving"
demonstrations in the _l(:\rish farm.
women in Nassau Two were given last 1
week and two will be given this weclcﬁ
At the present time, it is the munng nf.‘
fruits and vegetables. and the making of
jelly in order that they may know how;
to use the products of their farms.‘
Later, the use of vegetables will he‘
demonstrated. Miss Notkin, who is they
social worker employed by the National
Council of lewish Women, is studying
ilk. needs of the group and advising the
students as to the demonstrations to be
given

  

 

S’l‘A’l'l'l t‘t'tltllhltlltl illﬁwg‘l, NOVI'IM'BICR T, lll‘J‘l

 

Emerson tells how the mass of
men worry themselves into
nameless graves, while now
and then a great, unselﬁsh soul
forgets himself into immor~
tality. One of the most inspir-
inginﬁnences in the life of a
modem corporation is the
selﬂess work of the scientists
in the laboratories, which it
provides tor their research.

If you are interested to learn
more about what electricity is
doing, write for Reprint No.
AR391 containing a complete
set of these advertisements.

Page Three

. ﬂ WW

. "“l z|llll|l||l|llllllllllllllllllllllillilllllllllllltlilllllll‘ ‘

Thomas A. Edison and Charles P. Steinmetz in the Schenectady
laboratories of the General Eleclric Company, here Dr. Steinmetz
did his great work

Steinmetz

The spirit of Dr. Steinmetz kept his
frail body alive. It clothed him with
surpassing power; he tamed thelight-
ning and discharged the ﬁrst artiﬁcial
thunderbolt.

Great honors came to him, yet he

in be remembered not for what he
received, but for what he gave.
Humanity will share forever in the
proﬁt of his research. This is the
reward of the scientist, this is endur-
ing glory.

9541115}!

‘ ENERAL lElLlECTRlIC

GENERAL 'E'Locrnlc

KOHN BROS.

“A Good Place to Buy”
SHOES

l

l

125 Central Ave at Lexington ) Printers of State College

Open Evenings ;

COMPANY, SCHENECTADY, NEW YORK

MlLLS ART PRESS

394-396 Broadway. Albany, N. Y.

Special Attention Given
Society Work

PRINTING .‘

New:

 

