 

for
has
‘ of
nut
.crs
ate
We
hit
. a
CC!
ire
nal

ils

.vL'

a

v4

 

 

State College New

 IX No. 22

CONFERENCE 
A SUCCESS

Attendance Reaches

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OI" l‘JlB

ALBANY, N. Y. MARCH 27, i929  V

College Inadequate

tires which hart heen placed he-

 

Money F or Teachers i
l

   

li'ore the legislalii’e tinaneial eoumiit-l
llt‘es contrasting the sizes of statelStates" was one of the opt-Hint; 5pm..

Addresses Students

"l \\ollltl rather he dean ot' a college
[the this tltaii l'resident ol' the llllllt d

Six Hundred Mark.It]tltl'titll'lilllltllﬁ lor State College and liltt‘ltls‘ of Mrs. Knapp Secretary of

 

l“i\'e or six hundred people from .t-

tlte ten state normal .st'litmls withl

those for the state-maintaiued eollegel

5 ate, iii chapel last Friday morning:
This trihute ol Mrs. Knapp to the

widely separated places as White of agriculture hate gi\'i‘t| a \t'ide-spread lcause nl .‘\inet‘iean education is not

'lains on the south, I’lattshnrg on the t

erroneous impression. according to

made without experience in the tieldI

north liredonia on the west and the‘t‘ornelius Itetteu, acting dealt oI' the for she hat a position as Dealt of the

horder on the "tst were in .\Ihany iorE
the educational eont‘erenee Saturday,
March _’l. The attendance was graIi-t
lyineg large. In the adniinis atioii
.st't‘lttl‘l] there were is“ iii atteiidanee.
in the tiioderii language seetioio on;
in the liuglish tvt't‘llltttv—rlllll: in the

 

: s

 

rtrtillure eolh m a signed article
to tlte ma azine ot’ the ﬁtalel
'l'eachers :\.~wi'ialion.

Replying to puhlished .xlillt'ltlt'lllt‘
hy tornter Dean llarlan ll. Ilorner.‘
tield :ecretai‘y ol lltt' teachers. Dr.
lruhai‘lier, ainl others. Ileau lt'llt‘tl
. "t'omparisoiis deserve theit't
iepntatiou ot' heitig‘ odious. heeanse

  

  

t'ollege oi Home ICt-ouotnies at Syra-
t'iise l‘iiiiersity to hi-t'ome Secretary

'oi‘ .‘s‘tate

to a ll\lll .lesrription ol' the recent
inauguration of l’i'esideut t'oolidge.
uhieh sh. attended. .\lrs. Knapp eni-
|tlltl.~l/t‘tl the seriotikness ot‘ the occa-

liistory section—Altltl; in the t‘oliilllt‘i't‘l‘ with all good intent they are likely to 3 sion; the tart that the inaugural was

sections ~ltl: in the Latin sectioio-Jlt:
in the mathematics section-v St); in the
chemistry. physics, atid hiology see-
tions~3tl each.

The luncheon eoiilerenee which tot—l
lowed the ttlttl'tlitl"‘ meetings eom~l
plelely tilled the rat twin and private
dining room, ahout lStt heiurr present.
Dr. Ayery \\'. Skinner, Dr. Howard
I). l’nurdge oi the liredouia Normal
School. Charles 17,. Much of tlltfl
Rochester Junior High School, let-lyii'
|.. 'l‘ohey ot' t.‘o|nnihia. l'roiessori
('rowcll of Union t‘ollege, and Mr.
Wilkes oi the State l-Idueatiou De-
partment were the out of town lead-
ers of discussion. The colh-g tacitlty
furnished the following lcat l’ro~
' ‘iiig‘s for the Iiiiglish st't‘»‘
llirchenough for the

    

 

 

    

tion:
mathematics se' lion: Dr. lilt'ltttt'tlr'tltt‘
for the Latin section: l’roiessor RtS-l

etiou; I'roiessorl

 

h'y tor the history
for the chemistry section;
Woodard for the hiology
section, and l’rot'essor [late for the
ph_ "s section. The discussions were
auiiiiated and in some cast. resulted
in detinite resolutions providingr for
changes in procedure. 'I'hei'e seemed
to he a unanimous opiiiioti that the
conference should hecouic aii annual
event.

 

   

 

BOOKS AT THE CO-OP

For liaster vacation redinu'v rent a
hook at the Lip-Hp, t\\’enty-li\‘e cents for ‘
the ten day" The t‘o-og.‘ will also have ‘
on hand next week the hcsl kind 0
train reading: iii the .'\pril utnnhers nit
,-'\merica's tinest magazines. .'\ slightl
rtdiir‘ioii will he made on all copies. 

No more hauncrs oi pillows will he“
ordered until those on hand have heen‘
sold. Next week a sale will he held of i
all pillows and hauners. Anyone nu-‘l
able to hny one then may leave an order
and it will he t‘ ed tor him niitil thel
week .‘i ler liastei If the last orderl
of letthe" pillows has not yet arrived
next week. it will surely he here alter
l-iantez‘ and reset'rations for these may
he ttl'ltlt' i'I-yl week.
___——.———'

 

 

 

College will close Friday. April l
3, at 5:50 o'clock. for tie liaster
recess and will reopen on 'l'ne.»day.
April H. at 8:10.

————_——_

 

witch news mine

he nnpis.

"'l'he I'ninlatiiental error made in
the eotiipilation oi the tignres" he de—
clares, "lies in tailing to show that thel
seriit‘es oi the institution are not-
strietly coniparahle. The college oi,
agriculture is not only a teaching ill-l
stitntioii: it conducts an esieriment
station an: an extension sel cov-‘
L‘t‘itlg the entire state. Ahout it one}
per rent of the total of its :tppropri'
lions goes into the experiment seryu,
ice. Nevertheless, it' is all iiiclittledl
in a ~tateinent of cost per student."

“’l‘ie tignres," llt continues. "haret
) heen used with graphic preseu-i
ion het'ore other lltttll s and the}
|Ite.. ot the state has apparentlyi
thought the contrast presented had
is neressary for

  

 

 

 

It

 

 
 

I.

trout page material."
l’resideut hnharher in his auniial
report a 'ing lor money this ‘ tor

     

.t picture oi the rtwponsihility accepted
hy the nation and by its chief execu-
ll\(‘. lltr message to the students.
mperialh the women has to realize
and .tt‘t‘t'ltl responsihilily. "'l‘lie stit-
she said. “Are

illttls of this college,
l‘tttlet' a greater ohligalion than any
other of ithirh l know. unless it he a

‘similar group. Accept this responsi-

hillty to state and nation sanely. even
though it may not he. agreeable to
you." :\uieriran lltsllltltltilts, i\lrs.
l‘ittttpp said are not contrihuting what
they should in training for t'itimnship.
There is no help for America unless
her people especially the class repre-
sented it) the students of State t'ol-
legt'. realize their l‘t'sltttllsilitllly. it
they do. they can help not only

9

 

Secretary of    

5 IN ROTUNDA
lPaintings Are Work

l Of John Alexander

The exhiltit in the rotunda has heett
hronghl lt‘otit \\'as|iingtor hy the
lirainaties and .'\l‘t tt‘litlltttl, and
is to he here two \\'l‘(‘\ . 'l'he exhihil
}t‘(|lllillllt~ the pltotog ttllts' ot the paint—
‘inne oi' ,lt..n »\t tlltlt'l‘. am] one
original oil painting" ol' his. , "
whteh was given to the National r\rl
(taller) in memory of John Alexander.

John Alexander was one oi the most
('t'lt‘lll'illt‘tl painters .\mei'ica has erer
had. He was horn in Allegheny.
Pennsylvania, in IHSo, and died in

 

  

 

       

"IS. A boy of twelre he toolt .i
powttou nits. ni-er III the l‘it|~.-
hurgh of the Atlantic and l’a—

 

 

ll

eihe l'elegraph t'ompair tot. .\lteti
heeanie \ery much ' t in him
and sent him to New York to study
art. 'l‘here he secured employment
with Harper llrothers, and was totally
giien a place iii the illustrating tlt‘<
partintnt. Later .'\lt‘.\’.'l|ltlt‘l' went to
Europe and studied at the Munich
Academy ot l-‘ine :\rts and at liar: ia
where he nrst started to paiitt.

:\t Florence and Venice, he studied
and painted and when he returned to
New York, set tip a studio where he
began to paint. ltl his travels ahrnad.
he did series of portraits as that oi
Stevenson, llanerott. llai‘rly. lie was
hveomiug t' mous. anti in his
hihitions in many med' .
and honors. During his later life. he
was elected president of the National
Academy of llesigtt and hehl many
other ol‘tit
t it is inte estiuq to note that John
Alexander has the painter of the

‘1:

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘g.

   

 

‘ltltiltlitths to hriiig the college from a I m” H“. “VIM”. ttltltt'ttl decorations in the t'on; .
l 'deadening stilllls qno." called atten- ewnlnnn. m dmim H" lluwluﬁil.“ “[ sional |.ihrary of which the i\ iliie
ttton to the eoiilrtot in state appropria- I “mm. “ﬁlth. I“ ‘l“":.UI'“.miIm we“ isth Sehooi has a net of photographs.
tl'f’” I”: .ll"' {\“r'v‘il'llm'” (“lllzl'i‘h ‘lllc t lactilar lltrlt‘tttl oi the little things, she HART AND BARRUS To
1 \‘t'llll'ljlll‘tll" id‘l'll'F-s'lt" lll‘l‘tl llll'l l‘Tll’ﬁl'Y said 'ljhere is iiothillt.‘ spectacular PRESENT pLAYS APRIL 1
:l::’ll‘Ti11:-3:23:45]llilillwztm'ﬁ‘“11RLolly: ulna 'tttllt duty. hlut all'ti'nl'y gi"tl1 On l\'edmrsda,\’ eveninttt April 1,
moved and the ti'aiiiii of teachers  ling. ﬂung“ hilm “I. illm'l .ﬁ‘l‘l'll' ‘1 n ‘ ill”? “I!” Il-u “ill‘m'lhl'fIlllllrc “mm-“"1
“an.” m ' “UT 10]“ .m. h. ‘titaittt o ones oun itsponsiu Inc. :tn the auditorium, L‘K' :istnig' of two
l "l ' ' l l '1t L " '5' ‘he lll'Jt'~l on the women oi the U' plavs directed hr \' 'iaii Hart and
lll‘. llt'l'llt'l‘v CUHH‘N‘HUHH‘ lllm“ “w'lege active participation in the duties l llai'riet llarrns. y

 

   

 

  
  

.

     

 

    

lug-"Fl" l'll.lll”‘ 5"”."0 ml?“ f'“”"".l‘l“‘l 1“" til citizenship. it not in puhlic life. all Miss llarrns' play will he a coni—
t Tl?“ l‘l' 1“ I1 “U‘ "71”": '“ll’m‘lil'lh "’ 1 least as :1 enter or m the place where : hinaiion of tragedy and cwnede with
ll“ 5“ (t 1‘” ‘5' “(‘5' “l C “MW” leach might do most good. iemph; ‘on the tragedy. Dewitt chi
A student spill! suian here last eek . and p ‘ ‘ - hv Wm Ht“. “IL. [,ml.

 

       

 

suggested a parallel llt'l\\’t,‘t'll this con-‘ . v—ﬂ .
dition and one in a western statc‘Blg VaudeVllle 

where more money is spent for lttitzt-
ties than tor higher educatirni. f
Replying to Dean lletten, Dr. llor-l

tuer Hlyﬁi

"‘l‘he t'aei remains. and we regard
it as no retlectiou upon any institution l
to call attention to it, that the statei
puts more money annually into sup-‘
port oi its college of agriculture than
it does into the support of its ten
normal schools."

MIXED CHORUS TO SING 
One good sing before going homcll
I’riday '
will prewni in t\--.~emhl\ the Mixedt
“torus, and the \\'omen's ('horiis.'
The student hotly will also participate

 

 

tin sin,” ncI certain mtmhers. l

 

l“.\ ryoiie rememhet' to hring hisJ
song hook.

auditorium
he '

l't‘Ul‘t-ser t‘audlyn ‘ \‘ehradt-r: t'o

G. A A. Tonight

Don't forget the. hicr \audeville that
takes place this «wetting iii the college.
'l‘his is heing given hy
t (t. ;\
the Dormitory l"ttiltl.
are heiiig put on. (nine and hear the

  

tactilty jokes. 'l'he chairmen of the1
dillerenl committees are:

l’uhlieity.
Marion (Theseht'ough: Dancing. lx’utli
MrNutt: Music. lleulah lickersou;

. aml the proceeds go to‘
hire hig‘ actsl

 
 

Higgins represents

3 the hero's conscteuce working against

a dishonest tendency.

The play directed hy Miss llart \'.'|ll
he decidedly comedy. The cast iii-
rludes Melanie (irant, Niles llaight.

‘and Marion U'tfonner in the leading

role.
DORMITORY CAMPAIGN
BOOKLET
\\'ith the aid of nearly a dozen of
the college girls who volnntt at their
help. campaign headquarters mailed at
the close oi last week the lirst piece

 

Stunts. Bertha Zaian: l‘rops. Jeannette l of literature ot the Dormitory Cain-

  
  

\Valdhillig.
l’sherw \\'right; Settiii
M ai'y

 

 

l’rograiii, lleleu

in.
hot; Lichting Dorothy lloyt; Adrer-i
tisine. llt'lt'll lilliot: 'I‘iekets. (iet'tl‘ltde ‘ alumni and former students in fortvn
Swettmaun. t'ome at Bits and hare ‘
a rip-roariin.( laugh!

Manager. Marionlpaigu. This la the hooklct "A Six
nines, Dorothy I‘aylor:‘(i‘t'loelt college" which contains the
‘ .

:.;tlieut ieatures oi the campaign, antl
tells of the needs of the college. it
was rent to approximately (3,000

live states of the Union, and a number
'Il countries outside the United States.

