  
 
 

 

 

‘i Ad ration announced yesterdayithat‘ the President would submit
ignIti’o before God on} Wednesday. .Niridh said. “He‘s the :only one who am _ V
‘l Th V' traught monarch complained that even his daughterJulie'didn t' --
loaders ‘ hirii Well that’s just too bad you silly goose. You should be ashamed of

» nurse” fond titling your trusting subjects for so long. It‘s no supper‘for you tonight
you  boy ’    ; ..  r
r _ The: re all agiinstme,‘ he ’said'. You're right. It’s all a conspiracy. We've been out to
i ;get you- nee yo gr dated from Whittier College. We‘ve had our men out checking.
up oily ‘ We bombere you've been, who you‘ve seen, the whole story. You wanted -
'us to 0|anth yo agents were inserting needles intoManthitchell'sderrtereNot so
young-nun. Nocover-up can save the President this time. We‘ve got the goods. It
would be in the best interestes of this fair nation .to expose that menance for what he
is—a pervert. One small streak for man. one giant streak for women. I
And while we‘re out there exposing our ruler.‘ let's all celebrate
America. Yes, America, where a bi-centenniel parade Asymbolizes\all this country
stands for. Where songs and beer and marching bands come to mean—America. And
lions and tigers and bears, Oh. my! Let's stand up and cheer—-for America: Where a
Canadian can produce a million selling single about how much Canadians love
America. A MERICA. and who disguised as Clark Kent lights a never ending battle for .
truth. justice. and the American way.

    
   
  
 
 
  
     
  
   
   
 
   

Signs of the Times

'l‘heBen'zedrinét’tdministratiortishaving a severe case of identity crisis. Not only is
a. there a black and white sign announcing the Administration building as the Ad-
{ ministration building. but now there is a black and gold sign, and 'two immense purple
and gold signs proclaiming that theAdministration building is the Administration
buiiding.Well. Mg Presidentkio ohjei'ihas ever doiibted that‘faw factgff you asked
the average Albany State gudgntgyhegg  Ailinipistration i )g wastchances are
pretty good, he, dr even she, would tell you where to go. Why, ' e would bet that even
the Faculty. with of course a few hard case exceptions. would testify that they knew
that the Administration building was the Administration building. ' I
Perhaps the only ones who don't know that the Administration building is the Ad-
ministration building are the Administrators inside the Administration building.
Perhaps the sign is only there so that they can distinguish one building from another.
We all know how similar everything looks around here, maybe the signs are for the new
President (should he. like Godot. ever get here), so‘th'at he, maybe even she. wouldn't
suddenly take up offices in the biology building. We wouldn‘t want our Prestdent
becoming aware of the academics at this school, now Would we.
Therefore. we would like to announce that we strongly disapprove of any plan to

construct a ﬁfth quad on this campus laying on its side. Such an ediﬁce would. be a
waste of critical space and could be better used for larger facilities for the Administra-

. tion building”.

Errata

In yesterday‘s issue we reported that the ASP would not publish today. That was
wrong. '

In today's issue. the item under “errata” was incorrect. It should have read . . . “in
yesterday‘s issue . . . .“ '

The ASP would like to sincerely apologize to the University-Community for prin-
to insure that such an

ting a factual, non-biased story in its March 29 issue. We will try
error never reoccurs.

'loioriNCitutt.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..........................AEIDBBUNKED
Asstsrsurroruelotor.....2.................'.......‘.................B.B.Gons
NIWSFAIIICATOI ......................................,.......GﬂOlOliLIBELOII
Accomucss............. . . . .  . . . .  CHOCOLATE ALBA. DAN Cttssss Buttoatt
SHITI'I‘EDITOI.. . . . . .  . . . . ........................GLaNN,v0NHtittarENoaa
errullno...... . . . . . . . . . . ...............................CscrLB._Ds MILLII
Aunlntoroa............. .....  “an
Assocranurt.......... . . . . . . . . . . . 
waSro-rlotornl.... . . . . . . . .  Jutcv BaucI
Assn sosnitirSmirloroma  . . . . .  HsAapUth't'
APﬂTIlINGMANGLu... . . . . .  .........CUNTYKA1II

 

..............................~,......PutLvstsosMONtt
TAKIANICKLEIDIOTOI....................................WOODBNNICKLBESQ.
AWKIIAI’! Nicrtu’l‘xitus  AotOJ) Maven, Mitts Pusumnaoou
Psavunrsloioroa.......~.................................. NIGIITTOWNDAYMONT
TtiivSecamluiotol....,..z...................... ...................LasZucits
Guy Fur lutoma .  . . . .. .. Wcuov Bsomov Brooms

'Manual................................................JuooLaALLaooxs

wns'gwm'p'. . .v'. . . . . .... . .. . .  N Boris Imbalﬁxsrmu Kootut

 

Aswicixn'Arnrizsa. . . .

...............-.......t..

t."tv'

at

Ammo“

    
   

    
   
  
  
 

  
 
  
     
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
   
   
 

   
  
  

tJliillit't wit'tiq,

~-/»e

   
  
 
 
  
 

i

‘

 
 
 
 

Candles Burning

 

'l'he propensity-to-consume schedule, or g

consuption function. relates in it direct
proportion the level of consumption to levels
of income.

The propensity-to-save schedule or savings
lunctions. relates income to savings. Since
whatever is saved is equal to what is non-
consumed. consumption and savings
schedules are exactly alike in the sense that
saving and consumption together equal dis-
posable income.

The break-even point is where the income
level has a net savings of zero. Below it the
marginal propensity aggregates a negative
savings. Above it. the contrapositive form
utility is indicated. Graphically. the break-
even point is a continuously geometric line
formation which culimnates in the 45 degree
reference linc intersection of the consumption
lunction.

It is the interdependence of the produc-
tivities: land. labor. and capital. that is causal
of the problem of complex distribution
phenomenon. To produce aggregate ‘Q‘ with
factors ‘X‘ and ‘Y‘. you must find the intersec-
tion points of ‘mpp‘. ‘npp‘. ‘npc‘. and 'gnp'.
'I'hat completes the marginal productivity
theory of intricate distribution.

,As we hold a fixed input constant and
laboriously increase a variable input. the
ﬂirginttl physical product of that Godfor-
liken variable input will have no choice but to
defeatedly decline——at lenst after it given
point!

Nonetheless we can accept the complete fix-
ity of land supply us its price-signal of efficient
~ factoring of commodity substitutions.

The most serious deviationfrom the perfect
competition ideology comes from monopoly
ethics. vis-a-vis the Parker Brothers and their
capitalization ’CAl’l'l‘ALlZATlONl of the
working class ethic of monopoly.

, Ken Iv'v'lltbuull"

The dollar votes of people effect prices with
a malignancy of wageand price controls. Gas-
oline, as an entity which lends itself towards
classiﬁcation as a liquid assetcomma as due do
small ﬂuid donkeys... Hello, I am a Smith
Corona Electra 210. He's in the bathroom
now. so I .Ihuugh/ I'd type you a notecomma
and tell you what its like having to do these
damn columns every week. If you think you
got it tough, what about me? He turns me on
about twice a week and that‘s not enough for
mecommo I got a manual and two ballpoint
pens to support. Whycomma just last week,.
...ohoh! He's coming back, gotta stop typing
now. see you some other article"...

The benefits from a public or social good.
unlike those from a purely private good. are
sceti to involve ll pliiriility of welfare trunfcr
payments to those social security recipients
constituting the lower socio-cconomic eliiss.

Any discussion of the philosophical
ramifications of u post Galbraith economic
techno-structure would be incomplete without
exploring the fascinating world of peace time
inputs-output flows of items under protective
tariffs. quotas. ttnd.....Hcy!. it's me again,
Smitty! 'I‘ln' tluorlu'll rang and while he's
answering it we ran tttI/t.’ How's the wife and
kids? That's good. Yakttou', you t'ttti'l buy
ltt'tt/th...0h()h........Keyncsian cconOMiS}.
.lolin Manttrd Keynes. postulated the baluncc
of international payments. which was his
business rind is certainly none ol'ours. The in-
herent inclasticity of land affords it the
criterion of pricing by pure competition. The
marginal revenue and its intersection at the
bottom of the marginal cost curve substan-
tiates our analysis. End of chapter...tm'tell the
wife and kitldys Smitty says hi"... ‘

    

 

 

 

 

 

of you know.wbat Descartes meant when he
called Socrate's‘ttteepltome of consecration"?
Saul: lcan't tell you that. Karen. and t. . .'I
can't even tell you why . . . .

Good. eh? I have a number of art episodes
dciuiling adultery with the intent of receiving

 

Captain‘kans‘qféd

 values

To the ldiotor:

I would like to tell- you about a recent
religious experience. If any oftlie readers want
to. they can read it, too. .

It sturted’it‘bo‘tit ‘l0:30‘lust night. The twe ve
of us were. going litrealting around Perimeter
Road while stoned. when suddcntly the truth
hit me. I flew back to my dorm room and
wrote down this list ol‘thc New Rules for the
New World.

I. Since lithe drugs are destructive. yct
prison cells are more so. marijuana should be
dccriminulizcd for simple possession and a
class Vixl D2 felony for side (note the penal
code is more complex than presently used).

2. Total conformity is necessary. biit in an
ideal society, it should not be coiiiptilsory.
However. it is not longto theduy ofjudgment.
so it doesn't matter too much. anyway. as long
as there is no anti-social behavior. anti-social
being dclincd however is most expedient.
Anyway. He knows.

,‘t. The “theistic (.‘onimunistie Ogre of the
trust must bethtngclized by theycar I976. or
else we will never show them the light. and.

4. All Universities and other places ofhighcr
learning be levelled rind in their places. be con-
structed giiint temples. with room to nccom-
modute everyone for the Big Sleep.

Anyone interested injoining my Committee
to Reinstitutc titin .Vtilues. please contact
me ill my office! on‘1he‘23r‘d floor of the twin
towers building.

 

in peace.
Name Withheld

Bombed Out

tenure. Let me know when you want them.
8. Kawnek

ha Why Ye Five-O

To the ldiotor:

Why? ‘l'hai's till I want to know. I mean.
why'.’ Huh? Oh. yeah. I see. You‘re right.
thanks it lot. It was bothering me. but now it‘s
till right.

Maharitj .li

Funny Boned

To the ldiotor:
l realize tlittt this is your onccu ycttr humor
issue and etlort has been made to come up
with uproarious material with which to
guarantee it successful issue.
In this pursuit of tiniplc material, please do
not stoop low enough to use inferior humor. of
questionable taste. A good satire issue does
not have to he vulgar or lascivious.
And no menstruation jokes. l’criod. ,
 J “ a Laid Kirchner .
't‘i . of?" “ '-‘ '  ‘

Satirycon

lo the ldiotor:
I‘ve been told that this is supposed to be a
funny issue and everything. including the

the h

 

To the ldiotor:

l would'lilte to relate a recent incident that
‘ occurred last night on thiscampus. Iwolte up. i

as usual. in a kneeling position.’As I stood up!
noticed a kangaroo watching me through the
window. It llew away. and I thought nothing
more of it. The following day. however. I
received it note from the Student Health Ser-
vice which read: “Our resident. psychiatrist is
one of the best in the business; he will beglad
to discuss kneeling in your sleep or any other
topic. Feel free to make an appointment.“

How. I ask. did the lnlirmary know I find
myself kneeling every morning? I suspected
that kangaroo. but decided to investigate. l
disguised myself as me and acted as if I had
received the note they sent me. The head
shrinker told me to lay down and relax: I did
so. I continued with by exotic pluti by telling
the doctor my dreams: littlcdid he know thiit I
was right there. telling him.

I told ltini about my dtil'l'odildo drctlln. my

'cnvious typewritcrd'rcamtind myjuicy dream.

Heine it all up. lwaitcd until he Wits thinking
trdcst -tndtli- '

        
 

  

  

From the Frog’s Leg
WARN

  

EDC Clears the Way

by Rana l’ipiens

The vital role of Environmental Leadership
.ind guidance on the SUNYA campus. an ever-

 
 

tion working on it.
Do not feed

Single Sultemate

To the ldiotor: .
There is a certain phenomenon that huoc-
.curring at Albany State recently that strikes
me as rather odd. It is the strangeidesirezfor

privacy that certain pairs of students. usually

of the oppposite sex but I ‘don‘t think
necessarily. seem to have periodically when
they are together. My roommate recently

stayed in our room for four hours
with a girl he had been friendly with. Their
conversation. as I heard it through the wall.
consisted mostly of rathcrdeep sighs and some
laughter. This is not rational conversation- I
suspect it is temporary insanity. In any case. l
have found it occurring in other parts of the
school. I want to bring this to your attention.

Thank you.

‘ Eu Nuck

   

'"G: THIS Ava-tea is 
IN Peon TASTE.

the lil)('. she continued. *I imagine some o
them are high when they \otc . . . 
the idea ot rising recycled \t'titcrorigintitc

  

sex  .li

     

I kitten:

To the ldiotor:

.rhisismlctyouknowmmwchavc placed“ printed even though it isn‘t funny and if it is
humb somewhere on the campus. Unless our ,printch‘d like to find out.cxactly how long
demands are met we will be forced to (fetch

Car 54
Where Are You

'i'tt’llli: 'ldiotor:

I am writing you to voice my approval ofthc
proposed segregated parking on the various
campus parking areas.

I think that arranging it so that the black
curs lutve to park in the back of the lots is it
great idea. liliick cars aren‘t the same as
regular cars and shouldn‘t be parked with
them. Besides. black cars smell funny. 'I hank
you.

Betty .lo liiolol'ski

Cease A Thesist

lo the ldiotor:

l have it great idea for an academic lulu“
drama that I think would be smuslio forny
paper.

General Studies
Lance: So. you‘re the one who scrutinizcd my
thcgjgt "only [had |c11whcnyourwife stiirtcd
talking about Jung . . . .
Saul; It‘s water under the bridﬂc- 9"“1" My

' only concern is about . . . the allegory!

We Doeit P. k '

, ggy now!

haul: Who's Peggy?

Excuse the professors. but do either

"MARCH 45, 1974‘

letters. is supposed to be funny.
What I want to know is “this letter will be

people will read a letter that is not even mildly
humorous. lt'samtiting how students will read
something even thottgli it has nothing to shy
and is really qttitc boring.

Susan Underhill

l Couldn't Give
A Fig Dept,

lo the ldiotor:
l‘in gettingu little sick hcut‘ingabout strcuk-
tog ever) time I turnaround. ll'thcse iiutsurc
so unsure oicr their nutsculinity so as tr.
prance about the earth with their clothes off.
let them. lltiod had wanted main to streak. he
\iouldn't illl\t' mudc clothes.
Clark (itihle

Remember
The Alamo

lo the ldiotor:

the will of the people must be felt by all of
the people. The representativesol'some oftlic
people must show most of the people what is
wanted by all of the pcopleiind not by somcof :
the people. Some of the people must i

always got to get his two cents in!“

increasing problem in today's complicated life when the toilets on the third llooroftlie can
setting. rests squarely on the shoulders of the pits ccttlct' bucked tip iitto the piitrooti root
tcw brave men and.womcn who make up the drinking fountain. A pilot study “its unde
tiivnonmcntiil Destruction Commission token \\llil the help ol’l’lli clubtl’cnci‘sitml
(EDC).’l'hccommission.rclcrrcdtobyhighcr I:ll\lt'tllllllt.'llll \iho manned the toilets 
ranking administrators only us“'|‘he Commis- proiidc much needed flushing power. .lur
stun.“ took steps htst 'l'ucsdtty to make the (iotlcs lutcr reported. "Yup! We‘re rccrclin
SUNYA campus an ecological model for thc iour outer!" .
nation with the announcement of plans to When asked about the danger of coti
rccycle waste water through the drinking innunnlcd drinking water: Vice-l’i‘esidcn
heated debate and charges of politicking and them |lhc students] drink nine." (hiccup) ‘
“hanky-puuky.“ the Commission passed the
motion 2 to .1 against with 27ubstcntionsand the ltnitersit) gns situation has improved.
one "yup" by an unidentified director of the
('tttitptts Center.

I

.lolut I‘. lr'nckofl. .lr.. recently promoted crtir
ot the Plant Department (greenhouse). Said the meeting. which took place iii the Lee-
l‘ttckot'l. "l'm just its ntttcli tin cnvironmcn- tttrc (‘cntcr men‘s room. reached it heated
tulist its unyoncelsconthc campus. btit wcjitst CilllltH on the unusual activities of member
cun‘i hate shit comingout ol'till the drinking ('tirpornl Wall) Chdcsdalc: 'l'lic Corporal.
Iountuins!“ \\ ho sci/ed ti “loony” trcehousc overlooking
Resisting tlic Illtl\t.'lllCtll were two com the pond for his teni'porurt headquarters. is
sttptneil students. (inry Slcwin and Paul attemptingioi'idthelukcof“tlicmpcskv gold-
ttrion. who both threatened to boycott the tlxli." Sod ('hcssmtin. uho attempted curly
writer fountains and ptill moons in th‘ ttd- this mornitig to comincethc ('orporulto stop
ministration building. -thn questioned tpcuring fish front his perch ("it‘s not
about Inutitca'. Slcnin I‘L‘Plit‘d. "Don't try It) natural“). rcgretl'tilh submitted the (.‘orporul‘s
double-lulk me. buddy. l'In a self-proclaimed request for It) lotttes of bread. 4 cans of ttttut
cuttroumcntutisll“ ()rion scented tongue-tied “an. 3 liumlgrcnttdcs. J2 spears. it dozen

dtiriiig the incident and refused to open his norms. and l trishcc. Suited the Corporal in
mouth lor continent. his request: "Corp is Hell!“ 
's

tourtli lime.

Habit-ct noww disapproval at University Despite lhc unicicni. iiCtilL‘lllt‘d wot'kiugul
I’I'L'hldcltl Lolllh (“UH-‘11)licritcdritielllc hill the lilx‘. illl on lot ittipnticncc prevails on the
would come to $24.(i.12.7l9.(t2. Static landing curiipits, ()uippcd co-chuirniun John T. Nomi.
will account for $241132. 7l9.t)tl with 2 e coit~ "Newt hits m liiilc depended on so many." “of:
trihuied from ii special presidential bubble cnumumltJ \tittlc of t! ~‘illllllLiiii)k'pl'i)]t'tio 
gum fund. An unidentified commission use of minor in .o ctttuptts roller-tin
member was licnrd to remark. “Yup. “C's fountain tuill unikc .‘xl'.\‘.'.-\ the Ctlilllttt
center ol the world!) !

use of recycled toilet paper iii the rut--

    
  

 

   

 
  

Although not an official member of the

 

remember all ol'thc people and not most ol'thc .;
people. And that's why I‘m running for Cen-

irttl Council.
Fred Fluirim

AWFULLY STUPID MESS

  

Itinc. .limet Hookcrot'the Student Health ln- ministration building (we all should turn the

 
 
  
   

 
 
  

'umity voiced her opposition by requiring other cheek.)

'tlﬂtiltg signs on till fountains to read. increased use ot'orgunlc foods in dinin

i)A.N‘tt'Rl, .I'WINKING RECYCLED areas (you can beat our prices. but you tain‘
“ necto - . .

     
 

n
‘  ..\ . . . . .. --
V . . . . . .  . . . _ . .w

  

 

EDITORIAL as. s THEFT Sr

 

   
 
  
    
 

lountiiiiis ol the ctinipus After 3 years of Lon tt'hristmtis I'cctli) i‘it‘lclt replied. “Let

-.-:-:

In other action. the lil)(‘ announced that

was that damn split pcu soup!" muttered .Ioltn 
g _ I . I’lll'lit‘)‘. Vice-President for Misnuintigemciit. 5
Uncut the mirror opponents ot the bill was as he quickly excited the meeting for the I

qu...—___

t:-2==ra.:-

'0

   
  

   
 
 

 
 
 
  

   
    
     
     
   
  
  
  
   

 
  
 
    
 

or: LS)“



MM. Mew—e 3., g I

   
 
   
 
 

  
 
  
   
   
 
  

  
    
    
 

    

    
 
 

 
               
     
 

   

,.._. a“.

  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
    

        
 

