 

 

e, . ,. ,
‘ fst’rength'm

I . prdb‘lemﬁl initials
ortation which may arise‘?’

.paughihgly referred to as “Death
Bridge"? by local townspeople,it.
asthe uncanny‘habit of collap-
sing at the mo’st inopportune

:  Horace 

 

.  9-4 with but 3 innings left to play
And then'when Roy White popped it up with 3 runners on base
, Babe‘ilktith’turned over in his grave and cursed out this disgrace.

“Twas the last day of the season/Yanks and .O's tied for ﬁrst place.
The Yanks had come from fit 'behind to... climb back in the race
Theyldagone with vet Pat  who’d won 20 games that year

But yiélded 6 runs early whether from overwork or fear.

rig-up the play: by play.‘ '

“ l , l "terms of cost} the fieldhouse'v

" is relativ

shrilsied .it. ‘oﬁ; some
“We e‘oss’that ridge whenwe
cometoit.” 5 .  j“
~..ttts'rd=seeso¢o§dmtheex-
pest-idiomatic saline-puns;
is 23. with room~1tfor 3.476'
standees. -In accordance with»
voluntary energy regulationska

yinexp'e siveias fat-as
these types of structure’s'are eon-
cerncd. Therefore, financial ad-

‘visors feel that-funding will be
.no' / problem. with money

suppliedbya small'hike of tui-
tion, fees cit-approximately $l2.- '
.650 per person. - ' . _ >
However. Harold «M'ews'oniv
chief‘ organizer of the project.

central heating system has been, cautions that all may not go as

designed. to beset ata.eodsttint
temperature, ofr'ttti‘3 (Kelvin). ln
addiiion. other energy-saving
measures will be attempted. in-
cluding no lights. restrooms. or
public-address: equipment.
“However.” says Jerry
Methas.- building superinten-
dant. “we will 'of course have a '

well as forecast.

‘fln all honesty we must point
out that although all the plans
are basically sound. a couple of
items might be a bit perturbing.
such as the fact that there are no
parking facilities to speak of. But
in all reality we expect everything
‘10 go over smoothly and ef-

A.‘ dill-ll! , _ . «
. A ones it has artsenAasyto‘the
necessity of constructing a |52
~foot .high statue of EdWard

r Darrell Stone. chief designer of

the lieldhouse. at an estimated

cost of $3,000,000. An alter: _

native to the statue. of Stone.
which seemsﬁto “have. growing
.suppbr't.‘ is the construction of an
equally-large statue 'of Betty
George and her dog Moo.
Sourcgs close to the project
report that a compromise may be
reaches shortly. resulting in a
statue of Stone holding Moo be-
ing constructed. -

Betty George could not reach-
ed for comment. but Moo told
the ASI’ in.an exclusive inter;
view' (through an. interpreter)

t h a ti hewas'. ‘“llabbergasted.“

Wrestlers Pin"

by Gary Fields ,

The Allbyniny'State wrestling
'team ' was sensational in the
capitahdistrict tournament this
past weekend.

Captain~ St‘eve

. nothing"of<ittte‘llige‘nce toisayto'n" S h odlde' r be rness ‘_'-won v ' h is“

toward .uu

g a _’ ‘ r I A . far‘nouslinez v 
'l'hat’you nEv‘eF'kno "in seﬁway‘ tilt the last 3 in the ninth.
At lthid base was-Graig Nettles having dropped 3 straight ground
balls] I; :"   ‘. r r - '
’With'gen’e menisci*tojftitrtertwrrietrw s’n’dTaving race-m all;
At firstl'base was Mikel Hegan 'bu't-everyone‘could see
They suffgred from the Golden Glove Hopeless. Horace Clark's? '

But Horace wasn‘t blowing games: he‘d found a rare good streak
He lied iiot blown a‘vdoubleplay' for this. the‘tenth straight week
And with him in the line up; the fauna longer run“ and frowned
‘ - ' But instead theyyélled at old‘ Roy White—- who's throws were on the
ground. ‘ _ ‘

T-hen early in the eighth inning a nighty cheer arose

it echoed to the bleachersand boomed in between the poles

The Yanks had brought in 6 big runs to knot and tie the score

And now they led by one an a single by Horace, the man they now
' adored. ~ . . _

There wasEpselin Horace‘s manner as he went otit to second for in-
ning number nine ' ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘
There was grace in Heracefs‘motion when hespeared aghard Mite"
drive A _ ', i ' ' '
And then when Coggins failed to bat arid Blair received a walk
The fans stood on their seats-und'sereamed their hatred in their
squalks. , .

There‘ were two more cuts to go that year the man up at bat~lioog
Powell ' '

He hit an easy fly to right But Blomberg dropped the ball

.80 when the dust had settled it was plain enough to

That Paul Blair was on 3rd base 90 feet from yict'oryt 

The next man up was Brooksie iit'his 3.7m year 

He was the wilcy veteran the man-Sparky Lylc'feared

A.2-2'pitch from Sparky-- and a ground ball hit to Gene

'A lock‘ for two outs here. with the Yanks new DP machine

So Michael scooped it in his glove and ﬂipped to Horace Clarke

who promptly stepped on second base as if it was a lark
He quickly spun and threw to first’as alltheffans ’1 went wild
Surely. ﬁnally, the gods‘of ball on the Yankees, again, smiled.

v h wmewhere out in center field the memories Vstill remain...
 Jotttn Joe and Mickey out in their oWomﬁtns‘.

Mo soreswhm Lsmri lies to pes‘ee

M“ barman now screams. v v ‘ I
. We. Ho‘rsce’s relay sailed into.the mezzanine.

1. seveiithllsti’alﬁiltli’fiialch" by sub“:

- mission. after using his famous
groin-grasp. Steve claims to have»
developed the hold out of
necessity. He said yesterday. “I
used to be a shower attendant at'
a gym tor-herivyyveight-liftersl“.
.(lncidently. Steve's last 4 victims
have formed a singing group
called the sopranos).

’Another victor was freshman'
Bear Briant. who uses a tremen-
dous bear-hugto crush his op-

- ponents into submission. Bear '

developed this‘_ hold as a
youngster when hismothcr used
to breastfecdlhim while riding a

._ . Hockey ‘

Led by Frank Patroni‘s third
period goal with 6:54 left to play. the
Great Danes hockey squad struggled
to a significant truimph over
Williams College by the score of4~2
in a contest marred by a free-for-all
in'the second period. The lighting.
which
resulted in two game misconducts
being issued to each team. an unfor-
tunttte occurrence but a highly enter:
tainiitg one for the sparse but ex—
uberant crowd who viewed the con-
test in tire lield house by the lake
behind Indian Quad. The victory.

‘ which continued the Danes un—
beaten‘t'strcak at three and which
gave them an overullrccord of4-2-l .
was of particular importance
because it came over a vastly more
experienced Williams team.

Next game is away at Oneonta in a
SUNYAC conference match which
promises to be quite a meeting;
()ncontu being. .the number one

s , team.jl'his should offer some indica-'

tion,ot' how far Albany has come in
just tyvo years of vanity competition
in hockey. -

Honda 360.

There was a three full match
between the beavywaights from
Albany and Siena last night.
However. the wrestlers only fell
twice. so itwas‘éallhd‘h dfawf

alts-Jib. lilieavyweightf. Blobs ‘

 Sport Shorts

by Gary Field
Major League Baseball:

O‘Bradovich has decided to
donate the last seven men he

pinned to recarpct Steinmetz '

Hall on State Quad. That‘s hust
his way of saying that he is sorry
for eatingthepodium last Tues:
day. . ,

x

Yankees —Yesterday. Horace Clarke was traded for a new clubhouse water
cooler..... Mrs. Fritz Peterson revealed today that she liad originally hoped

to witch with qu Bobby Murcer.ftguringthat a .300 average on the ﬁeld'is 1
good for at least the same in the bedroom... '

Mots-Tug McGraw, before a grand jury hearing. today admitted thatthcre
were times last year when he didn't “believe”  . The Mets ﬁnally signed
their number one number“ on: draft 'pick. blind centerlielder “Deadeye” Dirt
'ﬁeld; The team has requested the league to use a'black ball at night to Keep
‘ the rest of "the players on the same terms as Deadeye . : . ’

Commissioner Bowie Kuhn announced an important rule change today.

" me FM.”-

T eacher’s Award

Political Travesty .

by Doug Horwllz

Political science professor Ber-
nard K. Joltnpoll has charged that
[lit notninuting procedures of the
Distinguished Teaching
Professorship award as practiced at
Albany State isa “politicaldeal“and
a “fraud”. “The very nature of the
contest and the way it is run leads to
corruption“ .lohnpollsaid only days
after withdrawing himself from the
competition he was nominated to.
.lohnpoll's basic objection to the
uwttrd concerns its contest at-
mosphere. “'l'euehing isn‘t a com-
petition. il' I wanted competition I
would have stayed in the newspaper
business" he said.

Last year was the first year that
Chancellor Buyer‘s office granted
tltc annual teacher awards. The
awards are subdivided into two
groups; the Distinguished Teaching
professorship applicable only to un-
dergraduate associate professors or
full llcdgcd pro :sors and the State
University Chancellor‘s Award for
Excellence in 'l‘eaching open to all
undergraduate teachers who carry a
full teaching load. The teachers who
are finally chosen as the winners of
either ol'thesc awards (ﬁnal selection
is made by the SUNY Trustees) will
carry with them a new status title and
some cash.

The Professorship award
guarantees the winner. according to
the Chancellor. “tenure in rank if it
has not already been attained and a
salary increase (provided for in com-
pusbudgets in ensuing years) ol'up to
$2.500.“ l'hc Excellence in Teaching
award "will carry with it a sum of
$500."

Nominees for both of these
awards are chosen at each state cutti-
pus, I'lte Chancellor requires that
there be two separate and indepen~
dent nominating committees. "one
composed entirely ol'undergradtnttc

tllllllllllt't/ on page I7

V' r a.

 

1W“: 

Special-i ton

of Central  '

“t-stern Avenue. where sllNYA students often take apartments.

Albany Area Referral Agency May Be
in Conﬂict with Equal Housing Law

by Sue [eboff

An apartment referral service.
concentrating mainly on transient
Albany State students seeking off-
cnmpus residence. may be in viola-
tion of the l‘cdcrul Fair Housing

Actatltc ASH. has lcarucd.'l‘hc possi- _

blc violation of the law stems from
the nature of the business which the
contpttny. chlcx. pursues.

llte owner ol the business. livun
l)nvis. admitted that do landlord rc-
qucsled that his apartment not be
sold to blacks. lor example. it is in
the poncr ol ltcnlcx. to see to it that
blacks simply do not discoter tltc c.\-
Islcncc of thc tnuilublc housing.

In addition. Rench ollcrs a lrcc
roommate rclcrrnl scr\ice. tttnilnblc
to sludcltls \vho already lune
apartments. and those who do not.

lhe little stole on the corner ol

Central and Luke opened in
January. and is run by two young
men from Washington I).L‘.. tjvnn
I hurts. the owner. and .lim Harnhttrl.
the Imuutgcr. they keep tltcirscrvicc
open until it |’.M. scvcndaysa week.
and thin! are. the onesuho supplied
the information for this story.

lhc wny Reitth works is this:
Anyone looking for any kind of ren-
tnl property. whether it be an npurt-
ment in the city or a hunt. or even a
trailer. can go to kettles. and. for
510.00. takc ottt a “policy”.

lltis policy. nhich is good for n
ycttr. entitles the prospective tenant
to ltrsl ol all look at “lor tcnt“
listings III a black book. similar to
the one In the olI-cumptts housing
olltcc. lull larger and guaranteed to
be up to date.

A licntcx employee theoretically

 

I-‘ood Item and Quantity
llcurtluod Cereal I lh.

Alhany Public Market
75

Shop Hllr (trend l nlon

l'rlee ( hopper
7.‘

involved both benches."

On a slow grounder in front of the mound. the-batter may yell “cheap” if he
chooses not to run ‘it out. The new rule is expected to improve batting
averages and prevent back injuries to steeping pitchers. '

0n the local baseball scene. we have some tragic news. Queens punchball

champion “Fingers” Fisherman was thrown off the Junior High School I72 .
punchball'team alter brass knuckles were found in his locker yesterday..... .

I'm-Football: . -
Washington-Duane 'lIbomas broke a‘pci‘sohttl record today in speaking
three consecutive sentences to a sports writer....
Miami- Larry Csonka received the most enthusiastic player award today.
. His only comment was “Who the- cares'.’"....' ,,
. Huffalo- The Hills today traded star halfback-OJ. Simpson to the NFC.
[or the Dallas Cowboys. Green Bay l’ackersiand Minnesota Vikings...
'l'hc liord Corporation has. once again. gota better idea. lnorderto keep
up with the times. they have announccd that next year's footbtlll halftime
contest shall be changed to the l’unt. Pass. Kick. and Streak competition
(arty girls. ages l7—2l. wishing to enter the fourth category may call for an
appiontmcnt at 7~45| |. Early evening. pleuse.)....
Basketball: V .

Boston-Celtic chuckcr-star Hondo llavlichuckwars-recently heard to say .

during a halftime rest. “No. tdon‘texpcct th'osc ttssinine undcrhand shots
.to go in cithe‘rl"..... , ~_ . ‘ '1’ I‘ '.

Nets-l Lurry_ Kenon' admitted his personal feelings about coach Kevin
Lougheiy today. “it-hink‘h‘c‘s kinda cute" said the rookie sensation...
Knielts- Bill Bradley silenced his doubters today as he actually dunked a
basketball. (Rumor has it that Bradley did thcdunking in a nerf-basketbatl
game on a seven foot basket.) Coach Red Holzmun revealed today that u
love affair between John Gianelli and trainer Danny Whelan is threatening
to break up the team... ‘ ' a '

N.C. Stets- lt‘s now been three days since David Thompson's lust leap tin—

der the hoop, and he hasn't come down yet. Teammate Torn Burleson says .

that'Thompson is expected to landmrietjmmext weekytud...:. - '

5}— 5‘) .47
,42- .55

/
(irttpe Jelly llt oz. ,J‘l- .51 ,55- nt
Whole Wheat llrcud. 1 lb. .55- or 55
lnh (t-I2-ll. oz. ctmk l.ll~l |_n.t
Cola o-IZ ll. oz. cttns Lil-l |,n.t
lianunas l lb. .to H
lllmt lish o'z: oz. .49- .o} .50. Jul
instant ()attncul ‘) oz. .55 ,57
Chuck Steak (hone in) L79 (,7
liottom Round Roast l K“! Lou
(irnund Chuck I,l‘l Lou
Sirloin Steak I.7|l
Round Steak rim-1m
lltrcon ‘I‘l- l ,5‘)
Pork Chops (center) Lott-L57
lnmb Lotn Chops . l.57 .
lttrkcy tlo lbs. It under. int/en) .xa , . L27
"(‘lnckcn. broilers & lrycn (under 3 lhsJ . ,ItS
tomsﬁng Chlcltcnh til/.4 lbs.) -‘
l‘rtltlklltrtcrs | lb.
lzggs (irndc A. huge I dozen
('urrols l lb. - It!
('clcry I lb ,l‘l- .W
lettuL‘c l head 1‘ .. - ~ 40- 5‘)
23,57 . 2”“

5

LIN-1.49 l.ll9-l.-l:i
K7- it‘) ,7 77

.I‘I- .Zl

.llt‘ All

Hlt' Inn/u “I it turn: mum o/ u'u'rul ur/muuulmt m l/lr‘ nil/tum mm tlnu um mmlnr'lnllu tlu' I'll“; t on v
\nmw lit-III ( mm t/It' l out/ulna] or Illt’ t/ltlll rt/mt't'

It unln tllt'l/lll I/it'lmlllt'lllIlllt‘llllllllllltl/t'tlrhill/Illllll. .Sltu/t Hilt'ltllltU mun/um \Iu'ulu'l. (mutt/l mun (Ion/I-
ml lmt [norm/(t do: In Iln' lllll Ihut I/lt'll [Hum mutt mrrr l/lt' not III tun/Inn vltlIlI/Iv

I‘m r t Imp/m huan [hr min mm Ilnll I/tt’ tIl/n't' norm tI/Il'll‘tl mu] u not It'llll'lt’lllt'll In it until.

lllt‘ lulu/t n-Iucn‘m Ilu' quru pram uln'u Iltru' nrlv 4/ range.

 

 

 

phones all the landlords in the book
c\ cry day. in order to make sure the
property is still available. Currently
the service lists (still available places
lor rent every dtty‘; Mr. Davis hopes
to boost that to l(lt)(lby'the summer.

lltc listings are very explicit.,ll'
there is a porclt. there iso code-letter
which indicates it. If no pets Ire
allowed. if there's 2t I'clrigct'ntor.
that Is coded in too.

What ll a landlord only wants
\\ lute tcmmts'.’ ch.c\en tltul's coded
to. bill not as clearly. lhcrc's a V
nut to ltstings like that (currently
there on: around l5 ol them) and
lltttl is a clue to the Remus employee
that ptmpcctiw tcnunls him are
black should he slccrcd nutty iron]
that property. Mr. Hints. nho did
not seem amounts to llltlL‘ this prac-
tice. ulstilictl n by saying that
landlords sometimes Im\c tcnnnts
nho \von‘t ltvc unh hlncks ill the
same building.

According to section b’tl4 ol the
federal l'tlll‘ Housing Act. II ts urt-
lttwlul to “nntkc print or publish. or
cause to he made printed. or publish-
ctl any notice. stulcmcnt. or adver-
tisement. with respect to the sale or
rental ol a dwelling that indicates
tiny prclcrcncc. limitation. or dis-
crtmimtlion based on rncc.,co|ot‘.
religion. or nutiomtl origin". lhis
rinses the distinct possibility that
chlek operates in violation ol a
l'cdcrul law. but the owner does not
appear to be conscious ot this
possibility.

Uncertainties of this mtturc asidc.
does Renth \vork'.’ According to
Mr. lhtvts. ctcry customer who
looks tor housing at an umiluhlc
price can get a place through chlcx.
Ihcrc is u very small percentage ol
people who don‘t eventually find
nhul they want. lltc chtck
counselors say they try to discourage
people who ask for property they
don‘t believe exists. although no onc
is ever unequivocally turned away.

continued on page a

by ('urole Zingmsn

In a special Central Council
budget session. highlighted by action
taken concerning li.().l’.S.A. and
Music Council. Chairperson Eric
Louschcin walked out of the
meeting. visibly angry over the
refusal of lludget Committee
members to respect a request by the
Chair to remain settled in the spec-
tator section.

Louscltein's move came during a
break in ,Council routine between
budget reviews. He had proposed the
motion to remote lludget committee
members from the Council table.
stating llltll they new: toodisruptivc.
Lonschcin's motion was aimed
speciltcully at lluvid Coy‘nc. a com-
nmtee member. \tho refused to
lolloyv the Council‘s request.

When committee member Coyne
attempted to be recognized to speak
on the Amateur Radio Club‘s
budget. Loose-hem stated he would
not recognize Coync and subse.
quctitly. \vttlkcd out after Coy'ne
protested.

In :t ratltcrltcatcd budget session .
t'ouncil mud to separate l‘uerza
lntmn. the organization ol l’ucrto
Rican and Latin-American students
lrpm l:.().l’.S./\.

the Iiudgct Conuuittec was
recomcncd to decide lrom where the
money should be appropriated to
lttnd the neu organization. Council
recommended than lltc money come
Irom |:.t).l’.S./\. 1

Separation has the general COIN-I‘ll-
slls ol the is! Spanish surname
\Illtlt‘lllh as SUNYA. according to
lleclot \"tu‘ius. spokesman for l-ucr-
zn lmmu. the only group I‘cpl'cscttlin
l’ltcl'lu Itictm :md Latin-American
students.

llcnmntls lor separation here has-

ctl upon the rcccnl tensions. sltttllttg
|ll I'l7l. hetnccit the ntlmmisttutton
ol l-..(l,l’.S.A.ttntl theoucrcptcscn-
tutuc ol |'.|(.(),l..l. l’.|{.().l,,l...
‘lltc prcctn'sot ol I-uciza Latina. has
It cmnnnllcc ol l..().l’.S.A. formed
to deal primarily \\llll thcinlctcslsol
Slutmsh-spcuktng students.

\tlllth also sighted the I;th llltll
ttllltottglt money lor . lnttn-
\ntct'lcun sltttlc‘lllh has up-
ploprmlcd this ycttr to l£.().l’.S.A..
there here no programs plnnncd lor
lllcsc students. lltis was due to thc
Incl. Vnrjns ztddcd. that tile
I..().l'.S.A. gmcrnlng board did not
lune u lntin-Amcrcan represen-
tnll\c.

Council member Andy Uoldslcin
rcnnnded t'onncil than the situation
L‘\lh|Ckl slllCL‘ u was l‘uer/n Latinn's
pcrogtttiw not to be represented on
the l;.().l'.H.A. gotcrning board.
lhcrclorc. this has dottc by their
onn ClltHL'L'.

l)n\|d t'oync commented on the
lsstlc‘ ol scpttltlliou by stating that
only lottr years ago. 5A. was
responsible ltll ltmding all students.
lltctt. |:.().l'.S.A. as lundcd undcr

'thc ssnmption that all students are
not the some. Non. he said. Latin-
Atiicrican students contend llltll
‘l;.().l’.S.A, cult ttot meet their needs.

Coyne asked Council what is to

run/fume] on page 5

They Said It Shouldn’t Be Done...KICK Is Here!

check the center section

 

 

