 

vsmww..... .

n.” mwvap...“
- magpie

«Vacant»... cu..- . A .

«cw—’—
. .r—snt‘WI-qﬁ.

.\ x—v.

v.~wK-V‘LM

taco-.- ' ~, sawmmmww

4— ..r m...”

-...~—...~, .MAMmW ..

rll

idr'week ends school the way it
It‘s like Summer Planning

'7 conference all over again. The Un-
" .iversity ‘ n the handsofa hedonistic

few 'ho know there‘s a future. but

stunt-t haven good time first. And
 even tgouglt itfs an end .now. and
V' everyone's older and maybe wiser

the sentiments are nevertheless the

' ACT Now

L 'Accessment of Courses and
H'I'yeachers (ACT). an SA funded
organization. will soon begin dis—
trib‘ution of evaluation questionaircs
in every undergraduate section. The
purpose of the survey is to disburse
uniform student evaluations. the
results of which will be compiled and
published in booklet formduring the
summer and made available to those
interested membersof'the university
community. ~Please’ contact Dave
Abramoff through.,the ﬁAlofficc in"
C .C. 346'with any tiltestions of com-
ments you may have regarding this
project.   .

week met “one last dying chance to

" get involved.“ Only. this year. they

don't seem to be coming} through.
Good things are being ac-
» complisbed.- but‘ only. a? few have
._ their hitnds in the ‘planning‘and the
cry is out for more people.

"l'hirty students showed up at an
interest meeting held in January and
it was decidedto have a referendum
to determine whether or not the
Senior class actually wanted Senior
week. The results were 320 — 20 in

' favor. Unfortunately. only four
students attended a second meeting
held in early March. ' '

Senior class president. .lcff Berns-
tein chairperson of the week which
begins on Sunday. May l9. blamesa
lot of the involvement on bad
publicity. He claims he unsuccessful-
ly tried to get an article about the se-
cond meeting printed in the ASP and
finally Iiad to settle for a Graft'tti
item. Some disgruntled seniors.
though. who did attend the first
meeting. think that their subsequent
non-involvement was due to the feel-
ing that Myskania and others in high

Jpositions would run the whole thing
anyway.

In spite of this. Deanna Gould.
who has never been overly involved
in student activities. was appointed
co m chairperson and the planning is

Paramount Pitrure/ pr

DFIVID mesan 

 

. RIFKH (WTOITFIUTI
ROBERT BEDFORDwmIH FHFIBOLU
‘ SUN " i '
2:30
5:l5 .
'8200 i .

MON-FRI
6:,45
& 9:30

 

 

 

'lthose pr 7 L
' chance to enjoy ‘fbeer gushing out of

"the Campus’Center“ along with a'

band and two Woody Allen ﬁlms. A
bus trip to Montreal is scheduled for.
Monday and dinner and a night at
the races in Saratoga for Tuesday.
Other highlights will include a three
hour ride complete with an eighteen
mun jazz. band to Lake George anda
clam bake at MohaWk campus.

It will be possible to buy tickets
for the activities individually and
Jeff Bernstein is trying to arrange a
discount price for those who
purchase tickets to all the events.

None of this has developed
without pain. The Senior class funds
have been frozen until they produce
a constitution. Bernstein says that
this has not affected the planning
yet. and that he has written a con-
stitution which will be submitted ina
few days. He promises that. “Senior
week will take place.“ Considering
that they‘ve already overcome
problems concerning a Lake George
boat under repair and a motor pool
reluctant to cart seniors off to
Mohawk. this is believable.

.lcfl' Bernstein appears to be en-
joying it all. bttt he still admits. “I'm
sttrc I‘ll be in bankruptcy at the end
of the year and they‘ll throw me in
jail." For all those who would like to
join him or help him. Deanna Gould
is taking names and the number in
Albany is 457-5240.

 

:

 

 

 

ﬁﬁii‘én 3mm xcorr UllUOﬂ
mm UJFtIEH/IOII Lei/cutter...

DISCOUNTS
OR PASSES
THIS

 

 

ENGAGEMENT

 

I I BRUCE DGRna/Tom mema
'mwowwmm.mosmmi
mmwmwrmm

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS‘

PAGE TWO}

lute , . z I

UNDA’I‘ED- Israel bolsters front line forces on the Golan Heights and
steps up a military alert to checkSyrian troop movements as clashes erupt for
the 2tst straight day. Story on page nine.

NEW YORK - The Russians were shipping quantities of thcir 0w“
petroleum products to' the United States at the same time they were en.
couraging the Arab oil boycott against this country. Story on page ninc‘

. BELFAST - British troops sealed off an IRA stronghold in downtown
Belfast in a search for terrorist weapons. Prime Minister Wilson prepared to
discuss Ulster violence with cabinet in London.

National

NEW YORK - A government fraud case investigator told the jury in the
Mitchell-Stuns trial his superiors tried to prevent revelation of u 3200.000
donation by financier Robert L. Veseo to President Nixon'src-clcctionciiin-
paigit.

WASHINGTON - .Iury selection begins for the trial of Dwight l.. Chapm.
President Nixon's I'ormcr appointments secretary. who is cltargcd with 1) ing
to it grand jury.

\\ ASIIING'I‘ON (AP) - The Supreme Court Monday upheld ii coiitrmcr»
stat lcdcral law requiring banks to keep extensive records attd report to the
government on large caslt transactions by their customers.

the (I to 3 decision sustained the government‘s contention that the laws
provisions were a constitutionally permissible means to counter increasingh
sophisticated crime.

I MM'I‘EI) - Americans are paying record prices for gasoline now that
the Arab embargo is over. But the prices vary considerably. even within it
single community. as Associatcd Press survey shows.

\\ ASIIING'I'ON (AP) - 'l'hc Sttprcrttc Court today upheld IIIL‘ con-
stitiitionality of a tillage ordinance banning communal living.

In a 7-2 dccisioti. the court said the ordinance prohibiting more than too
unrelated persons from liviitg iit one-famin dwellings in Belle l‘crrc. NY .
was a reasonable method of governing land ttsc.

llic ordinance was challenged on grounds that it violated constitutional
giiurantccs ol privacy arid the riqu to free association.

Writing for the majority. Justice William 0. Douglas. said: “It is said that
the llcllc Icrre ordinance rccks with an urtitnosity to unmarried crittplcs ntio
live together. lltcrc is no cvidcitcc to support it."

PASADENA. Calif. (AP) - A tiny moving object which sceintists say nut)
be a moon circling Mercury has thus far eluded Muriticr |(l‘s powcrlul
cameras. despite an intertsivc space search.

The cameras scanned the neighborhood of Mercury on Sunday. seeking
the mysterious object which was detected by the prohc‘s ultraviolet lIl-
striimcnts.

"It is CIL'III' that there is a strong source of radiation detached from IV‘IL'I"
citry and iii apparent iitotion relative to the planet." said Dr. MIL". Mcl-Zli'oi
ol llnrvni'tl Uiii\crsity.

Mariner. speeding anay front Mercury aitd already more than a llllIIltltt
iiitlcs truth the planet. conducted the tnoon hunt despite an electrical problctit
tlizit threatened to silence tltc |.|00-pottntl probe.

.Scicitttsts reported Sunday on lIlCIl‘ first impres“on ol Mercury gleaned
Ii'otii tlllttl‘llllllltlll sent back I‘I'Idll)’. \vltcti Marine sped past the planet about
45.0 males above the SIII'ItICt: - a distance comparable to that bcttvccn | m
Attgcles and San I‘l'llllclhctt.

l)r. liruce Murray. ltcad ol the Marinertclevision team. said the Cl'illcl‘UtI
surlncc ol Mcrctiry is strikingly like the itioott but the interior SL‘L'IIIS to he
more like that ol the cartlt.

State

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP)- Gov. Malcolm Wilson signed a half-billion dollar
transportation hill Monday to subsidize mass-transit fares across the state
and to help upstate freight and passenger railroads.

The first payments urtdcr the new law will be‘distributed in May. Wilson
said after conferring with Transportation Commissioner Raymond Sltuler.

The bill contains $70 million to maintain the 35-cent fare on New York
City subways and buses at least through the November general election. $20
tnillion for commuter railroads into New York City.rind $l0 ntillioti for up.
state bus systems. All mohey must be matched by local governments.

Wilson said that. if the federal government grants his request for another
$200 million, fares could be maintained 'at least until May of next year.

ALBAN - The State Department of Environmental Conservation ordered
consolidated lidison Corp. to stop burning coal tit 'its Arthur Kill Unit 3 on
Staten Island. '

Sunday‘s decision also forbade the utility from using coiil at its
Ranveswood Unit 3 in Queens.

The state ordered
Con lid to use residual fuel oil to the maximum extent possible and gave per-
mission to use high-sulfur fact only when low-sulfur fuel is unavailable.

The ruling did not forbid the use of coal as an emergency source of
generator power. The state agency allowed Con Ed to continue to stockpile
coal pending federal decisions on what utilities will be required to use coal to
save petroleum products.

Commissioner James L. Biggane said Con Ed contends the use of coal at
Ravenswood and Arthur Kill could save Sl00 tnillion a year.

TUESDAY APRIL 2, 1974

‘ Elections’f r A. President inthe'pastfewyeai's have ~
I seemed more like street ﬁghts than politics. Name esti-
' ing. innuendcs, and gossip. formed the

- recent campus politics. -

Lost somewhere in the background of the campaigns
were the real issues affecting Albany State's student
body: student power. the tenure process, S.A. budgeting.
the expanding administration bureaucracy.

In an effort to raise the campaign'level. this year's can-
didates for S.A. President. Wayne Helper. Gayle

Knibloe. and Pat Curran. say they will

sonal attacks and strident rhetoric. All three hope that

viewpoints. not personalities. decide t

“We want to make this a model campaign.” Gayle
Knibloe said. but noted. “Sometimes it's not so easy to

do."

If not quite model candidates yet. the three at least give
the appearance of model citizens of the campus com-

munity. Wayne Hulpcr has been active

organizations as the University Senate. Council on
Promotions and Continuing Appointments. and AMIA.

After an incident with the CPCA over policy matters.

lialper resigned front that committee.

Hitlper. according to CPCA members. violated one of
its rules on the maintenance of confidentiality. His effec-

tiveness. they say. asa Council member

basis for much of

, i: Gayle Knibloe is currently an  on Indian Quad.
and though new to student government. she served this

, year as an advisor to S.A. President Steve Gerber.

Association.

refrain from per-

he I974 election.

-Knibloe‘s main concern going into this election is an
association and aura that has been built around her in
icgard'to her personal contact with the present Student

Pat .Curran founded SUNYA PIRG, sat as Vice-
Chairperson of Central Council. and was a member of
the University Senate.

Curran became the topic of serious questioning on the
part of his fellow Councilmembers last year who felt that
he failed to fulfill his duties as Vice-Chairperson. He

nonetheless drew his stipend check for that position.

in such SUN YA

Reports say that at least once. Curran was asked to
resign from Council. though he never did.

The ASP interviewed the three candidates this past
weekend. less than three weeks before election days
(April I7. 18. I‘ll. While Halper. Knibloe.and Curran all
expressed a strongdesire to win the Presidency. each was

surprisingly nonchalant about the upcoming election.

was seriously im- world.“

Pat Curran (Gayle Knibloe

It‘s in Ill) blood. Pat Curriiitsuys
of his role in Albany campus politics.
"I got involved iii strident govern-
iitcitt as soon as I got Ilcl‘c. This year
I tried.to cool it fora wltilc. concen-

w. butl

 

... . .
couldn't stay uninvolved for long.

liven Ill his year of semi—
rctircincnt frorn political life. Curran
was busy. lle Itelpcd organize tlte
coiistimerist-orientcd‘ N.Y. PIRG
group on campus. and now ltc sitson
the governing board ol'tlie organiut-
tioii. I’IRG is still battling for furt-
diitg under the mandatory student
tax. and Curran is an active partici-
pant in that light.

“I guess I just like to organize.‘
said Curran. But he credits all the
members of PIRG for the group‘s
remarkable success.

While not active in campus
politics this year. Curran remained
an interested observer of student af-
fairs. Hc has not been enthusiastic
about the administration of Steve
Gerber. In general Curran criticizes
the S.A. for lack of responsiveness to
student needs.

Aceording to Curran. the trio of
Concert Board. SUNYA Cinema.
- and Quad Boards. are most deser-
ving of S.A. aid. Inevitany other
S.A. funded groups would suffer
from Curran‘s policy. Nevertheless
Curran says that the needs of the
greatest number of students are serv-
ed best by “having better. cheaper
concerts. and more free movies."

Curran woukl directly apportion
funds to the Quad boards. on the
agreement that they come up with
plans for spending the money. Com-
muters too should receive funds to
establish a group. Curran said.
“hopefully more than just a com-
muter club."

Last yearCurran helped arrangea
meeting between Mayor Corning

roii/Itiucrl rm page 4

 

(iaylc Kitibloc‘s meteoric rise iii
S.A. politics began only last
summer. Asa C.A. for summer plun-
iiiitg conferences. Knibloe worked
closely with Steve Gerber on roien-
tations to freshmen on student

government. So impressed was Ger-
ber with Knibloe that he chose her to
be It member of his Cabinet iii the
fall.

"But I‘m basically a non-political
person.“ Knibloe says. “My
background is mostly in counsel-
ing.“ l-lowevcr. Knibloe believes that
her experiences as an R.A. and a
C.A. will stand her in good stead as
S.A. President. “I‘m familiar with
botlt student and administration
points of view. And I mean grass
roots student point ofvicw. Iwill be
it fresh voice in the S.A.. not jttst
another old face.“ _

Only Knibloe. of the three can-
didates. has a position in the present
Gerber administration. This has led
to accusations that Knibloe merely
speaks for the current
leadership. Knibloe deities any
charge of eronyism.

“I'm my own person. I‘m not a
;spokcsman for anybody.
Steve Gerber and Barry Davis have
helped me out—shown me the ropes
so to speak—but this doesn't bind

‘ me to them.“ Knibloe does think that

the Gerber administration has
“shown more llexibility and sinceri-
ty" than the previous Lampert ad-
ministration.

Despite her positive sentiments
about the current leadership.
Knibloe still feels that a “houseclean-
ing of SA." is needed badly. She
points to the Miami scandal as an ex-
ample of poorjudgmcnt on the part
of the S.A. hierarchy.

More power and money should be I

given to the Quad Boards. in
Kttibloc's opinion. so as to “give
r'riltlilttlr‘rl 0Il page 4

TUESDAY. APRIL 2, 1974

S.A. '

 

“Win or lose. I‘ll be in student government next year."
Wayne lialper commented. “It's not the end of the

Wayne HaIpeti

l-lorida may Itavc been Iiot during
tltc February intcrscssion. btit that
was nothing compared to the bur-
ning Ilric Longsliein received in
Albany tor his role in the Miami af-
fair. While students camped outside

i

won
thecampuseenter CouncilCtiairper-iI

son Longshcin waited indoors and

obtained tickets for the special

Miami bus. The first to notice

Longshcin was one of the ctimpers..
Wayne Hulpcr.

“I saw Itint iii the campus center.
and | shouted ‘Why is Eric
Longshcin allowed in the building‘!“'
Hulpcr spoke out Vchemcntly
against Longshein's activities in
Central Council meetings. “Since
then.“ Hulpcr relates."nobody inthc
S.A. will speak to me."

For Hulpcr the Miami incident
was "just one example of the special
privilege enjoyed by high S.A. of-
ficials." His dissatisfaction with stu-
dent government lcd him to enterthc
race for S.A. President.

“Clique rule“ predominates in the
S.A.. Halpcr argues. “People sit on
six or seven committees when other
people are dying to get on one.“
Hulpcr believes that succeeding in
S.A. is ll function of knowing the
right people.

“Since the S.A. is a closed group.“
Halper continues. "they have no
need to have direct communication
with the students. Steve Gerber told
everyone that lie would open up
S.A.. but he never has."

Special privileges and a closed stu-
dent govcrnrnent are behind many of,
llalper‘s grievances with the S.A.,
Hulpcr believes that he has ways to
counteract these abuses. If elected. ‘
lialper said that he will not accept
any privilcgs. including the “500,
salary paid the S.A. President.

Direct lines of communicationt
with the students. possibly with the'

‘ rotitima'rl on page 4

(ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I .tuing." llirnbaum addetb ,

i ‘ Andy Bitumen; _
Ken Wax are the announced

didtttus l'orrtb'e Student Association. .

Vice-Presidency." All the candidates
vow to keep the campaign clean and
have refused to comment about their
opponents. The one recurring issue
amongst them concerns more quad
power. and more quad program-
tniitg.

Andy Bauman is the assistant
coordinator of SASU here. He was
also on the Budget Committee. and
the University Senate. Man'y Cen-
tral Councilmen feel that his job at
SASU does not provide enough ex-
pcrienee for the vice-presidency.

Ken Wrtx is on.Central Council.
Some of the committees he is on are:
Finance Committee. Appointments
Reviewing Committee. and
Solicitations Committee.
notes. “I haven't been a maverick
legislator.“ Wax‘s main potential

.  'h'theis“n

indy Bauman

But he ~

Reforms (ommittee.'and the Miami ‘ 
Investigation Committee. He I _ v
as chairman on the latter two conk‘
mittees. Some Central Councilmen '
feel that Bimbaum iti'too'naive. not
nurture enough. and doesn't rally
know the workings of the Student
Association“ to be VP.
\

.leff Shtirman is still gathering
names to run but is undecided
whether he wants to be a candidate. .
Barry Davis Is the out-going VP.
Davis believes that the vice-
presidcnt “must be well liked. respec-
tiible and good with people. The
students must beable to relate to him
rind most important of all. he must
be ciipable of learning qui’ckly.".said
Davis. The job pays 800 dollars a

Attdy llituntan would “stress a ,’

strong contmitntcnt to the Student
Assembly of the State Universities

(SASU) il'clcctcd vice-president. He -
is assistant coordinator of SASU 5
here. According to Bttttiniin. SASU '
acts as a representative for studcntp "

.ii the New York State Legislature.-
Kctt Stokcm is the SASU coor-
dinator at the
ttpuninn noted that Stokcm
“dropped out ol working" and is
“not staying Intolvcd“ with SASL
According to. some SASU mcinbcrs.
lltitiiiiiiit Is in charge Iici'c.
Iliittittiin complained that SASU
“didn‘t do anything“ last semester.
So this semester Iic “took it upon“

"Power to tire quads.“ said Ken
Was. it Central Council member
from Dutch Quad. He would like to
see "increased power in terms ol in-
creased money“ go to the quads.
Wax noted that people identify with
their quads and offered State qitad
as an example. Wax wants to
"dccclllt'ttlilc SA" and make quad
boards tnorc powerful. He added
that SA should “be kept for special
stuff - like clubs attd Speakers
l-orum.“

litich quad should speciali/c in
sotiicthing. Wax noted. For exam
ple. Dutch has Albany State
Cinema. Indian - Hcttwnys. iind
State Itns lower East. said Wax. 'l'lie
vice-presidential candidate noted
that if “each quad had its own iii-
striiiiicnt. they‘ll get stronger and so
will the students.“ Wax added that
mandatory tax‘s “days are

numbered." ‘
Wax would like to set up an

‘ I
I'd I"! cum

" the most important tltiog is the
search for It successor to President
Benczct." said lru Birnbauni. a Cen-
tral Coucitntan front Alumni quad.
He added. "I would like to do
whatever I could to see there is it
good deal of active student par-
ticipation“ in the appointment of it

new president.
liirnbituni. if elected vice-
presidcnt. would “stress quad
programming more." He explained
that “the rttost direct way of reaching
students is to make student tax
worth 04 dollars. Aitd the “best way“
of that is “through quad program-

Iiirnbttunt Is it member of Finance

lllli\ crsity. But ‘

moving." Ilitiintan said he wcnt to
l-imincc Cointnittcc" IllltI got $1440
.‘litt'ipttI‘tIICI/L‘ SASU. Ilc explained
that $350 \\‘t.‘lll to peoples coit-
Iercuccs and about Slltltl was ap-
proprintctl Ior publicity. Hum 20.-
000 to 30.000 brochures. pamphlets

organirattott to act its . "clear
house“ so that quads can spread out
their events. This way everything
\ioiild not full on the same weekend.
tic added.

(Inc Central Council conitnittcc
ken Wits is on. is the Appointments
Reviewing Committee. This com»
niittcc looks over the qualifications
ol persons for jobs such as comp-
troller. arid the Supreitic Court. He
ttddcd that the commmittcc‘s

amines existing ﬂaws in the election
laws' aitd tries to “increase and
lticilitutc student participation“ by
making the laws more fair.

He was also 'chairman of'thc

' . ."Miuini Investigation Committee

which looked ittto the “imprioritlcs

 

Committee and Budget Committee. of the affiiir and class officers.“ Lust
He is also chairman of the Election year he was president ot‘the Alumni
Relurms Committee. According to . quad board. Wuhuml 0,, [my 4

 

lliritbtiuttt. this committee ‘tex-
PAGE THREE

 

 

