 

...M.,...........~ s...“

V . although it
i  rumtwtheexmiom
. vementlof tinny State catn-
granted nomoniest‘or the ex-

n of the Albany campus; ,.

g ‘SUNYA authorities we grieved
r bywhst they felt wasr's gross in-
justioeand a loss of digity on the
part of Albany start and students."
In responding, to the Central Ad-
minhtntion's claim’tliat Albany
'state'has achieved the status of a
"mature" campus . the SUNYA
brass ,cited .State Dormitory
Authority statistics on student-
incurred theft and vandalism for
each of the Albany Quads.
flowever no otlic'ul action was
taken in the matter until Central
Council. while waiting for a quorum
last week. decided to protest the
budgct‘s provisions (or lack of) for
Albany. They have instructed the
Ad missions Ofﬁce here to drastically
reduce the number of new and
transfer students admitted to
SUNYA for the 74-75 school year.
Council felt that this. mowiiwould
not only alleviate some of the lover-
crowded conditions here due to
physical plant limitations..$‘mi it
would alsosutl'iciently spitejheirest

by‘ , 111.: sujnvA Administration has I

. ‘ ‘
"ori ‘nally planned to attend Albany.

.The 's:i rejection. rate that Ad- '

v missions officers had previously
been instructed to follow for new

students has. as a result. been chang- ,

‘ ed toapproximatelylllllzlilhis will
allow only about 22 newstudentsto
be admitted to SUNY Albany for the
upcoming academic year.

i not commented thusfaron Council

s
move. bm‘ the " Inter-Fraternity

Council has expressed concern ‘

about" not having a real Freshman
Class next year from which in-
dividual frats could reemit new
“brothers.” Central Council has
since assuredthe Greeks that all 22
students admitted in the Fall will be
chosen; on the basis of their
predisposition for fraternity or
sorority life.

Ibll-a-Don- ﬁrmed ‘S‘quie "-

by Milo Polo

The I974 Tell-a-Don was held
yesterday. April I. in theCampesino
Ballroom. Members of the Family

went through the audience with.

hands outstretched asking for
money to aid underprivileged
members of the organization who
need a place to get away for a short
stay.

‘lhe contributions came in sur-
prisingly easily as Tell-a-Don
workers patrolled the Ballroom
making clear their desire to help
their fellows.

On entering the Ballroom.
audience members were stamped on
the hand with “Make me an offer I
can't refuse." '

.t The 'l'ell—a-Don workers all wore
the same uniform—light. striped
suits. black shirts and white tics.

"GRADUATES — REAﬁ" ' THIS! _.
Don’t forget to order your CRAPS AND GROANS.
Order form are available in the Bookstore.

Please remember to have yourself measured for
your craps!

They carried long. metal tubes with
handles. apparently some kind of
contributiona‘ry mechanism.

Some fat weatherwoman who
used to worlt with Frank Sinatra
before hisseventh retirementand her
canine bodyguard named Mucho
appeared. Bins Georgina. the
weatherwoman. got her: start when
their mothers were making lasagna
together.

'l'hc organiration's gambling cx-
pcrts. who put the odds of success at
4:2. also produced much money.
They also sang the theme song “Let's
be Amici.“ during the sing-sing in
front of the Albany Vice Squad.

They received money in the form
of markers froth many. amounting
to it total of SI] million bananas. to
which Binn Georgina is allergic.

 

 

FOUL-IT S‘UI‘IV BOOIGTORE

 

 

Awif'B

APRIL 2

7:30 PM

'Cv. \ N's». \-.

. 55.“. \

APRIL 2

7:30 PM

LC 12

THE UHTOLD HlfTOIlV OF WALT'S'

' ' "MI-#:‘E‘I‘Vx’é. 3

ENNY scrim siN EMMA

WHAT’S UP,
DOCK

THE TRUE STORY OF THE TITANIC

 

APRIL 2

7:30 PM

 

LC 12

FIVE SLEAZY
LEASES

m D€PTH more or AI.th
LANDLORDS

. , {V5.1 ‘52-;55

------------------------ - -,. .,.,.,. ._.‘.  _. : . .  .

AWFUL‘LY STUPID MESS

‘ wssntnoron. o.c. tAPE)—Today Président Ilichard M. N
voted the lirst recipient of the Pulitur Prize for Secrecy.
t‘AI'l-Z KENNEDY (RFD—Commander Neil Headstrong has nnnoun
plans to be the first lunar streaker. “d
Dli'l'llon‘ (Pvt-There was a large dope bust at the Detroit Lion‘s toutb- 1|
training camp this afternoon. The largedope is Alex Karras. and thc a
is unknown. - ‘
St'lllellt‘TACY (ClAl-A thiee-year—old research project row:
that Genesscc Beer is piped in from a Vermont cesspool.
.ll’t)l.ANl)(l0U) -— A 47-year-old research project revealed today tho it.
are indeed two sexes! . I m
(lll'I'I-ZRSIMBBOYIA (Flll—Li'l Abner. in his lirst official act as Illilt'm of
Slobliovrzi. today signed a new law making I plus I equal 3. Mayor [\an
claims that. under the new law. by dealing with other countries Slohbt v'vr
will soon own all of the world's currency. ) M
ii ASIIING'I‘ON. D.C. lAl‘Ll—l’resident Nixon was seen strczikuig items;
tltc White House lawn early this afternoon. His only words on liIt.‘ nth'cc
wcrc “Let me make one thing perfectly clear." ‘ J l
( AI.IH)IlNlA (USO-Tommy Newsom and Ed Sullivan wcrc nutttcd co-
\VllltlL'l'S of Forest Lawn‘s “Living Death” award today.
MARIM'IIAND (DUI—Katie Killjoy. the little girl from the “I‘lippt-t" l.V
SL'rIL'S. announced plains to marry the large dolphin today. Ilcr patrctth wcrc
iioi surprised. saying that they had expected the move tuna or iilit‘l

ixon wa.

sculpter

ilICti today

b'RISBIll-llANDKiR) 'I‘hc high-prince Umbango ofthc East African tuition
of l‘risbcchtnd has dealt a severe blow to himself and future leaders ol thitt
country. Lust night.during thctrtiditionnldancc ol'thc melons. tltc Illltit' 11m.
bongo tripped over it litrgc casaba. landing on his l'rontmost L'\iI't.‘llIll\’

Needless to say. it“ hopcs of Umhango futhcring an heir to his Iutiuc tliioiic
were crushed.

LUS ANGELES (GR) ’I'otic Fields was caught strcnkingacross zt dow iuowii
strch today. making hcr the lirst person to be arrested for indccciit Hit'lt'\-
positrc.

lllSIVl-Zl'WORIJ) ((iR) ’l‘brcc Walt Disney stars have ilIlIltllllIL't'ti [tinny to
siic with Disney Production. Inc. this spring. linnibi hits it St Ztiiillmti \llll
pending. claiming that he was “forced " its a youngster to pciloi III III .i wag
lilm. Ms. Minnic Mousc has dcmrtndcd n biggcr cttt of tlic L'ilL'L'VJ I iii.i|li

I)ontt|dl)ttck feels that the fact thiit he was represented its an "Illt'ttilt'ft'fli
Idiot“ in his films has shattcrcd his political curccr.

llAllRlSlllllthI’A.)l’cnnsylvunia enacted tin anti-streaking Iiiw \L‘WICIIIIH
Allill‘mchcndcd slt‘citkcrs will be forch to watch ten dttys ol t'tittltntintls
showings ol tltc ltttcst porno lilms usu deterrent to their Ctllllpllinltlli [tr ItIll III
the trade. It tltc porno films don't turn lhcnioffto nudity. 'I l)T|Ci'ICiti\ wtllbc
on hand tti strcttk tiround while the offender is strttppcd iii ti cliitii llicii the
ol'lcndcr will he rim out of town on a rail. turrch'etithcrcrL tlnti l1l\ t'lolhcs
cniilisczitcd. Second offenders will receive it" tidditionnl SIIHIU Iuic tot uidc-
ccttl exposure.

A source says the Hit. CIA. and Executive lirttnch of lllc I'cdcr.t| goo-no
them Will rcjcct tiny llmlilcillll who has it streaking record. 'I'hcsc :iguiicici .irc
tnyoly.d in kccpitig things covered up. rind are not interested iii ittI\H||L' who
would cxposc anything.
lllﬁlthi (AI’) lltc price of hearts in this niition was sccn dropping to .iii .ill
time low ol 3 ycn per bushel. Americans here an: disintcrcstcil, liowcwr.
[liltiywnt‘c risking "Wlinl docs this litch to do with the pricc ol pun In tltc

 

TRAN SCENDENTAL
CONSTIPATION

At taught by Moholriihi Molioeth Exlox

 

LECTURE
APRIL I

8:30 PM. LC 26

 

 

 

’J-

JULY 1, 1953

 

 

 

 

Bills Happed Over at Kangaroo Council

by Roberto .Iordiirio

Kangaroo Council mct last
Wednesday night for what promised
to be the vcry lust lime in its long. ig-
ntiblc cttrccr. Not one bill WllS pnsscd
tit the Wednesday session. which
culminntctl seven hours of intense
dcbulc ovct' tIic time thnt Council
should adjourn.

liclol‘c tltc Cottncilmcmbcrs. two
bills dealing with permanent sttidcnt
I'CDI‘CSL‘IIlltlltlll to till ilCildeiC comv
ttttltccs. one bill concerning banning
till ililllli guns on campus. and one
proposal to make tltc Atl-
ministi'ntton directlyticctittntnblclo
studcnt lcctlbuck wcrc tublcd loi'thc
lirst titccting in Scptcuibct‘. '

Wulitn 45 minutes tltc kcgs wcrc
dituncd. untl ('ottncil rccomnicnccd
tilt: inccting.

lltc Kungnroo Council had dccid<
cd :11 HS pl‘c\itlllbI‘llcclillglll conduct
lllt.‘ meeting in l't‘ycI'SL‘ order. in thc

Fo: All S.I|.N.Y.I\. taiiiptiiym
I-RllM: l'ci'soniicl ()llicc
Ill: Si A\|)/\Rl) |'I(()Clil)lJRl:'.
of INS | Rtlt‘l IONS IN Hill
I \’l-\I ()I‘ I)I-A| II ()I‘ AN
IMI'LUYI-I:
It has conic to tltc tiltcntion ol this
(lllicc that many cmployccs ill't.‘ dy-
ing on tltc pili. lot' nppnt‘cntly no
good rcatson til it”. l-uttltctntot‘c
Ilicsc SlItlIL' cmploy L’USIIIL‘I'CIIISiIthU
ill“ o\ct :tltct lilt‘) nic dcud.
l I | |.('I l\’| /\S ()l‘ .\()Vl-.Mlil:|<
22.1‘)7|

\ny cniploycc Iound Sllllllg ultct'
he or .shc has died will bc droppcd
Il'tltll pityroll all once.

It nltci scycrttl hours llitS pnsscd it
is noticed thnt tin cm 10 cc has not

 

Fort muruni

unmi mnott 'lllt'lltll'n. 'Ilti' II‘III/

hopc til accomplishing morc. 'l'lins.
tltc lirst words otit of Longstrcct‘s
tnottth wct'c. “lhc meeting is tid-
jouriicd." lly the titiic the Council
t'culi/cd the mistake. tIic scriotis
mood that thc llcinckiti illld im-
posctl llilti begun to diminish.

An incident tln'i utencd to disrupt
the linrnionious relations hctwccn
Council members. as one member
lrotu l)utch Quad accused Vice-
(‘hnirpcrson Chut'lic Howels oi‘tup-
ping tltc kcgsincori’cctly. “Shit. tltc
whole thing‘ll be full of foam.“ tltc
Councilman wns purported to huvc
said.

I

I Itirtccn members of the Council
wcl'c itnpciichcd ultcr l‘ivc minutes“
discussion for allegedly having it
pcrlcct attendance record.

The decision to bring beer to.“
mccting was made by Longstrcct
illlCI' serious deliberation. IlS he was
lzittcd with possible imprisonment

tiioyctl or clittngcd position. the ini-
tncdintc Sll|lt.‘l'\i.\tll‘ will iti-
\L‘SllglllCTlCL'lltISt.‘ ol highly scnsitiyc
inittirc ol our cmplnyccs and tltc
I'L‘Sclnhhlllcc hctwccn dculh tttltl their
natural working tittitudc. lilIS iti-
\csttgntion will bc llliltiL‘tllllcli)’ sons
to ttot disturb tltc clnploycc if he or
sin: is slccpittg.

II SttIlIt: doubt pcrsists ilh to lhcttc-
tuttl condition ol the cmploycc. ex-
tciiil tl pnychcck Ill tltc gcnct'nl tlit'cc-
tron ol tliccmploycc. Il thcctnploycc
tint}: not lL‘itCil lot it. it may he
t'cusoniibly ilShlIlllCti thut tltc pcrson
IS tlczttl. l.\olc: In somc itistnnccs thc
institicttno gtcrit. thtit n spasmodic
clutch tictton lllil) occtir. l)() NOI
l I IIIS I‘OOL YOU).

 

Ior distributing beer to students
without checking proof. Security
lind pt‘L‘VitlltSi)’ tht'cntcncd
Lottgslt‘cd about any such action.
bttt Lottgstt'cct obiiottsly decided to
brave Security‘s llll'ctllS lllltl go
ahead with his plans to drown tlic
inccting in lllt.‘ goldcn bubbly brcw.

Six Councilmcinhcrs w'ci'c curried
oll Ill stretchcrs by lulirrnnry pcr-
sonncl nftcr complaining that they
thought tltc room was “spinning
nr'ottiid rcttlly lust."

llircctor ol the Infumity. .lnnct
Ilookct'. Stliti. " I licir ichl‘S won't be
lictilcd tor about three months. it
shows you how these poor sttidctits
wcrc lcd front tltc paths of
righteousness and Sll'tlycd toward
tltc course ol sin. I think it‘s ti shock-
ing tlisgrucc." shc suit! as shc linishcd
lici' ultcr-Iuncli mttrtini.

In other htlsiltcss. Council didn‘t
ZlL‘CttlllpiiSil tiny.

Counteract Buys Wav

conics in tltc
tw'ti-yctt l'
pI'csidcncy ol Micliticl Armpit. Arm‘-
pit. I'rustt'ntcd by his inability to
httiltl \‘llSl cdiliccs in the manner of

by ‘Iltc Way

In it rttrc departure from llSllIti
SA Controller liob
il'OlL‘ tltc cntit‘c SA

di\crtcd it to tltc
ptirclizisc ol Wrivcrly I’Iricc.
('ountcrztct. who is presently
I'L'Sltilllg in Wnycrly Place. and scr-
\ing ttS cnrctitkcr lot' it wcckly stilziry
til hiltlll plus t'cnt. wins Itcttrd to

p roccdttrc.
(‘onntcruct
budget. and

_I'ctnttt'k than he was “just at l‘tilllllll'

tic.

-"'"tl limiter-r
...—- . i

M“ "

.l' ol'yt'ars Imm has .lt'tlt‘t'llt‘d his universe. Not only Iliephi
or wall. .S'tr’A'I'xl. It‘lu'l‘t' l/It' II'IIII-l'li‘l'refill/brutal!!!" creator tl htt.t'l'.\_/ilt' imc
iIIlIItI.’llIt’IlIt'tlIIiII ' o saris/circuit ii'IIItiitour out i.

by Inquisitor .

Sun-Ych ‘ l’irg. [a Chinese-
Amcricnn student at Albany Suite
released a detailed study ol'urea utili-
ty prices compiled by himscll'und ti
grottp of researchers; '

l’irg clittrgcd New York “Belle”
with monopolistic practices and
price lixing. Sttid I‘irg. “liycry
telephone on this campus without
exception is clutrgingthc cxnct stunt.-
into for phone CiliTS. which we in-
genioust cotiipittcd to be ten cents
per tncssiig unit." Nottinly thrit.
I'ii-g added. but the study indicates
llllll that some riitc is charged to
may plinnc iii the entire Albnny-
li'oy-Sclicncctndy ttrcn.

lltis. l’irg sand. is itn obi ions c.\-
:unplc ol monopolistic price—liking.
“I ctin‘t tuidcrstiindwliy tltc l’uhlic
Scryicc Commission hasn‘t caught
[his Iiclorc. Rc‘lltll‘lSViltuL‘ it that they
htnc been conducting this hltitntitl)
illcgnl tictiiity lor ycnrs."

Comments by .\‘. Y. Iclcxccutiycs
were not dillicttlt iii obtaining.
"Whttt lilt.‘ Iicll is wrong with this
guy?" risked one official. who rc-
qttcslctl to remain unnamed.

"Whrtt the ilL‘li‘lS wrong with this
guy'!“ another tinntimcd llcll tel ol-
lici.tl said. “Jesus.” he said. "\iou
teach them Kung-fn and they think
they're llon Quixotc."

Ilic strongest wordstownrd tltc
just-released study cnmc Iroin Corti-
putt) Clinirmtntol' thc llottrd. who

cyltortcd. “What the Iicll is wrong _

with this guy?" ~

Sun—Ych I'ii'g illlS rclcttscd n few
other sutwcys recently. lit a com-
pt'chcnsiw rc\ic\\ til SUNYA‘sdin-
mg hulls tltc Chincsc I’uhlic rcscnrch
wontch lound lttnttistic tlil'lci'ciiccs
in lood quantity. quality. lorm.
slnipc. itgc. tc.\turc. titstc. sincll.
:ippcut'ztncc. and clarity It'oni hull to
hull.

lhis tiction
I'ctiwttkcning of tltc

lortncr (ioycrnoi' N illson
Rockclcllcr. w‘hcn dclcutcd iti his
uttcnipl to convert tltc (iytn into it
T‘ICIti llousc tind comcrt tltc tcunis
courts itito cslcntlt‘d gt'nndslattttls.
dcctdcd to tttrn hiscnct'gics to tltc tic-
qtusition ol nlrcndy constructed

'.\'lt‘air¢'tl/Illt'.\'. but [than '
Iligi'n/ (‘.\'f.fll‘lll'l'. t'.t [itll'l it] our

,Ych’

about their dining room. measuring
chicken bonus and 'noticing}wlitit
color tltc brend turns when‘the‘y
dropped ccniiiticliemicals on it. Pirg -‘ '

'wiis ttblc to obtttin a Carlton-l4,

duting processingmachine to deter-
mine how long ccrtiiin desserts had
been on tltc sliclycs.

\Vuterbury's dining hall. Pirg dis-
covered. gave an average of 24
st runds of spaghetti ttvcraging 8.9 in-
ches each while Dutch Quad dining
room gityc ll strands averaging 7,5
inches! Stui-Ych did say that the
strands on Dutch had a greater
dittnictcr: ncithcr. liowcycrvwere as
fut us tltc ones oti State. The study
also showed that Colonial and
Ilrubnchcr iiycrttgcd lbllS rut hairs
pct' “Mr. Albuny Student" iio‘r‘mitl
mcrtl. w Itilc tltc newer Indian averag-
cd just under it thousand. ~"“"““'

In the future. I'irg and his
researchers pIttn to compare toilet
pttpct' lc\ltll't.‘S nbnut tltc campus rind
stirtcy the inlirnturics. bookstores
and gyms tll SUSYA. ‘I'Iic toich
pupcii‘sttrtcy is already rolling: ti
c‘o'nirtutvt' has helped them establish
lirclcu't'cgorics: Splintcring. Still".
lItilittirittitril.usli utid vl.uo.~c.

I'lii'g'w'lttitx to iriicstigntc the
'lcgniillcs‘lnl: Iiilllill‘ijllllllil price sur-
\‘oy:.'it\‘s’7ltc‘-’.~'t'iiilifrt\VcTwiriiit to try to
rcd'tic‘c‘ tltcsc lthatll‘d‘lhil'l)-ltt-t:igltl)
pci' cent tniu'kups thit‘t many dealers
acct“ to think are reasonable.“ In4
need. markups ol its much its 300' l
ilil\L‘ been reported.

I’ii'g did not comment nti the
tumors ‘lilltl he and his assistants
would he comparing grul'liti. It llilS
bccn stud tlittt Sll\\ A gttilliti is less
interesting. shorter. illlti simply Tc»
common tlt;it lilill ol otlict \mcrtcnn
llIll\t.’l'SIllt'S.

erly Place

buildings.

(liicc tignin. Iic \\Il.\ lil\\itl'lL'ti in his
ItllclilplS to buy the old 1) ch Ii
Iluilding downtown. but lclt sonic
SilllSilIClltllt in pcrsttndittg his lricnd.
I rule. to add thut pt‘opcl‘l} to the
ult'cnd) lttt‘gc Stntc llniiclsity ol
\cw York.

HtIlIIL‘L‘S tnS \ thut wctcttuitc high
|1lt’ti|t‘li'ti tltc nioiuig of SA ollicc~
lioiu tltc ('utnpus ('cntci to \\;i\ctly
I’Ittcc. "Ilitit mu." tltc source
mumbled. "they could ht: lirsl on line
it licn they sell tltc tickcls tti tltc Ilob
ilylnn concert |l\'\l month." llcthcn
lookctl It'll'lili) upscl und said thut it
um :i \Ct‘lt‘l Illlti ollct'ctl this I'cptirtct'
two tickets to keep Sticlll on this.
//tt'\ t'iyiiii'lt'l‘ tl_I{/'l't’tl.

\\ itlt tltc dcpnt'tuic ol tltc Sltitlcnt
Assoctutton lrotn Till' Cninpus
yCcntcr. it is c\pcctcd tliitt tltc
Albqu Studctit I'Icsswillmotcuito
room No. \ttcttttng rooms 333 and
Ho. kccping rooms 334 its thc Wcst
“mg lit'nnclt. \\'.Sll.l\ will gct 133
and .U-I would go to tltc ltitci'-
nutttinnl Studcnis .‘\Sxtlt.'iillltlll.

()l cotit‘sc. opcraitton without any
tttottcy will cull lot austerity
iiicnsuics oti tltc putt o1 tlic \urious
SA groups.

lhc limiting Club is sclling its
hunt. and buying it poslci ol tltc
Cttrribbcun; thc Skydiying Club will
have skygn/ing scswtitts in the for-
mttl gardens: WSUA will rctricycttll
uscd cons and string from tltc S UNY
pcttcli cartons discarded by l‘SA
(cictituully tiny snitc will be tible to
hook in. iii tnono orstcrco)‘. and the
Albany Stitdciit I’t'css will continue
operations on it special ingenious
buffer fund crcttted by .Iot'f Rogers in
1972.

AWFULLY STUPID MESS NEWS PAGE THE THIRD W

‘””‘””"””"""" ' '  - ._ ,,  .AUGUST19.1955

 

 

 

 

 

