 

 

i.

 
  
 
  
    
  

 

    
     
      
    
    
     
    
       
        
   

My». .

  
   
  
    
         
     
     
        
    
     
 
 

i‘.“~..W~.. 4:—

     
      
       
     
     
      
    
      
   
    
   
      
     
   
      
          
      
       
       
        
          
           
        
           
     

 

 

 

  
 
 
   
  
  
 

  
 
 
   
    

   

 

 

 

he'King Pin'

They've all been indicted. Mitchell, Haldeman. Erlichmann,Stans, Colson. the core
of the former White House power elite. They’ve been hit with charges of conspiracy. ly-
ing before a grand jury. perjury obstruction of justice—all the unsavory white collar
crimes [that used to go unnoticed. But not now. The courts have got each of those once,
highlyrespecteQnen on criminal charges. All except one. Richard Nixon has evaded the
lawful persuit of justice for too long. His aides are almost inevitably going to go tojail.
while. in all probability the top crook is still occupying the ofﬁce ofthe President ofthe
United States.

Who’s kidding whom? Nixon has got “cover-up" written all over his political face. if
not downright complicity. The judicial system which has been working pretty ad-
mirably of late. must not now lose the persistance necessary to the just conslusion of
this sordid affair.

Parliamentary Blues: |

Governments of the world. beware! The lessons that have been thrust before us dur-
ing the past week are a sobering reminder that the brutal facts of economies are far
stronger than the tenuous ones of politics. Britain has seen its Conservative govern-
ment led by Mr. Heath thrown out by beleaguered voters. Crippled for weeks by a
paralyzing nation—wide coal miners strike. that small nation has had to d( with a three-
day work week. little if any electricity and gasoline. and an economy strained to its
limits.

The voters have shown their disgust with the present situation in their country. They
have shown that they are simply dissatisﬁed with the way the Heath government has
been running things. The bitter antagonism between Heath and the miners has elevated
Harold Wilson. who was deposed in 1970. to the ranks of nostalgic legend.

Wilson will be working witha minority government. a situation that isdifﬁcult in the
best of times. but almost hopeless in the critical times such as England faces now. The
record will show that Wilson is a far more able leader in times of political
brinksmanship. when the balance ofa policy hangs on the majority ofone vote. than he
is when given almost absolute authority over the House of Commons. Britain could
not have picked a better time to return Wilson to power; perhaps he will be able to
salvage the damage done before him.

Parliamentary Blues: ll

Prime Minister Golda Meir has finally succeededinuchlcvmgthe goalthat has eluded
her since the December elections the formation ofa new government. Faced with much
the same problem as Great Britain. namely the inability to coordinate disparate fac-
tions and parties into a workable coalition. Mrs. Meir was. at one point. moved to
threaten the country withno less than her resignation and at another. to resign herself to
the thought of a Cabinet without Defense Minister Moshe Dayan. Dayan had come
under severe criticism for the punishment the Israeli forces took during the October
Yom Kippur War.

With the announcement that the traditional allies of the Labor Alignment- the hi-
dependent Liberals and the National Religious Parties willjoin in Mrs. Mcir‘s coalition
government. lsraeltis now assured of operation under a majority government. which.
until the hour before the legal deadline was an uncertainty and virtual impossibility. lit
the coming intense negotiations with the Egyptians and the Syrians. a unified govern-
ment is a vital pie-requisite rl Israel isto at least be able to talk with a unified bargaining
hand with her Arab adversaries. The kind of political dealing and haggling that went
on around-the-clock until the coalition was ﬁnally announced. showed the World that
the ell'ecis ol the Yom Kippur War on Israel's political arena was catastrophic.

With the Genevartalks (if they ever surface) set to talk realpolitik over Israel's future
and the luture ofthe Middle East in general. the new government would be will-advised
to work together until the aftermath of the war is settled.

 

  
  

ALBANY
gTUD NT
RES

. AM. It ltt:Niii.it\
llAtrtrr “I.th ir

l)A\ni leMM

\Aht’i Ar riAt on l).Avr ll \ltltlltslilll
(trim. to». Nostril
Now i ‘Mllllm
list it l)A\ts
Kl\l\ i)ANll-.l.b

Jr in liAiMrtM

ttrtr r-r MAooiN
Kt\ Artur ow

I lNllA Mirrﬁ
l INIIA lusmrmit
[is /r i'xiirMAN
liAniti ('irAi.i
MArr Mlit‘K.Ml!l|i\l.l.l{tr‘t|1f\|MAUll
.lliltiti AlJlltlir'lll
Wt no .oAstri It

Emma IN ('itm ..
.ssts'tArsr to Hit I-ltittorc,

&tws Etitioii.

AssotrArt Niws ktirtous

( IH I‘.Dllmt

l-jtiiirritiAt PAM l-Lirr‘urir

Artis [intuit

Assor rAri Ants l-lniioit

Putqu liot'rmr

Sl’mlls Eoriou .

Asuit iAtr Sr-oitis horrou .

AIH’Htlllilht. MANAltul . ..... . .,.,.

AssottAtt ADVHHIMM. .MANAhut . .. .. . .

( iAssririii Anviuirsrm. humour

'1 uri~ti At Etritrtir . .

AsuiirAii 'luier Ar. Elblltllt‘:

“LMNMA Mammu

(iuAmri Lotion . .

.Amurtryttst, l’itortt r trim .. (Il’Jtll Aor l'lt. ('rt.rti liltihl‘tt. (iAIti in two.

U’lmttihuu‘lli borrow. ttori MAltNllzh, tiAvrii SrrAi'trio

 

 

.(lr ii unit is Ant tor Ari ll l'v t‘AMirt s Cannot 321mm; U4 Ahlltitdi l‘lttlleS AHL 457-2l‘10 Atiuiiﬁ'I-ZI‘M.)
Wt Arir. rtrrrtititi Irv 1M srtroiiiri Asst-r iA Tum

QuotdoltbeDly-

not think so.”

“I believe he's better off . . . to let it all hang out. He [President Nixon] may

—Senatar Jacob Javits (R,-N, Y. ) when asked about the surrender

of documents and tapes to the House Judiciary Committee

 

 

 

 

"no-us. maul

 

 

A Young View of Washington
What The U S Needs: A Good 6c Letter

, . . . . .. by Ron Mendren-

Washington ~ 0n the eve of a new increase
in postal rates to l0 cents per ounce for first
class. the prestigious American Enterprise in-
stitute has published a study supporting it
breakup ol the government's mail delivery
monopoly. I'he message: Let‘s givc pr‘riatc
enterprise 2i crack at the job.

It is not. ol course. a new idea. bill is one
which has received renewed attention In the
past decade as postal rates have soared to all-
ttriie highs itlld thcqualityolservrcc. at least in
the minds at some has steadily deteriorated.

l’iirt ol the problem. to he sure. is bad public
relations on the part ol the Post ()llicc. lhc
most recent example making the rounds in-
\olyes tt lady who complained to it postal
employee about the tritigli trciitincrit her
tragrlc box ol cookies was iccci\ing llic rtatc
clcrk promptly had the lady arrested rind
rolled in thc boriib \thlilti. tiiticli to

may butin later chitgi in

lltit poor public relations does not explain
.rway the hard reality that it lS costing more
and more to mail letters that take longer and
longer to arrive Ihc lact |\ [hill the grant
postal corporation illlti oig.iiir/.rtiort whth
docstt't how to pay taxes. on whose losses
tire stibsrilt/cd liy ('ongiess. Ullt‘wlllt‘ll hirstop
niiiritigcrncrtt minds in its bcck and crrll is
showing increasing signs ol hcttig trtirtblc todo
the Job which it wascommissioned to pet'lor m

At tlitstirriclrnic the privately owricrl llnitcd
l’arcel Scrircwwlirch has It.) pay taxes like the
rest ol its. wlitcli most sustain iisowri losses,
which must compete lor|its business not orin
with other turns but also against the virttirrl
gmcrrirrtcrri riioriopoly over mail delivery-
coritirtttes to grow and prosperttollll trrrllrott
prickagcs rhltvered this year). ()livroirsly. rl

ltl’S. in spite ol all th edr ulties. were not
doing it better job than the Post ()l'licc. and at
a lower cost. they would not be growing and
making money.

there are other examples: Utility corn-
piirircs which have learned they can hand
deliver their owti bills cheaper and rtiotc ellec-
tively than the Post ()llicc i‘llllh which li.t\c
switched to private third»cliiss mail dclryering
coriiparires are saving stamp money while en-
toying better scr\icc.

the success ol UPS and its sister firms
suggests a strong case lor gii trig private enter-
prise a chance to coriipctc With the Post ()lfice
lot lirst~cltiss marl dcliicry business. now
prohibited by liiw ()l course. the Post Office is
opposed to such ii move. partly because they
k now thicr orgiinr/iition. like most
gritctrirticltt Illll ripctrrltiitts. ts lltl slittpc tit
crintpctc wrtlt pii\.itc businesses lhe l'osr ( ll
llu' iiltlllt'\ tli.it pii\.rtc ltrtiis would "skrin Ilic
th'dtll oll the top". tli.it they would rlcliycr
trrst~cl.tss niarl ttlic l'ost tllliic‘s rcrrl money
maker t .rrtd ignore sctotid .lilllti rtriil loiittli
cliiss rit.irl. whth are now lmrirg propositions
lor tlit’ poicinrticrit .rriil lt‘llllllt‘ taxpayer sub-
\ltilt'\ Ilowcicr. that argument is ttscll iirr .rrl
mission to HIV tli.irgctniil when you and l iiiritl
.r lrtst class lrsttci. part irl oitr stirrup llIttllL‘\
gitcs to [my lot the dclrycry ol llt‘vthttpL'lS.
rtt.ig.r/inc-.. .tnd hulk~r.itc "pink" niiirl .rri c\
plititirtirrn iil taxpayers il cicr tltctc witsonc

but even with .tll llll‘i cirtltntc. will Ilii'
iitoriopoly be broken up ’ Probably not When
was the lust tirtrc yotr saw goycrrinicrti gtic tip
controls" My guess is, ll wasn‘t recently Arid
the Post ()llice will be tio exception. not at
least urtlrl we wake tip ottc morning rind lintl
out that the cost ol ii stamp is so high. it's
clieapcr to use the [iltoilL‘

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

eco-LOGrC-arry
speaking

To the Editor:

II is ludicrous to blame the environmen-
talists for the present energy crisis. As itn en-
vironmentalist I would like to refute what I
consider misconceptions on the part of
Douglas LeCompte in his coltimn. “The En-
vironmentalists and the Energy Crisis." The
present crisis (specded. however it might be.
by certain oil companies) has been predicted
since the 1960's by environmentalists and
research groups like the Club of Rome. The
energy crisis is a product of decades of
wasteful abuse of the world‘s resources by a
greedy materialistic Western Civilization.
(Our military complex alone. consumes 30
million gallons of fuel every day ZNS.) 'l'hc
environmentalists have long been advocates of
measures like mass transportation. that would
conserve our resources. it is the oil cori-
glomcrates rind atito manufacturers who are
to blame for keeping the gasoltne-gu/Iling tn-
tcrnal coriibtistion engine in e\ery garage. And
it is the tiil companies who are rcaping wind-
lall profits iii the present crisis. 'lhc cri-
vironmcriliilists aren't iii it lor the money.

Ihcy‘re on the wrong side ol the power struc-
llll'U.

Ilccl the Doug‘s basic lll‘Sltth' is rtt assum-
trig thc environmentalists to be .t bunch ol
lirnritti's «it lIS he puts it
"l’rrrnitrycs. ctiiirtiourcd by the ltlL‘il ol
western innit riirrtirtrrig the ‘rtohlc S.t\t|gc‘\ itnd
renoirncrng tlic intttciriilrsrn ol oiii .tgc." \1riti.
whether he likes it or not. lS it part ol his
natural cmriortnicnt. not “pull hour it Man
has too long btirlt a metal. plastic. and glass
barrier against the natural world. lltc ques—
ttoii is now. whether tiilcl abusing his
resources and miiddyirig his air and writer. tl
Man cart continue to liie rn llISLiIll) playpen

I think it you takca long. hard look at the
environmental moiement. you will liiid that

vibe “Doomsday crowd" and “religious nuts"

are but a uselesslringeol the movement. Most
ertvrronrtientalisls rirc clear-headed, and set
long-range plans. l think that in any city or
state you will lind them to be the lirst to rid-
vociite regional planning. It happened right
here in Albany last year. as the Albany State
|’.Y.li. (‘lub and otliei concerned groups
lought to save the Pine litisli against
hupha/riid destruction.

I disagree wrtli Doug's refusal to accept
governmental control. Without some kind itl
order you hiiyr: chaos Without regronnlpliiri
long you It.i\e hriphzi/aid tic\t,‘lrtplllt'lll. and
ugly urban suburban cycsorcs lhc consch
vritiic approach is to resist goyeinnient L‘iitl-
ttol ol big business Well. their [My Site or
more lot a grillortol gas lcr‘ri the rich otlr:orn~
party stockholch and ptill your belts in
another notch

Doug's contplitrnt against intro-solely
regulations w;r~. rirrhi-r silly I‘rl lrkt tonsk lirtit
rl he would |irc|ct .i lllltt‘st‘ti lrllt‘ill‘uti or lliL'lili
crtlliii it he grit into .r crash’ \tso. the St) inrlc-
illl‘lltitll speed lirtrrl does make sense It sitics
both lrycs and gasoline r\~ rcgzrids emission
control. the lirpiiriesc took hitll the lllliL' to
dciclop .i system rinicli lllttlL' L‘lllt‘lt‘lll Ilic
American auto rnanuliicttirers piit only :i liall~
hearted ellort into the tliirtg with prcdrctrihlc
results. [here is actually it pioblcrii with thc
large cars which l)oiig omits. large ears use
more gasoline but they itl'L‘ iil'so salci than the
small ones. lith don't blame the t'tl\ rtorirricii-
talists lot this lhey are the ones wlioiirc Icllr
trig you to ride the hits. rcrrterrthcr"

It Is trite that present crivrrorirncotril laws
are chaotic llirt that is because the National
l'llirlltilllititliliil i'rrllL\ Act ol l‘)b‘) doesn't
have enough teeth to II [he orl i'oriipiinies.
steel corripriiiics. papci nulls itnrf their lobr
hyists :rnd liicnds iri( ongrcssrrrcconsistently
undermining it lhr l‘)7.’ lederiil Water
Pollution (’ontrol «\ti (sponsored by Senator
Muskie) was a llllSltth lt cAcriipIi-d the
l'..|'.A. fiorii corttrol ol pcrriirts Section llil
(2c) oi the Act whrcli reiiitircs l:iivriorrrncntii1
lmpiict Statements.)

What this country desperately needs is
national enviroiiriiental planning. lin-

vironincnial laws ought to be coordinated in a

FRIDAY MARCH 8, 1974

 
   
 
    

coherent framework. Environmentalist!"

. should. notjbe' blamed for holding" upstlie

gayishing of the earih by thirsty oil companion...
Our than fuel supply is limited and aunties ‘-
heeonserved. Exploration ought to go on in:
wind. solar. and nuclear energy. but under
rigid governmental control so that there are no
disastrous accidents. Drilling should have
taught us that. in his article, Douglas
LeCompte made it sound ridiculous that we
should be concerned with the fate of Alaskan
Caribou. There was a time when you would
have been ridiculed for criticizing the shooting
of passenger pigeons. And there was a time
when there were deer in Manhattan.

Dan Frinta

Off And Running

.[‘0 the Editor:

It should be fairly obvious to all (even to_
those of you who have no idea as to what kind
of games are being played by the people in-
volved in your Student Association) that peo-
plc are starting to iridirei'rfi' tell you that they
may he rtinnitig for S.A. offices next year. For
those ol you who cannot see all ofthe subtle
hints. l‘ll try and spell a few of them out for

you.

i‘il'h‘l ot iill. there is the newly formed
political party on campus. This is being started
by lluiid Criyrie. lriie. his intentions are rid-
rntr'itble. He (and I say Ire because the party
and Mr. (‘oi'neiir'eoneandthcsrirrieiwriiits u.
strain“: to he riiorc aware of what is happen
mg on campus and iii our Strident Associa
non We should even thank David ('tiync to
his open imitation to rrllofirr to attend th
orgiirtr/attoniil meetings.

lwo points must be raised concerning this
"party" i‘llSl til it”. why were pci‘sonrih/crl iii-
\tlzllliitlS scrit out to specific nicnibcr's already
Iti\ril\L‘tl in oiii goi crrimcrit'.’ It will becoinr.
.tppiircnt. l iccl. tliitl his political party is i

hllllt'il ol critp All it willdo is highlight the [act ‘

tli.it the people already Ilt’tlt’fft in\olv‘cd iii
S.r\. hityc no minds ol their own. vote iii
blocks. and giic little thought and considera-
trori tothc people they represent (loi example.
it they cared about our Wishes. why the hell
it rtsn't I‘rrc l,onschein kicked out rtl ollicc for
his :rcnoris on the day the Miami tickets went
on sale?) S. A.. as it is now. is run by a few elite
people whom I shall refer to from now on as
the “SA. Clique".

Also. why is Mr. Coyne formiiigthis(which
he sir s is to help educate the“people" as to the
workings ol S.A.) so late in the year, ll be was
trrrly interested in educating us. he would have
lorrned this party a king time ago. 'I hrnk
about it.

Another tid~bit. rilso coincidentally
authored by Mr ('oync. isthciticltisron iti liist
wcck‘y ASl’ .iccotinls its towhrit happened at it
lt'\.\,'||l ('crttrtil (‘otincrl riicetrrig. llic article
w.r. written with such ciirciirid dctrirll thought
\lt (oyrtc would lcll us who blew his nose
lrisr .rt ihc incetrrig. it is getting rather late iii
the year tit show people that lrt'carcs enough
to rrtlorrii them ol ('cntrtrl (‘otiriCil activities.

lhr.rc must be ulterior motives.

l will not deny that liini wrrtrrig this letter
lrrt reasons other than having my name
prtrtrcrl Ill thc ASl’ or to tell my lrrcrids how I
Iccl .rborit inditcctricss. lam writing. also. to
.tnriorintc my Lilttdltittt') lor Student AS‘tthIiI'
iron l'resirlcnt next year I won‘t play any
grrritr-s wrtli you and I will tell yoit exactly. at
.rll trriics what my intentions are. My plat.
lorrri and the conccpts lioiit wlitcli i shall
operate are simple lloricstyirnd rioriiorc Bull
Shirl! It only ('eiitriil ('ouricrl would stop
playing their gitiiies and would get down to

work. maybe their meetings wouldn't last un- t

trl l or Z in the rriorrirrig. rniiyhc Student
Assotiiitiori would do something lot the
stirrlcrits.iirid rititylicit licllol a lot tllirlL‘ people
would be stitislrcd. l. lor onc. irrri not at all
-..rrt.lii-d rrgltl now. It thcniajorrty ol you are
\itll‘tllctl. then \Ult: lot the utndidate that this
"polrtrial parry“ puts up against Illt‘. ll. rtsl
strspct'l you .rrc not satislicil. then lets get the
NJ“ Iiillttl)! by iliirrigc and honest work
Wayne Robert lliilpc

Whose
Social Welfare?

lo the liditttt‘

Ihis year. the Undergraduate Social
Wellrric Department has demonstrated its iti-
abilities and bureaucratic priorities iii dealing
with its students. Not only did the department

ALBANY ST

 
 

 

  
    
   
   
   
  
   
      
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
    
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 

uréléuly fail to realize itsdemdndto thorium-
munity a I
who declared themselves majors" in the held
“last fall. but at a later date desperately
att'e‘ntpted to encourage these same willing
students to change their major. The accom-
modation of majors to the senior year prac-
ticum (equivalent to the student-teachingarea
of the Education Department) has created the
tremendous upheaval. As the department
failed in discouraging their juniors. they have
been deciding on specific ad mission standards
to be implemented this year for the upcoming
junior class. What these standards will be are
yet to be revealed.

The six times I wished to approach Dr.
Rooney. Director of the Undergraduate
Program. he was never in his office at his
specified office hours nor was his secretary.
Those sophomores who were lucky enough to
finally contact him were given vague answers
as to possible testing procedures. index re-
quirements. interviews and the like. When is
the department going to talk in concrete terms
instead of these hazy generalities while so
matiy sophomores who have been preparing
for the (to credit requirements since freshman
year await these impending decisions?

furthermore. does the Social Welfare
department realistically think that they can get
away with such pursurts‘.’ According to the

   
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
  
 

the incoming  clan of that year. 

buried-ﬂy tli‘eju‘nior moody  excerpt“ under thesaﬁbbuf  View: I
readi. “Requirements interim“  u' for? A r, .
other programs in the Univenity.‘mhe . ; 4. ,

‘quirementsfor'other departmenu‘ii‘redu‘nioi u ‘

credit standing only. then this in ititn, isi‘he '
only basis for admission for the future social
welfare major. In addition, the l973-74
catalog also stipulated that the School of
Social Welfare along with the Schools of
Business. Public Affairs and College of Arts
and Sciences have as their only requirementa
junior credit standing. lt speciﬁcally states
that only those registered in the Teacher
Education Program must be accepted on
other applicable terms to the School of Educa-
tion. Evidently. the School of Social Welfare
is going to have to take careful consideration
in their upcoming final decision orthcy might
be faced with an inrefutablc law suit for breach
of contritet to the class of '76.

However. the department continues to
“take its sweet time“ while so many
sophomores anxiously await these important
results which will so dramatically affect their
futures. lit conclusion. it appears grossly
ironic that so many upper cschelon ad—
ministrators who are so unfair. unl'celing and
tincomprissronate to their student body can
lltl\i: the audacity to call themselves Social
Workers!

Debbie Cilatt

 

.'.“ ' 0.9%.".

 

 

 

 

Environmentalists:

hy 'l'om Moyer

We are all environmentalists. We may fall
trito different categories. btit we are all eri~
viroritncntiilists. We can‘t help it. I here isn't a
one ol us who doesn‘t live in this earthly en-
iironittent or' who ciiri claim not to hciilfected
by our entiroiiriicrit. ()tit cn\ironmcnt is all-
L'IlL'tlllll‘ilhhllle.
: Perhaps it would clcai things tip il cri»
\ironrneritiiltsts were divided itito critcgoi'res.

lirisrcrilly. lilt'lL' is the "Armchair litl-
-\|ttitlltit'lll.tll\l" who has .t stipei‘licml and
Ilrrinted kriowlcdgc ol cit\ironmcntiil matters.
:(Jlrerr. he I\ trtirrgrrriilly concerned with ccrtrtin
issues it tlicv happen to he allecting liirii at the
moment He is olten described by others as

{some krrid ol pinko-wtcrdo ecology not" or
an "elite. blrisc. oyei reitctric socialrstic tinder-
iiiiiici o1 tlic ’\lllCllL’ttll way irriil other assorted
things that made “US country great " I'hc
;.'\llllt'ltttlt lnyironrncntiilisl devises tiri-
Ewttrknlrle solutions to the energy crisis like a
‘illiilll to plucch lrirm liiriuriry .ll right to
‘;M.rrtlt | cancelling l'ebruary because it is the
E'L'oldcst rrioritli ol the year, Alter continued
E’iltllltihhlllcttl. tlic Armchair i‘llVll'tllllllClllilllsl
oliert reverts to art “Underarm iillvll‘tllllttcll'
trtlist" who thinks very littlc.spciilrsahout less.
and doc-soothing llisredeenirngqualilies'llle
can be rendered harmless at little or no ex-
pcnse
At lilt‘ other end ol the spectrum is the
:“(tyctritrncd lniironriicritzilist" who is over-
Ellllriltllcti. over-qualified: trier—skilled. ovcr—
'ZEycrbose. llL‘\L'l oieiworkcd. and usually

 

 

 
  
  
  
  
 
  
   

oicrvvliclrrw llh audience to the piiirit where
1C)lt’.l\i:lilt'llltlii)i)t:ilt'\lllgllll|lliltfllIll\’ll(ill-
tent is doomed lhcy then proceed to wreck
avoc on lilt'll llllt'llltli irnd cxtcrrirtl ctryrroti-
. rent in it last ditch .ritcriipt to live like no
.loniorrow while grabbing [or all the gusto they
in ()1 course. this results only in a speeding
p the very late tiist described to them. l'lius
ie ()Vct‘ullttcd lzrtvironrnetitrtlist. a true
Efacgotist at heart. cart once again proclaim that
,lie was right about his doomsday predictions
j while choosing to ignore the fact that he has

 

 
 

UDE’NT PRESS

Klutzes, Deities, or Pagans?

 

only ricd woll" once again. His redeeming
quality‘.’ It properly guided by innovating.
level-headed administrators (it any can be
tound liitkrng about the degrcdritron) he can
put his screntrlic skills to work in it tunnel vi-
Sltlll IilSllIlill. pausing orin to be o\r:r-
optimistic and stopping completely when lit:
drscoicrs that “all systems end iii collapse".

At this porrit tltc ()ici‘iitmcd lzniir'onrticn-
talrst tcicrts to it category specilically crciitcd
lot lirrir Ilic "Always. Sometimes. (it Never
(Dr (J). none ol the ;\l\t|\L'l l-iwrr'otimen-
trrlrst". one who is no lorigcr playing with a lull
'dcck. has lost his marbles. and is petrnanently
tout to lunch.

there are probably an irilrnrtc number of
categories and :itlltdnlsliitts. including the
‘\llltll\llc'. ('rtisadcr. ()urrsr. and latent liti-
\tronnicnt.ili\ts its well Al‘. the l’hony, (it-verti-
incnt. illlLi Industrial l rnrronincrititlrsts and
thc Sitter-l Illtllgvitl-i,\CI)-(itltlti. the One-

 
  
 
 
 
 

 

track and the Aesthetic l.n\ troiiiiietttiilist. lltc
llsl Is seemingly endless.

Perhaps the most sought alter and the most
lrkcly non—gt.an cnytrorinicntalist is the
“(iptrrnril l nynorimeritiihst lie is nec ssririly
Ill harmony with himsell and nature. knows
enough about sctcricc.cconornics. politics.etc
to rniike intelligent. rational decisions. while
still in contact Wllh reality and the needs Li] a
\tiL‘lL‘l) deeply entrenched Ill its (sometimes)
ugly ways. He would rioteastly bediiunted itor
easily deterred. He would heart Ombudsman.
.i dcleiirlcr ol the pcopl- arid the natural in-
\riontnent. iidcity tIi lirsowridity.ltill ol spirit.
condor. and wisdom

ll this is tiro much to expect. we could shun
the advances ol science and technology
ticiiienibcrrrig ol course that science and
technology tllL' not. in theinsches. CHI. l.’\Cll
though the uses to whtcli mart tit)lllt,'l|l|lt:b putt.
int-tn it) and revert to being primitive
pagans. member‘s ol the lust class til en.
vrtorimentultsts. the “Ancient Environmen-
talists". who worshipped the soil. the rocks.
the writer. and the sun instead ol'carelesirly and
sellislily exploiting them.

.

w.“

IPAGE ELEVEN, _

  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
 

   
 

      
 
 
      
   
  

