 

 

 

 

columns

on. Great Spirit whose voice I hear in the
winds.

Whose breath gives me to the world.
hear me 

I come to you as one ol~ yotrr many children.

I am small and weak.

I need your strength and your wisdom.

May I walk in beauty,

Make my eyes cier behold the red and purple
sunset.

Make my hands respect the things you have
riiade.

And my ears sharp to your voice.

Make me wise so that l may know the things
you haw taught your children.

llie lessons you have written iii every leal' atid
rock.

Make me strong.

Not to be superior to my brothers. butto light
my greatest enemy-

Mysell....

Make me e\er ready to come to you with
straight eyes
So when lrle lades as the fading sunset
My spirit may come to you without shame...

('hiel' Yellow Lark

mokise

 

by Hal Malnintl

(laken lroin an article by (iayle lhgli l’ine)

....we open ‘tittt'sel\ es like the air. and the
world tlows through us like the wind. lhe
world is part ol us asilie wind rspart ol'thcair.
We Ita\e no boundaries we are all \ve c.\~
perienee. krtow. lecl all ol which interacts
with e\er‘ytlniig, making its ol the ettltte earth.
We need not determine to seek to determine

our formfibut we can allow it to be determined
by the particular rhythm of tribal con-
sciousness which creates our perception—
created us. -

As our bodies do not grow and unfold from
choice and decision. neither do our minds.
Disharmotiious and destructive acts arise
automatically from disharmonious con-
ditions. Through the Old Ways.wearc in Hur-
mony with all cireumstances~—thc Correct and
Harmonious course of action is always to he
found in us it' we are in touch with ourselves.

All of existence ﬂows through its. and so we
know the Sacredttess of all being. It is
knowledge that cannot_he ttrtieulated that is
what we are. It is Sacrcdness that cannot he
grasped or del’itied. absolute in itself. with no
riieaning beyond itsclll

lirerytliiiig is at the center of the universe.
YOU at e the center. tlte l'oetisol the l:llt‘ll1 who
llows through you pliysicztll) as well as
spll'iltltlll}: the air. the water. the ll\lllgl1L‘lllg.\
w ho teed you. unite your existence.
l‘\t.'l)lllttlt.'. is delinctl irt relation to you.

llre (iieat Spirit is neither irisrde nor oili—
side tis. lhe ()ltl Ways are neither e\tetnall)
iinposeil. nor iiiternall) created. but are a par-
ticular trihal t‘ll)llllll which keeps its ol the
llowrrig eri'eles ol lilc. like the arr mining

limit the wind one who lollows the Old Ways~

has great power which he or she does not coit-
t.nii or originate

\on-iniiiie Americans as spiritually dis-
|i.iriiioiiioirs as most ol them are also can
only act “Hill” the laws til the (ireat Spirit.
l \\_'Il to pave otrr Mother or to make their
buildings. the} must adhere to the "laws ol
nature" iii .i certain itiuriiiei it they lollow
them in another manner. their buildings \\lll
tollow these laws by lalliiig.

\o one can depart lrom the Great Spirit.
but it: one acts f’without reverence and
awareness. one becomes a spiritual (and
perhaps fill).\ll.'illl casualty ol the disharmony
created as w alkiitg till a elill does not \iolate
the way but may lead to death.

Most non-native Americans are caught up
in processes they don‘t understand, cannot ac-
comodate to. and which are destroying them
spiritually' and physically. They refuse to
realize that it is only an illusion to try to con-
trol what totally contains them.

Our entire existence is of reverence. Our
rituals renew the sacred harmony within us.
Our every act eating. sleeping. breathing.
making love is ceremony real'l‘irming otrr
dependence on Mother Earth and our kinship
With her every child. lliilike Christians, who
dieliotorni/e the spiritual arid physical. ptit
rL-ttgiun in its compartment, and eat] the
physical world eiil and a mere prepa ration for
a world to come. we reeogni/e the “spiritual”
and [the “physical” as one without
\\‘estcrners' dicliototnies between (iod and
human-kind. we are close and intimate and
warm with Mother l-‘ar'tli and t|te(iieat Spirit.
lltiltke ('littstiaii beliel, which claims that ottr
species is both tiilieientl) L'\Il and the tll\||lL'l_\
ordained rtiler ol l .iitli. we know that. being
ol oirr saeieil Mother lillllt. we are sacred.

Io walk lll the Ulil \\'.i\s is to |i\e iii the
saeied manner. to stand upright. to walk
straight. to respect our biotheisand sistersol
tlilleieiit \tittons and tllllClClll species. It is
open to oiirselies likeait‘. like ski. in order to
ktiow tlie niotititatiis. the waters. the wiiid.t|ie
lights ol the sk}. the plants. arid the tour-
legged. st\-leggetl. tin—legged. and winged
beings. It is to kill iii the sacred manner. to
know Ioie. sorrow. ringer. io_\ iii the sacred
IllrlllllL‘l. and to tlIL‘ in the sacred inatiiiei.

\l) leathers

sailing

on the biee/e

\eross tlte laitli
C\t,‘l')\\ll\'l'L‘

making my now heard

l will prote

alone

the power ol in) spirit 

You’d hate

our program

0 ll" you think it would be adrag to have to open an
envelope each month during your junior and

senior year and cash the contents for $100; or if

the thought 01' a possible two—year scholarship
covering tuition. books. and all lab fees leaves
you blah.

a ll“ you've already picked out a cute little house in
your hometown, n *ar mother. and you‘re going
to marry yorir eighth grade sweetie and live there
lorcver and ever. Your idea 01. getting involved is
pickcting old man Moody's gas pump.

0 ll" Youjust couldn't make a tough decision: peo-
ple yawn openly while you‘re speaking; and even
small children li‘equcntly correct you. lii'erji'bodi'
can‘t be an ell'ective leader -you were born to be a
grunt.

ll“ you‘re not really sure you dig competing l'or an
executive position in any one of 47 fields alter
graduation (probably including the one you‘re
preparing yoursell [or right now) and you just
know you can do better than $10,000 per y an to
star]. Why should any thinking person bother to
broaden his employment options with the
economy in such great shape?

ll" adventure bores you; l'oreigncrs make you
edgy; you don‘t care what‘s going on in other
countries or in other states; and besides. dad can
al'l‘ord to send you anywhere a commissioned ol-
l'icer can go.

0 Bill if you’re cool. like us, you’ll find out more
about ROTC. How. for instance, you could
choose a career as an ol‘licer or participate strictly
part time. Or, how you would have a better shot
at graduate school. Find out why Siena College
program is the biggest in the Northeast United
States. Sierra, a member ol'thc Hudson-Mohawk

Consortium- — - which means no extra tuition
costs to SUNY students. Siena College Campus.
Loudonville, N.Y. (just 10 minutes lrom SUNY
oti Route 9 North. (518) 785—050l. Call. or come
in to Building ()2 and talk. Ask now about the
summer sessions and catch—up program for next
y ‘ar’s juniors

 

PAGE ElGl lTEEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, M ARCH 19,

1974

'l'lJlﬁ.il)/\Y, MARCH 1‘), lit/"l

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

