  
  
  
 
  
  
   

    
  
    
   
  
   
    

 
  
   
   

  

    
   
  
  
   
 
  

  
  
 
  
 
 
    
    
   
   
    
   
    
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

  
  
 

 

' {gunner’

 

 

   

 

 The Nixon Administration announced yesterday {that the President would submit

his resignat . it before GodJonliWe'dnesday. Ni’xon's‘aid. “He‘s the only one who un-

‘ demands the.” The distraught monarch complained that even his daughter Julie'didn‘t . i
 understa

I int woman's just too bad you silly goose. You should be ashamed of
yourself for'deluding your trusting subjects for so long. It's no supper; for you tonight

' you. naughty boy.

They‘re all against me. [he said.You're right. It's all a' conspiracy. We’ve been out to
get you since you graduated from Whittier college. We've had our men out checking
up on you; We blowfwliere you’ve been, who you've seen. the whole story. You wanted
us to think that your agents were inserting needles intoManhatMitchell'tiderriereNot so
young man. No cotter-up can save the President this time. We've got the goods. It
would be in the best interestes of this fair nation .to expose that menance for what he
is—éa pervert. One small streak for man. one giant streak for women.

And while we're out there expOsing our ruler.‘ ‘ let‘s all celebrate
America. Yes. America, where a bi-centennicl parade :symbolizes\all this country
stands for. Where songs and beer and marching bands come to mean—America. And
lions and tigers and bears. Oh, my! Let's stand up and cheer~for America. Where a
Canadian can produce a million selling single about how much Canadians love
America. AMERICA. and who disguised as Clark Kent lights a never ending battle for
truth. justice. and the American way.

Signs of the Times

'l‘heBen'zedn'ne'Administratiortishaving a severe case of identity crisis. Not only is
there a black and white sign announcing the Administration building as the Ad-
ministration building. but now there is a black and gold sign. and two immense purple
and gold signs pyoclaiming thatgtbe Administration building is the Administration
biiilding.Well. Mr. Presidept’: no‘o‘ﬁe haii‘eyend'oubted that  fact. if you asked
the average Alb‘any Statssiudegt wh‘cre the.Adptin‘istrationwb;nil ,
pretty good. he. or even she.’would tell you where to go. Wh . we would bet that even
the Faculty. with of course a few hard case exceptions. would testify that they knew
that the Administration building was the Administration building.

Perhaps the only ones who don‘t know that the Administration building is the Ad-
ministration building are the Administrators inside the Administration building.
Perhaps the sign is only there so that they can distinguish one building from another.
We all know how similar everything looks around here. maybe the signs are for the new
President (should he. like Godot. ever get here), so‘that he. maybe even she. wouldn‘t
suddenly take up ofﬁces in the biology building. We Wouldn‘t want our President
becoming aware of the academics at this school. now would we.

Therefore. we would like to announce that we strongly disapprove of any plan to
construct a ﬁfth quad on this campus laying on its side. Such an edifice would be a
waste of critical space and could be better used for larger facilities for the Administra-
tion building.

Errata

In yesterday's issue we reported that the ASP would
wrong.

In today‘s issue. the item under “errata
yesterday's issue . . . .“

The ASP would like to sincerely apologize to the University-Community for prin-
h 29 issue. We will try to insure that such an

ting a factual. non-biased story in its Marc
error never reoccurs.

 

'lntortNCqut............ . . . . ............AsttDsBUNkso
Assisnrsrronulnior.....1....... .. .. ' ....................._B.B.Gons
NIWIFAIIICAI’OI........... .........,.......GB0ROELIBELOII
Accoumcrs.............. occurs ALBA,DAN Cttssss BUROEI
SHI'ITV'EDI‘I‘OI.......... . . . .  ...GLsNN.v0NHAgavENosl
L:rr:alluo...... .......ClClLB,DlMlLLllI
Auuslmoroa...  ‘ luau
AssoctncAuu.. 
SAWSNDI'IIDIIDTDI‘. JUICYBRUC.
Assn sous vn Sronrlmorol  . ..  . . . . . . ......CAN its Anptnns‘l'
Murmur;Manttt.ca............... ............................CunrvKant
Assoc-mu Ansrtus. . . . .. .  l’uuvs Dssosmoux
'l'utrANtcktslotorna.......... .......................WOODIINNICKLIIESQ.
Armour: Nicks: 'I‘Mtils   An (OJ) Msvsu. Mitts PttsttmnaqoM
havens-tonnes.......-.......u......................... NIOIITTtleDAYMUN'I'
'l'nrchnnsloluton...  ‘ ....................Laszucxs
out Furlmmoa..................................... WsNthsothvBsuuth

“Mutual... mm...................JuoossAmmoks

“magnum-w .t'. .  . .  .... . .. .  . .  N Bonn IMAGE. EASTMAN KODAK

 
 

   
  

... . . . . . ....................uu

     

  
 

... “Hun-nu”

 

 

nun...” .-..

 

 

 

g was. chances are -

not publish today. That was

“ was incorrect. It should have read . . .“In

1.4 .1") ‘

«*4

  
 
 
  

  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 

  
 
      
  
   
  
  
  

  
 
  
  
  

  
 
 
 
    
    
 
  

   
 
  

Candles Burning

32:: ammonia

l'he propensity-to-consumc schedule. or ..
consuption function. relates in a direct .
proportion the level of consumption to levels
of income.

 

'I'he prupensity-to-savc schedule or savings
functions. relates income to savings. Since
whatever is saved is equal to what is tion-
consumed. consumption and savings
schedules are exactly alike in the sense that
saving and consumption together equal dis-
posable income.

The break-even point is where the income
level has a net savings of zero. Below it the
marginal propensity aggregates a negative
savings. Above it. the contrnpositivc form
utility is indicated. Graphically. the break-
even poiltt is a continuously geometric line
formation which eulimnatcs in the 45 degree
reference line intersection ol~ the consumption
function.

It is the interdependence of the produc-
tivitics: land. labor. and capital. that is causal
of the problem of complex distribution
phenomenon. To produce aggregate ‘Q‘ with
factors ‘X‘ and ‘Y'. you must find the intersec-
tion points of ‘mpp‘. ‘npp‘. ‘npc'. and ‘gnp‘.
’I'hut completes the marginal productivity
theory of intricate distribution.

‘As we hold a fitted input constant and
laboriously increase a variable input. the
marginal physical product of that (iodfor-
alien variable input will have no choice but to
detentedly decline—~at least after a given
point!

Nonethelesswe can accept the complete fix.-
ity of land supply as its price-signal of efficient

' factoring of commodity substitutions.

The most serious deviationfrom the perfect
competition ideology comes from monopoly
ethics. vis-a-vis the Parker Brothers and their
capitalisation 'CAPITALIZATIONl of the
working class ethic of monopoly.

“‘:3dmm5:=:=t$:'sby Ken Wacksoff u

  

The dollar votes of people effect pnces With
a malignancy of wage and price controls. Gas-
oline. as an entity which lends itself towards
classiﬁcation as a liquid asseteomrna as due do
small fluid donkeys... Hello, lam a Smith
Corona Electra 210. He's in the bathroom
now. so l.tltought I'd type you a notecomma
and tell you what its like having to do these
damn columns every week. If you think you
got it tough, what about me? He turn: me on
about twice a week and that's not enough for
mecomma I got a manual and two ballpoint
pens to support. Whycomma just last week..
...oltolt! He‘s coming back, gotta stop typing
now, see you some other article“...

The benefits from a public or social good.
unlike those from a purely private good. are
seen to involve a plurality of welfare tranfcr
payments to those social security recipients
constituting the lowor socio—cconomic class.

Any discussion of the philosophical
ramiﬁcations of a post Galbraith economic
techno-structure would be incomplete without
exploring the fascinating world of peace titne
inputs-output flows of items under protective
tariffs. quotas. ttnd.....lleyl, it‘r Itlt.’ again,
Smitty! lllt‘ doorbell rang and ll’llllt' heir
ttttswt'rlttg it we can talk! How's the wl/k' rttttl
kit/x? 'I'ltttt'r good. Yalrttott'. you can't buy
Itutt/tlt...()Ii()lt........Keyncsittn economist.
John Manurd Keynes. postulated the balance
of international payments. which was his
business and is certainly none of ours. The in-
herent inelasticity of land affords it the
criterion of pricing by pure competition. The
marginal revenue and its intersection ut the
bottom of the marginal cost curvu substan-
tiates our analysis. End ol‘cbapter...an'tcll the
wll't' and kttltltu Smitty says lit..."

 

ers
Shop  Values

To the ldiotor:

I would like to tell you about a recent
religious experience. lfany ot‘the readers want
to; they can read it. too. _

It started about l0:3_t) last night. The welve
of us weregoin'g streaking around Perimeter
Road while stoned. when suddently the truth
hit me. I flew back to my dorm room and
wrote down this list of the New Rules for the
New World.

I. Since lithe drugs are destructive. yet
prison cells are more so. marijuana should be
decriminalized for simple possession and a
class Vixl [)2 felony for sale (note the penal
code is more complex than presently used).

2. Total conformity is necessary. but in an
idettl society. it should not be compulsory.
However. it is not long to the day ofjudgmcnt.
so it doesn‘t matter too much. anyway. as long
as there is no anti-social behavior. anti-social
being defined however is most expedient.
Anyway. He knows.

3. The “theistic (.‘omntunistic Ogre of the
Izast tnust hectiangelizcd by thcycur I976. or
else we will never show them the light. and.

4. All Universities and other places of higher
learning be levelled and in their places. be con-
structed giant temples. with room to accom-

tnodutc everyone for the liig Sleep.

Anyone interested injoining my Committee
to Reinstiltttcri g “Malucs. please contact
me at my offi’ec: bathe 23rd’lloor of the twin
towers building.

tn pence.
Name Withheld

Bombed Out

To the ldiotor:
T his is to let you know that we have placed a

   

of you know what Descartes meant when he
called Socrates “the epitome of consecration”?
Saulz' I can‘t tell you that. Karen. and I . . . I
can't even tell you why . . . . ‘
Good. eh? I have a number of art episodes
detailing adultery with the intent of receiving
tenure. Let me know when you want them.
5. Kawnek

ha Why Ye Five-O

To the ldiotor:

Why‘.’ That‘s all I want to know. I mean.
why‘.’ Huh‘.’ Oh. yeah. I see. You're right.
thanks u lot. It was bothering me. but now it's
all rigltt.

M a ha raj .li

Funny Boned

lo the ldiotor:

I realize that this is your once a year humor
issue and effort has been made to come up
with uproarious tnatcriul with which to
guarantee a successful issue.

In this pursuit of umplc material. please do
not stoop low enough to use inferiorhumor. of
questionable taste. A good satire issue does
not have to be vulgar or lascivious.

‘And no menstruation jokesml’eriod.

12 . [Cord Kirchner"

 r
it .49?" ‘

Satirycon

lo the ldiotor:

I've been told that this is supposed to be It
Iunuy issue and everything. including the
letters. is supposed to be funny.

What I want to know is if this letter will be
printed even though it isn‘t lunny ttnd if it is

.printedJ‘d like to find out exactly ltow long

hotnb somewhere on the C'tlll us. Unless our I ' I
‘ P people will read it letter that is not even mildly

demands are met we will be forced to dctou

Car 54
Where Are You

To tltcidiotor:

I not writing you to mice tny approval ol'thc
proposed segregated parking on the various
campus parking areas.

I think that arranging it so that the black
cars have to park in the hack of the lots is at
great idea. lllnck curs aren‘t the some as
regular cars and shouldn‘t be parked with
them. llcsidcs. black curs smell ltinny. lhunk'
yotr.

llctly .lo liiolol’ski

Cease A Thesist

lo the ldiotor:

l lune a great idea for an academic adult
drama that I think would be smusho for your
paper.

(lenerul Studles
Lil/It‘d: So. you‘re the one who scrutinized nty
tltcsisl ll‘ only I had left when your wife stnrtcd
talking about Jung . . . .
Saul: It‘s water under the bridge. chap. My

' “my concsrn is about . . . the ullcgoryl

Ltlllt’t': Does Peggy know?
Saul: Who‘s Peggy?
Kart-It: Excuse me professors. but do either

MARCH 45, 1974

 

humorous. lt‘snntaringhow students will read

something even though it has nothing to say

and is really quite boring. -
Susan Underhill I

l Couldn't Give
A Fig Dept,

lo the ldiotor:

I‘m gettmgzi little sick hcnringuhoul stt‘cttk-,
mg L'\l.'l’) time I turn around, ll these nutsurc
so unsure over their masculinity so as to
prance about the earth with their clothes off.
lL‘l them. l|'(iod had thlllL‘tl man to streak. he
wouldn‘t have made clothes.

('lnrk‘ (inble'

Remember
The Alamo

lo the ldiotor:

lhe will ol the people must be felt by all of
the people. lltc representatives of sortie ol'tlte
people must show Ittosl of the people what is

wanted by all of the people and tint by some of I

the people. Some of the people must

rthel rd ‘
I From the Frog's.Leg "
WAKNlNﬁszs Am” ‘5 ii

   
 

  
 

 

 

' “Wineries?” 

\

To the ldiotor:
V .,I Would like to relate a recent incident that
occurred last night on this campus. Iwoke up.
as usual. in a kneeling position. As I stood up I
noticed a kangaroo watching me through the
window. It llew away. and lthought nothing
more of it. The following day. however. I
received a note from the Student Health Ser-
vice which read: “Our resident psychiatrist is
one of the best in the business; he will be glad
to discuss kneeling in your sleep or any other
topic. Feel free to make an appointment.”
How. I ask. did the Inlirmury know I find
myself kneeling every morning? I suspected
llllll kangaroo. but decided to investigate. I
disguised myself as me and acted as if I had
received the note they sent me. The head
shrinker told me to lay down and relax: ldid
so. I continued with by exotic plan by telling
the doctor my dreams; little did he know that I
was 'right there. telling him.

I told ltim about my dttl'l'odildo dI'L‘tIm. my
envious typewriterd'reamand myjuicy dream.
He ate it all up. lwaitcd until lie was thinking

  
 

- 'by Rana l’lpiens

The vital role of Environmental Leadership
.tnd guidance on the SUNYA campus. on ever-
.nereasing problem in today‘s complicated life
setting. rests squarely on the shoulders of the
few brave men and.women who make up the
Environmental Destruction Commission
(EDC). the commission. referred to by higher
ranking administrators only us “The Commis-
sion." took steps lust I'ucsday to make the
SUNY A cutnptts an ecological ntodcl for the
nation with the announcement of plans to
recycle waste water through the drinking
lotlltlnitts ol the campus. After 3 years if
heated debate and charges ol politicking and
"Inmky-pnnky.“ the Commission passed the
motion 2 to 1 against with 27 abstentions and
one "yup" by an unidentified director of Ilie
(':Impus t'cnler.

(the ol the major opponents ofthe bill was
-.lohn l‘. l-uckoll. .lt.. recently promoted e/ttr
ol the Plant Department (greenhouse). Said
l‘tlckoll. “I'm just as much an environmen-
talist its nnyoneclse on the campus. but \vcjusl
cun'l hmc shit coming out ol it“ the drinking
lonntttins!"

Resisting the mmcmcnt here two con~
stlptttctl students. (iur) Slcuin and Paul
Orion. \\ ho both threatened to boycott the
'wutcr lounluitts and pull moons in tlu.‘ od-
Ininistrutton building. ~Wlten questioned
about motiws. Sleuin replied. “llon‘t try to
double-talk me. buddy. I'm a self-proclaimed
cmiionmcntnlistl“ ()rion seemed tongue-tied
during the incident and icluscd to open his
mouth for comment

Subject now to the upprmul of University
President Louis (llutclt) ltcmcdriuuthc bill
would come to $24.(\32.7|‘).(l2. State funding
\\lli account lor $24.03. 7l‘).l)t) with 2 e con-
tributed truth it special presidential bubble
gum lund. An unidentified commission
member was heard to remark. “Yup. he‘s
always got to get his two cents in!“

Although not an official member of the
EDC. .lttnet Hooker of the Student Health In-

 

remcmber all of the peoplcund not most ol'thc
people. And that‘s why I‘m running for Ccn~

ll‘lll Council.
l-‘rcd Flutnnt

   

t\ W 17 l l LIX STUPID MESS

i

   
      
     

l'mnity voiced her opposition by requiring
;; warning signs on all fountains to read.

   

"DANGER: DRINKING RECYCLED
.A straw 9t"

 

   
  
  
 
 
   
   
 
  
    
 
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
   
  

  

EDC Clears the Way

the lil)('. she continued. “I Imagine some o

        

Do not fear! .

when. '
r . Single Suiiomote

To the ldiotor: ~
There is a certain phenomenon that has oeg
curring at Albany State recently that strikes .
me as rather odd. It is the strange desire for
privacy that certain pairs of students. usually
of the oppposite sex but I don’t think
necessarily. seem to have periodically when
they are together. My roommate recently
stayed in our room for four hours
with a girl be had been friendly with. Their
conversation. as I heard it through the wall.
consisted mostly of rathcrdeep sighs and some
laughter. This is not rational conversation- I
suspect it is temporary insanity. In any case. l
have found it occurring in other parts of the
school. I wont to bring this to your attention.
lbnk you. Eu Nuck ,

     
 

TN Poor. TASTE.

them are high when the) mic . . . .
Ihc idea of using recycled untcroriginute
when the toilets on the third lloorofthc cunt
pus ccntcr backed up ittto the piitroon ronn
drinking fountain. A pilot study has lllldc
taken with the help of l'lli eluhtl’crwrsion It
Inturonmentt \\ Ito mounted the toilets ll
pro\idc much needed flushing power. .Iar,
ytioncs lutcr reported. “Yup! We're rccyclin
lottr untcrl" _
When asked about the danger ol cott-
tnnnnntcd drinking water: Vice-President _,
l.o\\ (t'ltristmns lccth) llelch replied. "Let
them |thc students] drink nine." (hiccupl
In other action. the lil)(' announced that
the Uniwrsit} gas siltltltiott has imprmcd. “ '
has that damn split pcn soup!"muttcrcd .loh _
l-urtlc). Vice-President lnr Mismumtgentcnt '
its be quick!) exerted the meeting for the.
louth llmc.
lhc meeting. which took place in the Lee
turc ("cuter men's room. reached a heated
C'llllll\ on lllt.‘ unusual activities of member
t‘orpornl Wall) Clydesdale: 'lhc Corporal.
\\ ho sci/ed a "tenth" trcchousc overlooking
the pond lor lllh temporary headquarters. i
attempting to rid the lukeol'“tbcm pesky gold-
ltslt.“ Sod ('ltcssmmt. who attempted early
this morning to com hire the Corporal to stop
‘1|1t.‘ill'llll: fish from his pcrclt (“It's not
natural"). rcgrctlull) submitted the L'orpornl‘s
request lor ltt lotlu‘s ol bread. 4 cans ol tuna
lish. .l lutndgrcttudcs. 32 spears. it dn/cn
“or ms. llllll | lrishcc. Stated the (.‘orpoml lll
his request: "t'nrp is llcll!"
llcspitc the cllicicnt. «lctlicntt-tl \uukow or
the l:l)('. .tn .1” ol impatience lllt.‘\;lt1\ on it
cutnptls. Qmppcd co-cbztirmnn John I. ‘nu-t
"Newt lttts so littlctlcpcndctl on no |lI.lll_\ “ ll.'
enumerated sotttt.‘ ol tlwluturtl In p. Wt».
use ol yogurt Ill 1r..- \‘a’llltlllh I.llitttr.:'|
lonntnin will make b'll'wi .\ tltt‘ tiltltIl-tt'
center of the world!)
use ol recycled toilet paper in the .nl
ministration building (we all should turn the
other cheek.)
increased use of organic foods in diuin
urctts (you cttn beat our prices. but you can‘t
. t

.

-..-...~..>...~.~.. . "m",

El‘)l"l‘(i)Rls‘..l. PAC-3E THE Fli‘li’fT

2-2-24??? I}

     
 

 
 

  

  

  

 
 

 

 
 
 
  
  

  

   
 

 
 
  
   
 
 
  

  
 
  
 

 

