Vol. LXI No. 16

FRIDAY, MARCH 29'. ‘1974

 

State University at New York at Albany

’74 Season Could Be Bummer for NYC
Yanks Need Help,

by Doug Lewanda

With tour of the six teams
detinitely in tire running for lst
place. it looks like another dogﬁght
tor the Americttn League's Eastern
Division Championship. as April
5th and the opening ol'tltc I974 Ma-
ior League Baseball season draws
near.

Larl Weaver and his Baltimore
Orioles have one ot' ilte best t'ar'nt
systems. produeirtg top-notch talent
yeariilteryear.Startingwiththcetrt-
l'icld. live at the six men currently
listed on the roster are all returnees.
with the low batting average for ‘73
being int/r .le among them. Sur-
rounding ’ttul Blair will most likely
be Rich Coggins and Al Birnibry.
hotlt outstanding. both In their
sophomore season. and the later be-
ing named the A.L. Rookiie-ot'~tlrc-
Year in I973.

the Birds‘ inl'ield is no dil't'ercnt.
either. with "Vacuum“ Robinson at
the hot corner. and Urich. Beltrnger.
and Boog l’owell rounding out that
crew.

()n the moundJim |’almcr(22-9).'
and Mike Cuellar (ls-l3) lead a list
ol impressive arms, which include
Have McNally(a not-so—ltoi |7«l7in
NH). and Doyle Alexander (IZ-K).
Also. Baltimore added sortie depth
by sacrilicing slugger Merv 'l err'ert-
tnttnd to Cincinnati lor Ross
(irimsley. Look tor these birds to he
llyrttg ltigh come September!

lite Red Sox at Boston will not get
the recognition they deserve until the
Celtics and Bruins are eliminated

Albany Student

by Bruce Mnggin

An iriir'iging event takes place
tomorrow evening at Green
Montttatrt Race 'lr'ack. when
students. reprcscrtting eight

from the playoffs. Yet the Hubmeti
should give their fans another ex-
citing year in l'riendly Fenway.
’l'he Hose are coming into‘74 with
many clttirigcs. Gone are such
notables as disgruntled Reggie
Smith. Kerr l'attint. and Lynn
Me(ilotheti to the Cardinals, Marty
’iittin to {guns-am City. anti Ben
()lgilvie to Detroit. in returrt. Boston
obtained Bernie Carbo. veteran
Dick McAulill'e. and pilcltcrs Rick

Virdon

Mets Must Plug Hole in CF

Wise. Dick Drago. Reggie
Cleveland. and Diego Segui. They
also picked tip a guylroiitthc West
Coast by the mime ol'Juan Marichtrl.
lliesc throwers should help keep tlt
ball irisidd the stadium. and keep
Boston iii the game.

On the ollcnse. catcher Carlton
l'isk'. 3rd baserttnrt Rico l’eti’ocelli.
arid ('arl Yasirlcmski sltottld
provide the power. Some hard-
rios'ed baseball should keep tltc Red

continued on page I9

Writes

lic/I'Ior's Nuiu - A mom/r ago tt't' it'l’UIl' Iu Ilia managers of New
York's IiuseIm/l learns, (Lt/ring I/tt'lll to L't'ull/tllt’ I/rr'ir learns a! I/rc
beginning ol'.ipl't'Itg training. b‘t'l/ Vin/on of NW Yankees was nice

enough 1 reply.
Dear ASP:

Alter having gone through eight days til spring training. I have
decided that the Yankee pitching will be good in I974, We ltave good
arms. experience arid the new Hall ol' banter. Whitey Ford. leading

this group.

llrurmati Munson will be our catcher. He might be the best in the
American League. With ltis ability to handlea good pitching stall. we
should have two departments ol‘ our game in good shape.
i don‘t t'eel like i have seen enough of the other personnel to be able
to evaluate it honestly. I will say that we have enouin punch to score
runs. but it we expect to win, our defense will ltave to be greatly im«

proved.

We have had great weather this spring and ltave avoided arty
serious injuries. lltis is otir main early concern.

My best to all.
Sincerely.
|i|l.l. VlRl)()N

iii the College
piotiships.

In actttality there will be two
races. as the students ltavc been

’acing Cham-

br'ok’ctt itp iriio two sepcr'aic
groups. One will race hetwecrt
the lir'st and second race. while
the other group will race between
races inoand three. the students

by Kenneth Arduino

Ihe N.l.. East pltiyed under .500
hall for ittost of last season but in the
pliiyolls the Mets took t'ull measure
ol the Reds. llris ycai‘thedivisiort is
stronger and even better baltrrtccd
than last y'ar‘s.

Ihe deletttling cliartipion Mets.
despite ttii 82-79 record. stood pat
during the oil season. hoping that
their Zl-X streak to close out the
season could be continued. Injury
plagued last year. it seems hard to
imagine them inning as many this
season. llre pitching with Seaver.
Mallack. Koosman and Stone is one
til the best. it lug Mc(iraw pitches
like he did iii the seeortd hall'ol‘ tltc
season. the bullpen is solid.

(‘cnicrlield is still the weakest part
\itth light liittirtg l)on llaltn.
probably ilte starter by del'atrlt.
Rookie llenriy Alaya probably rs still
a year away liorn helping. lhe iri-
lteld is solid triid Stiitib. .Ioitcs artd
Mrlriei' wrll supply the punch. II the
Mets play like they did in the last
iiiortili at last season. there yt tlI ht: no
race. it not it or“ be a close battle

llie pcierttiial layor'tics. rtt iltc
Parties. are back under the reign oi
|);iritiy Mtiriattgh. l’iichrtig a long
lllliL' \tctikttess. scents a lrtilc

\lititigct‘ this year. lhc tiddtttoii ol
.Ieri'y Rettss and Ken llrcii tti l;l|is.
Moose and Ktsori should help. Dave
(riiisti leads the bullpen.
Sartgtiillert. \trti'gcll. l'-|Iks'l
Ultyct Robertson and llcbttct' are

hate ltad little or no racing ex-
perience. btit have been prac-
ticing tor a lit“ weeks to get
ready lot this meal.

lhc idea lot a race ol this type
developed at Roosevelt
Rticcntry. ythcrc students troiii
colleges in the New York City
area raced. lhis eyeiii pioved
most popular.

.r\ pr'iriie irisiigtttor iii comin—
crrig tirt-cn Mountain to itiit this
type o1 l.icc I\ /\lllL' l'iitkelbcrg.
who titll be neat irig the colors ol
Alhttny \itiic lll toitior ron's race

'\lll\' lt.ts long been it racing
enthusiast He got his start [It
racing - ltiilil .r rioteablc racing-
lioi sc outlet and has not kcd Ill it
rrtrirthci ol t'.t|ttlt’lllt'\ .it (itccii
Motitii.iiri llis tillllt'H lt.i\c tang
ed lrotii Iirtchitiit tip the lioiscsto
logging them around ilic ttitck.
llectittsc ol hrsdiiticsat tlieitack.
Artie \tas able to get ti groorrritig
licence and admits he has airt—
nttrotisol beingatlt'rycr-tratrting.

He looks toward to the nice
toitror'r'ow and seems pretty op-
iiriiistic about thcoiiteonic. liven
though ltc has handled horses

returning stars. Richie l.isk has
probably won C lenienle's old job in
right. llte big weakness is the inlield.
ll Rennie Stennett can l‘ield well
enough he will pltty second. (iood
gloye no hit. l)al Maxvill. Jackie
ilL'l'tlltllliC/ and l‘r'arik
|uvcrusllll will battle lor short. it .
tetrrri sir'ettgthis tip the middle. the
Pirates \yeak‘ncss All these positions
might cause trouble.

rookie

llic Cardinals how a piicltirtg
stall ol players that are either corti-
trig oll ittiitt‘res or coming into the
league. ltob (iibsori. Scipio Sprnks
and Sonny Sichei't ar'calleontmgoit
IItttll'lcs John Curtis and lyrin
Mc(i|otltrrtai’c cornttigoyei lrortitlic
Aritericttii league. l’itchrrtg is it big
question mark. thouin the bullpen
\\Illi tlieaddrtiort ol l’ctc thltcrititid
ken latltnt is strong.

Rct trr'iirrtg
hr/ctttoic.
Mike
lott llrock will lot'rtt tltc
alotig \\ itli iicytcorrtct' Reggie Smith.
the problem is hon lat \Hii tltc
pitching take tltcrrt.

\etetarts, led
ittti‘L‘. Ken Reitl.
lritt McCttt‘\ci and

nucleus

.loe
lysori,

\lortitcal is on the youth ttioyc-
itictii Rookie sensation Sieyc
Rogers y\lil be there the [till season.
Hill Sioiieriiariyyill.tiiierttpiior'choitnd
ltottt air tinltil year. Mike Itrr'r'el.
New Rciiko tttd lilly’lttl Moore :tr‘c
tll:l\llL'\ Ihe litrllpcti \tilliottt Mike
Marshall is iron-custard. Iirii l'olr
and llob lltrtly anchor the lclt side

-\\|irle Rort lliiiit. lilll) l.irtt/ and

tulllllllll‘t’ on page Is

Makes Harness Racing Debut

dillci'ertt ar'ca colleges. take part

helorc irt practice. its really it
whole tiett experience when you
rtice stdc-hy-stdc with three other
horses and di'ryers.

t)tltei colleges Much “I” be
represented tricltidc Arttcrtcttii
International College. Sierra.
Rl'l. Williams College. North
\darrrs State and l‘lllltitl-
\lontgoriicu Corrirritirittt
( tillegt'

lti Iris \tttltilts cttptictics ill the
track. '\lllt‘ ctirttc tit ciiitttit't “Hit
the head ot public ictiltioris ot
(tl\'L‘|l \lotiiittittiarid illliili\ L'titl'
\ iriccd liitri to tllll iliiscollcirctntc
t.tt'\‘ (rIL't‘Il Mtitlltlniti Is t t‘li.lill
l_\ irr.iktirg ti big ctcrririi.I otit ol II
J. um il‘m- tiit'kttiiittcil,
(ollcgc \ll\\'| \iglil .ittd ii|\'\

hate hired a band. \tliicli \iill

pl.i\ throughout the t‘\L'lt|lly.'

\itic \Hii haic .r big lolloyi
toniorroo. .is the ici'ctilh
toriticd harness racing club has

trig

chartered tiyo buses tip to (itccri
MtttIIilllIli. lickets are still
turntable and any one interested
slioirld cotttact cltib president
lzddy lriiik. Hulk is hopctiil oi
liavmg ilie same type ot event
staged at Sai'atogir Ritce lt'iick
next ltill.

 

