  

 

 
    

 

 Ge.

 

 

--=%

 

Anderson-GO-Round‘

by Mitchel Zoler

if you didn‘t get to Lecture Center Seven
before about 7:40 last Friday night. the sur-
prise hit hard when, upon opening the swing-
outdoor, a tidal wave of bodies tumbled out
to engulf you. Inside. there was a constant
struggle by every newcomer to retain the
newly gained advances. as they inched
toward the center of the room. Slithering
between the tightly packed humanity offered
a 50-50 chance of eventually winding up
within a breathing space.allowinga pause to
View the wall to wall people that overflowcd
the aisles and was drowning the crowd in the
rear.

“Sorry we couldn‘t hold it in the gym. but
there's a basketball game tonight..." was the
poorly received explanation for the packed
conditions. That. and the presence of the
Washington based muckraker. Jack Ander~
son. Anderson. who has become a worthy
successor to the legendary Drew Pearson
since acquiring control of the column in

I969. has come out with such gems as the
Eagleton affair and was instrumental in
publicizing early Watergate investigations
during the cover-up period.

He began his carefully worked out. hour—
long discourse with recent ﬁndings concer-
ning the foreign oil giant. Aramco. which
combines the overseas interests of Exxon.
Texaco. Mobil and Standard Oil of Califor-
nia (Chevron). Apparently. at Aramco‘s
Suggestion. Saudi Arabia (the country from
which almost all their foreign oil originates)
raised the tax on crude oil. a cost being pass-
ed on to the public iii a doubled dose. Once at
the gas pumps and again in a tax write-off
the companies receive for increases in
foreign taxes. Anderson attributed this
situation to the purchased politicians serving
Aranico's needs. which brought him to the
subject of Richard Nixon. “a name that
seems to crop up so often these days."Ander—
son then delivered a fine collection of little

known Administration horror stories which
eventually led him to the climax demanding
Nixon's impeachment. Following in the
wake of the slick professional. bass voiced
narrative were numerous bursts ofapplause
of laughter, culminating in an impressive.
deafening. three minute standing ovation at
the end.

It is interesting to note that such an event
was really a well attended. thinly disguised
rally for Nixon‘s impeachment. Although
Anderson tried to temper the tone of the
evening by asking those present to have faith
in “The System". it was apparent from the
rather one-sided reaction the audience gave
to his more inflammatory thrusts. that the
group was highly receptive to Anderson's
rhetoric. Yet Anderson said he didn‘t think
an impeachment would take place until Corr-
gress was sure it is what the people want. and
so far. the people have not stated
overwhelmingly that impeachment is their
desire.

The Gospel According to

by Richard Norwin

.lack Anderson walks into the lecture
center. packed light with pcrspiring
students. takes off hisjacket. loosens his tie.
and rolls up his sleeves. as if to say. “Let‘sch
down to business. I have some important
things to tell you."

Naturally Jack Anderson. one man
muckracking institution. the Rona Barett of
international politics. the people‘s watchdog
in Washington. has the juiciest dirt to tell.
Did you know that Gordon [.iddy stuck his
hand in fire until it was scared. just to im—
press some girls in a bar'.’ Did you know that
the Esso Oil reﬁneries in Vietnam.glistening
white in the jungle. were never attacked by
the VietCong. due to payoffs? Jack Ander-
son knows. and he knows a thousand other
stories about powerful men in Washington
too. Try as they might. nobody can escape
Jack Anderson's probes,

But Jack Andersott is more thana political
gossip columnist. His speaking style. his use
of language. his affect on the crowd. suggest
a Revivalist minister. Some words rolloffhis
tongue slowly. “These men are supposedly
.patriotic." he says of the Oil barons. linger-
ing on the word patriotic till it almost echoes.
Other times he fires his words from his
tongue. “This nut was on the White House
staff". he snaps about (iordon Liddy. No
matter how it is spoken. tlrc (iospcl accor-
ding to Jack Anderson remains the same:
power corrupts; absolute power corruptsab-
soltttcly.

\‘ot only an evangelist of decent
democracy. .lack Anderson is alsoa populist
hero. turned writer, lhe tradition is long in

-‘----------------

. Tickets for the March performances of

THE WIZARD OF OZ

go on sale 11:00 am, Monday. February 11. 1974
at the PAC Box Office. LIMIT:2 tickets per personfl

$3/ public

$7.50/ticket

WEEK

-----------

’ Tickets also on sale for Comedy of Errors. March 13-17
---‘----‘-----0--

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 20- to be sold atalater date
THURSDAY, MARCH. 21-regular rate: $1/tax. $2/ID

FRIDAY, MARCH 22— Special Benefit
Sponsored by the Albany League of Arts:

TICKETS ON SALE TO SA MEMBERS ONLY THIS .

America of men who speak simply. yet elo-
quently in the people's behalf. fearing no
power on earth. During the speech .lack
Anderson refers to the movie “Mr. Smith
(ioes to Washington" which deals with an
idealistic young Populist'sex pcrieiices in cor-
rupt Washington. and his refusal to com-
promisc his principles. (iood news! Mr.
Smith is still in Washington. in the form of
Jack Anderson; the crowd seems to believe
this. Jack Anderson believes this.

Ironically. Jack Anderson. spokesman for
the average guy. is more powerful than all
but a few of the people he writes about. The
vehicle for that power is his column
“Washington Merry-(jo-Round“. syn-
dicated in over 700 newspapers nationally.
Jack Anderson uncovers a new scandal in
American (iovcrnment, "It‘s been my
peculiar function". he admits. “to cover the
shady side of the street".

It's been a busy side of the street the past
few years. Tonight. Anderson talks of the
"two biggest issues on the minds of the
American people. the oil crisis and
Watergate." Title ofthe address is "The news
behind the headlines". If you think the
headlines are scandalous. wait til Jack
Anderson tells you what‘s really going on.

Aramco. Arab-American ()il Coirrpiiny. is
a conglomerate corporation of America's
largest oil companies. formed to deal with
the oil productng Arab stiitcs. .lirck Ander-
sort and his staff of six reporter's. delved
deeply into the top scci’ct financial records of
Arirmco (don't ask how he obtained the files.
for that is reporter's privclcgc). Inside these
files licszi sordid tale of greed and pi ice gtlllg'
trig. h) the members of '\lillllCtt It was these

companies. Jack Anderson claims. that
began the gas price increases years ago. b_\
adv ising Saudi Arabia to raise their taxes on
oil shipments to the US. lhis way the US.
Companies were given a tax break by our
govcriimcnt. And as icing on the cake.
\rtinrco raised its own prices to cover the
Saudi Arabian tax increase. which they
never payed for in the first place. indignant-
ly. .lirck Anderson raises his voice. “lhc
American people payed twice for this iii—
Crcllsc. First in (iovcrnmcnt subsidies to the
oil companies. then by paying more at the
pump."

ft is a simple. logical tale of the Oil tycoons
evil. the “greedicst men" Jack Anderson has
ever dealt with. Master storyteller Jack
Anderson tells his story well. pacing his in~
llcctions and gestures. One moment he yells.
the next moment he deadpans a joke. with
the hasslcd incredulity of Jack Benny.

More incredible tales are yet to come. this
time on the theme of Watergate. Concen~
lrating his fire on G. Gordon Liddy. Jack
Anderson makes the former White House
aide-Plumber sound like a neo-Na/i
Frankenstein. The Liddy stories arethc kind
legends are made of:

Once upon a time. White House ardc .lch
Mac(iruder was discussing unfavorable
comments about Nixon lll tlic Press. “We
have to get rid of that Jack Anderson", he
said. (I (iordon |idd_\ listening to
MtlL’(tlUtiUl believed that he had been given
specific instructions to kill .ltick Anderson
"I have to knock him off“. l.ldtl) told
another aide l‘lllilll) |.rddy was convinced
not to take Miic(itiidcr's words quitt- sir
lrtciiillv. to the disappointment of tlic
.issttsitt-to-hc

This is not surprising. ifSUNYA is any in-
dication of public-at-large's opinion and
reaction. Acting in the true apathetic form
which is so often ascribed to us. one could
readily see that the sentiment one presumes
to exist in favor of the President‘s impeach-
ment has in fact laindormantand unorganis-
ed among the student body. One can hardly
expect a surge from the masses which was so
characteristic of the sixties. yet if the senti-
ment is there. why isn't it being manifested in
some other wtty'.’ The explanations aren‘t
overt. but aside from revolutionary fatigue.
it might be that most of us are willing to let
the professionals. the politicians. and the
lawyers slug it otit alone.

The sixllcs taught iis that sufficient. iin-
ilicd protest vvrll yield results. It'sii pity that
even with such .i recent precedent, no
national movement has begun. c\ctt if on .r
smiill. titttiiil scale. lhe strength of such .r
mass action could casin tip the balance to
favor of impeachment which. for lllt mo-
mum. is \llll hovering no dead center.

St. Jock

\ird .tiiotltci tttnc (i. (iordon l.iddy shovv-
ed a film to other White House stall
members on Adolph llrtlci‘. During the
niov ic. according to reliable sources. l.rdd) 's
c)cs were wide. and his face was flushed
\ftcrwat'ds. | ltiti) spoke about llrtler' iitc\-
cited (icrman. likcti mad l)r. Strangclovc.

lantcitiirning episodes in the life of (iordon
Lidd) are only it preface however to Jack
Anderson's more serious comments on
Watergate. l’t’csidcnf Nixon ltc feels must be
impeached. for he has dcfilcd our most
sacred Democratic Institutions.

Now .lack Anderson's voicc becomes
hushed. as he talks of the (LS. Constitution.
and of thc men who framed it. lltoinas
Jefferson. for one. who rcalr/cd that the
Constitution must be a chain around the
neck of the President. Like .lack Anderson.
lhomas Jefferson knew how easily power
fccds oll itself. and demands more.

Jack Anderson believes the President has
violated both the spirit of the law (attempts
to limit our freedom With illegal groups like
the Plumbers). and the letter of the law
(fraudulent tax returns). lhe crowd cheers
.Iack Anderson's indictment as solemnly as
the words were spoken.

Don't give up on the s) stciir though. .liick
Anderson tells us finally. It's still the best
dztrnn system of govci'nirtciit in the world.
Ask any Iorcigiicr.

.lack Anderson. patriot and l'opitlrst.
reporter and American. leaves the stage to
thunderous ttpplttttsc. With .lack Anderson
around we have nothing to fear ()tii lllilll Ill
“iisliiirgtori.

 

Linens o1
ttorlunt utmtmtron

Films for the benefit of

TELETHON ’7lt

 

---------

8:30,] I

 

Fri., Feb. 8

Three Musketeers
w/ Douglas
Fairbanks Sr.

39 Steps
by Alfred Hitchcock

:30 LC 22

The Count

8:30 LC 2

 

Tues., Feb. 26

The Barber Shop ’
with WC. Fields ‘;

with Charlie Chaplin j

 

m was-mm A". :

 

 

 

 

Sooner or
later, t
o You Know l
p Wt'ro E
 GGMha,<E

 

 

PAGE TWELVE

A l .RA NY STUDENT PRESS.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1974

 

    

lg.
i
i

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Tracks ters Finish A Disappointing Last

by Vinny Redo

As was expected. Suny at
Albany's I973 indoor track
program got off to a slow start last
Friday at Williams College.
Although there were some en-
couraging signs for the future
revealed in thistriangular meet. the
score was not oneof them. it read
Springfield College 85. Williams
44. and Albany l6. Albany did not
pick up a first in any of the I]
events and were shut out of'tlrc first
four scoring places (points award~
ed 5-3—2-l) in six of them.

The brightest note ol'the evening
from Albany's standpoint occurred
in the longjump. where Freshman
lom l’ardini gained a second place
with a new Albany indoor record
of 2| feetZ'A inches. l’ardini. dttc to
the hick of indoor facilities at
Albany had not even worked on his
approach run prior to the "foul. “I
had nonc of my steps marked
down.“ he said. “so I was just run»
rung toward the board and hoping
I haven‘t really trained since first
.llIIlL‘ so I didn’t think I should go
that lirr'....but I'm not complaining
about it." Willi such it lime start.
l’iirdini wants to shoot for the 23
foot mark during outdoor season
Ill the spring.

f'iii'dttii was bested b_v Bob
l)iivis' 23 foot jump Friday night.
Davis was one of thrcc Springfield
lllL'll it) \VII] [WU L‘\ClilbliflLi ill\\ill'l
Albany's chances for a first place.
its his litre high jump of f)it:t:l4l'.‘lll<
clics also tripped Bob Mtiloirc‘s
solid o font lcap. lltc otlici

 

funded by
student association

 

‘pcrpctrators were Mike ('onte who
bested tlir'cc Williams‘ inert in the
I'lflflfl yard run. after having out—
Ikicked Albany's Rich fangford in
,tlic final I95 yard lap of the mile
run. and Charlie ('iiggan who won
the not) yard run in one riiinutc.
lift sccoiidsiind then moved upto
'thetwomileandavictoryin91|7.3.
Conte‘s one mile time was4:25.b as
langlord finished only live yard
behind in 4226.2.

l'hiit shaped up as the raccoftlte
night until tfic two mile run got uri-
der way. pitting two All-American
Cross Country runners against
each other. Jim Shradcr of Albany
and Duggtrn of Springfield.
Sltrader is the less flamboyant of
the two runners. content to bear
Albany's poor indoor conditions
(he iiins in thc sCIHL'L‘ tunnels urt—
tlt‘t the academic podium) whilc
letting lll\ running do his talking.
In contrast. Duggan quit his team
for .i week and half until he had
ptt‘s\lllcd them into renting it local
indoor track for the team's use.
\ngi} over the fact that he can not
run with it bra rd at his school. he
now illegally vvcars bcllsontlicout-
sidcof his shortsdiittnghisraccsin
ptttlcsl

hhradcr must have heard the
bells at the start of the race.
because |)iiggtrrr jumped way out
of earshot. grahbinga If) yard lead
.iltci the first llilll riiilc Sltr'adei
tirinc lurk sltrtttg however. and
grabbed tlrc lead .it the mic lllllL‘
tri.itk lirtil 25f! \illti\ to go
\Ittadct ltcld llll\ lead. but with

«93’

 

Duggan only tinkling two yards
‘rehind, Asked why he did not try
0 stretch the lead. Shmder replied.
‘lleck. he's done 8:45 already this
year in the two mile. and the best
l‘d ever done indoors was 9:36. I
figured it was safer to save myself
till the end." Duggan later said
however that “if he had kept it up
right there. I‘d have let him go."

Duggan sprinted past on the last
lap but Shrader with a rare burst of
speed got neck and neck with his
adversary with I00 yards to go.
Duggan: “He really showed me
something there. I never thought
he could come back again.” here.
however. Duggan‘s superior sprin-
ling speed prevailed. Shradcr
stayed but three ya rds behind at the
tape though. in a new indoor
Albany record of 9 minutes l7.6
seconds. He now feels that he will
break till: 9 minute mark before the
end of the indoor season.

Others wcrc not so satisfied in
defeat. Herb lfassan. well back in
the IUD yard run said.“My muscles
just gripped tip. lcxpectcd to really
move out there after running hard
in workouts for weeks but the nice
started and I knew rightaway that i
couldn't go." llill Sorcl was more
philosophic - “We are not in the
coriipctrtivc syndrome yet. We are
still in the workout syndrome
\yftCic you maintain the same
steady pace." lhc rcsult.according
to ( .iii In Clicrtihino, who finished 7
sct‘tllltis hack in the mile rtiir in 4:32
I\ that "before voii know it. you‘re
left in tltc dirt "

with

 

Still. with more meets to come
Albany is far from discouraged.
Coach R. Keith Munsey was far
from upset by the performances:
“last year we started about the
same way against these two teams.
and by the spring were even with
Springfickl and well ahead of
Williams. We‘re looking forward
to much improvement this coming
Friday at l’lattshurgh with that
school and Vermont College."
Assistant Coach Rod Wiltshire

was pleased with the showing/given
by his jumpers Pardini and Mike
()kurilli. and by the forth place
finish of Dave Cole in the 60 yard
high hurdles. He also saw the
ncucfcus of a fine two mile relay
team developing.

()ther scorers for Albany Friday
night were the forth place finishes
ol' Carlo Cherubino in the 2 mile
run (9:414). Dav-e Wilder in the 60
yard dash (6.6 seconds) and Vin
Rcdtt in the 600 yard run (l:l7.3).

Swimmers Win

by Chris Huben

After two rather lengthy
road trips. the Albany State
Women‘s swim team returned
with a second place in a
triangular meet and were
defeated at Potsdam.

The first meet on the road
trip against William Smith
College and l‘redonia State
College proved to be quite
challenging as Albany finished
second. The swimmers lost to
Smith by a score of too-7o.
while edging out lircdonia.
Outstanding performances by
l'racy Hepworth. Nancy Kolln.
Jayne Crabbe. Diane [)abson
and Kathy Maloney
highlighted the meet for

W¢V~~~~~~-W-~Mxxxaevevmx \ x x x \ ~~~~WWW-~A

E M1423?

CUEQBCUQ‘UIEB

Co-sponsored by:

for

Campus

Chest

Dutch Quad,

Al mni Quad, Colonial Quad,
u Indian Quad, State Quad

  
 

Sat.,
Feb. 9th

8:30
CC Ballroom

Donations will be collected for: Retired
Senior

Volunteer

Program

 

Albany.

At Potsdam. the team
struggled and were beat BO-Sl.
However. with several school
and personal records broken.
five women on the whole did
very well. [)abson added
tremendously to her previous
scores with a 202.35 in the three
met diving competition.
Hcpworth. Crabbe. Maloney
andChris Wood also added to
the score with excellent times in
their various events.

On the whole. fora ncwtcam
here on campus. the women‘s
swim team is on their way to it
good season with great
prospects in the future. The
team host ()llL‘tllllit lucsdity at
7:00.

     
        
 
   

   

    

 
   
    
   
   

CN~N------~

  
 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY H, l‘f/‘l

A LBAN Y STU DENT PRESS

PAGE THlH'l‘EEN

  

   

