  
 
 

     
  

  
  
 

 

  
  
   

. -wa.

.. ,svwmﬂ..-

. MA WM.” M. r «W.» VW.WVA. .n‘vk..mae~—u_~k 4rx.,« Vmu‘

“Ni-a

 

   
    

[Manic-remnn...”  nonempty

‘mnmlmw....

 

Ward thee ol evr'y semester. this Urt e ge .
nd:extensive‘seriesofselflevaluation exercises. This usually entails‘fo

tres ncerning course evaluation. teacher recommendations. and con- _

rt‘rctivc ritique. Most of this evaluation passes unnoticed and without incident. It

 

lativcly, new. and therefore. possibly not as developed‘as
V V V ‘ . ght now. faculty across the State University’system‘. and
especially the facultyhcre' a Albany. arc attempting‘to determine to the satisfaction of

I i ‘ a It} ._t;mest Boye who the best teacherat this instutution is. Note that
, are - ermrngto the 'attslaetion ofthe Central Ad ministration. not totheir own.
'I‘herc are but a' handful of faculty here that are vocally distressed over the system es-
tablished for the nomination of thc“Distinguishedil‘eacher“award. The award brings
with it notonly the ego-satisfying benefit ofknowing that you are the best in your field.
but there is in addition.jobsecurity. and promotional advantages to beingdcclared the
orrtsurnding teacher. ‘~ ' _

Perhaps hecarrse of the intense pressure placed on all the faculty to put otrt their best.
the political rivalries and petty clashes that make up the every day world of higher
academies become highly'amplificd. The problem here is'thttt the same rivalries that
serve only to it'ggravatc and irritate intrafaculty relations during the rest ofthe year. is
now subverting the entire process of outstanding teacher evaluation. 'l‘cachcrs have
complained that jealous and politically conniving department heads are conscioust
withholding information vital to the professors‘ chances ofachieving his goal. If in fact
there are suclt immature department chairmen. deans. etc.. it does no credit to that
department. school or Division to engage in such petty behavior.

'l'aking home your hat and ball becattsc you dotr‘t like the players went otrt ol'style in
grade school.

Return of the Natives

’I'he decade of the 60‘s has becomcrassociated with what people like to euphemise as
“student activism“."admit-purposeiterm that belied-thetde‘eptfeltrcd‘mmittment that
students ‘held toWards the itnp'rovem'ch'lt'df the'situ’at'ion b’o’ih'it’t tacit pdﬂiﬂhlifr‘l’lhivEtr-
sitie‘s‘arid iiijil't'eihtt'ii’o‘n'a's’a riv'h‘oléi‘Administrations, on both levels. berﬂewary of stu-
dent protest, primariiy because great strides in reform resulted from them.

Those same administrations have been enjoying an uneasy peace with the students.
'I‘hey hoped that the time for student unrest has passed. that now students will return to
books and socializing; They hoped that protestiwas justa phase, a passing fad ofthe
bored elite. 'I'hat reassurance has all but been shattered by the recent events at SU NY
College at New Paltz. In what hopefully will be the first in a long line of student
rcawakcnings. the students of New Paltz have organized and voiced their discontent
with the way that their lives have been run at their college.

The New Paltz students are tryingrto prevent the “regression” of administration
policies - things like tightening requirements. lowering grades. and cutting back ex-
perimental studies funds. They are also dismayed at the power ofthe College Assembly
(comparable to our University Senate). the denial of tenure to a popular philosophy
professor because of his age. and the dismissal of three women faculty members.

Suchractions are not unique to the campus at New Paltz. We have our own parallels
here. The tenure issue is still hot. and the University Senate. as major policy-making
body in academic affairs does have its problems. As well. the University will be seeking
a new President to succeed Benezet; students should have a say in that decision. But. if
we do not organize and prove ourselves responsible enough to make otrr voice heard.

_ no one in the administration will listen.

The fraternity achieved among members ofa strike or a demonstration isa delicate.
lragilc. and yet somehow lasting experience. Faculty and students worked together in
the past to achieve goals like reform in grading. innovative courses and examination of
the tenure process. We cannot let this progress slip away from beneath us. Those things
we worked so hard to achieve are now threatened by powerful administrations. The
spirit of community between students and faculty. as well as students alone. is all but
extinguished.

Perhaps this spring. things will be different. Perhaps there are some things that need
to be said. and need to be said loudly.

; .

lottoltuCutu.........-
.msnuho ya: Entro- .
Nemlonol.‘..............
.A-oclkrl New! lotto-I... .
Cmtm'roa........:...
Minna-lotion”
MIDIM‘.;..........
AmnAmIDinn.... .
_ 


 

  Austin-w":
.....:.....BAIIY BINNIII
.................ﬂ...,....throum:
.. run-JNANFY Antwan. pants]. (lungs

‘.. .........D.\vrn ttxrrr‘rlenorstq
........NANCVMILI.II
.
 Klvrit mmlu
...........Junvstuotrr
............B|ueiMAoom

 

   
  
  
  
  

 

..........._..

 

 

    

 

...-..n....-...

     

0...»...

 
  

n...

 

 

..........,.....‘otn

   
   
 

 

   

 

.A-vunuuolsudm........ ............ -,..o.........to.......-..s.‘!;INI?AMlikJi"
Amalgam-trioManson...............  I Dciu

MnonI-mma'mumn.......l   Hulda-cuss
‘llcln,|cn.lonoa..........;.’.   nDAthmu.

     

Auctnltlcaprcxehmm...2............. .........MATIMIVEI,MICIIAEI.XM|I€[I§UI
  ...;.._.'Jaalvatlwp'

 

   

 .1..;.........L.‘..w-nn
Abrahammucnou.

 C IIAmmctunv'Mm.'0nYwu1'
 .............................'._..._..;Iod‘MkaNmt.DIwmllutm"
ouaomcl LII MA"!!! at Camus clun- no AND 33‘ AND DUI rm All «ratio. maul-ll“.

.n

   

   

 

 

"albumin marzer or run mom “Allocation

 

 

 

ajudgement on theiracademic lives. there is no fanfare. .

tthe eti'c‘arry ts'a'n

   
    

  
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
  

 
 
  
 
  

 

 

 

utilv

IF WU H/(ED WIS ONE, YOU’LL LOVE .

'PE/l/ACY “477+ HONOR’

- In The Final Analysis 

 

Louis T. Benclet‘s days as University Presi-
dent arc drawing to a close. and in a short
while the process of finding a suitable replace-
ment will begin anew.

Eatery to theassessmcntBenezet made in
his resignation statement. his years here were
not Very good ones for SUNYA. Many ofthe
problems the University faces dttring his
tenure were imposed from without —from
SUNY Central Administration and the
legislature. Less and less policy-making was
left to the Uttivcrsity Center itself. as the peo-
ple downtown decide how much capital

construction there would be. how many full-
time students we would enroll andythc size of
our operating budget.

During the Ilertczct years there was
dctcrioriation in ttll three of these areas. We

now need capital construction; the campus is '

overcrowded. The size of the student body is
too lrrrgc and faculty-student ratios hrrvc
worsened for the fifth consecutive year. Final-
ly. the operating budget ltns not kept pace with
inflation and enrollment growth-

Iiut too many of the problems were self-
imposcd. Several outsidcevaluutors reports of
various university departments pointed to a
lack of competent. directed leadership from
the top. There has been no real focus of deci-
sion making, and too little accountability.

Moreover. there has been departmental fac-
tionuliration (often encouraged by the ad-
ministration). promotion of the wrong people.
improper and unfair procedures on numerous
tenure cases (inclusing missing files. stacked

r

tiles. malicious and unfair comments) as well -

us too much secrecy. rt greutjdcttl of general
buckbiting and the general ignoring of student
and faculty opinion on many crucial issues.
beginning with Mohawk Tower fiasco and
campus parking and leading up to probably ,‘
promotion of Richard Kendall. Finally there
has been too much administrative disregard
for tenure and promotion opinions of depun

 

by Glenn von Nostitzi
ment lacrrltres.

I lie administration hasdonc little to stop all
this. there has been a great dcrrl of rhetoric
about this being a “University Community“.
lltlt there has been no action to make it into
()IIL‘.

I'hesc problems cannot be blamed on the
legislature or on SUNY Central Administra-
lion.

Now we can begin again. with a new Presi-
dent artd a new Arts and Sciences Dean. A
Presidential Sear:h Committee will soon be
lormed. to he overseen by the University Corn-
mrrnity Council. livery conceivable cllort.
must be made to ensure that this will be all
open. frcc body. widely representative of the
entire University. It cannot be "stacked". It
cannot opcrntc nrrder cover.

Perhaps if it is open we will get a President
in I975 who is fair and forceful.whowiiicxer-
eisc leadership rather then lertving so many of
the important decisions to rt Vice-President
with little experience in,rrcademin. We need It
President with exceptionally tinc academic
ercdertlials. so that we will have not only
political. hrtt academic leadership. We need a
President who will give us not only pretty-
sounding speeches. but substantive ones. as
well.

The same qualities are needed in the new
Arts and Sciences Dean. Student leaders say
that Candidate Morton Kaplun had the re-
qrrired personality jfor the job. since he came
across as a forthright man and a good leader.
Unfortunately. too many ofhis views were an-
tithetical to the student position. The same
should have been true for the position of
Associate Dean for Behaviorial and Social
Sciences. But now it appears all too likely than
Richard Kendall. a man with littlcneadcmic ‘
standing and without broad-based support.
will get the job.

If the selection process is truly open. for
rmcc. perhaps we will Iinally get tatndidatcs for
President and Dean who possess the qualities
this University really needs. '

chrnéseruzzr;

To the Editor:

In regards to Elliot Ramer‘s letter (ASP.
February 4)., I wish to congratulate him and
his “informants” on boldly prol‘l‘cring a sound
piece of advice asregards any China pogcy:
“[The Chinese people]....do not welcome or

appreciate the intrusion of uninformed in-
dividuals into their political affairs. any more
than we in America would welcome such in-
terference.“ Regrettably. Mr. Ramcr's ud-

, monition is twenty—five years too late. rrs had it

not been for our uninformed meddling at that
time. there would be no “Chinese political
problem" today.

In concluding his letter he gives us a further
opportunity to correct our ignorance by listing
the name and address of one of his “infor-
rnrrnts" that we may seek the truth in regards
to “any aspects ol Chinese culture“ we may
choose.

In concluding my letter lshould like to add
yet another source. albeit my "informers" rtre
more difficult to contact than those of Mr.
Ramer. The reader may direct enquires to
students in the Interrogation Centre of the
Secret'Police at Taibéi. (Ching Bei Tsung Pu).
rind the political prison on Green Island. (Lu
'I‘rro). ’I'aiwan. or as it is more affectionately
known. burning Hot Island.(HuoShao Tao).

Alas. Mr. Ramer. you‘re a day late and a
dollar short.

. . John Wands Sacca

w. .W. -- u- .....

Bauman Bows In

To the Editor:

At this time. I would like to announce my
candidacy for Vice-President of the Student
Association. I believe I possess the
enthusiasm. experience. capabilities. and
energy required for the job.

Having attended another State University
(Delhi) prior to my coming here last August. 1
find I have an additional perspective that will
complement the job. I was a member of this
year‘s Budget Committee. am a justice on our
Supreme Court. a representative to the Un-
iversity Senate (and on it's Educational Policy
Committee). and have attended every Central
Council meeting this semester as a student
spectator.

I have been very rtctivc in SASU. and have
been working with Ken Stokem as assistant
coordinator for SASU.

Hercwith is my general platform:

SASU

Only a simple statement is needed here.
SASU is it major student voice in New York
Strtte politics. and it‘s about time Stutc Utt-
ivcrsity students had it! SASU also allows
students to advantage of money-saving ser-
vices. which only rrn orgttni/ation of it's si/c
can offer. SASU is important; warrior/rural":
and must be supported and worked with to the
fullest extent!

A Cut In Admission l‘rlces

It would be one of my top proiritics to look
into the feasibility of redtrcing or abolishing
admission priccsol’ SAl'undcd activities. Early
in the year. I pressed Bridget Comntitlec to
thoroughly discuss the possibilities. but it was
to no avail. It is now time to bring it up again.
Currently we students rrrc paying 64 dollars a
rear for student ttclivitics. yet we still must pay
"sIII'H when we attend something on annpus. i
would press for rt complete study! "5 l0 Willi”
we would need to cut and where the prices
could come down. With these results in hand.
we could then evaluate what the students wrrnt
and need.

Quad Iloards

This school is too large for us to sensibly de-
pend on campus-wide activities to fulfill the
students individual social needs. Quads allow
the campus natural subdivisions with which to

TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 1974

 

work to present more diversified ind ere'lti

activities andxrroeii'tlzfunctionl. Mlnyhfthe r
more successful parties have originated from

, the quads. gwhieh pointsto the fact that this is I

» , what;the students want. For thisreason'; I»

believe quad boards must be encouraged and
lrnancially supported in the future: much
more so than in the past! I

Quad cards. as it helps achieve this end.
should be supported and encouraged.

Creativity

We are younger than our parents. and our
lack of cynicism is one of our greatest assets.
so lets take advantage of it! ldon‘tbeleive
that the SA has been open enough to creative
change. Too often. the people in our student
government tend towards the more secure.
traditional ways. Caution is good. but over-
ran/ion errn take the life out of an organiza-
tlott.

I Would like to see the Political and Social
Positions Committee ofthe SA reorganized so
that it would be involved in the creation and
investigation of new ideas. Ideas could come
from all sources. including the committee
itself and of course students.

In Conclusion...

I am running because I want to help the
students. and this is my means to achieve that
end. In summary. my platform is this;
anything I belicvcthe students wrrnt or need. is
what lwant. InClosiugJ want to remind you
that your vote (yes. even in a campus election)
(/ur's' matter. and it you dorr‘t vote this year.
don‘t complain IIt'.\'l ycnr!

lhank you.

Andrew Bauman

Secret Agent

  

..:. _..

To the Editor:

Not only has Curt Smith been denied
tenure: it looks asthough"certaitr powers"arc
out to prevent him from winning a teaching
award as well!

In his English 213 (Science Fiction)cluss on
Wednesday. March 20th. we lillcd out com-
puteri/cd evaluation sheets which undoubted-
Iy plrry some part in determining Curt Smith‘s
eligibility fora rcachingaward. Well. whilethc

'prol'cssor honestly kept himself absent from

the classroom during the evaluation session.
the girl who was administering the evaluation
knew nothing about it! She could not provide
us with the instructor‘s code called for on the
computer sheet and was unable to get the in-
formation from the English department.
Having takert computer science. I am well
aware that a program must be complete before
the computer will process it correctly. In view
of the missing code numbers. it does not
appear that Curt Smith has much of a chtrncc
to win a teaching award.
Carole Hrrrnol'

Obscenity Is In
The Eye
Of The Beholder

lo the Editor:

[7": [pl/ment): is a copy ofa letter Io Slate
Siam/or ll’n/lr'r lung/cit _

l supposcl amrt bit Irtte in writing. brrt I un-
derstand that two versorrs of the proposed
obscenity bill must now be reconciled it it is to
pass. [his hill is a piece of idiocy and art out—
rage. Surely grown rtrcn and women entrusted
with the state's serious business have better
things to do! Just becartse Nixon‘s Supreme
Court is systematically rlcrnoiislring the Bill of
Rights. thereby making all sorts of govern-
rncrtt repression constitutioth is no reason
lor' the slate of New York to play follow the
leader.

Here are a few reasons wiry this bill must be
relegated to tile garbage can: .

I. It is nobody's business whrttnnyone else
vrcws in seclusion.

2. There is no reason to believe that “por-
nograplty" has any ill effect bu anybody (ex-

3‘. Our police agencies sho V
to preventcrirne‘: they have nob _Ii '
> ingsuch intitn'tr e games as snooping Iron

  

and reading only approved autumn. Idamn

well do not want 'my tax money used to pay a '

.

policeman' to censor myliter’ature!‘ ; '. _ _

4. "Pornography" ‘ "has neVer" been
deﬁnable rrnd never will be. because it is not a
meaningful concept. It is a purely emotional
vrrlue judgement with no substantive content
whatever.

5. There is plenty of real obscenity in this
country. 0n a street ,orner near my home is u
conspicuously displayed a huge. garisth ugly
red rrnd yellow McDonald‘sbillbottrd.T/ris is
an obscenity. and —very much to the point~-- I
cannot avoid seeing it.

There are far worse obscenitics.ofcoursc. If
the poisoning ol'ourair and-wutcrnnd the rape
of the land itself is not obscene. if racism and
every such kind of irrational hatred that runs
rampant in our cotrrttry is not obscene. then
what is‘.’ (Sex. of course!) Whrtt about the in-
nnrnerrtble abuses of porvcr at every level of
government'.’ The bchrrvior ofour national ad-
ministration is nn obscenity and a gross insult
to the American ptrblic. The Viet Nam war
was a mind-boggling obscenity. The list could
be rnrrltiplied indefinitely.

So what are we doing about these things?
Does anyone really have time to worry about
whether his neighbor is watching it sex movie?
When such ntovics are banned the neighbor
will probably be out peeping in at someone‘s
bedroom wirtdow instead. '

b. liy banning “pornography” we will turn it
into a profitable illegal racket which we can-
not control. just as we have done with gambl-
ing. drugs” and prostitution. It seems that
despite thousands of years of experience peo-
ple cannot lcnrn thatprohlibition and control
are not~synonymous but, rtmthc contrary are
mutually exclusive.-

7. It has been demonstrated rnnny times
that the prurient attraction of sexurtl material
depends largely on the knowledge that it is for-
bidden. When it becomes freely available (to
ndrtlts. or course. and in private) it loses much
of its attraction. The only function ofa ban will
he to give satisfaction to the “moralists” who
have tl compulsion to outlaw everything of
which they disapprove because they are
helpless to do anytlting else.

Such people as these are the ones with the
dirty minds; it is they sho arc pathologically
obsessed with sex. It is they who are responsi-
ble for our children‘s learning to treat sex ttnd
nudity its a dirty joke. something to smigger
at. Whrrt they really wnal is to legislate human
nature. I'his isol‘ course no idle fantasy but.
further. it is an rrrrognnt assumption of
superior morality and an outnth against per-
sotlttl, liberties.

Our society is based on the premise of per-
solittl freedom. and any infringement of that
lr'cedom must be specifically jirsril'icdl. The
burden of proof is of those who would restrict
lreedom. In other words. ifyou voted for this
bill or intend tovolc fora compromise version
von are bound to answer the simple question:
why? You must make a case and defend it with
rard. objective evidence.

John C. Overbeck

U.S.F. Wants You

to the Editor:

As evidenced by the number ofdeclnrntions
of candidacy present in the ASP. it is obvious
that major political elections are about to oc-
cur. Unfortunately. the importance of these
elections is not usually reflected by either
student trrrnout or knowledge of the can-
didates‘ qualifications for office. As all too
many rcnliZc. this lack of knowledge of the
candidates' brtekgrorttrds oftert results in clcc-
lions being popularity contests. Another
possibly rcgrettrrblcnspcct ofstudent elections
is the presence of unethical campaign prac-
tices. All ofthenbovc mentioned adversities in
elections crm be dealt with rind are the con~
corps of tire United Student‘s Front (U.S.F.).
the present goals of the U.S.F. do not include

‘ the endorsement of any candidate. Its present
' purpose is 'to in"entigttte the upcoming clec~
lion and from these observations propose

measures which may be taken in the ftttrtre to

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

:- ,
94 :-

to make inire' that private dltizens areleeing,

   
  
   

incarnations a m. a; scan u.s;t=. ott’

.‘r‘ne‘atuy April 2 at 7:00 part. in hectare Center‘
’ 5. If there are any do
contact me. . '

 
 

. Those Who rrvé'3*

In Glass Houses

To the Editor: r

Iwould like to respond to Wayne Halper's
letter of March 8. First ofall. I would like to
tell you that I became heavily involved in Stu-
dent Association this year. lwas not involved
last year. but this year I held. until March 8
when I resigned. one of the four major ex-
ecutive positions in the Association. My
resignation .ers for academic reasons. but
that‘s beside the point. What Iwould like all of
yott to know is what I realized about the peo-
ple that are presently involved in SA. and that
is that they are a small number of people——
small be'ause it was hard to find people to
help us this year. They're a dedicated group of
people that. honest to God. spend 20 to 40
hours a week doing various sorts of work for
the association speaking to administrators.
handling student problems. whatever. rind
corny as this mrty sound to Wrryne- --thcse peo-
ple work for him and you and me. We don‘t get
much money for what we do. I made ap-
proximately $7/week in my. position $7 that
I worked 20 to 30 lrours,’ week for. ’I'hat‘s pret-
ty low pay. needless to say. but llreotlter peo-
ple in the office made it worth it. Sure. some of
them have been around it long time-mbrtt
they‘re friendly. They were friendly to me the
first day I walked into the office and they're
still friendly to me. they're not any picture ofrr

clique. A clique is what I see asa groupofself- .

centered people that talk to no one but insiders
and gossip about enclt other. This is not what I
forrnd irt SA. and I would like to say
something else: Anybody can walk up to Cant-
ptr Center Mound offer to help. Yott won‘t be
turned away. You won‘t be ignored. It‘s danrn
hard to find ltelp. We all worked short-handed
this yerrr. I myself advertised l'oran assistant
and got no responses. Don‘t let‘nnybody kid
you il'you wrrrtt to. you can get a hell ofa lot
out of the SA groups and otrt of SA. if you
choose to become involved. And don‘t think
it‘s too late to offer your assistance for this
year if you do come down here. you'll find-
that tlte people spending all their time in the
office and doing poorly in school. for their
tinterrnd trouble have utore in them to be ad-
mired titan despised. Atrd in closing. I would
like to add a word of warning watch out for
people who sling mud rrt other people. for if
they cart only btrild themselves up at the ex-
pense of others. perhaps they‘re not worth
‘lisreuiug to.

Sandy hodner

American Graffiti

to tire Editor:

We are a small group of graduate students
engaged in a research project on graffiti.

Limited by site. time. and budget. we must
seek alternate methods to obtain samples
nationwide. The alertness and retention ofthe
yortng mind rtlong with the student‘s mobility
make college students a valuable source.

We would greatly appreciate tiny assistance
you cart give to aid ourrsolicitation ‘ for this
project.

We thought you might place a bus in a
strategic location for you students‘ eon—
rribrrtions then send them on to us C.0.l). or
possibly you could put a corrplc of litres in your
paper asking the students to send direct to us
rrt the above address arty clever graffiti they
lrnve observed.

Burl Moss
PO. Box 8402
Greensboro. NC. 274w

PAGE THIRTEEN

estions. please feel free to w

Guillaume," ‘
Chairman U.SlF. I

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
   

    
         
   
     
 
 
   

 
  
   
 
 
  
  
   

 
  
 
   
   
  
       
    
      
     
   
   
 
 
 

   
   
       
      
  
  

 

. '4...

.er...‘.

.3...

' 3MWLAW~ ,

 

   
   
  
  
   
 

