 

 

 

 

   

 

 

TX.

 

Quote of the Day

“There is not a single speck or fragment, however you describe it, of evidence
you‘ll hear or you could hearthatJohn Mitchell did anything to fix, to stop.

or to inﬂuence an investigation of Robert Vesco." I
~l’eier Fleming. Jr., Mr. Mitchell‘s attorney

editOriol/ comment

 

 
  
   
 

'lAdvise And Reject

After protracted interviewsand debates, the Search Committees for both the Dean of Arts and
sciences and for the Dean of the Social Sciences Department are due to report to the President
I Within the week. Nine months after commencing their search for a replacement for the mneh /
.maligncd 1. Meyer Hunsberger, the Arts and Sciences Dean Search Committee lintited its % r   ‘
recommendationsto two candidates, one of whom already indicated his desire to refuseany ad— ilffffffli” Ill“  fl,
:uhziizirlziiv: appoir‘iitgient at this University’i in favor of a teaching career: . . . I V'llftf'fflf‘I lfl/ f V];
iitg'can i ate, Morton Kaplon. is the epitome ofeverything this Universrty doesn‘t i fl ‘
need. Morton is an anachronism oftimcs when student ate goldﬁsh and were more concerned w ill“
With "rush" functions than in the effective governance of their institutions for higher learning. l
Morton docs notbelieve in student powerHe has said so in riotso many words. He believes that

. it i

l i
r r’
the moment ofthat attitude. Try to convince Curt Smith that student are an impediment to the f
if '  C ‘
..y 'll‘ll'lyln“ ... 
f iii “If. lrfffl | m

p
i“.

 

 

 

with few exceptions. students have used theirpower wisely and toward the betterment of this Un-
i erst y.

Morton Kaplon would like to reverse all that has been accomplished in the past ﬁve years. The
compleat administrative bureaucrat, Kaplon would no doubt feel self-conscious and wary that
students could act as watchdogs for the unfair and ineffective execution ofhis duties So much
the better. lffor no other reason. student power has been the most important development at this
and any other University for the simple reason that it helpstokecpthe Administration honest.

baplon apparently feels that he doesn't want students delving into the affairs of the Arts and
Scrences Dean. That alone is all the more reason to insure that students continue in this role

Morton Kaplon is not the type ofman we need forthe high position of Dean. it took too much
student and faculty sweat to remove the Hunsberger. We urge President licnczci to reject Mor-
ton K'aplon s application to the post and reconvene a new Search Committee with the hope that \‘ ‘
this time may meet Willi more success. I ll'lllh T“ T

. " "I it 1.4‘

students have no place in the tenure review proceedings. Try to convince Carolyn Waterman of - I
effective governance of this school. V ii
’4‘ ‘ f i '
; ‘ 'r rp . .' ill
Ay’l (My/rip '
vflllflr ff

Student power is a hard fought right. and a hard won responsibility. The recordsishow that

1

Frozen Desserts

_ Slleclll'ASSUClttlitln Vice—President Barry Davis litistakenthe unusual move of rcqnestingfhc
lreezrng ol the budgets of the Juniorarid Senior classes. and then following up this action with a
threat that he will risk SA. President Steve (ierber to invalidate the class elections held earlier
this year. Davis' threat. in effect. demands that the Class governments of' [974 and l975

I 7?”? /F YOU 5£LL ME 7EN 64Lsz YOU'LL GET 71‘75 D/SH
‘oo '1 ‘ h c .' 1: 55 re" ' n o ' crs 0 'or ' ' v' ' " ' ' - " ' 77?  
zeinchéﬁxtid :‘pugtgltmmg  it man . ff mulating ti constitution at the nsk of P405 77775 A ACT/V5 /V. K H/E’HBA’LL GLA55/ I

DaVis' intent is a good one. The Class governments have been operating for the past five years 93‘}
under nothing save their own good will. While nothing has happened since then to warrant con- A
cern on the part of the students as to the activities of their class officers. the recent debacle
result’rng'from the Miami Bus Trip points out the need that these groups should have a written
constitution. But the methods that Mr. Davis has used in insuring the success of his plan ’IrL’
questionable at best. The Class governments are not an S.A. funded group. They are not under
the Student Association's direct jurisdiction since they are funded solely from contributions
from their contituents and not from the mandatory student
‘ lhus any action by S.A. Vice-President Davis in that official capacity that impedes thccxecu-
tron of the Class government‘s administration is bound to come under severe question by the r
students. Davis has used the liimsicst of reasons asjustificatio.. for his action. He cited a dubious [Timing-y. h was only nmum" lhcn' mm the
  liftsldcnll Michael Lampert when be from the budget of the thcncl/(‘Jrlrhlzlrjiziznﬂigfii‘sicumpusmcmngm

~ . , probable that Lampert himself had no precedent frorn which Prolc“ i -d -« mm" M “Imam”
to act. and thus Davrs‘action brings up questions of constitutionality. Mr. Davis. with all good l)unch:‘:lii:utuflilc“lnikihcfllmw: “WM! um “c

s . . i '. . ’ ‘ ' ' ' ' A.“ u I ) ill"
:giellllll‘tii:  illlitlvhfjrlty given to him in his office. ‘Hc tr .already stated if In the traditional tllfidulijluili/c [[liiivtcrr,’.iiy
their senior WWI; . i . cyus I it. simply to ensure that the Senior class be able to hold :f‘lfufiwudlly milk“ th’ “"PUNHHI dccrsiori on

‘ . L‘ (C. cm:ch - a .. 

When a Student Association official. especially in the high office that Mr. Davis has been pun” "' Em“) "ftﬁlllibli? gcfr‘lilililf‘id‘cmm
elected to. dccrdcs to claimjurisdiction over areas that may clearly be out of his range. we must be "mcnmcry "5 mm" “hum” “l “‘0'” :Cildfllllc
Prcﬁflllcd will] far more firm bases that that of tin irate Senior wwsmlg 0' ju“ “ “195"” buml’ ‘1‘” lf‘f?

lhe complicity of the Faculty Student Association. with which the two Class Governments WWW Brunch and “me cm‘ ‘ 4
have agency accounts. is unfortunate at best. The opinion of FSA‘s comptroller that “everything
is SA around here“ is a shocking display of ignorance for the way University business is con-
ducted here. Everything is certainly not 's‘A around here" and the faster birth SA and l‘SA f'icc u
to that fact. the sooner nagging problems such as these will disappear I ‘ p

/
J ‘

 

Short Circuited

)ytilennivoii Nostit

Foculty Power:

 

their influence. lhe University is lllll for n
State Office of (icncral Scryiccs. or .i f
pillitlltlll. with edicts coming down low
high. and not froin ilic faculty.

I What it means is that men like l‘tvfrlr
Scrcncc Professor Bayliss ctrri hc «fr it ‘1
tenure. in spite of a unanimoUs dt-piiirati '
vote supporting him. l'lic lldllllllhllilllitli‘ it
do almost anything it wants. ()ii lilt)ll\\ «.i
administrators .scl themselves tip as cyptrr» '
l’nlrtictil Screncc. largcly igiitiiinp "it
tlcprii'lrncnt‘s icconiriicndirtion “fr ‘-
l'nglish Professor (.Lll’l Smith conic tip
renew. the administrators wct‘c \lllltl‘ir
transformed iriln Marxist litcriit'\ t'yiitt’
And when Rene Priris. Music l’ttilcsxtit ht"
tip ftii review last year. suddenly lllt\ at
music experts

And when: do students in into lll|\ ’itllt‘
of flirngs'.‘ I he) must compctc Iiii 1| [llt‘tt or r‘
picurstlikcthcfactilty. Additionally with“1

(tie ltcrc for at short lllllL‘. illltl llll‘i lllllli '
reduces their potential impact

lhis is not illl argument for tifiofisliiiiylm'
lhc :pfmimsliirtlic staff. Many of Him I"l‘

l he faculty are being asked this week to give
up the final vestiges of their formal power to it
University Senate in which tlicv arc in ii

  

lint there at SUNYA. things are different.
We spend some $5 riiilliori a year Just to pay
for the admriiistrahir's salaries, compuer to
only $13 million to pay all the faculty. We
have deans. associate deans. assistant to ilic
thfilllb. ilhhlblﬂlllb lU lllcilthL'lﬂll.‘ dCilllh. illld (ill
and on ui/rIi/oirluni. all oftlicsc pcoplc cltryclv
involved in chision making. . I

 

lhe tivo prrncrpril speakers at the AAUP

  

    

A Y Lin c ‘.
r -- ) ‘ JUbfllde. H w- - » . . 
T D T mung” [mic3 U” Mum” induhmn I “I M (i ever. sonic lLtlLllllll.
E  y R S Arthur Collins described ust t i and I mum” mu“ “'l‘c Plitct‘. Arc tlii ..ii
mm“ m Mm I I I V ’ ‘ I ' _ I r I . I . I ‘ V I . I . I V g ‘ I 4 I I I I ‘ I I ‘ t ‘ I I I I ‘ H I A . Fromm)“ . v _ J iow had the miiiistmtors here to serve or . i ~ lll ~\ ll ..t i.
Awmm' '0 ml Emm- .. .. . . . . .. rm 1:. BuNkuiy ‘ b situation has become l‘lCllll i make l > ‘t d L t ‘
News l on I "" ' ' "AR" “ENNV” mcmngs u”: spa“:le Ullcndcd ' ‘d ) p“ “y.
frequent. bccttusc “” ‘”' l'ﬂt‘ulty certainly do face an uphill form |

     
 
 

. . . . . . , . . . . , . . . , . . .DAVll) Lumen
. chv ALDAUUM, Dave HMUtIENUMt
.... .' . . . . . . . . . . . .Gl.ENN voN NOSTITZ
NANCY Mrr.i.v.it
.  LLSIJE DAVIS
, , . . . . . . . . . . .. Kr,er DANllrLS
, . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . ..Joov UAYMUNI‘
. Biiiror: MAUUIN
' Ken AirorrmtI
. . [.mnn Mort!
. . LlNlM DItSMUND
Lns ZUCKEHMAN
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . DANIEL CllALl.
. . . . . . . . . . . , . . . .. MATT Maven. MICHAEL RositN’rit/tnu
. . . . . . . . . , . . . , . . . . .. . . . . Jenny Ariiitecir'r

I most professors know tl'
aiming really important will be decideddl
m tinyJ faculty members feel out of touch With
c it ministration, and i '
puwcrlcsav ridivrduirlly they feel
Quite simply. most of the power has flowed
upward to the administration on campus and
If: leNV (.critral Administration and ilic
.Y.S. Legislature 'I'hesc bodies make the l
important policy decisions. lcavttig a few
crumbs behind for a hungry University Senate
and an even ltungricr faculty.
I While faculty may still hold considerable
way at other itcliools. here at SUN YA they
must compete Willi the administrators. the

what they want is more influence. they now
very well kick students out of tlic Scniitc \Iui
although the number of rrdtnrnistiatiw you
can  reduced in number, that does i‘i l|l(.ift
administrative influence will declriit \"
mllllbllHlUIS are more readily accessible to ll“
information needed to make pUllcytlL‘t'hlfIlt‘i

At ilic itiot of ilic problem is fill: fritt tli.ti
acuity never had much power here lll lllL' lll‘rl
pliicc. lhe University Wits created in II\ P”
serif form including bureaucracy. will) IV"
years rtgo. lhe Rockefeller wuy “l ‘1‘”“l'
tliiill$b was to create such it bureaucracy ll"
did it downtown by tripling the state nitric

R. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
AW lltll. news l-Loiroiis . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . ..
Cri'i't.oiro‘ir....,  H"
EDIIONML hos Eni'ron . . . . . . . . . . . ;.. ..
Ants lotion . . . , . . . . . . ,  .. ...
Assert ILII. Ann Emma , . . . . . , . . ..
Puvrrw Entroii . . . . . . . .
Sroiris l-liiiuoti .. ..
Assot Ml! Srons l-Loriol.
ADVHHINNU Manson . . , . , . . . . . . ...
Assor IA". onslrismo Manama ...
Cussmrn onurismu MANAGLI. . . . . ..
'fu'iihtr Ai. Emma. .. . .. .
Asset M". 'i'urimicu. Bonn-s . . . .
Ullblht \5 M'ANAGEI , . . . . . . , . . .

 

 

 

    

 

 

     

   

 

 

 

(itwrrrr Erma... ,. ,  k . .
> .  . . . . , ..  . . . . ..  . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. wmmiiAmuu students and now cv- h . - , ,‘ Wllr or force and creating it South Mall itlltl

Auvtiiiism- - ' . ~d . . , .' Lnl C WWW: St'iff. - ' . . -. '
‘PMltlfikAPﬁ{;ngthfll'lo~ " H’ i I V I I ' i " 4 ' ' ' ' ' ' " U ' w Am“: um" Brawn" ("my busm‘” “03”” (JUVcrnancc Commission reciimmlem ma“ “mm”? m “WW mum!” AM he” ‘“
p . is  .... . . ..  Kori MAONiaN, DAVID SIIM'IKO diittoiis call for it 5 per cent tervtce sniff MJNY/y he did it by setting up not only lttt'tlf

campus itdriiinistrations. but it riitrssivc ('crr
tral Administration staffed by hundreds fl is

this bureaucrac tli ' I
m ‘ . h . [ti ' rciil
pow“. y hit-i grit bed '-

,3ltlt or i ltil’lt Arte Lori trio in Camus Carma 326mm 334 Auto oun PHONE! Alli 457-2190 ANpﬁil-le. "-‘Pmcmﬂllml 0!! the Senate
out. me swim” assrict/triop 1 ' 0 World“ some faculty
' I . Powerless rind want to discuss li

 

rnern bertr feel
ow to increase

 

 

  

 

“in.

 

 

 

 

letters
Pinball Blizzard

lo the Editor:

On Monday. February Ilth. my ten—year
.uld son, Martin. was playing at a pinball
machine in the Campus Center. while waiting
for me«- 1 was then at a faculty meeting. flit:
week before Martin had celebrated his birth-
day and had received some money in gifts.
Only a child. he was foolish enough to have
liiid that money  $25 7— in his billl‘tild that
day at the Campus Center.

While playing. he was approached by three
students (for identification reasons l am dis—
closing that ,they were two blacks and one
white male) who had noticed the money in tlic
l’llllfUld. 'l’hey told the boy that closc by there
was another room with even better pinball
machines, thrc upon they took liirii iiito it
deserted room and demanded he surrender ilic
money. l'lie boy refused: he was then held by
ilic two blacks and struck by ilic w llIlL'
student. who then grabbed the money. toic
tlic wallet into shreds. a rid proceeded to dry itlc
lllL' "loot" with his accomplices.

Ihcsc tlircc culp‘rits owe littlc \ltiitin an
apology at the very least. And lC\pL't'l llll\
.iptiltigy lotippcarhcrc iii the "\SP within two
wccks til this date. Otherwise. I shall liriyc this
iiititfcnt brought to lhcattention of flit-capital
tl|\lllL‘l press. and. iisrr leader of ilic liirlinii

\incriciin community in Albany. l \h.tll pci—
stillilll_\ sec to it that these C\L'tll\ be th\L'llllL‘tl
on the ltaltttn tclcyrsiori program on ( h;inricl
i r

\\ ltir'tlicriioiicy.tlicy cart kccp it lyltlt‘lll'
ly they tliitik their talents of .rssntiltiiig .iiid
triglitcningti child worihSZSoi m In .iii ll\L'lv
yicw. one can only wonder what fun been
.rllowcd it) happen on llll\ campus. lll its
lrciictic "push" toward lftll\L'l\ll_\'kL’lllL'l
stiitus. Is there any longer respiiimblc distinc-
tioii bctwccn boiia fidc \Illt/t‘llll rind limit/y"

Prof \ugristrnc /itc||i
Dept. of Hispanic ziiitl lttiliriii Stiitlics

Benezet Epitaph

lo the ltditttr:
()n ilic occasion til
resignation. I cannot liclp but rcctill llilll_\ S.

l’rcsitlciit llcnc/cf’s
linmtiri's ititlgriicnt ol (rciicral MacArthur.
whom he rcmoyctl from the post til I nitctl
\.itioii's ('oriiiiirintlci rri KtllL'tl Mtcr .i long
Mtitﬂrtliur's
\\.l\ cxhiitistiycly :iiiiily/cd, thc tritcryrt-wci

l’tcsitlcrit tti \lllll up ll|\ lllI
Mac/\rtliur

llicy were. “llc stititk tilt. in .r lllilll

intt-iyrcw in which character
.hkt‘tl thc cy

pit-won of I“ .i fcw toiitisc

windy,
lllill there wasn't :inytlrrirg ic.il .iliotit ”
l' \\.tlll‘ll

Pop-Corn

lo the ltditnr

Since the iippczirriiitc of my lctfci Ill |l|l\
column on l)t:LCllll1L‘l 7. thc t‘\|l|lstll}1 lllt‘
"Popular l,i|c;;iiiirc“ “poll it lllflllllL'l of
people, both students .irid faculty. llil\t‘
\lttllittfll to rtic about If Some were siiipi iyt-d
lhcy had had no idea that so little trouble wm,
being taken to liiitl qurililictl tciitlicis Htlit'rs
thought that a boycott of unqualified tc.itlici y
ill “Popular Literature" inrglil cxlcntl itself to
.i boycott of alluriqualilicd tctichcrs. and were
it little shocked when I suggested that that
might not be a bad idcti.

'l‘hat "Popular literature," it gtiiitiptionuf
('url Smith's Scrcncc l'iction course. is lllt'
"CBlCCWd step-child of the Department is ltlll'
lyclcur. l’lic other riiultr—scction courses til the
Curriculum have cliitrimcii "Popular
Literature." does not (the most logical person
for the job. Professor Sriiith. is being tt‘r»
riiiriatcd and there is really no one else who
could littndlt: if). On September 24. ll)”. flic

TUESDAY, MARCH 5. 1974

chairm' ‘ ~

note to‘ihe‘fiicltilfy lfiiitgiIISh“ Eeparimem 8cm a
each of [he mUIli-scmng t echairpersons for
curriculum" and "askiion courses _in the new
call a meeting ver "5 ng‘FZCh Chalipmpn [.0
important to defin)e tlizllouricélfsc’ I t'hl'nk n
as we can." cs as specifically

The Department evidently feels that there is
no need to define “Popular Literature." no
need tti coordinate the efforts of the instruc-
tors. no need to maintain any kind of quality
in what is basically a. bread-and-butt'er
course for the Department.

It is possible that ilic students don't care
about the tlclitrns of the Department. don't
want a quality Science l‘iclion course. and are
only interested in an “litisy A." If so bear this
in mind: that "A" is only worth a  to
anyone examining yotir transcript! The
Science l‘icfitrn course has yet to establish
itself as a litcrtiturc course. And it cannot do
so tiiiiil If is giycri the same concerned supervi-
sion as other genre and period courses.

llic Department must be riiade to find the
best ltJiIL'llL‘H tiytriliiblc for Science Fiction.
"Popular ('ulttirc." or wlirrtcycr it wants to
L‘illl ilic CtllfHL' It must seek tlicrii out not
rust by risking thc (iizrdtiiitc l‘cllows if they
want to teach ll birf by titlycrtisingand inter-
yicwing l he Dcpttrfriicrit will not do this un-
lcsy the \llltlt'llh Itircc If to. which they cando
\L'l_\ twisin by refusing to prc-rcg for
the Lillil‘k' for tiny \UL‘lltlll ol the course.

[he \ltltlL’lllN ftlt,‘ paying for quality instruc—
tion by qtrrililicd tciichcrs. litit the Department
I\ firing llic busiaiualificd Sciciicc l'lL‘lltlll
tcnchci ll has. .riitl is making no effort tti
rcplricc liirii It |\ marking no effort to set: that
thc IllxllllLler who teach the other sections
ll.f\L’ tiny qualifications bcyong ilic willingness

 

Millhouse

To the Editor:

They roared with laughter. the studentsand
faculty who attended the showing of
"Millhouse." a film presented by the School of
Criminal Justice on February 28. -

Nixon‘s deficiencies (someticms buf—
fooncry) were displayed for all to see in ﬁlmed.
tiiirelictirscd glimpses of his lbchind-the-
scenes slips of the tongue. mistakes. etc.. all
juxtaposed with early campaign flashbacks.
the sometimes blatantly unethical campaign
tricks. the til 'ays included Hiss case. and.
some scary scenes of police maltreatment of
students and Blacks as he addressed a wildly
cheering Republican National Convention.

1 hey roared with laughter. the studentstind
faculty. who were mostly from the School of
(‘riniinal Justice. which has benefited and
grown fit it great extent during the Nixon ad-
ministration. The fellowships. grants. rind
assistantsliips. and other monies doled to
these iccring viewers can be traced in signifi-
cant measure to the liirgcssc of the Justice
Department. the budget expansion of which
was promised by “Law llnd ()rdcr (ergo.
('riminal .ltisticcl candidate \ryon.

llic only thing more blatant
"\lillhtitisc" “its ilic irony : it sometimes seem-
ed as though the loudest lauglicrs were the
rccipicnts of tlic liiigcst dolcs. It would bcun~
wtsc. litrwcyci. to poiiil on accusatory l‘tngcr:

than

to tc.icli"l‘opti|zti l itciaturc." In cxchungclor ‘|,u1 he who is not u ‘prmisitc‘ tliclttst stone,

his lllllL'. lll\ clltiif .riid his money. the student
will ictcn c .i grttdc which will be snecrcd at by
ClllpltiU'H .iiitl .idrriissioiis officers on
lll.|llt‘l how hiin ll l\ bccrriisc ll was coined
Ill .i “grit totiixc." .i tltlllrlllL‘lilllll'L‘ course.
\Ulll\L‘ ncglcttctl .iritl tlL'\[ll\CLl by the H:
lltpniiiiiciii which offers If for credit.

it lllL Dcprritrricnt will not \L'rL‘L'll crin-
tlltlillt'\ l||l tlic \crciicc liction“l’optt|tir
liit-rritirrc" toriisc. ilic \lllllcllly will llil\ c todo
so, .urlcrf pt‘tll.tp\ hi :i sy niprrtlictrt. mcmbci til
lllL' Department
ll.ll\ hriyc not bccn cyirriiriicd by ii student
toiiiiiiittt-c \lltlllltl rccciyc ittrtlcnt endorse-
”.L-ni Hardly-qualified
by the llcpurtmcnt. should lic denounced
tlicii t‘l.t\\tttttlll\ lL'll unfilled. if this scents
drristit \fcp. it IS also it flL'L’C\Slll') only in il
llcptiitmcnf w hich filth nriqtiirlilicd lciiclicis
ill tlil\\ftii|lll\ and tells them t in cllcctt to
“fake it" because the \ltldctlls will ncycr know

   
  
   
  
 

ilic tlrflcrciitc

\\hti knows" Maybe If the Dcpartmcnt is
titiccd to hire oiin the best Scicncc l'ictirin
teachers .iioriiid thcy may how to rchirc (on
South ll only to \L’ltﬁcll tlic otlicr

.ippplitiiiils'
lcstcr llcycrling

Coll of the Wilder

in tlic ltltliit

| s.’|\\ your lL'L'Clll cdittiirzil objecting to
‘-t’l_‘lt'lltllt'tl piiiking \tiu iritrst loigiyc my lack
of sympathy hut .ts it priit tiriic instructor who
tlll\\"\ to \l \\ lo- illl X'flf) class illlLf has to
p.iik Ill tht- butk til the lot and walk past ilic
xIItI\\ toycrcd trirsol resident studciitswho
li.iyt-ri't turned them for day s. oi cycri wccks.l
lL'.lll\ t.iii’t gct trio cycilcd about yourcriusc

\iirt- \llttlL‘lll\ are "human beings too,"
lllt'xt‘ p.iitit'til.ii students are selfish and lit/y
|itiiii.iii lit-rings its well "l'irst Conic. l'rrst
\ciyctl" l‘i hardly an inspiring rallying cry
when if tItlllL’N lltllll people who iirc always
first llt'trlll‘it’ tlicy liyc oiictiiiipus( if'sithout as
tonyiiitiiip .i i.itioii.ilc its that given by those
who sIrt‘tIl lllL‘ night Ill thc (ampus ('ciitci tti
pct the first tickets to Miami)

So the fticulty . stall. ‘tllltl ctiriiinttting
students who hriyc logct tip early and drive for
litilf tlll liotir or more to this fro/cit crypt are
not ctitrtlcd to park nearer the podium than
the Itrtc. rising. seldom timing. r'cstdciil
\lttdctils who only how to stagger into their
clothes and out the door to get to cliiss

And don‘t hold tip the parking strikc its it
shining Chillllplc til .litsticc lriutiipliiirit. lliat
was rust one more \ ictory for iiidtilcncc and

greed

\ti instructor wlitixc crcdcri-'

ciirididziics. ll hirc '

Nancy Wilder
Dcpitrlincrit til lillglisll

   
  
 

 

liill lltiycr

Castles Burning

 

truth by Keri “art

Ilt'tlr \tilri l.

Ht’l'("\ Iflt‘ f ulnnnr. II \ltll'H or I/lt’ llflt/t/ft‘tlf
Ifll' yrori f’l't‘tllIM’ / lint Illt' lrt'gr'rrrilrig lt'llf/t‘
running from \t'tfll'l/l gram/y rr/ l)i.iiit'i'
lf or/tl. llui fur l/It'l 'l/ turn II Illllltll'ltlt’. In tllll'
t‘l‘t‘lll. IIt’I't"\ tl lino/rm o/ ilic \Illl'l Ill iltilt'.

Am

Our tidyciifurcrs. aftcr' lciiyiiig the Miami
hound (‘liiss til ‘74-75 hrs at a rest stop in
northern l‘lUl'ILlil. hitched to Disney World.
\isitcd there and are currently hitching to
Miami on it l‘ltll’ldil Itti'npikc entrance. It‘s
about 10:41) pm. tltcy'rc cold. weary. btit
dcicriiiincd.

U‘X’t‘

.()ttt' thumbs and signs were immediately

qutllltd in upon spotting ii Stirtc lrnopcr car in

ithc distance. Raising tlictlttst near our lccl. tlic
tl stopped. beacons still spinning. illltf we
were introduced to 2i Ncaridcrtlial State
lltlDPL‘l. for all appearances. bent on llflllll-
mg the sici'co-typc til it Southern cop. My ill-
toiiicy :idiiscd nic iti l-ddic lltiskcll this llllfll
and with the aid til numerous “Sorry. sir" ‘s.
riiriniigcd to get only a strict warningout tif ‘ this

illegal hitcliliiking encounter, Wc donned
oiii packs and left our choice l‘ltll’ldil lurri-
pikc cllllilllt‘c \llc. After an liotrr or so til tiri-
lturfftrl tlitiiiibiiig on lcgirlly hitchtiblc back
roads. we found this old lady who wanted tti
hclp us out rind put us up for the night.

My illlillllc) iitlyiscd me to accept licroflcr
and | llillltiL'tl that kindly grey litiircd riiotel
clerk fiftccii dollars and. key in hand. sought

(llll t)lll tittittt

[he a or found us with the dllctlllllil til tit-
ttiining transportation into town. ('liancing to
pcrtisc the Kissimnicc (iti/ctlc thc iiighi
before. my attorney advised me toctinsidci the
bus as it nicaris of Miami bound transporta-
lltitl. sccmg there had been a rash of hitchikcr
killings in this cheery central l‘lUlltiil iowri.

lhc tllolcl clcik told usshc kncw til it ride we
cotrld get into Kissriiiiiicc My attorney ad-
yiscd me to act on this and doing so. we took
hc tide she‘d spoken of. paid the tarbby $3.00
ind lotirid ourselves in front of the Kim/inner
tit'Irt'ni/ Syuchl’otr ()ﬂitw. ( 'u/trlt'rm. and [fro
[Jr/rot "no

Once there. riiy attorney and l checked our

 

 

 

:i'HlCltS and set out It) enjoy the town of
Kissiinmcc‘s extensive entertainment and
~pictirctiii district. lwo pinball gtiriies. a tuna

()0 ' 't

   
   
  

s.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

My Attorney and l

Indian Quad
Pow-Wow

An open letter:

Many students have problems that have
gone unheard. There is a channel open which
is seldom used and is quite effective; the
channel is judicial board. Judicial boards are
located on each quad. and there is also a un-
ivcrsityjudicial board. For the ﬁrst time there
is a Residence Review Board that also has
overlapping jurisdiction.

is your neighbor playing the stereo at the
decibel level of the threshold of pain at4 AM?
Many students might suffer needlessly
because they either don‘t know of the ex-
istence of such boards or some think the
boards are meaningless. The boards are for
ilic students and run by "to students. Ifthere
is it problem wliicb can not be solved by other
methods. tlicyudicial boards do have authori-
ty which is listed in student guidelines. The
boards can recommend action ranging from
unofficial warning letter to the extreme of'dis-
ciphnary dismissal. _

lltipL‘flllly. this lettcrwill inform studcntsof
the unions boards w liicli are now functioning
and at your scryicc. lhe lnlllilllH,‘ is yours. the
boards are here. Contact your dorm director
or qutid secretary for further information.

lriditin Quaddudicial Board

.....mi

\CH'Il hours tti kill before that Miami bound
(iicyliotrnd would touch our ptirt. My ut-
toincy and | wlitlcd riwiiy ilic :iltcrnoon dis—
ctissing pcrtiiicnt isstrcsol ilic day. And sleep-
ing

('oiisidciing our plans to spend thcsix hour
Kissinimce-Miirnii btisritlc in deep slumber.
my attorney tidyiscd me to procure a bottle
each of Iloonc's l-tirni ('ordral and cheap
vodka. lhc Boone's lilllll was negotiated
while waiting for the humid oriccori the lU:403
p,tlt.. 'ill incd with it can of orange soda chaser.
wc commcrtccd interrogating the remaining
btittlc til \odktr.

lcmplicd tine-third ilic bottle. and about to
rititl otrt. handed it to my attorney altcr he'd
\thl‘L‘ he wouldn't toticli it singlc drop.

As we pulled into Motrin. I woke up. glanc-
cd oyci ill the Vodka bottle and sin that single
drop in lllL' corner of the flask. i turned to my
attorney and found that he was. shrill we say.
he was not looking like wlitit god wrinth man
to look like.

With slurred :specclii my titttiriicy informed
inc that perhaps hc'd drank too much. for he
spent tlic ti hour irdc getting acquainted with
‘lic writing on the inside of thc bus's toilet
bowl. l was worried if all his dinner found its '
\\il) ttitlizit bowl and my attorney assured it all
had. Iliii‘ most of it got there by dripping off
the iorlct‘s walls.

J:|U am Monday loiiiid its in the Miami
fins Dcpol surrounded by society's forgotten.
llccdiiig nature's call. I sought out the toilet
and settled the pay toilets door. Scycral
minutes liitcr. tipori returning to the waiting
room. I found my attorney discussing the fall
of Napoleon Ill and the inherent faults of a
predominantly corisciy'afiyc theological
hierarchy with scycral other drunks. Much of
the brilliant dissertation was wasted on ilic
.itidicricc, though.

.‘C.’

We headed uptown Hit the 5.30a.m. ‘5‘ bus.
walked thru the (ll.\f(lll'(ll'.l. and got comfor~
table on their wooden chaise lounges on the
beach in time tti enyoy a riittgiitficciit sunrise.
l\o M5 year old bodiesJ no airplanes trailing
advertising pitches Just the sun. sand.
scagulls. my attorney and thyself. We'd made
If to Monday. All we have to do is stayalivc in
Miami urilil Saturday. Ihc sun an hour over
the horr/on. we fell asleep on Miami Beach.
Little did we know we'd be iiiiirried by sunset.

Alumni by Art/riot." What jute tltt‘tlffd our
utlit'ri/urr "" Nth 'l'iit'xrlrri' r A 91' holds the

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

 

 
  
   

