  

     
   
      
      
    
    
   
   
     
  
  
 

 

 
  
 

' .'. ,suavk authoritieswere grieved
b

but they felt was .‘a grossin-
justiee and a loaeot' dignity on the ‘
‘ f the ‘ ' and students.”

 

ministrations claim that Albany
‘state has rich eved the status of a
*rnatnre" campus . the SUNYA
brass cited .State Dormitory
Authority statistics g on student-
incurred theft and vandalism for
each of the Albany Quads.
However no ofﬁcial action was
’takcn in the matter until Central
council. white-waiting for a quorom
lastlweek. decided to protest the
budget's provisions (or lack of) for
Albany. They have instructed the
Ad missions Office here to drastically
reduce the number of new and
transfer students admitted to
SUNYA for the 74-75 school year.
Council felt that this move would
not only alleviate some oldie" 't‘ r-
crowded conditions here idii'en'to
physical plant limilptions. tip. it
would also sufficient sp'i e't'lt'e rest .

llT’t“

       

.' iiitil!‘  .

originally planned to attend Albany.

The kit rejection. rate that Ad-

missions officers had previously .

been instructed to follow for new
students has. as a result.  chang-

ed to approximately tt‘oooritrtrn will "

allow only about}! newsttrdentsto
be admitted toSUNY Albany forthe
upcoming academic year.

- 'Cottncil ’b

about. not: having I real Freshman
Class ne 5 car? from which {iri-
dividual frats could recruit new
“brothers.” Central 1 Council has
since assured the Greeks that all 22
students admitted in the Fall will be
chosen; on} the basis (of their
predisposition for fraternity or
‘sorority life.

sierra-om remied “Stupe ”

by Muio I’qu

’l‘he I974 Tell-a-Don was held
yesterday. April I. in theCampesino
Ballroom. Members of the Family
went through the audience with
hands outstretched asking for
money to aid underprivileged
members of the organization who
need a place to get away for a short
stay.

The contributions came in lllll"
prisineg easily as Tell-a-Don
workers ‘pa'trolled the Ballroom
making clear their desire to help
their fellows.

On entering the- Ballroom.
audience members were stamped on
.thc hand with “Make me an offer I

. can‘t refuse.“

'l'he 'l'cll-u-Don workers all wore
the same uniform—light. striped
suits. black shirts and white ties.

it “ill' . "mm-"mm- ---- "m" "mt-"M"-
RADUATES -'- READ THIS! ‘
Don’t forget to order your CRAPS AND GROANS.
Order forms are available in the Bookstore.

Please remember to have yourself measured for
your craps!

They carried long. metal tubes with
handles. apparently some kind of
contributional'y mechanism. '

Some fat weatherwoman who
used to work with Frank Sinatra
before his seventh retirement and her
canine bodyguard named Mucho
appeared. Bina Georgina. the
weatherwaman. got her start when
their mothers were making lasagna
together.

The organisation‘s gambling ex-
perts. who put the odds of success at
4:2. also produced much money.
They also sang the theme song “Let‘s
be Amici." during the sing-sing in
front of the Albany Vice Squad.

They received money in the forth
of markers from many. amounting
to it total ot'SlJ million bananas. to
which Binu Georgina is allergic.

     
   

 

FOUL-IT ruuv Boomers :I

 

 

 

      
  
 
 

APRIL 2

7:30 PM

  

LC 12

system. .

  

WHAT’S UP,
DOCK

TH€ TRU€ STORY OF TH€ TITANIC

 

 

slusllululuull

 

 

AWL BENNY srliro SIN EMMA 

 

    

    

 

 

 

  

APRIL 2

      
   
 

7:30 PM

YELLO
SUBMARINE

TH€ UNTOLD HISTORY OF'WALT'T

  

FIVE SLEAZY .
LEASES

Iii D€PTH PROBE OF ALBANY
LANDLORDT ,

  

APRTL 2

  

7:30 PM

 

LC 12

   
    
    

 
 

-‘ wa mourns. noblest—Today President Richard M. Nixon was

vote the first recipient of the Pulitzer Prize for Secrecy.

(:Al’l-j KENNEDY (ltl’l)‘—Comrnander Neil Headstrong has announced
plans to be the first lunar streaker. -

DI-J'l'lwl'l‘ (I’m—There was a large ‘dope bust at the Detroit Lion‘s football
training camp this afternoon. The large dope is Alex Karras. and the sculpter
is unknown. ‘ t ’ ‘
Stilll-ZNIZCTACY (CIA)—A three-year-old research project revealed Today
that Genesscc'lleer is piped in from a Vermont cesspool.

NOLAN l)(lOU)-—A47-year-old research project revealed today that there
tire indeed two sexes! .t’

Uli'l'l-th SLOIIOVIA il-‘Bli— Li‘l Abner. in his first ofﬁcial act as mayor oi
Slohbovia. today signed a new law making I plus I equal 3. Mayor Ahncr
claims that. under the new law. by dealing with other countries STObhthltl
will soon own all of the world‘s currency.

in ASHING‘I'ON. D.C. (Al-‘IJ— President Nixon was seen streaking across
tltc White House lawn early this afternoon. His only words on the subjcct
were "Lct tttc make one thing perfectly clear."

CALIFORNIA (USO—Tommy Newsom and Ed Sullivan were named to
winners of Forest Lawn's “Living Death“ award today.

MAltllVl-ZIAND (BUJ— Katie Killjoy. the little girl from the “Flipper” I'. V.
series. announced plans to marry the large dolphin today. Her par ts \\’L'l’t.'
ttot surprised. saying that they bud expected the move tuna or later.

 

FRISBEEIAND (OR) The high‘princc Umbango oftbe East African nttlion
ol‘ Frishcclnnd has dealt a severe blow to himself and future leaders of that
country. Last night. during the traditional dance ofthe melons. the nude Util-
hnngo tripped over a large casabtt. landing on his frontmost extremity

Needless to say. all hopes of Untbango fatherng an heir to his future throm-

wcre crushed.

LUS ANGELES ((iR) 'I‘otic Fields was caught streaking across a downtown
street today. making her the first person to be arrested for indcccttt arm-\-
postirc.

INSNH‘WORLI) ((iR) Three Walt Disney stars have announced plum to
sue Walt Disney Production. Inc. this spring. Bambi has a $l.2 tttillion suit
pcttdirtg. cluintittg that he was “forced “ as it youngster to perform itt it slit}:
film. Ms. Mitutic Mouse hits demanded a bigger cttt of the cheese. Film“).
Donttldihtck lecls that the fact than he was represented as till “litcoltt‘t'cul
idiot" itt his Iilnts has shuttered his political career.

"ARRISﬂUR(;(I‘Aiyl’clltlsyh’iltllil enacted on anti-streaking lllW yesterday
Aiittppt‘cltcndcdstrcnkcrs will be forced to watch tctt days of continuum
showings of tltc lutcst porno lilms ttstt deterrent to their compulsion to rttn lit
the ttttdc. if the portto liints don‘t turn them offto nudity. 'l'otic Fields will be
on hand to streak around while tltc offender is strapped in a chair. Then the
offender will be rtttt ottt of town on it rail. tttrrcdl‘cuthcrcd. and his cloiho
confiscated. Second oftendcrs will rcccivc an additional Sltltltl Iinc tor lllklk'

ccttt exposure.

A source says the hill. CIA. and Executive llrunch oftite Federal govern-

ment will reject utty applicant who hits a streaking record. 'l'hcscngcnctcs tut'
involved itt keeping things covered up. uttd are ttot interested itt ttttyottc \tho
would expose anything.
I’I‘ZKING (Al’) the price of beams itt this nation was seen dropping to till all
titttc low ol .1 yen per bushel. Atttcricuns here are disinterested. lltt\\L'\t't
lltcy ttrc risking “What does this have to do with the price of pctts Ill Illt'
USS!“

 

TRAN SCENDENTAL
CONSTIPATION

 

As taught by Mohairithi Moheesb Exlux

LECTURE
APRIL T

8:30 PM. LC 26

 

 

 

 

 

NEWS PAGE THE SECOND ‘

~m.“ ‘ r, n -trr

lﬁflllt‘l all N

AWFUL‘LY STUPID MESS

(mam \.tt".t.LJ iii. [HMO ‘ttv 44.

JULY 1. 1953

 

 

. “Harri-«4.

we. :ov.

 

 

,7
t
'.
t
l

 

 

 

.v urns um.»

 

 
  
 

 
 
   
 
 
  
 
   
   
 

 
  
 
 
  
 
  

   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  

 
  
 

   

Bills Hopped Over at Kangaroo Council

by Roberto Jordano

Kangaroo Council met last
Wednesday night for what promised
to be the very last titnc itt its long. ig-
noblc career. Not one bill was passed
til the Wednesday session. which
culminated seven hours of intense
debate over the time that Council
should adjourn.

llefurc the Counciintenthcrs. twu
bills dcttiing with pcrntuncnt student
representation to all academic com-
mutecs. one bill concerning banning
:tll ltttnd guns on campus. and one
proposal to make the Ad-
tttitttstrtttiott tlircctlyuccountubiclo
studcm lccdbnck wct'c tnbicd for tire
first meeting itt Scptcmbcr.

Within 45 minutes tltc kegs were
dt'utttcd. mid Council rccottttt‘tcncctl
the meeting.

l he isttngnroo Cottncil lliltl dccid-
cu ill its previousntectittgto conduct
the meeting itt reverse order. in the

hope of nccotttpiislting ntorc. Thus.
the lit'st words out of Lottgstrcct's
month were. “the meeting is ud—
_|ourncd." ily the tintc the Council
renlixcd the mistake. the serious
ntood that tltc llcinck‘itt had int-
pos‘cd had begun to diminish.

An ittcidcttt threatened to disrupt
the harmonious relations bctwcctt
('ouncil members. as one member
irottt Dutch Quad accused Vice-
Chairperson Charlie Bowcls of tap-
ping the kcgsincorrcctly. “Shit. tltc
wholc thing‘ll be full of foam." the
Councilman was purported to have
said.

I

| h irtccn members of the Council
were impcnchcd alter five minutes‘
discussion for allegedly having 11
perfect attendance record.

The decision to bring beer to.%
mcctittg was made by Longstreet
oltcr serious dciibcrnliott. us he was
laced with possible imprisonment

 

It): All S.U.N.Y.A. limployccs
I‘ROM: Personnel ()Ilicc
Rlzz HAND/\Rl) PROCEDURE
tll lNSl'RUt,‘| l()l\'.\‘ iN l‘llii
l:\’l:\l til‘ l)l;Ai It ()I' AN
l-.lvl|’l.tt\’l£ii

It has come to the attention ol this
()lIicc tltnt many employees are dy-
ing on the job. lor apparently no
good I'L'll.\ttll at it“. l‘urthct‘ntorc
these same cntployccs are refusing to
full o\ ct :tllct' they my: dead.
lat-Hat‘l lVli AS 0|" NOVEMBER

22.|97l

.\tty entployce found sitting after
he or she has died will be dropped
lrotn payroll in ottcc.

ll utter several hours has passed it

 

is noticed that an cmio cc has not

 

tlltt'\l tttttottgt/testars. lllt‘

AUGUST '19. 1955

 

Fur IllttttMlllt .\ o/‘rcurr tmttt tits scare
tl\ tt‘t'll. .s'in'A, It'llt"‘l/lt' transfer ul't‘ttlitrtttttllott (rt-tutu tt Imus/hr intelligent Misti
tt'tttlt t‘tlll Ito lillllltl.‘ Illt' Illt‘tlllill r o intuit-tonn- ls within our

AWFULLY STUPID MESS

moved or changed position. tltc htt-
Incdinic supervisor will in-
tcsttgntchcctutsc of highly sensitive
nniurc ol our employees and the
Icsctttbittncc bettt cctt dcttth uttd titcir
nulurttl working uttilutlc. this in-
tcsltgtttion will he tttndcquictly sous
it! not disturb the employee if he or
dtc is sleeping.

ll some doubt pct‘sistsns to thcttc-
tutti condition oi the employee. ck-
tcud n paycheck iii the general direc-
tion oi tltccntploycc. ll'thccmploycc
docs ttot tcuch for it. it muy be
reasonably assumed that tltc person
is dead. (Note: In some instances the
lltsllllclls so grctti. tltnt n spasmodic
clutch action mtty occur. DO NOT
l.l:'l lillS FOOL YOU).

 

 

 

 

t’l tls unit-m

tor distributing beer to students
\tithout cltccking proof. Sccu'rity
ltttd previoust tltrctttctted
longstrcct about any such action.
but Lottgstrcct obviously dccidcd to
bt'tttc Security‘s threats and go
ahead with his plans to drown tltc
mcctiug itt tltc goldctt bubbly brew.

Si\ ('uttltciltttctttltci‘s were cnrrtcd
oll Ill slrctchcrs by Infirmary per-
stitlltcl ultcr complaining that tltcy
thought the roottt nus "spinning
uround rcnliy' lust."

lllt’cclttt‘ ol' the lnlttmity. .lnnct
llookcr. sold. ‘jlhcit' liters won't be
ilctllcdwitll't phout tltrcc months. it
\lttt\\'.\ you how these poor students
“etc ch truth the pnths of
righteousness and struycd toward
the course oi sin. I tltittk it'sn shock-
ing disgrace." sltcsuid its site liltisltcd
hct :tltcr-luuch martini.

In other business. (‘omtcil didn't
:tccoutpltsh tuty.

by Inquisitor

Sutt-Ych. l’irg. a Chinese-
Americnu strident ttt Albany State
released a dctui led study ofarcn utili-
ty‘ prices compiled by himself and a
group of researchers.

l'irg clturgcd New York “Belle”
with monopolistic practices and
price lixing. Said I’irg. “Etcry
telephone on this campus \titltout
exception is charging the t some
rate for piano: calls. which we in-
gcttiotlsly‘ computed to be tcrt cents
per message unit." Not only that.
l’irg ttddcd. bttt the study indicates
tltttt tltut snmc mic is charged to
ctcry phone iii the ctttire Albany‘-
lroy-Scltcncctndy ili'L'tl.

lhis. l’irg said, is an obt ious c.\-
ttmplc ol monopolistic price-liking.
“l ctttt‘t understnnduhy the Public
Scr\icc Commission hasn‘t caught
this belorc. Rdl‘ttti‘lu htttc it that they
hate been conducting this bluumtly
tlicgttl ttcli\ity [or years."

(‘outtttcnts by .\‘. \’. lcl cyccutiycs
here not tiillit‘tlil itt obtaining.
"Whirl tltc hell is “long \\llll this
guy?" :Inkctl one ollicitti. nho rc-
qttcstcd to remain unmttttcd.

“What the hell is \ttottg with this
guy?" tutotltct ttnntuncd licll lcl oi-
tictttl said. “Jesus.” he said. “You
IL'KIL'b lbw“ Kung-I'ttmtd tltcy think
they‘re Don Quixote.“

Ihc strongest words toward tltc
.|ll.\'l-l't.'it.‘ilbL't.l study cttntc lrottt Cont—
pntty‘ ('Itttit'mun ol tltc llottrd. who
exhorted. “What the hell is “long
“till this guy?"

Sim—Yeti l’irg has released at few
other surtcy's recently. in n cout-
ptchensiw review of SilNY/Va ditt-
tug hulls the Chinese l’uhlic t'csctu'ch
\tottdct quud Itutlttstic diilct‘cnccs
til loud uttuntity. qttniily. lorm.
\ltttpc. ngc. lL'\IlIIt.'. tuslc. smcil.
ttppcntnncc. illltl cluttly ttom bull to
litlll.

r:

 

Sim-YehPirgLCom sis is g:

 

Students may have noticiedis
Yeh and his talents roaming
about their dining room. measuring
chicken bones and noticing what
color the bread turns when they
dropped ccrtnin chemicals on it. l’irg
tins :thc to ohtoitt a carbon-l4
tinting proccssingmuchinc to deter-
mine how long ccrtnin desserts had
been on the sitclyes.

Wntcrbury‘s dining hall. Pirg dis-
covered. gttvc tilt average of.24
st rttnds of spttghctti averaging 8.9 in-

cltcs cnclt wltilc Dutch Quad dining ’

rooltt gntc l3 strnttds averaging 7.5
inches! Sun-Ych did say that the
strunds on Iltttch had a greater
diumctcr; ttcithcr. Itowevcrrwere as
fut us the ones on Static. The study
also showed that Colonial and
lltuhnchct‘ uvcrugcd MKS rnt hairs
pcr "Mr. Albany Student" normnl
mettl. while the newer Ind inn uverng-
cd just ttttdcr a thousand. ~"”“““'

lit the future. I’irg nttd his
tcscatrchcrs pltm to compute toilet
paper tcxtnrcsnbout thccumpuamtd
surtcy ihc ittlu'tttttt'ics. bookstores
illlll gyms :tt SUVYA. the toilet
j‘iil‘l'lc‘li', surtcy1 is already rolling: :t
(‘otttptttcr llth helped them establish
ll\&: categories: Splintcring. Still.
iltilttntiittt. T‘ush illltl Loose.

' ‘11 unit rl‘: . .
l' 'u  __Lo ttt\csttgutc thc
_ i .' rijutmn pricc sur-
tcy: Esﬁg  wont to try to
reduce-these'nbstird tlurty-to-cigitty
pcr ccttt markups that mme dcnlcrs
sccltt to think are reasonable." In-
dccd. ttmt'kllps‘ ol us ntttclt'nsu'liltt',
htttc been reported.

I'trg tlttl not comment on the
rumors tItut he and his assistants
world be computing gtnlliti. lt hu~
been sand that Stixt A guilt in is Tc.“
interesting. shorter. tutti simply an‘
common lilill that ol otltct \utcrtctut

 
   

 
 
 

 

  

 

tittt‘ t'l'slltcs.

Coun teract Buys Waverly Place

by 'l he Wily

lIt u I'tu'c departure from usual
proccdurc. SA (.‘otttrollcr llob
Countcrztct fro/c tltc ctttirc SA
budget. and ditcrtcd it to thc
pltl'cltttsc oi Waverly Place.
('ountcrnct. who is presently
rcsulutg in Waucrly Place. and scr-
\tng il.\ cttrctukcr lot' at weekly sulnry
oi ‘tltltl plus rcttt. \\’llh heard to

_rctttttrk that he was “just tt romutt-

tic."

 

    

 

N‘” 0",“ "'4‘ Minstrel realities. but his own ram-to
tire. is part ot‘our
' l'ild‘ l.

Ihis ttctiott comes in thc
rcttwukctting ol the two-year
presidency of MICIlilt‘l Armpit. At'ttt-
pit. lrustrntcd by his inability to
build vnst cdiliccs itt the manner ol
Iortncr (io\crttor Nillson
Rockctcilct'. \vhcn delcntcd itt his
ttttcmpt to cottycrl lltc (iym ittto n
l‘tcltl House and comctt the tennis
courts tttto c.\icttdcd grundstuttds.
dcctdcd to llllil Itiscucrgics to lhcttv-
quisition ot nlt'cndy constructed

    
     
 

NEWS PAGE THE THIRD

buildings.

(tucc again. he “in thuurtcd in his
attempts to buy the old I) ck II
Ilntlding donmoutt. but tell some
stittsluctiou in pctsuudittg his Iricttd.
| rnic. to iitlll Illiti property to the
nircutiy lurgc Static Uttitctsity ol
\ctt York.

Sources ill H A that \tctcuttitc high
predicted the looting o! S.\ oiliccs
Irottt the Campus ('cntct to \\n\ct|y
I'Iucc. "ihnt uny." the source
mumbled. "they could belitst on line
\\ Itctt they sell the tickets to tltc llob
ltyhut concert ttc\| mouth." Iicihcn
looked terribly ttpscl tilltl mid lllill ll
\\;t\ n secret and olict'cd this tt'porict
l\\tt ttvkvls lo kccp \ilL'ill on llttx.
l/tn rtytot'tt’t‘ ttut‘t't'tl.

\\ tilt lltc dcpurtutc ol the Student
Aasttt‘ldlitttt ltont 1hr Campus

it'cntci. it Is c\pcctcd that the
Album \tndcttt l‘tcss \\ll| motciuto
tootn .Ntt. turttttng rooms 113 uttd
lib. kccpmg rooms .U-l its the West
\\'tug lltnuch. \\'.SU.-\ “ill get 333
tllttl U-t nouid go to the Inter-
national Students :\.\\ttclillitlil.

()I Cttttt‘sc. operation nithottt till)
tuottcy \klll cull lot austerity
Itlcnsttt'cs on the port of the various
SA groups.

the Hunting Club is selling its
boot. and btlyiug a poster of the
(‘urrtbbeunt tltc Skydiving Club will
tune skygnting sessions iii the for-
tool gardens; WSUA will retrie\e all
used cons and string from the S UNY
pcnch cartons discarded by HM
tctcntuully any suite will be able to
hook in. in mono or stercoluutd the
Albany Student Press will continue
operations on a special ingenious
buffer fund created by Jeff Rogers itt
W72.

  
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
 
 
  
   
   
  

   
   
    
    
     
   
 

 
   
 
    
  

l
t
t

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

  
   

