Wm‘ﬁbo‘av—VL.N.J,. AWWHH _ _ , «ncwﬁu    u

   

PAGE 2

Less Talk, More Action!

We have not made it customary to answer Letters to
the Editor in the same issue, but this week we feel that
an answer to the letter submitted by “a group of indignant
members of student government” is necessary. These peo-
ple seemed to be concerned with our suggestion of project-
ing themselves into the future and anticipating some of
the complex problems and critical situations that may
arise in the next few years. Our definition of a complex
problem is one that requires research and cannot be solved
in a week or even a month. A critical situation is any
problem that may arise when the decision concerning the
location of our campus is released.

We believe that Senate should not wait for students
to bring problems to them, rather Senate should be able
to anticipate some problems that may arise in the future.

Student Senate is presently bogged down with the
laborious and unnecessary task of rehashing difficulties
that have already been discussed and acted upon in com-
mittees Inadequate committee reports have constantly
held Senate by the reins, using up “precious” time that
could easily be used to investigate some of our present com-
plex problems.

We are newspaper people and only indirectly con-
cerned with student government, however in order to save
our legislators their much needed “time”, so that they may
adjourn at 8:00 instead of 8:30. we suggest they clip out
the following “complex problems" so that they may bring
these problems up for Senatorial consideration.

1 ) Investigation of a new method of student represen—
tation. This was a leading campaign issue which
apparently was idle talk and nothing more.

2) Increased activity in the field of culture.

3) Deﬁnite action concerning Camp Dippikill.

4) The study of May to May elections vs. January to
January as recommended by the last Senate.

5) A written policy concerning the use of surplus
grants and other financial matters.

6) The investigation of our present insurance prob-
lems and the need for more coverage.

7) More effective and wider spread communications.

8) Re—check reports concerning health facilities.

These problems are but a few of a much larger list
that the editors of the News would be happy to submit to
Senate if we thought that any investigation would be forth
coming. At present Senate is meeting twice a week for ap—
proximately an hour and a half per meeting.

We can remember when Senators had enough ambi-
tion to meet for four hours in one night. When Senate
decides to let its committees do the work so that the entire
body can pursue some of the more complex problems that
are facing S.A., then and only then will these “new
horizons“, that we were talking about. be achieved.

This letter to the editor maintains that the News
has hindered the operation of student government with
“cutting, exaggerated remarks". For the past semester
we have been very careful to pursue a policy of construc-
tive criticism or no critcism at all. If the authors of this
letter would care to take the time, we would gladly show
them our files and they can see for themselves. However
there is no point in making any suggestions when the
results that are produced are not action by the Senate, but
rather indignant letters. by members of student govern-
ment, telling us in essence to mind our business.

The Editors

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY l916

BY THE CLASS OF IQIB

 

Sct'ond I’liice ACP
April 29 1960 No. 13

First Place CSPA
Vol. XLIV

Menth of the Nl-YWH staff may be reached 'lrrcsdti'. illitl .k‘rtmc titv from I to 11
I’hotrt-r. l..bou- IV Boil} ti-Iri.i: it [FM il-(l'fn'i

 

 

pm at V 2-3712!) cx'ci...on ll
chillilizcr IV ’Jeflflilll liabilllo IV 9-9834

'l‘he underarm irate i.(‘.'J.5pnpt'r of State [Ilil'd‘l'hilY ('oiit-gv- tf l‘itl'i titot i' '\lll‘til)'.
published t-u-r‘,‘ l“rltlli)‘ of (Le Collch year by tho NI'W‘ lit-.trif in m.- supp.”
Associaton

NEWS ISUAILI)

BARBARA IiIBOUB l’llll'l‘tilt IN (.‘lIlEl’
ROBERT OEIBHAILIYI' Mnuaglng Editor
PATRICIA LAISAIJIU ‘\ 1: .(Ic I'ltlltur
ELAINE ICOMA'I'UWHKI I"I-ttt rte I'lrlllot
DANIEL LABEILIJZ . . Sports Editor
IiAItIiAILA WIlu‘NINtilulf I’ll‘lill‘h‘ A'lll‘l'l» hi: l'itirtot

Circulation and Exrhangc I‘ltlltnr
l'tllllJ Itn'ttrot.~. liddur

VALERIE YU’LE
EDWAltli MANGI‘LIhI it tit l"

  

JAMP‘J-l l)()ll(illl"lt'l'r' ('(,ii llltlll' :l oi lr' 'III
ELIZABETH SI’I'INIIrIIt It‘xcctriixc l‘ldlltil
MONICA 'I‘ItAHKIl-‘i Ext-t utlu- l‘Itf.lOf
DAVID l"l‘.‘liIJMAN (ion-wiltiit. l‘l .r' Ill‘ lattitor
JANE GRAHAM Consultant lltl’ll.’  I'Cdltor
JUIIN MUDIJI‘lIt Consultant Hpot' l‘.(llllil
H’I'Al"l'

.Iaitics ll.ctrr.cr 'Ilto.tt.i. ‘.' it!» c ltv t.t- W V’l'I Horn. M I. t‘lr Am Hm tit “AP-Jill
rcndlt I: William l'. (I .r-triir t' rto. Mint/HI l..r. la Initiallc I'deriiti \l tion tsdori

All l'dltllllliillltii'.lifit  .. ‘ irt~ itlltlil  ti to the editor anti o r.t tic  .cd l‘lJllIl“
will in: withheld on It t‘ rcst lnt- H'I‘A’I'lu' (TULIJ‘XiE NEW-‘5 an, NIH“. 1.!) rpon lbfllt\

for (rpdiiuns (:xprc-s‘d it. .t'. columns or tortrrnunlrznifons, as .rcrt i'Alilt‘unlIllh‘) do not

necessarily reflect its view-

13%! H

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL

Fragments

By THE DETONATOR

EN PASSANT: So long to Grant
House and Jackson House. It is with
sad and empty heart that I view the
passing of these two noteworthy
campus landmarks. Don‘t cry girls,
only four weeks until the end of the
semester. (Fess up Honey. twenty-
four hours is plenty of notice for you
to be packed and moved into Bru.)
. . . See where one of State's law-
breaking swains made for some
rather prominent sports headlines—
think the reason might be the com-
pany he keeps? . . . Supervisors—
Oops! Your pink slips weren‘t show-
ing! . . . I give up! Is the campus
going to be moved or isn't it? . . .
I.F.G. scores again! BAD DAY AT
“LACK ROCK. with Spencer Tracy
and Lee Marvin. top ﬂic. don't miss
' .. . . . How about a progress report
from the radio station group, what‘s
doing guys? . . . Roses to the base-
ball team. knocked off Siena. . . .
Our own Western Avenue lawn is
enough to make even the greenest
"green thumb" greener with envy.
. . . it‘s a. shame that more of us
don't. pay more attention to the sci-
ence exhibits placed in Husted. . . .
Another formal weekend is here.
“Remember who you are. and . . 
What say we push this “Greek Day"
bit? Sounds like it. might be a good
time. . . Passed Dorm Field the
other afternoon. saw a few of State's
heartier coeds wallowing in the sun.
, . , How many of you knew. that a
few weeks ago a State man appeared
in LIFE magazine as the MARL-
BORO man? . . . Princess Margaret's
total wedding expense will be in the
neighborhood of $182000. When Lia
was married in 1947. the Crown
spent only $16,800. But. then of
course. as chief consumer of thc
L'st leading export (money: John
Bull is in just the right position to
throw a big blast for Meg and Tony
and the gang. . . .

€0mmum’oaﬁawi

To the Editor:

—.

 

 

In regard to your lust week's edi-
iorial. "Beyond the Horizon." we
have a few questions. comments and
criticisms to make.

You spcttk of “coiriplcx problems“
and “critical situations." How do
you define these terms? It secmcd
\cry apropos that the same day that
tile paper came out. we had five

Cuban students visiting us here.
’l‘hcy wcrc very intercsttxl in ottr
student government; wc. too. wet'c

intcrcstcd in theirs especially after
the discussion informed us that. they
i‘c'ciilly hrtd l1cl(l a trial for some
of their teachers and had had them
ousted from the university. Perhaps
this is the type of “complex prob-
ictn" that Senate and student gov-
crnmcut should dcal with?

You said that "if a situation
doesn‘t become. critical. student. gov-
crnment (particularly Senator dot-s-
n't worry about it." I hope you.
as well as the students who bother-
cd t'cridiiig that 'cditoriul" ('21. it"
alt/.c that an). snattcr can bc brought.
bcforc Senate by ant mcrnbcr oi
the student body What we are (to-
lng is not only "critical" and neces-
«-ary. btit time-ctinsunung lf Senate
wcrc to spend time to hunt. out
"comle problems“ (‘91, t h c r c
wouldn't. be time to handlc "critical
situations." I’crhrrps whot-vcr wrote
that editorial cotrld write otit a carc~
ful list. of “t‘ollljllt’x problems" that
Senate is ignoring so wc could lit-t
to work on them th arc prcserith
litt\lli‘,:. two meetings .t wct-k. but i'm
sill‘t' we could fit. m an cxli'ii on:- if
thc li:t demands immcdiatc :it'lloiil

Or better yet, the pct'son who
wrote "Beyond the lIoi‘i/.(iii" might
bcttcr spend his timc “shooting
down“ the budgetary irritant/rations
thcrttclvcs for Scimtc's work is
trtadc ten times more difficult, due
to thc lack of (wt-operation rccctvcd
from ccr‘tain ol thcsc groups

Htudcnt tgtrtt-tttirtcttt is j‘il‘iilL: ihc
Illiil‘ and l‘lli‘l'iil "to t‘cach truly 'ncw
Iioti/ons'” howcvcr'. wc arc lilil(l-
crctl because pcoplc are afraid to of—
fcr thctr scrutcs utter Lhcy rcad
(uitmc. csatpu-rtttctl i'cnini'ks about
our opcrrtirons written by pcoplc,
half oi whom have not. even attend—
cd a recent Senate mot-ting.

A group of lndlgnant members
of Student Government.

1960

29.

 

 

 

I don't mind the parties. but the volunteer ﬁremen are going to

drown me.

 

‘ Gammon-glam

ﬂy [YONOFRIU and .lr\l)l('K

     

“There is no fire withoiii some smoke."—.lohn Heywood

F.r\.\'.-\Tl(‘:\L PIIANTOMS

Dedication at Waterbury |\thlt(‘l'l)lll‘_\".’| Hall started ofT in fine styli-
Who says we don't have good relations with the community? The Albany
Fire Department showed up in ftill force. (By the way. where wcrc yoll?’
May bc what we nccd lit the dorms arc sprinkling systcnis to drcnch thc
ltttlc lcprcchruins who're sctting off all the commotion. You‘re getting ll
new name for yourself. men of new dorm. and it isn't Waterbury

INTI-IR—('()I.I.li(iIC VAN SERVICE

There you wcrcwsitting in your room Wednesday; Apt-t] 2'7_ “fir-r
supper. organizing the footnotes on your term paper. A knock came on
thc door. and a form appeared in the doorway. A tall man stood thci'c
.t tall man with :t moustache and it pipe clcnchcd firmly in his teeth
llc cittcrcd. and without a word hc strode over to your desk and picked
up your typtwvriter? Bit by bit. hc and his ilSl‘lSlHllL.\. who had (-ntct'cd
notsclcssly. rcmovcd thc rest of your belongings from your room You
sat alonc. Lillil'lilLl ficrccly otit of the window. ’l‘lrosc ~oroit.v girls sili'c
were lucky thcy didn't have to move trl‘l until April 28. l

Seriously. girls. we hopc you like the bi: dorms. Maybe _\ou'i'c luck\
you didn't get group house representation!

REMEMBER 'i‘lil-Z ALMA MATl-JR (Sigh!)

It's been a tricd and proven fact around hcrc that. the actions or
individuals at State reflect upon the whole .~.clrool. Incidents of the past
wcckciid. ll\ amusing and trite .is they may :(ciii to sortie around here.
are morc scrious to indtvduals who ltvc outside the unreal situation of
"college life"!

EXTRA—MIS(‘lCLI.r\NlC()I'S

Stop .-.wctrtin:, Ht‘liltll'n it was announced in Senior Meeting twhcri-
wcrc youth that dorm Ilt'ltl will bloom again! Well have grass by .lttnc
I)on't throw iii the towels Yt-l. ILIIY.\. There are two itiorc to-go

Clicck thc  studt'iit mailbox. ’l'licrc's (Ill inicrcstmg t-xposc tllt'l't'lll
on Education ('(rlli'>t'.‘~ IAnd w‘c'i'c all intcrcstcd in thcm. :ti'cn't wc‘w
‘l‘hc wholc lllllli.’ sounds as if it was writtcn by sortie dis:.:t'tiiiilcd Hoph~
ornorc who had just hccn disillusioned by his first It'd 131 obscrvzttloii

Student tcachcrs oi next vi-ztr. bcwarc! You mav not. bc wondcritit:
about the (lifl‘cr'cncc betwccn A. II. and (7. but about the finc liiic to bc
drown between H and l' ’I'hct'c's onc lc>s mark to ~wat thcrc. though

chatc strikes again When (to iftcj.‘ (-vcr wc c\t- to 1 ye with thc papcr?
'.' thn l tltc l'rirner ('lliiillll.‘ out'.’

Co//ege Calendar

FRIDAY. .U’RII. 13!]

T fill 11 ill

 

 

l1 .\' A 'l‘rvouts III I) lift) for The Iceman ('otmncth.
ll"(i. Bail Ila) at Black ltock III Page ll.tll
.i m Psi (lamina ltll‘llliil :rt. Crookcd lakc
l’lil Ilt'ltii lttform.tl Party at. Wcst Albany l'.tlt.tn llcncvolt-ttt

it :t I]! —l
S! Utl jlill

Ass'n (‘Iubhou (-
!! fit) pin (Ltrriino Kuppa l’hr l)illl‘ Party at VFW llflll tit .‘llt‘titttitl
si'l'l'llIL-H'. .-\l’llll. 30
l on prrt (‘hi Sigma 'l'hctu .-\Iumtn l.unchcon at in k ;.
Lf-i pin l’hi l)clt.t .I;r//. (‘onccrt .it llousc
lf—l .i liI l’:i (lanmm Iniornml Party at l“ot‘t (it'unzti
!l~l :rm l’hr l)clt.r Format of the Airport. lint
Sigma Phi Sprint formal ut ('rookcd Lake
(latrittta Kappa l’hi formal at ltrrplicl's.
SI'NDJY. MAY I
1 (it) pitt Hototrtt formal \‘l.’c(-|(cttd l’it-rtrx. at ’l'lt.ttclt(-t' l'.tr'I-:

it (it) ptri Mu Lambda Alpha cvcnmt' .rt lir'ubachcr llall
MONDAY. MAY 71

if fill piii lit i.t [I'll t'ollci' llolti‘ Itri’ Kirppzt lll‘lll
'I'I I‘ISIIAY, MAY i:

’t‘lto pm ()r'al lnIr-tptt t.rti tn, l).'f~l!i
WI'.I)Nl-IHI).\Y. MAY I

IV“, The Mad Queen. l).'f~il).
[SC Mct'tim! itr lh'ubachcr llall

'I'Ill'ltril).\l’, MAY 5

7.30 p In llt‘tl. ’l'hc. (‘ourt of St. Iifmo, D340
8:00 prrr Music (.‘outrcil Spring (.‘oncci't. View Hall

'I flu p l]!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 29. 1960

PAGE 3

 

Senate:

Budgets Topic of Senate Meetings This Week

This week Senate had two rigo-
rous meetings concerned with bud-
gets. Every organization on Cain-
pus requesting money from Student.
Assocrution mttst present a budget
explaining its program and how
much it will cost thetn to put it into
effect. A Senate Committee re-
vrews this budget. approves it and

meeting of Senate to answer any
questions.

Where was the Debate Council
Representative when their budget
was being reviewed? This budget
was frozen. and only then did De-
bate Council worry enough to send
a member to Senate. On the other
hand. how far In advance were the

fore the Senators were at a loss for
qualified explanations. so they pass-
ed the budget anyway and sent ft
on to Senate for approval. Ah. ef-
ficlency.

Primer will come out a week be-
fore exams. Their budget was
frozen until a qualified member of
the Staff could come before Senate.

 

people from all the organizations

n U“ 1,) Mary Ann Calderone is the new
0 Cf.

Rivalry Chairman for next year.
She will head the Rivalry Commit-
tee and be mistress of ceremonies
at Campus Night.

sends it on to the Senate floor for
line by line approval. A represen-
tative from each organization re- When Press Bureau budget was
questing money must appear at the sent to committee no one showed
committee meeting and the regular up to explain its budget There-

 

Columbus discovers the
Winston Hemisphere

 

 

UP FRONT THAT
COUTS !

 

 

“Flavor, Ho!” The Admiral Shoutcd
As He SightcletLTER-BLEND]

 

From the Captain's Log. . . \Vfllsftlfi' It is tltc only (igarcttc

One Day Out. \Vciglttd .ttttltot‘

filict'

with .i rrrodct‘n Iiltcr /)///l l'llIL‘l“
lilcnd Iltli goldcn tolmttos not
only ‘/’ti/.///l tr/t./t./, lilll .tlsti
t/rttm/ﬂ /'I//ii llti/ for filter smok—

.tttd sci sail iii \L’dltll of .l

tlt',.II'LIlL' t|i.tt t'c.rlly tisns like .i

Llll§.ll't‘ll(‘. (rcw thinks this is wild

in}; (IL\\ now thinks this is .1

grant (lidst’.

One Week Out. ll.i\c sighted

many filtct' (igat‘cttcs and smoked

plcaxiuc (f’tirsc.

One Year Out. (text has muti—
nit-d. Rclttscs to go lurk to the Old

mlllll'. (.r‘cw still thinks ilit‘ world ., .. .
\\ otld Inon \\'itr~.ton llcnnsplicrc).

is ll.tl.

One Month Out.
New World of smoking pleasure:

I .tgt‘cc. 'l‘licrclot'c l .ttn founding .i

Discovered colony tallcd liilicrrlilcnd. (-olony's

motto will lie:
Winston tastes g00d...likc a cigarette should!

it I lillliUIll‘i quAtttI LU Winston MAH'M it C.

 

 

 

 

I got it straight from the horse's
mouth . . . The Italian Straw Hat
is delicious! 'Dropped in at its first
run-tlirough last Tuesday and have
but one comment: the show will un-
doubtedly surpass any other farce
ever witnessed at State College.
Danny Labeille wags his iuonoele
and shifts his snuff like a profes-
sional (which I‘m sure he's not).
Joyce Stevens is absolutely delight-
fill. and Bob Steinhauer can sing
too! The music is the only part of
the show that isn't a farce. for. as
usual. George Harris has out-done
himself.

I'd hate to write ill) entire para-
graph without one sarcastic C0lll-

mcnt. btit "credit where credit ls
due" is one axiom in which I be-
lieve. So as soon as the dancers

manage to keep in step. and as soon
as Danny remembers his litres. Dr.
Pettit and his side-kick. Hasse. can
be assured of a box-office sell-out.

As long as I'm on the subject of
i'arccs. what about. the latest College
catalogue? Why is it that just about
every course that sounds as If it
might be interesting and enjoyable
is hibclcd “Not offered in 1960-61"?

And then there's that meeting
tonccrninu Student Teaching that

 

 

 

' 0 t
,2.
i l l.-
. u
0‘ c
II
I' I
2-.» .

Three-month course leads to a
commission as a Second Lieuten-
unt. lfyott :rrc graduating tlns .lutlt',
you Illit) ltc eligible for :tdmrssion to
the rich Air l“l)l'Lt' ()ilit'ct' 'l'r'aiiiing
Siltool. Sint’cssiul completion of tlic
Ilil‘(.‘t‘-lll(ill[ll cotrrsc With you .t (om-
imssion. and a head start on .’I bright,
rewarding iututc iii the Aerospace
Agc.

'l'lic Siltool is opcn to men and
womcn tollcgc graduatr» wiili ('cr-
[lllll ictlmologit .tl and .rtltttinistriitiic
skills. ll \ou :trc \t'll‘tll'll tor the
Stliool, )(in \\lll I(‘\t‘l\(‘ Stall Scr-
gcant pay wlnlc .t ll.ilfi('('. (iriitlll-
:ttctl otlitcrs In.r\ l.ttct .tppl) for ad-
wintctl training .tlltl grittluatc study
at goycttitncnt l‘\llt'll\(‘. \lalc olli-
if‘f\ may .tlso apply for flight trttlll-
mg .l\ pilots or Ilil\‘|L'.it(il\.

lot the t;trccr=ittititlctl young oili-
(‘cr ilic .‘lir l‘iort’c \Vil) of life (an lit‘
>Illliilliillllj1.i‘\i’|lillu :tud full of
III(‘.lfllIlij. llc w ill lit' wrung liimscll.
lit» i.tt:nly and lit». Ililllllll. 'l‘liis is [lit'
.‘\t‘l!l\[l.lti' Agc. It is if time wltcn .i
t.tlt‘('l’ III .-\rr‘ l' ortc lllllt‘ It.“ \ti ninth
to oth-r the young Illlili or woman
\\ll|l ijll.il|llt‘\.

ll li(‘ .\ti l'lllit' ts \t‘t‘lilllL' oult .t
sclctt group of (ollcgc graduaics l|il
admission irtto ()ttttct 'l raining
Siliool. llowmcr. \\("|l ltc lt.tppy to
sctld tlt‘lilllt‘tl Illlttllll.ll|(rll to illl)’
sl‘lllllf who is inicrcstcd. lint w ritc:
(lllircr 'l‘fiilllllli.’ School llllrrflllrf~
tion, llcpt. St'lill, llo\ 7008,
\Yaslritigion 4. l).(.‘.

There’s a place for tomorrow's

leaders on the
L; o S 0

Air Force

74a 

By ELAINE ROMATOWSKI

was held In Brubacher last week.
Even i had known about the new
pink slips. What‘s the matter,
doesn't the right hand know what
the left is doing?

I have also been gathering
opinions about this meeting from
various students who attended. and
tnost of these students seem to agree
that the supervisors who had the
interest to be present and partake
iii the discussion were not the ones
who practice the Inconsistencies of
which these students were com-
plaining.

Fairness is a quality difficult to
attain in grading when a subjec-
tive opinion Is the only basis for
judgment and marking. As long as
this must be the case. at least two
subjective opinions are better than
oitc. especially if one is that of the
cooperating teacher, who has more
of an opportunity to observe a stu-
dent teacher's ability under normal
teaching conditions. (Enough said

before I find myself with a
"D" or a "U" in Practice Teach-

mg:
Since this is Spring. and since
I've already given space to the

DAEA production. I may as well plug
the Spring Concert too. We have.
I've been told. an excellent music
department which wants to do a
littlc showing off. So turn off your
Hi-f'i set for a few hours and come
over and enjoy an evening of free.
well-planned. and well-rehearsed
music.

Just in passing . . I hear that
a water-logged Wellington is frown-
ing upon non-collegians who ever—
estimate the limit of good. clean,
collegiate fun. Some of us forgot
who We were . . . !

For the information of the Deto-
nator. this Prism is a very indivi-
dualistic one and will reflect if it
feels like reflecting!

lFG Features
Western Film

Toniqu at 7:30 pm. in Page Hall,
the International Film Group pre-
sents Bad Day at Black Rock, a 1955
M-G-M color film in Cinemascope
with Spencer Tracy, Robert Ryan.
Armc Francis, Ernest Borgnine.
Walter Brennan John Ericson. Dean
Jagger and Lee Marvin.

In Bad Day at Black Rock, a
stranger drops off a strcaunlincr at
.l California desert whistle stop. The
local character's view him with sus—
picion and treat hitn with cruel hos-
tility. 'l‘hcy'i'e not accustomed to
strangers iii this lone. flea-bitten
town The strcarnliticr hasn‘t stop-
ped in four years and apparently
few people ever pass through.

The stranger is interested III a
I‘t‘l'ltllll .Ittpiriicsc Iiil'IIlL‘l' who they
tell him lci'i town ;r few years back.
He wonders why everyone is so hos—
tilc towards him.

Slowly an eerie light begins to
glimmer The Japanch was actual-
i_\ stain, and most of tlic townsmen
were in on it. The stranger, whose
mission is to deliver ‘.i war medal
of .t lli‘l'~r son to the Japanese. comes
to suspect that he is in the midst of
arrogant. murderers.

Iiucrrralrontil Flint Group's film
presentations next week include
The Mad Qut'cn, .t Spanish film. to
bc ‘xlliH‘ll Wednesday Ill Draper 349
.ri 7 iii) pm. and The ('oullt of St.
lilnlo. .ill Italian film, to be shown
'I'iiut;.ti.t_y at 7'30 pin Ill Draper 349

Notice

.\ll freshmen interested in be-
ing chairmen of the various
rivalry events are asked to slgn
up on the freshmen bulletin
bulletin board by Tuesday.

(‘halrmen are needed for the

following events: rivalry skit.
banner hunt. (I c I) it t 0, men's
sports. including softball. vol-

lcjbaii and tug of war, and wu-
men‘s softball, volleyball and
tug of war. Also needed Is a
cimirman i‘or pusliball and
football.

 

