Spying Sports

"Gripe s? — Never !"

 

By DAN LABEILLE

The time has come for all you sport cynics to crawl
back into your little perverted dens of wisJom and cease
all this griping. For two years I have heard grunts and
groans from the pseudo—apathetics concerning schol spirit,
the team, Page Hall, new uniforms, etc. Even though at
times I have done my own share of griping, I am sorry.
I have ﬁnally awakened to the fact that this was a good
year for our hoopsters.

No More Gripes

The unexpected happened last weekend. The Albany
basketball team took third place at the Cortland Tourna‘
ment and ended its regular season play with a 16-8 record.
The Sauersmen progressed surprisingly throughout the
season, and to the surprise of many, there was an amazing
amount of school spirit among the players themselves.

This past week brought about some more good news for
the Feds. A bid to the District 31 NAIA tournament at
Montclair, N. J. was sent to Albany State. They met Mary-
land State last night. If we win both nights we will go to
Kansas City on Monday. This is progress.

=t=  :-:: a: ::=

We often gripe about our cheerleaders and school
spirit. For the information of those who are not aware
of the fact, we had quite a crowd cheering for the team at
Cortland last weekend. Four of out cheerleaders did some
colorful exercises on the floor to lead the crowd in some
original cheers. Joe Zwicklebauer, in a sudden whim of
gung-hoism, became State's ﬁrst mate cheerleader. This
is spirit.
a: ::= 2:: r: =.:

Concerning new uniforms we have also had improve-
ment. The diamondmen will be wearing new outﬁts this
year. We cannot replenish every team with new equipment
all in one year, but this is a start.

ti: ‘alt v1: 2::

Although Page Hall is small, its uniqueness in size has
been a deciding factor in some of this year‘s victories. May—
be the cheering crowd on all four sides of the court scares
the visitors? Whatever the reason this factor proved itself
at the Suffolk game and the Oswego game,

I: n'i ii :'1 z':

I I

Message of the Week S-M—I-L-E
Ped Grapplers Close Season
At Yeshiva After 16-16 Draw

By DICK .»\H()l..\

Varsity wrestling will draw to a close next week as the
Feds make their season ending trek to Yeshiva in New
York City to wrestle a team they have beaten by wide
margins in past years. . .

State drew with a surprising Hobart team last Satur-
day in a fast match that featured
pins by Lou Biosi and Jay Katmi. H T

Biolsi. a con>Lstant winner in re—  
ent atempts. put the. Feds ahead by
a first period pin in his leadofi 123
pound class. It ioked like a State  
win, lll fact, until late in the match
when I'lobai‘t rallied to pull to .i 16- By JOHN M()I)I)lult
' 'i" : . ti - P-ti‘i ti t'li‘ '_
if) this ind hind it t l [‘AHLV EXTHAI mus“) AH-

first tic of the season H H ’
Kat/.el also scored a pit: in his “\m’i” 11' \UH Ho longer iltn“
to travel to (.‘ortiantl, .‘Jontclan'e,

lilo pound chess
I’ause Wins

Ace Dave Pause was held to a
decision against the best man on the
Hobart staff, and this turned out. to
be the end of the scoring for State.

The draw made the var..ity record
one win and seven lomcs to the tie
Hobart 15 stlii \t‘llliirss with it fl-fi-l
lot: Wltil a match left to play

The series with Yeshiva wit. re»
nele this (iilhllii after an inter—
ruption in that) due to scheduling
Itt'tibicmn The New York LL'tlIii had
lost to State, illiw, in their preiloils
tWo encounters.

The match will end a lru.-.trai.tng
sensor for coach Joe Garcia, who
has had to deal With almost. every
type of problem in n rebuilding year,
Freshmen Enter Tourney

John WytoWich and 'l‘ed Dllh'ltli'
cnko, both ii'llhii competitors for
coacn Hob lliii‘liiiuainc, Vi‘ili repre—
sent State iii the fittli animal fresh-
man Wi'f'stiilii; tournament at West
Point today and tomorrow

Wytowicli, fioni ltichfieid Springs.
led the i‘f'tl from with an 8-2 record,
:itillllliilllf,’ 3»! points Dusanenko.
“out New t‘ity, wits runnerup with ‘3!)
.nd a 3—3—1 record

point...

 

oi' Kansas (,‘ity to see .I basketball
tournament.

Now, for tile low in“ price of
nothing. you can witness .l real iiVi
totirnanient in Page (i\‘lil lindci
the auspices of AMIA (fount 11, “ill
.ujitll't'ii no ("let‘llnf' to ili'iiiL’, to you
the bc:.f ba.tkt'ti).iii li‘llliln ill S'i'A'i'IBi.

you hate u totnitanicni The team.
lll tnc tourney, whitli ii'c .iii stair
added in nioii- \I..i\'.~. lilt‘l! one, .iic

dummy [til the grand pit/.c, tin-
ilillltlianitllll‘ih ctip i'iiis tiljl, do»
li.lli'll b. :\.'\Ii.\ ('titllicli .il t.',l‘t':ii
t‘\l“‘il c I'nev il..tl ‘; nuke iii 1.“
~lilf‘ til lill' liloiv‘ t"J\l"'fi )ijlliliil
tio;lin- of its kind in tile ‘.\‘Ili.’l

tin int'  the oiil\ one if 1',

lillitll

So far llll‘ it'lilli‘t ill the toniiti‘.
ii.t‘.t' not. played to ll itlll ii‘llifvi', it
fail they il.l\l' not platttl to tlil\ttlli'
i-Xcepl the it“? Hii'ia who tonn

down to we then iinist'lt- llli‘ll jli.l\
Ito tilii‘li c unis, bitt i \\l:xil inoic
jit‘tijiit' \itiilitl ('Uliil‘ (ltt‘.\li it: her" f'ilt‘
t'illiii“. if for no other lt'.i:»itll tiiaii
to see their iti'lii piii,‘

Why don't you iiiakt- ll .i point
to stop down and see tlnsc games,
played every night in Page (iyin.
ll not for tile baskc'buli, lot the
t.iti.,'li.. non will act

weew

Ugh! I could never get used to
the taste of shoelaces. I sure put
my foot in my mouth when I said
that Mens Hall would take the
Commissioner tournament. The ink
was barely dry on the paper. when
EEP turned Men's best weapons,
speed and bustle. against them to
stop the league champs.

At the end of the first round of
tournament play. eve-3y team of the
first league won. except Men's and
SLS. Now the fireworks ought to
start as The Losers, Goobers. EEP,
Potter. KB. APA, and the Onion-
towners press for the champion-
ship. I may taste the ShOE‘int‘f‘s
attain, but I will say thit the Losers
are my first choice followed by Pot-
fer.

I hear that State's cheering sec—
tion at the Cortland 'I‘ournameni
had about as ~nucli effect as ;
whisper in a whirlwind. Estimate
of the number of Stat! fa its at
Cortland was between forty and fif—
ty. This is not adiiiir.th|e in new
of the support that the other four-
nament teams .‘t‘t't‘lt' (i ironi their
schools. Considering the team's
highly respectable play a whisker
from the championshipi, I believe
that they deserve more support
than they get. State has one more
chance to prov:- that they appre-
ciate the efforts of the team. .‘
little orgaiiimition woull go a lon'.
way in arranging a stllldilii' send—
off and respectable support at the
future NAIA tournament

Hats off to the United HLiilf'ln
iiockcy team. Their victory over the
SoViet team and subsequent gold
medal boosted the iillll’dif‘ of Amer-
ican athletes throughout the coun—
try and the world. It was a grca‘
team victory and a valuable (leni-
onstratlon of spirit to every Ameri-
can.

Question of the Week. Who is the
club-footed ex-soccer captain that
is roaming the halls of the school?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. MARCH 4. 1960

From This Vantage Point:

Tourney

 

Notes 
Bv JIM nouonmrv
State University of New York Invitational Basketball

Tournament — All-Tournament Team Selections:
NAME COLLEGE YEAR IIT. WT.
Don Cohen Albany Jr. 6'5” 215
Ron Davis "‘ Oswego Sr. 6’5” 200
Dick Kraft Brockport Jr. 6’5” 175

Angelo Condie Cortland Jr. 5’11” 160

Jack Potter Plattsburgh Jr. 5’10” 155

 For the second time in three years. Oswego‘s Ron Davis

was named the Most Valuable Player of the State Tourney.
PERSONAL GLIMI’SES

Kim—Cortland . . . ‘58-Oswego . . . '59~~Cortland . . .
ISO—«Oswego . . Will Albany be able to snap this alter-
nation of champions at the close of next season? . . . From
the way Albany and Plattsburgh played Friday night
(against Cortland and ()swcgo respectively), their game
Saturday for third position could just as easily have been
for the championship . . . Albany loses only Denny Johnson
. . . All but starter Ron McGovern will return for Piatts-
burgh . , . Cortiand's Angelo Condie set a school scoring
record against Potsdam by clicking for 36 points including
16 free throws. . . .

FIGHT TEAM FIGHT ‘.".".’

Albany was dumped-on quite often at the tournament
concerning the “pertoi'mance” and dull uniforms of our
cheerleaders . . Plattsburgh and Cortland deﬁnitely had
the best display of checrleading Albany had better
shape-up or ship-out. . . .

NATIONAL FAME AIIEAI)

Until Tuesday the Sauersmen's third place finish at
Cortland was the climax to an outstanding season. Platts—
burgh, however, rejected a bid to the regional NAIA play—
offs. This rejection gave the hoops‘tcrs the chalice to im-
prove on their 16-8 season and possibly land a berth in
the national NAIA ﬁnals next week in Kansas City. The
Saucrsincn are due! They lost out in the regional finals
for the past two years, but this year anything can happen
with these men.

 

 

BOOK SALE

A Selection of New and Damaged
Paper Back and Hard Cover Boo/<5

REDUCED to Low - Low - Low
Prices of 5c and up at the

STATE COLLEGE

CO-OP

ALL

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deadline for Commencement Announcements-March 
CO-OP Specio/ For Month Of March On/y.

5x7 Color En/orgemem‘s
From Any Co/or Fi/m

Regular $.98

 

Only 39c

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. MARCH 4. 1960

PAGE 5

 

State Overpowers Piattsburgh for Third Place Finis

After

_. ,tx

    

Newly selected (li-f‘illllilillt for ntxt \ear. lioucn and ('oheii display
grins and trophies before ieiiiing for the \.\I.\ 'l'ournament.

 

W A A :

Bru 1 First League Champs

By no [VI-INDICK

Victorious Bru l whipped Beta Zeta by a score of 22-14
in the last scheduled game of the League 1 season. 13m 1
now stands as the team with the highest number of points
and will battle for first place against Phi Delta, League II
champions. Pierce Hall ran neck to neck with Phi Delta in
point ratings resulting in a tie between the two teams for
first place in League 11. However. i’ict'cc was defeated by
its opponent Tuesday night. 26-18. The basketball trophy
will be awarded to the triumphant team.

Pin-Ups!

WAA pin-ups! On display. .
isn't that your sorority sistcr‘
almost perceive the movement
Varsity Cheerleaders:

’l‘hc Varsity t'ilt't'l‘it-lltii‘l's, who traveled to Cortland
last weekend, wish to thank all concerned for making

State's showing in the tournament

.i «In ccss ll'ttlll iilt‘ bleachers .1.» well
.t on the courts.

. lit, i“f‘ii(li('l{, l"r.inl; i’.l\ilL‘,.l .lulie
_ Hteinei .ind (iJii ()sborn lcii Ai-
lmnxl. tattlitui loilowcis ii; the

the bulletin board. Say.
What form! You could
What technique.

 

ti itiiiltlilJE  hottl t'llt‘l'lt i’l'tH'lllL',
V ‘ the point that "goal t.inn;.v ionic lll
Coriici' UNIARI" it‘t‘i “LINbUN .mui li.itli.t;',t"- :\lb.iii\'s supporters,
. — th t'l it tn.ili nt i.tinibci wci'e :.'i'oiic
_ ')- ‘
DIAL ‘1 H") .i win .lilti loud in \ttit‘l'

.\li the twin. hell-.tlniicis \H‘l't'

 

 

 

GREENHOUSE

(‘oiicge Florist for Years

lf's a/ways

fair wealher~
when good

friends get together

AT
THE

SNAGK BAR

 

 

 

 d no mt- .\.liii\ ill (‘vtl'iiliiti Sjii‘t'ldi
an fill't‘l ‘.\i :i iii‘,iltl tti liIi' \\ iy' il'tllll

.\i|i.tn., .zt 'ltt |.\\ .tii'tw »1 West:
till i iizon llil molt thoughts tcic-
,i.ij)iit it it. \.Ii.tt'l» ,ltitljis oli millili-
ti. at It‘ \'l. illtitli .ij)jilt'-'l.tlt‘(i by
'ill' :4 tttt l vil'f'il

Movie Schedule

 

~tfrand: tin llif lat-.cii

l'dittt'i': Audion; I w Macon-t

“Ill. . .win if. illti  ill

iil'i.i\\,il'c; .r,tlt.l~

\i.llil‘»tll| i t it: too not i‘iic
\‘. lilt'ttltl. ('ttliilli'V
Notice

\lll\ i» uupei'tisini; .i \olleys
bail ltlIIl'lI.|.‘iIi'lll \\i|illi \\i|l lie—
inn \Ioiidm tiarth ii. iii Page
(lyni. \iiy min» group is eligL
blc to form A team 'Iiaiiia are
.l'xiH'li to sign up before Weil-
ncsilai and submit ll‘illli rosters
lo \It-rle '\lilii-r bl, ll) that
date. .\ schedule of clinics to
be pfiised will be posted on the
\\ll.\ bulletin board Il(‘\l I"i'i—
day.

Dropping On Pointer to Cortland in Semifina

Don Cohen Leads State With 72 Points
Named to All-Tournament Team Position

By GEORGE "URLBUR'I‘

State fans gave Denny Johnson a standing ovation at Cortland Saturday night

as a ﬁtting tribute for the role he played in bringing his

team from a mediocre early

season record to a seven game win streak and third place in the Fourth Annual State

University Tournament at Cortland.

The Feds ﬁnished third for the second consecutive year by defeating Plattsburg
63-53 before an overflow crowd as Don Cohen led the attack with 32 points.

Midway in the ﬁrst half, State scorei ten consccutive points to overcome a 23-17
Cardinal lead and from that point never trailed. leading 35-26 at half-time.

Coach Dick Sauers elected to play a deliberate game the second half, building up

a 51—39 third quarter lead and with six minutes remaining
rest of the way With substitutes ﬁnishing the game.

led 58-45. State coasted the

Two other State players hit for twin ﬁgures. with Tonawanda boy John Wallace
connecting for 11, while captain Johnson contributed ltl. Cohen dominated the boards,
hauling in 17 rebounds, while Bob Dzikowicz snared six. Dzikow1cz, also a baseball play—

ei‘. is l.ltiiii Amsterdam.

The Feds shot 51 per cent, clicking ori 24 of 47 attempts. from the ﬁeld and an

even 5ft percent (15 for 30) from the charity line.
Drop One Pointer

. The Stage had been set for the Plattsburgh test the night before when the Albanv
(joint dropped a 52-51 heartbreaker to Cortland in a game that Sauers claimed “could

have been won by ten had it been on another court."

The Fed mentor had reference to the ofﬁciating, commenting that he didn't get
much of a break from the ref'erees—particularly for Cohen in the ﬁrst half.

Nip and Tuck

Cortland could manage only a slim lead the ﬁrst half, and saw a eleven point

bulge evaporate in the face of a furious Ped rally in the
closing minutes. The Red Dragons‘ biggest margin came at
the 30 minute mark when they led 42-31.

The spectacular Peds splurge, that fell short by one
point, was paced by Cohen's ten points and a ﬁeld goal with
28 seconds remaining by Rog Casey.

Casey tallied the last two counters of the game on long
one handers that brought fans to their feet and Cortland
Coach Pete Corey's eyes to the clock.

Cortland almost literally threw away the game at that
point, throwing the ball out of bounds to give State posses-
sion with 18 seconds to go.

State. which had been using a full court press, played
for the shot that would win the game, but time ran out
as Casey‘s shot bounced off the rim at the four second
mark.

The thriller ended as the teams scrambled for the ball
under the Albany basket. Cortland controlled the result-
ing tap.

High man for the night was Cohen with 18, but the
hero of defensive play would have to be either Dzikowicz
or Sherwin Bchn, who teamed to hold Coi‘tland‘s Angelo
Condic to 14 points. He had tallied 36 the night before in
opening round action against Potsdam.

'l‘hc encounter was the second for the teams this sea-
son, with Cortland coming out ahead. (35-57, in regular
season play earlier in the year.

Top Teams Win

()pening night action went true to form as all four
top seeded teams won their games. Albany handily beat
N. Y . Maritime. 70-40, in a game that was neyer close as
(‘olicn again dominated the scoring with 22 points. The
fall junior grabbed l4 rebounds to share honors with
Wallace.

Cohen broke the scoring ice With a field goal to put
the i’cds ahead, as State enjoyed a 1-1-7 first quarter ad
vantage. 'l‘lic halftime margin was 33-17.

[leading in the third period by a 49-25 margin, Sauers
gave his substitutes a taste of action for the remainder of
the game.

The game keynoted lilc tourney as Bchn hit on all
four of his free throw attempts to start a string that was
not broken until the second half of the final game
Like A Team

The tournament action left, Sauers pleased with thc
team sliowuig. Cohen's position on the all tournament
team was a feather in his cap, also, and most important the
coach was happy over his squad‘s teamwork. “We looked
like a team out there,“ he remarked, "not a bunch of lll‘
dividnals. We‘ve come a long way in our last. ten games."

The l’eds had come a long way. In their last nine
games, State held the opposition to 57 points per game,
the tourney average was 48.3 points per game, attributed
by Sauers to progress in defensive work more than to the
use of a ball control type of game.

It was a different team on the floor Saturday night
from the one that took the floor December 5 to beat Pace,
and a fine working demonstration of what can be wrought
in a season of close-knit work to gether under the coaching
of Sauers.

Ped Hurlers
Now In Action

An eagerly awaited (all for spring
practice came this week as varsity
baseball coach Bob Burlinaame an-
nounced a general meeting for
pitchers and catchers to be held
at 3:30 Monday afternoon in Page
gym

The rest of the varsity has been
asked to report the following week,
March 14. at the sunic time.

Burlincame, who Will not be able
to use freshmen or transfers in
competition, expressed an interest
in all who w'tsh to com“ out. He did
not elaborate in his plans other
liiilii to say that he candidates
should be “prepared to run."

Several Working Out

Several of the Feds have been
‘.\‘tll'l(lllL’. otit on their own in prcpa—
ritual for the season, Scheduled to
staii. play on April 3.! ill a home
opener at Bieeckcr, the Feds will
have all 17 games in 28 days.

the schedule will be hiahlightcl
by two new tcaizis, ltdclicrtcr Insti-
iii.e oi ’l'eelniology ant. Brockpori.
both of which the Peds meet on
the road The 'iiccfiiic \'.‘Jtli Brock-
pori will be :I bai'ciin bill while
the Rochester coiite.:t will be a
singleton

'l‘hc l’cds lia\e tlii't c pitchers
back from their 19:39 campaign. Pete
rlpina should bring his form into
action on the mound. along with
Chuck Recesso i.nd llink Mans.

.loliii l’a\cll(.i, who alternated
with departed 'i‘oin littlili-y behind
the plate, is cxptcted in ionic out
this season alone \viin l‘iiic Kafka

li‘iesliniaii ints‘ltitii \\lii also make
its debiii this year. With if slate of
»,aines bcinsi lined up by the athle-
lc department

Lose Brown

‘l‘hc inoiiinl stall loses \VI.‘
lirtnin, ace liili'icr of the past four
seasons. who graduated last June.
in. an \\ is the winner of the most
\altiablc player award in 195:) liiil'l'
to-catv-iinint: his team along with
ictui'nnig Hay lla\‘el'

ill ilibl iil'sl >i‘.ii\.tlll its iilt' i’t‘tib'.
mentor. llurlinganic comes to State
from St. Jolinsrillc. where his teams
ha\e won pennants in past seasons.

He has served is frcs‘nnun soccci
and wrestling coach at State dur-
lllL; fill and winter months, assist--
ing Joe Garcia and beccmiiig fam-
iliar with the sports scene at the
tollegc.

