PAGE 2

Sense or Nonsense

“Everything tied up, everything graceless and ugly,
the caught mind, something in a trap, no sense, no mean-
111g."

There is a certain aimlessness captured by William
Saroyan in that sentence, a pointlessness which charac-
terizes the temper at State. Pointlessness. Where are we
going?What are we doing?

One of the major issues of the present presidential
campaign is crystallized in the catch-phrase “national
purpose”. We would do well to apply this to State as “col-
lege pupose" or some such phrase, for indeed, there seems
to be little purpose in evidence.

It boils down to this: Learning is our basic purpose
here and there is no denying that the opportunity to do
so is present. But learning what? To be teachers, granted,
but far beyond that, there is a person to be fulfilled and
this should be of prime, if not ultimate concern. And this
is where State falls down.

Therefore, we tender these queries: Why isn’t State Col-
lege fulfilling individual needs—both student and faculty?
Have these needs been obscured by the pressing task of
turning out teache1‘s——regai‘dless 0f the resultant person?
Why isn't the individual affording himself of the opportu-
nities which are offered, and why isn’t he interested
enough to seek the fulfillment in those needs not provided
for at State?

To answer these questions might give some “sense,”
some “meaning” to the years we spend preparing to [t‘eg‘ch

W. . .

Compete, BUT Cooperate

“Rivalry, a competitive period of contests and fun be-
tween the freshman and Sophomore classes" was begun
“to provide integration of the freshman class through a ser-
ies of planned activities, some in competition and some in
cooperation with the Sophomore class." We feel that num-
bers of the student body have become oblivious to this
purpose.

We were proud of the spirit shown by both classes at
the sports events last Saturday and at the rallies on Dorm
field during the week. But just how far should this enthu-
siasm go?

Observation of the first week of Rivalry showed the
freshmen soaked by the Sophs on Dorm field; their spirit,
however, remained undampened! .

We saw a group of freshman boys form a band to help
cheer their clasmates on to victory. Not only did they play
for the Rivalry events but also were present andactive
at the varsity soccer game. This is the type of spirit we
need; and Rivalry should foster it!

We were, however, disappointed to see the Sophomores.
It was rather disheartening to see the destruction of the
“Gremlin dummy" by members of the Sophomore class
even before it had a chance to make its appearance.‘ _

The freshman class is not totally without fault, for it
was a group of them that removed the warning box from
its place in Hucsted. This action was frowned upon by a
large majority of their own class as well as uppcrclassmen.

We believe that the two most important aspects of
Rivalry have been completely disregarded --~“fun" and co-
operation." 11' the enthusiasm that is apparent atvall‘Ri-
valry events could be directed towards these objectives
rather than towards this struggle for class superiortiy
which seems to be so evident, Rivalry would be sci'vmg the
purpose for which it was created.

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First l’l-ice (hl’A Second Place A(.‘I’

' “ ' .’ ll

Vol XLV ()1 loIJti 7. 19M) '\o l
—v ‘.lv Lin! ':.« Nl‘l‘vtri ~.i.iti Iliil‘, he reached ‘liic-iilti’y .:.ii Wrote .d.i', lllclll‘i  t-o‘l'l‘l
[V 3 ‘iIIJti l‘t't'f. ion l| Phones labour, [V J 'ii-i. I'VIlﬁiiiItII .N t i.. it

LII‘I' IV I 'iIi‘JIi Iniiiiclii- IV I.) UiliM

 

ii.iic.'i{r.;i:u.i*i~ new paper oi S'iiti- [Inger ll‘, tuna-me oi I'llItil-tlitrli .i' Alli-Iii.
III v.1] Merv l“ii'i.i, ot Iiit' (Itiiit'jfi‘ j,i.ir iiv  ‘.‘. I'niiilli ioi ':.. who;

A ..iit AtllIIII|_

Ni-I‘A‘S iuMitli
IiAltIiAltA I.IIMili:i
lttililult'l' til'llilIAltl/I'
l‘llJWAltl) MANlil'flb'lﬁiltl"

Mania iii: I'tl, oi
;\ .oi..itc luditoi

I'II.AI1\I'.' ILUMA'IUWﬁKi I"t'.i'iiie I'.ii:'o;
\‘N'IiiliIAM Fit/\NKHNIH A palate I"I'iiliiic Ixili'oi
HAHHAIIA “'II‘.NIN(iI‘ZIt . Iii i:,e.. Ailtcrt l.,’ II {Hit

’.ii..'i' uiﬂwl

('iit ...i'ion and than

‘.’AI.I'JItlI'l Yl 'I.I‘I

     
   

lAMl-Lfi linljr'illl'llt'l'Y ('oii ilI.ii,: Spoil. I‘,tIIIu|
HI'AI‘i"
I;.‘i.l‘. I$.t:liIII'l 'l'iii;.i..i- than: 1' Ilrln Wt Itl lioi ‘.i..,iii Aiiii Siiii'. ito .i..
l"ei.ii.ii: Willaiin I'lr'|l1[li.ll (Liio. .‘.l.ii.o//i I.ii.rl.i In.“  l‘jiiwuid M..i..w.,i:oii
Ad .oiiii l.li,i’liilii should be iiiioic.-.iii to the i-ti. oi IiiII Ili‘l i in own-.1 Nomi
iii In )..t . .il oi. injch 'I'iit: H'I'A'II'I CULIJ'JII'.’ l'l"‘..' L,.-.i.i.im in: It ‘lilIi .‘ii..i".
ioi op i..oni l'.[lll' ..:il in it. (UIUIIAIiv or I'IlIlIlliIlil‘ilII‘lIui ii. .ilHIl iapii . .oi.;. no to:
L... .iiil', retlmi .l vii-w.

I'liillfllt IT; I filial”

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. OCTOBER 7.

Views of
Denma 1'16

By MARY LOU GALLAGHER

Editor’s Note: This Is the second
in a series written by Mary Lou Gal-
lagher ’61, State College Represent-
ative to Denmark, for the summer.
Miss Gallagher's trip was financed
through proceeds from State Fair of
last semester. She is willing to give
talks concerning her trip at any
group meetings, and may be con-
tacted at Brubacher Hall.

The two biking trips, one to Born-
holm and the other to Jutland, were
in some ways the highlight of my
summer in Denmark. Each one of
the ten Americans in my Experiment
group invited one Danish brother or
sister to accompany us on the trips,
so there was an equal representaiion
of' both nationalities.

Most of the Americans had given
up biking at the time they had start-
ed wearing lipstick or long pants.
The Danes of course rode their bikes
as if they were racing in the Olym-
pics. half bent across the handle
bars with that misty look of dis-
tance in their eyes. Thus, what
should have been a pleasure tour
started as an endurance test for at
least half of the group. About half
way around the little island of Born-
holtn. however. all our aches and
pains diminished. and we Americans
started feeling the pride oi' accom—
plishnient that ('illIlC with traveling
forty miles a day on otir own power.

Bornholm. a drop of land in the
East Sea. closer to Poland than to
Denmark. was the more scenic of
the two trips. The rock-bound, cave—
stiidded coast, fragrant pine forests,
and old fishing villages are reminis-
cent of Maine. The simple-living in-
habitants are quite different from
the modern Copenhageiiers. and
even speak a different dialect. One
of the best ways of meeting the town
folk and enjoying the flavor of the
country-side is to relax in the
quaint tea-rooms over hot coffee and
tasty vennerbrd or Danish pastry.
Afternoon coffee is a daily custom
in Danish homes. and we Ameri—
cans were oiin too happy to adopt
the custom. In a Svancke tea-room,
a few ot' us met It Very interesting
Danish man who spoke perfect Eng-
lish and had been educated :II Cam-
bridge. lie was unsious to speak
English and told us he had little use
[or all his learning on the island.
To retain his knowledge. he had read
a wealth of English books. and eug—
ei'ly (IiSt'llSM‘tl them with lln. It. was
strange to meet such it iii-i'soii Ill
such a plzit't', but we le.iriied to ex-
pecl iiiese encounters anywhere.

The best day oi the lIoriiholm trip
sturted out. as the worst. The heavy
rains oi the previous day hiiil con-
iiiiued llll'till'Il the iii Ill. .iiid we
1|\‘.iI'.t‘ ifiri'. .iiid zl. iiiiii‘. to i.ici- ;
liltj. llllIi‘ |tiltl'lll'\ lo ltoiini- ‘illtl the
I)Iii|l hack to (‘opeiiim l'll We puck"
ed our damp clothe. iiiio our bicvelc
ling», put on bathing suits. wi-i, -.ocl.s
.iiid siieikci's, .llltl .‘wl.ll'li‘(l out We
t‘t'l'l;illil\‘ loot-:cil unhappy with huge,
black poiiclio.~. tli'upecl ii\ll' its and
only our L‘l'llll wet hoes :~Ilil\\llli’..
‘l‘he way to kcep ilj) our spirits llIliI
pi'e\ciii stoppiii‘; by the road .iiie .‘llltl
iloppiiig into inuddy giillies was to
sing We .‘Mlig llliIlI our voice. were
t'l'ut'lilllil. and our throats were riiw.
’l'lic liaines taught us some oi their
songs, but we were more siicrcssiiil
teat-lint: them Anici'iciiii on us
While the l';tlli kept pouring. we sang
"lllue Skies" .tlltl "()h What A limit--

iitui l\'lorniii;'." lilt'l'li hilt. iii-\ei'
duiiiitcd us when we sang. '.r\ll
(toit's (‘hilluii (iol Wincs" .iiid
".Iucoli's I..itl(lci"' We ilil tool; oll

our shoes and [il'titlll‘tl h.iii~loot,
.-,kiiniiiiiig thiourh puddles and wit?
tiling our toes We i'l'ltv'llt‘tl Itoniic
in just. tliiec hours and changed iiiio
dry clothes Alter it hot. meal we
were really lit, and decided to have
it party til .i small iiiii 'l'lie owners
\A'l'l'l' very JIIt.l :iiii .iiid let us sing
to our hearts" content our favorite
soiii' ziiitl theme for llil' SIIIIIIllt‘I'

"You and I should get ll).’t‘llll'l'.
we could llthl.‘ ll party.

You and l .Hlltillltl izet together,
we ioiild really have ii ball "

 

1960

 

 

 

 

 

.(n's THE ow Dowusmips ABOUT THE NOlSE.

Dear Oedipus Smith . . .

DEAR OEDIPUS: When does rushing begin?

DEAR FEMALE: When DOES it?

DEAR. OEDIPUS: I am deeply disturbed. of late, by the seeming
luck of scht'ilarlincss on the part of our silldt‘lits. There seems to be a
singular over-emphasis on sociiiliiy. and very little concern for the noble
pursuit of learning-tor—learniiig's sake. I :itl'.‘otate ll muss return to thc
ec.~tatic road of intellectuiilism. and would like your support.

()T’I‘O BLOCKKOPF

DICAR OTTO: Yes, you are DEI‘II’LY disturbed.

DEAR OEPIDUS: Are you for or against apartment parties?

()(iLER

DEAR OG: You must be new around here. Such a question is
akin to asking if I am pro or con as regards procreation, procrastination,
and THE PRISM. Of course I'm for apartment parties. They're here to
stay as long as you don't mind playing ftzotsie with .Ioliii Law all night.

DEAR OEDIPUS: When are they goingr to put landing lights on
third~floor Waterbury?

FRIENDLY ONE

DEAR ONE: When they can convince someone to land.

DEAR OEDIPUS: Wliut outlets are there at State for relieving
inner tensions? NERVOUS

DICAR NERVOI'S: There are any number of things you might do:
for instance, building bleachers on \'ct's Field. (Somebody ought to
build them.) If you're not inclined towards carpentry, you might throw
a few urchins into Dorm Swamp whence they seem to spring . . . or
take Minerva. for it walk (it’s been awhilei . . . go window shopping in
the South End . . . 01' throw rocks at pigeons. Still no good'.’ Then go
look at the new group houses on South Lake. 'l‘hcy're good for a few
laughs.

DEAR OEDII’US: What. :hould I do about my inferiority coiiipli-xi’

’lllli.‘ PRISM

DI'IAR PRISM: With my psychological background, and having
talked your problem over with my mother iwliom I recently marriedi.
and father tbcforc l interred him), and after looking the situation ovcr
twitli my eyes. which I recently gougedi, I have decided vour question
is indeed worth answering. A

I suggest you bliy a sandwich in the cafeteria, remove the waxed
paper. and throw the sandwich away. Then buy a con oi' coffee. I‘liittcn
the waxed paper on the table in front ol' you. told the paper diagonally
from corner to corner. then again. using the other two corners. Now you
have a little eup. Place in that clip whatever little odds and ends )0“
may IlilH‘ on the tablel. like cigarette butts, suoons, I'rosli. dirty picture.»
books and colors. 'I'Iieii place the paper clip on the table next to you and
drink your coffee. If you can do this in public. I'd say your coinple\ was
cured. ' I

I)i‘.'.‘\lt ()l‘IIHI’l'H Why don‘t \\'I‘ li.i\c :i lt)iiII).tIl Itillli .lI Ei'atc‘.‘

‘.\’t i.‘\.'lil‘.li'l.\‘(i
liliAR WONDICIHNU: (iood question. The first unsv. er one usually
gets is: no money. I‘Zverytliing, but (‘\t‘l‘)lIlIllL;' around here operates ill
the black. IWcII uhnosti Besides, too many people might get hurt. w
instead, they play a nice. neighborly game of touch.

lil-fAlt ltl‘fAlilxlt Il doubt Illt cxi ieiice oi anal .‘N'cm‘oiic \oui.-. II'li
i lllt ecd .’IlltI to (Ilri'ii\l'l Illlll you he in clou I.vIlI.II \oii li.i\e no prob
lcins. that will :u'e tl‘i contented .is .iii Albany con Ill-I you ('.|IlI wizl
lt. lllll t he ci'eat to hate all the answers and no question !

College Co/eno’ar

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7
'i’- ii p II]
it till pin
ii on pin
Si ll jilll.

 

 

 

 

lli'ubaclier Open House
Kiippu liellii :-i|.iie:.niivii Illil‘ll Iloiisc
Sicnia I’lii Hli’lllll (ipcn lloiise
liaiice llrliliiiclici'
SA'I‘I‘RDAY. ()("l'OlII'IIt 8
1i no pin. llziiiiii-r lliiiit, Rivalry
I] lit) piii. Volleyball and I‘IUUIIHIII. lti\2ili'v.
:l- .i put Activities Iiiiy Ili'ti (Iilillt' ltooiii
:‘N'J piii Il"(i l"iliii Hull-Iii
MONDAY. ()("l‘tllilz‘lt Iii
If tit) piii Joiii‘iitilisiii ('l.i:~:s. IIIlliilliIltl
.i-o pin. Sorority Open Houses. ioi I"lli ii Woiiii-n
’l‘I'I-ISDAY - FRIDAY

to pin Sorority (ipeii Houses for l“i‘osh Wtillll'll

 

 

.t: t‘““‘”t-“’?NI€-“f’f§‘"r

.<v

akmese—_ m.-

   
  

 

Tlie nationally prominent Miss
Clarice Kline, President of the
National Education Association, was
honored with a tea at Brubachcr
Hall last Saturday afternoon. The
reception line consisted of the fol—
lowing people: Dr. mid Mrs. Evan R.
Collins: Miss Helen P. Mancy. Pres-
ident of the NYS ’I‘eucher‘s Associ-
ation: Miss Anita Dunn. Supervisor
of English in the Milne School; and
Miss Kline.

During a personal interview, Vilss
Kline gave her opinions on the fol-
lowing questions:

Question: What do you think
college students. such as those here
at State can do to prepare for being
good teachers?

Answer: A college student enter-
ing the teaching profession should
be involved in some kinds of activi-
ties other than college courses and
activities. These could include work-
iiig at camp. at ii playground. or
teaching in a Sunday school; all
where contact with young people is
involved

This is important because the
most. important thing in teaching
is the love of working with young
people. One iiiiisi have these exper-
iences before entering the profes-
sion, as a kind of test.

Also, one must have the same iii-

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. OCTOBER 7.

Clarice Kline, NEA President, Offers

Ideas, Opinions on American Education

By DORIS MUHLICII

tcrcst in knowledge and learning as
any learned person has. Opportunity
for this is given through the Stu-
dent-teaching program whereby one
is involved in the profession which
involves child development.
Professional Organizations

Question: How important do you
think professional organizations are
for students and teachers?

Answer: Any person in any pro-
fession owes a certain amount of
time to professional organizations.
In the teaching field. there are sev-
eral of these organizations—~8EA,
NYSTA, NEA“HII which have deﬁ-
nite and important purposes.

By belonging to such organizations
ii teacher can do the following:

1. Improve educational opportuni—
ties through instruction, educational
facilities, and on the whole. better
education. In doing these things,
the teacher should not only be iii-
tercsted and well-read in his own
major field. but several others as
well. This is deﬁnitely important in
the teaching profession.

2. Advance the interests of the
teaching profession This would iii-
cludc improvement of' instruction,
l';tl>lllL1‘ salaries. and working on
certification, These would result in
more. bettcr-qualiiied teachers and
thus. possibly an even bettei‘ edu-

cational system.
Outstanding CharacteristiCS

Question: What are the essential
characteristics of a good teacher?
Is there one particular outstanding
quality which you feel is important?

Answer: Assuming that a good
teacher is one. who is already well-
prepared with a sound academic
background —. gen e 1' al education.
specialized ﬁeld, professional cdu-
cation—the essential characteristics
would be:

1. A love for young people. and
the ability to let them know this
without being sentimental or hov-
ering over them constantly. This
love enables them to work with you
(as well as you with them) and tell
you their problems.

2. Deiiiiitely must have an under-
standing of what the American edu-
cational system and universal edu—
cational system means. Through
this understanding, one can work
well with, and for, the slow, aver-
age. and “gifted” students.

This is “something that not all
teachers have." But it is tremen—
dously important. because in order
to be successful, you must under-
stand the role of all groups of stu-
dents.

Miss Klinc is on It tour visiting
and speaking at various colleges.

1960

 

 

PAGE 3

 

   

A funny thing happened to me on
the way to my cave last Wednesday.
Yeah, my cave . . . where I hide

. uh . . all my prisms. I hide
them so that no one can steal them
and copy them because I like to be
an individualist. Well, I have all
sorts of prisms stashed away in my
cave-~big prisms, little prisms. pris-
tine orisms. tin-pristine prisms, and
useless prisms. The one I use (the
useless oneSi I keep in a closet.
along with other necessities such
as family skeletons, stolen beanies.
axes, The Revolutionary‘s Hand-
book, sun-glasses. cold pills, open
minds etc. And every Wednesday. I
hop onto my genuine dlnasauwah
and take off for my cave to prepare
for the Friday exhibitions.

The first thing I do is place one
of my prisms on a rock outside. (If
I can't find a rock. I use my Shakes-
peare book; if I can‘t find the out—
side, I take another aspirin and
another cup of black coffee, and
try again.) Then I let the sun's rays
retract through the instrument onto
ll stone tablet on which I chisel
my message to the world at large
Ioi' rather at small. since this world
is composed mainly of State Col—

It'L'I'I. Of course. all this is taking 

 

 

It's what's gp front that counts

 

Up front is («EJLI‘ER-BLENDVJ and only Winston has it!
Rich, golden tobaccos specially selected and specially

processed for full flavor in filter smokin

I J Ifriiiol ls 'I‘oli.iiio (‘oiiipaiiv \\ iiisioii .Siilt III, N. t‘.

 

g.

. Augﬂdﬂ

 

 

 

 

7/te 

By ELAINE ROMATOWSKI

for granted that the sun is shining;
if it rains, I plagiarize.
t It it

I was digging around in my cave
the other day, trying to ﬁnd a hid-
ing place for a king I was planning
to murder, when I unearthed what
appeared to be a scroll imprinted
with some sort of hieroglyphics. Be-
int,r the inquisitive being that I am,
I immediately dragged out my
English—Hieroglyphic dictionary and
began to decipher the strange, con-
torted ﬁgures. As it turned out, they
were the writings scrawled centur-
ies ago by some obscure and non-
profit-seeking prophet concerning
some equally obscure and non—profit
organization called State College.
Apparently, he had an extremely
active imagination, for these were
his predictions:

“A new campus . . . a new kitchen

. a new college . . liqurir on cam-
pus . . . food in kitchen . . . a new
college , , eight sororities . . . eight
fraternities eight GDIs . .
apartment houses instead of dorms

. . . housemothcrs under 25 . . . a
soccer stadium . . . a soccer spirit
. . . a new Page Hall . . . a new
Page gym . . . a new Page . . . a

new Richardson . . . a new Huested
. a new Draper . , , a new Hawley
. a new College." (No wonder this
guy never made Madison Square
Garden ii

I Well, as I began to say some sixty
lines ago. a funny thing happened
to me on the way to my cave lust
\‘Vedncsday. As I trotted down the
I'IIlI(I on my mean motiih scoottih.
I saw a big black blob casually
saunter into the confines of my se—
crci liib. Tightening my leopard-
skiii and brandishing my club, I
cautiously followed the grizzly into
my inner sanctum. He was there.
in my lair. asleep against the door
of my precious closet.l Now, there
are many things that I lllll—WIIU’.
intelligent, charming. etc.~-but I‘in
not it martyr! Prism or no prism.
I wasn't going to open that door.
And to top it all off. it '.'.'asn't even
raining! I therefore decided to do
what all of you have been domg foi'
the past minute or two—grin and
bear it!

ISC States
Rush Rules

Elaine Zipper '(ll. President of Iii-
tei-sororiiy Council, has released the
rushing rules according to the ISC
constitution. ’l‘he-c rules are a con-
Illllltilitili of rules published in last
week" News.

If. 'l‘he following tiiici'taniniiiit
iii.iy take place :it all (\t‘llIS listed
in the schedule oi events after the
Ilt‘t'llllllll!‘ oi l'llSIlllli' the pi;i\iiig
oi iiirrb the playing oi lllmll'lllllli'lllS
tlie pinyin:y of records. IIll' \\'ilI(‘IIIIlL,'I

oi It‘lt‘H‘ltill. the use of "S .ng
Boole." the :otivities :ljljil'wtt'tl by
isc. ‘
i" No sorority nieinbci' r~littll "fix-
up” :i i'u-li with :i (Illit‘.
1 li it situation should .ill~t'
\\l.| re .1 sorority woiiii: he .okcd
lit \It."'i-:\l Ililllll“ .oi' i..ii.ii tlic

 r ill'. would icicr Ilit‘ li‘ti‘lt‘ﬁl
tithe ’Itil'lllllwlli'
Hoioi'ity tl.l'lliIJi l: iltllII}.t d.ii:i...:

with l'll‘llH'\ is .illowi : ii the
circiiiii-Iaiiic- .nn ‘lliil 'l:.i! ilic
soioiiH Illlllilll‘.‘  iiot lii~
mind in .iii.iii. ;ii. I.l mic

(‘- ’l'hcre shall tii' moon iii\ii.t-

tioiin lor IIlt‘ two [I..iIlIlI\I li'ii.li
l‘nlies illltl l".ri'iii.il liiiii.i-i .\.l min 1'
(‘Ill'ittll‘llil’lllfi I)t‘I‘.'I'I'Il mi lll‘. w»-

iiicii .iiid i'iishccs» ..h.i.l IJI' oi..l .illtl
liuiitic. IIIIII' lilllii\\iIlLI hoiii-~ hen-
.iltcr I'l‘I( ll't‘il to .is open rusii lion
Sundai throi..n ihui'sduy 'l .in.
to it pin I“llil.l\ .iiid S.iiiiiii.iy 'i'
.i III to lrcsliiiiaii «losiii' houis .tIllI
ituiing iiiii.i.ons li ii is
iic.i-.-.~~;iry for .i mil lll\ Illt'lliiJl‘l .iiid
:i i’usliec to speak ziltei‘ open hours
it .i ieizistered college zittiiily or
c 11‘) iiiiictioii, No pci'iiiission li'oiii
l.i(‘ is needed

If No sororin \iiiiiaii may take
.i weekciid with :i ruslice Excep—
llolis I"I.ilv(‘I'IlII_\ \\|'t‘lil'IltIh at other
colleges WAA .iiid (‘iiiiip weekends
at which two other sororities must
be lll't'bl'lll

t'tillepi

 

