 

PAGE 4

  

Student teacher Jack Diffily prepares himself for the scores of
questions that he will receive in the coming day’s classes.

 

 

 

 

 

Three-month course leads to a
commission as a Second Lieuten-
ant. If you are graduating this lune,
you may be eligible for admission to
the new Air Force ()fiiCcr Training
School. Successful completion of the
threcdnonth course wins you a com-
mission. and :i head-start on a bright.
rewarding future in tile Aerospace
Age.

The School is open to men and
women college graduates with cer-
tain tecluiological and administrative
skills. it you life selected for the
School, you \\lll rcccive Staff Scr-
geant pay while a traiiice. (lradu-
ated otiiccrs may later apply for ad-
vanced training and graduate study
at government expense. Male oth-
ccrs may also apply for flight train—
ing (ls pilots or naiigzirors.

l’or the career-minded young oili-
cer, the Air i’orCe way of life can in:
stimulating, exciting and full of
meaning. He will be serving himself.
his family and his nation. This is the
Aerospace Age. it i\ {I time when :i
Cilrt'Cr in Air l'iorce lllllt‘ has so llllltll
to offer Ill" young man or woman
\l‘llr)l]ll1llilit‘\.

'iillt' Air l‘oric is \I‘I‘ltillL' only :i
sclcct group of Ullli‘L’!‘ graduates for
il(llll|\\ltlll into Ulin cr li‘f-ttlllllL’
$3 liool. ii’l‘-\4‘\('l', tar/ll be happy to
Wild ilcltllli'Il illililllidiliill I!) Jlllj,’
«our u ho is iiitcrrxictl. llni H. ritc:

Officer Training School
Information

Dept. SCLOI'Z

Box 7608
Washington 4, DC,

There’s a place for tomorrow’s

leaders on 1/16 —

Aerospace Team. J S
. __‘ L o 0

Air P orcc

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9. 1960

It "

that you learned in the last
into practice.

student teaching.
remember a thing.
students walk in.

vicious little monsters with
sible.

be adhered to even less).

 

Jack discusses the day‘s problems with fellow student teachers Ethel
Sontupe. .lim Warner. and Larry Tuttobene.

 eamud 7eac/u’ng

By K.\'l‘llli YN FERRA R A

My student teaching cxpcricncc was in an oft—campus
school. This I feel has many udvantagcs. Gctting away from
college into thc community and rcally bcing ablc to experi-
ence. to a certain degree. the me of a teacher is a major
part of off campus studcnt teaching. I did not have this
complete cxpcricncc bccuusc I commuted to school from
the dormitory cvcry day. I wish I had been able to live in
the community. Being in thc position of a teacher, I rculizc
how much influence the community on have on the school,
bcsidc the fact that it usually supports it. Sccing how thc
people live. knowing what thcir norms and standards of
living zil‘c. liclps in your rclutionships with thc studcnts
and Ill! pai'cnts.

Anotlici' zitlvuiitugc ol bclng away from college and
collcgc lil'c l.» thc attitudc that you form. I feel that a
inoi'c prolcssional attitude is tukcn. You really don‘t think
of yourscll its a studciil, but as a part of the faculty of
that particular community‘s school. (Thc only purt you
miss is Iill' paycheck cvcry two wccks!)

icing alilc to oliscrvc othcr tciichcrs and their methods
is anothcr i.i.'oi‘tliv.'liilc cxpcricncc in studcnt tcuchlng off
campus. You incct sonic l‘l‘lllly suprci‘i'lc tczichcl's and it is
amazmg thc hints and guidcs that. you on pick up from
tl’icm.

’I‘hci'c :ii‘c scvci'ul things that go along wttli off campus
studcnt tcuching ()illi r than standing in trout of the class
imparting your knowlcdgc to the studcnts, 'I‘hcrc til" such
things to. laculty incl-tings, lunch hour tllitics, homci'ooins,
hudch l'i'jlril'Irs, dcpiii'tini-ntul nicctings and Workshops,
just to incntion u lcw.

'I‘hc cxpi-ricnccs of studcnt tciiclilng are many. 'I‘hc
lust and thc most, important it(‘it(lt‘llllt‘ttll_‘/ and pci'sonzilly,
is thc cxpci'icncc of being in u classroom and actually put-
ting into usc tln- knowlcdgc guincd throughout high school
and college. You woiidci' whilc you arc taking itll thcsc
courscs whcn you will I‘Vt‘l‘ use tlicm. But tlic mind of at
scvciitii gi'adci', (whom i taught), is full of questions. Most
of the time, you, as a tcachcr can answer thcsc questions
from your background and training. I think that u reall-
zation of the importance of this previous training is reach-
ed in student teaching.

As you walk toward your first class, you are scared stiff.
better part of three hours preparing for this class and yet, at this moment, you can’t
You stand in the front of the class and watch your newly acquired
All of a sudden they are no longer high school students but rather,

STU T TEACHING

14 standard 7eac/1M’d Impaeddian

At last you are teaching! After fifteen years of sitting in the classroom, you
find yourself on the other side of the fence.

Now comes the acid test. The theories
three years will not help one bit if you cannot put them

Will the kids like you? Will they learn from you? These are the ques-
tions that constantly run through your mind in the days preceding your first day of

You have spent the

a sole purpose of disrupting the class in every way pos—

You start the class with a brief introduction of yourself (usually casting a corny
joke about your name pronunciation or nationality). Your voice is nervous and cracks
at times but there is nothing you can do about it. You discuss the rules of classroom
behavior (which will be followed only partially) and your assignment policy (which will

You talk for what seems like an eternity and when you have covered the last
bit of material you look up at the clock.
minutes to go and nothing to talk about.

Much to your dismay you still have twenty
All of a sudden those little monsters in front
of you become your friends for life. They realize that you
are stuck and they begin to ask you questions about every-
thing that they can think of. At last the ice is broken. You
start to answer their questions and as you do the nervous—
ness leaves and you suddenly feel very much at case.

After that brutal first day, the days go by rapidly. The
lesson plans, the homework to correct, the outside reading
to keep up with the class, all these place you in a position
of working harder than you ever have in your college ca-
reer. But you find that each day, when you cntcr the class-
room, that evcry minute of work is worth the short forty
minutes spent in the class with “your kids.”

The days fly by and you have successfully (or not so
successfully) muncuvcrcd through a marking period, par-
cnts night, poor preparations, innumberable questions
about the most minute subjects and last but not least Mon—
davs.

We have tried to capture the high points of student
teaching but in this little space even that is impossible. We
can say howovcr, that it is an experience that you will al-
ways remember.

 

.\ll the work of the day is directed toward the actual classroom ex-
pci'icncc. This is not the only part of student teaching but it is by far
the most important.

mom's":

 

All the teaching is not done in the classroom. Student conferences
are an integral part of the cadet teacher’s learning to work with high
school students.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9. 1960

PAGE 5

 

/k5..~_ T

/
‘23.  '-

Mr. George Whitney, Milne Supervisor, goes over the good points of
the day’s class and points out dill'ercnt ways the material might have
been presented.

x

 

Wiewd a] a gape/mam

i'l‘he. following is an excerpt from the (‘l'ltltH'l‘Ll'M BILLE'I‘IN
Number 5 of tlic Gloversville Public Schools, (iloversvillo, New York.
The article is one of three in the bulletin under the general heading “To
See Ourselves As Others See Us")

FROM THE SUPERVISORS EVALUA'I‘IUN
By Mr. Earlc E. Flatt, Arcu Supervisor of Student
Teachers.

So many factors are intertwined in creating and achie-
ving ‘d successful studcnt teaching experience, that it is
difficult to isolate them for thc purposc of analysis. Some
items. howcvcr, tll‘t‘ outstanding iii the Glovcrsvillc High
School iiiid Estcc Junior High School.

All illipot‘ltilli factor is the t‘ricndly and welcome at-
n‘iosphcrc which was fclt by the student. tcachcrs and the
supcrvisoi' when they first Visitcd the school. This initial
cxpci'icl‘icc is ncccssul'y and important to thc cadct i(‘2l('ll-
crs

Anothcl' factor which contribuch to thc succcss of
this cxpcricncc, was the liclp glycn by thc coopcrating
tczichcl's.

A third factor which was outstanding was the appurcnt
copcrution attitude bctwccn lhc administration and thc
faculty. This attitude pcrincutcd to the student teachers
so that they felt they could ask advice freely.

The t'ricndlincss, cooperation, and prol‘cssiomil advice
are only it fcw of the important factors. The program ii
the High School and the Junior High School is 21 wclcomc
addition to the many other schools which we have in the
program at Albany.

      
  
  
   

 

 

'l'lirouizli for the dziy. Now it's home. or to the library to plan out
the following day’s activities.

Rum/77g f/ze Wﬂ/fﬁ Mf/ggé} Gator/er. . .

._c_.“,

YOU HAVE TO THINK FOR YOURSELF... (ain‘t i. i on
AND THINK FAS T! .

 lurid}   q  a
Nice/wt) 1p. Ha“!  ' H. j V
€Mooliij/ "3%;   . ‘ g.
..5 ~r " I, I I

   
    
 
 

wt.in  ﬂ \“
 I} V

  



   

E‘ No! hulk Al
Tilt: L‘AIWUN

   

    

  

    
 
 

 

Jim ls taking his son Bob on his first
"white water" canoe trip. . .

 

 

Wlliii' WAN ixl __

formation in the canyon
. . . and realized smooth,
inviting sllcks could hide
death-dealing ﬂat rocks!

7eoc/u’ny in are Milne SM

By ROBERT GEBIIARDT

When I first heard that I was going to teach in Milne, my reaction was very sim-
ilar to that of most people. I dreaded the prospect. I had heard enough things about
the school to convince me that it was going to be the worst eight weeks of my college life.

Here are some of the comments that I have heard in the past about the Milne
School. “Milne is a clandstine den turning out atomic scientists faster than our research
labs can absorb them.” “Milne is not a realistic teaching situation." “You can’t teach
the way you want to in Milne.” “There are no discipline problems in Milne.” These
and many other comments of this sort express the attitude of State‘s students toward
the campus school.

Personally I thoroughly enjoyed teaching at Mime. Instead of being the worst
eight weeks of my college career it was the most enjoyable. The supervisors were
extremely helpful, the administration was co—operative, the department heads helped
us in any way that they could, and the kids themselves were great. All this does not
mean that we didn‘t have problems and headaches, but it does mean that we had some
of the best educators in the state to help us meet the problems as they arose.

The greatest advantage that you have teaching in Milne is the supervision that
you get. Our supervisors were all pl‘ovcn teachers with at least ten years of experience.
We met with these supervisors at least once a day and the advice that they gave us

"(is not high sounding educational theory. but, good solid advice on the best way to
)rganizc and run a classroom.

A popular misconception is that all of the Millie students are ‘brains.’ These kids
are average or slightly above average high school students coming from middle class
homcs. They have the same problems with school work that any other high school stu-
dent has. It was a real pleasure to work with them and it was through them that I
found out why so many people leave higher paying jobs to teach.

I am not saying that Milne is the perfect school, but I can say from personal ex-
pcricncc that it: is a far cry from the college student‘s idea of it, and if I had to practice
tcach over again I would certainly pick Milne as my first choice for teaching.

CHICKEN DELIGHT

HOBART 2-5533
Ztitl (‘EN'I‘RAL AVENUE cor. N. LAKE AVENUE

COMPLETE DINNERS PREPARED IN THE
EXGLiiSlVE GHIGKENDELIGHT METHOD

FREE DELIVERY to your home or place of business. Just open the specially
designed individual containers and enjoy any of the delicious dinners listed
below.

No
l’ANS

 

RIBS

SllRilVIP  FISH ‘
j ‘ j .v\ ('oinpletc llot .\ (‘ornplete Ilotl,‘ Com yew not
~‘\ (“."ii’h‘lv “Qt ,(miikf , Shrimp Dinner con— l'ish llinner consis— ‘ Rib high“. can.
cil l)Iniicr consisting oi: sixth”: of. lung "f;  . .
, 1.1 _ “Tr. L 5. __l ‘ g . N ' sisting of.
-' ( l“ “n ‘ “ii ‘ i" ‘tl Jumbo (Iuli Slirimpi l‘llt‘l oi Haddock  l “I pound of

(‘lllt‘KiCN

r ‘ ‘ , , ‘ ,
[)() 1 LS “I'll; “Hm”, ( h,"'l“'“_ (lencrous Serving of Generous Serving of l m"_B_Q Ribs
V ("inwm'i‘ minim“ “l l‘l't‘lli‘il Fried l’otzi- French l’ried I’i (,meuS Serving

 ,1""“,"f'l‘,l:"i”l imam“ toes ’l‘linizy (‘ocktiiil tittoes ('ole Slow '01- Fwn‘ch prim

. [\Hll‘t s l‘illlpy ( “ruin-pr} 51m”, (.UIP 5m“, __, Mun-i" _ Tune“ Potatoes " 0 t
 Ei‘q MW“ — “Mil” .‘luffin. Individual , Sauce Individual sjlu“._:uuf“n

I ’ A“ l'll('lillt{'l' of .‘Iints ‘l’ai-ltagp (if Minis

T0 1-45 1.45 g .95 1,75
W “H ‘ 

V A L‘ CHICKEN SNACK Sillilhil’ SNACKI FISH SNACK l RIB SNACK

l

. ‘. ( Iiickcn llclight Spe— ll .luinbo (lult‘ Sill‘illlp‘ l-‘llet of Haddock

i I‘ll't‘lll‘li l“l'll‘(i l (ltd'l' , l‘il't‘lH'll I"! it'll l Ulil'
P

5.\ ('omplete Ilot
' llib Dinner cori-
cial. (lrown (‘hiclten I lsisiilli: of:
French l-‘ried Potatoes toes Tangy (‘ocktiiil tin-5 (‘olu Slaw j I;- I’ound of
limits 'l‘ungy (.‘ranberry Sauce ('ole Slaw —— ‘l‘iu‘tcr Siiiiccv Milt-i V "M'B'Q ‘mbs
_(.enerous serving

 sum-t- — Muffin .iiun‘in. individual on Individual rac- ‘jm Hench Fried
Package of Mints. large of Mints [mumps u 0 1
i‘ N .95 ‘ Sauce—M uffin
‘ , , , .95 .65 l 1.15
l4 Al
1 (ole Slaw 10c lixtrli Where Not Included
I I'Ici t-s .\I‘l \t'\ l’l‘li'cl‘li-ci-s M'ru-s Irricc
Order Chicken Delights 1:: ii) 3.47 12x iiii 7.43
it; (5) . . 4.46 3'! . . (ill .  8.42
I t , , ‘
Buckef O Chlcken .30 . m at.) .ii. . on  an
ill (8) . it.“ l’iililis l'.lllll'\ ii... is Que!

INQUIRE ABOUT OUR SCHOOL SPECIALS

 

 

 

iiiol'i n Piﬂ‘k‘. ill ,2 L A. , . V
IN wxxw.‘ iali w w anti

A MAN lVHtl norm. _,7 ‘i’l'l‘l’uml 3 .-
lwicouwzi ii, [’1le "

  if Viceroy's 901 ii...
at both ends ‘

Lil’i' Illl iliI'ER, é
.. _  

THE RIGHT TASTE BECAUSE

   
          

   
      
       
   
    
  
  
 
 
 
   
 

.1\rj
.-ri

 
  

   
 

out no BliTND!
4  . '

 

       

  
     
 

Mm lip

\iJannlil‘u

  

01950. mm A WILLIANBUN IUBACUO our.

 

 

 

