 

 

PAGE 2

Out of the Valley of Page...

A recent decision by Siena College officials has given
our college a golden opportunity to step into the college
basketball spotlight in the City of Albany. For years State
has been struggling in “match—box-like” Page Gym while
Siena has been enjoying the spaciousness of the Washing-
ton Avenue Armory. This season, however, Siena has de-
cided to move its entire operation to the Loudonville cam-
pus and play all its home games in their own Gibbons Hall.
This move leaves a vacant armory which could easily be-
come available to the Sauersmen. Only two things are
necessary to effect this move which would indeed bring our
college into the public’s aroused eye.

The first, and most important, is financial backing
to defray the tremendous costs of such a plan. The cost
per game, including baskets and bleachers, is somewhere
between $700 and $1000. This fee also includes the privi-
lege of afternoon practice sessions on the huge hardwood
court.

The second factor, which is closely aligned with the
first, is the full support of every member of the Student
Association. Their attendance at every home game is not
only needed, but also probable assistance in the selling of
season’s tickets to local merchants and other citizens of
the Albany area. The sale of such tickets would aid greatly
in defraying the over-all expense of the program. .

This question is still very much tip in the air, but perti-
nent facts are presently being compiled to accurately cle—
termine the feasibility of this step.

The News is reporting this tentative move at the pres-
ent time in order that all students might have enough
time to think their feelings and express them openly. If
student support is wholehearted, as it most certainly should
be and if certain variables develop favorably, State can
become a focal point of area interest.

This is not only important in that it will give the Sau-
ersmen a home worthy of their talent; but, furthermore,
this is a time when State College must convince Albany
that we should stay and expand right here in the capital of

the Empire State.
J.V.D.

 

Review:

Shaw Play Sparkles

The touring production of Georgi trayals of Edward Pilkington as
Bernard Shaw's Arms And The Mar Major Serguis Saranoff and Juanita
as presented by the Ithaca C(Jllt“lt June Conrey as Raina Petkoff. Their
Players Wednesday night in Page roles, as they were performed. bor-
Hall was a delight to hear and see. dercd on the over-satirized or slap-
The play is a spoof and connncn- stick. This is not to say that the
tary on romantic War and senti- production or the players were not
mental love prevalent in the later compctant as those persons incit-
nineteenth century. In this produc- tioncd above and Janina Polclilopck,
tion We were served up with more t‘rai.; MarNab, Roger Gradcss, atid
spoof than commentary. which, in Joliti .‘vIcCabc, who made up the
view of Shaw's usual long-windcd— remainder of the cast, were more
ners, was probably for the best. On than il(i('(liI‘Ii(‘ and deserving of hiin

the whole, the production \\'.1~ wcll Rather the fault for the
rounded with the usual hi.h spots
and slow monulnts.

It seemed to this reviewer that
there was a conflict of styles pres—
cut on the HlaJ‘ two “Hills a,.:o.
Chet Carlin, who portrayed Captain
Bluntschii, the cliocolatc-rrcain uti-
dier, gave an excellent l)t'i‘lttl'llliil.c.'
in a true Shavian manner, a. did
Margo Schekman as the servant who
makes good. Yet. this t'(llliilii ol
styles became evident. with the nor-

praise.
drained mixture of styles must be
laid at the feet of director (lcoruc
ll, ilct-i'ncr ol the Ithaca Ciliil‘qt‘
iaculty.

Without duration. the cast and
crew \'~.crc justly rewarded for their
efforts by the large audience. The
iztit Iilti' was Ilillltlr-i cotllllitlotls t‘X—
tcgtt when punctuated by frcoucnt
Itirsts of applause within and f'ol-
ltJ‘.\lli.' each of the three acts.

—.l()ll.\' I.l'(‘;\S

 

ESTA

BYT

 

First Place t.hl‘A
Vol, XLV

Mczntui. ol 'i.- NI'I'." .1’ ‘iIt ‘. i
p in ii'. IV 'J-iii'Jll 1-5.1. lnl. i. l'zn.:.v.
Wit-iiiiigI-i IV 2 ‘tlilti

'I'Iio omit Iplliltitlii'l‘ J.’ 
pill/flair“! cunt", I"i1d.«. v.
Association

t.‘,.‘ltv.' ,

llAlLIlAItA l.11'.t;t .
ICUHI'LIH Iii‘ﬁiiIIAIiiI'i
MINI/Alt]; .\i.-‘t.‘w’tir.f:-.lilzl‘l
IltIiINI‘l Vt. lh'l Iz'lt
ELAINE i(,ll‘i‘\
WILLIAM ‘
LINIIA LA .'
llAltllAltA \‘i’ll-Jalfdiiult
VALl'llLlll ‘i’t'l.l-Z
Mi‘lit'l‘ h" ’I'lII'iltIu‘iNiI

 

()t 'obcr :31. lotto

STATE COLLEG E N EWS

BLlSHED MAY 19l6
HE CLASS OF 1918
Hectiial I’liu'c ACI’

Nit, Ell

'.‘.-‘i.:i. tin ..
.Ii'.

.. .- .. t. i..
Li. L. .1 wt. ‘l‘il.ili.l IN ‘li.

.. “it i n! it,ii.t'r-., t‘ \E'iiz.
ti ‘ "u .t l'w- l tit: ‘.,t .‘1 . .y '

tlllt’li
i‘.iliitlii I‘. t lllll

‘.l tint

 

   

Ii. :.. \i:,-i :,.
it. . I inn il.ti I'.~.t i.‘l:.,'t - ml
:iiiiii‘ ll

1

l.

l

. l

\ t... In.i‘.i: l'

.,  ,.

y.

l

l'. oi

l,

.i‘.[

JAMI‘H IXII'IilII'Iltl'Y I‘itii .. t..' Hpo‘
.~I ".l.’

DESK I'ZIJI If IRS A1. t i’|.l.' ‘.1.. i ,, " .‘ I .t lill l.i.tl lint LI.

Itlili'Ult‘l‘I‘thn' I..t.tii t I. | “limit :1 . Haitiaii ll... mi  l‘.a ', \‘.1.1..i.
King

Ailttl.1.Ilii:.l.i'it:l. , . ‘ ta- llifl' mi :1 >1. or ...: :i..' i. not: Kw.
will be ‘a.t.i.tic.tf iii. in, .i i'a :i'i '\il'. VIII 1 l'llt Nl".‘. I Lut' I.il l' ,mii .Ii, 1‘.
{or u,;.i..uii. cth .wt ll. . to. .‘i. to or . ..i l..‘ . .ii 1-,.it .ttl, do 1.4.

not ci.:.ailly telltvtl .t» .a- J.

«D ‘

 

Grimm

To the Faculty and Student Body,
c/o The Editor, State College News.

 

The general topic of complaint
lately, has turned to the area of
negativism; negativism in all as-
pects of our life. For the most part,
the arguments offered are valid
ones, especially as regards the State
College News. The News does em-
brace a negative attitude, one that
has been passed down from class
to class even from before the time
I spent here previously, three years
ago. So, by and large, the attitude
is not a new one. However that is
not saying that the situation can-
not be altered; it can and should.
But before anything can be done.
the probletn of finding the roots of
this negativism must be solved first.

Since this letter is pointed partic-
ularly to the News, perhaps a good
question to ask is: Why are State
College students, more specifically
those associated with the News, so
given to the negative attitude? I do
not disregard the fact that the at-
titude is an inherited one. but where
did otir predecessors acquire such
an attitude? To answer these ques-
tions, I would ask another ques-
tion: Has anyone ever thought that
perhaps this attitude is not some-
thing cultivated by the student body
alone, but rather, a reflection of
those having the most direct influ-
ence on the student body, namely
the faculty?

To support this seemingly flag-
rant statement before somebody
gets excited, I should like to cite
examples. It is fairly common
knowledge that certain of our in-
structors take a certain amount of
pleasure in pointing out the News
as an example of an outstanding
rotten piece of writii g. Others make
it a habit of dropping rather lucid
remarks of a. derogatory nature af-
ter they have completed a perusal
of their free subscription to the
State College News. I am not say-
ing the News is beyond criticism;
‘ar from it. However, I am saying
that the type of criticism to which
the News is subjected is both un—
fair aiid negative. The criticism is
usually good. but why isn't it made
to the person or persons directly
involved. tiamely, the Editor of the
News? And before the student body
thinks they are getting off scot-
free. I might add. why a'ren’t stu—
dent. criticisms passed on to the
News openly instead of furtively as
11 they \vere ashamed of them? Fur-
thermore. why did the college have
to hire a non-faculty member to
teach a journalism course at State?
Veatig-es of neigativism.

I am not trying to remove the
blame for this general attitude from
the student body; it is indeed most
rampant there. But, I am trying to
explore \ttlllt‘ possibilities for the
existence of State's m-gativism; an
initial exploration, but at least it‘s
an attttnpt and I sincerely hope
that others will be forthcoming.

For the eternal cynic, who by
now 1:. probably saying this is an
attempt by the News to Justify its
mistcin-c, l ~.hould like to mention
that I am \\lllill‘.', this letter not
as .l lllt‘llli)t r of the State (‘ollcge
News, but .is a part of the student
body or that portion thereof, which
is inn-rotted in rcctifying a tire—
.orllit‘. :oiic.»tli.regarded situation.

Sincci'cly,

William A. li'ranlionis ’tiil

 

Notices

Nominations for c a in p u s
Monday,

Wednesday, 10

out-en will be held
'l‘iicsday, and
ilJIl. to .‘l lel.

Declinations will be accepted
'l‘hursday.

('iindidatcs for campus queen
will be judged on school spirit
lactiiitics and participation),
social graci- tiitti'ibutes that set
a girl worthy as a person to
rcprcscnt Albany State), and
physical beauty tgrace and gen-
eral beauty).

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21. 1960

 

 

    

Diet CMMDCN
or .I‘.

 

 

 

"Tats KIND o: ATTITUDE ISNT come TO HELD woo ANV“

vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv

Gammon-glaze;

. ..AAAAAAAAAAAAAAALAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA‘ . .

“Life is spyrogyrit, streptococcus, bacilli, and imbecile."
—Rhoda Levin
WEAK WEEK
The above quote sort of makes living sound like a disease. Yes,
everyone is sick——cither mentally or physically or both. I.L.L. Sick, sick,
sick!
HOLE [N THE HEAD
A certain soccer player really is sick. Who has a bigger hole in his
head-he or the person responsible for not having a doctor available at
all games? Beanies are useftil, and so are the other materials utilized
for that preposterous headgear. but there is a point where Firt Aid ends
and stupidity begins.

0", NO!

Oh, yes! Our whole sOCcer team is sick—sick at heart because their
chances for being qualified to enter the tournament were severely jeopard-
ized by their loss last Tuesday. Defeat is not hard to take when all
possible efforts are made to prevent it. but there is a definite lack of
togetherness among our big three—academics. athletics, and administra-
tion. Principles and policies have their places. but not by books alone do
college men live.

SILLY BOYS!

IFC is also sick if they think that the State University system is
going to present them with the golden key to campus cocktails. Coed
drinking botits are still out.

Well, it was a nice try. Better late than never. The bloodier the
battle field. the greener the grass. It's too bad there had to be such
expensive fertilizer.

WOEI WOE!

There‘s a definite plague spreading through 150. The moans and
groans pouring forth from the sick members sound like “Oh what will
we do with all the freshman girls who won't be able to join a sorority
because of the narrow quotas!" (Not to mention the narrow quarters»
Well, choose the lesser of the two evils: more sisters or more sororities.
HOME TO THE GIUQENFIELDS . . .

. came the sick alumni last weekend. There have been no discus-
sions about. the Homecoming dance at Alden. It seems as if just about
everyone went to the one held at the Circle Inn. State's lost souls are
finding themscIVes and the good ol’ days as well.

()N PRESTIGE

Myskaina is sick too if it thinks that gettingr four people on the car-
pet and then pulling the rug out from under them proves that the tools
run the school. Perhaps it‘s a bit late to mention this, but Rivalry 15
for the frosli and Sophs; a black robe is a sign of dignity, not divinity.

At the risk of rattling tassled skeletons, "to err is human." It's
comforting to know that even our great Myskania must admit to some
frailty.

QI'I'IS'I‘IUN OF THE WEEK:

When is a queen not a queen?

College Ca/endar

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21
'l Jill-10ml pin. Itivairy Debate, Stillil-Fl'tlbll l)ancc, Iirn Inning Itooin
ti-ll‘. pm Phi Delta Open House.

 

 

SA’I'l‘ltliAY, ()("l‘Ulsl‘llt :52

10 oo am. ’I'ug of War, Bl‘\’t'l'\\’)‘(‘k.

9—1:: p.111. SUB “Autumn lt'l‘Uiltf.”

Sl'NliAY, ()("l‘Olililt 23

(1—5 pm. Beta Zeta Statesmcn ()pen llousc.

3-0 pm. (lamina Kappa Phi, Statesmcn Open House.
MONDAY. OCTOBER 24

3:00 pm. Journalism Class. Ilrubaclicr, ltoom 3.
15:00 pm. i“()l'Ulll l’rcscnts John H. Fried, l) 349.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26
8.15 pm. Dr. John Adams, Speaker, lii'ubiicher Lounge.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. OCTOBER 2|.

1960 PAGE 3

 

 

71w 5 clear/11'

By BILL FRANKONIS

The anapest of parabasis are ac-
companied by a flute.
it it it

This is a sterling statement I ran
across while doing a little outside
reading for one of my courses last
week. (That course has since been
changed . . . I am no iOll.‘§Cl‘ in it.)
Nevertheless, being a person with
some amount of curiousity, I de-
cided to find otit just exactly what
hidden meaning lay in that little
gem of rhetoric. And it meant just
exactly what I suspected . . . abso-
lutely nothing. Nothing useful. that.
is; and in this great age of utility,
you jttst don‘t have useless things
hanging around. Especially anapcsts,
even engraved anapcsts. And if I
were that author, I'd be careful how
I used that word parabasis. People
offend easily in this great age of
thin skins and in utcd minds. I
mean, how would you like beingr
called a parabasis? You dirty para-
basis, you. There. How does it feel?

Also, what's all that jazz about
a flute? That‘s just what it is. Jazz,
As uttered in Invillc, but being from
Outville, I don't dig that jazz, man.
Not one miserable anapest of it.

Don’t. get the idea I don‘t like my
courses, it's just that I'm always on
the look otit for them sneaky anar-

chists and red rats. ’cause like it
says in them history books, ‘We got
a dee-inockracy and there ain’t
nothing rotten in that state." And
I believe that jazz, man, ‘cause like,
how can anything be rotten when
we got Hedricks? And rhythm? And
Green Street? And unions? That's
why I'm always looking for them
anarchists and stuff, 'cause I don't
want nothing messin’ up that dee-
mockracy.

Still, I guess since I found my
pesky little line in a school book,
it must have some worth. Especially
since it came out of one of them
big, fat books, ’ciiuse somebody put
a lot. of time into writing them
books: and the guy tor gal) who
typed all them pages must be chew-
ill/J, on his wrists by now. Such peo—

pic must be dedicated, and if there‘s I

anything I understand better than
dedication, it’s destruction. Like that
new game they play: eliminate the
candidate. It's an ingenuity contest
for assasins. tRevolution 154)

Enough tutoring you for today
Go read something else. Anyway,
it‘s time to do some further outside
reading. Something about, “First
above all things was made chaos."
Now there‘s something you can get
your teeth into.

'Meefing Today
For All Seniors

There will be a meeting today, at

1 pm. in Draper 349 for all Senior

and Graduate Students interested

in obtaining a two-year fellowship
award.
Eligibility
You are eligible to apply for a
fellowship if you:

1) Are a citizen, or a minor and
natural child of parents at least
one of whom is a citizen of the
U S

2) Will have been a legal resident
of New York State from Sep—
tember 1960 to September 1961.

3) Are in full-time attendance in
an approved baccalaureate de-
gree program at an accredited
higher institution for the 1960-
61 college year.

4t Will have completed an ap—

proved baccalaureate degree

program by September of 1961.

Have not entered upon graduate

study.

Have not previously competed

for the fellowship.

7t Intend to teach at a college or
university in New York State
upon completion of the grad-
uate course of study.

J1

C“.

Other Fellowships Available
All Seniors and graduate students
interested in fellowship and schol-
arships for graduate study we urge
to attend the meeting today.

Johnson's Study Shows Rate
Of Retention is Higher Here

By ANNE W. SMITH

Every year when the senior can- Fact Z—The faculty and student
dldatcs for graduation are compiled body differ in opinion of rate of
and compared with the original list retention. Faculty members are In-
of entrants this number is markedly clined to believe the retention here
smaller. Many reasons are tossed is higher than other institutions in
about in cafeterias, student lounges. general. The students believe the

the student Union, etc. Speculation
about the faults of State College
is at a premium. But over and above
the reasoning and speculation is
that single, somewhat-worried ques-
tloii, "Why?" No one seems to be
able to offer an adequate explana-
tion.

An adequate explanation (we
thinkt of the situation is now avail-
able, in the form of a recently com-
pleted report on the retention of
students at Albany State. by Dr.
Mauritz Johnson, a former Professor
of Education here, and written un-
der the sponsorship of the Commit-
tee oii Studies. It was conducted to
determine the extent of student
retention here, when, and how with-
drawals leave, and how they differ
from persisters.

These are the essential facts as
compiled by the report.

Fact 1—499 percent of the en—
trants of the class of ’57 graduated
by August four years after entering
State College. The national median
of withdrawal has been 39.5 percent
craduated in four years.

 

 

It's what's gp front that counts

 

Up front is LFILTER-BLWENQJ and only Winston has it!

Rich, golden tobaccos specially selected and specially
processed for full flavor in filter smoking.

 

 

  
  

II J. llcynolds ’l‘obucco (Runway, \l'iiiiton-Siilcia, N. t‘.

 

 

opposite is true.

Fact 3—766 percent of withdraw-
als take place during the first two
years. The rate of withdrawal of
men is slightly, but consistantly,
higher than that for women.

Fact 4—Students remaining were
better students in high school, usu-
ally not residents of the capital
district, and earned higher quality
points in their ﬁrst year here.

Fact 5—62 percent of the initial
entrants who withdrew are replaced
by transfer students. Less than 10
percent of the withdrawals are re-
admitted.

Fact 6—60 percent of the student
body considered withdrawing at one
time or another. Reasons cited were
discouragement, loss of self-conﬁ-
dence and dissatisfaction. Reasons
for actual withdrawal are academic
difﬁculty, romantic problems, or
change of vocational objective.

Fact 7—Five aspects of the col-
lege mentioned by the students as
needing improvement were (1) stu-
dent-faculty relations, (2) marking
system, (3) rules and regulations,
(«It the campus, facilities and (5)
living conditions.

Fact B—This study has been made
and the above statements have been
established as fact. It has been turn-
ed over to the faculty and admin-
istration for action.

The writer of the study included
several recommendations for the
administration to improve retention.
There are suggestions for if) re—
cxamining policies and regulations
relating to housing, hours, atten-
dance, probation, and marking, (2|
seeking ways of preserving and im-
proving faculty relationships with
the students as persons, and (3)
making withdrawal a more difﬁcult
and guided process.

'The ideas set forth in the Reten-
tion Report are of prime concern to
the student body. Retention is of
essential importance in adding and
withdrawing, liberal arts, educa-
tional and co-curricular courses, in
housing and in student activities.
The faculty has set a retention rate
of 74.8 as the most desirable goal.
It is definitely not impossible and
is most likely probable that this goal
can be reached if Student Associa-
tion and the Administration com-
municate on a more compatible and
understanding basis.

Society Takes
NewMembers

At the last meeting of the N. Y.
Beta chapter of the national honor—
ary mathematics fraternity, Kappa
Mu Epsilon, the following new mem-
bers were initiated:

Miss Jane DeSantis, Professor of
If.‘(iLt('Ltil()ll, and Mr. John ’i‘herrien,
Professor of Mathematics; Neal
Warren, 'l‘lieodore Anderson, Rich-
ard Morgan. Franc-i: Oswald, grad—
uates.

Evelyn Barret, Richard Breen.
Judith (lcrhardt, Nancy Hutton,
Martha Pollack, Seniors.

James Brooknig, Stean Byron.
(lary Dibble, Patricia li‘anchcr,
Leigh Jancs, ltldgar hanger, i.\'()l)t‘l‘t
Nenno, Lynnette Parker, Arlene
Qtllllli, Nancy Seleznow, Carole
Sherman, William Story, Kay Wa—
terman, Dean Wilder, Juniors.

Elected at the May baiiouet were
the following new officers for the
your:

President, Clyde Beardsley '61.
Vice~Presidciit, ltfargarct Sherwood
’61; Recording Secretary. Evelyn
Barret ’61; Corresponding Secretary,
Mr. Elton Butler. Professor of Math—
ematics; 'l‘reasurer, David Donley
'o’l.

’l‘lie first fall meeting will be Wed-
nesday, October 26 at 8 p.111. in
Draper Hit. Miss DeSantis of Milne
will be the speaker.

 

