PAGE 6

 

...w....._..,_...._.. .,.. . V , , H a vi.‘v§wwjm~E-md-i&

' uvn—w. . .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. MARCH II. 1960

 

J/aude allow %
‘55!

Initiations take the lead for news
in Greek row this week. Also, open
houses and coffee hours will be tak-
ing place in sorority activities.

Kappa Delta

Nancy McGowan '60, President,
announces that the following were
initiated into tiie sorority Sunday
evening: Shirley Brach. Carol Clif-
ton. Judy Cobb, Lillian Skadberg.
Aim Smith. Andrien Weddigen,
Sophomores; and Dawn Alexander,
Judy Brenner. Barrie Cohn. Jody
Conway, Candy DelPan. Jan De-
Vonls, Marcia English. Mary Lou
Eisenman, Judy Johnson, Gail Min-
tque. Doris Muhlich, Colista NichoLs,
Geraldine Schleiffer, Augusta Spell-
inan. Jill Weitz, Irene Wister. Marie
Zongrone, freshmen.

Ii. has also been announced that
a coffee hour with Potter Club will
be held Monday at 8:30 p m.

Psi Gamma

Mildred Pasek '60. President. an-
nounces that the following fresh-
men have been initiated: Sandra
Burris, Phyllis Cipolla. Audrey Cra-
mer. Mary Dobeck, Mildred F'loser,
Tamara Gurik, Barbara Gutberlet,
Judy Jones. Marilyn Lieberman,
Adrienne Marosek. Barbara Martin,
Emily Morlock, Rosemary Petruck,
Barbara Samuels. Carol Shuckrow,
Gloria Smith, Joan Webber, and
Enid Whipple.

An open house Will be held for
statesmen Sunday from 3-5 pm.

Gamma Kappa Phi

Marcy Van Leuven '60, temporary
President, announces that the fol—
lowing were initiated Sunday: Vera
Mraz '62; and Joan Appleyard, Helen
Ashbury, Jeannie Bivona, Mary Cull,
Susan Danitz, Ann Dugan, Susan
Gardner. Susan Gersten. Judy
Grabel. Mary Joyce Parker, Suzanne
Platt, Christine RobinSon, Jean Tul-
ly, Linda White, freshmen.

Beta Zeta

Phyllis Mallory ‘60. President, an-
nounces that the following have
recently been initiated: Lois Smith
and Mary Lou Pressick, Juniors;
Shelly Gruber, Dale Jagccnann,
Sheryl McCormick, Susan MacFar—
lane, Inez Piu‘vins, Sophomores; and
Deanna Abi'amson, Mary Ann Char—
iton, Lorraine Crispell, Cornelia
Crowley, Mildred Fletcher, Phyllis
Gi'azi'ino, Judy Hall, Judy Hogan,
Mary Lynn Johnson, Joan Norton,
Janet Schmeddmg, and Gail Wack-
crow, freshmen.

An open house for RPI will be held
Sunday from It to  p.m. Also. a
roller: hour for Kappa Beta will be
held Monday i'\i‘llllll.',.

OralReadings
Start Tuesday

The first of tlic ()i‘iil Readings
from lchl'dtlll'c for this semester
‘.‘.lil take place ’l'uciiay evening at
ti pm. in Draper 349.

'I'hc participaiiis will be directed
by Dr Jarka Bill‘l.ill, Assistant Pro~
li‘:.h'il' of English. All will read lit—
erature i'clating to the theme of the
evening, Satire. Donna. li‘orer will
read Through the Looking (llatss by
Lewis Carrol, followed by [.conu
(.‘otighlin who will read from Anatole
it"rancc’s Penguin islilnd. 'l'he otlici'
pii'ticlpants arc Itiiui liarbcnii who
will rciid from The New Sin by Mair
ltoniili Kirov and ltobci'l l':iif’l who
will rind A Model Proposal by
Jiiiliitililll Swtit, All faculty and
students are inviti'd to this program.

SCRIPTEAIE SUI. UTION

t
Rs
110

     

 

   
   

I
l

‘o 0"
:vx 3,
3* to
nab ‘

ex A new as

 

inlhi m 21in D‘i‘lb.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Phi Delta

The following freshmen were in-
itiated Sunday afternoon, announces
Donna Harris ’60, President: Linda
Bruder, Pamela Carter, Betty Chi-
pak, Connie Culver, Nancy Davis,
June Druiari, Judy Fernandes, Bar—
bar-a Iko, Diane Lehmone, Joan Lud-
wig, Renle Macinskl, Marion Nar-
duzzo. Lynne Puff, Jean Ross, and
Donna Wetsig.

Last Monday evening Linda Moel-
ler and Patricia Reagan, freshmen,
were pledged. Monday night there
will be an initiation service.

Sigma Phi Sigma

Sheila Eckhaus ’60, President, an—
nounces that the following have
been initiated into the sorority:
Nancy Altman, Alice Dean, Mau—
reen Green, Leslie Kaplan, Barbara
Lang, Linda Lazar, Merike Silbey,
Joan Schwartz, Audrey Weiner,
Alice Zappert, and Rosalind Zeich—
ner, freshmen.

Chi Sigma Theta

Nancy Lou Ryan ’60, President,
announces that the following were
initiated Sunday: Sylvia Juriga ’61;
Gidget Mathusa, Jeanette Leggieri,
Helen Arcuri, Sophomores; and
Linda Conca, Katherine Aim, Mona
Zandri, Mary Alice Lynaugh, Beverly
Perry, Sharon Parr, Lorraine Le-
Crau, Freida Rapp, Mary O'Keefe,
Jean Davis, Judy Davis, Arlene
Paciunos. Rosemarie Reccasi, and
Esther Keith, freshmen.

Kappa Beta

Jack 'I‘rombly '60, President, an-
nounces that the pledges, of which
Gaiy 'I‘rudell '63 is pledge-captain,
will hold a party for the brothers
Saturday. March 19, at the Fort
Orange.

An open house will be held Sun-
day, March 20, from 3-5 pm.

 

 

DEADLINES:

on orders for Commencement Announcements

and Name Cards—March 

on orders for Moving-Up-Day and Commencement

Caps and Gowns—April 8
These Deadlines are set as late as possible, they

cannot be extended. Orders are now being taken in the

CO—OP

SPECIAL Color ENLARGEMENT 39c

ORDERS may still be placed for
UNIVERSITY RINGS

at the CO—OP. Only $5.00 deposit required. Orders placed
before Easter Vacation will be sure of arriving by May 20.
Orders placed after Easter can be mailed to your summer

address.

 

Son The Dinah Shore Chevy Show in color Sundays. NBC-TV—The Pat Boone Chevy Showroom weekly, ABC-TV

 

 

CAR 0R

SIX-PASSENGER

STATION SEDAN
...00RVAIR is BOTH!

sedan load sparr- Wllll the. rear seat folded. And
when that's lull you can ~l.u'l on the trunk.

A wonderfully useful folding seat makes every
Corvair two cars in one. Just one quick flip and you
increase the luggage and parcel space to 28.9 cubic
feet. And just as simply, you're back to comfortable
six-passenger capacity. It's standard equipment
. . . and extraordinarily practical.

(Iorvziir, you scc, is no ordinary compact
car. No others are. so versatile, so ingeniously
cngineercd--— wilh independent suspension at
all four wheels, an air-cooled rear engine
that never needs water or antifreeze. You just

(lorvaii' dot-s cur-pool duty with the biggest can't compare anything else coming out

and best of. them. Going to work or school or these days with a (lorvair. lli'ivc one . . . soon.
out for [he evening, you've got a genuine ‘ . *

six-sctiicr. .'\~ for curling .irounrl lilli“ of. slilll‘ ’1'" 'l"”"“_’”“"', 
lilsluuil UlllICIIIJlU, jilsi lUUl’t iii Colluii'B slutluu- "Hau’lm’ilulw"- By cﬂfvﬂom

 

 

 

Drive itwit's fun-tastic.’ See your local authorized Chevrolet dealer for fast delivery, favorable deals.

 

 

 

 

 

 

State College News

 

 

 

Senate:

Senate OK's News Budget;
Rivalry Cost Is Questioned

By CAROL MALLOZZI
The State College Newe will have

a surplus of approximately one
thousand dollars from their 1959-
1960 budget. News Board requested
that $725. of this surplus be incorp-
orated into it new line for the pur-
chase Of a new typewriter and ad-
dressograph. This line addition was
approved by Senate.
Senate Budget Approved

The 1960—1961 budget for Student
Senate was approved. The estimate
of the cost of Rivalry was question-
ed and the Vice-President was asked
for a breakdown of Rivalry expenses.
After leafing throngh an important
looking; folder. she was unable to
come up with anything, but things
being as they ill‘(, the budget was
passed without further questions.
Senators should at least wait until
their questions are answered before
voting.

To date only six (iI'L’ilIll'lilillOllS have
submitted their budgets. The dead-

SUB Holds
Bridge Night

Student Unicn Board will sponsor
a Faculty-Flirtian Bridge Night
Thursday. which 24, iii Briibacher
i'pper Lounge at 7:30 pm.

Faculty teams will be matched
against student teams. All faculty
members and students interested
should contact Janice Graham ’60.
’I‘liirrizis Vianese ’63, or Mrs. Merlin
Hathaway, Director of Bi'ubacher
Hall by Wednesday evening.

Refreshments will be served dur-
ing the bridge party. Student Union
Board committee members will serve
the rcfi'eshiiicnts.

The Bridge Night is a part of Sin-
dent Union Board's bridge program.
In addition to the special Faculty-
Studcnt Night, Miss Graham wishes
to remind bridge players of games
every Thursday night in Briibaclir r

Seniors Plan
June Program

OfGraduation

'l‘lii- i-iioyyiiic people li.i\'c bccii
.‘d‘ﬂ'LLt‘tl iii i'l\'i' ll» ('lliill‘llif‘ll Ul
Si'lllol' \‘t'ccl; activities, which will
taki- pliii'c June 1—5. (leiicral chair-
man oi thi- Senior events is Class
Vice—President lice Upcrnft. Wed-
nesday t'H‘lllll‘l. June I, the Swiiior
Party will be held with I'liilip Shep—
herd as chairman.

lliinquct

Nzilii‘; l.|lll livun is lll i'liiii'iii' ol
llli' Senior Banquet Which Will take
placc on 'l'liiii'-.d;iy cvciiniu, June 2
The iollouyniir, evening the Senior
it: i will be lli‘lil, with Ncll Jiii'iii;-;ki
.ind l"i'iiii .l.iiiicl-: .i. t’i‘lli‘l'lil chair—
llll ii l).i\'id i"chlni.ili \\lll Wi'lic tlic
’l‘orvh Night ,ltli and llhoda Levin
\ii.l diii-i'i ll

'l'orcli Night

liili'll NliLlii i-ci'ciiioiiii-s will he
bandit-t o. i‘ii i’rcsi'iciit l’anl
Hook-~31 and (miss. Sccrcliii'v Donna
il.iiii.-. 1. ill t li.ll';’t‘ oi cliupi-roni-s

 

Waders

All additions and corrections
for menls to be listed iii the So—
cial ('iilcndzir must be reported
to ('iiidy Iiodgt- '63 this week.
Dates may not be changed after
this period.

In addition, all organizations
should start to plan tentative
dates for next year's calendar.
These dates must be sulnnitted
by the end of the week following
Easter vacation and will be sub—
ject to change by the Social (‘al-
endar (,‘onunittee.

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. MARCH 18. 1960

Juniors Feature Dean Lanford Announces
Richard Maltby College Doctoral Program

Bv ED MANGELSDORF

Dean Oscar E. Lanford, Dean of the College, has an.-
nounced informally that the Regents of New York State
have authorized a Doctoral program for the New York State
College of Education at Albany. This program will enable
graduate students to obtain a degree of Doctor of Educa~
tion. It is anticipated that the program will commence in

line was March 15. If these organ-
izations and their Treasurers coop-
erated, Student Government would
have the chance to at least be effi—
cient. The brunt of the criticism
falls on Senate. but without the co-
operation of all the organimtions,
Senate cannot possibly do a good
job.

In order to have a good working
Senate, representing all the students
at State College, the Junior Class is
going to have to get out and Vote.
At least one hundred Juniors must
vote in order to even validate the
election. Let's get together Juniors
and elect at least interested people.
Elections which began yesterday will
continue through today.

Editor’s Note: 'l'iie Senate column
last week carried the names of Sally
O‘Coiniti'. Sandra Dieter. Ann
Eiriiiih. James Clavell. Charles Fow-
ler, Tony D'Orioi'rio, Barbara Glady-
Sli“.\‘l('.’, Patricia Woiiioski, Richard
Kelly. and Pamela Carter as up-
oroycd iiii-iiibci's of Camp Commit—
c. It was incorrectly stated thiii
these '.\ci'i' members of Camp
Board.

Distributive Ed.
Club Sponsors
Salesman Clinic

Reno Krouse. Professor of Mir—
eliandising, iinnoiuices that Distrib-
utive Education Club will sponsor its
ninth annual merchandising clinic
Monday through Friday. The theme
of the tlllll(', which will be conduct-
rd ill the iiicri-liiindisiiig‘ laboratory,
Draper 147. “ill be “Merchandising
’l‘rciitis in the 60's.“

Each day during, the Week. differ-
i'llI put-s1 spcakcrs will address Stati-
~lUili'illS who will in the future be
Ii"ii'lllil' llli'l't'llilllillslllﬂ, subjects.
'llli- p‘npost- (ll Il:i‘ clinic is to illi'i‘
'lic :.l,‘tl(l(‘lll.‘i an opportunity to bcne—
fit from the \:id i'T-illl‘lli‘lll‘i- and
iriiiiiini oi tilllrldlltlllli', li‘iiilt‘l'“ iii
the field of incriiiaiidisiiiy

.loc (.‘iitiii-iil. l‘i'laiiciit ill the
t‘lub, ll.i.; announced the ioliowinii;
ii i oi :-pc.il<cr:', Illi'll' :.iil):ccis and
lllt' Illlll‘ oi tlicu' appearance,

llari'v Sealoi'd. oi the llclir—Miiii-
lilliu (‘onipuiiy ‘.'.lll speak Monday
at 11 .im on "industrial Markciing
l’roblcin;~” At iiooii living M. lioii-
ion. who is di play niaiiaccr of ihc
Woolworth Coinpiinv, will talk on
"Display Policies in .i Chain Store."

Jaincs It}. Tlliillliih‘, Scci'i-tary of the
Cdpltdl l'Ilcctrotype Company, will
pciik at 2 |i.lll.. Monday.

The \r’ice-l’residcnt and Division
I‘di-i'cliiiiidiuiiiu Manager oi l.lll' W,
M Whitney Company, Charles W.
\N’hcclvr, will speak ’i‘iic:.iiiiy at ‘J
pm on the topic "llll_\'ill' ’l'i-thnb
quc. ill the l.)cp.iiiiiicni Siorc" At
3 pin (‘lcincnt l’ lit-ctn-r Sulcs
.\liiii:i-'i-i oi liir .‘.hl{i .i: i'olii.
(,‘iili.li:ill\, '.\lll Mill-z on ‘Wimt i’l'li'i‘
Your l.llc"

.loiiii lihc oi ilic l'obiii Parking
Harmony, will show i Illili, "'liic
l"il I l’ii/c Story," of ii .i Ill , 'l'liurs
div Ill’ll'lill|:‘ At noon immu- li'uiln.
i’icsidcnl oi tho- lt.i'.i c lhnpiiiy (ioni-
II;lll‘-. \\‘lil .Iii'ill. ill 'i’i'llii'lplcs oi
l)i~.pl.iy."

’l'huisdziy' lllll‘illihill liai'i'y W
.‘ﬁlo k, tlic (li‘lil'liil Manager of the
iiniclU‘rlmclicr-Ncus, will lull-1 at ‘1
pm on "Aiiii-iiisiiii' tlic lliisis oi
()Ill' l'coiioniy " Ai 1i pin ltnbcit W
Hloiiiiii, lllt‘ t\il‘.i‘lll. lini, Miiiiiigcr of
('.’\II' lllilll‘li'll‘fa, lili', \\1ll s|iciik oli
llli‘ Illli' "l'i'oiiiolilig lillil b‘clliiiy,
liiiiiislildl Products,"

Ai'tiiui' Knpnci‘, it..’,i‘il[ for the
(‘iilllll‘t'llt‘lll Mutual Life insurance
(‘oiiipniiy', will speak Friday at 2
p m on “How to Sell Air Intangible."

The Personnel Mnnugcr of Kirby
Cleaner Company, liarold Perry, will
talk at 3 p m on "l)enion.~,u'ating
Your Product in the Home."

I:

Nominations for the Junior Prcm
Court opened yesterday and will
continue until 4 ]).1ll. this afternoon.
Any girl who is nominated and
wishes to decline may do so Monday.
Primary election for members of the
court will be held Tuesday with only
Juniors voting. Final elections for
the Queen will be Friday.

Bids for the Junior Prom weekend
are now on sale for the general stu-
dent body at a price of $4 per couple.
This will include the From and the
Masquerade Party. Admission to the
jazz concert will be free. Anyone
wishing to attend the Masquerade
Party only may purchase a ticket
for $1. However, anyone wishing to
attend the Prom only must still pay
S4.

The Masquerade Party will be held
at the Polish Center nth Friday
from 8-12 pm. with music by the
Crusaders (‘ostiilnes may be any-
thing from .! Rdlllill toga to Ber-
IllllflllS.

Richard Malib'.‘ and his famed
orchestra will play at the Crimson
Cotillion Saturday. March 26. at the
Sheraton—Ten Ey'ck from 10 p.111. to
2 am. The jazz. concert Sunday will
be at Brubiiclicr from  p m. and
will feature music by thi- St. James-
Soc-iciv.

State Hosts
STA Science

Conference

The 'Tw. lftli Annual Eastern New
York Science Congress will be held
Saturday, March 26, from 10 liJll. to
4:30 pm. in Hosted and Richardson
Halls. 'l‘lns cvcnt is sponsored by
the Science 'l‘cachers Association of
New York State. Eastern Section
All Stile .~iudcnts are invited to at—
tend.

'i‘lie ’l‘ai-liili Annual Eastern New
York :; li'll f‘ Congress is part of a
.sl.;iii‘-'.'.iil‘ ,nwuraiii whereby Junior
and Senior huh school students
«'viiipi'i- i i'. various ])l'l'/('.‘~i and the
i‘lidlb'i‘ 'i illilillly liil‘ Llli‘ l‘iidll'
l“lllit:.  i but in Finalist. the stu—
(li‘ill :: Illl‘ .vjipiil'lllliii. ii “'lll ii
i‘liiiliis. i}; .iw i l‘c‘s‘di'il lul i'lll'
sl.li;i.l. ".l‘dl' ll :ii llli‘ iii-id oi
,. li‘liia‘

Siiidcid- .bll'A .. gin»: iii [in pro—
Chain 'iz'isd jil'l';\.tli 1L prop-ct lli‘.il*
mm, min rwllil‘ illnt it of l)liil~;.‘,}',
chemistry, or Illlfv'wli‘m. Students Illllsl
cari". out the i'i-sciii'cii for their pro
yet-ts ciiiiiciv on their own The i‘illi
iiiiiiiiiioii oi Llli‘ll‘ efforts comes wlicii
thcy' .i-i up .i dcnioiisii'aiioii oi llli'll
proyeci in llll‘ Si'li‘lli‘c (,‘oiiui‘es:.

'i'lii-sc .il‘i‘ palm-d .iccoi'dii).; to tecli~
iiicai skill. llllii‘iiulilllll'ni.
.1ll(l ])l‘i‘.s|‘lll,lltli)ll

Iriiginaiity',

 

The newly i-li-ctcd members of Myakania are. shown above.
Daugherty, \icii (‘liuli'riiiui; Mary Jane Shephard, Chairman; (lull Kaspariun.

September of 1960.

VOL. XLV. NO. 9

Fields of Availability
The EdD degree will be available in the ﬁeld of School

DGA Presents
William's Play

The first of two presentations of
Advanced Drainaties productions
this semester will take place in the
Little Theater, Richardson 290.
Tuesday and Wednesday evenings.
The two plays which have been se-
lcctcd for production are “The Un-
saiisfiietory Supper" by Tennessee
Williams, and “Aria Da Capo" by
Edna St. Vincent Millay'.

Frcy'da Craw '61, assisted by Ern-
est Foster ‘62. will direct the Wil—
liams' play. Appearing in the cast
cast will be llelcn Vogt '62 and Paul
'I‘Lirsc and Lenore Rninpino, Juniors.

"Aria Da Capo" will be direeted by
John Griffin, assisted by Madeline
Riiiledge '61! The cast will include
George Cavaniiugh ’61, Anne Smith
and Paul Villain. Sophomores, and
Albert Bright and Theodore Aldrich,
ircslinit-ii,

Frosh Handbook
Staff Chosen

Elaine Housei' and Clifford Deni—
orest, Sophomores, have been ap-
pointed as (Jo-Editors oi the Fresh-
nuur Handbook by Rosemary Kverck
and Barbara Libous, (Jo-Editors oi
liis‘i Muir‘s book.

;\ staff consisting of I'i't-slinii-i:
.inii Hoplioiiioi'cs, will begin work on
1hr .‘i iidbook iiiiinediiitciy

Stuff

i\ii‘lli|1t‘l;i oi the staff for tire l'l‘Utsll
Handbook for the- class of 1064 iii—
il.dc Miss lloii-cr and lJt-iiioicsi.
l’cail Hiicriiian, Betty chni, lu‘iii'l
Well-mi; Sophoriiorcs; ltosc Miiicar,
l’.iiiiil.i Carter, Joseph l..iMonica,
Don:th Alli‘ll. (it‘l'iildlllc Svllh‘llt’l'
iii' l‘.(l\‘.ill(l ,\l.lll,‘l‘l\(l()ll lli“<.llllll'l.

Meeting

I'.l:.- lloLisei' .ind Deniorcsi .in-
iioiiiicc iiii tii'uiiiimitionitl iiicciini,’ in
be held Tuesday evening at 7 pm.
111 Brubnchcr Hull. At this time .i..«
signmenis will be given out

Administration. Primarily, this pro-
gram is for the preparation of prin-
cipals, vice-principals, and other
chief school officers. However, this
is only one phase of the program.
It is expected that other programs
for the preparation of school guid-
ance officers, school psychologists,
and other positions of education
specialization will be added as the
program gets underway. Similarly, it
is also expected that a Doctoral pro-
gram for the training of college
teachers, mainly in the Social Sci-
ences and the Humanities, will be
added.
Duration of Study

This program will enable a student
to receive a Doctorate degree in the
licld of Education in a minimum of
three years beyond it Bachelor’s de-
ui‘cc If the student has ample cred-
it toward his Master's degree, and if
his Master's derree is relative to the
field of his Doctorate degree then
it is expected that the student could
obtain his Doctorate degree in three
years.

Dean Comments

Hi)\'.0Vt‘l'. it was streSsed by Dean
Laiii'ord that there is no assurance
of ii student completing this pro-
gram in three years because the
tlllllll'lSlS will be placed upon the
competence that a student acquires
rather than the total semester hours
oi credit that he accumulates. The
main purpose of this plan is to de-
.i-lop i'iillllii'ii‘llt'_‘ and ability in the
:Llltli'lll. in certain specified areas
oi education. Dean Iiiinford said
this .iboui the program: “This pro-
11111!“ i l.i.i‘il upon the philosophy"
that l';.lll .itiwii l:. rooted in [lie so-
ciety first supports it. The cduca—
'iiilliil li‘liili‘l' bciirs dirt-ii. responsi-
Liziiiy ior iidyancing public welfare
it is bred on the philosophy that.
pi'ouranu iii .idniinistraiioii should
be built upon a thorough knowledge
of the disciplines oi the Social Sci-
i‘l.l‘(' iizl llli' iii.iii.ii..i:s"

('ampus Expansion?

’l‘liis progi'iiiii. to lit-,[lll ni Septem.
bcl‘, is only one plia .l‘ of A Wide cur-
riculum. As the program develops it
will broaden its scope of other fields.

Bottom row l.-r. James Kelly; James

Secretary; Barry Deixler.

l'arlimrntarian. Sicond ltow, I.-r. Susan James, Barbara (lladysiewic'r, John Sullivan, Anthony ll’Onoi’riu.

'l‘op liow: Donald lioniilo, Barbara leous, James (‘lul‘elL Treasurer;

Louis Wolner.

 

