The stage is set; tonight the show.

 

At last we‘re organized!

 

«new» .< ,

 

0! course I’m on the job.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4. 1960

STATE COLLEGE THEATER

PART 1

 

Be/u'nJ 711a gamed

The experience of the average theater-goer begins and
ends with the show, and seldom does he ralize that the
theater consists of more than just the actor on the stage.
He seldom takes into consideration that such things as
scenery, lighting, costumes, make-up, and props are not
self-produced; that they are created and evolved by people
every bit as much an artist as the playwright, the director,
the actor.

In the modern concept of “organic staging,” which
calls for complete integration of every aspect of the the-
atrical production, each of these areas takes on tremendous
import, and this increased importance calls for tight, co—
ordinated cooperation.

The scene designer must first interpret just what kind
of setting is called for by the play. Then, he must conceive
of his set, sketch it, draw it, make a model of it and begin
work on the actual set. That is, he may begin work pro—
vided his set has been worked out in conjunction with all
the other departments involved. Finally, he can settle down
to building his set, a job of gruelling, intricate proportions
requiring time, energy, and patience, and very often result-
ing in little more than a product that is changed and mold-
ed at almost every turn of the mind.

All this while, the other stage artists are not standing
by idle. The costume and make-up departments are busy
fashioning and planning with eyes cast towards what is
happening in other departments, especially in lighting and
scenery. The properties department is meticously reading
the play and collecting the props for which it calls. Amidst
it all, the lighting director works quietly and brilliantly, to
create an almost magical effect which can heighten or even
set a mood.

Perhaps this all sounds very professional, very Broad-
way and indeed, it is, but that is not for saying that it is
limited to Broadway. The same procedure is followed in the
State College Theater, and the time and effort put into it is
exhausting, but to those involved, it is also rewarding.
Through it all, there exists and grows a spirit of faculty—
student cooperation pointed towards one common goal: the
show!

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4. 1960

 

 

You don't drink, M'sieur. You wear.

 

Now one of these must be the sun.

 

Well, it looked like a bar!

'. ()m--t\\'o»threi-,, kirk!

 

 

Cheez. not a spender in the place.

0n $1693

“Curtain going up! Curtain going up!"

You drop your cigarette in the sand-filled urn and en-
ter the theater. You take your seat, the house lights dim,
and the curtain rises slowly. Your breath catches in anti-
cipation of the action about to unfold before you. The
drama begins, weaving its captive spell, catching you up in
it and carrying you along in a world that is almost, but not
quite, like that in which you live.

This magical world of the theater is often denied to
many people, for, practically speaking, the cost of a ticket
to a professional show, coupled with the wait usually in-
volved before tickets can be obtained, is greatly discourag-
ing. Through the State College Theater, however, the
opportunity to View first—rate dramatic productions is pre—
sented to all of State College as well as to people in sur-
rounding areas. Furthermore, the opportunity for students
and faculty to participate actively in drama is afforded,
one that would otherwise be sorely missed.

The Theater presents three dramatic productions a
year under the faculty direction staff assisted by student
directors. The work is exacting and tedious, but the grind
is forgotten once the audience is seated and the curtain
goes up. Then it is only the theater, only the drama, only
the magic.

 

 

Please, lady, don't call the cops!

He was not properly iced.

 

 

eh...“ / a.

 

  
  

0 Rangers flnh and Joe, on
--.now [v.livul III .I New Hind,
haw Lilo-n .I shall in! in
[hi-u mm- In (.dlllp below:
an .imnu.“ lllllH hll/lulil . ..

 
   
   
     
     
   
    
    

     
  
  

 

  

  
  

‘ /‘-.I-’UUN[) llfl' bf” lOM AND Hi
N‘HNI MAI \‘NOW if M)! Will“ I) I
AVAl ANNIE NA 1 NHL) Nf Hut.)

 

 

 

Then why are all the lights out?

Jill M 7/0” Nd -
GNow H'r'rM MM
mli cm! A“;
NAM we V FUR

       

   
 

Vle FUY WW
Hum H ‘l' M lll'f»! l f
Atom CIGAR! l VIC,

 
 

.‘ “,‘v ''' " 3 AN ‘
 . LIMA!)

      
 

  

WH- r Hum l
( hiMul ll]

Note: When an "avalanche
slope" is in delicate balance,
the slighlusl Vibration in lhe
air, such as Bob's shout, WI“
cause it to let go.

    
   

   

 

- wceaov‘s GOT IT...
AT BOTH ENDS!
GOT 'lHE FHJEK,
GOTTHE BLEND!

 
     
 

 

 

(£ng a? 7in m1 THE RIGHT TASTE BECAUSE
Viceroys got it... 5.,
Th ends l

   

 

0 won, BROWN 5 mumnsuu mm \U time.

 

 

 

