PAGE 2 STATE

Left In The Suitcase?

Through the Press Conference the Albany State dele—
gates found that the justification for having a faculty ad—
visor on publications rested on the belief that he is needed
to train the students. If extra-curricular activities are to
be a learning process, where would the training otherwise
come from? This question invites a variety of answers.

The examination of faculty advised newspapers of state
schools showed that with rare exception all seemed to be
ignorant to the codes of good journalism. We question just
how valuable an advisor is in such a situation where stu-
dents are publishing such erratic newspapers?

Remarkable, also, is the fact that year after year the
faculty advisors bring their student editors to the annual
conference. The conference is designed to help improve
their publications. Eminent people in the journalism field
instruct a variety of workshops which discuss editorial
policies, literary standards, headlines, and newspaper re—
sponsibilities to the campus.

The conclusions reached give all indications of being
ignored by the representatives or otherwise left in their
suitcases and not put into practice back home.

For this conference, state school budgets allocated a
substantial amount of money to send their editors under
the line known as “improvement of the newspaper." Curi—
ously, one Western school spent $400 to send five students
for five hours of instruction. Will this money put a new look
on their papers?

If you were to objectively analyze the newspapers
which were represented at this conference, you could not
help but find that there was no substantial improvement
in their style, make-up, or literature from year to year.
Since this is the case, the learning process theoretically
enhanced by the faculty advisors is not apparent.

We thus ask, is the maintenance of a faculty advisor
justified by the quality of the newspaper published under
that system? “Is the education process bankrupt?”

Why Rush Rushing?

Since our freshman year we have witnessed three rush-
ing periods and are firmly convinced that State sororities
should institute a deferred rushing period with rushing
beginning second semester of the freshman year.

A plan of this type would enable the freshmen to be-
come fully acquainted with State College and its oppor-
tunities. More time would also be available for freshmen to
decide whether or not they need a sorority to round out
their social activity.

The first year of college is a period or adjustment.
Freshmen need the first semester to accustom themselves
to the routines of school, to decide how much time they
need for studying, and how much time they can devote to
extracurricular activity and Greeks.

Deferred rushing would benefit the freshmen girls
still further in that they would have an entire semester in
which to get to know the sorority girls on a much more
informal basis without being pressured or swayed by first
impressions which are definitely prevclent during the pres—
ent concentrated eight-week period. Just as freshman girls
may be disillusioned, sorority members, too, often fail to
really know prospective pledges before bidding. Everyone
deserves an equal chance; hasty judgements result in an-
guish. I

There is always the phrase of “dirty rushing" as an
excuse for opposing a plan of this type. Mature college
students should realize that in order to prevent this a gen-
uine effort must be made by all.

This honest effort could be demonstrated through a
coffee hour sponsored by [SC for all freshmen girls at the
start of rushing second semester. A feeling of unity could
repress the antagonistic feelings which should have no
place on our campus. '

We say reduce the pressure and remove the pain -
try deferred rushing!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

Vrii XIiV Non iiiiiii ll iiiiiii \o Jii
IM‘HMHhhde2wwqu1oiﬁHH “LuiyiiMIH’miwﬂiiV to
pmnmdini,hmm,«ﬁlm-Umml.mflwlv Mwiwmm ho i.n,o'
Anmewn

f.l.\.‘.n linkiiii
it."iifi£."\ii:\ iiitiii’.i
toilifiil‘ (ilzfilfs‘ilili‘l'
Iiti'll‘ii'i \‘i’i-‘i'i Inii
i"i.Aii"Ji‘I itUMA i i)¥‘.‘.‘ii‘ii i i l
‘.'. IIii ii\‘.l 11 . . i ,
LINDA lii‘i. .i.‘, , . j
i5.~\l(li.»\ltA ‘r‘lii‘..'ii.’~ftii‘.i( o. r. .. v\. .i i ,
VMMHHIVWII twiowmimliw mo MHM
MI'ZIL'I‘ Sli'l'lfi‘litii.\."‘ll n. . 1
IAMI'ZH HUI’HIII'ilci'Y for. .i‘ i..v ripoi l

Iaiiiilii’ !.iiil'.i

".l..i i

     

 

Vllqwmrdiﬂ‘y .‘Ki i‘..olo whim» iIII. iii..l.

 

COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 11. 1960

Focus .
0n Faculty

By ELAINE ROMATOWSKI

Dr. John Ralph Tibbetts, Profes—
sor of Education, has centered his
entire career around the fields of
Education and Guidance. We are
both grateful and proud to be able
to claim his as a member of our
faculty.

Early Life

Born in Naples. New York, Dr.
Tibbetts received his early educa—
tion in various schools around New
York State before graduating from
high school in Penn Yun, New York.

Desire to Teach

The desire to enter the teaching
profession L‘ecame uppermost in the
mind of the young John Tibbetts
while he was still in high school.
but the lean years of depression
made the dream of a college edu-
cation scem beyond his grasp. How-
ever, working under the influence of
the Superintendent of Schools. Dr.
’I‘ibbetis applied here to State and
was fl(.'f,'(‘i)i-C(i. While an undergrad
at State, he majored in Math and
ininorcd in Science, and deferred
the expense of his education by
working part time in the Registrar
and Health offices before doing his
Student 'l‘eaching in Milne.

War Interrupts

After teaching Science for a year
in Pawling, New York, Dr. 'I‘ibbetts
joined the Air Force in which he
trained to be a navigator. He seized
the opportunity to enrich his teach-
ing experience by teaching for six
months in the Navigator School.
His teachingr career was interrupted
by the outbreak of World War I
which prompted him to join ii bom—
ber crew.

Back to State

The end of the war brought Dr.
'Fibbetts back to SUCEA as a candi—
date for his MA. degree, which he
received in the ﬁeld of Education.
After receiving his degree, he served
as a Supervisor of Science in Milne
for two years before going into the
Guidance Office there. Dr. Tibbetts
then served as the Guidance Coun-
selor in Milne for seven years while
teaching part-time here at the col-
lege.

Home and Farriin

Dr. and Mrs. ’l‘ibbetts both gradu-
iliCtI from State College in the same
class; they had been dating since
their Junior years. The couple and
their three children now reside in
Delmar. outside of Albany.

Dr, ’l‘ibbetts, who enjoys putting
his major and minor field to prac-
tical use, has been "completing" his
home since its completion seven
years ago. He has used his interest
iii carpentry and electricil work to
finish off a game-room us well fir.
it titli‘ilj'f‘, in addition to putting fin-
ishin; touches on the other rooms
of his home.

Hi all the iiceoinplishincnts to
.iiich in: ’l'ibbetts holds claim, his
iiiosl cherished are John, Carol. and
llilly. .igcs iii, if, and ."i l'l‘njii‘t‘ilVi‘i)’.
John 1:. in the cf ,hlh izi'iide iii lletli—
lciieiii f‘l‘iiliui Hi'iiotil \\'iilie Carol
and Billy fire in the sixth and firi
grades at lu’isiiiere i‘iit'ilif'liiiii')
School.

c

Activities

In addition to c.ii'ij\iii.: .i fuii
('iliit’,‘1‘iiii(i liiiiiliy si'iiciiiiil' I)i' 'I‘ili~
iii-its still find time for "exii'in
iiirrieulur" iiciiiilies, He has illl‘li
the Sunday Cirillilii 'l'e.ohci .ii.d ihe
Siipci'ifileiidciil oi the i'illliil
>iiliiioi ol [ili‘ 'I'illili‘. Miliiliiil‘i'
(nuich for right you. he is .l
i:iciiiiici' of the Hoard o1 i)iicc'oi.v
.Iiili (‘h.iiiiii:iii ol the (Iiiiip ('iriiie
If.liii'l' of the YMt‘Pi lie i .ii o :i

|i.l'ilii)t’l' oi iiit'iilldltitiii)1ll‘l‘illliilii
both the (‘iiild (iiiiiiiliiii‘ (‘i Iiif l' .ind
iili' (‘llii-‘. c i\i|tiiliil Antilll‘iitiillfi illili
iri iilf' I“ill iliI\ .\li\l of ill 1‘: illiti i'iii
i<,l,i|lii 'iii‘ ii‘lliiiiiliV i.iilo.illliii
iv'iiiliiiill‘.

C" (immunisation/1

 

 

innit I‘fiilloi‘.

I would like to il;.iify u inisuir
din-landing i‘etiirdiii, [in- position
ol lmidiv (‘oiuiniitee in .‘ieliliii',
:.'.iiui.iiiii ioi' Iill‘ election of (‘uiiie
.iui ()Iict'fi ‘l‘lie ianil'y (‘oiiiiiiitiec
.il iii)1ilt'.i.lii|iili\ii’)iiii ,]ll(i'lll',1iit
(‘:.inpu.. Quit-n Attendants. We fell
lii.il, iilt' jioiiii. Ilt’ttilfi i‘iiii'liii'iiiloii
and hit c the judging oi the Queen‘s
(‘ouri is written in the itivairy lhll,
We felt it was our prerogative to do
lUI/Iifilillftl on I‘m/r; 8, Column I:

   
  

00 V60 KNOW our
Harare» To Tim-r
TRAOITION or “from

osmium 9W!“ .7

   
     

 

'3

 

 

MQVVVVVVWHWVWLM’VWWVVVVVVVVvvv v vv v v v v v

Gama-Side;

AAAAA‘AAAAAAAL‘MAALAMAAMAAM‘AAAAAA A A A AA A A - A A .

“I wake to sleep and take my waking slow.
I learn by goini,r where I have to go."—I{oetiike

(‘an (‘an . . .

. . . can the Red Devil's fight song be rewritten'.’ is it. possible! 'l‘uiic
in next weekend at the Stnior Beer Party and hear the fiery iii-w of
Fight Song!

Amore. Amore!

The soccer players are in the process of deciding “who‘s the one lift".
love the best" to reign as their sweetheart at their dance next weekend
Objectiver speaking, there seem to be two possibilities ~ she'll either In
as breathtaking as a storm or as lovely as it rose. We wonder if the iili'llll'
of the dance is any indication?

Money, Money!

Lotsa money. money is making up the biggest. hzii'vest evcr Lifiiill'l’i'li
at State. There has suddenly become a great demand for used illdHil“
books, dinners, waitresses, and surprise packages. The packs 'e,» ’tl‘il.
opened, and the dinners aren‘t sampled beforehand; why then must 1i]'
girls be placed on exhibition? Many underhiindcd plays take place if] lid
cafeteria, but using it as d "slave market" is going a bit. too for!

Potter, Potter . . .

. . best at SCT (rather SUCEA» —A at least as for us football i.»

concerned. The empire is slowly being rebuilt; the king appears to be
on his way to being rc—instated.

We hear that at least fifty people are down with pneumonia. You
say it was a bit cold on Vet's Field Sunday!

It's i'l wonder that a few of the Urchins aren‘t. down with broken
necks. We‘ve heard of going over Niagara Falls in u barrel but out
the cliff on Veteran's Field?

l'nique, Unique . . .

‘ . is the excellent work of our apparently psciido-soiecist in two
weeks worth of center page features. The editors il'Sllf‘f'iilliB' iilf' Vl‘ili‘il‘
luditori would like to offer their sincere thanks and appreciation 1o liiii
It, . 'i ‘ ‘ . ’

I‘iiliihfﬂlib foi effoits far above and beyond the call of duty.
So “are. 80 Rare . . .

is our very own Vice-I’i‘t- ifil'lli oi the iiiute l'imei'uti. i'll:,~ .\
Mif'litiloll. Iiic News iiiidu hiiie :‘iilll‘ to ‘l putty, but ui- lill' win: be r.
\\liil more than .i door j)l'l/I'.'

Nix, Nix!
“Io "Mi-I1“ io (‘Iililjiiqiiii iiilillli i'it‘i'ii'lilx, iii.‘.:,' ll';, mini. 1 o li'i

\\i.'i1 you had the tune to vote The null: nu.» iii-cit :ipili he: in 
\oiuiesicr hm to clean Ii up.

liil'oriimlioii.’ Information?

thit‘ (‘cii.i.iii'. .'l 1 iii llu Fl}; iiulli‘.ii .'\iiilivii'il liu : .ir
puiiii-liid (iitli\‘. the only piste |i|.fI it's pupil-ti .Lt‘t'lii'tiiii“i\ l:- ml ii .i
fruit-led iii'ni floor l)r:iper If you .‘»('c it :ll.\".',i|('I't‘ t'iM‘. i’< 1 vi o:-
lii.il lhc .iiioi'iii.i‘ioii i\.l1 i'.i l .i week old ‘i'iic one posted ii. 'iii ‘i H

iliiihy i~ .ilicnli ‘.liill‘.\.’i “till ;i c
(m, (io . .

in iili' l‘niipus (‘ln~..i. ililiii‘t ioiiieht “llarwl 'l'low "1 vie
I'ilill.iil" 'i  lc ioi ‘Cic (Jump to ilk lio loin, i
1‘.I i' ii.iii
“it”. “it” . .

ii.i‘ ’.ili' ,ii’i' I‘.il‘,'.\iiili, illiiiii‘ .Iiitiii' ’liiii ‘- ill"! i>““
Moon him-iii ‘v‘.liii)liiv oi lic.o:. lli "iiic liiljitiiiil. llilli hint of ill: ’ii‘
iii' Iii ii i-il' identification .ii.d 'hi- iiosh ‘.|.lii ,ooii follow o' Jli-i 1' 1

.li iill'ill ltii'lliii‘.i
identify, itit'liili‘.’
You filiil'l' i.il\t' or do or dch

'lln il'iliiii" livii noun lion:
If Hill» the i)i;' wold how‘s. ‘iii ioii.‘
iilil \tiiiii .iiioiii liil :.ii’iif:.[.

Who ixi-ii in how iii-cm 11.1.iI"
\timi ,ilioul iiioe \l‘l\ iiw

Who to them i'i\t':\ .iic iil.-.[i', iiiil
Who A friendlin needs it 'yilliiiii iiii'
Afi- iill‘\ loo soon to be ioreol'.J
i"oi :liifi,:.n iliiii pin are iiol iiie iiij
l'o those so ireii lo i)t‘iil‘,; ii‘ci'. '

’l'oiiiorrois and tomorrow and tomorrow .

is lhc duv I).i‘. “in! 1‘.i.iiiioi.l l.ii\'i liii.. with .i 'Imli "1 "'
bit.i.i e iit‘i|\l'ii oiil\ knows that (‘oiipu i\'l’lii l.‘. '|'lil. toe in N H3 7'”
\cur lust one word of .iuiice iiiul-zc ui’c ‘iiili liil'
liit‘ M'iJ: iil'i' hilil'fij
Loin; [He the Qliiciii

i'liiiiiiii  vii Hw-

’ of the. neck
Again are you sure. the ltivulry cup is sanitary?

 

 

 

 

.m’w  .3

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER

V,.___,,_‘_,~,.ﬂ,.. .. .-

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘7/ze Salad/11

By BILL FRANKONIS

The critics label me as negative.
This of course reduces me to a week-
ly state of tears. But I can be posi-
tive . . . and constructive. My con—
tribution to positivism follows.
'l‘hcre are many good ideas included.
How many will be acted upon?

Things to be thought about: more
appreciation for the efforts of lF‘G

. . changing the name of the col—
lege in front of Draper . . . more
than one issue of the Primer . . .
using Dippikill for an all—college
picnic in the Spring . . . a student—
fueulty project for compiling in-
formation oii a teacher's duties and
problems with the results to be high-
ly publicized statewide; this would
~erve two ends: it to boost State
College‘s prestige statewide if not
even nation wide, and ill to give the
public some honest insight into the
teaching profession when the con-
troversy about teaching conditions
and salaries crops up , . . a revamp—
ing of State's athletic publicity
program . . . a revival or introduc-
tion of a literary magazine on enm-
pits to increase the outlets for those
iiit‘l‘:ll‘ii_\‘ inclined: the last time
this was attempted, the magazine
died :in immediate death, one l
think was caused by ii luck of good
honest organization and literary
tiisie . . an intelligent. interpreta-

tion and explanation of Rivalry for
the many “sour-grapes" frosh and
those upperclassmen who have lost
sight of Rivalry's meaning and pur—
pose and whose numbers are also
prodigious . . . seine recognition of
Terry Reilly. State College's Photo
Service . . , the organization of a
language dorm (say in one of the
small group houses the college O\\'llSi
in which language majors could get
practical conversational experience
in their language (this possioility
will be explored more fully in the
near future) a Senate com—
mittee to investigate the possibility
if getting student discounts on
meals in restaurants for those stu-
dents who can‘t live in the dorm
and who haven't got ii place to cook

. ii little less nastiness i)f'l\\'(‘i'li
"i roilier," “sister” groups on cam—
pus . . and last. but indeed. not
it‘ttfi, ii l‘(‘\'iizlii7.iiiiliil of some of
State's wiiter fountains.

The Student Art Exhibit in Bru—
bueher was very well received, and
ll‘fil’t' interesting than usual DL‘t'flUM‘
11‘. always there was e. humorous
side of things. It seems that one
modern creation was given an award

-._‘.. .
much to [lie puintcr's delight. llut
somewhere along the line somebody
slipped up. The painting was hung
upside down.

Scholar Speaks;
Reynarcl Motif
Lecture Topic

TheMotif of Reynard the Fox will
be the topic for the second Compar-
ative Literature lecture, Friday, No-
vember 18. at 1 pm. in Draper 349.
Dr. Dorothy Bcthurum, a distin-
guished lecturer and expert on this
subject, will be the guest speaker.

Dr. Bethiirum, Professor of Eng-
lish at Connecticut College for
Women, and a well known medieval
scholar, will discuss the Reynard
motif in English, French, and Flem-
1in literature.

She edited The llomiluS of Wulf—
stun tOxford Press, 1957) for which
she did extensive research in the
Bodleiun Library at Oxford. She
has been co-editor with Dr. Randall
Stewart of a dozen texts in English
and American litcratm'e.

Her most recent publication is
('riticiil Approaches to Medieval
Literature iColumliia Press, 1960).
She is also an active member of the
Medieval ‘iroup of the Modern
Language Association and of the
li‘iniiisii institute.

This lecture is part of the Coin—
parative liitcratiirc department's
1960 series, It was initiated last. year
to bring outstanding scholars of lit-
erature and the arts to State Col-
lege.

 

 

long been a topic of wide-spread
concern for those students working
with or heading the various clubs.
boards and publications on this
campus.

The concern has been over the
lack of interested memberships of
sufficient size to provide for the ad—
equate carry-over of personnel from
year to year. This concern, however,
has usually taken the easy, negative
point of View. The easy answer to
the problem is that the college is no
longer admitting the type of high
school graduate who possesses ex-
tra-curricular talents as well as high
academic achievement.

In order that we might base our
discussion on concrete facts, the
following" representative statistics
have been secured iroin the Admis—
sions Office. While the figures are
specifically related to the Class of
1964, they are much the same as
the figures that might be secured
for the three upper classes.

Vii. Activity "l
1"(ililil' or iill‘-lllf'\:~ Mgr
’ (if If H Yearbook .i .

7 i‘iiiiiol' of u s i’illii‘l‘ liltl'i
.

l (‘lass l'ie iileii‘. 7.il’
Bil. Siudeiii (‘ouniil flﬁlf)’
illtl i)t'i)iiit‘ 1:3 3’
2'?! Senior I’l.i\ (iii‘J’.

Iii \iiii'hily ii.|\l'i)iiii 16 0'

"l \'.ir.~-it\ ii.i ke'ii.i11 312'

 

 

 

 

It's what's up ﬁth that counts

Up front isi FILTER-BLEND  and only Winston has it!
Rich, golden tobaccos specially selected and specially
processed for full flavor in filter smoking.

   
  

ll .l Iii. il 'l'il ninth

 

11. 1960 PAGE 3
fﬂ%ﬁMtCVuSﬁd2
By JIM DOUGHERTY
Extra—curricular participation has 20 Varsity Soccer 94':

13 Varsity Wrestling 6.1":

NOTE: Iii activities its listed on appli-
cation for iidiiifssfou; «2: per
cent computed on total of 712
students accepted for matricula-
iimi this Fall, except; till viirslty
athletic ﬁgures were computed
on total number of males only.

Where then is the assumption
that there are not enough able per-
sons available to fill the many ex-
tra-class positions so vital to the
smooth running of the Student As-
sociation? It is evident that the
potential is there. What needs to
be accomplished is a concerted ef-
fort to tap this reservoir of talent
and guide its possessors into worth-
while projects.

Activities Day is an attempt at
this, but it falls short. Students
come to this college, or any college
for that matter, with certain fears
relating to their chance of academic
success. This insecurity tends to shy
them away from early participation.

In order to set off this early in-
security and give incoming classes
an opportunity to adjust, however.
iipperclass members of organizations
must follow-up the original recruit-
ing efforts of A('ti\ities Day and see
that those students possessing in-
tirest iiiid desiret. utilities are
minded and aided in the acquisition
of u fiili and rewarding extra-cur-
l'lt‘lii:ll' experience. Organizations
should secure lists of students with
high school experience in their
field and make personol contacts
throughout the year. {Such lists are
l‘f':itili_\' available from the Admis-
:i(ill.\' Oii'iCL'.

if the iippei'ciznsmen really work
in the recruiting of talent and pro-
\ide enriching experiences for stu-
dents to take part in. then the
problem of carryover personnel will
not exist as it does in some areas
ili present.

lieiiieinber: Success Ll‘t't‘tih suc-
ccss. Set the example yourself.

 

i News Notes

'60 Pedagogues
Any student or faculty member
who did not i'exeive a 1960 yearbook
may pick his up in the Student Per-
sonnel Office Friday in Brubiichcr,
Room 7. First come, first serve.
(‘ofl’ce Hours
The l'iooscmothers Coffee Hour
will be held Wednesday. 7:30 to 9:30
pm, in Brubzicher Upper Lounge by
the Residence Council. House-
iiiothers, Dr. Ellen Stokes, Dean of
Women, and house presidean will
attend. Chairmen are Shirley Barnes
'02 and Christine Wren '62.

 

Treat
Your Date
At
The

SNACK BAR
After The

CAMPUS CHEST
DANCE

 

 

(‘oi'iicr ()N'l‘AitiO and BENSON
DIAL 4—1125

FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

t'ollegc Florist for Years

 

 

 

 

