 

PAGE 4

Small Group
Sees Actress

By HERBERT STEVEN HOWARD

Tuesday evening, Dorothy Stick-
ney, well-known actress of the
American theater ("The Beaux’
Stratogem," “The Front Page,"
“Milestones,” “On Borrowed Time,"
“Life With Father”), presented a
portrait of Edna St. Vincent Millay
as seen through her poems and let-
ters.

The three-act dramatization, en-
titled “A Lovely Night,” was written
by Dorothy Stickney (through an
arrangement with Norma Millay),
produced by S. Hawk, and directed
by Howard Lindsay, famous play-
wright-collaborator (Lindsay and
Crousei of such productions as “Life
With Father," “State of the Union,"
“Call Me Madame," and “The Great
Sebastians." Mr. Lindsay, along with
Russell Crouse, produced “Arsenic
and Old Lace," “The Hasty Heart."
and “Detective Story."

Miss Stickney has been married
to Howard Lindsay for thirty-three
years.

I feel Miss Stickney is a ﬁne ac—
tress but not a very good dramatist.
She created a definite personality
re—on the stage. I enjoyed her inter-
pretation of Miss Millay's poetry
and letters. (Her reading of the let-
ters was especially outstanding»
She was not melodramatic: her de~
livery -- which showed excellent
taste ~ varied according to the per-
iod of the poet's life from which
the selection was taken. Naturally,
Miss Stickney guessed at individual
izioinents, but here again. she usual-
ly used very good judgement. There
was a personal warmth in her acting
that added to the characterization
iiiuiieasureably.

The one criticism I have of the
production deals with the dramati-
zation itself, and not with the ac—
tress. I felt that Miss Stickney, the
writer, overeniiiliasizcd Edna St.
Vincent Millay's idiosyiici'acies. The
poet seemed too scatter-brained,
too-thppant. Also, many of the sud-
den transitions from letter to poem,
poem to letter, were either awk-
ward or trite.

in general, the portrait did not
sci-in like an accurate or a complete
view of a many-sided woman who
had a vigoruos intellectual curiosity
and a desire for knowledge. I felt
the only other side of Miss Millay
examined sufficiently was her re-
lationship with her family and bus—
band. Eugene Jziri Boissevain.

The play (lid have a sense of re-
ulity. especially in the chronological
order of events; but, scenes, like tin-
oiic .‘dlfﬂl'llilt the citation of a poem
in it lllllltlit', w'ci'c unrealistic and
did not tow a ll'lll' lllipl‘t'hsloll of tlic
('l’llltxllllllllaIili) that went into Miss
.‘.lillay's work.

National
Honorary
Initiates

initiation ccicinonies of the Na-
t.onal Education Honorary, Kappa
Phi Kappa »(‘hi (,‘naptci', wcic held
on Notcinbci' :30 and lJecciiibci' lrl,

ltcriuii'l mints ol lliltliilt‘s arc it
B nachmc in I‘.llllt'.i'i in courscs, and
.ill lilt‘l.i.I atonin- of It). The ll.ilIIl
obpw 'l‘.i' oi 'hc lionoidi',‘ in to slim-
liillt- llilt'li' 1 iii pi in -, ltillitI criuca—
Lloli

’I'lii' IMIiU'AIli,’ .ilt lIlItIilIU.) I‘ill'
.yiiro 'l‘on-cho liaivcy Kaufman,
I..i‘.'.lllllt‘ la' (nay, Jocpli Illl'l'l.“
int/n.1, Vii. nn' 1“ :umio, WIIIlilIll
(2 mid! .un it o o c l' t Ni:iiici“iici';;ci',
Jail: iii-tin. Iil’llliill (‘ Mr:l.:ui.:liliii,
‘.t‘iil..iin l‘.‘ \anl/d'l, Noyce 13.‘ (Soon,
l..iil rinincr, (.‘liiloid [.iiiiicic, Jaincs
lﬁiwoking, .IIiJIIl‘, Hill/.t‘l', ltobcrt
Ncnno ltobcrt Aitui i2, lticliard Itob-
iii.on Vncil It l'iouot lticnard (1.
Hum lticnuid Alan l.cwi.~:, ltichaid
I ."ali’lllrdill, I)’Illt:.il.'i (I, li'iaiilic,
(it'liilll It Lawton, I. William lias—
,.t:ll, Jaw: Lawrcncc Conway,
Il'liillifllll .I blitiinaii, Jompli I).
Uppcriimino, Leland ’l‘. Maiiood,
Bali; S Nudici John J. Abl'itlllv,
vIIIIIll’. Warnci, I‘llilllt'W It. I)uda..li,
.ind llcibcit llo.'..iid

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. DECEMBER 16. 1960

Student Christian Association

Student Christian Association an-
nounces that the worship committee
is preparing, as a service to the
college, a booklet of Lenten medi-
tations. They must be used by stu-
dents and faculty during the Lenten
season for personal devotions.

Contributions from students and
faculty of meditations to be used
in the booklet would be appreciated.
Anyone wishing to contribute should
submit material to Donald Lawrence
’62, by student mail. Deadline for
all contributions is January 20.
Booklets will be compiled by the
worship committee and available to
anyone wanting a copy at the be-
ginning of Lent.

News

Coffee Hour

Phi Beta Lambda will hold a cof-
fee hour Monday in the school cafe-
teria at 3 pm. at which time Mr.
William O‘Bryon, Vice-President of
the National Commercial Bank and
Trust Company of Albany will
speak on “Banking and Economics."
All business majors are invited to
attend.

The organization will, as a follow-
up to the coffee hour, take a tour
of the National Commercial Bank
and Trust Company of Albany
Monday, January 9.

Brubzwher Trimmings

Tomorrow from 4:15 pm. to 5:15
pm. meacher Hall will allow vis-
itors to see Christmas decorations
on the corridors. Rooms will not be
opened, but anyone Wishing to see
the Christmas decorations on the

Notes

doors is cordially invited to do so
during these hours.

SEANYS

Barry Dixler, President of Stu-
dent Education Association, requests
that all members interested in work-
ing 011 the April statewide SEANY’s
Conference to be held in Albany,
should sign up on the committee
sheets located on the bulletin board
outside of Richardson 174.

Robert Steinhower, Director of the
State College Revue announced that
tryouts for the "King and 1" will be
held January 9-12 from 7:30 to 11
pm in Page Ilall. Tryouts will also
be held January 11 at 7:30 p.111. iii
Draper 349. All students interested
in trying out for the Revue should
do so during this period.

 

 

 

NEWS Board
Extends
Seasons

G reefing
To All

 

 

You only
think you’re
not an

enthusiast!

For every Corvette owner who regularly runs in sports car rallies, there’s one who uses his Corvette exclusively for breath

The feeling it imparts

 

 

 

pleasure, just driving the son-of—a—guii around the block.

will make you chuckle with

glide and electric windows or with Fuel Injection and four-speed Synchro-Mcsh transmission, it's re

 

and-butter transportation. I The Corvette brings a kind of pleasure to each man's driving that he couldn't get anywhere else.
It can take the unpleasantncss out of heavy rush traffic, just the way it turns an ordinary country road into something very
special. Why? Because few cars from this or any other country can come remotely close to it for flushing perforiinincc, good
handling and hair-trigger icsponsivciiess. I Don't take our word for this; drive one. Unless you’re accustomed to driiiiig
sports cars in the ten to fifteen thousand dollar category, you’ll be absolutely astonished. 'l‘Iic Corvette is an outstanding
coiiihiniilioii of performance and luxury that really hclics its relatively low price. Willi extra-cost options like I’owcr-

ally something! Try one.

CORVETTE BY CHEVROLET

See the new Corvette, Chevrolet cars and Chevy’s Corvair at your local authorized Chevrolet dealer’s

 

 

‘5

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. DECEMBER 16. 1960

PAGE 5

 

Stare Edges Mon’rclairlB-lé;
OCCC Shaves Frosh 18-17

By BOB DAVIES

Last Saturday, the Frosh and Varsity split up and went
different roads. The Varsity took the High Road and beat
out a strong Montclair team by a score of 16-14. There. were
a few tense moments during the match and also a few
where Coach Joe Garcia aged a few fast years. One of these
such moments was during the final match of the afternoon.
Ted Dusenenko couldn‘t let himself get pinned or the
match would be tied. But Dusanenko finally worked off
his back to finish the match in a 7-3 decision for Montclair.
The Albany Varsity had won its first match!

Varsity Roundup

Ray Bouchard turned in a fine showing last. wcckcnd
when he finished 3-2 for Siaic's first win of the afternoon.
When you considcr that Ray was wrestling in the 12:; pound
class and weighs only 1141;; pounds, he did exceptionally
well. A

Ray wrcstlcd twicc last Saturday. He gave an exhibi-
tion match he won 843.

Dave Pause had no troublc in pinning his man, Dave
secured a takcdown in thc first period and went on to a
pin.

Ivan Browcr, although hc has becn bothered by a torn
rib cartlagc, had no troublc inking his man to a 12—0 deci-
sion.

Jay Katzol has donc a i'iiic job at the 147 pound slot
since he only weighs 137 pounds. Jay pinncd his man at
Montclair in six minutes and eight seconds.

In the 1:37 pound class. John Woytowich was the first
ziak, stands a good chance of becoming NCAA champ. John
lost his match by a 7-2 decision.

Dick O'Connor was another of thc Pods who was wrcst-

the Cortland match and will bc anollicr of thc tcain‘s key
men.

('inlil/llltrl on I’m/I 1, I'o/nmu l

i ng’s Kwotcs
I

’n HILL I(I\(.

 

 

The big news in sports this wcck. something of which was kCl)L “lbblmg away at the lead 1mm “NY Game Within

I am sure you arc :ill awarc, is thc admittance of State
ll'1tOtI1(‘E.C.A.C.

try. Joining along with Albany w't'l'i' Pratt liistitutc, lr‘rcdo-
nia Statc, Gciicsco Statc, Maryland Siatc. Maritinic, and
Potsdam Statc. Upward. cvcr upward

Knocking (in Stone

That's what it‘s likc w‘licn you iry to iiiukc any con—
structivc criticisms around Ilt‘l't llui lici'c goes . .

Why can‘t Slutc play scvcral doublc-licadcrs, with
Siciiu‘.’ Sicna plays nationally runkcd icunis. which would
prove a strong drawing i'orcc. ’l‘hc same thing is donc in
NYC, at Madison Suiiurc (lui'dcii, and providcs ilic tciiiiis
with much more rcvciiuc than ilicy could in any oihcr way.

llow about adding sonic llhll't' couchcs, cvcn icaclici'—
coachcs, to thc ovci'-\I.'oi'kcd t'o;t(‘Illllf_.; slaii'

More publicity in lIlc itiIlIt'lli' (ll parlnicnl ’l‘hc publi-
city hcrc is lousy . . .

A hockcy club licc, oi coursi-i

Sonic spcctaiors at ihc wi‘csihiig inuichcs ..

Jitt'kcls for ilic vuisiiy It'llt‘l‘~\\'lllllt'l‘;

(‘ongraiulaiions
to ilic i'i'osh socccr icuin ioi' lhcn ;hocl-;iii;gly pood 5-3
rccord.
to tlic varsily wi'cslhiip ll ion on lIn ii hair‘s Ill’t'lltilll cs
capc lioni tough l\’lontcl;in Slat.
lo IIlt‘ baskclbiill Il‘ltill on lIll'll liilll]i*-. ii\t'l' (it lit‘Hi‘ti and
Uiicu ’l‘wo dccidt-diy It'llllili' li‘ltlii.‘~.
io llic irosh liuskclbzdl train, which has llllillllgﬂttl io o\'ci'~
conn- a lack oi spccil and scoiuig ability to post :i ci'cdilidilc
2'72 rccord against pi iici'ully strong opposition ’l'lic ii am is
coin-ind by two ,iillllt‘lllh, Al Ii;ii)llltl\\‘lI/., a grad and lIlt‘
head coach, and Hill Nt-lson
Ethniin
Apology

In ihc llccciiilici‘ 2 issui- oi this papci‘, tlici‘c uppcurcd
an urticlc on the outlook oi the basketball icani undcr iny
byvliiic ’l‘hc story had bccn l't' wi'iiicii from an articlc
which had appcarcd in ihc ’l‘inics lhiioii ol ihc suiiic week.
I did not wrch iin- story, nor condonc its writing 1 wish to
apologize at this time, for thc tipol'ls I)l‘[itll‘llllt'lll, for this
lack of intcgrity,

State College Wins Two, Loses One;
Play Harpar Sat; Alumni vs. Frosh

By DAN LABEILLE

“One more time" will be the war chant of the Sauersmen as they attempt to
chalk up another win against a Visiting Harput team tomorrow in the campus gymnasi-
um. The Vestal visitors will arrive with a 2 win 2 loss record. They are a comparatively
short team, top man on the team being 6’3". A capacity crowd is expected due mainly to
the glorius return of alumni ballplayers in another of their funfilled appearances in
the preliminary Alumni VS Freshmen game. Returning hoopsters will be Jack Minon,
Joe Anderson, Sig Smith, Denny Johnson, Tom Hoppey, Dick Causey, Don Mayer, Sandy
Bernstein. They will be “advised” by the immortal Mr. Richard Saucrs. Merry Xmas
l’etls Home leave for our cagers will be cut short again this year as they compete in
the second Christmas Tournament at Montclair, New Jersey. The Albany visitors will
compete with Howard University on December 27th at one o'clcok in the afternoon. The
teams losing the first round of play will be permanently eliminated; there are no con—
solation games, Other teams competing in the Tourney are Montclair State Teacher’s
Maryland State, Monmouth, Pace, King’s College and Glassboro State. The Pods will
return to Page for an appearance againstHobart Collegc on January 7th 1961.

Split Weekend.

The cagers returned from a long weekend last week after a

loss to Buffalo and a win handed to Geneseo, The former edged by in the last seven sec-

AMIA:

El; Ro//s Over Kobras, 41-25;
APA Downs Men's, 39-28

APA-Waterbury
in league play, the APA men chalked up win num-
ber two by downing a tuough Waterbury team 39-28. Wa-
Ped to taste defeat. However, the man John wrestled, Mc' - tci'bury led at halftime 19-17 but a tight sliding zone dc-
i’cnsc put the clamps on the scoring power of Waterbury

in the second half.

The second half rally by APA was sparked by the shoot-
ling outof his wcight. Dick has improved considcrablv since mg and rebounding of Jerry Blair who finished with 11
‘ points. Dave Danick with 12 and Chuck Hunter with 9 aid-
cd the APA cause. Waterbury which definitely missed valu-

Wolner and Eric Kafka.

The team is hurt considerably by thc lack oi a man able John Ruth was led in the scoring department by Lou

ICEP Rolls Over Kobras
Potter Club‘s second team, although showing definite
signs of being very disorganized, managed to walk away
irom thc Kobras in the second half of the game and push

to a 41—25 victory.

EEP took the lead early in the game as they scored
five times in the first three minutes for a 10 2 advantage.
Thcir scoring punch quickly faded however, and the Ko-

six points at halftime.

In the second half EEP moved

better and managed to outscore their opponents 21—11.

For those two or thi'cc oi you who don't know, the It “114nm um“ 1h“ 111-“ 1"” “1mm” 01' “19 8111110 that EEP
E.C.A.C. is the Easicrn Collegiate Aililctic Confcrcncc. with Slam’d L“ 100k hall-“ﬂy at"??? m “19 duals“ dclmllecm
128 members, thc largcst scciional conlcrciicc in thc coun— Ulla Dubai] to 5001'“ “L a“ “MUM” ww-

E/ections a Flop;
NewOnesfobth

IS) 5 l 'l.\.\'l\'l£ I’LA'I'T

Actordinu to what \\.i.‘, inciitioiicd
in List with. issuc. l was supposcd
to announce who '»\:i:~, t'it‘x'lHI to thc
WAA tilIlt’t‘r; ioi' LIll,‘ spring—lull l'Jo'l
--ciin lt‘lh (in Monday. I)(‘(,’t'llll)t,‘l'
ll thc t‘It'l‘lI’th bcgiiii ill. in o'clock
:n Inc l.o-.icr l’ri'istylc and ran un-
til it pin

WAA iiicd to give ilic cligiblc
xoicis it ciidinc to \oii'c tlicii‘ op-
llilrrlly A Ilhl oi clnzibli- votcrs was
pvv lid and was to li.i\c hccii (‘tlll-
nilildtl Ill‘IUlt' IIll‘ day ol clct'tioiis
All dinsiions hould liai‘c bccii
tit'.iIt‘(I up so that .ill \‘oics wcrc
\.lII(I \\Iit‘ll handed in No tillt'hllmlh
would Il.l\t‘ iil'lsd‘ll .1.» io wiiclhci' or
iiol inc you mind bc considered

lliiioituiniiily ioi' ull ('lllltt‘l'lli‘tl
lIitlt' i.. :i Ill' ioi .i piiiicip.il oiiicc
t‘tilivt‘qlil‘lill), a nth t‘II,‘l‘IIllll will
initc to bc Ill'Ill .lllill'llllll‘ .iltcr
('iilIAIIIIilii

\'\liy tliil lIil. .ilii.iiioii iiiisc’.’ I"li'.\L
oi .i.i iii. lIl;'II)it toil-r. were obvi-
lJi.‘~.1\ not llllt'lt‘ull‘tl iii tolling or lll
Iilt‘ llilll oiin' «:1 IIlt’ l It't‘IItlllii ll llit'y
liol llnvlt‘ would hurt votui than
iIIlI.

:iiionuh, ihc giils iii gciiciul at
.‘§I.ilt' t‘ollcgc iiic .ippiii'cnily not
iiili'lt'slt'tl in sports iil‘ liloit' would
Imic bccn ilIJIt‘ to votc. ll llii., hllv
union piislsls WAA may have to
tiisioniinuc ll, opcratioiis which ilil’
llllll.1it‘ll oiin for thc bL-iiciit and
iii ihc intcrcst oi the girls at State.
I do liopt.‘ liltit \\Ilt’ll the tflct'llolis
aic licld again I will be able to un-
nounic lIll‘ results. Now that all the
athletes are going to votc, let's
play!

Wrestlers . . .

MIMI/mutt! jrom l’uy/i ,7. (.‘oluuot II
ill the 177 pound class. At lIlt‘ bc—
giiiiniiu oi tlic yciir thci‘c wcrc ioui'
contenders in this division. Pcic
Sliiipli‘o :iiid (.‘Iiiy Hawks Iiiivc bchi
Iosl .Ii'i‘i‘y Zuppiilo Iiiis \\lllidi'ii‘wii
iioiii ilic ('olhgc and 'l'oiii lu‘llis rc—
cci\cd .l loi'ii rib ciii'tiliigc lll ihc
Cortland lllliLCIl,

'llic t‘lllll‘t‘ team has shown :1
ioiisidci'ablc iiiipioi‘cniciit (Illl'lllt‘,
lln' i'ci't'lil \‘t‘t‘l‘Illi. Coiuili Joi‘ (iiii‘t'lii
thought tin: ttuiiii was at lcust a
month away ll‘l)lli its lll‘hl, victory.

It‘rosli Looking for Victory

'I'lii: AII)illl_\' li'o.-»,Ii \tt'l'i- dt'tilt u.
‘hiii-inai'c iiicd (lt‘lt‘ili ill ihc IllilltII)
Ii ()(‘CC last Saturday

'I'ln- iioz-h It-.i(i oil iiiun, liob lin-
iics. M'iil'i‘tl ii (llllt'k pin tJVt‘l‘ l)ciik
pi (i(.‘(..‘(‘ Davies pill. lilt‘ I«iI.t'(li>\\Il
and ilicii procccdcd to it pm Hi two
months, l\\t~llt)‘-ollt‘ bt‘t‘iilltlr.

'liiii Ul'o\\ll, Albany, was liculi'll
b\ Mo towski oi (.)l'lill';l' (fouiity
win-n hc was piiiiicd illll‘l I)l'llli', (alas
on down by Mosiowski.

Hon Schultz, a inst-your lll.tll
wt. dccisioiicd by Qllllli, ii—U lton
has iriipio'.i-il snitc (.‘lilliillltl and
milltllili piIiH' lo Ill‘ :iii insct lo IIll’
(1.1111 in IIH‘ iiuuic

lhi k lllakciiioic piil lIll’ ii‘osl.
built lll llit' hard when Ill‘ illlllll‘tl
IIl’Itl oi ()C(.‘(7 iii >1 iiiiiiulcs, l>l m‘v-
oiids.

llriaii llai'tsoii sliowcd fiiic wrest»
inn; siyic Hilllll'tlll)' but turn with
t‘i.ill, oi UCCC.

John liciiiict protidcd thc high-
spot of the day when hc pinncu
i\lil:-.Ilt‘l' oi ()l‘;tllt;t' Count], in tour
nnniucs, ciglit seconds.

with the conditions iikc this,
llowic Ullllll of Albany couldn‘t losc
his lllzilt‘ll or State would also losc
But his oppoiiciit, Board, ci'cniiiall,
won his match 14—2).

onds oi the game to win, 78-76, on
two shots from the foul line by
Dave Lewis. scoring ace for the west-
crn New York Statc ieain. Lewis
was i‘oiilrd by Don Cohen ill a final
.uH-iiipt to carry the game into
oicriiinc. ’l‘hc Albanians broke the.
loo mark on Saturday night, deft-ai-
111.1 (‘n-ncsco State, ion-:39. The team
int 551' irom the iicld and was
led in its scoring ilthllL‘VL‘llll‘llIs by
Don Colicn totalling 23. Don has
«on-d 111 points so far this season.
'llic S:oicr,~.iiir.vii reached .1 3—2 rcc-
il'll on ‘i'ucsday iiiuht, defeating
l’tny, "itiﬁill 'l'lic results of thc
Soc \‘s I't)l.~(llllll gaiiic were not
known when this cdition went to
press

Albany l-‘rosh vs. Albany .\thletic

(‘lub

l‘hc Il't‘SIllllllll icaiii seemed wor-
i'ii-d iii their first traiiic. They play-
cd .1 [com with u lot. oi experience
but \U‘l‘t,‘ also ll great deal out oi
hope. The ircshinun icaiii although
building up a i'cspcctubic lcad iii
the lll‘sl liali wcrc iioi lllllt‘llvilllll’l,
siiiooihly, The Albany Atllitll.‘ Club
scciiicd to rciuvcnatc toward the
end oi the second hall and lhcj.‘
i'l'ilfilli‘lIIt' crawled up to within two
point.» At this point thc i.’..[lll‘ t‘ll(l-
cd with the iiiial scoic, lib—U‘i. ltay
\‘t'cclzs was the high scorcr ior ihc
ii'tshiiicn with 2~l points and Bill
ll~inasl2a pulled down the llltial rc—
oi..:,ds A.ch McDonald \Vns lllc
Ill 'h scorer ltll' tlic opposition with
31% points.

Albany Frosh vs. ()nconta

'l'hc (li‘lt'llrt' :ind oilciisc did iiol
iuiictioii thc way it should. Al-
IIllillLIIi the train won ’ll—tll. thcy
acrc not Illlsl.Illli'. at all.

it.) \i'ccks was lhc Iil;.’Il lllilll itlltl
he ,-.cciiicd to make up for thc mis-
him by Illllllil' wcll. IIt' broke lIn-
li'Iidl scoiiii iccord by ii:i\iii;1 Ilo‘
,‘.ii.lil* 'l'hc old rccoru was licld by
\‘m; Ii'.’in:cchco at ill points
r\lli.iiiy I’rosh vs. Albany Business

(‘ollcgc

’l‘ht- irosh 111 this i.‘.illl|' had thcii'
iii’.~~i 1.. .lc of d: ion ’1 lic'. were com-
'iici.cly llllli'IllCM‘ti and outliustlid by
.t wcll I).tIilll.L‘tI I5libllll‘.-»» (‘ollcgc
It‘lilli 'l‘hcn lll.illl ()lIt:li\t' “do the
in l bit-.11: and tin irt-shiiirn st'tlll-
cii not in Ill‘ .ililc to slop IIlt‘lll lit
.ill. Again ltay \’\'ccl~;s wax thc lilin
:~(’ol'('l' ioi' ihc lioin \viili 12o points.
Hui IIIIt‘ than taint uccni to make
.i Itiilll and tho irosli iiiialh iouiid
lln; out 'l'licii (rlIl‘llhl‘ .it’lIlII :rci-iiicd
not i». be up to ii:-, bcsi 'l‘hc “in

',\.i« :\ Iit‘ Us Albany, ti'i

\l'illiiuiis \s. Albany l'rosli
liic 1min for thc iiisi liiiic did
n ' own. to bc lt‘IlIl‘lt‘ll .ii'ound oiic
ili ill int \ it‘lllt‘li to work .is .i llllll
.iiui il .-liic,|.t'it iii llilli‘ llIIl'IIbl‘, tit"
lt'lif-t' .ind .iizgrc th‘lll‘m lloii

(lion. ens cut across Ilic top of

ihc (\l in lllt' iiiiddh oi the giiiiic
.tIlll Il.:il Ill IJt‘ lziki‘ii out which Illli'l
ll.( twin .1 gicat dtail ll scciiicd
Ih.d inc li‘Il'l't'U picked lioiii Wil—
hams (‘olli-tzc seemed to call it great
dcal i-l ilosc fouls iiytuiiisl llic li‘osli
man .iiid tin-y lost by the score oi
(ix-oi Ray chks was again the hiin
scorcr with 'J-i points.

 

