PAGE 2

Why So Hush Hush?

It seems rather apparent at the present time that
there is something missing on Camp Board. Why __d‘9an’t
the members appoint or elect a student chairman or some-
one to act as a liasion between the student communication
system and the Board?

Just why is it so difficult for Camp Board to issue an
official news release concerning the road which is now un-
der construction at Camp Dippikill near Warrensburg?
Perhaps this is due to the fact that there is no one willing
to accept the responsibility for such an act; or maybe they
feel it is not of worth to the student body at the present
time. If this second statement happens to be the reason
behind the “freeze” on the News, we would like to point
out that the students are mature enough to realize that
a road is just the beginning; but, without it progress would
be difficult. It is also possible that there might be some
justifiable reason for the lax attitude which is now prev—
elent. Whatever the case may be, we feel that the students
should be informed.

How is inter c-st expected to be stimulated throughout
the student body concerning the future of the camp if
everything is kept within a group of nine or ten members
of Camp Board? After all, we are paying for the develop-
ment of the Camp out of the student tax; therefore, why
should we be denied the right to know where our money
is going or what it is being used for?

Nice Goin' . . .

A job well done deserves recognition. Congratulations
to Jane Szurek. Ron Coslick. and all who worked to make
Parents’ Day last weekend the best State has ever seen.

It was the first time that the parents have had a
luncheon with the College as their host. State College Food
Service served 1,200 people at Brubacher and Alden-Water—
bury dining rooms. the largest number ever served at one
sitting. . ’

President Collins, Dr. Sargent. and Dick Robinson.
President of Student Association. should be complimented
for the outstanding speeches they delivered. The faculty
and students who participated in the mock classroom dem—
onstration and the television crew who put on the exhibi-
tion also merit praise. _

We can‘t forget the freshmen! Approxnnately 900
parents attended for 325 freshmen. This is an excellent
showing; the freshmen did a wonderful job and are to be
congratulated. I

Last but certainly not least, the D & A production of
“The Iceman Cometh” was the added touch which cli—
maxed an eventful day!

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

1916
1918

ESTABLISHED MAY
BY THE CLASS OF

 

No. 22

Vol XLV November 4. 1960

 

\ . ,  v . " w ' ' ’- ‘. ia'.‘ from 7 to 11
.* iers 4f the NEWS staff may be iiiuhui Intodaytiind \Nvtlni \I V N
11.n1.Miiii” )IV 21-3826 extension 11. Phones Inbous 1V 11-3343. (icbiiairtll LN fi-f‘iuil.

Wieiiiiiger W 2-3826

'I'he undergraduate newspaper of State University (.‘ollegc of Education ill (Albany,
published every Friday of the College year by the New.» iioard 1or llic niudizni
Association,

NEWS BOAIU) g
. . ..  .  l‘ll)l'l‘()It-INeffllllrll“
Managing Editor
Associate Editor

A miiciafc I'ldllrif'
..... . . . Feature Editor
. Associate l“f'i|l lirc. Editor
Public ltcliilioiis Editor

BARBARA LLBOUS  ,
ROBERT GEBIIAIUJI‘ . . . . . . . . .
EDWARD MANGELBDOILI" . .. .. . ..
IRENE WISTER . . . . .

ELAIW ILOMA’I‘UWSKI
WILLIAM FRANKONL‘S
LINDA LASS’ELIJ'I .
BARBARA WLENINGEIL
VALERIE YULI'}

MEET BU'I'IIEILLANI)
JAMES DOUCviiEit'i'Y

. Business AiiVl'IllsJii,’ 1-Idiioi
Circulation and Exchange Editor
.. Sports Editor

.. Consulting Sports Editor

50 Photo St‘i".it‘i' 'l'crrv Itcfll‘,’

Photography

w"

      

Fnom aw POM?”
 VIEVQ'”? <

6

 

 

Focus On
Faculty

The wide scope of activities ein-
braced by the career of Dr. Perry
Westbrook. of the College English
Department. serve to distinguish
him among the members on the
faculty of our State University.
Since entering the English teaching
profession, Professor Westbrook has
delved into many varying literary
mediums: mystery fiction, trade
publication, social history, and the
editing of literature.

Literary Endeavour

While teaching high school in
Maine in the mid-1940‘s. Dr. West-
brook undertook to supplement his
teaching salary. His first profes-
sional writings were articles on
wood—working, of great interest in
the New England area. for local
trade publications. In 1949 he pub-
lished his first serious literary effort.
a mystery novel entitled The Red
Herring,r Murder. Between 1950 and
 Professor Westbrook published
three more, mysteries. all for Phoe-
nix (now Arcadia Press). and an
anthology of Rural New England lit-
ei'atiire.

Durint.r this period Dr. Westbrook
also frcc-liiiiccd articles on the
tccliiiiquc of mystery writing and
literary criticisms for various pro-
fessional journals. Westbrook turn—
ed to a completely new and differ-
ent field. for him. in 1959 when.
sponsored by a Guggenheim Fellow-
ship, he published a socio—histoi'ival
book called The Biography of an
Islanth study of the people and
environment. on a small Maine
Coast island called Swans Island.

Background

Born in New York City. Professor
\‘i'estbrook spent most of his early
years in New Eii:;laiid. a‘i'aduailng
from high school in Maine.

He achieved his BA. from Co-
lumbia College in 1937 and his MA.
from Columbia University in ‘38.
Attending school on a part—time
basis. he achieved his Doctorate
from the same institution in 1950.

Westbrook began teaching as an
:Ls'slstillit Profes:-or of English at
the University of Kansas in 1938.
In 1941 he moved to the Georgia
Institute of ’l‘cchnology. and to the
University of Maine in the school
year of 1943-31-1. lie taiu'lit in pub-
lic hiLch siliooi in Nainc in 1914
and at Milne, in the English De-
partment. the followint- year. Since
leaving Milne. in 1945. he has scrv—
ed continuously on the staff of
SUCEA, leaching freshmen and un-
dergrad courses until attaining his
Doctorate in 1950, and. since. speci—
alizing in upper—level and grad
subjects.

At Present

Dr. Westbrook is presently await-
ing the publication of his latest
book. a scholarly study of It‘yodor
Dostoycvsky and Walt Whitniann
and tiicir work.

lie and his daughter. Aime. inne—
teen years old. presently attend—
ing William Smith (the iiiider—
graduate girl segment of llai‘pur
Collegci are now working on a book
about ‘ti'ail' horses anr riding. a
topic in which botii exhibit keen
interest,

in ntldltifiii to his oldest daugh-
icr. Aime, Professor Westbrook has
ll. son, I’aul. aged twelve. and an-
other inrl. i'linily, aLgctl iii. boili of
\\l1Iilli attend lilfgll school in Voor-
licesyillc. N‘ Y. whcrc l’i'ofcssor
Vi/t-sthrook and his family make
find home

 

I .
i Notice
The fifth journalism class of
the semester will be held Mom
day at .'l p.ni. in Room If. 'l‘he
topic will he advertising and
its role in college publications.
Students interested in any
phase of advertising are urged
to attend the class.

 

Buy Campus
Chest Boosters
Monday

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4. 1960

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.l?.§".¢l3/9N$_. ll

 

DE ‘3 l 5’ ‘W 5  ti Tiff. "It"! 

vvvvvvv-vvvvvv’ ' v—v—v”"""v' Vﬁwv'vv'vr vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv vvvv v v v v

Eamon-51d“

-AI-AIAA-A-A--A..-A---A-AAAALAAxAAAAAAAAI-AA--AA. .
15y ELAINE
‘[ did not come to these four walls to resign myself."—1.orca

Much .\do

. in Room 3 of lii'i.li.iclicr and i"s iioi u'imiii illilillii.' ()li mi
canvas. pencil I.'i pap i. did lilllli‘n on table pi'oic lllm‘ v.‘ do ild‘.’
some illitilscmci't‘fl i.dc;ii iodine on campus.

fly the \\.i_\. that bri iuliuc ll'flffil' oi. ine inr \\ Iii i liilll‘. ‘fll..’
And it couldn't l1:l\i‘t‘llti*l'li ll mori- suiianlc lliilll’lli‘.‘ io .‘siil'l’tiillnl it
much do you want for i1. funny? .\o. not lift' 1:..mc. lill [ilt'iiil‘i it

l.-.' l-Zveryliody Happy?

Arc you p.i.~..»in:: .fli of flour nndsliiis‘.‘ Do you il.I‘t' .l d lit” to:
U >iin ioiinal'.’ Are you lil.ilflf:‘..‘ iricizds' \\llll ilic l'liill pco, ic‘.’

Somebody lost a few iiiei du at one of the ilallotit'cn piriic I» ‘
weekend. If. s‘cciiis‘ as if flu-re were a few oluc moms and while for
bcforc the end of the (“.i‘llll]‘.‘. Wc hate to mention “discretion” llL’1illi. Iru
humor does iioi lime to be iinicd or taintcii to be humorous.

Decisions, Decisions.

Who needs Khrushchev we have our own breed of dictators ri. h'
here on campus who employ their own brand of "dcinoiioci'acy.” Lei. illi
liitlc frosts make their own tlt'i'irlolis so that the I)1S.', bear can conic lillili"
and veto them and assert his own great power.

Maybe. "nit-s ninja." you're just not making the right decisions. liui
then, of course, “right” is a \cry relative it’l‘ill (Just as "righteousne-.."
is a very i‘cizttiic coiict pii.

What's right for the noose is not always right for the flock, and
even if it is. they'd still like land they st deserti'i :t ('Iiuiii'c to find
it out for themselves.

Small What?
We've been Lit-Hun; waycr and waycr our around here. and now
we're actually faking oii iiiio outer space. 011 well. it's been done be»

fore. although not at a record hop. Just watch out for those low fliini!
clods oops clouds.

Employment Problems

Accordingr to the radio, workers are bclliif, "laid off" all around illt'

iri-city area. From the looks of things. we know whcrc ihcy‘re beiir'

rc-hired at the Student Union. And we know why they were lll'l'ti
occitssional paralysis fall they are able to move is their llitilliiiw. 'l‘ha-
t'HllJIUi'ct-s should be reminded that. talk is cheap and ‘vlli‘llH' is :1 cu '
ioincr's gold. Don't let the lili‘:ll, get. cold while you chew the fat!

Matches, Matches

'l'lilk about. ffiilulloii! 'l‘hc f'fi’l. of oiic fillili'Il-lﬂlltk has i'oilc It]! In ‘I
quarter! It's .‘lll‘i'ilfllllél, lllft' ailddire! la‘icryoiic is burning with fill
desire to contribute!

Spcakiiig of fires. who's been pulhni'. the false :il:ii‘iii.- around Ill!
dorins'.) Surely you can think of more f‘Xt'lllll'{ pranks flnin that!

Sorority-li‘itculty Relations . . .

. .should be iinpi'oicd lliti" if all coopcrnh- with the 'l'i'»l II”:
weekend The voi'oi'iiics intend to, o ilmi leaves. the other no l.l 1‘: in.dxl
this .i Sunday afternoon of liiioliH’t‘ thinkiiiit!

‘.’ of the Week

Who‘s .’|il.ll.l am. oh. wit-,1. S’IIllliiI. win. oh .

College Co/endar

1i ItllMY. NtiH'lMHlﬁlt ‘1
1111) p 111.
't :11) pin
li~l'.! pni.

 

 

llllinriiin (Ioncei'i.

l’iiyruc. (‘lub lVlf‘i-ilfiif

Hllii licioid Ilop

SA’I'I'ItliAY. NtWI‘LMISlu‘It 5

iii of) n in. I’Iiiit‘l‘~thIt‘l'l)ill‘y Football

f—.i |illi iii-ii '/.ci;i IlliI iii;‘,llili Alpha l“oiin.d ltu h l'uilli~
ii pin ~l .110 u in. Aid: n. fit. but ncr ifllti l‘icicc i"lil’lilitl.»
SI'NUAY, NOVI'lMlHCIt Ii

lid) pin. 1iilei'~.‘3‘oi'oi'ii.y ii‘aculfy 'f‘ea.

.‘i—fi pin. Potter ()pen lllllilit’.

MONDAY. NOVEMBER 7

3:00 pin. Journalism Class at lirubachei'.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4. 1960

Draper Art Gallery Shows
Photography of Shaker Sect Hears Speaker

The present exhibit of the Art
Department is a display of photo-
graphs of the Shaker Communities
in New York State, which existed
during the 18th and 19th century.
This photographic collection was
made by William F‘. Winter. It was
donated to the History Museum by
Mrs. Juliana Force. former director
of the Whitney Museum in New
York City.

The communities which are iii-
cluded in the display are Mount
channon and Watcrvlict, New
York, and West Pitfsfield, Massa-
chusetts. The first. Shaker group in
America was the Watcrvliet settle-
ment in 1776. The first community
was New Lebannon in 1788.

The Shaker movement originated
in the early 18111 century. Its pi'opcr
title was "Believers in the Second
Ctilllillt." of Christ." The basic prin—
ciples of this. rcli;ious scci arc
virgin purify. iu'u c. Justice and
love impressed in a cclibnic iii'er.
lltill-l'tklsliiiict‘. 1' community of
:zoods. and uniici'sul broihtrhood.

The lillfilfii’l‘nfillr l'tlll'ti llu- :di-~
fire life \ihiih iiie Hindu-rs lcd 'l'hc
structure oi the t'iiilillllllliiV liouscr
\vas burn—like. idt'Iilll' ;-.rchitcciur:i1
detail.

'l‘hi. t"xllll)il i. the second in the

series sponsored by the art depart-

ment and will be on display through
November 11.

Senate . . .

fC'Inifiilllt'lf front Page 1, Column 8)
include such items as May to May
elections. Class Presidents on Sen—
ate. acquisition of central govern-
ment office. development of usable
election bill. investigation of new
method of student representation.
and an investigation of securing a
team physician to serve the inter-
ests of the college’s varsity athletic
teams.

It was pointed out that there
should have been no need for Presl-
dcni Robinson to take such forceful
methods to step up the work of the
Senate. but he. as well as others
actively interested in Student Gov-
ernment. realized that. the Senate
was lieuinninu to fall into a posi-
iioii oi mediocrity.

Machines :‘I'I'IVI'

'f'uo newly purchased duplicating
machines wcrc to have been deliv-
f'l'i'ii io Brubachcr flail yesterday.
'I‘licsm inaihiiics will be available
for use by flic Student Associ-ilion
at the litilll'.\ dcsiuiiiufcd bi.‘ the
newly appointed Lab Assistant lict-
iy Palinio ‘fii.

C hapferl nsfa/ls,

From UBEA

Hollie Guy. executive director of
the United Business Education As-
sociation, will be the guest speaker
at Phi Beta Lainbda's installation
of officers Thursday at 7:30 pm.
in Brubacher. The organization will
alos be chartered at this time.

After the installation, which will
be administered by Mr. Guy, there
will be entertainment, refreshments.
and dancing. Committee chairmen
include: set-up. Jack Zimmer '64:
service, Mary Ogradnik ‘62 and
Robert Costello ‘61; entertainment.
Joseph Oppedisano ’61: refresh-
ments. Audrey Cramer ’63: dancing.
Kathy Sand and Judy Weiss '64:
and restoration, Fred Smith '64.

The group at Albany State is the
first. and at present, the only Phi
Beta Lambda Chapter in New York
State. It is part of the college divi-
sion of the United Business Educa-
iioii Association and Future Busi-
ness Leaders of America. which
plan the addition of hiin school
chapters of the F.3LA iii the near
lllllll'l'.

'l'lie UBEA includes in its activi-
lies a number of coffee hours to
larcseni professional speakers.

PAGE 3

 

7/“; Saleem

By BILL FRANKONIS

Mortimer was a rather precocious
brat who started school at the age
of 2%, started Junior High at 5%.
and was graduated from High
School at 10. Naturally. colleges all
over the country vied to enroll
Mortimer’s mental might at their
institution, but Mortimer had his
heart set on being a teacher. so he
went to a state supported college
for teachers, the name of whicn
shall remain unsaid since it is try-
ing to forget about Mortimer.

Off to college went little Morti-
mer. his box of crayons under one
arm and his 75-volume set of
Nietzsche under the other. while in
his pocket he carried 10 bucks for
beer money since he had heard that
guzzling was as much a part of
college life as panty raids.

Before the first week had passed,
Mortimer became the sensation of
the campus when he registered for
the unheard of total of 25 hours.
But brave Mortimer, fair Mortimer
withstood the onslaught of his con—
temporaries. kept his chcrub’s chin
up high. his upper lip stiff. and his
head in his academic cloud; all of
vxhich made him look rather gro-
tesqiic.

Htaifilt'lily Mortimer carried on.
and continued to amaze. all. 1215
marks soared lll“lll'l' than any inch

 

 

 

i..'.|I,|l I if.

refreshes your taste

every puff

III l'ol no |'oiiip.iiiy

 

For the cool, i'i'cs‘li :itii'i-

 

Ilt‘h‘H iii Salem’s b‘niokt: is the vci'y essence of springiiinc. This
most refreshing cigarette of all is made even more so by
Salem's special Iligli l’orosily paper that “aiiusoftcns” the
smoke. You'll be delighted with Salem’s springtime freshness
—~ its rich, tobacco taste. Smoke refreshed . . . smoke Salem!

e menthol fresh
a rich tobacco taste
a modern filter, too

 

 

 

could measure. IBM machines cried,
the Nobel commitee readied for
unprecedented action and through
it all went the mettlesome Mortimer
never yielding to the temptations
which abounded around him. And
the world applauded, and cheered
and cried and laughed and then
went home and went to bed.

Imperceptibly. almost invisibly,
a changed occurred in Mortimer.
Nobody noticed that he became pale,
that his eyes became red, that his
10 bucks dwindled to two, and that
he had started shaving at the age
of 11. Then one day, Mortimer drop-
ped five of his nine courses, the
four remaining he stopped attend-
ing. and finally, the Dean called
Mortimer in for a talk. “Mortimer,
I have the feeling something is
bothering you." “Yeah. man, I’m
swinging. Like the books bug me
now. Anyway, I'm too young" to go
to colliue: me inudder forged me
birt‘ certificate. I'm a kid, ya see.
Jack? I'm a kid and I'm gonna
act like one. none 0‘ dis erowin‘ tip
mm for Lift‘. Ya hear. Jack?”

So Mortimer quit and formed a
club called TGIF: To Growup Is
Fordabii'ds The organization still

exists. Mortimer? Today he fa-
shions lu-iiuton valves for tennis
rackch and whcn asked about his

collcitc career. he nony replies.
"Duh. I was just tryin' to be a nice
2,1151"

One thing about Mortimer.
fliouuh. hc iitny not be the happiest
any in the world. but nobody made
him grow up. nosiir. not inettlesome
Mortimer.

ISC to Hold Tea

ISC is initiating a Faculty ’I‘ea
Sunday. 3 to 5 pin. in Bi'ubncher's
flower Lounge, according to Lil
Mullen '(il. Vice-Picsidcnt.

The usual practice has been to
have individual teas at each of the
eiehf sororities. This new pi‘occtilli‘c
will eliminate much of ilie ilii'till-
vcnicnce to faculty member. who
before had to travel from one sor-
orin to another.

Invitations have been sent to all
the faculty. and members of coin
sorority nrc ('fillf'tfif‘tl to attend.

The tea is under the direciinn of
liliiiiic Zipper ‘o'l. l"rc.~.id<iif lzl
Mullen ‘fil. Vice-Picsidciifz Marn-
Miranda 'fll. Sc. i'cfary: Alzii’ui‘ Kro-
iinc 'lil. ’l‘i'easurci'; and Dolls Edel-
siciii '62. the head of reii'csliinenf
lloslcr-sm i'cpi'esciitiiiu cuch soror-
iiy will .’1't‘t‘i the futility.

News Attends Party

’l‘\\'o (if‘lf‘i'fiil'S from State (‘ollccc
News. lrcnc Wistci' and Linda Ins—
M'llc, Siuihoniores, are :ilit‘lltIlll‘J
the 11160 State Uiuvcr:iiy l’f‘cs:
Association Annual (.‘oiifei'i-ncc Ililtl
in Syracuse November 3 io Novem-
her :3.

Amour. the main features of Iiit
iii'o;.:i';iiii i..i spt-ccli by Dr. l'.'\'iiii li‘
(.‘olliiis. pi'ts‘idciif of [in- collc‘c
to a faculty workshop. llis' topic
\\'.i.\ Inc role of the ifflllllllihlldlliili
ni ciiiipus' publications.

fir 'l’lioina, if, ll.iinilion. l‘i:.i
iii'lli Ill Ilif‘ Hldlt' l'lil\ci':xl|'. Iii Ni‘V.
Yolli. opt lit'li ilic illllii'lf‘lill‘ ‘.\illi .i
l~'.c\nofc address .u Illi' il'..ilif ban
(liicl.

\Viiil-..‘-.liii]i. (\l\f‘lllf‘ pirmir. Hi liic
lililillt.i|ltilf of lil'\‘.:~]i.|iill~ _\l'.ii-
cooks. .llltI lifci'aiy ill.il'.l/’.ll|f'.\ were
licld yi-siciday and will continue
today

'l‘omorrow officers will be elected.
and plans for the ycni' will be made

lFC Plans

Il"(".\ a n n u at I~‘i'osh — li’lfrwilllli
opening infcr- I"l'iil('l'llll)' t‘ouni-il
Hliuikci’ loi' .fli t'lfgflilt' iiisliccs. both
I“l'ti5ll and :xf't'iilltl sciiicsfci‘. will be
field if wet-k iroiii Monday. Novem-
iicr H. .il 11 pin. in lii‘iLbnclier All
male students are welcome io at-
tend As presently planned, the
Smoker will rim for approxnnniely
two hours, with cntci'tainnn-ni bc-
iiii: provided by each fraternity and
refreshments by the lli‘t‘.

 

