PAGE 4 STATE COLLEGE NEws FRIDAY. NOVEMBER II. 1960

STATE COLLEGE THEATER

PART II
443m @pem’ng Wig/ti . . .

The State College Theater is officially only six years old, but its origins, its first
roots are firmly planted in the pre-World War I soil of 1915. In the Fall of that year, the
first drama course at State was opened under the tutelege of Professor Richmond H.
Kirtland. This course, Elementary Dramatic Production, was born as a result of a non-
credit discussion course held the previous semester.

Two years later, in 1917, a second drama course, Advanced Dramatic Production,
was organized under Professor Agnes Futterer, who was continually to play a leading
role in the steady development of drama at State. An interesting and highly important
point to be noted in relation to these two courses is that State College was the third col—
lege in the United States to offer credit in drama courses, a fact which makes State a
true pioneer in the history of college dramatic production.

The next major step in State’s drama curriculum occurred in 1936 when two
more courses were added: Playwriting and Stagecraft. Following this, the next outstand-
ing change to occur was this year’s division of the Speech Minor field into three main
areas of emphasis, with drama being included in the three; also. these same areas are
now offered on the graduate level leading to an MA.

Extra-Curricular Drama

Th first recorded play at State College was the 1913 production of Ibsen‘s A Doll‘s
House. With the advent of the drama curriculum two years later, play productions went
into dull activity, and thereafter, at least two plays a year were presented. The 0r-
ganization 0f the Dramatics and Art Association in 1919 gave this program a boost
which added even greater momentum to an already fast—moving project. The D&A
Association, governed by the Dramatics Council, had as its first faculty advisors, Miss

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 11. 1960

PAGE 3

 

Futterer.

The plays produced in this era were presented in various places around Albany
and in the old auditorium which today is known as Hawley Library. But the “travelling

 

college players” were also welcomed, enthusiastically, in Albany High School, Vincen-

    

a L:”ia.;2t Li. 

“"42: 1.! . =2
1 is .
,V ‘

  

Dr. Paul B. Pettit

K4

  

 

' 9x- ,WMM ,

  

From the library to Page in 1929

tian Institute, and the Albany Institute of History and Art. Finally, in 1929, on January
14, the players came home as Page Hall Opened its doors for the first play to be pre-
sented in the “new” auditorium. Having settled itself permanently, State‘s drama pro—
gram, under Miss Futterer‘s guidance, continued to grow and improve steadily.

State College Theater was officially born in 1954 with the organizing hand of Dr
Paul B. Pcttit guiding the move, and as a result, participation in dramatics was opened
to all students of State College, where previously it had been limited to those students
enrolled in drama courses. The scope of dramatic activity enlarged trernemtously and
with the enthusiasm today so typical of the Theater, the new organization undertook
as its first effort, George Bernard Shaw's Androeles and the Lion. The play met with
enormous success. virtually assuring the group of a long and rich existence, the truth
of which is consistently proven with each succeeding and fruitful year.

Personalities Throughout the Years

()ne highly important aspect of drama at State has always been the presentation
of famous personalities and groups to the student body. Both the Dramatics and Art
Association and the State College Theater have worked in close conjunction to bring
State high quality performers and lecturers. it is interesting to note several of the most
important of these personalities:

1920 John Drinkwater, English author

1925 ~-Alexander Woolcott, critic

19:17 (,‘hristopher Morley, author

lttlti Cornelia Otis Skinner, author and actress

1941 Louis Untcrmyer, editor and poet

Among the groups presented at State haVe been the Cleveland i’layers the Can
adian Players, and several outstanding college drama groups. ' )

Some Scattered Applause

The history of the State College ’[‘heater and the groups associated with it is one
of long and outstanding achievement, achievement that has brought continued praise
and prestige to State. Because its value cannot be measured materially, many tend to
overlook how important a part of our campus the Theater is, an attitude that is not
justifiable by any means, for the 'l‘heatcr is a vital and permanent part of our college life.
The players keep changing, but the show still goes on.

 

 

 

Dr. Paul B. l’ettit

 

Li
The Little Theater:

 

Mr. James M. Leonard

. . . to [Mg-Rm 4/12

From its inauspicious beginnings, when no one honest-
ly suspected the magnitude which drama would attain at
State College, to its present operations, the State College
Theater has moved steadily forward. It has drawn on and
added to its tradition with each succeeding year until to-
dta‘y it stands out as a model of stage production and oper-
a ion.

The Theater today functions as a production group,
that is, its sole objective is to prepare and perform the
dramas chosen by the script committee, a D&A group of
Juniors and Seniors.

This production organization is guided by a faculty
direction staff which is responsible for directing both the
technical and acting aspects of the theater. This year’s
direction staff is formed by Dr. Paul B. Pettit, Dr. Jarka
M. Burian and Mr. James M. Leonard. The year’s first dra-
matic production, The Iceman Cometh, was directed by
Dr. Burian with Mr. Leonard serving as technical director.
The directorship is a rotating position with each member
of the staff directing one production a year.

Dramatic and Art Association

The Dramatics and Art Assocration, or “D&A" as it
is generally called, is an organization devoted to the pres-
entation of programs in drama and art at State College
a major part of which is the presentation of the produc-
tions of the State College Theater. The administrative arm
of the association is the Dramatics and Art Council, which
is presently under the leadership of John Lucas ’61,.

The association is an organization independent of the
State College Theater, officially speaking; however, the
lines between the two are indistinct, for they work as al-
most a single organization, with a tight professional co-
operation pervading all their projects. The result of this c0—

 

operation is an annual series of high-caliber dramatic and
artistic entertainment.
Production Staff

The all-important technical aspect of the State College
Theater is handled by a talented group known as the pro-
duction staff. To this staff, manned entirely by students,
falls the little-recognized tasks of any theater. All the areas
of the Theater apart from acting and directing are the
responsibility of the production staff with scenery, light-
ing and props being just three of these areas.

Dramatic Tournament

Another important facet of State’s drama program is
the annual High School Dramatic Tournament sponsored
by D&A, These schools gain valuable experience from this
competition, but the implications of such a program go
deeper than that, for this experience gained may one day
become a new, vital addition to State's own dramatic act-
ivity.

The Final (‘urtain

The eveiugrowing, ever-living activity of the State Col-
lege Theater hardly ends with this coverage. As was men-
tioned earlier, the Theater has become a permanent part
of our college life, and, undoubtedly, the only major
changes will be ones of growth.

A history rich in tradition has fostered an unquench-
able spirit of theatrical participation and has resulted in
a reputation for being one of the finest dramatic. groups in
the state for the Theater. About the future, just one thing
is certain: the only direction seen for the State College
Theater is upward and outward.

This writer wishes to express his thanks to John Lucas
for his time and cooperation; to Terry Reilly for his excel-
lent photographs; and to Dr. Paul B. l’ettit for invaluable
assistance in compiling the information for these articles.

 

 

State’s largest lecture hall: Draper 349

 

Richardson 291 D&A: The meetings aren’t always formal

 

1 .

Dr. Jarka M. Burian

 

