  

 

PAGE 2

Color Blind?

Discrimination has never been a problem at State Col-
lege before, but the color line was certainly well defined
at the “Inter-sorority” beer party held last Monday eve-
ning. Suddenly the color of your banner and the shape
of your pin made the difference between a smile and a snub.
What was the theme of the party, “Separate Tables?”

We all do go to the same school; we are all plagued by
the same courses; we are all bound by the same traditions!
There certainly must be a common topic of conversation
somewhere within the ranges of all our vast experiences!

This is rushing season, but it is not a full scale war!
There is no penalty for fraternizing with “the enemy.”
There are no “Reserved” signs on the cafeteria tables.

We must learn to accept the fact that there are other
colors as bright as ours; other back yards as green.

Needless to say, we should be proud of the groups to
which we belong; but even more so, we should be prouder
of ourselves as individuals. To stand alone is not a sign of
weakness; it is the basis of the strength of the group.

E.L.R.

College Calendar

FRIDAY, OCTOBER M
7:30 pm. Rivalry Sing, Quadrangle Field.
8:30 pm. Bonfire, Beverwick.
9:00 pm. I.F.G.

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15

 

 

11:30 am. Alumni Luncheon, Alden_Waterbiiry Hall.
1:00 pm. Parade beginning at Sayles Hall.
2:00 pm. Soccer. Vet‘s Field.

5:30 pm. Lunch Party. Dewitt Clinton.

9:00 pm. Dance, Alden-Waterbury Hall.
SUNDAY. OCTOBER 16

3:00 pm. Jazz Concert, Marian McPartland Trio, Page Hall.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 17

3:00 pm. Journalism Class, Brnbaclicr Hall.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18

8:30 pm. “Arms and the Man". Page Hall.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CBPA Second Place ACP

Vol. XLV October 7, 1960 No, 18

 

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from 7 to I]
pm. at IV 2-3326 extension 11 Phones Libous IV 2-55-15; Gebhardt UN 0-0707.
Wieninger IV 2.3320; Lablelle IV 0-9834.

 

The undergraduate newspaper of State University College of Education at Albany.
published every Friday of the College year by tiie News Board for the Student
Association,

NEWS li().-\l{l)
BARBARA LEBOUS . . .  . . ..
ROBERT GEBIIARUI‘ .
EDWARD MANGELSDOIH’
ELAINE ROMA’I‘OWSJKI
WILLIAM FRANKUNIS
BARBARA WIENINGER .
VALERIE YUM":

JAMTES DOUGHEI-L'l‘Y 

. . . . . . . . . . ,. IiDI'l‘Ult-IN-(TllIl'Il"
 Managing Editor

. . . . . . . .. A.~50t'lliit‘ Editor

. . . lt‘eat lil‘e Editor

A ~:.oclutc Feature Editor
Muslin-s,» Advertsznu l-Idaor

, (Tlrciilation and Exchange Editor
. Constiltliig Sports l-Lditor

 

S'l'.'\l"l“
Jame: Blenkcr, 'l‘ho:nus Viaiii-sc lr~ne \\'i.tt~r. Doris .\liil;ch. Ann Smit‘a [to .il..
Feiidtck. William l’itsqtierelhi Carol Malina/l, l.i:id.i IlliSIillf', I‘Itltt'dl'tl Munw-Lmlort
All (ominiiiilrations should be lltltll"".~i‘tl to the minor and inu.t b:- .-.i«,:ned Ntlllil'
will be Withheld on requt-d 'l‘ne S'I‘A'l'l‘; (‘t)l.l.l'.‘(il~i Nl-Itt’ﬁ assume, no r liflllnili.I'
for opinions cxpre sed in .1}. column. or tozninuincation., a.. such t~s;ii‘i-,.-.ioii:. do in.‘
necessarily reflect its views.

 

 

 

 
 
   

x},-

/ x 2.1.7 "if"?

I “754‘ .12”. r
 :.

   
  

 

 

 

 

 

VOUHHJEIOSWD 'tLitiNQint. (‘iltOWD To SHU'vaP OR NO
MODE DOM~DOM scoot) you won.

 

 

60W

It has been said that students to-
day are so preoccupied with achiev-
ing security, and fitting into the
"organization" way of life after gra~
duation, that they have no time for
politics.

 

I don’t believe this to be trUe.
Today's college student is fully
aware that there can be no security
unless the polititcal system upon
which the entire nation depends is
sound and healthy. That means
electing the best possible men and
women to office.

Knowing this, students generally
are taking a more active interest in
politics than ever before. I would
like to see a general acceleration of
this interest, with many thousands
of students throughout the State
participating as working-observers
in the 1060 campaign. The knowl-
edge that comcs from experience is
invaluable, and I can think of no
more beneficial period than time
spent studying the process which
determines otir destiny.

I have made a proposal along
these lines to your President, and to
the leaders of the three political
parties of the State, that they make
it possible for you to participate in
the campaign for a three week per-
iod beginning in October through
election day on November 8.

Such participation would not take
the place of usual campus political
activities, nor conflict with the ac-
adcmic program. However. I think
you will agree that students work-
ing with the party of their choice at
all levels of the campaign in your
county would discover the experi-
ence to be a most. satisfying and
instructive one.

I therefore invite you to sign tip
for this unique opportunity to en-
gage in a political campaign. For
additional information and specific
assignment, I suggest you contact
the chairman of the political party
of your choice in your county.

With Best wishes,

Sincerely,
NELSON A. ROCKEFELLER

To the Editor:

It is good to rcturn to Statc and
find that the NEWS has not changed
in the least. One still finds that the
NEWS follows the deep-rooted trad-
ition of complaining about every-
thing. One was disappointed to find,
however, in the swond editorial that
the author offered some construc-
tivc advice.

The regular feature columns still
(ll~])l:l)’ the same quality. Take, for
instance. last week's PRISM. The
author. it seemed had nothing to
say, but she displayed her liici‘ai‘y
>l{lll by taking an entire column to
tell her reader». this obvious fact.
Perhaps she could ask ()lillill’US for

A advice. \t'lii;.\t' inoihcrly advice should

one stiyt'tl with inoilicr, or maybe
surrciidt-r hcr spate to thc adver-
llbtlllt', cditoi'. who was considerate
ciiou'zh to it‘dit' some spat-c for news
bt-twccn "A smoking man'» iiitt-r”
and tlic "New (‘oi'viiii"'

‘(‘.iii the News really
bind: with tradition .iiid allow a
pit-:c-iiiit tlLiIlllt‘l' in lit-iiiiiarl-z to
coiiltiiitt' pittittllii‘ ciitoyabli- l'i'lltl-
lit"?

lii closlii ',

.l.I". and SM.

 

l Share Your Lunch

The family of students is
worldwide yet select. We, as col~
leue students, definite
and real tie with hundreds of
thousands of students in all cor-
ners of the world. We are quite
willing and happy to share the
rciilm oi scholarship with them
unfortunately. they are not able
to share with us our opportuni-
ties. It is our duty as the most
fortunate students in the worltl.
to come in the aid of those in
our family.

have a

Share your lunch with a col-
league in Athens or IIong Kong
this year.

Think about it now and act
in a few weeks when the oppor-
tunity presents itself. ('ontributc
to your f‘iimpus (‘hest Drive.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. OCTOBER 14. 1960

Bootin' ‘Em . . . Two Ways

It is not customary for a newspaper to acknowledge
its errors in an editorial, but occasionally, a breach of‘ cus-
tom is warranted—especially when the error cannot honest-
ly be justified.

The error to which we refer is last week‘s omission of
a State athletic record tied two Weeks ago by State's Frank
Fallace. Frank just happened to boot four goals against
Geneseo—«a fact which, admittedly, is difficult to overlook,
but somehow it was. The latest mark equalled the old rec-
ord of four goals set two years ago by . . . that’s right, Frank
Fallace.

We’re not apologizing, Frank. The omission is beyond
apology, and we know you’d be the last guy to look for
one; but we are congratulating and promismg that your
superlative efforts will not be overlooked in the future.

By way of conclusion and proof of our intentions, we
might add that Frank added three more scores against
Adelphi last Saturday, which gives him a total of seven
on the year—half way to State's record fourteen, which
was also set two years ago.

Oh, that last record, by the way. belongs to none other
than Frank Fallace. Keep kickin' cm, Frank.

WAF

D .
ear Oedipus Sm it It

DEAR OEDIPUS: In answer to your resent. question concerning
the College's moving, I offer the following answer since your answer
neither pleased nor amused inc.

 

l‘nited we stand on the beautiful campus.

Taking the bull the government hands us.

Will we take buses, golf carts, or horses.

To go to the classes that really don‘t bore us‘.’

This is the problem with which we are faced,

Pedagogical members of this vast human race.

The big wheels all tell us, and this we believe,

The site will be different, when we I)() leave.

So keep your hopes high. and your baggage all packed,

You might soon be schoolingr by the State‘s famous track—-

If this isn’t so as I‘ve told you before.

You'll lower your heads as the caddy yells, "Fore!"

Your question is answered. I'm certain of this,

Your moiherly wife, Mrs. .locasta Smith.

DEAR J()(‘AS’I‘A: For your interest I'm grateful, I have to admit:
but your poetry, please. will you practice a bit‘.’

1: m t t r I:

DEAR (JEDIPUS: My problem is vttry hard to .‘\(II\1', Nobody Ilkt'v
inc IM'l'illl‘il‘ they say I'm conceited. This is not true. 'l‘hcy are stupid
flow can I get them to realize that l'm llit'il' natural lcadcr‘)

A l )(iliPII “B(.)().\I-Il()().\'l" ll ['I'l .l'Ilt

DEAR BOOM: In my experiences in Germany, I learned vou used
that line before. However, now it seems you have fallen into (lisi'uvor
as you indicate. I suggest you move to Antarctica and try to recoup with
the penguins. Penguins are quite gregarious and are easily ch.

t' t * t -i= 4:

l)l‘.‘Alt ()ICDIPUS: What should you (to \‘.‘ith a pi'oblciii like niinc‘.’
i get three invitations to no out on Friday and none tor Saturday.

FICAS'I' ()It l".-\ AllNl'.

IIICAR I-‘AM: Before I answer i our question, I should like to H‘-
mind you that this is a very intellectual column and not something
dedicated to palpitating puppy-love. So let's have no more questions
like this.

Still, Firm, 1 must admit, you sound Illit'i'chtin'r. I assume you are a
female (girl, went-h, etc.i and being robust, red-blooded, and rcd.e_ied.
I think my interest is natural, 'cause you can't hardly find girls around
here no more. Ah, women. But to your question. I can't imagine what
your problem is, really. After all. what are you‘.’ A g‘igolocss‘.’ Besides.
anybody who has three dates on l'riday night, could hardly be in an)
shape for a date on Satiirdai.

r a 4 4 t a

DIG/Ali (il'illll'l'S \Vil\ illitwi .i\ti‘.til1l' ltiiill .ii ill‘t'tl'.)

WI 1 )l‘.‘~ A W A Ii l'

DEAR. “A: I imagine it's from the fast-paced loving at State
Any doctor will tell you that all this running around doesn't do )0”
any good. ltushing here, rushing tlicre. Inter) where you look: rush, ruhll-
rush. Rushing in . . . I mean . . . to the cafeteria; rushing at
1 mean . . . for open homes; rushing on , . . l llll‘llll . . . up the street
M-cmis like nobme lilies to he alone any more; lII\\i|)h running tor the
crows.

1 0 r f 1 I
l)l'.-\lt Ultlill’l'ri flow tlltl llit' btaiin li.ttfii.oii lit't'ltt"

NI'IWS lit ll‘NlI

"IA" NEWS: "HUB ill-30. when Frosh were. young, iiiipressionabli-
and sickly, someone decided that their health should be loolicd out 1013
so they sought to protect their nebulous noggin.. steel helmets were
devised, but eventually, these became a permanent part of the head Mill
the hunt resumed. llorse»heuds were tried. t'l‘liev were finally donated l0
the library for usage on IMifiIhIlIlltIIllg-‘al After that. \‘lU'IOIlhillllllgb were
tried, but all failed. Among these are numbered: old campaign button-s.
nunerias, homecoming floats, old NYM‘T stationery and lilgltlillﬁ.

(if course. this all goes for saying: “my the heck do I know how “I”
beanie tradition began?

 

STATE COLLEG E

Ratio Rise, Loans, Enrollment
Increases Housing Problem

By 1CD MANGELSDORF

The collate is suffering from lack
of space. The housing situation is
in a critical state. What are the
reasons, and where do the answers
he? in a recent interview with Rob-
ert K. Munsey, Director of Housing.
he gave us some insight to the prob—
lems confronting the college.

Commuters

There has been a substantial in—
crease iii the llLllill_\ci‘ of commuters
wishing: to live in the dorms. In the
past year the National Defense Act
has come into full swing. This act
coupled with the New York State
Higher Education Assistance Loan,
has enabled students to borrow
money, if he lt‘lttlit'n for five years
in a public school system, he only
has to pay back half of the loan.
Also he is only charged interest on
the 50". llc has tip to 11 years to
pay back the loan. and if service
or grad work nitcryenes the interest
or loan paymcnts do not start until
all of his Ul)ll§1.lil(ills are met.

'l‘hcrcfore, the commuter, undcr
these acts has opportunity to borrow
money. Whereas lil'it‘l't‘ he was rcv
litctant to live on c.tll!;itlS, he now
has ample tqiportuniiy because of
the lll)t‘l'ltl money uranted under
these programs.

Ratio Rise

The ratio of womcn to men llil.\
risen considerably in the pits! year.
In the class of 1903 the ratio is 43!;
women to 1320 men. The ratio is 2:1:
In the class of 196-1 there are 513
women to :12: men. The ratio is 2.321.
in 1060-00 the total enrollment of
women to men was 1,438 to 1,054.
In ititio the total enrollment. of wt)-
incn to men is 1.023 to 1,037. As is
ippurciit by these figures, tlicre has
lit‘t'll llll lllit'qlliil rise lli jli‘opoi'lioli
of wonicn to men.

l<‘rcshmen women have bccn tri—
pied in rooms at. Brubachcr, Aldcn,
and to some extent. in Pierce Ilall.
Roughly, 00 male students have been
turned away from the dorms. A
Li‘cat number of junior. senior, and
grad women haic their own apart-
iiiciits.

Munsey had this to say about the
rise, "Unless there is a sign of re—
duction in the ratio of women to

men we will be faced with a con-
stant problem your after year."
New Dorms

The two new wings are being con-
striicted which are expected to be
toiiipleted by the Fall of 1961. The
law wine, on Alden Hall is expected
t. house 86 women. The wing being,r
added to Waterbury is expected to
house 126 additional men.

Adams House and Jefferson House
have been added this year. Yet
Grant and Jackson Houses were
torn down. ’l‘herefore the building
[ii'osi‘alll has pretty well balanced
ilseif otit. Munsey‘s comment: "Al—
though there has been an overall
tlll'f)lilllt‘lll rise, and the female to
inch ratio has risen, we have not
been able to show a net gain in our
to IINIIIJ, facilities."

llowt-vcr, Munsey feels that thc
ncxt year will oifer a "brcathiir:
.spcll‘ for the men's housing prob-
leiii.

Opinion

it appears that part of the solu-
tion will he in whether 01' not the
t't.lit‘.',t.‘ will move to a new site.
\‘i'ncn this is finally decided, there
can then be a long range building
program put into effect. We should
.iiso spcctilutc that the college will
..c appropriating more private
ll tl!:it‘.\ to schice the needs of the
tudcnts.

Frosh Skit

William Schmidt ‘64, has been
sclcctcd by the freshman class to
Llll'f‘i'l the l'rosh skit. He will be
aided by Isadora Harland as assis—
taiit director and Karen Jiircw'icr.
as tiiort ouraphcr.

’i‘lic tryouts for singers, dancers,
and actors will take place in Draper
341.2 Sunday. from (5 through 10 pm.
Anyone planning to attend should
be prepared to present something
rciirc>ciitutivc of his abilities. Peo-
ple attending the tryouts are asked
to use the Washington Avenue cn-
li'aiicc to Draper.

'l‘hc skit. which will be presented
on (‘uinpus Night, November it, was
\‘.l’lllt'll by Lillian Schmidt, Barbara
Sticndorff. Karen Jurcwicx, and
William Schmidt, freshmen.

Senate Passes
Election Bill

By JIM DOUGIIERTY

Acting “as if in the committee of
the whole," Senate rushed through
a bill providing for the annual
Who‘s Who election. All members of
the three upper classes are eligible
to cast ballots. Each person shall be
allowed thirty-two first place votes.
Voting will take place today, Mon-
day and Tuesday from 9 am. to
4 pm. at the voting booth in lower
Draper.

Financial Confusion

By means of a wordy and com-
plicated bill, Senate managed to
make provisions for the State (‘01-
logo News to pay for its recently
acquired addressotiraph machine.
Mathematically the bill is sound.
Many people are still confused. how-
ever. on just what is to be done
'l‘wo facts are apparent —--the S('
News has a new machine and the
bill for payment will be paid.

l‘edagog‘uc— Plus or Minus?

The latest report from Senate‘s
iinaiicial iidiiiiiiLstrators is that the
Pedogogue really didn't go over last
year‘s budget by $3,000. It appears
someone is overly confused eon—
tcriiina‘ the operation of our ac—
counting system and financial poli—
cit-s.

Progress At Dippikill

SA President Robinson reports
that Camp Board is prepared to go
ahead with its plans to construct a
road at otir campus' northern most
point~ Cainp Dippikill. A contractor
and siirveycr have already been
“hired.” Final details of the project
are soon to be released. There was
no mention. however. of a ground-
brcaking ceremony.

Skip The Bother And The Fuss

Senators now have to hand-write i'

all proposed legislation since the
injunction by the Business Depart-
ment limiting the
[+10 of college duplicating machines.
Something is being done, however,
to alleviate this problem. As in the
past, Senate seems to initiate action
only at a point when a situation
becomes critical.
Miscellaneous

Either the snack bar should pro—
vide faster service for senators. or
senators should arrive a bit earlier
. . . Is Senate trying to dictate policy
to Debate Council? . . . Since when
do Senate minutes report action a
week before it is approved?

 

 

 

 

Have 3&3! cigarette-have a CAMEI

The best tobacco makes the best smoke!

. b
it J int... .iis 'l‘tiiuttu t'u. “llillull siilciii, i\ 1.. ;

 
  
 

 

 

‘, l"

as v 
3 HWA’ISH o ocmasr/c
; to EN!)

    

 
  

t‘tti- \t‘t‘ilr

 

NEWS FRIDAY. OCTOBER 14.

extracurricular '

. .-»«-l.v'~%s‘ir~.—vvmn ymm—uw-w.w. . 

1960

PAGE 3

 

 

. well, I was! It was all a lie!
I really don't live in a cave wherein
I hide . . . uh . . . all my prisms. No,
I don't live there at all. I really live
in a great big hole with nothing
above, nothing below, and nothing
all around but the wildly weird cries
of Rah! Rah! Rah!" and “Go State
Go!" and “TGIF!”

No? You don't like that? Well,
how about —— I live in a world of
muted shadows where the only light
is a reflection and the only sound
an echo.

No‘.’ Not that either, huh? OK.
1 live in a beautiful place where
everyone belongs and likes it, and
the motto is “Above all else to the
group be true," and we all paint
.‘lllllf‘S on our faces the way we paint
s;;ti'kle in our eyes, and then we
all join hands and skip through life
with a song on our lips and a diruc
in our hearts. And to the on-lookcr,
we look like the project of a harm-
less Bellevuc inmate who was given
a pair of very dull scissors.

Sometimes I think I‘m going mad
because I can’t see my reflection in
the mirror and whatever I do see
looks like Greek! And sometimes I

 

think I am mad because life seems
rt) simple!

There are times when it is much

71w 

By ELAINE ROMATOWSKI

better to be a square than a block.
O O t

I would like to welcome our altim-
iii back to the home of the free
and the brave. (Only one is true
and because of this, the other is
come them back to the molder of
fate. (That is not a misspellingo I
would like to, but I won’t because
I know that when I ﬁnally join the
ranks of all those sainth person-
nages known as alumni. I shall look
back upon my years of higher edu-
cation with nothin: but the fondest
of memories. Although yesterday is
always better in the light of tomor—
row, to impatient yoitth. futurity is
not compensation for the hideous
present. tSliuht exaggeration!) Any-
way, you've come home. You have
a very exciting weekend ahead. I
can just see the tears of excitement
now!

t t t

You freshmen girls have just had
life‘s first glances into the secret.
lives of the various Walter Mitty's
campus. I have but one word of
advicc keep your minds open and
your iiiotitlis closed. Most of all, re-
member that it‘s better to below;
without joining than to join with-
t.ut belonging.

t 0 1‘

Dear Oedipus: Why did the Ice-

man come? Isignedi Electra Jones.

 

l .
| Notice

The regular meeting of the
Student Education Association
will feature Robert St. Germain
as guest speaker. Mr. St. Ger-
main is the New York State
Teacher Association Field As—
sistant for Student Programs.

The meeting will be held
Tuesday at 7:30 pm. in the
private dining room at Bru—
bacher. Barry Deixler ’61, will
provide.

 

HERO

SANDWICH

SHOP

2117
GENTHAL
AVE.

Next to Mayflower

Buy One,

FR

 

With This Coupon

25C

BUYS:

Minced Ham
Pickles
l’i'ovoloiic Cheese
Seasoning
Bologna

Onions
Tomatoes

Hot Peppers

()ii a real Italian Roll
ALSO It‘ICA'I‘I'RINU

lloi Mcat Ball

llot ltuiiiin Sausage
llot Vcal and l’cppcr
Pepper and Egg
Regular Mix
l’i'ovolonc Cliccsc
ltulian Mix

'I‘iina Fish

imported llam

King Steak

Get One

EE

 

 

