 

PAGE 2

False Motivation . . .

Is an “A” student teacher more qualified to enter our
chosen profession than a “B” or a ‘0” student teacher?
The answer to this, of course, can only be determined after
an extended period of actual teaching experience in a real
situation. An honest appraisal, however, of a student’s po—
tential is outlined on the infamous pink slip. This is the
really important evaluation of a State College graduate—
not whether he received 6 hours of A, B, C, etc. A sliding
scale, subjectively evaluating a dozen or more professional
characteristics can surely te 11 the story of a person’s teach-
ing potential much more clearly than a single alphabetic
symbol.

It is obvious from the above remarks that we are in
favor of the proposed S-U grading system to be applied to
student teaching. Some say that this system will not moti—
vate student teachers to do a good job. But is striving for
an A, B, etc. really the type of motivation desired in our
student teaching experience? Should we not, instead, be
motivated to attain excellence in our professional charac-
teristics as evaluated on the pink slip. After all, when seek-
ing our first teaching position, our qualifications are an-
alyzed from many different vantage points. If we were to
do this analysis, we would much rather see a potential
rating on numerous professional characteristics rather
than an “all encompassing" letter grade. In fact, this is
actually the case. School administrators never see our
present student teaching grade, but only the sliding scale
evaluation of our supervisor arrived at through observation
and conference with cooperating teachers.

The loss of an “A” or “B” may drop our cumulative
average a hundredth of a point or so; but, the S-U system
will rid us of the now present false motivation and allow us
to focus our energies and initiative on the truly important
professional qualities which will follow us in our life's work.

J.V.D.

Dull Text, Dull Class . . .

This past week, in a second quarter education course
a group of Seniors wanted to substitute modern paper-back
books in place of the course text book. The Seniors argued
that the text book was dull, uninteresting and very cum-
bersome reading. They felt that they were not gaining any—
thing from reading the book and thought it was repititious
within itself and also rehashed materials covered in pre-
viouses courses. They felt that the time spent reading the
book was wasted and that this time could have been spent
on other more iniiiiediateiy pertinent books dealing with
much the same material but in a more interesting and
satisfactory way.

They were told that it was impossible to change books
and were giVen vague, unsatisfactory reasons. This is a
small incident but it leads to a much larger problem. This
and many incidents like it are some of the main reasons
why certain education courses with uninteresting and
seemingly vulucless material are so unpopular in this col
lege.

Here is a cast- where the people in the course wanted
to do something that would make their studies interesting
and n'icaiiiligf'ul. th, nothing could be done about it, and
they were forced to return to a text book which they would
read the night before an exam and forget the day after
the exam was (lVf‘l'. i‘ipparently pupil-teacher planning is
fine for grade school or high school but once a person be-
comes a Senior in collegt and iinishes student teaching
he no longer knows what, is good for him

it is very difficult to accept the “do as i say, not as i
do" policy that is preach lit in sonic education courses. We
hope the future will bring ciiaiiges that will make these
courses more effective and stimulating.

ROG.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

 

 

 

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916
BY THE CLASS OF lQlB

\’ol XLV ti Illil/ll lti llitili No 3,"

' ii ,1! i l f of f . o i "ill
plih.‘ l.rd In: ill ' i 1 Hot f it: ‘t.
A .-.oilal.on

‘t!' .‘..i lift-w l»
H:\ltli:\ltc\ llilfi' .i ll! liiltl Ill it
HUlH‘Jtl' filtfiil'ilflll viii..iul l..
lltl‘JNl'.‘ Wiiu‘lll! .\ ‘tilll't l" .
BLAINE ltf).\l“ilii.‘. .ICl l-c.i' .ie let‘o
‘.\.'ll.l.l:‘i‘.l l"l( il':‘l .f. A  i Mi l'l i‘ ill 1', it.
LINDA LASHlul i l“ l‘ .h it if: 2.i‘l-w. in:
liAitliAitA ‘."li.‘.. till it M. ii.» ‘\ lil’l' in: v.
‘.'I‘il l‘fltll'l Yl'l l. I it . ilifii. .ii.l ital l..ii..'t i
Ml'llt'l‘ Hill'lll‘lltllA'ifi :ipii l-itl oi
I‘iMl'Ji litil (iill'ltl ‘i' l'olt .i' i.- :ipoi‘. l‘. ‘l -i
l'io'ogitip'.. :1(' l“.oio .‘ml I i 'l-li. it...t.
.‘l l‘A l‘ l"

lilll‘i’l’. l‘Y il‘r '. ‘~. I (it " ‘.i ill l t. l i - loom lllt i.l<i r fioili. M .' ..i,

“HM”, t . ;t_ ,f, l . .. l“. .l.‘ i’ ii .. .m i. to limit. if frontal ll.il., ii Min
l‘.i" ’.'.... z. i"

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16.

Focus _
0n Faculty

By BARBARA HALL

Dr. Edith 0. Wallace, Chairman
of the Ancient Language Depart-
lnent and Chairman of the Compar-
ative Literature Department at our
College, is an outstanding scholar
and leader here at State.

Education

Dr. Wallace attended Milne as a
high school student and then grad-
uated in 1917 from Albany State
Teachers College. with a—BA. She
then received a MA. in English Lit-
erature from Wellesley and in 1938
received a PhD. in Greek and Latin
Literature from Columbia Univer-
sity.

Dr. Wallace has been a professor
here at the College since 1918 and
Was appointed Chairman of the An-
cient Language Department in 1928.
ll position she has been se'rviiig in
for over 32 years. Also, Dr. Wallace
was one of the original organizers
of the Comparative Literature pro—
gram and is the department's chair-
man.

Activities

Several years ago, Dr. Wallace at-
tended the American Academy of
Rome, where she studied the sites
and the archeology of the Roman
culture. Her extensive library of
books and pictures are but one re-
flection of her interest. in the an-
cient worlds.

Active in the College's many ac-
tivities. she heads several commit-
tees at State. She is Chairman of
the Curriculum Committee which
during the year plans and develops
the College curriculum for each
year. Dr. Wallace is Chairman of
the College Loan Program and ii
committee member of the Federal
Loan Program.

The teaching career of Dr. Wal—
lace has been primarily spent at,
State. However. she taught ti sum-
mer session at Middlebury School
of English ill. Breadioaf several
years ago.

()fl'i ce in Draper

Dr. Wallace's office on second
floor Draper has two walls full of
books on the ancient world. The
shelves also contain beautiful rc-
productions of Greek and Roman
art pieces. An ancient horse repro-
duction stands upon it filing cabinet
in which pictures of the (lrcek and
Roman worlds are kept. The Alicleiit
Language Department has :i coiii
collection of genuine, ancient pieces
of money which are fascinating to
look at and stuty. The coins are
used by the department to demon-
strate the art of coinage to students
enrolled in the Ancient Language
courses. Also the office's light green
walls are decorated with lovely
white pieces of reproductions of .in-
t'i(‘ilt sculptured figures.

Home and Hobbies

Dr. Wallace has made her hoiiie
here in Albany ever since she first
began to teach iii 1918 lit State.

Often Dr Wallace finds eiiioy-
iiiciit ili her hobby of photography.
With a Colitliflex clliiicrli she takes
woodland pictures. Also her lilt)\it‘
carncl'ii catches on fillii iniiliv .ilh-
lccts of interest to her

Although her real interest, is
l'f‘tltlill", in ancient llilliiilll'f'ﬁ its
well iii. in Eli‘slihll, Dr. Wallace has
developed a hobby With the aid of

one of her friciid._ Miss llll\'f'= Dr
Wallace has in her lifiilif‘ a tooth on
which she vcliycs either pl; n or
patterned \‘.f'.l‘.f‘.i, fl'oiii \\liitll .lic
makes many loiely fliiiiizs
'l'riuislallolis

Many students often wish they
tflllltl read the original l.:itlii or
(lit-ck works but are limited to their
ii.itl\e llilizziiawc l)l' Wdlliltl' lii.idc
the following .»iiei'ctloli for those

Interested iii leading ll‘tlilhldlt‘tl
\‘mlks "'l‘o iccclte the llill loi'ce ol
.i piece, it is licic.s.iiy to l'lftitl it ill
the original lint if \flll lll'l‘ inter-
mild in translations it is best to
vet ltll expert’s opliiloil on the .idc~~
tiliili‘lt‘h of the translation if you
(till avoid it, don't limit yourself
to one language."

'l‘lic students at Hill“! are indeed
fortunate to have in Wailldcc among
thc faculty as .si'noliil' and friend.

 

1960

 
  

   

The law a» a?
' ' hula-1m lq

    
  

63

vvvevvvvvv+vvvwwvvv+vvvvvvvvv vv v v v v v ~ v v v v vv V v v .

Gammon-Stale);

-Akxx--x-LLA-AL.LA--AAALAL,LL,,ALL-AA.xxx---xkr-fA
“‘lleip stamp oilf mental health!" . . . Souliii

BRING Ml'l . . .

()lli‘ letter for parents bronchi its such ll‘f'lilt'llilliil.» .tccl.illlt that filiff
again we plan to satisfy our devoted readers with this helpful not to
clip olit, :iliste on H postcard and mail. This is our timely li-tfer lo Sank.

Dear Mr, Claus.
i am it Strife (‘olicge student. i would like some thin \ for (,‘hl'isfiiias
Just. little fhiiirs it i.~. the thought that wants l"l| t i would like .i
little .higiiar ic.ir. .Vir. Nicholas, not aniinal'. .lii.~t .i little one l'
is the thought that counts Next 1 Would like .1 lltll“ mink stole .\
big (‘Util would cost too much. i would also like a little money; 'l‘(‘.ll"
time is :iliiiost here again As I said before, i llili .i State Collt t'
student. so pituise dear Mr Kringle, make it suiiiliicr ii.‘,.llll QUICK'
Very truly j.o1ir~._

RIGHT ON TOP. . .
A local paper iecently contained an article ll|.|l litvdd be of .‘~'fll.‘

interest to us. as State College students. It se lii\ .I ll“.\
Albino owls flew down here from the Arctic; one of lill‘iii i'ts'td .t li'.‘-

'..1'1‘l',."\ .l"fi f'.

 

minute» on the top of Page Hail. The paper inclirtwnitl 'Ii.it pt-ihop
these owls were "seeking higher education," I.-_ti it" liiiiiier l‘tlllt'tillf'd'
AHA i; but. our guess would be that lllI‘M' owls win- purposely i"
down to Albany by some Arctic lll'lliilllH' who" train io 'cii llx h ,
education is sliictly for the birds '
ltl'SlllNG ’l‘t) Siilil S'l‘l(,‘l(.\'l£\

The social calendar scores again!!! 'l‘hiii. was .t '.il‘. tool liio'ti

 

 

 

s; hedtlllllg Dorothy Stlckncy last, 'i‘t-zcsdliy night, the nulllt‘ in ,.il .is xi :.
orlfv pledge services Perhaps sororities arch; the in llllllfii'll‘lll lii.i
on this campus. and perhaps .is ll cabinet iiiini~tt r .-.t.t‘tti .i: lll‘.’ Sonar:
Conference. "We ain't 1w! no culture" iWc forcet lllt ism-z v.‘ iron, o.’
the thought is in quotesi llowi ver, calendar pininczw of 'n~ linttri ii.. :'
:dop to i'f'till/.t‘ llllil solni-ilillif: ..ilt'li its :i [)lt'tl‘t‘ I'l'\ll'l .'i'.  o'ni e ‘
Icirlt and it's not fair to deprl'.c them of part of what lht t'ic paid for
lt.\S('.-\l.h‘ . . .
()ncc .ieziilli we hate to I'illif‘ out on .i cl‘ils.rtic to h:.i , l).|"l. .iii fl
cherished tradition A: oni- nint- cal-oilnw Ii). Yl‘l' ll.i7t'lll.'i~ . ivtciidtt; ‘
iiiippv note to a my ‘wl‘il’lill. Why was this t'll\ltilil llilll f’f it :s‘i..'t ' 2‘» ‘
reali/e llllll in illl' lilt‘il il-l.» tradition has ot-cn ii.. . i: he till. .1
tinder ll<’(.‘ rt.;iil;illons. we oiild .i::iiii llll tile  r 'l it that i
it only llll' min coult: top floln lilllll‘. tliciiimm
RAISE ’l‘lllu‘ lll-IA’l‘ . . .
You fill) you halt to it..'.c ylitil‘ \\'.ii'lii lit'fl it. 'i. f. t if .i ‘ Y t
B'oil litlll' that free/inn wall: to i'll:.\’.\t':w'.' You .i' . | . ' on." -- if
i-nlcr ti nice warm t‘ld» iii‘ in" You my the it. in I i ‘ t ‘i
l\ that what's tiolibfii. \oit1".'\‘i'illlliiii'swlitt‘.':...n.... ‘.l= ’
li's liieyii.t|ilc that we ll.t‘.i‘ o.r 3min, li..l.~. .Illtl }.il.i ' Inn 2.  if l
bill why do we liit\l‘ it. .u to iiiltllt’l.. ill .t sllli-l’n io ll.l toonw Home ‘ 
still-ration should be run 'o t;.i let lll.ll ,' . tampon. oililol‘ '
:‘,ci that cxtl'.i ll‘itfl of t. i p 'h i: ‘.'.i“.i iii-roii.t nit. i. t it 'i
Kl’l'lnll-I'l‘H‘ ltl'l.l'.‘ .
’l‘o tll:-..’l't.\ri for .i llfllllfl.' lioin oin' il.titl .t. l 't if i‘ liili
some llll'llill\ wold of ornitc lhe tinoilnt of ‘.‘. ‘
(‘lii‘lsliiias \.i..it;oi. iiiiniis ti.t .flll-iH.’ of '.‘.fill. t ‘ ii if
(‘ili'lsllna i.it.i‘iot. equals 'n: .iliili'lli' v i will: uni i i! ‘
lil.is \.ii'.illoli ‘
I r i
'.’ of the “cell . . . 5
i
(all i Hi i ' 'y‘..lfltii.l .i l’,‘i‘.t;lill"lil 
i
l
l
. . . . “WAT Mm“ l
i-lfll).\\. l)l-.(‘l-..\llil-li if;
it) pin LI (‘0 .tlll \Niit’tihtlt l‘ilili|.|l_ (‘rootuti l,it.c li ‘il
.s'.\'i'l'ltll.\\’. lil'f‘l..\llllult l7
'J--i pill (‘hllifi'tiis‘ (‘iiil ii..is l’ni'tv
{litltl pni fill) out r-‘d l’. .\lllt':in Antit  .\.lf1it ‘c, ‘t.oiii,\ lillni.
ll.iil
SILVIHY, lilit‘iCMltluit lh'
o' lo pm ('hiistnias Hilly, l’n ‘l‘ llall

’l'l'l-ISIHY. l)l*1('l..\lltlxlt '10

ii tit) pill Hoiorlly (.‘hilslliias liiil'tlcs

MONDAY, lll'lf'lihlitlfif '!i

3:00 pm l‘iil Beta inniodli ()oflce ilfilU', (/‘ltlf‘ll il.i

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. DECEMBER 16. 1960

7/ze 5 clear/11'

By BILL FRANKONIS

Remember Mortimer? Well, I met
him downtown this week and it
seems he has given up his old job.
Now he is working to organize the
wharf rats down at the docks.

Mortimer still thinks about State
now alid then; as he puts it, "In
my weaker moments." At any rate,
he asked how things were going and
over a cup of coffee (one clip be—
tween us), we got to talking about
such things as cuts, a subject dear
to the hearts of dll college students,
even former ones.

As it turned out, Mortimer told
me that he once had a cousin who
went to State, a cousin by the name
of Gyroscope the moved ili fast
circle-sf. Gyroscope. it seems, was
also a brilliant student. ills profes-

sors loved him, llf't‘ltiiiilt'tl him as
the world's most prtiiiisilig future
teacher.

Gyro had only one poor semester:
his first at State when he compich
a 39. He claimed he hadn‘t fid-
pistcd to college life. However. af—
ter that, he really liil. his stride
and racked up a stringiit. 4.0. Aiid
his whole fi'esliiiiaii year 110 cut
only one class, that on the day be~
fore Christmas vacation. not colll‘st‘.
fit that time there was no such
thing as Dean's liist students be-
ing excused.)

lIis Sophomore year was even bet.-
ter, he never cut a class, kept his
4.0, liiid was elected to Student
(tovcriiiiielit. fAs :i matter of fact,
he was partly re polisibic for the
present Constitution, the one it took
a weekend to create and this year
takes a semester to add llll iiiiicnd—
iiif’iil..i

(iyl'o ill.lillltllili‘fl his high level
of ;I('lill'\'L‘lilt‘iil right through his
Jililifli‘ year and throughout stu-

dent. teaching. When he cariie back
on campus the second semester of
his Senior year, he had the world

at. his feet, but Gyro. the staunch
old boy he was, never let the ac-
claim bother him. He slipped only
once when he cut a class the day
lifter Easter vacation. Yes, Gyro-
sc :pe was making the world forget
Mortimer.

Then the roof fell in. Gyro was
liSkf‘Cl to leave school. It seems that
the class he cut was the second one
he cut on the day immediately be-
fore or after a vacation. “But it’s
only the second time I ever cut a.
class!" Gyro exclaimed. But his
protests went unlieeded.

So Gyro left State aiid another
claim to a possible famous person-
age was lost. But the rules were
upheld. Aiid everyone knows that’s
important. Fortunately, things
turned out pretty well for Gyro; he
went out and invented a bomb-
siglit and made a million dollars by
selling it to the government.

Mortimer ended his tale very
philosophically, as always, by say-
lil.‘ "Well, I guess we can get out-
standing teachers anywhere, but
not. everybody can think of bigger
and better ways to kill off the hu-
lilttli race." 80 maybe it was ii good
lhm.; Gyro left.

 

N '
otlce

.\ll students may now have
mail-rial mimeograplied by the
Student Association lab assist-
ant. To do so they should bring
their own paper to Mary Ellen
(‘oliins. liil) assistant, in Bru-
baelier Activity Room 7 at any
of the following hours:

b’liiiiil:i)'-——~6:30 p.m.~8:30 p.m.
Tuesday—143 p.m.
Wednesday—45:30 p.m.-li:30 p.m.
’l‘liursday—(lzlitl pan-8:30 p.m.
Saturday-4i a.m.-12 p.m.

Caution Insures
Holiday Safety

"And now is the time of many
things," of exams, parties and
Christmas Sings." It is the carefree
season when the heart is free from
worry but don't let this season of
joy make you careless. Don't be
among,r the 450 Americans expected
to lose their lives during this holl-
day.

The State College News advises
you to follow a few safety sugges-
tions that may prevent unhappiness
during your vacation.

Driving

One of the greatest causes of holl-
day accidents is through careless
driving. With the addition of haz-
ardous driving conditions due to
the weather, all students are advised
to take extra care this Christmas.

Be sure your car is equipped with
snow chains or snow tires in case
bad weather should appear suct-
denly. When on your way to an ap-
pointment, leave in plenty of time
so you don't have to rush on the
icy roads.

The old slogan “take one for the
road," applies here but make it a
cup of coffee. Don‘t overcrowd your
car with friends coming or going to
parties or any other event. Why
over-jeopardize their lives.

Sports

Ice skating is as dangerous as it
is fun. Before taking to the blade,
observe the thickness of the ice and
be sure you're not the first and only
one around to test it.

Avoid snow blindness by using
colored lenses when the glare from
the sun on the snow is excessive.
Take a “buddy” along when skiing
or participating in other sports
where an injury could go unde-
tected and aid difficult to receive.
Dress warnin and avoid frost bite.

When leaving home for a long
period of time. make sure all clec~
tric lights and decorations are turn—
ed off.

Ilif'lammable (1 cc or atio us are
manufactured for your own protec—
tion. Make use of them!

 

Merry Christmar from the CO-OP

From A to Z on your
Christmas List

  
 
  
  

Webster’s New
Collegiate
Dictionary

the

Merriam-Webster

ill-re is llltl gift most likely
to succeed wiili anyone on
your (llii'istiiias list. This
genuine lllrrriiini-Webster
liiclioiiliiy is required or
l‘t‘t'iiilillll'liill‘tl at lill schools
and colleges and is the most
useful question answerer for
home or Ollicc. l’cw gifts
will he used so often and lip-
pl'ecillicd for years to come.

 

 

ailerrfilril in

7cader's
Digest

$3 plain, 3i} tliumli—intlexcd.
Also in de. luxe gilt bind-
iiigs $8.75 to $15.00.

 

 

 

 

 

 

your selection
Christmas Cards
CUSTOM

HAN D -lMPRlNTED

with your name
QUICK SERVICE

MMWLEL'ZLE u- ‘ “(am

Gift
Suggestions
BOOKS
JEWELRY
EMKA Y Candies
SVVEA’I‘SI l l BTS
MUGS

GLASSWARE

leriivs PAPER
@ﬁﬂf?

7H: {Irma GIFT

    

\J

  
 

Lu. KPH

CHRISTMAS

(£1th 12"“ N ( l CARDS
WRAPPING PAPER
RIBBON

TABLE SETTINGS

 

 

PAGE 3

 

Dr. James E. Allen answers questions over television for the lid. 20

classes.

Commissioner

James Allen

Visits Ed. 20 Classes via TV

By DORIS

Albany State had the ili'lt'il(‘i',t‘ of
being host to James E. Allen. Com-
niissioner of Educction, and Presi-
dent of the University of the State
of New York, on Tuesday. The rea-
son for his visit was to speak to the
Education 20 class, viii television,
and answer questions asked by a
panel of ::Lutl(.lltf$, rcpreselitativcs of
the various classes.

Dr. Allen completed his under—
graduate work at Davis—Elkins
College at West Virginia. and did
graduate work towards his PhD. at
iiarvard and Princeton University.
His teaching cxpcricnce includes the
instruction of courses in Education
and Administration at iiar‘ ard and
Syracuse University.

Training for Position

Preparation for his role as
Commissioner of Education in New
York State included his serving as
a member of the staff of the Presi-
dent Commissioner on Higher Edu-
cation during the Truman admin-
istration; was the Executive Assist-
ant to Commissioner of Education;
and served as Deputy (Foiiiiiussioiier
of Education in New York.

Allen was appointed to the post
of Coliiiiiissioner in 1955.

Coliiiiiissloncr Allen was asked
several questions by students in the
Education 20 classes. 'l‘hose students
\\ ho served on the panel were Dor—
othy Miller, Steve Colifliljlliii, and
Marsha English, Sophomores; and
Lee Upcl'ail, gi‘atli'ate.

Dr. Allen gave
following questions:

if How do you feel about Federal
Aid to i-Ziliicatiiin’.’ llc said that he
it‘ll the stile ;.Ilil lollil districts will
illil l)i' lilili' t,H lilct-i Lli‘il!:iiitl:i ill funds
llli’llihi‘hl'.) .ii.d the country would
have to dccldi \‘.ll('i'(‘ it is going. A
plan fol it‘tli‘l'.ll :iitl should be
drawn-lip, :don; with :i plan for
education it'lii'tm‘llldlitiil in the fed~
l‘l'lll goicrliiiicnt lidnilnisfration.
l"li'>.i. of .ill, ll‘llt‘lltl aid is iill‘\ll~—
able, and :tliouil be iliil'cascd to
many stain. Not all states should
,',ct more aid, but those [hill do l.tit
have t’ll'dl wc.iiiii definitely should.

Also, Kennedy should asses think—
err. in i’llli'l‘hl'lit cross-.crtlolis of
pioplo in top lit ids to liiid how edu—
i'nlloll t‘ilil Sii‘i\l' li..lll-:lllil to top
ability.

:3) How do we
spiritual \iililes iii

L. G. BALFOUR

I“l‘llit‘l'llilty Jewelry
Badges, Stems, Rings
Jewelry, Gifts, Favors
Stationery, Programs

Club Pins, Keys
Medals, Trophies
llNll'l‘jltSl'l‘l’ l'.(). BLDG.
ill Marshall Street
Syracuse it), New York
(lit 5mm
Carl Sorensell, Mgr.

answers to the

moral and
schools Te»

llM‘Cl
Illli‘

 

 

 

 

 

MUHLICH

"In my position, i feel schools must
do all they can to build climate of
moral and spiritual value lo they
can understand derogatives froiii
which they are derived." Although
teaching of religions should not take
place in the schools, the teachers
should have both moral and spirit—
ual values.

3) Without any real requirements
for membership of Boards of Edu-
cation, iiow can they handle the
responsibilities that the have?—
Many people have suggested haying
legal requirements. “I feel it would
be a mistake to have legal require-
ments." Many good members would
then not be qualified. But there
should be a main emphasis on an
education program for school board
members, and leaders of communi-
ties should see that qualified people
run for Board memberships.

Commissioner Allen is the head
of all education in New York State.
He has ﬁnal and legal Judicial pow-
er. His scope of activities include
the supervision of education in all
public schools, private and public
colleges, and public libraries and
museums — which include cultural
activities H in New York Shite.

Gallery Shows
Local Talent

Paintings by a local artist, Mrs.
Madeline Noviotsky, are 011 display
in the Draper Art Gallery. Her work
has been Widely exhibited iii the
Northeast. The 327 Gallery on State
Street also shows her work, as does
the Albany institute \yliitli will
present an exclusive showing; in the
spring.

Prllilarily ii scliil-absfract painter,
Mrs Noviilasky's work ill the opin-
loli of Mr. Cowley, Professor of Art,
"has been proceeding to a yer}. per-
sonal and delicate thlf‘ilil ill in re—
sponse to illilliif.‘ forms. i‘i\\ili flip,
rhythms of form are a lidit ol her
aesthetic ilidlildiiallty. ﬂare is :in
exciting, yet gentle kind of icline-
inclil. in these canvases lli.ll i'i-qulrcs
coiiipicle attention for the fullest
sense of appreciation."

Pastel coloring (liliiilil.tlt'.‘~ llit‘:>l‘
ill'l paintings. i'liik, oini, t. icd
shades .il‘c the most t'li.il :t '« ilnlit'

feature. of her color it age

The paintings l)i'lii., :liowii are
mostly impressions of the masons.
'i'licli- the continuing depictions of
winter, ollc lililiiliiil; \t‘l_‘i \ylntt .iiid
bright ill ellcci, with touches of
lllllL‘S liil(l prays. while llll' Miller is
somber in mood with l.c;i._. lines of
prays and subdued gi't‘clis .filil bii.cs,
only a touch of the t'lidi'LLth‘l‘ibLiL'
orange is there.

Other i):lliillll:.‘,h' include the Very
light. delicate pastel "Sunliiicr,"
gold toned “Autumn” with the slime
basic shades of red--or:iiige-pink,
and "January 'l‘haw,” which has
strong dark colors as a poiiit of fo—
cus. There. are two i)uiilllil,‘.s cil—
titlcd "Cascade," ii "Landscape"
"Along the Normansklli" and
"Bright Bush." The paintings Will
be on display through the middle
of January.

 

