 

 

PAGE 2

Salaries and Striking

On November 7th, the eve of our national elections,
there is a very good possibility that a teachers union in
New York City will go out on strike for higher pay. This
particular group of teachers has given a union preference
over the dominant professional organization, the National
Education Association. We believe that their reasons de-
serve at least lip service.

These people firmly believe that the pay scale of teach-
ers is atrociously low and that the NEA has not brought
about the desired pay scales in teachers salaries. The New
York Teachers Union feel that desirable pay scales can only
be brought about by forceful methods such as a strike.
(Striking by state employees in this state is illegal and we
assume that the teachers will be striking to make this issue
a test case.)

We are very sympathetic with their desire for higher
wages although their method is somewhat in question.
When results are needed, however, drastic methods are
sometimes called for.

The very sad fact of the matter is that teachers as a
group are treated, both financially and socially, not as
professionals, but rather as a class of workers slightly above
ditch diggers. The teaching profession is often considered
as being below the level of other professional men and wo-
men. This should not be the case. In a materialistic society
such as ours it is only fitting that professional people re—
ceive financial gratuities in accordance with their impor-
tance in society. This holds up in most cases with one out-
standing exception, and that is the teaching profession.

A student entering college with the teaching profes-
sion in mind, must take into consideration that he is in-
vesting a sum total of $25,000 in order to earn an average
figure of $4,500 a year in his first few years of teaching.
He must also realize that his salary will probably never
exceed $9,000.

One might say that teachers always have enough to
eat, but consider for example the finances needed to put
a person through college. Can a present day teacher afford
to put two or three children through a large univerSity?
(We are working on the assumption, of course, that these
children may not have the desire to teach.)

In times such as these, when teachers are in such great
demand, can we expect top flight people to join this pro-
fession when industry is offering them so much more?

We realize that these New York City teachers will be
acting very unprofessionally if they do decide to go out on
strike. We feel, however, that it is sometimes necessary to
step out of character if the results acquired can raise the
teaching to a proper level in our society. R C G

That Ten Percent

It‘s that time of the year when newspapers all over
the country start coming out in support of presidential
candidates. The News has never made this a policy, and
we don't intend to begin now. However, we can urge people
to vote, and though election day is still more than a week
away, We thought we’d bring the subject up'i‘or the benefit
of those people eligible to vote in this election.

Please, go out and vote November 8 no matter for
whom you intend to vote. Wc had approximately ten per-
cent of the student body participate in the News election
poll. If our nation were to do this, we would be defeating
the idea of Democracy. So vote, it only takes a few min-
utes, and your vote docs count.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place Cﬁf‘A Second l’litcc A(‘P

Vol XLV ii. mom 3}; mm; NH 3,
5.1:;iiiTnvrl of '!.c NH‘WH ,'.i!! ..i. oc from-1 l.- may inf \‘n' ::.c .Il.i, 11011: 5 lo l1
' 'J ‘iiliiol ever. ,ion 1' ll . 1.:oo l‘ ‘ i l ioi;...ii l' [H ‘,l out,

p ill at ll.
Wlt'luliiili'r 1V 2 'l'lJli
' H ’ “who of is: o .’.of. .' Anon”

'l'ho oinfcigr.iil..o'e ncwnmprr of .y i‘. I r. ,.1 i ,
w- ‘ ' 5.1 .i, li-Mlll lo: ‘ . :l .1i.l.’

published caery l"ll‘l.i‘, oi 1. i'o..c.:v .1 .v n,
Association.

Idiot. llll\l(ll

l.lillHl-’. l'1flllil'

\l.iz..‘i.; l ,i

A IMHl'I‘

\ i i. l

nAiuiAiiA Linocs
imiucicr oiciiiimurr
niiwmui M.‘\N(ll‘.‘l.“llxilf1-
llcENH WIH‘l‘l'ZIt

ELAINE lUJMA'lUWSKl
WILLIAM l"ltA.‘ll’.uNlH
LINDA liAl‘i‘ilu'led
iS/thlSAltA iViicNimo-ac ii. 1:.
VALnitin Yum-2 co. . . ,
MElt'l‘ Sll'l'lll'lltliANl) .‘ilmi‘. ,
JAMr‘ﬂ ixiuoiiizitrv cor. .il ,,, ,--.,,.., , j.,,,,..,,

ii Hi

I:
l'nl In:
I- .‘li
f‘vai' in l‘lll o
1w i‘ .ll‘ lu‘i‘ci
' l: ,:

lv.

1.

y.

,l 1H,

    

 

I
lll'HK l‘lllll'iiltri .‘\l.li" :i...f:. ﬁlm. It i I- Joni. llif‘ lio.:.ri lbw: .\lv .
ltill‘UlC'l'l'ilc-‘i l..l.ii.i ("Hind lloii, lr- ll . if to.
Klnii

All ('Ulllllllililiilllfllii durini oc ‘lil‘ll" til , rio- i‘il.‘ur| .tl.xi ,.,.,,: 1,, ,ii ,,, N,“
will ln: wiLliliciil inf rcqiicsl 'l'lii- :i‘lAll'l (3411.1 l'Xll'L .‘i‘l'f’ﬁri .i..i.:.i. {of l| ,r--ii .l:.,f‘v

for opinioin i-th'l‘w'il in i... in. .si.:.. or ,4 if mum ...o.-.

necessarily relicif no vicw.-,
Q“

voi...i.iii.li.iiiiii.., n. ill; no!

 

Focus on
Faculty

ray ED BRENNAN

The recent growth of interest in
art, particularly painting, here at
the College can be attributed solely
to one individual—Associate Profes-
sor Edward Cowley of the Art De-
partment. In founding our Art Gal-
lery on the third floor of Draper
Hall and through his own creative
genius in the field of painting, Mr.
Cowley has focused the eyes of the
school, as well as those of the com-
munity, quite firmly upon this
phase of art in its contemporary
setting.

Creative Works

Mr. Cowley's list of personal
achievements alone is ample cvi-
deuce of his stature in the field of
painting. He has sold originals to
museums in Boston, Albany, Schen—
ectady. at Colgate University and
Smith College.

The Proctor-Miinson Institute in
Utica, reported on in Time Maga-
zine this Week, possesses samples of
Professor Cowley's work.

A piece of Cowley-designed silver
jewelry was exhibited at the Young
American‘s Exhibit in New York
City in 1954. Professor Cowley's ca—
reer is further distinguished by his
record of One-Man Shows at the
Albany Institute of History and Art,
the Schenectady Museum, the Col-
gate University Gallery in Hamil—
ton, N. Y., and the Tyringham Gal-
lery in ’I‘yringham, Massachusetts.

Background

Born and raised in Buffalo, Ed—
ward Cowley receivcd his Bachelor's
Degree in Art at Buffalo State
Teacher's College in connection with
the Albrlght Art School. After
achieving his Master‘s Degree in
Art at Columbia University he en-
tered the Army as a Private and
served his time in Europe, where
he was present in the Battle of the
Bulge.

After leaving the. service, he
taught art in a. public school in
Ithaca. From Ithaca he came to
the Milne Art Department and then,
in 1954, to the staff of the State
University.

Professional [ism-richer:

After a year at SUCEA, Mr. Cow—
ley received a Ford Foundation
Grant to study art in Ireland for
the School year of 1955~'50. Before
his departure from Ireland, Profes-
sor Cowley presented it One-.\lau
Show in Dublin which \\':Is opened
by the U. S. Allll)fl.\l:dl(lf)l‘ to Ireland.

Since returning to the College in
1950. he has served continuously on
the faculty here, siippli nicntini,r his
school duties with numerous talks
on painting in and around the Al-
bany area.

Private Life

Mr. Cowley and his wife liefte
makc their home in Alfuinont. ’l'licy
liiiyc three children: lililyL-rii'rl, Paul,
and Katherine, :ui'cd respectively,
nine, eight. and one :lllfl .l half
years

Professor ('ov.lcy he recently
finished (ll‘Sl'lllllt‘, it new home
which he plans lo build on his four—
acrc plot of land outside of llll' i'll_',’

Somehow he if‘;ill.i1c.. fo llllfl
lnnc lo play golf and :.qii.i:.li in his
.qqmre time .1. well as plume, a
wry .icfiii- role :is .l. lmiillv mime

her of life l‘illWill'fl lu’ldrcd i‘offcr
(‘lifb
.\t I'rcscnt
l’f‘iilcssol‘ ('onlc'. 11‘ Ho's. vi\lfli', .i

.\l‘l'lf'h (ll ll'f llli'cs (Ill llillllilllf‘ .il llic
.‘\ll).ill‘. All lll.\lllllli' Also he .lnd
his .issismni lll lln- Ari llclmi’lv
incIiI, Willloin Wil on, ill’l‘ lllll'il'lll’
l\ illolililﬂllﬂ, ..onn- of ill! 1r work til
it show .il llic Hcln nccl.nl', .\luscuin

 

I N t'

()sciir l-.. Liiiil'ord, llciiii of' the
('ollece, ill'llillllli‘f'ﬁ that today
is the hot day that students
may drop courses without a
[)i‘llflll).

.\l‘lcr this date students iirope
ping courscs will be glicii .in
automatic ‘1')" for llic course
ii iiless l'\li‘lllll|lillf; circum—
stances mist.

’l‘hosc sliidcnfs iiho ill'l' grant
Ni ii lcavc of absence or honor—
.ilile disintssul from the college
are. graded it “W” for the
courses dropped. .\lso included
in this group are those sliidciila
who are advised by the Student
l'crsoiiiicl (mice to reduce their
class loud regardless of the date
of withdrawal.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY, OCTOBER 28. 1960

1

 

 

Wﬁvvvvvvvm'vvvv'

vvrvvivvvv-v" " ‘ +W T“ *7

Gamma-Std“

AAAAAAA‘AAA AAAAAAL’ﬁﬁHﬁHWLeA‘ﬁAA AAAAA

HOW IN) YOU [)0

Welcome. Mr. and Mrs. frosh Parents, to the institution whose pur-
pose is to aid and direct your child in becomingr 'all he is capable of
being.“ Our doors are open; our hands of hospitality are extended. This
is your weekend.

ACCIDENTS l)() HAPPEN . . .

. . and offcn to the most undeserving. Generosity should be tem—
pered by discretion. Children and matches are a dangerous combination
——espeelally if the child easily loses control of his molory senses.

LAMEN'I‘ATIONS

Verbal negainism is difficult enough to bcar with. but when ilie
Verbs :ire piincfifafcd by definite action, the time has come fo become
[)iisltn't‘.

’l‘he SUB. dance was a success for everyone but two rather lubri—
cafcd squares. l'tclurn your "souvenir" to life main office of iru, boys.
The ability to destroy is not a sign of power.

LITTLE BIT SHOK’I‘ER

"It‘s snowin' down south!" Izind we're not referring to the weather!)
Exterior heinlines are going higher and higher, and the farther up they
go, the wider the white for pink, or blacki bands around the bottom
become. Really girls, can't you find at point of reconciliation? If you
can't do With fhem, do without them.

()l'lt HEROES!

No, he's not rushing the I-Iallowccn season by lllil‘Qllf'l'iullllL', as Vlll-
cent Van (loch! ()ur beanies and crew cuts go off fo our brave and
wounded Pcd soldiers. We care cnougli to send our very besl get well
..on. Dave and (fury!

And if tip of the hat to a. ctrfain coach who proved, a! fhe risk of
great pei ~i>liifl inc:invcnicncc, that he cared more than cnoii'th

W \’1‘(‘ll ()l"l‘!

for \vifchcs, goblins, ghosts, and Albany Urcliins wnh pressur-
mid l'fllh of shuiinu cream and foollip:c.ic. Lock your car, windows.
doors. and suit» of armor. Halloween in Albany is . \icll, llallov.‘ccn in
Albany.

l'lX'l'li.\-('l'llliH'l'lAR

of l’.lllii r co-curiicnlor, was .‘.lr
if c Shake llf‘ill'lilli llli‘:ill‘f‘ Wednesday cif'llllfj’, licrx's hopnr' i‘icrc wil
conimnc to be more of life some. Perhaps \.‘.c can fillow flu I'.\'.lllilll|'
of .\l l.’l‘ and :~oiiiclio\\' inanan Io l‘ll.‘,£lL‘,f' Aldous Huxley ’l'lii n \U win
Irv for llic really big time Mort Halil. ~

John Adams” supcih ~j~cccli on

l~.\ LNINH'S I;\'l'l‘ll{'l'.\lf\'.\lICN'I‘

.\lo I of IlicllillII\\l'i'l1liili'lli'siii'i'iuii i"iid.i_\ lll"lll flml ..iill mm.-

.--‘..*i.io.l'. io .ee ihc Iceman. If :i oncc»m-.i inllewe—fiIciinic

ix iAnd .l i'lll'.f|l fl.llf"l

willfulllllll

NH'l-I 'I'ltY

lini' if; >ni iio sinccii .l liIflll of ltilnij. 'liiinl. you, (‘oiinnoii-Hw
plioinoii- l‘l llli f'Iilll,lillli||' llri\'»i".~l, lilili' .. no lilitulllllli' loi llic
ll'.ll llfll " lx'iip up 'ln "“fl ‘.\iilli,ll..\1l'. ill .2 fl  nwic Muir. \on
fill lfl lll «olil f'lli'll‘ll ‘Ii with [if llll’ \i'lih.

'.’ ()l“ 'I'Ill‘. \VICI‘IK

(lol .i nmh lf‘.‘

College Calendar

 

 

 

l"|(|l).\\', (N "l Ultlxlt ‘3ll

'i' Iii) om The Iceman (‘omcfli .il l‘il.’,l‘ lloll
if no pin l'si (1.1m Halloween l’:iil\
if :io ,im I’oficr liolloiic'cn l’in'l\ .il llridecudv

if ﬁlo pm :;l..‘. llallowc‘en l’arfy .il l"illl (ll'dllt'f'

2s.\'l'l lll).\ Y, (it"l'flltl‘llt 759

11! oo nooi. f'orcnis' Hay lain ‘iicon

l 150 pm ll‘ornml Welcome iii Page lliill
If :50 phi Dorm ()pcn Houses
I lit) pin The Iceman (‘uiucili .il l’iiixe Hull.

ll 00 pm .v\l':\ ll:illo\\c'cn l’ariy at Furl. Orange

5| .'\l).\\'. f)f"l‘()lil'l|t 30
ii lib pm ell lib 1i.lll. (.‘ln Sig Open House
MONDAY, ()("l‘filil'jlt 31

it 00 pm licta Zeta (toffee flour for Kappa lictu.



 

 

.‘iai  .L 

 

i

Wu. ‘1 w

 

’1

,~——._._._.... N’

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. OCTOBER 28. 1960

 

7/“: «$01le

By BILL FRANKONI S

I have a great idea for a physical
education building. The plans are
completely drawn up; all that re-
mains is to contract the job and
begin construction.

The building would be on Vet's
Field, facing Washington Avenue.
It would be set back eighty feet
on the Washington Avenue, and
Partridge Street sides just to keep
it off the streets. The plans call
for the building to be 120 feet wide
and 255 deep. two stories high, in
Georgian design, and with a Har—
vard brick exterior. It would be quite
impressive, and quite in keeping
with the rest of the college‘s build-
ings. Since it would ta! c up only
part of the fen acre tract, the rest
of the land could be used for a soc—
cer field. baseball and softball fields,
and tennis courts.

The outstanding part of the
building would be its gymnasium
measuring 100 by 75 feel, with slid-
ing partitions. and bleachers holdins,
1,500 spectators iinoi'c if the areas
behind each basket arc utilized).

Other features of the building
would be its five lane swimming
pool, four bowling alleys. a scrvicc
connfcr, recreation center, squash
courts and modern locker room,
Also: wash rooms, hairdryincr comp—
incnt, offices, and a small eym
ineasurini.r 'i0 by 60 feet which ‘..c
could bring up from Page. Siill
more: several classrooms for f’h'. .
Ed. coursis and a kitchen for use
at banquets.

Pecl Pictures

The I’cdagogue announces that
Senior Portraits should be returned
Wednesday, November 2, to Room 7,
Brubacher Hall. If you fail to return
them on this date, you must per-
sonally deliver them to Lloyd Studio
in Troy.

Change of name: If your name
has been changed over the summer
by marriage, ctc., notify Toby 'l‘lusty
immediately through Student Mail.

Organizations

Photographs for the '61 Pedagoch
of all organimtions will be taken
starting~ tomorrow through Novem-
ber 13. The President of the organ—
ization will be contacted through
Sfudent Mall of the tifnc aiid date
for the photo.

 

l nan/sir}. moms-m
; If/ I‘ No

11(- \ltl ilt‘
W

 

Have a reg! cigaret

Imprcsuve, huh? I'll bet the Ath-
Iefic Dcmrtmenf, not to mention
the student body, would really be
infcrested in such a building. For
years we've been kicking around the

possibllltll’s for a new athletic build- . "

ing.;‘, especally the News, but never
before has such a plan app ‘ared in
these pages, so this is quite a stride
for bofh the college and the News.
ch if never be laid that at times,
we are no; constructive.

Oh, one more thing. I must admit
that l have absolutely nothing to
do with tiesc plans. Former State
Collc’lc President, John M. Sayles
had :i great (leaf to do with them.
He iil'.ll()lll.f'f‘(l them for the first
iimc ill fhe Spring of 1045, fifteen
.\czn's ago. His announcement was
reported in a local newspaper at
flint tiiite and we have that article
lli our possession if anyone doubts
lllc credibility of my statements.

(ice, I wonder what happened to
all those wonderful plans? And the
working drawings that were made?
And the specifications that were
drawn up? That building would have
cut the relatively small sum of
$400,000 in 1045; but taxes are high-
cr now, so I go as we Q1111 afford to
qiciid much. more more than that.
Anyway, the college is :‘ollit: to
move. 1 read it in the paper.

Open Houses
At Tliree Dorms

Open houses will be held Sunday,
October 30, at three of the State
College dormitories.

I’icl'cc Hull's annun open house
will be 2-4 pm. A cordial invita-
iioii is cxieiided to all f’ariilfy, stu-
dents, and friends.

Afici- liosfc:-;scs guide guests
llll'llll‘.’ll the tlof‘iiiitor), i'cf'i'i-sliiiiciits
will be served in the lnglc Room.
Phyllis chlcr ‘02 is chairman of
the open house.

The men of Waterbury Hall will
hold a formal open house 3-5 p.111.
on Sunday, according to an an-
nouncement by Howard Woodriiif
'03, Secrefary of the dormitory.

Saylcs Hall's open house will also
be 3—5 pm. on Sunday, October :40.
All are cordially invited.

te-have

‘ V if  ~  H? at?“

        
    
      
    

GLEN CANYON DAM. ARiZONA

, The best tobacco makes the best smoke!

V ll J, Reynolds ’l‘obucio l'oiiiiiuli), Winnie“ Sirloin, N. 0.

‘l or real f.r.fc, oofloiig like a (."zunel"

    

THEODRE ULLl‘IANN
Music Council
Feats Ullman

Second in the series of concert
rccifals sponsored by the Music
Council of' the Student Association
will be a program featuring the
pianist ’I‘licodore Ullinann. The
concert will be held Friday. Novem-
ber 4, at 1 pin. in Page Hall.

Ulhnunu's appearance is part of
the colic; c convocation series. This
program comes to State College un-
der the auspices of the Music
Foundation Arfists Bureau through
:i ,r.int from tne Louise N. Grace
.\‘liinoi'iul Fund.

'l'licodore Ullnianii in his career
has been the winner of more than
20 competitive music awards in-
cluding the Mat-Dowel] Club Young
Arfists Contest and the $1000 Bam-
bergcr Competition.

Training

He received his musical training
from Columbia University, The Sor—
bonnc, (‘onservatoirc dc Paris, and
was Post—(haduatc “with highest
honors" at the Instifute of Musical
Art, Jillllifil‘tl School of Music.

Also, in his career as a musician,
Ulhnann has been a faculty member
of [liarritx American University in
France and a mccnbcr of the teach-
ing staff under the Hutcheson ad-
ministration of' .luilliurd School of
Music in New York.

Program

A few of the musical compositions
that Ulhnnnn will play will be
llrahms' "Rhapsody Opus 119.“
Becfhovcn's "Album Leaf," and
Bach‘s "Fantasy in C Minor."

_. a CAME

(>me

Hi i D SURVLY lINblNEUi,

 

 

 

PAGE 3

 

(M

US. Education

Office Signs

Albany's CASDA Contract

By DORIS MUIILICH

The U. S. Office of Education
signed a research contract with the
College of Education at Albany and
the Capital Area. School Develop-
ment Association, better known as
CASDA, October 1, 1959. This asso-
ciation has already made great pro-
gress in the field of research for
school practices.

State Leads Harvard

Since October 1959, the Depart-
ment of Health, Education, and
Welfare has awarded a contract
for a similar program to a Harvard
University research team which
studied the CASDA project last
winter, but State College was award—
ed the contract first.

Since receipt of the federal con-
tract, CASDA staff efforts have
been devoted to the development of
a research library and laboratory
center at State College, and of field
machinery for research dissemina-
fion.

Richardson (‘ASDA Library

The CASDA research library lo—
cated in Richardson llall contains
one page descriptions of all rc—
sciirch received from the federal of-
llff‘. ’i‘hese descriptions are cross
lll(li'.\;c(l in three ways (according
to Federal contract number, author
or researcher. and subject) so that
any interest or request expressed
by a Member School can be easily
fracked down.

The CASDA office in Richardson
collects reports on research done by
the federal government, private
foundations. institutions of higher
education, i.e., any foundation that
does research. It then classifies
fliesc reports and disseminates them
to dillcrciit schools. In this way, it
heips schools to set up their own
research libraries, and aids research
programs in advancing and finding
out where they need matcrials for
further education.

The library and laboratory cen-

SCRIPTEASE

ter, according to the Executive Di-
rector of CASDA, Mr. Donald T.
Donlcy, is already too small.

Now that the research center and
materials have been organized,
Member Schools will begin receiv-
ing sets of abstracts and interpretive
descriptions of the study reports.
Accompanying the reports will (be
a full description of the classifica-
tion and indexing systems so that
CASDA Men'nber Schools can organ—
ize materials indentically for max-
imum utilization. Materials receiv-
ed to date have fallen into the fol-
lowing catcgories: administrative,
curriculum. education for the gifted,
guidance, higher education, mental
retardation and education, and per-
sonal and professional problems in
teaching.

"Lag" In Education

Basically the research project has
investigated certain facets of the
large scale problem of “lag” in the
revision of school practices on the
basis of research findings and ac-
cepted concepts. It has been ac-
cepted that the "lag" factor in edu-
cation. as it is in many other fields,
is inordinately long. Thus, it has
delayed achievable and sorely need—
cd desirable progress.

The major concern of CASDA,
interested in the improvement of
education, is the translation of re-
search findings into comprehensi-
ble form for the use of practitioners
and the transmission of these find-
ings to practitioners.

The pilot program in research
dissemination was formulated and
initiated by CASDA over the past
three years. Several states, univer-
sities, research agencies, and school
systems have expressed interest in
securing information on the project
and it is anticipated that such in-
formation will be. released upon
completion of evaluation of the pro-
ject in the. Spring of 1961.

o A. 8.0091101959

was}! IORDI MTIDIOUS; WHAT!

1‘2. uses 11. REPRESENTATIVE or
Ackoss fr}. SLIP AMY rim rors
l . TAN'I‘ALUI (imam) 12. RESPIRATORY
. vgm3038 DISEASE
1. zoom: 310x “,8. snus'l'ER 17. NEW TESTAMENT
7- BEACH CAM“ 19. R0313 PKRPUKR BOOK
1 . BRITISH comics 1. wings); com 20. im. POLO
CALCULATING TOOL 5 . Mn; 92. WEAR AWAY
1 . licomi on PBCAI 5Q, gum-u; VAMIA'I'IOII 25. -~-- KIYPUR
1 . ---- EM 5 . TURKISH uouu'i'iini 27. DINED
16. ACTOR ouonox -~-- 55, “mm 30. 39.37 means
19. pure“ enemas 59. may Toy 31. FASHION
21. iiosr PUVIBRPUL 32. ASSIST

CHESS rises
2 . counraousa (ABBR.)
rorumn iuics DO
2 . PROHIBITIONIST

NI'I'EI)
GASOLINE TERI

l. U
WN 

2 . con. ‘19. HELICAL
2 . AP'I'KR 13.0. 1. OKNUS PLURAL to. reruns
29. LOVER 2. PERSPIRRD lifl. COERCE
31- PONTICO . men on ALUllllfUl id . MANIr’li‘sT
32. lllOlLBST POINT P NEuTEn ryionouu he). onow DII
. SHINE Ii'l. LEAP —---

33. Bi: rootisiity POND 2
35. LARGE v.3. iiivxii
37. VERY :iiiiiLi. g

9. S'riionriuu Mann.) . CLOI'J’l'EIl Aoiiiiiisrimriori
1. srloiiuii llKllO: 9. FARM iaeitonio '55. rriN'riiio MEASURE
'i'llE --« 10. A erricUuui CARD 57- 8!

ASIA'I‘IC

CALCIUM fliers.)

COUN'I'llY 50. MAKE LACE
52. NA'l‘lONIlL nacovumr

 

 

