 

 

PAGE 2

It's Up To You

Qualiﬁed, Capable, Competent. Do the candidates
you’re voting for have all of these characteristics? We feel
it important to consider these qualities and others as well
before making decisions. Realizing that this issue has been
exhausted long before our arrival, we, nevertheless, feel
it necessary to emphasize it once again.

The candidates you are voting for in this election will
be the leaders of your school. Will you be proud to have
them represent you? Remember, this representation will
not be conﬁned to the realms of State College.

Your selection of leaders must be those you will be
satisﬁed with for the next year—not those whom you will
become annoyed with and will ridicule after a few short
weeks.

You have had ample opportunity to read posters, listen
to speeches, and talk to many. The campaign this year
has been an outstanding one in the light of interest and
enthusiasm shown by the display of posters, mobiles, and
messages through Student Mail. We are proud and pleased
with the spirit shown by the candidates during this two
week period.

We are conﬁdent that by careful decisions on your
part. Student Government and class organization will
have a successful year.

Remember! Now its up to you. Vote and Vote Wisely.

No More Minor?

The State Education Department recently released
some very shocking and revolutionary suggestions in a
report entitled “The Academic Teacher Certiﬁcation Proj-
ect." The suggestions of this report were to increase the
total number of hours that a person would need in his
major ﬁeld. The other courses would remain about the
same except that these suggestions would probably elim-
inate the minor ﬁeld from a prospective teachers studies.
In the case of the Social Studies the minimum number of
suggested hours has been raised by twenty hours. This
is the extreme but the suggested hours of all major ﬁelds
has been raised considerably. These suggestions disagree
with our existing philosophy on what a teacher should be.

It seems that every time a research project is ﬁnished
their results are interpreted as divine law and the colleges
should automatically alter their curriculum to ﬁt in with
new suggestions. Actually these reports may prove nothing
more than the inability of researchers to interpret correct-
ly the available information.

We do not believe that if a college turns out a good
social scientist it will necessarily follow that he will be a
good teacher. We have been told constantly and we ﬁrmly
believe that a teacher does not teach a subject, rather he
teaches the student. To do this requires a broad education
with the accent on his ﬁeld. We feel that there is a great
deal of difference between an accent on a subject and a
specialist in this area. A minor ﬁeld may not be the
answer but we feel that it is a far better answer than a

short sighted specialist. who sees his subject material and “H'iit'tb II the morti- is well tampon in t iii-ct,

nothing more.
R.C.G.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 19I6

BY THE CLASS OF 19I8

 

Second Place ACP

 

First Place CSPA
tiny XLV It‘cbi'lizit“. 12. limo No s

.\l- i l xi  1 . a In t: i. 'i ii. i
i it 'i:. imp t' i |.iioi 1 - | r; b v s I Ii,It my“,
. .1 11'; I il‘ ii iia‘fi

t l i r i l I l -\.t i:.y
;,.:t t I ii I 71 i-lIll
\ t

I! .i I

Il.\itl',‘iit\ llitiii 1' litiltii i tiiil
IUIIII‘I’I' IiilillAl’lll' \lt‘t i I’m
I'ZI.'\I'.i'. iII‘J ilII'J. .I'Ll i .' |
I‘AII’II‘ii l-\l‘.‘.l.l'.t) .\ ,
I).‘\’iill. ! ‘iItHllr i .
li:‘ll’i1‘.i’\ .‘,|.i‘-I.‘ilii.lt ll. .- v‘y: , I i ;
'v'i‘ii I} ii. if II Iii ii . d. I' It.v I i
but: ‘.IIIIIII'3‘ (r ,_ .H- I ,
ill/Elli Iii 'i‘i'.l.".lﬁ ). ,1 I
‘.Iiii.it 1. ti.  d y , h, p. .
Ix‘i‘ij tii-I'iil‘i'd I i i.'.a.. iii [in I
" I
Iii‘ul

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 12. 1960

Kdﬁljdl (ape/M I
By Pasquerella and Fisher

RUMOR HAS IT . . . that 2300
State Students nearly slept through
their mid-semester break . . . that
a. band-aid was found in a ham-
burger pattie served Tuesday night
at the New Dining Room (We don‘t
want to say anything. but what
happened to the finger it was on?!
. . . that if one more election post-
er is hung on the already creaking
walls of lower Draper, the resulting
crash will, by comparison. make
Jericho sound like a pin in a waste-
basket . . . the editor takes tranquil-
izers . . . that Nikita Khruschev is
anti-American . . . that Man Tan
is being freely used and abused on
campus. . . .

WHY DON‘T THEY . . , make
thorough knowledge of ambiguity
a prerequisite for senate member-
ship . embark upon a singing
commercial practice to compliment
the Ed. 21 telecasts tthink of the
advertising possibilities. NoDozc
could triple its sales. Betty Furness
(Ullld really score with a typewriter
that cools beer and automatically
types out very original observation
reports I

S TR AN l)

The Rise and Full of Legs l)ia.
iiiontl-wnlbany makes the flies! The
arousing. tender. and sickening story
of a cross-eyed window washer and
his quest for recognition among the
giants of his profession. Think
such a lousy plotiiiie makes for a
weak slippy story cli‘.’ Well. you're
right. But it's really worth seeing
readers. This silly character hap-
pciis to have met his end in a room-
lllL‘.‘ house located right on Albany's
own Dove Street! Now if inside iii-
iorination of this type doesn't make
you want to rush out. now to do
battle with the already awesome
ticket lines. then you‘ll just have to
be satisfied with another dull week-
end spent playing bridge in the
Union. iWe say dull in reference
to bridge because we have it on very
good atitliority that it's practically
impossible to obtain pornographic
playing cards in this area on such
short. noticei

PALACE

Solomon and Sheba —— A tender
foreign film brings Shirley Booth
back with her (log. This time she
plays Solomon for which she may
get‘ an Academy Award as top"ac-
tor'".’—~—What a switch! In the movie
she does a duct—that top tune“ Ba
Ba Black Sheba“; the duo being
compostd of Shirley and her dog.
The dog has beautiful basc qualities
and may get a contract with (‘irr

\\Ill"Il we doubt. 'l‘hcrc's always
l'ayola! I

MADISON

"()Dt‘rulion l’ctticoat" ’l'oiiy (fur—
tis plays a skilled surgeon who per-

forins an appendectomy on an
oiancc ci'inoliiie ’l’hi. inovic ltitt‘i
cit-ii make the .\lcdic series i ii 'I V

lots of luck! Submarines waits thc
'.|.ti1'k.s this i. no tear ici'izcr but

'ii'lI :zct \\'l'l honi lIil' :.pi‘i\ or thi-
Icil-iv ll'lllll‘.’ iii Ilic iii unci‘atc
‘tiiairc ilscll'

I Notice

Barbara Libous. ctlitor~iii~cliicf

 

ot the Slate ('ollcge Ncws an—
iiounics lhal thcrc will be a
NILWS Board meeting Tuesday

night at tizilll pm. In ISrubacIii-r.

.\ ciib class meeting will also
he held at 7 pin. .\II stall" nicni~
bers are asked to be prcscnl. .\iiy
sltuleiils interested Ill working on
the .\‘l.\\S should also atlciid the
“ii-cling.

'llie Idlilor—iii»('Iiicf and thc
.\Iunagiiig l'idilor arc happy to
announce the sale of: l case of

   
  
   
 

Nolloz llolllc's (empty) and 2
cases of 'I‘ranuuilizers Ilotlles.
(ontact IS. Iiibous or II. (icb-

Iiardt c/o Mutawaui, N. Y.

 

 

 

r 
Wanton ‘ x :

 

 

 

  

I . .
l
i
I
L  A
c R lemt

Now that you know my name and what office I'm running,r for. you
will vote for me . . . won‘t. you . . . dear. . . .

 

Gammon-Stake

Iiy .I.Il)l('K AND II'UNOI It“)

   

if i

3 ' f I 
f . .

“ I 
 . . to which. the wiltier a man is. he is generally f
the more obnoxious." —l)rydcii i * ‘
I-JXti’I‘ll' Sl-JT’IINUS I.\' THE LOWER I’ICIIIS'I‘YLl-JS i I

While w'eiidiiig our way from class to class. we'ie t‘lil'tliilill tit. i,

an obstacle course. All the ducking and neck-stretching wi '\i~ be. i, t i ._‘

 

lately cotiiposcs what seems to bc State‘s ansch to Vic 'i’aiiiicy‘ I.‘\t.' ,
gym. Not cycn me rest rooms. have been spared by the /t.IIIIIi,-~ i ;; ‘ g ‘
jiitl:!l(.'l'>. but perhaps a more appropria‘c place coiiid not Lax. ot-
ciioscn for some of them Jiidciiig by all the talent I‘Ht IIi.iI. T
displayed around this place. we wonder if the adiinnistration t'IiiI. '. . i .
possibly fit a major in Art into the curriculum. The .ayinis iil.(l  j
expressed are all novel and eye-catching. btit are they a j)l'tt}br I,
seems more like a (.‘tll‘lil'.'nl of \‘ciiice complete with music lli.ili ll: . I
iclligcut election campaign. 5
LET‘S PAINT! W
Spring isn't here. but .priii: rciiiodciiiig is. Accoanvanyine 'ia '. I
papci‘iiig in llic hall.- wc are buying furniture l'l moochd iii tin ta." 'i
The tables are beginning to shape up again. ti, say illitlillii'. of the t .".
and the rail. But remember. Tom Sawyer. whcn you do your rt izw'..i'.'
please don‘t use water paint. Last year. when never mind!
liiil‘ll IIIS OWN
lhisiiccs. make up your own minds ~'(Ifill'l, lei ani i iic do u lot
A fraternity. while primarily a social organization. thaiilti be u pi t'ii;.i: iv .
institution for you (lltl'lii! the time yoti are here at State. Wei ii
circumstances carefully before you sign that bid. While joining a flit“ '
organization doesn't cut you off from all oil'icr tics. it does tlccl 
govern your loyalty to a :crtain group of .‘ilt‘ll. ‘
Rushing ciids Saturday. bids come out Monday. and ei.'ci'j.oi.c
campus will breathe a collective sigh of relief ’l'hcic's no stiplili'. .
that says that. you must sign if you're not sure. though. You li;l‘.t 'laiv
ycars left here. and if you need more time to make a decision i.:l:~ i‘
The choice you will make is your own. Whatever it may bc. coiici'a'ui v- , ,

tions! You made it yourself.

('IIICI‘IIIS—OK I..-\(‘K OF THEM ‘
“Buckle down. old State" was a verv faint murmur which i-i'i. 

sweetly throughout tiic Armory at the Sicna game. We sav "sum'

bicausc it. did sound sweet. but who ever told you people that (l.i'

were supposed to be sweet? The way we heard it. they're siippo.~i~i; ‘ r

be LOUD! And STRONG! The cheerleaders were there. the dam 

there, and the crowd was there but. the crowd was there in body a. s L... I
lief you come to the game simply because you could sit at this ole
sit-ad of siaiid'.’ Wc hate to use the word "spirit" it's biiii Ititti‘o
around so murh but. we lack a better term. Where was your t-iiitt‘
lieopic‘ﬂ' 'i‘lie only part of it we obsc'w'cd took the form til 'I‘" "-"i‘
honored-.pori of ‘iiinpirc--baiting" :iiiti "f'oat‘h t‘I'ltlt'HIIii' ‘3‘." ‘l'w
"Who icaiiy lost at the Siciia gamc, the crowd or iltt‘ it “"i

tWr"l‘c usiiin Iiii- Siciia i'.lll]l' as an examplc because it‘s llic b.’ HIV '
of the year but its not cxccptioii to the general trcnt. ol 'I‘ti\‘~tI '11 "
tcrest i it vll'lll: to us that the team was really ti'viiii' bill \U till- 
L'ivc a L'tititl old-fashioned lironx Cliccr for the crowd And Roll “-
a football li‘illll \ct'lili! ‘
’l‘.\I'I-IS'I‘IH' .\.‘\'l) ’l‘IIl-. I'NIIIN

Have you liiIIit'IlI .‘dillil'lldll" latch in the Student l'nioi. Illi'
As you (llll.' down that third coke and listen to "IIIII‘II in Not IIH’II'
'ia- lIIII'l nth tniic doc .i Il'l'lztill lllllIt'IlllilIIIt‘ iccliiir [i 11 Hill ill!"
thin! 1. than «it (IiIIIiI'liI unfamiliar? Soiiiithiiizi l iii 'In
i.ithcr .wtilliI'IIllli’ l.v Iiilll"lll:‘ on Illt' wiii<ioi.v._ oyi-i' iiil auntie!» ~
IIiI‘ “IIIIIII‘J. iIII ‘.\t'll. \IIII liliti'.‘. \‘.Ii.il WI' IIlI .iti WI I'll Ii'-'~ ‘II II ‘ 5'
Iiiill'lititilti i iit..ni stoic icci-iitlv had a Itrc ..ilc but li‘l‘lI ilic lllfliili I
.iid t.:' .it’

\\’liiii- ‘.o‘ii IlUIlt'lll" IIllIi‘ now that '.\c li.i‘.t I'llwilI'llII
of ion: ‘2 iiai do you i.otiic ttl".IIilll" nii .iiig'.) 'l‘liit. Il"It' ‘Ii'
l.‘iI|-' \II' Ita‘t' '-i tiiiiii...~. iliii '.\c I»cl llitll‘lll’i' \\l|ll‘«lil 'Ilt I"""t
i;iii.il..ii ‘IIi‘itI out: Audio] of our [III.I 'I' .iioinai ii.. \K'iatt *III'
III' iIIIltl.||I' Will lIlt". bc iitinntii" mat ill.|\. '.‘.t‘ .i‘. to Ito itI‘I'
L'I'IIII-“IIII’II IIIIVII‘.III‘.Ié.hI‘: " tiiilil |l.i‘ .ili IIII II.| tl‘ Iiiillll II‘ II"I 1‘1"": '[U

\l’iiii oizai- i the. Il' .Iioi - iiiiniis ruinai e forl'

*u__. .-___ __—*A~"’ i .
Co/Iege Co/eno’or

M__um_~__~'__w__~_ﬂ_ummﬁwmﬁ_ _ 44 A W vumwﬂws...
I'IIIII\I'. ll'IiIH .\III I"!
‘III' a It: l pm SA election». Lower I)l'lt]l‘i‘
(I 5“ bin Merlin-i oi /\ltil'lll‘;ili liiiiiiaiiiat .t\:i.iit'i:illott ('“I‘tlrl'
“pl” i‘m  iljljilllia date jiarty, (‘ciici‘a

_ t | -  j i ‘ n I ' r in
SA“ “In” I‘I‘J’l‘r‘l‘nlylllltill It list for Statistic ll
lItillll {It'll-Iii “(li‘litiiiiiii"j;l‘|‘l:5 “I'll Mllikdliiii :Illll (Ii.i.1 olitti HIIUI' "I H“ 'L

i . i 2 t - ' ‘ ‘
MONDAY. It'l'iIIIII'AllYI T51 H “1"” “MN I“! HH'N‘HML) HM“
ill a in ~l piii HA elections. iiowci' Draper
1 till pin Pt‘t‘sltlctit Hamilton's scheduled arrival.
:“R

a-..“ Emma”... n. .........

. m-nmm.w..-i- . .__,.._i.. ..

STATE COLLEGE NEWS FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 12. 1960

PAGE 3

 

 

al/aude Jag/14

 

 

U p p c r classmen initiations and
open-houses highlight the news in
Greek row for this week.

Sororities
Kappa Delta

An opin house for Stateiinen will
be held tonight from 9-12 p.r.i.. an-
nounces Nancy McGowan ‘tiO. Presi—
(lent.

l’si (lamina

Sally Van Sony '60. and Pat Bciic-
detio ‘62. co-cliairmcn. announce
that the waiters and drivers party
for those who worked at Formal
Dinner will be held at 8:30 pin. to-
night. The theme is ‘Comc Willi Us
to the Casbali.”

Sigma Phi Sigma

Shelia Eckhaus "tilt. Pl't'dtlt'lll .in—
nouiiccs that Susan Blank '62 was
initiated into the sorority on Mon—

day.
Doris Soiidak "I32. was recently
appointed as chairman for State
Fair.

(lamina Kappa Phi

Marcy Van lit-liven 'ii't) announces
that an open house for oil—caiiipus
iiicn will be hcld on Saturday from
an pin.

Beta Zeta

Shelley (‘ii‘iibcr .iiid .\lttl'y liou
I’l'l‘.\.“i.’I(, Sipiioinori's. were rccciif-
l\ plcdi'eti. announce. Phyllis .\l..l—
loi\ 'titt I’rivsidctit.

|.S.C. Dignifies
Pledge Week

IS(' oflicizilly announces the fol—
li)‘.‘.ili.' ciiaiurc- iii the procedure for
hell wcck. which will be held Feb—
i'iiary 2.!) through March 3. these
changes havin: been made with the
iiittiitlon of tiiakiiig the entire al—
Illimplll‘l't‘ of hcli “‘ch more dieni-
Iii-d.

l. Plcdces are not to be required
to perform or dress degrading-
ly in school or at the student
Union.

I’ll-(lei duties will be faulted to
the State College Campus.
Sistci‘s‘ arc “Hi to I‘lltl;llll,’l.'l’
i)lt‘tl£'l' physically or mentally
on licll lliI'IlI.

[Q

The (,‘ouiicil hopes that the sub»
stitutioii of more consti'ui'tnc duties
for the humiliating acii\itics will
maki- possible better iclatioiis both
within and bctwi t'Il soroi'itiis

Sonii
ecsii-tl by
('Hiiiill‘tll.

io-ipci'.iti\c .lt tiyitic. u;
i>=(‘ .re tawhiiiiiit the
Isnirillili' i. illl the l;it‘llll_‘.

sh w for State I'.|il. coiiiitiiii' iiioiicy
IIII’ t.c (‘aiiigius Kill" tIt‘J‘lI It and
wt i'lain'i on Stati- li'aii III‘thIl‘l'h
Ausii'iiiat da'is tot l‘\|lll\ u,» to
formal iii;t:.liiii iic
t ()itlliln of lift] iiiic: and hcll
iii ht .II 1. inc Illilllllt'.l E»
ii am» ii, iii. on b: I\\'t lye Iiii In
Iii. \Vl'iliit'.»tii\ I'IIilllil\ ill
1' l’jid: lt'..t. per up tlic IIIII
.I'It‘i lli Ilit 'tIiIl'lll in ii id.
I‘t'lii‘iiii. .'ti ittci it .iIii
It iiiti.iiii t iiiiiiataiii will bc Ill'll
ii ‘II. II ii. '. .\l ii it if
i I'll'iii.ti Illlll.il.t3t ‘. ii III‘ .‘Sili'
..‘. .\I.iti|t ti

Due to fraternity bid sessions on
Sunday. open house has been can-
celled.

Sigma Alpha

Donnalee Anderson ‘60. President.
announces that Janice Gibson and
Joyce lladdaway. Sophomores. were
initiated as members on Monday
evening.

A date party will be held tonight
at Ccnci's.
I-‘ratcrnities
Alpha I’i Alpha

Merle Miller ‘GII. President. an-
nounces that the following pledges
were initiated into the brethcrhood
recently: Joseph Ball. th'li:.l‘(l
(,‘ooper. Sophomores. and Raymond
Eddy '61.

Ray Smith '62 is ~hairman for
the fi'atei'iiitvs State Fair Booth.

Men's Council
Determines New
Dorm's Policy

Association
was formed in
i cnci'al dorm
carry out

A .\Icii's Dormitory
l-‘xci'ut Eli

it. de'ci'inine the

(‘ounnil
oi’di-t

; ifici. aid to plan ‘lllll

the dorm pi'ogi'aiii

The Council i‘ conipoa'd of the
dorm pi‘csidiiit. secretary-trcasui'ei'.
and liili' vice—prc idcnts. elected by

the rcsldciits

litxecutivc Coul‘cll is authorized
by the Men's Hall Constitution to
take whatever action it deems nec-
essary to insure that the House
Rules are compiled with and of-
fciiders punished. Offenders are
put on Social Restriction (Ct‘tlll-
pusch from 8 pm. to 7 am. Fri-
day. Saturday, and Sunday. A
Social Restriction is given only to
those residents who willfully des-
troy or deface dorm property and
is issued by any counselor or David
’t‘rcharnc, Director of Men's Hail.

To carry out dcrm functions. two
standing committees have been sc
up for athletic and social actiVities.

Ulili vice-presidents for 1959-60
are Ronald Crowell '61. and Ken-
neth Bellantoni. Gerald Blair, Hen-
ry \I'cavcr, David Nichols. Richard
Kocpsill freshman. ‘lll(l Richard
Wolf and David ltccd. Si phomores.

D&A Opens
Ticket Sales

Static (.‘ollccc
jrodiiciioii of The Queen
and the Rebels by l.’i:o llctti and
iiiiictid by Dr .l:.ikii liiiriaii. As-
.\a t i.itc I‘i‘olcssor oi liftitill h. \\‘111 go
ia. all“ on I“t'l)t‘li.il'}' l'J. lilliil iii the
fowl-r It‘l'i‘~l_\'lt‘.

r.

Iii-«:i-I iiit' illt'

'l'l‘ii .i'i.

i’iiioiin.iiiic:-. \\iII run from I“i'b-
l!‘.il‘\ lit ihrouih 27 III the Iatilc
'ihcalii- liiclizirdsoii'Jili Nostudcnt
|.i\; .nitiiis totis ‘.\‘lll bc ilIIII\‘.I‘lI titi
I“l'l)l'|l.il. 13'] bciausi oi coiiiiiit with
State l~. ir

 

PA RT-TI ME

 

LIFE MAGAZINE

Telephone Sales

ii l r ’wi.ll| I‘T-.il“. i|"'.l'\' i\.‘\ll \\lIlI lilil “xi \‘\I'. |I:\\I' A I‘.-\Ill
ll'xil liii. ‘.\IIlt II \I-\‘» l-I‘ Illl- .i\.'\:-,y\I ll Iii -\Ii‘\’»'lll'll MINIMI .\l I'/\III
I'lt.\l.‘.il‘ilt \VIII linl‘f \ l"~lli‘\ll.\’ l.il("\IIII “.ItilillCN lil'Ill'l‘
. .
iI~l, 1-5, b—‘J

HO 5-1591

(llll'l IA HUN (UMI'.\.\Y

EARNINGS

 

 

 

Joerg Demus to

Present Concert
In Page Feb. 25

Music Council is proud to present
JOerg' Demus. pianist. at its forth-
coming concert Thursday, February
25 at Page Hall.

Demus has been called the “most
perfect pianist of the younger gen-
eration" by Paris critics upon his
debut there. In 1958 he was awarded
the Harriet Cohen Golden Bach
Medal and has been well-received
in the United States as well as in
Europe.

Joerg Demus is considered a lead-
ing exponent of the music of Bach
and Schumann, but plays equally
well the music of Debussy and other
leading composers. His program will
be a well-balanced representation
of these composers, including many
popular favorites.

The Demus concert here is a pint
of a nationwide tour which includes

approximately fifty cities in the
United States and Canada.
Tickets

Information concerning tickets

will be announced at a later date
in the News.

 

Sepa’mle Veiled
foodie 74ama4

liy KICN TAYLOR

Our cafeteria. as some of you
doubtlesst are aware. tends to be
somewhat. split into various ethnic

:tliitijiS It's frightening. you know.
I mean think of the emotional
traumas that could develop from

sitting at three different tables for
three separate meals . . . iii the same
day. «That distraught. young man
you see hurtling through the halls
isn't. in a lllill'zlllltill. He’s on his
way to his locker. He forgot his

chartrcusc jacket. That‘s terrible
I mean. what can he identify him-

self with?)
Just, think what would happen.
You know, eight o‘clock Monday

morning you don't think with your
usual perception and you wander
into the wrong room and sit down at
the wrong table. You take the first
sip of coffee anti open your eyes

. and see strangers. You're sur-
roundcd _ , . yoit give the password
. . . nothing IldHH‘llS . . . horrible.
You think. "Maybe if I act like I
Iii-long " You finally escape. Easing
your wa; into your familiar seat. at
your norinal table you say. "You
know this llltll‘lllllg the oddest thing
happciicd. "

Army Needs
New Teachers

School teachers. for both the
cteiiicniary and secondary grades.
are iicrictl in schools which the
Army operatcs for children of its
military and civilian employees
overseas The Army is recruiting
teachers now for the liltitI-o‘l school

year in (icrinany. Ii'rancc. itaiy
Japan. Okinawa and Korea.
Sonic vacancies also eXist iii the

“.tllli- tiiilllllll‘n for school librarians.
"illt|.ilitt' coiin i-lors. and .idiiiiiiis-
I!.iii.l‘ iu‘l'Stilllll'l

lb' eeiici..l ipialitications lll'llltIt'
.. I).t 'licliii's tll‘l'l't’l‘. \tlili Ill Sl'lllt'w—
ici hours credit in cdiication courses
and two years of teaching experi-
.vipplicaiits must be between
the :ii-i-s of 'Jil and (it). and must be
currently employed lit the teaching

field or in furthering their pro»
icssioiitil education.

Salaries start at $415 a mouth
Iii-iitdiee III’lll'. quarters are tur—

iiished or. where not available. a
housing allowance is paid. Free
transportation overseas and return
is provided. The tour of duty is one
\‘l‘ill'

To assure consideration for the
coming school year. iiiuuiry regard-
llil application pro cdurc should be
made lniiiiediiitely to the personnel
office of the Corps of Engineers‘
Eastern ()cean District at 346 Broad-
vvay. New York 13. N. Y.

Senate:

Senate Alters
Transfers Ped

The main topic of Senate discus-
sion this week was the Rivalry Bill.
Since it was to be voted on. the bill
was read topic by topic and discus-
sion followed. It took an hour and
a half to iron out the vocabulary
and of course as always traditions
played an important part. “What is

Campus King
Finalists Cited

Preliminary elections for Campus
King completed last Friday. result—
ed in the election of the following
Seniors as finalists: Jack Anderson.
David Feldman. Charles Fowler.
Robert Helwig. Paul Hooker and
Phillip Shepherd.

(‘rowning

Co-chairmen of State Fair this
year. Camie Everett and Louis Wol-
iier. Juniors. announce that final
voting will take place at State Fair.
February 27. through the use of
money as ballots. The Campus King
will be crowned that same evening
by Campus Queen. Aim Fleming ’60.

Classes Open
Play Tryouts

It has been announced that try-
outs for the two one-act plays to
be presented by the class in ad-
vanced drainatics will bc held in
Draper 349 and Draper 201 on Mon-
day from 3 to :3 pin, However. on
Tuesday the tryouts will commence

at 7:30 p.iii.. according to F‘i'cyda
('raw '6]. director.
Plays

The advanced dramatics class is
inder the instruction of .larka
llurian. Assistant Professor of Eng-
lish. One of the plays to be cast
is The l'nsatisl‘iu-tory Supper by
Tcnnessess Williams. The Tennes-
scc William‘s play will be under the
direction of Miss Craw. The other.
Aria da Capo by Edna St. Vincent
Millay is under the direction of John
Griffin '61. Copies of the plays have
been I.‘Iiitt‘(l on reserve in the
library for those who wish to obtain
them before the scheduled tryouts

 

(ircct Your Sweet

While Eating (1 Treat

St. Va/entine's Day

SUNDAY
SNACK BAR

 

 

Gerald Drug Co.

Albany. N. Y.
l’hone 6.3610

'5l7 \I'cslei n Ave.

 

Rivalry Bill
Budget Line

tradition but traditional.” The prob-
lems were finally solved thanks to
the few capable and attentive peo-
ple. The bill was then voted on and
passed unanimously.

How can a Senator review a bill.
and also paint and paste at the
same time?

Due to an underestimate of last
years budget. Pedagogue asked for
a line transfer to make up the de-
ficit. This years income and the two
hundred and twenty dollars from
the conference line should take care
of the photography bill. Pedagogue
(lid not request extra money. The
vote again was unanimously passed.

Tickets for D & A productions as
well as those for Music Council will
be made available to State College
Sttideiits and Facuty three days be-
fore they go on sale for outsiders.
A phone will be installed for the
use of area residents. They can call
up and request tickets for State
College productions. These sugges-
tions were referred to committee.

The resignation of the Chairman
of Election COllillllSsltill was an-
nounced. To be a member of Elec-
tion Commission one must be free
iroiii all politics. If the person who
resigns does not get elected to office
he may then be reinstated if Senate
approves.

A Camp met-tine, with Dr. Smith
the Camp Consultant was held last
week. He talked with pro and con
groups to get an idea of the students
thoughts on Camp Dippikill. Some
time this Spring Dr. Smith will pre-
setit his rccoinmciidalions for the
camp in terms of its educational
value. The ultimate fate of our Camp
of course lies in our hands.

Senators anti visitors heard some
facts about the budget. It is run-
lilllL' smoothly and we still have
eight thousand dollars in surplus.

 

HAVE
S

M
WILL
TRAVEL

 

 

L. (I. BALFOUII

Fraternity Jewelry

 

Badges, Steins, Rings

Jewelry, Gifts, Favors

Stationery, Programs
Club Pins, Keys
Medals, Trophies

l'NIVICRSI’l‘Y I’.(). moo.

17] Marshall

Syracuse It), New York

(ill 5-7szn

 

Street

 

(‘arl Soreiison, Mgr.

 

 

. comprising 350 oulslanding
(‘o-Ild Camps. located throughout
tie States and Canada

. .INVI’I‘ES YOUR INQI'IRIICS

available.

55 West 42nd Street

 

CAMP COUNSELLOR OPENINGS

FOR FACULTY, STUDENTS AND GRADUATES
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS

as Counsellors, Instructors or Administrators.
. . . POSITIONS in children’s camps, in all areas of activities, are
Association of Private Camps - Dept. C

Write, Phone, or (‘iill in Person
0.\’ 5-2656

 

Boys. (.iirls, Brother-Sister and
the New England. Middle Allan-

coiiccrning summer employment.

New York 36, N. Y.

 

 

 

