 

PAGE I

From The Editor’s Desk:

Emergency Measure . . .

Today Myskania will introduce a resolu-
tion to you, the Student Association, con-
cerning a temporary form of representative
government to be in effect during the time
that Page Hall cannot be used.

Some people think that this temporary
measure is necessary and should be given
a fair trial—not condemned immediately.
The people who drew up this resolution feel
that it is necessary as long as Page cannot
be used for assemblies and as long as there
is no other place large enough to meet.
They see it as the only solution to the prob-
lem at the moment. In their eyes it is the
best possible thing for the Association and
should be voted through. If non-compul-
sory assemblies were held somewhere else,
there would not be a representative group
..present and the opportunity for one group
to pack the assembly would present itself.
, On the other hand, although Page, the
traditional meeting place for assemblies
will not be available, t may be that there
are other possible locations for the Associa-
tion to meet and SA may wish to discuss
and investigate these before this represent-
ative government is voted through. Our
present form of government is the most
democratic form of government possible——
a town meeting type in which every mem-
ber of SA has a vote. If the resolution is
passed, everyone but the representatives to
this new legislature will lose his individual
vote. Many people will resent this loss of
voting power. The resolution states that
this new legislature will last only until
January, but there are those who feel that
once it is established we will never go back

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 23. 1955

Dear Gremlin . . .

Dear Frosh . . .

Just between you and us and 1,400 upper-
classmen—welcome to State College. You
have been to Frosh Camp, gone through
registration and experienced one day of
classes and are probably thoroughly con-
fused by this time. However, you have had
time to meet the upperclassmen and fac-
ulty and realize by now that State College
is a pretty wonderful place.

As you progress through your first year
and the succeeding ones, this will become
more and more evident to you. You will
come to love and respect the traditions of
the college as we do and will want to up-
hold them during your stay here.

Don’t let Rivalry and traditions get mix-
ed up in your minds—there is a distinct
difference between the two. Wearing your
beanies, for instance, is a tradition which
is part of the college and has nothing what-
soever to do with Rivalry. Don’t disregard
or violate these customs, thinking you are
getting ahead of the Sophs in Rivalry.

You are now a member of State College
and high school is far in the past. You will
be told this more than once in the next four
years—“Remember who you are and what
you represent!”

We wish you the best of luck in your col~
lsetgti5 c'areer—you’ll never be sorry you chose

a e.

 

both sides of this question and vote upon
it in assembly next week. Give it careful
consideration—remembering that we must
have some system of government, be it rep-
resentative or assembly type, and that
something must be done immediately to

 

to our present system.
You will be given a chance to discuss

Peas In A Pod?

By PAUL r. wnEELEa, Assistant Professor of Social Studies

Registration time is upon us, as 2,839,000 students descend this week
on campuses all over the country. Two thousand of these, more or less,
have arrived at State College at Albany. more than ﬁve hundred of
whom are experiencing their ﬁrst taste of college life. Two thousand
appears to be a small fraction of all college men and women, but the
statisticians tell us that it is probably a fairly representative sample.
as college people tend to be alike in many ways.

Although nearly three million students sounds like a lot of people,
it represents only a small proportion of the total population, and not
much more than one-fourth of all individuals in the same age brackets.
This means that a college group is a very select group. Not all of those
who are entering school this fall will graduate, which will make those
who do finish members of an even more select group.

Less than 10 per cent of the adults in America have completed
college. To be counted among this group implies that you have the ef-
fective intelligence necessary for successful college work, that you prob-
ably can pay for at least a part of your expenses. and, most important.
that you wanted to come to college. It is estimated that for every quali-
ﬁed individual in college. there is at least one other young person, fully
as capable, who did not choose a college education.

College students. of course. tend to be similar in age and training,
and at State most of you are further alike in that you probably prepared
for college at it public school in New York State and that you have
expressed a desire to become a teacher.

All of these factors by no means indicate that all college students
are peas in the sume pod. The “typical” student, like the "typical mun-
on-the-strcet" is a statistical obstruction. A wide range of individual
differences may be observed on any campus. Students at. State repre-
sent evcry creed. color. and nutiomil origin group found in New York. All
shades of political mid economic opinion have their spokesmen on cum-
pus. Student interest groups range from those interested in Existentialism
to those who prefer nothing more than discussing the world series over a
glass of beer. (Sometimes. more often than you think, the some people
may be found in both groups.»

This is what the lnfomicd student might have expected. for one of
the clnn'uctcristics of it college person is his tolerance of different ideas.
This is not just a statement of things as they should be. but a real
measure of the way college people everywhere think and feel. C(illl-
pured with the rest of the population. college people are the least
prejudiced «that is. less opt to prcjiidgc others! than any other type
of group. This docs not mean thiit some college students are not preju-
diced. Some are very much so, but the great majority tend to judge
others on the basis of individual worth. and not by any stereotypes
they may have happened to pick up.

Strangely enough, while college students are "liberals" in this re-
spect, they are uptc to be "conscrvutivcs" in other ways. Politiculiy.,
college students are not the “radicals” they are sometimes accused of
being by tile popular press, but tend to icuii towards a conservative
political position. becoming, in foot, more conservative, the longer that
they remain hi college. This docs not imply that they affiliate with u
:,|)i!(.‘lli(l party or program, but does indicate it buslc attitude toward
methods of dealing with problems in n changing society.

(.‘ollcgc people themselves change. it would be illili'lliilli: if they
didn't. College is a place where they are exposed to new ideas. and are
expected to put these ideas to work in their own lives. One of the things
that they may be expected to learn is it way of testing new ideas, and
either accepting or rejecting them on the basis of reason, in the light of
evidence which supports or discredits them. Perhaps more tiiuii anything
else, this is the mark of a college educated person.

remedy the situation.

 

6mm

To the Editor:

The State University of New York
is an unrivaled experiment in edu-
cation. The second largest State
University. it is also the newest.
and perhaps, because of this latter
fact and the widely-separated
campus and the student relations
between the member units have
heretofore been sadly neglected.
This year a radically new and dif-
ferent type of organization has for-
mulated a multitude of activities,
described in part elsewhere in the
paper. to try to correct this sadly
neglected problem. The organization
is the New Inter-Collegiate Associa-
tion of the New York State Teach-
ers College. and the rotating steer-
ing committee for the Association
this year is Albany State.

 

The work facing the committee is
overwhelming. in detail and in pur-
pose. Perhaps. if you are u frosh.
you are not even aware of the exist-
ence of the State University, let
alone ICA. But. if you take inter-
est and pride in State College. it is
not long before the realization takes
place that. an orgunimttion is vitally
needed to represent the. ideas mid
opinions of the students in the
teaching units of the University,
professional groups, to the Legisla-
tnrc, and to the Board of Trustees.
One that benefits cuch individnui
college by providing a media for
discussion of the many extra cur-
ricular and social problems con-
frontlng all of iis—»—ihe New Intel'-
Coliegiutc Association is this organ-
ization, and is doubling its efforts
this your to produce notable results.

Unfortumitcly. the membership
on the ICA Committee, here at Al-
buny. must. of necessity be limited.
Now set at thirteen, a large number,
it finds that the Work mid plum.-
gi'cutiy exceed the mnonnt. of time
that can be given to [CA by thirteen
people, taking academic courses us
well.

We need student help. and We lil'i‘
proud to ask for it. if you have
never done anything before in sin-
dcnt. gowrnmcnt, wc \vclcomc your
uciivc iiitcrcst us cugcrly us ll you
were an old bond ill the ficld. our
meeting is next 'l‘ucsduy night at
7:3!) in lirubocher. it is u chance.
to learn more about lCA, to work
for strong University tics ilil(l com-
moii settlement of problems.

lluve Kendig,
President of ICA.

 

Gammon-5b!”

By TINAPP and DEVINE

   

“Tis a tale told by an idiot, "
Full of sound and fury—signifying nothing.

GREAT EXPECTATIONS . . .
Another year—another job well done. A certain gentleman, who

wishes to remain anonymous (but whose initials are IBM.) has done it
again! Need we say more? Yes! He has again astounded the college
with an exemplary display of confusion. Help! Stop the machine! I
missed my station!

TESTIMONIAL . . .
Tritely, but truly, in our tetrasyllabic tongue, ’tis terifﬁc to take
this time to tend to the tenderfeet a tribute:
WELCOME FROSH TO THE TERRA INCOGNITA!

NATCH! . . .

We had high hopes for Frosh Camp, but . . . Sam and Elaine have
exceeded our most optimistic expectations. Organization and fun, tops!
Best the Sophs beware—rumor has it the fresh are loaded.

$64,000 QUESTION . . .
What’s new, cold and clammy? . The milk machine in the

cafeteria. Great! We'll miss the bar though.

HINT . . .
Don’t miss the All-College Reception tomorrow night. Top talent
followed by Payne’s inimitable rhythms, and free goodies.

C’EST SI BON! . . .

Herewith consider cast two votes of approval on the faculty par-
ticipation at the Junior Guide Reception. We sincerely hope this is an
indication of increasing integration between faculty and students. A
special Oscar to Dr. Sargent for taking a giant step in the right direction.

COMMON STATEMENT FROM THE COMMON-STATE]! . . .

A word to the wise should be sufﬁcient. The janitorial staff has once
again presented us with a spotless Commons and cafeteria. Without
gonig too far out on a limb we would like to state our belief that each
and every one of you is capable of placing your empty coke bottles in
their cases, and keeping your cigarettes off the ﬂoor. Previously, this
appears to have been too much to ask. Now, after all. . .. .

BLACKOUT . . .

We want a darkroom. It has been promised to us. All we want to
know is where it is. The News, Ped, Press Bureau and a legion of other
college organizations need a spot to develop the pictures so vital to
their efﬁcient operation.

ASSEMBLY . . .
Go!!!!!! Whei‘e????? Pagelii!!!

PET PEEVE . .

Pedagogue. We hear there's a pretty good chance that at long last
we'll be able to ﬁnd out who graduated. We advise freshmen to sign
up for their yearbook pictures now. This will insure speedy delivery
by the spring of 1960. tWith luck).

NOW [S THE HOUR . . .
Beware the Witching hour at Bru. We offer a free second hand to
the ﬁrst person who ﬁnds two tallying timepieces. Warnings, anyone??

QUESTION OF THE WEEK . . .
Anybody wanna buy a slightly used student. teacher?

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 23

6:00 pm St. John's Lutheran Church Reception.

8:00 pm. Canterbury Club Reception. St. Andrew‘s Church. Madison Ave.
Church Receptions: Trinity Methodist, First Presbyterian, Ein-
munncl Baptist. Unitarian. First Reformed.

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24

7:30 pm. All-College Reception, Page Hull.

0-12 pm. Dance. Brubuchcr Dining Room.

SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 25

 

2:30 pm. Student Christian Association Picnic. Thacher Park.

4:00 pm SMILES Reception, Brubucher Upper Lounge.
3:00 pm. Newman Reception, Ncwmmi Hall.
7:30 pm. News Board meeting, Publications Office, Brubacher.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF I9IB

 

First Place CSPA
VOL. XXXX

Second Place ACP
September 23, 1055 No. 14

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from 'f to
ll pm. at 2-3820. Ext. ll. Phones: Cochrano, 2-7030; Luft 2-0012; 8 l u - ;
Ooldstuin 2-20120; Lackey 3-027'1; Moore, 2-3320. wouowsm a a?“

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Calls 0 for Teuohors'
mmhgiionovory Friday of the College year by the NEWS Bourdﬂfor the Student

AILEEN OOCIIRANI - - - - - - - . .
CAROL ANN LUFT - - - - - . . .
ICS'I‘III‘IH HOLDS'I‘I'IIN ~ » -

ldiinr-in-Obinl
- Min-[In] Editor
(‘o-l'ulilie liciuilons Editor
(‘o~l'ubllo Iioluilonu I-idlior
(‘o—Ilusiness-Adveriising Editor
(‘o~Husiiicxs-Adveri[hing I-Idiior
- (‘lrculiiiiou Editor

IIAVII) IU’JNDIG - o

Itl'l'.\ I..\i\l IIiNllilA - ~ -
MARY .INN SilllIAD'I‘T‘IIAI'Ill-III.
JilI’i‘l‘I Mi-II‘I-iIiMAN - - — . . . .
MARCIA LAWRENCE - - - - . . . .

MATTHEW OSTOYIOH - - - - - - - - [All'lz‘iili‘ii‘t‘ii 
RICHARD SAUEII - - - - - - - - - Auouiute Editor
JOSEPH SWIEBZOWBKI - - - - - - - ~ ~- Sports Editor
ARNOLD NEWMAN - - - - - - - - Junior Sports Editor
DOROTHY HABMUSSEN - - - - - - - Junior Sports Editor

JOHN HNAI‘P - - - - - - - - st-rr Photographer

All coniniunlentlmis should be addressed to the editor and must be nl u l

:‘li‘lnmlgviggglel’dagili iiequﬁiit. TING STATE 001M501!!! NEWS tissuiimu no rosp‘i‘inglbllllllmigi
i u e no name or connnuneutlou, l

neoeuuruy “no” “In “a”. ii us until expressions do not

 

Maggi," i

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 23. 1955

 

 

 

no: a

 

News Views:

Harry Cain's Attack On Security
Program Confuse: Public Opinion

By DAVID KENDIG

The New York Times this week
featured an article on the Tenth
National Conference on Citizenship,
currently meeting in Washington.
Specifically, the article detailed the
remarks of Harry P. Gain, a mem-
ber of the Subversive Activities
Board. Cain delivered a blistering
attack on the current security pro-
gram, laying special emphasis on the
Attorney General's list of subver-
sive organizations, which he termed
“a blunderbuss of insecurity." It was
one of many such attacks he has
delivered of late, starting off with
the administration’s handling of
the Ladejlnsky case, and continuing
in full force for many months. This
is noteworthy, not for the speech
material, but because it illustrates
one of the most remarkable changes
in an individual's political thought
in some time.

Cain was elected to the Senate in
1946, where he soon achieved dis-
tinction of sorts. Time labeled him
one of the worst men in the Senate.
and hit out at Cain's hammy the-
atrics and wild filibusters, calling
them cheap; his motives, sordid. He
was proud of being the strongest
real estate lobbyist, at a time when
the public housing shortage was
acute. Cain explained the shortage
characteristically in a twelve hour
speech he delivered on the subject.
There was no problem, he said; the
people weren’t just distributed prop—
erly.

His voting record was rather pe-
culiar. He voted for the Marshall
Plan, although he said it frightened
him. One other time, during the
Macrthur controversy. he introduced
two consecutive resolutions. The first
called for the withdrawal of the

US. from the Pacific; the second,
for a declaration of all-out war on
China, both highly incompatible.

Cain, now repudiates his former
conservative stands. The New Re-
public and Nation, which hailed hlin
heretofore as “reactionary,” now
terms Harry P. Cain an outstanding
liberal.

State To Host
ICA Conference

State College‘s chapter of the
Inter-Collegiate Association has ap-
pointed Marilyn DeSanta '57 as oo-
ordinator of the group's annual con-
ference to be held in Albany early
in November.

Representatives are expected to
attend from all the State Teachers
Colleges. A preliminary planning
meeting will be held by the Board
of Directors of the Association next
month. Final dates or this meeting
and the November meeting will be
announced at a later date.

State College has also been chosen
to publish the ICA Newsletter, a
monthly review describing work cur-
rently being done by ICA. David
Kendlg ’57, is in charge of its pub-
lication,

Members of the local branch of
ICA are: Kendig, President; Joseph
Taggart '57, Vice-President; Jane
Anne Loman ‘56, Secretary; Joseph
Szarek, Public Relations Direc-
tor; Marilyn Leach, Marie Dettmer,
Sophomores, Beatrice Englehardt
‘56, Marie Carbone, Clyde Payne,
Marilyn DcSanta, Joseph Anderson,
Juniors.

Council Discusses Judicial Society
Resolution On Government Crisis

Student Council met for the first.
time Wednesday at 7:30 pm. in an
attempt to meet the present gov-
ernment crisis. Robert Betscha ‘50,
President of Student Association,
presented thc first items on the
agenda which included: tux curds.
rivalry, Homecoming Weekend, All-
Collcgc Reception and State Fair,
und then presented his resolution.

Homecoming Weekend was tcntu-
iivcly scheduled for October 21 and
22. The general chairman for the
weekend, Dominic DcCecco '57, was

Dean Revises I55'56
Gym Requirements

Oscar E. Lunford. Dean of tile
College, releases the following lllt‘illl-
orundum to the faculty and students
concerning physical education rc-
quircments for this term.

Due to innitutloils of stuff and
facilities. the physical education
requirement for the year 1955-56
will be us follows:

i. All freshmen will complete t\vo
semesters of physical education.

2. All Sophomores will complete
two semesters of physical cducu-
tioii, cxcepl. those who have u grade
of  or higher, in physical educa—
tion for the spring semester of 1055.

3. Those Sophomores who coin-
plctcd i.\vo semesters of physical ed-
ucation us freshmen lust year out!
who rcccivcd u grade of "B" or "A"
for the second semester huvc ful-
filled the requirement.

For the Class of 1057, the physicul
cducution rcuulrcincut is as follows;
it total of It scmcstcrs satisfactorily
completed or two semesters with n
grudc of "ii" or better, in the second
semester.

For the Cluss of iiifiil. illi‘ require—
ment is: four semesters sullsfucior—
ily completed or two semesters with
u. grade of "ii" or better, in the sec—
olitl sclilcsii'i'.

 

Gerald Drug Go.

21'! Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.
Phone 0-8010

 

allotted $220.

At 8:30 u.m. Betscha proposed his
resolution for a representative gov-
ernment (which is printed on page
1 of this issue! to meet the new
government. crisis. Last night Mys-
kuniu :ipproVi-d Betschu‘s resolution
which is an attempt to meet the
luck of a meeting place for the
present town hall type government.
Page Hail. the former mccting
place for Student Association. will
be under construction froln October
1 to January 1. Joseph Anderson
and David Kciidig. Juniors. opposed
the resolution and offered the ulter-
nutc proposul that. special assem-
blies be called in the Brnbuchcr
game room or another suitable
place.

After the resolution had been an-
ulyzcd by Council, Kcndig proposed
u secondary resolution which wus
approved by Council und will be
presented to SA. if the first reso-
lution is passed. This sccondury
resolution demands a meeting of the
entire Student Association for u
constitutionul change.

 

 

(‘orncr ()omi'io & licnsou

l)l/\|, -i-IIJS

FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

(u/lclcc Nor/ll /or i't'dri

Green Gremlins Bombard Frosh Camp;
Freezing Temperatures Enliven Spirits

Draper was not receiving bundles from Britain last
Friday but a new crop of fresh women on their ﬁrst
trek into the wilderness, better known as Camp Van
Srhoonhoven, the site of the females’ hideaway for
the weekend. The pile of dufﬂe bags, blanket rolls and
suitcases might well have indicated that over two
hundred young women had decided to leave home
en masse.

Seven musical bus loads got under way early in the
afternoon. The confusion at Draper continued later
at camp when everyone tried to find her belongings
and the cabin to put them in .When the dust settled
the first thing tested by all was the lake down the
mountain. Some of the counselors tested it by various
means—not voluntary. They were either dunked or
missed their footing while trying to brush their teeth
early in the am. After supper in the chill of twilight
two hearty faculty members took the plunge on a dare
and were none the worse for the venture.

Sub-zero temperatures at night brought a run on
the blanket supply. Short-sheeted beds were only a
part of the bedtime routine. Of course, the most
bothersome part of the schedule was the little bugle
that chorused “You gotta get up” at seven in the
morning.

Friday night the counselors entertained: and the
frosh took over Saturday night exhibiting lots of
potential. A real Indian performed some traditional
dances for the campers to keep them from going on
the warpath and scalp-hunting.

Such fun! The fellows who attended Frosh Camp
last weekend surely know what the word "fun" means
in its fullest signiﬁcance. It all started last Friday
afternoon as song-ﬁlled buses traveled to Warner's
Lake and Camps Orinsekwa-Sonnikwa. After we got
half way settled. a, maddening scavenger hunt was
annonuced. Ohi—by the way, whoever found the
article on the old rusty nail?

A “Go! Go! Go!" faculty-frosh softball game was
sparked Saturday, with Prof Olson on the mound. As
tradition rules, the Green Gremlins bowed, the score
being 5-4. “Hoot"—our ump—got the raspberries at
times from the underdog frosh because of his calls.
but maybe he'll make the Dean's list next semester
to compensate. (No hard feelings, “Hoot.") Coach
Hathaway placed a grand slam into right field, and
a homer was in the ofﬁng, but it seems that second
base was a little lnobvious; it involved a little looking.

Acquaintances were rapidly made as everybody
eagerly put himself into preparations for the skits
on Saturday evening. They really went over with a
bang. And, of course, some of the faculty were around
to judge, thus making the competitnon that much
stiffer.

The hours of sleep were few and far between, but.
after all—there's only one Frosh Camp! Nobody
dropped off to dreamland before at least one am.
in our cabin on Friday night; on Saturday night (I
should say morning), it was even later!

All told, it was truly the most

UN Collegiate Council Delegate thrilling. run-packed "tandem:-

that we've all had in a long time.

 

Reports On Summer Conference mooning was tops—everything

 

By MARCIA

I represented the Forum Board of
Politics of Albany State at the Tenth
Annual Intercollegiate Leadership
Institute on the United Nations,
held at Finch College. New York
City, June 12 to 18. Together with
sixty other students from all sec-
tions of the United States, many of
whom were foreign students, we
entered an intensified study of the
workings of this international or-
ganization and attempted to create
a national and local policy for the
Collegiate Council for the United
Nations for the coming year.

The week was divided into three
major groupings: tours of the UN.
buildings. lectures, and committee
work. At the UN. buildings we were
greeted by members of the Secre-
tariat and then briefed on the work-
ings of the Trusteeship Council and
on the UN. policy of Technical As—
slstnlice,

We visited the Yugoslavian and
Indonesian (lclcguilolls. The former
avoided the pertinent questions
about Yugoslavian-UN. relations
and stressed the physical problems
of his country and the difference
bctwccn Yugoslavian Socialism and
Russian Communism.

The Honorable Peter Rusboihum
of the United Kingdom gave it bril—
liant interpretation of Britain's
U.N. policy. He interpreted the col-
onlul policy of the UN. to lead lion-
self governing countries to inde-
pendence and this to be left to
those concerned and UN. interven—
tion is a violation of the charter.

 

—Frosh—

.\l;\l\'l:‘. YOUR

BAR

l/lt'

SNACK BAR

 

 

CENTRAL

7 (WIN liVliliY

 

(,‘/.()'/‘//l-.‘.\‘ Illi’lla‘li’s‘ _. .\I()I.I)I.\'(.‘ //()()I\'.\‘
Milt illil.|.l{'l‘lN iioAitns

l..-I.\Il’.\‘

VARIETY

.ll.l L‘cntrul .\\'cnuc —v—— Below Quail Strcct

Nlilll'l‘ "I‘ll. ‘) -—~—

 

LAWRENCE

Ambassador Lail of India antag-
onized the student group by stress-
ing a policy which reflected Russian
policy and differed from collegiate
opinions. Other speakers during the
week included Eleanor Roosevelt
and Dr. Frank Grahm.

During the week we spent several
hours in committees formulating
resolutions on pertinent political,
economic and social world problems
which will serve as a guide for the
policy of the Collegiate Council for
the United Nations this year. State,
as a member of the C.C.U.N., is af-
filiated with 325 member groups on
college campuses throughout the
United States whose purpose is to
promote a fuller understanding of
the UN. and of world affairs.

from the Chinese Auction (which
wasn't oriental) to the freezing sev-
en o’clock a.m. polar bear dip. The
scratched knees and chilly nights
were also quite memorable. Most of
the tired gang of one-hundred-flfty-
six fellows made it back to State.
Sunday, about 3:00, leaving, as luck
would have it, thirty-nine of us
waiting for a long lost bus which
broke down a half-dozen times en
route to the camp. Well, any way,
we made it in time for the Junior
Guide Dance, even though we did
miss the SUB Buffet Supper.

Frosh Camp ’55—the ideal way
to begin an eventful frosh year!

 

qwva 

touch wiih your dolly

lo Inukc siirc she gets

 

 

llMary Lou, next time tell your
young man to use the ielephonei"

You can use all sorts of gimmicks lo kccp in

signals, guided skyrockcis, two tin cans with u
long string licth-cn ilicin. llowc‘.’cr, if you wont

cooing on llli‘ iclcphonc! And Long Distance
doesn‘t wullop your wallet. cilhcr. You get Iiur-
guin liuics nighis after (i :iiid :my time Sundays.
So before she sinris longing for some close-by
clown. coll licr Long Distance and bring licr
ncor . . . hcur'.’ Ncw York 'I‘clcplionc (‘o.

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

curricr pigeons. smoke

your message, do your

 

 

:

 

