PAGE 2

One Above A"?

Wednesday evening Debate Council presented a res-
olution to Student Council stating that “two Thursday
nights a month . . . be reserved on the social calendar for
the year 1955-1956 for the meeting of religious organiza-
tions on this campus and no other groups.” Passage of this
resolution would prevent all other organizations from
meeting on alternate Thursday nights.

This would be very unfair to such organizations as
Debate Council, Kappa Phi Kappa, Inter-Collegiate Asso-
ciation, Press Bureau, New Types of Government Com-
mittee, and other such organizations who now meet on
Thursday evenings because their members are involved in
Myskania or Student Council which meet on Tuesday and
Wednesday nights respectively.

The religious clubs, not under the budget of Student
Association, have no right whatsoever to ask for exclusive
rights to meet Thursday nights—allowing no other groups
to meet then. In answer to their argument that religious
clubs are very important and need a time to meet when
everybody can attend, we offer the evidence that all groups
on campus have to compete with others on their particular
night of meeting and that students have to make their own
decisions as to which meeting they attend. Religious clubs
have no right to take precedence over all other groups.

If religious clubs can request exclusive use of one
night a week, then technically any other group on campus
could request that a certain night be left free for their
group and only theirs to meet. After five or six of such de—
mands, there would be no time left in the week for the
other twenty-five organizations on campus.

The organizations meeting on Thursday nights at the
present time obviously can find no other time. Most of
these organizations are a vital part of the school and could
not be done without—they have important business to
trantsact and should not be deprived of their privilege to
mee .

Debate Council, who argued So strongly last year for
the freedom of speech, is completely reversing itself by re-
fusing to recognize the freedom of assemblage. Religious
clubs aren’t any different from other groups who have to
compete for membership and attendance. We don’t care
what night of the week they designate as their meeting
time, but they do not have the right to demand that other
clubs not meet on that particular night.

Room For One More?

The meeting of Student Council Wednesday evening
was very well attended and we witnessed some very lively
debate. More and more people are exhibiting an interest
in student government by showing up at these legislative
meetings and participating in discussion.

Many people were standing, or did not venture to
enter, due to the lack of room. In order to accommodate
this growing audience, we would suggest a larger room for
this weekly meeting—one with more breathing space and
one which will hold a larger number of chairs. Instead of
pushing these people away, we would like to see them en-
couraged to attend. Also, the students who were there had
a hard time trying to peer through the smoke.

As an onlooker at the meeting, we couldn’t help but
notice the absence of discussion from a few members of
Council. They were elected to represent their classes and
to voice their opinions in all matters relating to Student
Association. Having been elected they must have some
good ideas, so why not voice them? We would like to see
all of Council participating as actively in the discussion
as most members are now.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF IBIB

 

First eiiicé'csea
vor. xxxx

Second Place ACP
September 30, 1955 No. 15

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from 7 to
11 p in. MI. 2-3326. Exi ll Phones (.‘ocliriinc, 3-7030. H\\'li'l‘l.(i\\‘hkl, L'dl'l-I‘i. (ioldstciii,
2-2012, Kendlg, 5701121

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers:
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student
Association.

AILBEN COOIIBANI - - - - - - - - -
ES’l‘llElt GOLDHTEIN -
DAVID KENDIG - v - - - -
ltl’l'A LAMBOGIJA - - - - ~ - — (lu-"IIhillt‘hiiw‘ilVlfl‘llNth I'iilltor
MARY ANN HG"lll'l‘TllAUltElt - - (in-lilislness-Advertising Editor
JOYCE MEYEIUIAN v - - - - - - Circulation Editor

Idltor-in-Chlel
Go Public. "t‘lilillllln Editor
(:o- l'uiiiii: ltelatlons Editor

MARCIA LAWIINOI - - - - - - - - Aaaoeiate Editor
IA'I'I‘IIIW OCTOYIOE - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
IIOBAID BAUBI - - - '- - - - - - Associate Editor
JOSIPII SWIEBZOWOKI - - ‘- - - - - - -- Sports Editor
INHtO'l'llY ltAn’MlYi-irllvm - . - u - Senior Sports Editor
JOHN INAPI' - - - - - - - - - stall Photolrapher

All communications should be addressed to the editor ItiiiI must be signed. Nitiiieli
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for
opinions expressed in its columns or coniiiiunioatlonn, iii! suoli expressions do not
necessarily reflect Its views.

 

.4.» a l
who 1 h

 

 

I KWKW

This promises to be an interest-
ing weekend at the cinema for those
of us who like the dark. Of course,
those troubled with night blindness
might find it a little troublesome
but that can easily be taken care of.
How? Oh, you silly people!

Italian Movies at Ritz

The Italians have done it again
with a double header at the Ritz.
When Gina and Silvana get to-
gether who knows what thrills are
in store. Miss Lollobriglda will speak
in English for the first time as
“The Wayward Wife.” Second on
the bill is Silvana Mangano in
“Outlaw Girl." It must be a west-
ern Italian movie.

Strand Offers Mystery

Bogle’s gal Lauren finds herself
trying to escape from the Orient
with big boy John Wayne down
“Blood Alley." It must be along col-
orful alley; it is in color and Cine—
mascope. Also at the Strand is “The
Big Bluff" with John Bromfield and
Martha Vickers.

Palace Shows Love Thriller

The dimple chinned Stewart
Granger will appear opposite his
wife, Jean Simmons, in a love thrill-
er at the Palace, It is called “Foot—
steps ln the Fog"; and it wasn‘t
even filmed in Albany either. The
second feature, "The Night Holds
Tearror”, sounds like a real hoody
jo .

Stewart Playing at Mohawk

James Stewart is riding the range
in “The Man From Laramie" at the
Mohawk Drive-In. He must be tired
as he has to ride over to three other
drive-ins in the course of the eve-
ning. He's also riding herd in a
used car lot in his spare time.

Musical at Madison

The Madison Theatre, just around
the corner from the dorms will
show “There's No Business Like
Show Business." Music and dancing
will be rendered by Ethel Mei‘miin,
Donald O’Connor, Marilyn Monroe,
Dan Dolley and others. It's a short
walk and a good Show.

Grand Shows Wild West

Attention Wild West enthusiasts!
The Grand is currently showing illl
interesting work entitled "Apache
Woman." Look for a sufli'ugcttc in
feathers! The stars are. Joan Taylor,
who, I assume is tiic Apache Wom-
an, and Lloyd Bridges, who prob-
ably wins her heart.

DcMillc Adventure at Leland

"Rein the Wild Wind" is playing
at the Leland. John Wayne illlfl Su-
san Hayward, two old film favorites,
combine talents with Cecil B. De-
Millc himself. It should be big!

Alec Guineas at Delaware

Ever see Alec Giihicss in tcchiil-
color? Let me just say that color
ages lilm soincwliiit, Otherwise, “To
Paris With Love," AIcc's liitcst film,
should prove llgiit-liciiricd enter-
tiiinincnt for H” Gullich fans. It‘s
down at the Delaware.

 

u

    

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 30. 1955

amnion-States

By TINAPP and DEVINE

   

“ ’Tis a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
signifying nothing.”

QUO VADEMUS?
' ' ich have been handed
” ' 1 us at State College are practices wh
downTyzgl't by year, the reenacting of which should add something to
one's own veneration towards the college as well as group college spli it.
—October 13, 1933 edition of the State College News

this is as true in 1955 as it was in 1933, and Will be in 1984.
HowgilieillOll, the student body, seem to be losing sight of ‘tjilis fatct.
We are not advocates of a “Big Brother’ watching ovei tlhe iegtmen 21—.
tion of my college, but tradition adds an intangible riclinelss (3 your.
college life. Unfortunately this has been steadily decieas ng uiing
the past four years. You have allowed:

1. The condensation of Rivalry from a year to a mere two months.

2. The abolishment of Big. Fours.

. Standardization of beanies. ‘ ‘

Z. Elimination of the ﬁght song as a freshman requliem‘ent.” .
5. A revision of frosh customs which allows them to cut campus

and precede upperclassmen through doors.

- ' ‘ tradition it also

RESOLVED: That eveiy time state College loses a. ', ‘

loses something in the way of spirit, of unity, and of pride. Othei 'schools

far younger in years than State. are more inextricablystecped in such

Observances. And yet we, who will someday be the di‘ivmg force behind

this country's youth, are every day letting these ideals slip farther and
farther away. We repeat: “Quo vademiis?’

« : 'iiig back the class beanie! We believe that the ulti-
iiiiitggiaclxb‘f/Eélvaﬁly and all other extra—curricular activities is. to create
a bond of college spirit. However, before you can achieve a unity of 
four classes as a whole, you must achieve a unity of the four classes
individually! Therefore. WE DEMAND A RETURN TO BEANIES BEAR-
ING CLASS COLORS!

UNPRECEDENTED . . .

The word is out that Miss Pcltz‘s “Romantic Poets" course was the
only 200 literature course which had to be closed because oi overcrowd-
ing. What is the fatal fascination? Sex appeal or Byron}?

EMPHA’I‘IC EMENI)A'I‘ION . . .

Because of our extensive journalistic influence, we have been con-
tacted by it shady character known as a “fence” who has offered us it
generous rate for the contents of the Lost and Found box. In'order to
save us from ll life of crime (excluding this coluinni please claim some-
thing. Juiic seems to be bustln' out all over in lower Draper. First
chance goes to the rightful owners so if you've lost somethin, be there!
It's open Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 10:50 and Tuesday and
Thursday at 11:50. Don‘t say we didn‘t warn you . . .

LOVELY . . .

If any lost souls still haven't procured a copy of the Frosh Handbook.
they can get one from Sheila Lister. All they have to do is appear at
the 0111 Sig House in a puff of smoke and bow to the cast three times.

LUCK BILL!!!

We hear "The Rock" is having trouble getting to classes this week.
Better just stick to ping—pong.
lNS'l‘AliltA’l‘ION AT LAST . . .

Rcriic wasn‘t biillt in ii day, but liiid it proceeded at the slime rutc
us the current Page Hiill renovation, it probably still wouldn‘t be finished.
it's great to see the reconstruction iiiiiiliy on the way. Be patient. The
South will rise again!

BE THERE . . .

Do you want a free dinner? Are you busy Sunday at five? Do you
know where St. John's Lutheran Church, 100 Central Avenue, is’.‘ All
those interested in starting ii State College Lutheran group which will be
expanded to include the other surrounding colleges, should attend.

MEMO ()I" THE MONTH . . .

Fliink out curly: avoid tiic vnciition rush.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

l-‘ltlllAi’, SEPTEMBER 30

8:00 pm. Pi'csldcnt‘s Reception, lll’lllhii'llf'l‘ I.H\\’i‘i‘
Lounge,

9 HA'I‘l'ltILH’, ()("l‘tlllElt l

‘ il'00 illll. I)l|‘i'l'l()l'_V Slilll iiicciing, lii'iibiiciici'.

ii 00 pm. l"i'csliiiiiin "liciiiilc Bull," lhiiiiii: WM“-
lli'iibiiciici‘.

Hl'NllAY. ()("l‘UllElt 2

2:30 pm. Canterbury (tliib l’iciiie, ’l‘Iiziclici' Park.

3:00 pm. Christian Science llecepiion.

7'30 p.iii. Hillel Iiwcptioii.

MONDAY. ()("l‘iillElt 3

0:00 in“. State (‘olieiic News and l’edaiiiognc llcccp—
tion, Publications (illicc. Uppci' lioiIlIH‘V
Iii'iiliiiclici'.

'l‘l'ESIHi’, ()("l‘iiltl-ilt -i

1000 ii iii Hopiioiiioi'i- (.‘liiss Mi'clliiii.

Hciiloi' (lions Mcciliig.

lllhli'llililH’l' Iddiiciiiioii UlllIi Mi'i'llilil. Hm.

l-i7.

Sludciii iloiird of l"lliilll('l‘ inccliiii: oi :iII

Il'i'iih‘lll‘i‘l'h oi (ll‘illIIIIY-iilliilln llIltll‘l' tiiI'

Iiiiilgci, I)I':ipci' Ii(ll.

\‘i’l-lllNl'ZSIIAY, ()("l‘iililili 5

Still) pin. (.‘(iiiilllilli'l‘ﬁ' ('Iiii, Rocepton loi' li'i'h‘lillll'li,
Upper Lounge, lli'iibm-liir.

ii 00 pin. SMILES Mei-ling.

’l‘lil'lib‘liAl’. ()("l‘OliEli 0

’i'ili! pm. IIIIi‘l‘IliiIliiIliil l"III.‘ii (ii'oiiii, "(lliiii'lie Willi”

ii (if) prii

 

Romans

 

“This Is no line. l'in just talking with my friend."

'in i“csl.iyiii," Draper (Mil
iVCl" Mceling, lii'ubiu-iii l'
Ncwniiin Club Meeting, Nf‘Wlllliil llliIl.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. 1055

 

Campus Chest Christen: Campaign
To Send Drive Down Gangplenlc

By MATT 0STOYICII

Now hear this! Now hear this!
The Campus Chest-sponsored “USS
Goodwill" will dock in the Com-
mons on Friday, October '7. The
gangplank will be lowered each day
for a week at twelve bells. First
mate Barbara Hungerford will pre-
side at a Chinese Auction. The SO-
rority, fraternity, or residence hall
which leaves the biggest amount of
loot in the ship's hold will have
students to serve meals in their moss
halls.

The ship's ndmlrals, Patricia Hall
and Betty Van Viack, Juniors, urge
that each group house make reser-
vations on the passenger list by

Dean Specifies
Attendance Rules

The following memorandum from
the Office of Oscar E. Lanford, Dean
of the College. concerns the policy
of the college regarding attendance:

1. Faculty members will report each
Friday all absences. for that week,
of freshmen, new transfer students.
students on probation, and veterans.

(Freshmen, ncw transfer students ,

and students on probation are al-
lowcd no unexcused absences. Vet-

criins‘ Adiiilnistriition regulations!

require coiiiplctc weekly records re-
garding attendance of veterans.)

2. Normally faculty members will
not report absences of students who
ill'C on the Dcun‘s List, as these stu-
dents iirc exempt from the attend-

having 100"» contributions. Ensign
Barbara Davis is in charge of fac-
ulty solicitations. The dorms will be
visited by a group of sailors under
the direction of Ensign Bruno Rog-
ers. Committee solicitors will be
supervised by Ensign Marian
Stearns.

The ship will move to the Port of
Brubacher on October 15. A dance
will be held in the main dining
room commencing at nine bells in
the evening. Admission will be 35
cents for the gob while a swabbie
and his gal will be admitted for ’70
cents.

All capital which is found in the
ship’s hold wii be turned over to
Campus Chest which will administer
these funds to needy groups on for-
eign collegiate campuses.

 

A Bumper Crop

State is soon to assume a new
title. All references to the col-
lege shall no longer be to New
York State College for Teach-
ers but as New York Sardine
Cannery on Western Avenue.

Many sections are so large
that Commuters’ Club could
clean up on new memberships
with all the classes moving.
Why are all these classes on the
run? Because not all the class-
rooms are quite as large as
Draper 349.

Brubacher is also bursting at
the rims with meetings. Wed-
nesday, D&A found that the
NEWS, as it always does that
evening, was usini,r the room
they wanted to use. They were
more fortunate than others and
only had to contend with some
1,500 PED'S in a ﬁle room.

 

College Purchases New Dorm

For Freshmen —

   

iincc regulations to which the other  i"

students are subject.

However, there may be special ,

circumstances regarding the work,
or attendance. of a given Dean's
List student which the faculty mem-
ber may feel should be reported to
the Ofﬁce.

3. Absences of uppcrclussnien, not
in one of the preceding categories,
will be reported when, in the opin-
ion of the instructor, thcsc absences
have become excessive.

4. All students except those, on
the Dean‘s List and graduate stu-
dents with an average of 3.5 for the
preceding semester, are required to
attend their classes scheduled for
the 24-hour period immediately pre-
ceding", and following, it college
holldiiy. '

5. Total number of absences of
every student. will be reported on
the grade sheets at the end of the.
scincstci'.

Peterson Announces
Statesmen Members

Kiii'l A. B. Peterson, Associate
Professor of Music, announces the
members of tlic Stiitesnicn. In the
lii‘si. tenor section are Roger llunt
Illl(l Edward Jones, Sophomores;
Hohci't Stimson illi(I “Ollillil Whit-
lock, Juniors. Second tenors iii‘c
Williiiin Silviigc. Dominic DcCccco,
lticiiiii'd ltlrhzii-iicr. Juniors, and
Philip Burtcl  l'liil‘lilw Cusliiiiiiii
‘50, Robert Murphy ‘fiii, Donald llut—
lci' iiiid Jiiiiics Locklnii‘tc, Juniors,
will coiiipi'ise tlic bairilonc division.

The bosses include Pcici‘ Booke
'57, and Hilllllilllltil'l'S ltobci't liosoin—
woi'iii, Hartley l,.iil)uke, illl(I Alfon-
so l.iil":iicc. (ii-oi'gc liunbiir ‘55 Ih‘
:u-coiiipiiiiisl for the group.

’I‘iici'c iil'i‘ openings for students
iii the oi'ciicsli'ii :iiid Woiiicii‘s (‘lio—
i'iis. Aiiyoiic iiiici'cstcd iiiziy coiiiiicl.
(Ilini'lcs I“, Stokes, I‘i'oicssoi' oi Mil—
:-.ic, iil‘ Mr. Peterson.

 

LOST (Station 3)

I Illiick and lied Reversible
.IA(‘KE'I‘
I’Icnw Itciiil'ii lo
.Il'lillll’ Iii\Nl"ll-ll.l) 'I'iii
IIlIllop House 75-07” — licwui'd

Come lo the

"___________________._._.__-_..._——-——-—~=

'1?) [Lime III/crested 111 good cull/1g:

i3 .

Madison House, located at 727
Madison Avenue, is the new addi—
tion to Stiiic College's expanding
(ioi’iiiltoi'y facilities Opened for the
lll'SL time this semester, the house
holds l\\'i‘lll,V-SIX girls. mostly i'i'csii—
ineii.

Tilf‘ iiiinicdliitc ill'i'il of this new
residence includes Newman Hall at
741 Madison and North and South
Lake lloiiscs on South Luke Sti'cct.

SMILES Convasses
For Student Leaders

Smiles will Iiold :i incciliig Wed-
ncsduy iii, ii p.iii., announces Mary
Knight '57.

This cinnpiis oi'giiiiiziilloii which
works with community groups in
the area is starting :i emits pro-
gi‘uiii iii. llll‘ Albany “01110 for Chil-
dren this Week. The Home requests
Stutt- students for tutoring (Il'llllh.
Juniors and Seniors are asked to
sign up with .loiiii Miiioii '58.

Lenders ill't‘ also iiccdcd for the
Clinton Sqiiiii‘c Neighborhood l'lilllnt'
to direct singing, dancing iiiid giimc
groups, Miss Knight stresses lIiut
counpiiiiioiisiiip is one of the most
iiiiporiuiit needs of the children.
Those interested in Working ail.
Neighborhood House should sec
Joyce HIicIioii '50, All students are
asked to Viilllllli‘i'l‘ their time.

 

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave.,
Nciir Washington Ave.
2 BARBERS
We Aim To Please

 

SNACK BAR

 

Madison House

“j.

   

 

    

Student Council:

 

SC Elects All-State Day, State Fair

Chairmen; Sets Homecoming Date

By MARIE

CARBONE

Student Council had its second meeting Wednesday

at 7:30 pm.

in the Government Room at Brubacher.

President Robert Betscha presented the first items of the
agenda which included: Rivalry, Surplus Committee,
Constitution Committee, book exchange, assembly pro-

gram and publicity.

Ecclesiastics Lisf
Weeks Events

The religious groups on campus
have all scheduled activities for the
coming week. Two general meet-
ings and two receptions have been
planned. One group has arranged a
picnic.

Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will meet Thursday at 7:30 pm. in
Brubacher. According to Ann Kain-
mer ’56, President, the Rev. Artlund
of Scotia, N. Y., will speak on the
topic "God Has Nothing Against

Rev. Richard Dinecn, Chaplain of
Newman Club, will speak on “The
Purpose of Newman Club on Cain-
pus” at the Club meeting on Thurs-
day at 7:30 pm. in Newman Hall.
Bernice O'Connor '5'], President,
states that there will be a general
meeting after the address.

The Christian Science group will
hold a reception on Sunday at 3
pin. in Brubacher. according to
Phyllis Purshull ‘56, Presldeiit.

Hillel is planning ll frosh recep-
lioii Sunday at 7:30 pm. in the
Congregation Ohav Shalom on
Washington Avenue.

A picnic will be sponsored by the
Canterbury Club on Sunday at
Thacher Park. Joan Van Deusen
'57. President, asks that all those
interested me to sign up on the
bulletin board in lower Husth and
meet at 2:30 pm. in the upper
lounge in Brubacher on Soundiiy.

David Kendlg ’57, moved to rec-
mend to Class Board of Finance to
direct all classes to table financial
motions for one week unless this
is reversed by the Class Board of
Finance.

Jean Hageny ’56. reported that
Montclair College in New Jersey
had been tentatively selected for an
exchange program with out college.
Kendlg moved that Council approve
this school for a possible exchange.

Comicil also voted on Co-Chair-
men for All-State Day, as yet un-
scheduled on the calendar, and
elected Frank McEvoy and Mar-
garet Smith. Juniors. Chairman for
State Fair, to be held in February,
will be Marilyn DeSanta ’57.

Jane Whitehurst and Roberta
Stein, Seniors, resigned from the
All College Revue Committee be-
cause of off campus work. They will
hold office until next week when
Council will elect replacements.

Shelia Lister "57, explained that
the Post Office was responsible
for the delay in delivery of Fresh
Handbooks. To insure delivery to
prospective frosh at least two weeks
prior to Frosh Camp, Kendlg rec-
ommended that the handbooks
should be mailed in July.

Dominic DeCecco '57, Chairman
of Homecoming Weekend, an-
nounced that the date of this event
has been changed from October 22
to November 5, since President Col-
lins felt that a home soccer game
would attract more alumni. This
(lute will coincide with the Junior
Prom weekend so the schedule
promises to be a full and varied one.
(Continued on Page 6, Column U

 

 

PENS Shaeffer

% OFF FOR THIS SPECIAL SALE

ALL of these Special SALE PENS must go. . . .

CALLING ALL GIRLS

NYLON STOCKINGS ON SALE FOR 1"

Buy One Pair Get Another Pair for One Cent

FOR MEN! the CO-OP

.\'( )\\' |l.\.\' .\ Sl'l’l’l.i' ()li‘NYLON _  _  .IJCVUHW

ll'/'/'// ./.\'1) l/'l'l'//()("l‘ l2'.\l/>’I.I'.'i\l.\'

 

Barnes & Noble'?fc.oiiEGE OUTLINE SERIES!

No Rciiii‘ns on Sillt‘ Merchandise

HAMPSHIRE

STATIONERY

the following Stationery
is now 11 (il\'l': - .\\V.-\Y
llciii —--r—- liiiy one get
one tree
Fine .Vlillioiii‘ry
I'llt/I'I'ilflllll
I’ili‘i'limi'u/
(ii‘i'y .lliii

 

 

 

 

 
 

