 

  

PAGE 6’

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 2. 1955

 

Students Deiineoie Differences

In Education Here And Abroad

By THOMAS SMITH and JOHN REINERS. Juniors

“Life is very different, so very
different here." In an interview
with two of our foreign students,
Elsa Gottlow from Sweden and An-
dree Wildi of Switzerland. at last
we found proof of the above state-
ment.

One of the main points of differ-
ences pointed out by these students
was the great amount of freedom
allowed to foreign students in
their own country. They may
or may not attend classes. When
they feel they are ready for
a test, they inform the instructor,

however, the tests are very intense.

There seems to be more of an em-

phasis on a specialization in a cer-
tain course, rather than in obtain-
ing a well-rounded education. By
this we want to emphasize that most
of the subjects such as music or
languages are pursued in what is

termed a "Gymnasium," which
would be roughly comparable to our
high school. The university student,
at the completion is supposed to
be well-rounded enough to allow him
to specialize when he reaches the
university.

A difference which stood out par-
ticularly was the attitude of the
teacher toward the student. In their

Honorary Initiates
Upperclassmen

Pi Omega Pi, the honorary Com-
merce fraternity, initiated its newly
elected members at a meeting Wed-
nesday night, states William Ship-
engrover '56, President of the Beta
Eta chapter at State.

The newly elected members are:
Mary Breslin, Lewis Carr, Richard
DeGroat, John Evans, Donald Ger-
main, Phyllis Krug. James Lock-
hart, Joan Lopat, Edna Rice, Sen-
iors.

Juniors elected to Pi Omega Pi
are: Hugh Brown. J11. Barbara Du-
mont, Herbert Felski, Marilyn
Firth, John Gauquie, Margaret Ann
Kinsler, Mary Forman Inman, Nan-
cy Louprette, Beverly McIntyre.
Mary Meiser, Thomas Nicholas, Bet-
tye Sigety. Doris Sterzinar, Everett
Weiermiller. and Nancy Whiteneck.

The new initiates were accepted
on the following qualifications.
They must first have the intention
of being a Commerce teacher and
have an interest in business. A‘ad-
emically, candidates must have com-
pleted 15 hours in Commerce. and 6
hours in Education. Their scholastic
average may consist of either of
these combinations: 3.0 in all Com-
merce and Education courses and a
2.0 in all college subjects as a group
or a 2.75 in Commerce and Educi -
tion and a 2.5 in all college courses
as a whole. The name of each can-
didate filling these qualifications is
then submitted to the members of
the fraternity. A student receiving
a three-fourths majority vote of
the members receives a bid to the
honorary fraternal organization.

Religious Clubs Slate
Dinner, Party, Speech

The religious organizations on
campus are planning activities for
the week including a spaghetti stip-
per. a Chanukah party, and a talk
on teaching opportunities in the
missionary field.

Sunday. Canterbury Club will hold
a spaghetti dinner at St. Andrew's
church at 7:30 pm. Following the
dinner a Christmas movie will be
shown, states Joan Vim Duscn ‘57.
President.

A Chanukah party sponsored by
Hillel will also hike place Sunday
at the Ohav Sholoin Synagogue, at
6:30 [Ml]... announces Norman Arn-
old '57. President. There will be
dancing and the traditional food.
potato latkes, will be served.

According to President Ann Kitin-
mar '56. the Inter-Varsity Chris-
tian Fellowship meeting at 7:30 pm.
in Brubacher on Thursday will leat-
ure ii speech by Roy Shaffer, n stu-
dent at Albany Medical School, who
has Will‘kl‘d with missioiuirics in
Kenya. Africa. Shiilicr will speak
on "'I‘euching ut the World's Cross-
i'oiids.” His topic will deal with

teaching opportunities in the nus—
sioniiry field and W1” bc supplc-
mented by slides.

country most of the profs were un-
known to the students and there
is no attempt to make the student
part of the university. Everything
seems to be on an intellectual basis.
There is nothing like fraternities or
sororities, but in Switzerland there
are little social gatherings in which
certain intellectual discussions are
carried on.

Another cultural difference was
the fact that European girls married
at a much later age.

Both students were very much im-
pressed with the fact that Ameri-
cans weren't so brash as they have
been pictured by some Europeans.
In most cases Americans placed
more of an emphasis on religion
than do the people of Sweden or
Switzerland. When they return to
their respective countries, they will
be given certain tests on what they
have learned here. We hope when

6601,1444 Queen 14ml all“ ecu/d Mail) Students

 

Campus Queen, Theresa Barber, reigns over her court which includes

Form Honorary

An organizational meeting, com-
bining business with sociability, for
a new honorary mathematics frat-
ernity will be held in Brubacher on
Tuesday evening, December 13.

In a few days several Juniors and
Seniors will be honored by receiv-
ing letters inviting them to become
charter members of this new honor-
ary mathematics fraternity being
formed at State College. students
to receive invitations are those who
have completed mathematics courses
through Ma. 27, who have a general
scholastic average of at least 2.5,
and who have an average in their
mathematics courses of at least 3.00.

After the fraternity has been in
existence for a year, it will then
be possible to petition to become
a chapter of Kappa Mu Epsilon, a
national honorary mathematics
fraternity.

The initial planning committee is
composed of Violet Larney, Associ-
ate Professor of Mathematics; Rob-

they return. that their impressions ('ﬂl'Ole Wyatt and Barbara Douglas. Seniors; Phyllis Roberts and Bar- ert Luippold, Assistant Professor of
formed here at State will be favor- bara Duhrey. Juniors; Florinc Skutnik and Barbara Stetkar, Sophomores; MathematiCS; John Wilcox and

able, and better reflect the typical
American citizen.

(‘ol'innc Marco and Sheila Gcrig'. freshmen.

Janet Burt, Seniors; and Morton
 and Elizabeth Steifeld. Juniors.

 

 

 

llllol " l MVII) lOBAEC

noel" I Mllus IoBAi‘to to

: [ iTA Mniu Tncm o.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sixteen Groups To Vie
For Cup At SCA Sing

  

 

This Sunday, December ll, will
find sixteen organizations vieing for
a coveted cup to be offered to the
winner of the fifth annual Student
Christian Association Christmas
Sing Festival. Doris Vradenburg ’57,
Vice-President of SCA, announces
that the program, with Peter Booke
'57, President of SCA, as Master of
Ceremonies, will commence at 7 pm.
in Page Hall. Each organization has
two selections prepared for the eve-
ning. Each group will sing one
ning. Each group will sing one piece;
the three most qualiﬁed will have
the prerogative to sing their second
songs. With hopeful expectation
each group has two selections
planned.

Commuters' Club, under the dir-
ection of Donald Howard ‘56, will
present "Jcsu Batnbino." and “Ad-
cste Fidcles." Shirley Canavan ’57,
will lead Beta Zeta in "Little Boy
Baby," and “When Santa Claus Gets
Your Letter." Sigma Lambda Sigma
will sing "The Christ of the Snow,"
and "The Carol of the Bells,“ under
the baton of Robert Stimson '57.
“What Child Is This." nnl “As it
Foil Upon a Night" are the sclcc-
tions to be sung by Kappa Delta,
under Jean Hngcny  Rosemarie
Sepe '59, will l'ud “Silver Bells"
and "O Holy Night" for Newman
Hall. Potter Cltib, directed by Hor-
ace Crandell ‘57. will include "March
of the Three Kings" and "Christ-
mas Song“ in their agenda. Bru-
bacher Hall will present “Sleigh
Ride" and "Jingle Bells," with Sally
Harter conducting. Judy Ambros-
ino '58, will lciid Psi Gamma. who
plan “The Little Jesus“ and “The
Birthday of a King."

Chi Sigma Theta will sing 'Birth-
din of a King" and "What Child
Is This,” under Bci'nicc O‘Connor
'57. The Veterans slutc "O ComI
All Ye Faithful" and "0 Little Town
of Bethlehem," with Alan Stephen-

lP—l

son conducting. Puulzi Sec-.il or. will

Reduced Train
Tickets Available

Tickets at reduced i'utcs for the
Vii ration Train to Ncw York City
are now on snlc in lowcr Hustcd.
announces Patricia Hull ‘57. Chan'-
miin of Vacation Trains. Tickcls
are priced ill $7.70.

The Vacation Train is the :34
pm. Mohuwk to New York City.
Dcccinbi'i‘ iii. ’l‘hursduy is the hot
day that you may purclnm- u iickci.
Anyonc who wishes to iilllillll llll.\
i'cduccd rutc should stop ul Ihc
booth or contact Miss I’lull ill l’ii-i'cc
Hull. Rcduccd l‘uli's on the Vacation
Train to Buffalo will be announced
at a future time.

lead Sigma Psi Sigma in “Ring the
Bells" and “The Christmas Song."
Thurlow Hall, under Martha Wolfc
‘58, will add Christmas cheer with
“A Virgin Unspotted," and "A
Christmas Song." Alan Weiner ‘56,
will conduct the Sayles Hall men n:
"The Night Before Christmas" ant.
“O Holy Night," Phi Delta will sing
“Carol of the Bells" and “Mary‘s
Little Son," with Nancy Schneider
'57, directing. “Rise Up Shepherds
and Follcr" and "Peace on Earth“
will be presented by Gamma Kappa
Phi, Linda Niles 56, leading the sing-
ing. The girls from Pierce Hall. Ma-
rion Keene ‘58, leading. have “Win-
tcr Wonderland" and “Jingle Bells"
scheduled.

Judges for this contest are Judson
Rand, Director of Music of St. Pet-
er‘s Choir, and Capital Hill Choral
Society; Edgar Curtis, Organist and
Choir Director at Madison Avenue
Presbyterian Church; and Francis
Bailey. Supervisor of Music at Al-
bully High School.

After MC Peter Bookc announces
thc two top placc winners of the
event, Frances L. Colby. Associate
Professor of English. will present
the trophy.

Any organization which claims thr
cup for three consecutive years will
keep the cup, Potter Club was tlic
vi: tor in last. year's sing.

The SCA Sing will be followed by
.1 Student Union Board Coffee Hour
at Brubnchcr Hall immediately after
the event. During the Coffee Hour.
the first and second place winncrs
will be requested to repent their
songs.

SUB Selects New
Board Member

At liisi Sunday's meeting of Stu-
dcnt Union Board elections wcrc
held to fill two vacancies. In thc
ln'si clcction Robert Rctis's '57. was
clcclcd to the boul‘ci to fill an open-
in}; in the Junior class. Sccondly
Sliciln Lister ‘57. was chosen to be
the new Vicc-Clniii't‘nnn.

Student Union Board. in conncc-
iion with the Christmas Sing. w'ili
rllilllslll' a coffee hour in Brubuchcr
nficr the Page l't‘i‘liill. Admission
is frcc, 'l‘hosc groups placing first
and sccond in the ship will be re-
qucslcd to give i'cndiiions iii this
llllli'. t‘o-(‘huii'incn for thc cvcnl
will be Robci't liens.» and Roscmury
Sunlicoln. Juniors. (‘ol‘l’cc nnd
t'iiiiklt‘s‘ \\'ill llt‘ si‘l'VUtI its l'i‘ll't'rll—
mcnls. in addition to thc organized
ciucrtuinincnl illt‘l'i‘ will be spon-
Iuncons singing oi i‘hi‘isiinus cui'oh
by the group.

Stole Ploy/s Host To Renowned
Vienna Choir In Page Program

Music (‘ouncil will lili':~i'lli ih.
Vii-min Choir lioys as ihcir lll'.\l ol
iwo iioicil l.llll.\li‘ili ])l'l'.\liililillli‘. oi'
:gi'iilllls ill lli‘ lll'illitilll iii Hl.ili' (W'l-
lcgc (luring ihc school \cui'. 'lhc
lil‘iiiil'illll ol llic (‘li or will lukc |illli'l‘
:ll ii iii) 'l'hursduy c\cnun', in l‘npc
.'\lllill\l|'llllll, unnounccx ll.ii'b;n.i
.\llll'l12illi' '.)li. l’l'l‘ﬂlll‘lll til Mush
Council.

:\illlll.\‘.\liill ll illi' l'i'i'llill ‘.\lll in
by Siiidcnl lax or by ii. kci. llll'
pi'icc ol which is $2

'l‘hc l'i‘llt'llill'i‘ oI ilic Lililllli will
includc. .i.~. wcll. u .lioii opcicliu

'l‘hc program will concludc in film
to allow for ihc ll‘dlillllilllll Ii'uiiiv
iiin i‘ul‘iillllll.

'l‘his pi'c:-ciil [out is llic lw‘clllh
iiinc llnii Vicnnai's KiillHlil School,
lounilcd by liupcriul ilt‘i‘l't‘i' ~lo'i your.»
ugo, hits scnl one of lln-n' groups to
North America under the manage-
inan of linprcssnrio S llui'ok. 'l‘hc

    

twenty two youii: lllt‘llllli‘l'h, l‘.lll;:~
ill". lll .ipc Ii'oin ciuht lo loui'lccn,
\\l|l lllll‘l‘ili' in scycuiy cities lll ilic
l' S and (‘illlilild ihi». Slulnlill,

'lln- Koiniki School has lhi‘cc
ch ii, in i an cuch yciii'. .\ i'oiniioii
‘\'li lll illll|\\"~ cyi-i'y choir boy ill the
ch-icl .lll oipoiiunny to Visit l‘lli'll
cuinii’y on llli‘ i‘hoii":. t‘.\il‘ll.\'l\'i‘
iiiucini'y .l‘. ic.i.-i oncc bcloi'c his
\ill;‘i‘i‘l1:lll.:i‘.\‘ ()iic lll'li oi [llt‘ group
is always Ill \"ll'llllil 1. pct lill‘lll sci'v-
li'l‘\ .il Hi Hii‘1llli‘ll\

()lll_\ icn pcr cciii oi lhc inunhci
oi .ipphcuiil» lo llns school. ill'i' llil-
iniiicd io liit' insinntion lll'llil't’ illi-
'lil-n'liili i.» onc oi the choirs, slur
(il'lli\ l'l‘i'i‘l\'i' l\\<i \i‘ill's lll ll'illlllllli

in [he pn.~l lwo scais'ons the (‘hon'
hux lii‘i'iilllt‘. known to u widcr uudi~
ciicc ihi'ouuh lllt'll' uppciii‘unccs in
"(‘inci'umu." on the l"iil'tl 1"illlllllll—
lions "Omnibus" on NliC-l‘V‘s
Christmas lslvc program lust year
and on recordings,

 

 

State Col 235‘
 News

   
   
   
    

We“,
ammo!"

[II/ml:

«"10

up
It's

W,
’11,,

i“

.1
£9

i‘“

E’r I
’0’4/rwlllll'"

  
  
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
 
      
 

     
     

 

 

2-460

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9, 1955

VOL. XL NO. 24

 

Legislature Will Decide Voting

Qn Camp;

The chrcScnlntive Assembly will dccidc iodin
whcii :1 Student Assotiation vote will be taken on the
College Camp issue. Two weeks wen. u motion was
passcd which would have had :1 SA vote on the
Wuii'cnsburg site today and Monday. In last week‘s
scssion. the delegates pusscd a motion to reconsider
ihi-;. An amendment was also passed which would
permit :1 votc to be taken on two days in January.
I.iick of iiinc curtailed discussion. and the issue will
probably be settled today. The motion with the
amendment. to be voch on today, reads as follows:
Voting on the Wuri‘ensbui‘g (‘nmp be by absentee
ballot on January 19 and 20.

The administration of the collcgc has put :1 down
payment on the Wurrcnsburg site for the student
body. 11‘ SA is still undecided as to whether or not
to buy the land by December 31. the site will prob-
ably no longer be available for purchase.

Discussion on three available campsi es began last
night in a special SA assembly at Brubacher. This
discussion will be continued today in Draper 349 and
:it another SA assembly Tuesday evening. These three
sites have been thoroughly investigated and the fol-
lowing tilllzl has been compiled by Bruce King '56.
Chairman of the Surplus Committee.

The first site l\ ncar Wiii'rcnsbin'g. approximately
80 llllli's from Albany. and is pi'iccd at $10,000. Dippi—
li‘l Pond. locuicd on this land, is pictured above. The
TC! acre site l’ciiturcs oiu' rillilll bcuver pond, the si'/.c
of which is about onc-huli' L'lllli‘ by thrcc—ciphts of a
mile. A natural hor~c—slioc shaped ridge surrounds
the pond. with the open cnd facing the Hudson
River. At present lhci‘c is one building on ilic hind.
:i l'ui'in billltlllltt. ’i‘hc sti'nctnrc could provide tcm—
pin'ui‘y shelter for small groups until olilt‘l' buildings
:ll'l‘ l'iHhilllt'it‘il, :\ dciiniic advantage l.\ that the
lukc is cinii‘cly within lilo proposed property lincs,
which would one the collcgc cxclush'c rights to the

College Theatre

Discusses New Sites

body of water. This proposed site is accessible to
winter sports regions.

The second available site is 65 miles from Albany.
in the region northwest of Gloversvllle. The quoted
price is $4.000 for approximately 1,000 acres of land.
Therx are three lakes partially included in the wooded
area. One cabin and one barn are the only structures
on the site. The chief body of water, Irving Pond,
has several other owners on its shore front. The
water level of the large lukc fluctuates at times from
10 to 1') feet because of thc opci'uilon of a power
dam on the southwest end of the lake. The only road
leading to the property is on another tract of land.
To reach the proposed site, one must either go around
the entire lukc, go by boat. or travel through a path-
lcss bri'sh area. The lwu buildings now standing
could provide temporary shelter for small groups.

Thc third site is located on Lake Champlain, south-
west. of Burlington, Vermont. This site. approximately
H‘J miles from Albany. is the most highly developed
area of the three. The price for the 15 acre tract is
$65,000. Natural features include :I wooded area on
it sand beach fronting on Lake Champlain. Buildings
include a sizeable recreation hall and dining hall with
cxccllcnt kitchen facilities. The dining hall accom-
modates 1‘35 pcoplc. The hall is pinc panelled with
:1 glass exterior. There are its cabins housing 75 peo-
pic. Ea -h cabin has it picture window and it private
bath. The physical plant also includcs ii sewage dis-
posal plant (septic tanks», hot and cold water, and
t'lccli'icity. Onc cabin is insulated for winter. Furni-
hire and cquipiucni is illcllldcd in the sale price.
'l‘hcrc arc ample facilities for boating, fishing, ath-
li‘llt‘s islnifflcboin'd. horseshocs. baseball. handball,
bndininton, croquet. ping pong. and golf on the ad—
joining property), and s'\\'iillilllll‘4 mind beachl. The
l)t'\'H Railroad runs from Albany to within 21 mile of
lhc cump. Ncui'by Will~boro has t‘lllll'.'ll(‘.\' and stores.

Tommy Tucker Troupe To Break

Distributes Tickets State College Blues Ai Winter/ode

’l'ickcis lill‘ :\lt'\llllth‘l' ()sii'ovsky
The Diary of a Scoundrel. :i Sizilc
t‘ollcgc 'l'hculi'c production. may bc
obtained on January -l through ii.

wcuihci'. ii‘cc/.iiig

li'I‘ ,ind snow. is

\t'inici'ludcs, 'l’hc

By Ali'l‘ PLOTNIK

\Vuh winlcr conics January 0. icy this year. and is ready to givc our
snow, and winin cvcni his top in'i‘loi'muncc.

Winicrludc, likc
:m ummul nifnir- imim illt‘ Shukci' Ridge Country

The dance. incidentally. will lll~

and 0 ihrough 13. The coincdy will l’nllkc icc and show, it is sponsored (mp. wing-p 1.. opt-n round on Tl‘ii\~
bc pi'csciucd ni 8'30 pin, .lilllllili) lb llll‘ lllli‘l"5i'l‘iil'll.\ illl‘l lllll‘l" Shaker Road. li will start when

ill and ii. in Pugc Hull

l-‘i'.i:crnuy Councils.
“115 “lilli‘l'v 'l‘i’lllllll' 'l'lll'lii'l‘ “ml hm. lllill is. and will finish whcn

ircshinain gnls usually linish. :ii it)

in order to l‘i'i‘i'Hi‘ luloi. ~lll- his oi'clzcsiru will provide the incl— [Iph‘hnlgin mon usually start illicit

ili‘lil\ must bring lln'n' ’~llllll'|li lil\
wilds, .~\ll snails will llt‘ l't'sl'l'tcil 'l'o

l‘llillllt‘ \illtll‘lli,\ to tth llli' lit'sl win

ll‘i‘lliill of \t‘ilih. olllxliii- i'i'wcl\.i«  Releases 

oiiic sounds. He has had sullicicnl hulnl‘\\'|)[‘kll Hi 3 am [\5 1, “up.”
l‘l‘llt'ill'\ill.\' :ll RP] and Union pi'oins “1 put ppm-pp“,- 311-1.. “you no;

lll.il{t‘ ihcir delicate iii‘pni‘illl'c until

:i ii iii shocking!
:\\ i'oi ihosc litilc dciiiils cnc liuics

inns, cosiint: $100. will not bc lillu‘  Christmas Recess lo rc.nl but must iiikcis :ii'c foui

uniil .l.iiiii.ir\ . 'l‘ickcls will bc ilis
ii'ibuicil lll iln- lliisicil pciisnlc

t‘.sc.ir lit, l.llllllll'tl, l)t‘i|ll oi ih.
t‘ollcuu ii-lcuscs lhc lollow'ing l'i‘i:ll~ 1 pin. ioduy

ilollui's ioi' in.ui and male, and may
lli‘ honglii. hoi‘i'ow'cd. or stolcn as oi

'[ln pl.i\ l,\ .i Human .‘iiin-ih .oni l.i‘.ion concerning intcndiincc on ihc A “a: ,1 MINIMUM“ “mm,” in

will he ‘t'i'll in More \lllli‘l‘i‘lll ~ii~
lllli'» Stine (‘ollcec will llllliiiilli'i‘,

rims nnincdlulcly
~.iiccccdiiie (‘hi'islinus vacation.
‘llll’il‘l‘i‘i‘ """“-‘“‘ “Wm” “‘ 115’” incnt \i.lll‘>llli‘ll innkc up llic bids

l’l"“'l“l”ll~' “ml iln‘ MUM llllt‘ll. girls. und music:
r'lll‘i'llli'll‘ i"oi' iioiuiicc. two prom—

tor ihc lll'\l innc lici’c. .I woodwlit»: .i ill on l‘l'lllll), licccinbcr lb. (‘liissis (.mmmm... “M”. m- mum. my“.
‘--l'i consisting of thrcc \au'icil but-.4 will l'i'sllllli‘ on lucsduy, January .i. “I” m. mmmvnv‘.‘ lmd ,ihuwnmm

.
mumps and six wooilwiuss ‘” i’ " '“

to chain-rune chwpcroncs. etc. and

All siudcnis. except uiidcrgi'inlu- cvcn llliil't' pcoplc will point pic~

lir Jiu'ku lluricn. Assistant l‘io .m.‘ “1H, uh. m,

in: wlnlc in Paul lirucc l'i‘llll.

, ill“ i'ciuircd ll
Axniu'ldli‘ l’l'iili‘sml ill lulllilisll, \\lll ( l ‘

l’t‘i'loi"s‘ sllulcnt iissisiuni is .lunicc mm)“. m mm,“

t‘liuinp.o;nc ‘57. and Clinics (.‘i'ow- days must sccurc
the Dcini‘s oll'icc bcl'oi'c Friday.

tlt‘l‘ ‘;i?. will be stage manager.

the limits list. tin-cs. rut: bells. .ind shout words
cmu' ol l’lllilll'wll. will be the dii'c. » .uid tll‘lliiliilit' studcius with an il\‘t'l'- oi publi.ii\ 'l‘hci'c lll’t‘ more pccplc
our of lift for the pi'cccding scincslci' on the hand coiniuiltcc iliun in the
attend all classes build. and enough but salesmen for
on li‘i'idny. llcccinbcr iii. and 'l‘ucs- cvcryonc

do ilic (ct'lm' "til (lll‘i'i'lllltl 'l'lli‘ lll' day. January 3. Any student who is
classes on these professionals round out the crew ol
llll cxcusc from iucrry workers.

Arriingcincni artists and program

You. too, may attend.

 

