 

PAGI I

scaffold . . .

As fraternity rushing came to a close this week, the
moral character of a number of future teachers of Amer-
ica, appeared questionable to us. It is hard to believe that
college men who, in a very few years, are going to instruct
adolescents in behavior and stand up as good examples,
cbuld be capable of tactics unbecoming them as present
members of a brotherhood and in the future as teachers.
We are referring, of course, to the techniques and methods
employed by upperclassmen in persuading freshmen to
sign fraternity bids and “go the. right way.” Freshmen,
reportedly, had to join a fraternity or suffer thenconse-
quences of being labelled a “nobody. on campus. They
were actually afraid that if they didn’t conform, they
would be faced with a dim future at State. They were
afraid to talk to, let alone associate with, members of other
fraternities or even independents, lest their chances of a
bid from a fraternity be spoiled.

Fraternities were established and designed to perform
a function totally incoherent with those actions exempli-
fied during recent Weeks. If the upperclassmenare not
mature enough by now to recognize and practice good
ethics, what will happen when they are faced With the job
of teaching them to high school people?

A Step Forward . . .

Included in the revised constitution of the State Col-
logo News, approved this week by Student Councrl, is a
new section. This new addition which goes into effect next
semester, provides for the weekly distribution of free copies
of the News to every member of the faculty. Previous to
this, faculty members could not obtain a paper without a
subscription, costing one dollar per semester. At the pres-
ent time, out of one hundred and fifty faculty members,
only forty subscribe to the News.

Under this new plan Student Association will pay
the cost of furnishing the paper to the faculty every week.
The cost is very small when the potential benefits of this
plan are considered. If more of the faculty are aware of
the students’ activities, plans, opinions, and actions, they
will perhaps find a more common ground on which .to
approach them. This, in turn, will lead toward more .in-
formal, better relationships between the two, something
that needs much improvement.

Take A Bow...

Congratulations are in order to the Chairman of State
Fair, her committee, and all the participating organiza-
tions, for staging a very fine Fair last week. Not only did
the concessions and shows, etc., attain financial success,
but they were successful in the attempt to create an eve-
ning of fun and entertainment.

Hillel met the challenge of producing the Opening
Show beautifully, and came up with a very enjoyable intro-
duction to the Fair. The Faculty, who took in the most
money, went all out for the Fair, and both students and
faculty took a step toward a more informal relationship.
A step in the right direction, we might add.

The purpose of the Fair, to bring a foreign student to
State for a year of study, is a very admirable goal toward
which we can contribute money and enjoy ourselves at
the same time. Let’s hope that the Fairs to be held in fu-
ture years are as successful as they have been in the past.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY I916

BY THE CLASS OF 1915

 

First Place CSPA

VOL. XXXX March 4, 1955

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from 7 to
11 pm. at 2-3326. Ext. ii. Phones: Cocliruiie. 2-7630; Luft 2-illll2; Bwlerzowski 2-37“;

Ooldstelii 2-26i28; Lackey 8-0277; Moore, 2-3326.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers;
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student

Association.

AILEEN COCIIEANE - - - - - . - - . ‘
CAROL ANN LUFT - - - - - - - - - Managing Editor
ESTHER GOLDS'I‘l-EIN - - - - - - - Public Relations Editor
FRANCES MONMIAN - - - - - - Business-Advertising Editor
NANCY SCHNEIDER - - - - - s - -

BARBARA I‘Ol'LSON - - - - - - - .-

BONALD LACKEY - - - - - - - - - Eurative Editor
JOANNE MOOIIE - - - - - - - - - Consultant Editor
MARCIA LAWRENCE - - - - - - - .

MATTHEW ONTOHCU - - - - - - . .

RICHARD BAUER - - - - - - - - - Anaclllc Editor

CLIFI‘OIN) DAVIS n - - - - - Feature. l‘JII o

JOBEP" BlVlEllZOWi-lﬂl - - ~ - - - .. . .-

ARNOLD NE “1‘” ' - - - - - - .

DOROTHY “A” U335" " ' - - - ~ - Junior Sports idler
JOHN “NAP, - - - - - - - . .

All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Names qwe”
will be withheld on request. Tile STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for 3" 1
opinions expressed in its columns or communications. as such expressions do not

necessarily reflect its views.

 

‘W‘

Merci Beaucoupl '

To the Students of State:

It is almOst a weeksince State
Fair of 1955 transformed itself into
a financial and social success. In
its fourteen year history at State,
this has been the first; time that
Hillel has been honored with the
production of the Opening Show.

According to all indications, our
show was accepted very well. I
truly extend my sincerest thanks to
all those who unselfisth gave up
their time and cooperated with the
show’s director and author, Richard
Feldman ’57. Without these stu-
dents, both the Hillel and the non-
Hillel members, “It's a Most Un-
usual Falr” could never have been
received as warmly as it was.

accumulations 

ITATI COLLEGE NIWSCFRl-DAY. MAtRCH 42"‘1933

  

 

 

 

Again may I extend my appreci-
ation to the cast committees, and
all those who were connected with
the show.

Sincerely,
Harvey Brody ’56,
President of Hillel.

 

Gammon-Slate’s

By LEIN & McEVOY

 

 

Veritas I

To the Editor:

 

EVERYONE NOTE! . . .
Saturday night! Not only is it the last basketball game of the sea-

son, but also a Polio Beneﬁt game. After the game there will be a dance

Let me begin by saying that, I am in Brubachei'. A collection will be taken at the dance and all girls who

not a fraternity member and that

donate will be given one-thirty hours. Check Page 5 i'or full details.

I "ever 51m“ be “’1‘” I am a“ State HOW CARELESS CAN some rooms BE? . . .

College. I write this as I watch
what has been going on around me
for the last two days, among some
of my very good friends.

As a new student here in Septem-
ber I noticed that rushing actually
began at Fresh Camp. Counsellors
seem to carry a lot of weight when
rushing comes around. Then when
the mass migration from Fresh
Camp to the Commons, Union and
classes begin, the rusher (and here
I refer to only a small but signific-
ant number of them) cling to a
certain group of fresh they feel
have a great deal of “potential,”
i.e. they watch class elections. State
College Theatre productions and
other sundry functions for “DI'OIII<
inent" fresh. They become leaches
to these poor [X'O'uh who do not
yet realize just what college is.
Other i‘ushcrs are content with
carrying on growing friendships

(Continued on Page 1,, Column 3/

KW (ape/id
By CLIFF DAVIS

It took a couple of months for
Paramount's The Country Girl to
come majestically and proudly upon
the Albany movie scene. Well, it’s
here now, at the Strand . . . and if
you miss it you're iuSL not with it,
man. Anyway, the whole thing adds
up to a m..ture piece of flicker
craftsmanship.

Bill Holden, Grace Kelly, and
“Der Bingle” Crosby make the pic~
ture what it is. The moments of
drama and decision are done with
the finesse which few pictures can
rival. Weve got Academy Award
nominations to back up the caliber
of the show.

I also think that an Academy
Award should sit in the lobby of
the Delaware. I'd give the Lliipu-
tlan theater an award l'or hold-
overs, since they're carrying for u
second week the Detective produc-
tion. That makes about nliic shows

 

Fir“ Place AC? iii the last two months that have
No. 5 been there for a two-week vueiitioii.

A country priest has a valuable
cross robbed . . . he uses amateur
means to cutch the thief . . . the
matter is subtly hilarious. believe
me. Thus the midget synopsis on the

Editor-lmChlel Detective.

If you're able to look at it Clue-
miiscopc screen in one glimpse With?

communion can" out lookliig on one side first to see
C9-C‘NNINW 34"" what’s going on, and il' you've got

a lust for speed. and an eye ior

Associate Editor outdoor grunueur~~lhcii ’I‘he ltaeers
“"0".” “"9" is for you to see.

Kll'k Douglas us Gina and Gilbert

Sports Editor ltoiiuid as the ludies’ mun romp over
Junior Hportn Editor the mountainous Alps in their sleek

sports curs, and hurl the ipoVie into

Stall Photoﬂlphar a tense romiiiilic adventure. liellii

Dai'vl spreads her cliuruis on the
too. if she didn't the lads
Wouldn't be hot-rodtiing ovur hill
and dule in the first place! (Hell‘s
Outpost runs as a co-feuturc)

Gotta move. Be seeing you! Be
seeing moviesi

When there are ash trays around. people should use them . . . if
you don't you are liable to burn up your friends . . . have you noticed
the burns in the furniture in the new Draper Lounge?

IIEAlt'I‘Y WELCOME!!!

to the students from Buffalo State who have come to visit our fair
campus . . . a Cl rricular and extra-curricular visit. . . . We hope they
enjoy themselves as much as we enjoy having them with us.

EFFICIENCY . . .

Glad to see thiit the Student Union Bourd is upholding its rules . . .
the rules are pasted anyway . . . but who reads. them and what good
are they? Rule No. 2. under the heading "Snack Bar." states that all
dishes must be returned to the Ontario Strch side of the Snack Bur.

Rule No. 3 prohibits the playing of cards in thc Snack Bur. . . . Make
good reading. don‘t they?
SEEN AROUND THE CAMPUS . . .

brush cuts. pledge huts, sideburns. and mustuclics . . . fraternity

rushing is over for another year . . . fortunately or unfortunately as

the case may be.

“LITTLE GEMS" . . .

Whose mail do you read in the Commons? If the letters were meant
to be read by everyone, they would be published . . . congrats to the
chairman of State Fair and all committees for n fine job well done . . .

If you can smile when things go wrong.
and say it doesn‘t matter.

If you can laugh off cares and woe
and troubles make you fatter.

If you can keep u cheerful face,
when all around are blue.

Then have your head examined. friend.

’I‘herc's something wrong with you.

IRS. We aren't its ignorant us Stine people think we are!

QUESTION OF ’I‘IIE WEEK?
How?

COMMENTS FROM BUFFALO:

510911.111. Wednesday~Arrivcd. five cXchungccs from Bull'qu hopping
the scenic cruiser. "bright-iycd and bushy-lulled." u chccry
greeting pierced the murky lllih’lr "welt-omc L) Albany?"

5:19 zi.m.~Bugs finally loaded a sketchy tour up Capitol Hill.

5:57 uni—Brave souls grcctlng usvr—lhcn to :i luxurious four hours oi
proiic resting—«that is. those who could drive out lhc (ll'llllf‘
of the motor.

10:00 u.m.A Alllllll clocks shipping bucks oi" hcuds. and up \vc get u iiiziny
\‘oiccd gi'ccihig ll flow of faces “this is our campus" il('-
tivc inlci'csl helpful hints mingled with "Do you know . ,
l'roiii Buffalo?"

11:00 hi“. Grub your partner, choose your ciiiss lil'lli'lls poised ob—
scrvulioiiul cupucily kcciily shui'pcncd on the spot dcsxrip-
lion convcrsuiioii for undirsluiuling cvuluutioii clinics lulci'

iZIOUliUUll'-Ulll\’f’l‘$ill hubil they (in it in Albany. loo lalA’l‘!

1:00-6:00 pm. New profs. our building our ii.mics and focus ulwuys
i'i'iciully. ulwziys liilci'csliiig Investigations mciiiul iiolulloiis

llllkt‘ this memo buck).

0:00 pm. (icuci'ul comparison "ls i'lllzl' iood bciicr lllllll ours'."

7:30 j).lll.--\Sl.liii(llil Council hillllliil‘ problciiis (liilci'ciil. upprouch (\illl
lcuvc propuguiulo mulcriul with youli

9:00pm. "Would you mind jotting down your miprcssioiis‘."' And.
here they are!

l"lVl'.' FROM lillli'l“/\l.()

 

College Calendar

SA’I‘I‘IIIMY, MARCH 5

7:00 pm. Basketball] (iiJllt'. Hliili- \‘s. liurpur

ll:00 pm. liuskctbiill lluiicc

SUNDAY, MAIH‘II 0

7:00 pm. Stiulcnl Umoii liourd Mcclinu. (imcrumciu itooin
2-4 pm. SUB Li>tt£lllllil lloiu'

'l‘lil‘lb‘liAY, Milltt‘ll ll

72i5 pm. Chrlslum Hl'lciict: (irgonimlioii Mccliug, lii'lli)l|.'llt'l'.

THURSDAY. Millttlll l0
9am-4pm. iVCi“ Elections, Lower uusicu i’cl'istyiu.

 

 

 

Religious Clubs

Schedule Week's

Lenten Programs
IVCF Elects Officers,-

Newmsn Hears Panel

Canterbury Club is sponsoring a
Lenten Series; Hillel, a 10x and
bagel breakfast. and IVCF will hold
elections.

Every 'I'htu'sday during Lent,
Canterbury Club will sponsor a
series in Brubacher at 7:15 pm.
Every Thursday morning at 7 am.
there will be a Corporate Commu-
nion and breakfast at St. Andrew's
Church at the corner of Western
and Main Avenues. Transportation
will be provided to school for those
persons with 8 o'clock classes, re-
ports Wiliiam Small '56, President.

Hillel will sponsor a fox and bagel
breakfast on Sunday morning,
March 13, at Congregation Ohuv
Sholcm. Admission will be $.15 for
members and $.25 for non-members.

At the regular meeting of the
Newman Club this Thursday night
at 7:30 pm, a discussion on Chris-
tian Education of Youth will be
held. Panel members are Peter Mc-
Guirk. Jack Hurdle and Patricia
Auguslitis. freshmen.

On Thursday night at; 7:30 1).”).
at. Brubiicher, IVCF will hold elec-
tions. All those who wish to vote
must. be present ill. the meeting be-
cause of the voting procedure.

On Saturday, March 12. at 7:30
pm, in Bi'ubhchcr Hull there will
be :1 meeting of the Inter-Varsity
Chapters of the urea.

’TATI COLLEGE NMLFRIDAY. MARCH '4. "1.53 ‘ ' " > ' ' ' '

 

RI.

Repeated

By DAVID KENDIG

In this, my last column, I would
like to thank both the organizations
whose meetings I have attended for
their cooperation, and the Editor of
the News for her fine support. I
would also like to present an idea
that I think will help to get our
organizations back on their feet.

I would like to see the establish~
ment of a committee, chosen by the
President of SA, with the approval
of Student Council, whose purpose
would be: to visit the many groups
in the school periodically; to deter-
mine their troubies; to approve their
constitutions; and to come up with

D&A To Exhibit
Peds’ AriL Work

Dramatlcs and Arts Afﬁliates will
sponsor an Art Exhibit April 3, 1955,
in the Brubacher Upper Lounge. All
students are invited to submit any
kind of art work for the exhibit.

Art work submitted may be water
colors. oils. charcoal drawings. metal
work. sculpture. etc. All entries must
be turned in to Linda Niles '56.
Chairman of the Exhibit, by March
27. Miss Niles may be contacted via
Student Mail or in person.

D&A Affiliates sponsored a slin-
ilar exhibit in the fall. The work
submitted was limited in number
and scope. Miss Niles. therefore, re-
quests that students submit any and
it“ work they have done either here
or outside of school.

 

Enterprising Statesman Desired
To See Continent; Rewards Ample

By CLIFFORD DAVIS

Opportunity usually doesn't make
itself so apparent {is it will this
(,‘l mini]; Wednesday. There is 21 fab-
ii ms chance for some cnterprismg

tatesmun to become this year's
Albany Community Ambassador and
live it up in some country over the
deep blue sea.

The kick-off will be made in the
Upper Lounge at 7:30 pm. Jciin
Rust-y, Grad, who was lust year's
rcprcscuiiitivo, is scheduled to talk
briefly iiiid to be tciitutively fol-
lowed with ii speech by the world-
Ioui‘ing Lowell Thomas. For all
those who are il\\'i.‘-ill.\[lil'L‘(l over
the mutter, blanks for application
will conic into your hands.

Students must clicck with their
birth certificates and make sure
[hut lhcy lift! at lciisi. l8 and no
older than 30! You can belong to
either oi" the species to qualify. and,
Ml lliut you will be culled upon to
mukc spccchcs, you have lo 0.: re-
siding within this urcu the follow—

Music Council Invites

Guest Artists To Sing

Music Council is sponsoring a
concert to be given on March :15,
llllllillllllfl‘h' Kathryn Johnston '55,
President. ’l'wo glit'>.l :ii‘tisis, Wil—
lium MCUl'llLll, lciior, and Shirlcy
l‘lillllliillS, sopi'iiiio. Will be prcsciit
to perform ill the opera "The Secrets
of HllZilllllC.”

The publicin ('(fllllliHCI‘ is now
working on iuivcriiscinciiis uhd is
pliiiiiiliig u posici‘ pziiiy. liiiiiol'i'ow,
ill. 9:30 iiJIi. hi lii'uli.iclici‘. All ii'y~
outs for Council liilci'csicil iii gum-
iiig points for Council membership
should plan to iulciul at this time.

The lli‘.\'l gciicrul lryoui iiiccliiig
will be hcld oii 'l‘ucsihiy, Murcli ii.
iii. 10 ll.ili. ill. lhc coilcgc. 'l'lic room
number will be posted on the Music
Council lilillciiii lioiird.

 

WA'I‘CH REPAIRS
Hl’l‘KllAl. S'i‘UINlIN'l‘ I’lthidS

SAMUEL ERINGER

1120 Western Ave. 8-7741
Name Brand Watches & Jewelry-7
30": discount for Students

 

ing year. That last point is a pri-
mary requisite.

Applications can be obtained by
addressing an envelope to: Junior
Chamber of Commerce, 7-1 Chapel
Street in Albany; or from Miss
Riiscy herself.

If you're selected for the posi-
tion you can look forward to the
following events this summer. You'll
go to the UN. and meet the dele—
gates of' the country. Come the end
of June the bout Will take you ever.
For four weeks you'll be with ii pre-
selected family; the other lour will
bc spent parading around the coun-
tryside, writing iich-piicked letters,
inking color pic.ures. Then you
ci the home iiiid go on radio and TV

and then you can call it quits.
By that time you'll want to immi-
grate to the country you were just
in, anyway!

Affiliates Announce

‘ Additional Members

I)&A Affiliates has announced
the latest additions to their organ-
imiion, according to Marilyn Ei'ter
'56, President of Affiliates. "Iiiosc
ucccptcd are Trudy Stciiiiner ‘57.
Duvul Biuiii. JitCJUCllllC Cantor, and
Lloyd Seymour, freshmen. Miss Ere-
ci' hus recently become the new
president. As Cnuiriniiii, Betty Vun
Vluck '.)7 is u tl‘jolit for thc rcp.uce-
ment of Barbara Davis ’57, out-
polllg Chiilrniiiii.

Dry/l Council will be sponsoring
u |)l'illl cxlilbit iii the Millie Gul«
lci'y from Moiitliiy through March
iii. The displin Will be open on the
crciii’iigs of the (iirls lll Unli‘orin
pcriormuiicc, March ii and 12.

 

some sort of a report on the condi-
tions that are making a farce out
of all too many of our organizations.

The formation of this committee
would help Student Council by per-
forming several of its present func-
tions, and so leave that body to its
more important work. It would help
Student Board of Finance by being
able to recommend to it those
groups that are deserving of more
monetary aid, and those who do not
deserve the amount they presently
obtain. It would help Student Asso-
ciation, as a whole, by coming up
with several theories on the apathy
that is strangling our governmental
structure. Finally, it would help the
organizations, for the ills that beset
one are often the ills that beset all.

Are not most of our groups oper-
ating on outmoded structures, un-
certain of their authority or juris-
diction, and often in violation of
provisions of our Constitution? (Ar-
ticle VIII, 6 and Section 3, d of the
By-Laws for example). Are not all
of them faCed with the problem of
disinterest? Are any of them ex-
panding instead of contracting?

It is important that this proposed
committee be appointed by the
President, who can determine the
qualifications of eligible members of
the committee better than Student
Council which often elects on a
popularity basis. This is one com-
mittee that must not be chosen be-
cause of popularity, but rather for
interest in the constitutional aspects
of government, optimism in their
thoughts. and consisting not en-
tirely of our present leaders. who
while not entirely responsible for
our present conditions, have done
little to alleviate them. To those
who do not believe that the Presi-
dent should have the sole power of
appointment may I point out that
under my proposal, all nominees
would have to be confirmed by Stu-
dent Council.

Is it not logical to state that the
trouble with State College govern-
ment does not lie in the Asscmbly,
but rather in the organizations, and
that healthy and interested organ-
izatlons will result in a healthy and
interested Association? Reform is
needed, but it must take place in
the foundations of our government
before any is attempted at the top.

Finance Board Requests

Budgets By March 15

In accord with the new policy
set up by Student Council in their
meeting last week. Student Board
of Finance requests that all budgets
for 1955-56 be submitted in writing
by March 15.

The budgets for 1111 organizations
should be submitted by the heads
of' the groups to Nan McEvoy ’55,
Chairman of SBF, by 4 pm, March
5. SBF will review all budgets be-
fore bringing them before Student
Association for approval.

.—

Iii the Spring of each year SBF
reviews and revises all budgets in
order to determine the Student Ac-
tivity fee for the ensuing college
your.

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave”
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARBERS
We Aim To Plano

 

 

 

 

“Around the Corner

 

Campus Casuals for the College Co-ed

Softics - Loafers - Low Heel Dress - Oxfords
Suedes - Leathers - Combinations

SEE THEM A’l‘

MICHELSON’S SHOES

230 CENTRAL AVE.

from State College”

 

'm.‘ .

'News' To Sponsor Preliminary
For Hearst Oretorical Tournament

The State‘College News will sponsor the preliminaries
of the Hearst Newspapers’ Tournament of Orators for all
State students interested in obtaining an opportunity to
participate in the district semi-finals at Albany Law School.

One student will be chosen in this preliminary event

to represent State College.

The date for both tourna-

ments will be set at a later date. The State College News

 

Revue Director
Releases Title

This year's All College Revue,
which unites the talent in the classes
on campus, was written by James
Lockhart '57 and Joyce Shelton '56.
The title of the show is “Happy-
town, USA." J. Ruben Garcia ’55
will direct the revue to be presented
March 19.

The show features a fued between
two mayors: Dan Juan, Alan Weiner
'56. and Priscilla Prim. Mary Ann
Johiipoll '55. Two young lovers fight
the world. There are plots and
counter - plots, romantic intrigue,
singing, dancing and general horse-
play, reports John Reinei's ‘57, Pub-
licity Director. The show may be
summed up as "love conquers all."

Assisting Garcia in the direction
of the play will be: Evelyn Ruben
’55, Dialogue Director; Neil Brown,
Grad. Miislc Director. and Assist—
ants to the Music Director, George
Dunbar '55 and Susan Garrett '56.
David Keiidig ’57 is Co-ordiiiator
of the Revue. and Salvatore Zac-
caro '58, Choreographer.

The cast and parts portrayed in-
clude the following: Arlene Yanks,
'55. Anastasia Drip: William Small.
William Prim; Marie Devine, Prun-
ella Prim; Matthew McMahon,
Marty, Juniors; Theodore Pedei‘son.
Peter the Peddler: Richard Erbach-
er and Barbara Hungorford. newly-
weds; Horace Ci'andall. second suit~
er. Sophomores.

Evening Of Readings
To Feature 'Eleclro’

The English 162, Oral Interpret-
ation of Literature, and English 262.
Oral Interpretation of Drama. will
present the first of this semester's
series of "Oral Readings from Liter-
ature" on Tuesday night. March 15.
at 8 pin, in Draper 349, announces
Patricia Finger ’55. Chairman of the
evening.

The program is bcliig prepared
under the direction of Agnes E.
Futtci'er, Professor of English. The
first program will feature Ll read-
ing of “Electra” by Euripides. These
readings of' Literature which were
initiated last semester will be pre-
sented iii-monthly in the Draper
Auditorium. It is open to all stu-
dents of the college. A student tax
card is not required.

as sponsors will set the date and
choose the judges for the prelimin-
ary event.

Any undergraduate of State Col-
lege who will not have reached the
age of 26 by May 19, 1955, is eligible
to participate. All students inter-
ested in participating in the tourna-
ment may enter by contacting Aileen
Cochrane '56, Editor of the weekly
paper. in person or via Student Mail.
Past national winners of Hearst
Tournament and the immediate rel-
atives of Hearst employes are in-
eligible.

Speeches must be original and
limited to six minutes. Speakers are
allowed sixty seconds grace beyond
the stipulated time unit. However.
penalty of one point per second will
be invoked for overtime exceeding
the grace period. It is recommended
that students time their speeches
for approximately six minutes.
Speeches must be delivered without
reference to notes. Quoted passages
may not exceed one-third of the
text. Microphones will not be em-
ployed.

The Capital District Tournament
will be held at Albany Law School.
These schools participating in this
district will be: The University of
Vermont. Williams College, Utica
College, The College of St. Rose.
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute,
Union College, St. Bernadine of
Siena College, and State.

State Debaters
Meet Fordliam

Fordham University debaters will
meet two State College debate
teams this morning, according to
Phyllis Bialow '56, Debate Council
President. At 8 a.in., in Room 28.
Richardson, Barbara Salvatore and
Linda Niles, Juniors, will take the
affirmative against Fordham on the
topic of granting diplomatic recog-
iiltion to Communist China. At 9
am. in Room 33, Richardson, State‘s
negative team composed of Shirley
Allen '56, and Richard Clifford ’57.
will meet the Fordham affirmative
team. Anyone interested in listen-
ing to the debates is cordially in-
vited to attend the forensic compet-
itlons.

The New York City debaters
journeyed to Albany yesterday to
enter debates with Rensselaer Poly-
teclinic Institute. Troy. They will
stay overnight at Brubaeher Hall
after the debate with RPI.

This afternoon. the Fordham
it‘llii‘ln “ill meet with debaters from
Sicnii College. Loudonville, before
their return. This is the school's
first trip to Albany to meet. the
Slate debaters, though State Col-'
lich has debuted them several times
in regional und University of Ver-
mont toui'iuiments.

 

OUR SPECIALTY
Thick Creamee Frosts — Ass’t Flavors

S T E W A R T ’ S
MAKE YOUR OWN SUNDAES

We also serve hot chocolate, coffee and

doughnuts

If you like, bring your own lunch

and visit with

475 Washington Ave.

 

Rocky & Sam.

3-9168

 

 

 

 

