PAGE 6

News Views:

C. DeSapio Delivers Dull Oration
At Democratic Candidates, Coniab

By DAVID KEN DIG

State Democratic leaders conven- tically no national supporters. The

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY.

 

ed in Albany last Friday to find
out how they could best continue to
assure victory in future elections.
The highlight of the event was a
"monstrous rally" for Truman and
Harriman. As political rallies go, it
was not much of a success. The
Armory was barely three-quarters
full, the atmosphere was generally
apathetic, and the speeches were
long, and for the most part dull.
But, it was not without national
significance.

Governor Harriman spoke poorly
for the most palt, save when he
attacked the Republican-dominated
Legislature. The ovation for Harri-
man was not profuse, if we consider
that one of the purposes of the
rally was to present the next Demo-
cratic Presidential candidate.

Of little casual significance, was
the appearance and speech by Tam-
many leader Carmine DeSaplo. Hid-
den in an outwardly dull address
was the argument that no one of
any possible intellect could state
this early in the game who the con-
vention choice should be. This was
aimed at the many prominent Dem—
ocrats who are convmced that Stev-
enson is the party's choice. DeSapio,
who almost single handediy has res-
urrected the State Party, and boost-
ed the Harriman boom from virtual
obscurity, thus laid the campaign
strategy for the next few months.

The crowd was expecting a “give
'em Hell" address from Mr. Truman,
and he did not disappoint them.
This fighting, fascinating, forlner
President was in top form and spoke
effectively on the value of party
organization and unity. His enthu-
siasm with the rank and file of the
Party indicates who

remains the
dominant force in the Democratic

South is violently opposed to him.
He is sixty-four years old. His
speaking personality is cold. Al-
though he has experience, he has
only been elected to one office, that
of Governor. The prominent Ne"
York Democrats, such as Lehman
or Wagner, are not in the Harri-
man camp. And, if we are to count
that rally for anything, he has stir-
red up little real enthusiasm among
New York State Democrats. It is
true, as in the case of Al Smith,
that cheers do not necessarily mean
votes, but they play an important
part influencing convention dele-
gates to vote the right way.

Carmine DeSapio will have to do
a lot of work to combat the Steven-
son campaign which gets underway
next month. However, the conven-
tion is a long way away, and De-
Sapio is one of the most skillful poi—
iticians of our generation. It is any-
body’s race.

 

Party. His ovation was tremendous.

What does it all mean? It means
that the nomination is by no means
Stevenson's. Harriman is not em—
barking on a comprehensive speak-
ing trip through the West next
month for his health. He is no long-
er morally committed to support
Stevenson. Truman's political en—
thusiasm for Adlai, has of late been
remarkably cool, while he has at
the salne time been very friendly
to the Governor. '

We must realize, however, Harri—
man's' major liabilities. He has prac-

AMIA Begins
Archery Shoot

Archery and Table Tennis joined
the growing list of sports getting
under way this season.

Practice for Archery will start
next week at Brubacher. All men
and women interested in the sport—
either in shooting for scores or just
practicing are invited to come out.
The days and hours of practice will
be posted on the WAA bliiictin board
ill Lower Draper.

Table Tennis To Start

Table Tennis enthusiasts are re-
minded that the indoor game will
soon begin. Starting as n Consola-
tion Tourney it will conclude us it
Ladder Tourney for the finalists.
This sign-up sheet will be taken
down from the AMIA bulletin board
on Wednesday and the competition
will begin soon thereafter.

AMIA officials also announce the
election for frosh representatch will
be held Monday from 9 to 3 ill Low-
er liusted. All frosh will be allowed
to vote.

The replacement election for AMl
A Veep was Won by Bob Backer, 

Rifle Club To Visit
New Range For Shoot

The Rifle Club held its second
meeting of the year Wednesday lllid
it was announced to all intcrcstcd
that there Will be u lilioot held at
the New Army Reserve ltangc to-
morrow Everyone is Welcome and
Club Officers rcmind those lntcrcst-
cd that cxpcricncc is not ncccssllry
All going to the shoot are to mch
ill front of Draper lit 9 at which
time free transportation will be pro-
vided.

I litmn’i A Milli Town. ( o

 

  
 

SMILE IN YOUR

M yskonia Lists
Completed Frosh
Leaders’ Rosier

At its meeting Tuesday night.
Myskania added to the list of
freshmen leaders for Rivalry events.

According to Theresa Barber ’56,
Chairman of Myskanla, those elec-

ted are: Men's Softball, David Fer-
ris; Women's Softball, Verity Pulli-

am; Women's Soccer, Gall Kline;
Songleader. Claudia Ailecock; Men’s
Football. Robert Kampf; Cheerlead-
er, Kathleen Bonk; Debate, Corinne
Marro and the Banner Committee,
James Owens, Zacharie Clements,
John Yagar and David Pitkin.

The Sing Challenge will be this
morning in assembly, and Rivalry
events will begin with Men's and
Women's games tomorrow morning.

The dates for other Rivalry events
will be posted, and sign-up sheets
for the classes will be
class bulletin boards.

placed on

PUT A

SMOKING!

*Chesi-erfielcl

BEST FOR YOU !

OCTOBER 14.

1955

 

paeﬁ game

AN HOUR
By .L.S.
An hour flies by with the speed of

When it's the end of a glorious
night;

An hour drags by on leaden feet

With seconds marked by a waiting
heart’s beat.

An hour soars for a soul in prayer,

And plummets to the depths of

 

despair.

An hour begins with the dawn of
delight—

And ends with the pain of regret—
ful flight.
KEEPER OF THE FLAME

By M.L.S.

Beneath each person's wail of glass
or steel

There burns a constant flame undy-
ins.

Which creates, through ever-watch-
ful care

A vital human—one whose warmth
and love

Are inspiration to all who know
him

But this same constant flame.

If fed by hate and bitterness and
despair.

Can burn the heart and soul away

Today—

Enjoy a Cool Mildness
never possible before!

 

UGGH‘I A MVU‘S

  

Smoke
Tomorrow’s

better cigarette*

  

And leave a moving shell, unten-
anted by Love.

A NEW FOREIGN JOB
By SHIRLEY MePHERSON
Half a foot high and half a block
ion
That's Jack's car—a
b

 

new foreign

o .

It looks like an aluminum daschund

That's Jack’s car—a new foreign
Job.

There’s room at least for six or
seven

In Jack's car—a new foreign job.

Jack, 4 cigarettes and a bit of
bread—unleaven

In Jack's new car—a foreign Job.

It's equipped with a shower, climb-
ing equipment and portable

stove

That’s Jack's car—a new foreign
job

All for a mid-get with a desire to
rove

In Jack's car—a new foreign job.

Jack's no longer with us at this time

In his new car-a foreign job

He was clobbered by a carelessly
thrown dime

In his car—a new foreign job.

 
  
  
 

  
 
 
      
    

L156!" | MYIIE TOBACCO CU

  

 

 

 

 

  

l I

 

Group Houses Invite

Feds To Visit Dorms

Brubacher Dorm Features Dance,

Pierce, Sayles Open Doors Sunday

Open houses and an informal dance are the feature

events on the residence halls

’ social calendar for the week-

end. Pierce, Sayles, and Brubacher will swing open their
doors to statesmen tomorrow and Sunday. An informal

dance will top off the Brubacher affair.

Music for the

dance will be supplied by Clyde Payne and his Pedcats.

Barbara DuBrey '57, announces
that rooms in Brubacher will be
open for inspection Saturday night
from 7 pm. to 9 pm. The dance will
be held in the dining room from 9
pm. to midnight. Committees for
the affair are: Invitations, Mary
Pagidas; Decorations, Beverly Mc-
Intyre; Flowers, Elizabeth King;
Chaperones, Beth Beehier. Juniors;
Hostesses, Eleanor Landrio. Marlene
Buschkomper; Publicity, Marie
Dettlner, Sophomores; Refresh—
ments, Barbara Sampler '59.

Pierce Hall will be open for in-
spection from 2 pm. to 5 pm. this
Sunday. announces Margaret Smith
'57. General Chairman and Presi-
dent of Pierce Hill]. Vice-chairmen
for the affair are Patricia Hall '57,
Margaret Pierce. and Barbara Ba-
linski, Sophomores. Othcr commit-
tec chairmen include: Refresh-
ments. Elizabeth Pierce: Mllsic. Di-
ane Michel, Sophomores; Clean-up.
Kathleen Monscs, Junior; Publicity,
John Burguicre '56, and Ann Hitch-
cock '58.

South Hall will hold its open
house in conjunction with Pierce.
Sally Weeks ’59. is General Chair-
man.

Brnno Rodgers '57, President of
Sliylcs Hall. announces that open
house is scheduled for Sunday from
2:30 pm. to 5 p.m. Committee Chair—
men are: Refreshments. Ross Dailey
‘58; Decorations. Frank F‘rllvnt;
Hospitality. John Yllgcr; Cicllll-np.
John Coccu, freshmen.

AAUP Chapter
Presents Speaker

Yale University‘s
Whilncy Griswold is slatcd to be
lhc speaker at Challccllons Hull,
State Education Bliiidillg. Albany.
on Wednesday. November 2, at 8:30
pm, The local American AsSociil-
tioll of Univcrsity Profcssors is co-
operating with ihc collcgc adminis—
tration ill presenting Prcsldclli
GrisWoid. announces Walter E.
Knotts, Associate Professor of Eng-
lish, Chairman of lhc Commitlcc
on Arrungclncnls. The litlc of the
:lddrcss is "The Intcrprctcr's Hollsc:
Sccondliry Educullon ill lhc Schcmc
of Things."

Presidcnl A.

’l‘hc AAUI’ chnptcr slrongly ni'gcs
illl studcnls to hcnr what pi'oliilsl's
to be quite an illulllllllliillg lccturc
by onc of thc lulllon's prolllincnl
educators. The topic ol Prcsirlcnl
(‘rr‘lswold‘s rllt‘H'll should bc of par~
amount ('olll‘i'l'll for if” Slallc slu~
ill-ills, slow if is so closcly illlli‘tl
“uh our ldcnls. slzrlcs l)r. Knolls.

Myskania Announces
Freshman Warnings

(‘hnlrlluln
lhc num—

.ludy Vilnlncrslcdl ‘56,
of Warnings. slotcs liull
hcr of warnings lssucd by Mysiolnm
to l‘rcshlncn during lhc Vt‘i'l'li has
llu'rcllscd lo cigllly-clghl. lilorc lllllll
doubling lalsl wcck’s nunlbcr,

Sully Hllll‘lll rccclrcd lil‘i' lllll‘ll
ililil loilrlh warnings; liichurd (‘urcy

lind itichlll'd llall'ilcld loi lilclr
IIlil'lI warnings, sccond \\‘ill'llllll-’,n
\vcrc lssucd lo liill'llili'il Cornish,

Mulll'icc l)l(‘.‘lirlzlno, llosclnllrlc i’ip-
nlo. Mlchncl Morris. l‘i(l\\'lil‘(l chcr.
and Ginny ltohnn.

Theatre Group
Calls For Actors

The January dramatic production
of the State College Theatre is Al-
exander Ostrovsky’s The Diary of
a Scoundrel. Acting tryouts. open to
all students. will be held at 7 13.111.
next Thursday and Friday, ali-
nounces Janice Champagne '57, Pub-
licity Director.

Students interested in trying out
for roles are encouraged to read
the copies of the play that are on
rcscrve in the library.

The play, a lnid-ninetecnth ccn
tul'y Russian satiric comedy. centers
on the adventures of Gioumov, an
engaging and clever young man who
advances in the world by taking ud-
vzlningc of others. Gioumov, flut-
tering his victims outrageously, re-
cords his candid opinion of them
in his diary. When found by one of
his victims. the diary leads to Glou—
lnov‘s acute embarrassment and
icnlpol'ury undoing.

T'hc various roles offered by this
play are: Mamaev. a pompous bore;
his wife, Kleopatru. an aging co-
quettc: Kroutitzky. a reactionary;
Gorodoulin. a would—be man of the
world; Sofia Tourousinzl. a super-
stitious widow; hcr attractive but
naive young niece, Mashcnku; and

Mashcnkll's military sliitor, Konr-

chacv.

Others in the cast are:

lnov; Golutvili, ll querulous, uncln

ploycd lllllll intcrestcd in Journal-
ism; the (llorllnov's blunt servant,
Styopka; and the servants of Mu-
dumc Tourousinll. Matriosha. Lub-

lllkil. and Grigori.

Student Council:

To Use Page Hall Campus Day;
Commiiiee ReporIs On Surplus

By MA IHE ('A “BONE

Mary Bl‘zldlcy ‘58. rclld lhc min-
ulcs of the prcviolls mccting and
they worc approved with corrcctions.

Robcl't Bctschil presented the RW-
lllry schcdulc for Council's approval.
Thcrc will be no rivalry softball this
Friday or ncxl; rivoil'y colnlllitlcc
will dccidc on if new dutc.

The surplus cctlunlitcc has rc-
chVcd information lroln :1 bus coin-
puny and this is bcing lookcd info
of illl'lllcl' lcnglil. sllllcs .lcull ling-
cny '56. Chairman of lllc Commu-
tcc, Prcsldcnt Collins has cxplunlcd
how :1 scholarship could sci bc up
Brucc Kcndig ‘56. Chairman of lhc
group, rcportcd illill 2r possiblc camp
has hccn lili'lili'(l ill lhc I.lli(c (icorgc
:lrcu; within ll wcck or lcn dilys lhc
li‘llciliiy-Sludcnl Association will hc
ncgollnllllg wilh tllc ll\\'iil‘i‘ for morc
nll‘ol‘nulllon.

Shclill Molluhnn '58. was uppoilll—
cd il.\ lhc Sopholnorc i'l‘]il:l('l'llil'lli lo
lhc (Irxllslillllilllllli licvlcw (Jolllnlll-
ll'c.

Mlchllcl Muxiun Hi7. (Ihnlrrllnn,
slulcd Illill cllcil lllclnbcl‘ Illld hccn
:lllollcd lwo or lhrcc organizations
liil(l coplcs ol ihclr constitutions
wr-rc ill Ilil'll' hands lllso; thcy will
illll‘iHl ill lcusl onc lnccllllg o wcck
and chcck lo scc if lhc groups ill'i‘
Ioilowmg Ihclr constitutions.

llurld Kcndig ‘57. lnovcd lhul lhc
collslilullon colllllllllcc Illukc coplcs
oi lhc collslllnllons uvuilzlhlc lo illl
council ulclnhcrs

Mr Kcndlg lnorcd iliill Sludcnl
(Younl ll clccl ll clullrnlun ului u ncw
lnclnhcr lo lhc Ncw 'l'ypcs oi (ior-
cl'lllnclll Uonlnlillcc.

l’ligc illlil will hc livllllllhic ior

Gilll‘ll‘n.
Gloulnov's calculating mother; Ma-
niclu. u secrcss ill the pay of Glou-

State College

 

 

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 21. 1955 VOL. XL NO. 18

Upperclassmen Elect Delegates
To Representative Legislature

Registrar LisIs New Government Body Convenes
ToIaI EnrollmenIFirst Session Next Friday At 10

The enrollment for the current
semester is 1948 students. including
undergraduates. graduates and spe-
cial students. This is the filial reg-
istration figure, according to Ruth
E. Lupe, Registrar.

 

The first meeting of the Legislature of the temporary
representative Government will take place next Friday,
October 28, at 10 am. in Draper 349. All representatives
elected from their organizations, and classes are required
to attend this and all future meetings of the Legislature.
There will be two excused absences allowed throughout
the semester for each member of this governing body.
More than two absences will result in the consideration of
the individual. by the Legislature. for dismissal.

The following people have been
Rivalry Deboie

Freshmen number 564 as compar-
ed with 522 in 1954, with a total
registration of 1601. This shows all
increase of 42. typical of the last.
three years.

clected by their organizations to
represent theln in the Legislature.
AMIA, Robert Backer; Campus
Commisison, Morton Hess; Debate

There are 510 Sophomores, includ-
ing 82 transfer students. Last year
there were 467.

Juniors number 374. In 1952 there T d I  Council. Shirley Allen' Dramatlcs
‘were 355, 1953—284. and in 1954—- O  n and Arts Council. Mary Furner;
334' Forum. Malcolm Rogers; Music

this- Council, Barbara Murnane; Outing
Club. David Kleinke; ..Pedagogue.
Carol Ann Luft; Press Bureau, Bar-
bara Weinstock; Radio Guild, Bruce
Clark; State College News, Marcia
with the frosh taking the affirlna- Lawrence; StUdent Boal‘d 0f Fi-

Figums Show the“, u“. 24 Special tive of: resolved that iolnl-iomi Will 3:111:33 Bsuil gamma”: StUdem
:ivultllcnts. an increase of 8 over lasl never be as popular in» Afghanistan WAA' N333“,'scﬁigidggmpagnone'
. - or Inner-Mongolia as fixed bayonets Results of the elections for rep—

Total rcgistl‘ution has increased are In J“Pim- The from debaters' resepmuves from the Class Of 1956’
by 64 ill 1953. 125 ill 1954 and 158 Stuart Orton. John Yager, and Cor- 1957 “Nd 1958 are not Complete as

~.  , . let.b f " n" '~ - -
“115 .VW- rlne Marrow, face the Sophs' Elild gesentgtth,gl:0fx;égff gzeugqlslgtogflggg.

The Cluss of '58 (iccrczlscd by 12 Vigilante. Dick Bartholomew and Patricia Atwood, Yolanda Auﬁero.
during lhc lust ycur. Similar losses LUHMHC Kuzhmski' This event m- Theresa Cardainone,Todd Cushman.

. RlV‘lll‘V events commence

Tile total number of graduate k‘ .‘ l .
' I '11 .1 l a . - y .. .
students is 15.3. a decrease as com- “Le mm at ml“ WUan“ ‘50“91'

pared with former years when they find men's “’Ulbulll Dabme Will be
h:ch numbered 187. 182, and 1200 held in Draper 349 today at 10 am.
from 1952 to 1954 respectively.

wcl‘c shown by lhc clusscs of ‘577 v93 . . lV'il'ilvn El'tel' J

, .,.. ' ' cclrcs three Joints. “ ‘ ' ea“ HanenbECk'

and of) 1 1 Barbara Ma 3 10 e. Helen Natale,
Wolncn's soccer and men‘s l‘oot- ThOmﬂS O'LOUE'IIIIIL Phyllis Par-

bull will be played Saturday at 10 iiif‘“l‘."““" SCITII'O'Gemwde Stron‘
I v 111. D ‘ F. H T, ski, Richard Tmapp. Robert Van~
.1.m..1nc am. on elm le(. no 5CD.“ Whitman Walters
points will be awarded to the wm- Elected from the Class of 1958 to
ncr of each event. with cllccrlng U10 Vacancy 0n Stildeilt Board Of
Finance, was Richard Bartholomew.
Lenore Hughes was chosen to rep-
ThH-m, Bm-bm-y Chummm 0f resent the Class of 1957 on Student
Mysklmill. announces that Michael 89%: (ligﬁiltrfmcf'mj I] t. . r _
[Campus Dar unlcss mmclhing 1111- van Vl‘ollkcr will be the freshman ,.,.,,,,.;0,,,T,,,,.ES°,~,.O,,,LU§¢C%1{?;;:S 
)l't‘s‘l‘i i '.' .‘i 3.‘ ‘2': l ' - r. ~.‘ . - ‘ ‘y - ‘ ‘
13””: ,g7llxnl’ﬁiiz \Iyl‘l's‘l‘i‘milf:(fdJh‘llgt) skit dllcctor for Campus Day. 19:37 and 19.38 will be announced
. g r g— - onlar, ) -‘ "i '. '
the minutes suggesting that whcn M ( ‘ (n tm Mukmn buneun

hoard. ill lsi .
budgets collie up Campus Day and ‘ H1 pd

Activities Day should bc cxpclldl—  A
nnounces Date

lurcs of Studcnl Association rillhcr
Selective Service Test

llulll ciilss expcndllurcs.
Novclnbcr 13 has tcnllltivcly bccn
scl liS thc date for the joint Slu—
dclli Cmmol. Stildcnt Board of Mn- Any Selective Service registrant
:lncc. lllld Adlnlnlstruiion niccling. W110 is u {UH-lime ("011030 SiliClCm
All Stillc Day's purposc is to ios- .rnd has not previously taken the
lcr bcllcr sludcnl-l'llclllly i'l‘lliilillih. Sclccllvc Selvicc college qualifica-
'l'o (lllll‘, ii squllrc (lililf’l' llll(I cnlcr- lion test may apply to do so by No-
l:linlncnl imvc tcnlllllvcly bccn sci rclnber l, announces David E. Harl—
lcy. Dean of Men, Applications.
mailing envelopes and Burictins of
information can bc obtained from

for lhc occasion; both sludcllls and

faculty will plll'll‘cipulc, Co-(fllzllr-
lhc Sludclll Personnel Office. Drop-
cr. Room 110.

MPH Mlll'gzircl Smith ‘57. and l‘i'ililli
’l‘hc icst, u three—hour exam, will

Mcliivoy, Juniors. wdl cslnnulc Lhclr
bc glvr-n Noyclllbcr 17. 1955. It pro-

rccci ring ollc point.

The Rivalry Committee is now
discussing dates for the womcn‘s
and men's baseball garlic which was
postponed last Saturday because of
lllclclllclil wcnthcl'.

Seniors, Grads
File For Degrees

All i'uli-llnlc Senior and (imdunlc
students who will bc eligible for :l
dcgrcc or ii (.‘i‘i’Llili'illl‘ by January.
June or August. 1956. will bc rc-
quircd lo filo rcglsirlition papcrs
willl lhc 'i'cuchcr Pllu’i'llll‘lii Bureau

cxpcllscs :lnd prcscnl lhcm lo (.‘oun-
cii ncxt wcck whcn n dulc will bc
sci.

HUM S,.y,,,,,m. I58! 15”“, m“. ,.,._ during (his currclll. scmcstcr, rc- I, l. . ' . g v_ I . ‘ _
illnccnlcnl lo lhc [(‘A Comnnllcc “W” E' C- M‘u'uwws' ml”. 1m.“ 90"th «M.Lh "“.""“““"“
'l'hl lilisld Uilllll (1 ilil ii if I [m (Humming (Ivu‘mwnb'
‘ "’.' 'i ' ,l) (' "S'li- ‘ v '
_ . I ’ Scnlors may sccurc rcglsirutlon
lullon “Illill was lo in plislnlcd .ll lmllyvrmL m,“ wwk‘ m Hum” 101

Outing Club Sponsors
Saturday Caving Trip

(in Sunday. October 2:. the Out-
ing Club will take ll CilVlilg‘ trip to
Clurkcsvlllc, which is located 15
lnilcs west of Albany. 'i‘llc approx-
imate cost of the trip. stalcs Sui,-

(‘ouncll hzld to hc posiponcd until
llcxl \vcck (inc lo lhc Incl tillll this
rcsolulion llii(l nol hccn clmnnclcd
through u rcgulllr dchllic council
lncclillg illl(l was lilcrciorc dccllll'cd
an illcgui rcsohlnon. 11 mil bc rol-
cd on by lhc (It‘llllll‘ group in il

(Dl'npi'l‘l according to lhc following
schcdulc: Monday. A lhrough D,
'l‘llcsdlly, iii—K, chncsduy, ll-l-l,
’l‘hursdlly, S, li'i'idlly. ’l‘-Z. The Hill-
lcl‘llli should bc rclurncd lit lhc
clll'llcsl collvcnlcllcc. 'l‘llc ncxl slop
ill thc rcgislrllllon proccdnrc Will he
“l”""“1 ““"'[”'l5 11”" “'Wk “ml “W” lhc colnplciion of illl inlcrrlcw With
brought to collllcll ncxl chncsdoy. “1,. “noun, “1- rlvpu Arrmmwmm
Mr Kclldig nlchd lhlli lhc l’l'csi- 1,”. “MTWWW Wm m. mum. Ml,“ llill‘lilllli‘t ‘55. President. is 75 cents.
dcni o1 lhc Sludcnl Assocluilon up— H“. “mining “n. erm.“ h, I)“. ’I‘hosc wishing to pilrliclpilic
point ii colnlnlllcc to work on the “ll-m. should meet. lircsscd ill old clothes,
1.1-udcrslnp (Hull'cl'cllcc lo lllkc pillcc id ill “.111. ill lllc lowcr lounge of
solncllnlc hclwccn 'i‘llilllilsgiving (irlldulrlc sludcllls Will bc rcznlcst- lirubuchcr.
and (llil'islllllis. 'l‘hls wars sccondcd cd lo sccurc registration material The climbing of Green Mountain
and pusscd. lhc ioliowing week. ill Vermont Is planned for the Lilith.

_ Vuwwgwymm‘ .. smash,  .-  - r - ‘

 

 

