  

 

 

 

PAGE 2

E Pluribus Unum .

We would like to thank Religious Clubs
and Debate Council for one of the best ideas
to alleviate the burden being put on social
calendar. With the increase of enrollment
there has been a subsequent increase in
organizations, all of which must schedule
meetings and related events.

It is the desire of Religious Clubs through
the Debate resolution to set up a definite
time at which six organizations, encompass-
ing all but a minute portion of State Col-
lege’s students, may meet without infring-
ing upon other interests of their member-
ship. Besides only requesting two nights a
month the Religious Clubs have further
limited the time of these two gatherings to
a one hour duration after which time (8:30
pm. by the resolution) any organization
may schedule events without having to
conflict with possible religious meetings.

There is the question, “Why Thursday
night?” That is simple. It has been an es-
tablished practice for the majority of the
clubs to meet that time. It has become sec-
ond nature to think of Thursday evening
when one mentions a Religious Club meet-
ing. Those who argue why not meet Sun-
day could think for a moment and then
they would realize it would be simpler to
the very few meetings with few members
that Religious Clubs are to move to Sun-

day evening.

The last point to be considered is, per-
haps, the most important. The opponents
argue that there would be no discrimina-
tion against a person if he chose to attend
a Religious Club meeting instead of Organi-
zation X. As college students we can not

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 21. 1955

. . State's Own Camp?

together, will

In Student Council meeting this week the
first step on the way to acquiring a Fresh-
man Camp was disclosed. A camp
been located near Lake George (details in
Student Council story, page 1). It is too
early to state whether or not this camp will
be suitable for the requirements of State
College, but even if it isn’t, the initiative
has been shown in the right direction. The
administration and students, by working

site has

weigh all possible points, pro

and con, on any site, in order to obtain the
very best. Naturally this is the only logical
procedure when one is working with such
a large amount of money on such an im-
portant and permanent matter.

We hope that both groups will continue
to work closely together on this matter and
if one is purchased, it is our conviction
that it should emcompass moneys from
both treasuries. This will make it truly a
school camp where both academic and rec-
reational programs may be held.

R.J.S.

 

most, but we

be expected to be this naive. If an opening

---eammm¢'caﬁaM---

To the Editor:

The Junior class, in an effort to
avoid the “Junior slump," is re-
vamping many of the old activities
which it is believed hindered the
success of past Junior classes.

In accordance with this, many
new ideas are being introduced and
events rescheduled. One of the new
ideas is a highly successful Junior
Prom. We feel that an outstanding
Junior Prom, in order to be a suc-
cess. needs first of all, a good name
band. For this reason. we con-
tracted for Teddy Wilson, one of the
better bands available for proms,
today. Members of the class have
spared no effort in other aspects of
the Prom, as well. Publicity, Decora-
tions, Programs, etc., everything will
be new, and we hope, better this
year.

Last year, the Junior class was
faced with the problem of keeping
the date of the Prom in February,
which has never proved too success-
ful, or of finding a new date. We
decided against rescheduling the
From in February. The spring and
the late fall were already taken up
with formals, and it was discovered
that early fall was the only time in
which we wouldn’t be competing
with other similar activities

In all our changes in plans, we
have taken into consideration other
school functions, and we sincerely
believe that their success will not
be hindered by our innovations

In this hope, and in our attempts
to further the Junior class, we feel
that in the long run, the school will
also be benefitted

Sara Jane Duffy
Michael Maxian
For the Junior class

To the Student Body:

This letter is neither a condemna-
tion nor a reprisal—take it for what
you will. What is State College? A
myth, a syinboi. a nothing? If one
considers the situation, he must
choose the latter. In contrast to the
emptiness of State, we search for
the vitality and strength of a col-
lege.

How shall we analyze State?
Where shall we begin? Let us arbit-
rarily pick an intricate force in most
colleges—sorority and fraternity life.
We see a jumble of Greek symbols
and exotic words before us. We can-
not go any further; we are unable
to go any further, since there is no
more. There is not one positive pro—
gram which we are able to examine.
The only tangible evidences of their

 

 

First Place CSPA
VOL. xxxx

()c tober 21, 195:")

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IBIO

BY THE CLASS OF I91.

Second Place ACP
No. 18

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from 7 to
ii p in. at 2-0320, lilxt. ll. Plioues‘ Cochranc. 2-7030; Swicrzowskl, 2-3744; (ioldstcln,

2-2012; Kcudig, fi-Oilzl.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York Btste College for Teachers:
published every Fridsy of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student

Association.
AluEN OOOIIBANE - - -
ESTHER GOLDH’I‘EIN ‘ - -
DAVID KENDIO - -

Itl’I‘A LAMISOOIJA - - -

MAltY ANN sCIlui'i‘TllA(Jill-:Ii

JOYCE MEYEIMIAN - - -
MAEOIA LAWEENOE - - -
MATTHEW os'roricu - - -
IICEAED SAUEE - - - -
sossru SWIEEZOWSKI - - -
DOItO’l‘IIY ItAHMUHHEN - - — -

JOHN KNAI’P - - - - -

- — lditer-ln-Chief
(lo-I'ubliu ltclutions Editor
Co-I'ulilic Itelistlons Editor

Co-liuslncss-Advcrtlsinl Editor
Uo-Itusinces—Advertising Editor
Circulation Editor

Associate Editor
Associate Editor
Associate Editor

-- Sports Editor
Senior Sports Editor

 

so." Photon-plus

All communications should be addressed to the editor and iliusi be signed. Names
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for

opinions expresse
necesssriiy reflect its views.

it in its columns or communications, as such expressions do not

W‘

 

occurs for advancement, those persons who
have shown their undivided attention will
receive the promotion. Also more impor-
tant than this is the obligation we owe to
each organization to which we belong. As
members we should participate to the ut—

should not neglect our reli-

gious obligations to ourselves, either.

Spiritual education, no matter what form
it may take, is as much a necessity to a
college student and future teacher as the
benefit derived from other secular activities.
There should be time for both.

R.J.S.

existence are the Greek symbols and
the exotic words.

However, an objective observer
might point out the fact that not
everyone at State is fortunate or
lucky enough to be a block in the
foundation of these empty shells.
What path shall we now take?

There should exist a common de-
nominator for each and every stu-
dent. We are all members of a stu—
dent body, one whose many func-
tions is to support our athletic
teams which represent us in our
associations with other colleges.

We were deeply aroused by the
deafening roar of the tremendous
throng that witnessed the Albany-
Plattsburg soccer game. However,
the roar came not from State root-
ers, and was not for the State team
—but rather from a band of nurses
from Albany Hospital whose only
affiliation with the team they root-
ed for was that they were residents
of the Plattsburg area.

The scanty group of State follow-
ers seemed overwhelmed and over-
shadowed by the great display of
life and vitality that was put forth
by these young ladies. Of course, in
defense of our school chums, it must
be said that Bleeeker Stadium is all
of a five or ten minute excursion
from their places of residence that
this noble institution has provided
for them.

Is it that State is afraid to exhibit
a heart and show that it is human?
Must we sacrifice our physical and
emotional natures and subordinate
them completely to INTELLEC~
TUAL activities. We will not even
attempt to give an answer.

State College is having a Home-
coming Weekend commencing on
November 4. Will it be another iii-
effectual farce as the previous ones
have been? We see another half-
bakcd iind half-hearted attempt in
this pitiful effort at putting over a
typical collegiate weekend,

There are so many other facets of
life here at State that if one closely
scrutinizes them, he will see the
same dismal failure of" the futile
efforts of a few. Can we not meas-
ure up to ANY other college iii any
respect aside from our academic nu—
tiirc'} Are we perpetually destined
to be second rate? We hope not!

Is it too much to ask our student
body to really get behind llonic-
coining Weekend? Could we not iii-
novatc such new ideas as a parade
of floats from every organization as

(Continued on Page a, Column U

 

 

 

  

    

 

By TINAPP and DEVINE

  

"Tis an idiot told by a tale,
Full of nothing, signifying sound and fury."

WONDERFUL, WASN'T IT?

For once, contrary to our expected themes of complaint and criticism,
we extend our sincerest congratulations to Betty Van Vlack and Pat
Hall for running the most successful Campus Chest ever—$1,291.15. But
credit also must fall upon you—the College—for your individual contri-
butions, each of which. whether small or large, helped amass this total.
But this goes much further, much deeper than Campus Chest as an iso-
lated case in point. For it shows that, given good leaders and a worth-
while goal, this student body is capable of a unity, a drive, and a co-
operation which extends far beyond our usual daily existence. It is the
cooperation and desire for achievement that turns an institution from
an inconsistent mass into a power to be reckoned with. We're on the
right track this time. Let's all get aboard!

AIN'T IT A SHAME!

We understand that the SL8 men are getting burned up because of
the lack of a ﬁre escape for their new house. Anyone for ﬁddling?
iApproved by R.R.V.i

MUSIC, MUSIC, MUSIC . . .

May we make a humble suggestion in regard to the library proced-
ures? Getting an after hours urge to absorb some Beethoven of an eve-
ning, we hiked 17 miles to Hawley in sleet and rain, only to discover
that the guardian of the treasured disCs was not on duty this particular
night. Surely for the aid and abetment of such frustrated music lovers
as ourselves, twu librarians could be trained in this esoteric art of ﬁling.

BEWITCHED, BOTIIERED, AND BEWILDERED . . .

Are you lost? Stolen? strayed? Do you want to know wha' hoppen'
to your roommate? Where the activity rooms are? How to ﬁnd the ping
pong tables? Well then, hurry, hurry. hurry, step right up to the Informa-
tion Desk that SUB has set up inside Bru's front door to help you solve
these "earth shaking" problems. Oh, yes, they're also there to keep the
hoods from wreaking havoc in the halls.

GIMME THAT OLD TIME RELIGION . . .

It may s‘tuprise seine of our readers that we two old atheists arc
in favor of such a move, but we understand that a motion is in progress
by Debate Council to the effect that one hour every other week on
Thursday evening be set aside for religious club meetings. It certainly
doesn't seem to us that this should meet with very much opposition.
but what do you bet we'll be surprised? Unfortunately Debate Council
neglected to have this passed at a regular meeting and therefore Stu-
dent Councll refused to accept it. Now Phyllis, let's keep it legal! But
better luck next week.

NOAII . . .

According to Richard Saucrs, Varsity Club's debut into the World 01'
Jazz was “real gone." It's too bad the flood kept all but the expert
swimmers marooned in their domicilcs. Do try again in the dry season.
Well, didn't it rain!!!

QUESTION OI" THE WEEK . . .

When will nominations open for head waiter at next week‘s Student

Council meeting???

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. ()("I‘OBI‘IR 2i
10:00 am. Connncrco Club in Draper Annex, Room l40.
0:00-10:30 pm. Sophomore Dance at Bi'ubachcr.

SATURDAY. ()("l‘OlllClt 22

12 noon-4 pm. Distribution of '55 Pedagogue, llooic 7, Briibachcr.
7:00 pin-0:00 pm. Open House at Briibachcr.

9 p.m.-12 midnight Dance at Brubuchcr.

SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23

10:00 ii.in. Outing Club, assemble for caving trip to Clnrkcs-
ville in lower lounge at Brulnichci'.

Open House at Pierce Hull and South Hall.

Open House at Saylcs Hull.

Society of Critical ’l‘hought meeting at Cluiiiiiing
Hall of Unitarian Church.

Canterbury Club meeting ut St. Andrew's Church.

 

2:00 [Hit-5:00 pm.
2:30 i).lll.-5ZUU pm.
3:00 pm.

7:30 pm.

’l‘liliZSliAi’, ()("l‘OliIClt 25
7:.i0 pin. Psychology (.‘lub liiccting at liriibiichcr llull. lilil-
word it. li‘ugiiii, guest speaker.

WlilliNNlih‘liAY. ()("I‘Oltlillt 20
71.30 pm. liillcl tin-cling at liruhuchcr llilll.
7:.i0 p.m. Outing (thin Will show lliili’li'h iii lirubiichcr llull.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27

7:30 Nil. lVCli' meeting at Ei'ubachcr Hall.

7:30 pm. Kappa Phi Kappa meeting at lil'ubiiclicr l-lull. Wiil—
laci- ’l‘aylor, guest speaker.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 21. 1955

\PAGE 3

 

 

The Matter Or Mobs

 

This year I have noticed a great
deal of activity in the school. Stu-
dents have been signing up on ac-
tivity sheets throughout the school
and dorms. Even though the crowds
brought on by the increase of stu-
dents are overwhelming, the prob-
lem has been systematically solved
through these sign-up sheets.

On Mondays you can sign up for
your place in the lunch line on Fri-
day to eat in the Milne cafeteria.
Impress your future students. Sign
up for your time to read the posters
and runners in the peristyles; your
chance to see Minerva; your shoe-
box—the latest thing ‘ii lockers;
your fling at the cash register in the
Co-op.

You can sign up for your 10 min-
utes in the Commons when you can
place your one note in the Student
Mailboxes; sinoke your one ciga-
rette; milk the milk machine.

Because of crowded classrooms
sign up for your seat in the front
row. Get to see your professor. Also,
bring an apple to class with you. If
the teacher won't take it, cut it in
half and sit on it. When marking
period comes, sign up for your slot
in the IBM machine. Sign up for
your seat in the library and your
turn to get out the door.

In the dorms sign up on Tuesday
for a show on Saturday. If you
know you will have to sit on the
floor in classes, make sure that the
time you sign up to do your laundry
coincides with that day. Also, sign
up for your plate at dinner, and

Program Features
Hypnotism Lecturer

The Psychology Club program
committee in its meeting of Tues—
day evening announced that Edward
R. Fagan, Supervisor of English at
the Milne School, will speak next
Tuesday evening at 7:30 pm. in
Bi'ubuclier Hall on the subject of
"Hypnotism," discloses Erik Buck
‘57, President of the club.

Mr. Fagan received his BS. and
MS. degrees i'roin the University of
Wisconsin and joined the staff of
the Milne School in 1953. The pro-
gram will also include a demon—
strntion.

The Psychology Club offers pro-
grams of interest in the ﬁeld to all
members of the student body.

Communications . . .
Minn/inn: il from Pug/4 2, (.‘qunm .t/

is done in many other colleges?
Could we not have a pep rally for
our soccer team? They are ours, you
know!!! Could we not have close to
100’; attendance at the track and
field cVeiits? Why can't each of us
back every Homecoming function to
the hilt? We could. but we won't.
After all, we cannot participate
FULLY in a college event. It would
break up our dull and boring rou-
tine. Wc must realize that we are
not ii (:iillcgi‘~»WE ARE AN IN-
S'FlTUTlON!!!
(iUNG-HO
Dear Student,

Campus Chest is over for another
war and Wi‘ both want to say it
sincere thank-you to the faculty
and students of State College. This
year we really feel as if everyone
contributed and worked together to
send the USS. Good Will on a
"Bon Voyage."

Those who really deserve our
gratitude lll'i' our solicitors, our
committee chairmen and those who
did the minute and tedious commit-
icc work. The advice and encour—
ugiincnt of our faculty :idvisor, Dr.
Colby, helped us both plan and car-
ry through the campaign.

To llli‘ many people who gave
their nickcls repeatedly ill the calc-
lt‘l'lil, ultcndcd the Dance and coli-
Il'll)lll.i'il, we once again say thank-
you.

We hope next year‘s
Chest (‘oinniilicc will enjoy the
sninc coopci'ulion and spiril which
we feel we rccclvcd man the lac—
uily and lhc students.

Sincerely,
Put "all ’57
Itctty Van Vlack '57

_ By ENID VIGILANTE

, I l
(yuiiipllh

 

your chance to go home for a week-
end.

Activity-wise, you can pick your
square foot of dance ﬂoor at the
Junior Prom. Make sure you sign up
for the spot you'd most like to
dance on. Sign up for your chance
to see a freshman; your seat on the
scaffolding in Page. Get a sky view
of Moving Up Day next spring.

As far as student-faculty rela-
tions go, you can sign up for a
place in the President's Reception
line. At faculty teas and receptions
don‘t be shy or bashful. Get behind
them and push. You can also sign
up for your souvenir brick from the
houses being torn down on Western
Avenue.

The Watchbird is watching you.
Have you been selfish: Have you
signed up for a seat in class and in
the library? Have you been too
rah-rah?——gone overboard and sign-
ed up for too many activities and
then found you don't have the time
to ﬁll your seats and obligations?
Our motto is: Never an empty seat.
Utilize your time and the sign-up
sheets and overcrowdedness will not
overcome State College!

Local DE Club

Sponsors Clinic

The Fourth Annual Sales Clinic
centering on the theme, “Salesman—
ship—A Dynamic Force in Distrib-
ution” will be sponsored by the Dis-
tributive Education Club and the
Distributive Education classes at
Albany State next week, October 24-
28. Professor of Merchandising, Reno
S. Knouse, announces that the clinic
will be located in the merchandising
laboratory, Room 147 of the Draper
Annex.

Various guest speakers are sched-
uled to address prospective teachers
of merchandise subjects each day
throughout next week. The clinic‘;
purpose is to provide the opportu-
nity for future teachers to obtain
valuable benefits from the vast ex-
perience and training of leaders who
have excelled in the field of selling.

According to Erwin Horowitz,
President of the Distributive Educa-
tion Club, the following speakers
will be presented: Statton L. Rice,
General Agent of Equitable Life of
Iowa, will present, “Selling as a
Career," on Monday, October 24, .l
pm. Tuesday, October 25, at 2 p.m..
Clement P. Becker, who is Sales
Manager of McKesson and Robbins,
Inc, will speak about “Problems in
Distribution." Hurry Suthers, Sales
Manager of Edward A. Purcell d:
Co. will make his address Wednes-
day, October 26, at 3 p.m., concern—
ing “Modern Sales Techniques.” On
Thursday, October 27, at 2 pm,
Gustav Koschorrcek, who is Man-
ager of Dunn and Bradstreet, Inc.,
will lecture on “Credit's Role in

Distribution." Albany Felt Coin—
pany's Assistant Sales Manager,
James E. Smith, will talk about

“Sales Management" on Friday, Oc-
tol'n‘l' 28, at 3 p.m.

K Phi K Forms

Sister Branch

Wulliicc 'i‘uylor, Assistant Profes-
soi' in Education, will address an
open inccliiig sponsored by Kappa
Phi Kappa 'i'hiii'sday, October 27, .11
8:30 pm. in Brubiichi-r's upper
lounge. Dr. Taylor will speak nhoul
some of the experiences cncountcrcd
while he was with the Army Depen-
duni School Syslcin lll (lei'iminy, ac—
cording to Murvni (Ioidstein '56,
President oi' State's chapter oi' this
Niilioinil Education i'i'iitcrnily.

(loldsieiii also announced lliut a
chapter of Kappa Delta Epsilon is
being formed lil Stale. This shall be
the sister sorority of Kappa Phi
{apple Any girl interested lil be-
coming a charter member is invited
to attend the aboVi- mentioned open
meeting Prior to this, a business
nil-cling for members. .‘illll'l.llll.’, at
7:30 p.m.. shall be held in lii'ubuch-
er. At this time pictures of the
brothers Will be taken i'or publica-
tion in The. Open Book.

l . KW Kai/mt ISOroritics Hold Pledge Servicer‘
Initiation, Weekend Faculty Teas

By JOHN REINERS
Success Story at Palace

Jane Wyman is queen of the oil
ﬁelds in a work called Lucy Gallant.
Everyone stands around knee deep
in oil, while Jane rises to power,
position, prestige and money, only
to realize that Char'ton Heston was
the only thing she really wanted all
along. You've probably run across
this story before. Claire Trevor and
Thelma Ritter add their talents.

Sin at Strand

This week the Strand features
Phenix City Story, a travelogue of
America's wickedest city. The crooks
move in and take over the town.
Dens of iniquity ﬂourish where
gambling, dringing, and other un-
printable things go on at a fabu-
lous rate. Even the Attorney-Gen-
eral gets rubbed out when he tries
to stop the dirty things. Justice,
however, triumphs. The militia
moves in and restores order. The
stars are John McIntire, Richard
Kiley and Kathryn Grant.

Western at Madison

Tn The Man from Laramie, Jim—
my Stewart plays Sir Galahad on
horseback. Indeed he doesn't kill
anyone, but I suppose there will
still be enough gunplay and excite—
ment to make the evening worth-
while for some.

French Wit in 349

On Thursday evening, October 27.
the International Film Group will
feature a satire on modern society.
If you ﬁnd fault with the world.
why not come and laugh at it for
awhile. The picture is he Million.
directed by Rene Claire.

IIoldovers

The.Dela\vare—~Thc Private War
of Mayor Benson—held over another
week—don't ask mo why.

Sororities on State's campus have
initiated twelve and pledged nine
during the past week.

Thomasina Pagan '56, President
of Chi Sigma Theta, announces that
these four girls have been initiated:
Janet Mack, Arlene Murphy, Mar-
tha Ross, Sophomores; Lois John-
son ’57.

The alumni banquet of Gamma

Kappa Phi will be held on October
22, announces Jane Whitehurst ’56,
President. Clarice Coleman '57, and
Marie Ramroth. Wilma Harding,
Mildred Meisswanger, Christine Di-

Frosli Election
Nominees Open

Nominations for all freshman of-
fices, which began yesterday at the
freshman class meeting, will close.
today at 4 p.m.. according to Miss
Beatrice Engelhart ‘56, Chairman
of the Election Committee. Declin—
ations will be accepted no later than
Monday. at 4 pin.

The freshmen will vote for their
officers on Thursday and Friday.
November 3 and 4. Contrary to voi-
ing procedure in recent years, this
year's candidates will be elected by
an absentee ballot, rather than a
ballot taken during assembly.

Nominees for class president and
Student Council representatives
must take an examination on the
school constitution. The test will be
given on Tuesday, October 25, at 4
and 7:15 p.m.. and on Wednesday.
October 26, at the same times. The
rooms for the exam will be posted
by Monday.

Failure to paSs the constitutional
test will disqualify a candidate.

Norcia, Leyden Wells, Sophomores,
have pledged.

Susan Russell, Charlotte Norton,
and Sybil Meyer, Sophomores, have
been initiated Kappa Delta, an-
nounces Barbara Salvatore ’55,
President. The Faculty Tea will be
held this Sunday from 3 to 53m.
General chairman for the event is
Patricia Burke ’57. Other commit-
tees are: Refreshments, Jean Kubas;
Arrangements, Joan Lopat, Seniors;
Invitations, Mary Jane Meara ’57.

Eleanor Bogan ’56, President of

Sigma Phi Sigma, announces that
the following girls have been in-
itiated: Rima Krisberg and Ellen
Lieberman, Sophomores.

Phi Delta‘s President, Jean Hal-
lenbeck ’56, announces that the fol-
lowing have been formally initiated:
Gail Brozman '57, [and Lillian Jew-
ett, Barbara DeFrancis, Sophomores.
Barbara Ehlers '57, Joan Teleski and
Marie Betros, Sophomores, have
pledged. Committees for the Faculty
Ten to be held Sunday are: Food,
Marilyn House '56, Nancy Schneid-
cr ‘57; Pre-clean-up, Lee Hazelton
’58; Arrangements, Helen Taylor ‘57;
Post-clean-up. Joan Van Dusen '57;
Pouring, Jean Hallenbeck ’56. Open
House for Statesznen will be held on
October 28.

Psi Gamma will hold its Faculty
Tea on October 23 from 2 to 5 p.m..
announces Evelyn Neumeister ’56.
Committees are: General Chairman,
Elizabeth Murray; Refreshments,
Barbara Douglas, Seniors; Arrange-
ments, Norma Pishko; Invitations,
Patricia Kennedy; Clean-up, Rita
Scursaletta, Sophomores.

Beta Zeta has pledged Dorothy
Kousgarian. Mary Ann Kuskowski,
and Robin Roy, Sophomores, an-
nounces Patricia Atwood ’56, Presi-
dent.

 

HAVE YOU
SEEN THE

NEW

BRUSHEO
WOOL
JAOKETS

_/_
Do You

Know

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i .
 ‘1‘"iflllii'ilii‘i'i‘l'll‘
.lm iii. ...; .H, ..i i
,li't iii: :::: Ill; Sill
.ili.i......l . .y llillliiiliHl . _.
.... i..i.li... lllllli|.illllll
iii "L; . ' i_. ~
Drop into our slorc lodoy...ihumb through a Barnes VJmSI‘Yﬁm'COLLEGvE'i
8. Noble Collcqe Ouiline covering any of v“ir course: ,L 1'
.iioie ili iiiuoly (ooipntineu . . . ils ii-iliiig paragraphs

.iis iiiwspspcilaiae efficiency in liigliligliiiiiq csseniiols
and pulling iho slow over. You ll be amazed ilic so much
(on be got info so litlc spine (CW-1c Ouilinci are lhe ,

boil high marks IilsUIUIHt' CI.”

for exumi now!

Barnes 8r Noble
E

(iii

the CO-OP has

A Pet) Repair Service
A Developing Service
An Imprinting Service
A Competitive College Ring which can be individually ordered

A Line. of Toiletries

-- w"‘\ ilmm

"ji'iE t.....iii Stairs-

  
  

' I .
OILI

 

 

*

Only 45 OO-OP Days lo Ohrisimas

 

 

 

‘ a ' .4 ~‘-:-

 

