PAC. I

Feites Attentionl

Today in Assembly the Better Government Committee
will present its suggested amendments to the Student
Association Constitution for consideration by the Assem-
bly. The proposed amendments may be found on page
four of this issue. These changes and revisions represent
many long months of hard work by this committee and de-
serve the full attention of the Assembly.

In revising this very involved constitution, the corn-
mittee has deleted many obsolete parts, reworded ambig-
uous phrases, and added essential provisions. They found
that much of the Constitution was out of date, necess1tat-
ing the removal of many irrevelant sections and the ad-
dition of new, up—to-date sections. Appropriate changes
were made concerning duties presently assumed by of-
ficers or organizations under the constitution, and not
included in it, and others provided for, but not being

fulfilled.

ork accom lished by the committee shows
thougﬂi? a‘rld much effgrt, for which the Association owes
them thanks and praise. This reviSion and refurbishing of
the constitution may bring an interested and ambitious
audience to this week’s Assembly, for a change.

A Widening Grin . . .

SMILES is one of the many organizations on campus
with an inadequate staff and membership, but in this
case, a large membership is necessary to keep the organi-
zation active. The purpose of SMILES, as stated in its con-
stitution, is “to provide services to the community, pri-
marily through leadership of children in established Homes
and institutions throughout the community.” It is Vir-
tually impossible to provide leadership without leaders,
which is SMILES’ one big complaint.

The people who have attempted to reorganize and
rejuvenate this previously inactive group, have done a
commendable job with their Christmas party outside work,
and drafting a workable constitution. But they can’t car-
ry the burden by themselves. More interested workers are
needed immediately.

It seems logical to assume that many students would
be interested and willing to work with sucha worth-
while, beneficial organization as this, espeClally in View of
the fact that this is a college preparing future teachers,
who are going to have to work with and teach children
before very long. It is disappointing to learn that out of
1,738 students, only 50 are participating in SMILES’ ac-
tivities. These activities at the Albany Home for Children
and the Clinton Square Neighborhood House are very im-
portant to the children who are on the recelvmg end. They
look forward to seeing us and welcome us eagerly. By help-
ing the children, directing their activities and working
with them, we are helping ourselves to attain a better
understanding of children as well as valuable teaching
experience.

SMILES is having a reception Tuesday in Brubacher
Upper Lounge for all people interested in working With
them. We hope to see you there.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IQIB

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSPA
VOL. XXXX

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from ’1 to
if pm. at 2-3326. Ext. 11. Phones: Cochrane. 2-1030; Luft 2-0812; Bwierzowski 2-37“;

Ooldsteln 2-26126; Lackey 3-0217; Moore, 2-3326.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers;
published every Friday of the College yar by the NEWS Board for the Student

First Place ACP
March 11, 1955 No. 6

our: contest news. FRIDAY. MARCH ii. ious

60W
Et tu Brute?

To the Editor:

There's the expression “Do you
live in a barn?" for those people
who don’t close doors after them.
but what's the one for those people
who put ashes on the ﬂoor. feet on
the furniture, and have no qualms
at necking in public?

Granted that psychologists allow
a stage for adolescents to become
rather "Bohemian," but let's not
carry it to the extremes.

Obviously this is all in relation
to the conduct of the offenders of
the “Student Union Board Rules.”
The rules are posted though it docs
seem unnecessary since most of them
are common sense that should come
to intelligent college people. Why
not make the whole situation more I
Pleas‘mt and do away With the new “I’ve ﬁnished grading your mid-sem tests and I’m afraid I was a
for police badges in the budget by “me disappointed!»
following the rules of courtesy that
apply in all public places.

Embarrassed!

DIG or GDI?

To the Editor:

The policy of the State College
News is rather consistently not only
pro GDI. but also con fraternities You are there

(and sororitieS)' for anyone interested there will be a special Conservation ﬁeld trip.

AS you" Editorial 0f Maren 421955! Hip boots will be a necessity and all people interested ill ruining a
suggeSts' {ratermﬁes are (195";de beautiful lawn should come. You exit at the Hawley Peristyle. turn right.
for the 300"“ beneﬁt and enjoyment and observe the plot of ground which was once a “campus.” and at it
Of mammals Within the group- It later date a parking lot; at the present time. it would suffice for either.
is obvious by the continued exist-

f f‘ ternlties on cam us that Organization ' p I
tall]ng odolaperform this Function. Word has reached us (we are not cinbroidering on the FACTS this

' - re, the are nod for those time) but. we understand that the All College Revue. is shaping up
iﬂgleffgel the yneed in such rela— slowly. However. by Marcll 19 it should bewhipped up into good order
tionships, and a fine show will be in store for us. We‘re planning to go. why

Consistent slamming of fraterni- dont you-
ties is based not on the over-all pic- Under Discussjon
ture of the EXiStlllg Situation. bus Conclave held to discuss the need for it new type of government
on a few instances that are “11' since we are moving out of Page. Cool heads prevailed and it was de—
fortunate. cided to look for a new location. rather than set up a haphazard gov-
Since flaws are characteristic of ernment in a few meetings. Temporary unavailability of Page seems
humans; is it not reasonable that like all odd criteria for a new type of government.
groups of indivdiuals have ﬂaws? In Answer of the week
an indwidual We overloc’k the ﬂaws We asked it. so now we'll answer it. "What did heaven send?" The
“1 favor or the toml CharaCter and Queen of the Junior Pi‘cm. It seems that the general public has not been
Personality; Can't it be the same for sufﬁciently informed along this line. The Queen of the Junior Prom
wwruies and fraternities? was Gladys Cook . . . and a lovely queen she is.

Sincerely

' Somebody bad stole the I
An "meme Greek bulletin board from Brubacher Hall. No one knows what‘s going
on where or when. It seems that it was pilfered (stolen) sometime be-
tween 7:00 and 8:30 one dark morning. Would the proud pl'osseSsor

KW  please return it . . . no questions will be asked.

. , 1. ' , . , ._, . . in 1‘“-

DAvxs Guess what? Tile Idts of March inc upon us . . . and we begin t
By CLIFF budget hassle . . . again. For the fresh. this is something new; for the

It's swallowed up a mass of Acad- Sophomores. you've been through it before; for the dimiors, you're going
emy Awards. it’s gulped up a small to be paying student tax next year; for the Seniors... you're not. For
part of those who want to see it EVERYONE the budgets are important . . . attention is paramount.
here in Albany it‘s a must for you E . . .

- .  xchange commisSlon . ' '
to see' Its “‘8 country Gm:  bubbling over with information . , . patiently waiting to be heard.
ind not take Cinemnscope, “01 ,dlc As yet they haven‘t had a chalice to enthuse on their trip but when
u take the beauty or 00101. to Shaw they do we can assure you that the news will come as somewhat u
the thrmlgs' Jusr’ the besE m mama. shock to the student body and to student government. It seems that they
7m "1016' no less‘ The “mm! has are a little ahead (about sixteen years) of us in government and various
It for you' activities. Don‘t feel too discouraged though. for the Buffalo students

This Show Will mommy pus“ 3“" were impressed during their stay here . . . by. of all things. our aca—
“‘3 C’y 0‘” 0f the “"1 “ex: Week- demic airs and our publicity in the perlstyle, There were other things
Thre laSt’ Telhumgglpgzzisogg 01:11: that they were impressed by but
a our wee r n. . _

Excellent ided .

The Words OUt- The “mom town congratulations are in order for the sororities on Culllplls‘lm‘ the
an” "‘1le a‘bo‘“ the Jones, boy! fine work they have done in keeping the Commons clean. This is ll flnc
eTilmerELtheg’i’m Whoogmﬁanulalggr example and let us NOT forget it.

ie eec ve. caus . - .

Production ‘
home f“ fun .m” we De'W‘W Sic tonight and tomorrow night will be the theatrical weekend at State
mi: $1621; 5,?th m l: thnglweem' College. Don't miss “Girls in Uniform.“

ow a e on; ray ne .,.,.,
figlpofgurpgivecrheugéCkizzu332:? How smart werc the Sophomores?
Hlara’s name with it, mix well with $111511][ﬁxedﬁtgigﬁg m n bus.)
Technicolor. add the setting of West a" t l ‘ ‘ ‘
Poliit, put the icing in Cinemuscope
and you have a nice iliorsel of en-
tertainment. Here at the Palace for
all who can't be squeezed into the

‘ College Calendar

Tile Silver Chalice! Sir Galahad FRIDAY, MARC" H
looked for it. Maybe you are. too.

 

 

 

Gama-state’s

By LEIN & McEVOY

   

 

 

 

Lest we forget

 

 

. . :' . . " 'rs in infirm." Pn'c Hall.
woommn' if so. head for the Madison. Piper 8 ‘30 pm 011 U ‘ 5
MLEBN GOCHMNE - - - - - - - - - “norm-9"“! Laurie and Rory (hey! that sA'rUluiAr. MARC" 12
CAROL ANN "WE." ' ' ‘ ' ' ' ' ' P’uhuo   rhymes!) Calhoun star in Dawn at 7:30 pin. iVCF Arcii Rally, Brubuchcr.
Eg'xggll‘tsoli’llgllsA'llMN - - - ~ - - Business-Advertising Impu- Socorro. co-hlt. v 8:30 pm. “Girls 111 Unilorm.“ Pugc Hull.
glzglnlc'tlillgsfbus '- '- '. '. '. '. '. . 3:333:33: gill: RCCU‘VW‘ W01“ “"1”, “l’f‘cilul {10" sunnav. Million 13
RONALD LACK“ ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' “"W" “m” (“wed mm; “mum you”) m N” 3-6 pm. SiinCS Hull Open House. 1'79 Partridge.
JOANNE Moon - - - - - - - - - Consultant Editor Broadway play. [he Dark ls Light 730 ) News, [3mm MCCUHB meum”
“A” M LAWRENCE ' ' ' ‘ ' ' ' ' T'Wf‘f Em': Enough. starring Katherine Cornell ‘ H“: ‘ ‘ ‘ ' ' -
gﬁaﬁlfnwsgljlﬁucn . : : : : .I : I I ganja: m.:, and the actor on the local scene 'rmcslmy, MARC" 15
Chinoiin news - - - - - - - - . - P'eéiturp listl‘lum' non rI‘yi-onc Power;i Tins isru milil~l 4.00 In” SCA 14mm.“ Chum] SWWW’ ummmm Chum.“
man" sw'mzowsm . I ' - I . ' ' u D.” ‘ n l” ln'o‘lucuon' “'1 he 0 or w 7:30 ).ill. SMILES Reception. Brubiiclii-r.
ARNOLD NEWMAN - - - - - - - - Junior Sports Editor the next few Weeks. . l
DOROTHY BASMUBEKN - e - - -

JOHN “APP - ~ - - - - . . .

All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Names . _ x u
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for bill) be picscntcd lit [lit box office ( I
opinions expressed in its columns or communications, as such expressions do not way down the river there in Now .lli.ln,--ip.ln.

necessarily reflect its views.

3"" "‘“UWM' Scat selections have been reduced swamp,”

‘ Hill for So, ‘ ‘
‘ ' “"1" 8”". “not Diviii"——seize the moment! WEDNESDAY. MMH“ ll)

"Ciirpc I
Absentcc Voting for Myskiinili itcpluccincnt, lowcr iJriich
THURSDAY. MAlit‘ll i7

Absentee Voting for Myhkllldii itcpliiccmciit. lowvr Drain”?
Canterbury Club. Bi'ubuclicr.

$1.05. Student Identification Cards

York, or you can write for them at: 7:30 p.111.
ANTA Theater. 245 W. 52nd St. (Or- 7:30 pin. IVCF‘. Bl'lllnicllci‘.

 

W’

chestra seats: $4.05; Mezzanine: 7:30 pin. inuerinitioniii Film Group movie “The Childhood of Max-
;355). iui Gul‘kl." Draper 310.

 

 

  
  

i.
,r.
4

'~ wot-up

L ':  NEW; 55’94‘3 :"5‘9" r“- 4.9”

News Views:

    

:m‘ . I’ll

 

 lMySleania To Conduct

Joseph Leese. Professor of Educa-

tion. participated in the annual V F V 8
Conference of the Association for t t t
Supervision and Curriculum Devei- o e  a c a n e .
opmellt lnl Chicago Saturday to
Thursday  Myskania is holding replacement Ronald Lackey: -
Edward Cowley; ‘Assoclate Profes- elections for the vacant seat on the Scholastic Average, 2.93; Publica-
iordiof Digit in the RainediSchool and Honorary Judicial Board this Wed- “0118: State College News. Sopho-
y a urray are a en ng the 00- more Reporter (2); Desk Editor (3);
lumbiii Scholastic Press Conference “may “‘1 “mm” by absentee Editor-in-Chief (4); Class: 'Junlor
at Columbia March ‘10 to 12. They bani“- Thls seat was made vacant Prom, Decorations and Tickets (3):
will be accompanied by 17 Milne by the resignation of Charles Beck- Press Bureau: Member (3); R8118-
students. with ’55 as President of Student AS- ious Clubs: Canterbury Club (1, 2, 3)
Dr. Edward P. Adkins, Director of sociation. Publicity Director.

Education. addressed the teachers
of the Pashley School District on The. candidates for the 13°Slt10“ “mm” Mullen:
March 7 on the subject “Profession- mm“ “1059 recommended by Mys' Scholastic Average. 3.15: student
alization of Teaching." Dr. Adkins km“ and “059 “0"”de by Stu- Association: Election Commission
was also member of a panel which dent Assocmtlon- (3); Class! Publicity Director (I);
discussed the subject “Federal School ‘ , - Big FOUI‘ (1); Sports: Ultra-mural
radio program. “Time to Inquire". elude. ball (1. 2. 3); Other: All State Day,
on Thursday, March 10. ' Co-Chairman (3).

Dr. A. Harry Passow, a graduate Charles Beclrwith: Marilyn wmschem

Of State COllege' has been named Scholastic average 278‘ Student

 0216:9201:th lEdutfiatloAn at Association: President (4), Vice- Asssgggaﬂ? Agﬁfggh 3'lc5lmStild‘fm

under raduateghe ‘vazunl'fe  star; President (3), Exchange Program: (3). Campu's Chest Omaha”: 53 0’;

Studegt Asso-i t, D S If“ 0 Delegate to Plattsburg (2), Chair- Dm’m (3). Jun, ' G M 2an3°_

M , ca 10"» a mem 51' or man of Exchange Committee (3); ' ’ . or, u es, ( ’ )'
yskania' and chairman of a Stu- ICA Conference Delegate (a) News Columnist (4), Class. Student

dent Committee to join with the Freshman Camp (3,. Program D1; Council (1. 2); Assembly Seating

Alumni ill raising money to furnish - -- Chairman (2); Rivalry Sports (1' 2);
a Brubﬂcher Lounge 111 sayles Hull.   SIJOI'tIS: Hockey (1, 2. 3); Basket-
At the request of the State Edu_ Dance (3). state Fair Set/-1“) CO- ball ll, 2): Softball (1); 
Guam)“ Depitl'tment'i Daniel E. Grif' Ordinator ’(3): All College Recep- (I): WAA Representative (1)'
mth Assocmte meessor 0f Educa' tioil Entertainment Committee (3)'
Lion. has been placed Oil leave to Jumor Guides (2 3)- Class. Bit;
35mm“ leadersmp 0f the Cooper“' Four: Co-Chairman of Sets. (1)0   
“VG ,DFVGIOPm‘ml’ 0f PUbllC 3011001 Script Committee (‘2); Activities
Admlmstl'allon- Day Skit (2); Campus Day Skit  d I B
(2); Moving-Up Day Skit (2):   I‘I 
 d  I, . D&A Council: Affiliate (l); Mem-
en 5 a e, ber (2. 3). At a meeting of Inter-Fraternity
. Counci Wednesday evening in Bru-
  N‘l“ MCEVOY . ' bacher. freshmen appeal cases were
Student AssCClatlon: Junior heard, and constitutional revisions
Guides (1. 2. 3). Chairman (3); Di- were diseus.:ed and voted upon.
woman who has come from a proud rectory Staff (2. 3); Homemaking
nation to study our teehing methods Weekend (3); All State Day (3); CUStel‘ QlliCk '55. PFESident of
and ultimately to make the long Athletic Hospitality Committee (3); Inter-Fraternity Council. states that
Vol/38“? home again. She is Hyuh Campus Chest (3); Newspaper 001- three letters or appeal were Present'
Sliuk Shin and her proud nation is umnist (4); Class: Student Board ed to the comm“ reg“de the “3'
Korea. of Finance. Secretary (3) and Chair- leasmg and "0mm Of fraternity bids
Through the efforts of the Amer- man (4L  three immicumr cases Of
ican-Korean Foundation she has ob-  - - - 45 mlty havmg occurred m the
tain'xd a scholarship which to her The; qimlmcamolls for the Stuaent blddm‘u procedure" All three appeals
is priceless. Miss Shin realizes her 3251322310“ candldates nomlmted wew tumed down.
task; Oil her shoulders and the Quick also urges members of Stu-
ls)houllder Dig others isf theI batck- [GI . I dent Association to attend Council
rea {lllg usiness o e uca iilg ' I U F meetinis. which ar
youths who have known the sight  s n   states {that the Couifcilollllll' 11:16:23?
of war. Thursday. and is appreciative of any
recommendations or suggestions.

(Continued from Page 1, Column 4/

The Costuming will be supervised ,
by Karol Clifford. Gertrude SHOW Constitutional revisions were com-
Ski, Juniors; Miss Cougnn. Barbara pleicd. including provision for the
Bailey '57, and Miss Gade. Ful.m_ set—up of Inter-Fraternity Council
ture alid Properties will be provided 1"" “em you”: PreSidentv Kappa
by Miss Vimincrsteadt. Theodore Ped- BOW» ViCC'Pl'e-‘ident. Sigma Lamb-
erson and Barbara Hungerford. (“l 519111113 Treasurer. Edward E1-
After the war MiSS Shin was cllos- Sophomores. (“Cd Potter 0111b: alld Secretary.
en to come to Skidmore College to , , All)”l Pl Alllhﬂ. This System of of-
Supplemem studies in English She Make-Lip will be applied by: ficers runs on a rotary basis.
spoke no English before this; now M15385 Ste“) mm van Orden' “3' .
her diction would make any States- Slsted by M1555 Mmmhan' Hughesi The ptlrposes of IFC are to “’is
man envious. This, actually. is her Mueller'SChne‘der' mid. Slmngm‘ coolmmuon among a” {ratemmes'
Sixth your 0,. college. though Skid_ The Business and PubliCity is being to Promote a1111813113 l‘emtiOnS among"
more served mostly as an orienta- hauqled by Betty Van Vluck and me students of the college' and to
inf" juilior collene where Miss Shin Mariel Cal'blone. Sophomores. The establish and enforce uniform reg—
a' D Cunnnlttce is comprised 01’; Miss ulations for rushing and other fra—

could pick up the customs of an a . -
. . , Stronskl. li‘.‘  - ' l ' i -' '
alien nation more quickly. R61 ms and M15” Stem" mm L" Mtlvmes'

To receive her degree she began
her studies iii Seoul at Ewha Uni-
versity. This was before the out-
break of the war. The Communists
invaded. and she and 3.000 other
students ebbed with the impending
tide.

 

Miss Shin is a sole child in a fam—
ily mat lived in Seoul up to the in-
vasion of that area ill the second
year of the war. From then Oil her
dwelling was in a small rural vil- m“ 3”"
lagc. As soon us the crisis was allei Fine Dry Cleaning
iatcil she applied for scholarship
“311m l‘ei. 62-1152 208 Quail St.

And il' this college and your small
place lll it gets you down, just think
of Iiyun Shuk Shin.

I I ,

Felicia 5 Beauty Salon
53-A No. Lake Ave.
(Near Washington Ave.)
“JIMMY”——Hair Stylist

Telephone 3-9749 '

 

 

O RECORDS
o FILMS DEVELOPED

Blue Hole Shop

156 Central Avenue

Laborites In Commons Demand

Asia again, perhaps still, basks Great Britain needs commerce, her
turned from 3 mp to Southeast market, she would forget Asia and
we desire to see major Communist ferences are maneuvered by the 50'
Dulles Spoke. Sh. Anthony Eden The stock markets of the nation
lies in Commons demanded a three tee' StoCk “Stings’ m'ading' prices
exisr, if they have fundamentally in some quarters of an impending
cut that neither power is being mod- The market is quite unmadlct’able
ported favorable factors. cotton
Again private industry has come
The Chi Chapter or Kappa PM will give $50,000,000 over the next
study to determine freshman opin- mg. instructors, salaries. The grant
A random sample of freshmen is be-

Tliis study is in line with the

basic purpose of the fraternity t0    A
Richard Axiell and Sheridan Race; comma is a representation of Stu.
liain l‘i/fctzgcr. Paul Siiiniond. Grads: [hm-,3 me those whose hometown is
committee directing the study.

September are being interviewed.

lll’l..s' at 10 o'clock. Approximately

sions. of the Foreign Student Fund. Fri-
your. from now on the same class wife of Robert Thorstciisen, Assoc-
Th-J Chi Chapter of Kappa Phi "Trent's Lust Case". starring
lllt‘i)l()l‘. “Seal Island." will be the
tcrlni’ssioli.

Forum announces that (in Tuesday is (.hummm 01- the evening other
Alfons will be addressed by chrc- m.” MUSSUL Associate Professor of
York. who was forlner ('llllll‘illilll of Pym-“$50,. of Social Studies; Anmgu
inc. minority member of that com- MIME“; ,md Rprrvshnumsl Mm J.
lti’”. Edward Sargent. Ji'.. whose husband
l’cui'i'” plan was launched. the Dix-

pons program took place.

mission will pertain to non-meni-

Open Evenings till 9:00

“or; '50 of the Forum liolird.

OUR SPECIALTY
Thick Creamee Frosts — Ass’t Flavors

STEWART’S

Gerald Drug Go.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.
Phone 6-8610

 

 

Tl'iree Power Conference Soon
in the spotlight of world attention. “fe‘blood- Perhaps if the America“
Asia, urges that we take a firm the Communist “blackmail” mar-
expansion in that segment of the viets; is this an admission of lack of
called for Nationalist evacuation of are being invesugated by the 5811'
power conference. How long can a and margins are some 0f the topics
different views on the important crash. The advance news by Walter
crate or reasonable. We naturally, usually for as the week sml‘ted’
K Ph' K broke ninety cents on the bale even
 I  with rising demand for finished cot-
to the fore with aid for the colleges
Kappa. Naiional Honorary Educa- m.” years to the colleges and um_
ioii on the teaching profession and must be matched by the institution
ing sclected from the Tuesday morn-
fostcr research ill the field of edu-
Gi'lulﬁ-Walt“DCCkCl'iGWd-W1“Ci" dents from cities and towns scat-
Maufrcd Hockinuth and Marvin not won restricted to this country
’I‘wclity-four percent of the fresh-
The interviews are being conducted
twenty interviewers are meeting six- The wives of faculty members will
The fraternity would like to see (lay. March 18. iii Page Hall. ac-
Io (lillt‘l'millt‘ 110W 11111611 “1050 Ollill- iiitc Professor of English, and Chair-
Kiippu was founded at State 001- Orson Welles and Michael Wilding
World A”.irs (Ouncil iwo presciliutioiis. Refreshments will
Mrs. Robert Crcegun, wife of Rob-
;it 8:15 pm. in Chancellor's Hall. the (.mmmtwe Chairmen include. Tick_
“I‘mml‘ Stcl'unt’ Cl’lu- Commerce; Posters. Mrs. Kendall
the joint C‘olingSsionul committee “WNW Mrs. Pom. memok' whose
mitlcc. will pl’CSi‘lll. us his topic: Rm, Newmn‘ MUN. husband is u
During ('(lllﬂ'i‘h‘h‘lllllll Cole’s cliuir- is am ASS“;an [arm-(.5501. Ur Educm
oil-Ylilcs Contract was approved,
Admission will be l'rcc to members
101%. Advance iirkcls may be ob-
A R T K A P N E B

By M. A. RODGERS and rightly so, despise tyranny.
Secretary of state Dunes, just ,.e_ people asured Britain of a larger
stand and retreat no more unless kets' Dunes usually Claims that 0011'
world. The very day Secretary abimy? We hopenm'

Quelnoy and Matsu and the Labor— Me Rimming Md Currency Commit"
major alliance of two great powers mng looked “no because Of a fear
questions ,)f the any? It is ammp Winchell also has come under fire.
while GMC and Jersey Standard re-
c t ton and spring fashions.
onduc 3 Survey
of the nation. The Ford Foundation
tional fraternity. is conducting a versmcs for the purpose of increas_
the sequence of education courses. according. to ts rcsmuccﬁ
  Korean Student
cation. Gil-directors 0f the StUdi' “1'0 it is common knowledge that our
ordinate statistical tabulation. Wil- mil-9‘1 over the state, Then again.
Goldsicin, Juniors, will assist the Wimp) m“- midsc is an ambitious
men who have been in college since  
on (we consecutive Tuesday morn-  
Ly freshmen at each of the two scs- sponsor two movies for the benefit
ii follow-up study conducted two cording to Mrs. Robert Thorstensen.
ions change. mun of Publicity for the movies.
lt‘li.‘ in 1927. and ii Walt Disney feature in tech—
110 sold ill the lobby during the lil-
To Present Speaker
crt Cl'ccgnn. Professor of Philosophy.
l‘lllilSiIll Mohawk Council on World as, Mrs. Albert M0551“. wife of A1-
CW5 4‘ RPlmbllm“ [mm New Bll‘l‘. wife of Kendall Birr. Assistant
“1‘ Almm“ E‘N'l'b'yv “1m “0w ‘1 “mk' llllnllilllfl is an Associate Professor of
'"Allli‘l'lCH'S Policy (In Milmlt' Elm" Proussor of Education and Mrs.
inunsliip. llu‘ l‘ilSi‘llllilWi‘l‘ "Atoms i'or “U”.
and lllll_l()l' (ii-vclopini-nts ill the wen-
\\'lllli‘ ilic customary one dollar tid-
iuini-ii l)_\' conflicting Cllul'lrs Mc—
"YOUR STATE INSURANCE MAN”

ALL TYPES of INSURANCE

75 State Street 5-1471 Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

MAKE YOUR OWN SUNDAES

W.

Corner Ontario & Benson
Dial 4-1125
FLORiST &
GREENHOUSE
College Florists for Years
Special Attention
for
Sororities and Fraternities

We also serve hot chocolate, coffee and
doughnuts

If you like, bring your own lunch
and visit with Rocky & Sam.

475 Washington Ave. 3-9168

 

 

 

 

 

  

