 

 is Responsible?

The feeling of apathy that has been. overshadowing
this college for some time seems to have settled perma-
nently. Interest in everything has come to a standstill.
Attendance at assemblies has been pitiful; the few who
do‘com'e contribute next to nothing to the sparse discus-
sion. There are a few people who do all the work while the
others sit back and complain. This is very evident in the
case of the election to be held today. It is disgraceful to
admit the fact that only one qualified Senior member of
Student Association showed enough interest in the welfare
of the student government to run for the presidency.
Furthermore, when this candidate, this one candidate for
the highest office in the school, gave up his time in order
to answer questions and defend his platform at a rally,
scarcely fifty people showed up.

Less than one-thirty-fifth of the entire Student Asso-
ciation exhibited enough initiative to want to learn of the
qualifications presented by this candidate. The remaining
1688 students should be ashamed of this fact. What kind
of responsible citizens will they eventually make?

, Another area where apathy prevails is in the relation-
ship between faculty and students. College should be a
place where the student and professor share and discuss
common interests. Their acquaintance should exceed the
bounds of the classroom and develop into a more personal
relationship. It is not easy to create this ideal atmosphere
with the barriers present here. It seems almost unbeliev-
able that even after three courses with the same professor,
you still aren’t on speaking acquaintance. In a few cases
the professor will not even know the names of his students.

Many students feel that the faculty does not wish to
establish better relations with them. After all, it is diffi—
cult and awkward for inferiors to approach people who
are in a higher position, and the faculty members are the
students’ superiors. It is much easier and more normal for
the superiors to break the ice and make it more comfort-
able for the others. It is the opinion of some, that the
faculty should do more and come a little further towards
the students, who find it impossible to bridge the gap by
themselves.

The fault does not lie entirely with the faculty, how-
ever. The students are partly to blame. Each must come
half way and meet on common ground. One solution to
this situation is the revitalization of long-forgotten de-
partment clubs. In groups such as these, students and
faculty have a common purpose: the student being there
because he is interested in the subject, the professor be-
cause he possesses knowledge of the subject.

Another road to the betterment of this relationship
would perhaps be the establishment of hobby clubs. Their
purpose would be no more than enjoyment of the work; a
group including both faculty and students working to—
gether just for pleasure.

When faculty members attend social functions spon-
sored by students, they often feel as if they are in the way.
In many cases it is obvious that their presence is not ap—
preciated by students and a barrier is thrown up. It is
difficult to overcome this barrier, simply because it has
been there for so long. If someone would take the first step,
the others would follow naturally. I am sure both sides
could successfully break the barrier by working together.

This problem of apathy is a large one and no imme-
diate solution is in sight. It is quite evident the student
body has created the problem and is responsible for the
answer. Now is the time to do something about it! Too
much time has already been lost.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY I’ll

IV THE CLAIS 0P lOlE

 

First Place CSPA First Place ACP
VOL. XXXX February 25. 1955 No. ‘
Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from '1 to
11 pm. at 2-3326. Ext. 11. Phones: Cochruhe. 237030; Luft 2-00l2; Swlerzowski 2-3744;
Goldsteln Z-leiza: Lackey 3-0277; Monro, 2-3320.
The undergraduate newspaper of tile New York Shite College for Teachers;
Rgbila‘htfl every Friday of the College year by the NEWS board for the Student
one a on.

’-

AIIJ‘IEN COCIIIIANE - - - - - - - - I'Iilllor-In-Cliie!
CAROL ANN I.UI"|“ - - - - - - - - Managing Editor
ESTHER GOLDSTMN - - - - - - l’ulilio llriuilonl l-Idltor
FRANCES MONAIIAN - - - - - - lluslncsn-Advertising Editor
NANCY SCHNEIDER - - - - - - - - (Jo-Circulation It‘dltor
BARBARA POULSON - - - - - - - - (Jo-Circulation Editor
RONALD LACKbY - - - - - - - - - Executive Editor
JOANNE MOORE - - - - - - - - - Consultant Editor
MARCIA LAWRENCE - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
MATTHEW OHTOYICH - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
RICHARD BAUER - - - - - - - - - Aubociute Editor
JOSEPH SWIERZOWSKI - - - - - - - - -- Sports Editor
ARNOLD NEWMAN ‘ - - - - - - - ~ Junior Sports Editor
DOROTHY RASMUBSEN - - - - - - - Junior Sports Editor

JOHN INAl’l' - - - - - - - - -

1 communication: iihouid be addressed to the editor and must be ill
H I  . Hiicii. Names
o';:inll;0u‘wltlxlgﬂld Obi acquiest. illlt! Bl‘A'l‘E COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for
9 rates n Ii co umne or couniiunicutious as such exncsiiiuns do no
necessarily reflect itii views. ' I L

Stall I'botolruplier

 

We”

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 25. 1038

 

C’ammicds‘oad

 

.‘Ziecaluun?

To the Editor:

Last Sunday's performance by the
Spring Street Stompers was an ex-
cellent exhibition of a nearly for-
gotten style of music which has, in
the' last decade, been reintroduced
to the public car. They played sup-
erbly despite the numerous indigni-
ties imposed upon them by certain
members of this college who, by
their childish antics and their gen-
eral lack of manners, annoyed not
only those who had attended to
hear good jazz. but also the mem-
bers of the band. The students to
whom I refer, were strategically
located in the front row beneath
the very noses of the band. By sit-
ting there they assured themselves
that their every coming and going
would be noticed by all present. They
did not even have the courtesy to
excuse themselves as they barged
past, over. or through the band, es-
pecially disturbing the banjo player
as he attempted to acid to the en-
joyment of the afternoon’s perform-
ance. These girls may have been
under the impression that they were
being cute and that in their own
sweet way were entertaining the
members of the band. Although we
do not have any opinions on this
point from members of the band,
We are quite sure that only profes-
sional courtesy kept them from ask-
ing the girls to refrain. As to the
audience many negative comments
have been made concerning the
girls‘ behavior. It is our hope that
similar situations shall not arise in
the future. It would seem that stu-
dents of college age could follow a
few rules of courtesy if only out of
consideration for those performing.

William Rock, Robert Smith

To the Editor:

I would like to take this opportu-
nity to thank you for carrying in
your editorial of February 18, 1055.
a “Briefer” on the plans for the
staff of the 1956 Pediigogue.

It is unfortunate that I was un-
able to give you the details person-
ally. The transfer of information
sometimes changes minor points
that are misconstrued by these who
are not fully aware of the entire
Situation.

I should mention here that the
l’eiliigogue proposal under way is to
change the time for photographing
Seniors. Facmty, Honorary. him So-
rority and Maternity members from
the Full of 1905 to the Spring of
1905. 'ihe first and most important
reason 101' this change is to con-
venience whatever photographer the
l'euagoguc might be working With.
Those oi you Who say “We are giv-
ing the photographer his business,
wuy should tic convenience him?"
——bettci' stop and think—just how
much business are you givnig the
photographer. If you merely consid-
er the glossy print for yearbook re-
production a great oeiil 01 business,
it imgnt illLCl’CSL you to know that
some pnotogrupners are unable to
even break evon on a group of 4
sittings and proofs for a sitting fee
of less than $10.00. Don't forget
that you are not inconveniencing
youiscii by having the yearbook pic-
tures taken during the Spring. You
are, however, convcniciicing a bus-
inessman who has vciy much to do
Willi the quality of the yearbook
you are producing.

Most photographers have a slow
season between Ash Wednesday and
Easter. This Would be tiic ideal
lime to have school pictures taken.
if the photographer is able to take
the sitting during the Lenten time,
he will most likely process the prools
and return Lllt'ill bclol'c tho Lenten
season is ovcr. 'l'liosc people who
arc not pleased with the proofs can
arrange for u i'c-silting, depending
on the manner 111 Which the l'edii-
goguc contracts \ylth tlic photo-
grapher; the rc-sltiing might be in
tile Spring or it might be in the
Full.

Although the suggestion Will rc-
qun'c. the full cooperation ol next
year's Senior Class. the faculty,
lionorui'lcs, sororilics and ll‘iilt‘l'lil-
tics, it is by no incuns subject to
llic approval of the aiorcinclitioncd
groups. it can be put iiilo cllecl au-
tomatically. I do, liiichci', think all
those concerned should be acquaint—
cd With the reasoning and Willi the

(Continued on Page 4, Column U

 

 

 

 

Gammon-Sided

By LEIN & McEVOY

   

Show predicted!

A word to the wise is sufﬁcient . . . we‘ve mentioned it before . . .
in case you don't get the point, keep your eyes and ears open next week.
Make up your OWN mind . . . don‘t be swayed by last minute comments.
Thursday nights

seem to have been taken over by all organizations except religious
clubs. Hasn’t it been the policy to have this night reserved for these
organizations? It seems that this should be an integral part of any
college calendar; it certainly builds as much character as the sum of
the rest of the organizations.

Attention!

Ofﬁcial word from President Collins brings the inside scoop con-
cerning the construction of the new building. It will be a “T” shaped

addition to Richardson; one part of the “T” will embrace the new boiler

room, the other end ties on to the back of Page lRiehai‘dson will be
extended to the Washington Avenue street linei. The stage in Page will
be extended forward 12 feet, approximately the same width. In order to
support this, a new girder will have to be set in place at the new stage
line. This will entail tearing tip the old ﬂoor, taking new measurements.
then letting the "mess" set until the new girder is fabricated. The mess
will not be cleaned up before next fall; it has to be cleaned up by then
in order to accommodate the incoming freshman class of approximately
550 students.

This Will entil a few changes in plans. . . . Page Hall will be un-
fit for occupancy after March 26 at 10 am, at which time the janitorial
staff will enter and salvage what they can before the contractors enter
on Monday morning, March 28. The spring play formerly scheduled for
Page will be presented arena style in the gym. Moving Up Day has
been moved up a week (May 7i and is scheduled outside, in front of
Page with a temporary stage built on the steps. However, in case of
inclement weather. as was the case in 1944 when there was 10 inches
of snow on that (late, it will be possible to hold the exercises in Page.
01‘ course, this will necessitate treading up and down among the plaster
filled aisles. sitting on dust—laden seats. and other construction caused
inconveniences. Of main concern to Seniors is Torch Night. There are
several possibilities blit the most feasible at the moment is Draper 340.
which has a seating capacity of approximately 315 people.

The inconveniences caused this year will be repaid
times in the years to come.

innumerable

To ii ll those

who were at the Plattsbl'rg game last week, congratulations on the
fine spirit shown. To you who were at the Pratt game Saturday, quite
a difference, wasn't there? It seems unnecessary that we should haVc
another group lead us in cheering, meaning, of course, the Plaltsburg
cnceiing SCL'tiUll, and its contagious cfl‘ervesccnce. Opposing players
have at times likened playing at State to playing in a morgue. Whether
Stale students just won't let their hair down or whether they are lin-
appreciative of the team can be debated. We have shown that we CAN
do. let's continue to do so for the next two home games.

Elections

don't let emotions rob you of your conunon sense.
FAIR

It‘s a most unusi al fair! We all know when it is (tomorrow night»
so let's everyone be there! PS. Don't forget to buy your special issue
of the STAID COLLEGE GNUS.
QUESTION 0i" THE WEEK?

How many days to go?

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, l‘l-.‘IlliUAlt\{ :55

l0:00 ll.lll. Assembly, elections.

4:00 j).lll. State (‘ollcgc News opcn liourd Meeting, PO. Brubachcr.
7:30 pm. l’riliininary Set-up for State Fair, lower l-iuslcd.

SA’l‘l‘ltliAY, FEBRUARY :10

ii ll.lll.-5 p.111. Sci-up for State Fair, lowor l-lnstcd, Richardson
12 noon (‘laiui l‘l‘iiir locations.

7:15 |).lii. Opening Show, Page ilull.

ll:00 p.in. italilc, Auction Ainloom-cmcnts, Page.

11:00 l).lil. Receipts turn-in. 1) ill.

Sl'NiiAY. FEBRUARY 27

0'30 ii.lil. (.‘lcun—Iip for State Fair.

10.00 lilil. Newman Club Communion iircukl‘asl, Jack's ilcsluuranl.
State Street.

'l‘l‘lt‘h‘lliu’. MAlt(‘ll l
l0;00 il.iil. Sopluinorc Clio.» Mcciing, 1) Jill).

'l‘llUitHliAY. MAltt‘il 3
7:30 phi. lVCl" nominations. Brubuciicr.

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.” FRIDAY. ‘FEBRUARY‘29.’ 1935

MW I

 

 

Newman  l A’un (qua [All Female Cost

To Climax Conieb

With Breakiast

iVCF Explains Election
Qualiﬁcations Thursday.

This weekend Newman Club is
sponsoring a conference here at
State. In conjunction With this the
Club will sponsor a Communion
Breakfast Sunday morning. There
will be a meeting of inter-Varsity
Christian Fellowship Thursday night
at Brubacher.

The Newman Club at State will be
the host for the Newman Club Con-
ference for the Empire State Prov-
ince this weekend. A business meet-
ing will be held Saturday at 10 am.
at Brubacher. Saturday afternoon
the members of the convention will
go Jll a tour of Howe Caverns and
the State Capitol Building.

The convention will conclude on
Sunday, Cardinal Newman Day, With
a Communion Breakfast at 10 am.
at Jack's Restaurant following the
9 o’clock Mass at St. Mary‘s Church,
located on Lodge Street. All New-
man Club members are invited to
attend the Mass and Communion
Breakfast on Sunday. Tickets for
the breakfast are $l.b0 and may be
purchased from any Newman Club
oliitci, states Catherine McCann
‘56, President.

inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
will hold a meeting Thursday night
at 7:30 at Brubacher, announces
Ann Kammer '56, President. This
meeting will include a preview on
ClCL'LlUllS and an explanation of the
qualnications and duties of the ot-
ficers. Nominations Will be held.
There Will also be a report made
by the Constitutional Revismns
Committee at this meeting. '

Elections will be held at a special
meeting Saturday, March 5 at 6:30
pm. at Brubucher. Contact Miss
Kannncr for abscntcc ballots.

Honorary Lists
New Members

Kappa Phi Kappa, the honorary
Professional Education Fraternity,
rccenlly initiated twcnty—twu new
members, reports Joseph McDowell
"5:3, President. I

The iollowmg men were initiated:
Donald Duclos, Edward Szyiniinski
and Sheridan Race, grads; DaVid
Borden, Wilbur Green, Jack Klein,
’l‘hyrii. Ladd, Ronald Lackey, Wil-
liam Linmge, Gene Norris and DiiVid

Stark, Seniors; Robert Bctschii,
Harvey Brody, Mhi'vm Goldslcin,
Miillli't‘(l Hoclimuth, Bruce King,

Thomas O'Louglilin, Willniin Ship-
engrover, Sigmund Smith, Ernest
’l‘c' ljoi'tlo, Richard Vanslcttc and
Dwight Willscy, Juniors. '

The purpose of KPK is to pro-
mote lhc cause of education by cn-
l‘tllll‘llHlll}; lllL‘ll til Sillllltl liliil'ill l'llill"
iictcr in the study of its principles
and problems. The fraternity cm:
lilliiSl/A'h' among its mcnibcrs, loi
llic .urlhcrancc of that purpose, so-
ciiil intercourse, scholarly attain—
lllL‘lii. :nul prolcssionul ideals. .

'l‘hc program of thcycur takcs
tlic iorin of ii series of talks and
pain] discussions, under the direc-
tion of leaders in the licld oi cou-~
cation. The fritcrnity also publishes
a written handbook.

Gerald Drug Go.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

Phone 0-8010

By CLIFF DAVIS

If you decided to take in the
Strand Theatre this past weekend,
you undoubtedly got to the box-
offlce and got a “Standing-room-
only" sign staring you in the face.
Quite possibly the same may be true
this week.

Battle Cry is just too good to be
true, too good to leave us. The
whole thing explodes in Cinema-
scope and boasts a cast headed by
Van Heflin. Aldo Ray. James Whit-
more, and a mass of various and
sundry young ladies. It's all about
the Marines, their war lives, their
war loves. their triumphs and short-

comings.
Esther Williams goes through

swimming stints during the era of
Hannibal in Jupiter's Darling,
when can be seen at the Palace.
Howard Keel gets amorous with
Esther. Ah, Hannibal never had it
so good! The Outlaw's Daughter is
a second picc of celluloid reel they’re
going to run.

The Lilliputian Theatre over on
Delaware Avenue will desplay a mad
comedy bit called “The Detective".
Alec Gninnes does the sleuthing——
and the amusing.

We never saw it happen, but any-
way the Madison will show us what
Green li‘irc look like. (Maybe it's a
documentary on how to burn emer-
alds!) Anyway Stewart Granger has
a lcad, and so does Grace Kelly.
Put. an emerald on her and it'd be
bound to catch fire! A Bullet in
\t'aitini,r is lhc co-fcaturc. “You All"
Rory Calhoun stars.

Highlights Second

Drama Production

The second production by the
State College Theatre, under the
direction of Paul B. Pettlt, Assoc-
iate Professor of English will take
place Friday and Saturday eve-
nings, March 11 and 12. The pro-
duction will coincide with the ANTA
(Amer-can National Theatre Assoc-
iation) and the United Nations pro-
clamation of March as International
Theatre Month.

An all female cast will star in
“Girls in Uniform” whose main ac-
tion, thh occurs after World War
I, centers about a German boarding
school. The plot is developed around
Manuela, (portrayed by Paula See-
gal ’57). a motherless, sensitive, and
very impressionable young girl. The
plot comes to a climax when Man-
uela finds it difficult to adjust to
the new school environment.

This play will inaugurate a new
design in platform staging at Page
Hall. Also, lighting will be unique
states Betty Van Vlack ’57, Publicity
Director. The staging is adopted
from sketches by New York design-
er, Walt Whitcovcr of Equity Li-
brary Theatre in New York. This
play will soon be produced on
Broadway.

Tickets will be on sale Tuesday
in lower Husted. Students may be
admitted with their Student Tax
Cards. Tickets Will be on sale for
outsiders at $1.00.

 

News Views:

Parties Select Convention Cities,-
House Approprioles Pay Raise

By M. A. RODGERS

The political developments pre-
liminary to the conventions are of
a very interesting nature. Both par—
ties have decided to hold their con-
ventions later than ever before. The
reason proffered is that this will
shorten the campaign and result in
a coircspomlingly lesser expendi-
tnrc. it :‘illlllld not be forgotten that
a liner convention will give less time
for .my l'llllll) group to organize: and
with me spin in the Smith and the
rebellious attitudes of the mid-
Wcsicrn Republicans this could well
have been :i great l'nc.or.

Sophomores To Elect
News Editor Tuesday

The Sophomore Class will hold a
mccrn...v Tuesday at 10 ah]. ah-
nonmcs Bruno Rodgers class presi-
dcn . The meeting Will include :1 dis-
cussion of the forthcoming, Frosh-
Sopli party and the editorship of the
clus. newspaper.

Nominations and clcction of the
ncw.~papcr editors will be the main
order of busincss at the meeting.
The cililors to be elected include:
lvlm.or—in-cinci. lypi a cuiiois. nil
cdihirs, duplicating editor and class
and school rcporlcrs. 'l‘hc. newly
clccicd t'tllilil' will asunie his duties
nnincilintcly.

The choice of convention cities is
also interesting. The Democrats
probably chose Chicago because it
is the center of the moderates. The
retirement of Jake Arvey and the
split in the party between Mayor
Kennelly and the conservatives will
pl‘niiubly leave this city with
weakened machine and thus as n
llL‘llll‘hl battleground for DeSnpio,
Ruscil, Lausche or what have you.
The Republicans, conscious of gal-
lery packing, skipped quickly over
Pilliil’icillillil. the capital of Grundy

;:

terrlcry. They avoided landing in '

the "Windy City", the home of Mr.
Dirkscn, only through a sudden bid
by San Ii‘ranciSco. The GOP Veep
nomination will definitely go to a
Californian, as things how are.

Charity begins at. home, and that
is just where Congress is letting it
licgi'... The House With little debate
passed a pa, raise for icgi lilivc and
,lllllittlill officals, which included a
$10,000 ii year increase for each of
llieiusclves. The Senate, however,
was hailed by the threat of it one-
man filibuster by the record-holding
Wil', Mor. c. How can 2‘. bCiiilLJl' mop
up n: thirty—grand house at home.
ii resalcnce in Georgetown lone oi
'he poorer districts), attend "en—
unqcnicills”, and generally keep Willi
llic Aldrichcs or Kennedy; on less
than twenty-five thousand.

 

AT THE SNACK

AFTER STATE FAIR
PLAN TO MEET YOUR FRIENDS

BAR

 

Student Council:

Council Passes Financial Report;
Elects iCA Conference Delegates

At the regular Student

evening, Student Council adopted a Financia

Council meeting RWednesdi:
eport w '

revision, approved two financial motions from Student
Board of Finance, elected delegates to ICA and set the

assembly agenda.

Joseph Kelly ’56 submitted a financial report at this
week’s Council meeting dealing with the fee charged for
Student Tax. In his report he discussed the following rea-
sons why it was deemed necessary to alter the present

 

 

H
“The Mayflower
SODA BAR
CANDY
lcc Cream to Take Out
200 (‘cutral Avenue

PHONE: 3-9071

 

 

ART K

75 State Street

 

"roux STATE INSURANCE MAN”
ALL TYPES of INSURANCE

5-1471

APNER

Albany, N. Y.

Ram Repealec
By DAVID KENDIG

Music Council met on Tuesday
night, in Brubacher, in a meeting
that clearly indicates the apathetic
state that many of the organiza-
tions of the college have sunk to.
Only six members of the sixteen
member council were present. and
since the quorum was not reached,
the meeting was unofﬁcial. The
secretary's records show that this
pitiful attendance record is not un-
usual for members of Council, who
seem to put their other interests
above their obligations of member-
ship. Mnsic Council is, at its peak.
supposch to consist of twenty-seven
members. nine frcm each class, al-
though there are no speciﬁc articles
in their constitution in regard to
maximum or minimum membership,
or attendance at meetings. Sopho-
more membership at Council meet-
ings seems to be particularly weak.
Several members have not attended
meetings since before Christmas.
The meeting centered around dis-
cussion of the artists to be pre-
sented here, under their sponsor-
ship.

Since the time for the presenta-
tion of budgets is drawing near,
members of Music Council might
well try to increase their guest art-
ists line in the budget in order to
bring outstanding guest artists to
the college, to try to reorganize an
oilt-of—dnte constitution, and to im-
[Jl‘crs upon their members that
membership to Music Council is an
obligation which entails, among
other things, the very necessary task
of attending meetings.

system for determining the. fee.
Each year the budgets of organlm-i:
tions under the SA budget must be.
passed by Student Board of Finance,
Student Council and Student As-
sembly, necessitating a long period
of time. This brings up the point
that each year budgets pile up at
the end of the second semester.

In hopes of solving some of these
problems the report suggested that
a maximum be set as to the price
charged for Activity Cards. Council
voted to set the limit at $13, not in-
cluding the Athletic tax. This year
the cost was $13.75. By setting 9. lim-
it SBF‘ will be able to keep budgets
tighter to the needs of each organ-
ization.

The Council report as it was ac-
cepted also established a date by
which budgets must be submbitted.

Provision was also made that or-
ganizations expressing a positive rea-
son could have a lump sum line
included in their budget instead of
having to go to SBF for funds for
lines which cannot be put into the
budget at its time of adoption.

A $300 appropriation from surplus
for D&A and an appropriation for
$52.50 for the State College News
were approved by the group.

Delegates to the ICA Conference
to be held at State next fall were
chosen by Council this week. There
were two elected from the freshman
class, four from the Sophomore and
two from the Junior classes, plus
alternates. Those elected from the
freshman class are: Henry Aceto
and Marilyn Leach with Mary Craw-
ford as alternate. From the Sopho-
more Class: Clyde Payne. Joseph
Tag‘gart, JoAnn Kazmercik, and
David Kehdig were elected. Joseph
Anderson was chosen alternate. Mar-
jorie Kelleher and Jane Loman were
selected from the class of ’56. Sam-
uel Krchnlak was voted as alter-
nate.

 

gaudy

Howard Flier], Associate Profes-
sor of Social Studies, was awarded
the oeirec of PhD in Geography
on January 30, at Syracuse Univer-
sity. His disertation topic was “Se-
qucnt Occupunce in Middle Scho-
name?

On Friday evening. February 18,
Wait Stewart, Professor of History,
spoke at the Ludics' Night of the
Presbyterian Men's Club at Oneonta.

Katherine Heinig Will give a lec-
ture on the flower, Iris, to the Al-
bany Home Bureau at their Feb-
ruary 1H luncheon meeting.

Charles Sioxcs, Professor of Mn-
iic, will attend the Eastern Division
niccting of the Music Educators Na-
iiUllnl Conference in Boston, Feb-

4000:0134

ruary 25 through March 1.

Milton Olson, Director of Com-
merce Education, is scheduled to
moderate the general sessions of the
National Association of Business
Teacher Training Institutes meeting
in Chicago Thursday through Satur-

day. He will also attend the Board.

of Directors meeting of the United
Busmess Educators Association.

Edwin Adkins, Director of Educa-
tion. and Morris Eson, Professor of
Education, will also be in Chicago
today. tomorrow and Sunday. They
will attend the annual national con-
ference of the American Association
of Colleges for Teacher Education.

 

STEW

doughnuts

475 Washington Ave.

 

 

OUR SPECIALTY
Thick Crcamce Frosts —— Ass’t Flavors

ART’S

MAKE YOUR OWN SillillilES

We also serve hot chocolate, coffee and

If you like, bring your own lunch
and visit with Rocky & Sam.

3-9168

 

 

 

