__....I.M~i..—:l.==ais..   . s.»  .cr».  v' at".  q... “7.,

 

PAGE 2

Individuals at '59 . . .

Where oh where are the verdant freshmen? That is,
the five hundred who didn’t come to Activities Day last
Saturday. It is a tradition here at State that one Saturday
early in the fall be set aside for the newcomers to learn
about extra curricular organizations and to sign up with
the organization of their choice. This year we added the
extra attraction of having a special assembly to explain the
various organizations. With Page Gym packed with thirty-
five freshmen the upperclassmen expended worthless en-
ergy. In the meantime committees worked setting up
booths to attract the frosh. They attracted upperclassmen
and about one hundred of the Class of 1959.

The Junior Class worked for you, frosh, and presented
you with a class banner. We could have saved our effort
for there is no freshman class. There are lots of individ-
uals taking required courses and going to orientation, but
a class is a spirit and yours is very weak, if any exists at
all. All we’ve heard so far is: “We’ll cheer ’59.”

When the upperclassmen came back to school we were
warned of the increased enrollment and the pressures this
would bring. During registration we thought you were
crowding us out but I guess we have nothing to fear.
You’re never seen or never heard. Saturday noon at the
Snack Bar used to be like book lines and now the place is
comparatively empty as are the lounges and Commons.
Can you all be in the library?

Tomorrow is the first Rivalry event—softball. One
point of the day is awarded for cheering. I will now take
the opportunity to award it to the Sophomores. Shall I now
award the Rivalry Trophy or wait ’til Campus Day? You
can’t avoid the inevitable.

We don’t want you to reply to this editorial with a
“Letter to the Editor.” We want action tomorrow morning
on Page Field.

M.M.L.

Individuals ol '56 ’57 ’58 . . .

Last Friday we witnessed the most disgraceful abuse
of privileges we have ever seen. The number of people vot-
ing in the elections for “Who’s Who Among Students in
American Colleges and Universities,” totaled 333. There are
approximately 1,400 upperclassmen enrolled, all of whom
were allowed to vote in this election, yet only 333 exercised

the most powerful thing we possess—our right to vote!
If this election is any indication of the way the rest
of the elections this year will run, we must say we are
terribly disappointed and disgusted. It‘s about time we
took stock of ourselves and considered this matter serious-
ly. True, this election may not have meant much to you,
but there will be others in the future that will, and it will
be your duty as a member of Student Association to exer-
cise your vote for your own protection and for the protec-
tion of the school. In three years or less, you will be given
the right to choose the government of the United States—a
tremendous responsibility. We are old enough by this time
to realize our responsibilities, whether it be to the Federal
government or to the government of our college.

Tuesday and Wednesday you will be allowed to exercise
your vote when you elect the representatives from your
class to the Legislature. You are giving up your voice and
vote in Assembly to fifteen representatives. Make sure you
choose the right fifteen—the ones who will look after the
best interests of your class.

It is your responsibility to vote—all of you!!! Vote
wisely and carefully—it may be a long time before you
again have the privilegell

A.J.C.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

  

BY THE CLASS OF' 1918

First Place CSPA Second Place ACP
VOL. XXXX October 14, 1955 No. 17
Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday end Wednesday from '1 to
11 pm. at 2-3326. Ext. ll. Phoncel‘ Cochrunc. 22-7030: Su‘lerzowskl, 2-3744; Goldstein,
21-2612; Kcndig, 541021.
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers;
mites”? every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the student
can on.

AILEIN OOOHIANI - - - - - - - - - ldltor-in-Chiet
ESTHER GOLDSTEIN - - - - - - (Jo-Public Itelntlons Editor
DAVID KENDIO - — - - - - - ~ Co-Publls Relations Editor

RITA LAMBOGLIA - - -
MARY ANN SCIIIAIT'I‘IIAUIIEII
JOYCE MEYERMAN ~ -

— - - - - Co-Ituslness-Advertlslnx Editor
- - Cu-Business.Advertising Editor
Circulation Editor

MAICIA LAWIINOI - - - - - - - - Auoeiote Editor
MATTHEW OBTOYIOII - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
IIOIIAID BAUEE - - - - - - - - - Allootete Editor
JOBII'II BWIEIZOWEKI — - ~ - - - - - -- Bporte Editor
DOItO'I'tIY EASMUSSEN - - v - - - - Senior Sports Editor
JOIN INA?! - - - - - - - - - Eli-If Photogrlpher

All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Names
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for
opinione expressed in its columns or communications, as such expressions do not
necessarily reflect its views.

Wt“

 

 

Muical at Palace

Boy meets girl, and everyone sings
and dances all over the place. The
movie is My Sister Eileen. Betty
Jarrett, Janet Leigh and Jack Lem-
mon do all the romping, and every-
one is happy.
Costume Drama at Strand

It’s my own personal opinion that
Bette Davis should never be taken
seriously, no matter what she says
or does. If this is your opinion too,
you'll be very amused by Bette‘s
latest film The Virgin Queen. Bette
plays Queen Elizabeth in love with
Raleigh (Richard Todd) who turns
out to be an unco-operative lover.
Decked out in fancy Farthingale
and shocking red wig, she shouts
and swaggers through Tudor archi-
tecture, asserting herself. It's great
for laughs.
Science Fiction in 349

The International Film Group,
State’s own movie museum, will pre-
sent a rare and unusual modernistic
film called Metropolis. It deals with
revolutions and other such soc1al
disturbances in the city of the fu-
ture. It should be quite exciting.
Thursday, October 20.
Madison

June Allyson, America's sweet-
heart, and Alan Ladd, America's
hero, team up together in The Mc-
Connell Story. This is one of those
Korean War tales that move the
heart so. Ladd is always up in a
plane, shooting down enemy MIGs,
while June, the wife, stays up late,
hoping he'll come home safe.
Fantastic Situation at Delaware

Ever hear of a grade school boy
in the ROTC? Neither did I, In
The Private War of Major Benson,
however it actually happens—this
and all sorts of things which are
supposed to amuse. Charlton Hes~
ton and Julia Addams fall in love,
in their own insiped way, but the
little boy actor saves the show.
You’ll laugh.

 

Gammunkauand

To the Editor

This letter. by your courtesy, will
reach your readers on the day the
Campus Chest Drive officially
closes. Tomorrow—as the readers read
—will be the climax dance. A vic-
tory celebration for a goal under-
stood, accepted and met, or an-
other good time had by all, and be-
hind it the ache of defeat and fut-
ility for the people who know what
the goal means in human terms?
Tonight—as I write tMondayl—no
one knows.

“A man," says Shelley, “to be
greatly good, must imagine intense-
ly and comprehensively; he must
put himself in the place of another,
and of many otheis. . . . The great
instrument of moral good is the
imagination. . .  How moral are
we? How intensely and compre-
hensively can we imagine? Can we
see our near 2000 Staters, 50'; of
them tubcrcular, living in ragged
tcn-ycar-old tents? Students do in
parts of India. Can we see a girl 1!]
Greece who cannot afford the sum-
mer of rest and good food that would
catch TB in time for her, and so
what's the use of going on with
College when she is growing sicker
and will die so soon? Can we see
an iron-curtain refugee with half-
triiincd doctor's or pianist's hands
idle and coarsening as he waits in
on internment camp or a professor
in an Indonesian medical school
trying to train a generation of doc-
tors for his country with two micro-
scopes to 400 students? Can we not
just sec these people but feel their
lilipclt.‘sslicﬁs and feel, too, with them
the pride that shrinks from staring
pity and the gratitude for rcul
friendship that understands and
quietly enables them to help them-
selves?

I have been accused of being
"wccpy" ()Vl‘l‘ the urgency of Camp-
us Clicsi‘s objectives. Sob-sistcrish—
ucss is the lust thing I wish to be
guilty of. To refuse tears lthcy
nccdn't show on the outsidcl to
Stillli' Llll‘ World‘s irugcdy is to bc,
m Slicllcy's scnsc profoundly lin-
inorul. liut. my (ll'cpcst impulse to
wccp spring.» not from the mis'cry
l hch suggoslcd . l can do some-
thing, howcvcr little, about that
but from the licurt-brcuking upulliy
of our own colicgc, which by (ici‘uuil.
acts ii cusuul scui upon it all. Your
illii'l' ycur it seems to in“ that l
have failed, except with u handful,
to kindle thut holy spui‘k oi imug-

(Continued on Page 3, Column 1/

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 14. 1955

9

M

 

P!"
v
v”?

-\

 

 

5 ﬂamers

“Yes, I’m a freshman. What’s a beanie?”

 

’ Common-Staten

By TINAPI’ and DEVINE

   

“Tis a. tale told by an idiot,
Full of sound and fury——signifying nothing."

SUSPENSE ! !

We sincerely wish someone would explain to us why the Junior
Prom was scheduled so close to Winterlude. A great many people have
stated that the ﬁnancial obligations required by two formals within a
month will keep them from attending Winterlude. Traditionally there
we go again) this IFC-ISC sponsored dance has always preceded Christ-
mas vacation and has been one of the college's brightest social func-
tions. However, the expense involved makes it imperative that the at—
tendance be exceptional. We, therefore, feel that there must be an ex-
cellent reason for the scheduling of an event which could conceivably
hinder Winterlude's success. We would like to know what it is!!

TOAST OF THE TOWN . . .

A verbal pat on the back is due Richard Bartholomew for his un-
usual show of last week. We thought that, considering the handicaps
and shortcomings of his staging facilities. he presented one of the finest
Activity Day skits in the past four years.

MR. KEEN, TRACER OF LOST PERSONS ‘.’ ‘2 '3

Were you there? If you were, you were one of the few. The fresh—
man class was cxtrcmely conspicuous—via its abscncc——~from last Sut-
urday‘s Activities Day. Approximately four out of every five frosh felt
that their presence was not required or expected. They could not have
been more mistaken. They will, in the very near future, be the leaders
of our followers, they will find leadership very difficult. Let‘s hope they
redeem themselves by turning out en masse for the softball game Sat—
urday. (Remember, two points for cheering.)

It‘IItST NIGIITER . . .

For the first time in the history of the State College Theatre an or-
iginal play will be directed by a student in the laboratory theatre. This
should add extra. spice to Tuesday night's bill which includes scenes
from two other well known classic dran‘ias. See you all in Draper 349.
Let‘s take a peek at Pettit's proteges' premiere performances.

PEOPLE ARE FUNNY . . .

Dear Undecided,

We hear you were the only freshman to sign up for both Newman
Club and Hillcl last Saturday. We hope you will consider carefully the
relative merits of each and chose oiin one to which to devote your time
and energy. Decide wisely and don't be high pressured by ~tiny SlilCS
talk. We realize that in your heart resides it deep und earnest (lesirc to
belong, but at the risk of being lubclcd uthcistic, we would like to re-
mind you that schimphrcniu cannot, and will not, be tolerated in 21
future teacher. Remember who you urc und decide what. you rcprcscnt.

SPORTS PARADE . . .

Because of the increase in sizr- of the Phys Ed stuff, Couch Hutli-
away is free to devote more time to both Intrumurul and Interscholastic
sports. If the revamping. remodeling and enlarging which is mom" on
now is any indication of things to come. we'd like to go on l:‘(‘tl|:| us
saying that this increase in staff may well turn out to be the admin—
istrative "coup" oi" the ccntllry. It‘s great to be u purl. of u school which
is growmg us rupidly as is State, and it's equally as sutisl‘ying to scc
colilpellilvc uihlclics kccp piicc with [his growth.‘SUPPORT ’l‘l-llEM!!!!

 

College Calendar

I-‘ItlllAY. ()("l‘OlilClt ill
7-11 pm. Sorority ()pcn Hons-cs for freshmen \voiilcli.

SATURDAY. ()("l‘OllElt 15
10:00 um. Rivalry Soi'lbull. Pugc l“lcl(l.
0-12 pm. Campus Cllt'SL Duncc, lirubuchcr Dining lioom.

Sl'NliAY, (it"l‘OliI-llt 10
0:00 um. Ncwmiin (,‘lub lrip lo Auricsvillc, Picrcc llull.

 

’l‘l'l'ISth'. ()("l‘OlilClt is

8:00 pm. A!) Pluys, l)i'upcr li-iil.

WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER Iii

4:00 pm. For!!!” Spcnkci', lirubuchcr Uppcr Loungc.
'l‘ltllltSle, ()("l‘tilildti 20

7:30 pin. SCA Meeting.

7:30 pm. Ncwmun Club Meeting, Ncwniun l-lull.

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14. 1955

PAGE 3

 

Sororities, Fraternities Announce
Replacement Officers For 1955-56 lVCF Sponsor

Sororities and fraternities held
elections last week and several of
the sororities have scheduled open
houses for the weekend. Sigma
Lambda Sigma elected a replace-
ment president at its Thursday night
night meeting.

Psi Gamma and Gamma Kappa
Phi are having open house for
freshman girls tonight from 7 to 11
pm. Chairman for Psi Gamma's af-
fair is Rita Hohnke '57, announces
Evelyn Neumeister '56, President.
Ann Ryan ’56, Vice-President, an-
nounces the following committees
for Gamma Kappa Phi's open
house: Name Tags, Marge Rock-
ford and Beverly Hillman, Sopho-

 

€0mmunicd£ond

(Continued from Page 2, Column 2)

ination. And so I am writing this
letter, for the eye of the many who
were not at last week's assembly.

I could write much more: of the
deep human concern that I know
does exist on this campus—the will—
ingness to imagine; and of the data
of need, the fuel of information that
the spark of imagination requires;
and of the agencies we support. It
all comes to one overwhelming, sim—
ple fact: we can save lives and train
minds, or we let fellow students and
teachers die or drop out of the game
forever, Does it matter that the
student saved may, within months
of his graduation, be a leader in
Southeast Asia, with an attitude to—
ward the free world? That the
Negro student helped here may forge
happier race relations in our time?
Would even these considerations
seem weighty if we actually coli-
fronted the raw facts of sickness,
hunger, despair?

I have hesitated to claim the
courtesy of this column. Will you
accept this letter as from one who
has supported the work I write of
unbrokenly back to my own student
days, including some very lean, self-
supporting graduate school years.
Possibly I have earned a right to
appeal to our students. Today is
not too late to give as much as you
can.

 

Sincerely yours,
Frances L. Colby

To the Editor:

Where, oh where WERE the ver—
dant freshmen? After weeks of work
by the various committees, the big
day came for the fresh to show
their colors by turning out en masse
for Activities Day. Where WERE
they? The assembly in Page and
the banner ceremony in the Coin-
mons attracted no more than seven-
ty-fivc or eighty frosh. It also Would
be fair to say that there were as
many upperclassmen as frosh down
at the organization sign-up booths.

We certainly hope that this lack
of interest isn‘t an indication of
what we can expect of ‘59 during
other college events, especially Riv-
alry. This particular phase of col-
lege life should be important to
every freshman. not just seventy—
five or eighty. You are the largest
class ni State's history—there is
talent in your class. Use it! We
Sophs are expecting a fight for the
Rivulry crown. Indications are that
we aren‘t. going to get. one: We hope
thut we're wrong.

Joe Sznrek '58
Marilyn Leach ‘58
llicli Bartholomew ’58
Marie Dcttmer ‘58
To the Editor:

This letter is concerned with the
article appearing ill the Common-
Stutei' lust week, regarding the
President of Student Association on-
tering debuie on the resolution pro-
viding foi' u temporary rcprcscntu-
tivc government.

By reading the pussugc quoted
from Robert's Rules of Order in llb‘
entirety, including the sections omit-
ted in the paper last week, it much
dii'fcl'cni intcrprclution might l)l'
mudc. ’lhc cntirc pussuge cxprcsscs
to the render the idea that thc prcv

 

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave..
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARRIERS
We Aim To I'leaee

mores, and Barbara Weinstock '57.
Clean-up—Isabel Hughes ’58, and
Anne Nelson ’57. On the refresh-
ment committee are Ellen Sackett
’57, and Miss Ryan ’56.

Patricia Atwood ’56, President of
Beta Zeta, announces the results of
the elections held this week. Elected
were Betty Lee Smith ‘58, NeWS Re-
porter; Mary Cosentino ’58, Sports
Director; Phyllis Roberts ’57, Rush
Captain; Gail Travis ’56, Parlia-
mentarian. The following members
were initiated: Elizabeth Badalato,
Sylvia Hallett, Patricia McGrath,
and Betty Lee Smith, Sophomores,
and Barbara Baker ‘57.

The following officers were elect-
ed September 26 by Kappa Beta
reports Livingston Smith '56, Presi-
dent. Ernest TeBordo ’56, was
elected Treasurer and Carmen Vir-
gilio was elected Historian.

Sigma Lambda Sigma announces
the following election results: Rich-
ard VanSlette ’56. was elected Pres-
ident, Gerald Sullivan '58, Sopho—
more Parliamentarian, and Kenneth
Kime assumed the Senior Parlia-
mentarianship. The Greek‘s new
house at 155 South Lake Avenue is
being renovated to meet new safety
regulations as prescribed by law.

 

 

 

siding officer, by entering debate,
may lose his ability to control the
discussion of the group. It infers
nothing else. Aside from that, Rob-
ert's Rules of Order is a set of pro-
cedures for conducting meetings of
all sizes and all types. Strict observ-
ance of all suggestions in it is vir-
tually impossible. For example,
Robert’s Rules states that “The pre—
siding officer of a large assembly
should never be chosen for any rea-
son cxcept for his ability to pre-
side." Right here, Student. Associa-
tion deviates from the suggestion by
choosing a president (if I may
make this assumption) not only for
his ability to conduct a meeting.
but also for his experience, his
judgment, his ability to lead.

Two weeks ago in assembly, the
presiding officer had a decision to
make. Those elected to positions of
leadership in our collegc——Student
Council, Myskania, and the Student
Association officers, very carefully
in long hours of debate, concluded
that in view of the circumstances
at this time, a temporary represent-
ative government would be the only
alternative for carrying on busi-
ness in the best interests of the
Student Association. In a necessari-
ly limited debate of 25 minutes the
issue was to be decided. The largest
group present, the group that. would
actually decide the issue, was the
two-week old freshman class. If the
issue was defeated as a result of
the freshman class voting in the
negative. it would have been a great.
injustice to the association as a
whole, if the president of the asso-
ciation had not even stated his
opinion on the issue. He was elect-
cd to lead—here was his first op—
portunity to do so.

It is definitely a perogativc, and
I would consider it a duty, of the
President of Student Association
to present his views on on important
issue when he deems the situation
wurrunis it. Two weeks ago in us—
scmbly was not the first time that a
President of SA has entered debate
on all important issue, and I (‘ill‘ll-
cstly hope that it will not be the
lust.

sincerely yours,
ltobcrt F. lietscliu,
President of Student
Association.

Newman Club,

Weekend Trips

Religious clubs are planning out-
ings and conferences this weekend.

Sunday, the Newman Club will
take a trip to Auriesvllle, Shrine of
North American Martyrs. The bus
will leave at 9 am. in front of Pierce
Hall, and return at 6 pm. The club
is planning to attend Mass at the
Shrine. Bus fare will be 50 cents per
person. A concession and picnic
area are near the Shrine.

The regular meeting will be held
on Thursday at 7:30 pm. at New-
man Hall.

Inter-Varsity Christian Fellow-
ship will hold a conference at Camp
Pinnacle in co-operation with other
area colleges. The speaker will be
Mr. David H. Adney, a graduate of
Cambridge University and, until re-
cent years, a leader in youth affairs
in China. Mr. Adney is the author
of several books including the “Un—
changing Commission" and “The
Christian Student in a Communist
Society.”

The weekend will include discus-
sion groups led by Mr. Adney, Bible
studies, and recreation. All those who
are interested should contact Ann
Kammer or Gene Arnold, Seniors.

Student Christian Association will
hold nominations for officers as well
as a planned program this Thurs-
day evening at 7:30 pm. Members
and freshmen are asked to see the
bulletin board for the place.

All students interested in a new
Christian Fellowship are invited to
attend the meeting of the Lutheran
Students‘ Association on Sunday
from 5 to 7 pm. at St. John’s
Lutheran Church, 160 Central Ave-
nue.

RPl Presents

Scots Guardsmen

A touch of British royalty will
grace the area this Sunday at 2:30
and 8:30 p.m., when the Scots
Guards Band of London, Queen
Elizabeth's own household guards,
will present two perfonmances at the
RPI Field House in Troy.

The contingent, recognized as one
of the most colorful marching, mus—
ical, and dancing units in the world,
includes the regimental marching
and concert band, and the Massed
Pipers. The groups will be clad in
such traditional garb as the scarlet
coats and blue trousers of the Buck-
ingham Palace guard, blue doublet,
Royal Stuart Tartan, and ceremonial
swords. The Highland dancers will
don authentic Scotch dress.

The fame and ability of the groups
is exemplified by their history of
important performances. The pipers
have often played around the
Queen's dinner table on state occa-
sions. All the groups have perform-
ed at the Queen's coronation, her
birthday parade, and at the motilit—
ing of the guard at Buckingham
Pulucc.

The Scots Guard, under the con-
duction of Lt. Col. Sum Rhodes,
opened their first U. S. concert to
u sold-out house in Washington,
D. C.. on October 2.

 

Felicia’s Beauly Salon

53-A No. Lake Ave.
(Near Washington Ave.)
“JIMMY"——Hair Stylist

Telephone 3-9’149

Gerald Drug lie.

2” Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.
Phone tl-Stllo

 

CENTRAL

—-~ Ol’liN liVliRY

 

(.‘I.O'l'l/l'.‘.\' DRII'IRS —— MOLDING HOOKS
FOR lilll.l.li'l‘lN BOARDS

[Hill/1’8

VARIETY

3” Central Avenue —~ liclow Quail Street

Nltil‘l'l‘ "l'll. ‘) 

 

Student Council:

Council Plans Meeting With SBF,
Hears Surplus Committee Report

By MARIE CARBONE

A brisk meeting was held this
Wednesday by Student Council.
The surplus committee has contact-
ed several bus companies for actual
price lists and other information;

Club To Climb
North Mountain

Outing Club is planning a trip
this Sunday to North Mountain in
the Catskills, announces Sue Barn-
hardt '56, President of Outing Club.

The trip will consist of a five mile
round trip up to the top of the peak.
There will also be swimming for all
those persons who feel brave.

All interested parties should as-
semble at Brubacher at 10 am. Cost
for food and transportation will be
between 50 and 75 cents. Students
should sign up on the Outing Club
bulletin board or contact Sue Barn-
hardt at 62-0626. Students will be
back from the trip in time for sup-
per.

Tonight Outing Club will hold a
bonfire across from the barracks.
Cider, songs, stories will highlight
the evening. The hours for the event
will be from 8 to 10 pm.

Bullelo Supervisor
To Meet State Students

On Tuesday, at 10 a.m., Mr. Ber-
nard Shilt. a supervisor in the Buf-
falo schools will meet in Richardson
31 with all Juniors. Seniors, and
Graduate Students who may be in-
terested now or later in teaching
there.

At this meeting, Mr. Shilt will ex-
plain, among other things, the needs
of the Buffalo system, and the city‘s
working conditions. He will also cov-
er data concerning city examina.
tions.

Mr. Shilt stated that he will be
glad to answer any questions that
may arise.

recommendations from Frank Mc-
Evoy ’57, former Council member,
are being looked over. Ronald Alex-
ander ’58, is compiling information
on the college camp. Bruce King ’58,
Chairman of the Committee, is also
doing work on details of the propos-
ed scholarship program.

President Betscha stated that vot-
ing for Student Board of Finance
replacement and the Representative
Government Members will be Tues-
day and Wednesday.

Joseph Taggart ’57, reported on
the financial program of Activities
Day. The Sophomore class raised
$30.58. David Kendig ’57, moved that
Student Council recommend to
next year’s Activities Day Chairman
that no prize be awarded to a fresh-
man without a legitimate raffle.
After some discussion of Activities
Day and other functions, Kendig
moved that three members of Stu-
dent Councll, appointed by the Pres-
ident, investigate and attempt to
improve activities under sponsor-
ship of the Council. Miss Bradley,
Sara Jane Duffy and Kendig were
named to this committee.

A joint Student Board of Fin-
ance, Student Council, and Admin-
istration meeting has tentatively
been set for some Sunday evening
early in November.

Eleanor Goldman '56, declined.

the Senior membership on the All
College Revue Committee because
of work commitments. Judy Vim-
inerstedt was named to fill the post.
Kendig moved that the committee
investigate strongly having a
Broadway Show instead of a stu-
dent script. Passed.

A Good of the Order Meeting was
then held by Council; several good
suggestions were made. Betscha said
that in heated debate all will be
recognized once and then only will
someone be recognized for a second
time. King suggested that all votes
should be hand votes instead of the
verbal ayes and nayes. Clyde Payne
will give the Treasurer's report
every two weeks.

 

 

 

 

 

Company.

 

 

“He always gets like this

the night Junior calls home."

Sure, the Old Gent gets lidgetyl He’s planted
plenty of the long green on your campus. And
he wzmts to know how the crop is coming— that's
you! So why not pamper him? Call him Long
Distnncc once u week. Tell him all you've.
learned. Maybe it Won't take long. (l! ) And he'll
[mow you’ve learned something if you make
your culls nights after 6 or any time on Sundays.
That‘s when Long Distance Bargain Rates are
in cil'cct. So cull . . . coll . . . CALL! (Are we
getting through to you?

) New York Telephone

 

 

 

