  

 

 

 

 

 

into: 4

STATE COLLIGI NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 5.

Forum To Represent State College Pi Gamma Mu
At Mock Senate; Presents Speaker Lists Officers

Forum Board of Politics is parti-
cipating in the fifth annual Inter-
collegiate Mock Senate this week-
end and is presenting a speaker in
Draper 349, Tuesday, May 17, at 10
am.

The State Capitol Building will
be the scene of the Mock Senate.
Activities included are committee
Work, debates and addresses. The
State College delegation under the
chairmanship of Malcolm Rogers
'57 will present a bill to raise the
legal age for consumption of alco-
holic beverages from eighteen to
twenty-one unless the person or per-
sons are in the accompaniment of
their legal guardian.

'News' Probes
Student Finances

The State Couege News has, with
the cooperation of Robert Betscha
’56, Vice-President of the Student
Association, and the Financial Of-
fice of the College, obtained a list-
ing of the student finances up to
the present time.

$3,382.36 is the present surplus
fund, from which initial requests,
authorized by the Student Associa-
tion, have been drawn during the
year. There is, in addition, $6,000 on
deposit in one bank, and two sepa-
rate amounts of $3,000 each on de-
posit in two other accounts.

The Student Facilities Fund of
the Faculty-Student Association has
on deposit in two banks the sum of
$8,448.21 and $8,917.69. This money
was collected some years ago for
the building of a Student Union,
which the State paid for.

There are two other existing funds
and one proposed one. $167.03 re-
mains in a different Student
Facilities Fund and $771 is in a
fund, titled the “Big Four Fund,”
under the custodianship of
the Vice-President of SA. Today in
assembly, a vote will be taken as to
whether a third fund shall be es-
tablished, called the All-College
Revue Fund, to consist of the prof-
its from past and future Ail-College
Revues, to finance such a show each
year,

As of March 31, the four classes
had the following balances: Class of
1955, $681.44; Class of 1956, $647.01:
Class of 1957, $960.98, and Class of
1958, $710.53.

MUD...

(Continued from Page 1, Column 5)

ernlty Scholarship Award. Ellen C.
Stokes, Dean of Women, will pre-
sent the Intersorority Council
Scholarship and announce the Resi-
dence Council and Junior Guide ap-
pointments. The U.B.E.A. Smcad
Award will then be presented by
Milton C. Olson, Chairman of the
Commerce Department.

The classes will then move up un.
der the direction of Linda Niles
‘56 and Elizabeth Becker ’55.
The assemblage will then witness
the tapping of the Myskania mem-
bers for 1955-56. Announcements
will then be made concerning the
results of the elections for the vari-
ous organizations on the campus.
Myskunia will then announce the
new class officers to be followed by
the announcements of the Student
Association Officers by Conn.

The Recessionnl will be directed
by Miss Becker, The forming of
niunernls on Page Field, the tradi-
tionul Ivy Speech and the National
Anthem will conclude the morning
festivities.

Albany lllgh Scene 0f Ml'l) Skit

“Dial M for Minerva." written by
Nancy Evans  will be offered at
8 pm. in the Albany High School
Auditorium. The Pod Cuts under the
baton of Clyde Pnync will offer mu-
sical selections before the show. The
skit concerns the antics of a cer-
tain professor giving his famous
lecture with Audio-Visual Aids on
the Highlights of Albany’s own State
College.

Immediately upon the conchision
oi’ the Skit the 'I‘radltloinil Sing will
take place on the steps of Draper.
Miss Niles will conduct the Alma
Mater, and the ’i‘ruditionul Songs.
In case of inclement Weather. the
Sing will be held in the Albany High
School auditorium.

All bills passed today, tomorrow
and Sunday will be submitted to
the Governor for consideration. A
highlight of the activities will be
the presentation of an Award by
the Freedom Foundation to the
Mock Senate for its Work in ac-
quainting students and the public
with the working of our state legis-
lative body. The deliberations are
open to all interested faculty and
students.

Delegates to the conference are
Mary LaPree ’55, Charles McHarg
and Barbara Salvatore, Juniors, and
Rogers. Alternates will be Mary
Martire ’55, Jean Hageny ’56, and
Dominick DeCecco and Richard Er-
bacher, Sophomores. Paul Saimond,
Grad, will serve as the Assistant to
the President of the Mock Senate.

Tuesday, May 17, at 10 am. in Dra-
per 349, Forum will present Mr. Jona-
than Bingham,’ Secretary to Gov-
ernor Harriman. Bingham, who has
worked as Technical Cooperation
Director of the Point Four Pro-
gram, will speak on “The Point Four
Program.”

Pi Gamma Mu, National Honor-
ary Social Science Fraternity, held
a banquet Wednesday at O'Connor’s
at which time they inducted six-
teen members into the honorary,
announces Ann Tobey ’55, outgoing
President. The officers for next year
have also been released.

The new initiates from the Class
of ’55 are: Kathryn Johnston, Wal-
ter Lawder, H. David Van Dyck and
C. Cynthia Wilson. From the Class
of ’56 the new members are: Gre-
gorio Carrira, Claire Deioria, Sally
Doody, Manfred Hochmuth, Jr.,
Robert Jennings, Frances Monahan,
Barbara Murnane, William Rock,
George Singenberger, Lorraine
Spengler, Andrey Teal, and Virginia
Van Orden. The speaker at the ban-
quet was Dr. Walter Simon, As-
sistant Professor of History.

The officers for Pi Gamma Mu for
next year are: President, Robert
Jennings '56: Vice-President, Man-
fred Hochmuth, Jr. ‘56; Secretary,
Claire Deioria ’56; Treasurer, Lor-
raine Spengler ’56.

 

New Views:

Bricker Amendment To Curtail
Presidential Power ll Accepted

By M. A. ROGERS
The controversy over the Bricker
Amendment has sprung up anew.
The battle seems to revolve around
the same arguments which were pre-
sented last year. The administra-
tion holds that the amendment is

Sororities And Frais

(Continued from Page 1, Column 1,)
Club, according to Robert Sage ‘55,
President: Richard Sonnergreen
'56, Robert Backer, Lewis Carr,
Henry Muller, James Morrissey,
Bruce Willis, Joseph Zizzi, John
Knapp, William Mason, Sophomores;
Henry Aceto, Ronald Alexander
Peter Barbagelata, Joseph Barton,
Nils Briska, Donald Brennan, Jo-
seph Benton, Robert Bossomworth,
Thomas Briely, Paul Cullen, Ross
Dailey, Emerson Miller, Keith 01-
son, Bruce Pfaff, Jack Tate, Haliis
Tibbetts, Francis Nencetti, Wendaii
Fowler, Ira Goldstein, Ronald
Graves, Wayne Harvey, Tony Kord-

not at all necessary as the consti-
tution is the supreme law any way
with or without the amendment. In
light of some recent lower court
decisions it would appear that this
position of supremacy is being ques-
tioned; how long before this doc-
trine will reach the Supreme Court?
The crux of the matter lies main-
ly in what might be called “legisla-
tion by executive agreement or
treaty.” A treaty made by the Presi-
dent and ratified by a two-thirds
vote of the Senate can grant to.
Congress rights which the Consti-
tution does not. We think, there-
fore, since treaties “can cut across
the rights given to the people by
the constitutional Bill of Rights,”
such an amendment is quite neces-
sary. The quote, by the way, is from
the speech of a certain J. F. Dulles.

 

ziel, Richard Kotsi, Austin Leahy,
Thomas Morgan, Donald Mayer.
Harry Miilett, Jack Gibson and Rob—
ert Woyton, freshmen.

 

 

 

CAMPUS “STAND-OUTS”

“i’ve got L‘M. .. and

HM’s got everything! ”

Stands Out from All the Rest! LaM wins its letters for

ﬂavor. . . Light and Mild. And the pure, white Miracle Tip draws
easy, so you enjoy a_il the taste. No wonder LaM sales are soaring
on campus after campus. M's America's best filter cigarette.

 

BMOC

(D boom in: Mrm 'l‘oaicco Co.

 

 

 

   

ll Thirteen Reach Q

   

 

 

uota in Myskania Election,-

en-Women Ratio Remains Same As Last Year

40th Honorary Body Ascends
Steps in Tense Page Ceremony

The ratio of men to women will remain the same on
the Senior Honorary Society next year. The women will
maintain their majority of eight, while the men will keep
their number at five.

After the classes have “moved up" to their new posi-
tion, and after “Arm in Arm” has been sung, the tradi-
tional tapping ceremony began. A hush fell upon the audi-
torium while the old Myskania filed into the second row
of seats in preparation for the tapping.

The first members of the out-going group to step
slowly forward were Robert Joseph Coan, President of Stu-
dent Association, who acted as the speaker and announced
the names of the new members, and Mary Joan Carlin,
Chairman of Myskania, who pinned the new members with
the purple and gold tassles which are the symbol of the
office.

MARY BREZNY was the first member of the 1955-56
Myskania to be chosen by tapping. Her name boomed out
as Robert Allen Sage and Olga Komanowski stopped in the
aisle beside her row in the assembly. Miss Brezny served
as SA Secretary in her Sophomore year and will serve as
Senior Class Vice-President.

Donna Kathleen Hughes and John Franklin ()rscr
were the second pair to leave the stage. Their slow walk
around the auditorium ended beside MARJORIE ANN
KELLEHER. Miss Kelleher served as Vice-President of the
Sophomore Class and President of the Junior Class. After
Miss Kelleher took her position on the stage, Zoe Ann
Laurie and Ann Christie 'l‘obey tapped the first male mem-
ber of the new Myskania, who was SIGMUND ARNOLD
SMITH. Smith was escorted to the stage and took his place
as the third member to look out on the sea of excited
and anxious faces. Smith was Vice-Presidan of his class
this year and will be President of the incoming Senior
Class.

ROBERT FRANCIS BETSCHA, the ncwly clcctcd Prcs-
idcnt and former Vice—President of Studan Association,
was the next to be tapped. Dolores Marie Montalbano and
Ronald Anthony Koster circled to the back of the aucti-
torium before stopping beside Bctscha and escorting him
to the stage.

The new director of Frosh Camp, SAMUEL JOHN
KRCHNIAK, was fifth to be tapped. Miss Komanowski, dc-
scending once again from the stagc, and Mary Ai'cang‘cla
lacavone brought Krclmiak to thc rostrum.

As silence fell again, Charles Henry Beckwith and
Orser walked solemnly to the row where MARY JANE
FISHER, Chairman of State Fair this year was seated.

The seventh member to bc added to the new Myskania
was JOSEPH RICHARD KELLY, tapped by Mary Louise
Battisti and Sage. Kelly has been active in his class and
in athletics, and will be Chairman of State College Ath-
letic Advisory Board next year.

After circling twice, Miss Laurie and Kostcr broke the
suspense. by tapping the fourth woman, JUDITH ANN
VIMMERSTEDT. Miss Vimmcrstcdt was active in Dra-
matics and has been President of Christian Scicncc Or-
gainzation.

The ninth mcinbcr tapped was THERESE KATHER-
INE BARBER. Miss Barber, cscortcd to thc stage by Orsci'
and Miss Tobey, has been an active mcmbcr of the Statc
Collcgc chutc team and has served on Studan Council.

As the atmosphere became more tcnsc, with the scnsc
of competition becoming more keen, Miss Battisti and Miss
Montaibano descended into the hushed auditorium to tap
ALAN DONALD WEINER. A prominent cntcrtaincr at
State College, Wcincr has been active in Student Govern-
ment as well as Dramatics.

LINDA LOU NILES was the sixth woman added to thc
Myskania roster. Bcckwith and Kostcr came from the rear
of the i‘iuditorium to puusc as Coan called the name of
this year‘s Student Association Songlcadcr, who will oc-
cupy seat number clcvcn.

Aftcr Miss Carlin prcscntcd Miss Nilcs with her Mys-
kauiu tusslc and she joincd the ranks of the new mcmbcrs,
Miss lacavonc and Sagc descended into thc tcnsc audience
to escort JANE ANN 1.0MAN to thc stagc. Miss Loman
was Secretary of tlic .lunior Class and will be the Co-Di-
rector of Women's Frosh Camp ncxt year.

The suspcnsc rcachcd its uch as Miss Hughes and
Miss Lauric circch the auditorium twice, carefully search-
ing for thc last member to be taipcd, AILEEN JANE

COCHRANE, Editor of the State Co logo News.

 

State Colleg

umllllm,
w.“ a”,
 

 

 

 

2.460

ALBANY. NEW YORK. SATURDAY. MAY 7, 1955

 

Betscha Sweeps SA Presidency;

Classes Elect Smith, Duiiy,

Eighteen Females,

Thirteen Males
To Take Oliice

Thc clusscs of 1956. 1957 und 1958
have chosen two men and one wom-
an to load ihcm. This has bccn the
puttci'n for thc last two ycnrs. Sig-
mund Smith was clccicd in ilil un—
conlcsicd cicciion and will sci'vc us
Prcsidcni of the Scuior class ncxt
your, To scl'vc with Smith the class
cit‘i'lct‘i: Mary Brezny, Vicc-Prcsi-
dcui; Vivinn Schiro, Secretory;
()lina Fusco, ’l‘rcnsurcr: Jane lde,
(‘hcci-lcndcr: Cnrolc Hughes. Pub-
licitv i)ircci.o1'. .lcnn l-lugcny, Bruce
King, Robcrtn Slcln and Dick Van
Slclic will scrvc on Siudcni Comi-
cil.

('Iuss of 1057 Elections

Sum .Jniic [Judy is lhc Junior
class Prcsidcni. Hci'ving with her
will bc: Michucl Mnxinn, Vice-
Prcsnicin: lillcunor Honey, Sccre-

nry; Mill‘ihili'f‘l Williams. Ti'cnsili‘ci';
Mary Lou Fink, Chccrlcndcr; Patri-
ciu Hull, Songlcudci'; Elizabth Stu~
plcton, Publicity Dircctor. Joseph
Anderson. Robci'l Burns. Dominick
Dc Cccco :uid Duvid Kcudigl will
schc on Sludcnf Council.

(‘luss of limit I‘Ilcctions

Richard Hinck was victorious in
u vcry closc rucc for Sophomore
class Prcsidcni. 'l‘lu- othcr officers
are: .loscph Burton. Vicc-Prcsidcut:
Susan Fnillc. Sccrciury, Keith ()1—
son, ’i‘rcusurcr. Bcvcriy Ross, Clicci'-
lcndci‘, Mury Ann Kuskowski, Pub—
licity Director. Ronald Alcxnndcr,
Marilyn Lcuch. (lull Petty, and John
Stci’uuo will scrvc on Siudcni. Coun-
cil.

liiitillll‘i'll womcu uud tiin'lccu incn
\vcl‘c cicclcri to liic \‘nl'ions cluss oi—
iiccs this ycui‘.

Publications Release
Still Appointments

Al :1 l‘t'uliinl' mcciiug of the State
(‘ollcg'e News Board ’l‘ucsdny cvc—
uinu, promotions wcrc inudc io thc
ucwspnpcr stuii', stnics Ailccn Coch-
rnuc '56, Editor-iii-Chicf.

Promotions In thc Sports Dcpnrt-
.iucut inciudc (ici'uld Birr und li’uul
Dnmmcr. l'rcshincn, us Sports Desk
l'lditors. Mary Ann Schotlhuubci‘
und Riiu i.nnibogiiu. Sophomorcs,
wcrc clccii-d to ihc position of Co-
llusincss-Advcriisiug Editors. Addi—
tions to thc Editoriul stuil‘ includc
.lcnncltc Picirninoni '58 uhd Aim
Ncisoii ‘57.

Slicilu Listcr ‘fi’l, Editor-iii-Chlcf
of ihc Stufc Coilc;c li‘rushnnui
Handbook. uuuounccs additions to
this editorial staff. Mlchucl Muxiun
and Betty llnc Vun Vluck, Juniors,
will be seated behind the runniniug
Junior lslditors' desks. Sophomores
nppoiutcd to the stall" will inclndc:
Mury li‘orniun. lsilcuuor Roncy, Rich-
in‘d Suucr, Matthew ()stoyich, Mu~
i'ic Cui'boiic uiid Elizabeth Stupieton.

 

ROBERT BE’I‘S( ‘IIA

Luii‘ Assumes

[Ped’ Editorship

'l‘hc Editor-in-Chicf of the liter—
ury nnnuni, thc l‘cdngoguc. will be
Carol Ann Lqu '56, announces rc-
iiring Editor Ronald Kosicr ‘55. As-
sisting MlSs Lui't will be Jnnc White-
hurst. Busincss Muuugcr; .lnnc Aim
Loinun. Photography Editor; Eliza-
hclh Aim Vl‘omilil, Litcrury Editor;
and Dorothy Rasmussen, Advertis—
ing Munngci'. All nrc uncinbci's of
thc Cluss of 1956.

Mcuibcrs of the Class of 1957 lhnt
will be nssisling in thc publication
urc: Jounn anmcrcik. Art Editor;
'l‘rudy Stcnuncr und Eilccn Stcrns,
Photography Editors: Clifford Duvls
and John Rciiicrs, Literary Editors;
and Bcth Bcchlcr us Business Mun-
ngcr.

Sinii incinbcrs will includc: John
Knapp und Wiliium Giiicttc '57,
(icrnld Buni‘icid. Donald Ricc, .lo-
scph Burton, Michuci Brcnnun,
Donuld Biudriiu, and Churics Will-
scy. The latter ni'c incinbci's of the
Ciuss of 1957.

Scholastic Honorary
Chooses Members

Six new mcmbcrs from the Clnss
of 1955 and twclvc members of the
Junior Cinss have been ucccptcd
into Slgnum Linidis. the scholastic
honorary society of State College.

’l‘iic lwo pci‘ ccni of lith to bc
nunu-d by President Collins today
urc Wliilillll Bchuuiuk, George
Cochran. illdwnrd Corncll. Wnltcr
Luwdcr, Mni'y Muriu'c uud Kcith
itiisscii.

The first
Junior Ciuss wrrc
urc: llobcri llctschu, Junci Burl,
Blil'biii‘ll Dencudorf, ll. Mcridcnc
Fox, liui‘buru (litlow. Eicunor (lold‘
mun. Janc Lonnin. Frances Monu-
hun. Burburu Moore, Sigmund
Smith, Dorothy Siudlcy und Willi-
son Waller.

cent of thc
sclccicd. 'l‘hcy

four per

Hinck

Payne Captures
Vice-Presidency,-
BradleyVictorious

By an overwhelming margin, Rob-
ert Betschn was elected President of
Student Association for 1955-1956.
Obtaining 607 votes out of 871 votes
cast, Betschn received nearly three-
quarters of the ballots.

Clyde Payne will ﬁll the Student
Association Vice-Presidential post
for next year. Coming from behind
David Kcndiu, Payne “on by seven
ballots in the final distribution.

The election for Secretary went
to Mary Bradley in the ﬁfth distri-
bution. Shc consistently l'illl ahead
of her ncnrcsi competitor. Marilyn
Lcuch.

Filling the post of SA Songieader
for the second consccutivc your will
be Linda Nilcs ‘56, receiving over
half the votcs cast.

Four New Members of Sill"

Student Board of Finuucc mem—
bci's for ncxt ycni' will be Samuel
Krclmiuk '56. Jo-Annc Kuzmcrcik
nnd ’l‘rudy Slcmmer, Sophomores,
and David Biiun, '58. All the pre-
ccding are new to the ofﬁce. The
curry-over will be June Whiiehursi.
'56, clccicd last year,

AA Board Elections

Filling the roster of SA offices
will bc the two new Sinic College
Athlctic Advisory Board members.
Virginia Hilkikcr '56 and Joseph
Swicrzowski '57.

APA, AE Phi
Win Honor Cups

’i‘his ycur for the first innc ill.
scvrrn yours, thc liiicrii'uicruiiy
Hi-ho‘ u‘ship Cup for thc fraternity
with be highest ilCil(ltt‘llit' uvcrugc
is uwindcd to Alpha Pi Alpha, nn-
nounccs Dcnn Lunford. The men of
this frut‘rnlty maintained on aver-
ngc of 2.‘il, us ugninsi thni of 2.58
of Knppn Beta. 2.48 of E. E, Potter
Club, and 2.43 of Sigma Lambda
Sigma. The cup is it contribution
of a number of recent graduates
and will be awarded annually until
one fraternity receives it three
iimcs, at which point it will become
the pcrmuucni )Xisscssion of that
fraternity.

Alil’hi Repeats Win

Dcun Stokes nnnouuccs thni Al-
phu Epsilon Phi Sorority ugiiin hns
won the lnicrsororiiy Scholurshu.)
Cup, lnivuig muintuincd an nvcrugc
of 2.837. Ruunci's-up ill the schol—
uhlli' competition are: Gamma Kap-
pu Phi, 2.773; Kappa Delta, 2.734:
nnd Chi Sigma 'i‘hciu, 3.733.

llcun itcleuscs (lulde (‘Imlrmcn

'l‘hc Chairmen of the Junior
Guides will be Nancy Schneider and
Joseph ’l‘nggcrt, according to Dean
Stokes.

 

VOL. xxxx No. 119,»

 

