 

i
l
l
4

  
 

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
  

  

“WWMWW%W%QW V

 

PAGE 2

The Only Linlt . . .

For the first time in eleven years Albany is playing
host to the Inter-Collegiate Association Conference, which
convened here yesterday and which will continue through
tomorrow. The purposes of this Association, the lonely link
between the students of the State Teachers’ Colleges, are
“to establish and maintain a close relationshi among the
Teachers’ Colleges of the State University of ew York, to
further the teaching profession in New York State, and to
act as a represented voice of the student bodies to the New
York State Legislature and to the administration of the
State University of New York.”

We extend a most hearty welcome to the delegates
who have traveled from all over the State to attend this
conference. We are glad to see you, proud to be your host,
and most sincerely hope that the conference is a success-
ful one. I.C.A. appears to be a fast-growing organization
and could prove to be most powerful and influential, in
view of the fact that it is the only one of its kind in the
State. In the fulfillment of its purposes, the student bodies
in the State Teachers’ Colleges will benefit greatly through
cooperation in this group.

It's Only Money . . .

Wednesday evening at the Special Assembly of Stu-
dent Association in the game room, 2000 students were
represented by only 100 people. The purpose of this meet-
ing, to discuss using $10,000 of our money, apparently was
not deemed important enough to want the attention and
attendance of the other 1900 members of State College.
This apathetic attitude on the part of the students is very
disheartening and deserves condemnation. The Assembly
was extremely well publicized and every student in the
college should have heard about it and been there.

The freshman class, who will be most affected by this
proposed purchase of a college camp, was there in full
force with approximately ten members. If the class of ’59
showed this much disinterest in their first year, what will
they be doing 4 years from now? Spending the money in
our surplus is one of our most important responsibilities
and should be taken to heart by every member of Student
Association.

   

Congratulations . . .

A warm round of applause goes to Dominick DeCecco,
Chairman of Homecoming Weekend, and his committees,
for their excellent work evidenced this past weekend. De—
spite the fact that the weather was against them, this
third annual reunion proved to be the most successful thus
far. The number of alumni returning was quite surprising
and they, in turn, were quite surprised by the welcome pre-
pared for them. In addition to the party and dance sched-
uled in previous years, this committee exhibited a great
deal of ingenuity in arranging for a very unusual parade
before the soccer game. They should be commended for
the work they did in producing the outstanding floats that
appeared.

Other new features were the sorority and fraternity
alumni open houses, sale of Chrysanthemums at the game,
and the Jazz Concert.

The committees also deserve praise for the excellent
publicity distributed to the alumni which attracted more
grads than had ever before turned up for this event. They
worked hard and long and after having had the date
changed a few times, and produced one of the best-organ-
ized weekends seen by us in the past four years.

Let‘s hope next year’s Homecoming will be as success-
ful as this year's weekend. Congratulations on a job well
done!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

EBTABlei‘iED MAY IBIG

BY THE CLASS OF iDIB

 

First. Place CSPA First Place ACP
VOL. XL Nrivcinbcr 11. 1956 No. '

Members of the NEWS Slilll may be i'ciiched 'l'lltlstlily and Wednesday from 7 to
ll p m. Ill. 15-33150. Ext ll I'llUlli'h Cochrunc, 23-70:”), Swiei‘zowski. Ll-iltl-iil; (ioldsteln,
2-2012. Kcndlg, i’i-ilillll.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers;
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student
Association.

AILEBN COCIIIIANI: - - - - - - - - - lditor~ln-Ohlef
ES’I‘IIEII GOLDH‘i‘IiIN - - Co-I'uhiin Relations Editor
OAVII) KENIHO - - - Co-I'ublic ltelatiomi Editor
RI'I‘A LAMIIOOIJA - - - (lo-lluulncsmAdvertising Editor
MARY ANN SCIIIAI'I‘TIIAlIIIEIt - - (lti‘ﬂilﬂliitlhhq‘llVtil‘tittlllil Editor
JOYCE MEYERMAN - - — - - - - Circulation Editor

L4
p—

MABOIA LAWRENCE - - - - - - - - Allooilt Idit
IIOIIAID SAUEI - - - - - - ~ - - Aeroﬂot: Idit::
JOSII’II SWIEBZOWHKI - - - - - - - - Sports Editor

DOROTHY IIASMUHSEN - — - - - Senior Sports Editor

JOIIN lNAI'l‘ - - - - - - - - - lite" Photographer
All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be rigiiod. Name-
wiil be withheld on request. Tile STATE COLLEGE NEWS asauiiiun no responsibility for
opinions expressed in its columns or oonnnunicatlons, as Mich expressions do not

necessarily reflect its view».

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

lKWKWl

  

 

By JOHN REINERS

Suspense at Palace

The Desperate Hours arrives at
the Palace, with plenty of excite-
ment and good acting. These crim-
inals force their way into a peace-
ful home and force this family to
hide them from the law. The situa-
tion is, of course, tense, so the pic-
ture is exciting and the audience
chews its fingernails. Humphrey
Bogart plays the leader of the gang,
and Fredrick March is the head of
the wronged family. After this, you
will never answer any strange
knocks on your door. After all, no
telling who it might bel
Old Men and Girls at Strand

They're carving out a frontier
again, this time it's called The Tall
Men. It stars Clark Gable and Rob-
ert Ryan, who are so old they look
rugged. (and that’s important when
you’re a frontiersman) and Jane
Russell, who looks far too modern
(if you know what I mean) to ever
have really graced a frontier. At any
rate Jane divides her affection be-
tween Clark and Bob, and the movie-
goer has a good time.
Oldie at Madison

That heroic work, To Hell and
Back, which is Audie Murphy’s true
story, starring Audie Murphy, is still
in town (this time at the Madison)
although I can't see why. But I have
driven this one into the ground be-
fore so I won’t say anything about
it again. Sure is a stab in the back
for a moviegoer, though.
Shakespeare at Delaware

Last week I reported that Romeo
and Juliet was at the Delaware. I
was wrong. Sorry. The star-crossed
lovers are there now, however, for
all to see. You’ll love the photogra-
phy even if the acting won't move
you too much—but after all, you
can't really go wrong with Shakes-
peare.

@1me

To the Editor:

I would like to take this opportu-
nity to thank all those people who
in any way helped make Homecom-
ing Weekend a success. The turnout
of alumni and students was the
greatest in all three years and will
be greater in years to come.

Homecoming Weekend should be
the biggest affair in the entire stu-
dent year. One look at what other
colleges do for their Homecoming
Weekends will give State an idea of
what can be done with more stu-
dent interest and participation. A
bigger band, sorority and fraternity
floats, Junior Prom Queen float, and
perhaps other student organization
floats would add tremendously to
the size and color of the affair.

A start has been made. I hope,
toward the realization of these goals.
Student interest and participation
has been aroused, so let’s see a
bigger and better Homecoming for
next year.

Thank you.

Dominick DeCecco,
Chairman.

 

 

 

To the Editor:

To all freshmen who participated
in the Rivalry Sing last Friday, I'd
like to offer my sincerest thanks for
the great job you did. Especially I'd
like to thank: Marlene Ferner illl(i
George Harris who wrote the music
to the Alma Mater; Bunny Cogen.
Gull Hogan, George Salem. Sally
Clark who wrote the words to the
Alma Mater; Sheilu Diibi'usin, Bur-
burn Vtiufnuin who wrote the W()l'(i.i
to the Fight, Song; and finally Roll‘
nic Short, Nun Shefi‘crs. Nancy
Richards. Juno Showcrinun and
Winnie Young for writing the song
to the Rival Class. Thanks to cVei'y-
one again.

Your Rivalry Song Lender,
Claudia Allcock.
To the Editor:

We are writing this letter in ref-
crciicc to two very simplc. but “it‘ll”-
lngful words which appeared in
Common Stiitci' lust. wcck, (‘rummy
Commons.

Wc, us co-chnirmcn of the Com—
inons, lounge iuid cafeteria do boili-
ci'. We are more than interested in
seeing these places cleaned up. We
have but one question, "How?" Our
solutions to tilc conditions hi thcsc
i'ctrcuts hich only pnrtly solved the
situation. In addition, we liuvc rc-
ccivcd little or no help from SA.

((Mnllnuud on Pttﬂtl o', Utillilllli II

 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 11. 1955

i

t
.i
l
!

Soccer Rally Bonfire, ~"--

l
I

 

.ﬂ‘)‘.

 

  

t' a

n

 

 

 

 

 

Gammon-Slate!»

By 'I‘INAI’I' and DEVINE

 

 

 

TO BUY OR NOT TO BUY

It certainly came as a surprise to find that sixteen out of every
seventeen students in this college are not interested in money. Approx-
imately 100 students somehow managed to show up for a discussion of
whether or not we should spend $10,000 of our money for the purchase
of a college camp.

We feel that we will never have another opportunity such as this
one, No one who has seen the area. has anything but favorable com-
ments. It would make available to the entire student body a privati-
spot which we could use at any time.

There are those who feel that this camp should be bought with thc
S.U. fund. This is ridiculous! This money was contributed by ill(ll\'l(lllill.\
for the planning, building and equipping of a student union. Its use for
any other purpose is not right. And let‘s face it, any person who really
feels it's plausible or practical to contact individually, each of the people
who contributed to this fund, in order to secure their o.k. to spend it.
on a camp, should have his head exainitial—carefully!

WAR AND PEACE

We welcome back the battered and scarred remnants of that proud
legion which issued forth so gallnntly eight Weeks ago to do battle with
the student foe, and truly hope their successors can continue in the
light of their shining example. Rcmeinhcr: Don't fire 'til you see l.lll'
whites of their spit balls. Ron Wilson has the exclusive distrilnitorship
for 3rd hand water pistols.

APA'I‘IIETIC OR JUST I’A'l‘IlE’l‘IC‘.’

Interesting to note the current rivalry score in which the frosh It‘lltl
9-8. If the statements about the apathy of the freshnuin class tll't‘ truc.
where does that leave the Sophomores?

DON'T TREAI) ON ME

Rather than take sides and make friends, we shall criticizc ti'tlll-
structively?) and influence people. The subjectJFhe Veterans vs. Stu—
dent Council. The theme ~Wcllll. the turnout. of vcls at the Monday
meeting of BC. was impressive. We feared u gathering of such suspicious
numbers bodcd some general ill tor good) like an assassination. But
after u (iiSconncctcd. but heated debate, :1 temporary trncc scttlcd ()l't'l'
the meeting like it wishy—wushy soap opera ending. It \vai'incil nmnv
an embittered heart to see so many shining. vengeful fuccs til. :i Stit-
dcnt Council meeting. but why is it this impressive rcsponsc only t)('(.‘lll‘.\
when individual interests iil‘t‘ being discussed? .

ANSWER TO LAST WEEK'S Ql'ES’l‘ION:
Big band! ! !!“*“' ' ’II it
QUESTION OI" THIS WEEK:

Where. oh where is the purliomentziriun‘3

 

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER II

7:30 |).lll. Soccer 'i't'ttlll Pcp Holly and lionl'ire. St. Mary‘s lv‘icld

8:00 pm. Showng of Slides by .l. Wcsicy Clnldci‘s, Professor oI Moti—
t'l‘ll I.iilllHllillLi‘.\, Di'upcr Hill.

lntcr-Collcgnitc Association Diincc, lii'nbuchcr Dining lioom
Sxi'i‘l'RllAV. NOVEMBER l2

ilvll‘. pm. Student, Union lioul'ti Soccer Duncc, lil'lllltlt‘llt‘l' Dining llooili

il~lil pm.

Hi 7“!) lii', NOVEMIH‘IR lli
2—‘l phi. Studcnl Unloii

lioungc.

The Society of Critical 'l‘liougllt. ()liaiiiiiing lhill.

I’ui'k Home Open Hollst‘.

'I‘liurlow Open House.

Lutheran Student. Association Supper und lilhlc Study. Hit

John's Church. ‘

Student Union lloiii'd Mcciing, lii'iibuclicl'

lioiii'd Listening llour. lii'uliui-hci' Uppcr

ilztlt) p.in.
3-0 pm.
5—7 pm.
7.01) pm.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER H

“:00 pin. It‘i'ntci'nity Sinokcr. lli'uhiichci' lliill.

’l‘l'ESliAV, NOVEMBER 15

llztltl pin. Advanced Di'unnitic Laboratory Productions, Drupcr 1H!)

t) uni-4 pill. Abscllicc Voting. (.‘ninpiis Quccn. ltcpri-scntntncs ii'oin
itlfitl, lillill. l.o\\ci' lluslcd.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER ii. 195!

 

PAGE 3

 

 

0n Eda; 14a Intellectual

By FRED SILVA, 01’.

There are variOUS methods, in
these days of specialization, to
achieve success in this life, the next
life, and the limbo in which we
find ourselves. One may read Nor-
man Vincent Peale or Fulton Sheen
for the hereafter, Horatio Alger or
Dale Carnegie for the here, but no-
where can one find what to do about
success here in limbo. Being a con-
firmed Dewey follower observations
have been made, and conclusions
have been drawn.

Success can be found by becoming
the head of the cmnimittee for Riv—
airy Revival, running for Myskania
or “who cares," becoming the one
person every frat wants, becoming
a tremendous beer drinker tthe last
two being practically synonymous),
etc. These are all things that re-
quire, obviously, much time and ef-
fort. There is, therefore. presented
one easy avenue to the top—become
an intellectual. The wonderful part
of this is that not one lobe has to
be lifted to attain “egg head-dom."
It is all in the mind of the masses
at large of course.

The first thing to do is look like
one of these. This can be done with
case. If you are to be a male in-
tellectual. don‘t shave. If a female,
stop washing or let your hair grow
long. This. of course. can be done
by both male or female. Next in the
physical reconstruction is to look
downcast and sad. When asked why.
mumblc something about the cruel—
ty of the world or your own part1-
cular neurosis. Create an uneffable
aura. of mystery about yourself.
This can be done by growling mono—
syllabic passages of From Here to
Eternity out loud in the hall or sim—
ply not bathing after running a.
mile in the Sim.

All these things will make the
“unintellcctual” immediately rele-
gate you to the “dirty tee shirt" set
and question your loyalty to God,
country and Minerva. But those of
the. cult will praise you and wallow
in your integrity.

So much for the physical aspects.
This alone will soon pale, and you
will be excommunicated for “pre-
tention" and again be it nobody to
man without a peer group). So we
must now try to develop ll set of

Dorms Schedule
Open Houses

Park and Thurlow Hulls will hold
open houses Sunday from 3 to 6
pin. stutcs Beverly Andy '57, and
Sheila Monuhiin ‘58, House Prcsi»
dents.

Park House officers include Vice-
President of North House, Frieda
Asscel '59; South Park House: Mary
Jane Mcuru '57. President; Secre—
tary, Bcrnicc Tyler. and ’I‘rcasurer,
Ruth Larson, Sophomores.

The following committees have
been iunncd: Chairman of Publicity.
Mui‘gc Toth; Refreshments. SL‘lllliL
Wiigcnhocim; Reception Fran Co—
nicsky; Invitations. Corrine McKic,
Sophomores; Arrangements. Vir-
giniu Stout; Clean-up. Joyce Oat-
nmn. fi'cshnicn.

’l‘liurlow I—lzill. located lit 1 Thur-
low ’l‘crruc‘g has the following girls
as oliiccrs: Vice-President. Rosc-
nnn'y Suntonicolu '58; Secretary.
.iulic i'il‘cr ‘59.

Kappa Delta Epsilon
Organizes Temporarily

Killlilil Delta. Epsilon, the profes—
sional ('(llli'iillllllili sorority. incl. last
night. in lirubnchcr. 'l‘his organiza-
tion. composed of all interested Jun—
ior. Senior. und grudnntc Wizlllt‘ll,
held its initial meeting ’l‘hursdiiy,
October 27. ill which the purpose.
activities, :illil inih‘lh' of lllt‘llllit'l’Hllill
wcl'c tlisclisscd.

laisi night the program lilt‘lil(ll'tl
i'i-vlcws oi [\vo lli'llt'lt'h lll current
_]t)lll'ilillb‘ by Lorrainc Hpciigit'l' und
'l‘lioiuiisinii l‘iigun 'oti. the establish—
lllt'lll oi ll lcinporiiry orgunimiion
including the scicction of u chair—
man. and the discussion of ii iuunc
lor the group.

attitudes and ideas that will imme-
diately brand you as one of those.
You will be aided by the masses of
students who really don't know
much to begin with and assume that
anything not in the frosh handbook
is “intellectual curiosity.”

Immediately upon deciding to be-
come a member of the elite, pur-
chase several volumes with impos-
ing titles to carry around. Buy sev-
eral so that they may be inter-
changed around once a week. Toyn-
bee, Eliot, Barzun, etc.. are good
bets. Don't bother to read them.
that is quite unnecessary. You might
even pick up a copy of one of those
“arty little magazines" and flash it
around. You will be on the way to
arrival when a student asks, “What
course that for?” The idiot!

Class behavior is of prime lin-
portance. Try to appear unimpressed
by it all. Wake up occasionally to
question the “semantic validity of
that last word." Periodically mum-
ble to your next seat neighbor that
“chapter 26 was great" when you
were asked to read chapter 12.
Chapter 26 may be the index but
who ever reads a chapter 12 around
here.

Damn the republic, the economic
system. professors, John Dewey, Mo-
zart, Renoir, Hawthorne as being
crass or unimaghiative. This always
goes over big and raises eye brows
in that smoke-filled corner. Pro-
cloim yourself a radical, atheist. free
thinker, Knight of Pythias, Rosi-
crucian, Budhist. or a person given
to critical thought on Sunday aft-
ernoons. These are good steps in the
right direction.

Next select an obscure playwright,
poet, novelist or inuslcian and praise
him to the skies. Von Schlassingkov
is a good one for an example. De-
clare that he is the most creative
force since Genesis and that some
day he will be recognized, and the
world will sorrow that he perished
on a tavern floor in Passaic. If you
can't do this, at least dash in one
A. M. and cry, “Good lord, but Poe
was sexless." This is sure to arouse
healthy “intellectual curiosities."

There are. of course, many indivi-
dual ways to accomplish what has
been merely suggested here. You may
be a silent film fan of the worst
order. Worship anything “photo-
graphed” before 1928 as being pure
genius. no matter how bad it is. Or
else collect books that are old, fall-
ing apart, and odorous. These can
be added to the newer books not
read. You might even mutter about
ll slab from the pyramid you've dis-
covered.

Here then you have a program to
rise to being a somebody. In con-
clusion. you are reminded of the
words of the great founder, "Pseudo
Vobiscum. . . 

Veteran's Society
Sponsors Social

The Veterans Society has an-
nounced plans for a forthcoming
“Buck Social" to be held on Friday,
November 18. The first social event
of the newly activated Veterans So-
ciety will be held at the renovated
Hotel Corrine on Broadway. Festivi-
ties include dancing. entertainment.
dance contests. door prizes, and re—
freshments, states Salvatore Zuc-
curo '58, Chairman of the Social
Committee. Tickets for the event are
one dollar and can be obtained from
any vctcrun on campus. Everyone
is invited, sing or drug. The invita~
tion is open to fill interested in the
Capitol District.

This and other topics of business
were discussed at the lust meeting
of the organization. The guest
spt‘dkt‘l'. Mr. Frederick Patric of
thc Vctci'uns‘ Administration, dis-
(‘llsscd the muny benefits open to
veterans under the GI. Bill and
urged promptncss mid accuracy in
application.

 

Gerald Drug Go.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.
Phone 0-8010

 

I Danforth Group

Awards Filly
Study Grants

The Danforth Foundation is of-
fering approximately fifty fellow-
ships for graduate study to men who
are preparing to become college
teachers, announces Oscar E. Lan-
ford, Dean of the College.

The fellowships provide for stip-
ends of up to $2400 as long as the
recipient is undertaking graduate
work in any accredited college in the
United States. In addition to the
stipend each fellow attends an an-
nual Danforth Foundation Confer-
ence on Teaching, held each Sep-
tember in Michigan. The expenses
for the conference are borne by the
foundation.

Each accredited college in the
U.S.A. has been invited to nominate
annually two or three candidates
for appointment as Danforth Fel-
low.

The Danforth fellow is free to
hold. concurrently, any other na-
tional fellowships such as the
Rhodes Scholarship and the Ful-
bright Award. A man who holds any
of these other fellowships will be
appointed without stipend until the
other appointment lapses.

The appointments are for one
year with the expectation of annual
renewal throughout the years of
graduate study.

Applications must be completed
before February 15, 1956,

Forum Sponsors

Model Council

Forum will hold a Model Security
Council for high schools in Bru-
bacher Lower Lounge Friday, No-
vember lB. announces Malcolm Rog-
ers ’57. Chairman of Public Rela-
tions. This council will include those
schools In the capitol area.

The morning session, 9 am. to
noon, will include discussion of reso-
lutions on the Egypt-Israeli ques-
tion, germ warfare, and the prob-
lem of Morocco. The afternoon ses—
sion, starting at 1 pm. and ending
at 4:30 pm.. will be highlighted by
an address by Honorable Leo W.
O'Brien, M.C. At 1 pm. after the
address, there will be discussion on
admittance of new members, Red
China, Korean unification, and
atoms for peace.

Participating schools and the na-
tions they are representing are:
Troy High: New Zealand and Bel—
gium; Columbia High: Brazil and
U.S.S.R.; Nott Terrace: China; Vin-
centian Institute: France; Water-
vliet High: Iran; Milne: United
Kingdom; Bethlehem Central: U. S.
A.; Van Renssclaer: Peru; Christian
Brothers Academy: Turkey.

Rogers also wishes to announce
that all students. faculty, and the
public are welcome.

SBF Announces
First Audit Date

Susan Barnhart '56, Chairman of
Student Board of Finance, un-
nounces that thc treasurers' books of
all organizations under the budget
of the Student Association are due
for the first audit Monday by 4
pm. These books are to be left, in
Draper 300A, the office of Josiah
T. Phinncy. Professor of Social Stu-
dies illld the faculty chairman of
this board.

Student Board of Finance super-
vises the expenditure of Student As-
sociation money.

 

Film Developed

ONE DAY SEBVIGE

ALEXANDER’S

207 Central Avenue

 

 

Joe’s Barber Shop

58 N. Lake Ave..
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARRIERS
We Aim To Please

 

 

 

Student Council:

Council Restores Vets Publicity,
Announces Joint Meeting Sunday

By Minus cannons

Due to a special assembly Wed- and the Administration Sunday,
nesday night, student Council con- November 13, at 7:30 pm. in the
vened for their weekly meeting Government room at Brubacher.
Monday evening. Among the topics to be discussed

Dick Hink ’58, moved that Council are internal problems of Student
give Campus Commission the right Board of Finance. revision of bud-
to restore publicity for the Veter- get procedure, and possible uses for
2%;5 ClubnSglal. Tliiist was passed. the surplus money of the school.

ere w a jon meeting of Fl-lda is e res t
Student Council, Student Union agendaywasngt ue: fg’ggdﬁiﬁselggtg
Board. Student Board of Finance. scha will welcome the I.C.A. Dele-
gates and give them a rundown of
our present form of government.

Rivaer Pushball and cheering will
be held Saturday on Beverwyck
Field at 10 am, rain or shine, an-

Sfoie Observes
SlUdenl Day nounced Sigmund Smith ’56.
Two replacements were elected to

International Student's Day, the New Types of Government
commemorating the Nazi sup- Committee. They are Joseph Szarek
pression of Czech students in ’58, and Barbara Salvatore '56; Dick
1939, will be observed by Hink ‘58. is to be chairman of the
N.Y.S.C.’l‘. Thursday. An lnter- committee.
ested group of State students David Kendig '57, President of
has poured forth several rea- this year's I.C.A., reported that the
sons for such an observation . . . conference will be held here this
perhaps worthy of some consid- Thursday. Friday. and Saturday.
eration and thought by the rest The twenty page I.C.A. Newsletter
of the students. has recently gone out to the member

The group feels that the sub- colleges.
ject has an inspiring history: an Margaret Smith ‘57,

 

announced

exiled International Student that. All State Day. November 18th
Council suggesting the observa- will be highlighted by a square
tion, following a three year sup- dance, student-faculty entertain-
ression of all Czech higher edu- ment, and free refreshments at

Brubacher from 8-11 pm.

Council concluded their meeting
by appointing Patricia Hall ’57,
Chairman of vacation trains.

ozitional institutions: a Wash-
ington, l). C. International Stu-
dent Assembly in 1942, officially
proclaiming the observation; the
United States Student Assembly
and over 200 American colleges
and universities observing the
day during the war—this back-
ground and the fact that Am-
erica is losing enthusiasm for the
event constitute some of the
reasons for the acceptance of
the day by State.

Our school committee also
points out. that observance
might call to mind the ideas of
the common democratic needs,
purposes, and desires of the
students of the world.

Biology Club Reveals
Slate Of New Officers

The Biology Club has announced
the election of officers. They are
Harold Schwager '56, President; Er-
hard Koehler '57, Vice—President;
Evelyn Neumeister ’58. Secretary
and Treasurer; and Ellen Mc-
Laughlin ’58, Historian. The steer-
ing committee will be Althea Den-
slow ‘57, and Thomas Baum and
Laura Moresco, freshmen.

 

 

l—__..

 

 

 

“Should I have phoned first,
Gladys? . . . uh . . . er . . . Gladys?“

It's a known fact that absence makes the heart
for someone present! So if dis-
ltlllCC is destroying your (loily's devotion, keep
her moaning for you by phoning. Fccd her your
line with a steady Long Distance dict. it won't

grow louder

Wound your wallet either because you got
iinrguin Rates evory night tiltt'l‘ ti and all day
Sunday. So before you get up in arms because
she's in the arms of some home-town iuiysccd,
give her a ring on the telephone, that is. New
York 'i‘clcphonc (‘oinpiiny.

 

 

 

  

