 

 

PAC! I
From The Editor’s Desk:

Blackboard Jungle . . .

During the holidays we stopped in to see “Blackboard
Jungle,” a film concerning the teaching profession and a
part of our school system. The movie deals with an ideal-
istic teacher trying to cope with a bunch of rough hood-
lums in a trade school, and presents to the public a very
poor view of our system and profession. This picture is one
of the many examples of the public’s idea of proceedings
in today’s classroom: a poor teacher trying to handle a
job many times too large for him.

The sad part about it is that this is very true of many
of our present day teachers. While in college they are
taught idealistic methods in an idealistic schoolroom situa-
tion and never warned about what will happen when they
face the wide, wide world. Granted, not all of them will
teach in such an unusual school as the one portrayed in
the film, but what about those who will teach there? They
are totally unprepared and are unable to handle these
situations when they arise.

This lack of adequate preparation is just one of the
many reasons for the number of poor, ill-qualified teach-
ers found in our schools today. The teaching profession
holds forth a not-too inviting future to the American
youth. The small salary, lack of respect, no chance for
advancement, are all factors which turn potentially-ex-
cellent teachers away from teacher-training institutions
and steer them into other professions. But this doesn’t
mean that the teachers’ colleges are empty! Because of the

---€Wc¢#Md---

ITATI COLLIGI NIWI. FRIDAY. APRIL 22. 1933

great need for teachers, the training institutions have  
lowered their requirements in order to admit more people. ;.:
The teachers’ colleges are turning out teachers, yes, but

their graduates are not what they should be.

Looking around us we can see some of the reasons for 
this downfall. A teacher is a leader, a person who is able '

to guide his students, a person with an interest in others
and in their activities, for part of his job will be to guide
students in extra-curricular activities. The experience nec-
essary for this job should come from participation in extra-
curricular college activities and leadership of the activi-
ties. Teachers’ colleges, more than any other type of col-
lege, should be swarming with leaders, people with ideas,
who are not afraid to express them. There should be great
interest in the activities with which these future teachers
will soon have to deal. Few people have turned up as leaders
and a lesser number have even attempted leadership.

The list of candidates for the offices of the incoming l

Senior Class is a shining example of this disinterest. All the ‘

offices, excepting one, has not more than one person =

competing for them. The members of this class, people who
will be assigned to lead high school students in one more
year, have not interest or ambition enough to run for of-
ficers of their own college class, of which they are a vital

part. What will happen when it becomes necessary to act '

day’s over-burdened teacher?

There is a possibility that if the calibre of the gradu- 

ating teachers does not improve, the situation publicized
in the “Blackboard Jungle” may become universal, some-
thing which would be catastrophic.

 

“Your mother makes you wear
them too, huh?”

Gamma-stale»:

Appreciation
To The Editor:

Last month I had the pleasure
of being a guest of the New York
State College for Teachers at Albany.
I was greatly impressed with the
quality of work being done, and
the splendid attitude of the stud-
ents involved in forensic activities
at Albany State. Of course the fine
record that State College has made
in the past three years at the Re-
gional TKA Tournament is incre-
1y a reflection of the above men—
tioned qualities. During my many
stays at various colleges through-
out the country, I can say that I
have never enjoyed such real hos—
pitality as I did at New York State
College for Teachers.

Sincerely,
Charles Ilelgesen
Regional Governor.

AdherentsTo The Cause

State College News

State College for Teachers
Albany, New York

To The Editor:

As an individual alumnus of New
York State College for Teachers
at Albany, I would like to acid
comment about the name changing
proposition as reported in a recent
NEWS. I feel that the name should
remain as written above.

Certainly the calibre of students
accepted for entrance to our college
is far above the academic level of
those admitted to the other teachers

colleges. This does not imply that cation through their courses, the
SCT graduates are superior human now want to make each student an
beings. but that they have complet- “education major.” These theories.
ed four years of very difficuult based on rather dubious dicta of
study that would be impossible for educational psychologists have sad-
a large number of students from 1y become prevalent in schools
the other institutions in the State across the nation, not to mention
University. To lump all teacher trai- the Milne School, whose watered
ning schools together would do a down curriculum made me shudder
great injustice to the past and pre- when I practice taught there.
sent students at Albany. The folly of drioppiréig thte liberal
B , virtue of my BA degree from arts and of makng e uca ion ma-
Stale, I enjoy membership in the 1'01‘5 0W Of 311 State StUdentS 15
American Association of University DESt Show“ Pl’ the Value plaCEd upon
womenI an organizamon I could the education Courses themselves.
not join if I had graduated from HOW we“ I remember laughing at
any other teacher’s college, except hOW Utterly Vﬂllld they were. Alld
Buffalo, the remarks of other members of

I strongly urge the NEWS and the faculty.

- -. . - « . i’I‘he PhD’s—not the doctors of
the administration to continue pio- Edm‘auon_There,S quite a (“Hep

tests against this cheapening of the ence) were Often very pointed.

ideal's and position to which State , . . r V
has climbed through many  heifdﬁllgftl (Eli‘s .f.l§‘eti§‘é"eo.}é‘ii
0t demlOpment' . It's time to decide whether we want
Sincerely’ an ex‘NEws'te_ to teach the children of New York
EVElyn W01“? llornbul‘g» '51 State narrowly "practical" curricu-
lum. or on that has all the riches
that only the liberal arts can give.
Sincerely,
Ron Kanen ’54.

KM [afraid
By CLIFF DAVIS

I've been holding off patiently
while movie houses in the state Say/1e
- ' n Blackboard Jungle on ie r

has come out into the open. It “.1, l . a , Ins a
proves that the education department Zilliﬁlhl‘t lifgmghﬁp Surﬁﬂce‘ pm_
knows where it stood in the esteem co‘edg ‘Glenn Ford is cut out, for the
of i'uiulty and students. Since they 1,6101“ the school teacher who ﬁnds
could not propagate theirpragmat- himself in the midst of a high
ism. anti-intellectual theories of edu- school gone corrupt with delinqucts’
and mad with violence. 011 The

To The Editor:

The controversy over whether to
change the name of NYSCT, and
all the implications that go with it,
has come to my attention. As an
alumnus, and a rather recent one.
ay that, may I say that I hope the
powers that decide in favor of the
status quo.

However it is good that all this

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916 the

BY THE CLASS OF IQIB

First Place CSPA
VOL. XXXX

April 22, 1955

Waterfront was just as jolting as
this picture. It didn’t need flaring
CinemaScopc or Color to boost it.
The guts of the cinema reels and
frankness of the producers
against censors made that picture
. . . it't make Blackboard Jungle
just as powerful!
Fir“ Place ACP Tony Curtis is supposed to be
No.9 sugary in a lot of scenes in Six

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from 'i to “Flakes To Cross- BUB I can't 0011-

11 pan. at 2-3326,
Ooldateln 2-26126; Lackey 3-0277; Moore,

Ext. 11. Phones: Cochrane, 2-7030; Luit 2-9612; Bwierzowski 2-37“; damn Curtis for the sake of the

2'3330- picture. Brinks of Boston is robbed

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Toachera' ' .0 mono than there is in
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the student Emilioeonege gumlus ,MAEG'OOO‘UO

Aalocietion.

AILBI'N OOOIIBANE -
OAIOI. ANN LUF'I' -
earns: OOLDS’I‘EIN -
rumors MONAIIAN
NANCY SCHNEIDER.
RONALD LAOKEY

JOANNE MOORE

IA LAWRENCE
Mﬂﬂlw OBTOYICH
BIO BLUE!
CLIFFORD DAVIS - - -
JOEII’II BWIEBZOWSKI -
AINOLD NIWMAN - -
DOIO'I‘IIY IABMUSSIN - -

JOHN INA?! - - - -
All communications should be addressed

EdI‘ordlhcmot more! and all this true adventure
Managing Editor that unfolds on the Strand screen
WW“ “°"“°'" mm" is good stuff. Smoke Signal with

““”'“°""3,‘;::,',2,‘:‘,'n 5:32: heap big Indians ‘und Dunn An—
. Executive Editor di'cws drugs along behind the ltud
00'1"“‘3'1‘ “"0? feature. And. man, when I say drug.
ﬂaws; ﬁns: I say drag. This picture is ll. dud:
Aug“... "u..- a bomb flint does not go off. H
- liegture; Elgar Zoom! and you're Out Of lhls
W" "' World, climbing to the peaks of
ﬁlm: (3:33: 53m: Tibet into it "cool" documentary
celluloid while you sit in the warm
' ' 5"" “M'W'Wh'l' confines of the Delaware. You’ll see
l" “m “‘m‘” “"‘l "'“3‘ h“ “l!""“- NW!“ Lowell Thomas in action in films

will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for m, “ml ms 50” commie“ up more

opinions expressed in its columns or communications, as such uxprcsaiona do not

0%“

necessarily reflect its views.

where the llamas and lumus room.
Good entertainment. 'I‘remcndous
shots of a. “forbidden land."

Be seeing you! Be seeing inoviesl

 

By HENDERSON and McEVOY

FACE LIFTING .

While we were unravelling our twisted nerves, resting our weary
mentals, some basking in the Florida sun. others not so fortunate made
shorter trips or just collapsed at home, the powers that prevail at the
College of the Empire State waged unccasing war against the ravages
of time and wear among the ivy‘d halls. Under the command of Chief
Baker, jovial George led the charge into the c.c.c. (commons. cafeteria.
co-op). After the dust of battle had settled we gazed upon cleaner. clear—
er and cluttei'ieSs enclosures, a. dazzling dining deli, and a spacious,
sparkling shopping “store.” Seriously, though, it's quite an investment
made for our use . . . let's make it last.

OVER THE BRIDGE . . .

Shed a tear for the passing on of the editorial board of the “chs-
selaer Polytechnic." Their April fool issue failed to fool their adminis-
tration with a story of cancellation of Easter recess due to an epidemic
on campus. Box score: one error, one vacation, no Board.

K0 K0 M0 . . .

Talk to me baby, whisper in my ear . . . Tuesday night, dorm field.
election rally. Here‘s the chance to meet. judge, and compare the candi—
dates you'll be voting for next Thursday and Friday.

MANHATTAN SERENADE . . .

Congratulations to Adriana Bosna '57. This Sunday she'll finish up
a. week of intensive work as lighting technician for the EQUITY LI—
BRARY THEATRE professional production of “Girls in Uniform" at
the Lenox Hill Playhouse. New York. She was invited to join the staff
by the director of Equity productions after he saw her work as lighting
technician for our production of the same show last month.

ERRA'I‘A AND ADENDA . . .

How about a few more chairs at the Student Council meetings on
Wednesday night? . . . Dawn Dance . . . better organize refreshment
service this year . . . for the most part the suggestion by the chairman
of SUB that those coming to the dance should do so quietly was car-
ried out. . . , Passing Parade . . . daily softball games on dorm field . . .
swim suits on the patio . . . walking shorts and knee length socks in
greater number . . . turned off heaters . . . baseball games in lower Hus-
tcd . . . ever onrushing finals . . . more people studying '? around the
front of Draper . . . filled up holes in the Bl‘llllilCllCl' road . . . oops . . .
State Street . . . Assembly in Page Friday instead of 349. . , .

l'd Rather Be
id rather be :1 Could Be
If 1 could not be an Arc;
For 11 Could Be is a. May Bc.
With a chancc of touching par.
i‘d rather be it Has Been
Than a Might Have been by for;
For a Might Have Been has never been.
But it Has Been was once an Arc.
from a long line of copyrights
QUESTION OF THE WEEK ‘.’
Sleepy old New England Moon, what :n'c you doing over Miami?

 

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY. APRIL 2:!
7:30 pm. “All The King's Men," Draper 340.
9:00 pm. Kappa Delta, Chi Sigma ’I‘licia l“ol'iiiul. Tcn Eyck.
SATURDAY. APRIL 2:
11:00 pm. il‘i'osli-Soph Puriy. l‘fll'libilCllf‘i’ Dining Room.
0:00 pm. Phi llcltu F‘oi'inul, 1-Ici‘bci't‘s.
SUNDAY, APRIL 24
3:00 pm, News Bowling Party, Pluydiuin.
MONDAY. APRIL :55
7:30 pm. Studcni. Council Mci'lliig. lll’lllliii'llt‘l'.
TUESDAY, APRIL 26
10:00 11.111. Sophomore Class Mcciing, Richardson 120.
Junior Class Mccting.
l“i‘i‘ollllllill Clnss Mcciing.
7:30 pm. l'llci'lion lliilly, Dorm ii'u-ld.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27
7:30 p.111. Special Assombly, llrubuchcr (iulnc Room.
THURSDAY, APRIL 20
7:30 p.m. Newman Club. 741 Madison Avcnuc.

News Views:

ITATI COLLICI NIWI. FRIDAY. APRIL

Dulles Dismisses Edward Corsi
On Poor Administration Grounds

By DAVID KENDIG

The national news this week con-
tinues to evolve around the dismis-
sal of Edward J. Corsi, as immigra-
tion consultant, by Secretary of
State John Foster Dulles.

Corsi, an immigrant himself, pre-
viously U. S. Commissioner of Im—
migration, came to be identified, in
the forties, along with Dulles, Brow-
nell, Hagerty. and others, as a
member of the "Dewey Team."

Under Dewey, Corsi served several
terms as State Industrial Commis-
sioner. The future looked bright un-
til the N. Y. S. government “chang-
ed hands" and Corsi followed Dulles,
Brownell and Hagerty to the na-
tional scene. He was offered a job

New Society Plans
Initial Meeting

Paul F. Wheeler, Assistant
Professor of Sociology, will lead a
discussion on the topic of Neurosis
and the Modern Moral Code at the
first general meeting of the Society
of Critical Thought.

This discussion will take place at
3 o'clock, Sunday in Channing Hall
which is located across the street
from Draper Extension on Washing-
ton Avenue. For further clarifica-
tion it is directly behind the Uni!-
arian Church.

Paul Gorinan '58 will serve as
moderator for this discussion.
Everyone is invited to participate,
states Theodore Pcdersen '57. Gen-
eral Committee member of the So—
ciety.

The Society of Critical Thought
is a newly formed group open to all
State College students interested in
lively and stimulating discussion on
all topics. The Society‘s constitution
will be presented to Student Council
in order to obtain the college‘s rcc—
ognition. Watt Stewart, Professor of
History, has agreed to act as faculty
advisor to the Society.

Governor's Aide

as Immigration
Dulles.

The McCarren-Walter Immigra-
tion Act deemed by most Republi-
cans and Democrats as unfair. in
part, in effect restricts immigration
mainly to those of Anglo-Saxon de-
scent. A later act, designed to cor-
rect some of its inequalities opened
immigration barriers to 209,000 more
refugees. mostly from Eastern Eu-
rope.

Processing and admittance of
refugees was slow, and it was Corsi’s
job to expedite matters. From the
first. he ran into trouble. His dram-
atic tactics and quarrels with Secur-
ity Director Scott McLeod, incurred
the enmity of many Republicans 01'
the conservative vintage. Democratic
Representative Francis Walter,
flatly accused anti-restrictionist
Corsi of Comimunistic affiliations
which Corsi denied. Walter asked
Dulles to fire Corsi. This Dulles did,
stating. however, that: (a) the ap—
pointment was temporary and (b)
Corsi was a poor administrator.

Corsi, blaming the restrictionisl‘
interests in Congress. called Dulles
a liar. stating that the Refugee Re-
licf Act is a failure. McClcod and
Walter agreed that only 1,044 refu-
gccs had been admitted, but called
the act a success; Corsi the liar.
The whole affair is under investi-
gation by Congress.

Not since Hiss and Chambers have
we had such completely conflicting
stories. Worth noticing are the ab—
scncc of comment. by Eisenhower
and Dcwcy.

'i‘hc Republican Party stands to
lose fl large segment of the N.Y.S.
minority vote in 1956 because of the
incidcni. It is a good political party
that can win any national election
without New York.

Consultant by

Canterbury Club
IVCF Sponsor
Supper, Outing

This weekend will feature two
events involving area students as
well as statesmen on the religious
club calendar.

Sunday at 5:30 pm. the Canter-
bury Club will sponsor "a supper
meeting with the Canterbury Clubs
of Russell Sage and RPI as guests.
The meeting will be held at Saint
Andrew‘s Church, on the corner of
Madison Avenue and North Main
Street.

Evening Prayer and Vespers in the
church will start the program at
5:30 pm. After this, dinner will be
served for $.50 by the members of
the St. Andrew's Young People's
Fellowship. The speakers will in-
clude Olive Mae Mulica, Assistant
Director of Windham House. a grad-
uate training school for religious
education at Columbia University,
New York. Her topic will be a dis-
cussion of religious vocations. In at-
tendance will be both visiting clergy
in addition to those connected with
the local Club. After the discussion
there will be dancing and games.
states William Small '56, President.

IVCF ’I‘o Aid In Sponsoring
Annual Weekend

State's chapter of the Inter-Var—
sify Christian FeIIOWShip. in coop-
eration with the chapters in the
schools and hospitals of eastern New
York State, is sponsoring an Annual
Spring Weekend at Camp Pinnacle
in the Helderbergs.

The program is commencing ad—
day, 7:30 pm. this evening, and Ann
Kainmer ‘56, President is expecting
approximately one hundred repre-
sentatives from other schools to at-
tend. Thc feature speaker will be
Peter Haile, Regional Secretary of
New England Area.

Outing Club Plans Climbing Trip
In The Catskills; Seeks SA Budget

ToAddressForum ? 

"The Point Four Progi'nili" will be
the topic of an address by Mr. Bur—
i‘y Binghum next Tuesday at 10
am. in Dl'ililf'l’ 349. Mr. Bingham.
Secretary to the Governor of New
York. is bclng sponsored by Forum
as one of :1 group of speakers being
brought to State College to talk on
subjects pertaining to the Social
Studies.

Binghum served in thc United
States Navy during World War II
and held the rank of Commander.
After the war Mr. Binglnun bccamc
editor of tho Courier Journal. In
1940 and 1047 he toured Europe with
otlicr Ainci'icun Newspaper men.
Ullflt‘l’ ihc ’l‘runnni administration
he was appointed l1("d(l of the Eco—
nomic Coopcmiion Administration
Mission to France. and as Deputy
Ambassador at Large to all ECA
mcinbcr flutlons.

Student CounCIl . . .
(Continued [mm Page 1, Column 5)

the actions of Cuinpus Commission
Prcsidcni Conn uppoinled Miss Kc!—
lchcr and Mario Curbonc ‘57. ‘
’1‘hc li‘lll‘illil budch also cumc in
for an attack from David Kcndig '57
who quosiionml the lincs in lllf‘ll'
budgi'i dcnling with coni'ci'cnccs. 1!
was his conicntion that they sci‘vcd
no bcncfil. lo the whole school but
just to a icw persons that partici-
putc. In (lcf‘cusc of the budch Rii‘li—
lll'(l Clifford ’57 stated that tlicsc
coni‘ci'cnccs wci'c written up and
publislicd ill ihc State College News
wlicrc ull studciils may l'l‘lifl thcin.
’i‘hc ugcndu for this wcck will iic
l-lll' campaign spccchcs and introduc—
tion ol cinididntcs for SA officcs.

 

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave.,
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARBERS
We Aim To Please

Lci't io right: Aim Kainmer,
caving trip.

The Outing Club. a new organ-
izution on campus. is an informal
group having a common interest 1n
the outdoors, The purpose of the
club is to take various trips such as
hiking. caving, mountain climbing,
i'uiiiii'lllu and skiing. So for. caving
irips llil\'i‘ bccn tukcn to Tllflli'lli‘l‘
and (.‘lui'kcsvillc ('chs. ’l‘liesc ll'l]):~
lmvc bccn iinunccd by llic nicm~
lll‘l'ri. but if is hopcd that in the 111--
[1111‘ Hwy will bi- includcd in um
SA budch

A consiunlion is bcing drawn up
and Ullii‘i‘i'S will bc clcctcd when it

Erik Buck and Ann Dillon on a

is completed. Piuiis are also being
made for mountain climbing and
hiking on North Mountain in the
Catskills this Saturday. Everyone,
students and faculty, are welcome to
join and those interested should
contact David chlnke ‘56, by stu-
dent mail or at home, or sign up
on the WAA or AMIA bulletin
boards.

ch1 \vcckcnd. the conference of
ihc Iiiti'i'-Collcginl.e Outing Associ~
ullon. to which the club ha: been
inviicd. will be held at Ci'iuibcrry
Lokc in the Adirondacks.

 

“Around the Corner

 

Campus Casuals for the College Co-ed

Softies - Loafers - Low Heel Dress - Oxfords
Suedes - Leathers - Combinations

SEE THEM A’l‘

MICHELSON’S SHOES

230 CENTRAL AVE.

from State College"

 

22. 1958

PM. I

College Completes Plans
For Professional Semester

The College will operate two
summer sessions this year—a six
week graduate session and an eight-
week undergraduate session for stu-
dents in the accelerated program.
The Profesisonal Semester plans
have been completed and will take
effect in the school year 1956-57.
beginning with the Class of ’57.

Students planning to attend the
eight-week summer session should
apply for admission to the Regis-
trar before May 13. Students inter-
ested in graduate study in the six-
week summer session should con-
sult the Director of Graduate Stud-

 

Jungle Safari
Invades S.C.

Student Council this week was
treated to a display of knobby
knees and slnewy calves as five
daring members of the Follies
Bergeres sat in on aforemen-
tioned meeting accoutered in
walking pants. more commonly
known as Bermuda shorts.

The lovely group got the hot
weather jitters and accordingly
air-conditioned two of their four
limbs with the brush outfits.
thus bringing down a flood of
controversy.

statesmen have witnessed uii-
orthodox cats in previous
months roaming around with
the de-longated pants, but this
is a mass movement, and the
far-reaching effects may be ap-
palllng.

Fellns wearing pink can be
overlooked, but fellas showing
off legs that were destined from
time memorial to keep the hor-
rible things hidden from the
world. are without a doubt, the
most, to say the least.

 

Students Pen Papers
For Science Confab

Seton Hall University was the
1955 host for the ninth annual Easi-
ern College Science Conference held
April 14. 15 and 16. Students pre-
sented original research papers and
participate in discussions concerning
new developments in their respec-
tive fields.

Three faculty members and fivc
students represented State ill- the
conference this year. Faculty incin-
bers attending were Paul C. Lemon,
Professor of Biology, William J.
Wall. Jl'.. Assistant Professor of
Science. and Edward Lau'son. As»
sistant Professor of Psychology.
Harold Schwugcr. Myrna Sicgcl '57,
and Marilyn Darzano, Robert Mcy-
ers. Richard Warner. freshmen, also
attended. Three original research
papers were also presented by these
students including “Further Obser-
vations of the Fauna of an Aban-
doned Lead Mine" by Schwugcr.
"The Influence of Age on the Per—
ception of Old Age” by Meyers and
"The Effect of Labeling Upon the
Appreciation of Paintings" by War-
ncr.

les, Edgar W. Flinton.

Dr. Flinton calls the attention of
undergraduates to the following
changes in the schedule for Educa-
tion 20 and 21 since the summer
bulletin was printed. Section I of
Education 20 will meet daily 11 am.
to 12:15 pm. Section II of Educa-
tion 21 will meet daily 11 am. to
12:15 p.m., also.

The Class of 1957 will not be al-
lowed to take Education 22, 23 un-
less they will practlce-teach in 1955-
56, states Edwin W. Adkins, Chair-
man of the Education Department.

The Professional Semester will in-
clude one semester of the Senior
year commencing with the present
Sophomores. This semester will in-
clude student teaching and. an
eight-hour seminar for either half
of the semester. The remaining half
of the semester will include three
hours of Education 22, two hours
of Education 2:1 and one already re-
quired course in the individual’s
major field.

The majority of students will be
off-campus while a minority will
still practice-teach in Milne for a
are being started for a center for off-
campus teachers in the third quar-
ter next year in Westchester or on
Long Island, depending on the best
situation, states Adkins.

"Smiles" Plans

Frosh Brochure

In. a SMILES meeting Tuesday
evening nominations were held, the
budget was presented and plans for
a brochure to be sent to incoming
freshmen were discussed, according
to Elaine Swartout '56, President.

The cabinet of SIVHLES recom-
mended a slate of officers and nom-
inations were also taken from the
floor. Voting will take place in a
meeting Wednesday at 7:30 pm. in
Brubacher and also absentee from
10 am. until 1 pm. Wednesday and
Thursday. Everyone is eligible to
vote in the election.

A committee including David
Kendig, Margaret Williams and
Frances Gerht, Sophomores, was
appointed to draw up a brochure to
be mailed to incoming freshmen in
the fall. to inform them of the
workings of SMILES.

Dr. Pettit To Accept
ED, AD Applications

Applications are now being ac-
ccpted for Elementary Dramatics
(Sph 7 "Fundamentals of Dramatic
Production”! and Advanced Dra-
niatics «Sph 112 "Advanced Dra-
matic Production") by Paul Bruce
Pettit. Associate Professor of Eng-
lish (Theatre).

Application blanks may be obtain-
cd in Dr. Pettit‘s office, Richardson
6, and should be returned to that
office no later than April 29. Should
anyone have any questions con-
cerning eligibility or any other mat-
ter relating to these two courses
they are requested to contact Pettit
us soon as possible.

 

doughnuts

and visit with

475 Washington Ave.

 

OUR SPECIALTY
’l‘hick Creamee Frosts — Ass’t Flavors

S T E W A R T ’ S
MAKE YOUR OWN SUNDAES

We also serve hot chocolate, coffee and

If you like, bring your own lunch

Rocky & Sam.
3-9168

 

 

 

 

