V, Liliana ‘5’
r  'ie‘efiiiiil‘fﬁ

lief"? ("37"? 9. P172",

Sororities Release Slates Cl lncomin 0m crs;

CI news. FRIDAY. MARCH 28.‘ 1933
£9,959... our: can.“

as much ilu . Jami-13.7“ v-.-~-o........-.—~......._.»..

. -  mm. . Y .  5 LE ‘
‘ tilre ol’ .New York state College for New. View“ Counc'l . . '
Clisnge In Name . Tummy Albany $3,333,338; —— . Music 5 I
1 A . . the fem) men 0  l‘ BI TIII'CB' -~(Gontinued from Page 1.00am» r

\ whoso.primary Interest is teaching in  I a  s s I J]
a?” ' m.1’oomm” the field of the liberal arts. .   Giordano wm be sung by Miss Em-
mons and Mr. McGrath for the

that this body. the Faculty Coun- , , . I U h 
the facult of 4) As the first of New Yorks s I "S a C
en, representative of y ovrct overnment t mm section of the performance.

- to grant

the colic e and officially assembled. teacher training institutions

does hegeby strongly oppose any graduate degrees, as a college with By M. A. EDGERS ﬁlm-"story. of this piece is: Chemehi
The release of the Yalta Papers more than an Indian rubber ball, conﬁned in the gloomy St. Lazar”

‘ - ' the
iteration in the title of this insti a national reputation and as
Timon. the State University Collﬁsgionly professional school in this state . ‘ xecuhon Mad...
(«Teachers at Albany-  '  devoted to.secondary school prepar' is still causing repercussions. The and we might add, all substances prison-is await ng e . 1";
And BE IT FURTHER'RESOLV- ation. we feel that New York Stetle statements of the “Big Three" are have a point at which their elastic- eyeing; having bribed her Way.  _
ETD-3h“ copies 0‘ these mmmes be State college for Teacners at Ali QUlte shoeldng- Eve“ Frenchmen it 5 Neither business nor the ushered into his cell. At dawn the
. . president of this bany has achieved sufficient indi-. 1 ed when they heard of the y snap. ‘ m mp
presch ‘0 the diff - c‘” “g bli n should criticize what dental trumbel comes for e p 
college for forwarding to the proper viduai distincit‘ifm to warrant er toast to the deathloitsopoo Girmtag Sgpgopgaissan Objective study The e 8 When the name of a con“,
Ofltles. .entlatlon of l: 8. Ofﬁcers. The $61 on purper [‘2], e I ' i on 1- . r .:
agghvote of the Faculty 5) Some of the recognition re- by Rooaevelt at Yalta must not go ougblglshgrhthehgtohjlgglgiEg;céﬁl demngd women is called. Mada-8mg
comm“. “we” by this wuege has been based unblamEd'idonthhewgl‘llcfrpigllllg ill]: :trld do nail. tend to install in the rushes out beside Chenier anddies
A “501mm” drawn up TueSday 0“ its foundation m the liberal arts’ mum; cons er 8 American toward their government- with her lover. - ~ - ‘
e

 

 

Ten Eyck. Phi Delta will hold their “"3” installation to January. 1956,

“1 leW'llH'lil'lltAtli' W kd
Hotel Ten Eyck, S C I I Elected To Run
these state- I .
the M skania meeting . , . tame not only day. Will the release of . V i use”, H _ 4 t . . _ .
3:332? m y “wifwt‘egac‘ﬁgrfffﬂng institution, ments upset the delicate balance? As fOl the investigat on “to! the Intermission a, “we
‘ opera by Wolf-Ferrari “The Secret allllual formal ill Herbert's tomor— m accordance With reVlsed system
set ilp by Inter-Sorority Council this

I 0
Herbert 3 Host Ohm“ Under
We can but wait and see. It is our think it's very good. ‘
.. will be done ill English. row night. Sorority members at- i. . year

I
Greek Proms Revrscd System
Three sororities have scheduled The seven sororities elected of-
formal dances for this weekend. To- ﬂee,“ for the ensumg semester at
night Kappa Delta and Chi Sigma the" regmal' meetings Monday eve-
fth Student as t m n f the
“ 3, he members 0 e but as a repua e co e88 0 . t .
y W t I New York state Coh “berm arts as well. In View of this opinion however that the documen It is apparent that the {when}- '
Assocmuon 0 id not have been released at . - of Suzanne . . , . . .
18%e for Teacmrs at Albany’ wmh met we feel that it would be un— illllmtime It would have been pre- mam 0‘ the SOVlet unifnl sctillll tlb Ti the of the opera is the last t’endmg the danceb Will be glven 2 Kapp I) it
sed to '. o rselves S ' . n t too stable. Ministers ren y 0 16 H l ‘ o’clock hours. a e a
to 3° 0" record as being Oppo fortunate to impose upon u femble that “5 be kept um“ 3“ the 0- Malenkov are still being dis- ceiltul' . the place is where royalty Kappa Delta’s new officers are:
Ml. y

Theta will hold a joint dance at the “mg- These Ofﬁcers will serve from
the proposal of the State University the academic restrictions necessi- participants were dead and then re_

State University College of Educa- “on...
“on at Albany' For these reasons, and because we
our reasons are as follows: believe that uniformity is not al-

1) The ﬁne iiticai tornado. Senator
.. ther a roprlate for this ality and distinctiveness, we attest strong po “ ' -

frilg‘t‘ituigicﬁlnor aggquately specific. our opposition to any change of Fulbrightsdaz‘), llfréiethgéy ggvsgggze of his mum
we are essentially a liberal arts col-‘ name for this college. “on cause a
iege dedicated to the training of
secondary school teachers; the im-
portance and value of the liberal
arts subjects is as great to us as is
the importance and value of courses
in Education. Since 1905 it has been
the dual purpose of this school to
provide both a thorough back-
ground in the liberal arts and an
adequate preparation in professional
subjects, the courses in Education
being a supplement to and an en-
richment of those ill the liberal arts.
We feel, therefore. that the title
“College of Education" is a denial
of the essentially liberal arts pro-
gram offered by this school. The
proposed name gives no recognition
to this liberal arts basis, as the pres-
ent title does. We are a college-an
institution with a diversified curri-
culum—for teachers. not a school
dependent on one particular field.

2i This college has established a
reputation as one of the ﬁnest teach-
er training institutions in this coun-
try. and as a pioneer in the pro-
gram of combined scholarship and
the teaching arts. Our excellence of
standing has been built up under
our present name. Any change of
that name could lead only to con-
fusion among both the lay public
and the profession.

3) There is contained in the pro-
posed name an implication of future
curricular changes which would les-
sen the importance of the liberal
arts subjects. While cognizant of. its
existence only as an implication.
we feel that such a possibility could
destroy the essential academic na-

drasticaily censored.

' n Bank- .
The senate committee 0 who do nothing but criticize.

CAMPUS “STAND-OUTS”

sl2cidclyonillisexciting
ISLAND PARADISE
in the Gulf of Mexico

Nero’s when the college crowd wil
gather during the Easter vacation .

 

rk U ' . ' ' . Recenti Pravda printed the
to change the name to New Y0 tated by the title College of Educa leased without having been twice ggffdof Tito ym the criticism of

F rel n Minister Molotov and this H .

wgekgagain decried those ministers MCGmm‘ Suzanne, his Wile, sung
’ It ' “ " ' the

r blllllee Emmons and Sante,

“College of Educa- ways more desirable than Individual- ing and Finance has produced a would seem from this that Mr. Mo_ :21.

lotov has finally reached the end

reigned. Characters in the selection
are Count Gil played by William

vullt who is represented by Don-
ald l‘luclos, Grad.

Man Most Likely To...—

 

golf, water siding v
V FIRST ANNUAL INTER '

 those L&M,5!—America’s best filter cigarette.
What a filter—that pure white Miracle Tip really filters. And you
get all the taste! Campus after campus agrees—“LaM stands out

from all the rest!”

@p
 *

WRITE FOR RESERVATIONS
or contact
DICK WANDS
M Student lull

 

' chum" a: Mvru Tundra Co.

 

 

Tile KD and Chi Sig formal at
the Ten Eyck tonight will be held
from 9 pm. to 1 am. Ed Green’s
Orchestra will provide the music.
General Chairmen of the dance are
Mary Dvorak ‘55 and Marjorie Kei-
leilel' ‘56.

Committee Chairmen for KD and
Chi Sig respectively are: Norma
Roscoe and Linda Sokolowski, Fav-
ors; Barbara Salvatore and Mary
Rita Koniski. Programs, Juniors;
Janet Garvin '55 and Barbara Mur—
Dane '56, Orchestra: Miss Garvin
and Barbara Maaioe '56. Arrange-
ments: Mary Allll Jollllpoll '55 and
Gladys Cook ‘56. Cllapel'ones.

Tilc Cllapcrollcs will be Mary
Lynch. Supervisor ill the Millie
Scllool; Richard Spauldillg, Associ—
ate Professor of Chemistry. and Mrs.
Spailiding; and Frederick Moorc.
Assistant Professor of Modern Loll—
guages and Mrs. Moore.

Pill Delta's formal tomorrow night
from 9 pm. to 1 21.111. will be at
Ht‘i'lJlH‘l'S. General Chairman of the
formal is Arline Grier ‘55. Cllapel'—
ones for the evening will be Paul
Wllcclcr. Assistant Professor of His—
Lory; Frank Carrillo, Assistant Pro-
i‘cxsol' of Modern Languages. and
Mrs. Carrillo, Assistant Professor of
English: and Milton Olson, Profes-
sor of Commerce and Mrs. Olson.

Cotillllittec Cllilii'nlcn include: Dc—
iol'cs Mariano '55. Favors; Ailccn
Coclll'llllc. Clllipel'ollcs; Mary W.
Smith. Juniors. and Mary F‘rcllycll
‘57. Programs: and Virginia Hil—
fikci' '56 and Joan Vull Duscil ‘57.
Ai‘rllngclilcllls.

 

2.460

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. APRIL 22. 1955

VOL. XXXX NO. 9

 

Candidates To Deliver Speeches Greeks Initiate
In Assembly, Al Tuesday Rally New Members,-

Dorln Field will be the scene 01
an election rally Tuesday evening at
7:30 p.m.. according to a release
by Mary Allll Jollllpoil '55. Chair-
man of Election Commission. Ill
case of inclement weather the rally
will be held ill the Brubacller Game
Room. Candidates for Student Asso-
ciation offices and Class Presidcllt
Candidates for Student Association
officcs and Class President Candi-
dates will give speeches. All otilcl'
class officer candidates will be lil~
lroduccd.

Condidlltcs for Student Associa-
tion President will give two minute
spccciics. The candidates for SA
Vice-President. will give one mill-
ulc speeches and calldidalcs for
SA Secretary will be introduced
Candidates for Myskanili. stlldclli
Board of Finance and Athletic As-
sociation Board will also be intro-
dllL'Cll. Following the speeches of lilc
Sludciit Association calldidalcs.
illCl‘i.‘ will be a twenty minute (pics-
lion and answer period dirccicd :ll.
lllcsc candidates.

Class presidential candidates will
give one minute speeches Candi~
dates for all otllcr clasa ()fflccs will
be introduced. A ten minute qllcs-

Statc College Tlieatre Distributes

Tickets For Spri

Tickcls for the spring production
of the Slate College Theatre will be
dislributcd starting Monday through
Tuesday. May 3. All tickets ill'C by
>lll(lt‘ill tax and limited to Stilva
College students only. Aflcr May 8
all lickcts not picked up by stil-
dcllts tax will go on snlc, however,
silldcllls (.‘illl still illlvc lllCEll. Tllcrc
ill'l' ollly 875 souls ll\’illllll)l(‘ and

[News] Sponsors
Press Meeting

Ill i'cspollsc to all llll'llililoll cx—
lcndcd by lllc State (‘ollcge News
pl'cvlous lo \‘ll(.‘iillilll. approximately
lcll coilcgcs lll lllc vicinity of Al-
lzllly will colivclic ill. Bl'llbucllcr Hall
as l'cpl‘cscllLlltivcs of the l‘cspcclivc
ill-wspupcl's oi' llic schools. This. [110
lll'Sl such colli'ci‘cilcc of this lypc,
is sizilcd for I"l'l(lil)’, May 13, coili-
lilcllclllg ill 9:30 ll.llll. illl(l ciidlllg iii
llic llll(l-illi(‘l'lllillll. ’l‘llc News is act.-
llig l'olilldcl‘x of this association of
local collcgiulc lli‘ll'h'llillll'l‘h'. l.clil.li-
llvciy ciltiiicd illc Cllpillll District.
Collculllic Pl‘css Association.

’l‘llc liim will bc lo iillprovc jour—
lllillsllc skills, lll uddilioli lo llll-
proving hilltll'ill l'i‘lilLl()ll.\ bclwccll
lllclllbci' collcucs. sililcs Roiluld
Luckcy '55. it‘xccllllvc it‘dllol‘, Choir—
lllilll oi lllc Colilcrcllcc C(lllillllllA‘I‘.

'I‘llc pl-ogl'ulll is to lllcllldc lililH‘l
discussions, spclikcl's from lll'l'li
llcll'spllpcl's. u luilcilcoll (lllllll'l' ill
lii'lillilClil'l'. and :l lolli' oi lllc ltiiicll-
ci'bockcr News.

Al pl'csl-lil. lllc lli-il oI dclcuulcs ill-
cludcs l'l'lll'l‘Sl‘lililll\'i‘rs il'om Suilll
llosc. llilsscll Siluc. Ullloil. Phar—
macy. ABC. Skidillol'c, Albany llllw.
l'lllllﬁllll Vulloy 'l‘ccllilicul, and Co-
blcskill Agricultural and ’l‘cciilllclll
schools.

as Production

[here will be no standing rooill, so it
is suggested that students pick up
their tickets curly. speciﬁes Barbara
Mllliloc '56.

Tile play is “Laburnuill Grove." 11
lllystcry play comedy by J. B. Priest-
ly. Tllc cast includes: Mill‘lC Dc-
vine. Richard Tillapp, William Dc-
Allcuinc, Juniors; Cilai'lcs Crow-
dcl'. Richard Warner, Nancy Giltli‘.
Sopllomol'cs: Jacqueline Pacllt, Rob—
cl'l Woylon and Norman CllilllCCl'.
i'l'cslllllcll .Dll‘t‘('l()l' is Paul Bl'ucc
Pcttll. Assocililc Professor of Eng-
llsll. llsslstcd by Marilyn Dillill‘do ‘55.
Till- production coordinator is Mis.
Mullioc.

Tilc play will bc pl'csclllcd from
Tucsday. May 17, through Saturday,
May 21. Clll'ililll llnlc is 8:30 pm.
cvcl'y cvclllng.

Pl'cscllllllioll of lllc play is to bc
iii lllc Arcilu 'l‘llclil-rc sci up ill Pugc
Hull gym. Tllc play is Lllc first. to
bc givcll lll lii'cilli siylc during lllc
l‘(‘gillill' scssioll of lilo collcgc. Tilc
I'licilllics bcllig uscd arc through tllc
courtcsy of Lllc Silllc Collcgc Ai'cnli
Sumlllcr "[‘llc.llrc.

All-College Revue
Nels $240.74 Profit

’l‘llc All-Collcuc licvuc llcllcd 11
profit of $240.74, Sirllil'S David Kcll-
dill '57. Co-ordlilulol' of lilc show.

'l‘otlil llicolnc was $843.30. This
collslslcd of illoncy borrowcd from
surplus. $350. and lllc gutc l'ccclpts
Ill $493.

'l‘llc lollli cxpcllsc oi $603.26 can
bc l)l'lll(i‘ll down illio lllc llloilcy rc-
mud in surplus of $350, and lllc
cxpcilscs for thc silow. $253.26.

'l‘llc All~Collcuc itcvuc wilil zlll
lllcollic of $843.30 and cxpcllscs oi
$603.26 made a 1ch proiil. of $240.74.
'I‘lic lll'lllli. will be llscd lo lllllllll'l‘
llcxl year‘s Ali-College Rcvuc.

tion and answer period will follow
the speeches and introductions of
class candidates. Each candidate for
every office is allotted ollc dollar
for pcrsollai publicity.

This morningy ill :lSsclllbly, ill Page
Hall, the candidates for SA Sccl'c-
Lary will give u one-inillulc spcccll.
those for SA Vicc-Pi'csidcnt ll two—
llllllllll‘ speech and tilc candidates
for SA Prcsidcnl will giyc ll lllrec
millutc speech. The pi'csldclltilll
culldidatcs‘ cil:llpaigll manugcrs will
be allowed one lllillutc on bcilllii'
of their candidate. Myskanill. Slud-
clli Board of Finance and Athletic
Association Board Cflllfllflllil‘s will
also be introduced.

Voting will tllkc piucc next Fri-
day. in Assembly illlfl libscllice for
liloSc who do not how Assembly
scllls.

SA To Convene
In Page Today

The Assclllbiy today will meet ill
Pligc Hlill and not ill Draper 349.
l-cporls Robert Colin  President
of Student Association, The con-
struction which was originally pillll-
nod and which llcccssillllcd the
closing of the auditorium will not
lilki‘ plilcc, according to Paul
Pcllit. Associate Professor of Eng-
lish. Page Hall will remain as it is,
and there will be no clllill‘gcillcllt.

The original plan was to extend
the pl'occnium ill'cll and remove lllc
first few rows of seats from the
auditorium. The back wall of the
stage was to be pushed back live
i'ccl. ill lll‘ClOi' to enlarge ii. These
decisions bad to be reversed for
scvcl'lll l'cllsolls. slates Pettit. The
main objection to the extension of
lilc pl’OCCllllllll lll'Cll was that the
sight lilies would not. be good. and if
illc lll'cll was moved nothing could
be seen I'i‘olli lilc balcony. The ob-
jcclioll lo moving l.llc silluc wall
backward WilS lllill. l.llc cost would
bc $12,000 pcr fool. total cost
ulllolllll lo $60.0lll). There is not
sili'i‘lciclil, mollcy in llic buduct to
coch' fills cxpcllxc.

English Classes
Present Readings

'l‘llc clusscs lll lll‘iil illicl'pl‘cllllioll
of drama and litcl'utill‘c. lilldcr lllc
(lil'cclioll oI' Agllcs E. Fultcl'cr. Pro-
l'choi' of English. will pl'csclit tilcir
lllll‘(l i‘l’l‘iliili; oi' (Il'illiullic rclldlllgs
’l‘llcsdlly cvclllllg iii 8 pm. lll Dru—
pcl' 349, illlillllllll'l‘h Putl‘lcill Kip ‘56.

’l‘llc cvcllilig's program will Icu-
llll'i' xccllcs from "’l‘llc Rivals" by
Richard Sllcl'ldllll lillll "()lllcllo" by
Sllzikcspcul'c.

Nululic lei‘lil‘l‘ '55 will l‘clld
“A Clip oi 'l‘cu" by Kulilcl'lilc
Muilsilcld. lt‘lllilc I... Vllvru will
l'cild "l‘ilc 'l‘l'llcl" by William Carlos
Willllllils, Judy Villllllcl'sicdi. l'cudillg
"You Wl‘i‘i' Pcl'i'cclly l‘lllli‘” by Dor—
ollly Pul'kcl'. lilll'bili'u Douglass i'czui»
mi; "My First Confession“ by Frank
O‘Connor, Juniors, and Cilul'lcs I.
Cl'owdcl' '57. i'l‘li(lllll.'_ sclccllolls ll‘llill
"Jollll Brown‘s Body" by Siopllcll
Vincclii Bcllcl.

Pledge Freshmen

Tilc Presidents of two fraternities
and six sororities have rclcascd the
nullch of recently initiated lllcnl-
bci‘s into their groups.

Sl‘llllil Lambda Sigma formally
initiated: Louis Cllslloll '56. Alltll-
oily Oilvicro ‘57. Roger Allen. Robert
AlWill'Cl, Richard Blil'tllololllew, Da—
vid lilum. David Cali. William Dc
Grou'. Warren Dullilam, Hubert
Feilo. Julvlcs Fitzsillnllons, Joseph
Flynn. Donald Fowler. William
Gl'opp. Dollilld Gullllarson. Rich—
ill'tl llinck, Robcl'l Kopecek. Alan
LllFlllcc. Lco Legunll. Warren Lcib.
Alilll Lcyillc. Carlton Maxoll. Pctcr
McGuirk. Ronald Pryor, Burton
Rounds. Robcrl Scilultcis. Paul
SlUillltl. Gcl'uld Sullivan. Frank
Swisky. Thomas Wattllews. Joilll
Young and Thomas Hlli'csign. fresh—
llicn.

l\ll'll(lil)' cycllillg Kappa Bcta ill-
liafcd: Cilrullclo Vil'glllio ‘56. Peter
Dykcnlull illlCl Stllnicy Sussman.
Sopllonlorcs, Joules Lol'ricllio, Lynn
Nilsoil. Joscpll Connors. Peter Prior-
lnulll. David Miller, Brent Patton
and Franklin Roth. i'l'csilmcll.

Kappa Della freshman initiates
:ll'c: Ali'l'cdu Asccl. Helen Bctzcr. Lor-
l'llillc Kozlonski, Margaret Kraus.
Evclyll Moody. Nancy Paglillo.
(Continued on Page 4, Column 21

Student Council:

Barbara Salvatore, President; Jac-
queline Darﬂer, Vice President;
Mary Jane Meara, Corresponding
Secretary; Josephine Guiliano,
Chaplain; Jean Hageny, Songlead-
er; _Joall Lopat, Parliamentarian;
Juniors. Ami Killsler, Recording
Secretar ; Elizabeth stapleton,
Treasurer; Ann Gilchrest, Inter-
Sorority C o u n c ii Representative;
Sophomores. Evelyn Moody, Alumni i
Secretary; Sheila. Sullivan, Histor-
ian; Lorraine Kozlowski and Ethel
Shalld. Marshals, freshmen.
Psi Gamma

Evelyn Neumeister '56 was elected
President of Psi Gamma. Other of-
ﬁcers include; Barbara Douglas. Re-
cording Sccretary; Judy Vimmer—
stedt. Chaplain; Carol Sanders,
Critic; Juniors. Rita Hohnke, Vice
President; Joyce Piccard. Corre-
sponding Secretary; Gertrude Wild-
er. Treasurer; Mary Knight, ISC
Representative; Nancy Hughes, So-
cial Chairman; Sophomores. Jody
Alnbl'osillo and Normandy Pishko,
Marshals, freshmen.
(‘lli Sigma Theta

Tilolllasina Pagan ’56 is the ill-
coml‘ng President of Clli Sigma
Theta. other ofﬁcers are: Barbara
Mul'llane. Vice President; Catherine
MCCavllll, Alulmlli Secretary; Juniors.
Mary Formall. Secretary; Sheila
Lister, Treasurer; Sara Jane Duffy.
ISC Representative; Bernice O'Con-
nor. Songlcadcr; Eleanor Roney.
Factotcm; Sophomores; alld Bur-
lletta Bl‘Ull'il'lelCl '58. Historian.
Gamma Kappa Phi

Tile new President of Camilla
Kappa Plli is Jane Wllitellurst ’56.
Allll Ryan is Vice President; Lillian
Gregory. Trcaslu'cr; Linda Niles.
Soligicilder; Juniors. Carol Lylles,
Recording Secretary; Allll Pouiill.
Corresponding Secretary; Joan Reil-
dert, Clerk; Margaret Culligan,
(Continued on Page 6, Column .1)

Student Council Passcss Financial
Requests; Slates Special Assembly

By RICHARD SAUER

This week‘s Student Council
nlcctl'ng puss-ed financial requests.
scllcdllled a special assembly alld
cllgalgcd in discussions over certain
blldgcls with tile i'C‘Sllll that a com-
illlltcc was established to investigate
our organization under the SA bud-
pol.

Lclldillg oi'l' lllc cvcliillgs lig-
clldal was o i'cporl by Nancy Light-
llllll '55, Cllilll‘lllilll of Moving-Up
Day. A l'cqucst was sliblllilicd to ill—
ioi. $95 from surplus to pl'ovidc for
pi'liilcd programs for lllc lllol'llillg

Frosh-Soph Classes
Plan Party Tomorrow

'l‘ilc zilllllllll li‘l'osii-Sopil Plil'ly
i'csllvlllcs \\'lll coinillcncc at ii o‘-
clock loillol'l'ow cvcllillg illl(l coll-
cilldc ill. 11:30 p. ill. in lllc Bril-
llill‘lil‘l‘ l)llillli1 itooill. 'l‘llcrc is no
:lllllilssioli llli‘ lllc minor and l'cspcc-
llvc cllisslllcll may colllc slug.

'i‘llc Party will carry ll "Rcd
Hot. and Blilc" lllclllc. Music will
bc illriiisllcd by liic strains of the
Pcdi-ills. idlilcl'lullilliclll. lllld rc—
ll‘cxillzlcllls il::\'c bccll planned for
lllls llll'oi'lllui dl'css illlilli', also.

ill cllul'gc ol llllllci'llillllllcill will
bc ililllll'l‘ Cililiiipiollic ‘57; Dccol'll-
llllll‘i. l‘:ill‘i‘li llllllcy: licl'i‘cslllllcllls,
Hllhzlll llll'lJUl'lllllll and Llolorcs Haili-
llloilll. l"l‘cslllllcll.

Ronald Alexander '58 and Robert
Burns '57, how bccil licslgniltcd us
C(l-Cllllll‘llll‘ll.

events and $25 to be used ill pro-
ducing the evening show. Student
Council accepted the recommenda-
tion and it will now be presented to

Discussion at iilc meeting tllcll
cllsucd :is to when would be the most
advantageous time to hold a special
assembly. After deciding that there
was no time in the evening free to
hold the meeting without interfer-
ing with otllcr organiultiolls, it was
proposed and accepted that next
wcck's Student Coullcll be held lit
7:30 pm. Monday, and the Special
Asscillbly next Wednesday at 7:30
p.ln. It was dccidcd that holding
tllc Studan Council meeting Moll-
(lily Would affect fewer people's ob-
ligations Lo olilci' ol'gailimttions.

Dllc lo a inislllkc ill the facilities
budget if was necessary for Council
to vote $72.97 from surplus to cover
part of l‘ccent. SUB purchase.

At this point ill the meeting a
penetrating discussion took place
wilcil Lllc Campus Conllllissioll Bud-
gcl “as prcscllicd, It. was brought
up by numerous SC members and
spccliltol's that Campus Colllinlssion
wus cxlrcillciy lllx ill their duties. It
was poiillcd out that warnings were
ilol bcillg givcll. posters were not
bclllg pill. up until late and sonic-
limcs not at all, and when lilcy were
pill up illcy Wl’l't‘ lioi fastened prop-
ci'ly. pills ll scl'lcs of definite cllscs
\l’lll‘l'l‘ Campus Collllnissioil lllld
i‘uilcd in its duties. As a result of
lllls cllliglltcnillg discussion Mar»
joric Kcllcllcr ‘56 proposed that ll
colnulillcc be set up to investigate
(Continued on Page a, Column 1)

 

