 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

Little U. N.

The conference of the Inter-Collegiate Association,

. . mm... man-awn”

.. .. .o...~_.....~u—u

 

 

l Kapdd KW

By JOHN REINERS

held here this past weekend, saw the convocation of all The New South

but two of the New York State Teachers’ Colleges. In an
attempt to achieve a unity between them, they discussed
problems common to all of them and searched for solu-
tions. By exchanging ideas and suggestions and working
together, each college can benefit one another and the
group as a whole.

Previous to this conference, ICA was not a very active
organization, but this meeting went a long way to strength-
en the Association. Delegates who attended this confer-
ence left with a feeling of pride and confidence in the new
Inter—Collegiate Association. The future looks bright for
this growing organization and we hope Albany will con-
tinue to play an important part in it.

Another Season . . .

Wednesday of this week saw the commencing of the
1955-1956 sorority rushing season. From now until the
middle of February the seven social organizations will
be tearing at each other’s throats, competing with each
other for the “cream of the crop” in the Class of 1959.
Armed with a set of rushing rules, a memory for names
and faces and their brightest smiles, they will descend
upon you freshmen and do their best to convince you of
their many attributes and of the advantages which will
be unfolded to you in your affiliation with their group.
These attributes and advantages are sometimes exagger-
ated in pushing their desirability and it has been known
that fresh have been enrolled under false pretenses.

As the enrollment in the college increases, the number
of freshman girls increases also, while the quotas for each
of the sororities remains the same. Theoretically, out of
approximately 300 freshman girls, only 175 would be ad-
mitted to the seven sororities, if each pledged its quota.
This, however, never happens and some of the 175 are
disappointed, to say nothing of the other 125 who didn’t
even have a chance.

As each year goes by, sororities seem, to us, to lose a
bit of their purpose, spirit, usefulness—call it what you
will. They do not serve any purpose or fill any need of
students save providing Junior and Senior members with
a place to live. In weighing the advantages against the
obligations, both financial and social, the scales do not
balance, but rather tip in favor of the latter. State, unlike
larger colleges which maintain a great number of sorori-
ties, is a very friendly school in which the students are
vrey close to one another. While there is a need, on other
campuses, to affiliate yourself with a select group in order
to establish close friendships or to rise to popularity
among the students, this need is definitely not present
on this campus.

With the need for them swiftly disappearing, we pre-
dict that another ten years will see the State College
campus empty of sororities.

 

STATE COLLEG E N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IDIO

BY THE CLASS OF IOIE

 

First Place CSPA
VOL XL

First Place ACP

November 18. 1955 No. 22

Mcmbcrs of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from 'I to
ll pm at 2~.'i3'.lii, Ext ll l’iionea Cochrunc, 3-7030; Swierzowski, il-ililili; Ooldxtcln,
some, Kciidig. .‘TUU'JI.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachorl;
ﬂblla‘hﬁi every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student
tool on.

AILEEN UOCIIRANI - - - - - . .
ESTHER GOLIIH'I‘ICIN - . . . . .
DAVID KI'JNIDHI - - - . . . .
lll'I‘A LAMBOULIA - - -
MARY ANN St‘IIIAI’I‘TIIAUIII‘JB
JOYCE Mlﬂ'l'llLVIAN . .

a - ldiiohln-Chlrl
Co-l'ublln liclilllons I-ldlior
Co-I'ulille Relations I-Zdlior
Co-Businens-Ailvrilislllu Izdiior
(.‘o-Business-A’le-rlixlnu I"iIlllil'
- - Circulation Editor

MARCIA LAWRENCE - - I - .- —- - I - - Alum-lair Edliol
'I‘JCIIAEI) BAUEH - - - - - - ~ < - Almrinir Hillel
IIIONIAH hNIlll - - - ‘ - - - - - - Feature I'Iillior
JOSEPH HWIEBZOWHKI - - - - - - v - ~boon-u Fail-u
DOROTHY HASMIJSSHN - - - - - - - - - Senior Hliorte Editor
JOHN INAPP - - ~ - - - - - - tit-H Photographer

All communications ehould be addressed to the minor and iiiiiiii be signed Nemea
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS usemnee no rtiniiiillﬂlillilly for
opinions expressed in its columns or communications. as each expressions do not
manurin reflect its views.

 

W‘

 

Ever wondered how life on the
plantation was faring since "Gone
With the Wind"? Well, your curi-
osity will be satisfied when you see
The View From Pompey's Head
which takes us back again to Dixie
for a. while. Dana Wynter plays the
usual fiery belle and everyone
drawls. because they're supposed to
in movies about the South.

Adventure at Strand

I Died a Thousand Times tells
how Jack Palance, a very wanted
criminal runs off with Shelley Win-
ters (who is also very wanted) to
a. very exciting but insecure life,
evading the long arm of the law.
They dodge a thousand bullets, and
break through a thousand road
blocks, and the movie-goer forgets
to eat his popcorn, he’s so busy
counting to thousands.

Imposter at Madison

The Left Hand of God is the story
of a Humphrey Bogart who posses
himself off as a priest to escape the
Chinese Reds. Why not run down
and see how this one works out?
Some would say it's very exciting.
Lee J. Cobb plays an Oriental
something-or-other and Gene Tier-
ney is around for love interest.

Shakespeare Holds His Own

The Delaware goes into its second
week of Romeo and Juliet which
just goes to show that there must
be something in Shakespeare after
all. I know one girl who’s going so
she won’t have to read it. Why not
get in on the act, students? Nothing
Like culture, I always say.

 

8W

 

To the Student Body:

Last Friday, the Junior Class and
Varsity Club sponsored a bonfire
and pep rally for the soccer team.
Considering the other activities
that were scheduled for the same
time, the turn out was encouraging.

To every student who was there,
we would like to say “thank you for
your support."

wasn‘t
“We

To every student who
there we would like to say,
hope you are at the next one."

We hope that this will not be the
first of its kind, and that the fol-
lowing bonfires and pep rallies will
be big successes. boosting the team
and giving thcm the support they
deserve.

.Iohn Rookwood,
President, Varsity Club.
Sara Jane Duffy.
President, (‘lass of '57.

To the Freshmen and the Vets:

In my editorial in the Gremlin
Gazette of Tuesday I stated that
the frcshmcn should attend the All
State Day Dance and in doing so I
made reference to the Vets‘ Buck
Social and understand it implicated
tlvat I advocated boycotting it, I did
not want to make it seem that way.
I wish to state, here ahd now, that
t! e frcshmcn should try to support
both events.

Steve .Iacohscn ’59.

Lanlord Releases
Attendance Rules

()scitr E. Lnnl'ord, Dcan of the
College, rclciiscs the following rcgu-
latlons concerning aticiidiincc bc-
i'orc and after vacations.

'l‘hunksglving rcccss begins ill
llzfii) illll. on chncsday, Novcm—
bcr 23. Classcs will rcsume on Mon-
day, Norcnibci' Llll, at ll il.lli.

All students, except undcrgradu-
atcs who urc on llic l)ciin's List, and
graduate studcnts with an averagi-
of 3.5 for [lie prcccding‘ scmcstcr
arc. rcquircd to iittcnd all classes on
Wednesday and Monday. Any stu-
dent who is unable. to aticiid chisscs
Wednesday morning should secure
an excuse from the Dean's office.
before Wednesday.

 

51 ATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 18. 1955

 

 

 

By ’l‘INAPP and DEVINE

“Truth—what is truth? Two bleeding hearts
Wounded by men, by Fortune tried."

COME, FILL THE CUP

Let's not forget the Campus Day activities this Saturday. The track
and ﬁeld events begin at ten sharp and ﬁgure strongly in the final
resting place of the Rivalry Cup. We understand the skits should be
pretty entertaining (provided you all turn out for "Operation Dust
Mop"). Here’s a break for all you freshmen who have never seen her.
The inimitable Miss Angie K. is returning to crown her successor, tth
year's Campus Queen. The main remaining problem is where to con-
gregate after the festivities in order to drink ginger ale from the vic-
tor's cup

GOOD DEAL

Student Council is backing another railroad. This one gives you
the opportunity to go round trip to New York City for the ridiculously
low price of $7.70. It ain't for free, but it's gettin’ close.

STARDUST

If you're not afraid of getting housemaid's knee, slip into your tux
or cocktail dress and saunter down to Page tomorrow at 2:00. Our
gracious janitorial staff has extended a cordial invitation to all State
College students to come and dust the seats. The dust cloths will be
provided free of charge. Water tool! (also).

DON’T DELAY—DO IT TODAY!

With so much advertising plastered throughout the school we fear
the All College Revue Committee's plea for scripts may go unnoticed.
If you have any original ideas, or any spare scripts lying around. sub-
Lnlt them! If you send them to us we get a percentage of the profits.
Hurry. hurry. Be a budding author.

(‘AN YOU TOP THIS?

Who has won the publicity war? Tonight will tell the tale. With
the bewildering array of Vcts' and All State Day runners, posters. pic-
tures, cartoons, etc, that keep bobbing up in the halls, Macy‘s and
Gimbcl‘s are put to shame. Torn twixt our desire for faculty fun, and
all the "coke" you can hold for a buck, we‘ll probably sit in the Union
and play bridge.

ALI. QIYIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT

If it seems awfully quiet around school from Monday morning
until Tuesday noon, it's only the fraternity men obscrring their new
silcnt period. It seems to us that this is a logical method of help-
ing the uppcrclassmcn make up their own minds regarding fraternities.
It appears to be a giant step in the right direction.

QUESTION OF THE WEEK?
Which beautiful belle will get the nod?

Happy
Thanksgiving

 

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER Iii
0:l.‘0 ll.lll. Modcl Security Council, Bruhnchcr.
8:00 li.lll. All State Night, Brubiichcr Main Dining lioom

 

SA'I‘I'RDAY. NOVEMBER Ill
7:30 |).lll. Campus Day Skits, Page Hull.

NOVI'ZMBI'IR :30

Van l)cr'/.cc llnll ()pcii Hollsc, 465 State Sircct.

Sigma [lambda Sigma ()pcn lloiisc, 155 South lnkc Arcnue.
Poilcr (,‘iub ()pcn lloiisc, Statc Htrcct.

(.‘iinicrbiiry Club Tour of All Hiiiiits' (‘nilicdruL Asscnibliigr
iii from of lr’icrcc Iliill.

(.‘haniiing Club, ()liiiniilng llall.

HI'NIMV.
3:00 pm.
3:00 pm.
3:00 pm.
7'25 pm

7:45 pm.
’I‘I‘ESDAV, NOVEMBER :32

8.00 prn. ltcndings from l.ii.crniurc. Draper 340.
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 23

12 noon ’l‘iiaiiksglving Viicaiioii, have a good tiniel

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 13.1955

PAGE. 3,

 

occermen Lose Hard Fought Finale To Panzer, 3-2;
Weiermuller, Nancetti Tally Goal Apiece For State

By ZACH CLEMENTS

On a beautiful Saturday afternoon the State College
soccer team dropped the final game of the season to a

Dammer Leads
Soccer Players

With Six Goals

By ZACH ()LEhIEN’I‘S

Well now that the currcnt soccer
season has ceine to an end and next
season's co-captains Bill Boncsicel
and Tito Guglielmone have been
picked. let‘s look back and see what
kind of season it has been.

The Peds won only 2 games while
losing '7 and tying 2. Not a very im-
pressive record as far as victories
is concerned but in the area of team
spirit and team play they were lin-
pressive.

Offensively the Fed goal scorers
shape up as follows:

Goals Scored
Paul Dammer ...................... ..
Ev Weiemiucller 
Ed Jones ............... ,,
Bob Backer .... ..
Bill Bonesteel  
Lou Delsignore .................... ..

Carl Maxson. Wendy Fowler, and
Fran Nancettl all scored 1 each. This
brings the total goals scored by the
Garciamen to 21.

On defense the Statesmen had 34
goals scored against them. Only a 13
goal difference in goals scored and
goals scored upon. Not bad for a
team that lost 7 out of 11.

Congratulations go to not only
those fellows who scored but to de-
fense men Hollis Tibbets. Al Leder-
man. most valuable player, Gene
Scott. and Ray Castillo. Goalie Tito
Guglielmone also turned in a fine
season. Hats off to freshmen Ed
Kucbeck, Gary Lewis, and Don
Mackley who all saw action during
the season. All State College thanks
you fellows as well as the other
members on the squad who helped
contribute to the team's season.
Thanks, guys.

 
 
  
 

NMNuF-U‘Oi

 

,4 page 7114.0“9/1 7/... troop

By BOB

As we peck through the hoop this
week. we sec the faces of three new
Peds. The three are Dick Causey.
Tom Hcppy and Gary Holway. Along
with the seven returning veterans
of last year's squad, these three
hoopsters round out the 1955-56
State varsity.

Olson Quits Team
Previous to this week, there were

four new members on this year’s
varsity. but due to academic rea-

Sioie Keglers
Drop Match

State's varsity bowling team drop-
ped 3 out of five points to the ABC
representatives last Tuesday even-
ing but still managed to hold their
grip on second place. The locals.
led by Bernie Theobald. Zidik, and
Stephenson, all with 500-pius triples,
took two of the three games. becom-
ing the first team to win two games
from the ABC “five.” The Buslnch-
men, however, set a record single
high of 981 to take the two points
awarded for high total pinnage.

A glance at the league standings
as of this date reveals that ABC
is far out in front with a 31-4 mark,
followed by State and Siena dead-
locked ln second with marks of
19-16.

The standings:

19 16
19 16
13 22

 

Union ................................ .. 7 28

Cheerleaders Begin '55-’56 Season
Under AA Board's Jurisdiction

After two weeks of extensive com-
petition fiftccn girls were chosen
Monday to make up State‘s 1935-56
checrlcading squads. Winning posi-
tions on the varsity squad wcrc sev-
eral girls from last year‘s group.
They include Jane 1ch, Bev Wylam.
Gayle Petty, Bev Ross, and Sylvia
Hallctt. Neweomers to thc vnrslly
are Marie Carbonc, Cindy Willis,
Marge Wimple. and Sally Harlcr.

The JV contingent will include
Phyllis Satz. Rose Mnric Santana-
cola, Grace Palmisano, Dcnise Hur-
lcy and Aim Barber.

Also new to the squad iliis ycar
will be the beginning of a group ud-
visor. Mrs. Coogan has acccptcd ihc
invitation to head the group this
year.

While the girls were swcaling
through the final day of pi‘ill‘lif‘i‘,
President Collins was giving his :ip-
provnl to Athletic Advisory Board's
rcconnncndation that ihc organiza-

JV Hoopsters List
Twelve Man Rosier

Aftcr scvcral weeks of practicc.
Sizitc's Junior Varsity baskciball
squad has bccn cut down to ll 1'.)
[Illill rostcr.

This yciir ihc tcani will bc run in
Conch Mcrliii I‘iillllilWil)‘ willi ihc
aid of Sandy Bcrnslcln, onc oi last
year‘s top notch hoopstcrs.

List Of Squad

'i‘his ycnr's squad lncludcs Bill
Blydcnbui'gh, ’l‘oni llricrly. .lcrry
Davic. lion li‘li'i‘l‘ii, Mikc I"lilili\’l',

Ron (iravcs, ltoy (,irccnqulsi, llarry
Ml'lcl. (lcrry Sul‘lvan, l’liil llidri-
gucz, Bob lebcts, and Darryl
Wilsii,

 

li‘ilm Developed

ONE DAY SERVIGE

ALEXANDER'S

207 (‘en tral Avenue

tion be placed under their jurisdic-
lion.

This decision, discussed by the
Board for two weeks, will mean
somewhat of a change in the opera-
tion of the group,

One big change is the inaugura—
tion of a group advisor cmpowcrcd
by and responsible to the Board.
Method of Selection Differs

The method of selection will also
be altered. Beginning next year the
group will be choscn onc week prior
to the first intercollegiate contest.
Although a captain and a nmnagcr
will be sclcctcd at ihc cnd of thc
year the life of the group will cease
onc day ai‘tcr the final intercollegi-
ntc contest of thc ycur, The follow-
ing your all girls linciuding tlic
clcctcd ('nplnili and manugcri Inusi
again conipcic for poslilons as thc
group will be run strictly on n onc
ycur lciiurc basis. This is bcing don.-
lo opcn ihc squad to all and ihcrcby
glrc nil llll cquni cliniicc.

’I‘hcy will also bc providcd with u
budgci so as lo inkc sonic away
gumcs with ihc icnms.

’l‘hc chccrlcndlng dilcmmn was ihc
first big problcm lacklcd by lhc AA
Uiilll‘fi :ii thclr \rcckly Thursday
incl-tings. This year's incinbcrs ill-
illlIii‘ Mr. Mcrliii Hathaway and Mr.
.li illl it. ’l‘ihhcls of ilic faculty and
.lrc Kcllcy, (ilnn lllil'ikcr, and Joc
Swicrrowski rcprcscniliig lhc sin-
(lcni ('OlllillHi'lll.

(orncr ()nmrio & licnson

i)i/\l.

FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

(fol/occ Flor/J! for Year!

 

Al-lll‘i

 

 

KAMPF

sons, last year's J.V. star, Keith 01-
son, has left the squad. Dick Causey.
no not “Cousy,” has had a slow
start due to a foot injury, but will
be back in shape in time to start
the season. Dick hails from Mount
Kisco, and is 6 feet tall. Coach
Sauers expects quite a bit from Dick.
The second new face is Tom Hop-
py, who hails from Port Jervis. Tom
is 5 feet 9 inches tall, and will prob—
ably make an imprint on a guard
position.

The most impressive showing
among the new Peds has been
shown by 6 foot 2 inch Gary Hol-
way, Gary came to State from Sara-
nac Lake, and on the basketball
court looks like a natural for the
Peds‘ chances of improving last
year’s record.

Scrimmages Unimpressive

Having given you some idea of the
men on the team, let's look at the
team in general. During the past
week, the team has gone into scrim-
mage, and to Coach Saucrs. the boys
look very unimpressive. If this is
any foretelllng of the future, the
chances for a winning team look
pretty drab at the moment. The
Feds have a long way to go in order
to prove that they're going to im-
prove last year's two wins and six-
teen defeats. At least one of last
year's returnees has shown a good
deal of improvement, and that is
Don Mayer. Lanky Don has shown
that he can play the pivot, and is
assuring himself of a starting as-
signment.

Foul Shooting Off

Foul shooting seems to have lin-
proved, yet there is still need for
more accuracy from the foul line.
Every day, the boys take any where
from twenty-five to a hundred foul
shots, and the tally sheet shows
that in many cases, foul shooting
could stand a boost. We'd like to
see an improvement over '54-‘55, but
frcin the showing during the past
week, the Feds are going to have to
go all out to give us that showing.

Frosh Initiates Attend
WAA Council Coker

WAA Coker Wednesday
night was the scene of the an-
nouncement and initiation of the
two girls who will be representing
the freshman class on WAA Coun-
cil this year. Sheila. Gerig and Sally
chks are the new representatives.
Thcsc girls were clcctcd from fresh-
man class nominations; voting was
limited to the freshman girls.

The

Managers Asked To Sign Up Teams

The winter sports season will be-
gin ai‘tcr thc Thanksgiving recess.
Sports managers of sorority houses
and dormitories are asked to sign up
bowling and basketball teams on the
WAA bullciin board. Any number
of teams may rcprcsent a group or
sorority house. Girls are also asked
to check the bullciin board for the
revised crcdii hours systcni.

 

LUNCH

WITH

THE
B U N C H

AT THE

SNACK BAR

 

 

tough Panzer “II” by a score of 3-2.

The loss was the

seventh of the season for the Feds who ended the cam-

paign with a 2-7-2 record.
In the opening minutes

of the first quarter the vis-

itors took the ball into State territory where it remained
until the first Panzer marker was scored via a hard shot

l M Basketball

To Commence
Alter Vacation

Commissioners Joe Purcell, Carl
Maxon and Ross Dailey have an-
nounced that Intramural basketball
will start the week after Thanks-
giving vacation. Twenty teams are
expected to participate in a full
schedule.

Games will be played in the Page
Hall gym on Monday and Wednes-
day evenings, and Saturday after-
noons. There will be three leagues
with six or seven teams in each lea-
gue; each squad will play at least
ten contests during the course of
the season,

Roster Deadline Set

Complete rosters must be submit-
ted to one of the commissioners no
later than Monday so that the lea-
gue may be thoroughly organized. A
captain's meeting was held last
Tuesday. and there was a general
plea for better officiating this sea-
son. The commissioners‘ suggestion
for setting up an instruction class
for officials was unanimously ac-
cepted.

A fine season is expected; a tro-
phy will be awarded to the cham-
pion of each league.

Hilltop Meets Poiler
For lM Football Title

The Intramural football cham—
pionship will be determined this
Sunday when a strong Hilltop squad
clashes with a powerful Potter Club
team. Both teams are unbeaten and
boast exceptional talent.

It is expected that passing aces
Bill O'Connor of Hilltop and John
Rookwood of Potter will match each
other aerial for aerial. Joe Ander-
son and Paul Victor of the Club,
and Mike Flahivc and Bob Burns
of the barracks squad have proven
that they are capable receivers.
Anderson To Lead Potter Runners

Potter Club's running attack will
probably be led by speedy Joe And—
erson. while Murphy will do the
lugging for Hilltop. Both teams have
strong dci'cnsivc and offensive lines
in addition to good backfield block—
ing. A close, hard fought game is
cxpcctcd with neither team going
into the game a favorite.

to goalie Tito Guglielmone’s left.
The Peds took the kick-off and car-
ried the ball into the Panzer terri-
tory where it was cleared by the
visitors' fast, alert defense. With
about 15 minutes of the period gone
Ev Weieimuller broke through the
visitor's defense and booted in the
first State tally of the day. The pe-
riod came to an end without any
further scoring.

The second half was featured by
fine defensive play by both teams.
Carl Maxson and Bill Bonesteel, as
well as Fran Nancetti. were all play-
ing fine defensive ball for the Peds.
Both teams narrowly missed scor-
ing, but alert plays by both goalies
kept either team from scoring.

The third period opened with the
Panzermen pressing the statesmen
immediately.

The State defense met the chal-
lenge and soon the ball was back in
visitor's territory where it remained
until a fast break by the Panzer
team caught the Ped defense nap-
ping. On a corner kick one of the
alert Norsemen headed the ball into
the extreme left corner of the Pod
goal out of the reach of Tito's out-
stretched hands. The score remained
Panzer 2. State 1. until Fran Nan-
cetti who had been playing fine
right wing all day, broke loose and
whaled the leather past the visitor’s
goalie to tie the score at 2 all. The
period ended without any further
offensive threats by either team.

Matters continued as a complete
give and take proposition for almost
the entire fourth period. The ball
was moved from in front of one goal
to the other. On seine fancy pass-
ing the Norsemen drew goalie Tito
out of the cage where he collided
with Bill Bonesteel and the game
winning marker was scored. As the
closing gun sounded. the Slatesmen
were pressing in front of the Panzer
goal.

Starch Beats Sallord
To Win Net Tourney

Hunk Storch, coming up with
some beautiful tennis play, went on
to win the Intramural tourney this
week as he disposed of Jim Lor-
richio, 7—5, 7—5, in the sembfinals
and Jim Safford in the finals. The
finals went to three sets as Hank
grabbed an early 9-7 victory. Saf-
ford came back to take the second
6-4 but Hank's excellent play be-
came too much for hlin in the third
and he bowed 6-4. Hank will be
rewarded with a victory cup for his
feat.

 

as $5 down.

5 weeks.

ONLY 21 Gil-OP

 

JUNIORS!!!

The CO-OP has a COLLEGE RING
TO RIVAL the traditional school ring.
It comes in your choice of stones and
prices range from $20 up. Yeti can pur-
chase any one of these rings for as little
rl‘hc delivery time is 4 to
Look around; several of the

Seniors are wearing them.

_.*_—

DAYS TO XMAS!

 

 

 

 

 

 

