MCWHFMW. . up - ,' ._-

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

PAGE 2

Judgement Day . . .

The first order of business facing the new represent-
ative legislature will be the much-discussed, controversial
Debate Council resolution concerning the religious clubs.
(The new resolution may be found in its entirety on page
one.)

Student Council defeated the second proposal by a
vote of twelve to five. Casting their votes in the negative
were the five members of the Junior class who, undoubt-
edly, were following the suggestion by their class that they
defeat the motion. However, it must be pointed out that
the Class of ’57 voted on the issue after only a five minute
discussion. This was the same issue Council had debated
for three weeks. The Class of 1957, in our opinion did not
discuss the question long enough and did not have baSlS
to warrant a decisive vote upon it. Had they been there
for a full discussion, we predict that their decision would
be altered.

This new resolution is essentially the same as the pre-
vious one. The major change being that there will be a one
hour limit put upon the meeting time for the religious clubs.
It still prevents any other groups from meeting for that
time on Thursday nights, which is, in effect, limiting free-
dom of speech and assemblage. It still doesn’t give religious
clubs who are not under the budget, the right to ask for
such a ridiculous request.

If religious clubs are given the right to an exclusive
time for meetings, every other group on campus has a dou-
ble right to make such a request. (In view of the fact that
they are under the SA budget.)

You representatives will be asked to consider this pro—
posal this morning and possibly come to a vote on it. Stu-
dent Council has recommended its defeat. We strongly
urge that you respect that recommendation and vote the
resolution down.

Use Your Head, Not Your Pencil..

Thursday and Friday of this coming week, you fresh-
men will be asked to go to the polls and vote for leaders
of your class for the coming year. The people you elect
will assume the responsibility of guiding the Class of 1959
and helping to establish its reputation at State College.
For such positions you will want capable, responsible peo-
ple, ones whom you will respect, admire and, most im-
portant, follow willingly.

To vote for such persons you must know these candi-
dates. If, not knowing them, you cast your votes with
indifference, basing your decision either on hearsay or
just the order in which the names appear on the ballot,
you may be doing your class and yourself great harm.

In past years people have been screaming “get out and
vote," “exercise your right to vote." But the main issue at
stake has been consistently overlooked and ignored. The
emphasis has been placed, heretofore, on the ritual of
voting rather than the thought behind the vote.

Now, we are not urging you to stay away from the
voting booth next week because you don’t know all the
candidates. You may know three out of ten who are run-
ning. If you do, and you think these are capable people
and worthy of the office for which they are running, then
come and vote for them! But, under no circumstances
should you look at a ballot, see 40 names unknown to you,
on it and proceed to number them down in order, 1 to 40.
It’s not fair to you, nor to the candidates.

Many times people are elected who should not be, be-
cause of this unintelligent voting.

You freshmen have almost a full week to consider the
candidates nominated as your leaders. Study your ballot
carefully and use your intelligence in voting. Your one
vote for the candidate you choose will mean more, in the
long run, than a number of votes for people you don’t know.

Use your vote intelligently!!!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY I Die

EV THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSPA Second Place ACP
VOL. XXXX October 28. 1955 No, 20

Mcmbers of the NEWS staff may bc. l‘i‘lii'lli'ti 'i‘ucsdziv iiiid Wednesday iroiii 7 to
if pm. at 2-3320. l-lxt ll. l’lioncs. Cochriiuc, T7030. Swlci‘zowski, 2-0843, (lolilstcin,
2-2612; Kendlg. 5-0921.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York state College for Teachers;
published every Friday of the College your by the NEWS Board for the Student
Association.

AILEEN COCIIBANE - - - - - - -
ESTHER GOLDSTI‘JIN - - - -
DAVID KENDIG - - - - - -
RITA LAMHOGIJA - - - - -
MARY ANN SCHIAI'I'THAUIIEII.

JOYCE MEYICIIMAN - - . . . _
MARCIA LAWRENCE - - - - - - . .

- - lditor-iu-Cbiel
Co-l'uhlic Relations Editor
Co-l'lllllld ltelutiuna Editor
C(l‘Huslilﬂha-r\dvt:rtIhIllt; Editor
Co.Muslin-MAAdvertising Editor
- - Circulation Editor

 

O
(quid KW I
By JOHN REINERS

True Life Story at Palace

The Girl on the Red Velvet Swing
is the true story of Evelyn Nesbit
Thaw, a sweet, innocent girl who
has two millionaires on the string.
Back and forth she goes on her red
velvet swing, looking sweet and in-
nocent, while Farley Granger, the
jealous husband shoots Ray Milland,
his rival. Evelyn, sweet and inno-
cent, comes down from the red swing
long enough to testify in court, and
have her husband put away. Such
are the passions of the rich, I sup-
pose. This all really happened about
50 years ago—it was in all the pap-
ers—and Evelyn is still alive. Bet
she's still riding back and forth on
the red swing too, looking sweet and
innocent.
Problem of Youth at Strand

Hoods, hoods, hoods, all over the
place. and there’s James Dean him-
self right in the middle of the whole
mess, acting as hoody as the next
one. The movie is Rebel Without a
Cause, and deals with all the sensa-
tional aspects of juvenile delin-
quency. Be sure to lock your car
when you go. This is the sort of
thing that could give local hoods a
few good ideas.
Song and Dance at Madison

If you like your optimism set to
music, you'll probably enjoy It’s Al-
ways Fair Weather at the Madison.
The plot is very weak but nobody
really cares because it's only there
to tie in the song and dance num-
bers. Beautiful Cyd Charrise stars,
along with Dan Bailey and Gene
Kelly. two of America’s oldest hoof-
ers. You'll be surprised to see how
they can still get around. at their
age. Look for a funny spoof about

Marty

The Delaware‘s latest offering is
called Marty. You’ve all heard of it,
no doubt. It's about a man who‘s
looking for a girl. It‘s all very plain-
tive and wistful, and at times may
be too much so, btit it is very well
done and a worthwhile movie.

6(3me

To the Editor:

One of the basic ingredients of
critical thought is the viewing of
any given problem in a larger con-
text in order to understand its rela-
tionship with other ideas.

Last week's editorial on the Debate
Council resolution in behalf of the
religious clubs is an example of nar—
row selective thought so typical to
the uninformed. Apparently. many
characters in this college selectively
refuse to view this simple resolution
in its larger context.

The Religious Clubs have been
troubled by lack of student partici-
pation for several years. This reso-
lution has been presented to prevent
other organizational meetings from
conflicting with meetings of the re-
ligious organizations.

In its larger context:

II If any group on campus can
reserve a special time in a neces-
sarily limited social calendar for
their meetings, be it two hours :
month or two minutes It year, they
are denying any other group the
right to meet at that time.

2) It is to be realized that the
religious clubs ilI'C burdened with a
membership problem, but is the So—
lutioii to this problem the elimina-
tion of com])ctltion~~or is it rather
it nicnibcrsliip increase ON THE
MERITS OF THE RELIGIOUS
ORGANIZATIONS THEMSELVES?

Bruce W. King '56
Student Council

 

 

._.

 

To the Facility and Student Body:
Since my Il‘t‘SIlllIilll year (I am
now ii Senior! I have understood
that there was it certain amount of
interest in the improvement of the
faculty—student relationship here at
State College. Perhaps I have been
mistaken. I bclicve that efforts have
been made to solve this "problem,"
but that the majority feels that
there really is no problem at all:

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 28. 1955

 

 

MING“

 

 

 

“Do you remember the old days before Representative Government,
when we used to sing the Alma Mater?"

 

By ’I‘INAI’I’ and DEVINE

   

"Strange all this difference should be
Twixt Tweedledum and Tweedledee."

A MODES'I‘ PROPOSAL

Debate Council is asking entirely too much by requesting Student
Association to willingly give up two full hours of its precious time each
month for the exclusive Lise of the religious organizations on campus.
Is it reasonable to expect the student body to submit to the loss of 14
entire hours out of the little time remaining until June? As the op-
ponents of this motion have brought out, SA activities are vastly morc
important. The elimination of these 14 hours, where our freedom to
assemble would not be honored would be catastrophic. After all. SA has
already succumbed to such regulations in rcgui'd to “All—College" func-
tions and dramatic presentations. How much can they expect of" us? A
line must be drawn.

And so, we propose that this motion not even be discussed. Filc it
in the circular ﬁle! Burn it! It's blasphemy! It‘s anarchy! It's progress.

SEEING IS BELIEVING

The eighth wonder of the world has manifested its presence on the
University of the State of New York. There was actually a day last
week when you couldn‘t place your empty coke bottles in the ruck in
the Commons. —Tlie_v were all full! Will wonders never cease??

lT'S THE LAW

Firc ordinances say there lll'L‘ certain places in every building whcrc
smoking is prohibited. It appears to us that everyone should be aware
of this. Not only the students, but . . .

GASTRIC GENUFLE("l‘IONS

Have you noticed the sanitary sugar cubes in the cafeteria? Wrapped
yet!!! They almost cure the heartburn you get from staring fit the new
dishes and the green walls.

TRIED. TESTED, AND FOL‘ND WAN’I‘ING

We understand that the new face with whiskers :it the Phi Dcltzi
house, which we scooped the College on several weeks ago hi this column.
has begun to lose its glamour and is on its way out. Too bad, girls!

SURPLUS

What do you keep in your deep freeze? Eskimos keep bluhbcr; house-
wives kccp meat and vegetables; Colombians kccp papaya. Guess who
keeps inoiicy??

SARIHNES, ANYONE??

If it weren't for the unfortunate Ililblt of breathing. which IlilS been
with us since birth. the assembly last Friday would IlilVi‘ bccii uncom-
fortnble, rather than unbearable. It was very scientiﬁc, though. It con—
clusivcly proved that two bodies cannot occupy the some spiicc :it. the
some time (no matter how hard they tryi. We are taking this oppor-
tunity to cast two votes to the effect lIlilI future assembly programs
of great drawing powcr bc licld iii the gym, if possible.

 

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 28

10:00 u.m. Legislative Assembly, l)l'il|)i‘l' 349.

11:00 am. Commuters’ Club llli‘i'llllg.

12 noon Comiiintcrs' Club mccting.

4:00 pm. AD Ploy try-outs, Driipcr 3h).

7:00 pin. Stutc College ’l‘hciiti'c Production try-outs, liichul'd—
son 20.

8-12 midnight Sigma Phi Sigma ()pcii llousc for Stun-smut

0:30-12 midnight (iilllllllii Kiippu Phi, llciii tho. l’hi Ili'llli ()pi-n llousi-s
for Snitcsnicn.

SI'NIIAY. ()("l‘OBl‘Ilt 30

7:00 il.lll.
3:00-6:00 pm.

Cuiilcrbury Club ()uling to Ncw York City.
llilliop, Summit, liidgc Open Houses.

'l'l'l‘ISl)i\Y. NOVEMBER I

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 26. 1955

PAGE 3

 

Nixon Addresses Forum Delegates Canterbury Club

At Herald Tribune Conference Travels To NYC

By SAM KRCJINIAK and CHARLES NELSON

Dynamic Forces at Work on
World Problems was the theme of
the 24th Annual New York Herald
Tribune Forum conference held in
New York on October 16 and 17.
State’s Forum of Politics granted us
an all expenses paid trip to this
highly interesting conference held
at the UN. General Assembly
Building and at the Waldorf-
Astoria.

The opening session of the Forum,
which was devoted to the problems
created by atomic energy, was held
in the General Assembly of the
United Nations. The program was
opened by Dag Hainmerskjold, Sec-
retary General of the UN.

The first part of the program was
devoted to a panel discussion of the
peaceful uses of atomic energy. The
panelists were all scientists who had
attended the Geneva Atom Confer-
ence this summer. The scientists
thought that the principal achieve-
ment of this Geneva conference was
that the world scientific community
was re—established. There were sev-
eral American scientists on the
panel, including Willard F. Libby.
member of the U. S. Atomic Energy
Commission. The American speakers
emphasized the shortage of techni-
cal students in this country. Dr. Vic-
tor Weisskopf thought that this
shortage was due to the fact that
not enough science is taught in the
high schools and because teachers
of science are not paid enough. Dr.
V. S. Emclyanov, advisor to the
Russian U. N. delegation. said that
Russia was not experiencing a sim-
ilar shortage. In fact, he said, that
there were six students applying for
every opening in the Russian tech-
nical schools.

After a program by the Mount
Holyoke College Glee Club, the at-
tention of the Forum was focused
on the political problems arising
from the development of atomic en-
ergy. The program was set tip on
a question and answer basis. The
questions were asked by Thomas K.
Finletter, former Secretary of the
Air Force, and John J. McCloy,
Chairman of the Board, Chase Man—
hattan Bank. The answers were giv-
en in speeches by Anthony Nutting,
British delegate to the U. N., Ark-
ady A. Sobolcv. Russian delegate to
the UN, and Harold E. Stassen,
U. S. delegate on disarniiiiiicnt, All
were optimistic on the chances for
the adoption of a control program,
but the plans that they outlined re—
vealed widc differences that must
still be settled.

Group To Go
On Camp Trip

Outing Club will travel to Ver—
mont this weekend, states Sue
Bernhardt ’56, President of the
Club. The campsite for the weekend
is located about three miles north
of Beiinington on the Long Trail
at the base of Stratton Mountain.

The group will leave Friday cvc-
iiing and return Sunday afternoon.
Those students who are interested
in attending thc wcckcnd camping
trip should contact Miss Burnhardt.
Eugene H. McLui'eii, Assistant Pro—
fessor of Chemistry is chiipcroning
the trip.

Bicycles iirc available for all stil-
dcnis over the wcckcnd for |)|‘I\':lii‘
outings, Students should contact
Robcrt chy ‘57 through student
mail or at. his home, 318 Quail
Street, to arrange for at time to
pick up the blkcs which are now
being kept of Levy's home.

Each pcrson who takes ii bikc out.
must present his Student ’l‘ux Curd
which will be lilkt‘ll when bikcs are
taken out and returned when the
bicycle is rcturncd.

()ntiiig Club showed at movie and
slides this week of their recent cx—
piditioiis.

The second session was held on
Monday night in the Grand Ball-
room of the Waldrof-Astoria Hotel.
The speakers on this program dis-
cussed various trouble spots in the
world. Some of the areas discussed
were India, North Africa, and the
Middle East. The diplomatic prob-
lems created for the U. S. by these
trouble spots was the subject of the
introductory speech by George V.
Allen, Assistant Secretary of State.

A Moroccan Nationalist spoke to
the Forum on the situation of the
North African dependencies of
France. He said that Morocco be-
longed to the Moroccans and that
he and his people resented French
colonialism. Paul Reynaud, former
Premier of France, answered him.
He said that France would "do what
is right," but that she had to pro-
tect the two million Frenchmen in
North Africa.

Barbara Ward Jackson of the
“London Economist” discussed the
real progress being made in West
Africa by the natives and the Brit-
ish Government. She closed by say-
ing that the Western World had it
that the big question of the day
was whether or not we were going
to do it.

The Forum was closed by Vice—
President Nixon. He stated that in
his opinion the chances for world
peace were better today than in any
time since World War II. He men-
tioned these problems yet to be
solved: first. the unnatural division
of peoples; second, the captive
states of Eastern Europe; third, the
international conspiracy against free
governments; fourth. the fear of
surprise attack with atomic weap—
OHS.

Religious clubs on campus have
scheduled events for the coming
week.

Sunday Canterbury Club will
travel to New York City for the
morning services at the Cathedral
of Saint John the Divine, announces
Carol Aim Keyser ’57, Publicity Dir-
ector. Later in the afternoon, the
group will visit the Cloisters. All
those who plan to attend should
meet in front of Pierce Hall at 7
am.

Father Owen Bennett, O.M.C..
Rector of Franciscan Monastery, St.
Anthony~on-Hudson. will speak on
“The Church and Evolution” at
the Newman Club meeting Thurs-
day at 7:30 pm, announces Bernice
O’Connor '57, President. The meet-
ing will be held at Newman Hall.
Keith Yandoh '57, has been install-
ed as replacement vice-president of
the organization.

The Inter-Varsity Christian Fel-
lowship has scheduled a panel dis—
cussion for its meeting Thursday,
7:30 p.in., at Brubacher, announces
Ann Kainmer '56, President. The
topic, “What being a Christian
means to me" will be discussed by
Gene Arnold, Frances Ireland, Gene
Scott, Juniors; Delores Seaman,
Sophomore: Oscar Nelson, freshman,
Moderator will be Kathleen Mon-
sees ’57.

The Christian Science Organiza-
tion will meet Thursday at 7:15 pm.
at Brubiicher, announces Phyllis
Purshiill '56. President.

Autumn Leaves Fall In The Circle
Inn As Teddy Wilson Performs

“The days grow short; when you
reach November." Those “few pre-
ciotis days” should be spent in get-
ting a date for the Junior Prom
which is to be held at the Circle
Inn, November 4. This Prom
promises to be the greatest ever
to be held here.

This year the Junior class is iii-
troducing many new innovations.
among which is a parade to Bleecker
Stadium in conjunction with Home-
coming Day. The Queen of the
From will ride in style this year in
il 1956 red convertible Chevrolet. As
for the band, the Junior class has
engaged the services of Teddy Wil-
Hill, one of the better available
dance bonds. As you have read in
previous issues of the News. Wilson

Student-Faculty
Committee Meets

The Studciit—Fuculty Committee
met for the first time this semester
on last Monday.

Members of the Committee are:
Ellen C, Stokes, Dciiii of Women;
David Hartley, l.)Cilll of Men; Anitii
Dunn. Supervisor of English in the
Millie School: Kiirl Peterson, Asso
cintc Professor of Music; Wiilicr
Schultzc, Assis tii iit Professor of
Science; Alan Wciiicr ‘56; Richard
Vunslcttc '56. and Nancy Godc '57.

The group discuscd matters inclu-
ding thc co—oi'dinntion of the use
of the 10 o'clock hours on Tuesday
mid Fridiiy, Activities Diiy. public
relations illlII thc iissiircnicnt of
good student lcudcrshlp.

Student Faculty Committee give..-
rcprcscntutivos of the Fuculty lill op-
portunity to mch with Student
Council and Myskiinin reprcscntus
lives to consider problems of lilillilitl
concern to faculty and students.

 

first broke into the ranks of music
with the Benny Goodman Quartet.
Since that time he has organized
his own twelve-piece combo—a group
widely acclaimed by West Coast
critics. Since it is autumn and with
autumn we always associate leaves,
:in amazing idea was forthcoming.
Why not have the Prom theme
"Autumn Leaves?" So with this
astounding idea, comparable only to
the Birth of the Blues, the theme
was adapted. The scene of the From
is set this year at the Circle Inn.
This is a night club located on route
9 within easy riding distance from
the metropolis. I emphasized the
riding, unless, of course, you wish
to walk out. which feat, I might
add, should be left to the Outing
Club. If you are wondering about a
ride, there are enough cars going
this year to afford everyone il lift
out. If you have. a car, and no one
is going with you (except your date
~rumor has it no stags this year)
why not arrange to take another
couple with you?

By the way, why doesn‘t someone
start ii motor pool? Flowers this
your are up to your own discretion.
The dress this year, men. is the
some us always. Tux if you have
one. dark suit if not the tux. If you
have a “soup 'n fish," which usually
is limited to the Ivy League, by ilII
means wear it.

A short "pot—pourri" of thc Prom
~ii‘ you want it good time. dancing
to the strains of Teddy Wilson while
stumbling through tons of autumn
lcovcs, come to the Junior Prom
November 4. Bids are now on sale
in Lower Hiistcd. I.ct's have :1 good
turnout.

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave..
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARBERS
We Aim To Please

 

 

 

Student Council:

Student Council Defeats Debate 

Resolution, Name

s A" - State Day

By ELIZABETH STAPLETON

Student Council, at its meeting
Wednesday evening, heard commit-
tee reports, set the date for All-
state Day, approved the work of
the new committee for the improve-
ment of activities, and defeated the
resolution from Debate Council.

Student Board of Finance deleted
a $20 line from the WAA budget
and increased the News Board line
in their meeting this week, reports
Clyde Payne '57.

Dick Vanslette ’56 stated that the
faculty members on the Student-
Faculty Committee are Dean Stokes,
Dean Hartley ,Dr. Peterson, Dr.
Schultz and Miss Anita Dunn.

HomecomingBand

Needs Musicians

Plans are now under way for the
organization of a “Pep Band" to
play for Homecoming Day, Novem-
ber 5, announces Dr. Charles F.
Stokes, Professor of Music. Seine
instruments for this purpose are still
available.

There is a shortage in the trum-
pet, horn, tuba, clarinet and drum
sections. Rehearsals are being held
Thursdays at 3 pm, and for those
who do not attend assemblies, there
will be additional rehearsals held
Fridays at 10 am.

All those students interested in
joining this band should see Dr.
Stokes or report to Richardson at
the specified times.

Dr. Stokes also wishes to announce
that there are openings in the Col-
lege Orchestra for string players.
especially violinists. Rehearsals are
held each Tuesday at 3 pm. in
Richardson 28. Dr. Stokes would like
to talk to anyone who is interested
in joining either the Orchestra or
Pep Band. The Music Office is lo-
cated in Richardson 28. Those wish-
ing to join the Pep Band should
sign Lip as soon as possible. Home—
coming is just one week away.

Ronald Alexander '58 moved to
approve the Rivalry schedule which
sets the Men’s and Women’s soft-
ball games for Sunday at 2:30 pm.
on Beverwyck Field. This was sec-
onded and passed. A tentative
schedule for track and field events
has been set up.

The Improvement of Activities
Committee, as reported by Sara Jane
Duﬁ‘y ’57, proposed two new plans
to Council for consideration. Ro-
berta Stein ’56 moved to accept the
plan whereby Activities Day be re-
organized as an Activities Week in
which two organizations would hold
receptions each night of the week.
The week would be culminated with
the banner presentation and the
skit in Page. Miss Duffy added that
the committee is planning to look
into one major school event each
week and report back to Council.
David Kendlg ’5'"! moved to have
the committee also work on a re—
vision of meeting nights during the
week.

A suggestion by the committee to
have the present Student Council
pick the chairmen for next year's
early fall events was put in the
form of a motion by Kendlg and
passed.

A committee consisting of Aileen
Cochrane, Jean Hageny and Robert
Betscha, Seniors, was appointed to
work with the faculty in setting up
this semester's Leadership Confer-
ence.

The date for All-State Day was
set for November 18. Bruce King
moved to take $120 from surplus
for All-State Day; this was passed.

Lorraine Kozlowski '58, was elect-
ed to the All-College Revue Com-
mittee and Joseph Kelly '56 was
appointed to the New Types of Gov-
ernment Committee.

The meeting ended with a heated
discussion on the Debate Council
Resolution. Student Council will
recommend to the Representative
Government that the resolution be
defeated. The resolution was de-
feated by Council by a 12 to 5 vote.

 

 

_L_
“Relax —- ii's iu
J u n i o r will c
Of course I)ll(l Ifi \Viilll‘il
you hudly! Ilc's fold

iiiuny iiincs that his fri
like the plague. All he

Ilt‘l', if you need if IlIlIi
your hiIII'olil, there 5 no

  

si the doorbell.
all offer 6!”

up lilic :1 DH: watch the

nights you cull homo. He needs any news uhoui

:ill flit o.(I stories so
clith :irc avoiding hiin
\vunis is no“ material.

You've mode the hopscoich (cum. in joined
him I’sycho fruiorniiy. Anything! And rcincin—

~ cxfrn oil to lubricate
better way to prime the

pump Illllll with ll‘cqticlll piioiic calls. In loci,

MATTHEW oﬂonou :IIOIIII? 5:3” they sec nothing wrong in the situ-
- - - - - - - - noun. or.  ..<‘  _ ,_ . _ "/ --' '  I!“ '
lthlMItD swan . . . . . . . . . Mum“ mm" iitltili till: it. purist past Iliilllilfbdltf moo um Junior (.Iitm liii'i'illlg, Ifli‘Iliil‘ilSUll 20, II you mil .my night .lllil o oi .ill (in .Iillll(l.l,\,
rosary swmazowski - - - - - - - - 7- spam editor 1 11}th W“ “1131119115 0 i 0! lb 7:00 phi. Scnior class nit-cone, iii-uburhcr. when Ilurgmn Iiiiicsorc moth-cl, l)odw.ll think
mmoiur itAllemnluh - - - - - - - hcnlor hpurts Editor in miprovc llIli'l relationshipr tlvhlcll 7:15 pm. l4‘rcshnimi I‘ili't'llilll Halli. llrubuchi-r (ialllit' lioom. vou'vc li“ll‘lli‘(l how to ll'lll(ll(‘ ("iin sil'v boy"
,0.“ INA“: . . . . . . - — - sun Photographer h‘ut' ML,“ 1," "Im‘li 5”“‘hhv" ' - - 7..i0 pin, (.oiiuiicicc mid Distributive I‘.(llli'illllill (‘lubs lhil~   oo- ‘ , ,, , ,
instances wliiih h.ch shown that lumut.“ puny! “ruhuthvrl Ncw ‘ioi‘k lclcpnonci onipuny.

All communications should be addressed to the editor and "lust be signed. Nam”
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for
opinions expressed in its columns or communications, as such expressions do not
necessarily reflect its views.

 

the faculty and the students can
get along well and work Well togeth-
cr. But. I do not for] that there is

’I‘Ill'ltSIlAY. NOVEMBER 3

— COME EAT —

2” Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.
Phone 6-8610

 

 

 

 

“Hy pumculm. dom.“ m, mu pun 7th") pm, Ulll‘lSilllll Science ()l'HillllAllIliill moi-ling, lirubuchcr.
W] of either of thc groups involved to 7:33“ ll-“l- Ni'WlllilIl (flub loci-Hun, Nrwmuii IIllIl """"""“ "‘ ' " "‘_‘” ‘ ' "
(Continued on Page 1,, Column 1) 7n“) lHH- liliW'ViH‘hllN Christian li‘cllowship int-cling, llrubm-hcr.

 

 

