  

PAGE 2

United We Stand . ; .

Overheard on the bus the other day was the following
conversation between two State students: “Is your brother
coming to State next year?” “No, he wants to go to a real
college.” This is just one of numerous comments thrown
around by students of this college and we are becoming
rather annoyed and disgusted with them, after hearing
them for four years!

New York State College for Teachers at Albany is as
respectable and fine a school as anyone could hope to at-
tend. It can hold its own academically with almost any
other college in this country and is certainly far superior
to many. We are fortunate in having an excellent faculty
and an administration who has recognized the need for
and granted the students freedom in governing student
affairs long before other colleges did this. They have given
us responsibilities in college which prepare us for the great
responsibilities we will have to undertake as citizens and
teachers. Few other colleges put this much trust and faith
in their students, and this trust should make State stu-
dents very proud.

It’s about time some of these students who are con-
stantly talking down the school began to feel and express
some pride in their college and stop berating it. The teach-
ing profession is greatly respected in all communities and
we who are about to enter it have had the best preparation
possible here at State. In addition to education courses
and a teaching certificate, we have attained a very valu-
able education in Liberal Arts, something no other teach-
ers’ college in New York State offers.

We chose this college for many and varied reasons
and no one is forcing us to remain here. If you are not
satisfied with conditions here you are perfectly free to
leave at any time, and both you and the college would
probably be better off. Rationalizing your reasons for en-
rollment by claiming poverty, etc., does not say much for
you as an individual, and placing every college above yours
emphasizes your own feelings of inferiority.

Since no college could exist without its students, you
are State College. You make it what it is and anything
said against it is also against youll Think of that the next
time you start ripping the college up the back.

It's The Thought That Counts . . .

It’s that time again—Santa Claus is packing his bag,
people are practicing for the Sing, and all the little girls
and boys are listing their dearest desires in hopes to find
them under the tree come Christmas morning. Having
passed through this phase we all realize the great impor
tance placed by children upon Christmas presents, no
matter what they are. There are some children who are not
as fortunate as others in having a home and family to
play Santa Claus. SMILES is playing Santa again this
year to some to these children—~the ones residing over on
New Scotland Avenue in the Albany Home for Children,
but they can‘t do it all alone. They need a lot of help and
they are asking you, Student Association. to contribute in
any and every way you can—either donations of money
or a gift for a child from six to sixteen. It certainly isn‘t
too much to ask of every student to give up a few cokes or
cigarettes and spend that money for a small gift that
might make one youngster’s Christmas a little brighter.

Let‘s all play Santa this year and fill those SMILES
boxes to the top and overflowing! Remember the words
of the New York Sun of many years ago: “Yes. Virginia,
there is a Santa Claus“; then think of all the Virginias in
the Albany Home and don’t disillusion them.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IBIS

BY THE CLASS OF 19l8

 

Fli'sl, Pliicc ACP
Ni). 23

First Place CSPA
VOL. XL

Members of line NEWS slaff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday irom 'l to
ll p.m. lit 2-3320, l'ixi ll. i’honcs' Cochrane, 2-7030; Swlerzowski. ‘J-uli-iil; (loldstein,

2-20”; Kcndig. :‘Hi‘J'Ji.

l)ci'cilll)(,‘l' 2. 1955

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers;
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student
MIOCIItlon.

Editor-in-Ohlef
CO'I'IIIIIIC Relations Editor
Co-I'ulilic Relations Editor

(lo-ltiisiucssAdvertising I'Zditor

(Yo-Iiiisincss Advertising Editor

Circulation Editor

AILEEN COCIIBANI
ESTHER GOLDS'I‘ICIN - ~ ~ . . _
DAVID KENDIG - - ~ . . . _ _
RI'I‘A LAMIIOHLIA - - - - - i .

MARY ANN SCIIIAH‘TIIAUlil'llt « - - -
JOYCE MEYERMAN - . .
MARCIA LAWRENCE - - - ~ . . .. _

Auouinte Editor
RICHARD BAUER - - - - - - - - - Alloointo Editor
THOMAS SMITH - - - ~ - - ~ ~ - - Feature I-Iditor
JOHMI’II SWIERZOWHKI - - - - ' ' ' ' -- Snort. Editor

DOROTHY ltAHMUSSICN ~ - - - - - - - Heiilur Sports Editor

 

JOHN KNAI‘I’ - - ~ - - - - - ‘ tit-if Photographer
All communications should be ﬂiilll‘l‘shtfii lo the editor and Iliihl bu Mum-d Numoii
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWH Ithhliilliin no rchpolihibllity for
opinions expressed in its columns or communications, as such expressions do not
naceunriiy reflect its views.

 



 

 

llﬁwuﬂwul
By JOHN REINERS

Old Charmer at Palace

Joan Crawford, Hollywood’s oldest
actress. is back in town. proving
once again to all her fans, that
you‘re only as only as you feel, and
not quite as old as you look. The
movie is Queen Bee, and Joan, hol-
low-eyed, suiiken-cheeked, ﬂamboy-
ant and crochety. displays her abil-
ity to bring out the worst in the best
men in town. I imagine she‘s what
every grandma would like to be. At
any rate, why not buzz down and
see Queen Bee? Don't be surprised
if you get stung.
Another Charmer at Strand

Liberace, Jack of all musical
trades, yet, peculiarly enough. mas-
ter of none. simpers. winks and
smiles his way into the public eye
in a new medium—the movies. In
Sincerely Yours, he plays a musician
who brings joy to the world through
his music. This work is supposed to
bring out his tremendous personali-
iy, but those of you who have seen
this “personality” on TV for 15 mill—
ute stretches can probably imagine
what almost two hours of it will do
to your digestion. or your outlook
on life. The whole thing is pretty
maurllin, believe me. The only sad
thing,r is what he does to the music,
and the only heartwarming thing
is that the movie ﬁnally ends. So
the parlor pianist who made good
turns dramatic actorlmA wedding
of the arts perhaps?
Something Good at Delaware

There's a very ﬁne ﬁliii at the
Delaware this week-The Sheep Has
Five Legs. It is a very delightful
(cinedy with Fernandel. a French
ccinic, in six roles. iThey say it‘s
all done with mirrorsi All you have
to do is sit back and laugh,

 

Gaulmum'calwnd

Open Letter
To the Class of '58:

The credit for winning Rivalry
does not belong to any individual
Sophomore, but rather to all those
Sophs who by some endeavor, great
or small, contributed to the success
of the Class of '58. However, I feel
that certain members of the Soph-
omore class deserve ..ome measure
of public recognition for the work
which they did during this year's
Rivalry. For without their assistance
and cooperation, the class could not
have achieved the degree of success
of which we are now so justly
proud.

I should like to express my apprc~
ciation and gratitude to the two
(to-chairmen of Rivalry, Ike Lallcy
and Bob Bosomwortli. lkc was an
invaluable aid during the entire
Rivalry. and to her goes much of
the credit for our success. Bob also
was ll great help, and he was proh-
iibly the MUDDIEST Ironicmbcr
piisb-i)iill?i Rivalry co—chiiiriniin in
St' to Collcge history. No lcss ini—
portant were my fellow officers. who
helped plan and execute our Riv—
ull‘y participation. and who (-ndur-
ed my weekly executive meetings
without complaint. A bettcr Vccp
than Joe Barton could not be wish-
ed for, and neither the class nor
myself could ask for a better group
of class officers.

It goes without saying. I believe
that Sal Zuccnro and the ciitirc
cast of our Campus Night show dc-
sci'Vc the praise of every Sopho—
more for producing a skit which
was one of the very best pcri‘oiincd
in Pugc Hall in many years; ccr—
thinly it will bc many more before
there is a bcltcr onc.

To all the lcadcrs of tho l|l(|l\'i-
dual Rivalry cvcnis 1 extend my
appreciation for their winning cf-
i‘oris, and last but not lcnsl i think
Dick Burtlioloiiicw dcscrvcs ii gi'cul
deal of ci'cdlt for tho cxccllcni Aci—
lviiics Day Skit which lic produced
lit the beginning oi the year and
which scrvcd in no small incusurc
lo inicgrntc tlic Class of Till.

i linvc tricd to lhunk crcry pm"—
son individually for their ('Iilili‘lllllv
tions to this year‘s itivulry. and l
have written this lcticr because i
fuel the cius.» should bc iiwiii'c oi
Illl‘ cfi'orls oi ('t'l'lillll individuals
whose zissisiiincc was invaluable to
liii‘. Obviously llll‘ pci'sons l have
cilcd are only n icw among lhc
MANY to whom [no Hophoiiiorc
class owes its :ippi‘ccinlloii, and lo
all of whom i can only say,
"Thanks "

 

Hlncci'cly,
Richard IIIlii'it.
President '58.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 2. 1955

’4 Guam In 74. Emu

 

 

We'iut‘ys ~~

 

 

 

Yes. they're all mine. Leave me alone.

 

By 'I‘INAI’I’ and DEVINE

   

“tis a tale told by an idiot,
full of sound and fury, signifying nothing."

INTO EVERY LIFE A LITTLE "FAITH" MUST FALL

Another budding thespian was added to the ranks over the Thanks-
giving vacation, when Mrs. P. B. Pettit presented the good Doctor with
a bouncing baby girl. Congratulations to all ci'inccrned. This is the
greatest "Pettit Production" so far!

FIRST YOI‘R PENCIL: TIIEN YOUR IIEAI)

It has been brought to our attention that something which is of
vital importance to all of us is lacking at State College. As future
teachers, our very existence depends upon a. thorough knowledge of the
workings of these missing mechanisms. If we do not have them. and
have a chance to use them. work with them. and enjoy their accomplish—
ments, the future of American scholars may be irrevocably changed.
Hence, we would advocate the purchase and installation in advantageous
positions of a new and bigger line of . . . pencil Sharpeners! IAnd besides
rescuing 2,000 future teachers from their pitiful dilemma, everyone knows
they‘re wonderful for sharpening pencils.)

YELLOW? GOLD? OR NAUSEA‘.’

Happy days are here at last. You now can find out the telephone
number of that blonde who sits in front of you in history class. Since
the Directory has come out, though, we have decided that the cover is
dcfinitely—modern—isn‘t it?

IF A ~ B _; (‘. THEN—

This Friday night sees the Pcds off on their most ambitious schcdulc
in history. Every time we ﬁle into Page, we complain about its size. its
posts. and it all around unworthincss. We would remind you of this;
before we can have a larger and better gym, we must show everyone
that the present one is too small. This puts the problcm right in our
laps, and means that attendance at home games is iicccssary. A simple
syllogisin:

We must attend basketball games.

We can push for a new gym by showing that the present one

is too small.

We must attend basketball games.

ALI. I'IR NI'TIIIN'

A representative froiii ihc Vcts appeared Wednesday night before
Student Council to secure permission to select ii. quccn for their duncc.
Sccins they want to select 10'; of the dormitory girls and sorority girls
to vie for the title. The problem is this: If there arc 22 girls in a group
house, .2 girls don‘t show up to well in a beauty conicst. So. the Vets
wonder how to "round out ilic figure," Any suggestions?

CAMERA—ACTION

The International Film Group desires to be admitted to the SA
budget in order to avoid the risk of personal loss of money. Bccnusc oi
the line and varied quality of the iiliiis they have prcscntcd, we feel
that this is an excellent idea. and we would like to scc than undcr
Student Association. Though this is no guarantee, there is n possibility
that morc students may uttcnd these movies if they feel zi closcr i'clzi-
lionship. IAnd if they feel their money liclpcd pay for itli

AND A I'ICI‘ RALLY. ’I‘OO

Here's your big chance. Sonic of the 1,900 who misscd tlic lust dis-
cussion on thc collcgc camp arc again afforded the clnincc at 10:00 nin.
today to hcur what‘s what. Oi coursc. if you have something morc
pressing lllkt‘ a bridge clinic or coil‘cci don't bother to conic. You‘d
probably l.c borcd anyway. After oil. it‘s only money! PS. This isn‘t a
“rcprcscnlalivc" assembly» it‘s ll "i'cul" onc.

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, lil-Jt‘lilillllCR 2

0:00 iiiii. Siildcnl Board of l“illilll(‘l‘ Election. ‘50.

10 ii.in.~~i p.ni. Orders for Junior (.‘luss Rings. Lowcr iluslcd.
0-12 midnight Suylcs Dulc l’urty

 

SI'NI)AY. l)lC( ‘I'ZMItI'IIt 1

4:00 pm. Htuicsincn. Albany Elks Club.
1)::i()pin. iiillcl Cliunukuli l’urty. ()lliilll Hliolom Synagogue
7.30 pm. (.iintcrbury (Ilub's Spaghetti Dillili‘l‘, Si. Andi'cw's Church.

TUESDAY, liltt‘IClliltI'Ill 6

10:00 am. Sophomorc (floss Mcciing.

10:00 uni Junior Class Mei-ting. Ill-ll.

7.00 |l.lii Ht‘iliiii‘ Class Mccinig, (lovcrnnicnl Hi .un lirubo 'hcr
7:30 [Hi] Psychology (.‘lub Mccling, lii‘lil);l('llt‘i‘ ' ‘

'l‘lll'ltSDAi’. l)l£(‘lilllltli2lt ii

1i Ill) Dill. Mr. Strulion‘s Hpcccli, iiruluichcr

7:00 pin 'i‘oyiulid, (‘liiilon Hqilni'c Neighborhood lionsc

"(.Jl) p.ni. inicr-Varsily Christian li'i‘llUWHIllli Mia-ling. lii'llllnclici’.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 2. 1955

PAGE 3

 

 

@ne @n 7/2 Hide

By HELENE GOLDA

On Tuesday evening, November
22nd, the Class in Oral Interpreta-
tion and the Dramatics and Ar:
Affiliates presented their second
evening of Readings from Litera-
ture in this semester's series under
the direction of Miss Futtcrer. Co—
chairmcn for the program were.
Charles Bostick and Anneiiese
Smith. Bostick gave a short
welcome to the audience and then
introduced the. readers for the eve-
ning.

The first reading, a selection from
Max Schulvman's Sleep ’I‘iil Noon
as interpreted by Harry Cookcl', im—
mediately captivated the audience.
Cooker combined an easy platform
pi'csciicc, an excellent sense of rap—
port with his audicncc, and a varied
tempo in order to achieve a sus-
tained comic appeal. At times, how-
ever, his concern for tempo and iii-
tcrcsi, in the narrative prevented
him from defining and making the
most. of his individual characters.
Also at times. his gestures became
superfluous. instead of being purv-
poscful and restrained,

Carol Allen ncxl presented an 0.
Henry short story entitch "Tlic
Furnished Room.“ She achieved
and maintniiicd n i'inc suspenseful
much in this rciiding. which ini—
provcd :is it progrcsscd. Trouble iii
golfing across sonic difficult words
and ii-clinicnl difficulties with the
character of the young unnn wcnk—
cncd lhc Iirsl. part of the reading,
lnii llic gcncrnl pi'ogi‘cssioii of

SMILES Solicits
Christmas Gifts

chiicsdny, l)(‘l‘(‘liil)i‘l‘ lll, SMILES
will bc host ill an annual Christ-
inns pni'ly pi‘i-sciilcd lit ilic Albany
l'liilill' for (‘hildi'cii, :iiinoiinccs Miil'y
Knight '57. Chairman o1 SMILES.
Two pnrilcs :ll‘i‘ bciiig organized, one
lll thc ni'tcrnooii for the younger set
and one in the cvcning for the old-
cr group. SMILES is asking the co-
opcl'ulioil of all students with the
financing of these parties by con—
tributing cilhcr gifts or moncy.

Sliidt‘llis :irc asked to contribute
gifts for both boys and girls from
tho ugcs of ii to 10. There will be
hoxcs placed in thc pci'islylcs hc~
iwccn Drapcr and l-lusicrl lillif‘lll‘ll
willi thc ugc groups. ’l‘hcsc gifts
\liillllfl be wrapped mm :1 short dc—
sci'iplicn of tlic gill placed on thc
cuisidc for proper classification.
lioxcs for monetary contributions
will bc l)iii(‘l‘(l in cvci'y group housc.
All donations iiiiisl bc inndc by Fri-
day, l)cccinbcr 0.

Anyone iiilcri-slcd in working on
:hc prcpnrniions for the party
should l‘Iilliill'I .lohn Mnion '58. by
slndcni. innil.

SBF Requests Books
Of All Organizations

Siic Burnhurt ‘50, Chairman of
Sindcni Board oi Finuncc, illi-
nonnccs lhiil nil organizations
should lcnvc li'cnsurcr‘s books in
Dr. I‘liinncy's oli'ici- immediately 11
llic hooks li:l\'l‘ not born :indiicd lo."
Noi'mibcl'.

'I'cnipornl'y ll) curds loi' >liiilt‘lli.‘
who did nol gci :in ii) curd cui‘lici'
ibis scincsicr :irc :l\'L|lliil)ll‘ iii in",
l’hnnicy's office This card will bc
issncd on lil'l‘\l'llI;lIltlIl oi stildcnl
rcccipl. Pci'ninncnl curds \iill bc lrs-
sin-d :iguln ill l"!‘l)l'ilill'\ whcn lili'~
llll'i“. will lll‘ lnkcii.

All vonchci's must bc lcll lli I)l'.
l‘hinncv's iiilll'i' by ’i'ncsdnv ill ll
ii iii. Iii. ordci' 1.1 how (‘lli‘l'l(.\ rczidy
\\’cdiicsdny or 'I'lilii'~il.i\' .‘\n\ vouch—
i'i's Icll :Illl'l' lli.iI liIin- Will not ill“
ill noi'cd nniil Illl‘ following \u-ck

Students Vote Today
To Fill 58F Position

lil'JIl‘lt'l‘ l‘ililJJ‘llldl'lll oil, (‘li:iii'—
mun oi i'Ih-clion Commission. on
Illiilllt'l‘s lilnl llii- \Ililil'lll body “ill
mic or .discnlcc lliilllll loi :i Slu—
lli'll' iionrd oi l‘vlilillil'l' lill'llilll‘l' loi'
llll' clnss oi liliiii illliil\ li'oin ll uni
io -i pm Ili lii\\l‘l' l)l.ilit'l'
iiicinln-i ol lin-

L...

‘i'iii' iiIIlii\\llil'.
lliililll lioin li.i\c lli'i'll iioniiimicd
Iiiiln‘il Kiilu‘i'cli, llii'lil i’nili'ii liiili
.illl lill'l'. l.liI_\lI Hi'\lliiilll', :ilill
'l'lliiliim Wdlllil‘“

events leading up to the typical 0.
Henry ending was well-handled,
and the ending itself was excellent-
ly done.

The third reader of the evening
was Nancy Gade, who offered a se-
lection from Alice Through the
Looking Glass by Lewis Carroll.
Miss Gade's masterful use of her
voice, appropriate facial expres-
sions, and varied body stances eli-
abled her to clearly define and de-
velop her characters and contribut-
ed to a delightful over—all perform-
once.

The evening was climaxed by a
presentation of Alice Duer Miller’s
poem, “The White Cliffs,” as inter—
preted in :1 dual reading by Marion
Stern and Phyllis Hurd. Both read-
crs deserve COlllilli-il‘ldﬂtlfill for the
excellent way they divided their la-
bors, for the breaks never seemed
forced or inappropriate. Miss Stern
did especially well in handling the
poetic line, while Miss Hurd gave
a sensitive expression of the
thoughts and feelings of the young
wife. They were working almost pri-
marily with narrative material,
howcvcr, and the reading tended to
suffer because of this. Perhaps if
more gcsilii‘c had been used and
iiioi'c had been done with the few
characters when lhcy did appear.
this could have been avoided.

The lnsi. in this semester's scrics
of Evenings of chdings from Lil.-
ci'nllli‘l‘ will be held on December
iii of 8 pin. in Draper 349 and will
bc a special Christmas program. A
grcnl deal of work goes into thcsc
linc prcsciitntions and this prom-
iscs to be H particularly worthwhile
progi'nlii. so don't miss it!

Student Council:

Greeks Pledge, Education 21%? They Also Serve

Iniiioie Peds,
Schedule Parties

Evelyn Neumeister '56. President
of Psi Gamma, has announced that
Joan Homan '57 was pledged on
Monday. She also stated that Cleo
Milliman, Nancy Gade and Linda
Lloyd. Juniors and Helen Hofmann
and Jean Stress. Sophomores were
initiated on November 20. They held
a coffee hour for the men of Al-
pha Pi Alpha on November 21.

Gamma Kappa Phi formally iii—
itiated Marie Carbone '57. They al—
so plan to have a Jazz Concert on
Sunday with music by Jerry Stick-
el. states Jane Whitehurst, '56
President.

Beta Zeta has initiated Mary
Ann Kuskowski, Robin Roy. and
Dorothy Kashgarian, Sophomores.
They also are holding openhouse
tonight for the men of RPI from
8 to 11 pm. states Betty Lee Smith
‘58. Reporter.

The following; were pledged into
Alpha Pi Alpha on November 22:
Gary Adelson, Brian Mortemsen and
Linus Thrasher. Juniors and Chris-
tian Belir, Richard English, Ri-
chard Mclumed. John Stefano, H0-
wnrd Caldwell and Carl Peck, So-
phxinorcs states Whitson Waltcr
‘56 Prc-ldcnl.

Kappa Bela has announced that
n dalc party will be held tonight
at ihcir house. All brothers and
pledges arc invich to attend states
Livingston Smith ‘36, President.

S.C. Appoints Committee Members,-
Assembly To Discuss Camp Issue

Student Council Wednesday eve-
ning heard nuincrous committee rc-
poris. approved the Assembly agcn-
dn. appointed new members to the
Conslitutional Rcvicw Committee,
Ncw T_\|)('S of Gchrnincnt Commu-
lcc, nlid clcctcd n chairman of tho
Commilicc looking into bndgci pro—
ccdurcs.

Clydc Pziync '57, rcpoi'tcd ilnil
Student Board of Finance appointed
Suc Burnhart '56, and Mary Knight
'57. :is rcpi'cscntntivcs to the Com-
milicc looking into new budch pro-

Scholarship Group
To Award Grants

The Allinncc Francoise of New
York is now receiving applications
for a certain number of awards cull—
cd Fribourg Scholarships, accord-
mg to Edward P. Shaw, Professor
of Modern Languages and Scholar-
ship Advisor.

As n contribution to lnlcrnnlioinil
lllltlt‘l‘Slilll(lllii.‘., lhcsc scholarships
lll'i' dcslincd to assist worthy sin—
dcnis from the Unich Statics and
ii'rnncc by enabling them In study
in Illi‘ othcr country, Each scholar-
ship is of nil amount of $1,100 pcr
:uinum. or ihc couivalcni in French
cui'rcncy. and l.\ nwni'dcd lor oin-
\l‘iii'.

Appliciilions ninsi rcucli ilic Alli—
uin'c l“i':ilic:iisc of Now York iiclorc
.lnnuziry illsi, 'i‘o olilnlii Ihc propcr
iornis. \\'i'lli‘ lo: (‘lniirinan of Schol—
.il'sliip (‘ommiiico Aliiillll‘i‘ Fran—
cnisi- of Now York, ~i I‘lnsl ii‘lnd
Sin-cl. Ncw York 1313, chi-losing :i
scIl-nddl'csscd cnvclopc.

cedures. This coimnlttec, establish-
ed at the last Council meeting to
investigate new ways of presenting
niid passing the SA. Budget. iii-
ciudcs the following persons: Mi-
chncl Muxian, Miss Burnhart, Miss
Knight, Theresa Barber, DiiVid
Kciidig and Bruce King, Miss Burn—
hairt was clectcd by Council to scrvc
as Chairman of tho Conuniltcc.

Resulting from n lill‘cliiig of the
Student-Faculty Coniniiitcc ropori-
cd by Kcndig, was a plan for lin-
provcmcnt of the cafeteria as it now
cxists. Campus Commission is in—
vcsiigating Riclnirdson. and Hust-
cd Commons, Draper Lounge and
thc cnfctcrhi with the intentions of
cleaning them up and posting rulcs.
'i‘hcy intend to cut out the curd-
pluying in thc cafeteria, establish
bcticr lighting in Ncw Drupcr.

Elcctcd to the New Typcs of (jov-
cinmcni. Committcc was Steven
Jacobson ‘59, and David chilikc '57.
rcplncing Joscph Kelly '50, who rc—
cciilly resigned.

The Asscinbly will be 21 regular
nicciing of Student Association and
will he licld in Draper 349.

'i‘hc Assembly :igcndn is as fol-
lows: "l‘ypcwriicr Pool Financial
Molion. discussion on the collcgc
camp issue, and inirodnciion of (he
linskclbnil [cum and cliccrlcndci's.

 

Felicia’s Beauly Salon

sit-A No. Lake Ave.
(Near Washington Ave.)
“JIMMY"—H:ilr Stylist
Telephone 3—9749

 

 

75 State Street

 

ART KAPNER

"YOUR STATE INSURANCE MAN”
ALL TYPESrd

$147!

lNSURANCE

Albany, N. Y.

 

 

Who Only Sit

And Satirize

By THOMAS SMITH ’57

Starting next year we are going
to begin plugging for a new course.
The title of the course would be
Education 21% “How To Evade A
Pupil's Question."

The first method is to completely
stun the annoying questioner. Let's
take a course in mathematics. The
student might ask. “Does X plus Y
always equal X?" The teacher might
offer this reply. "In answering a
question of this sort, we always
have to consider the Pythagoran
theory in conjunction with the bin-
rinial theorem. then we proceed to
the sum of the X and Y axis. Sub-
tract the length of the hypotenuse
from the sum of the adjacent an-
gles. Does that answer your ques—
tion?“ The student. by this time.
is so overwhelmed that he answers
with a weak "yes". This will usually
suffice to shit up the rest of the
class for the entire period.

The next method is to lull the
students to sleep. This is usually
accomplished by a forty minute an-
swer to his question. This sort of
method is the most humanitarian
of all. A teacher of this sort once
earned the dubious epitaph: “He
robbed himself of sleep to bestow
it upon others."

A third method would be to make
usc of the effects in the room. If
you get stuck with an extremely
cmbarrnssine question, pause a ino—
incnt in silent contemplation, and
walk over to the window. Take the
cord of the curtain shade and be—
gin lying a hanginan's noose in it.

6 (MIL

“if!

n r"’\'V-A ﬁOﬁA "4 ‘
. -,- ,. ~ -\~.. - \. ."' \
414;] . ,  W, {v
r

r
P .
l2 It’s C/mstma.

7

E belwzcr.’

"CC‘VSA

«AM

i.

 

9) /\
it"

Time to Seven?»  u

 

You then say to the student, “I’m
not quite sure I quite understand
your question." He takes one look
at this symbol and immediately be
will rephrase his question to a sim-
pler plane. If this fails. take out
your roll book and scan the list
of names as if you are making a
special note of his name.

If all these methods fail, tell
him to bring it up at a later time.
In the meantime. go down to the
library and look up the answer.
but never admit that the question
has you stumped. it must always
be "vague."

ISC, IFC To Sponsor
Annual Winterlude

Tommy Tucker's Band will pro-
vide the music for this year's Win-
terlude Dance to be held at Shaker
Ridge Country Club January 6, 1956
from 10 pm. to 2 am, announce
Patricia Atwood and Richard Tin-
app, Seniors.

Miss Atwood and Tinapp, Presi-
dents respectively of Inter-Sorority
Council and Inter-Fraternity Coun-
cil, who are jointly sponsoring the
dance. state that bids will be on
sale daily in lower Husted as of
Friday, December 9. from 9 am. to
4 pm. The charge for each couple
is four dollars.

Three o‘clock hours will be extend-
ed for all girls attending Winter-
lude.

11

o ,k’
is.

  

/

\. /
., //’
i.  {f
4 ':;"’L.\~

   

On Trips Home For The Holioays

byGREYHOUND

 

 
   

One Way
SYRACUSE .................................. ..$3.15
I'LA'I‘TSBURGII  4.15
BINGHAMTON  3.50
I'I‘HA(‘A .......... ..  4.50
ROCHESTER   5.10
BUFFALO ................. .. . 6.20
WA’I‘ERTOWN  . 4.40
NEW YORK CITY . 3.70
li’l‘l(‘A ................. .. . 2.40
(‘(\itI.ESKILL  . l.l5
(‘IIEIIRY VALLEY .................. .. 1.45

   

 

One Way
CORTLAND .................................. ..$4.00
BOSTON   4.50
ONEONTA .... .. 2.05
PHILADELPHIA 5.95
WASHINGTON   9.05
OGDENSBURG ........................... .. 5.85
CANTON ........................................ .. 5.90
AUBURN . ,,
MONTREAL ....... .,
NIAGARA FALLS ...................... .. 6.80
I'O'I‘SDAM .. ............... .. 6.15

Plus U. S. ’l‘ax. liig EXTRA Savings EACH WAY on Round-Trips

  
 
  

Greyhound Terminal
350 Broadway

Phone 4-6165

  

 

