...,

What Happened To The (Rules? 

‘   “the. Assembly of January 7,’ Student Associatior'r

passed the revised Campus Commission Rules,
e members of the Commission power to issue we

to‘violators of said rules. Article VI, section 2, Penalties

tutes thelpt‘iblication- ofthe offender’s ‘name in the sch ‘

paper.'Tw.o ubiications of the person’s name in the school

  

 

3
3
5'
o
r-e
3
co
5
3
m
3
o
5
m
5
.53.
9:
‘3:
m
S
ta
m
o
o
5
m
C?

paperconst tutes removal of a selected school activity from; _
h ‘.

eir tax. card.”

Not since these rules were voted on, almost two months
ago, have we received notice from Campus Commission

that anyone has been a three-time offender. In fact, wet mg hand. The friendly way m which our meetings

have heard nothing abdut the rules from anyone. Can it
be possible that these forty-seven regulations, of which
twent are minor andfive major, offenses, are all adhered
to an obeyed by eVeryone all of the time?

In the Commons alone, many rules are. constantly.

violated: coke bottles lie around until some conScientious
person picks them up; there are many more cigarettes and
matches found on the floor than in the ashtrays‘; the ma-
Lority of the mailbox notes are not the correct size, i.e‘. 2”_

y 4"; and where are the decks of cards whiCh are not to

be removed? According to the rules, “smoking is restricted .

to Draper Lounge, the cafeteria, Commons and Page Hall
vestibule,” yet' it is possible to stand in any hall and see

’ people smoking there or carrying a cigarette. The above
rules are just a few of the minor offenses as listed by the
Commission. ' _

The rules are violated, but by whom? Apparently there.

are no offenders, as no names have been reported or pub-
lished. The answer to this lies in the fact that Campus
Commission is not taking advantage of its power to issue
warnings. Whether they are not alert,too apathetic, or
hesitant to give warnings to their friends, we don’t know,
but it is evident they are not fulfilling the responsibilities
of their position. Isn’t there something that can be done
to remedy this situation in the future?

Changes In The Olling . . .

Tentative plans are in progress to have next year’s
Senior, and sorority and fraternity portraits taken for the
1956 Pedagogue this Spring. With the takingof pictures
in the spring of the year previous to the publication of the
yearbook, [proofs would be available before the end of the
semester. This wouldalleviate the rush in the fall, espe-
cially on the photographer and would leave more time-for
unsatisfactory portraits to be retaken.

At present there is much confusionon the part of the
staff as portrait shots, writing copy and captions and dead-
lines all come at once. It takes a great deal of time for the
photographer to take the necessary amount of pictures,
and if they were out of- the way, this time could be used
for other work which must be completed. Another problem
Pedagogue faces is trying to coordinate the publisher and

hotographer as to layouts and deadlines. If the work on
he book was started earlier, as suggested by this plan, the
ublisher, photographer and staff could cooperate more
ully and publish a book in the time presently allotted. We
think this plan will effect more efficient organization and
a better book in the long run.

This suggestion, however, requires full cooperation on
the part of next year’s Senior Class, the sororities, fraterni-
ties and faculty. It will be subject to the approval of the
aforementioned groups before it can be put into effect,
so give it some careful thought and consideration before
yOu express your opinions.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

"TAILIIH ID MAY III.

 

IV TMI CLAII OF 1.1.

migraine csm First Place sop
VQL. XXX)! February 18, 1955 No. 3

l'ﬂe'mbers oi the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from 'I to
ll 91in. at 2-3326, Ext. ll. Phones: Cochrane. 2-7030; Luit 241012; Swierzowski 2-37“;
(to dstein 2-26126; Lackey 3-0277: Moore, 2-3326.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers;
mlts‘nmncvery Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student

0 .

 

i
All!!!" OOCIIRANB - - - - - - - - - Editor-in-Chief
CAROL ANN LUF'I: - - - - - - - - - Managing Editor
ESTRE‘B'OOLDSTEIN - - - - - - - Public Relations Editor
FRANCES MOEAIIAN - - - - - - Business-Advertising Edit-r
NANCY SCHNEIDER - - - - - - - - (lo-Circulation Editor
BARBARA POULSON - — - - - - ~ - (lo-Circulation Editor
RONALD LALKEY - - - - - - - - - Executive Editor
JOANNE MOORE - - - - - - - - - Consultant Editor
MA CIA LAWRENCE - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
IA TIIEW OBTOYICII - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
IlttiAltD BAUER - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
108E?“ BWIEBLOWSKI - - - - - ~ - - -- Sports Editor
ARNOLD NEWMAN - - - - - - - - Junior Sports Editor
DOROTHY BABMUBEEN - - - - - - - Junior Sports Editor

 

JOIN SNAP! - - - o - - - - - Bis" Photographer

All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be sl n d. N

:ﬁiz‘ggrimggm‘n r‘equ‘elst. Tlhe STATE COLLEGE NleE assumes no rcspgnziblllignlal
n s ca name or communicated a

necessarily reflect its views. I' ‘ “on “women. do m"

.. “We”

 

 

‘ erpnasvrv» -

 

  j 'l   

   

 

.i‘

  
  
      

_ I . realize the accomplishments
,  into." 1' another individual while the
‘ 11.1; .3.retitled-eueadershlp. Much is taken
"tedl Business that,does not run smoothly,

 
   

 
  
  
    
 

"unfortunate incidents,are pointed up; and made the

bjﬂejbt‘,prfcriticlsm, while accomplishments pass by

i’unnoticcd

, q diner/er stopped‘ to realize the work, thought and
time. that Chuck "gave for our benefitAWe wonder
now3how many long hours were spent trying to solve
our‘many problems and thinking of ways to improve
cur‘government. In spite of the thundering construc-
tion noise as competition in Student Association meet-
ings and heated debate in Student Council, Chuck
never lost his. ready smile, twinkling eye; or stabiliz-

we‘re candu’cted, setting everyone at ease will be re-
membered and missed. Under Chuck’s giuding hand
a great deal of work has been accomplished.

Our respect also extends to Chuck's istrength in
making a very difficult choice. This was a choice
which had to be carefully weighed, one which meant
affecting the Student Association for a ithort period
or pehaps damaging his own future career, The choice
was a wise. one as were other previous ones by Chuck.
We'll all miss our president and leader. Thanks and
good luck in the future, Chuck.

 

"’14 Money 5m
404 51a???"

By FRANK McEVOY ’57 & MARGE KELLEHER ’56

Last year the transportation line for State College
Athletics amounted to $2,394.00. This was paid to com-
mercial bus lines at a rate of forty-ﬁve cents per mile.
State College Alumni groups in different parts of the
state have repeatedly asked for a vocal group for
entertainment at their meetings. It is impossible for
a choral group from State to appear at meetings of
this sort because of the cost of transportation. When
MAA, WAA,'fraternities, sororities, education and bi-
ology classes, and religious organizations charter buses
for their trips the rate paid is forty-five cents per
mile. Total expenditures become a rather large figure.

Oswego state .Teachers' College purchased from
Student Association funds their first Student Asso-
ciation bus: in .1950. Since then groups of between 15
and 30, acccmpanied by a faculty member, have used
the bus to .the extent of thirty thousand miles. The
vehicle in_ thistime has not needed a single major
repair. The bus is financed on a basis of operational
costs plus .a small payment toward the initial pur-
chase. Thecost for student groups using the bus is
ﬁfteen cents per mile. And rates for drivers are $1.45
per hourg'hrhe drivers, incidentally, are students who
have bee »  by the School's Driver‘Education
Departme ’t.;qriJupsjwishing to use the A bus merely
sign up ,k‘di‘inak'e a money deposit wit the school’s
financial gsecre’tary. These grOups include‘the athletic
squads, musical groups, classes, sororities, fraternities,
religious groups, etc.

The money for the initial purchase of Oswego’s SA
owned bus came from student surplus fund and Fac-
ulty-Student Association.

Plattsburg State Teachers' College purchased their
ﬁrst SA bus is while ago and have recently added an-
other second-hahd vehicle for student association use.

A while ago the matter of an SA bus was brought
up in Student Council. Because of lack of information
the topic could not be adequately discussed. The final
resolution arising frcm the discussion provided that
the group interested plan to get together information
on the operation and purchase of an SA bus for
Albany state and then return to Council.

It seems now as if the procedure to bring a pro-
posal of this sort before Assembly would be to just
air it in entirety before the committee on plans for
spending Surplus, Student Board of Finance, Student
Council and ﬁnally Student Association Assembly.

It appears that budgets will begin in Assembly in
late March. If there is to be anything done on the
matter of an SA vehicle, it must be done before budg-
et time. Before bringing the project before the proper
committees a good deal of information gathering is
still necessary. The interested group has already com-
piled quite a lot of material on the topic and has done
research on the actual purchase of a vehicle.

Since the nature of this article is probably clouded
by now, we shall try to elucidate it. This article is in-
tended to create interest in an SA bus or at least to
make known that there is such a thing. This article is
also a plea for the work of interested persons. The
small group that has done previous work on the topic
is desirous of securing the help of other persons of
this sort in order to complete the prerequisite of
bringing this before SA this year. Anyone interested in
working on this project or desirous of hearing more
about it may do so by contacting the authors.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18

4:00 pm. News Stall Meeting, P.O., Brubacher.

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 19

6:30 pm. IVCF‘ Prayer Meeting, Brubacher.

0:00 pm. State vs. Pratt, Page Hall.

10:00 pm.-

2:00 am. Junior Prcm, Sheraton-Ten E ck .

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 20 y Hem

3:00 pm. Jazz Concert, Spring Street Stampers,
Brubncher Dining Room.

7:30 pm. Charming Club Jazz Concert, Channing
Hall, 406 Washington Ave.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22

10:00 am. Sophomore Class Meeting, Draper ill.
Freshman Class Meeting.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24

7:30 pm. IVCF‘, Brubacher.

'l :30 pm. Newman Club, Newman Hall, 741 Madi-
eon Ave.

By LEIN as MCEVOY

 

REQUIEM . . . .

Now that the smoke has cleared and the dust has
settled, we can look over the freshman class—all
200 Women who are not pledged to sororities. We won't
dwell further on the topic, but it is all too apparent
that there is something amiss in our present sorority
set-up.

ON GUARD . . .

Fraternities! The spotlight shifts to fraternities
now, and, fresh, here is a clasiflication of the people
you are about to meet:

Golden friendship type—this rusher read some place
that in order to make a person like you you must let;
him do something for you. This rusher lets rushee
buy all legal beverages for him, stand in line for him
at the cafeteria and perform various other menial
tasks. He allows rushee to loan him various articles
of clothing such as neckties, sneakers, gym shorts, etc.

Big Wheel type—Pounds rushee on back, shoves
cigarette into his open mouth and oozes personality;
starts running conversation with rushee which is
constantly interrupted to call to people passing by.
Usually arrayed in garment or garments loudly de-
claiming the particular fraternal affiliation of rusher.
Said garments pass on to rushee if pledged. This type
of rusher can be identified by call. He emits a bull-
like “hi men" whenever within 50 feet of prospective
rushees.

Benevolent type—this rusher gives away part-time
jobs, rooms in dormitories, and special privileges. He
constantly emphasizes the benefits of belonging to the
right organization.

Athletic type—muscle bound variety usually found
in the locker room, leaning against lockers, discussing
the potentialities of the Yankees in next season's
pennant race or some other current athletic topic.

Evaluating type—gives rushee feeling that he is
constantly being evaluated. Always looking rushee up
and down and giving him sideward glances.

Lush rusher type—last but not least we have the
Lush Rusher. This rusher is distinguished by his
breath and “pub pot." Confidential type who unbur-
dens to rushee. This type by far is the most hardened
type of rusher since neither rushee or rusher remem-
ber previous night's events.

WRESTLING BECOMES A VARSITY SPORT . . .

ou earned 'our letter yet? There is a new
orgaaiiliezabtyion of iettel‘ winners being formed on cam:
pus. In this form of “college recreation,’ action chow.
and beyond the call of duty is being rewarded. Stit-
dent Union Board will present these valiant studcn s
with one to three letters as symbols of their ach evas-
incnts. We are uniquel We are the only collcglle rn
which you can either flunk or make out of co etc.

RATIONALIZATION . . .

Accordinr to a well informed source it may be—
come necessary for students of State College to hate
their pictures taken in the spring if they expect1 I;
receive their Peel the following year. It seems i; iii
a college this size cannot get suitable service In a
more six months; henceforth we Will need smtccuL.
Wonder what would happen if we had an em 01.Llii.li

housand??? ‘
“£11232;ng Kemtone . . . the murals 0n the walls
of the Snack Bar form a fine base for a coat of paint;
Not to bc uncharitahle but, the difference in tilli.
murals done last year and this is quite llilLlCCiibLt.
All the “designs” should be of equal merit 01 nor
there at all.

QUESTION OF THE WEEK?
"Who has an answer for the question of the week:

 

Twila/zeta Manama .7

w.‘ w».— ..«M- M...-

 

 

 

ﬂier/rouse Meek rare laser A i
 '~ , secga,m-Mcmwwl
g/I  straws a!” ‘

  
  
    

 

    
    
 
 
   
 

 

 

,,j . v“: .. .m. .

E’  .»-.. -....—_..H ur Mulel‘llMOMNu “vim;

 

 t   1  ' : scrum - . ' " Femomrmmf.“ , "wagerengis“,  "    .   réﬁi‘i 

._....... ... ......,, ...... mug»... ,s-........-........,. ....

  "Yeilowliuke,’

 

_ I" Campus Beehivz 

1956 Student Council Members: Joseph Kell , Alan weiner ' ' I - M I ~
Keileher, and Theresa Barber. y ’ "a" mm" “"1"”

Above: Remember back when we were at Fresh
Camp?

Below: Will he hit or miss?

 

Junior Class Ofﬁcers: Vivian Schiro, Carol Hughes. Sigmund Smith. Marjorie Keueher.

 

Junior Prom Queen Candidates: Joyce Tannattu. Theresa
Barber. Carol Wyatt. Gladys Cook. Virginia Doyle.

Moving Up Day: “Where on Where Are the Gay Young Sophomores?"

Amman-n he .. .

 

