 

 

PAGE 8

STATE COLLEGE NB“. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 11. 1955

 

Roomy Repeat»

By DAVID KENDIG

This week, I dropped in at meet-
ings of the Constitutional Review
Committee and the Student Board
of Finance. The former was set up
by Student Council to serve as the
constitutional advisory board for
Student Council. As such, they have
the unenviable task of looking over
and approving, or disapproving, as
the case may be, the Constitutions
of all organizations at the school. It
is to be expected that such a new
group would hardly be a success its
first year, however the committee
seems to be in fine working form,
and is run efficiently, with capable
inquisitive members who seem to
know what is going on. Any group
which is having constitutional diffi-
culties should look to this new group
for help. They are a good addition
to Student Association.

Student Board of Finance, on the
other hand seems to be plodding
along in its usual fashion, with both
too much work and too little power
or interested members. Members
evidently find it difficult to attend
meetings. not on Thursday or Mon-
day night. but anytime. With three
of its members teaching off campus
next semester, an end to the prob-
lem is not in sight. They might
schedule their meetings on Tuesday

Myskie Reports
Week's Offenses

Judy Vimmerstedt '56, Chairman
of Warnings for Myskania, an-
nounces that the following freshmen
have received two warnings from
upperclassmen: Robert Beardsley.
Brenda Buchanan. Paul Erickson,
James Owen, Verity Pulllam, Rob-
ert Tillman, Michael Von Pranken,
Philip Wilcox, Sally Cook. David
Ferris, Mary Fitzpatrick, John La-
Roache, Johanne McCaffrey and
William Mackie. Three warnings:
Gabriella Cogan. Antoinette D'Alfon-
si, Maurice Dicariano, Rosemary
Horselman, Richard Ronconi, Henry
Boehning. Carol Deimarest, and
Kenneth Kadet.

Fourth offense has been given to
Edward Weaver. Rosemarie Pipino
has received her sixth offense, and
an eighth offense has been given to
Sally Storm.

Myskania announces that any
freshman who fails to submit his
apology to the President of SA. at
lacs: 24 hours before the SA. meet-
ing at which he is to give his apolo-
gy, or who fails to appear in Assem-
bly to make his apology, without a
legal excuse, will automatically be
given his fourth warning by Mys—
kania.

Communications . . .

/Conliilil(fd from Page 2, Column 3/

When we put up posters they are us-
ually ignored and eventually torn
down by the "mature" pupils of
State College. We have also remind-
ed ourselves that Campus Commis-
sion is not it janitorial staff as we
pick up a great many coke bottlcs
left around in the Commons We
give out warnings and they are
either laughed at or ignorcd. Al-
though wo do conduct ii try-out sys-
tem each year, this year we got so
few try-outs that we cannot do an
adequate job with the small mim-
bcrs allotted us by the SA. consti-
tiltioii.

Few people realize the const-
qiicnces of the thoiightlcssncss or
uncouth habits; ll bud impression on
outsiders, who visit our college, un-
due wear on furniture which Llh'
students pity for. and generally .i
Very messy school for us to uttcnd.

If anyone has any constructive
criticisms or siiggcstions we Would
be very glad to hear ilu-in, until
then we, as Campus Commission
members, not do but two things. We
can keep on giving warnings thc
eventual outcome for any oi'i‘cndcr
is administrative action or wc cun
lwvu Lll(.‘Sl' rooms closed until they
are more fully iipprccliiicd by HA
Also, the coke and milk llliil'llllllfh
can be removed.

Thank you Very much to kill who
have helped um and your continued
(:(iUlX‘i'litliili will always be uppri-ci-
(turd.

Siiicei'cly,

l'itl Roscoe '5“.
Po]; McNeil] ’58,
Campus Commission Members.

at 10, when presumably no classes
are held (under the present agree-
ment), and the only foreseeable con-
flicts would be class meetings. Stu-
dent Council might be authorized,
on the other hand, to have the pow-
er to add additional members to the
group to replace those off campus,
and to enable the group to meet its
quorum.

There are some bright sides to the
picture. The Board possesses a more
than capable faculty advisor who
has no stated power to cope with
the emergencies, which arise too of-
ten. Many of its members are con-
cerned about finding a new approach
to our budgetary system. Perhaps
the joint meeting Sunday night will
solve the situation. In any event,
students who will be quick to com-
plain if any revolutionary revision
is proposed had better attend a few
Board meetings. They would then
realize that our present system for
handling budgets is outdated and in-
effective, and the main reason that
Student Board of Finance serves
practically no purpose is because if
has practically no power.

 

0' liooi'i'i a Minn Tourrn Co
1

 

       
 

Junior Class Crowns Queen Ai Legislative Body

Marcia Lawrence, Junior Prom Queen,
lnn last Friday.

 

Smoke Tomorrow’s
beﬁer cigarerfe’i

PUT A

§M_L|=_E_ iN YOUR

SMOKING!

Chesterfield

* Made with 4W“

Enjoy a Cool Mildness
never possible before!

 

'Auiumn Leaves' Prom Ceremony Convenes Today
and her Court at the Circle   

There is a legislature meeting this
morning in Draper 349 at 10 am.
The agenda for the meeting includes
a welcome to Inter-Collegiate Asso-
ciation, discussion on the financial
motion delegates, discussion on All
State Day financial motion, debate
on the proposed College Camp, dis-
cussion on the surplus, and apolo-
gies by freshmen who have received
three warnings. If a member of the
newly-formed legislative body of
State has two unexcused absences,
he will be considered for dismissal.

Absentee voting replacements of
representatives from the classes of
1956 and 1958 will be held in lower
Husted, Tuesday, 9 am. to 4 pm,
states Theresa Barber '56, Chairman
of Myskania. Preferential voting for
Campus Queen will also take place
at this time, according to Miss Bar-
ber.

  
     
    

 
 

    

MN" I MVIII 106M“) CO.

   

 

 

 

 

State College News

r,T""“ 'i Tiff



rm. «.4». tori)

 

 

2-460

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 18. 1955

VOL. XL NO. 22

 

Annual Campus Day Ceremonies Conclude Rivalry;

All-State Night Features Square Dance At Brubaclier

Harmony Ranch
Boys Furnish

Dance Music

All State Night will be held to-
night in Brubacher Main Dining
Rom from 8 pm. to 11 p.111. annoucc
Margaret Smith and Frank McEvoy.
Juniors. Co-Chairmen of the event.
A Square Dance will highlight the
affair this year.

Anitti F. Dunn. Siipchisir in the
Milne School. has been the faculty
'lthlSUi' ti All State .Niihi. The fol-
lcw.n; committees have been illi-
nounccd: Entcriiiinmcnt. Moi'ic Car-
bone: Publicity. Robcri Backer: lic-
i'rcsnincnts, Mlll“iiil’(‘l Kiiislci'; Duc-
oratioiis, Barbara Struck. Jun—
iors: liiyiiiiii'ms, qun Hollcnbcck ‘56.

i‘his yczir ill ihc Signor» Dani-c ilic
inii.~ic will bc ])l’rt\l(l('ii by Les Youtt:
and the Harmony Rum-ii Boys For
those pcoplc who wish in rcsi 'oc-
L\‘.'((‘ii scls, oiblcs will bc sci up icr
caiuistzi and bridgc. A i'cutin'c l’l. ilr-
Diiiicc will be cntcrtiiiinncni by >lll-
dents :illfl somc oi the inciiliy.

'lhc piirp.-sc of .‘ill Static Ni.hi i~
io promoic .u-lii-r rcluiions bitwccn
siudcnts and faculty. 'llic admission
is l'i'c' and :ii ihi- doiu-c ihcrt- will
no irtc rcirishmcriis,

All .Siuic Diiy lust _\'t‘lll' ( illllil‘lrl'tl
such i-i'cnis as (.‘hiucsc .‘\il'lliili\.
.mscbiill 'liilllvh‘ bc.wc;*n ftuiili) uiul
.'~'lll(il‘lllS and [rink and iiclci cycios.
'i‘hc procccds iroiii this ci'citi \\l‘l't‘
to go to ihc (‘umpiis Che-st. 'l'hb
ycoi' ilic :iiiniiul (.‘omiiiis litiy hiid in
on sch'uiilc‘i ior itll‘ night. since
llll‘l'l' wus :i shorincc 'il rzpocc on ilu-
l'll"l‘.(llll‘, and sonic pcoplc icli ihii?
llic lJuy's cit-ms wcri- ioo drown out

Class To Present
Readings iTuesday

’i‘hc sci-ond cyciiing oi' Itcudiiigs
from Literature ])l'l'.\i'llii‘il by thc
Class in Oral Illll‘l'lll‘l'ltllliill will
be hi'ld on ’i‘iu'sdny. Noycmbcr 23.
ill 8 pin. in Drillil‘l‘ 34$). tiiiiioiinccs
Miss Agiics l4}. li‘uiicrcr. Proicssor oi
English illictilrci tiiul (lirccior l'or
llll‘ sci'ics.

'l‘hi- sclcciions and their rcudcrs
arc: "The l’uriiishcd ltooin," o short
story by (i. llcm'y. (furl Allcii; u
sclcciion li'oin l.cwis (.‘ui'rolls
“'l‘hrough lhc Looking (.‘Iussﬁ' Ntincy
(iudc; u (llllll rctidiiig oi "l‘lic Wliiic
Cliils‘." u poi-in by Alicc i)lii'l' Milli-r,
l‘liyllis lliird :iiid Murion Slcrn.
Soplu lll.il‘i'.‘s; ii :u-lcuiion ll'iilll ".‘s‘lccp
'l‘ill Noon" by Mux Hliiilmtiii. ll.ii'i'y
(‘ockcr ‘J’iii lilyiirioiic l:~ iiiiiicd io
llllt'lltl

Juniors Plan Orders
For Class Rings Today

.limioi's con oi'ih-r llu'ir rho-s riiivs
ioduy ironi lll out to i pm in ihc
llii'iilill‘ lu-lwccn lliisicd .iiul litu-
pi'r A $fiilt'1ui-ll is li‘tillll'l'tl on tho
l'llii'm.

'I hc Ioiul i-osi ol llil‘ l'lll'fh is Milli-l
ior lll' .'ll'l ' lii liuiui I’lli‘t and $119!)
for llll' mcii's iii kurtii run: This oi»
('llllll'h llli‘ ill‘. l'l‘tll'l'iil 'l‘ii.\’ filli-
dciils muy liuii- ihi'i-c milizils cit
L',l'ii\l’ll oii ihc insidc ol llll' l‘llli' ll.
no cxirti ('l s: l'liz- ‘liulcni‘u ciiiii
itiiiiu- will lli' cii '.l‘ l\('(l Ior $1 '1.)

'liii' slyli' oi llll' l'llll’, will in“ llll'
‘il.Ill(llll(l Sitiool i'iiiii 'l‘liii l)ll‘t'l'.
(‘liisl (‘ompniiy is iiiuici coiiii‘uci Ioi
llll‘ i'lIl;.‘.\

liiiiiis inny lllhii bc ordcrcd iii ll
diilc io bc h'll lllli'l' 'l'hitiiksgnini'

 

Group Houses
Welcome Peds

Van Derzee Hall, Sigma Lambda
Sigma and Potter House are hav-
ing open houses Sunday from 3 to
6 pm. Psi Gamma, Gamma Kappa
Phi and Phi Delta sororities have
scheduled social events for the week.

Van Dei'zce Hall wil have their
open house from 3 to 6 pm. air-
noimccs Archie Wcsimiller '56, Vice
President and General Chairman oi
the event. Samuel Brciincr 56 is
chairman o! ihc refreshment com-
.niiicc.

Slimti Lambda Sigma Fraternity
will opcn the doors of their new
house at 155 South Lake AVL‘lilL'
iroiii 3 to (i p.ii:. also. Stilit's Richard
Vtirslcitc ‘56, President of the fru-
icrniiy. Gciicrul Chairman for the
cpcii house is Miiiiricc Bouvicr.
Chairman of thc invilaiion and pub—
‘iciiy ionimiiiccs are John Gilllflllll‘
.iiid Doliiiltl Butler, Juniors.

Ewiyn Nciiincistcr ‘J6, Presidcntof
PSi Gummzi announces that Joyce
.‘iill '58 was plcdgcd. 'l‘hc Sorority
has also planned ii coli'cc hour with
Alpha Pi Alpha l'riiicrniiy Monday.

(iumnm Kappa Phi i'ormiiily in.ti-
:iiczl Filllif'l‘S (il‘lil‘l '57. Sliiit's June
Whiichiirsi Till. Prcsidcni of thc
sororin

Phi lJcliii sn'oiiiy has h.'lii'illllC(l
l liouliy biiilct suppcr Hdiidtiy iii
013.). \llll('b’ .l"llll i-ltilli'iilu-(‘k 't'ili.
Pl'('>l(ll‘lll of rho si roi'iiy.

Debaters Attend

VermoniTourney

Phyllis l.ycih ‘56. .omomiccs lhui
Slut - (‘ollinzc is schdiiig i'iiilii (ll'liii—
has to ihc Uniycrsiiy ol' Vcrniont
in y II o i llillill licbiiic ’l‘oizi'numcnl
which is hcld in Burlington. Vcr-
‘.liilli l(i(l‘l\' :iiul Stiliirdtiy. ’l'o the
fin —l‘iiilli(l lournuoicni will Ell: Siiiic‘s
Varsity l)l'l)llli' ’lciint consoling ol'
Hli‘llilHI ('lllllii'll '57. and Phyllis
l$i2i1ow ‘fiii. iliirmnliyc: :iiul itmilic
\'ii‘.i'-i iil‘ll Miss l _\cll._ Scioors. iii-:1-
:iiiyi- licprisciiiiitr Sluic m ihc
Noyicc diiision will bc: Muric (hunt
Till, :inil lx’uyc lllll‘l is 'ili, ul'l'irnitilii's;
-ind .s'hirli-y Allci- lid. and Villi‘ii'
(‘ttluo '57.

Alli-oiling ihc illllllllll l‘\i‘lil will in-
nctii'ly lhi'cc hiiiulrcd dcbtiicrs iroin
oyii'sctcniy will"  ond iiniicisiitc.»
in HM“ 19ml. 'l lll' Niiiii'i‘ ll‘l‘lll \\lll lu-
lryinn. Io couul Itisl ycur's ntvuc
ii-uin's liilili'H‘ti‘i'll swccp oi lll“ll' ili'
\isioii. Mr (‘lydc li'ccics. Assislunl
l’i't‘li' soi‘ ol l'll'limll. i) llllll‘ (‘on it
will tlii’iiltlliillli' [lli' ictims

 
 
 
  

‘ y .

' .2,
. ,  .

Weekend chairmen seated above are: Sara Jane Duffy. (‘ampus Day;

Frank Mclivoy and Margaret Smith, (‘o-(‘hairmcn of All-State Night.

Student Council:

Council Discusses Committee Reports,-
SA To Vote Soon For College Camp

By ELIZABETH S’l‘Al’lJﬂ’l‘ON

This week's Council meeting con-
sistcd mainly of committee reports
tiiid uppoinimcnts of new coininit-
ii-c member-s.

Dtivid Kcndig ‘57, moved to :ippro-
priziic $53.05 from surplus for the
iypcivriicr pool and Clydc Payne
moved to appropriate sill) ior Pcd
mailing. Bolli moiions wcrc passed.
A budget was submitted this work
by Siiidcnt Board which shows ll
liuluiicc of $754.36.

choriing i'oi‘ Siiulcnl—Piu-iiliy
(.oiiiiiiiitcc, David Kcndig lllllllilllllf-
ii. that in thcir incciiiig llll\ wcck
improvcmcni of conditions in the
ciii‘cicriii wits ilic main topic o'
discussion,

Vacation Train Fares

Go On Sale Today

'l‘ickcix oi rcdiiccd rtiics for tho
Vill‘:lllilll ’l'ruin io Ncw York (lily
:ii'c now on solo in lowcr lluslcd,
.iimouiu-i-s Piiirichi Nil“ '57. Chunk-
mun oi Vill'lllllill 'l‘i'uins. 'l‘ickcis
:ii'c priccd ill $7.70.

’l'hc Vuz-iilion Train is ihc 1:2l
p.m. Mohawk to Ncw York Ciiy,
Novcmbcr 23. ’liicsduy is ihc lzisi
duy lhtii you mug. piirchusc ll tickci.
Anyone who wishes lo obitiiii this
i'cdiiccd i'uic should slop ill llu-
ii ‘.llll or comm-i Miss litill ill l’u-i'cc
llilll liciliiccd rulcs on llll' Vucu—
lion ’l'riiiii lo iiuliulo will bc un~
iiouiici-d liii|:i\ m A-~scinbly

Editor Seis Deadline For Selections

Of Pedagogue Proofs For ’56 Annual

l)i:.lribiilion:. oi ihc ‘5.) ycuibook~

l’i'ooli. ior l'i'dtigogiic \\ill bc ill)»-
ll‘llillli'il ’liicsiltii‘ ior lhosi- sludi-iiis
who liud ihcii' [lliilii;',l':i]ili‘» lzllit'll
lli ()i'lillil‘l'. illllllililli'i'i (‘.irol Ami
l.llll Till. liidiior-nid‘lih-l Yl'ill‘luiiilh
will bc (ll [I’lllllli'il in Ihc Hittlcni
l'crsotiiicl oliicc illll‘l 'lh.iiili.~i'.it—
nu;

chiors, Ii'ulci'iiiiy uiid sororiiji
inciiiluii's llllil iziciilli iiu'inlii-rs who
haul llicii' picliii'm lulu-ii Iii ()i‘.lil)l‘l'
iiiii:-i sclch llu- prooi lhcy \\l‘ii lo
llll\'l' uppciir m llil‘ ulmtiul ’l‘iicsduy
lioiii tl‘lill um I.) 1 pm lll lll'il|)l'l
it‘oiiiiulu 'l‘lionms Murphy. .i ri-p»
|'i‘:»i‘lllilll\‘i‘ ii'oiii ihc liidwtii'il Viiii—
Iiiic Hlilllllio, will hikc oi'ilci':, oi llu..
lillll' Miss l.ull spi-cilics ihul thi‘
\\lli bi- ilu- only oi'i'dhliili iliui lili‘hi'
iii‘iuilh iniiy bc sclccicd, lI choiccs
iirc iioi mude ’l‘iii-sdiiy. iiic Sliidio
and thc l'cdiigog‘iu- rcsci‘Vc ilic i'ighl
lo sclccl, liic choice of pi'ools

was concliulcil ior iippci'.'l:issiiicii
Aihr llli' 'lhunltsgiving i-i-cc:.:-.
iliosc pci'oiis who did iioi oiiiuiii
ll book during llu- i'cgiilzii' ilislribii-
iion lll.l\ obium onc ill ihc Hillili‘ltl
l’crsoiiiicl oli'ii'c. 'l'iii- Hillill‘lll 'i'.i.\
('lll'ilm must in“ pi'csciiicil til llllrt
lliiu'

()rgunhuiions iioi iindcr ihc HA.
liiidiii-i will lii‘ lilililll‘ll us to pupc
i'uli's. 'llii'y will l)t' i'i'diiii'cil lo Ii:t_\
ihcsc ruin. lty licci-inbi-i' in.

June Wliiicliiirsl "till. \\;i:. cli'i'lid
Public licliiiions l'kllliil‘ :u llic lllhi
boui'd mci-iiiu: oi l'i-iltigoguc.

Mcmlii-rs oi ihc Aiiniitil Hiiiii iirc
illll‘lltllllJ, llic [\Hh'lil'lllll'll (‘ollcgluli-
l’i‘css (‘onici'ciu'c iii l)i'lroil llll»
\ii'clii'iui lii'iii'imi-iiiiiig Hlulc lll'l'
’i‘i‘udy chimiu-r. llcih llccli-r, l)o|'o«
lhy illihllllihhl’ll iiiid Miss i.iili.

Rivalry track and field events
schcduled for this Saturday will be
held indoors due to the muddy con-
dition of Dorm Field. announced
Dick I-iink ‘58.

Mike Miixiai '57, reported that thc
Constiiuiion hview Citriimittec i
currently \i'o king on those organ-
izations which need the most hpr.
At the rust Council meeting two
freshmen and one Senior will be
appointed to the commiitcc.

Fi'icdu Cohen ‘58, was clct'tcd as
ihc Sophomore replacement to the
All (.‘ollcgi- Rcvuc Commilicc.

Brucc King ‘58. moved that voting
on thc Collcgc Ctiinp issiic be held
Dcccmbcr 9 and 12 by biillol llllt‘l'
spcciul hciii'ings huvc been held.

A comiiiittcc was sct up for the
purposc of drawing up scvcinl ncw
incil‘.ods for drafting biidgcis. 'l‘wo
incmbcrs wci'c chosen from Siiidcnt
Council. 'l‘hcrcsu Barber and Mike
Muslim will rcpi'cscnt Siudcnt As-
socmlion. This report will bc siib-
tnillid til ihc ncxi Joint incciing ol
Council and Siiidi-iii lioui'd io bc
hold Thursday nlicr ’ll(’:lliilll.

a:

Perl: To View
Rivalry Skits,
Crown Queen

Frosh-Soph rlv.ilry will conclude
tomorrow with the annual Campus
Day ceremonies The day's activities
begin with track and field events on
Dorm Field in the morning and con-
clude with the presentation of the
rivalry class skits and the rivalry
cup at Page Hall at 7:30 pm, an-
nounces Sara Jane Duffy '57, Uhair~
mun of Campus iiiiy activities.

Track and field events are sched-
ulcd for 10 am. in Page Gym. The
athletic events include the Football
and Softball Throws the 50, 440 and
the 100 yard dashes. The Old Clothes
and Wheelbarrow Races are also in-
cluded. Pour points will be awarded
for these Rivalry events. The Sopho-
ill')l‘C class is now loading the fresh-
incn ciass oy a score of 11 to 9
iftcr \vmning last week‘s pu'ahball
game.

‘l’hc nc.v Campus Queen will be
crowned :it the initiation of the
evening‘s events which will begin at
7:3b pin. in Page Auditorium An—
gela Kavtinaugh ‘55. last year’s Cain-
piis Queen will crown the 1955 Queen
who was selected at the student
polls 'i'ucsdoy. Nominated for the
honorary title are. ’l‘hcrcsa Barber.
Barbara Dui'is, Jtinc Idc, Jane Ann
roman and Carol Wyuii. Seniors.
Mary Jane Fisher ’56 is Chaiirnan
of the coronation committee.

'l‘hc i'i'cshmcii will then present
ihcir rivalry skit which is under the
direction of Paul .Ericson. This skit
will be followcd by the Sophomore
class skit iindci' tlic direction of Sill-
\'ui.orc Ziicciiro, Thrcc points will be
uwurdcd for thc best skit.

liobcrt Btih‘i‘lll' '55. Prcsidcni of
Siiiiciil A~sociuiioii will announce
inc ircshmcii cliiss oi'l’iccrs. This
will be l'ollowcd by the pi'cscntzitioii
of thc Rirulry ()iip lo the yicloi'ious
(lliSS .iy Sigmund Smith '53. (hiiir—
lll’ill oi inc rivalry i-oiiuniiicc.

lll(ll\‘l(l|llll cluss titir'lcs :irc st hcd-
illill to follow the How Hull cci'c—
lili'illl .H

Student-Faculty Meeting Discusses
Student Board Of Finance, Budget

Hiudcni (foiincil iiiul Sliulciii Board
of l'llitilii'1' llll'l jiillilli' Hiiiultiy i'\’('ll~
mi. in ii incciinu. prcsuli-d ovcr by
liohcri liclschu 'oii. l’ri-sulcni oi' Blit-
(ll'lll Ah'wi'ltlllilll. i’i'csciil til llll'
mil-imc wcrc lii' Josuih l‘hiimcy.
l’io.i~ sor oi h'iil'llil Hindus and l"ll‘
illll_\' ('litiii‘iniin oi Siiidcnl lio.ii'd oi
l-iiiuiicc; lir ltiyun li Collins. Prcsi-
ili'lil ol lll.‘ (‘olli ic llllll l)i‘ i)u\'id
Ihii'llcy lll'liil oi .\‘lcn. ‘l'lii- :igi-ndu
.oosisiid o! (IlHi‘llSﬁiIli oi mii-rnuL
iroblcins o1 Hiiidniit H-lllil oi i'i
nuiuc. [illili'i‘l pi'o.cdiirc und llll'
.-ro|)oui‘d iiiii‘i‘liti:~c o1 .i colli‘gc i'tiiliii

.\s :i rcsiili o1 ii ilisi'iisioii uboiil
ilu- iilliolllil oi work ll‘ll til llli' ciul
oi the \c.ir Ior lii' l’liiniu-y Io hut.-
ilin oici Ihi- Mllllllil'l', l)ll\'ltl Kcnili:
If]. lill'liilu‘l‘ ii Hillill‘lll (‘ouncil
inoyi-d llllll hitidcnl (‘ouiicii tind
Fililll‘lll lioiird oi li'intini-i- rccom-
mcnd io ihc Assoiitilioii lhi- iollow-
lIii'. umcndincni lo thc constitution
Aiiu-lc ll. Hl'.'lliill c. No 11' "’l‘o up-
piinl .i ([llillllli‘il i'i-.ii'csi-itiiiii\c lo
:issimic ihc (llilii': oi lhc Hiiulcnl
llouril oi l“l|lillli'l' whilc collcgc is
noi lll ui-ssion" ii'ollowllli: lhis was
.i (llh'i'llﬁ‘diiil on ilu- gcncrtil mukc—up
iiiul composition oi llll‘ Mount in
which it wus pointcd out by Kcndh:
uiul Morloii llcss ':i’l iliiii thc llotird

‘tlliiillil iiu-ludc iwo Sophomorc llll‘ili-
bcrs lii'i'ill'tllll‘l lo the present consti-
itiiioii Ai ,ircsciii ihc Board has
liill_\' ohi' Hii,illiiiiiiii‘l' iiii'nllit'l'.

'l hc hiuliici procciliirc \iiis hushed
oycr by llic gri up :iiid ihc gciicrtii
.onchisuin was, illll'l' miiiiy lll.iLl(illS,
that no onc wuiiicd io cluin.c ilic
prcscii! sy:~iciii. yi'i no oni- ll‘ll lllilt
thc ltl‘l‘iil'lll sysiciii is stilisio.iory,
llui'c.~1i lhii'ocr Hill ~ii1gcslcd ti pluii
.-;intiliii io ilic oiic lliiilzilo Sitilc
cmploys, biii ihc :zroiip did not dis-
i‘ilrF illlS

om. ll'i ihc Ho'ious ~ii;ii',i':'.iiiiiis.iiiil
'iioiioiis 'nuiii- :iiui dcfcti'iid wcrc
llizii Ill lh“ prisciii llll'i't' sir-p sys-
icin wlii-icby liillltll'lH go lrom ilic
liii.il'tl. lo (‘oiincii and then to 8A.,
llli' (‘iililli'll slcp be dropped; the
SA sicp bc droppcd lcuyiiii' (‘.iiii:cil
wiih ihc iiuul authority on do IMH-
till‘fl‘ oi ihc iiulgcls. ‘l‘hcsc wci'c iill
:lcli'ulcd

l\io\.iic on to ll discussion oi the
pi'otiosud i'lllll‘ili‘ ciiiiip ll \i'i..~ iii'i'iiii'd
illlll thc pouch-s ioncci'iiinu (he use
ol llli‘ (‘lllll’l should be dccldcd l)l‘-
ioi'c—hiiiul by u coiniiiilicc or Sili-
dcni (‘oiiiicil or built and prcscntcd
Io ihc Student Association lir up-
proviil

 

