 

 

PACI ‘0“

Debaters To ‘Challenge Dartmouth
On Communist.» China Recognition

Dartmouth College debaters will
meet the State College negative
team of Emilie Vavra and Richard
Clifford, Sophomores, on the diplo-
matic recognition of Communist
China this morning before student
assembly, announces Phyllis Bialow,
Debate Council President. The
Dartmouth debaters meeting State
today were the unbeaten two-man
debate team in the recent tourna-
ment at New ,York University.

State speakers received ‘the 'ma-
jorltyof the laurels at this contest
of the Eastern Forensic Conference
held at NYU last Thursday, Friday

Sororities . . .

Column .5) (Continued from Page 1,

Chi Sigma Theta '

"Chi Sigma Theta’s Buffet theme
will be “Show Boat.” Beatrice Engel-
hardt and Theresa Barber, Juniors,
are Co-Chairmen. Other Chairmen
are: Virginia Mastropietro and
Linda. Sokolowski, Refreshments;
Barbara Maaloe, Entertainment;
Juniors; Sara Jane Duffy, Decora-
tions; Mary‘Furner, Flowers; Soph-
omores. Thomasina Pagan and Eliz-
abeth Kutas, Juniors, are Co-chair-
men of the Formal dinner; the
theme of which is “Chi Sig Castle.”
Carol Hughes '56 and Barbara Fox
’57 are in charge of .Decorations;
Sheila Lister ’57, Programs; Mary
Rita Koniski and Catherine Mc-
Cann, Juniors, Favors and Cater-
ers, respectively;

Psi Gamma .

Psi Gamma‘s Buffet theme will be
“Candyland,” according to Barbara
Cole '55, General Chairman. Com-
mittee chairmen include: Helen Na-
tale ’56, Place Cards; Theresa Kali-
nowski, Decorations: Audrey Briggs,
Arrangements; Joyce Piccard, Fav-
ors; Nora Hanley and Nancy
Hughes, Entertainment; Laura Ma-
resca, Clean up: Sophomores. “A
Colonial Garden" will be feautred
at the Formal dinner. Evelyn Neu-
meister '56 is General Chairman.
Other chairmen are: Barbara Dez-
endorf, Place Cards; Carol Sanders,
Decorations; Miss Neumeister, En-
tertainment; Judy Vimmerstedt,
Clean up; Juniors; Sally Campbell
’57. Menu.

Gamma Kappa Phi

“French Cafe" and “Cinderella
Ball" will be featured at the Buffet
and Formal Dinners. respectively, at
Gamma Kappa Phi. Buffet General
Chairman is Mary Jane Fisher '56.
Others are: Jane Whitehurst, ’56,
Food; Barbara Davis, Arrangements;
Margaret Culligan, Entertainment;
Barbara Hungerford, Favors;; Emily
Vavra. Decorations; Sophomores.
Linda Niles, General chairman of
Formal dinner; Marie Devine. Ar-
rangements; Susan Garrett, Enter-
tainment; Audrey Teal, hor d'ouv-
res; Juniors; Carol Lynes alid aBr-
bara Dypa, Sophomores, Decora-
tions.

Beta Zeta

30.21 Zeta‘s Buffet will be "BZ
Circus"; it‘s Formal. “BZ Heaven".
Committee Chairmen are: Buffet—
Jeanette Katz ‘55, General Chair-
man; Ann Crumllsh, Arrangements;
Patricia Atwood, Entertainment:
Gall Travis. Decorations; Juniors:
Betty Vail Vlack. '57. Refreshments.
Formal r- Julie Ide '56. Geeral Chair-
man: Margaret Coogun, Arrange-
ments; Annlck Loehr. Entertain-
ment, Juniors; Laura Bruno, Dec-
orations; Lucretia D'Andreu, F'nv-
ors: Seniors.

Sigma Phi Sigma

Chairman of Sigma Phi Sigma
Formal Dinner are Judith Vail Gel-
der, Charlene Lolilnder and Eleanor
Bogan, Juniors. Other Committees
include: Judith Wylcn. Decorations;
Joan Scigel, Tables. Juniors; Ada
Elinn, Poems; Joy Harrow, Enter-
tainment; Marcia Meisellnnn, Pro-
grams; Sophomores.

Student Council . . .

IUoilliliuul luml I‘m/I i.('ulnmn 5.

deney of Student Association and
Junior Prom Queen will be taken,
and Election Conlnusslon will intro-
(lille the candidates lill' Student
Bourd oi Finance, twu oi whom will
he i:lL‘(:'.i:(i next Friday. As the As-

sembly will be extremely long, it
will start a little before 10 am.

 

and Saturday. Pearl Szabo ’55 plac-
ed second and Jean Hageny ’56
placed fourth in the field of pro-
gressive discussion competition on
the topic of improving educational
opportunities. Students representing
State College placed second and
third among all of the speakers in
the Congresional Debate on the
Communist China issue and the Ed-
ucational topics. They were respec-
tively, Theresa Barber and Shirley
Allen, Juniors.

Other State College speakers en-
tered in the Forensic event were:
Miss Bialow, Judy Vimmersteadt,
Sondra Schecter and Phyllis Lyeth,
Juniors. The tournament consisted
of about thirty-five colleges with a
total of three hundred speakers.

Cornell debaters will bring two
teams to meet State College next
week. Final arrangements for the
time and place have not been set.
Miss Bialow requests that interested
students and faculty might check
the Debate Council bulletin board
in Richardson for the Cornell debate
announcements.

 

 

arm COLLICI um. saloAv.‘rsanuAnv n. loss

M‘holadu

The water colors and drawings of
Ruth E. Hutchins, Chairman of the
Art Department, were displayed at
the:; Albany Institute of History and
Ar .

Evelyn Robinson, Associate Pro-
fessor of Librarianship, has return—
ed from the American Library As-
sociation meeting held at Chicago.

On January 27-29, in New York
City, the members of the Physics
Department attended a meeting of
the American Association of Physics
Teachers.

Charles Andrews, Professor of
Physics, and Carleton Moose. Super-
visor of Science Teaching in the
Milne School, were present at the
New York State Science Teachers
Association meeting held at Utica.

Edwin Adkins, Director of Edu-
cation, plans to attend a meeting
of the A.A.C.T.E., American Asso-
ciation of Colleges for Teacher Ed-
ucation, during February 24-26.

Edwin Munro, Associate Professor
of Modern Languages, will teach a
workshop in summer school on the
teaching of modern foreign lan-
guages. This workshop, sponsored by
the Education Department, begins
July 18 and ends July 29.

Frank Carrillo, Associate Profes-

sor of Modern Languages, will teach
Spanish 3 during the summer school
session. This will be an accelerated
course with six hours of credit
given.

Anna Love, Associate Professor of
Health has been elected to the exec-
utive committee of the Educational
Administrators and Teachers Sec-
tion of the Capital District Amer-
ican Nurses' Association.

Mary Lynch, former Supervisor of
Mathematics in the Milne School,
has assumed her new duties as Su-
pervisor of Social Studies in Milne.

Elmer Mathews, who has com-
pleted his work at Columbia, is re-
turning to his job in the Placement
Ofﬁce.

The Academic Council approved
the following courses for extension
and summer session: 00190, Insti-
tute for Educational Secretaries, Mr.
Mulkerne; Hy 255, American Social
Thought in the Nineteenth Century,
Mr. Ditzion; Sph 274, Hearing Loss
and Problems of Hearing, Mr. Boom-
slitter; Ed (200 level), Problem of
Reading (extension—Catskill); Co
260, Problems in Advertising, Mr.
Knouse; and Sph 265, Clinical Prac-
tileft in Speech Correction. Mr. Boom-
5 er.

 

 

Greeks Initiate
Members Cl '57,-
Slate Rush Party

Kappa Beta will hold their formal
rush party from 10 pm. to 2 am.
in Brubacher dining room. Phi Del-
ta and Kappa Delta have initiated
new members.

“Mardi Gras" will be the theme
of Kappa Beta’s formal rush party
tonight from 10 pm. to 2 am. in
Bl'ubacher dining room, announces
Richard Tinapp '55, President. Gen-
eral Chairman of the event will be
Raymond Melnarik ‘56. Refresh-
ments will be under the supervision
of Richard Clifford; Decorations.
Dominic D e C e c c o, Sophomores;
Clean-up, Gregory Carrera ‘55;
Chaperones, Lawrence Sull‘ness ’56.
The attire will be informal.

At a recent meeting Phi Delta
initiated Joan VanDusen, Mary
Frenyea, Joan LaColla, Joan Fur—
dyna, Patricia McElroy and Dorothy
Alford, Sophomores. Kappa Delta
has initiated the following mem-
bers: Aim Kinsler, Mary Jane
Meara, Rita Lamboglia, Susan Cun-
ningham, Carol Kinghorn and Mar-
cia Bopp, Sophomores.

 

 

77

CHESTERFIELD "

Wa’ay—

You’ll smile your approval of Chesterfield’s
smoothness — mildness — refreshing taste.

in THE WHOLE me WORLD N0 CIGARETTE 8

You’ll smile your approval of Chesterficld’s
quality — highest quality -- low nicotine.

uoam t u"

 

W LIKE CHESTERFIELD «

op Liccm‘ at Milan: TOBACCO Go

 

 

 

 *

 

ellow * Jackets  “

 

Terminate Weekend

 
  
   

‘.~.' v

Jazz "*-ionc¢": 

  

  
    
   

 

Lula.

 

‘ State Colle

News

 

 

 

 

' The annual Junior Weekend will co '   'witlfjthe'
Class of 1950's Prom tomorrow evening inth‘e' Tennyek'
Ballroom, reports Sigmund Smith, Vic'e‘rPre‘s'ident, cf 
class. Sunday afternoon the Yellowjackets will sponsor
aja’zz cencert in the Brubaeher Dining  E   .

"Heaven Sent," whose title was inspired by the per-.
fume of the same name by Helena Rubenstein,"will com-

" moment 10 pm. All girls attend-
ing will have three o'clock. hours.
Musical background for the Prom
will be provided by Harry Vincent'l
orchestra. ' .

Juniors to Select 

Today in assembly members of
the Junior Class will cast their votes

Will Highlight
  for Queen of the Prom. At midnight
the Queen will be crowned by last

Today in Assembly there will be years monarch, Angela lawman

 

Voting Speeches

 

2.460

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 18'. 1955

elem” and cml’algn speechui '56. The four runners-up will serve

VOL, xxxx NO, '3 There will also be replacement elec- as the Queer“ Com.

tions for the Classes of 1958 and

 

Sororities Pleclge 106 Freshmen;

Religious Clubs

12 Upperclassmen At Ceremonies Plan Meetings

 

The seven sororities of State
pledged 106 freshmen and 12 Soph- garet Paladmo' Gayle Petty. Bev_

omores in led e services and din-
ners Tuesday Evening. The sorori- erly R055. Rosemary Bani/011W“.

ties and their pledges are as follows: Phyllis Satz. F lorine Skuinik. Be“)!
Lee Smith 11 Gr t e

Gamma Kappa Phi: Gail Bedell, f hm A? d 1 de 0: n wgght'
Dennice Bruno, Susan Faille, Bev- ’95 en- 50 De 38 was due.
erly Hillman, Isabelle Hughes, Bar- Anderson '56.
bars Lynch, Marilyn Murphy, Bev- g _
erly Petcoff, Margaret Rochford, Kappa Della- Alfred“ A3981: Pat-
Barbara Stetkar. Ann Vincent, and “Gill DEMON. Margaret Kill-115. LOP-
Lois White, freshmen. June Studley ralne Koslowski, Sybil Meyer, Nancy
and Ann Nemon- sophomoresv were Paglino, Susanne Russell, Ethel
“13° pledged: Shand, Joyce Steckler, Shiela Sulli-

Psi Gamma: Judith Ambrosino. van, and Roberto. McDowell, fresh-
Peggy Carr. Patric“! 001051111“ men. Also pledged was Lillian Fer-
Charlotte Halo), Gretchen Hurd, mm .57
Patricia Kennedy, Joan Kopcza, '
Joan Landry. Barbara MacDonald, Sigma pm Sigma; Arline 131m-
Nancy Mangam: Edith 0W9“. N01“ baum. Rita Cheren, Frieda Cohen,
Windy PlShkOv Mary Ann Scalera» Grace Conrad, Sandra Finder, Rima
Janet Seneb, and Kerry Ann White, Kreisberg. Ellen Lieberman, Lenore
freshmen. Also pledged was Nancy Mower. Jacqueline mom. and Myra
Gade '57~ Sandler, freshmen. Also pledged

Chi Sigma Theta: Mildred Ahlers, we” Ga“ Abrams”, 3”“ Chm-

Paula Seegal Beth Seligman
Aim Bennett, Burnetta Bromfield, man' ' '
Patricia Corcoran, Mary Crawford. and can” Sherman' sophomores‘

Marie Dettmer, Carol Edwards, As- phi Delta; Susan Durlsek’ Gan
suntl Fusco. Mary Ann Gel'ace' Brozman, Dolores Hammond, Ann
Evelyn Klipfel. Eileen Laney, Ruth Hitchcock, Barbara Seller, Jeanette
Larson, Judith Lasher, Marilyn Weinberg, Frances Comesky_ pat-
Leach, Alice Lockwood, Christine mam Gem-mg, Lunan Jewett' Lee
Mellllow, Sheila Monahan, Arlene Hazeltjne’ Sandra Sayer, Sue War-
Murphy. Nancy NeWton. Patric” field, freshmen: and Louise Chris-
Robertson, Martha Ross. Mary tulon '57.

Shelton, and Enid Vigilante, fresh-

Student Christian Association will

57. Attendance will- be taken. Bids are on sale at a special booth
Members of the Junior Class will in lower Hunted at three dollars per

cast their ballots for Junior Prom couple. They will also be sold at the

Queen. The candidates are: ’I'her- door tomorrow night.

esa Barbara, Gladys Cook, Virginia

Doyle, Joyce Tannatta and Carol “Steamers” ‘0 Vi!“ 8‘1“

Wyatt. Sunday afternoon the
Three minutes will be allotted by Street Stompers"

Election Commission to Robert College,

"Spring
from Williams
Williamstown. Massachiii

elect and install new ofﬁcers next

Coan~ '55, who is the candidate for setts, will play Dixieland Jazz in the
week. Inter-Varsity Christian Fel- the replacement President of Stu- Brubaeher Dining Room from 3 to
lowship will continue its weekly dent Association, for a campaign 5 pm. Admission will be fifty cents.
prayer meeting with a short talk speech. Coan's Campaign Manager Tickets are on sale at the Prom
Saturday. Newman club Wm hold a Will be allotted One Minute to Speak booth and will be sold at the door.

meeting Thursday,
Newman Hall.

Nominations closed yesterday for anct member from the Class of 19-

the new President, Vice-President,
Secretary and Treasurer of SCA.
Voting will be all day Monday at
a special table in lower Husted. The
ﬁrst meeting with the new officers
will be Thursday in Brubaeher at
7:30 pm. All interested in attending
SCA installation services should
consult the SCA bulletin board in
lower Draper.

IVCF will hear Reverend Hoelthe
speak on “Separation and Lordship"
in Brubaeher, Thursday at 7:30 pm.
Prayer meetings are held daily at
12 noon. On Monday, Wednesday
and Friday they are held in Room
301; Tuesday and Thursday in Room
300.

Newman Club will hold a regular
meeting Thursday evening at 7:30
pm. at Newman Hall, 741 Madison
Avenue. Benediction, administered
by Father Dineen, Newman's chap-
lain, will precede the meeting. Also,
Newmanites will recite the Rosary
to the Blessed Virgin Mary imme-
diately after the Benediction.

 

men. Also pledged was Doris Sterz-
inar '57.

Beta Zeta: Patricia Adams, Eliza-
beth Badalato, Barbara Barton,

Gala Regalia, Jommed Perisiyles

Shirley Blowers, Mary Bradley, Jac-   S ’- a   

 

 

queline Cantor, Mary llCoslenstlrlllo,

Janice Garatt, Sylvia Ha et, a y .

l-Iarter, Johanna Lecakes. Joan Le- wgloéggz', [33:13: 0w; [illueogbgoﬁ
revel Sum“ Lieberman Mary Jane classic erent—Statgc Fair One has to

" llo Patricia McGrath, Mar- " ‘ '

Mmm‘e ' see the igniting fuse of the whole
- evening, “The Most Unusual Fair,"
to realize that the tenor of every-
AD Class To Prescnt thing does not bear the odor of har-
S dencd manure. Each religious club.
‘ ' frat and sorority will have an able
New Evening er'es delegate in the review, written by
Tryouts for the first set of Ad_ Dick Feldman ’57. Be on the look-
D_ u Class Presentw out for an original song that's been
“mm mm“ CS whipped up for the event, and which
tions for second semester will be had had outside copywrltmg.
held Tuesday and Wednesday be- And after your eager eyes have
tween 4 and 5:30 pm. in Draper 349. “messed this DESSing event and
 Joan Chmme ,56 Pub_ your humble hands have dug out
announw’ ' l” ' aims for the performance, and after
lielty Director. Three Evenings will
be presented this semester. Any stu— I . I
dent may try out for wuss. Primer Schedules
lht fiist evenings presentation Ed’tor’a’  Mae's
will include scenes fiom two scl- M be fthe P lm mu m
lous dramas by Contemporary Play- em "5 0 r ' er 5 
wrights stutc Marilyn Dinurdo '55 h‘w" 1‘ meeting Thumduy- “‘7 7'30
“ml Mum, Dnvme ~56, Directors. pm. in Brubaeher, notifies Bertram
Sackmnn '56, Editor. There will be
'I‘hree scenes, during the second 0 meeting 0f the Stuff chairmen at
evening's presentations will trace 7200 lJJn- below the main meeting-
lyricul drama from Sl'iakespeore to Primer is the literary nnmllli imb-
the present time, and will be direct- llclltloll WilOSG purpose is to encour-
ed by Bin-bum Mmuoe, Sondra age the creative talent of students
Seheeier and Thomas Sinlth, Jun- [Hid l0 issue & DllbllCﬂtion that will
101-5. record the literary and artistic
achievement of State College.

The third and final evening will All members of the student bOdy
conluin three experimental dramas may contribute their literary work
from plays by modern and highly to the publication. Saekman also
imaginative playwrights. The di- states that requirements have been
rectors for the last evening will be modified so that there will be no
Helen Stubbs. Eleanor Goldman and length limitation on any manuscript
Miss Ginsburg, Juniors. submitted.

 

you've fed money to the kitty for
the “hilarious” Staid College Gnus,
and you have plowed through the
unwieldly throng down in the lower
depths—then only will you be ready
to indulge in the abounding festiv-
ities. Ah, then sweet revenge. Take
it out on Myskania by squirting wa-
ter pistols in their intellectual faces,
or by smearing the human organ-
utans in the SL5 Soakathon cage.

Every nook and cranny will har-
bor some phase of human hubbub.
The din from the hawkers (those
from the side shows are those we
have reference tol), and the crowd
itself will provide the atmosphere
for a real gone solree.

And all the time the proceeds
build up, the foreign student from
some exotic land will be that much
closer to the boat that will bring
him over to this Albanian campus!

Without the aid of a summoning
gong, everybobdy will gain saunte
to the upper regions of Page Hall
to rest their wearied bodies and
shout with elation as the “bestest”
of the concessions is announced.
The Faculty Raffle tickets winners
gasp with uninhibited delight as
they walk off with Dior perfume
from Yezzl's or a $26.00 Jacket from
Carmichael's.

Not too long after, silence will be
handed back to Busted and Rich-
ardson and the ghosts of State Fair
will exit. The distraught faces of
kids will enter again Sunday morn,
their job to clean up.

Ah, yes. Theirs In The Glory!

7:30 pm. at

on behalf of the candidate.

There will be Replacement elec- Lid bV 3' ﬁenlm'i James Haynev
tions for a Student Board of Fill- the Stompe" were featured in the

“College Jazz Goes to Carnegie
56 and the Publicity Director of the Han" 00mm during manugivmg
Class of 1957. The Class of .57 Wm vacation. They are also featured on
also elect a Freshman Handbook long playing 001mm“ Records'
Editor. In all cases voting will be

done by the preferential voting sys-  T P I h
tom. 0 

Charts arel posted on the iStudent

Councl Bul etln Board' w th the I B k
Second Semester seating charts. At-    
tendance will be taken in Assem-
bly today. Student Union Board announces
that in recent replacements elections
Alice O'Neil ’55 was elected Chair-
man and Ruth Fairbairn '56 was
elected a Junior member of the
board.

Miss O'Neill reports that the
three-year plan murals in the Union
are now complete. They will wel-
come any criticism pro or con so
that recommendations may be made
for next year. Ping-pong tables and
television chairs have been pur-
chased and should arrive before the
end of the month.

Students are reminded that costs
are not permitted in the lounges:
there are a number of check rooms
available for coats.

Student Union Board in a recent
meeting ruled that amorous mani-.
festationa in the lounges, activity
rooms and television room is pro-.
hibited. Any violators of this rule
will receive a letter from the board
after the first violation.

After three letters are recived the
offender must report to Mrs. Merlin
Hathaway, Director of Brubaeher.
Proper action will be taken.

 

Swing and Sway
" Willi CC.

Dig that crazy music!

Dig through the piles of ci-
garette butts, milk containers,
newspapers, candy wrappers
and sundry other adornments
and swing to the needle-worn
recordings of Glen Miller and
Paul Whiteman in the Common.

The melodic strains may be
heard almost everyday at in-
tervals between 9 a.m. and 3 p.111.
with intermittent cymbal ac-
companiment by falling ash-
trays.

If the deplorable situation
continues, of necessity, the fa-
vorite gathering place will be
closed to mauraders. In the
meantime, if you can find too
room between the decorations,
dancing is allowed.

Perhaps if those with keen
perception can find the lost list
of offenders they'll be awarded
the empty coke bottle.

Student Council:

Council Elects Delegates; Hears
Report, Designates Assembly Seats

At the Wednesday night meeting
of Student Council the group dis- have been approved.
cussed the proposal to have the A new financial policy was pro~
candidate for SA president and his posed by Joseph Kelly '56 which
campaign manager, if he has one, would set the student tax at the
give speeches before Assembly; the definite amount of twenty-one dol-
ring contract, a new financial pol- lars. This would require all organi-
icy, the Better Government Com- zations to submit their budgets at
mittee and the New Types of Gov‘ the same time with a definite limit
ernment Committee and Council expenditure in mind.
also elected the delelgates for the The delegates for the exchange
exchange program with Buffalo program with Buffalo were chosen
State College for Teachers. and alternates named, subject to
Directed by the President, Charles gleanugipigzaéogégeoscm anord'
Beckwlth '55, Student Council de- , . ' .
. The agenda feimulatcd for today s
owed m “HOW “me in “may a As' meetln’ of Student Association will
sembly for Robert Coan '55, the can- E: ,
, include. the intioduction of the
didato fox SA president and his ,
candidates for Junior Prom Queen.
campaign manager to give speeches. 10A 0 o m m 18810 n nommauom
The group “15° defeated a mono" s eeclles of the candidate and cam:
to allow further time in Assembly p213“ manager for SA president.
for a general discussion with Conn. announcements and mplacemem
The proposed ring contract with elections.
Dieges-Clust Company will not be The new assembly seating plan
signed by Evan R. Collins, President was posted Thursday. Attendance
of the College. until actual samples will be taken at today's meeting.

 

 

  

   

