 

l
i
l

 

 

 

 

...a_‘.._..m._4.u.;.r,,:~ m. H a Mr

 

 

 

 

fillies", 
m'rs COLiEGét i‘rw rnr‘wm

I i I

State College Thesire“Diamaiiies "Girls In Unilorln';
All-Girl Cast Highlights Two Night Stand At Page

“Girls in Uniform” by Christa Wilisloe will be presented by the
I I State College Theatre tonight and tomorrow night in Page Hall at 8:30
I I “a

pm. Tickets for the three-act production may be purchased at the booth
in lower Husted or at the door the evenings of the performance. Paul
wbmuummw
ii 9 "£0!
to
ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. MARCH H. 1955 VOL. XXXX NO. 6

ITATI COM-'0' W. 'PRIDAY. MARCH 4. IDS!

PAOI Q.

 ' Fraternities . . . ' ’  ct,
  o . . (Continued from Page 1.001umn6l  2

(Continued from Page 1.0olumn 4) Student COUﬂClI ACCOP“ FlﬂlﬂClGl "13:;m?:p%%€la:$::£zfe?gg;néﬂg Featufe Editof’.
e 0 _ s men .
mm" mm“ mm“ “m” E“ Motion; Approves Constitution mil semis... other”: peter Vetoes Mom"

leston. Ada Elian, Arnold Elman, Friermuth’ Rona“ waste, games
mm mm mm” Fm‘m' Herbert weekl meetin of Student sion on the posibilities of institut- Lorlccmo, David Miner, ynn um, The State Cone” News Board at
Feikuse, Cathleen Fennell, Patricia 03131 was gelled to grder by Rob- ing some types of representative Brent Patten, girth pirahkigh 3135111356 the“. meeting last Friday afternoon
Finger, Jahn Flanagan, mary For. ert Batmha ’66, Vice-Presment 0‘ government at State. nTiLilti‘tilioiil: Oiivlei'): S:57. K Fresh— elected a new member and rescind-
B M ledem pox June Frank. Student Association and President The next toth of mscusshm Gem 9. 1 d I re. Roger Allen ed a motion rm 3 special Issue

man, . er v . promen‘lpore. The exchange dele- tend about the "muons m the com men p elgesd am. hard Barthom: Clifford Davis '57 was nominated
land, Vera Freund. Mary Furriel‘v gates from Buffalo State were in- summon of the Sta“ Cone” New“ Robert a: 3331‘ .131“: Dﬁvm can, and elected to the posmon of Rab
Olina Fusco, Nancy Gade. J. Ruben troduced. Minutes of the previous These revisions were presented by  m Demon whrren Dunham‘ we Editor on the News. Davis Wm
Garcia, Alice Quaquie, Patrlclﬁ meeting were read by the Secretary, Ronald Lackey, Executive Editor and b at F8110 Jimes FltzsimmOHSI serve m ofﬁce until January 1956‘
Gaming, 3‘10an Gigi??? $53171: saw Jane Duffy'rif?’ inddl‘zere ap- Chairman or the Revisions commit' lilies); Flynn. Donald Fowler, W11- in accordance with the revised News
Gngo d, at are 0 . proved as read. e san g com- tee. “am Gropﬂ, Donald Gunnm‘sonv Constitution.

3122. 11:2};an Gaolflgmligeaﬁzr 88%;:- 2151:5531 fzhznihlhei‘; agelpélargs and the The assembly agenda was slated Richard Hmck‘ Robert, K‘opecek‘ The.Bom.d passed thmigh {0 gm
stein Marvin Goldstein. Richard and will be as follows: Inauguration Alan LeFalce, Leo Legault, Narren h motion made by Rolls;11 l  
German Stanley Gorzynski, Helen Student Board of Finance pre- of the newly elected Presldem of Leno, Alan Levine, Carlton Maxsom  Execuhve IEJhOhV vhhmmlthoh
Grant Arlene Green, Wilbur Green. sent-8d a motion: through N3“ M0' student Association, Robert Coan peter McGuli-k, Ronald Pryor, Bur- I move tp “gel; <13) we; ber
David. Greenburg, Carol Greenhill, EVOY '55, that $91.54 be taken from '55; presentation of the eXChange ton Rounds, Robert Schultheis, Paul made byEvclynStut encool:I e News
Tito Guolielmo Diana Gura, Jean surplus for WAA. Thomas Dixon 55 deXegates from the teachers. college Sloand’ Gerald Sullivan, Frank 6' 1954 ' Thek :1: e meg: of ut-
Haoeny = Joseph Hart, Annenese moved that the Council accept the at Buffalo; 8. choral interlude by Swiskey, Thomas Watthews, Robert would undelfa e eepisgue forpthe
Halitnagel. Morton Hess, Richard request which it did. the Statesmen. directed by Karl A. Youmans, John Young, and Thomas tlélgligiustm‘gtiohlul954—55 for the
HmCR- Manfmd Hocmumi Mar' The Freshman Handbook Staff B. Peterson, Associate Professor of Hareslgn. a. informing prospective 2.460

' M 8- Al ha Pi Alpha pledged Glen purpose of . _
garet Hadges' Helen Hormann' Rita reported that comm“ aid and give Mus”, :galladiemiri‘taugliesctlhﬁ Tllivil Kroglch ’56, Howard Zimmer, Wil- freshmen of the Virtues of State

Hoofkam , Erwin Hor- im rovement of kania , . i - . : ‘ ‘
gayebglﬁd How”; Mrs' Diane :Rglggﬁbiiilitfciilﬁ'ishe slew Types of financial motons concerning WAA lam Savage, Joseph Culley,S thhn  hhﬁlriihellilcém‘eligty gem:
Hughes. MichaEI Humphrey. Phyllis Government Commttee, under the and the News will be voted on and Chipari‘i. and Flankingl Blesi.W‘dlllia?n Séqtemen-t- of the News Board. but
Hui-’11, Carol] Hutt. and Evelyn Jess- chairmanship of Bruce King .56_ a Dam motion will be presented. mores; Donald Bin rm. 1 i

emer' resented a report on the results
gf their plans. King led the discus- reading of the announcements.

Student Council:

 

Bruce Pettit, Associate Professor of English, is directing the "Girls."

The all girl cast features: Fraulein von Nordeck, Headmistress, Vera
Freund; Excellency von Ehrenhardt, Adriana Bosna; Countess Kenitz,
Marion Stern; Sophomores; and Grand-Dutchess-Patroness of the School,
Marilyn Leach ’58. The Mistresses are: Fraulein von Bernburg, Jean
Shaw; Fraulein von Gaerschner, Margaret Coogan; Fraulein von Kesten.
Eleanor Goldman; Miss Gibson, Helen stubbs; Fraulein von Atams, Janet
Egnor; Juniors; and Mlle. Aylaret, Jean Morris '55.

The Pupils include: Lilli, Judy Vimmersteadt; Oda, Frances Mona-
han; Edelgard, Barbara Maaloe; Anneliese, Roberta Stein; Juniors;
Manuela, Paula Segal; Marga. Dorothy Alford; Ilse, Margaret Culligan;
Trieschke, Janet Champagne; Paula, Nancy Gade; Jose, Carole Allen;
Maria, Nancy Schneider; Grete, Grace Mueller; Sophomores; and Mia,
Joyce Meyermann '58.

Other roles are: Frau Alden, Dancing Mistress, Sclidra Schechter:
Frau Lehmann Portress, Virginia Van Orden;Martha, Sewing Woman,
Maxine Adner; Juniors; Nanni, Nurse. Marcia Meiselman '57 and
Johanna, Sandra Faye '58.

Staging for the presentation is under the direction of Charles Crow-
der '57. His committee are: Richard Tinapp, Misses Egnor and Mona.-
han; Juniors; Patricia Hall, John Reiners. Harry Roberts, Leonore
Hughes and Miss Alford; Sophomores. Misses Goldman and Bosna will

lSC To Revise Election SYstems; Religious Clubs gist...s.rsas regressions:
Sororities Will Auction Pledges Sponsor Specrol

the help of Richard libidman ’57.
Inter-Sorority Council is working set-up. Under this system the pres- L E
on plans to revise the present sys- idcilt and other officers of the ill-   

   

 

 

‘ " ' - f the administration through the
i will close with the Plimley, Robert Leilmoe. aui Dani o I
The assemb y mer and Dean Cunningham.

Board to the prospective freshmen.
(Continued on Page 8, Column 4)

Also, Murray Johnson, Kathng
Johnston, Anne Kammer, 0 er —
Kael, Barbara Keil, Raymond Kelly,

Patricia Kennedy, Margaret Kinsler.
Nancy Kittlaus. Sophie Kosek, Wil-
liam La Barr, Charles La Fontaine
Rta Lamboglia, Eleanor Landrio.
MaryLePree, Walter Lawder, Mar-
cia Lawrence, Marilyn Leach. Susan
Leiter, Nancy Lighthall, James
Lockhart, Jane Loman, Margaret
Lord. Cynthia MacKeen, Ann Marl
Laetil, Maher, Mrs. Grace Man-
ne, Laura Maresca, Delores Mar-
iana, Bruce Marsh, Caiton Maxson
Gerald McDonald, Carol McDuffee.
Nan McEvoy, Ellen McLaughlin.
Mary Meiser. Frank Merlin. Jeanne
Merritt, Ella Mielty, Dorothea Mil-
ler. John Miller, John Minon, Joan
Mitchell. Francis Monahan. Viola
Moody. Joan Mooney, Barbara
Moore. Thomas A. Mullen. Teresa
Murphy. Thaisa Nelson, Evelyn Neu-
meister, Arnold Newman, Virginia
Norman, Gene Norris, Doris Olech-
na. Alice O'Neill, Virgnia Oslund
Gordon Ostrander, ’I‘homaslna Pa-
gan, Nancy Paglino, Mrs. Jeanne
Parr, Dolores Peck. Anne PerSico.
Robert Pfciffer, Richard Powell, Do-
lores Price. Luella Ptaoek, Custer
Quick, Phyllis Razansky, Ann Rear-
don. Willard Deita. Joan Rendert,
Mary Riccardi, Donald Rice, Carole
Rising. Malcolm Rogers, Barbara
Rorher, Eleanor Roney, Mary
Rooney. Roberta Rosenblaum, Elaine
Ruffles, Robert Sage, Sandra Sage,
Myra Sandler. Jean Sayles, Dorothy
Schatz. Sondra Schecter. Vivian
Schlro, Gilbert Schloss, Nancy
Schneider, Valerie Schneider, Lucille
Schneider. Joyce Schueler, Joan
Schultz. Richard Schwab. Marjorie
Schwartz. Cathei Scoviile, Paula Se-
gal, Elissa Seligman, George San-
genberger. Conrad Sernlak, Selene
Shair, Frances Shair, Jean Shaw,
William Shipengrover. Carmita Sla-
ba. Myrna Siezel. Benny Sillio. Fred
Silva, Gino Silvestri, Florinc Skut-
liik, Jane Slezak. Margaret Smith,
Sigmund Smith. Thomas Henry
Smith, Ray Snider. Lorraine Speng-
ler, Sheila Stanger. Edna Stalldley,
David Stark, Edgar Steele, Elizabeth
Stelfeld, Alan Stephenson. Robert
Stimson, Carolmae Stosbcrg, Doro-
thy Studley, Helen Stubbs, William
Swanson, Pearl Saabo. Robert Tal-
ham. Barbara Tanney, Josephine
Testn. Ann Tobey and Joyce Tuccr

Also. Phyllis Vlldlley. William
Vanderlip. Harry Van Dyck. Virginia
Van Order, Evangelia Vergcli, Anne
Vigilante, Ann Vincent. Carmelo
Virgilio, Lorraine Vocpel, Elizabeth
Von Felbert. George Voris. Doris
Vradenburg, Whitson Walter, Nellie
Warnock, Virginia Watts. Everett
Wclcrmiller. Robert Weir. Marilyn
Werbalowsky, Alma Wheeler. Carol
White. Jane Whitehurst, Nancy
Whitcnnck. Robert Wigglll. John
Wilcox, Hamill Wifcrt. Margaret
Williams. Charles Willscy, C. Cyll.
thia Wilson. Janice Wing. Marilyn
Wittschner. Robert Woodrow, and
Dukelie Zcrvas.

 

 

      

T  ;  D . 
Janet Blair, Actress: "l have the fullest couli-
deuce in LsM‘s Miracle Tip . . .illld LaMs taste
so good, i made them my regular cigarette."

  
  

 

John Robert Powers, Crculor of the Powers
Girls: "l think LalM's filler is far superior lo
the where. Crclii sniokc .wondcrful lluvor."

 

4 ‘
l’airicia Morison, Musical Comedy Slur: "I
love LdM Fillers. chcr drcaliicd u lilicr ciga-
rette could ﬁller so thoroughly, yci taste so good!"

 

 

Rice Bldg.
Fine Dry Cleaning
Tel. ez-lllsz

 

208 Qull 8!.

America’s Best Filter Cigarette!

 

(rigid/l“ 011/ FROM All THE REST!

curly, lets you enjoy all the taste.

STANDS OUT FOR lili‘li‘litl'l‘lVl'I li'll.'l‘R.-\'l‘l()N. No iilicr collipurcs
with LalM‘s Miracle Tip for quality or ClTL‘CllV'tHN‘HH.

STANDS OUT FOR llltilll‘IS'l‘ QUALITY 'l‘OllAtICOS, low liicoiinc
iobnccon, Lilli“ lDlliICCOihnlliglll ullil Mild.

MUCH MORE FLAVOR _ Mlltlll LESS NICO’I‘INE

 

 

if. [mom 6i Mini Team.

 

 

tool of sorority elections: ilicy have dividuiil sororities would serve from
sct plans for Help chk and are llic sccoiid semester of their Junior
sponsoring llll auction for thc Polio your through the first semester of
Benefit. TWo sororities iini'c rclcils- llicil' Senior year.
ed the names of new .picdgcs. states The Help Week plans dctcrniilied
Patricia Finger ‘55, Prcsidclii. of by ISO include projects for fresh-
isc_ mun plcdges at the Clinton Square
Pending approval of all ilic chcli Ncigllboi'liood House and the Al—
sororitics and final approval of the bully Honlc for Children and work
administration, 180 will change the for the Red Cross. Help chk will
present procedure for clcciilig soror- bc the last week ill March. Formal

ity officers. The present systclii oi inilinlion of pledges will be April
May to May term of office will bc 3. 1955.

forthcoming professional scllicsicl‘. bcing auctioned off this week lilid
ill which Seniors will bc icuchilig‘ licxi Monday. Tuesday and Wed-

One plan discussed at the last will be waitresses ill the men's

meeting of 180 would cliilngc llll‘ dormitory of the highcst bidder.
lo the Polio Fund.

 F   Friday. Sigma Phi Sigma will
dny. Psi Gamma: Tucsdliy. Phi Del-

1   P F. in; and Wednesday. Chi Sigma Tile-

I _ ro It in.

The Chairman of Staic Fair. “W” Mlmdﬂy evening- Tllel' “1'93
Mary Julie Fisher '56. announces HMO“ Bum“? DUWUU‘ El‘dlt‘l'. EVE-
;iiid iigsl'cgiitcd the most moncy ill Elmlbl‘ill Rum“. according to lgsl‘
mis yen” Fair. Komullowski '55. President.
most wcrc: Hilltop Housc‘s "Horror l)l“(llw'i‘ll C100 Mlllllllilll '57. In the
Show.- m.“ with $39.33 Wm“. Sig_ l'cpiilccnicllt clccilolis Monday evc-
clinic ill second with $36.53. and Chi'l’lm” ,
sigma Pm Sign.” (.mmw Shh. “hm (iiillilllil Kappa Plll plcdgcd Edna

The Faculty Rni‘flc brought ill Ml“ Film“? PI'CSidm‘t»
$367.31, and tlic Studcnl. Collllcil

altered to meet the demands of ilic Two lllclnbel's of each sorority are

oi'f—ciiliipus part of ii sclllcstcr. ncsdlly in the cafeteria. These girls

system to a February to February Proceeds of the auctions will go

auction two of their members. Mon-

Kiippii Dcltli pledged fivc fresh-

il'lc concessions which won prizes ’5'“ Mlllldl‘. Mill‘y PlCClﬂllilo and

Concessions whim (.lmrm “1,. Sunday afternoon Psi Gamma

ma Lambda Sig‘lnil‘s "Soiik-ll—lhon“ illllg Sophic Kosek ‘55. was elected

third with $32.40 chcl' '58. Monday cvclling. i‘cports
Ruffle clcill'cd $54.97.

Student Christian Association is
holding a series of Lenten Chapel
services Tuesday and Lenten Dis-
cussion. Wednesday. Canterbury
Club is slnting ii corporate commu-
liioll breakfast. and meeting for
Thursday. An area rally will be held
at Bruoacher tomorrow evening
sponsored by Inter-Varsity Chris-
tian Fellowship Association.

SCA will hold li series of Lenten
Cllilpcl scrviccs. beginning Tues-
diiy zit 4 pm. ill the Unitarian
Church. on the corner of Washing-
ton and Robin. Studclits are also
ilivitcd, stlitcs Elaine Swnrtllout '56.
President. to the liollic of Dr. Frail-
cos E. Colby. Associliic Professor of
English, SCA's lidvisoi', for Lenten
discussions, Wednesday at 6 pm.
Students \vllo wish to attend these
discussions are requested to sign a
list on the SCA bullet-in board by
Tuesday afternoon.

The spring conference of the
Student Christian Movement of . . .
New York State will be held March C l D P  L '

18-20 at Union College. Schenectady.    e 
The conference thcllie, "How to I

Miikc the Bible Meaningful" will F A  P B d

be opened by Professor Krister Stell-  s ’ e m I e  a s s e s u 
(iclll of Harvard Divinity School.

Al the Canterbury Club meeting
next Thursday a panel discussion
will evolve around the topic. “Sci-

 

Rehearsal scene from State College Theatre Production being staged
tonight and tomorrow night in Page.

By MARCIA LAWRENCE

The new President of Student -liull—iypc of ASscmbly liicctiilg' aft-
, ,3 ,. .n,. .. .. l..), Council Association. Robert Conn er Page has been closed ill two
   '55. culled to order the Wednesday weeks. Ill Council. the executive
hm. Specifies William Small. 'Pms_ night meeting of Student Council. body voted to give preference to the
(C I. d P Eighteen out of twenty members iilldliorililii of Albany High School
‘ ’0" """C 0” age 6’ 001mm”) were present for the entire meeting. for a meeting place for the Assem-
Tlle meeting centered about the bly after Page Auditorium closes,

‘ _ ‘H . ‘ i _,  . _ ' main topics of: the place of asscm- giving second choice to the smaller
Tl“ D‘NN‘” 1‘” U“ "MM-‘1 "1‘"       blies after March 25, Better Gov- Draper 349.

grain. scililig all 25c uplccc during
the week preceding the cvclli. llci-

crllliicllt Revision Committee, the A short discussion was held on

i _ .. . . , u ._ I ‘_ N ' H I SMILES constitution, Student-Fan the proposed types of government.
till it l)lllllll ol $bl-00i Us -l Mlibl   0y,  ulty relations, Student Council It is Council‘s plan to select one

Unusual Fliil'.“ the opening show
pl'cscllicll by Hillcl. which \\‘:i.\' \l'l‘ll- Jllsi :l .rcck bcfol‘c vucniloil cvcl'y-
[co and (lirccicd by Richard li‘cld- (mo in the college will have ll
mnn '57, mndc n profit of $116.15. chuncc lo vicw various and sundry
Prizes worl‘ uiVl‘n. :il lllt‘ Will in iiilclli ill tlic panoramic All—Collcgc
Gamma Kilppil Phi lol‘ llii‘ licsl Ri‘l'lll‘ production which. according
show. ﬁnd to Picl'cc Hall for iiic lo lnlcsi word. pl'olliiscs to cclipsc
bcsi concession. Picl'cc. which had zlilyilnllo‘ Cucil B, DoMillp own
u hot dog and cokc slimil. lliul llic lll'l‘illili'il of doing. Olhcrs claim that
most. gross profit. it “ill bc "Cilicliiuscopc icss ilic
’l'hc toini profit of $l.lllilii:l will scl'ccll.”
ii“ “i ill“ FUWlF’” Slum'm Mm“ ’i‘lu-sc [il'i‘\’lt‘\\'.\ sci-ins to clinch
illc success of tho show. Joycc

Fresh c.mp Committee Silciioll ‘56, llll(l Jillill'h Lockliul't '57,
llilii‘ lnoldcd Llic skcicton oi ilic
' ' l‘cvu‘, 'l'lli - -  i-_ n h .
P'cks New Dlrectors \ i i to wiltil» lillii (.llltCl
Elulllc Swill'iollt illlll Hilliluci -
Kl‘cllllluli. Jillllol's. liilvc llccli M‘ll‘i'l- Dean sets Deadline
('(l us l)ll‘cciol‘s of l"l'i‘.\llillilll (‘nllip

for Woliicn illld Mcn. l'cspccilycly. FOI'DI'OpplngCOurseS

l’cpol‘is l)lllol'cs Molliililillllo iillil ‘ .
“Hm.” Shmh 5mm“. hm Him-S Sluoclllsnl'cl'cnillidcdthui Mlll'cli

Hm”, dmﬂum ‘Jl. Monday. is the lust duy oil which

.’\.\'.\i:llll‘.i Miss Swui'ioul \\lll bc ” ("Hill-W llllll' lll‘ lll'llllllt‘tl “'llllUlll ii
.lilili' Allll liillilllll 'nii, Asslslillli l)l- l“'””“."- lll’lllll‘ﬁ ()Sl'ill' E. liilllllll‘il,
l‘cc'ol'. llul'llul'.l llillllzcl'fol‘d. Sccrc— Um“ “l llll' Clllli‘l—it“

llil'\‘, llllil Hill'u .1. Holly, 'l‘l‘czlsllrcl'. Hillili‘illﬁ dropping a colll’sc oil. or
Sopliclllol'cs. lli'liii'i‘ March 21, will bc ul'udcd

'l‘in- ussisiullis :li Mcli's l"l'l'i'illlil;ill "W" 'l‘llosc who drop n colll'sc liitcl'
(‘llllip will ilc unlloullccd Ill iodny's ilils dulc will bc gl'udcd "E". with
Assi-nlbiy. ulid llic lllll‘l‘\'li‘\\'>. ior illc ,oiloulliu cxccpiiolis: silldcnis
pl'ilspcciiyc colillsclol's ill'i‘ io lii‘ cs— \\llli (llll'lllll ll sclllcslci' lll'i‘ ul‘ililicd
illbilslicd soon. :1 ion: ~oi-ullsclicc ol' iioliorilhlc dis~

Mcl.‘s (‘uliip is sluicd lo l)l‘ lli‘lil llllh~iil li'iilll collcgc will be grillicd (
iilllllshcd two years ago

ill. i‘iilnp i)rlllscilwu-Solililk\\n. lllusi "W" lllill siudcllis advised by ilic
llcl'llc, Ncw York. 'l‘iic loclllloll ior Slum-ill l'cl'solillcl (ii'ilcc io i'cdllcc
Wollllll's (.‘.illlp is still lllli-cl'inlli llll‘l:‘ iii» loud \\'lll bc gl‘llllcd "W"

...
LI

\Vill cccnmcncc to hit the market on E f P ’-

Monduy. A booth ili lower Hustcd    y

will handle the ill-flow of money. Smiles will hum a l-ecelmon for
Wllclhcr olic lilis olic. or ii hundred up“! members Tummy. 7530 mm m dommhh $39 97

and olic Studclli ldcliiiiiclitioli 9 pm. m Brubuchm-vs Upper mehu The revmch SMILES constitution

Cards, .idlliissloii will .‘illi bi . ’ l u . - .. . .. . -
hmdh ‘ L $70 1 llii, puiposls, lllL l)llSL ilLL()iii])llsll- mm presumpd by Dmrld Kmdlg '57.

Budget, the proposed Rifle Club of the six pllills drawn up by the
and the formulation of today's As- New Types of Government Commit-
tee licudcd by Bruce King ‘56, Couli-

tllc skit, “Huppyiown. USA."
Intcrwovcn throughout is ll nclit sembly “gamm-

systclll of plots and countcl‘plois. AL “ spew” meeting Monduy C” (“cussed “‘8 “0W legismuv“
The“. “,1” he immortal scenes or night, of sulde Council members, pllilis which include ii representative

mnnnnic intrigue in iiiippytown. Mysknnlu. New Types of Govm'n- WW i“ be composed of 60 mem-
llli‘i'i‘ will be dancingr sequences and “1‘31” committee and Better Tl'l’es be” 0”“ pm“ calls for these men“

silli—ilili’. scquenccs lll Hubbytowui-— 01. UOV'L‘l‘lllllUllt Committee, the hers to be selected by classes. illi-
umll “ML Huppyum-n Wm jug-L be group dccidcd to continue the town other Hills for representation by
jumping and living all over the
piilcc (‘ilillL' Saturday night. March

orgnliimiiolis, illid another calls for
it mixlul‘c of the two factions.
Mary Julie Fisher '56. Chairman
of State Fair, reported that the net
profit from the Fair was $l.00-i.93.
Tllc iiiculiy innde tllc most money
for ilic fund. $367. Hilltop clenrcd
lnorc iliilll any student organization.

[Smiles’ Plans

’l‘lciicls for tlic gl'ulidiosc ili'fiilr

liilviiih. the present. lllld the future and was passed unanimously by
And wlicll i.llc Plcd Plpl-l‘ sounds Will lii'clISt'118si'rl with u special 0111- Council. The newly formed Riflc

his inn-n. his i'oliowcl's will come in lilmsc: on looking ahead in new Club also prcsclitcd illcll' constitu-
(ll‘ll\'l‘.\ lliili Silllli‘llil.\' night. Boosi- areas of work. The reception Wlll lion |.ul it was decided that the or-
cl's oi ilic Rcvuc liopc ililii tlicrc ciosc with l'i‘ll'CSlllllOllLS. Tlic 1'0- giililmllioli should be contained iii
woli'l in ii progrlilil us Silitcsllicn ccpiioli collimiticc consists of: Ili- mo “summon Ur Mum's Intru—
scl'lililblc for ilic lllil'cscl'vcd seals. i'ihlilolls. Jouli Honinll; Publicity. min-“1 Amnle fumuinv MAA‘
Sumc boosicl's ulilioullcc that more John Rt‘llli'l'h‘; Rcfrcslilllelits. Mary A lcporl was made i'l‘olii llic Stu.
will lil‘ ililillsll lliil'hl‘lllill’ 0" Sl-lliit‘ Killslllt Solilmliiorcs. iilid Decol'u- liclil Fllculli' Collilnitlcc which sini-
llficl' clll'illillillllc. ulid ililii wildness lions, Cnrol Solidi-rs, '56. .
on ilic ])ill'l of illc lllllliclicc will Hot All lii\'llilililllh‘ is extclidcd by Exchuligc progrlilii.

bc lilli‘l’uli‘il. l-Tlllilic Swiil'loui '56, President, for 'l‘ornly's ASM‘lllbly ligclidli us for-

cd llilll ihc i'llculiy approvcd of tin-

Allylhlng ihc All—(‘ollcgc Rcyuc uliyolic lliicrcslcli ill working lit the mutual by Ami Vigilliliic  sililids

H(‘l,,\ owr $351) will go lllio an All- Albuliy lloiuc or Clinton Squul‘c us follows: il motion from \VAA lilld
lolliigc licvuc Fund which wus cs— Neighborhood House to attend lllll' olic il‘olii Pl'llncl'. u l‘cport from the

lncclllig, Sliillcs is also pillllliillg iill Bl‘lli‘l' Goi'cl'nniclu Coliiliiiiicc by
So buy up illc iickcls illld kick it liliislcl' Pul‘iy lli lilo Albuliy Home. 'l‘iloliilis Dixon  Chairman of the

wily ovcr the $350, in ordcl' that A liciilillc lilllc and plans for [his Colilllillicc, u \‘kll from the All Col-

l.iisi Valli it was iicid at Camp Vull l'l‘.:lil'l:ilis.~. oi iiic date of tllcll' wiLli- illiul'c productions can be done in illll‘l)’ “'lll Dl‘ (“mil-550d ill “10 l‘t‘t‘cll- 1089 Rl‘l'llc Ciilllliilliec lllld lili-

Sclloolilillrcn, ‘i‘roy. ill'l|\\':ll ll'llili tho course.

Cillcrlulllil

lion. siliics Miss Swurtout. lloulicclllcliis.

 

