 

     

PAGE 2

Follow The Leaders . . .

The News wishes to call the attention of
every organization that is facing problems
of leadership and apathy; every class that
is trying to find unity; and every member
of Student Association who believes that
spirit and constructive action are results
of a past era at State College, to the work
accomplished by the Junior class this year.

Among other things, they have origin-
ated a Junior Weekend, plans for a re-
vamped banquet, and a completely new and
different Junior Prom. They are probably
the only class in State College history to
be chided by Myskania because they want-
ed to do too much. The officers inform us
that these new activities and events have
been planned, as any new activity and
event is planned, primarily to create class
spirit and unity. Their success can be meas-
ured by the response from the class. To
date, class meetings have actually been
crowded; the class as a whole, not just
certain individuals or factions, is working
on Junior projects, and last week, an al-
most unheard of event took place. The class
voted unanimously to commend their lead-
ers for the excellent job they were doing.

It is a remarkable record for two rea-
sons. The annual “Junior Slump” has been
as much of a tradition here as the Rivalry
Sing. And this particular class of ’57 al-
.‘ most faded from existence in its Sopho-
 more year, due to a supposed “lack of in-
? terest.” The rebirth and success of the J un-

ior class should explode the commonly ac-
cepted myth that there is in all parts of
State College student life, “lack of inter-
est.” We believe that spirit and interest will
always arise under capable, enthusiastic
leadership. The Junior class is fortunate
in having such leadership, and we com-
mend the leaders, and the class as a whole,
for the excellent work they have done this
ear.
y Tonight, not just the Juniors, but the
entire school will have the chance to jour-
ney a short distance to the Circle Inn. The
News advises that if you have not already
done so, that you dust off your formal, or
semi-formal attire and plan to attend. In
addition to seeing the Junior class in ac-
tion, you will probably have the most en-
joyable evening you have had here at State
College, in a long, long time. ——D.T.K.

7/ze 7mm Slump

By CHARLES BECKWI'I‘H '55
Days are long, boring;
Nights are longer. sleepless.
There is nothing to be

scoff. felt or heard;
Life is a complete void,
a vacuum.
Then. suddenly. you realize
that
Nothing is wrong;
It's jtist another slump!

Progress

 

effect, would

News, Primer

reception and

This would

in Page Hall.

able job and

ening to the
overcrowding,

Since time immemorial a problem has and will face tad iiiflnltumi
the species commonly called Mali. This problem has been given the
name of the “slump.” and is defined by Webster as  . . a marked de-
cline or falling off, as in attention. interest. activity . .  Often used
by us procrastinators as a seemingly legitimate excuse for neglecting
duties, the slump creeps periodically into the lives of most college stu-
dents. There are the freshman slump. the Sophomore slump. the Junior
and Senior slumps. and flu and behold!) I recently discovered that
there is the graduate slump. a slump which out-slumps all other slumps.
I am convinced that. the slump was conceived at Albany State, but
if I am wrong, who will dare deny that it has found a permanent resi—
dence here? Prosh fall into this lethargic state when their lust for home
overcomes their sense of duty and their allegiance to Alma Mater;
Sophomores have usually forgotten about home, and are still too un-
settled even to consider allegiance. Rivalry no longer has quite the same
delicious flavor it had last year. So. look out Mr. Slump! Here come
the Sophs!
Juniors are ectnpletely lost . . no home and no liivalry tthat \voii-
derful tool used for unification and making new friends"). Having been
given the task of searching for something new . . . the acquisition of
the "professional attitude" tan itlIftlldt', by the way, which can be found
only with a considerable degree of (Ilillt'tllll'l. the Juniors find them-
selves quite frustrated and are easily trapped in that web of lassiiiidc.
the slump.
Practice teaching divorces Seniors from State; the Seniors much
prefer grading test papers and attending teaching conferences to former
college routine. As soon as his class fails to grasp a point upon which
the future teacher dwellcd at great length. hc tic. tlic Sciiiori, too, is
a ready victim of the slump.
One might think that graduation Would be the terminal point for
the slump, since the ever-liuihnvcd bachelor's degree has already been
obtained. Alas and alack! it's not. so! With a new. lirin .\t'[, of convic-
- tions and a strong desire to further his cdiication and obtain anotlicr
 degree iinorc. inoni-y, yoti knowh, flii- cx-chior cincrgcs the following
! September as a grad student 'l‘oo iiiticli work of an academic nature

over the past four years soon st‘l'\'('5 as the lfitlit'ltls for thc grad's be-

coming subincrgcd in the darkcst. inost drcudllil of all slumps. "1 “1,”-
dcr." says the grad. "if this slump business \llll lll'\'t‘l' ccasc'.’ is life
nothing but one sluiiip after another?" Wiiaf is the answer? I really

don't know; in! completely stumped by the. state of liiiiguor called the
slump!

In an effort to clear up some of the con-
fusion which surrounds the first week of
school in September when so many fresh-
man receptions are scheduled, and Activ-
ities Day in October, Student Connoil has
appointed a committee toIinvestigate and
come up with some solutions. Last week
the Improvement of Activities Committee,
composed of three Council members, pre-
sented an excellent plan which, if put into

solve many problems.

Basically, the plan states that Activities
Day be reorganized as an Activ1t1es Week
in which two organizational receptions
would be held each night of the week. The
committee has combined all the organiza—
tions on campus into ten groups in order
to limit the receptions to two each night
for five nights.

For instance, Pedagogue, State College

and Press Bureau would be-

come the Publications Group and would
hold a joint reception one evening in the
Upper Lounge of Brubacher while another
group, say the Religious Clubs, would be
receiving freshmen in the Lower Lounge.
Each organization would be entitled to a

would have an equal chance

to present themselves to the freshmen.

also eliminate Activities Day

as it stands now-with all the organiza-
tions spending time and money preparing
booths and displays for a pitiful number
of freshmen who do show up. Instead, the
frosh would be given a chance to “Sign on
the dotted line” at each of these receptions
and would better understand just what
they are doing. Revamped, Activities Week
would be culminated with the traditional
banner presentation and Sophomore skit

This committee has done a commend-

has accomplished something

that has been badly needed for some time.
They are continuing along this line and
are now in the process of reworking the
Social Calendar for next year. It is encour-
aging to see that Student Council is awak-

many problems caused by
existing in this college and is

attempting to do something about them.

—A.J.C.

l hwwkﬁw.l

By JOHN REINERS

Old Favorite At Strand

Since I'm of the opinion that
Katherine Hepburn can do no
wrong, it‘s no surprise to me that
she does a fine job in Summertime.
The story itself deals with an old
maid on a holiday in search of love,
which is not a new idea by any
means, but Katherine and Rossano
Brazzi, who plays her lover. both
manage to rise a bit above the story,
and make something quite pleasant
out of it. The story is set in Venice,
and for about two hours you see
every building, every canal worth
seeing in Venice. Goiidolas, too!
Adventure At Madison

Weatlierbeaten John Wayne. and
sarcastic tbut lovely! Lauren Ba-
call, find themselves in China this
time. embroiled in love and adven-
ftire. The movie's very vivid title,
Blood Alley, is probably the most
exciting thing in the whole show.
Horror in 349

Next 'l‘liursday evening at 7:30
pm. the international Film Group
will do its best to scare yoti to death:
White Zombie, with Bela Lugosi
llisfcii for voodoo (ii'lllllSl. atid Lost
World, it Work about prehistoric
monsters and such. Then there's
The Fall of the House of Usher.
that old Poe classic that chills one
so, and a Salvatore Dali piece en-
titch Le. (‘lilcn Aiidalou, which i
understand is very gory indeed.
ltcadcr. you‘ll sit right on the edge
of your chair.
Star-Crossed Lovers at Delaware

'l‘he Delaware's new film is .i
poignant costuiiic drama about two
youngsters who fall in lovc. How-
ever, their families don't approve of
the match and the story ends trag-
icaliy Not a Very new story, ch?
but very Well written tiidccd. The
film is none other than lioiueo and
Juliet and the color is gnl'gt‘titlh‘.
even it the actors don't. always
make it.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4. 1955

By 'l‘lNAPP and DEVINE

    

“When they asked who was dead,

He stammered and said,

I don’t know—I just came for the ride."

‘ ATIRE

SANSslnsce its conception, Homecoming Weekend has never been what
could conceivably be considered a success. The responSibllity for this
failure, must. of necessity fall upon the student body. This year a greater
homecoming than ever has been planned. The only way it can be a suc-
cess is through our active participation. Hence, for those of you who
have trouble reading between the lines, we would like to issue the fol-
lowing plea: GO!!!”

DO NOT FEED THE ANIMALS

Is anyone missing a small bear or a large raccoon? Though the
“hood invasion" at Bru has been repulsed, a new wave of marauders
in the form of freakish furry creatures has taken up the attack. Really,
watch the lock on that cage door! We don't want our beloved grads to
be devoured by these monsters!

WE LOVE A PARADE I '

Speaking of monsters, we have seen a weird prev1ew of things to
come in the near future—tomorrow in fact. It seems that thirteen of
State’s familiar faces will be emulating characters from a science fiction
story, and will “float” down Ontario Street with the greatest of ease.
Anyone with an interest in creative ideas and innovations for our school
functions cannot afford to miss our own parade.

MARIGOLD GARDENS I I

Something has finally been done to alleviate the private wrestling
matches in Bru's date rooms. They‘ve made it a Varsity sport! This
brings the total to five, and once more proves the athletic department
is growing right along with the colleges and with the trends. Attention
all you manifesting ones»—why not attend and learn some legal holds?
NB. {No one bothers)

I.F.C. smoker—-Marching band—ICA. Conferencc—“Get-together"
at Hei‘bei‘t's~—approach of Thanksgiving—the Hallowe‘en home guardw
Campus Queen—crummy commons—Vets "buck social"—Panther Moun-
tain Dam—Junior Prom—doughnuts sans holes—brilliant illumination
in the libraryi?)——200 signatures, 12 down. 198 to go).

QUOTABLE QUOTES

A few choice experiences from first semester student teachers:

The one whose student. when asked to use “primitive” in a sentence,
told her that the “primitive” was 99 square inches.

The student teacher who, in an effort to stimulate imaginative use
of vocabulary, brought in a twisted hanger and asked her students to
describe it. She got stich grand eloquent replies as. “Looks like a bent
hanger." Seeking to chastise the students. she told them they‘d never
be able to go home and tell their parents what they had seen in class.
"Sure we will." came the rapid reply. "We saw a crazy teacher."
QUESTION OF THE WEEK

Big band. little band, or string quartet???

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4
3-9 pm. First Year Teachers' Conference in Brtibaclicr Hall.
9-1 pm. Junior Prom, Circle l'nn.

SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 5

1:00 p.111. Alumni Reunion, Pierce Hall.

1:30 pm. Parade to Bleecker Stadium.

2:00 pm. Soccer Game. State vs. University of Bridgeport
4:30 p.in. Sorority-Frateriiity Open Houses for Alumni.
9-1 am. Homecoming Dance at Brubacher.

SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 6
3-6 pm. Jazz Concert in Brubacher.
7:30 pm. Canterbury Club Meeting at St. Andrew's Church.

TUESDAY. NOVEMBER. 8

7:15 p.111. SUB Meeting in Brubacher.
7:30 pm. Psychology Cliib. Brubacher Upper Lounge.
4:00 pm. SCA. Combined State College Chapel.

THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 10
7:30 pm. IVCF, Guest Speaker in Brubacher.

 

  
         

t

m W.”

is 2...?! y
, Let‘s all “Pollow The chwr“52ilonl‘d‘/l

 

 

STATE COLLEG E NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IBIO

BY THE CLASS OF I918

 

First Place (‘SI’A I"li‘.‘~l l’lni‘c At'l’
VOI. XI.- Novi'iiilicr ‘I. liliii) No It)
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York Slate College for Teachers;

published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student
Association.

 :,>._yv;v!1-Wc4 .3": .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4. 1955

PAGE I

 

Myskania: Its Birth And History; College Begins ’News' Board Delegates Attend
Thirty-Eight Years Oi Tradition Initial Planning NY. Press Association Conierence

By THOMAS SMITH ’57

One score and eighteen years ago,
Myskania was brought forth upon
this campus—conceived by President
Brubacher, and dedicated to the
proposition that Myskie would take
care of undergraduate life. During
its 38 years of existence. Myskania
has not been engaged in any civil
wars, but has certainly given a new
birth of freedom to State.

In 1917, a Faculty Committee ap-
pointed eleven students to serve as
the first Senior Student Council.
These students chose the name of
Myskania—a secret meaning known
only to its members. Five members

were chosen by the faculty and the
remainder by Myskania itself. The
duties of this group ranged from
governing inter-class contests to ad-
ministering college traditions. Since
this time "Myskie" has inaugurated
many innovations and its member-
ship has been expanded to thirteen.

Let‘s look at the record. In 1917
Myskania led the ﬁrst weekly as—
sembly, wrote the Constitution for
Student Association, and provided
a State College News Board and a
News Constitution. In 1918, Rivalry
was initiated "because the college
needed an unified spirit." It was
during these years (1918-1923) that
Myskania devoted its time mainly
to college traditions. First we had
the tradition of frosh using the rear
and side doors; then came the Ban-
ner hunt and the ban on fresh
wearing high school insignia. In
1924 the Seniors began wearing caps
and gowns on Moving-Up Day. Also
in this year, with the increased en-
rollment came a drive to campaign
for residence halls. In 1926 Campus
Commission and Debate Council
were organized. and in 1927 rules
for revoting were set up. The years
from 1931-1938 saw the inaugura-
tion of Activities Day. a college-
wide Red Cross drive. and the in-
nitiation of discussion groups be—
tween students aiid faculty for the
purpose of settling student prob—
lems. In 1941 Myskania went to
war and victory drives went on the
program. 1943 saw the first all—wom-
an Myskania. and in 1945, along
with V-Day, came that confusing
preferential voting. Beanies were
ushered in in 1946—frosh were to
wear them from the second Mon-
day of ﬁrst semester till Thanks-
giving recess. This ycar also marked
rcecciimcndations and suggestions
from Myskania regarding its suc-
cessors. Additional nominations were
to be made by the Student Associa-
tion. The seniority rule prevailed in

Peterson Selects New

Members Begin Plans

After a careful tryout period, Karl
A. B. Peterson. Associate Professor
of Music. announces those who were
successful in qualifying for the Col-
legiate Singers. The group is now
planning for a sing at Christmas
time. These are the names of the
students who were accepted:

In the First Soprano section are
Pitt Atwood, Aileen Cocliraiie. Sen—
iors; Shirley Canavan, Junior; Jody
Aiiibrosino. Marie I-Iarrigaii. and
Jean Thomas, Sophomores; and
Birgitta Gottlow, Vivian Clowc. lvlu-
riel Barber. Roberta Mullarkcy. Pat.-
ricia Allicii. Ann Croekcr. Miriam
Sanderson, freshmen.

The Second Soprano group is ('iilll-
prised of Mary Stowcll. Margaret
Hillllllliiill, Margaret Slcbbtns. Jun-
iors; Mary Bradley. Doris Stcrxiiicr.
Sophomores; Claudia Allccock, Dor—
othy l-larper. Elizabeth llolbi'ook.
Barbara Dalton. 'l‘acy Pcrdnris,
(iriiiiiia Ctillt'll, freshmen.

For First Altos, there are lilvclyn
Beats, Senior; Barbara Dav1s. .liin—
tor; .loaii Shiitclf, Sophomore; and

 

Joe’s Barber Shop

58 N. Lake Ave..
Near Washington Ave.
2 liAltBERS
We Aim To Please

1947 and Myskie left the stage ﬁrst
followed by the classes in descend-
ing order. The Commons and Cafe-
teria were investigated and improv-
ed by the Thirteen Muses of State.
Between the years 1953-1955, the
following rules were adopted: a quo-
ruin of Student Association consti-
tuted those in assembly; no class
president may serve more than two
consecutive terms, and the resign—
ing SA president automatically re-
linquished his seat on Myskania.

Also the following amendment
was proposed by Myskania and ac-
cepted by Student Association: No
member of Myskania. excepting the
Senior class president, may con-
currently be a representative to Stu-
dent Council. In 1955 Myskania rul-
ed that all proceeds from the Jazz
Concert would be returned to sur-
plus rather than be used by Inter-
Sororlty—Inter - Fraternity Council
for their winter formal.

The most. impressive feature of
Myskania is witnessed around Mov-
ing-Up Day each year. The mem-
bers of the retiring Myskania walk
around the assembly and "tap" the
incoming members. The new mem-
bers of Myskie are then escorted to
the stage by the retiring officers.

Membership to this honorary ju-
diciary group is determined by the
quality of leadership exhibited and
the ability to execute judicial duties.

For New Units

With the yearly increase of stu-
dent enrollment at State College.
the condition of overcrowding has
reached a point where it is neces-
sary to expand its present facilities.

The administration and the State
University have been working on
the problem. As of now the Univer-
sity Board of Trustees have ap-
proved three new units to be con-
structed at the college.

The first of these badly needed
new buildings will be a new library.
The Legislature last year voted the
necessary funds for designing the
structure. It is assumed that this
year's session will vote the necessary
appropriation for the actual con-
struction, The architect has been
designated and is presently working
on the plans.

Tentative plans for Hawley Li-
brary call for its conversion into a
cafeteria and commons. This will
not only provide larger accommoda-
tions for these two facilities but it
will also free the area in lower
Husted. This area can then be con-
verted into additional laboratory
space.

The next unit to be erected will
be a Field House, the plans of which
have been drawn for a considerable
period.

Also on the present building ag-
enda is the future construction of
a new Milne School and Department
of Education building.

State College Theatre Lists Casi
For January Production In Page

Jarka Buriau, Assistant Professor
of English tDl’t‘lfmﬂthS), and Direc-
tor. announces the tentative cast for
the January State College Theatre
production of “The Diary of a

Scoundrel," by Alexander Ostrov-
sky. The cast consists of: Yegor

Gloumov. a young man -— George
Vanderhouten ‘59; Glafira Glou-
inova, his mother—Barbara Hunger-
l'ord ‘57; Stoypka, their servant——
Patil Powclsland '59; Neel Mameav,
a wealthy gentleman, a distant rel-
ative of Gloumov—Sal Zaccaro '58;
Kleopatra Maiiieva. his \vifewEliza-
betli Androssy; Kroutitzky. an
old man of importance »—-- Klaus

Collegiate Singers;
For Christmas Sing

Lee Hazeltine, Marlene Ferner, Pat
Hickey, freshmen.

Second Altos are Joyce Shelton,
Jean Hallenbcck Seniors; and Sue
Carmichael, Gail Hogan, and Carole
Waldron, freshmen.
prised of Joseph Kelly. Senior; Rob—
ert Stimson, Edward Jones. Rich-
ard Erbachei'. Juniors; Robert Sis-
clio and Harry Cooper. freshmen.

Second Tenors are Phil Bartcll,
Grad; Dwight Willscy, Senior;
Toni Matthews, Dom DeCccco,

William Savage. .iuiiiors; aitd Paul
I.ootiiis and David Yotist. freshmen.

The Baritone section boasts James
liiit'kllzli‘l. Peter Bookc, Donald But—
ior, Peter Spoor, Juniors; Joseph
l\'IroXowski. Sophomore; Hartley La-

l)ukc. (it‘llt‘ Scott. Harold ‘iai'iio,
David l’alincr. Jim Owen. Michael
Van Vriuikcn. and Allan Pryoi',

f‘i-eslinicn.

Kaufman, Ivan Gorodoulln, a young
man of iinportance—Norman Strlte,
freshmen; Sofia Tourousina. a
wealthy widow. the daughter of a
merchant—Marioric Jelley; Mash-
enka, her niece—Nancy Gade, Jun-
iors; Yegor Kourchaev, a. Hussar—
William Savage '56; Golutvin, a man
without an occupation — Richard
Warner; Maniefa. a seeress—Edith
Strack; Matriosha and Lusinka,
companions to Madame Tourosina—
Paula Segal. Juniors, and Frieda
Cohen '58; Mainaev’s man servantr
Paul Gannon; and Grigori, Madame
Tourousinas man servant ~Wllliain
Hershfield, freshmen.

This production is going to eni-
ploy the use of a woodwing set, a
new concept in scenery design for
State College theatregoers. The play
is also going to be the first presen-
tation in the new Page Hall.

Class Presents First
Literature Readings

Agnes F‘uttcrcr, Professor of Eng—
lish tTlleutl‘t‘i and her English 162
Class. will present Tuesday evening.
Noycinber 8. "the first. series of
Evenings of Readings from Litera-
ture." under her production and di—
rection. The cast consists of Linda
Sokoloski and Aiidry Wyant, Sen-
iors; Barbara l-luiigerford, Anne-
Bcllc Persico. Juniors; and Betty
Lee Smith '58.

English 162 presents the students
with the principles of interpreta-
tion and practicc in analysis of va-
rious types of literature with it view
to rcadfiig them aloud with under—
standing and effectiveness with ad-
mission only with the (‘tillSt‘llt of the
instructor.

 

This Weekend
Greet the Grads at the Bar

(SNACK,

THAT IS)

By MARY AN N SCHLOTTHAUBEB

On October 21 and 22, David Ken-
dig and I attended the New York
State College for Teachers Press As-
sociation conference at Plattsburg.
Representatives and faculty advis-
ors of the literary magazines, the
newspapers, and the yearbooks from
seven of the State Teachers Colleges
were present.

The conference was opened on

ICA Formuiaies
Meeting Agenda

Marilyn DeSanta '57. coordinator
of the Inter-Collegiate Association
conference to be held here next
weekend. November 10, 11, and 12,
announces that the conference ag-
enda has been formulated and ac-
cepted by the local commission. The
agenda reads:

Thursday, November 10
3:00. 4:00~Registration
4 :15- 4 :45—~Geiieral Session
5 :00- GAS—Discussion Groups
7:00— 8:00—Supper
8:00-10:00—Dlscussion Groups
10 : 00—Adjournment

Friday, November 11

9:00— 9:30—Breakfast

10:00-11 :OO—Assembly

11 :30- 12 : 30—Lunch

12:30— 3:30—Dlscussloii Groups
3:30~ 4:00——Free Time

4:00- 7:00—Discussion Groups
7:30~ 9:00-—SUB Dance

Saturday, November 12

9:00- 9:30—Breakfast

9:45-12:45—Last General Session

1:00- 2:30—Luncheon and Guest

Speaker

2:30- 3:30—Board of Directors

All State College students inter-
ested in attending the discussion
groups as spectators may do 50.
Topics will be posted as to time and
room on the doors of the Brubacher
activity rooms. Student Union Board
will sponsor the dance to be held
Friday evening from 9 pm. to 12
midnight. Music will be provided by
Clyde Payne's Pedcats and all
statesmen are cordially invited to
attend.

Buffalo and Plattsburg have rati-
fied the new constitution, making
Brockport the only State Teachers
College which will not be in attend-
ance. Other branches of the State
University have been invited to at-
tend as non-~voting participants.

Frosh Apologize
To SOph Class

The following is a list of warn-
ings issued by Myskania, announces
Judy Vimiiierstedt. Chairman of
Warnings.

Those freshmen who have received
their second offense are Kathleen
Bonk. Gabrielle Cogcn. Antoinette
D'Alfonse, Harold Mayo, Rosemary
Hanselman, William Hershfleld, and
Phyllis Romano.

Two freshmen have received their
third warnings. They are Carole
Christie and Carole Segretta. Sally
Storm has received her sixth warn-
ing.

These warnings bring the total
niuiiber issued for this year to one
hundred and thirty. Those students
who have a total of three warnings
will present their apologies to the
Sophomore class during the regular
Sophomore class meeting.

Friday morning with a short ad-
dress of welcome by the president of
the association. Following this, a
representative from each publica-
tion gave a short speech on the
printing cost, number of copies
printed, number of issues, the ad-
vertising cost, and the role of the
faculty advisor in relation to his
publication. Friday afternoon, the
conference broke up into three
smaller groups—literary magazines,
newspapers, and yearbooks. Dr. Mur-
phy from the Syracuse School of
Journalism spoke to the newspaper
group on “Techniques of Journal-
ism." He also evaluated each news-
paper, pointing out the weak and
strong points of the paper. Friday
evening, there was a banquet fol-
lowed by a short business meeting.

Saturday morning, Mr. Jerome
Loualkie of the State University
Public Relations Office spoke to the
group about ways of strengthening
the relationships among the various
State schools. A panel discussion on
“What in the estimation of each
publication is the role of the faculty
advisor," followed. Out of the seven
schools represented, Albany was the
only one that did not have any fac-
ulty adviser for any of its publica-
tions.

 

pacing
0m 740 gm

Here's two gems from the [tens
selaer Polytechnic. An R.P.I. Soph
almost bird-dogged his date.

“Twas the night after the Sage
March

And all through the gym

Five hundred young freshmen

Were looking quite grim.

Their dates were dancing to music
divine

With eager Sophomores, out making
time.

A doll in my arms; her frosh all
a-fretting,

I was Just getting set for same old-
fashioned petting.

When out by the stairs there arouse
such a clatter

I sprang from her lap to see what
was the matter.

And what to my wondering eyes
should appear

But a sexy white jacket and cute
purple squares.

He insisted I leave. for to stay was
a sin,

Since soph-o-morcs weren't allowed
to be in.

I protested (as a member of class
'58)

Until I
gate."

My advice to this lad from class
.59.

was formally “given the

She's your date tonight—BUT TO-
MORROW SHE'S MINE!

Der Fallen Forden

“ein smallisch Fodren mit motor
whinen uiid gearen grinden ben
reachen ein stoppen light. Der Che-
vrolaten inlt powerpaken ist pullen
up beseiden und dropen en low.
Arch. Der man on Fodren lst crouch-
en in seaten uud gripen der wheel.
Hiinmel. Der light lst chagen und
grlpen der wheel. Hiininel. Der light
lst changen und der cars lst offen—
goen. Ist der Chevrolaten not beaten
der Forden? Nelii. Mit duelensmok-
en iind rubberburiien, der Chevro-
lateii lst leuven der light. Mit
screainisch whinengrinden der For-
den is throwen ein connectenroden
and fallen mit outdi‘aggen der Chev-
rolaten. Der exploden ben awful-
isch."

. . a good lesson for all German
students.

 

75 State Street

 

ART KAPNEB

"YOUR .S’I‘ATE INSURANCE MAN”
ALL TYPES of INSURANCE

5-1471

Albany, N. Y.

 

 

H ri-h‘miW' '1:

 

