 

i
i
l
i
.:

 

  

PAdl‘ O ’

lNewsl Announces Stall Openings I 4M 4mm

 

For Upperclsssrnen And Freshmen

The State College News has staff openings in all its departments.
All those Interested in working for the News should contact Carol Ann
Luft ’56. Managing Editor, via Student Mail or in person. First and
second semester freshmen as well as upperclasemen may sign up.

Editorial work on the paper is done in the Publications Office in
Brubacher every Tuesday and Wednesday evening starting at 7 p.m.

The Advertising staff w

Student Council 

(Continued from Page 3, Column 5.

the cards now, Betscha moved to
waive the clause for the present
semester. It was suggested that fu—
ture punching be done in connec-
tion with the payment of fees each
semester.

Council then moved to considera-
tion of a company to produce the
State College ring, since the con-
tract with the present company is
to expire.

Basic Style Remains
Marie Carbone ’56 moved that the
basic style of the ring remain, as
recommended by Myskania, and this
passed.

Aim Vigilante '55 moved that a
“glove setting" or flat surface be the
style of the ring. and it passed by
a 10-9 vote, with one abstention.
This action was subsequent to the
selection of Dieges and Clust as the
new producers of State rings.

Betscha moved that a three year
contract be obtained. and when it
was pointed out that this could be
taken care of at a later date, he

withdrew his motion. However,
Thomas Dixon '55, who had second-
ed the motion, would not withdraw
his second. The parties wishing to
delay the decision to a later date
accomplished their purpose by mov-

ing to table the motion.
Closing Action

The meeting closed with the read-
ing of the monthly AMIA inven-
tory. the selection of Clyde Payne '5'?
to be State's delegate to ICA con-
stitution al conference forthcoming

at Oswego.

Today's Assembly agenda will in-
clude announcements in addition to
two News financial motions coming

up for a vote.

Red Cross Ollers

First Aid Course

The American Red Cross will of-
fer a standard First Aid Course at
Brubacber Hall beginning Thurs-
.Lay at 7:30 p.m., reports Anne Dvor-
ak ’53, Chairman of the local col-
lege unit. A Bride's Course. open
to all young wrmzn who are inter—
ested. will begin at a meeting to be

held February 17, from 7-9 pm.

The dates and time at which the
First Aid course will be taught will
be decided upon at this opening
meeting. The program will be sched—
uled at the most convenient time
for those who wish to take the

course.

An Advanced First Al:l course will
be offered alter the completion of
the Standard Course to all students

interested.

The Bride's Course meetings will
run for six weeks and are to be con-
ducted in the Albany Chapter House.
The subjects to be studied include
among them: simple food purchas—
ing, menu planning. and food pre-

paring.

There will be a meeting oi the
NYSCT Unit of the Albany County
Chapter. Aincrlian Red Cross Fob—
iuary 16, at 7:30 pm at Brulnichcr.

Debate . . .

IConlimwd from Page :5, Column ll
President, Mrs. Elnora Carrino, As-

sociate Professor of English.

Thursday afternoon, flvc State
speakers will present a program for
the Albany DAR chapter. reports
Dr. Carol Lester, Professor of Mo-
thematics, DAR Regent, Using the
topic “National Dclcnsc Against
Communism,” the discussants will
include Phyllis Razansky ‘55. Linda
Niles. Emilie Vavrii, Juniors, and

the Misses Allen and Szabo.

orks with the Business Manager Monday and

T u e s d a y afternoons. Wednesday
evenings the sports staff composes
their page. The Circulation staff
works on Friday afternoons in the
PD.

News Oﬂ‘ers Experience

Work on the State College NeWs.
which is entirely student run, of-
fers experience in all phases of Jour-
nalism. News reporters, feature
writers, sports writers, cartoonists,
advertising and circulation staff
members are needed.

English majors may gain news-
paper experience, which may prove
of value when they are teaching.
High school newspaper advisors
heed previous experience in the ﬁeld.
reports Miss Luft.

 

  

 

lllllll’s G\

At the annual Music Department
concert of the staff and guest per-
formers, to be presented February
16, Karl A. B. Peterson. Associate
Professor of Music, Bass Baritone.
accompanied by Margaret A. Stokes,
wife of Dr. Charles F. Stokes. will
sing two Verdi Arias and a group of
modern art songs. Dr. Stokes will
participate in instrumental trio se-
lections.

Paul C. Lemon, Associate Profes-
sor of Biology, is co-author of an
advanced laboratory manual in bot-
any. Its title is "Laboratory Exer-
cises an the Plant Kingdom."

The State Education Department
has requested that Daniel E. Grif—
ﬁths, Associate Professor of Educa—
tion, be placed on leave in order to
assume leadership of the Coopera-
tive Development of Public School
Administration.

Joining the staff at State is Rob-
ert Lorette, who has been Assoei-
ate in School Business Management
with the State Education Depart-
ment.

a

\

 

STATI'COLLEGI NEWS. FRIDAY; FEBRUARY 4. 1955

I Greeks Schedule

R  sl'i Parties,-

ISC Releases Sorority Bid Rules

Two fraternities will hold rush
parties for freshmen. Two sororities
announce new pledges.

Sigma Lambda Sigma will hold
their annual "Rat Mortc“ Satur—
day night from 9 p.m. to i am. in
lower Hosted, according to Robcrt
Henderson ’55, President. Girls will
have two o'clock hours. Thc decoru—
tions and dress will highlight ihc
French atmosphere. The llllfli‘l‘~
ground Left Batik decor is u. l.l‘il(ll-
tion of this annual aﬂ'uir.

The following committee heads
have been announced: Muster-ot-
Ceremonies. Alan Wcincr; (icncrnl
Chairman. Thom :i s Sinnnnnskt.
Juniors.

On Sunday, January it, SL5 tor-
tnally initiated Edward Dcmskc.
Keith Gilmour, :tnd Jcssc Vics.
Sophomores.

Kappa Beta plans il rush portv
for freshmen on ncxl Friday :ll
Brubzicher Dining Room. ’l‘hc doncc
will be held from it) p.m. lo 1 .im
with all girls having two o‘cioik
hours.

The theme of thc dunro is “Mitrdi
Grits Ball“ which will highlight tin-

\\ «not: 00/,

\ - 

 

l__~._.,,...:-. \

 

festivities of the Mardi Gl‘fls sea-
son. The dress for the occasion is
informal.

On Monday, January 10, Kappa
Bola formally initiated Lawrence
Stiffness '56 and Theodore Pederson
‘57 into thc fraternity.

89111 chi sorority pledged seven
ncw incinbei's, states Marjorie Lid-
deli ‘55, President. They are: Bar-
burn Wull so, Frances Ireland.
Kuthcrinc Dodge. Betty Halbrook.
.lovcc Drciscnstock, Betty King and
Cili‘lilt'lu Suldticco from the class of
193‘?

(irilillilll Kaippn Phi pledged Mar—
jorie .Icllcy Tit}, :iiinounccs Patricia
Finger '53. Prostdcni.

ISC \])l‘('llli's thc following regu-
lations. Silcnt pcriod starts Sunday
at if pvn. ulitl lusts tintii pledgc
night. Bids go out. Monday morn-
lilt: nnl tnn<t hr back on the same
llt“. as snitcri on sliccis given in
()rtcntutlon. Fornnil wcckcnd for
sororitics will bc Fcbruary 1] and
t: It unyottt' has any questions
tin\ should cont;th Pull'll‘lil Finger
'53 l’risulcnt oi lSC

 

 

 

' s .  

 

     

Janet Blair. Actress: "l have the fullest couii.
deuce in LtiM's Miracle Tip. . . and LAMS taste
so good, I made them my regular cigarcilc."

 

John Robert Powurs, (Jrczilor ol the Powers
(iirls: "l lliink lAM's liltcr is for superior lo
the others. ()rcal smoke. . . noutlcri'ul lluvor."

 

l'iitriciii Morison, Musical Comedy Slur: "I
love LdiM Fillers. chcr tlrciiincd ii lillcr l‘lgll'
relic could ﬁlter so lliorouglily, yci luau- so good!"

 

 

STANDS OUT

 

ﬂﬂt/Y ﬂ!!!l FROM All THE BEST!

FOR l“l.A\(llf. 'I'Iic pnrc. nliilc Miracle 'l‘ip draws
cosy, lcls )(ill cnjo) illl llic lilnlt'.

OUT FOR l".|“l"li(.’l'l\'li li'llfl'liti'l‘IOV. No iillcr coiiipiircs

Willi hall‘s .‘lll'llt'lt' Tip for quillin or cll'cciivciicss.

STANDS

OUT FOR llllilll'lﬁ'l‘ Ql‘AH'l‘Y 'I'UliAllCUH, Ion. iiicoliiic
tiililiccos. Lit.“ loliiu'cos...l.iglil iinil .‘lllll.

STANDS

MUCH MORE FLAVOR ._ lllTlill l.I'IHS NICO'I‘INI‘I

America’s Best Filter Cigarette!

:‘ |u.x.rrr A Mini Touvm

 

 

 

 

 

 

Faculty Members, Guest. Artists
To Present Concert Wednesday

Music Council will continue to
sponsor their Annual Concerts, with
this year's presentation set for £33ng ‘ﬁugféSEsuswﬁzsﬂmgmﬁﬁ
X‘sgneﬁt‘g' Ffmmrg; 16' 81;) Page engagements Miss Genevieve La-
' cu an me :- p'm' 0 11a and  J
The Concert will be comprised of 9 . rs' acob H‘ Heme
five musicians, three of which are Elgfntﬁtguﬁ: pggﬁgggs'azhﬂsgén
ye“ known lo the State Conege mental trio and present two works
.cenc. The remaining performers by Debugs .Mr Pt
are it noted flutlst and harplst, both Stokes wu’f um; etﬁrfmtafdtm‘
of whom are familiar in the Albany introduce two glam: rfroﬁnenvserg
mm fox their talents' arias, and, after intermission, 9.
Margaret Anderson Stokes and group of contemporary art songs,

   
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
  

 

 

2-459 ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY ll

Student Council
Extends Deadline

For Applications

The Student Exchange Program
will take place with Buffalo State
Teachers College from Wednesday,
March 2, to Sunday, March 6, speci-
fies Robert Bctscha '56. head of the
Student Exchange Committee. Five
delegates who will represent Albany
State will be chosen by Student
Council Wednesday night. Three
women and two men from the
Sophomore and Junior classes will
be selected.

Applications should be sent
through student mail to Betschn by
Wednesday. The qualifications as
sct forth by Student Council are:

1. Appli'unts are to be either
Sophomores or Juniors.

‘2. Applicants must have a mini-
mum uvcragc of 2.5 for the prech-
ing semester.

3. Applicants should be very well
versed concerning State College's
curricular and cxiru-('tlrricular itc-
tivitics.

Buffalo studciits who will visit
Sliitc will intend it mininnim oi
lhrce clusscs it day. with courses
chosen by the visiting stiidcnt. Each
student will have a personal stndcnt
guide. Othcr activitics planned for
them include: a coffee hour with
Slaic iiiltlt‘ilLS. ii nicoting with
the adnunistrntion of thc collcgc
in the President's oi‘iicc, illll'lld-
once at Student. Council meeting
Wednesday and zit u Myskani-
meeting if thc judicial board is able
to postpone its usual Tuesday incct~
ing‘, and Situriluy thc cxchnngc
students will bc tokcn to thc homo
biiskctbull panic and Studcni. Union
Board duncc.

Our students who titlcnd Buffalo
State Teachers College will follow
:1 similar schcdiilc, Buffalo Stutc
specialich ill Eictncntiiry Education
and tcuching hundicnppcd childrcn.
’l‘hc colicgc is it city typc institu—
tion with it larger cnrollincnl than
Sitttc.

Sororities

I . pieces will be done by Stokes and
Peterson.

It u e t s O r m a  n  Most of the works to be presented

I by the musicians are difficult ones.

VOL‘ xxxx NO. 2 her husband, Charles F. Stokes, and which, in actual“; 1
Karl A. B. Peterson are the partic- music form. y' 8 poetry set to
For instance. poetry by D. H. Law-

. rencc and Edwin Markham has been

set to music by various composers

O  u e   in order to produce a greater effect
of “spirit and mood."

  
   
   
   

. 1955

Four such

 

M yskanio Slates
Vote Procedure

Nominations will take place this
morning for the Student Association
President replacement election and
for the Junion Prom Queen, un-
nouncCs Mary Aim Johnpoli '55.
Chairman of Election Commission.

Candidates for the Student Board
of Finance replacement from the
Class of ‘56 will appear before stu-
dent association in assembly this
morning. They are Edna Anderson.
'l‘odd Cushnuin, Bruce King. and
Jnnc Whiichurst.

'l‘hc rule will be read regarding
the nominations for State Student
Association rcpiiiccmcnt election for
Prcsidcnt and nominations will be
opened in Asscmbly. Candidates for
SA Presidcnt will deliver their
specchcs before assembly on Feb.
18. Election for SA President will
takc place the following week. Feb-
ruary 25. Nominations, also, will
tiikc place this morning for Junior
Prom Queen.

All of the abch elections. with
tho cxccplion of SA Pi‘csidcnt, will
bc on Fcbruary 18. Also, replacement
clcctions for publicity Director from
tho Class of '57 and for freshman
handbook will take place Friday.
February 18. Mary Battisti ’55. Scc~
rciiiry to Myskania, has announced
that the Judicial Body has ruled
that voting for replacement of
incmbcrs of SBF, Sophomore Pub-
licity Director and Junior Prom
Queen will take place Friday, Feb-
rniii'y 18. in assembly for all these
who luch seats. Only those students
without seats or who are legally
cxcuscd will be allowed to vote ab-
scntcc.

i

Heavenly Weekend To Feature
Fragrant Formal, Jumping Jazz

Ity MAIN ‘l .\ l.:\\\'lHCN(‘IC

(inc morc wct-l: and liL‘ilVCll will
conic right down to t'ul'llt. This is
not .1 ncw lliish so conic on out of
tho ccllui's Wc \vct'c i'cfci'ing to
tht- lucky pcoplc who lli‘l.‘ going
to (In Junior Prom.

t‘lt\i Sutui'diiy liltilli ihc Cinder-
cllus will ul‘i'lH' \\llll thcii' Prince
(‘hiii'utnms ui thc ’l‘cn Eyck Bull-
room at. to pin. :lllll thanks to it
tntrv godmothcr in the person of
lit-u'l Stokcs thc princcsscs can
stay uittil thc slrokc of two. The
couplcs will duncc to thc music
of Harry Vincciit.‘s orchestra cn-
l‘ll])llll'l'(l by lhc thcmc of “Heaven
chl" inspircd by the pcrfumc of
Ihc :«ulili‘ inimc by Holt-nit Ruben-
slcin.

At thc strokc oi rnnltiiglil
(.‘uitlcrcllii will iicccpt licr crown
:uid lilkl‘ hcr litlc its Junior Prom
Quccn. With hcr royal robe and
sccptcr lll li:lll(l thc bcinilil'ul rc-
gcnl will ll'll(l thc dancing for hcr
court.

To go to thc \vontlcrful court
bull sponsorcd by the Junior class
you don't iiccd ii i'tui'y godmother
with a magic wand. instciid $3 for
:i bid will do. Bids go on sale this
Week. Nominations for Junior Prom

Quccn will take place in assembly
today.

The festivities will continue Sun-
day and fill jazz lovers are invited
to come to thc Brubachcr Dining
Room from 3 to 5 Sunday to hear
the “String Strcct Stompers" from
Williams College, Williamstown,
Massachusetts.

Thanks to thc Juniors, State
Collcrjc will be honored with one
of thc two collcgc Dixieland bands
scicctcd for the debut of college
Dixicliind at Carnegie Hall over
'l"lianksgivittg vacation. So every-
one who has come down from
llt‘lll'i'll by Sunday afternoon, give
your cars a treat. The “Stompcrs”
will change your dreamy mood
crciucd by Harry Vincent to a
red hot swing. Anyone interested
ciin gct their four long playing
Columbia records. (Just a plug we
promiscd the boys» Of course not
all tlic bcst things in life are free
. so admission price will be
$.50 and tickets go one sale at the
Junior Prom lickct booth.

Ho wc tnkc this omiortunity to wish
illl lhosc that are going to have
ll lictivcnly lime and good ltlck to
all the Queen nominees and a pre—
congrntulations to the lucky girl.

    
  
    
   
    
     
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
   
    
       
   
     
      
   
 
   

 

 

  

I _ . ' The flute, viola and harp trio ar-
Freshman rushing Will come to its conclus10n tonight ranged by Debussy is noteworthy
and tomorrow night with the annual Buffet and Formal because it is the most difficult
dinners at each of the seven sororities. The dinners will be  gaithﬁg‘g‘ya ‘2,“ :he c°m‘
held at the respective sorority houses. The buffet dinners at integrated gnocchi. ltr silhillldmll)‘:
six sororities tonight will commence at 7 p.m. and end at an interesting experience for them
9 p.m. Formal dinners tomorrow evening will be from 7 to to See Just how well executed the

11 p.m. Debussy work will be.

Silent Period will continue through Tuesday at 5:30 wﬁi‘ﬁgifgnﬁgiglfnaﬁf tgeﬁ‘t’ﬁrﬁf‘
p.m. With the exception of the weekend parties. Freshman for music fans to see a lilo ornin):

w +«w—————- ——-——* preference sheets should be filled struments playing together as La-
I I out and turned in to the Student Coila, Herzog, and Mr. Stokes do

 S  Personnel Office by 12:35 p.m. Mon- the Eugene Goossens Trio, a suite

p day. Bids will be sent to the rushees tending to be impressionistic.
I through student mail on Tuesday. Students are reminded that ad-
  The theme of Kappa Deltas Buf_ inissmn to this Concert is free of
fet will be "O'Kady’s Saloon": that ‘my Charge'

State College NeWs is sponsoring :1 y‘ﬂLFSmM Pane? “KD \fvﬁn' : a
a contest to rename the special is- yer '11“ ‘.‘ene”_‘ “Mimi”? 0 ,‘w  B D.

        "cums

ly or State Fair, states iecn .v , s ‘. ., ‘..,' ., ..

Cochranc '56. Editor. The issue. ﬁgﬁ‘ﬂm‘ D90F1?C’1““' gl‘t“‘}“9me““' Union Violation
formerly called the “staid College 8‘  m‘u 0' dimminmelu'

Guns" consists of one sheet with .emfls' 9%“.me 56' Dewm' At u , .,. , .
me {mm page dede to stories Lions, Cniol Kinghoi‘n, Menus; and V, ‘ 1L Insulin Sunday meeting

_ V V, Juay Stevens '57 and Bax-bum Sal- of Student Union Board last week
and the back page to advertise- , . ' . , , ,
men“ mum-C 56. clam-em, all-15.1301-1nm_ Jean Compagano 56, was elected

- H I Janet, Garvin. Arrangements; Na- secretary, announces Alice O’Neill

Any student inny particulate in dine Watson Entertainment, Sew ‘55, Chairman. Discussion also oc-
thc contest With the exception of 101.5; John Hugo“... Decorations; curred .it the meeting as to the prob-
people connected With the News in Pamcia Wilson Menus. Juniors; lcm of amorous manifestations in
any ‘WY- Aim Gilchrist, Favors; Rita Latn- “‘0 union-

It will run until Sunday, the bogliii and Mary Jane Meurii. Soph- It “"15 brought to the attaitltitm r
let oi February, or. which date omores. Cigarette Girls. 0,1. “‘9 bom‘d that the adminsti‘a-
the winner will be chosen by the . ,. V. .. . “0” is becoming increashtl dis-
News Board. The winner will be G512}. 1351132.:ﬁl‘egltiy“,lg warm turbe'd by Lht? breaking gosf the
chosen on the basis of originality, mo‘rmw magma?) .ifltouR'oa to— SUB regulation forbiddina amor-
Clevemess. effectiveness. and my 66 k C0391!” 8110.1.3/1 “mills-5;?“ ous manifestations in the Student
propriateness. Decision of the wenlﬂ‘md’ C ‘1 .Ltl?llf:f1ll_ 0 ti"? Uthll- A member iJOilltECl out that
Board will be final. ‘~ ‘ (“Wm 5‘" C slum?“ 101 recent student visitors have made

Tl , _ ‘ the Buffet ziic. Betty Miller. Dcc- Comments .t~ - .

W “'“mel 0f We commit W1” be oi'ations: Ella Turner Food Seniors m. . ‘qucs lonmg the effec-
admitlcd to all State Fair conces- Emame Am, Vrom'an 56' Fave”: mum,“ Of our enlorcemem-
510115 “'99 0f Chm‘gev “0‘30?de ‘0 Delores Minciirclli and Anne Ar 'an; vBF‘CfmSC or me Seriousness or this
Mary Jane Figher '5GICIml1‘mﬂh 0f tides, Sophomores Entertainment whim)“ u wmmmee‘was esmb-
State Fails Contestants are 1.9_ ENC” Bumms ,55 tolemmp For an; l'isilir-J ‘togwork out posstble ways of
quested to submit their entries to Fumml dmnm.__N',dnCy ngﬁtmn '55, lef'lll‘lmg. the promem and pOSSible
Miss Cochranc either through Stu- Clean up; Min-m.“ House patrol-c ‘1“.“.‘d‘,‘.‘°‘y.measm'es to be used if
dent Man or the News Mailbox in Cm.“ Lu“ Arr‘imuomemé. Ange]; I'm“. Homupn do.“ “9‘ Cease'
lower Draper. Cochraiie Taxis and Flowers Jun- Since um mung u was deemed

. I t I  t . -. to handle the problem in coopera-

’ . I 1018, Moiy Anti Schlotthauber. Dec- “on with me adni H t- - _

  orations; Palsy McElroy and Nancy- stead of handng 1: ndbhiitllgn 03:1.

dyllidcg‘ésflgfe'iilll13;;“Kn321183151; to the school for enforcement. If

_ ummtcs - mere warning does not solve this

V0   j -. problem, stronger measures will be
loonlniucd on Page 6, Column 1) employed.

SMILES has elected John Rein-
crs '57 publicity director, announces StUdCllt Council:

Elaine Swartout ‘56, chairman. Carol m

Sanders ’56 is the newly elected co-  d C .

ordinator at. the Clinton Stuarc I V T 
Neighborhood House. Try—outsI are u    o 
requested to work at Neighborhood  C .tt A

House from 3:30-5:00 ).lil. or 7:00- I C

8:30 any weekday. l  eel  

The programs at the Settlcmcnt A1 int- regular Wednesday meet- -

HU'Jh‘f ﬂhd the Albany Home hl- ing of Sludcnt Council this week. “11d 001111011 went on to make
cludc soctal, educational and rccrcn- Charles [soc-1mm] Dyebidjng, discus- Chhhges m the Whirl!“ illld accept
tionul work. Volunteers are needed sum was hold on the new class ring llv l)1'UVldillg the Changes can be
for supci'tision of and participation contract, the Inter-Collegiate Asso- iIm’l‘lml'mcd hi tJhe document by
“1 tht‘ Vill'iOUS HClll’iLiUs which 111- elation Committee, the Assembly for “‘9 “onll’hhi’~
cludc: music and dancing, arts and this wcck and whethcr ill“ not Th“ “L‘Xl Ul'del' 01' business was
crafts, cooking, shop, hiking, and speeches by campaign managers be the "Sti‘L‘liSmnCht 01' 11 Permanent
story telling. [.mmmuuy i.C.A, Committee by Council, After
Council having voted to (lcul with “‘1 1mm" “mil ‘1 h'tl” 0f dichsslon
' ' thc Dcigns—Clintt Ring Company for W” “WW (Heated 1110010118. the
JUdICIaI  RUIeS the next few years. Bockwith prc- limiilyl “milled that the Cilullmltte:
' scntcd their contract for Council's ~‘ 1“ ’e 1'“ 9d the ICA. Commis-
On MySkCnIa Seat .wpmvuy Tm. “mm”, was rend‘ sion. It shall be composed of mem-
, , . discussed and :icccplcd with sonic 11“” "1' bum COUNC“ and Student
“Myskania i'ulcd at their meeting (“muncummg The Conuucl “5 it Association. S.A. will nominate the
luv-*le Wellhl‘dv [hill‘ﬂ 195114111”th stands now binds thc class-cs of 19:37 "‘“Klldillco “"111 Whh‘h Council will
1min the pivegiaenoy 01 student A5- mm 1958 m purchuw mm. mm» choose 8. Four of these will compose
SDClillllill automatically entails l'C- [undyin- [hti present :gLyh-l Fl'tihhulnn the dCh‘tﬁilllOll U) the  Con-
linqtushing oi thc'Prcsidcnt's scat in representulivcs brought. up the "9mm" ‘W be held here next year)
Mgvsknnni, specificics Joan Carlin “on” in,” me)- mjgm mg“ u, Change and must be one Senior, two Juniors
ligt‘Chull'mun _01 the Judicial Body. tiic slylc, llliIL is, choose the rinsed “11d “110 SuthUIIlOI'G. The rest of the
ibis ruling is based on on intcr- sctiing instciid of thc present glove ""“mlll‘we “my be “hide Ul) fl'Om
lll't’hlllml 01 Article VII. Section soiling. This would int! be possible i1“.\'0lUW 01115595.
1 A—l which roads: with the contract now. Diivnl Blunt This mmmlha’ 1" Assembly the
, "rlhc Prcsitlcnt of Student Assoc- '58, moved to table discussion on D”"““““”‘ Debate T911“) Will ill'is’lle
intion shall upon election to office the contract for ll week until he the RM Chm“ WIHC “’th Slate de-
iiutoinatically become a member of could contact his class for their ap- bul‘”'s' Nominal-101‘s {01' the W851-
MYSKulllu. proval. liis motion was defeated (Continued on Page 6, Columnu

     

