"cleaning...

 

 

PAC! 0‘“

Mystery-Comedy Ploy Production
Tickets Ready For Sale Monday

By CLIFFORD DAVIS terfeiter does all sorts of things
for the five nights this play is

An all-out drive to push the stu- I.l_mnlng_
gﬁgguﬁ’l‘ogﬂg‘tigﬁﬁuiﬁlg‘e  The Dramatis Personae are: vaga-
will begin this Monday, May 2, and {I9 D‘S’ig‘ﬁeuﬂghagﬁnagwlgharle;

T esday May 3. Since there mm 8 ' ' _
Close u ’ Crowder, Nancy Gade, Richard Wai-
are only 875 tickets, it would be , S h mores_ Jae uenne Pacht
sensible to get them at this early ge’b' Itolzvo ton [ind Igormm Chan:
date. The rest of the tickets will ce‘:_’e',resh°g]en.- Paul Bruce Petm'
be thrown Open to outSide sale aftel Associate Professor of English, is
Tuesday' carrying out the directing. Maiglyn

" ' i ' ’ ' d Bar ara

“Laburnum Grove is a mystery- 1311131610 55 assists. an
comedy concerning a certain coun- M88108 is aeting as DI‘OGUCtIOII 00-
terfeiter and . . . Well, this coun- ordinal”-

"Grove" will come before Arena
Theater for the first time on Tues-
day, May 17, and will conclude its
run on Saturday evening, May 21.
8:30 pm. will be spotlight time on
each of the evenings.

I
Director Posts
   The Arena style will, in itself, be
unique for most statesmen who

Staff Directors and Administra- have never seen a sebup such as
tion Counsellors for Men's Frosh wlll be used‘ Three sldes of the
Camp have been released by Sam Theater will be reserved; one side
Krchniak '56, Director. Frosh Camp Wlll be unreserved Raised plat-
will be held September 16 to 18 at forms for the stage, and grid lights
Lake Orinsekwa-Sonnikwa. Warner’s wlll be used.

Lake.

Staff Directors are Joseph Ander-
son, Athletics; Clyde Payne, Pro-
gram; Horace Crandall, Waterfront;
Michael Maxian, Camp Store; James
Sweet, Head Counsellor; Sopho—
mores, and Custer Quick, Steward
'55 Administrators of the camp are
David Kendig ’57, Treasurer, and
Jerry Banfield '58. Secretary. Coun-
sellors are Whitson Walters. David
Kleinke, Willard Monsell, Living-
ston Smith and Joseph Kelly, Jun-
iors. Also Domenick DeCecco, Rich-
ard Erbacher, Robert Backer, James
Lockhart, Leon Og‘i‘odnik, P. Rau-
dall Dudley, Joseph Taggert, James
Smith, Robert Burns, Frank Mc~
Evoy, and. Richard Sauer, Sopho-
mores. Freshmen who will serve as
Counsellors are: Robert Bossom-
worth, Joseph Barton, Joseph Flynn,
Ronald Alexander, Lloyd Seymour.
John Steffano, Paul Sloand, James
Fitzsimmons, Ross Dii‘iley. Henry
Aceto, Warren Leib, Donald Mayer,
David Blum, Roger Hunt, and Peter
McGuirk.

SA Candidates . . .

rContmued from Page 1, Column 51

hey; Treasurer: Marilyn De Santa,
Margaret Williams: Student Coun-
cil: Joseph Anderson. Sanford Bern-
stein, Robert Burns. Marie Carbone,
Dominick DeCecco, JoAnne Kaz-
mercik. Davi-d Kendig, James Lock—
hart, Joseph Swierzowski, Joseph
Taggart and Betty Van Vlack. Song-
leader: Patricia Hall, Bernice O—
Connor: Cheerleader: Mary Lou
Fink; and Publicity Director: Mar-
garet Culligan, Lillian Ferraro, and
Elizabeth Stapleton.

Freshman Candidates

The Class of 1958 ballot contains
the following candidates: President:
Henry Aceto, David Blum, Richard
Hinck; Vice President: Jeseph Bar-
ton. Patricia Corcoran, Warren
Dunham, Hubert Felio, James Fitz-
siminons. and Alfonso LuFiilse. Sec-
retary: Marie Bctros, Mary Bradley,
Jacqueline Cantor, Susan F‘aille;
Treasurer: Wendell Fowlcr, Robert
Licrmoc, Keith Olson, Beverly Pct-
coil: Student Council: Ronald Al-
exander. Dean Cunningham, Mu-
ric Dcttmcr, Eileen Lalley. Marilyn
Leach. Gail Petty, Donald Rice.
Phyllis Siitx, John Stefano, Joseph
Szarck, and Enid Vigilante. Song-
leudcr: Martha Ross, Jody Ambro-
sino; Cheerleader: Beverly Ross;
Publicity Director: Robert Alward,
Dennis Bruno, Susan Fusco, Mary
Ann Kuskowski, Donald Mayer.
Lloyd Seymour, Valerie Schneider,
and Lois White.

 

'[iuw wopms
urian minim.)   I
o

‘ qunum .inoA'

x” 01 mm plnoM

uosﬁmf) 'v GIBA

 

 

 

CHESTERFIELD

Largest sell

Music Council.
Will Sponsor
Festival Chorus

A new innovation in the field of
music will be staged at Chancellor's
Hall, Friday. May 13, at 8:30 pm.
A festival chorus will highlight the
final concert to be presented by
Music Council during the Spring
season. Both the choral groups and
the orchestral group will appear.

A festival chorus including the
members of all the choral groups
on campus will be directed by Karl
Peterson, Associate Professor of
Music. The final number to be pre-
sented by the chorus will be accom-
panied by the orchestra under the
baton of Charles Stokes. Professor
of Music.

The various choral groups will
also present numbers intermittently
throughout the program. The or<
chestra will also feature selections
during the evening.

The concert is open to the public
as well as students free of charge,
specifies Kathryn Johnston ‘55,

President of Music Council.

STATI COLL-II “WE-"FRIDAY" APRIL 29. ' 1‘95!

Myslunio Changes . . .

(Continued from Page 1,, Column 1)

beanies from Campus Day t
Thanksgiving recess.

Numbers 8 and 9 will be deleted.
They read as follows:

8. Freshmen shall speak to mem-
bers of the faculty as well as to
members of their own and other
classes.

9. Students shall not wear their
State College rings until after
Moving-Up Day of their Junior
'ear. -

3 Changes in the Penalties clauses
of the customs include:

Number 3 which reads:

Third offense: Apology in public
before the Student Association, will
be changed to read:

Apology in public before Student
Association or before the Sophomore
class at the discretion of Myskania.

Number 4 previously read:

Second and third violations need
not necessarily be offenses of the
same tradition. These penalties ap-
ply to all the above traditions. This
has been deleted to include:

4. Four warnings constitute auto-
matic expulsion from office and in-
eligibility to run for office during
freshman year which includes the
Spring elections.

0

 

 

 

tion” A mun murm L

iiig cigarette  America’s colleges

 You’ll  your approval
 of Chesterfield’s smoothness
—mildness—refreshing taste.

You’ll  your approval

of Chesterfield's quality—
highest quality, low nicotine.

Religious Clubs
Schedule Events

Sunday evening Newman Club
will participate in a parade in the
observance of May Day. IVCF will
hold a panel discussion at their
next meeting Thursday on baptism.

A mass and communion, march-
ing in the May Day parade to the
Capitol, and offering prayers for

America and the world will mark ‘

Newman Club’s observance of May
Day. Members will meet in front of
St. Rose on Western Avenue at 5:30
pm. on Sunday, May 1.

IVCF’s panel discussion will be
presented Thursday at 7:30 pm.
Mrs. Harriet (Sartwell) Norton, As-
sistant Professor of Latin, will act
as moderator. Panel members will
be Marian Menzel, Joan Chamber—
lain, and Frank Denton, Seniors;
Gene Arnold ’56: Lucille Schneider
and Delores Seaman, freshmen.

Last weekend, twenty State Col-
lege students in IVCF were among
the one hundred and forty stu-
dents from Eastern New York State
who attended their spring weekend.
It was held at Camp Pinnacle in
the Helderbergs.

Gloom Ii Mun lomco Co

 

    

 

 

 

 

2.460

Classes

 

YY\Lts t. l’lda’
Q

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 25'. W

Myskania 1954-1955: Seated: Mary Icavone, Mary Battisti, Robert Sage, Charles Beckwith, Robert Conn,
Delores Montalbano. Standing: Zoe Ann Laurie, Donna Hughes, Joan Carlin, John Orser, Olga Komanow-

ski, Ann Tobey, Ronald Koster.

The tapping of a woodpecker, no,
the tapping of Myskania. The an~
nouncement of each verdant new-
comer to the Honorary Judiciary
evokes a clapping mania. Page Hall
has again accepted the duty of
lnirboring the ceremonies. Ah, how
oft that dedicated hall thrilled to
the cheers and tears of the as-
semblcd.

Page's war—torn face, disfigured by
the hands of unsynnmthetic work—
men. will look down upon the Charm

Chancellor’s Hall To Host Festival
Rich With Rhapsodic lnterludes

Six musical grouns connected with
Music Council will offer a diverse
and melodic extravaganza for the
Spring Concert. set for Friday, May
13, 1955, at 8:30 pm.

The traditional setting of Page
Hall will be relinquished this
Spring, and Chancellor‘s Hall, on
the south end of the State Educa-
tion Building. will be concert scene
for the evening.

Karl A. B. Peterson, Associate
Professor of Music, and Charles F,

Seniors Ready
Final Weekend

Senior Weekend this year will be—
gin with a. banquet on Thursday,
June 9. at Jack‘s Restaurant, The
chairman of this event is Joan Mit-
chell. Chairmen of other commit-
tccs are as follows: Arrnngcments,
Mary Aim Johnpoll; Entertainment,
Arlene Yanks; Programs, F‘runk Lo-
Truulio. The cost will be three dol-
lars per person for the roast beef
dinner, reports John Orscr, Presi—
dent.

The Senior Bull will be hcld :it
the Tcn Eyck on Friday evening,
June 10, from 10 pm. to 2 21.111.
Chairmen ni'c Nun McEvoy and Toni
Dixon. Mimi Douhc heads the 01'—
chestra. committee; Mary Buttisti
and Iggy Komiinowski are in charge
of bids and programs. Bids are
three dollars. The dance will also
be open to all undcrcliissmen.

Saturday night, Class Night will
also feature it skit at Page Hull
Chairmen of the skit iire Mary Ann
Johnpoll. Angela Kiivanuugh, Nun—
cy Evans, and Delores Montalbano.

On Moving-Up Day the Seniors
will hold ll breakfast at 11 am. in
the back part of the main dining
room of the Boulevard Cafeteria.
A sing rehearsal will take place at
that time, All Seniors nrc urged by
Orscr to uttcnd even if they don't
intend to march.

Circle Thirteen, and smile, none- fie of feet, Myskie feet.
the-less. Bob Coan's name rings out from
the demure mouth of Peter Mc-
Manus. Then Dee Montalbano,
wrapt in ecstacy, is next led for-
ward. So come Zoe Aim Laurie,
Donna Hughes, and Joan Carlin,
and everyone visualizes a female
Myskania. But Orser and Koster
come later to kill that doubt; then
Komanowski and Tobey are named
And the old Myskie stand like and give the body eight women
terra cotta soldiers . . . and there members.
is silence . . . and the shuffle-shuf— This yes-ii" 13 men, 0 women?

Religious Clubs
Install Officers

Stokes, Professor of Music, will Religious clubs are planning to
again take the podium to conduct install their new officers at regu—
the various groups in what is de— for meetings this week, and at
stined to be ii. fabulous program. special events.

The Collegiate Singers will be the In addition to the formal instal-
i'irst to perform in five numbers. lation of officers, Newman Club
The orchestra will do two pieces, will present the recent film, “Our
and. after intermission complete Lady of Fatima."
five more. the highlight, 01' which Hillel's Annual Picnic and instal-
Wl“ be the Andaluc‘“ 5mm lation of officers will be held on

The Choralettes. representing the Sunday at Thatcher Park. Cost for
female voices of the music group. the affair is 50c [per person. The
have planned four numbers of wide group will leave from the West
mood. Likewise. a contrast will come Street entrance of Congregation
when the statesmen provide music Chav Sholom at approximately
that will be deep and wholly inas- 12:30 pm. Transportation will be
culine. Their repertoire of songs will provided by Hillel. Any student who
include "Thc Homeland,” and “Pet- wishes to attend, but is unable to
or, Peter, Pumpkin Eater." meet the 12:30 pm. deadline, is

The Women's Chorus and chti— 11$de £0 C(mtﬂCt Hill'VCy Bmdy '56.
ml Chorus h:ch prepared a series 50 that UUlCl' tl'ﬂllSIJOI'Ulthll 111'-
of numbers. Five members from the l‘ﬂllgi‘mellts llllll’ be Blade. Helene
Festival Chorus will participate in Shhll' '56 “11d N01111:“) Al'llilld '57
a work by Mozart, to make this the “1'9 C‘)*Cllilil'lm‘11 Ur Uh? “VENI-
outstiinding group in this section of
the concert.

Evci'yonc has been
ghosts of the Music Council of State
C(lllt‘L’t'.

And Mary Iacavone dashes like
a docile animal up to the stage. At
grim attention the old Myskie stand
like terra cotta soldiers. In quick
succession Mary Battisti, Bob Sage
and Chuck Beckwith rise and are
carted on stage by the firm hands
of two blue-clad persons.

Sigma Lambda Sigma fraternity
has announced the schedule of
cvcnts for their Spring Weekend

Commission Schedules
Sonsleadef Elec“°ns this wcekcnd, according to Robert
Henderson '55. President of the frat-

.Oll Fl'lillly. Mayrwv We Clilvst‘c“ crniiy. Psi Gamma sorority has
of 1956 and 1958 will hold elections I)llmned ll parents- Bnnqum l-Ul. l0_
for theposition of songlcuder of the mom)“, lll mnluncllon WlLl1 M0v_
I‘l’sl’m'llve gl'l’uljsv lug-Up Day, stutcs Sylvia Korab ’55.

A run-off election will be held bc- President. Phi Delta is having an
twccn Martini Ross and Judith Am- Aluunni Luncheon tomorrow. Robert
brosino for the position of song- Sage '55, President of Potter Club,
leader for the Class of 1958, has listed the names of the new iii-

Thc, nomination for songleiider illaies.
for the Class of 1956 will open on Tonight at the Aul'lllllll Club, Sig—
Tucsday of this week, and close 011 lllll Lambda Sigma will hold an “01'-
chncsdiiy. chld Formal" from 9 pm to 1 am.

Sinci- cvcryonc who had been Music for the dance will be by Bob
nominated dcclincd during regular Brown’s Orchestra. William Small
spring election time, it was iinpos- ’56 is General Chairman of the
siblc to hold it regular election in dance. His conunlttecs include: Da-
this instance and have the new vid Bliim ’58. Arrangements; Donald
songlcudcr announced with the oth- Butler and Donald Whitlock, Enter-
cr ’50 officers on Moving-Up Day. tuinnicnt; Jesse Vics, Chupci'ones;

 

 

VOL. xxitx‘lno. ii

ove Up At Traditional Ceremonies In Page;
Original Show, Sing To Conclude Day's Activities

, State To Engage Danbury Nine
I At Bleecker Afternoon MUD Event

The traditional Moving-Up Day ceremonies will com-
mence tomorrow morning with the formation of lines at
8:45 am. in Draper Hall. The ceremonies in Page Hall will

7:30 pm. The events for the

' be followed by a baseball game at Bleecker Stadium at

evening will include the MUD

show entitled “Dial M for Minerva” which will be staged
in the Albany High School Auditorium at 8:00 pm. The

Traditional Sing will conclu

Moving-Up Day Schedule

7:30 a.m. Junior Breakfast,
Boulevard Cafeteria.

8:00 a.m. Senior Breakfast,
Boulevard Cafeteria.

8:45 a.m. Formation of Lines,
Draper.

9:30 o.m. Commencement of
Program, Page Hall.

1:30 pm. Baseball — State vs.
D a n b u r y, Bleecker
Stadium.

8:00 pm. MUD Show, “Dial M
for Minerva,” Albany
High School Audi-
torium.

9:00 pm. Traditional Sing,
Draper Steps.

Selective Service

de the day’s ceremonies. The
Sing will be conducted in front of
the steps of Draper Hall at 9 pm.
Traditional Clothes To Be Worn
The following specifications con-
cerning attire are set forth by Nan-
cy Lighthall '55, General Chairman:
Seniors are to wear caps and
gowns with women wearing black
heels and the men are to wear suits.
Juniors will all wear the traditional
class hats and carry canes. Women
are to wear white dresses and white
heels while the men are to wear
suits, white shirts and ties. Sopho-
mores are to all wear beanies. White
skirts and red blouses or sweaters
will be the attire for the women
and the men will be fashioned in
suits, white shirts and red ties.
Freshmen are to wear “little girl
and boy” outfits. suggests Miss
Lighthall. Women are to wear white
dresses. socks and white flats while

- the boys should be attired with dark
   trousers and white shirts.

The third administration of the
Selective Service System Qualifica-
tion Test will be given this year
on May 19, states Elton A, Butler,
Assistant Professor of Mathematics.

The closing date for registration
for this testing is Monday, May 9.
All men wishing to take the test
this year are asked to register as
soon as possible. Application blanks
are available in the Student Per-
sonnel Office.

Mr. Butler, Simervisor, urges all
those who wish to take the test to
fill out application blanks immedi-
iitely.

Student Council:

Surplus Committe

Page Ceremonies To Begin At 9:30
The Alma Mater. directed by Lin-
da Nlies ’56, will commence the
morning‘s program in Page Hall at
9:30 am, The Welcome will be ex—
tended by Robert Coan ‘55, Student
Association President. Coan will also
introduce the class speakers.

Dr, Evan R. Collins, President of
the College, will announce the new
members of Signum Laudis. Wil-
liam Duinblcton, Assistant Profes-
sor of English, will then announce
the Edward Eldred Potter Club
Award. Oscar E. Lanford, Dean of
the College, will present the Frat-
(Continued on Page 1,, Column 1)

e Formulates List

OI SA Suggestions For Savings

By MATT OSTOYlCll

The last meeting of the present
Student Council was held Wednes-
day. Committee reports, budgets.
and the Assembly agenda were the
order of business.

The Constitution Revisions Com-

mit  Initiation, Banquet, Formal, Alumni
Luncheon Highlight Greek Events

Richard Suuer, Bids; and Joseph
Purcell, Favors; Sophomores.

'I‘omorrow night there will be
cokcr at the fraternin house, 1011
Madison Avenue. Lou Cushou '56 is
Chairman of the party. Sunday there
will be a picnic at Thulchcl' Park,
announces Richard Van Slctte '56,
Chairman. Buses and cars leave from
the house at 12:30 pm.

Psi Gamma sorority is sponsoring
ii Parents’ Banquet tomorrow. An
informal party will be held at the
sorority house from 3 pm. until 5
pm. A dinner will follow at Pan-
ettu's Restaurant in Mcnands.
Chairmen of the event are Nora
Hunlcy and Nancy Hughes. Molly
Knight is Chairman of Entertain-
ment; Sophomores.

The following persons were 111—
itiiited by the Edward Eldred Potter
General Chairman of the banquet.

(Continued on Page 4, Uoiumu b}

,4

inittec under the direction of Ed-
ward Franco ’50 and Clyde Payne
'57 revised the Outing Club Consti-
tution. Student Council approved
the constitution.

Robert Betscha ‘56 reported that
Student Board of Finance appropri-
ated two emergency impropriations
to the State (‘ollcgc News and to
Debate Council, amounting to $50
and $24 respectively.

The Surplus Committee. under the
chairmanship of Theresa Barber '56,
reported on their findings concern-
ing possible means of using the sur-
plus. Miss Barber reported that her
committee drew out the following
four suggestions as what could be
done with the surplus There is a
possibility for buying Student Union
facilities or enlarging the Union.
The idea of buying a Student Asso-
ciation Bus was also brought up.
The committee also forwarded the
idea. of starting a scholarship that
could be financed by the interest
accrued on the surplus (which has
been deposited in a bank). The last
suggestion concerned the possibility
of buying land for it College Camp
on a suitable site near Albany.

The assembly agenda. for this
morning is as follows: the All—Col-
lege Revue and Student Union
Board motions, Good Government
Report, MUD Procedure by Eliza-
beth Becker ’55, Grand Marshal of
Campus Commission, and An-
nouneeincnts.

 

