 

l

 

PAGE 2

From The Editor’s Desk:

Hail And Farewell . . .

Tomorrow morning when this year’s
leaders vacate their honored places and the
new leaders step up to try and fill their
shoes, the freshmen will witness their first
Moving-Up Day and the Seniors their last.
This is perhaps the most traditional event
that exists at State—a college which is
steeped in tradition—and one of the nicest
memories graduates carry away with them.

As we look back on this past year we can
point with ride to the fine leaders we have
worked un er. They have done an excellent
job and deserve a warm round of applause.
They have had to work against many ob-
stacles: an increasing disinterest in student
government and extra-curricular activities,
the removal of the assembly from Page
Hall, and an enlarged enrollment. They
have come through with flying colors. Our

assistance. It

sorely-needed

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 6.

A Helping Hand . . .

The Sur lus Committee, appointed to
come up w th some ideas on how to spend
all the money floating around, made a few
suggestions to Council Wednesday, among
which were a scholarship fund, a bus and a
college camp. We were very surprised to
learn that our college offers only two schol-
arships, of just fifty dollars each: one for
library science and one for a Junior who
shows promise in administrative work.

Ours is one of the few colleges in the
country that offers such a limited number
of scholarships. Many students have to
leave college because of a lack of financial

seems cruel to deprive them

of a college education and the state of more

teachers for lack of a few

hundred dollars.
Considering all the money in surplus,

government with its compulsory “town roughly sixteen thousand dollars, it seems

meetings” is becoming more and more out

only fair that we put it to some good use,

of date and it is evident something will and what is better than a scholarship fund

have to be done about it. Whether it will be
a representative type government or a non-
compulsory assembly type, the new leaders
will have a big job on their hands. We wel-
come them and wish them all the luck in

the world. ford one.

for deserving students?

When you are asked to vote on this in
the future, think of what a difference a
scholarship could make to a student who
really deserves an education but can’t af-

 

ﬂaaceclwie 404 MW- W71 flay

 

The following procediu'e has been outlined for Mov- 1. The Juniors will in 0 ve left into the center
ing-Up Day exercises on Saturday, May 7, 1955: section.
I. Prooessional: 2. The Seniors move left across the aisle into the

A. All lines will be formed at 8:45 am. as follows:

Sophomore section.

1. Seniors will form a double line beginning at 3. The Sophomores will move left into the far

Minerva and ending in the perister leading to
the Library.

aisle, up the left stairs. and fill in the seats of
the balcony.

2. Juniors will meet by the registrar’s ofﬁce and 4. The freshmen in the balcony will move right.

their line will extend into the peristyle of
Husted.

3. Sophomore lines will start at the foot of the
stairs to Husted and will end at the Co-Op in
Lower Draper.

4. The freshman double lines will start behind the
Sophomores at the girls’ locker room in Lower
Draper and will extend to the Lower Library.

B. Each class will be led by the class marshals, fol-
lowed by the class ofﬁcers carrying the class

IV. Recessional:

down the right stairway and ﬁll in the seats
vacated by the Juniors.

B. Guests will be seated in back four rows of all sec-

tions and will remain seated during moving up.

A. Myskanla (old members on the right and new
members on the left) leads the recessional, going
out the right center aisle, and forming a line on
either side of Page Hall steps.

B. The four classes follow in order:

banner. 1. Seniors move to the aisle on their left, out the

C. Myskania will wait at the entrance to Page Hall
until all classes have entered the auditorium.

front door, and turn left to go down the walk
by Husted Hall.

D. At 9:15 am. the procession will begin with the 2. Juniors move to their left after the Senior sec-

Senior class marching down the front steps of
Draper, turning right at the walk which leads to
Husted. turning left at Husted walking toward
Albany High and then right, up the walk to Page

tion is vacated and will follow the Seniors out
the front door. At the end of the Page walk,
the Juniors will turn right and proceed down
the walk by Albany High School.

Hall. The Juniors, Sophomores and freshmen will 3. Sophomores move down the left stairs and fol-

follow the Seniors to Page Hall.
II. Seating
A. Upon entering the auditorium, students will pro- lines.
ceed to the following sections. (all directions are 4. Freshmen
given facing the stage)
1. Seniors in front center section.
2. Juniors in right section of the main floor. lines.
3. Sophomores in the left section of the main floor.
4. Freshmen in the balcony.
B. All classes will remain standing until the Alma
Mater is sung.
III. Moving-Up
A. “Where 0 Where” will be sung once in place.
Upon singing this for the second time, classes
will move up as follows:

V. Numerals:

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF iBIB

 

First Place CSPA Second Place ACP

VOL. XXXX May 6. 1955 No. 11

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesdo and Wednesday from '1 to
11 pan. ot 2-8320. Ext. 11. Phones: Gochrane, 3-7680; Lui 2-9812; Swierzowskl 2-3’1“:
Ooldstein 2-28126: Lackey 3-0277; Moore, 2-3326.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers;
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student
Association.

AILEEN COCEIANI - - - - - - - - - Editor-in-Ohief
OAIOL ANN LOFT - - - - - - - - - ﬂinging Editor
ESTHER GOLDSTEIN - - - - - - - Public Relations Editor

ES MONAEAN - - - - - - Business-Advertising Editor
NANCY SOIINEIDEI - - - - - - - - Circulation Editor

IONA”) LACIE? - - - - - - - - - Executive Editor
JOANNE MOOII - - - - - - - - - Consultant Editor
IAIOIA LAWBINOI - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
IlAT'l'lllW OSTOYIOII - - Associate Editor
IIOIIAID BAUER - - Associate Editor
CLIFFORD DAVIS - - — s - - - - - - - - Feature Editor
JOSEPH BWIIBZOWSKI - - - - - - - -- Sports Editor
AINOLD NIWMAN - - - - Junior Sports Editor
DOIO'I'BY BASIUSBIN - - - Junior Sports Editor

JOIN INA?! - - - - - - - - - Btoﬂ Photographer

All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Names
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for
opinions expressed in its columns or communications, as such expressions do not
necessarily reflect its views.

 

 

0‘

A. The Seniors
merals in the corner of Page Field nearest Husted.

low the Juniors out of Page Hall. turningr left at
the end of Page walk to go through the Senior

downstairs move right and out the

back door to follow their class out of Page
Hall. turning right to go through the Junior

C. The classes will walk out of Page in double ﬁle,
the couples splitting as they turn either right or
left to fomi a single line on either side of the
path. The Sophomores go through the Senior lilies
and the freshmen go through the Junior lines.

will turn right and form their nu-

Tlie Sophomores will follow the
Seniors and will form their nu-
merals in front of the Seniors
near Western Avenue. The Jun-
iors will turn left and form their
numerals in the coriiCi nearest
Milne. The freshmen will follow
the Juniors and form their nu-
merals in front of the Juniors
near Western Avenue.

B. All classes will hold their numer-
als until the Alma Mater and the
Ivy Speech is finished. After the
Star Spangled Banner is smig the
morning exercises will be finished.

VI.

A. The MUD Show will begin at 8:00
pm. in the Albany High School
Auditorium. Directly after the
skit the classes will meet in front
of Draper and take the following
positions:

1. Seniors stand on the steps of
Draper.

2. Juniors stand to the right of the

Seniors and face the Library.

. Sophomores face the Seniors.

. Freshmen face the Juniors.

B. The Stop Song will be sung by
the Seniors After they have sung
it once, they will move to their
lcft and stand in front of the
freshmen. The Juniors will sing
the Step Song in place and then
will proceed with their banner in
the Husted side door of Draper
singing the Step Song. The Soph-
omores will fill in the section va~
cated by the Juniors.

this:

 

 

“Where, Oh Where . . .”

 

Gammon-States

By HENDERSON and McEVOY

   

MUD

We offer up a prayer to the Rain Gods and trust that they won't
shower us tomorrow. The day's festivities commence at 8:45 am. with
the formation of lines which will proceed to Page Hail . . . full details
elsewhere in the News. The talk of surprises and landslides will be either
proven or refuted.

OFF THE GRASS. KEEP

The barricade in front of Pierce evidently put up to let the gay young
blades grow certainly serves its pLu'pose, but looks a bit slipshod. Even
a coat of paint would make it less of a detraction from the beautiful
lawn and dorm.

VOTING

Every year there seems to be a certain amount of rumoring just
about this time as to who has won what office. This year‘s rumors seem
especially authoritative, but as equally elusive.

ILLEGAL

More students at State College smoke in the iiall than free samples
can be provided for. If the College and Campus Commission have set
up regulations prohibiting smoking, why not enforce them. or, better
yet. why not obey them ourselves. Perhaps the present study of Campus
Commission will shed some light on this.

NOTEWORTHY

If we could see such innovations as we found in the cafeteria this
week life would have a rosier hue. A whole roomful of new “smooth
and shiny" tables had been put in over the weekend. We've certainly
seen a. number of improvements in that area this year. We hope cur-
tains might be planned for the dining rooms eventually. Although we
weren't here when it happened, we have a sneaking suspicion that the
cafeteria and kitchen were built around whatever space could be found in
lower Husted. the building not having been planned for a food opera-
tion. The bottlenecks that we fight all winter are not due to bad plan—
ning but to the physical restrictions. Now if we were to move walls . . .

GAMES

' After the tapping of Myskania tin Pagel the ball players will do a
little tapping of their own, we hope. The diamond nine will perform at
Bleecker Stadium this Saturday at 2:30 pm. We predict the Hathaway
men will conquer the Danbury squad.

l'PON US

A prophetic note was sounded this past weekend at the Delaware
Theatre in the movie “Doctor in the House." To paraphrase the situa-
tion “Why aren't you studying? There are only four weeks ‘til finals!"
The number of college students in the audience felt the hand of Fate
upon them. Needless to say. there are only three weeks left now, what
happened to all the good intentions last January?

POLITICAL PREDICTIONS

While sitting in our private office, pondering the fate of thc candi-
dates in last week's election. we were startled by the appearance of a
black-cloaked figure. Offering us a piece of paper with the jolting “cloc-
tion results" on it, we hastened to look it over. Before we were able to
copy it down. State College's own Scotland Yard arrived on the scene
and the “13" carried tiic intruder and all papers off into the night. We
offer these glances from that paper: Bob Bctscha. Enid Vigilante, Linda
Niles; Midge Fisher, Bob Bcischa, Sig Smith, Joc Kelly, Mary Brczny,
Sam Krchniak. Jane Loman, Al Weincr, Tush Barber, Marge Kellehel‘.
Linda Niles, Sue Barnhai‘t. Bea Engelhardt.

‘2 QUESTION OF THE WEEK?
Why move up before finals?

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, MAY 6

0:00 p.m.-la.tn. Sigma Lambda Sigma Formal, Aurania Club.
9:30 p.m.-l am. Kappa Beta Formal. Herbert‘s.

SATURDAY, MAY 7

 

8:45 am. Moving-Up Day.

SUNDAY, MAY 8

12:30 pm. Sigma Lambda Sigma Picnic. Thatcher Park.
10:00 am. Kappa Beta Picnic, Thatcher Park.

3:00 pm. Society of Critical Thought Discussion, Channlng Hall,

Washington Avenue.
TUESDAY, MAY 10
8:00 pm. Oral Interpretation Readings, Draper 340.

THURSDAY. MAY 12
7:30 p.11]. Newman Club Meeting.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 0. 1053 I

   

PAGE I

 

Seven American

League Soitbali

Teams Scramble For lM Honors

While the Tigers were clawing
their way to the top of the Ameri-
can Baseball League this week, the
seven softball squads in the Ameri-
can division of the Intramural Soft-
ball League were clawing each other
ln quest of the championship. The
feature of this week's play was the
two victories chalked up by the
APA nine.

Allasio Throws 4-Hitter

Last Thursday APA, with veteran
hurler John Allasio on the mound.
won a close game from a stubborn
Pogos club. 4-3. Ioele pitched a
strong game for the Pogos, allow-
ing only six hits, but his perform-
ance was not quite good enough as
APA pushed across two runs in the
first inning and single tallies in the
last two frames.

After a weekend of rest the Pogos
bounced back Monday only to be
clubbed 13-9 by the dark horse
Ridge House squad. The contest was
called at the end of five innings
because of darkness. Borden was the

Sports Mailbox:

 The Big—Four?

To the Sports Editor:

Students have been clamoring for
more Intercollegiate Sports at State
for several years. Now there is a
possibility of adding one more to
our “big three intercollegiates" in
the form of a. varsity track team.

In order to make this addition.
however, some sort of interest has
to be shown; and, as far as I'm
concerned, the required interest is
not present at all.

Seemed Inevitable

Track seemed inevitable when
sign-up sheets were put in the
group houses. The response was very
encouraging. Now. however, I'm
convinced that track will never
come to State. Two meetings were

 

called for the purpose of organizing
a Track Club. Such organization
would prove our interest to the Ath-
lctic Association. Only five people
showed up at the first meeting.
This poor showing was blamed on
insufficient publicity. As a result
publicity for the second meeting
was literally "poured on." A head-
lined article announcing this meet-
ing appeared in the News. The meet—
ing was announced in all Physical
Education classes. Also an an-
nouncement was placed on the
A.M.I.A. bulletin board. Therefore
a large turnout was expected. As a
result twu people showrd up. It was
very discouraging to sec 11 semester's
work apparently wasted. I am hop-
ing, however, that the interest has
not. died. Another meeting will be
held on Tuesday, May 17, at 4 pm.
An announcement will be placed in
the May 13 issue of the News. Please
attend this meeting and help to
prove we're really interested in bet-
tering the sports situation herc at
State.
Joe Barton.

spear spams/.1

Our Sports Spotlight this week
falls on John Allasio, fireball hurl-
er of the APA team. John wun a pair
of games this week. one being a two--
hitter and the other a i'our-llliti‘l'.

The tWo—hiitcr was hurlcd ch-
nesduy against the Rouscrs who
dropped the decision, 9-1. Last
Thursday John conic in with an ul-
most (‘qunlly i'lnc performance as
ho downed the Pogos, 4-3.

The Sports Spotlight runner—up
honors of the week go to the Smiths.
Mary, who received recognition for
a 21-point hoop production once
got in on the not again as she rolled
a 524 in the Mixed Bowling ’i‘our-
ncy. The other half of the Smith
(:(llllbillllllflll—BUlJ-ml‘ollCd 442. A 123
point handicap was added to give
them the winning 1089 score.

 

 

Joe’s Barber Shop

till N. Lake Avon
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARRIERS
We Aim To Pianos

winning pitcher in this slugfest, aid-
liig his own cause with a home run.
Teammate Lou “Big Buick" Carr
also belted a homer for the winners.
Ioele absorbed his second loss of
the week.

Finks Win

The F‘inks put on their hitting
shoes and walloped the Rousers.
21-3. Jack Peacock and Joe Zizzi
helped twirler Jack Gibson to the
win with a homer apiece. Joe Pur-
cell was the victim of the Finks'
hitting spree.

VDZ Triumphs

Last Wednesday VDZ blasted out
15 hits which, with the help of some
horrendous fielding, enabled them
to slaughter the fratmen. 26-6. Steir
slugged the only round tripper of
the game for the winners. Loricchio
and Connors shared the hurling du-
ties for the KB squad.

APA, again behind their star
pitcher Allasio. beat the Rousers
for their second victory of the week,
9-1. Allasio pitched himself a neat

I two hitter, while Purcell took the

loss for the Rousers.

Hilltop Captures

Peds Take On Danbury State

in Bleecker Encounter Tomorrow

VarSiiy”S” Club Hathawaymen Drop First Three,-
Elecis Rookwood Travel To Utica College Monday

State’s baseball team will try again tomorrow to hit
the winning ways. The Feds will take to Bleecker Stadium
at 1:30 pm. as they play host to Danbury State Teachers.
Monday they will travel to Utica State. Action in the past
weekend resulted in three striaght losses for the locals.

John Rookwood was elected to
succeed Bob Dreher as president of
the Varsity Club at a meeting held
Wednesday night.

Other officers elected were: A1
Ledermann‘y vice-president; Joe
Anderson, treasurer; Joe Taggert,
secretary; and Paul Dammer. Ser-
geant-at-arms.

Final Meeting Set

Next Wednesday, May 18, the
last meeting of the year will be
held at the Barracks, beginning at
7 pm. A movie on sports will be
shown and refreshments will be
served. All members are urged to
attend the finale.

Two In Softball;

Poiier Club, SLS Also Victorious

The glorious sun shone all week;
the almost perfect Spring weather
allowed the National loop of the
Intramural Softball League to get
in a full slate of games. The only
double winner of the week was Hill—
top which took two games rather
handily.

Last Wednesday Sayles outscored
the APAchies, 9-5. as they came up
with four big tallies in the sixth off
Matthews. The Saylesmen collected
13 hits, while the APAchies collect-
ed six off Tito Guglielmone. A home
run by Gerry Birr, and triples by
Alexander. Gilbert, and Bindrim

, were the big blows of the game.

Potter Wins, 24-1

Thursday's results showed Summit
on the very short end of a 24-1
score against Potter Club. The Club
scored ten in the third and eight in
the sixth as they powdered away
for 10 hits including homers by
Shipcngrovcr. Millet. Rogers. and
Backer. Muller held the Summit
men to two hits.
SLS Downs Saylcs

Saylcs went down to a 14—3 defeat

 

Monday as SLS came up with seven
big tallies in the first. Guglielmone
lost the game on his wildness while
Rock's control carried him to the
win. Dame’s triple was the best hit
of the game. SLS collected ten,
while Sayles had eight.

APAchies Scalped

Hilltop won their first of two
games as they scalped the APA-
chies. 18-5. The APAchies yelled
bloody murder as they saw twelve
Hilltoppers dent the plate in the
fifth. Lewis pitched for the losers,
while Gilmour handled the chores
for Hilltop. Home runs were hit by
Manthey and Smith. Hilltop had 20
hits, while the APAchies mustered
up nine.

The final game for this issue saw
Hilltop again on the higher side
of a 14-7 tally. This time Neil
Brown handled the pitching duties
for the winners. His mound foe, De-
Gesarc, took the loss. A big 8-i‘un
first spelled doom for their bar-
racks neighbors who ouihit them

_.
E“

in!” .

Silvia/(£5.

iii?

1M I'LAYOFF (.‘IIAMPS: Pictured above are the bowling playoff
champs. AI'A. Left to right, lid ltockstroh, Joe Duran. Walt Rehder, Al

Stephenson, Bruce Wise. Missing is

Bob Strauber.

 

Gerald Drug Go.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.
Phone 0-8610

 

O RECORDS
o FILMS DEVELOPED

156 Central Avenue
Open Evenings till 9:00

 

 

 

TENNIS ANYONE?

Play it cool —— at a table
in the SNACK BAR

 

Friday night they dropped their
opener to Oneonta, 8-0. New Paltz
hampered the Peds’ chance for an
initial road victory with an 11-9
win. Monday the Teachers also fin-
ished on the short end—this time
by a 5-2 count. (The result of yes-

WAA Slates
May 27 Outing

By DOT'I‘IE RASMUSSEN

Spring Spree, the gala, gay all-
day outing sponsored by WAA will
take place Saturday. May 21, at
Camp Johnston. Buses will provide
transportation to the camp and
lunch will be provided. Buses will
leave the camp in time for the girls
to be back for dinner at the dorms.

Spring Spree can be turned into
an overnight camping trip by any-
one who wishes to go out to Camp
Johnston on Friday. Permission
from home is necessary for anyone
who wishes to do this.

Six Sports Slated

Weather permitting, the day will
feature swimming, softball. volley-
ball, hiking, horse shoes and bad-
niinton.

Sign up on the WAA bulletin
board this week if you wish to go.
Specify whether you will be going
just for the day or plan to stay
overnight. Contact Nancy Schneider
for further information. Spring
Spree gives us all a chance to "get
away from it all" before the exams
begin; the more people who go. the
more fun the day will be. Will you
be there?

Announce AMIA

Winners Tomorrow

Elections for the A.M.I.A. Board
were held Wednesday to fill the of—
fices of president, vice-president.
financial secretary, and secretary.
Results will be announced lomor~
row.

Running for president are Jim
Sweet and Whit Walters. Vice-pres-
idential candidates are Joe Duran,
Leon Ogrodnic. and Bob Backer.

The office of financial secretary
is uncontested. Ray Castillo being
the only candidate. Joe Barton. John
Stefano. and Joe Connors are seek—
ing the position of secretory.

 

terday's home game against Utica.
could not be published because of
the Wednesday deadline.)
State Suffers Shutout

In the opener Friday afternoon
the statesmen were limited to three
singles with Sig Smith accounting
for two and Bob Dreher for one.
Oneonta stickmen bombarded three
State hurlers for 14 hits. Zidik
started the encounter and lasted
until the seventh when he needed
help from Joe McDowell. Caldwell
came in during the ninth to finish
the game. John Spunfelner went
the distance for Oneonta.
Pods Outhlt New Paltz

The first half of Saturday's game
was a complete reversal of Friday's
pattem. At the end of 4%- the Feds
led by a 9-3 count. Then the roof
caved in as New Paltz came up with
five big runs in the bottom half of
the frame. The final score was 11-9.
Sandy Bernstein had a pair of dou-
bles and a single, while Wayne Ov-
erton collected three singles. Sig
Smith led in the RBI department
with three on a pair of hits. Harvey
Clearwater who started the game
drove in two more to help his own
cause. McDowell was called in to
relieve Harvey in the fifth. Howie
Caldwell came over from third to
assist McDowell in the same inning
as Joe was awarded his bar of soap.
llathawaymen Drop Third

Monday the Hathawaymen drop-
ped their third straight as Hart-
wick came up with one in the first,
two in the fourth, and one each in
the sixth and eighth. The Feds were
limited to three hits in the 5-2 loss
as Bill Schweitzer had control of
the ball game all the way. A hit
batsman. twu of State‘s four costly
errors. and a safe blow by Serifs
spcllcd doom for State's hurler,
Tom Shuinanskl. Zidik appeared in
the fourth to relieve Toni.

Scores

R H E
Onconia .. 110 030 300—8 14 0
State .. 000 000 000—0 3 3

Spunfelner and Blelskl; Zidik.
McDowell 17!. Caldwell (91 and

Smith.
State  .  203 040 000— 9 13 3
N. Paltz .. 003 052 le—ll 4 3

Clcarwatcr, McDowell i5», Cald-
well 16), and Smith; Sicgel. King
151, and Foster.

State .......... .. 100 010 000—2 3 4
Hartwick  100 201 le—f) 5 2

Shumanski. Zidik (5;, and Smith;

Schweitzer and Honor.

 

SA

 

Mother’s Day is Sunday, May 8

BUY IIER A BOX 0F

STATIONARY

NOW ON

AT THE CO-OI’
u p to 5 0 % o f f

Make this a personal gift with our
Special imprinting Service

LE

 

 

 

