 

   

waver»... .

 

 

 

 

PAGE 4

mm 00» 750 gm

By ANN mm.“

Here's a bit or news from the You got a complex Bertram dear?
Syracuse Daily Orange. The Phi Bertram we all love you so TWO new courses are being Offered
ﬂag, Sign]: gigspcédeyracgse Ulni- But one of us has got to go.” next semester. announces 050“ E.
a o e a ome ess And taken from the 180 Ben l Lanford, Dean of the College. The
reptile. He is now residing in the Idaho state is the following: ‘1" courses are Philosophy 210 and
second floor bathroom tub and has «With an the science fiction French 10.

been named Bertram. v
One of the coeds at the house Stories’ “'11 50°“ be ' ' ' man getf Philosophy 210 covers three major
girl, man loses girl, man builds girl.
wrote the following ode to Bertram «Girls don’t many a man for his issues in the philosophy 0f 50181108
which sums up the situation as it money They divorce him for it” and other areas of culture, such as
now exists: ‘ Deﬂmtlon: An actor is a man who religion, politics and art; the unity
"Oh little creature in the bath is always me-deep in conversation. and the diversu’y 0f methc’ds 1“ the
Soggy footprints line your path. The Hilltop Press, of Cortland physwal' bmloglcal and soon“ 501'
Water dripping from the tap State printed the following article: ems; the Pmmem 0‘ 1031‘?“ and
Falls on your soft scaley back. Students at the University of Specmamve syntheﬂs 0f Some Of the
Lumps of meatball in the water Rhode Island were touched when ﬁndings 0f the several Selences‘
The best of food for our star board- they spotted a little piggy bank Rom” F' Kreegan' Assocmte Pro"
er. resting on the cash register at the fess“ or P 1111050th ’ is the “‘5th-
student union. tor.

In front of the bank was a sign French 10 is entitled “French Lit-
saying. “Save your Piggery! Donate erature in Translation." It is or-
to the Pigseryheclamation Fund!" ganized for those students who, be-
AD  0 Though there is no such fund - . - cause of a lack of proficiency in

  all leaSt not at the UniVEI'SltY .01 the French language, have been un-

Rhode Island . . . students contrib~ able to profit by contact with the

Pla I T,  “tea 5W0 donars- rich culture and intellectual history
y y “ "' "* of France. The course includes read-

, Tactics ings from Montaigne, Corneille, Ra-

Marilyn Erter 56, announces that “The toughest pass defense most cine, Moliere, Voltaire, Rousseau,
tryouts for the next set of Labora— football players face is put on by Hugo and Zola. This course is clos-
tory plays put on by the members their college professors." ed to majors and minors in French
of the Speech 112 class will be held lfrom the Minnesota Daily) and does not count toward comple-
for Wednesday, December 14, at 4  e a tion of the language requirement.
pm. in Draper 34.9. Nancy Gade ‘57, Dr. Edward P. Shaw. Professor of
will be directing scenes from Chris- French, is the instructor. It will,
tophel' Fry S A Phoenix' T00 'Fre- however. carry three hours credit in
quent and Marion Stern 57. will be the humanities area. This is a non-

 

Collegc Offers
Added Courses

Dirty Phi Sigs cannot shower
Noise might wake our little flower.
Why you hide when we come near

That New Look
My buddies called her chubby
And denounced her lengthy tresscs
They said she had a grubby taste

Thomas Haggan' The way she wore her hair

be presented on January 17. 1956 in But now my love is back in 1mm Delegales To COUHCil
tailed examination of problems con- Her hair . . . Just don't exist. Security Council meeting to be hem
upon the preparation of the direc- But I liked her better chubby States Charles Mch.g. v56_ Chan._
entation in the College's Laboratory And down with Chris D'Or Elected to represent. Albany State
lege Theatre. and will have opportu- Of the chubby doll you adore. . . . note Lee DeNike '59. State's dele-

presenting excerpts from Mr. Rob- I . S)E‘Ciﬂll7.e('l coursc
erts written by Joshua Logan and 9‘ ha“ Sll’IES. Suits and dresses. 1 ‘
liked the way she filled her skirt

Tryouts are open to all freshmen And when She went aW'aV it mm Forum Board Elects
and upperclassmen. The plays will pm. I'd really begun to éare
Draper 349. And -

get a load of this . . . - - ..

Advanced Dramatics gives a (10- Her figure‘s slimmer Iforly pounds! deiﬁed tiggnéeligiég mobile/Raﬁ:
fronting the actor, the director, and She‘s now the toast of buddies - ~
the stage technician with emphasis Who had last year called her square ghest'ylaglyle;:§l.lﬂlg,ve551%' 
tor‘s prompt book. Each student will Witl‘. lotsa hips and lotsa hair ~ v
direct a short production for pres- So come on fellas up in arms man or the Forum Board Of POMICS‘
Theatre, will .be assigned a produc- You might be in time to save the arc McHarg, Malcolm Rogers, Do-
tion staff pOSition in the State 001- charms minic DeCecco, Juniors, and alter-
nities for acting with the State 001- (from Tempo, Chicago Teachers gates will act as the Belgium lega-
lege Theatre. College.) tion to the Security Council.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9. 1935

   

 

Racing Repeat“

By JOE

Campus Commission, State's most
derided organization, decided at its
last meeting that prestige is their
chief problem at the present time.
It was pointed out that if Campus
Commission members were elected
by Student Association, the organ-
ization would gain the prestige they
so much desire. This reporter falls
to see how an SA election will gain
prestige for the group or regulate
the use of the Commons, lounge,
cafeteria. and mailboxes.

Communications . . .

I Continued from Page 2, Column 2)
it. To make matters worse. the ma-
terial on which we are tested is not
accessible for review of the picayune
points which all too frequently ap-
pear on the examinations.

But possibly the biggest obstacle
to a feeling of accomplishment is the
fact that the lessons cannot be
learned properly without practical
demonstrations or experience. I feel
that a burden of proof rests with
the administration and faculty.

I am sure that at least one ex-
perimental class in Education 20
could be established within the pres-
ent framework of hours to demon-
strate the validity of the principles
being taught. I have a plan to ac-
complish this which space does not
permit me to outline here. I would
like to hear how other people think
about this situation. Perhaps some
action can be taken to raise the
value and prestige of the education
courses from their present sad state.

Sincerely yours,
Gromo
Morton B. lless ‘57

To the Editor:

With our campuses spread
throughout the State, it is impossi-
ble for me and other members of
the State University central staff
to extend Christmas greetings to
you personally.

With the kindness of your col-
lege's newspaper editor, however, I

(Coulinucd on Pagc .7, Column/,I

SZAREK

We feel Campus Commission
should stop worrying about their
prestige and keep up the present
enforcement of their rules. It is not
unknown to anyone in this School
that the Commons and the cafeteria
are in a mess. We feel that if tn.
Commission's recent enforcing n:
their penalties is continued then
will be a change in the attitudes or
some of the great many uncoopcru
tive people at State. Keep up up
gestapo tactics for awhile and w
might one of these days walk illi-
the Commons and sit in a chair lllil
isn't sopped in coke!

The easiest solution to State‘s b.
mess is merely one of good manucr
but it seems that a great many i
the students on campus don‘t bclim.
in those radical things. Let‘s cm.
tlnue putting coke bottles on ll:
ﬂoor—it's fun to watch pcoplc l'lll
the gauntlet; let’s continue writin.
microscopic sized notes—what bctli-i
exercise is their than bending cm
to pick up a half inch square llol.
dated September fourth from tin
floor? Who knows, someday [In
State University may want to llllVl‘
an agricultural school here and a.
do have the facilities for the raisin
of one type of farm animal!

Campus Commission

Warns Two Ollenders

Paul Lewis '57. Chairman of Ho
Warning System of Campus Com
mission, announces that David Kcn~
dig '57, and Alan chiuc ‘58. llil\l'
received three minor or ouc llliIlI-i
warnings.

The regulations of Campus Coin
mission state that tlircc minor nl
lenses or one major ol‘fcnsc cousi.
lulcs the publication of tho (ill'l‘llllv
cr's name in the State College Ni-ws.
Two publications of the ])(‘l':~‘oll
name in the school papcr consliluli
removal of a selected school aclivux
from their tax card. Three Dublll'l
tions of the person‘s name cousii
tutes reference to the Dean will.
the rccommcndiilion for Sllnllellslml.
from school for one week.

 

 

When you’ve earned a “holiday”
And you take oﬁ’ to play...
Have fun the best way—have a CAMEL!

-Maltdtat’sl

It’s a psychological loci:
Pleasure helps your disposition.

If you’re a smoker, rcmcmbcr
—» more people got more
pure pleasure from Camels
than lrom any other cigorcllc!
No olher cigarette is so
rich-lusting, yet so mild!

u I 11m... .i Inl. in vm. hm «.nnin, 11.0.

   
   

 
  
  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9. 1955

  

PAGE 8

C

Korean Student Notes Similarity [W Ream“ State College News Celebrates
In American High School Set-Up

This week for our column we in-
terviewed Mr. Eun Chol Kim. a
Korean Grad student. Mr. Kim is
majoring in Education here at State.
While in Korea. he taught at the
junior high school level.

According to Kiln. as he prefers
to be called, the Korean school set-
up is very similar to that of the
United States. It is organized on a
6-3-3 basis with a grade school, a
middle high school and the high
school. Many of the courses pursu-
ed here by Kim are similar to those
studied at his university. Relations
between student and faculty are very
good due to the fact that most of
the time is spent in discussions with
the professors. Most of the sub-
jects followed at the university by
Koreans are of an academic nature;
at present, there is not too much
emphasis on the technological
courses in Korea. However. there is
somewhat of an increase in this
field as witnessed by the fact that.
there are two Korean students at
R.P.I.

Kim states that Christianity is
fast becoming the new religion in
Korea. About 35% of the people are
Christians; the Methodists lead and
are followed by Presbyterians and
Catholics in that order. In the rural
districts there are still some Con~
fuciusians. Kim seems to feel that
the Buddhist religion is breaking
down because of internal troubles
in the organization.

One of the outstanding social clif-
ferences noted by Kim was the idea
that Korean boys and girls do not
date as is done here. In fact, due
to cultural traditions. boys and girls
are separated somewhat until
marriage. They usually marry at the
completion of the college career.
More boys are educated in Korea
than are girls.

Kim states that his experience
here has been of invaluable aid to his
teaching. and upon completion of
his education here. he will return
to Korea and attempt to improve
his country‘s education administra-
lion-wisc.

Associate Editors lssue Report
On Collegiate Press Conference

By MARCIA LAWRENCE and RICHARD SAUER

Firc members of the State (‘ollcgc
News Board. Ailccn Coclu‘unc ‘56.
Editor, Mury Aim Schlollluiubcr.
Business-Advcrtlsiug Editor. Joni-p11
Swicrzowski. Sports Editor. Murcia
Lawrencc illl(l Richard Suucr, Asso-
ciate Editors. Juniors. utlcudcd the
Associated Collcuiuic Press Confor-
cncc in Dclroit thc wcckcud of
November 16. 17 and 18. Aftcr :1 ill
hour train trip we urrivcd ut llic
Statlcr Hotel and immcdlutcly
boarded buses for the Rivcr Route
Plant of tin- Ford Motor Company.
Here, as guests of Ford. wc tourcd
the as>cmblying and slccl plums.

Thursday night at the Stutlcr.
Mux Shulmau. Broadway playwright
gave a humorous ul‘icr-dimlcr talk
on. "So You Want. to Be a Writer.
You Fool You." The next morning
we began business meetings in carn-
est. The five of us attended discus-
sions on news coverage. and report-

Outing Club

Plans Excursion;

Outing Club plans to make two
trips in the hour l'uturc, according
to Susan Burnhart '56, Cliuirmuu
of the group.

The first cxcursiou is In lukc Illill'i'
this wcckcud. today, tomorrow. and
Sunduy. At this Limo. the club will
visit Wlillcl'ucc uud Eslllcr Molin-
tuins. bolli being loculcd in llll’ Ad-
irondacks. Miss Buruliurl status
that llic group will lcuvr- lomgli‘.
ultcr nuppcr and will >pcud Illi-
night ul llic ski dorms on Wlill.c—
l'ucc. ’I‘omorrow llu' group will lukc
during tlu- duy uiid spcud llic iiiglu
ul u it‘llll-iii oil llic rldgc bolwl'i'ii
Esllu-r und Wlulcl‘ucc. Au i-urly slurl
buck lo Albuuy Suiiduy in uiilu-lp-
utcd. l)r. it‘ugcnc Mcl.uri-u. Assisi—
uul Proli-ssor oi Cllcmislry. ulll
cliupcrouc llic group.

Outing Club is illsu planning .1
lch duy Clu'islmus lrip lo Ml. Murry
in NH“ Adlrouducks. ’l'lic mcmbcrs
inirllclpullug will lcuw Albuuy lic—
cl-iiibci' 17.

Dry skiing on llic Dorm l"l(‘l(l is
uu cvcul planned for lour hl'llluil
duys iicxt. wr-ck by (lullug Club
Auyoiu- lull-rcslcd is urgi-d to sign
the about on lllc ()ullug Club bul-
letin board in lower Hustcd. ’l‘iu-
tcnliitlvc scllcdulc for dry skiing is
Monday, 3:30 pm. ’l‘ucsiliiy. 2:30

pm. Wednesday, 3:30 pin, and
Thursday. 2:30 pm. Duvul Kll‘lllkl'

‘57. will be in charge.

lug. collcgc administration rclulloll-
ship, liuikc-up and typography and
l'catui'c writing.

As you muy be able to judge by
llllS lssuc of tho pupcr wc glccncd u
fcw idcus which wc are using in this
wcck‘s issuc of the News. First.
uolli-c our l'udicul photography dis-
pluy on pugc one. Oiic cdilor show-
cd us his paper with a picture
which covered ﬁvc columns on page
our and extended ovcr lhc live col~
umns on the lust page. In the make-
up clinic Professor Harold W. Wilson
of the School of Journalism of tlic
University 01' Minnesota, Minneapol—
is suggested that we use a 1‘: column
layout on page one. In general be
approved our present make-up.

in the lecture on feature writing
Gareth D. Hiebcrt, columnist l'or the
St. Paul Dispatch, recommended
that we have more l'caturcs. Consc—
qucntly we need more splice—est)
llicrc are eight pages today. Do you
want us to continue this culiirgcd
Notlcc our ilcw l'culurcs.
u sutirc in lust. wcck's lssue.
Education 21‘:, and our inter-
views with our forciin sludculs.
Now wc want. to begin :1 series on
points of lnlcrcsl. in school and
111011‘ rigulilcuiu-c. Look uch for u
l'culurc on Mlncrvu.

pupcr '.’

'l‘lic meeting on buslncs munugc-
inciil guvc us 21 chic us to how to
obluiu morc nulionul uds. Muybc
wilh lllcsc uild more moucy from
Sludcul. Asnociuliou wc cull l'llIllllllll‘
our clilil pugcs,

in lll.‘ (Iiscussrou on Collcgc Prcsu
uiid llll‘ Admliilslruliou lll(‘ (llSl'lIh-
>lllll movcd f'll])l(ll)‘ lulo uu upprulsul
of faculty udvlsors. Surprisingly ll
wus disml'crcd thul. u low of lllc
lilI'LH' dlillys llll(l fut-ully supcrvlslou
uud cvcu morc surprisingly llli‘ stu-
dculs from ouc Uulvcrslly in pur-
lli-ulur dcl'cudcd llicm us u uci-csslly.
ilowcvcr llic lurgc iuujorlly dccuicd
llu'm uiliicccssury. ()ll l.lic puucl
which lcd llic (llSl‘lISSllill wi-rc llu‘cc
lui-ully I'i'lll‘l‘Hl‘lllilli\'l‘S. Iii ouc m-
slulu'i- Llic ll(l\'l.\lll‘ from Wuyiu- Um—
\l~rslly lul'crrcd lliul. llic sludculs,
who in u ycur will be out 111 llu-
world. urc uol. sul'llcli-ully uwuri- ol
rl-spoiiSibillly lo ili'l‘l‘]ll llll' lusk oi
publlsluuu u pupcr. ’l‘lils sumo ulcu
wus |lill'l'llll'll by llic SillIli‘lll..\ l'roul
llll‘ llulvcrsily of Muiml.

llllWl‘H‘l'. most sludl-uts pi'cscul
did not follow [his luu- of rcusomug
ulid llic (li'lllllA’ luid bci'oinc lllli‘llhl'
yl-l quicl. wlicli llu- nit-cling was
formal to climb (luv to “HIV.

Agulu us ul. ollu-r coiilcrciu-cs
b‘liilc (.‘ollcgc l'illl lch broud that
our administration respects the inn-
lurity uud liilcllccl. of its sludrnis
to allow lllcm frccdom to guldc lliclr
own activitlcs.

By DAVID KENDIG

One of the most amazing books
to be published this year, or any
year is John Malcolm Brlnniu's Dy-
lan Thomas in America. In it, Brin-
nin. who was mainly responsible for
bringing Thomas to America relates
the strange and tragic story of the
tortured Welsh poet who gave us
“After the Funeral.” “A Winter's
Tale," and “Fern Hill.” Admirers of
Thomas. will criticize the sometimes
brutal characterization, of Thomas.
his life and his family. His wife.
frankly terms Brlnnin‘s account a
lie. On the whole. however. students
in English and related fields owe it
to tlumsclvcs not to miss what may
develop to be the controversial
book of the year in the intellectual
circles. Told in an honest. forth-
right manner, this autobiography of
sorts paints an amazing picture, and
one that will stay with the reader a
long time.

Admirers of the spoken word will
enjoy the inuny recordings that
Thomas has mudc reading his own
works. They are well done, the
sound is good. and Dylan Thomas
makes his poclry spring to life in
lhcm.

Magazine of the Month

The new magazine of tlic month
is The National Review. “u wcckly
journal of curran opinion." It is
dcslgnrd to prcscnt the conservative
side on current issues. which is in
itself not :1 bad idcu. but. us is so
often tho CilliC‘ in political mogu-
zincs. it goes so far off to one side.
that. llil‘ result is whut. can only be
lcrnu-d u somcwliul pcrvcrtcd and
illogizul viewpoint. on cvcrytliing
from politics to luzlnoscxmility. The
cdllmr is William Buckley. who
ucliicved Hilllt‘ sort of u. succcss us
uli cducutlonal theologian in mat-
lcrs couccrniug Yale University
some time ugo. it seems to be any-
thing from against the Lcuguc of
Women Votcrs to (lcncvu. the Eis-
cnllowcr udmiuistrutlon. and of
course, "liberals." The word libcrul,
corcrs u nuiltiludc of sins and en-
compasscs anyone who voted for
either party's presidential candidate
since 1940. To help in explaining
what u liberal is. an "cxposc"
published each week titled “The
Libcrul Linc." to kccp us informed
on their activities. which they clcur-
ly rcgiird us Mllllt‘wl'illt subvcrsivc.
ll docs liuvc sonic kind words to
say uboul u fcw Dcmocruls. in one
ls>uc lhcy oil‘cr a weak apology for
one Eugene Tulinudgc. un cx-gov-
(ruin of Gcorglu wlio uchlcvcd sonic
notoricly us dcmugoguc about lwcu-
ly yours ago. The muguzlni‘ sccnis
drslincd to full cuptlvc. us so many
olhcr conscrrulivc mcusurcs llilVC.
to illogical viewpoint. and fascist
icndcmlcs. No one will doubt tlic
lll‘l‘fl for u conscrvullvc jouriiul, but
it is not us (lcspcrulc us The National
ul Revicw would liul'c us think. Tlll‘
llcursl pupcrs still socm to bc pub—
lishing, ’I‘lic udvlcc is lo rcud llicsc,
llll' urgumculs sccm lo bc :1 little
morc vulld llu-rc, liIllll in Tim Na-
liunul lit-view.

m.

Now Recordings

’l‘licrc urc S()llll‘ bcuulllul rccords
on llic murki-l llus month. which
should uol bc ll\'l‘l‘l(llll(i'(l. Bl‘l'illo-
\cii‘s most coulrorcrsiul work, ulid
l bcllcvc his most sigull'lcuul. "’l‘lic
lu‘roicu Symphony" lius bci-u rl-lcuncd
in u liuigulilccnl rcndlllon by Bruno
Wullcr on RCA Victor. As in llic
cusc oi Ilthl licw rccords. you might
liuvc to limit urouud lo lllul llic
Iiumc of tho work on tho ulblliii.
nud llllll'(‘(l you might llkc llll' ul-
bum l;cl.lcr lliuu lllc rccord, when
you lluully pluy it. bill. it is wr-ll
worlli uuy llHi.(‘|llIll.’, l'll’orl. For up-
l'l‘ll lo\'l'i'~. itCA's rccoi'diug ol Cur—
uu-li ulid Aldu will rculllrm your
lo_\ully us uollilug clsc cull. ’i‘lli-
spoilt-ii word is wcll rcprcsciilml iii
an RCA I‘l'—l'l'l'lil'(lt'(l vcrnlou ol' ()ll-
vii-r‘s "llumlcl" uiid "ill-iu'y IV." 'l‘ou-
cuiuiliii culluisiusls l'iill l'l'_]lil('l' li\'l‘l'
u out l\\'l)-I‘l‘i'lll‘(l ulbulu of his or-
t-licslru luvorllcs. Musli- lovi-rs who
l'l‘(llhi‘()Vl‘l‘l'(l (lliiibricr's “lilspullu” lust
wcck wlu-li ll. was played in llllt'
lusllioii by llic All Htulc ()rclu‘sli'ii
cull llllll u good rcl-orduig ol it on
Mcrci'ry. Cupllol's rccordlilg ol llic
“I‘i'LllUVl'Il "Violin Concerto" in llic
ilucsl 1 lilch yet board. The sound
is cxccllcul on all of them! records,
and they should make lliic Christ-
uuls prcscuts.

Thirty Ninth Year Ol- Publication

By THOMAS SMITH ’57, Feature Editor

Dearie—do you remember when?
This week we have searched the
files from the beginnings of the
State College News up to the present

Communications . . .

(Continued front Page 1,, Column 1,)

am happy to take this opportunity
to wish all of you a very blessed
Christmas. Those of you who have
worked hard thUS far in the college
year deserve the relaxation and mer-
rimcut the Yuletide vacation brings.

Best wishes for a very Happy New
Year, tool

William S. Carlson,
President.
To the Editor:
Not since Justine and Candide
have I enjoyed such poignant irony
as that found in the lead editorial
of the News, December 2. 1955. A
minor satirical masterpiece, effectu-
ally heightened by contrasting frag-
ments of realism.
Appreciativcly yours.
Richard Parker '57.

To the Editor:

Open letter to Student Association—

This Friduy inuugurutcs the cam-
paign for Wiutcrludc. Publicity,
bids, special advertising and the
music of Tommy Tucker all will ap-
pear today to remind you that Jun. 6
is drawing ucur.

We've done u gent dcul of work in
the past i'cw wccks for this dance.
Wc think you‘ll like the Shaker
Ridge Country Club. I‘m u nutirc
Albanian, and consider it one of the
best available locations for a formal
that I'vc sccn in the urea. Granted
you may feel it's quite ii way from
hcrc. but actually it's no further
than the Clrclc lim. whcrc lust
year's Wlulcrludc was held.

We bcllcvc that in Tommy Tuckc.
we have the best available band that
we could afford. Last year we stop-
ped up the ladder and brought to
you a name band, and this year we
are following the sumo procedure.

To me. Wintcrludc has always
bccn "Lhc" dance at. school. I'd like
to see it contiuuc that way. But. in
the final analysis, what 1 think
doesn‘t count. What you think is
what really matters.

As has so often happened this
your. I find myself in the position
of saying, “It‘s up to you". The
question of whether or not Wintcr-
ludc is u sucross now pusscs from
our hands to yours. We've done
cvcrylliingl possible lo make this
dance what we think you‘ll like.
We've got our fool. in the door; all
you have to do is opcn it the rest
of thc way!!! Thanks.

(‘o-(‘lniirmiui, Winterludc
Dick 'l‘iiiiipp

Closs Presidents

time. The News was started in 1916
and the first issue came out on Oc-
tober 4 of that year.

The first paper carried this quot-
able quote: “When the sun goes
down on Delmar, life begins in Al-
bany.“ That year also saw the larg~
est frosh class up to that time—330.
One of the Kolletch Kolyum con-
tributions was:

“And then I‘ll teach. teach, teach
Ten per is all I hope to reach.

It costs nine dollars to board
That leaves me one. good Lord
I'll need to save for fifty years
To buy me a Ford."

Since that time the ten per has
gone up and I would venture it
would take a little longer than fifty
years.

When the United States entered
the war, many of the students left
to volunteer for officer duty; one
of these men was Eldred Potter. who
died in the service.

The “roaring twenties" saw the
organization of a State Humor Mag-
azine which was warned against us-
ing the popular topic of that time—
prohibition. The cover carried a pic-
ture of a foaming glass of beer.
Their motto was: “Without the pret—
zel the kick is lost." About the same
your thch appeared in the news an
ad for Socket Shoes. The ad advised
“that if ladies would only use just
ordinary discretion they wouldn‘t
have to worry about their arches."
These shoes were nifty little mim-
bers with round toes which laced
halfway up the leg. They weren‘t.
cndorscd for formal occasions. but
-urricd trcmendoua possibilities for
ordinary weur around campus. In
1924, through thc efforts of the
State College News, a Directory
Board was elected, and in 1925 a
survey was conducted by the News
concerning girls smoking. The com-
mcnts ranged from “it looks like
the deuce" to “it‘s just more ex—
pense to the men."

The “305" seemed to bc a rather
cynical age. as evidenced by some
of the articles appcuring in the
News at this time. Complaining
about the lack of spirit in the Soph—
omore class, one student suggested
that the Prom be held in the Activ-
ities Office and music be provided
by the College Victrola. The idea
of having a personal interview as
an admission requirement was also
brought forth at this time. The
Class of 1942 was the first class sub-
ject to this process.

To accommodate the returning
Gl's from World War II, the Belle-
volcnt Association of State College
purchased a new dorm in 1946. To-
day this dorm is Van Derzcc Hall.

As for the fifties I thought I
Would lcuvc it for posterity.

Announce Plans

For Annual Jonuory Banquets

Claus officcrs uimouncc ilic plans
for llic uiuuuil cluss banquets which
arc to bc licld January 7.

'I‘lu- class of '56 will hold tiicir
bunuucl. this your at O'Collnor's
ltcsluurulll. uunounccs Mury Brcxuy
Cllllll‘lllllll. Tickets will go on sulc
this Monday.

l u i'luss incl-Ling Tucsduy mum
in Brubuclicr the Seniors discussod

Committee Piclcs Script
For All-College Revue

TM All Collcgc llcvuc Cominlllcc
unnouuccs that an original script
lius bccu clioscu for llils ycur's pro-
duction. "It's u Social Thing." by
Rlcliurd Bi‘lllldlll '57, got-s iulo rc-
lu-ursul llmncdiulcly following llu-
Clirlsiuuis vucullou with tryouts for
sliigcrs uud iu-lors sciicdulcd for
’l‘ucsduy uiid chucsduy, January
3 our. A1. at llrubuclicr, beginning
promptly ul. 7 |).Lll. liilcrcslcd incin-
I)l‘l'b‘ of ill] clusscs ul'c urgcd lo Il'_\'
out

Iii-uudlii will dirccl this yciir's
show which will Iculurc original
music by Jack Erllc illl(l Christian
liclu', Sophomorcs. ’l‘lu- show is
scheduled to bc prosculcd in Page
llull on March ii.

types of graduation spcakcrs. and
the final arrangements will be made
by Sigmund Smith. President, and
Evan R. Collins. Prcsidcut of the
college. Graduation announcements
wcrc also chosen. This your the class
will buy the ulmounccnu-nts from
Busiiim Brothers. and the procedure
for ordering llicln will bc given in
liic near future.

l-icrbcrl's will be the location of
llic class of ‘57 bunqucl, announces
Mlcluu-l Muxlun, Vlcc-Prcsidcul. The
exact. cosl of lhc tickets will be dc-
cidcd on in u class mccting this
Tuesday lit 10 ".111. in Room 200.
The speaker for the bunqucl. will be
Lotlnir Scliullzc. Assistant Prol‘cssor
of Sclcncc.

Joscpli Burton, Vice-President,
stulcs lhul. lhc buuqucl of the class
of '58 will take place at Jack's Oy-
slcr Hullhl‘, 42 Stulc Strccl. Edward
Surgcul, Assistant Professor of Ed—
ut-ulioii. will be the speaker. The
price of tickcls will be $1.75.

’l‘lic class of '59 will hold their
buuuucl ul Puucilu's Restaurant in
Mciumds. 'l‘ickcls will go on sale
chucsdiiy and Thursday. an~
nouiiccs David Youst, Class Vice-
Prcsidoul. The price is to be decid-
ed on in class meeting this 'hicsduy.
Paul Bruce Pellll. Associate Profes—
sor of English, has ucccplcd the
speaking position.

 

