 

PAGE 2

Victory or Detect?

Student Council Wednesday evening defeated the
resolution regarding Religious Clubs presented by Debate
Council. Their decision was a wise one, seen from our point
of view. In making it they upheld our freedom of assem-
blage by declaring no organization, regardless of its na-
ture, could have the right to stand above all others and
take precedence over them. Had they set a precedent by
declaring Religious Clubs deserving of the right to meet
exclusively on one night, they would have been swamped
with identical requests from all other organizations on
campus.

It was interesting to note the active participation in
the discussion of all the members of Counc11. Almost every-
one had something worthwhile to say and were not afraid
to speak up. On the other hand, the absence of discussion
from members of Debate Council and Religious Clubs was
quite noticeable. For two groups so strongly in favor of
this resolution they offered little defense. This fact was
also pointed out by a few Council members at the time.

This resolution, with Council’s recommendation for
defeat, will come before the Legislature at it’s first meet-
ing, Friday, October 21. The representatives from the or-
ganizations and classes will be asked to vote upon this. It
is a vital question—the passage of which would restrict
our freedom of choice and freedom of assemblage. We
strongly urge the representatives to think it over very
carefully and vote wisely, according to the wishes of your
group. You are responsible to them, and are entrusted
with their vote, a precious thing. Be sure you are thinking
of them and how the consequences of such a resolution
would affect them.

Down To The Sea In Ships . . .

Today the Campus Chest Drive will be launched in
assembly—to continue throughout next week. The goals
are worthwhile; the contribution asked is small in com-
parison. The money earned will go to benefit WSSF, Na-
tional Scholarship and Service for Negro students, Univer-
sity of Athens, and National Negro College fund, organ-
izations that have aided many students in the past.

Put yourself in the position of a person who has no
means whatsoever to enter college, and think how much
a scholarship would mean to you. Then think of yourself
in college here, maybe paying your own way, and realize
how lucky you are to be here at all. We’re sure you will
have no trouble reaching down into that pocket and giv-
ing the Campus Chest representative your contribution.

It won’t do you any harm to go without those cokes
for a few afternoons or that movie tonight. It means so
little to you, in the long run, and so much to someone you
will be helping. Let’s push Campus Chest over its goal this
year—Sink the Boat!!

Choose Wisely . . .

Tomorrow, frosh, you will be faced with a hard choice.
A great number of organizations of varied natures will be
vying for your name on the doted line. All organizations
need members and workers, and they are always looking
for new ones to maintain the activities of the club.

All these organizations are very appealing and offer
great temptations and rewards to frosh. Freshmen are
usually tempted into signing up for every organization
available, instead of thinking it out carefully and consid-
ering just which ones they are interested in and for which
they would be willing to spend their time.

You frosh have been received by all these organiza-
tions and by now have fairly good ideas on which is for
you. Take a little time to think it over before tomorrow
morning and don’t rush into something for which you
may be sorry later.

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY i916

BY THE CLASS OF 1916

 

First Place CSPA Second Place ACP
VOL. XXXX ()ctober 7, 1055 No.16

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from 7 to
11 pm at 2—3320, Ext. ll. i'lioni-s Cof'lll'dlll', 271030. Sun-rmwskl, ‘J-(l74-i. (ioldhiclil,
2-26l2, Kendlg, 5'0021.

The undergraduate uewapaper of the New York Btilte College for Teachers;
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student
Association.

AILEEN COCIIBANI - - - - . . ..
ESTHER GOLDH'I'EIN ‘ . .

DAVID KENIHG - -

RITA LAMHOGLIA - . -
MARY ANN SCIIIA)TTIIAIIItElt
JOYCE MEYERMAN - -
MARCIA LAWRENCE
MATTHEW OBTOYICH - - - - - . . .

- - Editor-ln-Ohie!
Co-l'ubile lteiutlous Editor
Cu-l'ubllc Itclutloliu I'ldltur
(,‘o-IiusiucsaAdvertising Iidllor
(.‘o-iiudimes-Advertising Editor
- - Circulation Editor

- Associate Editor
Associate Editor

RICHARD BAUER - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor
JOSEPH BWIEBZOWSKI - ' - ' ' - - - -- Sports Editor
DOROTHY RASMUHSEN - v f - i - - - Senior Sports Editor
JOHN KNAH‘ - - - - fits" Photon-plan

ll communications should in: uddrcssco in rat minor and must be signed. Names
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no respoxmlbility for
opinions expressed In its columns or communications, as such cxpresuiona do not,
necessarily reflect its views.



 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, OCTOBER ‘7. 1955

 

 

| KW KM

Guinness Stays

If you didn't get to see “To Paris
With Love,” Alec Guinness’ whimsi-
cal film, you still have a chance,
it's being held over at the Delaware.

Classic At Palace

If you've ever read “The Odyssey,"
and felt that there was room for
improvement, you’ll probably want
to see how Hollywood has taken
that old yarn and made something
really new and different out of it.
The finished product is called,
“Ulysses,” and stars Kirk Douglas
and Silvana Mangano. You‘ll see the
Cyclops (the one with the eye), love—
ly sirens, and the fall of Troy, too,
and all in technicolor. Is this some-
thing anyone can afford to miss?
It’s at the Palace.

Indians At The Grand

There's another DeMille movie at
the Grand. This time it’s “Uncon-
quered." Watch Gary Cooper and
Paulette Goddard outwit the In—
dians at every turn. It’s one of those
“cast of thousands" things and most
of it dies before the end.

War At Strand

This weekend the Strand is feat-
uring two hours of endless heroism.
The movie is called “To Hell and
Back," and stars Audie Murphy,
“America's most decorated hero," in
his own true story. You're sure to
cry.

Webb At Madison

If you like “Dragnet” and jazz,
“Pete Kelly's Blues,” should be all
you could ask for. Ella Fitzgerald
and Peggy Lee do the singing while
Jack Webb clips every word.

 

C’owmunicalamd

To the Editor:

Firstly, we would like to take is-
sue with last week's editorial about
the Debate Council Resolution on
Religious Clubs' meeting nights. The
majority of SA does not have a
copy of the resolution and derives
their infonnation primarily from
the News. Therefore, it seems to us
that along with the editorial dis-
cussion, it would have been fair and
only accurate reporting to _)rmt the
entire resolution as presented.

 

We attempted to weigh the edi-
torial objectively, concerning rela-
tive amount of fact and hypothesis.
The editorial states the resolution
is unfair to some organizations, iii-
cluding Debate Council. Yet is was
Debate Council, and not the roll-
gious clubs, that originated the pro-
posal. We maintain that religious
clubs do have a right to come to
Council and support the resolution,
although they are not under the
SA budget. They are an integral
part of State, they have us much
right to come to Council with :1
problem as they have to be included
in the Frosh Handbook or Activities
Day doings.

Secondly, we would like to express
our opinion of the motion. The re-
quest for setting aside tWo Thurs-
duy evenings is nothing new and
unprecedented. It is El rcqucst for
the rc-estnblishmcnt of u tradition
that prcvuilcd before most of us
come to State. That Tlllil‘>(lll)'
nights were traditionally licld opcli
for religious clubs is to us on im-
poi'luiit point. Admittedly oliicr and
\‘cry vifnl mcctings lli‘t’ licld Thurs-
duy nights. If npproxiiiintcly an
hour of the first and third ’f‘hursduy
of thc month wcrc i'cscrvcd for l‘c-—
ligious mcciings, pcrhups conflict
could b:- lcsscncd. Organizations
which llll't't only oiicc or twice a
month u'ould know which nights
are lll()l'(‘ opcn, other organizations
could mch after 8:30.

We bclicvc this qucstion should
to prcsciilid to the ciitirc SA. 'i‘hcir
positive attitude Would be u (ll-sir-
ubic outcomc of llic (llﬁi'lih:=l()ll.
Wllf'i.llt'l‘ lhc proposui is udoplcd or
not, thosc invoring llic lill‘u cull
Luke two uclioiis; clicourugc iill lhc
religious clubs to nicct thosc two
’lhui'sduy nights; rcconuncnd Io ihc
organizations of which lhcy iirc
mcmbcrs ullcrnollvc incclnn; limes.

Ann Itanimcr '50
Iii-mice ()‘t‘oniior '57

gamma-Slates

By TINAPI’ and DEVINE

   

NEVER HAVE SO FEW DONE SO LITTLE FOR SO MANY

A week ago today, the students of State College were taken for a
ride on a railroad that would make the New York Central binsh with
envy. We don’t intend to convey any idea of illegality. What we ques-
tion is the ethics upon which this railroad was run. We do not believe
it is ethical for the leaders of our student government to appealingly
ask the freshman class not to be so selfish as to defeat a motion in
order to retain its vote, or to use their positions of leadership to sway
the fresh point of view at a dramatic moment when any rebuttal is
absolutely impossible. The simple act of relinquishing the gavel does not
alter the prestige which a President has with the freshmen, since he is
still, naturally, regarded by them as the epitome of student government.
If we may quote from Mr. Betscha's copy of Robert‘s Rules of Order:

"The chairman sometimes calls a member to the chair and takes
part in the debate. This should rarely be done, and nothing can justify
it in a case where much feeling is shown. . . . If the chairman has even
the appearance of being a partisan, he loses much of his ability to con-
trol those who are on the opposite side of the question. . . . One who
expects to take an active part in debate should never accept the chair,
or at least should not resume the chair, after having made his speech,
until after the pending question is disposed of. . . . The chairman should,
of all members, have the least to say upon the merits of pending ques-
tions.” (Emphasis supplied by us.)

For these reasons, regardless of the legality of the proceedings, we
do not consider them in any way, shape or form, ethical, and although
we feel representative government has yet to prove itself, it certainly
did not have an auspicious beginning!

N0 GAME TODAY!

Hosanna iii the highest. The cooperative Co-op labored throughout
the week to post the ball scores, and wonder of wonders, who do you
think won???? We understand some foreign country along the Atlantic
held a brief celebration Tuesday evening. THIS IS NEXT YEAR!!

WE DID

A full week has passed since lust week, and we are confused and

disheartened to note that our demand for colored beaiiies has not been

fulfilled. However, if you will note: another rivalry tradition has, in

effect, gone down the drain. where and how will the Soph-Frosh debate
be given? There should be an exceedingly dramatic challenge without
a stage or a freshman stacked balcony. NEVER let it be said that we
told you so, BUT . . .
TO THE VICTOR

Would like to see a real mob at Bleecker Stadium tomorrow after-
noon when Couch Garcia unveils for the first time at home, his ‘55
edition of State College hooters. Never has Garcia failed to provide us
with a scintillating and exciting ball club. Let‘s give them the support
they so richly deserve.
BELONG 'I‘IIE SI'OILS

Strike it rich in the cafeteria next week every day around noon or
one o‘clock. Bidding promises to be fast and furious with such exciting
items being auctioned. When we heard that the Saylesmen, Jane White-
hurst, and Jan Champagne were on the block we broke open our pigg
banks and slot machine concessions, and armed with a mountain of
nicklcs and dimes, marched on N.Y.S.C.T. You can imagine our dis
illusioiimeiit to discover that these offers were available only to group
houses. Oh well, we'll keep trying. Guess we can pick up some delica-
cies from Miss Hopkiiis' oven. any way.
POT I’OURRI

NB. . . . the channel No, 5 point in 3rd floor Draper . . . hot dogs
every day in the cafeteria . . . H. Truman today in the Armory . . . new
look for English Evening . . . green Isorta) couch in Bru’s lower lounge

. . new face with whiskers at the Phi Delta house . . . new fresh rivalry

leaders.
ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE AGE

Carol Cristie ‘59. commuter, now stands alone, unequalled, unparallel-
ed, uiidaunted. She has the dubious distinction of being the only fresh-
man with two Warnings. Congratulations Soplis for your spectacular
alertiiessll

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7

7:00 pm. Outing Club Excursion, chnc Lake, Adirondacks.
SATURDAY, ()("l‘()ﬂER 8

9:30 uni. Activities Diiy, Asscii‘ibly, Page Gym.

12:30 pm. Bonner Ccrcmony, Paige Gym.

2:30 pin. State vs. Hillycr, Blccckcr Stadium.

7:30 pm. Sophomore Skit, Page Gym.

8:30 pm. Bonfire, Page Field.

0:00 pm. Duiicc, Brubnchcr Dining Room.

’l‘l'ESlMY, OCTOBER ll

7:00 pm. Senior Class Meeting, Bl"lil)il('llt'l‘ Govci'niiicnt Room.
7:30 pin. Psychology Club Meeting, Brubnchcr.

H:i;0 p.m. Druiliuiics llll(l Art Council, Draper, 349.
WEDNESDAY ()("I‘OBICR 12

8:00 pm. English Evcning, Bl’illlilf'lii‘l'. upper loungc.

 

 

 

 

 

Remus

"I can lick anybody at this bar!”

 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER '7. 1955

PAGE ‘3

 

 

Myskanis Selects Frosli Leaders; 40w“? 4“: ’55StudentlnsurancePoiicy

interprets Constitution Article VIII Mm,“ J‘ Pryor “mm m

At its meeting Tuesday night,
Myskania selected the frosh leaders
for Rivalry events and also ruled
an interpretation of a section of the
Constitution regarding the new form
of representative government.

The following freshmen have
been chosen as leaders for Rivalry
events: Men's Softball, David Ferris;
Women's Softball, Verity Pulliam;
Debate, Corinne Marro. Serving on
the Banner Committee are James
Owens, Zacharie Clements, Johii
Yager, and David Pitkin.

Sigmund Smith, Chairman of the

Greeks . . .

(Continued. [mm Page 1, Column 3)

Open house for all faculty and
students will be held at the Alpha
Pi Alpha fraternity house at 765
Madison Avenue from 3 to 6 pm.
The fratei‘iiity's officers include;
Whitson Walter, President; Bruce
Wise, Vice-President; Willard Mon-
sell, Athletic Director, Juniors; J0—
seph Cui‘ley ’57, Social Chairman.

Kappa Beta‘s open house will be
Sunday from 3 to 6 pm. at 471 State
Street, announces Livingston Smith
‘56, President. Richard Clifford '57,
is general chairman of the event.

Pledge Service was held for Su-
sun Leiter ’57, and Maryann Erin-
lich '58, by Chi Sigma Theta Moli-
day evening.

Jane Whitehurst ’56, Gamma
Kappa Phi‘s President, announces
that the group will have open house
for RPI tonight. Ann Nelson ’57,
was elected athletic director of the
sorority.

Miss Neumeister appointed the
following officers of Psi Gamma:
Joan Kopcza ‘58, and Nora Hanlcy
'57, Co-chuiriiien of supplies, Shir-
ley Human ‘56, news director. Newly
elected officers are: Kerry Aiin
White, sports director; Jody Ambro-
sino. songleader; Mary Lou Meiscr,
Sophomores.

President Barbara Salvatore '50,
of Kappa Delta announces last
week's election results as: Miss
Stcvcns, rush captain; Barbara Du-
moni, scrgcaiit-ut—nrms; Evelyn
Kenyon, supplies officer, Juniors.

Phi Delta elected Dorothy Alford
’57, Co-rush cuptuin, announces
Jean Hzillenbcck '50, President.

Residence Halls
Elect Officers

Elections were held iii. the first
Residence Hall mcctiiigs of the
year.

The officers of Ridge House for

the first semester are: Samuel
Samuelson, Presidcnt; Richard
Carey, Secretary; Albert Tuttlc,

’I‘rcusurer, and Jcromc Davie and
Robert Fiei'i'o, Atlilciic Directors,
freshmen.

Newman Hull elcctcd represmitzi—
lives to its Executch Bourd. Dc-
loi'cs Russcll was clccfcd freshman
representative and Marie Colno ’58,
uppcrclnssmnn rcprcscnlutivc. Nor-
mit Pomi '59, was chosen Sports
Captain.

’I‘hui'lnw Hull‘s new officers are
Slicilu Monnhnn, Prcsidciit; Rose-
innry Siiiitonicolii, Vice-President,
Sopholiioi'cs; Julia Pil'cr, Sccrcinry;
Murthu Wolf, Songlcudcr, and Whil—
frcd Young, Sports Director, frcsh-
mcn,

Summiti. Housc clcclcd Clinton
Curpcnicr. Prcsidcni; Richurd Pow-
cll, Vicc—Prcsidcnl, Juniors; (lino
Siiycslri ‘56, Scci'clury; Richard
(lodriiligiiin '57, 'l‘rcumlrci'. Doliuld
Cunonicu, (irud, is Counsclor.

Red Cross To Host
Activities Conference

Slide will hc liic locnlion of the
unnunl collcgc Aclivilics (toiiicrcncc
of Ncw York Siiilc on ()cloiici' Ell
und 2!). Aclivc llli‘llllii'l'n of iiic post
und oliicrs iiilci’cmicd nrc urged lo
ulicnd lhc nicciing ill the Allil'l'li'liil
iti-d (‘ross (‘iiuplcr llillihi’, ii illogic-
wood How, or conlucl .iuck iiigliuui
'57, l’ri-rldcni of lhc orgunizulion,
through siudcnl nuui.

'l‘hroughoul lhc coilcgc ycnr. slu—
dcnis ill this orguni/nllon lnkc purl
lll li'i'l' i'lilSM'h‘, pi‘cscnling such us-
iccls as swimming, nutrition, illlil
hoiiic. nursing.

Rivalry Committee, has announced
the calendar of Rivalry events. De-
bate Challenge will be this morning
in assembly, and Sing Challenge
will be next Friday, October 14. On
Saturday, October 15, the men’s
and women's softball games will be
contested. The push ball game is
scheduled for Saturday, November
12. On Campus Day, Saturday, No-
vember 19, a trophy will be award-
ed to the winners of Rivalry.

The Myskania ruling interprets
Article VIII, Section 4, parts 5 and
6, to mean permanent offices. iiot
temporary offices, as the office of
representative to the representative
government would be.

Article VIII, Section 4, parts 5
and 6 read as follows:

5. Acceptance of appointment to
this commission (Election) is agree-
ment that the Senior members are
not eligible to run for any office ex—
cept Myskania, after their accept-
ance of the appointment, and may
not become eligible if they resign.

6. Any Junior member of the
commiSsion who becomes a candi-
date for another office shall be re-
placed immediately.

fessor of Physics; Richard A. Jon-
gedyk, Associate Professor of Phy-
sics; Robert P. Lannl, Assistant Pro-
fessor of Chemistry; Lothar W.
Schultze, Assistant Professor of
Science; Dr. Carleton Moose, Pro-
fessor of Education; Dr. Charles
Andrews, Professor of Physics; and
R. J. Talham, Grad, are attending
the meetings of the New York State
Section of the American Physical
Society at Clarkson College, Pots-
dam, New York, today and tomor-
row.

Paul Bruce Pettit, Associate Pro-
fessor of English (Theatre), will be
one of the principal speakers at
the annual meeting of the New York
State Community Theatre Associa-
tion at Cornell University in Ithaca
this weekend (Friday through Sun-
day). Dr. Pettit will speak on "How
to Act for the Arena Theatre."

Pettit has also been appointed
Technical Editor of Players Maga-
zine, a national monthly publica-
tion serving the needs of the the-
atre and related fields with editorial
offices in Gaiiiesville, Florida.

6a MW emf/1W Regulator“

An addition to the Campus Com-
mission Rules which were published
last week concerning the issuaiices
of warnings to violators of any of
the Campus Commission Rules.

Article VI ifrom the CC Cori-
stitution) :

Section 1:

Warnings shall be issued to vio-
lators of Regulations by Campus

DE Club Will Meet
To Discuss Field Trip

The Distributive Education Club
will hold a meeting on Friday, Oc-
tober 13, at 10 am. in Room 147, of
New Draper. Plans will be discussed
concerning the trips and other no—
tivitics of the club.

Edsoii Travis '57, Vice-President,
announces that the field trip will
be postponed until November 16.

All Commerce majors. especially
those miiioriiig iii Distributive Edu—
cation, are urged to attend this
meeting.

The purposes of the DE. Club are
to exchange ideas, develop leader-
ship aiid stiliiulutc a professional
attitude. Some of the major activ—
ities include a merchandising clinic,
and trips to various retail business
houses. Mcrnbership is open to any
student who is interested in Distrib-
utive Education.

Campus Chest...

(Continued from Page 1, Column ll)

Jiimcs Lockhart, Juniors. A fifteen
piccc orchestra under the baton of
Pnync will provide the music for
the evening. Admission to the (lunce
will be fliirty-fivc cents. Two into
half hours will be uuctioiicd off
during the intermission at the
dance.

As cuch group housc contributcs
one hundred pci'ccnt to the di'ivc,
they will be plnccd on the ship'..
(USS. Goodwill) rostci' and llli‘fy'
will incrcuSc thc smoke in the
smokcslnck which is sci. up in the
Husch Cui'cicriu, slrcss thc Misscx
Hull and Villl Vluck

Studcnl. solicilnllon is undcr lh‘
direction of Bruno llodgcrs nnd fuc-
ully solicitation is bcing chulrninn-
ncd by Burburu l)il\’lS, Juniors.

Lloyd Seymour ‘58, is trcusui'cr
for the drive nnd licliyc Sigcly '57,
is sccrclni'y. Dr. Colby is the l'ncully
ndviscr.

Wilson To Play . . .

IConlmucd yiom Mtge 1, Column 2)

in (pine sonic tinic.

In ()clobcr thc ’l‘cddy Wilson
liund hcgilis if [our of the lfusl
()ousl, 'I‘hc Junior Cluss hus liccn
vcry fortunulc lll obluinlng llic
'l'cddy Wilson liund for thc Junior
l’riui on Friday, Novcinbci' A, ul llic
(‘irclc Inn. 'i‘hc Junior ClliSh‘ lli’lii’H‘n
[hill in bringing this llllllfl to you,
it brings u bund dcslincd for grcuiv
ncss, pcrhups thc grcuicst lllliill chr
to piny nt Stuic (Iollcgc.

Commission members and try-outs.
These warnings shall be as follows:

a. Campus Commission members
llI'E to fill in the designated forms.

Section 2: Penalties:

1. Three minor offenses or one
major offense constitutes the publi-
cation of the offender‘s name in the
State College News.

2. Two publications of the person's
name in the school paper consti-
tutes removal of a selected school
activity from their tax card.

3. Three publications of the per-
son’s name constitutes reference to
the Dean with the recommendation
for suspension from school for one
week.

Submits Coverage For Year.

Arthur R. Kapner, Insurance Rep-
resentative for State College, has
submitted the following revision for
the Student Insurance Plan cover-
age for this year:

Accident Coverage:

A. We will pay all bills that a
student would be billed with in case

ICA. Directors
Will Meet Here

The Board of Directors of the
Inter-Collegiate Association will
hold their annual ineetlng at State
on Saturday, October 15. The dir-
ectors will discuss plans for the
state-wide conference to be held
here on November 10, 11, and 12.
Joseph Szarek ’58, will represent
Albany at the meeting. Marie Car-
bone '57, is chairman for the affair.

A display of college handbooks
will be a highlight of the state
conference. ICA members have col-
ected handbooks from every major
college in the United States, includ-
ing Hawaii and Alaska.

The ICA Newsletter, the chief
communication organ of the group,
will be sent to the member colleges
early next week, announces David
Keiidig ’57, Editor. The newsletter
will include stories from each of the
state's eleven teachers' colleges.

The local branch of ICA is in
need of workers to help on the State
conference. Those interested should
sign up on the ICA bulletin board
in lower Draper.

of an accident, up to $500. This in-
cludes x-rays, laboratory costs, hos-
pital bill, nurses', physicians' and
surgeon's fees, medicines, and in
fact any medical costs incurred as
the result of an accident.

Illness Coverage:

B. The policy will pay up to $500
for any illness. The allocations are
as follows: $4.50 for each Doctor’s
visit for sickness not requiring an
operation; maximum 25 visits. Pre-
scriptions will be paid up to $60.
Hospital room and board, $12 a day
for a maximum of 30 days. Miscel-
laneous hospital services $60. Sur-
geon's operations up to $325. Priv-
ate graduate nurses $12 per 24 hour
day, maximum 30 days. Doctor con-
sultant up to $30. Ambulance serv-
ice up to $15.

A master policy listing all of the
benefits is in the Dean's office,
therefore no individual policy will
be issued this year. However, each
student who applied for the insur-
ance during registration received a
circular describing all of the bene-
fits and a student identification
card. Any student desiring a copy of
the policy may get it by sending
a request to Mr. Kapner.

The Student Plan this year is
with the Connecticut Mutual Life
Insurance Company of Hartford,
Connecticut.

Representative Art Kapner, may
be contacted through his office at
75 State Street, or through the Stu-
dent Personnel Office in Draper
110.

 

Personalize Your Stationery!

Have your name or initials placed on your

stationery for as little as 50 cents

CARRY THAT “MARK OF DISTINCTION”
LET US PUT YOUR MONOGRAM ON BOOK MATCHES

Planning a Party? Include imprinted napkins

The CO-OP offers 48 hour service on imprinting

‘A’

 

From 9—4 : 30

Regular & King

and

L&M

 

On T HURS., OCT. 13, 1955

Size
Chesterﬁelds F R

WITH PURCHASE OF UP TO

3 PACKS OF

culgsvngmfllllin Reg. & King Size AN1) 1. & M Reg. & King Size

EE

 

 

 

