 

no; 4

STATE coLLEde news. FRIDAY. JANUARY 7. 1955

 

News Views:

Democrats Take

Mills Diet Allies

By M. A.

Over Congress;

France With US

ROGERS

Legislatures around the country go into full swing
this week, but most of us look at Congress and perhaps

our own state legislature. N
changes are the committee 0
have to endure the headline

ationally, the most important
hairmen; perhaps we will not
hunting expeditions of Reed

(R—House, N. Y.), McCarthy (R—Senate, Wis.) and can

settle back to look at some new antics.

The Senate will be

real “George” (D—Ga.), that is when it isn’t mixed.

lVCF Members
Attend Meeting

Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowsnip
members attended a national con-
vention during the Christmas re-
cess; other religious clubs announce
activities for this week.

State’s delegates to the Fourth
Student Missionary Convention at
Urbania, Illinois, December 27 to
January 1 were: Ann Kammer ’57,
Lee Hazeltine '58, Alma Webster ’57,
Marian Menzel, Frank Denton. Sen-
iors, and Stan Davie ‘56.

They were only six of the more
than 2200 students from universi-
ties, colleges, Bible institutes and
seminaries in all parts of the Unit-
ed States and Canada, and 150 stu-
dents from over forty foreign coun-
tries, who crowded all available fac-
ilities of the University of Illinois
campus during their vacation to get
a closer and more serious look at
world missions.

Hillel will hold a Lox and Bagel
Breakfast on Sunday at 10 am. in
the Ohav Sholom Synagogue, 441
Washington Avenue. Guest speaker
will be Maurice Greenbaum, Pro-
gram Director of the Jewish Com-
munity Center. The fee will be 15
cents for members and 25 cents for
non«members.

Christian Science Organization
will meet Tuesday evening at 7:15
pm. in Brubacher Hall.

“Landslide Lyndon" will control
that body with a plurality repre-
sentative of his usual numbers—one.
As usual, conservatives will control
both houses, but the House will
have a liberal leadership. We have
a new type of burn these days—
Rayburn (D-Texas), Speaker of
the House, over the commie charges
in the last election.

From our own point of view the
legislature here will be quite im-
portant. State aid to education al-
ready promises a battle between the
Republican legislature and the
Democratic governor, W. A. Harri-
man. Harriman wanted more State
aid in New York during the elec-
tion, but carefully forgot to add
“City.” But with that new seaway
commerce to tax, the people up
North won't mind sending their
money South. We can hope that the
new salary scale proposed by the
N.Y.S.T.A. will be enacted into law.

The French have finally decided
to support the West, The margins
of approval on the Paris pacts
weren’t too great. but milk appar-
ently brought some of them to their
senses. Now they won‘t be bubbling
over with spirit, but they'll know
where they're driving.

The stock market, booming for
more than a year, has just attract-
ed the attention of the Federal Re-
serve Board. But will a ten per cent
increase in margin, affecting less
than one per cent of the daily vol-
ume, curb a raging bull market
whose indexes have recently exceed-
ed September 1929?

Debate Views . .

(Continued from Page 3, Column 4)
mm] newspaper of St. John’s Uni-
versity, Coilegeville, said that “the
present question aﬂ‘ords Catholic
students an opportunity to clarify
their ideas and to clear up the er-
roneous popular notion that diplo~
matic recognition is moral approv-
al. We should not let emotion and
fear alter our judgment." The Uni-
versity of Minnesota Daily termed
the action of the nation's naval and
military academies “strait-jacketed
thinking when the greatest need of
military policy is ﬂexibility—the
ability to approach a problem from
all sides.”

Editorials or columns in the Uni-
versity of North Carolina. and Le-
high University newspapers express—
ed strong disapproval of any with-
drawal from the debate topic. Other
papers, such as the East Tennessee
State College Collegian, and the
Nebraska Education News. called

 

l Pacing 00cc ‘7/te 3W

By MARCIA LAWRENCE now tell you a few Jokes from the
Kutztown State Teachers College
A Freshman’s Tale of Woe. Keystone:
They mate to us  clone?" 3’8"” d Child, to Sunday School teacher:
When a“ the wm 5 young an Let's sing the hymn about the cross-
Thggyiiever tel‘ the hopes and fears eyed heal"
y ‘ Teacher: Which hymn is that?

On an examination day; “
They never think of aching brows, Child: YOU lfnow- Gladly the
Cross I'd Bear.’

Of tragedies, perhaps. that dwell k ’

In a forgotten formula '
Or inability to spell Why was Pharoah's daughter like
a broker?

A simple word, a word perchance

We should have known quite well. Because she got a little prophet

I feel, sometimes, that I should like from the rushes on the banks.

To settle down, forgetting quite an r ii

That I Elm young; that SOllE'; b11115 Dinner Guest: “Will you pass the
51113 nuts, Professor?“

That after winter follows shrine Professor, absent-inindedly: “Yes,

01' ally other Pleasant thing: I suppose so, but I really should

Remembering only, chief of pests. flunk them."

Those awful tests; Those awful tests. .. .,. ..

Queens University, Kingston. Ont. They :parted at the corner.
To lift your spirits a little we will She whispered with a sigh:

 

for student opinion and comment.

“I‘ll be home tomorrow night."
He answered: “50 will 1."

Education institute Offers Many Opportunities  * *

To American College Students For Foreign Study

The Institute of International

foreign study in fifteen countries, available to Americans. Study awards

The ltensselaer Polytechnic:
Professor:  . . it is possible that

we do not completely understand

Education offers opportunities for the RUSSlﬂll VleWDOillt- . . 3’

Your Notes: “Professor is 3. Com-

at the University of Ceylon, the University of Teheran in iran, and the munist.”

Free University of Berlin are offered with the deadline for applications

Professor: “Pages 7 through 15

January 15 for the two awards at the University of Ceylon and January are not mquimdy but will prove of

22 for advanced study in Brazil.

inestimable worth to the student

‘General eligibility requirements for the fellowships and scholarships, in preparation {01. the term exmm
desrgned mainly for graduate students. are: U. S. Citizenship; proof oi mam)“;-

INews' Elections . . .

(Continued from Page 1, Column 5/
members will be feted at a banquet.

a Smorgasbord dinner at Herbert's,
Madison Avenue. Guests of honor
will include Elton A, Butler, oi the
Mathematics Department. and Mrs.
Butler. Mistress of Ceremonies “’1”
be Evelyn Ruben ‘55, former Editor
of the paper. Willard Retiz, retir-
ing Public Relations Editor, is in
charge of arrangements. and amuse-
ment will be furnished in the form
of the traditional “Lack of Talent
Show" under the direction of Mat-
thew Ostoyich ’57.

good academic record and capacity
for independent stll(l\‘; good char-
acter. personality, and adaptability;
and good health. Ability to rcad,
write! and Speak the lunmmgp U; me test thc student's overall compre-
country of study is .i. rcquircmcnt “ml-“hm (’1' “10 SllbleCt mm “101"
for most competitions.

grants for study in Spain, Otncr
countries in which awards are
available are Austria. Brazil. Cey-
lon. Cuba, Denmark, Great Britain.
France. Germany. Iran. Italy, Mex- probably bc the most important of
ico, the Netherlands. Sweden. and the your since we will throw it open
Switzerland. *

Your Notes:
through 15."

Professor: "The examination will

“Omit pages 7

ough knowledge of the theories be—
hind thc facts and their relevance
to field: other than Political Sci—
ence will be absolutely necessary."
Your Nolcs: "Assassination Test.”
Professor: “The class Friday will

A private donor will gn'c livc

to a general discussion of the main
For more information write to problems which have come to our

Institute of International Edncn- attention throughout the course.
tion, 1 East 67th Street, New York Attendance will not so taken."
21, N. Y

Your Notes: “No class Friday "

 

 

his younger

 

 

When a roommate gets you
a blind date with

/‘7

sister . . .

 

 

 

and she turns out to
be a  9;“ . -.

/

 

 

that’s PURE PLEASURE!

 

 

 

 

 

For more pure pleasure... SMOKE CAMELS .'

No other cigarette is so rich-fasting,

P.S. No other brand has ever been able to mulch the pure pleasure in Comel’s exclusive
blend of costly lobaccosl That’s why Camels are America's most popular cigarellel
ll J. liviuohiu 'l'oliuL-co (EIL. \\'|Illlull>8ululll, N. (1

yet so mild!

  

 

 

 

sure earth‘s: N’sws'. ‘moiv; JANUARY 7. :95!

  

,

 .  ran: a

 

Regular Issue Goes To Press At Hudson Printers
3““ 0; ’4 WWW "Rising Sun" Welcomes:

 

Stall Members Leave Albany
Via Train Thursday Afternoon

 

 

Editors and Staff writing copy and organizing material on a typical
Tuesday evening in the Publications Office in Bruhacher. Editor-iii-
Chlef Ronald Lackey is in the rear at the file cabinet. The staff spends
approximately 10 hours per week on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings
getting the paper ready to go to press.

  

Linotypists Hank and Harold of the Hudson Register-Star setting up
type for the paper. Every word in the paper is a product of this com-
plicated machine.

 

Bill feeding papers into the printing prcss which takes about three
hours to print 2,000 copies of thc paper each week. The papers which
are printed on a three-page sprciid. arc Iiaiiil-l’ctl into the mncliiiic. 'llic
papers automatically pass over a low gas flame which dries the ink.
Pages one. three and six are run

. . . Thus do We launch this journal on its
course. with every confidence that it fills a
long felt want. and that its policy: to make
each faction in our student organization know
and appreciate all others, to uphold the main-
teiiance of fraternal regard and friendly rival-
ry among all, to work ior cooperation between
all sections and for the solidification of the
now separately wasted energies in the promo-
tion of a real, distinct, and enthusiastic spirit
of loyalty to State College, will in time do
inucn toward placing the record of our
achievements outside of the classroom on a
plane in keeping with our standing as
America's leading teacher’s college.

lsigned) The Committee of the Class of
1918, on Publishing 3 Weekly
College Newspaper.
Alfred E. Dedlcke, Chairman.

——from State College News. Volume I, Number I.

 

Carol and Swizz working with the galley proofs

and the layouts of each page. Several proofs

made of each page and thoroughly examined by the
proofreaders before the final approved page goes to
press. In the foreground are National Advertisement
cuts which are placed in the locked galleys before

going to press.

 

 

Returning State Journalists.

 

Here we find Tony hand-feeding the printed spread
into the folding machine. This machine takes the
three-page spread and folds it into the form which
you receive. The paper must then be cut on the out-
side edge by a cutting machine. This process of fold-
ing takes about two and one-half hours. Sometimes
this sensitive machine, afected by static, goes awry
and eats the papers up, thus delaying the folding
process.

are

 

In the filial step in the production of the paper
we find Jack wrapping the finished product which
you will rcceivc on Friday. (.‘liff, in the background,
resting after four hours of work, observes the happy
ending. Jack then drives the weary staff back to
Albany, with the papers. after an accumulated ll
hours of work per week. by each member of the stall.

 

This is the final page. written.
iiiiotypcd. layed-out, proofed, and
ready to go to press. The black area
in the center is the name-plate. the
other black areas are pictures and
headlines which are hand-set by one.
of thc printers. The page will now
be taken to the press where it will
be locked in and ready to go.

 

Rice Bldg.
Fine Dry Cleaning
i'el. 62-l152 20s Quii si.

 

 

off first. the other pages, two, four
and flvc nrc. printcd on the otlicr
sldc. of the spread.

 

o RECORDS
o FILMS DEVELOPED

156 Central Avenue
Open Evenings till 9:00

l‘oor Richard might have been richer
ll' lic‘d catch ut the SNACK BAR

whcrc prices arc. lthll'l‘.

 

 

SWEATSHIRTS
T — SHIRTS
JACKETS
SWEATERS &
MISC. ITEMS
l’riccs as low as 35c

SOFTGOODS

SALE

Starts Today in Co-op

ALL ITEMS MUST (it).

 

 

 

