 

 

 

  

PAGE 2

No Time For Quibbling . . .

Today the Legislature will vote on the motion post-
poning absentee balloting on the Warrensburg Camp until
January 19 and 20. By that time the camp will probably
no longer be held for us by the Adminstration and our
chance to buy it will be out the window. The reasons be-
hind this motion were that we don’t know enough about
:his camp or two additional ones which have been offered
0 us.

Student Council Wednesday evening, voted sixteen to
four to recommend to the Legislature that voting on the
camp be postponed until after Christmas. Furthermore,
they voted eleven to seven with two abstentions to recom-
mend to Student Association to vote “no” on the Warrens-
burg Camp if voting occurs before Christmas. If Council
feels SA does not know enough about these camps to vote
wisely, we would like to know why Council feels itself
qualified to recommend to SA to defeat the Warrensburg
camp! They heard a brief ten-minute description of the
two newly-proposed campsites, after which they came to
this decision. If they are able to decide between the camps
in ten minutes, then certainly SA should be able to decide
after the hearing last night, the assembly today, the in—
formation printed on page one of this issue, and a proposed
hearing Tuesday evening.

We should like to know just how much more informa-
tion Council expects to gather during the two weeks fol-
lowing Christmas. At the present time there has been suf-
ficient information and material presented on all three
camps to justify a vote this week. By this time we know
what we want in a camp and we have enough information
on all three to compare them sensibly and choose between
them. If Warrensburg is your choice, cast an affirmative
ballot, if not, a negative one, but vote upon it one way or
the other. Nothing at all can be gained by postponing the
vote. This could continue for the next two years,if allowed,
and we wouldn’t know any more about it than we do right
now.
We urge the Legislature very strongly to defeat this
motion postponing voting until January, and vote this
week on the Warrensburg site!! A.J.C

Are You Guilty . . .

Much has been written about the deficiencies of Stu-
dent Union Board and Campus Commission. However,
these articles have never admitted the basic reason
for the weaknesses that they so intensely attack. The rea—
son is simple to state yet complex to combat. We, by our
actions, are the reason. We know these organizations exist
and the purposes for which they were established, yet we
often take the attitude the rules were made for others.

Each time we leave a coke bottle lying around, or en-
courage youngsters to stay in the Union we destroy the
work that we, when in a more rational mind, demand these
groups to perform. Both groups are small and should be
able to handle through fines and warnings those amongst
us who do not have respect for public property and no
sense of common cleanliness and courtesy. They should,
that is, if we act as a group the way college students are
expected to behave and show the maturity socially we do
academically. However, it seems that State students are
either careless of their obligations or are not mature enough
to accept the freedom college offers. If the latter be true,
which we doubt intensely, there is no course but to hire
a group of nursemaids to watch our every movement.
Since we deem this unlikely we are confronted by the other
alternative which is carelessness and apathy. This is some-
thing we must grow out of rapidly if we have any loyalty
toward the college in which we have chosen to spend four
years of our lives. Admittedly this apathy is hard to over-
come when we see a leader in student government, for ex-
ample, willingly set himself above the rules and regula-
tions in such a way that he encourages warnings to be is-
sued to him. We must overlook this and show we support
and believe in the college by actions that receive no recog-
nition but in our own conscience. By this cooperation we
will do more for the college as a whole than those who talk
loudly but act with moderation when it comes to a matter
of personal sacrifice as contrasted with self glorification.

R.J.S.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1910

BY THE CLASS OF ‘9‘.

 

First Place CSPA First Place ACP
VOL. XI. December 9, 1055 No. '34
Members of the NEWS Mali may he reached Tuesday and Wednesday from 7 to
if pm at 2-3320, Ext. ll. l’honea' Coehrano, 3-7030. Swloraowski, 2-0843; Cioidsielu,
2-2612. Kendiu. 5-0031.
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Gallon for Teachers;
publicized every Friday of the College your by the NEWS Board for the student

Auooiltion,
COCIIIANI - - - lditor-in-Ohiol
“u'N Co-l'uhlio Relations Editor

ESTHER GOLDS'I'EIN - - - . .
DAVID KENDIG - - - . - Co-l'ublio Relations Editor
MARY ANN i-i(}lllAl'I"I‘li/\UIIER v A - - liuslness-Advortlling Editor

JOYCE Ml-ZYI'ZRMAN ‘ - - - - - - Circulation Editor
MARCIA LAWIBNCI - - - - - - - - Anni-to Idlior
IICIIAID IAUII - - - - ~ - - ~ - Annotate Iditor

'I‘IIOMAH SMI'I‘II - ~ Feature Editor
JOIIN “I‘llNl'leS - - - ~ - - - v .hiuirlalr Prawns Etillor
JOSEPH HWIIIZOWIII - - - ' - - - - -- Suri- llltor
DOROTHY RASMUHSEN - - - - - - - - - Senior Sports Editor
JOIN INAI'I' - - - - - v - - - It.“ Photon-nu

STATE COLLEGE N EWS.

 

Command

To the Editor:

This semester I am taking a
course which is deemed necessary
for graduation and more necessary
for my future years in the teaching
profession. This course is known as
Education 20. In conjunction with
Education 21, its purpose is to show
what the problems of teaching are
and to some extent what goals and
values should be applied in solving
them.

Recently we have discussed course
content and method of instruction.
The view which is apparently sup-
ported by the education department
is that which maintains that con-
tent is to be determined by student
interest and that methods be demo-
cratic in nature, allowing maximum
leeway with regard to individual
participation and accomplishment.

I must admit that while these
views, ideals and principles seemed
very good, I was consistently chal-
lenging the course and what it
taught on the ground of practicality.
The simple truth is that I have
never seen, let alone participated in
a class, guided by such considera-
tions! This fact inevitably casts
doubts on the principles as well as
practice of the theory.

Let us take a look at how this
particular class measures up to the
ideal it preaches. A rigid curricu-
lum with prescribed readings which
can be read only with some degree
of inconvenience on the part of the
student. is the. backbone of the
course. Added to this, are. trips to
social agencies and speakers, neither
of which are particularly successful
in relating to the problems involved
in the course.

The tWo class hours are used for
"discussion" purposes. an inaccurate
description if ever there was one.
The teacher is talking over half the
time. There can be no opportunity
for real discussion in such a group
of over twenty students. The last
point I wish to discuss is the “feel-
ing” of accomplishment which
should supposedly accompany a stu-
dent‘s endeavors. I personally feel
that there is a minimum of this
feeling, and a corresponding level
of actual achievement. The examin-
ations used to test the students are
one of the main reasons for this.
Frankly, i think it is stupid to test
a person‘s ideas on an objective
test. and the questions we have had
so far are worse than most. Not
only that, they constitute more than
three-fourths of the total test cred-

’C'Hll/lllliHl on Pug/r .i. Column 9‘

"14 ‘7/tau9/tl‘ “

By FRED SILVA

 

For the past week we have been
aware of the unfortunate situation
at Georgia Tech. The governor and
his supporters are to be condemned
and the students to be commended
for their position and the method of
making it known. The idea that .1
football team should be barred from
playing another lcatu merely bc~
cause of the presence of a Negro on
the opposllc sound is much more
than offensive. We in lhc 'libcrai'
North, however. should not indulge
in the dangerous luxury of complac-
cncy.

There exists. at least to my way
of thinking, a situation that is even
more harmful to the way of life to
which we all profch allegiance. Thi.
situation does iioi take the blatant
form of the (icorgia governor's ac-
tion. or even the next best. form of
words such as ‘nigger', ‘kike’, 'diigo‘,
clc.

"He's a good guy . . .
lie is a Jew.“

"Sure he‘s coloi'cd , . . but he is
pretty white."

"He's not like all the other
Italians.”

This type of rciuark is heard of-
ten, and i suspch that. some of us
have used similar statements. There
is as lilili‘ point in exploring the
falluciousncss of this brand of rea-
soning. as llli'l‘i' is in reiterating ilic
almost ii'llc arguments ilillilllhl ii.
We have heard them many times.
but that we have not assimilated
more of these ideas is distressing.
We need not murder an Emmett Till
to be as iiniuorai as those who did.

As I said it‘s last a thought . .
something to carry with us as we
cuter this Christmas season.

so what if

 

FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9. 1955

War!» 7/“ ‘74“ 14! ﬁlm

“3‘ S\\‘//Y ' 4»
.::-’"/ ll w» \\
 c.

 

   
  
 
  

 

 

 

l
V l

Romans

 

“At home we never had fake presents under the tree. They do thin
differently at college."

 

Gammon-Stale»;

By 'I‘INAPP and DEVINE

   

. .t. , .
VOTE NOW!!! . r
In regard to voting on the camp at Warrensburg, we believe it sho'. »
be done before Christmas with the following type of bulloiw
Ii] YES
Fl 0
i I feel that. adequate information is not available, and
would prefer a final vote in February.

This is the best way to find out whether or not the majority
students want the camp at Warrensburg, or if they feel they arc in 1
enough informed. The members of Student Council sin the Student .\
sociation does not know enough about this issue. It seems to us, it show
be up to SA to decide if they are well enough informed!l
GREEN GREMLINS INDEED

Verily, a harshsome sight are the verdant freshmen bcdcckco
gymnasium garb, as they gumbo] through the dear old commons or .~'
and nibble at their nectar and ambl‘osia in the. cosy cafeteria. Fir- up
them and forsooth! Though we love them dearly, must we behold ii...
in these unﬂattering garments? Render unto the gym field that who:
is athletic.

ARE YOU WORTH IT?

Last Friday morning in assembly some of us were privileged to lo
what our new coach had to say about basketball. His few words v: r
as timely as anything we've ever heard in this college. For the first on
in our focr years here, a member of our faculty addressed ii to r
of students on an extra curricular subject which was very important ‘
him, and made it sound as if he wasn't sure we \\'(‘i'c the perfect lll‘ll.
we think we are.

These fellows work very hard and make a great many suci‘iiiccs ‘
bring us at basketball team. The question seems to be whether or :
we're worth the trouble. Our hats are off to Richard SuucrsH
DE PATIENT LITTLE MAN

Complaints, complaints! Some people would complain about i'
feathers on their wings or the color of their harps if they bcciunc :IlI!
oiigeis. This is difficult to believe, but one Junior actually l)llll(llllll It
is and btoiozined that the presents under the tree at. Bru wcrc lulu
He felt this was u shocking and deplorable state of affairs. To us. it
phenomenon sccins perfectly natural. After all, K. Kringle isn't «i
‘tiil December 24th.

IN Sl'l’l‘E ()F S. (‘OI'NCIL . . .

Hear we have a student written script. for our All College Hm .
0111' hi‘m‘ii' conurntulations to Dick Beaudiu. We feel very siroi:
that since this is an all college revue, that the best place lo ('(illli
with ii script is in our own Sf'hnol. Too bad it‘s if one night slund, To 11.
“l .\'011 Who wunicd :1 Broadway show» there's a reduccd rule on our
trip tickets to New York City!!!

A I'OEM'.’
To llli‘ fuciilty~—-'.Z weeks pence.
To the students 772 weeks rcsl,
To all concerned at S. C. ’I‘.
May your Christmas bc l.lic best.
Ric and Dick

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9

10:00 am, Assembly, Draper 340.

7:00 p.m. Outing Club Trip to Adirondacks.

SATURDAY. DECEMBER 10

8:00 pm. Sigma Lambda Sigma "I.c ital Moric." Husch (‘aicli-iln

Sl'NDAY. DECEMBER il

7:00 l).lli. Christmas Sing, Page Auditorium
Coffce Hour, Bi'ubuclicr.

MONDAY. DECEMBER 12

3:30 |).lll. Dry Skiing, Dorm ii'icld.

'I‘l'ESDAY. DECEMBER ill

2:30 pm. Dry Skiing, Dorm li‘lcid.

7:30 pm. Special Assembly. llrubuchcr.

7:30 l).lll. Psychology Club Meeting, iirubiichcr.

0:00 pm. Readings from Literature. lirapcr 3-10.

WEDNESDAY. DECEMIH‘IR l5

3:30 pm. Dry Skiing, Dorm l'l‘lcld.

4:00 [)Jll. 'l‘ryouls for Laboratory Plays, Draper.

'l‘lll’Rh‘lMY. DECEMBER i5

2:30 pm. Dry Skiing. Dorm l"lcl(l.

0:30 pm. Vienna Choir lloys, Page AllUiltil‘iiiill,

FRIDAY, .IANI'ARY 0

10:00 [Hi]. thtcriudc, Shaker Ridge Coiliill‘y Club.

SATURDAY. JANUARY 7

6:30 pm. Class Banquets.

 

The. NEWS Board and Staff extends to all our readers
a Very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.

 

 

:ﬁn‘nimrymﬁnmms  .  < V'!"2‘::v': 7 ’ v- -v

 

,ISTOP IN TO SEE us AFTER WINTERLUDE}
THE CENTER INN 4 -‘
1 Route 9W, 3 Miles South of Albany
GLENMONT, N. Y. ALBANY 62-9086
We Cater To Banquets A. L. FLEAHMAN

AND

5-.

I

 

 

BEST OF LUCK FOR A SUCCESSFUL

WINTERLUDE
' ARTHUR R. KAPNER »

“YOUR STATE INSURANCE MAN”

 

MAY WINTERLUDE BE A TREMENDOUS "
SUCCESS
COMPLIMENTS OF

JAKE’S FOOD MARKET

PHONE

BOWL THEM“ OVER

'Make This the Best WINTERLUDE : 
Evaauu w, '

214 WESTERN AVENUE
ALBANY, NEW YORK

  

  
  
     

f.

   
  
 
 
 
  

  
   
   

— - — 3-9222

 

 

COMPLIMENTS. 0F
ELSMERE, N. Y.

-— —. ——,-— ——

'0 ’Connor ’3

STATE STREET - ALBANY, N. Y.

BEST WISHES FOR A SUCCESSFUL

WINTERLUDE

FROM THE MEN OF

KAPPA BETA

IT WILL BE JUST

 

Compliments of

TOWN

NORTHERN BOULEVARD
AND SHAKER ROAD

5 Minutes from State College

Telephone 62-5562

  

  

 

 

 

THE ELSMERIAN RESTAURANT

DELAWARE PLAZA, DELAWARE AVENUE 1 ‘

Seafood Is Our Specialty I
“GOOD FOOD IS GOOD HEALTH”

HERE’S HOPING YOU HAVE A
WONDERFUL WINTERLUDE -

COMPLIMENTS OF

THE SHAMROCK TAVERN

PHI DELT’S in the mood
For WIN TERLUDE

GREAT
WITH THE SUPPORT OF STATE

  
     
    
  
    
   
  
 
 

— = CHOPS

 
 
 

FOR A LATE
SNACK AFTER

WINTERLUDE

IT’S

    

    
   
 
 

HOT
SHOPPES

NORTHERN BLVD.

 
   
   
 

’AND SHAKER ROAD

  
 

ALBANY , N. Y.

 
  
  

  

(Open Until 2 am.)

