PAGE I

IBM, The Reason Why 

We have heard many complaints from
students because they did not receive their
grades until Tuesday of this week. People
have been in a quandar as to whether or
not they should buy boo s, continue with a
course or drop it, or try to transfer to an-
other college. All of these decisions rested
upon'the outcome of their grades. As a re-
sult of. their anxiety they began accusing
people right and left for the delay in the
distribution of marks and began circulating
false rumors, both of which resulted from
a total lack of understanding of the situa-
tion.

State College has begun this year to try
to initiate an IBM system for the urpose
of recording grades more efficien ly, ac-
curately and more completely in the future.
When‘such an intricate, complicated sys-
tem is used by a staff who has never op—
erated one before, some difficulty is inev-
itable. The student body does not realize
the enormity of this project, to which it
took Syracuse University two years to con-
vert. It was estimated that it would be a
year before State could fully adapt, Since
each semester the Registrar’s office must
record over 11,000 grades. This new system
will eliminate all hand work done in the
office and furthermore it will provide the
student and his advisor with a complete
set of grades for every course ever taken in
his college career.

It is our opinion that the advantages
provided by this new system outweigh the
discomfitures suffered by the students
while awaiting their grades.

For those of you who have been con-
demning people falsely—in the future be
sure you are well-enough acquainted with
the facts and have something on which to
base your statements. A J C

The Happy Ending . . .

Last spring Inter-Sorority Council work-
ed untiringly on the revision of the Rush
Rules and the scheduling on the Social
Calendar of rush parties and the forth-
coming Formal Weekend. The results of
these unfaltering efforts are about to come
to light.

Less than one-third of the freshman girls
enrolled this year received invitations to
this exclusive weekend. Of these one hun-
dred and forty-seven young ladies there
were duplications, triplications and even
seven repetitions of the same names on the
various lists. Would you say this small rep-
resentation of the freshman class indicates
that there are 147 “balls-of—fire?”

We think, rather, that the various and
diverse purposes for which these seven so-
cial groups were formed have lost their
meaning. And the sororities have lost their
individual identities in their jealous rush
and greed for power. Why then have seven
groups (with proposals in the air for an
eighth) accomplished nothing?

The abolition of National sororities and
fraternities on State University campuses
by the State last year was a wise and pro-
phetic decision. It foreshadows the eventual
fall of all groups of that nature in the fu-
ture. Year in and year out this same prob-
lem has been brought forth, but it is not
until this year’s crew of about one hundred
prospective pledges, seventy-five below the
quota, that it proves conclusive.

C.A.L.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY ll

4:00 pm. News Staff meeting, Brubaclier.

0 - 9 pm. Sorority buffets.

lOp.in.-2 a.iii. Kappa Beta Formal Rush Party, Bru—
baclier.

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 13

2-3230 p.ni. Listening Hour. Brubachcr.

7:30 DJIl. Open News Board meeting, Brubacher.
7-11 pm. Sorority Formal Dinners.

WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 16

7:30 pm. Red Cross meeting. Brubaclicr.

8:00 pm. Hillel meeting. Brubachcr.

8:30 pin. Music Council Concert,
torium.

Page Audi-

 

cran caLLIdI! news. FRIDAY. economy H. 1953

 

“And now. are tiliere any questions?"

 

4cm 7h geldoc’d
Mai/dim

On Wednesday, attracted by sounds emenating from
the Government room in Brubacher, I entered into a
heated discussion by the Council of the Favored Few.
The topic was how the commission of the ICA (Inter
Collegiate Association) should be organized. The first
problem was whether or not any Untouchables should
be admitted to the commission. Apparently the C of
the FF had some doubt as to the discretion and good
faith of those who had elected them. I will let this
point stand for what it's worth. Under duress from
some of the rabble in the rear of the room, and with
the urging of some of the more reasonable members
of the CFF. a motion was passed unanimously that
the commission include representatives from both
gi'oups. The next HOUR was wasted in trying to
clarify this point, with no elaboration resulting. I
am sure the Albany weather bureau was crossed up
by the sudden appearance of a warm front in the
mldclle of the city. In the half hour remaining to
them the terms of ofﬁce of the commission were
decided.

The actions of this body would make good comedy
if their implications were not so tragic. We have on
this council three basic types of people. The first
are seine of the more capable people of our Student
Association; the second are well-meaning but not
quite competent yet popular students; the third are
downright incompetent individuals who sit in Council
for whatever honor it gives them.

As long as we believe in democracy there will have
to bc a division such as this in Council, but if Stu-
dent Association would take a little more cognizance
of what is going on and buttonhole their represent-
atlvos we might get our executive body on the ball.
After all. what other opinion of themselves could
Council members get than that of near omnipotence
when their every action is neither questioned nor
even discussed by their constituents.

Gromo

neomzaow

I feel that it is apropriate at this time to give a
further explanation of my resignation from the of~
fice of SA President. I think that I gave you the
general picture of the situation in last Friday's As-
sembly, but I should here like to speak a little more
about it.

My college career virtually rests upon this, my
final semester. at State; whether or not I receive my
degree this June is completely dependent upon the
grades I receive this semester. With such pressure
placed on inc—especially since I must, in addition,
receive 6 hours of B, from a total of 17 hours. the 11
other hours of which I must at least pass with C—
I could make no other decision than the one I made»
that of resigning. I am no martyr; perhaps others
are in the same situation as I; I do not seek sym-
pathy from anyone, for I have undoubtedly brought
everything about myself . . . I simply regret that I
could not forsee all this last May when I was a
candidate.

I have honestly enjoyed my semester's term as SA
president—I met and worked with many wonderful
people—41nd I wish to thank you for having given
me the opportunity to do so. Though my academic
achievements were virtually nihil, my knowledge of
student government and ability to work with and
for people were greatly broadened.

I havo one bit of advice for whoever is to be
this semester‘s President and to any future aspirants
to the SA presidency who may by some stroke of fate,
read this article: Try to discover your liiiiitiitioiis-~—
botli curricular and CXLi'lt-CUl'l‘lCultil‘-——b0f0l'0lllllldi it
saves the embarrassment. trouble and personal loss
of a resignation.

I do not regret at all the time I spent working as
your President; I only regret the fact that it all had
to end this way. Thank you!

Very sincerely yours,
Chuck Beckwith.

 

6mm» Slate/t

By LEIN its McEVOY

   

i.g

MERCI BEAUCOUI’ . . .
Without the help of Alexander Graham Bell this column would not

have been possible.

CONGRATS TO THE HONORARY JUDICIAL BODY . . .

who after serious thought and deliberation deemed it wiser to hold
the February 18 elections in assembly rather than by absentee balloting
We are of the opinion that this is a Wise decision—this way more peo—
ple will vote than would do so absentee. Everyone in Student Associa-
tion should feel it their duty to vote because student government can
be no better than what we make it. Your vote may win or lose the
election for the best candidate.

NOTED AROUND CAMPUS . . .

a motion due to move assembly from Page Hall to the cafeteria and
commons Friday at 10 am. Some foolish people went to Page last week—
probably because the cafeteria and commons were too crowded. What
has become of the zealous spirit seen when beanies were being worn
by all of us? Let‘s make use of the assembly hall while we have it——
we should count our blessings.

various notorieties who have been confined to their rooms because

of the “virus bug."

GOLDEN GREEKS . . .

Silence reigns . . . or
or . . . silence is golden.

SPECIAL . . .

on sale in the Co-op now—brand new crash helmets guaranteed to
get you through the 11:50 to 12 o'clock stampede. It‘s unfortunate that
the Milne lunch hour and State‘s schedule “collide.” Perhaps next yctir
this can be avoided by a slight change in schedule.

The upper peristyle between Husted and Richardson is still open
for use and if State students used a little more discretion seine of tlic
problem would be alleviated . . . subtle hint . . . let's see more people
using this upper peristylel

LE FIN AND THE BEGINNING . . .

We regret losing our President but greatly respect his decision.
Yours is a job well done, Chuck. and may your successor accept thc
mantle of responsibility with as much finesse as you.

. actions speak louder than words . , .

INVASION . . .

Lllliputians will swiftly move into State College. The plan is for
them to enter State without matriculating in approximately two wccks.
Be on guard! Do not step on them, they mean well. They are friendly
people and will not attack unless harmed. Observations are being planned
not only by Ed. classes. but also by all State College. Although tlicir
customs and habits may be different from ours. they are well adaptcd
to their own world and will fit into our pattern of life with but few
changes. Recently, their homes were destroyed by a series of tragedies.
However. temporary residences have been set up by well meaning groups
from State College. These temporary quarters can be seen on the walls
between lower Draper and Husted. Their tents are now up: they will
arrive soon!

INTER COLLEGIATE ASSOCIATION . . .

ICA is The up and coming organization. ICA is composed of rcp—
reseiitatives from the eleven State Teachers Colleges; and takes in all
phases of student life. February 25 neininations will be open to cliost-
eight members from State College for ICA. From these cight. four meni—
bers will be chosen officers and will attend the conference to be held
next year there in Albany). The four ofﬁcers elected by us will be of-
f‘icers for the Association. Think wisely when you nominate: then you;
wisely.

ADDENDA AND ERRA'I‘A . . .

Seine people are born poor. but parents of college students l)L‘t'Ulllt'
poor by degrees.

Best of luck to Maurice Chevalier.

State loses heartbreakerl Wednesday's game added another to tho
list of “near wins" and great games which State has undergone this
season.

U. S. Post Ofﬁce now doing landslide business .
ceived the marks and are wondering what happened.

State vs. Dartmouth debaters in assembly today. Good luck. Stillt'.
we'll be cheering for you.

Don't forget the Junior Prom . .

QUESTION OF THE WEEK?
“What did heaven send?"

. . parents have rc—

. February 19.

 

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY iii.

iv THE CLAII OF IOIB

 

First Place CSPA First Place ACP

VOL. XXXX February 11. 1955 NH ~

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday if“!!! 7 l”
11 pm. tit 2-3320. Ext. ll. Phones; Coclii'iinc. 2—7030; Luft ruins; Swnsrzowski 'J-Iiii-i.
Goldstclii 2—20120; Liickcy 3-0277; Moore, 2-3320.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for 'l‘oiiclicrs,
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the SUMO!”
Association.

AILEEN COCIIRANE - — — . . . . . .
CAROL ANN LUF’I‘ - - - . . . .. . .
ESTHER GOLDS’I‘EIN - - . . . . .
FRANCES MONAIIAN v . . . . .
NANCY SCHNEIDER - - - . . . .
IIARIIARA POULSON - s . — . . .
RONALD LACKEY - - ~ . . . . .
JOANNE MOORE - - - . . . . _ .
MARCIA LAWRENCE - - - . . . . _
MATTHEW OS’I‘OYICII - - - . — . . .
RICHARD SAUI-Jlt - - - - . . . . .
JOSEPH SWIERZOWSKI - - - . . . . . ..
ARNOLD NEWMAN - - . . . . . .
DOROTHY RASMUSSEN - - . - . . .

Editoiwln‘Clilt-f
Managing lior
Public Relations Editor
Business-Ailvcrtising Editor
- (Jo-Circulation Editor
Co-Clrcultitlon Ii'dltor

- Executive Editor
Consultant Editor
Associate Ii'illlor
Associate Editor
Associate Editor
Sports I‘ldlior
Junior Sports Editor
Junior Sports ludlior

JOHN KNAI'P - - - - - - - Staff Photograph”
All communications should be uddrcsseil to the l'illlill' and must be signed. NIHIIM
Will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS iissliliics no fl‘hjlullhllllllly ll”
opinions expressed in its columns or communications, as such expressions do not.
necessarily reflect its views.

 

 ‘

 

 

 

 

"1519;537:755—‘5‘ u v 

 

Red Cross Ollers
Swimming Course

At Local Pool

Red Cross will hold a meeting
this Wednesday at 7:30 pm. in Bru—
bacher, states Ann Dvorak ‘55,
Chairman. All persons interested in
joining this organization should
come to this meeting.

Starting Monday at Livingston
Pool, the Albany County Chapter
of the American Red Cross is of-
fering a course in Junior Life Sav-
ing. This course will be held Mon-
day and Wednesday evenings from
7 to 9 pm. for the next three weeks.
The minimum requirement is one‘s
ability to pass the Red Cross Inter—
mcdiatc Swimnior's test. Enrollment
for the class is still open. Any stu-
dent intcrcsted may contact Miss
Dvorak, or by calling the Red
Cross Chapter House at 3 Englewood
Drive.

Instructors Necdcd

Qualified instructors interested in
teaching in the local Red Cross
swimming program may obtain iii-
formation about the program by
calling Mr. Philips at the Chapter
House.

A Bride‘s Course opcn to all wu-
men who are intci'cstcd will begin
Thursday. at thc Chaptcr flousc.

A beginning swimming course will
he offcrcd by the Staic Collcgc unit
of the American Rcd Cl‘th, wlicn
.: minimum of six pt-oplc sign up
for the course. A si an up shcct will
he placed on the Hcd Cross bulletin
board located in lowci' Draper
across from the Co-op.

College Theatre
To Present Play

The second production of lllC
Stutc Collcgc Tlicufi‘c lo be pro-
:ii‘llll‘fl March 11 and ill, will be it
lhrcc-iict play, "Girls ll‘. Uniform."
The play will be dircctcd by Dr.
Paul B. Pctiil. Asso, mic Professor
of English.

Willi .liis play the 'lflictttrc will
feature a new dcsign in singing. and
will establish ll iicw tradition by
pi'csciiling ihc j)!‘l'ltil’lll:lll('t' in two
coiiscciitivc i‘\'i'lllll!'.\, Admission
will hc by Sliitlcnl Activuy Cards
for fill Stale siudciils iiiid fill out-
Siilt'l‘h.

The (no! liitcrprctoiioii ltcudiiigs
will continuc durinc ilic sccoiid
sciiit-sici'. cvcry illlll'l‘ 'l‘ucsdny cvc-
mug, undcr ihc (lircction of Miss
Agiics E. Fuilcrci', Pi‘olt'ssol‘ of Eng—
lish. On .illcriiiiinig 'l'ncsdiiys, i.wo
llli‘llll)i‘l'.» of Ihc Advanced Draniulics
Class will dirch scciics from wcll~
known plays.

Committee Oi Faculty
Plans State Fair Booth

The faculty ('iilllllllllt‘i' for State
Fair is piiiiiiiiiig on 1! Faculty Booth
this yciii‘, i'clcnscs llr. Vioch l.;ii'iicy.
Associulc Pi'oi'cssiir of Millllf‘llliilif'b'.

Many ol the incriin iiicnihcis hitvc
fl(llllll.f'il llicn' sci'viccs lo iiakc lutlgc,
brownie. .iiid du'c :quai'cs which
will he sold. Dr. l.:ll'!ii'_\' also stnics
lhnl. "cvcn Ilic iiiiili- inciiihci‘s arc
:ilrciidy talking about what. they
will brlii.- lo the booth."

'l‘ln: faculty will also rulilc off
gifts 'lonutcd by Van llcuscii
Ifliul'lt's, Yt-Z/i's, (hocnirliucl's Ltd,
iiiitl llll‘ Slutc Uollt‘i‘,t' (‘o-op. l’ro-
cccds i'i-nhzcil from Shilc Pair lll'l‘
lirit‘il lo lll‘lllj’, :i loi'c.:;ii sintlcii! lo
Slate's ciiiiipiis.

STATE COLLEGE NIWI. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 11. I!!!

 

 

Last Monday, Drainatics and Art
Council presented the ANTA Tour-
ing Players in two performances at
Page Hall. The players, who began
their present tour only one week
prior to their appearance at State,
acted the Shakespeare play, The
Winter Tale, in the afternoon, and
the Pulitzer Prize-winning Thornton
Wilder play, The Skin of Our Teeth,
in the evening. The plays were a
striking contrast in perfection of
performance. The evening perform-
ance was outstandingly entertaining,
while the afternoon play was out-
standingly disappointing.

Talc Donc Poorly

’I‘Iic Winter's Tale has never been
considered one of Shakespeare’s best
plays, but it is worthwhile for sheer
light entertainment and for pur-
poses of study. It was done poorly in
almost every respect—few good per-
formant-es, poor movement, and an-
noying lighting. The group did have
tin interesting cutting of the play,
with ‘ Balladecr to fill in the gaps
of the plot. The use of the singing
performer was effective, well-done,
and of the period. Roger Starr, as
King Lcontcs, was the outstandliig
pcrforiiicr in this play. He was the

(quite! (671%

By CLIFF DAVIS

A question open to ample discus-
sion would be: Which would stimu—
liilc inorc stimulus, Jane Russell be-
ing ('lltl.\f‘(l by sharks iii Underwater
at the Palace; or rugged Jimmy
Stewart‘s VCllLill‘C into The Far
Country, i'ccliiig' off at the Strand?
Howard Hughes spent 3,000,000 bucks
lo show flicker l'uiis what Janey
looks like ill a bathing suit, but for
our nioncy thc story of a cattle drive
from the Aiiicricaii Northwest to
Ilic Yukon is a more cxciting adven-
turc. any day.

’l‘lic Bamboo Prison runs with
Ull(l(.‘l‘\\'iilt'l'. The starkncss of a G1.
traitor tclliiig of“ his experiences iii
‘1 Communist Prison could be pow-
ci‘luhy inici‘csiing‘. The Black Pirate
is another Snibiir!-ihc-Siiilor-cpic
iil~ll.l-l'i’j)lllt' typc of picture. It runs
concurrently with The Far Country.

Over at. the Madison Theater is
u Cinciiiiiscopc talc. culled Track of
thc (‘iit. Bob Mitcliuiii and Teresa
Wright help to makc this suspciise
drama 1! picture \vorih scciiig. Tlic
Liiiiiiaucnicni has tabbcd ii second bit
along with the feature. and it‘s
called IIunian Dcsirc. The connota-
[ion is more in the tillc, Stiitcsiiicn;
it's up to you to find out what the
whole l'lickcr is about.

 

III’I Plaicrs In (.‘oiiiedy

Would like to deviate some and
plug lllt‘ up-ziiid-coniiiig RPI Play-
crs‘ show of February 25 called My
Three Angels. It’s one of those
French creations that has the humor
and wit that American playwrights
can‘t sci-iii to quite compare with.
in any event the comedy had a suc-
(‘l‘S>l\'f‘ ouiiibcr of summer stock
Sllli\\'.\ pick it last ycar because of
its high quality as a production.

l"l1!lll>l.\l Avid :idlicrcnls o!" the
intuit-u! world! Alli-iifioii! The Al—
bany iiisiilulc will play host to
Stinilcy l’illlllllli‘l this f'VL‘Illllg iit8130
]).lll. Mr. lluiiiiiic! will lcnd his inl-
ciiis throughout the evening in a
pl'ogi'nill ill. Still) piano music.

Wcli. must. have. he si-ciiig you!
13c sccing‘ iiiovlcs!

@ne Man’d 0pm”

By JOHN LAING

only major character who seemed to
really understand and feel his role.
The others. with the exception of
Robert Donley as Camille, seemed
merely to be reciting speeches in a
hollow manner. There was very lit-
tle real mood projected by any of
them. Mr. Starr, hOWever, was vo-
cally, physicaly. and facially the
jealous, suspicious,
king. His fine voice and pleasing ap-
pearance gave the play its only
worthwhile ingredient.
Actors Redeem Themselves

The many people who attended
The Skin of Our Teeth enjoyed a
fine evening of entertainment. The
play itself was an absolute delight.
A mixture of allegory. comedy, and
with serious undertones in many
scenes, it was truly a refreshing ex-
perience in theatre. The perform-
ances were almost all of high cali-
bre. Robert Donley scored once
again in the leading male role, Mr.
Antrobus. He sustained his charac-
terization throughout and proved
himself to be an actor who certainly
knows his way around a stage with
his perfected movement and ex-
pression. Lisabeth Blake, as Mrs.
Antrobus, did much to redeem her-
self for her wooden performance in
the afternoon show. She looked and
acted Mis. Antrobus in an almost
flawless performance. The character
that came closest to stealing the
show was ably played by Peg Mur-
ray. As Sabina. she excelled. Given
a meaty role such as this, one could
never go unnoticed, but Miss Murray
made the most of every situation
and speech to create a feeling of
comp.ete sincerity in her role.
Play Was Well-Staged

This play was well-staged, with
much delightful movement to en-
hance the overall excellence of the
performers. Many small, but pro-
fessioiiail touches could not escape
the viewer. so important were they
to the play as a whole. Miss Mur-
riiy's use of the feather duster was
artfully executed. and she showed
in]! knowledge of the importance of
the pause in heightening the drain-
atic effect of many of her show!
stopping lines. The liiial scene of
the play reached a fine peak to
conclude the evening's entertain-
ment. The lighting was particularly
effective in this scene adding great-
ly to the touching message which
the author here delivered.
Players As Delightful Off-Stage

Ol'fstagc, the Touring Players
were as delightful as some of their
onstage characterizations had re-
vealed. An acquaintance with the
players soon proved that life upon
the wicked stage ain‘t nothing like
anybody supposes. They arrived at
Page Hall on Monday morning at
10:15, and none of the players left
the theatre until after one that
next morning. During that time they
were all busy, for as well as acting.
the members of the group take care
of all other aspects of their produc-
tions. A sincere interest in theatre
would have to be present for such
devotion. and this the members of
ANTA's Tourliig Players certainly
have. Following the play, they pack-
cd costumes, sets, and lighting
cquipiiicnt into their touring truck
in preparation for fl 350-mile trip
on the following day. An excit-
ing life. but a really exhausting
one, is the life of this group of peo-
plc dedicated to presenting live the-
atre to the people all over the na-
tion.

 

l DANCING EVERY SUNDAY NIGHT
FOR COLLEGE STUDENTS

Calliolic Youlh Organizalion Ganleen

Jl-ill II'IIIS’I‘ STREET

 

Gerald Drug (lo.

217 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.

Phone 6-8010

 

 

o RECORDS
o FILMS DEVELOPED

Blue Note Shop

156 Central Avenue

 

Open Evenings t!!! 9:00

 

 

 

DAN’S UPTOWN CLEANERS

PICK-UP and DELIVERY
MlNOR ALTERATIONS FREE OF CHARGE

()nc Sweater Cleaned and Packaged
FREE of CHARGE

 

 

and suffering BSC

FAQ! 3

Teacher Placement Bureau Releases
Employment Cl State Graduates-

The Teacher Placement Bureau
has placed the following State Grad-
uates, notifies Elmer 0. Matthews,
Assistant Personnel Professor and
Director of Placement.

Robert Lacey, MA ‘54, Van Reus-
selaer High School. Social Studies;
Thomas Atkinson. MA ’54, Hudson
High School, Biology; Arlene Pettl,
'54, Georgetown Central
School. Commerce; (Mrs) Monlco
Greco. MS '54, South Junior High,
Newburgh, Math. Int. to Bus; David
McKay, BSC ’55 (Jan), Fleisch-
mans High School' Kenneth York,
AB Jan. '54, Fort Ann Central
School, Citizenship Education; Ever-
ett Akin, AB Jan. ’55, Franklin Cen-
tral School, Math; Leonard Blake,
MS June '55, Kenmore High School,
Albany, Junior Librarian; Robert
Inglis, AB Jan. ’55. Stamford Cen-
tral Scnool, Math; Jack Campisi,
AB '53. Mount Upton Central
School. Social Studies; Harry Warr,
AB Jan. ’55, Lakemont Academy,

I
Roam; Rape/flee I
By DAVID KENDIG

Myskaiiia. the honorary society of
Seniors that exercises great judicial
authority over student affairs, is
not only one of the most powerful
organizations in the school. but one
of the best conducted as well.

Under capable leadership, the
Myskaiiia meeting last Tuesday
night was cohesiver run, sparked
with a friendly worthwhile attitude
that departs markedly from the bit-
ter factioiialism ever present at Stit-
deiit Council.
Myskania Reverses Decision

After ii rather apathetic reception
for new students. Myskania met, in
an open meeting from 9:15 to 10.
The first major item of business
discussed dealt with the reconsider-
ation of their decision to hold voting
absentee in the forthcoming replace-
ment elections. Although Student
Council has gone on the record as
requesting a reversal of the decision,
and despite President Beckwith‘s rc-
quest to Student Council members
to be at Myskaiiia to back up their
stand. only Vice-President Betscha
was present to argue in a convincing
and successful manner for the re-
peal of the Myskania decision.

In the ensuing discussion. COll-
ducted in a free and open manner.
everyone of the thirteen iiiciiibcrs

(Continued on Page 1,, Column .i'I

 

 

der, AB ‘54. Pruyn Public Library,
Chemistry; Beverly Dodge Ostran-
Math, Science; Lorraine Voepel,
Palisades Public School, first grade;
Jack Dolan, Gouvenor Central
School. SS, En; Gladys Smith, BSC
Jan. ’55, Rye High School, Com-
merce; William White, MA Jan.

’55, Greenwich Central School, Eng-
lish. Social Studies; Gerald Smith,
AB, November '55. Lake Luzerne
Central School, English.

Also, Myron Rindsberg, AB ’51.
Oneonta High School, Social Stu-
dies; David Brown. BSC Jan. ’55.
McGraw Central School, Commerce;
Martin O'Brleii, Troy High School;
(MI‘S.) Patricia Chapln, BSC Jan.
‘55, Warrensburg Central School,
Commerce; Alex Saba, Grad Jan.
‘55, New Lebanon Central School,
Social Studies; Rosa Colacicco, AB
Jan. ’55, Leavenworth Central High
School, Wolcott, Math; Phillip AI-
leii, AB ’54, Fultonville Central
School. English; Robert Petrule. AB
'51. Clarence Ceiitrai School, Jr.
High Math; Nancy Hazzard, AB
Jan. '55, Amherst Central School.
Snyder, Jr. High Math; Edmund
Duprey. AB '55, Sai'anac Lake; Lor-
na Galbraith. ABB '55. Half Hollows
Hill Central School, Huntington
Station. Speech; Stuart Gates, MA
'52. South Colonic Central School.
Social Studies; Mary O'Boyle, MA
.laii.  Central School District No.
2. Mount Kisco, Social Studies, Eng—
lish; Elinor Johnson. Schuylerville
Central School, English; and Ralph
Sherman, Sheneiideiiowa Central
School. Elnora, Science. Math.
IContimtcd on Page /,, Column 1/

Art Class Members
Plan Designs Exhibit

anbcrs of the class in Art 4.
Fundamentals of Art, are exhibit-
ing designs in the sccoiid floor cor—
ridor of Dl'illli‘l‘ Hall. The class has
arranged thc exhibit to benefit all
students, The works display the
elementary principles of design.

The exhibit will continue through
February 23. states Ruth E. Hut-
chiiis, Associate Proicssor of Art.

Under the direction of Miss Hut-
chins the AH Department has con—
tinuous cxliibits iii the second floor
hall of Di'upcr.

Art 4 is a basic course in drawing.
design and composition.

 

75 State Street

 

ART KAPNEB

"YOUR STATE INSURANCE MAN"
ALL TYPES of INSURANCE

5-1471

Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

    
 
 

R U I. E 5
i. Only bonoiide students of atuodiieti (oi-
leges are eligible to (ompoio. lsl priie
$500; 2d. $200; 3d, SiOO; plus foot 350
piliei.

2. Essays must be ottoniponled by one (i)
KING EDWARD (IGARILLO bond, or 1905004
able facsimile iiieieol.

moms-ell; MM»!

y$i,ooo.oo IN CASH PRIZES

For the Best Essay—(250 to 500 Words)
On The Subject

“How I Would Increase
the Popularin

of Cigarillos”

“You don't have to inhale to enjoy a Cigarilio"

 
   
 
    
   
      
    

3. Only one entry (l((epl0ll from each
student.

4. (onlesi now open. (loses April 30, I955.
5. Mail entry to Box 3097, iotksonwlle,
Honda. Deosion oi |udges Will be final.
All colors hetouie llltl property of . ..

1N0. H. SWISHIR 8i SON, lNC.
Makers of King Edward Cigarillos

 

  

 

