 

PM]! I
From The Editor's Desk:

Curtain Going Up”. . .

Tomorrow evening the curtains will part
on the Page Hall stage to reveal the sec-_
ond production of the All-College Revue
in three years. As the name implies, every-
one in the college—from freshmen to
Seniors are eligible and were urged to
participate. This Revue is one of the few
all-college events that exist here at State,
and its purpose is to unite thestudents
and promote some college spirit, some-
thing which is declining more and more
with each passing year.

The students who have worked on this
production, a very small percent of the en-
rollment, incidentally, have put a great
deal of effort into it. The authors, cast,
directors and committees have contributed
much talent and time to this presentation
and deserve a vote of confidence from the
rest of the student body. They have work-
ed long and hard for us. The least we
can do for them is to support them by
attending the show.

For a full evening of entertainment man-
ufactured by fellow-students, something
to be proud of , the price is very small. Lets
make this a real All-College Revue, With
everybody there. A C

 

"ATE COLLIOI NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 18. 1955

Were You There 7 ?

We have a question of the week for you
and this isn’t the Common-Stater column.
This is a direct insult to you and myself and
to everyone who calls himself a member of
the State College student body. “Where were
you Tuesday night?" Were you actually do—
ing anything worthwhile from 7:30 until
8:00 o’clock)? For just one-half hour you
could have experienced the most inspiring
realization of what SMILES is doing for the
underprivileged children of this city. The
question is: Why weren’t you at the SMILES
reception?

The members of SMILES have already
done a wonderful job with these children
from the Albany Home for Children and the
Clinton Square Neighborhood House. Wed-
nesday night we saw the results of their
efforts to help those children put on their
entertainmen .

Now that you’ve read this far read just a
few more facts. Each of us waste at least five
hours a week in the Commons and the Snack
Bar. Why not put this time to very good use:
help these children to better themselves. If
you can donate even an hour or two a week
come to the SMILES meeting Wednesday at
three o’clock. M L

Students, Faculty Voice Opinions on Existing Relations

Members of the State College News Board selected
at random members of the student body and faculty
to answer the question: “What is your opinion of
Student-Faculty Relations at State College? How do
you think they may be changed?"

The answers:

Betty Miller ’55—The first step in promoting sound
relations should be a guidance program for incoming
freshmen. Many upperclassmen still do not know
where to turn when faced with various problems.
With the inauguration of a solid program at the be—
ginning of a college career the friendly relations would
continue through the years.

Frances Colby, Associate Professor of English—What
we are faced with is a lack of memory on the part
of the faculty and the need for more imagination
on the part of the student body. Many faculty mem~
bers should recall that they were on the other side
of the desk not too long ago. The students on the
other hand will be behind the desk in a short time.
In trying to induce faculty members to join in stu-
dent activities the student body should keep in mind
that most of the faculty have family and commu-
nity responsibilities, as well as college duties.

Marilyn Spegele ’55——Relations are not as close here
as in the last college I attended where faculty mem-
bers actively participated in student activities, par-
ties, dances, plays, etc. Here the faculty seems to
show an indifference. They participate in formal
teas, buffets but not informal affairs such as basket-
ball games and dances.

.Iohn lebetts, Associate Professor of Education—We
should use every opportunity to get to know pecple
as people. This may be attained through participa-
tion in organizations. departmental Clubs. student
program planning. class projects and conferences.

William Shippengrover ‘56—ln the Commerce De-
partment I have found the faculty very friendly and
cooperative in helping me plan for my forthcoming
Student Teaching.

William Wall, Assistant Professor of Biology. and
Joseph Garcia. Assistant Professor of Physical Educa-
tion~“In general, when faculty are asked to chaper-
one dances they are left to shift for themselves. In

most cases they are not even given a chair to sit on.
There are no arrangements made for the faculty at
dances.

"This is one of the reasons faculty do not wish to
chaperone dances. If they are going to spend money
to go they could at least be shown a little consider-
ation."

Yale Grayson '57, transfer—The Student—Faculty
relations are on a professional rather than a friendly
basis. Both students and faculty members are more
or less servants of the State and should be on a more
equal basis. The teachers might assume more of an
attitude that you (the student) are here to benefit
from my experience rather than the I know more
than you stand soiey.

Edith Wallace. Professor of Ancient Languages—By
working together we can achieve a greater feeling
of the ideals and traditions of State College. The
faculty does not wish to run student affairs. If the
student body does have any constructive suggestions
the former would be happy to join them.

Barbara Fiebke '56—There is no reason why they
cannot be improved. We are handicapped by the
large number of commuters and the need for many
students to work. Some teachers might take the
initiative to hold small get-togethers at their homes
or some public place such as “The Boul" or a coffee
break in the cafeteria. The beginning of the your is
a good time to start.

Allan Benton, Assistant Professor of Biology—De-
partmental relations could be improved by seminars.
where students and faculty gather to hear a talk by
a grad student. where grads are required to attend
and undergrads are welcome. One professor at Cor-
nell, by having open house for his students one night
per week. furthered a pleasant relationship.

Charles Beckwith '55—To better the relationships
they could work together on sune project, for ex-
ample. the problem of what to do with our surplus. If
they decided to buy land with it, to be used for some—
thing like a college camp, they could work together
bulloing and fixing it up. The camp could be UsC‘Ll
for co-educatlonal frosh camp and be available to
all organizations and groups for use throughout the
years.

 

STATE COLLEGE

 

First Place CSPA

VOL. XXXX March 18, 1955

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from ’I

ESTABLISHED MAY IBIS

BY THE CLASS OF [BIB

Gammunicaa‘and

To the Editor:

Smiles has constantly strivcd this
year to organize and become u bone-
flclal group at State College. We
have a purpose, a simple and won-
u derful one. to hpr the kids of Al-
Fm‘t Pm“ ACP bany through Work lll Clinton

No. 7 Square Neighborhood House uild Al-
bany Home for Children. We llilt‘l'

 

NEWS

to .
ll p.m. at 2-3320, Ext. ll. Phones: Cochrana. 2-1630; Luft a-oola; awlorzowsio 2-3144; It 110W Collﬁlltllilml “11d budul'l-

Ooidsteln 2-26126; Lackey 3-0277; Macro, 2-3326.

We have had more cnlhusiuslic

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers; lJllDUCiLy “1011 my UUIL‘I‘ fil'Ulll) UH
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student cumpug we huvc (WU grey” “IL-[11W

Association.

AILEEN COCIIRANE - - - - - . . .
CAROL ANN LlJI-‘T - - - - . . . . .
EH'I'IIEII GOLDSTEIN - - - . . . -

FRANCES MONAIIAN - - - . . .
NANCY SCHNEIDER - - - - - . .

RONALD LACKI‘JY - - - - - - — . -

JOANNE MOORE - - - - - - - . .

MARCIA LAWRENCE - - - a . . . .
MA'ITIIEW OSTUI’ICII - - - - - . . .
RICHARD BAUER - - - - - - . . .
(ILII‘HHU) DAVIS - . . - . . _ . _
JOSEI’II BWII'IKZOWBKI - - - . . .. . .

ARNOLD NEWMAN -
DOROTHY BAHMUBSEN - - - - - - .

JOHN INAPP - - - - - - . . ..

 

Public Relations Editor
nuincu'MVﬂulml NH" The responsc to our orguinmiion

sponsors, some good ideas and op~
- "WINE-03"" timlstic lenders.

Managing Editor
But we have almost no members.

“gram:  drive 'as, at best. iiicdiocrc. 'lhc

Consultant editor present school cnrollincni is 1700.
“mm. “"0" ‘lwcnty turned up ill the rcccplion

£33“:  last Tuesday night.

l'cuture honor The question raised is. should

“TM” gig”  Smiles try to coiilliiuc') is llicro
“an, 3:."- uuu any future for an orgunimlion nl.

State whose inunbcrs try to help
3"" "ﬂu'ﬂm' someone besides themselves?

All cominunmauonr should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Namel i lioie that some students will
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for “u.” “1‘, at our mean“). "0,“ Wm].

opinions expressed in its columns 0r communications. as such expressions do not

necessarily reflect its views.

435‘

nesday of three. it may be the last
one we will ever have.
Dave Kendlg,
Vice-President.

 

 

 

 

 

H e: Hers .

 

"Lady, ANY child could see it after Myskania censored it."

 

Gammon - sluice

By McEVOY at MeEVOY
ALL-COLLEGE REVUE . . .

quite the pi'odliciion for less than lhc admission price of a movie
(and no bias fare downtown and back)! Our Stale Collcgc stars will be
better than anything Hollywood has to oifci' . . , even Bill Holden and
Grace Kelly! Let‘s show :1 little more enthusiasm for thc Revuc .
this is a production rcolly deserving of our support.

WIIl(‘II WAY DO WE (1.0?

For four years now we‘ve wulkcd through the lower Husth peristylc
to Richardson. and then to Page Hull to assembly and offer all this
time We find out we've been going the wrong \\'il_\'l To clarify. sonic
crazy mixed up person had thc urrows going the wrong way last work.
The “take 40 minutes to uttcnd usscmbly" signs wcrc NOT pointing to
assembly in Page. Which way did you go? IAsscmbly WILL BE in
PAGE this work).

(:iiUCKLn. ('iil‘('Ki.i«: . . . ;
have you been rcuding llic Jokcs on the Vols bullclin bonrd . . . you

must have noticed them on your way orcr lo the Library. ’l‘hcy'rc really

good and arc chungrd so oflsn , . . whocvcr is in chui'gc-~lliuiiks for

frightening our lives with your humor.

LXCIIANGE (.‘OMMI'I"I‘I€I£ ()I’ICN' i“()Rl'M . . .

Tuesday night lit Bl‘ll for all students and faculty to licur rcporls
on the trip to Buffalo . . . it should be inlcrcslinz to say the vcry lcusl
lwc'vc lIClll'd coliiincnlsl. 'f‘licrc will be plcnly of timc for questions and
discussion, m let's illid out how iinolhcr half livcs.

STUDENT PERSONNEL (‘()l\‘lMl'l"i‘l'1IC . . .

or wlnitcvcr you call it . . . liud u very cnli'ilitculng mcctinc, illi‘
other day. Thc connnllicc is conccrncd with Lhc rclulions liclwccn the
faculty. idlininistrution. and tho slulfrnls. Wol ldn'l n rcporl on lhc work
of this committee be of benefit to lhc student Associnion'} . . lhcn
wc'd know more about the goings-on ni'olllld the quad.

(‘Al’l’l‘AL DISTRICT PRESS ASSOCIATION . . .

Another News Board flash! A propole ussociulion for collcgiulc
newspapers around Albany. "'l‘lic bonclns to bc ()l)l.iillii‘il would rung.-
from perhaps lnnitcd improvcnuiu, of journalistic :kill lo liic lli11)l‘l)\l.‘-
merit of better studcnl relations l)l‘l\\‘l".‘li our collcgcs,” ’lhc idcu should
rcccwc the support of the iii'lil collcgcs . . . 1twould bc :1 slcp forward.
SENIORS . . .

’Ihc grout day is ncuriug! Order \our unnounrcmcnls :lll(l cup und
gown for grnduuliun now! Ordcrs urc bring lukcn in the (Yo-op so do
your ordering now . . . March 20 is lhc dcudllnc!

MAIL FROM ABROAD . . .

Mrs. Roberto Christian. Assistant lo the Prcsidcnl of illl‘ H‘ludcnt
Aid Program. Alhcns Colhgn. (il'ccl‘c. urilcs u ll lur of thanks for our
contrlLufions to lhc Campus Chcsl. ’lhc sludcnl who l'l'ii‘l\'lll our gill.
is Fun Duiiol. u i'rrshnmu. Our gill lo lnm will be upplicd lo lnx scholar—
ship.

Mrs. Clil'iSllllll l'urlhcr sluics "ii is n gcninnc .uid pruillz'ul ('lliiii'l-
bution to lln- luinrc. und uc lif'll‘.‘\’l' lllc causation of youlh is pcrhups
the most linporlunl lnclor in bringing about clcnluiil world pcucc
through mutuul undcrsl:inliiuu."

W.-\'l‘(‘ll FOR THE RICI'OR’I‘ ON I'Ol.l. OI" HOW TO SI’I'INI) SI'RI’IJ‘S!
Ql'ICS'I‘ION OI“ 'I‘III'I \\'l'IICI('.".".’
Who‘s rcbclllng‘.’

 

College Calendar

I"Rlli.\\'. MAIH'II Iii

 

l ]l.lil. New». Stuff Ali‘l'lliit',
ii-l2 pin Hinnu l.illlil)il.l Signor |’lc.|::- l’.irl\, (‘onnnuns
ll pm, l“.icli|i\ \\’1\c~ Minna i'.n:' ll.|ll

SA'l'l'RIMY, MARf‘ll l!)

($.30 p.ln. lV(‘l)y Mccling, lii'ub.u-iici

liliill ll.lil. All—(,‘Olil'nl' lil‘\lll'. I’il.‘,l~ ll.lll

Sl‘NIIAY. MARCH ‘10

3-5 pm. liclu '/..clu l".il'llll_\ lullch

3-5 pm. (‘hi Sigma 'lliwlu (illi'ii llolm- Ior Flull‘hllil‘ll
7:30 pun. News lioand Ml‘l‘illllt. lir. l..ul.il

'I'l'llih'llAY. MAIN'II 71'!

if) u in. Hill Mr flint. lhniplr .’\Iilli'.\. iloom iii

10 u Ill Sophomcrl- ('l.. s Mcclinw

ll-niiil) pin. 'l’i".oul:. [or Al) l’l.i\,, ill-Ilil‘l' 1th)

7:30 pm. l‘.-‘,\cliul..:'.,\ i‘lul) Mil-lulu lillll);li'lll'l.

ii pill l‘.-\l'lllllllu- Fludrnl l‘lIlillil. lil'lllhll‘lll‘i' llllu'l‘ lonlqu
ll pni Al) I’luyh. Inupcr 1H!)

WillliNI‘ISOAY. MARi‘ll :3Ii
1i—:):;iU pin. ’l'ryouls for All l’l.l\ . lll.l|ll'l :i-l‘.)

ii pin. HMIIJ‘JS Muslin“. lliillli'l' lll
’I‘Ill‘lih‘liAY. MARi‘II iii
7 ii.lll. (Inuit-ibnry i‘lub ('Hilllrldll‘ Communion and lil'l'lililnhl, Hi

Andrch (‘hurch

’ljliil liill. lVi‘l“ Ml'l'llllll. lllllllnll'lli‘l‘
7:30 pm ('unlcrbnry ('inb {Vii-cling. lillill.lilll‘l
7:30 p.m. Ncwunin (.‘lub Mrcluip, Ncwnnin il.lil.

Sororities Plan

Weekend Events

This weekend will find We State
Sororities holding social events for
the Faculty and for Statesmen, and

a Date Party being sponsored by
pledges is on the fraternity agenda.

Chi Sigma Theta will hold its
Open House for statesmen on Sun-
day from 3 to 5 pm. Marjorie Kelle-
her ’56, Vice-President of the soror-
ity is general chairman of the event.

Beta Zeta will hold its Faculty Buf-
fet on Sunday afternoon from 3 to
5 DAN. General chairman for the buf-
fet is Jeannette Katz '55, and Coin-
niit‘cc Chairman are as follo\vs: Do-
ris Vradenburg ‘57. Invitations; Mar-
garci. Coogan '56. Arrangements;
Mari-.2 Grant '55, Refreshments; Sal-
ly Harter '58. Clean-up.

The pledges of Sigma Lambda
Sigma will sponsor a Date Party
for their brothers tonight from 8 to
12 midnight The Party will be en-
titled “Tlic Wake," and (to-chair—
men for the party are. Alan Levine
and David Bluin, freshmen.

College Revue . ..

(Continued from Page 1. Column 5/

Wildcr, Eleanor Roncy. Joan Ho-
nnin, Sipluiilioi‘es. and Margaret
Carr. freshmen. Publicity: John
Reincrs '57. Tickcts: Karol Clifford
 Chuhmon, Nnncy Code '57, Su-
son Libci'miin, Eilccn Lolly. Patri-
cia Corcoran and Hclcn Betncr,
freshmen. Props: Marilyn DeSanla
Chairman. Elizabeth Stnplcton, Bar~
burn DuBrcy. Sophomores. and Ida
Cicclsky ‘58. Mukc-up: Fran Vcr-
vcii. Chairman. Theresa Murphy,
Seniors, Barbara Murniinc ’56, Rita
Chi'istmun, Burburii Baum, Vera
Freud. Sophomores. Programs: Keith
Yundoh ‘57, Chairman. Ruth Fair-
burn, Richard Von Scoy, Juniors;
Barbara Wcinstock. Richard Cod-
oington. Sophoinorcs, and Marilyn
Darzun.) '58. Lights: Alan Stephen-
son, Chairman, Fritz Crumb, Sen-
iors, Richard Baldwin '56, and Rich-
ard Erbachcr ’57. Sound; Marie
Dcvinc '56, Chairman. Ushers: Mar-
garet Culligon ‘57, Chairman, Ed-
nii All(li‘l‘>illl ’56, Mary Lou Moiser,
Mary Furucr, Sophomores. Hclcn
Bclncr, Susan Fusco. Theresa Moli—
um. Rim Scurcllctlu and Nancy
Puglino. ircshincn. Assistance with
Music: Susan Gurrctt and George
Dunbar. Juniors. Orchestra: Joseph
McDchli. Cairoi (icrcly, William
Slickcl. Seniors, Poul Polilo. Cor-
illllll Virgilio. Juniors. Richard
Pnrkcr. .luck Hiuliuin. Donald But—
lcr. Clyde Pziync. Sinihomorcs. Rob-
crt Copucilcck. Alan Budnorck, and
lion All':~iiill(li‘l' '58. Orclicstrutions:
l\‘cil Brown, (ii'nd. and Chris Bchr.

Psychology Discussion
Club Meets Tuesday

l’mchology Club will inch this
in ‘.\‘.lil)' cycning ill 7:30 |l.lll. in Bru-
l..u-hcr Activity iioom. The sub-
.lli‘. oi tlu' mcctln; will bc :i Iliilli‘l
discus ion nnnolznccs Donald How-
old. ‘57 President.

The subject of thc poncl will be
"‘l'lu- l~iicct of War on Personality".
.Iohn Mllll'l' '50, John Erllc and John
11an. li'cslnncn \\ili lliil'lll'llillll' ill
disclr ~llill along with a faculty ino-
dcruior.

’l'li". puncl is llic M'l'llllil of u scrics
oi n.:‘.ici discus-ions which will iii-
clnd.- "I‘Xllll'lllilili uiid Pcrsonulily"
and "l’rcpidicc and l‘crsonulily."

SUB Elects Member;

Purchases Furniture

l\lll'lllil'l Muslim '57 was clccicd
Hop minorc nicnilicr oi ilic Sludciil.
illlll‘ll liourd nnnounccs Alli-c (J'Ncil
l’i‘csuil-nl.

'l‘w) .llllllllllllllill ping—pong tables
and tho ll lcvlsion chairs wci'c pur-
iin-.. «l out of lhc i‘uciliiics buduct
:nld :i'l‘i\l‘il lliis wcck. ’l‘lic llli'ill-
llc. Iiuducl \\llll'll was sci up to fur-
nioh llil' union with llilll.il pnrchus-
i'n ll.l bm-n nscd up Any further
purrhnscs of this nuinrc will (‘ilillf‘
out of lhc Hindcnl illildll liourd‘s
budgct so all uscrs lll'I‘ rcqliested
to Like riii'c of Home ltciiis.

 

ITA'I'I COLLEGE um. FRIDAY. MARCH IO. 1088

gate/range Wit/t BIA/{ab

The five delegates from State who participated in
the exchange program with Buffalo State have sub-
mitted the following reports.

Student Government

We were met about 6 am. at the bus station and
given a two—hour tour of the city. In the next few
days we attended a few classes, several activities, and
talked with many people. The Buffalo campus is
really a campus with all the buildings within a
stone's .throw. They have a new library, large gym,
and swnnming pool. But we felt our academic stand-
ards were noticeably higher, so we were all glad to
get back to our Albany classes (????).

The Student Government is somewhat similar to
ours. It is ﬁnanced by a student Tax. Athletic Tax,
and Camp Tax. Their main student assembly meets
only a few times during the semester, to ratify the
budget. etc. The main executive and legislative group
is Student Congress, differing from our Student Coun-
cd only in the fact that each major (e.g. art. ele-
mentary education) is represented. There is no ju-
dicial body as such. Congress has several boards
under it, they in turn running the camp, dramatics,
publications. etc. Each group on campus has a fee-
ility advisor. elected by the group. The advisor usual-
ly has no vote. By the same token, each faculty and
administrative committee has students on it. Stu-
dents help or control food and housing, and are now
on a committee doing a complete revision of the en-
tire academic curriculum. The effect and atmosphere
of the total school is cooperation of the students,
faculty and administration, not control by any faction.

The thing which impressed us most was the infor-

mality of the faculty-student relationship. A teacher
feels free to eat lunch with students and not have
them shy away in horror for fear of being called a
brown-nose. Theresa Barber '56
Union ___._
In studying the Union at Buffalo in comparison to
ours, we discovered that although the two unions
have the same purpose they are very different in fa~
cilitics and organization. Their union. like our, is
incorporated in with the girls’ dorms.

The lounge is about the same size as one of ours.
ii, is furnished in an oriental manner and it is strik-
ineg different and beautiful. It contains the TV set
and is usually over-crowded. It has a. fireplace that
can be used. unlike ours.

The union contains four activity rooms and a music
room which are used for their club meetings and
many times, rooms in the school must be used.

Their co-op is also in the Union. It is much smaller
than ours and has a much poorer stock.

Their Pubiication's office is very modern and is
about twice the size of ours.

Their snack bar and game room are combined into
one large room about the size of our game room.
There is no room for dancing and only one ping-pong
table. Their snack bar is not used as a meeting place
as much as ours, even though they have a higher
student enrollment. This is true because of the small
amount of students who live on campus.

Residence

Three hundred eighty-four of the two thousand
two hundred students live in dorms. The rest
either make their home in Buffalo and commute
(about 60'; of the students are commuters) or live
in private boarding houses. Three hundred girls live
in North and West Halls. which compares favorably
with Brubacher in facilities. The other eighty-four
live in temporary housing somewhat like our bar-
racks. The cost of room and board for a semester is
$270, while it is $278 at Bru. The warning system is
very unique. The girls have hours, but if a girl comes
lll ten minutes late and has a fairly respectable ex-
cilSL‘, the incident is forgotten. The students run the
system and have final say on what the girl's pun-
ishment will be, if any.

Iv'ood

Although their students pay less for room and board
than do our, their food, in quality and quantity very
cvidcntly surpasses ours. For breakfast they have eggs
every morning plus another main dish, eg. bacon
Fi‘cncii toiist. etc. They get their toast made to order.
cg. you can have raisin bread or white bread. etc.
They can have all the inlik and butter they want.
Likc our system they do not serve lunches. For sup-
pcrs, the quality is generally superior to ours. They
can always have seconds on everything (milk, butter,
dcscrts, salad) except meat. Michael Maxlan ’57

Academic Work

Buffalo State offers its students a choice of seven
uluicrgrnduotc courses. These are Art, Early Child-
hood, Elcmcnlary. Education for Exceptional Chil-
rcn. Hone Ecolioiiiics, Industrial Arts, and Elemen-
uiry School Administration. The subject matter in
firm curricula is much easier, less extensive than that
oli‘crcd here. However, I think our curricula pro-
vldrs iiioi'c wcll—roundcd and thorough education. For
0110 thing, our frcc-ciioicc electives and humanities
courscs cuvcr n iiilii'li wider field than do Buffalo's.

All ilull'alo sludcnts are required to take a course
lll l"llnduinclii.ul Ari. and Shop \Vork mid ll Rudiments
of Music course where everyone learns to play the

 

piano and the flutophone. In addition, all freshmen
are required to take Swimming. If the basic strokes
are not mastered within the first year, the course
must be repeated.

Education courses at Buffalo provide more prac-
tical experience but less theory than education courses
in Albany. Observation is begun during the freshman
year in the campus school. For one semester during
the Junior year every student participates and as-
sists the instructor daily for half a day. Practice
teaching. which is done either during the second
semester of the Junior year or one semester of the
Senior year consists of experience in two different
situations—nine weeks in a medium-sized school and
nine weeks in a one or two-room school.

The faculty-student ratio at Buffalo is about 17:1
whereas here it is about 11:1. Despite this, classes at
Buffalo, especially lecture sections are smaller than
classes here. Sheila Lister ’57

Sports

The major sports at Buffalo State Teachers are:
track, cross country, swimming. soccer and basketball.
The soccer squad engages such competition as Gene-
seo ,Army, Brmkport, Sampson and many of the high
calibre athletic colleges of Canada.

The Physical Education department has four male
instructors assigned by administration to coaching
duties along wit hregular instruction. Two coaches
are faculty paid and two draw salaries from student
tax funds.

The physical education plant of BSTC is housed
in an individual physical education building. The
college gym is about the size of Page and is equipped
with partitions for dividing the gym into two smaller
gyms. The gym has a seating capacity of approxi—
mately 1,500 and is without a balcony. Beneath the
gym is the college swimming pool of large size. An
addition to the gym is planned for next fall.

The Student Personnel Committee meets each week
with faculty and student representatives of each of
the school councils. The SP0 is composed of about
30 members. In regular attendance at the meetings
are President Rice and the Deans of the College. The
group acts in a policy-making capacity and also in
a lesser degree as an advisory board to the President‘s
cabinet. The councils represented in the SPC are
srgceech arts. music, athletics. faculty, administration,
e .

The Student Association of BSTC owns a chlege
camp similar in operation to the college camps owned
by ﬁve of the eleven state teachers' colleges. The
camp, located on 60 acres of land, includes a number
of lean-to's for overnight camping, two ponds suit-
able for ﬁshing and swimming and a modern main
lodge accommodating fifty persons. The initial pur—
chase of the camp was made about three years ago
with a down payment from student funds surplus
and the remaining expenditure was underwritten by
the school administration. The students each year pay
a 500 per capita assessment for repaying the admin-
istration's loan. Last year an attendance of 11.000
persons was recorded at the camp.

The College Camp is located about 30 miles from
the school and is available to school organizations for
weekend usage. Going along with a trend in many
elementary and high schools for the incorporation
into the curriculum of courses in conservation and
outdoor life the camp is used for educational purposes
for the college enrollment and students of the campus
school. The camp is operated on funds from a budget
from Student Tax and its operation is in the hands of
a camp board of six students and two faculty mem-
bers on an elected self-perpetuating basis.

Frank MeEvoy ‘57

Odds and Ends

Their system of cutting is quite different than ours.
Any absence from class is strictly the business of the
student and instructor. The administration does not
concern itself with cuts, as they expect the students
and faculty to carry out the arrangement effectively.
Their probation system is arranged in different lev-
els. If your work is below par~you fall into a specific
category. depending on the marks you received. One
thing that especially impressed us was the presence
of an inter-faith Chapel with a full-time Chaplain
for the guidance and help of students. Perhaps this
chapel accounts for the strength and interest in
various religious organizations on the campus. ’l‘licy
play it leading role in the lives of practically cycry
Buffalo State student. The Medical. Health SCI'Vli'l‘
department at Buffalo differs from ours in that they
have two nurses and a part-time doctor instead of
doctors as we have. They are just instituting a new
insurance policyﬁUnion Mutual of Portland. Maine
which seems to be very comprehensive for $8.00 per
semester.

As you enter the Union of Buffalo. there is a main
Information desk with someone always on dilly. In-
ciclentitlly~wliut 11 shock to see boys on switchboard!
Buffalo State has adopted ll Japanese tciuhcr's col—
lege. They try to supply text books inid small funds
for this school in an effort to better rcliillons.

Jean Ilngeiiy ’i'ili

  

. man's

Pettit Announces
Theatre Tryouts,-
Explains Arena

Try-outs for the final State Col-

lege Theatre production of the cur-
rent season will be held in Draper
349 on Friday, March 25, from 4 to
5 pm. and from 7:30 to 9 p.m., an-
nounces Paul Bruce Pettlt, Associ-
ate Professor of English (Theatre).

The spring production will be J.
B. Priestley’s sparkling comedy-
mystery Laburnum Grove. The p.ay
contains 6 male and 3 female roles.
A copy of the play is now on the
reserve shelf of the library for those
who are interested in looking it
over. Since Page Hall will be re-
modeled at the time of the spring
play, the production this year will
be given arena style with the facil-
ities of the State College Arena
Summer Theatre. Because of the
small seating capacity of the Page
Hall Arena Theatre and the size of
our student body. it will be possible
to run the play for six consecutive
Eights. from May 16 through May

All students interested in acting
or in working in any production
phase of this show are invited to
come to 349 on the specified hours
on Friday. March 25. Students who
are interested in working with this
production but who cannot make
those times should write a note to
Dr. Petlii informing him of their
interest.

Religious Clubs
Schedule Events

Religious Clubs have Lenten Serv-
ices. Pruyer Meetings. and Lenten
discussions on their agendas for the
coming week.

Newman Club will hold its regu-
lar meeting on Thursday night at
7:30 pm, The topic of this meeting
will be “The Meaning of Holy
Week." Plans will also be discussed
for the forthcoming retreat being
sponsored by Newman, which will
begin on Friday. March 25. and close
with a Communion Breakfast on
Sunday. March 27.

On Thursday morning at '7, Cali-
terbury Club will hold its weekly
Corporate Communion and Break-
fast at St. Andrew‘s Church. Trans-
portation will be provided for these
sludcnts with eight o'clock classes.

On Thursday evening. Canter-
bury Club will hold its regular meet-
ing at 7:30 in Brubacher. The meet-
ing will comprise of Lenten dis-
cussion on selected subjects.

The inter-Varsity Christian Fel-
lowship will have a panel discussion
on Baptism. with Miss Tartwell as
moderator. at their meeting at Bru-
bacher on Thursday at 7:30 pm. On
Saturday at 6:30 pm. the group
will sponsor a prayer meeting at
Brubilchei' Hall.

 

no

fxg/u‘h/C‘x.
/ {or}:


L/DJEM

 

 

 

 

Joe’s Barber Shop

53 N. Lake Ave"
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARRIERS
We Aim To Pleat.

 

 

Gerald Drug (lo.

217 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.
l‘bono 0-8610

 

“The Mayflower”

SODA BAR
CANDY
Ice Cream to Take Out
209 Central Avenue
PHONE: 3-9071

“Around the Corner

 

 

Campus Casuals for the College Co-ed

Softies - Loafers - Low Heel Dress - Oxfords
Suedes - Leathers - Combinations

SEE THEM A'l‘

MICHELSON’S SHOES

230 CENTRAL AVE.

from State College”

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

