 

'AQI-l...

 

" 75 .i‘TAﬂCQI-LICINMVFRIDAY. PIIRUARY 2!; 1093

March 19,-" Director Casts Parts

The All-College Revue, under the
direction of J. Ruben Garcia '55,
will take place Saturday evening.
March 19. This production’s aim is
to unite the classes on campus in
a college production, as the name
indicates.

Garcia's assistants are Evelyn
Ruben '55, Dialogue Director; Neil
Brown, Grad, Music Director, and
Assistants to the Music Director,
George Dunbar ’55, and Susan Gar-
rett ’56. Coyordinator of the revue

hf David. genesis!» and Share???

  
Secure... Locations;

1 from Page 1, Column?)

Page Gym will be the scene-of
Brubacher Hall’s “Penny Arcadeiio
AMIA’s “Midway”; WAA's “Basket-
ball Throw"; Forum’s “Squirt Guns”
and Beta Zeta's “Circus”. Psi Gam-
ma and Gamma Kappa Phi will

 

grapher is Salvatore Zaccaro '58.

The cast and parts portrayed
will include the following: Mary
Ann Johnpoll. Priscilla Prim;
Arlene Yanks, Anastasia Drip,
Seniors; William Small, William
Prim; Marie Devine, Prunella Prim;
Alan Weiner, Donald Juan; Mat-
thew McMahon, Marty, Juniors;
Theodore Pederson, Peter the ped-
dler; Richard Erbacher and Bar-
bara Hungerford, newlyweds; Hor-
ace Crandall, second sulter, Soph-
omores.

Also. Martha Ross, Anne Logan;
Victor Goldie, first sulter; Anthony
Oliviero, third suiter; Jacqueline
Pacht, Clarissa Chill; Judith Am-
broslno, Bubbles; Norman Chaucer,
Stony; and Joseph Szarek, Bull;
freshmen.

The people of Loversville and the
people of Prudesville will be por-
trayed by the Chorus and the
statesmen will portray their own
roles while Karl A. B. Peterson,
Associate Professor of Music. will
play the role of Pastor Peterson.

share the Commons. Both will pre- _

sent shows in each half of the Com-
mons. - -
Circulating Concession

‘Members of Sigma Phi Sigma,
Stiident‘Union Board and The State
College News will be circulating
around the Fair al levening. SPS
will sell corsages; NeWs a special
a' special Satire issue the State Col-
lege ,Gnus; SUB, Programs.
Main Cafeteria

The main Cafeteria will feature
Alpha Pl Alpha's "Penny Pitch".
Kappa Beta’s “Table Madness";
Dramatics and Arts Council's "Mas-
querade": Music Council's “Dart
Throw"; Phi Delta’s “Chuckwagon”;
Myskania’s "Water Pistols"; Debate
Council’s “De Bait Bowl”; Potter
Club's “Potter-graph": and the Fac-
ulty‘s “Candy and Cookies" booth.

Thurlow Hall will have “B.B.
Shooting” in the Old Commons. Chi
Sigma Theta will sell food there.
The Student Council raffle will be
held at the drinkng fountain in
rowel Husted. The Religious Clubs
will. be selling "Souvenirs" there

also.
Concessions Set in Husted

In the Milne Cafeteria Commuters
Club will sell coffee; Sayles Hall
wl‘l present a show; Press Bureau.
“Dart Game.” Newman Hall will
have a “Hitchhig Post" by the Hus-
ted stairs. Sigma Lambda Sigma will
have a “Soak-a-thon" by the Hus-
ted workshop. .
.The lower Husted perister will
be the location of: a “Penny Pitch".
sponsored by Campus Commission,
and "Wheel of Fortune", Commerce
Club. Upper Husted will becomes
theatre where Spanish Club Will
present move. Hilltop will give a
“Herror Show" in the Locker Room.

Kappa Delta will present a show
in the Back Cafeteria. Pierce Hall
will have a food concession at the
cafeteria rail. Park House's “State
Lnion" will be at the small rail.

Dramatics and Arts Affiliates wil
be stationed at all the entrances
with turnstiles.

Registrar Completes
Semester Enrollment

The complete second semester en—
rollment has been released by Ruth
Lape, Registrar. The total enroll-
ment of 1,738 students is apportion-
ed among 986 females and 752 males.

A total of 195 graduates are en-
rolled for master's degrees. includ-
ing 121 males and '14 females. The
Class of 1955 has 87 men and 130
women for a total number of 223
students. Males numbering 135 and
females 19’? comprise the totill num-
ber of 332 in the Class of '56.

The class containing the greatest
number of male students. 200, is the
Class of '57 which also has 224 fe-
males for an aggregate of 444. The
freshmen with a total of 480, in-
cluding 168 men and 319 Women

have the largest total enrollment

of a class. There lll'C also 32 males
and 10 females enrolled ill the Class
of '59 (January Clll'illltll(:lll8i. Spo-
clal students complete the list with
nine inch and seven women.

The total number of now regis-
trants is 119 and il total of 173
losses makes for a nut decrease in
enrollment from last semester of 5-1.

 

Students Stage Ali-College Revue l pom 0m 74. gm I

By ELIZABETH STEIFELD

The Missouri Miner ran the fol-
lowing example of fraternity life in
a recent issue:

“Say Bob, can I borrow your pen?"

"sure."

“Got a sheet of writing paper?”

"Reckon so."

"Going past the mailbox on your
way out?"

“Uh-huh."

“Wait a minute 'til I finish this
letter. will you?"

“All right."

“Want to lend me a stamp?"

“Much obliged; say, what's your
girl's address?"
it! Q 0
Some news from overseas. . . . A
few weeks ago an experiment was
conducted between two large Eng-
lish universities. The Varsity, Cam-
bridge University’s 12 page weekly
came out with a special Oxford edi-
tion which was sold around the
Oxford campus to undergraduates
at a reduced price, to compete with
their own weekly which sells at
that price. The editor of Varsity
said at the onset of the project:
“This is purely experimental. We

 

 

  
  

IN THE WHOLE
WIDE W.ORLD—~

 

3HPutoSMlLEinyour

7’ CHESTERFIELD 75w

You’ll smile your approval of Chesterfield's
smoothness— mildnoss—reireshing taste.

You'll smile your approval of Chesterfield's
quality—highest quality—Low nicotine.

N0 CIGARETTES’W iIKE CHESTERFIELD

hope to sell about 2,000 copies. It.
will hardly cost us anything extra,
and will be the cheapest piece of
education. Oxford has ever had." We
await the next issue of Varsity for
a reckoning of the final results and
retaliations (if any).

t Ill O

The Duquesne Duke ran what
they consider a typical college let-
ter home and its answer:

Dear Dad,

Guess what I need most of
all. That's right. You guessed
it. Send soon,

Your Son.
The answer:

Dear NOrman,

Nothing ever happens. We
kNOw you like school. Write us
aNOther letter soon. ArNOld
was asking about you Monday.
NOW we must say good-bye.

The GoverNOr.
It '4 O

The Syracuse Daily Orange told of
a music revue in one college news-
paper:

“An amateur string quartet play-
ed Brahms here this evening.
Brahms lost."

  
   
 
  

Spanish Group
To Sponsor Film

At [State Fair’

Pan Amigos is planning to bring
two Spanish films to State College
in the near future, according to
William LaBarr '55, President.

The first of these films will be
a fifteen minute production to be
presented in upper Husted during
State Fair. It's entitled “El Terrible
Toreador."

Plans have been drawn up for
the presentation of a full length
feature film entitled “Angel O‘Dem-
onic.” This film will be shown on
Tuesday and Wednesday, March 8
and 9.

The purpose of the Spanish Club
of State College is to promote an
appreciation of the music, litera-
ture, history and customs of the
Spanish-speaking peoples of the
world through the study of Spanish
songs, plays, etc.

Membership in the club is open
to any student of State College
who would be interested in such a
study.

 

SMOKING 1

® boom is Mm» Too/1cm Co

“swan-wrwmw-mmv—Nmm‘mm - < A

 

must—WI... .,.,

.w. WW “WWW—v Wqﬁr-nm.‘ ,.vr..:y.__,.‘.._,«_s_.me

 

 

 

eason Finale Pits State Heapsiers
olio Benefit To Feature Wrestling Sli

 

PLAY FINALE TOMORROW

 

First row: John Minon. Gerald McDonald. Dennis Dempster, Joseph
Anderson. Sigmund Smith. Bruce King. Second row: Coach Hathaway,
Jack Gibson. Jack Peacock, Nels LaRoc, Lew Carr. Donald Meyer. John
Rookwood. Manager Alan Stephenson. Trainer Walter Barbash.

 

I
With Basketball Game Tomorrow
will conclude Sunday. Guides have siding at Potter House while the
The delegates from Buffalo are; State at Buffalo are Theresa Bars

Prank McEvoy, Sophomores.

and Myskania meeting Thursday.
Tests Thursday

tion and Exchange committee.
order that they may participate in of the deleiatcs at the Stilts—Hell‘pui‘
are required to attend and should er's Game Room after the athletic
lunch. announces David Hartley,
Dow or  Freshmen Attend
who are to report and the room aS-   
son 29 and the Gym.

states Ellen C. Stokes, Dean of
Princeton. New Jersey. is being car- bu held 0“ Tuesduv‘ meh 8‘
“‘0 “’Unu'y- The Objectwe 0f the on the Student Personnel Office
and to make possible fl comparison
parts of the country. I

education as a profession. The Class
“mum l“ " “mm-V "1 “mm with supervisors at Millie. It will

The exchange program with Buf— Patricia Davies, Gail Stephenson,
l‘nlo State which began Wednesday Sophomores. Schaedel has been re-
bccii conducting the exchange stu- women have been guests of Bru-
dcnts around our campus. bachcr Hall. The students from
Joseph Schaedel. Rita chelowitz, be“. Jen.” Hageny. Juniors: and
Sew“; Esther Caters“ '56, and Sheila Lister. Michael Maxlan, and

Also the delegates attended Stu-

OP  a e dent Council meeting, Wednesday.

This afternoon they will attend a

meetng of the College Administra-
V All Sophomores Will be EXCUSEd The weekend will be concluded to-
il'Om Classes 311 day Thul'SdaY in inorl'ov.'cvening with the attendance
the .Nﬂtional 00118138 Sophomore basketball game and they will also
Testing Program. All Sophomore-9 be present at the dance in Bl'ubach-
expect to be present from 9 am. to event,
5 pm. with a designated hour for

Lists will be posted on the bulle-
tin hoards announcing those people
Sl’.’.lllTlGlltS. The tests will be at- ‘ _ .
ministered in Draper 349, Richard- Show “'1” be a” omenmtion 595'

51011 Tuesday for all freshmen,

The program. which was set up Wmm, .

' n ‘ n . . _ I . an and Dawd Hartley, Dean of
by ‘hv Edutﬂumml Team”; SC‘V'CC' Men. Three orientation periods will
ricd l'il n six Tcnrhcrs Cxlllezcs in .

 I _ n V _ 15. and 22 at 10 am. Room asSign—
NC‘V “"k sum and “ones” “C1055 mcnls for these meetings are posted
program is to supply information 1‘. .
to aid the student's self-appraisal Bljl'um Bomd‘ ,

l‘ho three scssmns will be coli-
of this college with others in v.1rious (“med by “)0 Edmutlon Delml't'
limit and Will be concerned with

All participating Sopholnorcs will V. I . . .
be tested on their general ank— \_\11_1 m, Fill/med ul).lmo indwlduul

serious 101 small discussion gioups
be the first touch that freshmen will
  how: with professional courses.

Weekgnd Parties Super-Sensitive Play Set By Peifif
     Unique Staging Planned For sho

and Chi Sigma Theta lll‘C planning
parties for this weekend. Chi Sigma cm!“ wmshwk name wouldn't
"I‘ -\-\ I  I’-’ I'll . I
“Ml “(Hmy llng “n mill“ ill,” llnpl'l'ss ono With any accomplish-
coroinony, and Psi Cnnnlnii ll(l(l lL- mom m mmwmr BM by no“ Fri-
1" ‘ ll"(lis. ‘ ‘ ~ ‘
Infant“! 11”“ ,l I) 1 . day and Saturday. March 11 nlid 12.
11”" “"i‘ill'm ll"'" 8 l” l“' I,“ [he l-ognolncn will be meaningful to
(iiillllllll will hold its Opcli House for “ “mum. muss 01. Stuwsnwn “S Lhcv
SlilIl-slin'n. Chun'inclr for the event \~i(.\\l [ho drnlnii Miss Wilisloc \Vtuu,‘
lll‘i‘ lini'linl'u Dozendoi, and Barbara “ms in Uniform. PM“ Hull will be

(lllll'. Jllllllll'h- (hr theatre scttillg, 8:30 pin. will be

At Psi (illinlnn‘s rci-cntly livid l'C- tho i'lll'llllll tllnc. and State College
|)llll'i'ill('lll i‘li‘('LlilllS, Marlon Stl'in ’l‘llclllrc will he tho body presenting
'57 was chosen Silllltli‘ilili‘l', and Judy inc pluy,

Lilies '50 was clccicd 'l‘l‘i‘llSlll'L‘l'. ‘
On gummy m 6 pm 1110 plcdum Dr. Paul is. Pcttlt has assumed the
of (lllllllllll Kappa Phi will givc u ‘l”“‘"“”'““ll’v “1mm “’th Mill'lm'le
I I if v y . , ’. . . .
party for the men who were wuli-  1;]isllhbﬁfT‘KJV‘ﬁiiEileggs;- 
ci-s for their Flil‘lillll chkclld. stutcs ‘ ' l: , t B ‘ -
Vlili‘i'llt "iii Chilil'llliln “H'lm'l ('“HL l‘" some tlmU» “lb”-
mglh 9mm“ lm’wt’u minim.“ Mm._ ('illlll'..{ llli‘lll into it coinpetciit unity
gilrcl Williams '57 lost work, “l, ‘H‘l'hl’l‘mﬁv
An iulnouncclncnt from liilu Kon: lll cm! the lnuximiiinamount of
lsltl ‘fili. Cliuii'lllnll, states that Chi lllllqucncss oi the illlllll’, (llllll'li‘ﬁ
Crowdcr ’57, has Worked on lill un-

Sl;lilll Thcla's Date Party will be
mild tonight from ii to 12. usual stage setting of elevated plat.

Coach Hathaway and his Peda-
gogue hoopsters will bring down the
curtain on another cage season to-
morrow when they face the hard-
wood quintet of Harpur College,
after taking on New Paltz in an
away game today. Donning Ped uni-
forms for the last time will be. co—
captains Nels LeRoe and Gerry
McDonald. The game, besides being
the home finale, will be put on as a
polio benefit game. Sponsored by
the Athletic Public Relations Board,
money from concessions, contribu-
tions. gate receipts, and the sale of
brochures will be turned over to
fight the crippling disease. A dance
will follow at Brubacher. Those peo-
ple making contributions at the door
of the dance will be allowed extend—
ed hours untll 1:30 am.

Off to Slow Start

After getting off to a slow sea-
sonal start the local hoopsters will
be out to make it a stronger finish
and attempt to rack up victory num-
ber three. Their record now reads
2-14.

 

it

Tuesday night against Oneonta
the Hathawaymen followed their
usual pattern of last half drives that
again fell short.

Pods Led Oneonta at Half

The first half was somewhat un-
usual as the Feds were able to build
up one of their few half time leads.
After watching the Dragon’s Olive
and Slawson dunk in two jump shots
and standing helplessly by as Green
sank two of his ten fouls the local
teachers got rolling on a couple of
Gerry McDonald’s foul shots. After
six minutes State pulled out ahead
on a driving layup by McDonald and
one from underneath by high scor-
ing Nels LaRoe.

The lead quickly changed hands
but was back in the hands of the
locals on Sig Smith’s jump. drive.
and foul. and a set by LaRoe.
State Assumes Lead

The Peds hit a peak lead on Rock-
wood‘s two fouls. but the lead soon
vanished and was only regained as

 list...

i

 

arpur;

a.   .
om ,,..en.ce

Sig Smith hooped in his fifteenth
point. Oneonta came back strong
in the second half with nine straight
tallies. The locals then got ahold of
themselves and led by LaRoe and
Smith. dropped the gap to four.
With ten minutes to go, Oneonta
jumped to a 12 point lead on a jump
shot by Smith of Oneonta.

Led by Don Mayer the locals be-
gan slowly to cut the visitors lead.
With 2:05 left to play, Anderson
hooped one in from under, and
Smith brought down the house with
a hoop clearing set that cut the
lead to two points, with the Page
clock showing 1:36. State’s hopes
rose when Stewart missed a foul
shot. Mayer gave the cheering crowd
something to sigh about as his shot
just failed to climb over the rim.
Sig Smith’s set with five seconds
left to play went in vain as 11 sec-
onds earlier, Stewart dismissed him-
self i‘rom the temporary goat's role
by sinking a foul to sew up the game.

State Colleg

 

News

W“winning,”

will qgwi’g

    

 

Z 460

AD Directors
Plan Tryouts
For Presentation

Tryouts for the second set of Ad—
vanced Dramatics Class Presenta-

4 pm. to 5:30 pm. in Draper 349.
reporis Marie Devine '56, Publicity
Director. Any student may try out
for a part: ,

The second presentation will be
held April 5. It will feature Part
two of "Henry IV" by William
Shakespeare. Thomas Smith ’56 will
direct this first play of the second
evening of plays of the semester,

Two other plays will be presented

ALBANY. NEW YORK, FRIDAY. MARCH 4. 1955

VOL. XXXX NO. 5

Fraternities Pledge 78 Freshmen,
21 Upperclassmen At Ceremonies

Fraternities have pledged 99 men during the last week.
These 99 pledges consist of 78 freshmen and 21 upper-
classmen. Edward Eldred Potter Club pledged 44; 33 fresh-
men, 11 upperclassmen; Kappa Beta 11; eight freshmen,
guns for second semester win be three upperclassmen; Sigma Lambda Sigma 33; 31 fresh-
held Tuesday and Wednesday from men, two upperclassmen; and Alpha Pi Alpha 11; five fresh-

Deon Releases

List Of Honor

Students Today

The Dean's List for the Fall Sem-

lhat evening. They will be directed ester has been released by Oscar E.

by Barbara
Schecter, Juniors.

MHNL‘C and 501mm Lanford, Dean of the College. The
Dean's List is composed of all stu-

The third and final presentation dents with a 3.0 average or above.

will contain three

experimental The following students are on the

dramas from plays by modern and list:

highly imaginative playwritcs. The
directors for the last evening will
be Joan Ginsburg.
and Eleanor Goldman, Juniors.

Mls. Mary A. Aiken, Carol Allen,

Helen smbbs Beverly Andy, Fred Arcorucl. Fred-
erick Ashworth, Ray Baker, Robert

Baker, Columbine Bill'llll, Norma

Biii‘lihiirt. Barbara Barton, Evelyn
. Bcals. William Behuillak. Carol Bell,
I Elliott Bcnowltz, Robert Betscliu.
Aniiritii Binnco. Arline Birnbnuni.

w Sylvm

Ardiuiiii Bosno, Joseph Britt, Wil-

Bogan. Wendell Borden.

“mm. The design for stage layout llani Brolaiid. Erik Buck, Mary Bul-

wus accomplished by a gentleman
of the Equity Library Theatre 0
New York.

lock, Janet Burt, Anthony Cumpo,
1: Donald Clipuuilu. Dclorcs Ciiriicr.

Cliilloll Carpenter, Lewis Carr. Eve-
“ l 'n C stlci‘, Dnvld Ch ) g . '-
’l‘hc jlst of the play reveals that ﬁlm U um] um} Mm

Chcnfeld, Madclne Clilnl,

“‘0 “Willie-9011‘“ collcglﬂm Wm “00 Louise Christolon, Richard Clifford,

a super-sensitive production. It re-

George Cochran. F‘i‘cldn Coheli. Bill'-

volvcs around a girl, herself very bum Cole Hurry Cook“. Burbmu
sensitive, and the maddening effect lp‘cbko Edward Come“ Sam” CH“

ll coarse system of education can
have on her.

illel‘. Mill‘y Crawford,
‘ Chl'lsiinni. Ella Curtis. Jacqueline
’l‘hc \vliolc evening should be an Din-11'“;

Rosemarie

Marcia Dalbcc. Lucretia

lllVln'Ul‘llUllll “Peril—“100- Dl'~ Palm D'Alldl'cu, William Dc Grout, Dennis
has blinked n ill'Cllt (10111 On the llCP- Dcmpstcr. Marie Dennison, Charles
l'orlmincc. mid. for the first time DCl'Wlll. Min-lo Dcvlnc, Bill‘lml'u De-
in State 'I‘llcllll‘t’ hlSlUl'y 11 lJl‘eﬁellm' \lltt, Bill‘bill‘ll Dczcndorf. and Mary
tioli will be run for two succcsivc Donne,

nights.
Lower l-iustcd will be the spot

Also. Sylvia Doody. John Downcs.

for presenting Student ’I‘iix Cards mlm” Dl‘dl‘W- Henrietta Dllfm'tv
and getting tickets, which, for out- Gem" Dunb‘m DONE Duml- lel'
slders. will run $1.00. All seats ie- “’5 Dumlv Sum” DUNS“, Mm‘y

served.

(Continued on Page 6, Column 1)

men, six upperclassmen. Following
are a list of the pledges in each fra-
ternlty:

Potter Club pledged two Juniors,
nine Sophomores and 33 freshmen.
They are James Wrinn and Richard
Sonncrgi'een. Juniors; Robert Back-
er, John Benton, Lewis Carr, Austin
Lcahy. William Mason, Bruce Willis,
Joseph 21221. John Knapp and Henry
Muller, Sophomores. F r 0 sh in en
pledges are: Henry Aceto, Ronald
Alexander. Peter Barbagelata, Jos-
eph Barton. Gerald Birr, Robert
Bosoinworth, Donald Brennan.
Thomas Brierly, Nils Briska. Paul
Cullen. Ross Dailey, James Denlo,
Wendell Fowler, Ira Goldstein. Karl
Gulbord, Ronald Graves, Wayne
Harvey. Anthony Kordziel, Richard
Kotsl. Richard Lindsay, Thomas
Morgan, Donald Mayer. Harry Mil-
ictt. James Morissey. Keith Olson.
Bruce Pi‘ni'i’, Jack Talc. Hollis Tib-
betts, Caesar Ncncetti, Frank Di-
Noto, Jack Gibson. Robert Woyton
and Ellierson Mlllcr.

Kappa Beta pledged one Junior,
two Sophomores. and nine freshmen.
IOonIinllt-d on Page 6, Column 4/

Assembly To Witness

President’s Installation

Installation of the newly elected
President of Student Association,
Robcrt Conn '55, will be held in as-
sembly this morning. Conn was
elected iii the replacement election
which was held last Friday.

Of the total of 578 ballots cast
Conn received 354. The quota was:

578 x 100
—-—~—‘ -le 1;: 28901. quota.
l + 1

 

