  
 
    
 

   
  
  
 
 
 

PAGI 2

The a... ICA . . .

ICA! What is it? What does it do? How can State bene-
fit from belonging to this organization?

ICA is the Inter-Collegiate Association of the eleven
State Teachers’ Colleges of New York State. Many of us
here at Albany, as well as at the other colleges, never knew
there was such a student group in existence. To some of
those who were aware of such an association, it meant
little more than a yearly conference where student repre-
sentatives of each college gathered to discuss college prob-
lems, and to have a good time.

ICA can and should mean more than this. As a result
of the annual conference, which was held at Geneseo State
in December this year, a new constitution was tentatively
drawn up and should be completed sometime this year.
This new constitution provides for a strong, active and
closely-knit association which can greatly benefit all those
colleges participating.

What benefits will we derive from membership in this
strengthened ICA? By having a closer unity between the
other units of the university system through newsletters,
a central information service, the yearly conference and
other special meetings, we may find the answers to some
of the unanswered questions and problems we have. Ex-
amples of these include a possible representative form of
government, an effective exchange‘program, a student as—
sociation bus, and countless other items which keep the
various branches of our student government in long hours
of discussion.

Another goal of the new ICA is to act as a pressure
group in the state legislature to assist in obtaining im-
provements such as higher teaching salaries, and better
facilities for the State colleges. An individual college could
do little along this line, whereas eleven unified colleges
in the form of the Inter-Collegiate Association would have
more influence.

Support with an active interest is the best program
that we can offer to strengthen ICA. As one of the eleven
State Colleges, ICA needs Albany to form a strong organi-
zation. We need ICA for the betterment of our college and
that of the University system.

Editor’s Note: In combination with the chart cur-
rently posted on the Student Council bulletin board, locat-
ed in upper Husted, relative to 10A anzl its recent confer-
ence, we accept the above article submitted by a non-NEWS
member of Student Association, and deem it worthy of
publication in the editorial column.

The 10 p.m. Motion . . .

Wednesday evening Student Council finally climbed
out of the maze of busmess usually transacted by the or-
ganization, and found time to discuss and make changes
in its own constitution. This is interesting since Student
Counc11 is empowered in the SA Constitution (Article VI,
Section_4) “to require changes in the constitutions 01' or-
ganizations receiving support through the Student Asso-
elation budget” and “to approve or veto changes in these
constitutions." Appreciation for the endurance of twenty-
three members of SA is due for the over three hour discus-
sion involved on a four-page constitution. At 10 p.m., which
marked the third hour of session, a Council member mov-
ed acceptance of the constitution only to have the final
approval tabled until next week. Perhaps more prepara—
tion beforehand would have saved a lot of“ valuable Lime
but we need not add harshness to that of Father Time. )

One important addition to note is the addition to the
constitution of the procedure outlined in Robert‘s Rules
of Order. It was quite interesting for us to learn that the
supreme body on constitutions under the SA system was
1iltselfllacking a major item. Supervision should begin at

ome.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLIIHED MAY III.

IV THE CLAII OF 19!!

 

First Place CSPA
VOL. XXXIX

First Place ACP
January 7, 1055 No. 13

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday iind Wediiesdii' f
’1 to 11 p.m. at 2-8826, Ext. ll. Phones: Luckc 3-0277; Ruben till-0’ 0' l v 3‘ - mm
Bwierzowskl, 2-3741; Moore, 2-8320. y. ' a7 ' “Lu,” J M”

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Colic " > 
‘ go for IClltllillh. nib-
:llglaed every Friday of the College your by the NEWS Board for the Student Assdcia-

IONALD LACKEY - - - -
EVELYN RUBEN - - -
WILLARD REITZ -

JOANNE MOORE -

ESTHER GOLDSTEIN

FRANCES MONAIIAN

AILEEN COCIIRANI‘Z - - - -
CAROL ANN LUII‘T - - - - - - - - -
JOSEPH BWII'ZIIZOWSKI - ~ ~ - - - - «
ARNOLD NEWMAN - - - - - - -
DOIOTIIY BASMUSHEN - - -

lidllor-lii-Clilcl'

< - Managing Editor

Public Relations Editor

- Feature Editor

- - Cll‘l‘IIIlIIIllll-I‘:xl‘Ill|llt:ll
- Iliisliieas-Advertising l-Jrlltor
- - Associate Editor
Associate Iidliur
- Sports Editor
- .luulor Sports Member
Junior Sports Member
JOIIN KNAI’I‘ - - - - - - - < - Staff I'Iiotogriuihcr
All communications should be addresle to tin.- Mum and lllliwl be 5' - I
:Iil [be withheld on request The B'I‘ATE COLLEGE NEWS assiiiiii's no ii-lijlirililiidlbilFault;
“2023:35193ﬁﬁd “i: Vl‘luz;“ci.ilumns or C(Jllliilllliii‘iilliilih, its such expressions do not

 

we

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. JANUARY 7. 1955

 

“7.. 7/... eat/.-

Dear Ron,

As you turned over your recom-
mendations and “rule” today in as-
sembly, you left behind a semester
of praiseworthy accomplishment.

Under your leadership the paper
underwent a face-lifting change,
which broke with a tradition of
thirty-nine years. The News staff
is proud to have been associated
with you when this more modern
style was innovated.

You have worked hard and deserve
much credit. We, the Staff, wish
you great success in the future.

Sincerely,
The News Board and
Staff, 1954-1955.

 

College Calendar

Friday, January 7

12 noon—Commuters Club meeting,
Richardson 22.

7:30 p.m.—Basketball: State vs.
Potsdam, Page Gym.

10:30 p.m.—SUB Basketball Dance.
Brubacher Game Room.

Saturday, January 8

6:00 p.m.—Senior Class Banquet,
O’Connors.

0:30 p.m.—Junior, Sophomore, and
freshman Class Banquets;
Larkin, Herbert's and Pan-
etta's (Menands) Restau-
rants respectively.

Sunday, January 9

7:00 p.m.—SUB Meeting, Govern-
ment Room, Brubacher.

Wednesday, January 12

5:00 p.m.—Meeting for all second
semester English practice
teachers. Milne Little
Theatre.

Thursday, January 13

7:30 p.m.—B e t t e r Government
Committee meeting, Biu-
bachcr.

(spite! 

By CLIFF DAVIS

A soothing session at the cinema
seems smart for the test—tensioned
Statesman. To prove it. look at the
good stuff waiting for you at the
local flicker houses. . . .

High and Dry you‘ll be of: the
Delaware: we assure you that. But
you'll be wet with tears of laughter
as you view the picture the “iii—
formed” liave called the comedy of
the year. A brisk. British import
going into its second week!

Tne following celluloid shasz me
all up, Jose Fcrrer, Merle Oberon,
and Helen Traubcl are all Deep in
My Heart. A host of other stars
filling the Cincmascopc screen at
the Palace, as the life story of Sig~
mund Rombcrg unfolds.

Attila, the Hun ravaged Europe
centuries ago. Now. at the Strand,
Jeff Chandler and Jack Palancc
help to relive the story of thc
scourge of barbaric Europe. A pic—
ture tremendous in spectacle and
\‘iViCllle‘s' of action. That‘s Sign of
the Pagan. Go trotting wiih inc
ponies and The Pride 01‘ the Blue
Cross in the follow-up show.

Doris Day and Frank Sinatra go
cruss-toan to the Ritz to display
their singing form in the music—
di'iiiiui bit called Young At Heart.
Displayed for the public in lush
Color. A virile story of revolution—
ary India unfolds with Khyber
Patrol patrolling the backward hill
country out there in Indian coini-
try. No Sioux hcrc.

Dan Duryea stars in World For
Ransom, and Alan Ladd in Drum-
beat at the Madison flicker house.

Did all you kiddies gci to scc
Dean and Jerry in il-Ring (‘ii-eiis‘.’

 

 

440m ‘7/w gddo’t’d
Madden:

Open Letter to the Editor:
Altlioui'li ii is now past ini-

Clii‘lstliias sciih‘oii. I should lli\L' to
lake this opportunity to thank lln'
State (“allege News for lhcir pub~
liciiy and ihc incmbci's of ilic stu-
ilcni body for ihcir trcincndous sup—
pori of lhc Smilcs Christmas party
at lhc Albany lloini- lor (Ylnldicii.
‘l‘lic succcss of llic piirly cannot in-
nicasurcil lll ihc inoncy or lllilt :‘oii-
ii'ihuicrl; but only in thc gratitude
and iiiccs oi ilic children i. .ind
ihc oilicr oi'iiccrs. sun-crcly thank
you.

Elaine Hwai‘tout '50,

President of Smiles.

   

Gammon-Sided 

By WITTSCHEN & L0 TRUGLIO

 

’c,

I

BEST ONE YET . . .

Congratulations to Student Union Board for the successful Coffee
Hour held after the Christmas Sing. Never has there been such a turn-
out at a coffee hour. Too bad not more of the faculty shOWed up .Those
faculty members who were present had a. good time. Maybe Word will
spread amongst them (and us) that this coffee hour doesn't have the
usual "stuffy" atmosphere that is prevalent during most teas and such.

TIME TO . . .

The end of the first semester is very close and it is time for all the
organization leaders to start setting up next year’s budgets. The sooner
the budgets are in. the sooner We can come out ﬁghting. How about
having close estimates on your lines this time so that the money in
surplus won‘t be unnecessarily increased.

SPEAKING 0F SURPLUS . . .

Surplus (the money everybody uses for dancesi was finally put into
a savings account where it will earn interest. We‘re glad to see that a
solution was possible after all. We can remember this being discussed
when we were wearing our beanies. green and white.

SPEAKING OF MONEY . . .

Our next problem is finding out when and how this money in surpIUS
should be spent. A joint committee, made up of Student Council and
Student Board of Finance members, is ready to accept any constructive
ideas. This would take a great deal of serious thinking. One idea pro-
posed, for example, is that of buying a bus. However, this initial pur-
chase would result in continued expenditures and responsibilities. Is it
“feasible?”

CAN‘T HELP BUT NOTICE . . .
the numerous new shiny diamonds
the library crowds—tangle towns and term papers
the Floridian tans
the unpainted Snack Bar murals
the photographer's mistakes in orders
the newly tiled floors in Draper
the discussion of American history in Student Council, i.e. Barbara
Fretchie
the pile driver!
the empty seat in the night cIaSs discussing discipline problems

PROGRESS . . .

Student Council began their meeting early Wednesday night in order
to review their own constitution which had been found obsolete in
places by the committee on Constitutions. As one interesth student at
the meetingr said. it was about time Council knew what was in their
"working document.“ It was obvious that seine comments and discussions
showed a lack of understanding and knowledge of duties and policies.
It appeared to be the first exposure of some members to the procedures
of the government and its adininisti‘atimi. The SA test for candidate
eligibility. at least insures officers reading that constitution once. There
has been no such incentive for Student Council. But having started
the new year right, we can expect an efﬁcient, informed, and smooth
running group. By 10:20 p.m. they had already progressed to discussion
on the Pod Constitution.

TAKE TIME . . .

Most of us are probably all satisfied with mom's home cooking dur-
ing the holidays. But how about taking time out tomorrow night to go
to the Class Banquets. Tlicre‘ll be more than just food.

PA’l‘llE NEWS . . .
January A- Banquet featured food. Mr. Wheeler, and sharp dancing.
February—Goverinnent Revision Committee presents new plan of
government.
March—Big Junior Pizza Party.
April~Rcincmber the Dawn Dance. hopping around at 5 am?
May—New faccsﬁfor old chairs.
June—~The ambassadors on their way abroad.
July mid August~Eat and sleep—What elsell
Septeinbeerhc new easy way of registering.
Octobcerhc new look of the State College News.
N0\'ciiibei'»-Aiigic does it again.
Dccciani'wMyskiinia officially opens the doors to all meetings.

IN CONCLUSION . . .

We would like to thank the News for the opportunity of writing this
column. We hope that our opinions and comments have been construc-
tive and readable. Our intentions were to make students think about
their affairs whether they agreed with us or not. We have respect for
those who have written the column in years before, and good wishes for
those whose efforts will produce the future Common Stater.

 

“.7

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

          
  

   
 
 
    

can ism . ~  \. ~‘
VHLRT liJN

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Yearbook Shoots

Informal Group
Shots Saturday

Photographs of organizations and
officers on campus for this year’s
yearbook will be taken tomorrow
in Brubacher. Photographing will
begin at 8:15 cm. The Upper
Lounge, Rooms 1 and 3 will be used,
states Ronald Koster ’55, Editor of
Pedagogue.

Notices have been sent via student
mail to the organization heads who
were to notify members of their
groups. The following groups will be
photographed: Class Officers of
1955, ’56, ‘57, ’58; Student Council,
Dramatics and Arts Council, Music
Council, Radio Guild, Press Bureau.
Primer, Campus Commission, De-
bate, Tau Kappa Alpha. Student
Board of Finance. Forum, Newman
Club, Hillel, Inter-Varsity Christian
Fellowship, Student Christian As~
sociation, Student Union Board.
Women‘s Athletic Association, ,As-
soclation of Men‘s Intramural Ath-

letics, SMILES, Inter-Sorority
Council, Residence Council and
SCAAB.

Those persons who were not
pleased with the portraits they re-
ceived on individual orders from
the Sargeant Studios may return
their pictures with a note to the
studio who will take care of it lin—
mediately. Also those persons who
have not received the portraits they
ordered should communicate di-
rectly with Sargeant Studios, Atten-
tion of Mr. Irving P. Green, 154
Boylston Street, Boston, Massachu-
setts.

All orders for finished portrait
work from the Sargeant Studios
and contracts are strictly between
the individual student and the stu-
dio. Pedagogue and Pedagogue staff
are not representatives of the stu-
dio and have no knowledge of con—
tracts or developments from con—
contracts. Therefore. students should
communicate with the studio only.

Committee Announces
Revue Cast Tryouts

Tryouts for the All—College Revue
will be held soon, states Mary Ann
Johnpoll '35, Chairman. The script
ea.ls for many people and everyone
is urged to tryout for this college
show.

Tryouts will be held next week
frcin the 10111 to the 14th. The
places will be posted on the Revue
bulletin board, Lower Draper and
Rusted. Music tryouts, solo and
chorus; Dancing tryouts, solo and
chorus; and Acting tryouts will be
1i. ted.

Rehearsals have been scheduled
to bcgin February 2. Further infor-
mation will be posted on the Revue
buileiiii board. Joyce Shelton '50
and James Lockhart ‘57 wrote the
script for this years Revue.

The All-College Revue is an an-
nual presentation put on by the
students of the college. The Revue
is organized and directed entirely
by the students. Admission Will be
by Student Tax.

Two New Members
To Serve On BGC

Two new members have been
elected to serve on the Better (jov—
erninent Committee from the fresh-
inan class. reports Thomas Dixon
'55, Chairman of the CoininLLec.
The new members arc Call Petty
and Mary Crawford. V

The committee is continuing its
work of clarifying the Constitution.
Any person interested in the work
of the committee is urged by Dixon
to contact cither himself or Mary
Jane Fisher '56, Secretary. The
licttcr ti o v c r n m e nt Committee
meets every ’l'hiirsday night at 7:30
p.m. iii Brubacher. g

Upperclass members of the com-
miiice arc: Mary Aim Jolmpoll,
Joan Carlin, Mary Batiisii, bt‘lliLil'S;
Mary Jane Fisher, Roberta Stein,
Juniors; Sara Jane Daily and Da—
\lti Kcnulg, Sophomores.

Gerald Drug Go.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

Phone 0-8010

__ , STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY.-JANUARY~ 7.1 4933

Class Banquets...

(Continued from Page 1, Column 1)

Herbert’s Is Host to Sophs

The Sophomore Class banquet will
be held at Herbert’s at 6:30 p.m. to-
morrow night, reports Bruno Rod-
gers, President. Catherine Newbold,
Assistant Professor of Social Stu-
dies, is the guest speaker and the
faculty guest will be William Dum-
bleton, Associate Professor of Eng-
lish. The tickets for the dinner are
$1.

Committee heads for the banquet
are: TiJkets. Morton Hess; Decora-
tions. Paula Segal and Marilyn
Chenfeld; Entertainment, Barbara
Hungerfoi‘d and Jesse Vics; Pub-
licity, Elizabeth Ann Stapleton and
Lillian Ferrara; Programs, Marion
Weiner; General Chairman is Rob-
ert Burns, Sophomores.

Freshmen Attend First Banquet

The Freshman Class banquet will
be at Panetta's Restaurant, Broad-
way. in Menands, tomorrow night
at 6:30 p.m., announces John Miri-
on, President. The Menands bus
goes right by the restaurant. The
turkey dinner costs $1.25. Paul Pet-
tit, Associate Professor of English,
will be guest speaker at the banquet.

General Chairman for the dinner
is Ronald Alexander. Other coin-
mittee chairmen include: Michael
Brennan, Entertainment; Jacque-
line Canior, Decorations; Tickets.
Gayle Petty; Publicity, Theresa
Monaco; Arrangements, Mary
Maiorlelle, freshmen.

PAOI 4"

"News" Board Student Council Revises Constitution;

SA Surplus Funds To Earn Interest

By MATTHEW OSTOYICH ,'
The weekly student Council meeting, Wednesday, convened at 7 pm.
with the reading and approval of the secretary's minutes. Reports were
heard from the Constitutional Revisions Committee and Student Board
of Finance. The Assembly agenda was planned and a special Council

Prepares issue

For Future Peds

A special issue of the State Col-
lege News will go to press within
the next two weeks. Staff and Board
members are working on the spe-
cial joint student-administration
project with Arthur Jones. Co-ordl-
nator of Field Services. Approxi-
mately ten thousand copies will be
printed for Jones to distribute to
prospective State College students.

The original motion of the News
Board which read “The State Col-
lege News will undertake the project
of putting out a special four-page
issue of the News for the adminis-
tration in 1954-55 for the purposes
of informing prospective freshmen
of the virtues of State College" was
amended. The amendment stated,
“This special issue will in no way
be a statement of the News Board
but of the administration through
the Board to the prospective fresh-
men." The amendment was unin-
tentionally omitted in the last news
report.

Financing of the special issue will
be handled by the administration.
The paper will contain a view of
all phases of life at State: academic,
housing, and social. There will be
special messages from Evan R.
Collins, President of the College;
Charles Beckwith, President of Stu"
dent Association; and Ronald Lack-
ey, Editor-in-Chlef of the News.

meeting was slated.

The chairman of the Constitution Committee, Clyde Payne '67, pre-
sented the committee‘s report on their revisions of the Student Council

Constitution.
brought forth by Frank MeEvoy ‘57.

After three hours of deliberation, two proposals were

McEvoy made a motion that under

the duties of the President of Student Council, the President be granted

Clionning Club
Meets Sunday

The Channlng Club's first meet-
ing of the new year will be held on
Sunday evening, January 9, in
Charming Hall at 7:30 pm. Chan-
ning Hall is located behind the Uni-
tarian Church, just across the street
from Draper Extension on Wash-
ington Avenue.

Robert Kerker, doctoral student
at Columbia University in the field
of Political Science, will lead a dis-
cussion on the topic: “A Generation
of Albany Politics."

The Charming Club is non-sec-
tarian and meets every other Sun-
day evening at 7:30 p.m. to discuss
timely and controversial topics.
Everyone is invited to participate.
Refreshments and social hour will
follow the discussion states Theo-
dore Pedersen ’57.

 

 

Editor‘s Note: The followliig ar-
ticle contains part of a report pre-
pared as a feature service furnished
to members of Associated Collegiate
Press, a national collegiate journal-
istic association, of which the News
is a member newspaper.

By Associated Collegiate Press

The intercollegiate debate ques—
tion of granting diplomatic recogni-
tion to Red China has become a
hot issue. on some campuses, fol—
lowing controversy which started a
few weeks ago in Nebraska. At that
time ﬁve college presidents decided
their students would not debate the
national topic. New other school of-
ficials are considering a ban or a
substitute debate topic.

"It was bad enough when Annap-
olis midshipincn and West Point
cadets were forbidden to debate it,"
the Minneapolis Morning Tribune
cditorializes, "but now the contagion
of caution is spreading to other iii-
siituiions which are warily side-
stcpping the question of U. S. recog-
nition of Red China.

.-\(‘I' Surveys Opinion

A ten-page report from the As-
:ocialcrl Prch Feature Service to
aboiil 600 college editors iridi-
catcs that campus editorial opinion,
whcncvcr expressed, is overwhelm-
ingly in protest against restriction
of“ the official debate topic, although
ACP cautioned its member editors
that its report did not attempt to
survey the entire college press, and
that the majority of college news—
papers received during the past
three weeks did not mention the
crnitrovcrsial subject.
Ohio-Kentucky Regional Views

Meanwhile, a decision to reject
the national debate topic was made
by NFCCS incinbcr colleges in the
Oli’io—lifcniucky rcgion at a congress
laid at Our Lady of Cincinnati
Collcgc. and a substitute topic pro-
posed. Rcsolrcd: 'l‘hai ihc Congress
oi' the United States should rcpcal
tlic McC‘iirrzin Act.

Sliirlcy Knosc, president of the
Mount St. Joseph ((llliill College
chiuc Club, said that several col-

Campus Editorial Opinion On Debate Question
Protests Restriction OI Official Intercollegiate Topic

 

 

By The Associated Collegiate Press

leges which protested the national
debate question would be contacted,
and that “besides the suggestion for
competition among these colleges,
the letter will reveal action by the
Mount and urge further action by
the colleges."

The Rt. Rev. Msgr. Edward A.
Freking of the CMSC sent letters
to 165 affiliated colleges and uni-
mrsities, urging opposition to the
national topic. the weekly Seton
Journal of Mt. St. Joseph College
reports.

New York: NYSCT

In New York, members of the De-
bate Council of New York State
College for Teachers at Albany
heard their Student Council recom-
mend that the national topic not be
debated. The Student Council left
the ﬁnal decision in the hands of
the forensic group.

The State College News headlined
an editorial “We Want The Topic
Debated!" and centered its argu-
ment around a “basic principle. the
right to voice opinion freely . . .
We are a teachers‘ college, all the
more reason why we should approve
the topic. Is democratic thought
and reasoning to be stifled? Are we
to be teachers of ii propaganda“ of
which we have accused others?”
irate Debate (‘oach

The refusal of Omaha, Kearney
and Wayne colleges in Nebraska to
debate this year's question “is slow-
ing up the intercollegiate practice
of Midland College debaters," ac—
cording to Donald Wolfartb. debate
coach at the Fremont, Nebraska,
college.

Wolfiirth had attacked the deci-
sion of some state colleges to re-
fuse to debate the nationally chosen
topic. and said that. “people have
lost sight of the purpose of debate
training," and that the strength of
democracy is in the debating of
controversial issues.

First To Withdraw

The State College at Kearney,
Ncb., was the first to withdraw
from participation in tournaments
using the controversial topic, “a

topic which has caused one of the
hottest arguments that have hit
the campuses in a long time," the
Kearney student newspaper said.
The college president said that "it
is not fair to ask a debate group to
spend ﬁfty per cent of its time ar-
guing in behalf of a government
which is opposed to the policy . . .
which our government has adopted."
“College debaters.“ he said, “should
not plead the cause of a country
which CﬂllSEd the death of 120,000
American boys in the recent Korean
war." He added that it might be
an attempt by someone to infiltrate
the minds of the college youth with
Communist doctrines, the Kearney
paper reported.
Kansas vs. Nebraska

The Bulletin of Teachers‘ College,
Emporia, Kansas, on the other hand,
took issue with the action taken by
the Nebraska colleges, in an edi-
torial which said that "When de-
bate was ordered stopped, the ad-
ministrators were undoubtedly act-
ing under the sincere impression
that they were discouraging the
methods of communism, but it
seems their action backﬁred. If
freedom were removed, democracy
would have no advantage over com-
munism. When free research and
free discussion are removed, a defi-
nite blow to democracy is being
struck, regardless of the sincerity of
those responsible for removing
them."
‘Stralt-Jaokcted Tlilnking'

In Minnesota. the Record, of-

(Continued on Page ly, Column 3)

STEW

 

ART K

75 Stare Street 5-

 

”l'OUR STATE INSURANCE MAN”

ALL TYPES of INSURANCE

APNER

1471 Albany, N. Y.

doughnuts

475 Washington Ave.

 

OUR SPECIALTY

Thick Creamee Frosts — Ass‘t Flavors

MAKE YOUR OWN SUNDAES‘

We also serve hot chocolate, coffee and

If you like, bring your own lunch
and visit with Rocky & Sam.

the privilege of appointing a Parlia-
mentarian for Council; also, that a
vacancy shall be declared in the
event of any Council member hav-
ing three unexcused absences. With
the passage of these two motions,
Lenore Hughes ’57, made a motion
that Council should meet at '7 p.m.
at their next regular weekly meet-
ing, Wednesday, to continue discus-
sion on the constitution.

Part of Surplus to Earn Interest

Robert Beischa '56, reported that
Student Board of Finance had de-
posited $12,000 of the Student Asso-
ciation surplus in three local banks
where this money will be earning
interest. Both the Albany Savings
Bank and the City and County
Bank have $3,000 each which will be
earning 210% interest. The Albany
Exchange Savings Bank has $6,000
of the invested money which will
also earn 2‘/=‘i% interest with the pos-
sibility of an additional ‘A% if the
capital remains one full year in the
bank.

News Staff to Receive Promotions

The Assembly agenda will oegin
with the introduction of a motion
to borrow $35 from surplus for State
Fair. Dr. Evan R. Collins, President
of the College, will“ then announce
the newly elected News Board. The
Campus Commission Regulations
discussion will then be resumed and
the termination of the Assembly will
be the announcements.

Special Council Meeting Tomorrow
To Hear the ICA Report

The last motion, closing Council‘s
meeting, was made by Betscha. He
moved that Council meet tomorrow
at 10 am. immediately after their
pictures are taken for the yearbook.
The purpose of this special Student
Council meeting is to hear a report
on the Inter-Collegiate Association
by Joan Carlin '55.

Red Cross Corps
Needs Drivers

The monthly meeting of the Red
Cross was held last Wednesday
night. At this meeting, plans were
discussed for increasing student par-
ticipation, announces Ann Dvorak
'55. Immediate help is needed.

All those wishing to work for the
Red Cross, driving for the Motor
Corps, should contact Jack Higham
’57. Time is available throughout
the week for girls and boys to drive.

Any student who is a qualiﬁed
active Red Cross instructor in wa-
ter safety is cordially invited to
enjoy free swimming at bath num-
ber three at the corner of Central
Avenue and Ontario Street on Jan-
uary 19 and 26 from 7 to 9 p.m.

During the second semester, a
series of variety shows and dances
will be held at the Veterans‘ Hos-
pitiil.

ART’S

3-9168

 

 

 

 

 
   

 

