 

 

PAGE 8

From The Editor’s Desk:

ETATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 13. 105!

"As Ye Sow, So Shall Ye Reap . . . ”

“As ye sow, So shall ye reap . . . ” Each
year the Seniors serenade the underciass—

men with this good advice:

harvest comes only from careful planting.
Each year new seeds are planted, new steps
are taken in an attempt to further our-
selves, our college, our government. This

an abundant

ly-formed Outing Club and the Student-
tions resulting from it, the Representative
Faculty Committee, to name just a few.
We showed that we had some life and
spirit left when we were called upon to ex-
press our opinions on whether or not the
Debate Team should argue a controversial

 

Tribute To Bob

True leadership is almost always realized too late. As is perennially
the case, this year our school needed a ﬁrm and guiding hand in stu—
dent government, optimism, ability and foresight, only this year we
needed it as never before. Our own optimism in student government,
never noted for its bursting heights, was not strengthened when, we
were called upon to vote for the highest ofﬁce in school. The small
voting reflected our disgust over the fact that We had only one candi-
date to consider; only one person who was willing to give up his time
for the school. We elected you, Bob Conn. and now at the end of your
brief administration, let us pose the question—how successful were you?

You streamlined our meetings with impartiality that was at times

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 13. "1955‘

PABI- i

 

lCA Cllapter
Elects Officers

For Coming Year i

The Inter-Collegiate Association ,

of the Teachers‘ Colleges of the
State of New York has announced

its new ofﬁcers for the coming year, ;

They are David Kendig, President:
Joseph Taggart.

NerY Elected Honorary Judicial Society Prepares 'Snliles' Directs"
To Assume Responsibilities As 7955-56 Leaders Organized, Picnic,

Vice — President, :
Sophomores; Jane Anne Lonian ‘56. ;

Bru Variety Show

Two events under the sponsorship
of Smiles have been planned for
Sunday, May 22, and TuesdayyMay
24. On that Sunday the' Albany

Home for Children will be guests
at a Thatcher Park Picnic. On the

' ' in hen we were threatened infuriating, but always fair. You patched a shaky government up at a n. _ . ‘ ,7
past year was no exceptlon- tqplc’ and aga ’ w . h th time when sheer collapse seemed imminent. And your knowledge of S‘fdemf-V‘v and Hunk AW“ 08' following Tuesday the Clinton
W1th a recommendatlon to c ange 8 Student Government—of Roberts' Rules—and your personality, which Tleasmel- Square Neighborhood House chil-

The News started by breaking tradition
with a complete change in the make-up of
the paper and the election of our Editor on
a January to January basis. This is a step
that is expected to be followed by most of
the campus organizations. As a result of
another big change, this time on the part
of the administration, who has incorporat-
ed drastic changes in the teaching program
for the present Sophomores and classes

following.

Other new innovations effected by the
Student Association were: the Student Art
Exhibit, a bigger and better All-College
Revue, new permanent activity cards, a re-
juvenated SMILES, the Better Government
Committee, Inter-Collegiate Association,
Myskania’s ruling on open meetings, the

Jazz Concert, the Exchange

and the interest in Student-Faculty rela-
Types of Government Committee, the new-

ICA Conference:

 

name of our

ernment and

college.

We have accomplished many things this
semester—numerous progressions and a
few regressions. Among the latter was the
ever-increasing disinterest in student gov-

the Assembly. As the enroll-

ment increases, interest decreases and the
apathy grows worse. Let’s hope that next
year the pattern is reversed and the As-
sembly comes to mean more to people than

just a place to read the News.

with Buffalo

In the course of the year we have planted
many new ideas, seeds which we hope will
sprout and flourish in the year to follow.
Our present leaders have started the ball
rolling and it is up to their successors to
pick up and carry on where they left off.
The groundwork is laid; it remains only for
those to whom we gave our vote, to guide
us and help us reap the harvests and fruits
of our labors.

 

 

at the very least can only be described as dynamic, gained the admira-
tion of those of us who disliked you.

Today in assembly. do not judge the attendance there as our ex—
pression of thanks. You have earned the respect of almost everyone
who has ever worked with you. We thank you, Bob Coan. because when
the school needed “true leadership," you came forward and more than
fulﬁlled the job. And you have also done what Lippman calls the ﬁnal
test of the real leader. You have left behind in us, the conviction and
the will to carry on.

 

By HENDERSON and McEVOY

    

GARLANDS . . .

Congratulations to Nancy Lighthall and her comlnittees for an ex—
cellent Moving-Up Day program. The smoothness of operation was so
carried out as to be inconspicuous in itself.

The cast for the skit adapted itself well to the Albany High School
stage and turned in a stellar performance.

RE: BUDGETS . . .

It's unfortunate that the new administration is tied down with the
plethora of unpassed budgets . . . roughly nineteen budgets yet to be
discussed and passed by Student Association . . . it happens every year,
ARTISTS . . .

the grand old lady of State College . . . Minerva . . . has recently
been tiic object of someone‘s disaffection. We trust that none of thc
adults of State Teachers College would partake of such foolishness

The annual ICA conference will
be held here next _\'(‘ill'. The ofﬁcers
for the State ICA will be the of-
ﬁcers of the ICA commission at the
host college. In addition to the ma-
jor conference. ill November, there
will be a meeting of tile Board of'
Directors in Albany ill October, and
again ill January, according to
tentative plans.

ICA’s purpose is to "establish and
maintain a close relationship among
the Teachers' Colleges of the State
University of" New York. to further
the teaching profession in New
York State, and to act as a repre-
sentative voice of the student bodies
to the New York Stiite Legislature
and to the administration of the
State University."

 

 

MYSKANIA FOR 1955-56. L. to R., Mary Brezny, Marjorie Kelleher, Robert Betscha. Samuel Krchniak.
Mary Jane Fisher, Joseph Kelly, Judy Vimmerstadt, Teresa Barber, Alan Weiner, Linda Niles, Jane Ann

Loman. Aileen (‘ochrancz Sigmund

’3aylesmen', A Prodigal Quartet,
Rise To Fame In Recent Months

Four wcll-hiirnlonixcd voiccs put
over ii llcut version of “It's :l Sill
To Tell n I.ic" ii short time ago at
a Potter Club Pii‘tlLii‘ Party. The
ilildichc tiiilt witiicsscd tiic cvcnt
was the first to >l‘i' lili- "Silylcs—
men," n. (Lyn-“inc quurtct of four
freshmen who, through their lilit'

lilt'll' sonoroils throats.

The first tcnor role is handled by
Joc B:ll'l(lll,S(‘f'(lllfi tenor strains come
from Tom Bricrly, Ronny Alexan-
dcr docs the intermediary baritone
work. and Bob Bosoinworth gets
ilic effect of ii band string bass
from his pounding voice.

Smith. absent.

dren will provide a variety show in
Brubachcr Game Room.

statesmen are urged to join with

 the Smiles members in making the

Picnic successful, states Marilyn
Chenfeld ’57. Buses leave Albany
Home at 140 New Scotland Avenue
at l p.m. Those attending are to
bring lunches. Smiles is to provide
ice cream and soda.

The Variety Show will be carried
on by children from ages 2-11. states
Barbara Hungerford and Lenore
Hughes. Sophomores, Directors of
the event. The time will be 7:30—
8:30 pm. The show will give these
underprivileged children a chance
to display their talents.

Foreign Students APA Holds Dinner-Dance, Picnic;
Receive Awards Potter Club installs New Officers

The Foreign Student Committee
has designated two foreign students
to receive the annual Foreign Stu-
dent Awards for next year. The
recipients of this year's fund are
Miss Elsa Birgitta Gotlow of Swed-

Alpha Pi Alpha will have its for-
mal dinner-dance Saturday night
at the Shaker Ridge Country Club
at 6:45 p.m. A picnic will be held
at Lyon's Lake. Sunday at 11 am.

Edward Eldrcd Potter Club's of-
ﬁcers for next year will be: James
Sweet, President; Thomas O'Lough-

New pledges of Kappa Delta are
Bernice Tyler, Charlotte Norton,
and Katherine Henley, freshmen.
Chi Sigma Theta recently pledged
Janet Mack '58.

Psi Gamma and Kappa Delta will
hold their Faculty Picnics Sunday
at 2 p.m. and 5:30 p.m. respectively.

From a distance, Mincrva's eyes have the bloodshot liilc of an under- , . . . .  -' v v . ~ v o
. conege calendar graduate, _ ,. appearances on llll‘ campus spol— l‘hcir first, appearance was v1r- 01"“‘Imlu1ﬁ15'?  {Mllyn‘gciiwl‘m lin, Vice—President; and John Finn-
i DERN IT, , , light. hch il‘ill'llt‘tl Illi‘ lljljii‘ill oi tiiiilly accomplished with overnight V‘ll’wng“ 0-“ 0 “19511333 .0 1 “’0‘ ugamHouse Manager’JmUOI-S'From Additional ofﬁcers of Sigma Phi
Ill't‘liill'lliitill tlil'cc (iiin to be exact. mo“ “'1” Spend one Yet“ 1“ StUdY the class or '57: Bemm-d Theobaid' Sigma for next year are: Judith

Delegate Cites Geneseo Coniab

By JOHN STEFANO

The majority of students here at
State have heard the name ICA dis-
cussed in many groups and in as-
sembly, but not many of the stu-
dents actually know what ICA is or
what it represents. The name ac-
tually is the Inter-Collegiate Asso-
ciation of the New York State
Teachers Colleges. The association
has an annual conference, which
will be here at Albany next year.
The delegates from the Teachers‘
Colleges discuss their systems of
government, their athletics ivarsity
and intramurali alid many other
topics which are of interest to other
colleges. The delegates seek advice
from the other schools and also ex—
change inforination and ideas with
schools who are having difficulties
in certain college activities.

Last weekend there was it. confer-
ence at Gcneseo, the main objective
of the meeting to strengthen the
Association's Constitution There

were eight schools present, and all
seemed well prepared to handle
changes in the Constitution. There
were no radical changes but merely
clarifications of articles and sec-
tions. There was it discussion on
changing the name of the Associa-
tion but this delegate could see no
point in the motion. It was voted
down. The terln of office for the
ICA officers was changed from May
1 to May 1 to March 1 to March 1.
This new change was the change

our commission wanted. These were
perhaps the lnost important discus-
sions that the conference talked
about.

I Would like to stress the import-
ance of next year‘s conference, be-
cause with i1 lot of enthusiasm ICA
can become the powerful voice it is
supposed to be. So with this. I would
like to encourage all State students
to tnkc ilil active interest in ICA
because we are the host college in
1955-56.

 

 

First Place CSPA
VOL. XXXX

May 13. 1955

STATE COLLEGE N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IBIS

BY THE CLASS OF IBIS

Second Place ACP
No. 13

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from 7 to
if p.m. at 2-3326, Ext. ii. Phones: Cochriino, 2-1030; Luit 2-0012: Swieraowski 2-37“;
Ooldltoin 2-20120; Lackey 3-0277; Moore, 2-3320.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers:

Dilbiishod every Friday of the Oolleirc your by the NEWS Board for the Student "very “'“y' Jim” Donikv, buby‘hwe ' ‘ 1 ,
Association. itlld ilil. tiikos another of the loads. ,.,,m',.l-,.,,,.,. U” lint dross Illilllikiili). S 1 E W A R T S
Too bild thcv liiid to make ii doublc- Tm. “johnny” ,.i ii“. 515540“ \\i w
AILEIIN cooliaAivii . . . . . . . . . , _ , t . .. y. w
OAIOL ANN LUFT - - . . . . . . . Madgunlg'm: feature out of it. People place the ,, lug-pm“ snow, .inil llll' intuit
“Illa” OOLPBTEIN - - - - - - - Public Isl-tion Editor mark of second—rater on main felt- [,.,,,.h,.,._., “.11 rpm-Hp [no mlilll‘ kind
"HA l"‘""""""" ' ' ' ‘l“'"““'“'""‘“"“Wilth "dill" lures whcn this is dollc. "The Big ol inlorniiilioil that 15 MW“ l" “"    

MARY ANN Si'lllAl'l‘Tll.‘l'lil‘.“
.n '

RONALD LACKBY - - - - - - - - - howl" can" you just stop lll long enough to see

{agaﬁ rfxngh‘cx ' ’_ '_ '_ ' ‘ ' ' ‘ Oonlllilllt Ill!" Run for ('over'.’ lullrilntee you'll lo the iililluilm‘lllli' Mill ill-“lill’l‘ll‘m 7 ,_
MATHEW 08mm" _ _ _ _ -_ -_ -_ -_ magma. :33: m“, ,L, ' “1 “mm. ill‘l-nsi‘w I M Wc also scl'Vi‘ hot chocolate, coffee and
IIOIIAID BAUER - - - - - - - - - Associate Editor A lllll(l lliiiiilil of spectacle vol- The trip \\.in :IlllllliH‘il In l'uH‘l“

(‘o - “ihllli'hn- Ad vcriiiiiuir I‘Iiliiur
Circulation Editor

FRIDAY, MAY 13

9:30 am. Capital District Collegiate
Press Association Confer-
ence, Brubacher Hall.

8:30 p.m. Music Council Concert.
Chancellor's Hall, State
Education Building.

SATURDAY. MAY [4

8:00am. Business Education Con-
vention, Brubacher.

6:45 pm. Alpha. Pi Alpha Banquet.
Formal, Shaker Ridge
Country Club.

SUNDAY, MAY 15

3 :00 p.m. S t u d e n t A rt Exhibit,
Brubacher.

6:00 p.m. P o t t e 1' Club Banquet,
Hideaway of Celebrities.

7 :30 p.m. News Board M e e t in g.
Brubacher.

TUESDAY. MAY 17
8:30pm. "Laburnuln Grove," Page
Gym.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 18
8:30 p.m. "Laburnum Grove," Page
Gym,

THURSDAY. MAY 19

8:30 p.m. “Laburnum Grove." Page
Gym.

SUNDAY. MAY 22 .
5:00 p.m. Leadership Conference,
Brubacher.

I KW KW
By CLIFF DAVIS

Thcrc‘s ii big. off-beat western
down there at the Strand tilts week—
end. Jimmy Ciigncy's in it. and it's
called Run for (.‘over, iiiid it's being
shown on it hideously gigantic
skrecn. It's ll prolific western ill

 

Combo" is tiic oiilcr bit. Wily don't

iii four years wily haven't we had the drinking fountains pouring
forth their liquid pleasure? True. some work, some even give cold water,
but there are a number who reward us with a meager trickle of tepid
water.

UNSCHEDULED ATTRACTION .

The lucky students who happened by the Commons last Friday at
the midday hour were greeted by all iilipromptn showing of some of tiic
hidden talent among the faculty. A sizeable group of students gathered
round the Steinway as Dr. Sargclit rendered a number of selections . . .
if this isn't an example of the ideal in student-faculty rclations. . .
ANTIQUES . . .

The curtains that adorn t???) the exit doors of lower Brubnciicr
lounge are hideous, atrocious. unbecoming, and might even be ill need
of replacement. Although other articles of furniture are showing signs
of wear. these are the most obvious.

Just as old are the Seniors who arrived at the some time, but have
certainly weathered the ravages of undergraduate life well enough to
enter into the festivities of Senior Weekend . . . for details see page six.
’l‘APPING PROCEDURE . . .

Various continents have been heard from students, faculty. and
alumni referring to the staid tradition wherein the old members oi
Myskilnia deigned to descend to the depths of the undergraduates to
pluck from the bosom of their compatriots the neophyte thirteen. Wl'
don‘t (telly the importance of this procedure, bllt we suggest to Mysknniu
that they look into the possibility of some alterations.

IN HAWLEY'S HALLOWED HALLS . . .

for foiir years now we've suffered (lay and night iMondily, 'I‘ucsdily.
Wednesday, and Thursday) due to either the complete luck or the coil-
stiint flicker of the table fluorescents in the main reading rooili of tlic
library. Many of the units that fail to work are chalked "ok"; ok for
what?

Of course. we don't need to .nlclltion the one-way steel chute that
serves its the main thoroughfare to the library. A sudden noise in that
direction evokes a number of glances toward the stairwell to see who
has fallen today.

NOW IS THE HOUR OF TRIUMPH . , .

congrats to those wiio emerged victorious no lllilLiA‘i' what. tiic iniir—
gin. Now you can bcgill to show lis by deeds what We already know ill
words. . . .

(l01NG»~—GOING~GONE . . .

With this the last issue of tile News for tile year we bid yoil foiid
lidicil.

'.’ QUESTION OF THE WEEK?

Do you have ll coililict??? ltWIi lb NCM

ABQDQJRQEEL

Axtell Captures
Fulbright Award

Richard C. Axti‘ll, il .‘iii(l(‘lli ni.l-
joring iii lilt‘ Biology Di-pnrimcnt.
has rccclvl-d a I‘iilhrlulit Award to
study ill tiic Phillppilics ncxt l'l‘dl‘.
Tllc grunt will coyci' study for [in
year 1955—50 zit iilt‘ University of
lllc Phllipplncs, College of Agricul-
turc at. Los Billlilti, 'l‘lic til).]l‘(‘il\i' oi
his graduate work and l'i-scliri h will
be Cili-lniciil Control of Inst-ct l’csis.

Axtcli's sliip stills on May :37 and
classes will begin on June 1;”). 'l’lic
grant will coycl' triiiisportuiioii.
books and tiililoii plus llll :iilo\\'-
once of $1,800 ili‘Jtltl pesos: for ll\'-
lllg f'tihl.

'I‘ilc siudi'nts flint wi-l'i- sclcctcd
for these uwurds :u'illcyoil lill‘ll' silt--
ccss through lill‘ following [ii'ili'l‘m‘i
Tlli‘ nicnillcrs of ilii‘ Sliitc (Mill-‘1"
Fulbright Cotilllllttcc \t‘lf‘f‘il‘fi illlilll-
fit-(l persons whosc |l:ll|li‘,\ \\t‘i'l‘ sub»
niftch lo lllt' ill:.titiiic oi illit'i‘llil-
tiollnl l‘:fll|('lllilli| ill Ncw York. ’l’ilc
Institute iilt'll made its choices
from coilcgi's throughout Illt‘ t'illlll—
try. The Stillc l)t‘jl.ll'illlt'lli lll W:isil«
illgtoll llll‘ll llltltli' lili‘ lilnll clioictu.
on tlli-sc iiwin'ds

Distributive Education
Club To View Fashions

li‘iiiy i)i:dl‘lilllti\'c iiiilut'ufloil sill—
dclits frolil Static (‘ollcgi- \illl l'lll-
bulk for New York (‘lty \iVl‘llllt‘F.~
dily yin spccllil cxcln'sioii i.l‘i|lll to
spend tiic day in llic fashion lnilr-
kcl,

inning tiic :lllclilooll, lllt‘ group
will visit lilt‘ showrooms of Henry
lioscllfi'ld, dross linililliiu'tnl'i-l‘, for :l

lull stol'c hnyci's. including linying
information and illllt'l' dilln l’i‘lllit‘li

iiill'il\\'li/. 'ilti, l’li‘ liillli of fin“ lllii

'l‘lic group was later asked to do it
low numbers of their own choice
:it the Frosh-Soph Party. This be-
('illlll‘ their first large-scale audi-
cncc. It did not take too long for
people to talk about their rambling
style. and iil(‘il‘ professional finesse.

'l‘lic siroiip admit that this profes-
sional tillt can most easily be trac-
l‘tl to tiic gn'liur illicrprctatitlns of
.filcxundor, Ron works with his fel—
low pci‘forlncrs in drumming up
thcir own personal :ll'l'inigcments.
Rock illltl l'oll, spiritnills. ballads-w-
llicy love to l'i‘llfi(‘l' ihcm llii.

Spotlights ('illlll' again for them at
illl' Saylcs I-iilil Formal and tiic
Mill) show. Radio stiition WNYE in
Ncw York City rccordcd their voices
ill ii number of tunes. An agent
will ll})])i'(lil('li tiic Snylcslncn this
wcckcild and vie for their talent for
possibli- resort and slipper club
dutcs this snnnllcr. This flow of"
good fortune doesn't make visions
of stacks of gold-pluted platinum
sci-in so fantastical,

And lltllli' o1 tllcsc ninsicill "gen-
iiiscs" :ii'c without backgrounds ill
rilllg. .loc linrioil sling iii a high
:chool quartet, liob Bosonlworth
wus pl'i-sldcilt of tlic Merrick, Long
Island, High School A Ctlllt‘ilil
(.‘hoii'. lion Alcxnndcr played his
singing guitar in professional New
York builds. llilfl lil'lci'ly did solos
:li High School dullccs ill Johnson
City.

licsldcs llclnu til-d toccillci' inu-
slczllly, tin-y :ll‘l‘ :IiMl bolilld friltcr-
nully. :ili :ii'c ill l‘ottci' Club.

at State beg-inning next September.

The funds this year have been
sufficient so as to bring two for-
cign students. These funds are made
possible because of the State Fair
profits. The purpose of State Fair
is to co-ordinate students and fac-
ility in order to raise money to
bring ii foreign student to State. Ill
the past, money was raised ill order
to bring one student. Since the re-
ccipts realized this year were con-
siderably increased, two students will
be here next year.

D&A Sponsors
Art Exhibition

A Student Art Exhibit, sponsored
by Di'ilmiitics and Arts Affiliates
will be held ill tiic Upper Lounge
of Briibilcher on Sunday from 3 to 5
p.m.. announces Linda Niles '56,
Chairman.

The purpose of tile exhibit is to
revive student interest in art work.
Richard Beilndin ‘57. Chairman of
tlic Refreshment Colnlnittee, will
serve refreshments.

Students mny still contribute art
work to Miss Nilcs, Among the art
work nll'cudy submitted are water
colors. clnircoill drawings, oils, sculp-
tures. and finger paintings.

 

doughnuts

OUR SPECIALTY

’l‘hick Creanicc Frosts —- Ass’t Flavors

Treasurer: Joseph Ta’g‘gart, IFC
Representative; Sanford Bernstein
and John Knapp. Historians. From
the class of ‘58: Robert Backer, Ed-
itor of Potter Post; and Jack Tate,
Clerk. The new Alumni Secretary
is Ronald Wilson ‘55. The new of—
ﬁcers will bc installed Sunday at
the annual banquet held at the
Hideaway of Celebrities. Frank Car-
rino. Assistant Professor of Modern
Languages, will be guest speaker.

This week Ronald Longto '58 was
formally initiated to Kappa Beta
fraternity.

  

  

Van Gelder. Alumni Secretary:
Leah Rosenblum, House President:
Judith Willen, Ritualist and Parlia-
mentarian, Juniors. From the Soph-
omore class: Blanche Finkel, As-
sistant Treasurer; Joan Kushner,
Rush Captain; Marsha Meiselinan.
Historian; Gail Abramson, Schol-
arship Chairman. Freida Cohen '58
is Activities Director. At the last
meeting the sorority installed its
House Mother. Mrs. Anna Seidan,
as an honorary member.

Cynthia Willis ’57 was formally
initiath to Beta Zeta this week.

 

 

   

      

(’L'Fm'm "I‘Vl-‘i - - ' - - Ifuuiuru Editor (‘iilllf‘iillV sprays the CinclllilScopc
 7334553) sﬁlvﬁgilfuwum. : l 2 I I ' , ' ' ", 3"m "m" skrecn ill. tiic l'iiiilcc when The l'ro- (lliill. “Para, I so
5 0030's!" unsuusscn - . . . - . '.  :33: '33:: iligiil. u prodigal picture in itself. _______________.____——————— . ~ - i ey'
-—————-————————— “M, m,“ .,.,,,.,,,.,. “m, Mum, it you like. bring your own lunch gimme”, ’9'urn
JOHN “up . . . . . . . . , a. n n t. h ‘ ‘ ‘ .  . i - ' Ulhlnﬂion “’"rovalt,
‘ 0 I". 0' I’lirdom into the Damascus of ii few . . . “"d aim, “Warm,”
and VISlt With Rocky & Sam. Wong. ori-

ltuuell Pa

c, wag.rn»7>:ﬁ”~‘2‘,;~juz-vex. . ,

All communication" should bu addressed to the editor iiild must. be signed. Nuniu humle (“Hull's “H” The km“ 0m”

will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS usuliiiics no responsibility for
opinions expressed in its columns or outiliiluiiicutlonii, In such expressions do not
necessarily reflect its Views.

 

@‘

 

til Hollywood smeill'cd this jobbie
with illl kinds of nobility iiild bean-
ty. Iii other Words, maybe you bet-
ter see this one too, if your ruplcs
ilnd pesos hold out,

Be seeing you! Be seeing movies!

 

"At luau—«tiic Curtain!"

 

Gerald Drug Go.

217 Western Ave. Allliuly. N. Y.

Phone 6—8610

___.——.~._._-—-__.._——-
.__..——-—~-

175 Washington Ave. 3-9168

 

 

 

    

 

