"‘7 , ', , , 1 7‘

.. Mama , i _

 

 

_ M , m W, , .  .. .mwumwM‘s-«m—w‘m—m-m«w— — ' I J” _ “a

«M»... ......  .

 

    

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4. 1955

ii Ped Boaters Encounter University Of Bridgeport

PAGE I

 

,PAGI 4 STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4. 1955

1'

 

N—_——°“ View“ Religious Clubs Roam; Raped”

By JOSEPH SZAREK ’58

 

 

 

Lausche For Democratic Candidacy

By DAVID KENDIG ’57

Last week, Georgia's Senator
Richard Russell, an influential con-
servative member of the Democratic
Party, and a candidate for the Dem-
ocratic Presidential nomination in
1952, stated his personal choice for
the position in 1956. Russell stands
behind Frank Lausche, who is serv-
ing his fourth term as Governor of
Ohio. The possibility that he may
be the “compromise candidate” of
the liberal and conservative wings
of the party merits more than a
passing glance at Lausche’s record.
In 1932 he rose from a municipal
judgeship in Cleveland to become
Mayor of the city. From there, de-
spite the opposition of his county's
organization, he achieved the party’s
bid for governor. Elected in 1944,
his attempt at re-election failed.
1946 was a Republican year anyway
you look at it. In 1948 he was re—

party organization and the en-
trenched Republican machine, which
has elected Republican Senators
consistently, both which have little
effect on Lausche. In the latest
election, Lausche swamped Charles
Taft, Bob Taft's brother, by some
425,000 votes. Lausche has proved to
be a conservative independent, who
frowns on organized labor in poli—
tics. He was strangely mute during
the last two Democratic Presiden-
tial campaigns.

In this progressive Governor, with
a strong organization from a state
laminated equally by interests, the
Democrats may have their next
President.

Dance To Close

Endorses Ohio Governor plan Meetings

Three of State's religious groups,
Student Christian Association, In-
ter-Varsity Christian Fellowship,
and Canterbury Club, plan activities
for next week, according to the
president of each organization.

Canterbury Club will meet at
Saint Andrew’s' Church for evening
prayer this Sunday at 7:30 pm.
This will be supervened by a discus-
sion meeting, states Carol Aim Key-
ser, Canterbury‘s Publicity Director.

IVCF has scheduled a speech by
Roy Shaffer, a student of Albany
Medical School and a former teach-
er at a Kenya, Africa mission
school. for Thursday, 7:30 pm. at
Brubacher. His topic, "Teaching at
the World's Crossroads,” will in-
clude discussion if contrasting cul—
tures, religions, alid the influences
of political upheavals, relates Ann
Kammer '56, President.

Gene Arnold '56, President of

Tuesday evening this reporter at-
tended the Frosh election rally in
Brubacher’s game room. This col—
umn was originally to describe the.
enthusiasm shown by the candidates
and voters—there were two cam-
paign posters on the walls and the
number of fresh present was highly
disappointing; this column was
intended to report the number
and type of questions asked by the
frosh of their candidates—one frosh
asked a question; the rest were ask-
ed by the upperclassmen. It appears
that the recent upsurge of interest
shown by the frosh in State's ac-
tivities is only superficial If the rally
can be used as evidence.

Evidently, from the number of
candidates for office who did not
present themselves to their fellow

Myskanio Elects

classmates, some of the fresh can-
didates are running because they
forgot to decline or merely because
they want to show that they have
that old class spirit. Some of the
candidates probably had valid rea—
sons for being absent, but certainly
this could not. possibly hold true
for the approximate one-third who
did not show up, The election rally
is an important .part of campaign-
ing; for office. Are these absent culi-
didates really intcrcstcd in holding
a class office?

Freshmen clc c t I‘rcshmcn class
officers, not upperclassmcn. It was
appalling to see hilt olic freshnnln
ask a question of a candidate. Surc
ly, after six wceks of activity at
State College a bigger pcrcentugc
of the frosh In attendance at thc
rally could have asked qucstions
period

During the interrogation

ln Feature Sports Event Oi

COCCl’I Sauers Picks Basketball
Squad Ot Eleven For Season

By BOB

The month of November is upon
us once more and with it, another
bnsketbal season is about ready to
open at State. Under the coach—
lng of Richard Sauers, the Pcds will
feature a team of speed and mod-
erate height.

Practice For Week

After a little lnore than a week
of practice, Coach Saucrs has cut
his squad down to eleven men.
Among the eleven selected for this
year's squal, Coach Saucrs has seven
veterans of last year‘s team back.
They will all be fighting.r to bcttcr

KAMI’F

height. Spunky Joe Anderson, Denny
Dempstcr and Keith Olson will be
relied on for speed. while Lew Carr.
Don Mayer. John Rockwood and Sig
Smith will be rclicd on for height
under the blackboards.

At this point in the scuson, it is
only possiblc to say that thch is
grcat potentiality, and nccd for im-
provcmcnt. With ncw blood thc
Pcds could just set the hardwood on
fire,

The tclitutlrc schcdlllc for lilo?)-
56 Sizillds as follows:

Monday Practice
Set For Matmen
In Milne Gym

Conch Joe Garcia, State's mentor
of wrestling. has issued the call for
all liicn interested in the lnat sport
to rcport for practice beginning
Monday. Garcia stresses the fact
that this is a conditioning program.

As of now a ten game schedule
is in thc making for the newly
formed varsity sport. Garcia will
be :issistcd this year by Bob Dreher.
one of his better wrestlers last year
whcn hc headed the Wrestling Chib.

Practice Monday

Homecoming Weekend

By ZACK CLEMENTS

Last Saturday a tough Oswego soccer team handed
the Albany “11” their fifth setback of the year at the for-
mer’s field. The game was marred by a strong wind which
was blowing across the playing field toward Lake Ontario,
causing the team with the wind at its back to have an

advantage.

. Just ten seconds after play began the Lakers with the
wmd at their backs, passed the ball to Bill Thompson who

 

l SW 36% . . .
The time is fast approaching
when the State boaters will wind
up another campaign. One always
reads and hears of the individual
players and how well they played.
It's very seldom though that one
hears anything of the people behind

registered the first Oswego goal.
Fifty seconds later Lynn Thompson
of Oswego got a ball up into the
wind and it sailed past Ped goalie
Tito Guglielmone for the home-
team's last score of the day. Al-
bany fighting the wind as well as
an excellent offensive attack held
the ball in neutral territory until
Ed Jones passed to Ray Castillo who
relayed the ball to Bob Backer and
“Hustling Bob" nailed the first and
last State tally. Bob has been play-

. , SCA, and Miss Kainmer announce for Student Council candidates, onh ‘ _ ‘ ' . Y

aimed to office and has never left:   jointly that their clubs will hold a   one question WIS élSkI‘d. “lid “W In.“ Wags.x‘riéiiaioitimm 01 m” Dec.  It.l’.l.’ Away Tho place and time for the initial the team —_ the coach, the mana— ing fine ball for the Feds all sea-

.Lausche and the Democratic Party There will be a Soccer Dance combmed State college Cha’peh 4 ‘thS 51$de b.\' All llllllt‘l‘t'lllhsmuni Bili- wms a“ S] e ‘ " "if. 3  I’M” Home pncilcc for newcomers is listed for gcr. the trainer and the publicity son. At the end of the first quar-
are peculiar bed-fellows. In the past sponsored by the Student Union p‘m‘ Tuemay' Mysk'inia the Honorary JLIClICi'lI Imrlgumtuwfmﬁhfknmzil “'l“’nm‘}-" Feature Speed. Ilcight  g   4;?(“dP-1VI. 11} M11110 (33121.1 115x11 Inter;  IWGd like1 ta) give dthelse in- lter thle score was Oswego 2, A1-

: . ‘ " ‘ ' ‘ W01" 0 mg or w ol'c lc 1'21 . l , ,  - i ‘ ‘  cs \ v'a )icrs arc as 1 o re -, c '(ua s a lllliCl serve . . ,

few .years' outsmfe Interim“ hm]? Board saturda’y’ Moi/ember 12' “(3m 80d), of SW9 College States all” is fcuiiiblc that tlicy urc Iolloiii‘lllg‘ MIXCCI in W1“? the“ flow“ Dim" Dec. 13 ()neonia Away to lllf‘Lf'tliidll at, this timieCor at tiliglir  .  . D ug . Tiny
dominated the DMW and 1‘5 centm‘ 9I3-m- to 12 mmmgm 1“ the B111" 0 four new irosh leaders have been -1onn in the nr n icr 'I M v-‘n s 61'5 m‘f‘ “‘m'em‘mt“ ”‘ “new mm Jan. 5 litica Ilome ("ll'llt‘Sl convcnicncc of hi- office FH‘SL to Joe Gmcm {01 the ma“ Game Grows “('“gh
issue has been a negative one, name- bacher dining room, announce Betty   Cymsen m 19m] Rivalry events an- 2‘ I '3 H ‘ 1' '1‘ H." " q‘l‘.‘ (I ‘ f“  ' Jun. H [Hamburg "mm, ‘ ' ‘ 5 ' vclous way he has handled the Feds. The game proceeded L0 get rough-
ly to purge the late Senator Robert Van Vlack ’57, and Gerry Kalle ’59. nmmuces T h “1.05 H Hal-bum gag I" 9‘ r H ""1 “1"”_.':"_‘I"'r‘l‘ ““m" v' Feb. 3 Oswego "on", Thc tcn wciglit classifications Each ycar he seems to lose the key er in the second quarter with both
Taft from his Senate seat. In the co-chairmen for the event. The eve- . . Chuimmn.  “'1 ill”l"""‘.‘ I'“ W” t“ . Fob. 7 Him Aw," liglud :irc 1141:, 123. 130. 137, 147, men but, year after year he goes teams playing hard for the ball.
last attempt to do this, they nom— ning will feature the announcement   " N ' ~V'    Feb. 10 Pm“ A“,;I‘V 1:37. 167, 177, 191, and heavyweight. about rebuilding and comes up with State with the wind now at their
inated a State Auditor to do the of next year‘s Captain, the most val- David Youst was sclcctcd to hr The mm, “mm m”, m“ I“, mm Feb. H NP“, "an," Mm", Blotl; thi- llfl lib. classification and :1 fighting tcani. backs IISCI many scoring oppor-
job. Joe Ferguson was swamped and liable player, and the crowning of a ), Director of Pushbnll. Freshman h. I (, -.;,s v . I h g ‘4 ,_ 5 0 MIL 17 (mmnm On'_ t It“ li‘:l\',\'\\"‘1L'1 :H'r' on ion Well: its. , .‘ .  ~ “Wiles “L “'91‘9 “WIND to get the
his explanation for the resounding soccer Queen' Who Will be Chosen iTnismtiodiitis'tiiiild Cfl‘rl'fililtli/l  “imam m Lh‘] Cl‘mlms D"-" vak lhIinizhbciicrhlili (Iii)\ii'iliiil7l'liililt:sliilo   - ; Fch. 7H Maritime Aczid. iionii- Sonic of last year‘s mutmcn out 1113:: lizmlisivginl'iii‘kliis“lild‘iiilliiildiiii2 ball WSL Oswego goalie Bi” Pew!“
defeat is someWhac typical Of his by the em”? “"99” team'. Musm  BLOB-A1 Illusions: iif Joseph  and Fipld Evom'i m.“ Sl'vwn wam“ Tuesday cvcniug is that tin-y surely I Feb. 515 New l’nltz Away to gain starting slotslon the varsity thc JV's. A top Bootcr last, year he 50“: Album. donlim‘ted pluy for the
insipid character. He said, “The rea— for the occasion will be pl‘ondOd by thncy 'Pmrossm “1. Sum” Smd_ soil for themcn s words and flicr- will 1),, ml. ms, m “mph”, Wm.“ T k 2 d  Hair. 71 l’lulishurg Ali'ur NIH)“ :Il't‘ WHY“? Hill‘W‘i’. Bill Grown. “its h“PMl “mm H “0W pt‘d 1300101‘ (Thule immid .meh Closed With the
son I got beaten so bad was that Clyde Payne aiid his orchestra. " esa Vitalo for thc Womcn s. mm. (.IHFS wwwmmw “HS H m”: a e n  31,”; ; pomlum Away ,md1,,.,,1,,.g,,ulg through his skin 50010 10111111111118 OSWCQU 2. Albany

the Democrats didn‘t go out and
vote. Of course if they’d voted, I
might have got beaten worse. But
you always have the consolation of
thinking you would have won." It
is a credit to Lausche's ability that
he did not support Ferguson, indeed
he had deep admiration and respect
for Taft. Lausche had at that time,
and has now, an effective personal
organization which has enabled him
to amass amazing voting power to
overcome both the lack of a strong

Other chairmen for the dance are
as follows: Decoration, Tony Scor-
dato ’56, and Walter Barbash '56;
Refreshments, Helen Natale '56, and
Patricia Colway '58; Chapcrones,
Harlow Cushman ‘56; Clean-up,
James Owens '59; Arrangements,
David Hardy '57; Flowers and Cor-
onation, RoseMzu'y Santicolu '58,
and Sue Lieberman '58; Band, Sheila
Lister ‘57, and Everett Weiermiller
'57; and Publicity, Mary-Ann Kon-
lowski ‘58, and Ruth Fairbairn '56.

ies, Monday to Friday, specifies Sue
Barnhart '56. Chairman of Student
Board of Finance.

Miss Barnhart aISo suites that
the committee is at work investi-
gating the problem of tax curds, On
the suggestion of purchasing a lum—
inating machine, schral cstimutcs
have been obtained. Thc lowcst of
these is $680. Meetings will be held
on Wednesday in Draper 300. To
appear on the agenda, contact Miss
Barnhart by student mail.

The skit director for Campus Day
froln the freshman class will In-
Paul Ericson.

Rivalry Softball has been canccl~
led this year. This action was tlikcn
by a voto of Student Council and
thc Rivalry Committcc. Tho gnmc
had been originally postponch (Inc
to inclement weather. No rcplucc—
incnt event will be schcdulcd in the
list of Rivalry events.

Apathy is beginning to bc n trltc
word lit Sttitt‘, lit. Icnst, lo IIll‘ uppci—
clussmcn, but. no mori- suitablc worc
dcscrilws t‘ll‘t'lif)ll.\. If thc frcshnnill
class is npnthctic toward t‘l(‘('lltlll.\.
and what clsv can wc ussulnc ullci
Ilic rally. wc ll:l\'l‘ hit thc bottom
If :1 class, liftcr only six works .1:
State can show so llllll‘ lllit'l't':l ill
thcir clcctions, wc t'nll hc surc that
our own brand of Miss Rhclngolo
contests ul'c licl'c to slay for uwlnlc

 

YOU‘LL BOTH GO FOR THIS CIGARETTE!

 

 

 
  

 
    
  

 
    
   
  

I College smokers all over the country are welcoming Winston with

WINSTON

SHOULD!

open arms! 'I‘his king-size filter cigarette gives you rt al tobacco flavor. The

full, rich flavor rcally comes through to you because the exclusive Winston

filter Works so effectively. In short: Winston tastes good 7- likc a cigarcttc should!

it I nivurlllilll “Avilqu

\‘vI‘I‘IIUHvSAl (M, N C

 

S .

Shlﬂlﬁf’.
WI NST()N
the C££4A(t.r(£fl[lttitth

bi fit/L ciqcvuzt to l

 

State's varsity bowling qulluct
surgcd past Sicnn into sccond plucc
by sweeping all fch points froln thc
lowly RPI kcglcrs lust ’l‘ucsduy :it
the Siena :illcys. This was thc scc-
olld consecutive swccp by thc Ioculs.
bringing their seasonal mark up to
16-9, topped only by ABC‘s lcnguc—
leading record of 24—1. This wcck
it was scnior Al Slcphcnson who
led the team, scattering thc woods
for single games of 176, 216, and 173
for a total of 565. Vctcrun John
Ziclik came out second best with a
triple of 517, including singlcs of
182, 193, and 142. Not far bchind
in third place was Joe Clcmcnts who
blasted the muplcs for 504

“it 793, 798

The Feds clcurcd thc ullcys for
only 793 and 798 in tlic first and
third glimcs. rcspcrtiycly, but thcy
were good cliollgh to win as [I‘ll‘
Engineers hit only 716 and 731 in
the slime gzuncs. Both iciuns bowch
their best ill the second contcst, but
the Statcslncn Woli easily. 020 to 315.
The locals gaincd the two points
awarded for Iiiin total pinlnlgc by
a comfortable margin of 249 pills.

to bcgin opt'l‘nliolls this wcck whilc
another got \ch1 undcr way.

The bnskctbull sigliup shch up-
pcurcd on tho AMlA bullclin Ilolll'd
and many captains quickly got thcn‘
icuins posicd. (tonilnlssioncr .Ioc
Plil'l'l'll, assisted by Carl Muxson
:ind Jilil Filminnnons, uriu's :lll I‘llll-
nuns to sign up lhcir tcums bcforc
Noyclnhcr :l.

Mcunwhilc 'l‘uhlc ’l‘cnls \\;l.\ wcll
undcr way as thc indoor .sports on—
thusinsls bcgun :1 wild M'I'llllllill' to
upset topsccdcd Illll Iiock lIIltl IInrry
Millet, Inst yI-nr's champ and run-
ncr-up.

lloublcs iii 'l‘cnnis

I"ol' lhosc who prcfcr lhcir lcnnls
on :i higgcr sculc lid Wilson ‘58, has
unnounccd lhc bcglnlnng of u
doubics lcnnis Iolll'llllllll'ill. Wilson
rcnnnds all participants that llrsl
round play lnnst Iii- colnplclcd In»
Iorc 'I‘hnl'sduy. NorclnIu-r It).

In thc slnglcs tourney .Illn Slit~
lord \\'l'lll to lhc fluids and \\nll.\
to play t'llIli'l‘ Jllll Lorin-lilo. llunk
Stol‘l'h. or I)n\'c (il'ccllhct'g who are
logging in lhc quurlcrdniuls

lM Football League Ends Ploy,-
Potter, Hillt0p Capture Leagues

'l‘hcrc wcrc l\\'o gumcs pluycd iii
IM football this wcck. ()n Thurs-
day :1 strong Vclcrun hum toppch
Sigma Lambda Sigma us thcy scorcd
whcn Pulmcr rccovcrcd u blockcd
punt in the end zonc. Lukc Sundcrs
pusscd to llowic Cnldwcl for thc
i'xlru poillt to clid the scoring in
a hard fought tunnc Ill 7—0. In thc
othcr Icuguc gumcs Suylcs gained
a play-off bcrth stopping Van Der-
Icc Hall by u scorc of 8-0 as Hoot
Stcfuno throw on ncriul to Bob
Hlscho for :l touchdown A sufcly
;.-conntcd for two niorr points.

I’oiicr ()ycr Ilulnps

As tho plnyotf sturch on Friday
I’ottcr (‘Illb rolnpcd ovcr IlIl' Humps
135-0 .IoIlIl Iiookwood Iti.\.\l‘(l llll'l‘l‘
touchdown pnsscs Io Joi- Andcrson.
Bcrnic Bukcr and Paul Victor. Alp
dcrsoli ulso scootcd forty yards to

 

Illill't' points us Ills lcnln \yI-llt on to
win ‘Jn—t)

(lrnnndos Stairs

Ilob \\':I.\ HIII>I:tIl(llIIl'. Ill uII Ill-Ids;
running. passing :uld blocking
:IlltlllhI Sigma Lambda Sn-nln lust
'I'Illll‘stlny. Ills lIl'.‘III':Ilt‘ ]l.I.\*~III:.', kcj;
Illot‘k.\ and l-nd runs .mwuncd for
lunch oi tln- )‘:|I(l:li'l‘ «unnan by thc
\""l>ll:‘llll'\tl1t\\lll'(l[lil'HttlIllIIllllil'
Iran-rnni 7-0

 

Gerald Drug Go.

2I7 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

I’Iione Ii-ilIiIII

 

 

Felicia’s Beauly Salon

Sit—A No. Lake Ave.
«Near Washington Arc.)

 

“.Iilyllle" Hair Stylist
'I'eIrpIionc Il-iil-Iil

Bukcr
lonc cxtra point on :i

pay dirt on n nukcd rcvcrsc.
scorcd tho
Iinc plunge.
Ridge Forfeits

On the sonic day Ridge House for-
fcitcd to thc Vctcruns. SLS and
Suylcs l-Iull played to a scoreless tie.
in ll strictly dcfcnsive garlic on
'l‘ncsdny. 'l‘hc following day Hill-
top lrippcd APA 13—8 in a closely
pluycd t'ollii'sl. Bill O'Connor pass-
cd to Mike Flullivc for one touch-
down and was also on thc rccciving
end of a pass from Fluhivc. O'Con-
nor also ('ollllt't'lt‘d for thc extra
point to cnd Hilltop‘s scoring. For
APA, Darc Burroughs rccovcrcd .i
blockcd kick in lhc cnd zone for (5
points and :1 safety :lccountcd for
APA's othcr two points.

'l‘hc Imul Longuc Standings:

NORM FIICI.“ LEAGUE

'3 point penalty for late
scoring rcpori

 

Film Developed

ONE IIIIY SERVIGE

ALEXANDER'S

'307 (‘cnlrlil Avenue

 

 

 
   

G ;: .
mu, m...” n.,i/.... ,. 

(ol'ncl' Ontario .5; Iicnson

I)l/\I.

FLORIST and
(,i R 13F. NH ()1 IS If

i ill/iil‘ l‘fttl/‘I/ /tII' ‘lic’dl't

\

I 11.13

 

Walt Barbash, Stuic's finc trainer
is another unsung hero who goes
about busily getting and keeping the
lncn physically fit. The Bootcrs cer-
tainly know how good it, is to have
a guy like Walt around.

The guy handling the managerial—
ship this ycar is Frosh Ken Kadet
who seems to be doing quite a good
job.

Finally one guy that lnust not be
ovcrlookcd is the guy pushing the
pencil for APRB and getting State's
name all over the State. He is none
other than Frank McEvoy the third
of three APRB heads who got their
start writing this page.

Freshman Girls Vote
Today For Council

Freshmen arc rcmindcd that this
is their last chance to vote for the
girls who will rcprcscni them on
WAA Council. Voting will be open
to all frcshmcn girls until 3:00 to—
duy. Balloting will take place lit a
dcsk situated near the WAA bulletin
board in Lower Drapci'.

 

Bracelets
Necklaces

 

The second half began with Os-
wego moving the ball into Albany
territory but unable to collaborate
and score ll goal. Albany beginning
to realize their plight, started press-
ing the Oswego defense and carried
the ball into Oswego territory where
it remained for almost the entire
period. When the Lakers did get
the ball in Pcd territory it was
quickly cleared by fullbacks Carl
Maxson and Al Lcdderman. Goalie
Tito Gugliclinonc also proved to be
a thorn in the l‘loincteam's side.
Mid-wily through the period Bob
Backer sustained a leg injury and
had to be taken out of the game.
Coach Garcia \‘tls constantly shift-
illg his team in order to bolster the
defense and offense as was needed.

Albany Presses

In thc filial period the Feds. with
the wind at their backs pressed the
Lakcr dcfensc. Several Statc plays
narrowly missch clicking, the closest
bcing a shot by Wendell Fowler
which lnissed by inchcs. Another
shot by Ed Jones glanced off the
Oswego goat‘s crossbar sending
"oils" and “ohs” through the large
group of spectators. In spite of their
finc play, however. the Feds were

W. L. Pts.
  ' The box score for State: “Mm. (my, 3 0 6 Novcmbcr 16 has been named the :“It'blt‘l l” SHIV!“ “ild ["110 flame Cilth
°  n .r . SLH , | 2 :3 (Into for thc WAA Cokcr allnounccs “ it i‘ “51‘ “'1le [10 1111111 score OS-
Siiumfui  ifsii     AI’A I 2 in.“ Gi'”‘_Hlmk01‘.WAAlll'CSidCllL- The “"‘H" 3- Al‘mm' SW0 1»
212121;? n 5 1;» mi; Hg  \‘puq-“ns 1 g It:  two Il'cshlllt'll clcctcd‘to Council will l’cds Face U. of 15.
Stc ihcnson 17:3 Bit; 173 56:3 Sport Spotlight this wcck falls- on ' bc IIlIll:l[.t‘(l :u this time. Conimit— Tomorrow at Blcccker Stiiluni,
W l 1‘» 1')? W? 175 4,” J00 Andvrmn‘ PUHM. Chm-5 MM,“ ‘1 point penalty for lack tccs urc: cntcrlullnncnt. Lcc Huzcl- tllc Pcds will bc out to will a Hallie-
CIIIIH ~ “ hilmrwk mlmwmp 1mm)” m m of refs lnic; 1ood,l\’I:u‘yAiiliSchlotthuubcr, coining \ycckcnd game against an
‘  ' . . 7 . ri. - : I initiation. Alicc Locl'wood cxccllcnt Brid 'c) rt U  “ "
Ill (1; l; l s. lucgcd lllllilldtl o1 ,  ...  . .1, “'1‘ ‘ \ v 4 L10 illuislty ll ,
P 1121‘)\I‘r|‘II]-:|:::'1mm} "(HI Hun“; H” lil.\ LR“ \( K I‘ll-“Ile ho])llolllol't's.l All Static College wo- who will bc out to avenge a 2-0
BBSkCtba“ Heads 05* MM,” “mum H“. “mum MN.” I“. H H \\;. Ii.  l;ts. mm are lnyilcd. setback suffered lust yeiir.
' .i  .. 'iop Z
uscd his rpccd to only thc pigskin  . _... _ __
 A Sheet For Cage Year for :| fort\ yol'd lourhdoun run on "Mt" _ ‘li  : 1
C  T E l u |llll(l‘(l rc\'cr.\t‘. .lot‘ also nrnhllcd Swill)“ l L; l ,gl ‘ ‘ “P
x ,~ ' yils "Illll' rcut y i :  . . . ' l  -2.' ‘N ~ - ~.-  A 
l E T 01“ AMIA \l)(’1l\ !‘ t» lll [Hill in tin lll(l min for \l\ “"1 0 I 0 0 ‘ .

~ What About Jewelry?
The  has a Selection of
State College
and

Plain

Earrings

Cuff Links and
Tie Pins

 

 

 

 

 

