 

 

i

 

VOL. it No. 18

GIRL SCOUTS

Miss Josephine Cameron Interests
8. C. T. Girls in Girl Scout
Movement
Last Wednesday afternotm Miss
.lnsenlline Cameron talked to some of
the college girls about the (iirl Scout
movement which has been recently
started in Albany. She urged the,
gl to organize groups and act as
captains alld lieutenants after ex—
plaining tlle aims and interests of the
organization.
There is a tremendous power for
Wood or ill in, the group associations
of. the individual. particularly of the
pl’ stir growing individu: For this
» reason, among others, the. collt plan

is based upon the group and it pre—
‘ llly applicable method
for organ lg clubs of girls. The
:ntivi es .l'e conducted under the
wise direction of a trained adult. :\
definite program of work and play
adapted to the needs of growing girls
is offered.

The ideal of the Girl Scouts is
essentially democratic. The Inn oi
orgaul tion is simple and sect ‘
col'lper.’ltion of women of all cl Res
in a common sisterhood and rlevotiol
It) the cause of country and humanity.
lixpellsc is kept at a lllillilunnl, so
that lllt' opportunity is open to all

 

'1.

 

 

 

 
  
 

     

 

 

. l‘N‘.

While tllis organization i»: abso-
lutelr llflll"$i‘('f't ' '
religious ill intent and ill fact, 1'? l
girl is encouraged tn live up to the
tenets of her nartirnlar belief. She.
cannot be a good Scout unless she is
faithful to her own religion as well as
to all her otller duties.

"he Scout laws embrace a moral
ideal which helm ,s to humanity. and
it is our pnrpo. , u make their prac-
tice available to all American women.
it is the aim of this organization to
teac ls low to be happy, vigorous.
l't‘StIlllelll eirls and how to become
efficient, self-helpful women. We
propose to make girls more Vigorous
pllysleally and more alert mentally.

The. practical application of the

‘I'l‘inclplcs of efficiency to the personal
life is‘taught. Leisure time which is
permitted frequently not only to teach
waste. but artllallv to injure, is util-
ized in‘thc scouting scheme. Games
and sports are made the basis for
training, The program of each meet-
ing provides one-half of the time for
play. This play-time is made to
count as an asset ill producine.r char—
actor and in building the individual
into a social—minded. helpful and
happy person. The lives of Scouts
are richer and deeper for the. play
experiences tlley have enjoyed to-
gether and their life ideals are higher
and better bv reason of their practice
of tile Scout principles and laws.

    

 
 

 

 

 

 

MUSIC CLUB

At the meeting Monday the follow-
ing interesting program was given:

Vocal Solo, Kathryn Chamberlyne;
Flute accompaniment, Merle l‘losdo-
wich.
Reading, Margaret Reunning.
l’iallo Solo, Maud Rolls.
Vocal Solo, Amy Wright.
You get your money's worth by
patronizing our advertisers.

Don’t forget: the Sophomore
Sing, at the Interclass game, Wed-
ncsday.

 

in, it is distinctly.
|

 

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE  TEACHﬁRS
ALBANY, N. Y’., FEBR‘UAleY- 20, 1918

SENIOR HOP

 

Class and Guests Enjoy Dance

$1.50 Pen, YEAR

STUDENT ASSEMBLY

The. Senior llnp, held ill at. me...— Suggestions for Class Rivalry -made“byiRopre-

nasiulu last I’I'iday evening, lieb. [5,
was 'I very enjoyable occasion for all
those In ty enough to be present. ——
Only .5 niol‘s, llle ollieers of the un-
(ler rl‘ <. and their friends were in—
vited. rollselpleutly the crowd was
not large but of just about the right
proportions. 'l'here were several . l
soldiers the , some from the Albany “ml “HM-V “""lllnlcgmcmi '0 lic—
mm. “WM”, “m, mm. mm, H“, malnder of the nleetlng \\ soeeullll"!
unit... a, o. ’l‘. (.1, Williams College, ‘W “I't't‘cl'l‘t “‘1‘” """" . .
plum” Cumin“ Album, m“, each of, the varlous e lo which
School, (‘ol lie and :\llmll,\'.l\'ledical lSH-‘il‘CSl'l’l‘S “'9‘.” "ml" (“‘l‘il'r'm'“
(‘ollene w 'll represented. ll.” “Il’rl‘mb' “I” “l {I‘M sl‘lrfl “"ll
_ rivalry In college. Student (.Jtllllt‘ll
(‘l.:|ti):t"llll \’\::1lli'cr,(l[ITL‘S'tflCIti of the will coltslltlel' llluFC and will soon lll't‘."
 ‘ ‘1 ., lea.er le l'et‘CIVIIIt‘; sent a sen-me o at‘tloll.

llll'L’. llvan llnrner, Mrs. llnruer, Mal (iralln, _’l, was the first

   

Student .'\.\‘selnbly on Friday. lich-
ru. y l5th, \\ s ill el'lrge of Mys-
kania. After the singing of Allna
Mater, Mr. Joseph Walker lnalde '

 

   

 

     

 

 
    

 

 

 

  

   

 

     

   

 

MM ’ll'l‘ve. l’rol'. b'lrli'S. MI‘S- speaker. and ('lCHle presented the
5.’ ‘le alul llr. and M Hastings __
also honored the alfail' by their PROMETHEAN PLANS

presence.

.. . . . EXCEPTIONAL PROGRAM
lhe henlnrs “llooverlzed” on

decorations alld refreshments. but the ,\1] students should make plans.
mnstc. one of the few real essentials m “ltmll [hp “pr meeting of
“l 7'- Ilt'ml ‘lfmm'. “‘HS OKL‘L‘llk‘Hl- I‘ronletllean (February 211‘), as the
program to he given at that time
will undoubtedly be one of the best
it has ever provided. Dr. Thomp-
son alld Mrs. James 'l‘aafe, of the
First Presbyterian f'llureh Quar—
tetle, will interpret by reading and
COLLEGE CLUB ill music some of the recent war
poetry. Ur. Thompson. elloirmas-
. ter alld organist at the Fir lv’res-
,COllCi-{C (illll) Will HIL‘Cl Friday. hvterian (llllrcll, is a leader ill the
l‘Cllt'lliIry 22, at 42m l’. .\l. in Room (‘apitol District musical circles.
lot, Mrs. De. Forte will litlk about M rs. 'l‘aafe, a member of the same
the institutions of Russia and their choir, is well known as a soloist
connection with the present war. in New York anrl Albany. ("nine
A" OPPW‘UIHHY to ask (lllcﬁtimls 0n and bring a friend who appreciates
the subject will he given everyone. good music.

lf this was an example of a
“ l'lovcr dance " ~~ all hall lloovel'l

 

 

 

 

CHEMlSTS PRESENT VAUDEVILLE SHOW

10 All-Star Acts

 

 

Friday afternoon, Room 250 was crowded with students to witness
tlle marvelous performances of noted specialists from all parts of the
globe, llnpersonatcd by members of the Chemistry Clllb. Ea 1 member
on the program was introduced by descriptive remarks from Walter
Fraser. vice-president of the society.

Like all good shows, the program began with a musical number.
Banner & MaeEwan Co. featured ill a short sketcllt.

Mdllc. Seliberi, Mary Daly. the first of the mystics, demonstrated the
powch of plain HEO ill making colored writings. The letters changed
to brilliant yellow when her magic right hand waved before it; the left
hand causing a different color. A luminous sign of “Welcome” (lemon-
strated the zenith of her art.

Miss Flora, Dorothy l-linlcs, changed at will the color of Carnations
and caused luxuriant gardens to grow almost instantaneously from tiny
seeds planted in test tubes of water. ‘

Monsieurs Phoenix and Viro-t‘lre, Hathorne and Force, demonstrated
fire eating. Their stunts were miraculous. Vivo-ﬁrc‘s breath of " force "
caused moistened paper to burst in ﬂame and powdered charcoal to
sparkle.

Appearing next were the Three Graces. impersonated by Church,
Beardsley and Byer. These all revealed methods of "Garfieldizing."

Saurbrei. posing as Monsieur L’can, told a pathetic fairy tale of the
Deacon with a secret love for wine. He illustrated his story by changing
water to wine and vice—versa.

Miss liurnair, Theresa Dyer, showed the spectators how to save coal
by the simple method of burning air,

I Signor lllufferHEarl Sutherland, had a hard time to bluff the audience,
At last he caught enough thirsty particles from the air which attracted
water upward through a ten-mile hose.

The most pretentious offering was that of Herr Doctor Sprechenheit
von University of Limburger. After a learned-lecturoon the tri—methyl

nitro‘fulntinate. he gave the first demonstration of his new discovery.'

.-\t a touch of his hand, a llllQC'CZttIl'tOl‘t. pointing into the audience,
exploded, violently scattering its shrapnel far and wide.

It was an entertainment of clean fun and enjoyment made possible
by carefully selected ensemble of youth, beauty and clever scientists.

.:

 

sentatives from each Class.

 

views of the Freshman class. Ac-
cording to Miss (iralul,‘eollege is the
one place where \\c mayproperly in—
dlllge in class prejudice. 'l‘he liresh—
men, too, will welcome class rivalry,
since it makes them feel they are at-
tending cullelre rather than ll "teacher
factory." l:t‘05ll llibles, flag rushes.
lirosll caps, and push ball contests
\\'ere spoken o .

Lawrence McMahon, '20, gave a
lively talk on Sl'lpllnlnore \ c 's of the.
matter. Rigid rules for Freshmen
are ill order—-instance, l"l'eslullen
Shall wear no jewelry connected with
High School.

Martha Stewart, 't9. promised the
hearty cooperation of the Juniors.
Under smell should give up their
seats to upper assulcn and carry
their books. liresllmau election might
be sew-t. The order of sealing ill
chapel might, be in ngell to suggest
order of classes. | . nnan sandwich
melt could allnount. to Sophomores
important class notices.

Merrill . ulerhrc, ‘18, described
various tradltional scraps at Union.

.lartin llarry, '2l, advocated a
Freshman liible. and sun, ed class
deb es as a stimulant to lltalry.

Elizabeth Gardner, 'Jt). suggested
buttons as It means of identifying
tireslnncu, _

Alfred Miller. ' 0. Said that pipes
and lnustaell nnld he tabooed
alnongnndere. smell. Seniors should
wear caps and gowns during the sec.—
ond semester at college, and faculty
members when appearing in chapel
would lend an air of dignity to the
occasion by wearing their 'aps, gowns;
and bonds.

Dorothy Austin, ’IS. summed up
the points made, aml emphasized
intcrclass sports. ,

Other excellent remarks were
made, the trend of which was gener-
ally toward the construction of col-
lege spirit.‘

   

 

 

   

 

 
 

   

 
 

I.

 

   
  

 

Y. W. C. 'A.

The Y, W. C. A. meeting on Wed~
ncsday afternoon of this week will
be in charge of the Missionary Com-
mittee. Miss Grace Preston. will
speak upon Japan. Miss Preston has
taught five years in a mission school
ill that country and will be 'able to
give a very personal touch to her
message, I I

On Sunday afternoon at four
o'clock the Universal Day of Prayer
will be observed in the college audi-
torium by a prayer and praise scrwce.
The members 'oE the City Association
and the advisory board of the College
Y. W. ‘C. A; arcto be invited. The.
meeting will be in charge of Maude
Rose. All men and women of the
eo'lle'g‘ are urged to crime,

is. A. A.

 

The Frolic-scheduled for last Satur-
day avas postponed until. March 8.
Since there-is plenty of time to get
ready, be sureyourare there for the
fun and the'eats.

Get a “ Smileage Book.

It

 

