   

i

t
l

 

 

  

Page Two
‘ STATE COLLEGE news

 

Vol. II ‘ February 20. 1918 ~ No. 18

Published weekly. on Wednesdays. during the college year, by the
Committee on Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper, New York State
College for Teachers. Albany, N. Y. t .

The subscription rate is one dollar and a half a year. Advertising
rates may be had on application. Articles, manuscripts, ete., intended
for publication must be in the News Box before Saturdays of the week
preceding publication.

 

 

SENIOR EDITORS REPORTERS

 

Caroline E. Lipcs
Alfred Miller
Donald Tower

Dorothy Banner

Bernice Bronner

Dorothy Wakerly

Kathryn Cole 1
Stanley Heason
Mildred L. McEwan

 

 

LOCKER-ROOM MORALS

There is no one in college who would go out and hold up the first
person he meets, There is no one who would break into a house to
burglarizc. lint there seem to be many whose consciences permit
apparent “snitelling.” Rubbers. umbrellas. coats and lunches disappear
trom time to time. We hear it said that it is unsafe to have things

lying around.

t this college we are suppost to be educated men and women of
some calibre. Shall we not make an elTort to realize that petty thefts
are as soul—destroying as robberies of millions? It is a truism that little
thtcveries lead to bit.r ones. The truth lies in the fact that our petty
viees create a lob-ration of weak and flabby character. There is no
place in the life of an educated person for moral compromise for that
lcadst‘to decay. Let us give the complaints serious and rcfornnttious
atteu ton.

YOUR COUNTRY NEEDS YOU!

Did you ever stop to think of the endless number of human beings
upon whom you depend every day for everything that you need? Take
for instance the bare necessities of life. Just think how many people
are involved in the producing of one artiCle of clothing you wear!
suppose it 15 made of cotton cloth. There are the cotton planters. the
pickers. those who clean and sort it. the shippers, those who help in
the transportation. the factory hands. the tlyers. the shop workers and
perhaps delivery boys or messengers. Have you any duty toward these
parts of the human machine, which is working for you? Most assuredly!
Taking the matter up from a purely practical standpoint, you must
admit that upon the welfare of the producer depends the welfare of the
consumer.

The condition of industrial workers is very important in peace times
and very, very important in war times. Upon the health of a worker
depends his owneﬂicieucy and often the health and efﬁciency of others.
hon or some one dear to you may be among those affected. You have
doubtless heard instances where Clothing was made in large quantities
In homes _where tuberculosis or other dread diseases were present.
We will give here just one typical case to show the need of especial
Vigilance in thesetwar times. it was heard last summer that soldiers’
uniforms were being made under improper conditions An investigation
was made. One of the many reports turned in on the tenement condi-
tions was: " A diphtheria Sign on the outside and uniforms marked
U. S. Government on the inside." .

This particular case has now been remedied. but there are still others
just as bad. Here is where your help is needed!

When England went to war she made some great mistakes in ceasing

to carry out the safe and sane labor laws she had established in time
of peace. It is contrary to all the laws of common sense that we should
follow in these mistaken footsteps.
.“ Industrial history proves that reasonable hours. fair working condi-
tions and a. proper wage scale are essential to high production. During
the war every attempt should be made to conserve in every possible
way all of our achievements in the way of social betterment."

And yet the New York Legislature seems to be blind to all these
facts. Last year the Brown Bill was passed. by which our labor laws
could have been rendered useless. However. Governor Whitman vetoed
the bill because of the vigorous protests of manv earnest citizens of the
State. This bill has been introduced again. You can help to keep it
from becoming a law!

Look up the Brown Bill! Find out'ali you can about it and then get
to work. Interest all your friends. Get them to send letters. telegrams,
messages of any kind, to their Representative. Every single one of these
messages will have its inﬂuence. interest the organization to Which you
or your friends belong and get them to use their inﬂuence as a whole.
By so doing you will render a very great service to both your State and
country. Isn’t that worth a little labor on your part? '

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FEBRUARY 20. 1918

WALKING LUNCHES

Probably ntany readers of the "News" will be interested to know that
a new and important: dogma has been set forth in the school of ntedtcme,
and that this new dogma is the product of otlr own Alma Mater. One
of our alumni. now a student of medicine, has discovered a sure remedy
for indigestion: People should stand when eating. in stand for all three
meals of the day is the ideal of. preventative cure. Our world of busy.
overworked men. habitually careless about ltcaltlw could hardly be
expected to live up to such an ideal, in View of this fact. a group of
medical men have decided that. if a man stands while he eats one of his
three daily meals, he is reasonably safe from indigestion, How easy It.
is for State College students to protect themselves from the ravages of
this disease. since there are few places where they can sit down to eat
lunch anyway. Let every student resolve. to keep away from the empty
benches in the lower hall of the Science linildmg. and to walk slowly
up and down the corridor while eating lunch. Some pcoplc‘nll'cady
follow this line of procedure. but most of our students are always
grumbling about no place to sit down to eat lunch. not even seats tn the

 

 

lower hall. Dr. Quak, visiting physician at the new ificxncr School, has.
disrorered that grumbling itself Invartnbly produces Indigestion. Let s
stand when we eat our lunches and be good nattlred about u.

 

MAIL BOX

To the Faculty and Students:

i \vant to thank you people for the
delightnt Christmas box which i rc~
L'eived. You may rest assured it was
highly appreciated. Everything was
so good and tasty and it makes us
feel that we are not lut‘goitm. thonnh
iv are not pre~cnl. i also enjoyed
reading the “ State (.ollcge News."

[for some military reason, we have,
been transferred from l'ensarola.
l‘lorida. to Vlt']!llllil. I like itlhcrc
very much, but I certainly enjoyed
the few days at l‘t-nsacola. It was
warm there and all the conveniun'c;
were "

This camp has been built up re-
t'cutiv and is locatt‘d 0n the old
grounds of the Jamestown Exposi-
tion, ubich was held in 15107.

So far our work has been mosllv
company and battalion _(|rill. but I
expect to have instruction on 5th-
planes soon.

think there is nothing like nary
life. it makes one think. ac: and see
his responsibility.

. ’ery sincerely:

FORREST N. CASE.
U. S. Naval Operatiut.r liasc. [lamp-
tnn Roads. Virginia. Co. 2.

   

 

JUNIORS WIN FROM
FROSH

Score at Half Time, 10-7

 

The third game of the interclass
series resulted in a victory for the
Juniors. The Juniors were the
first to score. and they held their
lead throughout the game.
Towards the end of the ﬁrst half,
the Fresh spurted. and the score
at half time was: Juniors, IO;
Frosh, 7. Masson featured with
three ﬁeld baskets.

The second half opened with
both teams fighting furiously for
the lead. The teamwork of both
teams in this half was excellent,
but the shooting ability of the
Juniors brought them out on the
long end of the ﬁnal score, 21-15.
Tobias. a Junior guard, became so
cxeited that he shot a basket for
the Fresh. Nassau and Castallano
did excellent work for the Juniors,
while Hawthorne starred for the
Frosh. Linc-up:

  

JUNIORS

. fb. fp. tp.

Masson, lf. . . . . . . . . .. 6 I 13
Castallano, rt. 3 2 8
Whitney. e.  .. o o o
Chesse’t, lg.  o o o
Tobias, rg.  I o 2
Totals.'. .  to 3 21

 

 

f.iuk.lf. . . . . . . . . . . . .. i o ..

    

Rabner. rf. 0 o 0
Hawthorne. c. .1 t 7
anci, lg. 2 o .1
Bliss, rg. . . . . . .. .. o o o
liaker, rg. . . . . . . . . . .. o n o

Totals. . . . . . . . .. 6 t I;

Referee. hiaroncy. Timekecper,
Powers. Scorer. lloltnann. Fouls:
Juniors, I0: Iirosh. 8.’

SOPHS 36—SENIORS 9

Score at Half Time. Sophs 6—
Seniors 6

 

The Sophs won their second
game of the season by defeating
the Seniors in the fourth game of
the interclass series. The (r6
score at half time indicates the
close play of that half. Townsend
scored the only field basket for
the Seniors and Sanerhrei cattle
through with four free throws.
Merchant was responsible for the
Soph points in this half by scoring
two ﬁeld baskets and two free
throws. Nenuer. the Sopli left for—
ward. was put out for commitme-
lour personal fouls.

he Sophs opened the second
half with their regular team and
had the ball in their possession
most of the time. The Sophs
scored from all angles of the court
making a total of thirteen ﬁeld
baskets. The shooting of Carson
and Merchant. the fast Soph for.
wards. and of Captain Lobdell at
center stood out above the team's
superior teamwork. l-iakcs ex-
celled as a roving guard. and
Fugerson played a stellar game at
stationary guard, by‘ intercepting
many Senior passes. Line-up:

 

 

 
   

SOPHS
fl). fp. tp.
Merchant. c., rf. . 6 2 i4
Neuner, rf. . . . . .. . o o o
Fugerson, (2.. lg. . . o o o
Hofmann. lg. . 0 0 0
Hakes, rg. .. 2 o 4
MacMahon. rf. . . o o o
Carson. lf.  . 4 o 8
Lobdell, c. . . . . . . . .  3 4 10
Totals........... 15 6 36
SENIORS
ib. fp. tp.
Pearlman. If.  0 0 0
Townsend. rf.  2 0 4
Lobdell. rg.  o o o
Saucrbrei. lg.  a 5 5
Patterson, c.  o o 0
Totals......... 2 ’i 9

Referee, Maroney. scorer,
Whitney. Timekeeper. Powers.
Fouls: Snpbs, 1.1: Seniors, to.

 

