" @olltgiate Emmi

SECTION

“National Collegiate News in Picture and Partigraph"

u. s. TRADEMARK 5cm“. Nuann mm

CHAMPION BIG 10 GYMNAST » \X/ettstein oi the Uni~

versity of Iowa (Iowa City) won the title of best all-round

g mnast and First on the side horse in the Big 10 meet at the
niversity of Illinois.

ACME. PHOTO

In 1925 Charles Starretl, bill/back, In"! ln': six/eel two inc/2e: recorded far the Dartmouth AEGIS
as u memb'er a] the national c/mr/i/iionsbip Green eleven. P51 U's later saw Brat/Jar Starrel! in furs,
seal bunting in a movie called “The Viking.” SKINS jm' wit, be is new ﬁlm hero to jean Muir, Pa!
Peterson, and Virginia Bruce, newest ladies of the screen.

iamin conlerence he renounced profitable tool»
making and departed for the hurly-burly o a
stock actor's life in West Virginia, Cincinnati, and
Indianapolis.

CHARLES ROBERT STARRETT was sent lrom

Athol, Massachusetts, to Dartmouth in 1920 to

study commerce and prepare ior an oliice in the

L. S. Starrett Tool Compan , his lather's money-

,“ making Firm. This aim in Ii e Charlie postponed v '  - v I I
 ““thvlpursuinrg a consumirg (thee-yearambitionwtoh—B—TWWVW   I 4 4 7 ‘  ‘ V .  ' _ L A. - _ ( .l r I V v

win a "D' in football. The ambition was not ACK l i "‘“ne I e ded 'n . ‘  , r V . _ _ I I"

fulfilled until his senior year when he took a kw? afoulde 5h°ws that .OEE"?d and clossd « " » . -- r  .. s- _ I

fo‘rward pass and strode fifty yards for a touch With sickening thuds. Varric .FI’ISSCII took him - , ‘ .

down through omen, The find] score was to Labrador to act a.sn‘ow-d_riven seal 'hu'nter.

Dartmouth 63, Cornell 13, but it was the bright- Thederdmount put hum in Miriam Hopkins First

est alternoon in Charlie's life and the last of the lllmi F3“ and Looseg I” 'l he W55 ‘3 POP’ I?Ut

Saturday massacres that had made the 1995 hone“ Fulo ’"CCl‘d"!c Who Went sw'mm'm}

Dartmouth team national champions. WHY WEI“. A SWImminS 5U“ W65 "0 new

- . Charlie. He tamed iast»and-loose

Lon -limbed and long-armed, Charlie won “mam to .

..  . . . . iss Hopkins so handsomely that he won a

E)on 530:1” sylménelrnggdﬁezltggseghalt??? contract. But for that pact he would have gone
p I y Y with Frissell on a second

STRAINING FOR THE TAPE, three University "
of Southern California Los Angeles?‘ speedsters
blank the University of alilornia in t e 440- ard
dash event in a recent dual meet. Southern ali-
Iorriia won the meet with a 10-point margin.

acme PHOTO

QUEEN OF QUEENS 2. Nona Kenneaster
is the beautilul co-ed leader of almost all
0 t e " ueen" events on the Fresno State
College?Calil,) campus. She captured mid-
western beauty honors by being elected
queen ol the Drake University (Des Moines
\ la.) relay carnival. .»
' ACME PHOTO ‘

and Casque and Gauntlet.

RICHARD DIX was making "The Quarter-
back" in ew or . .ooking for summer jobs,
Charlie and a handlul of Dartmouth athletes
applied for, and got, jobs furnishing the back-
round. Director Fred Newmeyer told Charlie
twat he had a lace that would be just dandy,
indeed, in the movies, but he'd have to learn to
act to get nearer the cameras.

This advice Charlie took seriously. In a sad

Dii) YOUR CAMPUS produce a personality who is now prominent in
or political world? If you want to see that per hIIlly ti

Spotligliter, Collegiate Di P. 0. Box

t. t. m. M u. 1
mined, in addition to out: dnllzir for acceptable authentic zuu‘cdutt‘s about the famed of today.

W

North. The boat blew up, rissell and most oi
the actors died in the tragedy.

In Hollywood Charlie Starrett has played in
a half dozen lootball epics an has been poor
but Firm with spoiled daughters like Mary
Brian, Sally Eilers, Carole Lombard, and Sally

lane. ln "Sons oi Steel" and Warner's "Dev
sirable," he is getting away from strong, silent
stuii. o harlie, his wife, formerly ary
McKinnon oi Athol, and twin sons, this is good
news.

I ~ radio. inot‘ n picture. stage, :inI husincas.
subject oi ' xitlig tliunihnnil . ~tch. write The
One dollar Wlll he lor each LIL‘LL'plilItll! picture sub:

 

Mtlﬂ'll“ I:

uiii‘i'ii‘n—im

CHOSEN AT AN ALL-
STUDENT ELECTION,
Catheryne Wilbur reigns
as the Miss Universil oi
Chattanooga on the len-
nessee institution's campus
this year. She's a senior
sad member oi Pi Beta
I.

Lc/t
UP 'N‘OVER » Lee

Haring, Lniporia Teachers'
College (Kan) stellar
liiirdler, steps out in lront
to win the Kansas City
Athletic Club hurdles
event. Haring holds the
Central Conference rec~
ord oi 14.6, and linishecl
among the six linalisls in
the national collegiate
meet in Los Angeles.

HOBBY HORSES
are used to train
Alabama Polytech-
nic Institute (Au-
burng poio_ teams
and ere's tlwoo
Rouse, ace mem-
ber of the 1935
squad, Ilmberlng
up on the wooden
pony before a
strenuous practice
session.

itur e edition . r I»  _ ' i .
c e ‘p ,. ; . r l 2 Right

ENIERS OHIO
SI'A - James
Lin, 25 - year - old
son oi China's
president, has 'ust
enrolled in O to
State Universlt
o I u m b u s;
to study economics
and public utility
organlzation and
administration.
ACME more

iv

 

