 

 

Page 2

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 1, 1935

 

-‘ State College News

Established by the Class of 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

CONSIDER US, PLEASE

those present on these two occasions.

 

KARL D. Eases................
Kappa Delta Rho, '117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314
EMMA A. Rooms................
Beta Zeta, 080 Madison Avenue, 2-3200

GLENN M. Uneasas............
Edward E, Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424
Fania Daxraa............
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Haanv GUMAER............
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street. 2-0424

VIRGINIA Smab................Asaistant News Editor activities of all the budget-supported organizations at Wm“. if m, invitation h, 1101, mum; and reaction, presented that i?
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street, 3-9137 this college. ’llie presentations in question have DOC" doesn’t warrant one to ii bizzy house polished finish seldom attained except .
CAROLYN SIMONET..................Bustness Manager )‘Jortl‘y 0t “[0 money expended to bl'ﬁllg “'9” llel'u- dance. Helen was shearer glad to see by a real artist. It is not Miss »‘
Gamma Kappa Phi, 28 Quail Street, 2.4144 those responsible are to be commended tor their eltorts State’s Mm, About Town. Between Enters, (mm,ng "10",, that makes hm.
JOHN Dwouu'u“HuuAuacime Business Manager which made each a success.” But, it would be.sllgllll)i Mcchan you, peanut vending is still one of the foremost. in her prof ssion.
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue. 2-4314 more 80"_“”“8' t0 _0l11' ego It, iii ,the future, “9 “Wm thriving. isn’t it a shame that Eta Shi- ninsl ho a good musician aiul
LAUBITA Satin............Assoei'ate Business Manager  FFFOIlllm-tqu'uhil':mtll'ghgsc 1mm Without for free PM i“ 3" h” from T” 5”?“ “'"t m" """llmSLT’ She "'"Sl’ I’” " “HM.”
206 Western Avenue, 4-5007 “mu 0 seas m It ﬂuuonum' l’UHGI' Clul) "HHSL’il ll“! (.illlllllicll and designer, she must be an lns- ;

. . . . . . .Editor-ia-Chief

.......News Editor any such presentation of famous artists.

. . . . . .Assistaat News Editor

. . . .Assistant News Editor

 

THE NEWS STAFF

Sroa'rs Eorroa
Frank J. Hardineyer, ’30

Reroa'raas

best does not seem to be an incentive to support such
affairs in the future.

sidcrs is necessary in order to meet the expenses of
But, it
not so easy to understand why we, members of student

:5

_,,_,,Associate Editor association, for whom these affairs are supposedly

brought here, should always be herded into the next best
sections of the auditorium. It‘ outsiders desire to see
any of the artists brought to State, they should be per-
mitted to do so, but hardly rated over State students.
Members of student association, through the payment
of their student tax, make possible the existence and

WHAT ARE WE TO BELIEVE?
Dr. Moore’s recent address to the student assembly
and his criticism of the news articles of one of the
leading wcckly magazines make us wonder if the value
ot' the free press is as great as it is said to be. When,
on good authority, we are shown that what we read is

 

The seating arrangements for State students at the
recent presentations of Airgun Enters and the Don
Cossacks have brought forth considerable criticism from
The fact that
members of the student body are forced to take second

it is plain to see that ﬁnancial support from out- hith the evening. The queen seemed

 

STATESMAN

ﬁuatluhe

 

 

 

 

 

and painful sitting—nice stunt, jun-
iors. (iiissy and her purity was the

to enjoy herself, even dancing with it
certain ma lo t'i'osli. Why, oh why, diil
Alina sit down in such a hurry? The
Sl’lllt‘Sllliill’s question: “Who picks
the attendants?” New, from the
throne to the. keyhole in one move-
ment.

We hear that lieti‘y is ungeror the
spell but they won’t stinger with the
price of admission to Town Hall. We

still maintains appendicitis is 'iitch-
ing. Nightingnlcs will soon be perch-
ing on barber poles-and there
hung. Sold is to he draked around
the A lll'illlltl club this evening. l‘ibers
rand around also to lind a bit of
feminine lusciousncss. Les might
again meander to Hkidindi‘c unless

(.‘ainpus Day proved to be one long

“Once more and yet once more,
returning as before”, State college
arrived to exercise their culture.
Twice within the last few weeks we
have had an opportunity that we may
never have again. Whereas the Don
Cossacks are leaving the country, Miss
Enters is becoming more popular and
harder to gel. each season, not only
as a dancer, but also as an artist.

The most obvious merit of the per-
I’orinaiice was the unity of costinnes,
music, and lighting, which, when
coupled with the exact imitation of

 

torian to insure accu‘ate interpreta-
tion and detail, and last but not lcast,
she must have (I 'aniatie ability, espe—
cially in pantomiming. Notice that.
the whole cli’ect was not spoich by
the rumours. She retained lll'l‘ char-
acter throughout the number and
cncori-s.

 

 

 

 

    
  
  
   
  
    
    
   
   
   
 
 
    
    
      
    
  
 
   
  
  
   
    
    
 
     
  
  
  

azsisz'iwi‘lmmawéiwr.

Rosella Agostlne, Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley, Elsa

 
  
   

Cam“, Hulda Chase", Rum Edmund,“ Jacquenne Evans, nicre iinlpctrination ot' a small group with a powerful my one coopc‘ai‘cs. 'l‘he commons in As for the actual dancing, it was
Ruth Gillespie, Marie Geesler Mary Hudson, Aubrey weapon, is not our interest lll world iillairs somewhat being iilled up more each noon—the ('(llllpiisi'tl cliiclly ot body movements
.Kalbaugh, Margaret Woodruif, seniors; Helen Clyde, shaken? animal in me. Two more 'aciium mini-r than uoinplicnlml stops, liloch
bgggelﬂlgfrv‘dfgénmlggmg Gﬁggygﬂaguﬂﬁggeg"13m,23?; More than ordinary common sense is needed to know demonstrations and l(.l).|i. will be poi-soimlily skcii'li Iii-gun with a pliolo-
Mary pinﬁk, Euno, Sma'uey, phyms' vermuye’ juniors; what to assimilate and what to discard. Must we wait clcaiicd oiil. li‘rcd is real dcxtcrons graph of tlic |)l'|‘H(lllillll_\""lllil cfl'cvt
Betty Appiedoorn, Rose Berkowltz, Mildred Bodin, Willlani two decades before some unbiased individual with a de- ciisslie-vcnt to l)clmar. Divorce (le~ being given by body position, hand
gagiiynAggslsogurﬁ'chgﬁmggx (33";ng %eelﬁgngca\l‘lfilnrlruezi sire to present facts 'as they were, publishes an article li:('ti\'es do scare some of the Greeks. murmur-ms, mul oyo oxprt‘sslutL' 'l‘hat
.Jensmore,Antol1iette Don Vito,'llzabeth Driseoll, Jeanne 0” l”"'-“C"t (lily conditions “1 Gel'lllimyi RUSSHH Hilly; “ll” 15 “'0 “('ka (‘l'l‘l‘llmIll [lit-57 part of Miss l‘lntcrs’art is considered

              
  
    
  
   
 

 

 

  
  

     
    
   
 

 

hi. 3-1

1 FIRST roman.
noon/n. football
1935 was

gloved in Les Angela
when Occidental Col-

       
 

 

 

  

:<‘ P:

  
   

 

   

idgcumbe, Ruth

 

 

 

 

-.l.‘:-.\al._.r$¢.1.“nld' 4:“

 

 

.: 1w: van—ma“... .   we .,.

 

 

Frost. Ella Gifford, Muriel Goldberg,
Merriam Gould, Marjorie Jobsou, Ph ills Jobson, Rose
Kurkhili, Charlotte leman. Jean Llc ensteln, Josephine
Maurice, Mary McClung, Lillian Masher, Ruth Mullen,
Helen Olskl, Theresa Palmer, Dorothy Robinson, Mae
Rosenbeck, Adelaide Schmld, Jean Shaver, Martha Siieehy,
David Smith, Muriel Stewart, Ruth Thompson, Mary 'lobin.
Ramona Van Wle. Sophie Wolzak, sophomores.

1935 Member 1936
Rssocioted Golleﬁiole Press

Distributor of
Colle oldie Digest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-oﬁice, Albany, N. Y.

 

 

or a true account of the l'Jthiopian-[talian st rugglc.’ Sure.
l‘ii't‘li then it must be. read with the thought that thc t'acts Tlllil ."l‘A'l‘ESMAN.

are as the author believed them to be.

minds, 'apublc of seeing two sides of any question, but

up our hands in despair with lull one ipici'y in mind:
“What are we to believe, and if we do, how do we know
it is true?” Is there an answer to such a question?

(‘ollcgc students are supposed to be people with open

it is practically impossible for ninety-live per cent of 
us to live up to this standard. After four y‘ars of

gathering view points of historians, analyzing history
in sec if it repeats itself, and delving into :i nuilti-
ludc of daily newspai'iers, weekly and monthly magazines, 14pm,” STATE (‘ommm NEW”
and countless reports, we are only too willing to throw

 

 

 

 

I came to Campus day last Satur-
day with my daughter. l was pleased
by tlic bcauty ol' the queen and her
attendants, and highly inniiscd by the
senior stunt. The rest of tlic cvc-

 

BOOKS: Ethiopian Relations;
Which Way America.

 

 

The News does not necessarily endorse sentiments

ressed in contributions. No communications will be
pr nted unless the writers’ names are left with the Editor-
n-Ohief of the NEWS. Anonymity will be preserved if so
desired. The NEWS does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

 

Puma!) av Born Pam'rINo Co., 1240., ALBANY, N. Y.

 

Vol. XX, No. 5 November 1, 1935 Albany, 1'. Y.

 

FATHER TIME MARCUES ()N

Tonight ’36 dances! While tripping the light fan-
tastic over the glittering floor, we seniors will be only
too reluctant to believe that this is our final “splurge”
as undergraduates of State. As the last number fades
into the air, the end begins and we prepare to give way
to our ,inuior class which will soon displace us in
seniority.

Three years ago, we were ignorant (in tho i'ays of
college lite) and grccn freshmen. (lur ycarling days
were devoid of cares (cxcept for billet dons). The fol-
lowing year we sti'iitted about, as sophomores do,
believing we were the supreme class of Htatc. Last
year, we began to take our place in the more responsible
sidc of college life. This year, we are i-itlicr practice
teaching or anticipating it, envying our three sister
classes who still nccd not worry about the future

Tonight we are the show. Would that cvcry scnior
could be an actor in the play, for never again will come
thc opportunity to mingle as a united group. 'l'omorrow
and lici'i'ai’icr we shall be more spectators.

Tonight '3” dances!

Altl‘i Ytll' Al’l’ltl‘lt‘IA'l‘l\'|*II

As the weather grows colder, life iil. Slate grows
more interesting. To be certain that matters do not,
become too bookish, there has grown up it side of college
life here that would be the cniy of many an institution
on any college campus. And, too, what is most coin-
mcndablc, is the really worthwhile cnlcrtiiiiiinent given.

State’s stage has oncc more drawn its curtains to
open a season which will glndden thc hcai-ts of any liner
of tlio footlights. Tragedy and coincdy will parade
before the spectators during the long cold months lo
come, in an effort to relieve mcmbcrs of this student
body from their worrii-s oi’ the gcrunds, paraboloids and
Milnites. Amateur directors and aniatcni' casts in a
sincere effort will attempt to make life inci'i‘y.

State’s amateur programs have nevi-r bccn sutlicicntly
appreciated by the student body in gonci'nl. Little do
they realize thc work and effort. that goes into each
production on part of both players and prodnccr. Too
often rooms the iindoscri'cd criticism without the troll
zation that, after all, one has othcr things to do bi-sidcs
spending hours of practicing (and worrying) lll order
to put on these weekly pi-rl’orinanccs. And last, but not
least, to bring ill the iiii-i'oenury viewpoint, lct us be
just a bit more generous in our donations at the door.
If an hour or two of pleasant relaxation isn’t worth the
price of a package 01‘ cigarettes, mattcrs have reached
a deplorable stage. The actor ’s reward is your applause,
but it takes hard coin to pay the bills. ilastcn not past

G.M.U.

Black Shirt, Black Skin, by lioakc Carter. The Tide-
graph J’rcss, Harrisburg. l’a.. 193.3. 178 pages. $1.30.

in this one volume, Ethiopia ’s history, past, present,
and “almost” future is presented in simple and under-
staiidiiblc pi'osc. Numerous illustrations and maps by
(leorgc l’. "ayko, .Jr., piclurc incidciitals of geography
and everyday lit'c. The question often ariscs, “l’nit
where does Abyssinia come in.’ The answer—Abyssinia
is syiionomous wilh Ethiopia. it is an Arabic word
meaning “confusion has comi- to mail.”

As the curtain rises on the stage, so l'ltliiopia is pro
seated in all its gcog'iiphiciil splcndor- or what should
be called waste. l“tll‘ instant-c, it takes ii train llli't‘l‘
full days, sometimcs as long as a week to travel Silo
miles. l“lil'lll(‘l'llllll'l', lhc li'ibcsincn [car tip the railroad
cvcry now and then and iinikc oil with strips of rail
to bcnt into :i ncw batch of spears. The gay young
blade of thc lhinnki-ls give their best girls some fancy
-ink|cts or nrnilcts fashioncil from coppcr tclcplioiic
wires. The railroad was never wanted by l'llliiopian
iribcsmcn. Robberies arc frcipiciit aftci' cigld o’clock
at night in l'Ithiopin, iiol a land of prohibition.

(‘Ii-vci', thi-sc l'Ithiopians! t'oni'ls may be hcld llIl
proinptu on ii slrcct coriicr, and a man pleads his own
case. .\ creditor is seen coming down llic slrccl lcnding
his three dcbtoi's t'lll'll chained to him; domestic and
dcbt slavciy is thc rule in l'Ilhiopiii, :ind iiiigcr prints
arc used, for instance, to sign contracts.

Iii-spite llll' fact that Selassie is :i inodcruisl, i-i

l'Iuropcan in outlook, and has tric'l to modernize his
capitol city. still to all intents and purposes, it is a
rambling village, composed of tin rool’i-d \\'litltll'll lion-ms,
anal and batch Iiiils, iinln-aliby sliivc ipiiii'lcl's, ctc.
’l'lu- nmjority of l'Ilhiopiiins arc not anxious lo modcrnizc
thcir country :is llll'_\' l’car tlic evil spirits. 'l‘hc ciis‘lc
i'cmaiiis today. L'lhiopiii is a strange mixture of good
nos-i and biiilncss, of rules and laivlcssiicss, of llli'llli'lt"
viilisin and niodcrnism, and a land of startling conlrnsis.
t'iirtcr cntillcs onc chaplcr “ lilack irony,” to signify
slnvc ll'ltlll', Shin-r) and slow hunting exists today as
it did long ago. It is cstiiniilcil llnil one out of cvci'y
i’oni' arc in Hl’l'VllllIll‘, Hclassic, riding in his .\llll‘l‘lt'lill
automobile, must di'ivi- iii a slow spi-cd lo ciniblc his
slows to kccp up with him.
H'l‘bi- l‘illllt'H most and to l‘l‘llll'll sliivcs Io Abyssluin
ill'l‘ not tliosc by hind, but by scii, and ii is ll'illlll'lll
that these (‘lllllltl’ltilllllll points for slow li'ading ships
should be in llllllllll l'Iriti'cii :iiid ltiiliun Hoiiuililaud.
and Mussolini complains bittci‘ly that thc slave li'zidc
tloiii‘lshi-s in l'lthlopiul"

(‘an ltaly compo-r l‘illiiopiu.’ 'l‘hc author iinswci's
“yes” but with rcnci'vulions. He then goes on to
summarize Mnssolini’s position \\lll'l'l‘ lic is ulii-i'ly
omililc lo llilll biick and I'llhiopin's casc against llllll.
Nature is l‘ilil|lt‘l'tll' lllllll‘ Sclussic's grciiti-sl ally, lnr
has fciv modcrii imploiiionls of war.

Turning to Amcricn, (‘iii'tcr parallels us to lillii uudcr
l'rcsldcnt Wilson a program of New li‘i'ccdom. lli'
shows how natural i'csoni'ccs and not l'car will pull
l'nitcd Sliilcs inlo war, if it comcs to war.

The book is just a story, as oiic mun talks aloud to
anotlici'. it is Written for Americans with the hope that
it will explain some things, correct l'iilsi- impressions,
caiisc serious thought and l‘orcwui'ii. “'l‘o Iniili-rnliiiul
is at least fifty pcr «mat of the biilllo to avoid cnlanglc-

 

the door.

nicnts. ”

    

iiing’s entertainment puzzled inc. 1
know what I as an outsider, thought.
I wonder it' it would be asking too
much to have you answer these (pics-
tions for me?

Were you, as State college students,
proud to have visitors see your
stunts? Were they the best that your
people could evolve? What. do you
consider the value of spending your
time and effort on producing such
dubious entertainment?

I hope such inquiries are not out ot'
order, even for

“An interested Parent”

To the Editor:

Hiiicc reading your editorial in last
week’s issue of the NEWS, l lmvc
foi'inulutiul some ideas ainl would like
to suggest. llll'lll in an lllll‘llllll to
sol\c thc li'allic congestion lll'tllllt‘lll.
As you iiitiniiitcd, thc grcatcsl sitinr
iloii confronting us is ihc construc-
lion of the buildings tlii-insi-lvcs. 'l‘lii-
congestion is most noticcalilc :inil ug-
gi'avaling Friday morning at llzlll)
o‘clock when l,:3tlt) sludcnls arc iluc
in one building with loss than lcn
iniiiutcs allowed for getting llll'l‘t'.
(lnc narrow sliiii'wiiy count-cling lln-
Iowcr and main doors of llusli-d liiill
is insullicicnl by for. Although l mu
ill! i-nglncci' (II‘ :ii'i‘lilli-cl, it sci-ins to
pic that ii sccond stairway couI-l bi-
built mnuuln-rc nitliin lhc liii'gc iircii
lo l‘l‘lll'\l' llll' (‘l'(l\\lll‘ll ('iillilllliills l'l'liln
the hallways, tlic :inncx and llll' cul'c
ll'l'lll. llii\\‘i'\i'I, il' llll‘i is iliipossllilc
or inipriiciicnl, i would suggest lhc
l'olloniii: too Ililllgw: iii'sl, inorc slu
iii-Ills should use llil' pcl'istylc lll [\iccn
lli'apci' and llustcil bulls, cilhcr \‘l:|
lhc Ii‘oiniidu or the stairway by ll
l‘iiop: secondly, lllt' Mlliu- sliiilcnls
might bc I‘l'lllll‘h‘lt'tl to wait, until llzlb
lii'l'oi'c l‘llll'l'lll“ lllls‘li'il ball on
Fridays.

'l'lu' si'coliil piillll (il' i'iillgcsllon is
llic liiillnny i‘lllllll‘l'llll“ liicliaid-oo
hull and l'iigc undiloriiiin, llin-s llII'II
linic to bc a two fool glass lirc iliml
on curb fillll' of ii inodi-iiilcly ll.’tllii\\
doorway at lllt‘ north end of llll‘ luill"
(‘onld Ibis door nol lu- insolc \\|il|'l'
\\'hcn i,::oo sluilcnls ninsl asst-iiiin
lll lllt‘ iiiidiioriiiin within eight oi ll')|
niiniilcs, iiinpli ilool spaci- should in»
pi'oiiilcil. Again, I would suggcst
lhal students iisc lhc front t'lllllllll'i
of l'iigc hull,

Ni-i'i-I‘ilicli-ss, those two sliggi'slions
for student piil'licipiillon lll l'l‘ll1'\lll;l
tlic li'ulllc conpcstion can hardly be
coiisiilcrcil pci‘ninui'nl us \vlnii-i' is
approaching. t'iiiinol sonic sulisi'ar
tory arriingcincul bc lllll'tltllll't'il lll'
l'oi‘o slndciils losc lllll‘l't'rll lH'l’IIIINl' of
thc lab-aces in starting iisncniblii-s'.’
()i'lobci' 7.“.l, Illiifi,

technical, but it is thc place where
most, daiiccrs fail. She has nicely
capitalized her best features, iiiinicly,
licr hands and eyes.

At last We have found something
more subtle than our “collcgc llll
Illtii'”. in fact, Miss l‘llllt'l'h‘ was so
while that college \\'l.\‘l"lll(‘|l (women;
were left gaping. Only when the
humor was obvious and ('l‘llilt‘ did the
audience rcally :ippi'cciutc Miss
lu'iitciri' pcrt'orintincc.

lcrtniiily llll' Auto Ila l"c and llo_\’
(‘ardinal wci'c obvious enough for the
audience, not that it detracts from
the greatness of both dances. in our
cstiination, we feel that the simplicity
and beauty of theme as well as c.\'c»
cution gives gold stars to tliosc two
danccs.

Did you hear the female sigh when
Mi". |\'ciincth Yosl :ippcarcd on the
stage? We vciiliii'c tlic opinion that
scvci'al sweet young things lind plcns-
:int drcinns Monday night, and llicy
iliilii’t dream of Miss l'lntcrs cithi-r.

Y.W.C.A. Starts

Theme Discussion

“l'liilosopbics of life” will bc lilo
tlicmc of the Young Women’s (‘hris-
'an association discussion nun-tings
this sciiii-slcr. 'l'hcsi- int-clings will
be lcd by Inciiilu-i's of the faculty and
by students. The lirst of this ﬂl'l‘lt'H
was coliiluclcd iii the lounge .‘ll Ll”
p.ni. ,i'cstci'iluy by llr. l). \'. Hniilh,
professor of history.

,.

 

’GRECIAN CAMBOle

 

l‘l\i'i'_vlliing is lii'ci-inn thcsc days.
And do the siii'oi's l‘\'t'l' liiioii ii.
Higiiui .\lp|ui \\t'l<‘iillll‘ll inlo ph-dgo
iin-inbi-rship Mary lli'anniguii, his. .\l
I'Itu l‘lii, l"rnnccs Kelly, ’37, illltl Alli!"
lilll'll‘ Lil-cl, 'Zlh’, also said lllt' l't'
llllll‘l‘ll “l do's.” .\s did llii'ln
lhi'slilnicl', ’llh‘, ill lh'lu 7min.

Maybe il 's the \\lll|ll nciilhcr \\llll'l|
rcniinds them of spring ’ciiusc the love
l.ii'i|.~. cv-i'iiiinly iii'c singing. Alpha
lilo: :llllltllllll'l‘n‘ llu' niiil'i’iiigc of l'ill/il
bclli llnymond, ’illl, lo llonnlil Nuns
nuiii. Myron (‘oopcr ol~ Albany is
llic lucky man for Lillian \\'cinbci'g,
ilil, according lo l'i .\|pbli 'l'iill.

l'bi lll'llll lind lln “Standing Itooiii
Holy " nigll out \\'llt'll l\':illii'yii t'i'ow
cll, ’.;I, lllll‘lilll)’ llollz, 'Ill, t‘cciliu
lilslloli, 'Jll, l'ili/nbcili l.iipp, 'Ill,
lru‘llil'l \\'iuli-i', ’Ill, .\lll'l‘ ('Iiii'k, ‘.l.3,
luv). li’obci‘is, ’llh. illlll Mary Viabi'is
llll', ’Ilfi, illuppI-il lll for Alumnae
nccli i-iii. .\t Alpha l'IpsiIon l'bi,
lioi'llni Final. ’55.}, \\as tho lonc guest,
but _\oii tllll place your bcts that sbc
was lllill'l‘ lliiiii \\clcoiiic. The same
gocs for Margni'ct Noonc, ’lll. at
.\lph:i llhc. Phi Lambda was also
pli‘asi'd to sm- llcrahlinc Slater, ’.l."i,
llosnmoud Vaughan, ’35, Marion l'oi'
li-i', ’35, mid I‘lvclyn lloyt, ’."..’;.

A firm chiiir hop and house illllli‘t‘
tlio coeds will probably take off Ihcii'
(lrcciiin gowns and ilci-iilc. that the
ward the (lrccks must liavc inn-ant. is

 

 

AN AHHICMISLY l'lN'l‘llllHlAH’l'. slccp.

  

f , a: 1  ~ ' - . ' ‘ OCIAL worker
' ' M and scholar, Be—
atrice Menne has been
awarded a scholarship
in the Loyola Univer'
sity (Chicago) school
of social work. She is
a graduate of Mount
Mary College.

ENGLISH WOM-
EN ARE LEAST
FEARFUL ’ — At least
tests conducted at the
University College,
London, proved that
Irish girls are notable
to bear as much pain
as their English sisters,
while Welsh girls reg-
istered most fear at

.' . Eileen Bell of
gothnd is shown subv

     
  

 

      
       
     
   
         
      
      
  

made; to the "pain"
tests

I

 
 
 
 

 

  
 

   
 

ATIONAL 1N-
T E R C O L L B-
Gl AT E tumblin g
champion George Nisr
sen, University of
lowa junior, does a
neat trick while bal-
ancing on the hands of
Xavior Ieonard.

  
   
       
 
      
        
      
 
     
 
      
 
     
     

  

 

leg: defeated the Uni-
versity of Mexico. :6

 
    
     
       
   
       
   
      
 
  
  
 

 
     
    
        
       
      
      
    
         
   
  
  
    
   
 
 
 
  
  
    
    
  
 
    
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
    
   
  
 
   
  
 
  
     
   
     
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
   
  
  
 
 
    
  
 
 

 

