 

Seated before someone else's Packard car.
~Bud MacMurray. Carroll College freshman
and pledge of Beta Pi Epsilon in 1925, was
famous in a small way as a sweet saxophone
player and a regular ball carrier on the [rash
grid squad who grinned down at the world
from six feet, three inches of Irish reticertce.

'N 1925, Bud MacMurray was raduatecl frOm
the Beaver Dam (Wis) high sc ool with the
American Legion medal given yearly to the most
, .zounded scholar and athlete among the graduates.
He was also the best saxophone player in 'the
school and the boy who had made most of the
drawings for the yearbook.

coking over these accomplishments, he de-
cided he could be of some use to Carroll Col-
lege (Waukesha, Wis.) as a football star. The
saxophone would earn his 'keep while he at-
tempted to discover whether he could really
draw pictures. By November, 1925, the horn
and freshman lootball were interfering with his
education. Beta Pi Epsilon had pledged him.

was thinking of buying some textbooks.

N FRlDAy and Saturday nights he played
in dance pavilions wit an orchestra
called Joy's loom Chasers. Carroll College
had a dramatics club from which Alfred Lunt,
the noted BroadWay actor, had graduated. To
red MacMurray this was an unexciting fact,
he had decided against acting when he lailed to
make the cast of his hi h school class play.
in June 1996, Fre gave up Carroll college
and art to be a musician, an occupation promising

Like Rudy Vallee and Wayne King. Fred
Miszurray hoped to get ahead by concentrate
ing on the saxophone. ‘To his utter surprise
this mild ambition made him a movie star.
leading man to Claudette Colbert in uGilded
Lily." hero of “Car 99" and "Grand Old
Girl" with May Robson,

the money the MacMurrays had seen little of in
eaver Dam, where his divorced mother had
worked hard in offices to keep up a two-room
flat. He went to Hollywood with his mother,
where they hoped to find sunshine'and many
dance bands. His mother broke her hip in a la”.
For five years she was confined to a hospital,
and her son, to pay the bills, worked his sax,
when he could, in and about Los Angeles.

T THE studios Fred applied as a saxophone
player, and met, therefore a saxophonist's
cold reception. A band, the California Collegians,
MacMurray with it, played a successlul way east-
ward. ew York the orchestra was hired for
Three? 'a Crowd. Fred came from the orchestra
pit nightly to be the man to whom Libby Holman,
the star, sang her flaming torch, Body and Soul.
ln Roberta, Fred had some lines and a song on
the stage. Paramount scout saw him and
brought him home to Hollywood—from Libby
Holman to Claudette Colbert and a seven-year
contract.

These were swift and strange happenings to
Bud MacMurray who had given no secon
thought to being an actor as long as he could
still play the saxophone.

DID YOUR CAMPUS product: a personality who is now prominent in the radio. motion picture. stage. art. husi

or political world’

mitte

{you want to see that personality the mhject of n "Spotlights" thumh
Spotli hter. Co ‘1'. l’. 0. ﬂux ‘71. Madison. Wis.
ill. in addition to one dollar for acceptable autlwntic anecdotes about the famed of today.

I sketch. Write T -
One dollar will he paid for each :Icccptnhle picture sult-

 

H
this novel apparatus set up at Stevens In-

- stitute of Technology (Hoboken, N. J.)

by

ULL RESISTANCES are measured by

Pro . . 3. Davidson

.J:

ANOTHER RECORD FALLS n Glenn Cunningham, great
University ol ansas (Lawrence) miler, forges ahea o
Hornbostel, of Indiana, to set a new worlds record in the
1,000 yard event with a time ol 2:101 e ran the mile
during the same meet in 4:14.8.

“a PHOTO

.t 2'.
BETA'S COMPOSER :- James Golseth, former University ol
Minnesota (Minneapolis) student, has composed two songs
which will appear in the lorthcoming songbook 0 Beta
Theta Pi lraternity.

THRUST AND PARRV 1. Helen Vanderbuecken (lei!) successfully partiesE
an attack by Florence Shaw during an hour of fencing practice, at 00

College (Frederick, Md.)

 

