 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 8, 1935

 

- State College News

Established by the Class of 1918

'lbe Underlraduate Newspaper 01 New York State
' College for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD

Kant. D. Enaas................. .....Editor-in-(}hief
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Emu A. Rooaas.......................News Editor
Beta Zeta, 080 Madison Avenue, 2-3260

l-LnNN M. UNeaaaa..................Assoeiate Editor
lildward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

Fun anrsn..................Assistant News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

liner GUMAER.............‘...Asaistant News Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

VIRGINIA Swan. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Asaistant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street, 3-9137

(incurs Smoua'r. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Business Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi. 286 Quail Street, 2-4144

Jonx DINO. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assoeiate Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4814

Lanna Sm. . . . . . . . . . . .Assoeiote Business Manager
Western Avenue, 4-5967

THE NEWS STAFF

Sroa'rs Em'roa
Frank J. Hardmeyer, '30

 

Rsroa'raas

Rosella Agostlne, Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley, Elsa
Calklns, Hulda C assen, Ruth Edmunds, Jacqueline Evans,
Bath Gillespie, Marie Geesler Mary Hudson, Aubre
Kaibaugh, Margaret Woodrulf, seniors; Helen Clyde,
[label Davldge, Elizabeth Goodlng, Elfrleda I-Iartt, Eliza-
beth Herr, Joan Knpian, Marg Lam, Robert Mnrglson,
Mary Plank, Elinor Smaliey, hyills Vermiiye, juniors;
Betty Appledoorn, Rose Berkowlta, Mildred Bodin, William
Erradt, Anne Burr, Frances Cahlil, Helen Cailenius.
ﬁrstbryn Carlson, Richard Cox, Alvena DeLong Warren
c, Antoinette Don Vito, Elizabeth Driscoi, Joanne
ihdgcumbe, Ruth Frost, Ella Gifford, Muriel Goldberg,
lerriam Gould. Marjorie Jobson, Phyllis .Tobson, Rose
Charlotte leman, Jean Lichensteln, Josephine
Mary McClung, Lillian Mosher, Ruth Mullen,
Helen Oiskl Theresa Palmer, Dorothy Robinson,
Rosenbeck. Adelaide Schmid, Jean Shaver, Martha Sheehy,
David Smith, Muriel Stewart, Ruth Thompson, Mary ’i'obiu,
Ramona Van Wle, Sophie Woizak, sophomores.

 

 

 

1935 Member 1936
Rssociated Collegiate Press

Distributor of
Colle skate DieSest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-ofﬁce, Albany, N. Y.

 

The Naws does 'not necessarily endorse sentiments
expressed in contributions. No communications will be

111th unless the writers’ names are left with the Editor-

-Chief of the NEWS. Anonymity will be preserved if so
desired. The NEWS does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

 

Paxu'ran av Bovu PRINTING Co., INC., ALBANY, N. Y.

 

Vol. XX, No. 6 November 8, 1935 Albany, N. Y.

 

DORMAN'l‘ Olt DEAD ‘.’

An instrument, machine, or object is only us good as
the service it cnn rcudcr. We wonder if the same rule.
cannot be applied to State’s numerous organizations
and extra-curricular program?

Showing a list of uctivitics existing at this collch
to an outsider should certainly give the person the
opinion that there is little not covered in some way or
other. But few ol' the organizations curry out any but
a spasmodic program. A survey of thc cxtnut clubs
and organizations reveals that many have failed to
function at nil or only slightly this your. is it not time
for a housccienniug thcni

Au upvlo-dntc nnd nctivc club can rcndcr n rcnl
service to studcnis of its own dcpnrtmout, nud others
also, if it bus workcrs with sutlicicnt initiative to
organize and sponsor it worthwhile program. (‘lnss-
room work is not ulways nblc to present the information
and benefits which can be gained from exhibits, promi-
nent spcnkcrs, dramatic sketches and social guthcriugs,
but student committccs and groups urc ol’tcu ubh- to
fill those opcn gups.

Society todny has little rcgurd i’or worthless objccis.
if the present lcudcrs cunnot or do not want to forum-
into a useful progrnm, thcy should willingly rclinquish
their positions to those who scc morc in nu oilicc tlmn
a mere title.

A FALL llUl'h‘lC ('LICANINH

At rcgulur intcrvuls it bccomcs m-ccssury to plcnd
with tho invaders ol' the nciivitics oillcc to rculizc oncc
again the purposo und supposcd usc of tho oilicc l’cr-
hnps it is most hundy to thoso who usc it for lounging
and visiting, but it is u handicap to tho staffs of tho
vnrious activitics in ihcir cil'orts to curry out thcir work.

'l'hc snmc condition prcvuih-d :1 your ngo with tho
rcsult Hunt the ndininistrntion opcucd thc t'ommons for
the use of the students for slich purposcs us could not
he cnrriod on in tho librnry, Loungc, or oihcr parts
of tho collcgo, [is opportuniiics hnvo bccn uscd to good
advantage by u. ninjority ol' tho studcnts with the ox-
ception of that coriuin few. if is not thc intoniion to
complain unnoccssurily about the mnticr but tho clut~
lewd crowdcd condition of thc plncc is anything but
pleasing, and certainly not one for inspcciion by any
visitor at the college.

Unless the cooperation of the students can bc sccurod
in making the office one for work on uclivitics only, it
will be noerssnry to revive once again the committee
for the enforcement ol' the rules luid down by tho ad.
ministration for the use of the place. It will either
be willing coo icration on one hand or forceful cjcci-
ment on the other. The former is really more pleasant.

7 0—30

“Nine hundred have paid their student tax” may
sound very fine and the comparison with last year may
look equally well but the fact that there are still four
hundred who have ignored their just obligation is
enough to take the glamor out of any headline such as
this. But the truth it is, however one may look at the
matter.

Seventy per cent is far from one hundred per cent.
An average of three out of every ten State students
passing Minerva day in and dny out must feel the desire
of the guardian of State ’s traditions to use the weapon
clasped in her right hand to gently prod those
delinquents.

Each activity will be able to carry out its plans for
the your only to a degree proportionate to the number
of student taxes paid. Seven-tenths is far from com-
plete and will be equally for from satisfactory to the
students. But the most dissatisfaction will come from
those who must support the minority.

Though 1929 has not as yet returned, it would not be
too difﬁcult to put affairs in such condition that one
could truly believe it to be just around the corner.

A LOCKED DOOR.

Reminiscing seniors and bridge sharks occasionally
recall the times spent during their freshman and later
days in the Lounge of Richardson hall. These some
memories of the good old times raise the question as to
why the Lounge has not been open for general use
this year.

The facilities the Lounge offered are missed, to say
the lcnst. The Commons has offered :1 place of.‘ recren-
tion for runny, but to others the ping-pong table, col-

 

lcgo gossip, and cigarette smoke offer nothing appealing,
and for those “banished” people, the Lounge had been
their sole haven for a place to converse or rest.

Frozen assets nid no one until liquidated. Couldn’t
a little heat be applied to this frozen locki’

SPEECHES AND US

'l‘hroughout the nation today and Monday colleges
will bc conducting programs on peace, preparedness,
and security, cnch in a different vein as the interest
and opinions of the 'urious sections are uircd. Student
bodies no different than ours will be indoctrinath by
speakers who believe the country should follow this
or thnt course, and that any deviating from the path is
on the wrong side of the fence.

Too many of today’s orni'ions will be on the horror
nnd uselcssucss of war instlud of on the more vital
point of how to stay out of war. We believe that. every
thinking student is opposed to war as an institution
uud would much rather know the keys to the solution
of keeping away from any war mess that political
situations and intrigucs mny bring. l'huphusis on the
future outweighs any rcmiuisccnccs of past for a group
of the generation on whmu the “dirty” side of the
deal would full if it came.

 

BOOKS: A Novel Relating
Human Horror in War.

 

 

G.M.U.
(For Sale in (he (Io-op)

Paths of Glory, by llumphrcy ('obb. The Viking
l’rcss, New York, 1935. $2.50. 265 pugcs.

Something different to rend—«on the battlefront from
morning until night, duy in and day out—that is what
you may expect in this novel by llumphrcy (,‘obb, u
gcntlcmnn now in his thirtics who wont to the front
in the (ii-cut \\'ur with .‘I (,‘nuudiuu rcgimcnt. Although
the chuructcrs, units, and piuccs nn'utioucd in the book
:irc fictitious, (‘obh puts lit’c and death into them from
rcnl cxpcricucc. And thc qucstiou “Did such things
ronlly hnppcu.”’ can bc nuswcrcd with in sympathetic
und horrible ‘ycs’.

if any one cvcr culisis voluntarily for n wnr ni’icr
rcnding this novcl, it will bc i grcui surprise to cvcry
Ullwi' rcudcr. The book may bc supprcsscd by govcrn»
mcuts moving toward wnr, yci it should bc priutcd and
road in every schoolhousc. As nuii wnr propngundn, it
will rntc high. Books huvc bccn \vrillcu nboui ihc
horrors of wur, the glory ol' \vnl', lhc miliiurislu of \\':Ir,
yet this story concerns itsclf mcrcly with n l"rcnch
rcgimcut and thc trying circumstances of in few in pnr
liculnr. 5y shccr force of its truthfulness, its indi
vidunl touch on humnu cmoiious, its Hli‘illth'orwurd
nnrruiion, its cll'cctivc rcslruiui i'rom mcrc fiction, und
its luck of lili‘ltlill'ililllt‘ cll'ccls, “ l‘uths ol’ Glory” ranks
among thc first of grout books ol' the wnr.

('obb brings up n purnllcl to tho llrcyl'us cusc in
which n quici litllc .icwish otliccr culiscd thc world in
so ring for yours with his numc, lhnt ministry ul'lcr
ministry l'I-ll nnd wnr loomcd bccnusc of him, or thnl
lln- wholc ol' l"rnncc nus kcpt in in constant slnlc of dis
iurbnncc ovcr him and his i'ulc.

ln uuoihcr scclion lhc uulhur sliou's llu- ciuoliouul
nnd i'rcuzicd stoic of tho soldicrs nl’icr lhc cnpiuin hos
just nnuounccd thc rcccipl of ordcrs culling for ihc
:irrcsl of ouc mun for couurdicc to bc couri Iunrshulcd.
Him-c no onc luul bccn uccuscd of cownrdicc in lhc
rcgimcnt, lots wcrc drnwn und thc unlucky ouc would
Ilic. “Mnrricd mcu should bc l-Xcmpt mcn with
mothcrs . . . or sisicrs my ihrcc brolhcrs
ban nlrI-ndy bccu kilch l was no coward .
l hnvc four childrcn 'l'hcrc \vcrc uu cownrds.”

’l‘hcrc wcrc hcrocs . dccimuicd, wcnry, sh-cp
loss, und shcll-shocluul, lhcy \vcrc iinnlly rclicvcd, whni
wns loft ol’ them, For thirty six hours thcy submit
to n dcvusiniing cnmuy hurussing tiro. 'l‘hc ground
uround lhcm is covorcd with tho corpscs ol’ thcir com
rudcs who hnvc i’ullcn in thc provious utlucks. 'l‘ho
uir is hcnvy with tho stench of donih nud noisy with
ihc sound of death. Zoro hour . . burrugo opcns,
countor burrngc, innchiuo gun liro , , , No “luu’u
lund . , . trncenough.

The opening pages are shocking to tho uvcrngo rondcr,
ycl. the power of sim )licify and tho nbsoncc from tho
usual nuthor’s experiences sweep the render along
irrcsistibly through the terrible cvcnts, . . , ’l‘ho
conclusion-~-barring no horrorwis terriﬁc.

 

STATE’S STAGE

 

STATESMAN

 

 

 

 

The initial presentation of the Ad—
vanced Dramatics class played to a.
lurge house Thursday night in spite
of the attractions of.‘ outside festiv-
ities. The first play fell a little llni
through no fault of Mr. Gleason, who
undoubtedly is the most. sincere por-
t'nycr of bucolic rides in the college.
“is character was real, his dialect
consistent and not too difﬁcult. to un-
(lcrstund. in sharp contrast to Mr.
Glcuson’s fine work as the stubborn,
ignorant, at times humorous “Luke”,
Mr. Dittman was unbcnding nudstolid
in a role that shrieked for a touch of
dry humor. His voice was often in
audible, due to his habit of speaking
with little or no movement of the
lower jaw. This interpretation of
“Jim Dunne” is partly the direc-
tor’s fault, as is the lack of real
interplay of speech and action be-
tween the two men. Cues were slow;
the dramatic punch was missing in
the climax. It seems to us that a
little more drill in rehearsal might
have benefited the play. There was
it ccrtnin indecision of action and
chnruclor that mcant plniuly not
enough drill work. We are sure that
the audience, which has seen many of
the plays in the past, will remember
Iongcst the very effective use of tho
cycioruma to make the stage smaller.
The lighting was nlso in the mood of
the play, and consistent with the set»
ting and props.

The second play, written by a mem-
ber of last year’s pluywritiug course,
was in no way unusual. 'l‘hc Bollo-
minn touch, if sometimes absent from
the actors, was very decidedly indi-
cated by the presence of a studio
couch, strewn with illnssortcd pile
lows; a grand piano; modcruistic
furniture; and large bows on the cur-
tnins. Congratulations to the props
conunittccl Miss Meury and Mr.
lionchuc share acting honors. Vincc
is ut his best in a role like this. lie
is not afraid of ovcr-ucting as are
so many amateurs. lictty wns sulli-
ciontly frivolous and blush. She
should strive to keep her voice in its
lowcr pitch. Miss Lu Gruu’s costume
was delightfully bizarre, hcr nrtisiic
icmpcriuucnt wcll shown by flushing
cycs nud (‘th'lthlgillll gestures. Mr.
liills gnvc on adequate pcl'foruulncc,
but hardly secmcd the artist in spitc
of his opcn colln' nud Americuuizcd
“Mon Dion’s”. Mr. Walker wns
most iuci'l'cctunl at the piano. llis
suddcu inspirations were not cnrricd
out with tho gusto uud tincssc onc
would cspcct. llis playing wns spas
modic and so rcst'uiucd thut wc, ut
lcust, wcrc praying for n hourly
thump that would rattle the kcybonrd.
Mr. Mol'ozc read his lines in his uc-
customcd wuy,and immcdintcly Iupsml
out of churnctcr. The play wns di~
rcclcd with the uccdcd insight into
tho cxnggcrniion nud ovcr-cmplmsis
ucccssury lo furcc. Miss Mcury did
two jobs, and both wcrc good. it ‘
our bclicf thut it wns thc ncling ihui
mudc ilu- pluy so cnjoynblc. 'l'hc clnss
hns mndc :1 good bcgiuuing: wc urc
cxpcctiug u couliuuniion of pit-using
'l'ucsdny (or 'l‘hnrsdny) uighl cutcr
tuiuulcill.

'l‘hc plnys on 'l‘ucsduy night gnvc
:1 good coutrust bclwccu worthwhile
uud worihlcss plnys. 'l‘hc first wus
u simplc, Innucy uuinbcr, probnhly
lhc dcplh iu choicc of plny lhui will
bc rcnchcd this scusou. 'l'o put on u
pluy ol' that typc without bringing
it up to dnlc rcminds ouc ol' lhc
l-Ipworth Longuc putting on n plny
lo gct funds to point ihc church.
[is poicniiulilics ns innocuous cuicr
luiuuu-ni urc pussnblc, but with point
ll'r-s, Im-uniuglcss dircciiou ii wus u
complcic i’uilurc us on nrlislic \‘cll
iurc.

Miss tilson nus hcr usunl sinrcrc
will: .\lisscs Himlclmkcr nud Hnydcr,
\\iih .\ll'n\l'\, Johnson :Iud I'Idgc dixl
uol cndungci' lln' ioiul I'll'cci of Mir
plnll. llo\\c\‘cr, Miss llnuicls shout-ll
plomisc, :llltl Mr, Hiiugcr susiuinc-l
llu- onc good monu-ut his chnrucli-r
hurl.

ln Ibc sccond play, which rcnlly
Iucrits scrious criticism, Mr. Norton
plnycd uiih symputhv nnd i'cl-Iing
i|u~ ingrnlinling churucicr of tho old
mun, in spiiu- of “lo i'ncl that in in
tow minor instnuccs his own coulhlcni
pcrsonnlity brokc through .'\Ir, hr
ric'u drumuiul'gy. ’l‘hc oihcrs worc
us puppcis uround him, csccpt for
the youthful Miss Allard, who had
momonis ol' lil'c. 'l‘ho cxoiic Miss
\\’hculon wus thrown for n loss, l\‘|r.
llcnsmorc i’umblcd, Mr. liills lost
fch yards on in double rovcrnu.

'l‘horc was it scrious ntlcmpl nl cx-
prossionistic lighting and soiling;
but the variety of light coul’unod
ruthcr than holpcd in prcscniing thc

 

idca ol' n dream world. lint Mr.

 

Hop and house dances saw a lot of
queer arrangements . . . back to the
knights of old with Launcelot and
Elaine. . . . We don’t ‘Vonne’der
McGraw made good. . . . Ebers must
have rand the wrong way . . . and
the ‘mascot’ makes a shift im-
promptu-like . . . apologies to our
scx . . . but; maybe women aren’t the
only ones who change their minds
(i.c., alumni) . . . it takes vnll(i)uncc
to entertain these freshmen . . . too
had Skidmore scheduled a tea dance
as a precursor to ye co-eds house
dances . . . the triumviratc of play
boys miscalculated their staying pow-
ers . . . and did the telephones ring

. . no explanations necessary . . .
is it normn(l) to go in for ornithol-
ogy . . . apologies to ye l-[nilowe’en
revelers . . . but reports have it that
bruno richard hardmeyer was at work
. . . furniture jostlers, plumbing in~
spcctors, firemen, and so on . . . Ohl
well, name it and we can do it . . .
your guess is as good as mine, did
the earthquake or not? We’ve heard
some good Stories (information fur-
nished on request, address mc) . . .
newspapers report record sale on bird
pictures . . . old man Carnegie picks
’cm pretty nice . . . we nbculc to
your scuse of ’onor . . pennies to
nickels t0 ()ckcy’s . it’s it great
ruckct, too bud we didn’t think of
it . . . spirits not in bottles, but the
shades were down and the atmosphere
were (2’) on Madison uvcuuc the other
night. . . . the him has been pinned

. what next? Nothiu ends nothin.

THE MAN OF STATIC

Student Christian
Movement Meets
To Plan Program

The Student Council of the Now
York State Student Christinu mch-
mcnt conducted its annual fall busi-
ness meeting :it the Happy Valley
inn, Lislc, New York, during the
past week-end. anuclinc Burns, ’36,
president of the College Young"
Women’s Christiun association, and
smoothly of the slate movcmcul, nud
Virginiu Stool, ’37, :ubiuct mcmbcr,
rcprcscntcd Stale collch at the con-
fcrcncc.

l'lil'cciivc prog'nms on the vnrious
'umpuscs of thc stoic wcrc discusscd,
with emphasis on corrclnliou of
prcscut-duy conditions and simlcut
opinion. Reports of standing com-
mittccs wcrc given. The council dc-
cidcd that the spring meeting would
be hcld ut Lisle on May 2 and ii, in
combinutiou with the annual cubiuct-
lrnining wcck-cud.

’l‘hc stnio conference of thc movc-
mcul, to bc hold in the full of liiilti,
will be :it Schcucctudy. Plans are
not complctcd with rcgurd to spcnkcrs
and topic.

liclcgntcs and faculty lcndcrs t'rom
l\'cuku collcgc, (lorucll univcrsiiy,
liocln'slcl' univcrsity, Cortland normul
school, :iud Sinl'c collcgc \vcl'c prcscul.

 

 

'COMMUNICATIONS

l‘ldilor H'r.\'rI-: (‘oI.I,c:u|«: Nun's:

in only ouc wny run I sny ihul
iimc is l’orgolicu in colic-go. in this
cusc it huppcns to bc in luck of tinn-
picccs. l“ul' iusluncc, in llrupcr hnll.
u building of four siorics, lhcrc is
truly llill' clockI thc tilll‘ in line
llotuudn.

l In-licvc that thc plncing ol' thrcc
clocks, onc by thc siudcnl mnilbox
in lirnpcr hull, onc in thc t‘ouuuoiIH
in llunlcy bull, nud ouc in tho illlill‘.\'
of llnslcd hull would lw zlppl‘i'clult‘tl
by Incmbcrs ol' lln- l'ucully us wcll nu
Ihc siudculs.

.\lnnlv n uliuulc is wustcd by will
«lcnis bcczinsc [boy do not know iln'
llilil‘. Also, luicconu-is to clnss giic
ihc sumo I‘cusnu. llcsidcs iucrcusing
iln- cllicicncy ol’ Hlllilt‘lllh, clocks liHll’
nllv bcnuiil'v u bnrc null.

' .\ snxnm

 

Novclnbcr l, lililﬁ.

TO POSTPONE MEETING

Luthcrun club will postponc its
rcgulur \\cdncoduy lucciing ouc wcck
to Novclnln-r L’tl, “wording to iilclln
l'ngcrcr, ’llti, prcsidcut.

Norton wns ubovo such minor dcli—
cioucics.

'l‘ho l’luygocr urgos tho Advunccd
llrumutics cluss to rehearse more coni—
plclcly nnd curcfully ousiugc with
nctunl props and sets; nnd wondcrs,
too, if tho Hiugncrnt’t cluss is Work-
ing at its full crumcitios, crcuiivcly
nnd lochnicully. it doesn’t sccm so,
us yet. —PLAYGOER

 

 

., A ~.; -
g r ’ p

THE UMPIRB MISSED THIS om: . 1 But the camera sun. at;  tackle
and the bit of incidental handwork, by California‘s Perry Thomas (46), when the
Bears defeated St. Mary's.

DUDE RANCHING is the newest course in the University of Wyoming curriculum
and J. R. Cole and E. E. LeVasseur were the first two students to enroll.

IT MAY NOT TAKE ALL of Oma Conrad 's goo pounds
to blow the piccolo, but he uses his excess energy as
manager of Southern California's 18opieee band.

DEAN OF WOMEN AT 25 v « Mabel C. Mannie,
Marquette University's new head of the women's

division, probably is the youngest dean of women in active

service at the present time. She is a Marquette alumna.

 

 YR P0 AND 15M. 3. «you-u ,
 fail the new count in the ﬁne arts of cookie v bein
’ ;_ t; by  Aime Patron at a leading New Y hots.

