 

5,... spmumTTER - - -

gm

.

Son of 4 Montana circuit courtjudge who bad owned and lost a cattle rant/J, Frank]. Coo er
went to Grinnell to become an artist. An early tastefor tbe companionship of bones, Martian are
like bimsel , defeated this aim. Hence, ironically, be is now a talkie star, newly married to Ver-
onica Ba! e, Sandra Shaw 0] a brie/film career, am! he is to be seen hex! in "New Divorce," 4

title not of his choosing.

lN SEPTEMBER, 1922, Frank J. Cooper of
Helena, Montana, a lad possessing over six feet
of taut race, enrolled at Grinnell College in
Iowa. . complete greenhorn, he signed up to
take Greek and Spanish the same semester, se-
cured a meal job at the Poweshiek Cafe, and
started 'to ursue a college career of tenacious
silence antfreserve that was broken only at the
insistence of his classmates who, learning he was
a western horseman, made him play a frisky
maverick from time to time.

n one of these occasions he decked himself

in d ten-gallcn-rstctson and-led—vdwe»\wck¢\i Itw

parade on horseback, his plainsman yells givin
new flavor to the a air. On another he blacked
up as a Numidian. uard and stood outside of the
Egyptian temple ack round erected for the
senior banquet, but all these ap earances he
made under protest. He preferre to remain in
his room to fret over Spanish and Greek, a com-
bination that confounded him mightily.

NOW irrevocably called Cowboy Cooper, he
failed in his sophomore ear to make the cast of
O'Neill's Beyond the lilorizon, led a student
raid on a five-gallon can of apple cider he had
himself, as Saturday handy-man, pressed out for
Prof. H. W. Tatlock's Halloween party, and

was chosen art editor of the yearbook Cyclone.
On election to Chrestomathia Lit a clu with the
motto "Society That Develops en," Cowboy
Cooper fell in love with a campus vocalist for
whose company there was much competition, all
of which the taciturn sophomore completely
eliminated. When he proposed marriage, she
sent him west to find a lo . '

In the course of seriously preparing to return
to her like Lochinvar, he drew cartoons a year
for a Helena neWspaper, then hastened to Holly-
wood where, he had heard, he could make

a-‘snsoo-a-doyndmi in‘hoise‘operasﬁTN'é—eaing an
inexpensive, untal ative cowboy for Winning of
Barbara Worth, Sam Goldwyn sin led Cooper
out from a posse of cowhands. he cameras
showed Gary to be Owen Wister's Virginian
come to life.

HE MET Clara Bow in Wings, and the college
romance disap eared in the resultant electricity.
After Farewe/ to Arms, critics began to write
about Cooper as an actor.

In 1931 Gary paid the way of a Montana
student through Grinnell. in 1929 he returned to
the campus to stammer through a flashy Home-
coming celebration that conferred on him a
bewildering burst of glory.

DID YOUR CAMPUS produce a personality who is now prominent in the radio. motion picture. stage, art. business.
0‘. wink“ wmld? If you want to see that personality the subject of a “S tlighter“ thumbnail sketch, write The
Spotlight“, Collegiate Digest. P. O. Box 472, Madison. Wis. One dollar wi be paid for each acceptable picture sub-

mine

in addition to one dollar for acceptable authentic anecdotes about the famed of today.

From Horse Op ras to Stardom

Harvard pranksters protest the anti-war walkout.

University of Chicago
anti-peace enthusiasts
mass to egg the anti-
war paraders.

\. ,ug .

Western Reserve Seam-makers
cheer an address by swald Gar-
rison Vlllar .

John Roonvelt, ‘youngest son of President, Eoseph lmpara leads Univer ialof Iowa's

laughs at awar

protestors.

eague or the Promotion 0 ar.

 

 

 

@ollmiate Eigest ,

‘-SECTION

“National Collegiate News in Picture and Paragraph"

u. r. TnAucMAnx SLRIAL NUMECH tum

L.

SPEED AND RUGGED-
are required of the
expert lacrosse player, as
these Navy varsity candi-
dates will tell you after
their first workout.
INTERNATIONAL PHOTO

 HERO a Jack Beynon is captain of the Universi‘y of
InOiS( ampalgn)footballteamandamostpopularlllinistudent.
V Faun. sroue-navmon more

4

ESLIIEE’S KEk/LY, SL'l‘DE" ﬂ“ ' t - p, ' ' 'J ‘ . e
hiosdcT ep oung 5 °W5 FIGHTING FOR AN EDUCATlON n One thousand State Teachers College

emple University - - -
gphildde'phidf) Inine the (Memphis, Tenn.) students protest legislative proposal to close five state schools.
ine points 0 siding into ‘ .
third base. %‘
INTERNATIONAL mom / l

,7

o . 
[a . p.
v

.—
r, it
‘~

.

,.
n41

ANYTHING GOES when you start goalwaid in
-rugby, a: this action Photo oi the Long Island Uni-

versity (N. Y.) team lh action proves.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

