IT'S A CIRCUS n ihat's what these students in the Moscow
Circus School (Russia) say about t eir classes in tight-rope

walking. The state pays for this training, too.
soveoro

r.

GAS MASKS AND WET HANDKERCHIEFS were added to the
classroom equrpment at reighton University ( maha, Neb.) during
the recent midwestern dust storms. Here is a well-protected co-e
sdmrnistering first aid to a not so lortunalely equipped classmate.

HIS HIGHNESS, Drum Major Geo
Neblett, University ol Mississippi, elem»
onstrates the correct aloolness lor a sue

cesslul marching maestro.
Left

V ‘ .

l ‘ n o o '
be ab ut Frances Louise McGee beirig
_ Borsular woman at the '
versity of e aware (NewarkR, for she“.

also president of the senior c ass.

the most

AND it wasn't just skulldu geryj either, Dr.
n

. insdale 84-year-o d iversit 0
Michigan Ann Arbor) archeologist, wrlly tell
you when e starts to talk about the mysterious
perforated Indian skulls which were recently unearthed in a
prehistoric lndian burying ground near Flat Rock, Michigan.

in tact, Dr Hinsdale believes th I ‘

_. at some anCIent su erstilion
vgas responstble lor the perforations, and he is convlh’ced that
t ey were made alter death as, in no case, is there t e slightest
bit of evtdence oi healing

Despite the lac! that the skulls a ‘

I . re usually the more Interestin
to tlLe layman, Dr. ll'li‘nsdale puts in his vote lor the perlorate
I(e5 ones. No definite. reason for the boring oi these holes is
v‘i;iol'\:/n‘,rl:iut one tﬂeorlykrs ghaltlthe csilkeietons, or portions thereof,

e sungoge erie osan usedlor a' "
purposes at ceremoniais. m Slcal or rallglous

The perforations lound in the Mlchi an skulls
confused with the trephined skulls olteg found amddhggfltrtziebrll
remains.” The practice of trephining consisted in removing a
disc or button from a bone, leaving a hole the shape of the
lece removed, while the skulls and bones being studied b
r. Hinsdale have round holes that were undoubtedly bored 0);
drilled. Trephinin was racticed in ancient surgical and reli
ious rites, and per orme on living persons. 8.

llrymrlllu ’l'u .

. FREDERICK HEATH—MEDICAL. Heath says: “I’m in ﬁrst year
of medical school now, with the idea of specializing in neuro-surgery.
Anatomy 'lab' takes three afternoons a week. Tuesdays and Thursdays—
embryology. I spend three mornings a week on bio-chemistry, three on
physiology 'lab' and lectures. And I have to face an exam in about one
subject per week. I relieve the strain by smoking Camels. I prefer Camels,
because when I'm feeling tired or distracted they unlock my supply of

energy—soon refresh me. Camels are extremely mild. Nor just mild-

tasting, but really mild. They never tire my taste or get on my nerves.
Camels taste so good 'I'd walk a mile for a Camell'”

“Camels are made from finer,
MORE EXPENSIVE TOBACCOS - Turkish and

Domestlc -
(Slinod)

'; CAMEL’S cosrum TOBAccos ,

 ,- ’ 'NE'VE-ReEtONYO-“R. INI-ERYESII,

than any other popular brand."

R. l. REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPANY
WlnstonJSalom. N. C.

IOCIAL LIIDII. "The min-
ute l begin to feel tlred. l
map and smoke I Camel." any:
Mrs. Ludlow Whitaker Stevens,
of New York. "Fatigue dilap-
pcure. It'e remnrkable the way
Cnmele renew your enemy."

STAR Prrcun. "I like
Camels, and I've found that alter
a hard game a Camel helps me
to get. back my enemy." Inyl
Cnrlﬂubbell, star pitcher of the
N.Y.Glente. "Camels are so mild
they never rutlle my nervee.”

 

