"“ﬁaﬁif'wv-vc-VIFRL'FuW- . rs» <

STATE COLLEGE NE\VS. MAY 16, 1935

State College News

Esmbllaln‘l by the Class of 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State College (or Teacher:

THE NEWS BOARD
Editors-in-Chief

DAN VAN LEUVAN

Ru-ru E. WILLIAMS
117 South Lake Avenue. 2-4314

650 Madlaan Avenue. 2-3206
Associate Managing Editors
EMMA A. Romans KAiu. D. EIlEl'tS
680 Mudlaon Avanun. 2-3200 11’] South Lake Avenue. 2-4314
Circulation Manager

MILDRED FACi-zn
536 Mercer street. 2-8538

Finance Manager
CAROLYN Sworn-:7
21 North Main Avenue. 2-4144

Advertising Manager
WILLIAM M. DAVIDGE
B Bprlgua Place

Sports Editor

FRANK J. HAimiiizvi-ui
56 Bertha Street. 3-1896

Feature Editor
GLENN M. Unocami
413 \Vauliiugtoii Avenue 5-1847

SOI'IIOMORE DESK Eni'rons

Belly Goodiug
Robert Margimn

Harry Gumner

Fred Du." Virginia Stool

 

Motinudnaiigietc ﬁnes
aw“ William I935 ‘—
w W

Published every Friday in the college year by the Editorial Board representing
the Student Association. Subscriptions, $2.23 per year, single copies. ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as second class matter at post-
oﬁ'ice. Albany. N. Y.

The News does not necessarily endorse sentiments expressed in contributions.
No communications will be printed unless the writers‘ names are left With the vEdl-
tor-in-Chiei oi the NEWS. Anonymity will be preserved if so destrcd. The News
does not guarantee to print any or all communications. 7

PRINTED xiv Four OiiANoc Pin-:55. Inc. Aannv. N. Y.

Albany. N. Y.

 

Vol. XIX. No. 24 MAY to. 1935

THE “NEWS” CARRIES ON

" - lzs stor' has bccn written. the last page set up. and the last issue .15 now
a  titlbistoi'yr—the history of studcut journalism at State college. With this
issue the 1‘) HS Nicws board and stalT relinquishes its grip upon the pan and
passes on its “nose for news” to the incoming b ird and staff. I

Many changes havu bccu necessitated and madc in the NEWS Since the lirst
volume was published. The year just closmg has brought about several decided
changes. At the beginning ol thc lirst semester the lioard carried out the policy
of publishing the issncs wcckly. but the tmauc ' were so curtailed due to the
reduced budget that some action had to bc lllkclll iii order to meet the crisis.
Publication of the ﬂaws every other week met With much disfavnr among both
faculty members aml students. It was tbcn that the lloard decided to reduce the
siv- ol' the i\' .ws to its prcsciit form. Seemingly this may have been a retro-

ou. but wc do not consider it as such. Althouin the quantity was reduced.
the slalT stride to maintain the quality. and we hope that we succeeded.

This issue is the twcuty-iourlh to be published this year. There will be one
more before volume 1‘) is placed among the. annals The budget. although cut

. .
News Organization
‘ 7 9
Rewsed for 35- 36;
.

Nine Are on Board
(Czllllilllli'll from [nu/c 1. column 4)
associate hiisiiicss managers. Carolin
Simoucl. ’36. ill serve as business man-
agcr and Laurita Scld and John Dciio.
sophomores. will : sist as associate bum-
ncss managers. I

Members of the incoming Board will
receive the gold kcy awards at the Mov-
ing-up day ccrcmonics tomorrow morn-
ing. The awards will be presented by
Dr. A. R. lrnbaclicr. president of tlic

abcth Goodiiig and Robert Margi-
snphonaircs. will continue as desk

‘ for the remainder of the year.
department
1' ors.
will thus consist of

the following:

Rosella Agostinc. l'hyllis llo. Lorctta
. lliilila i'n. Riilh
Evans. Ruth Gillcspie.
.\lary lliid \uhrcy '

l\n|-
cl \Voodriill juniors. and Helen

Ilarlt. I". icth llrrr. Mary
it nor Smallcy. aiul I’liyllis

ini. iry 'u .
Veriiiilyc. sophomores.

Forty-two ircshmcn "cubs" are pro-
Inotcd to the editoral stall as reporters.
'l'bcsc ircshincn cnrollcd with the Ni- .
nil Activitics day in September and since
have been attcnding ('1' 'cs where they
have lcarucd the lmalainciitals oi jour-
nalism. 'l‘bosc promoted are

I ibcl Daviilgc and juai ( l'iu, sophw

.-\pplcloorn. Rosa llcrkowitz.

\\'ili'ini llr. t. Anuc llnrr.

' i lcniiis. Kathryn

D .\lvi-na llclmng. \\’ar-
Anloiui-llc Ilon Vito.

l-Idgcnmbc. Ruth liro l-lea

(toldbcrg. All'rl’li'llli Gould.

l'hyllis Jobsun. Rose Rurk~

Iiihmaii. Jcan l.lcbcustciii.
' .\lcl‘luug. I'

' 'l'lu-

tiil

Marjorii- Jo .
liill. (‘harlolli-
,loscpliinc Mauricc.
.\losbci' Rlllh Alllllt'l
llorothy Rn ~
‘chmid. I I . '. Martha Slim-by.
ri. Riiili 'I‘lioiunson.
Vic. Sophie \\’o-

ARE C0-CAPTAINS
Edward Reynolds, ’38. and William
Fullagar. '3! were clcclcd co-capt" '
of the “ -couutry tcam for next year,
as a result of elections conducted this
\\'t k by this y 'ar‘. lcttcrnicu.

 

 

Annual Moving-up
Ceremonies To Be
Week-end Highlight

((‘oliliniii'd from [nu/c 1. column ll

'I‘hc ceremonies in the auditorium will
begin with thc singing of tlic Alma
Mater. led by (icrtrtidc Morgan. 'lS.
lcadci'. The four

college I
Dittnian. 'db’.

speaker

the student body.

The presentation of
will follow the speech
Nelson. dean. will .1
members of Siguiim Laudi
C. Bryant. instructor in
present the dchatc lrc's.
members ‘ tl ’
given by h . . ' l’irnbaclu-r. prcsi-
dcnt. Mr. ‘iryaut will also award llll'
Linn keys and Mr. Louis Joiics. iii-
structor in English. the Ifi‘liu k .

Among other announcements arc the
[Echo pri7 s or literary t‘tlllllllh'lliinh.
thc l’ottcr chili award to tbc man who
has done most for Stale. thc ollicials for
it t 3 Young \Vomcu's Christian
Association and lllc (iirls' Athlctic asso—
ciation. and thc Iiicuibcrs of thc honor
coitiicil of thc lattci‘ organization.

li’rcccding thc moving—up cci'i-nionv.
the senior cla will sing it»; izircivcll
song. "We. ‘35. Salute You"

Directly : "tor the cl '5 have niovi-d
up. the prcsciit .\Iys at will tap its
successors Announccnicnt oi rcsults of
student : clcctions will mn—
cliidc the ' auditorium.

The four cl ~ hcadcd by lllt' old
and ncw .\l_ iiua. will then lilc out
on the campus tor the traditional planting
of the ivy and the formation oi' class
mmicri s.

'l‘hc freshman-stiphiimorc ilcbatc con-
tcst carrying two and .'l bali rivalry
points. will bcgin in thc aiti-rnoou at
3:15 o'clock in the l’agc hall auditorium.
,, s stunts will follow.

'I ic slop-sing will open tbc crcning‘
activities at 7:.ill o'clock in lllt' court of
lli'apcr hall. Announcement of lllt' win—
Iii-rs of thc pi'izc song. pi'izc stunts ’md
gaincs will bi: made during tbi: cvcmiiii.
and the iutcr-class rivalry cup will b.-
_aw:u'dcd to the winning class. 'l'hc si-u-
Inc and junior stcp songs, "Great Fin-s."
and llu- rccc ‘ of the seniors will

I

v and prith
’. Milton li
keys to

Mr. Donald
glisli. will
The keys for
board will lu'

Sophomores Regain

 

to approxiumtcly 57 pcr ccnl of its original . /.c. has been worked over and made
sulTicicnt. Vilb the new plan for stiidciit tax collections and the cllictcncy of the
leaders who will determine the policies of the NEWS next year. the present lloard
feels that. in moving out. it is lcaving tbc ti'aiitious oi the NEWS iii worthy
hands for the promotion of all that tlic NI-zws stands for. “to bc the mirror oi‘Statc
collcgc liic cvcr rcllccting truc scutinicnt. rcgardlcss in bias and lll‘t'JlilJlt'i': w

\\"l lA’l‘ [S “.\l( )\"l Nt LUI‘?"

’l'oinorrow morning. tlu- traditions of moving-up will again be i'c-cuactcd. 'l‘bc
verdant lrosb will liccnmc lhc dillclantc sophomore; llic sophomores will lind
psych (not of the l'aintci' varicty. though); the juniors will lllt't'l .\lllllvﬂilllll
conquer or bc conmicrcd.

In addition. olliccrs of cialions, publication hoards. student council. will llt'
announced to the loudly .uitl sludcnts. ’l'ln: WAS Mysk iia will tap tbcir suc-
ccssoi's and once again we shall all lch tbc poignant rcalitics ol 'l‘ciniysou‘s
an-ipiotcd: “The Old (b'dcr t'liangctb. \'icldiug l’lacc to New."

This ll‘lt)\’lllﬂ'llll"~\\'lllll is il? Aitcr lour ycars. it is still too soon to allcmpt
:i deﬁnition or an auswcr. 'l‘bci'c can be lull :m intcrpic .iliou~as it comes to us:
"We lisp iii nninbi-rs

For lllt! numbers come."

In past ycars. we have deplored the incl that the utter signiﬁcance of moving-up
day has been sul c cd to the tapping of a new Myskania. The whole spectacle.
it seemed to us. cculcrcd around tlu- fact that clcvcn. twclvc. or lhirlccu juniors
wcrc tapped to thc scnior society. ’I‘u bc chosen to Myskania is a great honor.
one of thc grcalcsl which Stali- collcgc can bestow. We do not dispute this senti-
mcnt. We do. howcvcr. lci-l that lbc should be a greater. more-inclusive mean-
ing to thc moving-up. It should inspire all to grcater heights. rcncwi-d clTorts.
greater rcsprct for Stale’collcgc. bcr traditions. customs. orgnnizations,—Collcgc of
the l‘huplrc Slate. "Saint-min Non Siia. Scd Doccndi Canard—ii brave resolve.
:i strong piirposc.——survicc to our Alma Mater,

1). V. L.

tci'iniii. c the z

Raliirﬁeaéi

As Classes Await Close Of Contest

:\ light to thc linisb»—tbc li'cshmcu
wcrc Ii-adiiig right ‘I Id one half points
to fly in sophoinorc Iisbman intcr-cl
rivalry—~1bcn along came the '37 um. ot,
to gain livc points for lhc red and whllc
by hiding in the alillml invisible ca ' *‘
lit-twccn thc coiling oi the gymuas iin
and thc door of the auditorium oi Pagc
hall for scvcn loi 'l 's and nights. Now
lhc sophomore i Icads ten to cight
and one liali’ points. 'I'wclvc and one
ball points rci mi in tlic oiling in thi-
iic cvciils schcdnlcd for tonight :iiid
tomorrow. lic 'dcs the ﬁvc points award-
cd to each ( s rctaining its class banncr
until midnight tonight.

At midnight last Saturday. Myskauia.
supervising tlic mascot limit. declared the
hunt iilliclally cudcd and :allcd upon the
sophomore coniuiillcc. Robert Margisou.
William Mctiraw. and William Young.
to I‘t’ll'lL'VL' the ol in accordance with
rivalry rules. Maigisnu. in spite oi his
formal iitlirc. was the only one alilc to
crawl under the numerous vcutilators,
penetrate the. depths of the cavcrns and
ﬁnally rcacli a wire connected to the
mascot wrapped in canvan from the
blackness of the crevices.

‘No great odds were offered on the
rivalry outcome as the News went to

I.

 

prcss.

allbough tlic stilllltlllltlrl'i wi-rv-
avorcd slightly bi-caiisc of cxpcricncc
and a narrow margin over the blur and
white. A rcvicw oi lllt: coursc of t‘\'t‘lll
shows that lbc lrcsbniaii womcn won thi
pulshball l'tllllL‘hl nctling two aiul oni- half
points. lloth lhc lllL'lll-i and woman“

i. (clbiill teams of thc class of l'l.i‘i
rcccivcil lhrcc points for thcir \’ll‘llll'l\"~-
'Ihc. soplioiiiorcs wci'c crcdili'd with two
and Hill“ hall points for winning the mcu'w
pns‘hball cuntcst and tho sing.

Four ye'u‘s have passed in- a ll'Cs’ll-
man c *s‘s ias \von ilii- ' s‘s i'i\.i i}.
Ir. 1 s of 19.5.5 cngi'avcd l|<
uamc on 5 car trophy ciip. 'l‘hii

Hilary was llic third soc, l\' insh-
man victory. the l‘ltisst's of WM and
19.12, having trinmphcd iivcr tliclr sopbw
more opponents.

'l'onight the two classes will i'csuml‘
active rivalry in the men's pnslihzill crui-
tcst and the women's track cvciils. Curl!
victory will act the wiuucr two points.
loniorrow the debate with two and (Illi‘
liall’ points and the stunt and sing with
three points each will conclude inter-
Claﬁs rivalry. Myskania will prcs-nt thi-

 

rivalry cup to the vlclnrious class tw
inorrow night after the sing.

STATE COLLEGE N EWS. MAY 16, 1935

 

State Nine Downs
Oswego ln Opener

John Cullen. '37, Pitches Entire
Game Which Brings State
Ragged 10-9 Victory

liuding a two-run rally by Oswch
Normal school in tbc ninth inning. Statc
squat-zed out a
ﬁrst baseball game oi the scason for thc
Purple and Hold. John t'ullcn. '.i7.
ioruicr Kingston high school star. pitchcd
the entire game. allowing the visitors
twclvc liils but struck out ten of the
opposing batters.

Aided by four ci-rors. ()swcgo took tlic
lrad cral limcs. oiily to lose it again.
The r itiirs scurcd lirst but cotild not
kccp tlicir lcad when. in thc fourth in-
ning. State. with the liclp iii two ci‘rors.
scored four runs. Cullcn weakcncil iii
the lilth and sixth lll pcrmit Oswcgo
to gain a (inc-run lcad. In the last hall
of the sixth. Statc clia -d two of the
Xiii'iiiiil school pitchcr and live Slate
playtis crosscd honii- plntc,

In the last inning. Martin. pinch-billing
ioi' Oswcgo, drove in one run. aml (‘loo—
nan. with his sccond hit of lllt -' ionu.
scored \Voodrnl'l‘. Kirkpatritt. the last
man tip. grounded to Cullen and was
thrown out at lirsl ll) ciiil thc gamc.

(icorgc Fiinic ’1" and Frank .\liiiisci.
stniors, each bit cly twicc. and (‘iilchL
Robert Riiieiibcr . and l\'cunclli Drakc.
c: 'iiu. also hit sii'dy onrc.

The line-up itll' .\tatc was l‘dllt‘ 2b:
Finnegan. . (.‘nllcn. p: Riiciibcr ':
Drake. 3b. .\myot. lb: Qiiiglcy. cf:
Murray. ri; Young, rt': Minisci. 1i.

State Netmen Bow
To Middlebury 8-1
.\liddlcbiii'y's highly ralcd tcniiis mn-
chinc swept through a Stalc tcaiu. \rcak
)_\' rcason oi insiillii‘icnl practicc. last
wcck. 8-1.

Fraternity To Mark

20th Anniversary .

tbc mcmbcrs of

Sunday altcrnoon
(iatiutia chaptcr of Kappa Dc '1 Rho will
observe the Zillli :iniiivcrs: ' of thc

)
founding of thc chaptci'. JUNE 10. .lUlS.

was lht- dati- oi lhc founding oi tl
chaplcr. but thc datc for tbc annivcrs
has bccn advanced so as not to ronllicl
withi ninations.

to 9 victory iii lllL‘.

State To Oppose
‘ Hartwick Saturday
At Ridgefield Park

.

1

5 ’l’lic l'urplc and (iold baseball team
iwill continue its scbcdulc Saturday ai—
lti-rnnun when it meets llartwick college
lat l-{idg‘clicld i'irk diamond. The game
‘ will bcgiii at 3:30 o'clock.

Coach Ilakcr has coiiductcd scvcral
strcnuous practices this week in an clTorl
to iron out sonic- oi the more outstanding
misplays oi ' \vcck's gainc. Several
Iii the players l ay he changed to other
‘po-eilions. l’atil Schmitz. '38. will "c
duty tilt the mound it an cinci'gcncy ai' ‘
in this \vccr's gamc.

Robert Ri Ull 'rick will be behind the
IllltlL' again. ‘ ild .'\lll_\'lll, George Fin-
iicgan. Dan Finch. aiul Kcnnctb Di'akc
will complch the iiiliclil. 'l‘bc outﬁeld
will be patrolled by ‘l k Minisci. Iiob
Murray. and Jim Quiglcy. William
Young and (it-urge liiisli may also see
scrvicc.

l'lai‘twick was dcicatcd by Oswcgn
Normal school (1—5 Friday at Onconla.

G. A. A.‘ Will Conduct

. .
Spring Award Dinner
The Girls" Atblctic association will
conduct it animal spring diniicr meet—
ing 'I‘ncsday night at the home of Miss
Johnston. instructor iii phy-
. l cdiicalion. If the wcalhcr is favor—
able. a cold supper will be served on
tho lawn. 'ltll l'lcitics. '35. will he
get! al chairman.

. wards for the season will be made
for participation iIi vollcy ball. liasc-
ball. tcnuis. swimming. riding. and the
Lotta linnltcrs cliih. In addition. those
who have complctcd the requirements for
four sports (hiring the ycar will rcccivc
awards for this honor.

The program invltidcs the installation
of ncxl y -ar's olliccrs. l)i'. Matic (irccn.
nisli'iictor in hygicnc. will speak at the
int-cling.

 

 

FRANK H.
EVORY & CO.

General Printers

“ .\S
! 36-38 BEAVER STREET
1

91 Steps East of Pearl Street

 

 

back next

Then: ipoclal school and collage roll
llclieli,wllh lhelr llborol extended ro<
lurnllmlts,aruImmenselypopulurwllh
and a grant lovlna to students and
laochers. When you're ready lo coma
back next Fall, buy one and love a
third of the regular two-way lore.

 

When you come

“0 "6°
‘

ASSOCIATED EASTERN RAILROADS

\‘EGE SPECIAL 11

When Chrlslmus Holiday: come, you
can um the return coupon to lroyel
home again.

The llclial agent In your own town,
or any rollrcud passenger repre-
Ientollva can glvo you full detolll
ragardlng return llmlts, Ilopvovar
prlvllagei. prlcoi. etc.

 

 

 

SPORT SHOTS

llllllt’llljillllll Ycah iiianl lflcll The
city fathers have tiually opciicd thc tcn—
nis courts. Now the team won't have an
alibi for their next match. Maybe they
won’t need one. \\'c hope so.

In spite of the three o'clock ruling,
the boys weren't so alert against
Middlebury last Saturday. The Ver-
monters had our boys saying “nice

from beginning to end. At
least. our lads can lose gracefully.

If the boys only had courts to prac-
tice on. tbcy might be able to do some-

‘ For inslancc. they always do well

. They use their singles
tor practice . It's the only prac-
tice they have ll’l(l so far. (\Vc rcpcal
this for cmph.’ —iorgivc us.)

As this pillar of truth goes to
press. the mightiest of our men are
girding their loins for combat in the
family track meet. The race is to
the swift. my mates. Happy daysl
We still think the soplis will make
good, We’ll e glad to be wrong.
Loyalty is a wonderful thing.

LUTHERANS WILL MEET
The last niccliiig oi Lutheran chili will
bc at the Friciidship house at 5:30 o'clock
' aftcriioon instead of Thurs-
, 1 mist announccd. All lllL‘lll-
'lt'lh .Irc in'gcd to attend this liiial nicel-
iug.

 

 

 

.
lKramer WI“ Head
State Troubadours

Edward Kramer. '36. will serve as
licad of the State College ’l‘roubadours.
incn's musical organization. for next year
as a l't. lt of elections conducted this
wcck. according to Carlton Coiiltcr, ’35.

’lcut. Ralph Van Horn. ’37. will
as vice-president and \Villiain

i. as sccrctary-trcasuru'.

. _'|‘roubadonrs. the only men's or-
ganization open to all men of the Col-
lcgc. annually prcscuts a musical show.
Kramer was director oi this year's pro-
ductiou.

’l'hc retiring ollicci's ol the organiza-
tion. in addition to Conltcr. are: vice-
prcsidcnt. (ilcnn ngcrcr. ‘36; secretary.
Karl l-Zbcrs. ’36. and treasurer. Donald

at aid. '35.

MADISON snot
REBUILDERS

No job too small for us to call
for—and deliver . . . even
a shinel
Dye. Lengtheii or Broaden Shoes
JOFF FLEISI-IMAN. Manager
Dial 2-0314

. (cr.
'l'hi-

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘5 Dial 5.1913

Geo. D. Jeoney, Prop.

Boulevard Cafeteria

and

TRY OUR SPECIAL DINNER, $1.00
198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

" 5—9212

(31in

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

M

 

 

 

Tonight’s Special

Southern Waffles

Tea, Coffee, Milk

with
aple Cream

 

 

 

