STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 21, 1935

State College News

Established by the Close of 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper at New York State College for Teacher-

 

THE NEWS BOARD
Editors-in-Chief
RUTH E. WILLIAMS DAN VAN LIEUVAN
080 Madison Avenue, 2-3200 117 South Lake Avenue. 2-4314
Associate Managing Editors
EMMA A. Rooms KARL D. EBERS
580 Medlmn Avonun. 2-8266 117 South Lake Avenue, 2-4314
Advertising Manager Finance Manager Circulation Manager
WILLIAM M. DAVIDGE ILROLYN SlMDNF/l" MILDRED I‘ACER
8 Stir-gun Plus 21 North lllttln Avenue, 2—41-14 5.16 Mercer Street, 2-6533
Sul'llualottli Dusk lim'rotts

FIGUDPXICI‘ Hell (‘ooding I I, _
Robert Mmgison y ' Virginia htocl

flurry (iulllllt'l‘

ﬂowchart "ﬁreﬁght: fﬁrms
emu waiter”: was
w W

 

Published every Friday in the college year by the Editorial Board representing
the Student Association. Subscriptions, $2.25 per year, Single copies. ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as second class matter at post-
office, Albany, N. Y.

The NEWS does not necessarily endorse sentiments expressed in contributions.
No communications will be printed unless the writers’ names are left with the Edi-
tor-in-Chief of the NEWS. Anonymity will be preserved if so desired. The News
does not guarantee to print any or all communications.

PittN'rsii iiv Four ORANGE l’iuzss. Inc. ALHANY, N. Y.

Vol. XlX. No. l~l February 21. 1935 Albany. N. Y.

JUNIOR BOARD OF EDITORS
Editors-ln-Clilef

Emma A. Rogers Karl l). Ebers

Associate Editors
Mary Hudson
Glenn Ungerer

Ruth Edmunds
Frank l-lardmeyer

\YIC .'\l\’ It: 'l‘l f IC IlUX it )ltS l ll

The Junior Class! What mcmoi'ics arc in that title. lllll, more important still.
what hopes for the future. .

The past of a Junior 'ass is not \’cry long‘. It has 'tIllIL'rcd some. atid played

a group. it has gone through the comparative nldhood" stage ot cttIrc»

'hmnn and sophomore years; and stands in a position of spcclitttit' watching
lite yotttlifttl struggles of new freshman and sophomorc classcs. and lending a
band ever willingly to the newcome' .

It has made a place for itself. and is scrcue nml confident about lllt' futnrc.I 'l'hi-
Junior c ss has before it one more year iii which to attain its final glory Ill lllt'
collegial world, to receive honors of all tlt'st‘l'lhlllllts’; and the anticipation kit-ps
its members alert. young antl eager. 'l‘herc is to be found no smugncss of liai' ig
reached the top, or disillusionment in having failed. which coon-s to scuio ’l‘lit-rt-
is none of lllv tetiscnc‘s of seniors about tltc futuri- to he fotiiid in this idcitl class.
’l‘licrc is one more ycar of college before it must y desperately to find its lllilt't'
iii the outside world. which may or tiiay iiol bc i\' iting with opt-n arms, dept-titling
upon whclhcr or not one is a cyttic.

'l'hci'c is. above all, youth and pep,—-—uot tlic playfulness, ltt'l'll is, of thc tmdcr-

btit an ctithns'iasm for living which nui~t find exprc tll iIt its carious

'l'hi: presuut Wt‘clt-L‘Iltl is bringing this youthful an: . live Jtllliot' class

it fore. Isn't this the true spirit of Juniors. which wc should like thcm to

kccp for at. lcast the rest of tl' c' ‘7’ And pcrhaps thcy can rcmcnihcr sonic of
it next year, and be licttcr st-tiiors' bcctiusc of it.

Ali’li \VI'I 'l‘() llli l'lx‘UUl)?

Htatc's basketball team has tip to the prcscnt rompctl through its scbctltllc with
only one defeat and malty impr 'sivc scorc liil arc the i'ictorics ours to boast
about? (San otic go elsewhere and really I', w'thout hiding sonn- inncr fccling.
that State has a tcinu that "can lick the stufi'in's ottt o ' nd'so.”

State teams liaic ncvcr bccu afraid of losing a game out onally but lllL' players
do obit-ct to being constantly pill on the floor inst court tcauis ivlilcli arc little
more than Iiiin school onintcts in cxpcriinicc. 'l‘licrc is no glory in taking candy
front a baby nor is there any in rolling up a score with the margin twcnty to
fifty points in favor of State.

()Iin the Middlebury game has in any way bceu ii contest of real sl'ill and
interest. State has continually Iiad material available in thc past to ‘IUI better
than average teams on the court and this should he no argument against booking
a strong schedule for the following year.

interest in the court sport has dccliucd steadily since the scason began and
State would do well to establish relations with colleg * f strougcr calibre than
encountered so far this year in an eITort to rcaivakcn both the studcms‘ and
players' interest in the game.

 

THE STATESMAN STATE’S STAGE

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 21, 1935

 

 

With newly waved coiflures. Wash-I I ll“ lit-st I‘l'jlllih‘ “fI IllktIhfl-I)CIlllIth_lﬁ
iugtou's birthday, and a general cuttmgf “1'51 l)l«}.\ Wit-ﬂ (“m ’3‘ ‘ Il-II ,‘rl-‘l'I‘E"
or ClassesI “,L. humid our Juniur jimmI and Miss I Olson. I MI. (.hriIstian titl
\vhat we “mm [0 knmv—Hnd aren't 1m, wonders with his first speccb Ill vat ty
expert II, mull-"g. um_is who-5 “(mm of tone. gesture. aiid mootl. He looked
with whoI one highly amusing “mpg-Ha bit slick and warm for the frosty
a certain well-known gigolo, now a tra<  \\'l‘illllCl'i ll”\VCVCiI‘- I III I ,
ilition at State, atid his lady escort.5 i\ OlbOIIItlIlllI-l MHI](I"I PILLLII'Il'
one of the chosen clcvcu. \Vcll. we al»IL' " I “'“ll‘ "l “’l‘I ‘9‘“ '“" “" ‘-
ivays (lltl maintain that if you cant it'll ll“ ll“_"‘l”i,"“ 1”” “’V'U'l”-,“”L “3'3
make time with one class. try anothch young. Miss lvltlk‘ “W‘le Villlﬂllll." “I’lll'
“IL. {rcglunm “beds kmm. their OlliuusI poor lmcs. btit the labor was very noticc-
“will sm,_m. is it Itmnns? able. Her face was cxpresstonless and

\\’lio's the Collcge gigolcttc honoring ""IillnI’b‘ILPI
with her presence or can't they take it. ' . . r

. ' . i - oi tlcvtce of disre'arihn' both
What s the matter with Castlctou—wc ll“ 'Il _I , I f L _ .l" I

. - . ispcaliets and platcnit-nt o piops on tic

licatd Union—tut, tut, must the \\'tllll|.'ltt , H ‘ ,

. . . . v. stage. .\lr. ll:ti'tliiic,\ct' was Itoinial and
make the atlvancu ? And then. thetcslIIIII II “II IIIIIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIIIIII III. I,II'I_
that other couple i. it spring iii they _ '3 .  ‘ I
 . i , ,i , .bcrs. \\‘licti \\‘Ill Iliat tlooi bc plancd
an oi oulv love iIi bloom again—nu . .

r . . . ito shut and open witlt tuiirc t'tlﬁt'.’
could stand lcss public display. Were: ,. I _ .. . _I
I . , ' . I Ilic set was stitiliyp—ltlll ll it ii.i~
glad in see one budding l\l|llll‘l) coming: I . ._ I
.I I I I ,I -tut-ant to stiggtst squalid ciicmnstanccs
“1 1"“ humus—"ll 1m“ “Ir lmm' the lights were too high Altogethcr

IR” .“5‘ “mill: '” ‘lLl’li 1‘" “'3 tlu‘llllt' play had its high-lights and was a
1 I‘m" '“lll‘tl’lS—"lt‘ll. “'6 "10""- igood attempt at a lather poor play.

Post-rushing data—sororities celebrate) The ranks with perfon
pledging itt different ways—rumor lii|5illlilllt't' ' mcutiou i-ai'licr iti
It that Kendricks was the . cut: of oncIltlii- . ' . l‘:\'( y onc seemed to sensi-
such festivity. —tas that (IllL'rlllt' fa al spirit in which it n" ‘
undecided freshman made up her mind i to be given. . -. Gleason was prat
for the last tiuic-—thrcc times and out. pct'fct‘l in character, costtnue and part.

You've gotta be a baskctbnll bero---to ‘ ssic" Katz did ivouders with llt‘l'
get a dance with a beautiful girI——.-is'klvoicc although it was' ' ' ' '.
the MIT boys. \Vatcb out. (it-orgclll ‘ to. wlicn she lit-camc angry. Miss Sclilick

\Yclluhopt- yott gct :i tlillll't‘ with llls‘illltl her best piccc of work when slic
l‘i'tuu Qticcn—wc'rc all Itir lit-r. \YL cricd. No one shed \vcttci‘ nor
hcttr [here's to be an orchestra—crossginorc copious to H l)i-lancy \Yih
your fingers. lslllltlllt'tl httt gavc good tnuc by her \i‘alk
Sec Iva tomorrow night Iand llt'l't‘lll. 'I‘hc sct was good and flu-

'l l'lli b'l'.v\ l It..\.\l.‘\.\. :pltty sttpi'i'li. IlUNltHi‘ l’l./\\’tit)l'ﬁl\',

 

 S . Psychology of Job-getting and Job-hold-
- lug; Fantasy of the “ Wandering Jew."

 

 

 

 

(liar .‘a'ti/i' iii lfli.‘ Cit-tilt)

She Strives to Conquer, by Frances .\laiilc. l‘lh‘ |i.’t).'.t‘~'. .\'c\c York: l"nnk
auil \Vngunlls Company. $2.00.

The best friend a young woman looking for a job can lli|\'t' is a book of the
type written by Miss Matilc pointing out both lioiv to st-curi- a job and how to
hold a job once yoti liavc it. Miss Manti- not only points out these important
' '1 but shc also shows what tlicr i'c in the way of jobs which the woman
may expect to find in thcsc tinit's of (lt‘l)l't'§§l(lily—NIH] tlici'c really are some waiting
for the right pcnplc, she claims.

A bank of ctinnt-ttc ' 'l costl, (though dcsirahlc) possession: and yet it points
ottt, according to {\l. Maulc. practically no points of conduct for business life
which arc really :ipplii'blc lll prcscnt—d'i' lifc. (Ions pictitly shc has inclttdcd
iii her book actually practical i'lilcs‘ of hi to s ctiqticltt iii a clear. understandable
way. among the many other valuable sci'viccs‘ which she rciulcrs‘ to thc yotmg
fcniiuiut- job-hunter.

Among these otlicr St'l'\'lt't‘\ is a t]! iouuait'c by which lllc young woman may
di-tcrmiuc for what type of work she suited by temperament aiitl training; and
it is often s-urpi . ig lo thosc applying the test to find out that they aii actually
stiitcd loi' sonic kiml of work complctcly diffci'cnl front that which tlicy have
tentatively in mind as a vocation.

'l'lici'c could hardly bc a mom. suitable atitl \vt-lciiuic graduation present for
a collcgc, or cvcu a hiin school, girl. tliati this helpful and informatch anllltlt‘.
which shottltl hc. incidcntally. valliablc. instructive. and interesting to tliosi- :ilrcatly
holding scctirc positions,

Road of Ages. t,\' li‘obt-ri Nathan. 3.ll pagi-s. Ncw York: Alfri-d t). Knopf.

.‘ ard. eastward, wcri- going thc _lcws. From America, from England.

France. Germany, from cvci'y country the Jews were trckiug to the cast. llauis'licd

by everyone, welcomed by uouc. Nouc cxccpt the Asiatic-s who gavc tlictn the (iobi
for their new home and to the Gobi they were going.

The author conceives of a situation wholly outside of our coinprchcusimi. The
Chri. an world with no cxception litid silut them away. tt'attrs wcrc repre—
sented as were all walks of life, mid iii the horde that wound its way through
Europe itito Asia, there was little peace. Long before reaching the East. the
rich were planning the businesses and the socialists and communists were tpiin‘t'cliilg
among themselves.

To relieve the somewhat monotonous repetition of the quarrels and hardships,
the love affair of Raoul. the son of a French banker. and Leah, the daughter of u
'tiblii. brings out the life of two families of different social standing. In every-
thing, ancient customs and traditions were obstacles to the promotion of the
common welfare, interrupted only by the Jewish holidays.

Within sight of their goal. the travel weary outcasts clashed once again among
themselves, knowing not why. And, as before. life resumed its former routine and
the column faced east towards 'its new home.

talcum—or i I

l'lorn betrayed his debut by.

 

 

Eric Peterson and his Orchestra. who will pl

night at the Aurauia club.

Emma Rogers, Karl Ebers. and Frances Studebaker.

 

t‘tI-t‘tifltll‘S-llljcl‘lit‘f of the junior edition of the News".
Music council and author of the class Alma Mater.

Frank Hurdmeyer. who will be
tonstiiinster of the Jtltliﬂl‘ luncheon Sat-
urday. l'lm‘tlll‘lcyct‘ is also sports editor
of the News.

Gene Sammarco and his Ca
afternoon at the Auranla club.

 

ﬂy for the junior promenade tomorrow

Participants in Junior Class Week-end

Elaine Baird. president of the junior
class and mcmlierIof the Girl’s Athletic

Association Councd.

 

Miss Rogers and ﬁbers are
Studebaker is a member of

iifomlnns, who will play at the junior ten-dance Saturday

