   
 

   

«\
weird,“ . . .

i

i

!

 

mm.”

 

I R'owin‘g's

  

so i. “a

Cornell's Varsity Row: on Late Cayuga.
THE most thrilling moment—when does it come? Many '
haVe been the sporting situations in fiction and in fact
which have been pictured to bring home this sensation, but
to those who have ever seen the start of a varsity race in the
annual intercollegiate Regatta at Poughkeepsie there can be
no other most thrilling moment. it's there, and it's got eve -
thing that goes to give any fan excitement and goosefles .

Seven boats, each with eight oars protruding, lined up
like as many centipedes on the west side of the Hudson
river, each held in place by a marker boat. That is the scene

Biggest Thrills "They're Offh'atPoughkeepsie

  

Columbia Lion: Work Out on Harlem River.
OWING is rich in tradition and the Poughkeepsie

Regatta glitters with rare color in this respect. To the
winning crew in each race go the ierseys of all of the oars-
men and coxswains in the other boats. When Columbia
won in 1929, the banner year when nine crews were
entered, the Blue crew collected 72 jerseys. in that race,
the failure of the Cornell crew to report to the starting
line on time caused the race to be rowed in darkness
against a heavy tide.

ducking in the water is the reward of the winning

upon which the spectators in the 40 flatcars look. The coxswain. The ritual, which today follows eve crew
offiCIal wcht draws u astern. An old, but erect man, , race, is the gay method of expressing the boat‘s ' resent—
Julian. . Curtiss, a ale oarsman of the seventies and J‘me-‘C‘ml‘rl 6?‘.7“’"0ld"gg"il’re‘ ment" for his bullying cries of the race.

referee for almost three decades, steps forward.

Silence in the observation train. The entire flotilla of
destroyers, patrol boats, canoes, yachts, and excursion
steamers which follow the wake of the racin shells seem to pause in absolute ouiet.
Clearl , Referee Curtiss' voice rings out for all to hear, “Are you ready all?" '

The gun barks.

"They're off!" And anything may happen—in fact, has happened, and probably
will happen again. . . .

Regatta.

H ATCH Cornell" has been the bugaboo of every shell since the first big race’

on the Hudson, Jul 2, 1901. For it was the big Red crew that won the first
three races and 10 of the irst 12 races. Since that time, the Cornell record has not
been as high although in recent years they have been standin with Columbia as the
best the East can offer against the double western threat of Was ington and California.

During the first 13 years of the Pou hkeepsie Re atta, victory was an upstate

New-’t‘mk monopoly, for when Cornell did not win yracuse did. in the last three
races prior to the‘ three-year lapse during the war, Columbia, Come l, and Syracuse
were the res 'ective winners. ' , hen competition was resumed in 1920, Syracuse
again won. t was not until two decades after the first race that Navy, a natural for
the rowing sport, was able to break the ice. Penns lvania, the fifth member of the
Intercollegiate Rowing Association, has never crossedthe line a winner.

hile the membership of the. l. R. A. is limited to the five ori inal members, in-
vitations are extended to other colleges with crews to compete. Wisconsin finished
third, when a guest at the first regatta, and took second and third places in the two
following years. Since 1929, the Badgers have not competed on the udson, but
they continue to receive annual invitations. Of the other original guests, George‘
town and Stanford dropped crew as a sport years ago, but signs of a revival are
imminent at the Far Western college.

ashington and California stand today as the most renowned uests and the
best crews year in and year out at Pou hkeepsie. Since 1922, the Hus ies have been
at Poughkeepsie to finish in the first three places every year with the exception of
1930. First in 1923, 1924, and 1926, second five times, and third three times, they
have a record that commands respect on the Hudson.

he fastest time ever recorded for the four-mile course which runs past Krum
Elbow and Hyde Park, home of president Roosevelt, and under the two bridges, was
California's18z35 4/5 in 1928. he same crew which beat Columbia in this race
by less than a boat length, went on to win an Olympic victory. A similar record
although not in time, was hung up by the Golden Bears of 1923. California also

won in 1934, following the depression lapse of 1933.

1M .
Here is the Universit 0/ Washing”);
Varsity, a strong avorite for this
year's Regatta winner. Composed of
all so homorer, this crew rower! to
win I e championship over freshmen
shells y other college: last year. Le/t
to rig t are: Burl Sehacht, .rtrohe,
Rober Morris, Bob Green, Delos
Schoch, Charles Hartman, Iloe Rantz,
George Hunt, and George .nml, how.
George Morry, coxrwam, i1 liner/inn. -

pares the Navy: .rleeh shell [or the

AOME AND KEVBTDNE PHOTOS

A general View of the Prm hheeprie
course, showing the ﬁnish 
distance. A part of the large num-
ber of vessel: that carry spectator:
may he run in the distance.

Since the death of Wisconsin's "Dad" Vail in 1928,
there has been only one grand old man in rowing, Coach
Jim Ten Eyck of Syracuse, now in his 86th year and still
active in the sport. His son, Young Jim, is coaching the infant Rutgers crew on the

aritan. Syracuse, under Ten Eyck, is always a threat.

. So it oes at Columbia, the Glendons, at Cornell, Jim Wray, at California,
minute Ky right, at Pennsylvania, Rusty Callow, and at Washington, Al Ulbrickson,
all stand-out coaches. The latter three are all Washington men that institution rank-
in in crew coachin toda as Notre Dame does in football. éther stories might be
ton about each of t em. nd more color can be found in the lakes and inlets and
rivers, u on which the crews train, but late in the afternoon of Tuesday, June 18, all
eyes wi I be on Poughkeepsie, in the seven lanes leading out from the west bank of
the Hudson river. .

O O O

T lNTERVALS'iof one hour, the three races, freshman, junior versity,"ano' varsity

will be rowedifor respective distances of two,t tee, and four miles, beginning
at four o'clock eastern standard time. Each time, the observation train will start and
'follow the boats, as will the river flotilla. Twice they will retrace their movements
until the big varsity race. ‘

Seven crews, Columbia, Cornell, Syracuse, Penns Ivania, Navy, Washington,
and California, will face the starter's gun above Krum glbow. A few days beforu
‘the race they will be assigned to their lanes, beginning with the treasured No. 1,
the first from the bank. But good crews in the outside lane have been known to win.

From the coast will again come the favorite, Washington, rowing its victorious
freshmen of 1934 intact as the varsity crew. California, once con uered by Wash-
ington but ready to try again, will not be spurned as a contender. n the East, Syra-
cuse is looked upon with favor, while Cornell remains the perennial dark horsr:
Tradition decrees that Columbia will be there, but the loser, in a close finish, unles'.
the worm turns, for in four close finishes, the Mornin side Heights boat has been
second best four times. Navy, under young Buck Walsh, may triumph, since a Navy
crew is always considered dangerous'in rough water. Can Callow do for Penn-
5 Ivania what he used to do at Washington and what the Quakers have never

one—turn in a victory?

The answers are a mystery, but tradition will be enriched on the afternoon of
June 18. it always is at Poughkeepsie, no matter whether the race is as slow as that
of 1929 or as close as the eyelash Syracuse-Cornell finish of 1908 and Washington-
Navy of 1926.

 
   
 

ne in the

 
   
   
   
 
       

Successor: to a long line of winning
crew, the University of California
oarsrnen lost the mart important west
wart race to the Universit of Wash-
ington Hmhiu: last man! . Left to
right are: ,Gene Berhemhamp, strobe,
Leroy Briggs, Teri: Thom/Iran, john
Stage, Carroll Brigham, Elmer Moore
J. McKinney, om! Harley Fleming,
bow. Reg Watt, mxrwain, is hneeling.

 
     

 
   
 

 

 

 

 

   

    

Of course you want mildncss in a cigarette.

Q --'— And the'athletcs—to whom"wind," healthy

)

 

nerves, "condition" are vitally important—
imiet on mildness.

' Lou Gehrig says: "For steady smoking 1
choose Camels. Why? Because Camels are
so mild they never get my 'wind.’"

Other stars noted for their “condition”
agree. George Barker, intercollegiate cross-
country champion, says: “Camels are so mild,
they don't cut my ‘wind' in any way." Bobby
Walthour,]r., star of the six-day bike grinds,
says: “I've got to have ‘wind' in bike racing.
For my cigarette I long ago chose Camels."

And golf? Here’s Tommy Armour speak:
ing: "Camels never bother my nerves. ..
never shorten my 'wind."' Tennis? Listen to
Bruce Barnes: "Camels never interfere with
my ‘wind.”' And fancy-diving champion,
Betty Bailey, says: "I must protect my 'wind.’
That's why I smoke Camels."

What does this kind of mildness
mean to you?

It means you can smoke as many Camels as
you please. Athletes say Camcl's costlier to-
baccos never disturb your nerves— never
tire your taste—never get your "wind."

i

SO MILD ‘

YOU CAN SMOKE
ALL YOU WANT!

LOU GEHRlG has played in more than 1500 con-
secutive big league games—an athletic achievement
that takes "wind"——healrhy nerves—"condition." Lou
says: "For steady smoking 1 pick Camels. They're
so mild they never get my ‘wind' or my nerves."

0 lNSﬂl. J. lk-ynnldl 'l'ob. (In.

 

 

‘I’IACK
Grow: Bum

Form-r Inlorrelloglnt-
CromCounlry Chomplon

      
 

 

 

 

  
 

D IVI NO
BETTY BAILEY
Fancy—Diving Champion

   
 

BASEBALL
Lou GEHRIG
"Iron Man" or sunburn

A

I.

. “N

SIX-DAY BIKE RACING
BOBBY WAUHOUI, JR.
Wlnnlr l1! 6 S

  

TENNIS
BRUCE BARNES
l3 Tomlin Championship:

    
 
    
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
 

 
 

 
   
   
  
 

  
 

 

 
   
 

iii-Day Ros-a

  
   
 
 

GOOD NEWS!

The pleasant things in life are doubly pleas-
nnt when you're "in condition"—thc dillicult
things, just hullas annoying. So it’s good news
to hear that Cnmcl's costlier tobaccos are so
mild you can smoke as many as you please.
Athletes Sil)’ Camels never affect your nerves
—ncvcr get your "wind."

COSTLIER
TOBACCOS

C Cornell tare made from liner, MORE EXPENSIVE TOBACCOS
—-Turkish and Domestic—than any other popular brand.
. {Sluull n. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO comm. Winston-Sultan. N. c.

l
. r .
no" ("5
Tomv Amour 
Winn-r. tho British Opln,
u.s. Dunn, and I'.G.A.

u‘ “an: ‘

 

