   
    
        
     
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
       
            
            
           
   
      
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
   
  
 
  
     
      
        
   
 
   
    
    
    
     
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
 
  
      

 s. )Y'ur , .

l
s

4

Tm“ of tastE‘En'd EUltLire.

 

In 1927 “Pam " Tone, Alpha Dell,

be was both a gen! eman and a scholar, having madejour honor societies and Phi Beta Kappa. Fran-
chot Torre‘: next/i1": is M-G-M's “No More Ladies" with Joan Craujord, who is, public announce-
ment: repeatedly state, the object 0/ Mr. Torre': private murlsbip.

 

FRANCHOT TONE is distinguished from fel-
low collegians workin before Holl wood
cameras in that he is a Phi Deta Kappa. This fact
makes him a bookworm among many current
"Great Lovers" of the films who dropped in on
colle 2 mainly to erfect themselves in football.
Mr, Tone also di ers from the above in that he
knew no poverty on the way up to his present

em‘ ence.
‘4 ‘ “‘glescendant of General Theobald Tone an
I

18th Century lrish rebel, whose features an
excitable blood unmistakably came down the
years to descend on him, Franchot was, in eastern
arlance, "prepared" for ornell University
by private tutoring, European travel, and the
s lish Hill School in Pennsylvania. The Tones of
iagara Falls, N. Y., were people of. substance
and dignity who hope t y were raising a son

 

 

IN THIS they were not wrong.

instinct for the theater. T

house to live in an apartment.

He assiduously worked four years in the Cor-
nell theater, performing with recognized ex-

 

l)ll) YOUR CAMPUS produce it personality who us now prominent in the radio. motion picture. stage, Mt. business.
or political world? if you want to see that personality the subject of n "Swtlighter" thumbnail sketch. write The
Spotii hter. Collegiate Digest. P. O. Box 477.. Madison, Wis.
mitt: , in addition to one dollar for acceptable authentic anecdotes about the famed of today.



 ..a-.-

 

to W. H. enn Jr., Georgia Tech.) J. C.
A. E. Lawson, University of Illinois W. J.
of Dayton, and A. D. Merry, Cornel

"Pamp" Tone
proceeded directly toward making Phi Beta
Kappa and demonstratin a natural, intelligent
he prize Cornell rushee

of 1923, he was won by the Alpha Delts. Two
years later, in one of his periodic revolts against
conventional living, he left the Alpha Delta Phi

‘1 SECRETARY OF WAR DERN GIVES PERSHING AWARDS

‘ 910.74 feet.
c aney Texas .8( .1 - ' 1 WM“ artiﬁcial hatch-
Habererl, Jr., University " "  ' ing of rabbits’
Aoun ' eggs.
w"): wonLo

l University.

   

7 " ﬁllegiaie Bit;

SECTION

- “National Collegiate News in Picture and Pardgraph”

u. s. YRADEMARK sent”. NUMBER 313412

pertness in such plays as Shaw's Arm: and the
Man, Wappin' Wharf, and Right You Are. He
accepted in his stride membership in Phi Kappa
Phi, Book and Bowl and Sphinx Head all honor
societies, without ecreasing the wide latitude
of his social life.

Keith Brown, Vale's pole-vaulting ace, clears 14 feet, one
and one-half inches to break Penn Relays record.
KEYITONE ,

ON GRADUATlON in 1927 he began with
characteristic directness to become an
actor by working as sta ehand and "walk on"
player in Buffalo stock. Elater, in New York, he
took a room in a first-class hotel and waited for a
'ob. Proving his brisk confidence came from a
elief in himself as an actor, not his background,
he accepted roles with the New Pla wright's
theater a poor but idealistic grou o thinkers
headed by‘John Dos Passos, an the Group
Theater another' ody of pobr players not in-
tereste in having capitalists among them. After
a season with Katherine Cornell and the Theater
Guild, Franchot heeded the Hollywood call in
1932. The "New Republic” thereupon printed
a paragraph of re ret that a fine actor was going
the way of all flesh.
his seemed the case. Franchot Tone has a
tea-time look fatal in movieland. His first impor-
tant picture was Gabriel Over the White House.
ln Bengal Lancers he started his struggle for
emancipation rorn playing a stenographer's
dream of a Prince Charming in a Dusenberg.

THE MIGHTY BRUINS in Even facial muscles are
worked overtime when diminutive Jack Zipper-
man, coxswain of the University of California Los
Angeles) varsity eight, puts his mates throug a
long and strenuous practice run.

wuo: WORLD PHOTO

 

it With a winning
heave of205 feet,
'lO and
inches, Henry Lit-
Oni: dollar will he paid for each acceptable picture aub- lllldm
 Mary Col-

‘ lege, captures the
I enn arnival

    

one-half - I, '_\ V , _ H ’ . g V ._ l'

  
 
      
   

j ACE SHARPSHOOTER »
Shirley Frazer, re resenting
the University of ashington
(Seattle), captured the 1935
"womens intercollegiate
championships b shooting
48 out of 50 bul 's-eyes.

 

 
   

 
 

NEWS PHOTOG~

RAPHERS ..
GOING PLACES

» Clarence Lind-
strom,stellarFresno
ta t e ol l e g e
(Cal-if.) broad
'umper, is caught
y the action cam-
era in the middle
of a record-break-
ing leap.
ACME PHOTO

 
 

N
TEST TUBES u
Prol. Gre ory
Pincus, of ar-
vard, takes mo-
tion pictures of
his successful
process tor the

A new Drake Re-
lays meet record
in the iavelin was

 
 
   
    
   
  
  

  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 
 

  

PHOTO

