STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 15, 1935

   

 

State C olll‘ege News
" Established by the on" or ms

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD

Knit. D. Eases. . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . .Edi‘tor-la-Ghief
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Emu A. Rooms.......................News Editor
Beta Zeta, 680 Madison Avenue, 2-3208

Grain: M. Unomna. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assaoiate Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2042‘!

Fun DEXTER. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assietaat News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Ems Gunman................Asaistant News Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-012-t

Vraomrs Sworn. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assistant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street, 3-0137

Osaomm Smoxar. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Business Manager
. Gamma Kappa Phi. 285 Quail Street. 2-4144

Jami Dano........ . . . . . . .Assoeiate Business Manager
' Kappa Delta Rho. 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Latm'm Sm. . . . . . . . . . . .Associate Business Manager
206 Western Avenue. 4-5907

THE NEWS STAFF

Sroa'rs Emroa
Frank J. Hardmeyer, '36

 

 

Raroarans

Rosella Agostine, Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley Elsa
Jalkins, Hulda Clussen, ltuth Edmunds, Jacqueline Evans,
Ruth Gillespie, Marie Geesler Mary Hudson, Aubrey
.Kalbaugh, Margaret Woodruif, seniors; Helen Clyde,
label Unvidge, Elizabeth Goodlng Eltrieda Hartt, Eliza-
beth Herr, Joan Kaplan, MaryJ Lam, Robert Marglson,
Mary Plank, Elinor Smalley, hyllis Verinllye, Juniors;
Betty Appledoorn, Rose Bcrkowitz, Mildred Bodln, William
Bra , nne Burr, Frances Cahlll, Helen Callenius,
Kathryn Carlson, Richard Cox, Alvena DeLong Warren
Densmore, Antoinette Don Vito, lizabeth Driscoll. Jeanne
Edgcumbe, Ruth Frost. Ella Gifford, Muriel Goldberg,
Merriam Gould, Marjorie Jobson, Phyllis .Tobson, [lose
Kurkhlll, Charlotte Libman, Jean Lichenstein, Josephine
Maurice, Mary McClung, Lillian Mosher, Ruth Mullen,
Helen Olskl Theresa Palmer, Dorothy Roblnson, Mae
Rosenbeek, Adelaide Schmid, Jean Shaver, Martha Sheehy,
David Smith, Muriel Stewart. Ruth Thompson, Mary '1 obin,
Ramona Van Wie, Sophie Wolznk, sophomores.

 

 

1933 Member 1936
Rssociated Colleoiale Press

Distributor of
Colleoiale Digest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-ofﬁce, Albany, N. Y.

 

 

The NEWS does not necessarily endorse sentiments
expressed in contributions. No communications will be
printed unless the writers' names are left with the Editor-
in-Chief of the News. Anonymity will be preserved if so
desired. The News does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

Parsrao av Bovn Pamrmo 00., Inc., ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

Vol. XX, No. 7 November 15; 1935 Albany, N. Y.

 

OUR HATS ARE OFF

Not as a result of, but coinciding with our plea for
more worthwhile activities by State’s numerous clubs
and organizations, was the commercial exhibit sponsored
by the Commerce club last week. Without doubt, it
was the most educational, interesting (both to coni-
mercial students and others), and successfully planned
and carried out exposition we have seen in our four
years at State.

Other clubs could well follow the example set by
Mr. Silverman and his co-workcrs in bringing to this
college such exhibits, plays, speakers, or attractions, as
are of interest to the student body in general. Although
the event might not be as successful, it would at least
be a justification for the existence of any particular
group.

An additional item of interest was the “open ail‘air”
idea whereby students of local high schools were given
the opportunity of seeing demonstrations by world
champions and an exhibit which is not likely to be
assembled again in the near future. Another mark
on the right side of the ledger for State college.

Let this be an alarm clock sounding nn aivukcning
geng to those “sleeping” groups populating thc i'rcsh
man handbook.

WJIE;v WE ARE ALUMNl

A heartening vision of the future was givcn the
seniors this past Monday as a board of State’s oll'»
spring invaded every hall, classroom, nook and crunny
of these buildings. It was just such an inspiration or
doing next year what those members of tho prot’cssion
are doing now that was needed to bolsior up lhc spirit
of this semester’s practice icuchcl‘s, many oi" whom
are already trying to count on all llngcrs the number
of weeks of teaching remaining.

Many do not yet fully rcalizc, as the days slip away
one by one, that this four-your “leaf” is “caring its
ﬁnish and that a period of sixteen ycars ot’ ncquiring
an education is about to end, once and for all. In lhc
true sense, there is no such thing as linlshlng on which
lion, but no longer will we have n supci'viscd book
course with deﬁnite assignments.

A majority of us wish we could fort-soc what is to
come. To the seniors, the question would be: “Where
shall I be one your from today?” Many will be lunch-
ing, others will be in some other line of work. lint,
regardless, whether guiding the youth of today or
doing something else, never consider your college edu
cation a waste of time. No non-college individual will
have a more prized possession nor a view on life that
you are bound to possess and pride.

And when we are alumni, let us remember those days
when we were in looking out.

I

A NEW PROBLEM

A pure democracy gives all, among other things, the
right to vote. We pride ourselves on our student
government and the ‘freedom of government which we
have. But, recently, there has arisen the question:
“Is this freedom wise at all times?”

The two occasions in which this problem has reared
its head is in the voting for campus queen and senior
“u sts”. The reason is that both of these come too
early in the college year for the freshmen to have
adequate time to become sufﬁciently acquainted with
the senior class in order to make their choices wisely.

After both of those elections, freshmen have been
heard to say: “I voted for so and so because I didn’t
know anyone else and the person next to me said to
vote for that person.” This is not sane voting. How-
ever, to deprive the entering class of their voting privi-
lege is also unfair. Therein lies the rub.

Some remedy for the situation is necessary to pre-
vent these occasions from becoming farces. It would
be needless and unwise to deprive the yearling class of
their voting power now, but consideration for some pro-
vision in the Constitution for next year would be most
advisable. The fallacy of the existing method is now
apparent to the three upper classes and will become
clear to the fourth as the year progresses. An amend-
ment, we believe, in the spring of the year would be the
wisest solution of the problem.

The NEWS gladly invites expression of student
opinion for or against the issue, and any other possible
solutions there may be of this problem.

RESOLVED: THAT—

Anothcr of State’s extra-curricular activities falls
into action this week as dcbntc council announces its
opening program for the coming scuson. Although a
major activity for many, the college interest has not
been attracted to this sport as greatly as 'to some of
the many other activities.

State’s debaters can easily claim the distinction of
doing more to carry the name and fame of this insti-
tution to other colleges than any other activity, with
the possible exception of basketball. At the some time,
the student body in general knows loss of this group
than it does of any other. Why? lit is hard to say.

Perhaps the students outside the English dcparimcnt
do not fully realize the interest and cnjoymcnt that
can be derived from those verbal contests whcrc word-
mixing and phrase-ﬁxing are a matter of iniclligcncc
rather than of co-ordination of muscle and brute
strength. To the small group which has followcd
State’s debaters in past years, the quality of their pcr-
t'ornninces is well know‘n, but to the majority in other
liclds, the existence and program of dcbating is a mcrc
rumor.

For a student body to appropriate its funds for an
activity and then fall to make adequate use of its
oppm'tuuitics seems a mile foolish, yet the blame rests
on the students themselves rather than on dcbai'c council.
The former group ignores the chance to see what its
money has provided, yct riscs in protcst when the
budget for such an organization comes bcforc the
assembly in the spring, and trics to rcducc the present
activities still further.

Why pass up an opportunity to see something that
you yourself have provided?

 

BOOKS: A Novel of a Maine
Shipping Family.

 

 

 

 

G.M.U.

Time Out of Mind, by Rachel Field. 402 pages. The
Macmillan (.‘ompnny, New York, i035. $2.50.

“Time Out of Mind” is a romantic novcl of scnti‘
mcnt dealing with a gcncl'ntion of a famous ship-
building family. ’l‘hc story begins with the dwindling
of the shippingr irudc and deals with a section which
is now a home for many Summcr tourists, namely, the
State of Maine.

Back in the 1870’s it was the custom thnt onc son
should carry on the firmin tradition. The story
ccntcrs around the son, a music lovcr and youthful
colllposoi’, uml Kate li'crnuld, who comcs to livc with
the Fortune family and aids the son in his grcui
odds. .\liss lilcld purports lli‘l'ni‘ll us Killc in child»
hood from the ngc ol' tcu ycui‘s upward. Hbc [ilt‘llll‘t‘.~
iln- occasional connnon-plucc sinbborn ultiiudc of lhc
l'nlhci‘ When he forbids his son io cvcn touch lhc
piano in hopcs of making a sailor of him.

()nc can soc by the feeling that is woven into a warm.
Incllow pi'osc thui Alisa l"ichl is u lovcr of tbc scu
and thc .\lnino cousi. llcr (ll'tllilillll' sccncs ui'c l‘i"
wulcd in color and spin-iousnc».

“It With :1 scu oi‘ tossing llllll'lx’nllH'i' that I an“,
limlilcss nnd lovcly, in thc light oi" it lntc ni'lcrnoon
in hull.” .\‘ccncs of thc shipyards. thc tiny llzll'lml'
\illngi-s, and of lhc ril‘llunlii‘l'n lcnd no air of «lcllghl
Lo lhc olil-l'unhiom-d rolunnilc novcl. Whilc Silllh ili‘ii'ir
ing by and [hiring iort'bcs in the night iln lhc ‘pl'ldc’
is luunchcd illlll \'l\id ionchc.~ lo lhc nnrrnllvc. 'l'hc
uollior lit-limos in symbols as is shown in lhc insluncc
oi' l'oriuilciclllng in childhood iluys.

"'l'lnlt is how lhc past sci-uh lo nic, u liollo\\ slicll
uni oi‘ tln- mighty scu of 'l'inic, which cuch onc oi u~
may prc» in lhc car to drown out lhc londci clnlnoi
oi' lhc lil'i'ni‘lil.”

lo mnli'nnl Io bits of humor. \ll\.~ l“ll‘lll .~ll(l\\.\ u
Ill't‘ll insight into human ill‘nll't" and liiilliiit'l'l‘lllo‘. In
closing. >lit' lcnics hcr l‘i'ilill‘l'w not in suspcnsc. but in
n mood oi mlilmlc: “. . . and now that all ihc
words ill'i‘ «cl down on pnpci' ihcy sci-m poor and llli'iiilr
liIL'lcsa. dry and ln'iiilc 2c» wccds lci't sirnndcd abou-
ibc lllli‘ Iinc. For ii was it nii’nngc high iidc [but
took our llll‘i'c bum and ﬁling ihcm Iogclhcr lo mingli-
in Hull and sun and lhc ilcrcc 4'lll'l't‘lll.‘ of our youth.”

'l‘hc grculncss ol' lhc novcl docs not. lie \viihin lhc
~ioi'y. bui Ha grcuincns lice. in lln- command and uppcnl
ihni Ill'liWh lhc rcndcr. 'l'ln- story is homcly. gcnninc
and inlnn‘cntly Ncw England. It. is Ami-i‘cun biography
Elm wcll as l-(Il‘llll history, brccding strength and pcr-
scvcranco in face of trcmcndons odds.

It is of special interest to us this \vcck to announcc
that Miss liitt'lliil Field will spcak at an open Incoiing
in (llianccllor’s hall in the State Education building at
4:00 o’clock Monday afternoon on tho subjcct “llow
liooks Happen.”

 

 

.THE STATESMAN

To get our preferred list out.of
the way right off the but we mention
the story of St. Francis J. and the
“Sign of the Cross”. . . . we
don’t like to squcrl on people, but
when panning gets to be such an
obsession that you go to the toy shop
to have one made it’s really too
much. . . . Correction: Potter
club has found Eta Phi. . . . Tell
us who didn’t see “Mutiny on the
Bounty”. . . . The Gamma Kaps
did a lot of entertaining last week——
it’s a case of “Me and Down Morle-
land” again. . . . What “’1”
Sully do with his hands tonight?
. . . So Meury did not say 'itwell
be all. . . lslbors has charge of
the News mascot this time. . . .
Docs Cupid need more help in the
Commons—tho dart board is bound
to snare a. few. What has
happened to the pigs? . . . l-Iow
Baker does get around. . . . Prob‘
lcm: If it takes five minutes to
empty the dorm for a ﬁre drill how
long will it take when the “all men
out” boll gets into use? . . . Dons-
morc is playing horses tonight~—tud,
ind. . . Too bad the younger
scion of the Rand family is leaving
town—dorm it all. Sobriety
will mark many a practice tcachcr’s
New Year’s Eve. . . . Second
scmcstcr teachers don’t believe in
Santa (‘luus either. The tally
sheet in the activities ollice is cor-
rect until 10:00 o’clock every morn-
ing. . . . Docs (l.A.A. have a
icmpcruncc pledgc‘l Then we
have the visitor at the commerce show
who disapproved of cigarettes.
l"our members of thc ndvunccd dru-
mniics class have bccn heard re-
hcursing a murdcr mystery entitled
“Who Killed the 'l’laygocr'l” . . .
We scc that basketball is n prelimi-
nary to dancing again this your. . . .
'l‘hc lloor of course was really meant
for basketball. Nelson has
turned from harder apple products
to wincgur. . . . You should soc
the girls stick their heads out of the
dorm windows to see the boys do
lhc “March of the Wooden Soldiers"
. . Some of the boys were hop-
ing that Dr. Ilicks would spring
“'l‘igcr ling” on them during that
rhythm l‘csl‘. We hear M.A.A.
is going to take over all men ’5 sports
——does that mean indoor, loo? . . .
History rcviscd again: now it‘s Jean
in the Lion’s dcn. Yours till
lhc rainy scuson is over. . . .

THE MAN 01'1 STATE

 

 

 

College House
Receives Flag

As a part of its Amoricunization
program carried on throughout lhc
country, lhc, Albany Chapter ol" the
(l,A.li. has prcscnicd (.‘ollcgc llousc,
mcn’s group housc, with a large
.\mcricun ilng and standard.

The prcscnlaiion took place Sun
day after a dlnncr-nnmling given by
lhc House. A connnillcc of thc
‘i'olncn's Rcliof (‘orps of lhc G.1\.Ru
prcscnicd tbc llag’ lo Alichucl (il‘llllli,
‘2iii, prcsidcnt ol' (lollcgc llousc, who
cxprcsscd the gruiiludc of mcmhcrs
l'or lhc gil'l.

 

I COMMUNICATION

l'IIlllor ol" ihc H'l‘A’i‘l“, (‘o|.i.noh Nun's:

.\s n mcnibcr oi‘ lhc siudcnl usso
ciuiiou who irnvcls honic l'ol‘ vncn
lions, l ll'iilllll lilo- to suggcsi that
you lillli.l.~ill this connnunicniion.

It is gcm-rnlly rccognizwl lhni niosi
sludcnls plnn to go homc during ihz-
\‘nrions collcgc rcccsscs and for
scvr-rnl wcchcmls throughout iln-
your, Now, why wouldn't ii In-
good iilcn l‘or sonic ngi-ncy lo llllH'
upon iiscll' lhc lush ol' pl'mhling
ridcs i'ol' lhow simlcnis dc~iring
lllcni.’

.\s l soc li lbcrc :ll'l' llll'l'l’ pow
\llili‘ ngcncics so illllllllli'll io i'oln
niib ihc silnuiion. lr'irsi, om- oi' lhc
sci-vicc oi'guiiixnlions oi' iln- collcgc
could do n \‘cl'y cll‘cciln- lill'ii‘ of
work in umlcrinhing lllln, Hccond,
n siudcnl, for it slight proiil, so) tcn
ccnls n ridc or clsc for in: pcr ccui
ol' lhc mom-y lllllilnul, could llllI
lruvcl ugcncy. ()nc ol‘ lllt‘mi' [no
suggcsiions would probably bc lhc
bcsl solution. .\s a last I'i'h‘ill'l, lion
cvcr, lci us at lcosi hnvc :1 common
bullciin board sci npnrl solcly for
tho usc of those siudcnis «Ii-airing
ridcs homc, or for those who how
rare and wish to huvc ridcrs in ordcr
lo dcl’rny lhcir cxpcuscs.

AN lN’l‘l‘llil‘lH'l‘l'll) H'l‘lllll'lN'l‘

 

Elementary iEmotionalists
Emulate Exotic Enters

For those who have wondered
at the weird shricks and wild
laughter emanating from the audi-
torium between the hours of 2:25
and 3:15 o’clock Tuesdays and
Thursdays, may we say the phe-
nomenon is not as unnatural as
it sounds. The elementary dra-
matics class is emotingl The
unique Angna Enters herself has
nothing on the pantomimes exe-
cuted by this class.

Anne Rand (no relation to
Sally Rand) took a bath in
pantomime. Anne wanted to use
a pillow in her supposed bath tub,
but feared to soak the stulfings.
Such imaginationl

For the masterpiece in panto-
mime, our vote goes to La Dibble.
By the slicer force of those spark-
ling cycs, Janet carried the newly—
chs through a none-too-smooth
ﬁshing trip. We smiled when
friend husband had to bait the
hook, but when the ﬁsh got away
we couldn’t contain ourselves.
Then there was hubby’s exploit in
the branches after the ﬁsh line
caught in a tree.

The prize for supremo accom-
plishment, however, goes to Paul
Dittman, who actually sewed a
button on his shirt without stick-
ing his thumb. Incidentally, we
wondered why the thread seemed
to get longer and longer as he
scwcd.

But when ('lcncvievc Corbin
stalked in as Mr. Coll‘eo-Ncrvcs
and slunk away after the evening
meal, popular fervor reached its
height and the audience rose and
cheered, ‘ ‘Posium l ”

Of course, clcmcntary dramatics
isn’t: all frivolity and humor. Wc
all held our breaths while Sally
thlnn look livc minutes to com-
mit suicide.

 

 

 

 

 

ARE WEEK-END GUESTS

\l'cclccnd guests at Gamma chapter
of Kappa 'l)clta Rho fraternity in-
cluded: Donald Benedict, Charles
lx'issam, Philip Ricciardi, and Robert
Robinson, of the class of ’34; and
Charles Atwcll, William Jones, Alcx
.lndick, William Nelson, Donald
Packard, and George Pratt, ’35
graduates.

 

GRECIAN GAMBOLS

Can it be that the holiday Monday
had anything to do with the many
wcck-cnd guests this wcck‘! Wcli,
while you’re considering the possi-
bility, we’ll tell you who was around.

Elizabeth Slawson, ’35, aml Eliza-
bcth Moat, ’lH, wcrc cntcrtuincd at
Alpha Rho. 'l‘he Bciu thn house
was graccd by the. prcscucc ol’ linih
Williams and Lorainc lnnlcr, class of
’35, Laura Styn, ’iill, Nclllc Wood,
linbcitc llulzcnluub, and licntrico
l‘oc, class of ’34, and linilicrinc
llninsworth, ’Jitl,

Kappa llclin \vclcomcd lloris llowo,
.\lnrion llcincmnnn, Lillian l’nvnc,
and (lrncc I'rilchnrd, class of ‘il.-),.llllll
Madalyn llwycr nnd l'ldiili llcllol‘
hindcr, clnss oi' ’Zii. .\i llclin (bncgu
wci'c .lndiih l“l\li'i', ’Jitl, .\liil‘lill'lti
.\loi'loll, ’iiii, l‘Iliznbcih llnsmusscn,
’1“, and l'Iliznliclh llurinnin, '35.: nt
l'Iin l'lii, Lucillc Manning and ltnih
l'rulcblc‘v, 'lil, nnd l'ldilh Wood and
Mrs. .\lmibn Knucy; and at l'bl
liclin, (‘clin liishop nnd licih l.:ipp,
clnss of “ﬁll, \'crn linrns, ’1i:.‘, and
.ois .\lclnlyl'c and .\lul'gucrlio
Liscln-r, l'lllhrl ol’ 'Ii.'i.

lil‘l‘lllll l“l'nHl, '1l.'i, was cnlcrinincd
ni .\lphn l‘lpxiloii l‘hi; lici'iliu lluhl,
'Jlli. ninl l‘lnnicc Hlnlniu't‘l', .lunc ('zll'cy,
and .\bnirn lilies, clnss oi‘ ’iil, :it l’si
(lnmmn: llciiy llclnncy, ‘Jii, at
(inmmn l'hi Sigma: and lii‘illlll Nit
ihnn, ’Ji, l‘isllll'l‘ (‘linli'\\'ick, and
\lnilnldn lI-iillli'l', ’Ii-l, ni l'l Alpha
'l'nn,

(inly i\\o cngngcmcnls ibis \vcck:
l‘lliznln-ib lil'HHl'll, ’;i."i, nlcmbcr of
Iinmmn l‘hi Sigma, and William
Hwii‘l, 'Jio; nnd Maurine Winclulrg,
’Jirl, nn-mbcr oi' l'i .\lphn Tan, and
\l\ron (‘oopi-I'.

\'o\\ for our nn-mln-rs: llulnmn
l'hi Mgmn vcccivcd l‘llslo llildcn-
lllltlill and .\Im .lohnson, class of '30,
and .\lnl'gnrci .\lnl‘phy, ’ii8. l’hi
llclin inllinicd Mr. and Mrs. W. Irv-
ing liocw'cy into honorary member-
ship, whilc Alpha liho nildod Miss
l'llnni l‘lvuns to its group of honorary
nicmbcrs.

licltu Omega and (inmmn Kappa
l'hi cnch conducted Alumnuo \vcck-
cnd. (lnmnm Kup reports seventy-
llvc nhuns in attendance.

 

 

Volume IV

THE FIRST WOMAN to be elected to Pi Mu Epsilon,
honorary scholastic society at Dana College, Justine
Forristel was also president of the Women‘s Association
of the college and a fraternity ball queen.

L -

   

l education. Helen Ramsell was one of his ﬁrst customers.

 

TIE-ER. SHINE A WEEK" is the slogan of Bill Burns,
l i'Aa shoe shine stand at Occidental College tocarn funds

« a...“ ﬂwﬁwx ..

“s Agnoonnnon saws novnnsnnkis 1935

EARTHQUAKE
SHOCKS ruined
their dormitory so
these Intermountain
College students
slept on the lawn
rather than be inside
a building if further
shocks came to Hel-
ena, Mont. The
m i n o r earthquake
there killed two per
sons and damaged
much property.

 

  

who has just opened
to ﬁnance his college

   
 

Aga'ACRAP'Hf- 4. I

 

    
 

  

NEW YORK UNIVERSITY undergraduate art students have just taken over
the studio which the great American landscape painter, Geprgevlnness, once
owned and occupied. Nearly 100 students will work this semester in the Inness
studio, once a rendezvous of many great painters in the heyday of Greenwmh

Village.

 

t tn the
women.

   

H ASLOOQLLEGE oilicial marot for 1935 is the pet raccoon br
L college by Margaret Page (left) and which has been adopted by all of
at the Auburndale. Mass, institution.

       

Page. 3

Janna}... . we“. as,» .

 
        

 

 

