 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 2

““sTA'rEVCOLLEoE NEWS, DECEMBER 13, 1935

 

State College News

lstabiialied by the Class of 1018
I'M Undergraduate Newspaper of New York state
College for Teachers ‘

THE NEWS BOARD

Kant. D. Eam.......................Edttor-tn-0Mef
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4814

Euua'A. Boasas.......................News Editor
Beta Zeta, 680 Madison Avenue. 2-8266

Guns M. Unenna..................Auaeiata Editor
Edward E. Potter Club. 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

Fun Danna...”.............Aamtant News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho. 111 S. Lake Avenue. 24814

lunar Gonna. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Asslatane News Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

Vmoima Sroan................Autatant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street. 8-9137

OaaoLYN Smoxm. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Bustmm Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi, 285 Quail street, 2-4144

JOHN Dario. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Associate Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4814

14er Saw............Associato Business Manager
208 Western Avenue. 4-5907

THE NEWS STAFF
Sronrs EDITOR: Frank J. Hardmeycr, ’36
Sornonons DESK EDITORS

Warren Densinorc, Muriel Goldberg, David Smith,
Ramona VanWie, Sophie Wolzok

 

 

REPORTERS

Rosella Agostiue. I'hyliis Boswortli, Loretta Buckley, Elsa
Caikins, Hulda Classen, ltuth Ediminds, Jacqueline Evans,
R_ntb Gillespie. Marie tiecsler, Mary lludson, Aubrey
Ixalbauah, Margaret \Voodruti’. seniors; Alice Barrows.
Helen Clyde, lsubel Duvidge, Elizabeth Goodlng, Ell'rieda
Hartt, Elizabeth Herr, Joan Kaplun, Ethel Keshner. Mary
bani, Robert Margison, Mary Plank, Elinor Siuaiiey, Phyllis
Verniliye. Juniors: Betty Appledoorn, liosc l5crkowitz,
Mildred Bodin, Aime Burr, Frances Cahiil, llcien (.‘allenius,
Ixathryn Carlson, liicliard Cox, Aivena Debong, Antoinette
Don Vito, Elizabeth Driscoll, Jeanne Edgcumhe. ltutii Frost,
Ella Uin'ord, Merriam Gould. Marjorie Jobson. Phyllis
Jobson. ltose Kurkhill, Charlotte Libman, Jean Lichcnsiein.
Jersephlne Maurice, Mary McCluiig, Lillian Moshcr. liiith
Mullen. Helen Oiski, Theresa Palmer, Mae iiosenbeck.
Adelaide Sciiiiiid, Jean Shaver, Martha Sheehy, Muriel
Stewart. Ruth 'l‘hompsou, Mary Tobin, sophomores.

1935 Member 1936
Rssocided Colleoiaie Press

Distributor of

Collegiate DieSest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-ofﬁce, Albany, N. Y.

The News does not necessarily endorse sentiments
expressed in contributions. No communications will be
printed unless the writers’ names are left with the Editor-
in-Cliief of the NEWS. Anonymity will be preserved if so
desired. The News does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

 

 

 

 

PaIN'rED av BOYD PBXN'l'ING Co., INC., ALBANY, N. Y.

 

Vol. XX, No. 10 December 13, 1935 Albany, N. Y.

 

CURTAILING BEGINS

Elsewhere in this issue is the announcement that
the S’l‘n'l'l': COLLEGE News will not be issued next week
as a result of the decreased tax collections. lfnlcss
there is a considerable spurt in payments. this will be
but one of several omissions the liourd will be ('Uiiipellt‘ll
to make.

Perhaps this is the first actual instance this year
where the student. body will really experience the
cutting in activities. ()thcrs, which havc clil'lililcd their
work but have not made it Ui)\'ll)il.~ throuin being
active only occasionally, ili‘c in the same pi'edicniuciil
as that which faces the News.

if some of the thirty per cent who luivc not made
their iicipinintance with it student tax ticket should
ask Santa (Ilaus for the donation of ten dollars this
coming vacation, it could purchan a worthwhile gift
which would be practical for the remainder of the
college year, uml at the same time spread its cheer
to those who endeavor to put on a program for the
benefit of the student association.

The main portion of State's extra-curricular progrqu
will begin after the holidays and continue through
May. Miss not the choicest inorscl of this pic.

GONE Bll'l‘ NUT i“Oli(il.)'l"l‘EI\'

Time marches on aml lilkcs its toll. Another change
in olic of State's winter activities will go into being
next week as the traditional all-night parties give
way to closed house parties. lint, along with lhc rest
of the student body, We hope this is only it temporary
abolishmcnt of these hitherto anticipated nights of
rcvcli'y.

Willi all due consideration, il must be admillml that
some ‘sll‘jln had to be taken in put a chcck on this
annual all'iiir which, in recent years, had departed
far from iis original purpose, Some unfortunate inci—
dents last year put'the climax on the event with
the resulting consequences facing the various groups
this wcck.

To the scniors especially it is a disappointing finish.
All have waited eagerly for their linal full night of
traditional merry making. 'l‘o thc juniors and sopho-
mores, it has loss of the tragic climax. These two
classes still have a lease on college life and an oppor-
tunity to bring back in part, if not cntircly. a rcsunip-
tion of the departed affair. Much will depend on the
outcome of this Thursday night's activities.

Backwater temporarily. A bush cut back in the fall
springs iii in more vigorous growth the. next spring.
Let this )8 but a little cutting with a better growth
in the future.

A BOON, SIRE i

All anticipation for Christmas vacation is gradually
tracked away as instructor after instructor announces
tests for the day or the (lay preceding vacation. Iii-
stead of going home after a week of tapering oil' of
class work, most every student finds liiinSelf Working
to top speed until Friday and then suddenly discovers
himself imaging in mid-air with nothing to do.
pleasing sensation then, but not one that will suddenly
put a typical student in the best of piiysicai ceiidition
for his vacation.

Custom has dictated that certain social events must
be participated in during the previous week. Although
studies may be the thing we come to college for, certain
other affairs are as necessary as the former to make
life bearable and well rounded. One or the other has
always suffered from this tangling of events, and often
at this period of the year it is the college work. If
such is the case, why is class work and especially the
tests not arranged slightly different during this week?
For once an effort on the part of the facility would
be definitely appreciated by the student body.

LET US PAUSE

There seems to be no more appropriate time of
the year in which to work on the crumbling will-power
of people than around Christmas, From all sides rise
signs of distress among those with whom we have no
contact while in college, but who, when We are teach-
ing, will form a goodly portion of our surroundings
wherever we may be. This one time out of the entire
twelve months, we should turn our attentions from
college life to the sadder side.

Few, if any of us, have ever had to face any real
hardships of life. We can be thankful for that. lint,
at the same time, we cannot realize the full meaning
of misery. All have sullicicnt food, clothing, and
luxuries of life. Deprived of any one even slightly, we
believe ourselves at our rope’s end. Perhaps that is
because we have never looked around to see what
destitution, poverty, and unhappiness are. Or haven’t
we dared to'.l
if there is the least bit of human kindness left in
this mercenary world for those who are less fortunate
than we, who find themselves deprived of the bare
essentials of living, who see nothing but a bleak future;
we hope it exists among the students of State, and is
put to such use as will make some group believe the
world is not so bad as it seems. Sacrifice if you must
at this time. but let us think of something more serious
than u carefree college life and help yourself justify
your luxurics by lirst helping those less fortunate
than you.

ONLY EIGll'l‘EFN MORE DAYS
Eighteen more days to Mar Years with all its reso-
lutions and many rash promises. Eighteen more days
to a new year with its prospects and its problems. To
some it will just be another opportunity lo celebrate;
to others it will mark a great period in their lives.
Either way it may be. the News extends its best wishes
for a happy and prosperous New Year to Stiiic college.

 

BOOKS: Thirteen Tales Written by

A Romantic Medievalist.
G.M.U.
(For Sale in the 00-01))

 

 

 

Selected Short Stories of Sinclair Lewis. Doubleday.
llorun aml (‘ompuny, New York, 1033. Itlti pages.
$2.50.

This oiic volume contains the first collection of short
stories Sinclair Lewis cicr allowed to be jilillllSllt'Il.

 

THE STATBMAN

Director Names
Committees and

 

Cast for Plays

 

 

We’re all better now, or at least
we think so—and along that line we
notice some other people not looking
so well. it must be Dan Cupid again.
We never thought our junior presi-
dent would becoine dc serious type

. . with Winter here once more,
charlie seems to be in a zealous
mood; even if it is only it dance
combination, it’s pretty good . .
and tell us, is knox infuriated at
this point . . the bus ride from
ii. 1’. I. also helped our friend Dan,
not to mention friends Irwin, Bar-
rington, and Ryan .4 . . R. I’. I. may
have come out on top with the
basketball but even greek cheerleaders
don’t fiize some of our tall, dark
and handsoincs . . . freshmen do make
good dancing instructors . . . they
l‘cll us our cheer leader has become a
new-man, and now has the fore-
nnin’s position . . . again they stray
but maybe ruth is becoming young
again . . . two former hard-to-get
boys gave their thumbs an airing
after ii rich vacation, but their
identity was recognized by some of
their confederates . . . the dorm ad-
vertises another dance, will it be
another mixer or will they have a
grab-bag this time . chei's says
he is through practice teaching but
we wondcr if he isn’t just starting
to practice on the teacher . . . and
then the blondc swede seems to be
going in for making further plays,
maybe she can cook, sew. etc. . .
predictions favor the alumni for
sat. nitc, we predict that an old
cheese is better than a new one . . .
So Dexter comes to harbow once
more . . . The French and the lrish
can’t gel together these days—e
Iii-unis l’atrick is snowed in up in
the north country and baker
came in half-baked the other night.
warm places he visits . . . ask Millic
how she likes being prcxy; u lot of
the other members were worried too
. thcy sin early pai'lmgs will
feature the christmas pariics. will
there be early arrivals loo . . . the
girls are planning post mortcms . . .
iiinl as our parting greeting, harry,
harry, crislnms . . .

'l'IIE .\l.\.\' til" S'I‘A'I'E

Three of Faculty
Edit High School
English Textbook

A new textbook, entitled “Senior
English for Everyday Use” written
by lir. ' R. liriibacher, president,
Miss Kaincrine E. Wheeling, assist-
ant pi'ot’cssoi of English, and Mrs.
Mary ()sbornc iryaut, instructor in
English, has just becn published by
lhc ('harlcs E. Merrill (.‘oinpany.
The chi is “written to meet, as far
as a text may meet: them, the instruc-
tional dcnninds oi’ the new expanded
and diversified course of sludy in

 

it includes lhii'lccu of his lulcs dating from lull in

tnkcll.

“(‘osiiiopolilnii_” “liedhook.” “Nation,” and llliii‘l‘S.

reader for n meditative period out of proportion to its
i

‘scepticitl cyc’. “. . . they are .so

reads them with n
optimistic, so lainlalory.
large bulky Ami-ricans ui'c going lo do something. and
do it quickly and hpr the whole world by doing it.”
Some of Mr. l.c\vis‘ liilcs indicate in thcmsclvcs ihc
lhemo of thc narrative. "Spot-d”, appearing in the
"lied llook” in lillil is a siillicicnt title for the
motorist who is bi'caking lhc l'ccoi'd from San Fran-
cisco to New York, meets a New England girl chronic
and iiuii'i‘ics her with half a miuatc to spare, " ’l‘hings "
is a sharp reminder that mulcrial possessions are no
guarantee of happiness. In "(to East, Young Man".
ilic young man i'cinrns from l'aris resolutely sci lor
a cili‘cci' in Zenith as n i‘i'illllil‘.

In “l.cl’s l'lay lying”, a i‘ullu-I' silly, biil amusing
story, ibc charming actors Iii-\cr said nuyihing lull
they “ silm-nlcd, chuckled, lilln'd. giispcd, sluii'lcd, sight-d,
and ynnimcrcd ".

To continue in part than this slin‘y: “ Now iii-ssh-
was not lo-auill'nl. Sin- had it hard boilcdcgg torchcad
and u IluI iron jaw. which harmonized with her milk-
can voice to i‘nliipow u «loan-sin Sl\llI|IiIil||_\'. Nor was
ihibbii 'l'iiii, llii' all his dashing .ill', on Apollo. liul,
'l'ci'i'y. ugcd SI\. was n freak of beauty.”

Mr. l.c\\i«' sliol‘l stories arc of lhc same treatment
as “ Main Street " and " Work of .\rl ”, although much
shallower m conlcnl: Inrilici'niorc, lhcy Mic iIIll
laiidatory or optimistic. Naturally tin-y are shown
here in all ihcir disadvantages i'thcr than to Ilicii'
plii'ptisc,

It appears ilml Mr, l.cwis sci-ms to be content with
a simple and conventional lcchnitpie cvcii lli his better
work, yet he is always anmzingly alive. A i'ci‘liilli
iinportam-c must be given them for their historical
perspective in his satirical pictures of Amci'iciin
loikwnys. ’I'o Mr, Lewis the. short story is not an
art form, but, 'a cotcrlainmcnt form.

 

I-laglish in the last two years of

iillil, all of which i'.\'ploil lhc \‘obcl l’rizc winner’s.in sccoildni'v school."

lcssci' ipmlilics. Since these short siol'iI-s sccm liiiii Misc Iloltin '1‘, li‘nv inniingcr of
to be M'i'lulhl)’ iucani, they need mil bc scrioiislyiihc t'o-op, lulcrsororil’v council thc
, Evidently, the author kcycd down his liliulllll'o op, and Albanv iil‘t“llii'lllllilli'll bv
dcbiicralcly for these magazine I'caturcs. .1ppcnl'illg iii§(‘|.,-i§1..,.|...r _\[.,,-|[.V i” M‘. |,.,,,.,. ,1,
such publications as "The Saturday Evening l'o.~i.",\Iic-_,- 1";va \\'j|it'l| f5 WIN-int.“ 1,. 1|...

.
,book as an example of a note of

'l'hc disarming inirmluction by Mr, lll‘\\l\ delays theilllHllll-‘I l“ Ill“ “will”? “'1 it‘ll"? “'I'll'

ing. ’l'o lllllill‘ in part from lhc

bt'evily. To his slorics earlier lhnn Illiill. lhc :liillioi‘1l"ll"l'v Willch in Will: “l’nrlicu-
'u

l. 'lv i shall ncvcr l’orgct ll" dc-

'l‘hcy are so ccriain thaiilll-il'llill' I“'l’ll":l “I! “Ill-i"? Millliil’H

sanctum. . Again and again
i do thunk you for many iindcrslnnd
ing bencvolcnccs and i hope you will
let Frank llcnry and me assist the
,(‘o op in any way in our power. . . .
,\\'ilh all best wishes to you all, and
la rcncwcd homage to all the coniclv
jun-nibcrs oi’ the l‘ouncil.” '

i Semester Cards

In a special noiicc lo the sludcui~
\Ii-s l-Ilizabcth \'iin I)cnbnrgh. rcgi»
IiI'nr. announced lhnl all cards for
jiIIt‘ Sl‘l'illlli St'llll'Sll‘l' Hillel lIc liiicd
but by I:tili o’clock today. and Iilcd
in lhc ollicc ol the registrar.

'l'hc llllllt't‘ udiiscs lliill lhc calds

 

must be printed. (‘lass sci-lions must
iiol be changed without lhc conscnl
of thc registrar. Sludcnis in Eng
llsh i\ and illiillll‘iliilill'S |.\ must
i‘r-gislt'i' i'ili' i'til'l'i'slnillllllig Si‘l'iillll‘
of English ill and mathematics ill
or vice \i'l'Sil. English .‘3 and hi
gicnc :iliI-I'niilc on the scln-dulc.‘

PARTY TO BE TONIGHT

The Library School club will con-
diicl a (‘hi'islmns party in lllc
Lounge of iiichardsoa hall Inlilghl
at 7:190 o’clock. The program will
include gamcs and reI'rcsliini-nts.

 

3. Must Be on File,

must be written in ink, and uaincs‘

Miss Agnes E. Fiitterer, assistant
professor of English, has selected the
casts for the three one-act plays
to be presented by the Elementary
Dramatics class on Tuesday, Janu-
ary 21. Miss Futtercr has also
iiiiiiied the committees which will be
in charge of the productions.

The cast for “Birthday,” a circus
play by Mrs. Julia B. Carson, gradu-
ate student, includes: Margaret
Hot and Charles MeConville, seniors;
Charles Matthews and lrwin Stinger,
juniors; Juliet Dibble, Dorothy
Hunter, Jean Lichenstciii, Marjory
l’angburn, and Nestor Price, sopho-
mores.

The cast for “At Marc’s Head,” a
tragedy by Marjorie \\'heaton, ’36,
consists of: George Gleason, ’37;
Elizabeth Daniels and l.‘orothy
Hauer, sophomores.

The following students will take
part in Lisa llaniboia’s farce “ A
Man Should Have a \‘vifc”: Eudora
Farrell, ’36; John Rooney and Eil-

ward Saboi, juniors; Elizabeth
Appltaloorn, Audi'cv liurlinghum,

Marion liurns, "uni Dittman, Leslie,
Knox, l<'lorence Nelbach. Janice
Nicrmnn, Mildred Nightingale. \‘crna
'l'honipson, Sara thlan. and
Florence anrcs, sophomores; and
liex Finstcr, ’Jitl.

iiilph lioiiil‘ace. gruduale student,
is chairman of the sets and lights
committee. He is assisted by
Lucille ('hirk, l’anl Iliilman. and
Muriel lioldberg, sopilomoi'cs. assist-
ant chairim-n; and (:crahlinc Mc-
Nci‘ilcy. '34}, l'harles Matthews and
lrwin Stinger, juniors; Elizabeth
Appcldooi'n. llorolhy lllilllcl‘, Leslie
Knox. Floi'i‘ilct- .\'clbach. aml .Ianice
.\‘icrman. soplioiiitii‘cs.

Elizabeth Smith, ’iih'. is chairman
of props. Miss Smith is assisted by
assistant chairmen Anni- liund, ’.‘i7.
and l‘ilcunoi' l)u liols and .\larjorie
('i'ist. sophomores: and ('linrlcs Mc-
(‘ouvilhu ’30. Elizabeth l'hc\:ilicr,
'1sz and Janet liibblc. .lcan Lichen-
.siein. Sara \\'liclan. Sophie \\'ol/.ok',
and Florence ani'es, sophomores.

llcstci' l’i'lcc, ’IiS. is in chargi- ol'
coslnmc. Miss l‘i'icc is assisted by
assistant chairmen l“i'iilli'l‘> lilllil‘ll,
Florenci- liingrosc. and Elizabeth
\\'cstovcr, and Audrey lini‘lingham,
Marion lilii'iIS. Josephine l'yphci',
Elizubcth llanii-ls. Mary Mci'lnng,
:lllil Marjory l’nnghuru. sophomores.

liuth Schurick. ’:;s. is chairman of
lhc house commiiicc. Miss Schui'lck
is assisted by Eudora Farrell. 'Jld;
Doris .\|lllt'l‘Slill. Margaret icrg,
Dorothy l'uin, lloi'olhy llaIn-I'. l‘lsihci'
llolzw'oi'lh, Mildred Nightingale. aml
Verna 'l'hompson, sophomores,

Charlotte l.ibman. 'iiS. is in charge
of advertising. Miss l.ibman'.~ cone
mitlec is composed of Margaret llol'.
’liti; .lollii liooiicy, ’37; and licnciicve
(‘orbin. llclcn (Ii-ccnc. 'I'hclma
SluitZt-l, and Jean Shaver. sopho.
mores.

 

jCOMMUNlCATlONSj

Editor S'ri'ri: (‘oi.i.I-'oi: NEWS:

My classuullc's communicaiion in
last wcck's .\'il'.\\'n' is a bil open lo
ctii'i'ei'lioil.

i agree with lillii in ~o far as the
nccd for a boiler regulation of our
o\c1'»obliging and cullmsiuslic spouts
is coucci‘ncd iilllll hc iii-gins to
classify lhc liichnrdson hull loun-
luins as modcvn. l maintain lhcy
arc i'lilSSlt'iil; for ihough they arc
undoubtedly nc~l|iclic in tin-ii line
lo look uI, ycl llicy lull somewhat
short in moi/cm pi'aciicahly.

l Icconimcud the carrying about
of Hilililni')’ ~ll'il\\.~ for those who
would li~c lhc Iiichardson drinking
1 fountains.

j What lhc well-meaning senior
‘i't‘lili_\' wants is the met hauling of
all of State’s fountains.

; .\.\‘o'i'm-:a Si-JNitili

 

 

i

, l'idlloi' S'rx'rr: ('()I.I.i'.tiiz .\r.\\.~.:

This will probably rcsnll only in
in waste ol’ ink, pnpci'. and lime; but
iwhai will ever be donc aboul the,
:pupci' Iowcls, water and soap in lin:
gii‘ls' washroom .’ I'cl‘hnps l
ishultldii'l object to ihc Witil‘l', for
that part of this lllllliil which is
lacking in some faumls aniblcs con-
iiiuioiisly i’roiii ollnis. Finding hot
walcr is :i noch cxpcricncc. Soap is
sometimes present, but wind to do
with wet hands! Should one just
ignore lhcil' inoislucss, or wove them
frantically on lhe way to class to
hasten Ihc process of cvnpornlion,l

A S()l’li()l\i(iltE

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, DECEMBER 13, 1935

 

Page 3

 

Varsity Loses
30-20 To R.P.l.

Students Form Cheering Squad
for Purple and Gold Five
at Troy Court

 

Despite the support of ii cheering
«squad of about 100 students, the
“State basketball squad met ii defeat

of 30-20 at the hands of the Reus-
sciacr Pol'tcchiiie institute five
Saturday night on the R.l’.l. court.

From the minute the hall was put
into play, the game was fast-moving
and hard-fought. The Purple and
Gold squad succeeded in scoring the
ﬁrst field goal when John Ryan
netth the ball with ii long shot
from right center court. The score
remained close until the last minutes
of the first half when Gerald Aniyot
was forced out of the game with
an injured leg. The State line-up
was then changed with Leonard
Welter taking the guard position.
and Richard Margisou replacing him
at center, but nevertheless the li.’l’.l.
five had chalked up a tlu‘ec-luiskct
lead at the end of the hull with the
score board reading lei-B.

With the opening of the second
half, Amyot enlered the game again
somewhat physically handicapped.
The State machine proved ineffective
for several minutes in checking the
ll.l’.i. offensive which increased the
opponents’ lead to seven baskets.
With about seven minutes to play
the l’iirplc and Hold snccccdcd in
nclling three baskets at the hands
of (il'()l',‘_','(‘ llancrofi. .\m‘vol. and
Duke llcrshkowilz. but :11 tile final
gun. li.l’.|. was still leading 1:020.

liuncrol‘t, Welter and liyan were
tied for high scores with five points
each. 'l’owcrs of li.l’.l. lcd ihc op-
ponents in scoring with a total of
nine points. Williams was ici'crcc.

t'ommenling on ihc uililii', l'oach
(iocwcy attributed the defeat oi hi-
leuui to Amyol’s disability, and the
hick of experienced liiilli‘l‘liii. lian-
ci'ol’i. czipliiin. Weller and .\Iu_vol
are \clcran llil'llilli'l'~. llow'cvcr. hc
intimated that this gnnn- will spur
the melt on to more (‘ii||<i~lcill play-
ing and will in all probability lead
lo the clinching of fului'c \icloi'ics.

The line-ups are as follows:

Sliili' l'wlll‘ﬂi‘

1!. 1p tp
liancrofi, r. f. 1 i 
liyan. l. I'. i .“. p
Weller, c, L‘ l o
Mill'gisoii. c. o n it
Amon. r. g. l I it
iii-rshkowilz. l. g i ll 2

’l'olai 7 «2 ‘..'II
li.l‘l.

ll Ip [p
l'nivi-rs. r. l'. :'. 5'. ‘.I
||o\oy, r, 1', I o ‘_'
Levonian. l. i'. '.' II >I
\\':islc,\'. l ' i ll 
Mili'l'hwlvi's, I'. - 3 tr
lilli'o_\||i~, c. H II o
,\l;invil|c. i' i: i l i'.
Slim-m. r ;.'. o u o
l.ncniii:.l ;.' '.’ H I
SaI'IoI'd. i g. u u II

Total |'_' Ii Iii)

SI-oi'c :il l'llli ol' lil'~| li,IiI' Sluic, S:
li.l',l.. II.

The Slulc college Iii-shown. phi)
ing lhc pl‘t’llllllll:ll_\ to the \iil~|l_\
game. :il-o lili'l dclcnl llzi- lmnd~ oi

lhc |i.|'.l. I'rcshnn-n by :1 willi‘ oi'
:B‘J-ili. Mngglclon was high «om I'oi
Sliilc with :l lotnl oi |i\c lllr§l|l~
l'nsli-Ihiuo was rcl'crcc.

'l'hc i'rcshman lmc up wits zi~

follows:
Slulc l'i'cshnn'n
H. II 1p
ls-hnmn. r. f. i ll 2
Amyoi. r ' o i |
'l'iil'i'i'liS, l i II I I
llol‘nu. l i‘ u i j
Ailiiiillcluil. l'. L.‘ l .i
i’oi'clnu, r I' u o o
llurd. I' a o i ]
lpmiirocciu, r. g, o o o
lltihll‘_\, | 1 ll  
\\'.ilko. I a ll _ _
'l‘olnl I i i.)
ll l‘l I-‘i’: shun-n

I‘ll lli I|I
Fuzloln, i i I'. II t,
i\'vil_v. l' I‘ :1 u I
\ianilci I i H i I
yll‘llli. | I i n .
l'assnno. l, l' J H i
iii-yliolds, c I n :1
_’\cl.~on, I' I ll r,
\la~.~vr. l' g I ll 3
\HoIoris, r g I o _
lil‘imhs, i ;.‘. '_’ u I
'l‘olai ii 1 3n

Scori- at half: Stair. S lii’l, 1‘:
TO CONDUCT MATINS
'l'hc \onng Women’s t'lu'i~lian
association will conduct a illi‘l~lliiuS
unitins sci'vicc Iii the I.onngc ol
liicluii'dson hall, on Friday moining
ill b:llll U’i‘iin‘k. \llrs l'iiiilii ll.
Wallace, assistant pioi'cssoi' oI l.itlli|.
is the guest spcakcl' Till lln- on

   

Gilbert DeLaura, ’33, Roger Bancr

 

 

SPORT SHOTS

 

 

 

liisastcr! (‘aiasiropln-l the pick-
pushcrs from our adjoining \illngc
caught up with the boys. \\'e are
sorry to be correct in a prciliciion
fora change. liancroi't is right. We
ought to have another at ‘cm latcr.
Who can lcll‘.’ I
Thinking it over, 30—20 is practi—
cally a moral victory for us if we
could believe the R. P. I. presis agents.
They ain’t so much. Who do they
think they are? Anyway?
'I‘ln- loyal supporters of the purple
and gold will wander down to l‘agc
Ibis \\cck-cnd lo we llIc ghost.» of
tho dcad pa~l haunting lhc floor.
The alumni iiic will be Si'it‘l‘li‘ii ii‘olu
all those honored graduates who can
still sipicczc ilil'il‘ hip~ through the
gym door.
Despite their advanced years and
softness due to high living, the cx-ed
slaves usually manage to give our
contemporaries a strennoua struggle.
In oidci' to mnkc llic Si‘ilSllll‘r
balling :iicl‘agc look l‘t‘Slll‘l'iillllt'. we,
\cmnrc lhusly: Stale lit} ()1in
\lcn'~ Home :39, .\s close as lliul.
\lt‘llill' i‘losi'i'.

 

 

Men to Conduct
Meet i

Swimming ,

The men's athletic ussocinlion will:
conduct an inlcr class swimming;
mch at the Jewish (‘ommuuifvj
l‘ciili'i' iii-x1 \‘I‘i'li. 'l‘his \\ill iit' coii 
dncicd iii connection with the infra”,
mural swimming program which husl,
lawn in progress this fall on Monday:
\\'cdncsd:ty and 'l'hiirsdny :iI'li-riioonsj
l'I‘IiiIi ltiill Iii li:llll o'i'lin‘k. Frank:
liniwliucyi-v, '30, will complclc iii",
rulichm-nls for lhc lill‘I‘l, and the,
[late and time will be announced in,
asst-mva this morning. [

The events which will bc includcdl,
in the llll‘i'l are fill and 1”” yard
dashcs, Fill vard backstroke, .‘iu _\':tl'di
lu'cusislrokcl, lﬁil yard medley rut-c.i
‘inil ‘JIIII yard inlci‘chiss relay l'Ili'I‘.‘
.\ diving conlcsl will also bc inclnnlcd
u~ing the one llll'll‘l' board.

‘wards; and

 

oft, '34, and Clifford Rail, '35, ex-varsiiy men who will return tomorrow
for the annual alumni basketball game.

FORMER CAPTAINS TO RETURN TOMORROW

  

Meelian Will Be

Junior Chairman

Class Vice-President Will Head
Committees for Activities
February 21 and 22

. __..____.
Thomas Meehan, ’37, will be gen-
eral chairman of the annual junior
week-cad activities to be conducted
Friday and Saturday, February 21
and 22, Alice Allard, junior presi-
dent, has announced. Mechan is vice-
presidcnt of the class. Junior activi-
ties will include the Prom on Friday
night and the luncheon and tea
dance on Saturday. The class of
1937 will elect a Prom queen this
your, continuing the. precedent started
by the class of 1934.

(‘liiire Leonard will be chairman
of tea dance, Meehan stated today.
tie-chairmen for junior luncheon will
be John Done and Elizabeth Mcury.
Mechan has named the following

 

Freshmen to Face

Crowded Schedule
Before Vacation

Still lighting to gel on the,
winning sidc of tho St'lll‘t‘ board. the
freshman basketball team will coil-
limic its cxlcnsin- and dillicnll
scheduli- tonight on the l’age hull
court when they will be llllSlS of
lhc Noll 'l'ei‘i‘iicc High school squad
lit-raid

cxpccis his

of Schcucclzidy. t'oacll
.\m,voi. Tn}, also
ncophylc baslu-lccrs to win over the
Schenectady ('olh-giatc l'ciiici‘ «plin-
lci tomorrow night in the pre-
liminaiy game lo the annual
:iliininiwnrsiiy ~l|||;_'L.'ii'.

The starting lincrup I'oI' lhc gnmc
Friday night will include; .loscph
\Ingglcioli, ni ccnln-i': lo-ovgc
.\In\ol. and l'arl'oll |.chmann. Ioi‘»
‘ .\lll'llill‘i \lulko and
Joseph lioslcy. guard» \\Ilimm
'l'oi‘i'cus. l\'ciiiiclh lloi'nn. Mci'i'ill
lliii'tl, and Frank t,lii:itii'm-Iii will see
actiic service in the game, Slight
variations will be mudc I'or lbc
line up in tomorrow's gamc.

in the prclimimiry to the lirock-
port Normal wielo 'l'hursduy. ihc
Ircshmcu will batllc \\ilii lili' quin-
(ct lrom Albany liusincss collcg‘c.
and on Friday night the Lansingbnrg
lligh Si‘lltltli lcum is c\pcclcd to
~llil‘l‘l' dclcul ‘I' the lliillilS ol- lllc
lli“~illll|'l| «In;

ANNOUNCES VACATION
(‘lu'islnms \acalion will bcg'ili Fri~
duv. llm-t-Iiibcr :30. :11 3:05 o‘clock.
ii-coiding to \li»~ l‘:il/.illll'iil \hil
Ilcnbuigh. i’i‘;_'l~l|:Ii'. l'lasscs will hc
resumed Tuesday, January 1.

S: It) n't‘liu'lx.

ANNOUNCES TEA

The third Lounge tea for the fall

E~cnsoii will be Wednesday. at ii:Ifi

o’clock. Mary 1.:im. Iii. t'ildll'lliiill oi
Ilic Loungc l'llllllllliit'l‘ ~Iulcil Iodny,
\li~~ Muignicl Halves, a~~i»lunl
prim-“oi oi illllii dc\clopi|o-|il. will

Iiiilll'.

committees for Prom: music, Robert

 

 

 

Geo. D. Jeoney, Prop.

Boulevard
and

l98~200 CENTRAL AVENUE

Dial 5-1913
“ 5-9212

Cafeteria

Grill

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

Eugene——$5,

Beauty

WiLlil‘ll.M STRECK, l’iopi‘ieloi

 

ciisitiil.

 

BILL’S BARBER SHOP
& BEAUTY PARLOR

52 ROBIN S’l‘.
Permanent Waving'-—~Nestles, Fredrick (vita-tonic) and

$7 and $7.50

Croquignole, Spi'ai or Combination Waves
Specializing in Hair-bobbing, Personality Bob and All

Serviccs

Men's and Ladies’ Hair-Cutting, 35 Cents

Residence 4-5653

G.A.A. FLASHES

Murgison; decorations, Virginia
Stool, chairman. James Beale, Rob-
Cl'i Macllrcgor. and Elizabeth Stude-
baker: bids, llarry (linnacr, chair-
man, (‘athcrinc .liimbu, Elizabeth

 

 

The fall awards
last. Aren’t wc

puckered brow s. ha

those letters to n

Vii, dear children.
illilllt".

\\‘cdl|c~dii)'

~opliomoi‘cs 2.‘Ii :32}.
(ill\\'llll|g’ ihe l'I'cshii
games initialed a

March.

sipmd illl'llllil'll
liaylord. Lawton. l
Schmilz. and \\;I~
was high scorer.
in the junior
l'ampbcll. IJuMonI.
\loii'i~.

iii-shnmn ~ipnol
l'iilgil, l“il"'.i I l _‘..

limb. and ileum.

The basketball season is upon us
with over a hundred at tin-
practice. and. with iiflccn games
scheduled. it promises to be ii line-y
Si'iiS‘tIll. 'l‘hc lrcslmicn have some
good maicrial and
llIliSlil~iii. Watch out, you sophs.

crossed hockey sticks. soccer balls,
and what have you!

If you Sl‘l' council members going
around with ink-stained fingers and

They :il'c in lhc midst of willing
distant llonoi‘ ('ouncil liit'illill'l'S.

Why do those girls go oiil to lhc
Hi'chard on \\'cdnc

 

Seniors, Juniors
' E c " «k.
w!“ Infra-Murals I'll'liii( publicin commitlce for the

night’s
basketball gaincs opciicd the season. “huh-“NH”
"’“l ‘l"'“'"l ill“ “‘“l”"-‘ l"|'|'”'i—’ Ill" Sireicll. Frederick Stunt. and James

The senior ~I|llilll inclndcd iakci'.
llcclu'i'. lliliioin. llllllllll‘Slllll. lltll‘ll-
nicycr. llucllciic. and Zaimicri. wiib
[locker and llui'dmcycl' lcadingr lin-
scoring. 'l'hc opposing sophomore

Arthur.

Sniiol. illlll
posed the sipind wiih llulilnm and
Moriis leading lhc ~I'Iil'l'l‘~. 'l'hc

l'cpcr. l’oicino. Sul-

li‘lh \\l'l|' high scorers,

Morozowski. ainl Charles Morris;
“rs, invitations, liosenliu‘y Dickinson,
chairman. aiul Frances McVeigh;
chapcroncs. i-Iloisc Shearer, chair-
man. Lula llull‘cy. and Mary Lani;
floor, l-‘rcd licxicr. chairimin, and
lionahl lit-Scrio; refreshments, Fred-
erick Ilyrncs. chairman. .loliii liooney,
and Agnes 'l'orrcns; taxis, Alonzo
llli.\lolll', «piccn arrangements,
Ilorothy listi'andcr. chairnmn, and
l’hyllis ’l'uckci‘.

The following committees will as.
~i~l Miss l.coii:li‘d with tea dance:
music. l-liclyn llamann; bids,
('lini'lcs Mailhcws, cluiiriimn, 'I‘homas
lii'i't‘ll, and Mary lliirbow; refresh-
illt‘iilS. liaiph \'anllorn. chairman,
l.csicr linbin. and lrwin Stinger;
floor. Edward llulihan: taxis,
'l'homas iarrington; chapcroncs,
.\nnc liand. chairman. Elsa Smith,
and liclcn Mcliowan; invitations,
Edward Sabol, chairman, and Helen

plenty of ca-

havc arrived at
proud of ihosc

\c pin on them.

ii the past and

sdny afternoons?
they don’t pick

Murphy,

km lilecn

llll‘iiitlt'S .lohn
llclen (‘lyilc,

liili‘d mural \\,.,.|\-.,.,,.|

and the juniors \‘nlhlurlnnd,
“'1' 33 ll- Him“ The orchestras for the dances and
“'W" “1 mm" the ballroom will be announced in

“WWI "“HlV‘l‘ 1" “’“lll'l'” “ill” the ncar future, Mcchan stated today.

 

llilliniin.
l'liricn. lioilcnryx
St'l'lllilil. Sclmiilz

 
 
  
   
 

l‘I'i-slinnin gamc.
llnlihan. Mm-hnn.
\\ uI'I‘i-Ii coili-

 

excretion
‘ O PTIC IANS;
FR E D ETTE S
65 Columbialw’dwrotm Pea/1

 

illl'illlil'li llui'ilil.

lioi'nn and ‘I oi”-

 

 

Albany, N. Y.

 

“EVERYTHING MUSICAL”

The Modern Music Shop
86 North Pearl Street
Sheetmusic, playerrolls, records, etc.
Midget Radios $1.00 per week

Tel. 3-9500

 

 

leather 5 When

have a third of

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

These special school and college roll
tickets, with their liberoiexiendod re-
tumlimitaoreinnnenselypopularwiih
and a great saving to students and
buck after Christmas, buy one and

lore. When Spring Holidays come,

ASSOCIATED EASTERN RAILROADS

you Can use the return coupon to
travel home again or use it at close
of school.

The ticket agent in your own town,
or any railroad passenger repre.
tentative can give you full details
regarding retina limits, stop'ovsr
privileges, priest, etc.

you're ready io Come

the regular Norway

the Sole Way It the Railway

 

 

 

 

 

 

