STATE COLLEGE

'State College Nest

Established by the Class of 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State College for Teacher:

THE NEWS BOARD
Editors-in-Chief

E. WILLIAMS

RUTII VAN LEUVAN
680 lllndlson Avenue. 2-3266

Lake Avenue. 2-4314

DA.\'
117 South

Associate Managing Editors
EMMA A. Rota-:Its KAIII. D. Eltlilts
680 Mndlnan Avenue. 2-0200 117 Smith Lake Avenue. 2-4314
Advertising Manager
WILLIAM M. DAvuIGc
3 Enragna Place

Finance Manager
CAROLvN SlHONl-ZT
21 North ltlaln Avenue. 2-41-l-t
THE NEWS STAFF
Feature Edflar
GLENN M. UNtiIeiuait
41.1 Washington Avenue 5-1847

Circulation [Manager
M ILnItI—zn FACER
53o

Sport: Editor
FRANK J. l-IAItnmzven
56 llcrtba Street. 34896
ScNIoa ASSOCIATE Elm-(ms

ltiitli lidnmmls. 'Jii
JUNIOII ASSOCIATE Encroas
Phyllis “DﬂWtwtll. 'lltl

Etna Cnlltluti. '30
SuI'IIoMouI: DESK

lletly ﬂooding

Florence Ellen. '35 Mary Hudson, ‘36

Helen Smlth. '35
Ruth Gllloapy, ’35 Martha Martin, '30
Einroas
Fred Dexter
Rulert MIIrglson Virginia Stocl
ii: llartinan. Dorothy Mi '4: .5- e
’riglit. seniors; Rina ‘ ll
. llnl ‘
._ n (Ly llanumu. .
_ l\c§llucr, Dorothy Kiipp. Lois Rraus.
MI ‘6'. bn 'ftlnrphy. Mary l’lnnlt, Annabelle Rcctl.
l‘hyllis Vcnmlye. sophomores.
A . STAN‘I‘ .'\1I\’I£lt’l'lsl.\'tt MANAoia
Evelyn lIIIInnIIn, '87
ASSISTANT FINANCE MANAGERS
Mary Cllckman, '30 Florence

I ' cart-I

'l‘nto. '36

 

associated gillgiatt fines
amwmm ms s

 

Published every Friday in the college year by the Editorial Board representing
theﬁtudent Assoctntion. Subscriptions. $2.25 per year. single copies. ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as second class matter at post-
ofﬁce. Albany. N. Y.

' 'l'be Newsaloes not necessarily endorse sentiments expressed in contributions.
No communications wtll be printed unless the writers' names are left with the Edi-
tor-In-Cluef of the NEWS. Anonymity will be preserved if so desired. The News
dees not guarantee to print {my or all ' '

PRINTED nv Four ORANGE Pacss. Inc.. ALIIANv. N. Y.
\'ol. xtx, No. 22 May .i. 1035 .'\|bany,ui\'

 

 

LET US PROCEED \\"l'l‘ll CARE
_\Vitbin the last two months. it has bccn tit-'1“ .
lion awakening to the irrcgiilaritiI-s in its governmental structure and proposi-
and pass remedial Inc tires to :Idcquatcl adjust such conditions. Now. more
changes achcting the slttllt. Myskauia. wbicli would radically cbangc Ihc make-up
of that traditional body. havc bccn placed beforc “10 student body.

For cightccn y ' '. Myskania has been composed of seniors who have bccn
'oulstanding in est Irricnlar activities in their Ihrcc ycars' at State. ’l‘ht- c '
tion of its members II s been in thc bands of a group devoid of group and politii
futltticllts and should remain so to provide the balance whct-l of Statc (Tollcgc poli Ls.

The student association clccts one body by popular vote to ir‘ ' Il.‘ :Irlivt-
business. Myskania is now the judicial guardian of State's constitution. and. as
such. should not be forced to catcr to the body t't's‘pnns‘iblc for its selection.
group cntircly free from pclly politics. rcsponsiblc .' ,. to its own sense of
justice aiul duty. cnfiflcd to thc rcspcct only an appoinch body can command, is
the only fit organization to snpcrvisc State's activities. Should \vc so lightly
reorganize this traditional institution?

At present. the student body can clcct four mcmbt-rs by popular votc. If this
number is incrcascd to eight. deserving juniors who have laborcd industriously
for three years may lose their lilttcc on this body to others who have done less
but possibly l we a larger following of the mass votc. Such an occurrence \vnuld
wrcck the l ground and purposc of Myskania.

The student ssociation is to bc connncndcd on its rcawakcncd intcrcst in its
atlairs but let it proceed with careful slcp in ordcr not to wrcclt its traditional
structure.

'ing to mm the student associa-

IS 60% Tim l.()\V?

The proposed "(AV/i" rcsolnlion will again bc brought before the student asso-
ciation this morning. If it is passcd today. in its present form. it will have little
beneﬁcial effect in general Iilllt‘l‘ than the possible elimination of one or two
activities. This year. almost sixty per cent of the student body paid their student
tax and it is likely that those who have supported the budget this year Would
also support it next year. This would not aid thc situation in regard to the other
forty per cent. who, because not favoring all the itcms. rch u to support any.
To make this amendment advantageous to the student cciation, any appro-
priation allowed in the budget should have at lcast a sweaty per cent signc
support of next ycar's sophomores, juniors. and seniors. This would require
each activity to acquire ninety more supporters. and any which can not gain this

Mercer Street. 2—6533

Aubrey Kalhnuzh. 'B 6

llnrry Gumner

N ZWS, MAY 3. 1935

THE STATESMAN

 

vacation . . some to rest up .
others to study . . and each brings
his or her own tale of his or her doings
. . , exaggerated or otherwise .
cupid has been busy with his arrows
several have or are about to take this
last step . . some weird tales of hap-
penings in Albany during vacation arc
about . . what happened to that shccp.
boys . (. l). 1'. bad a bous clean-
ing. so Frank say. when is that
letter going to arrive in Albany from
the far west . . wonder if Dean Ncl-
son got that balloon home safely from
the soircc without breaking it . it's
Brother Danahy now . . maybe she
will learn to stop breaking lamps . .
perfectly innocent things don't look innu-
ccnt when others read them says a fair
red-beaded damsel of State . . . they
say there were no bottles at the soircc
. . . o'clock rulc forced malty
of the boys to do other things to spend
the morning . . . Jayne likcd the cigar
parade . . it's “two bcer" liakcr now
. . . many are thc hearts that will bcad
out of town tonight Sliabcn's an-
tics at the lioircc made the dance coni-
plctc everybody is working hard
now . . . elections are coming . .
hopc you didn't think | IIIcaIIt school
work . . (’ieorgc can't go on any more
New York trips says mic . . . does
anyone want to buy a duck . . it's
back again at (:80 , . . Doris bad a man
on her hands downtown tlu- other day
. another pin has returned to its
owner thereby telling its oivn sad story
. as has another State romance . . .
times do change . wonder how Inany
dichrcut names tbcrc will be for spring
fcvcr on excuses this 'car . . . 'eb
l'll sec yuh on the front campus. loo.
THE MAN OF S'I‘A'I'IC

 

 

ANNOUNCES ENGAGEMENT

Alpha Rho sororin announcc lhc cu-
gagctncit of Margarct lCmIna Rii
Till, to Vcrnon ll incs (.‘ornclius of Li
iIIgsloIIvillc. Mis's Richard has been
fcaclilng in Clydc High school for the
past five ycars. 'l'hc marriagc will take
place in the snmincr.

\Vcll. the horde has returned from its

Sophomore, Junior
Class Elections

To Be Next Week

The classes of l‘)3(I and I937 have an
dnctcil nominations for next yc s senior
and junior rcspcctivcly. ﬁlo will
conduct its elections Monday at l_’:tltl
o'clock noon in room Zflt) of Draper ball,
and '37. Tuesday noon in ‘ im lilo.

Nominees for next ycar's senior offi-

Ricbard .\

I5 Nlll-
lcadui‘. l'ranccs

l-
dcni association song Snub--
l '.
he nominccs of I‘M? arc as follows:
l‘rcsidi'nl. Alicc Allard. Itobrit “I'llt'lllt‘l.
' ' ’ ' um

iivprcsi-n
llal'lou.

Ioi .. I
St tgt'l'. Janlcs \‘.

'Issocintion t'lli'Il' l1"lllt' uomcn'~.
incns‘. r' s II‘

I - .
dcm ttssin‘lltliilll song lcadcr. .

NAMES CANDIDATES

'l'hc fiirls' Afblclic association an-
nounces that the following .IIc lItIllllllt'I‘s
for the next year's oflic : prI-siilt-nl.
Elainc liitll'tl. Ruth l)IIfT Ilul l'llisabi‘lll
lfobbit'. juniors; vii'c isiIchIf. .\l.‘fl)
lilmcndorf. Martha Martin. and that
illlt' Rockow. juniors: lt'casltl't".
(ilydc. l'ilizubclh Morozowski.

Scott. and filsa Smith. sop
rctary, Irma

shiincr. l'byllis .lobson
kcy. frcshmcii; cltch

song lI-adi-I.

 

ARE RECENT VISITORS
Donald lli-ncilict, 'J-l. :nul l’bilip Ric»
rardI. '34. Wt‘l‘t' \'l‘vlllll’s at filf‘ Kappa
l)clta Rho lionst- last wI-ck-cnd.

BOOKS

((ln .S'Itlc in

_ Time Out of Mind. by Racbcl Fit-Id.
(oinpanv. $1.50.
'l‘li . '

homo of an old ship building family, thc.
Manic. l\':Itc li'crnahl. lhc daughlcr of Ma
and (flarns
rcfn -d to rt:
i

'l he novcl carrics‘ through the cxpcric
death of N ‘itllllt' twenty years 1' Icr. Fan
and succ fill the pages of this book
his father. and i
satisfactory in cilhcr
to_pag. in which the lives of tho tln'cc '
spider web.

I ' lbc novel will stir the reader's ltlt‘lllt)
small cvcnfs can change the whole cours

was again presented.
handy read. sustaining one's interest t

 

extra support certainly does not merit the finances appropriated to it.

. stcr’s dominance by"
. lold III the l "

The novel is typic'il of ru-c ‘
_ . . - ‘ntly writtc
of one family through a generation or two.

of whether or not the individual Would take

of cxnoyahle leisure atnl reverie of the past

/\llllt‘ .\lcllngb and t‘harlottc l'cil».
frcslnncn.

HICli'ctiiuIs will fakc placc Molldio-
lllt"flit_\'. and \\'I-ilncsila\ at a tablc II»
the lowi'r hall of lli'apcr.

, A thought provoking ntvel
' of not too distant times.

. Ii.
I/Ic f'o—o/I)

402 pages. New York: The Macmillan

is In.- slory of lbc lifc associations of thrvc chililrcn brought up in thc

aristocratic Fortunes of Littlc l'rospccl.

~ _ jiir lv'oI'IInIt-‘s bousckI-c NT and Nail

l‘Ul‘l'IIIIL' form the trmmvirntc. ‘ l '
I 'I the Incvnablc suprcniacv

. ' o istmacy proud to bc morc fl:

4 I v . Iiii mic

Foitunc sbqi about on the waves of destiny I

The major. the third of t
of III

crosswiirrcnt which to.

urns of thc three from childhood to Ibi'
uly. fortune. local chnIs, Ilisalqmiutnu-nts
It Is a story of a son’s rcbcllion Int-'Illl-‘It

her brother. with ri'snlls nonc too
I person. flu: story runs smoothly path‘
:15 t'loscly conuci'tcil Its the strands of a

II books in that it deals with lhc lives

ry of his own past life.

. . It shows how
i: of ours ML-

aud raises the Ipii-stion
the other course if such an opportunity
0 ""5 cm]. this book will provide hours

 

Freshmen To Hunt
For 1937 Mascot

Search to Begin Sunday Night;
Sophs to Display Mascot
in 11:10 Assembly

The animal freshman lmnt for the
sophomore mascot will bcgin I Sunday
night at 12:00 and continnc until Satur-
day night. at midnight. 'l'lic Illils't‘nl wIll
hcidisplaycd on the platform in student

-mbly today.

According to iiIth‘-cl' 's rivalry rulcs.
the mascot shall be a small statue of not
less than four inches nor more than
cight inches in height. and Iioi less than
two nounds Iior mo ban cight pounds
in weight. The . nc must be bnldt-n
on the campus or in thc (‘ollt'gc anlIlmgs
with the following exclusions: llawlcy
and Milnc halls. fllc boiler room, thc
rotunda. tbc cxccntivc and faculty offices.
the first. and third floors of Richardson
hall, tlic (To-op. the cafctcria. Ilic annex.
aitd the roofs of all thc buildings.

limiting outsidc of college hours must
be supervised l,’ Sitndcnt council. if the
mascot is found. t must be pruscntcil to
a Inctnbcr of Student council inuncdialcly.
and the freshman t ‘ ‘ ' mirth-d
five points in inlcr- s. it the
mascot is not found. fivc points will
automatically be awardcd to fbc sopbm
Inorc cl . Al [ll't‘~t‘lll. tbv freshman
class lcatls in rivalry by cight and II half
to five.

Only Iwicc in the history of thc
mascot bunt 'Is a frcshlntttt (‘lilSs‘ suc-
cccdcd in finding the mascot. 'l‘bc '
of '32 and '33 foniul thc mascots i
rcs‘pcctivc frcshmnn ycars.

 

Students To Face
Budget Question
In 1 1:10 Assembly

f('oulinncil [rum Inn/c 1. column All

Nominccs' for student ftssllt‘lilliilll ofhc s
for next y to bc votcil on today, :
prcsiilcnt. I'Ilaim- flaiI'Il, Jay'nv : _
l’anl littlgcr. and I'idward lxramcr. 1m -
iors; vice-pri-sidcnt ~olm llcoo anil John
Murphy. sophomor s; wrrctary. \.\arrcn
Dcnsmore, can l‘Iilgi'nmlIc, l\.‘nhr\u
llobbic. Knox. and llt'lcn \\'il»
liains, fI'L-shmcn.

A I‘csolntion for :Imcndincnt oi Ihc
andctn association constitution. intro-
Ihtccd on Friday. .\|iri l.‘. is also to
l , volcd on Iod' 'l‘ln- rcsobttion rcails
.I. Rcsolvi-Il: that Artich- \"III
of Ihc Studcnl association t‘t nstitution bc
anIcndi-d as follows: The p. a
ginning “lln- .S'Imlcn/ oixmcmluoi rccoll-
nf " is ilcsignalcd .S'crlton I. I

vI'hc paragraph bcginomg I"l/Ir (In/ow
III .l/tv/cnltin" is dcsignalcil .‘o'cflon ..

5' ice out Ibi- words "ilr um! co ' U
lion in scctinn l aft ‘ Ihc word "op/II
anil inst-rt "llIc fol/datum [n'o‘ .‘ "A".

Under Scction 1, :Ilth' the word "/Irnv
visions" insrrt lllt' following chmst ’: ta)
AI thc i-lcrtiim of oflicci's of lhc .‘iltulvnt
'|‘i"llt‘lttlitl||. iiIcInbcI's of tln- association
shall vote for four mcmhcr
going junior class for M,
ship during tlu- cnsuing y . Ifb)
juniors rccciviug thc .* II highest votc
totals in this clcction are elected to the
Myskauia of tlIc cnsning’ your (c) 'lhc
President of the Studvnt associ: ion shall
automatically hc a member of the M‘s
kauia of his administration. (d) 'lbc
outgoing kania shall appoint three
additional juniors to complete the Inc_nI-
bcrship of Ilic Myskania ol' the cnsunu-t
year.

s fIIlbIWs:

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY 3, 1935

WINS CAPTAINCY

/ l
Bancroft To Head

Basketball Quintet l a i

(above l. \\

fit-urge iaucroft, an. .
's varsity n -

clcctcd ca )tain of next yct
kctball lcam \\'cdncstl"
Bancroft has been :1 rsin man for
thrcc \ itl'.‘ III addition. he was co-
captain and held ’I forward position on
the freshman ba‘tcfball team III
his first year at c.
'l‘lirough his sterling playing, llancroft
. instrumental to a large degree for
St 's most sncccssful baskcthall season
in the last decade. “is floor work
{be wild-curing Middlcbury game broke
up many a play of the visitors. and his
scoring in the R. |'. l. contest contribtucd
to State's final victory of the s Isou.
liancroft \v ‘ second highest scorer on
the varsity squad with 75 points. sur-
passctl only by “W flashing fornicr Union
captain. liob Murray.

R. P. 1. Tennis Squad
Vanquishes State 8-1

A \vcll-lraincd chss‘clacr Polytechnic
institute nct squad (bnvnt'd the State
aggI‘I-gation H-l as the Icqnctccr ush-
crvtl in NW scason. Dc the the lop-sided
score. the . playcrs showed good
form considering tbc f ct that they had
had only one lll'ilt'llL't‘ st sion before the
match.

('huck t‘onnolly. '35. canu- from way
bcbinil to scorc the only victory for thc
l'urplt- and (fold. SlIcI'yvoml of R. l‘. ,
ran through lilt' first set (of) but (fon-
uollv's fast drives hc III to dig chalk
oul'of lhc littscliltrs' t. bc rallied to
run out tbi- sci-(Ind st-I 0-3. in thc all-
important final scl. t'oImolly won but.

'l'bc Iucn cmnposing thc State sq
arc \\’ilfrcd Allard. t‘onnolly. and (
ford Rail. scniors‘. l:t'tllllt flarilmcyi.
l‘ldwnrd Kramcr. ticorgc Decker. and
fit-orgt- llIIncroft. juniors.

OPTICIANS.

. . EDETTE
arranging/4mm Ital

 

( MPIHE OP CAL SERVICE

 

SPORT SHOTS

 

 

 

’l'bc. \Vashington l’ark turf is taking
considerable punishment from the flat
feet of our track IItccl-Inindcd gentry.
The boys are galloping. gasping. and
giinpcring themselves into condition for
the coming incct. We recommend Dr.
Quack's iiunion l’lasters. We know.

Even now. our gallant band of rov-
ing tennis players are groping their
way towards Madison. New Jersey.
for a match with Drew. The boys
are conﬁdent of capturing this one
(remember the basketball score?) if
Cliff Rall's iron horse ever gets them
there. The bookies are laying 4 to
1 against. They might make it
though. They left in the cold gray
dawn. All for Alma Mater!

Rumor has it that Sch Albrecht has

to practice putting lhc shot in a fenced—in
f'Iclt. Only last week he lIurchl the
iron-ball out of sight when he carelessly
practiced in an ttpcn lot. The posse has
never recoveret it.
Prediction. The sophomores are
inch to capture the interclass track
m et. (That'll fix 'em.) We’ve al-
readv placed a bob or two down on
the juniors.

’35 Dormitory Drive
Nears Completion

The cool ion of the class of 1935
in putting across its dormitory drive has
been so complete during the past few
weeks that at present the total amount
of plctlgcs secured by the team captains
is $9.735 towards at goal of $15.00”.
This report is not complete due to the
fact that two teams have not as yet snhv
Initfctl a rcport of their campaign. but
tbc alinuni association hopes to be able
to rcporl a complctcd campaign by Mov-
ing-up day.

The drive is under the supervision of

vid Krol ircsidI-nt of the senior

cd by the following

ills of teams: Harriet

'l‘cn ., .rah Logan. Dorothea tia-
hagan. Lnulc I'lirsb. \Vilfrctl Allard.
llclcn Rich. Evelyn Riclt. 'l‘bnrs‘fon l’anl.
[~1chin Stacblc, Margaret Dclancy. Lil-
lian l’aync. llctty (ircgory, and llilda

'fcincs. ’

At prc—‘cnl thc women‘s dormitory is
rapidly tcri icing on the tract lic-
twccn l'artritlgc and Ontario strc 5
Western and \\’ashington avcnncs.
tbc dcvclopnn'ut of this \voIncn's IloI'IIIi-

" . an athlctic ficld will be provided for
ainl available tlt'xl fall. and with the in-
crease in pledges. a men's dormitory and
lucid house is lIopcIl for in the near
I‘nturc.

HIGH SCHOOL LUNC
Pastry and

State Men Plan
Intramural Meet,
Select Manager

intramural sports at State college czm
look forward to a big future with the
intramural meet on Thursday. May 16
and the new squad in control for next
year.

George Story, ’35. is manager of the
track meet am! John Ryan. ‘37. is assist-
ant manager.

Thomas Harrington. '37, has been
elected manager of intramural sports for
the coming year. Harrington is suc-
ceeding Alex Jadick. 'i..

At. 3:30 o'clock. May 16. athletes will
be called for the first event of the eleven
listed. The order has not yet
dccidcd. but the fill). 220. 440. and 880
yard dashes: the mile and two mile; high
jtiinp and broad jump; shot put. pole
vault. and a relay arc- to be included.
Trophies. a medal for the first place. and
an emblem for the next three. will be
given out. Two men from each class
can compete in an event.

Mr. C. L. Andrews. instructor
science. will act as starter; Dr. A
Risley. head of the history department.
will be timer; Dr. Donnal mith.
assistant professor of history. will be
clerk; and Mr. Edward L. Cooper. in-
structor in commerce. and Dr. James A.
l'licks. professor of child development,
are to be judges of field events.

To finance the meet. tickets will he sold
during the week preceding at which time
the trophies will be on display.

in
W.

Chorus To Present

 

Special 256 Dinner Daily—11:30 A. M.-—-7:30 P. M.
9 North Lake Avenue

Concert Thursday
(Conlintn'tf [ruin I'll‘t/f‘ l. rnlnnIII 1)

Susan Smith, '35. general chairman.
announces the following committees for
the concert: tryouts, lilnis‘c Shearer. '37;

' Rosemary Dickinson. '37;

, Frances . nib-baker. '36; tickets.

Janet Lewis. ’36; and programs. Eliza-
beth Prcnicr. ’35.

Studcnf tax tickets may be exchanged
for the choral coni‘ct'l in the Rotunda of
Drain-r ball at the beginning of next
week.

 

FRANK I-I.
EVORY 8: C0.

General Printers

)\l

36-38 BEAVER STREET

91 Steps East of Pearl Street:

 

 

 

 

H AND RESTAURANT
Sandwiches

 

 

Geo. D. Jeoney. Prop.

and

.B

Boulevard Cafeteria

TRY OUR SPECIAL DINNER, $1.00
198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

Dial 5-1913
" 5-9212

Grill

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

