STATE COLLEGE N'EW'S, MAY 24, 1935

State College News

Elubllshui by the Clan: of 1918
The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State College for Teachers
THE NEWS BOARD
KARL D. Ensus................................................IZdi'Ior-in-Cliirf
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 24114
EMMA A. Romans”  . . . . . ........Ncw: Editor
., 680 Madison

......................................As.wziarr Editor
“J Washington Avenue, 5-1847
......................................AS.l‘i.\‘lallf News Edilar'
Kappa Delta Rim. 1l7 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4114

.Arrirlmi! News Editor

GLENN M. UNGERER. . . . ..
Faun Dcx'reu . . . . 

HAiuu' GUMAER................ . . . . . 
413 Washington Avenue. 5-1847

VIRGINIA STOEL.........................................../l.r.ri.iiimi News Edilm‘

2I9 Ontario Street, 2-1187

CAROLYN SIMONET........  . . . . .  . . . . ....Bii.riuc.i-.r Mamigrr

Gain . Main Avcnuc, .. 4144

JOHN DENO.  .rrnci'aic Business Mmiogrr
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue. 2-4114

.............................ALr.rocioIc Emilia.” Manager

202 \Vcstcrn Avenue. 3-0090 ‘

associated "alight-t: Dru:
aiou W ‘ ins-

LAURITA $51.11.. 

Published every Friday in the college year by the Editorial Board representing
the Student Association. Subscriptions, $2.25 per year, single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as second class matter at post-
oﬁice, Albany, N. Y.

The News does not necessarily endorse sentiments expressed in contributions.
No communications will be printed unless the writers' names are left with the Edi-
tor-in-Chief of the News. Anonymity will be preserved if so desired. The News
does not guarantee to print any or all communications.

PRINTED BY Four ORANGE Puss, INc., Aux/my, N. Y.

Vol. XIX, No. 25 MAY 24, 1935 Albany,  Y.

THE CURTAIN FALLS

With the fall of tonight's curtain on “Death Takes a Holiday," State closes its
dramatic season. Considered as a whole, it has been successful, prowding many
evenings of enjoyment through the dreary winter. Thanks are due the local
members and students for their efforts to make State more than a Iii-dc-ho and
rah-rah college. As long as this feeling of co-opcration prevails between the two
bodies, State will give more than just plain “book-Iarnin‘ " to its graduates.

SUPPORT THE BUDGET

College is what one puts in it and takes outlof it. Not necessarily limited to
studies only, the well rounded-out college education should include some participa-
tion in extra-curricular activities which are available to students licrc.at State.
State, however, faces a difficult problem in its ﬁnancing program as all income to
defray the expenses of its activities must come from the students themselves.

This morning, the Student Board of Finance will present a tentative budget for
next year. The passage of it will depend on the hroadmindcdncss of the student
assembly. If petty prejudices and arguments arise, the proverbial “monkey wrench
will ﬁnd its way into the works and disrupt an essential portion of State’s social
and educational program.

All activities which are presented should be supporter]. The Finance Board has
considered each anti every item to judge its worth anti value. llcsidcs, every item
that is included has received at least 60% support of the student body. The will
of the majority should he considered. Though some appropriations may ask for
larger amounts this your, let not the old argument arise that if an activity has
survived one year on a reduced budget that it he asked to coutiniic so, to its
eventual dcniisc.

l xt year‘s program, athletic and otherwise, will depend on the course taken hy
the cmth this morning. Let it he rcuicuihcrcd that we can receive no more
than what we are willing to give. % cooperation is a Utopian dream that
cannot he reached under our prcsrnt system but an improvement over this yciir's
is not unattainable. Volc sancly and wisely for a complete program of extra-
curricular activities for 1935—36.

AT THE BEGINNING OF THE ROAD

With this issue, the new board assumes command of the S'iwi'u (.‘oi.i.i:oc ans
to guide its course through whatever waters and elements may await it during
the next year. Unforsceri difﬁculties may await it. obstacles will assuredly try
to halt its rogrcss, but may we, with the same courage and convictions as those
of the outgoing hoard. meet and overcome them.

The STATE Coi.i.i:oi4 News i the pulse of the student body and its policies
should he tempered with ' thought. Conservatism rather than radicalism
should be its motto in this period when certain groups are attempting to revolu-
tionize the course of events. of our present-day lives. Progress through a sane
procedure is one thing: radical upheaval of the old ways is another. If tiicy arc
to come. "my they came through the ﬁrst method: if they are to come throuin the
second and make their results felt in the activities of the student body, may the
Nzws he a balance wheel through the whole course of events. it Is with this

An astonished anti dazcil audience of
twelve hundred people ﬁled out of Page
hall auditorium last Friday morning with
the one question on its lips: “Why only
eight?" Never before in the history of
Mvslmnia has the body been reduced to
this low number. he average has
ranged from clcvcu to thirtccu.

When the long awaited moment ar-
rivcd and a hush settled over the audi-
torium, Dan Van Leuvan was the ﬁrst
to leave the stage to tap his successor,
Glenn Ungcrcr. Harriet Tcu Eyck nclxt
tappcd Frances Studcbakcr. Then Clif-
ford Rall, president of the Student asso-

JNN MAY UNGERER will he vice-
rt till. of his eass i associate editor of
the :‘TATI’. COLLEGE Nuns next year. lie wdl
also he president of the Lutheran club. lie
was reporter and desk editor of the News
in his sophomore ycar and senior associate
editor and fcature editor in his junior year.
l’iizrrcr was co‘editnr of the Will Frcrlmmn
Handbook aiul served as representative on the
student hoard of ﬁnance in his junior year.
iic scrvcil on tho Directory In his freshman
and sophomore year». was secretary and
treasurer of the Mathematics cluh aiiil necrc‘
iary and vice-president of the, Trniihadmiys in
his sophomore mid junior years rt'spcc‘lvei‘I.

c has been active in inter-clnsu haslu-ilwli
fnr ilirr-e years and was a' member of the
chorus in tho nncrcttnn. "Patience" and "The
Mikado." “v has served on various claim and
Student ' ' ' am the
firm husincss staff. He hi .1 member of the
Edward Eldrcd Potter cloli.

linucri'r iii a graduate of Lynn»; iflnh sclmni.
lit- in majoring In mathematics and nilnoring
In history.

FRANCES ALIIERTA STUDEBAKER will
hi- president of Mimic council, and i
association and senior class snnir li-ailcr iii-x
your, Siic has been a nicmhcr of Music Mi"!-
cil for two years and served as irrasuri-r ihis
cur. Since her frcslnnnn year Miss St'iilc‘
linki-r has taken an active n’lrl in collegi-
(lrainatirs. She was a mcnihcr of the can
if "Path-rice" in her freshman year, of "The
Snrci'rer” In her sophomore year, and of “The
Mikado" this vcar. Sic was cn~uullior ani
' r~nr nf " lic Fnrnit-r In ilir- “(‘ii.” “n-
Girls‘ Athletic association in comedy
presented this ymr. Miss Stiidi-hnkv-r has her-n
an active member of the Young \Voml-n's
Christian association for three, yrrirs.
has scrvri n claim committees and was sec-
rrtnrv nf her nails inst war. Slit- II n "1"“

mega sorority. Mlsii Studebaker
was gradimicd from Troy liigh school. Iicr
malnr Is English and her nilnnr is French.

FRANK iOSEPii "ARDMEYER will be
president of the senior class next year.
his fri-«hninn year, he participated In the fresh-
man debate and was freshman rcprcsentnivv
on the Handbook. Durng Ilnrdmeycr's three
years at Stale, he has been on the tennis
this yrar the captain of .
e News In his snpl-n-
innrc year and sports editor this year. He
has been active in dramatic-i fnr llii: mun
twn yours and this vrar took part In "Thi-
Farmer In the Drill." a original musical
comedy. lie attended (‘hrhillnn Tlrnthcrii'
Academy in Albany. liardmryr-r Is maloriniz
in Euivllsh, He Is also a member of Kappa
Delta Rho fraternity,

ELIZAIIE'I‘II AN'l‘niN""l'E f‘vRil’i-‘iN'
will ln- a lili'inilt‘l" of Dr 'liii‘n and Art roun-
l‘li "1" war. .‘ ' n a ini-inln-r nf Ihr
i-onni'il for lwn
ilnis

3 so .r i 'ilt" ii mvnilwr
\oung u :ssoviiiiinu
'ilrt'i' years. and has luicn :icin
million through i r rnlli-gr carci'r. -
ll’h'i sorority. and of PI
uationu innoriiry Nuriai ncii-nt‘i'
‘ Misii Griffin is p irriiililplr- nf
' High school. “or major is English and

Mr minor ill history.

KARI. DANIEL iCiliiiltS will hr. or n - -
chief of tho S'i'ATr. Coi.i.v.nv. rws liltlllrl"
niruilu-r of the finance lmard IIl‘Xl yriir.
was :i rcporti-r and iil'itlt editor of flu-
lll'ilis mpiininore year. and associate
aging i-dlior In hhi junior yrIIr.

y ‘ was also

chairman
prom. participated
haii marvrd on hanuuot cominliii-va. and when
ii popliiuimru. wu» ii lIIt'lIliiL’l‘ of the flour com-
nultri: for Sophomore Soirre.

er of Kill|lll Della iii 0
mulprllm in A "iii.
in

 

thought that the vas ilrmrd looks forward into the future.

“(a)”, lie hi a graduate of Rhine-heck "In

Myskania Taps Eight Successors
In Moving—up Day Ceremonies

(lotion. walked around the black rohcd
body, and to the amazcmcnt of the stu-
dents assumed his position in hack of
his vacant chair, signifying c was to
have no successor. The same procedure
was followed by Gertrude Morgan.
Saral Logan relieved the tension
somewhat when she tripped Frank Hard-
mcycr, but the assemblage was sent hack
into its dazed state when David roman
circled the stage without leaving it. The
remaining ﬁve members of Myskania
each tappch a successor. The juniors
who completed the new body were Betty
ri in, Karl Ehcrs, Jayne Buckley. Paul
Bulger, and Elaine Baird.

i‘AUI. iRU'i‘ZNER HULGER will he presi-
dent of the Student association and mana
of College honsc iii-xi yt. r. .‘inci his frr‘slt
man year he has been an active nicinlcr
infra-mural sports. In his junior y

i. cc-orcsidcnt of the Student riser mi,
vice-president of Contnicrcc club, and prcd
dent of Cnllcgc home. [in h nlsn iii‘i'll
: w: on class cnnuniiiccs. lie is a illi‘lllili'i
of Kappa Dcli' tin fraternity.

nlirr-r was graduated from Luzi'rni- High
school. His major is commerce and his minor.
history.

,lAYNi". (‘OI‘ELAND ililf'liidiV has hi-i-II
1m ‘nciivt‘ niciuhi-r of “H! Young Women's
thristian ansnciuiinn for three years, ariio
an a aiiuct member during licr soplnnnori-
year and m.- sncial director during her junior
year. M s lliickley has been ncliw‘ ‘
hating, dramatic-s, puhlic 5pc It

all Iilrcc years. her frrsinnaii

Sii- has taken part in man
presentations of elementary and adv-Iiu-i-il
dramatic-i and has participated in class stains,
During ilt‘l‘ junior year shc was di-li-gaio in
hr,- Nn'ioual Student ii'cdrrznion of '
nicinher of In: fl. '
thi- iiinior (iiir
of freshman crimp, iairinan
constitutional invostigiitiou cominitti-c.

can an active lllciillli'r of Sophomore
Snircc and Junior l‘rmn cunnniiii-i-s for the
past years. She ' '
Gamma sororin
iiiin ﬁi‘llnol. iii~r ma;
minor is history.

itil'i'li ELAINE ilAiRl) will he priwidriii
of “11' Girls' Aililoiir. ' i. ‘1‘“
auil is also the only
llnuor Council this
member 0
as iii-crctiii'y
porii-r in Iu-r Junior you. i‘ 4
tie varsity teams in lincki-y. soccer,
ball, and hrischnll each of Iii-r lill't'l' yiuirsv
licr sophomore year she was r.
swimming imd . ' ‘ * in
and archery. T yinr shc 'I‘l captain of
hockey and also caplain of th jun r wu-
' liaskcthall train. Sln- has licrn .
freshman chitin viii-h yi-rir. mini. "ii
man of swimming in l‘l.l.i ainl of n-c
and K‘lilt'l‘liliillill'ili in HM. Sln- has In
Itll'liVL‘ lili'lllill‘r of the Young Womi-i'
tum ass iaiioii for three yi-iirs. In 10.1.! '-lIr
was delegate to i'orni-II and in 1“.” shi- win
chairman of i-ntcriainniont for die fi'i-uhuiall
rrciiplion. .‘ihr is a rL'[HIYIi‘I' on tho Nitw<
s n sophomore, shi- u
[ll’l‘iiilil‘lii of ‘
was Illt'ﬂilillli.
Iliuh
pliling a major d minor i,
wiih a Nll'llllli minor in innilu-o

Schiick Will Head

Newman Next Year
a ri-i'cnt meeting, i‘lUl‘
the following oliii
193546: |ll‘l.'§ililflll, l‘:llll‘l
. vice-president, john Dcno, '. ; i
Nellie Ryder, ‘37; irviisui'i'r-
Margaret iiof, ’36; I'L‘ilill‘ll'l', linlli
iicliss, '37; senior councillors, Iii-niuu
llarri'tt and Joseph ()iii'llc , junior
councillors, llcrenccc Moimiii and Ai‘liui'
chstcr; sophomore councillors. Will‘-
inici- NL‘llmt‘li aml Anni- (ialvin; junior
councillors to freshmen, lio- Tim-v.
Rosemary Dickinson, Rosemary Lachrll’v
’lcnrl ...'iwlowsld; hov councillors-
‘i‘iiomns llrccn, '37. and William Halo-r.
t 1.

nor key was presented In

 

The lio
lit-Icon Slicclian, ’37.

 

Class Exercises
Will Terminate
With Procession

’l‘hc concluding t‘\'l'lli of the annual
class night con-monies, \Vcdncsdny,
Jiiiic IS. will hc tlii: Ioi'cii light proces-
sion from Page to Draper hall travers-
in},r Ilic t‘illililllS.

The Class day L'XL'l'Ci§('~’ will take
place in Page hall auditorium at 8:00
o'clock, :ciii'iliiig to llaviil |\'roinan,
class |'t'.\ lcnt. 'I‘hc oliit‘cl‘s who have
hccn (.‘iL'l‘lL‘ii for class day are: historian,
ilctty Grcgory; ,. utoi', Lucc llii‘sii;
proplicl, Lois Odwt'll. licvoics will he
Clllliillt‘li'fi for the ' of llUl'i: the can-
diil'ilcs arc Dorothea (Julingnn and Mar-
gai‘ct Dclaiii'y. David Kroniaii and
Evelyn Stai'hlc will l)L‘ directors of the
torch light pi'oci-ssion.

’l‘hc torch light ceremonies will Iii-gin
with lill' St'llitll’ procession from Page
hall with each junior falling in behind
his senior as thcy comc down the steps.
Thcy will thirn cross lill' campus to
\Ncstcru avenue and thence down \Vcst—
crn avenue to Draper hall sidewalk, con~
tinuiug up the walk to Draper hall and
in front of the alumni who will have
assembled ihci'c. " procession will
ilicn ronliuuc hack down the walk, cach
senior falling into position on either
side of the walk so that two lines of
seniors will he formed. om- on each
side of the walk: with the juniors
standing ilt'liillii the seniors iiialting four
“1105 on liil' walk. the two inner ones
of seniors in ' k and the outer ones
of juniors in white. 'I‘In- scnioi‘s will
sing the torch song during lllL' march
and after 111   hiiltcd and
tin.- singiiig is completed, each senior
will turn and fan: hi junior and after
the new alumni pr .'lcni has assumed
ofliri' and given ii short Sitt'L'L‘ll, lilt' scu-
ioi' president will pass Iii torch to his
junior and the oliii‘r sciiioi's will fol—
low. The pi'csidciit of lilt' alumni will
flu-n pass his torch to Ki'ouiau. and as
tho siuilciiis sing “(ii'i-at :hes," the
juniors holding their torrluw will ri-miiin,
as the St‘llilll'h llli'll'i‘li away into iili' night.

a
,v.
r
.n
.I'

Torpey To Continue
At Syracuse In F all

William f”. Torin-y, ‘35, will continue
his college study at by .icusc university
next fall. having been Il\\'l|l'(lt'll a scholar»
ship to the School of . zcnship and
Puhlic Affairs in tlic graduate division
at that university. He will pursue work
loading to a Doctor of Philosophy dc-
grci- in political science.

'l‘orpcy, ii momhci' of Signnm Lanilis,
will complch the requirements for his
Master of Arts degree this Jiiiu- after
four years of college work; he rcci-ivcd
his Bachelor's dcgrcc last January. “1'
is also [ll‘t'ﬁiiii'lll of Pi (lamina Mu. nu-
iional honorary social science fraternity,
a incinhcr of Kappa Phi Kappa, national
honorary educational fraternity, and lllL'
Ifilwzii'il iCIili'i'ii l‘oilcr i'liih.

The scholarship awarded 'l‘orpry cov-
t-rs full college costs at Syrui‘ uni-
versity for (lllt‘ year of grailiuitc study.
Win-n ilt‘ graduated from lliughamtou
Iligh sclumi iil ,illllt', Will, lu' rl'('(!i\'('(l
a $500 cash scholarship.

Employment Bureau
Appointments Increase

ii'mi/i'iiio‘il from [wow I, column 3)
l-idnu Ii'clmii-l, English and lihri' a
Maiilins; Agui's |.i|lihriilgc, history
and Iihrnry, Ill lioxlun'y; Frances Max-
well, mailii-inulii's and romuwrcr, at
linipn‘; Lois l)ii\\'i'il. social 5 we, at
Johnsiowu: I'Iili-i-n \\'.’ill:Iri-, soiial sci-
riiiro and history, at Vim lloi'nsvillc;
Vi'rniilra Ln llomhai’d, grades, Schuy-
lor lialls: hiillnirn Vi‘ooman, ,Liinrv, m
,iolmstown; Katharina \Vordi'n, history.
at lloosick Falls; Alvinn Lewis. Eng—
lish and lihrnry, at Dover Plains.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY 24, 1935
WILL DIRECT ‘NEWS’ POLICIES

 

 

 

 

Emma A. Rogers, '36, news editor of the NEWS, and Karl D. Ebers, ’36,
member of Myskauia and cditor-in-chicf of the NEWS, who will direct the policies
of the publication for 1935-36.

 

Three Wiii Direct
And Gives Awards Lion For Next Year

pli Altman, Lois l'oltcr, and Muriel 'l‘hc‘lJmI, college humor magazine, will
. "1"“ lll'lllllrsi “"ll ‘lCl “5 C‘llll’rs‘lll‘ hc dircclcii liy cilitors-iu-cincf Ralph
Cll'd “f 1h.“- UJS-M.Iirlm' mum" m' Altman and Sinniicl Silvcrmun, juniors.
ciary iiiagamnc, :ici‘oidmg to announce- ‘ . , .
incms madc Moving-np day Other “"‘l l‘nl‘ lL'l‘U‘llClv 37v ‘l“"'"l~' “‘9
lilCl'llilt'i'S of tlic lfi'lio hoard 'rc fol— ncxt y ' to amioimci-mcnts
iii-ra y editors. l‘fi'cidn | ‘ made I} m l l ’)il11i, instructor 'n
.'|i:u Hi, and \\'il illll L English, last ‘ . The remainder
lianii'l‘. soplioinor and i 'l‘llt'i'i lh-ooz. of ilic hoard ' follows: i'ici'hcrt
'Illi; luisini-ss mnniigci', \' ' I'l lluhcr, Drooz, '38, s c ('iiiilll‘, and john
'30; advertising manager. Augusta Slioor, Murphy. ’37, Ims i s Inm'igci'.
'30: and circulation manngcr, lilizahclh The staff clips to ' tln- hoard
llcvl', '. .is of the following. liti-i‘ni‘y, Lona
Louis 'ilillt'h, instructor in English. also or. Clo: ix'oscm' " " 'Illh'illl, Joiiii
:Iiiiioiiiii'i-ii lliv winners of the annual \vai'i 'illii ,iilllll'h‘ Zillion, sophomores,
awards for illi.‘ licst selections of prose and I. tic l‘ai‘shiill and ,imii-i Iliiihlc,
and purity piiliiisiicd during the y . fl'csluiicll: art, Mm :ircl llof. '30, Martin
Flori-ni'c Uiioson, graduaii- student. rc— Rccd. ‘37, and lwurd (ii-urge, .
wind the |l|‘tlSt' in H for ill'l' “Coiii— hiisiiu-ss, Lois Ki'aiis, '37, and liosclhi
pciisaiiuu." and i't‘i‘ll'i l'iillllt‘ilil, '35, the Agostiiic, '30, mid i.llt‘ilit‘ Zak, Ailli'it'i
poi-try prize for "Cali 'l‘liis lie the Way?" (ioldln-rg. and Ruth Frost. fi'i-shmi-n.

 S : Ambition Builds an Empire.

R. E. W.
(On .S‘iili- i'ii Ilia (To-op)
Star of Empire, by (iranl Lcwi. 310 pages. The Vanguard Press. New York.
$2.50.

Jonathan Stark was not only amhitious, he was also a hard worker and a shrewd
dcalcr. In his early lcciis he proved himself to be worthy of being plain-d in
charge of most of his father's farms :ii'oiiiiil Slurk’s Crossing. “is aiiiliition
spread with the riSc of the "land craze” aftci' lilt‘ Civil War, and jonaihnn soon
hccumc known lliroiigliont the western : 'itcs.

Power and fame lu‘camc the posse us of the Stark family. Jonathan could
have what In: iii'sll‘t'ii. llc li't’illt'li his family in the same manner lluit In: managed
Ii u'ins, hut he  l' i‘in lay a deep love for his kin. otiing was

Echo Names Board

 

 

 

. cnth his .
too good for thcm. lie was gum-runs in his financial aid to college students.
i'lowcver. _ionailiau had that om- [1‘ ’t so prevalent in persons in power, his
judgmi‘nt was always right i'cgardlcs. of cost in mnncy or time and regardless
of other persons‘ opinions. At length his cinpii'c incluili-d 13,000 acres of the host
land in ll1(' wcsi: but, as in all cm: q where power can no longer be adequately
adnijoistcrcil Wili‘il a too conﬁdent spirit lies behind it. Jonathan reached the top
and hogan his descent.

llis wife dicil leaving Iiiiii loncly and discouraged. Then came years of depres-
sinn, the death of his son, and lhr suhsviincnt loss of his fortune n for a
small strip of lainl in (‘alif iiu. Ivau in old age, when forced to have his old
home mid illl'H'i' to California. ioniithzm maintained his proud. confidant spirit.
Ilo rcmziiui-d lllfit'llt‘llili‘lii and made his small garden grow Wllt'll others fnih-d.

Grunt Lowi has portrayed a powerful figure in a fascinating story. it presents
the rising and ilccliuing of l‘i'lllliilllit‘ iiili-s, lln- opt-ping of tlic \Viasi, mid “W l' ~
of Ilicsr roiiilifous upon the lives of the people. It is hoili historically and ('lif(‘l'-
tainlngly "correct."

Signiﬁcant to State colli-gc studcnls is the fact that Grant Lcwi was horn in
Alhain and that at one iilllt' he was a inciuhcr of the State college fncultv as an
instructor in English. '

Eta Plii Will Head

Sorority Council

Election Results Are Announced;
Marjorie Adams Will Preside
over 1935-36 Greeks

Marjorie Adams, ’36. Eta Phi. will
he president of intrrsorority council
for iii-xi ) ' to recent elec—
tions. The ritii'ing president is Elizabeth
i‘lzirtman. '35, Delta Omega. 'i’lic other
oiliccrs of the now council will be: vice—
prcsidcnt, Kappa clta; secretary. Psi
Gamma; treasurer, Chi Sigma Theta.

lt‘t‘I'S of the council are chosen in
rotating order of sororities each year.

The following ofﬁcers have been elected
lw tlic sororities:

EGA: president. Genevieve Cur-
-irriiii|<~nt Marjorie Kalaldilan.
ary. Mary-Lourdes
recording ucercinry. Lula Duffy,
thii Conger, '38
I . )l‘ cut, Marjorie Adams, '36;
, Eliznheth Grifﬁn, '
Claire Leonard. '.'l7: treasurer. Ilclcn Lamas.
’J7: houso president. iiiu Steele, ‘36; house
it‘casuri'r, ilprothy RI. '37.
prcsidcot, Elaine Baird.
, Ruth Eduiimils, '36; r
\n c Road. '3 ' uirre

cad.
lwl ‘10; s Illl
hi'th Alaiiliuws. nt-n.
GAMMA: prciddcni, Jayne Buckley.
vice-president. Doris iiuinphrey '36:
treasurer. Mildred Grover, '36; social seen:
lt'lil Whi um, '36; rccordlng lec-

rctary. Nina Ullm: o.

lllsTA: president, Rita
president, Janet Lewis, ’36;
Laifcriy, '37; secretary.
alumnae secretary.
lary lll'li. '.l7' i. c, Jusupiliiic Kirby.

K7; stcwarili-s-z, liiitliryii Mr('ornnick, '36.

Dickinson,

(Cmili'iiio'il on [nu/r ii, William 1)

Alumni To Have
Annual Weekend
Saturday, June 15

The Alumni association will conduct
its annual Alumni (lay June IS. The
feature of the day will he the laying of
the corner stone of lllL‘ new Residence
hall by Miss Anna E. Pierce. former
Dean of Women. Miss Minnie ll. Scot—
laud, assislant pro ( y, dur-
iiig whose ill'L‘Silicllt) project has
been completed, will pi't-scul the history
f the cinrt. John M. .‘mylcs, profes—
sor of cdiu"iion and principal of the
Milni- High school, as chairman of the
holding corimraliou. will ochr the hiiilil—
ing to the College, and “1'. i\‘. lini—
aclicr, president. will acct-pt it. A
L‘il'Ol‘llS under the direction of 'i‘. Fred—
(‘l‘lL‘k l'l. Candlyn, lit-ad of tin.- music (Ic-
parimcnt, will sing during the cert--
miniy.

. The program for iilt‘ day includes reit-
istration in tho rotunda of Draper hall
at 9500 o'clock, to i)(' followed hy class
niccliiigs at “Mill o‘clock. The Half
Century club will meet at ltl:.i0 in Dra-
per hall in conjunction with the Quarter
Century i‘liih. At noon ihcn- will he a
husin .. st sion in the auditorium of
Page hall.

n lilt‘ afternoon after luncheon at
1:00 o'clock and lllt‘ iyiug of the cor-
nin' stooc Ill Dr. and Mrs. liru-
hnrlu-i‘ will give an informal reception
for tho alumni and ill(' St'liin“. 'l‘hcrc

iii In- I graduali' vonurll (illllll‘i' ill the
rafvlri'iu of limit-d hall at 5:30.

At 9:00 o'clock, inmu-diaicly following
the class dav cvcnls, llr. (‘nmllyn will
ilil't'l‘i ilu- Alumni “Sn-p Sing." The
day will end with the torchlipht pro-

 

cession of thc i'illsﬁt's of PMS and IDJﬁ.
and flu: uiduciion of the
uuo the Alumni association.

 

