@ollegiaie Emmi

SECTION

"National Collegiate News in Picture and Paragraph"

u. r; TRAI‘JI’ZMAHK scum. NUMBER mu:

r .

Dr. am! Mrs. L. A. (Mill/I'm" of lndianola, Iowa, were the parents of/our daugbters w/m made a
veritable nest of songbirds and kept the doctor lmsy I rillr'ng leer/J to pay for piano lessons. Tbree of
them former Simpson College students, Rosemary and Priscilla {below} are the Lane sisters on Fred
Waring's radio program, Lola Laue {above} is ex-Mrs. Lew Ayres, a movie actress and Leota Lane
sings in Broadway musical s/Jows. T/Je pbota at the 1:1! shows Lola as she appeared when 4
5"’d9"’ I" s’mﬂw” caller?”- HER BEAUTY AND POPULARITY won Mathilda Simpson,
Delta Delta Delta at the Universit of lllinois (Champaign), the
title of "Most Popular” on the lllini campus.

WHEN Rosemary and Priscilla Mullican still more, Dorothy was dragged before him. Would
had to be called in from the sandlots to practice he listen to both? He would. They had faces
piano lessons, their sister Doroth was already and voices for musical comedy.
asensation in lndianola high school. She was the ln ew York and on the road, as Lola and
schools best alto voice, had been featured at Leota Lane, the Mullican youn sters became
the county fair, and, in a stronghold of lowa bright spots in Edwards' revues. lshey played in
ethodism was, ahead of er times, a correct (George Jessel musical come ies. Despite 500
flapper in bobbed hair and fashionable Russian applicants, in 1999 Lola got the ingenue role in
acts. 'ZSpeakeasy," first of Fox's tall<ies. She has sung
When Dorothy enrolled at Simpson College, and acted regularly in pictures sinrze. Divorced
in lndianola, t e ullicans were a family of recently from Lew yres, s e is now appearing
crooning teams. Priscilla and Rosemary in pina- in " urder on a oneymoon." Leota is still
fores harmonized “On the Alamo" before the playing in Shubert musical shows.
local Rotary and Kiwanis clubs. Dorothy and
Leota, both members of Beta Xi sorority at Simp-
son, went about the state s ncopatin similar
airs, once earning $150 be ore merican

LOLA was to bring Rosemary to Los Angeles
to attend the University of Southern California,
ut Rosemary went to impson to continue

egionaires in Davenport. Baclc home, all four
were scintillating carolers in the First Methodist
churc . hey were planning to become music
teachers.

GUS EDWARDS, discoverer of l<id stars,
brought a vaudeville unit to Des Moines. Leota
'was persuaded to aslt him for an audition. He
listened, approved, and before he could say

Priscilla Lane

DID YOUR CAMPUS produce a personality who is now

prorruncnt in the radio. motion pictu -

singin with Priscilla, who was still in high
schoo. he sisters grew in popularity for talent
and zestful beauty when they sang over WHO
in Des Moines. In 1932 Leota brought them to
New York. Fred Waring, building a vaudeville
show around his band, heard them.

ow, at twenty, they are more widely known
than their sisters in whose footsteps they closely
followe .

Rosemary Lane

tune. art, business.

or political world? If you want to act: that personality (in: subject of a “. tlirhtur" thumb ll sketch, write The

Spot“ titer. (hllegiate Digent. P. O. Box 471. Madison. Wis.
anecdotes about the f d of tudu

mitt: , in addition to one dollar for acceptable truths-n

()nc dollar wil bi. paud for L' ' 'cptulﬂt: picture uuho

 

' m memmmmsw...New“...

t.

\

WIN ARCHITECTHRE PRIZES » R A Matern, J. H. Hi bie,

c ard lves, an

ooch, University of Michigan Ann

Arbor) students, have been awarded prizes in the designing

contest sponsored

by the alumni association of the American

Academy in Rome.

STARS » Juanita
in the lndiana Uni
No, No, Nanette.

Cox and Wade Free played the leading roles
versity (Bloomington) student presentation of

Easter

NUEHWHMH A

uni NWUHU in“, ‘

 

