 

 

4

State To Be Host
To Brooklyn Five

Meets Polytechnic Institute To«
morrow Night in Page Hall
Gymnasium

The powerful State .cag'e squad meets
Brooklyn Polytechnic institute tomorrow
night on the Page lilill court iii an at-
tempt to gain revenge for the lone
smudge on its otherwtse spotless sca-

i's record.
soPoly downed the Bakermen 39-26,
earlier this season ill New York.

The visitors this year have one of
the strongest tealns ever turned out
lly that illstittitioll. The engineers
boast victories over some of the strong-
est tennis ill tlle metropolitan district
and enter the Page hall gyluna'suiil a
decided favorite to duplicate lllCll'. arly
season triumph over the Slate quintet.

If the Purple and Gold .can liltlllitlrlti
the stride they reached against .M. I.
last Saturday. they should give Poly
the game of its life. Coach liaker will
have his squad at full strength this
week willl all the invalidslup alld about
once again. The following men will
probably see action: Captain ClllT Rall.
Len Welter. star of last week's M. l._
game. George lialicroft. Al Jadick. llob
Murray, Fred liyrllcs. Jerry Aniyot,
Neal l\'auc. alid Dan Finch.

The game will begin promptly :lt Edit)
o'clock iii order to allow the spectators
who are going to Junior prom to r "I ‘ll
the Allrania club ili tillic for the first
dance.

Education Courses

Will Be Revamped

For Class Of 1938

(Continued from [nine 1. L'tiflflllll l)

of credit river a period of two years . H ' '

and will be required of sophomores for he leachel's college convention.

three hollrs per week alld of juniors for - s llelcn ll. Morcland. deall of
l

two hours per week. "ducatlon it) wil
treat with silcli topics
ineut alid organization of secondary edii

catioli in New York state. the develop—

ment of children. alill directing inslrnc
tiolnll procedures.
will he earned through a
."llllllltlliml at the close

r l. , 4

liducatloll l4, Practice
'l‘echniques, completes the probe.
training of umlergraduates. lhis cours

will be scheduled itll' twice-each week
of the junior year alid for eight semes-

r Dr. Mutch Warns Student Group
Against Being

“in college we have dreams of a lu-l-
orllel'. . . . When we
"little ‘tired librrals.’
rcs willi sonic til"

‘ v :\t the

ter hours iii one sc ster of the seliio
year. Credit will he
ticc teaching ' flilly completh
This course ' ' ll those

now existing ' ill methods all
ill lidiiclition s
tlit|tlcs of sct'liii . llil_lil
accompanied by OllnLI'ViIlIOll.
tioll ainl |ll'llt'llt‘t‘ tcacliilig ill the (

illslrilctilli

"l the develop-

Credit for the course
comprehensive
of the junior

'l‘cacliing aild

>curcd when prac-
items
‘ the basic ti-cb-
pal ’l

5
School. ll

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 21, 1935

 

SPORT SHOTS

Once again our basketeers portrayed
low comedy roles. The highly-touted
M. I. T. juggernaut has only those ducky
sweat-suits to be proud of. By tlle end
of the third period, the Massachusotts
lads looked like a group of bewildered
guinea pigs trying to battle their way
out of an animal maze.

After a steady diet of farce. we
are due for a bit of tragedy. Hark
well, my mates—Brooklyn Poly
downed our hopefuls once already
this season. Tomorrow they'll do
it again. Score: Poly 41, State 28.
Address all mail beginning “How do
you do it, you ", “ti ’lost
my life savings on your predictiolis.
you i" to Judge Crater.

The Brooklyn boys may get be-
wildered by the unusual sight of a
full-dressed cheering section. What
with tuxedos to the right of
low-cut backs to the left of
etc.. etc.. the basket should be hard
to ﬁnd. Picture Willie Shahen turn-
ing his back-ﬂips tagged out in tails.
Yeah man!
The athletic program will contilnle
with a series of two out of three fall.
fight to a finish wrestling match" at
the Aurania chili. Admission ollly $3.5”.
music by—bllt l digress. Remember to-
niglit's scor's‘: preliminary, llrooklyu
Poly 4]. S lie '18. Ill the main event:
R. l". i. 150. Union 100, State lfl. We
can‘t win.

 

 

 

Faculty Are Attending
National Convention

liiglit members of the
faculty are attending meetings
National Education association
tion at Atlantic City this week.

Dr. A. R. lirubachel', president. is at-

Slate college
of the
convcns

l women. is attending the Dean's coli—
velltioli.

- Otlicrs who are attending the Super-
intendent’s conference are Dr. filton G.
- Nelson, lt.ill: Dr. Arthur l'i. llcik. pro-
fessor of education; Jolili M. Sayles. di—
rector of teacher training; Dr. Robert
W. Frederick, ' .' int professor of edu—
cation: Dr. James ll. Palmer, pro
of education; and Dr. James A.

IS JUNIOR STAR

State Five Defeats
M. l. T. Five 43-15

Brooklyn Polytechnic to be Next
Victim on Page Hall Court
Tomorrow Night

By Frank I-lardnicyer, ’36
State iiiailitained its victorious
last Saturday by wallopiiig all o
M. I. T. squad on the Page hall court to
the tune of 43-15. The Purple and
Gold defense was air-tight throughout
the contest alld the visnors never earned
a cleali shot at the basket.
Len \l’eltel'. playing his first game as
a regular. led the scoring with ll points,
closely followed liy Dali Finch. who
chalked up a neat total of ill poillts in
addition to playillg a heads-up defensive
game all the way.
pair of juniors. \Velter alld George
llancroft. provided most of tie ire-
works durilig the gaiuc. Welter per-
formed beautifully ulider the Ibasket onl
~ .  . .  '. llotll o 't and defense anl remover
  5:;t...._l:i‘llll..“Altai!” Mum“) ('oach li' s weighty problem of pro-

curing a center for next year. llan—
crofl‘s diving football tactics kept tllc
French  Social crowd on edge tbrouglll'liit the gaiilc alid
Meeting To Feature
Historic Panorama

frequently broke up the M. l. T. attack.
The French l‘ltlll will conduct a so-

The entire squad was working well
and St't‘lll lit til give llroliklyn l’iily a
real test ill tomorrow night's feature coil-

cial meeting till 'l'llcsllay at Szlll) o'clock

in the Lounge of lx'ichardsoli hall, lnlslc

Pugsley, '35, president. announced today.
The program of the meeting Will be all
iliterlnitioual panorama of events tak-
big place ili February lllat are of III-
lt"L‘Sl to liotb the United States al
l‘ lure. This panorama will be pre-
sented iii a slim siou of little skits
showing .nint Valentine's Day. Wash-
il toll alld Lafayette, and lieujamlii
lkliil. Mary 'l'orrens, '35. mill Re-
viil. llarrett. ‘36, are co-cllnirincll.
Two freshmen. Katherine llerber and
Helen ()lski. have been appointed to
the French council by Miss l’ugsley.

George Bancroft, varsity basketball
lllan for tlirc y' president of L was

li'
The llox score is:
State fp
Murray. lf  f
llancl'lift. rf .
Welter. c
Rall, lg'
l-‘incb. rg'.
llyrncs. lg'
Aulyol, rg‘
.ladick, rg

(inrtll. I'f
()‘lll'iell. lf .....
Smith, c .....
llcnton, lg ..
Demo, rg ..
Wojtczuk, If ...
_:ly. . .
l'roilty. lg . . . . . . . . 

NOTICE

Will the person who borrowed a purpli-
silk umbrella from Mrs. llyron. 47 Souili
.akc nvcnile. please return it to her is

:3——ro
‘—‘IQ‘.»J.L::'.n—.

l
l

i

 

professor of child development.
'3 ., . ..

I.
ll

. tcr social
- lczivc. lcl tls llol b-
Let us alliliate oil

gallization for bettering soc

l

u

soon as possible? Tum]

Freshman Squad
Continues Schedule

With Two Games

The freshman basketball squad coll-
linlies their schedule Saturday night at
H115 o'clock. when they will Inch flu-
Miliic lligll school squad on lllt' l’ngt'
hall court.

I O ‘,
‘Chronlc Ob jectors
York State Young Men's

1' assoi" 'ill. and Miss Mar—
garet \\'iiliil. secretary to llll‘ Student
‘ 'slillli nlovclnclit ill New York State.
Miss llclcn ll. Morcland, dean ot

llle \'cw

Tea Dance To Be
At Aurania Club

Music of Gene Sammarco and
His Californians to Fea-
ture Afternoon Affair

Gene Salllnial'co and his Californians
will be the unisicians featured at the
annual Junior tea-dance Saturday of-
ternoon from .lztlf) until 00 o'clock at
the Alirauia -l| "'iii' 5, to ’
Winter, gent
These mus known
their playing at the Hendrick Hudson
hotel ill Troy. and it is expected that
music for the tea dance will be on a
par with other S to social functions.

Faculty lncllll *‘ who will polir at
the tea include Miss M. Annctle Dobbin.
instructor in French, and Miss Caroline

A'stcr. instructor iii mathematics.

Coluniitte ' assisting Miss Wintcr ill
the planning alid arranging of the tea
dance include: Music. Martha Dashnaw,
chairman. Rlltli lfdinunds lltl Sella '
.-\lhrcclit; bills, William Slialien. chair-
man, tier. d Alllyot, and George
Decker; programs. LaVonne 'lsey.
chairman. Margarcf \Voodl'ufl'. nd
Doris llaird; rcfrcsllincnis, Virginia
Flora, chairman. Margaret Dielz. alid
Dorothy Wbytc: floor. l’alil linlger,
rllairlnall, ll‘ y \V'.'.‘I'tllllll. Aligelo
'/.allllici'i. ’tlltl l)llllllllll\ St. 'a; l'l '
mid floch Mill‘icl (‘llirkson and hi
ubctli Hartline: invitations. lilnliia Mead,
“lairm. l. and Marjorie St. Aiilalld:
publicity. Marjorie Wllcaton alld Sam-
llcl Silvi all.

It is lcl to the attention of all
juniors going to the luncheon that it“
dance docs not begin until 3:00 o'clock.
thus allowing fililc for dressing and
Iravcliug to lllt' Aurania club.

llids for ten dance will be $1.50 per
couple, and will he on sale today and
ioniorrow in Room X ill the lowcr cor-
ridor of Draper hall.

Lutheran Group
Elects Delegates

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 21, 1935

[Reminiscences Recall Victories

And Defeats Of Junior Class

By Glenn M. Ungerer, ’36, Feature Editor

Through the portals of Draper ball
[1 three hundred high school gradu-
at ty-tllree of wliolii were men, aiid
faced Minerva. State college's patron
goddess and symbol of spirit. on Sep-
tember 18, 19.52.

lll keeping; with tradition, the fresh-
men were twirling ill a fog until they
became thoroughly oriented by sopllo»
liiorc and junior class parties. Activi~
tics day, and G. A. . \VL The
frosh were led to the sophomore party
where they learlicd of State's traditions
aiid sophomore rule‘ Consequently lllcy
wore yellow bow ti s. black cotton Sit
ings and white bibs for one whole week.
and large '36 purple and gold buttons
ulitil Christmas recess. The class of
1936 was the last to have llielnorics of
those enjoyable “so called" hazing days
during which lliany friendships were
made with rival sophomores.

(icorgc liallcroft. Julia Merchant, lid»
ard De Temple and M' a Collllelly
were the class of‘ cis of our freshman
year.

class, ‘30 entered college with

it that has characterized this class
|‘\'L'l’ snlcc. by winning first place ill the
Campus day stunts with the production
of "Street S‘nc." with apologies to
lilnicr Rice. and directed by lictty
(irillin.

in pursuing their sophomorc rivals. the
freshmen entered ~llss rivalry with
fighting spirit. However, they were
overwhelmed by the class of PMS. The
fair freshman co-eds were responsible
for preventing a shut-out by winning the
sophomore-flcshniail basketball game for
women aml the track events on Mining-

day. Nevertheless, memories of
banner rivalry, 'ngs. mascot liliiit, alld
pusllball conic. .ill linger as high—
hills of ‘36's irst year of intel~class
rlv ry.

'l‘llc fl'cslnnllll basketball quintet hail
none too favorable a S‘llsull. llancroft.
Dc ’l‘cniple, Leonard \Vcltcr. Carmelo
Ditiioia. l'alll l'lnlger, (ierald Alilyot.
Don llllililleston alld lidwarll ('ollins
played on the tcanl.

. lay ‘) w ' mic of the social highlights
for the y if as ’30 conducted its first
dinner meeting with Miss Anna Iii.

 

For Conference

lilcnll M. lhig‘ci'cl'. '30, and llclell ll.
Smith. '35. will act as co-dclcgatcs from

the local Lulln-ran club to the allllilal
conference of llll' North Atlantic region
of the Lutheran Student elation of
America. The conference will he coli-
dln'tcd ill Philadelphia tomorrow. Sat-
lirdll i and Sunday. Delegates from col—
leges ' ' 'ar north as llnslon, alid as for
south ‘ .isbingion. D. C.. will attend.

Miss Smith is president of the college
Lillllcran chili and for the l .' _ car Ull-
eerer has been i'cgiol fl urcr of the
Lllflie'lnl Student a..ociation, lie is lllt‘
lirst State college man to hold all ollice
on this regional board.

Pierce, former dean of women,
guest.

Four Will Attend
Press Convention

our members of the S‘l'l"t .'  v:
's board will attend llie annual voll-
ventlon of the Columbia Scholastic Press
's iciatinn ill New York City 'J‘lnirsday.
who and Saturday, March H. 15, and
lo. ’l'hosc representing tllc News are
the scliior members of the board: Ruth
l-I. Wilialn' aild Daniel Van Lcuvall.
cdifors-in-clnef. Mildred Pacer. circu-

 

 

lli the sophomore year, De Temple
was president :llld later was succeeded by
lilaine Baird. Under their direction the
class members hit their stride and treated
the frosli accordingly. The class again
carried off honors on Campus Day with
the siage presentation of “The Woman
ill the Shoe." directed by Marjorie St.
'\l|li'llltl. A to sophomore-freshman
illier-cl' 's why, the sophomores hung
up a string of victories that lilade the
outcome obvious. '36 bowed to the
frosll on the topic. "Resolved: that we
are slowly becoming a lace of lunatics."
lleing so familiar with the subject, ’37
was able to defend the negative side
of the question successfully. The soplls
climaxed rivalry with winning tllc sing
from the freshmen on Moving-up day
alld rercivcd the silver loving-cup.

The grand soiree on April 13 at the
:\lll'ani.'l club rung dowli the cm 'lill on
the first lcl of “130's social enterprises
iii colhgc.

Miss llaird heads the class this year
with lidward Kramcr a v .e-presidcnt.
(Thai-lone Roekow. treasurer, and Jac-
queline livans, secretary.

Now, Juliior Week-end draws nigh.
'l‘omorrow lliglit the juniors will climax
tln‘ce ’ 's of colorful events with
l'l'onl and the crowning of the queen
at the Aurauia club; on Saturday, the
luncheon and tea dalicc for junior' and
their guests will conclude their week-end.

As a tribute to memories and tra-
ditions of Stal‘ and to the Purple alld
(iohl of our Alma Mater. the class of
930 repeat the words aild music of its

. alnln mater, written by Frances
Studebaker. alid sniig‘ iii the liviliglit
of last Moving-lip Day.

State Alma Mater we honor thee;

Softly we sing, a tribute anew.

Stanncb elllls do bring its echo to you,

May it resound, may we spread thy
'andcnr afar.

Leading ils to ii'isdoln‘s light, light as

a star.

Softly we sing and honor file name,
For .‘lll't it spread that noble is thy

fall ,

Minervli’s motto shall be ours now alld
orevel',

Leading us to wisdom's light, light as
H Slill'.

Calendar
Today
ozflfl-dx'appfi Phi Kappa dinner,
University Chili, \‘Vasliiilg-
toil avenue.
Tomorrow
szlfl—l’l'olii tca llallcc bids
luncheon 'c Is on
Room X, to 2:30.
H:lS»—llaskctlnill game, lirooklyn
l’olylecllnic instituti- vs.
State college. Page ball
gymnasium.

and
sale.

iCllorus Will Sing .
0n Station W. G. Y.

Forty-six Members of Group Will
Broadcast Monday at
2:30 O’clock

The State college choral society will
sing over radio station WGY of Selle-
nectady, Monday afternoon at 2:30
o'clock, from the studio at the DeWitt
Clinton hotel of this city. Dr. T. Frett-
crick I-l. andlyli. head of the music
department, will direct the chorus.

The program will include: “Now all
the Woods arc Sleeping." by Johann
Sebastian Bach; “Let their Celestial
Concerts All Unite," by George Fred—
erick I'lrtlltlL‘l; “The Turtle Dove." ar—
ranged by R. Vaughan Williams: Spill—
uillg " i,” by N. A. Rinlsky-Korsakofl';
:lud ‘ away Piper." arranged by H.
Clough—Leightcr.

lie to the liliiited space at the hotel
studio. Dr. (.Tanlllyn will have only
forty- x members of the chorus for the
coucci The section will include:
lst sopranos: Alice Allard, Barbara
Clark, Sylvia Freedman, Mary Lani,
lilizabeth Menry, ' Mlecczek.
llclell Moore. Aline Ruth
Reuss. Inez Roberts. Alili Service, Mar-
ion Shulles. Doris Stone, and Ruth
\Vrigllt.

.an sopranos: Linnea Daniels. Doris
Grant. llclcu ll. Smith, ibeth Sill‘
debaker. France Studeba er, Agnes
‘ and Mary Torrens.

Alt : L ‘xabeth Coville. Kathryn
(‘l'owcll. Lin. llc I-lirsli, l’l. Alice Kemp.
Carla Nielson. Elo'e Shearer, Elizabeth
Slawsoil. Susan Smith, and Katharine
\\’ol'den.

Tenors: Ainyot, \Villiam
l: ' Stewart llarvey, Jobn Halves,
William Jones. Charles Matthews. Er-
nest Mil'liio. Donald ’ackard.

li: : Edward llcrnliolz, David
l\'roinan. Thurston Paul, Evan Pritcli-
ard, George Taylor, Glenn Ungerer.
James Vanderpocl and \Villiam Zillion.

All those selected are to report at the
studio at 2:00 o'clock.

Work on Residence
Hall Is Progressing

During the past week. activity on the
Alumni Residence hall i.’ taken on a
new aspect. W. . lrish & Co.. of
Syracuse, who have the contract to
build the hall. have arrived ill town. and
now have headquarters established on
the P'lrtridge street property.

is ' nation for the foundation is now

being done. mid ill the next few weeks
actual work on the foundation of the
building will be begun.
Willi these new developlllciits in the
erection of the building, plans for the
furnishing of it are also beilig made.
Salliplcs of furniture are being Coll-
sidercd by the committee. alld some are
now on display ill the Alumni oflice ill
Richardson llall.

 

(icrald

rooms ol the Millie lligli '
will be required of all juniors and
senior»

This consolidation of Illl‘ various rc-
quil'cd .’ ' iii education will, It is
believed, provide colitililions alld sequen-
tial dcvcloplnelit of professional ina-
tcr ls. avoid s duplication
which must exist courses are
offered ill a single field. id bring to
all sfudc is a clearer conscionsnccss of
the \‘|lt‘t'l'tl work the State of New York
cxpi. s from the New York State (.ol-
lcgc for 'l‘cacbers.

WILL TAKE ORDER?»

The junior ring committee Will take
orders for ell rings on Monday, Tucs-
day and Wet iitsday lit a table ill the ro-
tunda of Draper hall. according to Vb:-
glnia Flora, '.i(i. chairman. The deposit
is one dolllir.

Until -_lniiior Prom. Anrania club.
to -1

Saturday

The frcslnnaii squad will consist of
.llllll ()‘llricll. l’ctcr lx'odcnrys, l'aul
Schlilitx. Jolnl Mllsko. Lyle Lawton. and
Frank llildclii'and. Two of lllt' regu-
ars. Neal Kane and Ali.- \‘V’I‘
will be unable to play ill the g-

The Milne lligll fire has lh'lll
ccssfill season. with only one
The game will be a duel between two
teams using the salnc brand of basket—
ball. sinrc the Milui arc coached by
Cliff Rail. and the '38 boys are under
the guidaiici~ of George ll icroft. both
regulars on the State ,

Tonight the freshman squad will jour-
ney to Mount Pleasant where they will
"wet the Mount Pleasant High school
squad on the latter's court.

lil their game last Friday at Mechan-
icville. the freshman five were defeated
by their opponents by a (llvl7 score.

women and local adviser to the confers
‘rllrolllc oliiurtol'.’ " Witll this sound cllcc, wch-onn-d the delegates til the open-
bit of philosophy spoken by Dr. Thomas ing scssloll l-rlday nigllt. Dr. . I]
S. Mulch. pastor of the 's l'reshy- llrnhacliei'. president, spoke at tile dln—
church of Schcnit .illy. last ' :iy lilgllt. '
»clld's l‘iilslt'l‘ll State Stildcnt t‘tlll- , Logan, '35. president of flu-
' came to a close after a dinner . W. t'. /\.. and member of Myskania.
ilrday night at the First l'rcs— senior ‘ society. and
bytcriau church of Albany. l’ritcllard .
The theme of lllt' confcrclicc was "So- t‘U-t‘llilll'lllt'll ol‘ the
cilll Security." In file various. ins ll vict 'l‘cil l'._\’t‘l\‘, .l5. .
the possibility of social sc ' y fol all. of the Y. A. mid member in
suggesch iiielliods of obtaining it. and Myskania, was chairman of lllc,_ social
the application of religion to the pi'ob- lionl' conducted l'rlday night it) the
lcln. we discussed. Lounge of Richardson ball. Jayne l'lltt‘k-
Lcade lit the conference included ley. '36, was toa.tnnstress at the dinner.
Miss Rose 'l‘el'lin. licollonlic set" ) " following colleges .\\"|‘I't‘. l'epr —
of the National Young \Vomen's . smiled at the conference: Skidinorc col-
tian associatian Dr. King Gordon. leluler lege. Russell Sage college. Rensselacr
of the Canadian Student Christian move: Polytechnic institute. New l'ultz Nor-
lnciit; Ray Sweetnnni, licld secretary of lllal school,

smlu- llllll' let us avoid the MM “l H
. . .
Actlvrties For ’36
.
luncheon. ‘ Madison To Begin Tomorrow
mm 7” M‘l‘l'w" “‘L' (Continued from lull/e 1, column 4)
mungylunim. IL.“ dance. Alumni“ Robert Folantl: bids. Charlotie Rocknw.
cl: nan, Esther arlson. Glenn Un<
gi.ler; floor. William llaker; programs,
George Bancroft, ellairnlali. Mary Lour-
des Mnrplly. Richard Margisoli; invita-
tions. Carolyn Siniouct. chairman, Julia
er'liant; chaperoues. Jayne Buckley.
cll 'r ' Elizabeth Griflin; refreshments.
Frank l-lardlneyer: flowers and taxis.
Eudora Farrell. chairman. Elizabeth Hob-
bie. Vincent Donahue; prom queen ar-
rangements, Vera Shinners. chairman.
Joseph Ouellettc Ethel Scllllck; pub-
licity Augusta Ruiz. ellairliiaii. Holdall
Classeil.

l3 :flfl»»Jnllior
lanor.

club, to .

ii :l5~—llasketlnill game.
legc freshmen vs.
High School. Page
g'ylnnasluln.

Monday
2:30-Collcge chorus in program
over station WGY.
Tuesday
4':lfl—Se ior and graduate student
.isscliilily, Page hull nudi-

torluui.

State col-
Millie
ball

 

 

 

 

 

 

lating lnllnagcr, aml William Davidgc.
>———— advertising manager.
. The News has been entered ill a colli—
Lomax To Present petition Fl’ll'll Ulllll'l' college publications
‘ , . spousorci ly tle iciation alid the
Leadbelly Reeltal delegates will learn is relative rating
as compared with the others. The coin
John Lolllax. well-known collector of “min” will feature disc.” I - .
'ihmmm" inn" .l'lcm“ .6 in” “Tail,” ill regard to problems of college publi-
.l”l]|l lawlllt'lll't‘r llllillll‘UCIli'l I“: 1",“ "‘“ll‘j cations. There will be a banquet given
[\t‘lillllll) of [age Ila olr lllt. lltHlllJl. for the delegates at which guest speak-
‘ “"‘llly- M"'."' l '.”'.“l“r 1'“ “WWW” era \\'|ll talk on journalism as it per-
of the Alumni association of New York mi.“ m mm.“
State College for Teachers. I '
I l[footballer]. better fknow/n all "ILUadi '
ie y, is .onla. s limel lnlnstre aln u H
bod -gllard. a gl dilate of lnilisiana To DISTRIBUTE LION
penitentiary. This "king of the twelve The second issue of the State college
string guitar" will present a program of Lion will be distributed today ill the
blues. bnlhlds. alid songs of southern Activities oliicc in the lower floor of
plantation and prison camp life. Draper bull.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

