  

 

 

    

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 11, 1935

 

 tafte College News
' Established by the Cline or me ,

V The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
‘ College for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD

Kant. D. EBERB.......................Edilor-la-0hief
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 s. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Emu A. Roasas.......................News Editor
Beta Zeta, 680 Madison Av nue, 2-3206

Gurus M. UNGERER..................Assoclate Editor
710 Madison Avenue, 8-1838

hm DEXTER..................Asaistant News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

HARRY GUMAER................A88l8tant News Editor
710 Madlso Avenue, 8-1888

Viaomu Sworn................Assistaot News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street, 3-9137

CAROLYN.SIMONET. . ................Business Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi, 286 Quail Street, 24144

JOHN DENO. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assooiate Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

LAUBI'I‘A SELD............Associate Business Manager
206 Western Avenue, 4-5067

THE NEWS SIAFF
Rosella Agostine, Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley, Elsa
Calkins Hulda Clussen, Ruth Edmuiids, Jacqueline Evans,
Ruth lllesple. Marie Geesler Mary Hudson, Aubrey
.Kalbaugh, Margaret Woodrul’l, seniors; Helen Clyde,
label Davidge, Elizabeth Gooding, Eifrieda I‘lill'tli, Eliza-
Herr, Joan Kaplan, Mary Lam, Robert Margiuon,
Mary Plank, Elinor Smalley, Phyllis Vermllyc, juniors;
Betty Appiedoorn, Rose Berkowitz, Mildred Bodin, William
Bradt, Anne Burr, Frances Cahiil, Helen Calleiiius.
Kathryn Carlson, Richard Cox, Alvena DcLong, Warren
Densmore, Antoinette Don Vito, Elizabeth Driscoll. Jeanne
Jlldgcumbe. Ruth Frost, Ella Gifford, Muriel Goldberg,
Merriam Gould. Marjorie .Tobson, Phyllis Jobson, Rose
Kurkhlll, Charlotte Libman, Jean Licheiistcin, Josephine
Maurice, Mary McClung. Lillian Masher, liuth Mullen,
Helen Olski, Theresa Palmer, Dorothy Robinson, Mae
Rosenbeck, Adelaide Schmid, Jean Shaver, Martha Sheehy,
David Smith. Muriel Stewart, Ruth Thompson, Mary 'lobin.
Ramona Van Wle, Sophie Wolzak, sophomores.

1935 Member 1936
Dssocioied Colleoiale Press

Distributor of

Collegiate Digest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at postooﬂice, Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

The NEWS does not necessarily endorse sentiments
expressed in contributions. No communications will be
printed unless the writers’ names are left with the Editor-
in-Chief of the News. Anonymity will be preserved if so
desired. The News does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

 

PRINTED nv BOYD PRINTING Co., Iuo., ALBANY, N. Y.

 

Vol. XX, No. 3 October ll, 1.035 Albany, N. Y.

 

FOR FRESIIMEN MAlNliY

The class of ’39 has been submerged with advice by
their uppcrclass friends on what to do and what not to
do in their years at State. lint we wonder how much
has been told them on what to do to stay in college.

We do not profess to know the why and whcrcloru of
this subject. it has been investigated and sludied and
statistics have been gathered but still n number of
freshmen fail to meet the requirements aml bid this
institution farewell alter a brief stay. But we have
eyes that lmvc seen in the years we have been here, and
we have biddcii good-bye to several who have strayed
a little to the left or right.

Freshmen, you are in a new situation, one that is
dill'crent from w...it you lmvc cxpcrienccd the past
twelve years. No longer will you lmvc someone to icll
you continually what to do. No longer will Hulncolic
prod you to spend your time proﬁtably. You arc row-
ing your own boat.

Those who can combine pleasure uml business need
not worry about the i'ulnrc of their scholilsllc career.
It is those who [hid the lure of the Commons, lhc. male
and female. element of the College, uml the social life
too atlrnctivc, that ililllll)li‘ sooner or later on the
“billet doux" which provides the ncccusnl‘y check on
such activities.

A college cnnuoi, cooler in degree on one for his. soclul
lll‘c nor are lhci'c job.»~ for such li'nining. llcgui'illcss
of how much one may discredit a book education. it ccr-
lain amount mu~i bc acquired, and with llllr. u inodcralc
education in social life and its ways. thlc cnu oll'cr
you both if you siny. Remember, ll is bollcr lo buic
a piece of lhc cukc lhnn to have no cnkc hi all.

BETTER 'l‘lhll‘IH .\lll‘l COMING

l‘llsowhci'c ill Ibis lnalll‘ ol' the NEWS nppcnrn a
nonrlcning ui'liclc lo lhosc who will lcnvc lbcll' alum
mntcr lhis coining Junc. .\ graph of placements by
the Ap'minlmcnl. linrcnu for thc pnul. four ycill'n has
shown a steady rim» and should, if conditions coulinuc
lo hnprovc, l'i'lill'il lo ils high level of lhc lwcnticu
when ll was uol an uncommon m'i'lll‘l'i'ili'l‘ to place
ninety to one hundred pcr cent of the graduating class.

Many scnlors lnkc lhc. Appointment llnrcuu as an
exisllng ilisliliilioil and give little thought in the
services that ii rcndors in each candidate for a degree
‘lrom thlc collcgc, Simple mathematics will show that
the gruduntcs of lhc class of 1935 were uldcd in
securing positions with salaries that will total over
three hundred iwcnly-iii'c thousand dollars for this
year. A fair present to those departing from their
nlina mater, to say the least.

When one realizes that at least. ninety per cent of
each graduating class hoch to secure leaching posi-
tions, competition is bound to be keen and the prizes

Appointment Bureau is the place where these prizes
come from, there also is the place to go. .

Every student knows the value of acquaintances in
securing a position in his home town. But these posi-
lions are not always available, and the job-seeker
must search elsewhere. To aid these individuals, the
Appointment Bureau attempts to throw all possible
opportunities to' those whom they know may be
capable of ﬁlling the vacancies. Again, each student
must realize the value of being personally acquainted
with this part of State college. For your own ood,
broaden your actuaiiitance in this direction an let
others broaden t eir views of you.

IT IS BUT NEED NOT BE
The boys are rejoicing, the girls have heaved a sigh
of relief, and the freshmen are on their own. The non-
rusliing period is now in force for the next four months
as college life settles back into its usual routine.
We sincerely hope that all of the freshman girls have
enjoyed these two weeks, that they have made a multi-
tude of acquaintances, and at the same time have been
able to take it all with a grain of salt, Those who have
seen only sunshine are apt to see too many clouds
before their ﬁrst semester has ended.
All of the activities at State serve some. usul‘ul pur-
pose, whether it be educational or social. To expect all
to exist on peaceful terms is possible but not probable,
and, with too many of the petty quarrels. goes what is
most valued to us——fricndship.
Upperclassuien have taken the situation lo be an
existing evil, wishing it could be abolished but not know-
ing how. The unknowing newcomers must experience
it and acquire a cynical attitude toward lhc whole busi-
ness. If the uppcrclnssmcu would :llll'llllll‘. to exert
themselves a bil. in the. right direction, much of the
quibbling and unnecessary knife-sticking could be abol-
ished once and for all from the student life of Slate.
ll'i'cslinien come here with high aspirations and a col-
lege spirit for their new :ilmn malcr equally high.
lluilt quickly, their devotion will fall with the same
speed at the slightest provocation. II' the uppei'class-
men and especially the juniors can show the sunn-
l‘ricndsliip next February to their freshman sisters as
they have the past. two weeks perhnps the llrst step in
the solution of the matter can be accomplished.

THEN AND NOW

To speak of l‘lic ltulinn-I‘llhiopinu situation inin
seem to be somewhat unconnected with college life
at Slate, but a little. insight. on the subject mziy some
day be of lirst importance in us here. It is astonishing
how little attention college Sliilli‘llls pay lo outside
all'alrs unless it be an outstanding ulll‘nctlon such as
a world series, champion light. or lhc assassination ol‘
Ilucy Long. Evcii lluly’s war with Elhlopin may have
rcnwnkcucd some interest l)ill lluil also will follow
others into dim memory.
Twenty years ago Sarajevo \\'il.~ thousands of miles
from State’s campus but before lhc l'our-yciir incident.
llint originated in this lilllc low“ of soulhcl'u Europe
ended, six of the student body of Hlnlc college vere
nmoug lhc lhousnnds who had ihcir lives suull‘cd (Jill
by lhc biggest game of all gililll‘s. Now. once again,
the world is a spcclnlor nl nnollu-r ol' lhcsc coiilcsls
being staged in n lair-away si'l'lloll or this so-cullcil
civilized world. It nppenrs to ho ioo dislaiul to worry
about but it: is war and war cun l'cncll out its lingers
tremendous distances.
'1‘“ “WI-Hip“ (,mi’s lilc l'oi' om-K counli'y is patriolic
but. lo light someone clse’s wur just “ain’t sensible".
.\lusl. lhc youth of this counlry jump lo lhc .\‘ll'lilgs
pulled by politicians who keep lbcmsclvcs snl'cly miles
from any scene of coullicl‘! ’l‘hcy uccd iiol if they
lnkc lnil lhc slighicsl interest and activity in nll‘uirs
pertinent lo cvcry individual. The rcsults may be
worth it.

 

A MUST llNl'Hl'Al. .\‘lllll'l‘

.\‘cciug “fly to one hundred ol‘ lhc mcn clcmcnl oi'
lhc ('ollcgc sprinting around on the cumle in front
of Page hall is indeed an unusual sight biil ouc lhui
is indeed gl'alil'yiug. IL is something that the incu
lmvc wnnlcd l'or yours and lhcir ('liiliitli'.~ Inch ilnnlly
i'ccciicd ihcir I'l‘\\'ili‘lla‘. Al lust Slalc has n physical
cducnliou coul‘Hc worihy ol' lhc nnmc i'or lhc Incu.

 

BOOKS: The Skies No Longer
3 Fairy Tale.

 

 

 

G.M.U.

On Sale in lhc ('oop
North to the Orient, by .\nnc \lol'l'ou Lindbergh.
llnl'courl, llrncc nlnl ('lllllllililj'. \cw lork. liliiﬂ. 2.3.?
pages. $22 .311.
A fascinating account of lhc l.uidbcrglis' llighl ol'
um through lhc .\rclic region to lhc (ulcni ls' givcn
by Mrs. (‘hnl'lcs A. Lindbergh. n Iilllllll'l and on c\
pcricnccd il\llll(ll’. 'l‘bc nulhor locum burn-ll n \ci'y
lnlcnlcd wrllcr in prcscnllng dcldih ol' lhc trip in
.i scll'llllllc. ycl rcuduldc mnnnci. I! is in no way
i'llllljllll’lll,l'll, ’l‘hc ollll'y is oilc ol llu' mod bcuulil'ul
jlll'l'i‘s of prose. piiblishod toil“); ('ouclicd in simplicity,
lhc book slill retains nu ndicnluroih Ling.
From lhc couccnlrnlcd poplllnllon of Long Island
and \l'ii~liiligl.on, lhc ‘h‘irius’ look lhc l.lin|bcrghs to
.i sparsely sielllcd l'cgioll in lhc lnnd oI' lhc midnight
sun, in lhc land of uncudiug (In). I‘Iicn lhough lhcl'c
was no room for u slownu‘ny in any of lhc luggage
coinpnl'lman, lhcl‘c is room Ior cici'y rcndcl‘ lo
‘tukc-oll". send and rcccivc I'ndio comnnnncnlions, and
visit with the cskimos.
.\lups by (.‘luirlcs A, l.iudlicl'gh. u :«clcllllnl us \chI us
no aviator, piciuro ihcir ll‘iil’i'l‘ inlo lhc Norihlnnd
.\n nppcndix gives n log of lhc trip and lists. the
pcrsonnl and cuici'gcncy cquipincul carried on the.
ﬂight. The. book was not wrillcn lol‘ gcogruphicnl or
reclclllllic knowledge; nor is ii n guidchook. l'orhaprl
llm rcnson I'or wrillng lhc book cull be given most
clearly in Anne Lindbergh's own words: “For it is
in nu nllcmpt lo cupiurc some of lhc magic that l
havo written this summer’s capcricncc in an attempt
in capture a phase in the. history of travel that is
pci'lnus nnrcpcaiuhlc and, as Hitch, is worth being
recorilml.” The story is famous in itself, and not

 

 

STATESMAN

illusthxhe

 

 

 

 

 

Quotations of the week—ﬁrst prize
to Alice-at-tlic-Bonlire: “I’m glad
to be all licre”—Mcury takes second
with advice to lie-man Dittiiian as
he. tried out for her play: “ You have
to be delicate”—1’1ctiircs of the
week—ﬁrst the typical sorority girl-
t'i'eslunaii struggle at [iitersorority
tea entitled “Dancing Feet on
Foct”——sccoiid Shapiro’s button at
Junior reception—~Pi'otests of the
week—ﬁrst, second and last the need
of good records in the, gym—Now
we’re down to plain goseip—Tho
freshman girl who has been pester-
ing the original Union girl for
Union date—lhc furnace boy who
said he couldn’t keep the art dc-
partmeiit warm—how the crust baked
before the apples in Sabol’s pic—the
reputed relation between 'niididntes
t'or queen and the limited knowledge
01" the. l’rosli--—l'liey sny ﬂint lie-always
uuikes-lhc-sl:itcsnniu llurdmcyor led
the runners up with thirteen voles—
what sororities gyppcd by holdover
dances nl l‘c:i~——l’ollcr.~i say they liked
all the sororily cnlu-swivlull popular
scnior and sisters :lllcndcd classes
with what jcrnt us :1 base rclluilg‘b
ol’ lhis» lnnl may wc nmc so bold us
in mcnlion lhc inixup on lhc poll’er
Hillill‘ incil lhul knppu lhc sisi‘crs guess-
ing :iwhllc-

THE MAN 0]“ STATE

Educators To Meet
Thursday, Friday

For Convocation

'l'bc l'iiivcl‘sity ol' lhc .\‘lulc ol'
.\'cw York will convene l'or lls nnnunl
convoculion on 'l‘hursday and Friday
nl lhc Stale Edncnlion building.
under lhc niispiccs ol' lhc lhull'd ol'
licgcnh‘.

'l‘hc lhcluc ol' lln- couvoculiou this
year i~ <1'l'4lllllill‘i' cducnlion. 'l‘hl~'
subject will bc di<cn<wd wilb rcln-
lion in lln‘ plncc lII Miclcl)‘. l'l‘l'lll llll‘
point of bolli layman nod cducnior;
lls liisloricnl signllicnucc iu'bolh
nation and ~1nlc; nnd lhc philosophy
uiulcrlying pl'cst'lll lrcinb in <cc
unduly cdiicnlion. lulu-r p'oww ol'
the problem will cnlcr lulo lhc dis
ciission :irc lhc lib-Honing lll‘lllllllll‘
on secondary education and llo rc
lnlioli wilb socinl nod economic
wcll'nrc.

'l'lic n czippcllu choir of lhc llcll
jnullu l"l‘nnkliu Iligh .\‘cliool or
llochcslcl‘ will prcwni -c\cl'nl
musical lllllllln'l'~.

.\mong lhc lllallllylihllwl ~jn-illwl'~
:11 [he coniocnlion :IlI'.‘ l-‘dwnrd .\.
l‘llli'lll' oi liliNllllI: Ill, I)l\oli l"l)\,
|Il'cslllclll Ill lilllHli l'lllll'LZl'I lll'. l.l'\\l~
l'crry. principal ol‘ l‘}\cl ‘l modcmv;
llr. llnrold ('nmplu-Il. \upci'inlcndcld
ill. sclloolx .\cw Yolk l'llj; lll'. llnl'l'\'
l’rull. principnl ol' .\lbnny High
school. iIIIIl lli' 'l'hiunn‘ lh'iggs,
)I'Ulll'sull' ol' sci-oudur} cdncnllou.
'l'lllli'lll'lN collcgc. (‘olunlbin Hill-

The large representation of State
college students \‘Vcdiicsdny night
and the intellectual chatter we heard
showed that we lmvc good intentions
in spite of the l'ncl'. that it is seldom
displayed.

Never before in our knowledge has
tllerc been such remnrlulblc interest
displayed by active attendance, not
only by our own student body but,
by outsiders as well.

We do not pretend to be music
critics lull: we would like to think
lhnl we appreciate go'ml music. Cer-
iuiuly the applause, demanding en-
corcs and bonus. is signilicnni: ol' the
general iippeiil.

lircat music, hcanlil'nlly rendered,
certainly trausccmls language. cus-
loms, llllil countries. There was
probably no one who did nol. l'ccl
lhc i'cvcrcncc ol' the llrsl scclion or
who was not thrilled with lhc clash—
ing rhylhm of lhc lasl sci-lions.
One was i'cluclnntly shnkcu l'i'om lhc
musical poi‘l‘i'nlls rniscd by lhc
chorus. nml \vc lmvc sccn their land
through songs rnllicr ilnin lnngungc.

The line :lllclllllHH and ran in-
ll‘l'“.\'l ol' the singers duriinr lhc
cnlirc pcrl'ormnncc bnd lhc ilcsircd
‘I‘~:m'bing cll'ccl on lhc nudicuco.
I'ho only objcclion wn~ lhc man in
lhc sccoml row. cxncl ccnlcr who
~l'i'llli‘il lo have :i scici'c cn~c ol' lhc
lid}."cl.~'.

The military discipline :Is in rcsull
ol‘ long years of lrniuiug i< clcnrly
displayed in Serge .luroll"s nmuucr ol'
culrnncc and dircclion. llis sbnrp
movcmcnls ul‘c insinully rcspoudcd
lo by every Illclubcl' of his chorus.
(‘i-csccmlos. counlcr-Iuovcmcnls. lhun-
‘Icrous climnxcs. nnd almosl cclcslinl
lcnor pni'ls nrc pcrl‘ccily cxccutcll
ulnlcr .lni‘oll"s cxpci'l dlrcclion.
"(‘ourngcous (hiss-licks. be gay,”
llrcir closing numbcr. \\ii.~ :ln oul~
~lnndlng display of lhcir tulculs.
The wild lunlnlizing ihiucc, which
:iccompnuiwl lhc lust song. was in—
dccd n lilling clinqu for a lrcmcn-
-|ou.- culcrinlumcnl.

'l'lll‘l .\ll'h‘ll' ('lll'l‘lLI

 

ARE VISITORS
\\'cck-cnd visilors nl lininnin chap-
lcr of Kappa llcllu llho. II? Houlli
linkc nvcnuc. were licoi'gc lliscrl.
‘Illl. llonnld llcucdicl. ’13-], and Wil-
linm Jones, ’35.

Board Tb—SeEact
Sophomore Editors

The S'luvru Comma .\‘nws board
will selecl. desk editors for the coming
_vcnr, on lhc basis 01' work done, dur-
lug lhc next six weeks. ll‘ronl three
lo livc mpbomore reporters will be
proinolcd to these positions.

Sophomore reporters are asked to
l‘i‘plll'l Monday. Tuesday and Wednes-
dn)‘ nights to lhc Nicws oilicc to do
copyrcuding. prool'rcndiug and bend
liuc wriling. l’l'omollon will be, based
on iulcrcsl nlul nil-round ability in

 

 

\i-l'~ll_\'.

Uni-c ugnlu llumc l’opulnl'ily will
mukc lIl‘l‘ cuirnncc iulo lhc ~olcmu
conllnc~ oi l’ngc bull auditorium dur-
ing nsscmldy Ibis morning. an ol
lhc llvc cnudldulcs clam-ll as c.\-
l'llilllill'o ol' licuuiy hhl neck by the
~ludcnl n~~cmb|y will I‘ccclic hcl'
sliilll‘ and will conliuuc lhc dynnsly
o‘ (‘niupih lguccus bcgun in 1212:).

'l'hc livc cuudldnicm nll llll‘llllll'l‘ri oi'
lln- wnhu‘ I'lun', will pl'cm-Ill lhcm-
when :ln n-~pirnnls Ioi' lhc lllglkml
\ollic award that the :iludcni insem-
l)l_\' lll‘olll\\>. 'I'hcy uic .lnyuc lluck-
h-y, Eliznbclh lil'llllll, lliln linne,
l'll'lllil'l'r‘i Htutlcbnkcr, nud .\lill'jill'lt‘
\l'liculon. 'l‘hc lnvoi‘ilc ol‘ this morn-
ing will be lhc lhlrlccnlh in a line of
which all lniic bccn members of .\lyn-
knnin, senior lionoi'nl'y socicly, cxccpi
lwo, and of which sl.\' lmvc bccn
blondcs, ll\l‘ bruncllcs, and one u
lllian. ill the live candidates to be
proncnlcd this morning, bruncllcs
lmvc n mujorlly of one.

The queen who is annually selected
as outstanding in beauty, popularity,
and lcadcrship in extra—curriculnr uc-
livitios will preside over the annual
Campus llay activities on October
:36. The candidate receiving the high-
cst number of voles .vill he queen,
and she will be attended by lwo of
her erstwhile competitors. Two at-
tcndants from each of the three lower
classes as well as a train bearer will

 

 

will go to those who go after them. And, as the

merely on the merit of the author’s name.

 

complete the royal procession. ’l‘lie

Conjectures on Campus
Are in Air As Balloting Nears

lhc journnlisl lc llcld.

Queen

quccn will nsccnd hcl' lhi'onc us lhc
opening ceremony on the night of
('nuipus day and will view lhc clues
~luul< which nl'c lo bc jll'i‘nl‘llll‘ll l'or
lhc culcl‘lnlumcnl ol' hcr court.

\ll-‘s llnl'l‘lcl ll. ‘l'l'il l'l\'l'l\. ’il
(‘ninpn‘ l‘lnccu will ln' [Ili'il'lll and
will crown lhc ucw qnccn.

.\llw lllll‘l\ll"\' is n iucuilu-I' Ill
\l_\>l\:l|ll:i. ~culor hollorai'v :-ocicl\'.
:lcbnlc conch ol lnll'o nhu'nl ulld
[vi-dunno dcbulc. .\llt'lill dll'cclor ol'
lhc \oung \\'oiucn'\ l‘lll'l‘llilll :I.~
~ocinlion. and National .\‘ludcnl
l"cdcl'nllou ol' .\illl'l‘li'il dclcgnlc Inst
\i'Hi'.

.\liss lii'llllll is n Incmbcr ol'
.\l'YFlUIlllil, M‘llllll‘ llollol'ul'v ~0clcll’.
and ii Iucmbcr ol' lii'umulics and All
ilhhlll‘lllllllll.

.\liss l\'unc l3 \icc prcsidcul ol' the
licsidcucc council, and \Hls .lunior
l’roin (Juccu lusl .\‘cnr.

.\li» Hludcbnkcr is lll'l'nlili‘lll ol'
.\lllhll' council, a member of
.\lysknnin, m-Illol' honorary sol'lclv,
and sludcut ilr‘ih'iil'llllllill mlng ll‘illll'll‘.

Miss \\'hculon is pi'cslilclll ol' the

llrumnlics nml Ari ussoiinlion.
. The list. of former queens includes
iour members of llcltu ()megn, four
ol Ein l’hi, three from l‘sl (illliililil,
and one member of Kappa Delta. 01’
this yci:i"s candidates, Miss thaton
and Miss Buckley are members of Psi
(.‘nmmn, Miss Grillin of Elli I’hl, Mics
Kane of Chi Sigma Theta, and Miss
Studebaker of Delta Omega.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 11, 1935

 

Sports Program
Has Men’s Support

Varied Sports .To Be Available
During Season Through
Efforts of Coach

 

.linsolnill and touch foolbnll at the
present are receiving the support of
the men of lhc college in the new
intru-murnl prog'um instituted this
year by Couch \V. lrviug Gocwcy,
and 'l‘houuis lhirrington, ’37, presi-
dent ol.’ the intrn—murnl nseoeintion.
’l‘ouch t'oolbnll games are played
each 'l‘ucsdny, with two gniiics sched-
uled for each date; and on 'l‘hiirs-
days, softbnll games are scheduled,
with two games also played each
afternoon. l’ostcd schedules indicate
the lcums which are in play on the.
respective days.

On Novcmbcr l, the program will
be revised somewhat. nml soccer will
lake lhc place oi" buscbnll for the
rest ol:' the full season.

As no added l’culurc ol' lhc iulrn
mu'ul program lhis ycnr. llli' l‘ncili
lies of lhc Young .\lcn's llchrcw
.‘lssocinliou will be pluccd n1 lhc dis
pounl ol" lhc mcu ol' lhc collcgc, and
will pi'cscnl :in oppoi'luully l'ol‘
swimming. bowling. cli; \rrnngc
nlciils :li'i- uol complclc uud no Hl'lll‘ll'
lilo can bc prcscnlcd. but (‘onch
(iocwcy c\pi-cls lo ll:l\l' complclc
(lcluils williin lhc ncxl lwo wccks.

\\'ilh lhc new lloor in lhc gym,
llun'c hnvc bccn consldcrnblc inquirics
us to lhc purposc ol' llu' :uldillonnl
markings in addition to lb.- bn<kclbull
lines. 'l'bcsv markings .‘Il'l‘ l'or bud-
ininlon, which will bc inc‘uilcd in
the, lllll'.‘l~ll|lll'.‘ll progrum also in lhc
ncni' l’ulurc, us soon as lhc ncccssury
cquipmcnl nrrivca. This game will
continue lhronghoul lhc winlcr season.

'l‘hrough lhc cll'oi'ls ol' rillc cn-
thusinsis :md liobcri licucdicl, ’IlT,
‘niigc pruclicc will also bc :ivuilablc
in the intrnnnu'ul sporls licld. A
rille club is in lhc process of organi-
lellOll lo bc :i mcmbcr wilb lhc
.\‘niiounl llillc .-\~'.~’ocl:lllilll; :lllll lhc
’l‘roop li armory will bc :li'uilnblc
for range pl'nclicc. 'l'hc lllllll murnl
nssociulion is [Illl'l'l|;|.\lll‘_' ~c\ci'ul rillc~
l"or lhc club, nud :iunnunilion will
be sccul'cd through lhc nssocinlion.

In :ulllilion lo lhcsc oi-gunlm'd
sporin, wrcslliug, lmnbling, fencing,
and other spoi'ls will bc mudc nvnil
able for ihosc individual." lnlcrcslc
llllll instruction will bc :l\:iil:lblc.

 

Student Payments
Reach New High;

Total Nears $8500

All :llnlosl complclc rcvlsiou ol’
cl:le slnndiugs' rcsullcd \\lll‘ll slnlls
lics were compiled \\'cdnc.<d:i_\' ulg‘bl
'l'I'om lhc $H,lllll rcccivcd up lo lllill
llllll' ll)’ lhc Hllinlcnl llonl'd ol‘ l"innncc
l'roin sludcnl lnx pulvun-nls. 'l‘hc
lolnl is lhc lllj_['lll‘\'l colh-clcd in rcccnl
Il'lh‘li's, lllll‘ lo llll' lll'\\ l'illllj'lll\‘1ll'.\'
pnymcnl rulc Iii-gun lhis _vc:lr.

'l‘ln' l'rcsluucn :ilonc mululnlu Ihcir
l'ormcr slnmllng. llml ol' lcmllug' lhc
i'onr clusscs wilb lwo huudrcd Iiiucly
chcn puli'nu-nlx 'l'hc \cniol‘ clues,
formerly in mwolnl plow. now is .‘ll
lhc llilllillll ol‘ lhc lisl. 'l'hc class ol'
|:l.'ih’ lnw junipul lo wcond plncc
l'l'om lhc lull cud pmiliou. 'l'hc
juniors, wilb onc hundrcd si\l_\' \l‘H'll
puymcnls, arc lbird.

Sillill‘lll l:l\ \i'lll lii- collci'lcil nch
week in room 2115’» in lli'upcl' bull.

 

GROUP ORGANIZES

Aldon llnll, l'ormcl‘l) :1 gmin housc
lyol‘ \\llllll'll, :lnd now :1 group house
for llll‘ll, 1'll‘l'li‘ll llll' l'ollou'lllg olllcl‘l's
ill :1 rcccnl orguuimlion mccllug:
pi‘csldcul, 'l'holons .l, l‘unulnghnm,
'JlI: \icc |I|‘(‘~llll'|il. ll.ill llowucy.
’39; und si-crclni'y ll‘l‘:|~illl‘l'l', Elwood
l“. Mch‘clllcl', 'IlN'.

chcrnl \Illlill .‘ll'll\llll‘\' to!" NW
coming ycur :Il'c ln'llig ]Il.'lll|il'|l ll‘i’
lhc olllccra nnd un-uibcrs'.

Club To Conduct
Welcome Meeting

'l'llc nuillnunullcs c'ub will coll-
ducl :l .\pccinl mccliuu l'ul‘ lhc
liilllulloll :Ilid \\'cll'o|nc llll lll‘\\ llll'lll
bcrs nc\l 'I'hurmlny. llclobcl' 73-1. nl
7:30 o’clock in lhc Loungc ol'
Richardson bull according lo llosn
l’cl.cl'.~i. ’Zbi, jil‘i'ﬂili'lll.

Al n Inccllng 'l‘ucnduy lughl plan»
for lhc unnunl pni'ly. picnic. and
regular meetings were mndc

SPEAKS TO CLUB
Senator William '1‘. llyrnc ud-
dl'essed tho Newman Club meeting at
4:00 o’clock yesterday in the Lounge
of Richardson linll. This was the

 

lN PAST YEARS

 

 

 

One year ago: The Don Cossack
lussiaii Male chorus made its ﬁrst
appearance at State. . . . Wilfred Al-
l:ll'(l, ’35, was selected by Dr. Harold
'l‘hoinpson to apply for a Rhodes
scholarship. . . . Need of student cin-
ploymcnt shows a six per cent de-
crease.

Five years ago: The College faculty
begins a study of “ Why Do Freshmen
l"|uiik Ont?” . . . Dr. Douinil V.
Smith to speak in 11:10 o’clock as-
sembly on “ School Spirit.” . . . ll‘resh-
mcu parade in assembly as week of
battles and cniluirrnsmnent ends. . . .
lll‘. Adnn liislcy will (illiciutc at nine
illlul'collcginlc football games this
full. . . . Hiudcnl tax is $11.00.

Ten years ago: l.’rol‘cssor David
Hutchinson's government 2 class
meets in ilic Sunday school room in
lhc Unitarian church due to crowded
conditions in l‘llc college buildings. . . .
l'osl for Willi I’ulogoync estimated to
lu- $1.100 nml lo consist of 260 pages.
. . . Every mcinbcr ol’ lhc (’lnss of ’25:
ll:l~' l'ccclvcd n li'ili‘lllllg position. l’i‘o-
l'c~'.~'or John .\I. Hnylcs reports.

The H'ra'ri: l'l)l.|.l<1(lE Nun's was in ils
Icuili ycnr and \\':l.~' ol' lhc ~mnll size.

Dues Collection
For Class of ’37
Will Begin Today

Junior cl:le ducs l'or lhc _\'cni'
llliifi illi \\‘lll lll‘ llll'i'l' (llllllll'h', lll‘i‘lll'll
ing lo the clnss budch pusscd :Il n

class inccling \\'cdncsdny. llucs
collccllon will bcgiu iIqucdlnlcly in
order to mccl scvcrnl bills incurred

by tbc class lo dnlc, Hurry (lumucl',
lrcasurcr. slulcd.

The class pnsscd .‘l i'csolulion lo
conduct the Junior wcckciul in l'ull,
conlinuing lhc prom, luncheon and
lcn ilnncc ol' l'ormcr ycnrs. (‘lnss
mcuibcrs voliug ullirumlivcly on lhc
qucsllon \vcrc lusiruclcd by .\licc
.\llurd, prcsidcni, lhnl lhclr vole
would bc cousidcrcd us :i personal
plcdgc In enpporl lhc ucckcnd
:Icll\'llli‘H.

.lunior ui-ckcnd Ibis .\cnr will bc
on l"clu'uury L’lAAL’L’. 'l'boumn .\lcclmu,
vicc prc<idcul ol' lhc class". is gcnci'ul
‘bnli'lllilll.

Marian Shultes
To Head Junior

Ring Committee

.\lurinu Hlllllll‘H‘ was noun-d clmir
nauu ol‘ lhc .lnnioi‘ liiug commlllcc
:d .‘l Incl-ling ol' lhc i'l:l.~'\' of |le on
\\‘cn|nc-du‘v by .\licc .\llnrd, prcsi
«lcnl. 'l'hc coinlulllcc incluch 'l'hoinns
Ill-ccn. llclcn .\lcliounu, (‘hurlcs .\lnl-
li-u‘s :Iud l'lllznbclh Hludcbukcl'.

llclcn licnu'ny. ’Jlb', will be lhc
qlijlllllillhl'l' rcpvcscnlnlivc on lhc com»
mlllcc. .\liss Hhullcs scrvcd us sopho-
inorc i'cpi'csculnlivc on lhc lllilli com-
inillcc lnsl ycnr.

News Announces
Course For Cubs
Of Business Staff

'l'hc H'l'vrr l'lI||.|‘I:i“ Nuns bonrd
'znuounccs n mum» in _lIIill'Il:|ll\ll4‘
IllHllii‘s~: :Iillllllll\l|'.'lllilll, ullcndnncc
III which i\ I‘i-ipiirwl l'or .‘Ill business
cubs. 'I‘lic i'lIlN‘N‘ will Inn-cl .\londny
noon in room Illll ol’ llrupcl' hull. nnd
will be conducli-d wci-kly. .lohll iii-no
:iud liiiill‘llll Hcld, junior-.\. :ix’sixinul
buslncss munngcv-v. will inell'ucl.

'l‘bc m-w convw in lllll‘lllll'll lo li-uch
lhc l'undnmcnluls ot‘ lhc busincm \i-lc
ol' jourunlimi, pnrcllcling lln- i‘lilil'xi'
which lhc .\'l“.:' one. in Ilic ciliioriul
lll‘lll. .\lclholh ol' coulncliug nullonul

.'|ll\’l'l‘ll\l'l'\, ~clling lmul :idicrllzdug.
nil-writing. cliculnliou un-l circuln
lion promotion will ln- llli‘llllll'll in

llu‘ l’lllll'Ht'.

lntra-Mural Group
Elects Officers

()llicors l'or lhc Iicw'ly fol'mcd men's
lull‘n-murul nlhlcllc nssocinlion wcrc
clcclcd \\'cdnc.~nluy noon with the ca
ccption oi’ prcsidcnt. 'l‘homns lilll'
ringlon, '37, intro mural munngcr,
nuiomnlicully takes this position.

The olhcr ol'llcci's l'or lhc i'cmnlnilcr
ol’ the college ycnr nrc .lohn ll_'un,
’37, vicoprcsidcnl and John ll’lirlcn,
'38, secretary. llovolcs l’or lrcnsnrcr
will be conducted bclwccu Abe \Vns-

 

second meeting of the club this year.

 

History 11 Students Conduct

Questionnaire on Current Issue

Seventy Freshmen
Sign Up For News

 

Any charge that State students
are interested oiil iii the narrow
horizon of college illil’nirs would have Debate Tr ants
been immediately dispelled at the
sight of the many bustling ligiires,iii
the halls of Stale during the past
week. People rushed frantically up
to inquire il’ one considered Italy
juslilicd in her recent moves lll
Ethiopia, and inquired if one lind
pacillst leanings. The. reason for
this? Simply that the History ll
class is conducting a questionnaire to
ﬁnd out the opinion 01’ our students
on the leading topic oi’ the. day.

Answers to lhc questionnaire, iiiiiii- , . .
boring over two hundred at. the "ll'rm‘lt'm “dc “f lh"
present time, are prcpomlernutly in

kunia, senior honorary society.

the tryouts.

question.
“ Resolved, 'l‘hnl, llnly is justified in
either negative, or :illirmniive in ouch “'0 “"""‘“'”” “l Ell””l""-” Al the

issue. The questions asked were ﬁve.
'l'hey follow, with the score.
l. ls llnly justiﬁed in her recent

JOIN CLASS OF ’39

2. Would llnliuu riilc improve (.m-

.‘l. ll’Illu' l'nilcd Slnlcs bcciiiuc iii- “,1,” 0f Svhvnvvtmlv'
volvcd lll war, would you volunlcer e. __._, ,_.__... L,
your services? l5? no. till Ives.

-I. Should lhc l'nilcd Hlulcs rcninin
uculrul in lhc pi'csclll slruggle? l‘.’
no. 228 you.

5. ls llriluin bclng‘ loo aggressive
in hcr dcmnuds.’ lfill no. HI yes.

The i'ncl lhnl lhc mnjorlly ol’
sludculs considcrcd lluly unjuslillcd
.vcl :nhnillcd lhul llnlinn riilc would
improve l'Ilhiopinn condillons sci-ms
soincw'hnl conlrudiclory. .\lso ii is
uppnrcut l'roin lhc nnswcr lo lhc
lhird and i'ourih qucsiions l'hnl Slnlc
sludculs prcl'cr lo rcnlnin oulsidc lhc
bulllc llncs.

How do you l'ccl on the subject?
\nsu'cr lhc qucslionnnirc yoursoll’.
and compare your score with the rest.

FREDETTE'S

'l‘wo more members were ndded to
. n' v ' '. l o in v .' .' ' .'
"low" l” I‘ll‘ml‘hl' “H ""' “'l VG” lllc class~ oi 19:11.1 tlns week with the
('ili‘illlllli‘lll of \lill""ili'i‘ll ll‘chlnci‘ ol'

-' ‘n'ui u). .  " ’ ‘
(litmus in l.iluopi.i. 108 no. 13.. you. Dnhwmm I\' q u "ml Anthony Numb

       

- erplcon,
OPTIC IAN S.

65 “lumbiathWracove Pearl
COMPLETE OPT ICAi. seav ,

Editorial Classes

Seventy students registered for the

. News editorial cub classes to be con.
WI“ 6 Tue3day ducted Monday and Tuesday noons,
'1.‘ryouts i‘or intramural debate will Ill? 11 HGIWI'HI Illcellllg of the classes on
be. conducted Tuesday at 4:15 o’clock Monduy- Students “’l'0 were “0t Pl‘ea'
in room 30 of Richardson ball. This l‘lll t0 register may do SO either M011-
is the ﬁrst function of the new ﬁlm“. (lily ()l' 'l‘lliBl-Hllly "00" ill l'OOlIl 111 Of
nun-u] debate Iniognuu in charge of l)l'll|l(,'l' llilll, \\'llL‘ll lllC SCPlll'llljl‘. classes
Jayne llncklcy, ’30, vice-president of “'1” llt‘ll‘lll.
Debate council and member of Mys-

licl'ty (ioodlug, member of the edi-
torial stall? of the NEWS, and Harry

Both "10“ and “Dine” "lny enter (illllllllll',llHHlStlllll; "(5W5 cdil‘or,juuiors,
Each tryout must (lg. \vill teach the Monday and Tuesday
liver u live minute speech on the ("Ila-“'5.I‘I‘Hlltlctwoly-

 

ANNEX

You’ll ﬁnd
the very best
Ice Cream in

Town
W A G A R ’ S

For the daily
snack

For parties
large and small

 

 

 

 

FOLDERS DUE TUESDAY

Senior l'oldcrs mn<l lll‘ l‘i‘llll'lll‘ll
lo lhc .\Illlllllllllll'lll llurcuu by
'l‘ucsdny. :Ii'ol‘diuLr lo .'\li~‘,~' I'Iduu
.owcricc. sccrclnry ol' lhc llurcnu,
l"ohlcr.~ nrc ilol to bc kcpl uniil lhc
piciurcs ni'c rccciicd. but photo.
graphs nuisl bc bnlnlcd in by 'l'lI:iIIk~‘

 

 

ALDEN
215 Western Ave.
SANDWICHES—LUNCHES—ICE CREAM
Phone 4-2070
Delivery Service

 

 

 

BY A PEN

THAT RUNS DRY, LOSES ITS

3%-?

Hence Parker Created 102% More Ink Capaci

‘ y

 

 

 

sermon, ’38, and (lornld Amyol, ’Jlli.

 

   

ty and

Visible Ink Supply

a a???

       

 

“illii-oiiii Harvard to Southern California

"Valued (,y 310”; Shun.” IS 'l‘llil‘l‘rl why thousands ol'i-iludcnls nro
rcplncuig ihcirpresentpcnswilli iliisrcv-

limit 41” Other .Slilllllﬂl'd olulionnry new l’arkcr Vill'lllllilllU‘t'llll
[grands C‘Hnbiuml visible ink supply and 102% nioi‘colii.
By holding this mir-
uclo writer lo the light,
they can see the ink lcvcl
win-o days uhcnd if it's
running low. It is lumi-
nniod—biiill up ring
upon ring of shimmering
Pearl and Jclwsmari,
velvet-like, wholly ox-
elusive.
It contains no rubber
can found in sac-1y re
pens—no squirt-gun pis-

l'licry limo that you Jill“ TWO WAYS
wrilc, your Train of
Thought flushes uloug
rails inoro dcllcnio llnui
gnuunllli‘l‘. And every
pcliy nnnoynIicc-—-cvory
lllrllldi'llilllj'ililllsi‘ll by ii ﬂ”, hiya/may“,
pen that ski is and runs \ I 61
dry lll l-Jliiil)’ periods, 91-”an ”’
i‘lil-Hl'ﬁ, or cxenis, ob-  ‘ '
sirucls lhc truck and de-
rails the lruin. ‘

 
    
 
  

’ r ﬂ 1
.’./,:'.§ 2.4. n‘... Jam:

.‘r r V
fru.’ (’3 (' i /.‘./I

9/}111' viii} ."7
/

 

 

 

WII’NOUT “HUSH/ith

 

lou pump like other snclcss poms——
nothing to render ii. usclcss later on.
'l‘lnit's why it is guaranteed mechani-
cally pcrlcct. Co to any good store
sclling min and try it yourself. The
Parker Il'cn Company, Jluicsville, Wis.

earl...-

WVACI/MATICW-B
GUMANTHD MHMAHIIMW "Ml"

halur, $5; Pencils, $2.50.
OvarvSlzo, $l0 $3.50, and $5

 

 

Wizdlunily—li’oss edeml Service survey
for “Sales Management" magazine.

Page 3 r

    

   
  
  
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
    
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

    

    
    
    
      
       
    
     

  
  
  
   
 
  

     
    
   
 

   
    
    
   

  

   
  
   
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
    
   
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 
    
    
  
    
  
    
       
   
  
  
     
   
   
    
  
    
     
   
     
      
    
   
  
     
    
      
    
        
    
   
  
  

   

