 

 

Haliback
DUANE PURVIS
Purdue University

Quarterback
ROBERT H. GRAYSON
Stanford University

Guard
GEORGE BARCLAY
University of North Carolina

Tackle
LAWRENCE H. LUTZ

University of California

End
JOHN PENNYPACKER

University of Pennsylvania

 

 

 

 

 

/%llégiatc‘ 'Eioesi’s
ALL-AMERICAN FOOTBALL SELECTIONS

 

 

Fullback and Captain
FRANCIS LUND

‘ University of Minnesota

THE nation's greatest group of football "experts" has spoken! We present to you on this
page the All—American eleven of the thousands of students who cast their ballots in the
first nation-wide poll to be conducted in the history of modern football to select a truly
collegiate honor eleven. This team, composed of the greatest stars of the 1934 season, has
been selected entirely by students now attendin institutions oi higher learning in the Unite
States, who voted in the COLLEGIATE DIGESi Ail-American Poll.

From all sections of the country came repeated recognition of the greatness of the Uni-
versity of Minnesota Gophers—Big Ten champions—and the votes piled up for Francis
“Pug” Lund and his teammates attest to the great popularity and acknowledged prowess of
Bernie Bierman's proteges. Ballots from all sections of the country placed this ‘ reat ball
carrier as the man to ca tain the team from the lullback position. He was nominated as a part
of the teams listed on t e lar er'majority of the ballots, and he was mentioned as a candidate
to play every position in the ackfield ol this great mythical eleven. Despite the fact that he
has sustained two broken fingers, a bro en thumb, sprained back and injured knee, Lund has
never missed a game in three years. This 21-year-old, 183-pound Gopher played his last ear
with an average gain of 6.6 yards on running lays, kicked for an average of 38 yards rom
the line of scrimma e, and completed nearly halal his passes. He scored 30 points in confer-
ence competition t is past year.

If the college football fans' own eleven were to take to the field under the direction of
Captain Lund, e would be assisted in the backfield by Duane Purvis, Purdue Universit 's
offensive and defensive star, Fred Berries, Jr., the Navy's ace ball carrier, and Robert .
"Bobby" Grayson, Stanford University's leading scorer (sixty points this season) and consid-
ered by many to be t e "most dangerous ball carrier in America.” The gridiron exploits of
this famed trio would fill volume upon volume in any‘ encyclopedia of football, and we can
pay them no reater honor than to say that they are considered by their classmates throughout
the nation to e the greatest to play their respective positions during the 1934 season.

As pivot-man for the COLLEGlATE DlGEST All-American aggregation the thousands
participating in the poll selected John J. "Jack" Robinson, Notre Dame University's last-
thinking center. A sure dia nostician of pla 5, Robinson was as effective at delensive play as
he was accurate at assin t e ball. On eit er side of Robinson we find George Barclay of
the University of orth aroiina, and J. Regis Monahan, of Ohio State University, holding
down the guard positions. Barclay, often referred to as the one-man football team, and
Monahan, a great place kicker as well as delensive star, are two of the most versatile men in
the country playing this position. Speed, great ability to discern opponents' plays, and feroc-
ity in charging and blocking are the grid qualities possessed by Lawrence H. 'Larry" Lutz,
of the University of California, and William "Bill" Lee, of the University of Alabama, winners
of the tackle positions. Both are exceptional performers, and have won high recognition for
their ability to open holes for their backlield teammates. You will remember that Lutz played
more football per season in the last two seasons than any other of the California gridders,
and that Lee was one of the most inspiring captains to head a collegiate team this season.

The nation's colle ians again turned to the championship Gopher eleven when they
selected Frank “Butch” Larson to play an end position. As alternate captain of the Minnesota
eleven, Larson was the inspiration behind the smothering Gopher delensive. likp; Lumi
he sa she is a ure SWede, is six feet three, and 92 years old. n the other ﬂank of the
COLLEGlATE BIGEST All-American team we find John 5. Penny acker, captain of the Uni-
versity of Pennsylvania gridmen'. Pennypacker is a three-letter ath ete, and one of the fastest
ends on the 1934 gridiron.

 

 

 

Haffback
FRED BORRIES, JR.
U. 5. Naval Academy

Center
JOHN J. ROBINSON
Notre Dame University

J. REGIS MONAHAN
Ohio State University

Tackle
WILLIAM LEE
UniVersity of Alabama

End
FRANK LARSON
University of Minnesota

 

