. . .
Music Association
.
Operetta WI“ Be ’
.
Japanese ‘Mtkado
The State college Music association
will sponsor the production of the Gilbert
and Sullivan operetta. “The Mikado",
under the direction of Marjorie Wheaten.
'36, March 2‘) aml 30, in the auditorium
of Page hall. I
The ast which has been chosen Is:
Knku, \Viiliam Baker, ’36; Nanki-poo,
\Villiam Jones. ’ ‘1; . i JamesVan-
tlerpoel, '37; Pish-tush, George laylor,
‘35; I‘ooh—hah, David Kroman, ‘35; Yum-
ytnn, [\lice Owen, gr'tuate student;
Peep—ho. Alice Allard, '37; Pitti-smg.
Trances Studebaker, ’36; am] Katisha,
Lucile llirsh, ’35. I
The chorus that has been chosen m-
cludcs: first soprauos, Sylvia Freednnm.
Genevieve 'enuott, Inez lx'ob ts, Mary
Zahri , Edna \Vright, seniors, Doris
Stone, ’. i, Ann Service. Mary l\larchetta,
l‘?ii7'l)eth Mettry, Mary Lam. sopho-
mores. and Helen Moore, Sophie Wolzok.
aml Gladys Finster, freshmen; second
sopranos, Helen S ' ’35, and. him:-
beth Studebaker : 1 Jane T. Smith, so-
phomores; aitos. aheth Coville, "d-
uatc stmlent, Kathryn t‘roweii. L 'i:
Nielson, Susan Smith. |.ydia Fisher,
1- \'i‘l ‘ ami Alice. Kemp.
'. . Coulter. lidward
lernholz. " a 111 Paul, seniors, livau
I'ritchard. Philip C: lson aml (ilcnn Utt-
gerer, juniors, Fred Dexter, '37, and
Leonard Freeman. '33. .
The following chairmen of committees
have been appointed by Miss \\’lie:iltitt_:
sets, Norma 'l'aylor. '36; props, Dorls
Stone. ’30; costumes and makeup, Jayne
Ilttckley. ’36; and advertising, Ilclty
Griffin, ’36.

Students To Sign
For Oral Exams
To Be March 22

Seniors atul gratitude students, majors
aml minors in French, Spanish and (jer-
man, may take the state examination for
approval of oral work in these languages.

I (March 23.3). at l :00 o'clock in
.. of Richardson hall.

French students "'niors and gratin—
ate students, major aml minors) will
please sign for the examination in Miss
Dobbin'. oliicc, Room l'i‘, Richardsoni
before Fritlay (February 1."). Spat
students will sign in Mr. Sti
Room l3. Richardson hall. I ‘
dents will sign in Mr. lJeckt-r's ollice,
Room 7. Richardson hall,

liaudidates must pass this written ex-
amination to have temporary approval to
teach in the state of New York.

WILL MEET THURSDAY
There will he a meeting of l’hysirs
club 'l'hursday afternoon at 3:15 o'ciork
in room lStl of llnsled hall, according to

White a on

aml the makingr of plans for

to be held in the spring.

l‘hysics club is open to all students in-
terested in the science of physics.

escrotton
O PTIC IAN S-

. P- F E D ETTE
filialumbinaltl‘ldwrotow Pad/l

IJuniors To Publish

,and Karl I). IEhers, junior..

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 15, 1035

Geo. D. Jeoncy, Prop. Dial 5-1913

Week -End Edition " 5.9212

STThe {t‘ultilor \veelt-K'Zd  of the  
and

’l‘hursday a itluoon instead oi
'll
G11

11
due to the college holiday. Editors-in-
chief for this issue will he limmr. Rog s
198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

managing.r editors, aided by junior ment-
hers of the N15 ‘ s' .

The outer pages will he of yellow.
conforming with the class colors.

ALBANY, N. Y.

11 Ire/ion af 1/": (Mu/17mm!
w/Jrrr (I/Iz-r/i'lg/Iivlr/ Ill/IIIIT’II
(1 rr [Ilrllzl'rr/ (Ind L‘I'orr—lz/rllrlrr/.

Just what is meant'
by cross-blending tobaccos . . . and
how does it make a cigarette milder
and taste better. . .

1/4”, I)! Man/fire you III/cc two or more
fo/mcmr and mix f/lt.‘/Il fQQ't'l/ll.’7‘—— a mf/u/r rim/1A)
/))'0t.'t'.l'.l'. But c‘rorr—A/e/lr/I‘Ipfyour a myr/i/rl/Ier. . .

N makng Chesterﬁeids we take Bright
tobacco from Virginia, the Carolinas,
Georgia and Florida. We take liurlcy tobacco
from Kentucky and 'l‘enness‘ee, and tobacco
from Southern l\’illl')’llllltl.

Then in addition to these home-grown
tobaccos we take tobacco grown in Turkey
and Greece.

\Ve balance these mild, ripe home-grown
tobaccos with the right amounts and the
right: kinds of aromatic 'I‘urkish.

Then, inst ‘ad of just: mixng the tobaccos
together, we blend and ('l‘llJ'.|'~/)/£’H(/ them so
that all the ditlerent l'lavors go together into
one full flavor—the Chesterfield taste that so
many smokers like.

C'rarr—lz/cm/ige [Macros 111 it is r/om' in
C/wrmﬂe/(lr give: the [figure/la (1 [Mann
on: mm am! armed—[Infra mild and

 

COMPLETE OPTICAL SERVICE

3T! '1ch Sadr/3'.

to I'm, LIGGIITT I: Mvnns 'l'omcco Co.

 

State College-

 

 

Von. XIX. No. l»l

JUNIORS T0 CELEBRATE

S'rA'rl: Coma-nae rou 'l‘nacnens, ALnAxv, N. Y., Fiaintuanr 2i, 1.595 $2.25 Per Year. 32 Weekly Issues

 

Education Courses
To Undergo Change

Changes to Aﬂ'ect Class of 1938 Will
Incorporate Two New Educa-
tion Courses

rar-reaching alteration of the pro-
fessional education curriculum require-
ments for undergrtulnatcs is announced
this week in a statement issued to the
News by Dr. Milton (2. Nelson, dean of
the college and chairman of the com-
mittc on curriculum.

The program as revised includes re—
quired work in the sophomore. junior,
aml senior years. The present practice
teaching sched is revised to include
greater professu training.

The statement issued by Dealt Nelson
follows:

(ﬂy I)!‘. .ll. ('1'. .\"l.ron, l)t'llll)

'l‘eaching is a social occupation;
therefore, the education of a teacher
may well begin willt llislory, Euro-
pean History or ll"t ilization.
.‘\n interpretive anal sis nuoniie
and social problems of contemporary so-
ciety should follow History [I or XX
liconom H'ociology l. a six-hour
course, his been organized to give nu-
dcrstandiug of the society of today. and.
beginning with the class of 1938, will
be required of all sophomores except
majors in Commerce.

The formal work in lid ation will
he completely changed, begmning with
the class of l‘)3ii. All of the present
courses in Education, including methods
cour‘ s and practice teaching, will be
consolidated into two courses.

The lirst professional course will be
I'Iducatiou ill, l‘sychology aml l‘iduca-
tion. This course will carry It) hours

(Continued on [ray/c 4, column I)

Juniors To Lunch
Saturday Noon
At Madison Manor

The secoml event of the Junior wcclt-
cml will he the luncheon to he conducted
Saturday at l21llll o'clock noon at the
Madison Manor house. 7l-l Madison are—
nue. The main feature of this luncheon
will be that it is not, like the other
week—end functions. open to outside
guests or Inemhe of the other class '
but it is to he a strictly Junior ' ‘t'

The only guests of the ci: of l').‘lti
will be Dr. llarry W. llastm *. rhair—
man of the lunglish department, and Mrs.
Hastings, and Dr, Harold W. Thomp-
son. professor of linglisb. and Mrs.
'l‘hompson. l)r. 'l‘hmnpsou will he the
guest speaker.

tieneral co-t airmen of the afl'air are
Marjorie Kalait ’t aml Genevieve (Jur-
iey. Frank llardmever will act in the
capacity of toastmaster, intrmhtcing the
speakers. who will include, besides Dr.
'l‘hompsou, lilaine llaird, class presi-
dent, and Iidward Kramer, vice-president.

Tickets for the luncheon will he on
sale all next week in Room X, accord-
ing to the chairmen. There will he a
poster on the main Intlletiu board where
all juniors may sign up.

 

l Wise Wooten Will Wear
l White Or Black At Prom
“ Subject: State college prom; style:
l study in modernism; color motif:
black and white; so an ar st would
a study of the i)! liant as-
ge tomorrow night at the Au-
club. For the consensus of
opmiou would seem to be that the
wise junior femme will adopt. if
only for the night, the role of the
enigma in black, or sweet sixteen in
white.

The queen (whisper, whisper, “who
is she?") has chosen white, as have
her attendant" and Gertrude Mor-
gan, last years ruler. Metal heads.
sequins, and glittering rhinestone clips
will provide the high lights of the
evening, while high uecklines mul
tiny trains will be important items
of fashion.

College To Benefit
State Program

State college is named on the five-year
program of construction made public by
a committee, of the New York State
l‘lauuiug board this week. The report
suggests the expenditure of $273,077.“)(l
throughout the State ami only essential
projects were recommcmled by heads of
state tiepartnwnts, exclusive of Con-
servatiou.

The ci gement of State college is
the only specific Albany project on the
proposed construction list except for road
improvements around the Capital dis»
trict. The construction would include
alterations and additions or extension of
grounds. The State ('nlleg'e for Teach-
ers at lltllizllo, and the Normal schools
jll (,iencsen, Oneonta, I‘otsdam, llrock-
port, Fredonia, Oswego and Cortland
are also named on the board's report.

 

 

 

Again Insatiable Ct

State college is noted intercollegiatcly
for its high entrance requirements. its
forensic artists, its lack of a football
team, 'ts prom queens. Forgotten at
State last week, however, were require-
nu-nts. forensi‘. lav: of elevens: not
out of mind wa the momentous ques-
tion: Who will be crowned queen of
l‘).'lh's prom tomorrow night. livery-
hody, e 'ctpl three or four sets of soror-
ity sister was womlcring how the
junior c ballot had turned out.

l‘si (Jamma‘s I'larriet (ioodenow. ‘34.
was the first of the l’rom dynasty. At
the end of last ye' 1‘ I’rom‘s sixth dance
she yielded crown aIul throne to Chi
Sigma 'i‘heta’s (iertrude Morgan, '35.
Tomorrow night Queen Gertrude will
nfliclate at the coronation of one of
the following juniors (order alpha—
betical) and yield to her the privilege of
reviewing the grand nuirrh: Eta Phi's
blnntlc Virginia Flora: Delta Omega's

 

 

TRADITIONAL WEEK - END

Activities To Open With Promenade
Tomorrow Night At Aurania Club

State's Social Spotlight Shines on Annual Mid-Winter Event;
Grand March to Follow Coronation of 1936 Prom Queen

soct. week-end.

Prom and

DIRECTS WEEK-END

vities of Junior week-end.

 

 

Edward Kramer. vice-president of
the junior class :1an general chairman of
junior weekvcnd.

triosity Queries:

“Who Shall Reign As Prom Queen?”

brunette lletty llartliue; Chi Sigma
Theta’s brunette lt'ita Kane; l’si (iam~
ma’s blomles Mildred Schneider, Nina
Ulhnan; Kappa Delta's hlonde Zelia
Winter.

Aiding and complicating the numer—
ous guesses of the week were these

.‘I.

Favorable chances for a hlomle ammo.I
four hlondes and two brunettes re off-
set by the historical consideration that
the l'rom dynasty has had two hrtmcttes,
no hlondcs.

Campus queens at State college have
numbered seven hloutlcs, live brunettes,
one titiau, the last two being brunettes.
Choices for queen of Campus of course
may or may not have anything in com-
mon with those for queen of Prom.

(,Tampus queens have included five
members of Delta Omega, four of Eta
Phi, one of Kappa Delta, three of Psi
Gaunna. l‘rom queens have come front
Psi Gamma and Chi Sigma Theta.

at Midnight Ceremonies
To the rhythmic strains of lirir Peterson and his orchestra, the junior class and
their guests will trip the light fantastic at the annual traditional mid-winter
Junior promenade to he conducted tomorrow night at the Aurania club, South
Allen street. from 9:30 to Zztlll o'clock.
consecutive promenade of State college anti will he the high light of the Juniors'

This year will mark the thirty-ninth

Edward Kramer. vice-president of the Junior class, is general chairman of the

The tradition of electing a prom queen
has been continued this year. The crown-
ing of this year's queen will take place
at midnight. (iertrude Morgan, '35, last
year’s queen, will ofliciate at the euro.
nation ceremonies and will be assisted
by two junior attendants. The queen
will also have two attendants. After
the crowning the grand march, led by
the general chairman, will pass before
the queen.

The queen was recently elected by the
Junior class from the followim,r candi—
date: Virginia Flora, lletty l-lartline,
l\'ilil \'anc, Mildred Schneider, Nina Uli—
man. ami Zella Winter.

The ballroom will be decorated in blue
and gold.

Dr. Donnal Smith, assistant professor
of history. aml Mrs. Smith, and Mr.
and Mrs. Donald Bryant, instructors in
English. will he the official faculty

.ts of the Junior class.

“it s for the From are $3.50 per couple
ami will he sold today aml tomorrow in
Room X in the lower corridor of Draper
hall. Favors are included with the hills.

Committees ' "tsting Kramer are:
music, Karl l). lthers; decorations. Mar-
tha Martin. chairunm, Philip Carlson,

((‘wl/innrd an. [nu/e 5, Milton» 4)

Group House Tea
Will Be In Lounge
Wednesday At 3:15

The lnter-(iroup llouse council will
sponsor a tea on \\'ednesday from 3:i5
to 5:00 o'clock in the Lounge of Rich-
ardson hall. Margaret Monroe, ‘35. prt.
dent of the council. announced today.
Miss llt'lt‘ll Moreland. dean of women,
will pour at the tea. She will be. a. ',
by Dr. Caroline roasdale. profc
hygiene, aml Mi Margaret ..y

Miss Morel'md d members of
council will \ costumes of the days

 

 

of (ieorge \\’as|mlgtun, and this niotilf
will he carried out throughout the 10'
The couunittecs are as follows: pul-
licity, Y I'Iousc, Sarah Logan, '35
rangements, Wren hall. I-lclen Emet .
'37; decorations, Syddum hall, Mary C.
Hudson, '36. and refresluncnts. Alden
hall, Dorothy lliiler. '3(.

TO ATTEND ASSEMBLY

All members of the senior class
and graduate students are to attend
a special assembly, Tuesday after-
noon nt 4:10 o'clock in the Page hall
auditorium. The purpose of this
assembly will be to confer with

 

Mina Edna M. Lower-ea, secretary
of the appointment bureau. .

 

 

