    

 
 

   
   
    
 
    
        
     
  
     
   
      
      
  

     

 

NM.»-.~..M.

    
  
  

 

 
  
  

Freshman Class

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 4, 1935

 

Has 3'16 Entrants

’39 Has Largest Men’s Faction
of All Classes with 105
Members on Roster

The class of 1039 has three hundred
sixteen menlbers, Miss Elizabeth Van
Dcnbnrgh, registrar, announced to-
day. V

The men, averaging one hundred
ﬁve members, show a marked increase
of forty over the men of the class of
1938. giving the class of 1930 the
largest quota of men in the College
at present.

The following are the names of this
year’s freshman class:

Kathryn Adams, Christine Ades. ltob<
ert Agone, Marlorlc Albrlght, Lucile
Alessandrlni. Elizabeth Allen. George
Amydt, Albert Arehitzcl, Charles Arnold,
Phyllis Arnold. Elizabeth Arthur, Eliza-
beth Austin.

Iidith Bailey, Hclty Halter, Richard
Baticroft. Jennneltc Barlow. Marie
Barry, Emma Beaulnc. Janet Beaure-
gard, ltlta Hem-dict. Albert lterbnry,
Madeline llcl‘L', [tarry Berg-stein, Helen
Bernard. iielen Bii’arella, lnez Billings,
Victoria Hilzi, William Bogosta, Vir-
ginia Bolton. Joseph Roslcy. Ethelyu
llorce. lt‘rcdcrlek Bowman, Agnes llnl'
lien. (‘haris Bump. Ruth Butler. Gladys
Butzgy. Joan Byron.

Catherine Calilas. Joint Caramla, Au-
gust Casper. Ruth Cass, Edith Cassa-
rant. (trace l.‘nstlglionc, Jeanne (.‘hrislcr.
Jane l‘lcsla. llobert. (Ilnrk, Sam (,‘oppo-
lino, Jane (frawt’ord. Sue Crandal],
Mynderl t‘ronnsc, llclcn (,‘rosier.

Edith Davis. Marlon Dayton. l'llennor
Dceker. Brita Dccornlcer. Betty Dodge.
Della Dolnn. Kenneth l)oran, John
Dorinan Margaret Dot-rlanun. l'lail
Downcy, Lester Drvdcn, Marjorie l)1lllll.
llclcii Dunning. Florence Dwyer.

Max Edelsteln. John Educ, lsalicl
Ethlngion. Faith Ellis. Kenneth El-
more, Anna Emery. Herbert. Engel.
('harics Ettinger.

('iara Fagnn. Frances Fallon. Mabel
Farrell. Rexl‘ord Finster. Marlon Fir-
man. Anna Fitzpatrick. Harold Flustcr.
(‘orm-Ilus Foaarty. llilah Foote, Eliza-
br-ih ii‘orcuian. l‘l'arlotte Fox. Lillian
Frank. l‘liiii'lcs Fr! nklln. Leonard Fried-
landcr. \‘ir'rinin r‘urey.

llcrnard (i:1i't’in_\'. Arthur (illlllllt'l'. licr-
ulcc (later. iIeh-n (libsou, I'lllai'crn (lif-
t'ord. Marjorie liliroy. Benjamin (lltliii.
Stephen Godfrey. Patricia (ioldcn. Rob-
ert liormnn. Jeanne liosselein. ilesslc
liruvcs. Harriet (lrccn. Loraine (lrccn,
Wilfred tlrceu. Malvlun (lrossman, Mary
Elizabeth lincntber. Janet (inrney.

Florenci- [laberer_ Ycra Haas. llcnri-
cttn llalhrcich. i-lcrnice Hall. Virginia
Hall. Marv llalpin. Allccn llnusctt.
Kathryn llappel. i’ctcr llnrt. Knlhryn
Hayes. telly l'layt'ord, llclcn llcuzc.
Justlnc Hermann. Julius llershkowllz.
ltobcrt llv-rtwl“. Margaret llickock.
Lillian llincs, Virginia iloagland. Ken-
ncth Holmes. Mildred Holt. Marion it).
lloosc. William ilopkc. Margaret llora.
Joseph llourlnan, Dorothea iloyt. Eliza-
beth linlkn. Dorothy Huntington. Mcr
rill ilnrd.

Saul lklcr.

lloiicvt .leanrny, l'hlna-.\iaric .li-ssc.
Frank Johnson. James Johnson. l'ilt'niml'
.loIn-s.

Vera Kaiser. Anon Kallcknmn, Frank»
lln Kchl'lz. W. t‘ltal‘lcs Kelley, Mildred
Kclsy, Ruth Kerb-y. tlnllc Korstc, Mi-
drcd King, (lllvc King. Frank Kirk-
patrick. Lillian Kittie. (it-rtrudc Kim-k.
.inule Knapp, llcnlricc Koblenz, (.‘ath-
crlne Kricn, Frieda Kurkhlll, Fannie
Kurlansik.

Bernice Lamborton, Anna Lawson.
Mildred Lcnch, Alice Leilarrou, Joseph
Lcesc, (.‘aroll Lehman. llnth Lcwls.
Eliz. Lockwuod. Richard Lmtsanv,

Donald Loomls. ‘l‘honms Lovnln-nti.
ilolon Lowry, Catherine Lynch.

Ellz. McConnell. Eleanor Mctlrerey,
Harold Mactlrcgor, Dorothy Mat-Lean.
l'lillo Mallslc Mildred Maloncy. Cl?"
Mul'lno. lloucr Mnrsl ‘s. Rustin-r Mason
Katherine Mathlsc, M. l‘urolyn Mutticc,
Margaret Mattlson. Ham-l Maycock. Leah
Mekccl, t‘lura Mctculi‘. Mary MI-tzgcr,
l‘arollnc Michon. Marlon Minsi. Ilcutrlce
Monk, ’1‘. l-Jruesl Moore. Mary MUI'L’HIL
Elaine Morse. licrulcc Mosbey. Mildred
Moslci', Joseph Muuglcton, tic-raid M or
]tli_\', .lohn Murphy. Kathleen Murphy,
Margaret Murphy. l‘nthcrluc Murray.

Laura Navarro. Audrey th‘t'. lvldllh
Nelson, Raymond Nihlo. Mary H. Nolan.
Marv Nolsoaux, John North-ll. Shirley
Nuabnum.

Kathryn (i'iirlen. Mary Allt'c ll'llrien,
Mary D'iiomn-ll, lloi‘lH (l'liill'c, Edgar
O'llora. Elizabeth (istrom, Mary Ouderv

  
 

rk.

Arnold i'alndln, Doris i'aimer. .inm-
l'almcr. Mary M l'uppn. 'i‘ Marh
i’cclz, ltuih l’ckursky. Francis Kenneth
I’cuucy. Denis l'cpcr. Rose l'erln. Mary
Pierce. ltlla .lcnu l'nlncl'oy. Santi I'or»
cluc, ill-lea l'rusik. Evelyn l'Iii'cell.

Frank (pinttraa-t-hl.

l'ltnlcrciin itasi-hlatore. Adonua lteo-
tor, Douglas Hector, Marion M. llcinIJin.
l'hyills Reynolds. iticlmrd lllbnor. Sony
Iu-l llobilnton. Marlon llockcfcllcr.
Frances llonan, ll. .loscph Rowland.
llclcu llubln. t‘hnrlcs llundcl. Waller
ituss. Jam-t Illlsar'll.

Mary It). Salerno. i'cnrl Snmllwrg,
ltuih Haxby. ('hartlon Helim-ilh-r. Jam-
b’chuilz. iiclcn Hchwub. l'llcnnor
Schwarlz, Kathryn Schwartz. Jane, E.
Hchwcrzlnmtu, Frances Hl‘uli. lxnrl
Sense, t'imrlcs Sharer, lvldilh Hhenuold.
llcttv Hln-rwootl. Augusta Hhuman. l'l.
l‘alnn-r Shoonds. lluili l-ilnovoy, Man
garet rllrlin. Margaret M. Smith. llcn~
.laniln Solomon. Mary Hmraclnc. James
5 white, Mildred b‘tu inch, Mildred
H roll'cl'. Virginia Strong. .Ican Strong.
l‘hlli: Hullivnn. Mary rim-ct. llopc
chc .

J. liordou ‘l‘abner. Henry (1. 'l‘aylor.
llazci ’i‘hompson. Hlilrley 'i‘hompson,
William ’l‘orrcos. Dorothy 'l‘ravor, Alyce
'l‘rulalt. [Hinton ’i‘ynaa.

l'illcu Upton. Zelda lithe.

Adelaide Voanarelll. l'hnlly Vogei.

Emily \i'iiclawrilti. Juincs Wpddoll.
Michael Wallzo, Juno Wairuth. Charles
Walsh. llaynnmd Walters. l)oroliiy
Warren. lloland Waterman. Maruarot
Webb. Virginia We onor, Jeamte Wein-

cnzcns cannotsj

’l‘he (lrceks are up to their old
tricks. ’l‘he grads can’t. get enough
of State in four years, and they
keep coining back for more. Eta
l’bi welcomed lletty (lrcgory. ’35,
for the weekend. At (lamina Kappa
Phi, Marie [’rindcll. ’B-l, and l‘hnma
Rates, ’31, held sway. Lillian l’ayne,
(trace l’ritclutrd and Aileen Dexter,
all of the class of ’35. were received
at lx’. D. with open arms. I’cg Hill.
’35. stopped oil' at ll. 7.. for a llying
visit 'l‘ucsday. Ruth (loldsmith and
Caroline lt‘itzgerald were guests at
Alpha Rho.

Anne Johnson, ’36. has the honor
of being the ﬁrst pledge of the year
at tlanuna Phi Sigma. while .lane
('ravtou, Yerun ’l‘hompson, and
Marion Young, all of the class of
‘38. were received into formal mem-
bership at Phi Delta.

 

‘Lion’ Announces
Staff Try-outs

(in Activities day. forty-six lresh
men signed up to try out tor the
literary, business, and art stalls of
lhe Slate ('ollcgc Lion.

Try-outs for literary work are: .
l.'litii‘lcs Arnold, mun. llallcy. Yiclorin
llilzi, lucz llilllnes. licllii l)olau. Arlhur
liiilillicl', llcnrictta llilllil‘tflt‘li.’ Mary
llnlpin. Lllllan llincs. Anne lxnlIchmnn.
Mildred King. licntricc Koblcnz, l‘l‘ll‘tlll
Klrkhill. Gertrude Lerner. llnlh Lewis.
Richard Lnnsdalc, l'nlhcrlnc Lynch.
Roger Marsh-rs. (‘arolinc Mlchon, licr
uard Mal'l'rcy. Mary Nolan. lt‘loi'ciit'c
Nellinch. I'itlirnr ll'liara. .loc Rowland.
l'cnrl Sandburg. lintton ‘i'_\nau. Ray
\\'alicrs. Jeanne \\'cl|iln-r;:er.
’l'ry-onts for busincss arc: _
I'hlith llaiicy. lncz lllllina‘s, Yielorm
illlzi. lich-n t'alh-nlus. .lcnnnc l‘lirlslcr.
l'.:~rnard tlni'l‘rcy. llcnrlella llalbrelch.
.\nnc ix'nllcbumn. lcuiricc Knblcpz.
.loscph Lei-so. (ierirudc Lc"ner, ("arolino
Mlthon. Florence \‘clbnch. ltd Snnonds
.l, I'- Spcnl'c. \llllll'l'll Sli'cilt'l‘.

'l‘rv-ouls for art work arc:

only. llllliuus. noun stamina.

College Bonfire
To Be Tomorrow

.\ cnllcgc honlirc aml rally will
take placc tomorrow night at Hzlltl
o’clock ou the Alumni licld bclwccn
Ontario and l’artridgc streets. The
bonlirc was postponed from last
Saturday night on account of rain.‘
’l‘bc program for thc cvcning \\‘lll
includc addresses by [)r. A. ll. llru
bacbcr, president, aml llclcn Ii.
.\iorc|and, dean of women. The prco
deals of lbc classes will also spcak
hriclly.
dance will also be t'caturcd.

Advanced Class

Names Treasurer

Ralph Yau Horn, ’37, was elected
treasurer of the Advanced llrnnmtics
class for the coming year at the
class’s first iuecling last. ’l‘hursday.
Rea La(lrua was named the year’s
supervisor of wardrobe and Iuakcnp.

'l‘hc class will present its iirsl pro-
ductions of the ycur on 'I‘hnrsday
night, ()clobcr Ell. l'llizabelh Mcnry
and Harry linmacr, juniors, will di-
rccl the plays.

Mcmbcrs of thc .v\d‘.'uiiccd lli'ti
malics class are sclcctcd each year
by Miss Agni-s l‘). lt‘utlcrcr, assistant
professor oi" l'Ingiish and instructor
of thc class, from the students of
the pasl year’s l'llcmcutury class.
Members for this year :Irc: Vincent
Donchue, Hugh Norton. nml l)oiollty
Wbytc, seniors; Alice Allard, Lulu
Duil'y, Harry (lumncr, Rea Latirun,
Mary Lam, l'ilizabclh Mcut'y, Lillian
Olson, l'hlwnrd Habol, I‘lloisc Hhcnrcr,
Alma Snyder, l'llizubclh Hltnlcbnkcr,
Agitcs ’|‘orrcns, i’hyilis 'l'ucltcr, and
Ralph \‘anllorn, juniors.

Freshmen To Have
Meeting Tuesday

The freshan class will he orgth
izcd under the supervision of Mys
kunin, senior honorary society, 'l‘ucs
day noon ul 12:00 o’cim-k in room
End of Draper hall.

Nominations for class oiliccrs will
be made and then posted.

Frances Htmicbakor and Frank
Hardmcycr, incmbcrs oi' Mysknuia
and freshman guardians will super
vise the meeting.
Woxlcr, l'hahy White. l'iioiinol‘o Wick-
huin Anthony Wilezyuskl. Leslie Wiley.
Mar orlc Wil l. M. Ann Wiiluon, Eleanor
Wise, (Element Wum', Emerson Wood.
Itath Woolsehlager. Janet Wallitchlcacr.

iiernico Yulfee, llowurd Yorlt.

 

Dr. Brubaclwr Receives
Student Tax Ticket 200

Dr. A. R. Ilrubacher, president,
became an active member of stu-
dent association this past week
when he. became the purchaser of
tax ticket number 200.

thdenl Hoard ot.‘ Finance has
been besieged since the sale began
for special ticket numbers. Jxarl
Ebers, ’36, received ticket 1, Ala
onzo DuMont and John Deno,
juniors, tickets :1 and Il. l'ilenn
ngerer, ’36, carries ticket iii.
(.‘arol Hill, ’Illi, became the lllilth
purchaser and Arnold l’aladin,
’39, owns ticket 500.

LUCILLE BEAUTY SALON
Phone 4-9481

208 Quail Street, near Western Ave.
EVENING APPOINTMENTS

Albany, N. Y.

 

 

ALDEN
215 Western Ave.
SANDWICHES—LUNCHES—ICE CREAM
Phone 4-2070
Delivery Service

 

 

 

 

 

FRANK H.

E V O R Y & C O .
General Printers

0

36—38 BEAVER STREET
91 Steps East of Pearl Street

BlLL’S BARBER SHOP
DE LUXE

62 Robin Street
Finger Waving—Hot Oil Shampooing—Fitch Shampooingf-Massagmg
Facials—Boncilla—Hair Dyeing—Arching—Stngcmg
Wilhelm Streak—Prop. Residence 4-5653

 

 

 

 

 

MADISON SWEET SHOP
Try Our Delicious Hot Sandwiches—Salads and Sandwiches
of All Kinds—We Serve Only The Best
Dial 2-9733 We Deliver
735 Madison Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

Songs, chccrs and a snake.

 

 

Luis Woes, iiqu Wain.
iliiziiiili “liellu. Lois Wonder. Daniel

 

Adelina Zawurn. liclen Zentan.

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 

e 19”. Ltmnrr as him: Term Co.

"0MAHA"—Wz'mzer, one
after the other, of the Ken-
tucky Derby, the Preakness,
and the Belmont

Omaha is an outstanding
horse today.

And in the cigarette world
Chesterﬁeld is outstanding.

Both won their place
strictly on merit.

Apply any test you like—-
Chesterﬁelds stand for the
best there is in cigarettes.

They are milder. . . yet they
let you know you’re smok-
ing. They taste better—give
you real pleasure.

.. for mildncss
.. for better taste

 

‘\

 

 

 

VOL. XX, No. 3

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1935

$2.25 Per Year, 32 Weekly Issue!

 

G.A.A. To Picnic
At lndi£_ Ladder

Outing Buses to Leave College
Tomorrow at 10:00 O’clock
for Annual Affair
The annual Indian Ladder outing
of the Girls’ Athletic association will
be conducted tomorrow. rl‘he oni-
ing will begin at. 10:00 o’clock when
buses leave the college. Faculty
members who will allch will be Dr.
(“-arolinc (‘. ('i'oustitilt', professor of
hygiene; Dr. Elizabeth H. Morris.
assislaul professor of education:
Miss Mnrgarcl I'I. Hitchcock. in~li'l|c-
tor in physical education; and Miss
lsnhcllc Johnston. instructor in

physical education.

’I‘hc committees in charge arc:
general chairman. ltllizabclh Hohhic.
’36; food. lda .lanc lianinioinl. ’37.
and Jean ltldgecumbe and Kathrin
llobbic. sophomores; cuicrinimm-nl.
('lutriottc llockow. ’Illi, llclcn t'lydc.
Elsa Smith. and Elizabeth Moi-ozon-
ski, juniors. and ('harlotlc l’eck. ’Ilh‘;
buses, Mary lClIm-mlort‘. ’Ihi. aInl
Virginia Stool. ’37; faculty. Ruth
Daily, ’36; advertising, Margaret
“of, ’30, l‘llizabeth Strong, ’37, and
Christine Dcrshimcr. ’38; clean-up.
l‘llhcl Liltlc, ’38, Holly linker. ’39.
and Katherine Adams. ’30.

Class Will Give
First Two Plays
On October 31

'l‘wo comedies. one illl original
Slate-written nllrn-sophislicaicd at
fair and the nilit'i‘ a mountaincm
play. will constitute the .\tl\itlit‘t'ti
lll'aliuliics class's lil‘sl bill of [are
for iln- season on 'l'hui'sday night.
(lciolu'i‘ ill. at 8:.‘iti o’clock. in the
auditorium of Page hall. The plny<
will be directed by ltllizabcth Mcnry
and Harry lhinnu-r. juniors.

Mixs .\lcnry’~ play is clilillcd
" liaising lhc Hold.” and wn~ written
for last year‘s playwriling l'lilh‘rw by
Mary \i'aI‘uI-r. an andllor of lin-
(’tilli'sl‘. 'l'hc leads Will be taken by
Vincent Donchuc. 'lo. and Holly
Win-inn. 'JlH. 'l'ln- l‘llsi .tlw im-ludn-~
-itlllll ilili-‘. 'liﬁ. l.v\\i~ .\lIIi'u:'- :llld
\\i|linm Swill. w'liini». and lit-a
Lallt‘uu. 'Jli.

'I'hc ("ml of Dunno-1‘». play nnlu.lr-—
licoi'yc iiicusnll. ‘1li. :Ilid l'iilll lliil
lllltll. ’Ilti.

(‘onuniilccs for .\li~.- Mcut'y’s play
lll'i': sols, Dorothy \\'lll\'lc. 'Illi;
props, Agnes 'l‘orrons, ‘Jii'; makc-up
and costunn-s, Alice Allard. 'Zli,
('onuniltecs for llnmnci"s piily are:
sets. llulpb \'nn lloi'u, ‘ili; prup~.
llliznbelh Hiudclndwr. ’lti‘; Hisllllllt's
uml lilttltc-llp. llugb Norton. ’lili.
(lent-ral committees ni'c: house, Mary
lam, '37: aml advcrlising. l'lllllst'

‘ heater. ’iiT.

 

Coaching Classes
To Be A Feature

In Men’s Program

(illisscs in coaching will be a new
i'cature instituted in the men’s nth-
lolie program this ycal‘ by Coach \\'.
lrving (iocwcy. The classes will be
limited to juniors aml seniors, and
tho periods during which the classes
will be conducted will be arranng
so as to be available to tho lnrgcsl
numbcr of men. About thirty have
signed up for lhc classes to date.

'I'hc classcs will feature coaching
imtruction in lln- vnrsily sports of
basketball, busclutii, football and
track besides some i’umlamcainls of
trains, hockey. and other minor
sports. t‘lasscs will begin as soon
as periods can be arranged.

Intro-Mural Gets
Football Money

The t-t‘lt'll hundred ami lilty dollars
allotted to varsity football in the
1035 ~36 student budget. will be trans-
ferred to the men‘s lnlra-nmrnl iltiiéii»
cialion, according to n luolion passed
by the student association last
Friday.

Football was stricken from the
men’s varsity athletic program for
the year and added to intro-mural

G.A.A. HEAD

Elaine Baird, ‘36. member of
Myskania aml president. of the
tlirls’ .\ililt'llc associaliou. whose
annual lndian Ladder bike will be
ltilillii‘i'ti\\.

Address, Voting
Will Be Pro ram
For 11:10 ssembly

l’rcsidcnt Moore of Skidmorc col-
lcg‘c will tuldi‘css the student tissticia<
tion at the 11:“! :lssclnlle this
morning. l'nnl llulgcr. president of
the silltlt‘lll association and member
of Myskanin. M‘llltil' honorary st-
cicty. announced this week. Yoling
on the live llllllillli‘t‘s for ('ampns
(picen will :ilso take place and a
census will be taken under ihc direc-
lion of the liill'l‘-i'cllglttli~ l"cdcl';llitill
for the put-pow of aiding Albany
churches and Hdh-gc i’cligioli- oi‘
gnniznlions.

llr. Moon-.21 gradualc of the i'ni-
\'t'l‘.~lly Ill. Mismuri. \\'ili .‘Ilt'iilx till
the topic. “'l‘bc linropcan l’olilicnl
Hiluulinu " ilc icccitcd his degree
of .\|..\. at Yale and bi~ |‘li.|). at
liaHai-d. llr. Moore was a professor
of |:~,\‘I'ho|ogy .Il Ilni‘inmulh coiII-gc
.Illll ha~ bet-n lli'r'~ltlt‘lll ul' Skidmuro
-.in:.- illfih.

'l'ltc nommcc- int l'ninpus tpn-on.

vll no Illlu'i'-- oi lio' wniot via“. arc:
.l.'.".iic lill“l\ll'_\. l':ll/.llil'lll iiillllll.
iliil Kano. i"rnucc~ Mudcbakcl'. and
Marjorie \\l|t'.llI|l|.

Vacation Causes
Campus Day Delay

in \ic\\ oi lhc lat-l llml a icccss
lots bccli deviated lot llll' wt-cim-nd
of Member 1'). Paul ilulgct’. 'JI'».
Iii‘c-yidl'lli oi the Student :isstttlillltt“.
tlliiinlllu'cd that Campus day would
llt‘ postponcd until the \\l‘t'lt.'l'l|ll of
lh-lobct' 23..

Iluieer ~l:lln-d that the dircctor~
lini’ llit‘ l‘llllllil‘llll\l‘ t'itlss \illlll\. ltl
lu' pl"'~t'lilt'il on l'nntpus day. are :r-
ioilows: ior tIn- wuiot' class, \it'ltl
‘Ehinncrs: junioi. .loim l'fdwnid‘
wphotlhii‘c. Sally \\ hclun: and fresh
man. «lost-pl. Further op
ptiillllllcltl~ will inc announml lII
n~~cmb|y today.

lsi‘l“t'.

Club Will Meet
Thursday at 4:10

The pity-Hch club will conduct ll.-
lil’nl mot-ling of thc ycal 'i'hnrsdny nl
lzlll o‘clock in room lid). ilcrbcl'l
iiillh'y. 'Illi. jilt"ltit‘ill. \\Iii pi‘csidc.
it will bc a bu‘nn-w tilt-cling with
open discussion of ctll‘i'clll t'\t‘llih lli
science. \'c\\ nn-min-Is arc to be
taken in at llli> incl-line, Reporters
for liic club will also be appointed.
ami il. will be their duty to limp in
lunch will; cui'ront l'lt'illh. and give
u l'cpoi'l of news at the meetings.
The physics club will meet etcry
lwo \yeclvs. alternating wet-ks with
the meetings of the chemistry club.

TO OMIT ISSUE
The Nun‘s will not iv.- llllllinllt'tl
next week on account ot the recess
on Friday. liar] l‘ilici's. editor-iirchiei',

 

sports.

unitollllccll today.

 

Freshman Class
Picks Nominees

Sixty-two Members Make Varied
Choice Possible for the Ofﬁcers
of the First Year

At; the meeting of the freshman
class conducted Tuesday noon, nomi-
nations were made for oilicers for
the year 1935-36. The nominations
For the eight class oiiieers emb'ace
sixty~two members of the class.

These nominated for the various
oilices are as follows: president,
(fleorge Amyot, Edith Bailey, Victoria
l'lilzi, Frances Fallon, Leonard Fried-
lander, Katherine Lynch, Joseph
Mnggleion, Jean Strong, and Dunion
'l‘ynan: vice-president, Christine Ades,
Dolly Halter, Malvina Grossmnn,
Richard Lonsdnie, Kathleen Murphy,
Regina Murphy, June. Palmer, Mary
l’appa, and Edward Simonds; secre-
inry, .loan llyron, Della l)olan,
Marion Dayton, Harriet Green, Vir-
ginia ilnll, Belly Hayford, Robert
iicrtwig, Carolyn Mntxtice, Doris
(i’llarc, nml Pearl Sandberg; treas-
urer, lll("/. Billings, Anna Emery,
(‘ornelins Fogarty, Virginia Furvcy,
Vern Haas, Edna Jesse, Mildred
King, Joseph Leese, Mary O’Donnell.
and Margaret. Hirlin; representative
on men’s athletic council, William
'l‘orrcns, Robert: (lormnn, Henry 'l‘ny-
tor, and Jamcs Jordan; rcprcsenla
live on girls’ athletic council, Helen
Gibson, it‘lorcnce ilabercr, Margaret
llorn, Rulh Kerlcy. Helen Lowry,
I'ilcanor ll'lctlrcvcy, Dorothy Mac-
Lcun, Mary Melzgcr, Joyce Moziack,
Rulb l’ckarsky, nml Deity Sherwood:
reporter. Jean l‘brisicr. Helen (‘rosicr,
Myndcrt (‘rounsc, llcrnard (lail'ney,
l'llizabcl'h Lockwood, and Sylvia
Weiss.

1936 ‘Pedagogue’
Sets Final Date
For Photographs

Next week will he the last week
tor seniors and umlcrclnssmen lo lmvc
their pictures lakcn for the, 1936
I’r'dtlyny/Ilt‘. \'irginia ("vlmppell, ’Ilti,
mlilor-in-chici'. announced today.
Appointments for sittings should be
mndo today in the rotunda of Draper
hall. I'icturcs are being taken by ilic
\Yarrcn K. Yantine studios of lies-
ton in the auditorium of the Uni—
tnrian church on Washington avcnnc
across the street from Draper hall

i

Commerce Club i
I O I I

To Have Exhibition;
(‘omnicrcc club will sponsor an:
oilicc machine cxposilion in the t‘omj
tiltiIlH on 'l'hursday am] Friday, NO-j
\cmbcr T and ti, according to Samuel
Hib’crmun, 'Illi. prcsidcnl, .\|| lhc
alcsl types. of ol'ticc untchiucs will.
be exhibiied and dctnonslrnlcd. I

l

|lcmonstrnlions by Albert ’I'angol‘a.’
champion typist. nml ('Imrlcs aniiiclt.i
‘. H. it. spccd shorthand expert. will
he prt-scnl, Hilycrnmn added.

TO CONTINUE POLICY ‘
'I'hc Mutt ii l'om tor: News will con ‘
tinuc the policy instituted lust ycul :‘
of issuing ahigumcnls to ii-porlt-rs‘
ill \\t't'ls'l_i'. l

illlc hundred sixty student.» of more
than three hundred ﬁfty who applied
will l'l‘t't'lli' employment under llic
l'cdcl'ul l'hucrgcncy llclicl' Adminis
irnlion this year. This number is lin-
snmc as last year, but the compcti
tion has been much grcnlcr, llcan
lielcn H. Morclnnd, i'ncnily director
of the l".itl.|l.A.. pointed out in an
interview with a reporter of thc
Niviws this week. Approximately
eighty of the positions will be filled
in college olliccs and a similar lilllll-
bid" of sludcuis will be employed
outside the college.

"Students who do not live at home
and who do not commute were given
preference in most cases because
Albanians and ctminmters generally
have shelter and hiod provided at

 

 

home,” Miss lliorelaud added.

+“ ‘laoyenﬁi.ttgqu-= ‘ ﬁat; 

 

Week-end Recess to Begin

5:05 Thursday Afternoon

lt‘reShHIen will have their first
taste of college vacation along
with upperclassn‘tcn next. week,
when College classes will close
'l‘hursday afternoon at; 5:05
o’clock, according to Dr. A. R.
llrulmcher, president. The annual
convocation of the Regents of the
State of New York will be con-
ducted in Chancellor’s hall in the
State Education building Thurs-
day night and all day Friday.
Classes will resume Monday morn-
ing at 8:10 o’clock.

hlcniors who are doing their
practice teaching this semester
will teach as usual on Friday as
Millie classes will be in session,
professor John M. Sayies, prin-
cipal of the Milne school, an-
nounced today.

 

 

 

An na Enters
o Appear Here
in Dance Program

Angua Enters, dance mime, will
make her second appearance at State
on Monday. October 28. in the Page
hall auditorium, according to Mar-
jorie \Yheaton. ’36, president of
Dramalics and Art association umler
whose auspices the dancer is being
presented.

Miss Enters will give her program
“ l'ipistulcs and Compositions in Dance
Form”. Her work cannot; be classed
strictly as dancing for site makes
of hcr dances a mirror of hnnmn ex-
periences. At tithes it is dancing
without music. soniclinics without
movement beyond the poclic gesture
of arms aiul body. lly licr inimitable
grasp of mood and action. she paints
a picture against. a inwkgrouml of
rhytluu. Hcr repertoire consists of
approximately one hundred cpisodcs.
witty and wicked. grave and gay.
scilliIIu-Iliill and satirical.

Tickets will be sold during,r lltc
week of (ictobcr :21 in lhc rolnmln
oi' Draper hall. Slndcnls may st'l'lil‘l‘
tickets on prescnl‘niion of lax
tickets or ﬁfty cents.

E. E. Potter Club
Pledges Members

The l‘Idward l‘Ildrcd l'ollcr club
«onduclcd a pledge service for ﬁfteen
I'rcslum-n and one sophomore Monday
night. The new pledges include:
Lawrcncc llcnncli, ’38, and Robert
l‘lark. lx'cnnclh llnruu, Lcsler Hnydcr,
llcxl'ord Finslcr. l'liarlcs Franklin,
llci'unrd Hall'ncy. Richard Lousdalc,
Harold Mnclli‘cg‘ol', Raymond Niblc,
.lohn Not-dell, l‘ldgnr l)’llnre, (lordon
’l'alnn-r. Dnnlou 'l‘ynan, Joseph Wells,
vn-l lino-rum \l'ood. ircsluucn.

 

German Club Sets
Date For Meeting

licimnn club will conduct a social
meeting in the Lonugc of Richardson
hall \Yt'lltlt‘s‘tltly night at 7:3” o’clock.
'I‘ln- coililuillcc for lhc mcciiug conr
sisls ol' .\|icc Itiilcr, ’3“. and Jeanne
Jacobs. and Jane Andrew. juniors.

Applications Surpass Positions;

F .E.R.A. Will Employ 160 Students

Dorothy thtimgau. graduate stu-

deal, has iIccii appointed sludcul
director of the F.ll|l.,\. laircnn un
dcl' \llhn Morciand. to iill lin-
tncancy caused by the resignation
of (trcnl'cl llnnd. graduate student.
Road has nl'ccplctl a position to teach
in lllt' l'olicginlc vclilcl’ this year.

Most of the positions \\'||lllll ilic
college are inchulcd inolcr llc hcad
ings sicuogmphcr. iypisl. clerk. pus“.
render, and laboratory assislnni.
'l‘rnining in scouting, athletics, gym
nasiuni work. swimming, aml Ilillﬁil‘
is given by students in extramural
positions. Students are also our
ployed in thc Young Men’s Christian
association, Jewish connuunity t'clt-
iel', public libraries. department of
social welfare, hospitals, Albany
home for children, and ’l‘rnvclcrs’

Four To Attend

State Conference

One Junior, Three Sophomores
Will Represent College “‘1”
at Cortland Normal

Four delegates have been selected
to represent; the Young Women’s
Christian association of State college
at the annual New York State Stu-
dent conference to be conducted to-
day, tomorrow and Sunday. at
Portland. New York. The confer-
cnce will assemble at the Y.\V.C.A.
l)llll(lill,',[ at (.‘ortlnnd, under the
auspices of the Student Christian
movement in New York state.

The. delegates, Selected by the
members of the Y.W.C.A., are: Vir-
ginia Steel, ’37; Jean Edgccnmbe,
Christine .Dershimer. and Thelma.
Miller, sophomores.

The program this year will center
around vocations and avoeationa
seeming to have the strongest claims
on college youth. Some of the hours
of the conference will be divided into
group meetings; each student enters
the group of her choice. The sub-
jects to be discussed at the ﬁve
groups are: effective means toward
peace, possibility of high religious
life under the present. economic order,
the world task of the Christian group
today, the layman’s and the. church’s
opportunity to rebuild society, and
the consumers’ cooperative league.

(.iroups will be led by Dr. T. Z.
Koo, intermtlionally known lecturer;
Kirby Page of California, noted
author and lecturer; Miss Rose 'l‘erlin,
Economics Secretary. National Stu-
dent ctmncil of tile Y.\\".C.A.; Rev.
liardiner M, Day of \Yilliamstown,
Massachusetts; and Dr. Sam Frank-
lin of New York. formerly of Japan
and now associated with Sherwood
Eddy.

En lish instructor
0 Conduct New
Stagecraft Class

A colii‘sc in slagccrufl has been
added to the curriculum for the com-
ing year. Mr. William G. Hardy, in'
sltructor in English, will conduct
classes in the auditorium of Page hall
on Mondays at 3:20.

As the ctmrse is experimental, coni-
plclc plans have not as yet been
formulated, it is expected that. the
course will carry one hour’s credit,
and will include the study Of lights,
scenery. and other stage details.

The students sclccted to take the
course arc: Alice Allard, Betty Apple-
dooru. Elizabeth llanitls, Susan De
l’cystcr. l’anl Dittman. Lucille Clark,
Muriel lioltilici'g. Mary Lam, Chur-
iotie Libman, Florence Nclbaeh,
.liiilit'c .\'icrmnn. Lillian Olson, Anne
llnnd, .lolm looncy. aml ’l‘helma
Hlntlzci.

Lutheran Welcome
To Be Wednesday

'.nlhc'nn club will conduct ils nn‘
lll..| reception to incoming Lutheran
students next \\'mlncsday. October 23,
at 5:.‘ill o’clock in lhc lt‘ricndship
house at tirlti Hlnlc sll'ccl, according
to (ilenn i'ngcrer. ’lei, president.
Mr. l.(illls‘ (1. Jones, instructor in
l'Ininsh, and Mrs. Jones will be
gucsl~ of the club.

in. (‘habncrs l'I. i-‘ronll.. slndent
pastor. will \vclconic lbc students.
llinncr will he served at .7113 o‘clock.
t‘ommillccs in charge of the recep-
tion include: arrangements. llclcn ll.
Hmiib, graduate student, aml Alice
Kemp, ’IiT: cuterlninnnmt. Miss
Kemp and John Shonenbcrg, '38.

TO WELCOME FRESHMEN
Classical club will conduct a recep-
tion for the freshmen in the Lounge
at Richardson lmll 'l‘ucsdny night at
7:30 o’clock, according to Julia Mer~
chant, ’36, president.

The following oillcers will assist
Miss Merchant in the coming year:
vice-president, Marjorie ’I‘ynwson,
’37; secretary, Marion Tyinesou, ’36;
treasurer. Gladys Armstrong, grad-
uate shutout; reporter, Regina Bar-

 

Aid bu renu.

rail, '36.

