 

 

“a-rv'L» W;:|‘..I“ <

. semen-ma. “r. we

 

Page 2

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS,’NOVEMBER 22, 1935

 

State College News

Established by the Class of ms

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD

Kan. D. Eaaas.......................Editor-iw0hief
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 s. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Emu A. Rooms.......................News Editor
Beta Zeta, 680 Madison Avenue, 2-3260

GLENN M. Human. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assooiate Editor
Edward E. Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0124 ‘

Fan anrnn..................Assislant News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue. 2-4314

Hanan Gunman................Assistant News Editor
Edward . Potter Club, 203 Ontario Street, 2-0424

Vmarura STOEL................Aasistant News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall, 221 Ontario Street, 3-9187

Cancun Smoxsr..................Business Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi. 285 Quail Street, 2-4144

JOHN Dwo. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assooiate Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho. 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Last Sam............Associats Business Manager
206 Western Avenue, 4-5967

THE NEWS STAFF

Spears Emroa
Frank J. Hardmeyer, '30

 

Raroa'rsns

Rosella Agostine, Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckie , Elsa
Calkins, Hulda Ciasseu, Ruth Edmunds, Jacqueline 5idvans,
Buth Gillespie, Marie Gecsler, Mary Hudson, Aubrey
Kaibaugh, Margaret Woodrutf, seniors; Helen Clyde,
Isabel Davidgc, Elizabeth Goodiag, Eltrieda i-iartt, Eliza-
beth Herr, Joan Kapian, Mary Lam, Robert Margison,
Mary Plank. Elinor Smalley, Phyllis Vermilye, Juniors;
Bett ApXIedoorn, Rose Berkowitz, Mildred Bodin, William
Bra t, nae Burr, Frances Cahili, Helen Caileuius.
Kathryn Carlson, Richard Cox, Alvena Deliong, Warren
Densmore, Antoinette Don Vito, Elizabeth Driseoll. Joanne
Edgcumbe, Ruth Frost, Ella Gifford, Muriel Goldberg,
Merriam Gould, Marjorie Jobson, Ph llis .Tobson, Rose
Kurkhill, Charlotte Libman, Jean Lic ensteia, Josephine
iiaurice, Mary McClung. Lillian Masher, Ruth Mullen,
Helen Olski Theresa Palmer, Dorothy Robinson, Mae
losenbeck, Adelaide Schmid, Jean Shaver, Martha Sheehy,
David Smith, Muriel Stewart Ruth Thompson, Mary 'lobln,
Ramona Van Wie. Sophie Woizak, sophomores.

 

 

1935 Member 1936
hssocioted Collegiate Press

Distributor of
Colleéiaie Dib’esl

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-office, Albany, N. Y.

 

 

The News does not necessarily endorse sentiments
e ressed in contributions. No communications will be
printed unless the writers' names are left with the Editor-
in-Chief of the News. Anonymity will be preserved it so
desired. The News does not guarantee to print any or
all communications.

 

PRiN’I‘ED av Bovo Pamrmo Co., Inc., ALBANY, N. Y.

 

.1

Vol. XX, No. 8 November 22, nor. Albany, .\’.

 

ANDl'lElV (‘AliXthillS

Throughout the country, mnny collcgcs uml univer-
sities will observe Monday the anniversary ot' thc birth
ot' Andrcw Cnrucgic, Scottish philanthropist, born in
ilunt’crmlim, Scotland, u huudrcd ycurs ago.

The life story ot’ t‘nrncgic will ('illilll in interest uuy
iiction writtcn. .-\s is clinrnctcristic ot’ grout tigurcs
in world history, ('nrncgic was born in bumble circum
slum-cs. llc cmigrnlcd to this country hi on curly ugc
nnd during thc lust hult' ot' thc ninctccnth ccntury
accumulated onc ot' thc lurgcst, t'ortuncs iu Amcricnn
history.

int llllliln: runny oi’ lhc oihcr (‘rocsuscs ot‘ thnl ngc,
('ut‘ncgli' gnvc his moncy t'rccly to churitics and to Hill-
cntion, so much in fact, that ui'tcr huving contribuicd
ovcr tln'cc hundred lli’ty million dollurs to various usso-
cintions, institutions and cuuscs, In- dicd u compurutivcly
poor mun.

'l"cw mcn in history will huvc thc good thcy llith‘ donc
perpctuutcd as long on (,‘urncgic. ilvcr two hundrcd
(ulucuiionnl institutions in this country nlouc hnvc bcuc
tiicd onc wny or unothcr from his linnncinl nssistuncc.
Such u pcrson’s nn-mnry dcscrvcs to ho honorcd, but
no such i’ot'mulitics nnd cclcbrnlious us will tukc plncc
Monday will cvcr bc nccdcd to mnkc lhc uumc ot' (‘nr
ncgic cndurc an additional hnndrcd ycnrs.

“YARN.”Y IN THE .\l.\l\'l.\'ti

Idl'c is way dill'crcnt indccd, thrcc hundrcd t'Icsbnn-n
will thinlt this morning us tin-y Inurch nbonl lhc nudi
toriniu uud t'cul n tritlc t'oolish ns thcy look nl thc
grinning i'uccs ot‘ thcir sophomorc rivnls iilltl lhc umuscd
csprossious of thc juniors nml ucniors lint, by l\\cl\l'
o'clock it. will l-c just onc morc ndvcnturc in thc collcgc
lit'c ot' thch vcrdnnt pupils.

llivull'y is soon to bcgin in curncsl lllitl tcnch, wc
bopc, lis om- ll'ssoll how to tnkc it, ()nc sidc only con
win, lull win or losc, ovoryonc will bc lhc victor whcu
lhc rcaiults arc inbuluicd. liunnci' rivnlry, sings, dcbutcs,
Innscot hunt. ninl stunts will providc nil lhc oppor-
tuuitlos to t’orm mony lusting t'ricndships uud plcnty
of “yarns” to spin in inter yours.

'l'bcu, too, it will opcn the door t'or participation by
all t’rcslnncn to nuikc lit'c sonnnvhut morc intcrcsting
for those who sllll buvc u longing t'or lhc bomc lircs
our] high school nttnclnncnts. (.‘ollcgc lii’c will bcgin
to bc what it really is.

lint, all in all, it‘ onc can say next May that ho hus
tasted defeat and victory alike. and la nonc tho worsc
for cithcr, he has gnincd whut rivalry has mulcuvoroll

STATE’S UNDERGROUND RAILWAY

Once again those in power have glanced at the cool-
ing breezes without and considered curefully‘the wel-
fare of the hundreds of individuals who daily wend
their way to Hawley library. The result will be pleas-
ing to many of those who have hurriedly scnmpercd
across the per-ister to the warmth ot' the building in
these shortening days. The stairway by the entrance to
the Commons is now open for use.
However, it has brought its problem. Any noise made
on those stairs seems to magnify and echo throughout
the room. There has always been the possible excusable
reverberation of those falling up or down the narrow
passageway to cause suiiicient disturlmncc by one
person. But, many have failed to realize the additional
pundcmonium caused by those talking and laughing at
the bottom ot' the passage. A vote of thanks will be
extended by the students in the library if they will
ﬁnish any conversation in the Commons bct'orc mount-
ing the stairs to silence.

IIITLER AND THE OLYMPICS
Considcrnblc space is being devoted at present in
daily and college ncwspnpcrs alike as to whcthcr or not
the United States shoidd participate in the eleventh
()lympiud to be in Germany next summer. At the some
time, private organizations huvc bccn tlooding thc mulls
with I'M-opngnndu regarding our sending nthlcics to this
quadrennial ut't'nir. 'l‘hc nmjority of opinions scorn to
be i’or this country to rcmniu out because oi" thc uut'uir
conduct ot' the anis towards the .lcw's and Jewish
nthlctcs.
it is universally agreed that Hitler hns dcnlt‘ mnny
blows bclow the bolt. \\'0 hnvc this int’orumtion on
dctinitc :Iuthority. lint, now, despite the fact lhnt:
scvcrnl prominent members ot’ the l'uitcd States
Olympic comiuiitce huvc visited (icrmnuy, delved into
the situation, uud rcturucd with u rcport still form'-
ing our participation, these men how: bccn uttnckcd by
lhc duily und privntc prcss, run by thosc thousuuds ot’
miles from ibc nclunl sccuc ot’ nciivitics nnd cvcnt's.
\\'c in no way uphold Miller for his nctious towards
lhc Jewish people, but neither do we cure to be indoc-
trinntcd by thosc who make up their nrgumcut i’rom
hcursuy and till pngcs ot’ printed Innltcr with clippings
not in cntircty but only thosc purts i’nvm'ing their cnusc,
with which to dclugc the public. .
Somctinn-s onc tights lirc with fire if all is true
what is said to bc lruc, lct cvcry nntiou scnd its
uthlctcs to (icrnmny. Many would bc oi’ thc .lowish
rncc or have Jewish blood. Whut could be morc ironicnl
to lllt‘lcr than to huvc his nntiou taste dct’cut ut' the
hunds ot' those hc hns opprcsscd.’

 

BOOKS: A Non-Political AdVenturous

Novel on Russia.

G.M.U.
(For Hit/c or li’cu/ in I/l(' ('o-op)
Without Armor, by .lnnn-s Hilton. liiltl pngcs. Ncw'
York: \\'illium Morrow and ('ompuny. $2.50.
.lnmcs Hilton is one ot' thosc l'Iuglishmcu who cun
bc u skillcd nud sntist'ying siory~tcllcr. in h‘lmll' ot’
his post novcls ho Inis nitclnptcd sonicihing bcyond lhc
ordinary ‘story’ uinl his tirst book to bc publishcd in
.\mcricu, “And Now (iood-llyc,” wus short livcd, ycl
no morc iovcly tributc to gcntlcncss hns bccn writtcn
in our timc ihun in his “tiooil-liyc, Mr. ('hips." llis

 

 

 

“Lost Horizons," nppcul'ing thrcc ycnrs ngo rcccivcd
morc :ittcniion lull wns pul'tly Inisscd by tho coming ol'
his lntcst novcl to bc publishcd in this country, “With
out .\I'mor." l'i'oin thc l'iug'lisll tillc, “Knight \Yilhoui
Armor.”

’l‘ho :nlvcnturous story which mukcs this noch cntcr
luiuing lics bcbind thc bricl', uncxrdting, obilunry in
thc “'I‘itncs,” onc morning in limb. 'l'hc dcud iililll,
.\insic_v .lcrgwin l"oll|cl'gill, bud scr\cd ns n liritish spy
in prc \vur liussin, nud bud livcd us .‘iil c\ilc in Hibcri-
l'or cighl ycnrs. r\l’tcr childhood nud scvcrnl ycnrs ot'
collcgc lil‘ bod I'ct'llscd l'lli'lllt‘l' cdncnlion .‘iInI \vns scul
to Nibcl'ln lo rcpol'l on llil' Russo .lnpuncsc wnr. licsidcs
gcliing into und oul ot' sci'upcs with lhc linssinn govt-r11
llli‘lll, hc i'cll in inc with n llussiun counlcss nnd snvcd
u liussinn princcss. To sum it up, it is n story ot‘ :ili
l'lnglishlunn sci :ilnidst linssiu's ci\i| wnr.

In dcscl'ibing n ldt oi' tbc wnr i'i'om n llospilul bcd
nnglc, llilton snys ilnlircctly through A. .l. li‘otln-rgill
lllllllll lwo lillssinns lying on cots Iil'ill' hiin, “'l'hcy \\'l‘i‘t'
dcvouily I'cliglous nnd ulso vcry supcrstilious. 'I'lny
bud not thc slighlcst idcu why Ihcir counlrv wus- tight
int,r .lnpnn, lull lhcy ussumcd it must bc God's will."
In h't. l'cicrsburg, ln- I'I'i't'l\i'il othcr iblpl'l'sslolls “'l‘bc
gliilcl' ot’ l‘ossnck linyoncls .'lIlil scurlcl ilnpcl'inl uni
"ol’lns, nud in lhc dnrkcl' lulckgronud, tln- lillgc \t'tl\\llI|L{
muss oi' miscry und corruption through which rcvoln
lionnry currcnts rnn likc thrcuds through doom. .
ll wns l'nscinuting to which thosc c\crchnnging sclnccs
oi' bnrbnric Imignillccncc nnd sordid dcgrndution to
cln-cr tbc iinpcriul slcigh us it swcpi ti\‘t‘l' iln- ~I|o\\'
bound bonlcvnrds.”

'l‘bc noch is vigorous und writing; thc story is
colorl'nl nnd thcrc is on idcu bcbind it :In oIn- Inn\
liinl in lhc concluding ncnlcncc: “Ilc snw lhc moon
and lhc clcur sky through thc window, promising
unotln-i' lluc dny. llc suw lhc cruiscr’s muslhcnd light
shinnncring sol'tly ovcr lhc hurbor. Ilc uInlI'csscd und
got into bcd uml closcd his cycs nnd suddcnlv, t'nlling
nslccp, hc t'cll most mngnillccntly nud boyishly ccrtnin
oi‘ cvci‘yihing, nud cspccinlly ot’ lovc.”

With ull sinccrity, lhc uuihor with his llussinn buck
ground bus wrillcu nu incrcdiblc story with plain stnlc
incnl ot' tools which inukcs lhc book on illusion ot’ nu
uclnul biography. l'Ivcu though his intrmlnction is for
too long in lhut bc covcrs u long scrics oi' incidcnts, hc
kci-ps his rcudcr lu sllspl-llsi', nnd lhc first pugcs run
sivll’llt’ bv, The story in itscli‘ is unimportant, bcing
mcrcly u lii'c of consctlucnccs for tho l‘Iuglislnnnn in n
Ilnssiun nimosphcrc: yct, lhc novcl is n sourcc oi’ cvcr-

 

STATESMAN

 

 

STATE’S STAGE

 

 

 

Dartmouth ﬂies the Union Jack
while winter sports get into full
swing. The motto is: “Don’t Han-
over the girl until she gets home.”
Anne who do you suppose has an
cop pin now! We hope she doesn’t
get stung. Potter club may have
found Eta Phi, but 380 seems to be
stecling mail from thc bush country.
. . . We four 105 we lose our valluncc.
Are there Dryads ﬂitting about
\\"ushington "nrk'! Daniel’s in the
Lion’s den. Wc’ll luudcr for not
having to pull tccth. Eros when we
make a plea that dart throwers be
more pars-hull in their him. We bene-
dictcd to commons love scenes long
enough. . . . It was vonnc day when
the “frowzy biddics” were collin
’cm back to old Kl)“, and they all
cried, “Let’s drink our Phil and
make hcy huyt‘ord tomorrow we die.”
Or, how would you likc to come to
dinner sometime? We'll mnkc marinn
have u soup cutrcc, followed by Mrs.
Murphy’s chowdcr. But watch out,
it burns! Aren’t you too young for
the mysterious I'cdhcnd‘! Some pco-
plc got only half wny on lhc purity
tcst. . . . We dcuo ubout thut vic
pnrty Monday night, so we by. it to
you. . . . \tht with uui’nvornblc in-
tcrvicws in thc locul pnpcrs, lhc mcn
ot' Stntc urc considcring u non-inl-
portalion net. . . . it’s uppuuiing how
hard it is for thc ship of Stnic to
rcct’ its soils and kccp from wcighiug
nnchcr bcl'orc thc ndmirul givcs the
signal cvcry lt‘riduy nt 12 bolls. . . .
\Vc scldom hnve lhc opportunity to
:nlvisc t’rcslnncu us sonic do! Warn-
iugwit' yc do :is the scnior ducs
thou’lt get. all stained with rcd ink.
And spcukiug oi~ warnings, ihcrc is n
iln'cnt to lhc cll'cct lhul “if you
don’t love lllt‘ t’or cbcr, dcnsiuorc the
lily. You’ll ruth dny vuu l’iu lcnvun
you.” And in parting, rcmcmbcl',
my l'rnn, “chcr kiss in buzz snwi ”
THE MAN 01" STATE

College Eitors
Favor Roosevelt

ln Poll by “Pulse”

I‘Iditors ot’ collcgc ncwspnpcrs,
mngnziucs nnd ycurbooks i’nvor ihc
rc-clcction ot’ l’l'csidcut Roosevelt,
nccording to tho rcsults ol" n poll
rcccntly comlucicd by “I’ulsc ot’ thc
Nution,“ 11 monthly muguzinc ot'
.\mcricnu opinion, cditcil by Albert
J. llcvcridgc, .lr. 'l‘hc colnplctc rc-
turns, nunounccd .\'ovcmbcr I, guvc
liooscvclt -illh' voics, liornh 572, h‘ruuk
Knox Bil, llcrbcrt lloovcl' till, Nor-
nmn 'l'homns :23, (iovcrnor Alfred
lnnnlon :22, uud othcr cnndidntcs from
I to b'.

'l'hc scpni'uic poll for purtics
showcd: llcmocruts ilh’l'), lh-pnblicnns
iHil, Hociulists l3, linlcpcmlcuts Bi),
nnd ('onnnuuists lll. 'l‘hc lh-unwrntic
pui‘ly lcd in oil scctions ot' llw country
csccpt in .\'c\\' l‘lnghnnl. whcrc thc
licpnblicnns urc nhcnd by scvcu \otcs.
llowcvcl', in .\'c\\' I'lnglnud l’rcsidcnl
liooscvi'll I'l't'l'lU‘tl 1.3 \‘olcs‘ to lloov
cr's d.

('omplctc rctuins will bc t'onnd in
thc Nowmbcr issln- ot' lhc “ |'tilsc".
'l'bis poll is lhc ﬁrst in n scrim-s il'
polls which lllt' “l'lllsi' ol' lln' Nu
lionH is plnnning‘ lo condncl union-,1

The ﬁrst play Tuesday night, al-
thouin it was a delightful fantasy,
failed to get across as well as it
might have done. There was a cer-
tain slowness of one, and monotony of
speech and mood, that stifled any
rising action.

The set, with its well-workcd-out
plan of red, white, and black, was
very effective. But it seemed to us
that the two checkorbonrds in the
background (one ot' which had an
unfortunate and disconcerting tilt)
drew more attention than the actors.
’l‘hcy made definite limits to an a]-
rcndy well-tilled stage, and gave a
crowded appearance to the set.

Miss 111111, a newcomer to State’s
Stage, gave the most convincing char-
acterization. She was very graceful,
moved about the stage with case. Her
voice, however, was a triilc heavy at
times tor the mic. Would she be
likely to set a. boiling tcukcttlc on
the lovely black and white sideboard?

Miss Maury gave an impression of
nrt‘iliciulity ruthcr thnu ot’ conceit
und discontent. ilcr m’cr-dcvcloped
English :icccnt uluy have had some-
thing to do with it, cspcciully since
lhc other two uscd ordinary stugc
diction. 'l‘hcrc wus also it luck ot'
sinccrity, oi' rcnl inicrcsi in tho purl.
’l‘hc l'icrrot ot’ lust ycnr’s plnys was
bettcr.

Miss Olscn sccmcd dccidcdly ill at;
cnsc in both thc rolc und hcr costume
and mnkc-up. Shc wus not consist—
cutly ngcd, nor did shc \vnlk well
with her cnuc. llcr voicc, although
lovely and usunlly plcnsnnt to listen
to, ussumcd us timc wcnt on n Ino-
notonous iutloctiou nnd n succhnriue
(pullit‘y. Shc lnckcd “spurklc”, nud
sccmcd :1 little unsurc ot’ lines and
business. To sum up, thc t’untusy
wus hcnvy :nnl not pnrticulurly in-
tcrcsiiug. is it possiblc that this
typc ot' plny docsu’t go ovcr in col-
lcgc‘.’ 'l‘hcrc wus n noticcnblc luck of
cnthusinsm in thc :nnlicucc.

'l'hc trugcdy directcd by Miss ’l‘or-
rcus was without :1 doubt thc most
stnrtlingly dit'i'crcui plny thut hns
uppcurcd on thc bonrds in u long
timc. ’I‘hcrc cuunot bc cuough prniso
tior tln- sct, which, though stnrk and
bnrc, \vus w‘cll lig'litcd nud thoroughly
in kccpiui,r with lhc mood ot' the pluy.

Mr. Wulkcr did nu cxccllcut' pit-cc.
ot' work us lhc mnu honndcd by his
brnin nnd his immortnl soul. llc is,
wc nro surc, lhc most convincing
"shukcr” that thc i‘ollcgc bus to
offer. [in uchicvcd :1 line climax in
his poriruyul, with his usnully soi’t,
hcsiiunt voicc rising to u liystcricul
sln'ick.

Miss l.u(lrun’s work bus improved
it good dcnl in just in i'cw' w'ccks. Hlu-
won :11 homc in thc pul'i, nnd hcr
dccp, dccisivc toucs wcrc dcvoid oi’
uny show ot’ cmoiiou :Is bclitlcd hcr
t‘oh'.

\\'c would hnvc likcd lo hcnr more
from Miss l.ic|icustcin, who did :1 dc-
lightt'nl piccc ot' work as thc solll.

Mr, llurdmcyci' w'ns, oi' coursc. in
his clcmcnl us lhc dclcctivc. Hurcly
hc dcscrvcs othcr lypcs ot' rolcs, \\'hnt
will post ycnl"s clnss do for on otliccr
ot' lhc lnw'.’

'I'hc pluy wns nu cxccllcnt clinic!“
in lhc lil'st plncc. nlso it \\':is wcll
cost, will Ilirccicd, nnd wcll ::clcd.
it “got” lhc :ilnlicucc.

 

:l'tllllm' ol' .\nn-I'icnn “to.

How you bccu pouuccd upon by
studcnts sccliing tinnncinl nid in lhc
t'orm ot' pcnnics, nickcls, diincs and
up, for sonic purposc uncxprcsscd.’
llI‘ hu\c you bccn ln-nriug pcoplc who
ut‘c snpposcdly pnst thc childhood
slugc chuntiug in lhc hulls ot' Hlulc
collcgc “.\ 'l'iskct, u 'l‘uskct, u lirccu
uud Ycllow Muslin-l"! (li‘ how you
pcrhups bccn I‘ciplcstcil lo cudgcl your
guy Inutlcr to rcniclnlu-r to wan
luncs you dnnccd ring nl'oulnllhc
tiny or pimpcd ropc.‘

It'ol' ihosc who lunc lll'l'll ponulcr
ing lhcsc stinch things, lhc sccrc
ot' thc situution is this: lll'. llurold
\Y. 'l'hompson, prot'cssoi' ol' I'Ingdsli.
l:- ililllilllolls lo will it i'ollcl‘lloll ol‘
lln‘ l'olltlol'i' ol‘ Nob Yolll xlllll'. No
collcction ot’ this kind cvisls, und tln-
mcmbcrs ot’ lll'. 'l‘hompson’s Amcri
cun li‘olk l.itcrntui'c clnss bnvc bccn
cnjoying lhcmsclvcs dclviug into
highwuys, hulls nnd nltics to uncut-lb
mnlcrinl.

.\t lcnsl n portion oi’ lhc cush
collcctcd i’or lhc “purposc uncx-
prcsscd,” nccording to inculbcrs ot’
thc “ l"olk liit " cluss, wcnt lo ilnnucc

 

 

lo give.

changingr cutcriuimm-ui

u rcccnl motor trip up into thc luikc

l‘l..\\'iuil-3li.

 Thompson’s "Folk 7 Lit”#Class

Seeks Superstitions and Songs

ltlcorgc counlt'y lo lhc villngc oi'
'llnguc. 'I'hcrc, nl'lc: going to lhc
buI'In-r shop und olln-r points for in
t‘oimulion, thc scni'cbcrs conlnclcd
onc 'l'om Yuw, citizcu oi' smcnly
ycnrs, who wus only too glan to sing
to llll‘lli origiuul l'olk songs oi‘ thc
locllllly.

'l'lilcs oi' 'I'oln’s Holcclions, which
1thc lrnvcls took down in longhnnd
whilc slundiug in nu opcn tn-ld on n
wintry duy, mcmoriving lhc music ul
lhc snlnc limo, iuchldcd llo- li-Isc
“llon'l Hpcuil Your Mom-y \Ybilc
You‘rc Young, You'll .\'cu| it \thn
Yon’i'c Hid,"

l'hildl’cu‘s t'olklorc bus not bccn
ncgh-clcd by Dr. 'l‘hompson's closs.
.\|ntcrinl ot' this sort hns ulso bccn
collcclcd l'rolu ull oicr lhc slittc.
l“l'i)lil .\'cw York city, for instnncc.
bus conn- this skipping ropc dilly
which shows it holdmcr t‘rom \\tll'
dnys:

“('hul'lic i'huplin wcnt lo l"i'uucc
'l‘o lcnch lhc ludics how to ilnucc.
And this is lhc wuy hc tuught lhcin:
llccl o\cl‘ toc wc go,

Hulutc to thc king and knccl to tho
(piccn
.\nd turn your buck on tho linisci'.”

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
     
   

    
   
 
  

Volume lV

' NATIONAL

 
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

GIRLS — WRITE!

 

RESULT - AD l

'5'

 RESULT - NEW FROGK.‘

 

 

 

CONTEST ENTRY

 FROCK FORM

 (AS Announced in the News where you will find some Subject Matter Hints)

 

a 1. Name of contestant ,,,, H
I 2- Local address
RULES

1- All State College womv '

r b. on are ellgible to oomaete.
% g. Ads must not contain more than fifty (50) wbrds.
y . Ali adstand slogans will be Judged according to originality
i, 4 Ovel Y of make~up, and collegiate atmosphere. ’

. Slogans and ads are to be handed in at th'
- 0 New York Fr k

210 Quail St., two blocks from the college. 00 Shop at
5 Wiggtrlcstpffgre 6 P.M., December 11, 1955.
V . ers W1 e announced in assembly and in the News on Frid
" N . a
, ThDeoember 1S, 1905. The decision of the judges will be finely,
f efJgdges W111 be Professor York of State College; Mr. J. Sohon
. 0 he New York Frock Shop, and a member of the student body.

Be sure to present

 

(PICAL CO-ED - — Dave Miller,
ector, visiting the University of
ioster as the "typical cored" at
mly to ﬁnd that she wasn't a
undreds of feet of screen test had
is, and a high school junior,

- Use the blank space for your copy -

 

 

   
   
  

      
  

TH E K N O T '
HOLE GANG at.
Washington Univer-
sit is not a knot-
hoe ng v I it‘s a
a lire (fence gang, as
ii

in

   
   

 

  

     

  

l

   

is photo taken durv ,- * = V I. i _.  g _ i . . . ,
rddcifwiiie d.meSat. BAKING POWDER replaced gun powder in this class rush battle at the {resin
' » men and sophomores at Long island University.

Louis, proves.

 

 

 

 

   
      

7,275 , Wﬁzﬁyungmm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
   
    
     
         
  
   
  
  
    
 
  
 
  
   
   
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
     
    
      
 
   
      
   
  
  
      
     
 
  
   
  
 
  

  
     

  

 
  
  
    
  
  

