  

.Western' Golfers Three te n
‘._SIlpel'lorIty of Easternersﬂ
INTER OLLEGIATE‘ golfing circles throughout the country are becoming hot debating

societies t ese days over the one major question that has captured and is holding the atten-

tion of the varsity locker-room orators: Resolved, that the East will lose its supremacy in the 39th

a‘nnual intercollegiate golf championships to be played at the Congressional Country Club,
ashington . ., June to Q9.

Intercollegiate olf was once exclusively an Eastern affair. Of recent years however, in-
vaders from the middle west, south, and southwest have all but taken over the s ow. e re-
sponsibility of making an impressive showing for the East rests almost squarel on the shoulders
of an untested Yale team. Yale has won more team (nineteen) and individual gtlhirteenkhampiom
ships than any other school in the country.

YALE will be strong, as it always is. Excellent coaching and plenty of material make Yale a
strong dark-horse contender, but what did last year's Yale eastern intercollegiate champions do
against the boys from other sectors

harley Yates of Georgia Tech the nation' sixth ranking amateur, won the individual title.
Michigan's well-balanced team took the team c ampionship out of the East for the first time in
istory, nosing out Yale b three strokes. Yates is back and Michigan is back with practically the
same team. Last ear only aw Weatherwax,ofthethree Yale qualifiers, got past the first round of
the individual play, and he lost to Yates in the second round.

Onl 13 gollers from Eastern schools landed among the 32 qualifiers. Only one, W. Y.
(Willie) Dear of Brown, reached the third round. Charley Kocsis of Michigan won the qualify-
ing pedal with a brilliant 147. Notre Dame set a new record by qualifying five men for the
mate pay.

THE picture for 1935 can not fairly be painted any brighter for the East, which has won all
ut one team title and all but six individual champions ips.
ichigan is as strong as ever.. Geor ia Tech, the third place team, looks stronger than last
year. Notre Dame is fully as strong As its ourth place 1934 team was. la oma can also make
trouble if eve one is clicking. Texas, Rollins, and Colgate will all make their strongest bids for
the team title lhis year.
The individual field is the most brilliant in the history of the tournament, and certainly the
most colorful. More than half of last year's qualifiers are back this year, and among them:

CHARLEY YATES, Georgia Tech, defending champion, thrice a participant in the national
amateur, twice Georgia state champion, low amateur in last year's Master's tournament, protege
of Bobby Jones from Atlanta's famed East Lake course, at 21 one of the country's greatest amateurs.

Waiter Emery of Oklahoma, 1933 champion who was put out in the second round last year.
Ed White of Texas, last year's runner-up, individual champion of the Southwest conference
which Texas dominates, and the man who has given Spec Goldman, Jack Westland, and Gus
Moreland all they could handle in various tournaments. Charley Kocsis of Michigan, last year's
medalist and semi—finalist, Big Ten individual champion, Michigan state amateur champion.
Johnny Banks of Notre Dame, former estern junior champion, medalist in the 1933
intercolle iate, quarter-Finalist last year. Winﬁeld Day Jr.,of Notre Dame, who carried
Yates to tﬁe 18th hole and forced him to pia ,par golf to win in his first and hard-
est match in_last year's tournament, Chicago istrict junior champion, quarter-finalist
in the national amateur in 1934.

 
 
 
   
   

LLIE DEAR of Brown, former national interscho

 

lastic champion, who
73 6:365:32 m‘atEh‘YE'YaTés‘iTsst'y/‘e‘aﬁm‘t’a‘pt.’Jt‘ﬁ'ﬂy’ﬁcﬁ‘
Georgetown, resident of the association and winner of last year's
drivin contest. ne of his drives traveled 340 yards. Freddie Haas,

r., o? Louisiana State University, estern junior and Southern
amateur champion. ohn Brown and Robert Servis of Rollins,

aine and former Ohio state amateur champions, respectively.
Capt. Warren Alton, Dick Stewart, and Otto Nord of Col-
gate, the latter a qualiﬁer last year. Stewart was a finalist
in the ew York state junior tournament. Cliff Perry
of Duke, the southern conference champion.

o mention of those former giants, Harvard,

Princeton, and Dartmouth? They just don't hgye
it this year.

  
 
 
 

  
      

Right
/ PRESIDENT s Jo.

/ seph P. Lynch of

Georgetown ni-
.versity, heads the
Left
Charlie Koc-
sis, Michi an

inter-Collegiate

Golf Association
golfer and ig
en champion,

is one of the
favorites to
win this years
tourney.
KEYSTONE
PHOTO

   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 

 

 
  
 
 

, in Washington.

 
 
 
  
  
  
 

   
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 

 
      
   
    
   

THE DEFENDING CHAMPION »
Charles Yates, of Georgia Tech, is the
present holder of the intercollegiate
title which he will battle to retain a
the 1935 intercollegiate Championship
LANE once. more

' mu. mam m WM t.  ' “may no...o.....c...... . _..

 

 
   
 
    

 
  
  

 

0155. R. J. Rllnuldl Tub. Ca.

  

 
 
 
   
   
 

GOLF
HELEN HICKS
Former U. 5.
Women's Gall Champion

 

     
   
  

BASEBALL
RIF COLLINS
35 Home llunl lor the
St. louls Curdrl

  

 
 

SQUASH
ROWLAND DUFTON 0°"

DENNY SHUTE
I933 Irltllh Open Chomplnn

 

   
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  

DIVING
HAROLD l"DUlCH”l SMITH
Olympls Fancy-Diving Chomplnn

 

“V

   
 
 
 
 

 

 
   
  
 
     
 

  

John B. Brown, Maine ama-
teur champion, will compete

'for Rollins College.

   
      

Frederick T. Haas, Jr. will
represent Louisiana State

SEEKS TO REGAIN
TITLE n Waiter Emery,
1933 champion,wiii rep-
resent the
Oklahoma.

   
  
  
 

Winfield Day, Jr., and a

John Banks will compete
otre Dame University.

University of

 
  
  
   

  
 

 

RODEO
DICK SHELTON
World-Chumplnn Slur Doug-r

 

 
 
  
 

 
  
 

  
 
  

YOU CAN suo
. ALL You mfo

 

 
 

' /

 
   
  
   
    

 

 

 
 
 
  
   
 
 

    
  
  
    

  
 
 
 
  

  
 

  
  
  

"CANDID CHAIM" close-up of
Harold ("Dutch") Smith, Olym-
pic Fancy High-Diving Chem-
pion, enjoying e CemeL He he!
smoked Camels for nine your:
-—smoked Camels even before
he took up diving. He uyl,"l’d
walka mile for a Cemel."Among
his teammates on the American
Olympic squed who ere also
Camel fans ere: Leo Sexton,
Helene Madison, Jim Beusch,
Bill Miller, Josephine McKim,
and Georgia Colemnn.

 

Read below what lead-
ing sports champions

  
  

say about Camels

 
 
 
 
 
 

With the preference of star athletes
overwhelmingly for one cigarette,
that cigarette has to be exception-
ally mild!

Its name is—Camel. Here's what
an Olympic champion diver,
Harold ("Dutch")Smith, says abOut
Camels: "I’ve found a great deal of
pleasure in Camels. They never in-
terfere with my wind.” Rip Collins,

 

noun n In“ H u a.
world-champion St. Louis Cardinals
last season, says: "Here’s the best
proof I know that Camels are mild:
I can smoke them steadily, and they
never get my wind."

From the ranks of the squash stars
comes this experience. Rowland
Dufton, of the New York A. C.,
says: “I've found that Camels are
so mild I can smoke all I want, and
they never upset my nerves or get
my wind. That's what I call real
mildness!" .

Dick Shelton, world-champion
steer dogger, and those two bril-
liant campaigners in the golﬁng
wars, Denny Shute and Helen Hicks,
have come to the same conclusion
—;'Camcls do not get my wind."

How Ibis wildness
is important to you too.’ V

Camel smokers can smoke more—
nnd enjoy smoking more. You get
more satisfaction, knowing that
sports champions have found
Camels so mild that they never jan-
gle their nerves or get their wind.

YOUR OWN PHYSICAL CONDITION—your Wind
...your cncrgy...thc good health of your nerve:
--is important to you too. So remember this:
Camels are so mild you can smoke all you went.
Athletes say Camels never get their wind or nerves.

  

 

COSTLI E R
TOBACCOS!

O Camels are made from ﬁner, MORE
EXPENSIVE TonAccos—Turkish and
Domestic—than any other popular brand.
Sinai) M. Reynolds’l‘ohau’o Cu..Wlnston-Selens. NC.

  

 

  
   
     
        
     

       
    
   
   

 
 
     
        
   
   
  
    
       
       
     
    
   
    
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
  

 
 
 
 
 
   
     
   
  
   
      
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  

 
  
  
 
 
 

  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
    

 
 
 
 
 

