 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER

4, 1935

 

~ ._ u‘t--v.~»~o--»_w<.-.,c w

 

 

~.m....., __. 4. Auw-wau-«awm... 

 

 

State College News

Established by the Class of 1018

The Undergraduate Newspaper of New York state
College for Teachers

THE NEWS BOARD

KAaL D. Essas.......................Editor-in—0hief
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

EMMA A. Roenss.......................News Editor
Beta Zeta, 080 Madison Avenue, 2-3266

GLENN M. UNGEaEn. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Associate Editor
710 Madison Avenue, 8-1838

Fun DEXTER. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assistaat News Editor
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 S. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

Hassr GUMAsa................Assistant News Editor
710 Madison Avenue, 8-1838

VIRGINIA SNEL. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assistam News Editor
Alumni Residence Hall

(imam SIMONE'I‘..................Bitsi1wss Manager
Gamma Kappa Phi, 285 Quail Street, 241“

JOHN DENO. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Assoeiaie Business Manager
Kappa Delta Rho, 117 s. Lake Avenue, 2-4314

LAusrrA SsLn............Associate Business Manager
202 Western Avenue, 3-0090

THE NEWS STAFF

Rosella Agostine, Phyllis Bosworth, Loretta Buckley, Elsa
"aikins Hulda Cinssen, Ruth Edmunds, Jacqueline Evans,
Ruth billespie, Marie Geesier. Mary Hudson, Aubrey
.Kalbaugh, Margaret Woodruif, seniors; Helen Clyde,
[label Davldge. Elizabeth Goodlng, Eitrieda Hartt, Eliza-
Ieth Herr. Joan Kupian, Mary Lam, Robert Margison,
Mary Plank, Elinor Smalley, Phyllis Vermiiye, Juniors;
Betty Appicdooru, Rose Berkowitz, Mildred Bodin, William
Bradt, Anne Burr, Frances Cahill, Helen Caiieuius,
Kathryn Carlson, Richard Cox, Alvenn DeLong, Warren
Densmore, Antoinette Don Vito, Elizabeth Drlscoil, Jeanne
Edgcumbe, Ruth Frost, Ella Gifford, Muriel Goldberg,
Merriam Gould, Marjorie Jobson, Phyllis Jobson, Rose
Kurkhlll, Charlotte Libman, Jenn Lichenstctn, Josephine
Maurice, Mary MeCiung. Lillian Mosher, Ruth Mullen,
Jelen Olskl. Theresa Palmer, Dorothy Robinson, Mae
Rosenbeck. Adelaide Schmid, Jean Shaver, Martha Sheehy,
David Smith, Muriel Stewart, Ruth Thompson, Mary Tobin.
Ramona Van Wie. Sophie Wolzak, sophomores.

 

[935 Member 1936
hssocioied Colleesiale Press

Distributor of

Colle ﬂute Digest

Published every Friday in the college year by the
Editorial Board representing the Student Association.
Subscriptions, $2.25 per year; single copies, ten cents.
Delivered anywhere in the United States. Entered as
second class matter at post-ofﬁce, Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

The NEWS does not necessarily endorse sentiments
expressed in contributions. No communications will be
rinted unless the writers’ names are left with the Editor-
in-Chicf of the News. Anonymity will be preserved if so
desired. The NEWS does not guarantee to print any or

all communications.

PRINTED BY Bovo Pronouns Co., 1140., ALBANY, N. Y.
Vol. XX, No. 2 October 4, 1935 Albany, N. Y.

COMING EVENTS CAST TilElR SHADOWS

The student association, through its constitution, is
given the power to pass legislation to provide for
income to support its activities. Last May, by an over-
whelming vote of this body, a budgct slightly in cxccss
of thil'tccn thousand dollars was npprovcd. 'l'hc pcr
capitu tux usscsscd was ten dollars.

To dutc, llttlc morc thnu titty-live pcr ccui of this
amount hns bccu collcctcd. 'l‘hc purposi- of thc budget
has been dcfcntcd and each activity will again bc forced
to curtail its progrnm. 'l'hosc who lmvc loyully sup-
ported their obligations must be forced to ucccpt only
fifty-live pcr ccnt. of the returns thcy originally cx-
pectcd from their investment.

lligid cnforccmcnt. of the pcunltics for nonpayment
of thc tux mny prod thc dclinqucnts. Huspcuding vot-
ing privileges, expulsion from otllcc uml cxclusion from
all activities are possible on ilctlon by thc Studcnt

 

FOOTBALL AND INTRA-MURALS

Popular approval during the past year from the
student association for the revival of football as a

 

 

varsity sport resulted in the inclusion in the last student
budget of an appropriation for this sport. However, no
matter how much enthusiasm may prevail, no matter
how experienced a coaching staff there may be for the 1
sport, if there

football have been practically unanimous in the opinion ,

or two. This obviously condemns the sport as one of ,

I

ever, that there cannot be any of this sport at State

With an eye to the future when State may place on

ng
rreutest number.

with experience. Then, and then only, can Stale put

Meanwhile, intro-mural football will need an appro—
priation if it is to be included in the program. if
varsity football is to be abandoned, what better use
may be made of this sum than to add it to the intru-
nmrul allowance? Let the greatest good for the greatest
number be considered when this question comes before
the student body.

THE FRESIIMEN CONVENE

The freshman class next week will organize its group
to choose its leaders for this college year. More often
than not, the seriousness of this meeting is overlooked,
aml tho oillcers elected are at times entirely incompe-
tent to handle the duties placed on them.

To be sure, those clcctcd should be popular enough
to secure the backing of their classmates for their
plans. But leadership is at times overlooked and the
head of a certain group or faction slips in to seize the
ruins. (lovcrinncnt of the freshman class must be by
those who have both leadership and popularityﬂthosc
who have the personality and initiative to progress with
their plans without antagonizing their supporters. Con-
sider once and then consider again, freshmen, in your
choices.

Class loyalty and cooperation does not cease with the
election of these otiicers. Every organization must have
tinances and the sole source of income for czch of the
classes is tron its own members. These class assess-
ments are not. compulsory but must result from the
willingness of each frcsluuun to push his class to the
top. ’39, you haven’t had u chance to show yourselves
yet. Make a grand entrance when you do.

 

run (JOSSAUKS RETURN

The return of the lion Cossacks may well be con»
siderod us another feather in the hat for Music asso-
ciation in bringing this popular group again to State
college. Accordcd u tremendous reception on their iirst
visit, their return is looked forward to with expectation
and delight.

This prcsentution serves an cxccllcnt. example of two
thingswtlrst, it is made possible through the student
tux, and second, it is an example of what really worth-
while cntcrtainmcnt can be and is brought to this
college. l'luch goes hand in hand as 11 result of the
cimpcrutiou ol’ the students in the payment of this
unnuul fee.

This chorus is but. the tirst ot’ the many cutcrtuin-
mcnts Music association and llrmnntics and Art: asso-
ciation hope to bring to this institution. All students
may secure admission to any or all of.‘ these l'cuturcs
through their tax tickets, and the prices of admission
to these alone will be it good port of the ten dollars.

It is wise to save money. This is one way.

 

BOOKS: Ten Years With a

 

 

Council.

Regardless of wlmt [it‘llilllll's nuly bc inlhctcd on any
one person, thc mcrc t'uct tlml forty ll\'c pcr cent of the
student association bus willfully ncglcctcd n ind obligu-
lion Inukcs one wonder it tbc unnqu bullch is u justiti»
ublc tux. Hooncr or lnlcr will comc opcn opposition to
such procedures which is likcly to take on much more
serious proportions than that which focus the students
now. t‘omplcio abolition cun bc tho only fair solution
to the problem.

lint to abolish nll zln'ti\itll'rl ut Htuic would lnkc from
each individual morc than he nould utl'ord to losc.
Visioning whut coIh-gc hic would bc with only dnily
clnsscs on ouc’s program is anything but chccring. l‘liit'li
and cvcry studcnt would bccomc littlc iiinl'c tlmn n
lnmk-cducutcd gruduuic of this institution.

'l‘o sulvugc Hintc's cxtrn~cur|iculur program, coopcru
tion from the torty-llvv- pcr ccnl must bc had this
month. Seniors. consider lllllnt' who “1” follow you;
sophomorcs and juniors, what will thtc bc ncxt your
without thc activities now making up ihc other half ol
collcgo litn‘! Pay and pay now!

MUST 'l‘lllH BE?

Tl“! lil'll'll 0' H‘flllllg ll“ “‘lllmml” “i ill" “WWW” 0f the lloosovclt ndminist ration and llcllmny’s observa-
tlio state has recently turned into getting a lchllhood lions. l"or lighter ontcrtuimuont. short essays of three
at the expense of (mo’s fellow students. Many have lHHl und t’our pugcs which uppoul to readers of romance, art,
the misfortune since college connncncml this full to bc pmdrv, mvsicry, nature, politics, debate, and of famous
the victims of those with loss honorable ideas on how to Alnor‘icnli.[mmoiiligt‘i-i, have been included. “Murry for

lch with others.

The thefts have been not only of money but of books uround u tiruvo” are u few of the titles,
and clothes as Well. For such a condition to prevail is The book is oxtcrcmoly roudublo and entertaining.
to cast a reputation on State no other institution cares lloywood llroun is sound in many of his opinions; yet
to have known outside its walls. For this group, we one may rightfully (picstion his virtues and detects.
wish them a rapid enrollment in an institution whose A journalist’s conuncnt that has been missed in the last
on] collegiate reputation is that in the sport of football (loundo when the worhi has become modern may be had

our restricted dormitory rules.

Journalist.
G.M.U.

tUu. Soto (It the (lo-op)

It Seems to Me, by llcywood llroun. llnrcourt, llrnce
and (‘ompuuy, New York, ltlllfn. ililﬁ pugcs. $2.50

in this one volume Alexander Crosby hus solcclcd
more than one hundrcd ot’ llcywood liroun’s urticlcs
ulmost. entirely from unwspupor columns vcliiclly from
’I'Iu- New l'orlc ll'orlrl, ll'ortrte’l‘clcyrum, and The Nation.
'l'cn ycnrs, “125 to ltiild, with u nowspupcr man and
not mcrcly u columnist, is cxpcricuceil within the covers
ot‘ this book. No dnily ,jourunlist is more courageous;
no journalist commcnts on such varied topics and yet
rcluins commmul ol' the subjch illill holds his rcndcr’s
interest.

tlno cssny from tho middle of this cxt.rcmcly invigorat-
ing book is cniillcd “linck to ilcllnmy”. Writing in
thc llrsi pcrson, liroun believes thm-c should be a revival
ot’ intcrcst in the work of l'ldwurd llollnmy, America’s
most. uuihcnlic prophet, who dicd more than three
decades ago. llollnmy was a Utopian, not an oven-
ilonul'y sociulist; he guessed right many a time, but
his “just nround tho corner now dcul" was a bit late.
llroun points out the similarities between llicbburg and

 

 

 

 

linstc”, “Wife of Lot”, “Trees”, and “Walking

is not tile experienced material of the St, Soft lights and sweet; mimic at
right kind available, the experiment is due for a short the Weston, AWL "1ch “wt Sutch
life only. | . ~—ulso wecping and gnashing of
Statements from men With a thorough knowledge of thew. (5,," it [,0 that Willie the
, _ , , . I ‘ , nun-nbout-ttm'n has forgotten some- men enrolled,
that it Will be impossible to establish this sport Without thing? Mnttv is a logic“! S,,,,|_,1,e_
some kind of seasoning of material for at least a year new“ buys should grow up with

varsity calibre for this year. This does not; mean, how- it be that zen“ m, lung" my”?
l‘hc (i-ilicn nrc at it again. While Gooding, member of tho editorial
this fall. we’re on the subject, have you
noticed the artistic murals in the Gunmcr, assistant news editor, juniors,
the field a team worthy to bear the name of the College, library? Very conducive to con-
this team “to be” can be founded in the intro-mural templntion in the search for truth,
ram where it will be of the greatest good to the That dumb Russian evidently never
inclusion in this program will provide heard of Standard 'l‘ime——homc at it
experience and knowledge of the sport for at least fifty few minutes after one. it must; be
men, and continuing for at least two or three years, something—Soupy getting up very
there will be even more than this number available and curly undcr untoward circumstances

a team in the intercollegiate football field. cvcr itchcd':

Well, I done, but some strange
utppcnings have taken place on Quail

to catch a train. Have your teeth
\Vlmt sorority hus ul-
rcudy fallen into thorns twice rc-
gnrding you know what? ’l.‘\\'() S.
liclic Avc. girls lcd ustrny by equities.
And so lights go out at. [2:00, the
girls go to bcd, and Cinderella lived
happily ever after. No statciucut
this time from the oracle of Madison
Ave. Knrl-the-t‘lreut-'l‘clcphoncr is
with us uguin. ’l‘cachcrs rmming
high blood [)i‘cssiii'i:——iilso pondcriug
the words of the oracle, “ You’re tbc
boss of thc class." Carlson taking
pictures of l“rosh. No fcwcr than
cight girls looking out from pictures
saying. “ Yours t'orcvcr.” and he
trips urouud with u Htutc collcgc
maiden. li‘or shame. What hop-
pcncd to thc t'orty-tivc dollars?
llit'c bccomcs monotonous at timcs.
Maybe it won’t be so bud ucxt wcck.
'l'hc girls are hard at it ulrcudy.
'rcddy Byrncs has also movcd down
the st'rccl. Stutcsnutu signs otl',
wishing hc could make a dirty cruck
about tbc cdil'or.

THE MAN ill" S’l‘.-\'l.‘l')

1939 Will Try Out
For Arts Council

lilighty-cight i'rcshmcn, two o'
whom are mcu. sigucd up on Activi-

tics day to try out for the DrunmtiL's
uud Art council. These students will
work compctitivcly during the year
on such assignments as selling
ticlicts. distributing posters. and
aiding in various ways thc prcscu-
tutious ol' the council. The first. us-
sxgumcut will bc to distribute udvcr-
tismg mutcriul nnd circulars for thc
pcrt'orunlncc on October :28, uccord-
illg to Malrjoi'ic \\'hcut;on. YIltl, prcsl-
dcnt of thc council. 'l‘wo ot' tlu-sc
clillll‘llls will bl- choscn ucxt spring
as council nu-Iubcrs, and will hold
lllosc positions throughout thcil'
t'ollcg‘c coursc.
li'rcsluncn to try out urc:
l'lllilh llullc_\. llctly linkcr, .lcnnIu-ilc
liurlow, .\lur1ci linl'ry. llclty llcnuluc,
.lnllct llcuurcgnrd, llitn Bcncdlt-t, Madc-
Iiuc lb-rg, Inoz llllllngs. Viclorin ililzi,
\'Irninln llolloil, l'ltln-lyn llovcc, .lonn
llyron, l‘ldlth i‘assuvunl, .lcun t'hl'lslcr.
Myndcrt t‘rounsc, Marlon linyton, ln-llu
iiolun, llch-n liuuning, lt‘lili'clico l)wycr,
Nun lthncry, Virginia ll‘nrcy, Arthur
linmpcr, llclcu (tibson, licsslo tirnvcs,
i'lilzubclh lincnlcr, Virulniu Hail, Mary
llnlplu. liclty ilnyl’ord. llclcn llcnzc,
l.llllnn lllncs. lll'lll'll'llil llolln'clt'h,
llorolhy lluntlnglon, lh-c .lcssc.
.\nnc l\'ullchnmu. Mildrcd Hing. licu
lrh-c Koblcnz. (‘nihcrlnc l\'rlcn, lt‘rlcdn
lturkhlil. liuth l.c\viu, l'llcunor lic-
ilrt-ovy. llorolhy Mnclmln, Slurunrcl
Madison, )lllill'ctl .\lnloncy, .lo_\'cc blur
cock. .\lnry Nit-lzut-I', licnirh-c Mold",
.\lnr,v Moreno, I'llulnc Morsc. lx'ulhlccn
Murphy, iicclnu Murphy, .\udrcy .\'ci‘|‘.
lildlih Nelson. Mary Nolan, Stitch-y Nos
bunnl, .\llcc ll'llrlcu, Mary ()‘llonncll.
.iunc l'ullin-r. liury l'uppn. iiulh
l'churshy. llosc l'csiu, it, i’omcrzrv.
llt'lt‘ll l'l'lhlli, .\ln|'loi| litu-licl’t'llci'.
l'corl Sandburg, ilclcn Schwnb.
lllh-nnor Scbwnl‘tn, lx’nibryu Schwurtz.
.lunc Hchw'crznmnn, l‘illllll Shcnp‘old.
.ilurgurci lelln. .‘villdrcd Htrcycr. .Icuu
Strong, llopc Swot-l, M. .\‘cnh- chcl.
Zoldu llthc. .\dcluldc Vnuunrcill. itlmiiy
\\’m-luwskl. llny \Vulicrs. llorothy Wur
l‘t'll, Vll'glulu Wogcucr, .lcnnnc \\'cln
bcrgcr. Sylvia Wclss, l.ol.\' Wcsicr.
iCIcnnorc \\'lcl(hum. .lnnct \Vnilschlcucr.
llclcu chmn.

Jayne Buckley, ’36
Is Debate Adviser

.layno lincklcy, ’iitl, vice-president
of llclmlc council and member of
Mysknniu, senior honorary society,
was named student. adviser to frost
mun debate and intruumrnl at. it
council meeting Wednesday.

Miss liucklcy will be assisted in

with the classes in which they will
assist are: seniors, ltulph Altman.
use; juniors, Angelo Zaunleri, ’36;

THE STATESMAN Net/8' To Offer

Weekly Classes

Betty Gooding, Harry Gumaer
To Teach “ Cub” Classes
Monday, Tuesday
With one hundred and six fresh-
the weekly classes in
journalism sponsored by the STATE

 

Contact; News will begin next Mon-
Igc—-~much grief to little nlon. Can day aml Tuesday at 12:00 o’clock

in room 111 of Draper hall. Betty
staff of the News, and Harry

will instruct the classes.

Regular attendance at one of these
“cub” classes is required of all those
trying out for positions on the edi-
torial stnﬁ‘ of the News. Try‘outs
may register in either of the classes.
Miss Gooding will teach Monday and
Counter on Tuesday.

'l‘hcsc “cub classes” are intended
to give the students an understand-
ing of the principles of journalism
and on insight into the working of
the Search COLLEGE News. What
constitutes news, how to get news,
methods of interviewing, and the
hint sources of news about College
will be tuught, as well as the me-
chnnics of news writing, including
writing leads, headline writing, copy‘
reading, proofreading, and page
makeup.

Regular members of the class will
be eligible next. spring for positions
as reporters on the News. Reporters
will be selected on the basis of work
done in class and the intcrcst they
have shown in the vas. During the
sophomore your a number of reporters
are selected on a competitive basis
as dcsk cditors, and from these new
board mcmbcrs are selected each
May.

This journalism course has been
oli'lv‘cd by the News since .1926, when
the tirst one was organized by Edward
Van Kit-ck, ’26, cditor-iu-chief‘. They
have proved valuable in the training
of students for positions on the NEWS
and for ndvisorships to high school
newspapers.

COMMUNICATIONS |

Editor State College News:
'l‘lu'cc ycurs ago. it good deal of ill-
tcrcst wns aroused by the proposition
thut tln- collcg'c library bc kcpt open
on ~\‘undny nt'tcrnoouH I'or studcnt
study. The State College News cir-
culntcd n bullot asking tbc studcnts
if they npprovcd of the plan, and if
lhcy would mukc usi- of thc library
if it \\crc nnnlc uvuilublc. ltlvidcntlv
not clnuigh intcrcst w as shown in tlic
muttcr.
llil\\t'\ci. in tlu‘cc ycurs' timc, it. is
my opinion that Stutt- collcgc stu-
dcnls hu\c llll'l'l'ilm‘ll in npplicution to
studios, uud tlmt. they would again be
intcrcstcd in such it proposition.
It i~ nu imlispulnblc but that. it is
impossiblc to do all lhc rcquircil rend-
ing for onc’s clusscs when books are
placed on rcscl'vc, und when a few
books must be uuulc to sci‘rc an cn-
tirc class. tlpcning tbc library on
Sunday ut'tcrnoom would provide
many students with added oppor-
tuuity to prcpnrc ussigumcnts tor the
coming \\cc'.\', and would mcnn that.
instructors would not huvc to allow
two or tln'cc weeks for classes to
complctc rmplircd rcnding.

(‘un’t mun-thing bc donc about this
-=iluuiion" I should suggcst thnt the
News circnlulc unothcr ballot, to (lis-

 

 

sincc thc prcyious nction,
hcptcluln-r Iltl. chioi'

 

 

cmcr Il' siudcnl opinion liilH clmllgcd

 

Students Tax Gives Varied
Beneﬁts and Privileges

For the bcnctlt of all incoming
studcuts the student board of
llnuncc wishes to repeat. it list of
thc bcnclits dcrivcd upon puyulcnt
oi' studcut tux us published last
Muy w hen the Iona lid budget was
pnsscd by the student association.
They are us follows: nnunbcrship
nnd voting privileges in the stu-
dent ussocintion; eligibility to
pnrliciputc in all cxtrn-curricuhli‘
activities; admission to all home
gulncs in basketball, baseball, and
tennis, to music mul drnnmtic and
art prmlnclions, and to debates;

her work with each class by members - '

‘ ’ , ' - sillisci'l llltlllri to ' is E I‘

oi lltilliltc council. ’l‘hcec. members “on all“. he Navy; “1,32%: WIS:
I , I , . 5

in tho (iirls’ athletic association,
for women; and particimition in all
men's sports for mcn students; in-

 

sophomorcs, Robert Bolicdict, ’37;

 

 

for the price of a few well-spent hours.

 

and freshmen Lester llubin, ’37.

 

llrmury fund benetlt up to $15.00.

 

 

 

 

*» mum,"wi . .4 ‘ﬁnnﬂmu-w

 
     

,,,_,. . . m. u . . ..,,,..,.,,..~.a-.-o~ W .ww.......,.....-«.aw “away v ._,e .. w... .......«'.m..... .,

l
x
t

 

.
l7.
l

i

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 
  

 

 
  

 

 
 

 

   

    

 

  

  

 

 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
    
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
     

 

 

  

 

 

