 

 

 

;-.-;:-e*sn-aa;i~n:vn.wre m‘kmlﬁvi .- l

at:

 

aid

 

 

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

No. 24

Distributor
Collegiate Digest

April 21, 1944

Vol. XXVII

Member .
Associated Collegiate Press
The uuiicrgrinluate newspaper of the New York State
College for Teachers; published every Friday of the Col-
iege year by the NEWS Board for the Student Associa-
tion. Phones: Office. 5-0373; Baxter, 2-5545; Stengel. 8-280-l;
I'lckerr, 2-2752.

REPRESENTID FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING 8'
National Advertising Sci-Vice. Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420 MADISON A'Il. NEW YORK. N. Y.
cmcmo - aosvon - Lou Mall.“ ' SAN Fanncusco

The News Board

JANET K. BAXTER _ uDITOR-IN-CHIEF

MARY B. STENGEL - - CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
JANE PICKERT - - BUSINESS MANAGER
LILLIAN GROSS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
BERTRAM KILEY - - SPORTS EDITOR

ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

SUNNA COOPER _ -
EDNA MARSH - -
DOROTHY MEYERS -

All coininunicaiions should be addressed to ilic editor and
The S’i‘A’l‘id (‘fililii'iGl'l NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions cxpi‘cssed in its columns or coiiiinuuications
as such cxlii‘csslons do not necessarily rcflcct its view.

must be signed. Names will be withheld iipou request.

The Great Delusion

it is a strange philosophy to which wc of today
lay Claim: a heterogcncous mixture of substitution.
“carpe diem." and memories. Only those whosc
rose-colored glasses have failed to splinter amid
today's "cry havoc" still link] fast to a phantom
star they fondly call destiny, but which is nothing
more. than hope and belief in some satisfactory
future.

\Yc who are in college today are thc lcadiug cx—
poncnts of this so-caiicd philosophy. So complctcly
and mercilessly have we twisted and distortcd thc
fumlamciitals laid down by Socrates and Halo that.
we hesitate to place our code definitely in such
an hoiioralilc branch of thc arts.

 

’i‘oday's thought clutches dcspcratcly at cach
and cvcry attempt, iiowcvcr pitiful. to mask thc
stark truths that surround us. 'i‘oday's tliotigiit
holds fast to the "wine and song” crcdo of thc
revcrcd ()mai'. 'l‘oday's thought falls ioiidly back
upon ilic dcar. dcad past; spasmodicaily di'cams of
renaissance. and sinks back into tlic liittci'm'cct
fog of mcmory. 'i‘oday‘s thought is iicklc. is it.
can it possibly be. ilic acccptcd mcntal proccss wc
have always known?

No single person, indccd probably no minority,
could swing this mass of confused idca into a rccog-
nizaiiic path loading to sonic firmly foriiiulatcd pur-
pose. Soincwhcrc. somctimc, this adolcscciil brain-
child of half a world will grow up. will gazc around
at its cnvironniciit. \Vlictlicr tlic kiiowlcdgc that
will tlicn conic will lic sickciiiiig or not can dcpcnd
only on how long tlic awakening takcs. And ccrtainly
there is no onc who can tell how long wc can
.m/c/y slccp.

’i‘hcrc is now. as there has always bccn, a certain
inexorable kuowlcdgc, for just as surely as thcrc
was a point of time 2~l hours ago, so will thcrc be
one 24 hours from now. Yet with this knowledge
coincs also the uncertainty of our continued exist.-
ence. Should Wc then tell ourscchs “'l‘akc 'l'odayi "2’
When havc we ever known for certain that for us
tomorrow will come?

chcr. th at tlic same timc, humanity has had
visions and has takcii stcps that thosc visions might
take on concrete form. (liin thus has tlici'c bccn
progrcss. it is ironic indccd, that the heroic ci'forts
of mankind should today rcsult in twisted and mot-
ley theories that wc fondly duii "philosophy."

The basic things how not changed. 'i‘licrc is
still ilic, and dcath, and time. it is true that the
intcr-rclationship of thi-sc ilircc grcat clcmcnis has
chaiigcd. (,‘liaiigc is natural; it cucroaciics upon us
as the sea upon the earth.

We are the earth, and to our inalicnablc rights
we i'iavc tiic powcr to adhcrc. iiui also ilkc Ilic
earth. or can acccpl cliaugc gracefully, and, if tiic
change is true adwuiccmcnt, gratefully. 'i'lic iicxt
few yiars, in the uniipic coiniiinatioii~rolcs of actors
and spcctators, we shall see the struggle and the
results.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS,

To The Editor:

“State College sororities control
State College politics," you non-
sorors scream.

We should like to present some
cold mathematical facts to you, the
so-called independent members of
the student body.

Roughly speaking. there are 300
girls who belong to sororities at
State College. Right? Using 300 as
the subtrahend, and taking the
number 900. which represents the
number of students in this noble
institution. as the minuend, we sub-
tract in the usual manner and find
that the remainder is 600. Now. this
number should represent the number
of girls who do not belong to a
sorority. or in simpler terms. the
members of the Independent Party.
Subtracting for such items as dis-
ability or krud, krud, we shall further
deminish our remainder of 600 by
200 (we’re liberal). Now, after spend-
ing several hours at the adding
machine. we find that the end result
is 400.

But wait! There must be some-
thing wrong in our calculations. For
we don't recollect having even seen
that many cheerful eager faces at
any meeting of the Independent
Paryt! Will someone please tell us
what's wrong?

Thanks,
Jane and Joe College

mm

 

Dear \Vcstbrook,

by RIIONA RYAN

FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1944

STATE COLLEGE NEWS Communications—

Dear Mauled Millie,
Bruised Bertha.
Scarred Sallie,

Year on year Milne has poured
down those steps for lunch. perhaps
not happily so. and no one complain-
ed about it. Evidently they do not
cause too great a clamor in the
peaceful state halls. You suggest
that Milnites be “trafficed.” It is not
a prison. only a high school.

We admit that Milnites are not
perfect angels, but your statements
of black eyes, bruises, and bowling
with bottles sound like pure exag-
geration. How would it be if you
were trying to go up the stairs and
over 200 state students were coming
down? Now worse than we Milnites.
I imagine.

You cannot have matters exactly
the way you want them. The 200
will not make way for you three.
They can‘t give you the whole stair-
way. It‘ you must have perfect tran-
quility. try another set of stairs, 01'
go to class before 12:34‘:.

State students are very far from
perfect. If you want your faults
pointed out, just pick on Milne a
little longer. It would not be good to
start up a traditional rivalry which
we thought. had stopped.

Sanford A. Bookstein.
Milne, '44.

 

\Vcii, Pegicr old kid. i knew you‘d do it, if I waited long enough. I
know sometime you'd fall into the trap of your own bad tempcr. But

I didn't expect you to slip so badly.
no end.

You did it up brown. toots thanks

It was in that column you wrotc about the American Ncwspitpci' (luild
you so firme dcclarc is "i'illilliililllriil'” though it is mcrcly mildly

iibcrai. jut that's off the point
you said. “The poll is (it'liliH'l'ilLit .'
the sort of rcmark one cxpccts from

'l‘lic piact- i'iii i‘ci‘ci'i'iiig to is \viicrc
(iii \Vcstbrook‘ i“Iil‘ shniiici 'l‘li;it’.~.

a itankiii or a liiibo i didn't know

you’d gone so entirely ovcr to thcir :~.idc. int now that i think of it.
you've been heading in that dircction for a long tinic now. Still

the poll tax is dcn’iocratic . . . .

that's a mouthful.

\\'hut's ilic Iiii'il.-i.Il'i‘.

\\'cstbrook'.’ ’i‘cil Mama. iiid thosc nasty old itcds ill thc govcrnmciit
say somcthiiig‘ to annoy you‘.’ liid thosc naughty (‘oniiiiunists that
belong to labor unions ask for morc pay to lllt‘L'I tiic rising cost of living‘.‘
What upsct. you. (lcar. and il'fltlf! 1'4 l' canscd you to conic out with that.
deciaration‘.‘ it gets my vote for thc most politically stupid remark of
the year, and that's saying somcthing. with Joint lirickcr campaigning.
\Vestbrook. l fcar you wcre in a bad temper and suffering front acid

indigestion. Have an alka—scitzcr.

Leave us face it, chum. you just didn't know what you were talking
about, in order to justify your statcineiit, you went on to say that thc
poll tax was democratic because a majority of the pcoplc in thc South

want it. ()h kid!

What you don't know about political scicncc would
shamc a low Hg. in nth grade civics

Let's get this explained, Westbrook.
Firstly, a majority does no! mnkc a democratic g'own'niiicnt. ’i‘ruc,
democracy is loosely described as a govt-rniiicnt by the majority through

their elected representatives. But Ii

is possible to pass many acts which

violate what we call the “democratic tradition," evcn if the rcprcscnta—
Lives have been elected freely. with all classes participating.

’i‘oiiioi'row. the people of the United States, let us prctciid. dccidc by a
decisive majority to adopt the Nazi form of govci'nmciit. ’l‘he Nazi
government is NOT democratic. No matter hair big a majority you roll
up. you can't make a fascist govcrnmcnt democratic. So. Westic. it.
isn't just it matter of iiumbers~it's a matter of certain stated principles.

Now let's get on a little bit in our primer of politics.

Among those

stated priiicipics of government i iiiciitioncd, the chief axiom of a demo-
cracy as am know it today is franchisc for cvcry citizen. The franchise.
\Vcstbrook, is tiic votc. Now whcii you say to a mun. “You are black.
You are a Negro. 'i‘hei'et'ore i hch dccided you cannot. vote." and no
iiiuttcr how great a number of the population says it, you (.‘ANNU’l‘ bc
iii-mocrutic. You are violating thc fuiidaiiicntui among fundamentals (If
thc rules by which a democratic state is guided.

Westbrook. you'd just better break down and admit you‘re out of your

element in the rarefied realm of higher thought.

Stick to reporting.

where someone can give you the facts, and you don't have to think.
Another thing you wont on to say that ii’ the labor unions could

demand duos before members could

votc. so the stairs could dcmund

taxes. No. no sir! You're confused again. You tried an analogy there,
and analogies inch a way of tripping onc up.

itivery citizen except for ccrtuin

spccit'iod classes, such as criminals,

and dcaertern has Ii. vote, tlic vcry cssciicc. thc. very basis of his citizen»
ship. ilc may, if he chooscs, licioiig to u labor union, but it. is not a

privilege of citizciiship.

it is o privilcgc accorded to him as It workcr.

or artisan. if he feels iic must join othci' men to demand cci'tuin rights.
he may form any union or organization iic pieuscs.

ii'it ncvcr, Iil’ilt‘l', NiCViilit docs hc how to join any organization in
order to vote! itixoopt, of coursc, in that [itii'l of ilic. South which UNdcnio-

(:I'itticailv denies it ruoc its right.
concern of the whole country.

A condition which is the shame and

Okay, Westie boy, that's all i wanted to say. Just. keep to your report-
ing, pal. You make a mess of this intellect. stuff.
Respectfully yours.

RHONA RYAN.

‘  . _

he”

at

Q!

by KIPI’Y Mansii'

This is the story of two characters, named re-
spectively. by fond parents. Albert and Ambrose. They
first met on a train which was carrying them to a
small college that no one had ever heard to save its
alumni. Albert discovered that Ambrose was a very
serious character and yawned rather audibly at the
discourse which Ambrose saw fit to deliver on what
he hoped to gain from a college education. In Albert’s
head danced visions of fraternity life at its bawdiest
and political life at its lustiest. He decided that it
was not wise to pursue his acquaintance with Am-
brose any further since it was apparent that Ambrose
was not the type to appreciate his manly outlook on
life.

And so they came to college. Ambrose and Albert
didn't see much of each other for when Ambrose was
hunched over his desk stooging on a paper for his
political science course, Albert was pursuing the
motto "Never let your studies interfere with your
education" at a nearby fraternity housc. On the
same day that Albert's name appeared on the first
page of the college newspape' as a freshman pledge
of Krappii Krappa, Ambrose's name appeared on the
third pagc in smaller type under the Dean's List.

Now in the course of human events it happcncd
that as Albert strolled into the library to fliid the boy
from whom be copied his math. he beheld a vision of
joy and loveliness. Aibcrt knew that this was thc i'cni
thing and as is the way with maids and men (it says
herci he soon became acquainch with this lovely
creature. He delighted in rcgaiing his fraternity
brothers with stories of his conquest and madc it
known that he would dcign to drag the young lady.
Alice by namc, to a big dance at the colicgc. However
the matter slipped his mind. loaded as it was with
important things such as sorting out notes from tlic
mailbox. and it was a Wl“‘l{ bcforc thc dancc whcn hc
I'cmcmbcrcd to mention to his date that thcy would
attend the (lance. iiimgliic his surprise when siic
announced that she had already accepted a datc siiicc
:i sorority sister of hers who went. with u fratcrnily
brother of his. had heard through dcvious chanucls
that he, Albert. was planning to ask aiiotiicr girl to
the dancc. imagine furthcr his horror to find that
illt‘ offcnding gcnilciiiun was nonc otlici' limit Amborsc.
Nothing would cliangc lici' mind. for Alicc was a woman
of honor. All‘ici'l told his brollici's that his moiiicr was
lakcn ill suddcnh and lic would havc to go homc that
ch-k—cnd. Ambrosc had conic through . . .

'i‘liis incidcn’. was soon cclipscd in Albci't's mind by
a much morc important ninttci' ilc had iii-cu iioin—
inach for class ])l't siticnt but Iinl'oi'lniiiilcij.‘ Ainbi'osc.
llic iiiiinl'oi‘nicd. had iiotiilnatcil nnotlicr i'i'alcriiily
biotin-r of his. 'i'his iiiiplcasaiit ciiiii'actci' i'cfiihcd to
turn down thc nomination :is a good t't'ntci'iiiiy hrotlicr
niioliid Ilil'l no a pow-wow wits ili'lii to dccidc which
onc should lic allowcd to rim. A rntiicr ili‘ilii'tl dis-
ilissioil cican-d and at tho ciiii nothing was dccidcd
i-sccpt lhnl iinlf of thc i'rotcruity would rmigii if ilic
oilicr linll' (tidn't tiiaiigc its mind and vicc \'cr:;:i. 'l'iicy
\vcrc still :Iigiiiiig wlicii clcctloii iiiiic camc around.
in thc iiicniitimc Ambrosc lind also bccn nominach
and siiict- thc frotcriiity had not sctticd cnough to
iiinkc onc of its customary dcals and its own votc was
split, Ainlirosc was lhc surpriscd i'ccipiciit of tlic
prcsidciicy of his class. Aiiiln'osc had conic through
again . . ..

Ami now war. Aliicrt iandcd in AH’i‘i’ coniinin-
your colicgc cducntion at, illt' cxpciisc of tiic ;_',tl\'l‘l'll~
iiiciit nnd lntighcii privntciy at. Aiiilirosc who gitcsscd
hc'd just. go in thc infantry. ilc lost track of Aiiibronc
to his scci'ct dciight and continucd with his cilucation
which was not ipiitc as casy as lic liilil plauiicd siiicc
tlic army didn't :ipprcciatc cxcnsus and thcrc was no
onc from whom hc coiiid copy his math. iiowcvci'. lic
figured that at. Icast lll' wasn't. in tiic infantry and
that was soiiictiiing to be thankful for. ’i‘hcn ouc
day a liorribic rumor startcd circulating around tiic
collcgc thii AS'i‘i‘ was folding up and lliai tiic boys
would cool tiicir lich iii l.iic infantry. Albcrt didn't
bciicvc it. ilc still didn't liclicvc it. whcn lic was ship»
pcd out and scnt. to an army training camp. ilc fcit
soiiichow that. an unsyiiipiillictic fatc inul doiic him
dirt. Albert was lined up with his illlll‘l' buddies and
put in churgc of a scrgcaiit, who cxpiiiincd to tlic boys
a few things whlcii the army would cspcci of thcin.
Ailici'l iookcd up unbclicviiigly nt. ilic first words
it couldn't bc . . . . A'i ycs but it was . . . .

Aiiibrosc hail come through . . . .

The Weekly Bulletin—

  

 

 

.\l('|' I‘IXIIIIII'I‘ \|It'I| 'J-i Ht'.\ Iiici'lilig
,\ t'tllli't'liiill of I'igiirc iilid in loiingc: L'Ill‘ai spcakcr is
landscapc |iilliilillil‘ iii oil iii-\crcu-i I‘ll'l’
li\ l‘itliill .\Iiliuii will lll' on .\prii '..'ii i'la-«t nit-clings
c\liiiiiilou III linr «mood at town for clcctioii of
Iiiiui‘ of lirapi-i' I‘roin \ion l'i.|:s~- oll'icci'~.
d.i\ through i"rld.i\ \pril ‘17 \cwinaii i‘liiii
HI .\I\|l‘2li NI‘IHSIIHV Howling is In \cwnmii llilll
i‘ai iiiiplli'n for tho sum .II T ‘Io I' \I
iini' \i'~~llili oi Illii liiiic .\pI‘il '_‘\ Si‘llliii' i'l.lww iii
iii-cu I'l‘ll'dNi'tl officially \lilnc pi'c:.ciit-. iloiiiilo
MN'IH. l'.\l.l'2\li.\lt Italiirc. "’I'oppi-r ’l'alu-n .\
\||i'ii '..‘I l'llt't‘iltiiiH iii as 'l‘I'ip" and "Hon of IIII’
.inlily Iiii' Ntiidclil Assn Sin-Iii .\iliiilmliiu is it‘s
il.|||liil ot’i‘nw-rs HIin
.\pi-il ‘Jl \i’.ir Niiinipi-i-il \jil'll 'Jil i'tipilol llintl'ii'i
,tt sjui |'\| in (‘oninnim l'li'w: l'iillli'l'i‘ill'l' uiil Iii'
lianclng and t‘llil'l'iiliiliill'lll in-Id In i'uuc liilii from Ill
.prii '.". .\iign.i I‘Inlcrs i’.\i to it i'.\I.
will Iiliisii'alc iiiodcrn .\pi'I| '.'ll Hopli liig 'l‘cii
dancing iii Page Hall at ' 'i'il Wc Mcci Again": in-
.s fiti i'\i Adininsion by gun» at bzlfi |'.\I. in i'.igc
Hiiiiiciii 'l‘ax ticitcin il.iii

   

 ,Ww‘Wm‘"1W‘le‘WWvawvA—u

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1944

 

PAGE 3.

 

Nominations at
Noon Meeting

Last Wednesday

Elections To Be Wed.
By Preferential Ballot

Nominations for the officers of
freshmen, Sophomore, and Junior
Classes were held at meetings Wed-
nesday. People nominated at that
time are:

Junior Class

President: J. Rooth. J. Siniih, and
L. Tishler; Vice President: J. Buyck
and P. Mulchay; Secretary: M. Dee,
E. Howell, L. Palmaticr, and K.
Rnpplcyca: Treasurer: J. Brumm,
N. Crumm. J. Hylind. and M. Quin-
lin; Publicity: E. Carmany. D.
Drollc, I. Beck. and V. Kozak; Class
Song Leader: J. Snow and M.
Sprcnger: WAA Manager: H. Bush-
nell. M. New. M. Sanderson. and H.
Stuart; WAA Representative: M.
Bostwick and B. Clough: Student,
Assoc. Song Lcudcr: J. Donahuc and
J. Snow: Student Council Repre-
sentatives: M. Dce. R. Fine, F. Gar-
fall. C. Goldhci'gci‘. E. Grcnnell, E.
Haycsltp. B. Putnam. J. Rooth. and
L. Tischlcr.

Sophomore (ilass

President: J. Ci'andall. M. Cronin.
E. J. McGi'ntli. J. Miner. and H.
Slack; Vicc Prcsidcnt: J. Griffin. P.
Hayes, B. itciff. C. Skavina. M, B.
Vcrnoy; Sccrctary: H. Grccnbcrg. 13.
Hamilton, T. Joncs. G. Smithling. 
Wilm, and L. Wolff: chrcscntalivcs
to Student Council: H. Brinkmaii. J.
Bcrbrich, V. El'i'lcy. R. i'ilgic, P. For--
hau. K. J. Grochi. K. Kcudall. i".
chin. J. Muthci'. ll). Moody. M. Naiy.
H. Ruukcy. J. Whitncy. and M. Wor-
slcy; Ti'casurcr: M. (Trainer. M.
Davis. S. Krcisbci'g. (l. Mcii‘crran. S.
Ford. and J. Maggio: Publicity Di-
rcetor: M. i.icblc. and 15. ‘arricr:
WAA ilcprcsciitulivc: (i. Dunn. J.
Grodcii. L. Kuiiii, M. Scymour. i?)
Shonp, and M. ii. Vci'nov; WAA
Managci': N. Bullock. (I. Dunn. M.
Scyiiiour, and id, Hlioup: Song i.ca(l»
cr: M. Casi-y. l4). ()‘liricii. and A
Young; Sllidcnt Assoc. Hoiig l,cadcr:
M. (fast-y, H. ’l‘i'op; .liuiior rid. of
Fi'osii l'londbook: .l. i’it‘l'iilil'ii M
Bilciiiw, A. .ltlllilfdtili K Kciidall. l'.
i.oi"aro. .l .‘iii-llonairl. (l \lcl'i i‘i'iiii.
M. Nolan. it). (i’Ncil. and .\i Ht‘iltitlt‘l'.
l"rcshiii:iii t'lass

i’i'csidcnl: ii. .i iiillncr. .l, (‘oiiicy
S. (irons. l’. liasliiii:.i-:y. H .l. .lolni~
son. M. ()'(il'ii(i_\'. l) ilidci'. ii Wak-
ill. and ('. ’/.uinbo: Vicc i‘rcsidcnt: .l.
Conic). M iJocior. A. Knapp M
chwui'l. M H. Hulhviui. M 'I'cliaii.
and .i. Wlniock: Hcci'ciai'v (‘. Axci—
rod. is lrcwstcr .i iiniing. .»\. (lor-
doii. ii. (iricdiiiiiii. A. Ktii'llll. and ('.
Quinn: 'l‘i'casin'cr: ii. ilodc. (l.
iii'ccklni, (3. (‘ook. .l. lict-Stcpimiio. .l
i)uiic. .J. (i(l(i(il‘lt'li. it i\'ic(.‘nriii,\. i".
Mi-(loi'iiiick. A. Mahoiicy. and M.
’uiniulici‘; WAA ilcpi'csciitiilivc: (l.
Callahan. .i. ilavirisoii, ii'. Mct‘or—
iiiick. it). Margot. ("i. Russo, \VAA
Manager: (l. iiakcr, ll. (‘isck .1. Hit--
vldsoii. i“. Nit-('oi'mick. it) Margot. (I
itusso, l). Hilvci‘iniii. (B. Smith. 16.
chciicy. and ii. \Viliii‘l':., MAA
Miiiiagci': .J. (foulicr. ll. liickiiison.
(i. iicss. A. Kaufumii. and i'. linsli-
iiisky; (iliccrlcndcr: ii. llrciinaii. M.
(’iiii'cy, .l. liulic. i'I. Maloiicy. and i’.
Nosnl; Publicity Director: .1. Alvcr-
son, A. Cox, li‘. l“cgicy, K. lingci'ly.
ii. it. illit. C. licsslci‘. M. ii. McNa-
iimrn, mid P. Hlicclian: Class Song
l.cadcr: (.‘. Bci'g, M. Curry, 1’. Cili-
mcru. A, i)clcggc, iii. Maloncy. in.
h‘kciiy, iii. chcncy. M. 'l‘clian, and
M. Wiulci'; Sludciit Association Hoi g
I.cn(icr: ’l‘. Chiiiici'a and M. 'l‘ciian;
Studcnt (louiicii llcpi'cscntativcs: (I.
Axcii'od. it. liciitlcy. .J. lioscr. M.
lirailliwail, is, llrcwslci', ll. M. ilrock,
.i. (lollici'. iii. i)oci'. iii. (loitlcii. K.
iingci'ty. l.. ilcci'iiiaiicc. ii. Kunz, l'.
Kcariicy. i’. Nosul. i’ i’cin'osc. M.
()‘(ii'ndy. M itcyiioitiii. it. iicyiiokis.
(i. Smith. M. ’I‘ciian. and V Van
Vi'iuikcn.

Nominations will bc opcn until
llzliil l’.M. todin Anyonc noiiiiiiutcd
foi iiioi'c illtlll oiic otl’icc must luch
l'i'llltli’t‘ti his iiniiic ll'Iilil all but onc
by illtli tliiic l‘iit't'iitiilti will lakc
placc chucsdiiy. with iiil cla:.:.ci.
using liic l’i'cl‘crciitiai liuliol.

Abboii Collection Exhibited

A colicctioii oi' i'igiirc and bind—
scupc paintings in oil will bc csliibit-
cd Monday through lI‘I'iday on liic
sccoud floor of l)l'ii|it'l‘ liuii ior thc
studonis' inspcciion.

'l‘hc artist is liltiilh Abbott, lcctui'el‘
at tho Mcropolitun Museum of Art.

 

Romeo of Yesteryear
Doubles For Famed Frank

“Oh, dear! What did Mother
and Father do when there was
no Frank Sinatra?"

"They went to see Rudolf Vul-
entino. of course!"

Yes, the Frank Sinatra of the
“lost” last generation, the great
Valentino. will appear next Fri-
day night at 8:15 PM. in Page
Hall in the “Song of the Sheik"!

Preferring the modern double-
fcature to the old-fashioned play,
the senior class of Milne has dc-
eided to present a revival of two
old favorite cinemas.

The other picture on the eve—

ning's bill is “Topper Takes A
Trip" starring Roland Young and
Constance Bennett, a show that
caused many varied comments in
the Broadway Press when it made
its debut.
I Fork an admission ticket cost-
ing only thirty-eight cents. all
the children of 1926 or there-
abouts. may cast an eye of dutiful
worship on the adored ravislier.
the Great Valentino . . . .'

 

 

 

School Journals

Hold Convention

Students To Participate
in Panel Discussions

'i‘o i'lllllilllSiZi’ ilic iinportancc and
contributions of a high school nch—
papcr. a Capital District Scholastic
i’rcss Coiit'crcncc will bc licld April
2!). a wcck from toiiiorroy, in Page
llall. i'tcpi‘cscntulivcs from approx—
imalcly i'ii'tccn high schools will be
prcsciit and will pui'ticipatc ill scv-
cral discussions.

A prison, namc not yct available.
wl.o is protiiincut in tlic ncw-papcr
iiiiii, will bcgin illt' coiilcrcncc at
to A M. with an int'ornml spccch.
'i‘lic st coiul spcakcr. i)i‘. Hiicilds Mc—
ilwaiiic, l‘roi'cssoi' oi in‘iiglish :il
.‘s‘taic, will tit'll'tl’l' .. \jlt't't‘il on folk-
l'irc,

As a port of iill‘ dog's ncIiviiics.
ilic siiidciil rcprcociitativcs ti'oni
"tit'll :-.('luitil will \‘.l'lii' a story about
llii- confci‘ciicc :iiiii :.pcnkci's ’i'iicsc
~tin'ics \\ill l)“ V|Ittiizctl :Iiiil ilic iicni
oins :a-lccicd. Hiiii'icv (lit. graduati-
'i'ltli'ili. \\'lil iic iii i'liai'iic of [his
j-li:i:c ot ilil’ convcntion

i“iiiiii\\liii{ ilic r-pcccltci. ilit'i'c will
i)" a l‘tiiil|(i tablc discussion which
will t'\'Iii‘.I' around Ihc topic of illt‘
mutual contribution llllt‘l't'hi. Mr.
.r\dolt Hclm' ic, instructor in indus—
trml Art. tlic l’lillili Scliuyici'
School. will bc . intii'miin. 'i'iic i‘aiici
iioaiii will i)“ compost-d of Miss Alicc
ilaniings. lllll'illltlli in tho liariiiaiiu:.
lilccckci' Library. who will spI-ak on
tho i.ibi‘iii'v and illt' High school
iii-\vspupci'. Mrs. John l'Iiiiiiorn of
ilic ('itt \i'ni‘ (‘oiincil till aid givcii
by school l|i'\\’hi)i‘|)t‘l'.‘§ to ilic \vai'
activitics. 1\lis~ Ada May (lillcruii.
i’i'c:.iticiit oi illt' .liuiioi' itcd (‘I'oss in
Albany. on ilic itcd Cross and tlic
.(‘lititil pnpcr. Mr. l.cstci' Hounds.
Principal of tlic Altanioiit High
School. on ilic Principal and the
school papci'; :lll(i Mrs. i‘Junicc Mcs-
sciil (ill liic l't'llliltlllhilill liclwccii
Ilic parcnls and ilic school pnpcr.

At noon. the faculty adviscrs will
bc scrvcd luiichcoii by Miss Miidi'cd
h‘iioi'dny. l)ii'ccior of ilic ()ui'ctci'lii.
ill ilic faculty rooms. 'l‘liis will bc
t'ollowod by a faculty busincss Inch-
ing. Altcndlnti studciits may buy
Ilicir lunclics in thc cut'cicriii. ui'lcr
which liuic liicrc will be dancing
uniil lziiil PM. llll(li'i' Ihc supcr-
Vision of Miss ()tt uiut Linn Uiidci'-
wood, ni'aduulc studciils.

A sccond paiicl discussion cou-
ccriniig "llow Ilic ‘upci' May lntcr-
prcl ilic Hcliool to ilic liomc" will
Iii-gin lli l’lio I’M. Hludcnt I‘cpi'c-
:.ciilntivc:.' ii'om six schools will lukc
part In this tliht'ltrsnltill which will in-
conducch by a sludcnt from Alla—
inont "i"|'l‘l‘tltilll of Hpcccli As it
Aj)|)lii‘:. Io iilt' (‘in and School
i‘upci's" will bc thc subjch oi ilic
third panci which will bc icd by u
Hciicncctiuly clinii'iiniii. ’l‘iiis pniicl
will touch on Ilic pchi' of llic
lactiin iltl\1.'1t'l'.‘i ol school pupci's.

At it PM. ii .zuidcd tour will bc
conducch through ilic ot'liccs and
pliiiil of ilic II'iIIc/t'iilioclt'ci' Nl’li'b‘
for any studciil dcicgntca who wish
in iiltciid.

Sanford llookatciu, retiring
kldilorin—i'liicl' of the (frimsoii and
ii’IiI/I', iho Miiiio paper. will he lilo
local chairman for the entire con-
t'orcucc. 'i‘iic band froiu Alliunont

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

\fou can bet it all that“TS”is the
Guy-Popular at mail-call. Those
folks of his never slip on sending
plenty Chesterfieids . . . and of
course being Aces himself, this
makes a handsome combination.

Sure. you’ve got it . . . Combina-
tion is what we’re leading up to
... Chesterﬁeid’s

RIGHT COMBINATION
WORLD’S BEST TOBACCOS

5 Key-words for the
milder, better-tasting
smoke that satisfies

 

_ THEYRE NOT KIDDING WHEN THEY ASK R39. _
" MORE MAIL AND THEY SURE APPRECIATE i
‘ THOSE CHESTERFIELDS YOU
I FELLOWS ARE
SENDING-

  

i
i
i
i

 

 

 

(nppiglii i'I-i‘l. lama ii a.- Milli: ‘ioimcto Co

 

 

 

. . FRED WARING'S
g,” /6' VICTORY runes
Five Nights 0 Week

all N BC Stations

iiigh tit-hoot will bc prcscnt to pro-
vidc the music.

Htudcnts attcndiug this confci'—
ciico uI'c I‘oducslcd io I'cghitci'. A
twcnty~fivc cent t'cc is the charge
for registration. State studcnts,
particularly those interested in be-
coniing advisers to high school
papers, are invited to register for
ilic convention.

 

Muhammad:th  t... . .. w . ix .. . .

 

 

. JOHN NESBITT'S
a/Iﬂ/ PASSING PARADE i
 Tues.Wod.Tburs.Nights '

all C 85 Stations

 

 

OTTO ll. MENDE RIGE ALLEYS
Western in Quail

THE COLLEGE JEWELEII . .
the a game for school leagues

103 CENTRAL AVE. from i) AM. to 6 PM. ‘ z‘

 

 

 

 

