 

, . _ “use
 _ j sculpt-.4 May 191:6
'_ y' ‘87, (Israel 1910

September”, 1944 _ No. 2
‘  T, Member , I Distributor

Associated Collegiitterss I Collegiate Digest
Tl under ‘raduate newspaper of the New York State
Collelege forg’l‘eachers; published every Friday of the Col-

_ l e enr;b the NEWS Bon’rd for the Student Assoc_l_n-
tlaogn. 3l’hcnesy: Office, 5-9373; Meyers‘, 2-1337; Drnry. 2-2m2.

IIPIIIINTIO POI NATIONAL AOVIR‘I‘IIING IV

National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420 MADIION AVI. NEW YORK. N.Y.

CHICAGO ° HOIVOI ' l0. AICILII ' 5M FIAICISCO

The News Board
DOROTHY M. MEYERS - -
suNNA E. COOPER )
EDNA M. MARSH, f '
Lots nnunv .
DOROTHEA SMITH
JOAN HVLIND
JOAN EERERICH
MARION BUETOW .
ELIZABETH O'NEIL .

 2

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its View.

The Strange Case Of A. D.

Twenty this year. Young. Too young. Died in
such a strange manner. And not much of an inquest;
shrouded in rumor; a too decisive verdict based on
insufficient evidence. Or was that prosecutor pre-
judiced? No, that’s not possible. Isn’t justice
always just? Or is that only in the story books?

Virile and strong and young. Thousands bene-
fitting by mere acquaintance. Loving and enjoying.
Being loved. Being helped.

Being helped? Were they impotent? But the
prosecutor knew. The prosecutor must have seen
the floundering in coma, the unnatural death. The
unnecessary death. N0, the prosecutor didn’t know.
That’s wrong. The prosecutor couldn’t have known.

And S. Yes, S. died, too. Companion and friend.
Was there any connection between the two deaths?
 wasn’t as strong; S. was younger. But  began
to fall so much sooner. So pathetic. Did the pro-
secutor see that too? Of course. That‘s why S.
had to die first? No, that’s wrong again.

But why did S. die? Yes, S. were the wrong kind
of clothes and said the wrong things; tried to do
the right things but there was no one around for a
pat on the back or a bit of encouragement. The pro-
sccutor was there. Was the prosecutor blind? Did
he ref use to see?

Two deaths? insufficient and circumstantial
evidence? And who did attend the inquest?

Step by step. incidan by incident. S. died first,
S, had to (lie first; had to be removed. Had to be
removed? Removed? ‘i'cs. Because without 5.,
A. i). could not. survive. liut the prosecutor . . .

THEY WERE .\'Il.'i{i)iCRlil)!

lint the prosecutor . . .

Where were you, Mr. Prosecutor?

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
CO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

Tomorrow's Teachers

"And the call to arms was soundod, but Stall-
hccdod not . . . "

At this limo . . . in this plate . . . and ya no
response. We shudder and four for the filllll'l' when
tomorrow's teachers can turn away with scorn from
a pl ‘41 for aid to relieve the touching shorlagoi

Last week, the Albany Con federation of Churchos.
enlisted the help of tho SCA. (lollogt- students woro
needed immediately to assist in registration. and will
probably be ncmlod for actual lt'tlt‘lllllg for the first
month or so of school until an :uloquato faculty staff
is available.

And so, one morning. in one of the group llollscs‘,
Ann Him, ’45, SCA tutor-(Tollogialc liopn-sontativo.
appealed to over 120 girls. Five ulforotl their sor-
viccs . . .

No, that om: group housc isn't all of State. liut
it is a fair cross—section of tho (,‘ollogof is it time
that we’re afraid to give? it would be worth a
couple of bull sessions. Are we pondering as to
whether or not we have sufficient experience? They
are asking for frcshn'lcn, Sophomores, juniors, and
Seniors.

You see, there are rooms filled with prospecth
studentsw-but the teachers’ places are unmoupicd.
We’ve had lid. lO-we’vc heard about teaching-~-
wc want to be teachers.

It is not yet too late.
mediatciy.

Contact Ann lt‘ritz im-

-, siA’rE cotteos‘uawMilloAv, SEPTEMBER 22, 1944

w E NEWS" C'ommunic‘olions-+

To The Editor:

To The Editor" , .

_Why does State bother keeping up
traditional, It seems extremely
ironic—at Fresh camp, Sophs con-
tinually haunt freshmen, warning
them about State’s strict traditions,
in November every Frosh is begin-
ning to put on the ole' class ring and
by January, it matters little who
enters the door first-Sophs, Frosh,
Juniors, and Seniors all join in the
mad scramble.

Once in a great while a Soph be-
comes brave and actually reports
someone to Myskania, an unknown
gremlin, one not powerful (enough to
wheedle his way out.

Traditions are made to instill that
intangible “State” feeling into fresh-
men. I fought for Myskanla so that
traditions might be preserved but
soon they will have nothing left to
preserve. Most colleges seem to live
for their traditions. State is begin-
ning to live without them.

“Traditional Tilly”

\

We sing “College of the Empire
State," and "Thee we sing today."
Lofty sentiments! '

A general fault here, is lack of
school spirit, but, more specifically,
why don’t the students want to go
to assembly? Last; week was the
freshmen’s first assembly, and they
must have been admirably impressed
when, having paused in a corridor to
read a bulletin, Jean Freshmen heard
two upper-classmen’s conversation—

"You’re not going to assembly are
you?"

“Well, I certainly don’t want to,
but I may want the out later in the
term.”

“Listen, stupe, no one will ever
know whether or not you’re there.
Why. they're not even going to take
roll.”

Are we upperclassmen immune to
this spirit of “all out for State?"
Let’s not. let the Frosh show us up!

Puzzled Student

 

SalutaZ/m

 

J.

They sat. a wise man and a youth.
She was a lady-youth, draped in pale
green to befit a maiden in a state of
innocence and inexperience. The
wise man had traveled far and
sought; her out from the other youths
on the countryside, for she had
shining hair and a face touched by
beauty. And above all, she had in-
telligence. She had been educated
by renown scholars; here, truly, was
the youth he sought.

They sat, the wise man talking and
she listening. There was another
land beyond her simple home, he
told her. a land of promise. and more,
of fulfillment. She listened to his
descriptions of beautiful buildings,
water fountains, and tall staircases.
He promised, too, great professors
who could make books spring to life
before her very eyes. There were
kind friends and wonderful activities
waiting for her; there was even
whispered talk about a possible meet-
ing with the goddess of wisdom.

The lady-youth opened her eyes
wide while the wise man rubbed his
hands together and thought, "I’ve
hooked her." ‘

But she was a wary youth who
said, “Sir, you must prove what. you
say."

He was prepared for tough youths
like this one. As darkness foil, his
tales became more vivid; he held her
altontion till the sky became black.
Then it was time to prove that he
was speaking the truth.

“With this strange machine, I will
show you the land I know,” the wise
man said. He produced a white sheet
and hung it from an oak tree. then
a rotmd can which he said contained
something callod film. He was ready.

And the girl heard music and
laughing voices, saw light. and color
dance before her eyes. The land of

T.

“Tomorrow’s Teachers" was hers for
just a little while.

Buildings like the ones the wise
man had described, professors, gay
students—they were all there. The
lady-youth longed to see her face
in the little pool in the beautiful
place called “Washington Park;" she
cried out with the youths playing
games; she was gleeful over the
antics of the younger creatures called
“Mllnites.”

The scenes were all exciting, but
the lady-youth found one picture
she wanted to capture and keep for-
ever. She clapped her hands and
whispered to the wise man, “What is
that?"

And he introduced her to new
words and a make-believe life.. A
youth became old while she watched.
The wise man said “That; is make~
up." Youths pretended to be furious
and frightened. They were “acting
in “Advanced Dramatlcs" produc-
tions. “Stugecraft” promised to be
best of all. Paint must smell nice,
she decided, and pounding would be
fun. Carefully she repeated the
words: Ad-vanccd-Dra-ma-tics . . .
Stage-raft. That would be her
world, and she begged to go with the
wise man.

The lady-youth donned a yellow
robe to travel the long road to the
land of Tomorrow’s Teachers.

The goddess of wisdom greeted
her. the people were kind. and the
land was inclcod beautiful. But there
was an emptiness waiting for her.
She went to see Advanced Dramatics
and to find the one who would let.
her smell the paint or teach her to
pound sets.

She found only the wise man who
stopped rubbing his hands and mut-
tering “I've hooked hor" long enough
to answer her questions with an-
other now word. Si-lonco.

 

AMERICAN HEROES

BY Milli?

 

 

 

 

road 0 such a record. Cun

r, ~ .... ;
o‘ .‘ " ‘l ‘
- f' . .9. ,1
. H l i 4
‘a m, . ' ,
..,.
i - Mpg .'
.1

I It.“ , ‘

outﬁt?

While utilising his way back to the hospital—lie was it walking
hospital cuscw—Masier Gunnery Sergeant James G. lilulock sputlorl a
group of Jupu in the underlirusll, Drawing his pistol. be entered the
thicket and came out with nine Jen prisoners, ‘

Marine Scrgcant Bluloek now were the Silver Star. uwurdcd him
for com lcuous gallantry in that Solomon Islands action. He can be
on be equally proud of your [load

dying record during the Thin War Loan?

in
—by KIPPY MARSH

NEWS FROM THE BOYS

Cpl. Dick Beach, class of ’45, now fiancee of Mary
Sanderson, also ’45, has returned to Fort McPherson,
Georgia, where his duties as radio repairman keep him
occupied meanwhile . . . And from the South Pacific
comes news from Lt. Dale Wood, '46 'who is second in
command on the U.S.A.A.T. “Sea Perch" . . . Said he
had seen Curt Pfaff on Guadalcanal and the two of
them had celebrated in typical K.D.R. Fashion . . .
There are vague unconfirmed rumors that Frank
Woodworth also of the might class of ’45 is in Navy
officers training school . . . From the female angle, and
we do mean angle, we saw Angie Fabrizio lately of the
shorn locks who was en route to join friend Porky
Munson in the Spars . . . It is to be noted that the
Waves and the Spars will join their sisters the Marines
in closing their doors to any female applicant . . .
At Hobart with the Navy V-12 is Terry Smythc, popular-
man of '46 . . . Another ’46er Jim Ryan is at Middy
school . . . somewhere . . . Having disposed of the baby
alumni, we shall thence proceed to other more weighty
matters . . . Pfc. Marshall Ackerman '46 lately of the
blonde and two Bulcks is now at Port of Embarka-
tlon . . . Seen wandering around school . . . Gil Snyder
and friend (male) from the Air Base at Charleston,
South Carolina . . . manages to celebrate with Gordon
and Roz Hastings also in South Carolina once or twice
a week . . . Gordon is waiting to go to Officers Candi-
date School . . . he hopes . . . Need addresses of . . .
Marty Bortnick and A/C Homer Leggctt . . .

THE SAME OLD FACES

In the halls . . . T/5 Speed Kobienz, who has an
office job in Washington . . . Reports that Gardephe
is down there and the two plan a reunion soon with
State women in service stationed at same point . . .
to wit, Bcv l’alatsky, Mary Kay Bricrton and any
others picked up on the way . . . Louis Rabincau from
Camp Pickett, Virginia . . . planning to go, 01' rather
the Army is planning for him to go overseas . . . And
the luscious Miss Hayden in Cadet Nurse uniform from
Pittsburgh . . .

ET MORE

Gordon Baskin home last. week end sending his most
passionate love to all the girls . . . especially the new
freshmen . . . back to Wyoming for him . . . In the
incredible place Indiantown Military Reservation in
Pennsylvania is Harold Lind . . .

lN MEMORIAM

_l.t. George Eat-ing, husband of Dora Aungst. class
of '44 was killed in action fighting in the cavalry under
Lt. General George Patton . . . To Mrs. Eating her
classmates and friends extend their deepest sympathy .

LOUD AND STRONG

The rains may come, the storms may roar, Minorva.
may lose her glory but the Gi's always come through.
The modal this week goes oi. George Poulos late of the
class of '47 who has provcn the writer, long-time
deploror of the lack of school spirit, an alarmist at tho
oxtrcmc. . . Flo Gari‘oll, President of the Student Assoc—
iation is posscssor of letter from said sailor with a
six dollar enclosure to be used for the Studont Union
Fund . . . The Student Union conceived in hopo and
dodlcutod to the proposition that. Stato. may ho a now
State . . . This will probably be ono of many rulcli con-
lributlons. for lodgod far from homo is lho intangiblo
spirit. of State . . .

(‘thlu‘TiI MORE

(.‘pl. iiornio Skolslty. ‘4-1, ono-timo holdor of tho lllll‘
"Crisco Kit" now shortened to “Pudgy,” writos from
a bathtub whore he was found awaiting tho ll'tililt'tll
hurricane lwhich unfortanmloly chnngod its murm-
bol'oro it rouchod Bornio‘s bathtub) . . . Bol‘lllo 1:.- ox-
pocting a furlough from Boca Raton Field and will
look ovor tho fro-simian girls as in the old Potll-r Club
slyio . . . Don't. worry girls. chuporonos will bo sluttonod
at improprialc lnlorvuls . . . Word also from tho formor
tod—hom’lod dictator of tho P. t). . . . This in tho days
when shy girl reporters were boalon and thrown in
tho col‘llcl' along with all tho other old bolllor; . . . lluyo
ls_ul. Kooslor Mold and mouths to bo loading a bio of
lotsuro . . . Wo hour also that Ira Freedman is off
the oligiblo list. by Elslo li‘orbor, class of "ill . . .

'l'lll'l QUIZ Kll)

Just a couple of questions . . . Why did tho l’si (lama
udopl. as their new slogan "I’ll help vou (ioorno‘.“' . , .
What. two men come in unswor lo Illvllnd's ploa for
help . . . Why is iinotow roulllng tho. (_ll)Nl‘lilfl)|lllN:~lh so
passionately those days? . . . Anti who will be lho black
horse onlorod in this yonr's Campus Quoon compol it ton?

M‘iiNt)WlJiiiGlllidiiN’i‘
This column is dcdlcntod to No. Johnny (llowo . . .

The Weekly Bulletin——

V. v 2‘: Junior lloooplion Holt. 2:: I r -
l‘or troshIm-u In l'ago llull, Nil-oling in lumiln glut (llil-dI
mull 1'. All. I lll'l'. auto I'M. '
all-pl. ’Jti ‘tbupholuoro (‘luns 5,, ,l o” qr «
\yoloomos ll'lin’ll ul I'l-oopllon “null,” ' 1'  ".mm" I“
5" PM“! mm‘ “In” "M, .H I “on H‘ulh'iooh .\|l|lll|l
' '.'»l Nowlmln l‘lub u“ l" 7"” l”‘"
I frortlmmn Womou, “"1” '13 Nowmuu t‘lull
I; I” 5-, p' M. illiollug at Nowmmi liull.
.‘iopl. iii Nowmun l‘lub 73“” I" “-
Hllwltl'l‘ for thou of '1H in

#1» l, 'JH ' .u. i
“o‘tiroallon ltlmm, N to ill (I. “WWI” HUI.

holds ltooopllou in Looms"
Hztlli l'. .\I.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER

Dr. Greene Enacis Life Drama
In Summer Work At Hospital

Every freshman and upperclass-
man at State knOWS Dr. Matte
Greene, College Physician. Dr.
Greene, the little woman in white, is
always there to soothe sniffling stu-
dents. Little do they know however,
of the many interesting, and sonic-
times gruesome experiences she has
had that. go toward making a doctor's
eyes soft and understanding.

During the past summer, Dr.
Greene added a great deal to this
long list of experiences in her work
at the Women’s Hospital of Philadel-
phla. The Women’s Hospital is the
oldest hospital in Philadelphia and is
staffed completely by women. It. is
the hospital where Dr. Greene, fresh
out of Medical College, first went as
an interne nineteen years ago. Need-
less to say, she knows practically all
of the personnel, in fact, she grad-
uated with many of them.

For five summers previous to the
past; summer, she worked as assistant
in roentgenology lX-Ray to laymen)
and anaethesia. This year, she acted
as part-time chief resident in charge
of emergency and accident service
and clinic. The chief-resident is in
charge of water rounds. assumes full
responsibility for emergency cases,
autopsies, operations, and takes care
of admissions and discharges to and
from the hospital, in addition to
many other duties.

It was in this work that Dr. Greene
cared for all sorts of cases from
horse bites to automobile accidents.
Talk about rivalry, Dr. Greene was
apt to be routed from bed in the
middle of the night to deliver babies
or care for old men. to say nothing
of the toilet-tissue decorations her
room received from affectionate in-
ternes.

Anyone interested in current pro-

 

blems, could easily consult Dr.
Greene as an authority. The Phil-
adelphia strikes brought in many
cases to to Dr. Greene. The situation
became so bad that it was often
necessary for her to go to and from
cases in a police wagon. Everything
from trucks to private cars, some-
times halled in a most unprofession-
al manner by Dr. Greene herself, had
to be used to transport patients.

As for dellnquincy, Dr. Greene
was kept busy treating young girls of
12 to 14 years of age. It would be
well if mothers of delinquent child-
ren could hear Dr. Green tell of
the pitiful cases and terrifying re-
sults of this war-time epidemic.

To illustrate the pace at which she
worked, Dr. Greene related a typical
morning, mentally drifting back to
Philadelphia from time to time. Early
one morning, a boy was brought in
minus two fingers and plus a piece
of lead lodged in his chin. He had
been playing with an old shell and
discovered its potential energy in a
most undesirable manner when he
tried to pound it with a rock. Next,
a meat-man came in. He had sliced
off part of his thumb and was bleed-
ing badly. While the boy lay groan-
ing on the table, the mother moaning
and weeping in the hall, “My boy!
My boyl". and the man sitting in a
chair with a tourniquet, a colored
mother entered with a three-year
old son whose hand was badly man-
gled from the washing machine. No
sooner had the room been cleared
when a man came in with a fish
hook lodged in his hand, followed by
a man on a stretcher who had been
caught by a tree when the horse he
had been riding began to run away.

“It was a hectic life," said Dr.
Greene. “but I loved it!"

 

Extension Classes
Begin Saturday

The extension division of the col-
lege has outlined the program of
evening and Saturday classes for
the fa‘i term. to begin tomorrow
morning

Monday nights Mrs. Martha A.
Egt‘lhlt’lll, instructor in Social Stu-
dios. will proscnt a course on Am-
erican biography: ’l‘uosdays, Dr.
[touts C. Jones, Assistant Prol‘ossor
of English, will giro a oourso on
American lltornturo; and Wednes-
days, Dr. M. «\nnolto Dobbin, 1n-
slrut-tor in Spanish, will offor tho
final part. of oltmont.:u'y Spanish.

The Saturday coursos nro: Oria—
im of tho sortmd World War. by Dr.
(iotll'riod Morkol. Prol'ossor of His—
tory; Midworttorn culturo and lltor—
uluro, by Dr, Shiolds Molllwaiul‘.
l‘l'l)lt‘.-“;l)l' ol languish: Conzaumor ooo~
mimics, by Dr. ’l‘lu-odoro Standing.
Prot‘ossor of I‘Ir-onomlcs; 'l‘lio lu-ullh
(if thorn-111ml ohlltl, by Dr. litllph (i.
Uluuwll. Prolo‘mor of lliology; Psy—
('lu)lo;;ll-nl 1t'nl;- nppliotl lo gllltlanl'o.
by ill". .1. Allan llil'ks. Prol‘ossor of
Clunlanco; Multrial and przll'lioos
in group unidunoo. by Dr. Margaret
firm-s. Awsislnm l’l'lifosmu‘ of liltlll'
onllon; ltlduoatlonal rosoaroh prob-
loms. by in. Arthur K. lloik, Pro—
l'o:;:.or ol l'Idulation; and (‘ompnra-
tiyo l‘lllllt’illltllllll ohtlosoplty. by llr
italph ll. l(t*11!11‘\. .r\‘-..~.i~lun: i'l'lilo~--
rim" of (.llllt’llllll'i‘.

’l'liosl' column. lll'l‘ upon to all
nralluato .‘llltlt‘llliv who apply.

Part.Time Employment
Open To All Students

Purl-limo work, now ayuilublo in
soyorul lllll'oronl. llt'lds, may bo up-
pllod tor lln'ouub Mrs. lVllllh'l'l‘tl tn
Donn Slokos‘ ol'fll'o, All work gulli-
od through the Port-limo ls.‘mplr~y-
monl. lilll'oull has boon lnvostllmtod
unll upprovod.

Many of tho sloros in Albany lmyo
llﬁlll‘tl for studonts to do purl-limo
sulos work ul'lor school hours or on
Wook-onds. Mrs. Mulsood has tur—
thor information on this subjocl.

'l‘horo is an opening in a dance
studio for a student pianist. who is
able to play a largo. ntunbor of pop-
uitu- songs.

A tutoring position in Math and
[latin for third your high school is
also available at the present time.

Soph News Try-Outs
Scheduled This Monday

All sophomores interested in trying
out for the position of Sophomore
Desk Editor of the STATIC Common
News are requested to attend a
meeting this Monday, at noon. in
the P. 0. At that. time, the sopho-
mores will be informed on the
method of try-outs.

Each fall, six sophomores nro
stloctcd for tho odll‘ol'iul stufT as
Dosh Editors. Appointnlonts uro
htlsud on the interest and ability of
tho applicants. From thoso six
studt‘nts, lhrco Associate Editors aro
choson, aniu'ulnconn-nts being made
on Moving—Up Day. In lhoir aonior
your, the throo hccomo Etllllil‘—lll~
Chief and (Jo-Managing Editors or
Co-Edilors-in-Chiol‘ and Managing
Editor.

SCA Seeks Aid,
Teachers Needed
Due To Shortage

r Opportunity Offered
For Experience, Salary

Due to the intense shortage of
teachers all over the nation. the
Albany Confederation of Churches
has expressed a plea through the
Student Christian Association for
State College students to spend a
few hours a week in teaching relif
gious education in Albany churches.
A salary ranging from $1.50 to $2.00
a session will be paid—the average
session will last about one hour.

Grades requiring teachers are
fourth, fifth and sixth years, and
junior high school. The following
schedule includes the churches
where the classes will be held, the
days of the meetings, and the grade
for teaching.

St, John’s Luthetch—Wednesday,
fifth grade.

West End Presbyterian—Wednes-
day, fourth and fifth grades.

Booker T. Washington and Wash-
ington Center—Wednesday, fourth,
fifth, sixth grades.

Trinity Methodist—Tuesday, sixth
grade.

Anyone interested in teaching on
any of these days should contact
Ann Fritz. ’45, at Pierce Hall dorm-
itory or via Student Mail.

“As all grades of society are rop-
rescntcd in these classes, this
should prove a valuable opportu-
nity for any State student to build
up experience in the fields of social
work and teaching." states Miss
Fritz, Inter-collegiate Representa—
tive of SCA. Preparation for this
teaching will depend on the present
qualifications of the individual. Ap-
plicants with Sunday school experi-
ence will be considered well quali-
i'iod.

Volunteers for an undorclassmcn
church choir have also been asked
for by the Confederation. The choir
meets on Thursday for practice and
will sing on Sunday mornings, This
will be considered as a part of the
regular service. All expenses will
be paid by the church.

Student Tax Requested

Florence Clarfall. '45, President of
Student Council. requests that all
aludonts who have not yot. paid
lhoir Student Tax or class duos do
s.) immediately.

’I‘li-o Board of Audit. and Control
will road the names of those who
liayo not yet purcbasod tholr Stu-
(lont Tax Ticket in eissombly this
morning or on noxt Friday.

[I’ll Help You, George/CSlole Says
’70 Bill Zoll Of Heisler Hoax

"l'll lll‘ll) you (looruo:" Escaping;
mlmiontarlly from Illl‘ ovor-wlu-lm-
ing ory to assist. liill Zoll. alias
Gotham lirislor. boro of "’l‘ho .‘-‘.o\'-
lnill Cross." pushod his l'otloo oup
:1\\‘tl). rolaxlll in his l‘ll:lll'. in on
Amorll-an t'lltill‘1‘lll‘, and lilltll‘l‘fxil‘tl
lilo ltnrtoon llsl (lamina-a \\'llll
whom ho was dining Wodnosdoy
owning: "’l’ln~ in tho first limo 1
intro t'\'l’l' boon in a room with .~.l
mow. orautil'lll woinon.”’l‘l1onot-out
was dollnlll-ly (lol'mull. but 1111- lino
soundoll \ll'ullgoly liko r;tllllt‘llllll;: ho
might lmyo piokotl up in Amorll'a.

llurlng tho l'lt'sl lln'oo days of tht‘
\\'t‘l'li. win-n Mr. lloisior wandorod
along Stulo strool with tho noon
crowd, ho war. groolod and lllll‘l'l'tl
asslstulu'o by oror sixty pooplo.
“Albany,” ho suld. "llko tho rosl. ol
Amorlrn that l huvo soon. .-.oom.~.
yory opon and ubovo board to mo.
It is good to bo t‘roo and not lmyo
ovory movomout \\’lll('lli‘(l ‘1‘ho
pooplo uro yory kllul."

llo's u ulco looking mun, Mr.
llolslor. Now, now. girls luoro con—
lrol, plonso! l'lo looks young for his
ago and not. at. all llko Sponcor
'l‘rnry. 'l'boro was a definite roluct.~
unoo on his purl. to discuss any of
his escapades. When questioned, he
said mocklugly that he could
not state exactly how he got out of
Gernnmy because future prisoners
of the hated Gestapo may still wish
to use these same routes and some

of lllr. trionds who osl-npod. but uro
not yot out of (ilormany may also
wish 1.) u:.o lllt'lll.

Almnllotnnu tho discussion of hi“-
:llltonllu'os, llu- :zll‘lr. nnum,.,od to
.n.ll out :1 low of tho lllliltln in Am—
tilt'tl which lllllll't‘H‘l'tl him most.
1 in .onaxl’d lllnl tho Ann-r1—
olo I‘lilt‘a oro :.o brightly llgthtt-(l and
omlroly lroo from blur-knuuls. llo
was .vonulnoly improssod by tho
:‘tllllllll of lllf’ lilmph'o Sllill‘. lin—
lllllllllfl. ho thinks. is a your good
policy.

liill '/.oll is a l't‘lnu'll‘l‘ on tho 'l‘imos
Union who posod as tho fictitious
horn of "'l‘lto Hoyoulh Cross" ill
tlo'.'.'nlo\yn Albany this wook. Clad
in llill'ol'ollt outfits for ouoh of tho
lll‘nl throo days of tho \yook, tho
yotum man was uoroptod by many
who ol't'orod lo holp him as tho roal
tloorgo llolslor.

With a complololy sobor taro. ho
list his "firsts" in Amorll-n. Not on—
ly (lltl ho have his first liomo-mudo
loo oroum Wodnosdny or wour his
first comploto. suit. of clothes, uftor
his nrrlvul in Albany, but. he also
had a "first" impression of Ameri-
can girls. They urc—-thls is rare”
clean cut. decent, and intro minds
of their own. On the other hand, be
views, or probably imagines Gernum
women as athletic, a little more (115-
taut and completely domineeer by
the men of the country. Gornumll
horr loo r'ontt’.’

_ n, 1944

 

Juvenile Delinquency Wave
Lashes Thoroughbred Min

ch . . . tch . . . tch. And at
her age, too. Oh, Minnie, ain’t.
you ashamed?

Well, it looks as though Minerva
caught a flickering glimpse of
those smohoothe frosh men. What
other reason could there possibly
be? It didn’t happen last year
or the year before or the year
before or the year before ad
infinitum. No sir! Not since the
year 1933. according to a member
of the class of 1948, who, for ob-
vious reasons, shall be nameless.
And that was the spectacular year
that Roosevelt started the New
Deal and our Minnie donned sev-
eral coats of brilliant, tropical-
red nail polish.

But why she bothered with
mothballs and blue ink is beyond
us. Certainly not glamour bait.

An investigation is now in pro-
gress. Myskania has sworn to
find the culprits or prits. Cer-
tainly if Minerva were aided and
abetted by a guilty party or ties,
they should be made to suffer.
After all, Minnie is getting along
in years and is not; entirely res-
ponsible for her actionspshe may
even be a bit senile.

So let’s get to the bottom of
this insult and find the gremlins
who took advantage of a solitary
old lady.

 

 

 

Commission Issues
New Regulations

According to Lea Tlshler. ’45,
Grand Marshall, Campus Commis-
sion Regulations are listed under
eight subheads: Annex Area, News
Office, Mall-boxes, Commons, Mar-
shals, Lounge, Campus, and Lost. and
Found. Miss Tlshler released some
of the major items.

Annex Area.

1. Each student is responsible for
placing milk bottles and refuse in
their proper places.

News Office

1. Only News board members may
be in the News Office on Thursdays
from 10:30 A. M. to l P. M.

3. Cigarette butts must be placed
in their proper place.

Mail-boxes

1. All notes must. be 2"x4”, folded
and dutod or they will be removed.

2. No books may bo returned via
nmil-boxos.
t‘ommons

1. No outing. Cokos may not. be
lakon from commons.

12. Butts will be placod in propor
pianos.

:1. lslnch organization is bold ro-
sponsiblo for his own desk.

4. l'Ji'lncinu‘ 12 noon to 12:35 P. M.
li‘ridays 2:30 on, Piano 1‘2 noon to
12:35 P. M.

Marshals

1, Will opon nssombly doors at 11
A.M. and closo at 11:30 AM. and
maintain ordor throughout ussombly.
Loungi-

i. No smoking. outing, or
.‘-~lll('1l(lll.‘i talking.

('Ull-

‘ umpus

1 No cutting across lawns.

:3. No outing lunchos or drinking
ookos on campus.
Lost and i-‘ound

I. Put all nrlll-los 111 Lost and
Found box.
Vacancios il'iiiod

'l‘wo yacnnclos on Campus Com-
mission lmyo boon l‘illod. .lutlilh
l)ubo. ‘17. will roplaoo Mury Ruth
MoNunmru, '17. us hood of tho frost
and Found Commitloo. Ann Lustrok.
“17. will roplnco l“l'lllit‘lh‘ McCormick.
"17. us nmrslmll to tho Sophomoro
class.

 

HERBERT’S

1054 Madison Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

.——.——w

lIIIlE ALLEYS

Western d: Quail
15¢: a game for school leagues
from 0 AM. to 8 PM.

 

 

Forum  _,
Fresh Recepib" 

Forum, headed by Rosario Trusso,
'46, will sponsor a reception for the.
freshmen in the Lounge, Wednesday,
at 3:30P. M. All frosh are invited
and urged to attend. An election
party will be held Tuesday, November
'7, in the Lounge in keeping with
current interests. The time will be
announced later.

Jean Groden, ’46, Editor of the
Soapbox, announced that the first;
issue of the Soapbox will come out:
today.

Since many are in doubt about
absentee voting for the coming elec-
tions, Miss Russo has released the
voting qualification. One mast be
21 years of age on election day; one
must be a resident of New York State
for at: least one year, live in the
county for four months and 30 days
in his election district. One must
register before he can apply for an
absentee ballot.

The following are rules for regis-
tration and very important: one
must register in person if he lives in
a city or village with 5,000 people or
more. There is non-personal regis-
tration in a city or village with less
than 5,000 people. If one is going
to be away from his home or place
of residence on election day, he still
may vote by using the absentee
ballot. Application for such a ballot
may be made at the time of registra-
tion. However, if the individual fails
to apply at that; time, he may write
for such an application before
October 15 so that his application
can be filed with his particular
Board of Elections not later than
October 21 tor any other date set by
his own Board). After having filled
out his application, he should have it
notarized and send it immediately to
his Board.

The Forum of Politics has applica-
tions for absentee ballots to give to
all those who live in Albany County.
For further information concerning
absentee ballots, students are urged
to contact Anita Leone. '45.

BAC Names Dillon
Secretary For '44-'45

Ann Dillon. '45. was elected to the
position of secretary for the year
1944-45 by the Board of Audit and
Control during the past week.

Since the current semester has
begun, the Board has devised a plan
whereby its members will assist Dr.
Cooper in keeping the books in or-
der. In previous years, this was al-
most completely the responsibility
of tho ’1‘1'ousurcr oi the Board.

’1‘bo Board of Audit and Control
has oomploto jurisdiction over all
oollogo finances. and publishes, bl-
monthly. lho statements containing
tho ('urronl rooolpls and expendi-
ture. of ouch organization.

thbors of tho Board for tho
prosom collogo your are Ann Dil-
lon. ’11:"), Dorothy li‘nnlk. '45, Ltlclllc
(loin.  Katherine Moran. '45.
Holly Juno l\lt‘(.il':llll, ‘46, and Holon
Slur-k. '~ltl.

 

(WM) H300

in a lt‘riondly,
Com l'orl able

Atmosphoro

I I '5 ’ 3
WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

