   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

No. 14
Distributor
t‘olleg'iiite Digest
in-n'sluiper of the New York State
(foliage for ’l‘eaeln-rs: published every Friday oi the. epi-
lt‘gt- rear by the NEWS Itoard for l_llt|_.\ll‘ltlulil Ahsgltnl‘l:
lion. .l'lltillt'si tll‘t'lee, .‘i—tltthl: liiixter. Q-ooln; hteiigel. 8--.9 ,

I'lt'ltel'l. 2-2752.

January 7, 1944

Vol. XXVIII
Member
Associated t‘olli-g'liitc Press

The umlergrailinile

NEFNESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING “I
National Advertismg SerVice, Inc.
College Publisher: Represmmtiw

420 MADISON A'IE. NEW YORK. N. Y.
MIC/too ' BOSTON ' LOS ANGELES ' SAN FRANCISCO

The News Board

MARY B. rt-LNGEL —
JANET K. EAXTER

JANE PICKERT -
LILLIAN GROSS - -
BERTRAM KlLEY -
SUNNA COOPER _
JANE HEATH -
DOROTHY MEYERS

EDITOR-INACHIEF
- CO-EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

- ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOIT

All t‘iulllllltllllt'IllIIIlls should lu- :liltll'«‘~st'tl to lllt' mli!or :Illll

must be ~igtu-il. .\:imes \viil lll' withheld upon request.
The S'l'A'l‘l-I t'til.l.l‘ltiI-I .\'l'l\\'.\' assumes no l‘tisjiolhlltllll;
for opinions t'\jil'l"<I-tl in lls tolumn-~ ol' coininun‘iea'tions
:is sm-h t'.t.]ll'i‘<~ltIII\ do not necessarily i'n-llvct its \lI'\\

 

Confusion in the Cafeteria

The recent organization and remodeling of the
Cafeteria and Annex area by now appears to have
proved tremendously worthwhile. Startling results
are apparent in that from 800 to 1000 people pat-
ronize the Cafeteria daily. This information is re-
enforced by the office records of Miss .\lildred
Shordav, liirector of the Cafeteria. which indicate
verv (lefinitelv that the Cafeteria is more successful
this year than it was last. in addition to a decrease
in the cost of the main luncheon dish. . .

Well and good.

There is sufficient help at present on the staff.
The appearance of the rooms are indeed pleasant.
The schedule of keeping the t‘afeteria open from
11:30 to lzlS is consistently being maintained. Also,
candy is being sold at the counter daily between
1:30 and 4:30.

All these things are fine indeed and creditable,
too. Except that every day at 12 noon, the Annex
area is jammed, jammed by the long line of people
awaiting their turn to buy either sandwiches. or hot
dishes, or milk. or little snatches. There are sup-
posedly two lines. one for the sandwiches et cetera
and one for the hot dishes. lnvariably. these lines
merge or assimilate until people are crashing into
the wrong line and hence activated confusion.

In addition to blocking the corridors, and filling
the eating rooms to capacity there are still people
who are forced to eat their lunches, rho/(ling!

When there are no other alternatives or “outs”
to a situation, one is naturally forced to accept the
consequence. He'll take it. but he won't necessarily
like it. That is human nature. lint. in the present
situation, there seems to be a probable method for
alleviating this disorder reopening the old Annex
room which now lies useless.

Last year. this room was used for the sole purpose
of selling sandwiches, milk, candy. and cakes. Dur-
ing the day, people could grab a snack therein as
well as eating there during the noon hour. There
was none of the bottle-necking that is so markedly
obvious this year.

Rc-opcuiug this quarter might possibly lead to an
earlier set~up in the morning of the sandwich booth
and milk bar as was done in previous years. We
see no reason why not.

As for the room itself, a little remodeling aiid
cleaning of the place Wtitlltl make it alti‘attive to
the student body There remains little doubt as to
its popularity it last year and all the preceding years
are tiiiy criterion.

If not this. then something should be done so
that those students so desiring «an get their break-
fast at stlltiol in~tcad of eating out. Something
should be done to case the nervcwvrar king confusion
of the noon hour.

The Annex and (‘afctcria situation has shown
such strides over the bad conditions which were
faced sevrral years ago. An efficient and workable
organization has been built up which insures stu-
dents a conVcnient place for meals.

The above criticisms are only meant to improve. a
situation which while not alarming slows up the
efficiency of an otherwise good organization.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, JANUARY 1, 1944

 

WAR

 

WWW

 

S TAMPsl“?

 

What Color War Stamps Do You Think Go Most Willi Red Hair?

 

’0me

 

She opened the door and switched
on the lights in the dark living room.
The apartment was silent. Hang-
ing up her coat wearily. she
walked over mid put on the radio.
The room filled with the gay music
of a Mozart. symphony. sounding
somehow out-of-place in the empty
room. Standing there. she listened
for a while in the center of the
room. until she walked over with
quick steps and clicked the knob, and
she was alone in the room again.

There was no music. only the quiet
and the thought of another Satur-
day night gone. Once more in the
dreary succession of Saturday nights.
she had gone to the movies. alone.
In the forty-fourth year of the twen-
tieth century. in the twentieth year
of her life. she had spent the sixth
consecutive Saturday, alone.

She sat down in the armchair and
picked up the book of poetry she
had been reading in the afternoon.
And there were the words. biting
into her mind. hurting the heart
with their immediacy . . . .

“Is it like this

In death's other kingdom
Waking alone

At the hour when we are
Trembling with tenderness
Lips that would kiss

Form prayers to broken stone.

Quickly she dropped the book to
the floor. but the words were writte
on the walls she stared at with
thoughtful eyes.

Standing again. she walked across
the room. and walked back again,
wringing her hands without know—
ing she did. Another Hattii‘day
night. almost. gone, almost,

She turned to the phone. and
picked up the directory. Then she
stood silently for a minute, and
thought It was too late. everyone
would be in bed. or studying. If
tlicrc were only someone to talk to,
so that there would not be this quiet.—
ncss it there were another voice, it.
would not be so hard liut it was too
lttte

The room screamed with silence.

Hhe stopped in troiil ol the mirror,
anl looked at the girl reflected there,

Weekly Bulletin"—

(il I)I|H‘ll"l'0ll\
summit touncit .lslcs aimlan to buy
til liii-i-t-iory .r‘li lll‘l'tlt'll In |i.l\ for I'Iml
of mailing Illi‘lll to ~r‘l\lIIllIt'lI l'i'oui
Stirli-

_.

CALENDAR
.l.in i l“rosh.\'opli llcbate lulu-is
lllllt't' in iiwetnbly today.

by ltIlONA RYAN

 

and because tier mind kept whisper-
ing to her. “Is it. like this in death's
other kingdom?". she made a joke to
herself. “Hello, beautiful." she said
to the girl in the mirror. “Isn't it
nice to be popular? Isn‘t it nice to
be in love with a soldier? Nothing
like going to the movies with your—
self on a Saturday night." And she
watched the other girl. but there
was no answer. mid she knew there
was no answer. so she sat down in
the chair again.

Look. she said to herself, you’d
better get used to this. Saturday
after Saturday. day after day, you’re
going to be alone. This is war, my
dear. this is war. You’re the one
who's supposed to be bright and
cheerful and write amusing letters.
and roll bandages when it gets too
much to take, You‘re not supposed
to remember that you‘re only twenty
and you haven't seen him for six
months. Lady. this is no world for
sweet and twenty. Lady, in fact.
this is one awful world. and you’d
just better get used to it.

And then she got up and walked
to her study. and sat down at her
typewriter. She took out her writing
paper. and adjusted it :arefully in
the roller. She. stopped to light a
cigarette, and looked up at his pic-
true on the wall. She would neVer
quite get used to seeing him in
uniform. and tonight, he looked far
away and remote from her. Her
fingers rested for a moment on the
keys. and then she began to type,
steadily and quickly.

“Hello. darling. Well. nothing
much happened on the home-front.
again today. Haw another good
moVie. And missed you, of course. I
saw Jim this morning. he said that
you . . . "

And then she stopped typing. and
leaned llt‘l' forehead against the cold
steel typewriter Undramaticnlly and
helplessly, she began to cry. The
whole room M'eint-(l to be listening.
waiting. She wondered Without. the
thought actually forming in lll‘l'
llllll(l If there would ever come a time
when she wouldn't be lonely any—
more.

.leII T Si-nior Ilanqm-t starts .II I. .iu
I' \l at lh'\\'tt| t‘liutoii .luiiior lian
quart begins iii if Jill .ll 'lll‘ll l'lych

.lilll. ll Music ltm-oriliiig llour in
Lounge at |'_‘ tltl iioou.

.liiu. l'J John Jacob Niles, l'oiltlori-
collector. will sing ballads iii Page
llttll :it Kiri l' ..

.lan. iii Neumaii t‘lub tum-ting

 

 

 

 

by KII‘I’Y MARS"

From the depths of my cosy little hospital cot in
Elmira. N. Y.. consisting of one layer of boards and one
of nails. I greet you. dear readers. As I lay in the all-
enveloping peace of my quiet little room next to the
nursery. my thoughts turn from the battlefront here
to the home-front there.

As a matter of fact what with all the hustle and
bustle of hospital life. even my cherished coluiim es-
caped my mind for awhile. As I lav in bed one day
watching the doctors go lJ_’ and wishing I had brought
one or two of the handsomer med students from next;
door to take mv pulse. the nurse “Old Blood and Guts."
as we affectionately call her. came in with a bottle
of castor oil in one hand mid the doctor in the other.

“Well. well." she said cheerfully. "now we‘re going to
let the doctor take the nasty old stitches out and then
you'rc going to lake our nice castor oil."

"Oh. no." I said firmlv “no nasty old doctor is going
to monkey around with my face in the condition it's in
and no nastv old nurse is going to give me no nasty
old castor oil either Look at me." I said sticking my
poor thin little leg out. "I‘m practically emaciated
from the stuff."

"Oh come, conic." says the nurse. “let's be a little
soldier."

"Soldiers." I said, jumping out of bed. “l-loly smokes.
that reminds me. I gotta get back to my soldiers!"

The nurse mid doctor took me by the strings of my
hospital gown and gently threw me back into bed. iii-
tiinating that any soldier who couldn't get along with-
out inc was in a bad state.

Hours later as I was recovering from the castor oil
and my missing stitches. 1 again thought of the column.
I thought that anyhow I can wish the fellows a happy
New Year won it they do get it a couple of weeks late.
And I can tell them that at the top of our New Year's
resolution list we all resolve to do everything we can
to keep them happy and bring them back as soon as
possible. 1944Mtliatfs our year.

IIII’I'ICK TAKES OVER

He was ltcrc before. Note lic's- hoe/r (lg/din Io give
you .soljcr ill’lt‘N by d soljcr. HLS iii lite dot/s- of had-
tliiig frulci'uilica, (ll/Ilelc lllcspidu our-Ii, former
Sophomore [Jr's-It" Edi/or, and now of flu: (billed Stu/cs
Army J. Michael Hippie/r.

But enough of this bed-side babble. and on with
the jargon dc la jour.

From the records we find that the highest ranking
officer to leave the portals of our fair college is the
Major. And there are three of 'em. Jack Ityan, who
has completed fifty missions over the European conti—
nent, was a recent visitor to Troy. Plus a chest full of
medals and campaign ribbons. Reported lost during
a raid but returned to his base to continue blitzing
Berlin. Another Major. (‘harles Franklin. is Command-
ing Officer in Florida. And ’I‘hiirston l'aul, " 5. met. Lt.
George Banderoft, ’36. somewhere in the wilds of Eng-
land. Writes that. he gets the News with some regular-
it,’ and enjoys it.

On the other side of the world, another reunion took
place between Lt. 'l‘oin Breen tl‘crl Ed. in ‘37! and Pete.
Hart. The former is studying Chinese there mid Pete's
address is India.

From here and there. Art Soderliiid is taking pics
in Italy. Rumor has it that ’l‘oin l-‘eeiiey mid Deacon
Dickson will organize an intramural baseball league
with the Arabs pretty soon. I’angbiirii finally fooled
the docs and is a pharmacists mate in the Merchant.
Marine. At Slicepshead Bay. For those who asked,
it‘s Lt. De(lioia, c’o (ieneral Delivery. Keurns Field.
VISITORS

Enjoying furloughs here recently were Louis Rabi-
iieiiu, studying Japanese at Yale; Ray Verrey, U. of
Ala. (lil Snyder. who finished basic engineering at.
the Citadel and will enjoy being a combat engineer
hereafter; Lt. l’ete Marchcta in Va.; .lini (‘liapelL who
took the big step on Dec. ll; Warren Wagner. good
news to J. W. (‘pl. Sam Iledi'osiaii, I'l'c. .Iack Kircher.
(‘pl. Bernie l’crliiiaii, I’fe. (lien Walrath, were visiting
here too. (ilen's studying crytopraphy at Viiil llill
Farms Station.

Fred Day writes from Africa that "May the girl who
writes to me be 5‘ f), brunette. and \veigh r25.” (‘apt.
Dennis Dole is adjiitant at Drew li‘ield. ’l‘ampa l'uul
liarselaii. washed oiil pilot. will be training llie Nordoii
sights on foreign places. Verne Marshall at Albany
Med. Dori'uiiee. there also. a recent recipient of a week
furlough. spent it all stuyding for exams.

Another State woman ill the Service is Frances Hush-
iiell Wheeler. ‘30. recently commissioned l‘llislgti at the
(toast (tuard Academy in New London. Conn Molly
(Iill, '44. In now a WAC sergeant.

A/(f Nit-It .Ilorsillo is now in Advanced 'l‘ruining and
flying ll—L’o's. lt'ellow pilot, A/ Itieli Young, '-l‘l, tiles
Matti—engine jobs at (ieoi'gcfield, Illinois. Vagabond
Kuiiz is at Lalo-land, It‘loridu. Heyer's in Mississippi
at pi'escnl while his fraternity brother. Leonard. “til,
expects to pay State a visit this Week—end

.Ioliiiny llavko, '40, Willi the Aiucrlcun lied Cross in
the South Pacific. rcminisced with four thle fellows
there. Names unknown.

(Jpl. llarley Dinginan. now in Georgia, and Betty
Bailey, "l3. are reported to be. engaged. Also .liui Dun-
ning iuid Eleanor Smith, “til.

 

 

acmmnmmua

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, JANUARY 1, 1944

   

PAGE 3

 

Cutting, Former Slate Student, Fund for Students Numberless Nickles Needed Now
Keeps Education For Lists Mailed To State GI

Publishes Foll< Tole Anthology

Edith E. Cutting, former student
in State College, recently finished
Lore of (m Adirondack Conn/i1, the
first volume of a series of Cornell
Studies in American History, Liter-
ature, and Folklore. The booklet
embraces the many phases of folk—
lore, including anecdotes and tall
tales. weather-lore. instructions for
playing the games of yesteryear.
proverbial sayings. ballads and
songs. and a wealth of other in-
terosting and not well-knmvn iii-
formation.

Miss Cutting is a descendant of
an old Essex County family who
came to America in the late 18th
century. The family home is now
in the Adirondacks. a literal treas-
ure chest of folklore. Due to the
versatile members of the Cutting
family. Miss Cutting has collected
titles from widely Varied industries.

Ilei' grandmother's uncle, Edward
Dean. sailed the seas for about ti?
years. a good many of which were
devoted to whaling expeditions. A
great — great - grandfather. Lewis
Bliss handed down a little of the
Quaker philosophy aml lore. l“l'0lll
more immediate and recent rela—
tives have come the favorite titles
of lumberinen and farmers.

Perhaps the chapter devoted to

Many Students Work
At Part-Time Jobs

In conjunction with the country's
attempt to utilize man-poWei' to the
fullest extent, approximately 350
State students are working part—
time in war industries. civilian busi—
messes. and private homes. The type
of work the} are doing varies from
technical war work to making con—
coctions at soda-fountains and "kid-
dying."

Salaries vary with the type of work
and the number of hours spent in
working. Some of these positions
have been gained through the efforts
of the Part-Time Employment Bu-
reau while. a majority have been
solicited by the individuals con-
cerned.

A number of requests for girls to
do housework are in the possession
of the PTEB. mid. as yet. are unfilled.
Any student desiring part-time em-
ploym ‘ll may enter his application
at Miss Malsecd’s desk in Dean
Stokes' outer office.

Communications——

To a Bitter But lVIisiiiforined
Junior:

I am writing this to set you
straight on a few facts concerning
the class of '40, its presidenth pol—
icies and the sci-culled “teri'ible'
thirteen. Before I start on the task,
however, I would like to tell you
that. before you wrote your newsy
letter to the Editor in the last issue
of the NEWS it wouldn't have becn
a. bad idea to look tip a few facts.
Maybe you thought lliut gossip
might. make a "more interesting“
letter than facts at least that was
my interpretation of your letter
just gossip.

It. is a well known fact that
where class activities are concerned
(any elassi. there is always a cer-
tain group who are always there
with their shoulder to the wheel
ask your class president, Such 2
group is the ’t‘errible til. it they
Weren't nt class meetings I could
count. those present on my left fin—
gers and ten toes. Now l'm going
to make a statement winch l chal-
lenge you to disprove with li‘AC'l‘S

the (it'()ll|) known as the Terrible
Iii huve not enjoyed any extraor—
dinary privileges in any of our class
activities. To convince yourself of
the truth of this statement, you
may examine the llllllltles of our
class meetings anytime u is con-
venient for you i could list all the
committees I have appointed since
I took otlice but that would waste
needlessly the space of this news—
paper. so i hope my invitation to
examine our minutes will suffice
You wnl tind one discrepancy in
these minutes. That is, you eiiii see
where those ill have been privileged
to always have charge of the re—
freslnnent coliitiiittee. That’s the
one on which a person breaks his
back carrying coke cases mid the
like. The same one where a per—
son stands behind a counter and

Hall.

proverbial sayings is the closest to
1944's modern generation, for many
of them deal with love and pretty
girls, the universal and eternal topic
of everyone’s interest. Parents and
friends who disapprove of the pros-
pective bride or groom are bade to
remember that

He icm'itcd. against Ilu: ironidit,‘

She married rig/ulna! llm nude

11‘ IlI(ll (loii‘l lilllh't’ a match,

'I'licrc‘s- iiollu'iiy cIs-c Illtfl ('mi.

The young girl who married a
tottering old man in self-defense.
quoted "Better an old man's darl-
ing than it young man's slave."
Then too, expressions. quaint and
significant. are explained with the
dcrlviution.

In the expression “high as Gilde-
roy‘s kite." Miss Cutting explains
that in early English legal practice.
men who comniited great crimes
were hanged from a higher gallows
than were lesser criminals. Gilderoy
was supposedly a robber who was
hanged so hiin that he looked like
a kite against the sky: hence the
comparison.

A preface. written by Dr. H. W.
’l‘hompson, a former member of
the State College faculty precedes
the work. Miss Cutting. in her iii-
ti'oduction. expresses her apprecia-
tion for the encouragement and
practical help given her by Dr.
'l‘hoinpson. The book was started
while she was a student in the folk-
lore class at State and perhaps some
of the inspiration for the book may
be attributed to Dr. Thompson who
in his stay at. State aroused the.
interest of so many people in the
lore of their own communities.

Gerg Fills BAC Vacancy

Wednesday afternoon. the Board
of Audit mid Control held an elec-
tion for a secretary to replace Nancy
Hall, ’45. who has left. school. The
members of the Board elected Lucille
(ierg. '45. to carry on Miss Hall's
duties.

The election of Miss Gerg as an
officer of the Board has left a va-
army in the membership of the
Board. and this vacancy necessitates
the election or appointment of a
new member. to be chosen from the
Junior class.

A new member will be chosen
sometime next week to replace Miss

dishes out. eats wnjoying herself)
while the rest of the people bore
themselves to death dancing and
talking to their friends. I never
appointed a retrr-slmient commit-
tee~~~l asked for volunteers. ’I‘hey
lilie 11h always came throuin when
they saw no one else was willing to
volunttei'. I think 1 have talked
enough on the iii except that. I
would be willing to match their
class spirit or school spirit. with the
spirit you usually find in a couple
hundred State College students 'llltl
['11 also say the same thing about.
the terrible iii that Winston
Churchill said when he extolled the
RAP1 for its part in sparing l‘lllg-
land the terrors of bombings—that
"Never was so much owed by so
many to so few."

Now concerning the part which
play in the activities of the class.
You. Miss Junior. say our Campus
l)u_\' skit was an exception to the
gt-lit'l'itl rule of Hoph presentations
being flops. in your next para-
graph you say i should appoint
committees from diilercui group
houses. sororitierc non-sorority, etc.
For your information the persons
in charge of that skit were of tin-
samc religious faith and sororin
i've found that through past ex-
periences. llllll committees of the
kind you lli‘ge onh argue with eucll
other and accomplish nothing what-
soever ’l‘heretoi'c. I shall continue
to appoint persons who Will do the
job regardless ol whether they are
l'si (iams. (itlllllllit Knps or what
have you. What's more I shall all-
point to committees only those
members of the class who see fit
to attend class meetings «so far
they have been the lit, residents of
Newman Hall. a few from the
other ltesideiice Halls, and a couple
of commuters. my thanks to them
ullt. If the majority of the class

[Coilliltltcrl in col. 5)

Alive in Europe

Russia Moves Schools
To Continue Studies

A i'ec.-nt bulletin received from
the World Student Scrviet Fund.
the student. war l't‘llCt agency of
the National War Fund. reported
that. students in the Soviet When
are continuing their studies despite
all that the war has brought to
their country, some of them even
returning from the front to receive
their (ligrces. The Service Fund.
through which American students
have given aid to student victims
of war in China. the USSR. Eu-
rope. North Africa. Canada and
the U. 8.. now in its seventh year
if work. reports the maintenance
of schools even under war's handi-
caps.

(‘ollegc Enrollment

Before the war. the government
spent tremendous sinus in building
and :quippnig educational institu—
tions. lit-sides the 600.000 regular
college students in Russia. more
tlltlll 7t:.).tiuti attended technical iii-
stillitt's and hundreds of thousands
worked for diplomas llll‘t)ll..il cor-
l'(‘.“])(llltlt llcc courses.

The war brought drastic changes.
with the destruction or capture of
many of the educational buildings
amt the kiss of students to the war
effort.

The Soviet government saw that
the work of the universities was of
the first importance to the war
effort. Students were allowed the
option of exemption from military
service. on the condition that they
complete the required four years
work in three or even two years.
Many took advantage of this offer.

The Russian universities. like
those of China. dict not take their
bombings supinely. Students and
staff moved to the interior with
trainloads of books and other
equipment.

The dislocation of student life
has not. affected enrollment to any
great extent. This autumn 120,000
new students enrolled in the uni-
versities. Men discharged from ac-
tive service because of wounds and
other disabilities constitute a con-
siderable number of those accepted.
Wartime (l 'aduates

According to the Chairman of
the Committee on Higher Educa—
tion. Mr. S. Kaftanov. this year So-
viet. universities mid institutes will
graduate more than 30.000 special-
ists in the fields of engineering.
medicine. agronomy and teaching.
“Despite wartime conditions." writes
Mr. Kaftanov. “the. desire of young
people to study is unusually strong.
In addition. many technical spec-
ialities. particularly aviation. con-
struction. geological prospecting
mid engineering enjoy great popu-
larity among Soviet youth. War.
rather than deferring research
work. has actually intensified it."

American college students. through
the World Student Service Fund.
have raised money in the past with
which books. woolen clothing mid
medical laboratory equipment have
been sent to Soviet students. More
funds are needed and are being
raised by the World Student Serv-
ice Fund as part of the National
War Fund Drive. Russian students
have written of their appreciation
for what their fellow students in
America have done for them.

Does anyone ever wonder where
State's Wilma the WAC and Sammy
the Sallorcan be reached by a few
scrawled lines and the lick of a
three cent. stamp? A list of ad-
dresses of approximately 450 men
now marching to martial music will
be on sale today for 5 cents per
copy in the lower hall of Draper
after assembly.

Recently. Myskanla had a “penny
drive” to raise enough copper for
mailing the lists to all the service-
men and women so that former
State stooges t?i could get in touch
with long-forgotten college friends.
Students didn’t cooperate too well
in digging down deep—«thus today's
sale of lists to the students in order
to cover the red ink on the debit
side of the ledger.

Attesting to the success of the
names and addresses. some of State's
alumni have written letters of thanks
to the Body of Nine. ’I‘/Cpl. W. J.
Zubon, ‘38. told his “dear adorable
creatures" that the "directory"
reached him in the “back bayous
where the ooze of Looziana is vita-
min rich." I-Ic appreciated the “kind
gesture because to lie inilitaire and
the addresses which go with it sho'
do change a gei'at deal. and I suspee
that I'm the typical lonely soldier
what. needs cheering from anyone
willing to do it. Many thanks from
your favorite alligator."

To Mysknnia “assorted and incor-
porated." Lt. Milton K. Adams stated

 

Student Council Urges State
To Acqurre Stomp Habit

"Resolved: I will stop at the
War Stamp Booth once a day
to purchase war stamps with
some of the money I received at
Christmas." A bit of wishful
thinking on the part of Student
Council, who is running the
stamp booth for two weeks, that
every student at State will form
the “stamp habit."

Members of Student Council
are at the booth from 9 A.M. to
3:30 PM. every day. Posters
have been made by the members
and placed throughout the halls
as a reminder to students to sac-
rifice a pack of cigarettes now
and then mid to purchase war
stamps,

 

Press Bureau Requests
Students To Register

Press Bureau has launched a cam-
palgii to bring the student Press
Bureau curds up to date conceriiiug
majors, minors. and extra-curricular
activities.

Students whose last names begin
with A-L are asked to stop in the
Press Bureau office during the week
of January 10—14. mid those whose
last names begin with M-Z. during
the following week. January 17-21 to
supply the necessary information.

In addition. each senior is request-
ed to hand in his picture. enclosed
ill a small envelope. with name and
class written botli on the back of
the picture and on the envelope.

The Press Bureau Office will be
open from 9 AM. to 3:30 P.M. every
day during the two weeks specified,
with someone present to offer niiy
assistance needed by the students
in filling out. the cards.

 

Emil J. Nagengast
Your College Florist

Cor. Ontario oi Benson Si.

 

I’Iione 3-1514

l
, l

 

RIOE ALLEYS

Western .(v Quail
the a game for school leagues
from 0 AM. to it PM.

 

ll

OIISTAVE LOIIEY
STUDIOS

l
91 State Street l

 

that the “whatsis popped up at
Roswell Field, New Mexico. after
kicking around various A.P.O.’s and
resting in the pocket; of one Milton
K. Adam for three days.”

Pvt. Mlix Braun. '45, also expressed
his appreciation for all the ad-
dresses. “Belng a mountaineer by
choice (the Army’si, I have spent:
much time wondering where many
of the Statesman are. I had lost;
contact with many of them when
they shipped and was most excited
when I saw their new addresses. It
was quite a morale lifter!”

One of our WACS at Daytona
Beach, Florida. Sgt. Molly Gill, men-
tioned that the list of addresses of
State 6.1. made her feel "nostalgic."
but that she wouldn't be anywhere
else but in the WAC while the war
is on."

There we have them—Private, Cor-
poral. Sergeant. and Lieutenant——
from the bayou to the bomber, giv—
ing the address list a strictly 4-0
rating. tNavy jargon for 100 per
nent,! The State men and women
payliig their nickels today will reap
a two-fold harvest: first. a list of
p'aetically all former State students
now in the red. white. and blue;
second. a feeling that the nickel has
helped immeasurably in more than
one might think mailing out these
addresses in uniting State on the
Home Front with State on the War
Front.

Exhibit of Chinese Art
Opens At Institute

To stimulate the interests of the
American people in the customs and
culture of one of our Allies, China,
the Albany Institute of History and
Art worked jointly with the United
China Relief Committee of Eastern
New York State in the presentation
of an exhibition of Chinese art.

The exhibition which consists of
paintings. fabrics and sculpture from
the first millenium, great poly-
cinemas, and delicate prints was
presented to the general public Wed—
nesday night in the Albany Institute
of History and Art.

A painting of Fit Wah, judge of
the Buddah retinue, is considered
the most magnificent and imposing
part of the exhibit. The public’s
appreciation of the clear and strong
beauty of Chinese art is the desired
gﬁﬁl of the exhibitors. The exhibit
is open to the public free.

(‘Oli'IMUNICA’I‘IONS—
IC'oiiIiiiiicd from col. ll

do not show any interest in class

activities. then the ininorlty shall

rule—which act seems right in my

eyes.

I hope I have proved that you
had your wires crossed. If not. I‘ll
be glad to discuss it with you at
any time.

Iioli Sullivan.

 

6000 FOOD

In a Friendly,
Comfortable

Atmosphere

“lows

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

