 

I JANET K. BAXTER ..

 

.. “5-22..” m . _._ ...

{E‘s-mime]. _ .. —1M&r‘<r x... .« ﬁ‘ﬂ."’A'-§Ju-A§u-

 

rnm,ar%

Emhlbhcd May 1916
By Ihc Clan of 1918

No. 23

Member Distributor
ASHOCIIIIOII Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The lllllIOl‘gl'iltIlIlIte newspaper of the New York State
College for ’lYeacllers; published every Friday of the Col-
Icge year by the NEWS Board for the Student Associa-
tion. Phones: Office, 5-9373; Baxter, 2-5545; Sl‘cngel, 8-2804;
I'ickert, 2-2752.

Vol XXVII March 31, 1944

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING 3'
National Advertising Serwce, Inc.
College Publishers Representative

420 MADISON A'IE. NEW YORK. N. Y.
calcium ' nosvou ' L03 Mauls ' 51in FnANclsco

The News Board

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF

MARY B. STENGEL - - CO-EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
JANE PICKERT - - BUSINESS MANAGER
LILLIAN GROSS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
BERTRAM KILEY - - SPORTS EDITOR

ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

SUN‘NA COOPER .
EDNA MARSH -
DOROTHY MEYERS -

hllmlllb 2

ISSUE EDITOR
SUNNA COOPER

It Takes Two——

Where human beings are concerned, it is
not always possible to rise to a situation. The
present situation at State, a college in war-
time, is certainly a condition not too unlike
that of every other existing phase of life
today.

 

However, there are at: least two dominant 

sides to life here—curricula' and social. The
social angle can easily be dismissed by citing
War Activities Council alld the “Ilig Ten,"
both created to meet the war-time and social
needs of the day, and both successful.

But there still remains that othcr 'astly
important phase of college which cannot be
dismissed so readily. The phase that mon-
opolizcs most of olle’s time—the curriculum.
The subjects which the various profs head.
('lasscs III which thcsc professors cannot help
but observe the abscllccs of studcnts aild
lack of interest prevailing.

'l‘his apathy is no Iollger a story of the age-
old maxim oi" illind—ovcr—mattcr business. The
solution delves much further—it goes into
the archives of cooperation aiid understand-
ing. Iil everyday slang—it takes twu to
makc a bargain; the students and the ill-
structors.

lild it) teaches that motivation is all essen—
tial of teaching, that the teacher must be an
inspiration to the student. There are profs
at State who, it would seem, forget this ill
taking attendance.

Sometimes a teacher has to go a little be—
yolld the usual bounds to stimulate a group of
students, according to psychology. Shouldn’t
this theory hold true ill college as Well as ill
high school?

()r is it only students who should rise to a
situation?

Cry \X/olt

So this placid lifc of ours progrcssivcly
spccds by while armics all ovcr the world
clash ill thc fight by night alld day for dci‘no—
c ‘acy. Against. thc battle front of high—
powcrcd rcality. Slatc (‘ollcgc is nothing
short. of dimillutivc. No matter how basc \vc
sclplcstcrcd oncs think war———ol.ir rcgal‘d is
still lligll, far too high.

lint ollc thing we accredit ourselves with ill
this day alld :lgc is oilr ardcnt strifc for
dclllocracy within the (‘ollcgc. Sluilcllt
govcrlinlcllt this, studcnt govcrnlncnl that.
and ,iabbcr. ,iabbcr, ,iabbcr. "Illil that's not
(lclllocracy," wc whillc . . . And all the whilc
wc havc ollr hands on a trcasurc and don't
own rcalizc ill 'l‘hat is, if ollc collsidcrs
dcllloci'acy a _icwc|.

Two of lllc Icadlilg organizations llcrc,
Music t‘oluicil alul Iicbatc l‘ollllcil (i) if: A has
alrcady iucrcascd tiic lnmlbcr of rcprcscllta—
tiycs) llillll tllcii' lnclllbcl'sllip to approxi—
matcly l'. of lllc stlidcllt body. All of us
an- awarc of this fact all. gocs against our
llmnorl'utic idcals. \l’c storm. wc ragc, We
spilttci'. Wc cry wolf, and, living up to our
reputation, rcl'llsc to abandon olir miasmal
state of mind for a course of action.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1944 

To The Editor:

Rules were made to be broken.
From all appearances, it would
seem so. Last Fall, Campus Com-
mission published a list of rules,
among which was one concerning
the student maildboxes. It was
something to the effect that all
notes placed in the student mail
should be 3 x 5 and dated.

A member of Campus Commis-
sion was appointed to see that the
rules were heeded, keeping the mail-
boxes clear of the little wads of
paper thrust in and called notes, and
those with a date of two weeks
standing.

Rushing to and from classes, one
is lost in the mass of little pieces
of paper as she decides to see If
one of them bears her name. Papers
flutter to the floor on her right and
left, and as the bell rings she rushes
off, leaving them. True, the mail-
boxes look neatcr, but two days
later some unfortunate student dis-
covers she has failed to keep a
conference with her faculty adviser
because she received no note in the
student mail.

If the person in charge of the
mail-boxes would condescch to
clean them up once in a while, the
notes, when and if they ever reach
their destination, will give the re-
cipient an idea at least of when the
note was written, and they may be
more than an illegible scrawi on n
gum-wrapper. ’i‘ruc, rules are made
to be broken, bllt it‘s high time the
person iil charge accepts a little
l'cspoilsibllity and sees to it that they
(llrcn'l.

Just a Student.

who!

STATE COLLEGE NEWS Communications——

To The Editor:

Time: Approximately 12 :30.

Place: Annex.

Action: Down through the valley
of the Annex stairs clammer the
Milne kids. leaving in their wake
several bewildered State students
who are desperately trying to get
to their 12:35 classes. An armload
of books ls enough to struggle with
from the Annex to Huested, but
with the Milnitcs elbowing down the
stairs, nobody has a chance.

Then there are the rest of us an-
fortunate creaturcs who have been
dancing madly In the Commons
from 12 to 12:30. After jitterbug-
ging to “Blzct Has His Day," and
the like, we amble to the Annex to
quietly sink on a bench and relax.
What then? Milne comes: Wildly
throwing milk bottles and sandwich
wrappers around, they about with
the loudest. shouticst shouts that
one could imagine. Sometimes they
even howl by rollillg the bottles
gently with their feet. Of course.
broken glass is very nice to step on;
it has a soft, crunchy feeling . . .

By the tll‘lL‘ one gets over to
Milne for practice teaching. he is
not physically fit to conduct a
class. Could you explain an intri-
cate geometry problem in a calm
and slinc manner while feeling bits
of glass in the toe of your pump?

When will Millie be "trafficed" to
prevent black cycs, bruises, and
bui‘nps.

Mauled Millie
Bruised Bertha
Scarred Sallie

 

by ItllthA ILYAN

Wc'l'c fcclillg frivolous this \vcck-
which, (‘Icspilc all rumors, is lllc lull-
urnl slatc of lllc iibovc-piclllrcd
i'cmmc fatalc alid also nostalgic.
Spring Is nculncll ill. alid liicniol'ics
with it.

Also, wc noticed iii a good many
sorvlccmcll's lctlci's that lhc PC.
was mentioned in a good many para-
graphs. as a kind of symbol of the
college days left behind. Aild who
could be lnore of an authority on the
sanctum sanctorilm of Stale activity
fiends than La Belle Dame Sans
Anytlilng~Rylin?

For those of you who haven‘t bccll
buck. the room is now done Ill l1
restful pale green. and ostensibly.
only those who work on News should
hang arolind. bill. Illlll‘s just one of
iliosc things. it's also minus iIiI
railings now. those shaky affairs
which llscd to bc dccorulcd with all
lniinilcl' of coats and scili'fs ulid
postcl'lors of Stutc sludcnls. ’i‘Ilcl'c
ilrc some chastcly slmpic lockcrs. lll
which to deposit lllc olllcr-gui‘lncnts.
Postcl‘loi's arc (lcposllcd on cllilirs.
which Is lcss illfol'lllal. blli lllorc
comfortable. Chastc Is dcfiniicly lhc
Word for lllc P.(). lllis year, what
with all lllc wlillllicn and only a fcw
rilggcd lllcn to put llml. trivially arm
around onc's rolllldcd sllolildcl's,
"li‘cllrlcss il‘rcd" li‘ullchcr, llcrtrlllll,
my collcllgllc ulld fiilci' of lllc "(int
illn." alld linl'l'y Wurlz urc gcllcr-
ally to bc sccil slll'l'ollildcd by udmliu
llltl, fcmnlcs. Ilut lhcl'c arc no more
of IIIl' l‘llllllills' collplcs Ilkc 'l‘ililicsts
ulld Hlilllilolis. iIll'scll lllld Kylc.
Iiillgmnll and lluilcy no lllorc oscli~
Iiilioll ill dilll corllcl's. ()h woc' 'I’hc
dcai' (lciid (lays . . drool,

()Ii, ill\ I‘ll, how \‘llll llll\'I‘ I'llilill'p
cll! A :Lcliilc :lll' ol .‘il'lllillll'hlllll lllis
conic ilpon you liltill'llil oi lllc good
old ll‘cllay Il'.» i'\l'li l'Illlilli'l'tl llllll

a Namclcss Onc walkcd ili tl'lc olhcr
day, alld no oilc Iookcd slal'llcd
or guilty. ()h Iawdyl ’l‘cmpol'a. o
lilorcs.

Oncc ill a while a flickering of
tile old spirit colllcs for a bl'icf mo—
lncnt. A collplc of \Vccks ago lhcl'c
was a roaring discussion going on.
Myskania, post-war plans of Slillc.
and other rclalcd subjccls. Kilcy's
voice rciichcd lhc salnc high pilcll
Dorrlincc’s llscd to in Iikc arguments.
Your columnist. smiling bcnignly
ovcr llcl' typewritcr. fcll almost at
homc again. But it was only a flush
» rgcnel'ally pcoplc sit about studying
lycs, old P.O. Ilal‘lgel's—on. pcoplc
sllldl/ now at the some desks yoll
llscd only for scutsi. liiikillg quietly
and silllcly about school and prac—
ticc teaching, and lhcl'c is a dis-
hcnrtcniilg air of rcspcctabilily
llbollt llll pl'occcdiiigs.

()h, for Ii ’l‘ocp lo Iccr from lllc
l‘i'll office. which is now sadly dc-
scrtcd ill tlic Colilmoils; a Woodcll
to drop the illot jllslc iilIo ll coil—
vcl'sation; II Murray to crllpl iilto ll
frciizy over a typographical crror;
il Slilvill to dciivcr comlnulldlllcllts
as if he \Vl'l'i' Moses down from
Siallai; ll li‘cigcllbuum or (:crbcr lo
rulllblc sonic cllrtlily ollscrvulion
from a corllcr; u Ilolslciil lo sllillc
lilliclly Illlllll lllc llludllcss. liclllclll—
bcl' Millcr l\\'cl'licri ilcvllsilllilly, lllc
fclllulcs'.’ And l’ii'iggs lllc llllllcs'.'
l\'lill‘/. singing (‘Iloilllull songs?
Sludcbukcl' flirting loudly with
()kic‘.’ (lrllllall and Smith, aiid
lilil'ilt‘lllll' lil his crcw lilll'.‘ Mc-
illlllks that ill lilldlliglll, wlicli all
is dark ulld iplicl. many a pcllslvc
slludc lllilsl glilllcl' llcl'c lo i'clivc
lllc old. guy. iilllll, bud lilllcs ill
ghostly origin-n tlll ill-:ll'. if IIIl‘I'l'
could plst ln- om lliiii‘l' ol‘gy'

.‘Ilrlla ill! will I: \ III Il/I i.- iI’llII/llll,’

The Weekly Bulletin—

\I..l-ii I] would oid II«| pi. wilh:
Imll oi Ilo I.: In li' IIIII Nilllli ||| opil
Ii‘l ‘Io ’\il|.i-|ii lo In Ioiil in Ilo
I':i.'- ll ill lllll ‘oiliiio w ill I' \I \nl
llil I'll II\ >lii‘lilll ’I\ mini. Ila:
liliir l.:|.il. ilii moi lo,
II‘III .IIlIIIl-»lIiII  i-llz»

\|Illl I IlIlIl' sol-ollli Ilop wilh
-iii In »ll.i Iii L'\ili_ \ic iIIIIIl lot: I“ lhc
‘iilllllllili .iliil li-.~.llllc in Ho liiillllL‘i‘
M “II lorloli il.iio'c from '.I I' \I lo I
,\ \I 'I'l-‘lo-l-v hi i’i ill - ricrl i|I on H nil
llIlIlI'lI II‘I'I‘

\Iiiil Ilil \gl.| III I-il.l i i-llilllil
I‘ll ‘~liiiii, \I' lIo-ll

\I'Ill l‘~ .“l \ Ililil >|l iil i'll .lilill
lll Iiiilii,i l. . ill Ili\ .I‘ll'lillf
|III|l4| ii III Iii iii il|I|

\pill " \II.‘IiI Iiniii», llliicc
\Itllli pi. illlill Il\ II:illi.l|ii»i .IIIII
\li loop-i: Iii |'.ii:i IIIII lIlIllllIiI'IliIli
.ll ~ ill I'\| \Illlil‘s-ilwll li\ -~II|IIi‘lIl
I.I\ lillyl‘li Ill-i l\Ill also . sl Io Iii-i:

lllll -l.l|:. I'm unis

/"f¢°“

m

qr

by KII’PY MAR. II

 

 

SIIOO, SI-IOO

Now you see 'em and now you don't . . . Iir. Williams
G. (Hard-tack) Hardy is picking up the pieces and
it's off to the seven seas . . . It looks from the press
box as if Dr. Jones' prophecy that be. Dr. Hardy and
Dr. Childers would be playing a State College horn-
pipe trio this summer at Sampson might come true . . .
At this rate one might be forced to take oral English
from Alex, the Annex kat . . . Speaking of Sampson,
Art Russell is really beating his brains out. up there
. . . A furlough in the offing but will probably come
during our vacation he complains . . . .

FROM THE AS’I‘P BOYS

The ASTP received its walking papers but definitely
when the little college commandos transfer their
blisters from one end to the other in tile infantry . . .
Ilal Goldstcin. bequeathed Texas A A: M back to its
original owners and left for parts unknown . . . I'vt.
.l. Michacl IIippick shipped ollt for Fort Bragg
Said hc had seen .Ioe Higgins down there :11ch Ilad a
long talk . . . As a matter of fact, lIll‘ two i'cilows
swilchcd places since Joc had bccll transferred to lllc
Medical Dclachmcnt lhcl'c from Ft. Bragg . . . Another
of lllc Hikcl's for Uncle Sam Club is I’vt. Irving Finger,
‘46. at Camp Marcy, Tcxas, who says with prospccls
of rcvcillc at. 6 ill sight he is way sad . . .

From (‘p|. Sam I). Bcdrosian lllc llcws that. hc has
bccll sclli froln Camp Crowder to City College ill Ncw
York . . . 'l‘o M.I). Lt. Lcstcr W. Rubin somcthillg new
has bccll addcd . . . a I)(‘ll(‘l' job lll‘ says at. Port Sur-
gcoll's Office in Brooklyn al Illc N. Y. Port of Em-
bill‘klllllill . . . Lt. Nicholas Mal-sillo. ‘42, Is at the
chlacclilcnt Dcpol ill Columbia. South Carolina. . .

(‘Olll'MIIIA (‘lI'l‘llCh‘

Wlliic kicking our Ilccis on a park bcllcil during olir
trip in Ncw York iIovcly Iimc, thank youi wc discovcr—
cd that lllc loud wllisllcs wc llcai'd wl-rc cliialulling
froln Art ()Iivct and Pete Vinings, "If’il‘l's . . . Arl said
he was at C(illlllllllll with lllc rcsl of lllc clllc midship-
lilcn and Pclc had colllc up to visit his country ('olislll
from his own pcrcll at Asblll'y Park . . . Ncilhcr oiic
could slop long as lhcy wcl'c pursuing a gol'gcous
pcl'oxidc . . . .

From Lt. Andrew alid .lallc ilcalh ’I‘akas lllc llcws
that .lallc is spcllding hcr limc as a sccrclary lo a Lt,
Col. . . . ’[‘Iicy botli sloppcd off clll'olllc Io ’i‘cxas ill
Mcmpllis and visilcd lhc (illl'flUll Hastings Io rcm-
illiscc about lllc good old days . . . ’l‘o Iloli (Irccll liils
bccll addcd lllc rank of Li. ligi . . . Around school wc
scc Doug Ilillcllbcck. Louis Itabillcau. ('lll'i' I'allgbllrii,
looking chr lllc ,icrnl

lN'I‘I'IItH()lt()ltl'I‘Y SICIH'H‘IC II()I'

To all nlcmbcl's of lhc "F" clilb. official alld othcr—
wisc. and to all olllcr I'cnlalcs. llllcrsol'ol'ity Council
xtcnds a cordial invitation to conic and cntcrlain,
lhcmsclvcs lilch tile boys at a chicc Hop . . . A chance
to pill on your gayest gown, your brighlcsl lipstick and
lo usc your number ollc lll'lf’ all for lllc small silln of
84 cclils . . . Can‘t buy :1 man for that al a sccolld—hand
stol'c.

All soldier licws phll to you. Kiicy.

L’a/u‘ Gatcall_

i wollld Ilavc words with lllat illlclligclli fclillc of
which lhcl‘c :il'I' ilollc l'clllly yoll kilow yoli and
llial characlcr kiicy should bc taught a l'cw lill‘l‘lll‘y
facts this slylc of writing alld cxprcssioll as fl is
callcd luns origilliltcd by a cockroach llamcd al'clly who
has ll cal fl‘icnd who is known by lllc cognolllcll iioi
ilpplicilbic to Ilis in this curc lll‘l' pcl'son i.c. lllchilabcl
doll murullis cc clmmlings gcrlic stciil and u fcw olllci‘
lloiidcscript lion iilfcllcclllals writc Iikc i do i sllggcsl
that you colllc ollt of that iclharglc Iilcral'y l'caciioll—
ary coilm yoll arc indulging ill ill olhcr words gcl oil
lhc culnlp illllll' pscudo sagc slandcrcrs anyway you
noilccd Ililll lhul clcvcr cloulllcwsy whosc ilallic bcgiils
with marsh Ilild to rcsol'l lo lllc ulcx way for inspira—
lion by lllc way i wool to add lily variation on colllllln
llcilds i dccidcd on cIIila's cll'itl' slillllolls stagnation
and oh happy days \‘lclscclivc scc what i Illcnn to
imply Illlllll i do llol wanl to bc all illforlilcl' blll i do
lllllli: i should wnl'll l‘ighlcolls i'llolia that lllc llcxt
lllllc sllc ll‘IlI lllukc dclllls list It sllc is llol lllorc curl-fill
i do ilol llliI‘ lo llllikc Illcsc ilccusaliolls bill I lllillk
ii is ill_\ dllly lo sll'lllizhlcll Ilcl' olll lo snyc lllc I‘l‘l'lii'll
bclorl- l lorch i ila\c u lllcssngc lo kllcy from my
ll'll'litl llillll'i’.ll' douls i do not know \lhnl llc Illl'illiti
.ll\."» lll'll' hill i \iill l‘clulc llll' Illcaadltc Ill Illiii' \\llll" Ill
lllc lllll'Il lo :llli\\ :uilliillh likc a mutual lllili‘lh .lll
:ll‘li~.lli'. lliucusc llll'l'l‘ 1.. Iiilt‘ lllill'c iilcasapc Iiclolc i
i'lilllll mi lilll'll'llll room which is III a mill: llllllll'
lll.llkcd ipmil which i: :l pllll \\lili'll l3. cllocoluic llilll‘l
;ill\\\o\ lil-l Ilkc lllc \cul loaf ~.\\:.':. I is. lo l| .ilnl
.‘.l\‘i lllllll' loo 1 :llll \yorl‘icd :lboul lwo things \\ill i.ip
l.l||l pnlcl'~.oli wl'llc :ualill or has wl'allllnl i'\.iii :.lllll‘ll
iIllIl lol l'\‘cl‘ .uld kilcy will :iIl(I\\’ whlli- lunl plucc i
will lc.i\c yoli willl lllcsc pcl'pic\llip prolilclll. pun. lhc
-.]iil’ll:v oi culllip cusicr lliln is ill\ Iasl ‘illlllll l alll
colnilll: lllclliluhcl

alcv
lllc
ailllcx
Illltic

.‘I

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1?“

PAGE :

 

'Oul Goes Blood, In Comes V...-,- "Stage Door" ls
Classes lo Boosl Plasma Funds

Juniors and Seniors sat in the

hospital,

Giving their blood by iii—ants,

Along came (I Nipponesc

Who thought G.I.’s were killed

wilh case,

But the plasma gave lhcm

slrcnglh of the li-un:.

We don't want your time . . . we
don't want your money . . . we just
want your BLOOD. The Three
Furies are not chanting this 'neath
a yellow moon around a stewing
cauldron, but War Activities Coun-
cil is backing a Blood Bank Day
on April 27 for the Seniors and
Juniors. Before this date, the mem-
bers of both classes may register
at the Stamp Booth to boost the
plasma quarts high.

'l‘ype O . . . type X . . it doesn't
matter. All the halo and hearty
“yellows” and “reds” with ten quarts
of blood and a reasonable sprinkling
of corpusldcs should be willing vic-
tims lo a tiny prick of a needle
nild the soothing smile of a nurse
or lnterllc. 'l‘lle (:.I.‘s givc with the
bullets Slate students give with
the blood.

Ilropping ll pclilly ili :l box mark-
cd with a Itcd (Tross buying ll
lickc‘. to cvcl'y Ilig ’l‘cll perform-

HiIIeI Sponsors
Salvage Drive

'l‘lic l-lillcl Socicly of Slalc Collcgc
has lllc wuslcpapcl' drivc, which is
ccnlci'cd ill lllc various group Iloiiscs.
chI lllldcl'way.

’I‘lic papcl‘ sulvagcd is to bc llscd
to rc-lnanill'aclurc wrappillgs and
boxes for Tlilililili (lii'l'cl'cnl kinds of
itcms bcillg shippcd al pl'cscnl to
own ovcrscas. All cvcn nrculcr pulp-
wood shorlagc is illliicipillcd this
your than last,

iiilllphasiziilg lllc cxlcnl to which
wrapping is llscd. lhc govcrnmcnl
slalcs lhal approximalcly a lliillloli
tons of papcr go cach ycar illto
lllakiile lllc contaillcrs. wl'appillgs.
aild bugs for covcring goods,
(‘ampaign (‘ouillry-Willc

'I‘Iic saving of waslc pilpci' is bcillg
cxlclldcd oil a widc-sprcad scalc
throughout lllc country. various
llcwspapcrs alid radio programs lin—
clllding "Tllt‘ Alllcricall Forum of lllc
Ail"'i promoting this Drive. Chair—
man of lllc Drlrc at State is Sunna
(klopcl‘. "-15.

I‘illt'll dorm. sorority housc, alld
('li(i|ii‘l‘illl\'(‘ Iias il rcpi‘cscntativc lo
slillllllalc activity lhcl'c. Sonic group
Ilollscs Illlvc bccll salvaging waslc
papcl' for somc limc. "l‘l’lis Drivc
is mainly to promote inlcrcst whci‘c
lhcl'c has bccn iiltlc or none shown
to dalc.
llircctions li‘or (‘ollcction

'i‘Ilc pilpcl‘ is to bc collcclcd in
flat pilcs Illcwspapcrs foldcd aild
cardboard boxcs brokcn llpi. and to
bc bolllld by a piccc of cord or rope.
As soon as a sllfficicnl quantity of
pupcr has bccll collcclcd, lllc indi—
vidual group Ilollsc l'cprcscntiltivc
is to lclcphonc lo lhc City War
(‘oulicil at (.‘ily lIaII, ulld somcollc
will Ill‘ sclli lo pick up lhc salvagcd
papl'i'.

'I‘hc pupcr is collcclcd once a wcck.
Saturday bcillg lllc (Iti_\' scl :lsidc for
lllc task.

State Debates Wednesday
At Syracuse University

Hyl'acllsc I‘ilivcrsily will Ilc lllc
slclii- \\'cllliisd:ly of lllc first ()lilA
ill‘rlim'li Stillc ('ollcgc ilclnllc this
ycal‘

llilu lhlly. Hclllol' lllcllllicl' of lic—
Illlll' I'lllilllll nod l.|i('llll‘ Hilll.
.Illllliil \':il-.lly Squall lilcllllicl'. \\'ll|
icpll lll Hilltc ill .l llclmlc \\‘illl lllc
l'lil\.il ~ll\ 'I'Ilc Ill'ilt oi lllc lII‘IlllIl'
\\|ll Iic "Iii-solicit 'l'li:ll I"i‘lll'l'.'ll .‘\III
.‘iIliilIlll in- ;-,l'.ill|lil lo li|(l\'|<ll‘ l'lIlI-‘tl
l'lllllilllllll for :lil" {\lim lhlly IllllI
{\II‘v. Hilll \\Ill uphold lllc llciziiluc
.‘leII’ III llll' Iplcdliill

l)cli.i|c ('llllln’il \\l|l i:l\l' llr. llll'illill
|ll|l'\\l'll Io Dr William Iiui'lli. Ili~
sirncioi' lil Ii‘liplih. and llll\i:il‘l' lo
Iii-baic l‘olllicil Ill .1 bulilplcl Illle
\\Ill lil‘ hcld llt'.\l Monday night ii
is known [but lllc Iinlnplcl will lli'
glicll Hillill‘ pincc llii\\|illi\\li. lull
lllc l-\:icl localioll has llol ycl bccll
(lccillcli lipoll All lllciiibci's oi lllc
llcbaic (‘oliiicll cxpcci lo lii‘ pl‘cscnl
III this lllllc.

 

ance—isn’t enough. Everyone has
been steeped up to the ears in stories
of Tarawa and Corrigedor, but the
“little crosses row on row" might
not have been there if more blood
had been available.

As an example for the Juniors
and Seniors, their two sister classes
have already troopcd over to Albany
Law School, offering willing arms
to the medics. If they can do It??
~-who are the uppercinssmcn to
shirk!

Aproximntely 80 students signed
up for State College Day last seni-
estcr. With '43 and '44 vying for
highest registration, April 27 will
be a landslide day at Albany Med.
Who knows, maybe seine of them
will find a strain of blue blood in
their veins.

Georgia I~iardesty Bomburd, ‘iiii.
co-chllirnlan with Leah 'l‘isciiler,
'45. reminds the Juniors and Seniors
that “an IIUIII‘ of your time may
mean u lifclimc to a soldier."

Said (1 li'rosll (o rt Sop/l lil‘I’l' u

(l'olllmolis Colrc,

“I {llil'l‘ my blood, (lid you!”

“You lull" cricd III!‘ Hopll, In

it scorllllll ('roulr,

“Will IIII' .Illlllol‘s llll(I Nclllors

loo!”

Scholarships Set-Up
By Big Ten Interest

’l‘llc illlcrcsl on lllc bolld bought
with lllc lllollcy oblalllcd from lhc
“llig ’i'cn" program will be llscd lo
cslnblisll a scholarship for formcl‘
Slalc (‘ollcgc slildclils who ill‘l' vcl—
cralls of Ibis war or lhcir ('llll(ll’(‘ll.
This was lhc clloicc of lllc sludcnts
who volcd ill Assclnbly Iasl I“l‘l(lll)‘
on lllc dispci'sal of lllc Ilig ’I‘cn
i'llilds.

Sllldcllls wcrc coni'rolllcd wilh
iolll' :lllcrnalivcs. Ilic (llllt‘l‘ lIli'cc
lllil clloscil wcl'c. to list“ llic principal
for scholarship pul‘poscs: lo furnish
all actiyilics I'iililll :lflcl' lllc war with
lllc llloiicy oblaillcd. I‘I‘ not ilsc lhc
mollcy for any purposc.

'I‘lic 3:13.300 bolld which will be
bought with lllc $1780 goal of lllc
Big ’i‘cii pl'ogralll will cliablc Slalc
lo pnrchasc an ambulance which
will bcal‘ lllc iialllc of lllc Collcgc.

'l‘hc distribution was as follows:

Isl 2nd lil'(l
I’l‘lll. for Scholarship 1130 1:32
illi. for Scholarship 2'78 27!) 367

Activity Room . 1341 2-I3 2(58
Nollc ii
Blanks -i 7 16

($51 tibl 651

Tickets and IOkens
Elects Spring Officers

"'i‘ickcls and ’I‘okcns" Ilas bccii
volcd lllc official mom for Colli-
mulcl's Club for lllc following sclli—
cslcl‘. At a l'ccclil lliccliiig. officci's
for lllc sccolld sclllcslcl' wcl'c clcctcd.
i.ylm (lily. ‘~i.'i. was clloscll Pl'csidcill:
Pal Sllcchall. 'Aill. Vicc—l’l'csidcnt;
Illilh Donovan. “lb, Sccl'clary; and
Mary llalllllmn. *lli. 'I‘l'cilsllrcl'.

This organization Ilcld a party ill
lllc Collllilons Iasl Silllll'dlly night
ill which lll("l fl‘olll Hicllllll Collcgc
and Albany Mcdical ("oilcgc wcl'c
prcsclll. 'I‘Ilc rclidilloll of lwo songs
by Sllc Yagcl'. 'illi. nccolllpailicd by
'I‘crcsc .lollcs. VIII, pl'ovldcd lllc clllcl'—
lilllllllt‘ill. I‘lallii'l' Albi'ighl, 'illi, was
lVllslI'I'ss lit (‘ci'l'lllilllii's. illid I’I'M
I“l‘l'llllll. '-Ili. :.cl'\‘cd as (il‘lll'l‘lll
(Thall'lliuli.

 

Dr. Jones Waxes Eloquenl
On "American Culture"

Dr Louis Ii), .Iollcs. Asslslulll
l’i'olcssol' ol I‘ililllihll Ill Slalc. will
.pcak lll lhc Assclllbly Ill Hlalc
l'i‘ucllcl's (‘ollcl'c til I"|'l‘tllilllll
liltl.‘l_\' Illli topic. "Iloolw oi lllc
.\'cw :\illi':‘ll':lll l‘llllill'c," \\|lI no
.Ioubl mic In .Iolic:. u \\llll'
“mulch lillll'l' lo lllcllldc lilalll oi
llil- luvol'llc lalcs llllll :llicciloic:
-oliccl'illlii'. .‘\Illl‘i'll'llll I"olk»lolc

Hlulc sliidcnis who know Illill.
lcilli/ic Ililll iii lll‘ .Ililll‘Tw, lolk -loic
is lIll' l'cul iolllidailoli lor a collll~
iry  own cllllurc

llr .ioncs' wit and humor was
l‘li_|(i_\‘l'(l by :illldcllls al Hlalc (‘ol~
lcgc I’oi' 'i‘cilcllcl‘a Ill Ncw l’ullz
Illsl wcck whcli hc spokc lhcl'c

 

 

 

 

AD Grand Finale

The thespianic achievements of
Advanced Dramatics group will be
climaxed by the filial production
which is scheduled to appear in the
Page Hall auditorium during the
week followliig spring vacation.

Miss Agnes Futterer, Assist-
ant Professor of English. and di-
rector of the Advanced and Elemen-
tary classes has chosen "Stage
Door" as the final play.

Leads Named

'I‘be leads are played by Lucille
Kenny, '45, in the part of the lovely
and talented bllt unemployed
actress, 'i‘erry Randall; Bert Kiley,
'44, as David Kingsley. a Holly-
wood prodllccr, who evinces an in-
terest in 'l‘crry’s career; George
Poulis, ‘47, as Keith Burgess, starv-
ing young playwright who sells him-
self to Hollywood; ’i‘cddy Fine. '45,
clcvcr actress. Judith Canficld. The
supporting cast includes: Juniors,
Iillainc l)rooz, Mrs. ()rciilt, landlady
of actrcsscs‘ Ilomc; Put Mulcaliy.
Linda Silnw; Barbara Putnam, Kay
Hamilton; Martini .loycc, Mrs.
Shaw; Il'cllc Hcck, ()lgii; .loc Simon,
Maitic; l’cg Slotc. Mary Harper;
Martha Sprcngcr. Mary McClure.
Also Clairc Schwartz. '44, as Iicr—
liicc h’lcmcycl'; llol'othy Walk, '45,
Madclailic Vainlain; I‘lllt‘t‘ll Moody,
Kilt, Allll Irilddock; .lallct HZIXLL‘I‘.
'Ii-i. i’at licrrillc: Mary I). Aldcn. '45,
.lcall Mailland; .\|‘iI‘ll(‘ l’olsky, '-lli,
ilurbnra Mcll'osc; (lracc Schultz.
~15. I.(il‘l'l'lll‘ Mill'hcll; Mai‘gc Ci'ol‘lili.
VIII. Kendall Adams; .lilillcs (‘l'lliilli-ll,
'«Ili. Haul Hastings; ’iilI Mallcry, '47,
l.oll MllIIiauwc; (‘Iydc (.‘ook, '~i'i'.
Ill'. ll:lllll:lll; I"l‘t'(I Shocnlakcl'. '-i‘i.
fairly \‘i'cslcoti; Hob l.oucks, Adolf
(ll'l‘ilil'l.

liilsl ycar's final production,
“lanlics Ill ltclirclilcill.” was un—
I'l\'.‘iIt‘lI ill slagc pi'cscilfatiolls up
to that time. Il(l\\'cvcl'. “Hillgc Door”
is cxpcclcd to attain lllc salllc ac-
clllnlalioll with its superb casting.

Dean’s List

il'oillulloll lronl I‘m/c I/

(‘lass ol' Ill-iii: Marianilc K. Adallls.
Mary Assinl. (‘alllcl'illc Billt'l‘iiltllill.
.lancl lll‘llmlil. Jcanncltc Iluyck.
Patricia Clli’islopllcl'. Coilstlincc (‘ol-
l)lli'll. Siminl Cooper. H. Jcanllcllc
Cosgravc. Elizabclll Colll'cll, Babcllc
Davis. Mariali E. Davis. Mai'iallllc
It. Davis. Anna Dillon. Janct Dona-
llllc. Lois Drury. Ma'l'ilyn l‘iIJI‘l'. Muriel
Fcldninn. (lracc Ficldci', qunnc Fill-
mail. Ruth ii‘inc. Alillc Fritz. l-iclcll
Fritz. I.)lllcic (Ialc. Florcncc (lar-
fall. Rosalind (Icl'ling, Cccilc (iold-
bcrgcl'. Fiorclicc (il‘illltllll, Lillian
Harris. (,‘arolilic Hasbroilck, lilicallol‘
Haysclip, ircnc Hcck, Joan Hylind.
Martha .ioycc. Mariall Klock, Anita
Lcollc, Margarcl Laughiin. Dorothy
Mcycrs, llcatl'icc Moncs, Jilcqllcliilc
Molllgolllcry, Mary Now, Miriam
Quinlan, .ioali Quinn. llclcii Rlllll-
rolh, Kallllccn Rapplcycil. Bculricc
IIIi_\'lll()ll. Alicc ltayhol', Dolorcs
Ropkc, Margllcrilc Itouclullld, Clara
Crousc llydcr. Mary Sanderson. Mill'-
gul'cl Schloll. Margaret Scyffcl'l,
ilal'abar SIIIIVI'I'. (il'lii'l' Shulls. llc—
gilla Slawskl, Jim“ Smith. I’liyllis
Snydcr. Marion Hoiilc, Marllla
.le'cligcr. Louise Slonc. ilcicll
Hllllll'l. Marlc 'l'l'apasso. Mlldrcd
'l'yllicsoll, .loscpllinc Villcillc, Mar—
gal'cl Wall-s, .Iclill Willyall. (.icl‘ll'udc
Ynllowilz.

(‘lllss of liliti: I'lhllil‘l' .'\ll)l'll',lll,
Mildrcd Anscllllclli, Hyhla llorok.
IIill‘l'lI'l iirlllkmali ('iil‘lil_\ll lll'llmill.
li’lllll (‘ils.~.:i\alii. l’ulllnic (‘il-ycll.
IIi'lI‘lI (‘olll//i. lllilh (‘oIrill, I"l(ii':l
(‘olll-il. .Iiilli' (‘ollllcli i\l:ll'gcl'_\ (‘l'a—
illl'l', Ilcii) lilalnond. I‘lllKlllll‘lli l)oi'—
man. l’airicln I-‘i-chan. Mary li‘cn—
wick I\l Ilobci'l l"ci'bcl‘, .lcnll I"llllil.
Nl'llll' (told. .II‘iill (Il'lillll. Priscilla
ll.l\l':~, (‘Iill‘a lIiII. llol'is lvcs. li'ollcl'lu
.iohsoll HUIHII I\'itlll.‘»li. Adcic Ix'uspcl‘.
:s'cllliii lx'l'cisbcl’in. l\liu':i lx'lihli. lIc\-
l-l'ly Link. Marlon l.o.ln:.hcl'_\. llcoi-
l',I'lll‘ I.o\'cc|.'v. .loscplllllc Milllllio
Nuolnl I\ial'lili. .Iillllcs Mlllcl' I‘illl'l‘li
Moody (‘clia Nzlia'i'. I‘lll/Jilil’lll Nc:.—
lull. l’Il_\IIl.~. ii'l‘olmor. IIIillchlc
I'uckcl'. l\llll’l‘,lli'l‘l I’olll. Alina Iloscl,
(‘ni'ilu-Iil llusso, Illly .‘Illollail. I'Ilca—
litll‘ Smith. l‘lcllcvlcvc Sillilllllllg.
I.cllu h‘oillz. .Ioscpll Btl'iliil'll. (.‘oli-
:l:llicc ’l'lllcl'illgloll. llobcl'lu Vall—
Allkcll. litdylhc Wcavcr. Nol'illli Wcr-

 

PoIIer’s Crew-Col Barber
Goes GI, Joins Ranks

Remember those Potter Club
pledge crew-clltsf—Jim does.

Jim the harbor, for the last
seven years a Statcman's tra-
dition, did his last bit of civilian
hair-cutting Wednesday night.
In approximately ten days he
will be on his way to an Army
camp.

Jim has practically been an
official college barber up to now.
and thirty-five percent of his
customers have been State boys.

If he wanted to, Jim could
supplement the S'rA'rn COLLEGE
News; the students and faculty
see to that. College history is
one of his main topics of con-
versation.

Standing next to a poster ad-
vertising the College House pre-
sentation of “Ten Nights in a
Barroom (1938), Jim said, “I'd
like ot thank llIl my friends at
State for being such good cus-
tomers. It was swell. And I'll
see them all again when this is
over.”

Lots of luck to you, Jim.

 

 

 

Eight More Students
Attain Signum Laudis

Signum Lalldis. honorary fratern—
ity. announced lllc addition of cight
llcw lncinbcrs to the organization.
’I‘hcsc sludcnls arc Seniors who rank
among lhc liigllcsi lcn pcr ccllt of
lllcir class in acadcmic grades.

Four percent of this group is
clloscn ill Novclnbcr and tile remain-
ing six pcr ccllt sometime before the
spring rcccss. All candidates must
llfl\'l' a minimum average of 2.0.
Nancy Wilcox. having the highest
:ivcragc ill lllc lcn per cent chosen.
automatically bccomcs lhc pi'csidcnt
of lllc organization.

'I‘hc mcmbci's announccd iii As-
sclnlily Friday wcl'c: Dolores Di
Rubbo. Lillian Gross, Florcncc
(‘oIlcli. Allclc l’llcci. Sonya lialshan.
Iioncy Schocll. lildilh Beard. alid
\"i\‘ltlll Marlon.

Spanish Club Hold Elections

()l'ficial spring clcclions for Span-
isll Club will lakc place at a spccilll
lnccting lllal will be llcld iii Room
21 nch Monday at noon. Pat Fl'cy
will conduct the lilccting.

ocr. .lcali Whilncy. Mildred Wolf.
Margaret Wol'slcy.

(‘Iass of i947: Joan H. Alvcrson,
Mildi'cd Barnard. Riilll W. Bclillcy,
.illlia Boxcr. Rita Bucliallcr. Ruth
(‘apala, ’I‘Ilclina Carlson, Edward
Cohen. Dorothy Dilly. Marilyn Doc—
lor. Hcrbcrl Ford, Dolores Ganslow,
Eunice Golden. Anncttc (Iordoii.
Kallicl'inc (lravcs, Elizabeth Hawlcy.
Laura Hccl'mancc. Dorothy Hladik,
Sally Holmcs Lois Hutchinson. Jalch
lllglcharl. (‘Icrtl'udcKllspcr, Hclcn
Kllbournc. Kallicl'illc Kl'nmcr, Molly
Kramcr. Donald Lansky, Frances
Iiicbcrman. Elizabclh McDowell,
William Mallcry. Elizabeth Margot.
Cal'olilic Micllcl. Anne L. Peterson.
(".Ioria Pli'oWski. Doris Raymond.
Albci'l Read. Jenn Rector. Laura
Rccd, Ruth Reynolds. li)orotliy Ridcl‘.
Cllurlollc Roscoe, Patricia Rnsscll.
(llol'in Russo, Richard Smith, Mary
Alin Stir-glitz, Lela R. ’I‘osh. Vir—
,‘Illlil Tucker. Edna VilnPopcriilg.
Harold chcr. Mollic Wciilsicin.
I“l'c(|crick Woliilsky. (lcllcvicvc
Young, ilclcll C. Zicmblcc. Collccpia
lellibo.

Nelson. Promotes
State Publicity

266 Applicants Listed
For Student Contact

In conjunction with the 1944
publicity campaign for State which
was announced several weeks ago
by Dr. Milton G. Nelson, Dean of
the College, the names of the pros-
pective In-coming freshmen have
been listed on the bulletin board
according to their respective coun-
ties. The posting of the names of
the 266 applicants of the Class of
’48 have been listed in an attempt
to make the new freshmen ac-
quainted with the friendly spirit
and atmosphere around State. Con-
tact with thesc students may be
made during the spring vacation by
enrolled State students.

The following counties are repre-
sented on the list: Albany, Allegany,
Broome. Cattaraugus. Cayuga,
Chautaugua, Chcnnngo, Columbia,
Cortland, Delaware. Dutchcss, Eric,
Essex. Franklin, Fulton, Gcncscc,
(.lrcelm, Hcrkimcr. Livingston, Mon-
i‘oc, Montgomery, Nassau, New York
City. Niagara, Oneida. Onondaga,
()range. Oswego, Otscgo, Putnam,
Rcllssclacr, Rockland, St. Lawrence,
Saratoga. Schenectady, Seneca,
Steuben, Suffolk, Siilliven, 'I‘omp-
kills, Illster, Warren, Washington,
Wayne, \‘Vestchestor. uild Wyoming.

Dr. Nelson in setting forth this
plan is attempting to make the in-
coming students familiar with State,
Slalc customs and traditions, and
lllc spirit they will meet with at
collcgc. This plan will act as a type
of prcvue to precede the personal
illtcrvicws that will be held during
May at ll number of designated
centers.

Last year the campaign held to
publicize State was successful in
obtaining a large number of appli-
cants of high calibre for the Class
of '17. A class of approximately the
same size and scholastic average is
dcsll'cd for clltrance ill September,
I‘ll-l.

SEB Releases Names,

Seniors Receive Jobs

:s‘cvcll lllorc teaching appoint-
illcnts lizlvc bccll made during the
past week. Miss Doris Kelly, di-
i‘ccloi‘ of thc Student Employment
’aircall Ilas released the names.
Miss lx’clly renews the request that
all registrants of the SE13 make
ccrlaili that they inform her of any
changes Ill classes or room numbers.

’I‘Iic Seniors who have received
l'cccilt appointments are: Mary Mc-
Kay, Mathematics, Kendall: Frances
Bourgeois, Social Studies, Kinder-
ilook; .lallc Southwick, Social
Studies. St. Jobnsvlllc; Julie Ed-
nlollds, Latin-French. Edwards;
Mrs. Alcda Claw, Social Studies,
I‘illgIISIl, Kendall; Ethel l-icllertine,
itlathcn'latics, Hyde Park: Mary
Milllion. Commerce, Madison.
Seniors should make a special
effort to keep all engagements ar—
ranged for them by SEB as prompt-
ly as possliile.

Last Call To Knitters

Nulicy Italidcrsoll, '-ill, director of
lllc knitting for the Russian War
Itclici‘. asks that all the girls who
received wool for knitting for the
Itclicf, finish the garments before
I<laslcr vacation. The finished gur-
mcills may bc tilrllcd ill lit the Office
of lllc Iicull of Women.

 

OTTO II. MENDE

THE CoLI. rue JI.~.WI:LLR

IOB CENTRAL AVE.

RIGE ALLEYS

Western .Qv Quail
i."ic :l gillllc for school Icilgucs
Il'llill ll A.M. to (3 RM.

 

 

Gloom: D. JEUNhY, Plow

BOULEVARD

198 “200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Try Our Ilusillcssniall's Lunch

6th:

DIAL 5MIQI3

BAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

Kitchen!

i is-

‘ “as,

