 

 A oat
3M

 

 -———— Bert Kiley

' - tion
are hitting the old they Were in for the pre vaca
timweehll'oh‘lfrgghvih and burrowing our game with the Business men. Regis

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, JANUARY 1, 1944

State Basketeers
Vs. ABC Tonight

Tonight State’s fly-by-night bas-
keteers will fly downtown to the
YMCA where they will take on the
Albany Business College five in a
r turn contest.

9The team will go into tonight’s
fracas in somewhat better shape than

sly way along the same 01d “Its. "Hepper" Hammond has recovered

Monday saw the same,

the oft- from the seige of the flu which laid

repeated greetings. The 1944 model him up for the first encounter.

greeting leaned to the peck on the

The team has had the benefit of

 ' cheek and the “Why darling, you a few practice sessions since return-

fh'm hand-Clasp and the "hello. 01d of getting enough men together who

man, how are you?"

However. the can make the five o'clock practices,

bright YGUOW bantam 01' “Have a the key men of the attack- have been

- 5 had one.” was as popular as ever.
 Corrupt Practices Dept.

The

. l.
 look stunning!" rather than to the ing to school. Despite the difficulty
i

nice vacation?" “No, thanks, I Just showing a decided improvement in

ball handling and scoring punch.
Tonight’s starting five will prob-

d Dickin-
two roomate-members of ably consist of Hammon ,

7' Mxﬁgglﬂ Put Personal messages on son, Beninati, Fancher and 
1 their cent and a half, unsealed others who may see action are _

Christmas cards?

ler and Lehman. The latter may be

test.
i t on the subjects of the sea- unable to make the con

' servighgi'seetings we should like to fol- wm Initial Contest

I ' i; low the reasoning of Lt. Pete Mar-

On Thursday December 16, the

ded in
d AC DUtChy Erbsteln Who State basketball team succee

fgtthtisadialed their “free” Christmas upsetting a supposedly stlonger ABC
cards Perhaps they thought that team, 26-24, on the court in Page;
they 'Were saving the government Hall. Although handicapped by lac

money.

of practice and reserves they came

The Student Asswiﬂtlon WOlmd up from behind to win in their initial
one up on MAA the Thursday before contest of the season,

vacation when they reacted the
wrong way to a psycological experi-
ment in the way of Assembly an-
nouncements and stayed away in
droves from the State-Business Col-
lege game after having been told to
do just that by Kiss of Death Inc.
There is a grisly fear stealing over
us that we don’t understand women.
A certain stiffnesst the join:
inds us of some ng we we
2:33 to say. To wit, that the winter
sports picture hereabouts has been
sadly lacking in those calling for
activity in the great out-of—doors.
Oh' come tonthitnk “0:11:13; tacit; was Beninati with 8 points. 11313:-
reco ec some . . he n _
gogdlitgyand Camp Johnston, but we mson nailed mm With 7 T

The contest was close all the way
through with no team at any time
leading by more than 3 points. Led
by Lehman and Beninati, the State
men kept up fairly against the ABC
quintet. The mid-point found them
trailing by 2 points. In the second
half the ABC men took the lead
under the leadership of Enos and
maintained it up until the final 3
minutes. Then. with a sudden spurt
during which Dickinson contributed
4 points, the State five came from
behind to win 26-24.

High scorer for the home team

mean something a little more access- “dual gignggomlitforltzhe €23;ng
Enos 0 w l . .
ible and enjoyable than What has clever ball-handling and generally

gone before.

good floor game also made them-
e tobo aning and skiing re- , t _ I
quiigchills mfg hence transportation 591V“ ten in the State Vic 013’

to said hills we had best put them
into that hazy land of "after the
war." That leaves ice skating as one

populace is too numerous for the
State mob to drop the inhibitions
and cavort in a manner most pleas-

Of the more “95518”th forms or ing to their little hearts.

muscle bruising and building.
Skating No End of Fun

The art of propelling oneself about
the ice- with a minimum of wear
and tear on the back pockets is one
that can be enjoyed by one's lone-
some or with a group.
hockey is one of the better games
that the continent offers.
go too deeply into the
but the dating possibilities of skat-
ing are profuse and are decidedly
on the good clean fun side, a point
which is worthy of serious consider-
eration in a town that exhausts its

There is a large field between the
Dorms that lies idle and useless all
winter. Ineffectual attempts have
been made to fix the place up into
a skatery but due to one reason
another they Ithc attempts) fell

' through.

It would be nice if someone who
knew the right people would see
what could be done towards turning
a little water out. to freeze. We are
sure that the girls would cooopcratc
and chip the icc off their radiators
to start the puck rolling. Perhaps

3 .' 'm‘)lion' orchestra would play
entertainment facilities with a few U“ ‘3 l 3

movies and myriad ”
course, there is always the “studying

date.

Washington Park is available. but
possesses several
chiefly the fact that after a day's
skating by the populace of Albany,
any new ice is ruttcd, slushy and in

disadvantages,

of the Sli'ulcrs Willi: for mntinccs.

 

HEBBEBT’S

general not pleasing to your sensitive 1054 Madison Ave. Albany, N. Y.

skater. Also. the atom-mentioned

 

——By Audrey Johnston—

Or need of practice. Fumbling, missed been postponed.

 

Hypothetical Susie Eats Wheaties;
They Lei Her Down-~Bul Hard! {M

part. Her first few step: to 1slay the
' . rts’ enthusiasts least. were falter pg. 5 s e was
sesi'ift‘t: SSJSYeSJIh‘yed many and picking herself up from a horizontal
varied adventures during their all- position for approximately the 18th
too-brief Christmas vacation. Skat- time she began to suspect that she
ing far out-ranked all other fields was a little out of practice. I board!
of outdoor entertainment, with bowl- Four hours later as our hcioine the advisability of saying “WM
ing and sledding as weak runners-up. wearily walked home on her ankles, unetm board comes to Life," but
Suppose we let Susie represent this she contemplated her unhappy fate. the board itself has!” moved. The
ambitious group of athletes. Bright She was willing to sacrifice her time, point we are trying to make is that
and not too early on the first day her energy, her dignity, her all— you can Sm] View it daily in the.
of vacation, after a hearty meal of but nothing could compensate for lower ha“ of Draper. It has not de_
Wheaties, she started off for that the loss of that very vital bicuspid. parted to the offices of a certain
ubiquitous mill-pond. She prob- No sport was worth THAT! widelyﬂmd magazine-
ably decided that it would be best And so on the next morning, bright A d it has become somethmg to‘
if She went m t‘hlfi £101.ng When :irbtiniiiogts Efgefghlrbd :hgiefztuﬁagz Vie“? First of all the pencilled scrib—
‘ ’ toot c . ' , l r ‘ -
tlzltlfcfikdgialftn ther first act after test- found cozily sleeping her days away ﬁllings “1:111:35: 152515;}:1‘1'81353 3:21“
ing the ice with various branches, in quiet security—which is some- ti?“ ggl‘med into large ureadable‘
boulders etc.. was to attempt to put thing like a bed, only cozier. lﬂltlsh We would bemﬁle them if
on last year's skates over nine pairs A week later, as a rather feeble P05 618.“ d rselves to the ad-
of socks and a foot that had quite gesture of good sportsmanship, she Wetlcon “h: (18256" For they are
amazingly grown two sizes. As a deigned to bowl one whole game. lec‘kve f‘l‘ugstermzt”
concession she removed three pairs Well, maybe she wasn't so hardy, W01 S 0 D -
of the socks and crammed her feet or enthusiastic——but she has return- Gone the sorry spectacle of the
into the skates, regardless of their ed refreshed, invigorated and ready would-be athletic sophomore getting
obvious deficiencies. ‘ for a bangfed-upt fénishmto the first a stti{)fleneacrkdtreyliéilgt tﬁedlefsiplggré (g2;
' ' or s ear. a a ,
Then came the really interesting semester 0 spor s “myi— h“ Home for WEdneSday’s baSketbau.
The posters are now being held

Chi Sig View” Tab" Aclivilies H" as
In First Cage  Stride With 3 Going

precious store instead of the former
The ping pong tournament, which

spit and prayer.

This leads to a professionally neitiot
hi Si ma Theta began WAA's is one of the mam features of the appearance, but gives us ieason
19404 baskgetball season auspicious}:i winter sports program has been :l/Jﬂder if we have come to the right

defeatm’ Gamma Kappa P v makin raid rogress. This week, ‘ -
gill-2. The 2Chi Sigs were sparked plans are 89mg made {or the open It is the same felfl}ngeof&ig?:tgia:t
by the rash Cleﬂnwm playing 0f doubles. Pairings have been posted hit pinstntﬁls “algombauea the-
guard Fran McCormick, ’47, a new- on the MAA bulletin board and to Kiley ac'ua y itct “318mm in a
comer to the Page Hall court——-one date twenty contestants have signed mens 'touiiiam‘enActing/e]hm]e been
who deserves watching. High scor- up to may in the tournaments, From matter pf clays. t n ment needs is
er of the game and captain of the all accounts the games Wm be hotly insisting“. nM a cum
team, Mary Domann. garnered eight contested and the final outcome is administia on. m
' ' oints The names of a ew ar orses ou e: .
maxim; Big/331551 btfb til/3:1? foul appear on the list along with several state of quiescence.I lgoufbtlfss (will?!
shots. Betty Philips and Alice well-known proponents of the sport. a little effoit ithcou'd 9 ns e p
Young, captain, accounted for these Bob Ferber, champion of the mens in a. niatteidof uouis.r0 Fess of the
two points. tournament is slated to play with As legal is. ie (5) .fgan for one
T1 . d was a g mted Beninati. The teams of Garfall and womans touiney, a1 , “h ,
1e bacon game kt. ‘pd the Herdinan, and Lashinsky and Gia- was heard to state that s 0 Wills
conteSt batw‘een Bﬁm Z6 4 an 1 velli, are also among those listed to waiting to be challenged. ‘Exacty
Pierce Han [Hares ' Beta zetgb L2116 compete in the battle for champion- what she meant we are not certain
mo“? exDel 1?nceste§ "2182311118 cm; ship. since she is scheduled to play Eger-
G101 m Bake! and he a re' h} h The first round matches will begin ton in her next match.
mm. Pf thex BZ iearmb  C'll'llliglg' this Week and they mu“ be over by But we are eagerly awaiting the
Elem-0‘15 Of mm film} tlb'i'team‘ Jean January 12- The “"315 Will take arrival of a few inches of snow to
10ml?“ Weighing]! ole Ithe “Hares” Place 0“ January 31- witness the enthusiasm for winter
 higli'scdiler of that team. mak- The MAA pool tourntcl‘y iglteimtpofi:  Vthcatiiidclpxtoubﬁqréy;
ing a total of eleven points. arily inactive. Be orc  n s n 's L be éomcmmg are mu Oh we“,
The two games were spirited ones, recess began the contest was near- o.  H r {l L. Chan ,8
-'-- ' r ‘ ~ ‘ ' its final sta 'cs but due to the its a female ])Li'0.[,ll.VC o g
taggoiloiliiikRottgﬂlitiii   that the Saygrles Hall pool table her mind. ACthlthS Day was way

' ‘ " I ' ' -nt has last Fall, before the leaves fell and
all four teams were definitely in is unavailable the tournamc along With them. the tempemmum.

' ' ' ‘ ' r Lain Clara Hill,
The womons ping pong touxna- The bowling cap , '
ment has not yet been completed. cannot make up a schedule for tile
t ' ' of ill(‘ games The first round matches were all inter-house tournament until ai‘llt:
uShiv onczgdnwlls schcduled for played before vacation lbut uth to l.(lialinsi hag/lob lieféivfgilgfdllgzlém 33.“)
I ‘ " "it. Morcland this time only one of tie ma oies g rs n ‘. I v I ' 

“mil Vllldllhhdthi'iitllEl'lHouse at 7:15 of the second round has been played are responsible 101 doing this, might

Path;v Page‘hall gym . off stir themselves into action.

n I . .

Have 21 Coca-Cola = éQue’ Tal?

(WHAT'S UP?)

 

Margo Byrne

Life comes to WAA’s bulletin
We debated with ourselves

 

foul shots. and sloppy playing in
general wore the predominant ica—

 

 

 

W. M. WHITNEY & 00.

Department Store

North Pearl Street, Albany, N. Y.
ALBANY’S SHOPPING CENTER FOR ‘3 YEARS

/ M. 
ll! l Milli

, is,
ill lily

,, _
 l l

l
I
/ i

 

 

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD GAFETERIA

Try Our liusincssmun’s Lunch

198~200 CENTRAL AVENUE

DIAL 5*“1913

ALBANY. N. Y.

 
   
 
  

will), I, All" i V ,/r [/l YEN/lb -_  (I.
. . . in Panama as in Pittsburgh

{One/.11? is the friendly lWJut'i u/i.’ of the citizen of Panama. Equally

 

 

     
    

   
  
 

l\ _
. i \
cordial is (he [INVL' a “(Io/w" of the American soldier. Around the  Hungﬁﬁb I
- . . w... i » .- “I Illllluu ‘ it! .
World Coca-(:qu stands for 1/» [Id/(w I/MI rrjmlm, has become flight"; high?"
.
, l

 

   

the high-sign of friendly-minded folks.

It's annual for no ular names
to acquire tilt-lull y llllhlii‘vlll'
lions. Thai is wr you near
(low-Coin culled Y‘Lulic".

BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY

ALBANY COCA-COLA ISO’I‘TLING (‘0.

v—o19‘3 Th. c“: c‘

 

 

 

 

 

:» ’le.f"v‘2i;.v“ u l.

 

State College

 

 

 

 

 

’ . i“; I
411g“.
3’

,.

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1944

 

VOL. XXVlll NO. 15

 

Breunig Plans
Poster Panel,

improvements
Commission To install

Coke Machine Soon

The revised Campus Commission,
under the leadership of Marjorie
Bruenig, ’44, newly elected Grand
Marshal, has launched the primary
plans for fulfilling the purpose of
reorganization: “to make and enforce
regulations pertaining to the general
upkeep of the College."

A plan whereby all posters will be
mounted on a six-inch panel, instead
of being posted anywhere along the
balls, is underway. Temporary bulle-
tin boards will be put up for the
posters until the panel is up. This
complies with the effort to bring the
posters up to college level by lin-
provement in the size of posters and
their distribution.

Coke Machine

Dr. John M. Sayles, President of
the College, reported to the Commis-
sion that the coke machine will be
installed in the Commons before
examinations begin. Campus Com-
mission will have charge of the coke
machine, and will draw up rules
governing its use. The group will
also issue warnings to students who
fail to observe the regulations.

Campus Commission now consists
of the former members and the
class marshals. The large number
of members and the additional work
brought by reorganization will neces-
sitate the election of a secretary and
a treasurer.

Freshman tryouts. similar to
those of other Student Council or-
ganizations. will be held under the
new system. At the end of the
term, the outgoing members will
choose the new members for the
following your.

Constitutional Meeting

There will be a meeting of Campus
Commission Monday at 7:30 PM. in
the Pine Room of Pierce Hall for
the purpose of drawing Lip u consti-
tution. Those students on the com-
mittee for drawing Lip the constitu-
tion are Herbert. Brock and Bertram
Kiley. Seniors; Florence Gurfull and
Martha Sprcng‘or, Juniors: Helen
Slack and Mario Licbl, Sophomores;
and Elsie Slockmnn, '47.

'I‘hc co~opcrnlioii uud inlcrcsi. of
every sludcnl. is sought by the Coin-
mission to improve the appearance
of the Collcgc.

The Chairman of Culiiplls Com-
mission. Grand Marshal, will bc
chosen from liic Junior members in
the spring clcclion.

Dr. Rice~Anolh

From Ohio Stulc Univcrsily and
u Nuvul Air Cudcl Progrum lo u
scliicslci' ul Sluic Colicgc. und now
lo~~only llli‘ Nuvy kiloWs whcrcl
’I‘hus roads the vcry conclsc history
of Dr. I-iurvcy M. lticc. Professor of
Social Sludics ul Siulc for one soni-
cslci'.

Dr. Rico wus gruduulcd from Con-
cord ’l‘cuciicrs Collcgc in Wcsl. Vir-
ginia. curncd his Muslcrs Don-cc in
the Universin of West Virginiu. und
his Doctorate in Ohio Slulc. He was
conncclcd Wlill lhc history dcpuri.-
mcnl in Ohio Slulc in Columbus for
sonic limo. During his lusl your
lhcrc, lic l'ccciVi-d u lcuvc of ubsonce
during which llnic ho was in charge
of u Nuvui Air Cudol. Progruin lcucli-
ing Air Cudcls lo fly.

Sincc coming to Blair in Si-plcm-

bcr, 1943, Dr. Rico lius luslruclcd ‘

clusscs in Social Studies und hits
luken un uclivc purl. in cxlru-
class life by noting as udviscr in
Forum und us a faculty mcm~
her of the Will' Activities Council
Notice come on January ilh for him
to report for duty. but Dr. Rico wrote
to his board and explained that the

Bob HOpe (Paro
Assembly lodoy

“The porody’s the filing!”

Book of Misquotes, Chap. I.

A cat may have nine iivcs; two
World Wars may work havoc on
this mundane earth; but once, and
once only, will the famous, world-
renowned comedian, Bob Hope visit
State! This morning in assembly
Bob Hope in his full regalia (mean-
ing Vera Vague, Colona and Frances
Langford of course!) will crack
jokes, match wits, and shrink bc-
neath boomerang retorts. Weececli,
maybe not the real Bob Hope, but
a reasonable and very original fac-
simiic!

“Bob Hope" and his cast will stop
off at State between shows at Army
and Naval Stations all over the
country. Klppy Marsh, ‘44, a dc-
lighlful feminine version of Bob
Hope, will preside as Mistress of
Ceremonies. Hope's stooging two-
some, Vern Vague and Jerry Colona,
will be mimicked and imitated by

SCA, RPl Plan
Weekend Meet

SCA has planned a small confer-
ence for Saturday, January 15, to
discuss international problems and
woman's attitude toward home and
marriage. There will be fifteen State
women attending, as well as an
equal number of RPI naval cadets
who have been invited to participate.

A full program has been arranged
which will last until Sunday noon.
The group will meet Saturday at
six o'clock in the Hotel Wellington,
for dinner. At 7:30 P.M., immediate-
ly following dinner, they will gather
in the Blue Ronni of the First Pres—
bylcrian Church to carry on their
conference discussion. Dancing will
complete the first day of the con—
fercncc.

Arrangements have been made for
the naval cadets lo spend the night.
at lhc Y.M.C.A. Sunday. the group
will rejoin lo attend the service at
the First Presbyterian Church in a
body. Dr. Howard L. Rublndull will
give llic sermon.

Eunicc Baird. '44, prcsidenl. of
SCA, has asked that any women
who are inlcrcslcd in attending. COll-
incl licr. chcrui delegates from
each cluss will bc chosen to compose
lhc fli'lccu who will participate in
the confci'cncc.

if lhc conl'crcucc proves succcss-
i'ul. SCA pluns lo hold scvcrul morc
during ill(‘ ncxl scmcslcr, llicrcby
giving lliosc who urc ilnublc lo lnkc
purl lliis limc u (-liunco lo pnrlici-
pulc in u lulcr onc.

 

er Slor on Stole/s Service Flag

by Joan “(‘l‘lil'icll

 

wccks lime. Conscqucully. he rc—
ccivcd u Imslponcmcnl uulil Fcb—
ruury lsl, in. which limc he will

lo llll‘ lcu.

died) Will Visit
With Full Relinue

Sylvia Trop, ‘46, and Philip Lash-
insky, ’47, respectively.

As the program progresses, Miss
Marsh will introduce guest artists,
Celebrities from every field of the
“higher arts” will make their ap-
pearance in Page Hall this morning.
Constance Colburn, ’45, will give her
famous (lance act. A song (dare we
say—one written for the occasion?)
will be sung by Muriel Rubin, '47,
with Muriel Navy, ’46, at the piano.

That favorite of all times and
ages, one of the world's best sell-
ing semi-classics, Deep Purple, will
be sung by the famed Elinor
O'Brien, '46. Lucille Kenny, '45, will
deliver a “queer, but funny" mono-
logue designed after the style and
mannerisms of Danny Kaye.

In place of Francis Langford, the
soloist of the Bob Hope program,
Jane Southwick, '44, will act as the
day's prima donnu.

All the guest artists have gained
names for themselves and are well-
imown to rank high in the category

Elementary Dramatics
To Present Plays Tuesday

Program Begins at 8:30

The dramatic talent of State stu-
‘ dents will be combined on Tuesday
evening at 8:30 PM. when students
. of Elementary Dramatics stage three
plays in Page Hall. Under the dir-
' action of Miss Agnes E. Futterer,
Assistant Professor of English, the
three plays, in the order of their
presentation are: “The Boor” by
Chekhov; 'That‘s Hollywood,” and
"The Princess Marries The Page.”
Order Of Plays

In the first play, “The Boor,”
Marjorie Cronin, '46, as a widow

grieving over the loss of her hus-
band, is blasted from her apathy by
a shouting, crude money collector
in the person of James McFeeley, ’44.
Clyde Cook, ’47, a servant, completes
the cast.

In “That’s Hollywood," Arthur
Russell, ’46, movie aspirant about to
of State talent . . . commit suicide, is interrupted by

At regular intervals during the Miss Agnes E. Funeral.) Assistant another'Hoilywood hopeful, Arlene
performance (frequent enough to ‘Profesgor of English, director of POISky' 46' Helen Slam" '46' is, a
be an annoyance, but not too fre- the E, I), plays. Slinky Siren' and Bertram Kiley' 44'
quent to be tiresomel Helen Slack, \ is a press agent With a heart or gOId'
.46, will praise a number of various Esther Albright and Geraldine Van
commodities after the best form of    Ana” sophomores" complete the
national advertisers group portraying Hollywoodites.

As the program is nearing an end, ' _ In the final presentation Elizabeth
the All-Star Cast will spring one S h P " 1. MCGI'ﬂth. '46. RSDOlled bUt 10Vable
last surprise on the expectant aud-   , princess of the “Princess and the
fence. Shrouded carefully beneath The Waves, a realistic film story Page.” and her doting father, the
the protective wings of Chairman of the fisherfolk along the Gulf of King, Helen Rankey, ’46, find them-
Joan Smith, '45, the surprise will Vera Cruz, will be presented by selves involved with a boyish page,
remain unknown until actually the Spanish Club, Pan Amigos, on Eileen Moody, ’46. The remainder of
presented. Friday, January 21, in the Page the cast includes Janet Donahue,

“Your autograph, Miss Marsh?" Hall auditorium at 8 PM. The ’49, Helen Burczak, Agnes Young
“Sign here. please, Miss Marsh," story of the film is based on the and Adele Kasper, Sophomores.
Bob Hope, Jack Benny, Fred Allen, Struggles Of these [300919 againSt Committees
and many other nation-wide com- their surroundings 11nd man'made During the intermission between
cdiuns will doubtlessly offer Miss 0bj00lS~ In addition 10 the "WWW plays, F‘rcdcrick Wolinsky, '47, will
Marsh innumerable contracts after is 8 Short. Olltmed Pilvi'v‘Al’lm'l‘V‘” play Polonaise in A Flo! Major, by
her startling performance this BMYWI Chopin. A trio composed of Nora
morning lus Miss Marsh’s perform- The ﬁrst film 15 11 Shay—Six mm' Crumm, '45, Dorothy Townsend, and
anccs always arell A rumor preva- ULO Presentation FOP “"3 benefit Jane Southwick, Seniors, will ren-
lcnt around the balls is that a Of “1050 WhO “1'0 “0t Spam-5'11 SLU' der Shoo Shoo Baby and I Didn’t
number of talent scouts expect to dent-9v more Will be SmelCS 1“ Sleep (1. Win/r Lus! Nil/ht with
be in the audience in Page Hall to- English cxlllnilllnb‘ the DIOLS- Evelyn McGowan, ’44, as accompan-
day. “Since it is becoming increasingly lst, Constance Colburn, '45, will

. , ..  ,, _,._ difficult in obtain foreign films, this enrol-min with 3 ml, dance,
presentation is perhaps one of the
Farm” Holds weekly Teas iasl‘. opportunities [.0 sec on authen-
tic Spunish movic.

Fail-roll House has initiated a new Catherine Rice, ’44, and Janet L.
sociu custom at State Collcg‘c in thc Smith, ‘44, are in churrc oi‘ )ublicity, . . . . . . . . .
form of u wcckly afternoon [on ovary and the distribution 501‘ tihkcts for 49' Pllbucny' E'smm P9hk9’1‘c“ 45'
Thursday from 3:30 to 5 PM. the performance will be conducted Pmm' Bony Hamilton“ 46' and COS-

An open invitation is cxlcudcd to by Jeanne Rosct, ’46, and George “"“US- D0101“ Huvm'v ’46-
lhc i'ucully by Miss Shorduy. liousc- Pnulus, ’47; Ruth Colvin und Hclcno Tho lN‘OBI'Hm is under the spon-
molhcr, und ’l‘homusinu Pullollu, '44, Nichols will set tlic atmosphere with 50mm!) “f “‘9 Dmmmlcs and Arts
Sociul Dircclor. lL‘uch \vcck, three attractive urrungcmcnts. Several Assocml'lonv swam“ in" “Ckcm
sludcnls who iivc in F‘urrci may in- Slulc scnorilus will usher in Spnn- “my be Presented “L “‘0 doorv Res’
vilc Lin-cc friends from llic Collcg‘c isli pcusunl. costumes. “Wed “0”” Wi” be 75 Cent” ‘md
Pun Amigos intends in send invl- “the” 55 “OM-53 S°"Vi'~"~‘m°” W1” be
-  ~-»— tulions to all the high schools and “dmluo‘l “'00-
ncurby collcgcs whorc Spunish is *"“*‘
lunghl, us well as lo students in the
cxlcnsion school. The performance
will begin at 8:00 PM, and tickets. Forum To  Party
which are 25 ccnls ilus lax, will be -
“a “H u” l” “H _ H sold iii. the door. I In Honor OF Dr- Rice

' .' ('.\'(‘Ci Vl.‘ i) 1001' In 110 Thu )1’0000" 'le , i '33, ,-
V-5 or V-12 programs. His probable lion will be (liscld ilill tilii'igllllssowldgs A5 a farewell gem‘um [‘0 DI" Harvey
(li’ﬁullllllml is QNOHHN NIH/ill Ail' dcpcndlng on the degree of success— M' R‘CC' Promise” Of Soul“! Smdles'
Sluliou. Rhodc Island. if ll. is cspccinlv well attended the qum W1“ “01d ‘1 part-V 1" the

“15 {Ul'mi‘l' “’Ol'k 1“ “10 NHVIll Ail“ money will be divided between use Loungc‘ Wednesday at” 330 RM" Dr'
Cudcl Progrum wus administrative in the group itself, and donation for mcc' who has been the "dwser or
charm of instruction in ground the War Aclivitlcs Fund; liowcvcr Forum Since Sepmnber' 1943' ex'
[ruining i‘undumcululs. and flight if [he lullcr is not. possible, the Club liccls to leave for some duty in the
tl'nlnlns in 11011111 nuvlgution. In intends to sponsor another uclivitv Nuv‘v u" February 1'

Ohio Slulc, Dr. liicc luughl. a course some liinc in the future. I T111“: Forum's “"01 Bullhel'ng 1701‘
in cclcsllul navigation, on old, but a  .. . llic scmcslcr, will be open to the
still intriguing, sludy, sludan body as well us to all Forum

Wlillc lcucliing in Ohio State, Dr. ' lllembm's. The program will open
Rice published u lwo-volume Study Stadent counc'l P'aces with u sliorl. debate and discussion

Oulliuc History of the United States, - of the Soldiers‘ Vole. Control of the
copies of which are sold in the Co-op. Moran In  Post VOW by the Fedel‘lll Government
H" "150 Wm“? ‘1 biography 01” JOIIII- Kullu'yn Moran, ’45, has been up- wm be dammed by Jon“ Berbel'lch»
“‘0” 3911119“. U Vll‘ll'lnlllll 01' 1m- pointcd u mcniber of lilo Board of '46- WP" “’m 31"" “ “Ve'mmum sum-
portuncc during the Civil War. This Audit and Comm] by student, llllll‘l' in favor of national control.
book “nu, published by me Uulwmpy COUNCIL MISS Mom“ m“ ml we Charles Turcotie. '44. will uphold the
01 Norm gummm press ‘ vacancy It,” by Nancy “an, .45, who DOWL‘J' of the Slate Governments.

Exprcssuig his i'cgi'cl,.,\ll lcuvinu lius loft college. Lucille Gcrg has The mm“ wm “10"!” 01’9" m 39‘1'
Slulc so soon after his ; ‘lvul, Dr. bccn elected to fill the sccrcturlal "ml discussmn {0" twenty mini" ‘3-
mce 5mm“ “1 “We liglg‘ inuny office which Miss Hull formerly held. Founwm” the discussmnv 'wle
friends here whom I she;d 'niss, and Usually the members of mg, BAG meeting will take a trend to the
have bud many good fir."v hut‘m, will u“, elected by the Student bodyl but lighter side, with entertainment
not soon be fol‘solvteiiu'my ,jiuuks us the semester is almost War. the WW "rm/med under “‘9 laudermll’

 

 

Committee chairmen for the three
plays are: Scts. Margaret Worsiey,
’46; House, Mary Louise Casey, '46:
Sound Effects, Geraldine Van Allen,

 

leave [or active duty in liie NilVy, goes to the students u‘md (minty of Student Association decided it would of Sunnu Cooper, .45_ Cakes Wm be

Dr. Rice has u standing of Lieuten- State and to the citiz-
ant (J.G.l and expects either to for a few pleasant h
first semester Would end in a few teach navigation to Air Cadets or to State’s capitol."

md “we; ,1in save an appreciable amount of time served'
“denim-r ,ie if an appointment were made rather Jeanne Bailey. '44. Speaker 01
(mad. than an election. (Continued on page .9)
m
d "as “1“

' 3' t. .
 ("cull

Agnes Futierer Directs,

\- :. um 1:37

 

