 

 

 

—by KIPPY MARSH

 

 

VISITORS .
The gay young blade, Frances Mullin, from the class
of ’45, back fresh from Alabama and next stop Nebraska
. . . From the same class Art Collins who has been in
then ospftal with rheumatic fever and now O.K. . . .
And Dan Regan from San Marcus, Texas on his way
to Tampa, Florida . . . Leaving behind him A C Bill
Grattan . . . And bringing word of Dave Grlf in who
si in Bombardier School in Deming, New Mexico . . .
A C Warren Kullman in Flight Brigade. Pensacola,
F orida, writes that he is going to specialize in multi-
engine land-based bombers . . . Sounds good . . .

APO’S

The feIIOWS are getting them fast enough . . . apo’s
I mean . . . J. Michael Hippick (Cpl. mind you) finally
released from Camp Gruber . . . 2nd Lt. Paul Barselou
. . . Overseas news comes from Ruth Hines who is satis-
fying that roaming instinct of hers . . . Was in Nether-
lands East Indies and is now in New Guinea with no
mention of the work she is doing . . . In England Harold
Goldstein thinks that the English girls are forward . . .
Oh, Harold . . . Captain Martha Schlnd who likes her
assignment as head of the Accounting Branch of the
Medical Department Regional Fiscal Office . . . Must
be a brain to even remember the name of the place
. . . She’s in St. Louis . . .

PRAISE THE LORD
A kind word from Lt. Glen Ungerer at the Base
Weather Station in Topeka, Kansas and we might add
practically the first one that the Circulation Depart-
ment has had . . . Says Glen “We (Mrs. Ungerer—
formerly Betty Morrow ’37 and I) enjoy each issue
of the News and wish to thank everyone at S.C.T. for
making it possible for Servicemen to receive the Sure
COLLEGE News. We realize that it’s just one more job
for you to keep them circulating to us” . . . Pvt. Thomas
Houlihan is at AG-SF Redist. Station in Hot Springs,
Arkansas . . . Bernie Skolsky writes that we can broad-
cast to the world that “Skolsky has gone into hiberna-
tion for the winter at Pyote rhymes with population
95" . . . The main feature cf the place seems to be
that like Paradise it is in the middle of nowhere . . .
Change of address for Lt. Fred Beyer who has been
transferred from Tuscon. Arizona to Topeka, Kansas. .
Recently graduated from Signal Corps Officer Can-
didate School as second lieutenant Sam D. Bedrosian.
Christmas . . . “What’ll I get my room-mate?” . . .
“I hope Mom likes these bedroom slippers"
“Wish I'd get a ring for Christmas” . . . A college
girl’s thoughts 19 shopping days before Christmas. . .
Think back 10 years . . . You were nine . . . You
stayed awake practically all night tense with excite-
ment . . . “Think Santa Claus ’11 give me my doll,
Mom?” . . . “Can’t I stay up and watch?” .
Christmas morning . . . four stockings overflowing . .
candy and nuts, fruit, money, the skates you want-
ed . . . Christmas breakfast and the tree loaded with
presents . . . the big family dinner . . . the groaning
table filled with young and old . the festive
air . . . the feeling of excitement . . . the feeling of
contentment . . . the feeling of a Christmas at home
. now there are memories and the vicarious thrill
of catching the little brothers and sisters and
cousins . . . of giving to them to recapture the thrills
and the happinesses of past Christmases .

You can give a gift that will mean more than
ten other expensive gifts. You can give a gift to a
child that has never had a Christmas at home . . .
who will celebrate his Christmas with 140 other
children who may never have had one . . . some of
them won’t be able to remember their fathers or
mothers . . . but they will remember the disappoint-
ment of a Christmas if they are forgotten . . . when
you go to buy that package of cigarettes, think of a
child waiting for that gift from you and take the
twenty five cents to a store . . . Someone will receive
a package from Santa Claus with his name on it. . .
a Christmas party. . . a dance. . . A Christmas when

he was remembered. . . Listen today in Assembly to
find out who to buy your gift for and what to do
with it . . . you can't deny them a Christmas spirit

. can you.

Back again in the Social Whirl. . . with the
statesmen. . . a holiday dance. . . and it reminds us
of a reminder in the Union Concordiensis. . . a note
from Emily Post to all the beautiful girls (some of
'em our) . . . "don't Indicate your choice of a bed
by throwing your bag on it. and that applies to you
men too."

The Weekly Bulletin—

lu-r. l SororIIh-s I‘Iiiifi" llur. 11 Formal l'nIn-l
lulu I'rvshuu-u wouu-n ul Discussion will In! hold In
Imfl‘i-l support from II In tho Loungi- :II :z: i.
ll l'..\i. iu llu- nurol'lly 11w. ll WquI-n's lomln-l-

lloum-u. hull prurlico will he leli
ill-v. I ltlvulry Slug will i” 'l'“ “3"” "‘ 7 1""

lo- lllI'lilliI‘Il Iu lilo nus-our .“W- 'l 3‘“ l"‘""“” “1"”

my lumwan in“ iholli vim-lions ul 7
.. u” ‘ . ' '.. . u ilu- Lounges.
luv. .. l‘Iillll‘iiilH hold “W. .3 MIA will hum ,,

I“lll‘ill€li iliuuvr for I'I‘i'Hil‘

mull. wum‘," "mu 7 U. “:3” glilwru‘i nn-ollug of 7:2“)
I'.. .

PM. u lilo Lounge.

r _ I Iii-v. 7 Nl-wmuu (.‘Inh
“or. o Wouwnu bushel. will prl-xl'nl lir. Jones of

null prurih'o will In: hold H i'..\i. In Nowniun Iioll.

iu the gym ul 7 l‘..\l. l‘l\‘ll’,\’lilll' la Inviloll lo ni~
"1'". 5 il'nn Amigos illuh loud.

will llli‘ul ul. 7:30 In lilo “00. 7 vI‘lwmln‘iry (.‘luh

Lolingv. Movies on “llulus- will initiate m-w unenlier

lriul Life of Argentina" of u iillliilliill. at (lull) l'..\i.

will be shown. In the hollow cufoiuriu.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1,.1944

PLEDGE CARD-—

ALUMNI

PLEDGE

STUDENT UNION FOR NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE
For thepurpose of paying the cost of construction of a Student Union for
the students of New York State College for Teachers, and in consideration

of the subscription of others, I hereby subscribe the sum of ........................................... ..

dollars to be paid as follows;

1. Complete in February ................................ ..
2. Complete in five annual installments, beginning February 
3. Complete in ten annual installments, beginning February 

Signed
Home Address

 

Class .......................................................... .. nntp

 

Make payments to: New York State College for Teachers
Benevolent Association, Inc. (Student Union)

Remit to: Dr. Ralph Beaver

N.Y.S.C.T. Albany, N. Y.

Above is a reproduction of the pledge card which succeeding classes
will be asked to fill out in making their pledges for the proposed Student
Union. These cards were first used by the class of 1961;. Better get

to know it, ’45.

Walt

4mt‘4

By Shirley Siegel Passow

 

ON THE GROUND

The northern head of the Allied
line in Germany, led by Lt. Gen.
Simpson's American Ninth Army,
and parts of the U. S. First Army,
has struck powerfully and success-
fully at the Siegfried line in the
muddy Cologne plain. Patton’s
Third Army is methodically annex-
ing towns and rail centers enroute
to the Saar, but the Ninth took in
of a mile of bitterly defended terri-
tory. The Canadian First Army
has moved up to the front opposite
Cleve in the vital northern region.

Soviet troops and Yugoslav Par-
tisans are again attempting to take
Hungary’s capital, Budapest, from
the southwest. The Japanese are
surging toward Kweiyang, which is
only 300 miles from Chungking.
IN THE AIR

More than 2000 American bomb-
ers and fighters were unopposed
aerially in their attack on an oil

. refinery at Misberg and rail yards

at Hamm. RAF MosquitOS marked
their first daylight raid in 18
months by planting 4000 tons of
bombs on Duisburg in the Ruhr,
followed with a night bombing of

. Hanover.

B-29's hit at Tokyo for the third
time this week. The Volcano and
Bonin Islands in the Central Pa-
cific, suspected strongholds of the
Jap bombers who raided Saipan’s
B-29 base, were lacerated by Army,
Navy and Marine “egg men."

ON THE SEA

Thirteen Japanese ships, includ-
ing three destroyers, and 4000
troops were sunk in Japan’s sixth
attempt to land reinforcements at
Orinoc, Leyte. Our Lightnings,
Thunderbolts and P-40’s ruined the
attempt in a two-day air battle.
The Americans on Leyte are far
from comfortable, since excessive
rain fall has messed up supply
channels.

CABINET MOVES

Edward R. Stettinius, Jr., bright
young man of politics, has succeeded
his former superior, sick Cordell
Hull. as Secretary of State. Inex-
plicubly, Sen. Langer (ND) balked
at giving Stettinlus the Senate’s
unanimous approval Wednesday,
although the Foreign Affairs Com-
mittee lndorsed the nominee
promptly. Stettinlus earned Brit-
Lsh and Russian praise as Lend-
Leasc administrator; is hinting at
possible overhaul of the creaky
State department. Henry Wallace
has been offered any of the other
Cabinet posts~~rtunor says he likes
the Commerce department. whose
present boss. Jesse Jones, will prob-
ably retire, Hc’ll stay around
Washington as head of the Recon-
struction Finance Corporation.
BIAS HUNTERS

Gov. Dcwoy's commission to in-
vestigate discrimination in industry
opened a week of public hearings
in Albany Monday by questioning
roprcscntutchs of industry. labor
and minority groups. Spokesman
for the Schenectady General Elec-
tric union (UERMWA. CIO) urged
that dim‘lminatlmi be outlawed
and prosecuted not only In indus-
try but in education, housing. social
welfare and public health as well.
The commission heard witnesses In
Syracuse, Buffalo, Rochester and
will visit New York today.

 

CHIANG SHIFTS CABINET

Besides gratitude, admiration and
a pittance of military aid, America
has recently sent to China’s Kuo-
mintang Donald Nelson, to act as
adviser of China's WPB, and Brig.
Gen. Patrick J. Hurley, smooth ap-
ple, to be new ambassador. But
which China are we helping?
Chiang's Kuomintang, which has
diluted its war effort by blockading
and battling the army of 60,000,000
Chinese partisans? Millions of
Chinese feel the Kuomintang is
neither democratic nor representa-
tive—a view upheld by such observ-
ers as Teddy White (Time). Brooks
Atkinson (N. Y. Times) and Edgar
Snow, author.

The war is obviously a tragic
fa.1ure in China, and the govern-
ment may yet be forced to retreat
westward from Chungking. Major
U. S. air bases have been destroyed
or captured by the Japs.

Chiang has lately reorganized his
caonltt, presumably acknowledging
pressure by the Chinese, by Ameri-
cans and by military defeat. Three
reactionary bigwigs were retired—
out of their jobs into three others
equally influential. Hopeful is the
addition of Gen. Chen Chang as
Minister of War, a progressive who
hopes to synchronize the Kuomin-
tang and partisan armies. Besides
this number one problem, the new
cabinet must solve—or fail—the in-
credible inilation, war profiteering
and starvation; and substitute real
liberty for the present secret police
tyranny of Free China.

WAY TO HIS HEART

The New Republic (Nov. 27)
showed us a new facet of That
Man. “There is one story of a man
who got ‘five minutes' from grud-
ing secretaries to see the President.
But on advice of a friend he took
a 25-cent bag of peanuts along.
Sure enough, 40 minutes later he
was still chatting with FDR. and
the interview didn’t end till the
peanuts did."

SMOKE?

What kind of behind the curtain
game are Russta and Britain play-
ing? DeGaulie and Stalin are con~
ferrlng in Moscow on the disposi-
tion of Germany—what are Bri-
tain‘s ideas? Russia has repudiated
London's pet, the Polish government
In exile, and instead is nurturing
the Polish Committee of National
Liberation in the USSR—~not just
with praise but with arms and re-
lief supplies. Churchill has cau-
tiously endorsed Franco; Stalin
flay the Falange and offers old to
the Spanish Maquls and others
seeking removal of the Fascist
government. We’re just wondering.
EMERGENCY CONGRESS

Demanding that the United Nu-
tions abolish Nazi lows and prac-
tices of antl-Semltlsm, the World
Jewish Congress held its first war-
time scsslon at Atlantic City, with
300 delegates from more than 40
nations. Survivors of the massacres
in Europe urged vengeance on both
Germany and Jews who voluntarily
return to Germany, but this was a
minority opinion. The Congress
urged lc'vul trials of war criminals
to stem the spread of international
gungstcrlsm.

 

Principles and Authority

Last Tuesday night Residence Council, which is
composed of the presidents of the various group
houses on campus, and the Housing Committee,
made up of members of the faculty, met to discuss
the question of women’s hours. The specific point
in question was the extension of permission so that
men would be allowed to stay in group houses

0 after 12 and until 1 when the women’s hours were

over. The procedure has been that, while women
may stay out until 1, they may not stay in their
group houses with dates after 12.

The students presented their arguments first.
They cited the fact that it is infinitely better that
one entertain a date in the living room than on
the front steps or in the nearest bar. They pointed
out that any noise or disturbance attendant upon
having dates in the house after 12 would not be
undue since the same situation now occurs up to
that hour. Finally they pointed out that the house-
mothers were, in the main, for the extension of the
permission.

The Housing Committee then presented their
arguments and refutations of the points previously
made. They stated that the extra hour was original-
ly granted because it was often impossible for
women to be back in their houses by 12 after going
to the movies. They stated that dates in the house
after 12 were a disturbance to the other members
living in the group house. Finally they stated that
it was unfair to the housemothers who are supposed
to chaperon.

Thus the petition presented by Residence Coun-
cii was defeated.

At the meeting a member of the Committee stated
that such a procedure as we have just described
was democratic. The movement to extend the hour,
originally presented as a petition by Residence
Council had been democratically considered by the
Committee and after due consideration rejected by
them.

The Committee members were undoubtedly sin—
cere in their objections to the extension of the hour.
However, it seems that their arguments did not
adequately refute those presented by Residence
Council. It was pointed out that hours here are
much more lenient than at many other colleges and
that women here should consider themselves lucky.
However, we do not feel that that is an adequate
reason for refusing to grant the request of the
students. The question did not concern the hour
but how the hour was spent. It would seem that the
front steps or a bar is not the most desirable place
for the hour. That, however, is just what the re-
fusal of the petition implies.

This, perhaps, is a small question to write an
editorial about. However, to be trite, it is the
principle of the thing. We do not feel that anything
was gained by such a meeting as was held last
Tuesday night nor that the Housing Committee
presented the kind of an argument that could back
up their decision. We are willing to be convinced,
but by logic.

 

ST ATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

Vol. XXIX December 1. 1944 No. 10
Member Iii ‘lrlhui
.\.~l.~'m'i:lillil ('ollcglulo I'I‘oss (.‘oill-Iriulo [Thrust
l“|n- lllllii'l'gi'lltilllllll m-wupopor of tho New York sum.»
Iolil'L’i' IoI' lent-burs; puhllslimi uvvry li‘rlduy of lilo (‘01-
mn- your by the NEWS llonrll for the Sludonl r‘NSfH'lll'

lion. Phones: Office, 5-9373; Meyers, 12-1337: Ilrury, 2727.313.

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING 5'
National Advertismg Service, inc.
Col/ego Publishers Ifclirermmiiuc
420 MADISON A‘IE. NEW YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' ﬂosvou ' Loo Auclua - SAN FRANCISCO

 

The News Board

DOROTHY M. MEYERS
SUNNA E. COOPER j
EDNA M. MARSH 
LOIS DRURY .

DOROTHEA SMITH
JOAN HYLIND
JOAN BERBRICH
ELIZABETH O'NEIL

EDITOI'I-IN-CHIEF
CO-MANAGING EDITORS
BUSINESS MANAGE”
CIRCULATION MANAGE"
SPORTS EDI [OR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

"twin: 2

All commuulvulions should Iu- llfllil'l'irilii lo o i '

"l‘il'I! S’i‘h’l‘l‘l i‘l)l.l.li(ilil NEWS Ililillilllfli'i 1H)llliuuiiillllfl’ilililll‘lg
Ill opinions rxprruslul lu Ila columns or communil-ulions
unis! be signed. Mun-s will in- withhold upon request
no sm-h l-xpl’l'sslous do not noccs‘surlly rol‘loct Ila vlow. .

STA‘IE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER '1, 1944

 

Religious Clubs

Slate Programs;

Jones To Speak
SCA Will Feature

intercultural Program ,-

Hoici Fresh Elections

SCA will hold its regular meeting
December 6 at 7:30 P. M. in the
Lounge with Christmas festivities
high-lighting the evening’s pro-
gram.

An intercultural Christmas pro-
gram has been planned in which
students will discuss Yuletide cus-
toms in foreign countries. Dressed
in native costumes of the various
countries, the entertainers will
speak at times in foreign lan-
guages and recite poetry to add
interest to their talks.

Countries Represented

Participants in the program and
the different countries represented
are: Anita Ziegler, ’45, Switzerland;
Marguedite Rowchaud, '45, France;
Marianne Davis. '46, Hungary;
Nellie Glod, ’46, Poland; Lore
Kuhn, ’46, Germany; Mary Strip-
has, ’46, and Jennie Drivas, ’47,
Greece; Joan Alverson, ’47, Hol-
land; Trudy Kasper, '47, Lithuania:
Pauline Peterson, ’47. Denmark;
Sheila Watkins. ’47, Wales, Janet
Inglehart, '47, Ancient Home.

Dr. and Mrs. Standing are chap-
erones for the evening. Refresh-
ments will be served.

SCA Frosh Club has scheduled
election of officers for December 6
in the Lounge before the general
meeting. Today is the deadline for
nominations which should be sub-
mitted to Eleanor Hayeslip, ‘45, or
Mary Casey, ’46.

SCA will also hold its annual
Christmas Chapel, December 10 in
the Unitarian Chapel. Committee
in charge includes Helen Aspiron,
Jean Heginger, Shelia McGinnis,
Ruth Seelbtck, Alice Williams, and
Shilrley Williams, freshmen.

Jones Addresses Newman Club

Dr. Louis C. Jones, Assistant
Professor of English, will speak at
the Newman Club meeting Decem-
ber 7 at 8 P. M. at Newman Hall.

The talk will include a reading
and discussion of two chapters on
“Irish and Italian Ghosts" from
the folklore book which Dr. Jones
is writing. Much of the material
has been collected from State grad-
uates and attending students who
have taken Dr. Jones’ Folklore
course.

Everyone is invited to attend the
program. Benediction is at 7:30
PM. in Newman Chapel for mem-
bers.

Bishop Speaks on Allies

State College students have been
invited to attend a meeting on
December 3 at 8 PM. in the
Cathedral of All Saints at Elk and
South Swan Streets.

Rt. Reverend G. Ashton Oldham,
Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of
Albany. will speak on “Our British
Allies in Wartime."

Bishop Oldham, President of the
World Alliance for International
Friendship and a leader in the
Foreign Policy Association, has just
returned from seven weeks abroad
during which he visited American
troops, conferred with Prime Min-
istcr Winston Churchill and eccles-
iastical lenders in England and
Scotland. as well as with leaders of
the Russian Church.

The offering at the service will
be donated to the Red Cross.

Campus Chest Results

(Coulium'd from pug/c I, column .‘il
heads and cunvusscrs ri-nlly worked
hard and results show It. Betty Ruse
Diamond, '46, was in churuc of Pub~
llciiy; Georgette Dunn. ’46. faculty;
Mnrlunnc Davis and Mary Siruub,
Juniors, und Bernice Cohen, '47.
cxtru uclivliivs; Pulricin Fcchun, ‘40,
commuicrs; Dorothy Knapp, '47, or-
gunizullons: 130in Rose Hill. '47,
gl'uduuic students."

 

podiquw poem

dere ed of nuz

contrary to th stat colige nuz
a big misteak hes bin maid kipi
marsh iz nuthing but crud that
loucks wuz rite. u se i liv at th
colige farm and now im th big
boss in al the aleys becauz im
not ulex. he thawt he wuz prity
smart that boy but he sur did
get it and i dont meen maybe
old uknow gav it to him good.
on account th next hamberg u
bite into thats alex. it wuz to
comftabl in that fireplace at
his house an presto it gives i
think they cal that place the
human slety. anyway that boy
he got wat wuz cuming to him
so smart he tuk all my gurl
frens frum the best fences an
the grek theter an the bleechurs
by th annex wher paul and his
skirt alwaz is specyaly that littl
yelow one with stryps my gurl
i meen. th point is im making 1
aynt alex maybe he Iuks like me
onli im bigger an stronger an
viril-er an i am pettigrew i aynt
so gud on speling an edewoay-
shun like that alex wuz. past
tents on acount he is ded i hope.
but u got to remind im her at th
farm an cney albny hi kids is
her i oney go to stat oncet in
a wile. pardln mi ingllsh.

pettigrew

 

State To Appear
in Who's Who

Vera Kozak, ’45, Director of Press
Bureau, has announced that the
board of Who’s Who Among Stu-
dents in American Univcrtitics
and Colleges have accepted nom-
inations from the following stu-
dents representing State College:
Florence Garfall, Mary Now, Edna
Marsh, Sunna Cooper, Lucille Ken-
ny and Mary Sanderson, Seniors.
This is the only national means of
recognition for students, devoid of
initiation fees and dues.

[)ual Purpose

Such a publication serves a two-
fold purpose. It gives outstand-
ing honor to deserving students
who have displayed merit and ac-
complishment in college, and it
establishes a reference volume of
authoritative information on the
great body of America's leading
college students.

Student Union Pian

(Continued from page 1, column 2)
pledges would be made on a card.
The class of ’44, not knowing our
complete plans but eager to help
toward getting a Student Union,
pledge $2800 through these pledge
cards.

Permanent Committee

“A permanent committee called
the Student Union Committee would
be formed. A group of students to
take care of the collection of the
pledges and files and be responsible
to Student Association on the pro—
gress of the collection would be
formed.

“When the Student Union is to be
erected, an Administrative Commit-
tee will be appointed by Student
Council. This committee will have
n majority of students and several
alumni and faculty. It shall be their
responsibility to run the Union and
their actions shall be guided by
Student Association's opinions.”
Open Meeting

This concludes the Investigating
Committee's report on the suggested
project. Studcnt Council will have
on open meeting for discussion of
the report and any questions Ihc
students may have in regard to the
Student Union. This meeting will
be hold Wednesday night. at 7:30 in
the Lounge. lilvvry student is urge"
lo attend if be Is interested in this
future progruni for State College.
The plan in its entirety will be pre—
sented in the student body In an
assembly program on January 5.

 

 

(‘cuirui

Vacuum Repair Shop

mil-g CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY, N. Y.

PHONE 4-0247

ii. 1‘. iiocikel 8: Son

Pharmacists
ESTABLISHED 1005 PHONE 4-2035
157 CENTRAL AVE.

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

Slates-Men Elect "M ar ch ans, -

Explosion number one 3.

Seven Leaders
To Head Group

“The States-Men have really
started rolling,” said an enthused
member of the newly organized
men at State. As a proof of this
statement, results of the recent
election of officers of the organiza-
tion have been announced and
dates have been set for a Christ-
mas party and a semi-formal
dance, the latter to be held after
vacation. Plans are also in the
making for a States-Men show to
be presented at State Fair next
semester.

The newly elected offICers of the
States-Men are: President, Harry
Inglis, graduate student; Vice-
Prcsident, Philip Lashinsky, ’47;
Secretary, Robert Horseman, '48;
Treasurer, Robert Sullivan, ’46;
Song Leader, James Crandell, ’46;
and Sergeants - at - Arms Harold
Vaughan and Robert Heinan, fresh-
men. With this election of a gov-
erning body, the States-Men has
become a full-fledged College
social organization.

A definite program has been de-
cided upon for the semi-formal,
which is to be held January 13,
Lashinsky was appointed General
Chairman of the affair. Tickets
will be $2 a couple and “stags are
strictly taboo,” according to Lash-
insky. State girls may invite men
from the nearby colleges if they
choose.

Heading the committees for the
dance are: Decoration, Harold
Weber, ’47, and Jim Minor, ’46;
Orchestra, Crandell; Publicity,
Robert Loucks, '45; Tickets, Joseph
Palevsky, ’46, and Art Kaufman,
‘47. The time and place of the
dance have not yet been deter-
mined.

”We’re expecting a big turn-out
and want to see State swing and
sway the college way on January
13!” exclaimed Lashinsky.

Tentative plans have been made
for a festive, all-male Christmas
party to be held within the next
two weeks.

Pi Gamma Mu
Will Hear Corey

Albert Blckmore Corey, State
Historian and prominent speaker
of this city, will speak at the Pi
Gamma Mu meeting on December
5 at 3:30 PM in the Lounge.
Corey has chosen for his subject,
“What a State Historian Does—
Inlteresting, Highlights of My
Work.”

Professor Corey was born In
Madras. India, on December 1'7,
1898. He attended Baldwin Boys’
High School in Bangalore. India.
and received an extensive educa-
tion in several universities, finally
earning his Ph.D. in 1934 at Clark
University. Since then he has in-
structed history and economics in
universities and was head of the
history and government department
at St. Lawrence University.

He is hailed as the originator
and organizer of the biennial con-
fel'clicos on Canadian-American
affairs which are held jointly by
St. Lawrence University and
Queen's University, Kingston, On-
trio, under the auspices of the
Carnegie Endowment for Intel'-
nutionnl Pence.

Corey also is the author of "The
Crisis of 1830-42 in Canadian-
Amcrican Relations" and co-edlted
“Proceeding of Conferences of Can
ilfililll-AlllCl‘lelll Affairs.“

Everyone interested is invited to
uttcnd the lecture.

I GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP,

BOULEVARD

 

'l‘ry ()ur liusiuosmuun’s Lunch

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

The stampede is on! It all start-
ed when someone set the bomb' un-

der War Activities Council. and this

bomb hasn't stopped exploding
since. ‘

The first explosion—BOOM—and
the Stamp Booth was all decked
out in a new coat of paint. It has
risen from the hole-in-the-wall
that it used to be to its present
position —— now it is a real eye-
catcher.

WAC To An
in City Canvass

Council Prints Results

OI Student Stomp Day

After an overwhelmingly success—
ful drive for student registration in
war work, War Activities Council
is continuing its active program for
the year. Chairman Marie Liebl,
'46, has announced that State Col-
lege will participate in the Sixth
War Loan Drive by canvassing the
19th Ward of Albany for War Bond
pledges. Miss Liebl also stated
the success of the old clothes drive
for Russian War Relief and the
registration for O.P.A. assistants to
volunteer at the local board. She
reported, too, that Stamp Day
resulted in the sale of $168.80 in
war stamps.

At a recent Blue Star Brigade
meeting, War Council representa—
tives volunteered to enlist the ser-
vices of State students in can-
vassing the 19th Ward to obtain
War Bond pledges. Six captains
Were appointed to direct this work
and they will have under them
approximately twenty students
each of whom will cover different
sections of the Ward. The cap-
tains are: Ann Cullinan, ’47, Celena
Axelrod, ’47, Gloria Rand, ’48, Dor-
othy Skelton, ’48, Ruth Osborne,
'48. Marietta Hanley, ’47.

Movies describing the work of
the O.P.A. Board in communities
all over the country were shown
on Monday afternoon to those
students who signed up to do vol-
unteer work for the Local O.P.A.
Board. Approximately fifty stu-
dents attended the movie and, with
this added knowledge of the work-
ings of the Board, they will soon
begin their jobs as ASsistant Price
Panel directors.

 

Student Council
Posts Constitution

Student Council constitution has
been revised by Student Council
and will be posted on the News
bulletin board for student associa-
tion members to read. Florence
Gar-fall, '45, President of Student
Association, has stated that the
changes are minor ones, but should
be noted by all students.

Plans were made at the council
meeting Wednesday night to place
a permanent chart in the Com-
mons listing all school organiza-
tions and their heads.

Constitution committee of Stu-
dent Council, headed by Cecile
Goldbcrger, '45, has requested that
all groups receiving aid from the
Student Tax fund hand in their
constitutions to the committee for
approval as soon as possible.

Plans for the Student Union were
also discussed at the meeting, a
report of the investigating commit-
tee is included in another part of
this issue.

DIAL 5—1913

OAFETERIA

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

mere drop-of-a-pin as compared
with number two. Literally mil-
lions of new Jobs were opened. so
that everyone could be doing his
bit. Now. instead of staying with-
in the 4 walls of the college, State
was reaching out a helping hand
to the city of Albany.

Black markets beware! Sherlock
Holmes has nothing on the CPA
snoopers from State College. Has
anyone noticed a shortage of am-
ateur detective books? Well e
answer rests with these 11 tie
sleuths—their homework.

Another field opened in the sec-
ond explosion was canvassing for
the Sixth War Loan Drive. It’s
just too bad for anyone who doesn’t
want to buy an extra bond with
these patriots on their trail.

As Marie Liebl, '46, Chairman of
War Activities Council, predicted,—
“Since this is the first time State
has participated in a War Bond
Drive, naturally the goal will be
surpassed by about 200%.”

G. |. Bill of Rights

(Continued from page 1, column 5)

drawing at other times during the
semester will be rated according
to their individual grades and con-
ditions.

Credit and Programs

Three dominant principles will
guide the committee in recom-
mending credit and in advising
choice of programs. They are:

1. That maximum credits will be
recommended, consistent with a
sound college curriculum.

2. That qualifying examinations
will be give nin many cases, and, if
some important points of a subject
have not been covered, directed
study or tutoring may be provided
until the gaps have been filled.

3. That in some cases it may be
possible to enter an advanced
course and by excellence of achieve-
ment qualify for credit assigned
to both elementary and advanced
work.

The committee feels that the
above precautions are necessary be-
cause “you (the returning veteran)
want to get a valid abchelor’s
degree and do not want a shoddy
program that may embarrass and
disappoint on some future day
when it will be too late to correct.
We wish to help you in every way
possible but will not sell you a
counterfeit college degree."
Education Takes Limelight

The G. I. Bill of Iights is one
section of the educational program
that the national government has
been sponsoring since the begin-
ning of World War II. Today in
foxholes on every wor front thou-
sands of American servicemen are
continuing their education via cor-
respondence courses. These courses
range from English Literature and
Philosophy to fundamental train-
ing in typewriting, and vocational
training. Exams are given at the
completion of each course and
earned credits will often be appli-
cable to high school or college
degrees.

 

6000 FOOD

In a Friendly,
Comfortable

Atmosphere

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

 

 

 

