          

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- s  icotttct’  
 i » Eluiiil‘gilcd Mum's
’ av; of. out of am

 

I _ A No.5

I -  Member Distributor
Associated;(‘ollegliite I'ress Collegiate Digest
l‘h‘e iniuorgrluiuutc newnpnper of the New York State
College for Teachers; published every Friday of the Col-
Vlege your by the NEWS Board for the Student Associa-
tion. Phones: Oﬂice, 5-0313: Meyers‘, 24337; Drury. 2-2752.

v61. xim’r, 5 October 13. 1944

 

llﬂlfilNYlD you union“ ADVIITIIINC Iv‘
National Advertising Service. Inc.
College Publisher: Repumktlw
,. C20 MAoIcoN A'II. Ncw YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO 0 none: 0 to: Ann." ' sun Funcuco‘

 

The News Boar
DOROTHY M. MEYERS - .
SUNNA E. COOPER
EDNA M. MARSH I
LOIS oaunv - -
DOROTHEA SMITH -
JOAN HYLlND .
JOAN acnamcu . .
MARION ausrow . -
ELIZABETH O'NEIL . .

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
(IO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

 2

 

Ali communications should be addressed lo the editor and
The S' i‘ ‘

l‘ATE COLLLGD NEWS assumes no responsibility

for opinions expressed in its columns or coinmunleniJons
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
no such expressions do not. nocos‘surlly reflect its View.

Bid . . . Don’t Pass

Trite. Somewhat absurd. A target for ridicule.

After years of ranting and worrying,.words de-
ploring lack of class and school spirit are dead
words. Such an apathy hurts a college, but the
mjury is a superficial one, and can leave the school
unscarred when life is resumed.

There is another lack of spirit that is far worse—
for it is more than skin deep. It is strong enough
to kill. This is the lack of interest in everything
that has been mounting in State for several years
and that threatens to reach an all-time high. this
year.

State College has fine facilities for extra-curri-
cular activities. The raw material is supposedly of
the highest possible calibre, for State has always
possessed among its student body the most intelli-
gent and capable leaders of high schools from all
over the state. Motivation is obviously strong—-
high school teachers are expected to direct school
plays, supervis‘e student newspapers and coach de-
bating teams. Besides these, there is the natural
desire of any red-blooded youth to be an intimate
part of some major college activity.

There are your cards, State students—within
your grasp you hold what is reverently known to
bridge devotees as a slam. Let’s see what your
plays have been so far. . . .

Last year Debate Council after a period of hiber-
nation awoke. Nearby colleges were contacted.
Several debates were scheduled and taken-off. In-
terest began to rise. The natural result should have
been a well-trained, fast—operating varsity, with
enthusiastic and hard-working squads to back them
up. instead, Debate Council is imminently near
last year’s low. The cause does not necessarily lie
with the leaders. Within the Sophomore and fresh-
man classes must rest a good deal of speaking and
oratorical talent—but debating mcans‘ work and
effort and a little time.

Last month Alf) plunged to its death amid great
gnashing of teeth and loud wailing. The future of
dramatics in State threatened to follow the depres-
sionistlc career of debating—but it was saved, tcm~
porarily at least, by a group of drama lovers. A
Dramatics Club, a completely student project, was
organized and is now planning semi-annual plays
and regular work in the field of stage-craft, acting,
and other fields of the drama. All one can say to
this infant group is “Hang on~--Statc needs you!”

Old-timers returning to State stare with dismay
at the P.O.----—whcrc a blanket of silence seems to
smother activity; at the Commons ——— where one
couple is dancing, and one group playing bridge,
and where there are numerous vacant places.

Last year’s Primer was a living example of the
result of this indifference. in a college where
would-be writers abound, little material was handed
in and the quality of the material that was printed
was in some cases shamefully poor. it could only
be due to laziness and lack of interest.

The defense cry thus far has been “The men are
gone.” For years, women have battled for equal
rights. Equal rights take with them the responsi-
bility of equal duties. if the women of State can-
not take up college life and activity and make the
machinery click as well as it (lid when there were
men around, then State’s women deserve to be
relegated to the cloistered existence of the pre-
suffrage female.

 

  

To The Editor:

“All , unorganized rivalry will
henceforth be prohibited.” This
caused a great deal of excitement
and difference of opinion in the
freshman class. We have undertaken
to review some of the opinions, both
pro and con. .

Some of us think rivalry is won-
derful because it gives real spirit to
the college. When we first came to
State, it seemed practically the same
as high school. After one or two
evenings of rivalry, such as we had
at the dorms, college took on a new
light. The sophomores, of course,
were much more experienced in
rivalry than We, but it didn’t take
long for us poor, weak fresh to learn.

We supporters of rivalry also think
its .3. bush-cl of fun. It’s one sure way
of meeting those classmates of ours
and sticking together with them. We
feel its a shame to deny us the fun
former classes have had. Its loads of
fun parading up the street shouting
at the top of our lungs trying to
drown out the Sophs and meeting in
our rooms to plan a new surprise
attack on our rivals. Harmless in-
formal rivalry can do more good than
harm, in our opinion. It. can rouse
up our class spirit and make us live

 
 
 

H stars conic: Mews. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1:, 1944

Communications-'4

college outside of the buildings.

We who oppose unorganized rivalry
say this: just imagine yourselves
in our position. We walk home from
school trying to figure out how we
are ever going to complete the
assignments due the following day.
When we get there, we are greeted
by finding all our clothes piled in
the middle of the floor, both closets
and bureaus empty. The disorder
created uses up a good hour’s time,
but. we don’t mind too much. Just
as we have settled down to serious
study, three or four sophomores rush
into the room and begin pulling us
to the showers for a dunking.
,.~.In normal times, we would be
ardent; fans of rivalry. organized or
indiscriminate. We believe that in
war-time a definite limit should be
set and a standard maintained by
the rival classes. Destruction of
property and the useless waste of
time seem utterly infantile and
pointless in the face of the present
national crisis.

In spite of the wide differences
of opinion on organized rivalry, all
the frosh agree that to take all
rivalry from State would be like
taking Minerva away from Draper.

Idie-Wonderers

 

salad/a

 

J. T.

It is unfortunate that civilians
see little of the news as it is handed
out to the G15 overseas. We can
turn twenty-four pages every morn-
ing, choose the stories we prefer to
read, read an editor’s ideas and
speculations, and we know what's
going on. Still we miss much of the
battle’s heat, the seriousness. the
drama that is squeezed into two or
four pages of a serviceman’s news.
There’s little room to waste a
pleasantry like “slight resistance" or
smile upon pounding a city till the
enemy shouts surrender.

The last week of September, The
Stars and Stripes ran an editorial
around a picture for the Armed
Forces in the European Theater to
read. The theme was not a new one
nor the picture a masterpiece of
horror. But there is poignancy and
a message. The GIs needed such
a reminder much less than we; a
similar scene belonged to their ex-
periences and they kept the words
inside themselves . . .

Beside a narrow road in trampled
grass are the bodies of three soldiers,
left behind but remembered. On

each there are fresh wild flowers,»

and standing over them is a civilian

with flowers in his arms. And
around the picture, a headline, “It’s
Not As Easy As It Reads" and the
words:

"When you read about town after
town, falling into our hands, you
sooner or later get into the frame of
mind that it's easy . . . Well, here’s
how easy it is.

“These three Yanks were killed
taking a place called Troyes. Ever
hear of it? Neither had we.

“Anyway, it. was taken. ‘Nice
going,‘ we said when we read about
it. The boys are really rolling.’

“These boys' rolling days are done.
The town they took so ‘easily’ was
the last town they’ll ever see. The
rest of their outfit moved on to the
next town—and took that, too. And
the next—and the next. And in
every town there are a few GIs
like these left by the roadside.

“Maybe this picture ought to be
stuck inside every helmet liner in
the ETC, and every Stetson in the
States. Then every time we gloat
over the headlines and take off our
Skimmers to put ourselves on the
head—we’d see these Joes who were
hit by the silver platter on which the
Nazis handed us Troyes.”

 

 

'. I
- .. Milfri'ﬁh' , '
s \‘
“awn. .- 
a "

1....
'~--.

l " 1'
.> If '.I r
,' I,', ‘.,f
.' ' "."lnll'f’JIf'
‘ v ’ |.i' 1‘
lSpﬂCHfril " i I . i
r 51"];Iyl/f‘u.hy‘ 1— “um I”: u
f with . . 
- M

bylaw 'v"‘lu " all? 'nv-
natty/l It») lviiriril'
l‘ lii‘lﬂ'l.‘ ‘ l l'

      
    

     

     

   

      

n

I a, ,1. ’/‘,I' '
till/ill gulf/34', r’l ’lf'aill."lf'l./],fon .,

 

     
 
 
  
 
 
     
    
   
   
   
  

. © EHQUIIIE. "46.. "Ml
Reprinted from the November trace of Esquire.

“We made it"

 

ill"

I I I
.‘l.‘- 1/. “up”!

u
fl ,1! '. '
ill"-,'r.l' ’ ' '

 

':hliill'llulif‘.‘h it

Mr lfl” eh
, (If) ' I \ h

,, Ili/f-Wd‘lii/ll‘lf . 

 

 

Ma

r}?

 

T0 WRIT

-—by KII’PY MARSI

 

 

Ah, here comes Mrs. Takas, the columnist’s delight;
. . . always has some stray tidbits . . . the broad smile
means that her husband Andrew has just. been made

Communications Officer

that’s somewhere in

France . . . Also overseas Pvt. Ruth Mines of the WAGS
. . . Ben Reed and Bill Tucker received commissions
about four weeks ago and are now attending Rcservo
Officers School at. Quantico, Virginia . . .

EIEMPRE SOLDIERS

Word via Lt. Lou Greenspan. somewehre in the
Netherlands East Indies, that Madelyn Beers is in New

Guinea

. . . Lou tells that “it hasn’t rained in two

nights and we miss it for our supply of wash water
l'rain'dropping off our tents into . . . drums) is getting
low and if that runs out we have to use the shower
room with its water tasting of coral. (It Stinksr.

Here at: school we have Sgt. George Kunz. to be on
hand for the coming festivities at which many of
the class of '44 are planning to attend . . . and Stolboi'
. . . Greenherg from the North Atlantic . . . A short word
from Johnny Ricardo in India and Brooks Roberts who

is at MIT . . .
THE HOME FRONT

There is a term that historians use to describe appar-
ently unrelated, unexplainable currents. They call it tho
“temper of the times." Under a deluge of reports that
“the Americans call upon the Germans to surrender :ll
Aachen” and “Russian troops surround the East Pruu~
sian port of Memcl,” there is apt to be little analysis

of a shift in emphasis.

When the headlines blazon

forth news of a new Allied gain and another article
stated that the mayor asks a ban of liquor on V-E
Day the insignificant fact that a Congressman an—
rzounces in an interview that the United States “not
only won’t collect anything for lend-lease aid given to
Great Britain but probably will be billed for aid given
it by the British” seems rather unimportant. “I hate
to mention it" says this Representative, "but I saw
an official English statement that the British are
keeping a record of all man-hours of labor used to
move American troops and equipment and that it is
going to be charged against us when the war is over."

NATIONAL CRISIS

A front-page article announces that Dewey will
devote a campaign speech exclusively to foreign
affairs, the topic being, “This Must Be The Last War."
It eems comparatively insignificant then. that another
page should devote a paragraph to “Mr. Stalin is
sitting in the saddle at; the moment," that it should
continue, “Probably no national leader has ever held
so many cards as Mr. Stalin who generally plays them
practically.” One might call it a study in contrasts.

We should like to present only one more analogy.
In the last section of the paper is an article with
the headline, “64 Plants Menaced by Strike Talk."
Says the article, “Officials of the Mechanics Eduea-
tional Scolety of America (independentl stood firm
today on their threat to tie up 64 war plants in
Ohio, Michigan and New Jersey." Mr. Patterson
sent. a telegram to the effect that “the government
of the United States will not be coerced by any
group, nor will it allow any group to place the
lives’of our fighting men overseas in additional
peril.’ Another article states that “company officials
and union representatives are scheduled to confer with
federal and state conciliators and U. S. Navy officers
today in an attempt to settle the two-day strike of
nearly 4,000 workers at. the Bethlehem Steel Companv’s
Fore River Shipyard." And right across the page is
3 story, exactly the same length commenting that
American soldiers have largely ceased speculating

about the end of the war in Europe.

. . ‘They're too

busy fighting’.” While schools are urged to hold V~E
Day services the Yanks unanimous opinion was that
there was hard fighting ahead."

While United States citizens sit Ilued to thci' radios
waiting for the latest report on Ibo Europcah fight.
the future leaders of the “new world," which is to
evolve from this struggle, plot for their countries and
101‘ themselves. seeing new vistas of power and conquest

for the leaders with vision.

The theory that war was lost because a To oral
dcctdcd to take a bath may be a little far-folclijcd1 but
it isonly too little recognized the importance of
seemingly unrelated and unimportant events. They
are the weather-vane which has ceased to predict
accurately, put out of service by a gale which has
threatened to exterminate the world.

The Weekly Bulletin—

ill'i. ll ('umpus iiuy.
l-‘nll Scluululu:
ill .\.

v .‘I. Slililidi‘l'mill
women s rivalry sports on
Page i‘ll-Ill.

ll! . . M. ~ Sophvil‘rosh
Illi'il a rivalry sports on

Page i‘ll-Ill.
I i‘.l:llll--l'i:.'ill l’. .\l. - III\‘iIll‘.\'
ounm-r Iilllii.

vii-‘il :30 l'. ii.»--«(.‘rownlng
.‘i i ninpus Queen and Soph-
l'rouh rlvulry ukiiu in Page
llull ululllorluul. Dancing
follows Ill tho gym.

IIi‘I. Ill. 17, IS l'l-liugogul-
plvlnros will ln- llllil'ii lo [Ill'
Hill .\|II|('X l'l'onl ll .\. .\l. in
l i'. M.

(It‘l. 17 Nolvmun i‘lilll
I'li‘liii' Ill lull-k ol’ Newman
iluil. Hiul'ls ul Milli I'. M.

und lilo |iI‘I(‘l! Is iii-i l't'lllii.
lli'f. co III‘iIliIIIlII't-l and
Arts i'ouuvll presents liuiil
lirupor. i'umoll l'IIiii'iIl’li‘l'
iii'll'l‘HH. in Page liull lllliil~
lol'luul ut 8:30 P. M. ’I‘llskois'
Iii'o $1.00, reserved souls
$2.00. Hiulll-nts mimlllrll
with siuuonl iux tickets.

 

 

State Colleges’ Officers

To Meet For

Convocation

 

Stuart Chosc Speech
To Terminate Gathering

Faculty members of the various
State Teachers’ College will gather
Thursday at 9:30 A. M. in Chancel-
lors Hall to participate in the 79th
Convocation of the University of the
State of New York. This convoca-
tion will last for two days and will
be terminated on Friday with an
address by Stuart; Chase. an eminent
economist. “Mobilizing Community
Resources to Strengthen and to
Expand the Scope of Education" is
the theme of this year’s meeting.

There will be luncheons on Thurs-
day when the different, departments
will meet individually at. the Welling-
ton and De Witt Clinton Hotels.

At 4:30 P.M. the same day Incin—
bers of the association are invited
to attend a reception and tea at
the Albany Institute of History and
Art. At this time there will be in-
cidental music by Frederick Wol-
insky, '47. The following art students
will not as guides for members
of the Association: Catherine Huvar
and Athena Demos, graduate stu—
dents; Babctte Davis, Martha Joyce,
Leah Tischlcr, Sunna Cooper, and
Betty Howell, Seniors; Jane Becker,
Margaret Fcehan, and Patricia Foc-
han, Juniors. These guides will
point out the exhibits at the Insti-
tute.

Secondary School Convention

At 9 A. M. the Convention will
move into Page Hall, at which time
the professors will again gather for
a general meeting, and important
issues will be presented. At 9:30
groups will assemble for further dis-
cussion.

Dr. Charles Stokes, Professor of
Music, and Mrs. Stokes will present
a short musical program including
Romlmcc (l’Ambi'Os-io, from The
leebralr by Samuel Gardner. Dr.
George Stoddard, Commissioner of
Education, will then introduce the
principal speaker, Stuart Chase, who
will close the meeting with an
address entitled “After the War~
What?"

Dr. Edith Wallace, Professor of
Greek and Latin, has been named
Chairman of the program of the
New York Association of State
Teachers' College Faculties. Assist-
in Dr. Wallace on program arrange-
ments are Dr. Ellen Stokes, Dean of
Women, Dr. Ralph Clausen. Pro—
fessor of Science, Dr. Elizabeth
Morris, Professor of Education, Dr.
Minnie B. Scotland, Professor of
Biology, and Dr. Watt Stewart; Pro-
fessor of Social Studies, all of State
College; Dr. Green of Gonosco; and
Dean Lewis of Plattsburg.

__d_...__.

Dean's List

(C(IIIfIIlI.tf."-l- ,‘roiit pug/c I, column 2)
III'i'Ii. licnn ill-iniu', I‘llizuln-Ih Howell.

.Ionn li_\'|iull, Marian lx‘lol'k. Anita
imono. Illulil'il'l» .\IIIiil‘.~', .Iill'qlll‘lliil‘
.\lonl;_-'oluor,\', Mary Now. Lolly I’illliiil
il-l-l', .loun (Jillllll. iIl‘II'li liaull'oiil.
l\';llul<-l-u Iii]!]ll'l)1'.|. Iii'nli'lr‘v li;l_\'luon.
.\Il(‘i‘ Iiili'llllll', lilllnl'l-S‘ IIliIilli‘, .\l:ll'
glll-I'iio ltolu'llnrll, t‘luru Iii'lll-r. Mar
;.',:ii'l‘l Sl-hloil. l‘luirl- l‘i'li\\':il'l'l..'.\lill
"'lll'l’l Spyil'ul'i, (ii‘ill‘l' l‘llillllf“ .Ikl‘IJlII-l
Sizlvsski, .Illilli Hmilli. I'll)'lll> Mlylll-r.
Marlon Hollie. .\I£ll'lIl.I Sprvugl-r. .Illn;|ili
illv- Ii.lli'llll'. .\I.l|",l:ll‘i'l Mall-x l-.l~ll-
‘ 'lim. Iii'l'll'lllll' \zliiuwll’}... I
“(lll'llnls of liiili: l'Isilwl' .\lIil:lL'lil. \lii
ill'l~ll .\ll\'l‘I|ll\‘lil. .lozlu Iil'I‘III'II'II, \Iili'l
llll lll:ll<l~, Sylvia liol'ok, II:li"l'II:l
iirlnlunun, l‘.1rui.\n Iii‘liiillli. liuilr (as
mlvnul, ‘zlulilu- l‘II'vl-u, ltuill lolvrn.
|"|o|'.l l'lliil'd. .\l:ll'gl-I')‘ i‘rnllu-l', Mull
Illllli' II.l\'i.~. l-lllzzlln-ill iiorluxlu, l<|lzu
Iil'lli l-‘nllsl. l’uil'il-in I"i'l'Iiilil. Vhliii)
I“i'il\\'l(‘l\‘. lloln-l'i I“I‘i'|II'I', .Il'illi I'l'l‘I‘IS.
Nollie (llml, Virginia firm-union, .lvan
lil'il'l'iu. l'rlsrlllu IIIIII‘S, Mary ‘lln-Iu-lt.
(‘lnrn illll, iioloro.» Xli\'iil:, Iilil'ls |\n-.~.
ltolu-rln .Iilllh‘iili. Sonya bullish, 
Ix'uspl-I', Sulnlu Ix'rl-islu-I'u', Mural lxllk-
ltI-I'. Mnl' l.:lorl- l\'llllu, Iil‘\i'l'l_\' Link.
.\lol'\' I‘lII'MIIil'IIi l.ol“uro, Mill'lun Ilillllih
iwl'v Iii‘iII'RI‘IIl' I.tl\'l'('li,\', Nuolul Marlin.
.lulin-s Minor, l'llim-n Moody, I'l'IIVlI
Nllgor. l’llyllls U'i‘onuol'. lllnlu'ln- III‘I'I\"
or. Morgan-l i'olll. .\l|u:l Iiuﬁl'l.‘ (in.
“Will IIIISMD, .Iultn SltxlIIl-n. .‘IlIlIi‘ Swirl.
ltolwl'iu Van .\lllil'l|. I‘lliI'l'Ill' \\l‘li\'i'l.
.Ii‘illl \\'|llino_\'. .\Ili't' \\'ulll. I
('Ilihh of Hill: .loull .\|vl-r.~'oll, .\Iil‘
iII'l‘lI llurnurd, ltulll iii-Illioi', lull-aunt
l‘. iilnn, Audra-y liupp, .lulin lio,\l-r.
IIIiilI i‘upulu, ’i'lu-lnln i‘arlsou, I‘II'II'II
l‘uuu'lirun, I‘llIWlil‘lI IIIIIII‘II.‘II1|I||III,\
liiili'. .\illlu livlogy'o. I'illi‘lil'lil (Il'IIlilI-
villll. Marilyn iiol-Inr, Louis-u Murillo,
.lvun llollglliy. Slol'i'l I'lIll'IIi'II,‘ Lois
I"ll|nluu, llorln-l'l I"lll'lI. I’llliiil'l' (midi-n,
Annulil- (iordou. Kuihorlm- (lruvos,

liluul'lu- lluii, I'lllzulu-lh lluwll-y, Lulu‘u
IIl'i‘I‘lllllilf'il, lioroihy IIIiliIIIf, Sully
IIiiIllii'N, hols iiolsicln, Alulu lluglws,
.luiu'i luglollurl. ill-rirudo ItilspcrI
Alll'u lx'nupp, Silli'll-y knights, Moll)

 

Stuart Chase

Directory Begins
Annual Contest
For Cover Design

Flo/c Golf: {/11 Bircclory, under the
editorship of Peggy Doc, '45, has
announced lllil,‘ official opening of
the cover design contest for the your
1944-45. This contest is open to all
State students.

l‘):~a.winn;s should be on five by
seven inch paper, and should include
Lac phrases State Collcgc Directory
and 1014-1045. Entries must be given
to Miss Ruth Hutchins, Assistant
Professor of Fine Arts. by next
Wednesday. They will be judged
by Miss l—lutchins and a committee
of faculty members. A prize of $2
will be awarded for the chosen cover
design. Entries will be rated for
style, neatncss, appropriateness, and
originality.

The Directory will be released
before 'l‘hanksgiving vacation. Mem-
bers of the literary staff are Helen
Bushnell, Anita Feinstein, Seniors,
Kit Kendall, Agnes Young, Juniors,
Barbara Crocker, Ann Lucsok, Vir-
ginia Tevcrin, Virginia Tu .ker,
Sophomores, and Kathleen Bell and
Mary Pat Schmidt, freshmen.

The advertising staff is composed
of Mary Curran, ’45, chairman,
Gloria McForran, Ruth Elgio, Lil-
lian Abrams, Juniors, Florence
Moiesky, Janice Goodrich, Phillip
Lzlshinslly, Sophomores, and Phyllis
Witt Penn, '48.

House Ruling Misintcrprelcd

The new ruling instituted by
i-tcsidcncc Council was misinterpret—
:d in last week‘s Nows. instead of
specifying that no man will be
allowed on the dorm porches or
promises after 12 midnight, the rule
states that no senior claiming a
"senior hour" may entertain a man
on the dorm premises or porches
(luring Illa! hour.

Ruth Draper

lColillillurd from page 1, Column I}
Cousl Village, and In lllc Court of
Domes/ir- lcclulious

Miss Sprcnger, when asked to
comment upon this D & A presenta-
tion, stated: "Students should not
miss her sincere and artistic imagery
~—rshe is indeed the greatest artist;
of all time!"

Kruuwr, Pram-us [Join-rump, itulh

l.lll<-nl'l-|d, Shim-y Ml'i’onnl'll, iI‘rnul-vs
\it'l‘orlnivll. I'llizuin-lh .\Il'IIiI\\’i'II, I'llle-
lu-lh Margot, Marianna Nl-lso. itolwl'l
i‘vul'nsv, .\uno i'l-Il-rsou, (ilorlu i'll'oiv»
sill. liosulll' l'oolul'. (it'llt'gl- I'olilos,
Norma I'lllli’llilli, .\|lu-ri IIi'iilI. .ll-un
IIi‘i‘IilI'. luluru ltwll, lllII licyuolcls
liul'ollly Ililll'l', f'llni'lollo Iiosooo.
illuriu Iillsn‘o, .IllHlIiIi- Huger, Aiu'uhum
Sill'i'l'l', t‘onl'l-Ilu Sigilol‘ulll, IIIi‘IIllI'lI i‘.
Hmilll. .lunoiio Soulo, llul'rlol Standish,
\iurlln is‘lcwurl. Mury .\uu Siloglliz,

.lunoi ll, ’i'ruvor, (‘hrlsilno ’l‘l'uuuln,
Virgilllu ’l‘lu'kl-r, \‘li'glulu \’un\’vnukl'n.
(lorhurd Weinberg, Ilorlu-rl. \Velncr,
.lunu-s Whyilu'k, lillounor Willard,
Louise \\’lnlol's, Genevieve Young,
llolon Zlolnblt-o, (‘nlvln leplu.

up of the President and Vice Presi-

Compus Chest
Plons’44 Drive

To Various Charities

The annual Campus Chest Drive
is scheduled for November 10-20.
The committee in charge is made

dent of student Association, and the
presidents of three religious organi-
zations, Student Christian Associa-

S‘IAIE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 19M

Dailies Victimized By Gremlins

 
 

I

In Mailbox, Honor Guard Force

‘ . “Come wiz me to do kesbah. mine 167, 168- 169 . . . Then the music
P'°c¢¢ds To Bc Gwen ia'vely one,” quoth Laahlnsky. The began, tables were abandoned. and

femmes sigh, the femmes faint. the Crimson Tide, Blue Devils,
And plank down their nickels! Green Gremlins, and, Yellow Daffo-
Thusly the shekels rolled in. a this made with the dunes. But not
product of Lothario’s silver tongue. so Casanova Lashinsky and his

’Tis Activities Day of which we partner in crime.
speak and the colossal grand larceny sat themselves down, and with fur-
commltteed by two Soph partners tlve eyes
in iniquity—the greatest crime ever pounds of flesh.
committeed at State! Daffodil after

Ah, no. They

counted their illegal

Again—eureka! Grand total an-

tion, Newman Club and Hillel. This daffodil Sid‘ed "P ‘0 the 00mm“ nouncement. Dairies. is that 180

year’s members are Florence Garfall,
Eleanor Hayeslip, Marguerite Bost-
wick, Harriet Greenberg. Seniors,
and Robert Sullivan, ’46. The com-
mittee has chosen Eileen Moody, ’46,
as Student Chairman, and Miss Ellen

g Stokes, Dean of Women, will be the

faculty adviser.

The purpose of the Campus Chest
Drive is to raise funds which will be
distributed among various charity
organizations in accordance with the
wishes of the student body. Campus
Chest was started in 1941 to do away
v. ith many separate organizations’
collections of funds for charity, since
it seemed wiser to combine all the
collections into one large drive.

Last year, the majority of the
group houses contributed 100% to
the drive. Campus Chest then
amounted to $435.01, of which $25
went to the Infantile Paralysis Fund,
$100 went to the Red Cross, and $310
went to the National War Chest, in-
cluding Greek, Russian, Chinese,
British and other reliefs.

‘45 Goes Dorky;
Total Blackout
Starts 'Big Eight,

“I‘ll be down to get you in a taxi,
honey; better be ready by half past
eight."

Don your best bib and tucker and
shuffle down to the old levee when
the crimson tide presents the great-
est minstrel show in the history of
State on October 28, at ye olde Page
Hall.

Irene Heck and Jo Simon will
slap on the grease paint for their
stupendous end-men roles, while the
dashing Bob Loucks will have the
maidens swooning‘ as the handsome
interlocutor. You all will harken to
a simply southern rendition of the
old favorites when Pat Mulcahey
and Kippy Marsh give their all for
45.

The sensation of the show promises
to be the “Five Chocolate Drops” and
“Mr. Gallagher and Mr. Shean” by
Flo Garfall and Pat Mulcahey. Other
novelty acts will remain a deep,
dark secret until the curtain goes up
on this tremendous turmoil.

Ye lads and lassies of the levee
will shuffle on the stage at 8:30
P. M.

After the minstrcl the ball will
“send us all” with the aid of Sammy
Bruno and his Blue Rhythm Boys-—
living, breathing men of music.

Committees for the Minstrel Show
are: Chorus, Nora Crumm; Publicity,
Helen Bushnell and Leah Tischler;
and Dance, Anita Feinstelu. Pat.
Mulcahey wrote the script, ably
assisted by Josephine Simon, Irene
Hook and Robert Loucks.

 

Pedagouc Pictures

Scheduled Next Week

All Seniors and accelerated
Juniors are urged to sign up for
l’cdugomlc pictures on the sheet
between the mailboxes before Octo-
ber 16. All pictures will be taken
in the Old Annex, and students
must keep the appointments they
have made.

Pictures will be taken on October-
10, 17, 18, but because of vacation
the photographer will not be here
on Thursday and Friday. Appoint-
ments may be made, however, for
next week on Monday throuh Wed—
nesday.

Lucille Kenny, ’45, one of tho
judges for the Pcdagoguc snap-
shot contest abs asked for more
entries. Winners will be announced
at some latoi‘ date. The editors now
hope to release the yearbook by
Moving-Up Day.

dc ri

“bank”

and deDOSlted *1 slender of your tribe contributed exactly $9

buffalo for the “upkeep of the mail- to Wm. Activities Council! But

boxes."

I“ answer to Worried mind, it was a good cause and think

queries, serious upperclassmen nod- of the fu“ you’ll have next year

nnt tinklo

her face.

in the affirmative.
want your mail, pay your nickel."
Name after name was inscribed
on the lengthy sheets and the pleas-
of coins was heard
throughout the Commons. Eureka!
We’ve reached the 165 mark. But
wait. Who goes there? No, no—
it cannot was!
little member of ’46 strolls up and
pays for the mailbox service afford-
ed her, an innocent smile lighting
Incrcduiity is expressed
on the sinful Sophomore's face, but
she takes the slim coin and deposits
it in the treasury without batting an shame. frosh.

It is.

"If YO“ with ’49 . . .

To climax this afternoon of un-
lawful confiscation of othcr’s proper-
ty, such prominent names as C.
Rogers Nielson, Elaine Navy, Paul
Widcm and Rita Shapir‘orappeared
on another “hey gullible” listr—the
f—L‘onor Guard for Minerva. This little
affair proclaimed that frost: Were
desperately needed to guard our be-
loved Goddess from the recurrence of
the various assaults performed on
her of late. And so it. went.

But leave us not blush with no
Your initiation into

A friendly

eyelash. Oh well, the Junior was State is a memory you’l carry with

a transfer . . . .
On and on. far into the afternoon, and did, happen to ’47!

you always, and after all it. could,
Besides,

tumbled the names down the sheet— what's a nickel?

 

Newman Annex Political Groups
Slates Reception Merge Forces

Members of Thomas Moore House,
133 South Lake Avenue, will open
their doors to State students at a
house-warming party Sunday from

3 to 5 RM.

At a recent meeting of Forum
Board, changes in the set-up of the
organization and plans for the
semester were made.

Rosario 'I‘russo, ’45, Speaker of

Thomas Moore House, formal-1y a Forum, announced that Marie Tre-
dormitory for State’s Catholic men, 133550. ’45- Will replace Sunna COODEI‘.

has been occupied this year as an

’45, as a member of the Board. Miss

annex to Newman Hall by twenty- Cooper resigned her position this

two women.

Plans for entertainment at 4 PM.

year.
Miss Trusso also announced the

include an original imitation of the merging of International Relations
trumpet by Carmela Delisio, ’48, Club With Forum. This incorpora-
and songs by Mary Giovano, ’48. tion was made so that the Club will

There will also be dancing.

Martha Dunley, ’47, general chair-
man, has announced the following
Refreshments,
Davis and Eleanor Holbrlg, fresh-
men; Entcrtainmcnt, Margery Pen-
der. ’47, chairman, Veronica Leary
and Charlotte
Reception, Vivian Kronberg, ’47.

Everyone is invited to attend.

committees;

 

Part-Time Work Available

Student who desire outside work

5110U1d register at the Part-Mme of Education, spoke at a meeting of

Yally,

not go out. of existence entirely. It
will be regarded as a sub-committee
of Forum and will carry on its work
Mary independently. Anita Leone, '45, is
temporary Chairman of the Club.

On November 9, Forum will hold
an Election party. Selma Kreisberg‘,
and Judith Gerofsky, Juniors, are
co-chairmen of the affair, and
Eunice Golden, '47, is in charge of
publicity. When more definite plans
are completed. further announce-
ment. about the party will be made
to the student body.

Dr. C. Currien Smith, Professor

freshman ;

Employment Bureau in the Dean of Forum on Wednesday, October 11,

Women’s office.
tutoring and clerking are

work.

Kiddying. house- His topic was racial discrimination.

among the available positions.

Eleven

applicants have been two exhibitions in the

Those desiring to take advantage Art Classes Sponsor
of this service
Stokes or Mrs.
who are in charge of the PTEB.

should see Dean
Annette Ma’seed- Exhibitions In Draper

The Art Department. is sponsoring
coming

placed and Others have been ‘11— month The first will be a collec-
l'cc'ted to JObS' bun “have “0t “3- tion of fall landscapes by Miss Ruth

ported their success or failure. Miss

Hutchins, Assistant. Professor of

Stokes asks that these statements . . I _
n . . . . . Fine Arts, in Room 207 Diapci
be given to the bureau for reconllng from October 16 to 20. The mom

purposes.

 

SE3 Announces Deadline

will be open from 2 to 4 PM. every

afternoon to all those interested.
There will also be an exhibit of

material concerning Art and the

The Student Employment Bureau War. These paintings. chosen by

now has 125

registrants seeking
teaching positions upon graduation

members of the Art 6 class. will
be hung in the second floor corridor

in June. According to Miss Mary of Draper from October 18 to N0-
Albert, head of the Bureau, it, is vcmbcr 1.

vcr imaortant that all Seniors in-
y I the services of SEB arrangement includes Babette Davis

forested in

The committee for selection and

have their reference sheets in by and Dorothy Drnlle, Seniors. and

tomorrow. Fee and folders are due Jane Becker

November 7.

and Lily Shohnn,
Juniors.

 

 

HUSTED BASEMENT

CHOICE OF SALADS OR DESSERTS

SERVING YOU

CAFETEIIIA

SPECIAL SOUP LUNCHEONS

lilac—1:30

 

 

  
 
   

  
  

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

    

