 

 

 

 

I MG: 1

 rm

m

w

—-by men nansn

 

 

SERVICE FLAG

One more gold star will be added to the Service Flag
for Staff Sgt. Glenn Haushalter, who graduated from
this college in 1940. He was killed in action September
17, 1944 in France. He had been previously wounded
in action on August 29, 1944 but had gone back into
combat service . . '. The Service Flag now represents
860 servicemen and has increased its gold stars to 11
which already surpasses the World War I record by
four.

WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE

Now that elections are over and everyone, like the
President may go to bed at twelve-thirty, we can dig
into our bin and dig out some thoughts that were
getting rather dusty. Ever since the Presidential cam;
paign began we have heard the terms “dictatorship,
"communism" and various other epithets which would
indicate among other things that the American people
still object to the slightest hint of a curtailment of
any of their liberties or freedoms. It is even less un-
derstandable therefore that actions go on every day
countenanced by the people themselves which are a
serious menace to the so-called “American Way of
Life.” A most serious example has recently come to
light in the sedition trial held in Washington.

Everyone read with condemnation the stories which
came out of Russia about the mass trials that were
being held in 1936 when defendants were. herded
together and forced to go through a “show” trial. Yet
comparatively few people were even aware of the fact
that in our own courts of justice thirty people were
herded together to undergo trial for “conspiracy to
cause insubordination in the armed forces.” some of
them were infamous, some were with no criminal
records. some had been in jail and some were called
unbalanced by their co-defendants. Yet all of them,
German aliens, professional rabble-rousers and the
insane, together, although some of them had never
seen each other, were lumped together to receive sen-
tence for what finally boiled down to the alleged
crimes that 26 of them had committed separately or in
conjunction.

To utter the word sedition is to wave a red flag in
the face of the American people. It is something
which the average American citizen cannot stomach.
Yet to insure our own liberties we cannot curtail in
any way or deprive the liberties of those who commit
crimes against the very freedom they live under. It
is not a question of the alleged crime or the alleged
criminal. It is simply this: that no real American
citizen should allow, without protest or disapproval, a
“farce” trial to go on in an American court of justice.
Newspapers carried the story of the booing, the catcalls,
the pandcmonium which went on in the courtroom.
Since it is the dignity of human rights which is and
should be upheld in the American courts it is a blot on
our record to have proceedings like those described.

The crimes of the 26 people varied in degree. Yet
how could a fair decision be made when prosecutors
had about 4000 exhibits to offer as evidence, when
jurymcn were expected to remember all the evidence
which might have been presented many Weeks before
a verdict was to be rendered. Eugene Meyer, editor
and publisher of the “Washington Post," which itself
helped to originate the trial, said in an editorial
“ . . . this is a trial of men and women accused of
sedition. not a contest in bcfuddlcmcnt. In our opinion
the trial can continuc its present course only at the
cost of serious impairment of our judicral system and
tire reputation of those responsible for this travcsly."

Sedition or no, criminal or iro, every person accused
of a crime is guarantccd a fair trial in the United
States. In no sense of the word could a trial in which
a defendant is tried by u jury who has been befuddled
by issues concerning lwcnty-fivc other people, be
called fair. It is ridiculous on the face of it.

It is not enough to call it on “unhappy experiment."
It is something that. must ncvcr bc allowcd to happen
again. Furthermore it. is not. enough to say llllll "mass
trials may possibly be successful whcrc lhc issues are
simple and the testimony is brief» -or where lhc Rus—
sian technique of condemning the dci‘cndanls first and
putting on a trial for show is used. But where the
issues are complicated and defendants who have not
been brow~bculcn stand on their dcmocratic rights,
it trial involving more than two dozen individuals is
almost certain to be a fizzle." A fizzle is no word for
it. It cannot I)i.' boiled down simply to success or fizzle.
it is a question of failing to maintain the standards
of justice, integrity and fairness which hitherto the
United States courts have upheld.

The Weekly Bulletin-~

Nor ill I“l'1'hnlllll'll \ov ll lluidllig by
Hulrluillliil't- llm-l,i-y Illlllli' Hulwl'l l“l‘usl :1! Instilqu
on Pugh» lIoii .I"Il‘.III ul ol “mic and .\l'l, hilt! l'..\|
11iltl l',.\l Nov. ill .\llislc l'oiincil

NM.‘ 1" “Mm”, I'm. li'j'ltllls' in lln- i‘omuinns :il
freshman loium-i' from T 'I"'I’ I" M
I“ “:3” Is My .\o\' ll .\Iiilli l‘llili llii‘l‘l

ll" l i i -. .. ,
Nov. lil l‘oniim-i'cc i‘llili 7.3?” I‘lrlﬁmm I” “HI”, H

skating purly Ifll of! MN m VFW“ Huh
“mu.” “Ink “I PM“ “"L llll‘l'lIIlH llI lIoolil ‘Jllil of
Nov. ll inror liurslly llrripl-r iII 7:30 P. .\l.
('lirlsiirin F c i l o w :1 ii I p Nov. l7
monthly rum-ling ilI YWI‘A ltlgli l l“
s") Lodge 51., at H l'..\I. Kn‘ltl I'..\I.

lv‘ncully lilg
l'aigi- Hall in

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1944

“one were... down— "

 

 

 

 

 

Mov.io -'2o
CAMPUS CHEST Drove

T/rc u ’45‘

 

Wall. aaanl‘i

 

ON TO VICTORY

About the time you read this 19
run, Nov. 10! Pres. Roosevelt is
being welcomed back to Washington
for his fourth and probably final
term. A fiery, often lurid, campaign
preceded the heavy wartime ballot-
ing. which both candidates praised
as a tribute to the stability of
democracy. Election returns, both
civilian and military, are too in-
complete for accurate analysis. Yes-
terday, Mr. Roosevelt was sweeping
the electoral college with 413 votes
1118 for Dewey) but these figures are
liable to change. The Democrats
gained 20 seats in the House —
predicted to go Republican —— and
fought to maintain their edge in
the Senate. The soldier vote may
yet decide a number of state con-
tests. Nye, Danaher, Day, Fish and
several other chronic lsolationists
were out.

Some deductions: Most Americans
are confident of FDR as Command—
er-in-Chief and America‘s head en-
gineer in the postwar world confe-
deration. Organized labor, a growing
factor in democratic politics since
the late 19th century, is reaching
maturity as a powerful common
voice in America. Both sides ap-
praise the CIO’s Political Action
Committee as a magnificent. or di-
ubolical, (lepci'rding on your view-
point, instrument for gaining the
popular votc of nearly 50000000.

The majority of Americans have
i'cpudintcd the Communist bogoy 7‘
foisch successfully on a nation only
once  in Germany, 1932. Glccful
usldc: watch for fireworks betwccir
La Lucc and lovely, progressive
I~lclcn Girliagan Douglass. wife of
Melvyn Douglass and now ‘alifor—
nia‘s i‘llll district Coiigi'csswomun.

Finally. what about Henry Wal-
irlcc? Wliul recognition will the
President give his cx-running mate

By Shirley Siege] Passow

and ardent campaigner? How close
will we come to Wallace‘s forecast
of 60.000.000 jobs in peacetime
America. under a sound economy?
ATTACK IN FRANCE

Gen. Patton‘s Third Army in Lor—
raine suddenly attacked German
forces in the Metz-Nancy area and
gained three miles Wednesday on a
27-mile front. Bitter street fighting
netted a dozen villages. Arnry en-
gineers are turning in an impressive
performance.
YAMASIH'I‘A AGAIN

Gen. Tomoyuki Yamashita, “Killer
of Bataan," who either supervised or
sanctioned the Death March of 1942,
has been returned to the Philippines
to engage Gen. MacArthur. Fighting
therefore intensifies. as American
GI's seek to revenge Wainwright of
Bataan, Percival of Singapore, and
their men, victims of Yamashita.
Hurricane is slogging the advance on
Leyte. but the Japanese appear
ready to take the offensive on the
west coast. MacArthur praised the
cr‘rtinual activity of native guerillas
in the Islands.
NEIGHBORS SAY

London "confessed" approval;
Churrgking and Moscow hailed with
enthusiasm; Rome and South Amer-
ica beamed m at the wartime Rc-_
clcction. Berlin and Tokyo, who
know it all the time, consider rc-
sulls a slide away from isolationisin.
and \Vlll‘llf'Cl America of the con—
scqucnccs. in “this, opinion was
that postwar planning will now mch
along cslimublc pulhs. Apparently.
Pros. Roosevelt. will iicccpl Dc
Guullc‘s invitation to porlcy in Paris
at air curly dutc. Anothcr United
Nntlons' lcudci's‘ coiii'I-rcncc Is in-
(limited.
MOSCOW

Russia this wcck lcrincd Japan lIll‘
:iggrcssor notion, for the first Illllt'.

 

€0mmm£caﬁond~—

To The Cillior':

Commulci's compose frilly onc-
l.liii'(l of the student body ul Slutc,
and most. of Stutc‘s I-xlrat-curricular
uclivitics arc (I()ll( ill. nighl. Corr-
sidci'ing these two facts, a situation
requiring the uttcntion of all stil-
dcnls iiriscs. It is cvidcnt lirul coin-
Inutcrs are ul. 1111 unfair advantage
iir entering collcgc activities.

With so much discussion of stu—
dcnts' kick of Interest in extra-
cui‘riculur activities, it is iicccssury
to find the basis of this difficulty in
order to solve the problem. This
is simple; just answer the followlrrg
question.

“How can State expect cornunitcrs
who can make only very poor rail-
road and bus connections after 10:30
P.M., who have to eat out by them-
selves when they stay down and
hunt for seine place to stay before

u »  me ~ «w- w‘ - ~-.«~ WWWW—m — - ~—

cvcning activity, to show an over—
wlichning spirit in collcgc organiza-
tions?“

lilvcryonc rcolizcs that. it till sums
up to luck of udcquulc li'iinspoi'lu-
lion and ucconrodutions at collcgc.

'l‘wo years ago it Comiriulcr's Club
was organized to rcmcdy lhc sillin-
lion. The club has a good begin-
ning and much support. In View of
this succcss, they have now under-
liikcii the great task of investigating
the possibility of u house or lounge
where students may stay over night.
Many other colleges huVo found 11
Vcry successful program like this for
commuters, and I believe State can
too. If the commuters have the will,
I think we all should help them find
a way.

Tired of traveling.
A Commuter.

Tradition or Erudition . . .

In announcing Signum Laudis in Assembly last
Friday, Dr. Sayles added the postscript, “These
young people believe there is no substitute for
scholarship in education.” The six people of whom
he spoke seemed to have achieved the enviable
record of having between them the highest scholar-
ship in the history of the Society. All but one
were Magna Cum Laude.

The eight girls who achieved the honor have seen
the culmination of three years of college activity.
This activity has been the less publicized kind,
these people have had to find their recognition for
themselves, in the satisfaction of attaining the high-
est record possible scholastically.

In an educational institution the assumption
would be that a high scholastic average would
be the epitome of achievement, as in sports
one honors the best athlete and in any competition
one honors the winner. The attitude here, however,
seems to be one of pity rather than acclaim and
“those who know" scorn those who would rather
learn something in college than learn something
about college.

Just what makes such an attitude is questionable.
Students coming to this college are supposedly
among the best in the State. What happens to their
initiative in four years is unexplainable. A few
years ago, in an open lcttcr to the class of 1945, the
NEWS princh an editorial called “The Great 'I‘ra-
(lition" in which this same situation was lzimcnlcd.
We quote in part; “The Tradition holds that you
must never take much pride lll your work. If you
get an A in Calculus, or Lit, or I‘llslory, you in'c
supposle to act as thoriin you hadn't cracked a
book all semester. Herc it must be said that Tl'fltll—
lion knows some study must be donc. ’I‘hc siniirl
thingr to do is to divide your tlmc bctwccn the
Commons, the lion], lhc Anncx. and thc I.()llllf_{i'
until a wcck before ii thcme or term paper is due“
thcn get it half dozcn cokcs, a bottle of aspirin,
:1 pack of (‘hcstcrs and stay up all night writing
it lot of drivcl you hopc thc I‘rof doesn't read airy-
vziy.” I‘Ivldcntly the college rcmalncd iinimprcsscd.
I‘Ividcntly the collcgc rcmiiincd unimpressed.

A pseudo-blase attitude is developed to prove that
crudition is not Whill makes 2i college, it is riitlicr
luck of it that makes the college great. 'I‘hcrcfoi'c.
whn eight people are clcclcd to Signum haudis. lhc
Alyskunia of the iicudcmic field here at Slutc. no
day is set aside to acclaim them, and they do not
sit on the stage every Friday, 'I‘hcy are not brought
before the Student Association almost daily by thc
fact that they hold ll position in the cxlrzi-curriculiir
world of the college. In short, thclr position is
hot glamorous. 'I‘hesc eight people find consolation
among themselves.

We congratulate the new Signum Inudis. 'I‘hcir
iichicvcmcnts may not bc glamorous bill lhcv :irc
irrutcriul and of grciitci' Import than they lhcmhlvrs
now realize. A collcgc cduciilion is one of thc
bcriliigcs that ii lcss fortunate gcirci'zitioi‘. has lcft
to us. I‘robiibly likc cvcrylhing clsc, \vc coinc by
it too cusily. Iiul \vhilc \vc'i‘c passing it up. wl-
would do wcll to lukc stock and scc \\'IlflI wc are
missing.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

Vol. XXIX

Slumber
.\<~Ilt‘l;lll'il f‘ollcg‘lulc I'I‘i"\

Novcmbcr 10, 1944 No. ll

Ili~lriliiilor
(‘oiivg'iiill- Iiiglwl
l'liv |IlIII|'|',',.',‘I‘l|I|i:IIl‘ Ill'\\'.~|'.||N'l' of IIll' Vow loi'l, \‘I‘Ili‘
l‘oilcgiv for 'l‘i-iichoi's: published I~\'cl'_\' I“l'lil:l\' ol‘ lln-ll‘AoIV
ogre .\I'III' by IIll‘ NIHVN lliiill‘il l'ol‘ lln- Sillllcli' \wso"
[lull I'lioncs: lll'l‘lcc, 5.9373; nay-um, when: in-u‘r-v' 

 

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTIHINO DV
National Advertismg Service, Inc.
(.u/lcgc I’ll/21M)”: Ifc/ircmiMI/w
420 MAnlJON AVE. NEW YORK. N. Y.
(IIIIIJAGO ' "DEVON ‘ LOH ANGELCE ‘ SAN FRANCISCO

The News Board
DOROTHY M. MEYERS - -
SUNNA E. COOPER I
EDNA M. MARSH l
LOIS DRURY

DOROTHEA SMITH

JOAN HYLIND

JOAN BERBRICH -
ELIZABETH O‘NEIL . ..

 

IEDI'I'OR-lN-CHIEF
CO«MANI\GING [EDITORS
BUSINESS MANAGI'"
CIRCULATION M\N/\GEIT
SPORTS LDI'I'OIT
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

wear.“ 2

All comuiuuicrilions should he illIill'lEIil'iiitl lo the - ‘
’l‘lio S'i‘A'l‘ld (‘Ohlil‘lill'l Ni'lWS assumes no rcalillllsl’iliillftI‘II
for opinions expressed in its columns or coiiiiuiiiilciilloifu
must he signed. Numcs will be withheld upon request.
as such expressions do not iii-i-ca‘siiriiy reflect Its View.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1944 '

mo: ,1

 

SCA Sponsors
Panel Discussion,

RPI Conference

ICF Monthly Meeting
Features Mckecl Talk

Student Christian Association is
sponsoring two events during the
coming week; an R.P.I. - State
Conference which will be held to-
morrow and the Frosh Club panel
discussion next Wednesday eve-
ning.

The R.P.I.-State conference, now
ocing held for the second consecu-
the year, will begin with a dinner
served in the State College cafe-
teria. The group will then adjourn
to the Trinity Methodist Church.
The am. students will choose the
subject for discussion. There will
be dancing afterwards and refresh
ments will be provided by State
students.

A pancl discussion on the subject
What Are You In College For?
will be featured at the Frosh Club
meeting cn Wednesday at 7:30 P.M.
in Room 206. Draper. A member
of the faculty. an upperclassman
and a freshman will participate.
William Baldwin and Marie Bal-
foorr, frrshmen, arr; chairmen of
the rat-rung and will work with
Margaret Casey, '46, who is Frosh
Club student advisor. All fresh—
men are invited.

Inter-Varsity Meeting

Intcr-Varsity Christian Follow-
ship is holding its monthly nicel-
ing tomorrow at 8:00 P.M. in the
Y.W.C.A. at 5 Lodge Street. An
inspirational song service will start
the evening. and Rev. H. S. Mckecl
of Schenectady will be the guest
speaker. Clara Mae Ryder, '45,
president of Inter-Varsity Chris-
tiair Fellowship, stated, "Rev.
Mckccl has been very active in
young people‘s work and thus is
especially fitted to speak to college
students."

All State students are invited to
attend this meeting with students
from the other colleges in this
area. “Since this is a regional
gathering, it should be of especial
interest to all," Miss Rydcr added.

Sophs To Vie
For Council Post

Tryouts to fill a vacancy on
Music Council will be conducted
in the Council office in the Corn-
mons, Monday at 3:30 PM. for
all Sophomores interest-ed in be-
coming a member of this organi—
zation. Thc position was l‘ormcrly
Occupicd by Marilyn Mullcri. '47,
who has withdrawn from school.

Marv l., Aldcn, ‘45, Prcsidcnt of
Music Council. stutcd that tlic ncw
urcmbcr will be announced iii the
first assicmbly of the second scrncs—
lcr. The constitution of thc group
to; bow :nncndcd iir order to pro-
vide for “or tryouts.

Miss Aldcii cxleincd thul Soph—
oinor'cs sci-king; lhc position will
Iiiukc posit-rs. Iokc chnrgc of
lickcts. hpr with publicity and
ushering, and assist lhc Council
in ‘,.l'llt‘l'1ll. A l‘t'('()l'(I which will IJI‘
kcpl of thc iiclivhics of cuch condi-
dalc will bc ccnsidcrcil by llrc
Council bcloi‘c voting ioi' lhc ncw
nicrnbcr. in May. lwo frcshincir
will bc clcctcd to lhc oi'grriiiziitirn.

On Nor. :lo. Music (tonncil will
pi'cscril the English Duo. lwo
\l’Ullll‘ll singcrs, in conccrl. Admis-
sion will bc by Sludciil 'l‘nx lickcl,

 

New Ruling Not Yet In Effect

lllllh liliikc,  Pi'csldciri (rl
licsillchcc Council. i‘cporls llml. lllc
ruling 1)l'ollll)lllll§.; slllllcllls from
kiddying zii‘lcr 12 l’. M. has not
liccii officially posscd. Although
this restriction is undii' tIIrt'llShIOl‘l,
students rirc not obligiunl by 11
until ltcsidcncc Council losses the
ruling thus pulling it .nlc effect.

In Mm

 

He was only a cat . . .

He was such a minute part of
State College . . . such an in-
significant part.

Occasionally in true ‘cat’
fashion, he tossed off a couple
of inches of space for the
Srnra COLLEGE News. Sattered
audiences at AD performances
applauded furiously as ‘our cat'
strolled nonchalantly across the
stage.

In fact, Alex, the Annex cat,
was fast becoming a true State
tradition. Everyone knew Alex.
Biology majors with a late lab
often chased Alex about in an
attempt to put Alex on one side
of the door and Dr. Scotland's
pickled frogs on the otheri

But Alex was a bother to
some people, and an annoyance.
And so, today, without beneft of
trial or defense, Alex is dead.

State students, burying him
along with other former State
traditions. still cherish a fond
merncry of Alex, the Annex Cat.

But then, he was only a cat. ..

 

 

 

Clubs Schedule
Social Calendar
For Next Week

Social events and educational
l‘z‘utures have been scheduled by
the various departmental organiza-
tions for meetings in the near
future.

Commerce Club will sponsor a
roller skating party tonight at
Hoffman's Rink on the Albany-
Schcrrec‘tady road. Anne Dillon,
‘45, president, has announced that
all State students may attend.

The first. typing class sponsored
by the club was held Wednesday
at 3:30 P.M., and another group
will meet Thursdays at the same
time in the near future. The next-
regular meeting of the club will be
held Tuesday at 3:30 PM. in Room
2:16. Draper.

Pi Gamma Mu, honorary Social
Studies fraternity. has announced
that it will soon take in new mem-
bers from the accelerated Juniors
The group has also planned for a
:peakcr sometime before Thanks-
giving vacation.

French Club will meet Tuesday,
Nov. 28, at 7:30 PM. in the Lounge.
Two films, “The Next Time I See
Paris" and “Under the Cross of
Lorraine," will be shown. Refresh-
ments will be served at the meet—
ing.

Hclcn Stuart. '45, President of
Matti Club, has announced that
the group will meet Tuesday at
7:30 PM. Ill Room 101. Draper.

Classical Club will meet in thc
Lounge, Nov. 211 at 3:30 PM, The
talk by Miss Mary Goggins. lu—
sti'uclor' in Latin. has bccn posi-
pnncd until the sccorul scnrcstcr.

Student-Faculty Tea
To Be Held Thursday

A Sliulcnl—li‘ucully Bridge and
’l‘cu will be hcld in thc honnuc
Nt)\'l’llll)l‘l‘ 16 from 2:30 to 5:110.
'l‘hc purpose of thc It‘ll will bc to
tnrlhcr siudcnt-l'uciilty relation-
hips. Evci‘yonc is wclcornc. and
~Illill‘llIS ;rl'c invited to challenge
.niy incinbcr of the faculty to u
bi'ldgc gumc.

l)r. Milllllc Scotland, Assistant.
l’rol‘cssor of Biology, Dr. Edith
Wullucc, Assistant Professor of
Iiilllll, and Miss Ruth l-lutchins,
Assistant Professor of Art, will
pour in tea. assisted by Ccliu Gold—
bci'gcr. '45, Harriet Brinkmuu. '46.
and Ruth Borrlly, ‘47, Student
Council members. There will be no
admission to the tea.

Any students dcsiring a similar
lcii to be held in the Spring may
put lhch' contributions into ii box
that will be pluccd near the door.

 

(icntrul

Venture Repair Shop

PHONE 4-0247

Stale

Barber 8i Beauty
S II 0 l’
103 CENTRAL AVE.
PHONE 4-3831

 

State Commuters Stole Honors Memory of Czech
Investigate House Students Who Died For Freedom

Club Desires Home
For Day, Night Usage

Commuters’ Club has formed a
committee to investigate the pos-
sibilities of securing a house near
the college where commuters could
spend their free time during the
day and where accomodations
would be available for those who
wished to stay over-night.

Shirley Rice, ’46, chairman of the
committee, reported that a poll is
being taken of all commuters to
determine the number willing to
support such a project. Tentative
plans call for the payment of an
annual fee by those who will use
the house.

Members of the club and other
interested commuters met Monday
with Dr. John M. Sayles, President
:i‘ the College, Dr. Ellen C. Stokes,
Dean of Women. and Dr. Allan
Hicks and Dr. Minnie B. Scotland,
faculty advisers of the club, to dis-
cuss the possibilities of the house.
It was decided that before any
definite plans could be made, a
study must be made of houses
available for the purpose, the
amount necessary to support such
a project, and the number of corn-
muters who intend to use the
house during the day or to stay
overnight occasionally. Miss Rice
has requested that all commuters
answer the notes sent to them by
the committee members in order

facilitate planning.

The committee met yesterday
and will held several more meet,-
lugs liciore the report is submitted
to tl‘.c club

Bridge Players
Begin Competition

Muriel Navy, ’46, chairman of the
bridge tournament sponsored by
AEPhi, has announced that the
clay-off will definitely start next
week.

About 40 couples have already
signed up. Among them are Mr.
Harry Birchenough and Dr. Ralph
Beaver who have entered as one
team and Dr. James Hicks and Dr.
Charles C. Smith who are entered
as another.

The actual time of the games,
the rules governing the tournament
and the winners of each play-off
will be posted in the commons.

Contestants ‘may play in the
college, in the group houses, or
in any other place they please. The
tournaman has not yet been closed
to cntrics; anyone who is interest-
cd and who can get a partner
will still be able to take part.

The proceeds from the entrance
fee of 10 cents per couple will be
:.i\'cn to War Activities Council.
“It‘s for a good cause and a lot 01'
fun. too," said Miss Navy.

 

New Organizcdion-"TGIF'3"
Loshinsky Elected Presideni

A little grccn jockey cap with
grid lcl‘. lctlcrs goes bobbing
down the hull. illl(l iiirdcr it
rcsls llrc body of it TGIF. If
it's :1 Week day, the body doesn't.

livc it just cxisls . . . Brit if
it s n Friday, wcll . . .
’l‘GIF's scvcntccn members

Ilcil bunnies and scvcn llllllt‘HM—
not, a bird l‘llllOIl have sworn
"by the sacrcd graves of their
gi'cat-n'undmolhcrs“ that irr—
stsud of having total collapses
on Fridays, lhcy will "live and
mukc merry" over the Week—
cnds. 'l‘hcy l‘XIl'llfI hcurticsl iii-
\‘llllllolls to ill! sci'\'lcclilcir Il()lllt‘
on leave to iitlcnd our of their
wcckly scssions.

Plrll liushinsky. ‘47, is pi'csi-
dciu. and 1.1. Gcnc Miicharen,
'45, is thc "foreign ambassador"
'llliiill his arrival at a "destin-
ation unknown," he will com-
“101100 to form ncw chapters of
the ’I‘GIF from converts iii all
ports of the world.

 

 

OTTO Il. MENDE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

"In order to do our part in the
preservation of the democratic
system of education all over the
world, and in order to commemorate
the sacrifice made by 160 freedom
loving Czechoslovakian students
who ware massacred by officials of
the Fascist regime three years ago,
we hereby set aside November 17th
as International Student Day." So
resolved the International student
Association in 1942 . . .

On November 17, 1939, officials
of the Nazi controlled government
in Prague closed by force every
school and university in the coun-
ty. Secondary education ceased to
exist. From the midst of this chaos
260 students in the city of Prague
rose up in rebellion against this
tyrannical suppression of one of
their fundamental rights — free-
dom of education. But their heroic
efforts were of no avail, for an
immediate order for their arrest
was issued and the following day
160 students were brutally mas-
sacred in the public square. The
remaining hundred were imprison-
Iid. and law and order —- Nazi
version — prevailed once again. A

WAC Stresses Aid

In Current Projects
IConli’intcd from. page 1, column 5)

will canvass stores in the shopping
districts to see that price charts
ire placed in full view of the
customers. Besides gaining a valu-
able knowledge of the economic
workilr's of this war-time measure.
volunteers will become actual OPA
Board members with the title of
Price Panel Assistant. Ten hours
a month must be given to this
work. Volunteers for typing and
clerical work are also needed.

Students who wish to roll ban-
dages may sign up with their group
house representative for either
Monday or Friday evening between
'7 and 9 PM. A white dress and
head band must be worn by those
who volunteer. and work will be
done at the Surgical Dressings
Unit of the Red Cross at 145 State
Street.

The Council has received a re-
port from Albany Hospital that
Nurse's Aides, experienced and iri-
cxpcricncd, are needed desperately.
Training classes for students cle—
siring to enter the Nurse's Aide
Corps will be scheduled in the near
future.

Sub-Council Elected

Newly elected members of War
Activities Sub-Council, consisting
of one representative from each
group house on campus, have been
announcer]. They are: Moreland
Hall. Murcia Hollis, '47; Farrell
House, Arlen Ribcr, ‘48; Beta Zeta
House, Lois Hutchinson, ‘47; Sayles
Hall Annex, James Conley, '47; Al-
pha Epsilon House. Judith Gerof—
sky, ‘46; Psi Gamma House, Gone-
\'icvc Sabalini. ’46; Nelson House,
Eloise Worth. '48; Thomas Moore
l—lousc. Vera Clrudiuk, ’48: New-
man Hull, Jcannc Grodcn. '46;
Wr'cn Hall. John Sivcrs. '46; Saylcs
Hail. Mary Bess Vcrnoy, ‘46; Pierce
Hall. Alice Knapp, ‘47; Chi Sigma
’l‘liitii Honsc, Joyce McDonald, '46;
Kappa Delta House, Arlcnc Skin—
ncr. ‘46; and Cominutcrs’ Club.
Shirlcy Ricc. '46. chrcscmativrs
from Phi Dcltu and Gamma Kap-
pa. Phi Houses have not yet been
unnounccd.

"fl is hoped that the student
body will take advantage of this
second opportunity to do its part

iii \viir ucliyilics at State Collcllc,"

said Miss hicbl.

symbol of the fate of free spirit
under Fascism. . .- ,

Under the sponsorship of War
Activities Council, State College
will recognize International student
Day next Friday with an all-day
program scheduled to go over the
top. Every student is under a moral
obrigation to purchase as many
War stamps as he is financially
able to on that day. When a stamp

is bought, the student's hand will»

be stamped in indelible ink — a
visible sign that he has contributed
to the cause of his war. Entrance
to the Commons will be restricted
all day to those bearing this “seal
of approval." It is estimated that
a minimum of $100 in stamps —
approximately one stamp a student
~— should be sold next Friday.

In the afternoon, a dance will
be held in the Commons culmi-
nating the all-day drive. Philip
Lashirisky, '47, is General Chair-
man and results of the stamp sales
will be announced by him during
the afternoon. According to La-
shinsky, "A loyal American is a
stamped American!" ‘

Wake up, State College — your
apathy toward a wholehearted
participation in the war effort
speaks no good of you as future
citizens of a country where free-
dom in every sense of the word is
afforded you. Colleges —- your col-
lege included —— are not closed to
suppress free speech. Students are
free to express any and all opinions
without fear of persecution. This
is America. Are you willing to sup-
port it?

Pi Omega Pi Admits
Two New Members

Sonya Kadislr and Mary Alice
Fenwick, two accelerated Juniors,
have been admitted to Pi Omega
Fi. the honorary Commerce fra-
ternity. Members are named from
the Senior Class on the basis of
scholarship and leadership in the
Commerce Department.

Florence Graham, ’45, publicity
director of the State chapter, has
announced the members of three
committees as follows:

Membership Committee, Miss
Graham and Ruth Donovan; Bul-
letin Board Committee. Marian
Davis, Ann Keelile and Janet
Mather; Program Committee, Ma-
rie Hunter, Ann Dillon, Hazel Ra—
velle, Dorothy Falk and Marilyn
Guy.

Clinton Reid, Chief of the Eu-
reau of Business Education, will
be the guest speaker at the next
regular meeting on November 30.

Campus Chest Speakers

('oii/iiiiird from. page l.colunin 3)
Kiri 81er for the relief of Chinese
war students. $25 to the World
Student Service Fund, $25 to the
Tuberculosis Association, $100 to the
Red Cross and $100 to the STATE
ClihlJltll-i News for service men's
copies.
Activities Explained

The sccond feature of today’s
assembly is an explanation of war
activities of the College by Simon
Coopci', rcprescntulive of War Ac-
tivities Council. Last. year the coun-
cil disrr'ibulcd its activities among
Knitting, Surgical Dressings, Ele-
mentary First Aid, Nurses Assistants
Nursery School Assistant. Sewing,
Home Nursing Training, Advanced
First Aid. Nurses Aid Training, War
Rccords, Salvage, Soliciting blood.
This ycin' under illl expanded pro-
gram Wur Activities Council desires
to aid llrc war effort in a bigger
llllfl better way.

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY, PHDI’.

BOULEVARD

1913-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Try Our liusinessrnim’s Lunch

DIAL 5—1913

GAFETEIIIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

CW. .. Mm... . W WWW .

li


u
T
l:
l.
'l
i‘:
l!
i.
r
I;
n

 

 

