 

 

 

 

 


2-
l


.
i
5.
.
3
i
f
i
l
I

 

 

 

PAGE 2

SOphomores Sign Plasma Pledg

Will Give Blood

 

Who are those red-blooded indi-
viduals around State? Silly ques-
tions—the Sophomores of course!

One little, two little, three little
corpus-ales . . . To prove how red
blooded they are, the Sophomores
are signing up to give blood to the
Albany Blood Bank on March 2-3.
In spite of being run down, as
everyone is because of the stress
aﬁd strain of school. one by one,
the Sophs are affixing their signa-
tures to the sheet in the lower hall
of Draper . . . an appointment with
the needle which will extract from
them much-needed blood plasma to
be used on battle fronts all over
the world. The corpuscles the
Sophs give will be major actors in
every theatre of war.

Four vliltlc, fine lilrlc, sir little
('orgmsr'lcs . . . Now they're troup-
ing down. scared stiff. prepared for
a great ordeal. On the bed. sweat-
ing‘ blood, they wonder why a
needle is even needed. It seems an
infinite number of times the needle

Sororities Hold
Annual initiations

Two Groups lnduct
Freshmen on Monday

Both freshmen and upperclassmen
have been. or will be inducted into
sororities this month.

Last Sunday. two of the sororities
held formal initiations. Chi Sigma
Theta inducted twelve freshmen.
while Psi Gamma initiated eleven.

At Chi Sig, Jean Cavanagh. Mar-
tha Dunlay, Sally Dunn. Betty Rose
Hilt. Sarah Jane Johnson, Marty
Hanley. Lois Holstein. Frances Mc-
Cormick. Mary Ruth McNamara,
Paula Nosal. Mary Reynolds, and
Regina Schnch became members.

Psi Gamma‘s new additions are
Helen Bode, Rose Brock, Avis Cham-
berlain, Julie Collier. Mary Carey,
Rose Devine, Joan Magrew, Jean
Hembury, Ruth McCarthy, Doris
Patterson. and Christine Truman.

Three other sororities have held
informal initiations; two last Friday,
and one Washington's Birthday.

KD held its informal initiation
last Friday. with the following
pledges participating: Joan Alver—
son. Sue Campbell, Virginia Day.
Mary Ellen Diener. Honey Honey-
combe. Janet Inglchart. Gertrude
Kasper. Eunice McGlynn. Marjorie
O'Grady. Dorie Raymond. Dorothy
Rider, Patricia Russell, Gertrude
Smith. Elsie Stockman and Elaine
Uffman.

Gamma Kappa Phi also held its
informal initiation last Friday.
Gloria Brcclin. Ann Callahan. Ger-
aldine Callahan. Beverley Crosslcy,
Evelyn Dorr, Ruth Davenport. Janice
Goodrich. Elizabcth Harding, Jane
Lafferty. lrcnc McCormack. Mary
Ellen Maoncy. Florence Mclcsky.
Katherine Murphy. Marian Vituilo.
and Louise Winters were the fresh-
mcn.

On Tuesday. Phi Delta held its
inlformal initiation. 'l‘hc pledges
who took part in the ceremony were
Elaine Ackcr. Marilyn Anderson,
Alice Bcckcrs, .lanc Bruithvaitc.
Mary llrnithwaitc. Hilda May Kinch.
Annette Kochh. Lorna Kunz. I.ois
Newton. 'I‘llco Sturgcs, .lcun ’l‘horn-
hill. Margaret Van Akch.

Kappa Delta and Phi llclla will
hold thcir formal initiations Monday
but the rcst ol' thc sororities will
not have their ccrcmonics until later
in March

Bridge Tournament Opens

Statc's first brldgc tournluncut
under the sponsorship of AEPhi sor-
ority was started this week when
entrants began their first round.
All proceeds from the tournament
will be turned ovur to War Activities
Council. $0.50 having been rcceivod
already.

The tournament ls being conduct-
cd according to official rules. How-
ever. since there are 64 entrants. It
is necessary for the matches to be
played separately.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1944

March 2-3

 

By Betty ’h'ei:

is plunged Into the arm in search
of blood. Before they know it.
they’re chatting amiany with the
stout-hearted nurse who informs
them, much to their amazement,
that their blood has been taken,
jarred. and labeled. Golli, it didn’t
hurt a bit! After a glass of orange
juice and a half hour of rest. they're
on their way back. feeling fit as a
fiddle and ready for—giving another
pint of blood in three months, dur-
ing which time they'll proudly dis-
play the gold button they received
for their first donation.

Seven little, eight lich, nine little
corpusclcs . . . War Activities are
being carried out whole-heartedly
by the Sophomore class. Their first
event was an Auction-Dance. held
in December. At present they are
taking charge of the Stamp Booth.
and expect to surpass the goal of
200 dollars set by their President.
Bob Sullivan. And now on March
2-3. they will really give. themselves
to the war effort at least. part of
themselves.

Tcn li/llc l'f'll I'orpusclr's.

Knitting and Home Nursing
Provide Student War-Work

"Are you a five-percentcr?"

If so. this article will be perti-
nent. If not. it might. be advis-
able to read anyway.

“Knit a bridge to Tokyo. is a
cry that might well be taken up
by a few more State students.
Much yarn is reclining in the
office of Dr. Stokes. Dean of
Women. waiting to be made into
warm socks. helmets. sweaters
and other necessary accessories
for servicemen.

Although "no wealth without
health" was a peacetime motto.
its newer successor. “no victory
without health" is just as true
and lots more necessary. The
Home Nursing Course offers an
interesting our easy way to learn
a few of the fundamentals of
nursing.

Typing is boring at times but
not when one is doing it with a
goal in mind. The Red Cross
needs typists to do important
war work.

"Where there‘s a war. there‘s
a way!"

n

 

 

 

Grad Students

Scholarships Offered
For Advanced Work

A large number of scholarships,
fellowships, and assistantships, are
now being offered to those students
who desire to continue with graduate
work, work for a doctorate. or even
more advanced work in another col-
lege or university.

Brown University, operating on a
three semester a year basis. plans to
accept graduate students at the be—
ginning of each semester. Twenty-
flve fellowships of $500-$750. one
fellowship of $1000 or more for a
woman. several fellowships in Ap-
plied Mathematics ranging from
$600 to $2000. fifteen scholarships.
and sixty assistantships are among
the offers from Brown University to
qualified applicants. Applications
may be obtained from the Registrar
of the Graduate School and must be
filed not later than March 1.

Scholarships in Biology. which
were endowed by the late Mrs. Mary
Mucllhaupt of Portland. Oregon. are
granted annually to the candidates
who are considered most likely to
promote one of" the biological
sciences. These scholarships which
provide for a one year course in
Ohio State University carry stipends
of" $1,400 to $1.800 each. A Ph.D.
degree or its equivalent is necessary
for appointment to these scholar-
ships. Applications must be filed
with the Dean of the Graduate
School not later than April 15.

The Elizabeth Clay Ho w ald
Scholarship which carries with it a
stipend of $3000 will be awarded to
some scholar who has shown marked
ability in some field of study. The
research work which is a part 01' this
award will be carried on at the Ohio
State University. Applications must
be filed with the Dean 01' the Grad-
uate School not later than March 1.

Scholarships and fellowships in
Biology. Chemistry. English. Greek.
Greek Archaeology. History, Latin.
Physics, Political Economy. Political
Science. Romance Languages, Sem-
itics. and in other fields. ranging
from $300 to $1450 have been offered
by the John Hopkins University to
graduate students. Applications must
be sent to the Registrar of the Johns
Hopkins University. Baltimore 18.
Maryland. by March 1.

Anyone desiring additional in-
formation may cousull. the an-
nouncements on the bulletin board
in lower hall Draper.

Frosh, Congeniol Conspiroiors

ln Hidden Plans

“I promise that the show will
have a hot setting and that the
dance will take place in an angelic
atmosphere."

These are the boastful words of
Franchcllo. the President of the
Gremlins. as the freshmen “get in
a huddle" to plan Ihcir “Big Ten."

At. long last. the fresh have re-
leased their coordinatcd brainstorm
 a musical comedy in Page Hull fol-
lowed by round dancing in the Com—
mons. Rumor has it that the dance
will be strictly a taxi affair but
It‘ranchcllo refuses to give definite
information on this point. There-
l'orc. a bit 01' original imagination
may be in order . . .

“Everything in the muslcalc will
be original.” was the combined
promise and threat ot' the President
ot' '47. iic did admit. howcvcr. that
the music would probably be that
ot' thc current popular songs.

After lhc dancing. a $50 war bond
will bc given mvny In a donation
contest. Chances for this contest.
will bc sold throughout the school
at 10 cents cucll. or three for 25 cents.

Due to the tremendous success 01'
iltc prcvlous fch "Big Ten" cvcnls,
Lhc l‘rcshmcn have been spurred on
to makc this ‘biggor and better." It.
is also possible that the shadow of'
the Sophomore “liig 'l‘cn” will prc-
clpitatc them to no little action.
After all, the "Big Ten" event of
cach class will play an important
part in the final counting of each
class's War Activitlcswnnd that will
result In a rather strategic ten points
landing nonclnilantly In the lap of
one of the classes.

Joe and his bunch aren't worried
very much. however. They shouldn't
be; they have the talent and versa-
tility. The freshmen are bound to
have something up their sleevesl

For "Big Ten”

Press Bureau Requests

Students To File Cards

In an effort to get its data up—to-
datc. the Press Bureau is continuing
its drive l'or students to bring their
current Press Bureau activity cards
to the Press Bureau office located
at the end 01' the balcony in the
Commons. A member of the Press
Bureau will be in the office every
day from i) A.M. to 3:30 PM.

Press Bureau requests February
freshmen to report to the Press
Bureau office immediately to l'ill in
cards.

Seniors are again requested to
hand in three of their senior folder
pictures to Prcss Bureau. The name
and year of the student are to be
written on the back of" each picture
and the pictures are to be enclosed
in an envelope also bearing the
Ht-nlor's name and year.

Hillel Plans Paper Drive
To Relieve Pulp Shortage
Partially accepting the challenge

of' last chk's heated discussion of
tho Major—Minor Ol'l'lcc Plan. I‘Iillel

is undertaking the sponsorship of n l

waste paper drive.

Various radio programs have un—
dertaken the task of encouraging
people to salvage paper. The con—
tinuing shortage of pulp material
incurred by the war places additional
importance on this project.

The various group houses will be
contacted In an effort to make this
an all-out college enterprise.

To the Editor:

The question of whether or not
one class has more class spirit than
another is such a broad issue that
it seems incredible to have it all
summed up in one brief editorial.
This would, of course, give rise to
doubt as to whether all of the sub-
ject was given due consideration. A
good argument in the opinion of
most people is one which presents
both sides of the story.

According to your editorial. the
class of ’47 does not live up to the
“basic requirement” of class spirit.
You would also have us believe that
Sophomores are the “super” example
of a class with class spirit.

There has been expressed some
doubt in the minds of my classmates
as to what the “basic requirements"
are. There is a great deal of doubt
in my mind as to what the class of
’46 has accomplished which proves
that they have this abundance of
class spirit.

It is no more possible for me to
prove by writing that we have more
class spirit than the Sophomores
than it is possible for you to prove
by editorials that they are superior
in spirit to us. I am not therefore
asking you to consider this letter
our answer to your editorial. The
class of" ‘47 will prove by action. not
through words. the validity of its
argument.

Very truly yours.
Joseph It‘rancello, '17

To the Editor:

I am in entire agreement with
your editorial; especially the part
concerning the spirit of the fresh—
men class. Thcrc are reasons for
this low-prevailing spirit which I
do not think can be explained by the
bombastic harangue of" "Fearless
Fred." but can be explained by 0b-
scrvation.

We elcclcd a president who un-
deniany has the eloquence of a
Cicero. but not the reasoning powers
01' the brilliance of Cicero. It has
become obvious to all the Sopho-
more class and to most of the fresh-
man class that the Class of '47 is
not directed by its president. but
by a tall. silent. impressing figure
who may be dubbed the “premier”
or “prime minister" of the frcslnnnn
class.

Through the ingenuity of this
efficient “premier.” various trusted
men have been made agents to keep
tabs on both the Sophomores and
freshmen and send their report to
him. As to the names of these
agents. we are uncertain but we do
know they number up to four. Can’t
you just imagine a conversation be—
tween Agent No. 3 and the premier;
“Agent No. 3 reporting a Soph class
meeting.” The premier then replies.
“Good work. No. 3. see No. 4 l'or
further instructions." Isn't it: ex—
citing!

It may sound fantastic. but the
above is true; therefore, I wish to
say~“Joe F.. assert yourself. out
the puppet strings and above all—
"be president'."

The Unhon Three
To whom it may concern:

Where is our wonderful social life
that Miss Forsyth mentioned? For
her information and everybody clscs.
it. is hon-existent as far as the op-
positc sex is conccrm‘d. State Col-
lege has isolated us. l'csit'icicd us
as future teachers. Must we there-
fore be placed on pedestals and con—
sider ourselves above the need l'or
men? I assure you we’re not Gods.

 

e Program To Aid Pro And Con . . . .

We like dancing, dating. etc., with
males.

Why doesn't the college admin-
istration (1) sponsor exchange
dances with other colleges in the
vicinity? Sponsored as social affairs
by individual halls and societies.
the turn-outs are very poor. (21 Let
us join the existing U. S. 0. or make
their own U. S. O. for us to join?
At long last the U. S. O. asked for
girls to come to their Turnabout
Party. I guess they couldn't get
enough starved girls elsewhere to
pay for their escorts. And then when
they did call for us. we are limited
to Senior and Junior girls. Aren’t.
Soph-fresh girls old enough and
mature enough? (3! Can’t some-
thing constructivo. be done about
the whole situation? We like men.

Famished Female
Dear l’at—

Thank you t'or your letter last.
week~thc defense will now take the
stand. Your points were \vcll-takch:
perhaps some of our lcrms wcrc not
too clear. We'd like to clear thcm
up now.

First *‘a good. average tcachcr:“
\vc'll omit the word "average"; it
docs cast the wrong light on our
point. We mum the people who 1‘ch
they can and do make a good job
of their teaching, and there lll'c
many who have proved thcmsclyr's.
And then. narrowing down to our
point. wc Silllll‘A' want to say that \\'c
know of a few Seniors who like
teaching. but who plan to pass it up
for the glamour 01' either big pay or
war work.

True, Pal. there are not many ilml
belong in this group-~1t's a (lt'i'lhlic
minority. Howovcr. we felt that
teaching was important enough to
cast a few barbs at thcsc few who
come under this heading.

Yet. in regard to others. we feel as
you do. Anyone who feels (lclihitcly
unsuited to the teaching profession.
who would be unhappy. who l'ccls
that he or she would not be a success
in this field these people plainly
should not, force themselves to
teach. Every senior is asking him-
self your qucstion- we have no
quarrel with those who unswcr it
honestly.

Sincerely.
The l-Idilor

Hardy, Egelston, To Be

Speakers FOI’ Forum

Dr. William Hardy. Instructor of
English. and Mrs. Martha Egclstoh.
Instructor oi' History. will co-stnr as
guest. speakers in the meeting of
Forum to be held Wednesday at
3:30 in thc Loungc.

The topic for discussion will bc
"Thc ’art ol' Russia in ihc Post»
War World"; the speakers will prc—
sent. by a brief" outline. lhc issucs
and questions involved. after which
the topic will be given to thc floor
for general discussion. .lt-nnhc
Bailey. ‘44. Speaker of Forum. will
introduce the spcukcrs and conduct
the discussion. The student, body as
Well as Forum members al‘c invucd
to Inn'ticipatc.

Dr. Elaine Forsyth, Assistant Pro-
l'cssor oi' Social Studies will snccccd
Dr. Harvey Rice. Professor ol' liis-
tory as adviser to Forum. [)1' llnw
will Icuvc for illt' scrvicc soon-tinn-
in thc ncxt l'cw wccks.

 

OTTO II. MENOE

THE COLLEGE JIEWELER

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

BIOE ALLEYS

Western & Quail
15c 11 guthc for school Iculptcs
froth ll A.M. to ll PM.

 

Phone 3-1514

 

GUSTAVE LOREY
STUDIOS

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY

 

My“

t”

by KIPPY MARSH

A LETTER TO THE FEMALE STUDENT BODY

Inasmuch as the men who remain at State feel that the case of MAA
in the Major-Minor plan is important, we are publishing this week a
letter to the student body asking them to rc-consider the decision which
was tentatively made in last Friday’s assembly. We feel that is is only
fair to hear the case of the men.

Dear Kippy.

Since you’re the only columnist I can appeal through to those women
and men who constitute the student body of our school. 1 herein show
my gratitude and declare you a complete neutral in what follows.

As a transfer to State, I consider myself a bit on the outside of the
“inner circle," but with the vantage point 01' any onlookcr giving a con-
structive criticism. My position clearly stated. I proceed with my criticism
——which has to do with last Friday's resolution to leave MAA as a minor
oi'ficc.

For the first year in many years. physical education has been abolished
at State College. This means that all those desiring a flexing of the
muscles must necessarily depend on MAA. Without a beneficial MAA pro~
gram our freshmen men who will be of army age next fall. will have
been denied any organized gym work. And. having been a part of" the
armed forces. I cannot over-cmpbasizc the merits of :i well-rournlrd
physical training program. Quite obviously, this throws a heap of" re-
sponsibility to the director or president of" MAA—so much so that he should
have time for nothing else. This job in my humble opinion is definitely
full linie. and those embryo Khaki-chills are the losers il' it is otherwise.

It may be asked “What has this to do with the major-minor office plan?"
My answer, lilppy. is this. The service rendered in any job is in direct
proportion to the salary paid. Deny if or not, I've been here long enough to
know that prestige. which is a salary. comes with the major offices.

The president 01' our student body has agreed with me that this is a
problem entirely up to the remaining men here at school. We are further
agreed that the decision as to MAA‘s position in the nnijor-minor set-up
should be left to those concerned—the men. Are we not right in surmising
that the. value 01' “track” to men is parallel in importance to the value of
hockey to women? And if" this premise be true. would it not be best that
each sex settle on the. value or lack of value 01' its physical education
program?

Let us not be moved by pctty .iealousies nor seize this opportunity to
settle a standing grudge. I beseech you, Kippy. and those of your sex
to take the. word ol‘ us overwhelmineg outnumbered mules. We honestly
l'ccl that MAA" importance to Us justifies that its leadership be classified
as a major office.

 

 

 

 

.IIM ('IIAN DELL

MORE ABOUT THE BOYS

Sgt. (‘lay Sprowls. of Camp Forest. Tennessee. at last report is headed
for Aberdeen. Maryland. artillery ordnance school sometime this month . . .
Is happy to be starting north whcrc ibcrc is solhc snow instead of" thc rain
he tramps around in . . . l'vt. Don Lansky cxpcctlhg to stay at Fort. Dix
for awhile . . . From Dick ltibner. '39 at Fort Bliss. Texas. the assurance
that. his western drawl is just about down pat and that his swagger is
coming. The country is the best in the world so the Texans tell him but
he doesn't tell them about New York State . . . it would disillusion them,
the poor creatures . . . :3nd Lt. Bob illucg‘rcgor has bccn scnt l'rom the Army
Air Base at Armorc. Oklahoma to Mot. school in Miami. Florida . . .
IIEREABOUTS

A gentle hint froth the Circulation Manager . . . Shc can't help it if
you don‘t get. the News when your changes of address are never sent . . .
Around school the familiar faces ol' Ilank ltuback. Dave Griffin. Mike
Capuano, (lil Snyder and Bob Loucks.
WIIY BLAME MILNIC

It has long been a sore spot with part of the student body that after
enduring the cunning little antics of the Milnitcs the whole day they must
constantly be annoyed by their little mischicfs at the college functions in
the evening. We were conscmlcntly amused to hcar in our little gossip tour
of the Week that some ol' the penny pitching propensities of thc precocious
problcms in Milne come from ONE WHO IS SUPPOSED TO KNOW
BETTER.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEwsiWeekly Bulletin

hiH'IAL ('.\I.l')\ “All

      

 

Elkabl'Shed “may 1916 I‘wll ‘_'.‘- Sophomore b.|n
qIII'I .II T |'\l. in lloltvl 'l‘vn
‘ By the Class of 1918 “wk
“10" I'l-I. '_'\ i-‘rmh IIII'I'llIIlJ :n
Vol. XXVII It‘cbruury 25. 1944 No. 1;; .. .l.o'm Ink-ulnar“ I"; l_
\|.-ml.«r l'i""l""l“" - 'll  I‘f \f h  'lll|l
.\~~m‘l.|lml l’ollwpirlll' l'l'css l'ui‘n 11‘ Ill‘ l'l.'|‘-. II” _'!II_ '1‘ '” I'lll 'I [NI .'.'“
'lbc lililll‘l“,.1|'.lll|l.llt' l||'\\'~|i.||u-l' oi rin- \l'\\ \orlf ];""|' 'IIITI'IIH'HIH‘ ”' " ' "
Stutt- i'rlllI-ui' for Tom-boys. lillllll‘vlll'tl x-vvl') _ ' :M‘  ,. I
l"l'll|;l.\ or o..- cont-n ymr m In. \lzws lloul'll "" --' V“""‘»‘" 'f.",".”-‘
to bc slum-m .\~\m'l.llinill. Inns.” mow. """." """"".""l M "I'lm
.3 I’..|\Ivr. 3.1.31.1. Stu-hurl. \ '_‘\t|l: I’ll in‘l'i. ""' —”" l""l""""“-_ P-I.‘ I"

 
 

\~ linlnnm |\'.Ipp.|. r I‘..\I
T in l‘

\l.|ll'll 1 Forum rim us

V , won .131" 1'\1.. in Inuit-go, on

National AdVCIIISlllg bervrcc. Inc. on inn-t ~I_I=gr~m In my

(.lI/lt‘st'Pub/fillerslie/Irewlrlutir'r \\"" \\""'l N’"”'“ "- \l"

 

NEWILHENILU Hm NAIIUIIAL AlJvLirIlalNLl I."

 

1:3“ 4...“ .s‘orml Silllllrw

420 MADISON A'IE. New YORK. NY. n.1,. ' I”... y” “.mp, Ln;

Intiqu - uosron - Lot; ANGELEE - 5m Imucltcc .14. |r.-pt lllll'ii to \llllll'lll
|mi|\

\l.ii'l ii I Hltlin- l'ollvgl'

The News Boa'd s. mpllony llll't'l'li'll In liosu

LDIIUH IN-L’HIH |,\ not musburg. hzlitl I‘ \I. in
co LDIlOIi IN (fiilli‘ I'ltu' 11.11! V
. \I III'lI I \cus ’I l'_\rrlli~ In
nustNtss MAN/men |, H I” .I .m I. H
LIIiLULAIION MAN/min “I”. I, ~_-. :5
scours EUIIOH i||\ lHI' lllmui li.|||l\ .ll .\I
I tinny liospltnl.
\ln 1'le 2'. limit; Kimbr
ASSOC‘A'“ EDITOR Hugh Io spruli :II N Illl |' .\l.

Assocm'ru 2mm”? in l'.|;_'i‘ IIulI .rlltiilul'lum.

JANET K BAXTER
MARY I3. STENGEL
JANE I’ICKERT
LILLIAN GROSS
BERTRAM KILEY
SUNNA COOPER
EDNA MARSH
DOROTHY MEYERS

Soplmhoros'

ASSOCIATE [EDITOR

 

l
MHHHU'I‘I‘ NI'lWH
1"th '.'\ l'In llcltrl I'ornnll

 

 

Inninlion. i Jill.
All ('Iillllllllllil'lliinlls should ln- .nlnlrt-sstd to tho 5‘“
t'lllllil‘ llllll must be signmi. Noun-s will iu- \vllII _ “
llcltl upon l'wlln-sl. 'I'hc S'I‘A'I'I-l (‘llI.I.I‘)til'l \tm- rich-gulps to ropri-sont
NI‘IWS ussunn-s no rcspohslbillly for opinions h'l‘.\ all Ilul'nurd lilill l‘olunr
lelll't'rih'llll in its columns or culuulliull'uliohs us Ida llnlvcrslly on Feb. Elli.
Hlu'h expressions do not necessarily reflect its llt't‘illlls’ “'l“ . It‘illlll'tE til-‘1'
View. cussions and lutcrcollogiulc

Iunvln-on.

 

If n. Shoe no

The lethargy which once char-
acterized Student Association
meeting has partially disappeared
this year. It is a good omen for
any college when students are
aroused enough by an issue which
concerns them to denounce or de-
fend in equally enthusiastic tone.
The interest of the members of
any governing body comprises the
vital organs of that peculiar form
of democracy which we do so much
“ flag-waving“ about .

However. it is obvious that
very few people at State know
anything about parliamentary pro-
ceedure for much valuable time
is wasted in discussion of points
which are trivial and have almost
no relation to the issue at hand.
The most glaring weakness. how-
ever. lies in the subortlimttion of
the interests of the student body
as a whole to thc Interests of small
groups or individuals. I’crsonal
grudgcs and lntcr-group rivalry
have no plzlcc in a discussion which
conccrns thc wclfarc of the whole
\‘illlll‘lll body. It is impossiblc to
maintain an impersonal attitude
about an issue which strongly
conccrns our intcrcsts. but person—
ul fcclings should ncvcr cloud on
objcctivc viewpoint.

It is cvidcnt from the applause
which greeted the lcatlcr of a sin-
dcnt organization last week that
thc :isscmbly appreciated the fact
that a group could sulmrdinulc
thcir pcrsonul fcrlings to the will
of the majority. .\Iorc group sub-
ordination and less grudge attack-
ing would improve our student
government. a heritage which
should not be tnkcn lightly.

25, 1944

 

PAGE a

Cl, By, and For—

Whatever else is missing from the State College picture, the ten-
dency to gripe is always with us. Right at the present time, two
prevailing and diametrically opposed moods exist. Second semester
slump has set in with its customary glumness and gloom. Warring
side by side with this attitude is red-blooded controversy, intelligent

and otherwise.

Several brooding storms broke last Friday, following an animated

assembly.

class-«all came in for their share of attention.

MAA, the dorm, Myskania, the NEWS, the freshman

Some of them are

standard gripe subjects: others demand and are getting immediate

attention.

The future of MAA lies with the Student Association; more parti-
cularly with the female element. The danger of lightly dismissing the

subject. is great.

The activities of MAA concern one entire part of

State‘s student body; because this part is a minority is no reason to

ignore its interests.

This morning's assembly may well determine

whether or not the men of State shall have an independent part in the
extra-class activities of the College.
Whether or not the attackers of the Alumni Residence Halls have

a case is a speculative issue.

dormitory life is a periodic occurrence.

Griping in some manner concerning

It seems unlikely that it will

ever be discontinued. unless a committee is formed to make a complete
survey of all controversial aspects. and, by its report, settle once.

and for all the eternal arguments.

Such an experiment is far froth

impractical; the possibility that it may afford a solution warrants

serious consideration.

We leave the frcslunan class to fight out its battle via the Letters to
thc l‘ltiilor column; however. we suggest that they show us some ac-
complishments on the plus sidc of thc ledger bcforc minimizing the con-

verted efforts of their rival class.

The powcr of the Student .v\ssociation is something that sounds in-
tangible to many students; it is. in reality, one dominant force in our

college govermnent.

Concerning any activity or phase of State Col-

lege. thc will of the majority can effect whatsoever change it desires.

I‘Izu'h and any organization cxisls
student.

for the. benefit of each and every

.\n issue affecting any college group is vital to the whole,

and any student who neglects this fact. whether it be through ignorance
or disinterest. is shirking the duties imposed on him by association

membership.

The aforcmcntioncd issues~»—und many others—----will continue to be

aired tin-oughout the semester.

Griping has its purposes, but before

it. can become of concrete value, the exponents of any theory must

be prepared with remedial suggestions.

We'd like to see some con-

structive ideas offered by our many glib and versatile busy-bees.

 

 

Ari 'n Stuff

ART entered State College last
Saturday night in the guise of a
genial man of letters. who pleased
thc majority of his audience with
a nice sprinkling of puns and subtle-
ty mixed in with artistic continents.
We are referring of course to D and
A's latest importation. Louis Unter-
mcycr.

Mr. Untcrmeycr‘s survey of the
artistic field was of general interest.
Considering the fact that a college
audience is bound to hold a motley
array of aesthetic tastes. perhaps it
is well that we did not. hear his “$250
lecture" on poetry in preference to
the one he chose. And yet, there
are many who felt that his lecture
fell below the intelligence level of
the majority 01' his listeners. We
out'sclvcs would have preferred a
poetry lecture. since Mr. Untermeyer
is first and foremost a poetic critic:
ycl we must admit that his material
was presented with a charming
humor that plainly met. with the
approval of" most.

Off the stage even more than on.
Mr. Untcrmeyer displayed himself to
advantage. Following the usual
custom. D and A Council invited
him out after the program. to a
hotel first. and thcn uddcd "or would
he prefer to go to a regular college
rt-hdckvous'?” Mr. Untcrmeyer prc-
fcrrcd the latter.

The guest and the council reguled
tin-msclvcs materially upon milk and
hunt on rye; culturally, they discuss-
ed the opcra. poetry, modern novels
and State College Ihow did that
sneak inﬁll. llcst remark of the
owning. howcvrr, was certainly his
rc-litling of Hemingway‘s For
Whom 'I‘lrt Ilt‘ll ’l'olls. The [Intel'—
nn-ycr-rcviscd title is Lct h'lcr'pmr/
lim/s lllr'. ~

Mr. Untcrmcycr prol‘csscd himself
to bc favorably impressed with the
Stutc Collcgc audience. ()1) the
\vholc. be sold. it was more upprc-
cintivc than most groups to which
hc had spokch. State "got things
more. quickly." and the feminine
quota of the audience, In his opin-
ion. was extremely Well-dressed and
attractive. ‘

Over and above his contriinitlon
to our cultural life. State College
will surely remember Louis Unter-
mcyer as a “swell sport‘ﬂ truly “one
of the crowd.” We're glad We met
him.

more

 

To livc with the thought of death
is no easy thing.

For the oldest and wisest among
its. it would be hard. But now it
is the young who must pause in the
simplest. moments of daily life to
watch the dark shadow drifting
nearer, till sometime it must touch
us. and forever affect the years
ahead. No escape. i'or no one has
ever defeated the great victor. We
can only watch and pretend we do
not see that the shadow has filled
the corners ol' the room. and new
approaches the center where we
stand with no protection . . .

We—-the young—treat death cas-
ually.We sometimes shock our elders.
"How." they cry. “can you continue
on in your easy way. when death
walls so close?” They ask this ques-
tion of the generation that learned
long ago to be casual for protection.
When we first began to think about
the world. we were in the midst of
the grcntcst financial collapse in
history; when we first obscrved
people, we saw the ranks of defeated
inch on park benches, lhc picket
lines. the bread lilies; and finally
there canu- that afternoon in De-
ccmbcr. 1041. Oh. \ve havu been
most casual. to our cldcrs‘ horror.
Wc lcnl'hcd so many years ago to
joke about ldculs, about sex. about
nnu'riugc u joking that was almost
(ll‘HlM'l'ilii‘ at. times. but affording
some protection in a world that
offered only confusion.

We learn, from our elders, that We
puzzle them. We get married now?-
quite casually at times—and plan
l'or children. and they say we act as
if we did not know what might hap-
pcn. They cannot understand the
code, and We cannot explain it. They
seem to have forgotten that they
left us a legacy of a bitter and de-
feated world. which we taught our-
selves to accept with laughter. Be-
cause we laugh now and have the

by IHIONA RYAN

 

mysterious courage to make plans for
the future. the grey-haired ones
have decided we do not realize that
death may cancel any debts life
owes to us.

It is useless to explain. One can-
not say. "Sometimes when I talk. to
my l'ricnds. when we are laughing
and seem to be our most frivolous. it
is as if a cold wind blew from no-
where, and I stop talking, and sit
silently, and Death has been close
to me." One cannot say. “I have
sat in class. taken notes. answered
questions. and all the while my mind
has been in another country where
I am alone. where there is no escape
from loneliness. and even the stars
are cold."

No explanation.

We are casual, but not thoughtless.
Our elders mourn. “Poor children.”
they cry. “if they only knew what
may lie ahead." And yet in all his-
tory no other generation has been
ought to hate war as was ours. We
have read text-books. listened to
our teachers. debated patriotism vs.
pucificism. We know what lies
ahead with a merciless clarity.

It is true. we say little about it.
But. living with death as we do. we
may never forget. it. "Jack has gone
overseas." she says, in conversational
tones. and we answer. “Don’t worry.
he'll be all right." Our eyes say
what we really mean.

“flow they talk so matter - of -
factly?” our elders say. "But that's
what it’s like to be young. It's
merciful the way they don't realize
what may happen.” They settle
back in their armchairs com-
fortably . . .

. . . and the dark shadow takes on
substance, coming closer still. We
are frightened. we pray without;
much hope. we listen to the older
and wiser sigh that if we only
knew . . . .

No explanation.

 

