 

  
 
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 

Mu_wuﬂwwwnw-nng.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

7‘
f
9
I

saw. .s

 

 

STATE CCLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Clan of 1918

 

May 19, 1944 No. 28
Member 1 Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Lollcgliitc Digest
" lIlltIl'I"I‘iltIIItllt! ntnvspiiper ot‘ the'.\ew \ort; State
(ljtlillLiet'e l‘orb'l‘eiichers; published every I‘l‘ItIlly ot' the Col-
10"C'I'UIII‘ bv the NEWS llotii-tl for. the ‘NllIiIPlll Assochil-
IitTII. 'I’Iltilitidt Office. 5-9373: Meyers, 2-1337; Driii'y, 2-37o2.

Vol XVII

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY

National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publiibers Representative

420 MADISON AVE. NEW YORK. N. V.

CNICAGO ' BOI'IOI ' L03 AIOILIB ' SAN FRANCISCO

The News Board
DOROTHY M. MEYERS . -
SUNNA E. COOPER ;
EDNA M. MARSH f
LOIS DRURY - -
DOROTHEA SMITH -
JOAN HYLIND ’
JOAN BERBRICH - -
MARION BUETOW - -
ELIZABETH O'NEIL - -

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
(IO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SRORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

W” 93.4...

All communicalions should he addressed to the editor 'illllI
’l‘lic S'I‘A’I‘I'I t‘til.l.ltltil-i NEWS :issiiiiics no responsibilin
for opinions expressed in Its columns or (‘tilllillllllIt'illINIIS
must Iit‘ sight-d. Names will be withheld upon request.
as such expressions do not nt-ct-ssiirlly i'etlt-t-t Its view.

Ready, Get Set . . .

This has been a transitional y air for State College.
The impact o fthe war has at last matlc itself'fclt
on this school which has steadily resisted it since
1941. The student hotly has decided that college
is going tti be different for the duration and resign-
ed themselves to it. 'l‘hal is the first gootl sign we've
seen. Students have complained that State is
no longer a college. but merely a shell of its former
self. They have complained, hut done nothing
to help the situation.

We have been toltl more times than we can re—
member that it is the student body who make the
college, not the faculty or the buildings. .\Iost
people believe that is true. 'l‘ht-i'cfore thc argu-
ment has completed its circle anti the blame for a
had college comes back to the people who originated
iii the students.

The war has hroiight changes. a phrase that has
been iisetl so often as to almost heromc a cliche.
Nevertheless it is true. This year we have hccii
matle to see its truth and didn't like it. \\'e have
accepted that truth but we shouldn't sit back aiul
lament. it. Next year State will have taken its place
with the colleges in wartime, Next year is the time
to make State (‘ollege in l‘lll. not a t'tiiicgc wish-
ing it were back in the last tit-ratlc. We ran make
the college a definite factor in wartime anti no: just
a sup-over during the storm.

State has bct-n doing the usual things to help
in a war: buying hoiids. giving blood. holding llig
'l'ens tti raise moncy. But all this doesn‘t seem
to have been enough to make a tollt-gc spirit. or to
mold the students together into a unit as they tlscti
to he.

'I‘hc first ~lt'li has been taken in thc right dirt-t-
tion. the t'ollcgc has :it'tt-ptt-tl the situation. Noyi
they must determine to makc the most of it, They
must It'til‘ll to make a Itig 'l‘cn as big an event of lilt'
toIIt-gc talcndar a». a Soircc or l‘roni. lIll'_\‘ must run
their own st liool as before \\illi thc ~1imc cnlhu~i'ism.

To make the most of a new situation will be our
task next year.

The Decision Rests . . .

.'\s thc asst-mth tlcart-d last Friday. onc tlllt‘\|ltill
hung in mid»air. \\'hat is a Student l'nion.’ ln
assembly today. we will tIt-titlt- whether or not wt-
arc to he lilt‘ originators of a Student l'nion at
State.

.A\ Student l'nioii a central gathering [iIlltt'. a
thanrc to hiing about a more unified student body.
drawing the ('llllllllllll'l's tlost-r. a thantt- to platt-
State on common ground with other tollcgcs aiul
universities. To undertake snth a pi‘ojctt woiiltl
involve sitlc-stcpping many ohstatlt-s the money
in the Silltit’lll Assot iaiioii surplus would ht- merely
a drop in the hutkt-t. I"i'om that small sum must
grow thousands mort- for tomplction; then. still
llitil't‘ for lllllilllt'lh’tlitt'.

The advantages and disadvantages of a Student
l'iiioii, and Iiit‘l't' are many of both. should be
thoroughly iichstigalcd by cat h anti every student
before one vote is cast. Arguments, pro and con.
must be fully disrussrd before the final derision.

Next year. we may see the surplus either as a
two dollar decrease in every Student 'I‘ax. or as the.
birth of plans for a Student Union on the lt'arrell
House grounds. The money is in our hands. llow
shall we spend it?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS,

FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1944

Communications-

To The Editor:

Three cheers for President Saylesl
We heartedly agree that increasing
the Student Tax is merited in war
time State. Using the surplus is
the easy way out. Have we the right
to employ the funds that have been
carefully saved over a period of years
by former State classes to ease the
burden of our own pocketbooks?
The decision rests with us. This
money can and should be used for
the betterment of State College.

One purpose for which the sur-
plus can be used is the realization
of a Student Union. as suggested
last week in assembly. This Student
Union would benefit the social life
of State College not only for one
class but. for succeeding classes.

The two dollars saved would be
forgotten in a few short weeks—
consumcd by our selfish fancy—
ll‘StCiltil of being utilized in a worthy
cause. This thought must: be taken
into consideration before we plunge
recklessly into the surplus which
has been so carefully and pains-
takingly accumulated.

Two dollars. five cents a week. one
penny a day for every school day in
a year! Would you miss it? Would
it break us completely? For the
sake of 40 cakes. are we going to
selfishly deprive State—State's fu-
ture students——of the thing that we
must honestly recognize keeps us
a little behind other colleges?

Our Student Association is noted
for its democratic principles—let's
not only make it a student govern-
incnt. of the people. by the people,
but for the people.

’I‘wo I"|'CSIIIIH‘II.

To the litlitor:

Wt' don't like to complain. but
when things pile up the way things
are piling up these (lays at State. we
tind it hard to refrain. Before we
attack and bliidgcon with our gripe.

we want to get this Sil'iilHIlL-~~\\'1"l't‘

Saéatdéi

Iiy .I‘t’N'V HIV

i came up here to laugh at you
today, little round Rudolph, l rc-
member your words. slowly and car“-
t'ully formed. "The whole city is
dead . . . is bombed . . . by us. You
go and look," mid the way your hand
dropped the garden line to trace an
imaginary boinb's dcsccnl. the way
you hit the ground to wipe oiil New
York.

i listened to Johnny. a dctail boy

in khaki. quarrel with you for his
own amusement. You and i \Vl'l't‘
newcomers to the Army camp. anti
.lohnny had handled many likc you.
You didn't like your loosc picket
conspicuously iiiai'kcd l’ W in orange.
nor wt-i't- you rontciil to lioc the
rarity anti plant shrubs in an Army
camp. You hatt-tl Amt i'it'a. itiitlolph.
and l hulctl you.
.Johniiy was laughing anti Icnsing.
l inst t'itliit' back ti'om lli'ool-zlyn
It ain‘t hombt-tl not my home."
'lhcn Ilt‘ vawnctl. “Aw finish up; it's
‘moa quitim' iimt- "

itcscnitiil that you t'tiltItI lay down
your tools altci' an right—hour day.
go hack lo the prison which provided
lliti\'lt',‘w1lli(Itilllt'l‘l'l't‘l't’tllltill for you.
i didn't want to laugh. You needed
a lit-tiling! Nci-zl tiny I fussed tin'l'
my l\pc\t‘i'llci' as I tillctl lli a rcqui-
.ition Itil' "Prisoner of War lamp

. ping pong bulls."

Each day l star—

It'iiiiny Little ctl at you anti lIlI‘

It‘til’t'Iglil'l‘ others With the

PW tat-ken. You

lllitI llil‘ otht-i's paused to rcturn it.

.‘.Iill't‘. italt- grew to curiosity. anti

l wisht-tl tor Johnny's opportunity to
talk with you,

Your stories of n gi't-at ticrinany.
contpit-ring soldiers. Johnny tolti
Antl strange ru:ioms tmpcciitlly
your innovation of bathing corn
IIIlIlt‘h in milk. adding llolu'. anti
cooking the t'tillt'tit'l‘till provided
amusement tor .lolumy's lislcncrs.

I still hult-tl you whcn lit! toltl lliui
many of tilt prisoners were stift't-i‘
liig lrom ptoiinilnt- poisoning lit-caust-
they had so badly iil't'litll't'tl their
food. (iootl! l lcrvr-nlly liopctl you’d
die.

But. still I longed to talk to you,
Many tiincs as I walked by. your
hands were working to supplement
your speech. I could hear shouts of
"war" or “bombs” and Johnny's
chuckle. How hard you wore to con-
vince. then, little ltuttolph with the
rod fact: and clenchcd fists

not mercenary. just reasonable.

So now you know what our grouch
is—the increase of next year’s stu-
dent tax to $14. We're nice, ami-
able people—that is even our ﬁrst
crud letter to the Niiws. But here's
something that we have a right to
yell about because it affects us just
as much as the next guy. So we
yell . . .

President Sayles spoke about us-
ing the surplus money on hand as
the nucleus of a future student
union. He also brought to the at-
tention of the student body that
the surplus was not wholly “ours.”

A student union—just what is a
student union? As far as the ina-
jorlty of us in assembly were con-
cerned. this was the ﬁrst we had
ever heard of this remote plan. Be—
fore it was presented "0 suddenly
why didn’t HU'HIIJIHNf‘l/ introduce the
subject to us and us to the subject?
We have a vague. very vague. idea
about it. but why should we be ex-
pected to embark on so important a
venture when we don't know enough
about the whole thing to decide
whether we do or (loii'l want it?
Tell us about it.—--wc'i'e Willing to
listtn. But don‘t, thrust it upon us.
We object.

Then. too. we were confronted with
the fact that the surplus fund is not.
ours to do with what we will an—
other thing wc knew nothing about.
Haven‘t organizations received up-
propriations from it all year? We
don't. get it.

This is not a Wealthy school, a
majority of us are even working for
every penny of our room and board.
Be it two or twenty extra dollars.
it‘s another burden. Let's consider
that, too.

That's all. We‘ll bow out now
with the hope that student tax stays
at $12 or that we're givcn sonic
really good reasons why it should
be I'ilitll'tl.

’I‘riitii Seekers.

A’I‘Il 'l‘vIKAS
’l‘ight fitting lil't't't'llt‘ri anti hat with
llll'llt'tlvlll) brim. round little body
all bouncing with your fury. One
day i stopped hating you long
cnough to laugh.
As the weeks
I‘iilﬂt'l' passctl aiitl your
Beaver liiry t'oolcd. l al-
most forgot you.
You Worked as did thc others. per-
haps a little more intliisti'iously.
thn .lohnny told ill". "ltudolph‘s a
total liitlt- t'cllow. i matlc him boss of
his gang." 1 was mildly iinpi'cssctl.
"Was last night's target llci'lin or
llrooklyn‘."' i asked. .lohimy's witlc
grin slittézcstctl that New York still
burnt-d. according lo the l’ \V brood--
rant
lio vou i'ciiicmhcr, lt’utlolpli. tin-
tluy you took IIll' \\:l‘-.llll'. llitlt'IlIll“
troin iht- hands of that tall clumsy
t‘tcrnian boy" You wci't- angry that
day too. Shouting llt:.|lIl.\ in your
natnt- tongue pushing IIlt‘ awkward
ont- away. you began to t‘.l|ltIt' the
nmt-liint- yourself. The tloor iii the
ltcc llall bcgaii Io slitti". Anti :.titl—
dcnly you ‘tltiiilit'tl working. You
caught a tear on your tongue as you
listened. ’l‘hc tall clumsy boy had
found a piano and rt-mt-mbt-i't-tl n
tnmiliai' lullaby Whilc l \vulchctl
through one window, you pct-rcti at a
blue sky through another Antl
ri'it-tl too. tor a lonely littlc i'oiiiid
prisoner.

'l‘hci't- wasn't. illltilllt'l' occasion to
obsci‘vt- you. I lclt lllt' Army ciiiiip
nest tiny. traveling north to my home
and a city you rallt-tl “tit-ad
homhcd "

More ‘l‘iinc Ho i came up
For Malice Ilt'l'l' lo luugli Hi
you today lilighly~
sis sloi‘tcs ahovc IIlt' ground. in IIlt'
tallt-sl building oi the city you
IitIIIl/Ittf, i came to laugh ’l‘ht-rt-
arc tillit'l‘ lull buildings all around
me. ('t‘llll'lli Park is u \vttlc stretch
ot izi't-t-n. antl lli'otiklyn shows no
signs of tlcmolilioii. l~2Vcrylhing looks
no it tlltl before you iiiiitlc Nt'W Yoi'lt
your target . . . (iii no. in lhc harbor
lll't' many ships l luch not sccn
before. You know about strips like
them. ltutlolph.

Hoint-ttay. an American soldier may
stand litre bcsidc inc and look
toward the harbor. When he returns.
we shall come together tti laugh.

'l‘oduy. little round ltudolph. I
hate you.

MW

 

 

 

by KIPPY MARSH

As a member of the News Board. we dmandcd with
dignity that at least half a column be devoted to its this
week. The column was shoved at us with vengeance;
Well. here goes:

AROUND

The infallible Kunz who always appears at the psy-
chological moment . . . ltuback, Capcl, and Ituhcnstein
. . . bronzed and handsome . . . and Ray Verrcy who led
Dot Townsend, '44. to the altar Wednesday at Madison
Presbyterian . . . Reception at KD was enjoyed by all
and we do know the full meaning of the word
Jane Heath Takas seen fleetineg . . . dashed off to
join litisband in Baltimore . . . AI Stone. stationed in
Texas. also decorated halls . . . '43's (‘pl. l)ingm:ui back
complete with pa 'ati'oopei"s boots.

WOMEt —

ltuth lliiies cit-'45 now brightening WAC barracks
in fort. Oglethorpe. Va. . . The army wonderful
Georgia‘s wonderful. quote . . . Ruth is wonderful. un-
quoic . . . (‘pl. Kay Smith of Marines who was here a
eouplc of months ago is back at. Cherry Point, Va.
teaching inarinc gunnery Bcv l’alatsky, '43 has
also thrown in her lot with the Marines . . . And on
the lioinc fi'oiit wc have thc patriotic and beautiful
“tt'iri” Wirisloi't' sending victory garden sccds bv the
liatfiil in Corsi'a. ‘

AND THE MEN—

.ioe ’l‘assoni. fresh out of AS’l‘P twliti'. we are saviiigl.
was one of four sclcclcd logo to University of Califor-
nia . . . Ilippirk. also t'oi'mcr AS’l‘P'ti' is now at Camp
(trubcr. Oklahoma, a basic traincc with a good conduct
iibboii . . . Evans. '44, anti Baden, '45, overseas . . .
l)i'. lticiiow cooling heels in New (tuinca . . . iiici (‘urlv
Taylor '43. and (iiIt'll \‘I’ali'ath. '42 in his cxtcnsivc
travels . . . Brooks ltobcrts, '42. at Ai'inv Radar School
at Harvard . . . Art (‘olliiis.  Victoria. Kansas. is in
the hospital set back with rheumatic t'i-Vt-i' . . . ;\/(‘
liaii “0:11”. ‘45 will soon be a commissioned pilot. lian
it. at. Columbus. Mississippi . . . Bernie Sltolsltv mian
tiii'lough at Chaiuuc li‘icltl, illinois Wlicrt-in he
will diligently slutty clccti'onics . . . from which tas-
chuiiing pursuit he will be scnt to lt'Itil'ltitl in radar

school . . .. fin" thing this i'udtii' . . (ilobc—ti'ottiiig
.tlai'clit'tta  at llui'\ui'tl where to all intents and pur—
poses hc will remain for three months more . , . \ (‘

BoloMarslaiidnl Ml'l‘. sloppcd off to visit I’t-tci'

 'V 'icz. itlaislaiid, mctctn'ology. expects to bc t'tilll-
iiiissioiicd iii .ltlli" Brooks Roberts. “12 also left
Army Radar School at Harvard . .Wc tnkc back all

 

\\'c said about the eligible I'assow . . . is safely t-iigagctl
to hlill'lt‘y' Htcgcl . . . I'vt. Kt'llll)‘ George is out ot IIlt'
hospital but still suffering a I'l'lit'llll't‘tl wrist . . .nou

lt'l'li-IltllKi-t‘d. ball playt l' . . . lioug Bullinaii (Itillui lira
inilitai'y' living at l’ci'u. lntliana , . . I.t. 'I‘oinmv Bret-n
Il'tilll Albany in China with a \vt-ulht-i' .‘~.ttll£l(ll'tili,
l’lN—t'l’ BtH’

‘Ytilll’ man iniist hc lhc handsomcst onc lll iht- ,ci»
yit-t- . . .‘lﬁl'lltl lit a portrait. photoiti'uph. or siinp;-.|io| io
t‘It't'I l‘In-llp llov ol Hlillt‘.

.Ioc Ittiulicr, Ht-i'izcaiil now. still at t‘itmp t‘royytlt-r.

Mo. . . . Madalyn Ilt't'i's, '~ll. lll New (iiitiicu with thc
. . ..

I\[ d (.ioss . . . l’ai'alroopoi' “lit-ti" limits on way oyci 7
't'ili't ‘

lln'. ovation tor I.t. t'arolyii Lester. Iltt' Spurs. hut-k

tor Htutc's ('t'lllt'lllill'l Looking \‘t'l'\‘ ‘li'ig'. I.t. l'hil
.Iliicpliy. Ill. hack a \t'hilt' ago. i). a Iitillililll‘tilt'l
Innsigii I‘.tI ti'et-gaii tilit'l'tlllllt’. thvc hoiiiht~i'~. ll"

Sergeant IIt'I'I) I.ciicltci' now. too I.l. ('ai'rtill I.cliiiiaii
censoring It'llt‘l'h in Africa. also :tcntlinp. Arabian yt-\\cl
l'_\ to a State (Ytillt-iit' miss .,

Il.\.'~€ :\.'\'I) II.'\S BI‘ZI‘INN

'l'hcrc are ilic "havcs" aiul lIlt‘ "huvc iiots " (‘oiIit-~.
Hprnnz. and around the \’lll'ltill.‘. collt-iet- antl univt-rsuy
campuscr. lhci'c arc the “has-cs" antl IIll' "inn. lit'ciir. "
Home is. sonic isn't h‘lnlc is no cxrcption l'ity' ihc
poor departing chioi's. gray and worn and old Ill sayu
Ill'l'l'l. 'l'hcy watch us lutllc iipsturts stt-ppini' Ill-lit
slitit'h llml \vc hopc will iiol provt- too hog loi' iis
and somehow. tlicy Itccp on looking tiltil:ilitil:.lil\'li trcuh
and young and li't'hlilllulI-Illtt' ()h. \ycll. t'lItillHIl ot
"Kippy's Ki'iitl" so long li|| Hcplciiibcr

The Weekly Bulletin—

\lty |'.i I‘iosh Noplt .oli tlIIt I |.||li» \\ill In lti.l
i..u .-tt... ll I to on late. on Ili' In .t \lltn tit-t
H I” I“ M I'lnli oi In IItlitt ilmo

\\l|| to» go. I

\iipi. i||l \t;|;:i‘ lit-oi hm] ll HI” I,” I“,
m I't,-. IIllI H with \II ti..». .o s to t’il In i'l'l
H,'I...ioii II\ \llllIt'lll '|'..\ llil. \\tltont.- hi I'it-l
HIIHI HI H‘m‘ [HP Huh 7{lttii‘llilI\’il t\I.I’-\ Iii |-i|\

m ‘ . V .iitry .ItIII \IIl'tI\ tit--

\I‘” ~ I"“"" h""“" I'm-tn Ithona |t.\.in tl.i
totilmll gain: on ’itiic I“lclil ‘It-ntiiiioiiy .intl I‘i'oplnii
_,| :3 31.. \l.ii'iorlt- Ittcttnlg lIIIII at

H ‘ ‘ ll ilti I’ \l t'|.i-..». Hing on

“M -~‘ ‘ VI'“:“"I| “"l' t‘aiupun and 'l'oi'chlmhi

liit't-IIIIH .ii .l tlti in Loungc I’I'Iil't'w‘iliili

\t-wiuao t'luh meeting at -Ililli' In llaccalaui'catc
’Iiltl tn \t-wninn Hull. HI‘I'HI'c .il 1 Jill I' \I lit I’rllli'

-I|||Iv 5| ll'imil I'ltt'lllliliit ““H ‘
Hour“ begin. 'I'I'tl' Ill Senior III'I'JItltl‘vI

v at S ill! at tlit- IIoiiI
-I|l||t' Ill N'IIIIII' IIIIIHIIII'I t‘omint-iict-int-ni In at it!

at tho ’l'cii l'Zyt-lt llolcl. |.ii .\ \I lit I'ugc llall

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

 

 

lfic.

. o FRED WARING'S
any It VICTORY runes
Five Nights a Week

all NBC Stations

....___——

IIIGE ALLEYS

Western a Quail
ti game for school leagues
from i) AM. to it PM.

Semis/M

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1944

get me anywhere with 'I‘rig? No!

Even when I try to moocli one of
his (Ihestcrlields I have to liiid him
a whole nest of Nips to pick oll‘.

But then . . . the Colonel says we

make a swell Combination...

Remember Cliesterﬁe/d’s
RIGHT COMBINATION
WORLD’S BEST TOBACCOS

5 Key-words

For Miltlness, Better 'I‘astc

and Cooler Smol inst

sAv Teresa? .l'LLTRADE You I)  .
Two SWEATER GALS AND A i -
BROADWAY CUTIE FER A
- CHESTERFIELD

There’s a character who’s got a
Ii ‘art like his name. To him a Nip
in the trees is a notch in his gun.
Me, I've got the hottest pin-up
collection in the Pacific but does it

  

   

PAGE 3

Commencement For Seniors

Scheduled For June 19

 

Freshmen Handbook Plans,
New Associates, Announced

Marion Buctow. ’46. Editor-in-
Chicf of the 1944 F‘i'csliiiitm
Handbook, has announced her
plans for the issue.

All organization constitution
revisions anti additions will be
made. and more space will be
granted to those organizations
requiring more detailed explori-
ations as to purpose and func-
tion.

'l‘lici'c is a possibility that the
budget will be sufficient to per-
mit the addition of several new
pictures in the Handbook. As in
previous years. WAA. SCA. and
Newman Club will place their
cards in the books; Hillel will
begin the practice this year.

Miss Biietow has appointed the
following associate stuff mem-
bers for the forthcoming issue.
.loun iei'bi'ich. Audrey .lohn-
stoii. .onct- McDonald, (iIOI'Itl
Mt-lt‘eri'an, Elizabeth .I. Mt-Gi'uth.
Mary Nolan. Elizabeth O'Neil.
aiitl Marie Seuddei'. All are
Sophomores.

 

 

        

 

Copyright 19AM. I.Ilitil,l r ts MVlitth Tomato Lo.

 

JOHN NESBITT‘S

PASSING PARADE

Tues.Wecl.Thurs.Nights
all CBS Stations

 

OTTO ll. MENDE

TIII‘. COLLEGE JEWELEII

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

IIEIIIIEIIT’S

1054 Madison Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

Bostwick Announces

Newman Club Council

Marguerite Bostwick. ‘45, Presi-
dent of Newman Chib has an—
litililit'ctl the Newman Club Council
for Mitt-45. The members are:
l’i'csitlciit. Marguerite Bostwiek, ‘45:
Vicc President. Betty J. McGrath.
'46; Secretary. Mary Elizabeth Sul-
livan. '47: 'l‘rcasui'ei', Mary Straub.
'~ltl: Council Secrctai'y. .loycc Mc-
l)oiuild. '46.

Committee heads m'c. itcligious.
lililccn Moody, ‘46; Social. Marie Dc-
(fhcnc. “iii; Mciiibt-rsliip. Lucille
(ici'g. “l5; Meetings. ’ati'iciu Kear-
ney. ‘47; Ni irmttuiit ll'N. .loaii llyliiitl.
' litiiitaliou, ltosirio 'l'i'ii::.;o. "Ih;
l’uhlicity. h’ltll'Itill Muiizcr. '41.”).

The final melting of Newman (‘hib
will be held 'l‘hiirstlny at 7:30 PM.
in Newman “it”. After a brief
business meeting. there will be an
auction. coiitliictcd by Betty .1. Bill-
ner. '17. (‘liuii'niair

Iit‘\'. William t‘ahill. chaplain.
i ii t' “It‘Iit'll't' Mass for Seniors till
Monday. .liiiic lit. in tlic (il'tillti of
(tar lauly of Lourdes. lit-t'iiiitc time
v.ill ht- :iniionnct-tl later. but it will
Ilt' car-l): enough for Seniors to at-
lciitl Heiiior bi'cnltt'iisl hct'oi'c grati-
nation.

Wilcox-Merhoff Leads
As Bridge Contest Ends

As the I-lridgc ’I‘oiii'immcnt nears
t‘tililliii'litill, thci't- i't-inains onc lt'lllll
uiitlcl'culctl. lhc l\1ci'hot'l'-\\'ilcox
team,

This team will play lhc winners
ot the lti‘tt'l's tournament and lht'sc
winners will be the Bridge t'iiulll-
pious ot' Hilllt'.

Smoke May Get

Grace To Be Speaker
Sayles Confers Degrees

Turning over the final page of
their class history. the Class of '44
will hold its Commencement exer-
cises on June 19th at 10:30 A.M. in
Page Hall. The outgoing Seniors
will participate in an academic pro-
cession into Page Hall to the strains
of a march from Mcndclssohn's
Athtrliti.

’l‘he hymn. America, the Beautiful
will open the. formal ceremony. Rev.
William Francis Cahill, D.D.. will
then deliver the Invocation. Clouds
by Ernest Charles and Prclutfc from
Tim Cycle of Lifc by London Ronald
will be rendered by the State Col-
lege Chorus.

(in once to Speak

Alonzo C. Grace. A.B.. A.M., Phil.
(Z‘oinmissioncr of Education in the.
State of Connecticut will be the
Commencement Speaker for the
morning. The topic of his speech
is as yet unknown. The conferring
of degrees by l-"rcsitlent .lohii Sayles
will directly follow the Commence-
ment address. ltev. Harry C. More-
liouse will give the Benediction.
preceetlcd by the Doxology. The
National Anthem will close the pro-
gram. aiitl the Seniors, now grud-
uates. will leave us the Recessioniil,
llltircli Poiilificttl by (lounotl is
played.

Senior Banquet

Beginning their last week of group
fcusls and programs, the Seniors will
met-t III the Ten Eyck Hotel on Fri-
day. June 16. at '7 P.M.. for the
annual Senior Banquet. Lucille
Grants. ‘44. will be Toastinisli'css for
tire evening and Dr. J. Allen Hicks.
Pi't’ifcssor of (,luidancc, will be the
guest of thc Class of ‘44.

Class Day Exercises will follow the
Banquet on Saturday. June l7th. at.
itiiiti PM. in Page Hall. Frederick
sh will: iccr. President. \\lIl welcome
thi- class in an opening speech.
Nancy .lcnii Wilcox will then read
the Class l-listory. and Rhona Ryan
will deliver the Class Pocm which
she. as Class Poet. has created. The
Class ’l‘cstimoiiy and Prophecy will
be given by Marjorie Bi'iicnig. At
tizitti PM, the class will meet on
the (‘ainpus where thc lust class sing“
ot lhc year will be held. Following
the slug will be the ll'llt’lllltilitll
’l'ort'hlight Procession at which the
lowcr—classmcii carry the “torches”
for ilic outgoing chioi's. ’l‘liis may
be t-onsidci'cd llic last and final
informal parting bt-twccn the Class
of '-l-l and thc stiitlciils who will
remain here ‘ll Slate.
Baccalaureate .‘it'l'VIt't'

(in Sunday. June ltl. thc animal
llarcalaiu'catc Service will bc licl(l iii
Page Hall at -l:1lti l’ M.

.lust pi'cct-ctling ('tilllllll'ilt't'llll'lll.
lIll' tinnl closing ol the curtains on
lilt‘ (‘hiss of “H. the mcmbcrs of llic
class will t-ongrcgatc in the "lloiil"
:il it12lti A M tor the Senior Breakfast}.
A cup of cotlcc and a pastry roll will
thus scal lllt‘ll' history

In Your Eyes

ButL Night And Day It's Stardust

ti. I'II (it/ Hit

7. .lt/ ’I‘Iit ’I'Iiiiit/s You do

h' St. Louis HIIIIN

ii. (‘Iiltit
Ill. Hit/unit I'Itiut

'l‘liiis the musical taste of Htulc.
'l‘hul is. all but one. She stands
alone lIliillI( tiotl. We give you
Ilt'l' choices. which we loci are tiuilc
the most original subiiiitlctl:

i Nitmmri' is Il‘IIIIlt ii in

'J Ali/sou”

.‘t. ll'illou. lt'illoic. ll'illoic

-1. HI. lioitIN Ii'litt s

h. ()l‘t I' 'I'lit rt

tl. t'tiiup/oicii It'ut't .s

7. lilacs- lit IIlt’ Nit/lit

tt. Night out! [My

ti. liltitlt'moisrl.lt' [i'oni zll'lllt'H/lt'l'N
tti. lv‘rtiulric toid .Ioliiiiiic

ilcr tastes iil‘t' wide and varied.
She. is by no means it narrow»iiiliitlt~d
soul.

Enough of that. Our task was
to discover the ten favorite songs.
That We did. We givv them to you.
Hui-o. latte 'tim. thitcurtt, Christian
Holtlicrs.’

it‘rom the inner stint-trims ot' the
minds of Kilt-y. \\'iirlz. iiiitl L‘ruii-
tlcll originated the idea for an all-
State. til|»tiiiic favorite song uclcc-
lioii. It t'lilllt‘ Yes. a ficntllsh pliiii
devised to hcfutldle. exhaust and
till with hatrctl two freshmen who
luboz'cd 'tll the infinitesimal hours
of the morning to calculate and
i'ccoi'tl the choices of State's t-lite
'l‘lie compIt-tctl mass or mess. its you
will. is rtrully only a product of u
t~i'o:\.-.-scction of our institution's
nmtricululiiig students mainly
those "clinructcrs" habitually Iiabi~
tnting the l'. t).

'l‘lic ut'tiye little niiiitls inside.
these ivy~cthu‘od hulls worried to
think tip the most original list. All
this slewing of gray matter result-
ed in one hundred tiiitl fifty-six tllf~
ferent favorites. 'l‘he favorites of
the favorites arty:

l. Stardust

2. Ut'ﬂlit (lit: Htfylliilt'

ii. Siiiolrt: (into In Your Eyes

4. Night And Day

is. Deep Purple

  

