  
     

  

 

  

—by KIPPY MARSH

GOLD STAR -

‘Another Gold Star on the Service Flag will be for
Bob Gleason, class of ’44. Bob was wounded in July.
received the Purple Heart and returned to action.
Word was recently received that Bob was killed in
action.

The Purple Heart has also been awarded to Lt.
Andrew Takas, in France. ‘ Andy received face wounds
under fire from German 88’s.

SCENE OF THE CRIME

George Kunz, having run out of furlough time and
having worn out the seat of the Chi Sig couch. re-
turned to Lakeland, Florida. . Bernie Skolsky.
stopping at State enroute to Arizona had one com-
ment to make about the freshman girls “Ummh-
ummh." . . . Lt. Bob Patton was also around to deco-
rate the desks of the 2 columnists and reports that
he is fresh from the South Pacific “but nuthin’ ever
happens." . . . A leave of 21 days . . . Frederica Kurk-
hill has arrived in North Africa to serve as a Red
Cross assistant. . . .

SENIOR WOMEN

Angle Fabrizio still at boot training for the Spars
in Miami Beach, Florida. . . . Former SPAR-ing part-
ner Porky Munson is in Brooklyn doing same. . . .
Wave Esther Poskanzer doin’ time at the U. S. Naval
Training Station in the Bronx. . . . ’44 femmes. . .
Former Crown-holder Latlmer on hand to crown her
successor Mary Now . . . now WAC Latimer leaving
behind a crew of WAC devotees giving out with
Army songs. . . . Word also from WAC Aney missing
the “wild times” she hears about. . . .

MEN AGAIN

Donald Walsh, '45, now Lieutenant Walsh, naviga-
tor . . . “Reap the Wild Wind." Hipplck back to Okla-
home . . . Greetings from Passow via Mrs. “War Fronts"
still happy in Hawaii . . . Harry Baden, ’45 in Belgium.
A note from one of our paid correspondents (Join the
union and make a mint) that Bob MacGregor now
home will be overseas shortly . . . Our correspondent
points out that we had given out the information a
little pre-maturely . . .

GRIT-CHAT

Shining in reflected glory '. . . State's own Brain-
Child Rhona Ryan had first article printed with' by-
line . . . We do love knowing famous people . . . As a
note on the political situation what with everybody
being so serious and all. we would like to add our
own to the affair — to wit. phooey on Dewey d —- the
Democrats and ph-h-pht to Clare B —— Luce.

WM 4%

By SHIRLEY PASSOW

President Roosevelt jubilantly announced late Wed-
nesday the defeat of “most of the Japanese Navy" in
the biggest sea-air battle of the Pacific war. Several
large Japanese vessels were sunk and the remainder
damaged by Admiral William F. Halsey’s 3rd and 7th
Pacific fleets in two engagements in the Philippines
——around Leyte Island. where Gen. Douglas Mac-
Arthur’s men are battling forward on a 25-mile front.
A third engagement is progressing south of Formosa.
We lost a number of PT boats and the 10,000-ton
carrier, USS Princton, the fifth carrier we have lost
to date.

“THEY AGREED"

In a rebuttal to President Roosevelt’s speech in
New York City last Saturday night, Campaignstcr
Dewey told a Minneapolis audience this week, “I
have emphasized. as my opponent has not. that:
‘We must make certain that our participation in this
world organization is not subjected to reservations
that would nullify the power of that organization to
maintain peace and to halt future aggression'.”
Dewey also scored the President for his isolationism,
as evidenced curly In the 1030's.

President Roosevelt Saturday night urged that
Congress give the American representative to a. world
organization, authority to act without obtaining ap-
proval on each specific move.

Governor Dewey this week was under pressure to
extend voting hours on November 7, to uccmnmodutc
war workcrs and others.

ItEVOl/l‘ IN SPAIN

On October 21, slccpy Spain began to shake off the
Franco nightmare. Revolt stirrch the Pyrenees bor-
dcr between France and Spain. whcrc Loyalist. quer-
rillas have been cachcd sincc the 1036 Civil War and
from where they had aided the Frcnch Moqnis. A
series of incidcnts along the border progressed to
raids on fuctorics and snbotagc of communications.
“Conquest of Spain," official umlergrouiul paper of
the Republican junta. published at secrct rpmricrs
in Madrid. and the French press painted the out-
break as countcr-revolution against Franco and the
Falungc. Dc Ooullc ordcrcd the border closed. Gor-
mun and official Spanish papers pooh-poohcd the
raids, reportingr thc recapture of a munbcr of vil-
lages and threatening cxccution of the partisans. The
Spanish Embassy in London denied the newspaper
report that 40,000 Germans had fled from France to
Spain and had been re-cquippcd as a battle unit.
There were rumors that American and British para-
chutlsts had dropped arms to thc rebelling Maqui-
sards.

 

 

 

 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1944

The Case Resl‘s

 

November I'l will be a crucial day
in our history. This Election Day is a

’ conflict between liberalism and iso-

lationalism and conservatism. This
election will determine the future
course of U. S. policy and will eith-
er be a shot-in-the-arm for the
Republican Party or a death blow
to the principles which it now rep-
resents.

We are no longer a sequestered
little nation. As our scope expands.
so must our policies to bring about
a workable coalition of forces. The
trend is toward liberalism. And
once we beat our path. we will not
be able, nor will we want to, re-
trace our steps. Rather, let us
continue forward.

But some of us are still rooted in
adolescence, a kind of naivete that
will accept the word of theDaily
News or the Knickerbocker News
without further questioning. And
when an election is simultaneously
writing our destiny, naivete and In-
tellectual adolescence are not exact-
ly the best of footholds.

This immaturity is a versatile
little virus. It will even prompt a
reader to discontinue reading this
column if it is not in accord with
his views. It will make him protest,
instead of read on, when he sees the
Republican campaign called a Cam—
paign of Falsehoods.

But the fact remains that docu-

. merits have been released from the

White House time and again reveal—
ing Dewey not only as misquoting
but with delivering false quotations.

In any kind of fight, hitting below
the belt is a last resort. What else
would have prompted Stancy High
in the Saturday Evening Post to
boldly state that the New Republic,
Nation, and PM are taking orders
from the Communist New Masses.
The editors of these publications
outright denounced High and his
statement. and Mr. High's words
might taste a little bitter when he
has to eat them himself.

It is sad when the obvious bulwark
of the Republican Campaign is based
on petty issues of the day when there
is so much at stake. Perhaps the
most vital issue of the campaign is
the foreign policy. Dewey has cir-
comnavigated this issue in true mari-
time style. It is now two weeks
before the election. and to date he
has refused to come out with any
definite statement. When a man
can’t take a definite stand and
adhere to it. when a man is dictated
to by his bosses, the isolationists.
(Gerald K. Smith, Gannett, Patter-
son. Fish) such a man is a figure-
head and he belongs not in the White
House and not in a democracy.

Mainly because of this issue, the
New York: ’I‘i'ntos shifted its support
to Roosevelt. And last week. it took
courage and the old-fashioned Amer-
ican intcrgrity for Republican Sen-
ator Ball to attack Dewey on his
foreign policy statements as vague
and cvnsivc. Senator Joseph H. Ball
staked his entire political future to
rise above party affiliations to back
whom he considered the better man.

And to another great American,
Wendell Wilkic, let us pay tribute.
And let us not forget that he could

by scum cooren

 

have had the Republican nomination
if he played the game by convention-
al rules—as Dewey did. It Just hap-
pened that the rules conflicted with
his principles.

We all affirm that We must
win the peace. This is one time
when we can’t afford to do a thing
half-way. Most certainly our mem-
ber of the world peace organization
must have the strength and foresight
for quick action. He must be a man
who has proven his word!

At such a time, the straight facts
are the only ones that add up. Who
can question the foresight of a man
who in 1937 asked that a quarantine
be thrown around the disease of Nazi
aggression in Europe? Who fought
for Selective Service against the op-
position of the Senate and the isola-
tionist press? Who was responsible
for selecting our great military lead-
ers? And how many people know
that the battleships which are being
used in this invasion of the Philip-
pines had their appropriations made
and their keels laid BEFORE PEARL
HARBOR! President Roosevelt was
the first President to recognize
the Soviet State.

Now take the other side of the
situation: Thomas Dewey boasts of
his large New York State surplus
and conveniently forgets that it was
created almost in entirety by
Lehman. Secondly. he has openly
attributed the depression to Presi-
dent Roosevelt when any historian
will tell you the credit goes to Her-
bert Hoover. But it is neither of
these which has destroyed our faith
in the Governor. It is the way he
deliberately misleads his audiences
on the Soldier Vote Issue. Two weeks
ago he stated that “77 per cent of
the eligible soldiers and sailors of
our State have had ballots mailed to
them already.” The implication is
that Dewey put up a valiant fight for
the soldier vote. In reality he re-
fused to authorize the use of the
Federal Ballot which would have in-
sured a 100 per cent vote by service-
men! It’s true that 7'7 per cent of
the eligible servicemen have been
mailed their ballots. but it is not
through any effort on Dewey's part.
It is because the Army, Navy, news-
papers, unions. and organizations
distributed over a million.

Moreover, Dewey’s law disenfran-
chised multitudinous numbers of
merchant seamen, Red Cross and
OWI workers, and civilian Army and
Navy personnel from New York State
who are serving overseas. Yot,
PC'HIISJ/likt‘ltlﬂ and N (no J crscy ( both
their g/ollcl'nors drc chuhlicmts/
anulltorizcd lhc I'v'cdoml Ballot and
um assured. Hut! .0!) percent of their
scrciccmcu houc oh'cody had their
ballots scul (ml.

Governor Dewey had the chance to
prove himself; he muffcd the oppor-
tunity. The notion needs a leader,
not. one whose sole attributes are a
smooth tongue, an engaging smile.
and an isolationist backing!

In all sincerity, this columnist
challenges any student to defend
Thomas E. Dcwcy on this page next
week in the face of the official facts
and data here presented.

 

Bonded Bourbon

 

Reviewing :1 Ruth Draper perform-
uncc, in 1944, is not an cosy job. I
find myself in the pcculiur position
of thc dual pcrsonulity. As it mcm-
bcr of last. Friday night’s audicncc,
I sat back. relaxed and howled.
thoroughly dclightcd. But a critic. 1
loft Pogo Hull that. evening with tho
bromic bud taste in my mouth.

The skctchcs, all of them originul,
begun with A (Illlldrcu‘s Party in
I-‘Iiilmlt'lphiu. smucklng reminiscent-
1y of tho culogizcd Main-Liners.
inst-moving piccc flavored with doll-
clous puntomimc. it portrayed the
hard-labour untics of one of thc
matriurcinll ovcrsccrs at u fashion-
ubic chlldrcn's party. The othcr
members of the cost. although pro-
ducts of imagination. wrrc strungcly
visiblc under the spoil of udcpt
inimcry.

Dot-lors and Dicis, n sutirc on the
obvious. was morc than supporch by
the rich Drupcr brand of humor in
writing. The stage business was dc.-
lighti‘uily realistic.

The juvenile Vcru Vogue quality
of Young (lb-l at u Dam-c with. c.
Man made the opening of the last

'.>

By MICHAEL ‘

 

———_

half of the program a ruthor pnthc-
tic one. In splic of its script appeal,
it rcmuincd unconviiwing both for
psychological und physiological rcu-
sons. too apparent to tho audience
to cnumcrutc.

But then come the piccc (I0 rc-
sistuncc, 0". HH' I’orr-Il in o Mollic
Coos! Villuoc. when the subjective
and objcciivc sclvcs mct und iucrgcd.
when critic and nudicncc fully uc-
knowlcdgcd Ruth Drnpcr’s title of
The Great. As a cidcry New England
womun. woullhy In unccdoic mid
ovcr-thc-l'cncc gossip. shc established
hcr fortc through shurp dialect.
siudicd i‘ucini cxprcssion. and u
scratch of tlic knuckle.

And with the two i‘lnul portrait-s.
I’lm' (u Franco, 1qu null Vit‘c Io.
[from-r. Iii/,0, touching in their rungc
und Iutcnsiiy. Miss Drupcr dcpnrtcd,
thc nudicncc hcr own. In both a
pcusunt 1‘chlch in thc tangle of war,
shc wicidcd control, through cmotion.
in a language iiicomprchonsiblc to
many. in tho Iii/,0 piece. the Immo—
biic tcndoruoss of flit rcoolr, tho
rusping hoursonoss of boo/Hr, and the
savage triumph of u Berlin. one
woman bccumo Incomparable.

0

Student Union . . .

The Naws is this week printing the long awaited
report of the committee who have been investigating
the possibility of using Farrell House as a Student
Union. The consensus of opinion seems to be that
the group house cannot be used.

This is rather ironic since the much discussed
Student Union motion was finally passed last Spring
when the possibility that State might have a Student
Union in the next few years was made more manifest
in Farrell House. The main objection to a Student
Union seemed to be that the present student body
objected to having the fruits of their labor used by
students 15 or 20 years from now.

The deed is now done. Farrell House seemingly
will not be used. The ‘motion passed last year
states that in case of such a decision by the com-
mittee surpluses and student tax funds will accumu-
late for a new building. Thus, succeeding student
bodies will contribute to the fund until some lucky
group will become the recipients of a new activities
building.

This, we believe to be the best plan. Extra—
curricular activities at the College, while not ideally
housed, are more adequately so than they would be
at Farrell House. Just for the sake of sayingr that
State College has a Student Union would not be
reason enough for cramping the various organization
into spaces smaller than they enjoyed when the
Publications Office usch to house most of them.
The committee itself cancels any other use the
Union might have by naming facilities used now in
the College.

This does not eliminate thc fact that u change
will have to be made in the next few years. Follow-
ing the war on expansionist movement is being
planned for the College. Thc Publications Office and
Commons will not then be adequate. Without being
heroic about it, we can then feel that our money will
do some good. The student body will then be in a
better position to determine the facilities they will
need and erect a buildingr which will best uccomotlutc
the activities of the school.

 

Richardson Mayhem . . .

For the poor unforiumitc who finds himsclf on
tho third floor of Richardson between classes, lifc
is not beautiful. Crushcd bctwccn several other
unfortumttcs, hc inches down two flights of stairs to
finally cmcrgc disheveled and exhausted at the
bottom floor. Those trying to go up are cquully
unfortuluitc.

\Vc suggcst that the faculty in Richardson slugger
thc curls of their classes so that students may travel
to :qu from classes without four of Iifc and limb.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

 

Vol XXIX Octobcr 27. 1944 No. ti
.\IcuIIu-r Distributor
Assocluictl t‘ollcrlnic l‘i'css (‘oIln-ginlc [Mgr-st
l‘hc Iiinici‘gro-iuutc ucu‘spopcr of tho .\'c\v i‘ol'l.’ Slut--
t‘ollcgu lol‘ ’lcuI-hcrs; puIlIIslu-II cvt-ry Friday of tho (‘oI»
cgc your liy lilo NI‘IWH IIoanI l'or lIu- Sltlclcnl Associn

lion. l'lloncs: lll'l'lcc, 5~ilil71i; Hoyt-rs, ‘..' lIIIiT; Ilrurv " "T'I"

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING UY
National Advcrilsmg Scrwcc. Inc.
College Publisher: Ifcllrcimloliw
420 MADISON AVE. NEW YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' DOOION ' LOO ANOILIE ' SAN FIANCIDCO

The News Board
DOROTHY M. MEYERS -
SUNNA E. COOPER i
EDNA M. MARSH i
LOIS DRURY -
DOROTHEA SMITH CIRCULATION MAN/usiin
JOAN HYLIND - - scours EDITOR
JOAN BERBRICH
ELIZABETH O'NEIL

 

EDITOR-IN‘CHIEF

(IO-MANAGING EDI lOllS

BUSINESS MANAGER

ASSOCIATE. LUITOII

ASSOCIATE IiDlTClIl

 

«slit-w 2

All couuuunicnllous should In- uthlrcssmi Io lin- of Mir
'i‘Im S'I‘A'l‘lvi t‘tiiilil'itllll NMWS tisnllincs no rcsptlnsilhl‘llllll
for opinions cxprcsscti In Ils columns or comumuiculIomi
IIIIIHI be signed. Noun-s will hc withhold upon rcuuost.
us such cxpi't‘sslolls do not ucccssurlly rci‘lccl Its vlcw.

STATE COLLEGE r EWS. FRIDAY, OCTOIER I1, 19“

 

Slates Services

For State Sunday

SCA Plans Activities;
To Debate Wednesday

Traditional State College Sunday
and a debate between state and
Albany Medical College have been
scheduled by Student Christian Asso-
ciation for the coming week.

State College Sunday will be held
Sunday at the Madison Avenue Pres—
byterian Church at 11 A. M. Jean
Winyall, '45. General Chairman, has
announced the program for the ser-
vice. The Reverend William H. Mc-
Conaghy will give a sermon on “The
Sacrament of Teaching.” The SCA
chorus wil sing under the direction
of Nora Crumm, '45, and the Offer-
tory Solo will be rendered by Jus-
tine Maloney, ’48. Dr. John M. Sayles,
President of the College, will read
the scripture. Following this, Eleanor
Hayeslip, ‘45, President of SCA, will
speak about the work of the organi-
zation.

Committee chairmen are Alice
McGowan. ’46. Publicity Committee;
and Betty Hansen, ’46, Office Com-
mitce. Paul Penrose. Clyde Cook,
and James Whytock', Sophomores,
and John Bolles, Solon Horn. Rodney
Folder, Donald Herold. and Harold
Vaughn, freshmen, will usher. All
State College students are invited to
attend, regardless of denomination.
Schedules Debate

SCA will hold its second general
meeting of the semester on Wednes-
day at 7:30 P. M., in the Ingle Room
of Pierce Hall. There will be a debate
between State and Albany Medical
College. Two state women will up-
hold thc affirmative and two medical
students the negative on, “Resolved:
That a system of socialized medicine
should be adopted, making available
to all complete medical service at
public expense.”

“It is expected that the Medical
College contestants will be accom-
panied by a group of their cohorts.
who promise a lively discussion of
the subject after the debate." said
Jean Griffcn, ’46, Program Chair-
man.

Student Union Plan

(Cmtliuucd from page 1, Column 1)
get the building into working con-
dition. the approximate cost for the
operation of such a venture for one
year has been compiled by the 001m
mittcc as follows:
Man and wife to act as chapel-—

ones and live at the Union .... ., $2000
Man for upkeep tgrounds. ole! 750

 

  
  

Heat   850
Repairs and cleaning 1000
Electric bill  300
Water  100
Telephone bill 120

250

Insurance  
Yearly upkeep and operation. $5370

Including incldcntuls and under—
estimates. the committcc set. the cost
of opch ion at $6,000 to $7,000 ycurly.
Fiu‘iIilil‘s Avuilnblc

Thc rcporl continucs with u rcsumc
of i‘ucilitics already available in thc
collcgc, whcrc thc space. the hunt
and thc clcctricity arc free.

i. A Ioungc is iiVilllillllt' during lhc
duy nod for any cvcniug mcctings.
It could be kcpt up bctlcr und uscd
Illlll’i' to thc l'uturc.

2. ’l‘licrc is bottcr :uul morc udc-
qunlc dancing spucc in the Gym.
which holds ut lcust. lititl pcoplc. and
tho Commons. 100.

ii. 'I‘lu‘rc is u cui‘ct.ci'ln, and Miss
Shortluy hus cxprcsscd hcr willing-
ncss Io ()|)i'll it nil (lay and huvc un
icc (:rcum bur with concs, sodus und
sunducs cvcn sandwiches ull dny
if thc studcnts wish. Dr. Suylcs is
ricflnitcly inicrcslcd in having :1
Milk Bur or Snack Bur of sonic sort
opcn in tho cvvnlug.

-i. Fucilitics urc nvuiiobic for ping
pong and curds in thc Conunons. and
in thc Commons and PO. honsc 1111
our orgunizutlons und sccm to how
udcquutc room. 'l‘hcrc is. hochcr.
no solution to thc problcm of uccom—
moduling commtilcrs und ulumni.

In light of thcsc i'ucts. thc invosli~
gating committcc dccms that. having
it icnlporm'y Student Union in For—
rcIl House is not worth the cost.

The next. rcporl of tho inVcsiigut-
lug committcc will contuin recom-
mcuduiions with regard to u pcrmu-
ncnl. Student. Unlou.

 

 

Students To 000': Faculty
In Question-Answer Show

This year the faculty is giving
the students of State College an
opportunity that many have
long desired—this year on the
evening of November 18, some
wiseacres of the faculty will an-
swer any questions the students
of State College submit to them.
A question box will be placed
near the student P.O. on Mon-
day, October 30.

Get your questions in early so
that the student-faculty com-
mittee can assemble them for
mistress of ceremonies, Helen
Slack. The faculty committee
for the entire show consists of
Dr. Vivian 0. Hopkins, chair-
man; Dr. Margaret Hayes and
Dr. Watt Stewart.

 

 

 

WAC Elects
Liebl As Head,-

Names Chairmen

War Activities Council elected
officers and committee chairmen at
a meeting Thursday, October 12.
Plans for this semester were also
made at that meeting.

The newly appointed officers are:
Chairman, Marie Liebl, ’46; Secre-
tary. Kay Hagerty, ’47: and Treasurer
Ann Fritz, ’45. Esther Albright, ’46.
was chosen as Junior Class repre-
sentative to the Council to replace
Marjorie Cronin. who has resigned.

An All-State Blood Bank is sched-
uled for November 10 under the
chairmanship of Philip Lashinsky,
’47. Students who wish to donate
blood must be at least 18 years of
age and, if under 21. must present
a signed release from home at the
donor station. A sign-up sheet has
been posted on the bulletin board
in lower hall of Draper. and re-
leases can be obtained at the
Stamp Booth. According to Lash-
insky. "This war is our responsi-
bility, too—let's have a 100% turn-
out in true State spirit.”
Committee Heads

Nancy Randerson, '46. was named
Chairman of the Service Flag Com-
mittee, with Dr. Louis C. Jones.
Assistant Professor of Englile as
faculty advisor. Chairman of the
Home Nursing Committee is 
Albright, who will be assisted by Miss
Ellen G. Stokes, Dean of Women.
Information concerning the Home
Nursing Classes will be posted on the
bulletin board outside Dean Stokes“
office. Co-chairmen of the Poster
Committee of the Council are Sunna
Cooper. ’45, and Miss Hagcrty.

Students Form
Roosevelt Group

State College for Roosevelt 01'—
ganization. u group which will
function during the presidential
campaign, has been formed in an
effort to prove that a majority of
Sluic students favor a fourth term
for thc Prcsidcnt. 'l‘hc connnitlcc
will (‘Il't'lllillt‘ a petition in the
sorority untI group houses. A goal
of tith) signatures hus been set.

Commutcrs huvc bccn requested
to contuct one of the co-chuirincn
in ordcr to sign the petition. This
group will cndcuvor to show
through the pctition that young
voters or prospcctlvc voters with u
higlicr cducution l'uvor Roosevelt.

Co-chuirmcn uro Jnmcs Crun-
dull. ‘46. Sunno Cooper. Lcuh
rI‘ischlcr and Cccilc Goltlbcrgcr,
Seniors; ’i‘oni O‘Brien and Evelyn
Wolff. Juniors; and Philip Lush-
insky, lcorgc Hess and Shirley
'l‘uylor, Sophomores. .

Stamp Sales Hit Rock Bottom

Rcsults of thc succcss of the first
two works of thc Stump Booth Inch
bccn inbulutcd. and urc hcrcby pub-
lished $30. Student Council wishes
to cxprcss lls regret that the students
hch not coopcruicd In this project.

'l‘hc following urc u few interesting
statistics: if ouch mcmbcr of tho
studcnt body purchuscti only one ten
cont stamp, the returns would have
bccn $100.

  
       
     
       
    
    
      
       
       
 
      
    
       
         
       

   

 
 

Campus Queen Mary Now and her court. from r. to 1.: Rita Shapiro, Gertrude Kaspar, Harriet
Brinkman, Martha Sprenger, Mary Now, Dorothea Smith, Evelyn Wolff. Sally Johnson, Alice Prlndle;
Pages, Evelyn Dorr and Lee Braun.

 

Now Crowned Campus Queen,- Ruth Draper
SOphomores Down Frosh In Skits

A hushed silence, hopeful hearts, a
stately march, a clarion call to
beauty and the queen in the eyes and
hearts of State is ushered in by her
court of loveliness. Beauty every-
where when pretty Mary Now accept-
ed the crown, state's homage to
beauty. from Pvt. Patricia Latimer,
last year’s Campus Queen. and then
ascended those purple stairs. It
wasn't a cheer but a roar of welcome
that proceeded Pat's walk to the
stage. Once again the sparkling
crown was placed upon a trembling
head.

Then for entertainment! “You
gotta get up. you gotta get up" her-
alded the soph skit as the class of
’47 presented their version of a G. I’s
dream. This particular soldier of
Uncle Sam found everything from a
girl—jammed commons to the reign
of Lashinsky’s harem in the land of
nod.

The lighter side of life took the
center of the stage as the frosh in
their first big-scale production gave
duo honor to Mother Goose. Little
Jock I-lorncr, Mary Quite Contrary.
and Little Bo-Pccp gave out with

Gerg Sets Deadline

For Individual Pictures

Lucille Gcrg, editor of the Peda-
goguc emphasizes the fact that all
individual Pad pictures are to be
completed by Monday, October 30.
If the book is to reach its deadline
and be issued on time this year. it
is absolutely necessary that stu-
dents return their proofs two days
after receiving them.

The first picture contest. spon-
sored by Pedagoguc. will close
Wednesday. November 15. These
pictures should include nctuul
rcprcscntutions of college life and
activities, as seen around campus.
Anyone wishing to submit prints
should put them in a scaled cn-
vclop and drop them in the Pcd
mailbox before that (late.

 

Today’s Gallop Poll Decides
Enlronls In "Who’s Who”

Hi. dream girl! You‘re beau—
tiful. populur. versatile. and”
to top il. ull offv—uctivc in State
ui'i'uirs! !

Now. the truth about the of-
fnir is this: today. Student
Council is conducting u poll
from 2:30 PM. to 4:30 PM. in
lower Drupcr to find those mur-
vcis in thc Scnlor Cluss. Their
names will appear in "Who's
Who among univorsitics and
colicgcs of Amcricu.

Lost year, through on unfor-
tunuic slip-up this poll was not
conducch and our Seniors were
dcpriwd of llilVIllg‘ their class-
males have this tumor. but this
your the plan has been rcopcncd
(Inc to popular demand.

Dcmocrucy forchl'. This is
no closed mutter for Seniors.
All of Student. Association will
be allowed to vote for their
favorites.

 

 

sheepish slams against '47. Alas the
judges handed out their fateful de—
cision and the cheers of the green
gremlins drowned out all other
sounds. All that and to point too!

Afternoon events got underway
with the banner hunt at 12:30 P. M.
The green gremlins with their X—ray
eyes spied the 'tell tale fringe’ of the
'48 banner comfortably nestling
above the Page Hall stage. Blood-
shed was averted when Myskania
decided to call the turmoil off and
schedule another banner hunt.
Meanwhile the Sophs had safeguard-
cd their banner somewhere in our
fair city. A dreary drenched ’48
trudged wearily home.

One of the best features of Campus
Day was not planned; it was the
familiar ‘44 faces seen around school.
Such ’44 notables as Janet Baxter.
Mary Betty Stengel, Ozzie Serabian,
Fred Shoemaker, Jim McFeeley,
Eunice Baird. Beowulf Clark, and
Pat Latimer, were present and ac-
counted for. It made us realize
that you don‘t forget ‘the College
cf the Empire State.

Hillel To Set Up
Culture Groups

A meeting sponsored by Hillel of
all those interested in Jewish cul—
turc will be held in the Lounge on
Wednesday at 3:30 PM. From the
:tudcnts present. study groups will
be formch to cover various phases
of Jewish art, music, history,
language, customs, etc.

Harriet Grccnbcrg. ‘46. President.
announces the executive board for
thc your: Sclnm Kricsbcrg, ‘46.
Vicc-prcsldcnt; Julia Boxer, ’46,
'l‘rcusurcr; Priscilla Wcinstein, '47,
Sccrctury; Abbie Swycr, '45. Senior
rcprcsvcntutivc; Judith Gvcrofsky,
‘46. Junior representative; Bernice
Cohen. '47, Sophomore representa-
tive; Leonard Koblcnz. '48. fresh-
mun representative.

Mollie Kramer, '47. has been ap-
pointcd chairman of the Church
Visitation Committee.

The burn dance formerly sched-
ulcti for this semester has been
posiponcd until cnriyncxt semester.

 

Commission Takes Over "Vic"
Sludcnt Council has placed
Campus Commission in charge of
the Vic Committee for the Com-
mons. Due to thc conunission's
jurisdiction over other organiza—
tions in the Commons. it seemed
natural to include this committee
us part of the group. However, the
Vic Connnittcc will retain its old
incmbcrs under this new ruling.

OTTO II. MENDE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER

 

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

(Continued from page 1, column 8)
parts in a lifetime that they really
love, Miss Draper has the rare oppor-
tunity to choose and create each
character for herself. She has no
favorite. but admits that some are
much more "loveable" than others.
Each one. however. becomes a part
of her. and not only does she adopt
his thoughts and words but also his
appearance. This, she feels. is a
talent which cannot be acquired.

Her ideals for the theatre are high.
She wants to lift it to the high plane
which she knows it is capable of
reaching. “I feel an audience will
rise to the height of the performance.
—-I have never played down to an
audience in my life."

She depends for a great deal of
her effect on the variety of her per-
formances. each of which contains
several different types of sketches.

Miss Draper was very enthusiastic
in her praise of the teaching profes-
sion which she considered one of
“great responsibility." “You hold
the whole future of the nation in
your hands." she said.

Heads Phi Delta Kappa

Dr. C. Currien Smith was elected
president of Phi Delta Kappa at
a meeting at the University Club
last Thursday afternoon. Phi Delta
Kappa is a graduate education
fraternity that meets at intervals
to discuss educational theories.

As president, Dr. Smith will sue-
ceed Dr. Edwin K. Van Kleek,
Assistant State Education Com-
missioner.

Dr. Smith served as secretary-
trcusurcr of Phi Delta Kappa last
year.

I’i Gamma Mu

Pi Gamma Mu. honorary social
studies fraternity, has announced
that it will soon take in new mem—
bers from the accelerated Juniors.

 

 

GOOD FOOD

In a Friendly,
Comfortable

Atmosphere

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

.u .w— humeIL€n*r»n-t~wr1ﬁ 1- ~

 

          
     
      
     
       
    
   
   
   
   
   
     
  
 
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
    
     
   
   
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
      
 
   
       
      
            
          
    
           
       
    
          
    
     
       
          
         
        
        
     
       
    
       
           
     
      
    
        
      
       
   
     
 

