 

 

 

 

 

 

:ummnw, ._ .

   
  

EF'ETCVIL‘LHAIINZL u

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

PAGE 2
Breunig Releases
Rules, Regulations

OI Commission

Lost and Found Auction
Scheduled for Thursday

A lost and found auction, under
the supervision of Campus Commis-
sion, will take place next Thursday
from the balcony on the Common
from 12:30 PM. to 4:30 PM. The
Tryouts Committee, whose duties are
to carry out duties of the Commis-
sion under the supervision of the
Commission, is assigned to the auc-
tion. The items to be auctioned in-
clude trench coats, books, and scarfs.
The auction is being run, not for
profit, but to get rid of the un-
claimed lost articles which have ac-
cumulated.

Campus Commission will share the
War Activities oflfce. Since its re-
organization, the Commission is
finding it necessary to secure new
equipment. A cabinet to keep posters
and the money which has so far
been kept in a desk drawer, is be-
coming very necessary.

Complaints have been made that
the coke machine, which is under
the supervision of Campus Commis—
sion is often empty. Only ten cases
of coke can be had a week. because
of the war, and the students con-
sume approximately two cases daily.
The Committee will welcome any
suggestions as to how the cokes can
be more evenly distributed. such as
a system of rationing.

Marjorie Bruenig, '44, Grand Mar—
shal, has released the followmg
Campus Commission regulations:
Annex .‘I'l'tt

1, Smoking is permitted within the
annex and cafeteria al'e;l~.

:i. Matches and eig rette hints must
he placed ill the receptacles proyllletl

 

for same. _

2. .\ll |Ht.~il'|'~ pill lip ill the annex
urea lllli.~l Ia ptaeell on the two lllllll'
IlII liozit‘lls‘ there.

a. There are to In no posters mount-
ed directly on the walls. I

ll. lilach student is l‘I-~|Ilili.~llilt' for his
own refuse disposal,
l'llliili'tlllilllh Office

I. .‘Jo one lllll the iiieiuhel‘s of the
New». lioii‘ll are to he in the I'll. on
'i‘lilit'»u.iy~ from fllziitl .\..\f, to 11W i'..\l.

2. Stunt-uh are not to use the l'.”. for
It l‘lmlli I'lililtt. .\|i l'littln‘, litltlli", l-lI'..
trill he thrown oiit iii the fluff. Only
the uienihers of the News ionrtl are
permitted to use the loeltel's in the
l'.ti. l'ixeeption: Service .\len.

:l. No one bill Staff Members are to
use any News floaril typewriter.

i. Mlitehes atid cigarette hulls lll'l‘llll
he plat-ell lil ash It';i,\‘~ proyitietl for
same and iii-yer thrown on the floor.

7;. 'l'here is to he no eating whatsw
eyer ill the i'M. during the day.

.lltlll "oxen

I. All notes sent through the student
lnail must be ill least 1:" x i” when
folded, and dated on the tillinlilt‘. .\n
infringement of lhls‘ l'lill‘ will l‘t-.~l.il hi
the Immediate removal of notes from
the lioa’i-s.

21. Any school organization placing
small 24x7: card "posters" in the mail
boxes must remove them immediately
itfter Its affair is over.

:5. No books are to he returned
through the student mail.

i. No posters of any sort are to he
failed or posted in any way directly
on oi' oyer the mail holles,
i'orilrriolm Aren

i. No eating of any kind Wlllilntil‘vt‘l‘
iti llll‘ t'onituoli-.

1:. t'olles are to be drunk in the t'oln
lllUlln‘ flllli not litiil'li oilt~iile to other
areas.

ll. All l'olil- hottles are to he returned
to a ease.

I. Matches and cigarette hulls are to
he placed in the provided ash trays.

Ti. All organizations haying ot'f'leen‘ ill
the t'ommoiin are required to keep their
nl‘f‘lllilln‘ neat and clean.

ti. Illlnclng is permitted from |'.‘ Noon
Ili lilliii'l Ilfiiy.

.\~hl-iillil,\ .\lllr~llul~

I. it is imperatlye that all marshal»
In: present when .\r-~l'Ii|lllll‘n are held,
until» otherwise I'XI‘Iirl‘iI

L! All M;ii'rli:ll~ .ll'l‘ responsible to the
liraud Mar-Ital and to the l'l‘l~:«llll‘||l of
Student .i-wl'laiion lit carrying out
their llllllt‘r ill .lnzmiiihty

fl \iai'shal.~ shall he 1|~~Itgl|ell lllt
~Iil~l'IIll' Iltlfll-r tillll l'l"'IHlll-‘~lllllllll'.‘ Ul‘
illilli‘,’ ilie following

if 'l'he Senior \l:li~ll.tl ~Ii.lil lIt' r
spon‘lllle for the .~Itll' floor Iletlyeett the
.\lillltol'iulit .lud liii'lldl'llrtlll

I: 'i'llere whatl Int lno \Iill'~l|.|l~ 4,,
itollell at the trout door

I 'l'here shall he one \l.it'~h.ll ~l.ition
I'll .ll the door il-aillup Into \lilne

ll 'l'liel’e I'ltilli In Inn lll.ll”'ll}ll~ at.
tlvitilvll .tl l'lllll‘l‘ ~itie of Illi' littll'liii)’.

\niu The doors inn-d he opeilell at
l| .\ \i. on l’l'lllal lll‘llll'l' .‘l~-eilililv

tarts :iiili Flo—HI .l~ oon .ir- tlie Slit
dent Association \lm-iiug “1",!in
il l” .\ ‘ll. it .Iiall he the i‘e.—pou:~ililllll’
of t'tll‘ll Mtil'rlitil to nle that the doors
are. opened immediately alter the clot-e
of the Student .\nmil'i;tllllii meeting

i. All Marshals nhoiiili tnaintalp nil
l'lll’t' throughout the h‘ A meeting

:7. All Mill'n‘litlls olitlll lilo-Isl ili h'..\
l'lel'litilln’ llt‘lil during Amwiohly. tb‘m-
diagram for special illnll'tit'lluinl.)

Locum:
l. The Lounge is a place. to study and

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1944

New Language Supervisor
Impressed by Slate’s Friendliness

Allard Leaves;

Enters intelligence

Mr. Wilfred P. Allard has left his
position as Instructor and Super-
visor of French in Milne for the
Army Intelligence after more than
four years at State. He will serve
in the capacity of military research
analyst.

After reporting for duty Monday,
Mr. Allard expected to be stationed
at Radio City in a separate part of
the building which is heavily guard-
ed and requires a pass for entrance.
His knowledge of modern languages
will be utilized in invaluable work
directly related to the progress of
the war. Although his Work is with
the Army, he will wear civilian
clothes.

The job of military research an-
alyst will last for the duration;
moreover, if Mr. Allard enjoys the
work and the department is contin—
ued. he may remain in the Arlny.
Otherwise, he expects to return to
teaching.

When a student at State, Allard
was a member of Kappa Delta Rho,
social fraternity, Kappa Phi Kappa,
Honorary Education Fraternity, and
Myskania. Upon receiving an AB.
degree at State in 1935, he did some
research work at McGill University
and Middlebury College. and one year
of graduate work on the Cornell
campus. He taught at Walden and
East Hampton High Schools before
returl'ling to State as Instructor
and Supervisor of French.
to relax 'l‘here ~Iioulll ueyer lll' any
uuiw ill the Lounge.

'1 Smoking i~ not permitted in the
Lounge.

ii, Hating i~ not perlnittotl lil Ili-
Lounge.

I. l'lay practici- ur will: t‘ehe:il‘~:ll~
are not Ill l'llIllll-ll iu the Lounge during
life llti_\'.

(Illlllnllh

t. lio not out ll'l'lw‘ au,\ lawn of the
campus“, l'se the walks made for that
|itiI'|ili,~'l-.

L‘. liu not throw ll.t|ll'l'< or rivl'ilse on
the lawn.

ii. [in not drink mile or will llflll'ltl'~
on the lawn.

I. Help keep the l'ilitllllh‘ neat and
clean by picking' llll any refuse and
depositing it ill ir-arhy Waste bins.

 

SCA to Present
Emily Kimbrough

Do you envy women who see
Frank Sinatra every day? Would
you like to meet a woman who
has not only met “the Voice" but
also numerous other Hollywood
stars?

What woman is so fortunate.
students? Why it’s Emily Kiln-
brough, co-author of “Our Hearts
Were Young and Gay,” and au-
thor of “We Followed Our Hearts
to Hollywood," who will appear in
Page Hall, on March 3.

Any student who is interested
in working for Miss Klmbrough's
visit may contact Eunice Baird,
’44, President of SCA.

The proceeds from this affair
are to be turned over to the Big
Ten fund.

 

 

 

SCA, Newman Club
Make Future Plans

Both Newman Club and Student
Christian Association have llladc
plans foi' the coming week which
will be of interest to State students

The state conference to be held
at. Barnard and Columbia. February
20’ and 27. is SCA's next undertaking.
This conference includes all the col—
leges it] New York State.

Tile purpose of" this illecting is to
discuss problems of youth alld the
inter-racial question. SCA plans to
send from 8 to 10 delegates to rep-
resent State.

Tile weekend schedule includes
conferences alid an anniversary
luncheon on Saturday and services
at the Riverside Church on Sunday.

Ail interesting account of a trip
aboard a prisoner ship was glycil by
Sister Mary Peters on Wednesday.
under the sponsorship of Newman
Clllb. The speaker had the unusual
experience of traveling on the
“(ii'ipsllolill," a ship that brought
back prisoners f'i'otll Cllilla.

A speech by Dr. Mary (loggin. Ill--
structor ill Latill, is to be the fligh-
light of the next meeting of Newman
Club on February 24.

Union and Slate Baffle Healedly
In “DebafevOn Liberal Education

“#7 by Joan

Is the American or English system
of education lnot'e conducive to true
knowledge» and why? . . .

Last Thursday night, Union lllct
State in an intercollegiate discus-
sion. The original resolution was
"RESOLVED: That liberal educa-
tion should have a part ill post-war
education."

Kippy Marsh. ’45, first presented
her vieWs on liberal education. Peter
Cockshopt and Valdo Vfgliemlo
spoke for Union, both putting forth
interesting and worthwhile ideas.
Although all the speakers agreed
that liberal education deserved a
high place in post-war education,
they disagreed on many smaller
points. Before long the original
question was forgotten and the cf-
i'ectiveness of the English and Amer-
ican educational systems was bclllg
discussed ill a rather floated lliaillicr.

chnncss and interest in the dis-
cusslon were sharpened by the pres-
ence of Cocksilopt who has attended
schools in France, Switzerland. alld
England.

His views and ideas were thought-
provoklilg and new. The tutorial
thing too high for us to even attempt
to aspire to, aild yet it is the aver-
age rather tilmi the unusual Ill Eng-
land. Under tllc tutorial sysicili.
more thought, more research, and ti
more thorough knowledge of his
field is requested troiil the silldcnt.
The speakers decided, howcw'r, that
the American system is more demo-
cratic since It, opens ll college ctllt-
catlon to more people, and that the
casual association with others of a
similar age and the. mingling of
common idem; ill the classroom are.
it definite asset. lit the social and
emotional, if not, Intellectual. iiliil.|ii'-
ation of the students. "Woilld it be
possible to work olit a solution sonic-
wllcre between wholesale production
of college graduates and the award—
ing of sheepskins to a very BicicCl.
few?" asked one speaker.

i’iuns Were suggested, and disre-
garded all the three speakers and
the audience battled uiitirlllgly. The
discussion, scheduled for one hour.
passed the time limit and was well

lierllericll -* -

system seems to most of us some-
oil the way to the end of the second
hour before it was closed.

Many problems were left. untouch-
ed and litany others unsolved: con—
sequently, a return engagement has
been pl'tilliiscd.

It. was intriguing to hear the
theories one learns in Ed 10 coming
to life ill a llliill—to-man fight foi'
the success of his opinions. Methods
class becallle alive and practice
teaching an unlimited source of ill-
formation as the speakers plunged
deeper and deeper into Ainerlcall
education.

Education will again ilold forth ill
the Cornell vs. State debate to be
held here on February 23. The ques-
tion to be debuted at that tilllc is
"Resolved: That tllc Federal Gov't.
grant aid for the equalization of
educational opportulllty." Rita Dilly,
’44, and Joan Bcl'brlch, ’46, will do-
t‘cud tllc negative views.

In March, tiic same topic will be
thrashed out iii an assembly debate.
A heated debate, filled with vital
issues, makes theories real alid
human. and education becomes a
part of life, rather than a formal
section of kliowlcdege ill the Ed, til

I anmww
3m; WM 31W

 

Tall, fair, and with smiling counte-
nance, she leaned across the des
and stated in all seriousness, “I
really haven’t done anything very
interesting or spectacular to speak
of." Of course, Miss MacGonagle
wasn't taking into consideration her
education, travels, or avocations.

Before coming to State as an in-
structor of Spanish and French and
substitute for Dr. Allard, former
supervisor in Milne. Miss MacGon-
agle taught in Springdale High
School in Pennsylvania. Previous to
that, she held positions as instructor
of foreign languages in the Univer-
sity of Pittsburgh, in Pennsylvania
and MacMurray College in Jackson—
ville, Illinois.

Though of Quaker and Scotch-
Irlsh descent, she herself was born
in East Orange, New Jersey and re-
coived her preliminary education
there. However. she later returned
to Pittsburgh. home of her parents.
to get her Bachelor of Arts degree
from the Pennsylvania College for
Women and her Master of Arts
degree from the. University of Pitts-
burg. She earned her doctorate ill
Columbia University. ll‘urther edit-
cation was had at tile Univ. of' Paris.

Kirshenblum Elected
New Council Head

Mlldl'cd Kirshcllblum. '44, was
elected president of' Residence
Council upon the resignation of'
Geraldine Mcrhof'f. '44, at the end
of' the first semester.

The other officers and members
cf Residence Council are the same
as before. Margo Byrne. '44,
Vice-president. aild Sally Richards.
‘44. is Secretai‘y-ti'casurer. Judicial
Board is (,‘tHIlpOht'd of the officers
plus two llleillbt-rs-at-large; Irene
Myers and Elaine (lrogail, Seniors.
The remaining titctitbct‘s of Resid-
ence Coutlcil are: Edith Beard.
June Balltham, Dora Earing, Muriel
Hughes, Katherine Lyons, (lcraldiilc
Merhoff. and Janet lLoc, Seniors,
and Flora Colic-a, Lillian Abrahiulls,
alld Margaret Woi'slcy, Sophomore;

Irene Myers aiid Sally Richards.
Silliors, are ill charge of a commit.-
tec for revising the rules and mak-
ing them more specific. Margo
Byrnc alld Janet Roe, Seniors, head
the committee for clarifying the
Residence Council Constitution.

If

Dean Nelson Determines
"Ace" Students Status

"In what class do I belollg——'45
or '46?" An answer to this question
so often asked by accelerated stu-
dents has been suggested by Dr.
Mlltoll G. Nelson, Dean of the Col-
lege.

By writing the class numeral '40
or '47, as the case may be, followed
"Acc," the Registrar and Dean will
know the exact status of' the student.

As far as class activities al'c coll-
ccl'ticd, the Dean advises “Play ball
with the home team, alld don't
change to the enemy side," for, lil
spite oi' the l'act. that a student may
finish in August, he does not grud-
litll.f.‘ ulitll the following June with
his class. ill other words, acceler-
ated students should participate
equally iii activities with the. class
with which they began.

OTTO ll. MENDE

THE COLI cor! Jliwc‘Lc'lr

 

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

by Betty O’Neil

 

 

 

HOLSIIM

J. i... KIMMEY BAKERY

 

KIMMEY’

S BREAD

(WHITE BREAD)

KLI'II'IN-MAII) Will'lA'l‘
HOLSIIM (fIiAfiKl'il) WllltlA'l.‘
(DELICIOUS TOASTED)

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

Evidently her schooling did not

k fill Miss MacGonagie’s time com-

pletely, for she belonged to two hon-
orary societies; Sigma Kappa Phi,
a foreign language fraternity, and
Phi Delta Gamma, a fraternity of
graduate professional women. She
is also a member of the American
Society for the Advancement of
Advanced Philology.

She believes the college is out-
standing in friendliness of both stu-
dents and faculty and is impressed
by the high scholastic standard and
unusual opportunity for students to
practice teach in Milne.

Aside from the IUICI‘t‘lffflfI life
thus far described, Miss Michon-
agle has traveled all over the United
States, to Cuba and through Canada.

Among her various flVOCittiOiiS,
her primary interest is ill writing.
She is particularly interested in
France during the sixteenth, seven-
teenth, and eighteenth centuries.
At present she is working on the
social aspects of this period, and
hopes to cxtelld her research into
a book. Second only to writing is
her interest ill music. She has
t‘illtllt'll extensively in this field,

Yen . . . . a very dllll Iifc.

Assembly—

f(.'oiiliuiu(l from I’m/r //

lio~iiie~~ \|.iii:luer l'rtiut-l‘
lunlouruplly l'Illittit' I‘ -l|.t:u;. nu-
l'.n~'iue~~ Manager i'l--|.lgo-_rue

|.iter.li‘,\ Ill-litor I'l-llngogue

.\ll\i'I'll~|i|',.‘ Manager l'miagvirue

I lllll i'grailuate l‘itlllllt' .\|uinni Hull 'l't

Mullent t'hl'l~tl.iil .\~~iii'lli|t|ll I‘ll '
l'ah‘inet

\llllllil‘l‘ ill’llltlllll'~ :iii-I .\r.'- l‘ntllli‘i

\li-lnln-r .\Ill~ii- l'ouucit

\Ieliilil-r lleliuli- l'iiltitl'll

\IeinIu-r l'alilpln t'uuiuin-iun

View president \ewnian t'lul»

Secretary .\'e\\ni.iii t'llih

'I'rea~lirer Newman f'lnh

.‘ﬂienhl'l' HI' l'lIl'ttIIi

l'|"‘llll'lll l’I'lill'lllll'lll.ti l"u|l~
I'rl-~ilient lie Jili|l~ t'lltll~

Sel'i’l'lnl') I'.-i.tt'tl «ii .\ltl|il .lIlII l-iii'lvti
l‘illifiil' ril' llit‘ei |nt‘\'

The revision is being pi'lnlti‘c'l
since many of tile office» on the or-
iginal Major—Minor Office i’lail
have either increased or decreased
iii illl]i()l‘l.tilll'c and in polite cast-s
hich bccoiilc non-existent. if Hith-
l‘d, the revised plan will not .if) iiit'l
effect until next year

Utllcr resolutions will be intro—
duced by (Jailipus Commission and
by Bertram Kiley, '44.

Myskzinia will also announce the
Class (fuardialls for the second sem-
cstcr as follows: Class of HIM. .lalict
Baxter and Patricia laillllilffl', (films
of' MI), lCuliicc flail-«l aild Mary l)o—
iliann; ClitSS of tilt“. Kathryn ilerd
mall and Nancy Wilcox; Class of
ltM’I, il‘rell Shoemaker and Mary
Stellgci.

  

Hillel Farewell Party

Hillel is planning a farewell party
for Its sponsor, Dr. Balllbergcr, who
will leave sometime ill the sprint:
Ally uppcrciassiluill interested lll
joining iiillcl should contact its
president, Ada Snyder, '44, through
the, student mail.

 

OOOD FOOD

ill a l“l'l(!lltll_y,
(iotlt l'ol'ltlblo

Atlliosphcro

WESTERN AT
QUAIL.

 

 

 

 

.Zi-lv-LTTW: ~

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY

 

M90“

m

w

 

 

by KIPPY MARSH—é;

OUR GRIPE FOR THE YEAR

This somewhat bitter. cynical feeling we have this week was brought
on by a sneak prc—vue of" Kilt-y's collllllll ill which he entitles the product
of our creative genius Kippy‘s Krud. Our only answer to that is,—if he
can write it we can. Howavcr, this chance remark is not the reason f'or
our very dark outlook on life. it is ill reality simply reflection on the
lii'e of a coluinnlst. A columnist leads a h . . . . of a life, a veritable dog’s
existence.

In the first place one is expected to be very clever and original. That
is, at least by the editors. Readers of college lleWspapcrs expect notlllllg
and read columns ill a very bored manner, hardly ever surprised out of
their lethargy by an original "coup dc literature." i‘lith.‘ you dear reader.
ever tried to think 01' 756 clever alld original ways to say that private
such and such has graduated or finished his basic training, or been
transferred to some other place? How you eyer tried to glean informa-
tion fll)Olit a soldier from a terse post card which states that ht.- is at.
Hicksburg, S. (3.. he likes it swell and he is very glad to rccciVe the News?
Not. only that but if \\‘(' do illillk of' some descriptch phrase to liven up
the page, We immediately receive a scathing letter from said descriptcc
wanting to know what the blankeiy—blalik wc meant. bliillkcty biallk it.

Now let us say that we have finally squeezed blood ollt of a stone. a
synonym for ollr head. handed ill the column and breathed a huge sigh
of relief. Can We now relax oyer the Political Utrllcture of the I“l'l‘ll(:ll
Empire ot' do our liid lt) assignment? We open the book with a beatific
tallile when the stentatol'ian tones of otit' editor reaches us. “fill, yoo-hoo".
it. says. “I just chanced the make—up for the third page and you hich
to add all fine: to your column." At this point we quietly pass otlt of" the
picture, or wander ill a dazed fashion through the halls causing weird
rumors ill the student body

Alld now to illustrate the flitility of' things. we shall proceed to do that
which we llaye pint griped about. However we shall have to adtllit that
We love it.

MORE TO ’l‘lll'l I'OIN’l‘

A letter to one of the students ft'olit l’yl. .Ialncs (‘ot-lit‘illle, once bearing
the glorified title of Millie ‘illlit'l'l'iSOl'. stating that lllt' trials of practice
teaching are nothing compared to some trials ill the army l.c. ’f‘cn-lnilc
night iilai't-llcs with full field pal-ks, crawling under five alllillttnitlon.
obstacle courses. K.P.. guard ditty, and sergeants who were. plumbers
ill civilian life . . . . We know some practice teachers though, who would
gladly change plat-l-,. with lliiil . . . .

(‘.pl. [let ic l'crllllali. late of State College and now of Scott. Field,
Illinois, . tllttl he wants to get married . . . . We wonder if' he has
soillcolie in .nuid . . . . if not. we would be glad to send him scw-ral applica-
tions, from brunettl -. since he doesn't like blondcs . . . .Alld what's wrong
with blondes‘}

In the busy and t ell-ordered life of a soldier, there isn‘t much i'ooili
f'ot' reunions with iii" (‘ltiruh-lllfllt'n, ot' illit" to slip back to school for all
Alumni l)tiy . . . . ’llle chances he has. therefore. to get together with any
of the guys who it‘llll'llllll’l't‘Il him when he was the best tilltil on the
team, are all the lhli't' welcome . . . . Many of these are taking place all
()Vt't' the world, t‘.t'!t If there are only two to reminisce oycr a cup of
coffee . .. 'l‘hi'ee \\l l-ka ago in Hotel Raleigh, Washington, i). (1.. occurred
just. such :i meeting .(tleii Walrath. llowic Lynch. John Mould. the
two (,‘oi'ilwl-lls. ind 'l'lll-r, (‘hltek itch-hard, iiild Pete Marchetta Were the
participants. . . .

A,'(? Louie Greenspan, Seliluili it‘lcld, Monroe, Louisiana, graduates
It‘cbruary 2ft . . . . It is l‘llliltli‘l'tl that l'vt. Bernie Hkolsky has been de-
hospitallmd. . . .

AROUND SCHOOL

In last Ii‘i'lday's assembly. I). Forsyth. newly of the History staff deliver-
ed a slight. verbal spanking to the student body right where it needed
it. the most . One student was heard to remark flint. she fell. us if
site were being looked right through to the other side . . . 'i'llc discontinua-
tion of' llt'll chk, at least ill its outward limiiifcsiiitions around school,
has lct't. rather a blank . Student. illoraic is inlportant. too and the
freshmen see little enough of State as it. once was . . . Although we
realize that the administration would not have llll(l down the rule except.
for a very good reason. we feel a decided let-down. . . .

Since out further collcilgtte, Jiulc ficiltll left. with the intent. to marry
Lt. Andrew ’i‘akas We take it. timi. the ceremony came off although she

hasn’t. been heard from since.
STATE COLLEGE news 1 Weelfijﬁﬁﬂlet'"

Established May1916 i .\| i'l'l'nlllttl'll who are lil

I'l'l"lt'll III trying out for the
\l'.\\'.\‘ ari- I't'fllll"\ll'tl to re
By the Class oi1918 pan for \ynl'lt in lllt' \nws
office on 'I‘uesllut ltfttl Well

 

  

  
 

 

 

«
Ili‘-Ilil_\ i'\l‘l|ltii.’-w at Tito l' \f
Vol. XXVil February ltl. iil‘lii V N0. 17 . Mil I.\l. t.\l.l:\ll.\li
“mm, ,1 lilntrlhutur Hm '_'I l"aeully aiill iii Page
/\hnlll'l:lll'll collegial. l'I‘I'-- l'nlllaiatl- Iliad-i, l|.ll| at \ :ltt l' \I
The lllllll'l'lc'l'llllllvlil‘ torn papll' ol the \i-w iol'll . I'l-h 1,": \\',lt|.||.pl.,”'., my”,
Hlale t'olIl-gi- for ‘lIJ'lII'I‘ pllIlII-~Ill'll t'\‘l'l'\ li.t,\ II-lliilay
l"f'lll;l,\ ol' llll' illllll't” \i'.il hi thu- \|l\\'>t liII’tll'li I‘ll. 1::t Iiehale with Inn-“pp,
l'lii’ llll' Hiltiletll .\ volition l'llHlH“ lli‘il'". iIIl I'V‘ili't'nl .\I4I tu l-lltli'.i
a ""l haul-r. :....l.. shawl. ‘~ 1“" "“""""-‘ """
11 11ml, I‘ll: _’| .\eiyln.in l'lltli meet
Illi.’ in \ellman Hall at 7 :to
llkl'lilttiltilllzll I'llli hAII‘IN/‘I. AltvILIillnINU uv l' \l lll' \l.tl',\ Illlgpiit, Ill
. .l. I - «tint-tor In Latin. will lll'
Nfiiltlilill Advertising berylce, Inc. um... ..,.. a...
(.o/Irgi-I'M/illi/u'rlIfr/ircu'I/lal/uc HI» 1!. Sophomore IltilltlllI-l
420 MAiiltION A'IE. NIiW YUllK.N.Y. "" 'i'“ ""‘“ "il'l‘ “' 7 ii"
tint/tot) ' Illlhlllli ' Lilli Atlanta ‘ hm lllAtiLIlicn I \l, .
Ill. .11. |.otii\ lllll'lllil'll I'
|Ill'~illllli ll,\ II.\.\ in |'.l;ic
The News Board Hill .a ~ ".tl in q
\Ii‘l‘
JANILI K “Ax't” ""“m 'N’H'HI in \II Department will
MAIIY l'l blLNGltl l" 'l"'”“ 'N ‘ '“I' pt: Itit .ill \Illt‘lil.ll| |'.iltil
JANI: I'I(.KI;III Illlllllllhu MAN/mill Iu,: llyhlliit on ‘~l‘lll|lll floor
li|.t|litl' I't-lirnuri ‘..'l'.'.i
..  AN (lifitb Ill llI Alton MAM/ml n. "' I
' “ ' ' ' ’ ' ‘ I It tii‘l'.lii'1'i"|‘.\
BhttttlAM RIIJLY hltiltlh llulou I(|;1llll|l |‘I‘lIl'.ll"niltv lit] up
SUNNA Unlth Armin IAII l'llll‘)"1lllill will he held ueil \\ml
mm,“ M“: “NH,” I at «lat, February L'il .Inr

ﬁiJNA MAlibll

rmnulliv Mrvt-‘nh 'l"""""“'”' 1"" "'Iimnm" “"I

Iain plul‘l- ill Illilinl L‘H liteli
‘ .lllI-ou

.iyifhnu ’ hi‘.\ \II'HIIHHIH

'I'llil ni.llt‘ l'llilll‘l'i'il|'|' Will
All l‘lllllllillllll'lllltlttu ..In.nt.| he .Illlll'l'rinl'tl to file he held -l‘l lllll'llill'tl and (H.
editor and must he algal-ll Names will lll' wnh litlulrlti. l'elu'nari L‘II'J'I ’i‘hin
llf‘ltl upon l't‘tltll‘nl 'i'lil- H’l‘.\'i‘|'i t‘ltllllljitilll ""lli|'l'|‘llt't‘ hit-fillies illl col
Nlllll’n' unnllilil'n no l'I':l|itili:llllllll,l' for oplliloiin litter in New lol'lt Htalo.
llllit'l'n‘n‘ell lll its t'lllllllllln or l'lIllIIIIlliilf'IIlltlllli an Mill“ ‘uileiu' will Illllltl night
illicit exprt-rolioini do not necessarily reflect Ila "" '"ll lil'll'ts’llleil lli Iiint'iiiot
V1,.w, Illl prohiems oi youth and

Illll‘l'llt'lill problems.

Ahhtii IAII‘, IrliIIUIi

 

 

Cultcha

We talk a great deal about cul-
ture at State. To many of us, the
acquisition of a cultural back-
ground is our major reason for
going to college. And we will ad-
nlit that our college, through its
curriculum and through its extra-
cliiss efforts, provides US with
ample opportunity to gain such a
background.

()tle minor detail is absent from
this picture, however. ill spite of
the culture fanfare and the op-
portunities afforded, some of the
most exceptional programs spon-
Stlt't’tl here are attended by a defin—
ilc minority of our culture-quest-
ing students. Cvery year, lira-
illatics and Art Council, Music
(‘oiulcil and Debate (‘ouncil brings
to its leading pcrsouagcs and
creative discussions. Every year
dollars from ollr pockets go toward
payingr for these artists and events.
‘i'lt often. major figures like Mady
(‘hristiatls or the ()stas play to :t
half-filled house, l’agc Hall is
lllli loo sittztll ltl (‘lltil'l'zll lit'l’s‘ of
empty seats.

This weekend, lh'alnatit' and
.\rt ('ouni'il is sponsoring a lt't'illl't‘
by Louis l'iltct'tncyer. one of the
most prollliucnt literary figures
America boasts. After the pro-
gram, oltr t'lllllll't‘~l'ltl(lt‘ll parasites
may meet and talk with Mr.
l‘ntcrmcycr ill tllc Lounge. We'll
be waiting to see tllc :tttllictu'c.

.\ll. cultlu'cf

10, 1944

Old Stuff  Nengwist

Definition No. 1: School spirit—strong pride in one’s Alma Mater
and everything connected with it. Definition No. 2: Class spirit——
strong pride in one’s particular division‘of aforementioned Alma Mater.

Old stuff? Definitely, but this time, we hope, with a new twist.
For years this column has been bemoaning the lack of these two types
of spirit so essential, it is believed, to any institution of learning. The
time has come to stop talking and start analyzing.

First, we will take the case of Miss A. Miss A came to State, the
usual verdant freshman. As is the custom with freshmen, Miss A
finally got orientated. Then something else happened to Miss A.
Miss A got class spirit ill a big Wily. She put her heart and soul into
rivalry; she felt very blue when the freshmen lost. Better luck next
year, said Miss A, and continued rooting for ye old class throughout
her sophomore year. Y e okl class came through and won, which
just about summed up all her efforts in that line.

When Miss A became a Junior, she had a motley set of interests:
some class, some school, the illajoriiy—-iiltlividuiil. Aild finally, when
Miss A became a Senior, she found herself in possession of a consider-
able amount of school spirit ill general.

()ur poiili is this: We have two conflicting types of spirit here at
State. and the great majority go through just such all evolution as our
heroine. Rivalry is the great expression of class spirit, and school
spirit colllcs otli through folii' years of coagulation, showing itself
at such filings as “llig 10" events and, ill bygone years, athletic
contests.

Last Saturday-"s State Fair was a gratifying demonstration of the
latter type. The Sophomore class is the best example of class spirit
we have ill college at the present time. The infant class of ‘47 started
off with a bang. and. by yit'luc of handlers and the vitality of youth,
promised lllilt‘ll. The class of 117 not only has not fulfilled our ex—
pectations, lllli has not even fulfilled the basic requirements for any
class. 'l'oday's frcshtllcu arc a heterogeneous lot: tllcir rival class is,
perhaps. a bit too hcillogeucous.

What we would like to see here at State (‘ollcgc is an alliance of
these two conflicting allegiances. for only then can we have a college
attitude that is healthy atld normal. ()iher colleges are in much the
sailic situation: We don't have to worry about them. Our job, first
and fort-illost, is to correct our own failings. We most certainly have
the brains. and the problclll is cyer with us. Now is the time for will-
power to step ill.

Communications——

 

Warm!

 

Dear Sally.

Well, my favorite sister, you're on your way overseas!
A.l’.(). address alld letter this morning, you know. I’ve gotten so Used to
telling yoit all my troubles, and depending oili' your advice. Wllcil f silld
goodbye to yott that. last. furlough alld watched illc train pull out. of the
station. it was a and moment. We have been so lllltcll more tllilil sisters-—

we've been friends. too.

lint. f‘ill proud. l'lll proud that you gave up it well-paid and interesting

iiy ItlliiNA ItYAN

To the Editor:

1 object very strolleg to your
classification of the students and
potential graduates of State College
as either “good average teachers" 01'
“flaming patriots." I believe that
f alll neither and that. the majority
of students must have had the same
reaction to your editorial.

There is no such thing as a "good
average icilcllcr.” A person is either
a good teacher or it poor teacher.
State College. attcillpis to train stu—
dents to be good teachers. This
college adillinistratioil certainly does
not. wish to blild people who are not
We gm val”. good teachers to if profession in
' which. as poor practitioners. they
would injure themselves and many
others. A pledge is valid only when
both skies wish it to be upheld. A
person who Is not a good teacher is
colllplcfcly free to get out of the pro-
fesslol't.

 

 

job because you Just. couldn't. stay out of the flgllt. You dfdli't. have to .
m n. “m I k) w l I , I I I I I _ You will agree with lne that a
l 1 lo yol d dllt want to do it much. But. you had it con perm“ should do that rm. which ms

science «unlike so lnilily other fine

slcclml ' ' 3' :
l ‘m’ m Amimun wmmnhmd' abilities best suit. llllil. I know you

f'nl wood that. (it it ted lr: 2x2 .' ls: l"
i y; w ill lll( i than anything (lat to bl stilt Wll(.l(. Wm “ml mm [my “mac,” who be_

the battle was hottest. right behind the lines. and tilllt. you said to me
as volt left, "Let's hope it's Italy—«I'd like to kllock ot'f fl few Panzei's

llcvcs he is. or can be. a good teacher
is plmlnlng to take a job upon grad-

liiysclf.” t'lll )l'Oli(l because lou‘rc homilf' ' t ' ~ . .
i 'l l “1 “l‘d mum-L mid 0”” “we” nation from this Institution! Idont

gill, mid you‘ve been “sweating it out." as you call it, at it thankless little

think you will find "flaming pa-

,Iob mld trying hard liol to complain. I‘ill hardly the sentimental typc
 . . . . , . , ,  g "; trlois" In State College. I don't think
bill. t.lu.li. .. a suspicious lump ill my thioiit. whtntvci I look at that I)l(.LlllL you Wm find girls m sum, 001mg

of you, ill your WAC uniform. You’re a credit to mly man‘s army.

hypnotized by the glamour of a.

’l‘hat‘a why l'ill mad, Sill. Thinking of' you, and listening to fill these uniform or the glamour of an air-
tillcs about. WAC morals. mid sniggerlllgs abottl. how women look pretty plane f'pcmry, I think, rather, you
silly lll uilil'orilla. You've told me that. anywhere yoii get. a bunch of women. will I’llch gluilonts who recognize this
you’ll get. all kinds. lint. i don't know why people can't think twice seriousness of the nines and the
before they march liito some undoubtedly Nazi-Inspired dirty story about. Importance of finding the Job ill

WACs. it hurts pretty badly, iilld

sometimes l'd like to do smoothing which they can use what abilities

violent. as they snicker away. I’ve bitten my tongue when I've listened they possess to the utmost.

to servlcclliell laugh about. the job girls like yoil are doing. Some of the

WACs iliiiy be doing ll half-hearted

’i‘llcrefore, if it person discovers

lob. as you'vo said. But when soillc- that. he is not. prepared to be a good

olic llkc yoti works her heart out, tilid there are so many like yoli ill the teacher, it. Is not, “limiting patriot-
aervlce, i should tliluk the men would llith‘ more appreciation. You hall" that. turns him to the consid—

llhlii'l how to go lll.

oration of ruined services or a defense

i suppose people don't. llll'tlll to be l'otll-ll about. It. 'i‘llcy might. be. fools Iliilllii- ll i-‘i' I'lli'ilt‘l' limit 001mm)“
enough to bclleyc some of lllt' stories they tell. They might be envious, ilelisc mid analytical thinking pro-

uncolivinccd, or Just. plain stupid.

lluf i Wlh'll uwy'a kct'I) their tllouths was ilimn which the lithium“ of our

illili. i keep remembering the Wily you _IOl(t'tl about what. you'd do if (It‘llliml'lliii‘ NIIICHII‘HI i5 I’ll-“it‘ll. 'i'ill’H"
your ship were lorpedoed on the way over, and how you’ve bccotllc ll whiz lltll'Ht’ll-‘i Ill't' (liliill' litiirlll'ﬂill' U1“
it. hulking fox—holes. And you‘ve learned to shoot like any illtill. ill fact, "Vf‘llf‘llll‘lli l'illlllllli‘llll‘i” 0i Willi?”-
you. and countless other girls. have taken on it tuliil'a Job iiiid volt’vc “0H-

I'ied so imrd to do your best, Hill. l've known yoil for i.w<-nty years now »

i believe your editorial was wrong.

rout" heat. can imitch any man's. 'l‘lull'a why l'lli so proud. 'i'illil.'s why 'I'Iliti i-‘i Iltill IItlt little for "(lllullout'

l'lii so angry.

I know what you’ll write. You’ll tell me it. isn't illllltll'ltllli what. people
my all that counts If; what you contribute to the. Many. You’re right,
lilli it people Would only “link. ’l‘hcy Wouldn’t. Iiilrt us no badly, and many,
many other families like ours. litll. never ililtld. l Just. wanted to write it
pill, and get over it. Anyway, Hill. llcrc'tl li toast to you ll soldier of thc
typewritcl' and the alt-no pad. Wherever the Army sends you there will
be. prayers of llmnksgiviug sent. on high by the man you help out. llecllullc
the litiyh' who are really in the thick of' it. will know the truth- ~lhltt lll your
own way, ovoil though you're ll woman. you’re fighting on the right side

in the. best. way yoit know.

ya. llllty" but rather liuty vs. Duty.
The pledge we signed an ft'llsltlliclt
stands oi' falls with llit‘ Individual
person. Your question should not
hayil presented two groups that do
not. exist in State College: "good
average teachers" and "flaming pu-
triota." Rather. if it question was
needed. it. should llthtl been this one
every senior is now asking himself.
“Am I going ot. be it good teacher?
if not, what. um I going to do about

They’ll be proud to have known yott, as i am. (ioodlllgllt tlow. Bill. m"

and don't. forget that. samurai word you promised llllli

Sincerely.
I'M. Latinier.

RHQNA

 

A......~»_.—......

 

