«newness-to

 

WAA Plans A
Sports Activities

The following is a schedule of
basketball practices until Christmas
vacation:

Sat, Dec. 9 from 2 to 4.

Mon., Dec. 11 from 4:15 to 5:30.

Tues, Dec. 12 from 7 to 9:30.

Thurs., Dec. 14 from 4:15 to 5:30.

After Christmas vacation, prac-
tice will be held on Monday and
Thursday from 4:1’ to 5:30 in Page
gym. The tournament will start
immediately after vacation. The

TGIF Wants To Know
"is OHIM Fast Or Slowt’ ’

TGIF formally issues a chal-
lenge to the rival organization
OHIM.

On a day set by the said IOHIM
—that day to be sometime before
Christmas vacation — six mem-
bers at large of OHIM, chosen
for their athletic prowess and
sense of equilibrium, are invited
to meet six TGIF’s, chosen on
the same basis. The nature of
the ensuing contest will be as
follows: The teams will be lined

Stat

Committee Ollers
Final Resolution
For Student Union

 

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 15, 1944 VOL. XXXl  1!; 1'

Assembly ToflaY College Mourns Deatli
T° Feature Sk't’ Cl Dr. Howard Do Bell

Santa, Caroling ‘

 

 

Malseecl Suggests Collection
Of Service Xmas Cards

Anyone who drops into the
outer office of the Dean of Wo-
men is liable to see Mrs. Malseed,
glue pot in hand, poised over an

 

Prolessor Remembered

‘ _ STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0, 1944
Kaufman Champ 7/77" of WA”
3 r ~ . . As we continue this Week with
. D ‘ f ‘ I-  l n our observations of the outstanding
" .   8 pp WAA members, We cast a satisfac-
 tory glance in the direction of one
 '   Gette Dunn. WAA Office Manager.
'  Gette hails frdm Sayvllle High,
- situated on beautiful Long Island.
b  g  ta; 3:? pigs” thatt paradise pfl tge gentlgman's
8‘” ere ' s or s. ong san may e re-
p‘mg murmment has pass“! the ngwned for its polo, horse racing
' ____.‘ half-Way mark in that the Sin‘ and boating but Gette confined
By Joan Emmi 7  5185 seetﬁm is a]; giggllgd' 3v???" herself to the more rigorous routine
' ~ “may a emoon r a“ ma ’ l of hi 11 school athletics. At Say-
Lllllehlllrclblzeefl‘gieilmworlldﬂcali‘l: waded into another Sophomore, Cal “118’ geeth wem out for a“ of
$51. 8a hail of brimsione and fire Zippen. and walked Off With 5 them (even riding on the Long Is-
to descend .on our unsuspecting victory in three straight games- land Raiiroad) and earned her
helgftt readers in the dark are re- cause Zippen had diSDOSEd 0f SW
err-ea to the Letters to the Editor
(filleged slams at MAA and WAA and Jim Miner-
Tespectwely-l Slow. CautioushGgme i
Intentions Kaufman a eas er

Gov‘l/t certainly didn’t intend to against Al Balk and John Bolles,
alienate as many affections as we but he was master of the situation
have but now that the battle is on all the way. Kaufman play
for be it from us to throw in the slow cautious game
sponge. We ask only one favor. pen constantly on
Let’s leave injured pride out of the off balance. T
discussion and let the facts speak was 21-12. The second was Zip-
from here on in. pen’s best effort.

To dispose of the enemy in al- early lead only to ‘have Kaufman
Dhabetical order. here goes with come from behind and take the
MAA. Several weeks ago the sports game 21-15. The third game d

The result came as a surprise be- Sport letters the hard way_ Miss
Johnston’s marching routine at 8:10
formidable foes as Phil Lashinsky was no hardship for Gem. as she
had long been accustomed to the
swing of it.
going had led a. marching corps in a gym
exhibition.

ed a Gette came to State but her ath-
that kept Zip- letic abilities were soon revealed
the mom and as she energetically joined the Blue
he first game score Devils to counteract the onslaught
of the Crimson Tide.
He grabbed an Demon of All Sports

page published a glowing account veloped into a complete rout. Kauf-
of the varsity basketball that was man looking his best and winning
to be. MAA was very cooperative 21-7. By winning the match Kau
Then man replace
something happened—the subject singles champion.

in supplying information.

‘of men's basketball suddenly be-

In high school she

There was no frosh camp when

“P and “(in member eqmppea games will be played on Tuesday
 a toothpick, to be held 138- and Wednesday nights from  to
tween the teeth, the first member 9130
of each team will receive three Any groups intending to play in
iifesavrrs which are to be trans- the tournament, must have the
ferred to the toothpick of the next 11nc_up for their teams in by Fri-
member of the team and so on day, December 8_ These may be
down the line. The first team to handed in to Mal-y Seymour, '46,
successfully complete the line Gette Dunn, ’46, or Edna Sweeney,
will be declared the winner. ’47.

The scene of the contest Will No air] may play on more than
be the commons and the student one team

 

 

dey is COl‘dialiy inVited- The bowling list is up and quite

 

In her Sophomore year her prow-

ess was even more apparent in the
e- rivalry contest with the Gremlins.
Up in the forward line on the

a. few people have alreadymsig‘iiied3
AA Pin " P011 " The bowling tournament w s ai
WA ping-gong Tournament for after Christmas vacation. Any

' ' - t be in after groups wishing to enter the con-
gms' is SChedUIEd oWAgA credit test as a team. may hand in the

Christmas vacation- namc of the team to Jude Dube, ’47,

hockey field Gette proved to be an
f- invincible opponent and when1 the

i as men's basketball season rolled aroun , we
5 mm Ferbel found Gette as the mainstay on
the Soph defense. We can not fail

The doubles seamen is lagging a to mention the capable and steady

will be given for participation in
the tournament; these credit hours
will be counted as supervised hours.
For total credit, 3 supervised and '7
unsupervised hours are necessary.

or Nollie Glod, ’46. before Dec. 12.
Sign-up lists are also up for
those interested in fencing and bas—
ketball refereeing. These activities
will also start after Christmas va-

 

Game tab00- Apparently it was a bit behind the singles, but that is playing which Game displayed on

dead letter*b“t Why? We want‘ due mainly to the general interest

the powerful BZ squad. Last year

ed to know and we figured that m the ,singles play. So far only
' ‘ ‘ r G-ctte was co-captain of softball
perhaps there were others of the three matches have been played. and ﬁned her pasition on the div"

same mind' The director of MM In this division the team of Kauf-
was contacted for the story but man, Lashmsky appears to be the

had nothing to say. What .we
printed last week were not idle
rumors, as has been charged. They
were facts gained from as reliable
a source as could be found con-
sidering this refusal on the part
of the director.

We're sorry if the information
was not accurate. From now on, i
MAA cares to give us the correct
account of events we shall be glad
to print it.

By the way, we don’t see where

the number Who volunteered to for WAA swimming. This is offered each.

class of the field.
We‘ll Get. One Right Yet.

Last week we predicted that Navy
would surprise everyone and hang
one on Army. We were mistaken.
Our congratulations to Army who
has the greatest college team this

f country has ever seen.

Swimming Oliered
Over fifty people have signed up

mend in true veteran style. ‘

In our opinion Gette is the epi-
tome of good sportsmanship—a good
loser and a graceful winner.

Weekly BowlingLeague
Inaugurated By MAA

The pins will be splitting soon
with MAA now organizing a men’s
bowling league. There are twenty
men signed up. They are to be
grouped into teams of four men
No titles have been chosen as

give mom has anything to do With in addition to the regular life-saving Vat for the teams.

this case. But, we don’t mind if
Lashinsky gets in a plug for WAC.
It’s a noble cause.

One Down; One To Go

As for the “WAA enthusiasts,”
here are a few facts they may
or may not know.

1. Of the 102% inches of column
we have painfully ground out so
far this year, approximately 86
have been devoted to sports. We
don’t believe this is a bad percent-
age considering that a columnist
is usually forgiven for a certain
amount of self-expression.

2. From the first issue of the
News, wc encouraged the women
to get behind WAA, we predicted
an active year under excellent
leadership. we praised any effort,
we held out every hope. But one
cannot live on hope alone. A little
action would be appreciated.

3. In the second place. our cri-
ticism has not all been destructive.
We have made suggestions which
several members of WAA thought
good but which have never been
acted upon. Apparently the “active
enthusiasts" are too busy reading
between the lines to see what is
written on them.

These Politicians!

4. Winyall, Mastroiigclo. Dichl,
Guido, Davidson. O’Connell. Mar-
got. Sweeney, Baker and Henry
were among the politically promi-
ncnt hockey players who received

Central

Vacuum Repair Shop

ioi',-’_- CENTRAL Avc. ALBANY. N. Y.

PHONE 4-0247

classes for those who do not care for
intensive training but are lovers of
the sport. Sessions will be held at
Public bath Number three located at
380 Central Avenue, Tuesdays and
Fridays from 3:30 to 5.

There is still time for those in-
terested to sign up. WAA credit will
be given for participation and this
will be an excellent opportunity for
the Freshmen and Sophomores to
get in the practice they will need
for the Rivalry swimming meet.

 

honorable mention, which is, we
think, enough said on that charge.
As for the lust point—members
of the staff (to go out for sports
and a genuine interest in sports
has never been held against any
applicant for a position on the
sports staff. Besides, we thinkit
slightly ridiculous to blame us for
the type of person who comes out
for work on the Nicws.
PS. Thanks to the Ten Per-
centers.

Negotiations for alleys are now
underway by Art Kaufman and
should be completed soon. The
league should start by the end of
the week.

No time has been set for the
matches but that the league Will
bowl by the week is certain.

Looking over the prospects. Cal
Zippin. a steady bowler, can .be
counted on for his share of the pins.
Art Kaufman is another of- the
men who can hold his own with
the wood. Hal Weber has a fast
and sharp ball that should raise
his team's average. Bob Sullivan
maintains a slow and consistent
hook. Hurry Inglis is another well
timed bowler.

 

B 0 W L
THE PLAYDlIlM

ONTARIO—PARK AVE.
0

Where All State Students Meet
for Good Bowling, Good Food
0

l’

8-902l 8 -il0‘lo

 

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

 

DIAL 5-4913

BOULEVARD SAFETERIA

Try Our llusiiicssnuin’s Lunch

196-"200 CENTRAL AVENUE

ALBANY. N. Y.

iccbox at home is just the pi:
family and all their friends
from home,
. become u symbol of grucluu

 

...or keeping the younger set happy at home

110! records and cold “Coke”...und the gang is liiippy. Your

(loco-Cqu stands {or [be puma that rq/rurbcs,—lius

BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY

ALBANY COCA-COLA BO’l‘TLING COMPANY

Betty Rose Hilt. ’47, will be in .
charge of the tournament. cation.   a ‘ ‘

siren SERVlCE . . .

.I .

“ ADTOWORK His wav THPOUGH
~ UNIV. OF WASHINGTON our FOUND
‘ TIME To MAKE 1pc TRACK TEAM

‘ AND CAPTAIN 1H5 BASKETBALL
" TEAM‘AND MADE AN ALL-
coas-r SCORING MARK.

. true you
outs lure

 

 

ice for frosty bottles of "Coke". Your
will welcome it. At home and away

’@1944 The C-C Co

v

3 American hospitality. I “Cokc,,=cncwculu
li's iiiuiirullnr popular human
to lli'llilil’c liicihl y lllilllc‘v’lu‘
lions, That’s why younlicur

iii-1"" (‘lli‘lI‘Pi‘lJI I'llllCil ‘Ltikc .

 

 

 

 

W

Project to Culminate

ln Assembly Discussion

Culminating the release of three
reports initiating tentative plans for
the proposed Student Union, the In-
vestigating Committee will present
to the student body a resolution for
the organization and administration
of the Union. A photographic ex-
hibit and a movie “A Day In A
Union” will be secured for presenta-
tion through the Association of Col-
lege Unions. and several Assembly
periods will be devoted to discussion
of the proposal.

Resolution Outlined

The following is an outline of the
resolution:

“Whereas: Student Association ex-
pressed the desire for a Student
Union and passed a motion, June 2,
1943, creating a Student Union Fund
and,

Whereas: The Investigating Com-
mittee has presented a plan to fi-
nance the building of the Student
Union,

Be it resolved that:

a) A Student Union Board be es-
tablished consisting of eight people——
five students. two faculty members,
one alumnus.

bl The Fund be turned over to the
New York State College for Teachers
Benevolent Association, Inc.. as a
trust fund.

c) The powers and duties of the
Student Union Board be:

1. Set up files and records for

collection of pledges to fund.

2. Administer collection of the

pledges and administer campaign

for pledges.

3. Become a member of the As-

sociation of College Unions so to

be ever conscious of affairs of
other Student Unons.

4. To report to Student Associa-

tion of College Unions so to be

ever conscious of affairs of other

Student Unions.

4. To report to Student Associa-

tion the exact status of Student

Union Fund each semester.

5. To come to an agreement with

the Benevolent Association when

to build and to see the prospective
plans for approval and sugges-
lions.

6. On completion of the building

to be in charge of student ac-

tivities in the Union (set the policy
and rcgulationso
(ll The powers and duties of the
N.Y.S.C.T. Benevolent Association,
Inc.. bc:

1. To invest the money in the

Fund.

2. To use the funds to buy land

for the project with approval of

the Student Union Board.

3. To report to Student Union
(Continued on Page 3, column 5)

Horror, Humor Drama By Nazis, Bachelors, C0

Do you find the more mention of
sabotage intriguing? What- would be
the solution for a young girl who
just hated Fascists and found that
her Vcry own sister was a Nazi?
That is the problem Gretchen had
to cope with. And she had to be
very careful about Frau Schiller.
that old blocklcudcr, too. Groiclicn’s
moilicr couldn't make up her mind
whether she was it Nazi or not. but
on January 16, Gretchen will come
to State and make u speech that will
tell her mother and all the rust of
the world just whom the Nazis can

go.

While the l6th takes its Limo roll-
ing around. there's a current scan-
dal whispered through the balls
that should be of interest to all. It
seems there's two high class dailies
who are trying to use each other
for all they're worth. One of them
has a rich husband. and the other
is wedded to a handsome artist.
Now. the one with the rich husband
once had a crush on the other's ar-
tist hubby, and it looks to us like

open page. (figuratively speaking,
anyway.) Strange? No, she’ll be
waiting for contributions of V-
Mail Christmas cards from facul-
ty and students who are being
asked to save any cards that they
have received or will receive
during vacation from former
State students.

Faculty members have already
been showing around several
cards and talking about the State
GI. Joes, who remember their
Alma Mater. State will want to
know who sent who a card and
how things are going over there.
Besides, if anyone has lost track
of a friend through constant
changing of addresses the scrap-
book record may hold the solu-
tion.

Sounds good, doesn’t it?

 

An original Christmas skit, the
capers of Saint Nick, and Christmas
Caroling will ring in State's yule-
tide season in this morning’s assem-

y.

Six “Statesmen” will frolic in a
humorous and entertaining parody
of Charles Dicken's “Christmas Ca-
rol." Dramatic performances will be
given by James Crandall, James
Miner, Robert Sullivan, Juniors;
James Conley, Phillip Lashinsky,
Sophomores, and Bruce Hansen.
Robert Sorenson. freshmen. Tears
will well even in the most stoic eyes
when “Bob” Heart-throb Sorensen
appears dramatically in the role of
Tiny Time.

An interlude of Christmas Carol-
ing by the entire assemblage will fol-
low. Peggy Casey. ’46. songleader,
will direct the singing while Muriel

 

 

Liebl Announces

Successful Drive

Total Receipts Exceed
First Stamp Day Prolits

Marie Liebl, ’46, Chairman of War
Activities Council, has termed the
second State College Stamp Day
last Friday “a huge success," with
sales totaling $172.80. This represents
a gain of $3.55 over the first Stamp
Day a few weeks ago, when the
sale of stamps reached $169.25.

Last week’s sum was boosted, how-
ever, when Arthur Kaufman. ’47,
purchased a $100 bond. This means
that individual sales were not as
good as those of the first event.
Entertainment Planned

Plans were made at a recent WAC
meeting to hold 51 Stamp Day once
a month. The event will be on Fri-
day, as usual, and some entertain-
ment will be featured in the Coni-
mons during the afternoon.
Clothes Drive

Miss Liebl added that old clothes
are still wanted for Russian War
Relief. A box for this purpose will
be placed in the lower hall of Draper
after Christmas vacation. Students
will have an opportunity to collect
old clothing during the recess to
contribute to the drive.

All clothes collected to date haw
gone to Greek War Relief. and State
students have filled seven bags for
this cause.

War Bond caiivasscrs will hand in
their final reports to WAC today.
Their job was to cover the 19th
Ward of Albany for war bond
pledges. and they have collected
over $2,000 in pledges to (into.

Navy. also ’46, will accompany the
student body.

The surprise of the program will
be the appearance of a jolly, mys-
terious Santa Claus. Santa will
deviate from his usual policy by
giving gifts to unsuspecting members
of the student body. He will not
reveal the chosen few until the last
possible moment. He much prefers
to let them tremble with fear and
anxiety.

The Student Council committee in
charge of the program includes:
James Miner, ’46, Julia Collier, ’47.
and Isabelle Cooper, ’48.

 

Frosh Requests Santa’s Help
In Solving Post-Xmas Deal

Dear Santa:

We don't ask much from life—
just to get a few B’s maybe, and
a coupla more dates. But these
things you can forget about if
you’ll only grant us this one
wish. Please don’t let us down.
because it's the only thing we’re
asking of you this year, and
that’s not so bad considering the
long, long letters we used to
write you three and four years
ago.

Santa, we get down on our
knees and beg you to put lots of
money in the stockings of State
College students. But Santa. that
isn’t all. We beg you to stipu-
late along with that gift that
they save that money for war
stamps. You see. Santa, people
usually spend all their money on
presents and stuff and then
come back broke—and—well—
Sonia, the Freshmen have the
Stamp Booth after vacation. . . .

Pleas-o. Santa, don't let us
down. Merry Xmas and Happy
New Your!

THE CLASS OF ’48

 

 

 

 

By MINDY WARSIIAW

the old flame is still burning. Tlic
artist’s wife gees to tea at the rich
lady’s house and they chat about
clothes and liair-do's and stuff like
that. Blur—those two ladies have
got iiincr solves flitting about and
the inner solves tell us that it's no
fashions they're interested in at all.
The artist’s wil‘e—Morgarct—is tired
of secretly starving" in a gui'rct and
she tries to convince the other one——
Hurrict~thut she'd make a good
subject for a painting because of her
beauty. It's not really Harriet. Mar-
garet thinks is beautiful at all. but
the bankroll she knows they’ll get
if Harriet will sit for the portrait.
Harriet starts to quibble about the
price in spite of all her dough be-
cause, after all. every real woman
loves a good argument. It sure makes
a poor student happy to know that
even the Socialites got money wor-
ries. We're waiting for the final
stages of the scandal to break.

And that’s not all that's going to
break on January 10. A few porce-

nsc1ences
luiii dishes are going to be engaged
in the same act. The dishes, along
with some biscuits. the like of which
Mother never made. are going to be
shattered over the head of a ccr~
tuln State malc. These biscuits are
so hard that they’re sure to break
all the teeth of this certain unsus-
pecting State fellow mid leave him
just beating his proverbial gums.
But no one will actually see his
teeth fall out of his mouth 'til Jan-
uary 10. either.

ch. vacationing State students
should return gleefully from eigh-
teen days of candy canes and stuffed
stockings, for soon after they return,
they will see these characters ani-
mated. Margaret and Harriet. Gret—
chen mid Frau Schiller. and tho
Bismilt-Baklu'-Momma will come to
life on January 10 in Page Hall when
13.1); will present, under the direc-
tion of Miss Agnes Futtcrer, their
three annual one-act plays entitled,

“Overtoues,” “A House Divided," and world?"

“Why I am A Bachelor.”

As Friend, Counselor

State College suffered a severe
loss Friday night with the death of
Dr. Howard Adams Do Bell, Pro-
fessor of mathematics and one of
State’s most outstanding members.
Student memorial services were held
Monday at 2 PM. in Page Hall while
private services were conducted at
his home in Elsmere. .
Colleagues Comment

A friend to students as well as
faculty, Dr. Do Bell was exceedingly
popular with his companions and

,- associates. Dr. Harry Birchenough,

Professor of mathematics states that,

ii “In the death of Professor Do Bell

THE LATE DR. DO BELL

 

the college has lost one of its hardest
workers, the mathematics depart-
ment 8. fine instructor, the students
a very sympathetic teacher and I,
a loyal friend. I have worked with
him for sixteen years and had many
opportunities to observe and appre-
ciate his broad scholarship, his fine
analytical mind, and his sympathetic
attitude toward students and faculty.
It will be difficult to find anyone

who can fill the place he has left."

Another associate in the math de-
partment, Dr. Ralph A. Beaver. As-
sistant Professor of mathematics
thought of Dr. Do Bell as a “loyal
friend, ideal bridge partner, fishing

Programs TO lnclude companion, and above all an unsel-
fish. fellow teacher who was always

Speakers! Bar" Dance ready to pass on his best ideas and

The presidents of SCA, Newman teaching devices to the other mem-
Club, and Hillel have announced bers of the department."
their plans for next year’s programs. Active In College Affairs
Hillel will hold a barn dance and Dr. Do Bell was active in extra-
bring a speaker to assembly; New- curricular activities at college in
man Club will hear Miss Peltz; SCA addition to directing college exten-
schedules a musical program. sion work for the past ten years. He
SCA was indispensable to the college year

Frosh Club. the freshman unit of books. having taken the majority of
Student Christian Association in- its pictures and photos. In civic af-
tended to promote interest in com- fairs he was parishioner of the Del-
munity church participation by un- mar Methodist Church and a former
derclassmen. has announced its of- member of the University Club and
ficers for this year. the YMCA.

Those elected were Marie Balfoort Born in Sayre, Penn. in 1896 Dr.
as president, Ruth Seelbach as vice D0 Bell was graduated from Syra-
president and Alice Williams as cuse University where he received
secretary. These officers will pre- both his BA. and MA. degrees. A
side at the next meeting on Jan. 12. membel‘ 0f Phi Beta Kappa he

The next general meeting of Stu- earned the degree 0f Doctor of
dent Christian Association is schcd- Philosophy at Cornell University.
uied for January 10, A tentative He had been an instructor at Col-
musicnl program has been planned. Billie University. the University of
Newman Club Pennsylvania, and Syracuse Univer-

Mm-guci-ite Bostwick, '45. president sity before his appointment to the
of Ncwmmi Club, urges all members State COiiege FRCUiW in 1928.
to get behind the stamp drive today. President. Deans Lament Loss
Newman Club members under Mary ACCOl'diIlg‘ t0 Dl‘- Milton G. NGISOH.
Straub, '46, have been in charge of Dean. he will “miss a wise counse-
ilic stamp booth all week. and Miss 101' and friend" While Miss Ellen C.
Bostwick asks a final push to send SEORGSI Dean of Women. adds her
the total over the top, praise—“I have never known such an

On January 11 the club plans its excelltiOIlfliiy fine 13018011. Everyone
last meeting of the semester to be liked him. He had it real devotion to
hem [1i Newman Han The Bane- his work and a genuine interest in
diction is scheduled for 7:30 and the “11 Of his Students."
meeting will begin promptly at 8 DP- JOilll M. Snyios, President of
RM, Feature of the evening Wm be the College, sums up this man’s
a talk by Miss Catharine W. Peltz, great DGI'SOllﬂiiiy ill “10 fOlimvillg
Instructor of English statement: “During the period of
"HM his work here, he exemplified the

Harriet Grecnbmg' president of best characteristics of fine class-
Hmel' has announced that a, a room touching; his understanding of
Board meeting. today a budget for student needs, his friendly coopera-
ncxt your will be drawn up and a “on 1“ Ollt'of‘cluss l‘elp' his D"
new program will be considered iiciicc in explanation, his friendli—
Tcniativc plans include a speaker in Re” we” always apparent" To the
assembly and a bum dance for an students with whom he had closest
Students interested. The cultural contact, his home was always a hav-
gmups Started this yum, Wm also be on of rest and play and the welcome
renewed. which they received there made re-
Any Hillel members who will be Lug] l‘o “will”? place easy-

lll New York City during the holiday 0 Poss‘hbw executive ability-
scuson are invited to attend the Re- demontm‘ted by development and
00pm" to be h old at the Brooklyn promotion of extension courses with-
Coucge Founduum] on December” in the community which under his
and 23- On December 22 the mm leadership were self-sustaining and
gram will begin at 2 find last until woélhiwlme' , _

5:30 P.M., with a dramatic prosenta- 1”,” m d we lebp‘mt' “team and
tion at 8:30 PM. A dance is sched- n {gum or “wumomty‘ we shall
ullcd for 8:30 PM. on December 23. m ‘5” mm 50m”

Tie program for both days will in- —- “m

elude square dancing, claﬁsical and SEE Requests Senior Folders ,
folk music, and a round table disous- Mills Mary Albert: Director of the
sion on “What should the U. S. Im- Student Employment Bureau, re-
migration policy be in the Post-War quests that all Seniors have their
Palestinian songs and folders in the SEE office before
dances will be a feature. Christmas vacation.

Religious Clubs
Make ’45 Plans

=.e

_  .a.mummmw...s....,,......R.....~-—w,.".._.___ m“, ‘

 

