 

 

 

 

 

 

--by KII’PY MARSH

This is the story of twelve girls who played Santa
Claus. They didn’t look like Santa Claus’es. They
didn’t look like much of anything. They were lust
twelve little drowned rats that trooped into the tiny
gym. shaking their steaming heads, pulling off their
rain-soaked coats and sneezing as they felt the rain
still oozing through the toes. They pulled the boxes
of gifts in after them and gave their wraps to the girl
who met them at the door. It wasn’t much like
Christmas: the small room was quite cold and the
rain was beating against the windows and the boxes
had leaned over on one side with a hopeless air.

The girls looked at the room. There was a piano in
the corner, an old player with the pedals gone. There
were a few chairs and some athletic equipment. But
they were playing Santa Claus. So they set the tiny
tree on the table and opened the boxes and boxes of
candy to set around it. And they waited, sniffling a
couple of times, for the boys and girls to come. Finally,
a few appeared at the door, looking tentatively at the
girls. The girls looked at themselves and at the group
in the doorway. There was a concerted movement
toward them. . . “Hi, come on in. What‘s your name?
Wouldn’t you like some candy?" An inviting gesture
toward the tree accompanied the words. A couple
moved surreptitiously away from the girls and toward
the candy. Finally the shyness vanished and the boys
fell to work on the candy while the girls hesitated near
the fringes.

After awhile the gang began to grow larger and
noisier. The Santa Clauses looked at each other help-
lessly. How would they ever quiet them down long
enough to get the party started. Evidently somebody
had thought of the answer already. The leader came
in and blew a whistle. They began to settle down on
the chairs and the bedlam calmed to a deafening roar.
A couple of chords on the piano stopped them long
enough to start out on the Christmas carols. They
knew them all. and sang them lustily whether they
did or not.

The entertainment wasn’t long and it had never been
rehearsed. But no Bernhardt ever felt as richly re-
warded by an audience as did the twelve Santa
Clauses singing “The Gay Desperados" on an off key
as their talents demanded.

Then came the climax —- the unveiling of the
presents. Into the four corners of the room the group
was divided and the boxes pushed over so that the
presents could be carefully handed out and everyone
would have an equal amount. The girls sat dutifully
down and waited but the boys took matters into their
own hands and swept the six girls near them out of
the way. Vain and ineffectual were the attempts to
stem the tide so the girls collapsed weak with laughter
while the boys ripped and tore through the boxes.
fighting for elbow room. And so the Santa Clauses
stood in the front of the room while paper and wrap-
pings and tinsel flew and the screaming and shouting
increased and they know that it was Christmas. And
they wished that every person who had bought a
present for them could stand there with them and
have the same feeling of Christmas.

So they got down on their hands and knees and
looked at the presents. A little eight year old girl with
glasses carrying around a copy of “A Tale of Two
Cities" confided that she had gotten it in excl'iangc
for “Heidi.” A small boy come up crying that he only
had five presents. There were cries of “Oh. look at
this!” One girl held up a pair of car muffs. “What
are these for?" she asked politely.

And they played together. They got to know each
other by "Elmer" and “Poppy” and “Mary” and ‘Joan.”
They asked for pictures. for letters. for addresses.
They danced the Virginia Real and hugged the Santa
Clauses. And nobody could believe that it was 9:30
and time to go home.

It was with reluctance that the Santa Cluuscs lcft,
escorted by everyone still crying. 'Dld you give mc
your address?" "Will you come again."

They walked home. the Santa Cluuscs. with the fch-
ing of Christmas around them. And one Santa Claus
rcccivcd this letter the next day:

"I fulﬁll/(ill lhl: purl” WII'II ‘Illill'll mid (flijli‘l/I’Il l/lc
dancing with. you. I was rcry (/lod Io i/ci all No:
(him/s lhdl I go]. All (In; Icids lilo: you. And (In: lions
uioul your midrcss. I like you our” IIillI‘Il. I [hill/r,
Hutl your girls did it [fun job on. Hio par/y. I'V/II'IL
'i/(nl'sm! lln: olhcr girls loll Ilirrin. Ilml IIIci/ will In:
[Hiring lollcr from inc. 1 film all lilo [n'osrriils Hull
1 (/ol. And (Ill lilo ('hildi'lril lilu' I/ll‘l'll. I (“it I5 orors
old now. 1/ you do not know how I loo/r. I will No
“f 1/1”: you it piclurc of me. I (“It llll'l/lllll [his Ho:
“W” ."I "I" I‘lll‘fll- Herons-c l was lhlnlr of you and
“"1 "1"“ “mil/H find you oirls yum: us. I in”... um,
lion and I could Irrpl loriling Io ouch ol/ll'r. [mam
and kiss.

You nuulc lhis Christmas, Slate Colic 'c. i I -
Santa Claus to 140 kids who will ncvcrLl‘lii-gbtnyllllfuw

The Weekly Bulletin——

\“III In-

|u'l':-lili looking linv Inn-.1

qnosls llifll oil HI-ulor fold poslcr illl\‘l‘l'llhllii{ lin- llll'l'l‘

M‘s In' IlillilIl‘ll In lollily. I'lll pliiyn.

’i‘llc Si‘lll ol'l'lcc will In: "I‘LLIG’I‘IN

opcn unlli Ii 1'. .\l. Ilor. if: l'lirbdnnls us-

llll.\\1.\'l‘l(‘H hl'lnliiy III II A. .\|.

in-udiinI- for llw poulm‘ IIH'. l7» \’nl'illluu begins
mulcnl nponslii‘l'll by I'IIw ill Trill“ l'. M.

nlunlury lirulnulll's is .Illn- .Iun. .'i ('Iithl'ii l'l'Plllllilill

nary l. .i prlzo of $5.00 of Hzlili A. .\1.

NE"
.\Il.s"w' \lury .\IIn'l‘l. ro»

illi’lll‘lIl-Il In Ilil~

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1944

THE CRITIC

)9 3

By A. E. F.

As one director to another—my
compliments. It was a novel experi-
erce for me last Saturday night to
sit by for two hours in a. State col-
lege audience and watch a play hap-
pen; watch without an extra heart
beat as trays edged around tight
corners. flower boxes produced genu-
ine flowers, sound effects went on
and off, and a hairpulling contest
ended in an undignified scramble
that would have closed the show in
Boston.

But though one can shed respons-
ibility, one does not so easily shed
memory and expcrience. One is con-
ditioned, as the psychologists assure
us. One realizes that smoothness,
fluidity of movement, and consistent
tempo do not just happen. They
mean planning and grind. And when
the production is not part of a regu-
lar course. but must be done on
borrowed time; when the director
must work in class rooms after
classes. after meetings. after Big 8
and ED. rehearsals, with half the
cast having grippc, the success of
the Damask Check. is surely not
negligable.

Being a director myself. I make
my first bow to the directors. Mar-
tha Sprenger and Bob Loucks. who
not only cast the play. directed the
acting. but had final responsibility
for publicity. costuming, props. sets.
lights. sound effects. and general
stage management. That they had
able assistance in their committee
chairmen was evidenced on every
side. Mike Buetow and her crew
deserve special mention for the ex-
periment in set and the smooth
technical performance.

Now let us look at the acting. We
must begin by admitting that the
first act was dull. As I see it. this
was due to three factors. First of
all. the directors and actors were at
fault. Their eagerness for tempo
dcadencd their realization that the
first act contains the exposition, and
must be heard by the audience. Then
too. tempo does not consist in words
poured out in a torrential stream.
One has only to recall thosc greatest
artists of high comcciy. Lynn Fon-
tannc and Alfred Lunt. to realize
that tempo may be bctlcr described
as an ability of mind and response
evidenced in a nice discrimination
between the important and the lin-
important. A quick glance. a pause.
the subordination of the trivial,
those are what make both tempo
and projection possible. And those
are learned aptly from much ex-
pcricncc. The problem was further
confused Saturday night by Rhoda’s

tortured English accent. I agree with
the directors that an English accent
was essential to the part, but it
should have been authentic.

The second reason for the audience
apathy in the first act needs no
elaboration. Much has been said
about the acoustics of Page Hall.
Let us pass on with the memory that
Edith Wynne Matthison, Walter
Hampden and Mady Christians have
been as inaudible there as ourselves.

Lastly the fault lies with John
Van Druten and Lloyd Morris. Surc-
ly it is a talky and pedestrian first
act. It would take more skilled ac-
tors than our young people to breath
life into it.

Now for some of the moments
that I liked. I recall most pleasantly,
along with the audience, I am sure,
the quarrel scene between Rhoda
and Calla ending in the questionable
skirmish at the end of Act III,
Scene I. It seemed an authentic
contest, and not the polite jabbing
one normally encounters in an
amateur quarrel scone. The moment
in which Daphne “told her love” to
Neil Harding had a charming awk-
wardness. not quite sustained. per—
haps. but most winning while it
lasted. I like the memory of Calla
in her gold ball dress sitting on
the sofa for such a long time with
nothing to do, yet doing it so char—
acteristically. In fact. I am particu—
larly enthusiastic over Calla. Wheth-
cr one agrees with her interpreta-
tion or not, it was consistent and
sustained throughout. So well, in
fact. that I overheard the whis-
pered question. “Is that Elizabeth
McGrath really a nice girl?" (I as-
sured the party that you were, Liz.i

There is much one might mention
about this first production of the
Playhouse. The characterization, for
instance. No two directors would
cast alike. Frankly, I should have
switched Teddy Fine and Lucillc
Kenny. Both of those very capable
girls seemed to me to fall short of
their best Saturday night. They ap-
peared too oflcn to bc acling. In
contrast. Bill Schicff us the ado-
lcsccnt boy was quite authentic. The
Playhouse owes its thanks to Fred
Shoemaker who came back to help
out with his very plcasunt Jlinmy.
As for Bob Loucks. wc had so long
associated him with old men in po—
etic plays thnl the smoothness of
his Neil Harding was refreshingly
Welcome.

All in all it was an evening of
which the Playhouse may wcll be
proud and from which I came away
feeling a bit smug. Aftcr all. you
wcrc my chicks!

 

idea

440MB

By Shirley Slegcl Pussow

“The peace confcrcncc is taking
place now," said author Picrrc Van
3llasscn at the Ten Eyck Monday
night. What kind of peace is shap-
ing up? Wushlnglon m Scrapping
thc uttcinpt to railroad through ap-
proval of thc Stutc Dcpt. nominc iii.
the Scnulc Foreign committm this
wcck cross-qucstloncd nominccs
Joseph 0. Crew. Jumcs C. Dunn, W.
l.. Cluylon, Brig. (ion. Julllls C.
l-lolmcs. Archibald Mucladsh and
Nolson A. ltockcl‘cllln'. Clllylon i‘
stumpcd us a \vculthy mnnlpulutor
ol tbc world cotton curtcl—«lmlilmly
mouldcr of u gcnorous lJ‘ndc policy.
Dunn was in chargc of incoming
rcports lroln Hpuin during the
Civil War. Son. (iull'cy (1)., Pu.i
cllui'gcs tIliiI. Alnbussullor ilowors'
(lulu. which l'uvorcd the Spanish
llrpubliculn; during tho war. were
sidetruckcd und i)l‘li-l"l'ltll(3() infor-
mation dclivcrcd to tho President.
l-lcarlngs urn postponed llntll Cuf-
icy can collect proof. The public is
following the hearings with intense
intcrcst. judging by mail to Con-
gressmen. . . .

Clii.:ago: The U. S. announces an
aviation agreeinan with Frunco
Spain. Mudc lndcpcndcntly of thc
Civil Aviation Conl‘crcncc dclcgntcs.
the (food will not lubrlcntc growing
friction between English and Am-
crlcun dclcgutcs. . . London: The
Churchill gowrnmcnt won it con-
fidcncc votc on llrltish troops but-
lllnl: tln- lecrutllm militia, ELAS'.
in (il‘l‘l‘lll‘r with u subslllutlul ma-
,lorlly iiol voting. inlbor ol'fcrcd it
mild rcsolntion hoping for police in
(ii-coco. but did not condclnn thc
govcrnmcnt. It is i‘cnrcd Churchill
would like to use such u protest to
dislodge Labor from the coalition
govci'ninl'nl. Commons wants to
know the lrulli of iurlo Sl‘orzn‘s
slulcmcnl thul llritons nrgcd him
to l-ndorsc King Vlrlor I'Illlllllllllll'l,
Iliuropl-‘s oidcst Fascist dupc. Do-
bnlc gocs on today. . London:
WIll'll the Reich Al'iuics collupsc,
tho Nazis will vitulizc u labyrin—
lhllm projcct of gucrrillu wurlurc,
high power propaganda. disguise of
its ugcnts through new personal
pnpcrs lunl subotugc. Whon Alllcd
unity l‘lnully cracks, Germany will
bc rcudy to take over the world. So
says Ilclnrlch I-Ilunnicr, in a report
from American Army intclllgcncc.

Brief Candle . . .

State has long been among the many colleges
seeking the ideal student-teacher relationship. The
past few years have marked the epitome of what
such a relationship can and should be at State.
With the death of Dr. Howard D0 Bell, Assistant
Professor of Mathematics, we not only lost an
excellent math teacher, we lost the strongest flame
in the development of a real companionship between
students and faculty members.

We, as students, like to have the teacher come
out from behind the desk once in a while and work
with us. W e, as future teachers, aim for the ability
to be natural no matter which side of the desk we
happen to be on. We, as the Student Body of
State College, must admit that in Dr. Do Bcll, we
found our example of professional distinction and
out and out cooperation combined.

A few of us had him in class. It is unncccsszn'y
to repeat that his courses were colored by his
friendly humor, for that has always been fully dis-
cusscd'among us. Some of us had occasion to go
to him for assistance of some sort or nnolbcl‘, and
again, we need not say how unscifishly his Iipr was
offered. Dr. I)o Bell was always on hand with his
car to transport students to and from picnics and
we did not hesitate. to ask him, for we know he
would take lbc tinlc if bc possibly could. If is lbul
sort of confidence of the students in a leather that
is the true test of one‘s Worth in lbc profession.

State will not soon forget lhc photographs by In.
Iio Bell that have appcurcd for many years in lbc
S’l‘n'rl-z C()l.l.l".(‘.li vas and the I’cdogogm'. \\'ilboul
his untii'ing assistance, we would have missed inorc
than one l’l'llcgogm' lllllI issue of the NEWS. llis
Llllil'IS helped to mukc tbc Slate movic. lil‘lilllll‘l‘ll
lost your. lllc brilliant succcss it was. 'I‘hc Izllll-r
projccl was an outstanding cxumplc of sludcnl—
lucully coopcrulion of the collcgc.

I’robzlbly lhc thing,r for which wc owc mosl lo Iir.
l)o Iicll. is the inlcrcst bc bus crcnlcd in photo—
gl'zlpby among tbc sludcnls. Hc was lbc iln‘cnlivc
bcbind lhc organization oi I’luilogrnphy (‘Iub Insl
your. I'Ic cvcn wcnl so far as to have slulll-nls old
in his bomc whcrc he could lf‘llCIl ihcm llu- impoi
lzml scl'rcls of Iigllling. porli‘zlit taking. and Il'i'Il-
niqucs in (Icvcloping lhul nrc l'ss‘cnliul lo :1 good
pbolngrupbcl‘.

I)l‘. Ilo IchI kindled lbc flumc to 2m inlcrcsl Ill
phologrupln'. I'Iis aim was in train sllulcnls in
photography so chI lbzll lbl-y could do work for
all the coIIl-gc publications inslcnd of buying lo
hirc an outsider.

'I‘Iu'sc first slcps Ilr. I)o IiclI took lowzn‘d It
sllidcnl-fucully rclnlionsbip wcrc firm and surc, nol
lollcring. In all rcspccl in him, we cannot. wc musl
not fullcr. The path was broken for us, sludcnls
and fucully. (fun wc follow lhc clemplc of lir.
Ill) IicII?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of1918

Vol. XXIX

.‘Il'IllIll'I'

Dcccn'ibcr l5. Iii-ill No. it!

' lilslrlbulor

.\.~l.~ilil'l:lil'l| l'llllog‘lull- I'l'cs‘a‘ f'lilll'izlilil' Illgl'sl
l‘lic llinlvrgrnlluilIl- Ill'\\’h]HI|ll'I' ol’ lln- .\'cw \orl, Hlu'lll'
l‘ollllgo l'or 'I'l-ul-Iil-rs; |l|IllIl\Iil‘ll l‘\'l'l'_\' lv‘rlllny ol' Ibo l‘ol»
l'Kl' your by lIIl' .\‘l'1\\'.\' llonrd for [Ill‘ Sludl-nl Amoco:
lion. I'lionos: (il'l'lcc, i'i-lllllfi; .\loycrs. '_'~i.'l.'i7; iirnry, " LITH'J.

 

lihl‘llliillﬁNlllD Pt)" NAIIUNAL ADVEHIIIJING LIV
. . . . .

National Advertising Scrvwc, Inc.
(.ollrgc l'I/blix/wrs lir/Ircmllnlirc

420 MADISON A‘IE. New Youu. N. V.

lnocllco - liouvou v Lou Munro - Sm Francisco

 

The News Board

DOROTHY M. MEYERS
SUNNA E. COOPER l
EDNA M. MARSH l
LOIS DRURY ~
DOHOTHEA SMITH
JOAN HYLIND

JOAN BERBIIICH
ELIZABETH O'NEIL

LDIIUH lN-l'llll'l’

(l) MAN/\(lINﬁ liillllll‘i
liliulNlhu MAN/\hliil
Cllll..'lll AHON MANAlil ll
bl'ulllﬁ Illllllli
AbEiUlIIAII. Illlluli

AhHOLZIAlL’ l.l)l ll)“

 

“kill-n 2

 

All l-onnnnnirulions should ’w :llllll‘l'n'rli'll lo Iln- cllllor lillll
'l‘ho H'l‘.\'i’l'l l‘lil.l.l'lllll: Nl'lll’S llsuunn-s no rcsponslbllllr
lor opinions cxprosm-li Ill Ils columns or cominnuil-nlions
Inlnll ln' signed. Nunw will be \VIIIIIII‘III upon rcquosl.
us such l'XIll‘l‘rirlllIliH llli nol nrccrlsvlrlly rl-l‘il'cl Ilu Vch.

Futterer Chooses
Cast, Committees

For E. D. Plays

Poster-Publicity Contest
To Stimulate Interest;
Deadline Is January 4

The Elementary Dramatics class
under the direction of Miss Agnes E.
Futterer, Assistant Professor of Eng-
lish. will present three one-act plays
Tuesday, January 16 at 8:30 PM. in
the Page Hall auditorium.

The three pluys. “Ovortoncs.”
“The House Divided.” and “Why I
Am a Bachelor,” will receive acidi-
tional publicity this year through the
poster contest sponsored by the
publicity committee.

The cast for "Overtones" consists
of Marianne Davis. Shirley Gross.
Ellen Maloncy. and Julia Boxcr.
Mary Tcliun. Betty Rose Hilt. Lois
Fillmnn, and Joan Mather make up
the cast of “The House Divided."
and “Why I Am a Bachelor" will
star Muriel Rubin, Bill Shicff. and
Clyde Cook.

Stage Committees

Miss Futicrcr has appoinlcd the
following commiltccs for the produc-
tion:

Sets. Lights, and Sound Effects:
Marion Buctow. chairman: Betty
Jane Bittnrr. Janette Sonic. Joan
Doughty. Dolorcs Lawson. Shirley
Gross. Anncttc Kochn. Lorna Kunz,
Cclcna Axclrod. Marion Vitullo. Bet—
ty Rosc Hilt. Mary Naylor. Mary
Harvey. Esther Uta]. Constance Les-
slcr, Patricia Clync. Theresa Glcl -
son, Joan Mnlhcr. Jamcs Conlcy.
Paul Pcnrosc. William Shicff. Mari-
anne Davis, Julia Boxcr. Shciln Wal-
kins, Patricia Kcurncy. and Florcncc
Grodc.

Props: Mm'y Sanderson, chairman;
Mary Boss Vcrnoy. Elizabeth Mar-
goi. Florcncc Coopcl', Jcan Laslicr.
Elizabth Williams. Dorothy Knapp,
Ruth Lilicni‘cld. Annc Maslrangclo.
Gcncvicvc Young. Joan chry and
Lois Fillmun.

House: .lozln Alvcrson. chairman:
Mnrjoric O'Grody, Mollic Wcinslcln.
Vivian Niclscn. Margurcl Wintcr.
(‘hrislinc Truman. Ll-c Bruun. Ada
Marlin. llclcn lloncycombc. Bcvcrly
Link. Sll'fli Ehrlich. and Lillian
Killllt'kll.

Publicity: Pnlricin Sllccllun. clnlir—
innn. Clydc Cook, ilIVcIyn Doi'r. Vi-
vian Kronbcrg. Sully Dunn. Murlhu
Dunluy. Bclly Brcwslcr. Jnnc Mills
.llllin (‘ollil-r. Bully Brcnnnn. EIIi‘ll
Mulonry. Aim Mulloncy. nnd Muri-

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER

 

Femmes Fight Cig Shortage
Pioneer With Pipe, Cigar

Good old Walnut, best English
tobacco aroma and corn-cob pipes
have finally hit State. For those
suffering from the acute cigarette
shortage, a pipe seems the only
solution, or perhaps a cigar.

They've done it at Sage and at
other colleges; some courageous
girls are doing it at State. One
of the more daring girls reports,
“It isn‘t bad at all; I feel fine
after finishing a smooth pipe
smoke. Just wait until later
tho'."

When females smoke pipes,
there is only one step further——
enjoying a fragrant cigar. It’s
happened! One girl was seen with
a stub hanging from raspberry
lips.

In the Commons. a few faces
may appear to bear new green
pancake make-up. or perhaps the
ashc shade. Girls may stagger out
under the impact of too full a
pipcfull, or too powerful a cigar.
However. those who have tried
only suffer and say, “Necessity is
[he mother of pioneering.”

 

 

 

Hopkins to Present
Reading of Twelfth Night'

Shakespeare Class Performs
Second Section of Comedy

The class in Shakespeare conduct- 1

cd by Dr. Vivien Hopkins. instructor
in English. presented a reading of
the first three acts of "Twelfth
Night.“ Friday. December 8.

Mcmbcrs of the class portrayed the
roles. and incidental music was sup-
i‘lll-(I by Dr. Hopkins.

The remainder of the reading will
be given today. 2:30 PM. in thc
Lounge due to the fuel. that time
did not allow for completion last Fri-
day. All mcmbcrs of the studan
body are cordially invited to attend.

Doc lo the large number of people
in lllc class. rolcs wcl'c switched for
the diffcrcnl acts. The cast is com-
poscd of Dukc. Robcrt Loucks; Oli-
via. Eleonora Johnson; Viola. Doro-
IIl_\' Ridcr. Ch'ncc Shulls; Sir Toby
Bclch. Shirlcy Pussow. Mary Boss
Vcrnoy: Sir Andrew. Georgia Rllx—
tcn. Marion MacCullum.

lyn Warshuw.

Coslumcs: Priscilla Wcinslcln,
chairman: Alicc Knapp. Edna Swoo-
ncy. Ann Cullinnn. Mary Curcy,
I'Il'li‘ll Bodc, Anna Kcmcsics, Mary
'l‘clinn. Muricl Rubin. and Louise
Slrykcr.

Super-Sharp States-Man Dreamer
Takes Dazzling Damsel Dancing

dance floor on the wings of Mor-
cury. . . .

A illnlcs-mnn drcuins. . . .

ll’s n lovoly moonlit January cvc.
Cold. brighl slurs ui'c clchcd uguinsl.
lhc block \‘rlvcl Iicchns und n pulh
of golden lll(ll)|lIIl;lll lurcs ollr young
mun lo lhc M'l‘ll" of unicly.

chcl music. lhc sound of guy,
laughing \‘lil('(‘H -~- ull rush ()lll
lhrougll lllc porluls illl(| clu‘lnnpuss
our lirrunn'r. lil- lurus in dclllllilcd
Wondl-r in find amazingly >7 a
lowly, young Slnll- muidcn drosscd
ill :1 soil. clinging gown bcsldc him.
Silo slnill-s nlnl lukl-s his arm. 'i‘llcy
l'l'lm. lln- lIll'l‘HIlllIll und nrc ill oncc
sucpl lnlo lln~ whirlpool of dancing
(‘lllIDIl'h lllnl crowd lln' floor.

Holnl lIu‘ III'l'IlIlli‘i‘ Insl's his won-
(ll-rim: look; In- no longcr guzcs
l'usl'hmll-dly nl Ills onlrunl'inl: burl-
Ill‘l‘. llc bcl-olncs slnlvc, sophislil'ul—
l'll. blow. llv i‘.‘ nmslrr of llu' sillin-
lion! IIl' rilnls l‘llhII)‘ wllh lMss
III'i'ililli'Il'I. ln- hulls il'l'lnllly l‘lu'l's.
ln- I). pnrl of Mir nrruy of hnppy
\'I.‘uil|'.l‘.‘., puff of lin' noncrni llll‘l'l'l-
lncnl llc Inn. his In‘ul'liiiln und ll
I|(l\\' M‘l'nis Ill lln- I)l'l'liIIll‘l' lllui Ill'
llllH always hwn in col: in Ibis ro-
volvhm. lli'If’IlIIl' colon-d pin—whorl.

'l‘ln- ili'l‘lli‘hll'll drills irlnn onc
drcnlny nil-lolly lo unolhcr nnd our
ln-ro llllll inroch l‘loul lll'lllIIliI llu-

Ii. if. iillllklll St San

Pharmacists
I'IIDNli 44201.11]

 

tol'Aannnl n Illnli
157 CENTRAL AVE.
ALBANY. N. Y.

And so lhc cvcning pusscd m an
cvcnlng lo rcmcmbcr. But as all
good lhings must come to un cnd
somcllmc. so must this cvcning. It
pusscd quickly for thc Drcnmcr ~~
loo quickly. . . .

About lo bid ills Drcumglrl u fond
ndll-u. lln‘ Drcumcr turned in find
ln-r \unishcd from sight -~— the inuglc
of Ill‘l' swccl volcc sllll ringing Ill
his cars. . . .

"All rlghl. Siccplng Bolluly. how
about now vursion of thc forlnuln‘.’"
suddcnly rung u voicc. It was not
lln- l’llIi'i‘ of tho llrcumgirl. colisllil‘l'-
rd lhc l)rcumcr. No. if wus lhc voicc
of. . . Yr gods! (.lllclliisll'y! \Nllill.
um i doing Ilcrcl’! Yrs. Mr. liunl'ord.
ycs. Mr. l.unford. . . .

"l‘wns _lusl n Slnll-s-Mnn drcnmlug
of his dnlc for lhc l'ornnll .lnnuury

....

Sororities Hold
Annual Festivities

Xmas Patties Feature
Songs, Gifts, Games

Seven State College sororities held
their annual Christmas parties last
night. with festivities ranging from
gatherings for members only. to
date parties. A Christmas tree and
“Santa Claus" were featured at
many of the house. and gifts were
exchanged among members.

Gamma Kappa Phi began the eve-
ning with a buffet supper for faculty
members from 6 P.M. to 9 RM.
Non-resident members arrived at 7
PM. A grab-bag was one of the
main events of the evening. Fresh—
men headed the entertainment and
other committees.

Kl) Has Open House

An open house for State men from
9 PM. to 12 PM. was observed last
night by Kappa Delta, and the
“strictly lemme" party lasted from
midnight to 2 AM. Santa Claus.
enacted by one of the members.
helped in the distribution of gifts
around a traditional Christmas tree.
Rofrcshmcnts wcrc scrvcd during the
evening.

Chi Sigma Theta varied the usual
order by having two parties. A din-
irr for faculty members Monday
night was directed by Gloria McFer-
ran. ‘46. iarols were sung by the
assembch members and guests. and
Joyce McDonald. ’46. read “The
Night Before Christmas.“ Gifts were
exchanged. and Mary Curran played
Santa.

Lasl night the group observed a
“mcmbcrs only" party at 8 PM. with
Sophomorcs in charge. Bridge games.
caroling. and entertainment by tho
pll'dgcs occupied the evening. and
rci‘rcsluncnts were served. Members
dccoralrd a tree to add to the Christ-
mas atmosphere.

’i‘hcuirc Party For AEl’hi‘s

lnstcnd of the usual dalc party.
Alpha Epsilon Phi hold a theatre
purly for incmbcrs ul. 7 PM. ri‘hcy
rclurncd in [he honsc oi‘lcrwurds for
rcl'rcsluncnis and cnll-rininmcnt.
Sonya Kudish. ‘46. was in charge of
lhc cnlirc program. Lcila Sontz, ’46.
was in churgc of rcl‘rcsinncnls. as-
sisch by Molly Crcmcr, Muricl Ru—
bin, Shirlcy Gross, and law Bruun.
Sophomorcs. Members of file clcnn—
leilill‘cvbgkqjcmfwypxzii cmfw cmc
up commillcc urc Carol Borg. chair—
man. and Julia Boxcr. Judy Dubc.
and Cclinu Axclrod. Sophomores.

Ruth McCarthy, ‘47. was in charge
of lhc Psi Comma party. This group.
also, had a party for members only.
and lhosc prcscnl. cxchungcd gifts
during lhc cvoning. Refreshments
wcrc scrvcd. Committee members
worc Junci Johnston. Mm'y Emmet.
lIclcn Kisicl. and Margaret Daley,
i‘rcslnncn.
l'hi licltu Holds Date l’urty

Phi Dclln wns (mo of the few
sororilics holding a dulc party. This
port of tho program luslcd from 8
PM. lo l2 P.M.. with men present
from RP], Union College. Slcnn Col-
lcgc. und Albany Mcdicnl Collogc.
li‘l'illowing lhis. lhc mcmbcrs hcld
unolhcr party from 1'). lo 2 AM.
'l‘lic lhcmc of tho cnlirc cvonlng was
“Winlcr Sporls."

Bl‘lll chu look thc throw of lls
Chrlslnms party from IIll‘ lillc of
lhc pocm. “'l‘hc Night Bci‘orc Christ-
mus." Mcmbcrs and :1 low gucsis
ullcndcd lhc l'csllvilics from ll) PM.
lo 12 l”.M.. und gills Wcrc cxchungcd.
Commillccs wcrc llinlcrluinnu'nl.
(lcruldlnc Vnn AIIl‘ll. ’45, und Mury
l.on Cuscy. "ill; and ltcl'rcslnncnls.
Virginia und liorolliy 'l‘cvcrin. Soph-
lillllii'l‘h'.

 

Sl’llX‘lAI.
—-——— 'I‘() S'l‘l

TIIE GAMPIIS

Soft
203 CENTRAL AVE

 

A’l"l‘I‘IN’I‘l()N
IIIICN'I‘S ——--

Delicious Sandwiches
Sicuks and Chops
Drinks

RESTAURANT

PHONE 5-9055

15, 1944

Me

Music Council Choral Concert
Features Telley-Kardos, Pianist

There are musicians who can make
their careers pay from the very be-
ginning, believe it or not. For proof,
come to Music Council’s Choral
Concert in Page Hall at 8:30 PM.
on January 18, and hear the hand-
some guest pianist, Richard Tetley-
Kardos.

His is the typical story of “child
prodigy makes good.” From the time
he was seven years he knew that he
loved music, and wanted to do
something about it. This » “some-
thing” was to begin practicing five
hours a day and to keep it up even
when the novelty were off and such

Prominent Citizen
Donates Books
On Civil War

Miss Mary Cobb, librarian, has
announced the gift of 261 books con-
coming the Civil War to the State
College Library. These books were
first willed to the Boys’ Academy by
Dr. Albert Vanderveer. late member
of the Board of Regents of The
University of the State of New York.
However, the Boys’ Academy felt
that these books were more suited
to advanced research, and through
the efforts of Dr. Edgar Vanderveer.
the donor's son. the gift was trans-
ferred to the State College Library.
ll'nculty Give Gifts

The list of books added to the
library for the period March, 1944,
to August, 1944. is now available for
the faculty. The library gratefully
acknowledges gifts from the follow-
ing members of the faculty: 
Anna Burs-am. Dr. Gertrude Douglas.
Dr. Vivien Hopkins. Dr. Elizabeth
Morris. Dr. Milton G. Nelson. Dr.
Catherine Pcltz. Dean Aim Picrcc,
Dr. John Saylcs. Dr. Minnie Scot-
land. Dr. Esther Stallmunn, and Dr.
Ellen Stokes. The following fricnds
and alumni have also made contri-
bulions of one or more volumes:
Mrs. Marion Moorc Coleman. Mrs.
Elizabeth Colycr. Carroll V. Loner-
gan. and Mrs. Jean L. Matthews.
Books On All Subjects

The books include these subjects:
Ari. Biography. Business. Classics.
Education, Folklore. Geography,
Trovol, Manners and Customs. His-
lory. Hygicnc and Medicine. Litera-
turc. Forcign Litcrnturc in Translu-
llon, Music. Philology. Psychology.
Scicncc and Mathematics, Sociology,
Econonncs. and Govcrmncnt.

The English 200 B SS 44 class
conlribulcd u volume. the summer
colony at Star Luke Inn made the
very generous and substantial con-
tribution of the "Universal Jewish
Encyclopedia” in honor of President
Suylcs. and  C. E. Reynolds has
sent “How To Think About War and
Peace" in memory of Donald W.
Eddy. ’34, “who dch while serving
his country."

44’s Tax Delinquents Number 60

The Sludcnt Board of Finance has
unnounccd thul. thcrc are approxi—
mutcly (in students who have not ycl.
pnid lhclr sludcnt lux. As this year’s
budch was formulnlcd with lhc cx-
pcclnllon of rccclvlng this money.
ll ls impcrulivc that it is puld.

things as baseball cut in. I

From this beginning to the present
date. Tetley-Kardos has been 1 en-
tirer self-supporting; he taught,
coached and became an accomplish-
ed accompanist. At the age of eight,
he was writing melodies. At eleven
he gave his first recital and from
then on until he was fifteen. he
arranged and managed his own an-
nual concerts in San Diego. When he
was thirteen he had his first song
published — “Spanish Serenade." At
fifteen he had his first radio con-
tract and at sixteen he made his
Hollywood recital debut. Within
three years he was carrying a
schedule of thirty concerts a year.

The saying goes that “a prophet
is without honor in his own coun-
try." Richard Tetley-Kardos is the
exception that proves the rule, for
he has become almost an institu-
tion on the West coast where he was
born and brought up. At the age of
twenty he became accompanist for
r.otte Lehmen. Later he was with
the Kraft Music Hall of the Air. He
has also played for such outstanding
artists as Lily Fons. Dusolina Gian-
nini, Gladys Swarthout and, more
recently, he was assisting artist with
Grace Moore. Besides all these ap-
pearances Tetley-Kardos continued
to give concerts. A five and six times
repeater for the Los Angeles Phil-
harmonic, he played the "Emperor
Concerto" at the Hollywood Bowl
and received many favorable news-
paper comments.

The Los Angeles Examiner said of
his performance. “Distinctly impor-
tant among the younger generation
of pianists and equal to the best of
them. He has the gift of beguiling
his hearers.”

The performance at State College
in January will be his first appear-
ance here on the eastern coast.

Student Union . . .

lCou/inucd fl no page 1, Column 1)
Board upon request the exact
status of fund.

4. To come to an agreement with
the Student Union Board on time
lo build.
 To meet with Student Union
Board and discuss plans for build-
mg.
6. To be in charge of drawing up
plans and. if the plans are ap-
provcd by the Student Union
Board. to proceed with the con—
struclion of the building.
’7. To administer financial affairs
of the Union after it is erected."
Because the Committee feels that
lhcrc may be additions or revisions
to this resolution before or at its
presentation in Assembly. the pro—
posal has not yet been broached to
the Benevolent Association. How-
cvcr. the Committee reports that it

“feels quite confident that the As-

sociation will accept the respons—

ibility of the Fund."

Suylcs To Speak
In ordcr to answer the many ques—

tions about the Alumni Association

W how it works. what the Benevo-

lcnt Association is. who clccts the

Board of Directors. and what part

the prcscnt student body. as nlumni,

will huvo in the plan m Dr. John M.

Suylcs. Prcsldcnt of the College has

ol‘l‘crcd to speak in Assembly on

Junuury 5. He will explain the or-

ganization of the Benevolent Asso-

ciation and respond to any queries
prcscnlcd in him.

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. Pnoc.

BOULEVARD

198- 200 CENTRAL AVENUE

Try Our Ilusincssmun‘s Lunch

60c

DIAL 5“]913

GAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

201 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

FRANGIS J. LAMBERT
JEWELICII

Export llcpuiring

Wulchcs —- Clocks —-

Jewelry
PHONE 4-7915

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

