 

 

 

 

PAGE Ii

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1944

State Gains Music Prof,-
StokestoHeadDepartment

 

Down by the 0-hl-o comes dark-
eyed Charles F. Stokes, a boon to
frustrated music students who were
minus a music director last semes-
ter because of the resignation of
Dr. Candlyn, former Assistant Pro-
fessor of Music. Dr. Stokes’ first
interest in the musical field came
as a result of instruction in school.
Furthering his study of music. he
entered and graduated from the
Cincinnati Conservatory of Music.

While attending the Conservatory.
Dr. Stokes won prizes for song com-
position. After attaining his Mas-
ter’s degree in Music, he obtained a
Doctorate in Education at the Uni-
versity of Cincinnati. Placed in
charge of music methods in pre-
paration for teaching, he conducted
orchestra, band, and chorus con—
certs as well as producing animal
operettas in Cincinnati, among them
being “The Student Prince" and
“Naughty Marietta."

Mrs. Stokes, also being a graci—
uatc of the Conservatory. contri—
butes to the family musical talent
in her pianistic ability. Since Dr.
Stokes is a violinist, both he and his
wife have appeared together in sev-
eral recitals.

Dr. Stokes has performed in con-
certs at theatres and hotels in Ohio.
He enjoys playing the viola as well
as the violin. Golf and math are
two of his extra-music interests.

Here at State, the new music pro~
fessor is teaching two courses in
Music Appreciation, one Harmony
course. two sections of Chorus, alid
is assisting in tha direction of “The
Mikado,” Gilbert and Sullivan oper-
etta, to be presented by Music Coun-
cil in April. Students will receive
credit for participation in the oper-
etta this semester. Rosalind Gins-
burg. '46. who has been directing the
College Symphony Orchestra since
early Fall is being assisted by Dr.
Stokes.

Some classical favorites of the
new prof include Cesar Franck's
"Sonata for Violin and Piano,"
“Death and ’l‘ransflguration” by
Richard Strauss, and Mendcllsohn’s
‘Flngal’s Cave."

Since Dr. Stokes cannot be reach-
ed by phone for a while because of
war measures, he wants the stu-
dents to know that he is residing at
the following address: (5 South Hel-
derberg Parkway, Slingcrlands.

Our new “maestro” smiled and
said that he is planning on a suc-
cessful year in music, and hopes to
gradually broaden the department
so that a variety of musical ma-
terial will be available to the college
students.

State Fair—

(C‘onllnucd from Page I)
circulate through the halls of the
buildings urging visitors to congre-
gate iii the Commons for the Grand
Finale.

After the contest, prizes will be
awarded for the best group conces-
sions. At midnight, the Fair will
dlsband officially.

by Marie Scudder

 

 

Dr. (‘lnirlcs Stokes

Five Senior Interviews
Result in Appointment

Several senior interviews. arrang-
ed by the SEB since the start of
second semester, have resulted in
the following placements: Wilda
Baker. Social Studies in Onconta:
Marjorie Everett, Social Studies and
Latin in Renssellicr Falls: Regis
Hammond. Commerce at Hudson
Falls; Helen McDonald, English and
French at chssclaer Falls; and Gcr-
rtudc Myers, Social Studies and
English in Homer.

Miss Doris Kelly. head of Stu-
dent Employment Bureau. requests
that all Seniors and graduate stu—
dents who have not yet handed in
folders and intend to, see her im-
mediately. People who have handed
in folders without receiving their
pictures should get them as soon as
possible.

Students securing teacher posi-
tions with but a Bachelor's degree
are given a temporary teaching cer-
tificate. This policy has been nec-
essary because of the extreme short-
age of teachers which the war has
effected.

Peter, Newman Speaker;
Hillel Plans Reception

Newman Club will hold a meeting
on Wednesday at 4 PM. in the
Lounge. Sister Mary Peter of Mary-
knoll, New York, will speak on her
experiences coming over on the liner
"Gripsholm" from China to the
United States. Margaret Bostwick.
'44. President. stated that all of the
student body is Welcome.

Hillel is making plans for a future
gathering of the new freshmen.
President Ada Snyder, '44. urges the
freshmen to watch the Hillel bulle-
tin board for further notices.

 

Forsyth Gives

Views on State
Discussion of College

And Relative Standing

Dr. Elaine Forsyth, a recent addi-
tion to the Social Studies depart-
ment and the State College faculty,
will be the guest speaker in today’s
assembly.

The burden of her talk will be her
impressions of the student body and
the College as a whole; she will also
discuss briefly the relationship of
New York State College for Teach-
ers in comparison to contemporary
schools of higher education. This
is a subject in which Dr. Forsyth
is especially qualified to speak, since
she has had the- opportunity to par-
ticipate and observe other colleges
in action.

Dr. Forsyih rcccivcd her BA. at.
Teachers‘ College. Wisconsin; AM.
at the University of Minnesota; and
PhD. at Cornell University. Before
becoming substitute Assistant Pro-
fessor on the State faculty. shc
assisted in the Cornell History dc-
pertinent.

This cxtcnsivc background train—
ing is apparent in the appeal and
cmpathy already established in her
courses. Dr. Forsyth has become ex-
ceptionally popular. her class lcc-
turcs being graced with both wit and
wisdom. I-lcr success in this field.
has been compared to that of hcr
predecessor. Dr. Robert Rcinow.

In addition [0 a discussion of illi—
prcsslons of Stale, she will point
out that which she thinks commend-
able, and tliai which can be im-
proved.

 

Faculty Skit, Fifth Big Ten
ls Enshrouded In Mystery

"Four down and six to go!" will
be the cry of the "Big Ten" after
tomorrow night when the State
Fair securely places liic fourth
niche in the list of lll()llt.‘_V-l'illslll[.',
activities for the war effort.

The half-way mark will be en-
trustcd lo the faculty who will
present Number 5 of the “Big
Ten" in Page Hall on February 21.

Although the faculty presenta-
tion is enveloped iii secrecy. a
morscl of information has slipped
out which reveals that. the facul-
ty is presenting a skit entitled
"Professors on Parade."

It is heard from another source
that the faculty project is in
reality a musical revue including
songs and dances as well as
dialogue.

Then along comes Mr. Know-
ltall who insists that Number 5
is a combination of a mystery
play alid a symphony.

So who's right? The faculty
won't talk. Of one thing, there
is certainty—and that is, it's
going to be a SURPRISE.

Participating in this presenta-
tion is the entire faculty. almost.

Admission to Number 5 will be
35 cents.

 

 

Ed. Classes Result In

Lamenloble Oulbursls From Juniors

 

 

A Junior's [of is not (I 'uppy one.
Loud groans pierce the halls, dead-
ened by the silence of night, when
the alarm boisterously bellows he-
slde Julie Junior's bed at 'lzlfi A. M.

The sighs alid linnentatlons of
Julio arc echoed by many a Junior
who slccpily stumbles through the
deserted balls to the lizlf) Methods
class while others. save a few llll-
fortunate ones. are softly sllnnbcr-
ing in a student's haven bed.

A variety oi views are expressed
by Juniors who resent. not only the
early morning Methods classes, bill.
the late Friday afternoon laid. it)
classes. Some feel very strongly
against both. others are more-or-
il-ss indifferent, and some actually
admit some value in them, believing
their worth compensates for the
ungodly hours.

Anita Leon says. “The purpose of
8:10 Methods classes makes them
useful and helps to dispeli the dis-
comfort that lniglit be caused by

by Betty ()‘Nell

having to got up fifteen minutes
on. licr."

Dolores ltopkc is willing to meet
the situation half—way: “i think
lith classes are OK. because we
gain a grcal (ll‘lll from Mctllods. but
those 3:30 lid. in classes are illl
atrocity."

Asidc from the opinions expressed
thus far. sonic Juniors strongly ob-
jccl. to bclng rudely awakened so
curly in llli' morning and kept llll-
lll 4:30 on Friday afternoon for
lllducutlon classes. Dulcic (iiulo holds
out for "seniority" rights: "Ilzlo
Methods classes! Are you kidding?
i feel like a lowly frosh again."
Martha (iurdlncr, on thc oiln'l‘
hand. looks at it irolli the point of
view of morniny Hil‘lllllf l'opol‘ily:
"ilillll 'l‘hut's too early in lilo morn-
lllg to even think."

A somewhat reasonable sugges-
tion is offered by Marion 1. Davis:
“In the 8:10 classes. they should
lilch alarm clocks going off every
five lliiiiiites to keep us awake."

ll‘ew object to the manner in
which the Methods classes are ceil-
ducted, but. "The first Methods
Class. and already two books and
two bulletins to read. . yipe!"
was the cxcllnnntlon emitted from
Allli Dillon.

Regarding the afternoon classes,
Mnrgan-i Walcs wants to know:
"Who likes to be surrounded by pri-
son walls from 3130-4230 when (Jlll'
might be honicward bound?" .lnncl
llrnlnln suglcsls lluit: “if we lliiVl‘
to have Ilzilll l‘ltl. ill classes, why not
have llli'lll on another day bllt Ii‘ri—
day?"

.ll-nn Oil'housc admits lhlu. “llzlll's
are UK, bill" she says. “l‘d rnlln-r
sleep in my own little bed. not in
class." The opliiloii most. typical of
Junior reasoning is that of Anne
Fritz: "I think the ilzlil's are good
(:1: ss to sleep through. and lhc
Il:3()‘s are good oncs to cut."

Did someone call them Jolly
Juniors.J

 

Four Stole Men

Promise Kisses

To Be Auctioned al Stale Fair

Call it osculation as the Ameri-
ans do, or “osculum,” the French
version, one still is left with what
all sailor lads are missing. That's
right—kisses! Tomorrow night at
the State Fair, Leap Year tactics
will be running wild when four
slips of paper guaranteeing one kiss
from four different men will be
auctioned off by a femme for the
femmes.

“Good for one kiss when present-
ed by bearer" will be waved by the
four highest bidders before the
eyes of the fortunate (7) males who
signed their John Hancocks to the
slips bearing the statement.

Take Jim Crandall, for instance.

“No. I want him!"

Break it up, girls. Saturday night
that answer to “what am I bid?"
will settle the argument.

To continue with Jim . . . . A
combo of football shoulders and a
ready sinlle. this captivating Soph-
omore consented to be one of the
victims “just as long as he wasn‘t
alone." (You won't be alone, .llm,
when the highest bidder for your
name stalks yoll to claim the re-
word!)

Next, please . . . . Here comes Al

Sophomores Sell
Stamps at Booth
Set $200 Goal

“A slaiin a day keeps inflation
away." Could a lrucr statement he
found in these times? If a dilne is
invested iii a defense stamp. it can't
possibly go toward seine new and
unnccrsary purchase.

The new stamp booth in the low-
('1‘ hall of Draper is a good -fronL for
Ihc sale of (lcl'cnsc stamps. With
the backing of the student. body. it‘s
purpose will not be denied. The
fourth war loan drive is appeal
enough to students to blly stamps
daily. and fulfill the goal of Student
Council 77 that everyone form the
"stamp 21 day” habit.

So far. the organizations who
lilch been in charge of the booth
have made impressive returns. stu-
dent Council had the booth for
three weeks, during which time they
sold 105 dollars worth of defense
staliips. Newman Club and AEPhi
each took in approximately 65 doi-
lars.

The Sophomore class will take
charge of the booth for four weeks.
Their returns will go toward the
participation of the Sophomore class
in the United War Effort. As out-
lined in Section C of Rivalry Rules.
the class most successful in its war
activity undertakings. regarding
participation of students and pro-
ceeds. shall receive ten points credit.

Bob Sullivan, President of the
Class of '46. has set a goal for the
class with no doubt. at all that it
will be reached: "200 dollars in four
weeks. or cut my throat." The
stamp-selling program has been
planned by Agnes Young, chairman
of thc Sophomore Class War Activ-
ity. There is seine member of the
class sitting at the booth from 9 A.
M.-3:30 P. M. every (lay.

An Auction-Dance was presented
by the Sophomores during the first
semester; also part. of their rivalry
War Effort. Future plans regarding
the War Activity have not been re-
vcnlcd by either rival class.

 

3m} WM Show“

 

HERBERT’S

ltlfi-l Madison Ave. Albany. N. Y.

 

 

Emil .l. Nagengast
Your College Florist
Cor. Ontario oi Benson Sl.

 

 

 

Benenati, joking and likable fresh-
man. The bids will run up to thou-
sands (of pennies) when the girls
see his wolfish gleam. He’s a
dancer, loo. Did I hear one dollar?

“Does it have to be just one kiss ?"
moaned Fred Shocmaker after sign-
ing his name. “Rules is rules," but
they're made to be broken, aren‘t
they? Nothing has to be said about
the appeal of the Senior who muss-
cd up his hair. leaned on the mike,
and crooned like you-know-wlio.
His admirers will have their chalice
tomorrow to get his signed slip,
(Jill . . . . no forging allowed!

Chekhov's “Boar,” Jim Mchelcy,
won't have to worry about his bid-
ding if there are any Miliiettcs in
the crowd. The rush will probably
be so terrific that the State girls
will have to bid on the double to
stand a fighting chance. As the
play audiences have noticed, Jim's

cr technique is far from ill-
pleasing. so this Scnior is woth
nnyonc's bid.

With pctitc (lcn Sabntini as haw<
l(Cl‘. the four kisses will be auction-
ed off for the benefit of thc l-lig,r ’l‘cn
fund. li'l/ost' bcncfit'3‘:":"f'.’

36 New Students

Enroll in State

New January Group
Include Thirteen Men

Doc to alarming var-lime condi—
tions and a conscqlu-nl drop in ca-
l'()lllll('lll., an exceptionally lni'gc
number of students have bccn ud-
niiled for entrance to Slatc for
the coming Spring scmcslcr.

Approximately 83 students lcil
during the last scmcsicr for a ynr~
icty of reasons. To iakc ihcir plat-cs
thirty-six applicants havu been scl-
cclcd from the group of pcoplc who
applied. Of these thirty-six. lliir-
Lccn arc man mid iwcniy—lhrcc :u'c
women.

Students entering as bcginning
frcshmcn number twmuy-scvcn. lil-
cluding tcii mcn mid scvcniccn
women. Seine of these J'rcshnlcn
may take advantage of the acceler-
ated program to make up for the
lost Fall semester, but the majority
will probably attempt to compensate
for last semester’s work by cxtra
work taken during the rcgular col-
lege year.

The remaining seven new students
are either uppcrclassmcn or grad-
uate students. A few are transfers
from colleges situated all over the
country.

Several students who had formerly
attended State have returned this
semester after a period of absence.
Virginia Greenmun, Marian Mc—
Cabe, Waldclnar Block, and Marion
Buctow have all spent some time
here in the past and have come back
to finish their college course. Some
of these students are planning to
take an accelerated program.

 

GOOD F000

in a li‘ricndly,
(‘oni fort able

Atmosphere

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEVIS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1944

 

Idem

M

or

In the last issue of the News there appeared a letter from a girl to
her soldier beau. This letter in no way reflected the views of the writer
of this column. and we are very glad indeed to print this letter which
was received in answer to Sally's plaintive missile.

Dear Sally,

Yesterday I read your lcller (old I was m'ry much. lcniplcd lo answer
you, even ol the rislr of (llicnoliny you.

I con'l deny that Illcrc is a good deal of juslicc in who! you say. Slolc
is for from being what ll ust Io, llIc men are your and social life is
nearly noII-mislcnl. I doil'l wiry you boclr home bill neither do I pily
you (I bll.

I yollII'r lliol you dou'i ('(ll'l' loo llllll‘ll for lollr of IIu-opons, nulrcllcs,
food and flil'lllllI/IIS. Bu! you ll‘l'lll' l)i(‘ oboul ('1)lf('[/(’ llIol is your life.
I llu'llr' oboul lll(’ ormy llIol's Illlill'. I could ll'll you I low: you. but
our: l'on'l llil'lll' lr'l/r'rs obon/ lllol (Ilom‘. u'r'llr in (Ind ll‘f‘f‘li‘ oul. Moylu'
I do .\‘(T'lll o s/ronyrr Io yon. Hnl you )llll.\'l rcoliu' IlIol llH’ boy ll‘llo
loorr' loud .s/II'r/x, .x-IIoI luls/rr'ls. ond sol urzrl lo you in Ed. I0 is your
Io onollIl'r lift in il‘llll'll llloxr- IIIiIII/s ploy no porl.

 

 

by KIPPY mans"

You sold [full you Irrrtu‘l lIIII‘iny any [on um! I odmillr‘d llIol Iros
so. [In], I/II'IIII' you, Ill'!’ ll‘!‘.' You orr in I'ollror‘ llIroug/li your own l'llUll'l’.
You ill'l‘ doino il'lllll you ll'lllil Io do. You or: 'lltll' your lril'ndx ond llllll‘
your lIonII'. ’I‘lIr s!’ (“'1 [ll'f’l'llillN llII'nyx lIIo/ you do no! li]l]ll'l‘('lllll ln mosr
you slill lllll‘l‘ Ilo'm,

I’nl yoursr'lf in our plot-1'. W! on [or oII'oy from liomr'. ll’r' orr omony
Sli‘l!)l{/l'l'.\'. ll’l [rod on IInfqullioI. lllfl'Il lilr. ll'r lllil‘l' no freedom of
('IIUIIY'. IVI' lll'l‘ olu‘oys olonl', olu‘oys lIquI sit-Ir. olu'oyx lu‘u'ildr'rrd.

Think of my Imddil‘s Ul‘l‘l‘Nl'llN. ’I'III y lllli‘t lo I n oo'oy for o yl'or or two
and will lu' your low or llll'('(‘ Hill/'1'. Somr of [In in III-w lll'l‘l'l' ronliuy
bow/r. It'l‘ry doy ox porl ol thcir curriculum l/IIy I'islv lllfll‘ [inns in llll‘
[Iv/l of l'llllllllll. I'Vlllll romp/oinl run you mo/rr lo I/II .xl‘ Ill('ll IlIol will no!
lo' ridiculous!

I'I'yl'lf, Holly. I hurt IIod my soy. .\‘o dould some of fill llIiuyx I how
sold only fllll‘l (HINDI/I‘d yon. Ho/ 1 lnlirm llll'lll Io lo IruI'. I do nol
(-ury you, um! I Would uol [run my lob low or I'llouor‘ my Illtll‘l' ,lm'
yours jor onyllliny. For [III ['1' Ix o 1'! I'llllll pridr II'I' Iind in il‘lilll 14'! on
(loiny. Iiul (In my] Ilmr yon IlIIulI' yours-I'll luolly oll‘. pol yourself in
xomr .\‘(lllll( r's xlIoI .x, “11‘ lIou' you lilrt llll‘lll.

Trillllll'l‘ull' I slloll ll‘l‘lll' you o lr'llr r ll‘lflllll you I slill low you. ’I'onileI
llil‘l'(' Iros somr/l/iny r'lst' I Iron/III lo soy.

.1014.
TO itii'l‘l‘ltN

In spiic of our dcicrmlinuion Inn to niakc this column illio WHO's WHO
AT THE ALTAR pcoplc insist on kccping ilp lhc bourgcois custom of
getting married. Jcnn Chapnnln and Earle Snow thc joincd thc ranks
. . . . Roz Slolc Hastings left to join her husband, l’rivatc Gordon who is
stationed at Memphis. Toncsscc . . . . A (' .loc l.cviii is now at Seymour
Johnson ficld inking basic training . . . . hairs ihc south . . , . and from
lcgitiinlllc sources we hear that he l’t'Cf‘l\’(‘(l lhc highcst mark in his
squadron . . . . plcnsc don‘t. halc us for lclling. Joc . . . . Stollioi‘, iirlistcin.
and ’l‘erlio lci‘i Scymonr Johnson and are now at Yale . . . . Living up to
his invariable custom "Dutch" gol losl in thc shuffle . . . .Dick llisgen likes
his new country. England. although :11 first he didn‘t like slccping iii
pup tents in true English wcathcr . . . . "Speed" Koiilcnz is in Washington
and incredible as it may seem. is having trouble with the WAGS . . . .
Stan Abrams is in Northeastern . . . . cnginccring.

LAST MINUTE FLASHICS

Familiar faces on soldicrs of the some description around school . . . .
Dick Beach who was lost to socicty for so long . . . . .loiiii Dooley from
the same place who dropped around for a sccond after visiting his very
cute little brother . . . . Len ll‘ricdlandcr '38cr . . . . Expected soon is Lt.
Peter Marchctta who graduated Wednesday . . . .

Greetings from Lt. Douglas Diilenbeck who says that Kiley‘s column
takes the prizes and wants to know if he writes it himself . . . .

That walking gold lninc. (iiii'dcpiic, donated two dollars to Myskania
for the mailing lists . . . . Hc must get more money than most staff
sergeants we know . . . . or else he has a sugar mommy . . . .

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWSiWeekly Bulletin

Established May 1916
By the Class ol19l8

SENIORS
. .\in SI-niorx wlio lI-'|\'|' uoi
.\oi roIIiI'nI-Ii lln-lr l'olllors lllll

 

N0. 16 ol'l'lw- lilillli'ilI:lll'l_\.
.\"I‘l Ill'lN'i' 'l‘lil'l\\‘l'l(l‘lllh'
. M"_”"“"‘. , .\‘liniI-nl organizallon :InIl
.\ssoi'lnli-II Iillll‘ﬂlillt‘ lI‘st FL.“ HWINHWH wh“ “uh
'l‘lu- - Illi'l'L'l'lilIIIIlli' iII-w~p:Ip<'I‘ ol' llh‘ NI'W \“l‘h roll .no l'lllillll'll'il Iln .\‘llilll'lll
HlIIII- l'ollI-gi‘ l'ol' 'l'I-.li'llI-I'~,
Friday of lln- t'olli-uo ,iI-.ir I!) Ilit' .\‘l-l\\'.\‘ lloanl 1mm; i,..,,1n “I, ,., mm. "ml
for Iiu- SlIiIiI-ni .\~\Il1'lillllll|. I'lIoIn-s: lil'l'in'o. |..“\.. In...” in no”... mg, in.
lliixII-r. '_’.'I.“Il.'l; .\‘II-ngI-l. \‘Jetll. l'il'lu'l'l. Ioro .\ionIl.l_\ noon 'l'hoy will
II- :ililIlll'lI. .‘llllI Iln- Irou~lir
I-r~ moi Illl'l\ IIli'III ll|l in

Fcbrlniry 11. 1944
IIINII'IIIIIIIDI.
l‘IillI'uHiI- IIILLI'\I

Vol XXVII

  
 

 

IIuviieueuiuu FUN NATIONAL AUVLIHIHINU uv llooni Illlfi. \\'l~illn-su:i_\.
- -‘- 1 ' \l'l“ \I.\\ I‘LI Ii
National Advertising berwceJiic. M. \\-.............,. ..'............,
CollegePub/fibulaRr/Irru'nhuim' . lo. u! i l' .\l. in 'Iio l.oIIligI-.
420 MADISON AVE. NEW yoRK. NIY. .\'I~II-i' \i:lry PM 'l' of [In-

\l.ll')l\llirll orIlI-i' \\llI speak
on ln-r I-pr-I‘iI-nmw coining
_ II\1'I' on lln- llripsllolnl.
\IUDI'ZIIN I..\N(li'.\ill'l
S'l‘lllil'i ‘
.\‘oniors lIIIII gradinilv ~III
Lot-UHUN'NHHH IllI|I\ who wI~II Io |I'.|i‘l|
IllIbINLbb MAN/mill l‘iI-in-li, Iirrnmn, or .\‘p.ilIl~|I
.|I|lI iniio |l||~‘.~I‘|I ilo- Ilt'l'i-\
|.\ I'IIIIl'wi-x. .ll'I' rI-qnmluii
_ ... |.lIlI' Ilil' \\I'll|I‘li --x.iinln.I
AhbliilAll lliiiuil In... Iiil' .||I|I]'il\.ll liI IIl'.ll

CHICAGO ' “05'0" ' L05 ANOELCE ' 5A" IVHANCIECO

The News Board

JANET K BAXTER
MARY B. STENGEL
JANE PICKERT
LILLIAN GROSS
BERIHAM KILLY
SUNNA COOPER
JANE HEATH
DOROTHY MEYERS

 

LUI IOII lN-t'lillri

(llit Ill/\IIUN MAN/\(alJi
bl‘tllil‘a illi it)”

AhbtltlAll Linton \\"|l\ “Illi'll \\‘|ll ln' ;.'I\I‘ll
.  ‘ _ _
AthllAll, lliliun |\|"‘ll'|'|-‘ liylll"lll‘l":,“'l'~‘ I" 'l' I I
.\II‘I'

l‘io‘ri- “iii In- .ill l‘kllllilllull
,ol Ilo- \IIIIII'IIIs nor]. In \'.I
All coininnniI'IIlions slioillll lu‘ II|I1Il'i':~.\I*II Io Ibo" I‘ll-us .\I'l fool'st ll'HllI i-‘I-I.
I-Ililor and ilillni lu- sigIn-II. Xullii'n will ln' \vllh I'll-In e H. on UN second
llt‘IlI upon request. 'l‘ho H’I‘.\'i'l') (‘iil.l.l'llil-l Iloor In lIrIipi-r. H
NEWS :IssiIiIn-s no rimponsilllliiy for opinions ‘Mit'lAl.‘f‘.\l.l-.l§D.\|tl
I‘MII‘I'sm-Il ln lls columns or I'onilnuull'nllolis us I‘PII _l'—' Milly I‘llll‘ lilg
Nilt'll I'xpl'cxslons do nol III-I-I-ssnrily ri-i'IoI-i lls 1|) lu'gllis Illl h l'. .\l. \\'llll
\‘Il'H’. .\l‘ll'lll Innsli'nl I-onloIiy pro»
.wnlnllon in huge llail.

.. JP]... 2

 

 

iillli‘IIII Io do so. plI-nsi- soi-
.\I|\.~ lioris l\‘o|l.\ ll llio .\'l"ll

|Illlill~ll|‘ll I‘\I'I'.\ :InIliloI' llIi~ lIlIIli'll. pli-zisv

More Ado
About Something

There is a new epidemic at State
College. For want of a better name
we will call it mopia. It is a pecu-
liar disease in that it affects each
person in a different way. But
the germs that infect us are of the
same origin. They breed in dis-
saiisfaction, frustration, and rest-
lessness. The epidemic has reach-
ed great proportions recently in
this college because the breeding
places have become greater. They
began to multiply about a year
ago and promise to reach greater
proportions within the next few
months.

What was it that happcncd a
year ago? Mainly this. State (‘ol-
lcgc l‘icgan its transition from a
p‘acc-timc college in peace to a
pczu‘c—limc collch lll war. Settled
in its island, State couldn't hpr
but fch the impulses ihnl ('lllllt‘
frolii a world ill war. And so the
gcrins bcgan lo sprczul. liiffcrcnl
symptoms cxprcsscll lhcmsclycs.
H'llulcnis begun culling classes cx-
.‘cssivcly. ihcy lu'glin dropping out
if collcgc. a general "who cares”
Illiilulc permeated the school.

’l‘lu- administration is worried,

3 not

Glamour vs Duty . .. . .1

Duty is no catch word. It lacks color; it sounds dull. Neither is
there exoticism in the fox-holes of Italy nor is there glamour in death.
What few of our men overseas thought of war as a silver trumpet-note
have long since sacrificed their visions. They have learned that duty
is a grim glory. They have not shirked the duty, and the glory d‘es—
cended unsought.

Every one of us, when we entered State College, signed a pledge to
teach in the secondary schools of New York State upon graduation.
it was an easy agreement and one we have thought of but little. For
many of us the time for fulfilling that pledge has come, but how many
of us are prepared to do so?

it is true that several students are planning on fifth year programs,
at State or elsewhere. This editorial is not directed towards them.
it is directed towards those who are not planning immediate higher
education, who possess the ability to be good average teachers and
who are consigning that ability to a remote corner of their personalities.

Why? There are various reasons. The teaching profession is not a
short-cut to financial ease. The big salary hire is attractive bait.
Then too, small town restrictions are a strain on minds attuned to the
freedom of college life.

More numerous than the adherents of these theories is a group of
flaming patriots. who liclicvc flint their duty to their country lies in
the armed St‘l‘vltft‘s or thc dcfcnsc plants. i)uty»~—often sugar-coated
with a vcnccr of glamour. llcsidc this hull of patriotic fcrvcr is the
(‘Iliilt‘l' duty of teaching, ll duly embodied in an unimportant pledge.

And yet, among this group zn'c vehement champions of education,
who argue lliai education must carry the banner for :1 lasting peace.
in words they givc glamour to a profession which in practice they
l'clcgaic to others.

Thc stoic government has continued to spend money, on us and
many like us. because it believes not only in the theory of education

ilu' students. when lhcy stop to
think of what is lulmiciiiiig. arc
worricd. ’l‘lic collcgc lifc as
known in the last decade is slip—
pingr away.

nioldcrs of democracy.

that insignificant scrap of paper.
that it Incani something [lien and
class do you belong?

How we wroneg mum-d our
discasc perhaps? Could it he a
mild (“use of war hysteria?

 

who!

 

 

by RIIONA R YAN

I find myself. among all the MacArthur—for—Prcsidcnt adherents.
thinking more and more of seine of our generals in the past, and most
of all that fascinating and contradictory character, William Tecumseh
Sherman.

The boom for MacArthur has me fascinatedly reading my daily news-
papers. And as far as I can see, frankly admitting my vision is decidedly
astigmatic. MacArthur was one great appeal as a president. The man has
an uncanny and unmistakable resemblance to a hard-boiled American
caglc. Also. he has an absolute and enviable talent for lifting his chili
and gazing drcamily towards far-off horizons whenever a newspaper
photographer comes in sight. It has been one of the delights of my
idle days to look for photographs of MacArthur and try to find one
where the photographer caught him off guard. Apparently. it's never
been done.

This not-to-be-made-llttle-of talent has made Douglas the pin-up
boy of our generals.

When we were realizing in the shocked days after Pearl Harbor that
Japan was bombing us with our own scrap metal and fueling her ships
with our oil, we needed to get some national self-respect quickly. We
needed to find seine one who could combine the best features of Galahad.
Superman, and the Four Horsemen of Notrc Dame.

And whose picture adorned the bars and shops and defense plants of
the nation? Not Marshall. who though Chief of Staff, has a weak chin
aiid a retiring demeanor. Not the busy Halsey. who was trying to find
the Jap fleet with one carrier and an icy fury to sustain hlln. Not the
corn—fed Eisenhower. whose steady brilliance was to shine at a later time,
Alid not even Admiral King. who is photogeiilc. but unfortunately too busy
for press conferences. No, the man who had the fll‘mest ciilii and the
most high-flown pl'osc in his cominunlqucs was Douglas MacArthur.
Horrny l

I kccp rcmcmbcring Sherman. Sherman. who hated war alid loved
the South, but. still brought to thc Soilth the world's first taste of total
war. Sherman. ihc witty after-dimicr speaker. who could say sadly.
“War is a cruel thing." and march through Georgia, to end it quickly.
Alid most of all. thc Sherman who lectured his good friend. Grant, for
messing around with ihc politicians. and who hated Washington. because
he said it was a good place for a military man to stay away from. In
fact. he felt that so strongly. and this may be a surprise to you. that he
refused the Democratic nomination for tile Presidency in one of the
most conccricli movcs cvcr made to get a man on a ticket.

llul win-n lhc nominaling committees telegraphed him to scc if he
would accept, he turned to his son. In words of one syllable iic said,
n.. that he would iiol accch the nomination; b. that lic would not accept
the presidency, if clcclcd. And instructed ills son to send off a telegram
of scnlilnI-nls npprlnn'intc to his feelings. In that moment. ills son
said latcr. he realized tiiut his father was a great man.

Yes. I keep l‘iflllUll'lel'lllg Sherman, who kept no discrete silence on the
mailer of Inuybe running for the Presidency, bllt said loudly and often
that a military lllllll could lich-r hope to understand the complexities
of the political world, if he wore to bc a truly military man.

MacArthur is a very fine general. I remember Vincent Sheean say-
ing that Chamberlain was also a very fine Mayor of Birmingham. It's
only when lncii get out of their element that they founder. Just looking
like an eagle won’t do the trick. That's what Sherman knew, and the
man had the darndest habit of always being right.

but in the practice and propagation of its principles. it has given us
lI four (or five) year l)ilCl(gl’0llll(l—r-I1 background that provides us with
the ability to comunicnic that self-same liackground to the future

Yes. we signed a pledge. Some of us havc conveniently forgotten
Some of us are beginning to realize

means even more now. in which

Communications

To the Editor:

What's happened to the Used
Book Exchange? There used to be
someone at a table in the lower hall
of Draper at the beginning of each
semester to rent, sell. or take in
books.

The second semester began Mon—
day. as well everyone knows. but
students withheld their names from
the order sheets in vain, for the
lower hall of Draper was bare of
table and books on Tuesday.

Certainly there is no plausible ex-
cuse for not re-opening the Used
Book Exchange this semester. Ob-
viously. there is no shortage of help
around the college. If a. definite
reluctance to assist in running the
exchange was displayed by upper-
classmen. there is nothing to prevent
an appeal to freshmen to sit at the
table.

Advice to dispense with unnec-
essary purchases must go unheeded
as far as books are concerned when
a new book, in many cases, must be
bought where a second—hand or
rented one would do just as well. A
Used Book Exchange opened in the
middle of the semester, unfortunate-
ly, will not serve the students' pur-
pose very well.

So, if a suggestion to the commit-
tee in charge is not out of order.
it would be appreciated by many if
they got down to business.

An Economic Sophomore.

Dear Editor:

"An ounce of prevention is worth
a pound of cure!”

Dollars are precious now—of that
we're all agreed—but somewhere the
line mus! be drawn! Girls' dorma-
torics attract ne'er-do-wells as quick-
ly and completely as flowers attract
bees. The reason is obvious. Prowl—
ers have not been unknown in the
past and are certainly not unknown
as of this year.

From the South and from schools
all over the country have come re-
ports of incidents too perilous to
ignore. What can happen lll other
dorms can happen in State's . . . .
unless adequate protection is pro-
vided. All the dorms need guard-
ing. but perhaps the cottages need
it more than the main dorms.

A good, capable night—watchman,
and a few bright lights situated in
Well-chosen spots such as in the alley
between Western Hall and the pri-
vate home on Western Avenue may
prevent an incident that would leave
a permanent scar on State's reputa-
tioni

"Thoughtful"

 

 

  

 

 

