   
  

 
 
   
   

' STATE COLLEGE NEWS
‘ Established May 1916
3y the Clan of 1918

     
 

vol. xXitx September 15, 1944 No. 1
- rifemher Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Dlgest

‘ ' r radunte newspaper of the New York State
fligllegliznilgrg'l‘eachers: published every Friday of the Col-
lege year by .the NEWS Board for the Student Asso’efa;
tlou. Phones: Office, 5-0373; Meyers, 2-1337: Drury, ..-..7o-.

IIPRIIINTID POI NATIONAL ADVIRTIBING IV
National Advertising Servrce, Inc.
College Publisher: Reprerenlalive

420 MADISON A'II. NEW YORK. N. Y.
cmcuo 0 Boston - Lo: Anduls ‘ SAII romance

The News Board
DOROTHY M. MEYERS - -
SUNNA E. COOPER
EDNA M. MARSH }
LOIS DRURY - -
DOROTHEA SMITH -
JOAN HVLIND - .

 

EDITORJN-CHIEF
(JO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR

 

JOAN BERBRICH - ~ ASSOCIATE EDITOR

MARION BUETOW - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

ELIZABETH O'NEIL - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
«my»!

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responslhlllty
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
as such expressions do not. necessarily reflect its view.

Muwgumps Wanted

This issue of the NEWS is primarily devoted to
the freshmen. That is as it should be for the News
reflects College life and this week is Freshman
Week. The upperclassmen and faculty are turning
their efforts towards making you, the freshmen, feel
a part of State. You will meet people, learn the
traditions, hear a new kind of slang and listen to
advice, asked and unasked. You will be confronted
with new ideas and ways of doing things. To a
freshmen these new things are an influence, for
the upperclassmen aura is strongr enough for the
first half year of school to throw a glamor around
themselves. Therefore, freshmen, beware of making
decisions about your college life which is a copy,
intentional or not, of your favorite upperclassman.
Watch and wait, the halo will dim in a few weeks
of the harsh light of a regular college routine.

There are two opposing camps here at State; one,
the more attractive, is the one which makes the
most noise, the "hail—fellow, well met“ group.
They’re the ones you will know first for the; are
usually the "leaders" of the school. The other
will be found most usually in the library, their
names are on the Dean‘s List. Some people call
them “stooges.”

It is very rarely that a student cannot be named
in one or the other of these groups. Some times
a well balanced individual will find the answer and
learn where to stop. He is indeed rare. The majority
of students enter into one or the other of the groups
and stay there until the end of their Senior ycar,
unaware that they are missing part of college. For
when a person becomes a member of these groups.
his interests immediately become limited. He is
almost bound to a code which colors his decisions
and outlook for four years of his life. 'l‘hercforc,
to enter one or the other should not be considered
until some careful thinking has been done. Un-
fortunately this is ordinarily not the case. The
first semester of one‘s freshman year is impression-
istic and impressions do not make careful decisions.

We maintain that one does not have to enter one
of these groups. For once you may “sit on the
fence" quitt- comfortably. lint from past experience
it; seems that only a strong-mimch pcrson can do
so. Perhaps this is because such a college cxistcucc
seems singularly uninteresting.

So it’s up to you frosh. We have warned you.
College can prove to be one of the most interesting
experiences of your life. it can give you a well-
roundcd personality or it can leave you with opinions
and prejudices which will color your whole life.
We hope you will think before you act.

Better Late, But. .

As school gets off to another start, we find one
organization still in the midst of terminating some
of its last year's business. As yet, most of the school
has not received the 1944 l’rdugogmr. Since there
is no valid excuse for its delay, since it loses ‘a bit
of its timeliness when it arrives three months late,
we offer a small suggestion: An early start ensures
, asafe finish.

 

STATE COLLEGE News, FRIDAY, sacrament 15, 1944

APOTHEGMS
AND
SHORT RATIONS

 

Phyllis went through my freshman
year at college with me, and I don’t
think I'll ever forget her. She came
from a small town, and everything
was new and wonderful to her. I
was enthusiastic about everything,
too, but it was being with Phyllis
that made all our new experiences
seem more enjoyable and wondrous.

y’I‘here was an Alice-In-Wonderland

look about her and every new adven-
ture was as important to us as dis-
covering Mexico must have been to
Cortez.

She tried out for Dramatics and I
fooled around with Debate. Con-
scientious was the word: every big
event that took place also took Phyl
down to the Dramatics office and
she spent the best days of her life
writing out invitations to faculty
members and other bigwigs.

One thing that Phyllis wanted
more than anyone else in our gang
was to teach. We wanted to teach,
but We didn't have any of that fer-
vor instilled in us that she did.
Besides, we had three years to think
it over, so why cross a bridge before
we come to it. But. not Phyllis—she
was hanging around the P.T.’s to
hear what they had to say. A crazy
kid, she was, but we loved her.

I hate to use the word sweet. It:
makes me think of a super-activated
goody-goody. which is what Phyllis
definitely was not. But her temper-
ment was so evenly paced that; it re-
minded me of a cool unrufflcd Jabot.
She was always so sweet to everybody
and yet you knew you could dunk
her under the shower with her
clothes on and she'd take it like a
sport. That's why we felt so bad
when luck just didn‘t happen to fall
her way.

It all started in second semester
when her Dad got sick and lost his
job. Her folks wanted to take her
out of school, but she wrote and told
them she was pretty sure she could
get outside jobs up at school and
still manage to keep her marks up.
Finally they agreed.

By SUNNA coorcn ——

 

She got a Job at the dorm as wait-
ress, and every evening until 12 she
worked downtown in a restaurant.
It was a pretty‘grueling schedule for
anyone. and we wondered how long
she’d be able to keep it up. At least
until June, we hoped.

She did her homework after she
got home from work, and many times
we’d go in her room and ﬁnd her
asleep at the desk.

I don’t think it would-have hap-
pened if she hadn’t lost so much
weight or if her parents had given
her Just a little encouragement. De—
pressing letters from home are
enough to shatter anyone’s morale
and hers was on the borderline.

The night before the ﬁnal in “19th
Century Poetry” she came tearing
into my room to see my notes on
Rosetti. She was terribly nervous
because she'd been absent for that
section.

The next morning she conﬁded to
me that she was going to take a
slip of paper into the test with
short summaries of Rosetti’s poetry.
I begged her not; to, but she said that;
was the only "one she was unsure of
and it would be just her luck to get-
it on the exam. She’d never cheated
before in her life, but she just had
to pass the course or her folks would
have a reason for not allowing her
to go back.

I myself was uneasy all through
the exam. but I nearly cried when
the prof came over and started ques-
tioning her. The next thing I knew
the prof went to the front of the
room and majestically tore up her
exam before the whole class. He said
her poetry mark would go down as E.
That wouldn’t suffice—he had to
shame her in front of the class. by
making her admit out loud she had
come with the intentions of cheating.

All I could notice was how tired
she looked. She was Phyllis, but. her
enthusiasm was gone. She didn’t
come back the next fall.

The funniest thing of all was that
we didn't have anything about Ro-
setti on the test.

 

Social Calendar Sept.-Jan

Sept. 15—«First Student Assembly.
Church Reception for the
Freshmen—~SCA.
16~SCA—Frosh Frolic.
22-—Junior Reception.
23—Sephomorc Reception.
24——Newman Club Tea for
Freshmen.
26—SCA Installation.
Bit—Commerce Club Reception.
30-Hillel Reception to Fresh-
men.

Oct. 5-6—Sororlty Open Houses.
0——Commutors Club Recep-
tion to Freshmen.

7—Activities Day.

ll—Frosh Chapel.

lZ—«Concert. Music Council.

13—-—Indepcndcnt Party Re-
ception to Freshmen.

14—-Campus Day.

Iii—Newman Club Picnic.

19 8; 20—«Art Exhibit. Miss
Huichlns.

20~~Drumatics and Art. Ruth
Draper.

Nov. 5~Ncwmun Club Communion

Breakfast.

10-Commerce Club Roller-
Sknting Party.

llmArmistice Day lholidayi.

iii—Faculty Big 8.

20--~SCA Thanksgiving Ser-
vice—Noon.

21—Thanksgiving Recess be-
gins, 5:25 PM.

27-—-Instruction resumed.

Dec. 1-2—Sorority Formal Weekend.
10—SCA. Christmas Chapel.
Iii—Religious Clubs Big 8.
13—Christmas Vacation begins.

5:25 PM.

1945

Jun. 3—Instruciion resumed.

12~Senlor Banquet.

10-Elomentnry
Plays.

ltleusic Council.
Concert.

22~Mld-ycur
begin.

Drinnntics
Choral

Examinations

 

Communications—-

To the Editor:

This year I understand that 300
girls are registered in the freshman
class. which means that in a few
Weeks there will be exhibited around
the school. Bull], and dorms an al-
Inost indefatigable rushing on the
part of sororities.

After all, 300 women to get to know
ain’t hay. Which leads to my pro-
blem, Mr. Anthony. [)0 you think
it is exactly a square deal to the
t‘roslunon to leave the quotas for
sorority pledging at 15?

7 times 15 is only 105. 7 times 15
means that only one-third of the
freshmen women will be allowed to
Join sororities.

Don't you think it's about time that
We got‘a little more broad-minded on
this matter, AND MORE DEMO-
CRATIC, and raised the quota? Even
permitting 20 to join each sorority

because ’7 times 20 is only Ht). See
what I mean?

If we should put ourselves in the
boots of a new freshman, we might.
understand. It’s not the plousuntost
thought to think you might not be
one of the. "select few." On the other
hand. keeping down the quota might
make the independents more inde-
pendent. Which isn't such a bad
idea either.

I dunno. It‘s all Greek to me.

Square-Dealer III-Sorority.
To the Editor:

I Just came to State this your, one
of the usual green freshmen which
sort of givos me rights to Rivalry
fun, I should think.

I read about Rivalry in my hand-
book. and all the girls have been
telling me of certain incidents which
occiu'red last year. I was getting

is in comparison a small proportion hopped up about the whole affair.

    

aw

t”

or

"‘-"'—-—by KIPPY MARSH

The columnist sits and gazes at his typewriter . . .
He is stricken with a strange malady, a combination of
palsy. and paralysis. In the state of limbo or nether
nether world in which he exists certain facts intrude
themselves unpleasant. . . The ﬁrst being that; since no-
body has done nothing it can’t be written about . . .
The second being that after a prolonged absence the
whereabouts of Jargon In G. L’s. G. L’s are as much
of a mystery to us as the whereabouts of his Super-
men are to Adolph . . .

Speaking of whereabouts, Myskania Service Letters
came back‘from the addresses of the following soldiers.
Anyone knowing correction of same, please drop in
News mailbox . . . Allen Simmons, Brooks Roberts,
Harry Wheeler, Nicholas Murphy; Harold Flusser,
Clifford Swanson, Marian Sovik Klemehuek . . .

E’l‘ ALTERA

Around school Lt. Feigenbaum, minus wife, who says
he is or will be headed n the direction of Florida . . .
And Lt. Frank Mullin, class of '45 . . . Also James

  

 

 

Dunning '45 . . . APO number has been attached to.

Harold Goldstein recently of Texas and furlough . . .
Rumor hath ii; that: Moose Gerber is in a naval hos-
pital . . . Rumor hath also been so far unconfirmed . . .
Lieutenants Hank Ruback and Grant Hermans are
sunning themselves in Hawaiian clime . . . Due at
State are Gil Snyder and Dave Slavin . . . chmes in
the Service . . . Trece Anny most recently of the
WAC's . . . A surprise to everyone but the lovely lady
herself and Ruth Hines, as in old times, around to
see that everything is off to a flying start . . . Informa-
tion gleaned from around the P0. . . . Harry Baden
in France and Joe Roulier in Italy . . . Pat Latimer,
famine fataie, is moving to Delaware . . . Doctor Rice
in the fabulous city of Washington assisting with a
new training program . . . Vince Pickett in Florida
with and antisubmarine group . . . Stan Gipp com-
missioned . . . In the Rumor Hath It column also . . .
Marshall Ackcrmau engaged to two Buicks . . . Jim
Ryan, class of ’46 is going to Northwestern . . . mid—
shipman . . . Sam Dickinson, ’45 in Canada studying
Radar . . . Lois Dann, June graduate. in the WACs,
recently of Fort Oglethorpe . . . Gene McLaren, ‘45 in
colorful atmosphere of New Mexico . . . Bob Bartman,
lieutenant overseas . . . “Red” Evans .in Italy . . . Last
reports from Johnny Ricardo, '44 in a rest camp in
India recovering from malaria . . . Arthur Soderlind.
one time Pfc. is now a T-5 (your guess is as good as
mine) in Italy . . . More soljer news as soon as we
hear from the soljers.
MUCH ADO

Libby is a freshman . . . A very cute freshman . . .
And full of the old 'ah rah spirit . . . Libby went to
all the basketball games in high school and ate more
hot dogs It the football games than any one else in
her class . . . And Libby was heard about college . . .
the dances. the bull sessions with the profs, cheering
crowds at college games. glamorous girls and hand—
some dcbonair fraternity men driving to the door of
a very collegiate sorority house in a roadster to waft
her to an interesting function which promises to be a
combination of a brawl and a gay time . . . But Libby
is coming to State . . . She knows that dances are out.
that the football games are out. that the dobonah'
men are out . . . But she expects that the old spirit.
will be there . . . the spirit that makes nostalgic Incin-
orios come graduation day . . . But what‘s going to
happen to Libby the first time she hears, “Boy would
I have liked to go to a real college." Or “I can't wait
to get out of this factory" or “Sorority initiations are
out. Scrubbing floors with toothbrushes ain‘t digni-
fied” . . . Libby knows that; she is in college to do a.
job and a very real one . . . But she also knows that.
it's the people that make for a real college spirit . . .

The Weekly Bulletin—

Sept. 1.". I"il‘.~'l Nllillt'lll as Row. to \\‘.\.\ I‘rmh iti-
winbly. I’I'cshlonl .\‘u,\‘io< I-I-plion from '_".‘iti Io S'UU
I‘) Wt'lt'llllll‘ lI'nslI. IIIlI'odlII' l’. .\l. on IiiI' lIorIn I‘lll‘lll
tion of .\l_Isltanin and Sin- ln-HI'm-n Huyin and i‘iI-rw-
don! t‘oIiIII-Il Inn-Inbcrs. llnlls. .\l‘li\‘llll'.\' and n-

Supt. I?» .\'.~\vInaII ('lnh {.llrtf‘ll'nwlm' Il'wr'l'm" m
lle‘I'i’llon for i'roslIuIt-II 'Il - '

. , , ‘ ' \n-il. ill \‘t‘.\ l"l' sh l"'
.\l‘\\|l|l|ii llnl|.h:tlo ’ . ‘ l ’ u' I”

I. “' llr- lll llll‘ lng‘li- lluoin ul'

.N‘I-pI. 1?. St‘.\ church rc I'll-rm- Hall at H l'. .\l

I-i-pllons lo Ivnicomo class of Sept. IS Hororlir t||II'|i
‘l\ Madison llnptlsl. t‘al- rush lil‘l'itlll boglns. '

vary ill-linudlsl and 'I‘rlnily Supt. 'J'Jr .iunlor row-pliun
.\|t-IlIodl.~i l'hIIrrln-s from for l‘rosh.

x i'. .\I. In ll 1'. .\I. .\II Sopi. 3:1 Sophomorl class
ll‘l's‘llllll‘ll iIIvllmI. rI-gardloss \\'|ilt‘u|||1-,\' ohms .lI' 'IH at r.-
ol' IIoIIoIniIInIlnII. ('I‘IIIiIIIl In l’ngc llnll.

After all. you have to have SOME’l‘l-IING to think
about with all the fellows gone.

rl‘hou last night they told us we couldn't have any
lllvalry at the dorm. It was absolutely prohibited. .

This doesn‘t seem exactly fair. I don't think the
girls would go to such an extreme as to murder
someone or set fire to the place. There is such a
thing as good clean fun.

After all, we mean to study and get our work done.
but why should we sit tight in our rooms all the time.
College. they tell me, is for fun and friends as well as
an education. It's getting together, I should imagine,
for some harmless Rivalry fun that you really got to
know the girl down at the other end of the hull.

We can't wait till legalized Rivalry to find out who
the leaders of the class are. It seems to me that now
is the time, and we should be given our chance.

Impatient

STAIE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1944

 

Group To Inspect
Farrell MansiOn

Extent OI Practicability
Soon To Be Determined

This morning- in Assembly Flor-
ence Garfall, ’45, President of Stu-
dent Association, will officially
announce the appointment of the
investigating committee of the
proposed Student Union and will
offer it; for approval to the student
body.

The tentative members of the
committee are Dr. John M. Saylcs.
representing the administration, Dr.
Ralph Beaver. representing the
faculty, Florence Garfall, '45, repre-
senting Student Council. Robert
Loucks, ’45, Kathryn Kendall. '46.
and Marjorie O’Grady, '47. A mem-
ber of the Class of '48 will be chosen
at a later date.

It is hoped that. the investigation
of Farrell will be completed by the
end of October. All members of the
Student Association are invited to
visit Farrell and to form their own
individual opinions. An architect
also will be asked to inspect the
house and to give his professional
decision.

Motion Passed In June

In the last assembly in June, a
bill providing for the establishment
of a Student Union Fund was
passed by Student Association. This
bill called for the appointment of a
committee this fall to investigate
Farrell House and to rate its usabil—
ity for such a project. If it is ap-
proved, Farrell House may be used
next year as a Student, Union. If
not, the money already appropriated
will be set aside as the foundation
for a fund that will accumulate dur—
ing the next ten years. and which,
at; the end of the ten years, vill
be used for the erection of a new
building for a Student Union.

To House Organizations '

As decided last year, a Student
Union at State would consist of a
place to house the offices of all
organizations. a lounge for student
use. a dance floor, refreshment bar,
and other recreation rooms. At
present. organization offices are in
the Commons.

To begin the fund. the $1300 in
the surplus of the Student Associa-
tion was used. Upon gi‘adimtion.
each senior will be rcqucstcd to
pledge $100 to bc, coutributcd to
the Student Union fund during his
first ten years as an alumnae, As
a class graduates. its surplus may
be given to the fund if the class
so desires. Six dollars from each
Student Tax ticket sold will be set
aside for Student Union. The money
received from the “Big Eight”
Presentations this year and follow-
ing yours will be invested in bonds
which upon maturity will be added
to the fund. If necessary, a loan
can be floatch at the end of the
ten years which can be repaid by
the students who will use the build-
ing upon completion. Dr. Ralph
Beaver, Assistant Professor of
Mathematics is in charge of the
fund.

Ht'c Nurl {‘olunm lm' Complctr'

NI'NUIHIIUH

SCA Newman

I'OoII/inuml from [mg/c l, ('ulunlil .‘ll
probably be played. and if time
allows. a song fcsl will be conducted.
The song i‘cst will be for the purpose
of introducing lo the freshmen
State's i'nvorllc songs «thc "untouch-
ublo“ puron Sintc songs. the "Guy
Desperado" and of coursc. ""l‘hc Can-
nibul King."

The Frolic will end in limo for the
freshmcn in other group houses '0
arrive at. their rooms by midnight.

Used Book Exchange Open

The Used Book lilxcliuugc opened
for business yesterday morning. and
will remain open from t) A.M. to
3 i"’.M. all next week.

Marion Munaor. ’45. head of the
Used Book Exchange, requests that.
studotus bring any books they
Would like to rent or sell to the
Book Exchange in the lower hull
of Draper. “We hope," said Miss
Munzcr, “that the Book Exchange
will be as successful as it was last
year and that all students will stop
by during the week to see if the
Exchange has any of the books they
need."

Resolved—-

That $1300 be taken from the Surplus and be put In a fund for a
Student Union and that the student 'l‘nx ticket be raised to $20.00. $0.00
of which shall be put into this fund to be used for a Student Union at
the students’ discretion In conjunction with the administration.

That Farrell Ilouse be utilized as a Student Union in 1945 if an
investigating committee deems It practical. And that whether or not
Farrell House is used, a fund shall be established for a Student Union
and if Farrell [louse is not used, the $6.00 from the Student Tax and
the $1300 Surplus shall be put into that Fund.

That the Senior Classes, as they go out from State, be asked to donate
the Slll'pluscs of their treasuries. or any amount they care to, to the
Student Union Fund, and that each Senior, as he or she leaves State,
be asked to pledge $100 to the Student Union Fund within a period of ten
years, and that every few years as Surpluscs accumulate in the Student
Association Funds, they be put into this same Fund with consent of the

Student Body.

 

Council Releases
Rushing Rules

Open rush period for sororities
begins next Monday and will con-
tinue until October 7th at the end
of open house. Freshmen must rea-
lize the importance of adhering to
these rush rules as infringements
may cause embarassment and
serious trouble for both the sorori-
ties and lawbreaking culprits. The
following rules have been made by
the Intersorority Council which is
composed of representatives of each
of the seven sororities of the college
and which this year is headed by
Elizabeth Carmany, '45.

Rules for Open Rush Period:

ta) Open rush period will extend
from the first Monday of classes un—
til Saturday of the first week of
October which is the close of the
open house.

.bI Freshmen women shall not
enter sorority houses, or the private
homes of sorority members.

(C) There shall be no engage-
ments between sorority women and
freshmen women except on Sundays
and class days from 8 a. m. to 7
p. m. and Fridays and Saturdays
from 8 a. In. to 12 p. m.

1. All engagements must be made
at college during school hours and
must not be made before the day of
the engagement except Saturday
and Sunday. when dates may be
made at the group houses.

2. No money is to be spent on
i'rcslnnan women by sorority women.

Id: Dancing: during the noon
hour must not be arranged before
the day of the dance. There shall
be no cutting. and the noon hour
shall be considered as one (lance.

to) Dancing in the dormitory and
other group houses between fresh-
men and sorority women shall be
allowed during Open Rush Period.
but not during Non-Rush Period.

(I) There shall be no telephoning
between sorority members and
rushoos at any time.

lg) Sorority pledges and alumnae
are subject to those rules.

These rules have been made for
the benefit 01' both sorority women
and for the freshmen. have been
adopted by the sororities, and ap-
proved by the Student Activities
Committee. Personal rushing is
prohibited.

During- the early part of this
soillcsif‘i', Miss Ellen Stokes, Dean
of Women. will speak to the fresh-
men women about sororities. This
will be a part of the regular Fresh-
man Orientation Program. At this
time sorority rules. the purpose of
sororities, and the expense 01‘ Join-
ing them will be explained by Dean
Stokes.

All violations of these rules for
Open Rush Period will be reported
to the Pi'csiflcnt of Intersm'ority
Council who will bring it up before
the Council for a verdict.

 

Emil J. Nagengast
Your College Florist
Cor. Ontario of Benson Sl.

 

 

IIIIIE ALLEYS

Wc'stcrn  Quail
150 a game for school leagues
from 0 AM. to 6 PM.

Baker Reports Changes
Made During Summer

Mr. Ernest Baker, Chief Engineer
of the College, has reported several
improvements in the appearance of
the college during the summer.

The side walks in front of the
Washington Avenue entrance were
repaved in June. New tile floors
were laid in several of the lavatories
and concrete floors were put. in the
girls’ locker rooms in place of the
former wooden ones.

Last year, the Rotunda floors were
done over and there were several
other improvements made in the
Annex area, cafeteria, and Com-
mons. The News office was also
improved.

Pedagogue Out Monday

The 1943—44 issue of the Peda-
gogue, edited by Mary Domann,
‘44. will be distributed on Monday
to those who ordered a copy. The
Pedagogue was scheduled to come
out in the spring.

 

Slate loses The Drama
AD Crossed Off The list

According to the Registrar,
Miss Elizabeth Vandenburg, Ad-
vanced Dramatics has definitely
been eliminated from the college
program for the year 1944-45.

During the past twenty-ﬁve
years, AD has acted as a safety-
valve for dramatically-minded
State students and has provided
invaluable experience in speak-
ing and acting that could not be
gained in any other way. It, has
also given to the student body on
alternate Tuesdays a taste of the
legitimate theater and has ac-
quainted many of them, audio-
visually, with plays of such
famed playwrites as Shakespeare,
Barrie, and Shaw.

But this year, AD has bowed
out. Shall we chalk it up to the
war?

 

 

 

More Placements Made
By Employment Bureau

Miss Mary Rita Albert, temporarily
replacing Miss Doris Kelly, former
head of Student Employment Bu-
reau, has announced the following
placements.

Frances Welch, Wappingers Falls,
English; Rita Hickey. Delmar, Eng-
lish, Social Studies; Hannelore
Schoen, Cobleskill, Social Studies;
Lillian Westphal, Kinderhook, Eng-
lish; Clarice Weeks, Philmont, Li-
brarian; Elizabeth Marston, Scotia,
English; Catherine Smith. German-
town. English, Social Studies, Li-
brary; Margaret Taub, Scotia, Social
Studies; Dorothy Townsend Verrey,
Malverne, Commerce; Margaret At-
kins. La Fargeville, Latin, English;
Mildred Kirshenblum, Cherry Valley,
English, French; Florence Cohen,
Johnstown, English. Latin; Muriel
Hughes, Trumansburg, Mathematics;
Florence Pinkham. Riverhead, Li~
brary: Rita Dalv, West Wurfield,
English, Latin; Jeanne Moore, Her-
mon. English; Helen Brucker. Cats-
kill, English; Herb Brock. Richmond-
ville. Commerce.

 

 

 

"700 Many Girls," No Men
Is First Impression Of Frosh

Maybe it's the little yellow rib-
bons. Or maybe it‘s the fresh hand-
books and the schedules clutched
in one hand. But no upperclassmnn
needs these signs to tell a freshman
coming down the hall. They have
that “frosh” look which might be
described as the look of a timid old
lady about to enter the Chamber
01' Horrors-«a combination of anti-
cipation and dread. And what do
the three hundred and the thirty
three. the green. pardon me, yellow
‘4801‘s think about it? Well we asked
them. "What." said we. "has im-
pressed you most about State so
far?" And here are their answers.
LEONARD KOBLENZ. Albany ——
“Too many women.”

GLADYS HAWK. Caledonia —
“There‘s so many people and it's
so big."

B. J. SCHOONMAKER. Ossining ——
“All the upperclassmen love it. They
want to come back. Mike Buetow
even came from California."

 

DIVRY'S
HANDY

ENGLISH
ANI)
ENGLISH-
SPANISH

DICTIONARY

I,\‘

‘ .I. IroI'IaI..\s.
I'II.II.
uIIII

.\. IIIHIID.
I'II.I).

.\|osl l‘ulnplolo. lioilublm Hi to tIIIiI‘
Lists All Spanish and English
IIIIMHIII) Words lain-st 'i'l-vhnlrnl.
Scientific and Military ’i‘t-I'nis

i‘Iionu-nls ol' Ilrnnnunr. irregular
Vorhs, I‘Iilos and Populations,
I'oiorod Maps Indistns‘nbli- to

Students. 'l'rnnslaiors. llnslIn-ss Mon,

i'lit‘. filill l’ilgus :iIuXIIl-J, It‘lvxllilt~
t‘lolli lllndlng' l'oslpnld 93.00:
with lndoxcs '.'.:'ill, lnuIIbcI‘ illicit

tin Hah- nl All la-ndlng‘ liookslorcs
Special Discounts to 'I‘Nwlu-rs

l). C. DIVRY, lnc., Publishers
240 W. 23rd SI.) NEW YORK

 

 

 

MAIIY hit-BRIDE, Troy —~ “The
campus. I love it."

FRANCES SOWA, Warwick -— "I
like it more than I thought I would.
The kids are grand."

DICK FULLER, Albany —- “Can't
say. I'm all mixed up."

JEAN WILCOX, COI‘lIillg — "The
lack of men.”

BUNNY SHOPIRO, Mt. Vernon —
‘Tlie swell spirit especially at Fresh
Camp. It was swell."

JOHN CHOWE. Cohoes —- "Just
jumbled. There's too many women."
ANNE RICEH, Schenectady—“Mike
Buctow."

The first llTllJl'OSSiOIlS of the new
freshman class will soon be crowded
out by many others—the Boul, the
Commons. the PO, rivalry and re-
ceptions. But the ﬁrst kaleidoscope
of emotions will remain with them——

, . 1.“, 
Student Guide:
Welcome Frosh
The Junior Guide Committee,
headed by Joan Mather and Robert
Sullivan, Juniors, met Menduy
morning to organize and make plans
for the orientation of the new

freshmen into State.
Guides were chosen from the

Sophomore and Junior classes last '

spring by Dr. Ellen Stokes, Dean of
Women, Joan Mather and Jean
Groden, Juniors, and divided into
33 teams with one captain and two
guides per team.
Write Freshmen

During the summer, each guide
and captain received a mimeo-
graphed list of the three freshmen
she was to introduce to State. The
guides wrote to their freshmen dur-
ing the summer, telling them about
the college. On Monday afternoon
the guides conducted a tour through
the buildings, then on Tuesday
morning held a group meeting with
the freshmen. During the week.
they met the freshmen for lunch,
and will accompany them to the
President’s reception.

 

Frosh Camp
(Continued from pagc 1, col. 5)

tService and Mass in the Little Grot-
0.

Eleanor Hayeslip, ‘45. was the
Director of Frosh Camp, and Helen
Stuart, also '45, noted as her assis-
tant. Jean Griffin, '46, was treasurer.
Forty-six upperclassmen were pres-
ent as councillors. The upperclass~
men acted on the refreshment
committees who served the week-
end’s meals on the dorm field.
Pauline Cleven, ‘46. acted as head
of the refreshment program. The
main courses were provided by Pierce
Hall and the salads and deserts by
Saylcs Hall.

For the two short days of the
week-end, the freshmen reigned
supreme in the dorms while the
upperclassmen slept on the floor.
The least-to-be—forgotten event- for
the upperclassmen was when Haye-
slip roamed through third floor at:
7:00 A. M. Saturday morning loudly
ringing the awakening bell. Fresh-
men responded obedlcntly. but up-
pcrclassmen, true to State tradition.
grumbled and turned over for an—
other ten minutes until Hoyeslip,
feeling that perhaps stronger mea-
slu'cs were needed, entered their
rooms ringing noisily all the while.

And thus it was that Frosh week-
end came to a close. The frosh
are sure that they are now old-
timers, as the Sophs, sweet givers of
advice during the week-end, plan
new and startling plans for this
year's rivalry!

 

the confusion and the bewilerment.
They are part and parcel of college
life. They are the beginning of a
new spirit—the spirit of ‘48.

 

 

Phone 3-1511

GUSTAVE LOREY
STUDIOS

677/»

 

91 State Street

 

 

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

198*200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Try Our Businessman‘s Lunch

DIAL 5~I913

GAFETEIIIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

.n. rﬂ‘mwTWA. .1 V‘s» to . I”

    
     
    
   
   
     
   
    

  

 
  
 

