 
    
  

 
  
   
   
 
   
   
    
     
  
     
 

 

    
    
   
   

 

 
  
 

  
  
   
     
  
  
   
  
     
   
   

 



l
.J

 

 
    
  
   
   

  
 

 

    
Proves Too Weak
As, Siena Wins

Pass In Final Quarter
Decides Game, 19-13

For three quarters a heavily out-
n’ ’0“ "yum Weighed and overpowered State Col-
Now is the time for all good women lege six fought hard against a Siena
to come to the aid Of their party. College steamroller that in the last
Or. in other words, let's find out quarter overran the defensively weak
why WAA can have the gym for State team. It was not until the
basketball only two days aweek and. final frame that Siena, seeing
then. n01? llllllll 4:15. Accordlnd t0 State’s weak defense, started to
the sign-up sheets on Activities Day pass and defeated State 19-13.
over one hundred freshmen are in- Siena Scores Early
terested in playing basketball this In the first minute of the first
year. Adding to this number, at quarter Siena tallied on a pass from
least fifty upperclassmen who reg- Al Marcelle to Malone. Marcelle
ularly appear for practice, WAA did most of Siena’s passing and run-
finds itself faced with the impos- ning. This was especially odd since
sible task of fitting everyone into Marcelle was Siena’s heaviest man
these two short periods. and not a fast runner.

The sport, as the mainstay of During most of the first quarter
WAAS Winter season. and. reaming Siena threatened several times but
as it does so many women. would state managed to hold. As the
seem that more time should be allot- whistle blew ending the first quarter
ed to it. State was on its own 30 yd. stripe

Use Of Page Hall has always been after Bert Pike had been tagged on
a sore point in student-administra- the goal.
tion relations. The whole problem At the opening of the second quar-
stems from the fact that there just ter Dave Lehman, who .incidently
aren’t enough days ill the Week to did most of State’s passing, threw
accommodate all the groups who a spiral into the arms of waiting
have a legal claim to the use Of the Harry Inglis on Slena’s 40 yard
gym. WAA and MAA are both stripe,
strong contenders for “lebensraum.” pike on the next play for state
Milne. I300. comes in With its bid took the ball on a reverse for 30 yds.
for time. This year. however, MAA down to the Siena 10 yd. line and
has not aSked for time. WAA has 2 Pike again on the next play took the
afternoons-Which. by the process ball over to tie the score 6-6. The
of elimination, leaves Milne with a try for the extramoint failed,
mOIIODOIY 01’ gym 'tlme- The second quarter saw no scoring

We remember the one-man feud but a hard fight by each team
the sports editor had with the guard- to tally. Siena intercepted a pass on
ians of the sacred portals last year. State's 35 yd. line but again States
He wanted more space for “his boys.” line held due in a great deal to Hal
Orchids to MAA Webber, State’s biggest lineman who

Our men made a credible showing ’Shtm‘te than once saved the day for
in their ame with Siena last Sunday. a 3-

Contrarlgl to all advance notices, the Second “a” T°“Chd°“m If 1th
Siena team was NOT light. State Siena Opened the Se‘EOhd ha W

In ed hard and we“ There is a march down the gridiron that end—
p‘ y ' ed in a touchdown for the Sieneans.
strong reason to suspect that victory M k
in the 2 out of 3 series with Siena Marcelle spearheading the a 810
may yet be chalked up on our side agam passed ‘0 Gaflheyy “at g V:
of the ledger. Siena the lead l2-6. Sienas a emp

, at the extra-pomt failed.
“ah’ “ah ‘5 . . State fought back hard in the third

If We may be forgiven for exlubll' quarter when three freshmen,
mg a very un'editoliamh pride m Brophy. Vaughn and Cocuzzi, on 21
our Class’ we woum like to pomt’ 0.“ series of passes from Bob Sullivan
that the View” or the gms 0f 45 drove to Siena’s 15 yard line from
in hockey the other day means that which Pike again on a running play
they keep unmarred their record Of drove throught to tie the score 12-12.
superiority in the Sport‘ State converted the extra—point and
Spirit? took the lead 13-12.

The great mystery of the year Final Drive
1944 is —- Where are the spectators? State Spirits rose high in the ﬁnal
Are people no longer intereSted 1h quarter but only for a moment when
WﬁtChillg Sports: 15 there a 1301‘ Of Marcelle again back in action passed
advance publicity? Or what? About to Tracey deep in State's territory
ten people were interesmd in the At this point State’s defense appear-
thlor'sehlor hookey game: While ed to crumble and on another series
men's f°°thah 13519 wedheSdB'y drew of passes by Marcelle, Siena tallied
a mere handful of spectators. We what proved to be the winning
hate ‘to See “helium? and _We touchdown and finally made its first
imagine the 01d refrain 15 becom‘hg point-after-touchdown of the day
tiresome for our readers. But, if we putting itself in the lead 19_13_
can arouse a little more spirit, we state was unable to muster any
Wm comider our hhhe We“ Spehh more power in the final quarter and

Sports are an important met” h" Siena proved too powerful, sending
molding school spirit. We need State down to defeat.
them. It would be too bad to have __

l d th. .
them die a natura ea State vs. Siena Sunday

N N ‘ hn ton ,

glam}? Jgahlli‘s’lol'l) orlce more rears State Will meet Siena for the sec-
“ Shaggy head. We are even con- end game in. their 2 out of 3 series.
sidermg resurrectmg' the well_ The game Will be played Sunday at

known picture from the dusty con- Beverwka Park at 2530‘ Stu‘iehts
fines of the News filing cabinet are urged to come Wt and support

where it has spent many months of the team l
deserved rest. When the sltuatllon
becomes desperate enough the p c-
ture will perform its regular duty  
of filling up space. What brings on
Western & Quail
15c a game for school leagues
from 9 AM. to 6 PM.

 

 

 

this dlsgrcssion is the fact that
some of our more hardier souls are
venturing out over the week-end of
the Convocation to open the camp.
Happy cleaning-up. kids.

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY, PROP. DIAL 5—1913

BOULEVARD OAFETERIA

Try Our Businessman’s Lunch

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

'46-487Trounce?
SOPh-SeniOrs ‘
In Loose Game

In one of the sloppiest games of
the year the team representing ’46-
'4B whalloped the ’45-’47 aggregation
26-8. It was a game marked with
fumbles and intercepted passes. It
was the latter that really beat the
Soph-Seniors. Several times they
were in scoring position only to
have the other club chime in with
an interception.

Brophy Tagged

The ’47-’45-ers scored first on an
interception. Pike passed from .the
five yard line and Brophy inter-
cepted behind the line of scrimmage
and he was tagged there for a safe-
3’

The Soph-Seniors then kicked off
with Dave Lehman doing the boot-
ing. Farley took the ball and ran it
back to his own 45 yard line. On
a sustained march they went to
the ’45-’47 twenty where Bob
Helnan .took it around his own left
end for a touch down. Sullivan’s
try for the point was not good.

The Soph-Seniors tried to strike
back through the air, but again they
were thwarted by an interception.
Again it was Brophy and this time
he really cut loose. With perfect
blocking he skirted down the left
side line for another ’46-’48 score.
In order to make doubly sure of the
conversion, Sullivan elected to run
with the ball and scored. The score
at the half was 13-2.

Sullivan kicked off to start the
second half. The '45-’47 club was
unable to gain against the alert
’46-’48’ers. Weber passed on fourth
down only to have Farley intercept.
In another sustained drive the
Frosh-Juniors advanced to the 15
where Sullivan tossed one to
Vaughn for another six pointer.
Heinan’s try for the point was
knocked down.

Sullivan again knocked off and
Pike did some nice running to
bring the ball back to the thirty.
The next play saw McCarthy pas-
ing the ball over Inglis’ head and
set ’45-’47 back to their own five.
Pike took the ball and in attempting
to run Bolles knocked the ball out
of his hand and fell over the goal-
line with it for the score. The
pass for the point was intercepted
by Dave Lehman.

Weber Connects

With their backs against the wall
’45-'47 received the kick and brought
the ball up the field. After a run-
ning play that went for no gain and
an incomplete pass it looked like the
game was over. It was then that
Hal Weber threw one of his long
passes that was completed to Dave
Lehman in the end zone. Weber
tried another pass for the extra

the American home.

 

  
 

 STATE(OBFEGEPNEWSi'FRIDAYfpclqlllE'ia,1137411“

 

... or adding refrcmmmt to a backyard barbecue

Plenty of ice-cold Coca-Cola helps make any barbecue a success.
l-iave plenty of “Coke” ice-cold and ready to drink. When you shop,
remember to ask for Coca-Cola. Evcrywhcrc,Cocu-Cola stands for
[be pause that refreshes—has become a high-sign of hospitality in

How; To Alienate People,
Gatlall Can Give Lessons

Be a spectator?? Who’d want
to after what happened .to Car-
fail last Tuesday? You see it was
like this. . .

The game had already started
and the spectators were cheering
wildly. Gette Dunn was goalie
for the Juniors and Jo Valente
for the Seniors. Everything was
fine until something happened to
Dunn. As the Juniors had no
other sub, Garfall became Junior
goalie. Right away bidding vbe-
gan. I‘Come on Guff, you can't
let those Juniors score — you’re
a Senior! . . . Come on Flo old
gal, you’re on our side now, let’s
go."

You can see what a position
Flo was in.

Who won? Well the Seniors
did; but the Juniors better get
some more subs or Flo says she
won’t go to any more hockey
games.

 

 

 

point, but Bolles knocked it down.
After the kick-off the ’46-’48 team
ran a couple of plays waiting for
time to run out. The game ended
with them in possession of the ball.
’45-’47 ........ .. 2 0 0

0502

 
 

'452534Vic‘toriousl 
In Hockey Game

Hockey has taken over the WAA
sport scene; at least momentarily:
The game between the Senior and
Junior girls last Tuesday ended in
a 4-0 victory for ’45. maintaining
the undefeated record of the class
in that sport. The game was not
as exciting as others in the past
have been. This, however, can be
attributed to the general lack of
practice on both sides. The skillful
playing of Duffy and Winyall was
the deciding factor in bringing vic-
tory to the Seniors. These two girls
were always there to take the ball
down the field. At times the action
was fast and rough, exhibiting
some of the old rivalry spirit. But,
for the most part it was slow.

In a practice game held last Wed-
nesday, the Sophomore girls de-
feated the Frosh in hockey. WAA
urges that all freshmen who can
play come out for practice. The
rivalry game is coming up soon and
practice is essential.

The WAA tennis tourney had an
active week, with the players mov—
ing into the semi-finals. The weath-
er, continues favorable. Virginia
Effley, captain, expresses hope that
the tournament will be finished.

 

 
  

t’ "w . s

(r wwwg’...‘
t.“

    
  

 

 ‘3. in
Now A LIEUTENANT IN THE

NAVAL AIR Fcrze.aoaaiss
DOWNED TWO JAP 25205
IN HIS FIRsT5 MINUTES
OF FLYING ACTION!

   

 

IOTI'LED UNDER AU'IHORIIV of HE COCA-COLA COMPANY IV

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING COMPANY

TO GIVE THEIR LIVES . .
YOU LEND YOUR MONEY
81/,

  
   
    

9 I944 Illa C-C Co._______.____.

    
 

  

FORMER ALL-AMERICA
AND ONE OF THE GREA '
EST BACKS WHO
EVE-unite
FOR THE
NAVY!

 

     
     

 
  
       
       
  
 
 
 
 

“Coke” = CocwCola
It's nulurul for llollull" lllllllclt
to acquire friend y uhlircvlu-
dons. Tlml'u Wiy you llclil’
'(,okc".

 

II a
WG-4“. Cocquulu culled

 

 

  
 

STATE

eon GE =

News.

     

 
 

 

443-2 ALBANY, NEWI YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1944

VOL. ’xxix NO. 6

 

Normal SCIIOOI

Ruih Draper, Famous Actress

Board OI Regents Relates Theatrical Experiences

Ruth Draper was enjoying a rest-

   ful afternoon in Pierce Hall before
. . , her performance at Page Hall. She
Education I8 CIIIQITOPIC Was wearing a dark red tailored
of Davis Addresses dressing gown and a fine peach

colored wool shawl. “Such moments
1 ' u . a . n
During the State Board of Regents’ soéiéelaxatlon me lale fol me’ she
Convocation last Thursday there ' , I , .
were several speakers who discussed mgte%:;nogv:%l;:efh&t1:3? ftmfﬁn:
Various phaSBS .Of DOSt'war education‘ an irreplaceable part of her. life “My
Longer trammg for teachers‘ more work is not mimicry as it is so .often
polish for a doctor of philosophy’s called. I copy no ‘One and‘do not
degree‘ an? Other Improvements 1“ use my own personal experience in
the education of teachers was advo- my sketches ..
cated for the post-war future by Dr. At first M'iss Draper did not write
fall“  dean. Oﬂgt‘ec‘l’m 1901” out the scripts that she used, but
636' .1'. .“ppel bughes e a We" merely conceived the general idea of
year “'mnnlé’ plan‘ fonowed by a year each scene. and worked it out on the
0f apprenl’lcesmp. .for .3“ Students stage before her audience Although
with teaching pos1tlons in mind. she has not added to “61'. repertoire
CAL, Eh:artilgfo’1‘lsissfon,Ogttﬁ‘? in many years. she has found the
011:0“ 1911‘ ,. 16‘ “C 91511.5. fa c sketches to have a "universal appeal."
In Efd‘hcatlon', was m 0P“ 0 fm 8110 developed her talent perform-
adﬁléeb Py‘Dl-ha-V  Halvey' 1319' ing before her family and friends.
{€55.01 Ol govelmngm  New Ymk Often. when an idea for a new sketch
U111V91'51t5".a‘1d Chm or me researcn was just beginning to take form in
and planning diVISIOI} 01 the. New her mind. she would try it out before
York State veterans Commissmn. some children to to“ its one“.
D" Harvey Sam the Wham“. ml‘St Beatrice Hereford. the gran comic
he Elven Drew'ch mumly 1“. the monologuist. was the first to suggest,
£19195. 9f Cducauon and Vocatlonal that Miss Di'upcr bccomc u profes—
rlil‘f'wéll‘gl'wogrllm sionnl actress. She gained vuluublo
‘ ‘ ' ' experience playing bci'orc soldiers
Beardsley Ruml' treasmel.9f R' H: in France during the lust Will'. “It
Macywahdico" Inc? and Chanman 0t taught. me how to catch mid hold the
the “dam Resewe .Bank  New. attention of a large audience. which
York’ gm“ .2” me mght 585510" 0‘ is an important. theatrical skill."
the convocation. Mr. Rum] advocated The theatre seemed the logical
the quelhpmeht 0f “homemlness' choice for her career because it was
éxlllahhhg Lhe term tonbe f? qumlty the thing she wanted to do most and
that comhs from a pqlz’on‘s “wa‘e' could do best. She received no formal
ness of his place in time. He said __v
that “homefulness” is one of the ob-
jectives of the educational purposes
of our present school program.

Mr. Ruml stressed a need for fnm-  
iliarity with ones own land, stating,
“W 1d hull turi ourn‘fmiizlnu O i' 

ecou ms y i igm Hm   

and administrative talents
inventing of a travel progrum l'oi' , _ 
boys and girls if we bclicvcd Lliul. Ah “'5 “th
‘liomcfulncss' in the nation lsmi lin-

 

 

production of the
souson. "The College Playhouse,
licwly l‘oi'mcd drumatics organization
poriunt human value. It would bo Wm WOW“, “The Damask Check” ,1
logical to provide thut cvcry boy uiid mumh,"bv 301m Val; Dr‘uten uut‘ho‘r
girl between the uch of [chch llll(I (31....1'11‘0 V‘Oic'eof the Turtle ..' At the
fifteen who could qualify in forms of HM Wilma] meeting, Robmﬁt Ioucks
a basic pi'cpuruiion would liuvc 5.001) qr; WM’ glowed Pregident. Jelyde'
milcs of travel in the vm'lous pui'is Cbbk‘ .117. Secretary. ‘and Marjorie
ii the United Sluics.‘ Cumin. .46, Treasurer. ‘

Ho ulso udvoculcd Illlil. llli‘ |.'.ov- Wm, 01- two plays Scheduled for
ci'nmciit lllCl'Ollh‘i.‘ followxhlps um] um sfo'hml {,Cﬂ]. an‘d‘u; be lumenth
scholarships "mid they should lir ()Il'lj‘limﬁbél_q 3.le Damask éheekn
availublc not. only to tho lnlollccluul M n gnome ‘éomedv {moat Rhoda
and prol‘cssionul L‘llll‘. l)lll ulso to kamun a thilw'_‘;em,_0]d English
earnest and :1I)I(‘ youm.I people who Um (hmm‘dbod bv‘oi’hcm as n .mée
will be morc ul. homo hi the world (mm mm. .. She cm‘ncs to New’
l’ochhﬁ“ “l “‘Wh‘“ “Ml mm“ "mm." York in .1909 and visits an aunt.
Wm" Wu“ H". Jimmy Rundull is u cousin she has
'r‘"‘l“"“"l Insuu'l“ known since childhood lllld gently

Dwuync Orion. (lll‘l'illlll' of cducu— 10w.“ rm- ymm‘ but he is involved
lion, lllIi'l‘llilIIlllllll Bllsilicss Much- with u “may “Cu-055' He looks upon
llli‘H coi'pol'ullon. (ll‘Hi'l'lIM‘CI tlic Stutc his wusln us a sister. and it, is not
Boul'd Ul' lit‘iil‘lllh“ llhm 101' llOSlr'Wﬂl' until slur takes an unconventional
cslulillslmwnl oi' post-high school mp. through Comm} pal-k with a
ti'i'lliilclll lllSlllllllt‘ﬁ- THUS" Slhle' lmndsomcfllrt thutlic recognizes his
supporli-d lnslllillcs of Applied Arts “uni-001mg“.
and Sclvuccs will train students for UN Selmuﬂ
occupulioii in tho sub-professional
field. They will give numy young

“fulfil-l“,Elglllmgrilmlt'u“Hy “’1 ml’hm under Loucks. Elnlnc Drooz und
l' , . Lucillc Kenny. Seniors. Marion Buc-
Ai the 01050 ol the C(lllVOCllLlOll. LOW, um and Bi“ Shim-f .41 The
rcgcnls. cduculoi's, collcgc presidents ms" includes Rum Fine. 415 as “Mrs
iill(l guests were cutorlulncd by music Randall... Miss Kenny as .thodu,”
from llio students of the Potsdam Alice Pundlei .48' as “Miss Pilmmgn
51111“ 'l‘i'l‘Clh‘l'ﬁ' Ci’lh‘ge' Constance Lcsslcr. '47, as "Norm"
 “ "'”"—’“"* Jnncl. Brady. ’48. us "Daphne Run-
, dull;" the well-remembered Fred
Press Bl"?au P'Clu’es Due Sliocmnkcr of the class of ‘44 us
Vci-u liozuk. '45, Dil‘cclol' 01' PI'CSS “Jimmy luiidullﬂ' Irene Hcck. ’45.
Burcuu. requests flint thrcc pictures as “Calla L()[]g5L1'eLl];" and 13111
of every Senior be handed in to her smqu '47. as "Michael Randall,"
bul‘orc Nov. 7. The purl. of "Neil Harding" is us yet
Miss Kozuk urges that freshmen uncusL,
inicrcslrd in frying out for Press Dmmmms and Arts Council is
Iiurcuu ultcnd llic meeting to be held Humming “1,, new group with fund“
this week. that normally would be used for
"‘“""”“"—““”“ Stugccruft and the productions of
. Advanced Dramatics. Loucks will
Sophs To Edll Cllend" direct. and the committees under him
Mary Ellen Telluu and Dorothy iu-e Sets and Lights. Miss Buetow;
Cuuglu'in, Sophomores, have been Props, Josephine 81mm). .45; Pub_
appointed by Mysknnia to edit the Holly, headed by Elizabeth I. Mc-
Faculty Calendar. This publication Grnth, '46, with assistance from Anne
is to acquaint the faculty with Cunninghum,'47;House,MaricLiebl,
events of the coming month. '46; and Make-up, Loucks. .

Try-outs were held on Tuesday.
October 17. and Monday. October 23.

theatrical training but has the ex-
perience of thirty years behind her
which, she feels. has taught her
more about her art than any school
could do. She has had constant
success since her debut. but believes
that most young actors have a hard
struggle to achieve recognition.

One of Miss Draper’s greatest skills
is her mastery of so many languages
and dialects. and iti s a severe test
of her art that she can perform in
n foreign language before an aud-
ience who can interpret only through
her action, inflection and facial ex-
pi'cssion.

Although there are many who are
now doing dramatic sketches, Miss
Dropcr stated that she was the first
to develop the new medium. The
thing she enjoys most about it is the
freedom it affords her. She has a
wide scope of character and subject.
and though most actors are only
fortunate enough to have one or two

(Crnillum'd on page 3. column 11

Report On Union

Follows Inquiry

Committee Says Farrell
Too Costly For Budget

An investigating committee ap-
pointed by Student Council has re-
ported that having a Student Union
in Farrell House would not be worth
the cost of upkeep and repairs.

In a report to the council Wednes-
day night. the committee stated that
the facilities already in use at the
school were as adequate for student
activities as those which would be
available in Farrel House, and that
the upkeep would take the entire $6
from the student tax each year. leav-
ing no surplus for further construc-
tion.

Following are the activities listed
in the report which would be wanted
and probably would have to be con-
tained in Farrell House:

Lounge. dancing space (room for
approximately 200 people), lunch or
snack bar of some kind. game room
for ping pong. cards. darts. perhaps
pool tables when they are available.
and rooms for such activities as the
Nuws, Pcd. P'I'inu'i'. D & A. Debate
Council. Music Council. Forum.
Student Council. War Activities
Council. Campus Commission. and
the Religious Clubs. There would be.
however, little or no room left for
sleeping facilities for commuters or
alumni.

Estimated Expenses

Without. inking llllO consideration
the expense to repair. furnish and
(Cull/illlif’ll Irom Page 3. Column 1)

 

State To Delve Inio Politics,-
Siudenis Will Vole-Today

“May the best mun win." quotli
the populace of NYSCT. but then
each an every one has his own
good idea just who that “best
mun" ls. Nor do they keep these
sngc opinions to themselves—.110,
no. no! The thriving littlc com-
munity of teachers has been in—
vaded by two green monsters cull-
cd respectively. "Democrat" and
"Republican." They p r u lice
through our midst and We know
no rest. Hours of precious lime
.u'c wustcd. arguing. debuting, dc-
butlng. debuting. arguing. Stu—
dents despair~thcrc is no answer.

But wall! A light shines in the
terrible darkness. At lust we shall
know. "Ali. swoct mystery of life

" The straw ballot has come
to State. Sponsored by the NEWS.
a student poll will be conducted
and State College's choice for the
next President of the United
States will be made.

 

 

 

First Big Eight Program
Features Senior Minstrels

l

 

JOAN SMITH, president of the
Class of '44, which will present the
first Big Eight tomorrow night.

Wiswall To Talk
For Republicans
lo Siucleni Body

Mr. Frank Wiswall. former New
York State Republican Senator. will
discuss the political issues of the
coming election from the Republican
standpoint in assembly today. A
straw vote for president will open
the meeting, and the award of the
Campus Day cup and election of
freshman class officers will also be
featured.

Mr. Wiswall will be sponsored by
Forum as part of the group‘s plan
to bring the issues of the presidential
campaign before the Student Asso-
elation. A Democratic speaker.
Justice Sol Rubenslcin, will be
brought next week to answer Mr.
Wiswull’s statements. Forum has
been given two assemblies by Student
Council in order to present the
speakers.

Forum engaged Mr. Wiswall
through the Speakers' Bureau of the
Republican Committee. a group in
which he is very active. He has been
21 member of the New York State
Assembly and Senate. and County
Chairman of the Republican Party.
He is also interested in harness roc-
ing. mid is now secretary of the
Hornets Horse-ruccrs' Association.
(.‘ampus l)in Clip

The Campus Day Cup will be pro-
scntcd to the Class of '47 in assembly
today. The award was to be made
Campus Night to the class winning
the most points in the Campus Duy
activities. The Women's rivalry uc-
iivltics wcrc postponed bccilusc of
rain on Cumpus Day and held the
following week. The Sophomores
totulcd three und one-half points to
the frcsliinen's three points. Voting
for frosh officers will mark the end
of assembly.

Florence Gnrfull. ‘45, President of
Student Association. will announce
the following tradition:

“Freshmen shall be required to
know College of the Empire Stutc'
and the Fight Song by November 1.
Any Sophomore may challenge any
freshnuui to sing either or both after
that day subject to penalties under
the rules concerning infractions of
traditions listed in the Handbook."

The freshmen will sing "Life is
Very Different" at assembly on Nov-
ember 3. They sing it once while
standing in place and again while
marching around the auditorium.

 

Rhythm Band To Play
For Dance Alter Show

The Senior class will officially open

2 the “Big Eight” programs with an

old-fashioned minstrel show. to-
morrow night in Page Hall at 8:30
P. M. Joan Smith, President of
the Senior class, is general chairman
of the event.

“This Senior show is a genuine
minstrel performance by and for the
Negroes, and not a glamorour Broad-
way rendition,” according to Pat
Mulcahy. director of the minstrels.

Martha Joyce will exemplify this
as interlocutor with and men, Irene ‘
Heck and Josephine Simon, furnish-
ing the “usual laughs and gags." Sue
Yagcr and Pat Mulcahy will sing
solos. Mighty Lilac a Rose and Sweet
Georgia Brown. Flo Garfall and
Miss Mulcahy will appear as “Mr.
Gallagher and Mr. Shean."

Peggy Dec, Mary Curran, Mary
Now, Anne Fritz, Leah Tischler. and
Marguerite, Bostwick w‘ill depict
“Six Little Chocolate Drops" in their
dancing interpretation of true south-
ern melodies. In addition there will
be soft shoe routine by Dulcie Gale
and Joan Smith.

Nora Crumm. musical director,
and Kippy Marsh, accompanist, will
head the minstrel chorus consisting
of Jane Rooth. Margaret Rouchaud.
Eleanor Hayeslip. Ruth Blake. Betty
Howell. Jean Brown, Jeannette Cos-
grave, Jean Offhouse, Mary Sander-
son, Helen Stewart, Dolores Ropke,
Jean Winyall and Marion Duffy.
Dancing In Gym

Immediately following the show.
ghosts, goblins and skeleton decor-
ations will welcome everyone in the
gym for dancing with Sammy Bruno
and his Blue Rhythm Boys. Anita
Feinstein. chairman of the dance
committee. is assisted by Jeanne
Burkhard. Alma Beckerle. Lucille
Kenny. Jean Brown, Mary Sender-
son and Dorothea Smith.

Publicity chairmen for the “Big
Eight" program are Leah Tischler,
posters, and Helen Bushnell, tickets.
Miss Mulcahy. in charge of writing
the script. was aided by Josephine
Simon. Irene Heck, Martha Joyce.
and Robert Loucks.

The price of admission is fifty
cents. tax included. Last year’s pro-
ceeds from the “Big Ten" were used
to purchase an ambulance for the
Red Cross. The committee antici-
pates that despite the diminished

number of programs, the proceeds
will equal or exceed last year’s.

Music—EB—uhcil

Revises Schedule

Mury D. Alden. president of Music
Council. has announced additions to
the concert program for this year.
The council will present concert
artists every month with the excep-
tion of November.

Music Council’s next presentation
will be a concert given by the English
Duo. two women singers, on Novem-
ber 30th.

Frederick Wolinsky, '47, will per-
form ut a piano concert on February
14. This concert will be the
first solo concert ever presented by
a student. Encores have marked
every performance given by Wolinsky
at State. February 14 will mark the
first opportunity for the entire
student body to hear Wolinsky's
piuno urtistry.

Another addition to the year's
program will be on April concert by
Nelson Sabin, noted new baritone.
Although comparatively new, Mr.
Sabin has toured extensively in
South America.

The council is offering a season
ticket to the Albany public this year.
This ticket provides for all the con-
certs and will be priced at $2.40.

 

  

 

 

