 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Embllthed May 1916
By the Class of 1918

   

if}

Vol. XXVII

     
 

No. 19

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
'1‘ - urrlerrratluate newspaper of the ‘New York state
Cililegc TOI‘LTGHCIICI‘S; published every Itl‘Itlliy of the (.ol-
legc year by the NEWS Board for t_lr_e_Stutlent Assgela:
tlon. Phones: Office, 5-0373; Baxter, 2-oo~io; Stooge], 8--80-1,
I’lclcert, 2-2752.

March 3, 1944

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL AUvIElHISING II
National Advertismg SeIVIcc. Inc.
College Pablo/Jars Representative

420 MADISON A'Iz. New YORK. N. Y.
CNICMJO ‘ BOIYOII ' LOB ANGILIB ’ SAN FRANCISCO

The News Board
JANET K. BAXTER - '

MARY B. STENGEL _
JANE PICKERT - - BUSINESS MANAGER
LILLIAN GROSS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
BERTRAM KILEY ~ - SPORTS EDITOR
SUNNA COOPER _ - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
EDNA MARSH - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
DOROTHY MEYERS - ASSOCIATE EDITOn

CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
EDITOR-lN-CHIEF

,.,..; \f-rim 2

DOROTHY MEYERS
ISSUE EDITOR

All eominunicalions should be addressed to file editor and
rrnist be signed. Names will be wttlrlield upon request,
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or eomiuunjt-nlIons
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

It's Easier To Remember . . . .

in last week's S’I‘A’rit COLLEGE News there ap-
peared a letter to the Editor signed li‘amished
Female. The person who wrote the letter vehement-
ly protested the state of affairs ill a college where
there is no social life. Social life in this person's
estimation is spelled MEN.

The letter would have been ludicrous if it hadn‘t
been more tragic. The attitudes expressed in the
letter are indicative of those prevalent throughout
the whole college. Students are attempting to live.
in the "old days" when the ratio was only 4—1 iri-
stead of 20-1 or 30-]. The dances, fraternity
parties antl tlates are remembered. That there was
as much discontent with the situation then is too
often forgotten.

"There is a war on" has become over-used enough
to make it a trite expression, but it is nevertheless a
true one. Maybe it has been used so much that we
are prone to forget its significance. That, however
titres not change the fact that it has had its effect
upon this College. The “old days” are gone. (‘on-
ditions are not as they were and no amount of
reminiscing can recall them. The l’amished Female
suggests that the Women at State go to USO dances
anti sponsor open houses for nearby men‘s colleges.
Such a program would undoubtedly garner a few
dates for her anti her friends, but the spirit of old
times can hardly be recovered in this way.

(Yollege students supposedly have a more balanced
outlook on life than average people of their age.
Through their advanced educational opportunities
they should have a greater ability to atlapt them—
selves to a changing environment. and conditions.
Students at State (.‘ollege are faced with a "New
Order" whether they like it or not. Instcatl of
trying to live in a world that no longer exists, it
Would he riiore profitable for them to start adjusting
themselves to the new one. The kind of a World
that will follow the war is not one which will be
kind to those who cannot reorganize their ideas and
habits to fit. the changes that are eminent. The
male problem is but one facet of the difference in
the new and old Stair.- (‘ollt-ge brrt it is enough to
show how the students are reacting to the thange.
anti they are not reacting wisely. The sooner State
(‘ollt-ge students learn to fact- the farts, the better
will be their chances for success in a post-war \vorltl.

Too Little-—Too Late . . . .

Approximately three months are left of school.
'l‘hrec months of as much activity arrtl achievement
as one wants to make if. (it three months in which
one can sit around and wait for thc next one to
fight the war on the home front or the allies to
overcome licrlin with emotion. Twelve weeks in
which YOU can spend twu hours, one evening a
Week, rolling bandages, or taking a Home Nursing
course, or knitting army socks and mittens. Talk
is vaporous. An insignificant piece of gairze is
tangible.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS,

FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1944

Communications—-

Dear Famished Female:
We’re doing the best we can.
Fearless Fred Foncher
Jolly George Hess
Handsome Harry Wurtz
Phointin Phil Lashlnsky
Jittery James Miner
Gorgeous George Poulos
Jungle Jim Crandeli
Bashful Bert Kiley
Manly Marty Stuart
Murderous Mark Blunt
Amorous Al Beninuti
Cautious Clyde Cook
Bad Bob Ferber
Fast Fred Shoemaker
Jumping Jock Dorn
Masterful Manny Miller
Palpitating Poul Penrose

To the Editor:

The “Unholy Three” of last week's
News have upset us greatly. They
refer to certain shadowy specters
lurking behind the President of the
freshman class. Personally, we are
inclined to take that with a grain of
salt. since we suspect a plot nefar-
ious beyond mention to discredit
Mr. Francello.

In a recent class meeting Mr.
Francello's power to select commit-
tee members was cliallengcd by sev-
eral fairly prominent but neglected
class members and they were right.-
ly squelchcd. Mr. Francello was
elected to the office of class presi-
dent by a majority of the class,
and thereby given certain rights,

including that to select committee-
men, by that majority. Some minor-
ity, evidently trying to pull some
juicy plums out of the class pie,
is slinging mud. Why don't they
learn that you can’t whitwash your
own fence by painting your neigh-
bor’s fence black?

The Disturbed Duet.
To the Editor:

This is in answer to the “Furnish-
ed Female,” who so urgently feels
the need of. and requests men.

All normal girls enjoy male com-
panionship. to be sure. However, I
don’t think we expect State College
to go into the gigolo business or to
form a date bureau—to women who
have nothing better to do with their
time than to bewail their fate and
sigh for male entertainment.

It seems to me that Miss Famished
is living in a past age and hasn't.
yet begun to understand the world
in which we are living——a world in
which men are fighting. dying,
working, saving. and planning for
the future.

That future depends tipori us. to
such an extent, that we must work
will: our men and for our men, not
for our own amusement. iy utiliz-
ing her time toward the war and
following peace effort. Miss F‘amisli—
ed ought to become busy enough to
avoid serious distress from the luck
of masculine society.

Fed Female

 

mam

 

War has been declared!

The acidulous Herr Kiley. hither-
to one of my favorite people, had
the infernal impudencc to lilnt that.
one of my sentences was a direct
steal from his piddling little effort,
"The Oat Bin." This none-too-
subtlc hint of his has had me gnaw-
ing at the rugs all week-end, and I
feel it my righteous duty to set my
readers tall four of them) straight
on any accusations of plagarism.

Herr Kiley implied that a scri-
tenco written to my sister, "You
didn't lltld‘t! to go," was it re-writc of
his compliment to Carr Pangburn.
['10 didn't have to go.“ I resent
the brick thrown at my literary
ethics, with Kiley‘s unert'ing aim.
about. as heartily as I’ve resented
anything in this short but always
resentful life of mine.

So I hereby proclaim a relentless
feud “McCoy” Ryan agin “Hatter”
Kiley,——iintil a public apology is ren-
dered. I‘ll settle for just a line in
that collection of crud, "The Out
Bin," though the temptation is to
insist that. Bertram get down on
his knees in front of Student Assoc-
iation, and beg tenrf’ully for forgive-
ricss. I have already consulted
soirre shysters I know. They inform
me i the grounds for a ripe and
odorous law-suit. I siriiply can't
resist. the publicity. 1 shall sue for
damages aiitl a lock of that. ftizz
Kiley wistf'ully culls hair. A Sthlrl'
lock!

My grounds for stud surf tonsists
iii the following irrefutable facts.
Mark you, I have thought. over the
whole sud nl'fuir reasonably and no
conclusions have been reached
lrustlly. I even regret. having to be
so stern with my favorite columnist.
(next. to myselfr, but. Kiley must
learn flint ilt' can't cast. aspt-r'sions
like. that. The only thing yort can
safely cast these days is a front. litre.

i. The first ground I have is flint
I NEVER read “The Out liln."
Sometimes, when waiting for a bus.
or sitting in Dean Nelson’s unte-
I'oom after ovor—cntting again, I
skim through it, hastily. and then
dismiss it from my mind. I‘ve never
once read it thoroughly enough to
have one sentence—reveii one of the
few approaching literary merit——

 

 

by ltIIONA RYAN—*ﬁ—

stay in my mind. The only reason
I even look at it, sinco the picture
at the top is enough to discourage
anyone, is that. I feel it a courtesy to
a fellow P. 0. member, and News
filler—upper. Besides. I. like to chat
with Bertramni did like to, that is
wand since his main topic of con-
versation is his column, small talk
'afher languishcs unless I have a
vague idea of what he's bored his
readers with last. But, I insist, I've
never read it. with enough attention
to have any sentence at all make an
impression on my sub-conscious.
tAnd 1 do have one. Kileyb

2. Any similarity between a seri-
t.cncc of Kiley‘s and one of mine is
unhappily coincidental. Since Carr
had chosen to go into the services,
agin the. advice of his draft board.
and my sister agin the advice of
everyone. she know. it's quite natural
that a thought of mine might. par-
allel an observation of Bei‘li'um's,
distressing as that might be. 1 pre-
fer to have my sensitive observations
untainted by the sameness with
Klley's limited ruind.

3. Since Ilerr Bertrrnn had made
his profound thought lll December,
and I curiic through with my equally
profound one in December, it's
hardly possible that 1 should
liaVe remembered a sentence that
long. Bertram, yoti know me
well. and certainly know one of
my great. talents is forgetting
anything untl everything in an
amazingly short. time. The thought.
of Ryan, saying, with a crafty smile,
"llch. heh, I'll just copy down this
little line and use it whenever l
have ii chance,” is on lllt insane
side. I'm simply not. a creature of
fort-thought. My talents. are of the
Impulsive kind.

Kiley will probably insist lIllil I
did read his column carefully, laugh-
able thought, uirtl tlid harbor tlinl
line in the dark recesses of my brain.

Nonsense, utter nonsense Any re—
semblance was . . . you know how to
finish that sentence oirl . . absol-
lllt‘ly’ coincidental. I can only

apologize with it deep sincerity for
buying it hint of wlmf Kilt-y t‘ttlls
prose taint my own version of stunc.
’l‘hal. perhaps explains this rage of
urine. i feel i must. have more than
a touch of the second—rate if I’m
ever reminiscent of liertrnm's so-
cnlled style. After all these years
of hacking away at a typewriter,
it's downright dislieurteningl

 

KW“
Km

by turn MARSII

  

 

ELEGY

The other day a delegation came into my office——
my office—that’s two cubic inches of desk which has
it's job out out for it housing one columnist and one
leg of the other. The purpose it turned out was to
protest my column, not an unusual procedure. They
complained that it took them hours to figure out what
I was talking about and then someone would tell them,
you jerk that‘s not what she meant. In order to firefli-
tate matters, I will henceforth divide my column into
two parts—one for the pseudo intellectuals and one
for the brains and other jerks who are so smart. that
they can't understand stupid things. As f'ollou's:

Civil war has been de-
clared. A mob riot was
staged in assembly and
a parade of angry stu-
dents formed in the p. o.
Classrooms were torn
down and professors tar- Or in other words you
red and feathered. A
bonfire was built of the
Ed 10 books Residence
Couiicll rules and dorm
contracts. The president
of the college has appeal—
ed for protection and it
is rumored that. troops
will be sent to quell the
rebellion.

ALLEGORY

In the corner of n dreary deserted old attic sits a
witch with dark stringy hair and yellowed teeth mut-
It'l'lilg curses and vile invocations. She is pondering
what unhappiness she can bring to the world, what
abuses she can heap upon the head of some poor un-
suspecting wretcli. Suddenly she laughs in frenzied
glee and rubs her palms together in evil satisfaction.
Something pleases herwshe can see the writhings of
sortie tortured human.

jerks. Kiley has been at

it again.

She goes to the cupboard and drugs otit an oltl iron
pot. which she places in the center of the room. lrrto
this she pours roots and herbs, evil smelling and evil
bringing. Mnttcring incantations over the steaming
pot she brings it to a boil and their pours the con-
coctioii onto a piece of paper. Still chuckling she
climbs on her broom and Whisks across the country
to an old brokcir down building where she deposits
her awful burden. Back onto the broom sht- climbs
and all the way home she chortles cvilly thinking of
the faces of the mortals when they read “Vitriol” in
tlic S'rA'rIc Contact: Naivs.

FAREWELL

We irate to say goodbye to one who has only been
with us a short times Dr. Rice. Even in that short
time however, Dr. Rice tirade himself a familiar and
welcome figure in the college halls. Dr. Rice enters
the Navy with a standing Lieutenancy 4.1.G.r and
expects to serve as a teacher. Mrs. Rice and their two
children are living in Pittsburgh at. present. but expect
to live in New York as soon as Dr. Rice knows defin-
itely where he will be stationed. He is now at Fort
Schuyler.

01.1) FRIENDS

The beaming face which lllumined the school this
asl. week was on one Pvt. "Proud Papa" Bulger who
says that his little daughter Cynthia is a peach . . .
We know there's no one like her . Ensign llrrl
Ashworth arrived to spend a well-earned vacation
after his graduation . . . Cpl. liarry Baden is now the
possessor of an APO. number . . . . Now that the H'l‘l’
has received its walking papers. many of our yount'.
lads are wondering what comes next. in the line of
dirty for them . . . . From Dr. Rienow word comes that
he is being sent overseas "somewhere."
l.li’l"l‘l£lt-Wltl’l‘lNG

[from Dr. Jones' correspontlcnts llitVt‘ come reports
of the letter-writing activities of the girls which
could be better incidentally . Some of the girls
it seems became scared off at the news that their
correspondent is married or ineligible . . . . Then too
some of the fellows are quite busy, we \\olitlt'1' why
and haven't tiiue to dash off letters as often as tlrer
receive them . . . . But they are appreciated turd it'..
riot too much to dash off a letter a week to a pal of

yours . . . Some of the girls have been l'illIlt'l‘ lucky
HIIIN'I‘IMIIJN'I‘
Motto of" a softer . . , Never make love to a woman

when you have anything better to (to furl \Ilrrrt's
better"?

Weekly Bulletin

NIH I.\I. I \Irl‘i\“.\" \I llllt ‘~ \II It lllllt

\Irtl't'li If l"1'li>~I| .N'rrjrlr titII'Ifti‘.‘ In It. .\.1 p. rt.
lr.t~ltt-Ilt.r|| gator. l'=Ig.* Hall. I‘ |' \|
l I‘\I \lIIrlI \ IIlllII l'lIIlI

\|.trt-1r '1 I-Jnrrli I\llll tilttillli;.' l.oiirr.:- 2 ‘.o l‘ \l
lrt'ottglr “Ill'tli\" lll I'.rge Il.rll \|:Ii‘t Ir 0 \r-\\nttir I'llll'
.rudilorinnr. \ lo I' \l nut-ling \r unrirr Hall '1‘ "4|

\I.II'I'II T .\|i plain, l'.i,".i- I‘ \l
Il.rtl auditorium. s :to 1' .\| \llll'l'lt it from supp
t'oiucdi directed by tlract- l‘l\11ll‘,i nyirrnrnrrte Io-wl
Hc'iullz. 'lfi, and ltlII'ltl sou 1'\i .11 Public hath
show It) All irreiulrt-rs. \o .‘l

.\Ittt‘clr H St‘.\ presents \lrrrt'lr it St‘.\ presclrln
lll' t'lrllders us spa-alter at Itr. l"ors_\llr ul 7110 in lIII'
Lenten ht-l‘l‘It't's I'nlfarian Lounge Discussion on llIIr
t‘liupt-l, 13.00 Noon. dulsm

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH

3, 1944

PAGE :,

 

Post-War Improvements
Planned For State Campus

New Buildings Included-

.
In Extensive Program

Dr. John M. Sayles, President of
the College, has released post-war
plans made by the Board of Regents.
for the improvement of the State
campus. This comprehensive post-
war plan for education includes
recommendations made over a period
of years, together with new pro-
posals recently developed. A sub-
stantial portion of the sum to be
appropriated will be devoted to the
reconstruction and extension of
buildings already existing.
Departments to be Enlarged

The proposed program for this
college includes a department for
the preparation of teachers and
supervisors of music, and an exten-
sion of the graduate department.

The recommended building pro-
gram is as follows:

Commercial Education Building.
$400000.

In normal times. the enrollment
of the Commercial Education De-
partment varies between 225 and 300
students. the college graduating each
year about 60 students prepared to
teach commerce in public schools.
The present facilities are antiquated.
The proposed commerce building will
provide space for a commerce dc-
partiiient of 400 students together
with classrooms for other depart-
ments of the college.

Administration Building, $100,000.

The udrnfrustration offices of the
college are housed in Draper Hall.
These rooms are not. suitable for
office purposes: they are to be re-
modeled to supply additional class-
rooms. At present. property may
be purchased which would make air
excellent. site for a new administra-
tion building.

Gymnasium and Recreation build-
ing. $300,000.

New Gymnasium Planned

The small gymnasium under the
auditorium cannot. be tirade to serve
the needs of students Ill physical
fitness and recreation. The new
building will be erected on a site
large enough to provide suitable
playing fields.

Addition to Library. $150,000.

The present. library was created by
remodeling the chapel building. The
proposed library addition will be an
extension of the present building.
It will house classrooms for a library
school of 200 students, together with
reading and study rooms and stack
rooms for the student body of the
college as a whole. The total book
capacity of the library and its ex-
tension will iiof be less than 100,000
volumes.

$250,000 will be set aside for the
pnrcliuse of additional property.
New ’l‘eaeheI-s (‘ollcge

The entire post—war plan includes
the eleven Stale ’I‘eachers' )ollt-ges
of New York Strife and a new college
to be constructed on Long island.
The proposed feiit'hci's' college (111
Long island will prepare elementary
school teachers and teachers of
business subjects. There was a
shortage of teachers of business
subjects prior to the war. arrtl it. is
anticipated that they will lmvc
larger place in the secondary school
of the post-war period. The new
college is designed to act-oinniotlute
1000 students hi the two curriculurns.

An lll)l)l'(i|)l'lllllt)ll of $2,500,000 will
be used in the construction. The
Long lslrrntl lrrstllutlorr will be re-
gionally well-situated since lllfll (lis-
ll‘lt'l does not have u terrclrt-r's' col—
lege and the population hits irr—
ci'eusetl to more than 000.000 persons
Iil contrast to 15,000 in 1005. The
college \\ill ht- trccessllile to all high
school graduates in the I.tili|.; lslurrtl
in'eu.

Big Ten

tt'ou/luutd from I'to/t It

for the nnprovcmcnt and flll'ltlhlllilf:
of some student activities room.
Untlcr this |iItlil the money could be
llh‘t'ti for a soda fountain, u t'okc bar.
a bowling alley, or any student pro-
jt-et that the majority of students
desires.

tip to date the approximate result
of the first live life 'l‘en chnts has
yielded about $033.70. There are
still some returns to be matte from
the l“llt'lllly Skit. The Committee
feels confident that the ensuing
fivu words will easily account for
the balance of the $1700.

 

 

Slate Women Televized
On Radio Station-WGBR

“To fame!" they shouted as
they left State last Sunday night
for Station WGBR in Schenec-
tady. There were five State stu-
dents and a couple of Milnites
who took part in a television
broadcast under the supervision
of Dave Greer. formerly of State,
now a student of Siena College.

Nora Crurnni, Jane Southwick,
and Dorothy Townsend, the tri-
imitable trio, put on the act that
achieved so much applause at the
All-State Special. Linking arms,
they gave a rendition of “Put
Your Arms Around Me, Honey.”
all the while keeping straight
face and retaining a military
posture. They also song “This
1:: A Lovely Way To Spend An
lflveriiiie,” and “Shoo, Shoo Baby."
Evelyn McGowan was the ac-
conipanisf.

Muriel Rubin then sung two
solos.

The show. which went. on the
air at 7:15 PM. Sunday night,
was in the form of a play rehear-
sal. including a mystery drania.,
two chorus numbers. and the
af'oreinentioned.

 

 

 

AD Program Presents
Talent Show, Comedy

A comedy directed by Grace
Shults.  and a talent. show will
comprise the Advanced Draniatics
program on ’I‘uesday at 0:30 P. M., in
Page I-lall auditorium.

In Miss Sliults‘ play, Ruth Selunitt.
"it a frustrated mother, wishes to
break away from home ties arid
"create." When the enthusiastic
younger daughter Elaine Uffman,
"f7. and the determined older dating-
ter. Arlene Polsky, ‘10. decide to
embark on acting and foreign mis—
sionary -arcers respectively. mother
feels that something should be (folio.

The talent show will include var-
ious Al) members who will enact.
scenes from plays. Elaine Di'ooz,
’-t5, and Bertram Kiley. '44, will pre-
sent a scene from “The Taming of
the Shrew"; Martha Joyce. ‘45. will
appear in a portion of “The Dark
Hour" by Don Marquis. Patricia
Mulcahy. lrene Heck, and Lucille
Kenny. Juniors. will conclude the
program for the evening.

Forum Initiates

Seminar Groups

Four Discussion Units
Organize For Research

In an attempt to put into practice
the well-known, generally-approved
educational theory that students
learn best in discussion groups and,
at the same time, to cultivate an
interest in a definite field of subject
matter, Forum is inaugurating a
new policy of having seminar groups.

When it was discovered that a
large number of students was ig-
norant of the names of their Con-
gressmen, a seminar was begun for
the express purpose of discussing
and invostigating the policies of
Congress and the Congressional
activities. This group under the
leadership of .......................................................... ..
will aid students to vote more wisely
when they arrive of voting age.
Philosophy Included

Political Theory. including the
philosophy of Plato. Aristotle. and
Hegel, will be studied. These dis-
cussions led by Jeanne Bailey. '44,
will investigate and probe into the
lives of these men and the many
intricate meaning and interpreta-
tions of their respective beliefs and
political concepts.

Since the Press in America today
occupies so very important a part
in the war, one entire group will
devote its time to the study and dis—
cussion of the policies. purposes, anti
faults of the present press. These
problems will be considered under
the direction of Selma Kreisburg,
"iii.

The changes in governmental poli-
cles as indicated in the political
books written in the last. decade is
the subject for debate for the sem—
inar that will be led by Anita Leone,
'45. A good deal of material has
been written and published cori-
ccrning the politics of America,
Europe and Asia, material that. is.
in the view of present. events, very
controversial. This group will at.-
tempt to analyze the governments
and perhaps eventually come to a
conclusion as to the most practical
of the numerous theoretical sug-
restions.

Business Meeting in Assembly

A business meeting will constitute
this morning's assembly. Barbara.
Putnam, ’45. Vice-President of Stu-
dent. Association, will propose a
financial resolution asking for an
allotment of  to send the Presi-
(lt‘ ' of Student Associatlori to air
Eastern Strife Tcnchei"s Professional
Association conference.

The said trier-ting is an inter-
collegiate conference of teachers. at
which there will be discussions con-
cerning student. educational pro-
blcnis.

War Council Solicits Students
To Remedy Volunteer Shortage

'I'hr'ongliont. the country, the
shortage of nurses and doctors has
been refined and i't'-t‘t‘llt)('tl, necessi-
tating the establishing of It‘ir‘st Aitl,
Niri'st-s' Aitlc, and Home Nursing
(’(IIII‘HI‘H.

The demands which even bit high
school and college students were
lilltt'll up at State by \\'iu~ Activities
(.‘ount-il first It‘ull. A week was set
aside for the enrollment of students
In the various phases of war work.

l'eople signed up for Nurses Aide,
Surgical Dressings, llorne Nursing
and the like, the irnrjority of whom
scented to disappear when it clinic
to getting the actual work done.
(IIIl‘t' more, \\'A(‘ semis out n cull
for volunteers mainly for Home
.‘x'rn-srrrg and Surgical Dressings.

The Home Nursing t‘ourse enr-
oodres the necessary fundamentals
needed to rncr-t eiiit'i'geitt'It-s Til the
litilllt', evening classes to be held of
Albany High school. The lied (Toss
is ready to send out as runny tench-
cr-s for us. rrrrrriy classes as students
enroll for. However, there must be
of ltttsl fifteen students signed up
for one evening in order to llltliit'
the initiation of u class in Home
Nursing worthwhile. To date, no
more than thirteen buVo signed tip
for airy one evening on the bulletin
board outside the Dean of Women’s
office. Which means that unless
more people enroll In the course.

the lied Cross will not send out ir
teacher, and the desires of ill. least
thirteen students to participate ill
the war effort will be frustrated.

The Home Nursing Course is r
twenty hour course tone evening n
week for ten \veeksl which entitles
one lo a certificate upon its corri-
pletioir.

More volunteers are needed also
for rolling bandages. The head-
quarters for limiting these surgical
dressings is at 1-15 h‘tule Street, op-
posite the Ile\\'ill (llitiloti llolel.
They are open every Monday
through Friday from 1—1 I’.l\‘l. and
from 0:30-11 PM. Help is portion.
lurly errrphrrsizcd for Friday nights.
Students who wish to volunteer are
asked to It'lIVt' their names with in.
Itlllt‘ii Stokes, “will of Women, who
will inform tlierrr of the regulations
to which they must comply.

Students are urged to IIt‘t‘tI flit-st-
t-nlls lnnnedintt-ly. Because if suits
low the old saying still applies,
llllll "'l‘liei'c's no time like the
present."

 

HERBEBT’S

1054 Madison Ave. Albany, N. Y.

Music And The Dream

 

By RYAN

Praise be. it didn't rain or snow
this time, so my comments on ze
drama can be slightly more palat-
able than usual—even approaching
civility at times.

I am, frankly, of two minds about
the first play. It was a drama con—
cerning itself with occupied France.

The difficulties are this. We have
seen several good movies of late con-
cerning themselves with the uncon-
querable French spirit. Maybe it
gives with a surfeit, after a while, I
don’t know. But when one puts on
a play about the French, it would
seem the sensible thing to have
French characters on the stage.
People can be dressed up in all sorts
of peasant costumes, and still look
decidedly like American college stu-
dents. The French people I have
known, in my sequestered existence,
have a genius for the telling nuance
of the voice. the expressive gesture.
The French are also good at saying
things quietly.

So you scee what I mean. Only
one in the play st r'med to realize tfiis
action was taking place in another
country. under conditions of terrific
tension. where the quietest; sentence
is meaningful. Everybody oral‘ed so
much that all contrasts were lost.

The stand-out part in the play was -

the Nazi soldier as played by a
promising frosli named George
Poulos. .‘veovge was the only one
in the east who should have been
orathig at the time~il2 fitted his
conception of the character perfectly.
He strode about the. stage, mouthing
the doctrines of National Socialism
until you wanted to take a pot-shot
at him, which was exactly the re-
rrction hoped for. He shouted, and
stormed. and scretuned, and made
cultural noises, and tirade the best
Hun since "The Beast of Berlin."
But. when he left the stage iii the
middle of the play, things just drop-
ped with a dull thud.

Everyone else in the cast was
adequate. Claire Schwartz had some
good moments in the beginning, but
then that oratory began. Perhaps
though, it was all the fault of the
playwright. Mary Tclian, another
Freshman, over-emotcd in the part.
of a young French girl.

My chief objection. when all is told
is that. no one used more than one
gesture that. was noticeable—holding
both hands out in a pleading ges-
ture. All other gestures were either
painfully stiff. or came a second
after t.er line they matched. That,
and the constant oratory had me
unnerved.

The second play was a comedy set.
ill a laundry iii the Soho district of
London. (Cockney, for you illiter—
tiles).

The story. concerning a homely
Cockney lass who dreams up a
dream prince and wealthy father
for herself for the benefit of scorn-
ing ctr-workers, is essentially a
comedy. but Joyce injected the prop-
er note of hopelessness and pathos
tlitit belongs to the story. Pat Mill—
crrliy did llll excellent job as the main
character which 'un be easily bur—
lesqnetl. She kept it believable, and
had flint Puglincei note that is the
essence of all good comedy. Ruth
Sclunitt. who always does a swell
job, was fine as the Cockney who
was married, and therefore less re-
spectable, and a bit above the rest
of her friends. li'enc I-It-ck played
Celeste for the laughs iriitl got. u lot.
of lllt'lll, aird was very good. So wrr'e
Barbara Crocker nntl Peg Sclrltitt.
They were its steamy a bunch of
lr'rrlls as i ever did see. illl(l right. ill
home in the laundry. li‘red Shoe-
nrnker lrrrd trouble lighting his pipe.
but carried off a difficult role ex—
tremely well. Congrats, Fred. too
had you \veren't. discovered till this
year. Well, to finish tip. it was it
good play, and so f'nrewoll.

 

Emil J. Nagengast
Your College Florist
Cor. Ontario of Benson Sf.

 

 

OTTO Ii. MENIIE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

 

By TUECOTTE

Another in a series of concerts
sponsored by the Music Council was
presented last Wednesday evening in
Page Hall.

The program was a varied one.
featuring the State College orches-
tra, conducted by Rosalind Ginsburg,
to vocal soloists, Jean Chapman
Snow, soprano. and Jack Dorn. bass;
and Fred Wolinsky, pianist.

The program was in its entirety
conceived and executed by the stu-
dents of the college and, as such,
bad all the merits and shortcomings
of such a program.

Mrs. Snow sang her four songs
in a most pleasing manner. Gersh-
win's Summertime and Griegs Ich
Licbc Dick. were the better known
of the four and very enjoyable.
However, her wide range and con-
trol of voice were displayed to best
advantage in A Dainty Little Dam-
scl and No, Jolm, No.

Mr. Dot-n, a newcomer this sem-
ester, failed vocally in attaining the
fine sliadings necessary to portray
effectively the deep emotional cori-
tcnt of Schumann's The Two Gren-
tlicrs. Clarke's-The Blind Plow/Ir.-
llltlll was pitched too low to allow
ample play to the best qualities of
his voice. However, be displayed
a bass voice of a natural richness,
especially in the lower ranges. I-lis
rendition of Kern's Ol’ Molt. River
was thoroughly enjoyable.

Mr. Wolmsky succeeded in attain-
ing a credible interpretation in his
piano rcntlitioii of the Allegro move-
ment of Mozart's Concerto in A
Minor. Somewhat spotty in rhythm,
his efforts do indicate a fine talent
certain to develop with further
study His encores which included
Rachmmilnoff's Prelude in C Sharp
Minor were among the highlights
of the concert.

The concert was meritorious if
only on the grounds that it evi-
denced a great deal of effort and
initiative. A large share of the
initiative was shown by the cori-
duetor of the orchestra, Miss Gins-
burg.

()n the whole it was an ambitious
program. Almost, one might say,
a little too ambitious. ’l‘lie or-
chestra attempted some music that
was too difficult and apparently
selected with too little attention to
the rmmbcr and type of instruments
available.

The result was not always a
happy one. There was a serious
hick of depth and balance and
teamwork. The efforts of the group
were given to the mere mechanics
of simply playing the notes; so
much so that hardly anything
could be done with interpretation
or the dynamics inherent in the
music.

Any criticism of the program
slioultl take into consideration the
fact that the orchestra has only
recently been organized, arid the
grerrt progress shown is a testimony
to the efforts of Miss Ginsburg arid
the members.

Finally. a word should be said for
the work of Miss Helen ltilgin in
her sympathetic uccompunitiieiit
of the two vocal soloists.

 

GOOD TODD

In a li‘f'ltilltlly,
(‘om forlablc

A linospherc

: ‘ 5 ' 3
WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

 

 

. rgwwmmmvmwhm. . ...

 

 

 

