    
 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918

No. 21

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergradtmte newapuper ot‘ the New York State
College for TutiCIlOl‘Fi: published every Friday of the Col-
iegc year by the NEWS Board for the Student Associa-
tion. Phones: Ott'ice, 5-9373; Baxter, 2-5545; Stcngel. 8-2804;
Piekert, 2-2752.

March 17, 1944

    

Vol XXVII

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV

NntIonal Advertismg Servrce, Inc.
College Publisbers Representative

420 MADISON A'Il. New Vonx. N. Y.

cmcaco - Honor! I to: MIqu - SAN Francisco

The News Board

MARY B. STENGEL _
JANET K. BAXTER -

.IANE PICKERT - -
LII—LIAN GROSS - -
BERTRAM KILEY - -
SUNNA COOPER _

EDNA MARSH -

DOROTHY MEYERS -

14mm 2

All coinmiutleatlons should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Nantes will be withheld tipon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect lts View.

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
- CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF

BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER

SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

From Now Forward

With the fever of one battle thoroughly cooled.
or temporarily allayed at least, another contest
presents itself to the Student Association. Today,
the student body will weigh the pros and cons of
the Goldberger Plan for Student Council Revision.

Earlier this week, at an open Student Council
meeting, the issue was submitted to a preliminary
airing. It is to be hoped that the discussion today
will progress farther than at the previous hearing.
We hope that the many weaknesses of State College
will not evidence themselves; that petty details will
not be batted back and forth; that; past issues and
personal grievances will not hold the floor.

It was brought out in last week’s assembly that
if change was desired, efforts should be made im-
tnediately toward a betterment of the agencies at
fault, or else, true to the State College pattern, any
plans or issues would be relegated to the dusty files
of unfinished business. It is indeed true that now is
the time to bring any plans, suggestions, and criti-
cism to the fore. However, it is also imperative
that the student body should not lose sight of the
primary issue. When small “sore points“ are allow-
ed to take precedence, nothing is accomplished.

It is our belief that the State College tendency
to bicker over insignificant points has been aggra-
vated by the abnormal situation created by the war.
Naturally, it's easy to blame almost everything on
the war. But certainly. when there war a fairly on-
durable ratio at State, there were no drastic steps
taken to abolish this, modcrnizc that. revise the
other (with apologies to l’vt. licrnard Skolsky).
We had other things to do.

Some of thc scrvicc men who have followcd thc
asscinbly cvcnls of the last two wccks have cx-
prcsscd thcir opinion thus: "It rcally docsn‘t make
much dillct’t'llt‘r how much you shake things up:
well changc it all back to suit its whcn we come
back." Sitch a statcmcnt shows clcarly that our
fellows rcalizc that much of this lanlarc is doc to
abnormal circumstanch it should also prcscnl i
dcfinitc challcngc to us. Our aim should bc not to
changc somcllting just for thc sakc of having sonic—
thing to do. Instr-ad, our aim should bc to build a
bcttcr organ of studcnt govcrnmcnt. to discuss plans
and rcvisions constriictivcly, so that wc can prcscnt
to thcm a morc pi-rl'cit organization than IIlt‘ onc
thcy lclt, II >Iltll|ItI Ill‘ :1 tnaltcr of pcrsonal pi'iIlc to
IIIIN' who arc intcrcstcd in Siatc, who bclicvc Ill
democracy. it has bccn m’iitI that only l'. of Stati-
cxprcsscs itsclf; if this is lruc, it is ccrtainly litm-
for thc silt-tit Ul)‘. to spciik. Studcnt goycrnnicnt
should bc llltl'I participation not a division of
thc ill) and onc.

I.t-t's not givc ycnt to frustration and its tilllwtll'l
rcntcdial Incasiircs by tearing down blindly. l.ct
its, rathcr. look at our studcnt ngcrnniI-nt and lln
agcncics analytically and objcctivcly. and build. on
a solid 27—ycar old foundation, somcthing that is
t‘tillt'l't'lt‘ and Incaningful. Soon-thing, inoi'covcr,
that we can prcscnt with pridc to future studcnt
bodics; somcthing that wc can titrn ovI-r with con—
fidcnrc to those Staic incn in tltc scrvicc who look
to us at home for preservation of thosi- dcmocratic
ideals that all of us believe in.

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1944

The Pendulum Swings

by Joan Berbrich

A parallel between the year 1776 in the history of America and 1944
in State College may someday be drawn—this year, a new party, which
will be called the Independent Progressive Party, will begin its existence
in State. This new organization, initiated and organized by Cis
Goldberger, ’45, will have unlimited membership and will be open to
all State students. non-sorority or otherwise.

The purpose of the organization is to form a united political group
to back and encourage independent candidates as well as sorority candidates
for student offices and position. For a number of years few nominations
of non-sorority students nave been made due to a general air of defeatism
that has existed among the independents. Also, the question of whether
a girl is in the right sorority has sometimes played a part in her eventual
success or failure when running for an office. Through this organization,
to which anyone may belong. it is hoped that the candidates for an office
will conduct a wider and more extensive campaign to make themselves
known to the entire student body. A more intelligent and less partisan
vote may then be expected. The school will thus be assured of having
officers who represent the entire student association and not Just a small
homogenous group.

In the first meeting of the organization which will be held in Room 20
at 3:30 P.M.. Monday, a Constitution will be discussed, general policies
planned, and an affair similar to the Big Ten events decided upon. Based
on a Negro theme, the show will be a choral reading directed and acted by
members of the Independent Progressive Party. probably on April 21. Pro-
ceeds from the show will go into a common fund together with the results of
the original Big Ten.

Coming as a result of gathering discontent among many individuals of
the student body. this organization, Miss Goldberger feels, has a definite
and important place to fill in the politics, government, and representation
of State College.

Lack of student interest in school affairs has been lamented a great
deal this year. The main point seems to have been that the majority of
students not belonging to a sorority or a fraternity did not have any
bonds or any means of gaining information on vital questions in the school.
Therefore their disinterest grew out of a feeling of impotency because
these students felt that politics were beyond their control. The power
naturally fell into the hands of a few.

Now a new political party is being formed. one which can voice the
feelings of these same students and can translate them into action.

 

 

mu

 

 

by RIIONA RYAN

This column will be in the nature Clare Hoffmani getting apoplectic
of an experiment. I don't know about Winchell and the FBI. Mr.
how it will turn out myself. Hoffman is afraid his followers

Right here at my Side' on my desk won't get freedom of speech. Mr.
in the News office. is a Hearst paper Hommm' . however' woum like
_the Albany Ti,,ne‘,‘__Um-m,. Iim Walter Winchell to be deprived of
going to read it, and title my same free speech (Clare has never
column, “Straws in the Wind... You been noted for his logic). The story
see, having. worked for a broadcast_ is all pretticd up with lots of quotes
mg Station I was around when from Hoffman's frenzied oratorym
Hearst sent out his little statement It . probably went over big With
that “Norm star». was to be labeled William Randolph. But he's in a
Bolshevik propaganda. \Vith some strained situation, with Winchell
interest. Pve been following his his top columnist fit will be inter-
notes to his editors, which seem to mung to so“ What happens'
be building tip into a deliberate Here's a good headline: “Bricker
campaiin to smear, howcvcrsubtly, Acclaimed at Boston U. Core-
21 great and brave ally. That's the momma" I’IOOI‘M’I Bl'iCkCl'. I re-
sort of game that's most vicious— member, was the one who handled
this sneaking "slanted" editorial- the relief situation so badly, when
ism, which confuses issues and con- one-third of Cleveland was starv-
ceals the truth. The world of news ing. lover-nor Brickcr was asked
reporters, of which iwasa part this to define what he meant by his
year at the station, is watching “dynamic economy." He replied
Hearst with some interest. that it meant an cconomy based on
a full production with “rewards to
industry in III‘IIIN of profit" iitalics
are my ownl. The Union League
and thc National Association of
Manufacturers are going to [on
.lohn.

So l'm opening my pnpcr now.
I‘d like you to read it with me.
and sec if there is some pattern in
the reporting of news a la Hearst.
Ah! Here's a headline remember
i haven't seen the paper myself yct

“litirciittcrats Promote Commun- Uil lhl‘ cdiloriitl page, which is
ism. Solon Says" the solon in mild this morning drill wcck~cnd
question bcing one of thc Mitlwcst- Ul' Sillllt'lllilltl “'0 find llizll llic
crti lieprcscntutivcs, liitslicy of cditor is against ()l’i\ pricc cciliiigs
Illinois. Mr. liiishcy has just been and thc food subsidy program. ’l‘hc
struck with an idea, It's t)('— (‘tIIlUl' says that lhcsc bills for sub—
currcIl to hint (one of those history— sidics nitd "othcr obit-ctionitblc :tiid
fraught monicntsi thnt ltuosiii may llilrliil'ill policics of the ()I’A" arc
bc controlling it good part of I‘last- Ilt‘llll-l llllb'llt'il “5' il llllllill'llN I” (it'll‘
crn I‘illl'tijlt' iIl'tI-r thc- \\';n-, Mr, grcss. which is qucstionablc and
liushcy says millions of Americans dillliit‘l'ull-‘i tllllllili'lly. Uilc WHIHII‘l'S
oi I'Iit'cigti Ilil'lIl lll't' i'I-tn'i'ni of thc just how many of lllc (‘onarcssim-n
prospcct h‘incc lIlt'_\"i't' Allli-l'lt‘ttllis“ linvc the training nnd knowlcdgc
I tnysclf don't scc why lltI-y should to bc :tiitlioritics on tinti—iitt'liitiIni
worry too much what thclr conniry— Illl'ilhllrch ll Iiltll’ \\'cll bc only
inI-n hack lioinc Ilccidc to do Ill IIHHUI'IU' "till llllli lllli‘llliu‘lllil' Ii
picbincilcn Mr. Iiiislicy Ilocsii'l give Ioiild bc :I tritinn that only It llllliIll
any .xltlllhllt'h, cilhcr pcoplc likc it,\’ of (‘ongrcns cnn lllIIi intclligt ntr
Hitslicy liuy‘I- :1 [inc mil-clogs IIIH l_\' IIII lllll/ IllitIIt‘l' ol llt'llltllllll llIl*
icgard lot limiting facts. Mr. Imi‘l
lilihhvr :Ilw rim-lurch that problem \\'I-ll no. was ;. Iitilici' IjltlI-l sI-n
INHII l’“~“lll‘l“-‘i “l'i‘ “IUIIILIHH ltll' t'tillliillll'll lssitc for n Ilctti'si pnjn r
“HM” l'illlll'l' llll'“ 1“““l'll'1lv "m It wasn't :xllt'II :I good cxpcriniciit,
lIl'tll', I thought that old ('Ilt‘hlllltl “Hp,- ,,jj “up ] mink jj,,.,-,. “Tn.
‘Wilﬁvdl'élil “lid will!" M" “llhl'i‘i’ cnough "draws in thc wind" so
In l'Vllll'llllN “"1‘ “I “Ill-“l” I'i'UI‘I“ “It” tltitl tilti' could spot tIlc Ilii'cclloii ll
Siiilllwil lllll’lllllltl l't‘Sl'HlllIlllté H \\'lt:\ blowing You might follow thc
mental procI-ss bitch in thc llnrding “pimp” my”. if M,” ,iml'j 1m“,
administration. lint llcarst thinks “Hymn” mile,- 1“ ,1“ “ml ,1
“'5' illllilll'lillll “1””th it” it l'lillll‘l'“ wouldn't be hard to find somcthlng
hl’l'i’ll‘l- bcttcr. You might just follow it

Then thcrc's It definitely slanted l-l'l'i‘ill “till-“i INN” “lilo ili'Ol'lIh‘. lU
story about Hoffman tIlI-nr, diur IJU it'll“. “5 ll-‘illtd-

400111941 4%“

by Buetow

 

We are the audience. We haven’t graduated from
A.D., nor can we imitate the double-edged throats and
neat bayonet work characteristic of the State College
dramatic critic.

STATE COLLEGE News, Feb. 26‘, 1943

As the above plebians so ably stated their case a
year ago, so I. too, as strictly from hunger and the
fact that one Rhona Ryan was otherwise employed
Tuesday night. But, though I have been adjudged a
poor choice by those-who-know, I shall endeavor to
use more Soph intellect to full advantage.

The first play of the evening, directed by Barbara
Putnam, was an English comedy of the 1900‘s. And a.
very neat job that, Miss Putnam. Would that more
directors spend as much time on their productions.
Her assistants, too, deserve credit for the set, lighting,
and costumes.

To Teddy Fine and Kippy Marsh go dramatics
honors of the week. Both gave more than adequate
performances. My only wish is that Kippy had been
on the stage more often; she actually seemed the
pathetic wife, stifled by male cgotism. As for Teddy
«this is the first time I have seen her on the Page
Hall stage, and at this point my enthusiasm knows
no bounds. She was perfectly at ease; every gesture
came naturally and had meaning. I have but one
criticism to offer, and that a minor one: her accent:
was a bit spotty and amateurish. That, however. is a
point for all dramatic aspirants to remember.

Jack Dorn was merely acceptable in his portrayal
of the husband whose desire for material success
suffocated the personalities of those with whom he
came in contact. Unfortunately, Dorn must yet; con—
qucr the nervousness resulting in hand clutching and
awkward stage movement. And perhaps his hesitancy
would vanish if he learned and remembered dialogue
cues.

Pat Mulcahy's play, "Squaw \Vinter.‘ was a tragedy
set in a New England farming community. Whether
the play itself was bad, or whether it. lacked the
proper amount of direction, it remained a rather sad
affair. The characters were. for the most part. unreal;
the actors merely sticks planted on the stage. refusing
the response that: is so essential.

Martha Joyce was perhaps the most convincing
actress on the stage, but even she was inconsistent.
At times she was too strong for a sick woman. and
her final insane urge was under-emoted. One did not
become engrossed in the mood of fear that supposedly
was pervading the stage.

Here are a few pleas which I fervently hope shall
be treated with respect: that chairs and hassocks be
arranged with the sight line in mind; that stage diction
be clear; that dresses of middle-aged women be the
same length; and that curtains be pulled promptly.

CommunICation Weekly Bulletin

i do not care if i am a \IJII'I‘II IT ll.’ll'|I'~ IIIIil 1..
student or a faculty l'c i'I‘cwIIII-Il in (minnow
member i would just as "‘ \"“"””“ 'lt'“ "l “'l”

I \
soon pay full tax even 1""
double tax than have all

.\liIrI-li IN linI-rrarxiiv
this noise and commo- """l-“'i”“ 1"t“"'\\'>lllit t'ilib
tion about me who am ,l'flilflf ‘;!"'” """."i“.‘:" i.“ '1'"
not worthy i do not need l'l,:,,,li I,‘,””\i'.',,,,‘"|.\:,"“';i:";,i'
sympathy and no one linguin ot' pilrsouircl lII'Iilll'l'
has to usher me to a n. n: or Hanoi-jg |.;i,...,..i,.
scat i can always crawl ""l'Il'IHIr In girc .oiIiI-i-M
into harry wurtz’s trous- \Ill'l‘ll l\ NI‘.\ 1......“ pm
or legs anyway i get a lot .vI \\'I-flingion IIIIIII] ,4. on;
of sleep and food in be- |'--\| .\I 7 :lo l'.\l. IIlI-
tween classes living in a F""”'.' """"‘ l" lllﬂlc “will
empty but noisy place ”.' "'“f'” HI'H '3‘“ '“"""
called the ob. which is WI“

always filled with rodent ‘l'm'l' 1‘ ll'l-Ilc I'uliiwil

like creatures to hour will" H ill'rul'ﬂ. ili‘l'llwll'“
kilc t-Ilk ‘lIltI (0 ' ' u!“ H “H \ Vb SM.
y t I l “I “9 will uphold :it'lirniiliiu- in

always i am not sure i Iojiic n.-...i\.-.i ’ri...

, H , I'nill-I
“'1” stay here it things do sun... on...” ,....,|...,.,,.,. ,;,
not get settled what with Hinton“: ind |il.lIlIl.|llI

1.3.2,“ and kilo), “ml till: .ill in'Ii'n.Iiion.i| porn-w
marsh y cll ing a n d ""4"" """" "‘1‘ 'l"""“
screaming at cacti othcr \III'I'II :.'I| ItII|~-|II-iiI|IIit
and cvcrything not to l’c'l'l.‘ lr'i'lr 'lI II in ~'
mcntion myskaitin pro« ,‘l”"""“"“ “’3” l' \l "‘ “""l"
blcins indcpcndcnts and ‘i'
should anybody hold a
major office i am rapidly
losing fur and weight i
think i will go t'clinc-
foolish if thcy do not
lcnvc Inc nloitc licsidcs
wlint dift'crcncc docs it
tnnkc if Ilt‘:ll':d sits all
nlottc in suit sinicon and “Mi 3’ \“H'W i In"
V ll',II" ||I"Illl ’\\I]IIli
bloods l linvc a bi'otllci' I'|‘_'I Il-l toll ill on: I
Wilt) Itllln llltlc IiiI'IIH lIiii ‘ il' l' ‘1 I‘ll” \ll ‘ " '
and docs nnyonc care if ' ‘ '
ln- broods but i Ilkc ryIIn .
shc is nlcc to dumb tilll~ . . . eril . .i i 
ni.tls look how swcci sln- 1‘ I I ‘ ‘
is to liilcy i gitcss t'l'ltll- win . 'I \ .
Ilnll .‘tlltI i :irc both toori- I lII-l ‘ ll  ‘1
Ilt‘l'h iciin't lypc too good “  ' '
llt_\ lII'l‘-\':\ ;:ct in thc \vnyl ,,. ,, .
only i filllltl i don't know .iioi. ll \ \l
:Inylhiitg about it i wish "I "l “"3 "' l ‘
l Iould say i am pust " ‘ '
liltiwllltli'tl it is llic latI-st _ ..
thing Ill I'oinplcxcs bill «It:
I t‘UlIIlI any i itlll just ,jl, .‘ , , ‘v, \,,,,,,,,,
cvcrydny :illcy kill who - . . omi tlllllllI :-
witiils to bc pcaI-ci’til wlmt “‘ H """l" "' """ l "“
this placc iiccds is it "i IM‘M“ "" ll" ""“il
bloody rcvolulion ill,‘ \vl'" h-W I “III” 5m"
- - i-.Iiio M Il’lltt lx-iwn.
Iiiilllt‘l'ilil. \\‘|| Ill'illI illIIItII‘lll‘I~ I'ii
III\ and Niliiinln .IilIl
“kw the noon \I'loi' \|.I- .IiiII t'oin
III-"M i'i‘.‘.‘.I-'."".‘. “Fill?  ‘. 
IIIIIIU iit'IuIltlast .ll \I‘\\|tl.til ||:ill

\I.l|'4il _"t \\'.Ii' .\I'lI\IlII‘
Ionic-ll in up.“ Illlir in]
oil t...l.. I c'mn l..v\--
\\ll In j.l ..
I'l'IIHI

 

\IlI'I t ’.'| liiillllll l I i .iilu
on ‘.n-_; In Itotn. ‘_'III‘. I.
ltr l||ll

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1944

 

 

 

Literary Contest
To Close May 5

Dr. Shields McIlwaine, Professor

of English and director of this year's

Leah Lovenheim contest, announces

-that the deadline for submitting

manuscripts is May 5. The liter-
ature called for includes stories,
poems. and essays. The contest is

open to all undergraduate students

of the College.

This year, the $25 prize will be
divided as follows: $5 for the best
poem; $10 for the best short story;
and $10 for the best piece of non-
fiction. The $25 is contributed each
year by Mr. Jerome Lovenheim, Ain-
sterdam attorney, in honor of his
mother. Leah Lovenheim, an alumna
of State College. This year is the
twenty-first year in which the con-
test has been held.

In the non-fiction category fall
personal essays and biographical
sketches or portraits. Last year. only
thirty-two non-fiction manuscripts
were submitted. According to Dr. Mc-
Ilwalne. there should be at least fifty
non-fiction papers to intensify com-
petition. and he hopes that more
interest will be shown in this type
of literature for the 1944 contest.

Miss Vivian Hopkins and Miss
Dorothy Koch. both instructors in
English, will be judges of the short
stories and the lion-fiction manti-
scripts. respectively: and Dr. Mc-
Ilwaine will judge the poetry.

There are no definite restrictions
as to the form of writing or the
lcngth of the manuscripts. Any
further information regarding the
contest will be posted on the bulletin
boards.

Operetta Directors
Announce Committees

Committees for “The Mikado,"
Music Council opcretta to be pre-
sented March 30 and 31, have been
released by Elaine Drooz and Edna
Marsh. Juniors, CO-(III‘CCIOI‘S of the
musical.

The committees are as follows:
Tickets. Jean 0. Snow and Mary D.
Aldcn, Juniors: Ushers. Eunice Wood.
’45, and Mary L. Casey, ‘46: Pub-
licity and Programs, Elaine Drooz,
’45; Sets and Lights, Grace Schultz,
’45. Chairman: Fred Shoemaker, '44.
Eileen Moody, ‘46, Marianne Davis.
'45. and Dr. Hardy’s Stagccraft
class; Make—up, Claire Schwartz. ‘45,
Chairman, and Irene Heck, ‘45; Cos—
tumes. Lucille Kenny. '45. Chairman.
and Margaret Schlott. ‘45.

Included in the cast are: Jean
Chapman Snow. '45. as Yum-Yum:
Janet. Dominic. ‘45. as Peep-Bo:
Jane Southwick, '44. Putt-Sing;
Mary D. Alden, '45, Katisha; Charles
Turcotte, '44, Ko-Ko: Davc Kroman.
Schenectady, Pooh—Bali: Thcodnrc
Aklllllfl, Troy, Nanki-Poo; Waldemar
Block, ‘47. its Fish-Tush; Joscphlnc
Simon, '-l;3. thc Uiill)l'cllu-Bcar:*l‘;
and John Dorn. ’47, iln ihc Mikado.

Following tllc suggestion of Dr.
Charles Stokcs. Assistant I’i'Jit'ssIn'
of Music. tltc Hialc (‘nllI-gc ()rcli-
I'stra will accompany lllc cast. 'l‘hi-~
is tlic first tnnc in thc history ot
Stiltc‘s Opcrclta prcscntation. that
tho ()rchcstrit will pariicipnlc

 

Pontoon Plays Part
In Frosh Stamp Drive

“Would you trust your boy-
friend's life in this sad-sack
canoe?

With words. like these, the
Fresh have opened their first
week at the Stamp Booth in low-
er hall Draper. For the first
couple of days, the Stamp Booth
had been just the same old place
to gather at with some friends
and chat—a place where money
remained securely concealedl

Then some Gremlin received a
brainstorm froth Heavenl—and
prestolmmoney began to flow. . .
Above the Stamp Booth, in a
position perilously dangerous to
the patriotic seller, hangs a rub-
ber boat — perhaps, it's a pon-
toon! It's the kind of a raft that
Rickenbacker used. the type that
has saved hundreds of lives,
but it's falling apart with age!
New ones are needed—now!

The Frosh cry has worked like
a charm! People flock around
the booth like bees around flow-
crs — and what is more — they

 

produce the jingllng coins!

We Object

We of the Smart: COLLEGE News
are tirch of filling up space, listen-
ing to the quibblings of students
who criticize the paper line by line,
and slaving on Tuesday and Wed-
nesday nights. We hereby declare
our pet. gripes on this snowy night
of March:

Baxter and Stengel—Peoplc who
shout in assembly. “contrary to the
flaws!"

Kippy Marsh—People who ignore
the sign outsicle of the PC. on
Thursday.

Sunna Cooper—People who kick
around the word democracy, ignor-
ing in real life its actual connota-
tions.

Women’s Sports Dept. — Guess
who???

Betty LeFaro — People who say
ordinary things in profound solem-
nity—see what I mean?

Marie Scudder — Fellotvs who
“know they'll be. going to lntcrso-
rority Ball" but. don‘t know who‘s
going to ask them.

Betty O‘Neil —~ People who give
incomplete and incorrect. informa-
tion to thc Soph Desk Editors.

Why don‘t. YOU conic in the PO.
and pu‘. out the News for one week?

 

 

Daly Named Literary Editor

John Ilnly, '-lcl, has bccn appointed
lltcriti'y cditor of tlic I’rinu'r.

The staff of the magazine has sci
the deadline for all material at
March .‘ii. All students nrc urged
to hand in mnicrinl. which may in-
cludc poctry. witty vcrsc. essays.
and short stories. The material
may Ilt' ltnndcd in to ally member
of IIll' l’i'iinI I' stuff.

D8IA Replaces Treasurer

i\l:n'lliu Hprcnucr. '45, has bccn
t'It‘t‘lt'tI 'l'rcasurcr of thc Dramatics
and Art (‘ouncil Hln' will rcplacc
litilh ilincs. '-l:”i, who is planning to
join the \\',\I‘

Fun, Frolic, Formal - And Men

In Intersorority Plans For Big Ten

-—--—------b_\ IIcllj o'NI-it

li'iili I.It tliIIllIIlf Ill/till! ll'iIlII

it it :i Itlcain" Wcll. \t“. and no
It's Hull l-.ll. liInlI‘llei-iuuiilllt‘wu
.‘iI'Illi'ItlIlIl.lI il.|ll(‘t‘ Ili.il HtatI'
woinI n how bccn (Ilt‘.|l|lllll', ot :wltitt'
oh. i Ilill“ .l'I \ylnn lcin. wcrc
\\lllllI‘.l .tltllillt. the \\.I‘~.t'tl tlooi .il
.l‘ ill' ilrc il.til‘tI t‘i lltllltlllit til (inn

lii‘ii lIIleli‘y t'oiii:cl| will llIIIIt‘ ll
IIlt' Il' l‘lll‘ ill III lln- I.lllll’vl|l'll lt‘tl
.Ind illlllll‘ t Ili.ilt‘ oi :itatc with
Nllllllil‘l '. oi ihc lit-v ‘l'cii lntcr-
,‘wllltlli‘h llop l"ioin it l’ .\l to l :\
M ii,1.‘i.iti.|Ii.i\ «pill 1 lltI' i‘oin—
Ill-ill .llltI (i\ltl will bc llIIt‘tl \\l|ll
llltl ic .InIl incn

.‘\II IiIllti;1 Ill IIt‘IlIi Illlli‘lti'l’. VI-I,
I’l'i‘.‘itlt'ill ol Illll'l'xtil'tllll) (‘onncll
and ptI-ncinl I‘Iittll‘llitlll of tlic Hop.
1111'“ trom lit'lz'lllltil‘llllf, collcgcs will
attcnd, tliosc in mntorm Ill‘lllj; aIi—
iiiiiicd ircc ot cliurgc.

Arnold “town and his orchcsti'a
Will brat it out in the Gym, whilc
'I'()lllliij llorscy, (licn Miller, and

 

otlicr titanic—bands. yin thc "Vic". will
ttiintsh dnncc music Ill tlic Coili—
monu 'l‘ln- l.onngc will hc opcnctl
to lltIisI- lilt.',lll\'t‘h ll'tllll tllt‘il' l'ci-l.

Adding to tln- guy illlllti‘dlllt‘l‘i'
piotnlcd in music. inch. and lloiiltc—
lII' lormals. lltc dccol‘ationn will
portray ihc scone ot a Mariti~tlrus
'lII till Ill :I mun/I its Iclio Illlllt'llf (1/
HM .‘l/Iiii/I-(lins.

in kccpinc, with ('lll‘l'l‘lll pi'articcs.
th.- (‘onnnillrc oi lloslcmcs who will
ElI't‘l lllt‘ i‘,ilt‘.\"~. will |)l'tl\‘ltlc ltii'
Iqiial Ilisiiilniiioi oi I-ligiblc malcs

.i\n ill\'ll;tlliitt to all cnioyablc
I'\‘lllltf.:. a ‘i an uppcal tor tln'
\\ll(‘Il'-Ilt‘.ll'lt'tl >upport ol Nnmbcr 7
ol ihc Big 'l‘cn. ui'c cxlciidcd to
I-rIryoitc. 'l‘hc price (it admission ir.
only '77 cI-nts. llcsldcs music and
nn-n. thcrc will bc citlcrtalnmcnl
during the mtcrmission and re—
trcshnicnts.

Will any Statc womcn be an
April fool and not attend? It's the
chance of a wartime.

Debate Council
To Hold Tryouts

State to Meet Hobart
In Debate Tomorrow

Spring try-outs for the Varsity
debate teams and Debate Council
will be held next Wednesday in Dr.
Hardy's office, second floor Draper,
between 11 P. M. and 1:30 P. M.
Try-outs are for Freshmen, Sopho-
mores. and Juniors, :1 special em-
phasis being placed on upperclass-
men.

Students trying out at this time
should have prepared a two-minute
speech on some phase of post-war
planning. The speech may deal with
the political, economic, social, or
cultural angle of the post-war world.
or with any other phase. Speeches
will be judged. not so much on con-
tent. as on presentation.

These try-outs are essential to
any student who desires to partici-
pate in formal debating or panel
discussions next year. chntc Coun-
cil, which has been reorganized this
year, is near the completion of an
active schedule. Varsity dcbutcs
have to date met. such tennis as
Midcllrbury. Union, Cornell, and
several others. and hail several
debates scheduled which \vorc cati-
celled. usually due to poor trans-
portation facilities.

Several intramural debates or dis-
cussions are still to be held. and a
debate with Hobart. is scheduled for
tomorrow. The intraimirnl debate.
which was to have been held in
assembly last Friday. was ‘anccllcd
in order to hold a busincss meeting.

Dr. William Hardy. the present
faculty advisor of Debate Council.
plans to leave for tho service within
a short llmc. Dr. Hardy's successor
hits not yct. been announced.

Continuing thc scheduled program
of cicbatcs with various colleges.
members of Debate Council will
participate in a formal discussion
with Hobart V-12's tomorrow night
at, 8 PM. in thc Lounge.

Rosario Trusso. '45. and Jean
Grodcn. ‘46, wt] dcfond the affirma-
tive of the question. Resolved: The
United States should cooperate in
establishing and maintaining an
intcrnntlmtal police force upon Axis
dct'cnt.

After the ten-minute speeches and
panel discussion by both Hobart and
State tennis, there will be an open
discussion in which spectators may
participate.

SEB Releases Names
Of Appointed Seniors

Miss Doris Kelly. director of the
Student. Employment Bureau. has
rclcascd the names of several Seniors
who tr.th received teaching appoint—
mcnts during thc past week. Miss
KI-lly rcqucsts that all registrants
of thc SEE should inform hcr of any
changes in classcs or room numbers.

The following Scniors who liavc
rcccivcd appointments arc: Eunice
Baird, English, East Springl'icld:
Annc Murphy. Social Studies and
Spanish. East Springt‘icld: Edith
llcard. (,‘ommcrcc. chslcr; l-lclcn
llaprix. (‘ointncrcc. Vunhorncsvillc:
t‘II-rulthnc Mcrhol't. I‘llitillsll and
ﬁru'llll Studios. ’l‘rmnnnslnirg: Kath—
crtnc Lyons, (‘tlllllllt'l't‘t'. lntcrlakcii.

RIOE ALLEYS

\\'rslcrn .\ Quail
inc :1 5..',2tllli' tor school lcngucs
troni it A .\l. to it PM.

 

 

  

Men

at

4’!

To many of Its there comes a time when the road which we will take
becomes hard and rugged and we wonder if somewhere, we failed to turn
at the right signpost. To others of us there is only one direction in which
we can move and stirred by an inner compulsion we ﬁght on in that
direction.

In sortie of us there remains a faith in the worthineSS of man and
a compunction to fight. for the maintenance of his freedom. Others of
us are tortured by fears and doubts and feel that man is exploited by
man and that phrases which lead us into dark and devious ways are but
empty phrases.

This struggle is common to both sexes. In our armies are many types
of men, seine who wonder and others who are conﬁdent. In our homes
are girls who ask themselves if they must help their own by ﬁghting
side by side or if their job lies at home. Others are supremely conﬁdent
in the decision which they have reached, prompted by ideals and clear
thinking.

To those of us who are tortured by disbelief and doubt, there is
comfort in the steadfastness of the sure in heart.

Ill tribute to R. H.

       

 

 

by KIPI’Y MARS"

   
    
       
      
        
          
      
     
          
        
         
    
        
       
        
        
     
       
         
       

l'l‘ SEEMS THAT . . . .

We did see Marshall Ackerman around school a little, a la Ryan . . . .
Marshall sent word that he is in Camp Campbell, Kentucky, in the armor-
cd division . . . . the fate of an ASTP boy . . . . There are rumors around
school that Dr. IIardy will “na"be here long . . . . And that Elaine Grogran
is missus . . . And from other sources that . . . . George Kuna may go to
DOS school . . . .Capt. Dennis Bole is the base adjutant at Drew Field,
Tampa. a “combination of being Dean, Dean of Women, and head janitor"
. . . . Mike Gross is at the adjutant general school in Washington, working
on censorship . . . . Down at Fort Mead. Maryland as clerk recorder in
the Judge Advocate General's office is Cpl. Ettore Gradoni . . . Sgt. Louis
Fink is still in Africa with the Machine Records unit, guess what that is
. . . . Gil Snyder is in the Air Corps at Charleston, South Carolina . . . .
Louis Greenspan has gone to Fresno. California . . . . He is now a looie . . . .
John Ralph Tibbetts sent from Miami Beach to Niagara University . . . .

         
          
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
    
    
  
  
   
  
     
      
        
     
      
       
  
    
   
   
    
 

SUBCONSCIOUS HUMOR DEP’T.

This yen to gaze into the crystal ball. a longing gathered from the illus-
trious Kiley. sooner or later hits everyone . . . . Since the G. B. of the
PO. has adequately taken care of the rest of the semester we shall ven-
ture to forecast for the coming year. . . .

1. There will be a new freshman class.

2. Kiley will content himself with writing scathing letters to the
editor.

3. Residence Council will revise its rules.

4. Half the faculty will leaVe school and the other half will commit
suicide or murder.

Sotneonc will get up in Assembly and ask for the 67th time in
that. hour what the previous question is.

(:1

G. The freshmen will lose rivalry.

’7. Seniors will scream about practice teaching.

8. Juniors will scream about Methods classes.

9. Sophomores will scream about Ed. 10 classes.

10. Freshmen will just. scream.

11. 8 Senior girls will bowl madly for three hours before graduation
so they can gct a diploma.

12. Ryan will write a derogatory letter to the columnist. References
will be made to flt'l' fan mail.

3. Somconc will get up in Assembly and say “Contrary to the State
College Ncws."

_.

 

Intervaisity Fellowship Meets

All students are invited to a meet-
ing in the (irccn Room of the Well—
ington Hotel tomorrow night at 8
PM. lntcrvarsity Christian Fellow—
ship (‘lub will sponsor an address by
1th). ilugcn.

OTTO II. MENOE

Tiir Cot LEGE JI.WI;LI:H

GOOD FOOD

 

lit a Friendly,
Comfortable

At mos ihcrc
103 CENTRAL AVE 1

 

 

HOLSIIM

J. L. KIMMEY BAKERY

 

KIMMEY’S BREA

l\’l.lIIl'I.\'—j\l.~\lll \\'lllII.-\’l‘
llt)l.St'l\l (‘llAt‘lx’lClt WHEAT
(DELICIOUS TOASTED)

W.

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

  
   
   
    
    
    

t WHITE BREAD)

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

       

