    
   
  

   
   

 

 

 

PAGE 4

 

 

p-

 

Bert Kiley

Well here we are, right in the
midst of the Sophomore issue. We
find the whole thing rather pleas-
ant. Being the perennial Sopho-
mores. we take the Occasion to wal-
low in some gay young thoughts.

We recall being quite thrilled
when we were a mere freshman.
when a girl called us Sophomorlc.

Looking back now, and looking
ahead to a time when we shall be
looking back some more, We feel
that our own Sophomore year was
the one which We recall with the
most nostalgia.

’41-’42 Tops

That was the four-year peak of
State's athletics — the year State
beat St. Lawrence. St. Michael’s.
and RPI. We can’t recall what the
tennis and cross-country squads did.
but the golf team only lost two
matches.

The intramural program was solid
that year. with all three leagues be-
ing strong. Competition was ex-
tremely stiff in the gym classes.

If we may be permitted to digress
a mite. we’d like to recall just one
or two other things that seem par-
ticularly pleasant about our Sopho-
more days: cutting an extremely
lymphatic cat the Monday after a
very joyous Easter; singing Re-
member Pearl Harbor at a KDR vic
party; wading through the snow at
the fraternity round-robin.

Ah well. enough egocentricity. Let
us dwell lightly upon those mighty
men of '46. Their sojourn at State
was unfortunately cut short by the
fortunes of war; but we doff our
Dobbs to their memory.

Mighty Men

Who could soon forget Terrible
Terry Smythe? Terry, the husky
boy who played a mean game of
end and really socked a softball.
Sussina's (’45) block on Terry has
already been alluded to in this pil-
lar. In fact. when the news came
out about the paratroopers being
shot down, there was a theory that
the whole thing was the work of
Terry, gunning for John.

And then there was Walt Cum-
mins. who played a nice game of
center and who is purported to
have brought “crud” to State.

And of course Jim Howarth. Curt
Sook and Don Kircher, good Ram-
blers all.

The way Dan Gillen got around
with a game leg was something to
behold. We can still see Mike Gan-
akas rolling over the '45ers in push-
ball. Pete Porcino threw a nice
block. Tricky Jim Ryan manipulat-
ed a mean hip on a basketball court.
Red Timpane in the Commons.

As is inevitable. we have a favor-
ite—our boy. Marty Bortnick. Mar-
ty was one of those big, good-look-
ing guys. whom everyone likes.
Marty wielded a mean pool cue and
played a fair game of football. We
insist that as a basketball player he
smelled, but he was a dead-eye and
hit over 20 points a couple of times
Marty got whisked away before
softball started. Nice guy. Marty——
too bad he joined KDR.

Be good little soldiers and sailors.
boys. Be back soon.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APlRL 28, 1944

Slate's Sluggers Basketball Season Closes;

Sports Well-Attended

Crush .l. C. A. C.

By George W. Hess——

We would like to clear up a point
that has been bothering us since last
Sunday. It was stated on.this page
that a softball game would be held
on the dorm field. There are three
reasons, given by Mrs. Brimmer, why
it was not held there.

1. Permission had not been grant-
ed for a game.

2. The field was too wet to be
used.

3. Games should not be played on
Sunday.

The inmates of both big dorms
and also the men of the Annex had
been playing there all week with no
ill effects to the field. As a conse-
quence. the two teams moved over
to the slime of Beverwyck Park and
Went ahead with Proceedings.

John Coulter’s Newton Hook A. C.
was a potent looking bunch of boys.
They were fresh from a 22-21 win
over a Mexican team and were all
set to add the State scalp to their
collective belts. Maybe it was the
mud. maybe it was the umpiring of
your old By-liner. but whatever it
was the State team came up with
a sparkling 4-3 victory.

Fast Start

Coulter's Boys. being the visitor.
opened the game and almost won it
right there. They scored one run
and came close to scoring more.
Coulter himself ended the inning by
lining to Pike who doubled another
A. C. man who had wandered too
far off second base. The Teachers
could do absolutely nothing against
the slants of the A.C. hurler. The
one exception being Pike who ne-
glected to run out what he thought
was a sure hit and the throw beat
him to first base by a good six
steps.

It wasn't until the home half of
the fourth inning that the Teachers
were able to score. In this frame
they crushed over three markers on
some lusty clubbing by Kiley. Web-
ber and Dickinson. Baleful Bert’s
contribution was a rousing double
down the left field foul line.

The North Wind Doth Blow

The game settled down and no
one scored for a couple of innings.
This period of comparative quiet was
spiced by general cursing of the
elements and the umpiring. This
last bit of griping was not appreci—
ated in certain quarters.

In the sixth inning the Teachers
tallied their last run on a combina-
tion of a hit, a walk and an error.
They threatened a couple of times
after that. but were unable to score.

In the first half of the eighth the
AC. made its last serious bid. Kiley
seemed to falter a bit at this point
and the tail-end of the batting order
punched out two hits. A walk and
another hit shoved two runs over the
dish. Kiley strengthened and per-
mited no more denting of the rubber.

The line score:

 

R. H. E.
AC. 1 0 0 3 8
State 0 0 * 4 8
Soap Bubbles

The game was witnessed by about
15 shivering spectators from Sayles
and Pierce Halls. The Sayles gang
gave out with some rousing chccrs at
the start of the game. but as the
winds waxed. their enthusiasm wan-
d.

The regular game was followed by
a pick-up affair which found the
AC. gathering it little satisfaction
by winning 11—8.

00 3
O3 5

G

 

RIGE ALLEYS

Western & Quail
15c a game for school leagues
from 9 AM. to 6 PM.

OTTO ll. MENDE

THE COLLEGE JEWELER

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. onus.

BOULEVARD

l98—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Try Our llusincssman’s Lunch

600

DIAL 5-1913

GAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

We’ll Ride The Dusly Trail
’Tho Lafer We May Ail

Around and 'round she goes.
and where she stops—is right on
her nose! Do you envision long,
cool rides ’midst picturesque
countryside with frequent stops
beside fresh running brooks? If
you don’t, why not try out for
bike riding?

Don’t let inexperience bother
you. The only requisites are two
legs (any size) and preferably
two eyes. There are plenty of
surroundings. Besides, you run
into some of the most interesting
people on these trips.

Here is an opportunity to wear
your snazziest sports clothes, or.
if you prefer. your most dis-
reputable dungarees. You get out
to see new places and new things.
This kind of travel broadens one
no end.

Think of the wind and the rain
in your good $10.50 permanent.
Think of the healthy appetite
you can work up. Think of the
after-effects. How can you re-
sist dashing right up to the WAA
bulletin board and signing up like
mad for bike l‘ldll ..

 

 

 

Chi Sigma Theta
League Champs

In one of the wildest scrambles of
the entire basketball season. Chi Sig
emerged victorious over the speedy
Sayles sextet by a score of 29-27.
This victory ranks the Madison Ave.
squad as the league champions.

Domann Breaks the Ice

The first period got off to a slow
start with neither team doing much
scoring. Domann finally came
through and dropped two points for
her team. This seemed to set the
spark for the attack and a speedy
encounter began. Chi Sig was lead—
ing by a score of 8-1 at the end of
the first quarter. The Sayles squad
broke forth with their dynamic de-
fense led by Dann and Margot but
the Domann - Gari’all - McCormick
trio was not to be thwarted in any
attempt for a goal. Domann chalk-
ed up 18 points to lead her team to
victory. Breunig and Daly. the
spearheads on the Sayles offensive.
put forth a valiant struggle but
were held down by the persistent
Latimer and Smith. Breunig tallied
high with 19 points.

i

“.un

ml

gé / f .
a / e .

fellow men.

 

Star Players Named
Among League Teams

As the last and decisive game of
the basketball series was played off
WAA brought it‘s winter season to
a final close. This cycle of the
women's sports program was one of
the most successful we have wit-
nessed in quite some time. Each
series of contests was a display of
hard fighting and keen sportsman-
ship on the part of every team. En-
thusiasm was rampant among con-
testants and spectators alike. Prac-
tically every game was witnessed by
a crowd of enthusiastic and inter-
ested spectators cheering their
teams on to victory.

This year eleven teams were en-
tered in the league and about a
hundred girls were signed up to
play basketball for WAA credit.
This surpassed all previous records.

Outcome Unpredictable

As the season neared completion.
each game became more exciting and
the difficulty of placing the teams
increased. No one team could make
a definite claim to the title. After
a series of upsets. Chi Sig. Kappa
Delta. Psi Cam and Sayles were
locked in a fourway tie for first place.
The Chi Sig squad encountered each
of their rivals and emerged vic-
toriously to become the proud poss-
essors of the title of league champs.
Kappa Delta and Salyes tied for
second place, but this game cannot
be played off.

All-Star Team Selected

Besides the selection of the sea-
son‘s most outstanding player. WAA
has also inaugurated the appoint-
Inent of a committee to pick two all-
star teams from the squads which
contested in the league series. The
commitee stated that the players
were selected for individual prowess
and teamwork. The latter char-
acteristic constituted one of the most
important points in picking the
players for these teams.

The first team will consist of
Georgette Dunn. Flo Garfall. Leda
LaSallc, Mary Sanderson. Mary Sey-
mour and Edna Sweeney. Those who
have been chosen to play on the
second team are Marjorie Bruenig.
Rita Daly. Jean Groden. Helen Hen-
nessy. Jane Pickert. and Dot Town-
send.
bjwcency Honored

Besides the selection of two All-
Star teams. the committee has also
chosen a player who has been most
outstanding throughout the basket-
ball season. Edna Sweeney. '47. the
best "dribble snatcher" on the court.
has been awarded this honor.

 

Have (I “Coke” is the American ﬁghting nnIn's way of saying
Here's to you in every clinic. it's the high-sign of friendliness. 'l'hut's
why (local-(Zola always belongs in your icchox In home. From the
equator to the poles, (Inca-(Lola stands for l/lf’ [III/or I/ml reﬁning—-
has become the global symbol of those who wish well to their

BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY ()i‘ THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY

ALBANY (‘()('A-(‘()I.A lill’l‘TlJNl.‘ (.‘(lMl’ANY

Have 21 Coca-Cola 2:“.Skal

(HERE'S T0 YIDU)

 

Soph

Blues

McGrath and Johnston—-

For the past seven months we
have faithfully endured Byrne’s icy
stares and Kiley‘s consistent “Get
that (419*! out of here" in return
for our untiring efforts to rejuven~
ate the Sports page. However. our
unconquerable spirits have with-
stood these soul-shattering lashes
and now we have free rein on page
four.

In true Sport’s page tradition. we
refuse to write about anything that
is even remotely concerned with
sports. Since Sophomore sports
have been so outstanding all year.
we feel that it is unnecessary to re-
capitulate.

First of all, we advocate reform
in WAA. Surprise! We demand
more sports. more action, more neWS,
more hot dog roasts. more enthusi-
asm! Of course. this has been a big-
ger and better year in all respects—
a fact that is due in no small part
to the invigorating capacities of the
Sophs. Besides, we are advocates of
tradition. And an edition just isn't
complete without at least one or
two digs at WAA.

Gripes. Gripes

Among our pet gripes is the Li-
brary stairs — and on these cold
spring days. the lack of them. We
don't want an escalator. an eleva—
tor or something done in white
marble. All we want is a simple,
no-twist, no-trip, no-mangle job
which will be accessible whenever
our little hearts desire.

In some of our more fantastic
dreams we can see ourselves gliding
along in a quaint little one-horse
shay. wrapped in soft. furry blan—
kets. Ah yes. you’ve guessed, its the
WAA brain-child. that recurrent
sleigh ride. Now that really is a
fantastic dream.

Camp Johnston, Again

After diligent search we finally
found someone who had actually
been to Camp Johnston! She swears
that it actually exists. We were
considerably relieved. since every
time Byrne or Kiley are desperate
for stuff with which to fill the
sports page they print a picture of
poor. defenseless Camp Johnston.

We have been assured of an ex—
citing Spring season. during which
our girls shall probably play golf and
chess like veritable demons.

What. No Myskania Plan?

Now. we feel that we have fin-
ally. qualified as sport writers. We
have insulted the buildings. WAA.
and sports in general—and all in
one column. too. We were typing
our copy at 11:29 Wednesday night.
We were exceedingly inefficient. in
fact. we hit new heights in that de—
partment.

And so. as our little florescent
light burns down and flickers out.
we close.

 

ll 9

I, 

l
l

 

'I.
up
I‘L’I l‘
.J initial”:
I

 {I

 

 

     

©1944TheC—CCn

   

mu mu sum...
y-

Tll ii

 
  

it's natural for popular noun-u
In In'quirc frIcInlly IIlIlIIcvm-
toms. 'l‘lnu's why you ln.II
(im .14 lulu ‘1‘“L'K‘ "Cake".

 

 

 

 

443-2

ALBANY, NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1944

 

 

‘2

o:
c:
-<

i
.
a
>
-|
u
I

r

 

 

 

2.
t a
’3‘,“

VOL. xxvm Mojb '

State College Celebrates Century Mark;
Moving-Up ay Thirty-One Years Oldlseepages

State Records History
Thru 100 Years, Progress

One hundred years ago. twenty-
nine men and women—each a bit
timid. a trifle uwcd. and very cn-
thusiaslic v cnlcred lhc separate
doors of a little rchabililulcd (lcpot
building on Snuc Street. And there
it was that Stale Collcgc. as we know
it. had ils beginning . . .

It was only :1 Normle School lhcn.
in May. ill-H . . . lhc girls worc long.
full drcsscs :Ind chnuI'c bonncls. and
lhc mid-llIlh ccnlury gcnllcmcn
wcrc drcsscd in ligh‘. block brccchcs
and high whilc collars. Scporalc
doors mnrkcd “Mon” and "Womcn"
invich lhc young pcoplc into class—
rooms whcrc lhc onnI-n \‘.’f‘l'c scuch
in the front and lhc Incn in lhc
back. Mingling of lhc scxcs in lhc
classroom look place only undcr lhc
slriclcsl supcrvision.

Somc Iimc In lhosc ycnrs so long
ago, a I'cculoiion was established
lhnl slolcd lhnl gcnllcmcn of lhc
school Iniuhl yisil young ladies of
slunc only bclwccn l and 6 PM. on
SIIlurrlny afternoons. A fcw 'czn's
lnicr. lhc low was II'cmcndously
chnngcd whcn such yisiling wns
allowcd cycI'y day lil‘flll‘l' (i P.M.!
Violation of this rulc wns punishcd
by cxpulsion!

Quinqucnninl in Hill!

In 1849. William Abboll opcncd lhc
first Quinoucnniul mccling with the
words:

“Wclcomc!

wclcomc

To lhcsc lovcly hulls again."
and in n scrap book dating back
to 1849. lhcrc ncstlcs ll shch of papcr
that may be fondly fondled by lhc
Frosh of Richly-mil shch of paper on
which lIuIlch'olls nigcbl'nic formulas
m'c scribbled!

’l‘hc current concept of [caching
11s ncccplcd by lhc “modcrns” is not
quilc in harmony with lhc idcnls of
1850 ill 21 grndunlion Ihnl yI-In‘. lhc
opening song bcgnn:

"’l‘hc 'l‘cuchcr's lIlc! Inosl lllll'l'

and high!"

And pI-I'hnps lhc IIndI-I‘clnssIncII
cnn bcsl ngrcc wilh lhis bit of ycI'sc
by l‘ll‘lll‘ll'llll Whilc. llH’l:

"l"l'(llll I'oonI Io I-ooIn cnciI Inorn

wl- Itnlly spcd

Nol' tll‘f'llllll’d of Innc, IIIIlIl III:-

how hot! Ill-d!"
liul. :IIIcI' illl II I~. lhc ]il':l('lll‘l'

IcnchI-I's lll .'\lIlnI- our gI'nnd old
chIor-a. \Iho cIIn Inlh‘ :IppI'I-cInII-
lllcw' lllll':- \\l'llll‘ll llI lln- :.:nnc .\i‘ill”

‘ Wind in :llllllli’, llll‘I'~ now \\'1‘ “IN I

How lliI'-.lll|l*< cnch Ilu- ll‘ill‘lll'l"»

‘llllli' ll) )‘l'l'l'l
.\ll Iun‘. .il'l‘ \cnll (l

\\'l‘l(.'()lll(‘ ()llf’f‘ lll()l'(‘

IIInl Iln- opr'n»

llll' ill‘l'.

From tiny voices sweet; is borne

along

Upon the breeze; and now with

cheerful Inicn

Ench pupil, busy wilh his book.

is seen."

Slnic students a hundred years
ngo (lid not look forwnrd as ihcy do
today to Inid—scms and finals! In-
slcnd. III lhc cut] of cuch Icrm. n
lhrcc-dny oral csum was conducch
III which lhc gcncrul public could
nllcnd!

III 1852. Slnlc Collcgc almost died
bcforc it was fully grown sincc if
was lhcn lhnl lhc projch was almost
ubnndoncd us ll i'uilIlI'c.

.\‘tudcuis In (‘ivil War

thII lhc buglcs of lhc Union
urmy blcw in 1865. 17!) Slilll' sludcnls
I'ullicd lo lhc cull undcr lhc lcndcr—
ship of Professors Kimball 21nd
Hut-sled. As part of lhc AlAllh Ncw
York Volunlccrs. lhcsc llll'll I'uccd
from \icloI‘y lo vicloI'y. A plnquc
in honor of lhcn' dcnd now hangs in
lhc rotunda of Drnpcr.

in 1891. Slate Normal School bc—
cumc Snlic Normnl Collcgc with It
ncw slnluc and higher standards.

Milnc. lhcn known as an Expcri-
Incnlnl School. was insliiulcd whilc
lhc collcgc was slill in its swnddling
clolhcs. Many Icnchcrs now lcclur-
ing in :Icndcmic classrooms llll OVcI'
New York Sinlc rcccivcd their first
pcdngogicul experience in these irn-
dilionnl corridors.

ch. lhc dcur old collcgc hnd pro-
grcsscd grcully bclwccn 1844 and
1885 . . . but it Is indccd difficull lo
iInuginc lhc following literary Inns-
I(‘l‘])ll‘(".'. dnicd May. 1885. being
wI'iIlcn now»

“I think It would bc wise for you
to wilhdrnw your dnughlcr from lhc
school.

“Shc docs noI succccd in hcr slu-
(ilcs and bus lil‘llkl'll lhc I'ulcs of lhc
school by going with olhcr young
lntlics Io lhc sknling rink in lhc
cvcning conlI'III'y Io cspI‘css di—
I‘cclion."

'l‘hc bII'lh oi lhc L’lllh ccnlIII'y
cough! Slnlc In :1 [Il'til‘l'ss ill I'chch—
lllllllill. III llllll Ul'. AIIIlI‘I-w Hioun
III'IIpI-I l'illtvl’il :IdInIIlnncc slnndau'dr.
nnd illslllllll‘ll :I lull lll)“|‘:ll lll'l.\
(‘Hlll'M‘ A ll'\\ yczn's lllll'l'. liucslcd.
l)lll]Il‘l'. nnd linulcy llnlls \\l‘l'i‘ bIIIlI,

N Y H("l' ln'kl hI-cnlnc lln' Illinois

on [lIl' Shul- ImnncI' III lill-l. llll‘l'l'll\
lii‘f'l'llllll“ III“ lII'sl Hlnlc 'l‘cncthm
(‘ollIgI In lhc I:Ilc l"I'oIn Ihcn on
Iin' ])1llll ll'(l :Ilum- :Ihcml, Womlnl'd
Ill llllllll"llvll IIIII--|:Inll_\ llll'l'l‘II ll!"
illlill Hmov inul onc lil llll' lil"lll I
lillllii' of III] .A_IncI'Ic:In llllll"l‘

"on/mm ll fill I‘IlI/I o_ lll/Il/Il/l

 

 

 

 

Soyles Praises Growlh;
lOO Years of Progress

This Centennial marks an im-
portant period not only for this
college but for the growth of
teacher [raining in the United
Stnlcs. Thc cduculional od-
vnnccmcnl has been mm'kcd.
Tcnchcrs wcrc oncc llccnscd for
sccondnry schools who Incl only
lhc requircmcnls of a hiring
board. fl is n for slcp from that
local nccd to u state board dclcr-
mining through ils appoinch
:Igcnls lhc qualifications. ll'lllll-
inc. and cducnlion of lhc pcoplc
who shall scI'yc in lhc schools of
lhc slalc.

In one hundrcd y ‘nrs this
college has occupicd four slics~~
firsl llll nbundoncd railroad dcpol.
:I budch of lcn lhonsnnd dollars
for :I fivc—ycnr pcI-iod. and now
lo :1 plan! \'illll('(l ul och' two and
:1 half million. :1 faculty of ncurly
onc hundrcd thoroughly ll'illlll‘Cl
pcoplc. ll student body of n [lions—
and curcfully sclcclcd sludcnls
um! :I fivc-ycur pcI'ioll of t'llllt'ﬂ-
lion and training. Such lun bccn
our cxpnnslon; with much cn-
hu'gI-d physical opporlunilics pro-
vidcd in lhc post-war pcriod wc
shnll Inch lhc chnllcngc of lhc
nch ccniury.

Our alumni group is lIII'gc. loyal.
and coopcrnlivc. Their contri-
bution llu'ough our I'f‘Slfll'llf't'
hulls hos cslnblishcd ll pulicrn for
Ibis slnlc and adjoining urcns.

Our gruduulcs hnyc (.‘lll'l‘lt‘d
cducnlion lo cycI'y purl of lhc
world; our sons huvc fought in
i'ivc wars and are now on cvcry
bulllc from. and now wilh humil-
ily we face lhc opportunity of
our port in moulding socicly for
llll cnduring pcucc,

 

Hasting Heads Centennial-

I

Erskine, Author, To Speak

‘ l)l‘. Hurry \\'. Hastings. Professor of English and Chairman of the
( cnlcnnuIl lluy (‘clclII'IIlioIL has rcchIscd the program for lhe lOO—v ‘Zil‘
szrk icsln'ilics on Saturday. The l’llilllil‘zililt‘ .\‘ewton ll. Van llcfzcc
(‘IIIIII‘miIn of lhc Board of Visitors. will preside at lhc assemblies,
lhc iirsl opcning ill 10 .\..\I. in l‘IIgc Hall. ,

After Mr. Van Derzec has opened
the morning assembly, the Chorus
and audience will sing the Slur
Spam/ch b’rmncr. followed by the
Welcome Speech of Dr. John M.
Suyles. President of the College. Dr.
George D. Stoddard. Commissioner
of Education for New York State
will address the assemblage. ’

Providing a contrast. of music. the
Slate Collcgc Chorus. directed by
Dr. Charles F. Slokcs. Professor of
MIIsIc. will sing the following: Solo
0]! Sing. by James Dunn. Noc/urlir:
by Pearl Curran. Iv‘llr. Sou/mo Bird
by Edward Elgar, . . ‘

'L‘oncluding the morning cxcrcises
will bc illl udtll'css by Dr. John Er-
skine. teacher and fumed author.
Cooper. Russell To Speak

The afternoon :Isscmbly will com—
mencc at 2:30 PM. Dr. Herman
Cooper. Assistant Commissioner for
’l‘cachcr Education for the State of
New York will speak. after which Dr.

 

Dr. John M. Siiylcs

 

 

— Alma Mater-s

(‘ollcgc oi' the lhnpirc Stale.

Mothcr of ill] army grcui.

‘l‘lIou lhc Inouldcr of our Mlle.
’l‘lu-c we sing loduy.

'I‘lIinc lhc hand with clasp so strong.
Holding. llIo' lhc yours IIc long.
'l‘hou iln- burdI-n of our song.

'l'hcc \yc sing lotlily.

\\':Iys of plcnsunlncss lll‘t' llIinc.
Lending \\'ll(‘l'l' in \l'isdom's sin-inc.
Joy and chccr. :Ind llopc Iliyinc.
I'chr dIyI-ll for :ch.
'l'lIinc lhc yoicc \yllosc cull \yc lIcoI‘.
'l'lnIIc tlIc llilllll which holds IIs lll‘ill'.
'l'lIiIIc llIc lll‘ill‘l, so ll‘lll'. \o (ll'ill'.
(ith'islII-Il. lole :Iluzly.

Jill‘s. l"l‘.ll|i'l\ llllllllill'll.

Present Council Evolves

From Myskania of '17

(In: ill llll‘ IIIul llll])llll.iill li‘ll'.
I llllli'lll pIIII Illil
,III".Il \‘..I 'In | I.IhiI lillil’lll III
.\l.I.IlI lfll. o1 .lll IIll‘ilIl.’.l|lIIll
I.I.II‘.\ lllll.|‘. .i .\l\ l..IIIl.I 'l'lll
Innlly IlIIII lllll' ll\l'||l llll'llll'lllA
|,I|

llI l'll'l’ llII

‘2 ‘III :'i<II.'.'l. II!

lilll'l I of lhc illlll';'l
wold Io ll.i'Il' .l lllili III III;'IIIII/.Illon
unh (Illlll'l'. Ill'l'll'll III Iiu- Illl'llll'
oI I.“ II \l‘lll ‘lluv Ilncc (Illll’l'l. \H'I‘I‘
l‘llllfl‘ll lI'olII lunch of lhc llIIcc llmu-I'
(how: unit. I. (‘ouncll coIIIlIoscd ol
all non (lunar-s und 11 faculty IncIn~-
but who .IcII-Il In. it lI’cnsIII'cI' oi lhc

sIudI-nl IIsmI-IIIIIon Io form on cx~

cl'llll\:‘ body “inch would I'cgululc

silltlcnl lli‘llVllll‘h.

[.1Ich' llu- i'Iu-ully number was

clIIIIinulcd us lI'l-nsuI‘I-I‘ of the coun-
cil und lhc pI'csldcnls of each of the
classes Willi lIllt.‘
treasurer and sccrctury became the

Vll'.C-]}l‘(3l$l(ll.‘lll.

council

Charlcs Slokcs. Dr. Gotlfricd Merkel,
Instructor of Social Studies, Miss
Fl‘f’lflii Klnimnn. Music Instructor
In Milne. and Miss Lucy Wheeler
President of lhc (‘ollcgc instructor in Mathematics, with
~ I ~~--~~*~————-——- VlOllnS. and Margaret Anderson
S  d P . Slokfs at the piano will render Hill-
t 1 mos )crgcr's Rumour-r,
o   Dr. William F. Russell. Dean of
’l‘enchcrs' College. Columbia Uni-
   "j'l‘SIll’. will deliver on addreSs and
lollnu Shill'cr MncAffcI' will sing.
'l‘hc Innnc oi (lcorgc D. Sloddan'd, l'” S" (“ml 7""‘”(’f" “M” UM" by
Commissioncr ol l'lducnlion. Is 011- Ni‘m‘mi“! [ML 1 AW 7713/ Hun).
mm.“ (m u 14],,» (pm in HM. im_ by Huntington \\’oodmnn, and l’cs-
busing corridors of lhc Slate Edu— l"“/"-”""‘I 7"”1‘U/v “Y (“llJeI‘lSIH‘OSS-
culion Building liil(l on :In imugln- Arm" “1“ Sinking Of UH! Alma Mater,
my glass door III HIIIIc (,‘ollcgc. For “1011' “'l” l)“ 4'1“ llllt'l‘mlh‘sion before
Hcl‘y SIIIII- sllulcnl knows and I‘c— ,1)!“ “WW”! lili'llll't' “'I‘OIIII’H‘I'mv’s
xpccls Iln‘s mun nnd hc III [Hill is I“““'h“"“v” “ I'l‘lH'I‘St‘HUIUOII of the
proud of n flliill‘ InsIIIuIIon which “"”'I‘ 51”“ I’llli' 01' our students.
[wholm H“. mull”, Hmmpm (,1 written null prodnccd for the Con-
;n'olI-ssIonIIl Inlch‘IIy. “mm”. is “WWII.
“For lhc pIIsI hundrcd .\cnI'r." snys “"“ll‘lmilll ("llllmllll‘t‘
l)l'. Hloddnrll. "lhc collcgc nus I'cn- “17 HilfillHR-‘i. Cllllil'lmln of the
(ll'l'i'll :I :I'cmcndous .\l'l'\'l('i' Io lhc (»"“!ll'llllli|l- 1* ilbﬁlbll‘tl by 1911115102111
pcoplc oi Ncw York SIIIII- III pI‘o— ("lllll‘l'llll- A1111” 1'3. Plcl‘cc. MI'. AdIIIn
“mm. H... hm...” 1mm (.1 W01“- A.WnlkcI'.ioI‘IncI'l’roicssor of Social
l.llll|l lI-nch'shIp” lll' cxpccn IInII H11“HP-‘- Ul‘ Jill”! 31- Sill'll'h'. Pl't‘sl-
Inc III-.\‘I llllll(ll'l‘ll your. wIll l)l II» (lt'nl of llIc (‘ollcwu Ul'. Milton (i.
'.Illl.ll)ll‘ :IIIIl cycn InoII- mcIIInu bl'- Ni‘lfv“l!- “"11” “1' “11"” C- smkvﬂ

y...- pmlm I...” 111.-;-.-..\111_L;Iy~ lll'llll ol SIIIdI-nis. l’ullllnc linkcr. Dr.
.I .iI“.’i‘(l lhc l‘I'l.llllIll.\lll]l lIchI-I-n Wllllzun (i lluI‘d}. In:-.lI'IIcloI' in
t‘ililllll' .Ind «IcInoI-Incy “ l~'nI.:lIulI. llI‘ llznry lilrchcnough.

l’I'oud ill Sllnlcni Body l’l'llll‘hmll' ol .'\I:IlthnIllIcr;. Iil'. Mill-
'l‘hc pIIIlI- \\llil'll In. Sloddnl‘o inn. lill‘ HI-ollnnd A‘mlsllilll l’I'oi'cssor of
‘. Slaw l'lIlll'Ll 1: 'lil' pI'IIic \\'llil'll llIoloI'._\. ltulh .\loorc lilIIckan'n. [it

.‘.I lam l.. Ull!"l'l‘.l‘ lll‘ I proud till/.IbI-Ih l" thIcI‘. InsII'ucloI' :Ind
'h. -ll‘Ill.l.ill .|l'llll\l‘llil‘lll:€ IIInI Hlllll'l'\l‘»lii‘ III lll‘IlUl'V. Mrs l‘ll‘l'lllil
"now of .v 'IIoIIIé oodx \yhn-h Ii lll'llllllll'l'.Hl'l'l'l‘li|l\ oI llI~AlIIIIInI
lllll o! IIII Ino“ III lll‘. i‘ll'lli‘ll .'\.‘~*~lli'lilllllll liI‘ I'ItllllI (I \Vllllill'i'.
‘III' Ivlili.‘ III IIII,»'l co .I\:.:I-Ionl l‘IolooI' oi [.1Illll. Miss
.\I h 'I.« IIII.. ..L .In ‘In‘ '.III IIII' .\l:Il\ l‘ill/dlltlll (‘ohlr l.ll)l'ill'lllli. .'\ll'.
‘IIIlI-II:»I.IIIIII\ llIIll.|lI llll‘l.ili\I' (iconic .'\'l \"oIk l’I'oIcr..~oI' o1 (‘oln-
.II.I ,.l'llll".(‘llil'lll In ]Il<l\llllll;‘ gzlillfl Inch-c l)!’ lIoIII-II \V broth-rick,
nun ll)" I'llllllilllllih. .IIIo llII' .ocInl l)]l’l‘l‘l(Il‘ ol 'lI'nInnu' :Ind l’ulI'chII
II pon~IlIIlIIy oI lhc collcln' l.llllllll'l‘ 'I‘I Pro-nun! of llli' SIII
Hn Iiu- ocmxnrn o: lhc llllllilll'illll (lcnl AssocInIIon
InIIlId.I\ oi Il.4 olnlc‘ li‘iil‘lil‘l a col—

legI' III lln ‘.lll‘ I)I Hlllllildl'll lIII.
llll‘ llli'w .n'. loI lhc slllIlI'II' lilill_\ News EX!” Tommrow

"All l)1‘lyl‘|('-.~ In |).[- ['lllll';'i‘ IlIIIII-lhls lllli' lo llll‘ IIIIIIIIIIIIIII lIc\\:w llI.Il
Inmlh on lhc IInch'slIIIIdInn and “I” lb‘ I'I'lI‘H-M'Il 1” MIWIHR-“l’ “ELY
:ll‘llll‘\(‘lllllll «II Inc alum-III.» \Villls ovum-“cs lnloorrow. o syn-rial issuc
qu Iln-n' III:.I;:III .lllll cnIIIusInsIII- of lhc S'II'II. (‘lllllllil'l NIIIWJ \vIII bc
pIII'III-IpIIIIon. buIldIngs. lllll'lil'll'h’ lllelribulvd Hl'lt‘l' lI-‘iﬁt‘nlllliﬂ

unll .\liill IncInbcI's con ncycr uc- ’l‘his cxtrn lssnc \\'lll lIIcllulc Ibo
compllsh much. The sludcnl hiIn- mum's of lhc new Myskunin 111th!!-
oil is Iln- sot-III] product of thc in~ bcI's, offIch-s of Student Associa-
sIIIIqun. As lIc grows and carries lion, Incmbersoflhcnewly-enlarged
knowlcdgc and inspiration to the SludI-nl Council. clzlss officers, club
III-st gcncrulion. then and only then and organization officers. and mom-
lll't‘ ultimaic purposes of the college bars of lhc new News Board, Pcd-
I'culized." (moyuc. and Primcr.

n,‘

 
 
 

    

  

 

