 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1944

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gremlins, Daffodils To Tiit
In Traditional Hockey Game

Midst flying hockey sticks and
shin guards the green and yellow
will flash upon the Dorm field
this afternoon to "battle for the
two traditional rivalry points
awarded to the winner of the
hockey fray. The Gremlins were
defeated last year by the Blue
Devils but they displayed a great
deal of superiority in their pass-
work and coordination. Gloria
Baker will undoubtedly spark the
Soph attack, ably supported by
Guido, Hilt, Margot and Mas-
trangele of last year’s fame.
Davidson’s and Russo’s power
drives should prove advantageous
in the Soph attack. The fresh
may come out with some sur-
prises for all concerned. It has
been rumored that they claim
some skillful hockey proponents.
Diehl, Rand and Shapiro of the
fresh squad are slated to give
the Gremlins some pretty stiff
competition.

 

Sophs Hold Lead
In Rivalry Race

' Last Friday, in the Commons, an
excited group of freshmen and Soph-
omores witnessed the rivalry ping
pong game. The player for the Sophs
was Phil Lashinsky; for the fresh,
Bob Horseman. The game resulted
in victory for the fresh and the
gaining of one rivalry point.
Lushinksy Ahead

In the first game Lashillsky played
carefully with Horseman returning
most of his balls. Then Lashinsky
started slamming and took Horse-
man by surprise. The game ended
with Lashinsky winning 22-20.

In the second game, Horseman
was prepared for anything —- slams
included. He did some excellent
playing and returned many hard
balls. When Horseman gained a
few points, he seemed to become
more confident and returned balls
more easily. He won the second game
with 21 points to Lashinsky’s 16.

 

Deciding Game

 

Siena Overpowers State
I Final Football Encounter
Passing Proves Weak f
State Defeated, 20.7 State Heeps ers
What appeared to be State’s M ' E ‘
By Joan Hyllnd weak point all season proved itself IX xrl

w h d elves in the midst Sunday at Beverzvay'ek Park as Siena . ' .

e n OUTS 'am led State -. 
of a very dull week. We have wan- glen: Passes   
dered into the usual haunts of state was powerless to stop a B G r e Hess
State athletes but have found only stem hassmg attack that ran 3' 60 if
silence and a strange absence. of roughshod over the Owls. It was a Last Monday night we took m the
“WW The gym ‘5 ‘emp‘y’ Mime pass each time that set up siena's first basketball practice of the year.
“dds mm °“ W Page Ha“ “em touchdowns. The first quarter sow Coach Hathaway took it easy on the
°“' Weekly mp t° “‘9 WM “11‘”. scoring for both teams. Malone. boys in their initial warm-up, but
“n mm “91"” “thing but 3‘ Slena’s end. ran the ball for a 40- it became apparent that he had a lot
now—rather forlorn—gmng 8‘ tab' yard score after a 15-yard 13335 more work in store for them. The
ulation of who fifty State College from Marcelle to Beheh The try boys are going to need a lot of extra
students think will win the elec- for the extra point was blocked work if they are to round mm a
“on we are afraid that no one TWO consecume Passes from SUI' smooth team. Some of the boys have
even went to camp Johnston 18'“ llVim t0 Broplly 1“ this Quarter played in high school and some have
weak'em‘ M this point we could accounted for State’s only score of played on their town teams, but
“at bit blamﬁld f(in. “Inﬁll?  the day' Be“ Plke' onlat running there are afew that have never done

wr er an one - r on. ~ iha
limiting dauntedg we continue to play added the em” a p anything but fool around wt
pound the keys' With a Prayer on fensive action with both teams bat- Hathaway plans to spend most of
°'"' “95 that page four '0'" “pp?” tling each other with equal vigor. his time.
this We“. NOW W “W Why Kiley At the end of the first half, the MM Talent
“sad to digress' If there were any" score stood 7-6 in favor of the As things appear at the moment
thing from which we could resign, teachem
newsmould be the time. Thh.d Quarter d
5"" “‘5 ~ ' hi i ter 0 ene , .

There are things that brighten Sig]; 13:3 “so rgasggmf‘mm legume 31(1)::53:2!)rggthhhvejzvléltlergeheagelish
life somewhat. little rays of light to thhey set up the potential The reason Dave is so far ahead
that penetrate the gloom This scoring position. Marcelle on the of the gang is the fact that he
week two people came up to “5 and next play somed for Slew. State la e'd freshman basketball here in
made comment on our commn' rallied its defense to block the ex- 139.3% and varsity ban 1h 19m
Egad' Hyund' someone reads ths “'8 pom” and keep the score at Of the boys who have played ball
stuff: you'd better be careful. I“. The Teachers opened their _ m h school S arky Vaughn and

Walls from the sophomores bring passing attack in the third quarter gin“ gThome bola] freshmen 100k
hawk memories of the days When but their passes were awkward and hk th h t' 1.05 eats Vaug'hn is
we too were suffering twice a week hhhmed _ eh 8 BS fl). 011318 e-com emmn
from acute attacks of gymnitis. Reserhng then ,0 a ground of_ lloatt ﬁr hma egld (:1 ndgdme lgrhome.
we remember that we too were fensive, State advanced down the u the 215155 hand has beth Sheed'
Very mum dismrbed 8t having to field. The end of the quarter saw on heiohte d d’for a successful
walk long blocks to the Dorm field the men of state deep in stem“ and eg11 .nee, e hn’ 08mm in
while Milne students romped territory Hamburg. states aggres_ baskeltba ei. 21:3 “smipe Thome
happily in front of Page. Yearly, she “the hack. earned the hall to schoot wafs gu the forward post
the “lit”? “3 “d tittafdeift‘fi' Elena’s 10-yard “no but the Owls 2m: "f3." that has has 

no n 5 one a -
tIon. WE hate to be bitter but “it‘dth lizcgrgehod, Hamburg again siderable experienlclebis Plietuledee‘;
that seems to be about the only carried the bah to Slehah goal hhe, dows, 48. thh 151 . 5:1 3:01p him and
attitude to take. but again Slena held and took p05- center on llsh‘ lgh sc town team

Rounghnecks? session of the ban center on s cinel f ti h'.

Inst week-end We saw a real live On a series of passing plays the Meadows is well ovel s x ee n ls
football game. People tackled men from Loudonvme advanced socks, but he has a long way to gt:
other People. threw them on the the pigskin into State’s territory before he can be classed as a heat
ground and stepped on them. It was where on a pass from Malone to player. Bob Sorensen, 48, is the as
quite a while before we stopped Baker' Sieha scored. bringing the of the list of boys with exper ence].
being horrified and remembered score hp to 204. He also played guard on his big
that that was the way the game In the hth minutes of play the school varsity. Sorensen is light antd
is always played. Owls threatened um and again fast on his feet, both definite asse s

one thing that impressed us but their efforts were in vain. The to a baSkeman man- ,
3-b0llt the game was the COlorfUl sieha hhe held and the game ehd_ In the ranks of those who havent
band. It was amazing to see ed in a 20-7 defeat for state' played befel'elwe find Ever-ready
the reaction of the crowd to this In an overall view, State did Hal" Weber, 47, Jim Brophy. 'Ray
display. It was clearly mob psv- my wen for itself with the m_ Cocuzzi, and Bruce Hansen all flosh.
°h°1°gy' mass hySterla or What terial at hand. The team had no
have you’ but it was eﬂecmve‘ It coach, no regular practice sessions
was thrilling to watch the feeling and just a bare minimum of men
run through the crow? ashelectri-
cit throughawire. Sate asnev- f0 . emes
iil'ydone £00 mUCh along this line- ﬁggyersmglsaﬁﬁy $2,233,; “loitslde useful as the season rolls along.
We did have the nucleus of a band Opponents. They whipped Slehe h, Chmlushm
3‘ one “me but it “ever reamed once and took Albany Med into In summing up the prospects for
the stage of a polished organiza- camp. Oh the debit Side of the the team it becomes more and more
tion. We realize that probably not ledge], they lost twice to Siehm
much can be done rigllt now, what There were no individual Stars members 01- the Ohms of .47 am
with “me and manpower Sum among those who performed for . . _
mecmus commOdmes' Bth’ We put state, Each man (lid his job to line-up ls Bob Dicklnson, who left

forth the suggesuon as a bomb t0 the best of his ability, For a short while ago for the navy. Bob guged.ill practicing the fundlllnen- Bobby V

be commered 1” the DOSF‘W‘M pro' all-round excellence Bob Sullivan, was a natural basketball man.‘ He
[E'l‘am'1AIStﬂtiilliEanilCOlllddO mlwb Ha] Weber, Bert pure, Sparky had speed, skill and a keen com-
or some sp ' . i-
This Above All lelauililblll'thy of mention.
The Increase in We. amounF or who saw the Mod game will be quite him on the I .
cred” given to “mom events m a while in forgetting little Bob have five Cxl)f‘l'lellCC(I men to walk

this ye'll"51'lvah'yls indeed an en“ ' " - - v with. instead of only four. The close of the course. the girls will
‘ Heman‘s lmpmng lunmng' MSG ‘ receive their senior life saving

bridgi- which will make them eligi-
ble to accept a job as a life guard.

couragmg “0m Athleth contests they won't forget the line play of other cx—Sopll that we miss is Bert
have alwayS been an important Pike er the quarter-bucking of Bob Pike. Bert didn't play up here, but
mrm of competition They create a Sullivan he did play some in White Plains.
high spirit of rivalry and the rc- '

The second Quarter 53W little Of‘ basketball. It is with these boys that WAA Farmuhtes

Plan For New Season

With tense excitement, the fresh
and Sophs watched the third game
which would decide the winner of
the rivalry point. The game was a
fast one and both players did

Many of the spectators were

well.
The WAA fall season OfflClally especially surprised by Horseman's

Tentative Plans

no one is definitely sure of a start-

' Closes Wlm Thanksgivmg Vacation ability as they had never seen lliln
mg ass‘gnment' The one playel that All hours for credit ill fall sports play hefom He took the last game
’45. mu“ be hand“! in t0 the respec‘ easily, beating Lashinsky by a score
tive captains before that time- A of 21-14. Thus the fresh won one
certain number or SUPEYVised hours rivalry point leaving the Sophs only
are required to obtain credit for two points ahead h] the rivalry
each activity.

tilt.
Last Wednesday, the Sophomores

AS y8t WAA has “05 formmatea won the rivalry archery contest

complete plans for the new season. which was held on the Dorm field.

Basketball. as usual Will be the Bedach, Lawson and Palmatier par-
main feature. Fencing( life-saving, ticipated for the Sophs against
winter sports, bowling and other Maize, Tomaslk and Warm on the
activities will also be offered. frosh squad. palmatler was hlgh
Leagues in baSREtba“ and bownng scorer for the Sophs. A well placed
are to be formed If there is bulls eye brought her score to 150.

enough interest competition

in Tomasik tallied highest for her side

other sports will be arranged- with 110 points. It was the first
Prominent on the list Of WAA ac' time that archery was ever counted
tivity will be the Rivalry basket- as a rivalry sport,

ball and swimming contests. As in Usual Lack

other years, exhibition matches in

Since the game was played on the

fencing may be arranged with La Dorm field, it was expected that

Salle.

more spectators would have come.

A meeting of WAA council mem~ The Sophs had a much larger tum_

bers will be held next week.

At ount than the fresh did. However

this meeting definite plans for the no points were given for cheering.
coming season will be made and The final score was 190-170 in favor
captains to be in charge 0‘ the of the Sophs.

various sports will be chosen.

Life Saving Classes
Hit All Time Record

Swimming has come to be one of illg at camp Johnston this week-
TO say that these fellows have “0 the most popular features of the end. This Will probably be
Chance ‘30 make the team is Sheel‘ women‘s sport program. This year last chance for members to enjoy
fOlly. By dim 0f CONStllllt Dl‘aCthC the schedule includes a class in fair lie/loathe:l and senileI Lfiegl'cllemelf
they call be made into Sluice-95ml senior life saving which is held warm 1 a' ‘ie camp. 0 as l l
at gun game. In spite Of all these Substitutes that Will be Oth‘emely every Tuesday and Thursday even- use has been made of the camping

Camp Johnston Outing
Scheduled For Week-end

WAA has planned another out-

the

ing at the Jewish Health Center facilities as in other Will‘s so ll] it?
under the direction of Nat Bullock, hoped that a large number of girls
'46. At tlle start of the season, the will take advantage of this last
class was held only once a week week-end of the fall season. Hiking

in be missed. Outstanding in this vicio it into two separate classes.

apparent just how lnucll vanished but, due L0 the considerably large  the chief sport that can be
going attendance it was necessary to di- indulged in M Ullh‘ time 01 Yeah

All those interested in this week-

At present, the classes are oll- end at Camp Johnston should see

an Aukcn about arrange-

tzll techniques of swimming and mcllts for transportation. Supplies
life saving. Endurance and speed and 100d.

‘ l ' " ' ' l 'i i  . .' fr he groups __
ii fact, the whole team pctltlvc spll it that made him till flit, clnpllilsl/(d As yftt e

1 Sport fans star of several games lost year. With haven't. received their life saving
squad Hathaway would books so they have not had any oi
the theory of life-saving. At the

 

GOOD F00

Ill ll Friendly,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

suits are always more clean-cut I
and definite than in a contest of
another nature. In a sing, a. de- F n A N c I s JI L A M B E R T HI FI  &  Comfortable
bate or a skit where the Opll‘llon er JEWELER pharmhcmtH -
judges decides the winner More s ‘1 e , , - - r  7 s” 05 P ONE 4.2036
always mom for doubt, When cold ‘Iixllcrh‘lltthpfurlnl, l‘ ‘l csrAuLI “no In L :vs Atmosphere
figures dictate the winner of an Watches — .oc s —- .LWL ry 157 CENTRA .
event there can be no question 156 CENTRAL AVE. PHONE 4-79l5 ALBANY. N‘ y.
about the validity of the decision.

_..._..

 

SPECIAL A’l"l‘EN’l‘l()N S H 0 l’
—-—- ’l‘f) S'I‘UIH‘JN’I‘S ——-—

THE GAMNlc‘B RESTAURANT

Delicious Sandwiches

SPEGTOB’S

T  l, 9
233 CENTRAL AVENUE 
WESTERN AT
QUAIL

Slll’i‘S ’l‘fll’CflA’l‘S
Steaks and Chops

Soft Drinks

SI’OR'I‘ TOGS liA’l‘S

OPEN EVENINGS

203 CENTRAL AVE PHONE 5.9055

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

State College

A‘LBANY. N. Y.

 

 

443-2

NEWS Chooses

7 Sepbomores
As Desk Editors

Board Also Chooses
Sports, Business Staff

The S'lwra COLLEG Naws Board
has promoted seven Sophomores
from the position of sophomore re-
porter to that of Sophomore Desk
Editor for the year 1944-45. They
are Ann Cullinan, Katherine Hager-
ty, Betty Rese Hilt, Lois Holstein,
Helen Honeycombe, Vivian Nielsen,
and Mary Tessier, selected from the
sophomore reporters competing for
the position.

Business, Circulation, Sports

At the same elections, new mem-
bers were appointed to the Circula-
tion, Business and Sports staffs. The
additions to the Circulation staff
are Betty Rose Diamond, Isabel Fear,
Josephine Maggie, Marian Splak,
Juniors. and Rose Devine, Shirley
Gross, Janet Inglellart, Gertrude
Kasper. Lorna Kunz, Anne Mastran-

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1944

 

Barbed Wire Discourages
lounging On Stamp Booth

Any unsuspecting individual
who attempted to sit on the
Stamp Booth this week un-
doubtedly received a shock.

War Activities Council. after
pleading in vain for several
weeks that students stop reclin-
ing on the booth and using the
place for a book depository, has
apparently adopted extreme
measures -— barbed wire now
covers almost the entire table
top. And it’s really barbed too!

Dr. Louis Jones, Assistant
Professor of English, donated
the lethal coil, and its original
purpose was for decoration. Not
only will State students be re-
minded of the war when they
see the wire, they will also re-
member very carefully to seek
their siestas elsewhere.

 

 

 

State, St. Rose

To Debate Today

One minute’s reverent silence
gem pan-1cm Russell, Joan Magrew, will be observed in this morning’s
Sophomores. The new members of assembly to commemorate the
the Business staff are Marjorie courage dispmyw by those 165
Crhmeh Betty Rose Diamond. Isabel Czechoslovakian students who were
Fem“ Kathryn Kendall, Josephine massacred on another November
Maggie, Juniors, and Avis Chamber- 17 “"9 years 380-
mh,‘ Rose Devhm, Judith Duhe, Ann will include a debate between State
Luscok' Rum McCarthy, Joan Ma- and the College of St. Rose and
grew, Sophomoreh The sports the distribution of activities sheets
staff consists of Audrey Johnston, by D1“ Elizabeth Morris: ASSl-Stam

Elizabeth J. McGrath, Juniors, and PI'OI'CSSOY 01' EClllCﬂthll.

George Hess, Mary Eli7..lbetll Sulli-

editor.

for the seventh Desk Editor.
Promotion Procedure

‘ Two members of the State debat-
Vam Sophomores. Marilyn Warshaw mg squad, Marianne Davis, '46, and
was appointed Sophomore feature Gerbil” Welllbel'g- '47. Will ODDOSO
Helen Benson and Kathleen Lun-

In previous years, it has been cus- BTW Of St- R080 Oil “RCSOlVed: That
tomary to select only six Sophomore “‘0 Dunbul‘m“ oaks lll‘OlJOSﬂl b0
Desk Editors, but, in view of the fact used as the basis of post-war peace
that competition was very close this plf'mS‘”
your,aspeciulpesition waspl'ovided “’1” Whom the negative Side of
the question and their opponents
Will defend the

From the seven SophomoreEdjtom Speeches will be five minutes and
chosen mis yeah the three Junior l'obuttals three lllinutes ill length.
Associate Editors will be selected for TWO “Wilmer-5' 01‘ “10 l‘ﬂClllly Will

next year‘s News Board. The Editor- wage the debate.

ill-chief or co-Editors and Managing
Editor or co-Munuging Editors. as

Editors.
be chosen from the Juniors trying

out for those positions.

the basis of interest and ability

LI
t

F'OIIOWlllg the judges' decision,
Dr. Morris will explain to the
the case may he. will in tum he student body the use of the activ-
eleeted from me three Associate ltlcs sheets which will be distrib-
uted ill Assembly.
The Business Manager, Chculm tllc students will list their extra-

hon Manage}. and Shorts Editor will curricular activities and the offices
lat they hold ill student organiza-

ions. They will then be collected

The Desk Editors were Chosen on and put on file In Dr. Morris’s
office as a record of each student’s

Shown Since tryouts began. This yen}. participation ill the extra-curricula

the NEWS Board will incorporate a Offered by “19 COlngC~

new system. Only those Sophomores
who attended cub classes and were

Eleanor Hnycslip, ’45, President
of Student Christian Association,

appointed sophomore reporters at Wi“ "lake ‘1 fimil lllllleill for dolla-
tllc end of their freshman year will “On-5' to the Cillllllus Chest.
be eligible to compete for the position Recess To Begin Tuesday

of Sophomore Desk Editor.
Cub Classes
Cub classes for freshmen inter-

Tlle Thanksgiving recess will begin

‘ucsduy all 5:25 PM. and extend
llllilI Melldlly, November 27 ill,

ested in working on the NEWS will “:10 AM.

continue until May. In previous
yours. the classes lasted only one
semester at the end of which i‘l'csll-
men were permitted to work on 1110
News cvcry Tuesday and Wednesday
evening. This year, however. i‘l'esll-
mull showing the most ability and
interest will be chosen to work on
tile Nun/s cucll \Vf‘f‘k.

Fl'cslullcll llllrf‘l‘cslflfl ill working
on llli' News on: urged to attend the
cllll classes cvel'y 'l‘uesdlly at noon
ill Room 206, Draper.

lll previous years llll‘ vacation lllls

begun on Wednesday noun, but the
new plan cllublcs all students to be
home on Wednesday evening.

Fresh Inaugurate Naval Band  StateSpirit

The program

Weinberg and Miss Davis

affirmative.

011 these sheets,

VOL. XXiX NO. 9

Men Organize;
Form Social Club

Fifty Attend Meeting

Plan Xmas Semi- Formal ‘
Four of State’s students, in an  

effort to organize the men of the
college, presented to 46 other men
their plan for an all-male social  S d
organization. The group met for  
the first time on Tuesday, Novem-
ber 14 at 12 noon.
"The States-Men” is the name of b i
this newest of the College's organi- At this weehh meehh 8% n at 8230 PM.
_ g of Student
ﬁnish: Chargirhhistit‘lllgieélhbdhauwﬂvgltp Council the second report of the Mr. George York will be the radio
J51: mom and Art" Kaufman and Student Union Investigating Com- announcer; Hale“ Slim“: '46: the
Phil thmnsky Sophomores was mittee was given and discussed and letress 0f C‘Eremm‘les; and Mar-
appmved at the» meeting It '18 not a rivalry sing was scheduled for 0“ Buetowv 46v the SCOTEkeelleT~
a fraternity—membership is open December 1. It was also decided Dr. Annette Dobbin, Dr. Mary
to any state man who wants to that the Council will post their Goggln, and Marion Buetew, Betty
he a part of the organization It completed constitution on the main Jane McGrath and Helen Slack,
is an unrestricted social club that bulletin board in Draper Hall for Juniors, are members of the student-
has formed "to foster closer “hm Student Association inspection. faculty committee on questions. The
honsmp and organization among Student Union ‘quiz kids" who will attempt to
the male students of the College.” The Invesugating committee all“ answer the questions are: Dr' Ralph
The group. together with a pointed by Student Council to inform Beaver: D1“ Ralph Clause“: MTS~
faculty member whom they hope the Stu‘lem’ bOdy 0“ the DOSSlblllty Martha Egelsmn' D1" RObert’ Frede'
to obtain as an adviser, intends to 9f Meeting 5‘ StUdent union Stated rick’ Dr‘ ‘7‘ Allan HiCks’ Dr' Louis
bring back to State the social life 1“ its first report that they deemed 0' J‘mef' and D“ Edith Wallace- A
it “not worth the cost to have a prize Wm be given to any smdent

and 00d times that the feel has .
ushehgtly passed away» imce the temporary Student Union in Farr-ell contributlngna question that “stumps
majority of State’s men entered House-" They do. however. see the the experts-

the Armed Forces. They want to possibility of a permanent Student Intermission Entertainment
Show these servicemen on ,1 “mm Union. The committee offers Stu- Tlle “intermission entertainment"
pomry leave of absence” from dent Association the following plan will bring forth some hidden musical
State that the remaining. men are for consideration: talent, including a Chinese act
not letting the College down, btu “A Student Union could be located presented by D1" W651” Childersi
that they are going lo make it on the site where the two dorms are D1'- Ethel Ewmg» and M1‘- Tel'WllligeT-
function once again, now located. Lots containing frame D1'- Charles StORES Will render a
At the meeting, the incll discuss- houses ell Western Avenue could be few Violin solos. and D1”. Floyd Hen-
ed bringing the dances back to bought. giving a large enough front I‘M-90": D1'- Shields MCIIWﬂinev and
Stute. They intend to sponsor a space for a building located between D13 0- Currie“ Smith Will give the"
dance for every holiday, and have the two dorms. This Student Union llltbl‘lll‘iillatlon Of “The BOYS From
already planned a formal or semi- would face Western Avenue and the Texas Ranges" A qulltelh Ull-
formal for Christmas. Any women Would have two wings attached for (191' the lllilllagement Of Dr- Edward
of State who are not invited to dormitories. It is understood that 000D”. Will harmonize in several
this (lance by one 01' the ol'galliza- it would be financially impossible to VOCﬂl lilildlthllSl Othel' fEICIIltY mem-
lContfuucd on. Pm/c .l, ('Ulll‘in’lt 1,) “m a Union on smdem Tax funds bers .wm appear in dramatizw
‘ alone; therefore, the incorporating questions 011 art and the dance- Mrs.
. . of dorms will bring in a definite Dork Tieszen is manager of the
Commons Prohlblfed Today amen? of kincome to help defray the dlﬂllcesi Rflld MlSS Gl‘ﬁce Mal'tln has
cos a up ecp, for there would not Clﬁl‘é’ie 0 the Mt Performance-
TO SlUdem Slump SIOCkerS be any income of a considerable Dl‘- Millie Gl‘eell. as Silage mim-
The Commons, ill all its amount from the Union, A plan of agar, will have charge of everything
smoky splendour, will close its this type is being formulated in from care of the props to the pulling
doors today to any State stu- Cortland and has met with a great of the curtains. Publicity for the
dellt failing to purchase at least deal of approval, The Union would show was furnished by Miss Ruth
one. tell-cent war stomp. To be run entirely apart, from the dorms Hutchins, whose students produced
distinguish these patriotic pee- and expenses would be borne accord- the posters advertising the faculty’s
ple privileged to use the Com- lllg to the amount of cubic space contribution to the Big Eight Pro-
mons, a stanlp reading “New occupied. Tile activities in the Stu- gram-
York State College for Tcacll— dent Union would be controlled by Proceeds to War Effort
ers” will be placed on the back the student body, but more would be The proceeds from State's Big
of their right. hand. an administrative committee con- Eight will be used as the College’s
War Act‘lVlthS Colmcll , ill its posed of stuclenm, faculty and financial contribution to the war
all-out drive to stimulate stu- alumni, (We would be the alumnl effort. Last year’s Big Ten netted
dent interest, has initiated this at, that time, it should be l'enlember- approximately $1800, which far sur-
eriginal plan to pop things up ed.) The money from the student; passed the original $1200 goal. “Pro-
and bring to State [1 consolous Tax would be used for the year’s fessors on Parade,” the faculty’s
thOliB‘llt of the Will“. operating costs. presentation last year, raised $250,,
COIlSlClOl‘lllB‘ that the Clll'Oll- Layout of Building the largest sillgle total of the en-'
Pgﬁnghiilg'oggleltuﬂgzll?’ 1:31]?  “What will we be able to have ill “re Blg To" program
gel ‘  $110; 'M .il-ll ‘3'“! S46 this Union? Plans can only be ten— D1" Margaret, Hayes, and Batty
. e. u ' . ‘ ll'lHL “It J. I , “hive. for we cannot forsae all the June McGrath, 46. are ill charge of
llL‘ilfl oi WAC says Its time 101 “hem of Lhe gLudeht had {we 01. the sale of tickets. General admis-
SfaL-c students to show Lllli'spll'lf. Le‘n’ hears from” how Theypmpoeed sign wlll be 35 cents. The faculty
they should hnvu by buying n f I H ' . ’ committee for the program includes
war stump today llllfl cvcll'y imbt'wm bun‘ungsmld gym Wm Lake Dr. Margaret Hilvcs, Dr. Vivian C.

Hayes, Hopkins, Stewart
Head Faculty BigEigllt

StudentsTo Quiz Facult
On "Information Please

Members of the State College fac-
ulty will display their talents once
again tomorrow night in Page Hall
in their presentaiten of “Informa-

f  U tien, Please,” the second Big Eight

Program for the year. The show will

 

I

 

 

 

(my... care of it great many things we are Hopkjm hhd D1. We“ stuwmb
. e ., . l .
mun/mum! on Page .‘I, cullulm 5/ _.._._.____

 

Forum Plans Debate

SWi‘t‘t notes rent the air, ll lubu's sounded with the mighty lllilsl, "001- The selections of the group at

lllf‘IUfllOllS group, lilo sliill'p sillcculo logo of the Empire Stole."
on lilo eve of November 14. Peering
from ll secluded llldillg plilcc. thirty
llllsttf‘lllllli‘fllls i‘l'l-slllllcn were view-
“ll lill'l'lt'» “‘0” “ll 101' “W5 “ilk” lulu'cllilll, itlllc blillfl lllill will sym-
wllll lust ll llli‘ugcl' lllouglli lo ‘

hhhd hm mm, mm mmchh m :llllllll' of industry and enthusiasm
uclllch. They are working for ll “'hwh promise” 1mm” “memb-

pl'cscllt include scllool songs lllld ll TO RCVISC Constitution
r1.hh ﬁlms 01- this “W,” “manned few lllill‘CllL‘S. The whole project has

Forum will hold its monthly dis—
cussion meeting Wednesday, Nov-
’l‘llc sparkling ligllis of the bulld (‘llillifl’ 39 ill 3 330 Pl Mu ill llle 140111180.

STATE cameos roll?» "'ACTHER r.,

 

 

I v ' ' . . , . . . .
“film; ll"'“ 14m” “WIN 'I‘llc ldcll of i1 lllill'lllll silllc billld is
Illf' Cinderella story begun with not it new one: it. lllls been attempted

MUSIC Council Sets
up ilk-u conceived by tom inspired in former yours without success.

Dates For TrYOUts i‘l'osll. ’l‘llcil' (ll'f‘illll included a band 'l‘llcsc wcll-lllcllllillg projects iluvo

Mush1 Chum,” hm. announced the “Olllliltlic willl bul'liollc Jollll Belles. gone down ill the stale llllllills us
“all” m. tryouts for “w heads in Uliml (lllcsllollillg. the inspired four vuliluli. but Vlulquisllvd. Profiling by
its mythwnhng onwemh "Chimes (m. secret us the O.P.A. lire l)()lll'(ll tllc lllislukcs of their pl‘l-(ll-cccssors,
m. thhmdy... (lllnlhl'd, eloquently. "We thought it llll' organizers of the new group pro

0“ Novelan 29‘ “Thu”, Will Do up'il'om lilo depths oi our soul and determined tilllt this time Slulv will
hhhl rm. [he hum M Shhhhhh, and II .lllhlr ill'i‘w like lopsy." uclllevc u successful und l'cpl'usl'llill-
"h (,Lhul- S(ml-“ho lends. Those The spirit lllld cliillusillslll of tile “"0 Still“ blind Hill" Will WW “L
colllpctlllg for Clormllillc, the cell- Bl'illlll lllllllZi‘h‘ (mu. rl‘llc fuel. lllllt the “0110319 functions llll(l ullllclic events.
“hm, hm“, Wm hvy mu (m Dwem. lJullfl numbers llluny collllllutcrs ’l‘llc coopol'uliml of the group has
hm. ‘3, mm “11 mules mun-05w“ m umong its lllelllbcl-s illustrates the been supplclllclltod by the efforts of
parts will have 'tllcir opportunity bill’lililg fire of these freshmen. A Mysknlllu. Milne and Dr. Cllill'los C).
to try out all December 13, fresh build is u new addition to Stokes, Professor of Music. Instru—

A“ mm, My“,le Wm be held in Stiltc's legend of class spirit. ments Wcl'c borrowed from the musi-
Room 28 during the Wednesday N‘Wl’lllbt‘l‘ 14 "lurked their first cal organizations of Milne, lllld the
opcrcttll pcdlods, from 3:30 PM. lll'llcuce lll mllSlC'Sll'CWll R001“ 28- filll'mllllus Blcecllcr library has de-
le b:30 RM. ’l‘ubus, trumpets, horns, and clllllles llntcd lllllsic for tlleir use.

bolizc State and its lllllf‘lilu spirit. “Wilde: Cllll‘blt‘lh‘u Mill'y Vull Veer- 'l‘llc qucsllell of establishing an ill-

llls, Mary Jones, Florence Sllullllou, li‘l'llill/loilill llillliit‘ l'Ol‘CC lifter the war
Lol'l'ilillc Millie. Frances Mltscll, will be the main topic for debate,
Ethel Weber, Gertrude Coslick, Mill‘y ilCCOl'illllii 10 ROSill‘lO TI'USSO. ’45.
Davis. Mlll'y Quinn; Saxophone. Silollki‘l‘of Forum.
liurburu willclron; Flute, Jllllol. Members of Forum loading the
Johnston, Shirley Webb; Fl'ollcll (“8011351011 “1‘05 John GI'OCloll. Sel-
l-lol'u. Mury Juno Cul'vcl', .lcilll Stn- lilo Kl‘C-‘lllli‘l'g. lllld Jlldy Gel'OISkl’i
pinion: ’l‘l'olllbollc, Mary Regan, Jlllllm'S. and Corolle HliSbl'Ollck.
Bul'bul'il Bishop; Baritone, Jollll ’45
Belles; Drums. Sul'llll Pratt, Rutll Plillls lll'i‘ lllldifl' Wily fOI‘ rovlSlon
Osborn, Jilllli‘S I-Ielnull, Clifford 01' lilo F‘OI'Um Constitution which
'I'llfll'lw, Sparky Vaughn. Muriel will be subllliticd to Student Associa-
Dunno; Tl'ulllpul,5, Gun/ol- Mllls' Mu- lion ill the near future. The entire
1101 Griffin. Ellcll Rockford. Arlene student body must approve this
While, Bully me Juneg' le K0- document because of Forum‘s sup-
pcc; Horn. Virginia DlGregorio. Tllc PO” by Stildﬂllt budget "
secretary of the group is Beverly Miss Trusso also stated that dia-
Plic'o. missions with men from other col-e
Marie Agllue especially requests lcges, concerning post~war conscrip-
llll freshmen who play the baritone tion, may be inserted into next semv
to sign up for the new band. ester's program.

 
 
  

 

as. 2‘14” -WMWw-v,mww.wﬁ V,

 

 "Kw-gym W-“ .. . .

rmzt'."

 

 

 

