 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l
t
I

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Embllrhcd May 1916
By the Clan of 1918

No. 25

Distributor
Collegiate Digest

April 28. 1944

Vol. XVII

Member
Associated Collegiate Press
‘ under rntlunte newspaper of the New York Strife
Chillege l’org'l‘enchers; published every Friday of the Col-
lege year by the NEWS Board for t_lI_c_Student Associa-
tion. Phones Office, 5-0373: Baxter, 2-orrlo; Stengel, 8-2804;
['lckert, 2-27o’l.

 

IKPIIIINYID FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING 8'
National Advertising SerVIcc, Inc
College Publisher: Represenlalive

420 MADISON A'll. NEW YORK. N. Y.
cmcmo - 305")" v Lou Mann ' 5M1 FIANCIsco

The News Board

JANET K. BAXTER _ EDITOR-iN-CHIEF
MARY B. STENGEL - - CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
JANE PICKERT - - BUSINESS MANAGER
'_!LLlAN GROSS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
BERTRAM KILEY - - SPORTS EDITOR
SUNNA COOPER _ . ASSOCIATE EDITOR
EDNA MARSH . - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
DOROTHY MEYERS - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

r... 2

 

ISSUE EDITORS
SOPHOMORE DESK EDITORS
LOFARO O'NElL
MCFERRAN SCUDDER

BERBRICH
BUETOW

[To Thine Own Self Bel-rue,

l’alse loyalty to a false idea of honor is the epi-
tome of stupidity and injustice!

it is indeed a pity that in a World wallowing in
hate and prejudice, (’(fllt'tlh’ll people cannot be inde-
pendent enough to vote intelligently—to vote for the
person who, regardless of her political affiliations,
they know has the will and ability to fill a position
of leadership. I\'o political party is infallibleiA~
and that holds true Irot only for sororities but for
all political organizations in the college!
a student belongs to a certain group is no indication
of her qualifications for an office. The past offices
that she has held. her enthusiasm. her sense of
honor, her initiative. and her personal characteris—
tics should be the basis of her eligibility for _\'otl|‘
vote.

Your sorry sob of “lint l was told to vote for her"
or "i don't know her but. i nominated Mary Smith
because l was ordered to" labels you a member of
the herd an impotent victirrr of one or another of
the numerous political parties in State!

You may ask how this feverish tirade concerns
you . . . Listen. brother.’ Today in assembly, you.
the student body. will decide which students will
lead you next year. in your hands lies the final
verdict! Forget the (ircek letters or organizations
titles that follow a candidate‘s name weigh the
qualifications of each objectively when your ballot
is finally handed in, be able to turn a clear, unlit-si-
tating eye upon your inner conscience and find lilt'l't'
truth in its stark nakedness. lie able to shout un<
flinching that you. at least. have voted. "wisely,
and well! "

Ghost Talk——

Spirit the word itself is almost a cliche now.
(‘lass spirit. the spirit of patriotism, ('ollege spirit,
all adding up to the spirit of cooperation. all dis-
cussed incessantly. fought over; all. at the same time
almost completely neglected by the student body.
(‘oopt-ration roughly, Webster defines it
“working together for a common cause." 'l‘lrat
common cause at State is a dual one: contribution to
the War effort, combined with an enlarged program
of social activity.

'l‘be artists brought by Music ('ouncil anti DNA
were not at all Wt‘ll received. .’\(l\’illl(‘t'll liramatics
produced the usual iii-weekly plays with student
tttttllt'ntt's numbering anywhere from All) to lot),
mostly people in the l'irrglislr lit-partmt-nl.

Aside from the strictly social activities which
went by unalipreciated. the l ommon cause the War
l‘Ifforl, has slipped to the darker chambers of our
minds, buried because of class prejudice or pref-
erence. It is to Ire expected that rival classes fail
to support each others' activities, to some extent,
but the lack of cooperation in the classes is in-
excusablerrtlrc Sophomore Attctiorrlianrc, lllt‘

 

'J.

frosh Stamp-eed. Strange as it nray scent, even the
llig 'l‘en has suffered slightly because of the corti—
Inorr comment: “Support that class or that organiza-
litini ”

it’s high time we killed the common comment by
remembering the common cause.

Because »

STATE COLLEGE NEWS,

I Understood—

Last Saturday night at 8:30, a
superb actress danced on to the
Page Hall stage in a surrealistically
striped gown reminiscent of Irene
Castle. She is the greatest mime of
our day. Angna Enters, and her
theatre is indeed a positive example
of true artistry.

In her Episodes and Compositions
in Dance Form, Miss Enters proved
beyond doubt that gesture, facial
expression and bodily movement
can be most eloquent. On a bare
:1 age. with the use of a few small
props, she projects an amazing
variety of distinctive personalities.
For those who find it impossible to
grasp the subtlety of her art, one
can only express the deepest pity;
for even without a background
knowledge, her sense of grace,
rhythm and timing, and the light-
ing and costuming are enough to
create an intense appreciation. No
mental or emotional effort is re—
quired.

The first episode was an Ameri-
can Bttllct~~ltiI/,-It;. an excellent.
tacy composition of ballroom
dances flavored with the awkward-
ness characteristic of World War 1
danoing, and expounded by the
Astuires, the Castles. and Rudolph
Valentino. Lillc Sully thlcr ctcired
three transitions, “young and inno-
cent childhood. budding girlness'
and mature chastity." All of the
prominent psychological traits were
ironically. though honestly, present-
ed; highly amusing were the book-
ish attempt at worldilness in the
adolescent scene. and the uninhibit—
ed ball-bearing coordination typical
of “mature unclrastity."

The Byzantine llmn was perhaps
the most mysterious of the impres-
sions. being a composite study of
the symbolism of the Near Eastern
Orthodox religions. and circling
poignantly with the crucifixion pos-
ture. One could see and feel a
Renaissance figure coming to life
in the dim light of a great cathedral.
The first section of the evening's

FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1944

program ended with Ballotomane-
Connoisseur (or Riviera Stay Away
From My Door), a sophisticated
satire on the ballet and the Ted
Shawn school of Modernist dancing.
It is interesting to note that State
students did not accept the dancing
of Barton Mumaw, 8. Ted Shawn
dancer. when he was here several
years ago, and yet Miss Enters’
episode was well received.

Vienna Provincial was a pictures-
que sequence in three movements:
Rclurn front Prayers; The Party;
and Return from Party. The first
two echoed the care and eloistered
virginity predominant in the 1910
period. the only hint of basic woman
appearing in the second movement
as a brightly shining red chair. The
aroma of Vermoutth first love per-
vaded the stage as the curtain fell
on Return from Party.

The 16th century, the age of
brutal beauty in Spain. was forcibly
recalled in Parana and Boy Cordi-
nrrl, the first being a flint miniature
of a young girl of the court, dancing
mechanically as her emotions are
betrayed by a facial 'adiation of
blank fury. Boy Cardinal was the
most expertly done. scene. a study
of the oxhubcrance of youth cast
into a web of adult disintegration,
a factor all too apparent in the
religious structure of that day.

The piece dc resistance was Miss
Enters' final offering, Field Day.
All students familiar with the Girl
Scouts, Campfire Girls, and the
Freshman course in Danish 'alis-
thenics certainly recognized the
spirit of moral defeat and weary
muscles. The mime could Irot have
found a more fitting finale for a
successful evening.

To Kurt Adler. Miss Enters' new
accompanist and an assistant di-
rector of the Metropolitan Opera
Company. the audience is indebted
for the expert mood creation
through music. and his ingenious
prompting for curtains while the
stage crew slept.

 

N.b‘. This Column lulcr'n ot‘t'r on
The kinetic theory of personal-
ities, the atomic structure of social
associations anti contacts. becomes
the New Science. Once In the maze
of a remote iIrcomprehensible past.
there ‘ame the beginning of a classi-
fication of elements and compounds.
Later. measurements of certain con-
noted powers were. attributed to
these. and still later. assumptions
and theories were formed concern-
ing their actions, reactions anti irr—
term-Lions.

The elements were designated to
various categories: the active anti
mat-five, their compounds tilie for-
mulaic combination of elements),
to the stable and unstable. Graphic
accounts of their structure were
nuttle in the nature of atomic rings
and systematic conclusions were
drawn by observing the valensic
remainders, on the basis of which
predictions were made in the realm
of the known. the future of the un—
known the behaviour of the t'tllll-
pottrrd

Let's examine It few of the ('l('-
merits in themselves; those with
which we have a fundamental ac-
quaintance. Sodium tNAt is an
lll'll\'t‘. element as well as a stable
substance called a metal, on ele—
ment which can give, hut llllt'h trot
lake. ()n the other hand. \\’t' find
in our elemental laboratory, a gas
called chloride ((fln which is ex-
tremely active and has a definite
yeti for metals. So, (ll. seeks NA
out. and a happy tnrion is formed.
which is with difficulty separated.
Should (.‘i. find instead Argon which
is independent of all outside sources
of approach, it would be repulsed.
’l‘oo. should it seek out sulphur, u
mad, insane, intrepid adventurer.
ngain (‘1. would be repulsed. Aurotrg
our ltllt-ment it‘amily there are those
which align themselves temporarily
with any and with all indiscrimin-
ately quite stable in ttrrion until
made advances upon by II more posi-
tive and active associate. whereupon
ll would yield its present. status for
the new anti more appealing one,
disregarding sentiments of loyalty.
(inc aforcmentionod Argon. with
Kindred Neon, goes blithely on,
obvious to all, yet. not. courageous as
sulphur which alone Wears itself
away, or friendly as NA which
usually forms lusting associations
but simply Intrrl.

We learn noon in otIr laboratory
that We cannot apply too muolr

when!

{l Hoph Des-Ir Edi/or _/o/‘ This Issnr
pressure or stress to our compounds,
or present too many diversions;
for even our most stable fell apart
iir duress. We learn that the atonrie
rings of elements desire to cling
together; that the electrons in the
outer shell of ottr elements (ll'f' no
nrm'r Ihrtn lhc protons tt‘l/lllll,‘ that
often on abstract. arbitrary means
must be intrtnluced in our experi—
ment to consummate the compound
relations, for seldom do they of
themselves seek association. and
last and most important we learn
that not forever do our elements
survive the sturdiest live on unde—
terred by nature's elements. The
weak fall by the way of time and
the inert remain alone and till-
wanted

'l‘llt‘ New Science of Milli.

A sociological study by the ilil‘llll-
lllt‘glt‘ttl tnellltnl, Individuals. com-
vponnds of personalities. friendly
liusons 'l‘he bromides. the sul~
phidt-s. lllt‘ incrts of humanity. all
scattered into various surroundings
to be brought together by our ub-
straet third tshall we say t'ute'ft
having the character-inties by which
We inevitably identify them. The
Weak element. asking from the
strong. the active taking from the
passive.

The kinetic theory of survival.

llnving completed otrr chemical.
sociological experiment. recording
the observations and conclusions,
the remaining step in the scientific
method becomes the Practical Ap-
plit'ution.

in our environmental State.
comes the element “A” having no
outstanding eiruracteristics and
possessing ii reasonably stable na—
ture. “A” is not ovoractivc. under—
uctivr: or inert. llI-r valence, let us
say, is It plus and minus one. "A"
can become a stable compound by
her associations With the. stable, or
an unstable by the same method.
Assuming that "A" has an enlight-
t'lll‘ll intellect she will first. refer
to the New Science, study it care-
fully and, before becoming a part
of any compound or group of corri-
pounds, she will make a personal
experiment considering all those
things which we have outlined as
essential in our survey. l'at'amount
will be the number of (riot-trons
without, which will indicate the
number of protons witirirr, for:

“in tho nrirror of man is reflected
the deeds of the soul."

few

at

Q],

by KIPI’Y MARS l

Today is Election Day. It is commonly supposed in
history textbooks and by ldcalists that this day is one
in which the fullest; meaning of democracy is demon-
strated. Today is the day when the Pcepul go to the
polls willingly and conscientiously to place their vote
for the person whom they honestly believe is best
fitted for the office. who will in best faith carry out the
duties assigned to them, and in addition will initiate
new reforms which he believes for the best interests of
those he represents. This is the dream of the idealist.
To the realist it is nothing more than the puny mani-
festation of a government in which 2/3 of the voters
never use their right of franchise, or who go to the
polls because they have been paid, to support their
party. or to coin an expression to “grind an axe" of
their own.

This is vottr Election Day. State College. What will
you do with it? Shall I tell you? All of you who
ordinarily would not bother to go to the polls. approx-
imately 50’; of you from past records. will cast. a vote
this year because of the preferential ballot in Assembly.
Most of you people will cast a negativo or an indifferent
vote. That is. you will vote against a sorority which
you think is too strong. you will vote against an irr—
dividual whom you think has too nruclr power, you will
vote for a person because ire is the only one you know
or against him because you can‘t stand him personally.
Not. very Inttclr in your favor is it?

How about the other 50% who have enough interest.
to vote anyway? Very likely your sorority told you
that you had better vote last year. You will dutifully
look down the list and check your sorority sisters'
names as you see them. Or perhaps your sorority made
a deal with another sorority in which case that person
will get. your vote. If you should happen to come to an
office for which none of your sorority sisters is tip.
you will vote for the person who belongs to a sorority
which is not. likely to challenge the position of your
own or who might be in a position to help your
sorority out. If you belong to the Independent party
your position will be nruch the satire. It will be taken
for granted that. you will vote for whichever members
of the Independents are tip.

Pressure politics are Irot unknown in State College.
It has been demonstrated in smaller bodies that a
group of people. will distribute the important offices
among themselves and their friends and bring irr-
fluence to bear on people whom they know to be fairly
indifferent. This happens in sororities aIrd iIr class
elections and can happen in Student Association elec-
tions. It will be another factor.

Perhaps in ottr large student body there are a few
people who believe in democracy. its inherent good and
the responsibilities which it entails. If you are such
a one I should like to meet you and shake your hand.
I shall pitv you for your honest vote will be lost in the
muck of meaningless aird dishonest ones.

I cannot entirely blame those people who tll't' dis-
interested. They know in their innermost hearts that
sorority and group politics has spread a web which
no one ran escape and they feel that their vote has no
meaning. Brit there Is meaning. Every group. no
matter how powerful. lakes irrlo consideration a cer-
Iain percentage which they cannot control or tell in
way their votes will fall. [“ot' this be ll‘llt‘ to yourself and
to your ideals of democracy. l.I-t no one dictate how
your ballot will be checked unless you are honestly con—
vinced that it is the right way to \’till' for you.

I have heard of democracy bttt l have never seen it.

——ltls A Fact

We sw'nft'tl. pulletl t)lll' hair. and chewed on our
finger-nails . . . and still we could find no :ltl_|l’t'll\'t'b
of the duality appropriate ittl‘ the high calibre of the
"lliuc Devils"!

You see. dear freshmen. we seriously considered
writing an editorial showing how the Holilitrlnort's held
the high hand in the l“i'nsll—St)])li rivalry. Alter cnre~
fully considering all and sundry points, reading. and
re-reading accounts of 15m rIvalry. and so forllr. we
decided there was no real need for an editorial to
prove our superiorin and that there was no real con«
trovorsvi You see. dear (tremihrs. that the Hoplis have
it. all over you is not a theory, but a fact!

The Weekly Bulletin—-

 

 

 

hill I \I. l.\l.l‘i\l)\|( l'l‘I-III Ill \\l in .i l‘ \l

.\prIt _‘\ .\tI~.-nt-I- toting .\pri| L'ii \‘nplr- pr. «n‘
lut' ~t|ltlelil~ I|n.I|I|I- to .Il ‘lIll \\l \lll‘l \gIllI
it till fl’~\i'lllltl\ llltl.|\ ln' "¥l"l| ‘" ii“ “iii Vll'll [lilt-
“\H H L. “m,” “HI I m I. \l llIl\\ i I “III it.|l .lllll \\|ll
In lu\\I-t' lI.lll nt lll'.||nl 1'“ L'""' “I I‘llli‘ ll.tli roll

\IIl'll A “IN lilltn """""“ f", ‘ " " " """"‘

‘lIlll . .‘.I.r

thaw .tllllItIl 'I'Illtl'l'l' and \l I I - . .
I‘ll.|l|-l|l.lll ..l |l|t lippart I.‘ will“ I”: Hull“ ‘Idilnl'ri
lllt til at l-anh-II at South “M”, “M” — ,I'., on If \IIL
I'ollr.:r‘ “Hi to prI-outml \Ln :1 l 'mll " "\mm,“
.It Ih.‘ .\|lI.In_\ lll~li|l||t' of IL,“ ‘ l....,..ti.- \lom- it.-
:,|‘\'l"':; _ "":l ‘V'l "' “.‘f'l’ l'ill'lllll'll 'll'l'Kl'lll" \IIoIt..l
\\ i” . it “It I it" up. "l‘ 1"" Spring \lnsn- l"t'r»|l\tll III III.-
I I“ l'“> h” |_ "“ ‘H "‘l l’hilip l.|\l||}."lttll .lumor
“ ‘ i'“  "‘ l” " llIglI School .Ittdilorium
I‘\|‘l‘l —" \llll'“ “Ii-'l' t'oIit'r i'l starts at N l-l I‘ \l
hr'limtl show» l'I'\|\.I|.s of 'l‘1,|\'.l\ \IIM .H H“, mm,-
lwu old. popular pit-lures \I ~ '

H I , I _ H .I,I a \lmtn' | l>.t\'
' lltl' hon ol llli' Monk and t'I'l't'lIltll|\ .rt shift I, \\l

"Topper 'l'ulttvs .t 'l'I'tp." in

V l"I'o~‘II Norlr s-t' It ' ; l'
l‘.IgI- llall auditorium .II I in” "HI '\

silt): III the Honing.

N In i'l'it'c is With lilt'lli'llllli .\l;tv ti l‘enlenui'tl ll‘tt‘
tar . I” ' ‘ . llllll .\lumni ltay l‘tIilIlllllo'

.\|illl _.i ‘ lr'rss (outer Stall- t‘ollt-gr- \loviI- shown.
i‘lli'i' for lapttnl lnslricl .lohn I‘lrsltlmn author.

will ll" held in lllt‘ Lounge slit-alts iii Page llull

.muwrdnwsw‘ ;

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1944

PAGE 3

 

. . . . The Cinderella Story Of ’46

Here we are, the Sophomores,

Here we are,

Our pop and spirit comes from
near and far,

We all go around, never wear a

frown . . .

And we have rt rccord that you

cannot mar . . .

The Cinderella story of the Class
. Ciothcd in sack-cloth
and ashes. we trudged from the
Killowogs, the Henriettas. and the
Kcrhonksons to the alien corridors
of State. The hearth was cold.
We were introduced to our Mother
and Step-sisters; but unlike the
Cinderella of the ‘Grim' fairy tales.
our 1th concealed low Regents'
averages, peculiar personalities. and
a disregard for rivalry traditions.

\Vith us began frustration.

'l‘he Have-Nets

Wc could not get acquainted at
frosh ramp. We did not have one.
Wc could trot win the banner hunt.
We did not have. one. ch could not
hide our mascot. We did trot have
one. We could not brag of ottr
men and dates. \\'c did not have
one.

But we had spirit!

For the first titnc in years. a
freshman class won the push-ball
rivalry. and after the game even one
of our step-sisters had to admit
that “the Blue Devils have shown a
lot rrrore spirit than '45. arid spirit
is what brings home the bacon."

But what would any Cinderella be
without a Prince Charming? Ours
was Stan Abrams. the Long island
Lothario. now wooing a dish nrop in
some Army kitchen.

But Prince Charming had no
place to take Cinderella. He couldn't
take her to the Butt] no money!
He couldn't take her to Ockie‘s
t'crholcn.’ And soooonoo dragging
ottt his pumpkin coach and his six

New Placements

Released by SEB

Miss Doris Kelly. trend of the
Student Employment Bureau. has re-
leased tire following names of Seniors
arid graduate students who have
obtained jobs for the coming year.
They are as follows:

’l‘homnsinn Pallotta, Social Studies,
English and French. Brant Lake;
Leda [in Hallo. Conunercc. ltuslrville;
Helen b‘cislowsky, Commerce. Cherry
Valley: Elizabeth Williams, Cirill-
merce, Roscoe; Mrs. Verna Snyder
chbold. Social Studies and English.
Cherry Valley; l‘tuth St'liillill. Eng-
lish and Dramatics. (irecnporl;
.lanet Baxter. English anti Latin.
Kerhonkson: Mary llI-tty Slengel.
English. Social Studies. and Library,
Kerhonkson; .lune Melville. English
and Social Studies. East Nassau;
Shirley l-larlz. Mathematics. Frank—
lin: Angela Wierzbowski. Science.
Middleburg; Shirley (.‘oddington,
i.alin and lt‘rench. (into; Ruth Shan—
ley. French. and Latin. Mohawk;
Elaine (lrognn Leahy. Social Studies
arid English. lCllenburt‘; (ierlrttdc
Mt-llzer. Commerce. Kerlionkson:
lll'lt‘ll llenuessey, English and l.i-
br'nry. (.‘lrester; lhn'bara Smith.
Social Studies. Berlin; Shirley ()ll.
English. (.‘hurchvtlle: Nancy Wilcox,
English and Dramatics, Varrcns-
burg: iriillan (iross. Comtrrerce. Dex-
ter. Claire Ingalls, English and
Library. Custleton: Caroline Livoly,
illnglislr and Social Studies. Hyde
Park; licrtraur Kiley. lilirglislr. llI-u—
velton; Adelin llucci. Ctillliilt't't'c,
Iumdcn.

Futterer Announces

Changes in AD Cast

Several changes in the final Al)
production have been announced by
Agnes l"lllll‘l't'l'. Assistant Professor
of English and director of the Ad»
Villlt't'(l Dramatic-s play, "Stage
Door." lit-rtranr Kiley. ‘li. will re—
place (ieorgt- l’oulis. '-l'7. as Keith
llurgcss. llarry thrtz. '-l~i. will be
the business liitlll opposite William
Mallory, “17; Charles ’l‘tu'cotte, Kiri.
will take the part of Adolf (.‘rrotzel;
l)()(lll‘ Eurlng. '44. will portray Put.
a toe dancer; and David Kt'otnun.
‘36. of Operetta fume. will replace
Mr. Kiley as David Kingsley.

Rehearsals for the play are held
every Monday. ’I‘uesday. Inrd Wod-
uesday evenings. The play will be
presented on Friday. May 19. in
Page Hull auditorium.

 

 

little white rats. by name, Blviano,
Chcllemi, Cummings. Laurie. Smythe
and Wall, he took her to the Com-
mons for the first Fresh Hop in the
history of the College.

The rceking of Chanel No. 5 se-
duced the stately corridors of Pierce

at 12:03 leaving our step-sisters in
their cups!

Came dawn. and a new Prince
Charming!

Bob Sullivan. grasping Cinder-
ella in his arms, flow on in search
of the silver slipper . . . .

 

 

Six Sophomore Desk Editors: Berbrich. Buetow. LoFaro. McFerron.
ONeIi and Scudder. lollilly laboriously over a headline for the
Sophomore Issue.

Hall as Cinderella vowed to avenge
the indignities and humiliations
thrust upon her by her step-sisters!
She even tried to take the starch
out of their false front by slinging
several 'arel'ully selected pails of
Aqua. llu(i. at such extinguished
characters as Sanderson. Now. Car-
Inany. and Hooth.

Alas. for mrtiglrt!l

it‘or 12:oo came all too soon. The
shor- didn't fit, and we hobbled home

But the land where Cinderella lives
is a democracywand so there were
elections. V. P. Hayes, Money-Bags
McGrath. and Petr - and - Pencil
Moody were chosen to aid Prince
Charming.

Even a caterpillar becomes a
buterfly—and Cinderella. dutifully
"going to war." auctioned her prec-
ious treasures tshoe strings. etc! for
the WAC's money belt.

()ur prince. dcah children. long

Sophs 70 Show Their Super-Do
In Remaining Moving-Up Day Till

To the Class of ‘ll'i, \ve Sopho-
mores His last year's freshmen» he—
tpn-athed the silver rivalry cup. To
the (.‘lass of '17, We do trot intend to
do the some!

The hockey game was the first
meeting of the "little Devils" and
the "( lreen (lrI-mlins” in actual cour-
bul. 'l'he Sophomore Devils ont-
Illllllt'll\'t‘i't‘tl the tlrt-mlins and. with
two points to their favor, began the
battle with the freshmen that has
lasted the entire year.

It was at the banner hunt that
the Soplr spirit came to the fore.
()nI-t- having secured the green and
white lI‘I'osh banner. the Sophs put
up a magnificent stand to keep it
in their possession. The student
body realizes. of course, that there
are more tillltl trigger, it says here)
l'reslrInI-n lllllll llll'l'i‘ are Sophs. so
the "l? bunnct' \vus l‘t'll't'lYt‘tl. At
present. both the freshman and
Sophomore banners are hidden. if
neither banner is uncovered before
Moving-lip llny. no points will be
awarded for this hunt.

“Shoupitv” and "Slackie" with
three legs between them, and other
gals of 'tti. ran the Hoplis to victory
at thr- (‘anipus liuy obstacle races.
The victorious Sophomores earned
three points.

l’nge Hall was llll‘ scene of the
rivalry skits. ’l‘he l‘g points award-
t'tl for the best skit went to the
Sophomores for their parody on It
defense \vot'ker.

llittle did the classes realize what
would he the effect. of the debate
held itr Assembly of the end of the
first semester. The topic of the de-
bate was. lit-solved: 'I'hrt/ Itll Irish-
mun Iltt‘ll short/II tl'lttl' bras-h cuts.
and the result was 2';- rivnlry points
awarded to the class of "l7. 'l'skJsk.
the frosh lIuIl delicate settlps!

'l‘hr- Sophomores were trot so far
ahead now The frosh were waking
up, and they began to realize that
their one-cent seats in the lrulcony
held irrrportunt people, who could
push their class ahead. ’l‘hey looked
forward eagerly to the basketball
games with the Class of '-lti they
won again, with a gain of It points
to be added to their previous score.
giving thorn a total of 5': points.
Cheering at these games was scored
by members of Myskaniu who will
give the final decision next Friday.
The class in whose favor the de-
cision is tirade will thus gain two

points. Quality values greater than
quantity.

The final score for the swimming
meet was 27-13. in favor of the
Sophomores. 'l‘his meet yielded two
more points to the (‘luss of‘hlti.
it‘I't-shnren poor lish.’

Two Weeks later. the rivalry sing
took place in Assembly. Each of
the two rival classes wrote :I fight
song. a song to each other. and an
Alma Mater which had to be
original in music and words. I’l‘he
Soplrs were again victorious. and
11': points were added to the score
of ng, rrraking‘ a total of It points,
which is the score as it now stands.
The freshmen have 5‘: points . .

l)itl anyone notice the rubber bout
hanging perilously above the stump
booth in liower liruper a few weeks
ago? 'l‘hc freshmen are selling war
stumps. in fact. the frosh llflt‘I been
selling stamps for almost six weeks.
The Hophs sold stamps during the
short. month of l<‘ebruar_v. \\'ill the
l‘roslr in their six weeks twill it be
longer? run it ire longer?) sell as
runny stamps as the Sophs did dur—
ing their brief sponsorship of the
iootlr‘.’ Only time and May 5 will
bring the answers to these ques-
tions.

The cup is not yet won. however.
for \var activities. softball game,
tug of war. field events, class stunts.
and Moving-lip l)ay Sing are still to
be contested. The winners will add
points to the scores already re-
ceived, and the numeral of the win—
ning class will be engraved on the
silver rivalry cup. Which shall it
he Itt'ltiot liltl'l'.’

D&A To Sponsor Exhibit

Under the sponsorship of the lira-
mutlcs and Arts Cottncil, an exhibit
cnliilt'tl "introduction to Modern
l’aintiugs" will be displayed from
May 15 until May lit). The exhibit
will llt' loaned to l)&A by the
Museum of Modern Art in New York.
Elizabeth Mc(‘n'ath and Harriet
iirinkrnun. Sophomores. are it
charge of the display.

New Officers

At a recent meeting of 1)th
elections for new officers were held
and the incoming membch lined up.
The names will be released on
Moving—Up Day.

before the curfew hour. was leading
his first love by the patty to the
pastry-roiled mat concealing a
green plum that proved indigestible
because of its many pit-falls! No
sooner had P.C. escaped from the
confines of Page than a swarm of
locusts “sent direct from heaven"
fell upon him and devoured the cap-
tured plum.

Brush-cut Marathon

Once upon a time there was a
lltle boy named Joe. He had some
hair . . . dark. curly hair. Thirteen
gnomes picked up the phone—~

“Hello. Joe. what d'you know?
Strident Council meeting."

And Joe fell. hook, line, and all
360 members of the freshman class.
Out came the sclssor's——prcstol Feel-
ing blue and bald. Joe staggered to
the refuge of Saylcs Annex from the
clutching arms of the thirteen
gnomes.

Eat, Drink and Be Merry

Cinderella. discarding her sack-
cloth and ashes for a . . . coke, trip-
ped into the Ten Ike. She ate. She.
sang. She laughed. Soc emerged
from a kIrow—it-all Frosh to a spec-
tacular umrcrclassman. Tsk, tsk.
what a banquet. can do to one!

Our chase having been temporarily
abandoned. we directed our efforts
toward refilling the money-bags,
T. S. cards. and Scudder's Purity
Test. the score being 93-4.

Cinderella had graduated frotn the
adolescent stage.

Sooooo—on Moving-Up Day, after
the grand procession. Cinderella will
exchange her rags for the glorious
blue gown of Destiny and step into
the glass slipper:

Herc 1(‘(' are, lhc Snpltonlorl's,

11(3)? lt‘(' (I)‘( .

 

 

Moving-Up Day_
(CON/lllllf'd front pug/c 1. column l,/

3. Sophomores will move right
facing the stage across and up the
right aisle and the right staircase to
the mezzanine and balcony.

4. Freshmen will move down the
left staircase facing the stage down
the left aisle to occupy the section
'acaled by the Juniors.

The remaining freshmen will fill
in the centc' and right hand sec-
tions of the downstairs and if nec-
essary, 25 freshmen will remain up-
stairs in the left mezzanine facing
the stage.

After the announcement of the
Student Association elections. the
last item of business on the pro-
gram, all will stand and sing the
Fight Song and the National Arr-
them. Then each class will ire
cheered.

’l‘he reeessional will take place
as follows:

l. The old and new Myskanin
will mart-h out first. up the right
aisle facing the stage and out the
center door of Page.

12. The Seniors will move right
across the aisles and up the right
hand aisle. following Myskunia.

ll. 'l‘lrt- .luniors will move right
across the aisles and tip the right
center aisle. after all Seniors have
vacated their section.

-t.Sophomores will move right
across the Irrezznnine and balcony
aisles, down the right staircase. anti
follow the .luniors ottt the center
dool'.

fr. ’l‘he freslnnen will move right
across the aisles and up the left
center aisle after the Sophomores
have vacated the balcony.

Leaving the auditorium. classes
will walk in a double litre, their
couples will split, fornring It single
line on either side of the path.

The litre of mnrch will be from
l’age around the walk to lluestcd,
out lluested pntlr to \\'estern Ave-
line. up \\'estern to Albany High
School, up the path from \Vestern
to Milne. and across the lawn to
the class numerals.

When the freshmen have passed
between the old and new Myskunius.
who will be lilting the path immed—
lately outside of the Page “all door.
the Myskunlas will follow the fresh—
nren through the litre of classes
around the litre of march and across
the lawn to the numerals.

lt‘ur'lt class is to hold ils nnntcruls
until all the numbers huec ln't‘ll
fornu'd. Students will their proceed
to the perister betwoen Huested
and Draper where the traditional
ivy planting will take place.

Seven Sororities
Elect Officers
For Coming Year

President of lntersorority
To Be Betty Carmany

Sorority officers for next year were
elected during the past two weeks.
Elizabeth Carmany, '45, President
of Psi Gamma, will be president of
Intersorortty Council.

Tire Kappa Delta elections result-
ed in the selection of Joan Smith,
’45. President; Nora Crumm, ’45. Vice
President; Phyllis Carpenter, '46,
House Treasurer. and Arlene Skin-
ner, ’46. House Secretary. The re-
maining sorority officers will be
elected next week. Kappa Delta's
Intersororlty tea will be tomorrow,
and the faculty tea Sunday after-
noon.

Psi Gamma chose the following
officers: President. Elizabeth Car-
many. '45; Vice-President. Mary
Now. '45: House President. Margaret
Schlott, '45; Recording Secretary,
Lois Drury. '45. Corresponding Sec-
retary. Ann Keelrle. ’45; Treasurer.
Janet Mather. '45: Critic. Jean Burk-
hard. '45. Stewarchs. Isabel Malloy.
'46. Elizabeth O'Neil, ’46. and Edna
Sweeney. ‘47, pledged membership to
Psi Gamma Thursday.

Tire new officers for Chi Sigma
Theta are: President, Mary Curran,
'45; Vice-President. Marie DeChene.
'45; Secretary, Joyce McDonald. ’46.
Treasurer. Sarah Jane Johnson. '47:
Alumnae Secretary, Dorothea Smith,
‘45.

Gamma Kappa Phi's new officers
are: President, Yefkln DerBedroslan.
'44. Vice President, Jayne Cheney.
‘45; Treasurer. Anita Pcdisich. '46;
Recording Secretary. Alice Young,
‘46; Corresponding Secretary, Helen
Coiuzzi. '46: Historian, Betty Philips.
’46: Marshals, Katherine Murphy
and Gloria Breclin. freshmen; Clerk,
Geraldine Callahan. '47.

Alpha Epsilon Phi has also released
the results of their election: Dean,
Pauline Kleine. '45: Sub-Dean. Bea-
trice Raymon, ’45. Treasurer. Selma
Krcisbcrg. ‘46. Scribe. Harriet Green-
berg, ’46, Alumni Secretary, Leila
Santz. '46.

Beta Zeta officers are: President.
Lucille Stilt, '45: Vice President.
Janet Brumnr. ’45: Secretary. Geor-
gette Dunn. '46: Treasurer, Helen
Bushnell. ‘45; Alun‘nrae Secretary.
Lois Hutchinson. ‘47; Marshals,
Alice Knapp and Jeanette Settle,
freshmen; Chaplain. Doris Jenks,
‘46: House President. Ruth Blake.
'45; House Vice-President. Georgene
Lovecky. '46.

The new Phi Delta officers are:
President. Helen Stuart. '45; Vice-
President. [“rances Burnhart. ’45;
Marshal. Doris Burton. '45; Treas-
urer, Betty liamilton '~tti; Recording
Secretary. J Ian Thornhill. '47; Cor-
l‘(.‘S[)()ll(lllll.". Secretary. Joy Becker's,
'47. Marshal. Annette Koelrn. '47;
House President. Elaine Harris. '45.

New Scholarship Plan
To Be inaugurated

The Education Department has
released a revised plan for New York
State scholarships. Tire new plan
will go iirto effect next Irrorrtlr.

In place of the previous method of
awarding the scholarships on the
basis of regents average, the new
plan is to select the recipients on
the new criterion of tests.

Any student who graduated from a
State high school last January may
qualify. A statement must be se-
cured t'rom the high school principal.
and the results of the test will be
transferred to him.

Tire new method is an attempt to
secure a fairer and Inore accurate
selection.

’l‘ests tor the high schools in the
Albany area will be conducted In
ltoom ‘Jti, Richardson. May 4. 9:15-
lzrlir and 2-~i and on May 5. 9:15-
12:45.

Newman Officers Elccie—d

Newman Hall sponsored her an—
nual house elections Wednesday,
with the following results: President,
Agnes Fitzpatrick, '45; Vice—Presl-
dent. Mary Struub. '46; Secretary,
Mary Elizabeth Sullivan. '47; Treas-
urer, Patricia Sheehtm, '47; Histor-
ian. Mare Trapasso, '45. and Song
Leaders, Josephine Magglo and
Helen Colluzzl. Sophomores.

 

 

fa. .M. . 

