. " F'Mernberrv '
Associated Collegiate Press
Vti‘iie undergraduate newspaper of the New York State

‘ MARION BUETOW - -

 

 

1 srArE COLLEGE news

t" 3  Erastus-a Atty-1916
ll   Ovi‘heClmoHOto
 L I. September 29, 1944 No. 3
Distributor

Collegiate Digest

College for 'l‘enchersi‘gabllshed every Friday of the Col-

1 a 'car by the N ‘ _
tlgnr 3Ir'hornes: Office, 6-0313; Meyers, 2-1337; Drury, 2-2702.

 

 

run '0' ‘ . ‘ A." II
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publlrbm Reprmntaﬂw

‘20 MADIION AVI. NIW YORK. N. Y.
cureno - lorroli - Lou AIIILII ° tun Function

The News Board
DOROTHY M. MEYERS - -
SUNNA E. COOPER
EDNA M. MARSH l’
LOIS, DRURY - -
DOROTHEA SMITH -
JOAN HYLIND - .
JOAN BERBRICH . -

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
(IO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR~
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

ELIZABETH O'NEIL - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

«ame

 

Something New Eliminated ' Q -

No, let us not have unorganized rivalry. Let us
not get acquainted with the incoming classes by
having fun with them. Fundamentally, we are
malicious. We do not know when or where to stop.
We try to scare the freshmen into leaving college by
our childish pranks.

But we do not do all this in fun. Behind the
laughter that accompanies our activities, is a hate
for our fellow men, a desire to drive our rivals to the
dire end. Behind the glamorous robes of intelligence
quotients and collegiate personalities, there exists
the mind of a beast—a beast whose instinct guides
him to tear his victims apart, play with them until
he tires, only to leave them to suffer and die slowly
and inconspiciously. ,

Unorganized rivalry, that is, impromptu perform-
ances in the group houses by the rival classes, has
always been in integral part of inter-class rivalry.
It has been one of the activities most conducive to
the growth of class spirit, and consequently to school
spirit. Can anyone in his right mind deny that
rivalry between ’46 and ’47 began in the group
houses? Members of both classes were called cruel
and unscrupulous when they took a shortcut to
inspiring their rivals to really work toward winning
rivalry. Both classes displayed such enthusiasm
in War Activities that studendous results were ac-
complished. Previously, the classes took rivalry as
a matter of course, but after a few memorable
episodes in various group houses, spirit did not die
until the very end and each class was ready to praise
the qualities of sportsmanship and spirit evident in
the other.

There is no student at State so malicious that he
would deliberately harm another. There are very
few who would do so through an overwhelming dose
of rivalry spirit. Most of us realize that rivalry is
sometimes the only thing that holds the homesick
frosh. Most of us would also agree that there should
be some limit to unorganized rivalry. We are not
so narrow-minded that we overlook the necessity
for rules.

We only ask leaway for moderate expression of
rivalry spirit.

Here Lies - - -

When a great idea is launched at just the right
time, and when it is received with shouts of approval
and acclamation, and then. after three short months
of existence, peters out, something is wrong 
obviously. Something? ~-~- Someone.

State students looked to the independent l’ro-
grossivc l’arty. organized last March. for a chance
to discuss candidates openly, and to vote indo-
pcndcntly~~for the best man. Dictatorial orders
and methods taste bitter to such a group. And
intolerance is intolerance whether wrapper! in the
robes of non-Greeks (against sororities) or in thc
togas of the Greeks themselves.

Attendance at meetings dwindlch-~-»lack of in-
terest became apparent. Organization of a "liig
'I‘en Annex" (never given) caused a partial revival
whose ripples were felt until the close of college in
June. Elections wore held and then were over.
Score up a couple of victories for the WP his
most important, anywava-

Actually. the WP died a quiet death not very
long after the first early days of May. iiut no one
mentioned that-«it wouldn’t have been cricket.
Subtlety at any price. . . .

 

S Board for the Student Associa‘r‘

LETTER FROM SAK

  
 

{ _. srAiE COLLEGE NEws, FRIDAY; SEPTEMBER 29, 1944

A

T.

 

ED. NOTE: We are herewith re-
printing part of a letter written by
Lt. Andrew Takes, now in France.
He was at one time a columnist on
the News.

A night advance is a frightening
affair. The column, moves along
quietly, each man with his eyes on
the one in front of him. No one
talks, no one makes any noise. It’s
just a line of silent ghosts. each one
straining to hear every little sound.
trying to catch the first hint of
danger. Off in the distance you can
hear artillery booming. An airplane
drones overhead and you know it to
be German. Once in a while a
riﬂe or machine gun opens up closer
and everyone wonders what’s going
on—why the firing is taking place.
And over it all shines a. lovers‘ moon
and the never-changing stars.

We marched all night and half
the next day, eventually reaching
our objective. The Germans had
realized they were surrounded and
had withdrawn. The next day was
the same—a night march deep into
enemy territory. But this time it
was not half so tense. We were
tired, we had done the same thing
the night before and We had no
wish to worry about it. Halfway
through the night we dug in on a
high hill and waited for morning.

We pushed off again, advancing
uneventfully about a mile. There
was a crossroads at one point and
two men in the lead crossed it. The
number 3 man looked to his right
as he went over, and there was a
tank about 200 yards away, waiting
for him. The tank opened up with
the 88-mrn. gun and the shell
whammed by in front of this kid.
almost taking his nose off. The
breeze almost blew him over. and
the concussion when the shell ex-
ploded finished the job. That shell
blew a hole two feet around in a
house on the corner. If it had hit
my boy it would have decimated

m.

I’ll never forget that place. It was
just a little crossroads village that
isn't worth fighting for.

For the rest of that day I forgot
how tired I was as we battled for
that crossroads village. I stopped
my platoon and tried to‘ take it
without help and waited. The
colonel called up on the radio and
eventually the captain came roaring
up to see what in hell the delay
was. He found out sooner than he
expected when 88’s started dropping
all around us.

Well, we called for artillery and
watched them systematically reduce

the town to a cloud of dust and
smoke. They also put a fear of God
into us by dropping 12 rounds short
—right into our laps. We sat and
watched the artillery pound away
at the town and finally it lifted and
I picked up the platoon and we
started out again. '

My lead squad moved out and
they went down the road into the
village. There was a, slight curve
ahead of me and I couldn't see the
crossroads but suddenly I heard
three German machine guns open
up. Everybody hit the dirt and I
went up to Sally the squad leader
to find out what happened. He
had been third in line and from
where we were We could see the
crossroads and the houses. The
Germans had waited till our scouts
were almost on them, then they
opened up.

We were lucky to lose only the
first man. As we watched the
second scout and the two flank men
came scooting back to safety with
machine gun tracers chasing them
all the way.

We lost only one man. That’s an
easy sentence to write but I can
never forget the last look I had at
the boy.

He was 18 years old. a little
country kid from a tiny town in
Georgia. He always had a smile and
I had never heard him complain.
His beard had not yet begun to
grow; he was just a kid. I got to
know him through his letters that
I read. He wrote only to his mother
and sister—letters that were in-
variably illiterate but always sweet
and hopeful. "Don’t worry, mom
dear, when I come back everything
will be alright and you won’t have
to work so hard. Take care of your-
self. mom—."

I dropped out to look at him. He
had been lying there about 16 hours
and his face and hands were pale
and wax-like. He had never known
what hit him—the machine gun had
put a bullet in his left eye that
killed him instantly and had stitch-
ed a chain acrOSS his chest. His
rifle was still in his arms and he
lay curled up in the ditch as if he
were sound asleep. No more for him
the red clay. the cotton fields. or
the piney woods—he had traded
them for the right to walk through
a French town whose name he had
never known.

The medic came up to put a tag
on him and I left. forcing myself
to say. “So what?" Death is com-
monplace here. And his had been
quick. neat. and painless. But I
shall never forget that boy.

 

 

SW4

 

J.

Sorry. old fellow. maybe it’s your
fault. I'm a kindred spirit. I’d like
to grumble along with you. I'm fond
of the vehement demand, “Nothing's
been done—why not?" But I'm still
too much a part of State to join in
your harranguing.

Your problem, old Service Flag. is
that you don’t understand State.
The class that hung a new banner in
Draper Hall is the class of real spirit.
the class of whom State is proud.
but our classes here. unfortunately.
haven't been forced to look at the
world and travel along with it. That's
a very good reason why we haven’t
paid you much tribute yet. old follow.

We‘re very busy getting our little
world in order. Unpacking is such a
drudge: getting acquainted all over
again and planning the year's activi-
ties are time consuming. And rush-
ing and receptions—you just don't
realize. Or perhaps you've forgotten.

The girls came back to school on
time. some of them days before regis-
tration. just. to repaint the furniture
and make new bedspreads to impress
the newcomers to un inportunt world.
the universe of State College for
Teachers. They came back to cuter-
tnin. to guide. and to prepare. They
came back to sound the voice of the
people in the official organ of the
College. They arrived for many
reasons. and they wore busy. Your
class used to do that, have you for-
gotten?

War Activities wasn't. quite im-
portant enough to merit attention
bolero school started.

I said it's your fault. old follow.
You should have planned something
in honor of the fresh, done a bit of
rushing a couple of weeks ago. or at

'1‘.

least squeezed yourself into our tiny
world.

Dear Service Flag. why not a re-
ception? The fresh would have
howled at that duo who sang about
"Der Fuehrer’s Face.” and the upper-
classmcn would never tire of a repe-
tition like that. The Presidents of the
old classes could have given welcom-
ing speeches. friendly and humor-
ous. And the fellows who introduced
the first ballet and bubble dances
to State would have been a howl.
Or that line of "models" who borrow-
ed classniatcs’ formals to give a
fashion show for the fresh or Sopli
skit—~why couldn't they have per-
formed? Surcly. the "Men of State"
could have been rounded up for some
songs.

Oh. I realize that the boys who
frolickcd and mimicked the Fuchrcr
now lich APO addresses. Most of
your class has. It’s going to takc
time it) make us rcalizc that thoro‘ll
bc a long time time before tlic major-
ity of the boys lllth' i‘urlouglis or
leaves. We're not indlfl‘crcnt. rather
just slow. 'l‘lint's another part of
the little college World you’vc for-
gotten.

Nowmun Club has sitli'i.('(l the
Blood Bank sig‘nup procedure. and
Student Council has gotten around
lo getting ready to take ovvr the
Stamp Booth. I predict. that. Wur
Activities Council will come out
with some really super plans for
aiding the war effort. State has
prepared everything also necessary
for the college your and has a clear
bond to prepare and eventually come
turn with contributions to the united
War Effort.

Couldn't you. or your boys. have
made the effort. old fellow?

raw
w

--by KIPPY MARSH
THE SAD TALE OF THE FROSH

Every year we got freshmen . . . That ain’t bad
enough we got rivalry . . . That ain’t bad enough we
got even more troubles . . . Each year the sophomores
in the pursuance of their evil duty invariably dent,
dement. or otherwise deface some hapless member 'of
the lower class. Whereupon the slightly bewildered
victim finds himself surrounded by housemothers,
zealous counselors and other interested parties who
demand that “something be done about it” . . . This
invariably produces action guaranteed of an unpleasant
nature and calculated to arouse every member of the
rival classes . . . Dormites pore over the midnight oil
composing passionate letters of protest to the editor
. . . If the editor has red hair he composes passionate
editorials of protest . . . Meanwhile the authorities
entrenched behind their Maginot Line deny all and
retract nothing. The whole affair serves to give the
women of the college something to expend their excess
energy upon . . . And what happens after this? . . .
Nothing . . . Absolutely nothing . . . A demented
columnist slightly bored with the year's ineffectual
attempt at individualism merely yawns . . .

WIIASA MATTER?

Speaking of the class of ’48 . . . where are they?
According to the figures released by the registrar they
are three hundred and thirty strong . . . hmmm . . .
all we've seen so far is a blur in the balcony. a mob
buying books in the Co—op and a bread line in the
cafeteria . . . It takes time of course to learn that the
Sophomores are to be hated, reviled. kicked, beaten
and tortured . . . At least twenty-four hours . . . Whasa
matter fresh? . . . got no red corpsuckles? . . . need
vitamins? . . . Confuscius say he who hesitates has
already lost Rivalry.

INDEPENDENCE DAY

No bombs were thrown. no cellars blown up, no
brave leaders shot to death at the hands of a firing
squad, shouting “Kamarad” to the last . . . Just a quiet
death. induced by a dull apathy, doctored by a bloodless
cause, and administered last rites by a gutless system
. . . Grave will be unadorned and uncared for . . .
Headstone will read "Here lies the Independent Party
born to Cis Goldberg and the Student Association.
Deserted in infancy and died of malnutrition . . . If
anyone read this let him remember the lost cause for
which it died." . . .

SERVICE LETTER

“Doc” Jones has been pouring over his typewriter
again, preparing to send out his nth greeting to the
boys . . . Much work, much news and much love . . .
Please contribute the addresses that you have . . . The
worthy doctor promises not to reveal them to any
startling blondcs . . . Anyone know where the following
people have been keeping themselves? . . . Cpl. Roland
Waterman . . . Ensign Will Muller . . . Cpl. Richard
Ribner . . . Seaman 2nd class Nick Murphy . . . Pvt.
Edgar Tompkins . . . Rod Fraser . . . Lt. Charles Elling-
er and Ensign Morris Gerber . .

SERVICE FLAG

Once we could write of new addresses and new pro-
motions . . . Now added to our column are lists of those
who were killed or are missing in action . . . Four men
from State on the page of those missing . . . Lt. tj.g.i
James Maloney . . . Robert Seifert . . . Lt. Will Valley
. . . Lt. August Kasper . . . Prisoner of war in Germany
. . . George Evans . . . State’s flag will hold two more
gold stars . . . dedicated to Major Bernard Gaffney who
was killed when a plane exploded . . . and to Sgt.
William Scholz who was killed on D Day . . . This
makes a total of six gold stars on the flag . . .

ADDENDA

“Greetings or shall I say ‘Aloha' " from Lt. Passow
. . . Balloting from Ft. Oglethorpe quote “Pvt Edith 'I‘.
Anny of Buffalo. is now taking her basic training at
the Third WAC Training Center here. On completion
of this six-week course of instruction she will be assign-
ed to fill one of' the 239 non-combatant jobs hi the
Army. Pvt. Ancy is the sister of Ensign John 1... Alloy
oi the Navy Air Force and T/Sgt. William C. Ancy
who was a member 01' the Air Corps and is now it
prisoner of war in Germany." . . . Isabella lilocli who
completed her graduate work at State in '42 has arrived
in England to serve as an American Red Cross assistant
. . Agnes Mlcliucls is also Rcd Cross "2. ' ‘
recently arrived in India . . . Around 
Vining. Mr. and Mrs. ltay Vcrroy, lid (tote . . . and how
could we forget. llic unforgettublcs those fugitives from
the class oi ’44. the inimitable Misscs Baxter and
Stongcl living in that wornout outpost. of" civilization
with a name like a Ford horn . . . and thc chcl and
 Mrs. OWcu Bombard whose husband was rcccnilv

The-Weekly Bulletin“

 

 

Svpl. ‘itl 'i‘In- I‘rcsltlcnl‘s Hcl. ! .\‘t‘.\ \vlll minim-I
rot-option \vlll lw llt'lll in its first tl|il'll inwllug with
lln- ["ch liooin ol' l'li-I'Hi- llr. i‘ronsilall- as guosl
linll at 8:00 i’. .\. spiralivr in lln~ lngh- lionni

Hopi. :io lilllol will hunt szltl n. .u. '
ils nuuuni rm-cpllon for 1nd. .3 .\‘ntvmuu imqu lls
l’I'i-siiun-u in tho lounge. 5 \\'l‘l'lil.\' un-u-llln.r at .\‘civluan
Io IL! i. .\. llllll. Tﬂlil l'. M.

lint. i 'l‘lio l‘lrsi rivalry Iicl. l'..' ’I'ln» Iv'rouch t‘luli
i'ooIliuii gnnn- In four yours will litilil its first pivoting

will llllii‘ piano on llu- l'ngv Ihls \"l' M -
Hall field in into I'. .\l. :i::lu 'l'l.li\l.|” m“ mm“ M

Club Presidents

Announce Plans

Departmental clubs at State will
begin functioning soon according to
statements made by their respective
presidents.

Commerce Club took the initiative
yesterday when they presented the
first event of the year for members,
a reception in the Lounge. Officers
for ’44-’45. Anne Dillon '45. President,

.,Jean Linehart. '45. Vice-President.

Helen Koluzzi. ’46. Secretary, and
Florence Graham. ’45, Treasurer were
in charge of the function. No future
plans haVe been made as yet.

Constance Titterington, '46. Presi—
dent of French Club has slated the
first meeting for October 12 in the
Lounge at 3:30 P. M.

Under the Major-Minor Office
Plan. Joan Smith. ‘45. is not eligible
for the presidency of Spanish Club,
an office to which she was elected
last year. A mt eting will be held in
the near future to elect a new presi-
dent. Due to this circumstance. plans
for the coming year are delayed.

Classical Club's first meeting of
the year will be a banquet in the
College Cafeteria. October 25 at
6:00 P.M. Their social calendar
also includes the following events:
sponsorship of a fortune-telling
booth at the State Fair. one of the
scheduled “Big Eight;“ a talk by
Miss Evelyn Wells on the “Present
Day Latin Classes;" a lecture by Dr.
Edith Wallace; and a round table
discussion with Dr. Louis Jones on
the “Folklore Which Has Come Down
to Our Present Day." A sleigh ride
will be held when weather permits.

Frosh and upperclassmen who are
commuters will be welcomed to State
College by the Commuter's Club,
Friday. October 6, at a tea in the
Lounge from 4:00-5:30 P.M. This
organization is for the benefit of
students who otherwise find it diffi-
cult to become active in State‘s social
life. Jane Phillips, '45, President.
has appointed the following com-
mittees to take charge of the tea:
Refreshments. Marilyn Guy, ’45.
Martha Joyce. '45. Esther Albright.
'46. Dorothy Dralle. '46, Shirley Rice,
"46, Helen McDowell, '47: Tickets,
Ruth Gards. ’46. Louise Striker. ’46;
Reception. Mary Assini. ’45, Ruth
Donovan. ’45. Entertainment com-
mittee has not yet been chosen. All
commuters are urged to attend.

Yefkin DerBerdrosian. ’45. Presi-
dent. of Chemistry Club. and Helen
Stuart, ’45. President of Math Club,
have announced that no definite cal—
endar has been arranged. but a meet-
will be held soon.

'SEB Holds First Meeting

Student Employment Bureau has
called its first meeting for seniors
today at 3:30. Folders containing in-
dividual personal data to make out
on registration will be discussed. A
registration fee of ﬁve dollars. good
for lifetime. is required. Three dol-
lars placement fee must also be paid
when SEB gets the student the
position directly.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1944

 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 

 

No Shaving Or Crowding
To Acquire Unrationed Item

Don’t push! Don’t crowdl Don’t
leave! There is enough for all.
Nylon stockings? Rubber tires?
Porter-house steak? Better than
that—war stamps and bonds.

October 11 heralds the formal
opening of the stamp booth by the
class of ’45, the Crimson Tide.

Up to now, the stamp booth has
been technically used for loung-
ing purposes. but now it comes
into its own. Who can forget last
year’s display of guns and rafts
which served the double purpose
of decoration and motivation?
What new improvements will fol-
low in their wake?

The seniors will hold the fort
for one month. They will be fol-
lowed by other organizations
which will further the sale of
stamps by their ingenuity and
salesmanship.

All the reasons for purchasing
war stamps and bonds have been
widely publicized, but there is only
one real reason—America.

 

 

 

Speakers Open
SCA, Newman
initial Meetings

Both SCA and Newman Club will
hold their first meetings of the year
this coming week.

In the Ingle Room Wednesday
night at 7:30 P. M.. SCA will open
its meeting with Jean Griffin. '46.
program chairman, presiding.

Women from the Y.W.C.A. will ap-
peal to students for aid as advisors
in the Girl Reserves. Immediately
after the meeting there will be a
choir rehearsal for State College
Sunday. October 29.

Newman Hall opens its doors to
Newman Club Thursday evening at
7:30 P. M. President Marguerite
Bostwick. ’45. will be in charge of
the meeting. A review on “Modern
Novels" will be given by Miss Eliza-
beth A. Collins. teacher at Hackett
Junior High School. Miss Collins.
who obtained her MA. at State
College. has reviewed several times
for the International Federation of
Catholic Alumnae.

Plans for holding study clubs will
be discussed by Father Cahill. and
Florence Wilson. ’47. will orientate
the freshmen to the various times
and places of Sunday services.

Following the meeting there will
be refreshments and dancing in the
recreation room.

'45 To Order Class Rings

Accelerated members of the class
of ‘46 or regular members of the
class of ’45 may meet Miss Gleason
in the Rotunda on Monday between
10:30 A. M. and 1:45 P. M. to make a
deposit on class rings. The deposit
will be $3.00. and the ring prices are
$10.50. $11.00 or $12.00 plus tax.

 

Dofiies Calm Gremlinsl Storm

“Rivalry spirit? What dat?" quotli
the fresh of ’48. And when they
ask. they're not kidding. for these
past two weeks. when rivalry should
have burn a bursting array of ill't'-
crackers. only a dull thud was heard.
Barricudcd doors and blank laces
met the oni'ushing sophs as they
cliargcd through the dorm halls.
"Cowards!" llicy challenged. but no
sound broke the gruvcllkc :iillllit'ss.
'l‘lic soplis were puzzlcd do was
never like this!

A night in the dorm _ things iil‘l'
too quicl, llic (ircnilms arc rcsl-
loss. A \vliispcrcrl signal from u
foreign outpost on scconrf tlicrc
it is! Charge! Padding iccl rush
bv  wc'rc oi'l'! A wild war cry
issues forth! llci'c wc arc. Door
ui'tci' door is lricd lockcd. Lockcd
and dark. Amuzcmciii liglils the
faces ol' rivnlry-fircd "i7. They try
a low morc. I‘illlllllﬁlliﬁlli begins to
wane.

At last! “llcy gang. we’ve found
(liiil -~ let's go!" A flood of" green
pours through. the old light once
again lighting their eyes. 'lersc or—
ders are issued the two unlucky
fresh as the tribe of '47 stands by
for resistance. One of the “bodies
on the bed" crouclies low. a tearful
appeal written in her big blue eyes.

The other ’48‘er rolls over sleeplly.
mutters an enthused. “No. not
again." and slips out of bed to
rlr'r'unrpltilj/ tlic Gremlins to the
showers! More or less dampened
after stepping into the “bath.” Sll!‘
rciurns lo iicr boudoir to take up
drcunilng where she left off. Also
dampened. but in spirit. the sopiis
takc tlirniwlx'cs ol'l‘ to search for
run] fields to conqucr.

Alas and uluck —A-— no fields. Coni-
log back to ilic green valleys with n
(lcjcclt'd. “Crud. kids. let's go to
bid" twu ‘47'crs find tlml their
room has been pili‘crcd by some
brave little frosli who has rcally gonc
to town on illt‘ job. Elntcd once
again. lhc soplis tukc up the hot
trail in a thirst for blood. Found
onc guilty l'rosli! "Plasma and old
inlcstlncs" arc mirrored in cuch
(Ircnilln‘s cyo. butw-no soap. Sub-
mitting nicckly to the onrusli oi'
gcncrul musslng up. followud by a
licultliy shower and a potion of
jam and cold cream. this little one
crept back to the upper ycllow
region.

“Rivalry!” spat '47 scornfuily . . .

’l‘hcy Went to bed and dreamed of
the days when the blue and green
clashed and rivalry was really
rivalry. . .

FLASH! The discouraging news
has just been released. We've all
suspected it for a long while—at least
two weeks.

State co-eds have a calm viewpoint
about it now. And in the faces of
the 33 fresh men, there's a peppy
appearance. mingled with a sort of
hunted look. The class of ’48 is
already discouraged by the realiza—
tion that the ratio of their class is
9.1:1—in favor of—you know who
But they should worry. The ratio of
the whole school is a little more des-
perate—124:1. Let's have a little
feeling for the male of the species,
gals. Just keep that green glint out
of your eyes.

It’s not very encouraging. is it,
Betty coed? You have reams of sym-
pathy though. But then, why think
of men all the time. Take a gander
at the scintillating (woo-woo) photos
adorning this page. Think they're
purty cute. huh? These bits of at-
tractiveness represent a cross-section

Roguu‘ call», 0] ‘4:

  

Goldberger, 
Officially State's

theatli Of lPP

Life of Political Party
Closes 3-Month Run

“The Independent Party cannot be
continued due to lack of interest and
 cooperation from the. members,"

 states the former president, Cecelia

Goldberger. ’45. “The Independent
fParty Reception to Freshmen, slated
;for October 13. will not be held."

l The Independent Party, originated
in March, 1944. by Cecelia Goldberger
’45, had for its main aimthe unifi-

, ,cation of a student body to give en—

,couragement and backing to any
gcapable individual who was a candi-
jdate for an office. The aims later
became clarified. and it was organ-
‘ized as a political party open to all
individuals who were not members
of a sorority or fraternity, for the
purpose of putting these people in
office. Originators of the party also

‘ £.hoped to stimulate interest in our

  
  
    

R E l 13/ .le

of the '48ers. Ah, such beauty. such
intelligent faces. Hold it! Is that a
new type of feather cut or could it
be . . . is it? . . . yes. it is! A picture——
two pictures of State men. Sorta
looks good. State certainly seems to
have acquired some lively and re-
freshing personalities in the 334 more
collegiates colliding in the halls. Boy.
there is certainly enough of the
aforesaid colliding. Just try to get
out the back door of Draper some
noontime. New faces pop out every-
where. Everyone trying to organize
themselves into a cruddy world of
P.O.. Commons. studies. and noon-
time tetea-tetes. All rather con-
fusing! ‘

So if sometimes you become just
a bit discouraged. remember that
fresh are a very necessary evil and
that you were once one yourself. Give
them a bit of help and advice when
they need it and do let them breathe
once and a while when you are giving
them the well known “rush.”

 

Two Religious Groups
To Give Receptions

Receptions will be given by two of
the religious organizations of State
during the coming week-end. These
receptions have been planned to
acquaint the freshmen with other
students who hold similar religious
interests.

The Hillel Reception for freshmen
will be held tomorrow night from
8 to 12 RM. in the Lounge.

High light of the evening's enter-
tainment is the "Dunningcr Show."
in which the audience will partici-
pate. Mui'iel Rubin. '47. will sing a
few selections. and monologues will
be given by Shirley Gross. '47. and
Blanche Locks. '48. Refreshments
and dancing fill the remainder of
the program.

Chairman of the reception is
li'lorcncc Groclcy. assisted by Pris-
cillu Wolnstoin and Julia Boxer. all
sophomores. In charge of refresh-
ments are co-clinlrmcn Muriel Rosen
and Shirley Taylor. and Molly
Kramer. class 01' '47. Publicity is to
be handled by Betty Diamond '46
and Sylvia chcikin '47. co-chairmcn.
and Marilyn Wursliuw ’47. Those
clialrnicn will remain as permanent
heads of their rospcctlvo committees
i'or the entire year.

Inter-Varsity

’l‘iio Intcrvarsity FcliriWship. a
college group composed of students
of the various churches, has an-
nounced a reception for the fresh-
men to be held this afternoon at
3:30 hi the Lounge.

Inter-Varsity will hold a program
at Y.W.C.A. at 8:00 RM. Students
from RPI. Russell Sage. Union and
Albany Med. will also be there.

C C. Smith To Address~
Forum, October 12

Rosario Trusso. ’45. Speaker of
Forum. has announced that Dr. C.
Currien Smith will address the group
Wednesday. 3:30. in the Lounge. She
urges the student body to attend as
the talk will be of inter'cst to all.

Letter-writing to the soldiers will
continue this year. directed by
Forum. Caroline Hosbrouck. ’45 is
chairman of the committee. Follow-
ing Dr. Louis Jones' advice and ex-
ample. Forum sta'ted this project
last year. and it proved to be very
successful.

Last Week the political Forum ex—
plained the procedure for absentee
voting. Anyone wishing to obtain
an absentee ballot may do so by
contacting Rosario Trusso. '45.
Speaker of Forum. via the student
mail.

News Bulletins in Huested

The new use of one of" the Hucsted
bulletin boards will be explained by
Myskanin in today's assembly. This
bulletin board will contain a sum-
mary of the latest news and a calen-
dar of" tlic day's activities at college.
stating the time and place of meet-
ings on the day they occur. Mysknnia
will Do in charge of the bulletin
board. Anyone with an item for the
calendar should put it in the Mys-
kunla mail box by 4:30 of the pre-
cocding day.

 

Emil J. Nagengast
Your College Florist
Cor. Ontario at Benson St.

college government through actual

members should carry this interest
in government to outside commun-
ities upon their departure from State.

With only thirty members at the
first meeting, March 24, 1944. it
gained membership and became
powerful enough to support candi-
dates in last Spring's elections. The

_‘ beginning was successful; the Inde-
' pendent Party was classified as a

College organization. Now it is dis-
solved. When asked if she would
resign as President, Miss Goldberger
stated, “There is nothing to resign
from. as the Party is no longer func-
tioning.”

Former officers of the Party elect-
ed for ’44-’45 are President. Cecelia
Goldberger. ’45; Secretary. Doris
Fleischman, '45; Treasurer. Patricia
Clyne. '46; and Members-at-Large,
Grace Schults. '45. Betty Diamond.
'46, and Eunice Golden, '47.

IIMademoiselle" Holds
College Board Contest

The Editorial Staff of MADEMOI-
SELLE is offering fourteen girls the
opportunity of holding a guest edi-
torship for one month. These girls
are chosen on the basis of their
contributions to MADansnLLn dur-
ing the coming year. The would-be
board members submit four assign-
ments in the course of that year
which will give a rounded portrait
of their college: its activities. new
courses, new trends. social aspects,
and fashion news.

The staff of MADI-IMOISELLE will
personally entertain the selected
board members for one month in
New York. During this time the
group will assist in the editing of
the August college issue of the
magazine by posing for pictures,
modeling for the College Clinic. writ—
ing. reporting, illustrating. and giv-
ing their slant on college life today.

 

6000 FOOD

In a Friendly,
Comfortable

Atmosphere

WESTERN AT
QUAIL

 

party procedure, and intended that!

 

 

 

   

  
  
  

 

assassins» use.

   

r

.  Caryn"

4w»; i—L-awqui-AL.

 

