   
 

 

 

 

 

   

 
   
    

  
   
 
   
   
    
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
  
  
  

 

 

l
l
.3

  

 

 

- wwmxmﬂ" was»:va wis~*:1a»;:;.~. . ..

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Embllsliod May 1916
By the Clan of 191 O

 

Vol. XXVII No. 20
Distributor

Member
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
Tile under rndlinte newspaper of the New York State
College forgTeacliers; published every Friday of the Col-
lege year by the NEWS Board for the Student Associa-
tion. Phones: Office, 5-9373; Baxter, 241545; Stengel, 8-2804;
I'lcllert, 2-2752.

March 10, 1944

IIPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING I!

National Advertismg Serwce, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420 MADIuoN A'II. New YORK, N. Y.

cmcllao - Banal 0 Lol AIIILII ' 5m Flimusco

The News Board
JANET K. BAXTER - -

MARY B. STENGEL ..

JANE PICKERT - -
LILLIAN GROSS - -
BERTRAM KILEY - -
SUNNA COOPER _

EDNA MARSH -
DOROTHY MEYERS -

 

CO-EDITOR-lN-CHIEF

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
BUSINESS MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER

SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

lam)... 2

EDNA MARSH
ISSUE EDITOR

All l'oiumuiiil'ulloiis should be addressed to the editor iliid
must be signed. Nana-s will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no rvspoiislbllli‘,\'
for opinions expressed in its columns or comlnlinll-alions
as such oxprl-ssloiis do not necessarily reflect. Its view.

 

(caperation, Please . . .

Last year a revision of the clauses in the State
College Constitution concerning finances was made.
The Board of Audit and Control was creatch and
the articles amended in a manner which simplified
greatly the allocation of the Student Association
funds. One of the major points of the amendments
was the plan introduced which read:

"The Board of Audit and Control is authorized to
appoint a competent auditor who shall check the
books of each organization. The Board shall pub—
lish a bi-monthly statement of Student Association
finances containing the current receipts and expendi-
tures of each organization."

The new Board elected last Spring have done
their part. They have issued an appeal to the treas-
urers of the various organizations asking them to
submit their books so that they may be audited.
Non-cooperation, characteristic of State College, is
again evident. The books are, from the original
plan, to be audited monthly; yct lnany of them have
not been seen since December.

The Student body is defeating itself. The pur—
pose of the plan which they themselves approved
last year was to provide a periodic check of the
books so that no organization would go beyond its
line. An announcement was made in Assembly and
every individual trcasllrcr was contacted personally
the first of ll'cbruary. Yet the results obtaincd have
been enumerated above.

It’s your money, State College.

Were You There?

l‘fdlicalors have often found fault with collcgcs
because the students become so cngrosscd in a world
of their own that thl-y barcly rcalizc that affairs of
World and national importancc arc happcning out—
side of the campus. (.‘olll-gl- ncii'spapcrs rcflcct this
characteristic for most of lhcm report only college
activitics and ncvcr coinmcnt on outside affairs
unless thcy directly ill'll‘l'l thc colll-gc. This consti-
tutes a serious black mark against the record of a
collcgc sincc collcgcs should i)i.‘ cxpl-cll-ll to build
citizens of an outstanding charactcr, iutl-rcslcd in
the affairs of a nation and wcll—iuforlucll on thcm.
'l'hl: lethargy which characterizes thc majority of
the students in government and politics will be re—
flcctcd ill the same manner when thcy take their
place as a mcmbcr of a dcmocratic society, whose
vcry existence depends lipon an attitlidl- of thinking
interest. Such a small percentage of the student
body lakes enough interest to write to thcir sl-nators
and representatives that it is practically impl-r-
(rcptiblc.

in this issue is rcpln‘lcd the discussion about
state aid to ('(illiilllltill which is now taking place
iii the New York Slatc legislature. This is a topic
which should Iiolll intcrcst for us simply as citizens
bllt even more important for us as teachers. it is a
subject which could have several repercussions and
one which deserves discussion among the siudcnts.
Federal aid to discussion has been hanging ill the
balance and there has been inlicli argument about it.
if you do not know what the issue concerns, find
out about it. Let us not hide our heads in a bushel
and refuse to see the light.

The Arts-—

by Smythe

Tuesday night‘s AD performance
was definitely below standard. The
flatness may have been partially due
to the fact that there were only 60
people in the audience—900 empty
seats are not especially inspiring
to any cast. But the basic fault
was the play itself; the plot was
incredible, the characters were in-
ane, there was no feeling of unity
whatsoever. Schmitt was obviously
sincere at moments, but she could
not carry the play alone. Polsky’s
movements were forced and she used
entirely too much volume. Uffman’s
character was never clearly defined.
Her enunciation was too careful
and her over-exuberance was ex-
hausting. The tempo of the whole
performance was too slow.

And then there was the AD talent
show. Mulcahy and her accom~
panlment didn’t get together soon
enough to make her first song good,
but her One For My Baby was
definitely mellow. Martha Joyce
did her usual excellent job. Her
moving monologue was the high-
spot of the evening and Kiley and
Drooz's version of Golden Boy pick-
ed lip toward the end. The lighting
was unfortunate during the talent
show--»-eithei’ non-existent or dis-
tracting.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1944

Yes, Emily was good, and No.
Baird didn't go to Jail. If ye have
to be suspicious at all, we would ask
if strapless evening gowns were.
after all. as insecure as they look.
But in spite of the dress, and some
rather pointless gestures, we liked
Emily.

To be explicit for those who didn‘t
see and hear her. we are of course re-
ferring to Emily Klmbrough. author
and co-madcap with Cornelia Otis
Skinner. Maybe long association
with Cornelia helped Miss Kim-
brough with dramatic interpretation;
whatever was the influence, it pro-
duced a very effective speaker.

The anecdotes she selected were
well-sustained. She built tip each
story delicately and well to a very
satisfactory climax. Her audience
was a living witness to her excel-
lence—if there were any whispers.
we didn't hear 'em. Especially well
received was the incident concern-
ing Alfred Lunt. in which Miss Kim-
brough used her dramatic ability
to the “nth” degree.

Unfortunately. her ability was lost.
to the majority 01' the student body
——howcvcr. we forget. that most of
State doesn't need culture.

P. S. The refreshments were good.
Thanks, SCA.

 

who!

 

Amid the furious discussion in
school as to whether Myskania
should be abolished, revised, or left
in its pristine state. it occurred to
this columnist that the solution was
simple. All that was needed was
a conference of clear. unprejlidiccd
minds, and everything was solved.
Naturally she chose Honey Schocn
as collaborator, and now presents
proudly the Ryan-School] Renova-
tion plan, or, “Work Your Way
Through to Glory."

Read ‘cm and weep.

I. Freshman Year. Be it resolved
that freshman sign up for Myskania
on Activities, only qualifications
being that they can write or print
their name, or know somebody that
can do it for them. (This simple
step abolishes all confusion arising
from people saying, "Oh. I‘m not
interested in Myskania." All lil-
tcntions are crystal clear from the
beginningi

Ii. Sophomore year. Be it further
resolved that a system of try-outs
be set up. whereby candidates show
their qualifications and talents l'or
Myskania. ti. 0., counting ballots.
Candidates must be able to count at
least to 20. Sitting in the same
position for one hour without
squirming or looking Lincoinfoi'tablm.
Acting as waiters and waitresses
at Slipper Club. so that Myskania
may be profound without having to
rlin olit for cokcs or sandwiches.

III. Prospective candidate must
join at [cost one social and one
athletic club, designed to train them
for office. lSocial Clubs include,
How to .loin the ltight Sorority or
Fraternity; How to Cultivate ltlght
Friends and Ignore Plain People;
Athletic clubs give instruction in,
How to Walk on the Stage Like
Myskania Members Should, and
flow to Throw the Bull and Pass
the Buck.

IV. After Sopl‘ioinorcs have shown
proper interest and enthusiasm. in
the Junior Your, Myskania keeps
record of their activities. In the
Junior Year, they not “H agents for
Myskania members reporting such
alibvreraivo remarks “.3. “I tﬁiink we
could get along without Myskania."
and other such dangerous fiftirand
oat-biii-columii propaganda.

V. One secret is entrusted to each
Junior interested in Myskania. If
the secret leaks out. to more tliuli.
say. 75 people, said candidate in
drummed out of Aasoinbly.

VI. Towards April of the Junior
Year. candidate undergoes rigor-
ous examination as to proper quali—
fictiLlOllli. Sample questions:

1. Do you belong to right. soror-

by IIIIONA RYAN

 

 

lty’.’ ’l‘hink carefully before answer-
log.

2. Have you always wanted to
be on Myskania?

3. Do you look well in black '3

4. Are you fast? It“ you were on
Myskania, after Assembly, how fast
could you pass out?

7 VII. The week before Moving-Up
Day, Myskania fills otit following
chart on each candidate.

1. Right sorority or
50 credits.

2. Right activity (\VAA, MAA,
WAC. SCA. and other combinations
of letters), 25 credits.

3. For anyone fool enough to be
in other activities. Any combina-
tion, 5 credits.

4. Actual lcadci'ship and initiative.
H credit.

fraternity.

(This chart is suggested by the
authors as the solution to all those
slocplcss nights Myskania spends
bcfoi'l: Moving-Up Day. Chart may
be fillled out quickly and speedily,
and Sophomore try-outs could do
the actual work. Credit points
have been carcfully considered,
with due referenci- to major-minor
office plan, and previous Myskania
appointments).

\Vc, the authors, proudly present
this plan as the only solution to
pi'cscnl discussions on Myskania.
The problem could have bclen solved
long ago. All it needed was a calm
coiisldcratioii by two lucid minds,
and the admirably simpli- realistic
plilii shown above was evolved.
(What docs “lucid” mcllii, Schooli?)

There may be sonic so lillll‘vliilllllll
by convention as to think this plan
unworkable, or even radical. Olll'
only answer is that it is merely the
substitution of open and above-
board fiiiilgling, for what hitherto
has been a confused series of
glicsscn. Also, the pliiii is admirably
democratic. among its many good
points, and rules out all blit tho
most determined, collie Moving-lip
Day. Only the strong and pure of
mind can last. through the whole
tin-cc years. in fact. the authors
are lnclinod to think this plan a
work of slicer unadlillcratod genius.
Need more be said?

The final glowing touch to the
plan is that when Myskania comes
to choosing its successors tlil- night
before Moving-Up Day, after look-
ing over all the charts and note-
booku. and considering all the
names, they just put all the names
in a lint and after rollingr some dicc,
choose any number from 11 to
l3.

 

M70“

m

w

by KIPPY MARSH

 

 

GREETINGS

You, to whom Sldtc has been entrusted for (he
duration—Jake care!

You who find life litth interrupted by anon sac-h. (L
wide-scoped i.om'——(ippi'ccidlc the bencficcnoc!

To those of its who left our places around the flame
of learning, what difference whether voluntarily or
not, to alarm our hands- (lronnd another flame, the
more sanguine one of lmlllc, Stale stands as (t symbol
of Hill! which we left behind and to which we desire
lo mini-n. at the first opporlllnily. You, the prcscn/
student body, are [he {/ltlll'll‘iu'lls of Hill! symbol. and
in your hands lies Ihc. power no! lo Hill/f!) lhc “beacon”
shine brighter, finin'dliiioly and Ii'iloly .s-pculriiiy, bill
i'llllicr spoil/ring [)I‘lll'llf'flllll, Io gi'i'o Sirllc (nu-Ir lo as
in Ihr- some, good mndi’li’oil in which inc 1ch il.

LN Silt/c i'mimin ilnsl'llllir'd Illollr/Ii iiislilullons
lull Iil'foi'c I'(,'f()l"l)llll!/ fr'ininiiic hands; ll'l Ihc sonic
Illffll moral standards pi'lriwil: lo! the s/iidcnl body
I‘(.')H(Illl united in its ill/(fI'L‘s/ lo lrcl'p IIII' {/(Il'f'l‘IlHll nl
([(‘illllf'l’(lll('. Plcuso don't .s-Ircmnli'nc this. Iciniiiizc
IIiliI. )‘l'l‘tilllflﬂllifJ' Ilic olhcr. iln/il f/Hl/ iclii’r-ll trus-
Slulc ls- iio morc,‘ “‘1' icon! Io coinc Inn-Ir lo ll Slit/c
icc lrncili, (l fricndll/ b'lll/c. (I /l())Il(‘. Do this for as
and ll‘("1[ [/ll‘lf our (lirlnlrs.

This letter was read in part in lost week's assembly
since it expressed the feeling of a soldier who. Wilcli
he was in State. was active in school affairs iliid sin-
cercly interested in the school. The letter was written
by Bernie Skolsky, Class of ‘44.

IN ANSWER

It has always been the policy of the NEWS Board
that no lcttci's be printed in the STATE Clil.l.l‘llll-I ans
unless it is signed although the name be hcld on
request. However. this week it letter was printed
which was merely signed “The \\’ci'ic Dclli'il-s” and
which attacks the poor columnists who have nothing
blit headaches anyway in grinding olit a litcrai'y silli-
stitlitc every wcck. To the \\"cric llcai'ics I should
like to say that at least we have enough "guts" to
sign our name to the “crud” we write. Thank you.

NEWHES ANI) BLUEHES

From the Jltffll'('l'lllli comes the following report ot'
Carl ’l‘ai'box, Field Director for the lied Cross and
now in Australia . . . . “Reports emanating from (H:
indicate that Carl ’l‘arliox and Bill (.‘oinfort fresh from
22 aiid 14 months service have set up HQ how and
have launched immediately into active combat duly.
Interviewed several (lays ago the two Commandos
claimed that they were engaged solcly in patrol activi—
ties. ‘We have obtained the proper pink uniforms for
duty of this natuch thcy statccl. ‘and can only say
at. this stage that operations are proceeding satis—
factorily.‘ Concerning laclics, they added that slan-
(lai'd practices of infiltration and cticii'cll-nicnl would
be followed. Various iicw tccliiiiqul-s have l)l.‘t'll (it‘—
vcloped but details cannot bc rclcasl-d now."

Martha Sl'licid, '38, has bccii made a Captain in tin-
WACS . . . A/C Doug Barnum has been movcd to Han
Marcos. Texas \vlici'l- he is taking an 18 work colii'sc
in advanced navigation . . . . (lordoii llasllin. l’l'c. is
in the Air Corps at Kcarns. Utah . . . . Doctor I’i'ivalc
iteinow was sciit to ilii cinbarkation poiiit on the Wl-sl
Coast . . . . A.'C Hob (‘omlis is at Shaw F‘il-ld. Humlor.
 C. . . . And at Whiting Ficld, A ’0 Pete Ullllmlll i:.
working on lwiii—cngiiil- plain-s . . . . Word from l’fc
I‘ll'l‘l'still Kinn soml-wlici‘c iii li'l-laiid . . . . (‘arl Mitchell
in chsl-l school in  C. . . . Ll. llari'y (llimaci- in Nl'\\'
(illinca . . . . Rog Wall. USNI’l.. at Tufts Collcgc, lVlt'llr
ford. Mass. ciigiiicci'iiig. . . . .

NOTES Aitlil‘NI)

Not. to be ()tll(i(llll‘ by lilt' otlici' illustrious l~olliiiiiii:.l,~.
on the staff, I am now advancing my own illllt‘ plan
for tho bcllcrmciil. ol' the school . . . . l’i'ompll-d by
llic discussion about the soldicr vote in national l‘il'('-
tionsl lici'l-by sugucsl that tlic soldil-r Vlill‘ be l-xll-ndl-d
in tlic pi'l-sciil. political crisis. A qlicslionaii'c \\‘lilli(l
rcad as follows 1. Do you think Myskania should bc
thrown out? 2. Do you think that Studcnl. ('olnicil
should bc thrown out? 3. Do you think llll' Sllillcnl
Association should be thrown out? 4. in that casu-
who would you bc in favor oi' as dictator?

Weekly Bulletin

IIH'.\I.I(\ .\'. l'\lll in lililai'iln l‘|.|p..
\ivll'l‘il lo i'.-..-.l. soon I" 11"“ Hymn V

l'|\.lil'v\ llil’~i\1'lil|li panic “"“l' 1" \NH' ""1 \ "
'r-Z\||l :il lllll l' \[ llwls Inc l-liglblc non lo
' il'l I- .l ‘.l on .\ \I ll. ..
slx'i'il lilo 'l'ics‘ 31,-,3' ml” "’ ' '“
\lill'l‘il ll l"i'l-~liiiian lit: \liii‘ch lIi .\‘l‘\ pl'l «will-v
'l‘cil prom-ninth.“ Alllwil'yli “.lilill llainln rum ill Ibo

l.iilllit!l' .II 7 do I‘ \I ll.‘ \vill
splutll on .lllll.|l lIl
Iii-LlH'l'I'J

.\l.ii'cli Ill Stair

show In I'anv Ilall audilorl
lllll :lI Ml.) l’ .\l lianco with
Ill-own's ol-l-hmlra :il'lci'
ward.» In c\ln

.\Idl'l'll I'.‘ lllllcl t‘lul» t'nllcul- of st. in.» o. s:
lillllls l‘Iii'in party '_',2lti l‘ M, JIM-pic.» ll.l|l .ii 7 if. l’ \l
:ll l'ai‘li‘iduc HI ’l‘l-mpll-. 'l'lil- llillil' will ln- [ll-stilt

.\l:ll‘l‘li ll .\ll [Il'ln‘ll'Ill‘ l'll‘ "'l‘lil- I‘Hlll'll Stall-s

silliillll I’ll ll|ll'i'iill‘ Willi lili'
Allin-l in arranging an in
Hall ulidiloi'luln. Nib l' .\l """'“""”“l l"‘“"" l'”""" 5'“ “
. ,H u , I“ w lililljlll' part of the posl \\'lll‘
Illuhllvih NLIIVILL “MUN” SIN“. will “NH,”
March to St‘.\ la-utcn llll- afl‘lriiilltll’c.

Mull-ally din-cling a tragedy
and l’uliiaul a I-onll-dy. i‘auc

 

i.

w-« w... Mammy “W

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 10. 1944

PAGE I

 

Great Day Coming, Mavourneen, SCA Schedules Communications——
Harps' Riot Invades Commons

Sure, ’tis the some old shillelagh

Me father brought from Ireland.

The annual Harps' Riot will swing
forth Friday from 8 to 12 amid
shamrocks and blarney stones un-
der the Irish touch of Newman
Club. The Commons will be con-
verted from a bridge den into a
place of true “O‘Rourke” atmos-
phere.

Ye oldc square dancing including
"allemand left and promenade all"
will be a major feature of the eve-
ning along with swing numbers
danced to Harry James and Sinatra.
(No, little girl, he won’t be here in
person). All students whether they
come from Erin's shore or any
other points East can celebrate St.
Patrick's Day to two volumes of
square dance tunes and the latest
popular records. Newman Club
members who tire up on the intri-
‘acics of Pop. Gom- IlH‘ Wcumrl will
be ready to help any who don't know
the fiiie points of swinging 'l‘Ollilfl.
An Olrllllioinli album and a volume
of Artie Shaw llllll‘lllt‘i‘S will add to
the large collection of (lllll('l.‘ tunes.

Betty O'Neil. (.lcncral Chairman,
stresses that the 35 cents admission
will be used to cover expenses, thc

 Announces

New Placements
For Coming Year

Miss Doris Kelly 01' the Student

' Employment Burcllli has announced

several teaching appointmciits 01'
Senior and gi‘adtialc students. Inter-
views for applicants who have silli-
uiittcd their folders are being coli-
ducted throughout the scincsicr.
The appointments arc as follows:
Vera Willard. French and English.
Earlvillc: Agnes Frank. Comincrcc,
Taniiei'svillo; Jl-aniic Kafka Bron—
nan. Social Studios. Dcxlci': Llicillc
Ci'aiits. Social Studios. lnlci'lllkcii;
Mary Stewart. Spanish and Social
Studios. (il‘t't‘llViiiC; Mary Morc—
house. English and Library. Rich-
mondvillc; Junc Carlson. Math and
English. (li'cchillc; Mary (li'uvcllc.
French and Math, Clicstcrlown;
Winil'i'cd Morris. C(illlllll'l‘('t‘. Ches-
tor; Madora Dailcy, C(illllilt‘l'Ct'.
Clicrmonl; Virginia Armbi'usl. Math
and Scioiicc. (lilboa: Lois liailcy.
Social Studios. Sclil-ncvus: Louise

Williams. Sciciicc. Copl-iihagcn,
Evclyii Pliliiiaii Smith. Sch-11cc.
Boonvillc.

All Scnioi's who liavc not yl-t
liaiidcd in lilt'il' folders should do
so at oncc.

Myskania

(Coil/illlllll lI'lIIII poor I, Nil. 71’
why it is not llcinoci'alic. 1. ll is
Sclf—pci'pcliiall-d and now of iill'
l'lliillainciilals of a llciiioci'llcy is lluil
i'cpi'cscnlalivcs of lill' pcopll- shall
lJt' clccll-(l by illt' pcoplc. (lovcrii-
mciil llII' llil- jit'fillii' should also be
o/ and In/ tho pcoplc. 11. Thu pi'l-si-
(ll-ills of orgaiiizalioiis arc iiol i'cpi'c-
Hl'lllllii\‘l‘ of tho l‘lllll'l‘ sludl'iil body.
’l'lic iiluiibl-r oi |)(‘ll]llt' iii any oi'uluii—
zillion is only a traction of tilt“ \l‘holc
Sludl-nt Association. 3. Wcariiig
caps and gowns, :i scci‘t-l llililll‘. sil—
liiit', on lln- slagc. marching iiilo
Asst-mny \villi spl-cial music is no!
oiin a tradition, ll (llll'l'l't'llilllll‘h
Myskania from llll‘ l‘t'hl of mo slu-
(ll‘lll body. 'l‘lil' cssciicc oi (ll‘lllli-
('l‘ll("\’ is simplicity alid l'tlllliill_\
'i‘liosc who i'cpi'cscnl sllnll-nl body
should in oi. and on an l-qiial basis
Willi llic studciil body. wt Myskania
is (ll'illll‘(i as an honorary slicicly.
Aii honorary socicty is one thing: a
govci'ning body is lllllilill‘l'. (it)\’t‘l‘l|—
llll‘lll. ill a (ll'iiioci'acy. is iiol ll thing
which can lil~ liwai'llcll lo pl-oplc who
have pi'ovl-ii llicmsclvcs capabll- in
illllilllt‘l' llt‘i(l. f). Myskania is dc~
ilncd as a sccl'ct socicty. Scci'ccy
is incoinpallblc with dcmoci'acy. ll
makcs an “in group’ which by its
refusal to havr- lilll'll incotlngs indi-
cates a hick of dcsii'c of criticism
oi' procedure."

Beside Miss Putnam, various other
students are (expected to suggest
plans for the revision not only of

Myskania but also Student Counciltruyed the adventures of a young

program being planned as a purely
social affair for the whole of State
College.

Some little freshman may win
that paper doll he's longing for,
since prizes will be awarded for
games to be played throughout the
evening. “Clickling” Flo Garfall as
M. C. will keep the Riot rolling
along with Sluckie, chairman of
entertainment. who promises any-
thing from a floor show with a re-
volving stage to a minor version of
the World's Fair. Refreshments?
Of course!

Gin rliinmy, black-jack. and
bridge fiends may trump their part—
ner's ace as much as they wish on
Friday evening. Card tables will
be in the Commons for anyone with
a you for a grand slam.

Since the Riot will continue until
midnight, curfew will not be sound-
l‘li for the frosh women until 12:30.
The much-talkcd—of ratio being
present in cvci'yonc's mind. the
affair will not be a date party. so
all the women may conic sans mcn
land vicc vci'sal without feeling
guilty.

Snrc, 'Ils lhc sonic old shillclliyh.

Press Bureau Chooses

Six Additional Members

From lilt' Sophomores and Juniors
who tried olit for Press Bureau. six
new lilt‘llllﬂ‘l‘s were elected to replace
those mombcrs who have recently
The new members arc
Joan Smith alid Jcaii Liliehai'l.
Juniors. and Teresa Jones. Lorc
Kuhn. Betty Hamilton. and Sylvia
’l‘i'op. Sophomorcs.

Tlicsc new members wcrc choscii
in proportion to the amount of work
lhcy had done. their interest shown
ill the Bureau. and their attendance
at try-out mcctings.

llcl'oi'c Moving-Up Day, scvci'al
Illlil'l‘ l'l'l-slimaii. Sophomorcs. and
Juniors will in cll-clcd to the Pi'css
lilircau.

1ch college.

Religious Talks

To trace religion from its oldest
to its newest form in a series of
discussions which will take place
during the next seven weeks, is the
aim of the Student Christian Assoc—
iation as they launch their second
semester‘s program. The discussions
will take place in the Lounge at
7:30 PM. on their respective dates.

Last Wednesday. Miss Forsythe
opened the discussion group with a
talk on Hinduism. Jndism will be
studied and discussed next Thurs—
day night tlndcr the leadership of
Rabbi Bambergcr, who has in the
past, worked with Hillel.

Zoroastrianism. the Persian reli-
gion. will be covered by Rev. Jen-
nings. the minister of the Emmanuel
Baptist. Church. on April 18. On
April 26. Rev. 0100 of the First Re—
fcrincd Church will speak on Chris-
tianity. Due to lack of time Chris-
tianity will be treated as a single
unit instead of separate evenings
devoted to Roman Catholic, Greek
Catholic. Protestant. and Christian
Scientist religions. According to
Anne Fritz. ‘45. chairman. the pur-
pose of this nil-cling on Christianity
is to show the common basis of
them all. 'l‘hl-lr history and the
story of their growth are some of
the phases that will be covcrcd on
that evening.

Buddhism and the Chinese reli-
gion, Taoism, will be described and
cxpiaiiicd by Rcv. McConaghy. luin-
islcr at the Madison Presbyterian
Church. Rev. McConagliy has spoken
several times in Pierce Hall.

The time he spent in Egypt and
lndia during his preparation for the
cll-i'gy has woll qualified Dr. Ruben-
dall of the First Pi'csbylci'ian Church
to spl-ak lm Mohammcdism on May
it). i)l‘ Rubciidall has been closely
allicll with youth activities and is a
sponsor of SCA.

Sliiiiloism. tlic religion of the
Japaiicsc. will close llli‘ series of dis—
cussions on religious. This last dis-
cussion will be lcd by Dr. Mci'ckcl
on May 17. who recently taught at
the University of Lcipsig and has
had some actual cspci'il'iicc with this
faith.

Frosh, Sophs Vie in Rivalry;

42% Points Still

Willi visions of a silver clip for
rivalry "dancing in lilt‘ll' heads,"
Sophomorl-s and freshmen await
Moving—Up Day, May 6, a scarce two
monlhs away. with cagci' and hated
brcalh. Although at. the present
liiiic Ilil- Sophomorcs lead the fi'csh—
men with li'-_. points to 2‘: points.
lilt' battlc is by no mcans mum and
thc scol'l- may change its color a
iiliinbcr of lilncs bvl‘orc tlic (ll-cision
is granted.

Moving-lip Day. a tradition at
State. is llll‘ filial culiniiuilloii lil ii
ycai' of rivalry bctwm'ii tlic two
yoliiigci' classl-s. 'I'Iic It'i'lsI/i/illil
Ilonllboolr, thc indisputablc author-
ily lll rivalry i'lill-s. states that tho
class having lhl- most points under
ill“ lllll'l'~(‘l:l.\.\ Rivalry Rillcs shall
bc Jl\‘\'ill‘lil'll a silvci' l‘llli at tho t'illi
of tlic {\lliviligdlp lluy sing; lillll
lilt‘ class \viiiiiilig lill‘ clip slilill lulvc
its nliml-i‘als cngi'avcll lipoii it and
that tlic clip shall lic liiliillcll liovcil
ll'lllll your to year.

licgimiiiin with a liockl-y mum on
()t’ltilil‘l‘ ‘30. ill which llic Sophomores
\vl-i'c victorious. bolli cllisscs lil-uaii lo
l-olll-cl rivalry points. For tlial vic-
llil'_\' llic (‘lass ol '-lti l'l‘t'l'l\’t'(l 2 points.

’l‘hcn ('tlilll‘ llu- bainicr hunt. The
Hophs carril-d ott lilt'll' own banncr
and found Ilil- t'rl-sliiii .i's. llil- fi'csli-
llll‘ll almost immclliall-ly rclrichd it.
Myskania lhcn hid llic l‘i'l-shmaii
lilliiiici' and llic ('illbh‘ of ’-i7 cai'i'lcd it
off to its prcsl-nl rcsling placc. Un—
il'hh liiic chins lllsl'livci's illl‘ ollici"s
bcloi'c May (S, no points will in-
ll\\’lll'(ll‘(i ilil‘ lliis iilinl

(.‘ampus Day camc this your on
()clobci' lti ()bslaclc i'accs oi many
vai'iclil-s wci'c hold at this lilllt‘ bc—
th‘t'll llil- two rival classcs. ’l'ltl-
lill't’l‘ poliils llial it was possiblc to
earn lil lliis l‘\’i'lll Wl-i'c won by llll‘
Soplioiiiorl-s.

A liltlc lilll‘l‘ in llic Sl'llll'bii‘l' oii
(ictobci' to. both classes pro-
senlcd skits iii Page iiall. 'I‘lic Soph-
omores gave a parody on the defense
worker while the Freshman por-

To Be Won

pi'iiiccss who dcsccndcd from ill'l'
licavonly homo in order to altciid
Statc. The 1': points awai'dcd for
the bust skit wont to the Sophomores.

The Friday after school resumed
in the now your. the rivalry (ll-bate
look [lillt‘l‘ in assembly. [ticsoll‘cdz
’I'Illil rill l'rl'sllincii inrii should Illll‘l
brush I'll/N was the topic of (ll-batt-
bctwccn the two clzlsscs. 'l‘his timc
the fi'cshmcn \vci'c victorious, thus
taking 13'; rivalry points.

l’oints still to bc \von llllllllll'l' up
to ‘l2'-_- allowing botli classcs :l lili'gc
margin. Al the pi'cscnt timl- lilt'
classl-s arc cligllgt'd in :i basketball
conic-st. (inc class must win two
olil of llii'cc gaiiics iii lii'iit'l‘ to gain
llll' lill'l‘l' points llWlll'lil'll for vic-
il)l'_\'. 'l‘hl- fi'cshmcn won tlic first
gaiill- of tlic sci'ics \\’lllil' llic Slilillr
oinorl-s wcrc victorious in tho gainc
licld lasl l“l‘l(lll_\'. Today at 4:00 PM
llic filial gliilic will lic liclll iii llic
,.._\’lll. (‘licci'iiig at tlicsc gamcs is
bciiig scoi'l-d by iiiciiibl-i's of Mysll~
lliiill who will givc llic final «ll-vision
oiiclil-l-ringoiil\1oving»-llpl)ay The
class in whose favor the lll-l-islon is
mildc will thus gain :1 points.

'l‘lic sWiniiiiiiig incl-l which will
_\’l(‘ill 2 points is scheduled for lli'.\'i
'l‘hlii'sllay. (in March 17 ill the
asscmbly tlil- first rivalry sing will
take lilllt't'. ’l‘lic \‘\'lillll‘i‘ of this cvl-iil
will i'ccl-ivc 2‘;- points

()lhci' rivalry cvl-nls ill'l‘ listcd
bclow with tlil-ii' rcspcclivc rivalry
points ilicy carry with llicili

War Activilics It! points

Soft Hall (lamc It points

Tug of War 2 points

I“|l‘ill ldvclits ‘J points

(‘Illsh Silliils Ii [liliillh‘

Sing ton

llayl It points

With such a large number of
points still to be awardod, it is pos—
sible that the present set—up will be
in a constant state of change lintil
Moving-Up Day. The purpose of

Moviiigdlp

this rivalry system is, to quote ’l'hc
ll'rcshnllm llllndboolr, “to show just
how much spirit a class really has
or has not."

To the Editor:

We the proletariat of State Col-
lege—the little ones who go about
our studies. grinding out our C's.
sometimes wonder about the wonder-
ful ones who are important enough
to have their little spats become the
topic of conversation for the whole
college.

As we hang on the last fleeting
crack of Krud We sometimes wonder
whether Kippy really does eat Oats
—or Raiston or maybe some corn.
who knows? Only the illustrious
columnists. Do you know what really
happens to our issue of Siam: Col.-
i.l~:on Nicws’.’ We rush home full of
anxiety and gushing (Gush! Gush!)
over with enthusiasm so that our
house mother can read us the next
thrilling chapter in the great and
exciting adventure of our Friday
pugilists. Who stole the lock on the
Oat Bin Door? Will the Krud really
come to the rescue of Ryan or will
Rhona be thrown in the bin of
caustic or the pickle barrel (quote
\Vcbslcl'). And after all who wants
to be a hero? Will our hero go on
the fox-hunt with our little neigh-
bors (Yoicks. ‘i’oicks! You joiksll
or will the Famished Female cut
the fox after all who wants to be
a fox anyway? The next issue will
bring all in the meanwhile I guess
in: can stomach enough to send
enough box tops in to get the next
issue and live on the suspense lil-
volvcd.

Perhaps we shouldn't be allowed
to criticizc blit. we hope our mem-
bers of the i“0tll‘tii Estate will be
ln-oad-mindvd enough to drop a hint
in thc right feed trough.

The Wearie “caries.
To the Editor:
Patchwork . . . .

’Twas the eve of Move—Up Day

And all through old State

Not a Junior was stirring

“Not. even Myskania . .

Tlic little black gowns were cover-
ed with dust.

But sturdy and staunch they hung.

To the mortar board caps still
waiting in trust,

Mcmorics and hopes still clung.

’l‘lic indignant. rcbcls aiid the
dcfcnlling frat,

Sidc by side in assembly sat.

"’l‘hrow llicm out!" said the rebel.

"chp them in!" said the frat.

Which all lcd up to a sizzling spat.

"POLITICS!" screamed the skull-
l'iiccd, (ircck witch-doctors.
"POLI'l‘lCS!" screamed the non-
(li'l-ck firc-cycd scalawags,
llci'l- lhosc demons chuckle aiid

ycll.
"Down with Myskania!"
Myskania will hoo-doo you . . . .
Myskania will l‘ioo-doo you . . . .

'l‘lic [{cbcls wci'c smug, on this icc
(lid li‘cad

Wliilc visions of political plums
liniiccd in their hcads.

'l‘lic V. P. in her kcrcliicf. and
olhl-rs in lill‘ll' caps

Hl'lliNi down to got rid of Mysk—

aiiia's laps.
i» l

()dc to a Freshman
l lll'Vl‘l' saw a Myskania lappl-d.
And now may licvcr .‘xl‘l‘ onc,

OTTO ll. MENDE

Till: Col 1 l.c.l«: JEWELEII

 

l03 CENTRAL AVE

To the Editor:

It seems to me that before stu-
dents condemn Myskania, they
should ask themselves two questions:

1. What is the purpose of Mys‘
kania?

2. What provision have they made
for an active student govern-
ment?

Upon reviewing the duties of
Myskania in the Student Association
Constitution, I find that they divide
themselves into two primary groups
—judlciary and tradition promoting.
That they have superceded these
powers. and taken on governmental
powers, is due to the ineffectuallty
of Student Council. If Student
Council had been truly interested,
this could not have happened. If
Myskania had not organized legis-
lation and presented it to the Stu-
dent Association. it would not have
been presented.

Howavcr. by rejuvenating Sttident
Council. the student body will re—
turn Myskania to its legitimate
sphere of influence and as a tradi-
tion and an honorary body it has a
definite place in State College. At
the same time they will have made
provision for a student government
that is l'cprcsentalivc of them, elect—
ed by them and will work for them.

The issue before the student body
is not abolition of Myskania but a
change in Student Council. I hope
the assembly will recognize this.
Instead of wasting the hour today
in something destructive, let us dis-
cuss Sttldcnt Cotincii which would
result in something constructive.

Cis Goldberger.

State Debaters
To Meet St. Rose

Debate Council has slated a debate
with the College of Saint Rose for
next Thursday evening at 7:45 PM.
in St. Joseph‘s Hall at Saint Rose.
Geraldine Mci'hofi‘. '44, and Jane
Rootli. ’45. will uphold the affirma-
tive of the question; Resolved: “The
United States should cooperate with
the Allies in arranging an inter-
national policc force as a major part
01' the post-war plans."

'i'ill‘i‘t’ will be 10 minute construc-
livc spcl-clics. followed by open dis—
cussion, in which the audience will
participate. Students from the col-
lege arc invited to attend the de-
batc.

A (lcbaic with Syracuse had been
sclu-lllilcll for last Wednesday. blit
was cancelled.

Last Friday. Debate Council for-
lnl-rly rclinquislicd its engagement
for a discussion on Federal Aid to
Education which was to have taken
placc today in Assembly. Instead.
lhl- period will bc devoted to a busi—
iics inccliiig concerning Myskania.

 

As for lilt‘ l‘i‘osli-Soph rivalry cup,
'l‘hl-i'c may not own be one!
i i »l 4
Ballots \\'l‘i'l‘ l‘l’lld and clicckcd
ti\'t‘l' \‘lllil care.
in hopes that Myskania would
havc a two-thirds votc . . . .
’l‘wo I'atclics.
l’ H Apologies to Lliillscy. Field,
and lilii'tzl-ss.

 

HERBERT’S

lliﬁl Madison Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

GUSTAVE LOBEY
STUDIOS

:—
u
-
A
v
u-
—i
G
.- -
w
I
._i
9'!
.—
..

l
l

 

91 State Street I

 

 

