 

 

/

Otto J. Howe. associate managing

editor of the News.

Marjorie Baird, general chairman

of thc Junior Luncheon.

 

 

 

 

 

Lloyd Kelly. vice-president of the
student association

.J. a ._..-..a-‘... _ .. .

 

Sally  Young, associate managing

Saul

editor of the News.

(lrccnuuld. i'clllurc editor
llll' Now.-

in

l940

 

of

 

wsmm’EWszmwwmumw
m

 

 
  
 
  
   
     
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
   

Leonard E. Kowalsky. associate inan-

aging editor of the News.

liin Sullivan. president of the class

of

 

   

 

llolicrt L‘oggcr. general chairman of
Junior Ten—Dance.

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 10, l939

  

Page 3  A

 

 

Brass

Knuckles

 

 

F'. P. A.

The lag in the intramural sports
events is not only creating havoc
With the program set up by Intra-
mural council. but also making mat-
ters difficult for the sports report-
ing staff. It is not a case of a sports
writer feeling sorry for himself, but
there is no neWs for those interested
in following up the intramural sports
program.

Bowling has hit a terrific snag.
Consequently there are no results
available for the interest of bowling
enthusiasts. As for tumbling,
things are progressing at such a
feeble rate that hardly anyone
know that such a sport exists in the
college. It is not the fault of the
heads of the departments. but of the
participants themselves. Laborious
work by the heads minus the co-
operation of competitors leaves
everything in a pickle.

Too bad that an excellent pro-
gram should begin to crumble be-
cause of lack of interest.

l’rognosticaling FI'OSlI

Although the frosh-soph rivalry
game is over a month away. the
cocky yearlings are predicting a vic—
tory over the sophs. But thc soplio-
mores are not at all perturbed. The
frosh are duck soup, so they say.
According to thc frosh thcy'rc a sure
bet because they can stack their
powerful i'rosh five against their
rivals. However. the uppcrclhssmen
have four varsity men available.

As far as we are concerned, the
game will be  interesting to watch
as a ﬁght between Hercules and
Sampson. One team has as much
chance of winning as has the other.

If there is any advantage. it is
on the side of the fresh. They have
an experienced aggregation which
has played consistently well all sea-
son. Their rivals have four varsity
men on the squad but nearly all
have seen very little service. Fur-
thermore, they have never played
together long enough to become ac-
customed to each others style and
will be definitely handicapped by
lack of proper teamwork.

However, this is a game in which
reasons and argument must be
thrown out. Spirit ridcs high. and
the team that lights the hardest will
probably win.

A llartwick li‘aux Pas

Will wonders never cease? The
latest news comes to us that the
Hartwick i‘rcslnncn flvc were upset
and thrown for a loss by an old
nemesis known as exams. All the
training that the boys had been do-
ing to swing music became nil.

In fact. Mr. Exams 'as so potent
that lnost of thc Hurtwick i'rosli
have i‘lunkcd so badly that tllcy can-
not asscmblc i1 [cum to play lllc
State i‘rcshincn tonight. What was
it that one of the illustrious Hart»
wickizms said about inlclligcncc‘.’
Anyhow. thc Sltllt‘ tcum is intact.
Maybe inielligcncc has something to
do with it after all.

Alumni Sports ltolindup

One of thc bcst movcs mudc by
M.A.A. has been to lll\'lii‘ four hun~
drcd alumni mcn to attend an in—
formal sports roundup cn I"l‘l)l‘llill‘,\'
25. Mike Wlllko is ill clmrgc of tllc
entire ilil‘nir.

It is a splendid idcn in that it
brings togclilcr lilnlly of thc old
alumni dating as for buck us 1901.
The program will run smoothly and
will suil'cr no complications bccuusc
it docs not inlcrl'crc with tllc rcgu—
lilr colicgc utlllcilc pl'ogi'ulll,

 

 

Student Group to Have
World Problem Meeting

The Studcnl (lhrislinil Movcmcnt
will sponsor un intercollegiate coli-
lcrcncc ul lhc Lnkc Molmwk Moun—
tnin housc lll‘lll' Ncw l-‘ullr. irolll
Murch 3-5. Mcn und woincn from
New York slutc collcgcs Will lncct
together to considcr nlld discuss lhc
morcmcnt's world tusk.

Among lllc Icudcrs oi the discus~
siolls ill the conference will be Jilck
McMiclmci, who llus just i'cl.ui'ncd
from working in China. ()tiicr loiui-
crs will discuss the pertinent prob—
lem of how We. as American stu-
dents, cull cooperate with foreign
students.

However, discussions do not make
up the entire Weekend. There will
also be included winter sports. good
food. and pleasant accommodations.

Purple and Gold Will Meet
Hartwick Here Tonight
In Return Game

by Joseph Bosley

Last weekend New York city
treated the Owls very roughly—yes.
very roughly indeed. Pratt and
Manhattan had little respect for our
ability; this applies particularly to
Manhattan.

Friday night Pratt knocked off our
lads to the tune of 33-32. State
trailed throughout the ﬁrst half and
left the floor at half time on the.
short end of an 18-10 count.

In the second half, however. the
Owls came to life and turned on the
pressure. They not only made up
the 8 point deﬁcit but assumed the
lead only to lose it again before the
garlic ended. Johnson and Falotico
were high for Pratt with 11 points
each while Framcnt tossed in '7 for
the Owls.

The Manhattan game was a dif-
fcrcnt story. The Jasper quintet
drubbcd us to the tune of 60-34.
Quite conclusive. isn‘t it? The New
York quintet must have cut their
teeth on ccmcnt blocks because they
played u very rough game. The ref-
crcc was blissfully ignorant of the
word foul. too, A flying block was
quite common and when a man got
the ball, he just tucked il under the
arm and ran. State used 13 men in
this contest to weaken the opposi-
tion. Sarull. who threw in 16 points.
was very difficult to weaken. One
of the Manhattan "golden glovcrs“
flailcd a right at “Junior” Simmons
that almost s‘alped him. Howevch
he, was subdued by Wall‘s glare plus
the rci‘ercc, six State motors and
the New York State Boxing com-
mission. Silnmons. Walko and Fra-
incnt each tallied seven points for
State. 
Tonight, State mccts Hartwick on
lhc Page court, in the second game
of tlicir holnc encounters. In the
pcncr at Hurtwick. the Owls oozcd‘
out a 41-38 victory in a hard foughtl
\l'cll-plnycd game. it, seems that the
local papers in Onconla went in
mourning for a week because the
Hartwicks had "a long (ll"ll(l0(i night
oii." Tough one on Hurtwick! May—‘
be We "an prove the point tonight.

BOX SCORES
s'r.\'rll 'l‘l'\l.\\ll.\'l"l‘.\\ ’l‘l'

l

 

 

  

 

'l'lll‘l‘t‘llh . . . . . . . .. ‘3 (i‘ullil) ....ltl‘

.\nl,\'of . . . . . . . . .. I I( run-[1. . ll‘

Simmons . . . . . ., 7 ltucitlcy . . . . . . , .. ‘3

l.ci|i|lun . . . . . . .. ‘.’ (idl'lllll'l‘ . . . . . . . ..II

M llllUl . . . . . . . . .. ‘i Funnigilli . . . . . . .. Ill

llcl'sll . . . . . . . . . .. BHlIu-Iio . . , . . . . . ..|ti

l-‘rnlucnl . . . , . . .. 7 ('ulc . . , . . . . . . . . .. ll,

'I'oilll . .. ..2ll 'l'olillh  ..,.lit)‘
S'l‘.\'l‘l'1 l'l(.\'l"l' ’l‘l"
'l'ol'l'cllu lilllllNllllI . . , . . . ..Il’

.‘lIIIIIIUIIN ' lil'llllllln , . . . . . . .. l

Iit'lllllllll . Ky uli . . . . . . . . . . .. 'l,

“I‘l'Hll . . . . . . . . .. ’ “(lollgcr  '1:

l-‘riimcnl . . . . . . .. ii,\llllcr , . . . . . . . . .. ll

“lullm . . . . . . . . . .. '3 li‘illoilcu  .....|l,

'l'ollil . . . . . . . . .Jl‘i. ’l‘nlill . . . . . . . . ZiJl ‘

Manhattan, Pratt Defeat
this On New York Trip

house boys would have had to drop

 

College House Leads
intramural League

Kappa Beta and Commuters
Lose to 0.". and S.L.S.

College house forged further into
the lead of the Intramural Basket-
ball league Tuesday night in Page
hall gym as they defeated Kappa
Beta 19-13. S.L.S. ﬁnally broke in-
to the winning column with a 26-15
victory over the Commuters in the

other half of the double header.
For the league leaders, College
house looked awfully weak, but they
had little competition from an even
weaker Kappa Beta team. Against
any real opposition. the College

 

down into the ranks of the defeated
tcalns. However, the sloppy playingl
of all teams may well be attributedl

 

Winter Season

So,
No Snow? ?
Hanhll

B. C.

Now that winter is officially a
thing of the past. tobogganing.
snowshoeing. skiing and skating are
booming. Since these sports can
never be definitely scheduled, be-
cause of weather conditions. they
will be continued as long as the snow
and ice last.

Fran Rlani, head of the snow-
sport department, reiterates a few
rules which she fears may have
been forgotten during the recent
mid-winter thaws:

1. Credit requirements for snow-
sports are ten hours.

2. Six of these hours shall be de—
voted to one of the four sports, and
four hours to another sport.

3. Two and a half of the six
hours. and one and a half of the
four hours must be supervised by
the captain of the particular sport.

4. A record of all individual par-

 

to the long lay—off (luﬂng exanm‘lticlpation must be placed in the
John Edge was again high man with Winter SPOI'LS me ill the A- A. Office.
nine points, while Joc Schwartz, 10d ,oi' given to UNI captain 0f the SDOX'L.
K. B. with eight points. = * * *

S.L.S. had very little trouble from
the Commuters, lending all the way
and coasting to an easy victory.
Mur )hy was the Chi man who ' . ~ »
the lCommuters liiivahcrc in kflll):  What we V0 heard 01 em' Sleigh rides
running. He led the scorers with 8 ﬁle like hay “(105' only lnom.sno.w3
points while Dchcf was high for n LOUISC Hcs‘qncy receng “mom‘s

' ' of enough favorable reaction to thc

S.L.S.
As far as we can see. the Winter

WAA L' t S i
ls s  8 Carnival will be just a lovely pipe
' l dream this year—as usual. Not that
  -  anyone can be blamed for lL—jt‘s dat

Ancnt recent and rigorous snow-
fall. how about an honest to gawsh
slclgh ride—before city streets rc-

Lhing about arranging one.
If: ill it

til" debbil snow we‘ve been talking
about for weeks on end. Our nom-
ination for “most-beautiful-Wintcr-
Carnival-wcathcr-of—thc-ycar" is ex-
am time, when prospects of co-

Mitchell Announces Names

 

 

of 32 Women Receiving
ordination between the two athletic
‘th, the opening of the shorter 'arnivlll were hopeless. Now, with
l-i‘” “1 “‘0 Wlmm' 505150“. Women" prospects brightcning. chances for a
nounccs that the mid-scnson sports suitable tilnc is scheduled for other
will be badmlngton, ping-pong. activities,
of thcsc, sports will have a captain A Q

fro 'mboth Women's Athletic asset, w. .A. it) uponSill'

elation and Mcns Atlllctlc associa-i w l d f S t
a period of the sports ycar sct asidcl  e p

for preparation for the annual joint'

is Sponsored in mm mug]. pan or combine forms when they sponsor
Mun-h, The two amp.le associmian outing to Camp Johnston this
3mm”, and mm“, a“ mo“. energies ing will bc directly under the super-
hnd resources to make this culmina- “51"” 0f L0H“ Bunker“ bl” “"3 PI'O'
important wcckcnd events of thcl‘m' 51")”5' ,

ycur, i Fran Wood, '41. Will be gcncrnl
(“womimwd I'm. the yen... Virginia coinlnittcc cliairincn arc to bc up—
Milphvn‘ '4” “plain of basketball pointcd iroin lllosc ~iunpcrs who
1.0mm...“ (.rmm 1m. baskmbun: BM“, bllllctin board. Cnmpcrs who lcnvc
Allan. 17),.“1l “Um”. 5mm”; Marimi“. by train this ul'tcrnoon for Cliiiilltllll

Basketball Credit

organizations and attendance at :1
Athletic ‘LISSOCI'RUOH'S 001111011 im- -arnival go a—glimmcring because all

folk dancing and volley ball, Each

tion. The “mid-season" is actuallyi
w. A. AM. A. A. Sports night which TWO “film'mlem-i 0" W'A'A' Wi”
lions combine foi'ccs throughout tliisi“'(“’k°“d» Ft‘bl‘llﬂl‘y 10-13. The Olli-
tion of mid-season one of the mosti“mm wm be devoted Omen-Y to win'
Baskctbull and bowling have l)ccni"l“y‘irmull or “"1 wm‘kmd‘ OHM.
nnnounccs that thc following haVc 51”” “1’ 1""- “10 WNW“! 0” m“
“NHL anm Fith Lmlm, Hm» will iukc with them a large part of

some natural appearance! From,

idea, she will undoubtedly do some—,

Frosll Top Aggies -
As Scott Stars

Year-lingo Crush Cobleskill
in Hectic Second Half
by 64-31 Tally

Unable to withstand the terrific
second half pressure applied by the
State freshmen, the Cobleskill Ag-
gies' quintet collapsed completely to
'lose by a score of 64-31.

At the end of the ﬁrst half. State
led by a score of 25 to 21. It was a
period in which the score see-sawed
back and forth. State was indeed
fortunate to be leading at the end
of the period.

The last half was a different mat-
ter. Passing with reckless abandon
and scoring 24 points before Coble-
skill was able to tally at all. State

'forged into a commanding lead

which it never relinquished. Scott
scored five points less than was tal-
lied by the entire Cobleskill squad.
Cobleskill was saved from more em-
barrassment when Coach Hersh of
‘the State frosh sent in replacements
en masse. The ﬁnal score was 64-31.
Injuries Riddle Squad

A fine State college freshman
.qulntet may find itself handicapped
:in its three remaining contests. The
team has lost the services of its ace
.scorcr. Virgil Scott. and one of the
itcams most reliable replacements.
David Lehman. Scotty fractured his
ankle in scrimmage during exam
'chk. and Lehman injured himself
lShOVCllng snow. Coach Hatﬁeld
lsaid that "both boys will be out for
the rest of the season."

Both Scott and Lehman may be
1said to be the answers to a coach’s
iprayer. The former is a flashy per-
former specializing in scoring but al-
so an excellent team and floor play-
er. His scoring ability has been
amazing. Throughout the season.
he has been responsible for almost
lone-half of the team‘s points. In
this last game Scotty ran wild scor-
ling thirty-one points.

i Lehman has played nearly every
position on the team. Quiet and
unassuming. Dave works smoothly
with his team mates. His participa-
[liOIl has been limited in most con-
‘tcsts and consequently he has failed
‘to reveal any outstanding ability in
fany one particular line.

i Rumors have it that Leo Griffin
iwill replace the injured Scott in
the regular starting lineup. The next
game will unveil the new starter.

As a preliminary at 7:30 o'clock,
.ihe freshmen will meet the Albany
‘Business college quintet. The pre-
,liminary with Hartwick was can-
‘ccllcd because of unforeseen dif-
ficultics.

 

 

"supervised" and will be accepted
for crcdit. since the chairman of the
\vcckcnd is also captain of tobog-
gallillg.

The program of the weekend will
consist of snowshocing. tobogganing,
skating, and skiing, repeated at fre-
qucnt intcrvnls.

Lust ycar's “snow weekend“ at

‘amp Johnston was one of the most
popular and well attended one of
,thc ycar, despite several l'lalf-fntul
uses of frost bite and wind burn.

   

 

Score of hull—lll-ltl tl'rillll . .
I“l(ll't'lltttl Pryzborowskzi. juniors;
Mudclinc Bccrs. Mary D'Aricnzo,

yMildred Folcy, Madeline I’Illllt, Calh—

MAA to Obtain Pro . ,
. .crlnc OBrynn. Dorothy Peak, Ecr-
  Grouplhu Pctit, sophomorcs; Eihcl Applc—

ton. Mary ill'icrton. Rosc Cacchillo.

 

r llnrricl IJcFoi'csl. Dorothy Dough-

MAA has nnnounccd that the ill— will; Min-m” Duffy, Mal-V Jul“:
ll'ililllll'ill i'rlll'lllu 013155 “'1” IN‘ Ill‘xli't‘tl lu‘ inns, Junc i“('l'l'ls, El *nnor Grounds,
undcr cxllt‘l'l llitclnsc bl‘illlllllllll UH‘ lllrma lnglis, lictiy Knowlton, Doro—

.ncl'. Mill'ic Mctz, Virginia Mitclicll. m" “Vim” “DUNS "(‘l'immm '“ m"

sccond wcck oi Murch. in lhc pcrson
of ollc It). A. Sorcrcign. foils ill—
siructor ul Summon Military ill—
slilutc of Sluunlon, Vu, ’l‘llc class.l
rcccutly orgilliizcd undcr lhc dircc-‘
tioll of llcrb I"l'lllll((‘l, is ill prcscnl
composed lni'gcly of iloviccs. All at-
tcmpt is bcillg lllil(lc to cull from;
lhc itvuilublc illilli‘l'liil ll tczun tot
lllccl lhc mulch clmllcngc cxtcndcd,
by lhc ncwly ioundcd Union collcgc
nggrcgution.

Norm Dc Nccf lms bccli nulncd
dlrcctor of thc unnuul ping—pong
lourlmmcnl schcdlilcd to bcgili Ii‘cb—
Hairy 20. ’l‘iiosc intcrcstcd in pur~
liclpoting must sign up before
'l‘illu‘sdily.

The joint, MAA—WAA Sport Night.
program has bccn icntutivcly set for

l

 

charge of the MAA side of the affair.

Arrangcllicnts are being made for
the assembling and display of Ill-
trumurul's ii i l h o r to scattered
trophies. Bill “funny is negotiating
for the purchase of it suitable show-

 

all for a low cost.

 

 
 

i
I
March 4. Dan liuocl will be nil

case to be set up in the Rotunda.

thy linshcr, ltulh Nciscn. l‘lliZillJL‘tll
Olmsicnd, Elizabeth Simmons. Anli
Siliclds. l'rcsllmcn.

llowling crcdil has bccn uwurdcd
to lhc lollowlng by Olivc Baird.
'Ail. cupluln‘ .l'unc jiillncr. Emily
Whltc. scinors; It‘uy Scliccr, l'llmu
Hmitll. juniors; Olivc Baird, Dorothy
licrkowilz. Mnl'lon Kcubics, sopho-
lnorcs; Dorothy Iloughcrty, Ii‘t-l'nc
(lrccllicr, Ulivc Mycrs. freshmen.

WHAT ABOUT "BUSINESS"?

.73
ALBANY BUSINESS COLLEGE

126-134 Washington Ave.

bogguns, skis, snowshocs. and skiltcs. The introduction of Lotta Bunkers
All activities iii thcsc sports over fans to snow sports gave an added
the weekend will bc considered impetus to winter sports.

 

 

Good Food and a Friendly Fire

at the

COFFEE SHOP

 

ASHES

Western at Quail

 

 

5-2305

 

