< AW”.

 

 

 

 

,r
l
s
2:

lli

;

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 20, 1939

 

Annual Senior Dance
To Feature Fennell

(Continued from page 1, column 2)

Once again the hop will be at
the Ten Eyck hotel. This had been
the traditional ballroom, prior to
two years ago, when the dance was
transferred to the Auranla club.
However last year, it returned to
the Ten Eyck.

Chairmen of the committees for
the affair are as follows: music,
Marion Kingsley; arrangements,
Harriet Sprague; programs, Janet
Thomas; chaperones, Rose deCotis;
invitations and bids, Kenneth Has-
er; ﬂowers and taxis, Miriam Sha-
piro.

Chaperones for the Hop will be
Mr. Paul Bulger, personnel director,
and Mrs. Bulger; Mr. Louis Jones,
instructor in English, and Mrs.
Jones; and Dr. Thomas Kinsella,
supervisor of commerce, and Mrs.
Kinsella.

Newman Hall Members
Elect Gabriel As Head

LAST YEAR'S QUEEN

 

Christine Ades, Campus Queen of
the class of '39, who will crown the

 

Mary Gabriel, ’40, has been elect-
ed president of Newman hall for
the ensuing year. The officers who
will assist her are: vice-president,
EIga-Clare Schiavi, ’40; secretary,
Mildred Swain, ‘42; treasurer, Mary
KrengIOskie, ‘42; reporter, Norma

queen in tomorrow night's cere—
monies.

 

George Rice, ’32 To Be
On Penn State Faculty

George P. Rice, ’32, former edi-
tor-ln-chief of the STATn Cor.-

DiLaura, ’42; junior representative, Lacs News, will serve in the Eng-
Rosemary McCarthy; and freshman Iish department of Penn State this

representative, Mary McCann.

year. He was formerly assistant in-

Miss Schiavi, who is social di- structor of public speaking at Cor-
rectress, has announced that there nell.

will be an open house for all State

After graduation from State, he

 

men tonight between 8:00 and 12:00 taught in Albany High school and

o'clock.

did graduate work at State college.

I The doors were opening for an-

, liam J. Walker—one of Albany's

I all describe both the person and his

State College Mourns Passing
0)" Close Friend and Benefactor

 

by Sylvia Greenblatt
September 15, just passed, marked
both an opening and an ending.

other year at State college. They
closed at the same time upon the
life of a grand man—Captain Wil-

leadlng characters, one of State's
most gracious benefactors.
Interesting— exciting —— colorful —

life. From the start, Captain Walk-
er was singled out by his size. "The
biggest man in Albany"-—as one
person described him. Yet, what
might have been a handicap be-
came a character of Captain Walk-
er’s life, for he was the favorite
Santa Claus at various nurseries,
orphanages and at affairs of groups
and organizations. And Dorm resi-
dents of a few years back will rec-
ognize him, too, as the jovial St.
Nick at the Dorm Christmas party.

During the World War, in the
capacity of a YMCA secretary. he
made many friends among the
French people, friendships which

 

he maintained throughout the rest
of his life. ‘

Politics did not escape his amen-,-
tion here. In 1937, he ran for;
mayor on the Republican ticket but
was defeated by the present Mayori
Thatcher. r

State college students, howevern
know Captain Walker best for the:
interest he took in this institution.
State was the aims mater of his‘

 

mother. His daughter, too. is fa-I
miliar to many here, 1

 

c~ ..

  

  
  

BS’I‘MOREv "ml"

[03”
line “Ml

rcnc W
for Warner 370‘"

bring our ll” be“ I”

Hm you see
ANN
who is currently slum
. . . 5.

" ‘ ANlllllA WA
TM 0 Warner Bros. om

  

 

WESTMORB

it falls! ll“ "gu

combination of color, “mm of a” mm.
him with glamorous
SHERIDAN

u THEIR FACES"

PERC

ANN
SHERIDAN

up up?"

comm" '°

ng in

"TE

11

   
  

  
    
 
 
 
 
 

 
  
    

Besides acting as Santa Claus at
Dorm parties, Captain Walker him-
self gave, until 1936, several large
parties in the garden of his resi-
dence, for seniors, graduates and
faculty. Dean Moreland recalled
a vivid picture of gay times at those
functions—with song and refresh-
ment for all.

The Captain gaVe help, too, in
cases where individual students were
concerned. Nor was State college
forgotten at the very last. He
left us in his will a cash sum of
$1,000. There was also left an ad-
ditional $50,000, but this amount
is subject to a number of condi-
tions.

Whatever the case, we of State
college owe a debt of gratitude to
that man—not only for the more
material aids he gave but also for
the memory of a vivid personality,

 

 

La Maison Francoise
To Serve Ma’s Meals

“My mother told me to eat
at the restaurant in La Maison
Francaisel”

This exclamation whisked along
with the tantalizing smells which
poured forth from the Dove
street entrance to the new eating
place in the French house. M.
Millet, State graduate of '39,
opened the establishment to pro-
vide home cooking for all stu-
dents who like their food the
way ma cooks it.

The pleasant atmosphere
should entice all who try once
—and who won't—to return
again. “Why won’t anyone make
it his regular dining room?",
Kennie Haser, '40, wants to
know.

But, men of State, don’t imag-
ine yourself sitting next to a
comely State lass, for the girls
of the French house cat by them-
selves. It's a business proposition.

 

genuinely interested in our welfare.

 

 

(loo. l). .Iconcy. Prop

Boolevard

108-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Dial 5-1913

Cafeteria

and Grill

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

csterﬁelds .

RIGHT COMBINATION

of the world’s best cigarette iobaccos
brings out the best features of each

All the ﬁne American and

Turkish tobaccos in Chesterﬁeld’s
famous blend are known for some
particular smoking quality. . . f

l

and the way Chesterﬁeld coin/i-

That is why, when
we believe you

        
   
       
 
      
     
 
    
 
 

copyl

bines these ﬁne tobaccos is why you
get a milder, better-tasting smoke
with a more pleasing aroma.

you try them
’11 say . . .

 

iglu I939, [Jr-oar: a Ml'Mib l‘onmzw Co,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

tate College New

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'/.-443

llop at Ten Eyck
To Feature Swing I 

[ "What do you think of teachers?".

F  I asked. with the intention of for-
e“  ,getting the answer if it weren’t too
icomplimeniary. Much to my sur-
, , , ,prise. Edward Everett Horton an-
caPPIP-HO WI" DWGCt Eventi‘swered, “I think very highly of
Dancers to Enjoy Music ‘thlcm.bWhy. lnAfagt, I 1evetn ilntend-
' :0 lclock e( to B one.‘ In so To la(.sulcc
T|"_LP_O__ it developed that he had attended
The year's first formal dance, the m9 T890118” “Ollege 0‘ _C‘?lumbla
Semm. HOD. is scheduled for next universny’. and had spectahzcd in
Friday nigh, M the Ten Eyck hotel, l the combination of English. history
where it was conducted last yearnulnd Glc‘rlman. One never knows.
Musl for dancinr will be su) lied “’95 9‘ 3-
fmmc 10:00 to 2:80 ovclock b; pLen Taking advantage of the fact that
Fenneu and his band. I knew someone whom Horton knew.
Fennel] and his band played last I ,gmnE‘d admittance backstage-
yeal. at the Senior Ba“ and he was ,Whlle his many friends trooped in
well received by all who attended. He l to ,congratumlc mm and (“tend
has been featured for five years atlmen' beSL WNWS. I had a Chance
me “George F. Pavilion" in John- to watch Horton. He was halfway
son City. where a“ the nation's through the process of removing the
leading bands have been heard ‘greasepaint so essential to the stage.
Hi5 Style of playing includes ar; Dressed in a bathrobe, he was sitting
mngemems' both “sweet and at his mirror surrounded by all the
swing." Vocalizing with the bandlparaphcrnalis associated with ac-
arc Audrey Beddoe and Tamer tors-
Aswad. Bids this year are $2.50.
Joseph Cappiello, general chair-‘

man of the event, is assisted byl Vaudeville N0! Dead - -
committees whose chairmen are as:

follows: music, Marion Kingsleyp News Board Ullunalu’"

arrangements. Harriet Sprague;‘ The News Board announces
programs, Janet Thomas; invita-g the following requirement for all
tions, Kenneth Haser; and chaper- ' aspirants to the position of soph-
ones, Rose DeCotis. omore desk editor:

The chaperones will be Louis “Candidates must prove beyond
Jones. instructor in English, and all shadow of doubt that they
Mrs. Jones; Dr. Thomas Klnsella, will uphold the dramatic tradi-
insiructor and supervisor of com- tion which has ever permeated
merce. and Mrs. Kinsclla; and Paul the Activities office."

Bulger, personnel director, and Mrs. All candidates will be given an
Bulgel'. opportunity to display their the-

Walter Harper. president of the spian ability by presenting dram—
class of 1940, said in regard to the aiic tid-bits on the Statesman
reduction in the price of the bid stage, Wednesday evening, 10:00-
and the selection of Len Fennell 11:00 o’clock. Admission by ticket
for music, “It would be a bargain only. Smoking will be permitted
at twice the price.” in the balcony.

 

 

While talking, Horton used the‘

 

 

Preliminary plans are already be-
ing drawn up for the senior fall
banquet. This banquet is an an-
nual affair and is now scheduled for
the Tuesday before Thanksgiving

 

STATE C(‘HJJCGH FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY,  FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1939

; News Reporter Meets Comedian

Interview at Hall

© .. _._ . -_...  . .. _. ._._, _t.__‘_ .. ___.
gestures and postures winch have

become familiar to all who see his
‘performances on stage or screen.
,The equally familiar habit he has
lof reiterating phrases such as “Yes.
yes, oh yes. I remember," has ap-

parently become part of his every—l

‘day conversation, and he employed
it constantly. Everything he said

and did was emphasized by his fa-r

cial expressions, which were over-
cl'langlng. It was entertainment it-
self just to watch him talk.

In response to the question con-
cerning how he started in the then-

ter, Horton said, “It just happened,‘
and my family objected to it." In.
college he took such courses as dog

hating, dramatics, English and ora—
tory just because he was interested

l in (hem. Now when he looks back, he 1

has decided that such subjects are
prerequisites for the average actor.
He used to see plays quite often.
,while still in school, and used to
llmagine himself playing the some

parts. Thus was his interest nrous— ‘

ed.

, "Desire to act and taking one‘s
‘lime in getting to the top." are the
two most important factors Horton
advised future thespians to consid-
,er. “When I was about nine, I
lwanted to be a baker.” he said. "I
Iused to go down the street and
i watch the baker for hours. fascinat-

led, When I was ten I had forgot-‘
lien the desire. But if anyone wants?
to be an actor, he must have a last— ‘
ing desire and be willing to put in‘

j a lot of time.”

‘ The dressing room Horton was;
using while at Harmanus Bleecker;

‘hall Monday and Tuesday for
“Springtime for Henry,” is the very
same one which he used when he
first played stock in Albany in 1916.
1 When asked what he thought of
‘the hills of Albany, Horton replied.

"I don't mind them a bit—in taxis."|

 

recess.

The senior class has also appoint-
ed a committee headed by Rita
Sullivan to investigate the possibil-
ity of purclulslng a plaque in mem-
ory cf the late Dr. Brubacher. It
is hoped that one may be erected
similar to the one just inside the
front doors to Page hall auditorium
commcmorutlng Richmond Henry
Kiriluud.

Kappa Phi Kappa ,
To Have Banquet

Stewart J, Smith, '40. president
of Chi chaptcr of Kappa Phi Kap-
pa. announces that the annual fall
banquet will be held this evening
in the Green room of tile Welling-
ton hotel at 6:30 o'clock. The guest
speaker for the event Will be Mr
George E, Hutchcl'son, Dil'l‘f‘llll’ oi
Guidance for the State of New
York. Mr. Hulchcrson will be m—
troduccd by Dr, John M. Saylcs.
president of the college. Dean Mll-
ton (l. Nelson and Dr. Arthur K
Bulk. who has been facility uden'
for tho pusi chlvc years, Will l)(‘
[in-twill. Mr. Smith will be tousl—
lllllhll’l'.

1.21s! nlghl [Wcuty—four new mom—
hers wcl'c mlllntcd into the frater-
uliy. ’l‘lwy arc: li‘l'ullk Augusllnc.
Willium lilu'l'cll Norman llt‘Nccl.
liouls l"l'lill(7i‘llil. lt'lll‘li‘ lichIl, Wile
llum Kl‘llll. Wllllum McCruckeu.
(lordon l‘onlllc umi Wilbur Vuilcy,
scullll's, liollcl'l AMIH‘ .lolln linkuy,
William liroplly, Uiillll‘l liuccl. Ar~
uold lL'lli‘l'Ill. Willlnm llallcr, Joules
Muloncy, Duli'lo Mancuso. John
Murray, (lcorgc Noonuu, l'llil‘Olll
Dolley, (flul'i-nrc ()lscn. Collsiulr
(lino l’uris, Charles Quinn. Ioscph;

 

Schwartz and James Silovcl', ju~
Illor's.

In the near future printed book—
lets on the principles of education
will be distributed to the student
body.

 

(boron 31mm 31

(Photo by Times Union)

 Acclaim;

VOL. XXIV, No. 6

iSCA Will Sponsor

Harris in Speech
Before Assembly

Howe to Offer Amendment
To Agne’s Resolutions
On Voting System

PEACE SPEAKER

    

l
l.
l?
l

1

Paul Harris. a Quaker, will dis-
cuss the European crisis in, assemb-
ly this morning. after which Stu-
dent association will consider the
proposed Agne voting amendments.
Student Christian association is
sponsoring the speaker, a former
member of the National Council
for Prevention of War. His topic
~ will be “Democracy—And a. World

"aul Harris, who will address the Of Change.”
student assembly this morning at Last «Friday the new voting sys-
11210 o‘clock, tom, presented by Myskania in the
spring. was adopted by the student
body. Today the Agne voting amend-
mean will again be on the agenda.
They read as follows:

A. Be it resolved that Myskania
clamp the Page hall boards Tues— iJUbllCly [305$ {01' at least three days
day nigm in benem perform- the complete numerical results of
anccs for the Stagecrafters. The all Class 811d SlUdent assomatlon
plays will begin promptly at 8:15 elections, and the numerical results
“ﬂock of all revotes incidental to such

Admission to the plays will be elections. With Phe exception that
by Silver collection all proceeds imal results winch would normally
going to the stagecmn class. not be announced prior to Moving-
Thesc funds will be used to ren- “13 ,day' Shall be posted m the pre'
ovate, and more important heal, “crlbw mallner by noon.“ the Mon'
. the ham on the Femmme Cooper day immediately Iollowmg Moving-
, estate which is to be used as 2. .ul) day'

‘ stagecraft workshop. , B. That candidates for class and

The first, play will be a tragedy lStudent association offices be se-
of social Significance, directed lectcd for revotes in the followins
i by Hy Meltz, Mr. Mcltz will manner:

; attempt the hitherto unprece- From a 11% of candidates ammg-
v dented feat of introducing eleven ed from top to bottom in the de-
, actors in a one-act Play. The sccnding order of their numerical
j second presentation is an Irish vote. the smallest number of can-
v comedy. directed by Betty Hardle. :didaies having in their total vote
ia clear majority of all votes cast,
.shall be selected from the top of

Campus one...    

Otto Howe, ’40, co-editor of the

STATE COLLEGE vas, will offer
While speculative buzzing con-
cerning the identity of the queen1

the following amendment to the
’created an atmosphere of mystery-

l

 

Stale Thospians Plan

Cooper Burn, Warming
Slate's advanced thespians will

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

above resolutions. It will eliminate

certain objections to them. It reads
and excitement. a throng of sub—lash fellow?
Hens gathered in Page hall, the,” Numerical results of all elections
{the two pages, Kay Wilson andwhall be Withheld until after final
,‘Ethel Appleton. sophomores, step-,V.Ong 011.3“ omces' After the
med to me from of the Stage. AS final elections the numerical re-
isoon as tile last notes of the bugles } suns 0’ “16.01.3111!” Elecuon’ and
'hﬂd faded away, me solemn, 501,01._.a11 revoics 1nc1dental to it, shall
,ous strains of Pomp and Circum- be posmd'
:sluncc floated over the hushed au- Lloyd K611.V. '40, lDFESldent Of St"-
l‘dlcnce. The marshal swung open (lellt HSSOCIBUOD. dlSClOSBd that
itch doors, The audience rose aslStudenl council is preparing a mas-
lone man to greet the new queen.‘ 101' COPY 0f the association's consti-
peme, dark—haired Jane w1150n,,iiliion, mncndments and legislative
radmljng happiness, entered. illCLS. All the minutes 0f the last
l Queen June I, gowncd in tl‘icliillwcn Years“? bang.scmunlzed
.tl'udillomll white, and carrying all” me. Compilauon wmcn wm be
‘ bouquet of red roses led hm. a“ I placed in the library so that one and
tending court of: Rita Sullivan and,“ can consun 1‘“
Mary 'l‘rumor. seniors, in yellow;l “*—
Mll'llllll Nchll and Lona Powell, H 0 
juniors. m pmk; Ruth Keelel' and L d
Mllill'l‘tl Swain, sophomores. in blue;  l 
l’tuih Dec and Mildred Mattice. o o
freshmen, in green. down the aisles:  D
oi the luldllorlum. The attendants 
remained on the steps of the stage, ______
,us the new queen, carrying herself Mr. pau] Hal-r15, of washmgmn’
lclgully, crossed to the center. Thcn D. C” Wm participate in a dummy
lllw vclvrl curtains parted. and last .~ . .,.
year's quccn, Clu'is Ades, attended bio“ bllonS()-I.L.q by the soon“ Act
by Bobby Arndt and Dolilc Pl‘lt- “013.,i'mnmi‘lﬁlgn Of Hie, Stiident
clnu'd scmors, came forward to re- ‘ Clln‘l’lluu abhocluuon at 3'30 ocmck
('clvc llil.‘ new queen. As Jane knccl- “"5 “Hemoon, 1” the Loungc‘ "Stu'
oil before her. Chris removed the ‘ CW” “ud Sow” Acuon'" Wu“ 5990'
crown from her own pretty brown I ll,“ emlma‘lls 0“ “1” Present war or"
lnuui und pluccd it carefully, lll‘llllj'jslsl W1” be [he “lb-leek or dlscus‘
on June's. :Sl‘m-

'I‘llc new quccn rose, and follow-I “ClUb X," the Organization 101‘
cd by her coul'l Look llel' place on connmllersund the "work-your-Way-
the royal llll'onc, through-college crowd" will meet
, Nccd We be lntroduccd further to‘TUE-Sday M 13300 O’ClOCk in the
,‘our m-w Queen? This year. besides .‘ Lounge A 5Pecml Program has been
;bclllg Campus Queen, Miss Wilsonjplanned in which members of the
its president of Drumatlcs and m-tlt‘aculty 3”“ SlUdellls Wlll Palm-ll-
,council, :1 member of Myskania. ac- ; Imie “1 a Panel dlSCUSSiOﬂ-

‘lee in debate, and one of the most Marriage commission will meet
popular girls in her class. ,Wednesday in the Lounge at 3:30

And so another colorful Campus o'clock. Dr. J. Allen Hicks of the
day has passed with fond memories education department will lead the
vol stunts, (first place won by the discussion on the subject, “What In
,ireslnnenll and a beautiful brunette Emotional Maturity and How Do
iquecn. You Get It?"

 

 

 

 

 

