   
  

    
    
     
    
 
  
  

 

!

 

i

 

      
     
  

 
 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, JANUARY 20, I939

 

 Exam System to Begin Next Wée/e

 

ilconiinued from page 1, column 5)
§to the students to develop a synthesis
got the student's work at the end of
.the course in June in place of the
lolder plan by which each course
might be dismissed and credit de-
posited at the end of a semester.
Tentative Grades

Concerning the procedure to be
followed under this plan, Dr. Nelson
stated that instructors in courses in
several departments have been re-
quested to cooperate in this experi-
ment beginning January, 1939. This
experiment will substitute in place
of the January examinations, the
procedure used at mid-semester,
namely, the registering of a tentative
grade based upon papers submitted
and class quiz grades. It is expected
that this procedure will demonstrate
that the student just returning from
the Christmas holidays, having been
distracted by social functions, will
be relieved from preparation for ﬁnal

Vvlews with those students doing un-
satisfactory work, others will use
this time for summarizing assign-
ments.

Students fearful that preparation
for a comprehensive examination in
June may prove a herculean task

that “it is expected that in all
courses where examinations have
been omitted in January, provision
will be made for a unifying and sum-
marizing treatment of the work of
the entire course: in other words the

aSSistance in bringing together the

his conclusions."

Student Opinion Sought
According to Dr.

on the success during future years
of this experiment which is now be-

welcome expression of opinion from
members of the student body. Stu-

 

 

 

 

examation in a part of the courses
for which that student is registered
and that this relief will enable the
student to prepare himself more
logically for those ﬁnal examinations

which are scheduled at the comple- “m

tion of a year's course.
Faculty to Cooperate

Faculty members, who are co-
operating in this experiment, will
report to the Registrar’s office the
names of the students who are
accomplishing unsatisfactory work
on exactly the same basis as such
reports are submitted for mid-semes-
ter grades in November and April.
Time saved through the omission of
these semester examinations will be
utilized by the instructors in a vari-

dents are advised that it is particu-

larly desirable for the faculty to be

informed whether or not students t

who are affected by this innovation,

feel a lessening in pressure at this
e.

will find solace in the announcement em college on Monday, February 6.

way from their campus in Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin. will be opposed

F' klln Kehi and
student will be expected to receive Sgsggtiegm £30m rg

course materials and in organizing follows. “Resolved: That the pres“
dent and Congress shall not declare
war for the United States except
Nelson. the in case of invasion of our terri-
permanency of this plan will depend tory.”

the visiting team while the State
ing initiated. The Dean's office will duo win support the negative,

at its regular constitutional meet-
ing last Tuesday afternoon.
will be twenty-five cents.

State Will Debate
Squad from West

The debate squad of Marquette
university is making a tour to meet
several eastern college teams. Among
their opponents is State college who
looks forward to debating the west-

at 8:00 o’clock in the 'Lounge of
Richardson hall.
The team that is traveling all the

The question to be debated is as

The affirmative will be upheld by

Elect Walden Treasurer

John Walden, ’40, was chosen
reasurer of the Forum of Politics

Dues

 

 

As regards the future of the Dean's
List, Dr. Nelson stated that in all
probability it would be continued
on an annual basis.

 

 

 

EMIL J. NAGENGAST
F L O R l S T
Bonded Member of F.’l‘.D.A.
“Buy Where the Flowers Grow"
Dial 2-3318 Ontario at Benson St.

 

 

 

ety of ways: some will hold inter-

JUNIOR PROM
Feb. 10

See “Charlie” Franklin, '39
for

WALDORF
“TUX or TAILS”

Seniors to Conduct
Traditional Banquet

Regina Murphy to Be Chairman
of General Committee

The annual senior class banquet
will be conducted on Wednesday eve—
ning, February 15 at 6:00 o’clock.

Reginia Murphy is general chair-
man of the committee that is plan-
ning this affair. She will be as-
sisted by the following committee
heads: arrangements, Victoria Bilzi;
entertainment, Betty Baker; facul-
ty guests and speakers, Robert Gor-
man; waitresses, Kathryn Adams;
advertisement, William Torrens;
decorations, Mary Halpin; and
clean-up, Edgar O’Hora. J. Edmore
Melanson will be toastmaster at the
banquet.

The members of the clean-up
committee have already been ap-
pointed by O’Hora. The committee

includes: Leonard Friedlander, R.
Cuthbert Lonsdale, and Carolyn

Mattice.

Essay Contest Offers
Hundred Dollar Prize

The National Municipal league has
announced that it is offering a scho-
larship of one hundred dollars to
under-graduates. The recipient of
the scholarship will be the winner
of a contest for the best essay on
a subject connected with state or
municipal government. The com-
petition is open to undergraduate
students, registered in a regular
course in any college or university
offering direct instruction in state
or municipal government. Any fur-
ther information can be obtained
from the National Municipal league,
309 East 34th Street, New York city.

Will Sponsor Contest
The Collegiate Digest will again
sponsor a Salon Edition in which
the members of college camera
clubs are invited to send interest-
ing photographs. Prizes will be
awarded to the best pictures on (a)
still life, (b) scenes, (0) action and

 

 

candid photos, (d) portraits.

 

 

Geo. D. Jconcy. Prop

Boulevard

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

 

 

and Grill

Dial 5-1913

Cafeteria

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

. . . the HAPPY COMBINATION (blend)
of American and Turkish tobaccos

in Chesterﬁeld whic

more smoking pleasure.
Chesterﬁeld combines in rare

degree qualities you’

cigarette. In Chesterﬁeld you’ll ﬁnd

refreshing miltlness.. .

pleasing aroma. Its can’t-bc-copied blend

. . . a combination 0

cigarette tobacoos...brings out the liner
qualities of each tobacco.

Whenyou try

why Clwstcrﬁclds give millions of

men and zoo

pleasure. . . why 'l‘l’llt‘Y SA'I‘lSli Y

Chesterfiel

. . . the blend th

.. . the RIGHT COMBINATION of the

world’s best

 

h gives millions

ll ﬁnd in no other
better taste...more

f the world’s best

 

them you will [mow

men more smoking

at can ’t be copied

cigarette tobaccos

 

"a

MARYLIN MESEKE,
of Marion, Ohio, chosen
as the country’s most
beau Itful girl of theyear.

  
  

  

  
   

 

CopyIIghi 1959. LIch a Muss Toucco Co.

   
   

 

 

 

 

State Colleg

  

LIBRARY
E F OR TEACHERS

   

STATE

6

 

 

 

 

Z-443

Assembly Today
To Feature Talk
On Foreign Crisis

League of Nations Sponsors
Figgures in His Tour
of United States

 

 

 

John Edge. ’39, president of stu-
dent association, announces that F.
F, Figgurcs, overseas secretary of
the British League of Nations Union,
will address the student body in
assembly this morning. His topic is
not deﬁnitely known but it is be-
lieved he will talk about current
problems in Europe, especially that;
of the refugees.

Mr. Figgures is touring the United
States and Canada. sponsored by the
League of Nations association. He
has been close to the political de-
velopments in Europe, especially
those of Great Britain and France
for several years, As an organ-
izer of conferences during many
European crises in the past few years,
he speaks with authority on the‘
political situation in Czecho-Slo-

 

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1939

Information Rings Out
About New College Rings

Yes, we know, you want your
college rings, poor doors, and
the why’s and where’s and
wherefore’s are botherin's you
no end. Want some ﬁrst-hand
information on the subject-so-
near-to-your-heart? Just read
along.

First of all a warning, or
rather two. Juniors and seniors
only may have that esteemed
privilege of buying rings. More-
over, senior orders will bc ﬁlled
immediately while juniors,
though they must order now,
may not wear their rings until
Moving-Up Day. So there!

Secondly, some lines of inter-
est. This year a precedent has
been established in that the
rings will henceforth and hereon
be a standard State college
ring—the same each year. It is
similar to that of last year,
black onyx stone with the col-
lege seal cut into it. Nice, huh?

Now down to the brass tacks
of pertinent information. Orders
will be taken in the Rotunda of
Draper hall next Thursday and
Friday. February 16 and 17, from
10:00 until 2:00 o'clock.

There will be a choice of three
prices: $8.50, $9.50, and $10.50.
Yep, that's where all the money
goes. but ain't it worth it?

VoL. XXIII, No. 15

[Junior Weekend Features Prom Tonight,
Class Luncheon, Tea Dance Toﬂorrow

 

Weekend Festivities
of Junior Class

MURPrW WILL PLAY

 

Cogger Chairmans Event;
lngle Room to Be Scene
of Dancing

The grand ﬁnale of Junior week-
end will be the informal Junior Tea
Dance. This ﬁnal event of two
whirl-wind days will be conducted
tomorrow
‘5:30 o’clock in thc Ingle room of
the Alumni Residence halls, accord-
ing to Robert Cogger, '40, general
chairman.

Dancers at this affair can delight
l in the music of Francis Murphy and
his orchestra. Murphy plays regu-
larly at the Ten Eyck Hotel and may
also be heard on Tuesday nights at
11:15 o‘clock over WOKO.

The following will act as chaper-
ones Dr. A. R. Brubacher, president

 

vakia, France, and Great Britain.

During the German occupations of
the Sudctcn region following the
Munich Accord, Mr. Flggures was
sent into Czccho-Slovakia to study
conditions concerning the refugee.I
question and also to investigate some ‘
of the rumors that had been coming
to England.

When a student, Mr. Figgurcs al-
ways was interested in

the Educational
of the State Education department,
will
chapter of Kappa Phi Kappa. edu-
socicty. on
political Thursday evening in the Lounge of Thomas

cational

1Dr. Coxe to Address

of the college, and Mrs. Brubacher;
Miss Helen Hall Moreland, dean of
students; Dr. Robert Ricnow, in-

' ' structor in social studies, and Mrs.
Educatlonal SOCICIY Ricnow; Dr. Donna] V. Smith, pro-

fessor of social studies, and Mrs.

Dr, warren w, 00x0. director of Smith; Mr. Adam A. Walker, profes-

addrcss the members of Cl

professional

Research Division sor of economics and sociology, and

Mrs. Walker; Mr, William G.
,1 Hardy, instructor in English. and
Mrs. Hardy.

Guests for tea dancc
Kinsclla.

are: Dr.
instructor and

 

problems as a member 01‘ the B,.1L_,Rlchardson hall at 8:00 o'clock, Dr. ASUIPCI'VASOI' in commerce. and Mrs-
lsh Universities League of Natioxlslcoxe Will speak on “Future Trencls‘Km-‘w'mi M1“ Chester Tel‘l'lll- assis-

Unlon. After receiving degrees from;
both New college and Morton at 0x-
ford, he attendch

ship.
At the recent Plenary Congress

 

l '\
Yale University Elm,va of K
Law school on the Henry Fellow-'will
March 2—4.
spring banquet and routine business inlsm'llcml' in

. in Education."

ltant professor of commerce. and

After this address. the society will Ml“?- Ti’l'l'mi D13 William H Gilbert.
m a delegate to the National AS_ lasersiaut instructor in government,

of the International Federation ofiWill “150 be discusse‘i‘

the League of Nations society held in
Copenhagen this summer, Mr. Fig-

of the federation.

l hotel.

The annual banquet will be con-
;ductcd this year at the Wellington
Dr. Frank P. Graves, com-
glll'CS Wilh‘ CleCiOd SCCl'etﬂl'Y-Q'enel'ﬂlimissioncr of education, will be the
guest speaker.

 

 

 

Review of Junior Class Activity
Reveals Outstanding Successes

by Saul Grccnwuld 0

Junior history dutcs back to thc'or '40 begun to Show its mettm
fall of '30 when that jolly class first 81ch 0 I‘L‘CODUOR to its l‘lVHI Class
before that historic rivalry contest
begun. Next came sophomore party
class of ‘38. their Junior tIQiVlSOI‘S. in the high: room in which We really
Thereafter, with the help of these got Log-0mm. M a class and began L0
feel the
Then Soll'cc — the ﬁrst successful
venture in formal entertainment for
the entire clues—remains with
us one of the
ccptions Wc bccumu “orientated” to 80])11011101'0 Will'-

cntcrcd thcsc scholarly halls, and
wore taken under the winI,r of the

advisors, wo vcrdunt freshmen. un-
der the guidance of Simmons and
Baird. conducted tons and banquets,
and in return Wcrc feted by the col-
lege and the upper classes with bun-
qucts and receptions. At these rc-

thc spirit uull traditions of State col-
lege, which we still hold and chcr-
ish.

Our first I'IcmuIlutuuco with col-
lcgc llfc ('umc when we took those
so-cullcd slumlurdlzcd or  lcsls

to worry. 'l‘iwu. ui'lcr thut. cumo
thosc l'rcslnuuu colll'sus, hyulcuc.
oI'ul I'lngllsh, qulh, sch'ncc, luu- Ill“

guqu-s. uud lilhllil'j’, in of. lcust ouc

 

necessity for social

highlights of

The class bccuiuc

politics in helium

uuusuul finish

of which muuy of our sph'ilcd clum. I'IIISSI'H Wt'rc tied it] [he contest,

llli‘l llli‘ll‘ (Iowul'ull.
'l‘hcu l'llllli‘ l'I‘uII‘I'nlly uud soror-

llv rushing. cluhniuu from our I'unks ill't'i'll i'l'l‘bllllli‘“ 11”” (“'ll‘llllllli’tl UH‘I” Mum“ mummi- “(mm)”:
‘ m H“. .m-hmqm (,1- 5m“, ,.,,1.,.,;,._,zuk, '(iti, Schcucvus.‘couuu’crcc; liillllt,
'11,“, m. mm“. m 1]“, junior prmnl'lllllll, ‘liii, ltoI-ssclh'lllc, science; and
lhc highlight of our junior your with (“"‘li'ﬁ
ltcuuh- Childs uud his orchcslru to,""“1”““"“’-
furnish us [he music ut the Aurunio'
vh-lmy “my amp”; H“. (4,15,, 01' '40 club, llllill‘l' lhc direction of Sullivan:
uud Cupplcllo. ‘

Cuu you mlcss who will bu junior
prom queen? Well, it will bu one of
ihosn iivc l'uir quldcus, AI'udt, llurt— stuff of thc Nuws, will be resumed
muun, l’rhchurd. Stewart and Wil~
wuys remember bccuuso of tho mcm- so“,

muny dislluuulslu'd m c m h c i‘ 5.
Our ﬁrst luslc of I'lvuh'y come with
lulcrcluss dchulcs. slugs, pushhull.
slums, huuucr luuus. muscol, hunts,
uud bulhs in tho showcrs, 'l‘lu'ouuh

Incrucd smiling and conlldcut. ()u
Moving-up day We came in contact.
with tho most impressive ccrcmou-
ics ihui we had obscrvml up to
thut limo. Thut duy \vc shull III-

oI'lI's thut WcI'o instilled in us.
'l‘hc ncxt your under the direction

 

prcsldu
of Kclly uud Cupplcllo, the class our

It

lifc.

us
our
We topped off the
your with one of the most success-
ful cluss buuqucts, uudcr Kowulsky’s
direction.

lulcrcstcd in ‘38,
the constitutional u 550 In bly uud
intcrcatcd in
“1mm whm, wl. we“. (3,,”thde not Gouger was elected spcukcr for the
forum of politics the Icht ycur.

app“ pm Kappa, wmchjand Mrs, Gilbert; Dr. William M.
convene at Cleveland Ohio‘ French, instructor in edueution, and
plans for the mnmalers. French; Mr. William R. Clark,

English. and Mrs.
C ark; Mr. Raymond G. Fisk, assis-
tant instructor in chemistry; and
Miss Mary E, Morton. social direc-
tor of the Alumni Residence halls.
The committees assisting Cog—
gcr are: arrangements, Grace Cul-

- lcn; orchestra. William McCrackcn;

chapel-ones and guests, June
Amachcr; refreshments, Luella Hess;
programs and bids. Stewart J.
South.

New Appointments

The bureau an-
nounces that the following students
have secured positions: Phyllis
Perry, '38. Wells, Latin and English;
Mlll'lCll Ball, ’38, McGraw, French
uud commerce; Edward Subol, ‘37,
Lynbrook, commerce; Frederick
Byrncs. '37. Nyuck, commerce; War-
rcu l, Dcusmorc, '38, Bay Shore. his-
iory and economics: Puu] Schmltz,
Amllyvlllc, commerce; Agnes
Wilson, '37, Red Hook Central school,
Lililllgllh'll uud llbrury; Joseph Cutlcr.
'38, Spcuccr Port, commerce; Ellis

At Lwa. ’30, Williumsvlllc, commerce;
the conclusion of lhc scuson camc I"l'llll(!ls Mchiuh. ill'lld. HHVCI'SU'HW.
to rivuh'y. For
[he first. lime in Stulc's history two

library; Dorothy Wulsou. grad. Wcl-
lingion C. McPhuu school, llcihuorc,
l., I.. couuncrcc; uud I"l'illll{ Chump.

 

In our junior ,\’l‘lll' lilo cluss (Il',in’“l(l. Glovcrsvillc, English.

So h‘l. us ull go to [lie juuio

prom and sec for ourselves who will
the guycst event in

(lVL‘i‘

junior your.

ﬁlo “(-1.11 “,q Jun“... “(h-1m,” H, [mi The following huvc rccvivcd sub-

Lucille

li‘usoll. '37, Mcchuuicvlllc.

Cub Classes Will Meet
I The rcgulur wcckly cub clusscs,

conducch Lhrmlghout the your for
frcsluuun tryouts to [ho cdltorlul

ucxl. \vcck. Those classes will meet
1' in room 111 of Drupcr hull III. 12:00
o’clock. The class will be taught by

juniors.

,Tea Dance Will Terminate'

afterncon from 2:30 to

Bureau Announces ,

l

,I'cctor of the Irish Foiklcrc Commis-
’slou, should be u joy not only to

vReggie Childs’ Famous Ban'd
Will Furnish Rhythm
at Aurania Club

CAPPIELLO TO DIRECT

Coronation of Prom Queen
to Climax Festivities
of Gala Evening

PROM CHAIRMAN

Tonight the annual Junior prom
will open a traditional and gala
weekend of fun and festivity. Juniors
and their guests will dance to the
music of Reggie Childs and his or-
chestra, at the Aurania club from
10:00 to 2:00 o’clock. Childs’ or-
chestra is recognized as one of radio
fame on an N.B.C. coast-to-coast
network, and as one which has
played in many of the leading hotels
and supper clubs in the country.

Bids will be on sale at a table
in the lower corridor of Draper hall
until 4:00 o'clock this afternoon and
at the Aurania club tonight. They
are $3.75. Blanket bids for the three
affairs of the weekend may be se-
cured for $5.50.

The featured highlight of the eve-
ning will be the crowning of the
Prom queen. The queen, who has
already been chosen by the junior
class, but whose identity will not
be revealed until the coronation, will
be one of the following: Mary
Arndt, Eloise Hartmann, Dorothy
Pritchard, Ruby Stewart, and Jane
Wilson.

 

Joseph Cappicllo, vice-president of

the junior class, who is general
‘chairman of tonight's prom.

Juniors to Lunch

At HMn Eyck

Tomorrow noon from 12:00 o'clock
to 2:00 o'clock the Junior class will

 

Chapcroncs
Chapcroncs for the From are: Mr.
George M. York, professor of com-
conduct Junior Lill. ‘ieon, one of mere?! and Mrs-,Ym’ki M"~ Harrison
the three animal affairs of Junior Terwunger- assmam “mks-9°" or
weekend. Marjorie Baird! general commerce, and Mrs. Terwuligcr; Mr.
chairman of the luncheon am aul G. Bulger, assistant instructor
nounccs that the guest speakers will and PFI'SODHCI “5515mm: and Mrs-
be Louis C. Jones, instructor in Eng- BUlger’ Ml" Wallace w' Tami)!" as"
“Sh, and Dr. J. Allan Hicks? pro_}515ta11t professor and supervrsor of
fessor of guidance. Lloyd Kelly, vice— “0w” Stl‘mes'
president of student association, will GUCSLS for we Prom are: Dr- and
be we Loasmmsmr. Mrs. A. R. Brubacher; Dr. and Mrs.
Guests of the junior Class include: 33:33,“? £21302;  Nthss Halen
Dr. A, R. Brubacher. president of J .‘1 ' 51 en 5' .
the college and Mrs. Brubachcr' owl)? Cﬂpmeno' Vice—promdent
Miss Helen! H. Moreland dean of of the junior class, is general chair-
studcnts; Mr. Jones and Mrs. Jones; man or me event' ASSlStmg mm

 

. , I . I H , are the following committees: music,
 153121131193Sbgéﬁsvscgﬁg’ Mary Arndt. chairman. Gordon
‘ ‘ - ‘I v Peattic. Leonard Kowalsky, Jane

:class Myskania guardians.
Committees assisting Miss Baird
arc: arrangements. Theron Powell;
speakers, Lorraine Thcurcr; and
decorations, Rita Sullivan.
Tickets. available only to juniors
and their guests, will be one dollar.

Wilson, and Audrey Connor; ar-
rangements. Frances Field, chair-
man. Stan Kullman and Louis Fran-
ccllo; publicity, Alvin Weiss, chair-
man, Ray Grebert, Robert Karpcn,
Doris Shultes, Frank Kluge, Mary
(Continued on page 2, column 3)

 

Son of Erin to Deliver Lecture

On Folklore of Irish Free State

Culling all sons of Erin! And
daughters, too—and all good Irish-
Incn of the other nationalities! New-
man club's presentation of Seamus
O'Duilcurgu, notch lecturer and di—

Hc has up unrivaled knowledge of
his subject and is considered the
outstanding authority of Ireland's
uncian tales. The story of the
amount of folk—tradition hc has ac-
cumulated is almost incredible, when
we realize that this result has been
brought about almost singlohandcdly
by this enthusiastic Irishman.

the heart of every Harp but to the
spirit of cch‘y sludcut who goes for
good I-nu-rtulmucm,. l ,
Mr, O’DuilcuI'gu comes frqu the. MUHTO‘W‘ h" 1“ “ml”! “5 a 190'
(ilclls of Antriin, a district in North- “‘1'” “brou‘l' Asia", “'0'” m“ “'0'
custom Ireland when! the uncicut (“wm’ “pmumucw‘ 1” m” British
Gucllc trudltion still lingers. Evcu “('5' h“, “Wm” tumult)“ [More
us u lud hc wus (ll'IlWll by lilo stories L“le (.""l"1”l‘ “““j”'“““'“ .lde
uud low of the old couutvyincu ohm“ “ml’l"“5 “1 “‘0 (“n-mu“ Educu‘
NH [mu-H, glms‘ Upon his swam“ ; lliill Bourd.‘ He is wvll known among
mm {mm H“, Univmily comb,“ AIncricuu lolklorists who huyc hud
Dumm m, “Ham,” 1,, “WU,” Mme” lhc omuu'lunliy oi hcurmg hun lec-
lo the study of lrish oral tradition, Hum balm“! Um Imcm‘mmml Fun"
uud spvul much illllc l'l‘t'iil'illllg from 1”!“ (“Wm”-
mo old glory Icllcrs ut ll‘iclr owu So come on, you Irisluncn and all

,ih'csldI-s the tales which had come.syuumihizcrs—«don’t wult till Suint

down to lhcm through hundreds oi‘ll"uil'ick's any to show your spirit.
yours. When Seamus O’Dullcm'ga comes to

The Irish ll‘rcc State in 1930 cslub- Pugc hull let‘s give him u worthy
llsh tho Irish Folklol'c Commission I'ccvpiion. You don’t have to be
With O'Dullcurgu as ils director. In Irish; you don’t even how. to be mad
his work he has visilcd III] of the ubout l'()lklol'c~—ull you need is the

 

Saul Grccnwuld and Sally Young, rcgurdcd us one of the most inter—

outlying districts of lrclund. llsicn- mood for a most cntcrtuining eve-
ing to tho story-tellqu of what is ning. Start saving your ccutscs. all
you collccns and collcugucsv-Nshura
csiiug countries in the folklore world, and ye Won’t regret it if yo do!"

 

  

  

   

