 

 

 

    

Page 2

STATE COLLEG 5) NEWS, FEBRUARY 17, 1939

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O'Hora, 3-2843; Strong,
2—9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzi, 3-9538

Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y. '

postal/ice

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTIHING DY
. . . ~. .
National Advertismg Serwce, inc.
(fol/rye Publisher: Rc/M‘cscIlIl/lirc
420 MADISON AVE. New YonK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' Boston ' L05 ANGELES ‘ SAN FRANCISCO

 

 

THE NEWS BOARD
JEAN STRONG .  .. Editor-in-Chicf
EDGAR B. O’HonA Oo-Editor-in-Ctiief
ROBERT E. Hnnrwic . . . . Managing Editor
O'rro J. Hows . , . Associate Managing Editor 1
LEONARD E. KOWALSKY Associate Managing Editor ;
SALLY E. Yorsc . Associate Managing Editor
Vicroni/i A. Bum . . Business Manager |
JOAN M. BYRON

. Adrcrtising Manager
GRACE B. CAHTlGLlNli

, Circulation Manager
THE NEWS STAFF

Charles Franklin Men’s Sports Editor i

 

Betty Clark  . Women’s Sports Editor
William Ryan . . Assistant Sports Editor
Joseph Bosley Assistant Sports Editor

 

 

Housing (Un)c0nscz'0us .3

Annually there descends upon us the
Housing Drive. Seniors get to know about
it, but, unfortunately, not until they are
seniors, To the three lower classes, it is
as remote and pointless as a weather pre-
diction. That, to our untutored mind, is the I
predominant fault with the present system.

Unless you have lived in the dormitory,
the endless benefits of the housing system
are foreign to you. Here is one vital
point: cramped as we are in present quar- i
ters, the proposed Student Union would be
a social center to ' all those people to whom
the housing system can now offer nothing.

Our second bone oi" contention is this:
for three years an average student goes :
through State college without thinking or
caring about the Housing l'und. During all I
the time he is interested most vitally in‘I
school affairs, the most important affair
of the school is dead to him. in his last
year, a senior’s interest of necessity changes
from the past to the future. Next year and
teaching are his primary concerns, yet it
is at this bewildering time that he is as-
sailed by the lirivc captains!

.
l
i
l
I

How much better it would be to make
the undcrclasscs conscious ot‘ this project
while their activities are within its very
limits. This \vcakness is being righted in
a commendable way. Today in assembly,
Dr. Saylcs will take a big stcp in making
the whole college llousing-l)rive-conscious,
and what is even more vital, when the
Student Union becomes a reality, it will
be a monumental advertisement. ,

Business For Sale
l

iououots, Juniors! We know you spent l
time and cil'ort on l’rom, and the results
were self-evidcnt. ilowcvcr, the amazing ‘
part of the weekend reports is found in ,
the summary of opinions that your teal
(lance was an cipialiy great social succcss
as i’rom.

That, to us, brings forth IWo conclu-
sions ~lii'st: that l--a dances it’l't‘ “in” at.
State coilcgc "an cml (lcvoutly to be
wished," we might add Shninespoarcan-
like; and sci-ondly that. thc cxponso and
formality of a function is not necessarily
proportionate to its success, r

Hero is our idea: since tea dances are '
less oxpcnsivo, why doesn’t some intorpris-
ing organization capitalize on them?

(Ed. note. Scoopcd again! iiaytord announced.
at Senior Banquet, plain. for All-State Tea fiance
sponsored by ‘39»«Wcll here's wishing you success,
Tillers.)

 

99 44/100 % Poor

 

 

 

COMMENTSTATER-

We have just ﬁnished reacting the State College
Lion that I’Ubllcation that attempts to be funny four
times a year with the use of one theme—that which
is wrong with the News. We are very willing to ad-
mit that the rivalry that exists between the Nuivs and
the Lion is much like the rivalry that exists between
every college newspaper and comic magazine, but no
one has dragged it out to its unfunny end quite like
the Lion has succeeded in doing. We do not want to
see the rivalry ended, as we enjoy it as much as any-
one does. but the fact remains that repetition is not
the spice of life, but variety is. The rivalry should
not die because both of us need it, but unless the
Lion can think up a few new angles they ought to
make this a theme for one page and not {or every
issue.

When we viewed the cover we mused—‘thls looks
like a good edition.’ The editorial was excellent
for its type and the table was the best bit of writing
we've seen in the Lion or any college humor maga-

 

zine——perhaps its appeal was limited to a minority‘

but to that minority it should be great amusement—
to the majority it must have, at least, been funny.
At that point we were ready to believe that the
Lion had at last put out an excellent issue. But We
soon found our mistake. The contest idea was trite;

, the State of the Nation just missed: the reprints of

the News stories of the Lion were overdone—We be-
lieve only the headlines and the review of the first
Lion should have been used; the motivation cartoon
lacked zip; the testimonials were not original in any
sense nor funny even as reprints; the parody of the
Gettysburg address gave hope for a new birth of humor
but the song below it slumped back into old Lion un-
hinnincss.

The remainder of the magazine deserves little coin-
ment——-the cartoons Wcre saved by very clever caption-

‘ ing which brought them up to date and made them

humorous, but then the old quote pugc slipped back
to the incdoerity of senility. Something has to be
done if the board expects to make this the page of

humor that they expect it to be. And then. even the ,

comedy from other collcge humorags smelled.

The makeup of the paper was excellent. and it the
contents had been as good as the makeup, We would
haVc l)t.‘(il able to write as our predecessors did. but
as it is. for our humor we'll read the Stu/c (,‘otlcgc
Dirt (’lltl'il.

Talk about clowns. We think that thc MAA boys
or the janitorial system takes the duncc‘s cap. Friday
a crew of meters Wcri- assembled from Hartwicks
the game was overw and they were waiting to dance ~
and then the Slate hosts Were informed that there
could be no dancing as the Commons had noi been
signcd for State hospitality!

 

Appointment Bureau

 

Ncr-zl ’i‘hursday, at 3:30 o'clock ill room 20. there
\‘.'lll l)t' an important, mccinig of all senior and gradu-
uic :dudcnis lll rcgnrd to l,t‘ilt*l'.\ ol inquiry and Ap—
plicnln n. The pnmphlci cr-zpinnnng llllh mnicrial Will
he disiributcd at this incl-ling, At the shine tlinc llicl't'
Will be a lollow—up discussion on ilic lu'tlucs question-
more that. was tillcd out by the senior and graduate
studi ms.

0‘ 0 ~ 0

chiors should chcck up some limc this wrck on

thcir schcdulc cards. placing lhc course and classroom

, llllllllit‘l'h in thc :iiniropruiii- spam-5. and iil:.:: indicating

on lhc curds whcrc ihcy (an bi.- found during ihcir
\iicnlit pci'iixis. Hlncc positions lliuy colni- lll iii. any
ilmc oi lhc day, it. is cssclitial that those concerned
:.hould ltl.llll(l to this maili-r mnncdiiitcly,

it it: linpcrntiw- lhal .ncnlors bi- :iii'c lo indlciiti-
\Illll‘lt‘ tllcy ('illl bc loi'ulcd iliii'llii; c\i'l'y l'l'i-c pi'l‘loti ill
lhc wcck

h 0 v 0

'i'hi-rc Will bc a pnnI-l (it-cu- ‘ ion on Huturilny, Mulch
(l, in lV.t‘l n it) till lilltl ill (it) o‘clu‘k. ll‘tl by lilile :.cllooi
piincipiil'. ll'itilll’llllll, lhc l‘i'flllll'l‘llil‘llth tin-y ili'ck lll n
"lh'ginning 'l'iiii'hi‘l" nnd illtti ii itill’. on lhc subuct
'(roiniminny lhlaiionr.” 'l‘hi:. diucuriaion i.-. tic
‘i'.!,ni‘d directly lrr 'iiltll'lllfl in orihr lliut tin-y lllli_‘,
lilitit'l".Iilll.’l Wliiil. r. l't‘tilillt‘tl ol ihcm villi-n they t‘llil'l'
lhc iii-hi All hl'liltilr. and iii'uduiitc ?.ltiiit‘lli.‘. should bx.
primnl tor this». (llt.i'll:..‘.ltili and all iunh-igl‘iiduulc .‘llll‘
(li'llli. iii’c iliV'ilt‘ti to illlt‘llti.

. . i .
'l'bc nppoinllncnt bill'cuu lllllltlllllt'i'h that lhc lol-
lowlng flllltll‘lllh bail: rcccivid [)fmllltillh' li‘nyc l"Ul'(*-

man. '30. connncrcc. Sharon Springs; Virginia l"lil‘t',V,
'Iltl, commcrcc (.‘ulilhtmi; Mlclnicl (irittin 'Ilti, ("‘lll-
mi-rce, itcd llook. position clfcctiVi- immediately; .ioiin
Kaplan, ‘37, cinnncrcc. l’orlchcstcr; Sarah Murdock
grad. commcrcc. Walkill; and Lucille Zak, 'Iiti. coili—
n‘icicc, Crown Point The lollowing hnvc rcccived
substitute positions: llari'lct l‘apcnuiler, 'Iltl, commerce,
Schcncvus; and ls‘lda 'l‘imm, (icrmnn and science,
ltoesslcvlllc.

Clubs Announce
Meetings, Plans

Mock Radio Program
at Next Session

French Club

duct a meeting at 7:30 o'clock in
the Lounge of Richardson hall. The
report of the committee for the
annual spring l‘ctc will be given
and deﬁnite plans made.

The committee is: Madeline Sees-
ny. '41. chairman, Mildred Leach.
Mary Kays. seniors; Beatrice Mar-
ashinsky, Ethel Cohen. sophomores.
and Dorothea Devlns. '42.

Following this. a mock radio pro-
gram ln French will be presented.

The committee in charge of" the
radio program is: Mildred Selden,
5'40. David Kreher. '41. Glen Wal-
‘rath, '42.

 

Classical (‘lub
According to an announcement of
Eleanor Wise. president. the Classi-
cal club will have a meeting next
Thursday cvrning from 7:30 to 10:00
o'clock in the Loungi- 01‘ Richardson
ihnll. There will be a program,
entertainment and refreshments.
Everyone is Welcome.
German (‘lub
(icrmnn club Will have a party
in the Lounge of Richardson hall
shortly. Arrangements are being
made this Week.

 

State
of
Affairs

._._— (‘. Ii. W.

 

A tired old man went to his final
rest last WPL’k, With his last breath
he fought for thc police of the world
which was his life's goal. Perhaps.
now, he has found a grcatcr, mori-
lasting pcacc.

Long an abli- diplomat. he has
made a lasting impression on Euro—
pcnn sluicsnninship. Oi lllillll)lt‘
birth. hc rosc lo the highest earthly
rank religion can bestow. Always
progressive, llt‘ made the most of
lhc inaerls oi tilc thnticth ccn-
iury. mcdcrnizing the Vatican. but
kccping its older treasures.

Spiritual head and temporal i‘lili‘l'
of the world‘s millions of Catholics
lll life. Pills Xi will be mourncd by
those of all crccds all races.

lie has lctt illt.‘ l'Zui'opciin occur
but to our mind his influcncc will
be felt for sonn- time to conic.

. . . .

Wc Wcic intcrcsicd in the l'l‘lll't‘-
mrni. oi llrnndcis irom lhc Suprcmc
(.‘ourt bi-nch. llc Win. H2. Sci-mi.
to u:. that in thc good old (iny:. o'
iln- lalicr Iiith ccnlury. a fellow
iiboiu that ngc, nnmcd licn It'l'illlltllll
was pointing to Canada on goodwill
llllhhltlllﬁ.

O t i t

So Willi Miliit'c ’l'owai'd Sonic huh
l)t‘t‘ll choscn lhc most. original book
ol lhc \cal' closely followwl by
Young Man Willi a llorn. We lhiiik
cllllt'l‘ dcscrvcd lhc honor; the iiul-
my opus. for its sparkling prohc
and lillt'iill illustrations; the lilll’d'l‘
novci. lor cnmcrhing lhc beat of
’blui-n' rhythm into the Vcrnnculnr.

And --.pcnklng of books. it you
iniusmd liorolhy ’l‘hompson‘s column
\ilicl'clii .‘lll' :.cnd:-; books, lnstcud ol
ViiIi-iitllii-:.. to thc icrciit and nculv
[.jlt‘iii, look it. ill) right NOW it's,
Worth ll.

0 U 9 1

And Htiitc is lll‘.lil up tin-rc in
lllt‘ toicgronnd thn it comcs Io lll—
novulloni»; in ('lil'l'l'lt'lilill' htl'iictulm
A l'l't't'lll ('iii'ck hilth [lint ovi-r 152.0
i-olligi-s in lhc connirv haw- lli.‘ll
lull-d sonic iorm oi nizo'rlzigi- cducn.
lion And ncnriy nil oi thcm.
Mioringi- l‘tllllllllh.‘.ltill, iaki- u bow!
colitdbl oi discurlsion groups or lcc—
iurci. by uuthorltli-s, or both.

Simmons. latent. collcgc to insti-
iinii- this topic in their Iimlcrgradm
into activillcs. hm. .‘zllll'llll to
i-xpcrhncnt with individuallch dls~
icui-idon groups. iollowhig li-cturc
courth interest is veering away
lrom lhc ti'iiditionnllzml hygiene
courses and turning to problems of
scx and their relation to fuller liv-
log.

French Club Will Conduct‘

Wednesday. French club will con-‘

 

Kampus

Kapers

 

 

 

We are Cupid. We think We did

a good job this week; what with
all the lace and hearts and stuff. . ..
There seemed to be a predominance
of the kind of Valentine that says.
"I lovo you. Teacher," particularly
among the seniors. . . . . The mem—
lbcrs ol' the News board and staff
ireceived very original Valentines...
jPi-ofessor Risley was quite the Val-
entino of Valentine‘s Day—he was
not only showered with hearts, but
,also his bulletin board.
l Junior weekend came and went.
:After the ball was over we looked
.around and found that we had a
very nice time. The secret came
out of the bag (better than the
balloons did!) and here was petite
and sweet Jane Wilson carrying her
,honors modestly and well. May We
'say a word for Regina Murphy and
thc attendants who formed a really
iquccnly court. Reggie Childs
presented a very danceable band.
We like him—didn't you? Of course,
,l’omp and Circumstance has bcen
,playcd more accurately, and We fccl
it. was careless ol' Reggie to have
slipped up with Myskania at the
piiinot. . . . Tea was served at Tea.
Dance and We even saw some people
drinking it. The Juniors did
well as entertainers, it not as ii—
niincicrs. The many ()lttskii-i‘s at.
the lunctions must llilVi‘ (:ul‘i'icd
‘away a good impression of a good
time.

The time when old l'rii-nds mi-ci is
a good time. The past \vi-ckcnd
ovcrtlmvcd with Welcome alums. We
saw Milly Nightingale and Paul
Dillinan. John O‘Brien was around

 

 

 

too. . . . Dottie Cain and Estelle
Murphy visited Chi Sig. , . , Marion
Cohen was at A.E.Phi. . . . The ion

Gum's Welcomed iiclen Emery.
Sororities

Let's take a look at the sorority
houses. . . . Kappa Dclta found it
embarrassing to rc-i'usc. whcn a fuse
bli-w out at 10:40 o'clock last Monday
night. The (iainma Knps got a. Viti-
cntlnc in the shapc ol a cut. they
linivcn't seen it, but they know it's
ihcrc. . . . When the EEP. picdgcs
reached Phi bolt the old sonihcrn
hospitalin was lacking. Nobody
homc. Were they all out or all in
bcd? . . . P.A.’i‘, knoWs how to irch
tlil' plcdgrs. The Kappa Bcta plcdgcs
put up a pencil sharpener back-
wards. so the EEP. plcdgcs rc-
vcrscd the order~plus walking a
low miles alter lurniture.

Now just 2-. side glanci- iii \ihni,
lhc mcn lll'l' doing when not in lllc
sorority houses or arcnl thi-y't .
The iri-shmcn plcogcs :ii. Klilt
how it all over Llli‘ sophomore. uhcn
it comes to make—up pni'ticiihiilv
lip—:lick all over Brcphy.

Senior Banquet

’l‘bc lion no, not. ill: Lion, but
l'iltilt‘l' the mic that goes out likc a
lamb got his dulcs lniscd up, in
a rcguiur Spring ilood ihc :.i-nloi..
sloshcd down to thc Schuylrl ’llw
Scnior linnquci. wan. nicc (pin-i ion
llllllllh :.pccchc:.. Miii‘giiri-t Hickok
non lhc door prim wuh nunlmr
IiiU. <Mcinii:-.on called it numhrr
om: bchliid lhc ciglit-bulli. 'lhc
door~prizc you know am. a copy ot
llll‘ i’cd but. Was it bait ol‘ odor-d
attraction?

in closing We are ('llt'liiidllll '10!”
this is \‘cry pi'lvutc it Win. Hilcli
to us by somebody to whom 11 had
bccn givrn by somebody else, \‘illillll
:.omcb(.dy t‘ihi' lnid given it to. but
wi- nrc Willing to your-h tor ill. or-

cuinrvl a onoic: "You know noih-
Hit-1 rvcr happins to us Kli's io
pubicb lll lllt‘ pnpcrs“ . . And

bi'tolc “1- forch in. .lonc:. know.
how lo piic a pally at which ‘.l.'.:.ll'.'.
liil\f‘ llfl lllli 'l'lli- lllllf. :il't‘ litlt‘ti
om lil ltl'illilil and ;.o inc hum
biiiigrii. cookcii ti\l‘l' n czilnp llll'

Myskania Names [lg it
re Be Class Guardians

'l'bc llt'W chm. gun h . on line
ht‘t'tillti :.clni-:.lcr ll illir, “hool \i-ur
Wcl'c aniioiiiici-(t in ill‘.t'lli)l\ idol
l"l'l(lil\'

(illiil'tllltlih or lhc :.cnI in. Will be
Marlon ll.’('l(t‘lt'lii'l' nl.d lticlnird
,iloilidnlc; fn' tllc Jllliio in l'IilliibcIli
linker up: l'ldgnr 0’” on; tor lhc
soplioinoi'  l.conuri l“ilcdliimler
and .lci... Strong, ll. do: ticshmcn,
iictty iiaylord and ( irolyn Matllco.

'i'hc secretaries o. be respective
classes must notil; th' . guardians
of any class activity.

 

  

eWS

Conequ

'onal
Nah Aj/L‘u‘lfnﬂyl 1

9M patina 0”

“Shot. in Review"

That's the officer's command when
0 special in slate unit of the Col-
logo of 5!. Thomas R. O. T. C. ho-

glns its unique pond: porlonnonco.

Minneapolis Journal Photo

,5 : .

Students Hang Portrait of Jonitor

Goovgedacluon's broom-pushing clays are over, and to
onor him on his retirement as janitor oi Lovereit House
'ovvud University, resident students gave a testimonio
inner, hung on oi portrait at him in their holl. Acm-

 Flapjack

it's a diiiicult lovwaid
ilipRush Dozierispuli-
ing on iothellcltdur
ing their battle let a
place on Vanderbilt
University's wrestling
team

Wearing Thou Hm is Tichlish lusinou
Holly Becliwilt and Peggy Wolbiidsc appropriately sit on a danger sign

as they demonstrate the lengths to which a Wellesley College student

will so to hatluct attention. A
CIIIG

      
  

  
    
   
    
  
  
   
         
   
   
 
    
      
        
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
 
   
     
  
 
   
    
   
  
  
  
      
      
       
 
    
  
        
  
   
  
     
     
  
     
    
   
   
  
    
     
    
  
     
     
     
 

is 

Volume VII luuo I3

in't.

ill—
urd
out
me
.gc-

0.0.0,

    
      
       
       
     
            

rte

  
 
 
     
   
    
 
     
       
      
        
     
   

 

  

