 

 

as.-. -. Mo........»~ ...

 .

 

 

 

 

i
r
t
i.


 

" "if W..zscrmmam.z~..a.,

    

 

    

u

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 24, 1939

 

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O'Hara, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hertwig, 34889; Bllzi, 3-9538 ‘
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

REPRESENTED‘FOH NATIONAL ADVIRTIBING IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420'MAOisoN Ave. New YORK. N. Y.
Cillckﬂo ' BOSTON ' LOI ANGILI! ' SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD
JEAN STRONG ...... ..  Editor-in-C‘hie/
EDGAR B. O'HonA .. .. Go-Editor-in-Chief
ROBERT E. Hca'rwro  Managing Editor
O'r'ro J. Hows ............. .. . Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. Kowsmxv . . Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. YOUNG  . Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. BlLZl ..  Business Manager
JOAN M. BYRON  Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CASTlOLlNE ..  Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF
Charles Franklin  ......... .. Men’s Sports Editor
Betty Clark ........ .. Women’s Sports Editor
William Ryan  . Assistant Sports Editor
Joseph Bosley ........................................... .. Assistant Sports Editor

Get the Point?

Seniors remember undoubtedly the storm center
of student assemblies our freshman year: the revi-
sion of the Point System. No Nazi Bund meeting
was more consistently heckled or more ardently de-
bated, but the storm has subsided! Not only has
the committee been dormant this year; to all in-
tents and purposes, it has been non-existent.

 

    
   
   
 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

It was obvious carelessness when the present
chairman was never notified of the members of his
committee. He became automatically a head “sine
corpore,” and the work of the committee was
neglected. According to the regulations passed by
the Student assembly, the point system is to be
enforced by Student council, after violations are
reported by the committee. Since there was no
committee, no violations were reported, and no
enforcements were made. Q.E.D.

Therefore, we ask—«why a point system? Not
that we do not believe in the system! We do. We
believe that it was sincerely intended as a demo-
cratic move. However, we do believe that it should
not be retainer] as a permanent farce.

if the only accomplishment of the committee is
to come through a few hurried meetings in March,
and the results are to be a few minor offices raised
or lowered one or two points, then it is not serving us
in good stead. However, we are optimistic enough to
believe that all is not lost. The need for the sys-
tem is still vital, and certainly the work of the com-
mittee could regain its former prestige.

Bread or Wine

"Bread and Wine” was the title of Dartmouth’s
prize-winning college editorial of the month and it
was so pertinent to State college that the need for
comment is obvious. The “bread” element, accord—
ing to our Dartmouth friends, is that faction which
concentrates almost entirely on practical courses
that will directly did them in pursuing some voca-
tion; the “wine” clcmcnt concentrates upon social
activities and ‘arts’ courses. Of course, a student’s

 

 

goal is the goldml mum between those two, and ‘

where is the prolih-m of achieving this goal more
crucial?

State college is, in itself, an attempt to harmon-
izc thcsc apparent extremes. We are a professional
Stilltml with a liberal arts college. This very cou-
tradiction n'lakcs planning our courses a. real and
difficult problem; should we choose professional
courses or so-callcd “cultural” courses?

We like to interpret this problem in a broader
light to apply to later life.

If we are to be happy and prosperous, our de-
cisions today concerning our background are most
important. The compromise we make today will
largely determine the sort of person we will be

- tomorrow.

“llrcad is the ‘staff of life’,” yet “man cannot
live by bread alone." Where is the fincndrawn line?

. tanism or stifled by idealism.

 

 

Administration Assignments

 

- Commentstater

We were bull sessioning it the other eve, and from
that gab fest there came a good idea, We think. Why,
when the entering freshmen come here to be inter-
viewed, doesn’t a committee of two or three seniors
and Juniors take them to lunch in the “Boul” or
cafeteria, and let; this committee report on their reac-
tions, Just as the faculty committees do? By this
means any complete social misﬁts could be barred
more certainly than they might be by the faculty
committees, which, of necessity, must have a bit of a
barrier between themselves and the newcomer.

A student committee would also be of invaluable
aid to the junior guide system, because these students
would have definite facts to work with, and they
Would not need to spend the ﬁrst few days finding
out the interests of the frosh. '

Of course, the problem that arises is how to pick
such a student group, that would not have as primary
interests those of a fraternity or sorority. Frankly,
that nearly stumps us, but We believe that, by care-
ful choice, insuring fair representation and balance,
the Dean of Students' office could accomplish this
task.

And, even if at times this organization spirit does
overcome the committee, We still believe that the
students are able to weed out the chaﬂ’, and the
student body would be correspondingly improved. To
be sure, in a few cases the student committee's opin-
ion might differ- widely from that of the faculty com-
mittee, but. in such a case we believe that the ad-
ministration should decide.

.u s In t
Commentstater:

It is with a pertinan objective in view that I ask
you to devote some, of your column this week to one
student's appraisal of the activities of the Student
Christian association this year. I would like you to
urge the men of State college to make and pay their
pledges promptly, to support the organization which,
Without doubt, is the most universally beneﬁcial to
State college today.

Last Sunday I heard the S.C.A. choir at the All—
State service at the First Presbyterian church. It was
a credit to the college. I share this opinion with
many. The degree of accomplishment exempliﬁed by
the choir is characteristic of S.C.A.‘s service to the
college, service offered to every student in State.

S.C.A. is not an organization regimented in Puri-
It is practical in its
program of social education and recreation.

Sincerely,
A STUDENT.

 

The Playgoer

 

Well, well. and well! After a stormy renewal of
the school year, what with the hustle and exams, and
setting the new semester in order. the plays of last
week were a rather welcome surprise. Probably the
most technically perfect we have had, they showed
conclusively that a little thought given to staging
will not be lnopportune.

Miss Arndt‘s play. the first, evoked as much appre-
ciative comment as We have heard on an Advanced
Dramatics production. Particularly were the plaudits
directed at the excellence of the stage picture. It
had a sort of tableau-lu-color effect that was cm-
phasizcd by the immobility of the two actresses,
(though one did nmnagc to flutter a fun——-which was
caught by these observant cycsll.

Speaking of the characters, we can say they were
ably dons. Miss Sullivan and Miss Donnelly proved
apt foils for each other.

The second play gnVe us one of the finest char-
acterizations that has come from the class this your.
Miss Emery is to be congratulated for her foresight
in (rusting Mr. Bogostd. He played Nut to the hill-—
in fact, for the duration of the play, he ll‘tlh‘ Nut. We
should like to see much more of those people who

make llnr- impressions in their ouly-too-seldom up- '

pearuuccs. But we realize, too, that it is. again, only-
too—scldom that un actor ;cts a part which is fairly
tailor-made to his talents. This was such a role.
Suffice it. to say, Mr. Bogostu did not. lot it. pass un-
played.

Miss DcCotls, Willie not up to her usual stuudurd.
did, however, provide line support. The Mossrs. Wells
and Melanson both showul up Well, the former guin-
ing the advantages of a ‘mcutlcr' part. The ghost
scene was well—handled us far as action goes, but we
wonder if it might how: been less obtrusive, if the
lights had been merely dimmed, instead of being
changed.

Both directresscs ure to be tapped lightly on the
back as a sort of symbolic compliment for two finely—
produced and thoroughly acceptable plays.

They may not have been the best We have had-—
but by far. they have been very nearly the most
popular with our audiences.

COMMUNICATIONS

Dear Editor:

 

democratic procedure which prevails

ment. There are few colleges which
can boast of the free, student-con-
trolled assemblies that We have; few
have as democratic election proce-
dure as We do. However. the non-
secret ballot still remains a practice
which can nullify all of the demo-
cratic safeguards which our consti-
tution provides for. The secret
ballot has been established by long
practice as a necessary part of any
democratic system. Everyone, I
think, agrees that a secret ballot
is beneficial and necessary — the
major problem has been to ﬁnd a
system which will be really secret
and which will get out as many
voters as our present system does,
Without danger of fraud and vote
stealing.

There are several methods by
which this can be achieved, none
of which can fully be discussed here.
Probably the best method would be
by voting machines which could
probably be rented from the city of
Albany. If this is impossible, a
system whereby each voter signs his
,name before receiving his ballot in
la procedure similar to registration
for state and national elections
[would be used. Myskania would
:act as an election board and provide
for a distinctive seal or stamp for
each ballot, so that they could not
be copied. There are many other
rsystcms which would undoubtedly
{work as well.

Most ct‘ us are a little embarrassed
‘at. the sight of Myskania carrying
'wasto baskets around in which to
collect ballots. Certainly this is not
in ﬁt task for the members of the
senior honorary society. Many of
us remember too, how in last year’s
balloting for N.S.F.A. delegates, the
ballots which were gathered in a
‘couplc of waste baskets were do-
:stroycd by janitors who thought they
;were so much trash. Myskania has
already appointed a committee to
consider means of establishing a
secret ballot in our election. At a
ltlmc when democracy is in retreat
throughout the world, We in State
college must ,do our bit to gain
,victories for it.

Sincerely.
llASKELL ROSENBERG, '40

 

 

 

State
of
Affai rs

_____ on. w.

 

Shades of propaganda! We
thought Wc'd get most anything
lfrom a comic strip, cxcopt a column.
iNow we’ve got that. It just goes
to show you.

Anyhow. we were reading the
comics last week, when we ran into
Little Orphan Annie, a pupil such
as those about whom practice
teachers dream.

, She cxtols the virtues of reading
lmol'u than one author, in order to
compare viewpoints. She cites the
dangers of reading just one author
land letting your mind be fixed on
{his ideas. She even criticizes the
ftrcnd toward debunking the heroes
|of our country. And all this in u
lcomlc strip.

The moral, my children: Just
lumginc—-—wu have been told to pro-
;tcct our radio, screen. and
iugoilclcs of public opinion from in-
sidious influences imagine what
,will happen. if they get hold of
[America‘s funnies! This time, the

(purpose was of a beneficial hutllrow'

an attempt to inform.
Limo. it mlghlu't be!

And, speaking of Amurlr-unism. \vu
.woudrr just Wllul would have Imp—
])t‘ill‘(l. if u group, :‘wm'u in fcully
to another gowrnmcnt, tried to hold
a mlth incl-ling in (icrnmny. Yul
,Ihr- run-ruse was true in the United
States this week, with no more din»
iul‘lmncc. mind you, than an occu-
slohul scuffle. May We be ever so
lltcrul in our interpretation of free
speech.

Some other

0‘ d I.

And add new books of the week . ..
G. E. R. chyc's Betrayal in (L‘onlrdl
Euro/lo is u crackling, sizzling pic-
ture of the crisis, with no punches
pulled. Hanson Baldwin's Admiral
Death tells of the great sea dis-
asters. from the horrors of the
“Medusa.” to the pathos of the
“Titanic.”

 

 

We have long been proud of the,

in our Student association govern--

other i

 

Kampus

Kapers

 

 

 

Campus activities have been our-
tailed somewhat this past week by
an epidemic of colds. Junior Week-
end Was perhaps too big a success.
However much We regret the ab-
sence of so many friends, we do ap-
preciate their public-mindedness in
conﬁning themselves and their
germs.

The rumors we hear of an All-
state Tea Dance sound intriguing.
It seems to have been reduced from
a vague supposition to an actual-
ity. The grand old seniors are be-
hind lt, and, if for no other reason,
the plan should be supported be-
cause they dre the grand old seniors.
But the idea is good enough on its
merit to warrant interest. This is
the third year an informal all-State
dance has been sponsored by one
of the classes. The first No were
successful, and the third should be
equally so.

College Debates

We hear that more and more col-
lege debating groups are no longer
"debating." As our ACP corres-
pondence puts it. it’s like the old
.saw about the swimming team that
gave up swimming, because they
discovered boats.

The old cut-and-dried system of
affirmative and negative speaking is
giving way to a freer, more in-
formal discussion. Information from
our Debate council seems to show
the trend here. what with a goodly
majority of this year’s debates
‘chcduled in this manner—discus
:sions, round tables and the like.

There‘s one difference we noted. A
,latc issue of the Northwestern Purple
IHin‘ol derides the small number of
students who make up the average
,debate audience. When We compared
‘fig’ures, State. speaking in ratio, has
even less interest of which to be
proud. It's just a little something
to consider.

Another week of hazing is past.
Pretty soon State can claim com—
‘petition with Vogue and E‘sqllh'r'.
ITllc K.D.R. pledges sported formal
wear for the (lay-tiltic~-\\'c wrmdm'
did they find the stiff shirts in-
convenicnt.? The up-do hair-do is
definitely out, and We find that hair

 

is coming down. Some wear it

pluitcd with little ribbons, while

others prefer big bows.
Shakespeare

The Shakespeare classes are go-
ing to New York. Maurice Evans.
us Falstaff in Henry IV. is the ob-
ject. From the publicity he has
received, his interpretation of the
,famous part, his make-up, and the
excellent supporting cast are reasons
enough to undertake going the dis-
tance to New York to see. Such a
project, which is open not only to
the Shakespeare class but any stu-
dent interested. seems particularly
commendable.

There is quite an ambitious pro-
gram undrrway for the first few
broadcasts of the State college radlo
{half-hour. A lot. of the time and
effort and talent is being put in
the venture by members of the fac—
ulty and students. The first broad-
cast will be a history of State
college. (Gordon Band will assume
the role of President Bl'lllJllCllt‘l‘ll
Alice in l'l’nlulf’l'llt‘lltl is being pro-
;pl'cparcd for the second broadcast.

i l’nintclligible Department

‘ Yo laid, very perplexed, rootsle
the following ode, last week, and uny
information leading to an um'uvcl-
ling of the mystery surroiuuliug it,
|would be welcomed.

(Ft’l). iii, '39)

 

Door Ii‘ol'l y-Onvl':
To escape from omburrassmcul. later
Wlwn you would lo. i know you

would guess
Who mutt all those tlnscll,’ lu'ul't-
throhs,
I‘m making my bid through the
press.

,h‘o here. 111 a short, four—lino packet,

} linribhoncd (symbolic) in blue,

-'I‘ukc. ludy, my love, if you'll how: it,

Post, I Future, and Prusenh-for
you

11' Ill split! of the heat of this paper
Your iovnblc heart never melts,
Don't waste it. my lady, my darling,
Pass it on please, to somebody
clsel
We don't get itl
As a parting reminder —— don't
make any date for February 29th
or 30th.

 

  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
   
  
      
  
 
  
 
    
    
  
   
     
   
     
    
    
 
  
  
     
  
   
   
   

   
   
    
 
 
  
 

      

 
    
 
    
   
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
     
   
       
   
 
   
   
  
  

  

,.1--“ w
r » '....

Straw Fighting Woo the Most Popular Sport
. . . when the Bots llioto Pin at tho Ulnar it at Iowa dmud their

ouso up u o barnyard and stogod on o u lonod land dance. For
additional pictures too page 7. '

.\ Im-

Pcrieci Hall Gaynor

 
     

i .

 
     
     

 

. i 1 tv. . This Rod: is 900 Million Your: Old
14"."..0" c._.d s." co"... 5' "Eu," . Dr. Carol L. Fenian, Harvard University goolo y prolouor, '

molte- o stud ole ioni boulder am the i o o o i .
Luc Nlolson, University ol Chicago freshman, entered grammar school at 5, lot Roclrolollor Coasts?! latest oddltlzb aim" oils . u" M.
are uotocl at 10 and My! Mali school was a ma . An accomplished violinist ,  . v. .
and pianist, alto mode in! debut oi Chicago's diclmtu Hall last you. She's ‘ "5'
loldng o pro-medical coum, studies only two been a day.

         
   

 
     

lnlernohanai. ‘

        

  
  
 
 

    
 

international 

           
    

  

  

