 

 

 

l'
l
\

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

  
 
 
  

 

Page 4 ' STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 10, 1939
V I
' for the Week Advanced Dramatic.
’ . er Bella Dodd Calendar .
Open Annual Contest  Members to vote Brubach ,d D. 8 ion The Sm“ COLLEGE NW8, m To Gwe one-Act Play.
For Lovenheim Prize . . . To Con not new 9 keeping with student “woman on Tuesaay evenmg’ Maren m,
on New Constitution Dr. A. R. Brubacher, president of policies, issues this wee y Ad med Dramatics Glass wm pre-
compemion for the Lovenheim ————-————- the college will speak over Station calendar for the beneﬁt of the va
iz at $2500 Offered by Jerome ’ ft from b d sent two one-act plays. The plays
Dr 9 11 student and Religion Group WGY on Thursday a ernon student 0 y, t t 8.15 o'dmk m Page
Lovenheim Of Amsmrdam Emma y To Hear Talk by LBW“ 4:00 to 4:30 ‘o’clock. He will discuss Mar. 10 Senior_freshmen de_ will star a ,
for excellence in English composition various viewpoints regarding the bate in assembly. hall aucmormm.
‘8 Open' on Tuesday at 3‘30 °"’1°°‘”“ “‘9 teaching of history with Bella Dodd, 10 Women,s folk fes_ The ﬁrst my Wm be a my
The rules governing the contest Lounge of Richardsointliiall Hill? 8::- representing the New York Teachers “val funny Hungaﬂz? ﬁmedgm All“:
are: Christian assoca on w c - _ . Weiss) ’40, is rec ng S pa '
1' The prize wm be given for the  a general meeting to discuss Uigiinthe same afternoon the third 10 ﬁarsjitlboriiebate With The cast will include Louis Fink.
best essay submitted by an under- the revision of the constitution. in a series of radio présentwons Q » lam niamh With ’40. Hyman Meltz' ’41, J‘ack Nor-
zraduate. A11 members are urged to be pres- direct from room 207 and broadcast 10 c :55 t d den, ,39’ Joseph Wells, 39’ Louis
2. Plays and stories will not be em; and are requested to read the over station WOKO Wm bring three Sc, elnec a yr,”t 'anceno' ’40, Thomas {nigusune'
considered. revised constitution on the SCA bul- members of our faculty m the 50cm 11 FIGS ,men p y. 42' and Jack Gardephe’ 4 .
3' The manuscript Shomd be from mm board. If there are anti pubis Studies department together for 9‘ Mm“ 14 5'0"“ general meet' The second play of the evening is
1,500 to 5,000 words in length. of the revision they wish c ange , round table dwussion on democracy mg. enveloped m a smoua of mystery.
4 The manuscript should be they are to present these chaages The program 10, being dedicated to 14 Special meeting of Abouc the only thing that is known
“added m M M more May 1' 1939' in written form at the me ng' Andrew Jackson. whose birthday will Forum of Politics. about the play is that it is Peing
Each manuscript should be signed There Will be a table in “mg 0f “33 be celebrated on Wednesday. It is 14 Advanced dramatics directed by William Bogosta, 39.
With a ﬂcmious name' and 3000"“ SCA bulletin board weanes ay fete expected that folk music, character- plays
panied by an envelope in which are Thursday Where members can ism of the period of Jacksoman Mar. 15 Lutheran club meet-
given the title of the essay, the on the regisiltm. d R “gm commis Deﬁocgalcly, rm bf] ingudedi mthe mg.
W nan e ‘ T oown Wl aepar ‘
gipttittligugrtlgge, and the actual name signals“ coilduct anotheng groppkdiis- (115011351011:  Adam A_ Walgeré 15 3:112:21 b u r y clu b o ,
ion Thumday at 3: 0’9 00' n )l'ofessor of economics, Dr. Ro er ' ' ' _
orgiigﬁlgalogretdgguvgi. be given for gllzsLounge of Richardson hall. Nllr. ﬁlenow’ Instructor in social studies, Man 16 gﬁdnrggégggcom
6. The manuscripts will be Judged B. Palmer Lewis. chairman of he and Mr. Wallace Taylor, supervisor] 16 Radio program.

by a committee of three.

'1. Dr. H. W. Hastings, professor of
English will be glad to answer any
questions concerning the competi-
tion, if the abOVe statements seem
incomplete or unclear.

Kappa Beta to Conduct
Second Annual Dinner

Tonight, at 6:00 o’clock, Kappa
Beta will conduct its second annual
informal dinner at Keeler’s res-
taurant, 65 State street. Haskell
Rosenberg. '40, is general chairman.

The faculty guest will be Dean
Nelson, Faculty advisors who will
attend are: Dr. Clausen, Dr. Dor-
waldt, Mr. Clark. and Mr. Hatfield.

 

 

  

Committee on Publications of New
York state. will addre5s the group on
the Christian Science religion. Both
students and faculty are invited.
Next Tuesday, March 21, SCA will
sponsor a revival of the faculty-
student stunt night. There will be
twenty-five faculty members and
several students taking part'in the
program. Jane Wilson, ’40, is gen-
eral chairman with Gordon Rand
and Pearl Sandberg, seniors, and
Gordan Peattie, '40, assisting her.
Yesterday afternoon, Student and
Religion commission sponsored a

of social studies.

__._._._-,____.——_ .

 

Geo. D. Jconcy, Prop

Dlnl 5-1913

Boulevard Cafeteria

0.99

Albany’s M 031 Complete

and Progressive

and Grill

Department Store

Since 1859

 

discussion in which Bishop More-
land spoke of “Tenets of Catholic—

 

Copyll'ghl 1939, LIGGB'I'I’ Al Mrulls Tomlcoo Co.

ism and Interpretation of Ritualis-
tic Worship."

 
 
 

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

I 198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

tbat Satislics with a Capital S

Radio City’s world-famous “Rockettes” and CHESTERFIELDS

. . . two can ’t-be-copz'ed combinations

There’s skill and precision in
the way the Rockettes dance and
there’s skill and precision in the way
the mild ripe Chesterﬁeld tobaccos
are blended and proportioned to
bring out the best in each.

That’s why Chesterﬁelds are milder
and taste better . . . that’s why they’ll
give you more pleasure than any ciga-
rette you ever smoked.

    
   
   
   
     

 
  
   

...a HAPPY COMBINATION of the
world’s best cigarette tobaccos

   

   

 

 

 

 

l
l
,-
l
.

 

    
  
   
  
  

   

 

 

 

 

 

Milli"; CC’

   
  
 

Lhﬂgiu‘n‘si 7.

LLEGE F0?! TEACH
Abbi-ANY. H. To /  ‘

State College News

 

 

Z-443

S'l‘A'l‘r. COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, MAllcu i7, l939

Albany Federal Orchestra
Will Play Before Assembly

 

Music and Student Councils
Sponsor Third Program
of Concert Music

WINDINGSTAD DIRECTS

Dr. Brubacher to Announce
Remaining Six Percent
of Signum Laudis

 

Under the baton of Mr. Ole Wind- .

ingstad, the Albany Federal orches—
tra of the Federal Music project of
the Works Progress administration
will present a varied concert pro—
gram in this morning’s assembly,
according to the announcement by
John Edge, president of the Student
association.

Upptlclassmcn will recall the ex-
cellent program of classical selec-
tions which the forty-three piece or-
chestra presented in assembly last
year. The program was so well
received that Newman club spon—
sored another appearance of the or-
chestral group in the early part of
this school year. The warm enthusi-
asm which State college students
have always shown this orchestra
prompted Student. council and Mll-
sic council to obtain its services
for today. Tile orchestra is brought
to State college through the cooper-
ation of Mr. Edward Hinklcman.
state director of the Federal Music
project.

This morning's program will in-
clude the following selections:
Overture to “Rienzi”  Wagner
Peer Gynt Suite No. 2 .......... .. Grieg

Abduction of the Bride

Pccr Gyni's Home Coming

Arabian Dancc

Solvcjg‘s Selig
Blue Dulllibc Waltz .............. .. Strauss
March Slave ............  TschuikOWsky

The orchestra has gained wldc
reputation for its rendition of fli-
voritc works over the local radio
nciworks and by numerous appear—
liiicos bcforc schools and organiza-
tions ill the capital district. Today‘s
assembly will mark their third ap-
[)i‘ill'llllCO in Page hall.

The music project was estab—
lished by tho Works Progress admin-
lsil'lllion lo illlOl‘d un opportunity
to musicians and music lovers ill
this ill'f‘ll to olljoy conccrl scloctions.

During llio assembly hour D1:
Abrulli R. Brubuclicl‘, pl'osldolll,, will
pl'osoiil lilo list. of lilo l'clliuiiiiug
llll'll‘llﬂ'l’s oi' Siglluiii Llludis. scholas-
llc llliliUl' }.()('ll‘l_\', ’l‘oli pol'colli of
lilo soliloi' ('lllSS is oloololl Lo Slgllulll
lullld'ls oyol'y your. Ill ilio full. {0111'
pol'oonl wol'o solcclcd, 'l‘lio Hl‘lllm‘s
uliliolliiood ul. llllll. limo \Vl'l‘l' Phyllis
Al'iiolll, lilllmllli‘lll Al'illlll‘. lilllll But—
ll'l', .lulio Ci'llwl'ol'll. l‘l(lllll Duvis,
(‘Ilul'loilo Fox, Aill'oll lllllliwl'll, llot-
l_\‘ llilyl'ol'll, Rlolilll'll l.(lll.\(lllli‘,
liol'ollly Il.’lllol_.ouli. .Jullo Schultz.
ulid ill-loll Kollizlll.

'l‘llo i'olllllilllllg ‘.l\ pol'oolll \l'ill bo
:llllloullood by lilo pl'ohillolll lodily.
Mini; llololl II. Mol'olulld. lloull ol
hillliolllh. will lilhl) illllllllllll'l‘ llio oi'--
lll‘i‘l'h l()l' ll'l‘filllllllll olllllp lill' lll-xl
)l'ul‘.

Glossary by Dr. South
To Enter Book Market

(M lllll‘l'l'hl lo Hilllo l'ollogo slu-
(ll'lll‘ in [No llllllllllllll‘llll‘lll llllll llio
l’:._\l-llololllo:ll (‘lll'lllll‘llllllll oi Now
Ylli‘li oll,\ llilh llllllllhlll‘d ll book by
ollo of Ho Hlillo l'ollogo l'llollliy. l)l'.
l‘illl'l Ii. Holllli, :ln:.l:.lillll pl'olohsol‘
ol‘ odllolllloll.

'I'Ilo book is i'lllllll'll "A llil'lloiuli‘y
oi 'l‘l-l'lllh lli b’li'ilf-lll'l'llll‘lll ulid
iillilllllioo.“ llllll ii. lilo Ill‘hl llllll olin
glosslll'y oi‘ lol'llls lll lilo ill-ids oi
liiousul'olllolll. stilllslioh, llll(l guid—
lllioo. ll oolllullis ovol' lillll ol' lilo
lii‘ﬁl. llllli lllosl l'l'oqllolil doillllliolls
oolllpllod ll'Ulll yours oi‘ oxpol'lolloo
ulid l‘l'olll liii'oo yours of ouroi'lll
sollolul'slllp, To quote from lilo
nlil'iollliooliiciil “it (tho li()(ll(l fills
ll long-loll llood by l‘i‘ﬁl‘ill'l'll \vol'kors,
oilllioilllls, psychologists. ulid odllou—
lol'h'.”

 

Guild to Present
Everyday Science
Next_T_hursday

 

Swingsters To Select

Typical Soiree Couple

Shades of originality! The gay
young sophs, bubbling over with
vim, vigor and versatility what
with Soiree coming closer and
closer have decided to make their
dance truly different. They are
about to institute something new
in State's social swirl; namely,
the choice by a non-partisan, un-
biased committee of the typical
Soiree couple.

At a stated time during the
course of the evening. each boy
and girl is to dance with the per—
son “wllat bl'ung ’em." While they
are thus engaged, pleasantly
dancing to the strains of Isham
Jones' orchestra (plugi), the
leader of the band plus the male
and female vocalist will pass
among the crowd and choose that
couple most typical of Soiree.
Whether they will place their
judgment on looks, dress, or jit-
terbug‘ ability is uncertain, but it
is evident that the decision will
be free from politics.

The couple does not necessarily
have to be members of the class
of ’41 but can be any of the par-
ticipants of the ball. Who knows?
It may be you.

Life About

 

|
Panel Discussion on Weather
and Talk by Dr. Power
to Be Highlights

Thursday afternoon, 4:00 to 4:30 ‘-
o’clock.
Guild will present the third in the
series of -radlo programs being
broadcast from room 207 of Draper
hall. This program will put the
emphasis on science, with faculty
~lllembcl's from the science depart—
lllcllis of State college participating.

For the ﬁrst ten minutes of the
program. Dr. Carleton Power, pro-
fessor of science, will read a paper
on "The Science of the Dishpan."
To translate, the purpose of the
paper will be to present to the radio
audience scientific reasoning for cer-
tain phases of the household art of
dishwashing,
soaps, cleansers. etc.

ditions. Miss Lillian
assistant instructor in general sci-
ence, Dr. Ralph G, Clauscn, assis—
William H. Gilbert, assistant in—
spcakcrs, Miss Blomstl‘om will rep-
resent the astronomical aspect of

 

 

the topic; Dl‘. Clauscn. the biological

 

Freshman Commission
To Give Musical Tea

leJ. Professor Will Speak
to Marriage Commission

Freshman commission will spon-
sor an All—College musical tca Wed—
nesday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:00
o'clock in the Lounge 01' Richardson
hull. It will be the commission’s
.oulsinnding presentation of the year.
The program will feature classical
and popular songs and dances. Alice
Packci', '42, is general chairman. and
Kathcl'lno Poiol'soli. ’42, heads the
publicity coiiimilioc, Tlic ciliirc
student body is invited to be the
gucsls of Fi'osliiiiuli commission at
tho icll.

Mul‘i‘iugc commission's next incot~
big on Monday ul 3:30 o’clock in the
lJOllllgC of Richardson ball will fou—
[1111‘ on uddl'ch‘s by Pl'oi'ossor A, W.
13l'uy. bond of llio biology (lf‘llill‘l—
lilolll ol' RPI Proi'ossol‘ “my will
spouk on "’I‘llo Psyollologioul Ad—
jllhllliollls lll Mul‘riugo."

"l‘lr. lilo sumo ooulill'y, lilo slllllo
ooilllll‘y, lllld yol 'liH iiko ullolilol'
\vol'lll-illodiovlil Splllli, 'l‘llul is llio
wuy Hi. Augllhlillo, olllosl. oily lll
lilo Uililod Sllllos. soollo oi' lllioiolil
Hpuiilill :ll'l'lllll‘l'llll'l‘. ililpl'ohhod llll',

lll llllii pil-lui'omllo ulid ([llilllll
oily lll'o lllllllil llluliy illliloils lllllll~
llllll‘lih, lilo olin oi llll‘ll‘ kind in
lilo Ullllod Sillll‘h. l"lll' lll'l‘l' is
lilo l“llllllllllll oi Yolllll, i'll':-l llillllv
llll.', pilloo ol' I’lllll'o (lo l.ooll ill
l“llll'lilll} l"lll‘l Mlll‘ioll. origintu lilo
ousllo of Sun Mlll'oos, us lllodlol’lll
ll l'ol'lll'll'lllioll us oull bo iolllid iii
lill_\' hl‘l'llllll ol‘ llio World; llio lii—
lllllll blll'llll grounds ol
gl'lll-holiio ll spol-ltlolo 11:; any oi your
\l'lli'h'l Iilgllllllul'os, llio oldohl soliool~
llllllhl' in our oolilill'y: lllo llill‘l'UWI‘Sl
hll‘l-ol; lilo lllohl spoolllollllll' liolol.
bllill llko il Spilllisli ousllc 7 llliy
lllllllbol' oi' llllol‘oslillg sights.

lllll lol illo giVo you ll bil‘ds-cyo
vlow of ii low of tho mosl important,
’l‘lio Fountain of Youth is not
l'l’llllj’ ll font but it Well. It is silli-
lllod ili ll gl'ollo on the right of
which is ll bclluill'lll rock gill'dcll of

 

ll'opiolll i‘lowm's ovcr ll stone cross.

Traditi  Augustine
Portrays ‘Bit of Old War]

by Alioo Mil-love, \°2

h‘ollly, llh‘

angle; and Dr, Gilbert. the sociol-
.ogicei_ viewpoint.

The panel discussion will attempt
to answer, among other things, the
questions or the importance of
weather, the causes of weather, and
the relation of the sun to weather.
Such a panel discussion with its
topic of WCiILlli‘l‘ and climate will
be quite upl‘OIJOs since the vernal
equinox, when the day and night are
of equal length all ovor the world
us the sun passes from south to
north, will lllllc place on Tuesday,
March 21. only two days previous
to lilo day on which the radio pro-
gram will be presented. That sci-
cnliﬁc pilononcmon which heralds
the arrival of spring will serve as a
basis and starting point for the
spoilkol's lll their discussion.

The unnoulicol' for this radio pro-
mom will bo the regular WOKO
sllllioil uiilioullccr instoad of a stu-
dolil ulllil'lulicol'. The program will
'go (lll'l‘l"ll_\' from lilo reading of Dr.
iPolvor‘s pulli‘l' to the pilliol discus-
‘Slllll.

A:. yol no formal slzllolilollt 'illl
bo llilldo us lo how lilo Sillio collogc
radio ill'lllll‘llllls ill-c boiiig l'oooivod.
bill l'llllllil‘s ulid coliiliiolils soom to
lillllolllo u lllUl'l' lllllll i'uvol'zlblo l‘o—
.oopllllll.

 

'l‘llo cross was lllyod by do l.ooil,
llllllhl‘ll, :lllll l'llllllllllh llilol-ll slollos
i'lliiiillll: llolll l'lihl lo \\'l'.‘il ulid Lliir—
lol-li ll'lllll iiorlil lo solilli. 'l‘lils
ill-iii lolllblliillloll sigliiiloh’ lilo your
in \\'lil('ll do i.ooll sol i'ool lipoll lllis
woodod loi'l'llol'y.

l“i'olll lllls illli-.iiod ulid l'l‘\’l'i'l‘(l ill-
lliilhlilll‘i'l‘, wo'll \'lhll illl ovoli lllol'o
‘»lll'll[ .-,pol lilo llldlilll blll'lul
l’,l'l)llll(l.‘$ Jllhl l'ooolllly dihom’ol'od
lillll oxolll'ulod. Al your iool lli'o
lllo l.)(illl‘.‘. ulid hkl‘li'lllll Illl'lllb oi‘
‘illllllll olio-lilllidl'od llllililllh, bul'iod
‘lllllll‘l' (‘lll'lhllilll llillllolloo. ('llllhl'l'Vl‘d
jllhl ilh llioy wol'o illyod lo l'osl.
long, long :lgo.

’I‘lll- old iol'i \l‘llll'll llllh’ stood for
,llilllosi llil'oo liliillil'oli yoill's ulid lills
llowll llll'oo l'lllgh? Spanish, Eligllsll
,ulid Alliol'lollll- is luildo 01' ll CU"
mom of ol'usllod rocks ulid
llllloil i'l'om lilo ocouli, u lllixtul‘o
which grow border with llgc. IIow—
ovoi', lllis stalwart fort which took
0-1 yours to colllplotc ulid lllls ro-
sislod ovoi'y ultllck thus for would
gulidollbicdly be sent back to l‘CSl. ill
lls ocoull bod if over one of tile
(loudly lliodcl'll bombs should strike
ll.

 

 

the State College Radio

GENERAL CHAIRMAN

  
   
  
  

 in Page hall,

. This

with a discussion of '

The remaining twenty minutes will i
be given over to a panel discus—
sion on weather and climatic con-
Blomstrom,

sil'uctor ill government, will be the

sliclls ,

Jane Sherwood Wilson, ’40, who

tant professor of science, and Dr. is general chairman for the “Spring-

dingus."

St. Patrick’s Dance

Event to Take Place Tonight;
Astoria Orchestra to Play

 

 

Tonight in the Commons of Haw-
ley hall. from 8:30 to 12:00 o'clock,
Newman club will conduct its an-
nual St. Patrick's Day dance. Della
Dolan, ’39, general chairman of the
event, expects “all lrlle harps and
their colleens to be there and to
celebrate the night ill true fashion."
The Astoria club orchestra will
furnish the music for the evening.
Tickets ill'C now on sale iii front of
the club's bulletin board for thirty-
ﬁve conis apiece. Students may ai-
Lciid with or \Villiout dates.

The collimiiioo cliall'mcn are as
follows: invitations, Mary Gabriel,
‘40; music, Betty Baker, '39; dcco-
l'ull'ons, Frederick Day. '41; tickets,
Mary Arndl.. ‘40; and publicity, Paul
Gl'llilull, '41.

Faculty guests for tile dulicc lil-
cludc: Dr. Abl‘lllll R. Bl'llbiiCllCl‘,
pl'osldclit. ulid Mrs. Bl'ubllcllcl'; Dl‘.
Milton G. Nolson, douli, ulid Mrs.
Nolsoli; Miss Hololi I'I. Mol‘ollllld,
doilli ol' sludollls; Dr. Robcl‘t W.
lli'l'l‘lll‘l‘llili, pl'ol‘ossor of cdllcillloli,
llill(l Mrs. 1"l‘i'fli‘l’lck; Dl'. *l‘lioliius
Klilbl‘ll'd. lllsll'uclol' ulid sllpoi‘vlsol' lll
,Clllllllll'l‘l'i', ulid Mrs. Kliisollll; ulid

 

‘Appol’lililiolll blu'ouu, ulid Mrs. Bul—
:Ei'l'.

|
Trench Club Plans

For Annual Banquet

‘ ’l‘llo l"l'l‘lll'll olllb will conduct u
‘blllllplol lloxl 'I‘llosdlly ovollilig.
Mull-ll Bil, ill l’llllollll'h l"l'('ll('ll ulid
llllliull l'i‘hllllll'lllll. ll is oxpocloli
‘by Mlll'll' l’oolz. 'Zlil. pl'osidclil, llllll
,lllis blllluuol is bill lilo first of ll
soi‘los llllll will bo
‘llilllllly.

' 'l‘lio oollllllllloo ill olilll'go oi ur—
l'illlgollloills follows: llllollllol‘ Mo—
(ii'oovy lllili (‘Iill'u liilldwili. scliioi's,
Bl'llll‘ll‘l' Mlll'usllilisky, Mul‘lu Tripp,
ulid (llill'olloo Olson, sopliolllol'os.
ulid lioliy Kll()\\'ll.(lll, '42.

()ll Woliliosduy (‘\'('illllg, lilo Clus-
sl’olll club \l'lll lili‘l‘l. ill 7:30 o'clock
Ill ilio Loluigo of Richardson ball.
A plily ill Illlllll will bo pl‘cscllicd
'lllldol‘ lilo direction of Giant Bulli—
will, ‘30. assisted by her comiliitioo.
A social hour will follow the business
llicctiug lllld l'efl'osllllicllls will be

 

 

VOL. XXIII, N0. 19

‘I‘Springdingus’ WiIlDepict

State College

S.C.A. Will Present Program
Tuesday in Page Hall
at 8:00 o’Clock

WILSON IS DIRECTOR

 

, Coronation of Faculty Queen

to Climax Festivities
of Novel Evening

On Tuesday night at 8:00 o'clock
State students will
have the opportunity to witness
something new in entertainment

. known as the ‘Springdingus’ at an

admission price of twenty-fiVe cents.
program of faculty-student
night was suggested by Miss Helen
Hall Moreland, dean of students,

, and effected by the Student Chris-

tian association.

The committee led by Jane Wilson,
'40, and consisting of Pearl Sand-
berg and Gordon Rand. seniors, and

,; Gordon Pcattie, ’40, has planned a

varied program of life about State.
The program will be open with a
skit entitled “Ncwzapoppin.” con-
ceived, directed and produced by
members of the board and staff of
the STATE COLLEGE NEWS. The pur-
pose of the skit is to introduce the
three sketches that make up the rest
of the program, According to Vic-
toria Bilzi, ’39, business manager of
the Naws, “The set is laid in the
activities office, and what will take
place there on a busy night is
unpredictable." Tile cast will in—
clude Joan Byron. Billie Castigline,
Robert Hcrtwig, Edgar O'Hora. and
Jean Strong, seniors; Otto J. Howe,
Leonard Kowalsky, and Sally Young,
juniors; all members of the Ncws
‘board. ulid all members of the
{staff
1 The act which follows will be a
llakcofl on “Ten Nights in a Bar—
il'OOIll” created by Penttle. This
;|)l'OllllS€S to be particularly good,
ospccially the scene in which Joe
Boslcy, ’39. as tho di'unk‘s daugh-
ici‘. Mary. sings "My Heart Belongs
lo Daddy." Other members of the
icust of this epic are Jack Murphy,
lpoi-iraylng the Drunk; Neil Fogarty
as the bartender, Denis Pepcr and
Charlie Shafcl'. all seniors, Louis
Fink, '40, and Louis Greenspan, '41.
Tile iliii'd scene entitled "Foley's
Dream" has been written and di-
l'octcd by Rand. ll Lypillcs in a
very satirical manner the proc-
lico teacher's l‘ClilllOllSlllI) with the
supervisors. Poloi' Hill‘l, '39, will be
‘lllo pl'uclico l,C‘il(‘l'lCl‘ ovcl'lordod by
lilo following supervisors: Dcc Jesse,
Bolly Hllyi'ord, Rllili Sinovoy, Ed—
llioi-o Molllllson, Loonul'd Fl'icd-
luildol'. :lild Ruy Williol's, soiliol's.
‘ ’I‘lio lllsl M'l‘lll‘, dopioliug l1 cllllipus

 

 

, l - ). l l- . w. l a v ' . .
lM“ I‘m] “NHL “HUM-i “‘ 1’“ ‘ouooli oloolloll ulid ool'oliulloli, will

lbo oiillolod oiilil'oly by faculty mom-
bol's, Cirolll, iiiyslol'y lius surrounded
lilo solooll’on oi' llio uuooll, Accord—
ing to Miss Cui'olllio Loslol', instruc-
llor l'il lllllliloniulios and sponsor of
Elllo skit, llio soloolion of lilo quocn
irwiil bo ll oolllplolo ulid total sur-
,pl~l.~.o lo lilo hillill‘lll body.
lll‘IWl'l'll olloli of “1080 stunts
.[lll‘l'l' will bo sllol‘l luloill. skits by
,i'llolllly llloliibol's. 'l‘llo l’lloully will
.pol'l‘ol‘lll with llll'll' favorite songs
lillld lilliioos us llloy ll(‘\’l‘l‘ liilvo bo—
l'ol‘o.

 

oolidllolod illl-l

“State and Milne Clubs
To Have Jomt Sessmn
'l‘odlly lli 2:30 o'clock ill room 250
of lllislod lillll llli‘l'l‘ will bo ll joint
hi‘b’h’lllll of lilo Sillio oollogo ulid
Mllllo high school oliolllisll'y Clubs.
Ml'. Clllli'lL‘S Brodt, l'oprosolitlLIIVc
l‘l-oill Niagara—Hudson Coko. com-
puny. will uddross [lli' group on
“The Cllomioul Allulysls of Fuel
Gases” and will sllpplolliolll ills talk
with sound iliolion pictures.
Chemistry club will meet Wednes-
dlly noon ill room 250 lo have its

 

lserved. Everyone is lllviiod to ill.—
llclld.

picture taken.

