 

“WNW—w.“

 

 

 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH

24: 1939

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918 w
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
NeWs Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O'Hora, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzi. 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
pesto/flee

REPRESENT!!! FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIBINO IV
National Advertising Semcc, Inc.
College Publixben Repraxemaliue

420‘MAoison AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
CNICAED ‘ BOIVDN ’ LOI ANGILII ' SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD

 Editor-in-Ohief
JElbbbinSElttglgIous  Co-Editor-in-Chie f
Roeanr E. Homwm .................... .. Managing Editor
Orro J. Hows   . Associate Managing Editor
Leonano E. Koworsrcv  Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. YOUNG  ,. Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. 811.21 ..  ,  Brismess Manager
JOAN M. BYRON ........ .. Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CAa‘TlOLINE ,.  Circulation Mandy/oi

THE NEWS STAFF

. ' nklin . . , Men's Sports Editor
 ,. Women's Sports Editor
William Ryan . . Assisldiil Sports Editor
Joseph Bosley . . risotto/(mt Sports Editor

 
  
  

   

 
 
  

Feature Editors
Saul Grcenwald Charles Walsh

Aosocfdio Editors
Albert Architzel. Charles Ettinger, .foyce Maycock,
.i. Edmore Mclanson. Alice Bartlow,
Robert Cogger
Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager ................ .. Harriet Spraguc
Assistant Advertising Manager .......... .. Kenneth Haser
Assistant Circulation Manager ..  Mary Gabriel

lSSUE EDITOR

Otto J. Howe

Does It Pay to Advertise?

The junior class, riding on the laurcls of its
Soiree social success, did little work in the way of
preparing for Junior Weekend. As if result of this
neglect, the biggest social event of the year was a
complete financial flop ~to the tune of approxim-
ately two hundred and fifty dollars. “l’rom” was
a. social success not worth the two hundred and

 

 

fifty dollar deficit.

A few juniors heard rumors of a class “hard
times” party. The lack of advertising and coopera-
tion put this party on the rocks and it had to be
canceled.

Senior ’l‘ea fiance was canceled when the tickets
sold amounted to but a mere baker’s dozen. There
was some advertising, but it was of a type that does
not attract and hold the eye.

Last 'l‘uesday night, Student Christian asso-
ciation’s novel production, “Springdingus,” was a
howling success both socially and financially. The
cooperation of family and studrnt body is to be
highly (’flillilil'litlt’tl. 'l'hr [it‘l‘rilllfi who are rciilly rc-
spousihlc for llllr‘ urrr-~-. iif't' lln‘ mi'nilir-rs of the
publicity tiiliillilllt'tf of S,('.\. The green lug irlcri

t’tilint‘loti);

made the rrliltll‘lll hotly "Springtllngus'
and the evening :1 fillifllt ird >llt‘il'ws.

We have to proneut orthid=V to flat Sophomore
pulilit ity ttililililllt‘t‘. 'i'lii'y li:i1,i~oii;!i11.'ilr'd llu- wry
(uh hing and :ilti‘;u lf‘.t' Soiii’r it’ll . in 11:1 :(liliii"x,
to maltr- llu' tolli'gr- "Soiree" roim iouw. 'l‘ln-y Irm-
pit'krd up the tag idea of H.(',.\, and un- uniting
it out to better :olwmtuizc tlmu lii'ioft'. 'i‘lu- Siphs
have on original idi-a for Informing lll(‘ students of
tilt: lillilllii‘l‘h' in (an h tin», who have lilll't lit'l'it'tl liitl-t
for Soiree. The man climbing the rungs of the lad-
dcrs, Willi h an- in i lira-l coitus, should tittrzict a gun‘it
deal of attention during the coming week.

The sophomores, “wise fools,” have hit upon
the key to filliilltltll norms that is "it pays to
advertise,” Wi- lil‘t'tlitl a smashing financial and
social success for Soiree.

 

 

l
i
t

 

Bloody Bayonets

Commentstater

The match that will set the war ﬂames off seems
closer than ever to the dry tinder. And again I’d
like to appeal to the sanity of our government and ask
it to think of our policy-to-be in the next war,

I belieVe the only sensible idea is to sell to the war-
ring natlons what they want no matter which side
they’re on, for cash. Cash and carry, to be exact, be-
cause they must buy materials from us on our shores
and then worry about the delivery themselves.

All right, then, the country won’t fight for its ideals.
Ideals—we fought for an ideal in 1917. we won the
war for the Allies. So——where are we today and
where are the independent nations we created—yes,
and where are the natlcns We thought; were democra-
cies? We've had a depression besides losing the young
intelligents that might have aided us greatly. Then
there are the free nations we created after the war—see
them all, with Czechoslovakia at their head. I don't
know but maybe I'm blind, But, then I don't see the
great democracies of Europe either; England and
France seemingly are leaningr more towards fascism
than I'd like to see any dcmccracy lean.

 

 

[Forum Approves

Two Resolutions

Members Favor Continuance
of Dies Investigation;
Federal Relief

At its regular session, conducted
on Tuesday afternoon. March 21,
the Forum of Politics passed two
resolutions, from committees on re-
lief_ appropriation and the Dies
committee respectively.

Debate on the following resolution,
“Resolved: That the Forum of
Politics go cn record as favoring
the continuance of Federal relief
for unemployment with changes in
administration which will bring
about a more non-partisan, econom-
ical and effective distribution of re-
lief funds,” was pursued keenly. The
majority report chairman, David
Kotlcr, ’41, presented the Views in
favor of the resolution, and Odell

 

,Scott, '39, as minority chairman, up-
'iield the negative. The minority

as uphcic; by Scott. believed that the
administration cf reiin should be
returned to local authorities.

 

 

This is. I believe, an exact analogy of the crisis in
Europc~aud we can't stop Hitler by saying we‘ll go
with Britain and France. Especially as his air force is
superior to theirs and ours and his army mechanically
as good,

Let's; just. this once save our neck. Chamberlain ‘
and Doladicr have let Hitler line up facing ltissia, i
They have lct the Germans trek cast towards Stalin.
probably fearing Communism more than P‘asclrun.
Now war seems unavoidable, so let‘s see if they can j
pull their chestnuts out without getting singed, l

Alrtady I can hear faintly the roll of drums and
the riffs of the trumpets calling our country to the
war spirit. How do the State students feel? I

Taking a poll of State fellows. we found a majority
of them would not. fight in any war in which the
Unitcd Statcs was a participant unless our mainland ,
was actually attacker]. I. myself. do believe in the t
following pledge: ‘

I solemnly swear that I will not aid by my service:
the United States in any war other than one in which
our mainland is attacked by a foreign power.

Edgar B. O'Hara.

 

 

The Playgoer ,

 

We thought we had a vacation this week, but
"Springdingus" two hope that's the way it's spelledh
channg all our plans. We hope it will change the
plans of many Playgoers to come. It provides an op-
portunity for good stunts in the long interval between
Campus day and Moving-up day. Ye say—SEA!
You've got something there.

The first skit ——N!«"l(fh‘(t[ll)]i[lfIl“‘Wii.S an adequatcl
introduction to the evening's ltlll and frolic. Maybe it
wasn‘t a masterpiece of satiric drama. but it was any- ’
thing but dull! We haVe it on good authority that
even the cast wasn't quite sure of what would happen
next!

Prior/‘3 I,)rroiu~—We would call it, as the posters did,
the Awful Truth of Milne! Mes .s. I"i'cdci'l(:k 11ml
Hicks ought to have enough illustrative material from
it to write a book rtwc didn't. say what kind of booki.
'l‘hc laiupooning of tin» nilpt!l't‘i.‘i()l'.‘5 was more than
(it-lily handled, both in dialogue and in costumlng.
Wasn't that, really Jones" coat? And, oh. Mr. Author!
i-‘ctoy forgot his lesson plunl

Musical interlude! Wlifll. it way to introduce our
faculty duet. And win-re has this extra—currlcuim'
lliltlll lll‘t'li hiding itself? You can have Astaire and
Rogers; you can have the (loath-:1; l§l\'i‘ the f’luygoer
lrubm'iu-r and Lotti-1'» Homo; tllitl lJllill'l'hl 'l‘hc ltl'tlf'i'
o1 lllt‘ lili.lt‘ililil lili'tillt'l.li‘l ’l‘ht- tonal quality of tin-
lil'lllilit‘llf'l' baritone! Words won't t‘ :priw. it,

7" o .‘v'ioo/ri In it ("lop/ion ll wot; u typical .‘.l§il,
liulorluiuili-ly, Mr. l'Ilit‘I'lii wu. good i-uouith to loud
it's to export, fliliitln Wliit'li llt".t‘l' lliiill'l‘iilll/J’il, 'l'lu‘
ind wr- couldn't find his mum- who did lln' (irour'ho
lVllil‘f-l bit, .‘lt\’t'(l llu- performance fioin monotony.

And now to tho |ilt‘('t‘ (ll' rwiutum'r- of ill' l".l'lllill’,

 

,Ivl llli' lut‘ultt! ()ur lair. lili‘ oil to you, hub. and

In. hr. youth |)i'l'li_\ iiootl li‘ltt'lit'l'h \‘.llt'll ii t’IilIt'.. [o
li'l|.lt‘ u m In lllt‘ in-H:-r war to do u ,-,i;1t And
wt of ii .tliit' ot f’t:.'.llill|i'l |"i‘oin tho pluuioi 11! llotly
thriiliiu: lilitl lln- ‘odiipii’ oi lv'tllt' Morn-ii ii‘ to llit'
outdoor lilllilfiillt 11- of Minn l'.f'.l’,lt'.‘.lt'tiillti' out llu'
lull-1y lltlll'lll'i‘lli‘t‘ oi lbtlny ltort‘vult', llw tziiidldutr,
\urir tprwuiy.

in fail, if Wt' muy l'l'tflll, rumor, tho 1~i~gi:tiur iun'».
lli‘ in for n buoy lllilt', ’liu- im-u ot thu- t‘.‘.iit'f‘lilll\'
tho ti'mii tilt“ upon, (i\‘l.‘i‘ the po:.:.1‘hilitio:. of lillfliii', it
t‘filll'hl' lit in Mice; l‘riort'iioiso, 'l‘iu' \ionu'ii, t-iicluiiilol
by our own lllifl.llll't‘ idol, i).VH. leh, are planning
on lloodlu‘»: the Her-11d studies. (Aw uluiclth'l, pair»! hot.
it. pappn. zirri-ddy yet!)

And We must itir'littln press noth of tho our-en
and her i'i'llllllfi, .loncriy I was it (pit-1'11 than whom
Ihi-ro is no whomcr. 'l‘hc attendants were a pleasant
:-.urprl:;v. 'l'lio tonii-In-clud drun of the tests and intrus-
urci. l(.(Jl(i'(l positively clici'ubic.

l’i'rmnully We lord it Well time. We repent ("Sung
you'Ve got something thcrei

The report on the Dies committee
was presented by Fred Ferris, '42.
AfLer a slight amendment to the
original resolution of the committee,
the Ft rum passrd the following res—
olution: “Resolved: That the Forum.
although favoring the continuation
of the committee on the investiga-
tion of tin—American activities, de-
plrres the mount snioual manner in

“which Goingrcssirraii Dies and his

committee have carried on this lil-
vcstigation.” Leonard Kownlsky,
‘40, more the argtuncnts against the
continuation of the Dies committee
in order to provide the house with
both sides of the question before
final deliberation took place,
Nornrun DeNref‘ and Robert Mc-

ns (“O-('llilli‘llll‘ill of the Resolutions

 

Kampus

_ Kapers

 

 

 

The freshmen are full of en-
thusiasm; the sophomores are rather
more than less so; the juniors have
definitely lost theirs; and the
seniors—Well, let’s not even mention
it. Within the same month tw0
class-sponsored functions have been
called cff, the Senior Tea Dance and
the Junior Party. because so few
cooperated. Class meetings are
pathetic indeed. Quorums are prac-
.ically extinct. Interesting case. isnt
it the degeneracy of class spirit?

’The mod March Hare blew in the
other day to remark that there is
.nothing madder than State college
when it's mad. We hope he was re-
ferring to “Springtiingus.” It. was
good cl—cntertaining fun. from puff-
ed wheat to cookies, We shall over-
lUUk tntireiy the detects; the laughs
revered them all! Student opinion
diverges on the problem of which
was funnier than. what. but it is
unanimous in acclaiming the fac-
ulty show. To the faculty we pre-
sent—4m A i- it! Let's have more
next year. The students like to see
he faculty divested of pedantic.
iwdagoyical )‘ierronality. To find
iii in human increases our respect
and admiration for them. An'i say,
{you fellows—l guess we ain't foolin'
no body! What did Dr. Ricnow in-
timate We were doing to “them” big
red applisa? Uh-whuh”

Why talk about Pau-Americnnism
w'h' it perfectly good feelings arr be-
ing promoted right, here in State
rolltge? For instance. Sunday night
two Kappa Beth's went. to a, wed—
liling. lusttad of the bride's: bou-
(piet they brought back three gal-
,lons of irmzn sherbert, which they

 

[Kcmm juniors have been mmmmm idishrd ottt at the surroundim, group

ihouses. Good neighbors? But, yes.

committee to fill the vacancy left by lO‘W “L K‘Wl’” Den“ Friday “mm

the i‘t'hl'Hlillliill of Thomas La-
Vei'ne, '39.

 

State
of
Affairs

_____._ C. E. W.

 

the freshman had it vie-party. 'i‘hcy
invited reprcsr-ntativt-s from other
:an'oritirs to attend. Cooperative?
But yes, We think you might be
pleasantly surrn'isrd if you adopted
the good-neighbor policy.

“hiking down South Lnko axcnue
‘Saturday afternorn We noticed Psi
:(jamma hanging out. a big \vtlcome
‘:.ign. The purpose was an "at
home" for members from other sor-
orities. Tuesday the A, E, Phi's Wt'l'e
getting their welcome sign poiislu-(l
lup, too, for a big event. Mrs. Reba
lBlucstciu Cohen, national Dean of

E, Plil's from Charleston, Vir-

i A.
We Were going to write the column } gmm was we occasion
«'15 all OlJCH “MOT this WUOk. Wev The Albany Federal orchestra was

were going to declare our own por-
souai neutrality in the event of any

 

United States, We were going to

say that We how: not the slightest

intention of playing the sucker for

auybody’s benefit but our own. But.

to avoid repetition, add our name to:

the Commentslit/or. 1
-i + w

 

Have you noticed the surge ofl‘

well received again this year. It
was a unique sight to see Page hall

‘Etu'opuﬂn t'i-ucug affecting theicrowdcd to the extent of people

hanging over the side liner; (hiring
an assembly period.

I(,l).R. celebrated St. Pat‘s birth-
day with a vic party. .loe Bosley
was hit-of-the-evening with a big
green siunnrock, in the place where
pants are apt, to get, shiny, and
WU don't, mean the knees.

We expect. to see the gym over—

ambition in State's poster—makingiruu with l-lippodiimorin and “or-
puplls? The advertising for “Spring— trtiiles' Saturday night, Don‘t, forget

dlugus” and Soiree has been pnrlicu- j to eat. Wheaties for breakfasl

lnrly Well-organized, hilt. even lately
other functions haVc had flitlli'l
shore of tieccuily attractive posters.‘
You all saw the "screwball" one-~-
did you llilhu that "turn—a-ieiit“‘
triumph on llu' (it ruinous door? tit
was for (ii-butch Keep it up.
itincolsloi'! .
'f‘iioui'ht forduvdrt-mmr:».: \‘.'i:.h We:
luttl Ihr' old d:1_\':. liiit'l-L, when you‘
could oprii u 111-\\'..p:1pr1' 11ml l‘l‘ilil
of ji.lilt‘llil 11.111111, with. and murd~ru
fund of sounding illlllt‘l' thuo inv'r
lit-utilziu. lll.il llll'ltii'. tlt"t'l'llit' lll"
lliiiiitiit'llllllt'}. Ill Lilliil‘ iil|\ lli
l‘.lflti|il' who 1-11'l litdlitdlti“, 11:. illltl
v.i,o won't ll \2. mind our own Im:.i_
Iitf.‘ !
|.;1..l urn-i; wi- llflt‘ilt'll to u brood,
i'il‘l of on illlr‘l\lt'\\' ill thr- t'u-i'li
tli'liiiililhl'lii iu :tlill om' El‘llt'lill 11|
in. .\h' l\‘lu.;11\f< do wit:- llllll‘, in?

,ll'i\lt'\\itl by if V. i‘iultt-nhoriii

illililwittl on Al tiilt' point, lit“ to—
muif-ud _l'i."li|llfll\ tliut if lu- i.iil(l
wind in! uuuu-d to about. lin- llilli‘l'
coup, iu- would |if‘\'t‘|' ho Ill‘l'lllllll'tl
to broadcast, ovor our lll‘thil‘lih

luguin.

it rumich Us to think flint pnr~
hops We tti'o not in; free of censor-
i-lilll us We think. Or maybe Iho
difficulty fire; in the “wt that. Mr.
Mfuuryk is not too well acquainted
with our ln'ondcnslinii wuyii. Wi'
hope it's the. luttrrr‘v-vjust for our
peace of’ mind.

Dramatics Class
To Present Play

Adrnmrd l)l'iiiliiillt'.‘. will [li'l’1,i'lil.
iiu- inai our-act ploy ol tiu- .‘wi‘tlhtlli
on ’l‘ur-mlny, March Bit, of “:15
(it‘ltit'li in Page hull auditorium.
l,.tii‘ l"itiill'l'llil, “iii, l}; the director
;.l lint lil't'ltt‘lllillltlll, \\’lilt'li \‘.ill in“ ii,
l'tlllll'lil, The Hut lllt'llltll‘l. limo flu
l'Ii'i.‘., folly Hulk and Alvin Worn,
Iltilitli‘.‘., lio\\u1'.l lVll'li‘lliiIl illitl l-Ii'-
mm: "it‘t‘. .‘tiilllhlllllll‘.; und .lolin
f-h itli‘ll, Till.

'i’ho l't‘ililillli't- inhibiting ii'run-
f‘ Ho 1‘ u Iotiown: houni- oud puh-
lu‘il\ Hun i'Ziiu'ir, 'Iifi; lllzliiri, lfllit
z-luiixun *iti: :1-l.‘.. Man [\foouz nuzl
'l‘i 1'1..;1 Wot h, .lltliitil'hl pi'opt. Mur-
1'l.i lll'fi'.‘ll, 'lfl, llltllll dip. .ltiiu Wil-
‘til. ‘iti, and rostrum-:1, iiuliy
Huunil, “Hi.

i Seniors to How: Meeting

l 'i‘hori- will be it senior class uicot~
mg immediately following today's
riniri'mhiy, All seniors are room-stud
to i‘l'llllllil in thrir rents mid slay
,in the auditorium for the meeting.
to; there is important business to
he discussed. Orders for cops and
gowns will be taken in the ltonuida
oi‘ Draper hull. star-tint,r ’I‘hursduy.

 

 

 

Queen Believes
in Old Proverb

t'lhc way to a man's heart
is through his stomach"
has any been on the ap-
proved list of proverbs,
and Miss Vanderbilt Uni-
vanity", Andromedic
Bagwc l, believes in it so
much I 0': decided to
bizsh up on the culinary
u .

“(titl‘l U ttllﬂuiil“

t" x,
\lik' r)“ 1“ [‘Arr il‘l"“

Ban Dictator-5' Subiccts

To protest the "misuse" of science b the to-
in linden states, Harvard University': famed
physicist, Prof. P. W. Bridgman, has shut his
a mutation to visitors from the dictator-con-
trolled nations and now refuses to discuss ex-
periments with the/m. Wide World

 

