 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Spike Days'

0
a

 

 

 

 

Whiskers Brought O I Co-ed Revolt

. . . when Crei hton University lootballers grew long beards to help Omaha celebrate "Golden
he revolt ended in a barbershop, with the co-eds proving they could be adept

with brush and razor when the occasion demanded.

    

 

 

 

S'l‘A'l‘li (SULLISUIC NEWS, MAY i

 

l, [039

 

 

 

Brass

 

 

 

 

Last week. l’ress Bureau received
a letter from Bard College. whose
varsity baseball team State meets
next weekend.

The letter listed the games which
Bard is playing this year. Bob Fick-
er. their manager of baseball, in
commenting 011 the single game
which had been played at the time
the letter was written. remarked:

We have already played Stev-
ens Tech. at Annandale. and
were defeated. to pitt it mildly.

by a score of 21 to 1.

The comment seemed slightly
ironical, for We happened to read it
just about the time We learned of
State's defeat—to put it mildly—at
the hatids of Pratt. by a discordant
eighteen runs.

Ficker justified Bard's weak show-
ing by describing the situation at
the college. It seems to the stit—
dents there. that there is aii at—
tempt oit the part of the administra~
tion to citt intercollegiate ath—
letics frotii the program.

Since the letter front Bard was
received. they sitccittnbed to R.P.I.
who gave its oitr first setback)
by a iii—5 score. The day be-

fore the RI’I. game. which \‘as‘

played last Saturday. the Bard team
was soundly vanquished 15-0. by the
Hamilton squad which the Owls face
Wednesday.

Two more games are yet to be
faced by Bard; one
against Drew; the last. next week.
here.
manager‘s “good wishes for a site-

Bard niitc, btit it‘s a bit too late for
that.

We hope that they lose the gatiic
against Stati- by a large score. nat—
urally. Miiy titey have the best lttck
in the world against Drcw tomorrow.
We are sorry to hear that oppor-
tunities for building tip the tcatn
are being citt oitt. by the Bard ad-
ministration. We sincerely hope that
the facitlty will reconsider their idea
of ctittiiig ottt intercollegiate sports.

 

Page 3

 

 

[Varsﬂleans Will Play Weekend—Poultice Bills

Baseball Team to Avenge

Nine at Hartwick Tomorrow;
Faces Hamilton Here
‘I on Wednesday

The State college diamond squad
will attempt to break itito the win
colititin this weekend with two games
Isclieduled. against RBI. today and
,‘I‘fartwick tomorrow. The previously
:postponed Hamilton game will be
lplayed at Bleecker stadium Wed—
‘ iiesday,

Van Kent-en to Face [LP].

l Against the Engineers today. the
‘Owls will be out to avenge the
previous defeat in the opening game
of the season. Despite the mediocre
brand of play displayed thus far.
the squad fccls conﬁdent. that it an
punch oitt its initial victory against
the Engineers.

In the first game against i'tPl
two weeks ago. poor fielding attd a
wcak attack deprived Dar Vitii Keitr—
cit of a victory. after he had pitched
a great gatnc. Despite the fact that
IKlinc. the RPI pitcher, was iii
'trouble almost every inning because
of the nine free passes he gave oitt.
the Teachers wrre unable to push
over a ritii. This time the fellows
intend to capitalize oti every oppor-
ltunity.

I So far. RBI. has won two of its
lthree starts. Iii its opener. ll was
ltin'ncd back by Stevens' Tech. 7—3.
hi the next two games the Engi-
.iiccrs rchouiided with

 

l
l

 

 

Rivalry Classes Split

day afternoon on the Page grid-
ll'flll.

Twice victory was within reaclt
of the t‘rosli as the bullet-like
passes froin Virgil Scott went into
the hands of receivers over the
goal line. but each time the ball
was dropped and with it dropped
the freshman victory.

The fresh outplayed the soplis
aitd had them backed well into
their own territory a large part
of the game. They displayed a
powerful attack with Scott‘s pass-
mg attd Howie Anderson‘s rim—
ning constant threats.

The game will be replayed this
afternoon on the campus in front
of Page hall. the game starting tit
3:30 o'clock

At the M.A.A.-W,A,A. play day
the freshmen and sophomores
split honors. Behind "Bobby Sei-
li‘i'l's" icry effective pitching. the
ii'tish swept into a 12 to 0 victory.
The sophomore women won 25 to
31. tliits balancing the poiitts
which the men of ‘41 lost.

 

 

 

Council to Sponsor
Track Meet Tuesday

The annual intramural track and
ticld meet will be held on the ‘am—

3-0 win OviirIiltls in front of Page hall at 4:00

tour fair institution and followed 'it ltl'f'lflt‘k TlH‘Sfiili’.

tomorrow. 1 up with a iii-:3 slicllackiiig at Ilard'sl On the basis of past performances.

expense. Iii all three of these con— lihc tlcct iiill Torrens. '39. and Bob

We would like to repeat theii'itcsts. Dave Kline was the pitcher (iorinan. “.lfl, seem like good bets to

land since lt.P.i.. has two games IIIIIII IIII. IIIII.k III [ha 100 and 220
cessfitl season" right back at tlicllhls weekend (‘oach Graham taccsIIIIIiII IIIIHIII.S IIIIII the broad IIIIIIIJI

lthc perplexing problciit of a pitch-
iiiig shortage, it will probably be
.Kline oii tltc iiiotttid again today
lsincc he is their only pitcher who
Iliiis rounded itito satisfactory \ltttpt'
Filll'lliliilt l'itches at llartwick

it is improbable that any records.
with the possible exception of those
in lltc field events. will be broken.

‘I'l‘ln- present records were tiiade on

l

:i cinder path. which makes for
iiittcli faster times than are probable

Agilillﬁl :1 lJU\\'t‘_!‘ilt‘l1-\t‘ ilill'lWlt‘k  over the grass field to be tised Tucs—
‘Uitlllt tomorrow llillt' can be ex- I ItIII-I

pcctcd. They have it ball clttb
;\\'lll(‘ll rates with the best aiid only
rcccntly litid ti fourteen game win-
tiiiig streak snapped. To date this

The present records follow
Int) yd. llll‘lh—vl. “)llll—illl...)
‘l‘itl yil. llilHlI—vl.
lltl yd. (lush—T.
Htitl _\il. (lush—'1‘. “ilc iinlt|——-‘.‘:l7.ti

 

 

Athletes Conduct

Hersh, Amyot, Quattrocchi
Receive Lifelong Passes
to Athletic Events
On May 4. Men‘s Athletic associa-
tion conditcted its annual spring
.banquet iii the college cafeteria.
i Toastmaster Larry Strattner. pres-
lident of Intramitral council. intro-
lditced President Brubacher who in
turn presented Dr. Risley. “Riz”
‘l‘f‘lIllniSCCd in relating several anec-
dotes gleaned from his many and
diverse experiences as a teacher and
an active participant iti sports.

. Present Awards
l The banquet was also the occa-
sion for the presentation of varsity.
intramural. and special awards.
thrry Atnyot. former president of
lM,A.A. and coach-elect of Cohoes
‘high school. \‘as prescttted ii key.
Duke Hersh. George Ainyot. and
Frank Quattrocchi were awarded life
lpasscs for their outstanding con-
ltribittioits to State college athletics.
Mr. Edward L. Cooper. faculty ad-
visor of M.A.A. council. 'as the
‘recipient of an M.A.A. key and a
travelling bag. as a token of ap-
preciation for his services during
the past year.
llallcr lixceis

Bill Haller received the award for
sportsmanship iii intramural ath—
letics. aiid Frank Qiiattrocclii was
given the award for the mOst valu-

‘uble player in intramural athletics

during the past year.
Awards were also presented to

Ken Doritn, captain of tennis; Totin

Wilczynski. captain of cross country;
and Ed Mclanson. manager of frosh
basketball.

Mcii receiving varsity letters iii

basketball Were Ditke Hersh, Georger

‘Ainyot. Mike Walko. Carroll Lehman.
and Bill ’I‘orrcns. seniors; Willard
I"i‘ttiili'til and Walt Simmons. jun-
iors; aiid Arnold Elleriii. '41.

Tony Wilczynski. Walt Russ. sen«
tors; Lotiis F‘raneello. Steve. Shaw.
juniors. and Dotti,r Manley. ‘41. re-
ceived varsity letters in cross coun-
try.

The new intramural council is
composed of: James Quinn. '40.

Purple and acid Tennis

 

 

 Earlier Season Defeat 5 d

I I H qua to Meet H b t

It KlillCllleS in Game at Troy ll’eelreml Sports Clashes Today at Geneciraar

I H”‘“"” Tl ‘  1'] r tb it v bu '

I vaN KEUREN to PITCH  thattartar- Farewell Dinner BARD RIVALTomonnow
mores was finally played last Fri- ,_____,_ L_._

Game with Siena Last Friday
Results in Lone Victory
for State Team
The beginning of its season marred
by three successive defeats against
a single victory. the tennis team
will forge ahead iii its ambitious
eleven game schedule this week with
two more matches booked, one for
this afternoon. and the other for

tomorrow.
Home ’l‘ilt Tomorrow

This afternoon‘s tilt will see the
Purple and Gold racqueteers fac-
ing Hobart on the latter's courts
at Geneva. The State nettnen re-
ttirtt to Albany tomorrow for their
third lttiliie matcii. this tline against
Bard college,

Hobart will be new competition for
State, Bard. however. has had a
spot on the Teachers’ schedule for
many years. with State proving it-
self the master iii the majority of
contests in recent seasons.

Cold frotn lack of practice, the
>(lllilCl opened its season oti April
28 with a 7-2 defeat at the hands of
R.P.I, at Troy. The following day
saw the team sink again in defeat
at Middlebury, nine matches to
none. :1 score that also prevailed on
May 3 in a return match with the
Vermonters at Albany.

Sicna New Rival

it was a team vastly improved at
the cost of earlier defeats that met;
and trottnced Siena college here last
Friday. seven matches to two.

This match was significant in that
it marked the first athletic competi—
tion between the two rival vicinity
Iiilslitlltiotls. The future will un-
doitbtedly see this competition ex-
tended to other fields of athletics.
7 Of the six singles matches with
Sieiia. State men clinched four. Fra-
iiteiit. Schultze. and Vavasour won
iii straight sets. while Tomasian‘s
victory required three. 1-6. 6-2. 6-4.
In the three doubles matches. Stone
was itnable to eke otit a single vic-
tory. The pair—ups for State were
Frament arid Smith, Doran and

 

I1 ‘  - . A  ; DEERCISLIIll-‘I‘Iulfzuﬂirtglgllgrﬁlféﬁlwhfgz season. the boys froiii Onconta have

' “ y ‘ seems to be possessed by Bard men bU‘M‘I” 21‘: k‘wnI 1})7' Holflhiéd glut] waI‘ldjua‘Ikt-‘TTIP?Iﬁfn-“gjll-Ht-i president; Carl Marotto. 42, Ll‘cziS-.
' . "' ‘ “  .  s' —‘. ‘lllt rcw -. ’ ic. ' — ~ - ‘t‘ -—-t  .I i .

“ We suggest that the committees in p d a i | llrond Jump—n. continua—20%” ulu' How‘lld Allderson’ 42' seem"

\lili- run—ll. “tunes—~52” r -
Fomasian. and Bliss and Sense.

New (‘omers Triumph

     

 

  

 

 
  

 

 

   
  

. Five whue n".c¢
"‘Wonnaise, i, Ike

    

(all i i; ‘
newvesz,‘ garnished with lett

uce and sea

 
   

 

 
 

5°"ed with

charge of publicity for varsity base-
ball and tennis do something about

Ntttvs penetrating the shells of tiiost

only defeat was at the hands of
Drew 4-2. in the first part of it twm
bill. In "Baffler" Bill Burke. they

.‘llnl pill—F. \lnrri-i—iti’

tary.

TWO BAD ONES!

ul axle—xis—zx—isx

Captain Ken Doran. ‘39. points out;
as significant the fact that all the
newcomers to the squad. participat-

llly of  . .
mots P'ns record ~ -
' u, '   ‘.‘ ie . . . I
' , .  0’ Joli" Po I - kupmg games “pumny ho" have a line pitcher With three years sout- .\,u. n. u e g- . ‘ .~ , - v- .
'  pp ere'te’l Univer games. before the eyes of the (livelier-‘5 pf veter'in service behind hiiii ‘ ‘lIt-iircr M 't o o- Iii spriiii‘ta c r "HA ti" Iii ho ‘mk m the Emma contest won the"
A ' ‘ II I I I I ( i . w . . . . t ., . . 1 I I I v v
AM of btate by the new of posters similar It Is probable mm Fuirmmk IIIIIIIImIrL M. 5 0 0 I IIIImI. “I. II II 0 3trittiItIthes. Schultae and Vavasour,
to those. used for givmg notice of Wm HI“! mp mound In mu Nb “um.” III, 3 I, I I Nllt‘ltl‘t‘l‘..r.l. o o i 3.195 “mm 030“ POUUdGCi OUC Victor-
hIISkI.IbIIII “In” this ymm ‘ V v I I , ' .sutrmmk' -5I,_ It“. 3 I, I, I, lfimIlmv-I'Z. M. . «I 0 : gies. while a team made up of Karl
. . counter wttli Htli‘thCk which wtlll . .. _ . l'uirlmnk. Ih. ii- I i l ' - .
We have no illusions about the I)‘ )IIWNI on [he Onmnm mm mg ‘I”" ""m'" |’~ " " ' " imurnum. ill. a o o lscnse' 39' “Dd Irving Bliss. 42, tal-
i l i. r I . (mm-m r.f. 0 ti 0 1) VII" “MIN”. II, I, II II .lled 3, doubles wIII for the State

 

Spams IIIIIS III, SIIIII.’ Why, IIIII“. Hamilton (lame Wednesday  rill-I      till. 0 lscore.
might even be some who have never Against Hamilton Wednesday. Vitn IIIIIII.,'_ 3.,1  I, I. I] i'iiniuirl.m:ttr.)' ti  ‘1) I The six veterans of last year
looked tit oitr sports page wforsaken Ketircn will probably toe the mound ('nulcr, 2n). 3 I, I, irunm-r. 2t). 0 o o ‘Doran, Frament. Rand. Stan Smith.
ones! At any rate. it is necessary again. As far as is known. the men Itruiiliy. v. :i o i 3 ""’i"”- "' " " 0 ‘Tomaslan. and Kilb, at present,
to keep glaring print around for front Clinton hold a victory over :I‘"||”""”"_ll" ‘-' " 1 0 ,i    icompose the varsity. Since nine 13
those people. who. oii it Friday after- the weak Bard tinn- 15-0 and have ” ""r' A " _' I j _' .l'rutt LII. II. II. E. the desired number. play-offs are
noon remark. "What? State is play. been beaten by Union 10—7. on o i 7 leI':I",I':v'Il,'“:"ri.I,   : 3 being conducted among the
ing baseball this afternoon? Where in tile Hamilton game. State will u, p. I, in, n. n. p. "rum-i... 1-H. ' i :t i o UlCOthyLCS LO CiEtet‘mine who will
and when?" Besides tltat. it is often be shorthandcd as Hamilton insists ('urllicll. "Eli. l o o o “firm”. m. t i I o lreccive the three vacant posts. Re-
impossiblc to print the exact time on a strict freshman rule. This ‘ihwluhun. We ii 0 1 ' III'I'I'III‘I'I'IIIHI'   :I‘ 3 2 dimming aspirants Will the“ be Der—
iiiid place a match or game is schcd— will prevent L‘tisict‘ front starting at 2::‘:':":"',”""‘  1 "i " \Iiirlt, ill-L. I i i   imilied to contest the positions of
tiled. for usually the indecision of the third. Sprowls playing centcrticld. My? ' "   ‘l’  Henna, t.r. i I, I, I, .bmmm tIIISIIy mm.
managers extends to a period beyond and several other freshmen from gI‘IIII‘Im III: I I I .I SI:{:_'I':_“'""r'I‘-     l  .._ ._._, _%_
otir deadline. playing who would usually see tic— l'iilml. r.r. l o o o \Iit-tm'iyi..'r'.r. :i l l o l
Jim (‘hapcll wants those who have tion. """H’M'i‘. H- I 0 it 0 Kieth-r. 1h. '3 o I o i
I“, any idea that they'd like to par- l'ratt Swamps State I  “"" I: I!) (l I: ill“: .lyh' 1:  (I)   Al the
x.  ticipate in lil.i\.A.s alumni day next IIIIIII SIIIIII-IIIII- IIII. boy-h glint-mt _ __ ” * “llli'r, I.. I g I I,
' YWU' ‘0 “"""“""“"W‘ “'“h l"'“- “"5 an overwhelming defeat at the hands til :i It i  :6 7:) —_

 

 

  
      
  

n1

 

Oﬂieiala Consider New Iaelr Board

"Phog" Allen, University at Kansas bask th ll h d
convex-surlaced back board which is beingecorisidir‘igccl by cﬂlehcllcrsulrsccginvi

mittees. Yes, it should make the game more dillicult.

N

-: Wyominmmmvmwh . .
r,  . . .. , , , .. "My 

« »: um:- rs... _ ‘-

  
   
      

 
    
 

 
 
      
     

ncisco State, hissed
arvard, smacked 133ll3hcl’d2ﬁal'h's
is

A”...

  

. Warnin .- G i I
d‘V’ "' ° El"will: hitch FWTH‘" "'d Mmh H
Wms l'lli OlleMpQ “ . College; spent
m“ one at the gulpI-ng ,3”:
s.

    

is necessary in order that a contact
list be drawn up for next year.

it is init necessary that you lie
t‘t'l‘illlll oi bcliig able to attend this
function. The imitation applies to
till seniors Participation will be free
Your name is asked. simply in order
that you tntii be contacted next \‘t'ltl

Chess Teams to Clash
At Colgate Tomorrow

The chess [cam allll pot'lult‘. 1|.

.itltl Iiitct't'ollt‘tciitlc .i\i'itigc. will
lltllllil'\ [ti liatiiillon Iottioi'ow. to
tin-ct t‘olrnte in its third collcgc
lllillt‘li

’l‘lii- \\lll lit- the «coin! lllt't'lllii'
o: the two izioiips. :lttiti- lltl\ll|‘.!
\tiinptnhcd thi- ltcd liiitdcrs hcrc
lllnl tall ti rll‘v A itiinniing llllo
sptiiig in Ainn ionndcd out Htalc'i.
existing out) rccoitl

Sta. hoards “ill be played tomor-
row \iith Art Fox, Hit-\t- Hliiiw.
John lioosc. Hob l’atton. lioy Hom—
ntcrs. and Louis l~‘t'aiiccllo carrying
the banner for Htttle

of Pratt iii New York city by tlic
scori- of 20-2 in ii game which went
oiily seven innings. it would be uti-
Iiiir. howl-\cr. to say that this game
was a true test of the State niiic's
ability Van Kcurcn pitching with
.t \til't' ~llititlhlt‘i‘. \\ii:. iii! :vtillillt' Itii'
tout inning: lii~. pitching stat \i;i~
lilil:lli\ culminated in :i homc lllil
ll\ i\'llll"l the l'lilil litiilct’ ltai
‘.lt‘ltlt'tl lit inn: 'i' in .t lilz’. lliiid
inning lll ihc fourth inning.
‘l‘ogid‘ l";iiili.tiil. l'llllll' in and. tisidc
lllilii the »t».th ll.tl|l|' in which i'iatt
had il‘.t' Illlillti‘ lioop ill'ill...‘x homi-
‘]il;tlt‘ ‘lo.iil‘ lilii :t ltiii‘l\ good job,
con. ltit'llll;‘ lllt' litilc college pitching
I“.lll'l li‘llt't‘ lll' lilt‘- lillil 'l‘ltc "'i'cttt'h
i-t's \‘ll'll llillil\ liniiipct‘cd by lllt‘
nation i-oiititn.. oi the llllli' l’t'ntt
l):t|ltllHl\ 'l'llt' ])li\\l‘lllli l’l‘iill lili-
tcis kept it ..cciniiigl\ continuous
uplattcr ol hits bouncing oil the
lciiccs lll lcll and i‘l'iiit'lill'lti, It is
sale to sit) that three Ioiitths of
llit-sc liil: could liiiti' lici'ti t'ittit‘lil ll

 

ilit' tililIlt-hlt‘i's liiiti .t cltntit'c to got i..-

aftcr lhcni

 

 

 

Eat at John’s Lunch
liinncrs '35c and lip
liclicioiis Sandwiches and
Siiiidaes
Tilt! -\. M. u littlti l'. M.
llpli. the High School

EMIL J. NAGENGAS'I‘
l" l. t) It I S 'l‘
Bonded Member of l“.'l'.l)..-\.
"lttty Where the Flowers Grow"
Dial 71~Illllti ()ntario at Henson St.

 

 

VW'?M u/uu/ 0/ a “all \

'\ I A SHOE l5 LOST "I'
i \i 7% Mini ill J7r‘lwqtd/I/u/
A POSITION IS LOST—

wit. tit- mom sli'ltinjlilltliit lanolin] It
litl'tlhtlir Itllti‘. ilillt'i‘i tin-ti .iiiii miiiirn

 
   
   

nit. v- H iiirupnmic nurtured training
I'- a 2~3 MONTHS’ SECRETARIAL COURSE
-"‘i' °l‘0liElGN LANGUAGE STENOGRM’HY

I I t‘ipiiiiislt (minim, licnili Italian)
 lllIiltlt‘tl >il‘ltiinu' ltl‘ljlsgldlluill [Lu Mill lveliliiu
til\‘il\ lllU t'ill ll’tlil Sulilllll‘l $t’5'iltlll)
. stalling liitit' l‘)lliy - luly lilh ' Anunst lib

’i

.\

INTERBORO INSTITUTE 
I51 WET 111d ST. I NEW YORK
A'n/(ierborkur Bldg. at 71me Square

   
   
  

   

\,

  
  
  
   
  
 

HOWARD E. MARSTON
lNC.

I’Ii it Il/‘lltlll U/Iftt ItiHi
l'lsi’hisnc l‘:\t‘\\.ill‘ .tl

\ltitli't‘ulc l’I it i“

Hotel Ten Eyck Building
83 State Street

 ANNEX

 

Albany

 

You’ll find
the, very best

Ice Cream in

. WAGARs

For the daily
snack
(“or purllcs
large and small

 

 

 

 

 

