  
 

 

 

Wﬂmkwxmlmwu -.-s-.- s

.._ “wig..-

greens

Bags 1

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 17, 1939

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O’Hara, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hertwig. 3-2889; Bilzi. 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

.EPIESENTID FDR NAT)°NAL ADVERT‘ISlNE .Y
National Advertising Service, Inc.
C 9135;: Publist Reprextudirc

420 HADlSON Avs. NEw YORK. N. Y.
cameo ' hostel ‘ Les nexus ~ sun ruiusza

THE NEWS BOARD

 

  
 
 

 

Jux STRONG ...-  Editor-in-Chief
Enos: 3 O’Hoes .. - Co-Editor-in-Chicf '
ROBERT E Harms  _ .. Managing Editor .
Om J. Howx -. ‘ '

 

Iaoxszo E. KOWALSRY ._
Sun E. Yorxa .................... ..- Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. Ball .... _.   Business Manager
Joan M. Evans . 
Cum 8. Cisnauxn ..

 

 

 
 

a-.- Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF
Charles Franklin   .-...--.. .. Men’s Sports Editor
Women‘s Sports Editor

 

 

Joseph Bosley'  

Housing (Un)conscious .3

Annually there descends upon us the
Housing Drive. Seniors get to know about

it, but, unfortunately, not until they are. . I y
t Lion should have been used: the motivation cartoon

seniors. To the three lower classes. it is
as remote and pointless as a weather pre-
diction. That, to our untutored mind. is the
predominant fault with the present system.
Unless you have lived in the dormitory,
the endless beneﬁts of the housing system
are foreign to you. Here is one vital
point: cramped as we are in present quar-
ters, the proposed Student Union would be
a social center for all those people to whom
the housing system can now offer nothing.

Our second bone of contention is this:
for three years an average student goes
through State college without thinking or
caring about the Housing fund. During all
the time he is interested most vitally in
school affairs, the most important affair
of the school is dead to him. In his last
year, a senior’s interest of necessity changes
from the past to the future. Next year and
teaching are his primary concerns. ye: it
is at this bewildering time that he is as-
sailed by the Drive captains!

How much better it would be to make
the underclasses conscious of this project
while their activities are within its very
limits. This weakness is being righted in
a commendable way. Today in assembly,
Dr. Sayles will take a big step in making
the whole college Housing-Drive-conscious,
and what is even more vital, when the
Student Union becomes a reality, it will
be a monumental advertisement.

Business For Sale

Bouquets, Juniors. We know you spent
time and effort on Prom, and the results
were self-evident. H0\'.'f:\‘¢:l‘, the amazing
part of the weekend reports is found in
the summary of opinions that your tea
dance was an equally great social sucCess
as From.

That, to us, brings forth two conclu-
sions—ﬁrst: that tea dances are “in” at
State college —— “an end dcvoutly to he
wished," We might add Shakespearean-
like; and secondly that the expense and
formality of a function is not necessarily
proportionate to its success,

Here is our idea: since tea dances are
less expensive, why doesn’t some interpris-
ing organization capitalize on them?

(Ed. note. Scooped again! Hayford announced.
at Senior Banquet. plans for All-State Tea Dance

sponsored by till—Well here's wishing you success,
39ers.)

Advertising Manager ;

., . Assistant Sports Editor ‘
_  .. Assistant Sports Editor .

Lion had at last put out an excellent issue.

i
l

 

99 44/100 % Poor

 

 

 

COMMENTSTATER

We have just ﬁnished reading the State College
 Lion that PUblica‘tion that attempts to be funny four
 times a year with the use of one theme—that which
i is wrong with the News. We are very willing to ad-
‘ mit that the rivalry that exists between the News and

the Lion  much like the rivalry that exists between
every college newspaper and comic magazine, but no
. one has dragged it out to its unfunny end quite like
i the Lion has succeeded in doing. We do not. want to
see the rivalry ended. as we enjoy it as much as any
one does. but the fact remains that repetition is not
the spice of life. but variety  The rivalry should

 

‘not die because both of us need it, but unless the
‘ Lion can think up a few new angles they ought to
- make this a theme for one page and not for every .

issue.

When we viewed the cover we mused—‘this looks -
ilike a good edition.’

The editorial was excellent
for its type and the fable was the best bit of writing
we've seen in the Lion or any college humor maga-
zine—perhaps its appeal was limited to a minority
but to that minority it should be great amusement-
to the majority it must have, at least. been funny.
At that point we were ready to believe that the
But we
soon found our mistake. The contest idea was trite:
the State of the Nation just missed: the reprints of
the Nrws stories of the LION were overdone—We be-
lieve only the headlines and the review of the ﬁrst

lacked zip: the testimonials were not original in any
sense nor funny even as reprints: the parody of the
Gettysburg address gave hope for a new birth of humor
but the song below it slumped back into old LION un-
funniness.

The remainder of the magazine deserves little com-
ment—the cartoons were saved by very clever caption-
ing which brought them up to date and made them
humorous, but then the old quote page slipped back
to the medocrity of senllity. Something has to be
done if the board expects to make this the page of
humor that they expecr it to be. And then, even the
comedy from other collcge humorags smelled.

The makeup of the paper was excellent. and if the
contents had been as good as the makeup, we would
have been able to write as our predecessors did. but
as it  for our humor we‘ll read the State College
Dircctory.

Talk about clowns. we think that the MAA boys
or the Janitorial system takes the dunce‘s cap. Friday
a crew cl rower ssembled from Hartwick—

s were a
the game was over—and they were waiting to dance——

and (22-h the State hosts were informed that there
could be no cahcm; as the Commons had not been
szgized for State hospitality!

 

Appointment Bureau

 

 

at 3.30 o'clock in room 20. there

N's->2: Thursday.

 
 
   

. phlet explaining this material will
outed at this meeting. At the same time there
 be a follow-up CECUSSIOD on the Ethics question-

 

naire that was ﬁlled out by the senior and graduate 

students,
I I t I

Seniors should check up some tune this week on
their schedule cards. plactng the course and classroom
numbers in the apprcprlate spaces and also indicating
on the cards where they can be found during their
vacant periods. Since positions may come in at any
time of the day, it is essential that those concerned
should attend to this matter immediately.

I'. is meerath that seniors be sure to indicate
where they can be located during every free period in
the week.

3 I I I

There wtll be a panel discussion on Saturday, March

4 between to 00 and 12 on o'clock. led by high school

pr:z.r.-lpals. regarding the requirements they seek in n ‘

Beginning T'racilcr“ ahd also a talk on the subject
of 'COll‘JELlIEEU' Relations." This discussion is de—
t-ci dirt-c  lsr student: in ordtr that they may
wand what is rcqtured of them when they enter
the ﬁeld. All seniors and graduate students should be
preach! for this discussion and all undergraduate stu—
dems are invited to attend.
I I O l

The appomtment bureau announces that the fol—

   
 

lowing students have received posnlons: Faye Fore- I
. man, 39. commerce. Sharon Springs: Virginia F‘urey.

'39, commerce, Canisteo: Michael Griffin. '36, (mm-
merce, Red Hook, position effective immediately: Joan
Kaplan, '37. cemmerce. Portchester; Sarah Murdock,
grad, commerce. Walkill; and Lucille Zak. '38, com-
merce. Crown Point. The following have received
substitute positions: Harriet Papemaier, '39. commerce,
Schenevus; and Elda Timm, German and science,
Roesslevllle.

‘hall.

‘ courses.

Clubs Announce
Meal—ME Plans

French Club Will Conduct
Mock Radio Program
at Next Session

French Club

Wednesday. French club will con-
duct a meeting at 7:30 o'clock in
the Lounge of Richardson hall. The
report of the committee for the
annual spring fete will be glven
and deﬁnite plans made.

The committee ls: Madeline Sees-
ny. '41. chairman, Mildred Leach.
.Mary Kay's. seniors: Beatrice Mar-
fashlnsky, Ethel Cohen, sophomores,
and Dorothea Devlns, '42.

Following this, a mock radio pro-
gram in French will be presented.

The committee in charge of the
radio program is: Mildred Selden.
'40. David Kreher. ‘41, Glen Wal-
rath. '42.

Classical Club

According to an announcement of
Eleanor Wise. president. the Classl-
cal club will have a meeting next
Thursday evening from 7:30 to 10:00
o‘clock in the Lounge of Richardson
There will be a program,
entertainment and refreshments.
Everyone is welcome.

German Club

German club will have a party
in the Lounge of Richardson hall
shortly. Arrangements are being
made this week.

 

 

State
of
Affairs

C. E. W.

 

 

 

A tired old man Went to his ﬁnal
rest last week, With his last breath
he fought for the peace of the world
which was his life‘s goal. Perhaps.

 

Kampus

Kapers

 

 

 

We are Cupid. We think We did
a good Job this week; what with
all the lace and hearts and stuff. . ..
There seemed to be a predominance
of the kind of Valentine that says,
"I love you, Teacher," particularly
among the seniors. . . . . The mem-
bers of the News board and staff
received very original Valentines...
Professor Rlsley was quite the Val-
entino of Valentine's Day—he was
not only showered with hearts, but
also his bulletin board.

Junior weekend came and went.
After the ball was over We looked
around and found that We had a
very nice time. The secret came
out of the bag (better than the
balloons did!) and here was petite
and meet Jane Wilson carrying her
honors modestly and well. May we
say a word for Regina Murphy and
the attendants who formed a really
queenly court. . Reggie Chllds

 

jCohcn was at A.E.Phi.
‘Gam's welcomed Helen Emery.

presented a very danceable band.
We like him—didn't you? Of course,
Pomp and Circumstance has been

>played more accurately, and vve feel
.it was careless of Reggie to have

slipped up with Myskania at the
planet. . . . Tea was served at Tea
Dance and We even saw some people
drinking it. . The Juniors did
well as entertainers, if not as fi-
nanciers. The many outsiders at.
the functions must have carried
away a good impression of a good
time.

The Little when old friends meet is
a good time. The past weekend
overflowed with welcome alums. We
saw Milly Nightingale and Paul
Dittman. John O'Brien was around
too. Dottie Cain and Estelle
Murphy visited Chi Sig. _ . . Marion
. . . The Psi

Sororities

E Let's take a look at the sorority

houses. . . . Kappa Delta found it
embarrassing to re-fusc, when a fuse
blew out at 102-10 o‘clock last Monday
night. The Gamma Kaps got 2:. Val-
entine in the shape or a cat—they

now. he has found a greater. more haven‘t seen it, but they know it‘s

lasting peace.

Long an able diplomat, he has
made a lasting impression on Euro-
pean statesmanship. Of humble
rank religion can bestow. Always.
the marvels of the twentieth cen-
tury. modernizing the Vatican, but
keeping its older treasures. .

Spiritual head and temporal ruler1
of the world's millions of Catholics
in life. Pius XI will be mourned by
those of all crceds—al] races.

He has left the European scene.
but to our mind his influence will'
be felt for some time to come.

I t t 1‘

We were interested in the retire-
ment of Brandeis from the Supreme
Court bench. He was 822. Seems
to us that in the good old days (u
the latter 18th century. it follow1
about that age, muncd Ben Franklin.
was jmmtlng to Canada on goodwill
missions.

O O O U ‘

80 With Malici- Toward Some has

of the ycnr~closcly followcd by
Young Man With a llorn. We think
either deserved the honor: the Hul-
sey opus. for its sparkling pvosc
and Bacon illustrations; the Bukcr‘
novel. for cnmcshlng the bent. of:
‘blucs' vhylhm into the chunculmu 1

And spcnking of books. it you
mlsscd Dorothy Thompson's column.
\vhcvcm shc sends books, lnslcutl ol'
Valentines. to tho gvcul and ncur-
great. look it up rluhl now-41'.»-
worth it.

o I o 0

And State is right up thcvc in
thc fovcgrountl when it comes to in.
novnllons in currx‘lculm' stl'uclurcs.
A recent check shows that ovcv 13:31)
collrgus in the country hch lllhll-
tulctl some form of uuu'rhulc alum-l
lloll. And ncuvly ull of them.
Murringc commission. {like u how! ‘
consist of (list-tumult groups. or lot--
lures by uulhorltlcs, or both.

Simmons. lutcst college In luau—1
tulo this topic in their uudcruvutlu-l
ulc ncllvltlcs. hus stuvlctl to’
chh‘l‘llllt‘lll with llllll\'ldllllll7.t‘tl (llS-
ousslon groups. following lccturc

 

from tho trudltlonullwtl hygiene
courses and turning to problems of
sex and their relation to fullur llv-
lug.

 

sluilmmort's.
lutcrcst. ls waving uwuy lllltl .lcim Strong; for the freshmen,

there. . . . When the E.E.P. pledges
reached Phi Delt the old southern
hospitality was lacking. Nobody
home. Were they all out or all in

birth. he rose to the highest earthlylbed? . . . P.A.T. knows how to treat

the pledges. The Kappa Beta pledges

sprogressive. he made the most ofput up a pencil sharpener back—

wards, so the E.E.P. pledges re-
versed the order—plus walking a
few miles after furniture.

Now just a side glance at what
the men are doing when not in the
sorority houses—or arent they? . . .
The l‘rcslnnen pledges at K.DR.
have it all over the sophomores when
it comes to nmkc-up—partlculurly
lip-stick all over Brophy.

Senior Banquet

The lion—no. not 'l/u Lit/ll. but
rather the one that goes out like a
lumb~—got his dates mixed up. In
:1 regular Spring flood the seniors
sloshcd down to the Schuyler. The
Senior Banquet was nice quiet lun,
mums speeches. Margaret Hickok
won the door prize with number
180, (Mclunson called it number
one behind the eight-bully The

lbecn chosen the most original book NUDE-prize .\’0u know “'35 3 GOP." 0f

the Pl‘tl-iblll was it ban or added
attraction“?

In closing we are enclOsmg lfor
this is vcvy pvlmtc~lt was given
to us by somebody to whom it had
been given by somebody else. whom
somcbody else had given it to, but.
up un- Willing to vouch for its ac-
curncyl n quote: “You know noth-
nut cvcr huppcus to us K.D,'s to
publish in the papers". . And
bcfnvc \Vc l'orgct~Dr, Jones knows
how to give u putty of which smiles
llun' no fun The hills arc good
nut in llclmur. and so are hum—
lnu'ucrs vonkctl over it rump-lire.

Myskanm Names Eight
To Be Class Guardians

'l‘hc ncw cluss uunvdinns tor the
sccuntl sclnvslcv of [his school your
\vcn' uuuounccu in assembly lust
l"l'l(lll_\'.

Huurdinus for the seniors Will be
Mutton Rockefeller nud ‘lichul'd
Imustlulc; for thc Juniors. Elizabeth
llukcr ulul liduur O‘lluvu: for the
[canard Friedlunder

llutty lluyl‘ovd untl C‘urolyn Muttlce.
'l‘hc scrruturlcs of the respective

clusscs must notify their guardians
of any class activity.

 

   
  

‘\ Coupqp



warm-T
m1-rs"“" '

 

thionl

     
  

   
   
 
    

ﬁscal”; in Maw"
tr" trt'rk‘n'rt 

o .
huﬂ§tfl3mn line). T.  ol-
gin: It: unique pmdo pulmom.

Mlnnupolla Journal Photo

   
    
      
    

     
  
 
 

  
  
 

 
  
 
   
    
 
 
     
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
    
   
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
  
   
  
  

  
  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
    
     
 
  
  

’  Students Hang Portrait of Jonilor
George_hcl¢son's broom-pushing days are over, and to
' poor In on his retirement as janitor of Leveutt Home

orvu Universit , 'd t .d , _
“W: “m -» oi £3.51! lain mm """"°""‘

   
   
  
     
     
 

Acne

      
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
     

 Flapjack

ll‘. .1 tflllltull lrfv‘vil‘l
lllp Rush Unzlrv l‘, t...“
I'll;’IllJIJl’llll)lu‘ll\'llilll'
Ina} llln'll lmlllv lwv .a
F)ld|\‘ un' Vaniluvlult
Ulllvrl‘nly' wit-glinth

team

   
   
  
 
    

E‘Lm‘gﬂﬁi‘iié

 
 
   
   
  

 
  

   

  . all,

» s1 ‘1, r' ' .ﬂr ' '
Wearing Thou Holt '3 Ticklish lusinou
Belly Bockwili and Peggy Walbildgo appropriately sit on a donut! sign

:0": olzngllu to which a Wollulcy College student

  
 
 
  
   
 
 

Acmc

 
 
 
  
 

 

 
 
  

 

