 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 31. .939

Page 3

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
   
    
 
 

Brass
Knuckles

 

 

 

 

Weather impedes
Spring Practice
Of Baseball Nine

Captain Q—ugttrocchi’s Squad
Will Tackle Hamilton
in First Contest

 

  
 
  
 

Anent lntramurals

 
 
 
 
 
  
 

times

  
  

the queerest
school.
to Page hall gym at some odd tim
you are liable to
basketball game in pr
if you are lucky.
sensible basketballs
themselves away
for the summer. you will ﬁnd Charl
Intramural basketball still blithe
bouncing around our gym.

  
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
   
  
 
  

have

 
 
 
 

 
  
 

JEAN S'rnono
mom B. o'H§ I
ROBERT E. Hui
01110 J. How
Laomnn E.

  
 
   

 

 
 
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
   
  
    
    
  
   
  
   
 

for it just seems as if the fat
haVe conspired to keep him fro
completing his schedule. And aft

 
   
 
   
  

 

   
   
  

:h I' “ﬁenme ‘wI' II IHenricus do  
elnous ool oflologne (no sea). Boredom gossip leushter
 ne‘reIell prisent if the student  The,
“telleetuel superiority end 2- sight—3w lili’ . .ymbo' ‘0' is 'in.
extents. me of the students ere u o' "a" "mum":
no..." Ind“ w ha II as even use good ol
turyI. (Mlnieture omitan arr/3:33.15" d" “n-

attain;

  

GRACE B. CA3; ' ' " V
———————" I

 
 

 
   
 

    

he should have sense c
it quits until next year,
would resolve to start again.
Certainly something should
done.
even have a zero rating when
comes to taking precedence in t

 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 

Alice  f
William q 
Beatrice 

i

   
   
      
  
   
   
      
   
  
 

speaking contests,

 
 

 
 

ketball games.

Arnold El
is the stepchlld

i‘

=5

  
 
  
 
 

of State. And

  

   
    
    
   

get its break

 
 

Either it should

 
 
 
 
 
  
 

isn't a regular schedule.

 
 
  

Soiree 
social seaso;

   
   
 

  

 
 
 
 

reatlon nights.
Certainly

   
    
  

  

i

dancing is [

    
  
     
 

ricular actii
to maintain their
The fut

has, to a 
. pected

in a league such as this,

  
   
    
  

 

    
  
   
   
 

  

  
 
 
  
  
  
  

by Arnold Elleri

  
 
  
 

 

 
 

and comml
and practit
from partiIl
On  '1;
library ant ».
, the plausil' ‘
time—nail!
dancing fll
There
this (121an
gram. StI'
.4" ’ ° 9 I
II. oy, did they go elter the lmlunenl The tortures ol the dun eons were given e reel first

 
 
 

  

Brain Sports
State to meet Army! Feds to cl

   

  

 
  
 
  
 

'tis true.

 
 

lenge brawn! Yea,

   
  
   
  

into big competition.

   
    

Educa

 

York Times headlines:
thrashes out victory over
might! War is doomed! Peace
ever! Peace—but now we‘re out
in on the Umbrella Man (subtle
Mr. Chamberlain).

To get down to ye actual
of the case. on April lw-i‘law,
ain‘t fooling ya——Statc really
invade the U.S. army.
ball? Now, it's the
but it still

    
    
 

  

  

  

 
   
  
 
   
  

 

 

 

        
    
   
   
   
 
 

 

   
   
  

‘ University students "sendin "

I g for th 5 fit
lootyg.\;olu1d‘yevar:'mx\r|? tpIIlIe.nos oat iiIiIto the  lethal-mi): 
wes riding the strings even tllveii', ytu'r'en'Jigllyg":_ “d i, you don't “link “in,

 

     
 

  
   

 

 

chess

 

 

 

    
   

 

 

 

   
   
 
 

 

  
  

 

   
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
      
  
  

 

 
  
  

 

    

l h
' .nd Ihud’  .h. n.
wcomers — end they oh
i v . 3" “Maud s .
to I their new ound knowledge to good an '° "d “"V did“ ll" '0 Put I I I
‘ . . , ' of still competition lronl the so!- I   I  I I I I I I I I I I
2I M . , II,I . , I mth Mm hm,“ “mm”. mm in mm. cominuttIis \ttit Illllllltlh-lll). \lhllv oi the agreement which the association has with theIgeneial Ipolicy ofHumes followed by a buffet sup_
l «  -. i . .- '- -. v l- i _ “N .l’t‘tll'h' (Illﬂlllllltllh 0011080 HUN-SF, faculti suiervlsion of athletics, there are certain issues of it con- . ’ ‘ .
‘ "“’ ' twenty grunts this season such col , , .\I l I I I I lDClI How Men Smke I
Pl l 10mm “,7 l»{nl'\'ul'dI YuluI untold-SI llllllt‘tl 111 lOlll'lllv lrovcrsial note winch should be discussed further before such drastic..I{0UR “ch I
it i c,c,N_y,I N_y,tl,,llll(l Cul‘noulprr'tlclp Play-oil illntt‘lics between tho and linalIactioiiI as your ineinoranduin Iinentlons. we have decided, I  Ii 1
l to mcutlim ll tow, Cit-[Ling into Grails and Extras fur the bowling that in spite of its tenor the association is in agreement With the lticns I
(II I fast “mummy boys! trophy will get, under way shortle of the program expressed in items. . , . (To be decided by MAA its your rep. come he" and g“
l" Selected, high-ratingl players The award at issue consists of ti l't‘ﬁt‘lllﬂllVU-l Wlll! l‘lfiifll'd lo the following items. however. the assocta-l
5. '[ll booked to play tomorrow for State gold figure of ii bowler mounted llOll is not in tlgl‘t‘cllit‘ilt.I. . . t’I‘o be decided by MAA-l I l   : l
l lnclmlp A” poxI John HOUSOI SLCW all“) ll mum-e pluck buseI Upon PerhnpsIour reaction is due to the tact. that we do not fully under“I
03 Show, Bob Patton, ltoIv Sommers, i'ollililctloil of the playoffs, tho win- stand the situation. and we Wollld like, thereioic. ll Joint meeting with 
.r if Louis F‘raiicello. and Bill chaut, ner's name will be inscribed and the tlllllt‘llli UUHHUIHWL‘ lllIl’Ulll' C‘Nll'ClllCllC“ 1“ “‘9 “0‘1" {UL‘W'H V \0
ll This year's chess movement. the trophy placed ill the intramural “OW (lo IXOU it‘llOWSI M l“? ll. Wlll be your duty. CVOIltuully. t0 5
ll though technically not it sport in display case. approve or disapprove oi any action along this line as members of the
4, [3. Il um um“; 5mm. 01' ll“. wm-(lI l“... “Wm”, “mu” student association. Make sure that. it. measures up to your own o1)iiiloils,I  
it gotten under way with plenty o1 ‘I‘u-um .I'l'l Allt‘llil the meeting when these measures are discussed. (See MAA  i
ll u .» '. -  i Lu ""”““ “‘“i i I " to times! ‘ /
I Chilillllhlllnlll. it has itetind l...ltill “I” II I I I I II “I” inlmitls i . I
ll liniutus from rt-eogntloii by MAA (tilllllrltll'l‘n . ..  in; ' ' .
l W]! l l t l‘ ('lli. ll I7
= ' itl tils. ant t-olis,llllt, pusiiiil'. 0 0'c MIM' - - - v - - . r r r - v u .‘3 _
II. I . I I“ Sign l.nlil hi; i . . . . . ., Ziliti
5.  , ~.. .8. ﬁnd i'Il-t'IIt*II=Itl:)IiIl IiIlIIIwIlIlIi: I'IIltInIII'IiIIIIIII. .t....'..‘:- («‘i..i.‘.‘f...‘.','5,‘ ..... ., to / WI“ One Of the 5 \ ﬁg CONTESTS My
'i. Ill . ‘ - ~ . - ..-  .lcre s t' ('1' 'il 3‘ ' " ‘ '.    —
 “'6‘” U 'I‘A V’Mll.‘ WH'.) chess and establishing it us it pei'iiitt- Ce -0 d Fa “It . M 
  " - “ “- ~ . 7‘ neiit colli-gt- llctivlty. ‘3 r" rsI an C y #3:.”
' l t » :2» "a? . Meanwhile. chr tit Palace Rt'('l't‘—  Bowl Tomorrow ’
' - “ t » - atlon Critter Slate's lllt'll are getting ,. . .,
 ‘ - " ' . " W. Air l"(l)l. l)ll . will , _
6.  some valuable lil‘lltilluc lii dodging IIIIIIItIiIuIlIolIlIK IIIIIIIlIII‘IlI IIII‘IIrII IIIIIl’I III II S   Nothing to buy to Win one of the
III III I- - ‘_ II _ II I‘I.‘ I . l , .
y" dum’lmuh in all .mmml 01, group rcln'l-icnliiig the senior class  . llvt- $1.000 College Scholarships
elghtbull us liltiiuiulluls pool toul— I I . . I
, .to ti\t'llll|'th the faculty. Alit'l , _ I I
“mum” “ll/“m” “H” m“ HW’M "~-‘liilill'<lilil'lls" it seems odd that "'"" Bum" '” (“BIL
n n *2 -v t - r I
mIl/lllllli- mm.“ ,mlpl- “than”, out [the faculty are clamoring for more Get FREE ENTRY BLANK ‘
itlllltllllllf'l‘liltllll lrcl'islng (llblllllhltlil-l “Hum” minimum” “m “M, "w". and Rule“ in any 5‘0“: selling l  Awards in 
limit. and disgust, the oft-postponed   illIIII‘“ 1]  Parker- Vacumatic Pens l
frosii—solill rh'ull'v game has finally , " I I " i
'I I t)t'l()(‘l( ill the Palace ltit'leuttoiit I I
 Bailliyhlhlm‘v‘ mm mm“ 0' (miller alleys on Central tiVl-nuv.‘ One Scholarship Awarded l  
‘If l'tlu're ' interested ill seeing “mm “mm” m“ I)“ mllmlj l Each Week for 5 Weeks |
some fancy joilstlng, jabbing. on I “I”? I‘llhIl” "l“?-"“‘Il lI“ ‘lI‘Sll‘l‘;lIIlIll"l Plus 20 IVeckly Cash Awards of $25 Each ‘
.v. . ' . .. . .. ‘1'  ' :ltes r. cis, I ,
guide—ins. toluillcllig. tit”. (llnp 0th ‘ " H” mm" ml lI, I l l
to the gym some afternoon and look l” “Ullt'lL “1" ml“l“"l"lll5h- D‘- 105 AWARDS, TOTRL:  ‘l I l I
. H 7 .h ' ' r 7 ~ in on one of Mr. Sovorelgn's feilc- '1‘. Cu Hillllll. tUHlIlVllﬁICOOlN‘rII'i I 1 I ‘
0'. III Incqugug ' ‘ -l ~-.~ '1‘ Llcwmk-stmlllu'lltitl Hacking the senor cuss Wl is k
1. 9 ing cusses. o i t i . I II I I II I I
" 9' ill. lelOMl lntercolle lilo:  chug. ‘2 "nll‘lﬂﬂ l0! lh.  We promise no gore. They're really will (milliolllm. JOlm I‘llva Lylt I No. Pearl St.
‘ ‘ I ll 09". I90" um“. w”.b“ d" goodI tiuwlon, Ken Holmes. and Clancy ‘
‘ u." by Jimmy Maloney Van lctten.

 

 
 
  
  

 
 
 
 

in those dew; e rules were veers complicated end “I‘m to hit t t
. s

*W.......’....‘.t.i..t..t..a  ' “ ‘ *' * "‘ "‘ *
little desire melt. Not ' . "M “l' “"‘M' “"‘mm W t m
cm tni' "mus dominatrix t" i“ '33:“- ii‘ "tiredness-«- W m- nut-w
ire  I  “NM!!!” rdidusn mu t. It .7. “ ' ,l-“ll'h'lﬂi ole-uranium .
, . .,I..i.1“,m'l.liil' 159'»th in! its Hilde-leathers»er «mil. .

   
    

 
 

  

  
  

     

   
  

 
 
 

.3

 

It seems that things are always
popping up in the queerest places at
around this college baseball squad may get out-

And if you wander around

find an intramural Quattrocchi had
ogress—that is. team would be out for its initial

For when all practice session by next Monday.
tucked However. the recent snowfall has

in the mothballs

of of next week. the athletes will ﬁnd
course, it is not entirely his fault

the way he has been tossed around. day workout pl‘io
“Ough t0 Call contest will scarcely be sufficient for
Hatfield to pick out a group to start
the game. There may be no sem-
be blance of teamwork until the sec—
lrd game of the season.
ll Incidentally. the State freshmen will
see no service in the ﬁrst encounter
because of a rule prohibiting the
Milne High func- yearlings in participating in games
played against the Cherry Valley
It may be said. however. that
it Hatﬁeld will start a freshman in
is time the stepchild got a break. the ﬁrst game_

0' Coach Hatﬁeld clallns that all the
I State opponents are tough. Hamil-
ju‘St ton. although it may not have had

when he
Intramural basketball doesn't end or m

gym; it has a negative rating. Plays.

tions—all these have set back bas-
In fact, basketball nineI

else out the program so that there

“choose-up” games or general rec~

olde State college is really pushing
Can't you see those blazing New

military

Oh. base—
team.
sounds g()0(l-—(l()ll'l. it
State should lJt’ faced with a bit

If the weather clears and if the
ground drys sufficently. the State

side for some practice before its
ﬁrst encounter on April 22. Captain

0.
hopes that the

put a hitch in both the coach and
ie the captain’s plan. With the Easter
1y vacation beginning toward the end

 

Men’s Sports Face Crisis

 

 

 

e by t‘liilrles It‘l'liiilillii, sports editor. for the STATE COLLEGE
prs: Any opinions lllt'lllltillt‘tl are his own).
Last week, a, report was issluxl to MAA by the Faculty Advisory com-

mittee consisting of the following resolutions:
“1. That the Faculty Advisory committee be a policy forming body

(Special :lrticl

 

3. Final approval of game schedules and guarantees should rest

with FAC.

 

teams.
5. No equipment may be purchased or other ﬁnancial obligations

incurred by MAA without prior audit by the FAC.
6. All persons or ﬁrms selling equipment and materials to MAA

should be notified that no bills can be incurred without the proper order

blanks signed by the athletic director.
’7. The accounts of the MAA shall be submitted to the FAC annually

for a detailed audit."

 

 

 

no opportunity to work out until the
es week of the seventeenth.
"1 That the Statesman need practice

81‘ is a foregone conclusion. The four—
r to the Hamilton

 

 

 

 

he

more outdoor practice than tli
Teacher's squad. will be aided great

the Players get timid 1y by indoor work. The other ad—
of having games Postponed “g i vei‘sarles, with the exception of RPI,
after night. They cannot be ex-
lnt’ereSl’ State squad.

will haVe had more work than th

ure .
To State's worries of roundin

’ - c uncil
success 0f Mens Immmural 0 into shape a winning team add the

 

outlet for st?
tention has t it bilit t g t in suit
 ressonsa yoesoe‘-. I
quate cross able arrangements whereby the inclement Weather, and it can be
' games can be run off according to readily seen that the ﬁist two or
scheduleI three encounters will be nightmare
n A respite from the troubled con-

ash eran squad.

1 to "play ball."

Graduates, Extra

tion

for-
ting
10" Norman DeNeef. ‘40, manager

the intramural bowling

 

 announced the tabulation of t
W looli's filial standings.

The Grad kcglers, unable to mai
.9 taili the lead which they establish
rally in the season. finished in
first, place tie with the Extras, T

dition, however, can be found in
the existence of all almost all—vet-
Nine men. all of Whom
, . . n ? Wm chal_ have seen previous experience on
With puvmeSl Blal S l ) State's team. are awaiting the call

Head Bowling Teams

II III“ program
“ ‘ completed several weeks ago. has

 

 

This report was expounded by Mr. Cooper (speaking for FAC)
to a group of men consis
in athletics, Tuesday afternoon. Mr. Cooper
bitterness which those present evidenced toward the items.

The acidity with which the plan was received was deserved! '
effort to secure cooperation between 5
up by the FAC without asking a single student to its meetings
of student affairs by this coopera
very title which they credited D
Chairman of MAA

Ignorance

time. Was it faculty interest! ;’
(It was initiated during Coach Baker’s regime.)
ago, when MAA was deeply in need of a faculty group for advice. MAA
was unable to obtain such advice for the “FAC” was so inactive as to be
only an unobtrusive part of the background of our rabid faculty interest.
We wondered why the FAC suddenly functioned. The “answer”

is that it was called into action by President Brubacher to formulate
a policy “to secure cooperation between faculty and student." But.
8 what was the motive? Cooperation?
second meeting Tuesday afternoon.

' Smith) the letters sent by RPI and

It existed several months

(In conference with Dr.

C Let's get down to the issues themselves. The ﬁrst six delegate to
the faculty group. powers which are held by a similar group in other
colleges. "crfectly normal for colleges which finance athletics by COL-
g LEGE funds. which pay guar
prides itself in self—governmei
financing of athletics is carr

it of the studelits. and in which the entire
led out by the students themselves! The
fifth and sixth destroy the very things which MAA has obtained after
To the seventh poliit there is no objection. It is
titutlon. as the committee might have learned.

are directly contrary to

5- two years of fighting.
already in MAA's coils

Thus. as a whole. the group of resolutions
the spirit of cooperation in which they Were
faculty assume powers which they
coming from MAA. as your scribe so
of the group which offered them as
they are interested.

1/ (Wm (lll itilIltll‘litiiltH' rillriilpll
inlttee is definitely needed,

students is wanted.
might make for sports is desirable. Because fur-idly l’ll/i rest is desired.

As a result. the following letter is being considered by MAA. to be
sent. to the FAQ: l
, “In response
01 to make the following
to express its surprise l
its accompanying note.
h“ to the association to be entirely inconsistent
criimcnt that has prevailed for so long iii the
have always recognized that
responsible for what go
the business of the association
institution from ally adverse criticism.

to the makeup of the group in whlcliI

to your letter of March 24. I am instructed by MAAI
comments, First of all. ‘

   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  

ii-
ed

a
he

iii such a

  
 

  
     
      
   

 
  

  

 

 

 

Spring

the probabll

4. The FAC shall determine the rules of eligibility for all athleticICOUDCll move
the season up t

ting of MAA officials and other men interested Dorm
WES astounded by the Friday. 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock; fourteen
hours for credit.

The resolutions. which Mr. Cooper. in good faith. explained as an Helen Dagger] Mmer'
Wdents and mwmy' were draw“ Washington park courts. and lessons
for beginners in the m durln the
tlve faculty group is exhibited by the weeks beginning Apﬁl 17 ans 24I
uke Hersh in addressing the letter— Ten hours for credit

We wondered Will! the FAC had suddenly burst into life at this I I I v. I CD01“? Ngrg‘l cap-
The FAC has existed for many years. sacIIJI'ImIIlI? ezssiggﬁgecaggms “gusm
and place are to be decided upon
later.

State. from which no opportunity of defense was given.
classes.

We feel. therefore. that in spltclmOuts

Touche!

ILC. '

of MAA.

2. The constitution and by-laWs of MAA must be submitted to the Say—but A.

FAC for approval. still hiding behin
other. Because 0

tion :

Archery :

Baseball:

Tennis:

Swimming:

The ﬁrst big event of the spring
be a weekend at
scheduled for April
f you who haven't

season seems to
Camp Johnston,
I I 28-30. For those 0
01 was it” as was Oplned in 9' heard before—Camp Johnston is a
' ' spot for rest and relaxation away
Niagara making accusations against from the “gowns round of wearymg
It‘s main attractions are
lnnersprlng mattresses and lots of
wholesome food.

. . ._ are expanse of country side and a
antees, stand losses not for a college which nearby brookI equipped for shower
or bath, Frances Rlanl is chair-
man of the weekend. which will
cost $1.25.

Having rushed this far into spring
, . season. let‘s go right on through

proffeicd. By them. the I I
should not have except as concessions it")?  grillﬁldugixgrficgt £338 bggzﬁégll
cs it. They show suiprlsing ignorance IThe usual climax of the season has
been a spring banquet—more or less
Because a Faculty Advisory com- EzgllllllcuéilygrThgoyﬁxirﬁ,byf :11“? m-
Bccause cooperation between faculty alldago‘ciaﬁmon for me coming sawmills;
Because the contacts which such a committcelISuccess 01. the innovation "of me folk
lfestival has prompted many active
members of the organization — as
well as many non members—to in-
me IIIISOCWIOII ngIICII more about the possibility of another
it the general tone of the recommendation and.$13121cgﬁ‘éfvogédggi?312123321223
'The implications of this entire procedure seem u m , l  All " . 

with the policy 01. SC”._IIOII_ ie ea. )Ll Wi not attempt to
SIIIIIIIIIL IIIIsI-OCjImOII WII carry out any plan unless there s

the adiiililistl'atlon of NYSCT is finally :(I)::;L§3;)%l&iltuog\  )lllgil'szl 1.
es on in the institution. and We have conducted" 1,111'611- . ' .1 1 dL 1‘ l” 
manner as to protect tlieipd lc 01w“ a D ﬂy ﬂy newdes ‘
' ' t tennis tournaments, archery toul'na- ‘
baseball.

 

 

 

is in the air—so they
A.'s spring season is t;
d some corner or :~' '
f late snows and
lty of sloppy thaws,
d the opening date of 
0 April 17, when the 
following programs will be put into 
ac '
Isabelle Robinson. cap-
tain; Dorm ﬁeld, Monday. Wednes-
day. Friday, 3245 to 5:30 o'clock;
ten hours for credit.
Fay Scheer.
Marion Kingsley. assistant captain;

ﬁeld. Monday, Wednesday,

Minor

 

  
 

captain;

captain ;
captain ;

Time

features

an“? II I

other ﬁeld

    
  
   

 

 

 

 

r" “sunrises-aw v . ._

