 

 

mum‘s,“  _ _

 

 

 

 

e new-‘- "lbwwa “no”.

 

 

fredegrick, sou. ' 
Address Session

(Continued from page ’1, column 1)
Dr. Frank P. Graves, commissioner
of education, was toastmaster, The
climax of the evening's program was
a very effective speech on “Prepared-
ness for Peace” delivered by Senator
Gerald P. Nye of North Dakota.

Wednesday evening was a social
night with reunions and dimers for
members of the various colleges, nor-
mal schools, and fraternities repre-
lented. Over forty principals were
in attendance at State college's re-
union dinner.

NOTICES
S.C.A.

Dr. Hornell Hart, well known so-
ciologist of Duke university, will ad-
dress the Marriage commission of
the Student Christian association
next Thursday at 7:30 o'clock in the
Lounge of Richardson thall.

a 1- t

 

French Club

The French club will hold a meet-
ing in the Lounge of Richardson
hall on Wednesday, January 11, at
7:30 o’clock. A play will be pre-
sented, and refreshments will be
served. Everybody is welcome to
attend.

t O it 1
School Movies

Moving pictures of school organ-
ization and activity will be shown in
the auditorium of Page hall next
Friday at 8:00 o'colck in the morn-
ing. This program, which is being
sponsored by the education classes,
is open to all students interested.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, JANUARY 6, i939

Headlines Reveal

Year’s Events -

As News Copies Pass in Review
i

 

(Continued from page 1, column 2)
conscious. All this resulted in a
greater interest on the part of the
public in political affairs.

And one of the highlights of the
year was when Herbert H. Lehman.
governor of the state, addressed our
assembly.

Then We came to one of the most
brilliant scenes of the past season,
the sophomore soiree — with that
famed Artie Shaw and his tooting
clarinet. This king of the clari-
net is giving the old King of Swing,
Benny Goodman, a close race for
popularity in the musician's poll that
is being conducted among musicians
of New York. In fact, at this print-
ing. it was found that Shaw is lead-
ing by a close margin of six points.

Then comes across our ﬁeld of
vision the innovations that have
happened since We came to State.
First, incoming freshmen will un-
dergo a new procedure before they
enter state. They will be subjected
to interviews throughout the sum-
mer, and as a result a hand picked
freshman class greeted us in the
fall which was distinctly superior
to any that had ever entered these
portals. Now freshmen, don't sWell
up.

Then came that grand day of all.
Moving-up day, that day of jo." and
sorrow, was the climax to all the
undergrads, but to those grand old
seniors it was the end, on that last
day of June when they left these

Copyright I919. Hear: It Mun 'l'ouwo co.

1

 

sheltered portals to face the ugly
world. Success, however, has greeted
them at every turn.

After a grand and glorious vaca-
tion We returned to our alma mater
full of pep, vim and vigor, to aid
those poor suckers, the frosh, to sign}
up for Myskania, and for any of
the other activities their little hearts
desire.

Campus day is next on our list.
Yes, that is the day when competi-
tion between classes runs high, when
every class tries to make the best
impression it can upon the associa-
tion. And to top it all off, the stu-i
dents chose a queen to preside over
the activities of Campus day. The
queen we mean is Chris Ades, that
demure goddess-like beauty of the
senior class and member of the
campus leadership society, Myskania.

And as We draw close to the new
year We run across this headlinezl
“Mrs. Roosevelt to speak before thei
student assembly." People from allI
over Albany came to hear the fore-i
most woman speaker in the countryi
address the students on Armistice;
day, asking and pleading for peace;
and goodfellowship in the world. ,

 

 

Eat at John's Lunch
Dinners 25c and Up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundaes
7:30 A. M. —- 11:00 P. M.

I Opp. the High School

 

   
   

Cappiello Announces

Junior Weekend Plano
(Continued from page 1, column 2)
Cotis, Mary Koonz; chaperones,
Ruth Donnelly; decorations, Marie
Metz, chairman, Norman Arnold,
Robert Martin, Arthur Seld, Frank
Augustine, Isabel Ramel.

Committees for tea dance will be
as follows: chairman, Bob Cogger;
arrangements, Grace Cullen; music,
Bill McCracken; programs, Stewart
Smith; decorations, Louise Hessney:
chaperones, June Amacher; refresh-
ments, Luella Hess.

Committees for the annual junior
luncheon will be. as follows: chair-
man, Marjorle Baird; arrangements,
Theron Powell; speakers, Lorraine
Theurer.

 

 

 

WANTED

New Jokes or More

Exchanges
R. CUTHBERT LONSDALE,
Editor, Lion,

 

SIGN UP

NOW

For

1939
PB!)

Margaret Mattison : Ruth Lewis

 

 

 

 

 

 

Geo. l). Jconey, Prop

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

Boulevard Cafeteria
and Grill

Dial 5-1913

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

. a 72le SMOII’WG
' PZEASI/‘RE

Maize Chesterﬁeld

your New Year’s resolution
...they’ll give you more plea-
sure than any cigarette you
ever smoked.

Chesterﬁelds are better be-
cause of what they give you
—rcfrcshing mildncss, bcttcr
taste 1 nd aroma.

Clicsicriiclds arc the right
combination of mild ripc
American and urinnutic'l‘urk-
ish tohuccos— rolled in pure
cigarette pupcr.

ll 'hiw you try (how you will [mow

why (.‘hcstcijlic/ils glz’c millions of

"It'll (Hill lt’flllll'll "llll'l' Slllllli’lllg

pleusuro...w/iy’l‘l llél’ SA'l‘lSli‘l".

cstcriicld

. . . the blend that can’t he copied
. . . (1 HAPPY COMBINATION of the
world’s best cigarette tobaccos

 

 

 Lianne?
STATE coi.,,i-i:o:~:

tate College Ne

  

Foe resources. :

if \r

      

 

 

2-443

S'i'A'i‘i-z COLLEGE non TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1939

VOL. XXIII, No. 13

 

Choral Society
Will Present
hiss—Blaisdell

Candlyn to Direct Program
of Carols, Folk Songs,
Chorus by Handel

This evening, the State College
Choral society will present its an-
nual winter concert at Chancellor's
hall, beginning at 8:30 o‘clock.
Dr. T. Frederick H. Candlyn, us-
sistant professor of music, will direct
the chorus in a varied program,

Music counch i‘cgi'cis to an-
noucc that Ralph Kirkpatrick, prc—

 

 

viously scheduled to appear at to-l

night's concert, will be nimble to
c present, Sudden illness, which

Departments Attempt
No “Mid Year” Policy

Just as we were about to re-
sign ourselves to a nice long
stretch of exams and pro-stoog-
ing We ﬁnd that—lo and behold
—State starts 1939 off with a
little more innovating. This time
the faculty has decided to dis-
pense with a few examinations
and boy that's an innovation.

Certain classes in the various
departments will not have to
burn the midnight oil for their
exam has been done away with
in the course of experimentation.
Instead they will get a compre-
hensive exam in June which
will cover the entire year's work.
Whatever grade they receive will
be their mark for the entire year.
The only drawback beside the
mental strain in June is that
failures will undoubtedly have to
repeat a whole year's work.

Some of the methods which

 

has confined him to his bed, makes
his appearance. impossible,

Miss Frances Blaisdcll, flutist, will“

appear in Mr. Kirkpatrick's place as
insisting artist.

The program which the Choral
society will prcent this evening, is
as follows:

 

Carols

a. The March of the Three Kings
French

D. Noe] nouvclet ...................... .. Frcncli

c. The angels and the slicphcrds 
Czcclio-Slovukiun
d, In diilci jubiio .................. .. German
e. Hodie, Christus natus est ....Williin
The Choral Society
II

 

Frances Bluisdell
III

Folksong arrangements

a. Conic, losses and kids ...... ..Englisli

b. Nobody knows dc ti'ciible I‘ve seen
Negro Spii'iluiil

 

d. A i'ii'c ilslici' song .............. ..Scoll.isii
e. Whul. shall \Vl' do with u di'unkcn
sailor .......................... .. Scu cliunty

The Choral Society
IV
Frances Blaisdcll
V

Lei. their celestial concerts uil llllll,c
Handel
The Choral Society

The following will piii'licipuic in
thc (iOllCl‘l‘l.I

Isl. sopi'iinos: A i i c c lie Biii'i‘on,

Cullici'inc Kl'll'll, Ruth Sinovoy, .lciin

Strong, Sylviii Wciss, scnioi's; Mlll'('lil

lil‘f'Wll, Bci'nico Mlll'lllll’ll‘Vi, Dorolhy

Mcch, .lciin Mitclicll, Isobel

Ruincl, Sully Young, juniors; Eu-

are being effected this January
for the most part are interviews.
Exemptions for certain lucky
fresh who maintained an A
average in History 2 is another
novel attempt, So here's to
more progressive ideas and less
worries—we hopel

President Announces

' $9,000 Library Grant

’l‘cachers' (lolicgcs Receive
Funds for [first Time

 

 

Dr. A. R. Bi'ubacher, president. of
{the collcge, announces that the Car-
‘ncizic corporation has granted Stuie
lcollcge $3,000 a your for three years
lo purchase books for the school
library.

The grant is not to be used for
highly technical books but rather
for books of general reading.

1 Tim corporation udopicd ilils pliin
lln-cc ycurs ago when such funds
\vci‘c gi'iinlcd lo libci'ul fll'l.S collcgcs
only, Lost. your the policy of gi'iinl-
,ing lhcsc funds in icuchci's' colleges
wiis instignlcd.

‘ ’l‘lici'c iii'c twenty-four lcuclici's'
iridium: insliliilicns in llli‘ country
lliiil. will i'cccivc ilicsc grunts, which
will i'iingc from $1,000 In $9,000 for
llic ilii'cc-yciii' i)(‘l'l(i(l. ’l‘lici'c iii'c six
intuitiilions in llic notion in cm. lhc
,Iiighcsi. ill)|)l‘li|)l‘lllll0ll, ono of which
is Slulc collcgc. 'I‘lic only oilici‘
Ncw York siiiic institution llllil, will
i'ccciVi- ilic ll|)])i'l)l)l‘lilll ‘n is Onconlii
iioi'niiil, which will i'cccch $1.000 for

((loiili‘iiiicil ()il pin/c .7, column If Illll‘ llil'l‘(‘—,\'(‘lll‘ pci‘iod.

Survey Shows Cosmopolitan Boy
[3 Our Own Man About State

. em--. _ o

Nch llilh i‘ciichcd yiiiii' inquiring
i'cpoi'lci' iii, soiiicllincs docsi iiilil. llic
C(ihlllUlilllllllll miigiizinc llllH liiiiiicli-
cd u iiiiiiiin—wiilc ciimpiiign io iliiil
llic "(losiiiopiililiin Girl.“ llic cpl—
ionic lil /\|ili‘|‘ll'l|ll Womanhood, Will
now i Mil'lll no for llic iilcu inyscil,
liiil lil l'liill‘hl' l llkc lo lli‘ ilill'ci'ciii
and .‘iii 1 ilcciilcil lii hl'lll'l'll liii' llic
“Hllili‘lilllllll” iUii, iili, 'i. iiin'l llic
siiiiic lilli‘ yiiii'vc bccn looking for).
l dccidi-d lo uphold llic old imixiin
llllll ii's ii llillll'H \VUl'lll iii'lci‘ iill
woiiicii.

Ho your snooping i'cpiii'lci' li'iiil
lici'- (lying in iippciii' liilliili‘lllll
nici'i'y win iiiid liicl wiili iiiucli :.lli‘~

ccss. l'i\‘i'l',\'\\'lll‘i'l‘ l wcnl i found,

him iluiiciiii: iii llic (liiiiiiniins, ioni—

dlcliiic his cloliicx, yet, lll' iisiiiilly
looks liiiil llllll \vcll (ll'csscd. So
,‘niucii for his i)lli\\'lll'(l iippciii'iiiicc.
‘ 'l‘o llli iiiiiiicciii (llll‘h‘llllil of “who!
do you llkc in do," i won dclugcd
\\'illl lilthi‘l'h. in ('ilhl‘ yiiii‘vc \vini-
ili'l't'll uboiii his sociiibiiiiy lci mc
iiil'oi'in yiu ilic ili'st lliini: lll‘
lllllll(l‘l‘l‘(l for \Vllh (Iiincing iiiiywuy
iiiiilfs his hliil'y. chi. in liiic \\’(‘l'l‘
biilii'lﬁ, thllliillllll, skiing, l)ll‘il{l‘llilill,
iinil ping-pong bcing uppci'niosl. liiii
,liiul's only llll' bciiiiinlng, folks inin
illic bi'izinning. llc lllHll likcs buli-
M'tlhlllllh‘, iiiiisic icispccliilly swing)
bcci', i'cndiiiii, pliiyinii ciii‘ds, iiiiiiii;
oiii on (liiics, .‘illlylllH in ()ii iliilcs,
iiiid, biil of ('illii‘hl', :iiccpiiiii.

l iiiici'icd vci'y :awccliy, "Wiiiil do
,\iili liiiiik iii liii‘c iuid iiiiu'i'iiigc'i"

ml: by lili' HHIIHJUX. l'l'lii'ilf'hllii: ili"i‘o ilns l poi ll \\’lil.‘illc iiiiil ll vcrv

liic. iiuiliioi'iuiii, participating lll
spoi'is lll llic i‘..\'Iii. cinillliiii in llic
lmiiiiiic, i'cliixini', il‘i in iIic iiclivlllcii

oli'lcc, cinicciiliuiiiig ill ll‘i'llil'i‘ clusslhi, m,"

iinil lll)i'ill',\' it???)
he got lli‘lilill(ll ,

\i'iii'i'icd look. i.ii\'c lic dcclilcil in
.chli, biil inn. lilnl unicli oi ii-l liitdci'

"()iic of llii- llllil‘i' lill‘llhilill illli<
lo quolc him. As for Mill‘-

M58011. llli’. illii‘h 'iiiigc, lic l‘ccis ii is highly ilcsli'iiblc,

biu iini to bc ilioughi of iiiiiil iifii-i'

lll ciisc our of you iiiiis wnoliliciigcoflwcnly—i'ii'c.

slippcii up on lilill l'. H. and lic,
oi'lcn l‘liiillilillllh' iiiiw nciglcclcii liii's
bccn would likc ll) know what. this
(liihllllll: Lolluu'io looks iikii, iici'c
gocs. lic‘s in llic \viici'ciiiioilis, I'd
any, of twenty yours of one. round
about 5’ ll" hill, with 170 pounds
of ill‘lll iicsii covering his iictch
i'i'iunc, lie is not especially dark or
ici‘i'iliciilly handsome. but he liiis
nico clear out features and ii win-
ning personality, Esquire may not

Following in iiic siunc l,i'cnd oi
lhoiiizlii, l iiiusici'cd up enough cour-
iiiic lo iisk him wind. he thought of
line iippohllc scx and found lit! was
for 'cin. 'l‘o qiiotc from George .lciui
Nuliuiii, us he so clcvci'ly did, “I
ililiik (inc. lniclligcnt man is worth
icn parcel of bciiiiiii'ul women, but.
i‘d l'dllllll‘ spend the evening with
the bountiful women."

This, my friends, is the Man aboutl

Stale.

Friedman Lists
Debﬂhedule

Snell, Durling Open Season
with R.P.l. on Subject
of Pump-Priming

The State college debate squad
opened its 1939 season last night as

mores, debated R.P.I. in room 5 of
Richardson hall. The subject of the
debate was “Resolved, that the US.
should cease expending public funds
for the purpose of stimulating busi-
ness."

Last night's debate was the first
of a very ambitious schedule that
has been prepared by Janice Fried—
man, ‘40, secretary of Debate coun-

William G. Hardy, instructor of Eng-
lish and debate coach.

The schedule for the 1939 season
follows: February 0, Marquette,
home; March 3, l-lofstra, home; 16.
Hobart, away; Kcukn, uwuy; Elmira
away; 1'7, Rochester university,
iiwuy; Houghton, away; 27, Holstra,
away; New Rochelle, away; 30, Uni-
versity of Vermont, home. Tentative
dates have been arranged with the
following colleges: Wells, Hartwick.
Hamilton, Colgate, Bord, Niagui'ii
university at Rochester, Nazareth,
and the University of Pittsburgh.
Toward the end of April. State col-

nuul Cornell debate conference

This your the forensic squad will
concern itself with four major topics.
The majority of the debates will deal
with the subject of 'punip-pi'iming.’
I-lowcvcr, numerous debates have
been arranged on collect.ch securily,
socialized medicine. and on the ad-
visiibility of the US, adopting a pol-
icy that would pi'cvcn; ivai' cxccpl.
in the event of the actual iiivzclon
if our mainland.
und the war fillu“'i()ll iiiii'o bccn
cui'cfully studied in Llcbuic seminar.
Tilc few meetings l'L‘illlllilllh: Will be
(icvolcd in un lllVL‘Stl‘UlllUll of sociol-
lzcd inciiicinc.

 

 

P r o m (loinmiiiee
Selects Childs Band

Smiling chgic CllllilS, llic violin-
purring lllili‘Sii'f), whose famous or-
clicsii'ii is known from cousi—l.o~coii,si,
for ll.» innny l)i‘(lll(ll‘li‘\'lH ovci' llic
NBC |ll't\\’()l'l(, llllll ciigiigcincnls ill
Aiiici'icii's sniui'icil lioicls llll(l night
clubs, hiis bccn sclccicd lo \\'ll\'l‘ llic
l)lll()ll all. [his ,\'l‘lli"s .liinioi' pi'oiii,
which will llc ('llll(ll|l'li‘(l on li‘i’idny,
Fcbi'iiin'y 10. iii llli‘ Aui'iiiiiii club.

"’l‘Iic Smiling lVlilhll'i' ol' Swwl
Swing" will i'ciiiiii'c \’lil'lll inicrpolii—

 

lil us by Jimmy Di- Pullnnzi, "Porky,"
:iiizl "Pops" Ciii'ol. (‘liilils' i'ccoi'ils
llil\'l‘ hccn scciii'cd iind will hc pliiycil
during the dancing in ilic Commons.

'i‘liis pcpiiiui' oiclii'sli‘n Iuis n l'l‘llll—
llll' ])l'()i.’.l'lllll on iiii- N.li.(‘. ll‘lWiil'k
Ibciiii', ciii'i‘lcd l)\'l‘l‘ WHY in lliis ili'l‘ll,
l‘\‘i‘l'_\' Sului'diiy niglil in, 10:30
o'cli ck. 'l‘iic biiiid iniiy llllili llc liciii'd
nightly l'i'iiin Plillilili'llilllll.

()liici' iii'i‘iiniiciiiciiis l‘ci' llll' .liinliii‘
pi'om lllill \vcckcnd lll'l‘ pi'ogi'cssini;
i'iipidly undcr ilic (lli‘l‘l‘llliii of .lirscpii
(‘uppicilo, gciici'iil (‘lllill'llliilL The
work of ilic music coiiiiiiilicc lr; illi—
inlicd and Him! i'cpin'ls lli‘l‘ bcing
lll'll\\'ll up by llic l'llll‘l' groups.

'l‘lic lil‘li‘i' of bids luis lllil ycl. bccn
sci, biil dccisiiins ciiiicci'iiiiiii llllh’,
.lcciii'iiliiinx, und i‘iivi‘i's will hi on—
iiiiuiiccd iiii'ly lhiri \vcck, 'l‘lic diincc
will b.» conducch from 10:00 to 2:00
o'clock llllll iii'i'iiiiucincnis lll'l‘ now
iiiidci‘iviiy lo sccui'c lulc pci'iiiission.

Assembly “lieaiure
Student Talent Show

According to on iiiinouiicciiicni by
John Edge, ’39, pi'csidcnt of Sliulcnt
iissiiciiilion, iliis iiioi'ning's iisscmbly
program will again iciuiii'c ii parade
of siiidciit talent. Mt‘ilibin's of all
cliissi-s will take part. Betty l‘llly—
ford, ‘09, president of senior class, is
in cliiii'rlc.

The remaining part of the assem-
bly hour will be given over to busi~
ness of the Student association.

 

Louise Snell and Lee Durling, sopho- ‘

cil, under the supervision of Mr.,

lcgc will be represented ill, the un-i

‘Pump—pr‘uning'g

Dramatics Class to Give
Program of ‘One-Act Plays

 

Article By Densmore

Friends at State of Warren I.
Densmore, a member of last
year’s graduating class, president
of the Student association, and
member of Myskania. campus
leadership society, will be inter-
ested to hear that he has an ar-
ticle appearing in the January,
1939, issue of School Press Rc-
view, journal of the Columbia
Scholastic Press association,

This article consists of a
speech given by Densmore at the
Columbia Scholastic Press asso-
ciation convention in 1937, when
he was attending in the capacity
of associate managing editor of
the News. It is entitled “Mak-
ing Editorial Policy Modern,”
and gives invaluable suggestions
and helps in writing an interest—
ing and stimulating editorial,
which will appeal to the readers
and at the some time treat on
some timely subject in a con—
structive way.

Sources for editorials which he
mentioned were: new ideas, the
explanation of the significance
of events, which may not seem
ClL‘fll‘, and the instructive essay,
such as an editorial on etiquette.

Dcnsmore is new teaching
English and social studies in
East Islip, Long Island.

 

Frankfurter Wins
Forum’s Approval

if the Forum of Politics, under
the direction of Robert Coggci', '40,
has anything to soy concerning the

Supreme Court vacancy cuuscd by
the death of thc lutc Justice Cur-
(IOZII, Felix Frankfurter will be the

 

lllllll.

 

.elementary dramatics

 

TS.P.A. Journal Prints TTwo Comedies and Fantasy

Will Provide Variety
to Presentation

FUTTERER T0 DIRECT

Will Exchange Tax Tickets
on January 16 and 17
in Draper Hall

Dramatic and Art association will

present three-one-act plays, on
Tuesday, J a n u a r y 17, at 8:30
o’clock. The casts for these plays

have been chosen from members of
class. Miss
Agnes Futterer, assistant professor
of English in State college, is direct-
ing.

A comedy, a farce, and a tragic
fantasy have been chosen for pre-
sentation this year. “The Kelly
Kid," by K. Norris and D. Tothercli,
is a folk comedy dealing with Irish-
Americans in New York city. “A
Cup of Tea" by A. F. Rycrson, a
very humorous farce, deals with the
romantic escapades of a poet who
is a little indiscreet at times. The
eternal triangle is replaced in this
play by a rectangle, however, and
the results are quite amazing,

The third play will be “The Shoes
that Danced,” by Anna Hemptstcad
Branch. The sets and costumes for
this play are very beautiful and it
promises to be quite enjoyable.

I The cast for “The Kelly Kid" will
include Jeanette Evans, Amie Rat-
ti'ny, Bcali'icc Dower, Lona Powell,
William Cameron, and John Gar-
(lcplic, sophomores, and Douglas
Rector, ‘40. The cast chosen for “A
Cup of Tea," will include Francis
Cussidy, llll(l Marilyn Gi'ol'f, sopho-
nioi'is, and Catherine Smith and
Louis Fink, juniors. The cast of

appointment to the United Slntcsi'Thn Sllncs that Danced” will be

composed of Douglas Dillcnbeck.
Ernest Case, Miriam Ncwcll, Hyman

 

Meliz, Shirley Vaiiankcnburgh,
Robert Agni), .liinc l-Innl'ord, Mary

After a heated discussion at LllO'MlllOl' und Alina Knowles, sopho-
Tucsduy session of ill(' Forum, thc'nioi'cs, and Doris Slniltes, '40
[Shite politicians passed ll memorial, The following committees

have

resolution which has bccn scnl. by bccn appointed to ussisl in Hip pro-
iuii'-miill to the New York Scniuoi's ducliin of llll‘ pliiys: lights, William

iin Washington.

|Mlll(‘.l" Cllllli'lllllll, John Gai'dephe,

'l‘hc group also piisscd ii i'csoiulion Miii'y Miller, Dorothy Peak, Anne

,cpposing llio (lirch l‘cilci'iil i'clliilii-
’lion llll(l cciisoi'sliip of lll’.‘ i'ilfllO.

Iiiiilli'iiy, Chin'lotic Ritchie, Junct
,iSliui'is, Shh-icy VunViilkcnbui'gh,

’l‘hc Forum of Poliiics will con-fsnpliomoi'cs, mid Doris Shiillcs, ‘4');

|(llll'i, i'cguliii' piincl

(lixciiicziolix sols,

Huilic Conkliii, chairman,

iln'iiughoiil, the Cillllllll disli'ici bc- Lydiii Bond, Bl'lllJ‘lCl‘ Dower, qun-

,I'iii'i- clubs and Oi'guiiiznlions, wilh'cllc

l.liinii~ l’i'll'llfllllll. “10, us li‘ll(ll.‘l'.

Eviins. Ellcn Hurley, Vivian
i('iiiilliill('ll on [my/c 1,, ('r)llliliii 1,)

’Ever- Versatile State Students
Will Aid in Lie-Detector Tests

"You're ii iln'ty lllli', you iiiiliicii
,pig!"

All this ll)-(l.’) iiboiil. pi'c\'iii'lc:ilioii
which has bccn running i'iiinpiini
through ilii- hulls (luring llic \Vcck is
l.lic i'cnull. ol' llic psychologiciil cx-
ln'l‘iilli'llih‘ ciiiploying ii lic—dclccior
bcing conduclcd by in. Kil‘ht'lilll'i'll,
of lhc Ni'W York liui'ciiu of Cl‘lliillilll
lll\'l‘.‘~llll.’,ililllll. ’l‘hc i‘xlli'l'lllll‘lllh‘ will
bc cciucrcd iihoui iivcniy-iivc Siiilc
scniiii's who liiivo voliiniccrcd lo iici
iis guinea pigs in on iiilcinpl. iii
iind Lilo li'illll iiboiii lying.

Al. illl,‘ melding of ilic i'csciu'cii
imisiunis on Wl‘lllll‘.‘(lll,\’, ili'.
Allcn llicks pi'cscnlcil l)i‘. Kirsch-
bci'ii, as Well as Miijor Juuics
Wiii‘nci', Siipci‘inlcniicnt of Siiiio
l’iilliui, lili's’i‘libcl‘g li)l(l the Sill-
dcnis that lit! liiiil been conducting
cxpci'iincnls on tho “not-so—whiic“
group criminals of llli‘ lowest type.
and that llll now wislics io experi—
ment on ii different class of subjects,

The volunteers will be token to
police laboratories in Schcnccliidy by
State Troopers where Dr. Klrsclibui-g
will conduct a series of “mock

 

to disclose the "dirty culprit.”

'l‘lic lic (li‘lcciin' opci'nli'x oil the
,‘pi'incipiii liiiu wlicn lllc subjch is in
llic suite of emotional stress such

u ,i l v, , , ,- , nil ' I
“hos duly, you lilllil (“lull/ll. .“h “Pvmmwms Wm“, m0“, is an

‘llll‘l'l‘llM‘ lll pci'spii'iilion. Elcciiodos
lli‘i' iiiiiichcd lo ilic piilins of the
jsiispcci, and us ii sci'ics of qiicslions
;urc iiskcd, iiic (ll‘ll‘(‘l(li‘ records on a.
graph the ili'lli‘cc oi' llt‘l‘Hllli’iiilUil ex-
lmdcii i'i'oin iiic pulms.

Kii'm'libci'g cxpliilncd ill the mcct—
iiiii iiiiil iis liic lic is i'cpciilcil the
llilc on the graph bccomcs lilt‘l‘l‘llS-

dimly ioiiiici'. whilc llil‘ line for true

i
i‘l'liili' lo bc
v bci'g suggcstcil llic following oil‘cnsc.

 

i

 

iiiiswcrs bcciiincs shorter.
As llll cxuinplc of ilio type of
coininiiicd, Kirsch—

\Vliilc onc subjch is i'ciidliig in his
study, iiiioilici' siuiicni will siciii 25
from lhc dcsk drawer in tile room.
The iiiici‘ will lt‘lth‘ lllz‘ room and
give the "loci" to an accomplice. A
fourth member will be unmvurc of
the crimewor ihc criminals. With
iroopcrs brimming over in the labor-
atory all four suspects will be
readily apprehended and subjected
to the uncrring grueling of the lie
detector.

The tests will be stuffed in Feb-

ci‘iines” and pseudo “third i‘lcgi'ocs" r ii ii ry following the “emotional

stress" of mid-years.

 

 

