 
  

 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
    
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
   
 
   
    
  
   
  
  
    
   
    
   
 
 
     
 
 

 

 

 

 

gage 2 -

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 10, 1939

 

 

“STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office. 5-9373; O’Hara, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzl. 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV

National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publisher: Reprexentnliuc
420'MAOIeoN Ave. New YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' BOSTON ' LOI ANGILII ' SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD

JEAN STRONG  ....... .. Editor-in-C'hief
EDGAR B. O’HORA .. Oo-Editor-in-Ohief
ROBERT E. HERTWIG ........................ .. Managing Editor
Orro J. Hows  .. Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. KOWALSKY .. Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. YOUNG  Associate Managing Editor
VlC’l‘ORlA A. Bu.zx .. ....... .. Business Manager
JOAN M. BYRON  Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CAsrichE  Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF
Charles Franklin  .. . ..   . Men's Sports Editor
Betty Clark ,   . Women’s Sports Editor
William Ryan  ,. Assistant Sports Editor
Joseph Bosley

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

Feature Editors
Saul Greenwald Charles Walsh

Associate Editors
Albert Architzel, Charles Ettinger, Joyce Maycock,
J. Edmore Melanson. Alice Bartlow.
Robert Cogger

Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager ......... ..  Harriet Sprague
Assistant Advertising Manager . . Kenneth Haser
Assistant Circulation Manager .............. .. Mary Gabriel

ISSUE EDITORS

Otto J. Howe
Leonard E. Kowalsky
Sally E. Young

All Work and No Play—

Tonight the juniors are welcoming in a
new semester of social activities with
Junior Prom. Monday we heralded a new
semester of school activity with the resum-
ing of classes.

Each of these events has its own signifi-
cance and importance. Each represents a
phase of college life that goes toward mak-
ing better teachers and citizens of us.
Neither one can be wholly successful with-
out the other, for it is the combination that
ﬁts us for our places as teachers in a varied
society.

 

 

 

 

 

Assistant Sports Editor ,

 

Junior Suggestions

Commentstater
Twice a year there comes to the students of this
college a period of utter confusion and hopelessness.
These times of the year are the days preceeding the
beginnings cf the new semester. The need, at this
time, for second hand books is intensiﬁed because
Of the lack of adequate facilities for handling Of the
second books that are floating around the school.

A majority of the students have second hand books
to sell, and so they place the names of the books they
wish to sell upon some yellow sheets on the bulletin
board next to the News office, hoping that the buyers
will discover their advertisements, How is it possible
for the buyers to ﬁnd any of the books they need when
the titles are slapped on these sheets in a haphazard
manner? NO one can ctcr iind the books that he is
looking for.

As a suggestion to some enterprising student—
why not set up a second hand exchange to which
students can bring all their second hand books to be
sold? At the same Lime iluu clucrpi'islng student
can make a nominal commission on the transaction.

 

 

 

 

A in r 4:

although it is a rather tardy subject for considera—
tion, The women's problem has been alleviated con-
siderably by the erection of the Alumni Residence halls,
and now the question of a men‘s dormitory comes
up for consideration.

In our ramblings about the campus, We have dis-
covered that directly opposite Huested hall on Western
avenue is a huge mansion advertised for sale. Our
ﬁrst glance at this building reminded us of the men's

! The housing problem at State is still on our mind
l

, dorm proposition and we immediately investigated.

The building is large. sturdy, red-brick building set

' Well back from the road, and. as far as we can see

Tonight we’ll go to Prom—we’ll meet,
‘ lege of hearing Mrs. Mlldrcd Graves Ryan. ’26, at

and mingle with the faculty and guests, as
well as with our own friends and their
friends. When We go home, We’ll know
that we’ve done more than just to dance
with our partner of the evening—we’ve
been meeting people in other than a pro-
fessional way and furthering our social
education. This is important to the teacher

in developing personality. ()ur marks, ‘41- .

though they might be all A’s, can not do
this for us.

Now we come to the other event, the
importance of which must be realized—the
beginning of the new semester, We know
that school lessons and good marks are
important, for every professional man or
woman must have adequate t‘uiniug in the
chosen field. It is only right that we should
do our lessons carefully and coi’iscicntious-
ly—-—Wo don’t need to be ‘stoogcs' to get
ahead.

We. know that the proper social atti-
tude, good marks, adaptability, and teach-
lng skill are all necessary to us. Ilow can
we achieve the workable combination of
these things? By learning the secret of

concentration on the thing at hand and

striving to reach and keep “le justc milieu”
-——the happy medium.

We know it’s possible, and we're wish-
ing you all a happy and successful year,
the best in every way.

would make a very suitable dormitory for the men.
Renovations and repairs, of course. would have to
be made, but this point is too minor for considera-
tion here.

Whether this suggestion is practical remains to
be seen, but we urge the Alumni association or those
Of authority to look into the matter.

 

Appointment Bureau

 

 

There will be a meeting on Thursday. February 23, ‘

at 3:30 o'clock in room 20 of Richardson hall for a
discussion of the questions presented yesterday, by the
Ethle committee, at the general meeting.

On Thursday, there will be a general meeting
of all seniors and graduate students at 3:30 o‘clock
in room 20 of Richardson hall. The subject to be
discussed is "Letters of Applicatlon, Inquiry, and Fol-
low-up."

Seniors and graduate students will havo lhc privi-

3:30 o’clock. Thursday, March 2, in the auditorium
of Page hull. Mrs. Ryan will speak on "Clothes and
Personality," In conjunction with Mrs. Ryan's address,
the members cf the student committee will act as
models demonstrating good taste in clothes for "the
first day of school" and “social functions of the
school."

Scniors and graduates are cxpcctcd to attend and
umlcrgraduatcs are extended a cordial invitation,

Saturday, March 4, has been set as u tcntntivc ,

dntc for a round table discussion by high school prin-
cipals of the neighborhood. They wlll discuss “What
I look for and expect to find in a beginning lcnchcr."
As a conclusion to thls scl'lcs of meetings. we are
planning a group of mock intcrvlcws. The date of
this meeting will be announced lulcr.
., a r» 1
Notices of I‘ncctlngs called by the Appointment bu-
rcuu will be found on the bulletin board of thc gradu-
atc study room and on the llllllll bulletin board In
the Rotunda of Draper hall.
0 1‘ J 41
Studcnts who have bccomc mcmbcrs of the N.E.A.
may rcccivo their copy of thc N.l!l.A. Journal withln
two (lays of Lhc dutc of their arrival, which will be
poslcd on lhc bulletin board. Clll‘(‘l( your nulnc from
tho list in Room 121A whcn you lllkc your copy.
0 Iv s t
Folders of crcdculluls, upon rcoucsl. will llc scnt
to places whcrc you ul'c applying lor u posllloll.

vu 'nncy.

Any tlmo you receive your rccommcndnllon from
the Appointment blu‘cnu, you may bc assured lhut
your crcdcl’lllnls have been scnt to the hiring ol'l'lcc.

Folders of crcdcntluls will be sent to commer-
cial ugcncles upon request of the agency.

4 0| 4 Q

In handbook 24 the president of the board is
listed on the left and the principals name on the
right. Schools are listed alphabetically by the name
of the school.

Schedule curds will be available Thursday in the
outer offlcc. It is imperative that seniors fill out
the room number of all classes and where they may

 

be located chry vacant period in the week

Folders will he .5an only whcn you are surc lhci‘c is u

Juniors Conduct

Annual Affair

(Continued from page 1, column 5)
Gabriel, and Fay Scheer; programs
and bids. Virginia Mitchell, chair-
man, Lillian Rivkind. and Elizabeth
Clark; chaperones, Ruth Donnelly;
invitations, Paul Sapolsky. chair-
man. Rose DcCOtis. and Mary
Koonz; decorations, Marie Metz,
chairman, Norman Arnold, Robert
Martin. Arthur Scld, Frank Augus-
tine, and Isabel Ramel; flowers and
taxis, Doris Saunders: arrangements
for queen, Janice Friedman. chair-
man, Alice Bartlow. and Elma Smith.
Juniors and their guests who will
iattcnd Prom include:
‘ Stewart Smith, and Fran Nial;
Alma Dciseroth, and E. M. Bevil-
nsqun. R.P.I.: Adeline DeCarlo. and
Louis DeLalla, R.P.I.; Helen Lan-
huh, and Daniel Roe, Union; Helen
Provost, and Chancellor Reed,

 

 

Pharmacy; Bernice Martowicz, and.

Francis Williamson; Eleanor Groll,
and Bill Baker. '35.

Stanley Kullman and Marion Kos-
bob, College of St. Rose; R. E. Fair-
bank, and Betty McConnell, ‘39;
Joseph McKeon, and Janet Mont-
,‘fort; Evelyn Patchin, and John
‘Ellis, Springvillc; Lisa chnsson, and
,lAlexander King. Willsboro: Violet
Ray, and Ingvar chnsson, Spring-
‘ville; Theron Powell and Jean
‘Lowne, '42; Joseph Cappiello. and

Ruth Donnelly; Phillip Sullivan, and ,

 

Kampus

Kapers

 

 

 

“Promenade” is a French word.
When used as a verb, it means walk;
as a noun it means an excursion
or pleasure trip. Pleasure-tripping
tonight will be the junior lads and
lassies, plus many other guests,
alums, and faculty. One of the
quintuplets who are the quintes-
sence of Junior queenllness will be
crowned by Regina Murphy. last
year’s queen. We say Off-hand they
are running neck and neck, and
,which neck will hold the head that
holds the crown We dare not pro-
'phesy. . . , We are being optimistic
about Reggie, Violins and sym-
phonies are a good combination, and
it Reggie suppresses his violin per-
haps our optimism will not be un—
warranted. . , , The advertising com-
mittee deserves a good deal of credit.
There is little doubt there is going
to be a Prom—at least all those
“who can read know it. Outside of
,lhe many attractive posters, how-
lever. the juniors have been strange-
lly silent about it all. . . . We know
that You and the Night and the
Music will be a big success,

‘ Sophomore Scoop
This is the junior issue but the

 

l

Doris Parizot; Robert Cogger, and‘sophcmorcs have earned, by their

Audrey Connor; Ann Prahler, and
lRobert Lane, R.P.I.; John Shearer,

‘sagacity. a few lines. . . . To call
them birds is controversial, but

and Lydla Bond, '41. 3Lhel'c is no doubt that thcy are

l Marjorie Baird, and Edward
I‘Bromley, ’38; Louise Hessney. and
S. Hessney; Maria Genova, and
Walter Provost; Haskell Rosenberg.
land Ann Barclay. Skidmorc; Leon-
ard Kowalsky and Pauline Bron-
stein, '42; Otto J. Howe, and Lor-
irnine Smith; Cecile Pockross, and
jIrving Sorkind, Union; Norma Wells,
land Al Marson, Colgate; John Wal-
‘den, and Kay Adams, '39; Gordon
.Pcattie, and Doris Shultes; Ruby
1Stewart. and Jack Andrews, Sche-
fncctady; Jane Barrett, and J. Lan-
jgcrson; Janice Friedman. and Stan-
;ley Smith, ‘41; John Newstead, and
,Betty Sherwood, '39; Lloyd Kelly,
jand Betty Parrott, ‘41; Louis Fran-
,lccllo, and Shirley Kyle, '42,

l

 

State
of
Affairs

_.__- C. E. W.

Not so long ago a group of West
Virginia collcglans tln'caicncd lo
"‘brcnk oll' relations with Germany."
The (llctaphcnic units that pass for
the German press vented their wrath
in a \vcalth ol‘ cablcgrnmmatic
nbusc. But, We gct u kick out of thc
collcgc boys‘ nnswcr~part of which
chtr~”A country that bans Mickey
Mouse and Donald Duck obviously
lacks humor.“

4 s A: A

And it looks as though \vc'rc in
for a bit of a blow in this war hosi—
hcss. With it l'orclgn pollcy that
‘l'hicluntcs from day to day, and an
oycr-cnlhusinstic buildup for Amor-
lcnnlsm, conditions arc gclling close
In What We rulhcr imagine they
Wcrc long about 1915-16. Thosc
‘psych profs, who toll about. rcllcxcs,
lund how pcoplc who burn ihcir
lingcl's don't play Willi lll'c again.
had bctlcr got lo Work with Johnny
lQ, Public. [1 isn't. going to do
,onc bit of good to sit down ullcr
n (ll‘Cllll'llllUll of war and say 7"l'm
u Pucli'lsl" You can‘t. opposc wur
durng u slulc of wur ll's lrcnson.
’l‘hc lunc to do your kicking is right,
‘now but bc ('ul'clul bclorc you hurl
any mcnlul bombs into it already
uddlcd public. ‘

Vln n (:ollcgc uch scl'vlcc bullo-
ltin, \Vc lound lhc stutcmcnt tluu‘
"Wars urc fought—and won-lnl
:lllllhls of lllc pcoplc before tho llrsl‘
lurxny bcgins lo munocuvor." 'l‘hluk
llhut ovcr. 'l‘lnnk u. over, we say. and
*lhcn answer this question—-~

“Why light at all?”

t 'I 4‘

 

 

 

ﬂ

Our own Forum of Politics stood
not lllOllu in its approval of Frank-
furtcr to the Supreme Court bench.
Wc hcin- that at Texas Tech, oncl
punnlug editor nearly burst his
typographical reserves with the
head]lne~—"Frankfurter-Hot Dogl”

early. Isham Jones is the particular
worm they booked for Soph Soiree.
Nice going. . _ , And while we are
about it—thc president of the soph-
omore class has a you for stoogiug
that is remarkable, He should be
more considerate of those l'lighty
socialitcs that have things better
than books to do. and not call a
class meeting on Monday the thir-
tcenth.

The Greeks have a word for it. . ..
Beta Zeta formally initiated Bclty
Pritchard, Jeanette Parker, and

1Doris Dygcrt, all of '41, Monday

night. At Delta Omega, Miriam
Tick. and Mary Koonx. juniors, Wcrc
received into lull membership, Alpha
Rho rcccntly pledged Alice ’l'holnus,
-ll.

Emily Post \vrotc 21 book oncc, and
she called it Ellqucllc, Docs lllc
Dorm have a copy? It hCL’llls that
at Open HflllHL‘ lust chk some
Siena boys [with due respect Lo our
State menu out-cuL State lilloWs un-
til they wear almost cut out. The
Dorm girls \ycrc surpriscd. uhcn
lhcy formally ulvilcd [llc Slcun \lh-
llors Lo lcu\’c, lo lind thcy luul bccu
.oruuilly un'ucd.

Wiulcr Sport

’lhc Wculhcr has luruishcd plany
of (mlmruuuly for thosc who like
\yinlcr and sports. Therc sccms to
bc a lot of good skates among the
.~.tudcnls. Norm Lcyy fell down Wlulc
picking up a girl who lcll down,
so shc picked him up, which “‘llS
nicc, Wasn‘t it? . . , , Somc like
Ioboggunmg, too. We cuuglu Kclly
all ulonc one day hcndlng toward
lhc Municipal (loll Coursc. drug—
giug u Loboggnn bchind lum, I’l‘hc
girl lricnd look it bum Murph and
Van Etlcn lricd [be some llnng.
only the girls were on lhc Ioboggun.
Wc lu'ur Chi 5114 is having it slclgh-
rulc Saturday night, unlcss ol ncccs-
suy it is u llll,\-l'lll('. Didn't Mys—
kunln go on onc of [how oncc?

llurtwu-k comes to Albtu llus
Il‘l‘lduy nlghl bcl'ol'c l’l'olu, ’l‘hcy lll'lf
lhc musical lads, We hcur Inulbc
lhcy‘ll comi- l,o ploy bull and :.I:ly
Io (luncc, (lucss lhcy'll huyc Io. ll‘
sludcnts go to From lhcy cun'l, no
lo lhc game, and ylcc vcrsu, which
1:. tough on buskclbull fun.» Woo
lllil‘ Lo duncc. Which ln‘lllgi. up Ihc
old ([lluh‘llull» ouc l'l'l‘lllllll, is hurdly
long cnough lo pcrmu king two
birds with onc slouc, 'l‘hcrclorc,
Why?

All lnlcs huvc an cnd, and so
Willl this. lint below we cud our
full! r-thc Actlvlllcs oll'lcc lllih l.‘()llll.‘
into its own again. A summary it
is lor those with kcys bul uwlully
lonesome. . . , McKoon and b‘nu-
mons, when in a 'l‘lghl. ll‘ix, know
how to get out. They found them—
selves without pecuniary resources
while in New York last chkcnd,
so they drew upon mcnlul rcsourccs,
Or isn't washing dlshcs for three
hours mental? . . , Nothing sncrcd
to the scnlors. Maybe that's why
Myskuniu ls clean—up committee for
Senior banquet.

 
 

As our contribution to the Junlor
Weekend, We, the junior members
of the NEWS board. present this
special edition with rotogravure sup-
plement.

It has been a distinct pleasure to
compile this issue and We Were glad
to assume the responsibility. We
also wish to take this Opportunity
to thank the other junior and sopho-
more membcrs of the News staff
for their cooperation,

We dedicate these few pages to
the class of 1940 in the hope that
lhcsc few pages may serve as a me-
ulcnto of Junior Weekend.

 

 
 
   
     

 

 
    
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    

 

llcic uic lhc inc boilun oi [lu-
clzm oi Ill-lo who im- uspnlng lo the
Mud llil'Ulii- oi Junior Prom (.euccn.
’l'lu‘. :m- tlop ruihll Mary Arndl;
‘ll'll Illllt‘ll liloisc llm'lmnun: Iccn
[I‘ll liorolhy l‘rilclmrd; lrurhl ccn~
ll'll Ituliy Slcwui‘l: llli'M'l‘ ll'lll .Iunc.
H. “'llsoll.

  
 

   

  

   
 

