w. “"i‘".':3"hll¥f‘

<  mswmnmmWE‘I

 

 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEUIiI NEWS, MAY

 

26. 1939

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; Howe, 2-4314; Kowalsky,
2-1243; Young, 2-9761; Gabriel, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

1 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV

National Advertising Servrce, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative
420’MAoisoN Ave. New YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' BOSTON ' L05 AlulLIl ' SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD
LEONARD E. KOWALSKY    Editor-in-Chief
OTTO J. HOWE  . Co-Editor-in-Ghief
SALLY E. YOUNG  ..  . . Managing Editor
BEATRICE Downn  , . Associate Editor
STEPHEN KUSAK  .. . Associate Editor
JOHN MURRAY ..... .. .  ..  . Associate Editor
SAUL GREENWALD  .. . .  News Editor
BETTY CLARK ..  .. ,.  Sports Editor
MARY GABRIEL  Business Manager
KENNETH HASER Advertising Manager

THE NEWS STAFF
JAMES MALONEY .. . Men’s Sports Editor
FRANK AUGUSTINE Assistant Sports Editor
ARNOLD ELLEmN .. Assistant Sports Editor

JUNIOR BUSINESS STAFF
Ralph Clark. Beth Donahue, Miriam Newell, Evelyn

Olivet, Betty Parrott.
SOPHOMORE BUSINESS STAFF

Edward Colmar, Madeline Grunwald. Robert Leifels.
Paul Merritt, Ruth Nelsen, Allen Simomns.

 

 

 

 

lneunt Novi

And now it is our turn. For two years we have
made our contribution to every issue ~~ writing
stories, pondering over headlines, proofreading, com-
posing editorials, and, most fascinating of all, do—

 

garewells

 

 

 

Commentstater
Commentstater ‘40 accepts the position vacated by
his illustrious predecessor. He and the new board
wish to express their thanks to the '39'ers for the
work they have done. cooperation they have given,
and hope they will continue their educational growth
both in the teaching ﬁeld and in the newspaper world.
The teaching profession has need of such leaders as
you, and it will be enhanced with the prestige that
you will add. 1939. we. the new board, salute you!

ll: 4' ill II'

 

To the outgoing seniors, future leaders of our state,
we extend our most cordial wishes for an early ful-
fillment of your ambitions. Graduation should not be
an end for you but a beginning in a new and harder
place, the world. Don't let it frighten you. You. and
many thousands of college students throughout the
country are graduating this month and next. People
throughout the nation are looking up to you—you
who are the potential leaders of a new generation—
to help them ﬁnd a way out of strife and hate which
threatens to engulf the world in another war. You
have it in your power to inculcate the youngsters
under your guidance with the spirit of democracy. to
help them find themselves in this world of economic
strife. Don't Shudder, seniors, lift your heads high~
go forth to your new positions in society and carve
a niche for yourselves in the world.

t 0= 4 3F

In the short space of a single day. thc jolly juniors

 

have been transformed into grand old seniors. The
seniors have handed down the traditional burden and
have placed it upon their youthful shoulders. Practice
teaching awaits the class of '40 when they return
from their diverse occupations over this summer. Milne
high, with all its trials, is ready to challenge the best

I in them, to test their abilities as future teachers. So,

'40. your future lies in Milne high.
e m a: a
One last plug before the NEWS year officially
ends. Seniors. you who have not pledged your
financial support for the proposed dormitory—pledge
now. Pledge as much as you can and pay it when

 

ing the make-up. Eagerly we have looked forward
from promotion to promotion until the time when ,
we could take up the reins. Now that time has
come, and it is with a pleasant sensation that we
grasp our pen to write these thoughts.

To our very recent predecessors we say good-
bye, and wish you at least as much good luck and ‘
success as you have enjoyed at the helm during the
past year. You have set a journalistic goal for us
which will be difficult to attain. ‘

We look forward to a year of service, a year of
gratifying endeavor, and a year of satisfaction to
you. The ideas of our editorial policies may dif-
fer from yours, but we hope to meet upon the com-
mon ground of compromise. lneunt novi. and we
do so to carry on with undying effort.

N. S. F. A. Suggests

The delegates to thc N.S.I’.:\. conference con-
ducted three weeks ago have brought back one idea
which would be very much to the advantage of this
college to put into practice. We are referring to
the setting up of a faculty—student committee to
regulate and plan social :lclivilios for the entire
ensuing year.

Such a committee, as we soc it, would have two
functions. One would l)(,' to plan the social calendar
for the year, arranging for dances, obtaining speak—
ers for assemblies and tons, and provoniing conflicts
in the date of events. The second function would
be to rcguluic and equalizo the year's social pro-
gram, filling in gaps bciwcon ihc major t‘Vl'lllri with
suitablo activities attractive to all.

The past your has been moro than ample proof
of the need of such a committee. The schcdulo of
Some wockcnds has boon so crowded lhnl adcqunto
support of lhom was impossible, while other week
ontls have bccn practically barren of social activity.

Student council has the initiative to provide for
such a committee. The extant faculty committee
on student affairs, augmented by two or three under—
graduates, could well servo in this capacity. Hero
is a challenge to the newly-oloctcd student adminis-
tration to perform its first constructive measure of

 

the new year.

 

you can, Ten years is a long time off. This is
your last opportunity to help the college that has
given you a liberal education.

 

Communications

 

 

To the Editors:
Friday in Assembly the following resolution will
be presented for consideration of the student body.

If you can print this in your columns. I am sure it .

will facilitate its discussion.

WHEREAS both the Lion and the Echo can be
improved.

WHEREAS improvement cannot be made under
the present set-up because of separation of funds
and talent,

WHEREAS by consolidation a saving of $450.00
can be made, be it resolved:

1. That the Lion and Echo I)(‘ consolidated.

2. That for the first year tho consolidated
magazine be co-stuilcd by the prosan board of the
Lion and the Echo on an equal basis,

3. That the new magazine be published quart-
crl .

4. That $850.00 be appropriated for the new
magazine.

Will the new magazine be better than the combined
contributions of both the Lion and Echo? Yes. First.
the Echo and the Lion are both too conscious of the
othcr's field and lean over backwards in an effort to
keep from infringing on each other. The valuable
middle road of lltoruturcwwcll written yet humorous
or satirical inutorinlwls left untouched. Socolnl, tho
stuff organization of the consolidated muguzlno will
be more efficient. Writing on this point in tho last
issue of tho lt'l'ho, Gordon Rand says, “The adminis—
trative and oroutiVo slrongth available for publication
work in State college ls damaging divided at tho
proscnl, Limo. Neither magazine has a largo enough
personnel to do tho job right. What is more discour-
aging, nolthor magazine is organized for oil'oclivo co-
opcrution. Combnu-d, lho tWo bourds, orgonlzod
oompctitlvoly, would produco ulllplo mulorinl for ouo
magazine. ltmponsibllily would Ill' rounonubly dlvidod,
Undorclassmon would work for promotion, roliovo
limo-crumpod upper clusmnon. it works for the News.
it can Work for u muguzlnc.” By putting all our on~
orgios into one muguzino, Wt: will turn oul. u bottcr
publication in which all good mutoriul run he usod.

The most Illicl'oslllll,’ l’onlnro is (but this run bo
dono with it $450.00 saving. in tin-so Limos of budget
cutting, a justified saving will be welcomo to us all.
it tho assembly so dosiros, this money con be turnod
over to the [ml which is sadly in need of it. Suron
it would be both-r to invest this money lil something
we all want rather than continua spending it on some-
thing with which fow nro entirely satisfied.

We hch tulkod consolidation for yours.
by it.

Now lL-L'“

v

Respectfully yours.
'l‘om Laverne, '30.

Agncllo, '41.

Clubs Announce
1939-40 Officers

Mary Trainor Heads S.C.A '
Robert Martin Will Aid
During Next Year

 

 

The following organizations have
elected their officers for the year
1939-40.

S.C.A.: president, Mary Trainer,
'40; vice-president, Robert Martin.
'40; secretary, Alice Parker, '42; and
treasurer. Ada Parshall. ‘41.

French club: president, Mildred
Sclden. '40; vice-president. Clarence
Olsen, '41; secretary, Beatrice Mar-
ashinsky, ’41; treasurer, Roy Som-
mcrs, ’42; and reporter, Virginia
Thomas. '42.

International Relations club:
president, Sadie Flax, '40; vice-
president, Geraldine Ewing. '40; sec-
retary. Lec Durling. '41; treasurer.
Anthony Sardisco. '41; and corres-
ponding secretary. Dorothy Johnson.
‘41.

Spanish club: president, Leslie
Gerdts, '41; vice-president, James
Snovcr. ‘41; secretary, Helen Miller.
'41; treasurer. Walter Danilewlcz.
'40; and reporter, Marjorie Tims.

Mathematics club: president.
Theron Powell, '40; vice-president.
Harold MacGregor. '40; secretary.
William chant. '41; and treasurer.
Charlotte Crosby. ‘40.

Commerce club: president, Ros-
well Fairbanks, '40; vice-president,
Florence Gcbe, '40; secretary, Lois
Game, '40; and treasurer. Carl Mar-
otto, ‘42.

Com-Forum: editor. Otto J. Howe,l
’40; associate editors, Florence Gebc
and Bernice Bishop, juniors; pub-
lication. John Ludwig, '40, Muriel
Howard and Lena Drapalski, sopho—
mores. and Carl Mai-otto. '42; art
cdltor. Audrey Connor, '40.

German club: president, Mary
Arndt. ‘40; vice-president, Lothur
Schultzc. '42; secretary, Anne Lom-
nitzcr. '40; and treasurer. Leo Gil-
adett. ‘42.

Italian club: president, John Cara-
lnia, '40; vice-president. Josephine:
Autilio. ‘41; secretary. Anthony Sar-‘
disco. '41; and treasurer, Eugene»

 

Appointment
Bureau

All seniors and graduate students
interested in securing a. teaching
position for 1939-40 are asked to
leave their summer addresses and
telephone numbers on thcir schedule
cards in the Appointment bureau of-
:IICC.

 There will be a short but impor—
.tant junior class meeting Thursday
lat 4:30 o'clock in room 20 of Rich-
lardson hall. The purpose of this
lmccting is to acquaint all juniors
‘with the procedures of the Appoint-
ment bureau.

The following students have re-
ceived positions according to an an-
nouncement made by Paul Bulgcr:
Clcmcnt Wolff, ’39, social studies
and English, Otcgo; Virginia Strong,
'39. connnorcc at Avoca; Margaret
Hora. '30, history, French. and li—
brary, Oswcgutchic; Olivc King, '30,
Latin and French, (’iormantown;
Ruth Cowoll, grud, rcl‘oronco librar-
ian at Carnegie librury in Pitts—
burgh; Konnclh Holmes. '39. science
at Clinton Hoights; Elizuboth Phil-
pott, grad, librarian at Pearl River;
Normun Murray. grad, science at
(h'oohsport; Wullor Schoouborn.
grad, sclcnoo at Rod Ilook; Mclbu
ll'ox, grad. English and library nt
(Inmpbt-ll; Pulrlcin l'lnusloy. '30.
Jlllllol‘ high school English at Top-
por Luko; .losoph Cllllcl', '30, coin—
morco at York.

 

 

 

Student Workers to Get

Socnal Security Number

Studonls who wil' work during the
Hlllllllll‘l' \lii'lllltlll or who may li‘lth.‘
school and color luminous or indus-
try should m-curo u Soclul Scourin
ucrounl numbor. Applloulioim for
ucrounl llllilllll‘l'h nluy bo .‘il‘tflll'iftl
from uny olnployl-l' and should bo
shill. lo Illll'l'llll ol ll‘odoi'nl Old-Ago
Iiollolllb, 00 l-iluto Stroot, Albany.

Under the Social Socurity Act ull

Sororities Name
Officers Elected

For Coming Year

At Final Meetings Designate
New Sorority Leaders
for Year ’33-’40

 

At their last meetings of the year,
sororities conducted their elections

of officers for 1930-40. Following
are those selected:
Delta Omega: president, Betty

Clark, '40; vice-president, Helen
Roickle. '40; treasurer, Janet Bu-
sackcr. ’41; secretary. Miriam Tick,
'40; corresponding secretary, Mar-
jorie Tims. '42.

Kappa Delta: president. Norma
Wells, '40; vice-president, Marjorie
Baird, '40; treasurer, Grace Moon,
'41; secretary, Lona Powell, '41; cor-
responding secrctary, Barbara Fer—
rce, '41; critic, Janet Montfort, '40;
chaplain, Helen Blake. ’40; marshals.
Armcdc Black and Mary Klein,
freshmen.

Psi Gamma: prcsident, Ruth Don-
nclly, '40; vice-presidan. Florence
Przyborowska. '40; secretary, Flor-
ence Gebc. '40; corresponding sccrc-
tary. Marcella Sacket, '40; steward-
ess, Marion Walker. '40; marshals.
Marjorie Gaylord and Marie Cramer,
freshmen.

Chi Sigma Theta: president. Alice
Brown. '40; vice—president, Rita Sul—
livan. '40; treasurer, Katherine Hoch,
'41; secretary, Elizabeth Donahue,
'41; corresponding secretary, Eleanor
3:00. ‘40; reporter, Margaret Furcy.
Alpha Epsilon Phi: president. Fay

Scheer, '40; vice-presidan. Doris
Grossman, '41 ; treasurer. Estelle
Englehart, ’41; secretary, Miriam

Shapiro, ‘40.

Gamma Kappa Phi: president,
Frances Field, '40, vice-president,
Dorothy Prltchard, ’40; treasurer,
Betty Parrott. '41; secretary. Harriet
Spraguc. ‘40; corresponding secre-
tary. Esther Lane. '40; marshals.
Ethel Appleton and Marion Duffy.
freshmen.

Bctu Zeta: prcsident. Geraldine
Thompson. ‘40; vice—president, Luella
Hess. '40; treasurer, Doris Saunders,
'40; secretary, Hattie Conklin, ’41;
alumni secretary, Dorothy Mix, ’41;
chaplain. Eloise Hortmann. '40;

 

imarshuls, Shirley Kyle and Dorothy

Mclsaac. l‘rcslnncn.

Pl Alpha Tau: president. Belle
Lashlnsky. ‘41; treasurer, Ruth Free—
man. '42; secretary, Frieda Diamond.
'41: reporter. Goldy Clopman. ’42.

Phi Delta: president. Marie Mctz.
'40; vice-prcsidcnt, Elcanor Pratt.
'4'); treasurer, Harriet Davis. '41;
secretary, Ruth chler, ‘42; corres-
ponding secretary. Dorothy Dough—
crty, '42; reporter. Evelyn Towlc. ’42;
marshal, Geraldine Ewing, '40.

Alpha Rho: president, Philomona
Iunnotti, ’40; vico—prosidcnt. Kuurin
Term, ’41; secretary. Geraldine
Pleat, '41; alumni secretary. Kath-
lccn Butler. ‘40; roportcr. Virginia
Salmons. 42; chaplain, Alice Thomas.

Sigma Alpha: prcsldont, l‘lllon
Pcdorson. ‘40; vice-president, Roso
Rittcr, ’40; treasurer, Adclluc Kndgls.
‘41; secretary, Charlotte Thccmllng,
’41; corresponding secretary, Agnes
Bcuuott, ’42.

Phi Lambda: president. Betty
Hardlc, '40; secretary, qun Cody, ’41;
treasurer, Mildred Labrum, '40.

Smith Will Be Head
Of Kappa Phi Kappa

Kappa Phi Kuppn. nullonul
cduouiiounl frulol'nlty, hus oloctt-d
lls oll'icors for lllo your 1039—40, or:-
cordlng to tho uilllnluu't'llu‘llls of
l.u\\'ronct- Wonz Htrutlnol', '30. Tiny
nl'o: prosidont, Htowurl .l. Smuh,
"ill; vico—prosldout. Witlll'l' liogors.
“10', sol-rclnry. Ladlslnu llulog, ’40;
and lromun'or, l’nul Supolhky. ’40.
Thu luculty sponsor continucs to Ilt‘
in. Arthur K. iioik, lll'lllt'hhtll‘ of odo—
cnllon, who has udvlsod tho soch-Iy
nun-o its organization in 1027.

A your of uollvo Work will bo t‘ll(li'(l
wuh n dlnnor for tho outgoing und
incoming ()IIICl'l'S. Aftor lho ox-
ulnluntlon period, :1 faculty—sfudcnl.
outing is being plunnod undor tho
din-ction of the now prosldont.

 

 

mnployorh in commoroo or industry
are roouircd lo koop a complete

ronumcruiions paid to omployoos. in

 

ordor to do this. it is necessary that Strultncr
employees present Social Security l'l‘holllus Luvorno; secretory, William
account mnnbors to their employers. l'l‘orrons; treasurer, Itobcrt Agono.

'l'ho sooioty is planning to honor
,Ill'. A. W. ltisloy boforo his rotll'c-

room“ of all snlurlos. wages or other "mont.

bosidos
vico-prosidont,

Outgoing sonior offlcors
include:

STATE C(.)I.I...l:l(ilrj NEWS, MAI" £1939

 

Page 3

 

 

 

 

 

 

Board Announces Howe and Kowalsky

As “ ews

©..

 

Associate Editors for Year
to Consist of Murray,
Dower and Kusak

YOUNG WILL ASSIST 

News Board States Complete,
Change in Organization

of Departments 1

Leonard E. Kowalsky and Otto
J. Howo, juniors, have been se-
lected by the NEWS board as co—;
editors of the S'rn'rn Common Nuws.
for 1939-40. Sally Young. ’40, will.
be managing editor.

This marks the second consecu-
tive year in Nl-iWH history that such
a system of co-cdltors has been
established. Under this system.
Kowalsky will be editor the first sem-
ester while Howe takes charge
during the second semester.

Grccnwald Fills New Post

In other departments of thc NBWH
stall", the board decided upon a drac-
tic revision and reorganization in—
cluding promotions. abolishmcnts.
and the creation of ncw positions.
The position of associate managing
editor has been abolished and is now
known as associate editor. Holders
of that office arc: Bcatrlcc Dower,
Stephen Kusak, and John Murray.
sophomores. All three were awarded
Nist board keys. A new position
of news editor. carrying board
membership, was also created and
will be ﬁlled by Saul Grccnwald, ‘40.

Mary Gabriel. '40. is to head the
revamped business department and
will be assisted by advertising inan-
agcr Kenneth Hascr, '40. The posi—
tion of circulation manager was
abolished and its functions are to
be assumcd by a junior business staff
consisting of: Ralph Clark. Both
Donahue, Miriam Nowell, Evelyn
Olivoi, and Betty Dnrrott. Tho fol-
lowing compom.‘ tho
business stuff: Edward Colmar.
Madeline Grunvuld, Robert Lcifcls,
Paul Merritt. Ruth Nelson. and
Allen Simmons.

(,‘Iark Named Sports Editor

An even more drastic reorganiza-
tion was affected in the sports dc-
partmcnt as Betty Clark. '40. former
women's sports editor, was advanced
to the vaa board and position of
sports editor. She is to be assisted
by: James Maloncy. ‘41, men‘s sports
editor; Frank Augustine. '40, and
Arnold Ellorin. '41, assistant sports
editors; and a reportorial staff.

All associate 2dltors. sophomore
desk editors, and former reporters
arc advised that competition for a
new post of fcaturc editor will be-
gin ln Scptombcr of next year.

As usual. [ho Nun's board com—
pleted its nppointmcnts for the y hr
with tho naming of a number of
mombcrs of the freshmen class as
roportors on the editorial staff. The
sixty-mo roportors named will coin-
pctc for the post of sophomore desk
cdllor. Lo ho filled in into Novombol'.
chortors competing for this posi-
tion urc roquh'cd to work out on
tho NlC\\':-‘ 'l‘uosdu,’ und Wodnosduy
nights boginning in Soptombor.

Sectarian Groups Name
Heads for Coming Year

The results of tho oloctlons of tho
religious clubs for tho coming your
hnvo boon unnouncod by tho ro-
th'ing pi'osirlonl:.

Luthornn club: [ll'l‘bltli'liL Marlo
Molz. '40; \'lt‘l‘~lll'l'hl(ll‘lll., ltoborl.
Agno, ‘4]; socrolnry. Mnrgnrol Lod-
bollor, '-i‘l; [l'l'll.'slll'i'l', liorlhu l’olIL
'4].

Monornh‘ lll'o:.l(lt'lll, lluskoll ltos—
onln-rg. *io, \n-i-prmidoni, Sylvia
(il'l'l'lllllllll. ‘il. hi‘l'l‘l‘lill')’, Hl'llllil
Loo. '~i'.l; ll'I-nulu'l'l', Murlol llnpo-
poll 1;!

(inllll‘l‘blll'y club: lll'l‘hHIf‘Ill. llillon
.lt'lllll‘ll. “ill. \’l('l‘~|)l't'hltll‘lll, Arllun'
llolnluy, "12; :.t-t'l'ollli'y, lt‘lllcl Wil—
Iiunni. "ll, ll‘i‘ilhlll'i’l', ltoy Hillllllll‘l'h.
'42; publicity dlroclor. l‘lllzubolh
()lmslod, '-l‘.€

 

Eat at John’s Lunch
Dinners 'tfu- and Up
III-lir-lous Hundwirhos and
Hundnos
7:30 A. M. ——- “:00 l'. M.
Opp. tho High School

sophomore .

 

   

Leonard E. Kowalsky and Otto J.

Ilarsity Netinen
To Oppose Siena .

” .CO-EIIIIOI'S for 1939-40

TO EDIT STATE COLLEGE NEWS NEXT YEAR

 

llowc, juniors. who will serve as
co-cditors ﬁrst and second semesters respectively during the coming year.

lState Wins Over
Bard Teain 19-0

Frustrated in live previous at—

. ,_ .
At  'Lcmpts to win a ball game, the State

varsity baseball team unleashed li-

Brooklyn Poly,
Defeat State 6-3, 7-2,
in Matches Here

Tho State collcgo tennis train is

' (self
connedlcut n weak Bard college team beneath an

,uvalnnchc of 19 runs to win easily
.by a 19 to 0 score at Blccckcr Sta-
dium. last Saturday.

with all its fury and buried

Slamming lhc opposition for 21

looking I‘OI'WiU'U l0 ll-‘i SCCDIKI “(10‘1" total of fifteen hits which included

.i‘ tho season as they moot Sicna .1
college at Loudonvillc

triplc and a home run by Toad

[OliIOI'I'OW-,Fuirbunk. State won as it plcascd.

Their first mccting resulted in a 7-2 wnh walks Sandwiched by base mtg,
VlClUI'i' IOI' SUN/L'- llll' Ollli' 0110 the the Purple and Gold found itself
Purple and Gold rucquctecrs havo umwusjng u vicL()1-y-suu~ve([ “mm-
IJCUII ﬁbIC L0 [#1111013 llltc that had bcgun against RBI.

Last Saturday. State met the rcp- a
rcscnlnilvcs of Brooklyn Poly in a

month ago.
Dar Van Kcuren was invincible.

contest which resulted in a 0-3 tl'i— Encouraged by some hitting which

umph for the Brooklyuitcs.

'had been so woefully lacking in the

The match with Connecticut State 'OLIIOI‘ COHU‘SLS. he really DILCIIUCI him-

Tcachcrs Wednesday

ul‘turnoon‘sclf a bull game.

Bard garnered

again found the statesmen on thc‘scvcn hits. only one of which was

short end of a 7-2 score. ‘
nocticut State is one of the leaders.

Cou—  for extra buses.

By llll‘ cud of tho fifth inning

in the New England Tcachcrs‘ Col-:Stuto had pushed ovcr twelve runs.
logo conference and seemed too pow- Most of those, howcvcr, were un-

crl'ul for the local boys.

I'IOWCVL‘I'.:l‘lll'lli‘d. Ton Bard miseries aided the

the State team put up a good fight‘homc tonm‘s cause. The Illllil seven
and a closer match is expected when runs wore all earned.

a return tilt is played on May 30
at New Britain. Conn.
was originally scheduled for
Week. but Wns washed out.

Thus for this season, the team has If I
Eight mutt-.th Linushod tlu'cc singles.

hud litllc success.
played so far huvo resulted lll only
the (mo victory.

A very interesting sldclight was

This match thnl. Wullcr Dunllowicz, Purple and
lust (iold short stop who bus been but-
ng right handed all your, swung

oIn tho portsldc in the contest and

The Brooklynilos can look forward

The statomlm lo a tough buttlo. und Stutc may

wcrc downed by R.P.l,, Hobart, Bard, will.

Brooklyn, and Connocticnt Stutc.

 

wdh Mlddlcbury boasting two wins.

With but low veterans operating
l'ocoutly, solut- of the dcfcuts may be,
ulll'ibulcd to inexperience. However,
in those defeats, vulunblo mutorlnli
for noxl. year’s team ls (ll}\'lfl()1)llll—;.‘
Cuptnm Kcn Dorun status [but
l'rcshmon recruits huvo boon por-
l'ormlng woll. despite ropcutod loom
ll'llllllllllgu. I

All [hum of tho remaining Hillill‘h‘
will bo pluyod on foreign courts.
lilnlo inlo.’ cil'orir. to wiinoss lin-
looulr» lll ucllon IlII\'l' boon thwurlod
by tho mobility of tho munulu'nu-nl
lo oblum tho llm' oi Albany oily
('olll'ln.

 

HOWARD E. MARSTON
I

l‘rri'i‘ri/llioh Opticians
I'lxclusivo I‘lycwurc at
.\lodcrntc I’riccs
Hotel Ten Eyck Building

83 State Street
Albany

 

 

Good Food and a

of tho

(I (I I“ I“ Ii I“.

 

Friendly Fire

SIIOI’

ZIEZIIR'S

Western at Quail

‘ faculty

The student body was tense. and
members and guests for
Moving-up day arose from their
cents as Christine Adcs decendcd
the platform to start the annual tap-
ning of Myskaniu last Friday in
Page hall. Anxiety was changed
lo an outburst of applause as “Chris”
called out the name of Frank Kluge
and the first member of the '39—’40
Myskania was chosen.

Betty Baker, Edgar O‘Hora, Rob-
ert Hcrtwig and Leonard Fried-
landcr each did their part to add
to the tapping ceremony by re-
turning respectively with Wilson,
Kelly. Howc. and Kowalsky. And
then a surprisel As everybody
anxiously awaited the tapping of the
sixth member, Marion Rockefeller
rose, slowly walked toward the stairs.
made an about face. and took her
position behind her chair. The stu-
dent body knew then that the new
Myskaniu would be decreased by at
least one member. In regular order
Friedman, Trainor, and Simmons
Were tapped. Jean Strong, after
making her tour through the audi-
ence, rcturncd to the stage empty-
handcd and everybody thought that
another vacant seat was to appear
on the stage. But, no. Miss Strong
called out the name of Marjorie
Baird, who because of illness went
on record as being the first mem-
ber in eighteen years not to bc pres-
cut at the tapping ceremonies.
Richard Lonsdale, after making
a rather hcsltating trip through the
auditorium. returned to his position
on the platform without any mem-
ber of the class of '40 on his arm.
Everybody waited for an announce-
man like Miss Strong’s, but the
end had been written to the tapping
CCl'OmOIIlCS.

There they stood—~the old and the
new Myskania. smiling amidst the
rousing applause of the crowded
assembly. Last year thirteen mem-
bers wore sclcctcd but this number
was reduced to twelve when Dunton
Tynan transferred to law school.
These twclvc had seen fit to choose
ten new members—five men and
llvc women.

l/OW CAN voo
LOOK so HAPPY?
WE MIGHT as EATEN
ANY MINUTE/

350 BROADWAY
4-0 | 0.")

 

 

 

Crowded Assembly Witnesses
Tapping of Myskania Members

Lonsdale Climaxes Ceremonies with Failure to Tap Member;
New Myskania Includes Five Men and Five Women

 

for the year 1939-40. in order of their
tapping, are as follows:

FRANK KLUUM wlll IIL‘I'I'I.‘ us presi-
dent of .‘Il‘l‘ m-xl your. "0 pluycd vur-
oily Inmkcibull lhln your, and in u mem-
Iu-r ol' Kuppu I'hl Kuppu ullll I'Idwul'd
Eldreil I’olior club.

.IANI-l H. WILSON will be president
of III-unlutlck uml Arts council tlII»
coming your. .IIIi-m Wilson wus u mom-
Iu-r of [lli‘ (Ilrooiory bourd llcr fresh-
mun uml mphomoro yours, ireusuror of
Ill'lllllilill'ﬂ and Arts council her MIDI"!-
moro ,w-m, uml Inumlgcr oi‘ Froshmim
Dolan uml ircukuror of Debuio council
thin your.

LLOYD KELLY bus been chosen

pri'NliII'lll of the Student uuhoclutlon for
m-xt your. llo wtm clubs ircuuuror Ills
frouhmun your us well on u member of
tho directory hourd, president of III.
noplmmoro olusu, uml viou-prcnltlent of
Ibo HIIIIIc-ntmnuoclulIon this your. Kelly
If: u Im-mber of Iﬂtlwurtl I'llfll‘t'll l’ottor
o uh.
OTTO J. HOWE wlll Horvo us on-
c-dilor of the prs und odltor of the
(tom-Forum (Ills coming your. Ilowo
“um u member of tho directory bourd
lilu sophomore your, unnooluto edltor of
tho i’rohllmun Ilumlbook IIIII sophomore
your. uml in member of the Prints bu-
rouu for illroo yourn no we” uni-con-
noon-(I with the van bourd lilo lust
lwo your».

LEONARD I'i. KUWALBKY wlll be
(~0-ollllur of the ang lhln noxt your.
"0 wun mlllor-Iu-l-IIh-f of the 1012 Fresh-
mun llumlbook und uu associate editor
of tho Lion. Iiowulnhy in u member of
Kumm l’hl liuppu uml Knppu Batu.

JANICE FRIEDMAN wlll servo nu
pronliloul of Dobuio oounoil next year.
Slw' bun boon u mombor of tho vurulty
dolmlo mmud two yours. uml wuu secre-
tory of Dobuio council hor Junior your
ﬂﬂ well no ohulrmun of the Junior ro-
m-pllon for i'nmhmon.

III’I‘A SULLIVAN wlll Horns on Do-
huic- council the ensuing your. MIIM
Hulllvun wun noorotury of her fronhuuui
olunn, \'l('iI-|Ir0illlll'llt of the sophomore
chum. noorolury of Student. immmlutlon,
uml prenlllout of lIlIH your'u Junior chum.
Silo In u mombor of PI (Inmmu Mu uud
(‘Ill Slumu 'I‘Iu-lu.

IIAIu' 'l‘IiAINOR will bo the new
Dri‘Hlili‘llI of HImh-ni Chrlnllnn uroloclu-
lion. Illnn 'l‘rulnor wns trounurcr of
M‘.‘ this your uml lulu boon ohms mom;
loudn-r ihroo yours umI collage song
louder two your». Him Is it member of
Kuppu Dollu.

“‘AL'I‘I‘JR SIMMONS wlll bo luminous
Imuumor of iii-xi your's Pcdagogue
uml [II'I'NItIl‘III of Iniori‘ruioruliy council.
Slmmoun wun president of his i‘rouhmun
ohms, u IuI-mlwr of tho Pcdagogue
bonrd this your, uud bun pluyi-d vurnlty
IIIINIH‘IIIIIII for two yours. Ilo In u
moqu-r of Kuppu Iloliu Rho uml IIuppu
l'hl Knppii.

.\l.\It.I()ll|I') IIAIIIII will m-rvo mt
\\'.\.\ |Il'1'NIIIl‘III for tho your IMO-40.
“IHH Iinlrd \vuu \‘Ic'o-pronldonl of her
frouhmnn ('lunu nnd u llll'llllll‘r of IVAA

 

The members of the new Myskunia ‘

 

Likely as not you can buy your Grey-
hound tickct home with just the money
you get from the secouddmnd store for
last semester's textbooks—and you know
that's not very much! With fares so low
and Super-Coaches so comfortable, it a
no wonder Greyhound is the easy course
that cvcrybody's inking to get out of col-
lege! See your local Greyhound agent—-
and. incidentally. have a nice vacation!

GREYHOUND TERMINAL

for Illl‘i't‘ yours. Slu- In M nu-mber of
ICnppn Dollu.

ALL PAST now.
EVERYBODY'S so
EXCITED OVER
Low GREYHOUND

FA RES HOME
THEY’VE FORGOTTEN

Make Your Getaway
The Greyhound Way!

Humph- (Ino-Wuy Furos
Now York   $25.50
Ith'hficld Springs L55

  

Syruouso   .. 2.10
(’ortiund  . .. 3.l0
Ithaca   .375
Wutrrlown  3.5.")
()gdcnsburg  4.75
Auburn ........ . . . 3.00
(lenovxt .............. .. 3.50
(‘ununduig‘uu . 3.35
Rochester  . .. .. 3.05
Buffalo .. .. 4.00
(moonlit  ..... .. Lilli
lilugbuulton ...... .. 2.80

GREYﬁouno

 

 

