 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 4

Advanced Dramatics
To Present Last Play

Advanced Dramatics will present

State Students
Sta" Program 3:: titiﬁitt°ifiiih“238mb?
' o’clock in Page hall auditorium.
To   Louis Francello, ’40, is the director

of the presentation, which will be
a comedy. The cast includes Rose
Volunteers Plan Instruction De cons, Betty Clark, and Alvin
with Local Supervisor Weiss, juniors; Howard Merriam
of Social Group and Ernest Case, sophomores; and
.___.-— John Nordell, ’39.

The refugee problem in Albany The committee assisting Francello
has been met here at State college 15 as follows: house and publicity,
with the appointment of a com- Nan Emery, '39; lights, Rita smu-
mittee several weeks ago by Stu- van, '40; sets, Mary Koonz and
dent council to plan a program “5- Teresa Walsh, juniors; props, Mar-
garding the refugees in Albany. cia Brown, '40; make-up, Jane wig]-
Members of this committee are son, 40; and costumes, Ru y
Marion Rockefeller, Leonard Fried- Stewart, 40.
lander, Betty Hayford, seniors, and
members of Myskanla, senior cam-
pus leadership society; Geraldine
Ewing, Lloyd Kelly, and Max Sykes,
juniors; Ada Parshall, ’41, and Paul

Merritt, '42.

In going about its work, the com-
mittee is following a two—fold plan——
permitting one refugee to audit
classes, and tutoring a group of
refugees in English. This work has
been recognized in a recent report
of the Intercollegiate Committee of
the United States to Aid Refugees,
when the following appeared: “New
York State College for Teachers is
unable to raise funds but has plans
for permitting one refugee to audit
classes, and also has plans for tu-
toring a group in English.”

The committee has already se-
cured the permission of President
Brubacher for Dr. Gumpel, a refu-
gee from Germany, to audit classes
this semester. Arrangements have
also been made for several students
to tutor many of the refugees in
the city. The following students
have volunteered for this work:
Marcia Brown, Noreen Cappiello,
Betty Cummings, John Eckel, Ain-
ard Gelbond, Marion Hinden, Henry
Kraatz, David Kreher, Hannah La-
kritz, Thomas Parson, Baird Pos-
kanzer, Pearl Starr, David Mins-
berg, Anne Kalichman, Mildred
Streifer, and Lillian Frank.

Every Wednesday this group meets
under the supervision of Miss Ce-
cilia Shapiro, from the Jewish So-
cial service in Albany. Miss Sha-
piro, a graduate of State college, also
teaches refugees and in the Wed—
nesday meetings goes over her plans
with the volunteer students, who M,
give the refugees individual instruc- ' 
tion. The committee wishes to ex-
press their appreciation to Miss

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 17, 1939

Debaters to Sponsor
‘Pump-Primlng’ Panel

Debate council will sponsor a panel
discussion with a women‘s team from
the University of Buffalo Wednesday
evening at 8:00 o'clock in the Lounge
of Richardson hall. Participants
representing State college will be
Betty Denmark, ’40, and Dorothy
Johnson, ’41.

The subject of the panel will be
pump-priming, and the discussion
will be divided into four parts:

1. Economic conditions preceding

the New Deal.
‘pump-priming,’ and the discussion
how it works.

3. Results of ‘pump-priming.’

4. Arguments for and against.

All students are invited to attendl

and participate in the discussion.

 

Class Cancels Party
The “hard times” party recently
planned by the members of the
junior class has been cancelled be-
lcause of lack of interest.

SLS Lists New Pledges

sigma Lambda Sigma pledged the
following men: James Sherwod, '40,
Ernest Case, '41, Henry Germond
and Thorpe De Void, freshmen.

Geo. D. Jeoney, Prop Dial 5-1913

Boulevard Cafeteria
and Grill .

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

   
 
 

 
 

THE GREAT WALLENDAS
(1 Combination that has thrilled
millions all over the world.

 

Shapiro for valuable suggestions.

 

Fairbank Submits .
Report on]. Y. A.

According to the recent report of
Roswell Fairbank, ’40, student di-
rector of the National Youth admin-
istration, to Miss Helen Hall More-
land, dean of students, 147 State
college students are on the payroll
of this agency of the Federal gov—
ernment. }

The report shows that 95 under-
graduates and 8 graduates are work— 3
ing full time on l\JYA and 44 undcr— y
graduates are t-mploycd for half-y
timc. 'I‘hc budch of the NYA pro-
gram ill. Sizitc collcgc ls cstlliinlcd;
at $1020 monthly. ;

'l‘hcsc student worki-rs art- ('ilgiig-‘
cd in many varicd tasks, some in the;
college and others in outside organ-l
izations. Some do clerical work for;
tho faculty, administrative offlccl
work, laboratory assistance, rcscarc‘li,l
library scrvlcc, and desk duty at tho
Rcsidcncc hall. Others work out~;
side the colic-go for the Albany Pub—l
llc library, State Education dcpttrt-l
mcnt or do recreational work at tho.
Albany Homo for Childrcn, Jewish
Community center and similar or-,
gani‘zations. 1

According to ‘airbank, IM‘tiil Morcv 3
land hopes thc' NYA assistance will
be offered again next year. No dol—
iiiltc announcement, howcvcr, wtll‘
be available on this until mid—sum-J
rncr. Announccmcnts conccriilngl
NYA, however, will be relcascdl
shortly and students are rcqucstcd‘
to watch the News and bulletin
boards for such information,

Recently NYA students how sub—
mitted affidavits of citizenship or‘
allegiance to the United States.
This was done in accordance with in-
structions from the New York State
headquarters of NYA.

 

 

   

The GREA 'I' W.»II.I.I:'NI).‘l.S' the premier high wirc artists of the world

. . . and the TOP Combination
for more smoking pleasure is
Chesterfield (thc can ’t-hc-co/iicd blend)

The sun ncvcr sets on ('Ilicstcrl'icld’s pop- If:
ularity bccuusc Chcstcrllcld combines...
blonds together” .thc world’s best cigurcllc .
tobaccos in a way that’s different from any 
Other mgurcuc' . . . the blend that can’t be copied
. . . the RIGHT COMBINATION of the

When you try them you will [mow why
world’s best cigarette tohaccos

Chesterﬁelds give millions of men and
women more smoking pleasure . . . why
THEY SAT ISFY

t‘umiigln lul‘), “until a MYi‘lla 'l'oiwm ( o.

           
  

 

.‘....,......c...m. A...” WM...  .A  .

“Nu:-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

dtmrr. COLLEGE FUR TEACHERS

1‘ ii».

«nu-Jo'gmu‘ ‘

1.5%: .
Vwmua/

State College News

 

 

Z-443

Soiree Will Open
Social Calendar
Of Spring Events

1941 to Conduct Gala Dance
from 10 to 2 o’Clock
at Aurania Club

 

 

One week from tonight marks the
opening of the. spring social season
when the sophomore class will con-
duct the Sophomore Soiree from
10:00 until 2:00 o'clock in the

Aurania club, to the music of Ishami

Jones and his orchestra. Catherine

O‘Bi'ynn. general chairman of the1

dance, l'ccls confident that “if the:
splendid work being done by various
committees is an indication of the
C(lOpl'l‘ilIlllll We will receive from the
school, Soll'cc will easily be a suc-
ccss.“

Bids ill‘l? now on sulc for $3.50 per
couple at the table in the lowcr
corridor of Drupcr hall. The pub-,
liclly committee has dcvised a novel;
method of lclting the school know
how many bids have been sold to,
each class. Al. the bid table there
will be four ladders, each in the
color of the different classes. As
catch class purchases :1 bid, a man
will asccnd one rung of their lad—l
dcr. Thus, everyone can see thcl
interest being shown in Soiree, Bidsl
will also bc on sale at the door. I

Thc liiicst slylcs and syncoputionsl
in swing will bc supplied by Jones.‘
who for many yours has remained
a national favorite, Jones is being!
fculurcd this wcckcnd at the Uni-»
vcrsity of Pennsylvania. ,

Soircc Couple 

Thci‘c is much speculation among;
the sophomores as to who tllo “Typ- :
lcul Soiree Couplc“ will bc. This
couple, which will be chosen by
Ii-Iliilll Jones and his tyvo vocalists:
will not nccvsrurily conic from lhc
sophonn‘irc class.

(iucsts will include:
it. Bl'llIJilCIll'i', president, and Mrs.
Brubuchcr; Dr. Milton G. Nclson.
dcan, and Mrs. Nclson; and Miss
I-Iclcn If. Morclund, (lczlll of stu-l
dents.

Chapcroncs for tho cvcllilig :tl'c:3
Mr. Paul G. Bulgci', sccrctni'y of"I
the Appointment burcau, and Mrs;

5'I'.\'l‘l-‘. COLLEGE FOR ’l‘iaucuiiks, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY,

 

State’s Radio Program
To Feature Educators

Flash! State College Radio
Guild goes on the air—again—
and this time the program will
really be different. For the fourth
of a series of programs sent out
on the air waves from our camp—
us, the Guild has secured the
services of two of capital districts
leading educators, Dr. Arvie Ald-
rcd of Troy and Dr. Thomas Pills-
bury of Schenectady, to assist Dr.
A. R. Bi'ubachcr in a round table

 

discussion concerning the mech-
anisms of the Regents Inquiry.

Dr. Aldrcd, brother of Mrs.
Brinnncr. cxcculivc secretary of
our Alumni association. is well
known in lllc field of education
as present cxcculivc secretary of
New York Slntc Tcuchcrs ussr‘ci—
ation and cditor of its magazine.
In lililﬁ he rccchcd an honorary
1311.1). from State college. His col-
lcnguc, Dr. Pillsbury, is superin-
tcndt-nt 01' Schenectady schools.

Dr, Brubuclicr will introduce
the discussion by a short talk in
which he will set up some of the
problems that bcsct the inquiry.
Hero is an opportunity for State
students to gct an authoritative
explanation of this set up which
us luturc lcnchcrs tiicy should
know.

 

IState Delegates
Attend Conclave

Edge, Lonsdale, Friedlander
to Discuss Problems
About Educ ttion

From Thursday evening through
Saturday the Eastern States’ As-
sociation of Professional Schools for
Teachers will conduct its fourteenth
annual spring conference at the
Pennsylvania hotel in New York
city. Representing State college will
be John Edge. Richard Lonsdalc,
,ond Lccnard Friedlandcr, seniors,
.who were appointed by President
Brubuchcr about a month ago.

Besides sludan officers and stu—
dent delegates from teacher training
Sinslitulions. various school officers.
lincluding the United States com-
missioner of education. faculty—

 

 

l.caching‘, and many others con-
ncctcd with teacher training in cast-
lern schools, have been invited to
attend.

Membership in the association is
lbotli institutional and individual.
llnstllulions include those of ac—
,ccptablc slanding' in several classes
,of schools which either have educa-

 

 

Statc Schedules
Five Debates

Five dcbatcs. four varsity and onc

lion departments or Whose primary
function is teacher ti'ainlng. In-
ldlvi‘duol membership may be secured
by officers, f'ncully, or students of
‘mcmbcr institutions.

‘ The program for the conference
3is (lividcd into two main parts: dis-
,cusslons and addresses in the ad-
'minislrulch and instrucllotml divi-

frcshman, are listed on this weeks 1H,,“ mm mm] (“scum-ions in [he

dcbutc sclit‘dulc.

lsludcnl. conferences The purposes

011 Monthly owning. Slate Will;of the latter are many, but par-

dcbntc Ncw ltochcllc and li‘ordhitm,“mum-1y; Hwy “1m {0 promo“; ac-
away. The New Rochclh' cncountcr Immmmnce and

llnds Betty Ilnyl'oi'd. '30, and Betty

Dcmuork. ‘40. (loll-mung the num- lthul. they may (’flt:(:ll\'t‘ly coollcrutc “0”, Will UIM’H “10 WWI-“l-

Aguln::l Fordhuin, ii‘runklln Kchrig
and ’l‘hln'ms Lchrnc, st-niors, will
uphold Lllc lit-gullvc ol lhc resolu-
tion: “ltcsolvcd: That the Prcsi-

ldcnt and Congress shall not declare
war for the United Slztlcs cxccptI

in cast- of invasion."

ltutgcrs untl Slittc will conduct a “,0 Lame of upwlmmm Touche,H rm.

 

Bulge“ Ml.‘ Edward L. Coo|),,,._ m_ ,pancl discussion on “Pump-primlug"
“mum. in mnumnce’ and Mm ‘on tho lollowmg night in the Lounge
Cooper; MI.‘ G. Elliot Hatﬁeld. m_ of Richardson hall at 8:00 o'clock.
structor in physical education and If“““"'““" §mewn 39'1"“! {05mm
athletic coach, mid Mrs. Hatfield:lehW‘V'W' 41- WI“ ""I”""”“'3L 51m“:
Mr. Adam A. Walker, professor of. 0“ {mummy "W'm’m' PPM“ W‘“
economics and sociology and Mmﬁontcrtnln wolncil dcbulors lroin thc

" lUnivi-rsily of Vci'lnont. This dis-

Walkcr. . .
Commute“ lcussion Will also cont-cm "Pump-
. ’, , 4 ,- - n

’f‘hc connnltlrcs assisting Miss ll“ “mini:

O'Bi'yan am as follows: arrange—1 “10 1113-8111111!“ t-illiugcmont will

nicnls, Louiso Sncll, chulrnutn, Syl-ll’l'l‘m CUIWU‘, 11”" ”“ Film-‘7' “L
Vilt (irccnblutt. Alum Knowles, Johnlmw “VCIUCK ‘“ “1" “Hm?!” The
Mummy mm Clummm, 015m“ (.hupgdcbltlo Will Ill‘ conducted in panel
emu”, Am“, Nome”, and mm p:11._.l()l'lll and each side will have three
shrill, (-o—chuh'mcn; invitations,le‘km's' 3‘31"“ “‘“5- Hull)“ Tm”
Lydia Iiond, chairman. Mlll'lUllllluus' “ml Fm“, MW” WI” 51"“
Kcublcs, liurburu Grunt, Normunil‘” “‘9 “his” "I 1943'

chy und llownrd Mcrrinni.

Music, Slcphcn Bull. chairman, . ' .
John Alden, Chitrlcs Mnnso, Doro-  
thy Milk, and I‘i‘rullccs Wood; pro-

grmns, Iicrthu Polit. ('hulrnuin, lilnm‘

To Conclude Work
Novclll. niid ('Jzuhcrinc Sliul'cr; pub.l __.

“(ll-5" 'lu'm’” CHIHWHI "hilll'mu’l i Hludcnls who linle yet to submll
.Johll (Iiil'(ll‘|)lll‘, Louis (ii'ccnspuii inmrmulm“ mmmnjm, H”, ,,1'1j,.,._.,
Hit-pitch Kniuk, lrcnc Pogoi'. undwmml [my hum “H, ,.,,q,,,,.),,.,, I”,
M“‘I"I”“' SWMW lhc I’r‘lnl tiyslcln Itl‘\’l.‘:lllll connnll—

' ' ' ,li‘c lo (10 to u:. soon :15; [lilh‘lllll'
Newman  Conduct lNolcs :hould luv :u'iil lo .lowph
A l n - R ‘ I Lot-rug ‘Illl ('llilil'illllll. lil‘llilill'll I“l‘ll'(l~
nnua ‘Jpr'ng Circat lilillll’l’, '25!) or uny llllll‘l' connnlllm-
'l‘hc Nl‘\\'lll:l|l club of .‘u‘lull- l'tllll'uc llll‘llll) r lilunlu. niuv ho scrurcd
Will l'llllllll'l 11:. annual l'clrcul no.1 lll llu- ut'lll'llll‘w llllll'l‘
communion lu'cnkluil on i"iltl.i‘. l‘lr llllill,‘ of ill] (’lillu‘l'n, cluhn und
l-Sulurt’uy ulul i-uulduy, i\’I:|ll‘ll LB-l LL: lliillill' l'l'liillllYIIIlllllr. uri- lo |lll'.‘l‘ill
and Lid, ’I'Ill‘ lllll‘ill \llll lu‘ l'llil l1~l . ol nll llllll‘H. mid prl-wul hold-
(ll|('|i'll on i"lllluy all liillll o‘cllil'l: l'l). lo lilo l'llllllllllll‘l‘ lillllll'Jllilll‘lV
ilil'l .‘lulllllliu ul Ill Ill) and L‘iilll'l'luw huh. rdlollhl llll'lliill‘ ull olllccw.
o’lhu-l: Ill Ihc (.‘hupt‘l of NW Acull— rcpurdhm. of whclhi-r or not Iill‘}
i‘lll‘. «ll llu' llol‘, Nilllli‘h, Mam. \vlll llll‘ ill [ll'l‘hl‘lll lliidl'i' 1hr l’oliil Hys~
|).~ Hilljllll) ill li'illl ti't'liillt lll lilt‘ ll'iIl.
(il'tilltl of ()ur limly of Lourdes. lo-,
cowl on llu- (‘lll'lli'l' of (hilm'lolsludciils inlet-mud in chunelnu Hm
hll'l‘l'l llllll MilIlIhl'li chiiuc. If.f'V.l[)l'l'.il‘lll oi'luiiil/ullon llllll opcl‘ulloll
Srhusllun chcr, ().M.(l., will coli~lol lln- h,\hl(‘iil lil'l' lulvltcd lhul the
duct lilo rutrcut. connnillcc Will consider all rcconh
Mqu will be followcd inimcdlnlclylimelidullons mudc to it in writing.
by u conununlon breakfast in tho'lt ls cxpcclcd that it licm'lng will
clil'clcrlu of Vinccntlun institute. bu contluctwl by lhc connnlttcc bc-
ltcv, George lirown, 7,313., Will be fore ll. Hiblllllﬁ its rcport to the
guest. spcniti'l'. Studrnt association on April 21.

l

l
l
common under—‘
lslanding among student groups so

:Iive of 1111‘ lll'UllU-‘IUUHI "RCWIVHIZ :ln cnri‘ching their life as prosbcc-l
,Thitt lilo Unilth Sum-s should form llivo teachers, to disseminate in-I
Dr- Abrunwiiil lllllllllt'l‘ \\'llll (Il'l‘ill Bl'lliilll. lfm'maljon helpful in “mt attclnpt,’

'iind to join with the faculty in
showing the public the importance
,ol' the work of teacher training in-
stitutlons.

Friday morning lhcrc will be six
=such student puncl groups. Edge will
‘tnke part in the group discussing

Citizenship" and Lonsdalc in the
group discussing “Education Pr0-~
grams for Tomorrow.”

Saturday morning, summaries of
those conference groups will be
given. Fricdlondor will present, the
summary of group i on "Develop--
illClll. of Student Initiative, Lcadcr—
ship, and Responsibility,"

It will not be a case of all work
and no plny, howcvci'. Friday ch-
ning u sttulcnt—fiu-ulty banquct will
I)l.‘ (ti)ll(lll(:l.i‘(l. This will be l'ollowvd,
by it dance and social progrmn in the
banquet hall of the hotel.

 

 

[sham Jones, Soi

Has Outstanding Musical Career

by Ben Dower
(l4li.5:i‘. seconds i-quuls 10,047 min-
ulcs «ququ llill hours cqunls '7‘: days

 

equals onc»l‘ourth ol ii month cqunls
2,1 per (“Hit of it ycui' cquuls up-
l)l'll.‘£llllillt'l_\‘ lllll‘ wock! lWoW.) And
Ihuln just lhc lcngih of [into lic-l

lvvccn now uild lhc lllllilll'lll. whan

:tll you lucky people that ill'c Illkllll',
Ill lhc mn'litl l*\l‘lll of lill‘ .‘il‘ilfilll,

."Soph Solrcc," \vlll ho r.\\’lill;llll', mid

:.wuynu: Io lhc ryncopullons of polio
tilllcr lhull [hilt Illiil‘i‘dl'll oi lilill‘hlJ'llh,
hhunl .llllll'h.

lild you my lrhuni John's? YI'fi,,‘

 

l

l

l :ulll l:.huni .ll/ill‘h! For its diinccl
of tho _\l‘ill' lhc sophomore t'htm.‘
lliili horn llll'lllllilll‘ inoluth lo lyl‘l'lll't'
llll' .‘l'l'\ll‘l'.‘-. ol (llll' of lhc ilnlloil‘s;
Ill‘hl known Iliiilflillli‘ill'l'h, Alwuysl

()i'gulilmlloii lit-lids llllll ull olhcr “‘1 "‘l’v "” “"W “I “1" “Wk “l 1”“ \Arlllcii in collnhoi'utlon Willi (inn

('ill'l'l'l‘, J' nos clinics to ﬁlulc,
lhroul'l. ni'rnngcnu-nls oomph-toil
with Consolidulcd ltudlo Artists,
Inc.

The famous aggregation is llflli‘il
from coust lo coust through its lunny
ilchork broadcasts, phonograph
rctftll'tili, and personal appearances at
Millie of the country's lcudlng hotels,

llllCl‘illJCl'S, supervisors of student

d)
l

ll'l':.]iliil:.lllll‘ for "dishing" us out such

MARCH 24, 1939

VOL. XXIII, No.20

M.A.A., W.A.A. to Present

 

CALENDAR FOR THE WEEK
Mar. 24 Rivalry sing in Assem-
bly.

24 Senior Class meeting.

25 Sports Night.

25 Foreign Policy associa~
tion luncheon and dis-
cussion.

26 Newman club Commu-
nion Breakfast.

28 A (1 van c c d Dramatlcs

28 Varsity debate with
Rutgers.

30 Lecture by Baroness dc
Hucck, sponsored by
Newman club.

30 Radio program,

30 Math club meeting.

30 Varsity debate with
University of Vermont.

Rivals to Sing
Atllzﬂ Today

Freshmen and Sophomores
to Strive for Points
in Song Contest

 

 

 

This morning's assembly will fea-
ture the annual freshman-sopho—
lnol'c song contest, in which each
class will try to outsing its rival.
The program will corraist of eight
songs. ouch of the classes rendering
a song to the ri '11] class, a song for
its own class, on original Alina Ma-
ter, and lastly, “Arm in Arm."
'lhu class of 1041, according to tradi-

 

'l‘hc winning cluss will be awarded
lwo and onc-luilf points in rivalry,
and both sides are confident of
victory. The sophomores point
proudly to their success in the Mov-
ing-up day sing last year, while the
class of 1942 firmly maintains that
it plans to use the contest as a
means of partially eVening up that
rivalry score.

The sophomore songs are to be
led by Mary Miller, who, with the
assistanCc of Charlotte Ritchie,
wrote the words to them. Merrill
Walrath composed the original
music to tho Alma Mater which tllC‘v
class of 1941 will sing. Rita Kcll is
the frcslnnan song louder, and the
words and music of the frosh song
for the freshmen were written by
fro Hirsch.

Faculty Jlltigcs are Mr. William G.
l'iin'dy, instructor in ltlngllsh; Miss
l'tuth Ilutchins, assistant professor
of llllc arts; and Dr. ’1‘. Frederick H.
Cundlyn, assistant professor of
music.

ree Swingster

night clubs, and collcgcs, The build
hos |.lii)’(‘(i at such Wcll known spots
us lilo Cocounul Grove, tllc ltltz
(.‘urllon hill-l, lilo Ht. Francis
IlUIl‘I in Sun Ii‘runciwo, Alluntlc
(‘lly'.-. Slut-l I’lcr, lilt' llolt-l lilncoln,
Illl' Hollywood l'l‘.‘.llllll'lilll., und Col—
If i’,(‘ lnn :u. IIII‘ Ililll‘l Hill‘l'lllllll, Cili-
riujo.

Irhulll .llllll‘h 136 on lil'llllllllll'alll‘ii
inuslt'lnn hllnm-ll', lillll in llslcd
union]; llu- It‘ll lilii‘hl coinpowrs of
populur murlc in Alilcl'lt'u. lli' lr.‘
lino llllllllll‘l‘h llh "(‘nhuuown, My
(‘lunulounJ' “lloncy.” "1 Can't lie--
lll-vc ll':, ’l‘i‘uc," "(Thinu iioy," "Morl-
’l'hun lu'vl-r.” "’l‘hnnks for lc'vl-Iy»
thing,” and l'nllllllcm ()Illlfl’h’, li‘l Wl'll
us lho l'cccnl. "It Iliill to Ho You."

Kuhn.

ll you wunl. u sample of wind,
lhul, .loncs illlill will do, just drop
into tho (Tulllllltllln next Work and
hatch to tho vio pulsilihig with the
liquid Iliillfh of llutl swool. swing‘stcr
of Boli‘cc; or, botlcr yet, grab this
opportunity to scc him in person at

Third Annual Sports Night

Baird and Kluge Will Direct
Social, Athletic Events
Tomorrow Night

THREE MAIN ACTIVITIES

Program WiIIBegin at Eight;
Admission Charge to Be
One to Ten Cents

[ by Joseph Bosley

Saturday night. March 25. M.A.A.
and W.A.A. will get together for
the third annual Sports Night. Last
year. Dtlko Hersh and Louise Hess-
ney put on a show that wont over
with a bang. Marge Baird and
Frank Kluge are confldrnt that they
and their committees can repeat the
athletic triumph.

J. Edniorc Melanson will lend his
booming baritone to the sound ef-
Tools to preside over the sports
parade of ’39.

Four Features

The program has been divided into
four fcatures. At 8:00 o'clock
(sharp) there will be an exhibition
of llliilf.‘ and female athletic talent
in the Page hall gym. This will
include a fast basketball contest be-
twccn the men and women of State.
Following the struggle will be a
ping pong match by the male con-
tingent and il. badminton brawl
sponsored by the females, The fresh-
man and sophomore women will lock
in a volleyball contcst and. after
the flash and hair has been cleared
away, the men representatives of
the some classes will square off at
volleyball to complete the massacre.
A snappy squnrc dance, live rounds
of exhibition boxing. and a tumbling
l‘lcslit led by Bill Torrens and his
Whii'llng Dcrvishcs will add spice to
the program.

The setup for the second feature
of the evening will be laid in the
Commons where M.A.A. and AAA.
have taken tip Barnum on a slight-
ly smaller scale There will be no
elephants, bareback riders. or acro-
bats, but bingo, turtle races. wind
contests, penny Jugs, darts. and bean
guessing will bc ample substitutes.
Don’t worry about clowns—State has
its share.

As each person participates in
thcsc games of skill for the nominal
fee of one red cent in American
money, the winner will receive a
punch on the ticket he or she will
receive upon entering. Incidentally,
ut the door. will be a stack of cards
from which State students will draw
ll. request to donate from onc to
ten cents as on admission fee.
The ticket will be retained for
the winning punclws. At the end
of the evening, the punches on
cuch card will be counted and the
person with the largest number of
punches will be awarded a prize—
the prize has yet to be revealed.
(Cultllliltt‘d on page .‘1, column 1;)

Alumni Group to Dine

Tomorrow Afternoon
'l‘omorrow afternoon the custom
lll'illll'll of tho Slate Collcgc for
'I‘ciu'llcl's alumni will conduct
it spring luncheon at 1:00 o’clock in
tho Alnlnni Iicsldcncc hulls. All the
uluninl of tho :itpllltl district are cx-
lll‘i‘ll'tl to hulkc l'cscl'vullmlﬁ. lu‘ntcr-
llilllllll’lll. will bc provided by (‘ollcgo
lilillhl‘ undvr lllc direction of Willlltlll

lliogoolu, '2”).

Al lhc l'IUh'l' of lllc lulu-limit, lilo
ullllllul mm‘llng of the (il'ntlllulo
count-11 Will be conducted ill the
logic room wllh (.lllvu llorning Mc—
lll-rmou, ‘l’l. l'lllill'illllll, und Anne
iil'oWllloW 'I'l'i‘lllllcl', '17. vlcc—chuir-
mun. presiding. All prcslilt-nls of
brunt-h ussoclullons, cluss council-
ors. llllll incmhcrs of tho board of
llll'l'i‘lill'h‘ ul‘c expected to attend.
I’lilllh Win In- lllil(It' for Alunml day.
and tile councilors will collaborate
wuh Miss Elizabeth Slichr. instruc-
tor and supervisor in history, on
research llutlcriui concerning the
history of the practice teaching of

 

the Aurunlu club Friday nightl

Bl utc college.

  

 
 
     
  

 

