 

 

 

Page 2

STAT E COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH

17, 1939

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year- by the
News Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O’I-Iora, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hex-twig, 3-2889; Bilzi, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIEING IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420'MADI50N AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' BOSTON ‘ L0! ANGILll ‘ SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD

JEAN STRONG ......... ..  . . Editor-in-Chief
EDGAR B. O'I-IORA Go-Editor-in-Ghief
ROBERT E. HnR'rwro   Managing Editor
Orro J. Hows   Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. KOWALSKY .   Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. Yorme    .  Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. BILZl .. . .. Business Manager
JOAN M. BYRON , . . Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CAsriouNn   Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

Charles Franklin  . . Men’s Sports Editor
Betty Clark .   . .. . . Women’s Sports Editor
William Ryan  Assistant Sports Editor
Joseph Bosley .    . Assistant Sports Editor

 

 

Sophomore Desk Editors
Alice Abelove, William Cameron, Beatrice Dower,
Sylvia Greenblatt, Stephen Kusak,
John Murray.

If a Thing 13 Once Begun —-

We know that dozens of student editorials have
been written about lack of school spirit. We’ve
done them ourselves, and we read them in our
exchanges. As a matter of fact, they are contrary
to all the rules of good journalism. They are
preachy and didactic. So we’ve decided to take
a direct about-face, and not talk about lack of
interest in student affairs.

Yes, we‘re going to forget all about the fact ,
'would be considered by the faculty and what will

that the seniors can rarely get enough people out
to have a quorum for a class meeting. We’re going

to ignore the failure of the tea dancc. We’re

going to assume that the juniors had so many press— 1

ing engagements that they simply couldn‘t make
their class party. We're even going to be so ncnr-
sighted that wc’rc not going to see the mere hund-
ful of people who attend the varsity debates.

lnstcad we‘re going to look for some other!

things. We cam sec that outstanding dramatic hil,
“Ten Nights in a llarroom.” We are glad lo noticc
the crowds of basketball games; the full house at

h‘lzu'riagc commission.

We wish we could scc only the latter but the ,
Why?

studan failures runklc in our minds.
Because this wcck a new activity will starts—a
student and faculty sponsored entertainment, and
there’s one thing that bothers us. into which group
will it fall?

One Year Ago Today

Rccnlcr Apathy bearing inactivity, and in-
dolcncc on each arm.

If we were to run a reminiscing column cntitlcd
“One Year Ago 'l‘oduy," among the zu'liclcs would
be one of busy, well—planned activity; namely, thc
(lrcck drama. Students wilh varying inlcrc>ls \Vcrc
working on one big projccl, "lCll-clru.” 'l'hc pcr-
formancc was it christcning cvcnl for lhc ncw (in-ck
lhcalrc, behind the Alumni Rcsidcnrc hulls.

This year, so far, lhcrc has not bccn lhc soul '

satisfying hum of activity. Aside from an lutcmpl

to raise money to pay for the lhcntrc, things ill’L‘ at ,

a standstill. Why can’t some group lake flu.- inilia-
live in reviving the cvcnl, which was such a success
last year?

We don't object to having to pay to see ’l‘cd
Shawn, but Wc question lhc business system when
we pay money for the upkccp of a frozen asset!

- mittee.

 

 

‘ shroudcd thc presentations?

' dcluils?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH :7, i939

 

 

 

 

Again — the Administration

 

 

Commentstater
And—so what. A lot of us said that last weekend,

i and, because of that, the senior tea dance went by the

boards. We thought from the enthusiasm shown by
students when the idea was broached that it would
be a big success, but it wasn‘t. We’re a little sorry
and We hope that next time the wallets won’t be quite
so fiat. Oh, well, Soiree is coming and that needs
your support so let‘s start a fund in the old sock and
let’s have one dance this year that won’t be a financial
failure. There can be no squawks on the advertising
for this—there's been a real efficient job done so far
on this event. Lots of luck, kids, and may Isham
be a big success.
I; #1 1i 1:

Today we and all other good fellows assume our
best Irish brogue, wear a bit of green, and smile
all charmingly in honor of St. Patrick. We’ve just
been reading of this Saint's life and the legend of his
death. It seems he has been sainted because he con-
varied the island of Ireland. We l'nink the fact that
he makes the whole world smile a bit for one day
is enough for us, Anyway, a happy-go-iucky St.
Patrick's day for ye' all.

It It! 0‘ It:

For the last two weeks we've been suggesting that
the administration change certain things to improve
our system here at State. We think it would be a
good idea if the faculty chose four students, two seniors
and two juniors, each year to serve on a committee
with faculty members to make suggestions for the
improvement of our college courses.

We suggest this so that the students of the college
who have ideas on what is needed in State would have
a student group to present their case. This student
group could analyze the suggestion, and. if it was
worthwhile. they could present the idea to the com—
Here it could be seriously discussed. and if
thought workable, the change could be made.

If it did not look feasible, the idea could be dropped.

and the student who originated the idea could find ,
out why it was dropped. We suggest this because we'd ,

like to know if our two ideas, ll) To have a student
committee to judge applicants for the college. and
12) an informal course in major and minor subjects.

bc done with them.

 

The Playgoer

 

Technical triumphs and pleasurable entertainment!
That's our verdict on the productions of last Tuesday
evening. It was one of the most unique performances
Advanced Dramatics has brought to us.

The first play, Mr. Bogosta‘s, was something to
show the raison d'etrc of Advanced Dramatics. Truly,
it was an experimental play. Needless to say, the audi-
chc was Wcll pleasch with the experiment.

The striking set. with its odd. but appropriate
lighting was technically perfect, Its cxprcssionlstic
motif of‘ the inner human organs was keycd perfectly
to thc theme of the play.

Acting lunors We thought, went to Miss Minst.
She kept her role separate and distinct. even when
line followed line so quickly that we wondcrcd how
she did it.

Mr. Kclly was emotionally "up" to the part
and faced admirable contrast in the calm of Mr.

. Karpen. While we’re on the subject. let us say, too,

that Mr. Bogostu's introduction was a welcome change
f'rom the familiar: “Advnwnced Di'amawtlcs pre-
sents . . "

The second play of the evening was an unexpected
bit of lrivolily. Possibly the best summation We hcurd
was the comman of n pltiygocr leaving Page hall,
"why. it seemed just llkc a senior stunt that had
been thoroughly rchcnrscd and expertly staged."

Regardless. We think that it was a plcusunt little
play.
burlcsquc. But We don't think the uudlcncc minded
the allusions to State college life.

Mr. Mclt'l. and Mr. Nordcll Wcrc both admirable
caricatures of the profound uciulcmlcinn. The other
pluycrs mldrd to tho f'un. Mukc-ups nud costumlng
for this play Were excellent.

It's a bit into in the your to suggest anything
to Advanccd Drunultlcs us a class, but we would like
to commcnt just a bit on a lcw phases of pluynmkmg
tlml ’l‘ucsdny put in onc's mind.

First, our wonder if the unusually large crowd at
’l‘ucsdny's lllllj’h was the rcsult of the secrecy which
Curiosity nmy hnvc killsd
a cut. but it cvidcntly helps [iii Page lmll.

Sccond, how: you over noticcd the importance of
flow a misplaced light can almost ruin a
mood? lec that grain spot on Ml'. i“lnk’s fuel! . .
or thc unrculily of that struggle and i‘oceslapping in
the first play that sccnn-d to result not from the ac—
tion, but bccuusc tho script said so.

We can do the big things wcll let's concentrate
on thosc little things that add to our knowledge
and background of the larger crulcuvcr.

Our thanks to Messrs. Bogosla and Weiss for u,
pleasant ovnnfng.

CALENDAR FOR THE WEEK

Mar. l7—W.P.A. Orchestra. in as-

sembly.

17—Chemistry club meeting.

20—Marriage commission
meeting.

21—Forum of Politics

21~Springdlngus.

22—Frosh commission mu-
sical tea,

22—Debate council
discussion.

23—Radio program.

ZZZ—«A d v a n c e d Dramatics
plays.

panel

 

 

 

Forum Approves Aid
For Kindergartens

The Forum of Politics went on
record as favoring state aid to kin-
dergartens at a special meeting last
Tuesday afternoon as it passed the
following resolution:

“Resolved: That this Forum urge

the return of the kindergarten state
aid bill from the Ways and Means
committee and its release to the
ﬂoor for passage."
, The resolution was adopted after
in spirited dlccusslon led by Irene
{Sofield and Lois Wester, seniors. The
action was approved ﬁnally by an
overwhrlming majority.

John Walden, '40, treasurer of the
lForum, introduced an amendment
,to the organization's constitution
lowering the dues to ten cents a
:semestcr. The amendment was
ladopted almost immediately.

The next regular meeting of the
lpoliticai forum will be conducted on
‘Tuesday in room 206 of Draper hall
at 3:30 o'clock. The pro-Easter
calendar includes discussion and ac-
,tion on the following: neutrality,
.National Labor Relations board, the
Dies committee, normal schools, and
the Tennessee Valley authority.

 

 

State
of
Affairs

‘ _._._______ ('. ii. W. __._______

Czechoslovz‘ikia is no more. The
qucslion now is~rwhat next? Will
[he lutcst action in middle liluropc
prccipitatc the crisis so long prc—
‘tlicll'ff'.’ Events on the continent arc
r'hupiiu; tl‘icmsclvr‘s tr..wn.:'d sonic—
thing, if" not a crisis.

Hungary, Rounnlnio. Poland. and
,lhc linich on» all mcsscd up in land
iinnbbing; Britain ylcws proceedings
,wilh apathy; Franco shoWs no con-
['l'l'll', Roosevelt is rusting from lhc
slrl llllulls effort of' showing his tccth
ito thc dictators; ovcr hcrc. column-
,isls and commentators prcdlcl
fcvcrythint; from flu: curl of Hitler's
,goycrnmcnt in six months to thc
‘l'ncl [hut a doublc is now ruling
iticrmuny.

It's a funny world!-~-

t I Ii

Kampus
Kapers

 

 

 

St. Patrick’s day brings up an
old feud, and the “wearin‘ o' the
green" should ﬁnd a lively contrast
in the wearing of the orange! New—
man dance tonight, though your
eye for color isn’t What it should be,
is a good opportunity for you to
make up for the senior tea dance
that defaulted.

Potter club had a ghostly party
Friday night — the spirit of St.
Patrick inspired it. Kelly and Rand
did 21 “lights out" in sheets. special-
izing in blood and terror. Scotty
hypnotized Roger Moran so real-
istically — well, gals, you'd better
watch out. The occasion for the
party was the initiation of the new
vic.

Kappa Beta is the proud parent of
an interesting idea. Wednesday
night saw the ﬁrst match in a ping-
pong tournament, which the K.B.'s
are starting with Pharmacy, A.B.C.,
R.P.I., Union. etc.

The freshman had a very bad
taste party Saturday night, with lots
of fun for the kiddies. That was
the second class party this year.
Speaking of class affairs. Soph
Soiree is drawing nigh. Are you
going? You and your date may
be the chosen Soiree couple. It
is not exactly a door prize—not
exactly. What it is we're not sure.
Did you notice the poster in the
Commons—4t would be hard to miss!
Johnny Alden is to be commended.
and the rest of the committee for
the exceptionally attractive posters
that deck the corridors.

Prize headline of the week2——
«taken from the Union “Concor-
dicnsis") Skldmore Girls Get Late
Ltave for Union Dane: (Exclama—
tion point indicated).

We're glad they are going to have
fun! It brings to mind the letter
that the Alumni Residence halls
rcccfvcd Wlun they sent the Sche-
cclady lads thc customary invita—
tion to Opcn House. it read. in
.pan. "Wc rcgrct lo inform you that
Inc will bc unable to accept your
Iinvilalion. but We have contracted
iwilh Skidmors college for all co—
‘cducaticnnl social funclimis.” A
Icloscd corporation! But us the old
Isaw goes. "If at first you don't
iSUCI‘l.‘L’(l. Troy, Troy, again." Do you
Sicnn thing wrong with that?

Bcst business deal of the wcck:

thcl Cohcn, of the Radio (lurid
Sound Efl'ccls (it-purlmcnt. took part
flu un :unatcur program rcccnlly
spinsorcd by tho Albany Packing
company. in rcnl form, shc curricd
off a major prizc; lo wil, lcn dol-
.lars in cash, and a print: ham. Al-
ways it :.nmrt girl. Ethel cashed in
,lhc hum for $2.50. Total profit for
uhc cvcning $12.50. And may we
conuncnl on the loci that thc lcsucr
prixc was in no way u rcflcclfon on
hcr lhcatricul lnlcnl!

l
l
, rh——_.___. N...
l

 

 

 

Possibly Mr. Nol'dcll could hch avoided thc‘

. ilui'. and Mr. William G. Hardy. Mr.

‘ Slutc collcgc women are beginning
ilc) l'ccl thc pinch of tho Japnncsc'
.wm'. ’f‘lic lIouscmothcrs’ lcaguc is!

O
Appomtment
culling lllc girls to the colors with
chow mcfn and rice suppers. l‘roml Bureau

latest reports to reach our desk. Isn‘t; ' M —
it a linc in n modcrn song that goes: All HtUdl'nl lllL‘llllJl'l's of the Nu—
“smpnpg and ['j('(| m-c very nicer"? lionnl Education associulion are re-
Thc "oughdny" snvcd is contributed (luv-Sled ‘0 lllkl‘ UH!” ClJlJit‘H 0f UH?
u, a fund {01- Chinese mum“, Ad- Fcbruury and March issue of“ the
‘mlrublc purpose, say wc—So hold N-E-Av JUHI'IHII Which are on the
,tight, chllluns! Maybe ncxt wcck, (“J-“J‘- lll room 1111 of M11110 high
‘glvvs shrimps! lschool. 'l‘hc scniors should sign
w their names on thc curds provided.
New books: lirr‘l‘ for Ilu' h’itlcn. ’l‘hc mccling of thc committcc on
a noch by Hester Pine (a pscu— mock lnlcrvich has been movcd u
ldonym to end all psclulonyms!) rte-,lo 'l‘hursdnv Murch  at Will
lputedly laid on u nearby campus.>o'clock in l:()'lllll 207 of ‘l’tichurds‘on
[Ls a story of the faculty which holl. 'l‘hcrc will bc u principal of
lmukcs ll. dlflcrcnt at lcust, And high school at lhr. llll‘l'llll" "nd 1“.
J. I’. Murquund, rnlhcr lllilll rest on Will sch-cl lhrcc 'n'unc iii 'l1 'l '1‘
this i’ulltzcr ’lnurcls, brought out rnudom from u uh uh, lwfifij‘ Ali
Wu'lrford Paint, it novvl about the lhc lmmcs of "ludc ‘t' r'l Hie“
bully Brill family. The on! f'i' .   “WHDH’I‘M‘I'
I v _ V y at and llllll\l(W llll‘M‘ sflllll'llls' for
‘lp lil'llh' with the ’Sycn’morcs of lhrcc lnmglnurv positions '
ion (on! tutu If it ll lou lumc. f)“;lllllll'l'l' lllllVlr bccn sM'l’l‘lll llll|)llllll~
‘ s e ' r-I' " x r
v ‘l..ocul pupcrs arc giving thc S'rA'rn ‘rccciv'l-(ll) L]ilzlf'li‘lltll'flll‘fiL'll'f‘iuhz'fili‘i
(.. l.l.l'llflu‘ News competition. Feature Sumo. prudunlc -u'l.' if it ~  i“
writers for lhc Times—Union local I’ ' i - i I " ‘ um Mildly “L
g ‘ , l, llilllloill, Joscphmn Mum-“qr "lg
news shunt, arc, Mr. Wallace 'l‘uy-,commcrcc and English at Milddlc—l
town, immcdiutc uppoinlmcnl; Mur-
icl Slcwm'l. grnduntc, library nlul

U

E’l‘u‘ylor conducts a Curran Evcnls‘
‘fjlll'A. which We rccommcnd high]y,,hlsl.ory at Monlcomnrv' Bclt K'k
While a rcsumo of  Hardy's ur- putrick, gruduolii libriti'v iiniii 111'1 l—
liclc on spccch—truhnng which up- nppofnlmcnt lll. lioslvn lion ' Inf m (i
p'l‘lll'l‘il lll Ncw York State lulluca- Mary from. ’37 rhgiki  “may
Hull. Buford more than l'nvornblo brook; and (,‘onstuiicc Mllpdt Iii/1‘11“—
lllllvllE'. Want to join the stuff, fcl- unto. English. immcdlalixjoii/i iiii‘uf—
10W». mum. at Hamilton. 1 H n i

Brass
Knuckles

 

 

—‘ C. I“. F. l

Along the sports-way at State—

An event which the boxing fans at
State will not want to miss is the
matches at the Booker T. Washing-
ton center tomorrow, one of which
will feature our own Dannie Buccl.
How about a little support from
State for its product?

Anyone who wishes to make any
bets on the sophomore squad next
Friday is asked to communicate with
the sports department which is sad-
ly in need of money.——Advt.

A bowling match has been tenta-
tively scheduled by Sam Coppolino
with a faculty team. So far. Sam
says that Hicks. Smith, and Do.
Bell have shown interest in downing:
the underclassmen upstarts, Sam
has lined up several consistently
potent keglcrs from the underclassf.
roster. Edge, Laughton, Van Etten,l
Holmes, Gillcn, and Sam himself
will probably take places in the!
starting lineup. 5

With the interference dcvelopingi
from the use of the auditorium byI
other interests, the intramural bas—
ketball program has been shoved
several games behind schedule. The
possibility of using the gym on
Wednesday nights has been sug—
gested in order that the full roster
of games might be completed and
an intramural cup awarded. At the
time of this writing, the gym had
tentatively been secured on this
night at least for several weeks.

We urge that you guys take ad-
vantage of the open gym policy on
Tucsday, Wednesday, and Thursday
afternoons. If enough interest can
be built up in lhc usage. we feel
sure that M.A.A. will bc able to plan
morc dclinitc programs. :

0n the other hand, M.A.A., per-I
haps (lctinitc programs would stimu-
lutc infcrcsl‘.’ '

Tlll‘ drive for a "Student Union"
building is practically a drch for
biggcr and better sports at State.
Such a building would make easy
participation in practically any pro—
gram which sports cnthusiasts of!
thc collcgc could wish, A buildingi
(fcfinitcly for sludcnl use, such as,
the one outlined by Dr, Snylcs. Would f
obtain the facilities which intra-l
nuirnl sports nccd to do away withl
any inlcrfcrcncc. y

Although. of course, this building:
is not plunncd solely for sports, wc‘
fcc] that it comcs mighty close loi,
holding lhr future of sports at State. l
Ill conscqucncc. may “'0 ask you,|
if you can, to parlicipatc lll thc
drivc‘.’

'l‘hroughout lhc your. we liavc rc-
ccivcd \urious suggcsli us f'rom lc
lows wilh rcgtu'ds to sports at Statc.
dcspilc thc f'uct llnlt We made no
(lirccl. appcul for such suggestions,
We have taken up those llllllllfl'ni
with intramural officials and olhcrsl
at such times us we thought theyI
wcre pcrtincnt. usually with the dc-
sircd result bcing obtained. Wc
make such an appeal now, however.
for it should be rcnlized that the
ccnducl. of sports hcrc can be just
what you wont it to bc. nnd if it
isu'l, the fact should be made known
and corrcctcd. Our office, in par—
Llculnr, is open for whatever you
Want to llsc it. The moral of
thc slol'y is: if you 'unt anything
(if 110 ill llu- line of sports and don't
know how to do it yourscll‘, let Unclc
(Julhbcrl ill on your troublcs. We’ll
gct if for you or clsc,

By this timc “'0 hope that Student
council will Intri- dccidcd to in—
cludc a sulfur-junior game as n
prcludc. to l.hc sopb-frosh fracas.
Inasmuch as thc departure from thc
usual idczl of having lhc rivalry
gumc (ll thc night of sporls night
is bring curricd out as it was last
ycur. we fch that u prcllm would
hc almost III-ccssul'y to hpr fill out
the cycliiug.

 

r
I

 

l
l
l
1
l
l
f

f . , .
'i'lu- brcnk IJciWcl'n lhc vul'slly mcnl. wmm-r us well on victor Ill 21,

buskclbull scnson nnd llu- bcgmnuu:
of tcullls and buscbull lcuH-s in—
lrniuuinls lhc jll'llllv' mlcrcsl of thc
lnonunl, and u look of inlrnnuirulr.
shows lhut the iicld is of! bull full.
lim-Ju‘lbnll is. its. mcnlioncd. tlcd up
by olhcr uucrcsls lloullnu is fill»
ishcd for lhc scnsou. ’f'hc ultcrv
nocn programs in Ihc gym of box—
ing lcncing are lhc sole remaining
llllll't‘lo slimululors cu lhc plnnncd
list. Somclhlng oughta be done.

Frosli Face Sophs
ln Rivalry (lame
0n [agihurt

Frosh Arie Slight Favorites
as Close Battle Looms;
Spirit Runs High

There is a great verbal battle
going on this week betwaen the
freshmen and the sophomores con-
cerning the outcome of their rival-
ry game come next Friday night.
However, it will take more than
mere words for one group to over-
come the other when the referee
blOWS his whistle.

Every sophomore and freshman
man is eligible to participate in this
contest. The fresh will have a few
new members added to the regular
freshman team. On the other hand
the sophs present a squad made up
of a few varsity men and a much
greater number of those having no
varsity experience.

Ed Melanson has charge of the
frosh forces While Gadlin Bodner
runs the work of the sephs. The
yearling squad have such men as
Lehman, Seifert, Dickson. Hilton.
Bulmer, Brauner, Ray, Jordan, and
Merritt on their squad. The sopho—
more cohorts consist of Brophy.
Bucci, Danilewicz, Duffy. Day,
Gertz, Glllen, Saddlemirc, Mc-
Creary, Quinn, Haller, and Paris.

In spite of the lack of unity, the
sophomores are bound to mould a
formidable outﬁt f'or next week‘s
encounter. Danilewicz. Saddlcmire,
and McCreary all have had varsity
experience. Duffy, Holler, Gillen
and the rest are sufficiently pro—
ficient to be more than a plain
thorn in the side of the frosh.

The frosh have the advantage of"
the teamwork. Their squad is prac-
tically the same one that ended
a successful season two weeks ago.
Here is a fast-Clicking squad that
certainly will be no pushover.

However. facts and figures can
be discarded into the arh heap as
far as this game is canccrncd. The

flcam that fights the hardcst usually

comcs through.

Bolh lhc sophomorcs and the
l‘rcslnncn take spirit into account.
Ask any (1' lhc ycarlings who \\'lll
win and thc answer is u. cxpcclcd
So is lhc .moph unswcr for lhul
matter. Such terms as "wc‘ll slump
thcln into the ground" and “wc'rc
a cinch to win" come from both
sides. Neither tcam nor class has
any idcu of anything but victory.

ltlunors have it lhnl prior to lhc
rivalry gnmc lhc scniors will lucklc
lhc juniors. This is liol official
us ycl. but if undoubtedly will bc-
l'llllll' :lll :u‘fllllllly by [111- cud of ncxl
\vl-ck

Schenectadyfiluii
Wins Chess Game

'l'hc Schcnccliuly ()in Chess club
,l:1st Friday night wl buck the Stich
'squud for tho .sccond timc by n scorc
of llllg'l ‘2. The gunws \l'cl'c played
lll room Bill of' Draper hull.

Playing opposilc State on one
bonrd in this till. was John Muir.
formcr chcss champion of thc
Dominion of Canada.

A mccling of the club will bc
conduclcd shortly for thc clcction
ol‘ ol'i‘iccrs. At that limo a vote
will be taken to dctcrmim whcthcr
mcmbcrs nrc inlcrcstcd in cmploy-
lug tlu- scrviccs of Earl liununcl.
Albany chcss mnstcr, us instructor.

1‘1. A. Hovcrclgn. profcssionnl l'cnc-
mg cxpcrt from Virginia. lnndc his
first uppcnruncc as lnslruclor hcrc
chncsduy nl'lcruoon in llu- Mm.

’l‘hc currrnt ping-pong lourun-
nu-nl is rnpidly approaching ifs ('llll.
{At this writing Jim Snovcr, and
him. l'l(ll'lr.ll'lll hold lhc most 11d-
‘Vlllu'l'll porlflnlis, lwo gumcs dislnnl
‘lrom lhc finish.

Snort-r was lusl ycur's full lournn-

 

'gumc wuh .hu'k Murphy, wiuncr of
‘lhc spring lourncy. nnd slioyvs good
promim- of rcpcnling.

linppn llcln has been cxlcndlng
lpuuppcng to n lul'gcr sculc, turning
,in u victory chucsday ovcr n squud
jf'rom Phnrmucy collcgc, 4-3. (.‘xulncs
Willi l'ralcrnilfcs representing lt.P.I.
fund Union ul‘c plunucd f'or thc ncnr
future as well us competition wilh
the fraternity groups of State col-
lcgo,

rivalry team.

Scott. Hilton. Graves and manager

Yearlings Face Sophomore Squad

Members of the frosh squad which completed a successful season
under Hersh's coaching. and from which will be drawn next week‘s frosh
Left to right: front row, Seifert. Bulmer, Ray, Brauner.
Merritt. Dickson, Griffin; rear, Lehman. Johnson, Kaufman. Jordan,

Ed Melanson.

 

to wilncss the out-Shawning of Ted,
Shawn? Were you one of the dirndl ‘
dancers who had the bestest time
over just swinging it out in gala
peasant fashion? Then We bet you,
attended the W.A.A.
last Friday night!
From 8:00 to 10:00 o'clock Page
hall’s gymnasium was the scene of
one of‘ the most successful gather-

Athletic Groups

Sport Association to Present
Annual Event in Gym
Next Saturday

M.A.A. and W.A.A. will combine
'their efforts next Saturday night,
ill the presentation of thc annual
Sports Night program. bcginning in
.he ’ngc hall gym at 8'00 o‘clock.
Frank Klugc and Marjorie Baird.
juniors. nrc ncling ns jl'IlllL-L‘llllll'-
non for tho Wont, whilc J. Edmore
Mclunson. '39. is booked as master
of ccrcmonics of the owning.

Thc affair will be conducted in
two sections. Varied athletic cx—
hibitions will have the limelight in
the gym from 8:00 until about
1:30 o'clock. at which time the car—
nival is sclu-l'lulcd to open in the
Commons of Hawlcy hull. Follow-
ing the closc of the carnival. (lunc—
mg will be enjoyed until midnight.

Commiltccs functioning undcr the
co—clmirmcn include thc following:

Sports: basketball, Virginia Mit—
::hcll and Waltcr Simmons, juniors;
ping-pong, James Snovcr, '41. :1an
Edward Tomasion, '40; badminton.
.a‘lizubcth Elson, ‘41; vollcy bull.

an; square dancing, Frances Wood,
41. and Theron POWcll, '40; andi

llum 'l‘orrcns. seniors.
Carnival : door, Marjorie
and Frank Kluge, juniors;

Baird,

and William
Madelyn Beers.
Fhonms, '40; turllc ruccs. li‘runcesl

Brophy, '41;

wind conlcst, Louise Ilcssncy. ‘40,!
11nd Stun Smith, ‘41; bcun gucssing

llllllf‘, Curl Murollo. '42.

leh festival Provides Students

With Successful Entertainment

————— ©
Were you one of the lucky lasslesi

folk festival f

To H_ave Carnival‘

 

ings we've seen. And we do mean
successful! Not only did the girls
of the college crowd the gym, but
many faculty members were very
much in evidence and eager to par-
ticipate in the fun.

Responsible for most of the eve-
ning's festivities was Miss Jane Far-
well, director of recreation at the
famous Woodstock schools sponsored
by the National Youth administra-
tion. Miss Fax-well, assisted by sev-
eral of her pupils exhibited with
astounding grace intricate steps of
,Swedish and Norwegian folk dances,
f: then proceeded to teach the
fundamental routines to the entire
assemblage. She also led the group
lin those amusing little numbers

as "Hcy. Brownie." "Jump Jim
Crow." and “Susie in the Paw-Paw
Patch!" Nor was the ever popular
Virginia reel neglected. Students
and faculty alike left all thoughts
of books behind and whirled to-
gclhcr in this good old American
contribution to thc world of l'olk
dancing.

'I‘hc exhibition dances, kept secret
unlil the night of tho performance.
wcrc most cl'l'cclivc. Especially
worlhy of commcnl \\crc those cup—
:lblc modcrn dnnccrs of Miss Hitch—
cock's sophomorc gym group. Gurbed
in bluc gowns llcolards. thcy culled
'cm. but we wouldn't knowr, thc
zlrzpll'lllt; young ludics lcnpcd and

lungcd in the true Shawn fashion,

totally oblivious of that Albany
ncwspnpcr cameraman who insisted
on doing his bil. for postcrily or
photography or sump'n.

A selcclcd group of sophomore
tap-dancers also hclpcd contribute
to tho cvcnings lllll.‘l‘liilllnl(‘lll.
‘Whut's (iingcl' Rogcrs got thnl
S.C.'l‘. hasn't got? [Don‘t tell us—
li‘rcd Aslnircl. Nor wcrc the fresh
gym clusscs unrepresented. Three
groups of gully costumed girls clem-

lo the pleasure of the spectators.
chcr 111ch we seen quite so many

illlllbllllfs’. William HOPKL‘ “Dd Wil- :pcusnnt outflls, pigtails, dlrndls, ker-

chicfs, and gay colors collected to-
gclhcr in u singlc spot. Fun and

Uoca- ‘f'rolic were the passwords, and from.
Cola salesman, Louis Greenspan, '41; all appearances. everybody passed»
arrangcmcnts. Virginia Elson, '40,.Incidcntully it all just sllOWs to go
bingo. lwhat a darn swell time the weaker
’41, and Wilford sex can have all by its lonesome . , .
It hit tllc"

And the l'ruit punch!

lliuni, and Fred Duy. sophomores; ‘spot.

And we liked the entire program.
And Julio Farwcll's dirndl. And

-outcsl. Jumcs Quinn. '40; pcnny flioulsn Chapman‘s pigtails. And. in; 0
lug. Louile (Ihupnnin, ‘41; and (1an incl, the whole doggone utmosphcrc',

of l'csllvlly.

 

 

(.‘OF I? E E

 

 

Good Food and a Friendly Fire

at the

ASHES

Western at Quail

SIIOP

 

 

Touché!

 

 

B. C. '

To date, spring sports are to be
golf, at the Municipal golf course;
bowling, at the Rice Alleys; tennis
at the Washington Park courts;
archery on the dorm ﬁeld; baseball,
ditto. Inclusion of swimming in the
program is still a moot question.
There is a demand for swimming as
a spring sport, since it was not
offered during the winter. The points
to be settled before a decision is
reached concerning swimming are:
ﬁrst, whether the demand for the
sport is actually large enough to
compensate for its heavy running
costs; and second. Whether swim-
mers would be willing to have the
sport conducted as bowling has been
of late—that is, by small weekly
fees to cover part of the cost.

A list of sports captaincles open
for spring season will be posted on
the bulletin board, with the caption
that all who are interested may ap—
ply, including with their applica-
Lions lists of qualiﬁcations. This
statement is not merely a form. It
represents an ardent, desire of
Council and the whole association.
Captains of sports should be above
all interested in the sports they
hcad. Of course they should be
comparative experts in their fields;
but, (like the professor who had
to learn Anglo-Saxon to compre-
hend the real Beowulf, and now be-
cause of his knowledge of the sub-
ject. must teach Anglo-Saxon in
which he is utterly disinterested)—
what good are they? They diffuse
no great enthusiasm i'or the sports
to others, and because of lack of
interest themselves, allow their
sports to become mediocre—or worse
still—dead.

 

iwhich go by such intriguing names.

The present system of captaincy
appointments is ideal in theory. Ac-
jtually. it amounts to Council's re-
ceivmg one or two applications for
each position, and then being {creed
ro appoint an eager amateur. or else
waste time scouring the college for a
proficient. exponent of" the sport
1‘who doesn't really give a hang about
,ncling as captain.

; So, if you‘re ill/I‘I'I'slt'rf and think
lyou have ability—write a letter! You
‘,don't even have lo put postage on
ilmjust stick it in the mailbox ad-
.drcsscd to Louise Hcssney or Betty

Allen, And dcn't delay about send-
ing your missivc, because spring
scnson is hiding behind the skirts
of this most recent snowstorm,
promising to put in an appearance
on March 27. the Monday after
Sports night. (plug)

1: i 0'

So you liked the Folk Festival.
huh? We hcar that there have
been several requests to have it
continued as an annual event in
‘lllc A. A. cnlcndnr. We heartily
jnpprove (although such approba—
,‘ lion carrics no official weight)——with
illlc qualification that it should not
lbc made to serve as an “end of me
.scason" dessert. like the defunct

1'1‘0811. A1 Bllllllt—‘l‘; SOth. PH!” GI‘HI- onslrnlcd various folk dances muchfwinter awards banquet.

l
f GLEA SON
‘ COMPANY,

Inc.

 

. Manufacturing Jewelers
‘ and Stationers

Official Jewelers for
State College Rings
0
Scholastic and l"mtcrnily Jewelry

I‘Ingruvcd (‘ommcnccmcnt
Invitations and Stationery

Athlclic Awards 'l‘rophics

Jewelry Repairing,
Rebuilding and
Remodeling

683 Broadway

 

 

Albany, N. 1’.

 

.3 i-s-Lcaawunmwgmngi W, . 

 

