 

'2‘;

<  syn-imﬂw'f.

 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL

 

28. I939

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
*Coliege for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college year by the
Newa Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O’Hora, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzi, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

IIPIEBINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVINTIBING IV

Notional Advertlsmg Servrce, lnc.
College Publirber: Reprerentolive
420'MADison Ave. New YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' 30910" ' L05 AIBILII ‘ SAN FIANCIICO

THE NEWS BOAREDm I or f

none . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. or-m- ne
Elixirs]; O’Horm .. Oo-Editor-in-Cnief
Rosanr E. Han'rwro .... .. Managing Editor
O'rro J. Howe  .. Associate Managing Editor
LONARD E. Kowscsxv  Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. YOUNG ..... ..  Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. BlLZl .......................... .. Business Manager
JOAN M. BYRON   Advertising Manager
GRACE B. Casrrcmnu . . . . . . . . .. Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

Charles Franklin    Men’s Sports Editor
Betty Clark     .. Women’s Sports Editor

.. Assistant Sports Editor
.  Assistant Sports Editor

Feature Editors
Saul Greenwald Charles Walsh

Assistants to Business Board

Assistant Business Manager ................ .. Harriet Sprague
Assistant Advertising Manager .. Kenneth Haser
Assistant Circulation Manager .............. .. Mary Gabriel

ISSUE EDITOR

Saul Greenwald

“The Defense Rests ”

Today in the Legislature of the state will be dc-
cided the future of this college, not only for next
year, but for all the years to follow. We of the
student body rest, temporarily at least, upon the
action we have taken. We can do little but wait
for the decision that our representatives will make,
and we are quite content to accopt that decision,
feeling that we have stated our case as thoroughly
and as intelligently as befits a group of citizens of
the state.

Let us recapitulate briefly. ()ur stand has been
one prompted by self defense; we have asked noth-
ing that has not previously been ours. We have
sought no increases, satisfied that our school was
offering us more than a fair chance for a superior
education. We have merely attempted to maintain
that high standard which we have achieved through
years of effort.

Our motives have not been entirely selfish. We
have more than an apathetic regard for the future
of the secondary schools in which we will teach, and
for the students who will take our places here. We,
convinced that ctlucation is a basic principle of any
country, have attempted to set forth the disastrous
results of such a budget cut to State college.

Our demands have not been exorbitant. As
future citizens, wc uphold the principle of economy,
and we commend the efforts of the legislators to
lighten the load of thc ovcrburdcnml tax—payer.
llowcvcr, we sincerely bclicvc that such cconomy
should be plannrd as scientifically as is possible.
[following this principlc, wc would wclcomc an in-
vestigation of our own collch as conclusive proof
of its value. \\'c are certain that such an investiga-
lion would show lhc vital ncccssity of retaining
cvcry mcmbcr of the faculty. and cvcry rout of the
maintenance fund.

As a protest, it was nothing ncw and (llffcrcni;
but as a studcnt protest. organizcd, dircclcd, and
carried out by studculs it was of lrcmclulolls im-
portancc. it was an opportunity scldom offrrcd lo

  
    
   
  
 

 

 

 

 
   
 

§
5
5
37
‘<
m
:1

Joseph Bosley

 

 

young \‘otcrs, an opportunity to usscrt our preroga-
tive and to make our not-(Is frll. It should nt‘l'\'t‘ us
in thc futurc in good stood, for we havc conic face

to furc with (in: nulcbiucry of govcrmncnl, and we ‘

have conic out wiscr and morc.intcrcslcd citizcns.

Wi- have assorted our ideas as citizens of a great
static, and they have bccn received as such. We
can only, tin-n, as citizens of that szunc static, place
our trust and l't‘slit'tfl in the men chosen to repre-
sent us, and await their answer.

 

 

Conversation With An Idiot

 

 

. Commentstater
"When I was in Tibet,” said the old Llama, “not

so long hence, the great gammon told me of a college ‘

where the students had a voting system that was so
honest and fair and secret that they thought it would
work itself. And so they let it go, and interest lagged
more and more until only the candidates themselves
voted. Democracy went out the window and the whole
system went to pieces."

Yup, the gammon waS-right but then I always
think of the Llamasery‘s college when everybody voted
for their gammon in the great assembly. The papas
spread all over the place and lales that were dubious
Were practically told how to vote by these papas.
Maybe it was democracy but somehow when some-
body is looking over your shoulder, whispering to you
how to vote—.it doesn't seem right.

Maybe if the college had realized that they were
voting for their leaders without thinking, they would
have thought. but they didn't think, so they elected
thoughtless men without thinking. So, their lalas de-
cided that they wanted a fair deal. so they set up a
secret ballot. The voters had to walk about ten feet
out of their way when they went to see the dancing
girls. However, the lalas were too disinterested to
walk this or too lazy. Now the papas had irons in the
fire or were up for gammon or backgammon, and they
trudged this ten feet and missed watching the whirling
feet of the devilish dervishes—they voted and they
won. The lalas couldn't complain because they were
getting a secret ballot. This was democracy and that's
what they wanted.

Now, frankly, I think that this system and apathy
was highly odorous.

I know that I’m an old fog bound traditionalist but

r I think that you train for democracy, or whatever you

want to call it. every day in all the little affairs deal-
ing with your leaders and friends. Well, I guess that
I've said enough about that, guess I'll see what hap-
pened in the balloting for presidency of padded cell row.”

The old Llama cleared his throat with a mighty
"hum" and continued. “The Llamasery which I at-
tended had a number of great teachers but they al-
ways set in their little cupolas and muttered words of
oracular wisdom but did naught else. Oh, how I wish—
cd they could unbend and be one of us—cspeclally
when we were in our last year. I always felt that if
we'd had good discussion groups and they forgot our
marks we would have had better classes and learned
more in our and their special field. But the time I
suggested it they jeercd at me—and finally they sent
me here."

With a disgruntled laugh. the old Llama was led
away by his keeper.

Financial Appeasement

The annual senior dorm drive began a few weeks
before the liastcr recess, yct thus far only twenty-
fivc members have given promises of $100 to be paid
within ten years providt‘fl they sccurc a teaching
position. 15 this sum too much to pledge to thc
collt'gc which has given its students four years of
cducational growth? The contribution is used to
raise not only the prestige and standing of the col-
lcgc but also the living facilities for future teachers
to conic.

Fivr scnioi'n out of thc thirty-five who have. re-
ccivcd touching positions hovc givcn plcdgcs.
Surcly now that [licsc are placed in the field, they
can spi‘cinl oul 1hr $100 on a budgetary basis if
ncccssary. lf Illc pcoplc who rcccivo teaching posi-
tions do not plcdgc, how llllflt‘l' 1hr sun can onc
t-xpccl those who havc no jobs to plcdgc? 'l‘hosc
who now have ihc positions ought to hr the lcudcrs
for Ihosc who will follow.

’l'ln» plcilgillg rccord is thc poort'st of any class
in tho history of Stale collcgc. in post yctlrh‘ thc
nt‘lllol‘ (lassrs huvr contrilmlcd grncrously but it
sccms that “a slccping bug" has bitlcn thr class of
‘3‘). Scuiol‘s, graduation is ncar, bcttcr wakc up!

'l'hc dorm committcc has dcycloprd u ncw plan
which will mccl thc monclm‘y problan of the mosl
nmly \Iudcnl. 'l‘hc committcc has dccidcd to ac-
t‘t'lll plcdgcs in amounts ranging from $1 to $100
to bc paid ovcr the some pcriod of limc. 'l‘lu- objch
of tho plan is 1007. participation on tho port of
tln- scnior class.

Srniors, if you have money troubles hero is a
way of solving one of them. l’lcdge as much as
you can, and pay when you am, as you can. Help
the dorm committch

Catalogue Shows
Several Changes

Faculty Members Receive
Promotions This Year;
i Risley Withdraws

The new catalogue released to the
student body last week revealed sev-
eral changes in administration and
faculty. Due to the withdrawal of
Dr. Adna Rlsley, professor of his-
tory, Dr. Donnal V. Smith, profes—
sor of social studies, has been
named the new head of the depart-
ment, which itself has undergone a
reconstruction. This new system of
a qualifying examination and pre—
ceptors for the majors and minors
in this ﬁeld was explained in the
March 31 issue of the NEWS.

Faculty Promotions

Many of the faculty have been
awarded professorships and assis-
tant professorships this year. They
are as follows: Dr. Howard DoBell,
professor of mathematics; Dr. Mar-
garet Betz. assistant professor of
chemistry; Dr. William French, as-
sistant professor of education; Miss
Marion Kilpatrick. assistant profes-
sor of English; Dr. Thomas Kinsella,
assistant professor and supervisor of
Commerce; Dr. Caroline Lester, as-
sistant professor of mathematics; Dr.
Robert Rienow, assistant professor
of social studies; Mr. Daniel Snader,
assistant professor and supervisor of
mathematics; Mr. Wallace Taylor,
assistant professor and supervisor
in social studies; and Mrs. Mae
Webb, assistant professor of librar-
ianship.

Members to Return

Faculty members who will re-
turn from their sabatical leaves next
year are Ralph Baker, assistant in-
structor of social studies; Catherine
Peltz, instructor in English; John
Sturm. assistant instructor in chem—
istry; and Dr. Harold Thompson,
professor of English.

Marion Lutz and Dorothea
Shultes. assistant instructors in li-
brary, have been added to our
library staff.

 

 

 

State
of
Affairs

EBOH

Is that the faint roll of drums
that I hear? Is that a call to arms

'to make the world safe for demo-

cracy. that I hear filling our land
and our press? Is the great propa-
ganda machine again in motion and
ready to stenmrollcr us into the
next war?

 

 

If there is anything that a clear-
thinking democratic-loving person
does not want is to see the United
States embroiled in a war. How do We
know that this war would not end
our democratic nation and convert
us to Communism or Fascism? How
are We Americans to know that this
next war will aid us or the world
any—will it produce within another
decade. a man who would rise and
mcnncc the security 01' the world
just us Hitler is doing today—~13}:-
nctly twenty one yours after the
'wnr to 0nd wars' ondcd?

Wc can not become n participant
in another \vnr——wc have our prob-
lems nl. homcmgrcnt economic dis-
tress nnd racial prcjudicc. Before
we can fight another war abroad—
to make the rust of the world
lltlllllllyWWt‘ must mukc our own
111 nullon well.

The British nrc conscriptng mil—
llions to uid in their defense of their
nation and dcmocrncy and yet,
Lloyds of' London urc butting 39 to
1 thin. thrri- will not. be u war in
liluropc this ycur. We wonder if
tin.- grcut British propugundn mu-
chino is l'vrdlng scare hcndllncs to
our nnllon or in tho world as jittery
us the cxtrus make it seem. We
wish that all the thinking librrnls
would rcud cnroi'uliy lhclr pupcrs
bcforu thcy lump of conclusions.

Wc are certain that we do not
want a buyonct in our guts. nor do
We want to conic buck to our family
with an arm or log missing. We
don‘t want to do this to any body
also clthcr. Wr want to live pcucnbly
with our neighbors and friends. We
want to make our nation economic-
nlly snncwwc want to be happy.
So in Il‘cchn’s numo don't let. any—
one blow a bugle now and please
break those drums.

 

 

 

Kampus

Kapers

 

 

 

Spring and lots of other things are
in the air. The young man’s fancy
turns again to the affairs of the
heart—and other things. The gals too
can be included. It has been a long
time since State college has been
in such a condition of suspended
excitement. In cases of emergency
Washington park is just across the
way with lots of grass and benches.

The year will be climaxed for
the fraternities (all four of them)
by the presentation of an Inter-
fraternity scholarship cup to be
awarded on Moving-up day. See if
you can pick the winner—without
prejudice, boys. In a few years
there is a possibility that the men
will out-class the girls! KDR up-
roots Saturday from 117 South Lake
to go Western. Let's wish them
luck in their new habitat and hope
for a house-warming soon. E. E.
Potter club started down the re-
maining stretch of the Year with 9.
via party Friday night. There was
a bit of a hitch about feeding the
faculty guests—but Emily Post could
have done no better. We hear that
the Sigma Lambda Sigma formal
was a big success. The decorations
were unusual and very attractive;
and the girl friends were certainly
treated right—~what with favors and
printed programs. The Kappa Beta
formal arrives this Friday. The
house has been newly interior-deco-
rated. so the dance will initiate the
improvements—partlcularly the re-
conditioned floors.

The sororities have been Singular-
ly quiet. in deference perhaps to
fraternity activities. By the way.
President, Brubacher at the Inter-
fraternity banquet Wednesday night
suggested the men's houses lacked
the feminine touch—other than that
of the sororities! Good point! Chi
Sig had a tea dance Sunday after-
noon. Therc is a. type of entertain-
ment slightcd for the most part by
State students. Chi Sig also is plan-
ning to replace its sign any day
now. At Gamma Kap last Saturday
the other sororities were entertained
at tea. Sigma Alpha moved re-
cently to South Lake avenue—they
got the spring fever too.

We can‘t close without letting you
in on the best quote of the week.
As one Myskania member to an-
other, She said: "He's terrible when
he's aroused—but companionable.”

Walrath Announces
Sophomore Banquet

The class of 1941 will conduct its
annual banquet in the cafeteria of
Hunted hall, Tuesday at 6:00 o‘clock.
according to Merrill Walrath. presi-
dent of the class. Mr. Wallace W.
Taylor. assistant professor and sup-
crvlsor of social studies. will be
guest spcakcr.

Tickets for the affair are now on
sale and are priccd at fifty cents.
Entertainman following the meal
will be in charge of John Gnrdephc.

Committccs are as follows: Robert
Agnc. gcncral chairman: arrange-
ments. William Brophy, chairman.
Bcrtha Built and Lydia Bond;
tickcls. Robcrl. Hcrtcl, chuirmnn.
Curol Knll'l'cn and Rosemary
Bruckcr; publicity. Ircnc Pogcr.
l‘llllll'lllilll. Bcutrico Dowcr, John AI—
dcn. and Gerald Snddlcmirc; guests
and speakers. Stnlllcy Smith. chair—
mnn. Sylvia Grocnblutl. und Doro—
thy Pcuk; cutortuinmcnt, John Gar--
dcphc. chairman. Clinrlcs Mnnso and
Arnold Ellcrin; door. Paul Cirnttun
und Stcphrn Kusuk; wnltcrs. lmsllo
(irrdts.

F‘uculty gucsls lncludc: Miss Hcicn
ll. Morclnnd. dcun ol' stndcnls; Mr.
lu‘. Slovcn Morton, usslstunt instruc-
tor in English; Mr. Edward I...
('oopcr. instructor in commcrcc. and
Mrs. Cooper; Dr. ltobcrt. W. Frrdcrn
ick. profcssor of education. nod Mrs.
I“l'ctlt'l'l(‘.k: Dr. J. Alluh llicks, pro«
tumor of guldnncc. and Mrs. lllcks.

Press Bureau Has Tryouts

All freshmen and sophomorrs in—
torcstcd in trying out for Press bu—
rcuu are asked to get in touch with
Betty lluncc immediately. Prrmns
trying out must be able to type. The
Press bureau pcrt‘orms a service both
to tho studcnls and to the collcgo
by bringing the name and activities
of the college before the eyes of the
people of the state.

 

 
  
  
   
   
    
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
    
     
 
 
  
   
  
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
   

 

Submarine Cornet Hood: for the Bottom

Leaving a smoky trail oi bubbles in h l: B t F Id '
down put the observation window burilt‘ihl:’th: 3w cit/33525.25:

 swimming pool. The window is and to study the action of swim-

     

lmrrnnhonsl

  
  
  
 

  
   
     
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
 

No. 1 Intercollegiate Beauty Turn

Hero on the seven reasons wh th U ' 't l A
defeated Kent Stole Univenityyin the h::?ht:r:ollo:ib‘i:
buut contest. Judge Edgar Martin, creator of the "Boot: -
and er Buddies" cartoon, is in the center. Akron Beacon Journal

A Long, High Fly 9

. . . was tho result of this hit by Carl
Morgen ol Manhattan College in 1
on udy-scuon diamond duel with "
Columbia University's Lions.

 

l) -

 

he

  
 

ed

 
 
  

ed

 

Now Duty for Initiation Intern»

l hingth l t l l '

J St. c..l.7:7.'l’23.35'.'3.."3n'l’gi'ii'.’3393.1 .
mt: oi initiator into the College of St. Thoma.
society forum-medic and pvo-dontal students.

 

 

he
get-

      
  
  
   

 

   

m-
will
his
der

   
   
  

rate

all
age
rue.
the

  
   
  

.Widz World.

  

  

 
  
   

 

