' l

    L: I g   Sui/Lite Photos
i ' ' Unusual Camera Studies

.VM‘-.._...MW

Most popular of all photographic subjects
among the collegiate amateurs oi the na- 4 M _

“on are scenes OtnatheitOFthiS dMSiO" in  l " i '  ~  ' . 1 Most unusual are the results obtained when the photo?
0W Special cont?“ had th¢ Steatﬁt "umber ' ‘  ' rapher sets out to create his own pictorial subjects without
oi entries. The general excellence'oi the .   "1 a V relying on the set limitations of an individual or a scene.
,phOtOS SUtDMitted made the taSh 0t ther  i u ‘ With an opportunity to torm his own compositions, to regu-
iudses 0t this dtVtSion‘ PattiCUIatlY dittiCUIt-   ‘ late his lighting, to control movement and lorm, the pho-
lt 596% had 529" BVailable/ this issue  “ i tographer gains results that are always interesting and usually
WOUtd have Contained alm°5t three times _    ,, a - technically pertect. Second most popular division in the
the muttth 0‘ scenic PtCtUTeSI t0' that large '- I i‘ ,L 1 t g ' i I 7 Collegiate Digest competition, the still lite section winners
numbemtalmmtequal high qualltY wet? in _ ‘ - i _   ‘ * a  I on this page reveal again the important place the student
the sew-Finals leiSlO" in the iUdStng- l" 1  fj:  v i  ‘1' ,- i; u ' and Faculty amateurs have attained in the ranks oi the non-
the thfee Ph°t°5 0" this Page we P'esent ‘   q - ‘ prolessional photographers. The chess picture is an excellent
the final seleCtionsl Ph°t°5 WhtCh We be' ‘  example ol a composition that has been tormed and lighted
“eve PaY high complimems t0 the ability -   a is . in such a manner that a perlectly inanimate scene assumes
ot collese' photographers to beautifully . _ '  t . i lite and brilliance. The remarkably sharp picture oi the sleep-
at‘d accurately 'eCOVd the Scenic wondets   ' ‘ , , l V " y 1, ing cat is one ol the most photographically periect photos
0t the WOVICt abOUt “5- Many 3'3 the ele'   . . l ‘ entered. The water lily print is an excellent example oi an
men“ C°n5tdeted in lUdSlng PtCtO'lal Pho' I - 3. outdoor still lite creation. All in all, these three photos ac-
togtaphsl bUt Chlet qualities comideted ate \ . I .,  curately rellect the range 0t interest that is obtainable in
i composition, technical excellence. s __ ,A / "f’ 3t * Still “[2 photography,

. . .whi H " ' i ‘

"spite i
with tan

FlutPiln Jack Mendelsohi H H Kenneth   I \'
Conege or the City of Ni, ,. Checkmate “'"P'l" University of Minnesota ” . H _ _
. ' Sleeping Beauty Rene Williams, Jr.

sum, M“ . Los Angeles City College

"Salute to the Sun" Sarah Elizabeth Freeman

mid Priu Johns Hopkins University

“Apollo's Descent” 5m“ "t" Kenneth Sigiord

University of Minnesota

HSYlVGH Serenity" mum. Robert A. Buckles

Purdue University

 

