.E 1.939413%chedule

At the organization meeting of
. Debate council conducted recently,
plans Were formulated for the 1939-
’40 season. The meeting was mark-
ed by the election of Paul Grattan,
’41, as member of council.

‘ Grattan has been elected to the
council to take the place of Lee
hurling, who did not return to col-
lege this year. This appointment
automatically made Grattan treas-
urer of the council. Grattan was a
member of the varsity debate squad
last year and now is clerk of the
Forum of Politics.

The debate schedule for this year
is now being prepared. This sched-
ule will call for the squad to make
trips through southern Massachu-
setts. Connecticut and the western
part of New York State. The squad
will begin debating in November and
continue until April or May. The
council plans to schedule more de-
bates during the first semester.

Tryouts for the varsity debate
squad were conducted yesterday and
the results will be announced next
week in the News. Debate seminar
is required of all members of the
varsity squad. The seminar is sched-
uled for every Thursday at 3:30 dur-
ing the first semester. The first
class begins Thursday.

Tryouts for the freshman squad
are to be conducted in the near fu-
ture. The squad debates several
debators attended several debate
home and away.

lISTEN TO
FRED WARING
and his Pennsylvonlons,
5 nights a week
N B C stations.

hcstcrﬁc

 

s

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, SEPTEMBER 29, 1939

Junior Reception To Honor Sayles

Paul Grattan, general chairman, and Merrill Walrath, class president, ,

in charge of tonight’s combined Junior and President’s reception.

 

 

Sororities win Fete

Freshmen Tomorrow
(Continued from Page 1, Column 1,}
merits, Gamma Kappa Phi, headed
by Frances Field, ’40; flowers, Beta
Zeta, headed by Geraldine Thomp-
son, ’40; music, Phi Delta, Marie
Metz, '40; printing, Pi Alpha Tau,

’43 Learn to Dance!

Froshi DON’T let your falter-
ing feet give you an inferiority
complex! DON'T slither past the
Commons door each noon with
that hangdog expression on your
face! Join freshman dancing
classes, and let Rita Sullivan and
her aides show you what’s new
along terpsichorean lines.

 

:Gamma, Ruth Donnelly, ’40.

 

 

 

Bella Lashinsky, ’41; clean-up, Psi,

l

PTEB Offers Students

Numerous Opportunities

After six days of active service to
the student body the PTEB offers
the following report: applications
filed to date, 128; opportunities on
record fora men, 32; opportunities on
record for women, 5'7; total 89.

There are opportunities for soda
Jerkers, experienced sales girls,
experienced barber. office help and
stock room help. Those who are in—
terested in any of these positions
should register with PTEB in the
dean of students office. To reach
the bureau through the mail, drop
a note in the box behind the main
bulletin board in the basement of
Draper hall.

Greeks to List Members

Student council requests all fra-
ternity and sorority presidents to
submit a complete list of active
members as soon as possible. Lists
should be placed in the Student
council section of the mailbox.

 

Junior Reception Tonight

’Coutbmed from page 1, column 5)
line Scesny, chairman of the ar-
rangements committee. has given a
statement concerning the handling
of name-cards and introductions to
Chapell. The captain of each junior
guide group will supply the mem-
bers of his group with name tags,
and. at the receiving line will intro-
duce them to Chapell.

The committees who haVe planned
tonight’s entertainment: music,
Lydia Bond; refreshments, William
Brophy; arrangements, Madeline
Scesny; clean-up, Stanley Smith;
entertainment, Cyril Kilb.

 

 

 

STATE STUDENTS . . .
Eat and Save at the . . .

IDEAL RESTAURANT
1 Central Ave., Cor. Lark

 

 

Men and Women of State

Have your Laundry
Called for and Delivered

REASONABLE RATES
WILLIAMS LAUNDRY
3-5482
See "Eiv" Williams, ’42
for particulars

 

 

l

l

MADISON SWEET SHOP

Home Made Ice Cream
and Lunches
785 Madison Avenue
3 Doors from Quail St.

2-9733 We Deliver

 

 

 

 

TUNE IN WITH

PAUL WHITEMAN
Every Wednesday night,
C B 5 stations.

or those who want the best
in cigarette pleasure

You’ll find in Chesterﬁeld’s RIGHT
COMBINATION of the world’s best home-

11/4066 yet/r
next/dot-

Copyright I939, users-r a urns ’l'ouscco Co.

grown and aromatic Turkish tobaccos a
more refreshing mildness, better taste
and a more pleasing aroma than you’ll
ﬁnd anywhere else.

It’s a combination entirely dlﬂerent from
any other cigarette . . . a good reason why
smokers every day are getting more plea-
sure from Chesterfields. You’ll like them.

 

 

 

State College Ne

 

 

 

 

Z443

S'i‘:\'i‘i". COLLEGE mu Ti-Z.-\(Tlliii\'S, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, ()c'rouiau o, 1939

Von XXIV, No. 3

 

Student Assembly
To Select Choice
Of Wstems

Student Council Investigation
Reveals New Method
Meets Approval

Lloyd Kelly. '40. president of the
Student association. announces that
today's business assembly will iii—
clude in the agenda the question of

the new voting system which was

presented last year by Myskania.
Present System

The system required payment of
class dues and student tax to be eli-
gible to vote or run for office. The
voter was required to present his
student tax card and was then given
an official ballot. Voting took place
on the Commons balcony, which was
divided into three sections. Thus
three voters could be accommodated
at one time without loss of secrecy.
The votes were then dropped into
the ballot box. There was no proxy
voting.

As this system was only set up for
a trial period of one year. ending
June, 1939. Myskania was forced
this year to return to the old system
of voting which required the voter's
name to be signed to the ballot.

Council Investigates

Upon Myskania's request. the Stud—
ent council investigated the students'
opinion on the new voting system.
This investigation was conducted
with the aid of the three class presi-
dents. the Forum of politics, on
Student council officers. In its re-
port to Myskania it was rcvoaled
that popular sentiment is in favor of
the new system with minor changes.

A resolution, sponsored by Robert
Agile. '41, providing for
changes will be introduced in the as-
sembly this morning. It reads as fol-
lows:

.\. Ito ii rcsoiicii iiinl .\lpakunln
publicly pool for ni icnnt llircc (luys iiii-
conipli-lo uninci'lcnl rcsnlin of nil t'iilhh
nml Ninth-III ilhhtil'lillllill cicciionn. llllti
iiIi- nIinii-rlcnl l'l'hllllh of oil I'l'\'l)l1'h Iii-
I'ltil'llilll lo Nilt'ii vim-lions, with tho ox-
ccpiion Ilnil I'lnnl rcnulia \Ilili'li would
noi'iimlly not lw unnonnccll prior to
\loIing-np tin), ~illill in- posh-d in tho
|il't‘h('l'llt1'li nninnci' |i,\ noon of tho filon-
iinp lmnu-liluiclp l‘oliouiui.r \Iuiing-np
till).

ll. 'I‘iini ('illliiltlilii'rs IUI’ rill-m illlli
Sliiili-Ill Iii-soi'lnilon oi'i'lt'cs. In- m-Ii-I'ii-li
for rcioicn in iiu- l'olloning ninnncr:

From ll list of i'illltlilillll'\ ni'rnngI-Il
l‘roni lop to lmlioiii in tho dcsccmllng
orllcr ol' “H‘il' uuincricnl volc. lln- hillllll-
out nnmln-r of cnmlidnic» Inning in
tin-1r iotni \oic u clcnr nmJoriiy of oil
\tlli‘h cunt, sluili In- Nt'it'l'li'd from tho
top of tho list for I'I'illli‘b.

D and A to Present
Dr. Gogarty, Irish Wit

On Friday. October 13. lhc coun-
cil will begin its uctivilics with lhc
prcscntutlon of Oliver St. John
(logurly, famous Dublin wll, pol-l,
doctor, slulcsnnin und ruconlcur.

Dr. (iogm'i.y is cspcciuliy well
known for his vivid commentaries
on Dublin “iv and socicly und is
churoctcrlsticully Irish  robust,
olcrl, and clcrnnily youthful.

Ills poclry is hi the classic lrudl-
lion and his |)I'(l.’~‘.c includco. umong
olhcrs. such works as "'i‘lunbllng in
the IIuy" and "1 Follow St. Patrick."
(llussil'iod by Wililum liullcr Yculs.
l'olnons l'inglih‘h pol-l us "our. of tin-
grculcsl lyric [lili‘ih' of our ago," Dr.
(logurly. on his ili'hl Amcrlcun tour.
is cxpcclml by lhc council to afford
cxcciicnl. clilci'iulnuu-nl lo ull Slulc
colicgo studcnls.

A change in ilu- ulclhod ol try—
outs for Drumullm liiiii Al‘l council
bus boon Illinonnccd by .lqu- Wilson.
'10, president of lhc council Muss
Wilson slulcs lliul cundldulcs will
bc judged on tlicli' (ii'iilililill' criti—
l'lhlll und ubilily. '

As in previous ycurh, lhc ln'umnllc
and Arts council will conlinuc lo
sponsor lls unnuul lii'l‘h‘l'illllllllli ol'

pluys. 'l‘hcso pcrl‘oruuinccs by lhc holly lllli uiso ncgulcs lhc work of “mg” “.1.” 1m“.

Advunccd Drumolics chle will be
conducimi every other 'l'ucsduy und

 

No Classes Thursday
State college classes will not
meet Thursday, October 12. This
has been arranged to enable the
teaching staff to attend a meet-
ing in Albany of the Association
of Teacher college and Normal
school faculties. However, since
Milne high school will operate as
a demonstration center for visit-
ing teachers of the association,
senior practice teachers will meet
their classes on that day.
, Dr. Harry Hastings. professor
l of English, is in charge of ar-
rangemenls for the banquet at
: the Ten Eyck hotel Thursday
i evening. Dr. Hastings represents
State college on the executive
committee of the association.
Although classes will not be in
session Thursday. the administra-
tion has announced that the col-
lege library will be open for study
on this day.

 

"Sophomore Class to Greet Freshmen

 

CAP Program
: Begins—Each y

{Delegates Will Attend State
Conference at Cornell
October 13 to 15

I

l

i The Student Christian association
will launch its commission program
jfor the year on Tuesday when the
“‘Cth X”, the newly created SCA
commission for commuters. will

 

 

Kelly to Conduct
Business Meeting
r

lCommittees to Give Reports;
i Students to Select
l Campus Beauty

i
' This morning's assembly will fea-
llure a regular business meeting ac-
lcording to Lloyd Kelly. '40, president
'of the Student association. Included
in the agenda will be consideration
of the voting system and voting for
campus queen. Several of the com-
missions will also present reporis to
the student body.

Senior women competing for the
«honor of campus queen are Mary
Arndl. Dorothy Prltchard, Rita Sul-
ison. Myskania, senior campus ld'
Icrship society, will supervise the vol-
ing. Voting will be done on ballots
distributed by Myskaniu.

meet for the first time. The program
lfor the rest of the Week includes a
faculty-student panel discussion. a
guest speaker at the Social Action
commission meeting, and a state-
wide wcek-cnd conference at Cornell
university.

The "Club X" will have its initial
meeting at noon on Tuesday. Com-
muters will meet in the Lounge of
Richardson hall where they will elect
officers, select a name for their club
and make plans for the coming year.
Mary Jane McNamara and Edgar
Perrclz. seniors, will head this group.
, Sciiedulc Discussions
, On Wednesday at 3:30 o'clock. the
Student and Religion commission
‘wlli sponsor a faculty-student panel
discussion on the subject. “What
lis an Adequate Philosophy for Mo-
|dern Living?" Miss Margaret Hayes,
assistant professor of guidance, Dr.
lMilton G. Nelson. Dean, and Dr.
IRaiph G. Ciausen. assistant profes-
sor of science, will speak for the fa-

Lhese livan. Mary Trainor, and Jane Wil- icuity. while Mary Miller and Merrill

IWulrnlh. juniors. talk for the stud-
.ents.

f Mr. Bertram Atwood will address
>students at the first Social Action

At Eight o’clock Tonight in Page Hall

J Art Cardney’s ‘King’s Cadets’
v To Provide Dance Music
After Reception

PACKER IS CHAIRMAN

Myskania to Clarify Rules
As Inter-class Rivalry
Officially Begins

’42 PRESIDENT

The sophomores will officially
greet the claSs of 1943 tonight in
Page hall at 8:00 o’clock. The even-
ing's program, according to Alice
Packer, general chairman, will con-
sist of a Welcoming address by Paul
Merritt, president of the class of 1942,
reading of the rivalry rules by mem-
bers of Myskania, a skit and danc-
ing and refreshments in the gymna-
sium.

Myskania will open the program
by filing on the stage of the Page
hall auditorium in the traditional
manner. Merritt will then welcome
the freshmen on the part of the
hosts, the sophomore class. Desig-
nated members of Myskania will
clarify the rules. regulations and
customs governing college traditions
for the benefit of the freshmen.

Sommers is Author of Skit

‘ Roy Sommers has written the
lweicoming skit, Ira Hirsh will

0
Kappa Phi Kappa
T C H ldgect tliedstunt. The skit is a “take-
0 ll  H s . ‘ H
0 onvene ere can... Me??? $5.933. $3533

a moral choice between heaven and

Chapters of Kappa Pm Kappa. hell. The cast includes Glen Wol~
professional educational fraternity mm! Roy sommm's' Pm” Menu“
of New York and the New England Carmen Capollo and Carl Marotto
states. will conduct a regional con- m we leading "0195' HIPS“ 3""
fcrcnce here tomorrow. The local Chi “ounces than “Sommers has wrlt'
chapter ,5 planning a supper “Layton a masterpiece. one of the best
the meeting [01. a general gebmwsklts ever to be presented at State.

 

 

 

 

 

Paul Merritt, president of the
second year class, who will greet
the freshmen tonight.

, .  .' .  j. .. v . .. . We unllclintu .‘ -
l The “ivlslon of me Systems of commission meeting on Tiiuisduy at gelhci oi the local membeis and mu 1 Cl SWINE it for Cam

.voling and making annmuiccments
fwlii be discussed. Haskell Rosenberg,
"40. chairman of Campus commis-
sion. will give instructions concern—
ing lhc posting of all notices. A list
,‘ol' lhcsc rulcs uppcnrs clscwhcrc in
lhc Nun's,

Puui Mcrrill. '42, prcsidcnl, of the
sophomore class, will introduce a
rcsolulion lo the cll‘cct that the ill-

coining sophomorcs shall pnrchuscj
u bunncr before Activities duy l'ori

the incoming freshman class.

Among the resolutions to be ill-l

lroduccd during this morning‘s as-
sembly is one calling for the inclu-
islon of advertising in future edi-
lllons of the student directory. The
“ext of lhc resolution follows:

"itcsolvcd lhui Student council
shall appoint a Directory board not
[later than March if) and that this
vbourd be enlarged to include on ad-
ivcrlising stuff”.

‘31le o‘clock. Mr. Atwood is the assis—
‘lunl minister at the First Reformed
Church of Albany. His subject will
‘bc "The Opportunities and Values
of Community Social Action."
Will Attend Conference
The annual Fall Student Christian
conference will meet. at Cornell Imi-
lvcrsity on October iii. 14 and )5.
The conference is composed of on
I lUIIll/liiiil'd on prior ’,. column III

 

Faculty to Attend Meeting

A meeting of delegates from
lhc colleges and universities of
New York slate is to be conduct-
c(i today and tomorrow at Lake
Mohuwk, Dr. Fox of Union Col-
logo will preside over the con-
vcnlion. Acting president Dr.
.loini M. Suyics. Dean Milton G.
Nelson mid Dcun of Students
i-Icicn Morciund will represent
Slulc.

 

 

l

licstorc 'i‘iic Voting Syslciii

 

 

'l‘hc Slulicul lihbill luliou today

will hzn'c lhc opportunity lo rcsiorc

or .‘iiulllhll lhc \‘ullllg syslcin which no.» pl'cscnlcll lusl spring by the

WW .\Iyslluulu. .\I that limc. lllc :Isscnibly udoplcd ii I'csoluliou pro-l

riding for lhc sclling up oi u ncw bullolhig proccdurc for u trial period.

This Inornin' lll'li'lih‘ lhc cud of lhul icrioll' .‘i linui (iccision is in in”
h ‘ l ‘ ,(l()lllilll3illill'il‘5, cdllorluls, bricl’ urti-I

lliiilll'.

.‘Ippi‘ovui of oil.
llcniolrulimllou oi this proccliurc,

.\ .\un'cy of hilitli‘lll opinion shows [but lhc ncw svslcui mccls fhc,”"””“' ""“00’15' “"d
Huggcslious also huvc hccu unulc for lhc further

and rcsolulious In this clfccl will

lhc lli‘i'hl'llll‘ll lolluy in sludcnl :Isscuihlv.
A 'l'hc syslclu linulglu'ulcll lust spring lu‘oughl morc dcuioci'ucy into

our sludcul govcrnuicnl.

:cscmbiy Ilol only is dclriuicului lo lhc bcsl iulcrcsls oi the sludch

\\'c lhcl'clorc limin urgc cvcry nicuihcr oi lhc slulicnl body to excr—I

i

will “an,”le m H“. mm. plum-(Ml‘lhl‘ his righl lo rcslorc lhc voliug syslcln lolluy. l

'i‘o I'I‘\'l‘i‘| lo lhc old syslcui oi voling lu‘

‘ H _ ,‘by dropping a note to Janice Fried-
m-‘ll‘ll'll 1tgulun, '40. or Robert Agile, '41. Slu-

vlsnors‘ ,zpus day. but the sophomores can
Them Wm be two sessions of monssurc you of even a better stunt

conference. The first will meet lnlior “it"r'cm“ rivalry",

Ilthc morning from 10:00 to 12:30l Dancing In Gym

     
'niumv 5‘00 b_(’lock- ' will adjourn lo the Page hail gym-
‘ ‘ ,1 l. ‘- H I ‘nnsium whcrc Arthur Cnrdney's
i Topics to bcciisCIIsse(l conic un- o-ng-S Cadets“ Wm provide music
;dc" the followmg 11006181 ‘1’ Dl'O-lor dancing. Cordncv has recently
grams, pructlccs and policies of cum— .mLm-ned [mm H suﬁnnprvs em).qu
plis chapters; (2) ways in which thclmom at Silver Bay Lake Georrc
;nnllonul organization cull ball” lone of the more popular spots on tin;
lscrvc the interests of the campus mke. This 15 ms my,“ “Dimminnce at
.chuptcrs: (3) national problems and slum, he has played previously at,
ipollclcs calling for the support and{both Sicnu and St. Rose colleges
‘COODCl'i‘illoll of the campus chapters. Cm-dney-S orchestra aims to please'

The slipper Wthh the 100‘“ Chill)" lboth sweet and swing music fans
ter is planning will be conducted at T1 , ,1 1, . '
the Princess Put tea room at 0:30 to,  ,(ﬂm in)?” 01. the cmmnmces
O'clock tomorrow mgm' i it icccpt on me Kay Peterson.

publicity; Betty Simmons. orchestra;
I M. " I‘Doiorcs Havellck. refreshments;
Magazme  Appear Henry Brunner, door; Harry Pas-
. I .. , .. , .
l Week of Thanksglvmg so“, mimigeinents.
_ H i ' ‘ ‘ Accmdlng to Merritt, sophomores
lilo that issue of The Statesman. Wm rigidly enforce all college mun-
the new (‘OUOBL‘ 111081121110. will Lion beginning tonight. Since there
“(ifmic out during the Week 01 limvo been complaints that freshmen
Illll‘lllkhui\"lllil- This is the WWII“ have been violating college tradition.
ll‘hc dutt announced by Hill'l‘lcl sophomores will henceforth report
priuguc and Marcia Brown. seniors, up Such Holmium LO Mygknnl
‘co-cditoi‘ﬁ of the publication. ‘ I n'
, The two college magazines, ’l‘lnz‘
Illou und The Echo, were combined;
,lust spring by u vote of the student,
assembly, the boards of both inugn- RUIN!
zines bclug consolldulcd lnlo onc. Cuuipus conunlaslon has sat
innit. Both publications were morgcdl the following rules governing the
to Inukc on entirely different cdl— use of the mailbox:
lion. The magazine will feature; Notes must be ul least 3 by 5
inchcs in size.

Notes must be dated so that
mull will not uccuuiulutc.

Rules governing the bulletin
board:

No poslcl'ﬁ or notices are to go
on bulletin board unless upprov~
cd by u mcmbcr of Campus coni~
mission.

Locker Rooms:

No smoking or outing in locker
rooms.

No Smoking in Lounge:

Smoking is allowed only in
Commons, Cafeteria and small
room off Annex.

 

(fallopian Commission

cics, stories, poems, i'ucnliy c0iu-'
illustrations.

Cub classes inch been organized:
in creative writing. art. and business;
to facilitate lhc production of a bet- f
for publication. The creative writing
clusncs will bu conducted on Thurs-
duys of 3:30 o'clock. They will bc
conduclcd by Mr. Louis Jones, in»
structor in English. Anyone inicrcsl~
ed muy sccuro l'urihcr informnilmr‘

 

(ionls interested in art cub classes;
should contact Alice Abclovc or:
John Alden. Juniors.

 

 

 

 

 

