 

Page 2

\

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH [0, 1939

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O’Hora, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzi, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffioe

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTIBING BY

National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publixber: Representative
dzo'MADisoN AVE. New YORK, N. Y.
CHICAGO ‘ BOSTON ' L05 ANOILIS ‘ SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD
JEAN S'ruono   Editor-in-Ch.icf
EDGAR B. O'HonA  . Co-Editor-in-Chicf
ROBERT E. ch'rwm ................... .. Managing Editor
O'r'ro J. Howe  _ Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. Kowmsnv . . Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. Youxo  . Associate Managing Editor
VlC'l‘OklA A. BlLZl  Business Manager
JOAN M. Brnon  Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CASTIOLlNE .. .. Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF
Charles Franklin ..  .   . Men's Sports Editor
Betty Clark . . ..   Women’s Sports Editor
William Ryan .   . .. Assistant Sports Editor
Joseph Bosley .  .  ..  Assistant Sports Editor

 

    
 
 

 

  
 

   

 

  

 

Sophomore Dcslc Editors

Alice Abelovc, William Cameron, Beatrice Dower,
Sylvia Greenblatt, Stephen Kusak,
John Murray.

We ’re from Missouri!

The proposition, offered in last week’s assembly,
providing for the inclusion of the Pcdagoguc under
the Student association budget, brought with it a
maelstrom of discussion. As members of an activ-

ity, but, more important, as members of the student

body, we entered eagerly the ensuing bull sessions. ,

Our conclusions are as theoretical as the next per-
son’s, but we offer them for your perusal:

l. The Pcdagogue is an activity worthy of
increased student interest, and warrant-
ing the recognition of the student body.

2. The annual yearbook is equally worth-
while, and there are few students who
would not like a copy every year.

But:

1. The overworked tax is now set at an
amount which is at the maximum for
State college students and should not be
raised.

2. Contrary to the "locker rumors,” all
activities’ budgets are not padded.

Therefore, our advice to the committee who will
investigate the feasibility of the proposal is this: if
the plan will mean an increase of the individual
tax, we will oppose it. if, however, student opinion
is so strongly in favor of the proposal that if is sup-
ported over the other activities, then a plan for the
reorganization of the budget should be offered.

if you can find several thousand dollars of extra
money in the Student budgcf, then we will support
the plan. lint you’ve got to show us!

Paving the Way

This morning’s assembly will call forth an
entirely new type of rivalry debate: a serious and
worthwhile treatment of :1 serious and worthwhile
subject. Debate council is to be congratulated
upon this unprecedcnfcd departure from usual
routine.

We, in our seniority, rcmcmbcr such weight and
thought-provoking subjects as: “Resolved: that if
is better to have loved and lost than never to have
loved at all,” and “Resolved: flint ignorance is
bliss.” We seniors can also remember a debate
during which intellectual stimulation was furnished
the audience in the form of fruit, candy, and as-
sorted ‘cream pics’——n vaudeville show that out-
did “Hellzupoppin.”

This morning’s debate will be largely cxpcl‘i-
mental. its reception by the student body will dc-
tcrminc its continuance. We urge you to attend
this morning’s assembly, and listen to the debate
in the spirit in which it is being presented, and then
decide how it stacks up against the previous debates.

 

 

Plea for Informality

. Commentstater

 

In one of the frequent bull sessions that We partici-
pate in we got another ‘brllllant' idea for an assign-
ment to the administration. We believe that the
students here haVe too little contact with the men and
women who are the faculty in their major and minor
ﬁeld. To remedy this situation We propose that seniors
should have courses which will be informal discus-
sion groups with a faculty member present; as a mem-
ber of the discussion group but not as a member of
the faculty.

In language courses the discussion would be in
the tongue studied and might range from persiflage,
to chatter on ‘how to teach,’ to sports, but the object
of oral ease and thought stimulation would be com-
pletely realized. In social studies and courses of that
type the conversation could be on any topic in the
ﬁeld, and by the free exchange of ideas and facts
without teacher domination, real thinking should be the
result. Here would be one course in which the teach-
er's words would not be accepted as the ﬁnal say,
rather. he would be contested just as the student
would his frat brother or sorority sister.

The problem that would have to be faced by the
administration in organizing such a course is what
to do about the marking system, Perhaps. the answer
is that in this course probably no mark at all should
be given unless the student showed a complete lack
of interest and originality and then—he should be
dunked.

We believe that this system has possibilities of
imparting knowledge to both facility and students
as well as making the student more at ease with

teachers who are doing the same work that the stu- 

dents wish to do.

A couple of weeks ago We called some people clowns,
but after checking up at the Dean of Students' office,
we ﬁnd that the janitors Were not at fault at all. The
sheet, on which the Commons was to be signed for, has
listed for February IO—Baskctball game. The girl.
new at her work, sent a card to the janitor to re-

, serve the gym. naturally. for that's where the basket-

ball would be played. However. there was no mention
of the Commons. at all.

 

The Playgoer

 

When the Playgoer arrived, having come in early
in an effort to get a scat within range of eyelash
movements, the girl at the door extended a box sadly
out of proportion to its contents. There were a few
in the "theatre." By curtain time. one of the best
audicnccs of the season was in the house. Pluygocr
had no opportunity to chcck up on the “good will
gate." but wishes to close (his Addison-Sicclc obs-cr—
vution with a word in favor of your nickel and (lime
support of State's dramatic cflorls.

'l‘hc first of two choscn plays, flint dlrcctcd by
Miss ’l‘licurcr, sorely lnckcd the flexibility in Lcmpo
which might huvc made it a singular prcscntution.
An almost standard criticism of pluygocrs within our-
shot was that it “dragged in spots." While the pluy
drcw its permit for being from its suspcnsc clcnicnf,

‘Lhcrc were times when minor additions to the plot

 

growth of repetitions for emphasis did slow thc
play. Miss Brown and Miss Koonz failed to carry
the spccd by stepping up their lines at those flincs.
Miss Brown scclnod to be the Metronome for the ac-
tion. and she clcctcd to stick to one spccd. Ploygocr
l'ccls, however, flint this flow was primarily a direc-
tion oversight.

Mr. Withcy was masterly.
with the tragic with luudablc skill.

Ho blcndcd the comic
Mr. Jordan is

i dangled u bit, otherwise got the playwrights lines to

the audience. Mr. Walsh pluycd Mr. Wulsh very well.

As usual. unforeseen. but as usual disturbing: the
Strained Interlude between plays . . . despite the in-
ltlntlvc and gcniiis of the Four Men of State. As u.
singer, Mr. Gordcphc docs Well. As a dramatist. he has
used his full More of stuff.

In the sccond ploy, Miss Groll triumphed through
cxpcrlmcniaffon in pl‘cscnting State with a parvcnu-
unprecedented. A senior, Mr. Downcy has wasted
many Tuesday evmilngs, While the stage Downoy is
very much the Sponsor hull Downcy, he is unknown
to most of us, and a positive refreshment. Besides,
Downcy's character could have been patterned after
its interpreter. Good casting, Miss Ciroll.

Miss Arndt had the advantage. of costuming and
equaled its burlesque in her action. A comic job, in-
deed. but beyond our acquaintance with the oven
cxhlbltlonlstlc adolescents.

Miss Emery was part of the stage settings and
served her purpose. Mr. Mcltz was excellent. Miss
Grofl’ managed a difficult part with creditable succcsn;
she could have ruined the efforts of Downcy and
Moltz. but happily kept pace with them and shared
in an outstanding all-cast performance.

1942 to Sponsor
Party Tomorrow

Junior Class Will Conduct
“Hard Times” Dance
Next Weekend

Tomorrow night in the Commons
of Hawley hall from 8:00 until 11:00
o'clock the freshman class will con-
duct a “Bad Taste” party. The
theme of the party will be inform-
ality and the freshmen will wear
anything which bears out this idea.
There will be games, dancing, and
refreshments; admission is free.

The general chairman for the
event is Katherine Wilson. The as-
sisting committees are as follows:
decorations, Leslie Graves; vic, Paul
Mei-rett; refreshments, E d w a r d
Burke; publicity, Shirley Kyle; and
arrangements. Selma Leis.

Chapcrone for the evening will
be Dr. Carolina Croasdale, profes-
lsor of hygiene.

The junior class will conduct a
“Hard Times" party on Saturday,
March 18. For many people the de-
pression may be over. but the mem-
bers of the class of 1940 will be
obliged to come dressed in rags
anyway.

Plans for the party are not com-
plete as yet, but it has been decided

 

 

 

‘that the program will consist of both '

,round and square dancing. Admis-
sion will be the nominal fee of
,$.01.

i The party will be in charge of the
.following juniors: Theron Powell,
lgcncral chairman; Joseph McKcon,
arrangements; Jane Wilson, refresh-
iincnts; Betty Clark, decorations; A1-
vin Weiss. publicity.

 

 

State
of
Affairs

__ C. E. W.

l State's own initial venture into the
,ficld of radio lead us to investigate
its use in other colleges, More and

linorc, they are interesting them-
sCIVcs in the possibilities of radio as
a means of adding to the cultural
background of students. The schools
that have adopted such training
have found that radio reaches its
highest effectiveness when it enter-
tnins in addition to its teaching.

Recognition of studan interest has
bccn shown in tho development of
such f'cnfurcs as “Town Hall of the
Air" and thosc programs sponsored
by fhc Department of Education.

In many colicch discussion groups
havc bccn formed with the idea of
improving their open forum tcch-
nlquc. On lllc whole. howcvcr, col—
lcgcs arc logging far behind other
groups in tho use. of the radio as
on insfrumcnt for cducalion.

4i 4'

An A:

Ncw books: 'l‘hc long novel COlllPs
ihnck to thc bcstscllcr rnnks with
Elizabeth Pugc's 'l'hc Tree of
Librri‘o. It is a fiction account of
the birth and curly days of our
gift to thc “lhms.” ~Amcrlcnnlsm. So
many historlcnl characters have bccn
included. and so dotnllcd hns bccn
ihc nulhor‘s research, that the
browsing rcndcr might Wcll be for-
givvn for thinking it, on first. glance.
lo l)(' on outcrutlning text.

, Edna F‘crbcl".s A Pcculiar ’I'rcasu.rc
flil'f‘il‘l'vlls it place on discrhnlmitlng
shclvcs. It's nutobiogmphlcnlwnnd
u ‘must' book for budding authors.

0 O 4'

And. speaking of Alnerlcnnlsm,
our educational policy thcsc days
sccmﬁ to be taking more cognlzancc
of the mic of the school in building
up the ideals of democracy. 'I‘llc
chcnts‘ report wus our first mcct-
‘ing with the term? Education for
American Life.

chorts of discussions of. thc inme
recent meetings of teacher's associa—
tions. supcrluicndcnls, and the like,
brought back by Dunn Morclnnd and
Dr. Brubnchcr. reflect the trend. In
fact, Dr. Iirubachcr is scheduled for
u rudlo dcboto on the topic. in one
of its mnny pl‘iuscs.

And while We're on those conven-
llons. he also brought buck the idea
that among our higher educators
there is developing a movcmcnt for
stronger and sounder guidunco sys-
tcms for our tciuzh-truluhig insti-
tutions. Sounds promising.

 

 

Kampus

Kapers

 

 

 

It is good new when the News
comes back after a Week's absence.
Friday is not Friday without the
News—is it? But news. like the
weather. is a never-ending consid-
eration, and it certainly has piled
up.

The ﬁrst broadcast of the State
College Radio Guild was very ex-
citing. The thrills Were padded With
humor, and the pauses ﬁlled with
song. (We do wish the music re-
corded hadn't sounded like recorded
.music.) Alice in Wonderland, pro-
ﬁting from the unavoidable mistakes
of the ﬁrst broadcast, was a much
smoother job.

Ted Shawn and his men dancers
are as virlle and manly. though they
are dancers, as the most clinging
of the clinging vine species could
demand. There was a good deal of
comment from the male populace of
State college inferring that men who
danced Were hardly worth seeing.
Those who want, whether out of
curiosity or from lack of seine-
thing better to do. should be thor-
oughly convinced that dancing can
by a masculine art.

Two weekends of social activities
have passed by without comment.
The RPI game swelled the ego of
State students, and a ﬁtting close
it was to the basketball season. Two
‘orchids we have for Duke Hersh: one
bccause hc captained capany the
team. and another because he coach-
cd the frosh team to the credit
of the class and the school. We
missed Mlkc Walko. Arnie Ellcrin,
and Frank Kluge in the final game.
‘A toast to their health! That week—
end too witnessed the Sophomore
Suppressed Desires party. They had
if'un—and We feel that maybe if is
a good thing suppressed desires rc—
maln suppressed most of the year.
Lonny Frlcdlandcr as a Girl Scout—
well, we feel he makes a better
Boy Scout. The sophomores started
the ball rolling, for this weekend
saw many parties in the group-
houscs. KDR had a bad taste
party~which it was. The freshman
are going to violate the rules of
etiquette also. in another week—but
that will be another story, P.A.T.
had a scavenger hunt, and instead
of bringing home the bacon one of
the seekers brought home a live
rooster. He is Patrick Vergil, and
the official alarm clockcr for the
house.

Prize mystery of the week: what
lics behind the ominous and sugges—
,fi\'c note on flic Lost and Found
bulletin board lch by a mnlc in—
quircr which .stutcs that. if the young
ludy who found his scarf will make
hcrsclf known. it would be greatly
appreciated. Intl'lguc!

Award for flu? bcnf. poster of the
,scmcslci': Bob Kni'pcn‘s screwball
,slhn. Wc bcl. llllll. (lrovcr Whnlcn
,is turning ovcr in his grnvc we
lhopcl

 

 

, _. -. .... “A __

: Appointment

, Bureau

The Appointinan burcnu will con-

duct the lust of n scrlcs of meetings
for scnlors and graduate students
Ion Thursday. March 10, nt41300‘clock
Iln room 20 of Richardson hull. At
this meeting thrcc mock interviews
will be demonstrated. The names
of the studcnfs present will be placed
into a but and the guest, a high
.school prhicipul, will draw out tin-co
names and conduct three interviews
for tho imuglnury jobs,
i 'l‘hrco sfudcnts hch l'ccclvcd up-
,polnlmcnis during tho post fwo
‘wccks: Bctiy Baker. 39, mothe—
nuillcs and commcrccs, Roclllf-Jan-
,scn ccntrul school. Illllsdulc; llctty
Slicrwood, 30. connncrco, locyuuins;
,und Ncll Schmidt, 00, English at
ih‘uugcrtlcs.

Puul Bulgcr, summary of the Ap-
lpolntmcnt burcuu, wlnhcs at this
timc. lo cxfcnd his thanks to the
studcnt con‘inllllccs which mndo the
senior and grudunlo meetings a suc-
,ccsn. including such features us form
letters, ethics questionnaire. fashion
shows, and block interviews I-lo

 

 

also wishes to thank l-Ionin ' "
‘ gsboumb

 lSmartiin lforltlhelr cooperation in
u ug 1c usion show he.- ::-."
which if was. t “lung

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 10, 1939

 

 

 

 

Brass
Knuckles

 

 

 

 

C. I“. F.

Add funny ideas about sportsman-
ship . . .

The week before the last RPI.
interlude, we talked with Coach
Donald about the nicetlcs of the re-
ccption which State rooters and
squad obtained from the Trojan
home corps in the ﬁrst fracas of the
season.

Coach Donald credited the—shall
we say—boistm'ousncss (over—ignor-
ance?) of the RPI cheering sec-
tion of the first game to a small
group, largely representing a single
fraternity. which enjoyed itself by
cracking wise in their home contests.

The oracle further went on to de-
cry this misdirected enthusiasm. and
was sorry that such an cvcnt hap—
pened. (In the collar city write—
up. thc press rcflcctcd thc gcncral
tonc of the evening by mcans of its
opinionated sportswritcrs‘ “straight”
news story»

At all events, the oracle and we
came to agree that it was an un-
fortunate accident, and bcing both
unfortunate and an accident, was
to be forgiven and forgotten. Dclphic
cxprcsscd the hope that the game
in State college hcadqunrfcrs would
not possess any elements of rcfribu-
tion, but would bc fhc csscncc of
good sportsmanship.

Being a vcry believing soul. wc
tcarl‘nlly proclaimcd our bclicf in
thc (-sscnfinl moinlify of the horse—
men and proffered the opinion that
no difficulties would be cvidcnccd
in the Albany domicile.

But the out and out “out to get
Dukc“ attitude with which the 'l‘ro-

' jancuphcmist cntrustcd his squad. as

cvidcnccd n wcck ago Saturday night
was not good sportsmanship!

But the comment. "maybe Hitler
was right" cjaculntcd by the mcntor
and oped by his pupils was not
(|llll.l‘ idcnl conduct!

lint the acrid and derogatory rid-
ing of rcl‘crccs was a little more
pointcd than the usqu “kill the
referee” which is condom-d ordinar—
ily in athletic events!

In consequence of this blow to
our idcnls. We might. suggest to some
enterprising M.D. that a possible
plague might be thwnricd if lhc
Trojnn Horse Wcrc cxnmincd now
for jaundice.

Odds and Ends

Thc frcsluucn-sophomorc rivalry
game has bccn (infinitely set for Fri-
day, March 24, with both squads
building up for thc cvcnt in prncficc
scssions.

’l‘hc Union l'rosh—Stnic frosh gnlnc
hns bccn pluccd on next, y 'ur's calcu-
dur.

liclnlcd congrnfulufions go to
Dunnic llncci. who. scvm'ul \vccks
ugo, wus crowncd us boxing co—knig
of Arbor Hill.

Congrnlnlnlions for flu‘ bclufcd in—
tcrinission cnfcrfnhnncnf of thc
RPI gninc to flip committcc in
churgc of affairs.

l’lnns nl'c progrcsslng lo finish up
thc chkcnd of March Bil in u
sprcc. with sports-night. bcing pluccd
on the night. following the soph-
f'rosh rlvuh'y game.

The lost art of howling us on in-
irzunurnl sport sci-ms to bc a hidden
one, lmlecd.

Bowling. us you know, is derived
from tho unclan sport, of throwing
buscbulls of. n (lodging dcrvlsh who
hld bchind u shot-t Willl if large holc
pluccd soincwhcrc ncur thc height
of his chcsl, cxccpf. whcn bulls were
bclng thrown ut the holc of. which
tunc it was perfectly solo to slick
his hcud on! tho holc.

'l‘ln- llllf‘l'lllf‘flilltf‘ history of thc
gunn- is losl: whcn loruc. hcuvy bulls
on nllcy nnd tcn pins Wcrc substi-

tufcd for thc oldcr, lnol‘c rugosc
form.
Hull'icc if to soy llllli in i'cccnf

ugcs Slufc collcgc pollshcd lho sport
up in its infrunnn'ul sullics and put
it. oncc hour on its pins.

Aftcr n pcrlod of lulcrcst tho sport
has ugnin dicd out. The oblivion
which upprouchcs has bccn creditcd
by sonio of tho nuwor, more libcrol
house rulcs. by others to tho uboin—
inublo bit of recording by its mun—
ngcrs. (For the rcc‘ords sccln to him:
Incl. with unnlhlluilon. too.)

If. is flnishcd. or isn’t it? We orc
musing right along with you. offl-
cinls.

lCrippled Frosli
Turn Back RPl
BygiL—ZZ Score

Finest Fresh Team in Years
Wins Five Out of Nine; ,
Scott Top Scorer
by Frank Augustine
Winding up its season in whirl-
wind fashion, the State college fresh-
man quintct nipped the RPI frosh
by a score of 29-27 in Page hall

gym Saturday. February 25.

The game featured no plays in
particular, but it brought out a
brand of teamwork that was superb.
Handicapped by the loss of Scott
and Lehman. the revamped team
clicked beautifully. In fact. it was
the first game of the entire season
in which the work was so evenly
divided. Incidentally Dukc Hersh
pullcd a surprise out of his coach-
ing bag in the form of Milton Ray.
Ray, who had seen little or no ac-
tion this ycar, played stellar ball.

Although the State frosh won the
contest, the final score would have
been (liflcrcnt if RPI had tallied
more on its foul shots. The engi-
nccrs missed tcn out of scvcntccn
attempts, a margin more than ample
to give the Stnfcincn a victory.

RPI was nhcad at half time 15-13.
but Stntc forged ahead in the second
half. Thcy mnhuaincd a slim two-
point lcod through the last five min-

ufcs of the contest to clinch the
victory.
Succcssful Froxh li‘ivc Season

The ‘18—‘30 freshman squad. with
its win ovci- RPI. concluded one of
the most succcsxf‘ul seasons to be
cnjoycd by a ycnrling squad in many
years. Statc‘s I,w0 prcvious teams
won ﬁve games and lost eighteen
bctwccn thcm. The class of '40 won
four and lost tcn, while the class
of '41 won mic and lost cight.

Winning ﬁve gumcs and losing
four. and never losing by more than
eight points in any of those contests,
the frosh may well boast of their
nccomplishmcnis.

Stutc anuuscd a total of 329 points
as against 205 for thch' opponents.
Curioust cnough, the yearling bas-
kctccrs won most of" thcir contests
by decisive scores. Delhi's Angles
succumbch bcforo the fresh on-
slaught by 40-2]; Coblcskill bowed
twicc 30-10 and 04-37; Humiltrn
collapsed 30-23; and RPI was
frippcd 20—27. The bloc and whitc's
four losses were to ABC by scores
of 38-46 and 20-27; Hartwick by
34-40; and RPI 23-25.

anfc‘s compcfiiion this y -nr was
much kccncr than that of previous
yours. A ncw State ruling rcmoving
high schools from the collcgc f'rcsh~
incn schcduh- bccuusc of the high
school ngc lllllll brought about this
chungc in tho lypc of compcfiflon.

Scott llcading Hcorcr

funding the lllfll\'l(llllll scoring pn-
i'ndc was Virgil Scott, the scum-
Iionnl pcrl'orincr from Ogdcnsburg.
Scoliy plnycd in .scvcn gnlncs fully-
ing 101 points. 'l‘hc tofu! would hch
undoublcdly bccn grcufcr hud Scott.
occn nblc lo pluy in the lost two
nnncs.

Of llll‘ four rcmuining rcgulnrs
only l.llc bcsl. can be said of lhcm.
Hilton and Dickson wcrc cxccllcnl
floor mcn. playing n consistcnlly
slcudy gumc Dickson bccumc n lim-
pivof. mun fowurd fhc cud of thc
scnson. l-luuk Bl'nllllcl' was on cs-
.scnllul cog of thc qulnfct. llunk's
hcighl. and playing ability ploycd on
important. part in tho vlctorics of
the [cum Merritt. distinguished
hhnsclf ut the guard position. ills
(Icfcusiw plny Who of high cnllbcr,
In fact, his mun l'fll'Cly scored.

Ilcrsli ldcul Coach

in columcnting about the plnycrs.
lhc conch should not be overlooked.
llllkc llcrsh hundlcd lilo sqund like
u vctcrun. llnkc mndc every bit of
mnlcrinl colllll. llc moulded a click—
ing colllllhlulion from thi- mcn
illlll l'f‘llfll‘il‘fi in tho full. Although
luuulicoppcd by the luck of enough
suifnbli- rcpluocmcut nurtcrlul. he
lllunlplllnlcd tho fcum efficiently.
His kccn scnsc of judginan in re-
pluclng und substituting mun wus
unbcllcvublc for it first your couch.

All in all the fcnm wns on ex-
ccllcllt mm, and if. should furnish
ncxt ycul"h' varsity with sonic. good
mcn, it is cspeciully pleasing to sco
such A group of lino performers come
up and work out for a place 1ch
vucnnf by the gruduuling varsity
mcmbcrs.

 

 

 

 

Dignified Grads Caoort
At M. A. A. Get-together

Stray Saturday afternoon me—
antlerers through Page hall were
abruptly snapped out of their
lethargy on February 25 as a
bombardment of strange shricks,
gleeful gurglcs, rattlings and
rumblings rained upon their un-
suspecting enrs. Puzzled, the
wanderers cautiously approached
the gym stairway whence the
sounds increased in intensity.
The poking of the head into the
gym revealed—lo and behold!
—cavorting principals, superin-
tendents, supervisors, and just
plain teachers, all grads of
State! The event? The first
annual M.A.A. Alumni Day.

Approximately fifty alums
were in attendance at the affair.
and. as our stray meandcrer can
testify. all fifty had a rollicking
good time, if outward manifesta-
tions can be considered as rcp-
rcscntatlvc.

To Mike Walko—whose untir-
ing efforts as chairman of the
event contributed largely to its
success—belongs much praise.
May similar leaders be found in
future years to carry on the
tradition so ably instituted un-
der Mike and his committee.

 

 

 

WAA to Conduct

Festival in Gym

All Present to Participate;
Jane Farwell Will Lead
Girls in Dances
Tonight from 8200 in 10:00 o‘clock
WAA will sponsor a folk festival
.n the Page hall gymnasium for all
he women students of the college.
Marion Kingsley, ‘40, chairman of
he fcsfivul. has enlarged upon the
folk idcu for the theme, and has
,ilnnncd a gay and interesting cvc-

ning of cnfcrtainmcnt.

The dances, in which all will par-
iiciputc, will be lcd by Miss Jane
fi‘ni'wcll. supervisor of rccrcntion for
he National Youth udministratimi
organization in Albany. and rccrc: -
lionnl director at the famous Wood-
.Lock schools which are conducted as
.1 part of the N.Y.A. program Miss
Fnrwcll, an expert on the folk-dance.
rod on cxccllcnt director of folk-
dancing. intends to lend the guests
.lL tln- festival through the intri-
cnfc sfcps of such dances as “Shoo-
lly," “Hcy Brownie." “Jump Jim
Crow," and “Susie in thc Paw-Paw
Patch!"

Whilo pouch is being scrvcd dur-
.ng infcrmission, u scl‘lcs of short
'.\'llll)ill(lll dunch will be staged.
l‘hcsc dnnccs lll'i‘ bcing prcporcd in
hc gi'cuicsf scci'ccy, and promise
.o bc flu- surprisc scnsntion of thc
cvcniug'.

Although no pnrliculur costume is
'l’t/Ilfl'flf, lhc counnitlcc in charge
urgcs ghosts in wcur u dirndl or n
pcnsniu nprcn lo bc in kccping with
Illf‘ spirit of lllc cvcning‘. Rubbcr-
.olcd or sof‘l-solcd shocs nrc iinpcrn-
livc for dancing.

'l‘ln- prcscnfulion of this folk fcs-
.ivol wns insilgutcd by WAA coun-
cil lo brighch the closing wccks of
"ho winicr stuson. In if way, the
Vcslivnl lukcs fhc plncc of thc for-
nor \vinfcr uwnrds bouquet, which
wns dclcfcd from the association's
program along with the award sys-
fcln thn the system was nbolishcd
bccuusc ll. wns incompatible with the
purposc of the organization.

Assisting Miss Kingsley arc the
following committees: publicity. Isu-
bcllc Robinson, '4l. chairman, Helen
'/.cmun, '00. Aim Shields, Virginia
Surdnm, Evclyn Doylc, Ruth Nlcscn.
li‘runccs Shuplcy, frcsluncn; faculty,
Dorothy Peak. ‘41; refreshments,
Modulyn liccrs, chnh'mnn. li‘run Ri—
nni, Louisa Chapman. Dorothy licr-
kowlfz, Mlldrcd F‘Uli‘y, mphomm'os;
clcnn-up. Dorothy Daugherty, chnlr-
mun, llcrnlcc l..cnowlf.z, Mary Irving,
liurrictt Ill-Forest. Marjorie ’l‘lmms,
Marion Duffy, Edun llh'n. Ruth
O'Donnell. Fern Gi'cnicr. .lunct
Brown, Mary Jane Evans. freshmen.

 

Eat at John’s Lunch
Ilium-rs 250 and Up
Dclicious Sandwiches and
Sundich
7:30 A. M. — 11:00 P. M.
Opp. the High School

State’s Quintet
Ends Successful
Baskfliiall Year

RPI Takes Save; Setback;
Frament Leads Scorers
With 112 Points

The State college varsity went to
town in a big way in winding up its
basketball season. Saturday, Febru-
my 25, by administering a sound
beating to its traditional rival,
RPI. This was the one game the
boys had pointed for all year, and
they got it.

State's attack got off in whirl-
wind fashion. and the team could do
nothing wrong The half ended with
the score 27—16. and there seemed
little doubt as to the outcome. The
sccond half was evon all the way
with RPI making one bid to even
things. but State repulsed the Engl-
necr‘s attack. Walt Simmons paced
the State scorers. with 15 points,
Carmen with 7. led the RPI attack.

End Scnson Ahead

With the victory over RPI on
Saturday. Slate wound up the season
with 7 victories as against 6 defeats.
On it won and lost basis this does
not stand out as a very successful
season. However. the team at times
displayed an excellent brand of ball,
and easily could have rolled up ten
victories if it had not had its bad
moments.

The brand of competition played
this year was supcrior to that of
most other years. In any event the
team was one capable of playing
grcat ball.

Most notable victories were against
RPI, Connecticut State Teachers.
Hartwick. and St. Michaels. In los—
ing to Pratt and McGill by one point.
and to powerhouse Niagara and
Manhattan, State was far from dis-
graced.

The best performance by far was
the contest against Hartwick at
Oncontn. Hartwick had won 7 out
of 3 starts at the time, and State.
lcd by Will Fraincnt, played great
bull that night.

The team record:

   

 

Hilllf'.... so Alumni . . . . . . . . . .. 1H
" 73‘: If l'.l. . . . . . .. ‘3”
" flit Brooklyn l'ul . Iil
" ~|‘~' llnmllfon . l0
' (30 Conn. Slnli- . . l1!
" ill )lt-(lill . . . . . .. . (if)
" -|l "lll'lll'it'k . . . . . . .. fill
" -ll Nlnguru  flit
" Si': I'l'illl . . . . . . . . . . . . . fill
" 1H .“llllllllllilll . . . . . .. llf)
" llil llnrhvlck . . . . . . .. All!
" 40 HI. Micluu-lu :HI
-lf| . '.l. . . . . . . . . . .. 'lfl
fill) Till”
The first seven scorcrs were:
I l-‘rnmcnl . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..ll‘£

Simmons . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 1m

ln-hmnn . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 7o

"f‘l'Hll . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57

\\ ullm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . nu

.\in_\'of . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. All

'l‘orrcim . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . :l't

I'ZIII-I'ln . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. '27

iWAA Members Receive
' Winter Sports Credit

Francis Rlnnl, cnpfnln of the win-
lcl' sports program. announces that
she has rccclvcd complete reports
of tho winicr sport activities from
tho following pcoplc. and so can
,nwnrd thcm crcdlt in wintcr sports:
Augusto Schumnn, '39; Virginia
Elson, '40; Allnc Cromic. Doris Dy-

gcrt, Bcf Ly lClson. Hclcn Lnshcr,
Ruth Pcurson, Betty Pritchurd,
Morin 'l‘ripp. Roberta Wilhclm.

Frnnccs Wood. sophomores; Madc-
linc ltlvnus, llctty Knowlton. Hazel
MncCombcs. Ruth O'Donnell, fresh-
mcn.

Cnptuln Rlunl requcsts that 1111
others who hnvo participated in
snow sports bond in u record of their
activities lnnncdlnfcly so the season
rccords can be completed.

Exclusch lilycwzn'c

 

 

Howard E. Marston Inc.

I’lx’I'I.S'(‘I\'/I"I'/f).\' ()I’Tlf'lxlA'S

Hotel Ten Eyck Building
83 State Street
Albany

 

   
 

Touché!

 

 

B. C.

Tri-College Play-Day” The BIG
event of the yearl! The responses
from the first two colleges invited—
Skldmore and Russell Sage—was so
enthusiastic that supplementary
plans were hastily scrambled to-
gether and the “Tri” was omitted
from the name of the event. In-
vitatlons were issued and immedi-
ately accepted —— to Smith, Vassar,
Mt. Holyoke, Gaucher, Hunter,
Barnard, Wellesley, and Rollins (just
to mention a few).

It was soon obvious from the flood
of acceptances that the college
facilities would be totally inadequate
for the meet. After considerable
dickcring and (ssh!) a little palm-
grcaslng. Chief of Police Schmirk
agreed to allow WAA exclusive
rights to Washington Park for the
whole day. A cordon of police to
patrol every boundary and entrance
to the park will attempt to main-
tain the sacrosanct aura of the
[placo

The arrangements committee, hav-
iing recruited members from MAA,
is erecting temporary booths to serve
as refreshment stands, amusement
concessions and all the other diver-
sions of the great mid-way. The
nylon and perisphere haVe just been
completed and will be unveiled today
at an impressive ceremony con-
ducted by Rover B. Wailin'. The lake
has been equipped with rafts and
springboards in preparation for the
aquatic events. The whole “Play-
Dny-Fair" as it is now called is
the greatest thing that has hap-
pened to State college. and will be
the talk of the country for years to
come.

 

it I 4‘
RS: We hope you realize that
the thruth of the matter is that

Play—Day has almost descended to
the limbo of long-forgotten affairs.
Russell Sage and Skidmol'e are still
quibbllng about the date, making
prospccts of such a day extremely
:slim.

‘ Chessmeimi—Bziide
Schenectady Tonight

The chess team, now functioning
as a recognized M.A.A. activity, will
endeavor to offset the recent defeat
at the hands of the Schenectady
City club when it engages that or-
ganization in a return match to-
night at 7:30 o'clock. The games will
be played in Commerce departman
rooms.

1 A competitive ladder based on the
final results of the chess tournament
! hns bccn erected to serve as a means
‘ for choosing team players from game
io gnmc. Thosc standing on the first
ilwcch rungs in their order at pres-
,cnt arc: Fox, Hoosc. Show, Som-
mcrs, Patton. Franccllo, Edelstcln,
chnnt. Greenwald, Selfert, Clum,
[and Howe. The team for any game
,will be composed of the men oc-
cupying the first seven places in the
ladder of. that time. Players are
free to compete among themselves
,in an effort to raise their stand-
.lngs.

l Another step forward in the In-
itrumurnl program Wlls recently oc-
iconnilishcd with the announcement
,iihut the gym will be open to general
,1ncn student use Tuesday. Wednes-
Iduys, and Thursday from 4:00 to
;5:00 o’clock. Boxing, fencing. and
,tumbling, hitherto conducted as
‘scporuto intramural sports, will also
be brought to the gym at those
hours.

 

of Moderate l’riccs

 

 

 

 

 

