 
 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 6, 1939

 

 

 

red Allard Spends Summer

 S1". Europe During Recent Crisis

 

‘ by Sally Young v

-: (This is the first part of a story
' of the summer European travels of

Wilfred Allard, who was in Italy

r when the recent crisis arose and
- broken)

“New York looked mighty good to
me."

That was the reaction of Wilfred
Allard, new supervisor of French in
Milne high school, upon his arrival
in New York after two and one half
months of travel in England, France,
and Italy. ,

. Allard started out, three months
ago, via the Normandie, for a trip
‘to Europe. He spent two weeks in
London, saw the tennis finals at
Wimbledon, then went to France;
the trip across the English channel
to Paris was made in seventy-five
minutes by air. ,

When he arrived in Paris on the
night before July 14, he found it
brilliantly lighted for the occasion.

 

The next day he saw a magnifi-
cient revue, which represented the
entire French empire. Troops from
Algeria, Indo-China, Morocco, the
French Foreign Legion, and a grou

from England, and a Scottish reg -
Cyr were present. The King’s Guards
from England. and a Scottich regi-
ment also participated. Hundreds
of bombers and pursuit planes flew
overhead, displaying the air might
of Great Britain and France.

A performance of Faust at the
Opera, the Comedie Francaise with
its “Cyrano de Bergerac”, visits to
the Louvre and other places or in-
terest to the Parisian traveler, fill-
ed three weeks in Paris. From Paris.
Allard made a three week’s tour to
the south of France, including Avig-
non-—the home of the Popes, Nimes,
Carcassonne, Marseilles, the French
Riviera, Monte Carlo, Cannes, and
Nice, in his itinerary.

(Concluded in next week‘s issue)

 

 

Fairer Sex Of State

To Become Beautiful

Do you think you’re an incom-
parable combination of Hedy
LaMarr, Miss America and the
best dressed woman in the world?
Is your appearance perfect? If
you are one of those who answer
"yes", then you need read no
further. But for all the rest of
the population, the following in-
formation should prove a bless-
ing.

The Dean of Student’s office is
sponsoring a “grooming clinic"
for girls every Thursday in the
Lounge from 4 to 5:30 o'clock.
Here, through individual confer-
ences. you may obtain advice and
assistance in your own particular
grooming problems.

The clinic is under the direc-
tion of Mrs. Edward Cooper. wife
of our own Mr. Cooper, and Mrs.
Quinn. Come on down and let
them make a new woman of you.

SCA Releases Tentative

Plans for New Season
(Continued from page 1, column 3)
intercollegiate groups. Representing
about fifteen colleges which send
delegates to discuss important mat-
ters confronting students. Discus-
sions are led~by experienced and not-
ed speakers.

At the close of the conference.
the Silver Bay Intercollegiate com-
mittee will meet to make plans for
Silver Bay week to be held in June.
Robert Martin, '40, is State’s repre-
sentative to this committee.

 

Symphony Orchestra
Begins New Activities

The State college symphony or-
chestra elected the following officers
at its first meeting last Tuesday:
conductors. Bernard Perlman and
Ira Hirsh, sophomores; Ruth Mold-
over, ’42, secretary; and George Sei-
fert, ’42, librarian.

Rehearsals for the brass section
are at 4:30 o’clock on Mondays; for
the strings, Tuesdays at 3:30 o'clock;
and for the woodwinds Wednesdays
at 3:30 o’clock, in Room 28.

 

 

Manhattan Shirts

"WHAT'S NEW--WE SHOW"

yMEN’s "abolishes

“no

Hatters

ADAM HA

 

 

 

 

 

 

TH EY HAVE TH E

Right

 
  
    
  

 

FRED ASTAIRE
has the right combination of
great acting and dancing
to give you more pleasure

   

l 221 Central Ave.

Interwoven Socks

SHOP
STETSON HATS
117 50. Pearl St.

 

 

 

FOR MORE PLEASURE

Chesterﬁeld blends the Right Combination
of the ﬁnest American and Turkish tobaccos
to give you a milder, better-tasting smoke with
a more pleasing aroma . . .

And when you try them you’ll ﬁnd that these are
the qualities Chesterﬁeld has above all others in
giving you More Smoking Pleasure. THEY SA ’l'ISFY.

cstcrﬁc

Copyl’lgllt 1939. Llooul'l' 6: Ml'lalls 'l'ouacco Co.

 

W —.-a~=—._. #~......A..V-4

 

I

 

State College New

 

 

 

 

 

 

7,-443

 

Dance Classes to Begin

Debate Council F F “St I mes”
0r yreen a 9
Makes New Plans ..,§;}e,,g°,,;te_oalumnus

No, I'm not ridiculing your done-
ing by any means! I’m just
“hoy-hoying” you frosh to come
out of your “recluses” and learn
how to swing your limbs to the
new jittery tempos.

You too can learn to “rip up
the rug”—or, if you’re one of
those few who like to hold your
balance (and might I suggest
your dinners, too) on the dance
floor. you can learn how to do
the more conservative fox trot
or waltz without exciting your
innermost mechanisms too great-

Student Association to Hear
First Rivalry Debate
During Assembly

Janice Friedman, '40, president
of Debate council, has announced
the selection of nineteen new mem-
bers to be added to the regular
squad which now brings the total
up to thirty—two. Wlliam G. Hardy,
debate coach, was the Judge for the
tryouts.

On October 7, Mr. Hardy attended
the conference for Debate Coaches
of New York state at Colgate uni-
versity. At. the conferengeL possible

he la de a es were
fligcliisssefdn iiiid g szlected. Among But waitl—That's only the first
those decided upon are the "Isola— step. Next, he sure that you at-
tion of the United States,” “Pan— tend the meetlngs, at. whlch
American relations," “Ownershlp timely tunes will be furnished by
of public utilities," and “War the rippling fingers of Esther

ly.

Classes will begin Friday, Oc-
tober 2] under the supervision
of Rita Sullivan, member of Mys-
kania.

 

referendum." Stuhlmaker, '43.

 

 

Assembly Debate b
A tentative schedule has can 0

drawn up which arranges for the   
first inter-class debate to be fought
out before the student assembly
between the sophomores and the
seniors this morning. The proposi-
ton reads: “Resolved that the Neu-
tl‘ality Act. Should be amended to
provide for the sale of war mater-
ials on a cash-and-carry basis.
“Cash-and-carry" ls

Repeal of Embargo Measure
Topic of Heated Debate

thing the belligerents classify as

McIsaac. On the negative side for

the seniors are Harriet Spraguc,

Stewart Smith and Mary Arndt.
Plans have been made to send

 

Debate conference which will be,
two full days.

Meets Arranged Tuesday.

The teams will also be sent to,- Last Tuesday the

agara university and Nazareth col-

cil. is cndeavoring to get college '40,

competition from out of slate, name-
ly southern

IC'Ulllllllll'll on pdyr /,, column 31 lthe present neutrality aC't.

Nosey Newshound Scours State
For Sentiment on Vote System

 

 

“What is your opinion of the Ag-l “I don‘t know anything about lhel

no zllllclldlllcut to the voting sys-Hlld OllCl': . H
lolll'l", illl inquiring reporter uskcd' "l (lOIIL llllllk!
Hob Agllc, llimsclf, in il. scorch for ‘ I
ll. cl'oss—scl'lioll of simian ()pllll()ll,(l(‘lllB(f of “1:155 lgllol'llllcc.
on [ills lssuc.

“l have no opinion for publica-
llon." l-vpllod Agllc. "but I don’t
think H's good publicity culling ll
llw Agile \‘(illllu syslclll. 'l‘hc llllc
docsll‘i llllgllli‘lll. its challlccs of pass-
lull.“

Your l'l‘|)lil‘l('l' I.ll|'ll hulch n ]ll'()lll-
lllclll senior who said. “’l‘hc llcw

Wc (lcplll‘lcd.

l'd llkc to know just how much sluli

Student Opinion Poll

A poll to determine student opin-
defined as ion on the repeal of the Arms Em-
strictly cash, no ninety-day credit. bargo. now before Congress, will
“War materials" are defined as any- be conducted Monday and Tuesday.
After a heated discussion of an
contmfbumzh Upholljding the ing}: amendment to that effect intro—
atlve or e sop omores ar

Kcll, Peter Fulvio and Dorothea  ,ElrfvtifeusFOTﬁfiggclgi

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. \'., li‘lumv, OCTOBER 13, 1939

{Student Council

D AND A GUEST

Revises Rivalry

Rules for Banner, Mascot,
and Athletic Contests
Undergo Changes

The rules governing inter-class
rivalry were recently revised and
clarified by Student council as was
predicted ill the 1943 handbook.
The major changes were made in
section B—banner rivalry, section
C—challenging. and section F—
athletic events.

Under the new ruling in banner
rivalry, the contest shall close at
midnight preceding Moving-up day
and not before. Both banners must
be given to the president of Student
council between midnight and 8:00
o’clock on Moving-up day. The old ~
rules demanded that the banners Dr. Olive, SL John Gogmy' Irish
be given to the DFESident at mld- poet and writer, who will be the
night when the contest closed. guest of D and A council.

New Rules for Sing

I h ti h ii i , —
new1 shbﬁhifdlﬁ: 3:5 idihegliongar: New P 
three which states that, “in the  start 

event of a sing, the contest shall
Marie Metz, ’40, editor-in-chief

be judged on the singing of the

class song to the Alma Mater, which

song shall be original .in words and of the Pcdagogue, and Stephen

{HUSiC-H‘Thls is an QIIWEIY new. “11‘ Bull. ‘40, photography editor, an-

 d’oefS’gggdcgﬁnfeas‘znlggge gagging]; nounce that the photographer for

the classes to concentrate on one the P'lﬁagoggli mild tg’gegcy pic"

song for the contest. line}: “'11 enamel] tn t, e ommons
The rules governing athletic 3U aw 8: a ’jsar mg Monday'

events have been changed so that “Hie 9': Ed to S 3“ up on the mam

section 1—— intcrclass basketball. bunetn oard immediately-

part (Cl, now reads. “three points In regard to agency pictures Mr.
shall be awarded to the class whose Paul G. Bulger, director of the Stu-

  

 

 

VOL. XXIV, N0. 4

D and A to Offer
Oliver Gogarty,
Notglﬂsll Wit

World Famous Writer, Poet
to Appear in Page Hall
Wednesday Night

Students and faculty of State
college and the general public of
Albany will have the opportunity
of hearing Doctor Oliver St. John
Gogarty of Dublin, Ireland Wednes-
day evening at 8:30 o'clock in Page
hall auditorium. He will be pre-
sented by the DramatiCS and Arts
council as their first guest of the
school year.

Doctor Gogarty, tall. blue-eyed.
and distinguished in his hearing is
famous for his interesting and wit-
ty comentaries on Dublin life and
Ireland’s famous literary figures.

Jane Wilson, ’40, president of D
and A, is confident that “his quips,
puns, stories of Dublin life and
word portraits of great men in
Irish literary society will provide
an evening of entertainment well
worth hearing.”

Native of Ireland

Born in the latter half of the
nineteenth century, Dr. Gogarty
Igrew into manhood at the time of
llreland’s great literary revival. His
intimate friends were most of Ire-
land’s great statesmen and literary
figures, in fact, his town house and
country estate Were favorite gath-
ering places for such personages as
George Russell Moor, Lady Gregory,
Shaw, Yeats, Joyce and others.

Not only is Dr. Gogarty famous

 

ed to defer action until the next
regular meeting. In the meantime,
.it is desirous to obtain the gen—

, ~ ‘ era] student opinion on the subject.
delegates to the annual sprlng State The table With the ballets Will
held at Colgate university lastingI be in front of the annex betWeen
eleven and four o’clock Monday and

Democratic
Rochester where they will meet with l Club of Rensselaer conducted a
the University of Rochester. Nl-‘panel discussion on United States

lneutrality sponsored by the Forum
loge. sometime in March. Louise of Politics. The discussion was un-
Sllt‘ll. '41, secretary 0f DBbHLC COUH-  dcr the directorship of Sadie Flax,

The panel consisted of Robert
MaSSHChuseus' and ‘ Martin, ‘40. history of the question;
Connecticut. The schedule also in-,Beamce Shufelt’ .40. comparison
cludcs the usual encounters witll‘of the two neutrality bins; Janice
Skidmorc, Bard, Hamilton. St. Law-  Friedman. .40. the administration,
“mm all“ “"3 Ulllversny 0f Bur-side of the Pittman Bill: Richard
“‘10- Blackbul'll. '40. opponents’ side of

men’s team is successful in games
played between the two rival clas-
ses." The specification about fol-
lowing the inter-class basketball
schedule and the procedure in the
event of a tie was deleted because
there is no schedule and there can
be no lie in basketball.
Mascot Hunt

A minor change under A—fresh-
mall welcome. has been enacted,
substituting the sophomore recep-
tion for the freshmen for section 1,
part (n). Thus the freshmen will
be instructed in the traditions and
and inter-class rivalry rules at the
sophomore reception instead of the
first Friday of school. Under D—
mascot hunt, section five, part (b)
has been revised so that the mas-
cot must be presented to a mem-
ber of Myskanla instead of Student
council. A change in section three
under athletic events specifies that
the women’s obstacle races will be

dent Employment bureau, asks that! for “llizhwm gm for his many 00'
senior women wear anything that comp men as a surgeon' Sports'

. man, statesma an .
’5 becoming Without Overdressmg statesman he glarveddaspodatmdiﬁbe:

so that interest will not be detracted ' of the Irish Senate from 1922 to 1936
from the face of the subject. Senior] when the body was abolished by
men are asked to wear coats and 9 De Valera. As a writer he ranks as
ties. lone of the greatest lyric poets in
A feature of this year's pad pic-lmodcrn English literature and has
Lures will be the removal of form-lbeen compared to militia" waner
,aiity. no more drapes. For the sor- | ﬁrrégtsﬂe‘ﬁﬁ'd we? rygliamthB?tler
lomy pages the undergraduate“"0xforfi Book Sofa ll3ersse‘in ngglg‘Zl
lwomen will wear light colored;years ago, he chose Dr Grogarty
sweaters With or without pearls arms the contemporty poet.
white collars. The women who do Best Known Works
not have light sweaters may securey perhaps DR Gogarty 15 best
them from the photographer's SUD-Jknown to Americans for his prose
ply, The senior women and under— works, “I Followed st. Patrick,"
graduate men may Wear OiLllCr,"As I Was Going Down Sackville
lsWeatcrs or whatever is convenient. su-eeL," and “Tumbling 1n the Hay."
The prices for the pictures will' “(30mg DOWD SﬂCkVille Street"
be the same as usual, one dollarls €0ml>056d Of his reminiscences
jlox- undergraduates and two dollars of Dublin's great and near-great
for seniors including twelve agency during the Past fifty year5'-the

 

 

 

 

We almost wclll down under this 3 Christian association will attend Lhel I '
RCHIlZ-lllllillllll Full Sludcl‘ll Christian con-J “ml the conlllllllcc which ill)-

ll guy actually has on llll‘ bull."

conducted on Campus day. One pictures. Graduates who wish agency

of each race allowing for a division same rate.

leading figures of the Irish literary
chllaissance. all of whom were
(Continued on page /,, (30110an 1/

 

of points.

 

point will be awarded to the victorI pictures may have them for the
l

5 State SCA Delegates ‘
To Attend Conference

, .chcral dclcgntcs oi the Studan by Anna "- "01m

illl.r mm. [hm-c would be no Dem-15;fol-once at Cornell University today, pointed Dr. John M. Stlyles succes-
ol' opinion collllllg from the fl'osll.

ll(llllill'l‘l)W and Sunday.
.li\'ilics of SCA

01110? llC-sor lo Dl'. A. R. Brubucllcr ll‘icd
“dimmed f‘“',lo gel, lll touch with him twenty-

wp [hill] nor-0mm “n lmcnlgpm-.lhls \l'cok will lJi' li‘l'cshlllllll com—lhnn. hours mum mm, would not
looking sophollloro lllld poppcd lllc g ‘
ollcslioll, l-Ic rcpllcd. "I prefer post- i (lllllt'lllg class. “W” in
lily, of llulllcl'iclll l'l‘hllllS. bcczlusc

llllissioll, Mul'l'llluc ('(llllllllHSlOll llll(l hm“. mum, mm HI, would haw,
. (I ll ll ll (1 ll. fishing ! !
f Sluic sludcllls l‘xlii‘t'lllll-f L0 [Jill"‘l)l'. Salli-s is llolcli lUl' lhc l)l‘(lll(l
,lll'lplllc lll_ llll‘ (‘Uillt‘l'CllCe ﬂl'clscopl‘ ol his intervals and lOl' his
,Iltohl-l'l Mlll'llll. Mlll'y 'l‘l'lllllor, JOllll; flue (llﬁi‘l'lllllllilllilll of value.

M'hll'lll rollccl'lllllu l‘l‘VUli'h‘ is \'('l'_\' Tm“ “It” ” b” “m (“H‘HU’HI “’l'\\“l""”') 50mm.“ mam” Aime" Nl-xl lo his family which consists
\l'ol'lllwhllc. blu Illl- publlclllloll of “l” "1"“ I ‘lll,"""” lulu”)- ,A‘l” “H'smlllv ,J‘u”,ol "A soil, llll'i‘l' grulldl'lllldrcll llll(l
“MI,” “I” m, U, I”, hm“.le l” um; WI' . ,lll'usl lilll'm'lH‘h upoll lfl'l'dilllol's; lli‘lL’ll) lxloss, lit‘llh‘ull ly- ‘“ (“my “1.. SHIP“, “mum,” have
m“. “ml “pl (Jilly hurl Lllosp pull)!“ lllll All. ninxlllg lll llilc Al'lll'lllcs.lll'lllu. Allcl» l‘lli'liill', lli‘l'llu'i' Duci, “H,” “mm”. “www.md Wm, Mime
mm mm, (mm, up 1,“. kulmg- ollll-o llc i‘ill[)llllhlZi‘(l, 'l mu llgulllsl l‘l:l‘il \Hlolsl‘clll, sopllolllorcs, ‘ll‘llil‘rnmh “mm, H LN. mmmlug to D1,.

'l'o our qucslloll. "You ()])|)():,‘[I ll lil‘l‘llllhi' what We dolll kllow wolll Mm. Ilcloll (.llrtls, udwsor lo b(.A.,larvdvmk “ms “minimum... He
)llllllll'lllllill of [hp lilllllt‘l‘ll'ill l'o- “NH “5- 11 I H“! “lily 1W” '-’«"“§»  V li‘l'cshlllull collulllssloll will llllvc‘mp-lm-Hl “my m-mmm u up {mm a
slllls. oil-ll?" “Wm” “W” i". """W “W” “: Us “th llwellne 'I‘uvbduy nt 3:30 small pl'lll'llcc school lo one of the

“You.” ho l'l‘iilli‘ll. "lllll this is “ill5 l‘t‘liml'kﬁ “lll'l'im‘d ill" 50"‘1' o'clock ill the Loullgo of lthlllU‘(l- ()[lisiundlng high schools 1,, New

‘llli‘lll. of lilillll‘l‘iillh silldcllls illlll

:l 'lcll' ol‘l lllc l’ccol'd.” ~ I
n '\ lhc ego oi ullsucccsslul culldlddlcll

With it prolllisc that we would ‘ H _
km.“ H“. public in [1“. dark us [,0 Wlll' l)(,' lllfiﬁlltlbhl) llllll.
1m “lumpy w,. Sum-d away Bill Uill'l'llllcc. '42, who had over-
Next we picked out lill lllLCl‘Cb'Lv llcul'd everything that Day had said.
on.’ group of i'rcslllllcll. both llllllcyllllw coulllcl‘cd, "If a candidate ob—
lllld fcllllllo. ‘jccls to having his name published
"What do you think of the llcw‘WlLll his lllullcl‘lcal results. let him
voting systclll?“, We asked Llle‘Wllllldl'llW.”
l'rcshlllell. : "l‘ls seldom a reporter can find
, ‘ .
"What new voting system?" l «Continued on page 1;, column 1,)

mm hull. Marion Killuslvy. ‘40. willlvork state. oven in the United
llc in charge of tho progrulll nudism,th 17),“ Suﬁ” hm, done his
Miss l-lclen liull Morclluld, dean work 50 exceptionally well in build-
“f HtUdell”, W1“ h‘llclik- lug ll pl'lchlco school with a faculty

Oil Wednesday at 3:30 o’clock, renowned for creative thinking as

lll'l'lllgc commission under the well as for teaching skill that pur-
guidaucc of Theron Powell, '40, cuts file applications for their chil-
and Dorothy Johnson, '41, will meet dren five and six years in advance.
ill the Lounge. Discussion will center During his twenty-five years at
about “The Place of the Family Milne, Dr. Saylee has gained a
in Civilization." prominent place in the organi-

 

Dr. Sayles’ Rounded Interests
Give Him Fame in Many Fields

6.
TZilLlUll for high school principals.
l He is chairman of the Benevo-
lent Association which built the
‘ Alunllli licsidcncc halls for women.
5 As soon as the debts on those build-
lillg‘s are paid off, he plans to start
ll drivu for ll dormitory for the men
of Silllc.

Dl'. Sllylcs l‘('('(‘lVL‘(l his education
in Mcxico lu'udcmy, New York,
Kcyhihllc llczldl-llly. Pennsylvania.
illlll (.‘olgzltl- lluivvl'sity, from which
.lll‘ was gl'lldulllcd lll 1900. In 1902
he rccoivl-d his degree as Bachelor
iol Pcdllgogy from lllc 51-.ch Normal
‘(Jollegc at Albany. During the
gpcrlod from 1902 to liillii he was
[acting principal of Glclls Falls High
,school. lil 1900 he llcclllllo llssocl-
died with Slate Normal College at
:Allllllly us professor of education
'lllld later as supervisor of the proc-
lice school. More recently. until
his llppollltlllellt as acting president
of NYSC’I‘, Dr. Sllyles was princi—
pal of Milne High school.

When asked about his plans for
the ensuing year, our genial presi—
dent replied. “I’m just one of the
men hired to get the job done. We
are all working together."

 

 

