'Mm...~__.m,_...._.____..-wa.0. .

c’r‘it 'l"L,‘.. (Hall J... I;,.‘r '1: Mlsjuju. lb! is \x ..

Portrait Division

Perlect Poses

HPictures as they are posed to be"
might well be the sub-title to this
division oi our special Salon Edi-
tion, lor in it are Featured the out-
standing portraits taken by col-
legiate amateurs this year. In addi-
tion to having Fine composition,
the winning photographers have
caught the personalities oi their
subjects in a truly remarkable
iashion. Special mention should
be made oi the photograph be-
low, ior it is an excellent example
oi sell-portraiture, a branch of
portrait photography which has a
special appeal to a great many
college amateurs.

Inhamr—rauar;

H<1Fﬂﬁ

(opus-Vanni

' Two Losses Make One Good Picture

it ii ‘.
Cymbal Player  Alex Campanis, New York University second baseman, lost his cap anleirst Base-
; man Soupis oi College oi the City oi New York lost the ball in the sixth inning oi the

""‘W"  game won by N.Y.U., 4 to 3.

Jack Mendelsohn : I
College of the City of New York   i “EST ‘19,”
. f ‘_ V A I I 3' I~I

Wide World

4

Mountaineer Soldiers Parade in Her Honor

When West Virginia University's military corps passes in review, it gives a smart
salute to Regimental Sponsor Jane Greer. A ma'or in journalism and a member ol
Kappa Kappa Gamma, she attended Columbia bniversity belore climbing to the
mountain school.

"Most Handsome"

. . . was the title voted Domi-
nique LaCasse by his Columbia
University senior classmates. e
does lice-lance modeling, and
spends some oi his spare time
looking at the movie-star photos
that adorn the walls ol his room.

(.olleuiale Diursl Photo by l t‘wr:

Politicos in Action
R l; Johnsondl‘dD B RlClldld

H H “ ‘ " son are the top oHicers in the
Gordon Aerial Photographer new Elmo. i0. President on.
lormed on the lndiana University
campus to sponsor the presideri
' ' l d‘ t M ildlll‘lll
B.“ canwnght  D'  ligocstlljjltljlgllhl Rigausevvll |says

nuthing wuuld indi liei tu cli

Second Prlsc "Hid Pills

West lennessee State lCdChUS /ii9iriia Polytechnic Institute
lei the tarnpalijri, but the tllll) is

carrying ()tl anyway

Collegiate Digest Photo by Gordon

matmravaeuxuhduﬂunérmﬁkw b» ,.. r

 

