 

2 SUMMER SCHOOL NEWS, AUGUST 11, 1939

Summer School News
Published by the students of the Summer Session,

New York State College for Teachers
Publication office—Room 135, Milne High School

 

THE STAFF We ‘
_. “Lem bpsme 0m. own in which by the fact that the rust-brown crust
Frank Augustine Kathleen Kenny The , , . Inners *3 _ ~ . t . , . -, , .f _
public schools should piovide education suit- there ,5 the shmtest CVldence of mils a gleemsi colour. as l vege
Matilda Bauer Leonard Kowaisky able to the needs of an boys and girls approximately H tghbrows mu will He will? Mars] the God of   to life after the Mentors

 

 

[Believe That:

 

High lights

on the

 

 

 

 

SUMMER SCHOOL NEWS, AUGUST 11, 1939

 

 

Picking

 

Mars. the only planet in our solar

War, in ((‘(,'llll_\'illg' our attention

Mars Holds World’s Attention;

Dr. Power Comments on Scares

O ._-
the land. This theory is supported

 

 

Meet

Your

 

 

Alice Brown Dora Mason

William Busacker Adeline Miller between the ages °.f 2 and 21', F-P-A- —-"-‘—'—‘ Dr. Power professor of earth

F. v. Damn“ Frances Murphy Learning experiences prOVided by schools should American mums random is bowl“ within the huh few weeks_ sciences‘ at S'mte College SENS “mt . M

Jean DeForest Isobel McCampbeil be determined primarily by the needs 0f Presean day Before we bid each other farewell, mug to wbnder whether 0,3110, Lhc The only evidence of life on Mars life on Mars is possible hug highly Dr. Hoover H. Jordan

Frank Evans Miriam Newell 5,0???” Inquual mtereSt’s and abilities .Wm neces' highbrows (and highbmwesseslu may United States' Davis Cup team will is principally that of a mysterious improbable. He explains that be- Dr. Jordan comes to us all the

Frances Field Enes Novelli “Maw behtaifsn mt" 91°90“? gut Sl§01?llzatf°n m fqul’ we .l‘ake YOU Over the coals once keep the coveted trophy at home, network of fine lines covering the cause Mars has only a small amount way from Kansas—that is, in regu-
ca on s on occur argey eyon tie present iigi agan‘L With the brilliant Don Budge absent planet's surface from pole to pole. of oxygen, little vegetation, and ex- lar session he teaches at the Uni-

versity of Kansas. Dr. Jordan is a

Elfreida Sullivan
Hazel Tamblin
Veronica Thompson
William Vrooman
Prudence Wagoner

INSTRUCTOR
William Clark

Janice Friedman
Marion Hinden
Mary Holleran
Otto Howe
Robert Hunter

The NEWS will welcome any contributions from
its readers. All articles must be signed but names
will be withheld from publication on request. Com-
munications may be left in the NEWS Mailbox in

the basement of Draper Hall.

Volume 1, No. 5 August 11, 1939

Need We Say More

More teaching and less testing would make sum-
mer School more profitable. The majority of stu-
dents who devote the vacation period to study do
so in order to further their education. They come
to institutions where they may benefit from the
knowledge and experiences of outstanding educa-
tors. One needs only to visit the library any hour
of the day to be convinced that these students are
earnest and sincere.

Many professors believe it is necessary to give
one or two tests weekly. At least two of the re-
maining three days are given to individual oral

school years.

The schools should be concer
ment of “whole” personalities.
moral aspects of development are fr
because of over-emphasis upon in
of learning. Children are still sacrificed upon the

ancient altar of grade and subject matter standards.

Education is far more than “knowledge.”

The curriculum should be org
functional education. Children should be provided
experiences which will ena
understanding and appreciation 0
they live. Much that is taught in schools today has

little transfer value simply because it has little rela-

tion to life outside the schools.

No school “subjects” should be considered as pecu-
liarly valuable for achieving disciplinary or cultural

outcomes.

Schools should be organized and operated more
democratically and informally than they generally are
today. Adult guidance is needed but not adult dom-

ination.

Every pupil completin
culum adapted to his nee

children instead of children to schooling.

All persons are educable

and do their

less.

Dr. J. Allen Hicks.

 

ned with the develop-
Emotionai, social and
equently neglected
tellectual aspects

anized to provide for

ble them to increase their
f the world in which

g a secondary school curri-
ds should receive a diploma
which should specify the accomplishments of that
particular pupil. This means fitting schooling to

and all have human values,
regardless of color, religion, I.Q. or economic status of
parents. The schools must recognize differences in
capacities to profit from various kinds of experiences
utmost to provide each individual an
environment best suited to his development as a happy
individual and a worthy member of society.
believe in Christianity and democracy, we can do no

Apologies are in order to Dr. Clau-
sen. T'other day an abominable
odor permeated one of our class—
rooms. The source was soon found
to be a rat . . . but indeed it wasn't.
Alas, it was Dr. Clausen’s prize star-
nosed mole. We sympathize deeply
with you, Dr. Clausen, both for the
lowly misnomer and for your great
loss.

We hear that Paul Bulger was the
star baseball player at the Myskania
picnic Saturday. Putting on weight
hasn't altered his versatility, has it?

Dr. St. John is quite the Casanova.
Did you notice him at the Commons
party last Friday? He can “beat it
out" with the best of them.

Dr. Walker loves to indulge in
facetious comment. T’other day he
gave himself away when he said:
"An economist doesn’t get any more
attention than a priest in a min-
nery.” Some people would call Prof.
Walker naive. Would you?

Dr. Brown‘s face was certainly
red when a group of his modern
drama class traveled 100 miles to see
“Petrified Forest” only to learn that
the last ticket had been sold at 10:00
o'clock that morning. Mind you,
Dr. Brown had said reservations
were unnecessary. Dr. Brown
thought it was very funny. Quite
a perverted sense of humor, we
would say.

You‘ll have to watch your pauses
after this, Miss Graham, especially
when you get into Milton's “Para—

from this year's group of players
eligible for Davis Cup play, a feel-
ing of uncertainty has crept up as
to the ability of the American con—
testants to vanquish the highly
touted Australian squad.

Patc’s Worries

Walter L. Pate, captain of the
United States group, has quite a
job before him. As yet, no one is
certain who will work for the team.
The upsets provided by the Sea-
bright and Southampton tourna-
ments have been the foremost of
Pate's troubles. The Wimbledon
champions succumbed before the
attack of players ranked far down
the list. Riggs, Parker, Hunt, Mc-
Neill, Grant—all have been defeat-
ed.

Pate's chief worry is the gathering
together of players who can play
fine tennis consistently. All the
American players have shown
flashes of brilliant form. but this
has been offset by their erratic per—
formances. In all probability, Bobby
Riggs. Frankie Parker. Don McNeill,
Gilbert Hunt and Elwoad Cooke will
form the backbone of the American
squad. But these players. even
though they are considered Amer—
ica‘s best. will have to Show a sud—
den reversal of form to overcome
Australia‘s red-hot three of Adrian
Quist, Jack Bromwich, and Jack
Crawford.

Australians Consistent

Many astronomers believe that the
network of lines is made up of real
canals, artificial waterways con—
structed by highly intelligent beings,
to convey water from the melting
polar snow caps down over the
planet‘s surface. A worldwide canal
system would be a vital necessity
on a globe such as Mars, because it
has no oceans, rivers, or seas. The
only water available is locked in a
thin laycr of ice and snow at the
poles. In the spring. it is supposed
that the snow melts and the water
flows through the canals to irrigate
Myskania Holds Reunion;
Members Enjoy Sports

Myskania, honorary senior campus
leadership society of State College,
held its annual picnic get-to-gether
in Thacher Park last Saturday at
3:00 o'clock. Myskania members of
the 1936, 1937, 1938, 1939 and 1940
Myskanias were present.

The picnickcrs played so enthus—
iastically at softball that the ball
was lost under the pavilion near the
ball diamond. Sophie Wolzok, ’38,
became the heroine when she crawl—
ed under the pavilion, on all fours,
and retrivcd the ball. “Duke” Hersh

 

treme degrees of cold, the Martians
t if such there be) would not resem-
ble humans, but would be more like
grubs and worms.

In regard to the "attack from
Mars" story and “end of world"
tales, Dr. Power says that if people
would question such stories and
apply a little logical reasoning there
would be no such terror and con-
sternation as last Halloween’s night-
mare, when Orson Wells presented
thc play "Things to Come.” So
watch out that the Martians don’t
get you!

 

Little Known Facts —
Well Worth Forgetting

There are at least 317 student's
cars parked on Washington Ave-
nue. Robin, West, and adjoining
streets each day; forty-seven
faculty cars in the parking lot.

State students spend between
zero and LWenty-four hours each
day preparing lessons for the
next day; except those who spend
that long preparing excuses for
not having the same lessons done.

An average of quite a few do-
cibels of noise may be heard in

 

 

was the home-run king of the day.

After a strenuous afternoon of
sports there was a picnic lunch
around the bonfire. Jane Wilson,
‘40, created interest by losing her
wrist watch which was later found
in the woodpile by Leonard Fried-

a single day in the State College
library.

If placed end to end the stu-
dent body of State would reach
from the front door of Draper,
up Western Avenue past Mann-
ing Boulevard, and about six

Yale man but has received both
his Master's and Ph. D. at Cornell.
We wanted to know whether
“young Kansans were so different”
from us. We found that the young
Kansans are more state-conscious
than we are. They want you to
know that they still aren't overrun
with Indians. Dr. Jordan wasn't
quite sure whether they Were dif-
ferent because he teaches “mostly
young engineers." But, “on the
whole, there isn‘t much difference,
as they all fall asleep in class.”

Then in the manner of the proper
interviewer, we asked Dr. Jordan
about his hobbies and interests.

“Well, I don’t collect stamps or
carve soap models or do anything
useful like that.” However, he is
very much interesth in sports. (For
an authority on baseball, he refers
us to Dr. Brown). And in his spare
time, he reads papers. That's how
a composition teacher spends his
idle hours.

Of course, what interests us most
is what Dr. Jordan thinks of the
students in State College Summer
session. He is most impressed by
their sincerity and hard work and
the interest they show in their work.

Dr. Jordan also told us a story
about State College students that
had been told to him. It may be old
to some of you but it's still good.
You sec. it's like this. When a pro-
fessor enters a classroom at Cornell
or at the U. of Kansas and says

reports. One day is left for teaching by the person
who really has something to give the student.

If tests are necessary to check on the reading
done by irresponsible students, why not limit the

Whereas the United States‘ play-
ers have been on and off, the Aus-
tralians lltl\'t‘ performed flawlessly
with a consistency that is amazing.
Quist has overcome the foot—fault
defect which ruined his country‘s
chances for the trophy last year. He

dise Lost” . . . and more especially

when discussing that infernal region
modernly known as “Hell.”

An orchid is in order for Dr.

' _ _ . ‘ The small town We all come from or would like to w-me‘ Who smuncmy believes that

number and the time to be used in so domg.’ 'Ihc have come from is sympathetically represented in 0‘31“ “OUTS is t00 much for any

Thornton Wilder's “Our Town,” starring Frank summer “(111001 summit to carry-

blocks farther. A very disturb- "Good—inorning,” the class says"

mi; thought. Hillt- "Good-morning." When he offers
If the ideas for nch here at this pleasuliL greeting at State, his

summer school were placed end (51-,th val-y diligently writes it in

to end, you’d have quite a job thh- notes.

finding them.

fancier. ‘39.

 

 

 

Curtain!

 

Silence Is Golden But—-
Not Without Laughter
The complaint came from one

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

 

 

 

majority of students feel that excessive oral topics H .
Craven. Hlliiay, for you!! , - , ,. ., , . ._ _ I , ,,
.. . ‘ t . , ‘ .. v . . ' I . was taking cm Ulla “0D Wilt“ 5‘31 professor of State College the
are a distinct waste of time. Such topics are hclp- Beautifully presumed with a min-“mum of pro!» L'lEeOhBltvlcspoplplc these faculty... vmg' A“ Signs m- um “h.th have GUM (my mm his class had not 3-,” Hardy Is Our Choice Unwanted
‘ ' ' ml 1 [01 inbmnce' He dlSﬂl)I)Llill'C(l C‘Jlllllll‘it‘li’- BI‘OIUWK’hy been sufficiently interested in We suggest that Mr. Hardy‘s aid HAlR

 

Dc enlisted in contacting the Mar-
wrut through the entire register Lions the next tilllo their planet
and commented on the amount comes so dangerously close to the
of lull-Ling each student had done. car‘h. Assisted by a small mega—

Ouc particularly reticent stu- phone thcru is every reason to be—
(if'lll was mildly criticized for his lirro that success would be his.
rrscrvc. His prompt reply to
the professor was, "No, I haVen‘l.
said a Word, but I HAVE laughed
at all your jokes."

[L 1:. rt'porh'd on good authority

ful to the individual who does the necessary research cities this play tells OHM happiness and heartbreak
in preparation but very “me of [his worthwhile  11.21 fplund in a typical small town, Grovers Cor—
. - - .swimming pool.

knOWICdI-le 15 registered With his fellow Ciassmi‘llcsr Frank Crach plays the part of the stage manager l Miss Wheeling Showed some mov-
What can be done to remedy this condition who tells the story of "Our Town.” It is he who ling pictures of faculty children the
introduces the various characters and tells us a little 10mm- day, Remarkable pictures in.

discussion. Tho professor then
It c m o v c d
fr 0 in face.
a r in s a u
legs in elec-
trolysis with
new insulat-
ed n e o (1 lo,
painless, re-
m-ill‘ 
poss ) e. o
roan/E“ ut‘tcr marks
on your skin. Now $1.00 'l.‘rcatuiouts.

(‘oimultutlolm free — rocouunoudod
by physicians.

ERNEST SWANSON
17 Western Ave, Phone 3-4988

171 Central Ave. _
oi-nN iivanNos

WAGAIK’S COFFEE SHOP
NOW AIR-CONDITIONED

Good Food in u. Friendly

with his two-handed tactics, has im—
proved considerably, Crawford 
still the old Crawford, a great tennis
player.

As things stand today. one can do
nothing but pick Australia to take
the necessary three of the fch
malrlws. Should Bobby Riggs and
Elwood (Jookc regain their Wimble—
don form, tho affair would be a
battle royal with litllo to choose bc—
tween the two squads. Right now. that llic student is in line for
however, it's the Australians by a an 

invites people out to his house and
then makes them work on his new

 

eXIsting in our COUCng 4nd UanCrSlUCb? of their past histories. So subtle and natural is his dead, and so were the children

performance that he can step in and out of his role luobbv Hardy and Peter Jones w;

as narrator without causing the onlookcr the slight— imam-ad but Sandy Clark stole tliu
est bit of confusion. ‘show. ' .

We Thank You
The audience was brought into the spirit of the ‘ Nut, [hm LhiS mhhhh is dedimmd

I ‘ -
lhc second J'll‘l of the union: scssio cld .
‘ I I It )1 b r n h play by the cleverness of the production. They were ,to Dr. Brown but it seems that be
last I‘rlday in the Commons of Monday Hall was allowed to ask questions about Grovol's Corners. We is a “schmvzoimehic Hp 19 “ham.
an even greater SUCCESS than the first. The Lum_ think “PM! W119  ltﬁk llul'sollttl questio'us about the the dt-lusiou that he is T. S. Eliot .,v
V own wuc incinbcis of the cast planted in the audi- one 1m” 01' the Lime and can way Will“ llllllhln- —

out was remarkable. “a were happy to welcome once, but it was all clone in the spirit of fun. lumps the ohm. hail" of the “me l’hi Killlllil-‘i vs. Fut‘ully
so many of our regular session students who had Wu:iﬁé'mwltuiﬁg‘ﬁug liéiFlgltlmlfollﬁﬁf 321113;“  T‘lTildellv llvl'hﬁbﬁl. With SMIUUWUN All Slim“ 11‘“
I v ‘ H H t . - ~ ' " V v ‘ '1 Ill-l 11 site of the foe t '. ‘ ' htl ~ mil to )llch for tho lucuiy
i heard about ‘thc lust patty and wouldn’t have miss- through the trees “representing the early morning puts ii. haggard lobkmiiiilgé (drill): tin:(institution![hp mum-nin- should

ed this one for the world.” sunlight was Very “ileum” , (walking the floor lli'ilts tr for to win a ('lost', our. Tillllltlt‘l'iltlll lilf‘kr;

lit-cous- of tie if ll ‘1 ll ' I l: ‘y b

It. .1 . .' . . . , - , 'L 1 an '5 l“ ‘11.“ Ly "1 “‘0 l’lo‘lucuon LDUL “10 YOllllB-‘itel' to sleep), he still is good but it is understood that lllr
/ s usua, dancing was the outstanding feature u: a whole it isclltllcult t0 smelt! out anyone besides ,rotuins his delightful sense of hum— Schoolboy really has llli’llll' 0“ “Wt .
hunk CNWGH im‘ excellent Wol'k: Miss HiltClllll-Sou for. He pulled this one the other ball. Maybe Smith will be in lilt‘l‘l‘\ 30“ QM” 5L 4'94!“

 

C. P. LOWRY

Watciimitkcr and

 

Jeweler

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Lucille Beauty Salon

Evening Appointments

of the evening with Dr. St john “shining,” Card-
_ _ ' ' *' sensitively interpreted her role of Emily Webb, the .da - Gm ‘ I ~ ~ - r ' " ‘ ‘ ’ ‘ ’ " ' 1" '“1
F Playmg proved “1mm” Impulur pastime. young gm who loves the boy mm door. Donna Eu“. y. icta Garbo was snatching anyway and mayor flu into 5 u
we of the NEWS ,lw dce )1 11,, l.  Curtis Cooksey. June Walker and Aiusworth Arnold You sec_ “she wanted to be 
‘ i y 5 ‘1 Em! m “10% all did splendid Jobs. Hugh Norton, a State College (Do you get it?) u lawn i
of you who have attended these affairs and have graduate who ts now a salaried member of the festival. “ And now, lads and lassics we i
made them such a success. We are sorry it is too illudchuwinoii or .1115 9“” ot the “WW Simon sum“ link“ “we or 5’01" if 5’0“ do“ “mid AGENCY i
.011, .1c chuicli Oiganlst. too much, on our bounding broom- i
l
l

 

 

grass and throwing it over her head. Will-

 

CAPITOL TEACHER’S

 

Joseph Burlmgallo

COLLEGE
SHOE REPAIR SHOP

464 Washington Ave.

Comfortable Atmosphere

late in the session to have any more. But conic As Acting Governor Charles Polotti said in his stick (apology to Bob Benchlcy), Selim“ ("hams Teachers WEBTFRN AWNUE AT QUAU

speech or “Mme TUESGW night. "New York Stuto ,Do you suppose, Dr. Brown that 4 1r fl
’ 90 State St. l'houc - .i 1

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

back next year. We’ll be here. They’ll be bigger is m m wuummnud “DO” U L p . I l l
. . a - " a l‘ asses-slop 0‘ sue: a »i l.- ~ 1 ?' ~ . l. -.
and better, we monusc you, is (Oi min t 9) could have been as

 

 

 

 

 

 

worthwhile project as the Mohawk Drama Festival," effective, written in poeti'y‘l? '*

 

