»—¢:=un::a~u.—... .._. MW- ﬁasgumw .m.~v.;..- 1«

. _....-.‘.-...,_,,..Ly

.____._..._._———-—aﬂhx;t.t so... .

2 SUMMER SCHOOL NEWS, JULY 21, 1939

Summer School News

Published by the students of the Summer Session,
New York state College for Teachers
Publication office—Room 135. Milne High School

THE STAFF
Frank Augustine Kathleen Kenny
Matilda Bauer Leonard Kowaisky
Alice Brown Dora Mason
William Busacker Adeline Miller
F. V. Damanda Frances Murphy
Jean DeForest Isobel McCampbeil
Frank Evans Miriam Newell
Frances Field Enes Novelli
Janice Friedman Elfreida Sullivan
Marion Hinden Hazel Tambiin
Mary Holleran Veronica Thompson
Otto HOWe William Vrooman
Robert Hunter Prudence Wagoner

The NEWS will welcome any contributions from
its readers. All articles must be signed but names
will be withheld from publication on request. Com-
munications may be left in the ans Mailbox in
the basement of Draper Hall.

Volume 1, No. 2 July 21, 1939

A Student’s Lament

One of the complaints frequently heard during
the summer session is that the social life at State
is “dead” or at least nigh on to it. Those who
scoff most are usually those who can’t be per-
suaded to do their part in improving relationships
among the group. I

The News has seen the need for recreation just
as you have. We propose to reawaken the summer
students to the pleasures of companionship. We
appreciate the difficulties of uniting a group which
is here for so short a time. We have proposed,
however, to do something about it.

Through the cooperation of the faculty and by
the support of a few enthusiastic students, the first
general social event of the summer session will
“break” tonight. We think that by offering you a
pleasant evening we shall be contributing to your
needs as a social being.

STA'I‘EZAI’OI'I’IN is an informal dance and
card party which is so informal you‘ll like it. Men—
tal health calls for some relaxation. (,‘losc that
“psych” book tonight, come to thc party and
we’ll guarantee better results when you settle down
to the weekend "grind." Nor do we ask you to
cancel the "date" you have for tonight. we simply
ask that you bring her.

 

Communications

 

Friday
The Nuws: ‘

We just saw your article in today's "Summer
School New" regarding the. possibility of having
"Vic" dancing during the week ll' enough students
are interested.

Well, we arc interested, definitely. And if this
will help in deciding where to have claiming. we pro-
fer the Commons.

And only once a week! How about more often?

The time is important. too——2:30 to 3:00 o'clock. or
so. would gIVc us all a chnltce to share in the fun.

“All of Us."

 

 

 

[Believe - Do You?

 

 

 

It is presumptuous for me to attempt to state
what I belieVe education should be or become. Any
statement, however long. must be a partial state-
ment.

The mainspring. I think. of education is the fact
that civilization has been unable or unwilling to
answer two important questions: How can men live
together. work together, play together in peace. help-
ing each other rather than harming each other?
How can. the bounties of this rich planet be dis-
tributed so that those who are hungry may be fed.
and those who are cold may be housed. and those
who are ill may be attended? I believe education
today is little more than a parking place for youth
largely because We. as educators. have not attempted
to relate our work to these unsolved problems. I
believe senseless curricular materials are retained
in our program when no return is evident largely
because teachers think the world can be saved
by abracadabra.

I believe then that education—final schooling—
should somehow come to grips with the realistic
inequities. and injustices, and stupidities which make
life for so many people cruel and relentless.

How schooling can make its contribution to the
solution of the crucial problems of civilization, both
local and on a planetary scale. is the heart of the
educational problem. I believe there are many
methods, many studies, many curriculums. and many
types of organizations which will serve the ultimate
end. My own preference is for that type of school
in which young people live as naturally as possible,
do the things people like and ought to do—swiin.
read. play. rest. argue. buy. sell. nurse the sick. make
things. Think of the ideal home, and you have
the picture.

What will be the curriculum? What will be the
method? The curriculum will be the ordinary pro-
cesses of living, and the method will be expert guid-
ance exactly like that which an intelligent parent
gives. Now I know that under our mass production
system. serious administrative change must be made.
but We must never forget that there is nothing sacred
about class schedules. or our system of special teachers
for special subjects.

I have been talking about general education for
life. not special education for specialized vocations.
I have been thinking of grades 1 to 12. I Wish I could
go on and elaborate. explain and fill in the detail,
but space and time do not permit such luxuries. May
1 close by wishing you all a pleasant and profitable
summer and remind you that, in my humble opinion.
that education is best which is most natural. least
organized. supremely friendly and reasonable.

ROBERT FREDERICK.

 

Curtain .’

 

With great gusto. Katherine and Pctruchlo brawiod
across the open-air stage at the Mohawk Drama
Festival in Schenectady on the opening night of
Shakespeare's Taming of the Shrew. Loading the
cast of what has undoubtedly been one of the most
popular comedies in the history of the drama. is
Miss Jean Muir. well-known actress of stage and
motion pictures. assisted by a cast of players familiar
to the Festival audience.

Hugh Norton. a recent graduate of State College,
appeared in the role of the tailor. a small but very
amusing part. Mr, Norton. since his grtuiuutlon. has
played on Broadway and on tour in productions of
It'll'clru, Leslie Howard's Ilumtet. and f.lyhtnbt'. and
has been for two seasons a member of the Mohawk
Drama Festival Company.

The stage set. for this wcck‘s pcri’ornuuute, designed
by Jose Ruben. is adaptable to botlt indoor and out-
door sconcs. it is made up at" convenient arches and
trapezoidal panels which suggest lightness. and thus
blends with the tone of the play itself.

The ’I'untiuu of the Shrew is il story famous for
its never—logging action. Its apparent moral or llliil
is in its advice to young husbands on the training of
a wife. lhu. its more subtle meaning becomes clear
when Wt: llnd the subdued tcrmugant. Katherine. lig-
uratlvely tying her husband around her little linger,
The whole pcri‘ornnmce is carried off in a breezy. eﬁec.
tlvc manner.

Highlights

on the

Highbrows

 

 

 

Here we are again. Reverbera-
tions from last week’s column have
faded away. Surprising what good
sports these faculty members are . ..

First of all. .Jologies to Dr. D. V.
Smith are in order. Seems our
powers of observation are slight-
ly hazy. Or else Dr. Smith's in-
cipient Simon Legree is. Honestly,
We didn‘t see that mustache the
first; week. But why split hairs?
He has one now anyway. . . .

The various accents among the
faculty are intriguing. One of the
fairer members of Dr. Saucier's class
thought he was discussing the
"battles" of education. Later en-
lightenment proved that the subject
really was on its values. Dr.
Stewart's accent plus other requi-
sitles would make him eligible for
the role of Rhett Butler. Incident-
ally. he likes to collect bottles—old
bottles—and empty bottles. .

Did you ever notice the crowd
in Dr. Wyman's office these sum-
mer afternoons? Wonder what they
talk about? The heat? It couldn’t
be an old-time college bull-session.
Or could it? . .

Rumor has it that a certain group
of co—eds have a pool of five dol—
lars to go to the one among them
who first secures a date with one
of the faculty's bachelor members.
So for. his attentions seem to run
in another direction. Heck! We
didn't know there was a bachelor
on the faculty. But then. we never
get around. . . .

Ask Dr. Stuart Brown what he
thinks of the book situation. On
second thought, maybe you'd better
not. We hear he's been slightly
irritated about the matter of secur-
ing textbooks. English professors
do have extensive—and impressive—
vocabularics. . . .

We like colloqulausms. Do you?
When Dr. Newton assigned a test
for “next Wednesday-week." his
classes were prepared for it a Week
curly. We wonder if he made the
date l'or his wedding in the some
manner. Quaint idca. isn't it? . . .

Dean Nelson doesn't want you
to knock before entering his office.
He didn't say anything about
knocking after you leave. Maybe
he's just taking recognition of the
fact that some things are inevit—
able. . . .

anc you met Dr. Drinkwutcr?
She's a walking library on the sub-
,tcct, of ancient civilization. And a
decided refutation of the theory
that college professors grow to look
like the subject. they teach. After
all. it. mmld be rather too bad to
look like a mttnnny from n Phar-
aoh's tomb. . . .

We hear that there's an ardent.
rci‘ormcr on the faculty this year.
Not so strange. Ono generally thinks
of the professors as being reformers
more or less. Dr. Arthur Smith
seems to be the one gaining the rep—
utation this year. . .

. Speaking of reforming. tcc’nc de-
cidcd to turn over a new leaf. 15y
this time you've probably turned
tthc page. Good hunting!

 

 

 

Picking

Winners

 

F .P.,A. ————--———
Boxing

The last time that a twenty round
bout was held in the United States
was the night in 1922 that Jack
Dempsey walloped Jess Willard into
a pulpy mass. After a lapse of sev-
enteen years another such match
is to be staged; this time out in
Detrtit between Bob Pastor and
Joe Louis for the heavyweight title.

Boxing publicity experts are
building up the fight and a twenty

__

round affair is their ace in the hole. I .36 v . . , . , ..

_ . . cstai. Margaret Kalaidpun.
BOb PaStor Who mid b§°l"p“,da“g‘lluc. commerce, Ossining; Eudora
his way against Lou‘s {0‘ Len mun blFarrell. ‘36. English and commerce.

three years ago will have an op-
portunity to ride his bicycle for
an additional ten on the night of
September 21. The fight builder-
uppers feel that because Pastor
lasted ten frames with the dusky
champion the last time. he Will
have a better chance of staying
twenty and at the same time cop
the crown. This may be, but Louis
probably Won‘t let the match go
over ﬁve rounds. Certainly a man
running backwards can't run as fast
as a man running i'rontward. Louis
learned a lesson from that last. on-
counter and on the tWenty—ilrst he,
too, will be on his horse and prob-
ably will catch up with his man be-
fore the brawl is twenty minutes

Old' Golf

At Potnonok Country Club last
week Byron Nelson almost became
the second player in golf history to
win both the National Open cham—
pionship and the P.G.A. Lord
Byron had already placed his Open
cup into his trophy case and really
wanted the P.G.A. crown. For four
days he blazed away with average
65's on a course where '72 is par.
His brilliant play slipped a bit in
the morning round of the finals.
Lean anti lanky Henry Picnrd held
a one up lead.

The afternoon round saw the then
play almost on even terms. Nelson
went ahead at the thirty-second
hole and appeared to have the
match clinched. but Picard evened
matters with a birdie on the thirty-
sixth hole and won the play when
Lord Nelson missed a six foot putt
on the thirty-seventh green.

Had Nelson won. he would have
become the first player to match
the record set by Bobby Joncs buck

m 1928‘ Baseball

Sotnc people feel that there will
be a tough race in the American
League from now until the winner
crosses the wire. This might hap-
pen. 'I‘Ite chnnccs are it. won’t.
New York‘s Ynnkccs htth hit the
winning tl'uii again and despite the
desperate effort of the Boston Red
Sox, will bronze in by almost a dozen
games.

.loe Cronln's ttrguntcnt, titut the.
opposing clubs have failed to Hill.
their best pitchers against, the
Yanks this season doesn't hold wa—
ter. Manager Joe is rationalizing
perhaps for the sole purpose of in—
creasing his team's morale. Neither
Bridges. Harder. Lee. Smith. Feller.
Ncu'som. Wilson. Lyons, or Dietrich
have been able to successfully rc-
pel the Bronxonian onslaught. So
Cronin cun't condemn opposing
teams on this ground.

 

Florence Somet'vilie. ’36, cotntncrcc,

 

3.8 State Graduates
Secure Contracts

Appointment Bureau Lists
Positions of Past Month

During the past. month thirty-
eight graduates of New York State
College for Teachers. including
eleven of recent years, and twenty-
seven of the year 1939. have been
given contracts i'or teaching. ac-
cording to the Appointment bureau
of the, college. Of these positions
thirtch arc in English, and thirteen
in commerce.

Those appointed to positions are
Ruth Mackcy, ‘35, English. Fulton-
ville; Margaret Delaney. ‘35-. junior-
high English. Saratoga Springs;

Coxsackic; Margaret G. Markham.

Red Bank; Agnes Torrens. '37,
English, Ellcnvillc; Grace Parker.
‘37. commerce. Fultonvlllc; Lillian
Rushmeycr, '38, commerce. Pearl
River; Adonnn. Rector, ’39, assistant
librarianship, Alfred Plant Junior
High. West Hartford. Conn.; Elea-
nor Wickhatn, ‘39. English and li-
brary. Hartwick; Margaret Matti-
son, ‘39. English, Mat'gnrctville.
Joseph Leese, '39. English. Port By-
ron; Jeannette Barlow, ’39, Latin
and French. Adams Center; Clar-
ence Van Ettcn. ".it),-sciencc and
mathematics. Wcatford; Kathleen
Murphy. ‘39. French and Latin,
Brushton; Edgar O'Hora. '39. social
studies. Red Hook; Donald Loomis.
'39. sciences. Richburg; Ruth Park-
cr. '39, German and French, Jet'-
i‘crsonvillc; Joseph Mugglcton. '39
commerce. Camden; Doris Palmer,
‘39. English and library. Dovcr
Plains; Ruth Woolschlugcr. '39.
commerce. Bolton Landing; Mary
Elizabeth Nolan. '39. English and
Latin. Schuyler-ville; Gcorge Atnyot,
‘39, commcrcc and coaching, Narn—
ers; Lyle Lawton. ‘39. a-sistant rcc—
rcationai director. Troy Orphan
Asylum. Troy; Richard Lonsdaic.
'39. social studies, Margin-civillc;
Augusta Shuman. 'llt). commerce.
Boonvillc: Virginia Bolton. ‘39, li—
brary, Muinc; itcuh Mckccl. '(ltJ, coin-
mcrcc and social studies. lVIattituck;
Emily White. '39. English. library.
and social :itudics. Schuylcrvilic;

SUMMER SCHOOL NEWS, JULY 21, 1939

 

0h, Corona Corona —

Who Has That Corona?

Some enterprising person who
was not kind enough to leave his
or her calling card walked off
with a portable Coretta type-
writer from the girls' locker room
in the basement of Draper hall.
The typewriter was placed atop
one of the lockers on Registra-
tion day. and has since then been
taken.

The owner is anxious to have
the machine returned and has
offered a reward. Will anyone
who knows the whereabouts of
this typewriter leave a note to
that effect in the ans Mailbox.

 

 

 

Esthcr Mason. '39. library. Pough-.
kccpsic; Hclcn chzu ‘illi, colntncrcc.l
Homer; Nun Emory. '39. tho Day!
Home. Troy; Ann Reinhard. ’39.l
French and Spanish. W()O(Illlt‘l'(}'.l
Mary Lcnh Sweet, '39. commerce,
Middlcburg; Wlllllllll Ryan. ’3!).'
English and commerce. Sag Hur—
bor; Mnudc it‘uirchild. grudtmtc-stu—
dent. ‘39. English and library, Pots-
dam; Elizabeth Coogan. graduatc—
stiltlctlt, '39, English and gcncral
scicncc. Stunlordviilc.

 

Lucille Beauty Salon

Evening Appointments

7308 Quail St. li-ti-ltil

 

 

.Ioscph lit-.rllagullo

COLLEGE
SHOE REPAIR SIIOI’

llii Washington Ave.

 

 

 

liisley Honored By
Alumni Publication

Quarterly Publishes Lists for
Summer Reading

 

 

The Alutnni Asociation of New
York State College for Teachers will
issue the Alumni Quarterly in a
few days.

This particular issue of the Quar-
terly is dedicated to Professor Adno
w. Risley, head of the history dc-
partmcnt of State Teachers College
for thirty years, Whose resignation
became effective in June. 1939, The
magazine wears a maroon cover.
the color of Colgate University from
which Professor Risley was gradu-
atcd.

The leading article, “What Men
Lived Of." which concerns Amer-
ieait history as taught through bi-
ography was written by Professor
Rlsley. Also in this dcdicotory issue
is an article in appreciation of
Professor Risley written by Agnes
Nolan Underwood. secretary of the
Alutnnl association.

The Quarterly is publishing a list
of books submitted by the heads of
the departments of State college as
recommendations for summer read-
ing in each particular field. Among
tltcsc lists is one by Professor Ris-
icy.

’l‘h‘ts publication contains com-
pictc reports of Alumni Day, Com-
mencement Exercises. new Officers
' the Alumni association as well
as the usual personal alumni notcs.

Copics of the Alumni Quarterly
can be secured for twenty-five cents
at. the 00-011 as well as at the
office of the Alumni association.

.—

 

C. P. LOWRY
Watchmukcr and
.icwclcr

l7| Central Ave.

l

Meet
Your
Mentors

 

 

 

Dr. Arthur A. Smith
The shortest hour and a half in
summer session is that spent in an
economics course with Dr. Arthur

interest in vital problems of labor
and public finance, and his in-

a wonderful teacher.

Dr. A. A. Smith was born in
Monett. Missouri. received his B. S.
at Missouri State Teacher's Col-
lege, has had public school experi-
ence in Missouri and North Carolina
as principal and superintendent re-
spectively. and received his Ph.D. at
Vanderbilt. He is now the head of
the economics department at
Southern Methodist University in
Dallas. Texas.

Through his travels in 1934 in
eleven foreign countries, and from
his work in consolidating rural
schools for the entire state of Ar-
kansas, and as an authority whose
opinion is sought and respected in
his home state of Texas. he has had
many interesting experiences which
be readily shares with the students
in his classes.

We have it on good authority
that he also is a marvelous softball
player. “Just try and hit one of
the balls he pitches." says Bill
Clark.

Of the students Dr. Smith says,
"I find my experience and associa-
tions with State college people very
pleasant. They are very Willing
workers." Taking a great interest
in his students this likeable profes-
sor naturally has always made it a
practice to know his students as
soon as possible and to discover
their interests so as to make the
class-room association what it
should be in every sense of the
word.

A. Smith. His grand personality, his '

lmitabie southern accent make him

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 

U intuitith

HAIR

Ii 4- ill o v o d
I', r o in face.
a r ill :4 u n d
logs by elon-
trolysln with
now insulat-
ml n o e il Io.
painless. ro-
growtit lm~
pon'slblc. No
‘ ui‘tcr marks

on ,\‘olll‘ skin. Now $1.00 'i‘routmonte.

(‘ounultullonu i'rco -- rooolnmouilml
iy physicians.

ERNEST SWANSON

 

 

1"! Western Ave. Phone 3-4988
ornx I-lV’IiNINtiH

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

\‘t’AGAR’S COFFEE SHOP.
NOW AIR-CONDITIONED

(loud It‘ood in a It‘rlendly
t‘otni‘ortublo Atmosphere

WESTERN AVENUE A'l‘ QUAIL

 

 

 

 

