 

  
  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 6, 1939

 

  
  

Established'by the Class of 1918
Member

hssocialed Collegiate Press

Distributor of

Colleéiale Disesl

'l‘llc undergraduate Newspaper of New York State College
for "cllcllcl's

Publlnhod every Friday of the colic-go your by the News

Board representing the Student Association

Telephones: Ottlcc, 5-9373; llch, 2-4314; lx’owulsky, 2-1243;

V Young, 2-0701; Gabriel, :Hlﬁus

Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoﬂice

sTATECOLLEGE NEWS

IIIIIIINVID Fol NATIGNAL ADVIITIIING IV

National Advertising Semce. Inc.
Callus Puillsban Representative

‘20 MADIION AVI. NIW YORK. N. Y.

CHICMIO ' IOIIOI ' LOI AIIILII ' Sll FIAICIICO

THE NEWS BOARD
LIONARD E. KOWALsKY   Editor-ln-C‘hief
O'r'ro J. Hows ....... .. Co-Editor-in-Chief,
SALLY E. YOUNG  ....... .. Managing Editor
BnArlncn DOWER ..  Associate Editor
' S'rnrnnN KusAK ..  Associate Editor
JOHN MURRAY  Associate Editor
SAUL GnenNWALD . .... .. News Editor
Bmv CLARK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Sports Editor
MARY GAslun. ....... ..  Business Manager
KINNETH HASER Advertising Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

JAuIs MALomnr ....... . .. ,,,, .. Men’s Sports Editor
FRANK Auousrmn .. Assistant Sports Editor
ARNOLD ELLluuN . . . . . . . . . . . . , .. Assistant Sports Editor
JUNIOR BUSINESS STAFF
Ralph Clark, Beth Donahue, Miriam Nowell, Evelyn
Olivet, Betty Parrott.

War in Our Time

The inception of the second World War came
as a distinct shock to the many of us who firmly
believed that another major conflict would not oc-
cur again in our time. The destruction, the chaos,
the suffering of the last war, we thought, had taught
a severe and sorrowful lesson to its participants.
Evidently we were mistaken.

Our European neighbors seem to have forgot-
ten the far-reaching consequences that war brings.
They scem to have forgotten that war ultimately
solves no problems, and one war only stirs up new
hatrcds and breeds others which bring more havoc
and suffering to the people. War is the normal
State of mankind, peace the abnormal, some histor-
ians maintain. The European situation is no ex-
ception to this theory.

The war of the democracies versus the dicta-
torships began suddenly. The purpose of the latter
in flinging themselves into the cmbroilment is ob
vious—~national aggrandizement. The objective of
the Allies, on the other hand, has been enunciated
by Neville Chamberlain, who a year ago last week
returned to England from a conference with Hitler
to proclaim “Peace in our time.” in a. speech before
the House of Commons on September 20, this man
said: “Our general purpose in this country is well
known. It is to redeem Europe from the perpetual
and recurring fear of German aggression and enable
the peoples of Europe to preserve their independence
and their liberty."

l‘lvcryonc will agree that the purpose of the
Allies is a noble onc, in view of the great cost of the
undertaking. ’l‘hcy probably will Will the war. But
whether they will ultimately attain their olljt‘clivc
of freeing l‘iuropc from aggression by (hrrmany or
any other nation is questionable. The reason for

 

  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  

 

 

   

 

Elli» alphabet

This week we’ve been running
around in circles . . . diplomatic
circles. We circled around from table

Paying Propositions

 

Communications

The NEWS usnumcn no responsi-
llllltlr-n for columnnicotious printed
in this column.
must-
nutllor which will lie withhold upon
request.

All communication»

hour the signature of tho

 

to table at; Intersorority tea...
We weren’t like some freshmen who
didn't get around . . . and
learned that possession is nine
points of the law. Me-vllle know
better next time . . . maybe along
in June, eh?

 

 

 

Commentatater

Several weeks ago, the Student association unan-
imously passed a motion that the college directory be
made a student publication. At the time the motion
was introduced, it was stated that approximately one
hundred dollars was needed to publish the directory.
This immediately brings to our mind the following
question: Why can't this expense be cut in half or,
for that matter, be entirely eliminated by throwing the
pages open to advertisers?

The directory offers to Albany merchants one of
the best possible advertising mediums. It is a book
which is constantly used over a comparatively long
period of time.

Since the directory is a student publication, why tho , ,
couldn't an advertising board similar to those of other House about it? . . . (Editor’s note:
publications be established? The work of the board This is a hard one, kids.)
would be short-llved, but the money saved would be Seen darting here and there . _ ,
well worth the effort. two seniors . . . looking board . . .

The Freshman Handbook presents a similar op-
portunity. Consider, for example. one of New York
state's leading universities whose student body is no
larger than ours, and yet it manages to obtain close to
three hundred dollars worth of advertising for its
handbook. 0n the other hand, consider the cost to our
Student association for this year’s publication. It was
estimated at; $237, a sum which might easily have been
obtained through a well planned canvassing drive,

Advertising space in the handbook would be in de-
mand for many reasons. First, there is the undeniable
fact that the handbook is kept and referred to con-
stantly by the average student throughout his four
years in college. (Under the new plan, five years).
Secondly. the freshman, when he receives his book,
tries to learn all there is to know about his school and
the city which is to be his home for the next few
years. It is at this stage that he focuses his attention SOOh- The other Dart 0f the bl“ was
to ads which read “Eat at Joe’s and save money" or kll (bllns too. Very grattant‘yns
“Have your laundry done by Ching Wing." The stud- we'd say - ' ‘ Anne While we were
ent finds himself referring to it when he wants Wheezmg around downsmlrs arm"
to purchase a pair of shoes, to see a movie. or to Wardﬁ" we smelled a mturay)‘ She
get his glasses fixed. His handbook then becomes it didnt seem to carol at an that he
handbook in the true sense of the word was bMR‘ Anather thmg‘ we herbal If

' that . . . a certain junior boy still

The above suggestions are offered to the student goes for the mm It looked that
body as a challenge. Now is the time for actionll Now, way.
not next spring. the opportunity presents itself to It's 0 Ray with us ,_
economize in the budget. Let‘s really do something
about it.

The Critic A

(The Naws herewith inaugurates a new column

 

in circles. We hate to harp(er) on
this question . . . boot we

Wilson one please tell us?
But the qulnn-tessence of all

in these matters.

pleasanter.
on KD's fire escape, so the story

(halter)? We gussy was.
Something should be said about
the Junior reception . . . We think
it was worth talking about. Some
day. if we’re not a fred, we’ll take
someone off gard-e-phe will let us,
and tell him we think that stunt
was of very Hy quality . . . the
memory of it won’t meltz away very

due . . . and it‘s appauling
much he is due at the Dornl lately.

 

lating?

puns are
put the following llttle query in

but leggett go. We can't be too frank the freshman class.
Christmas and the end of the first

It's been wal-rath his time to semester
stick around . . . the frost seems to tions. The result of this plan would
be warming up. and mikelng things not be infallible. but its chance of
success is much better than the pre-

And-er-son person who’s been up sent SYSlem‘

Dear Editor:
Each year
elects officers during the first month
of classes, a time at which few of
them know each other or their abili-
ties in executive positions.
no accurate information on the can-
And no wonder we’ve been going didate except hearsay.
can,t 131116 plresldep‘li, thiamiis a stranger
. e w ex e
figure Ont if the camey V1118 at KDR lgad. Thgsguccegsh ofe thse eliging 
Sa‘urday “"79 was on the Square' entirely dependent on fortune.

To insure a more efficient admin-
istration would it not be more sen-
qllesthhS this W981i is how two sible to postpone the freshman elec-
sophs can take their jim together uons until such a time when the
at nlte. Got to give them Clea” freshmen know college, their class-
. it must be more fenlll- mates and themselves better.

To replace the present system, I
propose that Myskania or a commit-
tee of upperclassmen appointed by
Myskanla conduct the business of

the freshman class

There is

Then between

conduct freshman elec-

A reader.

goes. Was he in the wrong Haus Dear Editor:
If the duties of the class reporter

were as you described them. I too
would agree that the office is “mere
excess baggage."

However, the class of 1942 has de-
veloped this office into one of its
most useful ones. The duty of the
class reporter is not to report class
activities to the News for there are
enough sophomore reporters for that
function. Making posters for all oc-
casions.
meetings and publicizing all the
events of the class of 1942 constitutes
enough work to keep the class rc-
porter as busy as almost any officer.

sending out notices for

the other classes were to as-

sign to their class reporter the same
duty, that of getting people to all
functions and meetings and depriv-
~ but Merritt in them of the llbl " '
should be given where merritt ls that there was an me'etﬁlglﬁl [is 1:11;]:
110W belief that the office of class rc-
portcr justifies its continuance as a
Arndt you tired of all this tab-u- class office. On the other hand, if
the position is merely a name. a su-
Seclng as how Vavasour things our‘perfluous office, it should be abol-
pl'etty punk, we hereby lished by all means.

Harry Passow. '42.

 

good American English for his benc-
fit: Just exactly where does Marot—
to come in Methinks Al-ice not well
. . sorry, sorry.

It Gib-son people pleasure to have‘,

which will be devoted to a. consideration of aesthetic
interests.)

“Nurse Edith Cavell" ls a movie of serious interest
this winter. It may be classed with “Journey‘s End"

 

In Past Year's

 

 

and “All Quiet on the Western Front." however it
will be received lnuch differently due to the present
situation in Europe. Molly will earnestly desire to see
it while others will just as earnestly try to avoid it. ,
It may possibly act as a thermometer of public opinion
ill the United States.

The picture has been handled excellently. The
characters portray a fairly accurate photograph of

a little Jack, and makes things look
Bradt, too. l

 

over at the frat house on the Nort
end of Ontario. Well, can you Pete,

that.

England and the World War, despite the excessch _ , _‘ , .
propaganda pressure of the dialogue. For all lts glam- fﬁfsnmemha? celtgimy ol‘gnnizn
our this cinema runs too smoothly to be dogmatic. 1" ' ' ‘ h eeney' m “my V0 80“

 

There is a mathematical balance of tragedy, suspense
and humor that suggests a wall constructed play of
stupendous showmanshlp, so much so, that you will
not question the integrity until you walk out of the
theatre. The role of Edith Cavoll is one that should l
have been given to one of tho tl'atlcdlcnncs of the
theatre. Anna Nollglc is impressive but uninspired; l
she is dignified but uncmotlonnl. lll hcl‘ scrutiny not WIN/HIT-
l.o ovcruct she has become all lmmobllc martyr to a ill/“I'Hlllliml-
pnlrlotlc myth.

May Robson. Edna May Ollvcr and Zasu Pltts'
hch tossed asldc Llll‘ll' usual comic antics to become .
emotional clllu‘uclcrs. ’l‘hc smuggling sccllcs arc highly
dramatic and are pllotogruphcd l-ll’lclclltly and llll—

next week. Starting a
maybe?

'l‘l—ll’l WEEKLY

Student Employment llllrruu
hludullln ulll «who for

Illl‘lll of Ilu-lr uuuuw: Irllllu. tlclolwr

 

this last statcmcnl, wc think, is obvious allcr a study
of the last war. llitlur. Mussolini, alld Stalin rosi- in
countries whom the efforts of war lcll tlu- pcoplc 
llrlnorallzcd and disorgmlizcd. llclplcss and war-.
turn, they u'l-rc eager to follow the load of those

individuals who Wt'l't’ shrewd rnough to gain com-v

plt‘tc control. 'l‘ollzly lll (icrnlany, llrlly and Russia

we soc tlll- final outcome of that dvlnoralizalion and

disorganization.

When the pl‘cscnt war is cndl-d, similar circum-
stances will l'xist. lf lllt‘ Alllcs win, Nllziism and
Communism will be wiped out, but other isms will
spring up to take their place. This pcoplcs, again
bewildered and war-weary, will fall prey to new
Killers and new Mussolinis, and tin-o a vicious cir-
clc will prevail. Once more the diplomatic horizon
of Europe will cloud with the mcnaws of aggression
by new dictators; wars will eventually recur, and
another World War will have been fought in vain.

 

, of you only four ll, sollu- will be curious about it.

turlllly lll l-vcry drlull. "Nursc I'ldltll ()nvcll" ls “Class
A". It will be of llltcrcsl lo ovcryollv at ll critical llt'l‘— . lll'n. ‘\"~. uml oz.
lod of mainly such llh‘ Wt‘ lll‘t‘ i'xjn'l‘ll'llifllll; now. Solllo ,g, 51;. i "‘ ""‘l u "

\loullul. Ucloln-r lnu‘
'l'm-ndlly. (ll-lolil-r

“lulnvnlluy, Ut‘llllll'l' ll,
'l‘lloml \llm lll'l‘ lIIIlllllt‘ to obtain lull-r-
 \lt‘H'O on lllt‘ ill|.\n uppollllvil ulll
lulu‘n l'lll'l' nl‘ lr‘rlillly. Ui'ltlllt‘l' lit illlll
Vurlvly nlld musical lllllhlt'l‘)’ go to but lllls lull “Willi-M “.rluim'll' “in MI lllli‘Hln-us

I ‘ _ . ‘ I , .__ ,|\\ w rum III' N on "llll‘niuy. l’l‘llllli'l' ‘
\lllll Wllllllllllll llll(l Willlllli llllll'lll 1mm 1‘” ll“ (’luh |‘:, l‘IllIll‘lll') In previous unnolliu-i-llwul. "I
ll‘l'lll'l(l ltllllllll‘. \llin Irl-m- A.

,. , , .. it"lu l." ."

W.llhll,' ls ltlltllltil on the m.“ lll.l.~.llll lllllt ..;,,,,,.,,,,,,,.", ,,,,,.,.,,,,_
lll'tllll'lllll, broadcast from Monday through Friday l-uul
ovolllnlgh. NllC network. Wllll llllll lll'i' lllc blurs
‘llollllll Hill" lli-ycul'—old bullud shrill-r. l’ulsy (llll'l'ul

Illllul'l'. Narrator).

Assembly Hunting

! ‘ | , p ‘ ‘ _. , ‘ , I. » .. , .\~wmlil.\ wuls Illllo Ill'i‘ll li~~lullml
tlllll Jlllll. Wllntlll, lllllllh. hllulll (llllllllllll “ml ‘(I'mmm uml llw wutllu; l‘lllll‘l lltlhll'tl ou llII‘
. (.lmllllllul, llul‘ll.()llt.‘ Jllllllly Alklllh. llolcy M('(.lllll()t‘l(, llllllll lllllli-tin Imuril. liculnllluu Illl‘
conu-dy drummer. and l.ll(‘ "'l‘Wo lit-cs and a Mono)” "'"I'ninu- nth-qum-l- ul unm-mhll mu m"
‘ ', Iu- I‘I‘i||lll'l‘il. "'1'
l H lo. ___.-
. v i'( ,, . . . ,
'lllu l’llul Whllclmlll program, broadcast every I Hi” ill Registration l”“'
“t‘ulhll‘llllllll lol' illl‘ your illllllAlll in "H

,chnosduy. sols ll bl'llllulll. puco as it llocs into ull— Mm,” W, Mm“ hm ml” H. U

l other season us one of radio's outstanding clltcl'talll- ,'l‘ln- ul'culi-r port of ilw' .-..,l,,,.l.,,f,"'h',:’,; “ll-
llnculs. Lovoly. talented John Edwards. tho Four  1'" (my, frown-nun r‘lp... u-hm- rho:
.- ».- j - '. .v . v ». . ' . l" 0 I'Kc'un out no llillll '- '1
Modclnllllcs llllil'Cllllk Drums. trilol. llli. lllt. itlllllll— l,,,,.,,,,,,,m “Mm,” (mm mm m '25:: "'1
cd vocalists. Probably llcvcl- below» have as many 'l‘lwru urn mm itltl llrmluulr alml‘mhl
outstlllldlllg musicians appeared on our: popular pro- in"? l-“I”,l'lltla‘,""""“""'“'1' "f “""“" '5’”.
uruln-_ Wllll Whllmnml ul‘o Roy Barby. lllmllsl.1.....l"lio"'d~l-.'l....dii"iiihlilﬁiil'iii"i'iii."'iiti? 0“
Cllurllc ’I‘cagllrdcn, (mi' oi the llllcsl "hut" trulnpctors ‘I-qu. l
, of all times, Al Gallmloro, America's top saxophonlst. ,‘ "'““'""“' W“ ““""""¥l'- “"““~""“’- low
and man 'th" lllllllc: flmous 0 cr.‘ ‘  . "“T‘

lswmu y ol l s l t lov s of Jazz and pullJl‘jnw lmlploymonl m-

- 'l‘lm l"i‘l'}lt requests that all mumpl

Uri.

Campus
a ticket all drawn up for elections sort of traffic cop at the lalldlllg' of

"'"W The

ultllllilh, If for un.\
not lll‘l‘ll ('UIHIII'II'Ii In) the lllll't‘llll

-Ui'l.

. lll—~-Iulcrnuilouul

(- ll—wili‘rmuu

Five Years Ago:

, The singing of "Life is Very Dif-
Thc bicycle dot usually adorns the  forent" ill assembly by freshmen was
S’lllﬁlu osatn flulpuods sl [[Odod lump :addcd to the list of college tradi-
l lllons.
Freshmen women will wear mid-
,dics,
Pretty lowdown business. So no ton stockings. Freshmen men will
more for this week. except that tho ‘wcar black socks and black Lies.

Ten Years Ago:
skirts. red ties, and black cot—

'l‘wcnty Years Ago

sclltllllcllt favors some

president 'tllc second flight of stalls in Hllcst-
ed at 4:50 o'clock.

I} U L L Iﬂ'l.‘ IN

This lmllclin will in: lll!‘ lllt‘tlllllll for all (lllllonm'cnlcllis of on olflcial
Sludruls our! focally (ll'f‘ room's/ml lo loo/r Io (ho bullcllll for
Notices for Ilu' hullcliu inns! lu‘ in lllf‘ NEWS lnullho.v
, llnl lull-r lllun :‘lslm n'l‘lm'll' on Ilu' ll"('tlll('.‘l(lllll of ouch [)llllllf‘llllflll u‘m‘lr.

.
(:lllli‘I ullo nru- gill-n lq-IIIIN lly tllui ol'»
lll't' to report lunch to lll!‘ l"l‘l'2|l mu soon

lnIi-rllulr-l
. us lll~~llllv - -- l .
ill the lllll'l'llll on IIII‘ lolloulng rims, ,IW‘EIHNI “W‘H'l'l'” “l Iiol flu-y llll\l

llt'l‘lll'tlllll'. lo llu- ulpllulmilml lu'l'ulmu— 'lvhl,‘

Join or Jobs In duration.
is necessary lll order to lump

l'l'l'tll'iI-u cll-ul' lllill lo Iulou' lllli-rl- Ujll‘ll'

llllll l'llll('|'“|lilllllh I‘\lHl.

l"l'lvill “lulu-s ll l-li-nl-ly mull-r-

IN stood Illul all hands Iii-long t'\1'lll~l\l'l\

to the persons to “horn Illl- ol‘l’li-l- alum
such lcull~ llilll lllnl tho-w llhslunuwnls
lll'l' no more lrnunl'cl'ulilu lllull III|.\ HIM“
I'llylﬂ‘lll'lillllllli' lolly-r ol' l'q-I'olmucndulloll.
Mlnmm‘k. 'ml “I” “W” W “Li: lip|llll1'|lllll~ urn» llIl'lIu-I' l'c-illll-sil-d
i-Illlultril lln Imolrlu-l-llm' I'ol' llu- Nlmll'ul lion (bl; “ n 1 I" “III”. m “H. “mm. “I‘l-

"i‘llll "mm.

I‘l'llhllll illl‘)

\Iill't‘lllllll'n m-t-lr

l|.|\l'

I‘lllunr "(‘l‘l‘l'il. ‘ltl.
\lur) .lunc \ln-Munurll.
..__..__.. l'll't'i'ulr-n
Social (‘illvlular
d~-.\-..-.l-nllll,v, II:lll o‘rlm-li.
'lmHollllmuol'v llcl'i'pllon.
llull. hillll U't‘llll‘li.
l~liuppn l'lll liiuluu
uml ~ll|l|ll‘l'.
“l----~\\.\.\ llldlun luulili'r
l'M-FI'IIiIIlUI‘I‘ (‘omn-I'
moo o'clock.
“*vl'llllil-I'lllll'y t‘lull ('oi'pol‘uli‘
l‘unnnuulon. Hlilll o'i'lot'li.
ll—’I‘oucll l‘ootluill ltl‘lhoibll opt-us.
Ill—“Hull X" lllilt'UIIK noon.
Immune.

I'ulgu
con l'rri-lu'l'

IIllu-.
IDIN'II Ilouhr.

‘ Iinlllllonu null
l'llll'llll riclilnru Ulull Hui-Hint.
.illlil o'clock, Lonny».

. ll~l"n~sllmnn i-luus mooring. noon,

lloom 20.

(llnh meeting", noon,

llooln ‘itl.

 

 

l.
l
l

i

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 6, 19 39

W

 

 

 

 

 

(well-tackled
Schedule Games
For Coming Week

Potter-Kappa Beta, Avalon-I
SLS to Begin Football
Play on Monday

 

l
l
l

 

The footballs begin to fly again‘
Monday afternoon as Intramural-
coucll opens another six-man touch,
tackle season. The openers Monday,
pit SLS against Avalon-Spencer in,
what should be a hard fought battle‘
and Potter Club against Kappal
Beta. Potter will be favorite in the;
second contest and the game should;

 

be a tip off on their pl‘obablel

Jupo Pluvius F rowns
0". Tennis Tournament

Old Jupiter Pluvlus and his
deputy rainmen were evidently
intent that Intramural council‘s
aim of last week to break a “hal-
lowed State tradltion" by finish-
ing the tennis tourney should
come to naught.

Faced only with muddy Wash-
ington Park courts, dllring the
first three days of scheduled
matches. Jimmy Quinn; ’40l, Intra-
mural council president, decided
this week to cancel the tourna-
ment entirely instead of extend-
ing it on intermittently into
colder weather.

The cancellation means that it
will be varsity tennis time next
May before State racquets start
swinging.

 

 

strength. The games will be played1
between 4:30 and 5:30 o'clock. ,
KDR should run rampant Tucs-,
day over the weak Robin Hall out-g
fit, while a green College Houscl
team will attempt to hold off the;
strong Albanian aggregation.
Throughout the season games willl
be played Monday through Thurs-
day each week. ,
KDR Powerful 1
Reviewing the squad. KDR is;
found to have a powerhouse teaml
They lost only Porclno and Quat-l
trochi from last year's champion-
ship outfit, and will have capable
replacements in big "Red" Stevens]

 

a bulwark on any hhev and Home ,Herbcrt Brock. Van Ellis and George
Anderson. Last year's holdovcrs in- Kunz_

clude “Toad” Fairbanks, an excel-

lent passer and all-around man- dent are: Mildred Mattlce. Shirley

Steve Bull and Bill Brophy. power-
ful blockers, and Herb Oksala and
Roy McCreary. good men in every
department. The team has excellent
replacements in Johnny Havko and

Paul Merritt. Frankly there doesn’t. Esther Tem,

seem to be much chance for any
other team against this outfit, with
the possible exception of the Alban-
fans.

The same Albanians that tied two
games and won all the rest are in-
tact agaln. “Wimp” Barrett, Vince
Gilleh. Walt Simmons, and Gordon
Peattie flll five out of the six spots
perfectly. The last position will be
probably filled by Cnsler, Ray, or
Paris. This aggregation should sweep
all of its games with the exception
of the KDR tilt and has a good
chance to take that, one also.

Potter's Squad Large

Potter Clllb will probably be bulltl
around Will Framcnt with Fl‘ﬂllk‘by Alice Brown,
Larry Bnlos, council.
Bill Dle-‘fcaturc the Albany Symphony or-
cl Leo Grlffen. all good 111011.,chesn-n in assembly Friday, Novcm-l
On December 5, the world-1 
under the;

Kluge. Bill Holler.
Bob Hilton. Dan Bucci,
son, an

for the other spots. Here is quality llm- 10,
in large quantities, and if this team p-mowned Don Cossacks_ ‘
can work well as a unit. it can be direction of Serge Jal‘ol‘l‘. wlll make;
another appearance at State college. 
The annual wllltcr concert will be1

the real “dark horse" of the league

College House, tied with KDR llll- ,

tll the last game of the 1938 season
lost heavily by graduation.
League halfback
gone as is

All- luury 12.
Bill Torrens lH concert. will conclude the actlvltlcsl
“thczc” Lehman and of Music coullcll for '39-'40.
John Edge, However. Tom Angus-f

Freshmen Nominate
Officers at Meeting

Voting Will Be Wednesday;
Eight Sock Presidency

The freshman class conducted its
first meeting of the year, September
27 at which time nominations were
made for class officers. Elections
will be held Wednesday.

The nominations for president
are: Bryant Taylor, Tom Feeney,
William Phipps, Weiner Mliller,

Those nominated for vice-presi-
Seigel. Emily Blasiar, Regina Roth,
Jean Tracy, Betty Borden, Shirley
Eastman, Helen Leahey, Mary Mc-
Can, Howard Lynch, Betty Balley,
Jane Churchill, Harry Kolker, and

State’s Runners

Freshmen Cooke and Denike

Round Into Shape
For First Meet

Show Promise in First
Season Workout

With but two weeks remaining be-
fore their first meet, State's barriers
have settled down to serious run-
ning on the Washington Park course.
Delhi’s Aggles provide the competi-
tion for the Purple and Gold when
they meet here in Albany on Octo-
ber 21. Last season the Delhi aggre-
gation nosed out the teachers in a.
close meet at Delhi. The outlook is
bright for State to avenge that de-
feat ln the coming season.
New Harriers

As yet, no definite time trials have
been conducted which will furnish
conclusive evidence of the ability of
the team. However, several of the
candidates traveled over the full
course last week. This race showed
that Cooke is ready to step into the
shoes vacated by Walt Russ, who
graduated last year. Cooke, who cap-
tained the CBA aggregation of last.
year. was up in front of the pack
alongside of Manager Louis Fran-
ccllo. Gene Agnello also proved
ready for competition and he may
be expected to take over the other

Yale, Harvard, Cornell Top

 

 

All hall to the State college mas-
terminds, Without the aid of a foot-
ball team, they seem destined to
reach topflight competition. Our ex-
ponents of the queen’s gambit, the
chess masters of State, have just re-
leased their schedule,
yourself.
We start with a breather, R.P.I.,
some time this month—the date at
present undecided. After this tune-
up, we rush headlong into a “sui-
cide” schedule. Pending matches in-
clude contests with three-elghths of
the Ivy league: Yale, Harvard and
Cornell. Renewals of last year's tilts
call for matches with Army and Col-
gate, while Rutgers may also be met.
Last year, Colgate was defeated
handily. and West Point was held to
a narrow one point victory. Three
close matches were played with the
Schenectady Chess club, two going
to the opposition and the other
match being won by the home forces.
These contests afforded ample ex-
perience for a first-year outfit, and
now the boys are primed to go.
The team is in excellent condition.
Their wits are sharpened to a knife‘s
edge by three weeks of classes. It’s
an all-veteran squad that awaits
the call to the wars on the boards,
and barring nervous breakdowns, the
team should go places.
We should mention that at the
number one board is Arthur Fox,

 

varsity post left vacant by Tony
Wilcynskl, who also graduated last
June. The performance of these two
brightened up the cross-country pic-
ture considerably.

Denike. another freshman candl-
date. also showed up very well in
this informal race. This is his first

 

The candidates for secretary are
las follows: Ellen Swartout. Shirley
,Mosher, Nancy Walko. Irene Anni-
}ba, Jack Bradt, Ruth Dee, John
Klrcher. Shirley Ott, Elizabeth Pea-
body, and Esther Bartley.

l Those running for treasure" are"lot the hill and dalcrs will be formed

lArthur Flax, Alma Jewell, Frank
lHanscn, Robert Walters. Rolf Toep-
|fer, Grant Hermans, Leo Flax, and
Harry Bora.

l w

i Music Council Program

Mllslc council has planned an ex-
ltcnslvc program for this year. ac—
cording to an announcement made
‘40. president of the,

The first program wll

. given by the Choral society on Jan
The Operetta and sprln

attempt at cross-country inasmuch
as he participated mainly in soccer

throughout high school. Incidental-
ly, Denike is a native of Saugertlcs,
the home of Walt Russ and Mana- the ladder and take his place.

ger Francello.

‘42, who topped the competitive lad-
der all last year.

All freshmen with intellectual in-
clinations or with excess “gray mat-
ter" are invited to contend for posi-
tions on the team. The present chess
ladder is subject to change at any
time if anyone can challenge and
defeat a man on the team.

That is, new men who show abil-

Tentative Chess Schedule

Women Will Conduct
Indian Ladder llillc

Well, girls, everything's all set.

 

and-brace Everything's all planned. We're Just
waiting for ten o’clock tomorrow

morning and the signal to go! Where
are we going? Why, to the famed
Annual Indian Ladder Outing of
WAA, of course. Everyone in charge
has been busy all week getting the
plans formulated.

First of all, who can go? Any girl
in the college. Two busses will be
in the rear of Draper hall at ten
o'clock ready to transport all hiking
enthusiasts to the scene of adven-
ture. the Indian Ladder.

After arriving, all interested can
participate in the three hikes which
have been planned. One is through
Fat. Man's Misery, another is Down
the Ladder, and since you’ll want
to come up. there's a third hike
planned, up the Ladder.

Dodge ball and baseball have al-
so been lncluded in the program,
and one of the most important
things is food, of which there‘ll be
plenty. Singing will be one of the
main features also, so be sure and
have your vocal cords welt limbered

u .

I)The girls who have been in charge
of planning this day of fun are Fay
Scheer, ’40, Chairman; Mary Miller,
'41, assistant; entertainment, Zoo-
dle Foley, '41, chairman, Lois Glen-
ar, Marion Keables, juniors, Fran
Shapley, ’42; food, Winnie Baer, 42.
chairman, Betty Elson, ’41, Ken
Carey, ’42, Lucy King. ’40; faculty,
Iris Barnett, ’41; busses Hattie De-
Forest, ’42; advertising. Anne Nor-
ber, ’41, chairman, Doris Dygert, Ada

 

 

Time Trials

l these trials.

Manager Francello

 

 

‘sklll are also being arranged.

lover a shortened course of 2.6 mile
lin comparison with the regula
lcourse of 3.8 miles.

A definite opinion of the prowess1 Genera,
latter the first time trials which will
the run off next Tuesday afternoon.
Coach Hatfield will be present at

is trying to
schedule a meet with Colgate, but as

reached. Meets with Bard and Coble-

The race with Delhi will be run

Electric
Carryabout
Radio

 

yet no definite plans have been

S
1' ' All-wave. No aerial, no around.
no plug-In. Play: outdoors, ln-
doors, anywhere. A Portable
Buttery Sal. Every student can

 

MADISON’S

é} “Better Specialty Shop”
231 CENTRAL AVE.
Bctwccu Robin & Lake

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY

“IO one.

You shall have music wherever
you nol Dance anywhere. Fino
on long evenings, alone 0! ml.
lakellskating,lllking,lravollngl

cll ll but for clamoom work because. . ..

 

 

ity may challenge the last man on

FREE!
lWéa'llma‘a/t

STATE

 

l
'  to the student who but completes this union”
‘  In 20 words or loss: "Slioalfol‘l Flnolluo pen;-

Parshall, juniors, Jane Williams, ’42;
and clean-up, Dottie Berkowitz.

  

   

    

 
  
   

“nu-u-u-u-uu

 
 
 
 

tlnc, Walt Harper. and Max Sykes E, ""‘~—'—”' “""—#—— " ‘1
form it cnpublc line and Les Gl'llvcsi , , on “mum ram '0 Mp you w". m. Mm“
and Barney ’l‘uttlc will fill two spotsl o g l SPORTSWEAR ‘,  “m, o, "my, on _ I “cum llilln'ollno'l double ~
in the bllCldlUld- "sunny" Q‘llml-' l length, lhln, “long lead: are permanently sharp ., . because
us‘llm " Clll lltl llll(l Pllll Kalil | . ' ll: balance and fllmlv-hold point enlabllu me lo mike Uranus.
re . is. - i ul1ury.”". . . accuse I
hotelier, mechanical drawings, a n H
man should alternate at the sixth : d mrm wwom__mamu" Inch“ 
ﬁlm" “Shorty” 80mm" n” 618” or ' '    tozgdroalb‘ahrd'llno makes imull notations and Intolllnlno I
hlm‘ lllllrht lllrll lllto ll l'l‘lll lhrt-ut» ll ('lll‘llll' l/ll' MIN/""15 "l . can... .._ _ ' bocfumdlhs suimo-WBlGlllbl‘°l"'”°,z'hzz';°§l,b‘i'
‘ ’ I I l i h than an auvng""... ccauso /o
as a pass .‘a'llllll'lll'l‘. ll“. (tn/h, ,, I” 1“,de . l flaglﬂglmumo pomp...”I“camp...”",,,,,a“mp,o,,,.
/ l .. .4
KB. SLS, Avalon Spent-or > ' Skirts , m", In mm” mm“ 1,, 24 you”, Go to in MN, an
Kappa Bola has only llunk , S . HAVE FUNI
. l . l v. =l: =l: weatels ‘
Bl'llllllcr, Georgi» l‘curholl, Al btllll'l, l I You LIKE!
and Arlllc lilllcl'ln m, ll nucleus lor‘ Jackets . MAKE 50 ENTRIES IFl l I. .
W V", N V‘ v ' ‘. h i ; |,a llosaoHIpyouoe
“12‘3"3:32.“,35?,J.‘.tl.".‘.i?f.’::............. \\ « In“  “ I” W ” Blouses S::'.°".:.".'°‘..r.: rats: as... .. ow.  L
i n‘ l V v ‘ | ‘l i I ‘ ' I ‘ , ll, l.). llto your
ably when ‘zltl lllm'rd out and must (llll\\'llll'lll .lllll sillslllll to Hand Bags galalélzhlin?,prig‘ltsgegagzpia::llgna:Candmuml“
c on wllollv on Al l’lll'l'cl'. llul> , . , ' ' , l . _ _ b 'Radlo Con'os'lw.A'ShW“WP°n "m 5
ll"l"""('l""‘ “l”  “1‘”   I“ him“ i  M “We” l'r,'r..‘.°a:.l,f:.,.....succulents: ills..— alill s
i “ H  I" town it . g.
1),, NW1. Amp,“ 51ml,“- h mm... pulp ll .ll illldl l\ l s l lls std . each has a 3 unce' O'DWVNIqmlnmm'Rememb” . 5
whnl ol ll qucslloll mark. 'l'llt‘)’ llll\'t' W” E J—urigzlhfsllgm:;p:é .wm‘ “udanuon you, own cum /5 g
I ‘: l ' ,‘\ v 1 .lllll P ll'llllX . , y H , , | . l lllmcolve 85,5 :3“
HUI (Vlllllllmlllluilt:Uplllmnmm- lm-‘H up . . , . _ Wll \l'clcolllc you bulk to (.011ch pﬁslgglgovx’agsmbmmom P. and s
\lVl‘ltll Ulllt'l' ll'i'l‘lllll'lll lll‘lll-l‘lul (‘1th \\ I \\ H l I” ('H“ I“ and lll\'lll‘ you to C(llllt‘ lll to deulullndlcalodousclletlllp.  51° '3:
Sl’r‘m'll' “mi N ““l'm'l' “ll‘ml‘l “l’l'l‘k Si l“ l \ "l ’- look over our llllt'h‘l. selections. ~ H Know Slioaller's 
lllls ll-lllll Footllcrtoncllonon :_ I
I I -.. bylipp i‘ilVBO-iol’l‘g 5-.
m.  A  rROM $l__PENs |‘l0l| Til 'IIIBI  t
’ ‘l' racu'lsgbs—rusrmatrs mth $3.05 3.
Eat at Juhns Lun“ l - ~ Dilll 5—1913 SKRlP-WEil §l
Ilillncl-s 3550 and W) l (-l'“. “v -ll'0||l'.\'- ll'llll f  '
Delicious Sandwiches and   g )

Sundllcs
7:30 A. l“. -- llillll l'. M.
()lul, the. High School

 

 

C. P. LOWRY

.ll'lc'l'll'l'
o
\VA'I‘U" REPAIRING

o
171 Ulellil'al Ava, Albany

 

w”...

M_w_——;:«——~--—- l

l

[fill—200 (‘I'IN'I‘IiAL AVENUE

 

 

’ Boulevard Cafeteria

and Grill

ALBANY, N. 1’.

 
 
 

PARA-LASl‘IK. .\

,. the NEW wor -'

. ionnsionloes A
natural thln- ~
nest sheets; ‘

160 up

t if E M O P U ll!

Slian successor in
Ink. 150. Economy
sin. 26o

 

"in. U. B. 1'u.'0ll

 

 
    
  

  

 

 

 

 

 

a
-
=
-.
.
.
2

/

ow ihln mawﬁwl

or i
I . "I
"slut. Magma???“ u

~<—- SPIRAL'GRIV

lit-
md

PS.
nd
in
lde
ell

   
    
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
   
   
  

   
  
      
   

l

   
  
   

