Pas”   _.
ﬁATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
Newa Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O’Hora, 3-2843; Strong,
2-9707; Hertwfg, 3-2889; Bilzl, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

REPRESENTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITiIING IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publirbcn Representative

420’MADIEON AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
Cmcsoo ‘ IOI‘I‘OII ' Lol Alelul - SAN FIAIICIICO

THE NEWS BOARD

JEAN ‘S'rnono  ............ .. Editor-in-Chief
EDGAR B. O'HORA Go-Editor-in-Ohief
ROBERT E. Hairrwro  Managing Editor
O'rro J. Howa  Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. KOWALsm  Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. Yormc  .. Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. BiLZl     Business Manager
JOAN M. BYRON .     Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CAS'l‘iGLlNE ..  Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF
Charles Franklin   Men’s Sports Editor
Betty Clark ..... .. Women’s Sports Editor
William Ryan ..  Assistant Sports Editor
Joseph Bosley .   Assistant Sports Editor

Assistants to Business Board

 

  
   
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

  

 

Assistant Business Manager ................ .. Harriet Sprague
Assistant Advertising Manager .......... .. Kenneth Haser
Assistant Circulation Manager .............. .. Mary Gabriel

 

Practice Rather Than Theory

You have heard our sentiments regarding the
point system. Briefly we think it was well-intended

but unwieldy, and that, although sound in theory, ,

its administration is necessarily ineffectual. it is
the white elephant of the Student association, and
we hope that this editorial will be more than just
“a voice crying in the wilderness,” and that the
situation will not only come to a head, but will
be settled once and for all in the assembly today.

No one questions the need for and the demo-
cratic purpose of a point system. The fact that
one person can do only what comes within the range
of human limitations proves the need for the system
and the idea of spreading ofﬁces and activities among
as many students as possible is admirable.

We need a point system, but we need a simpli-
ﬁed, efﬁcient, and workable adaptation, of the pres—
ent system. What information has been gathered,
and what experience has been gained should be used
to help us in securing a really good system.

Let us build on whatever good we can find in
the old system, and remember that the problem
before us is not one of theory but one of ﬁnding a
practical way to enforce the system so as to achieve
the goal which the founders of the system set up.

What is the NTS. F. A..s

This week we had an olcction. Of course, it
was important because we were trying out a new
system of voting, Our present concern is that the
novelty of the method of election took away from
the importance of the election itself. Did you
know the duties of fhc offices to which you wcro
electing members of our student body? Wc‘ feel that
it was a stroke of blind luck that such cfﬁciont
candidates were nominated because so much of tho
affair was carried on without a proper degree of
knowlodgo regarding cithor rho National Studonl
Federation, fist-If or the convcniion to which we are
sending four delegates.

liriofly, lho N.S.l“.;\. is a union of roprcsonfu-
lives from collogos all over the L'nifod Slulcs, who
inch (Hill discuss not only flu: probloms fhuf arc
of local intcrcst, but those probloms which affect
youth all ovcr fho world, and which, as chi/mus.
concern us vitally. More than that, the organiza—
tion is it mootng place for the leaders of student

questions, and a moltng pot for idous.

This your, fill: colleges of the capital district
are especially fortunate in that the convention is
being conducted at Union college. This is your
your to attend the meetings, and come in contact
with the widest cross section of student opinion
in the country.

i
l

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL

 

Democracy and Americanism

 

 

Commentstater

It seems to us that,the students of State prate
a lot about democracy and then forget its meaning.
This week, after much argumentation, a new and
more democratic system of elections went into oper—
ation. To the polls State voters came—in very small
numbers. At a time when democracy is being so
sorely tested, the future teachers seem to drift away
from it. If we do not live up to our tasks today,
will We meet them later?

Today there are revotes for the N.S.F.A. elections
in the Commons. Well, be there.

1 fr II a

One night during Easter recess a friend of mine
and I were eating sundaes in Murray’s when Bing
Crosby's recording of "God Bless America" started
to play on the coin Vic. “You know," Leon said,
“America is a great place when you really stop
to think about it. If I were in Germany or Italy
today, you and I wouldn't even be able to be friends.
And yet. Ed. you and all the rest of my liberal
friends are forever criticizing our set-up. I should
think you'd be happy to be free."

"Yes, Leon, I am happy to be free. And I wouldn‘t
be aliVe today in a Fascist or Soviet government;
but don't you see our nation isn't completely free
from prejudice, race hatred, slums, unemployment

and all the other evils of the modern world? My .

liberal friends and myself don't want an America
on her knees and bound by all these fetters. It
doesn't matter whether the rest of the world is
ﬂat on its face with a dictator, or the like, with
his foot on its neck. We want the United States
standing tall and fair to be a shining example
of good democracy to the entire world.”

I and all liberals may sound a bit confused in
our ideals, but nevertheless We want America not
Communistic, Fascist. or any other type. We’d like

to see a fine democracy here. A nation with no slums, I

no sharecroppers. no racial propaganda and no un-
employment, sounds like Utopia, but when America
reaches that state. we liberals will have new ideals
to work with.

How Was Your Vacation .3

“Fine, thanks, I slept all week." That is by
far the most common answer to any queries re-
garding the Easter recess, and to us it seems all
too contrary to \\'ebstcr’s deﬁnition of the word,
and to its collegiate interpretation. A vacation,
literally interpreter], means freedom from respon-
sibility and routine, but with the proper connota-
tion it means a period of relaxation and the more
pleasurable social activities. How inconsistent
then are the theory and the practice!

When those of us who have not already been
excused by the hygiene office for various reasons
return home for flastor vacation, we soon learn

 

that our friends have already returned to college a

after their spring vacations and the home town
has hit u new low in social lilo. \l'hon our families
take a look at us, they decide wc nood a good rosf.
and they are right. For be it from us to coin-
plain of too much sloop. llowcvcr. wc rosont tho
incl that our leisure time must be spent in en-
forcod rosf bccauso we are so completely worn
out by the long junuury to April stretch.

We watch over our vacation days as a cat
watchos u mouso. Each one is set aside for mcct~
big old fricnds; rouding foo long ncgloclod books;
for movies and dancing, and tho countloss odd jobs

and cngugcmouls that our procrastinating natures ‘

have put off "until vocation.”
You, wc buvo put things off, with tho result

, lllfll fhoy are uovor uccomplishod. How much bol—

lor if would bo if our traditional l‘luslor vocation
woro roplncod by in spring \‘fll'llllflll om'lior in tho

, your, whon wo hud filo stamina and lllo compunion-

. . . i
thought to act as a lil‘CSSlll‘if group lll nuiion-wrdo -

ship to nurko if profifublo and onjoyublo. 'l'o ho

suro, l'Zush-r comos curly ucxl war. but wo zu‘of

thinking of Will. 1942, and Ibo yours that follow.

We do not complain that our scholastic or
oxtru-cluss load is. foo houvy; we don’t want Stuff-
to bccomo fhc cinomulic '(‘ollogo (‘ounfrv club, but
we do protest against :1 calendar that forcibly cn-
croachcs upon our dcurly won and hold 'uciulon.
Criosur channg his calendar. (ircgory changed it
again. Certainly we lack ncitbcr the precedent nor
the reason for changing ours.

21» 1939

S.C.A. to Entertain
ChurMegates

lState Students to Describe
g Association Activities
I to Dinner Guests

The State college Student Chris-
tian association will give a dinner
Tuesday night at 6:00 o’clock in
the cafeteria of Husted hall for
representatives of twelve Albany
churches. who support this organ-
ization, and the faculty of the col-
lege. The purpose of this dinner is
to interpret the S.C.A. program to
those who are not acquainted with
its work.

Miss Helen Hall Moreland, dean
of students, will welcome the guests
and will introduce Marion Rockefel—
for. '39, president of the associa-
tion.

The guest speaker is to be “Dick”
Edwards, a direct descendant of
lJonothan Edwards. the former di-
‘rector of the religious program at
,Cornell university. Edwards. who has
,‘traveled widely, is very well known
and very popular. His subject. not
‘deﬁnitely announced as yet. will be
college students and religion. He
fwill be introduced by Dr. A. R.
IBrubacher. president of the college.

Several college students will give
short talks describing various phases
of the State program. Among the
students who will speak are Caro-
,lyn Mattice, Gordon Tabner,
seniors. marriage commission; Janet
qurney, '39. worship; and Marion
lKingsley, ’40, community relations.
‘Paul Merritt, '42, will talk about
“Freshman commission; Richard
,Lonsdaie. '39, will discuss the re—
.ligion round tables. and Robert
.Martin, ’40, will represent the strong
lState Student Christian Movement.
The hostess committee consists of
ers. Martha Egelston. instructor in
fhistory; Dr. Caroline Lester. instruc-

 

dor of mathematics; Miss Helen Cur- ‘

Itis, traveling secretary of S.C.A.;
{Miss Mary Morton. social director of
lthe Alumni Residence halls; Miss
Rockefeller; Martin; the faculty; and
students who are representing State
jat the dinner. Alice Packer, ’42,
:wlll head the committee on wait-
liresses.

,- A string quartet. composed of
,George Stangler and Frederic Weed.
|juniors. and Ruth Muldover anti
:Bernai'd Perlman, freshman. will
1play during the dinner.

 

State
of
Affairs

().lu'.W.

We never thought that, of all
people, we’d find ourselves in agree-
ment with the Nazis on any issue.
,But we learned last week that even
Illiol can happen. The German
lprcss cited something to the effect
,that there was no ncod to alarm
;tfic American pcoplo or oxcitc them
lto war hysteria. Wo'rc heartily in
lllCCOl'Cl. We say: Let the Lion bo
lour guide. and if we're going to
lhaVo a war. have it over here. for
lprof'lt. And to hook with foreign
for (lolllcstlci diplomats who whine
of the inevitability of America‘s
golfing into a war flint hasn't even
started yet!
i u: 4‘ n-

Stufo is again uniquo.I What with
tho goldfish—gulping, ool-cngorglng,
fund disc-devouring doi'bfos [but have
been milking the rounds of col—
flogiutc circlos, investigation pl'ovus
‘lllill tcuclicr-lo—bo divorsions have
undoi'gonc lllflo cliungo. Most hu~
pormnf f'ucl brought to fight:

.lnofo. has boon supplanted by
‘ln'lilgt‘ as tho Commons. indoor sport.

«4 i~ r l

Now books of tho Wr‘t‘lil ’I'Iu'

 

,niuchly undorrulod John Slcinbook,
ifs oll' tho pl‘t‘nht‘s and bids fair to
,boooulc ono of our inodorn classics.
fl-f. G. Wolfs tukos you info the ln-
llimnlc sido of a (hcfulor's lilo in
’I‘hc Iloly ’I‘rrror, but don't ask us
much more about it.
44 It '4 4‘

Aside to undergraduates1 Keep
your eyes on this logislutivo givc~
find-fake on state aid to schools.
it's liable to mean more to you
than you think. I

(l/uprs of Wrath, lutcst opus of tho

Nineteen Seniors
Become Members
Of SWLaudis

Brubacher to lnduct Students
at University Club Dinner;
Douglas Will Talk

Nineteen seniors, constituting the
remaining six per cent of the “high—
est ten per cent of the senior class"
will be received in membership into
Signum Laudis. national scholastic
fraternity, at 6:30 o'clock tomorrow
night at the University club. Dr.
A. R. Brubacher. president of the
college. will induct these students.

After this ceremony. Ruth Butler,
president of the fraternity, will de-
liver a speech of welcome which will
be followed by an acceptance speech
of J. Edmore Melanson in behalf
of the newly inducted members.

The evening’s program features
an address on “Why the Antipodes"
by Dr. Gertrude Douglas, assistant
professor of biology. She will base
her talk upon her recent visit
“‘down under." There will also be
a brief talk on “ComparatiVe Sta-
tistics" by Dr. Harold G. Thompson.
professor of English.

Richard Lonsdaie will act as
toastmaster and will be assisted by
the following: Betty Arthur, Jane
Crawford, Charlotte Fox, Eileen
Hansett, Betty Hayford, Dorothy
McLean, and Jane Schultz. Stu-
dents to be inducted include:
lRuth Cass. Frances Fallon, Kath-
ferino Happcl. Peter Hart, Franklin
‘Keln'fg, Olive King, Beatrice Kob-
1lenz, Fannie Kurlansik, Joseph
,Lecsc, J. Edmore Melanson. Ruth
.Pekarsky, Adonna Rector. Charles
fRu‘ndlc. Ruth Sinovoy, Jean Strong.
:Ray Walters, Sylvia Weiss. and An-
thony Wilczynski.

 

 

lPoinf Committee

; To Plans

l
IUonrinmrd from page I, not. .t
Suggested Plan

Offices would be separated into
divisions according to the amount of
,work involved and the position‘s na-
,ture and prestige. The latter would
,be determined by a court of three
,‘commlttee members who would hold
ghearings early in the fall. Each
office would be given some nature-
prcsfige rating on a basis of 0—10.

Hours for all positions would also
be compiled and a distribution
1chart prepared. This would be di-
‘vidcd into ten units and each office
would secure a rating made at tho
,discrction of the committee.

The final points rating would bo

the result obtained by dividing tho
sum of the hours and nature-pros—
.tlgo rating by two. Ton points
iwould be the maximum number of
points thnf any one person could
have.
, Tho coport closes with the cautions
,meL the success of any such system
;lS ubsolutoly dependent upon tho
coopol‘ution of the student assoc-lu—
[non and tho roulization that u now
,sysfoni must be introduced grnduully
lillld on n Iontntivo busis.

0
,Commercrai Students
‘ Honor or at inner
, Y k D
f Proi'ossor (lool'gc M. York was
lhonorod lust ovonfng by tho (tom-
,nioroo ofub ul. a testimonial dinnor

oonducfod at tho Charleen rosluu~
front. [lo was prosonlcd u donk
liounfuin pon sot by Willinm l)
tyuu. ’39. prosidoul of tho club.
ltyun mudo the sword “in up-
proclulfon for off ho bus dono for
:lllo commoroo dopurfmoul in tho
punt, for all rho \':1llml)lo fmn- of
which ho hos givou willingly nmf
li't‘t‘l)’, for tho consldoruffon and
ll'lolllelllp which ho hos oxloudod
do ouch and curry ouo of ll.‘.. and
for tho mnny ouioynbfo minnow; ln-
hus spoul with us."
i ii‘ollowing this prom-ninlion Iho
:nunuul award to “tho ouf.-~.l:mdiuu
jmonibor of tho (:ommcroo club" With
,llllltlt.‘ to J. Isldmoro Melons-on, '39.
ltyun with" tho recipient of (his uwurd
llust your.
, l‘ho program concludod with on—
flortuinmenf, directed by Earl Mur—
jotto, ’42. which included individqu
acts and group singing.

l

 

 

STATE C()l..l.E(,iE NEWS, APRIL 21, I939

Page 3

 

 

 

 

 

 

Tentative Net Schedule
Lists Opener April 28

May Play Eleven Matcher.
Open Heavy Schedule l
Against R.P.l. i

Faculty Five Flatten i
Seniors in Spare Spree A

The faculty bowling team rolled
and bowled over a team of sen-
iors at the Palace Recreation al-
leys on April 1, and emerged with
a 2-1 victory. The faculty won
the ﬁrst two games easily and
i eased up in the third. allowing

 

 

According to a schedule passed Brass  the seniors to triumph in order ,‘
Tuesday by M.A.A. council and; f to make the victory not too do-
submitted to Dean Nelson for final; cisive. f

f
I The faculty soup bones were in
' rare form as they sent the balls
l down the glistening alley to reg-
, ister strike after spare. Especially
adept was C. Currien Smith. who
Siona New Opponent  (LV‘F ————. :edlhisditeglm 1to victorfymxmi 3
.. f ' i iigi in vi no game 0 , an
A perusal of the current schedule The inmres, which you fellows, a high triple or 557. Charlie Deyo'
l

Knuckles

approval, the State tennis squad's,
1939 season will be inaugurated on
April 28 at Troy, where the Purple
and Gold netmen will clash with
R.P.I.

 

 

 

appearing in (“7” below revilals manylmvc given to our little minor crisis drafted from the treasurer's of-
new adversaries and three ilClCll-f ﬂee W18 cloge behind wnh a
“0‘1",” matches as chpMed to last ‘Hitler and Mussolini sulk in a corner. triple of 535. Other faculty
years bookings. Prominent among, bowlers were D0801, mcks and

. Or if they were drinking men. we

. . _v | .
figceogagnggttfbmﬁ£10 giggliqygf [have no doubt that each one would Power. The seniors were repre-
‘ ‘ ' ‘ ' ‘ ' 1 find some forlorn spot in the world., sentetl by Coppolino. Holmes, Van

lege. scheduled for two meetings; , ., , I . . -
with State. These will constitute “mm had no (mouse to speak or" Ewen" Lawmn and Pepm‘

at State might well make a slighted

 

 

 

 

. . . . finto '1 stumr of for Ictl‘ulncss of the1 -- ' 110's,
“val vicinity.msmuliom' iwunthn OllJllVlUll intéo which he hadl tomonow M me Palace n y
Another innovation ovor

net fans to “lime” l'm‘.""“m m “C' somonoss France would be only too‘

“011' Among the elgm “H” “St”! to" glad to welcome them both into its.

contest.  . , ,. . . ._ 1 Plans for the men's intramural1
\acation. the shamed feeling Wilth fwons program were released Tuesj

team emphasize the fact that thefE,,S,,,,. and us (ms of peace mus, softball. tennis. horseshoes. coll.

schedule is still tentative. pending have had “,0”, 0,." ,1 leveling wee, pool. tumbling. volleyball. and. as a

schedule of the Will “o'o'on willtlig‘mncn' i . R l
‘ . "  'n be other hand. if be two i
the increased opportunities for State 0 L t L  e 
last year. only two were to be plnyod Foreign Legion.
on the home courts. a number which Because of me lapse in school,
f
The new schedule gives State the mum“, ,, )0“ .7 
. . ., * u . the announcement of. , , ,. -. _f
host pos1tion on live out of clcvonlmn Facunly Advisory Commitme.5 day by Jimmy Qllilm. Council £11100
- u ‘ ‘ - mll"l r ck meet.
“no” by Den“ NUSm“ ,herenbouts than on the Black mlﬁllcg :2R,;:1L,lilleq:jrl‘,g twat“ be run,
Six Votorans Back ,Shirfs of fair Italy. ‘ I
l
l

 

the ﬁrst athletic clashes between the and gorge himself—O“ the housc_‘ A l‘eml'n mate" is SCIlCdUlCd {01'
could ﬁnd no outlet for their lone—,
Spring Program
wer’ weather dwmdmd m ‘1 Sim”? lif'c. causod by the intervention of. m
matCheS' HOWCVCY' OmCi‘US 0f the‘ff'orcign policy has receded somewhat. ml" Sports tentative” usmd we“?!
on the same basis as the present.

. ,, . . - ..,.. i .' r..'nx .

Among tht veterans of last-mason tounul thMn (.ulcd basketball league, Wm, teams ,.0p_
who are returning for St‘l‘VlCC i110 Upon the beginning of school , , . . .A , ~. . - ,.
. , . . . . . resenting the various lililCllllLlLSy
Captain-manager Ken Doran, Will again this week, it was (lcculed that ,md group Imus“ N,,,,.0,,~ﬂuom are,
F‘ramcnt. Gordon Rand. Stan Smith. as close in the future as possible ‘ ,  _ ‘,,  1
Ed '1 Tom'isi'm and Cv Kilb 'fl -if 'l' l which confronted us lmdm “my to hecuw pumlmon LO‘
Wa” “ ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘1 I" 5 u“ 1”] play all the games on the campus in

on the 1938 squad. Karl Senseutablc in as amicable a way as pos- , . . .. , f
'39, is trying out for a varsity'sibfo. Monday. a self appointed be.mﬂdC ab boon ab DOS‘SWL L0;
. , . ,, . _ . ,H V . . ._ Quinn. and the schedule Will be
post this your. (()|llllllllLt' of tlntc seniors vls1tcd (med ,1“, soon ,H entries ,1“, com_
Freshmen who have voiced their Doctor Brubnchcr, president of the 11‘s,, " ' " ‘ ‘ ,
intentions of joining the ranks in-‘collcgc, to ask that a meeting be perncéidenmlly um mskem“ lemme
clude Henry Brauncr. John Vava- arranged between MAA and FAC wound Up‘laﬂ'nm’m‘a'nd H‘w wiimm,
sour. Virgil Scott. lrving Bliss, and in ordor that the seven points which M” be ﬂnn'mnwm m up...“ \V,,,,kls
Paul siren-it‘pr I t R“ r H uore utlvunccd by the PAC be fullygstl A“ mpsmw mumnura,
OHIO ()l‘i ii. ( go let
The nmnngoincnt hopes to socuro
the Ridgefield courts on Purfrfdgo PB“ '
street for" home contests. though DOW”. meuchur was mom “Hm note. in case you mo mi..st
this possrbilily'sfill ronunugm doubt, Mano,” HP professed only 1m ,m_
Dom.“ 1'01”th that ,lm.hrlll".l(1_ h‘lf‘of‘f'icial inforost in the two groups
not yet had tho opportunity for 1hr;and um, “(macs which might be

I ' ' I . ‘ i l ' 1 . v 71 ‘ 1 ' - '

5f,‘,”,‘,{’g 1?: all];inlaylgzhgmsf‘ fished at that time, as chosen by"
L‘ (' ‘ ‘ I L” ‘ ‘ ‘ " L participants in the sport. (Ed1
the wandering reporter, plcusc com—i
municate your choice of :1 first until
.-:econd team to tho Nun's.)

Barring tho fin-loinonf weather
which has thus for impeded prac-f
ticeu the team finds itself with a The mt) Hm “wormed that were
maxrmuni \vorkouf, [)t‘l‘lOd‘Of but a was no “mum”, of seekmg mesh
week below “0“” leu‘vs “mm'r‘donfinl born-diction on the arrange-
“ Tmy' mom of a meeting. nor would there

be made up to the discretion of the Near,

- . 211C i1 bl run under the
acuity and student committees. 1 1w} L

same general play as the
nament. The winner and other"
likely prospects will be invited to‘
try out for the varsity tennis team?
Varsity players are not allowed torI

The ﬁrst homo oncoumor will be ,, . ., . .- , r , , , _ . , . _ .
D‘ “"3 “Whom”: 01 WH‘” m" “Hm hike purl in this tournament. Thel‘ﬂnd Thlllbdﬂy M 3-30 0010”- m “‘0

hold on Wednesday. May 3, when‘m“ “mum (,,,,.,(,,,_
Middlobury w1ll bo mot as :1 rolurn: , , , , .
match In tho gnmo plnyod on Vcr—‘ “"r “i” l'””“"“5
monl grounds tho proviom. wook- liy flu-so goutlo words. We were under wuy on that day.
cnd. Inkon ofl' tho barbcd wire at tho 7 -

Tho fontoiivo.~ohodu1o Iol' illosou- ormk of war and loft on a clear w W'l C ‘
son is as follows: llf'lll for u lovol—houdod bit of ooun- .A.A.   ’
i'll tublowork in just fho splril \vo  

i

 

 

unulod coopornfion. Willi lhoso,
words. lll incl. \vo woro practically

ffhorol ,
rfhoroI ' , , I
,],,.,.,., ' oiling of rho rublo With all urmn»

April 28 lt.P.l.
“.19 Middlobmy
May 3 Middlobui'y
ﬁ Hiouu
it! llobul'f flhoror
13 [lord Ihoroi
ill Conn. 'l‘ouohors llllf'l‘f‘l
120 llrooklyu Poly Ihorof
24 (John. 'l'l‘iii'lll‘l'S 'lll‘l'l‘)
2f} tin-nu flhoroi
Juno 2 SLMiohnol's IIhoror

monls loll outsido -\vlilcli is pod

vho'o ho .liould ho wourdmo lo ‘ .
\ I l 5 \ u r‘ spring \vcokond of Camp Johnston.

rhol‘or

‘lho prosulonf of o coi‘lnin grout nu-
lion.

.-\ nicolmg wan. arranged by the
[no for lr‘sll’f'tlll)‘ nf'fornoou. fly
.lns lllllf'. lln- t‘|il.\fi(l(‘ is pi‘obuhly
.l purl of fusiory. wo hopo~ If not
.nlrf-ndy MI, 11 ,.houfd bocoluo such in
flour-fullu‘o lfff'f‘lllltlh.

N. Y.. will be flio scour! of ono of

by tho association. according to
Franc-cs Rinni, ’41. gouornl chulrmun.
All \vomon students fll'o iuvifod lo

 

 

bullofin bourd. If ouough porsons

 

. . . . o . ' om lVAA nus V co (l' . .
ln Encounter lonlght “1,1,2”. “(lihywhf'for Iduy, ul'ilthlriiu flil' ""“-" "5' ““fi,"“'{“’.""‘““- 1"“ “'1” “"y‘l
Willi in. hum-collomoh- l'ocord mnohf of boon; suunfod hulllo hm.-,ff;;,,_',',‘f,‘f:",“3‘,,i,’,,:,':,',,..ﬁsh/implth.
standing :ll ufl ovon .soo :norngo. drods of Inilos nwuy whon- lho‘ “Uh ‘wr‘mn " ‘ ' "
llio Hlnlo ('lll‘hh louni':. third oollogo ‘:‘li't)lll.'.l“xl llniu: llml could I'oucli flog“l H ‘ ‘
mulch \Hll lio pluyod ffl rho Louugo mt'llllliil'h would bo u vilupornlivo lol»'
of lilf'llflf'rlwil hull of ’f'Jfo o'clocl'. for. l‘Ulllt' nno your own.

.i  ..  .. .  ~  i\‘l.‘1ll) A I'Inoni' l"o‘ r- i .
fill-f HHIIIL. whom-l ll“ (“‘1‘ "If I' l‘ 3 " “I Will Do lnkos lod b.\ llioso who hood

State

Will Play Opener

Against Middlebizg Nine

 

Touché!

 

 

 

B. C.

The last reports on the Skidmore-
Russell Sage-State women’s play day
was that no date could be decided
upon which was suitable to all three

schools. Later it was agreed that

play day was to be May 6, barring
unforeseen accidents, acts of God.
etc. Now comes the new that the
whole thing is off - because the
Skidmoroninns will be involved in
a psychology field trip (yes. they
take THOSE courses, too!) during
the first week or so of May. Council
throw up its collective hands in
despair and decided that either it
was Fate. or that someone had
passed a law banning all play days

,for the spring of 1939.

As an alternative plan. and also
as a sequel to last year‘s popular
barn dance. the governing bodies
of both MAA and WAA are consider-

fing' a Joint outing for members of,
both organizations. MAA is so en-j

thusinstic that Stnn Kullman has al-
ready been appointed to act as a
co-chnirmun of the day.
plans include a trip to Indian lud-
(for.

Tentative

basket lunches, afternoon recre-
ations and an evening barn dance.
Although the plans have yet to be

Postpone Hamilton Contest;
Bad Weather Prevents
Outdoor Drills

Barring further interference from
the weather, the State college dia-
,mond squad will open its season
,fThursday against Middlebury at
ihome. The game originally sched-
uled for Bleecker stadium probably
will be played at Beverwyck park as
old Jupiter Pluvius has turned the
stadium into a quagmire.

Weather Shapes Future

Thus far. the weather has played
hob with practice plans, and if and
when the season does start, little
fin the way of polished play can be
expected at ﬁrst. The original
'opcner with Hamilton college, sched-
uled for tomorrow had to be post-
poned to some future date. and if
,the team is able to open Thursday,
it can have had no more than three
or four workouts. Up to Wednesday,
only one short workout has been
held. The battery men have done
some work indoors.

The team this year shapes up as
an unknown quantity. Gaping holes
left at first. third. and behind the
platter must be ﬁlled. If these spots
can be plugged up, a good well-
rounded ball-club should represent
State.

Starting Lineups Doubtful

First base, occupied by “Toad”
Fairbank last year. is a wide open
position. Because of the loss of
Larry Bolog. second baseman a year
ago, “Toad” will probably'have to
move over to this position, leaving
no one with any experience to take
over ﬁrst. Paul Merritt stands out

 

 

, , accelﬂed by WAA 001111011, there is a 'as the best freshman possibility for
Framan filled the No. l positionj.~;hould be settled about a council ,mm of Page ha“. Entries Should general feeling of approval through- ms position At Short, Walt Dumb,

out the association.

it * 1'!

Notes on the spring calendar —
:swimming will start next week, on ,last year, again presents a problem,

wicz will take up where he left off
dust year, and should have a good
iseason. Third base, a weak point

the Usual TLleSdﬂy £1110 TIIEXI'SCIHS’lJoliiiiiy Shearer and Bill Thomas
evenings at Bath No. 3. If it can‘shm-ed me duties 3 year ago and

bo arranged, swimming periods will
. I [be conducted in the afternoons. 2153351” 01' the fresh is also a promis-
[ll:('ll.\‘.\t‘(l ill llll? lll'CSCIlCC 0i DOLE basketball town will also be pub_’l-pqueSLCd by several 01 [he {ll-dent, mg candidate for third. The gl.adu_

“nquutiennes.”

seem to have the inside track. Ed

ution of Captain O'Brien last year

AI'ChCI'Y. busebnll and tennis are left the very important catching

b,.'[fanguishing in the gym and un-

‘spot vacant. Either Bill Brophy or

occupied GIBSSI‘OOIUS- Mllddy ﬁelds Gordon Peatfie will probably handle

and courts have necessitated the in-

the receivers duties.

lroduction of training classes into, The outﬁeld is one of the Strong

. ~ . - . . .r the regular schedules of the in-
warming-up that ho feels is Vitalf. , , , u ,.  Tho tennis tournament mil be , , ‘ ,I , _ H H “
.foimulaud. fraying any dccrslons to under me direction of Nmm Denimdual spoils. The tiamingclassen

lure combining actual practice in each
m“ to,,,._ ,sport with a good foundation of the
governing

rules and regulations

playing.

And have you heard about the

fpoints of the team. Last year's three
regulars. Captain Frank Quattrochi.
"‘Wimp" Barrett, and Merrill Hurd
are all back. The only question here
,is whether Quattrochl. who has
an injured knee, will be able to play.
His loss will be a serious blow to

new dancing class? Every Tuesday“,e mam-s chances.

all you Ted Shawn devotees.
A A m Al

The main event on next week‘s
ozllondur sooms to be the weekend at
,Cuinp Johnston. and we're looking
forward to sooing n bu.l aggregation
Nl‘Xl: “‘l'l‘kl‘lld. ADV“ 33- 39. “ml of you gals, Como out and give those
W-AVA- “’1” C(llldlli'i “5 “13% Boulllyrcst mattresses thoir spring
initiation! Como out and holp con—l
“W Willi“ .lU-‘il. (“USMC Chilihllm. sumo nll tho good things Frun prom-
isos to huvo on tho moon! And.
tho lurgosl \vcokond trips spousorod mm or my mum um and gut, buck
if) nulurouund tho troos and tho
brooks and tho boldiosl It's spring.
A full wookond of re-
rlli” “ll “PM WOW “'1 111v W-A-A- Inxnfion or romping fundoi'linc your
' n . . .  . .. . . ohoicm should now on unfidoto
Chessmen Tackle  11”" l" “m” 5m" ‘1“ u” “m, high up. lho r‘umpors will louvo Al- 1‘,”- the worm “Lies (,1- “In-1”“ WWI»,
mid-soul mounings, or just pluin
lirodncss. So got, ycr gong togolllol'
and plun on taking it in. May we
oven vonluro to suggosl. that you
A “'11 “’“l'kf'll‘l “l “I” “ll-‘4 bl't‘ll hr't‘ tho oporoffn on Thursdny ovo
dilutinml W Hill lJUUl llm-‘il’ Sl‘t‘klll‘n’ uisfond of Friday, and thus onjoy
“H “(‘HW‘ IH'UIU‘HHI of “bulls. “WW your full lln'oo days til ounlp? Wo
Wufch lilo W.A.A.

romoinbor‘.J

ulu'f klddin'.

I The squad seems well fortified in

Washington Park courts 011011 011,3)” “11 Ll“’5e,1me'°bw‘l W1” befthc pitching department. Dar Van
May 1. and the tournmnent will gctfb'WC“ the 9913mme to, 1mm “‘0 Keurnn. number one pitcher of last
Iolcmcnts of modern dancmg from a
professional. So here‘s your chance.

year, is back. as is "Wheeze" Leh-
.mnn who has also seen plenty of
action. From the fresh Jlm Gillen
and "Iv" Williams seem like the
standouts.

Middlcbury Unknown Quantity
, Little is known about Middlcbury,
but it is safe to say that a ragng
game should be expected. neither
.lonm having had sufficient practice.
, It is improbable that any fresh-
man will be in the starting lineup
us Conch Hatfield will not have
onough limo boloi'o the opener to
obsorvo yourlfng prospects closely.

 

To lnclude Golf

, 'l'ho inclusion of golf in this year's
ispriug program is :1 direct result
lol’ the oxprosslon of interest in such
‘u sport by sovorul mou of the col-
logo. it will not oomo undor in-
'1runuu'nl's financial ouflny, but if. is
oxpoclod [but reduced rutos will be
obfninod ill the municipal links
\vhoro lho ninfchos nro to be pluyod.

A burhynrd golf tournament will

.-... A - ' ~ '\ -r.~.1 ll rho MAA moinbor.- uooodo lo , . , . ,, . . .
bills-HIM! “("11 N‘ “ \‘M‘ “"1 ‘ [3 H I“ It‘ilfll‘lhlllll ('lf‘flll for Lollu lluukois. bullolin board for llilllf‘t‘ﬁ. and (foul also bo un-hulod in tho spring pro-

N.Y.lf., now on on upslulo (our .111) |Ifl.‘»|)lllllh. or if lhoy .soom
bus clinlkod up .l ionnu'lmhh- roru fh' bowing lo uh) insidious f‘oroos
oru flu:. vonc hmum moi nod \nn-- :l \vill bo your privilogo to who ouo
quirdiod li'lllllll}.’, (allow looms of tho .\'l:\A of'flcinl for ouch Infriluko nmdo.
‘lm‘h'm "rill’l’ilm TI”. NM“ Ym'li "mi km”: I'M” dim“ ntlll "ll obnirmuu l)oi'olll\‘ llorko~
mm”) m“ “I” “H” Hill‘mml m" “I “M ‘I “" “mum WM“ W” ulfzinnd I"ruucos Wood sophomoros
sumo Ann) fonlfl llffll dounwf Hlulr' icu Ilhio :o'o sonn- proffy husky Jun“, Kmnlz “I'M, Kml'u‘whw PM“:
on April 1 in .i closo :f' i!“ fifll~ llllfl on MAA l’orhupr. lho bollor w“ “whim”. ,l.illl“l)‘)l‘l|l,j()ll V“.-
Losl, .fiflig lo do would llt‘ [o Will'll flicnl Lin,“ Em)“ “1’” In“, “M, ,‘,lj.l]1(_(“$

ltoprosonimg Slnh- lulllplll \\lll l)f' of _\()lll' nlom. nbouf fho mnlfor ht“ {Hum 34, ' ' ‘ ‘ '
Art li'ox. .lolin llooso, Hh-vo thu Iorohnmf ’l‘hon. ll rhoy did not ' ’
lion Palm“, [any Hlilllflll‘l'r. and mum llnough. wo would gladly uc—
olllioi' Louis li'l'uucr-llo or fill] rolli-(onrionluhdsoiuoclicof‘-lourlol'h
Woyunl Lust l‘\i'llllli;.\ icgulnr umdo u lilflo whilo ago. and chocr—
lllt‘ollllf.‘, of lho (llior-s club was oh-~ loud it mob into n (loudly. cold hWt‘flL,
tlroly dovolod to n spot-inf prur'llf’o uilor which n fronzicd attack could
sosslon for tonight‘s mulch. bo mudo on tho whole council, whilo

Mnnugor John llooso unuouncosuc continued to boat out the war
that matches with liulgcrs and drums from lllo. side floor. in the
Colgate uro in the offing. ‘midsl 01' stoning Coco-Golan.

'l'ho upproxhuuh- cost of tho outil'o
trip will bo $1.21).

(Youunilloos for tho \vookond uro
.l.-. follows: publicity, l‘Ilfkuliofli léil—

 

Eat at John's Lunch
llinnors tho and Up
lh-lioious Sandwiches and
Slilldllcs ‘
7:30 A. M. —— Hull) l’. M.
0m). the High School

forgot. to sign up.

groin.

 

Good Food and

at

Kira

 

(10F F E E

HERE'S

a Friendly Fire

the

S H 0 l"

tern of Quail

 

 

 

Emmanmwxg _,

 

