 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 17, 1939

 

STATE COLLEGE NEws

Established by the Class of 1918'
Member

Rssochled Collediale Press

Distributor of

ColleaIaie Dlaesl
The undergraduate Newspa er of New York Stnte College
for ' 'cuchers
Published every Friday of the coil 0 your by the News
Board representing the Stall-$15 Alssoehiitllon 21a“
Tole hones: Office, 5-9373- Howe. -- ~ ' {own my, - .. l ;
p Young, 5-1653; Gabriel, 339533
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffiee

IIPIIIINTID '0' NATIONAL ADVIIVIIIN. .1
National Advertising Semee, inc.
College P351116": Representative

420 MADIION Mrs. N"! You. N.Y.
cmuoo - lanes - us Alarm - as reasons.

THE NEWS BOARD
LEONARD E. KOWALSKY .. .................... .. Editor-ln-Ch-ief
O'r'ro J. Howe ........ .. . Co-Editor-m-C’hief
SALLY E. YOUNG ...... .. Managing Editor
BEATRICE Downs Associate Editor
STEPHEN KUSAK . .... .. Associate Editor
JOHN MURRAY  Associate Editor
SAUL GREENWALD   News Editor
Bu'r'rv CLARK  . ..  Sports Editor
MAnY GABRIEL     Business Manager
KENNETH HASl-m ..   Advertising Manager

THE NEWS STAFF ,

JAMES MALONEY ........... ..  . . Men’s Sports Editor
FRANK AUGUSTINE .. . Assistant Sports Editor
ARNOLD ELLuIUN .. . Assistant Sports Editor

   
  
 
   
  
 
    

 

 

Welcome, Statesman
Next week before the Thanksgiving recess com- ;
menccs, State's newest publication, the Statesman, i
will make its first appearance. The editors promise
that their magazine, the result of the consolida-
tion of the Lion and [Sr/10, will offer something
totally unprecedented in campus publications.
The Err/m had its birth in lS‘JZ when a month-
ly, the .\'0rmul College ICC/Io, was issued under
the sponsorship of an interested group of students.
This was the first student publication to appear
on our campus, and contained humorous and liter-
ary writing as well as a news story. A successful
venture, it continued until 1918 when it became
known as the State College Quarterly. Eleven

 

 

years later in 1929 the Echo appeared in the form
as we knew it last year.

The Lion, although shorter-lived, had a more
interesting biography. It appeared as a mere cub
in 1924 as a privately-financed publication spon-
sored by three undergraduates who felt the campus
needed a real humor magazine. Well received by
the students, its development was curbed in 1926
when the ire of the administration was aroused be-
cause the magazine exceeded the bounds of de-
cency. Nevertheless, the Lion flourished, and in
1928 the Student association saw fit to include it
under the Student association budget.

The student assembly of May 20, 1959, wit-
nessed the death of these two publications which
culminated the pro and con discussion over con-
solidation for several years. Soon its successor will
make its initial appearance, and a new era in State's
literary circles will commence.

To you, Statesman board, we extend most sin-
cere wishes for success and prosperity both in your
first venture and in issues to come.

 

On Respecting Property

it has been called to the attention of the News
that chairs are being constantly damaged in the
Commons by vandalic students. May we remind
these destructive individuals that this furniture is
college property, not that of the Student associa-
tion, and should be treated as such?

This disgusting carelessness on the part of these
I'Iersons shows in them. a lack of desirable char-
acter trails so necessary in a good teacher. Um:
of the tasks of the teacher is to instill in the pupil
a. concept of good citizenship. But how can one
do this if he himself can not act as a desirable
citizen in the college community?

What with the present maintenance budget cut,
the replaceumnt of broken chairs is unlikely. If
the rate of damage continues, a “Standing Room
Only” Sign on the (,‘onnnons door will not be an

 

 

unfamiliar sight.

 

 

Give Until It Hurts

 

 

 

 

Commentotster

“O Lord, bless the young," was the prayer of a.
little Yugoslavian girl, "make me sympathize with
all living creatures and with all human things.
Thus there shall be no hungry and naked chidren
throughout the whole world; there shall be no
more wars or any slaves among us, only brothers
helping each other." The 75th anniversary of the
Red Cross found this prayer more pertinent than
at any previous time in its existence.

Today, however, as compared with their situation
in 1914, finds the Red Cross better prepared to meet
the exigences of modern warfare. The ARC—with
its experience in giving relief on an average of nine-
ty disasters a year over the past few decades and
in such services as civilian relief. first aid and life
saving, hom'e hygiene instruction, public health nurs-
ing, and its aid to men in regular army units—is

prepared to go into action on a national front in

a few hours.

The annual Roll Call opened on Armistice day—
maybe the last we'll ever have. The extent of pres-
ent needs is known to all. This year the Red Cross
is not only concerned with domestic affairs but also
with a far nobler task, that of caring for the des—
titute war-stricken. Because of its status, 'the Am-

erican Red Cross may solicit and collect: funds for use I

in belligerent countries.

In these times when it seems that the pillars'

of civilization are crumbling to dust, one pillar still
remains upright. The Red Cross represents a broth-
erhood of mankind not barring race, color. or creed.
May this humanitarian organization illustrate to

posterity that the world of 1030 did not entirely re-
, vcrt to barbarisml l

1k if! l: d! w

\Ve’ve all noticed those cute little buttons being
sported around on coat lapels featuring these famous
words “Keep America Out of War."
to debate is the effectiveness of such methods of
spreading even good propaganda. The main pur-
pose of wearing pins and signs of this sort is to
convert others to our way of thinking. How much
influence does it exert? When you and I see a blar-
ing sign stating emphatically "We want Peace."
do we therefore resolve to “keep America out of
war"? 01', do we thusly determine after thorough

thinking on the subject and feel inwardly that the ‘

way to security, happiness, and prosperity is through
peace and that the consequences of strife do not
fail but to bring misery, sorrow, and depressions?
Feelings for peace are not to be worn on lapcls to
be brushed off by a vagary, but rather to be ex-
perienced by the heart, and adhered to in all in-
ternational and personal relationships.

The Critic

Orchids to the directors of both plays,
Van Vaikenburgh and Mary Miller.
of the best this season.

Frank Evans is a. newcomer to State's stage,
but he sure carried off a superb performance. He’s
got all it takes to be an actor—poise, voice, and
interpretation of character. He was nobly assisted
by Marilyn Groff and Doug Diilcnbeck, who did
their parts well.

The sets looked a little too bare, and not dusty
enough for a haunted house. A few more cobwebs
and a little dirt would have helped a lot.

Still and all, we certainly were glad to see a real
thrilling mystery that actually made you grab your
partner's arm! (7)

I had almost thought that allogories had died in
the eighteenth century with “Pligrims' Progress."
What a pleasant surprise to find that Mary Miller
was presenting an allegory in drama.

The curtains opened to display n most colorful
stage set—Aall glittering in golds, reds, and turquoise.
No other set has ever surpassed this one in simplicity
and hue—~thanks to the stnguurnl‘t class and Mr.
Hardy.

Why haven't we seen you more often, Miss Ser-
vutius? You not only conquered Life but you con-
quered the audience, Lnureltu's dominant role was
set off by the sweet, soft, gnrdenin-lilm character of
Lydia Bond.

Let us not forget to mention the grand perfor-
math by Joe Withey. One moment be fairly made
the audience cringe at his ugliness. and the next,
he made us fear his handsome godliness. One mo-
ment he lashed cowering immunity and, in the next
instant, he was its slave. it was It rousing part
that demanded a versatile actor and you did your
part, .loo.

 

 

Shirley
They were two

it It! >5 it 4‘
Columbia popular records released this week of-
fer the “platterbug” some excellent recordings. Lis-
ten to Benny Goodman's arrangement of “Bluebirds

in the Moonlight" and “Faithful Forever“ with lyrics I

by Mildred Bailey. Watch for it to be as popular as
"Blue Orchids" and “Scatterbruin.” “Piggy Wigg'y
W0" is one of the recent novelty hits, a nursery mor-
sol that has the "rankings" of a hit. Those who liked
“Three Little Flshles" will “go” for this one.

Decca also has issued several commendable rec-
ords this week. Three famous names: Bing Crosby,
the Andrews sisters, and Joe Venuti and his orches-
tru got together to record "Clrlblribln" and “Yodelin'
Jive," a new Decca release. It's a sure “hit” with
catchy lyrics and plenty of rhythm. Be sure to hear
Glen Gray‘s fine recording of “Blue Rain" and "Out
of Space." “Blue Rain" is bound to succeed “Moon
Love” as the next hit song in the minor key. Kenny
Sargent does the vocal refrain, Jimmy Dorsey’s dis-
tinctive and novel arrangement of “My Prayer" is
one to be remembered.

" . , HWY . » » 1M‘W.mmwmmim , _ MAI, 

The point open A

News Will Have Contest
0n Directory Contents

To revive interest in campus
publications, the News is spon-
soring a contest for the best
literary criticism of the 1939-
40 Directory. Following are
the rules of the contest:

1. The criticism should include
the following points: content,
diction, plot, and appeal to the
reader.

2. The contest will close Wed-
nesday at 12:00 noon. Criticisms
may be left in the News mail-
box in Draper hall.

3. A prize, either a sum of
money or its equivalent, to be
determined by the News board
will be awarded.

4. All persons, with the ex-
ception of the News board and
their families, are eligible.

5. Neatness will not influence
the judges' decision, but criti-
cisms must be written in Eng-
ilsh.

 

 

 

l Hellenics

Ellie Murat

It’s an anxious time about now
—what with the decisive day al-
most at hand for the fellows -—
freshmen wondering, upper-class.
men wondering and worrying.
Everybody hoping that he’ll be
lucky—tomorrow nite will mean a
lot—here's hoping the freshmen
won’t find it hard to make up their
minds—because it can be so easy
for other people to make them up
for them.

And now for a. going over of
what's been going on this week—-
best news is that of Kusak and
Jeanette—it didn’t seem right these
last few weeks, but things are
looking better since the Junior
Party Saturday nite.

Seen last Friday nite together
were Roger Moran and the very
pretty sophomore from Cooper
house~—the one who was Campus
Queen attendant.

Murray, the dean of the activities
office in everything but name, had
only this to say of his debate trip
out to Colgate last week—ooohh!!!
Perhaps he meant what was said
last week in the ans about what
it’s like to be in love. What will
you do next year, John-broken
.heart?

 

 

 

 

 

 

i "The leaves are gone, but the
twigs carry on"~—so what? We've
still got the dope on the social stuff
fat State.

‘ This weekend cartainly won't be
,‘u weak end to fraternity rushing.
'All four brotherhoods are shoving

Over at College house there was
a reverse party Saturday nite. Ev-
erything was done backwards, It
seems as if Tom Augustine wasn't;
at all backward, tho. It was a little
surprising—~perhaps it's his Interest
in dramatics, or dramatic persons,
or perhaps we just don’t know.

 

l

shindigs which promise to be the Anywayv he fOHOWCd With a dance

:best blowouts Of the season.

lever, things seem to be slowing up

monies or initiations we've heard
of have been those Of Alpha Rho.
They've pledged Josephine Labecky
,inid formally welcomed as members
jEdna Potter, Anna Rapacz,
'Blanche Waterman.

lconcerned, the
Icently admitted as an

in bit. The only recent pledge eere- 5 ready underwuy‘

 

(late Monday noon. Must be some-

F‘rom the feminine angle, how- thing there-

Kelly's new policy must be 3.1-
Chuck Franklin
was in the picture over at Quail
Street last weekend—that’s some-
thing ncw for both he and Betty.

A few things we want to get off

and our mind. If you don't mind. Where

was Bucci in assembly Friday and

AS m,- as faculty pledges are is it true that Grattan was too
phi belts have ,.e_,lbashful to address his announce-
honomryfment to a certain freshman girl?

jmember Miss Handley of the Eng_,_Does anyone else but Jane Curtis
,‘lish department and last Wednesdrocewe letters In the form of ViC-

lday we hear Chi Sig pledged Miss
,Peltz, Miss Futterer.
lace, Mr. Allard, and Mr. Swankcr.

Alums weekending it last week
include Marguerite Harris and
Louise Smith, (both '34ers) at Sig-
ma Alpha, and Betty Sherwood and
Helen Crosier of last year's class
at BZ.

KD is breaking into print, not
only because of the goodlookin'
white sweaters we've been seeing
around, but because of that swell
\‘ic party for State (open house to
you, mugs) with the super-super
refreshments.

The formal dinner at B2 last
week was a huge success, we gath-

prescnt. Phi Delt's Founders’ day
too. and alumnae weekend brought
back many familiar faces.

And have you heard or seen that
new vic over at Gamma Kap'.’ Well,
all right!

The KDR Silver anniversary ban-

 

,qnet at the Dchtt was an over- that

leiclming success~evcn to the
presence of one of
,founders who is now the principal
,of the largest. high school in the
‘United States.

Tun

not are.
information.

 

Miss Wal- ,

trola records? Ask her about them.
Just one more question, why the
change of heart Charlie Quinn? Is
it that sorority furnace boys inevit-
ably become interested in the sor-
ority, and especially, the president?

And are you surprised, Mike and
Frank?

 

News Board Announces
Six Sophomore Editors

(Continued from page 1, column 2)
“at the discretion of the News
board."

The sports department of the
News announces that the filling

 

 

its originallin honor

 

of positions as assistant sports edi-

OI-«-—ovcr twenty faculty guests were I to!‘ will be made on a selective ba-

sis, depending on the same quali-
fications as those used in deter-
,mining desk editors. Persons in-
,tcrested in competing should re-
port to Betty Clark, ‘40, sports
editor.

The News board also announces
’ "no feature writers will be
‘named at this time." A banquet
of the promoted sopho-
‘Inores will be conducted in the
-ncur future. Members of the NEWS

 

,‘bourd and sports staff will attend.

., ‘ .‘ . . . . if ‘
WILILKLY BULth .l [N
This bulletin will be the medium [or all announcemeals of an official
Students and faculty are rcqucsled to look to the bulletin for
Nollr‘t’n‘ [or the bulletin must be
i not later Hum 5:00 o’clock: on the Wednesday of each [)1

in the NEWS mailbox
iblleation wee/c.

 

. _ ®_.-..__... __ ._. .m". . H, .. _‘. _ .>,_
f \l l'ullw-rnlly Scholarships Directory Hulu
. I‘lilHl'llill Inn Io llililll'l'hi ol' lilil\‘l‘l‘hil_\' lllrm'lorr - lw i u ‘
'nrholnrsiIll's lu llll' Plus-a oI' lliltl: \l'lll lml:I.\'. 'i‘iIui'i'iil'fnh'.“Iiilnld'lih  “liili trill)“f
 jplnvnmiﬂluill .II III) office for m'lIol~ Mini-d l'rnnI IIII'Inlwrs only. '
j.\I“iliivldmi‘rlI in!” II _\oIII I'dlill'Hl (-on- Directory llourd.
‘ r ‘ I , h ‘ KIIIIII Nil
1 l.iiI.u|IillI VIIII I’lll‘lllilllllfl‘l,. “um,” phlllKnlllm Ilix’mlm't “s
I “own” “mm” H!" 'I|‘~ monthly" lili'l‘lilil,’ on ’i‘liIII'sduy, I)“:
l lil'hl‘l'vl' books may ln- borrowed lw [\l‘I-mi’...,r 1 r ".”‘,"“ siwnk‘ll' Wm h“ 1""
ginning ’i‘Iu-mluy ill .‘I:II(I u‘v-lork llilll ., ‘i,’,l‘,”g“' "'MI' " “NW .“r M””””"”
.ll'I‘ Iluu Honda) 1IIorIIlng, Novr-IIIIwI' ‘. I. '“m' Mllmrlm'lm “I wm'mmn'
[:7 by “1”” “.“lmvk Stewart J. Smith, l'reslilout.
Mu”. “m.” “1",,qu Sm'iul ('Illt'litlul‘
um”. "y swarm“ .\H\‘ 17 Assembly, Sllllillillllll'l“lf‘l'tltfll-
"My?" (.WIM. W,” I”, m “W”, “I Innn I'lrnlry sing, Auditorium, ilzlli
il'IIiiI Jl:.’i0 Io l..'lu o‘clock on 'l‘lIIII'nIlnvs “"""“-
1o giro lllll’ll'l' on violin-s :liIIi budgets. .\o\' 17 \'~v ' ~ ' v '
“\ll'm (21mm in kill-ln-III-llo Iiuxl lo t'oinnmiml‘lsliiiilnInhiiiii‘khlm”M dum'u'
mongo- w giw .Idifm- on hair and - . t ' i I
“M” Mr Hum“ mm. .\o\. Jo. lnlr-rlrulr-rnlly ('ounrll lo lu-
Thu Ihumming “mum,” “Nu” m“_ .;‘I'II_:;_lil'slIIIIII‘II bids, Lounge, “:00 lo
nIllqu llII: Lounge I'oIIIIIIiIII-c for 1030- , "M "MUM"
in; (funeral chairman, (Julhorluo l)'- 5"‘3 3' {‘1'“ “WP-ill“! Slfl‘i'lf'lt. Unl-
l\§rl’nnl; (I'lmllrnnm “r ,va,,,,g,.,,,,.m_§' Inrlnn (impel, 11!;00o‘i'lock.
oI'III all not; chairman of publicity, N w. 2I~ r 'I n - v -
.idn l‘urshuli: ('lillll‘ilillli of serving, ‘ill'l'h‘t‘lllA‘llvlilu:illliilllf'luulhlu (inﬁrm
lick-Ln x“lieu”: (I'lillll‘illllil of enlorluln- o'I-im-k ’ ' puys' 8'15
IIIcu, onion (usnk' co-chuirnnlu of - . I- .n
rwvmmu, Shirl“), ,rmhmr "ml Rum!“ Mi}..'a‘f~ limnksglvlng mention begins,
licl‘lul; co-chulrnnen of kitchen, l‘lvc- , "’ “le'k‘
lyn ()llvct and James Clnipell' chulr- M’Y' 37“““WWWW'N “WNW-‘0. 511”
IIIqu of decorations, Carol (iollon. "“lm'k'
lluien lluil Bloreluuii, \‘ov "7-~i"rIIt ' '
. . .. eIIIlI.I bids must be re-
Deun of students. turned, Lounge, 0:00 to 12:36 O'clock.

 

 

 

 

'II‘

55—.—

s

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOVEMBER 17, 1939

 

 

 

Varsity, F rosli

Basketball

Squads Open December 2

 

Alumni, Troy Business College to Oppose State Teams;
Varsity Schedule Features Niagara, Vermont;
Freshmen Book Albany Academy, Union

 

With only two weeks of practice remaining before the 1939-40
basketball season opens here, both the varsity and frosh squads are
now in the midst of intensive preparations. The varsity squad opens
its season in the traditional game with the Alumni on December 2 on
which date the freshmen are also scheduled to open in a contest against

Troy Business college.

 

In advance of the regular pub-9*

llshed copy issued to the student
body the News is printing today
the schedules of both teams as is-
sued by Joe McKeon, '40, and Bill
Thomas, '40, managers respectively
of the varsity and freshmen.
To Meet Vermont

The 13-game varsity card is
featured by a renewal of relations
with Vermont, always a powerful
aggregation, after a year’s lapse,
and the scheduling of two games
with the up and coming Siena out-
fit making its bow in varsity com-
petition. Pratt, formerly met in
a single game will now be Inct on
a home and home basis. The

Alumni, RPI. Hamilton, Brooklyn"

Poly, and St. Michael’s. all of whom
State defeated last year, are again
opponents.
Niagara. Pratt, and McGill also
to be met this year all hold vic-

tories over last year's Teachers.
Only Hartwick and Manhattan
have been dropped from the '38-

'30 schedule. It looks like a well-
roundcd card facing the team with
a very tough weekend bobbing up
against the boys on February 1.

 

Varsity Basketball

Schedule
DI-WIIIIIi-r
Sal. ‘_‘——.\lIIIIIIIl
Sol. ilrrill'l 'i‘

'l‘lll‘N'. llJ-—iinIIIlilon
January
l"ri. 5~Slcnu
li‘rl. lZ—lellglil‘ll
li‘rl. lll—I’rntt (’1‘)
February
Thurs.
Fri. ire—Pratt (’1‘)
Sat. :5 rllrooklyn Poly (T)
Il‘ri. 0~~Slcnu (’l‘)

lv—Mrfl i ll

l"ri. ilk—Vermont

Sui. ‘..'-l~Sl. Michael‘s
Mun-h
Sui. ‘.'»~l(i'l

Freshman Schedule
December

.:II. ‘1 'l‘roy Business College
.I.

The same RPI team,

 

KDR and Potter
Hoop Favorites

Ex-Varsity Men Will Lead
Teams in Long Drive
| To Championship

 

} Now that the football kings have
lbeen crowned, the intramural spot-
ilight will be focussed on the bas~
ikethall season. The long schedule
began this week with four games

being played.
’ The league was topped last year
by KDR. Competition was very

close and promises to be even kccn-
or this season. KDR will again
‘ put a strong team on the floor with
,lr‘airbanks, McCroary, Oksala, and
Stevens.

College house will provide some
real competition for all teams since
they can build a formidable outfit
with the combination of Tuttle,
,who played with the varsity last
year, Kaufman, Graves, Carney,
and Anderson.

Potter Club Strong

On paper, Potter club seems to
have the strongest team in the
league. The squad will include Sel-
fert, Griffin, and Bulmer, all from
last year's top-flight frosh outfit.
In addition to these men, Gerdts,
Heller, Duffy, Saddlemlre, Chapell,
Haser, and Van Keuren will play.
‘Saddlemlre was a member of last
year’s varsity. .

In place of the usual Albanian
club, a new team. “The Ramblers,”
)has entered competition. Again,

 

there are several players with plen-
lty on the ball such as Danliewicz,
IDay, Bucci. and Paris. “Danny” also
i played with last season’s varsity,
but he is coaching Milne’s team at
,present.

l The other five teams in the league

 

KDR Places Four
Men on All-State
Football Team

Poll of Intramural Players
Selects Two Teams;
Fairbank Captain

 

Foregolng the usual procedure of
having a small select group nom-
inate players, the sports staff con-
ducted a poll this week among all
intramural touch-football partici-
pants for the purpose of selecting
the annual all-intramural teams.
Ballots were given to sixty-one men
who selected on each ballot their
nominations for first and second
team. The votes were then tabu-
lated by giving every first team
designation two points and every
second team selection one point, and
then totaling all the points.

In the backfield two men ran
away from the field. "Toad" Fair-
bank, KDR, repeated for the second
year in a row, and in addition was
selected captain of the team, while
Barney Tuttle, CH, a great runner
and punter amassed a. huge pomt
total. The third position was hotly
contested by five men but Bill
Brophy finally won the nod. The

 

four who fought him for the spot,
Hank Brauner, Roy McCreary, Bill
Dickson and Bill Barrett (on the
first team last year) all made the.

 

 

 

All-Stars
lst Team
Player l’os. Team I
Casler End Albanians
Bull Center KDR
Oksaia End KDR
Tuttle Buck Col'ge House
Fail-bank (c) Back KDR
Brophy Back KDR
2nd Team
Simmons End Albanians
Augustine Center Col’ge H’se
Frament End Potter
McCreary Back KDR
Brauner Back KB
Barrett Albanians
Dickson i Back 51 Potter
Honorable mention: end, Har-
per, CH; center, Peattie, Alban-
ians; back, Busaker, Robin Hall.

 

 

second team. A queer situation,
but out. of forty-one ballots, Dick-
son and Barrett tied for the last
spot. so we have a four man back-
field.

The end vote among the top four
was extremely close, but finally
ended up with two glue-fingered
boys, Herb Oksala and Ed Casler,
winning the top spots. Walt Sim-
mons and Will Frament are the
second team men.

The real battle royal came for the
center. Three pivot men, Gordon
Peattie, Tom Augustine and Steve
Bull, received almost the entire

 

State ‘Green and Gold’
Trims RPI, Siena, Union

 

 

 

Copping 485 points out of a pos-
sible 600, Phil Kaufman, sopho-
more sports staff member of the
News, snatched a five-dollar note
from beneath the proverbial noses
of RPI, Siena, and Union sports-
men at Roy Shudt’s weekly sports
quiz over station WHAZ of Troy
Monday night.

For the first five rounds Phil
swept along beautifully like a sec-
ond John Kieran. Then came the
foam pas of the evening when,
stamped by the quizzer‘s question
as to State’s official colors, he blurt-
ed out after a moment of awful
hesitation—“green and gold"! Bet-
ter look again, old man!

State Chessmen
Down Cornell 4-1

State’s much-vaunted chess team
scored a smashing 4-1 victory over
Cornell last Friday night in a hard-
fought match over the Cornell
boards. Cornell has held a high
rank in the Intercollegiate Chess
Tournaments for the past several
years. ,

Art Fox and Steve Shaw easily
defeated Bob Clark and Ed King
on the number one and two boards,
chalking up one point apiece for
State. John Hoose downed Al
Stevens after a well-played 4% hour
game. On the number four board
State suffered its only loss when
Jim Gillen lost to Harry Lipkin.
Bob Patton came from behind on
the fifth board to beat Phil Wyman
of Cornell and make the final re—
sult 4-1 in favor of State.

The win over Cornell was the sec-
ond of the season by an overwhelm-
ing score for the statesmen, the first
being a 6-1 victory at the expense
of RPI.

Colgate is booked for the next;
meet here either the first or second
weekend In December. Although
the locals trounced the Red Raiders
last year, the present Colgate out-
fit claims several excellent recruits

 

Touchél

 

 

 

 

B. C.

The Award System Revision com-
mittee has received at least one
suggestion for a new system, which
is here presented for consideration.
The plan coincides with the present
policy of the association in that
it limits the number of material
rewards, and makes a substitution
for the skins, which seem to be the
bone of contention. Consequently
there has been no radical change
in the plan. but merely an agree-
able compromise.

The suggestion is as follows: felt
class numerals in class colors to
be awarded after one year of par-
ticipation in four sports, regardless
of what year this participation oc-
curs: key slumped with WAA seal
to be awarded after three years of
participation in sports, regardless
of what years this participation
occurs.

This suggestion is now merely a
suggestion; that is. no official ac-
tion has been taken upon it by
either the committee, council, or
the association as a. whole.

Tomorrow is the date of the fam-
ed Northeast Field Hockey tourna-
ment at the Bethlehem Central
High school in Delmar. Tickets
at 25 cents per are obtainable from
Dec Peak. The tournament should
be excellent, for the dozen teams
which are to appear represent such
varied sections of the northeast as
New York, Long Island, Boston,
Providence, Worcester, Westchester,
and, of course, Albany. (Plug for
Mohawksll)

Dot Berkowltz is making plans
for the annual WAA tea to take
place in the Lounge on December
6. Although no definite arrange-
ments have been announced as
yet, it is safe to surmise that the
emphasis will be on winter sports
and perhaps recreational sports,
with displays of equipment taking
a prominent place.

 

 

 

 

 

San. ‘.l lli'l
Fri. 15 r.-\Hm(nr Acndums (’1‘) include KB, Robin hall, Avalon-
Jul'lllllr‘l'l’ﬁ “W Spencer, Frosh, Grads. and SLS.
Fri: l'.’ 'rAllmny Academy ,Little can be ascertained 3130‘”
Sui. Bil—l'nion ('1‘) 'elther the Frosh or the Grads until
1"°“,f,'r'i”-}"W gm” (T) [they play at least one game. The
In“: i,;..‘,,,.,‘,,, freshman varsity will probably take
 1,17. gin-1.1,} plasmas»; (‘oIIugO nliost Otl the blest talent away from

1 ' ' 5' ‘ ', ,  r,  1tie in ramura team.
“"3111. -l r.\illlili_\ Bunions (,()l|(1.,L | KB should not make too much
Hill. 2 “Pi ‘0l 3. showing due to a lack of ma-
lterial. They have several men such
The freshman schedule shows as Stine“ Pearson: ‘md BOdner!

twelve games, an increase of three  Who mum play [400‘] ban if they
over last yum Renewals from v38_vhacl reserve support to help them
'39 call for games with RPI frosh,,°ut-
Albany Business college, and thel .AValon'spencer View”
Delhi Aggics' Newcomem are the) Robin hall and Avalon-Spencer
Union from, Simmxs first f,.csh_ should be rated about even. Much
man team, Troy Business collclg'e.‘Wm depend 011 the “0511111311 talent
and Albany Academy. Hurtwick in the two groups. Sprowls and Dnby
and Cobleskill have been dropped. ,‘Wm 131017“ny 168d the Avalon-Spen—
It will be a feather in ’43’s cup if Cersr While “the? and Busam‘er
they can duplicate the wmnmg‘should be the best for Robin. In
record of last year's freshman team 5 ‘1‘ gm“ played "mt TueSday' Avalon'
against what appears to be a sched- ,‘ Spencer won 0"” Rom“ 18'15' The
um without any 50“ touches. ‘score was 2-1 at the end of the first
Cuts have pared the varsity and qlﬁzflbut by rm. not least 1. th
freshmen down to twelve and ten w i , . , . . ' '8 e
_ ‘ SLS aggIcgatlon. Paikei, Thomas,
members respectively. On the var-Wm] DcNeef f . .L. b1
slty list are the following: Will“ - mm a blong com “—
,ntlon, while Jordan should be of

ll‘ramcnt, Wait Simmons, Johnny,  , ,. . .
I-lnvko, l“l‘llill( Kluge, and Bill Bar- 4 umhmnu...p‘;°_u‘m’3f’i iii”, blight:

rott, seniors; Arnie Ellerln, ’41:,
Bill Dickson, ilunk Bruuner, Paul‘
Merritt, Dave Lehman, Bob Hilton.
and Milt Ray, sophomores. On the|
frosh outfit are Owen BOIIIbiII'd,l
Tom Brierton, Tom Feency. Arthur
Flax. Van Ellis, Morris Gerber,
Frank Hansen, Regis Hammond]
Jim Portley, and Bob Walter.

 

Eat at John’s Lunch
Dinners 25c and Up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundaes
7:30 A. M. —— 11:00 P. M.
Opp. the High School

 

l
l
I _..._._.M. _.L__..__. . ,7.“ I-_._.L--_

 

C, P. LOWRY

Watchmaker and

EMIL .l. N AGENGAST

YOUR COLLEGE FLORIST
Jeweler

Corner Ontario at Benson 8t.
Albany, N. Y.

171 Central Ave.

 

 

 

 

'how close it was.

 

 

first and second team vote for that
position. Bull finally won out on
the closing ballots by the narrow-
est of narrow margins over Aug—
ustine, with Peattie strong on their
heels. We wish we could put all
three on the first team. That's

In the closing games of the sea-
son. Robin Hall, continually up-
setting thc dope, beat a temporarily
undcrmanncd Albanian team, there-
by pushlng College house into sec-
ond and tying the Albanians for

Sample Round-Trip

 

    

THANKSGIVING
a GREYHOUND

. Your trip to “Turkey”— no

third. SLS recorded its first vic- "m . .
tory by defeating Kappa Beta. Buffalo $8 85 matter where your holiday din-
“‘T"“"“ ‘ "   “m Room,” 72,5 nor is waiting for you —WI11 be
Canandagua 6.95 more convenient, more econom-
W ‘ 9 ﬁlm‘l'“  ical and much more fun If you

Inca . n e
Comma 5,3,, go by Greyhound. Cruise in
Binglmmton 5.05 Super-Coach warmth and com-
[Vt/come the SIudcn/s of 31'3"; S ,  fort—at a savmg that you'll be

‘ C 8 p38 . - v
my College to Albany Geneva «.30 mightythankfulf“ Theresa!"
Auburn 5.40 extra reduction on round-trip
* * * Syracuse 4.35 Greyhound tickets!
GREYHOUND TERMINAL

We hope you will ﬁnd it 350 Broadway
convenient and sensible to a.
make Whitney's your shop-
ping headquarters this sea-
son.

WE WILL BE GLAD TO
SERVE You.

 

 

 

 

 

Phone: 4-6165-6

 

 

 

 

  

