 

 

 

Page 2

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 31, 1939

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O'Hora. 3-2843; Strong.
2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzi. 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

IIFRESENTID FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Servtce. Inc.
College Publirben Represenlaliue

420'MADIsoN AVE. NEW YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' BOSTON ' LOI AIBILII ' SAN FNANCISCD

THE NEWS BOARD

 Editor-in-Ghief
EDGAR B. O'Homt . .. . , . Co-Editor-in-Chief
ROBERT E. HEWIch ..  .   Managing Editor
O'r'ro J. Howe  .. .. Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. KOWALSKY . . Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. Youxc ., .  . Associate Managing Editor
VICTORIA A. BlLZl .. .. ..  .  . . Business Manager
JOAN M. BYRON .  . . ..  Advertising Manager
GRACE B. CASTIGLINE .    Circulation Manager

Issue Editors

Sylvia Greenblatt
Stephen Kusak
John Murray

JEAN S'ruouo   

Alice Abelove
William Cameron
Beatrice Dower

Sports Stall

Arnold Ellerin James Maloney

Let’s Dance

Soiree tonight marks the opening of the spring
social season. Which reminds us of the fact that
dancing is probably State’s most popular extra-cur-
ricular activity. Dancing in the Commons at noon
has, to a certain degree, provided a recreational
outlet for some students; but we feel, and our con-
tention has been borne out by chats with an ade-
quate cross section of the student body, that class
and committee meetings, 11:10 and 12:35 demos,
and practice teaching prevent too great l number
from participation.

On Friday afternoons, the emptiness of the
library and the congestion in the Commons, show
the plausibility of adding a social function at this
timc~namcly. 3:30 to 5:00 o’clock. Why not have
dancing fill this intellectual and social gap?

There are many arguments in favor of adding
this dancing period to fill out Slate’s social pro-
gram. Some of these are:

1. There are no other socinl events scheduled

for liriduy afternoons.

Many more students would be able to
participate than do under the present sys-
tem. There would even be u hull hour of

dancing for those who attend 3:33 classes.

 

l
\‘ Rivalry Spirit

(Tl-IE UOMMENTSTATER is given (he widest
i latitude as author of this column. though his view-
points do not necessarily always reflect those of the
STATE COLLEGE N uws.)

What’s happened to the Freshmen? Rivalry spirit
in the class of ’42 seems to be at a standstill. The
rivalry score at present stands about 14 to 1 in favor
of the Sophomore class. but '42 doesn’t seem to be
very much concerned about it, We think the sing in
assembly last; Friday demonstrated that fact. One of
the prime purposes of rivalry is to weld the members
of each incoming class together and to build in them
a spirit of unity. There can be no zest or spirit of
competition in a contest whose score reads like the
Frosh-Soph rivalry score does now, however.

Could this absence of a spirit of competition in
the class of ’42 be due to a lack of incentive? Perhaps
upperclassmen remember the Minerva incident which
occurred last. year between certain members of ’40 and
‘41. We are not upholding that sort. of action and
We agree perfectly with Myskanla in banning all un-
organized rivalry, but we do contend that incidents of
the sort do have a certain value in arousing class spirit.

Why can't this year‘s Freshman class get busy?
A ﬁght's not worth winning if there's no struggle con-
nected with it, so let's see you 1942‘ers get out. there
this spring and give the Sophomores a run for their
money. . . .

During the past few weeks students who use the
Commons have been deploring its condition. Those
who use the ping-pong table say that it's falling apart.
Several have remarked that the dart board has no
darts. Some have even gone so far as to advance
elaborate schemes of redecoratlng the Commons and
of having it soundproofed, so that the “Vic” could be
played all day.

Now of course We realize the impossibility of the
last suggestion just at present, In the ﬁrst place it
would entail too much expense, and furthermore, ap-
proval from the administration would probably not be
forthcoming. The dart board does not belong to the
school. but is the property of K.D.R. The ping-pong
table is in very poor condition, but M.A.A. has

 

already appropriated all the funds available for the
Commons this year. and nothing can be done from
that quarter until next year. A collection could be
taken up among all students interested, to purchase
a dart board or a new ping-pong table. or both. If

, enough students were interested. the cost should not

be very high. A little action and not so much talk
might get results, . . .
lo Ii‘ 5- 5 ~-
In the "Commentstater" for February 10. 1939. men-
‘ tlon was made about the mansion directly opposite
Husted hall which was offered for sale. It was sug—
gested that an Investigation be made concerning the

advisability of purchasing this building for State col- ‘.

loge. It would seem that this suggestion had some
effect. A bill is now before the State Assembly which.
if passed. will authorize the purchase.

Such a building will be a very welcome addition to
the school. If the bill goes through. the new build-
‘ ing will probably be used for the administration of—
l'ices, and as a social center for the college. The
present adn'tinlstration offices will be made over into
I classrooms.

 

There would be no expense involved. The ‘

cost oi running the ‘vic‘ would be taken

care of by the usual contributions.

It would further sociul opportunity for the
entire student body, as dancing plays on
important mic in any social program.

Very few people would in: disturbed. The
number of students working in the libran

Info on liriduy ultcrmlons is vt-rr small.
. .l

The average student looks to thc (,Ionnnons
on liriduy afternoons as n respite from the
week’s school work. The pingpong table
and card games are by no mums adequate
to provide activity for all students.

We sincerely believe that this program, which
has the support of a majority of the students,
would act as a cohesive influence within the entire
student body. In view of this fact, we offer the
proposal for consideration by Student council, the
administration and the faculty.

The Playgoer

 

F‘arcwoll and adieu to Advanced Dl'nmntlcs 1938-
1939 series of one—actors. Mr. Fl'unccllo's production
'l.‘ucsduy night cllmnxcd an eventful season, it scuson
that hit the high spots us well us lllc low—«21nd we
think that the high spots Wore by for in the majority.

’l‘ucsduy's set was a riot of color. The authen-
ticity of it was remarkable. (.‘xood prop selection,
cspcciully the modern slow and sink. nddcd to the
pleasing cll'cct.

The acting brought lift- to the pluy-«and what else
was required? Mr. Weiss was it benign enough pro-
lutc. Miss Clark's hiccups WN't‘ loo spasmodic to
be rcul. but her clutl'nctcr delineation was carefully
thought out.

lrlvvnlng’e honors. we thought. Went to the person
of the French cook-Mr. Nordcll. Without a single
line of intelligible incurring-“(in English; our French
has been sadly ncglcctcdll»—-hc managed to interpret

the play thoroughly comprehensible. Miss DeCotls
was suitably coy~—and Mr. Merl-lam. dcbuttlng on
State's stage, carried off a minor role with promise.

To be critical. we can only say that the and jumped
at us rather abruptly. Until the lights went up. we
expected another scene. It didn't seem final.

But the big play is going into production already.
It’s still a bit early to make predictions, but if the
headline cost assembled is any indication, it should
be as huge a success (lf that is possible) as last year’s
[lay (Feller.

 

himself to the audience in such fashion as to make =

lSmilll Announces
‘ Course Revision

S o c i a I Studies Preceptors
Will Advise Students
on Subject Field
{Continued from page 1, column 1)
advanced work. This examination
is intended for the sophomores but
third and fourth year students
who will seek qualiﬁcation may take
it by consent of social studies fac-
ulty. The examination will be about
six hours in length and will be
divided into approximately six dif-

ferent periods.

Each candidate admitted to ad-
vanced study will be assigned to a
preceptor; that ls. one of the eight
members of the social studies staff.
The duty of this faculty member
is to consult with the student; and
guide him in his work during the
remaining years of his training. The
result of the qualifying exam cou-
pled with the advice of the precep-
tor will determine the student's
focus of study. In this way each
student will have the opportunity
to further his knowledge in subjects
with which he has little or no ac-
qualntance.

Under this system a high scho—
lastic achievement in the advance
study wlll be desired to determine
lrecommendatlons for practice teach—
ing in the training school. If at any
time the work of the student is
found unsatisfactory, his instructor
will advise the preceptor as to the
reason. If after consultation with
the pupil, the work still does not
improve. the student will be ad-
vised to change his major or minor.

Upon completion of the methods
coursc in the ﬁrst. or second semes-
ter of the third or fourth year

under the ﬁve-year plan, the pre-
ceptor will place before the super-
visor in Milne the scholastic record
and personal history of cadet

practice teaching, the candidate will
be observed by both his supervisor
and preceptor. In this way the pre-
ceptor can determine the functional
value of student‘s professional prep-
aration and advise him.

 

State
i of
i Affairs
i ._ JAM

LlOklllll over the neWS of the
wcokr-v-wc find Franco in Madrid
paint the civil war at on end . . , the
‘housc passed the farm bill , , . the
demr‘crutic nations are still try—
ing to form 21 "Stop Hitler" mow--
inn-ht . . but nlo.t important of
ill]. the recent passage of the "Vol-
ing Procedure Act."

Mysknnin certainly threw u bomb-
;shcll when it presented its latest
,rcconnncntlutlon. via Jean Strong.
“I‘lle new procedure corrects most
of the evils of the post but pre—
sents u few all its own. Balloting
will now be conducted on a truly
democratic basis but so many safe—
guurds are included, that I doubt
that three voting booths will ac-
commodate the voters if all 1200
decided to take purl. I predict a
decided increase in the number vot-
ling in class elections and a decrease
in ballots for student association
offices. especially when only one or
two offices are being voted upon.
1 Nt‘t‘t‘l'tllt'lcss. Wu have made if rc«
mnrknblo udvuncc and time will cor-
vrcct the flows of the new system.
,Ilowuvor. most of those 111le Would
lilith.‘ been corrected Were it not for
‘the dcplorublc apathy exhibited by
lthc student body in permitting u
‘mcusurc of such great importance to
,puss without much more discussion.
especially for the benefit of the
freshmen who Wore in the dark con-
cerning every aspect of the debate.

a r t
’ Suggesllon to president of the
student association: Why not in-
sist that business be first at all
business meetings? Measures in-
troduced at 11259 are unable to
compete with the Boul, Annex, and

Cafeteria.

It i

“Must” reading of the Wadi for
the men— the editorial on page 3
of this issue.

depending upon the curriculum‘

teachers. During the period of‘

 

Kampus

Kapers

 

 

Ahl ‘Tls spring—at last—We hope!
And true to the perennial custom
we too shall do a bit of spring
cleaning. Absotlvely no dirt allowed
in this column. Soooo—much as
we'd like to let you in in the know
as to who is going to be the typ-
ical Soiree couple tonight We can
only hint that it will be the two
who are best at “keeping up with
the Joneses."

And speaking of fetching Soiree
couples don’t you think Louise Snell
and Mike Walrath brightened the
Commons Wednesday noon with
their hit of “formal” advertising?

The sophs have certainly waged
an untlring campaign to make the
school "Soiree" conscious, and we
hope the dance is as great a suc-
cess as the publicity was.

Speaking of spring, again, We ﬁnd
that spring fever this year is ex-
pressing itself in “bike” rides
through Washington park. Of
especial interest to those fellows
whose fancy at this time lightly
turns—“bicycles built for two" are
also available.

Evidently the pledges of A.E.Phi
thought their sorors needed a bit
of spring tonic. They gave them a.
very novel party last Sunday after-
noon. The pledgllngs edited a news-
paper and required each person to
come to the affair dressed as an ad-
vertisement due to the lack of them
in their paper.

The pay-off was Jody Scheier
who came in a bathing suit plastered
with scraps of newapaper. A large
sign informed the others that she
was “All the Nude that‘.: ﬁt to
squint.”

Another cute idea is the “salt and
pepper" party of Gamma Kap's
coming up tomorrow night. You
know the old saying—“Opposites
attract.” The girls are going to test
the veracity of this aged belief.

The last Advanced Dramatics play
was presented to a very small group
of about fifty. Can it be the stu—
dents are toa busy with spring
mid-sems? Say—here's a thought!

. If these mid-sems are sapplng stu—

dents strength, leaving them
nnemic. from where is that new
Student‘s Patriot League going to
‘get its “Red—Blooded" patriots?
Still holding true to that "Good-
Vneighbor" policy. Sigma Lambda
islgma was host to K.D.R. at a
:smoker in the fraternity house
IWednesday evening.
l And lest Wt: 1'01'get—-\vc‘re certainly
'glud the book "1 Speak for the
Chinese“ was found, Poor Sinovoy
was at a loss for wordsvund so
are wc—und that‘s why we're signing
off wlth a very. very happy Easter
mention for you all!

 

Appointment
Bureau

The Appointment burcuu un-
nonnccs the following placements:
Nathan Kullmun. ‘37, principal.
Ludlowvillc high school; Marjorie
Tylncson, '37. French. Latin. Eng—
‘llsh. ltlchburg ccntrul school;
Gulch Plumb. '37. commerce, Argyle
control school; Lois Krnus. '37.
commerce. The Anderson school.
Slantsburg; Margaret Evicn, '30.
‘llbrurlnn, Burnt l-lllls-Bullston Luke
central school; Margaret Fchlner,
'39, commerce, Nundu high school;
(,lordon Rand. '39, English. Johns—
lown high school; and William 13o»
gosln. '39, English. West lu-ydon
control school.

Students—Will Receive
Time Sheets Monday

Roswell It‘nirbunk, '40, studunt di—
rector of NYA. has announced that
time sheets will be placed in the
mailboxes on Monday and must be
returned by Wednesday.

F‘uirbank added that permission
bus been secured from Miss Helen
l-lull Morelund. dean of students. to
fill out time sheets for the full
month provided that student work-
ul-s urrunge wlth mnnlovers to make
up the time after the Easter re—
CtiSS.

Students are cautioned that if all
color shoots for the full month. the
budget will be overdrawn neces—
sltulmg a payroll cut for the re-
maining periods.

..‘

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 31, 1939

 

 

 

 

 

 

Intercollegiate
Educated Shoes

Billy Worthington, Univcni oi
abomo, has a 1 3-year-oldiboir
of shoes. in his possession that he
wouldn t sell ion any price, even
if they are held together by
. solely pins. They've been worn
at award, Princeton, Noll.
Dame, Dartmouth, Rutgers, M. I.
T., N. Y. U., McGiII, Cornell,
Northwestern, Georgia Tech and
Alabama. First worn by a Hu-
vard student in 1926, the "edu-
cated" slices have been sent
from school to school. Main use
oi the shoes states the document
that accpmpanies them is (but
they be 'wdrn during great strilc
and stress such as finals, depres-
suons, quizzes, chaos and through
the many hours during the com-
parative calm and quiet ol
study . The shoes seem to bring
good lucli too, for last semester
Illy pile up a record of 5 A's
and 2 8'5. Photo by Faber

 

New “Sport”

Tern Hernande1,l.ouisi-
one State University, has
just won singles honors
in the National Inter-
collegiate Flower Judg-
ing contest. His team
won second place, with
Ohio State lint. The
contest was held in Dal-
(— In, Texan

Close to Europe's Wu Sour
. . . the» students oi Wellington College in England on spending their rpm time building a

Mllwool lilt ° d,
«~1- -« naturist winch” 

pm. Shelton are covered will. two loci oi
Mu

 

 

 

Leaping Leader
[l i i< _,vl 
ill, Ull‘ biitj'v i
dill .x a' 1 a
moire; lu W=ll liw b".
lump llllt’ m 1

luddldngtlln'

 

