  

   

 The tindergr'aduate Newspaper of New York State

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY 18,

I939

 

 COLLEGE’NEWS

T r  Established by the 01°80'19"

, College for Teachers . ,.
Published every Friday of the college year by the

 

ydiotfs gorewell

 

 

Student Assemny

To See “Tapping”

 

Kappa Phi Kappa

Gives Outcome

airs-witmlﬁiz' gun

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MAY [8, [93'9

 

      

 

 

 

  

     

 

   

. commentstater
It’s over with and, as a Senior, I went miss the

 

(Continued from page 1, column 11

 

 

News Board representing the Student Association Id S
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O'Hara, 3-2843; Strong, N t wm be the long awaited   
. ‘ _ o - - . ex
Entered 1:350:33 1:12;? 31:32: {ﬁllilibaAiiﬁng N. Y. nights Working on the NEWS and the bun 5655‘“ 0"“ moving-up ceremony which will be ——-—-—-
ostofﬁce coffee in the Boul afterwards—ﬁne dancing in the Com- under the geqeral direction of Car- Results Show Men of 
1’ mons at noon to Goodman, Shaw and all the rest— roll Lehman, 39, grand marshal. He More Liberal Than (3",!. V  I
the feuds with the Lion, friendly feuds—editorials will be assisted by the Class marsmlﬁ in Their Belief, ' a ____ ﬂ.
condemning all Europe. fearing on every editorial 5990mm“: 15f tgunglggm Egg“ .7
that before the next News came off the presses war :gn‘ﬁig Eggnégitc forfuigte junior: cm chapter of Kappa phi Kappa,
would have darkened our horizon. No, I won‘t miSS Wm be [tappedv 1n. the suspense- national education fraternity, an-
nlled minutes to follow as the 1939- nounces the results of the recent
survey of student opinion on pro-

these.
Nor will I miss Moving-up-day-fights of frosh- 40 members of the senior campus i d t d
, gresslve ideas wh ch was con uc e
leadership society are announced m assembly a few weeks ago. The

soph—tapping. Cox’s friendly hand, the feeling of Ed

e will then announce the
Evans B O’Honn .. Oo-Editor-in-Ghief wanting to mm“ an over the Stage—the activmes’ resulis in all Student association “35h composed by Dr- R0135” Fred' I
no“  Hmw',‘;"'" Managmg Editor office with its noise, singers, erasers, and coke bottles emotions The class guardians Wm grlcik, grotfesiggt ofbeggggfh 111:1. ext}?

5"" '   M , Ed“ —all the gang, Toya, Clarkie, Cuthbert, Duke, Charlie, follow. listing the various class of— afﬁne“, 0 I
°'”° '1' How”   “mm” “a” "9 0’ Jeannie Len J Ed Em and an the resFAdvanced ficers, after which Edge will pre- ca 0n 885- .
LIONARD E. KOWALSKY'W  Associate Managing Editor Dramat'ics pli’lys' Boéostavs beating heart Pete‘s Clown sent new members with keys. After "sugars gggputﬁmgl “west;

‘  ‘ate Mana in Editor ' ' ' The program in the auditorium sitating 6. eren gures,
8”“ 13' YOUNG  Assam g g ing,—stunts. the record hurling of Torrens our fresh-

' . will conclude after the results of was found that there was a 59.5%
“mm A' Bum   meess Mdmwm man year, the Bowery scene, the Dionnes, Pete Hart's the following elections are an- average acceptance of ideas. The
JOAN M' BYRON  nounced: News board, Dr. A. R.

boys tended to be more liberal than
Gallo: B. CASTIGLINE

    
 
      
   
   
     
      

 

IIPIIIINTID VON NATIONAL ADVIITIIINI IV
‘ v National Advertising Semce. Inc.
' Callus Publkbcn Representative

dzo'MAolloN Ave. New YonK. N. Y.
CNICAIO ' III‘IOI ' Lee AIIILII I IAI "net-co

THE NEWS BOARD

JIAN Srnouo .......................................... .. Editor-in-Ghief

   
    
  
        
       
     

gi‘lﬂi’fd

    
    

 

   

  

   

Stopped?

     

 

  
   
    
 

 

 
   
   
 

 

  
    
 

 

     
     

 

 
  
    
  

 

 
   
   
 

 

 
 

gt", .-.-lh “vii-mi .
will. ill‘lllltlif‘ of l. h
f‘il/‘lly/ r‘AOiX‘L‘Ui\-'
made the UflSllCli'5\llll
.i‘lcmpl

 
 

 

  
     

l
i.
l

   
   
    
 

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  

 

 

Advertising Manager
 Circulation Manager Angna Shawn—debates' With H.0bart’ the lad With Brubacher, president of the college; the girls but only by 1%. Three
' the seeing eye dog’ St' Michaels' Foreman and the Kappa Phi Kappa, Dr. Arthur K. students agreed with the ideas
" i    C'I'O" 00133“ and hamburgsv bmken cars—COWS“. B:ik, professor of education; Music wholeheartedly.
 ‘ Charles Franklin . <  Men’s sports Editor Riz, the grand old man, talking outdoors, health. foot- council, Betty Baker; Dramatics and The most liberal stud-ems we're
Betty Clark womenls sports Editor ball, current events, Bergin slouching into Italian. grist 08:1110111.8.Xllgggagggonﬁﬁfgg ghosetsenittlrs  the social studlittzs ‘
llllllllllllll a ' ' ' r an r 5 ' epar men . an average acce »- ~
William Ryan   “swam sports Ednor Jones and comments on the Lion. Egelston and Maya. Rockerfeuer; Women.s Athletic ns_ ance was 77.7%. a rather high aver_ E
 Joseph Bosley   Assistant Sports Editor York and buy America banyhoov the Dean and cuts- sociatlon, Betty Allen; Debate coun- age_ The most conservative Stu- ‘
: 4.": , Ed.t . Brubie in “Springdingus,” the faculty queen attend- cil, Leonard Friedlander, and Men's dents were the freshmen math ma- ,
’ Featme I 0’8 ants, Rienow in assembly—memories that are quickly Athletic assoclation. “Duke” Hersh. joys. They rejected most of the ideas
saul Greenwald Charles waISh forgotten all of them 1 After itlhese danimmiceénentgv yyis' lowering their average acceptance to
' ' ' en 0 n - .
       me to    on       
All“ Abalovev William camemnt Beatrice Down“ the budget—freshman camp with its all night card then form the numerals and the interesting to note that the most

Sylvia Greenblatt, Stephen Kusak,
John Murray.
Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager ................ .. Harriet Sprague
Assistant Advertising Manager .. Kenneth Haser
Assistant Circulation Manager .............. .. Mary Gabriel

 

gxeunt Omnia

This is our last issue. Our typewriters are broken
down; our copy paper is all gone, and we are very
tired. Yet we leave our berths on the NEWS board
reluctantly, because we have enjoyed ourselves so

I thoroughly. We have enjoyed all of our work. We ,
have made eleventh liour deadlines; we have worked ‘
overtime and weekends; we have searched for elu-
sive headlines, and we have editorialized profusely.

 

 

 

Now we band over the reins to a new board, the
twenty-third in our history, and we wish them well.
We can only express our attitude toward this year
by the story which Miss Moreland tells the fresh-
men. An English lieutenant, while addressing the
new recruits, said, “This regiment has bad a long
and honorable tradition. We do not expect you to .
add to it. We can only ask that you do nothing

to detract from its honor.”
We hope that we have not. ,

Eddie and Jean

gun for ﬁll

“There's something rotten in"»-- —rivzllry! Mon-
day night, the NEWS office and surrounding torri-
Lory were ransacked by class spirit; yes, pure and
undiluted class spirit. There have been duckings
and kidnappings. In fact, both classes have done
everything that wcrc expressly forbidden last year‘s
classes by the lnlcrclzlss Rivalry rules. However,
we do not criticize ii. We are merely perplexed.

Why, when it is a life and death struggle to gcl
a dozen people out to a song rehearsal, and only
a handful come for bunncr rivalry, should a whole
class turn out for unorganized rivalry? Obviously,
there is smoothing wrong with the status quo, and
we wish [but some one would get to the bottom of ii.

The aim of rivulry, as stated, is to lll'UllSC class
spirit, and to provide full for the two classes, but
quite obviously, the present setup is not providing
for that goal. Reaction to the rivalry, as stated,
is apathetic. The rules for freshmen are ncgligiblc,
and unenforccd. 'l‘llc Spontaneous affairs of the
last few days are more interesting to the members
of both classes. Why, then, is rivalry maintained
as written?

We suggest to Student council, as zirbiiurs in
rivalry, that they get to the root of the evil, and
revise the rules for lnterclass rivalry and freshman
tradition so that they include only the most desir-
able and popular features.

,violinists, Grainger. flutists, symphony orchestras—

‘ long the library's lulling' lights—the time Knox ap-

games. crew races, sanitation squads—bonfires up
behind the Dorm with songs, snakedances, sprained
ankles. dancing in the Dorm afterwards. I‘m a little
acorn. little snowflake, little Vanderpoel—arguments
over Swing Music, Goodman, Shaw, Basie, Ellington,
—Proms and formals, Valjean, Reser, Berrgan, Hop-
kins, Shaw. Keating, Jones. All these will go from
my memory before long.

I won't remember the coke machine, the Annex
sandwiches, the cafeteria banquets. the smoke-filled
Commons—Concerts. Dr. Candlyn. ‘What shall we do
with a drunken sailor.’ ‘Down Among the Dead Men.’

S.C.A., marriage commission, — Hygiene, Doc Dor-
waldt, oh! worry, Siamese twins, wheelbarrow stories,
——Campus days. queens, Rita, Elsa, Lucille, Chris—
Prom beauties, Rea, Janet, Reg, Janie—new ideas. bull
sessions, religion, Deism. sports, radio—I will forget

these things soon. very soon.
I don‘t think any of the seniors will remember

peared in brilliant array, Eclge‘s ride—the Moving-up
day sings. stunts, the torch light service—Milne high
school with its lesson plans, problem children and the
rest. No. we won't remember these.

All these things are dead and gone——soon to be
forgotten. I won't remember them. I'm sure. but then.
I always was an awful liar.

‘60m0rrow .73 the {Day

To some of us, Moving—up day means :1 few
honors and applause; to others, a day of color,
t-xciicnlt-nl and fun; to still ()illL‘l‘S it means that

nCW onc.

New Year's Eve
oursclvcs but for Sinic collcgc.
tions of State college.
may assimilate lllzli intangible rcspcct, love, illli‘c
tion, scnlinlcnlulism~cull if what you will in

Suite collcgc und for What Slzltc college stands.

frilly grasp for the lust time their feeling for lhci
lllrlllllllllill.

to flu: day and illc college and curb student gain
a little more grcutllcss by participating.

people and days.

years. We will prove that State is not Draper be]

friendly people with emotions.

the whole collcgc, faculty and students alike. are Rand — la la wall-arm, And that

gzlfllcring together in cclcbrulc the end of u SCllUUl , , ,
, , rcv1val of tile 39 vs. ‘40 trays. We
your the rod of un cru~~zmd the beginning of ii always mmk it's a good sign when

To most persons it should be like a serious Sm,“
to have fun but also to resolve
that illc ncxl yt‘nr will llc u grcutcr one, not for
if is a day when

If is it day. too, when the wccpy seniors can

livery student lit the Moving-up (lily
CXUI‘i‘lSi‘: contributes just [but much nlorc nobility

Schools are not books and buildillgs-~--—ilicy'rc Harvard Lampoon editor's idea 0
entering a cold hoop race will be school church 0- -

, , - . . 1 social service nu—
_ contagious. Can’t you Jllh‘i see the thorn in their c ‘
y I H . ‘ I x r . ' ommu - '2' -
tomorrow WL Will prove, everyone of us, that [lit Stately editor of the (non cutting up mg mile“ mabimy LO 0233;,‘33Lfﬁl2,

'l‘olnorrmv is Moving-up (lily,
torch of State will go burning brightly through the , ,, ,
Hustcd bull, and the library, but a group of

I If you're staying sort of bull-session~in-print. Sorry,
away because you’re gollig to cry—~don’t——bccausc "We can’t take more “me for adieu

Doran will be the ivy speaker. The
ivy will be planted by John Edge,
Wheelock scholar. The morning’s
program will be concluded with the
seniors' singing of the ivy song.
In the afternoon, the entertain-
lnent will be highlighted by the pre—
sentation of the class stunts on the
Page hall stage. Stunt leaders are
as follows: Victoria Bilzi. '39. Lil-
lian Rivkind, '40, Arnold Ellerin,
‘41, and Marion Duffy, ’42. Judges
for this event are: Mr. William
Clark. instructor in English; Miss
Agnes Futterer, assistant professor
of English; and Dr. Caroline Lester,
instructor in Mathematics.
In the evening the traditional step
singing will be enjoyed. The singing
will be featured by the rivalry songs,|
last event in rivalry. Edge will pre-,

of the sing is announced,

 

State
of
Affairs

C.E.W.
Rivalry evidently isn’t as dead as

the aggression of the unpredictable
frosh. It was just like old times last
week, what with shower duckings,
excursions to the lake. and Sally

doesn’t take into consideration the

the younger generation can almost
reach exam time and still show such

tlr

You watch W.P.A. workers.
r

lures likc Union Pacific!
 . ..

New books: Wr- Slmll Lirv Again

I.

s l‘lctltiolls list. It‘s about the Nazis.
. .

+ ’1

And We ware wondering if the

on a WAA weekend?

we sadly thought it was, thanks tor

That‘s what carries of seeing pic—

taken the greatest number of educa-
tion courses.

This holds true for the various
classes, the seniors, average ac-
ceptance is 64.9%, juniors 63.8%,
sophomores 58.5%. and freshmen
50.9%. It is quite evident from this
report that the more the progressive
education by which you are influ-
enced, the more liberal your ideas.

The greatest number of objections
were voiced to the following state-
ment: There should be no mathe-
matics required in the 8th or 9th
grades or thereafter, except for
pupils who have not attained 7th
grade standard on some such test
of fundamentals as the Standard
achievement test or Compass survey
test.

l

l

.‘

seniors will plant the ivy. Kenneth liberal minded are seniors who have 
l

l

i

sent the rivalry cup after the resulti The most readily agreed upon was

the viewpoint that eventually high
school teachers will become teachers
of boys and girls rather than sub-
jects.

It is also interesting to see that
so great a number of students agreed
that sex-character education should
be taught. in the secondary schools.

Appointment
Bureau

Four seniors and four graduates
have received placements during the
past week.

The four seniors who received ap-
pointmcnts include: Elizabeth Allen,
English and library at West Baby-
lon; Franklin Kehrig, history at
Congers; Carroll Lehman, science
and mathematics at Willsboro;
Catherine Lynch, English and library
at Willsboro.

The four graduate placements are:
Alvina Lewis. ’34, English and library

Every once in an often we wish at Ossining; Eleanor Miller, '38. Eng-
wc were back in the good old (lays lish at Schoharie; Lillin Payne. '35.
when life was adventurous and you commerce and history at Hunting-
.  I t V  .p i i . I, . could shoot Injuns if you got bored. Lon: Linwilln Sayer, ‘38, secretarial.

flu, lthlllllLll may [Lilli/.L flit illitllllllg of the liadl- Nowuduyg what happmgg SO you __.

,\ (ml when these h‘cghlnlln want a stage couch? You take a . '
) bus. So you wanna sllcn lnjuns? StUdents May Obta n

 

Forms for N.Y.A. Work

Application forms for N.Y.A. stu-
dent aid for the year 1939-40 will
be available at the (loan of student's
. office and at the N.Y.A, desk, ill

a moving plcturizat‘lon of the Czech- Draper hall, room 107 beginning
oslovukln llllll was, (lcscl'Vcs i’OIU‘ Monday, May 22 '
llLLclltion. Mullrico Hindus is the bank, ‘40, student: director of the
author. Nora Willll's Null-hing for N,y_A, stated anyone desiring stu-
lhr' Slum continues to lend the non- dent ma for next; year must com-

Roswell Fair-

pletc the new application.

Those students who have been on
t the 1938-39 payroll do not need to
f procure another statement from the

cdueation without this part-time ro-
llef work. However. applications of

1; And this math OUI' l‘llla1—30—0n students not on the 1938-39 payroll

opportunity to meander about in thl

the State of Affaim. We’ve liked the must be accompanied by such a

5 statement.
Students are urged to complete the

 

—we’re got to cover another sud

 

 

We intend to weep.

den frosh uprising. See you—

sJapplicatlon and return it, with the

-|accompanying statement, at the
earliest possible time.

   
  
   
 
   
 
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
     
  
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
      

z—rr our.“erg-rarmmszr—u‘ntmﬁ..hwg?wi T"

 

V V Cromg, (going, Gone"

.. 1,, ’l

 

:l i

Anulllcr lion Slitlci ionic Shit

    

i

r

