 

Page 4

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 24, [939

 

 

Newman to Have

Tea and Lecture
For All Students

Baroness de'Hueck toAddress
Students and Faculty
on World Youth

Newman club will present the
Baroness de Hueck Thursday after-
noon at 3:30 o’clock in the Lounge
of Richardson hall. The Baroness
will speak on World Youth Move-
ments and all students and faculty
members are invited to attend.

Baroness de Hueck is a daughter
of a colonel in the Imperial Hussars
who was left penniless as a result
of the revolt of the Bolshevists.
Imprisoned for some months, the
Baroness finally made good her es—
cape and Joined the British Red
Cross. She so distinguished herself
in this service. that the British
government decorated her at the
close of the World War.

Last year, this popular lecturer
and journalist toured Europe as a
correspondent for a nationally
known magazine. She was included
as one of the speakers presented
in Troy Music Hall by the Catholic
Forum. Originally scheduled to
speak for biit an hour, the Baroness
so captured her audience that even
after two hours, it was reluctant to
permit her to conclude. She is in
this vicinity at this time in order
to fill a return engagement in Troy.

Internationally known as a social-
service worker, the Baroness is the
founder of the Friendship houses in
Toronto, Canada. At present, she is
director of the Friendship house in
Harlem. She will be introduced by
Dean Moreland. and after speaking
on youth movements. will conduct a
discussion and answer questions on
the subject.

Faculty guests will include: Miss
Agnes Futterer. assistant professor
of English; Dr. Thomas Kinsella,
instructor and supervisor in com-
merce; Mr. John A. Mahar. profes—
sor of French; and Miss Grace
Martin. instructor of art. Charles
Kelly. '30, and Fred Ferris, '42. are
in charge of arrangements

Ill her appearance at Troy last
year, the Baroness included much
information of interest concerning
European youth movements. She
emphasized England and Belgium lll
this connection and reviewed coli-
ditions in Portugal. Concerning
Belgium, the Baroness spoke of II.
program of work and study lIlltl. to
the average American studcnl would
seem most ambitious.

It is expected that stud i -
gates from the College oi H. ltoso,
Russell Sage. and Albimy lliisincss
college. will attend this ten and dis-
cussion.

 

 

French Club Banquet

The French cliib will conduct fl.
banquet at Panctta's French and
Italian restaurant. on Tuesday
night. The lifl‘alr will start at
6:00 o'clock. Tickets are on sale
now. and may be purchased from
any member of the club. Tile price
will be seventy-ﬁve cents per per-
son. Miirian Peetz, '39. president of
the club. expects that this affair
will be conducted annually.

 

 

At the

ANNEX

You’ll fiml
(he very best

Ice Cream in
Town

WAGAR’S

For the daily
snack

("or parties
large and would

Storrs to Address
Foreign Policy Group

Sir Ronald Storrs, British author-
ity on Palestine. will discuss the
puzzle of Palestine" following to-
morrow’s noonday luncheon of the
Foreign Policy association at the
Ten Eyck hotel.

At 3 :30 o’clock. Sir Ronald, a rabbi,
and an Arab, will resume a discus-
sion of the question before students
from vicinity colleges. Members of
State’s International Relations club
will attend. The following will
represent State at the discussion:
Fay Scheer and Rita Sullivan. jun-
iors; Janet Sharts. Pail] Grattan.
Douglas Manley and David Kreher.
sophomores.

 

 

Appointment Bureau

Announces Placements

Those seniors who received ap-
pointments are: Christine Ades.
social studies at Bay Shore; Virginia
Bolton. English and library at
Schuylerville; Hall Downey. Elig-
lish.and civics at Painted Post;
Betty Hayford, English at Painted
Post; Joyce Maycrck. commerce at
Mt. Uptcn; and Jean Strong, Eng-
lish at Homer.

Other appointment include: Ruth
Wood. graduate. English and library
at Lincoln; A. Buell Arnold. gradu-
ate. commerce at Spencerport; Paul
Dittman. ‘38, commerce at Mont—
rrse; Bryan Simmons, ’36, English
land library at Athens; and Dorothy
lMcGuiness. ’32, library at West
Winﬁeld.

 

Math C|ub Win Meet State Weather bureau, will speak
on “The Mathematics in Weather

Math club will meet on Thursday chﬂstmgn Mr Cassidy was grad-

? 7130 0'010Ck In mom 101- Mr- noted from State college in 1930, and
-_allles Cassidy, of the New York received his Master's degree in 1933.

 

 

Geo. D. Jeoney, Prop Dial 5-1913

Boulevard Cafeteria
and Grill

 

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

SIX STEPS TO
MORE SMOKING
PLEASURE

   

, - wed;
AGEING—Clleslerﬁcld's mild
ripe tobilccos, like ﬁne wines, urc
aged for two or more years iii huge
wooden cusks. Here they gradu-
ally ncqiiire that true Chesterﬁeld
"lllllllt'.\'5 and hcllcrloslu which give
millions ofsmokcrs lllm't'llll'flliflre.

 

 

 

STEMMING—“Almosl human”
is what they say about the inter-
estingstemmingmachines,whose
ﬁngers pick up ilie tobacco, leaf
by leaf and take out the stem,
leaving only the mild, tender,
good-lusting part of the leaf to go
into the making of Cliestcrﬁclds.

r iii
~ P’

      

BlENDING—Thcrc is only one
Chesterﬁeld blend . . . the blend
that can't be copied . . . a happy
combination of tile world's best
American and Turkish tobaccos.
Just the right proportions to make
Chesterﬁeld ii milder, better-lust-

 

qualitics of on

I opyi lulu I‘H‘),

 

 

 

 

l.|t.f.l.fl .\ M‘. l in 'I ulwm Cu.

 

He’ll soy. . . Loo/2 what it says
on the hack of the package...

H '
Chesterﬁeld Cigarettes are a balanced blend

of the finest aromatic Turkish tobacco and the {it
choicest of several American varieties blciidcd  
in the correct proportion to bring out the liner 

ch tobacco.”

W hen you try them you will [mow why
, . . . . .

(.hcstcrﬂclr/s give int/lions of men and women
more solo/clog pleasure. ..w/1y’l‘l i iil' SA’l‘lSll‘Y

Che s teriield

...thc blend that can’t be copied
...the RIGHT COMBINATION of the
world’s best cigarette tohoccos

     

ing cigarette. 

ll

    

PAPER—livery Chesterﬁeld yoil
smoke iswriippcd iii lmrrcigurcttc
pilpcr...tlic finest cigarette piiper
mildc. That's another reason why
Cllcsicrﬁclds urc milder iiild bet-
tcr-tiistiiig.

 

MAKINGH‘AIIHUSI hislci‘ lllilll
lllc c)c cull liilloii, (lllcslcrﬁclils
conic rolling out ol' the Iliili'vcl-
till‘i cigiirctic limiting llizlclliilcs.
(lllcl/rl‘lir/r/u uruuliriuri rumiil. lirni
lllltl lsli'll-fllll'il.

 

o

as. J
PACKAGING—Truly uiluizilig
arc the packaging lilalclliilL-s ii liicIl
wrin iiiid scul (llicslcrﬁelds iil
tlicir air-light, llltllﬁlul'c-pl'tllll‘
packages. Regardless of where
you buy them. (.‘ln'sm'ﬁe/ils I'r’tlt‘ll
you as fresh as tho (Iin How were
made.

 

 

 

State College

Liﬁit/ARY
riATE col..i-.:+:i FC-i’t TEACHE :

N staunch. Y» .

 

 

 

2-443

STATE C(il.l.l~:or. FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, iVIAIu'll gr, 1930

Dorm to Conduct

Dr. D. V. Smith Explains

 

Change in Social Studies

 

Examination for Sophomores'
Will Aid in Selecting
Future Courses

TO APPLY IMMEDIATELY

Faculty Members to Advise
Student During Period
of Specialization

 

by Alice Abclovc

The social stitches department of
State collcgc is undergoing a recon-,
slriiction under the supervision of",
Dr. Domini V. Smith. professor inI
social studies. The new syntvtll will
be effected with the present sopho-
more candidatcs for majors or
minors iii this ﬁeld. The entire
program was revealed iii an inter-

Mar. 31

81

Apr.

 

view with Dr. Smith yesterday.

Under the present system. most of
the hours for certiﬁcation in social
studies are in required subjects. The
department feels that this is in-
adequate for the preparation of the
student. since the social studies field
requires a very broad training cov-
ering history. economics, sociology.
political science. and geography ill a ,
short space of time. It, therefore.I
appears futile for certain students
to have to take courses about which
they know little because of lack
of time. The new program will
endeavor to suit individual needs

(‘ontlciiscs Courses

in tllcll' freshman and sophomore
years prospective social studies
majors and minors will have to coni-

 

SOCIAL CALENDAR

Address in assembly by
Dr. Louis Kress, cancer
expert.

M e e tin g of Student
Patriots League.

Kappa Phi Kappa ball-

quet.

SOPHOMORE SOIREE.
Dorm formal.

Lutheran club meeting.
SCA Easter service.
Easter recess begins.
Radio program featur-
ing Millie high.

Easter recess ends.
Chemistry club meeting.
R e l i g i o n commission
meeting and buffet slip—
per.

Commerce clilb ball—
qliet.

 

 

l

i

 

 

Morrison to Address
Education Fraternity

Kappa
New

Chi ch
lllitional

l’lii Poppa Will Initiate
Members at Banquet

aptCr of Kappa Phi Kappa.

education fraternity, will U1),

conduct. its annual spring banquet
at the Hotel Wellington tonight at
)ck. President Lawrence W.,
Strattnor. ‘39. will act as toast-‘

(3 :30 o‘i'li

Bob Reid and His Orchestra

Alumni Residence balls will take
lplace iii the Ingle room of the
ldormitory. tomorrow night from 9:00
to 1:00 o'clock. Music will be fur-
nished by Bob Reid and his orches-

Spiing Formal
Tomorrow Night

VOL. XXIII, No. 21

Sophomores Will Conduct

Traditional Soiree Tonight

 

 

 

to Play in lngle Room I
from 9:00-1:00

The animal Spring Formal of the

 

 

tra as was announced by Della
Doian. ‘39. president of the resi-

i
deuce halls. and Miss Mary Mor-

ton. social director.

Mary Trainor, '40. head of the
sceial committee has named Mil-
dred King. '39. as general chairman,
of the affair. Miss King will be
assisted by the following commit—
tccs: arrangements. Dee Jesse. ’39,
chairman. Winifred Baer, Barbara
Howard. freshmen; faculty, Rita

ISilllii'an, '40; programs. Hilah Foote.

'39. and Kathryn Adams, ’39; re-
freshmcnts. Doris O’Hare, ‘39.
chairman. Janet Weitzer, Sarah
Beard. and Jane Williams. fresh-
men; music, Marion Walker. '40;
decorations, Carol Golden, '41, chair-
man. Virginia Davis, Elizabeth El-
son. and Helen Lasher, sophomores.
and Gertrude Freitag. '42; clean—i
Madeline Lenore Hunt. ‘41.I
chairman. Grace Moon, Friillces‘
Hoffman. Marion Keablcs. and Der-i
otlly Peak. sophomores. Katherine
Trowbridge, Margaret Holliiiger,
‘Mary Louise Adams. Virginia Surd-

lsham Jones and Orchestra
to Entertain Couples
‘. at Aurania Club

l l

:IO’BRYAN is CHAIRMAN

i Vocalist to Select Typical
State Couple Tonight
at Class Dance

SOIREE CHAIRMAN

  
  

 

Tonight from 10:00 until 2:00
o'clock in the Aurania club, the
sophomore Class will conduct its
Sophomore Soiree to the music of
 Ishaln Jones and his orchestra.
‘ Catherine O’Bryan is general chair-
man of the sophomore’s first formal
event.

The Aurania club will be decorated
in the traditional class colors, red
and white. The decoration com-
mittee promises a real surprise in
the way of decorative creations.
Since rivalry has been suspended
for the evening, the class banner
will be prominently displayed. K

Bids. which are $3.50 per couplE',
will be on sale all day today and may
S also be purchased at the door. The
I, , 1 tom hm sign at the bid table, with the men
£39110!“ g in class colors climbing the ladder
in”? as each class purchases bids, has

Eattracted much attention during the

Kress, cancer EXpert, past week. The sophomore class

T  A  took an early lead and from all
indications will maintain that lead
0 ress ssem y until the sale of bids finally stops.

The featured highlight of the eve-

(‘alhcrine O’Bryan, ’41. who

chairman for

 

master.

. , , . ham. Arlene Sadler, and Kathryn , "——‘—,'_ .

“L'E‘fi’t‘i‘?” 5° Shillilnel' DliFEalnk Wilson, freshmen. I “‘“d‘ml “Ody W'“ N0m'l‘3t8 ning will be the choosing of the

P~ (“MW "‘“mt‘h‘m‘er 0 “" Faculty guests will include: or. Three NSFA Delegates typical “Soiree Couple” by Isham
Jones and his two vocalists.

1- ' r v III ‘I ' r' , ‘
nation has fl(.CL])Lt.(l an imitation Abmm R. menchcr' WESme 0i

pletc at least twelve hours in basic in sponk, but is unable to do 3

courses. These are History

Ecoltonnes-Sociology 1. Economics 3.lwho. with her
and American Political and StlclllllCm-jljbvnn cruise

Institutions. which consolidates His- r], Con

lOl‘)‘ 4 “WI 1301mm” SHUNT 1 illlrfllpointcd assistant commissioner

one course. ‘l‘hose sophomores who
have not taken Political Science as
yet will have the opportunity to
elect u now course in comparativu
government.

At f'l‘l‘lillll specified times diiring‘

May all nopholilorcs who wish to fur—
thcr their studios ill this field will
take ll qualifying examination which
will be based ilpoll material covered
by basic courses as Well its gclicriil

reading. The purpose of this cx—1

:imhiuiioli is twofold: first. to dis—
close ul'cns III which further student
training is iii-ci-ssury. :illd st‘t'ililfllj'.
to (ll‘li‘l'illlllt‘ culldidntcs' [illness for
’l'flllllllillll on [Hin .3. (‘Ullilllll .i/

the college, and Mrs. Brubiicllci'; Dr.

in | I “ H T ' ‘i' ' ‘ ‘
2.Ibi.t.iiist of the llliicﬁibofnlxll2:13;“: Milton (1. Nelson. dean of the col-
1  3 mg "mgmmﬁ liege. and Mrs. Nelson; Miss Helen
‘1 ' ‘ ‘ ’ ‘ H. Moreialld. dean of students; DY-

, I i u — . . '
1v M01150” luemll “D William M. French. instructor in

I q “I ,H I U ‘ IUTL guild's}?! education. and Mrs. French; Mr. Ed-
“"“1” 1' “1 )L 1‘ I“ “s "I " ‘ ‘ 'wurd L. Cooper. instructor in COlll-Illlt.‘

I 'I‘llt‘ “st‘l-lfllgclllt‘l” Will SL‘I’VC ilSIlilcrcc, and Mrs. Cooper; and Mr.
,ihi- formal initiation of new calldi- pm” Bum-913 secretary of me AD-

dnlcs into membership.

iindcrgriidiiatcs to be initiated in—
cslic Wiley. '39, and John
Homer Leggett, and Paul
Supolsky. juniors.

Members of the. Capital District
alumni are planning to attend the

clinic L
lluvko.

bimqiii-t which serves as a regular

rciuiioil.
:iwiil'ds

Erich your the chapter

an honorary "key"

Th“ IOUI' pollumcnt bureau, and Mrs. Bulger.

Dramatics Sponsors
Play Poster Contest

The Advanced Dramaties class un-

 

to some dcr IIll‘ direction of Miss Agnes Filt-

mcmbcr of llll‘ education profession it‘l't‘l'. assistant professor of English,

who hits i'ollll'ibillcd to the Il(I\’illl('t‘- lulu siiil'lcil ill
limit of teaching. mid thc recipient1mmiiul

‘of this year‘s honor is awaited.

Student Association Approves
Changes in Voting Procedure

by John A. Murray
Sliidcliir lining for NHP‘A rcpi'c—

(It'lil :liflll'lilllllll and class oliiccrs

shorlii illll‘l'Wlll'tl “1” cost lllt‘ll'

lJ-IIIUI vitH’l‘lllll-x 1" “ “‘“l‘uwn'”'\ .ii-iclixnd llii' pi'oi'cdlll‘c us

pi'il-i-dilri- liicol'porulcii lll tho "Vol—
llip, I‘loi-i-dillo Ari" power] by llll‘
.‘rlllflt'lll itmtll'llllltlll uimout without
opposition luril l"lliI:t).

'l‘hc lil‘\\|\ pour-ed :ii'l is. but u
ll'llilliildl') |llt':l:lll'l' llh ll ls cli'cclivr-
min lliicilgii .Illlll' oi this your.
l’riwidi-lii .lohli I‘ltIHl‘, '1ltl.hus poliui-d
lilll. Illl\\l'\l'l'. that ii lllc new |llilll
prone. ii-uslblc, steps will iilldoiiilii d-
ly Ill' IllI~Lt'll to giuil'ulili-c its llt'l'lllil—
lll‘ll('_\ by incorporation l'lllll'l' Ill
IIll‘ i-oilsllllulivll or byduwo.

lllIl‘(l(Illl'l‘lI on it IVI)’:~IHIIlIlt l'l't'-
(lllllllt'lllllllltlll by qun Strong. ‘liii,
tin» uicusiirc wits dcsi'rlbcd us it
collsolliiulloll of N'H‘l'lll pliills siib~
lililtcd Ill l'l‘t't'lil ycurs llli(I llll
tiltswcr to llu~ ili'ilvc

has been uumifcst ill lilo vurioiis

publications.
group houses. and on the very tioor

of the lisscmbly. It was ill l'cc‘ogni- ‘oi‘ the ussclu
lieu of this need for reform thut;of votiui: may be changed only by
Myskiilllii decided, early this your. ll])l)l'()\’

to suggest chullges ill the present
selvup.

Myskimiu investigated the fcusi- technical questions of procedure, the
billty of utilizing voting machines coliiple

bill i'oi

.‘sl‘i'l't‘I

tlt'illtlt’l'l

‘(lr
ill Htulc. clilu‘r rented or j'iill'chilsi-il.

.11 I; I hid this iniln-m-ilmL The
M “mm” U” AW” ~ dill oi lll proposition Iitiulll' ultra-d ilpon is «llllol't‘h’ﬂ willin jiiliiors' Null l‘illll‘l‘l’
Irilltii-Il‘tl to lllsilri. m, ubwmmy . ' H

builot.

lllt‘ Illcltslli‘c.

Miss Strong chur»

c production of their

spring play. The play.
I"Cradle Song." will be prcsclltcd iii
Page llnll iiudliorlum (ill Thursday
and it'riduy evenings. Miiy 25 and
20.

'l‘iu- cast for the ploy is us foi-
ilows: ltoso DcCotis. Rillh Donut-11y,
‘Mul‘i'ili lil'owll, lVilil'y KlitlllZ. Eleanor
(troll. ltiln Sullivan. ltuby Stewart.
‘Miiry Al'lidt. ill-ity Clnrk, l.oiiis
l‘roliccllo, Lorraine 'l‘ilclircr mid

:Wlilium lii'gostii, :illd ituy Wultcl's,
minors. The play will also be pro-

: I'll i -.
l I l l:-.t‘llli‘tl ill llll‘ (ircck liii‘litcr 111 back

[of [Ilt' Alumni itcsidcllcc hulls on

 "'i . 's— .
\(tillflllll. to lllt lli\\ llilll My Mlnmm “M, m Junu

kumu \\lII (It‘lt'l'lllllll‘ the little and,

Ill ('illllli‘i‘lltlll with lllt'll' spring

1 - - i - -- l l ' .- ‘ .
1:1 “ll '){‘I'1ll,"[|ll‘)l  :  “I: :iiltldulzt production. Illt‘ Advanced lii'umuilcs
a :» i t ' ' .. so. ‘ ,

the class liiiirsiiuls. ihc luciilbcrs of
our rumpus lcudcl'slllp socicty \vlll‘
[ll't‘\t'lil i-h-ciloili-crlllg m the \‘lt'lllI-'

[5 ol IIlt' (‘ommoiis balcony. \\Ilt'l't'
Ilillliillill'. \\lll I)t‘ conducted, \vill prc~

\t‘llI ril
illill't‘tl

lltIl'ltli- liol Ilil\'llll.‘, plilil l‘cw

loses irom voting. iiild

ill

other \vujs lllhlll't‘ u Illll' iilid dclllo—

i'l'ul lt' t'
'l‘lic

)

ulid 1.

ulcllts

r ciiitiotl.
and of

It cl ltill.

llt'l stairs that it shrill
bore "no l‘lli‘t‘l on existing rules
‘i\ llh the exception of Articles

oi llll‘ constitution."

lltllltllitill order to chm-t the new system.
llillllllhl liic prcscut sysicill. which “as necessary to change lhc almond—

Amendments
in lot'kcl' 1'00le llllilllilld it require that till elections shall noon ill 5:35 o'clock.
llllkt‘ [)Illt't‘ during rcgliliir meetings resume Monday morning. April 17

biy tllltl (but the place lil. lizlt) o'clock.
viscd tllut absence from classes on slurs, the first selllestcr passed rup-

either April 5 or 17 will be deemed
of term being Mic'ky's discovery of tile little worried. We may not be turn~

Oilly ub— 1940 banner and oiir first class get- big the werld exactly upside down.

lllt'lll tolled.

to act was adopted.

1
Iii
it

I

iii of two—thirds of tho lisso-
rl‘hls perlliissioiiwus granted us a request for cancellation
ter little debate, mostly on credit Ill courses affected.
sent-cs upproVed by the dean. prior together in the high: room.

i'i:i:.~. 1:. :poilsol‘illg ii posii‘r ('(ill-
--I. the \llllllt‘l' of which will rc-
l‘t’l\t' :1 prize of II“? dollars. The
deridimc for this contest will be lt‘rl-
dnj. April ‘31. The posters tire to
‘iniic the lidvcrtlscmciit of “Crudlc
Hung" us the lllt‘lllt'. They Will be
judged by Miss (il'licc Mnrtlll, ill-
.‘.ll‘ll('l(ll' lll url. and Miss Ruth 1').
lliltchiils, ussisliilit professor of fine
lll'ls.

College to Recess
Miss Elixubi'th Von l)cnburgh.
rcgistl'ul‘. llus llllll()llllf‘t‘(l tllut the.
college will recess chlicsduy lifter-
Cilisscs will

Students are ad—

 

‘ to vacation. will be considered legal.

 

This morning‘s assembly will fea— Guests for the dance will include:
Iture an address by Dr. Louis Kress, Dr. Abram R. Brubocher, president,
in cancer expert ill the State Depart- [and Mrs. Brubac‘her; Dr. Milton G.
lmellt of Health. iNeison. dean. and Mrs. Nelson; Miss
Dr. Kl'css' appearance here is pal‘tchlen H. Moreland, dean of stu-
.of a state-wide campaign in whichldents; Miss Marion Chesebi‘ough,
cancer expert is being sent byinstruetor in Latin; Dr. Robert W.
ltho health department to all statciF‘l'ederick, professor of education,
institutions. The purpose of such and Mrs. Frederick.
’21 campaign is to spread general] Mr. William G. Hardy. instructor
knowledge and information about.in English. and Mrs. Hardy; Dr.
cancer. to relieve anxiety about the Harry Hastings, professor of Elig-
disense. and to give some idea about llsh, and Mrs. Hastings; Dr. J. Allan
what to do in the early stages of Hicks, professor of guidance, and
the disease. .Mrs. Hicks; Dr. Caroline Lester. in-
The rclilaining port of the assem- lstructor iii mathematics; Mr. Wal-
bly hoiir will be given over to nomin- liice Taylor, assistant professor and
:itions for three delegates to the supervisor of social studies.
‘Middle Allantic Regional conference CllilllC‘l'OllBS for the evening are:
of the NSFA. to be held at UlllOlliMl‘, Paul G. Bulger, secretary of
college. on April 28. 29. and 30. the Appointment bureau. and Mrs.
’l‘hcso delegates will be chosenBuiger; Mr. Edward L. Cooper. in-
froin the junior class and will ac~istructor in commerce, and Mrs.
company Joseph Cappiello, '40, per—iCOOpcr; Mr. G. Elliot Hatﬁeld. in-
imuncnt NSFA secretary and dele-lstriictor ill physical education and
l.’.ill(‘ of Stutr- college. as officiill‘zithletic coach. and Mrs. Hatfield;
Shite rcprcscutotivcs iii. the confcr- ,Mr. Adam A. Walker, professor of
economies. mid Mrs. Walker.

 

 

t‘llCl‘.

History Trips Onward, Upward
With Smiling Sophomore Class

 

by “Oil Dower  ' ~ ' ' ' ' '
Wliui, bcsidcs Christmas brotlgiltidmm’ We, SI’OIISOI'O‘L and I“ May
spirit. hilsllc-iilld—bllsllc, and l'(!(l‘[hul' “WHO'S-‘7; {will SHUT“ for
iribbons to State lust l'i‘iil'?? 'Tllc,lJ°l)"§"‘- Dot!!!“ New W,” 5115’
«loss oi ‘41! lYUll uin't lomun'iii1mm?) 0111' 31011005 VICIOI'ICS in
iltxucily 501 days ago illl ll\'illllllCllt' “"9” or “W mu" Mm'mli‘lll) Day
1,” Album. and we do,” mink oyclits and lllt‘ resulting tie til the
H“, mil-“.11 my mm recovered Wt. rivalry score climaxed it perfect
It‘ll'sl l'llllll‘ tho full—crowded days WI”-
oi' rump, tests. and receptions. that Buck again this full under the
intake up the introduction to every,lciidcrshlp of Mike, Micky. Mc—
i-liiss‘s history. But wore we. llist‘f‘i'cory. mid Mcsek. 1941 is in the
work frosh, ('(lllll‘lll. with regular  process of showing this year's hund—
l'tlllllllt' illltl precedent? No. We i plckcd crop of infants exactly where
stepped right up and bccmnc illc;lo get off. With Louisa Chupllliin’s
reason for it "censor cluss stunts" iiudiligof their brother (second billi—
cimipuigli us ll result of it little girdle ‘ ilcr discovery in two years ~wc've
‘,oplsodi-. Wc. \i’t’l'c priiiclpuls ill the got the record. We huvci), and with
llurimg riot and become the first our victories ill nearly all the riv—
t'rcshmim class to be affected by ulry contests. and with ollr captur-
lllt‘ ruling prohibiting lilifn‘gtllllzctLIHg Isllum Jones for Soiree—well,
iriviilry. we think We have reason to be pretty
Willi Smith and Dower. Mesek proud.
and Bl‘llckcl‘ its ollr officers and So come on, gang, let's keep it
lllu jolly juniors us oiir guiding up. There are more events to
come, and We're even being giVen a
idly --~tlie outstanding events of the‘ciliince to make another mascot a

 

 

 

 

but at least we're making it see
Ill Mlll'CIl came the All-State RED!

 
    
    
 
 
  
   
 
    
   
 
   
    
 
    
    
   
    
 
   
   
    
       
     
 
     
    

  

 
   
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
 
 
  

     
  
  
     
     
    
   
  
  
 
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
  
     
  
   

    

 
 

