 

 

Page 2

STATE C()I.I.l’.(il"'. NEWS. MAY 1

 

3» I93‘)

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEwsl

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers

News Board representing the Student Association

i
l
l
Published every Friday of the college year by the l
l
l

Telephones: Office. 5-9373; O'Hora. 3-2843; Strong.
2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzi. 3-9538
Entcrcd as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY

National Advertising Serwce, lnc.
College Publisher: Representative
420 MADISON Ave. New YORK.N.Y.
CHICAGO ' BOEYDN ' L05 ANGELI! ‘ SAN FRANCISCO

THE NEWS BOARD

JaAn STRONG Editor—in—Ctri’c/
EDoAii B. O'HoiiA Co-Editor-in-Clricf
Reamer E. HERTWIG Managing Editor
OTTO J. Howu Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. KoWALskv
SALLY E. Yoono
VICTORIA A. .8le
JOAN M. BYRON
GRACE B. CAsTiomsir

TAF F
Charles Fran'lElli-riE  5 Men's Sports Editor
Betty Clark l'Vomcn’s Sports Editor
William Ryan Assistant Sports Editor
Joseph Bosley Assistant Sports Editor

Feature. Editors
Saul Greenwald Charles Walsh

Assistants to Business Board
Assistant Business Manager  . .. Harriet SpragUe
Assistant Advertising Manager Kenneth Huser
Assistant Circulation Manager .. . Mary Gabriel

.2. 8. .50.?

We. who have been thoroughly drilled in the
State Regents exams tradition, have learned one
lesson well. We expect to be able to prove till we
say. if we said that the square of the hypotenuse
was equal to the sum of the square of the two sides
of a triangle in geometry, we were expected to show
not only the statement but how we proved it. lf
we said Macbeth was an interesting character. we
learned that we had to give specific examples, to
Most of us liarned lllltl lesson

Associate Managing Editor
Business Manager
Advertising Manager
Circulation Manager

 

prove our point.
well. and it showed up strikingly last week in .isscm-
blv when the committee reported on the I'ri/irgogirr
proposal.

The committee. 31.1 appointed by our president.
was instructed to investigate whether or not it would
be feasible to include the Perl on next year's associa-
tion budget, and how that could be accomplished.
However, when that report was read in last week's
meeting, of what did it consist?

1. That the student hotly was in favor of the
proposal. liar be it from us to belittle. but that
served a little superfluous. The proposal is highly
desirable.

2. 'l‘lirit the majority of the students would be
willing to pay an extra dollar to support this
increase.

These facts are of significance. to be sure. btii
then the complete report was. stated in so rnriny
WUFlln. "It can be done. We offer the following
resolution  Here is where our analogy holds
good. We were glad to hear the favorable report
of the tomiiiitfct'. but we maintain that they gave
it.» no indication ti‘i to how the feat could be at:-

l‘ltﬁtll'f's before Wi‘ decide to jeopardize the future

fottings ofAn Idiot

- Commentstater
Best Comment of the lt’cck is by the faculty incin-
ber who said. "Well the budget cut did one thing for
the faculty. at least. it took their minds off the Euro—
pean crisis."
It seems to its that it must have been a good thing
for the student body too. because none of us have been

 

 

 

swallowing goldfish or mice yet.

9 i

In the swing field a new band has appeared on the

- radio scene lately that for hot music rates near the
top. This band is the one that plays the blues, Woody

Associate Managing Editor .

Herman. His clarinet rates with Goodman and Shaw.
sounding a lot like Artie. His theme song has that
same haunting wail that Shaw's Nightmare has and
he features blues in the old time manner. He looks
like the comer in the swing field. so I‘d recommend
yoti lovers of swing to listen in.

Down at Nick‘s in Greenwich Village. New York.
Bobby Hackett‘s Dixieland crew has been replaced by
Goodman‘s old arranger. Spuds Murphy. atid his crew,
His hand is a little ragged yet on its Bluebird record-
ings but it should develop into one of the best.

The ac: trumpet man of Goodman's band. Harry
James. has a crew that should rate with the best while
bands in the country after he smooths out the rough
edges. He needs a good clarinet and when he gets
this he’ll be there.

The fast band winch I'll mention is the other blues
band you've all been hearing and that is Jack Tea~
gardens musicrew. The man who sounds like he's
singing while flat on his back is rough yet. and his
trombone section is too predominant. but Jackson 1t.
too good it musician to let this exist long. so we'll ex-
pect him to be racing Goodman. Basie. Shaw. and
Ellington for King of Swing next year at this time.

[)1 nim-rirri/ seems to have triumphed in this school
if this week's election means anything. The, polls were
packed all day, And everything seemed to go smooth-
ly leaving one to believe that the little, raid on the
assembly did do its some good.

.iloi'iiig-up [Jan h- ncxt Friday as all of you know
The upperclassmi-n know enough to realize how im»
portant it is. but oftimes some little freshman doesn't
realm» its significance until after he has overslept the
morning session. We expect to see you all there.
(‘iood luck. Juniors.

Concert-ed Action

For the second tiriie in it riioiith. student initia—
tive has taken :1 positive and constructivi- form The
first incident. [hill of the budget protest. was transi-
tory. but the second had .'i strength and character
that marks it
course. to the symphony ortliestrzi. which lililtlt' fix

with permanency. We refer. of
debut last week.

It was a superior job. gritoiiiplished under try-
were
We are

big and discouraging conditions, We more
concerned with its success than its effort.
ashamed that our pat on the back is \t) untimely.
for we feel that it Would liziye been more :ippret |;flt‘tl
early in the year.

All we can do is to attempt to make up for thin
oversight. 'l‘lie \lUtlt'lll body llliitlt‘ the first move
in the right direction. It was heartening to ace ti
sophisticated student body, hardened to \lUtlt‘fll

. talent of :ill kinds. rise to its feet spontaneously in

’ tribute to the on liesti'a
coniplishcd. We demand it real report of facts and ,

of the other lltll\'llft’<. and the meditul fund of the ;

budget llli‘ ~tziteinenl

was not enougb' (on an extra dollar pay for the

I’i'i/irgogrir', and if so. how" Il‘llt‘ ~~luilctil bodv

happily realized that there Wih more to llll'

IfUi‘slltJfl than this ttlH‘f-illl report and put on

‘.tillng tinlif the lllt‘ilztlft‘ tould be titli‘tlllilll'l‘. ca.
plniinzd and do: uracil.
«,l‘llll‘ the

'l'odtiy we hate

tlt‘llllflt'l‘. \\ c

.ili opportunity to

audition ilcrihtiitl from llli‘ tom-

lllllll‘t‘ more than lllt'ff .i‘wlff'i'illtt' that ii 1.1“ in

door- We want to know how, and .ts tux: payer». we
feel llltll the report of the totiiiiiiltce should bc llllilt
alii‘tlllt and tarry through the analogy. We .‘lli‘
more than willing to admit the I’i'rlogogm', but v.1-
will not write ‘2 l‘i.l). to the proposition, until Wt'

know how it «an be provt'tl

was encouraging. but iti

’l'h.it gesture. sinceri- .iiid gratifying its it wzrs.

we riot enough. We trill do much more If there
.flt‘ forty people in the \tlltltll who will work on

r-fll h :r projctt merely for hive of if. (llltl if the re-

~u|tx of this \\Iill\’ so genuinely pleuw the whole‘

~lllfll'lll boil). ll tcrluiiily tll‘l'fu's lllt‘ lil‘llllilllt‘llt\
and support If liiin toque-led

W lif'll the budget mine up before the timembh
lllt'll‘ H)“ be .r large .ippropii.itioii for .\ltl:ilt ttlllll
tll llou rould llll~ money be better used lllifll to
~ub~.idi/c. .ll lt'ifr-l fll p.nl »uth .i worthwhile organ

I/tfllliil’ We .ippiotc of gut->1 .iiiisl». bul, ill .fll

funne~ \ti- fhmlv. the money «.liould be used to hit l.
(liflwllllt Inely zi lt‘iil ll lllt‘

to supplying the

\llltll‘lll t'lllt‘l'lil'lt-t'

tollegi- orgniiimtion. devoted

musical diet for State tollcgc. runnol ~~llp|wll it.
own talent. then we my it has failed miserably iiiftl
we tannol justify it:-.

Hilllllfflitlltt‘ Here is .‘l llli'll‘

huge in student taxpayers Will you airepl it?

Forum Approves
Yearbook Plan

Panel Group Will Conduct,

Discussion with Y.W.C.A.;
Weed to Be Head

 

At its renewed session on Tues-
day. May 9, the Political Forum ap-
proved the revised constitution as
[submitted by Sadie Flax, '40. who
represented the Constitution Revi-
‘sloii committee. Among the new
.provlsions in the constitution is that
clause which requires all committee
reports to be submitted to the

iForum for action no later than one.

,month after the committee has been
rformed.
Pass Resolutions

Two resolutions were reported
from committees and passed. Louise
chssney. '40. read the report of the
‘Pr'dagugiu' committee. and the For-
.um passed in favor of making the
tPcdiigogur' a student publication and
ladding one dollar to the student tax
‘to take care of the expense.

After a heated discussion in which
‘Michael Walko. Mary Margaret
Poppa. seniors. and Fred Weed. '40.
played major roles. the Forum
passed in favor of the following
resolution as reported to the Forum
by Mary Margaret Pappa. chairman:
"Resolved: That this forum go on
record as favoring the government
ownership and operation of railroads
iii the United States."

Panel Discussion

On Wednesday evening. from 8:00
:to 11:00 o'clock ill the lounge of
Richardson hall. the Forum panel
group will conduct a discussion panel
with the Y.W.C.A. industrial group
on the subject of "Housing."
Betty Fallon. '39. co-dlrector
of the panel group. is iii charge of
the panel.

Robert Cogger. sp ’ukcr. announced
that the Forum's calendar for its
next and last regular meeting in-
t‘llldt‘r. committee reports on the
Immigration Law. Reciprocal Trade
Agreements. and the NLRB.

At its session on May 2. the fol—
lowing officers Were elected for the
year 1939-1940: speaker. Fred Weed.
'40; clerk Patti (irattan ‘41; and
treasurer. Norman De Neef. '40

 

State
of
Affairs

.______ ('.l£.“'.

Sometimes the results of our movie
mogul's attempts to inlrror college
life are. to say the leastrwtcrrtfic.
Take that current opus—Ave aren't
sure of the name. but it has to do
with the antics of the Greek letter
gals in inveigflng freshmen for the
ranks. It would appear. to the
uninitiated that sorority rushing is
,a sort of combination of socialized
football and kidnapping. Not that
We're idealists. rnlnd you . such
things may. and undoubtedly do, go
on. but not here. and we think that
they're more apt to be the exception.
even in the most practical schools.
‘lrather than it general condition.
'Miiybr- such films gave people the

queer ideas lllt'_\’ get about "the
youth of our nation."

. . . .
New Books. We haven't seen

too many For the music mongers.
’I'Io Kingdom «1/ String. by Benin
tioorfriinri and trying Kalodin. is
worth looking up
on \Mllllf interspersetf throughout
the \Ullillil‘ ill't‘ among the best on
fire .lll)Jt‘f‘l

And report fire. it that Hi-i'lbiicr":.

fun, ll‘:l‘i'tl publication .llibl. tllf‘
Ullfl'l' of llll"l‘ lliifiiiciul tilllltbll'tr
“Lt” Home of the bent lift-run
‘.‘.lill’i iii llfl' country bio. t'tlllfl' from

l|:. |1il;’,l A.

(food new for the mentors. itc-

poil‘. lioin At‘l’ f.lltlt' that college
t'liiil.. illl‘lfl .t) l)litl till l"ft;lll'ltr
low 'l‘.ll more than 1112'. l1ll\'t‘
fit it! bci-ii oii relic! incidentally
[nulll‘ll‘i' tl-l'r of flu- llll'll itlltl lif1'v

of lllt‘ woiiicri Il'])tll‘ll'(l any i‘tlllllt‘t
tion l)l'lWl‘t’ll llfl‘ll 1111'34‘lll Work llfltl
Iiicir tollcgr- mulor which liter Wl'
nine \oii gruff:-

(lllll‘l llfltfl't'hlllll' flgtiic.. Wt‘li'
Ilio:.i- noting lllill 'tli’. of the men
'uiid bZ'i of thr- wonicii pct married
We're not miitli tuition. hut, isn'l
Ilicri- itil lIifci'pi‘elsilfoii there :-.oiiie
place?

Klilt)(llll'.‘i essays.

 

. Kampus

Kapers

 

 

Arnold Bennett wrote a book called
{Hour to Lire on Ticciitg—loar Hours
;a Day. We repeat: how? May is
.uncomfortably close to June. and
there doesn't seem to be time enough

:to do all that must be done.
1 Friday is the time for the girl
friend to Show the boy friend what a
date should be. We're not quite
sure about the band. though reports
are favorable. The bids are attrac-
tive. the decorations decorative. and
we hope the evening fair and warm-
er. And that isn't all—the gaLs
don't do things half-way. To corn-
plete the weekend the sorority
houses will be decked out for house
formats on Saturday night. The
'usual migration f'rom house to house
is anticipated. IBc sure the skele-
tons are well hidden. girlst.

On our way to Washington Park
the other day via Draper and the
front steps we noticed a class sit-
ting on the steps in front of the
library. Continuing on otir way We
found another class in front of Page,
‘Our taste in professors runs to the
kind who knows a nice day when
he sees it. Who cares about the
ants?

The International Relations club
did a nice piece of workmnot only
in advertising the Dug-out dinner.
btit in presenting a novel idea with
ti purpose behind it. This Week. too.
the CNN”! Song posters. which are
out to win a prize. have been worth
looking at.

in a list of important State cob
lege events. 1938—139, surely toward
the top would be, the Ul‘gtifllZliLlOll
of the State College Symphony or—
chestra. Pcarlinan and Hirsch. the
conductors. and the whole orchestra
deserved the spontaneous rising vote
of appreciation they received. It
was certainly an acknowledgment
of talent and effort; btit more than
that. could it have been perhaps
a realization that outside of the
narrow ready—made world We think
important there are others initiat—
ing worth—while things without
benefit of the public eye?

Note taken at the Albany Hos-
pital: Janice Friedman's pulse rose
from on to 80 after a visit from
Lenny Fricdfander.

Appointment
Bureau

Four seniors and seven graduates
have received teaching positions, ac-
cording to Paul G. Bulger. person—
nel director.

* The five senior placements are:
Anne Burr. social studies at Akron;
Mary Agnes Metzger. English and
library at North Lawrence; Marlon
‘Rockefcller. social studies and
mathematics at Germantowri; Clara
Metcalf, history and library at
Franklin; and Michael Walko. com-
mech at Hermon.

The graduate
(Jerald Aiiiyot, ‘36
mg at Cohoes; A. W. Armitagc.
,Jr. grad. commerce at Windsor,
Edwin Juckctt. '25. principalship at
Hyde Park. Robert MacUregor. ‘37,
science at ’iiuling; Virginia Many.
'35. library at Corning. Alice ()wcn.
'35. social studies at (liens Falls;
and Miriam Scott. grad. library
at Copenhagen; Ida liesdesky. grad,
,French. English :it Kerhonkson,
Marjorie Kulaidliun. 'Iiti. commerce
at ():.:.niing, llt'lt‘ll Martin. grad.
French. history at l’otter:~.villc, Ruth
Market grad l‘llll.§lll~.ll at lioonvilfc;
li’illiuni Metiiuw. 3’]. science muffle.
isirttii':. lll l.:iii:.lligburg; ltt'u 1.21 tlrlui
Zi'l tll'illlfliilt' iil lfl'tl Hoof:

placements are
teaching-coach-

Juniors Will Compete
With Seniors in Debate
'1'ln- mentor «it hurt» Icuni wtll clash

Wllll tfie Ifllillll‘ lll llfl' tlt't'ltll't‘ file

lI'l lf\:ill'. tubule of llfl' \t‘ilf‘ ch

llt‘Iitlil‘. .il l Jill Ii‘t'lot'l’. lll llli'

llfllllll’l' of lilt‘llliltl'.tili liiill 'l'llt’
lllllt't'l l lioolyr-H 'f'lilil flit‘
llilili‘t‘iifli illlll louilt-t'iilb giiulet.

.fiotllil bi .itltfitl to life [)lllJlll‘ :.t'fiool
‘.:ti-iii '

'l‘fn~ llll’llfllt‘li. of llll' :-.ciilor learn
ili't' ltiehard l.oii:.rlrrlc couch. Marion

Minsl fluke lieii-li and liiiyiiioiitf
Wuffcic. 'l'fnv lliilllil' ll‘ftili l'tiflhloll. of
Walter lliiiper. Willard l"l‘lifl1i‘lfl.

and lliulkcff lto..elilicl'l4

 

   

 

 

 

wands...”

egioie Digest

’i\.r i?

‘r turn: '/ll

 

 

 

   

    

Saulal Honor And

John H. Vonclell
Massachusetts State College
Fifi the second year, ‘Collegiate Digest presents its Salon Edition -— a special
showmg of the best in student and totally photography this year. Featuring
p otographs selected from hundreds 'submitted in a nation-wide contest, we

believe this Salon Edition is a ' '
‘ great tribute to the sloll and artistr 0 '~
land 5 camera masters. V ‘ conege

HGrumpy"

 

g,»

 

