 

 

    
   
  

   
    
   
  
 

  

"“ u W'Wl‘amnxwxmwm- ‘

 

 

 

 

  

Page i i _ , .
STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; O'Hora, 3-2843; Strong,
‘ 2-9707; Hertwig, 3-2889; Bilzl, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

IIVEEBINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIBtNG IV

National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publisher: Repruenlau've
azo’MAoIoou Ave. New YonK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ‘ IOIYOI ' LDI AIGILII ' SAN 'lAlCllCO

THE NEWS BOARD

JsAN Srnouc ...... ..   Editor-in-Chie]
Eooxa B. O’Honx   Co-Editor-in-Chief
ROBERT E. Henrwrc . ..... .. Managing Editor
O'r'ro J. Hows   Associate Managing Editor
LEONARD E. Kothsxv .. Associate Managing Editor
SALLY E. Younc  .. Associate Managing Editor
VICTORM A. BILZI    Business Manager
JOAN M. BrnoN   Advertising Manager
Gases B. strrouna .... .. Circulation Manager

THE NEWS STAFF '
Charles Franklin   Men's Sports Editor
Betty Clark ..    .. Women’s Sports Editor
William Ryan   ..  ., ,. Assistant Sports Editor
Joseph Bosley . .. . ..  Assistant Sports Editor
Feature Editors
Saul Greenwald Charles Walsh

Assistants to Business Board

 
  
 

 

 

  
 
  
 

  

 

Assistant Business Manager ................ .. Harriet Sprague
Assistant Advertising Manager .......... .. Kenneth Haser ,
Assistant Circulation Manager .............. .. Mary Gabriel ‘

 

.2. 8. 1).? 3

We, who have been thoroughly drilled in the
State Regents exams tradition, have learned one?
lesson well. We expect to be able to prove all we
say. if we said that the square of the hypotenuse
was equal to the sum of the square of the two sides
of a triangle in geometry, we were expected to show ,
not only the statement but how we proved it. If l
we said Macbeth was an interesting character, we
learned that we had to give specific examples to j
prove our point. Most of us learned that lesson 
well, and it showed up strikingly last week in assem- |
bly when the committee reported on the l’cdrzgoguc ',
proposal.

The committee, as appointed by our president, ‘
was instructed to investigate whether or not it would ,
be feasible to include the Perl on next year's associa- .
tion budget, and how that could be accomplished.
However, when that report was read in last week’s
meeting, of what did it consist?

i. That the student body was in favor of the
proposal. Far be it from us to belittle, but that
served a little superfluous. The preposal is highly
desirable.

2. That the majority of the students would be
willing to pay an extra dollar to support this
increase.

These facts are of significance, to be sure, but
then the complete report was, stated in so many
words, “It can be done. We offer the following
resolution . . ." Here is where our analogy holds
good. We were glad to hear the favorable report
of the committee, but we maintain that they gave
us no indication as to how the feat could be ac-
complished. We demand a real report of facts and
figures before we decide to jeopardize the future
of the other activities and the medical fund of the
budget. The statement was encouraging, but it
was not enough! (fan an extra dollar pay for the
I‘crlugoguc, and if so, how? The student body
happily realized that there was more to the
question than this cover—all report, and put off
voting until the measure could be adequately ex-
plained and discussed.

Today we have an opportunity to settle the
situation definitely. We demand from the com—
mittce more than their assurance that it can be
done. We want to know how, and as tax payers We
feel that the report of the committee should he more
specific and carry through the analogy. We are
more than willing to admit the l’crlagoguc, but We
will not write Qi‘LD. to the proposition, until we

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. MAY 12, 1939

 

failings of An Idiot

Commentstater

Best Comment of the Week. is by the faculty mem-
ber who said, "Well the budget cut did one thing for
the faculty, at least, it took their minds off the Euro-
pean crisis.”

It seems to us that it must haVe been a good thing
for the student body too, because none of us have been
swallowing goldfish or mice yet.

it 1| It 11 (x

In the swing field a new band has appeared on the
radio scene lately that for hot music rates near the
top. This band is the one that plays the blues, Woody
Herman. His clarinet rates with Goodman and Shaw,
sounding a lot like Artie. His theme song has that
same haunting wall that Shaw’s Nightmare has and
he features blues in the old time manner. He looks
like the comer in the swing field, so I’d recommend
you lovers of swing to listen in.

Down at Nick's in Greenwich Village, New York,
Bobby Hackett's Dixieland crew has been replaced by
Goodman's old arranger, Spuds Murphy, and his crew.
His hand is a little ragged yet on its Bluebird record-
ings but it should develop into one of the best.

The nee trumpet man of Goodman's band, Harry
James, has a crew that should rate with the best white
bands in the country after he smooths out the rough
edges. He needs a good clarinet and when he gets
this he‘ll be there.

The last band which I'll mention is the other blues

 

 

i band you've all been hearing and that is Jack Tea-

garden's musicrew. The man who sounds like he’s
singing while flat on his back is rough yet. and his
trombone section is too predominant, but Jackson is
too good a musician to let this exist long. so we'll ex-
pect him to be racing Goodman, Basie, Shaw, and
Ellington for King of Swing next year at this time.

o (x it e 9

Democracy seems to have triumphed in this school
if this week’s election means anything. The polls were
packed all day. And everything seemed to go smooth-
ly leaving one to believe that the little raid on the
assembly did do Us some good.

1! 11 d: t “.1

Moving-up Day is next Friday as all of you know.
The upperclassmen know enough to realize how im-
portant it is, but oftlmes some little freshman doesn't
realize its significance until after he has over-slept the
morning session.
Good luck, Juniors.

Concert-cal Action

For the second time in a month, student initia-
tive has taken a positive and constructive form. The
first incident, that of the budget protest, was transi-
tory, but the second had a strength and character
that marks it with permanency. We refer, of
course, to the symphony orchestra. which made its
debut last week.

it was a superior job, accomplished under try-
ing and discouraging conditions. We were more
concerned with its success than its effort. We are
ashamed that our pat on the back is so untimely,
for we feel that it would have been more appreciated
early in the year.

All we can do is to attempt to make up for that
oversight. The student body made the first move
in the right direction. it was heartening to see a
sophisticated student body, hardened to student
talent of all kinds, rise to its feet spontaneously in
tribute to the orchestra.

'l'hat gesture, sincere and gratifying as it was,
was not enough. We can do much more. if there
are forty people in the school who will work on
such a project merely for love of it, and if the re-
sults of this work so genuinely please the whole
student body, it certainly deserves the permzunrncy
and support it. has rcqmmted.

When the budget comes up before the assembly.
there will be a large appropriation for Music coun—
ill. How could this money be better used than to
subsidize, at least in part, such a worthwhile organ-
ization? We approve of gun-st artists, but, in all
fairness, we think the money should be used to buck
constructively a real student enterprise. If the
college organization, devoted to supplying the
musical diet for State college, cannot support its
own talent, then We say it has failed miserably and
we cannot justify its continuance. Here is a chal-

 

know how it can be proved.

lenge to student taxpayers. Will you accept it?

I

lForum Approves
l Yeghgk Plan

|

jPanel Group Will Conduct

5 Discussion with Y.W.C.A.;
Weed to Be Head

At its renewed session on Tues-
day, May 9, the Political Forum ap-
proved the revised constitution as
submitted by Sadie Flax, ’40, who
represented the Constitution Revi-
sion committee. Among the new
provisions in the constitution is that
clause which requires all committee
reports to be submitted to the
Forum for action no later than one
month after'the committee has been
formed.

Pass Resolutions

Two resolutions were reported
from committees and passed. Louise
Hessney, ’40, read the report of the
Pedagogae committee, and the For-
um passed in favor of making the
Pedagogne a student publication and
adding one dollar to the student tax
to take care of the expense.

After a heated discussion in which
Michael Walko, Mary Margaret
Pappa, seniors, and Fred Weed, ’40.
played major roles, the Forum
passed in favor of the following
resolution as reported to the Forum
by Mary Margaret Pappa, chairman:
“Resolved: That this forum go on
record as favoring the government
ownership and operation of railroads
in the United States."

Panel Discussion

On Wednesday evening, from 8:00
to 11:00 o'clock in the Lounge of
Richardson hall, the Forum panel
group will conduct a discussion panel
with the Y.W.C.A. industrial group
on the subject of “Housing.”
Betty Fallon, ‘39, co-director
of the panel group, is in charge of
the panel. -

Robert Cogger, speaker, announced
that the Forum's calendar for its
next and last regular meeting in-
cludes committee reports on the
Immigration Law, Reciprocal Trade
Agreements, and the N.L.R.B.

 

i
l
v
i

We expect to see you all there. 1

l
l

At its session on May 2, the fol-

lowing officers were elected for the,

year 1939-1940: speaker, Fred Weed,
'40; clerk, Paul Grattan, '41: and
treasurer, Norman De Neef, '40.

 

State
of
Affairs

C.E.W.

mogul's attempts to mirror college
life are, to say the least,—terrific.
Take that current opus—We aren't
sure of the name, but it has to do
with the antics of the Greek letter
gals in lnvetgiing freshmen for the
ranks. It would appear, to the
uninitiated. that sorority rushing is
a sort of combination of socialized
football and kidnapping. Not that
we're ldealists, mind you . . . such
things may, and undoubtedly do, go
on. but not here, and we think that
they're more apt to be the exception.
even in the most practical schools.
rather than a general condition.
Maybe such films gave people the
queer ideas they get about “the
youth of our nation."
~ ! 0 O

New Books: We haven't seen
too many. For the music mongers,
The Kingdom of Swing, by Benny
Goodman and Irving Kalodln, is
worth looking up. Kulodin‘c essays
on swing, interspersed throughout
the volume, are among the best on
the subject.

And report has it that Herthncr's
has conned publication. Just on-
other of tllume thumclul catastrw
plies. Home of the best literary
work in the country has come from
its pages,

(loud new for the seniors: Re-
ports from ACI’ state that college
gratin aren’t. so bad off, Figures
show that. more than 08% have
never been on relief. incidentally,
exactly tli't. of the men and 55%
of the women reported any connec-
tlon between their present work and
their college luujol‘, which fact we
give you gratis.

Other interesting figures Were
those stating that 75% of the men
and 52% of the women get married.
We're not muth majors but isn’t
there an interpretation there some
place?

 

Sometimes the results of our movie

 

Kampus

Kape rs

 

 

Arnold Bennett wrote a book called
How to Live on Twenty-four Hours
a Day. We repeat: how? May is
uncomfortably close to June, and
there doesn’t seem to be time enough
to do all that must be done.

Friday is the time for the girl
friend to show the boy friend what a
date should be. We're not quite
sure about the band, though reports
are favorable. The bids are attrac-
tive, the decorations decorative, and
we hope the evening fair and warm-
er. And that isn‘t all—the gals
don't do things half-way. To com-
plete the weekend the sorority
houses will be decked out for house
formats on Saturday night. The
usual migration from house to home
is anticipated. (Be sure the skele-
tons are Well hidden, girls).

On our way to Washington Park
the other day via Draper and the
front steps we noticed a class sit-
ting on the steps in front of the
library. Continuing on our way we
found another class in front of Page.
Our taste in professors runs to the
kind who knows a nice day when
he sees it. Who cares about the
ants?

The International Relations club
did a nice piece of work—not only
in advertising the Dug-out dinner,
but in presenting a novel idea with
a purpose behind it. This week, too.
the Cradle Song posters. Which are
out to win a prize. have been worth
looking at.

In a list of important State col~
lege events, 1938—39, surely toward
the top would be the organization
of the State College Symphony or-
chestra. Pearlman and Hirsch, the
conductors, and the whole orchestra
deserved the spontaneous rising vote
of appreciation they received. It
was certainly an acknowledgment
of talent and effort; but more than
that, could it have been perhaps
a realization that outside of the
lnarrow ready-made world We think
important there are others initiat-
rtng worth—while things without
benefit of the public eye?

Note taken at the Albany Hos-
jpital: Janice Friedman's pulse rose
lt'rom 60 to 80 after a visit from
Lenny Friedlander.

 

 

 

l Appointment
Bureau

Four seniors and schn graduates
have received teaching positions, ac-
cording to Paul G. Bulgcr, person—
nel director.

The live senior placements are;
Anne Burr, social studies at Akron;
Mary Agnes Metzger, English and
library at North Lawrence; Marion
Rockefeller, social studies and
mathematics at Germantown; Clara
Metcalf, history and library at
Franklin; and Michael Walko, corn-
mcrce at Hermon.

The graduate placements are:
Gerald Amyot, '36, teaching—coach-
ing at Cohoes; A. W. Armitage.
Jr., grad, commerce at. Windsor;
Edwin Juckett, '25, principalship at
Hyde Park; Robert MacGregor, '37.
science at. Pauling; Virginia Many.
'35, library at Corning; Alice Owon.
'35, social studies at Glens Falls;
and Miriam Scott, grad, library
at Copenhagen; Ida Bcsdesky, grad,
French, English at Kerhonkson;
Marjorie Kalaldjiun, '36, commerce
ut Ossinlng; Hclcn Martin, grads
French. history at I’ottcrsvillc; Ruth
,Mnckcy, grad, English at iloonvlllc;
William Mc(lrnw. '37, science, mnthc-
mutton at llunslnghlu'g; ltcu Lu (iron,
'37, drumutlcn at Red Hook.

Juniors Will Compete
With Seniors in Debate

The senior debate team will clash
with the Juniors in the docisfvn lu—
tcr-I'ivuh'y (tobatc of the your, Wod-
ncndny at 3:30 o'clock in the
Lounge ot‘ ltlchurdson hall. The
subject is "lo-towed: That the
thirteenth und fourteenth grades
should he added to the public school
system."

The n‘icmbcrs ot' the senior team
are ltlchnrd Lonsdulo, coach, Marlon
‘Mlnst, liukc Hersh, and Raymond
,Walters. The Junior team consists of
‘Wnltcr Harper, Willard Frannsnt,
rand I-Iuskcll I'toscnbcrg.

 

..,.,...-‘—.gm.\m-:x‘.ri="—e~ka .

“$3..

 

 

 

v wm_....__-~w/_._._t_.._ w ,me

 

 

Which” Brought On I Co-od Revolt

 . .- when Cro’i hton University iootbollcrs grow long boards to help Omaha colobuto "Golden
Splice Days . he revolt ended in o barbershop with the co-cds proving they could he adopt
with brush and razor when the occasion demon ed.

3.

o Five t
moyonnoiufi:
city at liiinois.

 
 
  

  
 
 

    

foilvol),

new sniping record of

   

  
  
 
 

   
  
 

   
 

' Marshall l

Minutes, B... L
"cord.

  

ti.l‘i’.?i:h§3’tfti"“"°
‘ " I. u . 
\l  

 

  
 
  

  
 
  
   
  
 

  
  

 
     
      
     
    
   
     
      
      
 
  
       
 

 
 
 
 

  
  
     
 

 
  
  
  

   
  

   

. Oﬂicioli Consido New loch lieu-d h :.\Vunln ,Gm . R .  W p

l «b, r  
:E:::;I.$jl.l‘”a Emzﬂghvdolhljlmubbpilrothaljdcooah‘ dgmtméult'n Ithe now y. n . "m. fellowlnu'h'ii‘ﬁ‘lllou, until in."
_ I 7‘. . ' I. r I '1
mm" y"! “'50:” '3‘! ii" ‘Ionio libsr'o‘slillicuii.’ Y " ﬂ . m n "W t Inlet?! Amide

Snatched Wm,
J0 n P

Sm , 
"me, Imozlifll'f.3da4il?hc°'.d‘ ‘0 5

 
 
   
   
   
    
  
   
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
     
   
   
   
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

      
    
    
  
 
  
 
     

  
   

   

felt

  

_ Cd wi
"m"; Univogi
Acmr

"“ Md uuon
Opp!

  

    
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
   

 

 

    
  
       
     
     

‘0 but his

Acne

    
 
      

    

 
   

 

 

