      
  

 
  

 

\w~—:;._ is: .  7..

“ammunwggww «m

 

 

 

Page 2

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, SEPTEMBER 29, 1939

 

 

 

Established by the Class of 1918
Member

Dssocialed Colleoiale Press

Distributor of

Colledrale Didest
’l‘he undergroduute Newupupei‘ of New York State College
for Teachers I
Published every Friday of the college your by the News
liourd representing lire Student Assoclutlon
Telephones: Office, 5-0373; Howe 2-4314; Kownlsky, 2-1243;
Young, 2-0701; Gabriel, 3-0538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postoffice

.E’ATE COLLEGE NEWS

IIFIIIIN‘I’ID FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIIING IV

National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420 MADISON Avl. NEW YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO ' BOIVOI ' LOI AIIILII ' 5A! VIAICIICO

THE NEWS BOARD

LsONAnD E. ,KOWALSKY   Editor-in-Ghtef
O'r'ro J. Hows ...... .. C'o-Editor~in-C'llief
SALLY E. Youno .. .. Managing Editor
BA'riuca DOWBii .. '
STPHEN KusAK .
JOHN MURRAY ...... ,.
SAUL GRENWALD .
BETTY CLARK 
MARY GAniuuL

KENNETH HAsnR

THE NEWS STAFF

JAMES MALONnv  .. Men’s Sports Editor
FRANK AUGUSTINE . .. ssistant Sports Editor
ARNOLD ELLsniN ..... ..  Assistant Sports Editor

JUNIOR BUSINESS STAFF
Ralph Clark, Beth Donahue, Miriam Newell, Evelyn
Olivet, Betty Parrott.

SOPHOMORE BUSINESS STAFF
Edward Colmar, Madeline Grunwald, Ira Hirsh, Robert
Leifels, Paul Merritt, Allen Simmons.

Twenty - Third Birthday

Next Wednesday, October 4, marks the twenty-
third anniversary of the STATE COLLEGE NEWS. On
this same day in 1916, a six-page “weekly journal”
made its initial appearance sponsored by a corn-
mittee of the class of 1918. The purpose of the
new publication as explained in a lengthy editorial
was “to make each faction of our student organiza-
tion know and appreciate all others. . . . to work
for co-operation among all sections and for the
solidification of the now separately-wasted energies
in the promotion of a real, distinct, enthusiastic
loyalty to State college. . . ”

Today, as we pause to look back over the twenty—
three years of service that this paper has given to
the student body, we, the 1039-40 board, realize
the debt we owe to our predecessors who have labor-
ed to achieve this purpose. We therefore pledge to
continue the fulfillment of this goal, and to serve
the student body to the utmost of our capacity.

All that we ask is the co-opcration of the student
organizations from which our news is obtained. Our
reporters will be on the job to report whatever in-
formation is necessary for publication, but as to the
accuracy of that information, the organization itself
is responsible. Last year in assembly the phrase,
“Contrary to the statement in the Mars . . . . ”
was a familiar one. As far as we are concerned, the
use of this expression would never occur again.

Abolish Class Reporter

Among the class offices is one which serves as
mere ‘cxccss baggage’. We refer to the position
of class reporter which has no function whatsoever
at the present time. The duty of this office cvi-
dently is to report to the NEWS all class activities.
After three years of contact with the ans, we
have yet to see a class reporter carry out a single
duty.

‘lach week, when weekly assignments are given
to staff reporters, each class is carefully covered
for all activities. Accurate news is thus obtained
by this paper through its own facilities, The exist—
ence, therefore, of a class reporter is wholly ullncccs~
sary.

The abolition of this superfluous office will
mean time and effort saved for all concerned. One
less office in the class elections will cut down the
number of nominations as well as facilitate the
counting of ballots. it is the duty of either Student
council or Myskania to eliminate this waste. We
therefore call upon one of these two bodies to act
upon this matter in the near future.

 

  

  
 
 

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

Associate Editor
Associate Editor
 News Editor
. Sports Editor
.. Business Manager
.. Advertising Manager

 

    
    

 

 

 

 

 

Copious Compliments

Commentstater
Precedent about to be established!

cisms are the order of the day.
gratulatlons to the following:

are our first recipients.
They've already shown talent.
help them get their start.

Tuesday.
Bonﬁre Rally deserves special mention.

established this year. And we heartily approve! 100%
to those who were in charge.

 

 

 

college administration, who make possible a really

 

Ehr'iﬂjplumal

They can’t; keep a good man down,
but they sure can try. . . Last week

(the Hubby-301135

 

for one short column . . . are you I

 

Contrary
to Commentstater’s custom, compliments not criti-

May we, then go on record as extending our con-

“Begin at the beginning," they say, so the frosh
Outward appearances, at
least, point to the class of ’43 as an outstanding one.
So far they’ve res-
ponded With Willingness angﬁgggiieffgmt; :Eﬁgtslatsg way of all, . . . and so haslpne rppre been done,

' ca ms 11
Saturday evening and SCA Fresh Frolic the following day Of that Stuff t ey g
Dancing
in the Ingle room after the bonﬁre was officially

In fact, our pat on the back extends to the State

I good freshman orientation program. It’s a program of

fun and friendship that gently but quickly introduces

What's more, it provides some grand entertainment
for the whole college these first few weeks when work
is still not too burdensome.
State, for a college of its size, has one of the most
effective orientation programs in the country.

Congratulations, too, to our college officers and
faculty for cooperation in working out; an efficient
faculty advisor system. More specific detail can be
found in another column. The important fact to us,
however, is that effort is being made to improve and
modernize the system. Not stationary—but static to
meet changing needs.

Incidentally, the new arrangement of offices in
Draper hall is one step in that direction and an im-
portant one. The records of students are thus more
closely coordinated so that all information can be on
hand immediately.

There is another suggestion We like that is being
thought about. It is that of extending the personnel
system to include upperclassmen. It is very often in
those upperclassmen years that more expert advice is
sorely needed—and lackingt.

We proceed next to the library. Bouquets to those
who conceived the idea of asking for student requests
for new books (the notice is attached to a small box
in the library entrance). It's your opportunity, stu-
dents. Take advantage of it.

We see the brighter side of things even in our
own locale—the “News” office. It may be imagination,
but there seems to be unfamiliar efficiency and order
liereabouts, especially in the handling of the sopho-
more reporters.

And last but not least, our hearty congratulation

 

 

 

 

and perhaps even gratitude to that majority of college
students who according to the Associated Colle-
giate press do not want war hero! Let‘s hope we can
keep saying as much for our entire American public!

 

Student
E m ploymcnt Bureau

 

 

The Student Employment bureau will officially open
its doors to all seniors and graduate students for reg-
istration. beginning next Tuesday.

Registration will take place at Millie high school
in rooms 121A and 121B any time between the hours
of 9:15 o'clock and noon, and also between 1:45 and
4:00 o'clock. Interviews will be carried on according
to the "first come, first servod" manner. Mr. Bulger
will allow about five minutes for each interview. At
this time students will be able to obtain registration
blanks aird to make payment of the registration fee,
Applicants may check their hometown references in
room 121A.

Students will come for appointments at the bureau
on the following days, according to the alphabetical
arrangement of their names:

Monday, October 2, A's and B‘s.

Tuesday, October 3. C’s. D’s, and E‘s.
Wednesday, October 4, F's, G’s, H's. and 1‘s.
Thursday, October 5, J’s, K's, and L's.
Friday, October 0, M‘s, NS, and 0's.
Monday, October 0, P's, Q's, and R's.
Tuesday, October 10, 

Wednesday, October 11, T's thru Z’s.

Those who are unable to obtain interviews on the
days mentioned will be taken care of Thursday and
Friday, October 12 and 13.

 

Communications

 

 

Dear. dear editor:

I know how freshmen are . , . and so do you. You
have to make 'cm feel "at. home" and all that . . . but
after a week or so, maybe some of them shouldn‘t make
themselves so completely "at home," and I’m referring
to those who frequent the Commons. The fresh new
certainly shown their skill t???) in their unwieldly,
shin-ripping, rib-breaking dancing. But, please,
may I appeal to your sense of justice, Mr.
Editor? Couldn't something be done about confining
these St. Vitus dancers to a limited portion of the
Commons? (perhaps under one of the ping-pong tables).
Rope 'em off, if you wish, but for heaven's sakes
somebody, please, do something with them. They're
taking all the Joy out of dancing . . . and I do love

to dance.
A disgruntled Junior

and adjusts the freshman to his new environment.

It is our opinion that

rill. the Ohav Sliolom syl‘ru'oluc 0113 ‘
Washington avonuc. Sadie;a Flax,i so??? omuml' swig” lime“
5'40, has charge of all arrangementsi ‘ m y‘ announces “5 (“scon-

|
l

‘ uol lulr‘r Iliuu 5:00 (I't'fm'lr‘ on tho Wlftlllt‘h'tflll/ of

all columned down from the shock? The response to the prs‘ an.
. . . the Statesman Was reborn . . . quiry, calling all hobbyists to the
only to learn that he Wasn't going colors, has been qmte generous.
to be a statesman any more . - The letters whlch have been. re-
Oh well, the diplomat is as good a coined thus for, show there 13 a
moniker as any . . . tho’ there’s some wide variety of hobbres to be found
QUEStiOD abOUt the new fOI‘ m0“? in the studentbody. and among the
diplomats around State. . . Or do faculty. As lts ftrst hobby, the
YOU call them “politicianS” in News has chosen one of most
French? novel hobbies, ontctwlpch fiwfppo-
' lc would attemp o 0; ye , ’l ms
Well, Activities day has gone the 1) Many hobbies will not
be quite as novel as this_one is,
. . . Evans so, We see that one fi'osh but if they me Of general mtel‘cst,
girl isn't giving Adams about what’s they wrll be published.
what in this little sorprity game . 
Som of the u erc assmen wou ’
glb-siaome for thgpchance of getting now. now, boys and girls, dont be
things down pat, but then, with scared-o-me. I mean no harm—
three months more, they'll stuhl I just collect scarlet kisses from
maker. , . . the market that is at hand—nothing
The bonfire was a big success _ . ..more or less, from both lads and
McKeon was all burned up about,lassies. I know what you think of
the rebel group of German singers ‘me now; but you’re still wrong—;
. . . Kunz he see that he'd get inrwrong grless again. I I
jake if he tried to use too muchi My hobby is quite dignified, more
powell (power to you) with them?lso than my opening sentences has
. . . And then there was the dancing lied you to believe. Here are my ma-
afterwards in the Dorm . . .we sure ‘terials: rouge (that of brilliant
had some trumbull with that girl itexture to make the kisses more lus-
with the whistle . . . You will have ,icious—you girls know what I mean);
to handler it to those kids fromlg‘lycerin, absorbent paper, scrap-
Schenectady; in flux, the

 

My hobby is collecting kisses—-

 

 

 

twins .book and of course patience and dil-
and the girl dot is not their sister jlgence on the part of the operator;
. . . are the best jitterbugs yet to hit at the same time, my hobby requires
istate . . . Curley and Shirley arc subjects who are willing to act as
lquite a dance team too, brit in guinea pigs for my experiments and
|

 

another way . .. Jgo down in my book for future
Can’t go on without pausing for,llist0ry and identification.
a moment's silent reverence to thej A kiss is a kiss as far as many of
old. old grads that were aroundlus are concerned—some may lack
last week-end . . . They seem to be flavor, some fervor, some are heated.
strong-er and healthier than everIsome are cold but to me a kiss is
. , . guess the ades of teaching are impersonal, in fact, an open book—
'still to be found. . . . in means of identification of the
Been down to the Commons . . . party concerned by the printing of
it's that open space, you know, thattlie impress of the kiss upon a sheet
dropped off the balcony . . . anyway, 10f paper, labeled with the name of
been down there, and wouldn't youl‘thc person alongside.
knowlers), I see a certain junior is! Here is how it is done. Glycerin
i

 

 

going in for redheads again this is spread thinly on a sheet of paper
=yeal‘? . . . She was billed up wltllland allowed to be absorbed; then
one last spring, but it‘s steven dif— lr'ougc, in finely powdered form, is
ferch now. . . And another junior sprinkled over the entire sheet. The
is mac-lug out all right with a dee- Imixture is alloWed to set for a few
cidedly pretty freshman . . . Tut,‘mirultcs. then immersed in water
tut, tuttie. what did I hear about you to wash off any of the excess rouge
2making the jane that sings . .on the paper. The entire mess is
Itwlth her eyes, Kell?) . ..Or is that ‘then allowed to dry for about ten
ljust curtls-ey? . . . Don't rcpcattliel lminutcs.

ltlns, but dor—is another pair from Tile stage is set; now for the
‘last year still going around . . . guinea pigs~thc subject kisses the
That‘s all for this week . . . don't paper, an ordinary kiss will do.
Ilet the tea get you tomorrow. fresh. and leaves an impress of the con-
Il. . . Its‘ always a matter of defect tour of the lips upon the "ingatch"
ito both you and the sorors . . .slicct. The sheet is cut down to a
lbut who has the soror fact is a small square and flrrnly pressed upon
iqucstron . , . the absorbent paper of the scrap-
 Ouchl . .. hook. Sometimes the print comes
I ~~~~—~— Iiout avbit messy especially if one
‘Menorah to welcome 1943 triltes for the first time; however.
I i U I I II  I (a or several attempts, a print can
Mcnolall society s olilcral "l‘CCLlll" l w r y  ' l ' l . -
lto the class of 1943 is scheduled l::5hl-:lliidlm(l “mm W!“ m “um d"-
vtakc place Tuesday night, October" a
.3, at the organization's regular all-1
rural freshman reception to be held.

 

 

Delta Omega

tlnuarlcc as a social group, effec-

for the affair, which will last fromi m0 Splmnmm, .30 1939

8:30 until 11:00 o‘clock.

TUE WEEKLY B U LLE'ITIN

This bullrllu trill fu' llu' lltlfrllllll
littlltl'f'. Hturlr’uls um! lur'ullIu (ll't‘
lujornlulion. Ntlfff'l‘h' jur Ho:

 

 

L for oil uiluouur'rrnuxuls of (1N official
room's/rd Io loo/i" lo Ihc bulbdllt }(H‘
bullcllu mus-l hr in llrt' NEWS mailbox
('(ll'fl publication rm'clr'.

_____ © _.._ . 7 _
I. (oinnilitulloil 'l‘irvlu'tn ,I'bul'gr-rl l'or‘ cashing (’llt‘t'liH ill’ lill'
Muiiulrll'i-s on application»; for lruili W“ "l'- "l'i't'VliVl‘ h't‘l'lt'llll't'l‘ "l' I

lllltl bus ('(lllllllllllliltill rlr-Ili-ts may illtl  lrlll "Hill lru- _ I

si-l'iii'r-il :ll tlu- ivl‘t'll‘xlll't‘l'b office Irv-l ."rlltltl 'i‘lltl‘l T-

l\\l’('ll rlu- iltllll'.~ nl '.' oo :lllrl :l or) o'i-lovk‘ ' I H H I- 1”

on Mondays, \\'-~diir-~rlnI\s, :lllri lr‘r'lrbivs ‘ "mm mm” "in.

r 'l HHHIIJ llllil fill :ilfl‘
I ‘ looouo (l\('l' .‘uu- lu-l' lorurou
I“. Miitr- hrliolui‘slillin .\o r-Iiar'gu on purchase-r ul‘ Hill] or
iwslililI-li ~|||Il|'lll\ I'llllfll'li lo .‘iillli' more I '
nt'llrlilll'nilllln lil'r' ri-rlrlmlr-rl to tile up-

lllll'lrlluli ‘loi' _.~ll(‘ll M'lltlllll'nillph lli llirI1 “urumw ""“w‘w' "Hummu-

lli~glrnr l'llll' s (illl('rr. l'uy litt‘llin will iii"

lllilll' ly Illr- 'l‘rr-linlli'i-i' Ull (I' ll 1!

summit-r I:., luau ninr \llll'rll Ila. 'r'ri‘fff,i . "Him"- “mm """m

(a J. “H”. ,rnl‘murvr V Ililult'lllr olilr'r- lirllll's' l'ul‘ lililll lllli.
illl' .i.~. Inflows:
I ( Munrle r" r - ' -
lloiinliiu \llt'ltllt‘lt'u I I [MM ‘  
Sllltil'lllh’ -rr(- ‘lll\'l~r'li lll‘tl \" H' ‘ fr IV
I, , i ’. , ,.,-,.”,-l,.,, yglr-uo hours lrnrud 'rl'ie for both

:l‘llll“ tihlhll‘dmll'l in “Hill hull “lulllllt'fl 51ml \volru-il. Men irro m-rlur-stoil

my. tli‘lntilll 'ruiuulse.” Jump-r .illllllll’tl,l "' “N'w'l f'illl'llil'J.” uiirt fltlit’ tlu-il'
Iltil ,\ ruulr-rl ul loo .\lurl son arr-ultra ""H"“”' "‘r“ I“ WW I

has llliii't'tl to fill Won-Irv ' I

I _ ~ ll ll’t'll - ' ‘ '
it"lll’iu- l'l‘it'l'l‘i‘ti to ill lilo I‘Iilurrililu"illli'ri “r. ("mum “.mwml"
l't'lllltlttl'l‘ (‘oolu-l' house, ' 7 i W

"Hill" lliill Moreluiiil, Dunn of Student» “""l‘" U““”"""‘

Sept. 20 Assembly. ll :10 o‘clock Nolm ll

Hume", “mm H“ I) address and elections. ' ’

furlILt:tl;l‘I‘1l:”Willtl uro‘ppluniug to apply Hm” J, friiﬂii'rllllrllmm1m" “:00 mummy
.' onus i u uouuaut :l' ." ' I ' 1' - '

I\,‘l;.r,‘,ﬁ,,,,“mpg.”“Nil, “ppllmmumt Inwlul Hunt. d0 ll:,i‘tl:ll’:(llﬂl‘ill‘ln‘l)' lr-u, 3:00 rmvlm'li’,

3mm)“. 2' ur., ( teeth 0) by Monday, Sept. 00 .llA liiulullutlou, 8:00 o'clock

(ll-trek ’l‘lieutl'o. '

 

1‘4"“! 0. “’ulllu‘u. (it-L, 1" Ian Mulmm prumlulm, Dru,
r 5“— “1 .5 “‘“mmmli “bu Mritorilollo.”
(ID-OD Prices L . r Spanish elu'h reception. 8:00

 

in“, “How,” “nodule 0,, has Wm be ‘i‘LIL'Illock. Lounge of lticliurdsoii

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, SEPTEMBER 29, 1939

 

 

 

 

 

WAA President Announces
Operng of Sports Season

Q
Baird Schedules Many Sports
During Coming Weeks
of Fall Session

.____. l
HEADS ASSUME DUTIES '

New Fall Schedule Features
Hockey, Soccer, Tennis,
and Other Sports

Marjorie Baird, ‘40, president of:
WAA announces that the fall sports
season for women is now open and
offers the following sports: hockey,
tennis, soccer and archery. The LOI heIle
sports captains promise fun, actlv- p’gwe'ss‘I I I. t
lty, and instruction to all partici- II e Sine, to com? applolnm 613’
pants. dressed \vlth slacks or other com—

In order to earn a WAA award one {Uriah}? lmml’hemal‘f‘: I "1 Warm
must have completed the required S‘VC‘IL01—JUSL m “359 1?” Windy—
number of hours in four sports each and low'he‘Iﬂed ,51‘005- If you
year for three years. The award lntend to probe into the depths

given at that time has in the past 01 a Cave' 1L “you'd be Wlse to

 

Women to Warm Way

Around Winding Caves

Hey, froshl Hey, everybody!
The annual WAA Indian Ladder
outing is going to start bright
and early Saturday morning,
October 7. Busses will be ready
and willing to take you there,
and after arriving you'll have a
day full of fun before you.
There'll be trails galore to attempt
all potential hikers, there’ll be
good food to appease your appe-
tites, and there‘ll be lots of games
prove your physical

 

 

 

 

been a leather skin. At this time, anyvg’fl’ur “US” 019 “351mg!”

however, there are plans for a more ' ‘

lasting award.

 T H lb 11
All girls interested in hockey   a

report to the field behind the Alumni

Residence balls on Monday, Wed-} 0 N  k

nesday and Friday from 3:30 to 4:30   

o’clock, 4:30 to 5:30 o'clock. 01' both

periods. Louisa Chapman and Dor- —’ I

othy Peak, juniors, are the co-cap- KDR Vets Favorite to Annex

talns. They will give credit for intramural Trophy Cup

hockey on the basis of time attended For Second Year

in comparison with the total lllllll- _ __I____I___

ber 01 hours or, the ism” With summer officially over and

. .rcnnfs , pigskins already filling the air,

Tenms cram “‘15 year “’1” be State‘s biggest fall sport. intramural

For
of

in its capa

time. been
priation in
with this f1

finances

committees,
tinct. phase

tal district

bany. Troy
continual 5

especially
t

 

a group

college athletics.
in its second year, has, for the ﬁrst

State's sports have taken
seat to scholastic activities in Al-

Maloney to Head
Publicity Bureau

Men’s Sports

Budget Grant Allows MAA
to Expand Activities

Press Organ.

Under the direction of James
Maloney, '41, the MAA Press bu-
reau will begin to function shortly

city of publicizing State
The bureau, now

granted a $50 appro—
the student budget, and
nanclal aid hopes to ac-

complish many things that limited
made
bureau‘s ﬁrst year.

This year.
composed of several interdependent

impossible in the
the bureau will be

each handling a dis-
in publicizing State ath-

letics. The main branch devotes
itself to supplying articles to capl-

Thus far,
a back

newspapers.

and Schenectady papers.

By supplying local papers with a

tream of publicity, the

group hopes to put State sports.
varsity
he local spotlight.
This committee, in turn. will be as-
sisth in the writing of its articles by
securing

basketball, into

information on

‘11an teams fronl our opponents. Last
"year, data

 

given for we“ no” 01. ‘0’”“5 Pia-“id touch tackle. will get under way next i

at any time. Supervised hours will week Although only an intramural
be on Tuemay and Thursth 330 sport, the six-man touch football

DOI'OUW BGI'kOWW' '41- Cﬂmamv and one hundred State men and holds

has started and will last for sixmw fallseason
“101'0.WCCKS‘ To,“ “Ours 01, Mum] Intramural council plans to start
play is the rnrmlnurn requirement the new season this coming week.
for cream I affording plenty of time to finish
, , ‘5"“0” (schedules without interference from
Jane Williams and Sarah Board. will”), weathm._ AS was done last

was also used by members of the
News sports staff and in the future
all such material gathered will be:

compiled by this group

added to the MAA sports file. A

third department collects material l
on‘SLate's athletes and supplies this-i
to 5:00 o'clock under ll'lC direction of league is pamclpatcd m by almost linlormation to the home town news- }

l papers of

within the s

In addition

members a
Greenspan.

the men,

chool.
to Maloney,
re Joe Schwartz, Lou

Gad Bodiler and Bob.
Patton. juniors; Carl Marotto, PhilT

sophomores, CO—Ctilltllllls of soccer, pom-I the lawn ll, front, of page hall Kaufman, Howie Anderson and Irv
will give instructions in this sport will be secured as the official grid— 'Bllss, sophomores.

and will conduct regular games onIimnI and llle playing Clays will again
Tuesdays and Thursdays from 35304,,3 Tuesday and Thursday The
to 5:30 o'clock on the fleld behind usual Cull-amSI Kappa Della RllOI
the Alrunnl Residence balls, The College HOUSCI Slgma Lambda Eng-"
credit requirement is two-thirds ol,maI potter ClubI Kamm BelaI Al-
the total number of hours, Tlns lmnlansI Avalomspcncele Commut-
Will probably be ten. but may vary “SI and Robin Hall wlll agaln be
according to “"3 l‘l‘mlml'amem 01' represented, and although it is still
“10 “'00HN3V- ,vcl'y early for pro—season forecasts
Aren‘t"! I ‘KDR's all—veteran aggregation seems

Archers, and those who would like [he loglcul cllolce l0 gall, lls

to be junior William Tolls, report to S,lcolld leg on llw trophy l‘llvst
the terrace of the Alulnrli Residence “will-(led “15L ycul-I However the
110118 0“ MONClaY» W(’Cllw“dﬂ.\’v 0”“ freshmen material, an unknown

Friday from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock,
Captain Isabelle Robinson, '41, and
Anita Holm, ‘42. will give instruction
to beginners.

quantity now, might change the
whole aspect of the race.

This year, the council expects to
do away with the unent'orced resi-
dence regulations of last season
o when all players were supposed to be
  Il'esidcnts of the houses they played

for. Fraternity men, residents or

non-residents, may participate with

  rillttil‘ fraternities. However. strict
measures will be taken against

1players who gch their services to

"A more than one Learn, a practice quch

With three meets already sched-

 

(:(mlmOll last year. A schedule of
officials is being planned before-
hand. and better officiating shouldl
produce a better brand of play. ,

ulcd. State's cross country team is
continuing the DI‘t‘llllllllttl'y Workouts
through Washington Park begun
last week.

The squad, bolstered by three let-

   
Uuder Way This Week

and Steve Show. seniors; Doug

Mulilr-y, Lloyd Clum, .liul Snovrrr.
and (ir-ru- Airgi-llo. juniors; Fried-
lllltll, Cooke. and Ut‘lllkt‘, l'l'osllmr-li. The annual lull tennis tournament
Choir and Silovr'r are rated as is here again. With 02 men compel-Ii
gtuul veteran prospects. Manley will log, the tournament, under the:
also be a definite asset to the squad direction of (lad liodllcl‘. '41, opened
if he displays the form that marked ’on Tuesday and with a rulnirnum of
his performance in last season's first bad weather conditions is scheduled
two moi-ls, Among the prospective for completion by October 12.
froslr lrui'l'lers, Cooke looms as the, This year intramural council in-
most outstanding. liriirself cuptulrr or [ends to break a hallowod State tru-
CBA's cross country aggregation lust. dltion by finishing the tournament.
year. yContestuuts are warned that the
Tennis (infinitely booked to lIlttt‘lldllLth set down for completion of
the purple and gold runners tliis‘eucll round will be followed out
sensor) include Delhi, Mor'rlsvlllc and unless weutlrcr causes postpone-
Alfred, all agricultural schools lll merits. All contestants not finishing
this state. The Delhi meet is sclied— their matches at the specified time,
tried for October 21 on the Statc,will automatically forfeit those
course, willie Morrlsville and Alfred matches. The council intends to
constitute “away” encounters for set a precedent this full, ovon if it
October 20 and November 4 respec- necessitates forfeiting three-fourths
Lively. Manager F‘rancello is at of the matches.
present attempting to schedule a As usual, the varsity tennis team
fourth meet with either Bard or will be on the lookout for promising

 

 

Coblesklll on November ll. material among the players.

State Girls Enjoy Hockey Camp,- 1 I i 

Are Prepared for Coming Season

by Louisa Chapman and Dorothy Peak

 

"Get that suck on the ground, you and see that tricky flick shot we
cockroach!" It’s been a couple of think we know‘)
weeks since we heard the Miss Electric lights and running water
Applebee (The Apple to the kids at 332:? and 1c: 1d) 1:18“ the “mm
hockey camp) yell this little sentt- Froseh Cain XX? r? $01223,“ to
ment to some poor victim, but we d . 1" meas w “Peal!
can still remember the time when an wele we ready to war mm em”
We were the ones m the wrong. we gota chance to really gettoknow
The Apple was head coach at £1,113 €323”? Hoﬁ'saeaver'kvlvmmm
the Eastern Division Hockey camp etc. Somie'oneuiigs teiiiiié :boiimii:
in the PoconOS which we attended Australian tour. “All the papers
for a week this summer. published our favorite faux pas—

..You sit down on the groundI put We saw all these signs along the
your hands on your head and think!" Streets 1“ Sydney—Tam“ agents"
And that was Miss Applebee telling Natm‘allyr We “might they “’9
us in no indefinite terms how to undertake“? and “mused 0‘" ms“
succeed on the hockey field. Should no end Lint“ we fouffd out that they
you arouse her wrath you’d be ad- were “may agents‘
dressed as cockroach, elephant, or A 50b” “Ote was 5mm" at “’3‘
on special occasion, “silly little awss.” pers Sunday night' When the Emu“

 

,want to go?

Om. ears “mg with “Where do you coaches told how the Englishwomen

We” look as though were preparing for war. Miss Apple-
you did!" Our legs ached from bee Sam that She was up"
Tuesday I). m. um“ Tuesday p. m. proached by the Air Raid Warden
one week later. No amount of pray- Wh.° wanted to ﬁnd (mt haw many
mg brought min except during the children she would be responsible
night. Consequently we puffed and for when they evacumd London'
named from one goal post to the When she said she would take five,
other from dawn to dark. she asked “1301- how long?" “Eight

Miss Applebee brought the game to ten yems' was the reply'

over to this country in 1902, so you  V ''''''' E
can figure out that she “ain‘t what
she used to be"——but she still gets
around the field faster than most
of us, who were stiff for the whole
week. Between The Apple and the

 

 

OTTO R. MENDE

“The College Jeweler"

 

 

lloarned how hockey should be play-

The fourth"
Elizabeth Simmons. ‘42. The season the sport-S Spotlight hem throughout ’department of the Press bureau de-Q
votes itself to publicizing athleticsl

other ‘

rest of the coaches we at least 103 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

ed. (Plug for fall sports—come out

 

Geo. l). Jeoney, Prop Dial 5-1913

Boulevard Cafeteria
and Grill

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

ven 0 Railroad Spike can'i“take it"
like this Jewel

 

SAYS THE RAILROAD SPIKE-
“ nv ONE 0: m5
5 TORTURE r557“:
/ was CR/PPLED
can LIFE av
FERR/C cums/as
/A (70/ sou/710M ”

We're us

(against evarythlng except loss or lntentlonal damage)

ing more than 250 college

papers to tell students of the 5 devas-

tating and

dcvituliziug feats recently

performed by the Parker Vucumntic to

prove it wil

i lost for life. No other pen

we know has ever faced such torture.
Yet: the Parker Vacumatlc did it—can
do it any time—and come forth in per-
fect working order.

Match:

Pent m lied with

everyth n
venue.

cw”
Pencils to m"
 or r

WVAOUMATIO‘E‘?

c iii: “dueigieui‘lgmilaiie “rm-tn cc: only I char 0
u m aid iMhnmleiSompim m f: mun-5 for m co-

WIN}.

f 0 Parker Pen I

 

TELEVISION ,

Guaranteed
for Life.

SAYS TH E PARKER VACUMATIC-
“I WAS nurse
mm m: :4 MEACID
- wears ALL my
-A 5- MILE UNE-
AND I’M JUSTAS
6000 A: EVER.”

Zed—“Bomb” Tut: Parker's Dia-
phragm filler encased in an oxygen bomb
FOR WEEKS, where a single day
equals 6 months' normal ago—to prove
its long life.

3rd—“£lectrocution": EVery Parker
Diaphragm proved 100% leak- roof by
exposing it to 5,000 volts of e ectricity
which flushes a red light if there's even
a pinhole leak.

“ll—“Drip Tut": Pens filled and
hung points down for hours in frigid
temperature, then in torrid temperature.

Stir—Dropped 3,000 ti. from on air-

IIIO to prove the lovely laminated pearl

 

lot—Filled with Acid (strong ferric
chloride solution which ate owe a rail-

.N. W road spike) instead
% of with ink, this in‘
" credible pen wrote a
Smile line with the
acid on a revolving
paper-covered drum
and ﬁnished in per-
fect working order.

  

P'M’ rel and cap are Non-Breakablc.
w “x a.“ M" You chel' saw such a pen. You new;
‘50!) 10 "250 owned one. A saclcss pen that holds for

more ink than ordinary rubber sac pens
-—-1hows the ink level at all times. hone;
won't run dry without warninl. in

or exams. So go and see it now and m
it for college and for. life. - r . '

for the life of the out It I , .
arm F‘ The Parker Pen (20.. manna. we.

  

  
 
     
      
      
       
 
            
             
               
      
    
         
                     
       
          
        
         
        
        
        
    
      
          
        
    
     
     
     
     
       
   
      
         
  
   
    
  
    
   
    
    
 
   
  
   
     
   
  
     
    
      

      

