     
    

     
       
   
         
  
   
    
       
   
   
  
    
      
    
  
 
    
   
  
 
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
     
   
   
    
  
   
   

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, SEPTEMBER 22, 1939

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
. ’ Established by the Class of 1918
> The undergraduate Newspaper of New York State
_ College for Teachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the
News Board representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; Howe, 2-4314; Kowalsky,
2-1243; Young, 2-9761; Gabriel, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Album, N. Y.
postoffice

III-IIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIIING IV

National Advertismg Servuce, inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420 MADIeoN AVE. NEW YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO ' BOITOI ' LO. AICILII ' 5A" FIANCIICO

THE NEWS BOARD

LEONARD E. KOWALSKY ...... ..
Ono J. Hows 
SALLY E. YoUNo ..
BEATRICE Downs
STPHEN KUSAK ..
JOHN MURRAY ...... .,
SAUL GREENWALD .
BETTY CLARK .... .,
MARY GABRIEL 
KENNETH HASER 

 

Q
9..
3;
o
‘3

.. iii-Chief
o-Editor~in-Chief
. Managing Editor
. Associate Editor
, Associate Editor
. Associate Editor

 News Editor

 Sports Editor
 Business Manager
 Advertising Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

JAMES MALONY . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . .. Men’s Sports Editor
FRANK Auousrm . Assistant Sports Editor
ARNOLD ELLEmN . . . , . . . . . . . . . . .. Assistant Sports Editor

JUNIOR BUSINESS STAFF
Ralph Clark, Beth Donahue, Miriam Newell, Evelyn
Olivet, Betty Parrott.

SOPHOMORE BUSINESS STAFF
Edward Colmar. Madeline Grunwald. Ira Hirsh, Robert
Leifels, Paul Merritt, Allen Simmons.

—

lN MEMORIAM

The death of our beloved President Brubacher
came to us as a distinct shock at a time when least
expected. The twenty-ﬁve years of service he de-
voted to the college brought crowning achievement
and success both to the man and the institution.
Now that service is ended; and the loss that has
come with it is beyond measure.

Dr. Brubacher was known to us both as a great
man and a liberal educator. At every contact, he

  
  
 
  

 

 
 

 

Education forDemocracy

 

. Commentstater

 

will brighten again in our lives, no man knows.
Throughout Europe and even here in the United State
voices are continually condemning the right of free
dom for the individual man. How far these “patriots

 

stable leaders.

state; it is compelled to teach the idology of the
When such a condition exists
peoples become mentally, morally, and physically stag-
Their minds, their souls [391*
are not their own; they are being constantly “stan-
dardized” by their strong political machines which are about the Crime of '39 here at State
interested in merely having “mechanized human be-
ings” who will respond instantaneously to the Slight- .cut Just like the budget, but a bad
est dicta of “their leader," without questioning, with- I penny always returns—and nobody
out thinking, and without Wondering “why” I am

leaders of the state.

nant in their everyday life.

to do thus and thus.
Democracy created our institutions of learning

for preserving the individuals initiative. resourceful-

thoughts, enlivened our dreary (lays. and has been
the father to the freedom of the press. speech and
assembly.

Education makes us a social individual. A person
who is conscious of the feelings of his fellow citizen,
one who recognizes and respects the thoughts of others,
the right to do as one pleases, when he pleases, in
whatsoever form it may take. Democracy during the
past few decades, prided itself on the fact, that, since it

 

has survived up to this time, it will always remain
with us. However, circumstances has changed this at-
titude from one of optimism to that of pessimism.
Each person in a democracy shall feel that he is part
of this political institution and that it is his duty
to preserve our present social, political and economic
institutions, provided, of course, that they are suit-
able to the majority in that democracy.

Education is constantly in a warring world—more
so than that of the political world. Constantly, there
has been brought to the forefront educational theories
that were far in advance of their time; yet persistent
effort on the part of our educators has shown that
the newer method was better and more useful for the

 

 

was helpful, friendly and understanding. His atti-
tude toward the student was to aid him in the fullest
development of thought and personality; he inspired
study of the social scene and training for demo-
cratic citizenship. Witness, for example, the demo-
cratic form of government under which our student
association assemblies are conducted today.

As an educator, he espoused the cause of aca-
demic freedom and emphasized the socially ccm-
petent teacher. “By releasing the teacher’s initia-
tive and resourcefulness,” he once said, “the school
will top a reservoir of professional enthusiasm that
will vitalize the whole educational program.”

One who has stood as the guiding light for
thousands of young men and women on the thres-
hold of a great profession has now passed on. Their
thoughts and actions carry on to do him honor.
So, too, does a worthy institution.

h
‘fac/e ’ the Fresh

Tested, l.-Q.-cd, orientated, and exposed to a
day of regular classes, the class of ‘43 is about
to face the next fcnluro ol the program, Activities
:lay. in connoction with tho ovont wo loo wish lo
add our voice to those of the many ()lllt‘l‘s who
are conccrnod with froshmon \yollzn'o.

'l'omorrow, froslnnon, you will visit :1 humor
whcro you will soc tho \vm'os of tho many extra-class
organizations on display. 'l‘lioir oxhiliils will attract
you so lllill you probably will sign up with us many
as four or livo activilios. This is u commendable act
sini'o il shows llllll you slrivo lol' suoross in oxli‘n—

 

l

olnss iu'iivilios, lull in tho sumo limo it may lll'vrst‘lll
u prohlom for you iii if lllli'l‘ limo.

Who! wo'i'o driving .‘ll is ri‘yslullixod liy lllo
old sow "Jilifli-(ll-lllldi‘flllt‘s, innsior ol nono." To
attain surross in any activity calls for oonccnlrnlod
offort. llividod this effort and you ('lil short the
happy nchicvomonl of your olijoclivo.

()ur mossngo, thou, to you, lrcslnnon, is of a}
similar nulurc. Sign up tomorrow for as many
activities as you wish, but whon it comes time for
action, (“Ollcmlll'llto on one or two and do so Willi
enthusiasm and gusto. The man whose determination
forces him to overcome cvcl‘y obstacle in his path

social individual. In the early 19th century, education
consisted of readin', writin', ’rithmetic; today education
circumscribes the entire ﬁeld of human endeavor, from
home economics to the theory of the expanding uni-
verse. The point to remember i that education was
and still is a peaceful war, one in which the individual
is given a free hand to present his demands to society
and wait for the change to come about. Education
works for peace because it realizes that physical vio-
lence, no matter how small or trivial it may seem, is
a detriment to the security of society and also to the
democracy in which it exists.

In Dr. Brubacher’s commencement address, he de-
ﬁned cducation as “primarily concerned with the
production of the socially competent person. Or to
state the case negatively, the anti-social person. the
selfish individual the unregonerate boor, no matter
how much he knows. is not educated in any usable
sense." Those words are truer today that they wore
yesterday. The uneducated individual, the unclvilized,
untempcred person is the one who is the threat to our
democracymhc does not understand for himself, he
requires an interpreter, a medium to tell his thoughts
which he, himself is supposed to think out. Believ--
ing what he is told by means of force, by pressure,
by othcr's like himself. he joins organizations for
“the preservation of our democracy."

Therefore, it is to education that democracy looks
to take such individunl's by the scruf of the neck. not
to indoctrinatc, but to lead them, show them the way
of democracy. and the path of strife, conflict and
revolution will be avoided. Preserve our democracy
through our cduoationai system.

 

Communications

 

To the Editor-ill—Clllol' of [he .‘i'l'w'ri: (.‘oi.i.icnlc vaEWH.’

’l‘lio Stuto Collogo symphony orohosn'u plnns it pro-
gram of iln'co concorls this your. In lilo spring. lho
Chorul sooloty nnd ()l‘(‘lll‘hli‘il will prosonl lll (.‘lmn—
collor'n hull "'l‘ho Coronulion Soono" from tho opoi'u
"llol'ls (londonoi‘l‘f' Wo onrnoHlly roqnosl lhul ovoi'y-
ono oopnblo of plnylng ln llll' oi'ohosli'u oonluol ll‘u
illl'bll on Ai‘llvilll‘s dny or :.(‘ll(l it onto lhl'ollgll sludonl
mull In tho nioromonlionod.

Wo huvo mndo a study of music ill the slulo schools
and found that wo nlono lnokod n pornnuionl Ul't‘lll'hll‘ll,
Woll. we how on orohoslru now. but ll musl llll\’o lho
support of tho onllro :.l.udonl liody. 'l‘ho bosl wny to
support. it 1.». it you plny on lllrsll'lllllt'lll. join.

'i‘hln your a movie oxlonsivo sorios oi rolionrnnls
is plunnod. li‘ull dolnlls will bo nnnounced soon.
Plcuno romoinbor lhut this is your orolioslrn, mid one
that you will wont to perform mnny vni‘lod tasks.
Coopornlo by joining with us.

liornnrd l'orimun. '42.

is the one who wins. Follow this principal and
success will be yours invariably.

 

Lloyd George's famous lines of 1914 pertain in 1939:
“The lights of Europe are ﬂickering out—whether they

The Statesman

 

 

Milne Teachers
To Start Monday

 

 

s
- girls at State—anyway,
" here you are.

freshmen

Well, freshmen, all two hundred
and fifty of you—did they have to
” cut down on the men, or is that
what you call the awful fate of the

Frederick, Acting Principal,
Releases Senior List
for First Term

 

, Senior students who are to do

You‘ve probably been practice teaching this semester will
will get, lies with the people themselves, for they rushing around for the past week
have it in their power to rid themselves of such un-

, open the school year at Milne high

 

but that’s not half as much rush- school Monday morning. Dr. Rob-

ing as has been going on around ert Frederick, acting principal, re-
In a dictatorship education is controlled by the you. If there’s a gleam in her eye, leased the following list of teachers

Nobody seemed

would give two cents for this col-
iumn—anyway, after being buried
for a year, I‘ve had plenty of dirt

The time has come, when democracy is being parti- llo dig U1) before getting Mek-
tioned to death, for education to help preserve our
democracies not only at home but also abroad. Educa- lting the Potter club pin on Hattie

First thing I noticed—after spot-

tion has been one of the strongest forces in our lives. ,D, F. out at frosh camp—was the

,‘strength of the old guard—funny

ness and pcrspicacity. Education has stimulated om how things keep over the summer.

,Thcre‘s Harp marching up and
.down again with boots, boots—and
Arnold and Sully. and Lorrie,
and Howo (and bowl), and Mary
and Dunc. But isn’t it taking a
little long for Kelly and Parrott to
go on where they left off—0r have
they left off. Speaking about leav-
ing off, it seems that Harriet and
Bill are just good friends—she's go-
ing in for law now—while the two
Wilsons, Jane and Kay. are rather
alone without John and Joe. Jane's
been singing “Where's My Wander-
ing Boy” all summer.

But that's enough of that—and
it's all just one more thing the
freshmen don't know what we‘re
talking about.

Yesterday's first noon-day session
in the Commons brought an enter-
taining fioor show of Lindy hoppers;
i. e, Bea Dower and Will Miller; and
unknown frosh with fellow jitter-
bug. Onlookers registered their en-
thusiasm with a round of applause
following the number.

Biggest blunder of the year so far
is when Bakay took or mistook Dr.
Clausen for Stan Smith. Better be
careful whom you say those things
to, John—and you should have
known Smith better than that.

Hear ho had trouble keeping dry at
camp—the boys surc go to town out
at frosh camp. You've seen the
member of '43 that looks like
Brenda Frazier—and she can sing
too—and I’m expecting an army
to be following Cox as soon as the
fellows get the chance. Dick
Tracy's sister Jean is here, and
scams ot be getting around.

Nothing more of note except that
Greenspan and B. Benton are going
to team up for College House's
l"Mnsl{ and Wig" this year.

 

you want to watch out—and re- and classes which
member that Santa Claus and sor-
ority bids don’t come till Decem-

to care much

last year, when the Statesman was

is subject to
change:
9:10—10:05

7ft?” ‘ HubJot-t

I——. ri: .\l., “2, Boys: ’l‘lI., l"., (‘i
i\llm{ (iruoo Mnrtiu. I rh‘.
Til—i rt: .\l., W. lioys' ’l‘li. l"., “
Miss (irm'c Mur‘tlu. ' ' “WIN.
7lli—(iom-rul Holt-non: 111., I"
'lotfo Munuuory.
7lI—ludustl'lul Arts: .\l.. ’l‘., V. \
“lllll'lilll linymond. ‘ I Jr.
'7 l—"ﬂllli‘ I'll-oliomios: .\I., ’l‘., \\'.. .\li
, .\luy l"ll|lnglmm nnd .“l'ﬂ. Anna "in:

4. (‘lmr-

mun.
7HI—Mllult‘lllﬂill‘H,
illi—(‘linlo English
‘ Boys: Soc. I uml ‘.', 'l‘ll.. l"
i Donmurk.
(ii . Hoo. l uud ‘3, .\l.. 1‘.
Denmark. '
Till—lvlligllsh, lv’lorouoo .\dlor.
.liilI—SoI-iul Hlildlos, Edwnl'd Simoudn.
bill—Silvio] Studios, Loulm- llossnov.
Xill—(il‘llt'l'lll Soiom‘o: .\l., 'l'.. W. ("hur-
lollo )lillinnol'y. '
Htli—ludustrinl Ari-e: ’l‘h., l".. .\lr. llnr-
luu liuymoud.
liltli——llomo I'lvouomlos: 'l‘lI.. l".. lilo-i
.\lny Fillinginun. and Mrs. [\nnu More
sum.
KIII—l‘illﬂlih‘ll, .\lulii-l .\l1~(‘loury.
mil—InfI'oduoiiou lo I‘llHlllt'Nﬁ,‘ .\lui|ol|uo
"look and Soul (iron-untold.
illlI—lmllu, Mrs. Alloo Lyon.
itili—lliology, Lois ()doll.
illh—Sooinl Studios, lu‘dgur l'orrolz nnd
llolou Gregory.
ilfII—liluglluh, Inubollo llumol and linih-
mil." twilirhi'i'
I— .u In (Special), Ill-I‘oIIIi-o ('u' o .
llllli—liuullsh ll. I'llinor “llllllt' "drill
Luronu (‘lurk.
ltllll—lniiln II, Jumon Hllorwooil.
llih—l-‘ronoh ll. Hornlillno Thompson.
llIl—l'lnml lioonloiry, llolou (‘uulimulh
IIllI—lllulory ll, John (‘urumlu uml
l"runk Ilurvoy.
l2ili—l"ronoh Ill. Gusto" liomlllurd.
l2|lI—lniormodluto Aim-bra, Alum Dic-
iii-rolli.
IL’llI—l'liyslon, Noruilm Arnold.
l‘ttlI—Jl‘ypowrlilug, Edna Ii‘ullor uml
Dori» Sounder».
Will—English IV,
Jum- .\mm~lu-r.
lLilli—Hookkoopluu ll.
l2t|l—lllnior,v (‘, liilllnn (lulllmoro and
Evelyn Morguu.
10:10—11:00
Your SubJoot
7tll—Muthomnlion, Luv-y King.
7th English, Marlo (louovu.
llll—Sm'lul Studios, l‘lllon Mord.
llll—(n'ouorul Soil-poo: ’l‘h., I“.
Finlmiun.
Nil—Industrial Arts: .\l., 'l‘., W. .\lr.
llurlun ltuymond. '
7lli—llomo l'loouomlos: .\l.. 'l‘.. \\'., Miss
.\lny It‘llliuglnun. and Mrs. Aunu "ur-
mum.
Hill—MoiIii-motion, Normiun lluok.
iiill—liugllnll, I'llllomonu lnnuoitl and
Lion Hwounoou.
lilh—h‘oolul Studios. Dorothy l'rltoliurd.
lilli—(iouorul Solom'r: .\l., ’l‘., “'., Irv-
ing FINIIIIIIIII.
lilh—ludlmirlul .\rln: ’l‘lI., I"
Inn linymoml.
lltli—llomo l‘it‘tlllillllll’ﬂ: ’l‘li., li‘.. “hm
Min Fillinghum uml Mrs. .\nuu Hur-
mun.
lllll—-Hoolul SIIIdII-n. JlIm-l 'l‘homnu.
llili—lingllrdi. Fri-d .\loxnndor nml Hul-
ly \‘ounk.
lllli—lmllu. Iloulull Gifford.
lllll—l"roui'l| I, .\llrlum 'l‘li'k.

I'llizulioth Vortm-ol.
., Holly

Ill-fly

 

Dorothy lllll and

Irving

., .\Ir. llur-

 

Everything also worth noting is
in the mailbox. '

Social Calendar —- First Semester

llllI—“l‘lll'l‘lll Holt-non. lilolmrd (ilimn-

ford.
(Owl/innod on page I,, column 2/

 

 

 

‘Scptcmbcr 22—Churcho: ' Reception

to Freshmen. l
Soptclnbcr 23~1A c t iv i More Day; .
l Dnncc nnd Bonfire l
, Rally.
lSopu-mbcr 24-»Nowmnn
l

l
Cllll) 'i‘onl
for Ii‘roshnnln Wo-l
mon; Nowmun Club;
Slnokor for l"l'ohh-;
lnon Mon, l
SCA l"l'()hll Frolic. 
Clnssioul (.‘lub ltc—.
ooplion lo i"l'oslinloll.
Junior liooopllon lo
l"l‘('hllllll'll.
(I llllt'l'hlll‘nl'llj’ ’l‘on;

SCA (lnmpln'o.

Hoploinbor :lo'
Soplombor s

Hoploinbor Lil)

Hoplolnbor 'l

Uololior ll Hpnninh (.‘lllll ltooop-
lion lo li'i'oshmong
SCA moi-ling. ‘
()t'llllll‘l' ll Hilllllillillli‘t' liooop-1
[ion to l“l'ohllllloll. '
()olobor ’1 WAA lndmn Ladder,

lilko. I
Club X Moollng,
Slndonl und ltoligioni
Commission Mootlngﬂ

,Oolobor ll)
()oiobol' ll

Ootobcl' lLlenrrlngo Education l
Meeting; 1“ r o n c h
Club l'toccplloll to

li‘rcshmen.

i4, 15-——WAA (in mp

Johnston Weekend.

l’lw—Frcslnnon Commls~
sion Meeting.

October iii.
October

October 18»—D do A Presentation,
Olivcr St., John Go-
gnrty,

ill—Social Action Com-
mission Meeting.

()olobor BlirCillllllllS Day.

October Zilw-Nowmun Club Cor—

pornlo (.‘onnnunion.

Novombor V«S<'iil(ii- Hop.

Novoinbor Ali-I'iollno Dnnoos.

Novombor l7~rNownmn Club Sport.

Dunoo.

WAA

li‘ling.

Sonior li‘ull llnnqnol.

Music (‘onnoil Pro—

soniullon. lion (‘os-

sucks.

llooonibor ll WAA llounpo ’l'ou.

llooolnlioi' ll Hol'ol'ily ltllslilllg.

ili'l't'llllil‘l‘ ill, [-1 (.‘Ullt'Hil “()llhtl,

()otobcr

Novolnboi' in Final 1“ n ll
Novonibol' 1.2
l)('(‘t‘llll)('l' l

"Musk nml Win."
Junmn'y f) lillhlil‘llhlll, Hll'llll.
Junllnl'y 11 Music (‘ounoil Win--
loi' (fonoorl.
,Junuul'y l2 linoltolbull, Ningul'n
llnivorslly.
.lununry ill lnlorfrnlornlly linll.
.lununl'y ill llllomonlury Drums.—

llos Prosontutkm.

Jnnunry ll)- linskolbull. Fruit.
January 10, 20, 21—A-WAA Winter
Weckond at. Camp
Johnston.
l~ Basketball.
University.

February McGlil

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, SEPTEMBER 22, 1939

 

 

 

 

 

 

Bulger issues List
Of App—iiigtments

Eighty-Four Get Positions;
Commerce and English
Head Placements

Paul Bulger, personnel director
and secretary of the Appointment
bureau, announces that eighty-four
placements have been made during
the summer. The list of graduates
who have secured positions in-
cludes:

Adonna Rector, ’39, assistant li-
brarian, Alfred Plant junior high
school, West Hartford, Connecticut;
Eleanor Wickham, '39, English, li-
brary, Hartwick; Margaret Matti-
son, ’39, English. Margaretville;
Joseph Lcese, '39. English, Port
Byron; Jeannette Barlow, ‘39, Latin,
French, Adams Center; Clarence
Van Etten, '39, science, mathema-
tics, Wcstford; Kathleen Murphy,
‘39, French, Latin, Brushton; Edgar
O‘Hora, '39. social studies, Red
Hook; Donald Loomis. '30. sciences,
Richburg; Ruth Parker, ‘39. Go

man, French. JciTcrsonvillc; Joscph‘

Mugglcton. '39. commerce. Camden;
Doris Palmer. ‘39. English. library,
Dover Plains; Ruth
'39. commerce, Bolton Landing;
Mary E. Nolan, ‘39, English, Latin,
Schuylervillc.

George Amyot, '39, commerce,
coach, Warncrs; Richard Lolisdale,
'39, social studies. Margaretvillc;
Augusta Shuman, ‘39. commerce,
Boonville; Virginia Bolton, ‘39, ll—
bl‘ary, Maine; Leah Mekcel, '39,

commerce, social studies, Mattituck; 1

Emily White, '39, English, library,
Schuylerviile; Esther Mason, '39,
library, Poughkecpslc; Helen Henze,
'39. commerce, Homer; Nan Emery.
’39, the Day Home. Troy; Mary
Leah Sweet, ’39, commerce, Middle-
burg; William Ryan. ‘39, English.
commerce, Sag Harbor; Margaret
Hickok, ‘39, commerce, French,
Campbell; Frank Johnson, ’39,
mathematics, science, Staatsburg.
Charlton Schocffler, '39, Krissler
Business school. Peckskill; June
Palmer, '39, English, library, Se—
tauket; Marjorie Millard. ‘39, com-
merce, New Field; Robert Clark, ‘39.
science, mathematics, Callicoon;
Robert Clark, '39, science, mathe-
matics, Kcrhonson; James Spence.
’39. social studies, Voorheesville;
Isabel Tyler, ’39, commerce. mathe-
matics, Chadwicks; Robert Agone,
’39, social studies, French, Glen
Field; Cornelius Fogarty, '39, com-

merce, coach, Rensselaer Falls;
Elizabeth McConnell. ’39, English,
Latin, Orchard Park; Mildred

Strelfer, ’39, commerce, mathema—
tics, Mountaindale: William Tor-
rens. '39, mathematics, Boonvillc.

George Evens, ’39, science, Scotts-
ville; Hclcn Prusik, '39, commerce,
Norfolk; Mary T, O'Donnell. '39,
commerce, library. Valatic; Carl
Lind. ‘39. commerce. Moriah; Catli-
crinc Collins. '39, commerce. social
studies, Turin; Vera Haas, '39,
French. English, Turin; Ruth A.
Korlcy. ‘39. commorcc, mathematics,
Stamford; Rosa Pcrta, ’39. Economic
Junior Republic. Frocsvillc; Charis

Bump, '39. English, mathematics,
West Valley; Bctty Dodge, '39,
mathematics, social studies, Gou-

vorncur; Mary Sparacinc. '39.
Fronch, linlin. Bony/or River; Kon-
noth Down. '39. commerce, Ros-
coo.

Rnlh Muckoy, '35, English. Ful-

tonvlllo; Mnrgm'ot Dolunoy, '35,
lslnglisli. Sm'nlogn Springs; Flor—
onoo Sonlol'villo, Till. oomniol'oo.

Mul‘gnl'ol It}. Mul‘klnlln,
'36, English. Voslul; Mul‘jol'io Ku—
lnhlinn. 'llli, oonnnoroo. (homing;
l‘illlllll'll i"nl'l'oll. '36, English, oom-
moi'oo. liod llnnk, Now .lorsoy;
Agni-s 'l‘ol'l'oii:.. 'ii’l, Englile lfilli‘ll-
\‘lllo; (il'ill'l' i’nl'kol'. '37. oonnnoroo.
l"l|lloll\'il|o; Lillian lillhllllll‘u‘l'. 'llll,
('olnlnol'oo. i’onl'l liivol', Ann Honi-
hard, '37. l"l'i‘|l('ll. Spniiisli. Willlll-
moro; Andln'oy Ix'ulbnunh. no. oom-

Coxsnokio;

lnoroo, i"l‘l'lllllllu; Vil'gilllu Hlnull.
'li’l. oonnnol'vo. Voi'non; liulh Mil-
oholl. '37, English. llln'ui'y, (‘ooy—
mnns; Mildrod liluos. ‘Jlll, i'lngllsh.

oommoroo. 'l‘ioondorogn.

Mary 1'), Markham. ‘3’]. English,
Fulton; lslslhor l'l. Smith, '37. oom-
lnoroo. mnlhoinnlios, Voorhoosvillo;
(lhnrlos Alwlll, '35. history. liiborty;
Vinconl Doylo, ‘lili. prinoipnlshlp,l
'i‘ui'in high sohool; lililoon Wulluco,
’35, soclul studios, Roslyn public
schools; Mury Junol. Smith. ’38,
grades, Boydton, Virginia; Dorothy
Kent. '37, French, English, Bolton
Landing.

 

 

Woolschlager, '

 

News Seeks Material

For Hobbyist Column

Help Wanted: —- Due to the
policy of the News of publishing
interesting feature items. there
will be a column open for those
persons who have hobbies—from
the more common stamp hobbyist
to the hobbyist who collects “col-
lection bills."

Here is an opportunity for
faculty members as well as stu-
dents to tell about their hobbies

interesting facts, anecdotes. and

hobbies which they feel would
prove useful and informational
to the student body.

Don‘t be bashful—don't hesi-
tate. Write about your hobby
now. Drop your story in the
; News mailbox. and sign it. It is

up to you to help us make the col-
‘ umns of the paper reach all the
‘ students all of the time.

 

 

 

 

sidelights to be found in their l

Rivalry Softbaerontests

Dominate

 

Singly, by tw0s, and by threes,
did those frosh troop from their
cabins to the gridiron, ball dia-
mond and tennis courts of Cossa-
yuna lake. From tall “By” Benton to
smiling Grant Hermans, every one
[of them showed his stuff. Even
:the faculty, exemplified by “Grand

in their own WHY—Pointing out {Old Riz," enjoyed themselves dur-

ing the three days.

On Saturday afternoon. the frosh
iwere headed for victory in their
'softball game with the sophs. Al-
though the men of ’42 scored in
the initial inning. the powerful
hitting neophytes soon overtook
their rival class with a seven-run
scoring spree. By strengthening
Itheir defenses from plentiful ranks,
lthcy continued to stalemate the
lsophs until the last inning.

Had not Paul Merrit. '42 class
president. swatted a homer with

l
  bases loaded. the undefeated ath-
letes ‘

intramural Plan i

Students of State college will be,
able to participate in one of Lhc'
most complete intramural programs
cvcr offered here, according to
,Jimmy Quinn, president of Men's
intramural council. A large and
varied number of sports are in-
cluded in the plans for the coming
seasons. These activities include
‘tennis, touch-football, softball, ping- ‘
)ong, boxing. badminton. basket-
ball, horseshocs, fencing. tumbling,
bowling. pool. and chess. >
, An appropriation of $250 has beenl
:providod for the intramural pro-
igram and this will be used to pur—
chase new equipment. Badminton,‘
a sadly neglected sport, will take at
[bigger place since new equipment
will be purchased for this activity. ‘

Another improvement in the pro-I
.gram will be a strict schedule oil
lreferees for games. These referees;
iwill be reimbursed for their serv-l
lices. thus assuring their attendance
laccording to schedule. I
l The tennis tournament, whichl
‘shares the fall spotlight with touch— ‘
football, will begin Monday, accord-
llng to Quinn. Freshmen are urgedi

l

 

 

3to enter the tennis tournament in-
asmuch as the varsity tennis team
watches carefully over the entrants.
Any outstanding player may be
given a chance to compete for a
lposition on the varsity team.

l The Intramural council for thel
looming year will include Jimmy!
"Quinn, '40, president; Carl Marotto,|
'42. treasurer; Howard Anderson”
‘42, secretary; Gad Bodner, Dans
lBucci, Hal Duffy, Les Gcrdts, Joel
Schwartz. juniors; Phil Kaufman,‘
and Bob Sclfcrt, sophomores.

 

 

’Play Day Introduces
WAA Fall ScheduleI

WAA prosontcd its animal Play
Day Wednesday at Camp Johnston,
nonr Chathnni, as the opening fon-
luro of the fall schedule. General
chairman of the day was Louise
liossncy. '40. honor council. 1

The nftornoon uctivltics wore an
innovation in the usual progriun fori
the day. In previous years, a com—
lnillco hns plannod u very defi—
nito sot of i'(‘lil_\' mid olhor group
gnlnos in which all people partici-
pulod of. homo limo during the al'tor- »
non. ’l‘hls your lhoro \vol'o no
plnnnod gnmos, nnd llio olioico of
rooroullon was loft to onoh indivi-
dnul. Somo of llio sports oil'ol'od
woro sol'lbnll. hiking, and swinunlnn.

Whilo suppol' \\'n>; boing onion
ill'tllilltl llll‘ bonilro in front of lliol
onlnn, Hvo ilnpronlplu hillllln \voi'o
prosonlod Mill'lill'lt' linil'd. '-l(l.
|)l'l'>.l(ll‘lll of tho nsxoolnlion. gnvo u
Iniol oulllno oi lln- workings oil
lho ol'gnnimlion. Lonisu (.‘hnpinnn‘
nlltl lloi‘olhy l‘onk, _llllll(ll‘H. lUlil ol
Ihoh' (‘Xlll‘l'll'llt't‘n nl liookoy oump.
A r-uddon lhundor showm' l'oroslnllod l
nll olhor plnnnod nolivilics. l

Faculty guosts includod Dr. Mlll'-i
gnl'ol. Iioik, instructor in ol ~misli'y,l
nmi Miss lsnbollo Johnston, inslruc-
tor in pllyhh'nl oduoulion.

Connnllloos lor Plny day included
udvol'llsing, Kny Pciorson, 42;
bussos, Mui‘y lrving, ’42; clenllllp.
Susan Wing, '42; entertainment,
Mndnlyn lioors, ‘41; guests, Dorothy
Pink, ’41. and food, Frances Wood,
'41.

 

 

 
 

of 1942 would have been
checked by the twirling of Van Ellis
and the hitting of Jim Portlcy.
Two innings later Paul batted Bob
Mock home with the winning run.
The score stood 13-12.
As a preliminary, the uppcrcluss-
men sncakcd through with a 4-3

0

Camp Athletics

victory over a live-wire fac-
ulty outfit. “Fireball” Hicks was
very effective except in the second
inning. The students of State col-
loge were introduced to a real
ballplaycr, "Shorty" Dan Snader,
who puts in his spare time as a
Milne supervisor of math.

Believe it or not, even the News
board can boast one athlete in the
person of associate editor John
“Red” Murray. “One play" they
call him. By the hour he stood
there, clad in his gridiron uniform
of suspenders, with trousers at-
tached anti squared-toad shoes. By
the hour be exhausted freshman
after freshman. What were they
doing?

John, “the Terrible Red." was prac-
ticing for the day when he trots
on the field to display his deadly
drop—kicking.

Although Coach Hatfield didn't
deliver his alumni message con-
cerning the spirit of “do or die for
dear old State,” We feel sure his
words would have fallen on deaf
oars. for nearly everyone carried
back to Albany a bruise or scratch
to recall the hours of healthy fun
at camp.

 

 

Harriers Begin Practice

In an early attempt to harden
State's barriers for the long grinds
ahead, captain-manager Louis Fran-
ccilo of the cross country squad has
already launched practice running
sessions through Washington park.
Beginning as short jaunts, the prac-
tice runs will be increasingly longer
as the season progresses. culminat-
ing in regular competitive trots.
According to Franccllo, no deﬁnite
schedule has been arranged, al-
though negotiations with other col-
leges are already in progress.

Cub Classes Will Begin

Cub classes for freshmen students
who register on Activities day for
News work, will begin at noon Mon-
day and Tuesday, October 2 and 3
in room 111. The News is inaugur-
ating a system whereby sophomores,
not appointed to desk editorships,
will be eligible to work for the
positions of feature editors. An ad-
ditional inducement is offered to
those reporters who show superior
ability as feature editors, for there
will be open the position of news
editor and with it, board member-

 

ship.

SCA to Sponsor 

Freshman Course

(Continued from Page 1, Column 4)
The first meeting will be held on
Tuesday, October 10, at noon.

Marion Kingsley, '40, and Stephen
Kusak, ’41, will head Freshmen
commission. This commission will
sponsor an orientation course for
the freshmen. Here the members
of the class of 1943 will learn the
traditions of State college and how
to adjust themselves to its social life.
Meetings are conducted every two
weeks with the ﬁrst one taking place
on Tuesday. October 17, at 3:30
O'CIOCk- Religion Program

The Student and Religion com-
mission has a program divided into
two parts. Mary Miller and Merrill
Walrath, juniors, are in charge of
the ﬁrst part which includes discus-
sions, round-tables, and guest
speakers. All religions are thor-
oughly discussed with the basic pur-
pose of allowing the student to
develop his own theories of religion.
The other part of the program
includes the special worship serv-
ices and other meetings under the
direction of Douglas Dillenbeck, ’41.

Mary Jane McNamara and Robert
Coggcr, seniors, head the Student
Action commission. No deﬁnite
plans are made for this group since
its object is to meet emergencies
as they arise. Last year this group
helped tutor refugees and raised
money for ChineSe relief.

Marriage Discussions

Marriage commission meets every
other week on Thursday at 3:30
o'clock. The commission offers
open discussions and authoritative
speakers on the subject of marriage.
Dorothy Johnson, '41, and Theron
Powell, ’40, head this group.

All students may join SCA and
any of its commissions. Fay Scheer,

 

‘40, and Robert Agne, ’41, are in
charge of membership.

 

 

 

 

 

Dancing, fun, wherever
you go. Great stuff
when alone or with
people. areal

Ploy;

 

IOU

 

 

,su

  
   
  
  

 

 

 

 

l
, I only. Wlnnuv wll
l
l
l
l
l
l
|

on... 0.8. Pet. 0!.

FR

All-wave. No aerlcn, \c around. 1c plug-in.

let me . . .
AFEER IN WIN, and have music, sports, entertainment, everywherol

MAKE 50 ENTRIES IF YOU LIKE!

l

l

I i Contest rules: At your dealsi, save the sale: slip you get when you make a Shealfer purchase of 1°C
l

l

l

l

l

 

 

indoors, outdoors, anywhere. See lhls
set at your supply store now.

AT STATE

WHO WANTS THIS G. E. CARRYABOUT FREE?
Complete with Batteries—Retails s19.95
 lo the student who best compleles this simple sentence in 20

words or less: "Sheulfer's Fineline pencil is best for classroom
work because.............................."

NY ' Like the "pony" full of answers in the back of the book, this
Po 0 contest is a cinch—for here are samples of Finellne information
that will help you who the kind of on entry that may win for you this great radio:

" . . . because Flnellno‘s double-length, thin, menu leach are povmanonllv Ilium." " . . . becom
Flnollne's same-weight halillne, balance and fluid -lie|cl point enable me to wdlo accurate shorthand
and make graphs, Ikelchei, mechanical drawings, oulileuly." . . . “because Flnellne loadI come In 4
colon, and an average year's supply com 0an 15¢." " . .

Ieveulble pro elllng eraser." " . . . becu
I'P“ because Flnellne Is the only REAL pencil wdllno Improvement In

EAFFEKS

PENCILS FROM $l—PENS FROM $2.75
ENSEMBLES FROM $3.95

\
Uses ( 
ti o ‘ '
Lailsl '7. 

       

Drop 

   

It plays as you travel.
Take it canoelng, ukul-
lng, vlslllna.

. because Flnellne has a double-Iliad
use I0 line a line makes inleillnlna, small note; figuring, duck
§4 You". ' GO

or mom SKRIP, Ieodx, adhesives, pens, penclll, eic.). Write your entry on any piece 0 pope! and
send ll (ind the sole: slip to Canvaboui Rodlo Contest, W. A. Slilealfei Pen 03., For! Modhory
lowu. Send as many a: you like—each has a chance to wlnl Judge: decision final. Judges: An a
expo", a lawyer a mlnluov. Remember—you are competing wllh student: on your own campus
l receive his vudlo on November 1 from dealer Indicated on sale: lllp.

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

l a:
/  E.
sumo-wen W ﬁlls g: 5
510 =’ 5
Know Sllealler'sFootliertmicll"pell  E
by tho two-lone point trails-mark" § ‘
-. 

 

 

C ll E M O P U K E
SKRIP. successor
to ink, 15c. Econ-

omy size, 250

cgwwé/NL.
New ihln lead discovery! Femin-

nent sharpness! World'l "slut,
fastest. einooigcst am" writing!

 

PARA-MSW. the
NEW way to paste;
does not curl thin-
nest shoots; linen

IMP

  
  
 
 
 
      
  
    
       
    
          
           
        
        
  
  

n..- a;

 
   
  
      

