    
  
    

 

 

._ . m 3,“.

 

Locum w.

s A-r..:<.,.,.,...ﬁ.;\_ «A

hora,me . ..

,1..,..

 :...-_~.;.._‘-  -‘  .m-

 r<:~:.r;¢.;. 1.;

.. nadir-VIP?!“ ,

 in. yummy; .— ..l.:

a...“ nouns:

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, JANUARY I 3, I939

 

 

Choral Society
- To Give Concert

(Continued from page 1, column 1)
genie Elswood, Carol Golden, Rose
Lison, Pricilla Morton, sophomores;
Barbara Jones, Alberta Lee, Frances
Pratt, freshmen.

2nd sopranos: Betty Baker, Helen
Dunning, Malvina Grossman, June
Palmer, Hazel Thompson, Doro-
thy Warren, seniors; Claribel Deish-
ler, Marion McKee, juniors; Eloise
Hartmann, Theresa Ollvo, sopho-
mores; Madeline Fagan, Virginia
Lay, Elizabeth Olmstead, freshmen.

Altos: Christine Ades, Kathryn
Happel, Hilah Foote, seniors; Jean
DeFilippo, Eleanor Dibble, Mildred
Labrum, Charlotte Neilsen, juniors;
Dorothy Berkowitz, Mary Carson,
Charlotte Hall, Dorothy Mix, sopho-
mores.

Tenors: Robert Martin, James
Sherwood, juniors; Howard Mer-
riam, ’41: William Matthews, '42.

Basses: Cornelius Fogarty, Ken-
neth Doran, Richard Lonsdale, Santi
Porcino, Clement Wolff, seniors;
John Finegan, Louis Fink, Ray
Grebert, Robert Karpen, Frank
Kluge, Albert Parker, Frederic Weed,
juniors; Douglas Dillenbcck, Merrill
Walrath, sophomores.

Committees for the event are:
Betty Baker, '39, general chairman;
Carolyn Mattice. '39, and Lillian
Rivkind, '40, publicity and programs;
Alice Brown, '40, door; Rosemary
Brucker and Lona Powell, sopho-
mores, tickets and ushers. The
ushers are: Doris Barrett, Pauline
Bronstein, Dorothea Devins, Ruth
Edwards, Elaine Harvey, Edna
Hein, Beatrice Hirsh.

 

Colgate Chessmen Bow
To Strong State Squad

The State college chess team
defeated a highly touted Col-
gate university squad last Sat-
urday evening by the decisive
score of 6% to 2%. The match
was played at the SL8 fraternity
house.

Playing nine boards, State won
six, lost two, and tied one. John
Hoose, captain, and playing
member Arthur Fox, '42, play-
ing number one and two boards,
reSI ‘ ' won in contrasting
gan. s. it \ok House 51 rounds
to brine- i. at the defeat of
Colgate’s lUl larlem Marsh, in
a very hot, contested game.
Fox, however, played the short-
est board of the entire engage-
ment as he set up a brilliant
mating combination to overcome
Edward Menasian on the Zist
move.

Steven Shaw, ’40, who is
manager of the State team, was
forced to content himself with a
draw, thus sharing the point
with James Cleveland.

Dr. King, member of the Col-
gate faculty and vice-president
of the New York State Chess as-
sociation, accompanied the visit-
ing squad.

A return match with Colgate
has been tentatively set for
March. Rutgers has been sched-
uled for two encounters in the
spring, and engagements are be-
ing sought with R.P.I., West
Point Military academy, and
Oneonta.

As yet this chess squad is be-
ing conducted on a self-support-
ing basis, but leaders of the team
are attempting to secure M.A.A.
recognition.

///’/7

Cf/iSTiRF/EZDS

the Happy Combination
for More Smoking Pleasure

More smokers every day are
turning to Chesterﬁeld’s happy
combination of mild ripe Amer-
ican and aromatic Turkish
tobaccos—the world’s best ciga-

rette tobaccos.

When you try them you will
know why Chesterﬁelds give
millions of men and women
more smoking pleasure . . .
why THEY SATISFY

Copyright 1939, Linaurr s: MYIJiS Tolmcco Co.

 

Freshmen Debaters

 

Dramatics Class to Give Plays

vate Passow Leader (Continued from page 1, column 5) Dilienbeck, Barbara Ferree, Doris

Squad Will Meet Sophomores
in Assembly Rivalry Clash

plans for the season.

freshman debate coach.

Harry Passow was elected chair- man,
man 0f the Squad and Lothar Donlay, Marilyn Groff, Marie La- eans,
Schultz will be corresponding secre- loude,
tary for the group. They will work Noveul,

Livingston, Miriam Newell,
Poulell, _ Sh
MeSChlm. ahd Joseph WithGY. SOPh- Catherine OBryan, Catherine a-
omoresi Drops, Douglas Rector, '40. fer, sophomores, and Louis Finkr
all; sarcasm .rzlsr  mist  lia- 

' o nson, ara .
ization meeting last Monday after- tsegtanggﬁgxm' Gertrude Lehman.
noon, elected officers, aggedllslcéléssﬁg Margaret Pal?“ Wilmer“, Simmons'

5 T e m n

was supervised by Mr. Louis 03323;,1323: e g'
Jones, instructor in England and Carlson’ grad.

Jane Hanford, Alma

Lona Grossman,
Loretta KelleY. Virginia Knowles, Virginia McDermott,

 

Ades Supervises Class

sophomores, The dancing dam is still meeting
’40 and Roy every Friday afternoon in the Lounge
1 of Richardson hall at 3:30 o’clock.

chair- Chris Ades, who is supervising the di-
Virginia rection of the embryo terplschor-
has announced that after

Smith,

Costumes, Irene Pogor,
Louisa Chapman,

Ann McGuinness,

Frances White, sopho- would be dancers will be increased.

in cooperation With M158 Jane S. mores, Alice Brown, Ruth Finkle. Contrary to the usual State tradi-

Wilson, '40, debate manager.

and Irene Semanek, juniors; adver- tion which calls for a lack of men,

‘ hibited an
Under Miss Wilson’s supervision, tising, Thomas Vassilliw, chairman, dancing classes have ex I
work on the new schedule is pro- Robert Agne, Josephine Autllio, Wil- alarming paucity of States fem-

gressing rapidly. Meets will be ar- 11am Camel'On.

Francis Cassidy, inine dancers. A great many men

ranged with most of the squads en- Charles Manso, Rosemary McCar- are turning out each Friday and

gaged last year. The freshmen

 

thy, Hyman Meltz. Jean Scott, Irv- they could have a better time if

will com ete for the first, time this ing Smith, Geraldine Pleat, Helen more girls were on hand to super-
semesterpon Friday when they win Clarke, sophomores, and Ellen Ped- vise the dancing. Refreshments are

be pitted against the sophomores in
the many-times-postponcd
debate on the subject: "Resolved,
that this house approves the policy

‘of State students going steady while

in college." l

 

 

JUNIOR PROM

Feb. 10
Sec “Charlie” Franklin, ’39
for

WALDORF
“TUX or TAILS”

 

 

crson, '40; house. Janet MacDonald, served so come and get something
rivalry chairman, Virginia Davis, Douglas to eat.

 

 

Geo, D. Jconey, Prop Dial 5-1913

Boulevard Cafeteria
Grill

and

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY, N. Y.

      
  

 

Enes examinations the opportunities for

135‘..th

  

 

 

 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

    
 

...thc blend that can ’t be copied
...the RIGHT COMBINATION of the
world ’s best cigarette tobaccos

 

 

 

 

 

tate College 

 

 

“.2 .

Co I

Q‘
:49. A

   

    

"l

     

'4, ‘4’}; .

 

Z-443

Today’s Assembly
Features Class
Rivalry Debate

Freshmen Out to Cut Lead
Enjoyed by Sophomores
in Today’s Clash

John Edge, '39, president of the

 

student association. announces that

this morning’s assembly would
feature the many—times-postponed
rivalry debate between the fresh-
men and sophomore classes. This
debate will count two and one—
half points in rivalry and will be
centered on the following resolu-
tion: "Resolved, that this house ap-
proves the policy of State students
going steady while in college." The
sophomores will uphold the negative
of this proposition while the fresh-

Inen are to present the case for the.

affirmative.
Juniors Coach Squad
The sophomore squad. coached by
Rita Sullivan, '40, is composed of,
Rosemary McCarthy, first speaker;
John Murray, second speaker; and
Louise Snell, rebuttal. The fresh-

men aggregation will include Jean-l

ettc Ryerson. first speaker; Harry
Passow, second speaker; and Thomas

Augustine, rebuttal. The freshmenl

arc coached by Jane Wilson, '40.

Each of the constructive speakers“
minutes 1

will be permitted scvcll
speaking time; rebuttals will be five

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 2o, l939

bany officials.’

ship.

[Colgate Alumni Creates
Adina  Scholarship

Two Hundred Admirers Gather at Mohawk Country Club
to Honor Member of First Red Raider Eleven

 

Two hundred persons gathered re-

ligth of this tribute was the crea-

lwell Higgins, president of the as-

 

Speecll Courses
Have New Room

 

Sound Proof Room Contains

Local Station Hook-up
and Receiving Set

I The English department's need for

used for speech and recording is in
the process of being satisﬁed. Ml'.
:‘Hunt, chief engineer, is carrying out
Dl'. Brubachcr's orders to outﬁt room
207 of Draper hall so that it may
be as nearly sound proof as pos-
sible.

‘ The plan which is being followed
has been advanced by broadcasting
engineers. The room will be iii-
sulatcd with celotex allowing four

a sound proof room which may be

Vociation.

_ At the banquet “Riz” was pre-
lscnted a very beautiful gold plaque
1by Dr. John M. Sayles, director of
'traiuing. This plaque bears the seal
of Colgate on one side and an in-
scription suggested by Dr. Sayles on
the other.

Several members of our college
llaculty were in attendance at this
affair in Professor Risiey's honor.
Prominent in attendance were: Dr.
,A. R. Brubacher, president of the
wollegc; Dr. Milton G. Nelson, dean
lof the college; Dr. Donnal V. Smith,
professor of social studies; Dr. Clar-
once F. Hale, professor of physics;
and Dr. John M. Sayles. director of
'aining,
Prior to the banquet, “Riz” was
interviewed by Coach Andy Kerr of
Colgate on a program carried
:thl'ough station WGY over a
flul‘gc NBC hookup. The Red Raid-
cl‘s‘ mentor questioned Risley on his

 

l

r.

This scholarship as drawnup by
cently at the Mohawk Country club the Eastern New York Alumni as-
to pay tribute to Adna W. Rfsley, a sociation of Colgate university will
mainstay of Colgate university’s first be offered to the high school stu-
football squad and the ‘dean of Al- dent in this locality best meeting
One of the high- the qualifications that are to be
determined in the near future. This
tion of The Adna W. Risley Scholar— ,scholarship was announced by Con-

mm‘ms “1 length: iinchos of air space between the wall li‘ill'ly I'OOLball career, on his years
Edge will preside over the debate. and [he 1 beam, The ceiling will ,us an arbiter on the gridiron, and
Judges are to be: Dr. Caroline LCS- Do a false covering. The air ﬁlled i'flllcel‘nlhg 1118 VIEWS 011 football as
for. instructor of mathematics. Dl'. splice which completely surrounds ll 18 Dial/0d imiﬂy.
Cul‘lt‘loll 13- POWCI'. Professor of tho room serves to make the sound Since he played football at the
science and Mr. Edward L. Cooper. pi'i)()lllOSS of the room Cﬂ'eciivC by control New York state school, 'Riz'
instructor in commerce, preventing the entrance of noises Wide 11 name for himself as a foot—
Quurtcite to Sing from the outside. bull official. He had handled alarge

During. the me mmuu imam,» VF. ,, room will be ventilated by m, number. of Important gridiron
Sim, between comm-mu“. Speeches 1mm.ch System. However. when we clashes In filo cast and as far west
and l'cbuttals, it is planned to pre- l'OOlil is to be used for classroom “5 DUN“- ThO Albany man” was
sent a very versatile qual'tctte thatlpurpcscs. the insulation may be re~ ""9 91 ill“ row @1110???“ 0.1110315
was originally scheduled for appear- ‘lllOVCd from in front of the black— ,SCF‘V'IPB ‘1 Simummg A rating.
mice in last week's talent show. The boards and windows. RM has been one Of the leaders

remainder of the program will bc‘ Mr. Hunt plans to insulate thcdn “1? PCUWFY 9f, ,the COJQHLO
Moreover‘thehllll‘llll in ths v1c1nlty. It was

given over to announcements and floor at a later date.

any business that might be pro-
posed.

The sophomores are going into.

this debate thoroughly convinced
that they will emerge victorious. Last
year, the class of 1941 scored a
startling upset by defeating the class
of 1040 in a debate on the honor
system. This triumph was largely
rcsponslble for making last year's
rivalry end a tie.

The freshmen. on the other hand.
appear just as confident.

pl'cscnt frame of the door is false
so that there might be no connection
with the outside.

William Hardy, instructor in Eng—
lish, who has been working along
Willi the engineers on this project
announces a series of innovations,
namely, that the room will be on
u hook-up with all the local radio
sullions. It will also be equipped
with a radio receiving set, Still
lulI-l', it is hoped. an amateur radio
.‘lilIlOll will be installed liL‘l‘C.

New Ruling foribues Collection
[Wakes State Financial History

@_____
Last Friday financial history wus'lhlll-

Illlldc lll Sluto collogc \ylloll filo stil—
(lollt ussocllilloll pussod ii l'I-solutloil
olllpoWol'lllg Stiltli‘lll collllcli to col-
lool ull oigllt Ilollul' duos foo f'l'olll
ouch llloollllllg l'l‘oslllllllll bogilllllllg
lll‘.\'l Soplolllbol'. Lloyd Kolly, '40,
vloo—pl'oslIiI-Ill of sllldolll ussocllllioll.
sponsor of lili‘ l-osollllloll lll Silldclll
oolllloll. lllll'oducod lllo l‘i‘hlillillUll
illlfi :vpoko (lll ll l“(lil(l\\‘llll', :l (lis-
c;l.\.~.loll lilo loglslulloll wus pussod
hy llll Ivol'wllolllllllg lllujol'lly.

Ull(lf‘l' this syslolll, olu'll ll'osluluill
will pay u sum of oighl dolllll's ul
tho Hillllo limo of puylllolll ol sludolll
ills. 'i‘lll- lllolloy, which Will l)i.‘ col—
loclod llllfii‘l‘ Illl- sllpol'vlsioll of Hill—
Ilolll oollllcll, \vlll oovol' lllo ullllllul
class duos of two lloillll's pol' your
for tho olllll'o l'oul' yours. This will
l'osull. III u olllss blldgol of $000 pcl‘
your or $2.400 for thc clltil‘o four-
youl' pcrlod and will provide for u.
more cIlIllpl'cllcllslvc program off
class activities. Ill cusc Unit the,
entire amount is not uscd lll one!
your, lilo. sum l'clmiillillg will be
added to the budget for tho following
your. The resolution also provided.
that the budget for any year can
be altered by a two—thirds vote of
that class.

Many reasons haVe been advanced
by Kelly for initiating this resolu-

lcollccllslls is that this new system

First, the class treasurers llavo
oxpol'l’ollccd great difficulty cvcry
,\'(lll‘ lll collocfillg class dllcs with

lllo l'osuli that drivos llll(l to bo:
llltol'vuls.,
‘Ullzlol' this systclll fllc clurs trolls-

lllullcllod Ill fl'cqllollt
lll'f‘l‘ will be relieved ol' this duty
ulld u lllol'o I'l'ficiclll systolll of col-
loclioll lllslllutcd, li‘lll'tllol‘lllorc, if
ll. loll lllul lilo ll'oslllllull will bl-
bollol' lil'l'jlill'f‘fi to “loot this puy-
lllolll upon olllol'illg collogc lllull
lllli‘i' dul'lllg lilo following yours
will“ ho illls lllully other oxpollsos.
'i‘lll:. would lolld Io ollmllllllo lilo
lil'ohf‘lll situation ill which solllol'l.
pul up ull buck duos ill lilo Illllol'
purl of tho solllol‘ your lll ()l'fli‘l' lo
l-ooolvo a touching rocollllllolldulllll
ll‘lllll tho collogc, Allolllol' I'ousoll
l>. Illul this systclll [)l'()\'iflf‘h for u
lullol' schedule of class functions,
()luss blulqucts could be offered f'i'oo:
lo lllolllbcl's of the ("1185, and filluil-
cllll risks as ill the case of Prom
ol' Soiree would be lessened.

A cross-section of student opin-
l()ll l'cvolils favorable reaction. Tho

 

 

 

is II progressive one and provides
fol an efficient method of handling
collections of dues. One opinion is
that the system looks good on paper,
but the question lies in how Well it
will work out next September.

,largely through his efforts that the
llong established custom of Saturday
alumni luncheons at the University
club was initiated.

liuniors Arrange
, Festive Weekend

l
l Plans for Junior Weekend are
pouring completion. according to
Joseph Cappioilo, '40, vice-president
ol' the class and general chairman.
‘Bids l'or Prom will sell for $3.75; Tea

 

 

Dance, $1.50; and Luncheon, $1.00,
A blanket price for juniors for the
entire weekend has been set at $5.50,
,li‘l'uilcis Murphy and his Tch Eyck
band have bocll scoured for Tell
,IJlIIIcc.

Prom. the outstanding event of'
Junior chkolld, will be conducted
at tho Alll'illllll clllb on Friday evo-
lllllg, February 10, from 10:00 to 2:00
o'clock. chgic Cllilds and his or-
f'ill'hll'il will furnish the music.

'l‘ilo quccll who will rolin och' the
ovolllllg's l'cslivillos will be cllosoll
ll'lllll lilo l'oliowulg llolllinccs: Mary
Al'lldl., Eloise lilll‘tlllllilll, Dorothy
l"l‘ll('lllll'd. Ruby Stewart, and June
Wilson, The qucon‘s identity will be
kopt ﬁf‘til'L‘l, IIllIll Llli.‘ evening of
Mom.

'l‘llo Ilow progl'llllls promise lo llc
I-spocluily llttI'lIcich and original.
'l‘lloy are done ill celluloid and gold
ililfl arc clllbosscd with the Slate
soul.

'l‘ou Dance will be held in the
logic room ol' tho Alumni Residence
hulls on Saturday, February 11, from
2:30 to 5:30 o’clock. Francis Mur-

 

Raml Is First Senior
To Sell Short Story

Gordon Rand, '39, managing
editor of both the Lion and the
Echo, has become the senior
class's ﬁrst successful author
by virtue of the sale of a
vignette to the American Maga-
cmc.

Tough. Guy, which was
printed in the spring issue of
the Echo last year is the first
short story that Rand has at-
tempted to sell to a national
magazine. It is the tale of the
fountain attendant that meets
up with the supposedly big
bandit and ﬁndswoh well buy
a copy of American and find
out. Rand was a member of
Mr. William Hardy’s English
10 class and Dr. Thompson’s
Creative Writing course.

His success has helped to
make many of the literary
seniors conscious of the maga-
zine ﬁeld as a recipient for their
stories.

And so, GTR give me your
penny.

 

S.C.A. to Sponsor
Organ—Recitals

Miss Katherine Duffield,
State Secretary

association will sponsor organ re-
citals during the ﬁrst week of ex—
aminations from 12:30 to 1:00
o'clock in the Unitarian chapel on
Washington avenue.

All interesting program of faculty
and student organists has been ar-
ranged by the chairmen. Catherine
Adams, ‘39, and Jean Mitchell, '40.
The program for the week is as
follows: Monday, Merrill Walrath,
'41; Tuesday, Dr. Harold Thompson,
professor of English; Wednesday, Dr.
T. Frederick H. Candlyn. assistant
professor of music; Thursday, Wal-
rath; and Friday, Hazel Roberts, '42,

the Student Christian

of Richardson hall.

hull.

tcc found smile vol-y
answers to their qucstlolls.

The only question to

quostiolls into social relations, rc-
llgloil, and business. The question
of social l'ollltlolls (soul lilo group

illinc groups.

there be a double standard of con-
duct for men and women?", rc-
suited lll these figures: females, 4-1
no, males, 21-0 no. To the ques-
tion "Is infidelity in women to be

plly, who will furnish music, may be more criticized than in men?”. the

hcurd on Tuesday nights at 11:15
o’clock over WOKO.
Junior Luncheon will precede the

Tea Dance and will be held at the 3—1 no, and male 7-1 :10.

results were: female 6-1 110, male
5-! no. To the question, “Is divorce
wrong", the results Were: female
Another

'I‘eu Eyck hotel at 12:00 o'clock noon. question was, “Do you believe that
Speakers for the occasion are Mr. marriages should be made within
Louis C. Jones, instructor in Eng— oue's own racial group?" the re-

 

lish, and Dr. Allen J. Hicks, profes— suits were, female 2-1 no, male 3-1
sor of guidance. no.

Special Meeting to Feature

Once again the Student Christian

The first and second cabinets of
association
will hold a special meeting next
Friday at 3:30 o'clock in the Lounge
Miss Katherine
Duffield, state secretary of the Stu- I unit in itself, are tending to give way
dcnt Christian Movement in New
York state, will address this meeting. lter courses." It is believed that a con-
Freshmen commission will hold its lsidcrable portion of our curriculum
first meeting of the second scmcs—lis organized 0“ the baSiS Of War
m,- Thursday‘ February 9' at 3:30 courses. and it has seemed that in
O’clock in the Lounge of Richardson ; those courses it may be advantageous

 Analyze
State Students ’ Philosophies

____ o__—__-D._ ._.. . __.
'I‘llc ingenuity of State college stu-l The religious subdivision proved
dcilts reached a very llltcrcstlllglulost interesting. In answer to the
climax in the History 120 lccture‘qucstioll, "Do you believe that God
section. A questionnaire of 42 qucs- luul human attributes?", the Cath-
tions on each individual's pllllosophy, olics answered 2-1 yes, the Agnostic
mode by a committee from the class, and Jewish, 8-0 and 10-1. HO. 1‘6-
was given on Monday, January 10. SilvcilVeli’.
On the following Wednesday, after about evenly divided
tubulutlilg tile results, the commit-ilioll, "Do you believe that law is
lullusihg lllltul'olly

receive one“: .
llllullllllolls approval ll'Olll the class Jews“ “ml. Ag“"'”l“" “0'
was: HIS law necessary?” The (,OlnHOLlli’l' question on religion, “Do you
lllittce divided up the remaininnglink membm'sm“ “1 “ recognized

 

l i . .
was dividcd into masculine and lean ,l “C” “"3” “WHY “1"“10‘1.

Oilc interesting question, "Should hilltllflll-‘i hilt!

 

V€I.. X No. 14

Nelson Explains
New Procedure
in Examinations

Comprehensives Will Replace
Usual Semester Finals
in Year Courses

by John A. Murray

Recent announcements in certain
courses, to the effect that a new
system of comprehensive examina-
tions at the close of a year's study
would be substituted for the pre-
vailing system of final examinations
at the close of each semester, have
provoked much comment among stu-
dents in the various classes as to
the implications of this action. As
is often the case in such situations,
many of the impressions received by
the students via the ‘grape-vine
telegraph' have been either mislead-
ing or inaccurate. Other students
have professed an almost complete
ignorance concerning the details of
the recently announced plans. In
order to correct or complete these
impressions, an interview was sought
with Dr. Milton G. Nelson, dean of
the college.

January Break to Go

Dr. Nelson explained that the new
systeln was being adopted to do
away with that complete break in
college study at the end of January
and the intensification of work and
worry with long papers due. With
examinations in every course just
two or three weeks after the Christ-
mus holiday. students have found
January the drab month of the year.
He pointed out that this was par-
ticularly disheartening to students,
because mid-winter climate is so
gloomy and since this is the season
when colds and other health plagues
are at their worst. He added that
"the traditional division of the
academic year into two halves does
not seem logical for those students
who are registered in year courses
where the assumption is made that
there is a continuous period of study
beginning in September and ending
lin June."
Tile dean stated that current
“trends in American education point
out the fact that many courses, each a

 

l to system of units larger than semes-

ICon/inucd on mch 1,, column 1)

and Protestants were

On the ques-

dividcd into two parts,
good and bad?”. the result was Cath-
cvculy divldcd, Protestant,
In an-

cllul'cil, llcccssllry?”. the results were,
Protestant, 7’2—1, Ilo, Agnostic, li—l,
no, .Jchsll, 2-1, no, and tho Cutlio-

On the problolll of business the
diversified opinions.
Olic ol the questions asked was, "Is
govorlllllcnt designed prilllarily to
protect private property/'9”. The re-

:‘sults were, farlilcr 2-1, yes, business

3-2 no, labor, even, professional 2—1,
no. On the question, “Do you con-
sider the business man to be in a
lower class than the professional
inun?". the ansWers were, farmer
5-1 no, business 9—! no, labor 3-1.
no, professional 8-! no.

On the whole this discussion gave
an idea of the personal philosophies
of the students of the college in
regard to a variety of subjects.

  

    

