 

  

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 17, 1939

 

llorner Defends Lincoln

(Continued from page 1, column 2)
of English. a secretary to a univer-
sity president, a dean of a college,
executive secretary of a state teach-
ers' association and editor of its
Journal, and has ﬁlled various ad-
ministrative posts in the New York

 

state education department. Just cidents and observations on campus the very near future. At the pres-
recently, he resigned as associate life. The second, State of Affairs, em; rate of ﬁnancial return, this
commissioner of education, a posi- contains
tion that gave him the oversight world events.

 

of higher and professional education.

Dr. Horner came to State college these columns is welcomed.
in 1917 as a director of the sum- the NEWS will be glad to receive Victoria Bllzi, Virginia Bolton, Joan
remained as any communications from the stu- Byron,
dean of the college through 1923. dent body. No communication,how- Dayton, Della Dolan, Nan Emery.
He is the editor of several brochures ever. will be recognized unless the Virginia
for use in the public schools and is author signs his name.

mer session and

the author of an excellent biography
on Andrew Sloan Draper.

Horner earned the degree of A. B. t

from the university of Illinois and communicate with them.

holds an AM. degree from this col-

 

lege. State also singled out this Weekly for those freshmen interested neth Doran. Hall Downey. Robert
man for an honorary degree oflin editorial work on the News. At- Gorman, Thomas Laverne, Richard
tendance is necessary for promotion. Lonsdaie. William Ryan. Charlesl

PhD.

 
 
 
 
 

he s teriield

. ..the blend that can’t be copied
...the RIGHT COMBINATION of the
world ’s best cigarette tobaccos

Copyright 1939, Licorrr a Mrtns ’folmcco Co.

DraperIFranklin, ’39. sports editors of the Lowry. Elaine Morse. Bernice Mose-
is the prominent educator and poli- News, are making plans for conduct- by, Mary O'Donnell. Marion Rocke-
tician after Whom our administra- ing cub classes for those persons fellel', and Betty Sherwood.

tiVe building was named. interested in sports writing. All

New Columns Appear
In F orlhcoming luuee

With the Change in editor-‘1th this (Continued from page 1, column 5)
semester. tWO new columns Will ap- Dr, Sayles, who has been an en-
Pear reBUlﬁl'lY m the forthcoming thusiastic leader in this drive, feels
issues of the News. The ﬁrst. that if the money continues to come
Kampus Kapers. is 5 Miscellaneous in as rapidly as it is at the present
column reDlRClng the Statesman time, he will engage an architect to
and Hellenics, and will contain in- draw plans for the new building in

personal comments on building should be in use at the
end of the next four years.
The women seniors who will act

Also as captains are: Elizabeth Austin.

Expression of student reaction to

Grace Castigline. Marion
Furey, Harriet Green.
Kathryn Happel. Marie Jesse, Anne
Betty Clark. ’40. and Charlelealichman. Frieda Kurkhill. Helen

The following are the men ap-
hose interested are requested to pointed by Miss Hayford to act in
.the capacity of captains of the
Cub classes are being conducted men's teams: Joseph Bosley. Ken-

l-Housing Drive Will Begin Today

 

Menorah Society to Meet

Herbert Frankel, president. an-
no'unces that there will be a regular
m’éEt'i'r‘iEof Menorah society Thurs-
day, at 3:30 O’clock, in room 211.
At that time, Rabi Hochman, of

Sayies and Mrs. Bertha Brimmer
I - l
secretary of the Alumni association. Ema] $3511: ggtggefagggg agglggsghlﬁ

According to Melanson, there will dox Judiasm,” Must people do not
be a general meeting of all the cap- know the different between the two
tains in the near future, and the philosophies, and this discussion Will
progress of the drive will be re- aim to Clm'lly these DOlhtS- EVEI‘Y-
ported to the student body. one lS thitEd '30 Gome-

 

Shafer, Michael Waiko.
Captains will collect pledges and.
conduct council meetings with Dr.

 

 

Geo. D. .lconey. Prop Dial 5-1913

Boulevard Cafeteria

and Grill

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

You'll enjoy these three stars in

"WINGS OF THE NAVY"
A Cosmopolitan production re-
leased by Worner Bros. coming
soon to your local theatre.

     

‘k GEORGE BRENT *OLIVIA cle HAVILLAND *JOHN PAYNE

Chm/Zhahb/e

that gives millions More Pleasure

. . . and millions of people before and after the
show are getting more pl Insure from the happy
combination of mild ripc American and 'I‘urkish

ll is the

iobuccos found in Chesterﬁeld.

cm of way these tobaccos are com-

bined together that makes Chcsicrliclds milder

and gives them a more pleasing taste and

aroma. This exact combination is found in no
other cigarette.

When you try them you will know why Chester-
ﬁelds give millions of men and women more
smoking pleasure . . . why THEY SA’l‘ISFY

    

 
   
   

 

 

 

 

   
   
   
  

 

was ceases

State CollegewNevvs

 

 

Lu", 3. well

cs.--
ron newness r—v /

 

 

 

 

74-443

Noted Authority
Will Be Narrator I
At Fashion Show!

Panel Discussion to Featurel
Supervising Principals l
Next Saturday ,'

I

Thursday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock
in the auditorium of Page hall. Mrs, ‘
Mildred Graves Ryan. noted fashion;
expert, will address all seniors and;
graduates students at a meeting}
sponsored by the Appointment bu-
reau. This meeting will feature or
fashion show staged by a commit—l
tee of senior women. i

Mrs. Ryan. who is an alumna of,
State college. is well known as any
authority on fashions and clothes.
and is the author of several books
including “Your Clothes and Per-
sonality" and “Your Home and
Family." She will discuss the proper
clothes and appearance for the
teacher and will act as narrator for
the fashion show.

The clothes will be used to illus-
trate what to wear during an inter-
view. ihe first day of school. and.
during social functions. The clothes'
will be modeled by a group of senior
girls. The committee in charge of the
fashion show includes: Kathryn
Adams, Betty Baker. Hilah Footc.
Virginia Hall. Betty Hayford, Anne
Kalichman. Elaine Morse, June Pal-
mcr. Virginia chener. Emily White,
seniors, and Elinor Graves, grad.

Next Saturday morning. from
10:00 to 12:00 o'clock in the audi-
torium of Page hall. a panel discus-I
sion conducted by ﬁve supervising
principals from the surrounding re-
gion will take place. The guest
speakers include: Mr. F. Reming-
ton Furlong, supervising principal of,
Coeymans Central high schoolw
Cocymans; Mr. Ralph J. Stanley. 511- I
pcrvising principal of Hadley—Luz-I
crne Central high school, Hadley-
Luzcrnc; Mr. Arnold B. Copping,l
Berlin Central high shool. Berlinp
Mr. Richard R. Wurth, supervisingi
principal of Rocsslcville Central?
high school, Rocsslevillc; and Mr. El
Edward Thompson. supervising prin- !
cipaI of Borne—Knox Central high,
school. Borne-Knox. I

The discussion will center on thcl
question "What the high school‘
principal looks for in a beginning
icachcr" and “What community rc-
lnliouships the beginning teachers

 

S'I‘A'l‘ii COLLEGE rou 'I‘IaACIIILIis, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, l*‘l".iil<11;\l{Y 24, I939

 

Calendar for the Week
The STATE Common News will
run a calendar of the week’s
events in each issue to aid stu-
ents and decrease the number
of announcements in the as-
sembly. The calendar for the
week is as follows:
Feb. 24 Student Association
Business meeting.
24 Sophomore party.
2" R.P.I. basketball
game.
25 Varsity debate with
Colgate.
28 Inicrnational Rela-
tions club meeting.
28 Marriage commission
meeting.
Pi Gamma Mu Tea.
S.C.A. meeting.
2 Spanish club meet-
ing.
Senior fashion show.
Frosh debate R.P.I.
First radio broadcast.

Mar.

Mh—n

[CNN

State Will Give

First Broadcast

lBrulzlacher to Open Program;
Students to Dramatize
College History

I
I

Thursday afternoon from 4:00

to 4:30 o‘clock. State college
will broadcast its first radio pro-
gram from the newly equipped
soundproof studio iii Draper hall.
The presentation will come to the
radio audience direct from room 207,
and through arrangements with
WOKO will be heard over that sta-
Lion.
‘ The program will include an
introductory speech by Dr. Abram
R. Brubachcr. president. followed by
a dramatization in ﬁve scenes of the
early history of the college.

 

 

 

Assembly Meeting
To Discuss Tax

Lonsdale to Submit Report
on State Honor Code
in Meeting Today

This morning‘s assembly will be
given over to a business meeting of
the Student association. The early
part of the program will be given
over to the Forum 01' Politics.

With Speaker Robert Cogger. ’40,
at the helm, the political forum will
discuss the following resolution:
“Resolved. that this forum go on
record as opposing any move on the
part of certain members of the
U. S. Congress to levy any tax whose
only purpose is to tax chain stores
out of existence."

The Forum of Politics. known last
year as the ConsLiLutional Assem-
bly. is an organization of State stu—
dents intercstcd in state and na-
tional affairs. it was organized only
a year ago, as the direct result of a
suggestion made before the student
association in a speech by Dr. Robert
Ricnow, instructor of social studies.

During the business session. sev—
eral important bills will be sub-

mitted to the studan body alongld‘m R1111(1- Rlltll SillOVQi’. SCIllOl‘S; be
with a report [mm me 110nm. Hys_ lRuLh Domlclly. '40; WillIam Millel‘,‘spcciai dances, and a prize for the

tom committee. It embodies the

suggestions and findings of the com—

mittee. Richard Lonsdale, ’39, chair-
man. will submit the report that has

(prcc'tcd lo make." The subjects ofmy. wmmm Ryun‘ 39; Robert Mm._

li‘lli‘l‘S of application. ethics. and
personal nppcm'uucc will also be con-
sidered. A general discussion will
follow. in which questions from the
floor will be answered. All Seniors
and gr-Iduziic siudcnls arc cxpi'clctl}
to niiclul; IIIulcl'grniluuii's are in-
vllod, :

Seniors and graduate sludculn are
given lliilll March 2 to hand in their:
schedules for the second :ii'llli‘Hli‘i'.
Ai'IcI' llllll (lute. llli‘ Appoiuimcnl
lIIII'I-uu will not be responsible lUl'
locuIlIIg persons whom- schedule
curds lil'i' hill in the office.

Frederick Will-Speak
At Cleveland Meeting I

1111. Edward Pcrrciz. and Marion

Wnlkcr. juniors; Olive Baird. John
('iardvphc, and
sophomores.

Shirley Tookcr.

Fraternities Conduct
Formal lnitialions

Oil Sulul'duy ullcrIIoon, February

Ill. Simon Lambda Sigma l'orIIuIlly
miliulml (-lcvvn pledges into regular mg ill llllll‘H and miles of colion
iill'llll)i‘i'hl'il]) in llli‘ i‘I'uIcI'nliy. ’l‘hc lipids. li'l mo not you right. now.
following pledges \\'(’l‘i‘ initiated: l‘i(l- yAlihough l'vi- strained my eyes to
par ’i‘ompkius. lI'viug Bliss. Poll-Ijlook III the pure-2mg sccucry, unlil
ll‘ulvlo, Mnxsou Ri-I'vcs. flurry Jor— ‘lhigv'ro almost pink. so for I’m such

iIIII. AllnII SlIIIquIIs, ’l‘homns

(ii'illlii‘. .lohu Mlli'lli‘ll. ll'i'hllllii‘ll;

The script has been written and
produced by the college radio guild.
under the direction of William G.
Hardy and Louis C. Jones, instruc-
tors in English.

The first scene is concerned with
the success of David Perkins Page,
ﬁrst principal of the new State Nor-
mal school, in his attempt to ﬁrmly
establish his educational experiment
as a permanent institution. In the
second scene. Albert Husted. the
great soldier-scholar, figures prom-
inently during the vicious battle
between the State Normal company
and Confederate opposition. The
dramatic war setting. with students
and teachers fighting side by side.
makes an especially interesting
highlight.

The main plot of the third scene
is furnished by Kate Stoneman. an
ardent man-hater and instructor in
the Normal college. who preached
her demands for women's rights in
her classes. The fourth dramatized
incident is the memorable ﬁre of the
old college buildings in 1906. The
final scene is concerned with the
building of Draper hall in April.
1914. and Dr. Brubacher‘s hopes and
plans at that time. The program
will close with the playing of the
Alma Mater.

John Edge, president of the stu-
dent association. will be the nor—
rator. The cast for the program in-
cludes J. Edmorc Mclanson. Ken-
nclh Dorun. Raymond Walters. Gor-

 

;Allllll Knowles. John Gardophc.
‘Elhcl Cohen. Beatrice Dower. Gerald
Saddlcmirc. Clarence Olson. sopho-
Imores; Thomas Parsons and Ainard

fbccn prepared under his supervision GI‘lllmld- l'l't‘ﬁllllli‘ll-

Squalor and Pov

; .,. ‘(XllL No. 17
IOwls to Battle Engineers

1
 Tomorrow on Home Court

 

VARSITY CAPTAIN

o _—

State ‘Out’ to Avenge Defeat

Suffered Early in Year
on Troy Court

PREDl—CT VICTORY

Quintet Will Tackle Rivals
in Season’s Last Game
in Page Hall Gym

by Joseph Boslcy

The State Owls will attempt to-
morrow night to avenge their ﬁrst
defeat of the season when they
again tackle the Engineers of R.P.I.
in the last intercollegiate basketball
game of the year.

In the second game. of our cur-
. rent spotty season, R.P.I. presented
us with a pulse-raising 29-22 defeat
in a game which We will not forget
in a hurry. In that fiesta of basket-
ball, the Owls had more trouble
finding the basket than your Aunt
Agatha has to thread a needle. After
the contest. the prophets, who pre-
dicted a State victory, began to
crowd the ground-hogs for space.

R.P.I. Has Successful Year

, It cannot be denied that R.P.I.

has had a very successful season.
Victorie v - t , ' k ,
Julius Duke Hersh. '39, captain of Stevenss iiitsiiihiiifoiaiig, Pills
the VRFSIW Squad- Union with losses to Union and Col-

 gate give thc Engineers at record of
six wins and two losses. State stacks
a record of 6—6 against this. Play-

Sophomores to Have
ing Brooklyn and McGill on nights
following State’s encounters with the

Party in Commons
two teams. R.P.I. handed them much

3 The sophomore class will stage its worse lacings than did the Owls.

lj‘Suppressed Desires" party tonight The Rensseluer ﬁve has many
In the Commons of Hawley hall. points in its favor. It has played
Ifrom 8:00 until 12:00 oclock. Tillie most of its games at home on a
Iswmv general Chairman or the court to which it has been very dif-
icvent. has planned an entertaining “cult for opposing teams to adjust
Program for the evenmg- themselves. Besides, the Troy ag-
; The novel theme of the party, gregmmn has had no long trips to
I‘-hat 0f hill/mg me people come wear them down and lead their bas-
ldrcssed us a person they always kctball astray. Whatever the rea-
wanicd L0 be. has aroused much en- son may be Rensselael. has had a
illusiasm among the sophomores. Swen season’ and is probably com
BuSlClCS the regular dance, there will ﬁdem of adding. another scalp to

entertainment. refreshments, its wigwam 01. engine mom

,most novel costume. Donald ""5 Fun 5mm“

The entertainment will consist of 003011 Donald feels that lllS Squad
skits. songs by a quartet. a harmon- Wlll be llﬂlldlcaDlJCCl by the Size of
ion group, and many other special L119 Page hall gym- Alli-‘1' Playing
Ifcuturos. The admission is free. 011 ll COUI‘C E15 large as 0. William.

., MA- . .. W  a the Trojans will probably be climb-
ing the walls of our conservative
layout. Donald is heartened by the
return to the center post of Carmen,

 

 

erty Displace

Glamour and Grandeur of South of whom big things were expected

«Ira-Ir mil/or. Alici- Aliclovc, I'l']H)l'/H
IllltUlll ll(!l‘ trip from Soul/I Cill'itllillll.

ii' any of you "guys" and “gals”
,lIuI‘I' ully illusions ol' the gluuuu'ous
soullI. with the largo wlIllir—pilllu'cd
plnulnilou houses and dul'kios sing-

I
.
I tl'llll'llllll' to Florida, sophomore
|

 

nothing. uol even tho illi‘l‘L‘h‘L som-
l)lllll('i' oi llll' Igl‘uudclu' oi llli' old

The lilllllllll lili‘i'lliliL oi Ilu' Super- HUM.” Kmpml Fwd WW”, mum”: mum.

\Is.or;. oi' Hludvui ’l‘ouchiug will be
('iillllll('ll'(l III ('li‘\'i‘llill(l, Ohio. 1Vlou«
(lily li|l(l 'l‘uosilny. l)I', iiobcrl W.

l
i

1

Hill .llllili'h‘ iVIIIloIIov. ’tli. Il‘oilowilu.’

iho IIIlliIIllou iho llli‘lillli‘l‘b‘. lllll'llili'il islm'kcsl povcrly iunilgluulilc.
I llllllillii’l III .hu'k's i'i'hllllll‘iilll. Al.

lilsil'lul I'VI- \i’llIII'rM'Il some ()1~ Lllc.
Niilll-
mg l have I'Vi'l' lii’iil'il about the

li'l‘l'lll'l'll'k- lll'l’ll‘W’I' 0" l“““'““““ “L Ihis How “1'. 'l‘homus 1". II. Cnml- .sillllll, of tho comlilious oi' the share
Slain (‘1)lliHi‘. Will nIIIIl'lll' Ull llll' l)’ll,ll.‘~blhllllll prol'ossorol'music.IIIId‘I'I'oppi'I's or III-gl'ocs. of life, along

pniwi discussion. "lit“tll‘lllll1liw‘ “1" Dr. Charles 1.. AnIh'I-Ws. lusirucior "lobucco road.” could even bvgm to

[I'Iun'llou “and, ‘Vullll'h lll Silllll‘lll III physics. Wi‘l‘i' inducted us honor- lpiclurc for 1m- lIow ll‘l'l‘ll)li‘ the cou-
'i‘I-nchmg. on llchllI)‘ morning. lll'. My mummm

W. ii). Polk. (lcmi (ll llll' colli'go of

Edward l'llill'i‘il Pillli‘i' club (1011—,

(iIiious rcully ill'i'. li‘m' miles nolh-,
lug can be soon but l)lll'l'i'll ground“

curly in the season, but who was
lluudicxmpcd by a broken arm. He

 

Q, ‘  , L . , ,
vol them are made Ol Daintcd Wood returned to the Union game last

slapped together in some haphazard lSaiurday and scored seven points.
fashion grow and worm-catch with T, .» , . .

, - . Io I‘Iolan coach iccls that 5
age. Oihcrsarc will log cabins that Mm, “has slumped badly “L012!”
most 01' US lJl'Ubllbll' though" W01“ This is in spite of 1110‘ fact that
“UL Wl‘l' lel‘“ Pioneer or horse and R.P.i dcl'caiod Union 36-34 in that
buggy since. IvucoIIIIicr, Preston. who has been it

And ,I'I-l. people live in these M, I. [I ,
shacks. Some are windowless; some “m “m” “H ["‘U' "' “Hum” 1"

luI\'o boards or papers covering the
openings. Most of them are just]  General Meeting

big unough to consist of one room, ,
and u small one at that. Still. all To Feature Mchchael
'l‘hursduy I11 3:30 o'clock in

around the small shock, on the?
porch or in the ilcl(l.y01151lu enough the Lounge of Ricluu‘dnmi hall. the
people In make up three families.'SiIIIchu Christian association will
it is almost. ullbcllcvllblc to illlilkyoolidllci its general meeting, with
that all ihcsu can live in one. such .InI-k MchclIuel as guest speaker.
llilVl‘l. but, you can go for miles bc— Mi‘MlCllllCl, who has just returned
l'orc you'll see another dwelling. ‘ from China, where he was active in
Each one shmds (iosoluio, I-ooi‘ cuv— :Isslsllug the Chinese in move their
lug in. frame on a slant, against ulunivvrsiilcs from [he coast to tho
biu~kgroulul of sunshine. lIIIlImIi, will speak on his experiences

The people who inhabit those in the Far East. He has visited

("llll'lllllill “l "11‘ “m‘l‘l'hlll' "1 Ml“- duclvd in; quIun; iulllulion l)1lll(]lli.‘li(ll',\’, burde from the limit of ihoIholcs, the poor white and negro. pic—Ibolh China and Japan during the

ili'hiilil, will lll'ihhlt'.

lcgi- faculty who Will uiicnd ihcli.

.ul KcolI-r's I'vslnurnui on Saturday sun.
()illi'l' numbers ol ilu- Shun col- lemming. ll‘cbruury iii.

he following pledges were form-l

meeting are: Dr. A. R. Brubnc‘llcrfnlly I'Illiiuicil illio the fraternity:
president; Dr. Milton G. Noison.‘.lolm Murray. '41, Alfred Bulnicxglswulupy and muddy you would think you'll see u very frail woman oI-‘Mrs. Martha Eg‘eision, instructor in

(lean; Miss Hi'loll II. Morcluud. dch Edward

Burke. William Dickson.

of students; Dr. John M. Suylcs. (11— William Dol'runco. Marlin Ewing.

rector of Iruinlng; Miss Margaret Donald Green. Loo Griffin. Robert you pass along the way. houses built with food supplies or kindling wood. the following:

Hayes, assistant professor of guld- Hilton. Ira Hirsch, Frances Hoff,

once; Dr. Earl B. Smith. assistant Nicholas

professor of education; Dr. J. Allan i

Morsillo, William Mat-
hews. Virgil Scott, Robert Seifert,

Hicks. professor of guidance; and Riley Sprowls. John R. Tibbetts.
Dr. Donnal V. Smith. professor of John Vavasour. Glen Walrath audition—no cellars at all, Instead they

social studies.

Eivion Williams, freshmen. l

Except. for a low holds that,

At this lime have small ditches of water for lI'—;l.lloy lch in.

rignlion, the soil appears almost llkc‘
a desert. In other places, it is so‘

it impossible for people lo lch in.
such regions. Yet. you will see. us

right on the water.

And what houscsl Even our worst
garage would be a mansion in coin-
parlson. No house has a founda-

are built on short stumps. Most

ilu'izo all the filth and squalor that ‘pusi. your.
The few garmentsI Marriage commission of S.C.A. will
they Wear hung on their bociics.,‘1noct Tuesday at 3:30 o'clock
dirty and torn. Once in a while in the Lounge of Richardson hall.
child bent under the weight of alhisiory, will lead the discussion.
large burlap sack, probably filled which will be based on questions like
How to choose a

At night the cabins aren't even mote from friends; Should one
discernnblc in the darkness except marry without love?; The purpose
for a very dim oil lamp, the only of the engagement; Is friendship a
light on the landscape. And so they good basis for marriage? All stu-
stand. unseen and forgotten by the dents may participate in the discus-
rcst of the world. sion.

1.33%}:

     
   

  
   
    

     

m‘MA

  

   
    
   
      
    
  
    
   
  
      
      
  
  
  
 
    
   
    
    
     
     
   
  
      
     
     
    
  
   
   
     
   
   
  
  
  
    
  

  

