 

PAGE 2

A Library-Less State

The Library at State has one of the most helpful and
friendly staffs in any university I’ve attended. If a book or ref-
erence is available, State students can have it without much
trouble. Students are encouraged to use the library and to
study in it between classes. But no one is permitted to study
or do research on Fridays after 5 p. m. or all day Sunday——
since the library is closed. No one can spend a dateless Friday
night or a Sunday afternoon studying in the Library. Immedi-
ately, the argument will be raised—no one studies on week-
ends. I cannot believe that there are students who would not
avail themselves of the Library during term paper sessions,
exams, or times iust to get away from a noisy dormitory room.
Another argument against having the Library open Friday
and Sunday is: who would staff the Library during the extra
hours? Our librarians are certainly entitled to time off for
weekends, but can not student teacher librarians be used?
What about just having one floor open? Third argument: there
are plenty of other libraries available; use the State Ed.
Library. We’d love to, except it and every city library is closed
on’Sunday. If State is an institution to promote learning, let’s
facilitate study and research, not hinder it.

Just The Facts

Anyone and everyone who goes around and underrates
State as a good college is invited to leave or get his facts
straight. I’m tired of people who say State is only a state
supported college and therefore can’t compete with the ivy
league colleges. In some respects it is true, we can not com-
pete—we are much BETTER. Of the full-time faculty, State
has 96.4 percent holding Ph.D and Masters degrees. Of the
part-time faculty, 75 percent have at least a Masters and
Doctors degree. We do not suffer from lack of qualified per-
sonnel. The academic standing of students enrolled at the
College places them in the ninety-fifth percentile nationally,
according to admissions tests. The Class of 1963 received the
highest median and national percentile scores on the Selective
College Admissions Test and Coop Reading Comprehensmn
Tests of all the classes at this College since these pre-admis-
sion tests were begun in 1954. Competition is keen here at
State and anyone who graduates from here has a great deal
to offer school systems and students. The community esteem
of the College is high. The college lectures, dramatic and
musical performances are well supported. During the summer
the Arena Theatre has a sell-out every year, and student
attendance alone does not cause the packed audience. From a
recent questionnaire sent to 225 schools employing Albany
graduates, it was determined that 8 percent of the schools
rated State above average; none rated State below average.

State faculty and students are all above average and
everyone who is associated with State should start realizing
the qualifications it takes to be a part of this team. It’s about
time for us all to take pride in our school, our faculty and

ourselves.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1915
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

Vol. Xl.\'I

 

’l‘lia tiiiilcrgi tiria‘e :,i~\y:.paper of Suite in. '.cr 1'. f'();:t'r:i- or 5;.1, .mml |- Aim”

of the ('oLLi-gi 3m: I'- ':r New, ttoird fox 1 .‘ai'lllit't'

published every Villa:
Association
NEVA/H Ittii‘yltl)

l‘.l)l'llilt IN f'Illl'fl

'rk‘lldn'nil l-itA‘iI‘C’iNI.
itAltlt'vlt“ l..ll'i’ (Willy-How l'.tt.ttii .i t'iili-l

“‘1 “I. A. {3.1 H, Managing l'lii.Loi

it ...v mill  i '. l‘l't' ire tail of

.ZIYIil

  
 

l' min lti .l'lvi:.:, laddor
.~;i‘tv t'o :' ,«v m."
t)! .v't INN“:

.i‘t ltf.’ t.

.\..
A .it I i‘e ltll'Hl
\
A

Iitiftl. ‘.l .l .l .l el ’" l‘l'll‘iii

lltli‘t liltllli.

 m .ai twill

H. .‘t- Adyt. ,,:.,' l'.»‘14ii
it: . “.0” 1.). image l’ltllllll

H! ,p, , '-.', It, {‘vll‘llt l‘itil'li:

 

t t it I l o / {it'll/.01 I l l
..i ,
:a‘l ’il‘l
"lail': itilltil’ A
trljtt)l(ltlv» 1 w .i.. . l. i'. .7. i.  f'A. Itati lilillilltl
1, -, 31,1 ' [.i,,ii ii. ‘.iii...: Jim. 'ylitia-tiy Jtii;li (1....
A Ulll'l. .:,i .i’li.u.-. .,.‘.‘/..C tic . tires:th to ‘to rtitot anti lll1.L fie .» gin 1
tilt in: vv.t.i.:.r.d or. iron ' l'tii: :i'llt'l'l'.‘ ()()l.l.l‘.(il‘l NEWS u‘lelliL“. no If:
- i..'tit.. or ambit. .tl tlIlIlfO, in. such expression; no It

for opil-Aih) came-an 5 fl.

i.e emaiLy lt:lli:i'l .ts i.i,/...

April L’s ifittt \o a

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1961

 

     
  
 
   

WHY
DIDN’T
THEY
TELL
ME
I ONLY
HAD m

HOURS?

communan 5&6     t I

To the Editonin-(‘liieﬁ

I would like to extend congratu-
lations for your very excellent ed-
iotrial entitled “Fascist Ghost."

 

  

The John Birch Society is no
more than a rabble-rousing group
of phony anti-communists. These
noisy ultra-Americans mock our
democratic way of life, flout our
traditions. and feed on the tneat
of suspicion.

 
   
 

 

   

The one aitn of this organization
is to arouse the masses, to stir
them up. to dominate them, to in—
cite them to action against the 95- t
tablislted channels of our constitu— '
iional government. To do so, they
employ all the familiar devices of
the ilemagogue,

99

WW" 7";'v_‘v_;.ﬁﬂ+ﬁvvv' " ’ $v’mv‘vw'vuv-TTV  vvvvvvv v v v v v v v- v v v v v v v v v v v

Gammon-Skim

aggressions and A--‘-AAAA-AA--A-g-¢AAA.‘gtga,-gA---A-,A-Agg-.-g-g
STILL AT WORK
Where will the nest revolt sirike‘.’ We predict that it Will be right
here in little ole Albany. On our last assigtiineitt we were asked to
“mi,(mmnumsm‘ In” Pm RUM,” probe the downtown section to get the real story underlying the soon-
“HCII. to~I)(‘ closings of several popular taverns, The real worry is not coming
from the tavern keepers; littt. rather froin several careerwomen who
We must fight communism. llow- feel their yobs are being undermined by political iiiam.-ttveriiig. While
ever. ilie true anti-communist op- speaking with a couple of these lovclies. the idea was discussed to
poses communism all along the march on the (iovernor's Mansion (which, incidentally, isn‘t too far
lme fies. caluinny' and calculated from their off'icesi and then on to the (’apiiol itself (which isn't too far
deceit are only the fertile breeding eithert. liood luck. :,‘||‘I~' We're behind you
_‘l‘tittll(I\ for communism. 'l'ltcsc V . I V W
tactics are i‘\lI and to call thcni 1“ Tm" 1‘1"“5
basketball ratings are out of season, Illll don't worry. The too.

good is no more than a peryersion _ I
to plump“. moo-.\tatei's are always looking otit for your interests llerc i». our

'l'liey arouse citizens by provid-
ing cvpression for the numberless
fears. hatreds'.
frustrations that beset our society.
Willi these obscure passions. the
John Birch Society focuses oit a
program r'l‘llElll l’lltfitRAM- not

51mm,“ mum latest. tiy't‘ic 't‘itt: lili\’t)l.l"l‘lti\5
I‘mmmh (‘ “rm” M I ('uba Tilttt We take the rebels .‘iooii to be hclpt’tl liv lit"-\'
'  ' ‘ ‘ style of Iitlllmdtlsl for Kicks.
" e Ei (‘1 . ..., ‘ . . .
I‘HIIH‘ “I WUHWW “M J, .\lgi rm 1. .. Again, we take the rebt ls. shut out in the first
x; , ‘ , '.. s r - r
“Wm ' of the series, but a good come back team
WU .,  mm. he“) 3:. Laos '_’.3o t'ould go either way. ltotli sides getting stron:
. .\y ‘ . . .
»\iisiin, Texas, is ready for fur— . . .. flippml
l, (ongo .Zl f season too long: players weary,

thcr integration of public facilities
and business establishments. Many
t't‘slattt'alllh‘ are open It) Negroes. (1).“HUNST'YI'ER ('ALLS 0N

3'” "I" I’M‘d‘UIHIHIHHY ,‘thc In llync Iliu'cii fashion. l'ctc Sptna unassuinin'..',lv becaiitc .\lliauv
film-“’1‘” an.“ “"f“), 01g””'“““"“' State's hero of the hour by striking ottl lit Indians in  brilliant displai
the l inversiiy ofrllcxas has Dec“ “1' control It] sub-freezing Wt‘allti't‘. ’l‘he t'ommon Staiers, luckv enouin
[‘1“':I'4'l"(lslncc mm" mm H” mum] to get a real li\c personal interview with l’etcr, asked what he thought
violence \\'Iittls‘oc\’t't'. “1mm H“, mm“-

Ti. t'arcei‘yyomcn lift 'l'ough at first. but could be a sleeper tcaiii

lint our theaters refuse to open
their doors to .\‘egroes, The theater
managers refer us to Mr, Leonard
(ioldcttsoti, President of Allt‘ l’ara
mount. 7 West titiih Street, New
York 11:3. New York Ill whose hands
the decision rests

I’ett' (lotto, It was nothing.

I’eic: Is the sports page written yet‘,‘
I've got a picture in a Yankee unitoi'm
bid you get the iiitietecit strikeouts?
l.ct me >t't‘ that book again tiooo

I \ liltl. l’clc

l'oi' n.ore than two years Mr ’

litiltlt‘llsttll has refused the persist I’ele

eitt requests of hundreds of Austin
residents.

Forget about the II walks and 1' hit batsmen

l’etcr will appcai later IIlt\ week on the t'andid ('anict‘a llc \HII

.:i\e a nationwide display of his voovymmct-r pitch lle \lll't' to little

Since last .\oH'ttibt‘t‘ as many as in for ltltl and laughs
out) students and citizens III a single
day have stood iii protest lines in Kn“, II‘IIINII‘IN“
('ornell .\lllfll'llls vote to end bias at t‘tIIIl'.‘t' llaunt wins *«ct ivittt

front of the theaters three times a
week. We are note: every peace at Arinadaei T Ito, iftio anti ri'o tiain lititililt‘ paid an; :ro .l;o t.
fit]. lawful mm”. Hi protng um”. i’aat exposed as financial backer of Ileiiioct‘atic l'arly

could have been saved , Kindness is fatal to four sliccp in zoo

able to us
can you help us" link. of itneonta. awarded tii'ani

Inftirin .\lr tioldcnsott til Alit‘
l’at‘amoiint at the above address of
your decision to palt‘titltlt' only
theaters which belong to integrated
chains.

 

College Calendar

Send a dollar, or as iiiitcli as you

can afford, to help buy a full pace
EllI\tI‘Ilst'lllt‘lll Ill tIli' \c\\ York “unn' “III” “‘3

 

 

Titties, pt'otcstiiiu, \li' tioldeiisoii's Mllde H“'”II“”’I‘ I"‘l‘“"\ I ""1""
ut'L‘t‘t‘i'ttilIill policy and to aid ll-v ill I" \“"“‘ l'I'?‘I"“-f\ill'l.\ I‘ ll" I W I’ ""
Itl'llii‘tll.‘ lllIt'}‘l'.‘tltIIil to \llsllll, and INN". ( ml} I’H'r I‘M”
to 'lc‘vas Sittiiia Lambda \i. ma foi'iiial 1"") I‘“
Send .\ottt‘ ctiiitiilintions to .8111 “I’ll” I“ "\II‘I"l '“l”"”'i‘I l’ill“ M “H I’ "‘
mitt. p,,~ tin-Wt yup,” 3g” 51”,“ \lyi'a ly'iiich at l'azte llall it 1'.o p ,‘ii
""‘f "‘N'” “5"” . svit tinyv, .\l'lill.:1a
.\tiictiely youis, , _ ,
(,h'HHHW HMMWH l-ottei tluli loiinal ti on p it
Wmlmlm’ 5. I) A Mania Intiflula Sigma ltlItil'lt!.i| [Lill' it ﬁlo p in
Alpha l‘i Alpha liamptcl and formal H W l' “I
. \l \li.\\'. .\l’llll. Sift
 It‘rateriittv pit mi s I on p to
§i[)l'lllt' lsnglish l- \l min: .t on p in
»~——_ -—---~———-» —-—~ iioMiyv, any i
this week‘s editor, ltarbara Ural Interpretations m It fill :i on p in
Hall. wishes to thank all the III’, t' l. liiy m l) :ttii ttiti p m
\dmiiiistratlon, taculty, and lieta Zeta coffee hour for 'l'heta Xi timega Pi 35“ l’ “1

members of the NEWS staff
who cooperated in the work for
this week‘s issue.

TUESDAY, MAY 2
('ot'lee hour for chemistry mayors
Varsity cheerleader meeting

4'00 p Ill
7 on p lll

 

 

I.lllt'oll,‘

 

 

 

i‘




STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1961

PAGE 3

 

A D Presentation Packed;
Performers Complimented

By ELAIN E ROMA'I‘UWSKI

Wednesday evening. the curtain
opened on the third group of AD.
plays to tnorc than a full house.
(if the three one act plays present-
ed, the last, “The llungerers“ by
William .‘iaroyan, directed by
Bruce Earl. was by far the most
fascinating.

The play is typically "Stit'tiyttllu

almost impossible to understand.
but still thoroughly enjoyable be-
cause of its warmth. its Iiitinor,
aitd its uniyersality. In addition to
choosing an excellent play as his
production, .\lr. Earl selected a
most cotnpletnentary cast. .\like
lt‘eigel. who played the writer, por-
trayed the sensitive, understanding,
subtly humorous individualist ex-
actly the way the author pictured
him. perpetually radiating as sort
of secret, compassionate, all know-
ing smile.

The first play to be staged was
"lied l’eppcrs" by .\‘ocl t‘oward,
directed by Judy \issini. .\liss Nis-
sim deserves a word of congratula
ttoii for doing aii evceptional job
with a musical on such a small
stage and with such limited facilir
ties The female elements carried
this production. and perhaps the
most distracting cleiiictits of the

 

Notice

Ro l"endick. captain of the
Varsity (‘heerleading Squad,
announces that there will be an
important meeting, of the \'ar-
sity ('hi-erleadct‘s, 'l‘hursday,
May 1, 7 p.in., at liru.

MOVING-UP DAY

half hour were due to the inexperi-
enced cast.

l’ollowing, and in contrast to the
umsicat. "l‘he i‘lod" by Lewis
lleach was presented, directed by
James Jackson. Although the act-
ing in some instances was flat
Iagain because of inexperience).
the technical, the direction. and the
plot itself made these flaws Iiear~
able.

New Course
Starts Soon

The American \ational Red
(‘ross announces that a water
safety training course will be held
on Monday amt ’l'liursday evenings
from April 21 to May 25.

Meeting at the Albany Academy,
class sessions will last from 7-9
pm. each evening

The course is open to all persons
over 1x years of age who hold citr-
rent Senior Life Saving cei‘tifi»
cafes Registration will be held
at the first class session

For details“. call llti TiTIltil
James .1. l.ockln;tn, Jr. is the
chairman of the water safety coin-
iniilee oi the Albany t'ounty
t'hapter,

Nii'l‘lt'li
VARSITY

(‘lll-Il-IRlJiAlHNii .\ll-lli'l'lMi

Ro l"endick. captain oi the \ar
sll_\' ('hecrleading Squad. aiiiiotiii
ces that there will be ait import
ant meeting of the Varsity (‘heer
leaders, 'l'lnit‘sday, \lay At. T p in
at Brit

 

emmmmw Fritzi's Travels: Or A Satire

On The Follies Of Man

Ry LIBB Y ."I‘ROUD

 

To the Student Body:

It is very true that life in a col-
lege dormitory is somewhat re-
stt'icted and has certain other dis-
advantages, but existing in this
fair city are housing facilities
which make dormitories seem like
royal palaces aitd landlords who
make dorm director: and house»
mothers look like kings and queens.

Frequently. a seemingly attrac-
tive apartment has hidden and cer-
tainly unexpected drawbacks. i’er-
liaps ati innocent and unsuspect-
ing college student will be coit-
lronied with a group of tenants
who secmto derive their sole pleas-
ure frotn making his life entirely
miserable by their incessant noise
and constant complaints. Perhaps
this college student will even have
the undeserved misfortune to move
iitto an apartment where he will
Iii‘ dominated and persecuted by a
landlord who would be best suited
for running a flophouse iii the south-
eitd district of Albany instead of
what may be passing as a respec-
able apartment building

I hope that this message ser\es
as a warning to those of you who
may be seeking a new residence
llt'\l seiiiestet‘,

Raymond (lould

Spring Concert Set

\liisit t‘ouncil will ltl't‘si'lll Its
.iiitttlal ~pt'ittL: concert at 8 p lll.
l‘hui'sday. \lay ll. in Page Hall.
The program will be conducted by
\lr Karl l'eterson. and Dr. t'hat'les
Shiites

The Hi't hestra. Women \ t'horus
collegiate Singers. Statesmen. a
String l'lnscmblc, and a I’estiyal
('liorus will appear

Gaps & Gowns: Hats & canes

:\\'i\ll.AliI.E NEXT WEEK AT THE (.‘()-()I’

 

Spring Cleaning
At  CO-OP

.\Nl) l..r\(‘K ()l" Sl’iH‘E BRING

BARGAIN

HOODED

SWEATSHIRTS

Regular Price. . . . .

Sale

Price . .

Milt .\ l.ll\ll'l‘l€l) ’l‘llllE UNI}! l.

DEADLINE

 

YOU

THIS

 

 S"3.50
 $1.75 I

338 v .3 I

 

FUR ORDERING
(‘AI’S and (EUWNS

MUNHA Y

MAY if t
|

 

 

Dear .\Iomsie,

I gotta have that permission
blank immediately! I can't spend
the weekend in the hotel if i don‘t,
and I promised him i would! Be-
sides. this is my sorority week.
end! It‘s ‘specially important to
have permission for the "date"
party because I have to be in early
otherwise. which is nurdy! It takes
at least three hours to get ()scar
drutik, and you KNOW how initcli
fitii he is when he's drunk! He's
just screams? Well. I've got to go
see llilda: we're gonna see how
many girls we cati fit into one
l'tililll.

l,o\c.
l’ritzi

)lomsie-l’oo,

What a blast I had last night?
.\latter of fact. EVERYONE seem»
ed to be having fun! You should
hate \i't‘ll (lscat‘. , l DIDN'T?
lle disappeared right after we got
there, liiii according to the report
he had a lot of fun. It was a little
embarrassing when I finally 1)”)
find him; he was doing the cha»
cha in the middle of the dance
floor . flat on his back? He says
he doesn‘t remember anything. but
I \lll'i‘ do? He didn't want to be
alone. and l bruised my elbow join-
mg him? We left the date party
around I: but we didn't get home
"til It . . , we had a little trouble
with the car We couldn't liiid the
driver, He got lost coining ottt of
the building' When we got back to
the hotel ‘he "ltig t)" tiliat's what
I call it arbabyi didn't feel too
great, which upset me. llilda didn't
feel so hot either, so they took a
tiap I changed into my pajamas.
and llicii llilda's dale. Rudy, and
I talked. Ya know, he's a real
swell guy' He‘s got some very in
tcrcsting theories!

l.ovc,
l"t‘it/.i

licai .\lum,
llilda didn‘t speak to me all eve

Les I nnovafeurs
Plans Activities

(hie of the ervciting new ot‘gani/a
tions on campus. Les Illtliinlli'lll'a.
has recently returned froin a trip
to Williams t'ollcge where they saw
a production (ll. .\loliere's play
l.'l2‘colc dc females.

(In February L55. the French t'lltb
attended two plays in New York
t'ity, l.'lmproinplu l)c Versailles
aiid Les l"ourbeies de .‘s‘capin. The
future plans of l.es Itittti\.’tlt'tlt“ lll
cltidc next week, \l'cdncsday. at
T Ito p It]. in llrubachcr. a speaker
from the l'nivcrsity ot Strauslierg',
The speaker \\lII talk on French
student Illl‘

llie olticei's I'I't‘\liitl1l John .\L‘,
i'iisli \icc l’i'esidctit l.tiid;t t l't't'l.t.
\cci'clat'y t Iat‘a '/.cIiI'osIvt and
'l't'casui‘ci' t’ai'ol I'.;tlttll torihally llt
‘llt ativonc lllIt'Ii‘\It‘iI fll the
It: fit It I.tl|‘,‘lt.‘t: c to attend

l.. (i. BALFOUR

Fraternity Jewelry
Hodges, Steins, Rings
Jewelry, Gifts, Favors
Stationery, Programs

Club Pins, Kevs I

Medals, Trophies
UNIVERSI'I‘Y ro. iii to.

Ill Marshall Sin-ct

Syracuse It) .\i“-V to“;

on Mien

(‘arl Soreiisen, Mgr.

ning! She didn’t like Rudy’s the-
ories at all! Oscar liked his favor
iliough. He says it's going to be
VERY useful! Just think: he can
drink out of it, go to the beach with
it, and light his cigarettes with it!
The formal was very nice, I have
some darling glasses . . . we smug-
gled them ottt iii my flower box,
()scar tried to smuggle out a wait-
ress, but he couldn't fit her under
his coat.I Oh yea, I have a darling
.\lother's Day p'esent for you! We
found some really cute gifts in the
hall outside our ltotcl room, all
neatly arranged on a little cart
with four wheels. They are all en—
dorsed by someone named "Well—
ington," so they must be pretty
good. All the girls were taking gifts
for their mothers so I figured,
“Why not‘."' Speaking of “Why
.\'ot," (iscar forgot to go home last
night Don't panic. it was all PER-
I-‘E("l‘l.Y innocent! We all decided
it just wouldn't be safe for the guys
to (Il‘l‘.t‘ home at that late hour.
especially since they'd liatl a few
drinks! tlf course. it WAS a little
awkward the nevi morning, when
the maid came in, but we explain-
ed everything. and ltudy slipped
her a ‘note” to take to the man-
agement. so they'd understand too.
We checked ottt right after that. In
the afternoon we all got together
tor a pli'lllt'. That was fun! We
had a snowball fight! Pretty soon
everyone got tired, so we all de-
cided to rest for a while. ("scar
and I found the nicest place to rest.
Well. I guess that's about all. We
ot home early. so <.-veryone could
~iudy . we all had tests .\londay
tnot'tttltt’
l.o\L‘,
It‘ritzi

l‘ 5 I ll] going to break up with
tist't'tl‘. I don‘t think we're suited
to each other'

Jr. Ped Pix
Taken Soon,
Sign Up Now

(lass of lfttii‘, please note

iIllH is important if yoti want to
we yourselves in your yearbook
Your senior litt'lltl't's tor the ltiiiz
l'edagogue will be taken lt'riday',
\lay .3 hail from It not to -t ﬁlo
p in in Room fit in lit‘itlittcltct‘
ll.ill .\ll Juniors who wish to have
their pictures in the yearbook
.hould have then: taken at this
time because this will be the last
time pictures will be taken this
spring. In order to have aii ap-
pointment please sign up on the
l'ediigoguc bullciiii board now.

Illltltil'\ \vho Ii.i\e l.tlIi'tl to re
Iltl'lf their proofs .it the last pick
up are requested to do so on Wed
nesday and IIttll'thd) .\lay It and
l Il'lilll t t» It pin .\t that time
.f lilll'(‘\|'l|l.tll\(‘ til \lt'l'llt Sllttlltis
\\lIl 'e in lit'ubaihi-t Room if to
.oI1.-t those proofs l'lcase return
v oi proof» on titer-c dates Your
.oopeiatioii “Ill be appreciated
thank you

Gerald Drug Co.
Albany, N. Y.
Phone 6—3610

 

217 Western Ave.

 

 

 

