 

PAGE 2

Gripe For Gripe

With a feature article in mind, one of our reporters inter-
viewed a number of students with the question — “Do YOL
have any complaints about State?” The response was novel.

Did you know that we needed a dietician, bleachers on
Veterans Field, later hours for sorority weekends to eliminate
the expensive method to dodge the time rule, cafeteria bus-
boys who don’t spill coffee over everything, correct clocks
and furthermore, fewer complaints!

One student complained about the general attitude of the
student body “to get by with as little extra effort (and crea-
tivity) as possible.” But one remark deserves serious attention
and an appropriate response.

"People should start praising things instead of tearing
them down. A destructive attitude does not initiate greater
achievement. Only by realizing our own merits can we have a
creative atmosphere and the initiative to do greater things.”

Perhaps if we all realized our own merits individually
and collectively as a college, the atmosphere on campus would
take on new perspectives —— those of the spirit of intellectual
inquisitiveness and gratefulness to be a colleague at State.

Anyone's Game

The season for the big annual parties starts this weekend.
The chance of our social organizations to show off among
themselves and to other campuses has arrived.

The important word on campus is again “impress.” It is
spoken of freely at the weekly meetings of the Greeks; it is
otherwise whispered at mixed social gatherings. The game. to
impress, the game of envy, is thus renewed with the vigor and
(senthusiasm that accompanies end of the year functions at

fate.

The pledges have been tucked safely away by the bind-
ing honorable codes. And now it’s anyone’s game to steal the
limelight for a while and win the big name on campus as the
social group which gave the most exciting three-day-fun-fete.

Who will hold the record this year in hotel fire alarm suc-
cesses? Without a doubt this will be the topic for most of the
small talk in the crowded cafeteria for a week after the
occasion.

How do the collegeate “Status seekers” measure weekend
antics? The odds favor that group with the most expensive
bid. The dollar sign speaks potent words and symbolizes high
hopes for a wild time. It indicates for many the ceiling for
the amount of fun and friendship to be had.

The fate of the social club with the lowest bid is not
difficult to comprehend. The “status seekers” are quick to
associate that simple word “cheap” to that organization which
does not buy entertainment with money but provides it with
their own spirit and enthusiasm for having a good time.

The new value system encompasses the dollar sign and
the movement to impress others — to hide the reality of our
own nature. We’ll let the big name band hide our inadequacies
at conversation topics and group initiative in providing fun,
manufactured not by ourselves but the ready made product
of professional entertainers.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

Rt THE CLASS OF IQIB

 

\pi'il l1 l.iiil \o t

The its.
p-ililta'w.
Armor ltlllon

 

‘i‘.ll.l.l.‘x‘! .-' .
lleltll‘ii A

   

ANSI: :s'.ll ‘ .:

l‘y'di . 'i’I ’

NIAIc‘i'txi ..'..i i t . \
ltAltlSAI".

l.l‘-1ii 1.. ."

litittlﬁ. ".1

l.l.'\ll:\ 1H,. . _‘
:ut mu .. i: t ,V
non i»‘-. ii.

l’i.titt:,ji tip ,.

 

Gamma:de

 

To the Editor:

I dislike dragging out the ques-
tion of  &  marking in
student teaching any further than
yoti have already. btit several mis‘
conceptions on yotir part and the
part of yotir reading ptiblic have
obviated a clear understanding of
the question at hand.

Both the story in the Knicker.
backer News and Principal Rind-
lierg's "Letter to the Editor" in
essence c a r ric d the headline.
"STATE (' (i t. l. I". (t It) FACULTY
It‘()S’l‘ltIItS .\llCl)lt)(‘itl'l‘Y; S'l‘ll-
DICN'I‘S ltl‘l\t)l.'l'.” As a matter of
fact, nothing coithl be tttrther from
the truth. The impetus for chang
ing the marking system came from
students who had completed their
student teaching The change was
pursued by these students in an
open forum last spring in which
several faculty and administrative
members participated. When it he
came apparent that an overwhchir
ing majority of the \ltttlt‘lllS who
liatl been through the 8-week exper-
ience tmany of them had received
A‘si were in favor of the change.
then and only then was a commit-
tee appointed otit of the education
department to look into the stig-
gestion. It was the students who
pushed for this reform. not the
faculty.

To quote Mr. ltiiidbcrg. .
there are sixty members of the
l-Jducation Department at State.
Surely some must be capable of
Judging whether a teacher is su-
perior. good, average, or unsatis-
factory.“ At no time has anyone
ever denied the .Allllil'l‘Y of super-
visors to make such decisions;
nor. in fact, has this responsibility
been eliminated by the change.
Perhaps the biggest factor over-
looked iii this entire controversy
has been thc "Final I'Ivaluation of
Student 'l'cachiiig" or "pink slip."
Yt'x, .\lr. ltmtlherg, we are ratcd
as .student tcachcrs’ not only
in the tnamicr you suggested
but on 1% abilities clearly cs
\t'ltllitl to thc ('lilSSl‘tt'illl \lllltt
lltilt 'l'his Slll) is considered by
most tttlltllltlSll'tllttI‘s to be the
most important information used
in determining whether or not to
hire a teaching candidate l'Irgo, if
a person wants to enter teaching.
the re certainly is "pressure"
cnough involved in the pink slip to
make him perform as you and
l'a\|ov would hate him the
change in grading procedures was
sll‘lt'll) an adiiiiiiistratiyc one and
did not St'l'ltillxl} alter the \ltltlt‘lll
teaching program 1 would ad
'nonish the Itlll'tt‘ and all others
who hayc not il\ ycl toiitplt'tcd
thcir :~llltlt‘ltl lt'.‘tt'lttlt.[ to wait tiiitil
Ihcy arc thronzh thi- \llltlt‘lll
leaching, i'\]1i‘t'tt'ttt't‘ lit-toic thcy
cast \iaiy cyth at llll' .nyslcin.

t‘liiiiies l‘ttwlt‘l‘ ‘00
It) illt' lidllor:

\ti' t'ocliraiic has tlodgcd every
point l‘ilISt‘tl It] in) lil‘t‘HttllS ll‘llt‘l'

t \\h.it is wrong with prcs
~.urc" "\o coiiinicnt from Mr
t'tit'lil‘tittt'

." \Iliat I't"\l'tll't‘ll was doiic to
dllhldltllttlt‘ Ilic dropping of :gi'utlcs
tor pi'actitc teat-hen" \Ahcn was
llll' iea-arcb ointcitakcii"”

\li (Itt‘ltt.illt‘ s it-ply only llltll
tgiti s that hc l|.t~ ltl‘t‘ll at tlic Sttlllt‘
toh tor tut-tit]. yiuiis \ly ttllt‘Sllttlt‘i
~till icitiain unanswered \\hat i'c
~~car< h was iloiic oii lltl‘i matter and
win It ‘.'..i\ ll t‘oiitplctcil’

How much st militant ic
*it arch has bccn coiiiplctctl by lltt'
‘ylAlf, incnibt-rs of State t'ollcgc's
litlucattoii ltcpai'tiiiciit wliilc lltt'lll
lit'tn til llit' ‘dlllA‘LW'IN Illt'llllyu"

\l\ [lllt'wllltll ioiitcriicil l‘t"xl'ttl't'lt.
not t|ltttltlll‘ tl iii..tci'ial pttblishcd
\\oiild you plca-ic .t‘xli .‘\lr t'ocli
i’unc to he .pccitit and Hal all llt‘ttlS
published and then list t'AIIIIIplt‘S
ot significant rest-arch I would he
inn-.1 tIlll‘l't‘wlt‘tl llt :vt‘t‘llty' the list

.‘llyi'on .l. ltiiidslicrg,
Weliutuck District Principal.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1961

   
    

.7. 2V1“,
"swirls HAVE
SPIIQIT 0R
SPIRIT;
rat/s vane

    
 
    

vv-vvvvvvvvvvv-vvvvvv'rvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv ..

CZavmuaaaw¢-¢Shﬁzibaz

I‘IRS'I' l.\' SI’.\( If

We hate 'o contradict world news reports, but tlic l'nioii oi \ot li'
Socialist Republics has nothing on us. We’ve had guy s iii orbit for year
If the Heft Sl' l‘icpartmcnt would care to arratigc a date with Us. .\i
would gladly \ct tip llllt‘1‘\lt'\\\ with ottr lllttnl [)I‘ttllllsllIL‘, astronaut»-

LISTIth . . .

()ii the eve of the first of the (ircck weekends. the evpericnctwt non.-

of the (‘oinnion-Stater would like to offer a few timely tips
1. Tell your date you don't want flowers. This will lca‘.i- llttrl'i
money for the liquid necessities.
3. If you‘re inviting a guy from out of town, tell him it's (‘ttsttir
ary for him to pay your hotel bit].
2.. Don't be the last ones to leave the cocktail party. You might
never make it to the formal.
t Keep your room number a secret or you'll wind tip sleeping or
the floor.
.J. Don't get too tired at the format you might mi“ the best part
of the weekend.
0. lt- sure to bring a couple of blankets to the plt'ntt'.
time to catch up on lost sleep
L‘NIQL’I‘I ttl’l’ttlt’l‘UNI’l‘Y
If anyone is considering working his way through college tor llt='
rest of the semester. we have a suggestion: open a beer stand twenty
one twenty four SIX outside of l’ilcccker Stadium. The seryicc you rcii
ler to the spectators will carry a two-fold purpose: rcfrcsliinciit~ :iiil
ammunition.
SIGN N0“, (illttlt' i..vi'iitt
This IS an official entry blank for ciitcring the annual 'l'ulip 12th i i.
contest iii Albany In addition to including, your name and .iddrc -
please check one of the following

11's” it great

I resemble a tulip
l'iii bttilt like a ttilip
I am a titlip
The winner will be planted ttl “thltlltLIIttlt l’.irl~. as the culmination
of thc Mining l'p Itaj. ccrcnioiiim
llt)l’l£l.lCSS
Since everyone weiii- to lie t‘illlllllttlllllli', .iboit the ct.ortnity ol out

SA tiudgt-t. why don't wt- l't‘lll otil tlic advertisin. ~lllit't‘ on our wal‘

Ill>lt'.‘ttl ol giying ll away to such lt'tllt':~ as do \iii.y \.l‘.‘. \l.!lllt
and fate l.ciia
Spcakin. ot the iiiclliciciiiitu ot l.tlll])tl\ itllt"llt“l‘tll \tlii i.

they
1 than out the ‘xltltli'lll iiiail l)‘t\"t
li't'iit‘.,.itit/t' lltt' lillllt‘llll l‘tt.ll(l tit lltt' [ii‘tt:-|\lt \
I: l',l|lltl't'l' lllt' no t ard Itl.t\ll|" l'lllt‘\ III the c.it.-tci‘t.i
.\.\ ltittL’, its \H' \c twtalili-xhi'il .‘t itiiii.ciiitiil|y liicgilcil ».t It lt-l luiilt‘
ing on t'ciitial Ayciiuc. why tlIiltl 'it' buy llIt' t.o\criior a
that we can liayc flock}. t'ttlltllltl

\laii too it
l'l'tllltll“ tin tii'i- prcyt-titiiiit

And thcu llll‘l't‘ is the old :‘uy on South l‘i-gii‘t ‘yli't-i-t who rt tllt‘tt.l'tl
when Slate t‘ollc c was a \oi'inal ~-i hoot
‘.’ ()l“ 'l'lll-I ll‘lil-IK

ila\c wc ti'adcd lllltlttlélll for \itiiii tau '

 

College Co/endor

lltll).\\, Al'ltll. t1
|‘.~.i tianinia .llltl kappa Mantina fiatc l’itlic
llcta Zeta l"oi‘in;il ltantc
l'hi Itclta lit‘l'l' l‘at‘ly
SA'l'l‘llltAI'. Al’ltll. 13
.\c\v York St lt‘llt't‘ t‘oiigicss
l‘si (lamina t‘oclvtail Party and l"oi'iii.’il ltaiiii
(lamina kappa lilllll'l Hunter and It'oi'nitil ltaiicc
ltcta cha Informal I‘arty.
l'lii lit-ha .l:i// I'oiitcrl and formal Itaiicc
Sl'Nl).-\Y. APR". 10
Sorority l‘tt'ntt s '1 I10
'l'l'l‘ISth', APRIL 18
Itehalc t'ouiicil ‘l Itti

It’ltlltNl-ZSIL‘H’, APRIL 19-26
Stilt Art lu‘shiliit ’1 150

'3,
is
is
-

i‘

 

«cumin-{warsij

 

3 "7'"? i . 5. . :

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1961

Spring Athletic Schedules

The 1961 baseball, tennis and golf schedules include 48
contests to be played during the Spring campaigns with 25
of these being on home grounds.

The baseball team will play all its home contests on the
Bleecker Stadium turf while the tennis squad will match 0p-
ponents on the Washington Avenue courts. The varsity golf
team will be using Schenectady Municipal as its home course.
Make note that the baseball and tennis campaigns get under
way with home contests tomorrow!

VARSITY BASEBALL

DATE OPPONENT PLACE TIME
Sat, April 15 Oneonta Ilome 2.00
Tues, April 18 HP] Home 3.00
Thurs, April 20 Siena Ilome 3:00

Sat, April 22 ()neottta Away 3:00
Tues, April 1.5 New l’alty. Home 3:00
Wed, April 30 Siena Away 3:00
Sat, April 20 llochcstcr Tech Home 3:00
Mon, May I tJtica Home 3:00
Fri, May 5 l’lattsburgh Ilome 3:00
Sat., May 6 l-lroclqiort, t3i Home 2:00
Tues, May 0 New l’altz Away 4:00
Fri, May 13 l’otsdain Away 4:00
Sat, May 13 l’lattsburgh Away 3:00

tiswego tnighti
l'lica
VARSITY TENNIS

Away 8 :00
Away 3:00

Wed, May 17
Sat., May 20

Sat, April 15 thicotita lloinc
Thurs, April 20 Sictin ttoiiie
Sat, April 33 llllt'tttll.t Away
Tues, April 3;") \cw t’.itt/ tloine
Wed, April 30 Sicna Away
Fri, April 38 St, l’t‘lt't'S llome
Fri, May 5 l’lattsbui'gh llome
Tues, May 0 New l'alt/ Away
Fri, May 13 l’otsdam Away
Sal., May 13 l’lattsburgh Away
Fri, May 10 ttanbury' llotne
" VARSITY GOLF
lt‘i'i., April 31 Siciiti Away
Tues, April 35‘) l'tica Away 3:00
Thurs, April 37 tl.l’.l Home 1:30
Mon, May I l'tica Home 3:00
Tues, May 3 Sictia Home 1:30
Fri, May 5 ll.\‘.'l‘l Home 1:30

Away 1:00

Away 11:00
llochcstci' tllroclqiorti

Home 1:30

l.c.\loytti'
t'oblcskill
Sl'.\\‘ 'l‘ouiircy
Itaiibury'
FROSH BASEBALL

Thurs, May 11
Sat, May 13
Mott, May 1:3
Fri, May 10

Thurs, May 4 ll |’.l Away 4:00
Sat, May ti '\1 \'.'1‘.t Away 3:00
Wed, May 10 1t l‘l Home 3:30
Sat. May/I151 t‘oblcskill Home 3:00
Tues, May 10 It \'.'l‘l Away 4:00
Std, Mav‘30 Itocklani.‘ (‘ t‘ Home 3:00
' FROSH TENNIS

Wed, May 3 t ‘llttll llotiic

Thurs. May -1 t tlllt“~l{lll Away

Tues, May 0 t'obtc-ttvitt Iloiiic

Wed. May 10 I won Away

l“1'l., May 13 ll \' 'l'l llomc

'l‘ttcs., May 10 ti \' ‘t‘l Aaway

'l‘ucs.. May 3:; \ \ti’S’I't'Y Home

CUT THIS SCHEDULE OUT AND PLACE IT WHERE
YOU’LL BE CONSTANTLY REMINDED THAT ALL THESE
TEAMS NEED YOUR SUPPORT IN ORDER TO BRING THE
LAURELS TO STATE.

Q01; 4404/: 75mm id

l'til‘ llll‘ wt‘t'iititl outwit lltil-. titatl sllttlt'ttt l'itili .Altslltt ltttS dtt
Saiici's' lnilzxiiicn will lic II|It‘l'.il|tti‘, nonnwtl that the freshman tennis

 

(iii ,1 club twist» llltlt‘l Alltll‘llt‘ 5 .Il'l \ytit'lxlttL‘, tittl tltttly‘ ll. .‘t11_\'
lloai'd litiltt'\ tlii- .poii ianiiol .ip oi» i» interested in participating
pi'cctatt git tty \lltlll *lII'Il ‘.in ii ttn \port. they are urged to
third \t'.t|' ot ililt‘ltttllt 1.1“ .o tit moot cithcr Austin. frosh coach.
||\ til I H.1lll ll.tll|it\\ltl\

Sate I ~ lt.l tllt'lllllt‘tl It It Ilitlll lll l'l.i\llt.' trcslitiiait lt‘ltlttS affords

iii..- the oppoi tittiin to t'tt',Ltt:'_t' iti six
.i-tt ttiillt'L‘ltilt' iii.ittlic~. as well a»

lllt ltitliii ‘ llll' \l.itc l lll'.l'l in. loot

my to bc ltt Id on firm i.poit llli|:‘l

tItltl:»l' u: ltoihi t1 ito t tat imam otl .‘icuuot the \.tl"itly t’ac
llill \p v lad lil.itlli \I \\.i lltl out‘ncii ill the St'ttStill'h ftiittlc
but \11 on illtl I..iii. iiiiin .idt ltl‘d ll'liwlt niattli t‘i \A'ctlncsday,
lii' liiliti‘ liii illtlt \l.i\

 

JUST IN ('ASI‘I Ytill ltll)N”I‘ KNOW IT . . ..

ART KAPNER

Writes all types of insu'ance,

LIFE -~ AUTO —— FIRE

Hospitalization

’75 State Street 1:10 2-5581

11051471

 

 

Wrestlers Hit
NATIONAL

"Y" TournamentL

By BOB DAVIES

Over the Easter vacation, four
State t‘ollege students were busin
engaged in gleaning recognition for
themselves and their school. These
four were members of this year's
Varsity Wrestling squad: Clem
t‘row, .lay Katzel, Dick O’Connor,
and John \Voytowicli. 'l‘hey attend-
ed the National Y.M.(I.A. Wrest-
ling 'l‘ournament at Patterson, New
Jersey. Each man placed in the top
four in his weight class. t‘.lein fin-
ished second, Jay anti Dick finish-
ed third, and John finished fotirtli.

Olympic Rules Prevail

This tournament was wrestled in
International or Olympic style. The
matches were of twelve minutes
duration of four periods each. The
twelve minutes are divided into pe-
riods of six-two-twoutwo. The six
ininutc pt-t‘ititl is started in a stand-
ing position as is the last two min-
iitc period. The second and third
periods are started in the referee's
ynhlltrttt istantlard starting posi-
tioni liuriiig these periods, “2
poiiit l'~ aw ardcd tor each reversal.
t'lcni lost his last match by ‘52 point
and possibly even the tournament
championship as a result.

tine of the things that struck the
boy s as being especially significant
was tltc attention being drawn to
Albany Stath tither wrestlers
would ask (‘lcm, .lay, Dick, or John
what collc 1c they were from.

Wltt‘ll the reply of "State" was
‘.‘,l\t'll (It was perfectly clcai‘ to us
where State was! i. it was asked if
they meant Penn State, Michigan
State or other larger institutions.
Most of the iiiquirers did not even
know that there was a college in
Albany capable of producing and
holding such athletes. State's name
is sprcatlitig through sports?

 

I 80‘1de ﬁo’mneu

llowic \I'oodruff is a winner in
the studciit number contest and will
rect-in- two llt‘kt‘l‘~ to thc INCL/A-
\A'AI-ll'?

AMI A Opens
SoftboH Season

AAIIA softball coininiwsioiicrs
Sherwin Itowcn and John ltatli
lia\c aiiiiotiiiccd that the current
campaign \\tll cct undci' way curly
ttt‘\.t \\t‘t'l(

'l'hrct- leagues of steadily dcclm
ing caliber will lie in action llltlll
final exam lllttt' As usual, 1l 1\ cv
pcctcd that the first league will
tlt'tt\\‘ lllt' til't’illl'Sl ttllt'ltlititt til lltt‘
collcuc'. intramural i‘lttltll‘dihln
l‘I:it|i .‘ttlltt‘ will lil't‘St‘Itl first class
talent .‘tlltl will lic \I'llllt'xst'tl by the
tiidoinai‘y large crowd.

\Atllt lllt’ .ttltltltiitt tll ’lllt'lil XI
ttini- ‘it llll first Icaguc will boast
l'l“ll| \\i-l|t:i.iltln-il :Al'A,
l\ll. SIS .tllll l'otti-i' will lic Jttlltt'tl
to thc llttltltt‘lttlt'ltl litliiltt'l'l‘x .AI'
and l’oi.ii-. Itt rounding otit tlic lcu

l‘llt’ St‘l tip

TRAVELE
OVERSEAS

5x3 weekly, waiters oi'
waitresses on l'.issciigci
\llips during Stillllllt't,
l :s. (‘itirens ONLY.

I or details send SI

LANSING

Information Service

Dept. l'l-lt, Ito). '11
New Yolk 01. N. 1'.

clubs

 

PAGE 1

Opening Day Victory Eludes
Spina For Three Long Days

A telephone call from the Athletic Department of
Oneonta State on Wednesday afternoon gave lefty Pete Spina
an additional three days to contemplate his fourth consecu-
tive opening day win. Pete is 3-0 on opening days for the Fed
diamondmen and was to have me t the Red Dragons for
number four tomorrow until the telephone call. Oneonta,
plagued with snow and rain, has not been able to practice

and therefore is not ready to open

 

 

 

 

its baseball season. Spina, along
with the rest of the 1961 edition of
the I’cds must wait until Tuesday
at 11 pm. to face the Engineers
The equipment shack on the Vet- from R.I’.l. Spina has been an
eran's lt‘ield will be open during outstanding moundsman for three
tllt‘ following litiul‘si years at State and has registered
a 14-0 career record thus far. Maj-
or league scouts will surely be
present at the Bleecker Stadium
site again this season.
(.‘oach Itob Burlingame has five
'l‘o borrow equipment. all that is other letterineii scheduled to start
required is a student tax cartl in the opener on Tuesday. John
which will be retained by the lab» l‘avelka will handle the catching
oratory assistant on duty while the chores while .Iiiii Brown and Joe
equipment is out. llurton hold down the left side of
. the infield. .loe l’ozowicz will cover
A” “lullmwm “Urm‘w‘b mm" the center-field turf while team
clcs, tennis equipment. softball Cumin-n (.hmk HCWW) mums in
hats and balls, golf equipment, mu”
horseshoes, and golf equipment, .HHW S‘Wummrm Wm m] the
clc , must be returned on the same “lmummu positions 0” the ﬁeld
(my “5 immmm Dan ti'Aiigclico will cover the first
gum; ting grim-m. 15 ii, in. opt-n base sack with Joe Zwicklbauer
o the general student body, all 011017111013. 1” his right. Gary Pert-
will be able to borrow the cquip- field will join I’ozowicz and Re-
cesso in the outfield.

41mm 7/2“
Warnings point

By JIM DOUGHERTY

Although the l’ed diamondmen must
now wait until Tuesday for their first
regular season game (‘oach Bob Burlin-
game and his squad have already been
through one inconclusive contest. Last
Saturday behind fine mound perform-
ances and almost no plate power The
Stateinen stayed even with llartwick Col-
lege and ended the scrimmage in a 1 - 1
tie. Pete Spina and Captain Chuck Recesso
, at “ hurled no-hit baseball as llartw'ick scored
Burlingame its only run on a l’cd iniscue afied. Spina
tallycd State's off-setting run when he uncorked a 350’ solo
homer into left-center field.

t‘ozich Burlingame was quite impressed
however. with the showings made by sev-
eral of the team's rookies. Sophomore
Dan D’Angelico turned in two innings of
no-hit ball on the hill and showed poise
and skill while holding down the first-
hasc sack. Danny is on the roster as the
starting first baseman and the number
two pitcher. “Vito” also has show'ircon-
siilei'abte potential as a hitter and is as
welcome addition to the baseball team
as he was to the highly successful l’cd
basketball team this winter.

Joe Zwicklbauer and Gary Penfield are two more Sopho-
inorc starters whom (‘oach lhirliiigauic holds lll hiin regard
.Joe is it good glovcinan whereas Gary is llltISl noted for his
pow (‘1‘ at Ilic plate.

gwifzmeul‘ ﬂan

Alon thrit l~‘t‘i 77711115 p iii-8:30 p m.
(to darkness)

Sat 0:30 t1.1]1.~liillll pm

Sun 3:00 p,m.vti:00 p.m.

inciit as needed.

 

 

    

    

D'Angelico

There is some doubt as to the fortunes of this )‘t‘tll'jS
lt'.tttt, but then everyone in thc prediction business is a hit
pessimistic this early in the campaign. We havc little doubt.
however, that this team will provide many thrills for all those
fans whso follow them lltxt‘tttlygltttltl the season.

Varsity Tennis Team Set

t‘oach Hathaway's varsity iacquctincn arc rounding into
shape in anticipation of their season opener on 'l'hursday
against the Siena Indians. ’l‘heir match with the ()iicoiita lycd
liragons was also postponed t‘aptain Lou Wolner will be lead
ing the iietters in addition to lt‘llt'l‘ltlt'lt Don Cohen and Dave
Baum. 'l‘hc squad is rounded otit by holdovcr Steve Myslinski
and newcomer Gary Trudell.

Sports Sidelights: (‘oach Dick Sauers Don Cohen and
Jerry Hisert led the Albany Athletic t‘lub to their recent
championship in the St, .loscph’s Senior ’t‘ouriicy . . Cohen
was voted MVI’ of the tournament and Sauers joltth (‘ohcn
on the All-Star team . The A(‘ is presently in the finals
of both the. Schenectady and Troy YMCA tourneys . . Just
a lot more good public relations for State t‘ollege

 

