 

  

PAGE 8

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 17. l961

 

Debate Council Packs; News “Feature Dr. John Newton

OffTo R.l.T., Penn StateLUC/‘y Number Rapid Reading Over TV

Albany State Debate Council
packs its suit cases again for an-
other tournament. James Lewis,
Associate Professor and a number
of students are headed for R.I.T.
on February 24.

Canadian American Tournament

The Forensic Society of the R0-
chester Institute of Technology will
have the debaters from the Senate
Club of St. Michael’s College of
the University of Toronto challeng-
ing another Canadian team to
parliamentary debate.

The session is replete with robes

mace, speaker in white tie and
other “essential” parliamentary
accouterments.

The humorous topic of their

choosing for the parliamentary de-

bate iast year was. “Resolved:
THAT AMERICANS M E A .\'
WELL.”

Observation

Albany State will be sitting in on
the legislative debate to observe
their techniques in this unusual
feat.

Each college. however. has tiie
opportunity to enter as many as
four teams composed of two af~

Berger

’C'Ollfitllttlt from Pugc 5/

City College. Since that time he
has taught summer classes at Penn
State on the subject of The ilistory

and Philosophy of Education.

in 1956 Dr. Berger returned to
Albany State with his Ph. D. to
teach Education, which he has

been doing since then. At present.
he teaches Education 20, 301A, and
3018.

JIateriais Published

‘ Dr. Berger has written much
information on the subject of Ed-
ucation. included in this, is a
chapter concerning the “Historical
impact of the immigrant on the
American School" in the book
Public Education in America. Al:
50,. a chapter concerning the “Re
lation'ship of John Dewey to Pro-
gresswe Education” in John Dew-
ey: Master Educator.

rile has also written
Views in the magazmi-
and particularly in
College Record.

many re-
Science.
The Teachers'

Interests
l‘its interests iiiclndc reading and
doing research on "humanism."
lie stated that his only diversion
is “beating a number of other
faculty members in Squash."
When asked if he wished to add
anything else, i)r. tcrgcr said the
following: "i have always felt that
this school was an outstanding iii-
stitution of higher learning because
it believes that the best way to
prepare a student to become a
teacher is to give him a llttii‘ottt'h
liberal education" n I
An additional piece

of informa
litilthl‘S, ill-rgi-r. also, recent-d
her ii. A and .\l A at Albany
Stalc l

Help Week

(wilfuluid /,,I]H [rm/I, ‘

Shiiion Lcnowitz: l
chk is lli-ll'

Joanne “Ulllli‘lll‘I

Diane Stevenson:
long i think tiiat iii-lp Wt‘ck would
be more effective if it were cut
down to two days and intiiisificd
As it is now, Help Wt'i'k is, toot
consuming

lletsy Smith: i
it’s fair 'o llidhi‘
fraternity pm ispi-ciziiiy it she is
really pinned to someone cisc. ’l'hc
repercussions can he

think llclp

So fill so good'
the lllltt' is too

lllll‘

dont think that

a phdgc \vcar ii

disastcrous'

 

Attention all alert Colleagues! If A S W“ we k um i r lid
. .Y .’ ‘ , you can read and know your stu- 3° C CO .‘e n a)
irrigatne and two negatne diba- dvm number and “plucky, you Sailing, cpntyiluctg‘dlrby Dr. John it.
Resolved have a chance of a life time to ‘U‘ 0" 0 t  “.“c‘lilon Del)?”
I _ “.m a unique prize from your cam ment over closed eircuit teleVision,
Again in a humorous vane tiiey W5 “(,“ﬁpapm. began last Monday, February 13
will argue, “Resolved: that this H with an enrollment of seventy - fivc
House affirms the United Nations 17 5 SIMPLE

students.
proposal for immediate steps to A“ t’OllhﬂVC “H1015 1” lltOI‘OUSh- Dr Newton started the program
0 D

ward complete independence for 15‘ Natl the “OiVSIJaPC‘l' CVCFY Fl‘l- twelve years ago with five stu-
trust and non-self governing terri» titty ttttlt‘llinél I00k {01‘ a Silldﬁ'nt dents“ last year he began teaching
lories. niiinbcr which will be contained on television and his class number:

pennsylvam-a Tourney within any one of the stories. It
The first week of March. eight “‘“V b“ WW “limb”-

colleagues will trai'eidown through if it is. mu must mm contact
“llaca- EJHHTE‘. 9"“? 1h“ Arraizt the editor before it) am. of that
F'hlan “Human” In“) l’t‘tmsyh'an' day You may l)(‘('tillt[l('lln" a'iainst
'3' the” lllrllih‘s’h “10 9““le 0t 1h“ :inv number of other :uidents
“law 1" m“ "HY “f 5‘2"" COMM“ Time is the decisive cl ‘ment H
This is sitiiatcd in the geographic .n y, .. I \ '
center of the state. w “MM “um”

ed 220.

Effectiveness

Students usually begin the course
with a reading speed between 250-
300 words per minute. At the end
of seven or eight sessions 90—95";
of the students double their speed,
\l'llilt' their comprchnsion remains
at 70', or better.

DMme The winning name will be an-

DvhﬂuwS “Mending the mt”. noiiiiccd in the following issue ‘ T‘whismsmp?
collegiate tournament include ()us Prizes "WT l)" i)i('l\'(9(l up that  taghlswscolx" an mStmmom
Spvnmm‘ J!“ \sz' Jim Mullen. li’edncsday at the News office. And Which Increases the number or
and lrcnc \t'istcr. Sophomores: Jr W“ kmw my “0W5 51am you lw'ﬂd's you can see at or}? fixa'mm
Fran .'\',\‘stad ‘62 and June Aaron (‘éin imagini- the surprises we will )5 “Miami”, Up recognition “me

to as much as l 100 of a second,
will be used about four times dur‘
ing the course. Approximately two
selections are read at each meet-
ing. The time is recorded and the
student's progress is plotted on a
graph.

winner.
Student numbers will be selcctcd
in a secretive manner, lBM most
likely. (‘ontcst begins next issue.
We wish you ltick and llAPi’Y
ii['.\"l‘i.\'(i‘.

'64. Two positions are still avail- have m SM” {0" “‘0
able. interested students are asked
to contact Samuel i’richard,, Pro-
fessor of English before Wednes-
day for the Penn State event or the
iti’i‘ tournament.

 

DUAL FILTER

/.'
,-1

Here 5 one filter cigarette that's really different!
'l'lii- lllllt‘l‘l‘lll c is this
iiiiiipic iii/icr llllt'l'

lllitl\i‘ the taste of

I : 'liii'cytoii’s lliial killer
of .\(.ll\ \llzl) fillrtll(.fli\l., ilcliiiilcly printed to 'Z“""““"I‘:"""V
a cigarette mild and smooth. it works together

t’l'ltlltt‘ while. oitlcr filter-do litiluiicc lllt' llzitoi' elements in the.
lureyton ilelivers—-(iliil yQQ mtjiiy~lfic I)

gives you n

with

smoke.
on! lriiile of the heat tolmi'cus.

111m Mum Tara/[072 

’7‘)
"who! of  erﬁltllb'tlll :le’r/iu'o

 

x

Teache:

Advantage
While rapid reading i. . .i.
advantage, in certain mm
as English literature.
question of analyzing
more thorough rcadii
able.

'at't
“'lll‘n .i
RlA’t-‘ ‘

til

Openings

There is room for l'if'o-yi
students who can lIiili “r t.
Mrs. Thompson in lilili '
up the first lesson. The c'
at 3 pm. Mondays in limita-
270, 270A. 27l, and 376 'ii..
will end on March 27 i
only to college sttidcnt~

lFG Shows Film

ili‘ll will present tin
“The Sound and the
starring Yul Bryiincr
anne l‘l'oodward, on ll'i(lti‘
February 17, at 7 & ft [Lil], ;.
Draper 349. There will also it
another showing Saturday, l“t'l
ruary lit, at X p.m. in inapc:
“The Sound and the riot“
novel in ii

if ‘*

.l\\ 3

ill,
fur)
and is

adapted from a
Faulkner.

liain

  

AC'I'IVA'l‘lCl) (IlliultillAl. llll -r llllt'l
\ _

 

 

D ' '
l lire wliilc oiilci' filler

( I u n ,
w: )(‘I‘l’ '- tjotfuu'o It my wait, a ow

News

   

 

2-464

I. F. C. Admits New Frat; Rice Strings

College in twenty-six years, was officially recognized by Inter-

VOL. XLVI. NO. 4

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. ALBANY. NEW YORK.

. i ht
    Er!:vaei:i|rTg,oFreTirugy 24, at

' ‘ ' ' ' 8:30 in Page ilall, Music Council
Theta Xi Omega, the first new soaal fraternity at State Wm present The Rice String THO

' with Mr. Charles F. Stokes, chair-
Fraternity Councd at 7:52 p. m. Tuesday. I man of the music department and

The colors of the new fraternity will be green and Silver; 5010 V1013 player of the Albany
it's motto will be “May it be everlasting.” Symphony Orchestra,‘ Viol:.;e:iti(t)(1i

In order for a new fraternity to be admitted, it must be Sir-(Iﬁfergcf‘vﬁalpgléaz‘fﬁésyubass_
recognized by the college administration and the members baritone. Three guest artists, Mr.
of Inter-Fraternity Council and-must'fulfill a probationary Edward A. Rice, concert master
period of one year. During this period, it 'must obey the ohm, Albany Symphony Orchestra.
rules set by the Council. It will have all the rights and duties “on”; Mr. Arthur Cumcaia‘ 5010

of the other fraternities" except the . cellist or the Albany symphony
right to vote at the ('ouncil.   and Mrs. Map
C g The program will begin with the

‘N‘itl' l'3- [titltfm'il- “W” Ur 1h“ Dolinanyi Serenade in C for violin.
('iillct’i‘ has released to the hem viola, and cello, followed by church

llepi'csciitalixcs of the new frat-
ernity who attended the meeting
Tuesday \vcrc .iiin hicAden, i’cle
Petll, llill i’owiiida, Sophomores,
and Ted Wackcr '62. Other officers
inc-dude l'harlcs llakcr ‘tiﬂ and Joe

be featured.
i’rograin

Powhida '63. that “ “"“' Slfufll’m *“u'm to" cantatas by Bach for bass. with
those students in student-teaching Violin and piano. Mp peters“, Wu]

The idea was coin-cued by has been established. and Will no also sing a Russian group jncmd_
Wackcr, i’cltl, and .\ic-\dcn during into effect in September ‘01. mg ’I‘schaikovsky's “Pilgrim‘s
the final (‘Xulll pcl'ltttl last SHIN-t instead of thc Alti‘DlC grading Song", “None But the Lonely
let" 'l'ltl‘ Smut) “US “00” “Till-“H 3‘ system which has been and is prcs- lieart", using viola obligate by

cntlv in effect. an S and l' system Mr. Stokes, and “ilunger Song”,
will-be employed, (‘iii. and “The Song of the Volga
.»\ccordin}_: to the Allt'lii-I system. Boalmen", (laisberg 'l‘hc conclud-
tlic grades of A, it, t‘ and E have ing work will belthe Brahms Piano
the usual connotations. A. ii and C Quartet in (i Minor for piano and
wcrc, considered satisfactory and strings.
passing gradcs, while an it caused
11 student to be unacceptable for
crcdit toward graduation. llowcvcr,

constitution, talking to the admin
istration, aitd soliciting members
for about three weeks.

'llic constitution was presented
to intcr-i"ratcrnity (‘ouncii 'i'hnrs-
day, February if). The (‘ouncii dis»
cussed the matter at that titnc and
decided to discuss it further at in»
di\idual fraternity incl-tings .‘\ion-

(‘oiniiig Events
Tuesday, March 7. at 8:30 pm.
.liusie Council will present the

' I  . )ci'inl coin itilsory ll"t' , - I, _ l ,.|" , , I r I
dd) It \ SI f ih d [for 'l‘lll‘ﬁtl‘ly (mmmm‘ will" In “Film” 15. conducted by Elaine Brown and
x x I H I. l ‘ it | I i. - I I r I ~ ' _ .
m” '1’”, lldﬁl fl tt inilv \\’l\' rip mm H“ H-(“HHHMM' “‘13! “1 Warren Martin. Reserved seat

A” I ‘l‘ H I‘ I- I' r .i-« l -t». - H." _ ‘
“mum A“ J M ‘ NH“ “mm” 5h“ m' ‘1 ‘15 tickets can be obtained in the

c o n s i d c r c d unsatisfactory, but
could be used for graduation. liow
cvcr. the college would not rccoin
mciid a student rccciting it i)

resented by its president and two
II“(T rcprcscntatitcs and had onc
Vote.

“Wm H “mm” m“ MW um“ either for certification or a tcach- It'll" “mm”! V0110“ “and. .(wi
March it it) (‘tilll])l(‘l(' its llSl (if my. [mxl‘mm' curl \Vlll l)(: pposcn'uiil {211131)},
charter members it now has up \‘UW, lmwowr' Lit-commit», it, [he MHFCII 17111 l-WlJ-m- in dbl? d i
proximately IWi-nly members. m‘w S and U ut‘iltlitlti hit-fist Itt'W Officers of Music Council are

connotations have been estaolish- “an-wt MCNm-y’ prep-mum; (“my

Th" “‘3‘” “mommy “'1” will” t‘d for the Ht'ﬂdt‘s km"! 10 “Wk Lou Gallagher, vice'president:

functioning immediately. Jackets ’
11ml Pills were ordered )‘t‘ﬁlt‘t'tléti’. means that the student has sails». Natalie L, Clark. treasurer.
“Military i'iH'Ully ltlt‘ttiltt‘t‘h itt't‘ M‘- fzictorily performed this phase of . '
"It: t'UttliH'lUd. llH' L’Htlli) Pldtlh it! his ltaclnng tducation. ilii S W] G f
purchase a house next semester. coiiiii towards graduation, but Will  
A special iii‘t‘ committee has liccii not affect the quality point average

i -  i' ’ ' ' - ' " lcs are based
a )pomtcd to in ip lltt fldll inity on \tllttll all giai , f
(imam/U ('oiifiiiiiitl on l’iii/i i, (olii/iiii .i  S 

State (‘oilcgc students in
weekly (Ercat liccisions meetings
The students are gathering ill doi'
iiiilortcs, group houses,

rent world problems,
to clinic to their own
stand on these issues.

in their discussion on
l)vcr (.‘crmany, it was the conscii
sus that the United States
continue to insist on Allied occupa
tioii rights in West Berlin

of self determination. The serious

the foliownig comment by a dis
cussion incinber'
plan Would solve the
There must be a combining
ideas We must have faith,”
fUUliflIlltt d on l'uyc .i, ('ohimii t

 

ll“(‘ meets to recognize ’l‘licta Xi Omega.

slit'citil permission from n faculthy) wmldlamuus Westmimswr Um“.

lower perister in exchange for
student tax cards on March 1, 2, it,

A tough linc is being taken by
their

fraterni—
tics, and sororities to discuss cur-
attempting
personal

lJciidlock
must

until
Germany is rcunitcd on the basis

"No one idea or
problem.
of

BOOST THE PEDS AT CORTLAND STATE!

Peds Trek to Cortland

  As Tournament Opens;
S.A. Bus Goes Saturday

 

The Peds won this one going away. Look for the same at Cortland.

March 2, 3, and 4 the basketball team will play in the
fifth annual State College tournament at Cortland. The tour-
ney will be composed of eight State University teams selected

itﬁ'ﬂosﬂﬁ‘eriﬁﬁ"gum man.) will on the basis of next Monday’s Dunkel ratings. Due to increased

spirit at the home games this year, busses will be chartered
for students to attend Saturday nights championship game.

Thursday, all teams will play a unnamed opponent in
the opening round. Friday night the four surviving teams
will play in a doubleheader, and Saturday night’s action will
feature the championship game with the losing semi-finalists

Professor Levin
Initiates Series
On Literature

Today in Draper 349, at l p.m..
l'rof'cssor ilarry Levin of' Harvard
will be the first speaker of the
Comparative Literature Series for
the second semester.

Dr Levin will discuss "The Am
crican Voice in English l’oetry."
A well known author and distin-
guished scholar, Dr. Levin has
written many books. They include.
(‘ontexts ol' (‘riticisin; .l antes
Joyce. A Critical Introduction; The
Over-reaclier, a Study of Christo-
pher Marlowe; The Question of
Hamlet; An Edition of' John Wil-

, , . . , | ‘ I , inot, Second Earl of Rochester.
dcttHL‘élcltt‘rS. A“ b (bulISiUCUtl‘Yl. itosahc Longdon, secretaiy. and

and A Satire Against Mankind and
Other Poems.

Dr chin is also an authority
Modern Languages and in Com-
[iltl'ulHt' Literature. ilc holds a
litistcr‘s Degree in Ancient and
Modern i-‘orcign Languages. lie is
well acquainted with the classics
and art and a specialist on his
liililt

ill

The Series Leclui'cis
March Lit,
Still, “1'
Yalc will speak on l)ditlt,‘. l’i‘ofcs

(in .it 1 p in, in lira

pcr 'ihoinus licrgin ol

soi‘ licrgiii fornicrly taught at

State l'tilli‘gc .‘ilid t‘ol‘iicll
"the Poetry of William lliakc."

\\lll be presented by llr. Northrup
l-‘i‘yc on 'l‘hui‘sduy. April ill, at 8

p m in lirubachcr Lower Lounge
iir iv‘i'yc is the i‘riiicipal of tlic

iicss and thought given to tliesc “(401.1” (“ppm “f U“. [Hum-h”)-
"dircctcd bull sessions,’ as they I” '1',,,~.,,m,,
have been called, is revealed iii

The t'oniparalitc Lilcraiiii'c Sc
i'ics will close with lir, Amiya
i'hiikravarty of lloston l’nivcrsily
The lecture will be based on
'l'agoi'e and will licid Friday,
.\pl'll 138. at l p in in lirapcr Ilrlti

be

vying for third place. Consolation
games for 'i'hursday's losers will
take place Friday and Saturday
afternoons.

’i‘lic l’eds. currently sporting a
iii—l record. were ranked second,
lit‘llllltl lirockporl iit laSl week’s
i)unkcl ratings. Should they win
convincingly tomorrow they would
go into the tourney top-seeded. Al-
bany has been installed a 2-point
favorite for the fray because of
their homc court advantage.

t‘oacli Saucrs c.\pccts his team to
be at full strength by next week
The only injury at present is to
t'itpltiln Sherwin litiwcn who is still
nursing an ankle injury sustained
in the Sicna game.

in the four previous tournaments
(iswcgo and (‘ortland have won on
alternate years. The l’eds have
entered the past three tourneys.
finishing in seventh. fifth. and third
places respectively. Last year the
Sauersincn lost a one-point thrill-
cr to defending t'iiainpions Cort.
land 11* the semi-finals before de-
t‘ciiting i’lattsburgh for third.
Kraft iii-re 'l‘oniori‘ow
li:-ii I'oti-n of the l‘cds and Dick
Kraft of lirockport arc the only re-
The
tifiiol lll’ot'kpol‘l spccdster is cur-
rently ranked fiflli among the na-
State
fans will get a tllilllt't‘ to see both

turning All 'l'oiii‘naincnt stars

iioii s small t‘tillt‘tft‘ scorers.
iohcn iiiid Kraft iii ililitlll here in

tomorrow ‘5 tiiltlcsl.

'l'i'ansporiation l'roildcd
\todciit bust-s \\.li be provided
lor Saturday ttt,.’l1l s ihaiiipionship
'l'lic til 1
o'clot l-. Saturday afternoon and will

mount bust-w \\tll lc.i\c
rctiiin i-ai'ly Tilllldtl) morning \lii'ls
ha\c giicn hours
for the interested students
should sign up tll the lower pert
t'iisl (if the

trip is Still) ipayablc iii advancc)

bccil t'\lt‘iltlt‘tl

t‘\i'lll
styles carly nest wcck

which iiicliidcs transportation and
admission

 

