 

 

The Inside Track

Better than the
Average Tournament

By SKIP GEBIIARDT

It seems a little late to mull over the Maryland State
Game but there has been so little said about it that now
might be the time to give you some of my impressions of
the game.

When I first saw the Maryland team come on the court
my reaction was of pure sympathy for the Sauersmen. Here
was a team that at first glance appeared to have taken a
wrong bus and landed in Jersey City instead of Madison
Square Garden. Their center was 6’ 8” tall and he was only
one inch taller than their two forwards and two inches taller
than two of their substitutes. As they warmed up I set amazed
as one after the other proceed to throw the ball down
through the hoop taking care not to bang their wrists, fore-
arms or even elbows on the rim. These giants were not the
stereotype that one sees in the cartoons trying desperately
to walk without tripping over themselves, ather they were
agile, competent athletes demonstrating the finesse so neces-
sary for such a competitive sport.

As the game got under way I watched Maryland jump
to a 7-0 lead and it became evident that Sauers was using
the only strategy possible, slow possession ball. Albany could
never have run the ball for two very good reasons. One, we
did not have the ball handlers necessary to maneuver the
ball well in a fast break style, and the second is that a running
game was the way that Maryland loved to play.

  

Happy
St.
Patricks
Day
From
The
Sports

Department

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1961

NMIH ﬁll-glad. ﬂattéeﬁall 7m
404 /960-6/

 

Pictured above are the 10 men selected by vote of all participants
in the intramural league as the best in AMIA basketball. The. All-Stars
are: standing, Jerry IIeisert—Sayles, Andy Cibulsky—KB, Dick Moore
-—t’otter. Ed Broomfield—I’ottcr, amt Bob Dzicowicz—I'otter; kneeling.
Dave Janick—AI’A, Jerry Blair—AI’A, Bob Saiids———KB, Gary Jones—
SLS.

 

The only offensive answer for
Albany was slow. deliberate bas-
ketball. running the pattern again
and again until one man cuiild
shake loose for a clear iiunp shot.
If the shot was missed. the team
would almost automatically lose
possession of the ball. The cusual
observer would at first think of
this game as a matter of simple
layups for Maryland but this is
not so. ()ur defense underneath was

 

strong enough to force Maryland
into outside innip shots. This was 
in itself almost futile since their
accuracy from outside left very
little to be desired. Maryland was
not a perfect team however and
they committed many violations
that enabled us to stay within tcn
points of them for most of the
game.

There was one point in the third
quarter when Albany made a des-
perate hid to tie the game tip. At
the time we were ten points behind
and two quick baskets put its with
in sly; points of Maryland. This was
the crucial point in tln ball game
and Maryland responded quickly
by taking advantage of scy'ci'nl .\l
bany‘ errors The result was that
they went from a six point lead to
a twenty point lead in a matter of
minutes from that point on tllt'l'l‘
was no contrast and no Kansas
t‘ity tor Albiny In the final analy
sis it appear» that we would have
to be extremely lucky to beat a
team tuch as this and it is no
shame to low to Sllt'll a high tlll
erallyt calibre tcaiii

572 Mid Noted

ltay “ct-ks and Ilt‘l‘l) llcik will
piobibl‘. make the ino\c fruin
l~'i'osb to \ai’ ity next season
ltay i- .i 'tt'tt.t nilou- sliootcrtbi'uk.
ntoi‘ini i'ciorit of H” by llt'llllt‘
lint til 'I .aiiu ~t and should litlt'
\tcll .i.'.iin«t a lone tlclciisc
IIt'I‘l) ls .i .,ood 'big man. ' staiel
mi: til it Iii-ik can keep to».
ankle olnt tor a lull >t‘ilSttll tltt-
lilt'-t'tl only b ,uinn-s this year:
ltt‘ tlllttlltl we a lot of action
llon Delano tSyi'acusci and Paul
Sheclian 4St llonavcntui‘ei will at

so in new be t- among the Sauers

man nest season ti'Il‘i“ ltill
Vomaska looks good in the eyes
of lunch Sauers t-l means

Interstate Intercollegiate. liltllvltitt'
at Invitational

 

Tareyton delivers the flavor...

 

Here's one filter cigarette that's really different!

the dillcrcinc is llii~: lillt'ylttlt.~ lhial lillci giics you .i
unnlue inner llllt‘l’ ot \t |l\ \ll‘.|l t ll \ttt titl _ dclinilcly proved to
inakc tlu- tiisle of .‘t t igiiettt- iuild and smooth. ll \ttill\~ lopcllici with
.i puic white ontcr llllt'l to balanci- lln- tlayoi clcinciits III the smoke.
'Iili‘cylmi delivers v— and you enjoy  l’tt‘ lies! loslc of the best lolmccns.

 

   

 

I'ltt‘c \tllllt‘ (NHL! lillci'

T v 1 ~
/ f
1214/. Hum (NCJ/ Oil   

 

 

9; wry: tmmﬁt

A.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCII 17, 1961

 

I 440m 71¢“
 M?!

By JIM DOUGIIER'I‘Y i |

Saturday, December 2, WM NEW PALTZ Away
The above is the first line of next season’s basketball schedule.
It may not mean much to you at this time, but it certainly
holds unique significance for one
Richard J. Sauers. By winning this
initial game, Coach Sauers will regis-
ter his 100th win as mentor of
STATES ever-powerful basketeers.
Since coming to STATE in the Fall
of 1956 from Slippery Rock State
Teachers (‘ollege (Pa) via the United
States Navy. Dick has compiled a
highly respectable, six-year record of
99-44. In view of Saucrs’ coaching
ability and all-around contributions
to this campus, we certainly hope that
he is still here when his thoughts turn
toward number two hundred!

COHEN SETS STANDARDS

After earning All-(‘ity honors as
a basketball player at Albany High
School. Don Cohen moved next door
and became a mainstay for four years
on S’l‘A’t‘lﬂ‘S Sauers-coached team.
During his last two seasons. Don led
the l’cds in every department and
owns a total of six school records in-
cluding:
Most points. one season
Most points during tSot. ctr)

and [SH years 1367
Most field goals, one season lllit (Sr)
Most free throws. one season H7 (Jr)
Most rebounds. single game 213 tSr:
Most rebounds. one season
PEDS SELECT BEST OPPONENTS

Although he stalked out of Page (tyni highly angered and
dissatisfied with his performance. llrockport's sophoi‘norc Bob
Gumaer registered the highest number of votes in the team
balloting for the l’eds annual all—opponent team. The final
roster looks like this:
l’lltS’l‘ 'l‘l‘IAM:
Bob tluinaer. l-lrockport
(tcne lattaglini, ()nconta
.lcsse Williams. Maryland
.lini btiiiei‘, llobai't Angelo (‘ondie, Cortland
Mike l’icciaiio. 05y‘.'<‘y_ti l.Lt(ltllU lleckei‘, ()neonta

CROW DEMONSTRATES EXCELLENCE

“As excellence is demonstrated, a person should be able
to achieve his potential level of competition." 11 is with this
idea in mind that Clem Crow is presently engaging in the
NAIA National Wrestling 'l'oui‘namcnt. at the (‘oloi'ado School
of Mines. This opportunity to further clevelop as one of the
nation's outstanding collegiate wrestlers is only conicnsurate
with Clein‘s unblemished seasonal and exhibition record and
his recently acquired 130 pound championship crown garn»
cred at the 41 Meet in (‘1evcland, Ohio. We are all certainly
proud of (‘lcin and hope that he will continue his winning
ways.

 

l my.)- 14;.

    

SAUERS

 

 

 

323 or)

 

 

 

Slit‘thl) ’l‘ltlAM:

liave lliddick, h’lai'yland
l.;tl'l‘_\' llancock, Howard 1}.
item Sidlosky. (‘ciitral t“onii.

pecdrt Seadanaf gialid l‘r’cd

FG FT RB Points Avg. Games
lion t‘ohcn 11131 121 Alti‘l'l 507 18.1 Ztl
.lini Oppcdisaiio [Til {lb 328 438 151') 28
Roger (‘ascy' ltll 5-1 107 2:36 1).! 28
llill (‘armcllo s10 28 Ill ltltl 7 it 1-1
Sherwin llowcn tilt to it) 172 til 37
.loliii Wallace :31) Till 1513 1:351 53 7 ill
\'ito ll'Aiigelico til 27 2H 17;") 5.7 :17
Jim tlrcenc S-l ~17 Ell 1:35 5.?) "ll
hay ltobinson 37 11: 12 t3? Ill) 3‘:
\lcrt Sutherland :3 t 7) lit 1 I lit

'l'l‘IAM 'l‘()'l‘.\l.S 771i fill?) 13.77 3051 73,24 Ell
(tl’l’thl'lN’l‘S tiiitl ililtl tltl7 lti'i'tl till ‘
' Singlescason record; old record held by' ('ohcn sci last sea
son at ltttt.
Singluscason record. old record held by t‘ohen set last
son at 11‘.) Includes single game record of go

‘t‘.t‘

.II'S'I‘ IN (‘ASIC Ytlll l)l|)N”I‘ KNUW l'l‘ . . ..

ART KAPNER

Writes all types of insurance

LIFE —~ AUTO —— FIRE

Hospitalization

75 State Street I10 2-5581

110571471

 

 

 

 

to: tSi'i "

 

PAGE 7

Crow Captures 4-l Tourney Crown
Travels To Colorado-NAIA Tourney

- it

 

   

»

     

(‘LICVI CROW
t-I (‘hamp

“7AA

Softball Season

Starts Soon
Iiy SI'ZANNIC I’I..v\'l"I'

'I'uesday Bowling League
(‘hi Sigma Theta
3 Aldcli L?

llrubacber '3
The ‘.:tltiti'.\ 101' the 'ttit'stlity'
lt‘it‘..'t|t' will finish tlll‘y «tilllll L.
'I'ucsday

'l‘liiirsday llowling League

1 Mil llilti
2. llrubacher
1‘, t’si tiilllllllil

tianima Kappa l‘lu

Kappa llcltzi

Alden

\tarch 1.3 \t' A A t‘onncil met in
llriiliacher l’ufortiinatcly' oiin four
tlol‘tititol‘lcs \y‘ct'c l‘t'tll‘t‘St'lllt‘tl iititl
obyionsly' a tltltll'ltlll was not pres
sent. I! hardly \t‘t‘llls worth the
time if the rcpri sent dues are not
interested 'l'o ant in remedying this
situation the secretary will send out
condensed minutes of the meeting
to cath council member in addi-
tion to posting the full minutes on
the \\ r\ A. loard The next meet
my \\'tll be April llt. ltttil and it is
hoped that all will attend,

Sot'ibalt will begin soon with t'ul“
ol ttilli-spie as the ’l‘nesday league
iiiaiiai‘cr and as the 'l'hiii'sday
league manager. .liidy .‘trong The
deadline for entries is March It.
lllttl 'l'llc st'iit'ct‘s lol' the 'l'tit‘stttty
league and \ice term It a scorer
is absent one torlcil \\|ll result
and it a team has one fortcit they
will be ousted from the league The
maximum number per team is
i'lL‘lllt‘tll with seicn as the llltll
lltlllltl starting number

The liiial basketball game will
be tentatiycly nc\t 'l'uesday be
tween tlrutnicher and ttauuua l\'ap
pa l‘Iii .\lay the best lt'llll win!

\t' \ A has tli'tttlt‘tl to formulate
IllitllS this Slll‘llll‘ tor a play day to
be lit Id tlt‘\l lttll tltSlt‘ittl ot liayiii:
ultt' lliis npl'ltiy'

L. G. BilLFOUlI

li'ralernity Jewelry
Hodges, Steins, Rings
Jewelry, Gifts, Favors
Stationery, l’i'iig'i'aiiis

Club I’ins, Keys

Medals, 'l‘ropliies

 

l“1\'l\’l“ltl5l’l‘\‘ lit). “LIN;
171 Marshall Street
Syratnsc It), New York
(.It 5—7“?

(‘url Sorensen, Mgr.

 

   

 

Woytowich Selected MVP;
Team Elects New Captains
In Crow, Woytowich

By BOB DAVIES

Clem Crow, State’s only undefeated wrestler, has brought
back another championship to State College. This time, Clem
has captured the l30-pound championship in the 4-l Wrestling
Tourney, held at Case Institute in Cleveland, Ohio. This will
be Clem’s second championship this year, including the State
University Championship.

Clem wrestled against and defeated three conference
champs on his way to the top; two of them were undefeated
until they ran into Clem. ‘

Clem started the series with Fred Scott of Miami of Ohio.
Scott is the current Mid-American champion. Clem rolled
over him easily, winning by a 7-2 decision.

In the quarter-finals, Al Bevilacque fell to the Fed
grappler. Bevilacque is enrolled at New York University and
is the Eastern conference champ. The Violet grappler’s record
stood at 9-0 during the regular season. Clem downed Bevelac-
que, 5-2.

Lanny Kovlik of Waynesburg College was next on the
list of calves to be slaughtered as Clem easily decisioned
him 4-1.

In his final match of the set, Clem proved conclusively
that he was a champion by decisioning Bill Kehrig of Lycom-
ingCollege, 4-2. Clem wrestled a fine match, winning the
praise of the coaches and officials for his fine ability and
superb wrestling. Kehrig is the current Middle-Atlantic con-
ference champ and was last year’s 4-l champ.

_ According to Coach Joe Garcia, Clem was one of the main
topics of conversation during the meetings of the coaches.
Compliments were showered on Clem for his balance and
variety of moves. Clem, true to his nature, did not wallow
in this praise as he might have, but was eager to share it
with his teammates and his coach.

- llctorc the tournament got under
AMIA' \vay' (‘oach tiarcia had only one
worry about t'lein‘s performance.
   the calibre ot ‘tltc competition
y (tent had ltt't'lt lacing during the
current season was not very tre-
  mendous. lliie to-tltlS. (‘te'n did
not tune the confidence that was

essential if he was to win.

its t‘lein started wrestling. hc
sccnictl to pick up steam as he
began winning. Then, by the time
be entci'i d the final match, he was
wrestling like the champion he had
the ability to be.

The H tournament. an annual
meat at t'ase lnstitute in t‘leve-
l.lll(l. was attended by thirty-nine
colleges and universities from
many sections of the l'nited States:
Among those schools represented
were Notrc llanic. t'entral Michi-
gan. \\'ayncsburg and N.Y.L'.
\t'aynesbnrg. lt.l.’l'.. and Kent
State t‘ollege were the first, sec~

llear ye! llcar ye!

.ts of Monday, March tit, \ollcy
hall season commenced. (in that
hallowed evening, y‘e old h’obras.
Say'lcrs. Saylcs and l’ottcr reign-
ed \tt'ttil'ltlttS over the Apaches,
l"|‘.l"s. l\'li Aces, and Al’A, re-
slit't'll\t'l)',

The Honorable (‘oiiiiiiissioiiei‘s,
ltayc llcdgcs and Dave Union
have cleverly worked out. a sched-
ule with games going past Spring
vacation by one week.

.lonsts are held on Mondays and
\t’ediicsdays from 7:30 in the eve
id to lit! in the night. .lousts will
also be belt on S' turdavs 'nd Siiii- .
days, the fiirnicrlroni f'tltl‘tllltltltﬂ’ (md' “ml “Hm place “hums' W»
m- I, U” “I dusk “w hm“. hm“ 1:1 spectively Albany was twelfth
mm [H 1" “mm; (UHF) W p m ) with thirteen points. ()ut tllyll pus

' ‘ “‘ ‘ ’ \lltlt' littt points. lll‘St place “ayiies-
burg scored only Ittt 'l‘liis bottom-
licayy score grouping is the result
of the spreading of ten champion-

t W Apatllcticstlllc Eyes slllttS among ten different colleges.
Sun. 3 [Hi liiiights-lx’appa lleta (trapplei's l-Ilect ('aptains, MVP
3‘15 Altilt‘llt‘8~(illt'>l> 'l‘he \‘arsity' captains for next
It iltl At’A I‘Il'll’ year's team have been selected and
t 15 Saylcs Waterbury t'lein t‘row' and John Woytowich,
Holt. 7 Ito Al’A l‘It'll"s John has also been voted Most Yal-
h to tlne l'Iy‘cs ly’obras uable Wrestler by his teammates,
Si no l‘otter Kappa llcta This award 1S given to a wrestler
St -t:'» ly'll .At't‘SAPitlllt'llt's who. in the opinion of his team
“t'tl. "i :to Saylei'slimghts mates. is most \ahiabb- in terms
it lfi ApachesWaterbury- of wrestling skill leadership, and
scholarship

.ltililt ll is tlt‘\t'lottt'tl tt lilllt’ “fest
tine l't't’tll'il tlll~ year ainl has
wrestlid .ll‘dlltSl many top class
ttllltllt'llltlt'.‘ .ltililt liits lit'i‘ll it lil'i'itl
tattvil‘ tit lltt‘ tlt'\t‘ltlllll|('lll Ul llls

Sat, 1 l.'t ltiilii‘iis-tiliosts
I‘ lit) l‘tiltt‘l' l‘:l‘:l’
I. lit till Accs \‘l'atcrbury

it no (iliosts (lite l‘iy'cs

 

EARNS $135

Iliii'ing Summer

Traveling Overseas

\lnsl lie I'. S. (‘iliicii

t‘oiiiplctc llctails l'itt'iiishcd llilll John was always ready and
\\llllll_t.' lit : |\t .ltl‘dt‘l‘ t'l' itSBl‘dillllt‘
a» needed John will be .i lll‘.‘ help
to the team in \t year. bid is look
me forward to a big year
“lllll' Big State Addition

l’aul \\ltllc. a freshman transfer
from town will be a big help to
the PM team next year

less i'\[t"l’lt'ilt't'tl 1t‘LtllllllttltS on
both l"l‘t“\l|||titl| and Varsity tctnis
\\ltctic\cl‘ Sthlt'lltltl) iislxcil ltllit liit‘

SllMl stun

LANSING

Information Service
llcpt. l'I-ll -—« llox 71
NEW YORK til, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

