 

PAGE 2

Cry Wolf?

The big story is obviously Milne. Big, because the bevy
of half-truths printed about the story has distorted the picture,
blown it up entirely out of proportion. And, as expected, the
newspapers—because of the trend toward iournalistic sen-
sationalism—have seized upon these distortions and half-
truths until it begins to look as if Orval Faubus had moved
his headquarters to Albany. We have printed today what we
feel is one of the foremost pieces of reporting to appear in
these pages. Our sole intention was to attempt to gather, clarify
and report the facts of the story: as completely as we could,
and more completely than has been done heretofore.

We feel strongly against racial bias on any level. Yet, at
the same time, we are wary of anyone who indiscriminately
cries wolf. And such seems to be happening too often of late.
The complaint lodged against Milne, and made public to
everyone except the school, was made, we feel, in undue
haste by a person much too sensitive about the color problem.
Such hasty action hinders, rather than helps, the Negro quest
for equal opportunity. Naturally, the proper procedure would
have been to gather the complete facts, then if there was
still a question about the Milne admission policy, the complaint
could have been filed. At any rate, we feel the revelation of
the facts, as printed in today’s NEWS, completely exonerates
the Milne school, its administration and its policies. We would
applaud a withdrawal of the charge and an apology to Milne,
and, we feel, such action would do more to advance the Negro
cause than the loudest illegitimate howl. It will take a great
deal of courage for the complainant to withdraw the charge,
and probably much face will be lost. But which would be
better: TO EAT HUMBLE PIE, OR SAVE FACE AND DO
SERIOUS DAMAGE TO A WORTHY, IMPORTANT CAUSE?

Radio Pigeonholed?

Early last semester, Senate approved the formation and
institution of a college radio station. As yet, however, we have
heard nothing on the radio from the seemingly stillborn radio
station. This is something of an unfortunate situation. It is
unfortunate because for once a really interesting and forward-
looking idea has been advanced, and nothing seems to be
happening with it.

We think the streamlined type of government which was
formed at State in 1957 was a progressive change for the
better, and fortunately we were here to see it born, and to
know the people who instituted it. They would be dismayed,
most likely, to see how somewhere along the line, this im-
proved form of government has gotten bogged down In com-
mittee work — much in the fashion of our national govern-
ment. As we understand it, that’s where the radio station
lies now: in a committee.

Once again we make a direct appeal, this time to Dave
Brooker: Will you get the station off the ground, Dave? It
would be quite a legacy to leave behind.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

ESTABLISHED MAY l916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918
\ol. Xl.\'l March 17. 1961 \o 1‘
Tim iii.tfc:gr.i'iaa'e lJ-‘Aspitpct of Hutu- l'i. :: :" ‘Ultf'h't‘ if t<‘..:. t o x ,
,-.n.1s:.t-tl czcr‘.‘ l"ttda'. of 1m (Mate: yt-tr t t .‘teu, ' I t ,t.
tumor ltitlfﬂh
" .‘ll‘t'.‘.n ttlt’vhli
.'.ii.i.i.-i\t tits-urinal: :,oi.,t. 1‘. an”,
1 "Iil I hit!

ltAlclfAlt ‘t ltllo i'.
.'ltL‘il'l ‘t‘t int i}
i-,l..'\l.\l‘. lUi‘d \ twin-t1:
ANNE nil-ll i ll
‘vi.-‘.lt‘i'll)? l'}l;'.lu.\".l1i.‘.’
ifAltltAltA ll\l.l

“.1 Horatio! faith:

it "til l'itlllhi
l.ti.'oi
t, 1': H.307

f
\
.-\ vml:'t lttll":
\
i

‘lfvlt A. l..v\ Hold! ‘ .ttKle' 1';t..'.i.
uni/,1: ‘.1 .lfi‘ lat: l-. t
i\ it) i/i | it \ vi: 1 ll: 1/
' .5 t t. t t; i .i t i it;
..  won  i no. .
I i l t
I.
t,‘
ti i llt ‘ t
, ,i i 1 l: . .‘.
t. I; . i '. bt‘
Ali w .y, if ,it t‘Il’ ill ,

 

 

Gomqu

 

Dear Editor:

I find it difficult to understand
last week's Common-Stator com-
ments on the Westminster Choir
concert of Tuesday night, March 7,
unless I assume, as I think 1 do

rightly, that these statements were 1
motivated not by any sensitivity to

the choir's efforts or the audience’s
appreciation of it, but rather by
some ill-defined notion of preach-
ing a sermon against. that old nem-
esis of the State (‘ollege Student-—
culture.

If 1 had taken the trouble to
bring an applause meter with me
to Page iIall that evening, it would
have registered very highly on ev-
ery selection. In fact, members of
the choir openly said that Tues-
day night’s reception was one of
the best of their current tour.

As a matter of musical history
and of general awareness, selec—
tions such as Palestrina‘s "Stabat
mater" and Bach‘s “Singet (lcm
llerrn" would probably not be ap-
plauded at all in their appropriate
setting which of course is a reli-
gious one. It also seems certain
that Morley‘s "Fivel Fivel," and
Banchieri’s “Coutvaponto bestiale"
made no great demands on any
one's cttltttre quotient.

for those of its who cared. the
tlioir performed superbly, and
whatever reservations 1 may have
about the selections in the last
fifth of the program can best be
resohed by realizing the natural
and professional desire ol the choir
to appeal directly to a wider and
more immediate range ol audience
interest. I hesitate to say conde-
~ceiid, bitt futurc statements like

t'ulturc, t'ulturc, t'uliiire,” pre-
sumably reflecting the attitude of
the State College student, may
iorce me to it.

W. ll. Edwards Ill
licar l‘lditor:

Perhaps it is just as Well that
the (‘oiiimon-Statcr is written air
oiioiiiously, btii as it is. l have no
one to direct this criticism to.

in the first place, 1 am sure that

sarcastic aiid cutting comments

liaye their place and sometimes
strike homc. bringing abotit a

thauge iii an undesirable situation,
I consider it a step out of bounds
when suth coiiinienls are directed
toward .‘lll attempt of certain indt
\idiials. who perhaps don't belong
to the "pseudo uppercrust" of our
lair institution, to tiiakc a place
for themselves on our clitlny
campus.

Secondly, I object to the crew
tuts vs lone. hair dispute. ('rew
cuts last for four years, or four
years and onc summer .st'~\llill, or
a fifth semester as the case may
be 1 how always supposed that a
college educatioti should help the
rock ‘n roll youth to appreciate the
better things that our great cul
iiiri- has to tillcl' \ great percent
age of those who attended the
\i'estiiiiiistcr ('hoir t'onccrt enjoyed
themselves and appreciated the
work and practice that went into
»ttch a hiin lcycl production For
those who didn't, I suggest a good
afternoon of l.lttlt' ltichat‘d at the
t' 'l‘ 'l'lianh you

(‘iirol Slattei'y '62

Your
Student
Number

This
Week?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1961

    

“Should I go back for the other glove?"
From llal Ktipplow's l.;\l'(llllNG IIIS'I‘ORK‘ALLY ($2.50)

vvaVVVV'vvvvv‘ve~++vvvvvvvvvvvv-vav..- V v . . v c . . , . ,v

Gammon-5W

AAAAAAAAAAA-AAAAA-1_-AAA‘V.A+~+-AAAAA-A-AAAAA--~AA‘

DAY 0]" GREEN
Recollections of St. l'at‘s Day
"l‘was a day for drinking and spreading good cheer.
1 was going to ti'lfcaney's to down some green beer

I got up in the morn at the first sign of day.
Whistling Killarncy as 1 went oitt my way

With \llilllll'tit k. slitllelagli. aiid all the «d in green
l was drinking and singing and making . a scene

'\.\ midnight approached, too iiiitcli l'd consumed,
Inn I drank and I drank ‘til i finally exhumed.

but the day has arrived I'm prepared for llll' worse.
[it L.o there again and the licvil be cursed'
l'l’ Tl) 'l‘llli llll.l..‘~i

\i'e'rc pioiid to announce the rt stills of lllls week's li‘i'eshman llant e
Poll. The \‘.llllit‘l' and still chaiin of the flick Parade is the “'l'cton
\liilllil;11[| Stomp " 'l'he sexiest .‘xtatc '~~l(illi[)t'1‘.\ \\lll be .'itcn ati t-xpcuw
free hike to l‘liiladclpliia. where they will pcrloriii on Tech ltaiidsianti
.'lll'NCll. llll'N('ll. )lt'Nt‘ll

Let‘s applaud the sororities for a job well done,

For those Monday night hours that are so full of fun,

For the cake and cookies and coffee with cream.

The men all look forward to making the scene.

You girls are so grand, its about time you knew.

That the ph'tlgt'\ and brothers lake hats off to you
l’lu'l'l’l'lth

.\lay ‘tH' \1114..tsl that some fearless |l|tll\l(lllifl‘~ draw tip a lc'.\’ tltlil‘t'.
int-hitting . . .

1 A 't'lcaii up the t'oninions" protest, for the purpose of attrall
iiig more students to that place rather than the already overcrowded
cafeterias. 'l‘his cotild entail the provision of more bridge tables, i orc
chairs, and a fii‘cplacc glowing with the warmth of burning bcutht
and, how about a rug.

‘J-A "Sweep ottt the .\iiieasc” movement, directed ftLttllllht 'i,t
tinwholesoiiic conditions which e'iisl iii the Student l'uioii lleccntly
our editor courageously >lttllll1it‘tl the sincase screen but didn't stic
cecd in smashing the smog.

SlNl'l-Iltli ('(lNliIl:\'l‘l'l..\'l'l()NH . . .
lo .\ l) student directors. Ariecii liinci‘y
liil‘ lllt‘ll' protcssional leadership atid interpretations
to the Junior \t'cekcnd t'ouiiuittec. whose uncanny platoon
"l ill“ “ill” l'lll'l.‘ ~-’l\\ tlic music. beer. and l"rt“'vllltlfltl L’lll\ all run to.‘
at iiiidnite, I
. . to the l-Ilgart Hand. and its I'ti\lli‘.‘. leader
lht- “Les” hc pliiyt'tl
'.' til" 'l'lll‘I lllil‘llt
\\'hcrc will we play baseball this year”

.iiid llasw lvat'

lltt' ttioi‘e llt' tli‘tiiil

 

College Calendar

l“ltll).\\'. \l.\lt(‘ll 17
'i‘ on p lll

 

and ft on pin I l" (i
t‘ollegc ltaiid t'onccrt
Saylcs liate I’arty
hiﬂtna l’ht Sit‘iiia lltite l'ai‘ly lot‘ .‘wtaltwnit ti .Illll olt Mill l"
men.

l'hi lll‘llil Upcn llousc tor Hlitlt“~tllt'll

to 11.’ midnight Alpha l‘i Alpha liatc l'ai'l\

liliii My Man lititlll't'l‘. '

H tilt p in

it on p llt
H on pm

S.\'l'l'llllt\Y, Nllllfll Iii
.\hlcti Ilall liate l'arty
Kappa lit la little l'tii‘ly
fsl'Nlt.\\'. .ll.\ll('ll It!
If ttti p iii
I. (to p iii
if Ito p in

to .t on p to \‘t;;tci‘|iiii'y flail Hpcn House

to , on p it. lxgippu lit-ll;l tiptn lloii:.c llll' oll t'tiiiiptts incn
t ‘ ‘ ‘

to .l .io p llt (hi fsigina llu l.l lipcn lloit~~c lul‘ blélll‘WM‘

muslin. Mtttt It L’tt

.; on p Ill (ll'ttl Interpretation lil‘iltlllt;'n iii lii'apci‘ H?!

H u” l' I“ in ll! tilt p in Kappa liclla (‘olfcc flour for kappa lft lit
llcta .’.cta t'oflce flour for Sigma lambda sigma

'l'l‘l'JSliitt'. ltlAltt‘ll 21

r .
I t.) p In Aiiiciicttii theiiiical bocicty meeting in Iti'u

 

 

 

 

 

.-.- .Axwum as

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1961

 

PAGE 3

 

Anna aiid the King:
As portrayed by Pat Benedetto and Marty Molson.

State College

 

Revue Stages

Broadway Musical Hit Play

itodger's aiid llauinicrsteiii's
musical play, The King aiid I, will
be presented iii Page llall, Friday
aiid Saturday. .\larch 21 and 2’).
Tickets will be sold starting Mon-
day. March 2o, for $1.23, (‘ui‘tain
time will be promptly at 8 pm.

The idea of a State ('ollegc ltc»
vttc was first introduced in the
Spring of 151:7? and has since been
established as an annual event. on
campus. ‘l‘i'aditioiially'. the show is
completely student organized and

has no faculty advisor or direct
affiliation with any drama group,

The only touch of the purely pro-
fessional is found in the costumes
which are rented from theatrical
agencies aiid are often identical
with the ones used in the Broad-
way productions.

This year, the well known musi-

cal is directed by ltobcrt Stein
hatter ‘ti2, assisted by ltoleiic Ma-
crini 'tiB. The musical director is
Mary Lee (llass '61, and the chore-
ogi‘aphy is by Jfob 'l‘ilroc ‘62 attd
Arlene l’atiuntts 'tiil. liaiiicl l.ar
fit-tile '62 is the scenic designer
(‘ast

llctidttig ii liil‘gc cast are l’ul
lencdetlo ‘ii.’ as Anna. the English
gowrness. and Martin l\1olsoii ‘61
as the king of Siam. Jeanette Lay
Fayette ‘oi plays Lady 'l‘hiang and
(lilfl \l'ackci'ow 'till, 'f‘iiptim. Dave
Jones '13: is cast as 1.1m That and
Larry tiray 'ttl as KnaIahomc.

The musical play is based on the
novel, Anna and the King of Siam,
by Margaret Langdon aiid contains
some of the best known music of
the modern American musical
stage.

Applications for
ResidentialHe/p
Now Available

Robert K. Munsey of the Person-
nel Office has announced that ap-
plications for resident assistants
are being received by the Housing
Office. Forms may be picked tip in
the ltousing Office. Resident as-
sistants will assist the directors of
the resident halls and counsel in
planning and the day-to-day oper-
ation of student life within the
halls. Remuneration consists of full
rootn and board, or approximately
half room and board depending on
the position.

The term resident assistant is
used this year in place of counsel-
or. used in previous years. Women
applicants should return their
forms to Dean Stokes in the Stu-
dent Personnel Office, and male
applicants to the Housing Office in
Draper 111.

Applicants, in most c a s e s,
should be Seniors and graduate
students. Resident assistants are
usually drawn front graduate and
Senior ranks although welfquali-
l'ied Juniors may be considered.
Students from other colleges who
will be taking graduate courses
here may also apply.

Due to the new wings on Alden
and Waterbury llalls, there will be
an increased need for staffing.

Summer Employment

.-\ large number of notices for
summer job positions have also
been received in the llousiiig (if
lice. .-\ 1961 Summer l‘Imploymciit
Director]. is tl\tlll;tlilc

 

Notice

ltasse Kopen ‘62. President
of “Set. announces the forth-
coming l'iiial State (‘ollege ’l‘he-
ater production of the year.
()lillll’l'S ltl-lX. directed by
Dr. Paul BrUce l’cttit. Lillian
Schniift ’ti-l has been chosen as
assistant to the director. Try-
outs for the play will be Mon-
day and Tuesday, March 27
and 28, at 7:30 p.m. in R291.

 

Have a real cigarette-have a CA

WEST COAST ARCtttTECY

3- ' II’I

 
   

The best tobacco makes the best smoke! or W

M .i ltcyitoitis 'l'ubitwu Cu., Winston Salem. .\

   
 
    
 

  

"if.
Irv/Misti (.3
t, l o Sat
Ll.

 

 

There's Groucho and Chico and
llarpo and Karl; now ther's Rob-
ert E.—Robert E. Marx: painter,
teacher, and printmaker (not
necessarily in order of preference),
born Northheim, Germany, 1925,
exhibited in third floor Draper for
the past few weeks (for those of
you who are inflicted by acropho-
bia.)

'l‘his neck, the rays and praise
of the l’rlsin focus upon the col‘
lcctioii of caiivasses displayed in
our spacious "art gallery."

Perhaps it is not fair to judge
the work of Mr. Marx by just these
few representative compositions
this best are now at his exhibit
in New York City), but to this uti-
trained eye, the paintings appear
to be quite "('owley-Wilsonish."
Definite vertical and horizontal
lines. l’oi'inlcss form, and the soft
blending of adjacent colors put
Marx's pieces in the same school
as the atoi'ciiientioned artists. ttlr
is it \‘lL‘L’-\t'i'SLl'.')

.\lr Marx. like most artists. ap-
parently has his pliases-aibviously
this is his “blue period.‘ Earth, sky.
water. snow are all interpreted in
\arions hues of blue. 1 aiii sure
that .\l1', Marx intended some syiii-
bolism to be involved with the use

7/te 

By ELAINE ROMA’I‘OWSKI

of this color—perhaps a certain
sadness or depression, perhaps a
feeling of coolness—or maybe he
just couldn‘t afford to buy any
more paint. At any rate, the muted
oceans, the endless skies, and the
many-shadowed snow drifts depict-
ed by Mr. Marx seem to reflect
some sort of mood. Whether the
viewer intends to interpret the
scenes as calm, or as sombre, or
as depressing, however. is left en-
tirely up to his own individual im-
pressions.

The vast expanse of landscape
and scenery seems to be the main
theme of the pictures on exhibition.
The fact that Mr. .tlarx‘s father
was a landscapist is probably the
reason for the artists preoccupa-
tion with the immensity of nature’s
domain.

Favorable mention should also
be made of Mr. Marx's prints and
charcoal drawings which exhibit
light lines and delicate detail. not
unlike Japanese prints.

The Art Department of State
should certainly be thanked and
congratulated for making the works
of contemporary artists so easily
available to the student body—even
it" they do tend to favor artists who
display the same tendencies as
they.

Coalitions and Folly Erupt
At Penn Debate Tournament

The .\lbany State Ilcbate 'l‘eaiii
met 18 other l‘Iastci'n t‘ollegc. on
the Penn State campus March it,
it was a tournament of "response
ability" as the representatives
challenged one another in parli-
uiciitai'y procedure aiid :iitcllcctu
til tictttcticss.

The statistics on the
the three day lcat are in line with
what one would expect when the
little sectional teachers colleges
meet the big university schools

Awards “on lty l'iiitcisities
awards

i‘t'sttlfs of

l'he parlimciitary xicn
won by ltl'l'. .\'aty. l’ciiii \'t.t't
\leii and l’ciiii State noon-ii -.-.i.t
also won giitcigii'l t’Iilllt‘s' I!
would seem st-tis:ble that 'h- ill".'
\t'ttl'-~ ‘Illltt'l’s ‘.\titll(l lit' t‘it‘l'lt'il
ll‘tiltt Ellis t'tit't‘ til. cttliLiiiit' :‘tvitlx
ti‘s liitl when the little 't.oli:-i'~
with-ch gel logt'llit-i‘ tlicy it'll ':
torn: a coalition that railroad~
tltllltt‘ iiilo office.

l‘icsidcnt‘s Folly
lhc l'i'csidcnt lroiii l'l't'ilv‘l.i

Natl-11M will) ltl‘vl his t'ttlili‘cl ii\c1'
the \‘MI iiiny iii tlic tir~i l.\t' lll.l1
lll('\ oi lllt' \t‘~\ttiit but alw h.el
it‘oti.ttill_\ \ltllt‘ll ft'oii.
ptililtcal toclﬁail

his :;t\«'l

llllll tllll'lll‘ .i

party tha' ii:..l.i
.‘vlajoi'ity ltule

“by do ~iich people tit‘t.t|i\ 'hc

t‘.i|Jttlilt' til

li.t.t

positbn tin-y are not
l:lllll1." \\t- llllli'
pout-r only by riiitiot'uv rule \\r
do not han- the lllltll'l’ti‘tl llt‘ti maiy
to touipctc tor the ti\\'ttt'l~ ‘ltlw
.'.t' lilltt‘ illl‘ l1l1.t'l|1‘l1l l») 'lii‘ ltil‘tt'

1'Hlll‘,“1“

of our oo'. rnaiority pottci 'hiow h
'lit‘ I‘.t't‘ t-li*
l.iii\ l’as
\liILlIItl H lull on iiictloa. to .t 'h
llit‘st'

..t‘ It,|‘--lll it} ~t‘lltllil\ tli

i'tttltlltlll lllt' llil\.ﬁ ltil' llit' ~ititiitl
.ml t'lllt'fll \\.t~ that thcii' bill was
not loi‘ coinpiil All) instit'anct flow
ctci', it was to be supported by
:'t'ttt‘l'ttl taxation. The majority
lilll of which Albany was thau'inaii
had the 'toiiipid
sory" \H'lllt'lt into the preamble
the issue was to bc supported by
.nsui'ancc companies tiur bill “its
\ottd down on the basis that it
was coinsuloi'y as it was worded
 the minority bill and ltt\ttlltitl
was reasoned not t'tilitlitllstil‘\ on
the sttlllt‘ grounds
Among the 7 Albany
was one aggt'cssne first sciiicslct'

tltllttil iitit'ly

tlt'lt’Hitlt'b

l-‘rosli who kin-w how to take ad-
vantage of any situation By luck.
.\lb;tiiy was selected to be on the
influential iiotiiiiiutitig coiiiiiiiltcc
which would l‘t‘t‘tilllllll‘lttl officer
candidates for the next year.
Utii' debate coach had in mind
an c.\:[JL'i'lcticc(l sophomore who
had attended the conference last
year. However. she was busy poli-
ticing at lhc time but otir eager
brush was at hand. l“thl1(‘I‘l11tif‘t‘,
he insisted he occupy the post des-
pitc the fact this was his first

tlt’llil't llls art of persuasion won.
Can We ('ouiit‘.’

We now ino\c to the asst-iiibly‘
ilooi' where the majority of the
\lliiiii). tlelt';*.i‘.cs l't‘ilittltl silt'tit
but .iltciitati\t .\iid then tomes
our 'o th..t:tt~ to speak - the

\ot: ‘~ Yiikt'i \c~ tin ti‘osh iiiou
ctl in t,ti.i...y to .issunie the role

'11 \tllt' .'itiiiotiiii'cl‘ bill wettictt ti
'!iint~, he t')tll1l also dictate 'h.
illtlltl‘ «Il llit' titltli' ti tlt‘lt‘g’lth“
\‘.t- do lE'tl deity ‘.h_ii foresight is

tl'illtll'ttll‘. iii tlt‘litiilfi" but this can
be tuibait'as-in“ win-ii an Albany
.'ti'iscs 'o .i It'llll of order
til tlic tlclt
atctilcly

tlt‘lt"..1ll‘
and calls [or .t revolt
".llltill llc
drum.» llliil he
ll'.tli‘ wt'cll

also liltlill‘ ll
.otildn! count .1»
Lililliiflllit'tl

'tit ll tti.il,

"\ \tii
\otc lty llaii
‘o think .hai

licdtttc l'lic
(tor fiosh script-ti
'hc ciiaii’iiicii til lllt' iiiaioi'iiy lot."

llt't‘tl lltll ’.‘.i' ltt'l tipitt‘nill tilt fin
mild .tlltl l.l.ltt'l.|iilt'  tot:
tlt‘lt'..t‘t will) lll'tlll‘l .l ‘>"'t
tli'~lt'.itl Hi itllt' ll‘i‘t‘. \\.i* llli‘ l't~
wizcd by tht- .iiitlitnte' ‘\\'lt.il
kind of people do you lil'Htj.‘ on
do or tlcbtiiiw’ ’

l’crsuasion
persuasion had

the \l'[ tit
lllt' pir‘tvci‘ til
plat-til our lVi'osh as chairman of
thc toniiniitct- \atui'ally those it
-.cliools on the toiiiiiiittce had becn
tiltliltt‘wt‘ll and nominated ttiidoubt
\'lll_\ lltlitllilt'll tli'lt‘L‘1tlcs ltit' llll‘
position from lllt'll' own school
Having a thoicc in positions. \vc
sltll'lctl out with the presidency
by nominating our chairmen oi
the majority lilll, 'l‘tic l“1‘tisl1 was
quickly persuaded to decline our
entry in favor of someone else
'llic grounds of the declination are
tltti‘stttillttlilc

 

