 

l .

 

 

 

 

.By Dean Chang
ASSQCIATE SPORTS EDITOR
_What.a' difference a game makes.

; Before Wednesday's 7-3 loss to Platt-
sburgh. the hype and hooplafor the then-
undefeated Dane soccer team was ,com-
parable to what the New York Rangers get
Jrom their fans at the beginning- of every

ase'asonhHopefully'for Albany, the parallel

willfsto'p there“ _
' {The loss woke up a lot of people," said
J “pay-Assistant Coacthfrim-Ne'zaj. ‘_'lt
7:29?th players in their proper place. We
werle‘undefeated. sure. But 20 is still only
’tw‘fwins. two easy wins at that.‘ We
:w‘ ﬁn’th-O."

 .Alliany knew that the game would be a
good barometer of the team's true

capabilities, so mental readiness was not a
problem. Seven goals were problems,
though. ‘

V "in my twenty some-odd years in
coaching, l have only seen a gatne like this
once before." said Albany Head Coach
Bill Schieffelin. "I can’t ever remember
giving up seven goals, not even against
Hartwick when they were nationally rank-

   

 

V ed. it was a very peculiar game."

Whenever a large number of goals are
given up, it's only natural to point fingers
at the goalie, Howard Tygar. But one must
go further than that. Four goals were
scored off headers, two via corner kicks
and two through high crosses. Platt-
sburgh’s forwards were left unmarked in

rthe penalty area too ofter. And the mid-

lield didn't play well, according to Nezaj.

“i would put more of the blame on the
defense for rtot marking in the penalty
area,” said Schieffelin. "it was a case of
Howard being. let down by the defense
more than it was him having a bad game.
What were the defensemen doing when
Plattsburgh got two uncontested shots? I
couldn't really i'ault Howard."

Tygar had two shutouts in his first two

collegiate games, so expectations ran high.

“Tygar deﬁnitely had an off day," said

Nezaj. “You have to wonder if Howard

will play like he did in the first two games

or will he play like this in the first two
games or will he play like this in the future.
if Tommy's (two-time All-SUNYAC
goalie Tom Merritt) back isn't hurting,
we'll have to make a decision as to who
will start next game." Merritt has been out
of action for the past few weeks because of

a bad back.

Schicffelin also noted that Tygar wasn‘t
playing the ball well. “When he came out
to 'play the ball, he never got to it.” said
Schieffelin. “The cardinal rule of goalten-
ding is that when you come off the line.
you get the ball."

The midfielders were also sources of ir-
ritation for the soccer coaches. “When
you play a four-micficlder- and two-
forward alignment, the tnidfielders must
get into the offensive game." said
Schieffelin.

The forwards were the only players to
escape constructive criticism. "Tihan
(Presbie) had an excellent game," said.
Schieffelin. “Jerry (lsaacs) played very
well also. Sometimes he overheld the ball,
but he was looking to pass to someone. We
did a good job offensively: we could have
scored six goals."

In a normal game. six goals Would be
more than enough to win. Nezaj equates
scoring three goals in soccer to scoring 40
points in football. “When the forwards
score three goals, we expect to win against
any team," said Nezaj.

The match began innocently enough. as
it took Plattsburgh l8 minutes to notch the
first score of the game. Two minutes later,
Carl loos headed in a pass from Presbie
off a direct kick, to tie the score.

Things began to look even better wltcn
the Danes got another goal, this time front
Presbie, to take an ill-fated lead, 2-].

 

.;1.8.§R9If"° ‘4‘???”"3’777" “55.3 .E' “mi,” SEffEi‘BER.2.”..’.’i‘

. Q i -.
mi  y I
. , . _ e l I

“The goal was beautiful." said left

halfback Warren Manners. “Jerry (lsaacs) .

was on the right side of the field when he
passed the ball to me on the‘left. l chipped

‘it in to Tihan, who was just to the left of

the goal. He brought the ball down with
his chest. turned, then blasted the ball in
the opposite corner of the goal."
Manners'thought that the final score
wouldn’t vary much from 2-1. “I figured'
we would keep the lead," said Manners.

‘spon rs BRIEFS

Upcoming events

The Albany State football team will
travel up to Brockport to take on the
Eagles, who-have not won a football
game in 18 tries...Tomorrow after-
noon, the unbeaten women's cross
country team will compete on the road
against Binghamton...The women’s
tennis squad will be' playing at Mid-
dlebury...The men’s tennis team will be
hosting the annual Great Dane Classic
today and tomorrow...The men’s soc-
cer team will be hosting Cortland
tomorrow afternoon...The women’s
soccer team will look for their first win
tomorrow against Colgate.

Rhenish honored

Leone Rhenish was named a Woman
of Distinction by the Governor in his
Empire State Women of the Year
Awards on September first.

Rhenish was honored by the Gover-
nor for her work as a member of the
Los Angeles Olympic Organizing Corn-
mittee for field hockey and her work as
the long time coach of the Albany State
Women‘s softball team. i

The winner of the Woman of the

’SQ'sooce’r team routed a,“ ‘piaa‘sa..gn, 7-3

“Maybe a goal, two goals at best.”
Perhaps in a normal game, but not on
Wednesday. Plattsburgh scored two goals
within the next four minutes. added one
more before the. first period, and got
another one l3 minutes into the second
period to give Plattsburgh four
unanswered goals. Presbie got one back
six minutes later off a header from a Scott
Cohen feed, but it was immmaterial.
16>

 

Year award was Mary Conklin who
won a silver medal in track at the I928
Olympic games in Holland.

Also honored was Jessie Godfrey, a
Professor of Physical education and ac-
ting Assistant Athletic Director for
women at Binghamton.

Bowling league

There are still some openings left in
the winter leagues at Campus Lanes.
Those interested in bowling on Sundays
may contact Scott Stickler at 462—9839.
Men and women who would like to be a
part of the Albany State intercollegiate
bowling team, or want information on
the Thursday Night Mixed League,
should call Sal “The Kingpin" at
457-8918. A

Racquetbali

A racquetball tournament, sponsored
by the SUNYA Racquetball Club, will
be held on October 6 and 7.

The deadline for signups is Sept. 30.
There is a $5 entrance fee.

Entry sheets can be picked up in the
Physical Education Building.

All levels are encouraged to sign up.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a @WW§R§WW cinemas
' @[rocomttc
Moscow ._ ’
tHl49§ON‘ MOSCOW ON THE HUDSON
‘ and
SUDDEIN IMPACT
. Lc-7
 "    FRI. ano SGT.
.ROB'N  Y ‘ 9.22 923
Lots
Shows at: 730 ,
10.00.
S wrath Eatx cordd  I“  ,
. WI an ax cor , A!
L 59 Funde v 

 

 

 

 

  

By' Dean Chang
ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR

With the Great Dane Tennis Classic
coming up this weekend and the recent
success at the RH Tournament. the

Albany State men's tennis team could be .

forgiven for letting up yesterday during
their 7-2 victory over Oneonta. After all. a
win is a win, and this one was the Danes'
fourth in ﬁve matches. 7

“Our players realized that we were the
better teamii‘“. said Albany Head Coach
Bob Lewis. “After that RPI Tournament,
a letdown was expected. It‘s my job to try
to control it. They just did what they had
to do to win; l was not dissatisﬁed with
their performances."

Captain .lay Eisenberg'admitted that the
enthusiasm for the game was at a low level.
“it's hard to get pumped up for a team we
know we're better than. i considered it as a
good preparation for the Great Dane
tournament.”

The match saw the collegiate debuts of
freshmen Bobby Gibson and Steve
Greenberg who played third doubles
against Oneonta's regular third doubles
team of Bob Hennessey and .lim Wilk.

After a first-set tiebreaker loss, the
Albany duo came back to take the next
two sets, 6-7 (7-5), 6-1, 6-3.

The two freshmen had never played
together as a doubles team, and it took one
set for the pair to get accustomed to each
other.

“We didn‘t know each other’s style,”
said Gibson. “l was really upset when we
lost that tiebreaker. in the last two sets, we
pulled together and showed we were a
team."

Since there are only six singles positions
and three doubles learns, Gibson and
Greenberg will seldom sec arty playing
time. Gibson, who at eighth flight is one
notch higher than Grcenbcrg, understands
his situation.

“l’m only a freshman. so I ltave four
years to grow," said Gibson. “I'll try to
get as much experience as i can So i can
move up on the ladder for the spring
season. Now that I’ve played college-level
tennis for the first time, i want to play
more."

The outstanding performance of the day
belonged to senior Mark Sanders, who
defeated Wilk at sixth singles, 6-2, 6-2.
Sanders has been out for a week with art
injured elbow, missing both days of the
RPl Tottrnamettt. Dttring his absence,

FRIDAY. senemaea 21. 1934 ’D‘ALBANY steNTpaess'  I

etmenbeat-Oneonta j

sophomore Dave Zobler filled in ad-
mirably. earning him a challenge match
against. Sanders in the near future. But
Sanders' victory strengthened his position
at sixth ﬂight.

“Sanders gave the most solid perfor- .

mance of the day," said Lewis. “Mark is
fine, and he will play sixth. Zobler played
very well, but Mark has a right to the posi-
tion. You don’t lose your position just
because you get hurt."

in singles, Dave Grossman topped Keith
Studnick, 7-5, 6-l; Toni-Schmitz beat
Mike Hughes in. three sets, 6-7, 7-5, 6-3;
Eisenberg defeated Dennis Collins. 6-3,
6-4; Mike Derma'nsky took Scott Rudwiek.
6-0, 6-4: and Mitch Gerber fell to Hen-
nessey in three sets. 6-2, 4-6, 6-4.

,In doubles play, Gerber and Zobler gave
the‘ regular number one doubles team of
Grossman and Schmitz a breather and
took on Studnick and Hughes. Since the
outcome of the match was already decided
and darkness was failing. the doubles
match was reduced to a l0-game pro-set.
Oneonta‘s duo took the set, l0-6. The se-
cond doubles team of Eisenberg and Der-
mansky beat Collins and Rudwick in a
closely contested match, 7-5, 7-6.

Wednesday's laugher will be a far cry
from this weekend’s tournament. This
year’s Great Dane Tennis Classic promises
to be one of the more competitive tour-
naments in recent past.

Of the IS learns that will participate,
University of Rochester. University of
Vermont and Concordia must be con-
sidered as the pre-tournament favorites;
Vermont is defending eltampion.

Unlike the RP] Tournament, the team
score is based on the amount of victories
each team member accumulates. All the
first singles players will play each otltcr
and all the second singlcs players will play
each other and so on.

Albany finished an unexpected second
last year, and this year won‘t be any easier.
Coach Lewis doesn't tltink any Albany
player will be seeded.

“Realistically, l don't plan on winn-
ing." said Lewis. “we'll just do the best
we can and give a good account of
ourselves."

Eiscnberg feels that Albany is definitely
one of the stronger learns in tire
tournament.

“it's going to be tough. but i think that
we‘ll be ready." said the captain.

Junior Tom Schmitz beat Mike Hughes ol Oneonta in three sets, 6-7, 7-5, 6-3.

“Everybody‘s working hard in practice.
and hopefully we‘ll do well. We ltave a
very positive attitude this year and we're
working well together."

The weather is expected to be excellent,

    
     
   
    
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
    
 
 
    
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
    
    
   
  
    
   
  

no

LUCKEV UPS

and Lewis is hoping to get some spectators
for the tournament. “This is an excellent
chance for people to see really outstanding
tennis iii the Northeast. 1 hope people
cotnc. D

YOUng Dane netwomcn start fast with two wins

"Things look good now but we have a long tough road
ahead of us with Middlcbury, Plattsburgh, and ‘St. Rose

 

By Perry Tlschler

STAFF WRITER

mptly thrashed 6-3.

6-1 in a long match.

 

ERICA SFIEOEL UPS
Helene Tishlor seen getting low lot a backhand. The

netwomcn have a 2. record.

Hiawwum.wam-m....._ _

 

The young and green Albany State netwomcn have
broke fast from the gate compiling an impressive 2-0
record. Tltcy are young, they have a winning coach, and
they may he on the verge of a championship season.

The latest victims came from Oneonta and were pro-

First singles Deb Leffe. in what Coach Serbalik called a
“super ntatclt," battled Elise Richtol for three sets 3-6.
6-0, 7-6 before taking her in a 7-4 tie breaker. Second
singles Geri Chiodo disposed of Nancy Allen. 6-3. 6-3 and
newcomer Lisa Valens opened sotne eyes with a 6-0, 6-4
win over Nancy Rawe in a six singles match.

Oneonta grabbed the other three singles matches as
Michelle Brom took Helen Tishler, 6-3, 6-3, Lauren
Freadway beat Ellen Yun, 6-2, 6-2, and Nancy Forbes
dropped her fiftlt singles match to Amy Backey 4-6. 6-2,

in doubles competition. an eight player squad forced
Coach Serbalik to reuse his singles players while Oneonta
brought out a fresh crop of talent from their deep squad.

Number one doubles tandcn Leffe and Chiodo took a
6-2, 6-2 match from Pam Mamas and Maria Megann.
Number two Dane duo Tishlcr and Yun romped Robin
Heres and Stephanie Heres 6-0, 6-2 and the rookie-
formed duo of Valens and Nina Chettng surprised Lauren
Drevdway and Sherryl Stronwasser 6-1. 6-1 to sweep the
doubles competition and give Albany a 6-3 win.

What makes this win more impressive is that the ‘Danes
were without top singles player Betsy Aronin and im-
pressive Ellen Katz in their first two matches.

Coach Serbalik remains cautiously optimistic

coming up." Serbalik was very impressed with this young
squad and feels they may really be heard from if they get
their squad back to full strength.

“Right rtow, Betsy (Aronin) is gone for at least the first
two-three weeks with a knee problem and Ellen Katz is at
least a week away from returning. We really have to scrap
and remain as aggressive as we are."

How far the Albany State women's tennis team goes
this year remains to be seen. in the words of the business-
like coach, “it‘s going to get very interesting."

 

 

Jeff Biatnick’s
Road to the Gold
in Sports September

Tuesday

 

 

. “W” i ‘ ,.,....,...r-.4.u.ra~mutanmmnuwatwﬁﬁ

  

   

   
     
   
  
   
    
    
 
    

