  
  

 

 

1 "RIM
*‘ Editorials

COLUMN ..
'In' defense of ROTC

_ had never fought in a war when the situaiton demanded ’
it. Our civil war to free the slaves and our involvement in

..W..mv.m..mm~.

 

editorial , editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial ‘ editorial editorial
editorial editdrial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial , editorial.“ editorial ~ editorial
editorial editorials editorial ~ editorial.
editorial ' editorial editorial editorial
e’ditoriali,- v-  editorial editorial“"'. editorial
edit’orlai‘. editorial‘ editorial  editorial 
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial: editorieli editorial. editorial
editorial” ,editoriail A. weditoﬂali' , - editoriai'
editorial editorial ‘ editorial editorial
editorial- editorial ' editorial editorial
editorial  editorial ‘ editorial editorial

7.

it is again the fall season. the leaves are turning, the air
cool. and oh yes. ROTC has once again become an issue
of heated debate here at the University. For the fourth
year in a row. ROTC has been attacked through and by
the ASP. The time has come when inaccuracy. insult. and
downright lies concerning ROTC will no longer be
tolerated without rebuttal. This must begin with a discus-
sion of the events of last week. and the ROTC situation
on campus in general. .

Timothy Taylor

Two weeks ago. Central Council voted to ban ROTC
from tabling in the Campus Center. Although a non-
binding decision in itself, this decision dictates the in-
dividual who is responsible for approving solicitations
pemiits for tabling to deny any request by ROTC
representatives to present written or verbal material in the
Campus Center, using desigrlated table space. While this
act represents SA’s stand on gay and lesbian rights and
their disagreement with the federal law that prohibits gays
and lesbians from being inducted into any of the armed
forces or intelligence bureaus of this nation, it represents
a violation of civil rights. Speciﬁcally, ROTC has had its
right of assembly (l4th amendment) and right of free
speech (lst amendment) taken away.

The anicle in the September 25th issue of the ASP that
dealt with this decision was followed a few pages later by
an editorial that was riddled with inaccuracy and
uninformedattacks on ROTC and the military in general.
One of the paragraphs of the editorial specifically states.
“ROTC- also discriminates against women and racial
minorities,“ economically less effective than civilian

 

 

vocational programs. is a drain on our education dollars. ‘

and if nothing else, it exists to train people in the art of
wutand the ignorant narrowmindedness of blind na-
tionalism, things the world can definitely do without.“

if ROTC indeed discriminates against Women and
racial minoritiu, then why are both'these groups well
represented every summer at ROTC Advanced Camp at
Ft. Bragg, Ft. Riley. and Ft. Lewis? Why do the armed
forces. more than anyone, impose strict punishment on
those who engage in sexual or racial harrassment? Why
are these groups well represented in every segment of the
armed forces. both enlisted and ofﬁcer?

it is impossible to compare the "economic effec- , f
tlveness” of ROTC and civilian vocational programs._ --

Obviously, if some individual is enrolled in ROTC. he or
she must be enrolled in college, and therefore would not
be among those individuals who- normally apply for
civilian vocational programs;

Since 1 fail to understand what the Editor means when

he says, “drain on our education dollars," 1 am unable to L V

comment. ‘
Despite the editorial. ROTC does not exist to train
students in the “ignorant narrowrnindedness of blind na-

tionalism." in. addition to military training, ROTC ‘

students spend their classroom time on such topics as
military correspondence. personal counseling skills,

organizational behavior, and yes, even a block of inrtruc-‘

tion on ethics and morals. To imply that men like
Eisenhower. Grant, and McArthur were engrossed in the
“ignorant narrowmindedness of blind' nationalism"
because they'were products of a military officer training

. program is ridiculous in itself.

The editor mentions that. we can do without being
trained in the art of war. One needs only look at history
to see how shortsighted this statement is. imagine if we

The author is executive ofﬁcer or SUNYA ROTC.

editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial ' editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial

.. ,edjtorial._ editorial editorial .edltorial
 editorial; editorial editorial . editorial

editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial

I editorial ,- editorial editorial editorial
- editorial editorial editorial editorial

editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial V editorial . editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial

WWII to help free Europe from the grip of the Nazis are
examples of our necessity to learn the “arts of war.” Tell
those who were at Pearl Harbor that we can do without
being trained in the “arts of war.” To argue that every
war we’ve fought is a just war. is ridiculous; so to is it to
argue for no military training whatsoever. V

The editor who wrote this editorial has never sat in on
an ROTC class or lab. nor has this individual made any
attempt to gain information from SUNY Army ROTC
concerning what is ts‘lght in class. Yet, he maintains that
he knows exactly what is and what is not taught. One can
only assume that his sources are poor, or that he bases his
conclusions on rumor and speculation.

As for the “Coalition against ROTC;" form it. i
seriously doubt any of the lies, injustices. or abuses that
the Editor insists exist will have any tangibility.

Finally. on the issue of the editorial. The Editor closes
by saying that “The students have made it clear on which
side they stand." The students have done no such thing.
Rich Schaffer and Suzy Auletta may have made it clear
how they stand. but the opinion of two does not create
the stand of l5,000. ‘

What logically follows is a discussion of the general
situation pertaining to ROTC on this campus, and a great
deal of insight needs to be lent to this topic as well.

Often. articles in the past have referred to “Army
Policy" or “ROTC Discrimination" concerning gay and
lesbian students. As previously stated. this "policy" is
not controlled by the Army, Air Force. Navy,_ortMarine
Corp. it is a federal statute controlled and instituted’by
congress. Despite this fact, the ASP and SA continually
threaten to remove ROTC from campus in retaliation for
the federal law. They insist on punishing cadets becéuse
of a law ROTC has no control over. if the ASP, GALA.
and SA are so concerned on making a stand for gay and
lesbian rights, why don't they pressure congress instead

editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial _ editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial

‘ editorial editorial editorial editorial

editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial ' editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial
editorial editorial editorial editorial

of constantly threatening a tiny ROTC detachment whose
membership accounts for less than i percent of the total
number of cadets in Region l (east- coast)?

Some argue that Army ROTC on this campus violates
the University's equal access policy. The policy states,
“the University should not permit the imposition of an
inappropriate criterion, such as one’s sexual or affec-
tionai preference, to bar an individuaifrom full access to
its educational programs. to its collateral services. or to
employment opportunities in the University." Any gay or
lesbian may take ROTC classes for four years and receive
academic credit. Some individuals belive that the commis-
sion an individual receives as an ofﬁcer in the U.S. Army
upon completion of ROTC classes is still within the
bounds of “educational programs." Based upon the
policy statement. what the Army does with an individual
after the completion of his or her academic career is of no
concern to the University, SA or anyone else here at the
University, i.e. the denial of gays and lesbians into the
military because of federal law has no connection with the
University’s “educational programs."

At the end of nearly every article the ASP has done on
the GALA-ROTC issue. they have written, “ROTC of-
ﬁcials in the gym were unavailable for comment.” This
is quite odd, since there is someone in that of ﬁce between
the hours of 9 - 4 on Monday through Friday. The phone
number is 438-20l0. The article in last week's ASP stated
that a letter had been drafted to inform ROTC that tllcy
would be banned from the Campus Center, yet ROTC
never received any notification, written or otherwise.

Finally. in almost every circumstance, ROTC has not
been asked to discuss or provide input on their role here
at the University, or their future. Articles concerning
their activities and classes are non-existant, while inac-
curacies are constantly in print. Central Council and
Schaffer are quick to push for “rights,” as long as the
rights are for those they deem ﬁt. for the time has come
for equal representation.

 

r‘t

 

   
  

"‘ ELLGETLUCWWNASA'WLL . 4 ' ‘
V mu m _ neingssBLmaRsmSEND

.W‘bm" 444%
dam“ . W
in _, if,


u.

 

 

  

 

 

 

r w.-. {raga-13" H". --* 'r * "“‘.‘.'.:I'.T..t :a-.:-.: are raun—

 

fromna  lufu 1==  lube"
. o Seenasoin  _
belzef, and further repreSented by Iii/11%;,

love, luv,
love;

lubet, it is pleasing, Gr. liptesrhai, be eager,

 lubh", deSireJ A I feeling .of warm
Personal attacMent or deep affection, as
for .2} friend, parent, or child; a strong or
Passmnate affection for a person of the
Opposue sex; sexual passion or desire, or its
gratiﬁcation; an obtect of love or affection,
sweetheart; a term denoting affection; a
love. affair; (cad) a personiﬁcation of sexual
aﬂ'ectlo
predile
love Of ed, as;
Music , . . nevolent
affection of God for his creatures, or the
reverent affection due God from them;
tennis, nothing, or no score—for love,
withOut compensation—for love or
men-ey, for any consideration; by any
means; as, not to be had for love or money.—
for the love of, for the sake 0f.+-in. love,
enamored of someone or something.—
make love to, to kiss or caress as lovers.—
no love lost, no love wasted, as between
persons who care little for each other.

love, luv, v.t.——looed, loving. [0.E. luﬁan.]
To have love or deep affection. for; to have
a strong or passionate affection for, as.for
one of the opposrte sex; to be in love With;

  
 
 
  

 

  

 

 

 

49 have a strong lilting foroor to take great

 

  
  

'l
l
l
l
l

 

