 

  

 

 

 

 

 
  
  

 

 

 

 

 ALBANY sTUDENTipaass :1. 1113504 Y, SEPTEMBER is. 1984

 

 

I’ A I? A M o u N I’  r: T u I?  "s

we“ ._..-_~._W_~_..-e_.

 

.. m.-

 

. ".7. .r,..-d._._..._-:...a.._._....mw.m......... .

 

/

The following is the ﬁrst in a conti-
nuing series of columns written by and
for graduate students. if you are in-
terested in writing, contact John
Crawford at the GSEU.

By John Crawford

A population is awakening at SUNYA.
They are shedding the covers of ascribed
sonambulism, drinking a lot of coffee.
banging their apartment doors open and
striding onto campus claiming their turf.
Graduate students —— 4,000 at SUNY
Albany — are organizing themselves and
demanding that they have a say in the deci-
sions that effect their daily lives at SUNYA
and in SUNY.

Their goals: a better standard of living;
acknowledgement of their contribution to
the SUNY system' representation on cam-
pus and a better collegial life. Their
methods: unity and reasonable audacity.

The GSEU is an employees union whose
members are Graduate Assistants,
Teaching Assistants and Research
Assistants (GA/TA/RA'S). They perform
a signiﬁcant amount of_ the educational
services at SUNYA. These “assistants”.
give lectures, teach courses, give grades
and counsel students; furthermore, they
add to the integrity and prestige of
SUNYA by giving conference papers,
writing articles and doing funded research.
They are chosen by their departments,
hired by the university and paid by the
state of New York.

GA/TA/RA's do what other campus
educators do. But unjustly, the state has

-..,-..,y.e......,as...~-.................~.-..e.t._,_..._. ,,,,, A , 4

 

yet to admit that they are employees. The
GSEU claims that if graduates do
employee work they are empolyees and
should be compensated as such.
GA/TA/RA’s are graduate student
employees.

Currenly. GA/TA/RA’s are paid way
below what their initial salary power was
in 1967 when the “assistantship” policy
began. Furthermore, in a complicated

wwwu... pm”... ..~

TUB-SPA” SEPTEMBBRJAJM Cl AW...\}..$ 1UP“,   

The awakening of the Graduate StudentUnioni

The GSBU is aware of its power at
SUNYA: 1000 graduate employees on
campus supported by 3,500 more around
the state. They know they have the
numbers. the solidarity. and they realize
how much they matter to the successful
operation of the SUNY system. They have
to be listened to. No less a ﬁgure than
Governor Cuomo realized this when he
supported the GSEU organizing drive:

Starting this year, graduate students want to
know about, and participate in, decisions
affecting their lives.

 

system of full lines, half and quarter lines
mai._ f these employees do not receive
full tuttion waivers. Consequently their
salary is given back to the state for tuition.
They’re sharecroppers dealing with the
company store. The GSEU would bargain
with the state to get competent salaries for
all its members - with full tuition waivers -
and no cuts in the current number of
GA/TA/RA lines. As a union, GSEU
members can bargain for better working
conditions. an adequate employee health
plan and the overdue right to participate in
decisions that affect their academic career.
They are only claiming what they are due
as professional educators and state
employees.

“Yes, I like the idea that
you've come together and
you’ve organized, and you‘re
trying to help yourselves, and
you have a right to make your
case, and l 'd be pleased to hear
it."

The second organization does not exist.
But last year it was suggested that a
Graduate Student Association be formed
at SUNYA to promote the interests of all
Albany graduate students. Successful
GSAs currently exist at the other three
University Centers: Stony Brook, Buffalo
and Binghamton. GSAs are democratic
organizations representing all graduate
students on a campus. They advocate

  

 

  
 
 

'3 2'

graduate student rights. opinions _

resolutions. They represent their 4,3
tueney. before the campus adminian
and they control and administer their own‘
mandatory student fees while providing
academic and social services to their uni":
que population. 3‘.

For months now, President O’Leary has
withheld actibn on a report dealing with
proposed mandatory student fee changes -
including graduate student mandatory
fees. This report suggests that a GSA con-
trol any graduate fees that are proposed. it
is the only reasonable alternative to assess~
ing graduate fees, and allowing no
graduate control. Starting a GSA can pre-
vent blind siding graduate students with
unfavorable and unjust decisions made for
the beneﬁt of others.

President O'Leary should act on the
report. Let graduate students decide these
questions about fees and representation by
their own vote. Democracy delayed is
democracy denied. if a GSA existed at
Albany. graduate students would already
have a voice advocating their democratic
rights. Currently, 4000 graduates are
unrepresented and unheard.

Both organizations. the GSEU and'a
potential GSA articulate a new awakening
among graduate students. They will no
longer be the only unorganized on campus.
Starting this year, they want to know
about, and participate in. decisions affec-
ting their lives. No longer will they be last
in line to receive leftovers. They want a
better life on and off campus and they are
going to get it through unity. reason and
audacity. Cl

 

 

Read the ASP Read the ASP Read the ASP

 

 

0- Do you wont to have a say in who

comes to speak at SUNYH?
0- Do you wont to meet famous people
and experts in all professional

fields of

life?

0- Do you enjoy making new friends
and having a great time?

- If you answered yes to any of these
questions then

SPEaKERs FORUM Is FOR YOU!-
oENERnL INTEREST MEETING

THURSDHY. SEPT 20th CC 364 1:3

an. aRE WEtcoME To HTTEND

SA FUNDED

 

 

 

 

