 

   
  
   
  
  
 
 
     
          
       
   

    

      
 

 

 

TUESDAY. MAY 1, 1934 o ALBANY STUDENT PRESS   31'

.. ,«N .. , ....

 

.t,:‘/

Contents \ [NTERVIEW: WattFrazier ._ — 

. ' ' Former NBA star

3 INTERVIEW: WALT FRAZIER

nu. ,.X.K,,i(-k [plates his experiences as'a [)It)li'\\li)ti.|l

 

 
 
  

Fr 'm‘meEditor 'I ,

 

Walt Frarier has lasted viiiory in every

Ii it IS true that a picture is worth a thousand words then I may have to break out
sense of the word. As a tollege star with

the Webster's to describe the work Ed Marussich has done for the Sports Magazine.

    
  

“I see pro basketball

 

 : Mb? has beg" [responsible if” milking the Magazine look the way it has. As chief I"".I”’"l"|"""l"’b‘” " "”””'””'°"'ina‘i‘mdm i"“"""""‘V"l' 5"“"70'" "MW" U'uwmly' "0 I”! hi" "W"
.i i p @0539 9’ '0'.UPS (that s Universny Photo Service), Ed coordinates and takes .1 KM” M'WIW' to the Nll’ ('lmmpionship. As a prol'essional,
 J '“Tloglly Ogilhe EtctuLes for the ASP. For the Sports department he has been in_ with the New York Knicks and the Cleveland
' : 5 ya ua e. e an Bo Luckey are the sports photo lr1 )hers ind l cinnot tl “WHO” “MM "mm, "7'" I I '
I V : ‘ I 1‘nk .. ,i s .. I t y "Hill’s ll'l
; l  i them enough for their work. 8 t I l ‘ ‘ 4 COVER STORY. SIX AlBANY GREAT (’lUdlIJH All-I’m and All-IJi-tensive team selec-    I.
i ,3 t : f l Icl‘el that sometimes. thepl'iotographers do not get enouin recognition or credit DANES FIND SUCCESS IN SWEDEN mm; and Mimi/mm”, MW valuable may”
(.3 . or he Work the d W . ‘ g H - . . _ . g _ ' ~_ in {10 NBA A -Star Game. WhiltI with the
, , y . y o. raters bet ,1 bylme that gm“, before [he mick. hm 1 hioiklio/m has been the plate tlnt six former ( n.” I)
.._.g . ‘ . l , . r ‘» -II .II'  ..‘
.’ (l ' Photographer)th gets a credit under each photo or sometimes 'usi 1 line in t t‘ lhlvt' Inuml lame and fortune in the Swedish )ro I i.- - I" KMk". ma.” “"5 " "" “’1’” ”’ "V" "0”" you have so many great
I : ‘ credit box Th-t J .- . t A . ’ I ‘ ‘1 pm 0 . - . . ' I M" ‘Uli'll championship teams.
.:l , ' - a ('ocs "pt .satisty me. Ed Marussich has done more for the Sports -l‘"'“""“ M‘m’ 5"""“” I'm,“ ‘1’ M" "7 “"“lht‘t “HI/tin Fnzicr nuke h-i’ure I Cumus (‘- i-
 l ': .' Magazrne then a line oi credit on page 2 says. "Witt/tilt lltt'ir Wm. ‘ ‘ l I . l i I I: ' 5‘” u
k a ‘5 He has aided in Me“ md h ll I i I | I r ‘ Ballroom audient e on /\])I’Il ll. Surprisineg    
l i  I pact th ‘t it; no“.st En :p() t t! PU Lin Ion ayoiut and has provtded the Visual on w his topic was not as much his laure/s' as his set-
 . . .. .‘ r s 0 ma 0 t to M,“ 5 t at t and my .4 "Tm-m. Come to ' hacks Prior to his present ilion Frizier wrs
% ‘ _ _ . . . i . . . .
l - 6 THE 9 BEST BASEBALL PLAYERS 5 interviewed by Keith Mart/er.

", H ‘. . . .. - '
lI‘lL: He has spent countless hours working With me on trying to improve the pro-
. Z. . r Lict you see betore you. And to Ed, l .s'ay thank you.

. l Since tblis Isthe last time I will be writing this column, I would also like to thank

I I ‘~ '
ml) mop e \vithout who this magazme never would have been [)ltttlllt't‘tl. I‘o Hol-
ly l rush and Mark Levine. thank you.
n| lolly has been the Jll’lltllltllttll manager and ireathe assistant all year long.
‘ ‘ Ill-ll .s ilt‘ltlﬂllt‘t term tor the person who does the dirty work. Mark has been my
I , . »
> Tn, 1t ant. i'lt hand man l)('( .ItIst‘ he knows how to edit and piiiotread. somethingl
t annot (to very well. Mark Is also responsible for headlines and ( aiming me down

\\ hen things get her tii'. '
. lo the readers, l hope you have enjoyed the maga/itie as Illttt h .is | eiuoyeil lne
urging H to Hill. ‘\nrl to those who worked on it thanks

Into the pro game.

(‘olunini'st Mark teyine i loses out his ASP writing ( art-er it ill)
llts (lli)!('t'\ tor the best team that .i Ina/or league manaiuvr
(lltllll tie/d. ”

 

ASP: Right now you own your own com-
pany. Can you tell us about it?

Frazier: Walt Frazier Enterprises. I am an
agent for athletes; football players. basket-
ball, baseball. | negotiate their contracts, try
to get endorsements and commercials as
well as doing their financial advising.

ASP: In that capacity how do you feel about
the NBA hardship rules?

Frazier: If it‘s between school and $1
million, I’d take the $1 million because that‘s
why you are going to school — to better
yourself. Most college graduates coming out
of school, it would take them IS years to
make $1 million; so I would advise a player,
if he has that kind of money and it’s definite
to take it and then if he gets the proper
management he should never have to worry
about education anyway, if he invests that
money properly.

ASP: Do you feel like a role model to

 

7 IT WAS A GREAT SPORTS YEAR And that’s What usually

i\lll\t' tt/usi o goes it) \i-aril) ot'an answer In the eternal out -
lion, nhai is a lion? lot llli' answer turn to page It.

catches the interest

of the fans.”

 

~ «Photos:-

Cover photo ind p Ige 2 photo of W ‘

. . alt F . . - '
Marussich, UI’S. nu” m N
All centerfold photos except of John Quattrochi, UPS.

,Centlerfold photo of Quattruchi reprinted by permission of
“R l.

     

-Watt Frazier

   
       
     

 

   
      
    

 

 

 

   

agc li|ll J) t)l0§ )y COUl'lC 0‘ C
P I ii? I] l AP S)’ the Cille ll DI‘IllHl

   
 

 

ASP: How do you think playing in New York ASP: Do you stay in touch with your former Do you agreet

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

younger athletes?
Frazier: Yeah, because of my accomplish-
ment on the court and off the guys look up to

helped your career?
Frazier: Well there's no other place like New

teammates?
Frazier: I used to stay in touch with Dave

Frazier: Yes. for two or three reasons: I think
one is that some people say that there are too

,, s,  me, which is a big advantage of being in the York as far as enhancing your career becausa DeBusschere a lot. He used to have part of a many black players and the white fans are
l 'V f business. the press and everything comes out of New restaurant. Willis and I havon't talked in a not into it, because there are not enough
l. 7 ASP: Black educators say that nowadays York and you get much more exposure play- couple of years, (Senator Bill) Bradley and I white players. A lot of people feel that they
‘ l there is too much emphasis put on sports. ing with New York than any other team. haven't either. don’t play defense and the guys Just come
i“ . . 5 What would you tell students in Harlem if ASP: Who do you think the toughest player ASP: When your team played together you out and they really don't try hard until the
i "i f you went there to speak? for you to guard was? certainly got along Well on the court. Did playoffs start: you know, they don’t hustle.
t i i Frazier: In basketball I don't know how Frazier: At that time they were all tough. Ex- you get along off the court well then? The other big problem is that they have the
l ‘ many colleges there are playing basketball cept that Oscar Robertson, Jerry West, Phil Frazier: Yes, but I was basically a loner. But college game. The college game has killed
but only 24 guys are going to make it to the Chenier, Archie Clark; these guys were some when Phil (Jackson) and the guys all got them, everybody has been watching the col-
t' ‘ pros. You‘can see the odds are like IOO-I for of the top players in the game. They made it together I would pretty much like to hang loge game now. When I was playing ever-
} ' each kid. Kids have a tendency to want to do tough. loose. A lot of those guys were married so body was into watching pro ball. 50 it fluc-
‘ ‘ l what's easy or what‘s glamorous. I agree ASP: Do you get out to the Garden to see the they didn‘t go out that much when we were tuates, like every ﬁve years it seems like they
l l with the educators that there should be more team play? back here so we didn't have that much in go from one to the other. lsee pro basketball
V: ' ~ emphasis on academics, because most of Frazier: No, because most of my recruiting is common other than playing basketball. coming on because you have Patrick Ewing,
t." i l these guys will not make pro ball and then for college players, so I don’t go there — | ASP: If someone would have told you l5 you have (Akeem) Olajuwon, (Sam) Bowie,
l what do they do? watch the games on cable. years ago that Bill Bradley would have been you have so many great players that are com-
23 { ASP: Do you think that when the Knicks ASP: What do you thinkthe Knicks' chances the senator of New Jersey what would you ing into the pro game. And that’s What
i' ‘ traded for Dave DeBusschere, it was the key are this year? have said? usually catches the interest of the fans. Like
sh in the quest of a championship? Frazier: I think they are a dark-horse in the Frazier: Well, they had projected that, they Russell and Chamberlain, those type at mat-
y‘r Frazier: Yeah, that trade made the team. playoffs — They can beat any team that's in were always talking about him possibly runn- chups, so I think the pro game is getting
l l One part of the trade that was overlooked there. They’ve given Philly .1 hard time and ing for president. He's right on schedule and stronger and stronger. »
iv was that it made me a starter. Prior to that Boston. One thing they are probably up from peoplethat i talk to, they say he's doing ASP: How about the new playoff format with
' " time t was just a part-time guy playing behind against is the home court advantage and that a great job. . so many teams making the playoffs?
' -‘ * Howard Komives, so once they traded meansso much; ifyou winthe first game you ASP: Who was the Knicks' greatest rivalry Frazier: That's another thing that people
.‘  Komives, I became a starter and my stats im- get the last game at home, but I feel confi— when you played? don't like because you don’t really earn It.
5 2 proved. I rememberthe night that they made dent that they can do it. Frazier: The Boston Celtics, the (Los You can be to games under .500 and still get
- i the trade I was really mad because I enjoyed ASP: How do you think your championship Angeles) Lakers, the (Baltimore/Washington) into the playoffs. But, today the game is
.  just playing 20 minutes a game and I said, teams would match up with one of today’s Bullets. But it was really close between the money so as many games as you can play
'1 5 ‘Oh man I’ve got to start now,’ so my time powerhouses like the 76ers? Bullets and the Cells. and people come out it‘s more money for
  went up to like 40 minutes, 45 minutes. Frazier: We would match up but we ASP: You have probably played under many the teams.
3‘ i . ASP: That also moved Willis Reed into the couldn't run with them. They have much coaches. How would you rate Red ASP: Do you have any resentment towards
'. I  ; midee, more speed than we had, so we'd have to Holtzman? the Knicks for trading you?
' l  Frazler: Right, because at that time they pretty much come down and play half-court. Frazier: Red was a great coach, because he Frazier: No. at thetlme I was disappointed.
1  ' were trying to play Willis and (Walt) Bellamy ASP: Do any of today‘s players remind you instilled confidence in his players. Prior to but as it turned out it wasa good thing for me
' l - ‘  at the same time and it didn't work out. of yourself? the time he took over the Knicks we were because it got my head in the right direction
! i ASP; Phil. Jackson called your seventh game Frazier: No, nobody’s that great. When I very disorganized. Red came in with the idea as far as'what I wanted to do when I retired.
' in the I970 championship series the best played there were just guards, like Oscarand of playing defense. stressmg defense and But, I still wonder sometimes If I had stayed
l ' ‘ game he has ever seen a player have. Do you myself, so we had to dribble, we had to pass, that’s how I got my opportunity to play; in New York what I’d be doing —- probably
' l I recall that gamel we had to shoot, we had to rebound. So now .because I was a good defensive player. He coaching. I probably would have been an
i 7; Fuller: yeah, I can never forget that game. a big guard, he doesn't dribble. A point was strict in his discipline; there were no assistant coach for the Knicksor maybe even
i  v. i‘ 36 points, 19 assists, 7 rebounds and 8 steals. guard doesn't shoot. 50 it’s more like a primadonnas — everybody obeyed the same got a shot at the head coaching job.
i l ASP: What was the effect of when Willis specialist today. A lot of the guys who are rules. He wanted respect from the players ASP: One question about your Bally's com-
'  Reed walked onto the court in that game? playing today, I don't thlnk they could have and that's what turned things around for us. mercial. What is Bruno Sammartino really
i. . "all"; That really pumped us up because played when I played because the game is ASP: when the Knicks first made the trade like? ' I
we were under the impresslon that he would different. If you were a guard you had to do for Earl Monroe there was a question of how Frazier: Like a pussy/um He 5 the most

  
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
   

 

 
 

not play and we really didn't know it and
when he came out it kind of gave us a shot in
the arm. .

ASP: How much did he mean to the team?
Frazier: Something like that I think it was
overplayed because you can't have momen-
tum for 45 minutes. After Willis came out he
made the ﬁrst and second baskets and then
the other guys Just picked up the stack. The
crowd helped us but you still have to go out
and play. The other players rose to the occa-
sion and made it work.

everything a guard had to do. But, if you
watch Magic Johnson, he's a great dribbler
but he can’t really shoot. A lot of the guys are
that way they can’t really shoot. Even Dr. J,
he's not going to hurt outslde shooting the
ball—- Buck Williams, none of these guys is
going to hurt you outside shooting the ball.
But the way the game ls structured with the
running game these guys are very effective
because they're quick guys and they get up
and down the court and they pound the
boards.

the two of you would get along on the court.
What were your Initial reactions to the trade?
Frazier: Well, I don’t know because they
said they were going to trade me so I was
naturally unhappy. I really didn’t know what
to expect except that Earl and I, because of
the battles we'd had, we gained a mutual
respect for each other. Once he came to the
team we didn’t let our egos get Into it. If he
was hot I gave him the ball and Ill was but he
gave me the ball —- that’s how It worked.

ASP: People say the NBA is going downhill.

honest person that you'll ever meet, the
nicest guy. I mean you meet him and you
think how can a guy be this nice and... as
long as you don't get him in the ring.

ASP: Who first gave you the nickname
Clyde?

Frazier: I think It was (Knick trainer) Danny
Whelan. When the movie Bonnle and Clyde
came out, I had this wide brimmed hat and I
came Into the lockerroom and everybody
said something. I think Danny was first one
to say 'Hey look at Clyde‘ and it stuck.

  

