 

 

 

4“  . ALBANY sruosivr PRESS o TUESDAY, MA‘Y 1,1994

 

 

 

Gre’  *t Danes find success in ‘  wed

 

rum»
t LAND!

 

J“:

I. _ ..,_ “awn” u... a... .g 7.. “awn—m...“ a“... ._..-.‘.a‘.;....i...._; ,1, . ,  

 

r

TUESDAY, MAY l, I984 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS .

 

Rob Clune- the 1981 graduate played
four years at Albany and was an in-
tegral part of the 1980-81 SUNYAC
championship team that lost to even-
tual National Champion Potsdam State
in the East Regional final. The 6’2"
guard was named to the All-State team
as a senior and is currently employed
by the Guy Carpenter Reinsurance
company in New York City.

Barry Cavanaugh- just completed
his first year as the assistant to Albany
Head Coach Dick Sauers. After leading
the Albany junior varsity to a 13-6
mark in 1982-83, Cavanaugh moved to
the assistant position left vacant by Bill
Austin. The 1979 graduate is third on
the Great Dane scoring roster with
1414 points in four years. The 6’7“
Capital District native also holds the
career scoring mark at Rensselear High
School.

Pete Koola- the 1975 graduate was
the first Great Dane to play in Sweden.
The 6’5" postman played a year and a
half for Albany after transferring from
Ulster Community College, where
Mike Perry was his head coach. A good
shooter and a smart rebounder, Koola
played two years in Sweden.

john Quattrochi- just completed
his first year as head coach at RPI
finishing one game under .500. Quat-
trocki took over the helm after being
an assistant to Bill Kalbaugh for several
years. A former Great Dane player and
graduate assistant, he led his team to a
victory over Albany in his first game
against his mentor, earlier this year.
Quattrochi finished third one season
among the nation’s college division
free-throw shooters.

 

 

        
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

J
m
r

&II a . ‘1-
‘a'q..’s.gr“lﬁ“
. ‘ . in,“ ,
\‘gwuﬁi Sour"

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
   

By MARC SCHWARZ
rtlagazine Editor

For nearly all Division ill basketball
players, the end of college means the
end of their competitive careers.
HoWever, a few Albany State Great
Danes have taken their talents overseas
and have played and coached profes-
sionally in several foreign countries.

For six Danes. the road from college
to pro ball has been 3986 air miles long.
the distance from Albany to Stockholm.
Sweden.

While a few players have gone on to
perform in the Dominican Republic and
Puerto Rico, over the past several years,
a relationship has been established bet-
ween Albany and their Swedish
c0unterparts that could be termed "The
Stockholm Pipeline."

The "pipeline" was sent into motion
by Albany State Head Coach Dick
Sauers with help from newly named
Marist Head Coach Mike Perry. “The
original contacts were made in Sweden
by Mike Perry, who was then with
Siena," Sauers explained. From that, a
few phone calls got Pete Koola, a 6'5”
postman, onto a team in 'Sweden. He
was the first of the Great Danes to take
his talents abroad.

The next dealing with Sweden was a
package deal in 1979, that saw two
former Albany stars make the trip to
Stockholm, one as a coach and one as a
player. Former career and season assist
record-holder Gary Trevett took on the
head coaching job of the Central team
of Stockholm with Barry Cavanaugh as
his man in the middle. Cavanaugh had
just completed a standout four-year
career with the Danes.

The next year Sauers recommended a
former player and graduate assistant.
john Quattrochi, for a head coaching

Barry Cavanaugh : '

9.}... ..

a bum. ‘7‘""

m“ “at: kiwi...“

é . . "Wis-mum
. ﬁt;

 

 

l0hn Dieckelman ‘

job in the Elite League of Sweden. Quat-
trochi coached there for a year before
returning to the Capital District area as
an assitant to Bill Kalbaugh at R.P.l.
Quattrochi took over the helm for the
Engineers this year, guiding them to one
of the best records in recent history.

in the summer of 1980, Sauers took
his team on 2110 game two week tour of
Sweden. With Trevett, Cavanaugh and
the Central team as their hosts, the
Danes recorded an impressive 8-2 mark
and also established connections and
friendships that were to help them just a
year later.

That 1980-81 team went on to capture
the SUNYAC Championship and fall just
short in a bid for an NCAA Regional ti-
tle.One of the stars of that squad was a
6’2" Oneonta native, guard Rob Clune.
“As a result of the Sweden trip, Clune
made a lot of friends. They took him on
my recommendation," Sauers said.
Clune went onto average 30 points a
game and the team which was 1—6 when
he joined them just missed qualifying
for the playoffs.

Just last year, three-time All-SUNYAC
PlaYET John Dieckelman became the
latest of the Great Danes to travel along
the “pipeline”. Dieckelman, who just
returned from his first season in
Sweden, also coached a women's team
as well as averaging 25 points per game.

For those who have made the trip to
Sweden, they not only have had to
made an adjustment to a different style
of basketball but to a different Culture.

“It was definitely a culture shock,”
Quattrochi commented. "But once you
got adjusted to the monetary system
and learned your way around
Stockholm it wasn‘t that bad."

However. Quattrochi agreed with the
others that the adjustment to life in
Sweden was not that difficult mainly

 

 
    
  

 

     
     
    
    
   
   
   
 

john Dieckelman- the former
District ll All-American was a Dane
standout for three years after transferr-
ing from Division I Colgate. The 6’5”
center is fifth on the Great Dane scor-
ing slate and was named to the All-
SUNYAC team three times. “ID.” was
also named the MVP of the 1981
SUNYAC Tournament and SUNYAC-
East Player of the Year.

Gary Trevett- a standout guard for
the Danes from 1973-77, Trevett held
the career and season mark for assists
before his records were broken this
year by Dan Croutier. The 6'2" Scotia
native coached for several years in
Sweden and took his team on a tour of
New York State and New England in
1981. He is presently coaching a team
in Tenirife.

 

 

 

 

because they were in Stockholm. "You
walk down the streets of Stockholm and
you could be in Albany or any small

' American metropolis,” Cavanaugh ex-

plained.

"I liked Sweden a lot. I had no pro-
blem living there," Dieckelman said.

"One of the big differences is the
weather. it's farther north and during
the winter it is light for only five to six
hours a day. And right now it is light all
around the clock," he continued. "The
darkness gets to you. It's depressing.”
But, as he added, there were things to
do to occupy the time.

"i got into reading books. A lot of
Americans do that,” Cavanaugh said. "I
didn’t really get out to a lot of local bars.
There were always lines to get in and it
is very expensive.” The 6’7” Rensselear
native told how a draught could cost as
much as $5 a glass. "You wouldn't go
around saying, 'I’ll buy the next round’,
because it could cost you $50.”

Since a season in Sweden is only 22
games long plus the playoffs and prac-
tices are one and a half hours a day, the
Americans playing there had plenty of
time on their hands. Some coached,
Cavanaugh worked with Swedish
teenagers through his YMCA team and
Dieckelman led a women’s team to a
16-4 record and second place. To corn—
bat against his spare time, Clune took a
job.

“i worked in a sports shop while I was
over there. I had a busy day; I would get

off work at five and then go to practice
or a game. I also coached a boy’s
team,” he said. “In my spare time I
wrote a lot of letters and tried to keep
up with what was going on in sports
back in the States."

On the court, those who played there
took charge, leading their teams in scor-
ing. Every Swedish team is allowed to
have one American play for them, and
that player is usually the star. Of the
Swedish players, the former Great
Danes found them to be lacking in fun-
damentals and in the creativity that
marks American basketball. "i found
the players to be very mechanical, not
very creative," Quattrochi stated.
“They were not very good defensive
players, nor did they pass very well.”

Clune had a particularly easy time
with his competition. “Most of the
Americans who go over there are big, so
i was pretty much alone in the
backcourt,” he explained. "I didn't
have much trouble. I was quicker than
they were. i did pretty much what i
wanted.”

Cavanaugh and Dieckelman found
being tall and American put them in an
envious position. Both led their teams in
scoring and signing autographs. "If you
are American and play basketball, you
are a celebrity,” Cavanaugh said. “You
could sign autographs all day."

But as both put related, the celebrity
status didn't or couldn’t go to their head
because inevitably some kid would ask,

"Are you as good as Doctor I?"

“That kind of brings you back down
to earth. I’d just laugh‘when they would
ask me that,” Cavanaugh remembered
with a chuckle.

According to Dieckelman, the
Swedes have no concept of what an
American basketball star is. "They see
the Americans over there and think they
are the same as Doctor) or jabba‘r. They
don‘t have any idea about the dif-
ference," he added.

Cavanaugh explained how his team—
mates viewed American players from an
incident that occured in his first prac-
tice. "The first time I got the ball, I turn-
ed, looked to the hoop and hit a team-
mate in the back of the head,” he said.
They expected him to shoot, because
that what all Americans did when they
came to Sweden.

When American players first came to
Sweden they went there to score and
dominate games; now, Cavanaugh ex~
plained, the Swedes are looking for
Americans who will help the Swedish
ballplayers."| wasn’t there to work on
my stats, I was there to help Swedish
basketball. I didn't look to score if i
didn't have too,” he said.

While Quattrochi coached in the Elite
Division of the Swedish basketball
league, Clune, Cavanaugh and
Dieckelman all played in the next
highest level, Division I. All of them
agreed that the Elite League was on the

I same level as mid-size to small Division

I schools here. "They are a little bit bet-
ter than Siena, like Niagara or Canisus,"
Sauers said.

The Division l learns in Sweden are
comparable to Division lil schools here.
The teams all have good size but lack
backcourt and defensive strength. They
were some very good shooters, accor-
ding to Cavanaugh, but he added that a
major reason for their Weakness in other
areas of their game is lack of practice
time.

"We were slated for our hour and a
half practice time and then practice
ended. You could be shooting a free
throw and the baskets would go up to
make way for team handball," he said.
"So it is understandable that these gtrys
worked on their shots when they had
the gym and not on the other areas of
the game. You are not going to work on
defense too much when you only have
a limited amount of time.

"It (basketball) is on the same level as
soccer here. It's new and upcoming.
You don’t have too much availability of
basketball courts. in all my traveling
around the country, i only reme
seeing two outdoor courts and thi-
in them were either bent or broken.

One thing all the Great Danes who
have gone to Sweden have agreed on is
that it was one experience they were
glad they had the opportunity to enjoy.

"It was the chance of a lifetime and
l’m glad I didn't pass it up," Cavanaugh
concluded. .' L]

     
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
    
    
      
     
      
     
   
   
     
     
     
   
   
   
    
    
   
   
     
    
   
 
   
   
     
   
   
    
     
   
 
   
   
 
    

