 
    
 

 

 

3‘41,— .,,— -

j ' 1.;  .r-‘ltroavyooroosa l2. 1984 -
 
  «ND atomi-
T * g The blBook‘stor—e Will
I Have Extended Hours

  

 

 

  
   
 

Flirtin ° with the bestr

 
     

 

Bowling champ bids farewell to camp‘us'v’lanes ',

By Lisa erabella
STAFF WINE!

in the 33 years he's been managing
bowling alleys, SUNYA students have
graduated from wearing bobby socks and
DA haircuts to jeans and t-
shirts, but, says Nelson
Swart, bowling has always
been popular. 

Swart managed the
University lanes on the uptown campus for
the past l7 years until his retirement two
weeks ago.

Swan originally owned the bowling
lanes in the Rice Building'on the corner of
Western and Quail. when students with
bobby socks and DA haircuts started tak-
ing University bowling classes there. They
comprised 40 percent of his business.

 

 

l957 to learn how the machines he was
leasing form AMF worked. Tall and lean,
with a quiet manner. he modestly admitted
that he is “a little mechanically inclined".

When the University moved to the up-
town campus, which came complete with a
l2 lane bowling alley, Swart was hired as
the first manager. He attributed that partly
to good recommendations he recieved
from some of the physical education
teachers whose students played at Rice
Lanes.

Swan has been bowling since I935, and
was at one time involved in five leagues in
the Capitol District simultaneously. His
asverage peaked at 2l2. and he has one at
least 50 trophies. “They just collect dust."
he says in his simple but direct manner-_

 

FRIDA v, omoasa l:l 

After the war, Swart was working as a
paint and wallpaper salesman, and enjoy-
ing bowling as a hobby, when “the lease at
the Rice Lanes came up, and l was just
able to grab it.” he said. He kept the Rice
Lanes for 17 years. including when he
worked at the University during the day
and downtown at night. “it was a rough
year." he said. so he closed the Rice
Lanes.

A regular viewer of "Bowling for
Dollars” and “T.V. Tournament 'l‘ime".
he appeared on “Capitol Bowling" six
times and won sssoo over a five year
period before the show was taken off the
air. His technique) - “Mainly hitting the
pocket with a good rolling ball." That
technique has helped him bowl six games
of 279. out of a possible score of 300 pins.

 
  
 

r A-

country. Albany's chapter includes 28’
University Alumni. out .of 32 bowlers.’
Swart said. ' ' . 7

Swart is registered as an independent
voter and said he has stayed satay from '
Albany politics because. “i didn't want to l '
be dependent oh anyone for my livelihood.
which was the case here in Albany for
about 40 years."
‘ There is a possibility thatuhe may stay on
at the Campus Center lanes. part-time.“
Swart mentioned. However. he said he
feels secure leaving the management of the
alley to Mark Fisher, who has assisted him
since I97]. “He's young yet." Swart said
"but he can do the job."

Fisher is presently leading the Keeler
League with a score of 208. His assistant,

 

   
      
  
  
    
     
  

   

 

 

 

 

if ‘ l ' Lately he has been bowling a 157; . . Steve Perrin. is also in the league. Both are
 He said his feeling for the customers has “once you set a lime arthritis in the hands Swan lives With his  ye” Old SUNYA graduates.

I w not changed. “You have to learn to ac- it gets difﬁcult," he explained. daughter. but. he Wdr She IS "Willy in' “You have to know the machines and

h comma“ them» Whether they," “Udems He didn‘t start out with the intention of volved in outdoor 59”“ and “doesn't know how '0 kccp them runninlt" SW3“

 or people outside the University. You have getting into the bowling business. world have a real inter“! in bOWIinB." stressed. “because the thing that ag-

# to be consents! and make sure they have a War -ll took him from Albany, where he Another diversion, Swart mentioned, is sravates bowlers the most is havins to stop ‘ l
t... I wed": sdoy 3 "ICE. Clean area to 503V] "1-" _ . graduated from Albany High School in an occassional poker game “with the boys 'he Same (for repairs)"

1‘.  low". ",9," However, Silva" and. 9 more difficult 1935, to a ﬁeld artillery unit in the us. from the Keeler (bowling) League.” The And nobody knows that better than i .
 ; m“ DRINKS FOR mm“ 94] 0f 11:“ JOE-[15 "3:1"!!!th the machlnfs Army, and he spent time stationed in league, started in 1907. is the oldest in the swam '3 t
 " Thu'sdoys in t e a cys. e 3 he went to school in Tnmdad and Europe, 
r  I" 2—for-i I, .
A:  r natural food

1 u all YOU can DRINK s

I. wcoll lo.

3.- 9.m.d..9n “You have to know

& produce "

the capital district’s largest
and most complete natural food store

Si drinks after midnight

snzAr

SEIGQIWJEIW @GG. 33860
i] 113690961380 a 53®©Wi

Seriously (on. Main    1
3 ﬂ  a   It.......,..l.._....;....@

INTERQUAD COUNCIL PRESENTS:-
INTERQUAD NIGHT AT:

the machines and
' know how to keep
them running. ”

—Nclson Swan

 

 

, .._<.s_ A

 

 

10% discount with valid student l'.D.
L 28 central avenue 462- 1020

Nes“ ' dates ~
p  ..   GOING HOMEzg l

  Chair Irwin Weinstein, the results on 

 DON’T WALK  ‘
ALONE  ‘

Don't Walk Hone —— designed by a group of
concerned students, faculty and administrators at SUNY ﬁlbony
to meet the following goals:
- To provide a volunteer service to escort women between
designated locations to ensure safety on campus. '
- To provide a service which will act as a deterrent
to sexual assault and sexual harassment on our campus.
- To assist in creating a community sensitive to
the safety needs of wanton.
- To help women learn to provide for their safety.
- To osSist in creating a safer campus-University om.

THE oon'r walla
HLONE ESCORT
SERVICE

If you want an escort.
check with one of our volunteers,
located in the Library and Quad Tower Lobbies:
8pm to Midnight

   

 

albany, ny

 

 

 
  
   

 
 

 

 

 

    
 

The podium renovations which
started in July and were expected to be    
completed before the beginning of the
fall semester should be completed over The Albany Rape Crisis Center will
the next month according to Director of sponsor the annual “Take Back the
Physical Plant Dennis Stevens. Night” rally and march on Saturday

The work on the planters is 90 per- October 13.
cent complete and should be totally SUNYA women will be gathering at
ﬁnished by the end of next week said the Administration Circle between 6
Stevens. and 6:30 p.m. to attend the march

The balance of the work involves the together. The march will begin at 7
replacement of some of the drains on pm. from the steps of the Capitol
the podium and that should be com- Building.
pleted within the month, Stevens said.

Little Horn buses

The Little Horn, which has in the
past provided transportation to and
from the uptown campus, will now pro-
vide bus service to Alumni Quad as
well. ‘.\ -

According to Andy Wigler of Alumni
Quad board, .the manager at the Little
Horn was “more than happy to ac-
comodate us."

     
  
 
 
 

   

 

      
     
 

      
     
   
      

Thursday, Oct. 18
Buses Leaving The Circle and
Brubacher T '
g at 1:45pm” ”
. Buses leaving Rafters
' at 1:30am

Ticket Sales on dinner lines

' $5.00 with taxsticker
$8.50 without

   

VOMElllLlll_TE
? TAKEBACK

    
 

THE NIGHT

   

 

 

      
 

Alumni Quad residents can be drop-
ped off in front of Waterbury and
Alden Halls by request on the ride  rejected
back. but will still have to come to the

Administration Circle uptown for the
ride to the bar.

      
 

This year's proposal for SUNYA's
ski team was rejected by Central Coun-
cil at Wednesday’s meeting.

The originally proposed budget was
  In for $86 but during the debate the ski

team submitted a revised figure of 3990.

Alumni Quad Bom'd's "In-Off 0166- This was to be part of a total figure of
tion results are in. after last week's elec- 33.790 in expenses for practices and
tion resulted in none of the candidates participation in meets,

 

   

 

 

 
 

 

       
    
  

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

  
 

 

receiving a majority or the vote- Sunday through Thursday
r id Th i d t dt‘ ted _
ID REQUIRED NO REFUNDS ..:‘.‘:.':o‘l.:"ezl..:l:1.sitting: . . 5.31.“; had??? Or call for Information:
. . _ _ ' t t t
‘ Sponsored by Alumni. Colonial, Dutch. Indian. and State Quad Boards 3 ml‘nliriavviriil'hia‘li'frgprogramming grainzzwcmﬁitx e a“ 6 SA Funded “57'821 7
A Funded

 

 

  

 

