 
   

'hN—l Maris v -

.......__. ..  s

e... =5 .7... «5,, .4,

WM

“lam—am

j:__‘.~...-._..ga__..;-,.é;~g.'w‘. c; 

 

.Y

 

 

,:Bv:T.om Knudsen
" L’ast.Saturday the. Albany State men's
' cross country team upped‘its overall record
(to, 2-3 and .becamef'unde‘fea'ted against
'Division ill competition when the Danes
.g'beatérivalfWilliarns College, 26436, and
 trounced the University of Vermont. 21-39
r. on the Danes' home course. '
3 . Williams'ﬁrstman. John Ellison. won
the race closely followed by Albany senior
.‘QEd ,McGill. who'ﬁnished the 5.05‘ mile
course in 26:09, » four seconds behind
Ellison. Junior Ian Clements gave the
Danes a‘ big boost by ﬁnishing third in
‘»26:27, twelve seconds off his best time.
The McGill-Clements one-two combina-
tion ﬁrtished right in front of Vermont's
' first two runners. who were in turn follow-
ed by Williams’ second and third men.
That put Williams ahead until the Danes
swept the next four, places. That winning
pack 'of Albany runners was led by
jsophmore Tim Hoft, who crossed the line
,in an outstanding personal best time of
26:58. Captain Chris Callaci ﬁnished
fourth for the Danes and ninth overall,
, just in front of junior Chuck Bronner, and
senior captain Jim Erwin. That gave

.~Men"jha-rriers   head

Albany six runners in before Williams: the ‘
fourth and ﬁfth men and locked up the
win. ~ -

The Albany squad's tremendous depth _
showed as the Danertook ten of the top
twenty places with, freshman Paul Dietz
(JFK-Westehest'er). and Pat Paul (Holy
Cross) both breaking the twenty-eight
minute barrier. Freshman Pedro Valero
and sophomore. David Blette also placed
among the top 25 ﬁnishers.- I _

in reference to the team’s record,
Callaci explained. “Of course we lost to
Army and Syracuse. Could you imagine if
our football of basketball team played
against those guys? We even came close
enough to give Syracuse a good scare. so
we had to be happy, even with a loss." By
contrast. the Danes soundly defeated
Williams after losing to their rival harriers
by a greater margin then the year before.
Albany has beaten Vermont for two years
now. “Our record’s better than it looks,"
said Erwin. “As far as we're concerned we
are undefeated so far." The Danes will
take their "undefeated" record on the
road to Hartwiek tomorrow and to Col-
gate on Saturday.

 

The next issue of the
ASP
will be on
Friday, October 5

 

 

 

147-15 ma Rood

TI'ENTION
WANT ig‘éiirrea A
"Is.

MEDICAL scHooL? ’
WE CAN HELP YOU!

For Information wrlte or tall.-

HEALTH CAREERS CONSULTANTS

 

(718)
268-3508 ‘

 

 

 

ﬂanking, N. Y. ' 11.”?

 

 

 

  
 

Door Mom (Elvln).

GUG‘IWIB Gil WEEK?
@Ufii‘ﬁ‘ﬂilinﬁWB

 
 
    

" WG‘JPPV

 
    

Loire always.
Keith

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

r

  
    

 ti‘..,'ruasb.iir,"rm-.

ditheclass'mmv-III

 

/

   

Senior Ed Mealll finished the 5.05 mlle course In second place at 26:09 as the Danes
beat Williams and the University of Vermont.

Women spikers take seven

of first nine matches

By Doug Israel

- it was a disappointing end to a great
season last year. when the Albany State
women's volleyball team was eliminated in'
the opening round of the NCAA cham-
pionships. This came after a regular season
marked by a record of 36-3. The playoff
loss was especially heartbreaking as it
came against big rival Brockport. in a best
of ﬁve series that went to a decisive fifth
game the Danes lost by a score of three
points.

Fortunately though, Coach Pat Dwyer is
not one to dwell on past disappointments.
He prefers to look at the team's season
record as an indication of this coming
year. And indeed the team is already off to
a fast start. After one week of play they
already have a record of 7-2. The season
began last Wednesday when Albany beat
SKidmore in straight games by scores of
15-7, 15-12, and 15-9. On Friday theCireat
Dane Tournament began and Albany
started off in true fashion beating
Binghamton 15-9 and 16-14. The tourna-
ment continued early Saturday morning
when the Danes were scheduled to play
Pace. The team got a break when Pace
didn't show up and Albany was given two
victories. But the furlough didn't last long
when they took on St. Lawrence next. in a
grueling match that saw Albany take the
ﬁrst game of the best of three series, but
then lose the second, the Danes came up

victorious with a 15-2 win in the decisive
third game.

Unfortunately the team's luck ran out in
the ﬁnal matchup of the round-robin tour-
nament. Brooklyn won the ﬁrst game 15-3.
Albany came back in the second with a
15-] I victory but lost the ﬁnal game 14-16.
This left a three-way tie for the ﬁrst place
with Brooklyn, Binghamton and Albany.
Only the ﬁrst two teams could advance to
the elimination round. Brooklyn was plac-
ed ﬁrst because of the decisiveness of its
victories. Albany and Binghamton played
one game for second. The Danes won 15-0.
So the team advanced to the quarterﬁnals.
They avenged last season by beating
Brockport 15-8, 15-5. They then beat
lthaca 2-15, 15-5, 15-13.

By this time it was 9:00 P.M. and the
Danes were extremely tired. But they
played Colgate as well as they could and
looked strong despite losses of 5-15 and
4-l5.

Overall the team looks to do even better
than last season.

Dwyer added, “We have a really young
team with no seniors. This is the best crop
of freshmen l’ve ever seen." When .sked
about the teams goals for this season he
replied, “To play as well as we-can as a
team and as a result make this year an en-
joyable experience: The winning will
follow." 1:]

 

Foreign Service!

If interested. he will be available from
11AM until 5PM, Monday October Ist.
For more information.
contact the Career Development Center. A

Interested in the Foreign Service?
Meet David Seal
Foreign Service Ofﬁcer
for the US Dept. of State
Who has served in:
Ethiopia. Pakistan. Zaire, Chad. Ohana.
Egypt and find out how to apply. how to
take the test, and what life is like in the

\

 

 

 

E Netwomen rip past‘:-Card'saft

 

By. Perryl'lsehler ., ,_
STA” null '

when the mightly fall. they fall hard:

But when the mighty rise back up, they rise
higher than they were before. Such is the
case forvcoach Jim Serbalik's Albany State
netwomen who were thrashed Friday
night, 9 - 0 by Middlebury only to come
back on Saturday to beat a tough Platt-
sburgh squad 6 - 3 to up their overall
record to 3 - l.

The Danes were cruising along
undefeated, playing ﬁne tennis despite the
odds stacked by injury and inexperience
until they met a team of higher caliber.
Serbalik’s squad was no match for the
highly regarded'team from Middlebury.
However. despite missing three singles
players, the netwomen gave Middlebury a
run for their money although the score was
not indicative.

in ﬁrst singles, Liz Whelch topped Deb
Leffe, 6 - 4, 6 - 3, to set the tone for the
day. Jan Ondautyc took Gerri Chiodo,
6 - 3. 6 - 2, in a record singles match and
Bess Cromwell bested Helen Tishler, 6 - l,
6 - 2, to put Albany in a hole they would
never climb out of.

The singles rout continued as Nancy
Forbes fell, 6 - 2. 6 - l, to Lindsay Marx;
Lisa Valens was overpowered by Cindy
Smith, 6 - 3, 6 - l; and Patti Riccardelli
handled Nina Cheung, 6 - l, 6 - l.

The doubles matched provided a little
more excitement despite the fact that
Albany had already been mathmatically
defeated. The first doubles duo of Leffe
and Chiodo fought valiantly against On-
dautyc and Smith before succumbing by a
score of 7 - 4, 6 - 7, 7 - 6. in another ex-
cellent match, Forbes and Tishler teamed‘

By Marc Barman

SPORTS EDITOR

Some of the members of the Albany
State men’s soccer team weren't exactly
awed by the play of fourth-ranked Cor-
tland, which blanked the Danes, 3 - 0 this
past Saturday. And that might give a clue
to how the club felt about their own
performance.

“I wasn’t overly impressed with their

 

to face CromwelLand Whelch and fell.

\

6 - 3, 6 o 2. Cheung and Jenny Barahmi

~. fell easily to Piccardelli and Marx. 6 - l,

Realistic Coach Serbalik summed up the
action honestly. “it was good for the girls
to see a better caliber of tennis to keep
them hungry. We were without three of
our singles (Ellen Yun, Betsy Aronin,
Ellen Katz) and were faced with a very well

' organized team. i think the match made us

a better squad."

As Coach Serbalik spoke, a better squad
appeared Saturday to take on Plattsburgh.
Tire travel-weary, injury-riddled shell of ‘a
team came back to beat Plattsburgh for
their third victory against one loss. First
singles Leffe returned to winning form by
beating Kelly Penﬁeld, 6 - 4. 7 - 5. Gerri
Chiodo bounced back. 6 ~ 2, 6 - l. to beat
Jennifer Seals in second singles action.
Ellen Yun returned to a 6 - 2, 6 - 2 victory
over Sheila Haley, while Nancy Forbes
camebacktoa2—6,6-3.7-Swinover
Leah Gaburo.~ Surprising rookie Lisa
Valens captured Albany's game winning
ﬁfth victory, 6 - 0, 6 ~ 3, against Jane
Boltzenbagel. Diane Huyde kept Helen
Tishler untracked 6 - 3, 6 - 4, for Platt-
sburgh’s only singles score.

in doubles, a rescillient duo of Leffe and
Chiodo went three sets before taking Pen-
ﬁeld and Huyde, 6 - 7, 6 ~ 4, 6 - 3. Platt-
sburgh retaliated with two doubles Vic--
tories as the Plattsburgh pair of Seals and
Haley took Yun and Cheung, 6 - 4, 6 - 3;
and Mary Henshell and Boltzenbagel took
Valens and Barahm, 6 - l, 6 - l.

They've tasted with winning and losing.
Only time will tell which they like better. D

team,” said fullback Francisco Duartej,
referring to Cortland. “l thought we
could‘ve beat them. We just didn’t play in-
telligent soccer."

Said the Danes’ leading scorer Tihan
Presbie, “i thought they would be better
than they were. We just didn't play as well
as we can."

When a player such as Presbie only
manages two shots in a game, you know

,.

..,q

  

u. ._ ...

" ' _ wf‘x.

 

   

9' Middlebury lo

     

 

 

 

Numberl singles Debbie Lelia

things didn't go as planned. '

Coach Bill Schieffelin blamed the mid-
field's performance. “The mistakes at
midﬁeld really cost us." said the coach.
“Our midfield play hasn't been able to
generate assistance."

The Red Dragon defensive strategy also
had a role in shutting down the Danes' top
scorer, who has contributed four goals and
four assists so far this year.

G RE T DA T »IPT

m‘ckport Eagle's__33~6 last Saturday on sped Oi topic Field. V
ff Russell pilbting the team Quit ‘ _

mentlylﬂ'l‘he runni

 

ERICA SFIIOEL UPS

 

Highly ranked Dragons blank men boaters, 3-0

Last week, when Cortland played at
Union, Dragon coach Fred Taube sent one
of his assistants down to scout the Albany-
Plattsburgh match. it was apparent Satur-
day afternoon that the Dragon scout knew
who the Danes' “big man" was.

Wherever Presbie was, so was at least
two Cortland defenders. “They doubled
and triple-teamed me all day. Whenever I
broke free, l'd hear someone yell. ‘pick up
number seven',” said Presbie.

Meanwhile, the Dragon offense broke
early and often. Goals within three
minutes of each other early in the ﬁrst half
caught the Danes off guard.

“They got those two goals early,” said
Schieffelin, “and it really got us down."

Goalkeeper Tom Merritt, who started
last year for Albany, made his season
debut Saturday, replacing Howard Tygar,
who played poorly in the 7 - 3 loss to Plat-
tsburgh last week. Merritt's back problem
has lessened, which is why he got the call.
But in the 10th minute of the game, be
deﬂected a shot to the right of the crossbar
where Dragon forward Tom Lane tucked
it in.

Three minutes later, John Hartwiek
snuck one by Merritt on a shot from the
right of the penalty box.

That is when Merritt was replaced, as his
'lower back problem started acting up.
Tygar ﬁnished up allowing only one goal
coming on a breakaway. ‘ _

Ranked seventh last week, the Danes
slipped back to lith place in the N.Y.
State polls following their last two defeats.
And talk of playoffs has lessened
considerably.

“It’s too early to talk about that," said

'Schieffelin.

Yesterday afternoon the 2 - 2 Danes
traveled to take on LeMoyne. According
to Schieffelin, that game and the other two
games this week against North Adams
(Wednesday) and Brockport (Saturday)
should wind up as victories.

“We should be 5 - 2 at the end of the
week," said Schieffelin.

Then maybe Schieffelin will start talking

D

5 playoffs again. A

 

 

 

~‘J.:QH¢Lr‘-" - w  ‘

 

