   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  

 

 

 

2 ALBANY STUPENTWIIFSS. E1 weave r. Newman 13. m4. 1.

NEWS {BRIEFS .

 

 

 

Worldwide
Armed forces alerted

Managua, Nicaragua

(AP) Nicaragua’s armed forces were put

on a state of combat alert and the civil

defense force was activated Monday in an-

ticipation of military action, the San-
dinista government said.

Communiques from the Defense

Ministry and the civil defense high com- .

mand read over nationwide radio said the
military moves were being made because
of threats of attacks on Nicaragua.

The communiques did not specifically
mention the United States, but Nicaraguan
government officials have repeatedly said
recently that a US. invasion was “immi-
nent.” The United States has denied the
allegation.

Israel commended

Washington, D.C.
(AP) In arguing for a more aggressive anti-
terrorist policy that would include use of
the nation's military. Secretary of State

George P. Shultz has cited Israel's quick- _

 

 

 

retaliation approach as the course to
follow.

“No nation has had more experience
with terrorism than Israel, and no nation
has made a greater contribution to our
understanding of the problem and the best
ways to confront it," Schultz said in a re-
cent controversial speech.

But for all of Israel's years of ex-
perience, terrorist bombs still explode on
buses in Israel, while terrorist bombs don't
explode on buses in the United States.

Deserters return

London
(AP) Two Red Army soldiers who deserted
in Afghanistan l6 months ago and found
refuge in Britain have returned home to an
uncertain future in the Soviet Union.
The Soviet Embassy in London said Sgt.
Igor Rykhov, 22, and Pvt. Oleg Khlan, 2l,
acted voluntarily when they turned

themselves in at the embassy and asked to'

be sent home “to join their families.”
- The pair smiled and waved ,to reporters
Sunday as they were escorted by Soviet of-
ficials to a Leningrad-bound ﬂight at Lon-
don’s Heathrow Airport.

“We think everything will be all right,"
Rykhov said, through an interpreter, at the
airport.

 

 

 

Nationwide
Strategy criticized

Omaha, Neb.
(AP) The Strategic Air Command
shouldn’t launch its missiles against the
Soviet Union until at least some enemy
warheads have reached the United States,
SAC's commander-in-chief says.

Gen. Bennie L. Davis said he doesn't ad-
vocate the launch-on-warning doctrine
espoused by some nuclear strategists.

Critics of that strategy, under which a
retaliatory missile is launched as soon as a
warning signals that a missile is heading
toward the United States, say warning
systems can give false indications of an at-

 

.tack, making it possible for a nuclear war

to occur accidentally.
CIA disciplined

Washington, D.C.
(AP) While insisting that no laws were
violated. President Reagan has authorized
disciplinary action against a group of CIA
employees involved in the production of a
manual interpreted as advocating the
assassination of officials of Nicaragua’s

 

 

The rock band Zebra sent vlbﬂtlone through the

thuaiaatic crowd Sunday nlg .

PRE VIE W OF E VENTS

Free listings
A Brown Bag Colloqulm Lun-

rewume styling and Interview

DAVID ISAAC UPS

Campus Center as they played their Led Zeppelin-Inspired music for the en-

Sandinista government.

‘ White House ofﬁcials say that could
amount to letters of reprimand or suspen-
sions, but probably not dismissals.

Some Democratic members of Congress
say Reagan’s action does not go far
enough and are demanding an investiga-
tion of the entire command structure of
the intelligence agency.

Tax hike necessary

Washington, D.C.
(AP) Martin Feldstein, the former chief
White House economist, said Monday
federal budget deficits can only be brought
under control by raising taxes and reduc-
ing the growth in spending on Social
Security and Medicare.

He urged President Reagan and Con-
gress to take the necessary steps to reduce
government red ink, saying such action is
“crucial” in 1985.

“If legislative action is not taken in
I985, it may be economically or politically
impossible to do anything for years and
years to come," he warned in the prepared
text of a speech to a meeting in Boston of
the American Council of Life Insurance.

   

Statewide

Koch loses support

 

New York City
(AP) Saying that Mayor Edward Koch
“has not turned out to be the mayor he
promised he‘d be," state Repubican
Chairman George Clark has said he could
support a Democrat in next year’s mayoral
election, but would not back Koch.

.Clark, who supported Koch in I981,

' i said he could support a Democrat such as

Rep. Mario Biaggi or Brooklyn Borough

' {President Howard Golden, but not City
, Council President Carol Bellamy or Con--

- troller Harrison Goldin.

’ Rep. Guy Molinari of Staten Island is a
leading Republican candidate for mayor,
‘but a big underdog in the heavily
Democratic city, Clark said.

Murderer sought

Cableskill, N. Y.
(AP) Schoharie County sheriff’s deputies
are looking for the killcr of a night clerk at
a 24-hour service station and deli in the
hamlet of Central Bridge.

Arthur Nolan, 22, of Coblcskill, was
found with a gunshot wound to the chest
at the Red Door Deli at 1:00 Monday mor-
ning, after what the Schoharie County
sheriff said was an apparent robbery.
Nolan was pronounced dead at the scene

 

by Coroner Wesley Andrews.

 

A support group meeting for

chairperson, Janey Fland.

hypertension control at

 

cheon will be held Wednes-
day, November 14 at 12:15
pm. In HU 354. June Hahner
will speak on “Researching
the History of Women's
Rights Activities In Brazil.

The Anthropology Depart-
ment will hold a special In-
terest meeting for
undergraduates Thursday,
November 15 at 7 pm. in SS
108. Interested
undergraduates may contact
Lori Wheeler at 459-3269.

The Society for the Advance-
ment of Marketing will pre-
sent John Casseee Tuesday,
Novmber 13 at 7 pm. In LC 6.

 

Caeeese will speak on

techniques.

A Statistlcs Colloqulm will be
held Wednesday. November
14 at 4:15 pm. In ES 140.
Modelsand methods for the
analysis of longitudinal data
will be discussed.

Sale Place, a support group
for families and friends of
suicide victims will meet
Tuesday, November 13 at 7:30
pm. at 727 Madison Avenue.
For more Information call
482-0799

The Respite Project will hold

V a volunteer traingln workshop

Wednesday, November 14
from 6 to 10 pm. For more In-
formation call 457-0442.

patients with Chrbhn's
disease and ulceratlve colltls
will be held Wednesday,
November 14 from 7:30 to
9:30 pm. In the Cusack
Auditorium at St. Peter's
Hospital. For Information call
458-2517.

James Cotton will deliver his
foot stomping party show
Thursday, November 15 at
Columbia Green Community
College at 9 pm. For Informa-
tion contact Lisa Shivlty at
(312) 2628311.

Splrlt Committee will meet
Thursday, November 15 In CC
356. For more Information

contact Spirit Committee

The New York Chamber
Soloists will perform Bach's
Slx Brandenburg Concertl n
Wednesday, November 14 at
8 pm. in Union College
Memorial Chapel. For tickets
call 382-7890.

Russell Sage College
Chamber Series will feature
the Notheasterly Wind
Quintet Tuesday, November
13 at 7 pm. In Bush Memorial
Center. Admission Is $3.00.
For information call 270-2246.
A blood presesure clinic will
be held Thursday, November
15 btween 10 am. and 11:30
am. at the Salvation Army.
For more Information contact

462-7461.

The Bloodmoblle will be In
the Campus Center Ballroom
Thursday, November 15 from
10 am. to 4 pm.

The Student Association Pro-
gramming Board will hold Its
second meeting Wednesday,
November 14 at 3 pm. In CC
375. For more Information
contact Pally Salkln.

The Capital Districts
Women's Political Caucus
will hold a meeting Wednes-
day, November 14 at 7 pm. at
Son’s Restaurant on Western
Avenue. For more Informa-
tion contact Karen Loplccolo
at 474.0781.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Student checking the ‘holds' list
Some students do not discover they are on the holds list until they try to pre-regisler.

Baffling holds slow pre-registration

By Ian Clements
smnr WRITER

Stttdcnts attempting to pre-register for the Spring
semester may find more problems than just being closed
out of courses they want to take.

Some students have been mistakenly placed on the Stu-
dent Accounts “holds” list this semester, preventing
them from registering. In order to pre-register for classes
these students must obtain a “release” form from the Of-
fice of Student Accounts. This usually entails waiting on
line for approximately 30 minutes.

Director of Student Accounts Lia Catalano said she
doesn't know how widespread the problem is, but she is
trying to ﬁnd out how it developed and 'how it can be
solved. '

Some studens have not discovered they are on the holds
list until they try to pre-register and are told they cannot
because of the hold.

Usually, a hold on records indicates that a student owes
money to the University.

Steve Stavrides, a junior from Dutch Quad said he had
to wait on line at the Billing and Acocunts window in the
Business Administration basement for 45 minutes after
discovering at pre-registration that he was put on the
holds list without justification.

“I hope I get the classes I want," he said, as he walked
back to Colonial Quad to pre-register.

The problem is not caused by a delay in removing holds
after students have paid their bills, said Catalano. “Peo-
ple go over to Colonial Quad and pull holds every morn-
ing," from the list of students on hold, she said.

A new computer system being used by Student Ac-

_counts might be the cause of the problem,.she said. The

system has caused a “great improvement" in services, she
said, but “new systems also have problems."

Catalano said she is searching for a pattern among
students who have had holds erroneously placed on their
records in order to see how the problem developed.

The University does not place records on hold if a
students federal or state financial aid funds are not reciev-

  

e ’ V I 

SHARI ALBERT UPS

ed on time, according to Director of Financial Aid
Donald Whitlock. “When there is an assurance that aid is
coming," he said, “there is generally no problem with
holds.“

University Auxilliary Services (UAS) is not the source
of the problem either, asserted Assistant to the Director
of Food Service Teddy Cornell.

“We do not do any billing," Cornell said, "all students
are billed through Student Accounts.“ Students do not
pay UAS directly for their meal plans, she explained. On-
ly those people who purchase temporary meal plans, such
as teachers or visiting scholars, send their payment
straight to UAS, Cornell added.

Students who are unaware that they have a hold often
discover the problem when they attempt to obtain a
permit-to-register card at Colonial Quad.

According to two women who have dispensed the cards
for “a few years," the number of students discovering
they have holds at the permit-to-register table has not
been unusually high this semester.

Gary Kaplan, a senior, said all his bills were paid but he
checked the holds list anyway. After ﬁnding his ID.
number on the list, he said, he waited on the line for
about 45 minutes so he could get a release.

The worker at the Billing and Accounts window “at
first tried to say it was my mistake but I said, ‘it’s your
mistake’ and they eventually admitted it,” Kaplan said.
“It’s ridiculous,” he added.

Both Kaplan and Douglas Karmel, also a senior, said v

they have been placed on the holds list by mistake in the
past. “It seems to us to be a common occurcnce," said
Karmel.

“There’s got to be a better way or a better system. They
should hire more people," Karmel said. “My time is very
valuable,” he added.

Kaplan said many of the other students on line at the
Billing and Accounts ofﬁce had holds also, although they
believed bills had been paid. Karmel said he "couldn't say
for sure" whether that was the case. El

 

By Michelle Busher
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Robert L. Hoffman, 47, an associate professor of
History, recalled by many for his innovative approach
to teaching and his sincere concern for peace, died
Wednesday, November 7 after he was stricken by a
heart attack on the podium.

A memorial service will be held on Saturday.
November 17 at 2pm at the Westminster Presbyterian
Church at 262 State Street.

Hoffman collapsed Wednesday, at about 1:25pm
while walking on the podium by the Humanities
building on his way to teach class. He was spotted by
two people who both called SUNYA's 5-Quad
'Volunteer Ambulance service.

Director of operations of 5-Quad, Ari Fisher said,

.“We received the calls at 1:26 pm and the crew arrived
on the scene at 1:29pm.”

When the crew arrived, Hoffman had stopped
breathing but still had a weak pulse, said Fisher. At
that time, a bystander who identiﬁed herself as a nurse,
was'performing artificial,resplration. Shortly after

 

Robert L. Hoffman, history professor, dies at 47

‘S-Quad, Fisher said. At 2:05, 5~Quad transported Hof—

5-Quad arrived, Hoffman’s pulse was lost. The crew,
working with the nurse, began Cardio-pulmonary
Respiration (CPR).

Albany paramedics arrived about three minutes after

fman with the paramedics to Albany Medical Center,
said Fisher.

Rumors that it took S-Quad almost 25 minutes to ar-
rive at the scene are untrue, Fisher said, adding “It
seems a lot longer when you are waiting for an am-
bulance in a real emergency."

Hoffman's death came as a surprise to the campus
community. Friends and colleagues remembered him
for his unique approach to teaching and his unlimited
concern for others.

Dewitt Ellinwood, Associate Dean of the College of
Behavioral Science, said, “Hoffman was probably one
of the more widely known people around the campus,
because of his wide variety of interests."

Hoffman had recently been named director of the
University’s MasternofArts in Liberal Studies Pro-

. ‘ . ' 17>.

 

 

  

.TUEsBA'r..tiJ‘oitte‘it‘riialti stat; tswsastiswasssn‘saig  ,j

 



SUNYA students did

not vote party lines - » ‘
By Tom Bergen
STAFF WRITER

While voting statistics seem to show a general trend
towards conservatism among college-age voters, SUNYA
students voting at polling places for on-campus residents
supported Democratic candidates by largemargins in last
Tuesday‘s elections according to results provided by poll-
ing place officials.

These vote totals suggest that many -
of the SUNYA voters who did cast 
ballots for the local elections split their 
vote among the two major political
parties.

Presidential Candidate Walter Mon- 
dale's total SUNYA vote of l524 was
not equalled by any of the local Democratic candidates
Stratton, with I,396 votes, received the most SUNYA
votes of any local Democrat.

Except for the presidential race. the spread between the
winning Democratic candidates, who swept the local
races, and the losing Republicans was smaller at SUNYA
voting districts than in Albany County as a whole.

According to a New York Times-CBS News poll
published in the Times on November 8, 61 percent of the
nation‘s tncn, l8-29 years old. supported Ronald Reagan,
whil 37 percent favored Walter Mondale. Fifty-five per-
cent of the nation‘s women in the same age group sup-
ported the President, while 45 percent backed Mondale.

In the 1980 presidential election, mcn l8 to 29 years old
supported Reagan over Carter 47 to 39 percent, while ll
percent supported indepettdent John Anderson. In that
same year, women aged I8 to 29 supported Carter over
Reagan 49-39 percent, with Anderson receiving l0
percent.

In this year's presidential race SUNYA voters sup-
ported Mondale by a greater margin titan voters in
Albany County as a whole. At the student polling places,
which include voting booths at the Gym, the Thruway
House. St. Margaret Mary's Church, and State Quad,
Mondale got 58 percent of the vote. but he received only
5l.2 percent of the total vote in Albany County.

Reagan won 42 percent of SUNYA votes, as compared
to 48.7 percent for Albany County as a whole.

The extra margin ofsupport which Mondale received in
the presidential race was reversed in the local races.
Although all the Republican candidates lost at SUNYA,
they rccieved a higher proportion of votes on campus
than they did in the Albany County race.

lit the 23rd Congressional District, which encompasses
Albany County, incumbent Stratton won 77.8 percent of
all votes cast, while Republican Challenger Richard
Wicks received 22.l percent.

At SUNYA polling places, however, Stratton won with
only 70.5 percent of the vote, a 7.3 percent drop, wltile
Wicks scored 29.5 percent, a gain of 7.4 percent.

Democratic State Senator Howard Nolan won re-
clectoin in Albany with 64.3 percent of the vote. His op-
ponent, Republican .Ioscph Frangella. pulled in 35.6 per-
cent of all votes cast in the race.

The difference of 28.7 percent in the district as a whole
closes to I49 percent when SUNYA voting is considered
alone, showing greater support for the Republican among
SUNYA students than in the district as a whole.

The area Assembly race showed similar trends.
Democratic incumbent Richard .I. Conners pulled in 76.5
percent of votes in the entire contest, but won only 70.7
percent of SUNYA votes.

Conners' opponent, Republican Paul Silverstein,
received 23.4 percent of votes cast in the race, but won
29.3 percent of the votes cast at SUNYA polling places
for on-campus students. ‘

Many SUNYA voters apparently chose ttot to vote in
the local races. A total of 2,624 votes were counted in the
presidential race, while the highest total for a local race

 

 

 

 

was 2,069 votes in the Nolan-Frangella contest. LJ
MONDALE REAGAN
' 53% 51.2% 42% 48.7%
KEY; sum :2
. ALBANY '
_
. COUNTY. . '_ _ H

 

 

 

  

