VOLUME LXXI

   147,  

Y THE ALBAN‘Y STUDE

its» 1r i.

NT mess CORPORATION

gm.

NUMBER 25

 

 

 

 

,SiUNYA’s Writers Institute expands statewide- , I

Cubmo signs bill
granting $100,000
to growing Institute

By James ,O’Suillvan
assocmrs NEWS corms

At a ceremony last Tuesday in SUNYA'S
alumni house, Governor Mario Cuomo sign-
ed a bill creating a New York State Writer's
Institute, which is to be headed by SUNYA’s
Pulitzer Prize winning professor William
Kennedy.

The institute" which will receivc $100,000
from the state this year will. among other
programs, sponsor lectttres and readings by
celebrated writers including Toni Morrison.

who spoke Thursday night, and John Up- ‘

dike. who is scheduled to speak on April 25.

“Signing the legislation that puts state
funds behind Bill Kennedy’s institution is, i
think. one of the bést pieces of creative
writing that illl'ever be able to perform,"
the governor‘saidJuSt before signing the bill.

University Biestdent Vincent O'Leary,
Albany Mayor‘Thomas Whalen, and SUNY
Chancellor Clifton Wharton werenamong the
dignitaries present‘at' the ceremony, which
was marked by light hearted speeches prais-
ing Kennedy and the funding of the institute.

O'Leary welcomed both the officials and
“any splendid nobodies and understated
scoundrels who may have dropped in" to the
SUNYA campus, borrowing a line from the
jacket of Kennedy’s book 0 Albany.

Explaining that the institute is for the
whole of New York State, although it will be
based at SUNYA, O’Leary added “it has to
be somewhere and what grander place than
Albany." the area featured in Kennedy's
novels.

Mario Cuomo. Dana and William Kennedy h

 

w.

The new institute will bring_celcbrated writers to SUNYA A

Kennedy originally founded SUNYA's
Writer’s institute. The bill Cuomo signed
Tuesday created the New York State Writer’s
institute. shich will encompass and Islam
the ﬁrst institute. "

in an interview after the m
O’Leary said the institute will put“

sorts of activities around writing thl u.

would never have without this (institute)."
He also cited it as “a good example ofhow

graduate and undergraduate education sup-
port one another." noting that the institute
will complement SUNYA's English doc-
torate program while giving undergraduate
students the chance to meet with celebrated
writers.

Wharton introduced Cuomo by referring
to the governor's diaries, which were
published earlier this year and reviewedzzb:

‘ umvs . rv sawsl

Morrison brings
her work tolife in
emotional reading

By Christine Relieli
smr‘r WRITER '

Utilizing a hauntingly powerful, deeply
enriching voice. acclaimed novelist Toni
Morrison read with tedrfui emotion key ex-
erpts from her works Thursday night in the
Campus Center Ballroom.

Morrison. cited by many as one of the
great black writers of this century. sought to
capture the voice of Afro-Americanism and
the Black Culture through her captivating
fiction and the beautiful inﬂection in her
voice.

Morrison read a 30 ntinute cxcrpt from her
unfinished fifth book. Beloved, the title of
which she disclosed for the first time, before
the packed campus center ballroom.

"i hope it wasn't hard." says one
character consoling another over the loss of a
child. The character responds. "No, being
alive was the hard part (for the child)."

Morrison said characters are wholly in-
vented. but, the'sound. the atmposphere. the
recollections aren't. Her characters are
“pieces of people's Morrison
explained.

Beyond that her characters' lives are
created. "allowing them to lead lives they
ought to have lived," she said. Morrison's
characters are often portrayed as strong
figures, “able to survive painful, tragic
events, and still lead whole, complete lives,"
she added.

Morrison's speech marked the inaugura-
tion of the New York State Writer's institute

22>

lives. "

SA takes administration to court over bus fee

By Alicia Clmbora
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Save your bus coupon receipts because the battle over the
bus fee isn’t over yet according to Student Association Presi-
dent Rich Schaffer.

SA is currently awaiting a decision in a lawsuit which
charges that the SUNYA Administration illegally instituted
the new bus fee. The suit was heard on September 7 by the
Honorable Laurence Kahn. According to SA attorney Lewis
Oliver. a decision is expected within the next few weeks.

Oliver and SA attorney Mark Mishier filed suit against the
University in the State Supreme Court on August 14. The
suit charges that the bus fee is illegal for four reasons: ,

>The fee was imposed without approval of the University
Council. This is in violation of Education Law 356 which
states that the University Council is responsible for “recom-
mending a budget for the University" and “maintaining the
grounds, buildings and equipment of the university."

>The fee discriminates against students who live in hous-
ing off-campus. Thus it violates the 14th ammendment
which guarantees eaual protection under the law.

>The fee violates Transportation Law Article 6 because
the university is considered a public transportation system;
and as such. would have to apply for a permit from the State
Department of Transportation in order to implement a fee
based system.

b’t’he fee was imposed by President O'Leary contrary to

' the terms laid out by SUNY Ccntral's Vice President of
Finance and Business Harry Spindler in his directive approv-
ing a limited fee but with a year's notice before the fee would
go into effect.

Vice President of Finance and Business John Hartigan
said that the bus fee was necessary to compensatefor ﬁnan-
cial losses suffered during budget cuts. Four full-time posi-

: tions were lost from the bus system through these budget

 

SUNYA bus; inset: new bus tlcitot boothx

BOB SOUCV UPS; INSET: KENNY KlRmN UPS

SA is awaiting a decision on whether the fee was illegally instituted

cuts he said. A special bus fee was originally scheduled for
September 1983, but was delayed pending further
investigation.

A special Task Force consisting of faculty..students and
administrators was assembled in December of 1983 to in-
vestigate the alternatives. The Task Force's options were to
either recommend reducing the service of the existing bus
system. suggest realiocating funds from other-campus pro-
grams and services or suggest initiating ‘a fee to' partially
compensate for the cost of the bus service. . u

.1=

The Task Force conducted an intensive investigation into
the bus system which'included visits to other SUNY cam-
puses to view the effectiveness of their bus systems, open
hearings which were held on campus, an analysis of the
1983-84 budget for the bus service and a study of the costs
and revenue potential of the University Bus Service.

Following the investigation. the Bus Task Force recom-
mended that SUNYA should follow thcuarnpla of the other
SUNY campuses and provide free bus service only for the
22.

g l: .X ,1... I

 

