 

 

 

-wm

.--..- .«u, V

 

 

 

EDITORIAL-c ~  . t.
“The ASP never sleepS”

hat’s our motto. And all too often it’s the truth.

 V - Outside of a few other Campus Center junkies. a‘

lot of‘ people don’t really know who puts this
paper out orhow we go about it. .
To the mildly curious. seriously interested or totally
- apathetic ’— let us introduce ourselves:

-You hold in your hands the Albany Student Press —
a'.k.a'. ASP. ,

'The ASP is run‘ as'democratically as possible. The
members of the editorial board are responsible for both
the paper's day-to-day operation and its editorial policy.

The editorial board is made up of the core of ASPies,
men and women who have committed themselves to this
paper above and beyond the demands of a normal
lifestyle They are the news. sports and aspects editors.
business and production managers. managing editor and
editor-in-chief. ,

The editorial board elects the editor in chief and can
impeach her or him. The board makes all policy deci-
sions. sometimes in formal votes but often in daily deci-
sions. The way the board memebers do their jobs
ultimately shapes the personality and direction of the

' 36L UMNr .

Outside this small group though. is a workforce of
almost loo people — writers. salespeople. production

' workers. business staff. typists and others. They’re the

ones who make this a consistent, quality newspaper.

Most of the people whose names are listed on the facing
page don't get paid. Most of the editors receive stipends.
and some of the business and productions positions are
salaried. No one on the paper receives academic credit for
their work.

The ASP is alone in the SUNY system and a rarity in
the nation — it is a ﬁnancially independent college
newspaper. We receive no funds either from Student
Association or the university. which does provide us with
our home-in the Campus Center. All our revenue comes
from the ads we sell. -

The ASP is independently incorporated. it's published
by the Albany Student Press Corporation. which also
publishes COMll‘Y. the magazine of international
affairs. ' _

Although our financial independence is dear to us. we
strive to be as much a part of this campus as we can. We
are an SA recognized group. although we like to em,

Catch the Spirit

The weather may be turning cold outside but something
very special has taken root and is growing in between the
concrete that we call SUNY Albany. it’s like the human
wave that the Mets' fans participate in at Shea Stadium:
after a few false starts. it grows and spreads until
everyone becomes a part of it.

flason Freidman J

Still confused? Some of you might be in the dark. but
that's okay we'll get back to you later. What l’m referring
to is something i have not overwherningly experienced in
the past three years at Albany. But this year is different.
l'rn talking about the feeling of excitement. enthusiasm
and warmth that is in the air at SUNY Albany this year:
l'm talking about school spirit.

“What a minute." you might say. "What about Lisa
Birnbach's soon-to-be released College Book in which she

- lists Albany among the schools with the least school

spirit." Well Lisa. your book is archaic before it even hits
the bookstore shelf. and I'm gonna tell you why.

i mentioned a “feeling” of spirit. of excitement which
is starting to spread on campus and in the dorms. Mr.
Spock would say that a "feeling" is not enough to go on.
Okay. so how about some facts? Last week. the annual
freshman class picnic was held. it usually has a very low
turnout. Last year 75 students attended and that ﬁgure
was slightly bloated. This year. however. 800 students
went and had a great time.

How about the Pep Rally. a good measure of schoo.’
spirit. Last year virtually no one showed up. this year
over 400 attended and were yelling and cheering for
Coach Ford and the Great Danes, despite the faulty
sound system. Over 750 balloons were” handed out to
freshmen, and others. who couldn't wait to get a hold of
one. i know. i helped hand them out. And to top it all
off, the Danes won. 10—6. before a big crowd.

Dr. Frank Pogue. Vice President of Student Affairs.
said it perfectly when he told me that “the difference bet-'
ween this year and last is not just in the student leaders
who organize and implement our activities. it's in
everyone." He added that his daily calendar is ﬁlled with
meetings with students who want to know what they can
do to help make our school better.

However. let’s not gloss over the efforts of the many
who since .this summer are very much responsible for
creating this feeling of enthusiasm. Rich Schaffer and
Patty Salkin of SA. along with countless others. have
literally knocked the administration over with their en-
thusiasm and programming ideas. 1 believe SA's theme
this year is to reach out to all the elements and interests at
Albany. to draw on their strengths in order to beneﬁt the
student body as a whole. This year’s SA knows what they
want, and they know where to look: the students. And by
the way. most of these people are seniors. not sitting
home off campus getting fat watching MTV.

The story isn’t over yet. The reason why '84-'85 will be
very significant at SUNYA is because this enthusiasm in-
volves not only SA. but the administration. Residential
Life and the staff as well. it seems all have joined together
to make new and old students aware that Albany is a very
special place. You want more proof. 1’" clue you in.

Diversity is the key here at Albany. Our campus is not
"dead" in any sense. We’re made up of so many diverse.
elements and groups which play off uch other and

thereby enrich us all. You can’t deﬁne Albany in one
word. Maybe that's what sets us apart from other
schools. It’s this diversity which makes eating in the din-
ing halls or walking around the podium an educational
experience in and of itself. ’
The academic reputation of this school is solid. you
could look it up in any major guide-to-selecting-a-college-
book. We have nationally and internationally known pro-
fessors here. so we don’t have to dispute the quality of
education that either our parents or we pay for.

Last year. i had the opportunity to have informal talks
with the parents of potential freshmen visiting the carn-
pus. I told them that i knew what the first question was
on their minds, “With a school of this size and with so
many students. how is my son or daughter going to be
more than just a social security number?"

I told those parents that we don't pull freshmen by the
hand and sign them up to a group. At the very least, they
have to have something inside themselves which will
motivate themselves to be a part of Albany. And is it hard
to miss something? Have you ever seen an empty bulletin
board on the podium?

And what do you see? interest meetings for Telethon
(the only student run telethon in the nation), WCDB,
SUNY-tunes. GALA. ASUBA. lntramurals. the Food.
Co-op. Purple and Gold, the ASP. CSA and countless
others. all just as important.«just as essential in making
Albany what it is. Lack of school spirit. come onlll

phasize that we’re not SA funded. We are a reflection of
this university. ‘ ,

The ASP comes out ’twice a week g,— Tuesdays and
Fridays. We print l0.000 issues each time. The paper gets
distributed to all five quads. the campus center. all the
buildings on the podium and the Draper complex. and
certain stores downtown.

Our concern with life on and beyond campus takes
many forms — liberal. conservative. religious. atheist.
progressive — you name it. Whatever our beliefs. we
respect diversity and try to be a positive force in the
community.

We all share a certain journalistic dedication and drive-
to inform. enlighten. stimulate, provoke and sometimes
entertain our readers. We like the First Amendment. us-
ing the vote, and student activism.

in the end. we're just a bunch of students who've
found a place to do some living and learning outside our
classes. Just like you and everybody else. except maybe
that we never sleep.

lntersted? Our interest meeting is this Wednesday night.
7:30 pm. in LC 2. Or just come on up and visit us in
Campus Center 329. Minority students are encouraged to
get involved. So is everybody else -— we need people.

So. just how’ did Lisa Birnbach measure our school
spirit? Phil Johnson, SUNYA's Director of Community
Relations. recently stated. “Lisa visited our campus this
spring. right at the end of exam time. l’ve never seen peo-
ple cheering for exams." Shame on you. Lisa! You miss-
ed Fountain Day. World Week. One-to-One Day. and
Telethon. You didn't see the crowds at the basketball
games and fierce rivalries we have with lthaca. Potsdam.
and Binghamton.

Speaking of sports. Division lll may not put us on TV.
but it sure doesn’t mean lesser quality athletes. Our men’s
and women’s teams have won numerous honors and we
should be proud of the tradition.

Many of you might be asking. "Are you writing this as
a PR tool for SA. is someone pulling my strings?" No.
although my involvement in the affairs and activities of
this school is extensive and known. l submitted this piece
to the editor in the same way anyone else would.

Finally. last week i paid for my college ring. The price
was equivalent to 2% months rent. My dad advised me
that it might be a waste of money because if i go to a good
law school l'll want to buy one for that school'as well.
Well Dad. that's true. but when i get my ring I'm going to
show it to everyone and I’m going to be damn proud to
wear it at 2i and at 7i.

The Mets may not make the playoffs this year. but the
human wave goes on. getting stronger every time. Be a
part of Albany’s human wave, and we'll make it to the
series every year.

 

   
 

(liH'NKYOUPE heirl-
u THERE D°E5$EEMTO

  

 

[d //

 

. BE ttoi OFNEGATNE __ -1
‘\ CAMPAIGNlNCiTHE‘bE DAY -

    
 

\ I

I’—

  
 
 
  

no
6

 

. ‘ 1 i ’

fiI‘I -'i\\\\'ll’A‘ l ||l:..\' 'W'."\‘l‘

L

 
 

 

 

 

 

. .._-~.mmm-mw.m~m .

   
  

 

 

 

 

LETTERS

Poor advisement

To the. Editor:

Hgving completed another add/drop week. i am
disturbed by I serious problem peculiar to this time
period — CUE (Center for Undergraduate Education)
and departmental advisors are more inaccessible than at
any other point in the semester.

CUE closes one hour for lunch during add/drop week,
yet it doesn’t maintain this practice throughout the re-
mainder of the semester. For many students. lunch' hour
is the only available time for them to meet with their ad-
visor. therefor they are subjected to unwarranted hassle.
Why can't CUE advisors skip lunch during this semi-
annual week of great demand for their services? in the
"real world." which we are supposedly being prepared
for. deadlines and seasonal demand require employees to
forego lunch hours and coffee breaks. as well as work ex-
tra hours. if CUE advisors find such a suggestion
unrealistic. then they should at least assent to staggered
lunch hours so that an advisor is always present. They
would probably counter. though. that students wouldn't
then meet with their assigned advisors. though any stu-
dent who has dealt with _CUE during add/drop knows
that you see the next available advisor on many occa-
sions. even though he doesn’t have your records!

in regard to departmental advisers. many of them are
frequently out of the ofﬁce attending meetings. teaching
class. and so on. The ﬁrst week of the semester is burden-
some to begin with. but when a student is additionally re-
quired to continually seek out his advisor he is being dealt
an unfair deck of cards. Cognizant of the busy schedules
and numerous demands placed on departmental advisors.
most of whom teach. i suggest that all university depart-
ments adopt the approach taken by the English depart-
ment. English students requiring advisement report to an
English department advisementofﬁce which is staffed
continuously by English department members. Such a
system allows students to quickly. and with signiﬁcantly
less hassle. receive the assistance they need.

The greatest argument for a change in advisement dur-
ing add/drop is provided by the impending implementa-
tion of the “W” drop policy. While the add date will be
extended by a few days. the drop date will be shortened
about six weeks. How can a student make a rational drop
decision. with the aid of his advisor should he so desire. if
his advisor is inaccessible? With only ten days to make
such a decision. advisor accessibility becomes an increas-

gamers

 

 

 

anew is 1.1.
M LL l‘h. Edllollll Oith
Jessy Manning Editor
Mlle-aw ....... .. .Jarta Andoraon.Jltn0'Bulllvm
"M John Keenan

   

....... ..Joa Fuaco. Michelle Kraft
TM Km

 

 

Marc Benn-n. 
nun

 

.................. ..E¢rwan1 Reine.

WI Dali Bets. Boo Gardlnler. Mark (leaner. Patricia Mll-
chotl. Wayne Maboorn, Lisa atrsln. um Maui-rte: Allela ctrnbors.
Ilatt writ-a: Michelle Bustier, Joanne cariavari. Marta Canine. Kai/In Clarke.
Ian Clements, Betta Dumbo. Ronald Brant nor-ton, Judy Geachtvlnd. Boo
Hltllon. Ertc Hindln. Norma Koo. Alloa McDonnott, John Partial. Christina
Rsffalt. Joe Romano, Michael Bkolnlck, Rick Swanson. Perry Tlacnlar. Ilene
ernslatn. John Wilntott m and learn uter: Rlna Young his:
stm Bryaon

Judy tout. Buslneu Nut-oar
Lynn Marta. Auoclato Buslnau Manager
Jill NM Amrllalng "MW
HI. Kratrnor. salsa Manner

 

 

 

 

Ills-

pw M... an Patna
"‘ err... am...
" Ike- Mm Catalano

 

m Idea: hue Klein. David Wlllrnott. Advertising Production: Elalno
Moder. Moira Katlatt. Sharon ottun. Lynn salpat. Ofﬁce Matt: Christina
Billet“. Linda Delgado, FM Lam. Mltiorla Hounthat

loss-i Kent. neon. Tetra. Assoc/ate Productlarr Managers
.

WM .......................................................................... ..Laneoy Hayrnan

m prtnclpaey crippled by um Hroso lorries. a strident
use

mum Encaaptagat ura suresmy Cotton. Lynn Draltua. Cindy
Gate-y. Mun Ginsberg. Kenny Kirsch, Hobart MW. Joe surrender. Llsa
Simmons, Robert away. Warren atom, Della Otrtck

“MW rmmswmcorm-ama
marred.

The Albany student Press ls paellath Tusadsya and Fridays between
Maul no June by urn [treaty student Press Corporation. an independent
"Oi-fol corporal .

Editorials are written by the Editor in and with mornbera of In. Editorial
50“; trolley Is contact to m by the Editorial acne. Advertising policy
does not necessarily reflect osrtorru policy.
tailing m
Albany Itudant mo. on no
.ttlngton

I“ '0.
Album NV sass
(mi 407m.

 

 

ingly important consideration. Here lies the real cause of
overregistration during preredstration (the impetus for
the "W" policy) '— a student who anticipates add/drop
hassles overregisters. making the decision of which classes
to keep later on during the drop period. when the pro-
cedure is less hectic. Perhaps if advisors were readily
available during add/drop week students would sign up
for their required number of courses knowing that if a
change became necessary. he could do so with a minimum
of hassle. as well as with his advisor’s guidance.
—Stevea laplaa

Complex problem .

To the Editor:

The reason the l8-21 age group has the highest in-
cidence of drunk driving is because it is also the age
bracket having the greatest proportion of inexperienced
drivers. i know everyone has heard all the arguments
before (i.e. you can trust me with a gun at 18 but you
won't let me have a beer until I’m 21). it’s certainly a
tragedy for those people who have died because of drunk
driving but why not attack the real problem at hand?
That is drivingl

Recent studies have shown (Science Digest 84) that dif-
ferent people are affected in varying degrees despite the

' alcohol percentage in the blood. People who were over

the legal blood alcohol level performed driving tasks just
as efﬁciently as when they were straight. This[ is not
meant to justify drunk driving by any means but it does
show that part of the problem lies with the driver and not
the drinker. Most young people get their drivers licenses
when they're 17 or 18. Along with this responsibility they
are subsequently allowed the priviledge of drinking. The
combination of the two is what causes the disasterous
results. Why not drop the driving age to l4? California
has done this in combination with a drinking age of 2]
and the results have proven far more effective than what
is established now in NY. state. With this idea one can
see that the driver is no longer inexperienced when society
bestows on him that priviledge called the "social chug."
“Matured” people drink no less than younger people
do they just happen to drive a little better because they
have been on the road far longer. This letter is not writ-
tem to condone drinking but instead it is a reminder to
our legislators that their quick and easy solutions to com-

plex problems are not always so justiﬁed.
—-Greg Stradt-aa

Women’s safety

To the Editor:

While it is right now difﬁcult to imagine that there
could be greater problems here at SUNYA other than
registration. student accounts. adding. dropping. and
tracking down signitures, it is important that we quickly
become aware that greater problems do exist. I am speak-
ing mainly of safety on campus —— particularly issues con-
cerning females’ safety on campus. Due to the depth and
seriousness of this matter. it is now among the forefront
of problems being addressed here at SUNYA.

Each year women are raped on campus — on the
podium. in the parking lots and in dorm rooms. Each
year there are still more cases of abused and assaulted
women. Each year there are numerous complaints of sex-
ual harassment and verbal abuse. These frightening.
threatening and violent crimes must be countered by
tougher punitive and preventive measures. Women's safe-

ty here *is made still more precarious by the violent,
women-hating pornographic magazines sold in the
bookstore and the pornograpitlc ﬁlms shown in the I”

.ture centers. The permitted existence of such violent.

degrading and objectifylng materials on campus can do

. nothing to promote our safety here.

The administration has taken some serious and tangible
steps to heighten awareness of these issues and combat

campus safety problems. Such examples Include the in- ‘

stallatlon of emergency lights and phones and the Don't
Walk Alone program. A President's Task Force on
Women's Safety has also been established.

This Presidart’s Task Forcehasworked energetically"
for long. hard months to collabcrate a three day event en-
titled Womesr's SafetyAwsrertess Days.,'l'he program in-
cludes speakers. panel discussions. workshops and ﬁlms
which will cover all aspects of women's safety — both on
our campus and on our streets. -The following deserve
very special mention: the workshop entitled “Women of
Color: Are Their Safety Issues Different?." feminist
speaker and writer and author of the recent Minneapolis
anti-pornography ordinance. Andrea Dworkin. and two
very eyeopening and emotionally-stirring films, Not A
Love Story and Primal Far.

it will all happen right here on campus starting
Wednesday. September 19. through Friday. September 21 .
it’s a great way for SUNYA to begin its school year; and
our participation ~ as students and faculty. as women
and men — is both a priviledge and a responsibility.

-Llsa Tennyson
President’s Task Force on Women ’5 Safety

Tickets available

To the Editor

In the September l4 issue of the ASP. Jim Fulton’s let-'
ter to the editor entitled “Bus Fee Casualty" is one that
concerns me. The contention that the campus does not
sell tickets after hours at the information desk or
anywhere else is inaccurate. i am not so much concerned
about Jim's statement as i am that the University Com-
munity. particularly the students. are aware‘that provi-
sion has been made for people who for one reason or
another have not obtained their bus tickets or coupons
during normal working hours.

We have endeavored to provide access to tickets or
coupons in extenuating circumstances and as a conve-
nience. in addition to the ticket booth staffed at the circle
from 8:00 am. to 5:00 p.m.. tickets can be purchased as
follows: .

1. During hours of operations. each of the quad dining
rooms. the bookstore. the Campus Center Snack Bar, the
Vehicle Operations Center. Continuing Studies and the
Kurnquat at the downtown campus sell bus tickets.

2. After 5:00 pm. tickets may be purchased at the
University Public Safety Department building and in the
event that the student does not have the cash. there is an
emergency procedure in place to afford the student op-
portunity to ride the bus.

3. Both the bus drivers and the University Public Safety
Ofﬁcers are sensitive to emergency and safety considera-
tions and are authorized to act in speciﬁc situations.

In summary. since the transportation charge has been
initiated we have been concerned with emergency situa-
tions and the plight of people who for whatever reason
found themselves without the necessary ticket or even
cash to ride a bus.

—John A. Hartlgan
‘Vice President for Finance and Business

 

about political,

off

umns

Dave.
We’re

cartoons.

also

 

Wanted: Columns

The ASP is looking for writing
social
issues, on or off campus. Drop col-
in CC 329,
457 - 332.2. and ask for Ed,.Jerry or

seeking political

or cultural

or call

 

 

 

 

 

      
 

 

 

