 

 
 

 

 

rte g r“: i .1

wartime a,
Leaders begin talks...-

-  v . = El Salvador
(AP) President Jose Napoleon Duarte and
top Salvadoran guerilla leaders Monday
started their first talks since El Salvador's
civil war. began five years ago.

The president, followed by 100 vehicles
full of peasants, workers and supporters,
arrived at the outskirts of this mountain
town an hour before he was scheduled to
meet with four rebel leaders.

Two leaders of the guerrillas' political
movement arrived from Panama and
traveled without _ incident through
government-controlled territory Sunday to
link up with a pair of rebel military com-
manders who joined the talks. _ . .

Duarte left the capital shortlyLafter
daybreak, leading a three-hour “peace
parade" to La Palma, a town of 2,000
people near the Honduran border.

Nobel Prize awarded

Stockholm, Sweden
(AP) The 1984 Nobel Prize in Medicine
was awarded Monday to three researchers
for pioneering work in immunology. in-
cluding promising research into ways to
manipulate the body’s natural defenses to
treat cancer.

London-born Niels K. .lerne, who works
in Switzerland, was cited along with West
German Georges J .F. Koehler and Argen-
tine Cesar Milstein for their theories on the
development and control of the immune
system, and the discovery of the principle
for producing monoclonal antibodies.

Monoclonal antibodies. in addition to
showing promise in halting some forms of
cancer. have been used to treat severe com-
bined immune deficiency syndrome, a rare
condition in which a child cannot fight off
disease. An attempt to treat David. a
Texas boy who spent his twelve years of
life in a sterile plastic bubble. with
‘ monoclonal antibodies failed. but other
children like David have been saved using
' monoclonal antibodies.

 

  
 

   

 

 

ationwide ‘

Photos withheld

Houston, TX
(AP) Pictures of a Soviet nuclear accident
site taken by astronauts aboard space shut-
tle Challenger may not be released for
several months, a NASA official says.

Shelby Tilford. civilian chief of the
earth science division of the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration,
told the Houston Chronicle that 2,400 pic-
tures taken by the astronauts will not be
released for several months and will first
be reviewed for national security purposes.

Aviation Week magazine. in an article
published Monday, said the shuttle took
pictures of a 27-year-old nuclear accident

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

Free listings

make the difference.

and all are welcome.

Wednesday.
7:30pm in L01.

 

reappearanceassassinationssalsa;

BR .7

 

NYPIRG Activism Forum will be The Albany Review is accepting
held on Wednesday.0ctober17 submissions of
at 7:30pm in LG 1. Join us and short fiction for the Fall 1984
Issue. Deadline ls October 19 peace,
ACM Computer Club will hold a and submissions should be
meeting on Tuesday, October brought to the Albany Review
16 at 8pm in L024. There will be mailbox in the SA office.

aspeakeron computergraphics Jawbone Reading Series will
take place on Wednesdays of
Five Quad Ambulance will hold Thursdays from 12pm to 1pm In
a first-aid training session on HU354. Various poets and tie-

throughout the year.

 

1 ..,r ,n s a- w. -. .-

 

site over Kyshtym, 800‘ miles east of‘

MoScow.. .

Officials believe a nuclear reactor exploi
sion or buried nuclear waste may have
created the accident site, which is con-
taminated and has been evacuated. the
magazine said.

Soviet officials have refused to comment
on the accident.

u.s. builds bioék‘ades

Washington, D. C.
(AP) The State Department, concerned
that attacks on its embassies overseas
could be extended to its home ground. is
installing anti-terrorist barricades at
garage entrances to its headquarters
building. ’

The heavy metal blockades. set in
moats, can be activated in seconds to stop
a six-ton vehicle in its tracks. .

The barricades are one element in a
comprehensive package of security im-
provements at the State Department,

although not in response to any specific‘

threat, department spokeswoman
Kathleen Lang said over the weekend.

Work has begun at at least one of the
underground entrances on a driveway-
spanning moat about four feet across and
four feet long.

Library dedicated

Newton. Mass.
(AP) U.S. House Speaker Tip O'Neill says
he doesn't believe in naming buildings
after public officials who still in office -
with one exception.

“This time i made an exception because
this college meant so much to me, to my
family and to my community," he said
Sunday at the dedication of Boston Col-
lege's $28 million Thomas P. O’Neill Jr.
Library. '

O'Neill. 71, left the Jesuit college in
1936 and went almost immediately to the
state Legislature. He stayed there until
1952. when he won the congressional scat

 

 

  

   

 

 

vacated by John P.1Kennedy.
become aSenator. '

Man walks 8,400 miles

1 Maine
(AP) Three and a half years after setting
out from California. Dale Curryfinished
his cross-continent hike and kissed the
ground in the town where he was born.

‘ The celebrating was still going on Sun-
day night in the northern Maine town,
where streets were plastered with welcome
signs for Curry's arrival Friday.

U.S. Rep. Olympia J. Snowe, R-Maine.
brought a congratulatory'note from Presi-
dent Reagan that brought tears to Curry’s
eyes during a reception Saturday night.

Curry, who crossed 32 states and one
Canadian province while hoofing 6,400
miles from Santa Barbara, Calif.. said.
“in all my travels, l have never been
treated like this. i would like to stay here in
Van Buren because the people are so
nice."

‘Noah ’s Ark’ formed

Knoxville, TN
(AP) Dozens of zoos across the country

' are forming a collective Noah’s ark so that

thousands of rare animals eventually may
be returned to the wild.

The animals, whose habitats have been
destroyed by encroaching humans, would
become extinct without the 200’s tem-
porary refugee.

“There will be places where certain
animals’ natural habitats will disappear for
long periods of time. That's where the ark
analogy is particularly appropriate," said
Dr. Thomas J. Foose, conservation coor-
dinator for the American Association of
‘Zoological Parks and Aquariums.

The association is managing 34 “species
survival plans." or SSPs, in which highly
endangered species are selectively bred to

whohad j

 

  

i v :
ensure their survival for at least 200 years,
when it is estimated that‘human popula-
tion will stabilize and the animals' habitats
can be restored.

Statewide

 

 

.Soc'lallsts oft ballot

Albany, NY
(AP) Socialist Workers Party presidential
candidate Mel Mason and running mate
Matilde Zimmerman have been ruled off’
the ballot by the state's highest court.

The Court of Appeals on Monday
unanimously upheld the state Board of
Elections' decision to knock them off the
ballot. Board officials said the dandidates
failed to include on their nominating peti-
tions a listing of electors to be chosen to
represent the party in the general election.

Mason argued in the courts that the add-
ed requirement for independent parties
was unconstitutionally discriminatory, but
Monday’s ruling by the court concluded it
was not a discriminatory restriction.

The state's top court issued its ruling
without a written opinion and it upheld an
earlier decision by the Appellate Division
of state Supreme Court.

Gov. backs nuke halt

Albany. NY
(AP) Gov. Mario Cuomo. who has
repeatedly criticized the mixing of religion
and politics, used references to religion
Saturday to strengthen his call for a
nuclear arms freeze between the United
States and the Soviets. '
The Democratic governor told a cheer-
ing crowd of about 500 at the Upstate
Nuclear Freeze Forum here that “many of
us...whcn we grasp the real fragility ofthe
world situation. many of us pray. And
that’s a good thing. That's a beginning."
H:

 

 

 

 

 

DAVE ASHER UPS

wmi mldterms u on us, Alban ' "I dl '
boaumul mums: y s n an Summer gives students a chance to find a quiet place to study and still enjoy the

 

poetry and

call 463-4632.

Tell 'em You're Here Coffee
House Services presents Elliot
Pllshaw singing songs about
feminism.
life and love on Wednesday. Oc-
tober 17. For more information

The Living Torah: Insights of
Jewish Values
workshop sponsored by The
Flame. It is held on Tuesdays at

and gay

All are welcome.

Is a weekly

World Food Day will culminate The Office of International Pro-
on October16 at 7:30pm In LC19 grams will hold an Informative
with song and reflections. Par- meeting all those Interested in
ticipants include Jay Kellmari. studying abroad on Wednesday.
Rev. W. Callahan. Sr. Nancy October 17 at 7pm in HU354.
Langhart, and Rev. Jack Molyn.

Tenth Annual Career Day wilibe quium “Comparable Worth in
held on Wednesday, October 17 New York State" presented by
from 100am to 4pm in the Cam- Carol Posin from the Center for
pue _enfer Ballroom. S on. Women In Government. t if
October 17 at tion writers will be featured 8:30pm In 00373 and Is led by sored by Delta Sigma Pi pand be held on Wednesday Odtovblei

Rabbi Ze'er Kralnee. UAS. ' '

Research on Women Colic.

17 at 12:15pm in HU354.

 

 

 

 

    

s

 

  

 
  
  

‘1

 

DAVID two UPS

  i"  
Union are consuming": '
increasingly large parts 7

of our resources to

prepare for .a war that
- we dare not ﬁght.”

—Mario Cuomo

Cuomo praiSes nuclear freeze advocates

By James O’Sulllvan .‘
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR, . -

in a subdued .but passionate speech
Saturday afternoon. New York Governor
Mario Cuomo called for a nuclear freeze
as a ‘viable alternative to the escalating
arms race facing the U.S.

“i am not an expert on the facts of the
arms race — on throw.weights, multiple
re-entry vehicles, megatonnage," Cuomo
said. Explaining that he spoke as a father
of five and as governor of New York, he
said. “It is in these capacities that i am re-
quired to consider the realities of the arms
race," said ,the .Governor,:-speaking in
Albany High School at a conference entitl-
ed “Reducing the Risk: Questions and
Answers to the Arms Race.”

The event was sponsored in part by the

SUNYA Chapter of the New York Public
interest Research Group (NYPIRG).
‘ .‘-‘The_truth is the human mind retreats
from the facts of nuclear war.” Cuomo
said, asserting that after a nuclear war
titerveould be, in.the'U.S. alone. at least
_100 million casualties, cities would . be
evaporated, and the water. food, and
Earth would all be polluted.

“We still have trouble comprehending
Nagasaki and Hiroshima -— cities
destroyed by nuclear weapons primitive
and crude compared to the bombs that na-
tions (now) have primed and ready and
pointed at one another." he declared.

“Nuclear war," Cuomo said, “is total
war — all of us know that. Attempts to
stick a modifier before it. to claim that we
can have limited nuclear war or surgical
nuclear strikes fool no one."

To those who ridicule the nuclear freeze
effort, the Governor countered, “We can
be simple without being simplistic."

“Just start with the basics of the entire
arms race,” he told the audience of about
100, “we and the Soviet Union are con-
suming increasingly large parts of our
resources to prepare for a war that we dare
not fight." .2 .

“Something has to die inside of us to
tolerate this madness,” Cuomo said.

“involvement in the nuclear freeze
movement is, i believe, the simplest form
of moral approbation," he said as ap-
plause broke out. “What it says is that life
is better than death.”

Cuomo pointed to the recent summit I
between President Ronald; Reagan and
Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko 
as evidence of the growing popoularity of
“the freeze.”

“The Freeze." a proposal that both the
U.S. and the Soviets stop the production
and deployment of any further nuclear
weapons, is an issue that cuts across all
divisions, Cuomo said.

Referring to the June 1982 nuclear

Women eye increasing

300 women ‘Take Back the Night' in Albany

By Melissa Edmunds

Enjoying the safety that comes in
numbers, more that 300 women _walked
through some of the more dangerous areas
in Albany Saturday night during a march
and rally to “Take Back the Night."

The event, organized in an effort to
strike back at violence against women, was
a symbolic demonstration of women’s
soliderity, according to one of the event's
organizers, Judith Condo, of the Albany
County Rape Crisis Center.

About 25 men attended the rally. but
were not permitted to participate in the
march which began at 8:00. The women
marched up State Street. through part of
Washington Park, up Western Avenue,
across Lake Street to Central Avenue, and
back to the Capitol steps.

Rape was the central crime under pro-
test. not only Condo said, because it is
representative of the worst violence that
can be done to a woman, but because the
FBI reports that it is the fastest growing
crime in the United States. She added that
in the Capital District alone, 288 rapes
were reported last year and that this year
half that number had ,already been
reported by April.

The evening opened with an hour long
rally on the steps of the Capitol Building in
which a series of speakers and a few per-
formers provided information and inspira-
tion for the upcoming march, as the night
grew darker. ‘*

Albany'County Executive James Coyne

issued a proclamation declaring the weeek
of October 8th to the 14th as rape preven-
tion week. a week to be set aside for public
programs.

Karla DiGirolomo, Executive Director
of the NYS commission on Domestic
Violence. pointed out that this week was
also Domestic Violence Awareness week.
This is ﬁtting. she said, because at this
time there are no laws against marital rape

 

END
VIOLENCE
AGAINST
WOMEN

   
  

 

 

 

it New York State. so a wife has no pro-
tection from tier husband in the case of
sexual assualt.

DiGirolomo also pointed out that the
prevailing societal myths about rape are
symptoms of the larger social problem that
keeps women in an obedient and sub-
missive position. maintaining an unjust
social order and an unfair economy.

She demanded a change in the attitudes

freeze march and rally in Manhattan,
which drew a crowd of one million people,
the Governor said, “Yuppies and nuns and
investment bankers and students and con-
struction workers and veterans all marched
in support of the simple proposition that
the weapons we have now are already
enough." V,

in addition to the moral issue. Cuomo
said he seeks an end to the arms race for a
second reason, “an argument based on
economic common senseand one that con-
cerns one as governor." ‘ ' ' v I " ‘

He estimated that in five years, a freeze
would save the U.S. $98 billion, and by the
year 2,000 $400 billion.

“Think of the schools we could build,
think of the roads and the housing, think
of the homeless people who could be
sheltered think ofthe tax cuts." said the
Governor.

“Ask (Albany) Mayor Tom Whalen

what he couldldo, in Albany with just a-tiny .

fraction of that money,” Cuomo said.
uh.“ _}.',I. . V
“The real hope for America isn’t in the
MX or the 13-] or a 'Star Wars' defense,
our real hope is in this room and in rooms
like it across this country." he declared.
"Now," Cuomo concluded. “it’s time
to fulfill an ancient blessing: Blessed be the
peace makers, for they shall be called the
children ofGod." Cl

harassmen

of people to accompany the needed
changes in laws.

At 8:00 p.m. the women began their
march up State Street.

Some women carried signs reading
“End violence against Women," and
many participants chanted as they
marched.

“What do we want? Safety! When do
we want it? Now!" they said. adding
“Women Unitel Take back the night!"
and “Yes means Yes, No means No.
however we dress, wherever we goi;; Some
chants were aimed at heckling bystanders.

The police blocked off intersectionsso
the train of women could cross the street.

When the march had ended, a par-
ticipatory self defense demonstration was
given by Bobbie Palm. Music and a
Benediction ended the evening.

Participants cited many reasons for at-
tedning the march.

Howard Brown of Albany said he
“came to be supportive." adding that he
had attended “Take Back the Night"
march in Madison, Wisconsin.

Susan Pesko of Albany explained, “l’m
a woman. and situations of violence occur
in the lives of most women. We have to
stand up for ourselves. Even walking home
from 288 Lark Street. a man tried to stop
me once." _

Rich Rosenberry was present with his
wife Candy Banks and their dog Georgia.
“i wanted to show support. l'vc been to
ERA meetings and NOW (National
Organization for Women) meetings.“

 

 

 

.- on. Reagan's
 NY statéi'attdr:

 

. . '7 U
S 3'. LEV-‘2-

”.

' " I inertia-assets?

(AP)'The outcome of last Sunday’s
presidential debate is'now 61%"in '
Walter Mondale” gaining substantial,
ground on'President Ronald Reagad’s'
lead, according to campaign officials. '

Walter Mondale appears to have Won
new support in New York with his‘
televised debate against President‘
Reagan. making the race 'for the state's
36 presidential electoral votes a closer
contest. ' '

The results of a Daily News‘Straw‘
Poll published Sunday found the race in,
New York state once again too close to
call. in the poll of l,0l3 likely voters
from across the state the Reagan-Bush
ticket was favored by 45 peicent.
Mondale-Ferraro by Al percent and i4
percent were undecided. - '_

The ‘ previous Straw Poll, taken
beforg the ﬁrst debate between that'wa
Pr'eii‘dential centenders October'nw.’
showed President Reagan favored by 51
to 37 percent. __ ‘

“Mondale has a good chance to take
the state” in'the November 6 pres‘i’dend
tiai election, Lee Miringoff, Directoi‘ of
the Marist College institute for Public
Opinion, said. '

“Mondale took positions in the
I debate that were solid gold politically in
New York." Miringoff said, referring"
to the Democrat’s strong s‘Upport-‘for-
SocialSecurity and Welfare programs.

The big question in the period bet-
ween the two Reagan—Mondale debates
was whether their first encounter
reshaped the contest from what looked
‘ like a' Reagan 'walkawa'y to‘ a potentially'

tight race. "‘5 " " ‘ ‘ *

Reagan campaign ofﬁcials conceded '
that Mondale was the winner of the first
debate, although they insist that it was
just an “off night" for the president
and'that he will be in top form when the
two candidates debate foreign and

defense policy in Kansas City, Mo. on
22>

 

19>

  

 

 

awareness

One third of female
students are abusedijr

Cincinatti, OH.

(COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE) Nearly one—
third of all female college students are sex-
ually harassed on campus — mostly by
male faculty members — but few women
complain because of embarrassing, drawn-
out grievance procedures. a new book
claims.
The harassment, moreover. can cause
emotional problems and make victims
hostile toward men, said Linda Weiner,
University of Cincinatti vice provost _for
student affairs and Billie Wright Dzeich, a
U.C. English professor, authors of The
LecherousProfessar. a book on harass-
merit on campus. 5 v , . ,
“Students are frightened," Dzeich ex-
plained. “They let harassment go on. They
endure it. anything but.confront it. ‘l
don’t want him to get in trouble, I’just
want him to stop,’ is a common reaction."
Students often feel intimidated or
powerless to stop the harassment,
although institutions are required to have
grievance procedures and programs to sup-
port lhem. Dzeich pointed out.
“Many of these programs are slow in coni-
ing," she stated. “But if they're not ade-
quate, students begin to protest."
Few faculty members harass students
Dzeich stressed, but those who do are
usually chronic repeaters. ~
“A million-plus women are harassed each

- ‘ '22»

 

 

