u. ccw‘w-‘mdddawx

 

 

  

 

Mrs/Y s'ruoe'ivomess. i2] “FUESDIA

.‘i‘A‘sJ-acitgo

   

    

, Office ofthe Vice President for Student Affairs

4

October 2}. 1984

Dear Campus Citizeni

As many of you know, during the 1983-84 academic
year‘ a committee consisting of faculty, professionals, and
students discussed and recommended campus policres on use

  

       

/
‘ of alcohol. Having received the approval of campus
governance, the University Council and the President, the
University, on September L 1981), implemented its first
campus—wide policy on alcohol. -
The Statement of Policy which follows is in compliance
with city, county, state and federal regulations. It is
presented as one method to educate the campus community.
We seek your cooperation and compliance.
Thanks. ’
JZ/Mg/é Mew—M ..
Frank G. PUQULL'
“ Vitzo Pl.‘t:.‘}l(lL:iIl for Student Affairs
ownnw or tantrum Allan, I'Uitidiri‘iltaliltli 1.“). Milt) \i'lr‘t‘d’llntjluli Avenue, Albany. New You. ILSL’ZLE. {ital-1574537
I \‘\I|‘l . l‘lrl |i \‘ t it t".l It".l“.t. I ‘-) til \I i -'til ‘I
!"- i I” illlt lli I's.
Ilit‘ '- a: 's‘rti ‘li'll .I' \iI‘t-l.‘- - II .ivrvi . 'litlli'.Ii,.i;..‘ All it ulrint. .riid r.ilirr\.ii-n..it :: .--lltli.‘t E2: its. ‘- I‘ .1 .ilol ,m ..i I .Ivs iv; tlii‘li v’l lilti‘ll ~ n I.» it. -.
_ tsrlt.iit .ri I Illsiiiill'i‘ or ti;vl i‘l'v‘ . -I s on. :riii‘ti
1 ' - 2 its»! its .1tlIIt‘lIJ‘»llI.i|lkI «JI‘IHIH’s til 'r iii i ll. Iaii' .llltl lint! II‘t'I'-I.III u: cotertrrri.‘ rlr itllirl.
1 In:  rt .iltolrol In member s vii tl't l IIl\s'l‘ii~ .iriiurriiiiity is tit-tritissible .rt .lIIIIIUlI.‘t.'tI merits and IIIItIL‘i itllill'ilIL‘xI\tllltIilritlintIrIlltL'tIlIlIIlI\1)t‘IIt\.

«I it\t'itls the use of itlwlr-rl on .illl lli‘ ctsrts and I triteisitvrcl.uctlpto1'cttics.iirtliuustl‘cttrtoinpliaircc \\‘iill policies itoscrnrni' llrc usr- ol l ll)\l‘|\li\ Iilt‘IIlIlL‘\ .iuii trppltr'abh

‘~otitit.tttoir I’oliciesi. ’

\ll |iilli\l(l|lilI\ .iml organi/trtiotrs .rssiimc lllII responsilulitr Ior ilivirrsciics .riid tor the conductor events. including |it||llsilbtili\1ll tire L‘\L'ill\, so Iliat federal. state. .Iiiti local legislation and this

4.
policy are enforced.
5_ ,~\Il iiicinbeis of the Uirsersity L's‘lllllllillll} are cspectcd to comply with the provisions oi the U.A.S‘. alcohol license Itntl arty other special (teiiiporaiy) permits held on campus.
(,4 \ rolarions or this policy will be tlcttll bill) as prescribed by federal. state. and local laws and by University policies and regulations iii S'I'UIJLN’I‘ (illll)l:|.lNliS.
7 llic Vice President for Student Affairs is responsible for iriipleriteitting and interpreting ilris policy.
‘ . (iliNliRAl. LEGAL ANI) UNIVltkSI'I‘Y REQUIREMENTS
| Only persons nineteen (W) or older are to purchase. he sold, givctt. or served alcohol.

2, No persons (otlicr tiiart a parent or guardian) is to purchase for. proctite for. or give alcohol to anyone under nineteen (l9).
3. Anyone under nineteen (i9) is not to use fraudulent proof of age to obtain alcohol.
.

4. Anyone who is apparently intoxicated or is behaving iii an intoxicated manner is not to be served alcoltol.

5‘ All events and activities where alcoitoi is served must have appropriate licctiscs and-or pertnits as required by state. local, or University regulations. Please see Attaclttiient C for assistance.
The appropriate director. dean (or ticsigriec) responsible for the ftrnctiott. facilities or area mnlscs the determination of which licences arid-or permits are required if questions arise. Requests
for interpretions or appeals are to bc tirade to the Vice President for Students Affairs (or dcsignce) whose decisions will be final.

6. .‘\i events and activities at which alcohol is available appropriate amounts of tron-alcoholic beverages and food tnust also be available. (See Attachment A).

7. Double proof of age is required at all functions where alcohol is served. The following are acceptable forntslof proof:

it. SUNYA ID card.

b. Valid driver's license.

c. Birth certificate.

d. Laminated ID card from another University-college.
c. Sheriff’s ID card or Police Department ID card.

POLICY APPLICATION TO UNIVERSITY AND UNIVERSITY-RELATED PROPERTIES
A.RESIDENCE HALLS

l.I)efinltiuris

' . Residence Halls are defined as the total quadrangle. including out-of-doors areas.

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

v-_.,, ..:aL ..

i
i
‘5
i
ii
i
,i

 

 

 

 

 

   

.. ..... ._.. -mamwl -_-.. .... .

   

p..-,....a—.

ruesm y, octonerr 23. 1984 U ALBANrsrUDENT'PRizss‘I 

 

 

2. Responsiblity for Administering Policy: Special Functions-Dry Areas

it is the responsibility of the Area C ' " for each ‘ ' in ‘

. s with the t‘ 4 ' 3
Alcohol Palm“ or me Univcrsi'y. This includes des'snmlon or spmmc Incubus 5 card to provide for the administration of the Special Function and

“Ch as “a! Room I low“ lounle l '0' exlﬂlnlc. which are normally available I0! SOCIII
events and OCCISIO s c F r‘ l P r such as Stud Areas and PElllI'lOllSC LOU" C5 are EXPTESSI do
I! under the Spc in] un.tlot olicy. Certain a cas y S y

is not permitted. The Area C " . has the l "  for com ' ' these ‘ ' Signal“ as are“ Where [he use or "calm

to the residents of thc quadrangle.

3. Section Lounges and Hall Lounges

Section E d - ‘ ‘ ' '
rt Hall Lounges may he made nvatlableor approval of spccial functions (which may or may not involve the 15: of alcoholic beverages) on Friday and Saturday afternoons and evenings.

These functions are to governed by campus policies and regulations and require advance approval.

Function ‘ ‘ ’ ‘
assume re:::::$i5”:5rr¢:rIg‘zﬂrhfesiponsibihty for preventing disturbance to others. damage to property. or condition: which pose a safety Ihrcat to persons or property. Sponsors also agree to
c av or 0 their guests and for the actual charges for the damage or unusual cleaning rtqulremcnts whleh occur. Application is made by filing the Special Function

Reservation Form.

Note: Please see Appendix A for Guidelines to assist the planning of such functions.

B. ACADEMIC PODIUM BUILDINGS

1. Consumption of alcoholic beverages in academic podium buildings is prohibited. except for authorized social functions.

2. Granting of authority for use of alcoholic beverages within all academic buildings on the Acndmic Podium (with the csceplinn of the (‘ainptts Center) is the responsibility or the d
- e n

director. or designer: who bears res ' ‘ ‘ '- ' ' ~ ‘ - - r
. I .ponstblltty for the administration of the budding. Tius definition of academic buildin s in -ludcs Dr H ' i O - ' ' '
factiitlcs rented or leased for academic purposes. g t I u q mmmmy' me 6cm” Budding. and Other

a. The use of alcohlic beverages for a function requires the prior approval of the building administrator.

b. Alcoholic beverages for functions in the academic buildings may be provided only by University Auxiliary Services. Inc. (UAS) or the function sponsor - the manner to be
determined by the building administrator.

c. If alcoholic beverages are provided by UAS or a charge is made by the spunsor. a special permit is required.
3. Consumption of alcohol on the Academic Podium or in the area of tlic rclectiiig pool by individuals ls governed by the City of Alb'rnv

unless a special permit is obtained).

C. CAMPUS CENTER JURISDICTION

t.TheCan  " - ~-
iptrs Ccntcr jurlSdICiIOH lnLludes the Campus Center Building, formal gardens. Cortimcncclneni Matt, Perfori ring Arts Center gardens. Library garden. and tilt: Campus Lake
2- The use and manner of use of alcoholic beverages for it function requires the prior written approval of the Director of Campus Life. or designee.
3. Alcoholic beverages for consumption within the Campus Center Building will he provided only by U.A.S.
4- Alcoholic beverages at other locations under Campus Center jurisdiction may be provided by either U.A.S. or the function sponsor - the manner to be determined by the Director of
Campus Life. or dcsigncc. I
5.

The consumption of alcohol outside the Campus Center Building is governed by the City of Albany Opcir Container Ordinance (“IliL'll prohibits such use

obtained). unless a Special Permit is

D. PHYSICAL EDUCATION COMPLEX

i.ThePh." ‘ ‘ w ' ' ‘ ' '
ySlLﬂl Education Complex conststs of the Physical lzdircation Center and II” athletic arid recreational fields ttnd areas for which it has \cliedulin
the rectangular fields to the East Of Dutch Quadrangle and West of Indian Quadrangle bcrwccn ( otiuncrrcement Day and tire first day of the Fall Semester
2_ T . s; ' s u s r s ' ' ' I ., , ‘ . , ' ‘ ' ‘
he presence of alcoholic bLVcragcs is Imutcd to those functions approved (in writing) in advance by the Director of Physical thieation Atlilcctics ‘tllsi Recre'tiiuti (PEAR) d '
. . . . . ~ . or esigiiec.

3‘ Alcoholic beverages for functions in the Physical Education Coinle may be provided only by U.A.S. or the

or designcc' function sponsor- the IllilllllL‘l' to be determined by the Director of PEAR

4. If alcohol is provided by U.A.S. or a charge is maric by the sponsor. ii special permit is required.

5. Consumption of alcoholic beverages outside the Physical IitlilL‘iliitili building is governed by the City of Albany Open (‘aniiniici ()Itliil'liiL‘L‘

irsc unless itspeciul permit is obtained). “"l"” “W (“I lilllils (“hich prohibits such

E. DRAPE R COMPLEX

I. This Complex consists of llttwlcy Library. Draper. Ilus'tcd. Richardson, Milne, anti the Page littll Auditorium attd (iynt.
2. The use of alcoholic beverages iii the (‘otuplcs requires Ilre prior written approval of the appropriate Dean itt conjunction stitli the Dori Illu\\ll Campus Administrator.
3. Alcoholic beverages may only be provided by U.A.S. or the function sponsor. the manner to be determined by the appropriate Dealt iii conjunction \iith the Downtown t'
4. If alcohol is provided by U.A.S. or a charge is made by the sponsor. a special permit is required.

- 5. Alcoholic consumption by ititli\itltials outside the buildings is gm crned by the ('in of Albany ()pcn Container ()rtiiuattc: i\\Ill\‘Il pioliibits such use rinlcss a special permit is obtained)

l‘. MOHAWK CAMPUS ' I l I

L. The Mohawk Campus includes all btriltiings and grounds operated by U.A.S. at the location.

3. Administration of this policy is the rcspombility of the Director of the Mohawk Campus.

3. Alcohol maybe provided by U.A.S. or the function sponsor. The function sponsor may provide the alcohol only with the pei'iriissioii of the Director of the Mohawk Catitpus.

4. If alcohol is provided by U.A.S. or sold by the function sponsor a special permit is required - the manner of service to be determined by the Director of the Mohawk Campus.

5, Consumption of “bring your own" alcoholic beverages by individuals is permitted except at approved group functions for which permission to provide alcohol on ll group basis has been
granted bytite Director.

G. DIPPIKILL AND GLEN HOUSE
l- Camp Dippikiil Includes the Glen House. other structures and all grounds owned and operated by the Student Association and or U A S i ii I
‘ - - . . . in rat octttion.
2. Administration of this policy is the responsibility of tlic Director of those properties.

3' All alcohol will be "bring your own". None can be sold by any organiziition.

H. OTHER SPACES AND LOCATIONS
All campus spaces and location: not otherwise defined in the previous section: shall be regulated and administered by the Office of the Vice President for Univcnlty Affairl

Open CorIainer Ordinance (which prohibits such use

g responsibility. The Complex includes

.unptis Administrator

 

 

 

 

.r
It The boundaries of State. Colonial. Indian and Dutch Quadrangles are defined by the first paved roadway or sidewall adjacent to the quadrangle. Additionally. Indian
and Dutch Quadrangles include the playing fields iriimctliately to the West rind East respectively during the academic year. ('iuinneiiciiig with Graduation Day and continuing until
ll“. m" owning or me academic W”, “H. above referenced playing fields fall under jurisdiction of the Division of Physical Education. Athletics. and Recreation tl’liAR) for
purposes of this policy. I
C. Ilic boundaries of Alumni Quadrangle are defined by the cstetroi city shit-nails encotiipassiitg lire L'illil|1ll\.
:: ti facilities on tire quadrattglcs used for iron-resilience purposes are catered tirttlcr lite Acaiietuic I’mliurn section.
t- Alcoholic bcvctttgc functions conducted outside the buildings require and open container permit if iltcv occur in the (‘in of Albany.
i‘. AH)’ alcohol fiiitctlori occurrittg'ivitlrirr tlie quadrangle boundaries cart-red by U.A.S. or line lot which admission is charged bv the function sponsor requires it special pumliL _
Iii
'  ~'  -w~“~*.’.-~*- v“  « ‘i
I I I I ll ,
r . .
t t '4 'I ' V

 

   

qu—Wnuuu.

i“.

 

     

 

 

