  
  
   

qu-n '. '

%.;_~

.. '2 x. a.
h-..,-~.~m~

p

:w...‘ “ *..;;,;;_;.;.

. >‘ :3"

. -, 7.r rgc 

 
 

 

"9,65"th 9r. summit.

Can 

‘ ’ hey drink. They 'breakdance. They

enioy singing and listening to music.

They simply adored their special .
screening of Snow White and The Seven
Dworues. They belch; they "ﬂash". They
must. to be totally credible. also swear In their
own. unique way (honestly. director Joe
Dante wouldn't be foolish enough to admit
such a major detail)- but the curious movie:
goer willnever know for certain. They raisevail I
kinds of hell. and if It weren't for sunlight they . '
would get away with It and eventually rule the '
world. They are gremlins. nasty little creations
of the imaginative and talented Chris Walas.
and they are. ironically. the only characters In

Joe Dante’s Gremlins that seem to matter.

Mark Latino

 

 

Symbolically. gremlins represent the dark.

side of human nature. They are ugly. Wart

hogs and cockroaches‘ are breathtakinglyi
beautiful by comparison. The gremlin body. in'

fact. appears to be finely glossed with a double;
coat of mucous. Even their mother. who In
this case is a small. adorable. furry E.T. called
a "mogwai." would admit “You guys are
damned uglyl"

Actually. a drop of water on the cute
mogwai creates other cute mogwals. which is
not a big problem. it's “feeding them after mld-
night." as the warning says. that will kill you
every time. .

it's also lmportarit to remember. however.
that evil. smelly gremlins produce other evll.,
smelly gremlins simply by getting wet. HowI
boring. Perhaps the- decadent gremlins arei
releasing repressed sexual energy. Basically
the fun-loving vermin get thier lollies byi
creating dangerous. frollcsome havoc. "fixtng"'
automobiles and appliances and entangling a

dog In Christmas lights. for example. without
any social or moral conscience. They belch.
slurp. and spill their booze freely. and make .
themselves to home without invitation. Thus.
the gremlins represent desire and reality: an

 

   

 

   

 

 

desire to use water to mass-produce his son's
Christmas present and market It as the "Peltzer
pet." Additionally. the Intended protagantst
Billy Peltzer immediately takes one of Gizmo's
mischievious children to a science teacher for
observation. and forgets to tell him that food
and midnight are a no-no. Of course. the

 

Individual's natural inclination to be destruc-
tive (“We got to hit somethingl")when he is
upset. but is held back by mores the gremlins
don'thave.

Obviously. If the gremlins represent man's
bad side. then their predecessor. the mogwai
Gizmo, symbolizes man's ETish good side.'
Gizmo is the character you cheer for. go
“awwwww...” when it does something
undeniably cute: singing. giggling. and learn-
lng to drive. Gizmo is the character you fear
for the most. go “ohhhh...” when a naughty
gremlin beats It up and throws It against the
walirGlzmo is the only character the audience
could possibly'care for. for he Is. Ironically. the
only being in the film that Is touchingly
human. essentially good. The mogwai is sur-
rounded by people who wish to exploit It. Mr.
Peltzer (Hoyt Axton). inventor of useless pro-
ducts ior a screwed-up world. expresses a

'characters mind whenever he utters his

'Galllgan performs capably as Billy. a young

 

ravenous mogwai grabs a sandwich that the
teacher leaves well within it's sandwich- '
grabbing range. Then the fun really startsl
All of the person-characters in Gremlins are ;
inconsequential. They are mere tools for the
real good guy. Gizmo, and ,the nasty an-
tagonists. the gremlins (who make JR. Ewing
look like Mother Theresa). to strut their stuff.
Hoyt Axton plays Billy's father like a country
singer with a used-car dealers pitch. He rushes
through his lines. Thoughts of “Let me hurry
up and finish what i got to say so i can see
what those little critters do" seem to occupy his

dialogue. which Is simple and realistic. Zach
man with a rather unique problem; trying to

win a girl's heart while struggling to conquer
those damn gremlins. Billy does establish.

 fKVieQ From The Aisle ‘

Make Balloon "Animals?

iii Ir-

ach Gall/gun and Phoebe Cotes star as the gremlln-crossed [otters of Joe Dante's horror-comedy, Gremlins.

“person—characters." which is still a rather
pathetic position to be in. Oh. he'll have a few
great "Kids. those gremlins were mean sons-a-
bltches" stories to tell his children, but one of
those glamorous tales will not be "How l Sav-.
ed All Humanity By......" which Is very disap-
pointing considering the traumatic life he leads
for a little more than two hours. Phoebe
Cates. who plays Billy's girlfriend Kate. and
Zach make a cute couple. but there Is an
absence of romantic interplay between them
because they spend the majority of their
celluloid lives chasing, or ﬂeeing from. the in-
sensitive gremlins. who just don't know what
it's like to be “In love". There Is no time for Bil- _
ly and Kate to exchange romantic. breezy
dialogue. make "goo-goo eyes" at each other.
or even squeeze In that one long romantic
kiss. Therefore. thoughts like "Sure i want the
gremlins to die. but will Billy get the girl?"
never bother the audience during the gremlins
two-hour rampage.

Joe Dante aspires to amuse and frighten his
audience while providing them with a '
philosophical outlook on the grim side of _'

 

himself as the least insignificant of the

 

 
 

 

human‘nature. This creative task sounds lm~ :

 

  
   

1984

possibly Herculean for a very good reason -
the chore ls impossibly Herculean. Thus. on
'the whole. Gremlins Is a vaguely unsatisfying
experience. There is far too little bloody gore
to satisfy the Juvenile Friday the 13th crowd,
and the abundant comedy does not mix well
with the horror. On numerous occasions. the
audience finds itself laughing during scenes
that are obviously intended to be gruesome
and frightening. ’

Dante could have vastly Improved the con‘
slstency of his film in one of three ways: ad-
ding more of the suspense and "scare the au-
dience into petrlflcation’I elements and
decreasing the number of slapstick comedy in‘
stances (most of which are provided by Mr
Peltzer's spastic inventions). or toning down
the horror which often doubles as uproarlous-
but sadistic humor. or allowing producer
Steven Spielberg to direct the movie (hey.
Joe. It's only a suggestion).

Gremlins. it seems, Is a very good movie for
people looking for mindless fun. but only
modestly fair for those willing to think about
what they've seen. D

 

 
 

 

  
  
 
 
 
  
  

 

 

  
 
 
   
 
 

‘WE
0693899
QWEWEWB

ﬂllii '
L'Jilllb’é‘tillﬂ'liié
VIE iffZILlL Willi}

lit/WE Willy militia

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

   

   
 
  

  
    
    
   
  
   
    
      
   

 

 

I -'not-Ior~protlt corporation. A lingio Issue Is published for the summer use
all- '

 

 

 

EDITORIAL '
Taking control

C from Lynbrook or Penn Yan — it's a huge university
center with tall pillars that look like they're from a bad vision
in a Greek deli.

And from the first minute you step on campus. you feel in-
timidatcd.

The new city will scare you. Classes will probably frighten
you and. of course. professors will try as hard as they can to
intimidate you.

Because of all this anxiety building. it's easy (and quite
common) to pull into a shell and disappear from the world
for a few years. Many college students drag through their
four years of education like turtles. crawling through the
halls of academia and sticking their heads out only for a cx-
am or ii beer.

There’s much more available at college than just classes
and bars. Not abstract activities to do because they look
good on a resume. but actions to keep control of things that
effect your life.

ollcgc is a very scary place.

.SUMMER STAFF

EDITOR IN CHIEF
Patricia Mitchell
EXECUTIVE EDITOR
Wayne Peereboom
MANAGING EDITORS
Jerry Campione

David L.L. Laskin

NEWS EDITOR

Heidi Graiia

ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITORS
Jane Anderson ’
Jim O'Sulllvan

SPORTS EDITORS

Marc Berman

Keith Marder

ASPECTS EDITOR

John Keenan

BOOKS EDITOR

Tom Kacandes

EDITORIAL PAGE EDITOR
Edward Relnes
CONTRIBUTING EDITORS
Dean Betz

Steve Fox

Mark Gesner

Debra Judge

Gail Merrell

Anthony Sliber

Mr. Trendsetter

EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS
Alicia Cimbora '

Joe Fusco

STAFF WRITERS

'Beth Brinser, Johanna Clancy. Michelle Kreii. Mark
Latino .

BUSINESS MANAGER

Judy Toret

ASSOCIATE BUSINESS MANAGER
Lynn Saravis

PRODUCTION
Eileen Keats

PHOTOGRAPHY
University Photo Service

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Enli" content! copyright © 10“ Albany Student Prou Corporation. all[
"ﬂirts "served.

The Albany Student Press ll published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. an Independent

Editorials are written by the Editor in Chlei with members at the Editorial
Board: policy to subject to review by the Editorial Board. Columns are written
I3V members of the university community and do not necessarily represent
[editorial policy. Advertising policy does not necessarily rsiloot editorial
policy.
- Malling Mdieu:
Albany Student Press. CC 329
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(513) 45186923322133“

 

 

 

 

This is the'only issue
of the ASP for the
summer. Regular
publication will resume

L in September.

 

When you don't like what's happening around here. don't
be intimidated because you just got started here. You've got
as much right as anyone else to be heard and be happy.

it's not all that hard. it can start by taking an active In-
tcrcst in how you are educated. Major academic decisions on
this campus -— usually made by the University Senate_— in-
cludc a signiﬁcant number of elected student representatives.
and students in many departments have at least some say in
how they are educated.

it means taking an active interest in how you live. Student
activities on this campus are largely run by by the Student
Association. which doles out the $1 million raised annuallyin
student activity i‘ccs. SA is run by volunteers and represen-
madc up ol‘ students appointed by the students.

Also. the campus' food service. University Auxiliary Scr-
viccs. is run by u corporation with a majority of its board
made tip of students elected by the students.

SA and otlicr groups also work to involve students in im-
portant decisions madc by the university administration.

 
 

ranging from the essential bus service to academic freedom.

It means registering to vote. so you can have a say in the »
actions of governments in the towns we live in. Part of Dutch
Quad and all of tndlsn Quad are In the town of Ouilderland.
and the rest of the campus Is in the city of Albany. Most off-
campus students live in the city. *

Local governments run our new hometowns. and. that
means our police. city services. housing and security regula-
tions. Thcy armour tie to our new communities.

It means keeping an ear open to the student organizations
that represent us to the State Legislature. You'll soon learn
that the quality of a State University education is closely
related to the political mood of the Capitol. With the state
constantly warning of tightening purscstrings. everyone is
needed to make sure SUNY's not a victim of Ill-planned
budget cuts.

Overall. it means not being intimidated by the new
authority figures you'll find. No matter where you turn from
now on. there's a whole list of people you'll have to answer
to —- professors. RAs. employers. bill collectors.

Hang strong. You've got a right to have a say in what hap-
pcns in your life, and the place to start is here and now.

Wouldn't it be a shame if all you got out of college was it
diploma?

 

LETTERS

Student voting

To 'l'lic Editor.

During tlic '84 annual Student Association of State
University's membership confcrcncc. many issues wore plac-
cd on tlic ugciida for the 84-85 year. The most important
campaign for us this coming ycar will be voter registration
and voter turnout. This hccomcs especially important since
this your is n presidential election year.

There are trinity rcasons why so much effort will be placed
on getting out the student vote. It is important for SASU to
complete the circle and bccomc a strong representative force
for students. We must prove our activism by a strong voter
turnout. Once a large pcrccntagc of the student body. across
the state turn out to vote. our threats will have a vital base.

,With nearly all of the students expressing their opinions
with legislation. or the responses of legislators. it becomes
apparent that the student voicc must be heard. The right to
vote is one given to us in order to secure adequate representa-
tion, and with the trend moving away from low cost SUNY-
cducation and the abuse of students' rights. it is easy to see
the need for a strong student representation at the polls.

With SASU building its credibility throughout the
legislature. it is vital that the students that SASU represents,
show that we are a voting block ready to mobilize a campaign
concerning students issucs. Oncc election time rolls around.
the legislators will be quite aware of our presence. and
therefore of our rights.

—Nlthonlcl Chorny
SUN YA SASU Delegale

More fees

To the Editor:

Fees. fces everywhere and no money to pay for them. This
is a common dilemma here at SUNY Albany. Every time we
turn around there is another fcc being proposed. Since the
summer began. we’ve had to try to combat a damage fee. in

which on-cuinpus students may be required to pay a $25
damage “deposit.” This “deposit would be used to pay for
(itlllliigL‘S in the “common areas" (lounges). Our main objec-
tion to this ice lies in the assumption that students are pro-
lltitliv‘cd “guilty by association." in oihcr words. the
students would be required to pay for supposed damage
before it occurs. The for: would also mean that many students
wuld be paying for damages that they themselves had
nothing to do with. How could this fee ever be fair?

\Vc must also not let ourselves forget about the infamous
cvcr-prcscnt. ominous threat of the bus fee. The bus fee is
scltcdulcd to go into effch this sutnmcr. This fee contains an
obvious incquity; the students who will pay the brunt of the
fee will be ofl'vcanipus students. Not to mention that this fee
is totally unnecessary. Student Association has been fighting
this fee for yctirsl

Prcscntiy thcrc is a new ice on the agenda — it's
the. . .sthletlc fee. This fee would eliminate student control
of athletics, while jeopardizing many of our athletic pro-
grams as they exist today. especially women’s sports. The
athletic fee would put us on our way to being a Division l
school. While this may seem like an attractive idea to some.
there are many drawbacks. Emphasis at SUNY-Albany will
be shifted from scholarship to athletic prowess. from diversi-
ty to favoritism, from a well-rounded athletic program that
serves all the students. to a program in which mcn's football
and basketball rule the gym and all its funds.

in any event. if all these fees become a reality (and there
are many other fees waiting in the wings for us) we will end
up paying more in fees than tuitionl Just a side note. fees are
not covered by financial aid or TAP.

it is a very big coincidence that most fees are proposed
and/or implemented during the summer, when most students
have gone home. This is a sad commentary since students are
unable to "fight back" while they are home for the summer.

Students must take a more active role in their education.
and seriously question how their money is being spent. We
can't allow ourselves to be priced out of an education.

——-Suzy Auletla
SA Vice President

 

UP lRREﬁRx‘i‘iﬁBiE
DRIIIIGNG liliBiio Iii
iiiE ﬁrst Pitcai-

 

 

  

  

 
  
  
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

  

