  
  

  

 

    
   
   
  
  
   
  

      
 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Local

  "*LOo-k At

French Letter v
‘ Bound And Determined

by John Keenan

 

oes everybody out there remember the story of
“The Little Engine That Could?" Big hill, little

‘~ train engine, and about eight pages of “I think I
can, I think I can, I think I _can,” before the little guy ac.
tually did crest the hill?

Well, French Letter thinks they can, too. And after
seeing them live, it’s hard to believe they won’t.

Right now, the band is trying hard to get a showcase
down in New York, with hopes of attracting attention
from some major record labels. The most notable aspect
of the band was the business-like way they seem to be
going about doing it. This band wants to be a national
act. And that is one big hill to climb.

‘ ﬁ .

and listen to it,- that makes us happy. We don’t need
any pagan token,” he finishes, grinning.
The band has been playing together for about Me
years. French Letter was formed by Ralph, Dave and
. Buck in November of 1982, and the trio was joined by
drummer Gene Sennes nine months later.
"Now, we're just primarily working on the sound
and trying to get something going," Box relates.
When asked about the club scene in Albany, Box sar-
castically replied, "What clubs? There aren't any clubs
in Albany. That’s why we’re going down to New York
City.“
‘ "Five years ago this was a great showcase town,"
Malen added quietly.

lC

     
 

     

L0cal Rock

Not Just Another Fish Band

by Sanford T. Burke, Esq.

 

 

". . .have all been cheap," Malen cuts in. grinning,

"Well, they've all been very positive. They seem to
be into it. We're hoping when we get down to New
York that we’ll be able to expose ourselves to a greater

,

mass of people as far as publicity, and what they like,
and we'll be able to really refine the sound,” Box
finishes.

"We’re hoping," Shachne adds, "to do. . .we haVe
enough material for probably two LP’s and we'd like to
do that, but until we release the single, get some in-
terest in us, we’re not gonna make 'em. Because with a
record, that has nine to ten songs on it, the band would
really want to do a good job. That means being in the
studio for a month or something, and we just don't

 

Ralph Box has seen better performances.
At least, to hear him tell it. But although the
sound system at 288 Lark was troublesome
throughout French Letter’s first set last.
Tuesday, and although Box came off the
stage livid at the way the problems were in-
terfering with the performance, French Let-
ter was impressive enough so that when the
first set ended, the most overriding question '
in my mind was why a group this good
hadn't cut an album yet.

Live, French Letter is an experience,
especially Box's posturing vocals; although
he‘s an incredibly kinetic performer, the
multitudinous movements blend into one
'dynamic persona. David Shachne, lead
guitarist, 'adds his vocals to Box’s on
numerous occasions, always an excellent ef-
fect, and bassist Buck Malen also adds his
voice from time to time, producing an
Albany rarity; a harmonizing band. Drum-
mer Gene Sennes was unfortunately
obscured for most of the performance by a
large ladder placed onstage so that Box
could climb or dangle from it while singing.

 

  

want to do that by ourselves.”

When asked about other bands in the
area, French Letter mentioned Blotto as be-
ing ’fvery supportive; real positive; Sarge’s
-Roll Call has always been real positive
about us.”

As for the other bands, Malen was quick
to jump. "I think that there's a lot of talent
in Albany. Whether it's theatrical talent or
‘ musical talent, there’s a lot of people around
, that're doing it, and there's not enough
places for them to expose themselves.”

“Our style is certainly cramped by the
situation," Shachne admitted, adding “what
about bands that never made it as far as
playing out just because there’s no place to
do it, and they can't get into this club (158
Lark)."

“And besides that," Malen added, “we're
awfully commercial for being an original
I band, so it’s a lot easier for us to sell around
here. I mean, we could probably play
September’s, if we won the guy over," ltt'
finishes with a wry smile. "But try to get a
band like Capitle or the Plaguo in there.

 

 

The band’s repertoire of about thirty songs,
which included “For You," "Bound and

and Determined," and "The Dark Side," (no relation to
the Beaver Brown tune currently being overplayed on
most mainstream stations) are, as was mentioned
before, amazingly strong for a band that hasn't gone to
vinyl yet (at least, not in LP form).

However, French Letter is not actually a complete
stranger to vinyl, with one cut on the Live At 288 LP
and plans for a single. But when asked about the
possibility of releasing a full-length LP, Box said the
band was more interested in putting out “a small piece
of vinyl," something that wouldn't cost too much, and
seeing" if we can get some national recognition from
the record companies.”

"The invastment of an LP without someone behind
us,” Dave Shackne added, “would be real chancy, I
would think.”

“We don't need to do it for our glory," Buck Malen
added, “or for our ego. Only if somebody's willing to

 

pay for it. We don’t want to pay for it. We can play it

"Five years ago," Box continued, "J.B. Scott's and
Hullabaloo’s and the Palace were rocking, and Proctor’s
was rocking this town crazy. Now it's a Very scarce hap-
pening when any kind of national rock act comes
through Albany. And one of the things, y'know, when
we started two years ago J.B. Scott's and Hullabaloo
were still in existence, and we were playing the
Hullabaloo and trying to get into J.B. Scott's and all of a
sudden everything sort of folded up around us. So we
realized that the only thing to go towards was New
York City...it's the closest thing, and it’s the most
amount of exposure at a national level."

When asked how they saw their chances of landing
enough backing in New York to press a record, Box
answered, "Well, we've been getting a positive
response from down in New York, you know, I mean,
talk is cheap, as they say, but the people who have been
talking about us and have been listening to our
tapes. . 

Shachne said.

 

' y'know, and watch the guy flip. There's a
.lot of bands around like that who are really
good. We don't play that kind of music, but lht'ic arc
bands around that are doing this that are really
worthwhile.“

"Gene, whaddya think?" Ralph asked.

"Some good songwriters,” Sennes replied.

"They‘re not supported very well either," Mali'n t|)ll'
tinued. "even by the people who like them. They do
things like, people who're doing things at, like, HM.
when they do hardcore parties and bring in a lI'W
bands, there's really no supporters. The only way that
music can pyramid and become something is when peo-
Plc are Willing to support what they’re listening to. To
build it up. And it's not happening; Albany's showing a
very lackadaisical attitude toward the whole thing."

"CDB has been really great,” Box stated.

“The only radio station my mom lets me listen to,"
Buck added.

"Some of the guys up there are so supportive,"

l l

 

 

 

 

t.

 

   
 

lbany used to have a great local music scene.

Time was -— not more than three years ago
— when you could go out on a Friday night and
ave to argue about which band you would see. Even if
ou went by yourself — depending on how many per-
onalities you were suffering from at the time.
That was before some kids not satisfied with ripping
uarters out of the video games torched J.B. Scott's,
iefore the Chateau decided the money just wasn’t there
nd before half-a-dozen smaller venues simply stopped
coking shows.
About that same time members of some top-flight
mat bands — case in point Fear of Strangers — suf~
I Brad from rock-and-roll malaise and went their
eparate ways.
But things happen sometimes that gives a lover of
nusic that isn’t canned or crap cause to hope. The area
as still maintained a strong musical underground and
nnovative musical events like the all-age matinee
hows at the eba Chapter House have been keeping the
pirit alive.
The summer Rok Against Reaganomix benefits and
ubsequent free concert in Washington Park are some
fthese causes of hope. This past summer's program
erved as the spawning ground of a new band that's
'eveloped a strong underground following.
Anyone who crashed through the front door of
tank's in a drunken stupor is familiar with the name —
ilgore Trout is graffitied over nearly every wall in the
ar. .
The rumor is that this graffitti is written by vestal
irgins "shown the way" by members of the band.
ey show their dedication by scribbling the band's
tame in beer gardens everywhere. The graffitti is
Funding, and has already been witnessed as far away
5 just to the right side of the urinal in the Ale House in
“my.
I The band is one of the clearest illustrations of the
‘cnce-lhriving, still-surviving Albany music scene.

It ‘ I

 

' I got in touch with the band through their road
manager, and they gave me the address of the Troy
ariartment they were rehearsing in.

 lrecognized the address. A studio apartnwnl near the
Nile-Lite News on Fourth Street, which was one of the
glaccs where boys peddling ass would .ang out before
tit/U whores robbed and suffc a guy on i5lh Street
titmonth-aml-a‘half ago and u...- cops cracked down.

i lblopped in at the apartment on evening last week. it
til/as a full moon. It took several rings of the bell before i
apt any action. Behind the opened door was Wayne
Peereboom, bass(lhey pronounce it with a short A, like
 small-mouth lake variety) player and manager‘of
tlje band.
 Seated behind their instruments were drummer Mike
M055 and guitarist Justin (a professional name he also
uses on his freelance graphic art). Lead guitarist Rick
err had already left the place to go to his job selling
irtv IiidH-llines to old men at an all-night newsstand in
Albany,

 

 

 
  

   
  

 

 

   

l

 
 

Carr, Peereboom and Justin "were jamming and
somehow we decided to form a band," said the rhythm
guitarist.

Deciding exactly what that band would be would
take some time, but the promise of gigs at the Rok
Against Reaganomix benefits pushed them to get it
.Jgether.

“We went through‘ a lot of concepts and a lot of
names," said Peereboom. "We decided to move to
obscure covers and originals -— no one was looking for-
ward to going out and being another cover band.

Tentative names —— including Alpha Project, Back
Streets,‘Usurp Potatos and Casket of Squiggly Maggots
— were tossed around before Kilgore Trout popped up
at a band meeting.

The name comes from a Kurt Vonnegut character,
most notable in Breakfast of Champions. In that novel,
he's a pulp science-fiction writing working out of a
Cohoes basement.

"We all read Vonnegut, and someone said ’Kilgore
Trout.’ It was the first name everyone said ’yeah’ to
immediately.

Wrote/a
Iraq

That came at the same time the drummerless band
found the affable Moss and began to develop the pro-
duct. Peereboom said, "That's when we made the deci-
sion not just to be a cover band — to be out of the
ordinary.”

"But not pretentious,” shot back Moss.

"Definitely not mainstream,” answvri-d the bassist.

a . .

Unlike many new bands which complain of not
enough bookings, "Things have been falling in place
pretty well," said Peereboom.

The band began to pratice several nights a week and
purchased sound equipnwnt. to addition to a benefit
show at Bogie's, Trout played the park concert, parties
in Albany and Troy and a recent show at the Half
Moon Cafe on Madison Avenue in Albany.

The band anticipates playing opening acts for several
established local bands in the next several months.

They'll also be featured at a campus rally at SUNYA
for Mondale that Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan will
be bellowing at.

"We don’t want to get too close to the politics of it
all, but it’s a good chance to get some publicity and . . .
that fucking Reagan," Peereboom growled, nearly snap-
ping off the neck of his bass.

"In the meantime, we're trying to build up the
name,” he said. . .

What the music sounds like depends who you ask.
"It's extreme righto-leftist rock-and-roll," said Justin.

Peereboom claimed the music "is such normal rock-
and-roll it’s difficult to explain. We just come straight
ahead." .

That difference in opinion of what the Kilgore Trout
sound is, even among band members, is a key to the
sound.

One thing they do agree on is that, in Justin's words,
“It’s music we want to hear when we go out, but don’t.
We want to please ourselves."

"There are so many new trends -- techno, new
wave, punk, neo-psychedelica, heavy metal — we're
trying not to get stuck in one of the categories. Listeners
are getting sick of being pushed from trend to trend,”
Peereboom said.

"We're a band for the 805,” he said.

"And the 905 if we make it," added Justin.

C . Q

"Bands usually focus on one person or a writing
team, but with us everyone has input," he explained.

"It's four individuals making one band," said Moss.

“Each of us choose very different covers ar d write
very different originals, " said Peereboom. "I like to pick
new bands like the Violent Fernmes, REM — contem-
porary stuff. My originals are dark, moody; they’re the
least happy of all. What would you call them ——
weird?"

Justin likes "traditional" rock —~ Chuck Berry, Stones,
Kinks, British invasion. "I'm writing some reggae," he
said.

Moss is just writing his first song, but he leans toward
"funky" covers. “I’m not coming from a funky point of
view. it just balances out the other music," he said.

The sound is newly-formed but has matured, Justin
claims. "We used to have a garage sound, but we got
out of that and now have.a viable band sound."

. A 1

Drugs aren't a topic the band likes to talk about.
"Everyone in the. hand does what they want to. We
believe in individual choice and tolerance," said
Peereboom.

"Suffice to say we've all been through it and come
out different ways", he said.

"You got any?” asked Justin.

As for the Trout afficianados —— who dub
themselves "Fishheads" and pack into Kilgore Trout
performances shouting ob5curc epithets from Von-
negut, telling jokes about doing something "on por-
poise,” exclaiming “Oh Codl" and 'waving copies of
Venus on the Half Shell, a cheap SF paperback written
under the Trout name — Peereboom said, "They're sick
and demented and we love them for it. " .]

 

. .yﬂiJ‘ag‘Q-mti‘ﬁﬁ'ﬂ u  ...~.:..i....a.w 1.1. 1.11.: c m. a...»

Si...

   

Raincoat

 
  
  
 

 

  

 

 

    

 

 

  
 

