 

 

. u -u-a..,.c_—. _

   

 

 

. H‘s-h.

  

By
Alicia Verleger

he University Art Gallery’s latest ex~

hibit, “New York images: New

Directions" offers an interesting sam~
ple of the latest trend in the New York art
scene — Narrative Art. The artists in this ex~
hibit present their individual views of the
world as a method of dealing with the confu-
sion and pain they experience in the modern
world.

As‘one steps off the stairs onto the second
level of the Gallery, one is immediately con-
fronted by the dark, isolated images of Peter
Drake’s sanded ink drawings. The figures
seem to move through their worlds without
hope or purpose.

Past these stark black and white images
are the works of Dominic Cretara, whose
rich, colorful, traditionally realistic style of
painting, along with touches of Baroque

r.  m’aes‘dirwmr "r " V
WM H * =‘".~t., 2‘ .- - x '

 

drama, such as the light falling on the subject

 

‘ l

he: . :1 v
‘ ‘ Eaﬁr

 

tr an EG)-~
_. x, . .

‘8) 501"!

 

 

  
 

 

   

Diaspora And New

of “Raising of Lazapus," makes his common
people in common settings take on definite
spiritual qualities. His use of impermanent
materials, such as oil painting on paper, ems
phasizes the artist’s powerlessness against the
inﬂuences of the outside world. Yocheved
Weinfeld follows with her collage of robbed
portrayals of famous artistic subjects' figures.
The figures give off a feeling of intense suf-
fering and humiliation making one question
the beauty of beauty. The use of images
from famous works of art, provides the
viewer with conflicting concepts of creation
and destruction.

The paintings of Katie Thamer are filled
with fairy-tale settings and the use of ii-
lumination conveys mystical feelings in the
figures. it seems as if migration on the se-
cond level of the gallery wavers between

 

Weinfled's and Thamer's paintings.

i . l

 
   
  
 

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
    
  
   

    

photos by Lisa Simmr)ns~UPS

York converge

Joni Wehrli rounds out the exhibit with
her acrylic on wood panels which borrow a
lot from 14th century ltalian Renaissance
iconography. New meaning is brought to
well-known religious stories by replacing
dogs with saints. The dog in "Rescue of St.
Barbara" conveys innocence more than any
saintly image ever could. it also makes one
question the difference between man and his
best friend.

The works in the exhibit were chosen by
its curators, Corinna Ripps and Jason
Stewart, from the Alternative Museum’s
slide library in New York City. This
museum is a non-profit organization which
serves to develop artists Who have not
entered the commercial market. Most have
other means of support.

“Arts of Endornment: Contemporary
Wearable Art from Africa and the Diaspora"

 

includes jewelry, clothing, costumes, head-
dresses and masks by artists from Afro and
Afro-American cultures. Particularly striking
was the intricate jewelry of brass, copper
and beads and the wax-resistant dresses of
Nike Olaniyi Twins Seven-Seven, co-wite of
a Nigerian chief. "Blue‘Black Boo-Boo” in»
corporated imagery from Yoruba myth.

The photography of Roland Freeman is
also something unique. He fully captures the
light in his subjects. "Saturday afternoon," a
portrait of a mother and her two children, is
an outstanding photograph. Other
photographers on display are Corcvn Simp-
son, Quassia Tukutu, Anthony Barbozn and
Marilyn Mance.

Both floors compose an exhibition not in
be missed. if you know where the Fine Arts
building is, there is no excuse for missing thr-
exhilerating experienceof cultural divvrsily

Shakespeare At The PAC’ 5 Fall Opening

UNYA's Performing Arts

Center opened their 1984 fall

season with a ﬂourish this past
weekend with their revival of the past
summer’s production, Such Stuff As
Dreams ‘Are Made OET'he play hadn‘t
lost any of the dazzle' it possessed in
August, and it's strong cast made it a
particularly fine choice to kick off the
fall season.

 

John Keenan

 

The cast of the production included
Kathleen Donahue, Tina Krimmer,
Leesa Markbreiter, M. Susan Peck,
William Salamann, Christopher Vec-
chiarello, and director William A.
Leone. The play, composed entirely
of Shakespearean dialogues, sonnets,
songs, and soliio‘quiesl'was divided.
into two acts'; the ﬁrst, “Lover‘s and

 

 

Fool's, a lighthearted romp through
such material as Romeo and
Iuliet,(without the balcony scene - l
was awedl) and The Taming Of The
Shrew: the second, a collection of
more sombre material, largely solilo-
quies, entitled "Crowns and
Farewells," and featuring bits from
Macbeth, Antony and Cleopatra, and
Henry IV. The entire production was
framed with an intriguing montage
composed of, among other things, a
scene from Twelfth Night and Sonnet
XXlV.

The highlight ofActl was the Tam<
ing of the Shrew sequence, handled
admirably and professionally by
William Salzmann and Leesa
Markbreiter. The infamous (and often
done) "Kate" scene was replayed
here,~and iftit wasn't the best i'd eve-“r
Jeen.ttieircene.‘done..1twastivsimidi
humorous enough to qualify as one of

 

the better. Leesa Markbreiter's por-
trayal of Kate was excellent and
Salzmann's mocking, arrogant, but
essentially turned-on Petruchio setthe
standard for a number of following
characterizations —— Prince Hal and
Claudio the most major — with which
he proved himself one of the best ac~
tors in the ensemble.

Other highlights in the first act in-
cluded Chris Vecchiarello and
Kathleen Donahue's performance of
the dance in Romeo and Juliet. Direc‘
tor Leone made excellent use of the
ensemble here, as he and Salzmann —
shadowed in the background with the
rest of the cast — intoned Romeo’s
asides, which Vecchiarello, perfect in
his dryvmouthed delivery as the pale
and trembling Romeo, gave the
spoken lines. Also effectively pleas~
ing were the loversonnets' which end-
ed off the first act.

 

 

 

The second act opened on a darker
note, the audience being informed
right away that the' time for fun dlltl
frolic was over. "Crowns and
Farewells" which centered around a
large ornate crown that the characters
passed between one another was
both more sombre and, theatrically
fuller than the first act, a more enm-
tionally satisfying presentation of
Shakespeare’s works.

Kathleen Donahue, although fine as
luliet, was amazing in the second act,
both as Lady Macbeth, planning the
murder of Duncan, and as the show's
one soloist.

Overall, the production was an ex-
cellent one, surprisingly professional

‘for this early in the season. Students

are advised to watch for the PAC
,dramadepartment's' next productro.
The E‘urnenldes, due in October.

here were you on the night oh.
Thursday, September 20th?

 

 

  
  

 

 

A! has lle Tomlin. And

Reiner. That this triumverate meld:

so well together in the same motion picture

I

All of Me, bodes well for those in search of a

good old-fashioned comedy.

’ A'comedy W.

‘ teve Martin has finally hit his stride.
Carl

 
 
 
 
  
 
  

 

Ian Spelling

 

All of Me is the story of one Roger Cobb
(Steve Martin), a._38 year-old lawyer whose

secret ambition is1 to be a jazz musician. Un-

fortunately, life’s realities rear their ugly

heads, and idealism shifts to survival. 50

Roger endeavors to marry the boss’s

daughter, drop his musical interests, and

straighten out his life.

Simultaneously, Edwina Cutwater (Lily
Tomlin) is attempting to straighten out her
death. She’s rich, spiteful, and a lifelong in-
valid who believes she can - purchase
anything, including immortality. To carry
this out, Edwina employs a Far Eastern
Swami (Richard Libertini) to transmigrate
her soul into that of her stablehand's_
daughter (Victoria Tennant). .

This odd couple's lives cross paths when-
Roger receives orders to revise Edwina’s will
in order to leave her fortune to her soon to
be occupied new body. Suffice to say Roger
and Edwina less than hit it off. And when
Edwina kicks the bucket, her swami literally
follows suit. The bowl containing Edwina's
soul plummets out a window, landing
squarely on the head of none other than
Roger Cobb. ‘

Roger comes to, hearing a strange voice
within, and comments that his fillings must
be picking up General Hospital. No such
luck. Edwina and Roger are now two of a
kind. She controls the right side of his body;
he maintains possession of his left.

The remaining two-thirds of this
outrageously funny farce Completes a plausi-
ble storyline. Roger and Edwina ultimately
learn to tolerate, cooperate, and appreciate
each other. .

All of Me ought to exorcise Martin from
the box office poison label he inherited after
the commercial failures of Dead Men Don't
Wear Plaid, Pennies From Heaven, and The
Man With Two Brains. Though last year's
disastrous Lonely Guy nearly put the last

 

  

in the new film Martin undoubtedly gives
his best performance. Although Tomlin's
spirit is within him, it is Martin who must
flesh out the roles physically. And no one is
better at physical comedy than Steve
Martin.

Take for instance, the scene in which
Roger is asleep on a couch. Edwina's half
rises first and attempts to gently awaken
Roger. Watching Martin’s feminine right

 

nail in his coffin, Martin has recovered.

hand lightly slapping his own face while the

A Thin line Between
Geniuses And Maniacs

Watching TV? Studying? Play-
ing Trivial Pursuit? Shame, shame,
shame. The real action was (where
else?) at 288 Lark where the totally_
unclassifiable 10,000 Maniacs rocked
a packed crowd. With quality live
music becoming more and more ofa
rarity, it was a real thrill to see top-
notch musicians going at it full tilt —
ten feet away from your face — right
here in Albany!

. Tom Kacandes

The band came on ateleven and the
crowd warmed up to them right away.
The Maniacs played a very tight first
set giving their own special touch to
songs drawn from styles as diverse as
reggae and English folk music. A big
part of that touch comes from lead
vocalist Natalie Merchant. Somehow
she vaguely reminds me of the singer
in Liquid Sky. More to the point to say
that she has the most interesting and
impressive vocal style l've heard
since i first listened to the very young
Billy idol back in the good old pre-
MTV days of Generation X. i don’t
think Merchant is in any danger of
selling out the way he did.

Onstage, Merchant danced and
swung about as one possessed. Her

 

 

mote overseas sales of the album.

and play clubs enough. it’s been a

makes up for the songs lyrical con‘

tent, which was evidently notthe main '
point. Not to say that she doesn’t belt '

good stuffon occasion. The song Grey
Victory appeared on their album
Secrets ofthe lChing.

"There was light and atomic fis~
sion/swelling wind/rising ash/ tide of
black rain/cement seared shadow
traces/reminiscent of their last
commands." '

There’s a tremendous honesty and
affection in the way 10,000 Maniacs
approach their material and it blew
me away. Theirs was the best live
show l've seen in three years.

 

, manipulated the hand.

   
 

  

“2‘ TWO Sides ‘. ‘-

     
 
  
 
  

   
  
   

sac!

rest of him remains motionless ellicits gales
of laughter. You’d swear someone else

Perhaps Martin’s shining moment occurs
as he defends his womanizing boss in court.
During testimony Roger falls asleep, leaving
Edwina to cover for him. She mimicks his
voice and mannerisms as best she can.
Generally, though, she dashes any hopes
Roger had of climbing the corporate ladder.
After realizing how bad a case she made Ed-
wina summons Roger in Tomlin's inimitable,

    
   

I’m very happ

:edy of 1984.

 

  

 
 
  

 
 

«yummy tlntitiaMttinnot
Tomlin, goirqthroudi the motion tries
one’limldnation

Tomlin makes.th most of a relatively

Tomlin is visible only as Martin glances in
minors. But her presence can be felt

of the dual role. Tomlin superbly develops
Edwina's disembodied spirit. Her growth
' lies, again, in Martin’s blending of the
characters. Even subtle variations in Tomlin’s
.tone' of voice complement Edwina’s matur-
‘ing process. Despite a lack of screen time
Tomlin deftly inhabits Martin’s disinclined
counterpart.

Also at the forefront of All of Me’s suc-
cess are Carl Reiner and Richard Libertini.
Reiner previously guided Martin in The.
lerk, Dead Men Don’t Wear Plaid, and The
Man With Two Brains. Not only' does
Reiner induce Martin's finest performance
here, he has, for the first time, built a
showcase of a movie. Martin's the star, but
he need not carry the burden of an entire
film; Reiner has assembled a large and
capable ensemble cast to support him.

Reiner knows movies and makes them
with a love for the art. 50 what if it's not
commercial? So what if no one sees it? if in
the past, when Reiner directed a picture, you
went in understanding that you will love it
or hate it -— no middle ground existed. This
is why his collaborations with Martin are hit
or miss affairs. Their common vision either
hits you as funny or it hits you over the
'head, like a bad hangover.

Reiner demonstrates a new found adap-
tability with All of Me. His film proves
inside-joke-funny and quite commercial, but
,maintains that special Reiner intimacy.

Richard Libertini steals the show once
ayin by upstaging the stars. His eclectic
cameos have enlightened Best Friends, The
In-Laws, and Unfaithftu Yours. in All of
‘Me, Libertini's swami Prahka Lasa handles
the ensuing lunacy in his own patented way.
Libertini's reactions catch you completely
off guard. And only he could get away with
pulling off the same stunt a second time to
even better results.

All of you should enjoy All of Me. And

‘most of you will agree that All of Me is the

funniest, wittiest, and most enjoyable com-
E]

y here, but

Albany is not home for me
it is death. It’s a place where

I’m out free and s

pinning about,

spinning towards the abyss, loving
every

minute of it. I think

every one should

find a death they’re happy with

smallrole.0neethelivlngl3dwinabowsout'

throughout thanks to Martin's interpretation ,

   
   
  
   
    

    
  

 
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
     

  
   
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
    
  
  
    
 
   
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
 

  
     
 
 

  
  
 
 

  
   
     
     

   
  
    
      
  
     
   
    
    
  
 

 

 

 

in between sets i talked with Sarge
Blotto and Dennis Drew, the Maniacs'
keyboardist. Drew told us that Thurs-
day night was the first time the band
had played together since returning
to the States the Friday before from a
Io-day tour through .England to pro-

"i think a lot of bands don’t go out

week since we've played, butwe jam-
med constantly fora month before that
and things sound pretty tighttonight." .
Sarge and l nodded assent. After
Drew left he leaned over to tell me,
"Damn, these guys are really good. i
mean, really good.” *

 

strength vocally is her phrasing which .

i know, Sarge, i know. Cl

and then actively pursue it. It’s such
an important thing in one’s life, so I
wonder, why leave it to chance?

Phillip Cawse

 
 
  
 
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  

 
 

   

