,.........- . ,..-...— us... .. .tv..»—t.-q-uv~.

 

Sam Stratton
Democrat .

.3

‘J .. ‘M r

Democratic Party Congressional incum-
bent Sam Stratton said that he would, if
re—eiected, maintain the present level of
federal student aid, but that the current
high federal deﬁcit would'keep him from
increasing aid for students.

“i wouldn’t want to out anything. What
we need to do is maintain the present level.
Some ﬁnancial aid was added back in after
Reagan cut it, but the federal deﬁcit keeps
us from raising the level of student aid any
further,” he said.

Stratton also said that he believes any
legislation promoting a 21-year old drink-
ing age should be handled on a state level,
but that he would not attempt to override
the recently passed federal law that will
decrease highway funding for states which
do not raise their drinking age to 21 within
two years.

The Equal Rights Amendment has Strat-
ton’s full support, he said, stressing that he
“voted for it every time."

Stratton, however, said he does not sup-
port a mutually veriﬁable nuclear freeze,
because "it couldn't be veriﬁed."

The Freeze, one answer to the escalating
nuclear arms race between the USSR and

the USA, calls for a halt to the testing,
production, and deployment of nuclear
weapons by the superpowers. '

“Without on-site inspections, which the
Russians have vetoed," Stratton explain-

0N6RESSIONALRACE

ed. “there is no way to be sure" if a coun-
try is complying with a nuclear freeze.
Stratton said that he supported legisla-
tion for a stronger federal superfund.
which would provide money to clean up
toxic waste dumps. He said that he sees a
'need to proceed with this legislation “right
away." .
Stratton’s experience includes 13 con-
secutive terms in Congress, and he served
as mayor of Schenectady from 1955-1958.
As the third ranking member of the House
Armed Services Committee, Stratton
chairs the Procurement and Military
Nuclear Systems Subcommittee and is
recognized as a leading congressional
spokesperson on defense matters.
President Reagan appointed Stratton to
the US. delegation to the 2nd special ses-
sion of the UN General Assembly on
Disarmament. A graduate of Harvard
University, Stratton is married, with ﬁve
children and two grandchildren and resides
in Schenectady. Cl

Frank Wicks
Republican

.  UPS
Republican Congressional candidate
Frank Wicks said he would favor increases
in ﬁnancial aid for students, and that he
believes that a 21-year old drinking age
should be instituted.
“No one," Wicks said, “should be
denied the ability to get a college education
because of (ﬁnancial) hardship."

Wicks said that “i believe in the 21-year
old drinking age," adding, “1 am concern-
ed about the high risk of accidents"
associated with drunk driving.

Maintaining that he supports the Equal
Rights Amendment, Wicks said he would
want it to become part of the Federal con-
stitution. Wick also said he thought a New
York State ERA should be adopted. “I
believe it's (ERA) a right and don't see any
merits in the arguments against it,” he
said.

During a phone interview, Wicks also
pledged his support for a nuclear freeze. A
nuclear freeze would halt the production,
testing, and deployment of nuclear
weapons by the US and the USSR.

Wicks emphasized that the funds for the
clean-up of toxic waste should come from
the corporations producing the substances.

“They created the wastes and they are .

still doing this,” he said, adding that he
would support a federal superfund to
clean-up dump sites.

A Nuclear Engineering professor at
Renselear Polytechnic institute. Wicks
said, ."l've done a substantial amount of
consulting in the area of. . . energy
policy." He said he has worked for the
US. Department of Energy, the state
Energy Research, and Development
Authority, and the Library of Congress.

Although he has not served in any
elected or appointed government posi-
tions, Wicks said he worked on an ad-
visory committee on relations between the
state and the lEU 301 local in Schenectady
in 1972, and he also worked on the suc-
cessful Dan Button for Congress campaign

Richard Ariza
Sociallst Worker’s Party

Richard Ariza. the Socialist worker,
Party contender for Albany's congrcs.
sional seat, said he favors taking money
from the military budget to provide
tuition-free education.

Ariza, who said the Socialist Worker's
Party is in favor of tuition-free cdtlcation,
asserted that he would support an increase
in federal ﬁnancial aid to students.

He also said he is opposed to the idea
that raising the drinking age would stop
drunk driving, calling the the v jusl
another example of alienation in society."

“It (raising the drinking age) is an ex.
cuse to not really deal with the problem of
alcoholism,” he said.

Ariza said that he has marched in favor
of the Equal Rights Amendment in. New
York City and in Washington, DC. The
Socialist Worker’s Party has been involved
in organizing for the ERA. he added.

Emphasizing that he opposes a mutually
veriﬁable nuclear freeze, he reported in-
stead that he would propose a “fraternal
relationship" between the United States
and the Soviet Union.

Ariza said he would support a federal

superfund ﬁnanced completely by taxing
corporations for the clean-up of toxic
waste dumps.
‘ The Socialist Worker’s Party supports
afﬁrmative action and the use of quotasin
education and employement, as well. in
addition to supporting the Equal Rights
Amendment and legalized abortion, the
party is also opposed to forced
sterilization.

A shortened work week, with no cut in
pay, and the extension of low-interest
credit to family farmers are other issues
the party supports.

Ariza, who attended SUNYA front 1968
to 1970, is a member of Amalgamated
Clothing and Textile Workers Local
1714T. He said he has been a SlCCl\l'0kal',
a railroad worker, and a member of the
editorial staff of the socialist, Spanish-
language magazine, Perspective Mluldial.

[T1

Hurts ASSEMBLY RACE. ‘

Paul Silverstein
Republican

Republican challenger for New York
State Assembly Paul Silverstcin opposes
raising the drinking age to 21 , but is willing
to accept a SUNY tuition hike.

According to Silverstcin. drunk driving
laws need to be made stricter, with stiffer
penalties and greater enforcement. “18-19
year olds arrested for DWl should
automatically have their licesnes revoked,
without any conditions or plea bargain-
ing," he said. *

He also said he would oppose any at-
tempts to repeal the mandatory seat belt
law, explaining that “the discomfort of a
seat belt is slight when you compare (it) to
the injuries or deaths caused by
accidents." .

Silverstcin said he supports an Equal
Rights Amendment, and that he believes
women should receive the same pay as men
for equal work.

Explainingwhy he supports abortion
rights, Silverstcin said, “The responsibility
for individuals to control their actions
must not be taken away by legislation."

The rising costs of a college education
should lie controlled by increasing federal
aid, S erstein stated. However federal aid
woul be out of his jurisdiction as a State

bly member. .

He declined to comment SUNY Cen-
tral’s holdings in corporations who do

‘business in South Africa. Student leaders

have called for divestment of those
business interests because ofthat country's
racially discriminatory policies.
Silverstcin said he would not support
state legislation to force a SUNY move to

r Division 1 college athletics. A proposal to

effect that change failed at the last SUNY
Board of Trustees meeting after students
voiced much opposition.

Neither students nor taxpayers should
be forced to pay extra money for Division
1 sports, he said, adding, “1 would ask
whether revenues earned from the pro-
gram could support the assumed debt of
public and private monies."

Silverstcin said he has experience in the
city, state. and federal levels of govern-
ment. At the city level he ran the Youth
Conversation Corps in Albany in 1976. On
the state level. he served as a budget
analyst for the Department of Motor
Vehicles from 1977 to 1981. He also served
as a presidential intern in the Carter ad-
ministration in 1979.

Richard Conno s
Democrat

ups
Richard J. Connors (D) is running for
re-election to the State Assembly. He is a
believer in “local option," meaning that
the separate powers of federal, state, and
local governments must be kept distinct.
That explains why Conners said he
would not support any bill which forced
communities to place voting booths on col-
lege campuses in New York. “Cir-
cumstances on this campus might be en-
tirely different (from) circumstances in
Hudson Valley. Brockport, Stony Brook,
wherever," he said.

f‘nnm‘rn h it. however su
rights of studlents to vote, in we‘lltggllg:

sctorr‘;munltlles.i voting as early as 1980 to
rl e exc us onary provisio
state's election low. M from the

..._...‘_._-~...W;Ww~w._m ..._..._, ,.. . .

alcohol from 19 to 21 because it came only
a year after New York raised the drinking
age from 18 to 19. “it was a SCCUlltl nltnl-
date in too short a time," he cxpluincd-

As far as SUNY tuition is collt't‘lllt'dl
Conners said he supports incrcllm only
when the state cannot pick up un)‘ l‘lmil‘l”
slack in the SUNY budget. “Cum 00”
stantly grow irrespectively (017 MW 1100'
ple say that the costs or the inl'l.lli~n‘-tr.\‘
rate or anything is."

“1’” do everything I can (to hold down
tuition cxp‘enses)," he promised. adding
that he received a Distinguished Scrvlt‘e
Award from SUNY a few weeks at!“

Conners said he would support a SUNY
move to Division 1 sports even though the
SUNY Board of Trustees voted down 9
similar proposal a few weeks ago.

He voted in favor of a state Equal
Rights Amendment in 1984, and said. “1
believe in comparitive pay too."

Conners also said he would support a
motion calling on SUNY Central to sell its
holdings in companies that do business In
South Africa.

Conners said that he would Work ‘0
repeal the recently passed Mandatory Seal
Belt Law. He added that his of ﬁce received
over 400 calls when the bill was belns
voted on. and all of them were in 09PM"
tion to the law. ,

Conners received degrees from Universi-
ty at Buffalo and Siena College, and “’35
appointed as the ﬁrst chair of ll"?
Veteran's Affairs standing committee. D

 

 

 

An Impartial Report

Also:

Country

True West

The Lumpcn I’rolcs
Kztplnn At l’roct‘or’s

A Talc Of Horror
by Judith Johnson

Sherwin

 

