 
   

 

 

 

 

 

By Lisa Mirabella.
srm wan-sit

~While SUNYA’s S_/U' grading system
has passed the test of time by existingfor
over adecade in it’s'present form, student
leaders and'ladministratlon ofﬁcials are
still'exploring ways'ot‘ improving it.

Mike Miller. Chair of Central Council's
Academic Affairs committee plans to pro-
pose a bill to the Undergraduate Academic
Council (UAC) of the University Senate
that weould keep the records of student’s
requests for S/U grading strictly between

 stars, :1 ms

rakeAswwgicesecrettromprcressors

 
 

 

it iéi'léts. .'

the registrar and the student.

Presently. faculty members access to a
list of which students in their classes have
opted for S/U grading. Miller said. “A
faculty member may consciously or un-
consciously discriminate against those
students, even if it's by not giving a full
commentary when grading papers or ex-
ams." he explained.

Miller said his committee is.working on
several speciﬁc cases involving possible
discrimination of this kind. '

Dean of Undergraduate Studies Harry

Pass/fail grading relected on other campirses

Pullman, WA.

(COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE) Pass/fail-

grading systems have failed, and students
who have a chance to use them generally
reject them, according to a survey of over
1600 colleges using the pass/f ail system.

Dr. . C. Jams Quann, registrar at
Washington State University and author
of the survey, said students do worse when
they're given pass/fail grades instead of
letter grades. .

“Many institutions are beginning to
realize students perform on a lower level
with pass/ fail systems." he says.
“Students come to class late. skip classes,
don't. do assignments and hold other
students back. Performance is below par
in many cases."

Quann sees the system as a vestige of the
more experimental sixties and early
seventies.

Even so, “only a small percentage of
schools that initiated pass/ fail options
abandoned them altogether on the theory
that if you give the students something, it
hurts to take it away." Quann added.

Northwest Missouri State University,
for example, changed its pass/fail system
in 1979, letting students use it in a max-
imum of nine’ credit hours.

  

0' Maonshine
' Napoleon
o Sunkissed Chocolate
0 Irish Cream '
' HOMEMHDE ICE CREHM MﬁDE FROM 'FR

“it’s not overused anymore." reports
Regristrar Linda Girard. “People were
taking advantage of it: using it for hard
major classes and GED requirements.
Faculty is much-happier now."

Quann’s own Washington State still of-
fers pass/fail options. but only seven per-
cent of the student body uses it.

Some schools, of course, remain
devotees of the system.

“Faculty instituted this system to en-
courage learning for the sake of learning,
instead of 'a competitive environment,"
reports Nancy Pascal, associate registrar at
the University of California — Santa
Cruz. '

“Students like this environment and the
freedom to test things more than under a
traditional system," she claims. “Faculty
is committed (to it) despite the enormous
task of written evaluations."

Quann said he believes more schools are
moving away from pass/fail systems.
however. if only because grading fashions
change from time to time.

Pass/fail systems were common in the
19th Century, until they were supplanted
by numerical grading practices, he explain-
ed. Symbols and letters later appeared to
summarize numerical groupings. l3

' Amaretto

PURE CREHM. SUGHR. NFiTUR
[NOTHING ESE!

 

 

phonczloBZ -O931

 

NOW DELIVERING to all campus 

quads-pints. quarts. half gallons ‘
plus toppings - Deliveries'after 9PM,
Sunday thru Thursday- Order by 9.

  

flint? ll 1 misﬁt /

lee Creame

Hamilton said he is not aware of the cases.
but added, “1 can only belelve students
when they say that this is their experience.
and if it is," then records of who is taking
a course S/U “should be between the
registrar and the student.” 1

The S/U (satisfactory. unsatisfactory).
or “pass/fail" grading system was
adopted by the University in 1969, when
all freshman took a full year of courses
S/U. That was expanded in 1970 to include
both freshman and sophomore years, and
lasted until 1973. when students began to
have difﬁculty gaining admissions, first to
tnedical school. and then to other profes-
sional schools, according to Associate
Dean for Undergraduate Studies. Leonard
Lapinski.

By 1974 the University’s present policy

I of allowing 15 S/U graded credits toward

an undergraduate degree was established.
Of those 15 credits, a maximum of six
credits may be in 3 students major or
minor or combination.

Last spring, Hamilton proposed a bill to
the UAC to eliminate student's option of
six S/U graded credits in their major. He
said. “The rationale for pass/fail goes
back to the 1970’s, that a student will not
explore new subjects if they will be in com-
petition with majors in the subjects."
However, Hamilton stated, “You are not
exploring in your major."

A department or a particular program
may now make an exception to the S/U
grading policy and require a student ma-
joring in that subject to take a specific
course A-E, with the approval of the Cur—
riculum Committee of the UAC as a result
of Hamilton's bill.

Miller said his committee is studying the
S/U grading policy in conjunction with a
study on undergraduate advisement. He
said the options of S/U grading and hav-
ing the chance to drop a course after
midterms “protect the students."

ice cream made the Old-fashioned way '

We feature 24 ﬂavors! Our exquisite ﬂavors include:
0 Chocolate Trufﬂe

 

 

“Students are not given‘proper advise.
ment" Miller contends, and as a result
“they're locked into situations" which are
-not fair. He added,' “Students go into
classes blind. and as long as that exists it
behooves the University to keep an S/U
policy, in order to compensate for that."

Robert Gibson, Director for the Center
For Undergraduate Education (CUE). said
“ifa student is going into a course blind. it

ﬂ

Records of who is
taking a course 8/ U
“should be, between
the registrar and the

student. ”

—Harry Hamilton

 

0 Cappucino

0 Marzipan

0 Maple Maple Walnut
' Vanilla Bean

ESH WHOLE EGGS END
FiL FLﬁVORINGS 6ND

is clearly their own. fault."

He listed several steps students can take
before enrolling in a course to makc sure
that they don’t get “locked in.”

“There are brochures with course
descriptions put out by most departments;
they can sit in on a course before enroll-
ing," which he said most professors allow.
an he added. “they can look at the Student
Evaluations of the course from previous
semesters.” These evaluations are compil-
ed by institutional Research and are tirade
available to students in CUE.

    
       
     
         
     

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

Serving Cones. Sundaes. Splits,
Sodas. Floats. Shakes, Melts, Egg Creams,
soft drinks. and now. homebaked Belgian

affles and Brownies. our imported Dutch
Cocoa. Espresso, Cappucino and ﬁmerican
Coffee, regular and Herbal Teas. and hot

 

NEW in DﬁHLIH'S back room!
TRlVlﬁL PURSUIT and
MONOPOLY- From 1 PM
to closing, Thursday thru
Sunday- From 6PM to closing,
Monday thru Wednesday.
Everyone welcome.

       
      
    
    
     

 

 

 

 

858 Madison ﬁve. between Ontarto and Partridge Streets ﬁlbqn
Hours: OPEN Thurs. thru Sun. at NOON. Mon. thru Wed. at 4:45 PM. um" 11 pM

Sun. thru Thurs/until 1 HM Fri. and Sat.

| Fill our products are under the. supervisionof the ﬁlbany Vaad LiaKashruth _|

 

    
   
 
      

 

 

 

i
, .
i

.. Macaw.

 

New 

By Michelle Busher
STAFFWRITER

The new chair of the African
and Afro-American" Studies

department, Vivian Gordon,_ said 1

she believes her department can
help end racial discrimination.

The courses have traditionally”

attracted mostly Black students,
and Gordon wants to make them
more appealling to other
students. “i‘m not going to
design courses to attract white
students," she said. "(but) by in-
creasing the quality of courses to
compete with their liberal arts
counterparts i hope to attract
serious students.”

“By demanding academic
rigor." said Gordon. “students
will see that i'm about serious
business.” ,

Gordon, a former sociology
professor and Afro-American
Studies chair at the University of
Virginia has some new ideas in
store for the department’s
curriculum.

“Black studies is not just for
Blacks." she said. "if we are go-
ing to have cultural pluralism,
people from different cultures
must know about each other.”

“People in professions like

 

be able to give better service if
they understand the people that
they work with." said Gordon. ’

However, for the courses to

have the greatest impact. Gordon

said, “Each person 'must unders-
tand his or her own hostilities and
be honest with themselves."
“The college community usual-
ly resents any new discipline that
strays from the traditional classic
education." said Gordon. “Afro-
American Studies developed on
white campuses in the early 60's
at the time of many protest
movements. The general attitude
about this program has come out

.of its history of turmoil."

“New opportunities arise when
there is a change of leadership,"
said John Webb, dean of the Col-
lege of Social and Behavioral
Sciences.

“We had an acting chair of the
department last year and. i think
we were just waiting for the new
chairperson ‘ to arrive and get
things moving. She's the person
that can do it,” Webb said.

He explained that Gordon has
“a strong background from an
academic point of View. She has
set high standards for the depart-

'research on black America, Gor-

 

 

ideas for developing the graduate
and undergraduate program."
Stressing the need for more

don said she would like the pro-
gram to focus strongly on
research, particularly in the area
of graduate studies. “The only
way to accomplish this.” she said,
“is through the department and
(by) a fundamental committment
by its faculty."

Gordon has done much
research in the past, including a
study which took atypical middle
class American town and reported
the changes in the values of its
residents over time.

She included the value system
of black Americans in her study,
making up for what she called a
“sin of ommission” on the part
of previous researchers.

Gordon. the author of several
books, said she was attracted to
Albany, because she “wanted to
experience a different student
body and to specialize in the
sociology of black America. At
the University of Virginia 1 also
taught traditional sociology
courses. i wanted to commit more
time to black American studies."

991031? Kalil“. '3 A1?”

 

  
    

Chair 01 Aim-American Studies Vivian Gordon

aos HANBMANN uas

 

teachers, doctors and lawyers will

ment and  she has many new

D “Black studies is not just

for blacks. "

Student reps. ‘ecstatic’ over coUrt ruling on voting

Student leaders are “ecstatic” over a
U.S. District Court’s ruling last Wednes-
day that gave New York State students the
right to vote in their college communities.

Judge Neal P. McCurn threw out parts
of the state's constitution and election law
in his ruling on Auerbach vs. Kinley.

“SA and SASU are basicaly ecstatic,"
said Student Association of the State
University Executive Vice President Stuart
Friedman. “SASU has done a lot of
litigating," said Friedman. “We put a lot
of time, money and effort into this." he
said, “and i feel it’s a positive step for-
ward for student rights."

New York Public interest Research
Group Chair Karen McMahon said the
decision “was a tremendous victory for
student rights," and called it, “the most
important ruling for NY. State students
since the passing of the 26th amendment,"
which lowered the voting age to 18.

SUNYA students won a preliminary in—
junction in October 1980, allowing them
the right to vote in Albany. The judge’s
decision last week, permanently ensures
that all New York State college students
can vote in their campus communities.

“SUNYA’s Student Association (SA)

“I think we’ll see a
tremendous number
of students voting in
this election. This is

the first national ~
election where
students could vote at
SUN Y .”

~—El‘rem Kann

originally ﬁled suit against the elections
commission in 1979," said SA President
Rich Schaffer. After SUNYA's SA won
the preliminary injunction in 1980, SASU
ﬁled the suit on behalf of the entire state.

“i think that shows the power and
leadership of SUNYA‘s Student Associa-
tion throughout the state,” said Schaffer.

“The main poin in this suit," said
NYPlRG project coordinator at SUNYA
Efrem Kann, “is the elections commission
was demanding special criterian for
students to vote, just like they used to do
to Blacks."

The court said local election commis-
sioners could not force students to give
more information than any other citizen
had to give, and outlawed special residency
requirements for students.

While “the average American changes
residency approximately once every three
years," Karin said, "students live in their
campus communities for four years of
their lives except for a few months in the
summer.”

“Politicians are afraid that students will
vote as a block," McMahon said. adding
that she however disagrees with this. “i
think there is a lot of diversity between

 

 

 

 

students. 1 can never tell if they will vote
conservative or more progressively,” said
McMahon.

“Politicians have to realize that students
make up a large part of their consituentcy
and." Kann said. noting, “they (students)
are fairly united (only) on issues such as
financial aid. tuition increases and other
issues that students care about.”

McMahan said she thinks the student
turnout will be higher at the polls during
the upcoming election. “The court ruling
made it easier for students to vote at
school  instead of getting an absentee
ballot." McMahon asserted.

“We’re not forcing students to vote
here." said Schaffer. “We're just em-
phasizing the positive aspects of it.”

“A lot of freshmen don't understand
the importance of voting at school." said
Schaffer. “Once they're sophomores and
juniors they will realize what their vote can

do."

"i've heard students refer to their vote
as a ‘wasted vote’," said Schaffer. “Once
local ofﬁcials start taking students more
seriously students will realize that their
vote can have an impact."

“We (NYPlRG) registered 4060.000
students across the state," said Friedman,
adding. “a lot of students were already
registered."

“1 think we'll see a tremendous number
of students voting in this election," said
Kann. “This is the ﬁrst national election
where students could vote at SUNYA.

When SUNYA's SA won the temporary
injunction to vote in Albany in October of
1980, it was too close to election day for
local ofﬁcials to arrange polling places for
students. As a result, SUNYA students
didn’t vote in Albany until 1981.

—Mlchelie Busher 

 

By Bette Dzamba
STAFF WRITER

SUNYA students, especially seniors,
wondering where they fit into the "real
world" will be able to discuss future job
interests with representatives from 30
different companies and institutions at
Career Day, this Wednesday from l0
am. to 4 pm. in the Campus Center
Ballroom.

The event. co—sponsored by Delta
Sigma Pi Fraternity and University
Auxilliay Services (UAS), will be similar
to a college fair. according to Shari
Morgenstern. co-chair of the Delta
Sigma Pi Career Day planning
committee.

“More companies than ever before
are coming.” said co-chair Marc
Rosawald. “This year should be more
well-rounded. We have representatives
from accounting ﬁrms. the armed ser-
vices, education, retail, and 'com-
puters," Rosenwald explained.

He named AT&T, Bell Labs, Con.
Ed., GeneralElectric, iBM and the FBi
as some of the large organizations to be
represented.

 

in addition, according to.

Thirty companies to discuss job
prospects at SUNYA Career Day

Morgenstern, agents from retail firms
such as Abraham and Straus. .l.C. Pen-
ny and Jordan Marsh will be available.
as will representatives from insurance
agencies, some of the state departments
and the New York City Board of
Education.

“Students can ﬁnd out what open-
ings are available and also learn about
the various ﬁrms." Morgenstern ex-
plained. “The event is not recruiting,
it's more informational." she noted. ,

“The representatives set up tables
with brochures and information. They
want to talk to students about their
firms," Morgenstern said. ‘

Rosenwald said that the fair “helps
students to get an idea of the direction
they're going in.”

Representatives of ﬁrms who would
employ biology majors, such as phar-
maceutical companies, would not be
present because "all bio majors are pre-
med anyway," Rosenwald noted.

Delta Sigma Pi has organized and
coordinated the event according to
Morgenstern. UAS will help by serving
brunch to the representatives before'the
actual cventbegins, she said- 

 

 

    
      
 
 
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
   
 
  
   
 
  
  
     
  
  

. .e .m.y-.msm~o¢u

        
    
  
   
  
    
  
  
  
    
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
 
  
   

 

 

 

    
      
   

 

