 

 

 

 

  
   
 
 
  
   
 
    
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
    
   
    
   
  
  
   
    
    
 
     
       
 

 

 

 

      
        
     
    
    
   
   
   
     
  
 
   
  
  
 
   
  
 
  

 

  
 
 
   
 
 
 

_"-?~—_4--_.~_.~

 

 

 

 

 

  The 't‘P'arty’ ’

stood firmly, holding resoluter to the
t _ "ain’t no one going to invade my stan-
_ ding space" principle and basked in the
hazy.‘white pre-concert atmosphere; an om-
nipresent cloud of'whiie, drifting smoke clash-
ed with the glaring white auditorium lights.
Charitaof _’3Roooti" and "Blotto! Blotto! Blot-
tolf' leapEd eagerly into the air. Thousands of
pairs of the. Capital District's most insatiable
ears (a reported 12,000 ear sell-out by the time
Blotto was ready to appearicongregated into
the RPl Field House anticipating a rockin',
melodious feast. l, a grateful New jersey
transfer, was all too naive about the popular
Capital District club band scene (hence, the
perfect, impartial man for the job?) and remain-
ed fully prepared to receive my musical bap:
tism and to give an unbiased band-by~band
review of the concert despite all of the "Blotto
is God" sentiment that dinned loudly within
festive Field House confines.

Mark Latino.

 

 

At

double treat to listen to and to watch. "in
person-nets” did lean McAilister's (you know,
the only member of the groups with long,
long, long hairl) vocals more justice than their
album’s recording did. Richard Kennedy's
voice was smooth and fairly expressive — it all
provided for a pleasant listen. Buy their debut
album if your college funds allow you the
priviiedge. Mange!

The Sharks, an enthusiastically lauded
uptempo rhythm and blues band, succeeded
the Drongos...talk about a vicious change of

 

The highly diversified menu, ranging from a
lively sampling (albeit a disappointingly
meager portion) of the 'Drongo’s pop/new
wave repetoire to a bountiful (a self-
proclaimed 219 pounds worth) morsel of
down-beat blues from "Root Boy Slim" was
bound to satisfy everyone at the very least, at
one time or another, if not simultaneoulsy. Un»
doubtedly, the one aspect of the concert that
the crowd simultaneously did not enjoy were
the obnoxious utterances of their QBK heroes
during the ever-so-forgetful great prize
giveaway. l sincerely hoped that one of the .
lucky "winners" reached that point in his life
where he could appreciate an invigorating per-
sonal ﬂying lesson.

The crowd's musical spirits soared to the
ceiling during the Drongos’ brief opening
tenure. The Drongos, a talented, popular New
Zealand-based quartet are: jean McAllister
(guitar and keyboards), Stan Mitchell (drums),
Richard Kennedy (guitar), and Tony McMaster
(bass). Their instrumentals were always boun-
cy and pleasing to the ear. Especially appealing
was their hit "Don‘t Touch Me” and "Over-
night Bag." The rhythmic guitars accentuated
the fast, danceable beat without the customary
acoustic wailing that tends to, on occasion, vex
the ear drum. Lyrically, the Drongos vacillated
between the nifty/catchy, "if you can't touch
my heart don't touch me" and the painfully
cliched phrases that seemed to be conveniently
inserted into the music for the sole purpose oi
making a rhyme, as in "Eye of the Hurricane,"
"l was drawn like a moth to a flame/They were
looking through the eye of a hurricane."
Honestly, though. who cares? Their clean,
honest looks and their "let's sweat, play music,

 

 

and have a good time" attitude made them a

    

  

Cheese Blotto

pace! Their brass dominated instrumentals,
Seemingly intended to buoy one’s musical
spirit, seemed to transport mine, curiously
enough, far below its Drongo stimulated level.
Why? Well, a few of the Shark-treated tunes
were musically disoriented. During “Arm in
Arm" and “Shock Treatment,” for instance, the
brass chorus: Bob Button (trumpet), Jeff
Roberts (trombone), and Tom D'Ambrose (sax-
ophone), sounded good to the extent that i
know that each band member. at least,
mastered his trombone, saxophone better than
i could. On the other hand, the piercing; jazzy
brass waits on "That Guy She's With" drifted
far away from the bland tempos carried by the
keyboardist, drummer, and guitar. Never-
theless, it was a crowd pleaser (and that is,
ultimately, what counts). Their rendition of
“Shake, Rattle and Roll” was ponderous and
hardly evoked the excitement and energy as
Chuck Berry's original classic did. For the most
part, their lyrics, as in "The Guy She's With,"
for example, "Lips of ruby, eyes of blue, she's
got a boyfriend, too" were overtly banal and
cliched. At least "Tough Guy," an amazing
punch in the biker's arm, and "i Won't Be Hap-
py Till You Hear Me on the Radio," a lively
self-tribute, proved to be welcome respites
from the Sharks’ long, befuddled journey.

Local Music]?

aspecrs warns YOU!

We ﬁ’ﬂﬂrn Reviews
canoe Removers
[Essays
@ﬂceﬂom
Wind], @oecidiomtt Weaving

V er" Been

 

SEPTEMBER 15, 19M

 

 

0

One would have to wonder about Root Boy
Slim’s life long odyssey. Throughout the even-
ing, "psyched" fans chanted “Roooootl” and
“Root! Root! Root!” l was inclined to believe
that Root Boy Slim would dazzle and send his
audience into an uncontrollable frenzy.
However, one look at the man's drunken, 219
pound (he boasted scomfully while lifting his
shirt and pointing to his bare stomach), hairy
frame, the popcorn throwing onto the stage,
and the emphatic “boos” following that band's
performance‘revealed to me that these friendly

 

Bowtie Blotto ‘

"Roots!" were, more than likely, chants of sar-
castic derision.

One subtle glance at this slovenly, amusing
performer would lead one to believe that some
unscrupulous music agent pulled him off of the
grimy Bowery pavement and shoved a
microphone (which Mr. Slim must learn to
hold onto) into his hand.

Basically, Root' Boy Slim wallowed in his
depravity and enjoyed it immensely, rendering
him an amusing sight for eyes stinging from in-
cessant, intense exposure to smoke. Admitted-
ly, his unshaven visage, partially masked by
dark eye glasses, evoked a mysterious "beat-
nik" image that could easily motivate a dank,
smoke-filled atmosphere.

Undoubtedly, the Capital District's King of
the Musically Gifted Vagrants had a few assets
that worked in his favor:

I) As incessantly annoying and absurd his
lyrics were, a person could stay reasonably
happy for hours pondering Slim's song titles,
"Liquor Store Hold Up in Space" and "Mrs.
Paul, Why Don't You Do Me Like Sara Lee?"
(y'gotta like iii).

2) Also distracting the discriminate concert-
goer from Slim's unlimited talentlessness is his
skilled, jazzy, raucous band.

 

@crﬂtl 425%3322. @831 For ,o t? Boo
muemeuue ' . :

 

    
       
    
    

~

‘ A Review

...And now for the moment you've all been
waiting for!

The anxious sell-out crowd of six thousand
plus a few spare hundred (thr08~quarters of
who swarmed over every inch of rink space)
waited impatiently as the technical crew
discarded Root Boy Slim's "props" into a bin or
forgotten memories and dressed the stage for
the long anticipated Blotto show. "What:
taken’em so long?" These four guys; Lee
Harvey Blotto (vocals, drums), Broadway Him.
to (vocals, guitar) Cheese Blotto (vocals, bass)
Sergeant Blotto (vacals, etc.) and Bowtie Elem;
(the thrilled-as-punch vocalist-guitarist from
the Rensselaer Polytechnic institute) are big in
this town: bigger than good pizza, Christy
Brinkley, that guy we affectionately (all Ron
and applauding after a UAS worker drops;
dish. The relationship between Blotto and the
Capital District could be defined as such, "You
make us laugh, we love you." The Blottos are
court jesters you can't take seriously. They
“ham it up” and have too much of a good time.
Making fun of the things that strike them as
stupid: Metal Heads, Mr. james Bonds in-
fallibility (and the stupidity of villians who ab-
solutely refuse to kill him when they can), a
girlfriend’s parents... "it's not you. It's your
family that i can’t stand!" indeed, if you were
to summarize their musical philosophy, it
would be this: "The hell with U2 and their
creative politics, let's eat pizza!” Such a credo
has its drawbacks. As musicians, they’re not
exactly ﬂaming geniuses, but then, their em-
phasis is on humor, not stylish, musical
accompaniment.

Undoubtedly, Blottso's ultra-unserious
music is an acquired taste. While ! couldn't ail
firm that i loathed them, i couldn't say that I.
‘was totally impressed with them, either.
"Metal Head" and "We are the Nowtoncs"
were a riotous good time, especially when
Albany’s clown princes play-acted like care-
free children for their audience. Unfortunate.
iy, "Occupational Hazard" and Blotto's ever~
popular "Goodbye, Mr. Bond" SlTilt'k me as
unfunny, and, therefore (dare i say it), «lull. On
a more positive note, let’s give a hearty four
kazoo salute to Sergeant Blotto for l‘tllng the
head off of a Cabbage Patch doll..,nuu there’s
the ultimate form of rebellion!

As those madmen we call Blotto made their
unfortunate, inevitable exit, lhopcd they were
pleased with themselves; they had put on a
wild, undeniably fun show. Ti-mjmrary
darkness. resurrection of the bright white Lt’ll'
ing lights and the floor emptied tlillt Hy r'o

one would dare drink from the tlmimmls oi
cups that littered the ﬂoor. l stared .5! them.
POHdered RPl's magnificently almrmnable
decision to make the Drongos the Uprnlng JL‘l
(only one quarter of the sellout Crowd, .1 nuns-
ly three thousand ears, saw the best hand the
Fieldhouse had to offer!) and retreated in my

comfortably messy SUNY Albany .rimtlu

 

 

 

 

 

 

SEPTEMBER 18, 19M

 

Summer’s Fil

ithough the summer of 1984 has reach-

ed ita end, the sun is still shining

brightly for the major motion picture
studloe. Neither the Olympic: nor several ex:
pensive box office ﬂops could dampen the
spirits of the accountants in Hollywood.

 

flan Spelling

Pictures such as Rhinestone failed despite
the non-stop publicity surrounding the pair-
ing of Sylvester Stallone and Dolly Parton.
At the other other end of the spectrum was
the highly profitable Revenge of the Nerds.
This low-budget comedy benefited from
positive word of mouth, and even the
Olympics. Apparently 20th Century Fox
was the only major; studio willing to dole out
the cash necessary to warrant air time on the
official network of the 1984 summer games.
Obviously the investment was worth it.

As we head into the fall a fresh new batch
of cinema fare awaits us. Before pictures
such as Falling in Love (DeNiro and Streep),
Give My Regards To Broadstreet (Paul Mc-
Cartney). and All of Me (Steve Martin and
Lily Tomlin) can open, the summer
holdovers must first be nudged from their
slots on theater marquees.

To give an idea of what is still out there
and why, a summary review of each hit
follows. Also acknowledged are some films
no longer playing, whether from running
their course or being outright ﬂops.

Ghostbusters- The Bill Murray show.
Murray fans will have a field day as their
hero fights the supernatural in his own
special way. if his way is not your way, skip
this film. Not even purposely hokey special
effects or the inane Rick Maranis over-
shadow Murray.

Gremlins- Steven Spielberg strikes again. i
honestly don't know why this unsatisfying
film is as popular as it has proven to be. No
tension, no romance (unless you count the
peck on the cheek that the hero gets at the
conclusion), and awful lighting and matteing
add up to a mishmash of horror and comedy
which ultimately neglects to live up to direo
tor joe Dante's high brow expectations, or
ours.

Acting is not included in the Gremlins
vocabulary, Further proof of this is the in-
tense audience reaction to Gizmo, the only
smart character in the entire picture. And
he's not real. Novice screenwriter Chris Col-
umbus cams the boos for this; all human
characters are secondary to the exploits of
Gizmo and the bad guy gremlins.

i could go on dismantling Gremlins for
years, although i won't. One particular
criticism must be brought out; the sheer
commerciality of this film. Even the unatten-
tive movie-goer can catch the E.T. doll in the

 

toy store, the Road Wan'ior poster in the ,

I kid’s room (that film was directed by 0350;?
-Miller, who directed the Gremlin epi e
of Spielberg’s Twilight Zone), the Star Wars
video game in the bar, Spielberg himself
making a cameo via an electronic tricycle,

I

 

 

Clint Eastwood in Tightrope

 

. the dramatic: ﬂoundered,

 

A View Front The Aisle A

s FareWelv   ‘7

 

  
 

  

 

rm nm or ~———-l«-I
H—

'r

i. 

.g‘lq.
\ r.

The grim, futuristic backdrop of Fritz Lang’s Metropolis V

and the sheer brilliance of making the
creature-hero so cute that every child wants
one. And this of course is possible if you
have ten dollars and two upc labels from
boxes of Gremlins cereal.

Star Trek Ill - The Search For Spock-
Leonard Nimoy directed this faithful-to-the-
series space saga. He succeeded by following
the well-wom Star Trek formula: human
dramatic: tempered by humor. Occasionally
resulting in
twisted humor. The scene which best il-

‘lustrates this is the one in which Spock's

father (Mark Lenard) tells Kirk (William
Shatner), "Kirk, i must have your thoughts.
May i join your mind?" At the world
premiere in New York City the audience
howled and Leonard Nimoy cringed

Trekkies obviously forgive andlforget -

quickly as the film earned a quick 75 million
dollar fix before losing its audience.

Purple Rain- Morris Day steals the show
as the egomaniacal nemesis to Prince. His
hip, smart-ass routine forces Prince to ﬂex
his muscles via brilliant live stage
performances.

The vibrant and hypnotic footage of

' Prince strutting his stuff coupled with boom-

ing Dolby Stereo caps an entertaining ex-

perience. And the storyline is not all bad

either, although women will undoubtedly
object to the derogatory treatment of the
women in Purple Rain.

Tightrope- Clint Eastwood is my main
man, and l’m happy to say he’s'in terrific
form here. The film, though, does not quite
peak when or where he does.

As a psychological thriller, Tightrope

  

walks its namesake. Eastwood can’t resist the
prostitutes he encounters while investigati

a series of murders. lt tums out that the killer
is as much a pervert as he; using handcuffs,
,body oil and the like.

When Eastwood falls for the female
counselor of the local rape crisis center the
picture bog down and grinds gears. At the
heart of this is an unbridled lack of cinematic

chemistry and a r performance by
'Genieve Bujold (the boring heroine of
ama).

Director Richard Tuggle would have fared
better had he further paralleled Eastwood’s
home life (he’s a single father with two
young daughters) to his sexual ag-
gressiveness, rather than look for irony in an
idealistic relationship.

Despite its faults, Tightrope is a must see

.for Clint fans. As usual he is steely-eyed and
mean, but Eastwood must act to ﬂesh out the
character of the troubled Wu Block. And he
" does this adrnireably. Seeing Clint smile was

'Others not so fond of BashNood's cop per-
sona, enter at your own risk.

Metropolis- Fritz Lang’s 1926 Sci-ti clasic
has been reconstructed by music pro-
ducer/performer Georgia Moroder at a cost
two million dollars. This is the exciting story
of a man in love with a woman who
'represents the total oppression of the masses
:by the few. The twist here lies in the man's
,effort to find his love. He enters the
'worker’s dismal world, a world where each
i man must test his mettle daily by enduring
lan inhumane shift working the machines
' that run the aristocratic city above. He final-
ly finds his lady fair, though she is no longer
her compassionate self. At this point pure
science fiction story telling takes over as
'several intricate plot twists incorporate
’ themselves into the action.
r The acting sets a standard for its era,
‘although Brigitte Helm’s portrayal of the
' heroine Maria borders on the manic when
' she attempts to ﬂee the zealous scientist who
its using an alter-ego robot of Maria to tame
ithe workers. Moroder’s score helps quite a
.bit, though purists prefer old fashioned
piano accompaniment. The new score can-
lsists of rock music by talents including

rfectl ap ro riate song played once too
'gften), Billy ISqu'ier and Pat Benatar (both of
'whom contribute irrelevant material),
' among others.
i Whatever reasons were behind Moroder’s
project are of no matter. Only the final
Jesuit counts, and that is nothing less than a
.preserved, and improved masterpiece. The
’heat Moroder has gotten for saying he chose
'Metropolis from a collection of relic after
'someone at Paramount suggested he should
salvage a classic is undue him. Fritz Lang was
ahead of his time, and regardless of his

 

motives, so is Moroder.

worth the five dollar admiion price for me. .

.Adam Ant (a good song), Bonnie Tyler (a '

 

  
  

A film as brilliant as Metropolis shows
. just how little the art of motion picture mak-
ing has improved in 50 years. Examine the
Return of the Iedi puppet show 50 years
‘hence and you'll team the meaning of the
:saying "out of sight out of mind."
Metropolis is a must see in any age.

The Karate Kid- All the world really need-
ed was a kiddie Rocky directed by the direc-
tor of Rocky. it's here, it's not bad, and it’s
made expressly for those who enjoy know-

simins

iing the end before the be
| The picture’s saving grace is the
' charismatic rapport between Ralph Maochio

:and Pat Morita, who play the kid and his
' mentor, respectively. l'm not saying he'll
l win (yet), but Morita will undoubtedly earn
an Oscar nomination for best supporting
actor.

in some strange way Karate Kids being so
utterly predictable works in the film's favor
— everything you want to happen dos.

Now its time to take a quick look at the
. summer’s less than successful motion picture
- releases. The Muppets Take Manhattan per-
~ formed adequately, but failed in light of
2 hidt expectations. Cloak and Bayer had the
making of a good film, though these mak-
ing just didn’t turn the trick. Cannoball Run
II was a complete waste of time, talent, and
money. jamie Lee Curtis improves with'each
film, as she showed in Grandview USA.
Randal Kleiser’s (Blue Lagoon, Grease) story
lacked a sense of focus; it was part MTV,
. part comedy, part rights of passage, and part
‘ tear-jerker. One person who will benefit is
Jennifer lason-lreigh. She possesses the best
~ scene in the film. When her husband catches
' her entering her car in scant lingerie he
wonders out loud why she doesn't simply go
'naked. Her reply'i She would, but her ass
sticks to the seat.

Although Rhinestone probably earned its
premature box ofﬁce demise, two other
.films deserve their titles engraved on the
, Hiroshima trophy of all-time worst films.
Bolero featured gorgeous photography by
ljohn Derek. And that was about it. The re-
- mainder of the semi-pomographic Bo Derek
. vehicle requires a word which defines
'godawful to the tenth power.

While Bolero was so laughable it made for
a great audience participation film, the same
can not be said for Sheets of Fire. Streets
wallowed in darknes and boredom, pulling
the audience down with it. Not only did the
, film take itself all too seriously, but it
featured the unceasingly annoying presence
of Rick Moranis doing another turn on his
nerd character..Simply put — l have never
' seen a film i have detested more than Streets

of rm. U . “

There you have it. The whys, hows, and
whos of summer 84. All in all you could say
there was a good place to go if it wasn’t a

 

beach day.

b

 

