 
 
  
 
   
    
    
   

(it.

a. Aspccrs

~ S'éctrum

MUSIC

Nsw York City Cale II

Yuma-v:- (489-8066)

April 27 & 28 Inner Space '
Iogis's (482-9797)
Lark Tavern (463-9779)

April 27 8c 28 John Folby and Rob Mat-
thews

Eighth Step Coffee House
(434-1703)

every Tues nlte—Open stage for
anyone for 15 minutes: every Wed
nite~game night: May 4 Michael
Catalano: May 5 Lorelct

Sitinl'llntp (436-8301)
April 27 8t 28 Fabulous Newports.
Jeannie Smith and the Hurricanes

Palace Theatre

288 Larh (462-9148)
Hallmoon Cale (436-0329)
Shyway (399-4922)
Christopher's Pub (459-7757)
HPI Field House (783-1333)

Pauley's Hotel (463-9082)
April 28 The Jets 10:30

AIIT
New Yorlr State Museum
(474-5842)
The New York Landscape. Poems and
visual responses by writers and artists of
the State University. Until May 20

SUNYA Art Gallery (457-8390)
Master of Fine Arlg Thesis Exhibition.
Opens May 3rd.

The Albany Gallery (i’l82-5374)
19th and 20th Century American
Marine Painters. Butterstvurth.
Jacobsen. Moran, Lever. and others.

Albany Institute of History and
Art (463-4478)
Seventeenth Century Dutch Majolica.

Hudson River School Landscape
Painters. Paintings from the lnstitute's
Collection. People of the Great Peace.

The Hyde Collection (792-1761)
Stelglltz: The Lake George Years.

‘ photography exhibition. Glen Falls.

Schick Art Gallery (584-5000)
David Smith/Dorothy Dehner: Their
Decades of Struggle and fulfillment.
April 19-May 13. ‘

Hall Moon Cale (436-0329)
Guatemalan Clothing and Gabrlcs.
Grand Finale: Sculpture. prints
photography. Works by Larry Kwolel

Hamm / Brlclunan
(463-8322)

Original works in varied media by area
artists. Also fine art jewelry by Lorelei
Hamm. Lori Lawrence: Recent pain-
tings incorporating collage and scratch-
through drawing elements. April
13-May 26. Kenro 120: Black and
White Landscapes. April 13-May 26.

Gallery

Dietel Gallery (274-4440)
Len Becker. Paintings

RPI Gallery (266-6640)

Hamilton Hills Art Center
(346-1262)

Picotte Gallery. College of Saint
Hose (454-5185)
Senior Art Show. April 25-May 3.

Posters Plus Galleries (434-4280)

THEATRE AND DANCE

SUNVA PAC (457-8606)

Foolworks. Student performed.
choreographed and directed. April
27-28. 8 p.m. $4.50 with tax card:
.lohn Brown's Body. By Stephen Vin-

cent Benet. Dramatlzation with choral'

music sung by University Chamber
Singers. April 26-28. 8 p.m.; Bent and
the Son of the Commandments. The
Arena Theatre. April 30 & May 1. 8
p.m.; Emmanuel Borok. violinist.
Findlay Cockrell. pianist. Mozart.
Frank. Debussy. Dvorak. Ravel. April
30. 8 p.m.

Retrospect

 

Proctor's Theatre (382-1083)
Patricia McBride with the Berkshire
Ballet. April 27 8 p.m.; Hello Dolly.
Schenectady Light Opera Company.
May 3-5.8 p.m. Br. May 6. 2 p.m.

Capital Hep (462-4534)

Shidmore College (584-5000. ext.
344) ,

As You Like It. Shakespeare comedy.
April 26-28, May 2-5.

ESIPA (473-3750)

Bob McGrath with the Empire State
Youth Orchestra. April 28 at 2 and 8
p.m.

Albany Civic Theater (462-1297)

Russell Sage College Theater
(465-9916)

Pal Joey. Rogers 8.: Hart musical. April
26-28. May 3-5. 8 p.m.: Troy Music
Arts Spring Concert. Works by Mozart.
Kodaly & others. April 28. 3 p.m. Bush
Memorial Center

Schenectady Civic Playhouse
(382-9051)

Siena College-Fay Campus
Center Theater (783-2527)
One-Act Festival. Student Directed.
April 29-30 & May 1. 8 p.m.

Troy Savings Bank Music Hall
(465-4755)

Anthony & Joseph Paratore. Duo-
pianists. April 28. 8 p.m.

cohoes Music Hall (235-7669)

IIPI Playhouse. (266-6503)
Camelot. April 26-28. 8 p.m. $2.50

Albany lnstiture of History and
Art. (463-4478)

MISCELLANEOUS

Footworks presented by Dance
Council. PAC. April 27-28. 8 pm $4.50
w/tax. $5.50 w/out. More
info—4574523

‘Evelyn Champagne King—In
Concert Page Hall. May 4 at 8 pm
Tickets in CC Lobby. $5 w/tax. $6
w/out

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  

. =  cm: 1- wu‘q'm'rt t‘t
f't . .u il'-A 4 .It 0

   
   

 

 

'Saisa Extravaganza presented by
Fuerza Latina. April 28. CC Ballroom
9-2 am For info—4578651

Dilemmas ol Masculinity: Gender
Roles In Transition. May 1. 2 p.m. PAC
Recital Hall

Dorm Party Night lndian Quad. 6
parties for the price of 1. April 27. 9-2
am. $1.50 w/tax. $2.25 w/out.
Springfest April 28. $3 \v/tax.
$5.50 w/out. Squareone and
Downtime.

Party in the Parlr presented by
OCA. in Washington Park. April 28.
Tickets in CC Lobby. $3.50 w/tax.
$4.50 w/out.

FILMS
Cine 1-6 (459-8300)
1. Terms of Endearment 1:20. 3:50.
6:35, 9:30; 2. Friday the 13th Part W
1:40. 4:00. 7:00. 9:45. 10:00; 3.
Footloose 1:45. 4:20. 7:05. 9:50; 4.
Moscow on the Hudson 1:50. 4:30.
6:45. 9:15 5. Racing With the Moon
2:15. 4:35. 7:15. 9:30: 6. Up the
Creek 5:30. 7:45. 10:00

IIKO Fox Colonie l 8: 2
(459- 1020)

1. Ruben Ruben 7:30. 9:30; 2. Risky
Business 7:40. Vacation 9:35

Spectrum Theatre (449-8995)
Heat and Dust. El Norte, La Balance

UA Center 1 8r 2 (459-2170)
1. Swingshift 2:00. 3:55. 5:45. 7:45.
9:40; 2. Splash 2:00. 7:20. 9:30

UA Hellman l & 2 (459-5322)
Police Academy 2. 4. 6. 8. 10

Third Street Theatre (436-4428)
April 27-29 Danton at 7 & 9:40

Madison Theatre (489-5431)
Silkwood 7:00 and 9:30 .

University Cinemas (457-8390)
The Big Chill, LC 7; Stripes. LC 18
International Film Group
(457-8390)

The Age of Robin Hood. CC Assembly
Hall. May 2. 8 p.m.

 

The Continuing Adventures Of Joe Strummer

continued from 70

you can be creative with. To be honest. l'm
frightened of machines."

If Strummer feels this way about machines.
one has to wonder why the Clasb's music had
gone the other way. but Strummer explains.
“We got bedazzled by the studio. and the 24
tracks all saying. ‘feed me. record on me. what
about me?"

By replacing Jones with two guitarists. it
was thought that Slrummer would be concen-
trating on his singing. but Strummer joked
that. “I play as well. I'm afraid. It's very loud.
extremely annoying."

He says that Instead of arranging a brass
section or violins. they will be arranging
guitars. and trying to use some sounds from
the guitars like more of a percussive Instru-
ment. “I'm very good at that bit." claimed
Strummer.

As to what the band will play in concert. the
Clash is working on 7 or 8 new songs in-
terspersed with what Strummer calls. “all of
the best moments of the Clash. The times that
we really hit well. like "London Calling" or
“Armeglddeon Time." Strummer said that his
favorite moments with the Clash tend to be
obscuritles. such as. "if Music Could Talk."
from Sandlnlsta. and “Straight to Hell." from
Combat Rock. but observed that. "on stage
you're In a different frame of mind. I get very

violent and very aggressive and i want to get

my teeth into something. i want to bang a
song around like “Brand New Cadillac" (Lon-
don Calling) or “Career Opportunities" (The
Clash).

When asked about the violence that occurs
at a Clash concert. Sturmmer responded. “At
the front of one of our shows. it is a physical
contact sport. but very rarely do any bones gel
broken. I've always felt that it was a release.
and that people were less inclined to do
something violently evil after one of our con-
certs. than immediately before."

Strummer doesn't hesitate to do any of the
Strummer-Jones compositions. declaring.
“The more the merrier. I'm sure If he (Jones)
ever gets going. he'll do the same." Jones is
reportedly working with drummer Topper
Headon with a new group called Top Risk Ac-
tion Company in London.

The Strummer-Jones combination was
another thing that was causing a falling out
between the two men. "I don't believe in a
Jagger-Richards ghetto." claimed Strummer.
"where they keep the. writing to themselves,

they keep all the dough to themselves. and

they sort of pay off the other guys like the
three stooges, I‘d rather have an open team
where there's no one sulktng because he feels
left out." On the Clasb's first two albums.
the songs are credited to Stru'mmer-Jones. but

starting withLondon Calling. the third album.
the songs are credited to the Clash. which
Strummer forced through in an attempt to
create more of a team feeling. Jones was
always against the idea. Strumtner contends.

Playing by the rules. The Clash should have
rushed out and recorded an album b .t k in
September. and be touring behind it now. but
Strummer contends. "We're interested In get-
ting to know each other. getting to know an
audience with a new group. and getting some
common experience."

When asked about the Clash's plans to
record. Strummer joked. “We're gonna at-
tempt to record naked to see if it brings the
prlmeaval spirit back to things." and added.
“I'd like to record llvlsh in the studio. because I
think there's something to be said between
human's playing together." Presently when an
album is recorded it is done one instrument at
a time - first the drums. then the guitars. etc.
“I'm very bored with this laboratory
approach." said Strummer. who is not sure
when the band will make It Into the studio.

The Clash has always been known to be
politically outspoken and socially conscious.
and this is one aspect of the band that will not
change. "The Thatcher situation is much the
same as the Reagan one; tremendously
popular guy. very right wing. beating the
patriotic drum. gonna get in for another four

years. no real opposition. opposition divided
amongst itself. Thaichers's in till 1988 now. so
it's heads down over there. artd we have to
urge people to even register to vote. It's the
global youth attitude. a 60's cynicism. I'm not
into that anymore. It hasn't gotten us
anywhere. We're trying to get people to vote.
and we’re encouraging them to vote Labor.
which is the direct Socialist alternative to That-
cher. even though when they get into power
they'll probably become lndistlngulshable from
the others and we'll go roundabout again."

Because of the popularity of Combat Rock
the Clash just might be able to pass on their
message. "We know it's a gamble. We are try—
Ing to be incredibly successful and incredibly
radical." contends Strummer. “To be brutal
about It. to make Michael Jackson, they
wltlteifled him. They fixed his nose. they gave
him a white manager. Is he a man or is he a
woman? 15 he a black man or is he a white
man? Nobody quite knows."

ONe final change for the Clash Is their at-
titude towards drugs.

“Nobody in the group goes near drugs.
We're trying to encourage people that there Is
a life after drugs and It's not some kind of
downer. In fact It's the opposite. it's an
upper." Strummer said. “And I feel my
memory is coming back. which could be a
great help."

. APRIL 27, 1984 '

       

'ver forget

¢ Editor: V

Monday. April 30th at 12 p.m. the bell tower will not
music after the chimes ring. This silence commemorates
cmory of six million Jewish martyrs, victims of Hitler's
campaign against world Jewry.

troneg urge the entire campus community to honor the
cm of silence and to listen. Listen to the shrieks and.
of the six million as they went to their pitiful deaths; the
as will echo in the winds. We must always remember
Hitler did to the Jewish people of Europe. not for his
and not even for the sake of thc martyrs but for our own
. It‘ the day should ever come that we fall to remember
we too. will be victims of the Holocaust. NEVER
- 1N!

—- Melindu Miller

'ling faces

the [liditorr
his letter is being written to remind those of you who
wand to inform those of you who don‘t know about the
kly trips to the Daughters ofSaralt Nursing Hotnc. Tltcsc
s are sponsored by the Social Action Committee of 15C-
cl. We visit Daughters of Sarah almost every Tuesday
t. Transportation is provided. Cars leave the circlc tit
i p.m. and return at approximately 8:00 p.m.
peaking from experience. I can tell all ot'you that nothing
. cs thosc cldcrly people-at tltc nursing home smile more
it seeing some young faces. who are not lltcrc bccausc
.‘rc getting paid to be there or have to be there. but ratltcr
., bccausc they want to be there. These people bcgin to fuel
5' 1y cared about. Even those who are sick and/0r scttilc can
so the caring and love of those who visit them. At times.
‘ nursing home can bc depressing, especially when seeing
_: 0 older people who can no longer fend for tltcmsclvcs,
,' tltc gratification one dcrivcs front helping tltcsc people is
_ rwhclming and certainly outweighs any depression fclt
orchand. There is great response form the residents to the

 

 

ascté

David L.L. Lalltln. Editor In Ctilul
Jerry camplons. Patricia Mitchell. Manuglng Editors

        
       
         
       
      
   

. . . . . . . . . ..Haldluralla

 

. Jonas Ntchsln
....Ian Spelling

Anne
Sound Editor..

          
     

  

Bantu Editor

pom Editors.

Associate Sport! Edllor

590815 ﬂag-xlna Editor
dltnrlal Page! Editor . ..
spy Editors... .
onlrlbullng Editors can Ball. Stave Fa ob Gardlnlsr. Mark Gesnat. ch~
18 Judge, Mark Lavina. Gall Marre ayn Pcsrebaom. Holly Prostl, An-
v any Sllbsr. Lisa strain. Editorial A Alicia Clmbora. Ian Clements.
be Fusco, Christina Hstialt Stall wrl acn Brawu. Michelle Bushor.
urine Canavan. Kavln Clarke. Bette tan. Ronald Brant Gerslan. Judy
euchwlnd. Adam Goodman. Ben Gordon. Bob Hantcn. Eric Hlndln, Norma
ab. Michelle Krail. Allcs Mchrmott. Caryn Mlckc. Suzanna Murphy. John
Miter. Maddy Pascuccl, Joe Romano. David Singer, Michael Skoinlck. Alan
Omkin, Rick Swanson, Parry Tlachlsr. Keith Van Allen. Ilene Welnsteln.
Dug Weiss. Mark Wllgard. John Wlllmoit. Spoclrumjdltorr: Ellen Fil-
calald, Rina Young, Artists: Steve Bryuon. Ken Ford. R. A. Hayes

.. Marc Barman, Kaliit Marder
. . . . . . . . . . .Dean Chang
..Marc Schwarz

. Edward Rslnes

 
  

  

   
          
     
 

  
  
 
  
  

 

 

     
       
        

    
  

   

 
 

      
       
      
    
 
  

  

           
      
      
   
     
    
  

Judy Toni. Buslncss Manager
Lynn Saravll. Arracintr Business Manager
JIM Hirsch. Rhonda Woliﬁdvartislnp Managers
Mitts Krslmsr. Salas Mnnagar

      

IllinoAccauntanls . . . . . ..“. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Randse Bshar
ayrnli Supervisor ... Gay Pare“
lllIlllltl Manager. . .Eilsen Sheshan
ompolltlonﬂ . .Mnrk Catalano
dvsrtlllrw 8. In. Slave Lather-
art. Mark Sun n, Advertising Production: Lee Erickson, Debra Freeman,
lnlna Frloder. Jeanne Gilberg, Julie Mark. Ellyn Mutt). Sharon Okun. Lynne
lanai. Charoietta snubs. Elton Wtuamnn. Olflcs stall: Christine atngnt, Lin-
5 Delgado. Mnrlorla Rosonthal

 
  
 
 
 
 
  

   
 
 

per ..
David Daniela. Rich Go an.

    
      
     
       
      
     
      
      
  
 

  

Sue Pachlnaky, Production Manager
George Tatto, Assoc/Bic Production Manager

‘ hlIlTyplssllar . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Lancoy Huymun
Isis-up: Eileen Kcafle. Susan Kant. Susanne Jacoby. T-Sitlrt Editor: Gail
a"ﬁll. Logo Editor: Patricia Mitchell. Typllta: Jlm Capoucla, Cheryl Knpian.
Ency Killian. Phyllis lekowllz. Rena Lowenbiaun, chauffeur-z Eric Dori.
leven Mankoif

 
      
  

  

 

  
  
    
       
     
 
 
     
 
   
   
      
   

"Diogluphy principally supplied by University Photo Snrvtca. a student
rou .

hlli Photographer: Ed MurusslchUPS Stall: Amy Cohen. Sherry Loo Cohan.
t yrin Dloliua. Cindy Galwny, Adam Ginsburg, Kenny Kirsch. Rachel Lttwln.
oburt Luckoy. Lola Mattnbonl. Suntan Elatnc Mindtcn. Jae Sctiwunrtnur. Lisa
immcns. Robert Soucy. Erica Sputpol. Wniron Stout. Drive Sillck. Jamos
alcntlno.

    
 

  

  
    
  
    
     
          
      
   

  

IBM Albany Siudlnt Prssl Corporation. all

  

Entire contents copyright ‘

‘ luhtl served

"it! Albany Studunl Finns is publishuti Tuusttays rind Fridays bulwcnn

vomit and Juno by the Albany Sludnnt Floss Coipmttlltill. it" independent

- oI-tor-mnttt corporation.

Editorials are written by tho Editor In Ctiiri

card: policy In subtract in iovtnw by tho Edlltt

l' mammals of tho untverslly conimunlty-nnri do not nucvssnrliy inpiostinl
cdltorlni pottcy. Advertising puiicy nuns nni nucttssttrtly wilt-cl (itiilntlﬂl
oltcy.

 

  

  

  
     
 
   
 

I with ninnitiuis of tho Editorial
ital Ronni Columns tun wrlttan

 

  
 

 

   
   
      
   
 
      
     
   
      
     

Mailing tutdruss
Albany Student Prnss. CC .121)
1400 Washington Ave
Allin" '22

 

 

 

Y.
(518)157-009213322i33i19

   

 

 
   

thoughtful attention shown to them.

On Sunday, April 8, there was a Talent Show scheduled at
Daughters of Sarah. Due to the unfortunate circumstance of
last minute cancellations. tltc Talent Show had to be cancell-
cd. These last minute cancellations wouldn’t have made
much of a difference if the original response from students
willing to perform had been greater. I must say that my co-
chatr. Jane Stein and I worked very hard on this Talent Sltow
and were both very disappointed to see the low turnout. To
compensate for not having a talent show, a friend of mine
and l danced for the residents and Passover songs were sung
wttlt tltcm. Afterwards. the few ofus that showed up Sunday
spoke with and vistcd thcsc rcsidcnts. As has always been my
cxpcricncc with visiting the Daughters of Sarah Nursing
Home, the response was very positive from those residents
and very beneficial to those of us who wcrc lltcrc.

For the rcmttindcr of this year and through next year us
well.) would like to sec at greater turnout of people who will
go to the Nursing Home and attend aitd participutc in events.
such as a Talent Show. If anyone would like more informat-
tton. you may call Ilic Hilch Office at 457-7503 or visit the
Hillel Office iit CC 320. if you would like to speak to Junc or
i personally. our Iclcphonc numbers arc available iii tltc .ISC-
Hilch Office. Think twice about saying no to ihosc “smiling
faces." All it tnkcs is giving at littlc care and warmth to tliosc
who apprccintc it immensely.

—— Melissa Stcrmnn
Social Ar'Iion Chairperson

Good Friday I

To the Editor:

People often ovcrlook thc 1':th that college is not just it
place to grow academically. but that college is a stcpping
stone to acting responsibly iii an adult community. This
responsibility rcquircs an awareness and d sensitivity toward
the beliefs of others. in it divcrsc environment such its
SUNYA. one would expect this to be the case. Apparcntly, it
is not.

We are addressing tltc “Have it (loud Friday" at lllC Rcd
Parrot Night planncd by Del“! Sigma Pi. We are appalled
that this organization would make ti mockery of the most
solcmn day of thc Christian year.

What is must upsetting is the play on the words "Good
Friday." By doing this, they arc making a sham of Christian
religious convictions.

A SUNY Night should be an cvcni in which all students
can participate. This celebration is inscnsitivc to the beliefs
of a large segment ol' the student population who are Chris-
tian.

In order to understand our outrage onc must grasp Ilic
significance of this day. According to Sr. Danielle Iionctti.
Catholic campus minister: "Good Friday is the most solemn
day of our Christian Church calendar. It is the day .scl asitlc
to commemorate the passion and death of Jesus Christ. It is
markcd by fasting and prayer. II is a day which should be
centered on a conclousncss of God's overwhelming goodness
to us."

We are equally shocked at 111C lack of sensitivity which
allowed the saying "Have a ‘Good Friday' at the Red
Parrot" to be approved for podium posting and a Campus
Center shcct sign. Wc arc assuming that tltis incident was
unintentional but the fact that it was ignored by the
authorities who should be representing everyone. is to put it
simply. wrong.

We believe it is in very poor taste to plrtn a university-wide
cvcni. with this slogan, on Good Friday. the most solemn
Holy Day in the Christian calendar.

—- Laura lircltirky
— Gary Cnidcronc

Irresponsible actions

To the Editor:

This letter is addressed lo the editor. however it should he
addressed to the entire university community. As any ill-
tclligcnt student sltould be made aware of the irresponsible
actions taken by the Albany Slur/em Press (ASP) cditorial
staff in tltcir rationale for their endorsement for S.A. presi-
dcnl.

Throughout my enrollment at the State University at
Albany. 1 have been made aware. and am increasingly
reminded of thc ASP's racist. sexist. and biased history, past
and present. It is ever so apparent in their endorsement sup-
plcmcnt. ,

The editorial staff gave its highest praise and endorsement
to one candidate who lacked not only a commitment, but
also lacked concern for. or even the slightest awareness of,
tninority or women‘s issues. At the same time the ASP,
within the same tissue. it (the ASP) cites lack of awareness for
these same issues. as a major weakness in the platform of
another candidate.

Are we. the students of the SUNYA campus. to believe
and accept the written word of a newspaper which defies the
Itiws of reason. common scnsc, and journalistic efficiency or
coherency? Sincc this is the farthest reaching ncwspttpcr on
this campus. tilinost it monopoly informationwlsc. is it not fix
duty or obligation to all 104151 attempt to uphold some level of
journalistic tiptitittlc’.’ Artititcur writers you may be, but stun-
tlttrds for journalism huvc hccn built over the course of its
history, and are established. [)0 you not l'ccl it ticccsstiry to
abide by them?

The students on this campus are dcsct'vcd of an objective,
informalch ncwspnpcr. As long its thc ASP is to remain on

campus. occupy. space in the campus center. disperse _
newpapers and function for the best Interest of the students
of the State University at Albany. it should do'just that, be
objective and informative. This has not‘ been the protocol ex-
empliﬁed by the ASP. in the past or present. Let us hope and
pray that it can bc' achieved in the future. the near future

(now).

— E. Paul Stewart
Central Council
lndian Quad

Successful event

To the Editor:

We would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone
for their crucial support during Tclcthon '84. First of all. we
would like to thank you. the university community for your
moral and financial support. It is you who make Tclcthon
the fun. monumental and successful cvcni that it is each year.

A special thanks mint go to all of those talented students
who offered their time and services to make Telethon as
ctttcrtaining as it was.

With our thanks to all of the acts. there are a few acts
\vltosc spirit. cooperation and tremendous support made
Tclctlton the success it was. Many thanks to Barry Mttnilow
and ihc Munilcts. Ladies & Gcntlcmcn, Buzz and the flutter-
cttps. Andy "Rodney" Goldberg. Thc Show. Reynold
“Mic ricl Jackson“ Camcjo. Bill Krttuss. Carolyn Ccrvcllo.
Mtkc chclc. David Schocn. and thc Kuzoo Brothers for all
tltcir continual enthusiasm and performances throughout the
show.

In addition. we would like to thank “The Brink," a local
professional band for donating thcir liinc and services at 6
run.

As successful and entertaining as the show was, it would
have bcctt impossible without the support and scrviccs of
Bob Sitcn and the Education Communications Center staff,
the S.A. audio-visual team, especially Woody, Gary and
Chris, and tile 24 hour fircsidc and stage managers.

A special thanks to WCI)B l'or tltcir coverage and spirit.
Thanks to anyone else we may have forgotten.

— .iudy Turner
— Allison Grant
Ctr-Chairs. Tale"! — Telellton ’84

Non-discrimination

To the Editor:

This letter concerns Central Council‘s decision to pass
retroactive pay raises for three membch of the executive
branch. I was the primary initiator of the Student Associa-
tion‘s present Non-Discrimination Policy and a vocal ud-
vocatc for the rights of minorities and women.

This orientation has allowed mc to study the subject of
discrimination and comparable pay for comparable work. it
is my understanding that four mcmbcrs of the executive
board were stipendcd at $2250 and tltrcc were stipendcd at
$l375. The former being white males. the latter fcmalcs and
minority. My question: SO WHAT? Those facts do not. in
and of themselves, constitute a Titlc Vll suit . . . (contrary
to opinion).

This is probably news to the mcmbcrs of Central Council.
The subsequent information may also be surprising:

l. A stipend is Ital a salary; it is not taxable.

2. All stipends are $250 for each scmcstcr. regardless of the
position held.

3. All stipends were calculated on the same pro-rala sum of
$4.37 per hour for the summer.

4. The former executives are required to put in twice as
many hours as the latter.

5. The media director issued two Student Voice during the
summer and was not required to stay in Albany during
August.

6. The Off-Campus Coordinator and the Minority Affairs
Coordinator were in the office 20 hours a week and could
hold additional jobs during the summer. This was the first
year for that present organization of each ofﬁce.

7. Last year the Programming Director and the Council
Chair had similar hours and similar stipends — they did not
receive retroactive pay — they were white males. The media
director was also 'siipcndcd at a similar rate —- the position
was held by a white female.

8. Past presidents and vice-presidents have been female or
minorities and received :t stipend for tltcir positions. Stipends
are based on time requirements. not sex or race.

9. SA has not (III at least the past five years) approved any
retroactive bill.

[0. The above information can bc found in past Central
Council minutes turd would be udntissiblc in a Title VII law
suit.

The prcscnt Council is not rcspottsihlc for the existing
stipends but will be for those included in the 84-85 budget. I
sincerely ltopc that they inttkc ll rcsponsihlc tlccision based on
the facts and rcl‘usc to react to Iltrctits and subtlc insinuations
of racism and scxjsitt” A review of the history of Sludcnl
Association will indicntc llttll it has made substantial progress
regarding the placement ol wotncit and minorities in this
year's agenda. Cottxctpicntly l urgc thc (‘tiuncil mcrnbcrs to
consider each \Iipcnti find the responsibility turd tirnc rc-
tjuircmcnts ol' the office lioklcr, ltul tltc possibility of the in-
tlivitlunl's sex or race. Only then will Studcnl Association tic-
tivcly bc conforming with the concept of NON-
DISCRIMINATION.

 

—‘April A. Gray

  
  
  
   
 
    
  
 
    
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
       
     
     
     
    
     
 

Ira

  
  
    

