 

wan..-’ . .

 

 

 

 
  

By Marc Barman
span rs Eottort

When Coach Bob Ford'is talking about
thevDanes' offense ant his shaky quarter—
back Situation. he often sounds frustrated
and ‘a pained expression is.etched on his
face. But when the subject turns to
defense. Coach Ford is all smiles and full
of compliments " .

Coach Ford agrees that the defense has
been-the teams steadying force and the
7.: chief reason why the Danes are a respec-
table 3-3 going into tomorrow's game
against Norwich University in Vermont.

‘ “i never thought the defense would play
as well as they have so far this season."
said Ford. sitting behind his office desk on
Wednesday night. “Believe it or not. 1
thought going into this season that our of-
fense would be our strong point."

The entire Danes' coaching staff fully
expected veteran defensive tackle John
Redmond and linebacker Jim Valentino to
continue to create havoc for opposing of-
fenses. But it is the performance of some
of his freshmen and sophomore defenders
that has Ford so enchanted.

“There has been so many pleasant sur-
prises.” said Ford. On the defensive line
Ford cited freshman tackle Chris Esposito.
who did a superb job filling in for the in-
jured Redmond, who got hurt three weeks
ago in Springfield.

Though Redmond is back at full stregth.
Esposito will see a lot of action. especially
on‘ passing downs. The freshman. who's
called "Espo" by everyone. has shown a
knack for the pass rush. Last week against
Cortland. he recorded three quarterback
sacks.

“He’s been a pleasant-surprise." said
Ford. “i didn‘t think he was going to be
ready for the varsity this year."

Neither did Espo. “l expected to be star-
ting for the junior varsity." said the
freshman from Our Lady of Lourds in
Poughkeepsie. i guess l’m doing a good
job-n

‘ wee-

4w

 

 

Danes’ defense prepare to sheet down Cadets

 

 

 

_ OCTOBER 19. 1984

 

  

 

LUCKEV UPS

Dana lineman Ron Putaio sacks Joe Ru‘yack, Cortland‘s quarterback. In last Saturday's game which saw the Danes shutout the

Red Dragons 28-0. Putalo had two sac

Another unsuspecting defensive lineman
that has sparkled is sophomore Ceorge
laccobaccio. As a freshman. iaccobaceio
saw time on both junior varsity and varsity
and didn’t impress too many people. This
year there is only praise for the Kingston
native.

“Last ear laccobaccio was a roly-poly

s on the day.

type player who missed a lot of practices."
said the coach. “This season he's come in.
worked hard. and is having a helluva
year." »

iaccobaccio admitted to being a bit lazy
last year as a freshman. “1 just wasn’t into
it as much last year." said the
220-pounder.

“This year my attitude is a lot better and
the team’s attitude is better." At the
iincbacking position. Valentino hasn‘t sur-
prised anyone. The Bardonia native had an
impressive junior year as he switched ef-
fectively from cornerback to linebacker.
This season he's been the integral force of

22>

 

'C" :9."
‘-

vv‘v

Netters taste defeat in last five

By Perry Tlschler
STAFF WRITER

The walls have come crumbling down. Coach Jim Ser-
balik's Albany State women’s tennis program has fallen
on hard times. Once a young eager team of great depth.
they now have trouble fielding the minimum number of
players. Three crucial injuries only begin to tell the story
which includes players lost to academics. and religious
committments. Though valiantly trying to fight back
against the elements. the Danes have now dropped five
matches in a row.

The trouble began with St. Lawrence early in October.
Only able to field five of his players. Coach Serbalik
scrapped for a makeshift lineup that had his players play-
ing as high as three levels over their normal capability.

Gerri Chiodo played an excellent game before falling to
Chris Lttkelo in three sets (6-4. 7-6. 7-5). Ellen Yun fell
quietly to Chris O'Grady 6-0. 6-0 while Nancy Forbes and
Nina Cheung were stopped by Sally Rielle (6-1. 6-4) and
Shelly Sherman (6-3. 6-3). respectively. Jenny iiahroni.
forced into action. fell to Ashley Haffcrufl‘cn. 6-1, 6-1 for
a stunning St. Lawrence singles sweep.

in doubles play. Stte Fairbanks and Val Kellcher beat a
worn out Chiodo-Yun team. 6-1. 6-3 while Put Lawrence
and Mimi Kahle easily handled a duo of Farbes and
Cheung. 6-1 , 6-2 to give St. Lawrence a 7-0 victory. '

“A very good team.“ smiled Serbalik. “but we were
lucky we were allowed to play with only five players."

The Danes moved on to Potsdam and really held their
own before being edged out 4-3 in a super match.Chiodo
continued to surprise everyone with a stunning three-set
victory after losing the ﬁrst set. 0-6. She battled back_to a

. 0-6. 6-4. 6-1 impressive victory over Tricia Larsen. Con-
sistent Yun fought hard before losing a three-set match

. (5.22.2-6. .7.-5) to DianeMoscs. ,. ,
“Her experience is paying 'off. She can't beat you. but

she can make you beat yourself." said Serbalik.

Forbes and Cheung continued to falter as both were
beaten. Ester Harris wiped out Forbes (6-3. 6-0) while
Colleen Kennedy took Cheung (6-1. 6-2). Bahroni match-
ed her first singles victory. in a three set marathon. over
Vicki Denny by a score of 2-6. 6-2, 6-4.

The Dane doubles fared no better as Chiodo and
Forbes lost to Larsen and Moses. 6-4. 6-0, and the Yun-
Cheung duo fell to Harris and Denny. 6-4. 6-2.

Serbalik's squad made another impressive showing at
RPl despite being edged. 5-4. The Dane attack was led by
number one singles Deb Leffe as she handled Laura Com-
stock. 6-2. 64. Lisa Valins played superny and took Liz
Shea in three sets (4-6. 6-4. 6-4). in what her coach called

.“the best match of her career." a resilient Nina Cheung

fought to a three-set win over Patti Williamson 6-3, 3-6.
6-1. The RPI singles attack was led by Karen Patkin who
beat the improving Chiodo. 6-3. (t-Z. Becnn Anu took
Yun. 6-2. 7-6 while Denise Van Wagcncr edged Forbes.
6-3. 6-4.

The Dane doubles teams jumped out early as Leffe and
Chiodo romped over Comstoek and Patkis. 6-2. 6—4.
However. RPl's Anti and Williamson edged Yun and
Cheung. 6-3. 5-7. 7-5 and frosh licck Okotnodro and
Karen 1-1allenbeck took Forbes and Valins. 6-4. 6-3 to
thrust a Dane victory.

“This was definitely our best match of the year and it
was all riding on one set. Unfortunately. they came up
with it." said Serbalik disappointingly.

Skldmore and Binghamton were next and no victories
were in sight against these two perennial powerhouses.
The “up and coming" Chiodo and “01' reliable" Yun
tallied tvto big victories at Skidmore over Roxy Felton
(6-4. 6-3) and Sallie Livingston (2-6. 6-4. 6-4). respectively
but that was all tthanes could muster. Pam-Thompson

 ..,.. 21'9"

 

 

 

OLUME L_V'XXl

 
    
 
 

 

 

lguel Barnet to
peak in PAC on
: nesday night

'By Noam Eahkar ~
W

Miguel Barnet. a Cuban novelist and
supporter of the Castro government. will

.leeture and read from his work on

Wednesday. October 24. in a visit to
SUNYA sponsored by the recently

“3" established New York State Writers
if Institute.

Barnet’s lecture. scheduled for 8 pm. in
the University’s Performing Arts Center
Recital Hall. is titled “Evolution of a Peo-
ple's Culture in Revolutionary Cuba." it is

free and open to the public. Earlier on,

Wednesday, the Cuban author will con-
duct a writing seminar for students at the
university.

The Barnet lecture is the ﬁrst segment of
the lnstitute‘s “Cuban Dialogue." a series
of visits by noted Cuban writers of various
political stances.

‘fBarnet is living and working in
Havana. and supports the government.
but we'll be bringingother Cuban writers
later. some of whom are in exile and are in
opposition to the government. We'll have
the whole spectrum." said Tom Smith.
associate director of the Writer’s institute.
Plans for. theother segments are being
ﬁnalized. Smith said.

Barnet has published five novels. three
volumes of poetry and a collection of
essays in Spanish. His most widely read
work. Autobiography of a Runaway is the
best selling novel in Cuba. since the Castro
Revolution. and has been translated into
12 languages including English. it
documents a century of Cuban life
through the eyes of a lOO-year-old farmer
slave, and like his other ﬁction. draws on
the oral folklore tradition of Cuba.

Barnet is best-known for his “novela-
testimonia.” or the documentary novel.
work in Cuba. These novels have been call-
ed “ﬁrst-person sociology." as they
chronicle patterns of human behavior and
cultural change based on interviews with
individuals who serve as models for ﬁc-
tional characters.

Barnet won The Casa de las Americanas
poetry prize for his collection. La Segrata
Famiiia (The Holy Family).

in 1983. Barnet became the ﬁrst Cuban
since the Castro Revolution to win a Gug-
genheim Foundation Grant.

The Writer's imstitute. which was en-
dowed by the State Legislature this year.
was established by Pulitzer Prize-winning
novelist William Kennedy. an English pro-
fessor at the University. to bring
distinguished writers from around the
world to discuss and share their work.

in September. the institute hosted
American novelist Toni Morrison. winner
of the National Book Critics Circle Award
and holder of an Albert Schweitzer Chair
in Humanities at SUNYA. 1:]

lNSlDE:

A profile of the
Albany County
candidates for
State Senate
PAGES

 

“It's time for
America to find new
leadership"

-~ Walter Mondale

uban noveli3t '- ‘ .. ‘ "

“I think l/It'
winter/tutti pump/c

tonight llt'ilt‘ much I.»

be grateful [in .
Rutm/r/ [\IIJAJH

 

ASSOCIATED PRESS

v"Menaatcsrttt"traits-Reaganv

Both candidates consider 2nd debate a success

(AP) Prestdent Ronald Reagan and
Democratic challenger Walter F. Mon-
dale. attacking each other's judgement
and competence in a show-down debate
Sunday night. were heading into the
campaign's closing two weeks with
Mondale still playing catch-up and
Reagan's supporters conﬁdent his vic-
tory was secure. The second nationally
broadcast 1984

presidential debate 
was held in Kansas Ci-

ty and focused on (b .
defense and foreign

policy issues. 

Assessing his oppo-
nent's performance. Mondale said Mon-
day. “ln one sense. he didn't do as
poorly as he did last time. But, on the
central question of command.
knowledge. of taking responsibility. i
think he did worse."

However. Vice President George
Bush was jubilant, declaring after the
debate, “1 think we just wrapped up
four more years."

Mondale stopped short of claiming
victory. but at a post-debate rally he
repeated the leadership theme he stress-
ed during their 90-minute televised con-
frontation Sunday night on defense and
foreign policy.

“Tonight. despite all the tragedy in
Lebanon. i think i heard the president.
the commander-in-chief. blame it on
somebody else." Mondale told about
1.500 people in a downtown hotel.

“Tonight. despite all that embarrass-
ment of that covert action in Nicaragua.
which has strengthened our enemies. I
think i heard the president. the
commander-in-chief, blame it on
somebody else." he added.

Mondale raised questions about
Reagan’s leadership and knowledge of
complex issues. He was able to put the

incumbent on the defensive on
American lives lost in Lebanon. the CIA
assassination memo in Central America
and the lack of progress in arms control.
according to the Scripps-Howard news
service.

Reagan was more in control of what
he wanted to say than two weeks ago.
when he fumbled and paused so fre-
quently that it raised questions about
the 73-year-old president‘s mental agili-
ty. according to Scripps-Howard. When
asked if his age would interfere with his
functioning as president, Reagan
dismissed it saying. “l’m not going to
exploit for political purposes my oppo-
nent’s youth and inexperience."

On the issue of Central America.
Mondale spoke of a “three-pronged at- _
tack" consisting of military assistance
to allies in the area. a strong economic
and human rights program. and a strong
diplomatic effort to bring peace to the
region. Mondale attacked the presi-
dent. saying. “i think the lesson in Cen-
tral America. this recent embarrassment
in Nicaragua where we are giving in-.
structions for hired assassins. hiring
criminals and the rest - all of this has
strengthened our opponent."

Reagan responded to a question
about the CiA’a other terrorist tactics.
by saying the distribution of the manual
was under investigation.

Mondale stated that the mining of
Nicaraguan harbors violated intema-
tional law and hurt the country. in his
rebuttal, Reagan responded instead to a
previous Mondale accusation that the
president said that “submarine missiles
are recaiiable." by saying. “How
anyone could think that any sane person
would believe you could call back a
nuclear missile i think is as ridiculous as

the. as the whole concept has been."
20>

 

October   '* “

NU Bias. )3, 3

 

 

  

 

 

Pres. ‘

asserts  for

more.  lin 
administration ‘_

By Lisa Mirabella
mum-Imm anno-

Most people think they can do the job
better than the boss.

However. while ﬁlling in for SUNYA
President Vincent O’Leary who's on a
study leave. Acting President Judith
Ramaiey has found there isn't much she
really wants to change.

‘ "There's nothing i would do different-
ly." said Ramaley. “i might not have
predicted that from a vice-president’s
perspective," added Ramaley. who’s been
SUNYA's vice president of Academic Af-
fairs since 1982. ‘ ~

Ramaley began her term as acting
president on October 1. when O'Leary
started a leave of absence to study and ice-
ture at the University of Belgrade.
Yugoslavia.

O'Leary will resume his position on
January 15. But. Ramaley said, someday
“i would like to be president of an institu-
tion of this kind."

When Ramaley was named SUNYA's
Vice President of Academic Affairs in
1982. she became the highest ranking
woman administrator in the history of the
University. ‘She is now. as acting presi-
dent. the’>'firs”t‘ woman to head the ad-
ministration of a university center in the
State University of New York system.

There is a certain advantage. Ramaley
said. to being the ﬁrst woman to preside at
the University. “Because it is unusual. is
bit of a media event. it gives me more op-
portunities to speak about the University
and it's programs." she explained. .

She found. for example. at the SUNY
President's Meeting which she attended
last week in Cooperstown. that there are
only four women presidents besides
Ramaiey in the entire 64 campus system;
two at Arts and Sciences colleges and two
at community colleges.

“We have a ways to go to achieve true
diversity of the students. staff and
especially administration at this Universi-
ty" Ramaley asserted. Although she noted
there has been a signiﬁcant increase in the
number of women faculty that have been
hired during her two years here.

She said the administration is attemp-
ting to prepare staff members internally
for upper level positions. “it's hard to
walk into an upper level position without

15>

 

' auv COHEN UPS
University President Judith Homalsy

 

“There's nothing I would do differently. "

  
 
  
   
 

.Itzttrii

 
  
       

  

    
     
       
    

 
  
 

      
  

   
 

   
 

  
   
   
   
  
    
  
   
    
 
  
    
  
   
  
    
   
    
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
    
 
 
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   
    
 
   
     
   
   
   
    
   
  
       
       
       
     
     
 
   
  

