 

 

 

 

 

* October 19, ;-1984 itobe‘r' ‘19."1984,

... .._.... W...n.~-'-.~L....r

 

  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  

 

The Enchanter

Fading into the mist

The Enchanter

Reappears

As if he were never gone.

Because he wasn’t r

(he was always there)

he man. The stride. Something was
out of sync.

‘ The patent leather shoes
lomped along the Wet pavement in a
. altering pace.

. "Excuse me...Excuse met I have to ask
» ou to identify yourself." The man hadn't
oticed the police car until the voice.

Myrna Beth King

, "Huh?"

“Where d'ya live and watcha ’ doin’
, ere after dark?”

V' The smoke from the engine encompass-
‘- the vehicle and the purr violated the

r

Sometimes I percieve reality oh so clearly
Yet persistently I turn away
To the Enchanter

(self'appointed self-delusionist)

 

 

Star master ,   I
Conjurer of illusion r . - . '
No man, but a dream ' " ‘ ' _
A vision that he sees within the fire
Immersed in light
Illuminating every darkened crevice of his cave
He remains always with me
A dream
For dreams, though they fade,
Never perish.
He is but a whispered word
A spirit ,
A shadow of what might have been

(and could be yet.)

"1

acking upsome phlegm. He took a hanky
I d began to blow, the sounds muffled by
e slapping of the windshield wipers.
: "Lousy weather we're having, sir.”
' "Yeah. Who...”
'Right down the street. The name's
; 'Donnell." Another sneeze.
"O.K., Mr. O‘Donnell, but ya better get-
yerself an umbrella or get in outa this
in. Looks like yer comin’ down with a
0d one." The black and white pulled
ay from the curb spraying water onto
man's grey slacks.
The man watched the car disappear
und Werner’s Lane. The stride began
the man stuffed his chapped hands into
tattered coat. Memories of his past life
ked his wounded consciousness. ("How
I ny times have l told you...get back here
I‘ll kill youl" The mother clenched her
ts until the knuckles were ghostly
' ite.) The pace quickened. The man kick-
: tricycle out of the way and clasped his
ds over his ears trying to literally crush
memories out of his mind...but more
e. ( The child lay crouched in the cor-
r“ _, stricken with fear, shaking uncon‘
Hollably as he choked on his own gasps.

J.M.L. ’84

 ‘ sponsored by

7 3'! MO-MO ' 1‘! '
 4- o -  - o
g; ‘ ' I.Q.B. '

Indian U-Lounge 81 Tower Basement

SATURDAY, OCT. 20

. DRESS CODE (All must wear)

3, ‘ _l_ JACKET (suit, sport, tux, etc.) optional _2_ TIE
l _3_ BOXER SHORTS
 ’ i DRESS OR ARGYLE SOX

 

 

, he Capital Repertory Company's

 season opener And A Nightingale

‘ 3; Sang... is a deeply moving story of

‘ love, hope, and unconquerable courage.

,Written by British playwright C.l’. Taylor,

it was brought to New York by the famed
Steppcnwolf Theatre of Chicago.

Teri Roth

.And A Nightingan Sang... is a story of a
working class family in England struggling
to pursue happiness amidst the bombings
and air raids of World War ll. Taylor links
the historical events of the war with the
events of his play. He captures the real
human spirit which became the backbone
of that country's wartime years - the
working class.

ﬂ'l‘hroughout the two acts, each family
member is preoccupied with their own per-
sonal struggle, yet they seem to hold a
common bond of striving to survive the
country’s turmoil. They are driven to see
the end of the war and finally find hap-

“pincss and pcacc of mind.

A "memory" play, it is narrated by the
featured character Helen Stolt. Helen is
aycd by Anne Newhall, who had most
ccntly appeared as Elizabeth in the CBS
film Mayflowvr: le I’ilgrinrs' Arlvvnture.
ichard Stern, who has appeared on Broad-
ay as Cook in Alice in Wonderland and
.Who is also author of Cic'lgud Directs Bur-
‘tun in Ham/ct -—- /\ lournal of Rehearsals,
plays Helen's father. Performing on the
piano, he plays such stirring songs as “The
White Cliffs of Dover" and “A Nightingale
ing in Berkeley Square," as transitions
between scenes.

 

 

 

 

  
   
 
  
   
  
 
    
   
  

iSNEAKERS

.0
on»
‘90

«2' o
0 $1139

$2.50 w- MO-MO Attire

$4.00 w-out Attire { .5, ”
$.50 x-tra W-out Tax Card €7®©O$§
<9 04, h

 s. M ,  l o,p

The part of l'lclcn's mother is performed
by Veteran actress Naomi Riordan whose
asl works include the Broadway produc-
I The Vt‘th‘f Glove, in which sltt'
 played Sister Lucy, Also, she spent three

at”:
.5

 

 

 

Im evening. The man cleared his throat, ‘

 

The mother approached with the steaming
ironurage overtaking and consuming her
sanity...) The stride became a run. Tripping
and stumbling, the man collapsed into a
hemlock. He was huddled against the tree--
convulsions racking his body, as the projec-
tor fast-forwarded through those painful,
picturesque scenes.

Simultaneously, with the halt of the rain,
came the calm and indifference. The man
stood. Stone-faced and haggered, he glanc-
ed around the wakened neighborhood. A
woman was emptying trash on the adja-
cent lawn and was startled by his
appearance.

"Oh, it's you. You gave me quite a scare.
Have you been wandering in the rain all
this time?"

The man didn't answer, only walked by
in a semi-trance. The woman shrugged her
shoulders and turned in a huff to go into
her two-story colonial.

The stride quickened and the man’s
heartbeat pounded in his
head...ears...throat. The pictures engulfed
his mind and grasped his senses. (The boy
lay on the bed. Metal bars to each side.
White ceiling. Adults fussed over him,
shaking their heads-tear stained faces.)
Once again the man began to run, sprin-
ting through the streets, hoping the exhaus-
tion would overtake him and he could
black out and forget as he had done so
many times before. He ran for what seem-
ed an eternity, and when he could go no
further, he clung to the nearest redwood,
exhausted and drenched with sweat. Peer-
ing from behind the trees, wide-eyed and
insane, he watched the boy step onto the
dewy grass. .

“Sparks! Come'ere boyt Sparks..." The
child skipped into the yard. "Sparksi" He

' ran to the side of the house outside the pro-

tection of the garage floodlightsnhis flannel
robe exposing his reindeer pajamas.

Plays dnd‘Plﬁyers

ong After Their Innocence

 

 

   

 

 

 

The man watched. The boy, unaware of

, the man's presence, approached the stretch

of woods. He was increasingly more an-
noyed with Sparks and mumbled, "Stupid
dog. Dad’s gonna-" The man's arm cut off
the child's-breath before he had time to
scream. The child collapsed. With tears
pancaking his facial pores, the man stared
at the lump in awe...as other children lay
crouched in corners, and other tear stained
faces watch their suffering with repen- _
tance, and other boys have grown up and
become men.

 

 

  

Katherine Hilcr is loycc in Cap ch's Ami/1
Nightingale Sang

ycars producing T.S. Eliots' Cocktail Party
for Showcase and Off-Broadway. in that
production, Naomi played the part of Julia.

And A Nightingale Sang... is a play of
brilliant action. What may seem a chaotic
script, is actually an organized web of
dialogue that portrays to the audience a
working class family trying to "carry on as
usual" during the traumatic times of World
War ll.

Peggy, the church~going mother of
Helen, is constantly trying to keep the
Stott household under calm waters while
rivaling with her own affairs with the
church. She often becomes frustrated with
her many concerns, one of which is her
daughter Joyce's young marraigc to Eric, a
soldier.

Andie, who is Peggy’s father, is indeed
the most unique and interesting character
in And A Nightingale Sang... Evan though
he is a bit disoriented mentally, his light,
comical air adds color and humor to the
set. Ho amuscs himself by carrying a cat in
.1 picnic basket and taking it with him

 

 

Cap Rep Tells A Story Of A Song

 

 

.Niglilinga/v Sang

wherever he goes. He seems to be in the
way in the Stott household, with his open-
mindcd opinions (ignored), and his aimless
wandering around the house. Andie is
played by Dillon Evans, who most recently
can be seen in the film Arthur and whose
past appearances include Ivanor with Vi-
vian Leigh and john Civlgud; also Hamlet
with Richard Burton. He made his Broad-
way debut in The Lady’s Not For Burning
with Ciclgud,

Helen Stott narrates the play while ex-
pcricncing a bittersweet romance with
Norman, a soldier. Joyce often looks to her
older sister for friendship and advice.
Helen succeeds in giving such, though her
own romance leaves her wanting to resign
to a life without love,

And A Nightingale Sang... is directed by
Gloria Muzio Thaycr. ticr past Capital ch '
credits are Sea Marks and Alice and Fred.
And/t Nightingale Sang... will be playing
at the Market Theatre through Novembe
t t in downtoWn Albany. F]

A Death

an, what’s youtfather do for a liv-

1 ing? "Not much," I say, or "He's an

undercover agent." Whomever
brought up the subject stares at me.‘

 

Ian Spelling

1 explain my father is dead, has been and
always will be. Come Ocober 19th, tWelve
years will have passed. "I’m sorry” rolls

 

How could you possibly know?

father. That comes with the territory. But
he left me. Left my mom. My brother. My
loving father up and went. "How did he

‘ die?" A stroke. The hospital called one day
and I answered. "ls your mother there,"
queried Florence Nightengale. i was only
seven, but i knew my dad lay dead, with a
sheet covering his face.

Mom sat on the bed with my brother
and me. "Your father passed away,” she
said. We sat there crying, forever it seem-
ed. I broke the ice. "Will we be able to
keep the house? How will we survive?"
Mom reassured us. The future could only
bring pleasant memories.

The immediate future played itself out
interminably. Friends my mom had not
seen in years (or since) showed up to pay
their respects. Relatives flew in. Share the
grief, you know? Condolence cards suf-
focated the piano. Where would the world
be if it weren't for the schmuck who writes
those sacred messages for Hallmark?

Following a death, bills are paid and
tributes are made. Insurance pays for this
and that. My dad earned a forest's worth of
trees planted in his name in the land of
peace and love we call lsrael. i wonder if
they haven't been blown to bits too. Hell,
he even had a film projector dedicated to
him at the Merrick Library. So cverytime
some close-knit family watches Laurel and
Hardy beat the tar out of each other, my
dad lives on.

As I've said, my dad's been dead for
more than half of my life, and l’m 19 years
old. i really never knew him, though his in-
delible mark can be seen through my eyes.
First, my name. Ian. A wonderful name to
put in a video game when lshoot a path to
a top ten ‘score. The name, again, is lan.
Pronounce it correctly--E-in. Not lon or
Eanne or Eon (right Shellie, Tom, and
Andy).

l've been told I look quite similar to my
father. i don’t know. Get back to me in 30
years. As for reminders of my youth, only
trivial possessions exist. I write this article
wearing my father’s watch. Big deal. I occa-
sionally use his tie clip. Wow. My family
never bothered to pose for a family porv

E trait, and no photo can be found of dad
with me. For my birthday that November
he bought me a present which he hid in a
closet. A beautiful puppet in the figure of a
horse. This little treasure survives today.
Mom offered it to me the day dad died in
order to cheer me up. It did. For five
minutes. Not twelve years.

Dad made me only one promise he fail-
ed to deliver on. And that was to be my
Little League team's manager. 1 hate trim
for that. l hate him for dying on me. The
minorvA Dodgers reached the playoffs.
The Senators won the series. I placed these

day, Cobwebs and all. The trophies meant a
lot then, but not what they should have.

culture shock. Divorce is in. Death is not.
By dying, my father divorced himself from
everything and everyone. He missed the
joys and the sorrows, the [slander Stanley
cups, the space shuttles, and my growth.

I missed what I never had. What I never
will have. i loved my father. Hale and love
go hand in hand. My anger at my father
keeps my love for him alive. 1 love you.
dad, wherever you are.

And wherever you weren't.

 

rc—

'   "

from my peer’s lips. Sorry for what? Me'il
"Did you love him?" Sure I did, he’s my.

trophies on the shelf where they reside to-l

Twelve years after the fact I dcal with_

 

 

.,...«:.-.-v,—«w- ..... .1. .  , _

 

