t
i
( .

 
  

.T.‘J‘".".".TI"’"T‘“Z’”“" , -

 

   
 

eicome back
How was your summer vacation?
You’ll be comforted to know that the

SUNYA administration has been busy working for
you this summer. They saved the bus systemi And
only for ten bucks a semester or ten cents a ride.

The bus fee is a double edged stab in the backs of
students.

First. the fee is wrong. it is a ciearmessage that
President O'Leary and company prefer serving their
own interests at our expense. They have never look-
ed to the needs of the students or been receptive to
possible alternatives for change. ‘

They take our money. adding another rule.
another means of control 'and of stifling the student
voice. We are not here to be ruled. controlled or
stifled.

The fee also sets a dangerous precedent of making
us' pay extra for whatever they decide is extra. im-
agine fees ft drop/add, walking through the tun-
nels. and podiating. And. as a Student Association
suit may prove. the fee may be outright illegal (see
story, p.l).

The administration has wanted the fee for years to
save the shaky bus system. You might come across a
bus ticket here and there that reads, "1983."

Last year. a task force tackled the issue, only to

fall in line with the administration and recommend a
fee. Students on the committee answerednthis close-
mindedness with a minority opinion. urging a fresh
look at alternatives to an unnecessary fee. ‘

But the administration was acting in its own best
interests, not ours. President O’Leary ignored advrce
from SUNY central to announce the bus fee a year
before using it. to give students a chance to plan
around it. O’Leary waited two months and set the
fee in motion in July. when returning students could
be confused and hindered the most by it.

Second. the bus fee proves the administration's
growing disregard for student life beyond perimeter
road — commonly known as off-campus.

As it stands. the only people paying for the fee are
off-campus students and uptowners who want to go
downtown.

What administrators are saying is that they just
don't think off-campus is really that important.
That bus service from this concrete island to the rest
of the world is a luxury.‘ But this doesn’t stop them
from admitting thousands more than the dorms can
handle, knowing they'll end up in a “student ghet-
to" three miles away.

Tough luck for over a third of us who happen not
to live in the dorms. and the rest of us who. for some

COLUMN

The need for more defense

On April 2. i984. six SS~20 missiles were launched from
Yurga missile complex in western USSR on a trajectory over
the North Pole toward the U.S. Each missile. carrying a
dummy warhead. self-destructed en route over the mic
regions of the Barents Sea.

l Craig J. Rucker

The appearent purpose was to test the 55-20 for inter-
continental capabilities. it was the first time the 55-20 was
set on an azimuth for the U.S.. which according to in-
telligence sources. was made possible by simply lightening
the missiles' payload to increase range. More importantly.
however. were the implications this posed to western securi-
ty. The Heritage Foundation's National Security Record, as
well as several respected defense experts. have recently claim-
ed that these testings "signal an impending shift in the
balance of strategic forces between the U.S. and USSR."
For us here at home. these testings offer little comfort with
recent talk of decreasing the growth of our defense
expenditures.

There are other concerns highlighting the need for more
defense. because not only has the range on these new missiles
been dramatically increased beyond the 5.500 kilometer
iCBM threshold established by SALT i, the number of
missiles has been seriously underestimated.

The Reagan administration claimed that there were 378
SS-20's deployed. The actual ﬁgures are closer to 400 “laun-
ching" sites in operation. The number of “launchers” is a
bit deceiving. because each launcher can handle more than
one missile. intelligence sources believe the Soviets intend to
deploy at least five missiles per launcher. thus reloading
missiles as one might bullets in a gun. in addition to this. the
55-20 is MlRV'ed and capable of carrying up to three
warheads per crack. in all. the USSR intends to deploy 2.520
SS-20's. carrying as many as 7.560 warheads targeted at

.Western Europe. China. and the U.S. Current American
deployment totals 464 Cruise missiles and 108 Pershing ii,
each carrying only one warhead.

What this means, in less technical terms. is that the USSR
is challenging the U.S. more agresslvely than previously an-
ticipated. According to one respected journalist on defense
issues. William Kucewlcz. “The U.S. strategic triad could
become more vulnerable to a Soviet knockout than ever
before." Our miniteman missiles. the workhorse of the U.S.
iCBM fomce. are already largely undefended against the
Soviet Union's larger. and increasingly accurate iCBM's.
Any survivng mlnitemen left intact after a first strike would
have to contend with a highly advanced ABM (anti-ballistic
missile) system. Our bomber force. which faces penetrating
the world's most capable air defense system. could become
vulnerable to attack from the USSR's newest supersonic
cruise missiles. And our submarines. half of which remain in

port at any given time. could become sitting ducks for Soviet
based radar within a decade.
Given this scenareo. the need for a heavy defense commit-

 

ment as forwarded in the l984 Republican platform seems
almost imperative. Democratic candidate Walter Mondale
has repeatedly criticized the administration for placing too
much emphasis on nuclear weaponry. and not enough on
conventional forces. But this percention of defense. or talk
ofslcwing defense expenditures. is not only ill-informed. but
dangerous to western security.

Mondale wants it known that he favors a “mutual.
veriﬁable nuclear freere." But these words do not get us very
far when the real problem is just how to achieve this. The
chief deterent impeding the arms talks is Soviet unwillingness
to agree to verification and compliance procedures. They
have never agreed to on-site inspections, or any serious
veriﬁcation agreements. A newly completed. still classiﬁed
report. entitled "A Quarter Century of Soviet Compliance
Practices Under Control Agreements: l958-l983." was con-
ducted by the General Advisory Committee on Arms Con-
trol and fully documented numerous Soviet Arms violations.
in all. the commission found 17 breaches. (seven that involv-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i

silly reason. have made downtown Albany a pm or
our lives.

The way this school was designed, we sho
encouraged to expand beyond our isolated
instead. we’re being hassled for living on our own
shopping. going out. getting real jobs, walkin’
around a beautiful historic city. or whatever chew:
may do. » _

Maybe to the administrators we are merely a con.
tinuing ﬂow of students. one year no different from
the next. But we spend four pretty important year;
here. and like it or not, a big part of our lives is not
on campus. This is SUNY-Albany. nor SUM
Podium.

uld be
caminus.

If the court doesn‘t decide in our favor,
be up to us to reclaim from the administrator
part of our lives which they are denying us.

You are more than a student to be efficiently ad.
ministered and herded through four years at
SUNYA. You are a person whose full life and poten.
tial deserve respect. Don’t let this administrative vii.
tory cut you down.

The bus fee is wrong. it treats us as second class
partners in our own education. it depreciates our
value as complete persons with lives that — unlike
the vision of administrators —— do reach out beyond
perimeter road.

spending

ed SALT violations) and an additional 10 more “suspected”
violations for which there wasn't sufficient proof to tescitt
conclusion. in short. the committee found the Kremlin liISl
record on maintaining arms control agreements which is lest
than satisfactory.

So how does the U.S. deal with this regime] After assess-
ing Moscow's military buildup and appearant inability to
seriously negotiate. the only rational alternative left is to
maintain our defensive buildup. President Reagan has decid-
ed to bargain from strength. and no unexpectedly. the US.
negotiating team. led by Gen. Ed Rowney and Paul Nitze.
are taken far more seriously by the Russians at the bargain-
ing table. if the west shows the resolve to defend itself. then
perhaps we may truly see a sincere Soviet effort at arms con-
trol in the future. But for the meantime. Mr. Mondale might
well be advised to pay heed to an old Roman Maxum. Which
although is seemingly paradoxical, still maintains an eiemcnl
of truth. it simply states: "To preserve the peace requires b:-
lnl constlnlly prepared for war.” incidentally. Rome forgol
this and Perished. May we not suffer from a similar amnesia.

it will
s that

W's/1%"

t9
/ CDlluuﬂ on.“ 1...]. . p
-

lT MAY BE A FAPCE.
Bill AT LEAST NE 0le
HAVE TO PUT UP WITH
PRIMAPIES, CAUCUSEf).
HbJECTED WINNERS.
EXIT Rails. Pics, THE
ELECTORAL COLLEGEmtc.

    
      
    
     
 

 

 

 

 

  
    
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
    
     
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
   
  
 
 

was; exmtmzety_a;h....s wan: :n‘ t." e n. ....v, l 1 at; u. 

 

 

 

 

  
  
   
   
  
 
   
 
  
     
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
    
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
     
 
    
  
 

