 
   
 

 

 

 

 

FRIDA y, SEPTEMBER 2:. 1984 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS sport's ‘ 7}" ' V

f SooreleSS Women hooters-looking for first  I 

By Michael Skolnick
SIAFI'ZWRITER

Albany‘s women’s varsity soccer team.
suffering from graduation losses. stttrled
this season by losing their first tltrce games
by shutouts and will face a tottgh Colgate
squad tomorrow at the soccer fields at
home.

After last year's 9-7-1 campaign and a

 

l_.

 ' . _‘ . __    'A   *Bootorslosa

' 41!
Goodbye undefeated.

One positive thing that Schief-
felin noted was the'abundance of
effort. "Those guys were putting
out I40 percent, regardless of tire
score," said Schieffclin. “There
was a high level of intensity
throughout the game, which was
gratifying.“

Tltc effort however, was

   
   

1’6’8p’bdsfml’ﬁ ”i'sfi)iji§'”r.l5iias's“t:t FRIDAY. septa/unmet. 1984

 

 

    
 

  

F & IRIS VOLKSWAGEN SH
' FULL SERVICE/»N.Y..S.‘ I

I Now a Used Parts
1436 Weatarn‘Aventie '
Albany. NY '12203

(V: mile east of Northway) ‘

a good team speed and was able to
penetrate our defense with ease.”

lter six years as head coach.

Their first match against Skidmore was
their closest of the year so far. The Danes
otttsltot the Skidmore squad 32-15 but fail:
cd to capitalize on many opportunities and
lost l-O.

Coaclt Kidder commented.“Wc should
not have lost this game but it resulted from
inexperience and poor shots on goal."

game against Colgate is a must win and she
feels the team is preparing as well as it can
.for the game. “We’ve been practicing our
passing and working on improving our
defense," said Kidder.

      
          
  

The Danes had one bright spot: effort.
As Coach Kidder noted. "We were down
4-0 at the half and we could have quit right
there but we played hard until the final
whistle."

Coach Kidder feels that Saturday's

   
          
 

489-7738

    
 

Goals win games though. and until the
Danes score some, it might be a very long
season. D

   

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

       

“PHR‘I'Y”
MAKE $$ roe YOUR
CEASS. 'CLUB. OR DORM
YOUNG PROFESSIONAL DJ‘S
\J" - - l v v
. c)» e ‘ .  f
_ sounornsrtc .
456-1936 - ill,
DON‘T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH
BOGUS ENTERTAINMENT

,that energy and effort. you‘ll

"have faced this year in the SUNY

 

 

.3; (so §
edﬁw 

Bic cle Shop

1775 estem Ave.. Westmere.
1/1 m'le past Crossgates Null
0 COMPLETE O
SALES 5 SERVICE

 

5% 456-4950

PICKUP 5
DELIVERY
FA-LL TUNE-UP SPECIAL
$ 1 7 .95

Includes; Lubrication Er Adjustment
of Brakes. Gears E1 Bearings
- -

1.
I

 

..W‘ .
—-- l

 

Mt. 'nttlllilt

 

 

Lewis.

 

e v :2. by

 

3

noon am: noncrttdtia (satin.

292...»... am“, ._, ‘7. 

 

 

 

misplaced. “If you don’t harness

lose,” said Sclticffelin. "The ef-
fort wasn‘t as'productivc as it
should have been."

Looking at‘the schedule, the
Danes won‘t have it atty easier.
especially this weekend against
Cortland State, ranked nationally
in Division III soccer. Oneonta
State is 5-l this year, and
'Potsdam is still undefeated. Platt-
sburgh may have been one of the
easier opponents the Danes wil|_

conference.

"We're’ hoping ~to rebound
against Cortland," said Schief-
felin. “It’s so hard to play two
good teams back-to-back; there’s
just no time to recover. I think
we'll have a good year. When you
play good teams, you win some
and you lose some." I 1

Russell ready

<Baclt Page

and won't make the trip. Neither
will third string Victor Gonzales,
who quit the team earlier in the
week.

The Danes are looking for big
games from halfbacks Caesar
Kcvano and Dana Melvin, who
were neutralized last week in New
Haven. El
PAW PRINTS: Last season.
Albany State beat Brockport 28-0
in another quarterback college
debut. Mike Milano's...WCDB
will be airing the game live from
Brockport with broadcasters
Barry (icffner and Phil.

Harriers unbeaten "

<Back Page »

‘cd during the summer months.
some team members logged as
much as 400-500 miles. Com-
‘meutcd White, “The women are
now better. prepared and have

 

w is done“

 

ERICA SPIEGEL UPS

The Albany State men’s soccer team will taco SUNYAC rlval Cor-

tlandStata Saturday.

New York
(AP) Muhammad Ali may
have been suffering, from
Parkinson’s syndrome during
his I980 fight against Larry
Holmes, and possibly during
earlier bouts. the neurologist
who is treating him said
Thursday.

But Dr. Stanley Fahn said it
isrimpossible to say whether
the disease was caused by head
blows during ’Ali's 21-year
boxing _-.~ca‘rcer,fund the only
way to know “is if an autopsy
after the former
cltampion‘s (lCtlllt.

Fahn. speaking at a news
conference at Columbia-
Presbyterian l-lospttal. stressed
that Parkinson‘s syndrome . or
Parkinsonism. is ttot pro-
gressive. not contagious and

Doc says All may havel
Parkinson syndrome

- Parkinson's syndrome is
related to Parkinson’s disease.
but is less severe. Fahn said Ali
has a mild case.

He said the illness should
not affect Ali‘s intelligence or
his memory. and tnedication is
rapidly curing his symptoms.
which include sluggish speech
attd loss of facial expression.

Tltcre were signs, too. that
Ali's famous wit is unaffected
by tltc illttcss.

Larry Kold. who described
himself as a “business
associate" of the former
champion, said Ali told him he
was “very happy that ill last
this week he is more famous
tltau Michael Jackson.“

Ali is scheduled to leave the
hospital latc Friday to attend
an Islamic conference in tltc
Sudan. liaitn said further

SUNYAC East championship. there are
only five returnees from that team on this
year's squad. This forced Albany Head
Coach Amy Kidder to field 12 freshmen to
make this year's team Kidder's youngest in

The next game was against University of
Rochester. a tough Division I team. The
Danes were again shut out. this time by a
score of 3-0. The team played at its best for
both halves against Rochester, but were
unable to penetrate their opponent’s
strong defense. Coach Kidder explained
the loss. “There were a few lapses in our
defense and when they occurred,
Rochester, with its team speed. was able to
capitalize and put the ball in the net. It was
very tough on the team to get shutout
agaitt, bttt I feel that with titnc and actual
game experience the girls will start
scoring."

The scoring drougltt would continue
with the game against Ithaca, another
tough opponent. Goalkeeper Maureen
Kcllcr remarked, “It‘s tough for its open-
ittg up against these touglt teams because
we’re young and we don‘t know each
otltcr‘s moves yet. But with caclt practice I
feel we are improving.“

Tltc Ithaca game. according to Coach
Kidder was the low point itt ltcr coaching

UPS career. a gantc itt which the Danes were
The women’s soccer team has failed shutout for the third straight time, 8-0.
I° score In their “'5' ""99 games- Captain Laura McGrath said. “Ithaca ltas

  

 

WCDB sportScasts.
Everyday: 9 A.M., 5 PM. and Midnight

By John Parker
s: ur “mum

In what was supposed to be the kick-
off to a promising young season. the
Albany State junior varsity football
team looked anything bttt promising.

The Hudson Valley Comntttttity Col-
lege squad quickly cmphasizcd this
point by decapitating. demoralizing.
and finally. destroying the Danes by a
\vltitcwttslt of 33-0.

The Daucs' main weakness may have
bcctt their lack of strength up front.
Consistently they were outmanucd and
oututuscled by an llV('(' line which
tttcragcd about 250 pounds. The l-lud-
son Valley team was continually
quicker and tougher on almost every
play off the snap.

l‘hiugs got started dccctttly enough
for tltc Dunes itt the first quarter. The
defense looked solid as they forced two
fumbles before the second quarter even
started. Scott l’aluba, a freshman
linebacker frotn Rcussclttcr, was
tenacious throughout the couth attd
\vas‘ouc of the few bright spots itt the
Albany lineup. The l’urplc was even
strong enough in the first quarter to pttt
up a stubborn goal line stand which
began with a first-and-goal on the two-
yard Iittc. HVCC did manage to kick a
field goal. one of kicker Marc Au-
tonio‘s fottr perfect attempts.

JV Danes routzd by HVCé‘

outstandingly consistent game at this

After tlte first qttartcr ended." the
Danes slowly fell apart. Hudson Valley
picked them apart and opened a 20-0
halftime lead. After that. it was just a
question of ltow many points would
Hudson Valley score. Thcir offense ran
like a well—oiled machine. Antong‘the
many fine Division I prospects on the
team, tailback Jitu Ellison stood out by
himself.

Meanwhile, on the other side of tilt
coin. the Albany State offense was a
picture of stagnatism attd frustration.
'I'hcir aerial show never even came close
to getting off tltc ground. This was well
attested to by the sorrow statistic ol'jusl
ouc completed pass the whole game.
The rtttutiug game however, did do a
sufficient job. Sophomore fullback Al
Riozzi, from Saugertics, proved. in the
face of ltttmiliation. to actor give up.
His toughness and agility make him a
very promising varsity prospect.
Another strong area for tltc Danes was
at the offensive tackle position. Staten
Island's Charlie Guddemi played an

spot.

As the saying goes, “the only place
left to go is up" for the jv Danes and
they hope that this is tltc case. Albany
will take on Ithaca College on Friday,
and then Union College on Monday,
botlt away games. '

 

The Chess Club will resume
their weekly meetings
on Monday, September
24th. at 7:15 pm in CC
375.

 

 

 

 

 

( COME DANCE TO 'THE V
BEAT or THE MUSIC AT

FUHEZA LATINA 5
WELCOME BACK PARTY

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22
FROM 9-2

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

     

 

   

 

 

   

  
 
 

 

 

     
   
    
   

  

 

 

 

 

 

. _. .. , . .. . , . . _ INDIAN u Looms:
" ' t c l: lc t ' k ' vi; 0 It tl. l'le st d Al, 41. c 'olo ' ctl 's. v H lc co - ‘

t H CORNER or  ournnlo i‘tltitltltliiu: lhlttilztblt‘tzii‘." inc“ \ m .ls‘htliuldulic ablc toliivc  uor- iillltiitlti illicit] [liclfct‘ulrusi n        ’0

' -- “5” Tc: .  a d t ." t t - :l |'f-“ w'l c l'ct t'o lc til .‘I 'd I ~ I 'cc—' c
 ml . “s "Hasn‘t" ' tituddliloiiiiiitlttdlimtttilzsrdggoiis 30%;”: tLal;up?”r‘cclclnily.l I "I I hcttvlyliticigllii chitiitpiitii is liltilll1~   w  I n 
i " .,- t d. co act't'ot 5. Fe _ z -e suit iwas iu “lct'ri ‘ic" int two r t.' t‘ I co '- - .
 SAT origingl Rock and‘no'" lilzicthI Ilillitllﬁltits sitid. “l’fhdiz'lilll' spirits and responding well to tli‘tiit. Si|n£uttiaxuniirfyiiuucii'ki.           I n t”
,y In u c t to a m s p 1 r i t an t treatment. c sait . inemct, I re primary

I ‘ C I  CC.‘ ... ‘ 'a  h ‘l  ‘ HI Ci ' 5 'li I i i  l I,  .’ ‘d ‘ ICC i   i J
 MON "1": "Ewponlrs" t: iitiivlgldttrr.” Attrdr‘aciortdiiigntlo mind stizttiisliitiiic :gtliltiliiliii  :lrtucﬁniralu‘in ltoheupliiain,l ed K SA FUNDED
5 ‘.   ’ ' Kim l’atch. "Tiltis is at team in thc SCU‘IJIIS full of vigor.“ Fahn dopamine, which is depleted ' ‘ '
, I s: DRINKS \ whole sense oft to word.“ I ' sai . by Parkinson’s sy 1d omc.

. o ,‘o "0". _ . , ' r - . University auxiliary Services

5} HOUSE WINE um nun-nor" won-van: Sunday, Sth.23 9-12 H

. nouzsa'rc Boa-urn BEER _ “an,” "up. .

‘ runs "mam: nu: samur- ‘ n] “:Wllgm" Buy 1 submarine and get

' our . . . . '

 spins your lavas-Ila III!- lee tennls? Pl RA".  3;... . I can 0f SOdO fie-Q. ("1d
;: v with slur HIth Pﬂ'CIllﬂs 'N "E‘II- '  > 1 bag of potato chips free:
i mom arm-12 nun Come and see the “ PHRTY WITH Pl SIGMH ~  
it . spend i trust I t— \“ I 
 wan "an: coon cows" my...“ " V“ 9‘ a“ ? . . .
1,; Rock and M... Great Dane “i” . ..., svd“ $1.00 admission 0")" .Voltd only In Quad Cafeteria.
 mu. man Pure: arousa- omams - . a» n. m a . . mm... . .
 ’7' IROM IZMID-ZJM Tennls ClaSSlC comm." mm °' "'W' Domestic Draft Molson Drgtt 0"? coupon per (“Stoma-
3‘ o -  1.0 ct gloss ~55 0 9'055

THU "all: ran calm" thls Friday October 19, 1984 2.50 a pitcher 3-10 a pitcher ‘
bl. Rock and Roll , , . . 6 t
V P'n:::°°;1 Ina" arugpm and Saturday Wm mm punks-Bar Drinks .80 each Woﬂﬂgi 361W] QQQGDL'IQU:  
‘ SPECIAL 52 rnou spar-10pm SUNY-‘Binghamtons Slam?” gwmjc'mmngmg .
so rnou torn-12 MID 3339f‘7'335’3‘37'3" "*1 Get The” Early ﬁnd 39 Ready to PHRTYH [Momma-1Tme USSC'iIQIY/ @[ptmuanﬂelmllgjme

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

. c. . . -....IL.-._..4.~.urn-.~-mnm-—

 

