“.1 W‘W'ﬂ 

i.

 

2 ALBANY sit/ong PAROD Y r r FRIDA r MA i’ 4. 19.94

 
  

 

NEWS .UPDA TES,
Council takes pay

in one of Central Council's shortest
debates ever. the members voted 32-04
Wednesday night. to stipend all members of
the Council. . .

Charging that they were being unfairly
discriminated against. the Council members
approved a yearly stiped of $2.250. making
them the highest paid ofﬁcers in SA. since
the ﬁrst tier executive branch generously
took a pay ctit inst week.

Off-campus representative Dave Polyester
abstained. He later explained. “i'tn going to
law school and this move may leave Council
open to charges of self bribery. besides i
knew they'd approve It anyway." he said.

Off-campus representative itch Fig. well
known for his iongwindcdncss. was praised
by Council for his silence on this issue.

Aqtiarium planned

SUNYA President Nun/lo Leery llli\l.‘llt.‘(l
plans Tlittrsday to convert the fountain area

into a'hugc aquarium stocked with sharks.. next Weds.
plrahnas and goldfish.

. ' ‘0

students will grow tip to be marine biologist' Wilt-‘5 0" “Momma” ""9""! ‘0 mm"
and underwater divers." Leery exclaimed-

prottdly. ' m r h Ch .
.e‘r said he rot t tc ca rom t c an . .
ot‘lth: ’Vicc PresiLdent's Alcohol Policy Task   
Force Patti Summer. “We wanted something-
ncw for this campus. a new social focus that

them ourselves.“

All Major Fountain Decisions cornmlttcc still the mayor in every way."
before ordering the faucets tttrned on.

Directories located

Following a five ritottth delay. SUNY Vice-
Prcsidcnt t'or Tawdry Affairs Sorry Jcstcr an-
nounced that the student directories have
heeti ltieatcti somewhere just south of the Inc"!-

said Wailin.

equator. and are expected to arrive sometime

Jester explained that the sltlptttettl.bad-_

' I ' ‘ I‘ ' In

Addressing the edttcationai merits of tth dressed to Student AssociationE Ihilt:| 5:2.

525 million Poposal Leery explained. hastilvnbbrcvmllcdt? and  fmtbnyms

-  ' ‘ ' ‘ f to South Amcrca. ‘ ists ve ' -

 fliieulgln‘sisuilnll'fie“EC“ft'ielilofsovfff ins.” he Enid. Kidding. ”| "CW-‘l' i-‘KPCI-‘lf-‘d "1'5 ‘ Mayfest. but dropped out only I...“ “cm
.. _ '

"Next year." Jester asserted. “we'll make Turkeyshoot and Mudwrcstling

After one year t‘ornicr Albany Mayor
would take the etnphasis ol'f alcohol. We Erastrus Corning II is still dead. Referring to
reall/ed this is just the thing." Summer said. Corning in a recent interview.lcttrrcnt Albany

I.cery is awaiting a recommendation from Mayor Stilt Wailtn asserted. It Is true I lot
of the newly formed Conittilttee To Review the mayor has been dead. But the mayor It.

}Waiiin said he is iii constant contact with
Coming. who officially reigned over Albany
for some forty years. "The mayor (Corning),
wisely advises the on all matters of personal!
and political itnportaricc. lie is a godsend.”

Corning eottld not be reached for com-

Partridges

<FrontPage

we can't tell them how to
'November.” he said.

The Pretenders were originally to may

vote iii.

before the event to attend the Kahuna/no

l’ttir ‘
Kalamazoo. Michigan. m
Kahn said that the Partridge I-‘ariiily would
be paid $75,000.97 for their appearance. and
that UCB eonld afford the steep price oiin
because Welk had decided ttot to cltltrge
anything for his appearance.
“it turned out that he had ill\\tt)'\ admired
Shirley Jones for the great way she taiscd the
bunch, and wanted to meet her," Kuhn ct~
plained. Jones is the female lead for tile
band. arid the ntotltcr of the file othct llililtl
members.

'Rubin Kitikaid. the band‘s tttttittttter. ex.
plained why the band “as charging
$75,000.97. "chcvty-t'ive thousand dollars I\
ottr minimum charge fora slum. and I
tteeded a new can of her
Hairspray."

attire
No | ttlls

 

Exploring SUNYA’s myths reveals fact, fantasy

By the Jazz Singer
til \l.R.-il .‘I-I‘J‘l'I/l'

SUNY Albany. like arty large institution. is
subject to a number of myths; rumors that
most students have heard. littt have no idea
whether or not they're true.

Through long research, scteral of the
SUNYA myths have been checked for validi-
ty and their origins have been uncovered.
Aspects hopes that through the results yort
will achieve a greater understanding of
SUNYA as a school. an institution, and a
place to live.

MYTH 4: The architecture of SUNYA was
designed for Ari/ona. lic serious. If this is
trttc then there are some very stupid people
around.

people."

Queens the other day.
ORIGIN: This one is a direct result of the
tion of the tunnel idca. Ily the mid '70‘s.
erirollriicrtt at SUNYA was low again and the IN
administration had a brainstorm. If they
reritiriied SUNYA the State University of
New York at Arizona. maybe the kids front
Long island would start coming again. Un-
fortunately. no one was fooied by tiic move.
and the administration suffered a great.dcal
of embarrassment. To cover up. they spread
a rumor that the school's architecture was
designed for Arizona. A SUNYA ad-
ministrator who has been here for 15 years
said. “It's true, really. The school was
designed for Arizona. It's not something that
we're very proud of. Anyone who would put
a university designed for Arizona in Albany.
New York, is a foot. The SUNY Arizona
thing was just a joke to make fun of those

true. although many will argue against it.

MYTH i: If your roommate commits
suicide. you get a 4.0.

At ﬁrst, we wondered if it was true or not.
But the rumor lost its credibility when we
heard that if your suitemate commits suicide
you get a 3.5. Too much ofa formula. This is
just a myth.
all of my bets with the desk since."
ORIGIN: When otir research began. our first
lead was that this was a rumor started by the
administration to attract people to the
school. but this is simply not the case. In
i961. an undergraduate. distraught about
not getting into the Business School. jumped
from the penthouse on indian Quad. His
roommate. let's call him Vinnie. was shocked
by the incident, but got over it rather quickly.
Vinnie was a very conscientious business stu-
dent. so his school work kept his mind ot‘t‘ the
experience. Vinnie ended his semester with a
4.0 to the surprise of his friends. litany of
whom could not believe that he could do so
well after such a traumatic experience. Vin-
nie. not wanting people to think that he was
cold and insensitive. told his friends that the
school gave him the 4.0 because of his room-
mate. and the word spread quickly.

By Ian 8 oil. um, Clements
trait tt'klrlz‘lt

Central Council passed a resolution at its
Wednesday night meeting which called for a
ban of all American Princesses Everywhere
(APEs) from the State University of New
York at Albany.

In other business. Council witnessed the
first Student Association President~Vicc

President Jerry Snide Z-Zl. 2l-I9. ZI-6. Snide
complained that Lowenbrauhad loosened his
paddle during a timeout and that “he
(Lowenbrau) was getting all the calls his way
from the judges." Snidc said that Lowcnbrau
had appointed all “his friends as judges."

The wrestling final was a blowout. as
Council representatives Steve "The Fighting
I Phil050phcr" Rousseau and Maureen “The
President Celebrity Ping-Pong Match and Irate irishwornan“ Casey defeated the “State

the 8th Annual Central Quad Stranglers," Dan Antnian and Steve
Council Tag-Team Wrestl- centfal Gumby. The turning point of the match was
tng Championship. the ‘Social Contact" move applied by

The anti-APE resolution council Rousseau on Gumby. Gumby w

was passed by a slim majori- untwist his arms after the move and proved
ty. iS-I3. Opponents of the bill claimed that useless for the remainder of the match
it was discriminatory against all primates. .
and humans in particular. This argument was
countered by the resolution's sponsor. Knecl
R. Schapp. “First of all," said Schapp,
"APEs are. by deﬁnition. non-generic. and
therefore. safe to print. APEiness is a state of
being which can be achieved by anyone
regardless of gender. race or ethnic group.
The much maligned Jewish American
Princess is just an unfairly overblown aspect
of All American Princesses Everywhere."

Coleen O'Fitzpatrick agreed wtih Schapp's
definition but voted against the bill. “i.
myself am a APE.“ she confessed to the
stunned Council. "you have never seen me
wear purple. but sometimes late at night i
don a "Flashdancc" sweatshirt and call Dad-
dy in Oceanside for more money."

In response to the criticism that the reso|u<
tion was discriminatory against so-called
JAPs. Schapp said. "It might be construed
so. but as it is well-known that the only
racists. bigots. scxlsts and homophobics on
campus work at the ASP, we have little fear .
that anyone will take this the wrong way." a.

In what was termed a "grudge" match. SA
President Rich Lowcnbrau beat SA Vice -

MYTH 2: The tower in the fountain is a
missile silo. This is true.

MYTH 3: There are tunnels leading from the
podium to the quads. Myth!

ORIGIN: This one was started by the ad-
ministration. In the early '70's. enrollment at
SUNYA was at a low, and the admissions
department. in an effort to ﬁnd out why.
took a survey of high school students on
Long island. What they found out was that
the overwhelming majority of students were
against SUNYA because of the cold weather.
Knowing that they had no control over the
weather. the administration begain to spread
a rumor that there were tunnels leading from
the quads to the podium. When students
came to visit they were given a tour of the
tunnels under the podium. and were told that
those tunnels led to the quads. One SUNYA
graduate who was a SUNYA tour guide in
the early ’70's was contacted and said. “I'd
take them Into the tunnels and we'd go from
the Campus Center to Social Science and i'd
say. ‘Well, here’s Indian Quad,‘ and they'd
never know. It all looks the same anyway.
especially at ﬁrst glance." Enrollment picked
up for the ﬁrst couple of years, but then the
truth got back to the high schools in the five
towns and enrollment was back down again.

The meeting was also highlighted by ap-
pearances from architect Edward Durrel
Stone and Vice-President for Affairs that
Nobody Else Really Cares to Deal With.
Robert Bore.

Stone claimed that he had c'
SUNYA's uptown campus d Slgncd

of my design." he lamented. “Albany just
gets too much snow. the snow creates an
unpleasant effect called ‘snowblindness' that
has crippled many an Albany State student."

V I _ change its location to a
site in Arizona. The resolution passed 2i-0.
Wow. Arizona. i could have a tan year-
round." exclaimed O‘Ft. 'patrick.
I Here. a dircet descen

music that contains
designed to provoke you

 

 

 

MYTHS: literyone at SUNYA is front Long
lsiaiid. This is ttot trtie. I met someone from

MYTl-l 6: The people at the Campus Center
'orniation Desk know everything. This is

ORIGIN: The argument that those at the in-
fo desk do know everything. stems from the
fact that many SUNYA sttrdcnts claim to get
all of their racing tips from the desk. One stu-
dent sald. “When i was a freshman, i heard
about it and ofcourse I didn‘t believe it. but I
figured why not try. so i called up and asked
who was gonna win at Saratoga in the fifth.
and the woman tells me ‘Lucky Lady.‘ and
whaddya know, she wins. I've been checking

This year. the administration. fearing that
the desk had become involved in organized
crime. came up with a plan to combat it.

 

 

“We figured that it he delayed the tcttutst- ut

the student directories." one ttllltldl Milli.
“the information desk would he too lllls\ to
do anything but look tip phone Illtlltllt'ts ll

scents to have worked."

MYTH 7: Everyone who lites on t tiltlillill
Quad is a jock. Uiisurc.

ORIGIN: This has been the hardest trite tu
verify so far. because people who don't Im-
on Colonial are only allowed to visit for pre-
registration. I know. I've only been allowed
there seven times in four years. iivcryouc l'\‘c
talked to seems to think that it's true. but
they haven't been there any more than I
have. So we’ll just leave this one its a ques-
tion mark.

There are many other questions at SUNYA
that will always remain uriansuerctt.
however. we hope that this article has
answered quite a few of the ones that tune
been on your mind.

APEs outlawed on SUN YA campus

UPS

SUNVA'a Nunzlo Leary
Not in story. but what a great picture.

throwing the government and/or watching
‘Dallas.' " According to Bore. artists Who-“c
songs include such mncssages are An“?t
Bryant and Mentrdo.

In his Executive Report. Lowcnbrau corti-

mended the ASP. “They do such a great jolt:
and all those ASP folks. they're just wonder
ful. One of the highlights of this year was
working with those lovely people." Lowen-
brau gushed.

After hours of ficrcly heated debate.
°““°“ Passed a resolution to end the
"Well"! Mid 80 home. As the sun rose 0W3!
"‘0 Campus Center. a tired Shapp cont-
mcmedi "I didn't want to go. i voted agniiil

' addina. "but it’s tomorrow, and the nep

time Is only three minutes away." ]

 

 

 

FRIDA Y MA If], I984 Ct ALBANY'STUDENT PAR

usi'c To Eat Babies

varpowertng. Invigorating. Frighten-
liigly organic yet arguably Orwellian.
These are Just a few of the adjectives
to describe the new album by the latest band to
arrive out of tlid recent Scandinavian Invasion:

.The Rising Sons of Sadistic Bowling Balls. The

album ls entitled Music to Eat Malaysian
Babies By and the group's message ls trium-
phant and clear with this release: hey. they
mean It. man.

 

Jonas Nachsin

 

The LP is characterized by a combination of
heavy iiietriI/ttvantc-gorde French 19205
nihilism with more mainstream Belgian and
Norwegian psychedelic fusion Influences. The
first single off the album. “Sllrny Mealworms
on Rye." is. of course. fantastically mind-
cxpandlng. but this song is more boldly
represented on the 12" disco extended longer
night version, and can be found In most
Stop-'n-Shrips.

Many of the other tracks. Including “99
Dead Chihuahuas." and “Go Kill the Meter-
mald." are characterized by undercutting.
driving. pumping. gliding. churning. chugging
bass lines and pounding. martial. militant. fast.
driving drumming. In other words. bassist
Wasth Life. and stickman lman Uglyhuman

.form a tight. solid. backbreaklng rhythm sec-

tion: also. they play well. ”
Side two opens with “Song About Acorns.

and this cut displays obvious Oesterrelchlan

and early Lithuanian revivallst Influences.

m t l
KID-DING

yeahl

 

 

After a nine and a half minute tnstrumantal'

break In the middle of the song.
stnger/gultarist/lyricist/Herpes victim Spit
Sanctuary lets out an earth-shattering. gut-
wrenchlng scream. exclaiming. “My mother
died for your barbecued Intestines!" it's great

.when a band can balance great music. good

fun. and serious politically relevant statements
such as this.

Throughout the rest of Babies. the listener ls
treated to lead guitarist/part-tlme
bowler/afterblrth Dripping Mucous‘ scorching.

- tng. ‘
DONG — Let's hang the children!

and then we'll have more

so we can hang them too!

yeah! what fun!

NOT lF WE'RE ANDROGENOUS

but then you'll have to change
the meaning of boy-girl.

WHAT MEANS TO BE

or what means not to be. that

I Is the question.

TO BE NOT the gentler of the two

—-netthor me nor you.

Punching

ls lots of fund.

But vamplrlsm is definitely more exciting.
The suck. suck. suck

backswards as you do!

That's disgusting — stupid PIG

It is not to be locked Into one surface
to not expose another.
It's an amoeba.
BUT IT looks coooool
You're the mother of my baby!
7 AND FATHER of your mother!
that makes you a sleaze. whore. slut. pr0<
slltute.plmp . . .

pink cadlllacs In hell.

And what are you Persephone?
I‘m going to spit on you!
d . . . ?

The En

by Michelle Krell

 
 

fllt' s emc issue

iﬁiss VJ: gotn‘ds‘lop e. ca le
"RigormOTlS bul’ the idea
bored us stiff. Sdo Jt‘iisls ue
’ ' a t .

0’erou+ Iii llfclffea plo.

   
      
 

   
 

forget

 

NOT R VIEWED BY

it ed
:rnfakecg’off

lasses

. I‘VE
tch THAT.

 

 

‘worklng as test pilots at Edwards Alrforce

 

raw. crunching. ball-busting. loud. fast. guitar-
lnfluenced guitar solos. Mucous Is a first-rate
artist. and has prvlously played with the likes
of The Plasma Brigade. Stinkyfinger. and the
notorious Gerbils on Heroin. The songwriting
team of Mucous/Sanctuary create mean-
Ingful. political. sociallstic. uplifting. and rele-
vant youth/punk/leeracclan anthems which

communicate feelings of despair. hope. angst.
power. anger. vengeance. triumph. and
ultimately, vomiting. it's obviously the mood

 

  
  

9b..

    

cunts here. .
tlugiistiage. The Sons are as vibrant and
revolting as they are on record. Their live
show is power-packed and chock-full of sur-
prises. ltke the concert at the Burnt-Out Hlpci
pies Turned Hardcore Hypocrites Folk an
Classical Music Festival back In 79. At this
show. Mucous actually hurled a live Nassau
County policeman Into the befuddled crowd.
stating prophettcally. "My brain Is a mass of
useless nothingness."

Although The Sons are usually disgustingly
distasteful and violently visceral. they also
have their share of candid. emotional.
touching moments. These occur most fre-
quently-In their ballad-Influenced ballads. ln
“Memories of a Tapeworm.". Sanctuary
cries/moans/murmtirs/wlilspers/defecates.
“l |ovod you. but you took my Spam. ' Teary-
eyed. the listener can relect on this moment of
solace and suffering with heartfelt pity and gut-
busttng. madcap hysteria.

All In all. Bab/es is a complete. finished.
‘ogether work and Is also blatantly choppy In
:ts scope and ltstertne. it's pwerful, relaxing.
fantastic. the best record ever created using
the best musicians and best producers, and an
Instant classic. Also. I like It. It’s. like. really
good. OK? So. like. go out. like. and buy this
record — and If you get a chance to see The
Sons live. man. don't. and Irepeat. don 't miss
It. Just remember to bring a high-powered

-chain saw. a big stupid fat grin. and a blc
.llghter. and you‘ll be all set. Political. Heavy.
like. wow . . . Cl

Focus On Film

erhaps one of the most unique films of
the year. Silkwood Splashes with the
Right Stuff in a Big Chill. combines
family entertainment. political activism.
American legends. and self-lndulgent drama
with a great soundtrack and passable acting.

Jim Capozzola‘
'and‘ Gail Merrell

When a mermaid. JllSl back from a two-
week Crlrlll orbit goes to work for Kerr-McGee.
she meets up with a group of her college
friends. Disappointed with her decision to
Work fur 1‘ nuclear power plant. they pressure
her to steal records from the company to sup-
port their typically hysterical and whiney
IUIifl-ish protests against nuclear power. (Will
these people never give up?) However.
unable to drive a car with her flippers. she
drives off the road and Is killed. Following the
accident. her activist friends fabricate a story
about corporate corruption In the industry. a
story believed only by those employed by the
New York Times.

The story takes place In a big house on a lot
of land in an undefined location. with no
neighbors close by. The late inermnid's friends
stay there and listen to John Glenn 5 great 605
records while working out their problems and
reminiscing about the fun they had In the crazy
’60:; when they broke the sound barrier while

 

 

 

Base.

The movie almost comes to a standstill as
the viewer Is subjected to the endless stories
each friend has to tell about the meaningless
problems each has faced and their efforts to
relate to the death of their mermaid friend. A
most movlng tale Is told by Cher. who
remembers that the last time she talked to the
mermaid. she told her to go lump in a take.
This. however. was after the break up of their
torrid lesbian relationship.

Most amazing was the ability of the friends
to discuss their problems for hours. drinking
endless glasses of wine and cups of coffee
without ever having to make a trip to the
bathroom. \

One of the friends. Alan Shepard. finally
does have to relieve himself. but cannot
because he Is in his capsule. Technicians final-
ly allow Alan to go In his suit. but the concen-
tration of heat causes Alan to get radiation
contamination. foreshadowing his eventual
demise. '

Cher. distressed over her mermaid friend 5
death. tries to begin a relationship with Kevin
Kline. a drunken astronaut who retires and
runs a nuclear power plant. Failing in this rela-
tlonshlp she approaches Glenn Close. in a
futile attempt to convert the latter into a mer-
maid. Close can't swim and drowns. despite
Cher's and John Glenn‘s desperate attempts
to safe her by offering Marvin Gaye s
grapevine as a life line.

The movie picks up Just in time for the sur-
prise cndlng. when Alan Shepard gets herpes.
Alan's mother joins him and his friends Insthe

 

   

 

 

 

wrap: , 

V 1 .c— #43,:

