 

  
 
 

 

~ Soviet sub In trouble
t, _ _ _  . v Tokyo
(AP);A Soviet submarine carrying ballistic
: missiles was. drifting Thursday in the
Japan Sea .off Matsue, 380 miles west'of
‘v-‘t Tokyofand a column of smoke was com-
; ing out‘of the vessel's conning tower, the

  

 ‘ Defense Agency said. ‘

y Shortly after a Japanese Self-Defense
' Force patrpi plane sighted the Golf ll class
submarine‘at ":30 AM off Matsue, the
submarine went under water for two and
onerhalf hours and then surfaced, the
newspaper said. i I
, When the submarine surfaced. there was
no more 'smoke coming from the vessel.
the newspaper quoted a Defense Agency
officialas saying.
Earlier, Defense Agency spokesman
Yoichiro Morita had speculated the sub-
marine was drifting due to engine erIll‘th

Pope calls for reform

Ottawa, Canada
(AP) Pope John Paul ll on'Thursday reaf-
firmed the traditional church doctrines he
has espouSed on his 12-day . 8,500-mile
journey through Canada. and called once
again for economic. and political reform.
in a farewell talk to the Roman Catholic
bishops of Canada, a nation swept by

 

   

[Korldtbide ., - 

liberal social trends. the pontiff cautioned
- againstbeing stvayed by modern opinion.
"We must proclaim the Good News of
God in season and out of season," said the
pope, expressing concern about
widespread abortion, ar’tilicial contracep-
tion and premarital sex. »

Later. in his last sermon‘in. Canada, ad-J

dressing more than l00.000 people at an
outdoor Mass, John Paul ll deplored

I economic and political injustice as the root v_

of war, and questioned the rationale for

today's.‘nuciear arms 'race - that it helps

keep the peace. .

' Nationwide r

 

 

 

Meese absolved

Washington

(AP) A special prosecutor absolved Edwin

Meese ill of any criminal misbehavior on

Thursday, and President Reagan predicted

his long-time friend would win Senate con-

firmation next year and become “a truly
I distinguished attorney general."

Special prosecutor Jacob A. Stein said
he found no basis for “the bringing of a
prosecution" against Meese. who was ac-
cused of ethical misconduct and rewarding
friends with government jobs in exchange
for loans and other financial favors.

But .Stein stressed he could not render
judgment on anything but the legality of

 

 

Meese's actions, saying questions about
the presidential counselor's ethics or pro-
priety were for others to judge. ‘
Meese's chief critic on .the Senate
Judiciary Committee, Sen. Howard
Metzenbaum." D-Ohio. said there were in-
consistenciesbetween what Stein reported

and testimony heard by thecommittee and ‘f‘

"called new for Meese to ask'Reagan "to

- withdraw hisi name from consideration for

x . .

' attoritey gelgdral." ' ’ .
Budget comproMIse

Washington

i (AP) President Reagan and congresssional

i'eaders‘agree‘d Thursday on a compromise,
3292 billion'defense budget. coupled with
restrictions on MX missile production that
would allow either the House or Senate to
kill the nuclear weapon in votes after next
April. .

_ Terms of the “agreement in principle,"
disclosed by sources who spoke only on
condition that 'they not be identified,
represent a major victory for House

Democrats who opposethe MX and had .

demanded the Senate retreat from a spen-
ding package totaling $299 billion for
defense.

The budget figure would represent a
“real,” or inﬂation-adjusted, increase of
about 5 percent for military spending over
the past year. Reagan originally sought
$3l3 billion for fiscal l985, an increase of
more than l3 percent, But later revised that
request to the $299 billion figure accepted
by the Senate.

  

 

 

1‘
HEIDI DRALLA ASP

' Students hanging out In the fountain and taking advantage of lhe~nice weather while the sun still shines over Albany.

 

 

W
Guilty plea tiled
' ‘ l V New York

(AP) Threeawoi‘kers‘at a Bronx day care
center pleaded innocent Thursdayafter be-

ing indicted on “'4 counts of sexual abuse,
_ sodomy and rape of children ranging in
age, from 4 to 8 years old. ' ‘

Bronx District Attorney Mario Merola
announced the indictments and defended
his pursuit of the investigation, saying sex
abuse of children was “a disgraceful con-
dition that exists not only in Bronx County
but throughout the United States."

He said 'the current indictments involve
l5 of 60 alleged victims his office was
investigating.

Dumps defended

New York
(AP) A witness at a hearing on the ties of
organized crime to toxic waste disposal
told of town landfill operators accepting
bribes from hazardous waste truckers and
said it is "absolutely, unequivically" im-
possible to be honest and independent in
the garbage business.

The FBI-protected witness testified
under heavy guard at a hearing of the state
Assembly Environmental Conservation
Committee on Wednesday. His name was
given as Harold Kaufman, but his ap-
pearance was hidden by a screen and his
voice disguised by an electronic device.

Kaufman testified that he dumped toxic
waste at the Al Tttri Landfill in the Orange
County Community of Goshcn for a firm
owned by Louis Mongelli. a major garbage
hauler in the Mid-Hudson region. He said
Mongelli, for whom he worked for about
five months, works within an organized
crime network that controls the garbage
business throughout New York, New

Jersey. and in major ditics across the coun-

try.

Poll results conflict

‘ Albany
(AP) President Reagan either has a
substantial lead over Democratic
challenger Walter Mondale in New York
or is locked in a “statistical dead heat” for
the state's 36 electoral votes. according to
the results of two separate polls released
Thursday. ' 4

Of 510 “likely voters" surveyed last
week, 45.! percent said they favored the
Reagan ticket while 44.8 percent said they
would support Mondale, according to Lee
Miringoff, director of the Marist College
institute for Public Opinion in
Poughkeepsie.

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

them to Prof. William Reedy
(SS 346) or to his mailbox.
“Aloha To Summer" party

CSA any CSA members in-
terested in soccer and
volleyball should attend the

at 458-7605.

to 4 pm. For more informa-
tion call Dwayne Sampson

The Gay and Lesbian
Alliance will hold a

Free Listings

Photo Service will hold
their interest meeting on
Sunday September 23 at 8
pm. In CC 305. interested
people should have their
oWn 35 mm camera and
some darkroom experience.
For more information call
457-8867.

Phi Alpha Theta the history
honor society is accepting
applications for member.
ship. Deadline is Wednes-
day September 26. Get ap-
plications from the History
office,(SS 341) and return

 

will be held in Brubacher
Hall on Alumni Quad on
Saturday September 22 at 9

pm. An air-band contest

will be held and tickets and
contest sign-ups will be on
dinner lines. The event, is
sponsored by Dutch Quad's
Club B-V and DJ Michael
Morgan of 92-FLY.

“Spend a Night with Hats
Shades and More" in Col-
onial‘s Livingston Tower on
Saturday September 22 at
9:30 pm. Tickets are $2
with tax card -and $3
without. Wear your coolest
hate and shades! '

practice sessions. Soccer
Is on Saturday September
22 at 12:30 on the field bet-
ween indian Quad and the
Biology Building. Volleyball
is on Sunday September 23
at 1 pm. for women and 2
pm. for men In Gym D.

The Capital District Branch
of the NABSW will hold a
reception for Incoming and
returning undergraduate
Rockefeller College Minori-
ty Social Welfare Students.
The receptiOn will: take
place on Wednesday'f'IOc.
tober 3 In D ' Hall's

 

Albany NAACP will hold its
membership meeting Sun-
day September 23 at 3:30
pm. at Temple Beth El,‘ 151
Jay St., Albany. The
featured speaker will be Dr.
Ernest Lavender. For addi-
tional information call the
NAACP office at 462-1823.

Work-ln-Progress Lecture
Series History professor
Warren Roberts will give a
lecture entitled “Jacques
Louie David: Some Dif-
ferent Perspectives" on
Tuesday September 25 at 4
pm. In HU 353.

wprkshop on Gay and Les-
bian parenting on Tuesday
September 25 at 8:30 pm.
in CC 375. All are welcome.
Student Health Insurance
deadline is Friday October
5. Any students interested
in signing up should go to
the Student Health Center.
Group Fair Day will be held
on the podium on Tuesday
September 25 from noon
until 4 pm.

Off Campus Association
will hold a meeting on Sun-
day September’ 23 at 7 pm.
In the SA office (CC 116). All
off campus students are
welcome to attend.

 

“Old Albany“  , from2

 

 

 

 

By Leslie Chalt

When Student Association officials talk-
ed about making unbudgeted expenditures
last year. Adam Barsky, SA Controller at
the time, would often‘ threaten them with
the risk of bankruptcy. _

A year later, SA's financial future looks
a little brighter. For the first time in several
years, SA's auditing firm says SA came
out In the black.

For this past year. SA had a surplus of
$47,397, which was returned to the general
fund. The general fund now has approx-
imately $20,000 in it, with another $30,000
in expected revenue.

in the past year, SA earned, from the
mandatory student activity fee, interest,
and event revenues, $9l8,909. They spent
$871,512.

Current SA Controller Richie Golubow.
President Rich Schaffer and Vice Presi-
dent Suzy Aulctta all said that they were
pleased with the results of the audit, ad-
ding that in their opinion, Barsky, con-
troller for the 1983-84 year. deserves most
of the credit for the favorable audit.

In the past, SA has been criticized for
allowing too much time to lapse between
the date a student group runs an event and
the date they deposit their income from the
event. This has raised questions about the
money's whereabouts and its uses.

The money taken in from an event is
supposed to be deposited within 24 hours
or the next business day. However, past
audits have shown that groups wait three
to four days before depositing the money.
When the money is not deposited rigltt
away, SA loses interest on the funds.

Auletta said that the way this time gap
can be stopped is to set up a system under
which group leaders must follow finance
policies to the letter. Golubow said that
this year, all financial policies have been
made clear, and that so far, group leaders
are following the rules.

Schaffer said he was “relieved” by the
results of the audit. because when he took
over in his first term as president in l983.

Cory Frender recalled as ‘one

By Heidi Graiia
NEWS (EDITOR

A somber crowd gathered on State Quad
Thursday to plant a tree in memory of
Cory Frender. He would have been a
junior this fall.

Frender had spent two years at SUNYA,
before muscular dystrophy claimed his life
this summer.

“He started like lots of freshmen."
recalled Wes Cable, Frender’s former
residence director. “He was sort of scared.
he didn't know how to relate to other peo-
ple and he had the wheelchair to worry
about."

But, Cable explained, “he was one of

Harm anus ASP
Tree being planted on State Quad in
memory a former SUNYA student Cory
Frender, who died of muscular
dystrophy this summer:

 

 

.._. My...“ .., .

SA was $98,000 over budget. and no
money was available to allocate to groups
not part of the original budget for the
year.

However, with the results of this year's
audit, Schaffer said that SA is in a much
better position financially and is recover-
ing from their previous financial
difficulties.

Auletta said that the firm of Coopers
and Lyband, who performed the audit,
took into account SA‘s needs when com-
pleting the audit. “We are not an average
organization." she said. They had to
“adapt to the policies of SA and how
things are rtln, since we have a different
type of budget than most organizations."

The annual budgetary process begins
when the Budget Committee, considering
the various groups‘ requests, draws up a
preliminary budget. The president reviews
it, makes any changes he or she wants, ap-
proves it, and sends it to Central Council,
which goes over it and votes on it.

Under Barsky, groups that failed to
meet their income lines. (the money a
group is expected to return to SA), had
their budgets frozen. For the first time in
almost three years last year, SA operated
within its budget, said Schaffer.

Golubow, last year‘s programtning
director, said things went well overall last
year. There was, he said a good deal of
pressure on him to help groups make their
income lines, because SA needed to im-
prove their financial situation.

As programming director, Golubow
said he kept watch on what events were be-
ing planned by groups, and checked to see
that the groups stayed within their
budgets. Golubow said that he and Bar-
sky, working together, served as a “double
watchdog."

Director of Student Programming Patty
Saikin said she will watch over groups,
guide them and make sure that group
leaders are aware of financial policies per-
taining to thc depositing of money as soon
after an event as possible.

our success stories. He really learned how
to make friends and get along with people
.. and he had a real sense of humor too."
He became, Cable added. “one of the
gang."

in his two years at SUNYA. Frcnder ap—
parently touched a wide variety of people.
The brief tree planting ceremony was at-
tended by students, members of the
residence staff, administrators, and the
woman who cleans lrving Hall, where
Frendcr lived both years at SUNYA.

The tree, donated by the physical plant
department, is planted on the right side of
the path from the Cooper-Fulton corner of
State to the tower. it stands without any
explanation. “We thought about a plaque,
but that was a little too morbid, we wanted
something that was living, growing 
something that would remind us of him,"
Cable explained.

Frender's friends arranged the
ceremony. Most of them looked on‘quictly
as Cable said a few words and piled some
dirt over the tree’s roots. They lingered for
a moment afterward to share a few
memories of their friend.

 

"rad-w o_w~_~.....' l1A—hmv'uu—AC'. hm.-4 I ..... .» -mm-n..t...,...,4-..-.......

FRfDA Y, SEPTEMBER 21. 1984 El ALBANY .1

,Q   Summer audit straws-ex is in the black?

Groups that did poorly last year will be
watched more closely this year. Saikin
promised.

if a group is continuously overspending

its budget, a closer look is taken at that

group to see if they are putting enough-

work into publicity for their events. and in
how events are managed. This analysis,
Golubow said, helps SA determine the best
way to help a group become fiscally
responsible because it helps SA officials
spot chronic problems.

Another policy, known as plus-use in-
come, allows a group to use money made

  

 

 

 

aoe soucv ops
Richie Golubow

 

Watches over group spending

over their income line for additional
events, provided the controller and council
approve the expenditures. Golubow said
the policy is an incentive for groups to
meet their income lines.

Schaffer said he does not anticipate
many group budgeting problems. "There
are ground rules and everything should be
gotten on line. SA is here to serve the en-
tire university community. This means that
everyone should have the right to join any
group that they wish," f

of the gang’

Their favorite recollection, they easily
agreed, was the "Send Cory to Mars" par-
ty they held last year. They put on hats,
l-‘rcnder wore a big sign saying. “Send me
to Mars," and they ended up in the dorm
lobby where they took pictures of the
whole event.

"It was pretty spontaneous,‘mostly just
an excuse to drink." said Vincent Grenier,
Frcndcr's roommate freshman year.

“Cory just loved it, he loved being in the
middle of it," Cable added.

Frcndcr’s death was not completely ex-
pected, according to Nancy Belowich,
Director of Disabled Student Services.
“He‘d been getting steadily weaker. They
knew he had a limited life span but i don‘t
think anybody thought it would happen so
soon,“ she said. "Cory never lived his life
like he had a limited life span. He lived
every day for what it was worth and he got
the most he could out of it,” she recalled.

Turning his wheelchair to leave, .lohn
Mcirs, who'd known Frender since their
freshman year, explained. “He was a good
guy, that’s all there is to it. They don't

'come much better." [Tl
' ‘ l3, ‘ ~'l

  

 

Terroristiin U H
Lebanon ibomb’s‘t

blast kills 23' 

(AP) ’ I ' Beirut, Lebanon A

careened past concrete barriers and
through a fusillade of gunfire Thursday,
and blew up at the doors of the U,S_.
Embassy annex. Police said 23 people
were killed in the blast and the Pen-V
tagon reported two of the dead' were
Americans.

Lebanese state radio initially put the

as 40 people may have perished.

The blast tore into the lower stories
of the six-story building, injuring as
many as 60 people. including the British
and American ambassadors and 2t
other Americans, police and emergency
officials said. .

in Washington. the Pentagon iden-
tified the American dead as Army Chief
Warrant Officer Kenneth V. Welch, 33,
whose mother lives in Grand Rapids,
Mich.. and Navy Petty Officer lst Class
Michael Ray Wagner, 30, of Zebulon,
N.C.

Police and embassy officials said they
believed the gunfire from Lebanese and
American guards prevented the van
from driving into a basement parking
lot and blowing up the entire building.

The explosion ripped a crater l6 feet
wide near the building. Local radio sta-
tions quoted police as saying the van
was laden with as much as 385 pounds
of TNT, and that it carried fake Dutch
diplomatic license plates. State televi-
sion said the van also was fitted with
four Soviet-made rockets, adding to the
force of the explosion.

US. Marine guard Cpl. Larry'Gill of
Mobile, Ala., said he was on duty at the
entrance to the embassy annex when the
bombing occurrcd.

“We heard shooting, saw it, the van
skidding - then the lights went out,”
said Gill, who suffered cuts and bruises
and was being given oxygen as he talked
to reporters. He was partially buried in
rubble . bttt said “i think l‘m OK."

United for a day in outrage and
sadness. President Reagan and
challenger Walter F. Mondale spoke
with a single voice Thursday in condem-
ning the terrorist bomb attack.

Reagan and Vice President George
Bush vowed the United States would
not be driventout of the Mideast by
such attacks, while their Democratic
opponents. who have questioned ad-
ministration policies in the region,
made no such statement.

But otherwise their words were
almost interchangeable. carrying no
partisan twinge.

Reagan spoke of “a moment ofanger
and sorrow" in reaction to the attack
by terrorists “opposed to everything we
stand for." Mondale cxprcssct “shock
and outrage“ at an “irrational, The
anonymous phone call that follows the
horrifying deed has become almost a
ritual in the Middle East.

A bombing, assassination or kidnap-
ping occurs, and the phone rings in a
news office. The caller reads a carefully
worded statement, never identifies
himself and hangs up if asked to say
more.

On Thursday the call came about 90
minutes after the explosion. A man
telephoned the Beirut office of the
French news agency Agence France-
Prcssc to claim responsibility for the
bombing on behalf of lslamic Jihad.

Generally, lslamic Jihad and various
other groups claim responsibility for at-
tacks aimed at American or lsracli in-
terests. lsiatnic Jihad, for example,
claims to have kidnapch three
Americans still missing from west

5»

 

u.s. Embassy; ,

A van driven by a suicide bomber '

death toll at to, but later said as many‘ '

 

 

 

‘ a: pa...— Wonk-“nanniem .M-‘b :5. '

, s

 

