 

i
E

 

 

By Lisa Strain "
CONTIIUUTINU sonar:

A former SUNYA professor
ﬁled an appeal lut month to a
lawsuit she lost in August
against SUNY Central. She
charged in the suit that she was
ﬁred for not hiring an instructor

. who is now President O'Leary’s
wife. '

 

Chinese Studies program Yu-

shih Chen has been involved in a ,

legal battle for two years.

Chen had accused university .

officials of justifying her

dismissal in August 1982 by

tampering with her personnel

file and fabricating a
chronology of events to cover

up their actions.

Believing that University
President Vincent O'Leary had
unfairly caused her to be
dismissed, Chen then ﬁled a
gnevance notice with both the
United University Professions
(UUP) union and the Cover-
nor's. Office of Employee
Relations(0ER).

ln response, the SUNY Cen-
tral Administration. against
which the grievance was ﬁled,
made a settlement with Chen,
promising her that a committee
would review her for tenure and
renewal.

But, asserts Chen’s lawyer
Leonard Walter in her appeal.
Chen was not reviewed for
tenure in accordance with the
settlement.

“What we learned through
the lawsuit is that they didn't do
that," said Walter. “Essentially
they determined whether or not

Former Director of SUNYA's

  
    

Yu-shlh Chen

She claims she did not get the tenure review she was promised

O'Leary had done anything
wrong in determining her
renewal for tenure. The focus
isn’t on whether or not the
Committee's decision was pro-
per — it is on whether or not full
tenure review was achieved."
Walter said.

I “The Committee kept itself
ignorant and didn’t consider the
whole picture which the settle-
ment required," asserted
Walter.

Chen ﬁled the lawsuit last Oc-
tober after the committee ap‘
pomted by SUNY-Central ruled

4  1:1 «Fawn moo-mean 5. 19M

    

PS

that Chen’s tenure denial and
dismissal was warranted. The
court heard the case last spring
and after deliberating for four
months, ruled this August that
SUNY has not violated any laws
or contract agreements made
concerning Chen's dismissal.

Chen claimed in the lawsuit
that she was dismissed because
she had insisted that Li-hua Yu,
who later became O’Leary's
wrfe, go through an open
recruitment process to get a job
wrth SUNYA‘s Chinese Studies
Program, where Yu had worked

several years before

Chen charged that Yu hart at~
tempted to "bypass c M
recruitment” and that when
Chen opened the position to
competition Yu did not apply.
Chen has accused O’Leary of
then intervening on his future
wife's behalf, culminating in
Chen’s dismissal.

During the court hearing, ad-
ministration officials had
asserted that Chen’s unwill-
ingness to work with others in
the department. not personal in-
tervention by O’Leary, had
resulted in her dismissal.

Chen was hired as Director of
the Chinese Studies program at
SUNYA in 1978. In l980 she ap-
plied for early tenure and
renewal of appointment with,
she claimed, "full support”
from faculty members and John
Shumaker, then Dean of
Humanities and Fine Arts.

In May of 1980 Chen received
a letter from O’Leary stating
that the a University Review
Committee had denied her re-
quest for tenure. The letter had

suggested that publishing more
of her work might increase her
chances for tenure.

In September of 1980, after
receiving the only award for
Chinese literature granted by the
National Endowment for the
Humanities(NEH), Chen took a
leave of absence to publish some
work. She returned the follow-
mg ‘semester, and expected,she
said to be reviewed for and
granted tenure.

But, according to Chen, in
April 1981 she received a letter .

 

from Shumaker stating. without
explanation. that her appoim.
ment was to be terminated
August l982.

.At that time, O'Leary in.
dicated that personality con.
fircts might have been a factor in
Chen’s case. He requested a
revtew of the case both within
and outside the university. The
results of the review. O’Leary
said at the time. were
satisfactory.

The grievance Chen ﬁled after
her dismissal was denied at all
three levels of the review pro.
cess, according to UUP Field
Representative John Ryan. The
three levels include campus,

I Chancellor and state reviews.

“in the review Chcn was or.
fered an opportunity for a
review of tenure, which under
those circumstances was
unusual,"Ryan said. A three
person committee, appointed by
the SUNY Chancellor Clifton
Wharton. was established as
part of the settlement agreement
ﬁled with the Governor‘s Ofﬁce
of Employee Relations.

Chen's lawyer claimed,
however, that Donald 0' Dowd,
Chen’s representative on the
Chancellor's Committee. had
informed her in June of 1983
that the Committee did not
review her for renewal and
tenure. O’ Dowd could nOl be
reached for comment.

Vice President for University
Affairs Lewis Welch said, “Ap-
parently-he (the judge) did not
ﬁnd her arguments compelling.
The judicial decision sustained

15>

 

EEEEE ¥§¥¥§l¥
§§E¥§E§E§§

. (SUN YA Campus Center)
Friday, October 5 5:45 p.m.(Kol Nidre)
Saturday, October 6 9:30 a.m. (All Day)
Shofar Blowing 7:00 p.m I
(followed by light Break-Fast in Ballroom)

Conservative Service in Ballroom t“-
Orthodox Service in Assembly Hall
_V_—\——-\_\n

 
  

ﬁ'gﬁM“—-—M.=

gu‘“mmﬁ_§§'~‘w—

mggsm—jgggﬁg
=‘=;=':'=.=:_~&_m

i

fill
fill
tutti
ii

iii

 

_ E g ~ '-
E.‘h-—~ m .-..._.. a E g:
" * - 27“: % =35 -‘
.. 54:... a a
an: § .-
__.. m” 3.1: g _== ~ ~__
"‘ M~~ $5.... =55: Ea -

 

For further information, please contact Jay Kellman
at Chapel House (489-8573)

 

  

red=i5iréif""7trappeat “suitagainst squ officials l
ngiiiii**iiiiiiiiitit

ROTC Protests banbn campus. Cielﬂé’ tab-""3 '0

Council votes to continue stance

By Tom Bergen

Central Council voted to uphold its decision to bar ROTC from
tabling in the Campus Center. even though several cadets attended
the meeting Wednesday night to protest the resolution.

.The Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC) pays students to train
to become commissioned Army ofﬁcers. Since Army policy does not '
allow gays or lesbians to become officers, Student Association of-
vﬁcials decided their non-discrimination policy and ROTC's policy
conﬂicted.

The original resolution banning ROTC was passed l5 - 3
September 19, Wednesday's vote to rescind the resolution failed
l6 - 5.

ROTC had been unaware of the resolution when it was first passed.
The cadets attended Wednesday night’s council meeting to explain
their opposition to the decision.

Although the resolution does not bar ROTC from any other
recruitment activity on campus, ROTC cadets said they felt that de-
nying them tabling rights in the Campus Center would seriously
hamper their recruitment efforts, and negatively affect the future of
ROTC on campus.

“ROTC is designed to be a part of the curriculum of the Universtiy
and as such it is open to any student otherwise qualiﬁed to attend any
other course offered by the school." said ROTC Captain Jim Daron.

“There is no reason why a homosexual could not take ROTC."
Capt. Daron maintained, adding that the Army's commissioning pro-
gram is separate and distinct from ROTC.

However, SA contended in their resolution that allowing all

ROTC L
ROTC contends that the resolution would deprive them of their rights of free speech and assembly.

constitutional rights to free

 

FRIDAY.  ‘ . “f

 

 

 

  

Brian VonGrol, a Gay and Les- was pleased the cadets had had 3

students to participate isn't enough.

“The goal of the vast majority of SUNYA students when enrolling
in ROTC courses would be the attainment of a placement in the for-
mal commissioning program," from which gays and lesbians are ex-
cluded, the resolution stated.

Opponents of the resolution pointed out that many students on
campus rely on ROTC scholarships for their education.

They also contended that the resolution would deprive ROTC of its

Riley awarded $282,000 to
' study alcohol and the fetus

another similar effect."

By Robln P. Katz

speech and free assembly. Coun-
cil member Gregg Stackel said
"In effect. we are denying con-
stitutional rights because the
federal government is denying
constitutional rights." This is the
wrong way to deal with ROTC’s
discrimination, he said.

STAFF WRITER

bian Alliance member. applauded
the resolution. saying that, “it
shows an initiative on SA's part
to eliminate discrimination on
campus in those areas they have
control of."

After the debate. ROTC cadet
executive Tim Taylor said that he

chance to state their views on the
issue, but would not comment
when asked if they had any plans
to further appeal the resolutions.
it is unclear who they could ap-
peal the resolution to; SA
Supreme Court and University
Council are both possibilities.

New phone system slated
for faculty, administration

By Judith Geschwlnd

 

 

 

“With exposure to high alcohol levels,
children are born with speciﬁc facial ab-
normalities. They also can be slightly
retarded," Riley said, adding, “There has
been little work with children who don't
look like they have fetal alcohol syndrome,
but the long-term consequences . . . that
occur with exposure to alcohol are quite
serious. The children can have 10's of 100
and still have a learning or behavioral
disability."

A SUNYA professor whose research
was inspired by a 60 Minutes segment on
alcohol and pregnancyhas been awarded a
five year. $282,000 grant to continue his
studies.

Associate Professor of Psychology Ed-
ward P. Riley has received a‘ Research
Scientist Development Award from the
National institute of Alcohol Abuse and
Alcoholism. to study the effects of low
doses of alcohol on the fetus.

“The grant will enable me to be free of
my university duties," said Riley, who is
best know by undergrads for teaching ln-
troduction to Psychology. “l will be able
to devote more time to my reasearch” on
fetal alcohol syndrome, he added.

To show that low alcohol doses effect
the fetus, Riley is experimenting with rats.
“Rats can be raised in a constant environ—
ment and be fed only alcohol." he explain-
ed. “We can easily contr‘ol what they in-
gest and study their genetic makeups."
Since women who drink usually smoke as
well, and tend to be undernourished. Riley
said. “It’s hard to tell . . . if the alcohol
did indeed cause their child (to have) the
disability." ’ .

Riley said that from his work with rats
he has found behavioral changes occuring
after certain amounts of exposure to
alcohol. "No physical handicaps have
been discovered as of yet." he said. .

Riley is hopeful that his experiments
with rats will help make clearer the effects
of alcohol on the unborn. "Rats have a lot
of genetic similarities towards humans. i
believe we have a good model." he said.

Psychology Chair Donn Byrne explain-
ed that the award provides funds to hire
another professor. freeing Riley from
teaching duties, although, Byrne said,
Riley can decide to teach a course if he
wants to. in the meantime, John Hannigan
has been hired as a visiting professor.

Riley said he began his work in I975,
trying to prove that mothers who consume
even low doses of alcohol during pregnan-
cy can harm the unborn fetus. He explain-
ed his inspiration, saying, "l saw a seg-
ment of 60 Minutes on the effects (of) high
alcohol doses during pregnancy on the
fetus. i wanted to see if low doses had

“The grant will
enable me to be free
of my university
duties.”

—Edward P. Riley

K.

M" CONEN UPS

 

The SUNYA administration is hoping to cut its phone bill by $ll4,000 next year.
A new multi-million dollar phone system is being installed in SUNYA's faculty and
administrative ofﬁce. The entire system is expected to be in service by the end of
March I985, according to Karen Zimmers, SUNYA's Director of
Telecommunications. ~

Thesystem has been leased frotn Continental Telephone Company (Contel) for a 10
year period. it will replace the New York Telephone equipment now being rented.
The new system will not. however. be extended to the quads. Only administrative
and faculty ofﬁces will receive the equipment, said Zimmers.

Zimmers explained that SUNYA decided its new system could not offer com-
petitive rates to students, because the new system will only provide a savings on
business phones.

At SUNY-Binghamton students are paying several dollars a month more than
NYNEY rates, using a new system that was established there last year to replace both
administration and dormitory phones.

Zimmers said many schools were consulted before the decision not to include the
dorms in the system was made. Binghamton. SUNY Brockport. RPl, College of
St.Rose. and Russel Sage College were some of the schools they asked. “Most of the
colleges were not including the students in their new systems,"Zimmers noted.

Charges for calling off—campus will still be handled by New York Telephone. said
Zimmers. With the new system a ﬁber obtic cable will be installed connecting the two
campuses. which will allow both voice and data communications between the two
campuses.

The ﬁber obtic cable offers several advantages over the current service. Ad-
ministrators downtown will be better able to access the main frame computer uptown
with the cable, she said. in addition, the ﬁber obtic cable will allow transmission of
word processing data between the two campuses.

The Educational Communications Center (ECC) will be able to send video data via
the cable to the downtown campus as well. said Zimmers. This material will consist of
courses show on video tape, said Chuck LaMalfa, Technical Operations Supervisor of j
ECC. He added that the service is scheduled to start next Fall.

Since the new equipment will not be rented. Zimmers said, additional maintenance '
costs may be incurred. The equipment will come with a warrantly for the ﬁrst year.
with an option to buy a maintenance contract in future years. The maintenance con-
tract would cost .2.25 per phone per month for each of the university‘s 2.500
telephones, said Zimmers, adding that the maintenance contract could be purchased I
at any time.

Since the administrative phones are considered business phones, SUNYA can not
get a flat rate for local calling. Zimmers said. It is also cheaper for SUNYA to lease-
purchase their own system, rather than renting from ATT. she stated.

The Contel system was chosen out of II bids submitted. after a three volume“Re-
quest for Proposal" was sent to 35 telephone system companies, Zimmers said.
“Contel met all the speciﬁcations and basically they met our requirements as to the
size of the system,"she added.

SUNYA required that the company have a service center within 50 miles of the cam-
pus. and that the company have a large enough staff to adequately teach SUNYA per-
sonnel how the new system works. she said.

in addition, Zimmers said, Contel was required to supply customer lists and meet a
state requirement that the company has been in operation in New York for a certalgi

number of years.

 

 

 

