   

 

 

 

 

«"‘K‘J ’34wmurL—r....~.

 

Hm “(ﬂ-wow“

  

 

 

 

I

 

rm'u‘arwv- . 3‘ N

esterday, our own SA Supreme Court reminded us
that as long as we expectothers to fight for our
.- causes, we cannot expect too much (see story, [1.0.
What will it take until we begin caring and ﬁghting for
ourselves as students? - ‘
>a 350 bus 'fee? '
>more administrative control over the drop/add system?
.bbeing told that we're not full citizens where We live
because we're students?
>seeing l000 off-campus students displaced in June?
>a 2l-year old dinking age?
sfour-digit tuition hikes?
>a draft card at our dodrstep? '
if the V60’s taught us we can't burn down the system,

» then the 80’s is teaching us that,working within it is not

enougheither. Today, the stress is on sophisticated and
professional student advocacy by a few people. But
without mass support to back it up, things will be no‘dif-
ferent than is years ago. when we had mass demonstra-
tions without the professional‘advocacy.

Without the support of the students it serves, SA is
reduced to being little more than a branch of the
administration. '

  

  
 

 

SA pg)...

Look at last night's Supreme Court showdown: the
bottom line was that SA can shout about the evrls of
ROTC (of which there are plenty) from here to dooms-
day, but it has no power to force them out of the Campus
Center. _ _ '

SA supposedly controls handing out solicitations per-
mits for the Campus Center. As long as nobody rocks the
boat, the administration is happy to give SA this power.
As soon as the power is used to ﬁght for a cause and af-
fect change, as it was with ROTC. the fantasy of SA’s
power is shattered.

Even SA‘s own Supreme Court could not take SA's
power seriously. They voted against the Central council
Resolution. 7 - 0. ' '

in ruling that Council's resolution banning ROTC

solicitations was unconstitutional. SA's own judicial
branch demonstrated that SA's administrative power is
'merely an illusion. lf denying tabling rights to a group is
unconstitutional then SA hasn’t really got any power over
tabling rights, they've just. got a lot of extra paperwork
required to process the forms.

The point is that SA cannot rest its power on ad-
minisrative channels alone. lts power is given meaning

 

  
 
 

.i..

 

belong to SA.

This is a resource that SAs of recent years have failed to.

use. Instead of relying on grassroots organization and “1“
power of ' the people. they have relied moguy on me
I political and bureaucratic power of the few people at the
to .
flnfortunately. the voices of a few educated advocates
remain invisible to most of the population. failing to
draw the media attention that can often pressure ad.
ministrators and lawmakers and more importantly. fail-
ing to raise the public's consciousness to an issue.

The power of student leaders would be taken much
more seriously if they had the solidarity of all students
behind them. As long as they withdraw themselves into
the world of administrative politics and burcacracy, and
leave the people behind to become unaware and uninvolv-
ed, they are condemming the success of student activism,

It is time to learn the lessons of the 60's and the 80‘s _
to bring together the sheer power of the masses with pro.
fessional leadership. v

Only then will lawmakers and school officials take the
student movement seriously. Only then will we be able to
combat ROTC, the bus fee, tuition hikes. voting rights
and other issues. Only then will the power and awareness
of students make a difference in this world. [1

 

COLUMN '

Whyl marched. . .

Last Saturday night ljoined with women from the capital
district in the annual Take Back the Night march and ral-
ly. As it was my ﬁrst time participating in this event, ldid
not really know what to expect and it was not until after-
wards that l was able to truly understand the concerns
and feelings that influenced me to be there.

Lori DeFreest

We marched because we were scared.

l unequivocally believe that
every woman is intrinsically fearful of walking alone at
night. She would have to be foolish or naive to believe
that she is safe. Statistics show that one out of eVery three
women has been or will be raped in her lifetime.

The fear of attack is not paranoia; it is very real, and i
keeps women from functioning as full human beings. it is
not fair'that half of the human race must always be wary.
must always be on the alert. Each shadow becomes a
potential danger. each dark street a hiding place for at-
tackers to wait in ambush.

But it was not only the fear of attack by strangers that
we marched against. it was also the little rapes: the verbal
harassments that almost every woman is subjected to; the
innuendos that are thrown at us and force us to walk
down city streets with our heads bent. our eyes ﬁxed to
the ground; the huminiations that make us victims and
make us beleive that this is our lot in life. that this is the

 

 

 

 

The author is a member of Feminist Alliance.

undisputable reality of our lives.

It was the fear of violence in our own homes that we
marched against. The march was a culmination of
Domestic Violence Week. Much of the abuse that women
are subjected to comes from those people who are sup-
posed to be loved ones — husbands, fathers, boyfreinds.
etc. We are hurt and humiliated by those we should be
able to trust the most.

The women marching came from all walks of life.
Their different lifestyles did not matter. Their demands
were all the same. and the bonding that i felt to my sisters
empowered me; it gave me the strength to cry out against
these injustices.

l am very conscious of a need for women to express
their concerns politically. Women must be aware of how
governmental policies affect them and how they can work
to change a system that i feel intrinsically keeps many
people in subordination. Women have the power to enact
these changes.

Most of all. it was for unity that we
marched.

Women came together to show their support for each
other and to fight back against the oppressions that keep
us terrorized, that keep us from the safety we all deserve
in our lives. These women were living proof of the anger
we feel. If you could have seen the determination in the
faces, you would know that the battle is being waged and
that we will not stop until it is won and we can live safely.

We marched because we were angry.

if it seems that I am putting
this in combative terms, I am. There is a war being waged
and women are the victims. The battleground is
everywhere — our streets. workplaces and homes. Rape is
not sex. it is violence.

Women have remained silent far too long, and it is only
by raising our voices and demanding not asking. for the
right to be our own persons, who can live as we want
without the fear of violence hanging like a cloud above
our h”eads. Only then will we be heard. Whispers will not
do. Even individual screams are not heard. Only by rais-
ing our voices collectively will we impress others with our
demands, with our unfulfilled right to live without fear
and humiliation.

We marched because we want things to
change.

The spirit that the women at the march displayed can-
not be broken. and our words must not fall on deaf cars. i
wish that every woman in the area had been there; there
are. far too many of us who remain silent.

i hope that there will come a day when all women will
be safe; when our children will not have to know the tears
and oppression that we experience.

i long for the day when we will no longer need to
march. the day when we will no longer need to scream to
be heard.

 

AM I aNDRoGYNOUé
eNoUGH FoR You, CiNDY?

 

  
  
  
 

8Tth '8"
FUCK
umgin'M“ crs

 

THié i5
cue smaLL
5T9? FoR

aTeaCHeR-u

   

77/”

a.

    

 

 

 

 

 

annals- tngnuamgp—chm--m,..

a . >

' only in the power hr the thousands of students who,

 
 
   
 
  

 

    

 

 

u... .auu........w ’

 

r ream:

  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  

 

 

 
    
    
    
    

3 French Letter

‘ ‘ And
Kilgore
Trout

    

 

          
    

  
  

 
 

  
     

 

