(SJAspect‘s on Tuesday.

. no (hurry. -.

  

 

 

 

 

‘ , in D’Major.

"1--

formed in l982. They

   
 

ween 9am and 4pm. 

 

 'Music At
;..~.Below is a list of some upcoming PAC musical productions:

hursda'eroven‘iber 1, 8pm: The Brant Quintet ivill perform at thc
Recital Hall ,atethev. PAC.‘Their program will include Rossini's String
Sonata No. Sin C Major for two violins. cello, and bass: Mozart's Duo
in C Major for violin and viola. K. 4.23 and Alexander Brodin's Quartet No. l

The Brant Quartet (Robert Taylor. violin: Ann-Marie Barker, violin;Susan
Mazzaro, viola; Susan Ruzjow, violincello; David Scott Allen, double bass)
gave‘their debut in Febrilafy. [983 on the "Music-
Makers" series on WMHT-FM. performing lesser hown music often written
3 , for unusual combinations of instruments... interesting.

i  General admission is $5.00 for senior citizens and$3.00 for students: Reser-
vations and information are available by calling (5 l 8) 457-8606 weekdays bet-

_ ‘riday, November 2, 8 pm: The University Department of Music cor-
‘- dially invites the public to attend a concert featuring the University

Th:P_AC.

  
 
 

   

    
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
 

 
   

 

        

 

 

 
 
 

 

First Does Not Mean Best

A good movie about children’s rights
and child abuse begs to produced.

With the release of Firstlxrrn, the
wait continues.

Firstbom deserves no recognition
beyond the fact that it is mildly interesting
due to it's engrossing acting. The film is ter-
ribly unrealistic, sloppin edited, and the
soundtrack is reminiscent of laws.

 

Ian Spelling

 

Perhaps this film's problem lies in its ob-
vious blending of other types of pictures.
The music blards whenever trouble starts; l
was continually searching for the shark.
Peter Weller portrays the possibly
psycopathic, but definitely sleazy Sam as
well as can be expected, but Weller is
iniscast. His performance falls way short,
for the same reason Jack Nicholson's did in

 

 

 

 

 :’ Symphonic Band, Henry M. Carr, director and the University Jazz ~‘
‘ ' Ensemble, Ray Rettig, director. They will combine classical, pops, and contem-
porary jazz. The Symphonis Band will feature the music of Richard Rodgers'
symphonic scenario “Victory at Sea" and the Rossini- Respighi ballet, “The Fan‘

The Shining. Nicholson was supposed to
be a nice family man driven to insanity by
outside forces. All things considered,
Nicholson appeared pretty spooky to

rtists

hindhmHil A

 

 

 

 

Theatre of PAC, and it's free.

Stephen Walt, bassoon.

Harry Stone’s “Enter Swinging." D

Man." and Sammy Nestico's "B

The program. in the main theatre

-: ‘tastic Toyshop." After intermission, the University Jazz Ensemble will feature
ave Tobler's “A Night in Tunisia," and Rob
McConnell's "Good Morning lrene," Don Menza's "Croovin Hard," David
' Chesky's "Razor," Dave Wolpe's "Raw Bones," Bob Lowden's "Watermelon
asie, Straight ahead."  it's all in the Main

will be played by pianist Findlay Cockrell, C. Randall Ellis. oboe, Susan

S aturday, November 3, 8 pm: The Mozart Quintet for Pianoan Winds
Hohenburg, clarinet, David Saunders, french horn, and guest artist

of the PAC, will include three works'by

Hall really was.

to the giant chandalier way above.

Come To fMusic Hall

lck a pitch like 'ahh'."
lra Stein wanted to see just how
acoustically perfect the Troy Music
“Ahhh. .  The audience responded,
hundreds of voiced filling the hall with the

chant'of a single note, a great chorus rising

lra Stein wassatisfied. - ..

 

inspired by a dream he had of his grant
parents on their second honeymoon this
ing each other with Mediterranean spurri-
boats. If you can believe it, that's exactly
what the music sounded like  a had
movie about two old people chasing (‘Jtll
other- around. the Mediterreancan. No
kidding.

lt went something like ragtime with cun-
gas, changing into the kind of Cool pianu
backround you hear on Peanuts W

begin with. And so does Weller.

Weller arrives on the scene as Teri Carr's
new flame. He quickly establishes ground
rules and attempts to buy the trust of
Carr's two sons. They fall for it, temporari-
ly. I sat there wondering why Carr and the
kids didn't pick up on his glare. Weller is
all eyes, broad gestures, and ominous
voice.

Playing Luke (actually lake), to Weller's
Darth Vader is Christopher Collet. He em-
bodies Garr's firstborn (a stupid title for a
dramatic movie) with an aura of maturity
severely lacking in the rest of the picture.
Collet’s little nuances compliment a fine

 

 

'cocaine and marajuana use takc thicr toll.
l She gets the job done and shows potential.
- but she must do something about her
= voice. An inaudible droning noise just'
doesn't cut it.

Firstbom fails to deliver on anything it
promises.

The picture begins as a light-hearted Mrts).
Mum, mutates into a Marathon Man chase
sequence (which in itself is improbable -
ever hear of cop57), and winds up as a
Three Stooges slugfest. This last scene had

fucking brains in." Even the bat used in
Firstborn looked familiar. Perhaps l sunk to
that malevolent level due to the film’s
littlc-guyvfights-back tone. Scarier still is
the thought that director Michael Apted
cllicited the desired emotion from me. And
that is from-the-gut frenzy.

After witnessing Collet survive the im-
plausible chase scene. the final confronta-
tion strikes home. The blood looks real, the
fist in the face rings true. and screams
sound as they should. No stunt men here.
just expert make-up crew. Even Weller's

 

they get divorced? Why didn't Collet let
pop know the situation? There are enough
split ends in Firstliorn to keep Vidal Sas-
soon in business for years. None of these
questions shall be answered unless, God
forbid. there is a sequel.

As I write this I realizel wanted answers.
l cared. Firsthorn could have been the
breakthrough picture: a brutal, honest
dm‘umentation of a family torn apart by an
influential outside force. Instead we are
saddled with an absorbing but unfeeling

Louis Lewis specials. The ragtime was fast, wilhakind essay of Hollywood at its undeniable  .

 
  

Poulenc, The Clarinet Sonata, Elegic for Horn and Piano and trio for oboe, bas-

 

 

Eﬂni‘hm-«zrvm - n. s...

 

 

 

i

 

soon, and piano. These musicians, c
' State, are known for their pe
ensembles such as the Albany 5
orchestra in New York City. .
General Admission is $3.00 for students. and.$2i00.ft)r senior citizens. 4

—Compiled .by Mark Latino

onsidered among the finest in New York
rformances. as soloists and as members of
ymphonic Orchestra and the "Y" symphony

classic acoustic performances from the likes
of Keith Jarret, George Winston, Oregon

with the presence of a group of artists from

first half of the show featured lra Stein on

 

 

   
   

  

r WATCHING POETS
I sit on the floor

My back against the wall
The sun grabs the window
Bounces off the tiles
Touches my eyes

I recognize the shadow
She knows me
I try not to cry

Take a deep breath
Put my hands together
and stretch my arms

I ask ‘ '
'We both know the answer

Her’ name 
My name ’
* No nmilcr'
Just bare ﬂesh
I

 

/

  

 

I run my hand across my thigh H

.r _ ‘ Michael Zaretsky

 

I the concentration of his

 

 

piano and Russ Walder on oboe. The se-
cond half brought on the main attraction,
composer and pianist Scott Cossu with a
trio. '

After testing out their audience and their
acoustics, lra Stein and Russ Walder
jumped into a driving, upbeat piano-oboe

iiet. . ., . . .

Both Stein and Walder appeared to be

very young — younger than most of the

, audience, in fact. If their appearance didn't

give their age away then their playing cer-

‘ tainly did. Walder's piano was ve

forceful and dense, filled with fast runs and
thick, powerful chords. Stein’s oboe was
equally unrelenting, booming out fast
assertive melodies and long, bending,
drawn out notes.

Their strong performance was exciting,
even euphoric, as the audience was drawn
into its intensity. At times though, their
playing was too forceful and a bit
awkward, like two overexcited kids trying
a little too hard.

For theinost part, however, their music
was melodic. evocative and reflective, in
true Windham Hill fashion. Their forceful
playing did not mask their sensitivity to
natural sounds and the ability to fuse

{elementso'f pop, jazz, folk and classical
traditions into a unique and beautiful

sound._ . .
After intermission pianist and com
. poser
Scott‘Cossu took the stage. Before bringing
out his too: he performed a solo piece from
his upcoming album, Islands. His playing
was different from the exotic style he is

music. The
stage was dimly lit, and as Cossu played in
the half-shadows, he drew the audience out-
of its post-intermission hubbub and into
Puformmce. sensdive
After the piano solo ' '

. , percussionist James
Brock iomed Cossu on stage. The duet
they performed was, according to Cossu,

\
The Music Hall, which has witnessed

and Paul Winter, was graced Friday night

the unique Windham Hill record label. The '

 

 

 

of comic mixed-up sound about it, especial}
ly when blended rwith the boppy latin
rhythms of the congas. The duet then slow
ed into a laid back jazz/blues sound, a lot
like what. you hear when Linus is walking
the streets searching lfor his security
blanket, or Snoopy is sneaking through the
countryside to visit his girlfriend.

After this lighthearted duct, tlutht
David Lacks came on stage to complete thr
trio. At this point, Cossu settled into the
kind of music he's best known for. Will"
exciting, and full of suprises.

The first composition the trio playril
Boyna, was- dedicated to Cossu's pm
miscuous cat. From the opening rift tliu
piece exuded with Cossu‘s mysterious and
exciting style.

The melody was infused with the Till!
elements of blues. African, Meclili'rrancan
and Asian traditional music, The llutc ms
at times driving and intense, and than
pastoral and reflective. Cossu's tiugL-rs
danced through dense chord progrcssinns
with his right hand and drove deep
rhythmic/melodic undertones with his left.
Brock's percussion was also deep and driv-
ing, and seemed to fuse the niyslcrIUUt
range of primitive and traditional inusiis.

The ensemble worked into a flute solo
with light percussion backing. Lacks Pldi’l‘d
with earthy intensity, spinning the "1“th
faster and faster, his violent breathing and
expressive vocalizing blending with the in-
tense melody.

Later in the performance the trio
demonstrated their roots in the primitive‘
Cossu took a break from the piano and pH'
formed a solo on the Kam, a large wind in'

strument made up of to bamboo tubes.
The Kam comes from Thailand, where it
serves as a vehicle of courtship music. The
sound of this bizarre instrument WA!s
something like a cross between a Pli’e
organ, harmonica, and bagpipes, Cossu
seemed to have mastered the Kain ~ hIS
Playing was incredibly complex, Con~
tinually shifting layers of melody and
wierd harmony drifted through each “"1”
Among all this, Cossu kept his foot stomP'
i"8 0n the stage to drive a shot”0 but
powerful beat.

Musicia‘hshlp like this kept the audience
mezmerized throughout the performance.
Once again, the combination of a Win'
dham Hill artist with the Troy MUS” Ha“
made this concert .3 night to remember. D

 

performance. Watch his eyes; they have
something to say. Collet‘s affability carries
the film until the weight of a bad scenario
crushes him.

Teri Carr receives undeserved top bill-
ing in her major dramatic role. Mom is ac-
tually secondary to the film’s namesake.
First, she supports motherisms - "When did
you get so tall and handsome?" Later she
excuses Sam's maltreatment - “He lost his
temper. We all do sometime."

Carr ages rapidly through the film as her

A Tree Grow

r\l \.‘

0 not take this band seriously. If

you do, you may just like them.

Trivia question of the day: "Who is
Let's Active?" Trivia answer: Mitch Easter
(the notorious North Carolina producer
with a'drive in studio in his parents garage)
on guitars and vocals. Faye Hunter on bass
and vocals, and Sara Rom weber, a raccoon-
eyed singing drummer.

Michelle Krell

ln October of [983, Let's Active releas-
ed their debut EP Afaot on l.R.S. records.
Last year they opened up for REM on their
tour. This year, they’ve been bouncing
around with Echo and the Bunnymen.

This fall, a complete twelve song LP en~
titled Cypress (like the tree) has been
released by the group and it’s a record that
should not be missing from anyone's
record collection. Let’s Active are a holi-
day. The three musicians are competent.
skilled, and really know how to have a
great time.

The first song on Cypress, "Easy Does,"
has been on WCDB's top ten, and Let‘s Ac-
tive are following their own footsteps in
ethereal keyboard highlights. “Easy Does"
is a playflu tune that spouts "The Russians
are enemy agents/Go home!" and manages
to keep a mischievious spirit.

The second cut is a tune entitled “Waters
Part." This one dabbles in techtonics with
hard driving bass. Amid this thrust are a
few crystal guitar notes. The song has a
Lillian Hellman social responsibility
shadow to it. And until / l'in there / l run /
from finding out, from finding out rings of
Watch on The Rhine with a [984 subplot.

 

 

 

 

 

the audience cheering, but for all the
wrong reasons. Here's a bloody confronta-
tion; social drama, heavy duty material
unspooling on screen. But no, wait. it's
Clubber Lang with a left hook. Rocky
counters with a . . . oops, wrong flick.
Same idea.

l sat there like the blood thirsty idiot I
must be, rooting for the good guys. i
wanted blood, deep red, you know. In The
Shinging Nicholson says, "I’m not gonna
hurt you. No. I just want to bash your

two's

r'_

"Lowdown" is a softer song that has Let
Active’s fingerprints all over it, but at times
Hunter's vocals get lost outside the chorus.
"Gravel Truck." track four, is a short
melody with a series of phase shifting
guitar harmonics and plucks. it's a pun on
electricity and falls right into “Grows on a
Phone Line," the albums is fifth cut. Here
Easter's pop delight comes through. it is on
this song that the guitar and keyboard com-
plement each other to perfection.
Romweber's drumming becomes a series of
exotic bangs towards the and until the song
drifts into heart beat beats.

After the primitive thumps, "Ring True,“

 

s, Actively

rift“ Ali- ‘ e

 

nasty stare weaves itself in well, for once.

The conclusion ultimately leaves more
questions that it answers. Collet's girlfriend
(charmingly played by Sarah Jessica Parker)
supports him throughout, but suddenly
drops from the storyline. All of his friends
notice Collet's change in attitude. but will
they accept him again? Will the little
brother (secondborn?) stop fighting with
his peers and learn the ropes? Can Carr
reestablish her children's respect? She's
divorced but he's remarrying. But why did

N‘W' is

is.
the last piece on side one, a 5 into p ace.
Here the Athens sense of humor
characteristic of REM. (an Easter produc-
ed bandhcomes into play. The song is
about taking chances and trusting other
people. Musically the song is garnished
with a sixties flavor to it. When, however,
one is ready for the turntable tone arm to
go up, the chorus of "Ring True" returns
and proves the fact that you can't always
trust vinyl. ,
Side two begins with "Blue Line," a
paisley song about unrequitted love coupl-
ed with each time l’m next to yours.
Hunter's vocals are strong and the har-

 

 

  

  

 

worst. it you are exposing nerves, scream-
ing curses, and drawing blood under the
guise of a "family" film, you’d damn well
better have something to say.

Like a train travelling full circle,
"ilstlxirn cries to be heard, but silences
itself. Weller attempted to buy the
children's trust. They fell for it - for a
while. Firstliorn duplicates this effort.
Don't fall for it. ' D

monies with Easter reminiscent of Afoot.
"Flags for Everything," the second song on
side two, is filled with country chiming
guitarwork. Stylistically speaking, this
song could be Let's Active's "South Central
Rain" (R.E.M.) with it's flitting tainborine
and its synthesizer middle.

Number nine on Cypress is "Prey"
which begins like an old Heart song in its
acoustic introduction. The song catapults
into throbbing bass lines and puns prey as
pray in relation to tradition clinging. "Co-
star," the next cut. is a great dance song
with very Byrdsy climbs of the scales.
Musically, this song is Let's Active. It's
good poetic diversion translated into
musical notes.

"Ornamental" is standard for the band.
The song begins with the beat of a rider on
horseback and houses a corral of “ah-ah-ah~
ah-ah's" and bells. The song seems to have
a known unknown meaning to it.
something better left to musical
interpretation. ‘ . ,

The last track on the album is' entitled
“Counting Down". Lilting electronics
create a high heaven and Hunter's "way
outs" towards the end fashion the‘beginm
ing for a second LP. The question is, what
will they call the next album, "Up'a Tree?"

All in all Let's Active is a great band.
Their ability to fuse the old with the new
shades the overdubs and Easterian
keyboards. eliminating trio as quartet

criticism. it is precisely these intricacies that
make their music what it is; fan 'and
stimulating. So next time you're in the
SUNYA Record Co-op or a music store,
take a look at Cypress. Look for the Vlnv
cent Van Goghish cover ofa volcano. . Cl

 

 

