  

 

 

gown-unrﬁnﬁtwm- “é?_u_m ‘. 

 

 

 ay
May 4, 1984 ’

NUMBER 23

 

 

 

1

 

 

 

I _..,...

«:56 f.
w.“ a.

cage

 

-. w_.

     
   
  
  
    
   
 
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
  

  
   

 

   
  
 
    
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
    
    

 

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
 

 

Danes split four games over
weekend with Red Dragons

By Keith Marder
\I‘thI‘ l.IlllllR

Chalk one up for ltortte field advantage.

It started otrt as a fantastic weekend for the (‘rreat
Danesp'fhe strtt was shining and tltey were in tire pro—
cess of sweeping a dottble header from the conference
rivals the Oneonta Dragons by tlte score of 1-0 and 6—4.
At this point their playoff hopes were still alive.

But that was Saturday. Sunday was a different
story. When the Danes traveled to ()neonta it was the
Red Dragons tltat did the sweeping. Sunday's scores
were 3-0 and tt-S. ’

"I am very pleased." eornnrented Dane Manager lid
Zaloom. “We played g‘oud steady defense the whole
while." .

Captain itoh Conklin attributed the Danes' poor
showing on Sunday to fatigtrc.“we had to play Rl’l on
Thursday and then tlte four games over tlte weekend.
We were definitely tired."

The definite stars of. Saturday‘s gatnes were left
fielder liob Conklin and pitcher Chris l-‘letcher. ('on<
klin hit a rnonstrotrs home rtttt and ltad three ptrt otrts
in the seten inning game. Fletcher meanwhile urrs
plowing through Onconta‘s line-up. All three of the
hits that he gave up were singles artd no runner got as
far as third base.

Albany got all of the runs that tltey needed in the
fourth inning. Short stop Dave Tlteleman led the intr—
ing off by grounding out to the opposing short stop.
Then Conklin hit a rocket: his third lrorncr or the
season. The Danes kept the rally going as third
Baseman llowie llatnmond singled artd reached third
on two subsequent steals. Jel'l' Macliachron, the next
hatter. walked and reached secortd on a steal. The lnli-
ing ended with the Danes leading H) as Mike
Voshurgh and Steve Antico hoih liew out.

in the second game of the twitt bill (.‘otrklin showed
his versatility as he wettt all the way back ttr the wall to
save a home run. ()neonia's third baseman Rance hit a
slrot to deep left field. Conklirt went to the fence and
grabbed the ball that was otherwise bound lfrr the
other side.

Conklin then showed Rance how borne rtrns can go

- l
over the fence past all defenders as he boomed hrs se-

cond home rtrn of the day.
Albany added four more rtrns in the second inning

with a barrage of hits as the bottom half of the Danes
hitters sparked a rally. Mike Vosbtrrgh reached an er-
ror and .\ntico cracked a double seocnd baseman

' fony i'orrcs kept the rally going with a single.

Freshman l’red Saccocio hit a double which scored
catcher Doug liennesey. That was all the Danes.

l’tteher Warren Miller. had a very strong perfor-
mance on the mound for the Danes. Miller gave up
four runs rrrr only sewn hits in si\ and two-thirds inn-
ings.

Then it \\ as on to ()neonta \tlrere Albany‘s winning
streak “as ltaltcd at Iltree.

in the first game Albany picked up rigltt where they
left off. Saceoeio led off with a triple. lint he was left
stranded Ihct'e. Saccocio's triple was the Danes‘ only
hit of the ball game.

()neonta got all of their runs in the hottotn half of
the third irrrtirtg. l‘heir otrtt'ieltl corrthined for three
runs on three hits. | el‘t fielder Siino started it oi'f‘with
a single. Right ticlder Wilson kept it going as he reach-
ed l'irst on an error. ('enter fielder .ltrne singled.
Designated hitter .\ic(‘ri\nev rlrert hit a single which
\L'Ul‘CKl .Irrne.

“After the first game. recalled Ztrloom. “i think
they lost some intensity hecatrse coming into that game
we had a cltattce to make the_coni‘erence playoffs. I
think the players knew that,“

[itlttttlli's prediction was correct as the Danes drop-
ped the last game of the marathon neckend ll<5.

'i he Danes \\L‘lL‘ rocked in the first inning as Oneon-
ta came tip with five rtrrts. Pitcher Al l’edley only
lasted too-thirds of an inning as the Red Dragon's first
slV batters got on base.

()rreonta scored two rrtore in the second. one more in
the third arid l\\t) in the fifth as the Danes cotrld only
muster one Itlll in the fourth tliilll that point. The
Danes then scored four meaningless runs in the seventh
in account for tltc final score.

FROM I.l-Il~"l'|"lltll.l): Albany's record is now
7-ll~l...(.‘onklin leads the Danes with three
hotneruns Conklin is also slighin ahead in the Rlll
race against Howie llatntnnnd...un interesting note In
that Hammond is a third baseman and that was the
position that Conklin was All-SUNYAC'in for the past
two seasons.

 

 

an maussrcu urs
Above; Bob Conklin connected tor a home run to boat Onoonta 1-0
Saturday. Below; Pitcher Chris Fletcher tossed a three-hitter In
the same game.

 

SUNVA’s Rockefeller College

 

"a partners/tip between the state, the union and higher education. “

Rockefeller College signs contract for
$3.4M to train N._Y. State employees '

B Caryn Miske
smrr WRITER '
A $3.4 million contract with the Governor’s Ofﬁce of
Employee Relations may bring several thousand new
students to SUl IYA's Rockefeller College.
The recently signed contract will provide 18.000 state

i . ~
employees wrth the opportunity to take courses to broaden

their career development. according to Project Director
Thomas J. Kinney.

Kinney. who is director of professional development pro-
grams at Rockefeller College, said that more than 500
courses and workshops will be offered by the Public Service
Training Program. The program will give members of pro-
fessional, scientiﬁc, and technical services the chance to pur-
sue advanced degrees. learn special supervisory and ad-
ministrative skills and attend workshops in their ﬁelds.

The contract was initiated in i982 through a collective
bargaining agreement negotiated between the Ofﬁce of
Employee Relations and the union. “it involves a partner-
ship between the State, the union and higher education."
said Kinney. “The reputation of SUNYA and Rockefeller
College," explained Kinney. “made us a likely candidate to
administer the program. as did the excellence of our faculty
and administration." .

The program. part of which will begin next month, will
run through August i985. Rockefeller College will “subcon-
tract” to other public and independent colleges throughout
N.Y. to provide faculty and instruction. according to Kin-

ney. “it was clear that we needed to involve all .of ltiglrer
education. This is not somethingjust the public sector could
do. We‘re the administrative unit on behalf of all higher
education." said Kinney.

The first educational option offered is a special set of ad-
ministration and supervision courses for those who already
have such responsibilities. Problem solving. strategic
management. ﬁnancial management. technical writing. in-
formation management. and organizational analysis are
some examples of course offerings, Kinney said.

The second option will offer workshops focusing on
special topics relevant to the union members' varied profes-
sions. For example. explained Kinney. workshops could ad-
dress the ethical and legal issues related to dying patients. the
issue of malpractice, and dealing with descriptive inmates.

Employees will be able to take college courses for credit
toward degrees under the last part of the program. However.
Kinney said. “The emphasis of the program is not on train-
ing in the traditional sense. it is on the broader idea of pro-
fessional development. Especially since two thirds of these
employees have degrees, with half of those at the master's
level or higher."

Out of a potential 45.000 candidates at 70 state agencies.
18.000 will volunteer and be selected through a governmental
agency. upon recommendation from a union representative.

SUNYA will offer about 65 courses involving more than
2.000 students. ‘fi

Feig elected to be Council chair

After nine ballots. and several hours of discussion
Wednesday night. a newly sworn-in Central Council elected
offvcampus representative Mitch Feig to be their next chair.

Colonial Quad representative Sal Perednia was rc-elccted
to the position of vice-chair. after two ballots.

The new Council's ﬁrst meeting lasted from 7:30 pm. to
3:30 am. To win the chair or vice-chair position. a candidate
needed to receive two thirds of the vote.

Feig said Thursday that he plans to appoint Council's
committee chairs by Tuesday. in the past, committee chairs
have not been appointed until Council's summer session at
Camp Dippikill. “i want members to be able to get a start on
things before the summer." Feig said. '

“instead of just receiving legislation from the (SA) presi-
dent, i would like Council to initiate legislation including
programming," Feig said. He added that he hopes to in-
crease outside involvement in SA through the formation of
more subcommittees within Council. in addition to
Council's 33 members Feig said he would like to get 20 to 30
more students serving on committees.

Perednia said he will seek ways to cut down on the length
of Council meetings. “l’d like to try to work out some com-

promises before mcctings if possible," he explained. Pcred-
nia was originally elected to the position of vice-chair earlier
this year, when off-campus representative Barbara Hurwitz
resigned. '

Student Association President Rich Schaffer said Council
made "excellent" choices for the positions of chair and vice-
chair. Percdnia. Schaffer said. “will do a great job and make
it (vice-chair) a credible position." Schaffer said Feig's ex-
pcrience last year as chair of Council's finance committee
combined with an “ability to deal with everyone" will make
him an effective Council chair.

The new Council. Schaffer said. “has a lot of potential."
Referring to Wednesday night's meeting. Schaffer said. "For
the first time the Council members actually sat and listened
to each other debate issues." He added, “1 walked out of
there having a great deal of respect for them (Wednesday)

night. i did not mind staying up late with them at all."

Schaffer noted that a large proportion of the new Council
consists of first term members. many of whom are in their
freshman or sophomore years. “The new members." he
said, “have a new attitude toward Council.”

—Heldl Gralltt

Schaffer‘wins' runoff;
'Hallock tiles charges
calling election untair

By Jane Anderson
assocm TE NE us salmon ,

Student Association presidential hopeful Tim Hallock
has challenged the SA runoff election. which he lost
earlier this week to incumbent Rich Schaffer.

The SA Supreme Court will hear the case early next
week. said Chief Justice Steve Perrin.

Schaffer won Monday and Tuesday's runoff elections
with 940 votes. or 55 percent. Hallock received 750 votes
or 45 percent.

if the SA Suprctne Court decides in favor of Hallock.
"a number of things could happen." maintained Perrin.

Perrin said that if the Court ruled in favor of Hallock.
the elections could be run over or Hallock could assume
the presidency by default.

"l tltirtk somebody has to be President after a certain
time," said Perrin. adding that the Vice President eorrld
ascend to the post if the conﬂict isn‘t resolved after that
time. He said he did not know the exact titne stipulated iii
the SA constitution.

in his petition to the Court. Hallock charged Elections
Commissioner Torn Busby and the Elections Commission
itself with having “one set of rules for rue and another for
Richard Schaffer."

Hallock reported that there were a number of infrac-
tions of the election rules at every polling place. and that
the election commission had "ignored" them.

"I‘m non-partisan; i'm in it for the money." countered
Busby, who said he receives a $200 stipend for each elec-
tion. He added that he would not be paid for this week's
runoff election. '

Busby said it was “a blatant lie" that lte was biased. “i
really couldn't be biased because i won't be here next
year." he declared, adding "he (Hallock) is a silly. silly
person."

"I was not awaare of infractions of rules while the polls
were open." said Busby.

Scltafi‘er said that he was completely disassociated with
Tom Busby. and that he had spoken to Busby only once
during the runoff elections.

"i had no real contact" with the Elections Commis-
sion, said Schaffer.

‘l’m protesting two things." asserted Hallock. “the il-
legal campaign practices" of Scltaffer's staff. and “the

selective enforcement of the rules in favor of Rich Schaf-
fer...

Hallock said his main objection to the way the runoff
elections were run was an incident that occurred on Alum-
ni Quad.

WCDB Exit Poiler Barry Geffner. who was stationed
on Alumni Quad. said there had been a person on the din-
ner lincs “getting his friends to vote for Rich Schaffer."

"One time he went in the booth" with a voter, which is
illegal. Geffncr explained. “He said he was ‘just trying to
show his friends what to do," Geffner added.

“The girl who was v0ting didn't know ltow to use the

12»

 

 

 

ED MARUSSICN UFS

Tom Busby
Hallock "is a silly. silly person. ”

 

 

 

       

 

   

 

 

