‘ f.‘:r‘—:L‘:';:’.3ﬁT—I_L.._x. ..

.i
l

 

_r
t
'I

 

   

4-!



  
 

:1. I. i.\
- . “- mu‘ .

   
   

. ‘ IV I
<27
through for the game against King's that
night in Pennsylvania.

During the walk-through l'm talking _with
the Montelair coach. who had just tied a
record against us for most career wins in New
Jersey. I think. He says that he never thought
his team would be 9-0. and then I asked him
about his team’s defense. which was superb.
He explains that his whole defensive strategy
involves taking their opponents out of their
offense. which worked to perfection against
us. Coaching seems so simple when you talk
about it. but it's so hard once you‘re on the
court. We leave Montclair. hop back on the
bus and stop at a shopping center to pick up
some snacks for the three hour bus ride to
Wilkes-Barre. Pa.

We cruise on through some strange places
in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, and finally
pull off the highway to grab dinner. Oh no. l
see a big. yellow "M." Not McDonald's
again. Yes. McDonald‘s again.

We arrive at the William E. Scandlon
building at King‘s College about an hour.
and-a-half before the game. While the team
gets cltangcd I go out and start shooting
around a bit. Ursprung is the first one out of
the lockcrroont. and I'm rebounding for him
when he goes on a shooting streak that you
wouldn‘t believe. He mttst have hit ID in a
row. Pete's the next one out. and Adam tells
him that he can't miss and he‘s going to have
a big game. Nothing like a confident
frcslnnan.

The game starts. and rigltt away it's clear
that we have tnttch tttorc talent tltan they do.
Wilson tries to play. bttt he lturt his tltttmb
against Montcltlir. and he has lash out the
gantc after playing only l'iyc minutes. This
lutrls us. and we only lead by five at the half.

We open up a lead as big as nine in lltc sc-
cottd ltalfbut can‘t shake tltcttt. and tlte game
goes down to the wire. Danny. wlto never
misses key free throws. misses tltc second ettd
of a one-and-one that could have put its tip
by three with about 25 seconds left. Tltctt one
of their guys tltrows up a ridiculous sltot
from about 25 feet to tie the game. and Bow

 

spans ALBANY stunts/v7 PRESS I : FRIDA Y, MA I: 4, I984.

éroadftttttthlhe Dane? basketball team

misses a jumper at the buzzer. so we go to

We miss some easy chances early on. but
they miss some foul shots down the.strclleh
that keep tts in It. They're up one wnh five
seconds left and at the line. but they tntss
again. We get the rebound. but Danny misses
a desperation heave at the buzzer. ,

This one really hurt. When I saw Danny 5
shot go over the backboard I dropped all my
stats on the floor and put my head In my
hands. Montclair was a good team — I could
take that loss. But we should have killed
these guys.

I call Mark Cunningham with the bad news
and head down'to the lockerroom in time to
hear a classic post-game Satters speech. In-
stead of standing. Doe was sitting on the
floor with everybody else. The looks on their
faces could make anyone realize how tough a
loss this was.

"Usually I stand and talk down to you.“
Doc is saying. “but today I'm lowering
myself to your level. I may be the all-time
winningest coach in Division III but I'm also
tltc all-time losingest. and I've ltad a lot more
of these tough losses than you guys have. All
you can do is learn from it. We have to come
back next week. ready to practice and ready
to prepare for Union (whom we ltad beaten
already). because they're gonna' be .waiting
to kick your butts."

I almost screamed. “ALL RIGHT!"
because that speech ntade me feel a lot better
also. Then we lteadcd ttpslairs. where tnost of
the guys went home witlt their parents or
I'ricnds‘ parents. But Dave. Mracek. Greg
l‘larl. .latt and l headed back to the bus. It
was “:00 at nigltt. We ltavc about a three-
attd-avbalf hour trip back to Albatty after one
of the toughest losses of tile year. These are
tltc perils of a college basketball tcatn.

As I look back now on those few days |
feel very fortunate to fch as much a part of
the team as I do. I ltad scett it all — the ttps.
the downs. tlte'ltiglts and the lows. all in five
days. As I got out of Dave's car back at
Marc's house itt Albany. I said good-bye to
Dine and .lan. and tltougltt to myself that
this was an espcricncc I'd ncycr forget. ‘

 

ED MARUSSICN UPS

 

 

 

“I had seen it all —'—- the ups, the downs,
the highs and the lows, all in five days.
As I said good-bye to Dave and Jan, I
thought to myself that this was an
experience I’d never forget. ”

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

HOW IN THE WORLD 
DID YOU ACCUMULATE“:

ALL THAT

STUFF
THIS YEAR?

...And what are you
going to do with It?

.
Adarondack
. -
Trailways
wlll snlp your bags, boxes, sultcases.
trunks. books. teddy bears. blkes.

skates. skis. cartons. records. bundles
and laundry home for you

20 % regular package
' express rates
at: OFF

Just show your student ID. card
to our package express...
...ano let us do the restt

 

VISA 6t Mastett‘atd Accepted

For Information Cam
360 Broadway, Albany, New York 1 2207

 

 

(5 18) 436—965 1 ext. 17

RS. We’ll take you home too!

 

 

 

WINTERHAWK
BLUEGRASS FESTIVAL

IULY ,
19-22 -~

 
     

. b.
,.
' DRY BRANCH HRE

SQUAD(I9. 20, 2t. 22)
BRYAN aowERs (2|. 22)
CHRIS HILLMAN. AL PERKINS

& BERNt LEADON (21. 22) »

TRAVER HOLLOW (19. 20. 21)

BLUEGRASS B0Y5(19. 20) RED CLAY RAMBLERS (2t. 22)
BRISTOL MT. BLUEGRASS (19. 20) TONY TRISCHKA & SKYLINE (20. 2 I)

M.c. CHRIS TESKEY (I9. 20. 21. 22)

   
  
 
 

COUNTRY GENTLEMEN(2|.21) "
)EI‘HRO BURNS (2t. 22)
WHETSTONE RUN (19. 20)
VASSAR CLEMENTs (21. 22)
JOHN HARTFORD (21. 22)

JOE VAL at THE NEW ENGLAND

~OO———
Rt. 22 -— 8 miles south of Hillsdale, NY (at Mass/Conn/NY border)
At the Rothvoss Farm. Ancram. Y

Adm: EARLY BIRD SPECIAL: Camping Ticket 325/ now until Aprtl lst
Camptng Ticket SJOIin advance. S4t)/.tr gate (includes show a free rough camping Wed.
t ru Sun.. or any portion of that little. Gates open Wed. .tt ll Noon)
Thursday IIZ. Friday SIS. Saturday 32“. Sunday SIS — Dogs SS/lcashed
Kids under 10 free — Senior Citizens 55/ any one day - Last Day For Advance Tickets June 30
Full Concessions and Showers on Grounds - Rain or Shine
— CAMPING ALLOWED WITH CAMPING TICKET ONLY —
BLUEGRASS BAND 8c MANDOLIN CONTESTS THURSDAY: july 19
No Drug! — No AlcOhol in Performance Area - No Open Fires — No Private Sound Systems
Part Must Be Leashed -- Motorcycles Must Be Left at Main Care
A 100% Family Show!
forms " L' from ‘v'v” l‘ J ' Ltd.
Sound by Southard Audio '
Information and Advance Tickets: Winterhawk Productions, Ltd.
P.O. Box 1148. Sharon. Ct. 06069
Call 24 hours (203) 364-0487

Rules & n n'

stall t‘oupott a Payment

Ill:

wltnrttuwk I‘tuduttlons. ltd.
H!

at
Sharon. IT 00069
«‘9th wtntrrhawk Prod. Ltd.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I) Return this 90an with Payment VtSA 6r MasterCard 5

I

: him

5 Address '
l cw sm- Zip

 

 

 

 

M .

E
s.
E
-
R
Q
}
a
i
Q
3
§
"3.
2
E
a

writer. statistician and the team's biggest
fan. He reﬂects anﬂve days he spent with the
Dane: over this past season’s Christmas

break.
By Mark Levlne

Thursday. December 29. I983. New York
City.

Let's go Danes!

That was the first thing that popped into
my mind as I awoke that chilly Tltursday
morning at my apartment in the city. I had
been planning all Week to head up to Albany
and watch the Danes in the Christmas Tour-
nament. and tonight was the opening round
against John Jay. But the night before I had
some doubts. Was it really worih it to lake
the train all the way from Grand Central to
Albanyjust to spcttd two nights up tltcrc and
watch some basketball? I could stay and
\‘atch St. John's-North Carolina itt tltc Holi-
day Festival, right?

Wrong. When l woke up that morning
wltaldt'cr doubts l ltad became history. l was
going.

The Attttrak "Montrealer" pulls iulo
Albany at around 4:30. and l hop off and
grab a taxi t>\L'I' to Marc Schwut/‘s house.
Unfortunately. nobody is at “l-ollct Mattot"
when i get there. sol trudge down to Stuyyc»
sant to grab a bite to cut. keeping in tnittd
that tile Buffalo St;ttc»('|atk galttc struts at
6:10. I stop at lirucggcr‘s for a bagel and it
quick look at the lllll('\-("'Illttll and head
back toward the gym.

As I'm walking back up l-ullct Rtl'ltl I stop
fora tttitttttc and tltittk to myscll: What am
l doing here’.’ I‘m cold. l'm cattying a llk‘il\_\
suitcase. I‘m alone. and I‘ve got about it IS
tttitttttc walk. Ant l really cut/y!” lhcn I
thought some ntore'

“Let‘s go Danes.

lrcaclt the gym at ubottt (L'lS. ('old. w cut)
and starting to feel sick. I sit down among tltc
guys and start talking witlt Date Adam. who
happens to be one of the nicest guy you‘d
ever want to meet. I'm there no more titan a
tttittttle when Doc comes oycr and asks me il i
would do slats since lliff Fischer can't makc
it. I readily oblige. and lte gbcs ntc the sllccls
attd a clipboard attd tells me I cottld practice
during tltc ('lark—liltl'l'alo State game.

It was hard to (lo/slats that game because I
was itt sttclt a state of attta/cntcnl. llul’falo
State is aw esonte. Their guard. l.ctoy (lcttys.
is lightning quick with a great jumper and he
is terrific on the lll‘L‘ilkLih is the wltolc tcum.
l'hcir center is a ()‘7" slringbcun with a lot of
talent named .lolttt (irooycr. .lan thdoorian
calls him .ltlllll (irooyer Mcllcttcump. l‘m
laughing on the outside. bttt inside I‘m on)
impressed. Tltc llcnguls blow away a \cry
talented Clark teattt itt game one.

I'm on tltc bench for the first little as the
Dunes and .ltlllll .lay tip off. The stats me go»
iltg pretty well. although it gets lottglt when
you have to record it tttrnoycr. u gained
possession. a missed field goal attempt. a re-
bottttd. a missed field goal. a charge and a
“trainer lit a l5-secontl span. which happens
a lot.

The game is close fora wltilc. but we begin
to pttll away and win easily. Dare has an
unbelievable garlic —— he puts on‘n shooting
clinic anti shoots 9-ll frottt tltc lloor. almost
cyclnsivcly from outside. Doug Kilmer. play-
“Us with confidence ltc hasn't shown all year
long. comes off the bench and scores I l and
plays a super l'loor game.

In the lockcrroont after the game Kilmcr
gets the gatnc ball. and Doc and lhe rest of
“is” tut, s examine ttty sluts. "He‘s only a
rookie." Doc says. bill I don't hear many
complaints. Doc gives his post-game talk attd
‘ill‘s that tomorrow we have a walk-through
practice in llte afternoon to try and prepare
for Buffalo State. Perhaps lltc ultimate corn-
plitttettt the licttgals will cycrget is when Dan-
".\' ('rottlicr tells reporter l’attl Schwnt t/ al'lct
'hi‘ Same that they are tltc Iayoritc tHL‘l us.
Datttty (‘routier fears nobody m I mean.
here‘s a guy who told me he wasn't surprised
that Mike l’ocyntylnk scored only si\ points

against its earlier this year. Ilut Danny is wor-
Iied about ligfl'. State. And so am I.

 

 

 

I'rirltrt'. Dt’t'r'lllllt'rjfl. .‘l/lltllll'.
l was csnaustcd and still feeling sick. so I
“like tlp around noon. Marc's hoosctttutc

 

 

L

is a legend.

Dan eventually got home from work the
night before and he let me in. On top oflhat
he gave me a key that I could use today. Dan

I stroll on down to Burger King for lunch
and I pick up the Knick News — "State Wary

A 5-day travel diary with the Albany Great Dane

In his four years a: an Albany student.

shot at the end that Danny took. and If he
doesn't get the brick award for that I'll give It
to him and stick it in an appropriate place." I
crack up.

As I congratulate everybody and head on
home. I tell Doe I'll-see him in a couple of

of Buffalo" ‘is the headline of Paul days.‘

Schwartz's article. The more I read about

Buffalo the more scared I get.

I head back up to the gym for the walk-
through practice. Doe has them scouted
magniﬁcently. as usual — in IS minutes he NJ.
tells us everything about Buffalo. The key
thing. he says. is to be patient. They don't
play good defense and we should get a lot of

good shots. We also can't let them run.

After practice we ltave a lean) meeting. and
Doc passes out the itinerary for the upcoming
road trip. which I atn going on to do stats. I
with my name on it. no

get my 0\\Vﬂ sheet
less. Now I really lch part of the team.

 

I ltead back to "The Manor" attd buy Dan
dtntter as a token of my appreciation for his
ltospilalily. As we leave for the gym. I tell

Dan that we could be in fora long night.

‘inrnrk

and we get off to an amazing start. lict'orc
yott could say “John (iroover Mellcncuntp"
we're up 8-0 and they call tittte. We play '
nearly llawless first Italfattd lcad 40-29 at tile
break. I can't believe it.

The second ltalf starts. and right at tile
outset they get motncnttttn. Adam Ursprnng
misses a layup off an alley-oop on our first
possession. and (icttys bombs one in for
them. Right off tltc but they get back lit the
game.

They get as close as tlttec points. but ttctct'
catch us. l’clc (iosttlc and Danny ltit clutch
fool shots down the stretch. and we win easi-
ly by sctcu. II was the best all-around game
wc'tc played lit a long time. l’clc. Ut'sprttng
and Wilson l'hontas dotninatcd (irooycr off
the boards. Danny was scttsntiottalcwcpl for
one had shot down tltc stretch. and Date. tlte
MVI’ of thc tourney. played his usual solid
game.

In toe locketroom after the game Doc is
yet) happy. as are tltc test of the guys. llc
cttlllplitttcltls almost ctcrybody. dcsctycdly
so, and comes up with a great littc when he's
talking about Danny. "I was proud of the
way we stayed patient. c\ccpl lot that one

I'm on the bench (not doing stats. though)

 

“0K. Mark." he says. “Thanks.”
“No problem. It was worth the trip."

Monday. January 2. [98¢ Saddlebrook.

I'm in the middle of a game of Donkey
Kong at the Saddlebrook Marriott Hotel's
game room when Danny. Wilson and Pete
walk in. The test of the guys are coming
down from Albany later — they came
separately. We have a game against Mont-
clair State. who is 8-0. totttorrow night.

Wilson and l are rommales along with
John Mraeek. who's with the rest of the
team. Willie and I check into the rootu and
Ilip on the TV and watch the Cotton Bowl
ttnlil the rest of tltc team and Doc show up.
We have a practice that night at Monlelair.
and this was one night I'll always remember.

 

As the guys are doing their stretching
before practice starts. I pick up a ball and
start shooting around. Right away I ltit about
four jumpers in a row. “Wherc‘d yott get
that shot?" says .l..l. Jones. as l'suddcttly
think I'm tltc greatest player ever to lace up a
pair of Cons.

About an hour ittto the practice. Doc is
preparing the team for Montclair's defense. I
must have bcctt to 25 Dane practices. and I
never once made noise or shot when Doc was
talking. llul lltis titttc I forgot. and l was still
trying to stick my “j” as Doc was Ialkittg.

“This team.“ Doc says. “plays tltc best
matt-to-ntan defense we'll see all year. They
will ttot let you I'll" your regular offense.
Mark. stick that ball — —- —.”

Damn! All those times that l was quiet

FRIDA Y MA Y 4. I984 D ALMN Y STUDENT PRESS

   

t

J

feel even more a part of the team.

After practice we ate dinner (at least I
think that's what it was — you lose track of
meals On these road trips) at Wendy's. and
this was almost another wipeout for me. I'm
sitting with Brian Kauppila. Kilmer and JJ.
listening to Danny tell a story about a time
last year when he and Jan were shooting spit-
balls in a restaurant. “And then."uDanny
says. "I shot one and it hit J.D. right In the
mouth." J.D. is John Dieckelman. one of
the quietest. most laid-back people in
history. When I heard that story I lost it. and
came very close to spitting out my soda all
over the table.

After dinner it was back to the Itolel.
where Wilson. John. Jan and myself watched
the second half of the Orange Bowl before

' hitting the sack.

Tuesday. January .7. Saddlebrook.

We wake up and head out for a team
breakfast at Denny's. or sotttc place like that.
()n the bus ride there everybody is passing
around the sports section of tltc paper. listen-
ittg lo "Thriller" on Brian's box (Doug had
dotte a great itttitatiott of Michael Jackson
dancing the night before) and arguing about
whether or ttot Nebraska should have kicked
the cvtrtt poittl attd who was going to be
Number (me.

After breakfast we haw c another walk-
tluottgh practice. and if you think i cu‘ll
[tit'kt'dttp a basketball while Doc was talking.
you're ttttts. l tcboutul lot lltsptttttg. who's
playing a 5 no of IS. This is it game where
you shoot around the pctimclct. and excl)
Iittte you score you gct one point: c\ct\ tintc
yolt miss your “opponent” _L‘t‘l\ two points.
illltl tltc first to IS wins. llc tttttst lune lost
tlttcc times itt a tow. then got to l»l<l»l and
lost again. I ctclt Ielt l't'usttxtted. ()h wcll.
He's a great player anyway.

That night we have an eatly dinner at tile
hotel. attd this was a great meal — soup.
salad. :1 huge plate of spaghetti. garlic bread
attd ice crcattt. Afterwards. we head back to
the rooms and test up before the game.

We ill‘t‘lyt‘ at the gym. I‘m waiting by the
bench as the teams warm up. .\lontclair Stale
looks \ety tough  they‘re big. quick and
undefeated.

We get off to n shtcuislt start. and lltcy
take all curly Ill-point lead. bttt ’Dutc
singlehundcdly kccps us itt he game. He hits
from ctcr) part of the state of New .lctsc)
and even some [lilll\ ol' Nu“ York. He llils
around Ill at tltc Itall. and we're only down
by three.

Dat'c llits another one to stall the second
half. tltctt we get the ball back down by ottc
with a chance to take the lead. l'tsptung
misses. but it was a good shot, It doesn’t tcal-
ly mattct. Motuclair is too tough. lltc) pull
togctltcr. play superb defense iust like Do..-
said. and win easily.

After the game I wait for tltc ol‘liciul sl.lls
to come out and call out SID. Mark (‘tmn-
ingltam. with the results. It takes a lot longer
than I c\pcct. and the bus almost lcatcs
without tttc. Then I get on tile bus. and it‘s
Itcll time for Inc. as ctctybod) wants I.) scc
the stnts. I

"‘l'wclrc out of IS front tire I'loot'. Date."
Utsprttng says about Dlt\e Adam. who had a
magnificent game with 26 points. “You real-
ly have to work on your shooting
percentage.“ ltc continues. with a sarcastic
chuckle. '

Tltcn tlte criticisms start. Dare c\plains to
tttc that I didn't have enough gained posses-
sions. .lun says lte played l‘cwcr minutes titan
I had hint for. attd also tells tttc I didn‘t ghc
ltint an assist. So docs Doug. Dattny says he
had more assists. bttt fewer tnrtuwcts. Oh
well. I tried.

We close ottt lltcctcniug at the (ioldcn At-

 

chcs and ltead back for some test. because
tomorrow's a long day.

lit't/Ilt'ﬂ't/llll', Janna/1r 4. .S'trtltllr'ltroull‘. "
The start of an exhausting final day begins

meant nothing compared to that one titnc
that I screwed up. Then I really felt terrific
when Ilat'ry (‘ayattunglt. Doc's assistant. attd
Jack Koelmcl. llte trainer. started t'tl/lllltl tttc.
"'l‘urn atottttd." litlrry says to ttte. holdittg a
basketball. “and let lttc see if this fits.“ Very
funny.

After a wltilc I didn't feel so bad. Actually.
I figured. being yelled at by Doc tttadc Inc

at Montclair. where we're having a walli-

\\illt learn btcakl‘ast at the hotel. One of the
topics of cotttct‘sation centers around Dun-
uy‘s technical tltc night before. It turns out
that Danny had almost as tttntty "T's" called
on ltint his freshman year than Doc had it) ltis
previous 26.

After breakfast we pack up and head out
to the bus, which is taking us back to the gym'

s? 

 

   
     

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

    
    
   
 
 
 

   

  
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  

   
    
 
 
  
 

 
   
  

    
    
    
    
   

  

 

  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

