 

 

 

 

 

« nsexpeNswe!

ﬁ/ 5% WW" ”

m'rHe PATROON {0% ROOM 0N me Wilcox-CAMPUS C€NT€R
5PM’B‘30PM

4' $2 é;me 44.1! =457-4sss

 

CAMPUS CENTER Milt CARD DINNER UPTIDN ACCEPTED

 

Euiucreitu Auxilluru E'irruuea ﬁpnnaurru [A

'4 ."iib' - 17in”-

3 mil PWRS
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12TH
. (Buses Leave Circle at 9pm)

 

Must have
* double *
proof of age

All Tickets -’ $5

Tickets will be sold
October 8-12 in
the CC Lobby

SA Recognized

 

 

kseonsraruao BY THE CLASS OF 1986 J

 

 

 

 

 

MIDDLE EART'H', the peer counceling and crisis in-
tervention center on campus, will be sponsoring
and co-sponsoring the following activities...

CLIP AND SAVE

 

o e'me
ca...

MIDDLE EARTH
457-7800

SIHUKI‘ GMIPS AND ACIIVI'IIPB
Call now to ﬁnd out more about,
GAY MENS SLH’ORI‘ Gm
[BEAN WOMEN'S SLH’ORI‘ Gm
DYING mm SLHUKT GIDLP
mm ON:
Time management

Study Skills
Test Anxiety

S.A. Funded!

 

THE—'—
~ CAMBRIDGE

 

 

 

 

 

DIET“

...if you’re serious about losing
weight ItS time for a change

‘ ‘_...a_ diet used by over
‘ 5 million people!!

 

 

 

JEFFREY FRIEDMAN '

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

ho are the Swimming Pool Q‘s?
Well, apart from being the opening
act for Lou Reed this Sunday,
they’re also a streamlined dance band
whose new, self-titled LP on AkM records
will hopefully catapult them into the
spotlight they've been seeking for so long.

 

John Keenan

 

The band's origins go back to the late
’70‘s, when Jeff Calder, who was pursuing
a career as a music journalist, started
writing his own song. As Calder relates, “i
came up with words and involved
storylines and we sort of jammed the two
together. Others would say, ‘Great, Jeff,
but how about the melody?’ i didn’t know
what they were talking about."

That may have been the case, but in
1981, with the release of their first LP The
Deep End, critical reviews showed Calder
that you didn't necessarily have to know
what a melody was to impress the critics.
Although The Deep End sank into obscuri-
ty, The Swimming Pool Q’s had been
established as a band to watch.

By 1979, the Q's were touring with
bands like the Police, and opening for
bands like Devo or Robert Gordon. Their
original material, which consisted of songs
with titles like “A-Bomb Woke Me Up,”
got a variety of favorable responses, but
the Q’s were earmarked as a band with an
“eccentric” sound, complex but
"hickadelic," "agro-folk," and "farm music
for punk people.” Their new album,
however, is a definite departure from that
image.

“There's not as much eccentricity now,“
Calder relates. "Our new songs are more
melodic and emotional."

Credit 3 session or two with A&M’s
Dave Anderle, who producd the LP, for
the more melodic ﬂavor of the new album.

The Q’s who open for Lou Reed this
Sunday, won't be the crew who put The

A lntrospect

 

 

 

Right On “Q”

 

 

Deep End on vinyl. Lead singers Jeff
Calder (guitar) and Anne Boston
(keyboards), as well as Calder’s
songwriting partner on many of the cuts
Bob Elsey (guitar), have hooked up with
Billy Burton on drums and LE. Gamett on
bass, ousting their old rythym section of
Deep End days, and this may also account
for the more melodic flavor of what the
Q’s are doing these days.

The album opens up with a strong cut
called "The Bells Ring," which is perhaps
the best showcase of Anne Boston's vocals
on the album. The cut also boasts a catchy
hook, making it a cinch to garner the band
some alternative radio airplay.

Calder sings (as well as having written)

, the next cut, a reasonable but noticeably
weaker effort called "Pull Back My Spr-
ing." Although this cut is noticably ho-hum
melodically (the direction in which the Q's
have most changed) Calder does remain
lyrically strong, a grace which saves the
cut.

 

Boston is back on the next cut, "Purple

 

Rivers," and her vocals are a pleasant addi-
tion as the newer, "more melodic" direc-
tion the Q’s claim to be moving in
straightcns itself out again. Once more,
Calder’s lyrics are exceptional; in fact, with
only one glaring heart-stopper, the lyrics
,remain consistently exciting throughout
the album.

The side closes with "The Knave," and
“Some New Highway," the former a
Calder/Phillips collaboration with the cat-

V chiest hook on the album;

You can turn left or turn right
Doesn’t matter when he makes the coils
tight

The second side opens with a strong,
semi~balladic (this band's music is hard to
define!) cut called "lust Property." Strong
might be too weak a word for the song;
Calder’s lyrical abilities are quite evident

ere.

“She's Bringing Down the Poison" is
another fine effort, but with "Celestion"
Calder falters a bit; the song itself is one of
the best on the LP, melodically excellent;

A Reason For Truancy —

nybody see Up the Down Stair-

case? Good movie, huh'l i saw it for

the first time a few years back. it’s a
film about the everyday events of a ghetto
high school, the students who attend the
School, and the teachers who teach there. i
saw it again last Saturday night. Nick Nolte
played Miss Harper, lobeth Williams was
Joe Firrone, Ralph Macchio was lose
Diaz. . . '

Scott Eisenthal

. . .Oh shit, wrong movie. However, for
the same storyline, characters, and message
as the 1965 Sandy Dennis film, there’s no
need to look any further than Teachers, a
new film by Arthur Hiller. it may go down
in history as the film most resembling the
film it‘s supposed to satirize.

John F. Kennedy High School is your
typical run-of-the-mill school that has been
completely fouled up by the "system."
And it is this system that history teacher
Alex Girrelle (Nick Nolte) spends the
whole film trying to beat. it seems that
several years ago, the school passed a stu~
dent and allowed him to graduate while
overlooking one small factor of his educa-
uon (or lack thereof). He couldn't read. Ap~

' parently nobody made anything of it at'the
time, but now the former student’s parents
are filing suit against the school district for
not educating the student properly. They
hire a small law firm to handle the case,
and the main responsibility for prosecuting
the school is thrown into the hands of l.F.K
graduate turned lawyer (lobeth Williams).
She enters her alma mater one Monday
morning to find it has gone completely to
pot. it is here that the audience is introducr
ed to the student body, a group of two
thousand lewd, loud, obnoxious teenagers
who, like most high school students, would
rather be doing something "lsr with illnac

 

 

 

dull six hours each day. They file into class
(or at least some of them do), and alas, we
meet the saviors with desk blotters, the
teachers. There's Mr. Rosenberger the
wimp (Allen Garfield), Mr. Van Ark, the
psycho (Richard Mulligan), Mr. Sials the
stuffed shirt (Arthur Hill), and Mr. Horn,
the incompetent principal (William
Schallert).

The central character is Nolte’s Alex Gir~
relle, who carries the plot and the message
behind it by seducing the prosecuter
(Williams), ﬁghting the education problem,
and keeping certain students out of trou-
ble. One of those students is Eddie
Pellickian (Ralph Macchio), a habitual
troublemaker, who gets most of the laughs
by setting off the fire alarm in order to cut
class, stealing a driver ed car, making offen~
sive wisecracks in class, purposely misinter-
preting the class project, and dropping in
and out of classes on a regular basis. Cir-
relle uses Eddie to get the message across
by convincing'him to take his class and
make an effort to learn. Although the
chemistry between the two characters is

;strong, Nolte's performance is too macho
for a movie style teacher, and Macchio is
too sensible and sensitive fora street kid.
'lobeth Williamsgives a, fair performance as
Lisa Hammond, the prosecuter, but despite
the fact that'she has the only substantial

. female role in the film, she really is not
given any of the good lines. Supposedly,
her moment to shine is when she strips and
walks naked down a school corrider while _
shouting a holier-than-thou speech at
Nolte, but even that does not come of as;
well as it could. The/charéct'ers of, the other
teachers appear as if they were developed
as seen through eyes of-a- rebellious high
school student. and are, if nothing else,
laughable.

The antics of the students and the
muss.th of the teachers is supported by the

 

ﬂimsy plot dealing with the lawsuit. The
problem is that the plot never gets off the
ground, mainly because the film keeps shif-
ting back to the classroom routines for a
laugh here and there in order to avoid bor-
ing the audience. The most disappointing
thing about the film is that it had twO
choices to be a success, and chose neither
of them. it could have been a dramatic
satire with the humor in ideas and hidden
jokes rather than sight gags and student an-
tics, which could have given it the effect on
people's views on education that Network

Didja ever...

 

but the line "The Rest is On" (to rhyme
with Celestion) almost ruins the song
because it's so patently trying to be a
rhyme, it’s ridiculous. That isn’t the way it's ,
done anymore, fellas; but the song is ex-
cellent anyway.

The album closes with "Sacrificial
Alter," a song whose chorus;

Sacrifice yourself at the altar of love
evokes decidedly mixed reactions; it's a
neat visual concept, but there's a decided
feeling a deja vu to what’s being said.

Overall, the Swimming Pool Q’s is a
strong LP, sure to get airplay on the alter-
native market. However, unfortunately for
any commercial aspirations Calder and
company might harbor, The Swimming
Pool Q's is not the album that's going to
break this band mainstream. With a little
luck though, perhaps the students who go
in to see Lou Reed this Sunday night will
discover another facet of alternative music;
the “hickadelic” realm that seems to belong
solely to The Swimming Pool Q's. D

Teachers

had on their vieWS on the media or that Be-
ing There had on political views, or it
could have gone for straight comedy
without the overstated message and ideas,
in which case it might have grabbed the
teenage moviegoing audience left, right,
and sideways. But it went with a poor mix~
ture of comedy and drama, and turned out
to be less than satisfying.

if possible, steer clear of Teachers, but if
it’s a pretty dull Saturday night, take a
chance at this mediocre comedy-satire for a
few laughs.

C’est Moi

Didja ever, in the dark, at night, curled up under the sheets alone,

think about nothing?

i mean, nothing. Not being alive. Not existing. Not thinking.
Scary, no? i always thought so. The thought that my existence, my
awareness, could end, is close to terrifying.

A world existing. . .without me?

Upsetting. And yet, death is something Vwe are all aware of,
something most of us have assimilated into the scheme of our lives,
somthing to be talked aboutcalmly. And the end ofthe w'orld(which is
what this week’s centerfold concerns itselfwith) is a possibility we’ve
all assimilated into our daily existence also.

The End OfThe World. For me, thatconceptis as incomprehensible
as the concept thatl (and you) might not be a luminous being oflight
and soul, but merely a primate, descended from other, lower
primates, with a lifespan of roughly 70 years. And then, nothing.

if you take the time to read this week's centerfold, try to remember
how you felt as a child when you first learned of the red button.

Fear is a healthy thing. And this generation has more to fear than

anyone has ever had.

Didja ever lie awake atnight, shut your eyes real tight, and try to im-
agine non-existence? Try it tonight. I

l dare ya.

 

 

