 

. so moves~p$¢uwp~gn -

 

(caucus mass sea was; Three universities that
make millions of dollars by performing
research for the Pentagon say they'll drop all
their Pentagon research contracts if the

Reagan. administration goes ahead with its‘

plans to censor professors’ publications of
certain research results. -

in a letter to administration ofﬁcials. the
presidents of Cal Tech, the Massachusetts in-
stitute of Technology and Stanford — which
together do about $400 million a year in
Dept. of Defense research — last week said
they'd have to stop doing all military research
if the rules are implemented.

“Major universities." said David Wilson.
a University of California ofﬁcial and co-
chairman of the committee that is trying to
hammer out the‘rcscarch publication rules.
“do not sign contracts that give someone else
theultimate authority to decide whether the
material is published."

The new rules would give the Pentagon the
right to approve and censor the scientific
reports of certain kinds of research on cam-
puses. says Dr. Leo Young. director of the
Defense Dept.’s Research and Laboratory
Management Office.

“We want the right to approve what you
publish,” he explains.

The reason is “that we've got to slow the
flow of all this good technology stuff going
to the Soviet Union." he says. “The Russians
come here and buy all the stuff they can in
Radio Shack. and most of the leakage comes
from businesses. But some of it comes from
universities. and we have to slow it down."

in essence. the administration proposes to
create a new category of research. points out
Rosemary Chalk. spokeswoman for the
American Association for the Advancement
of Science (AAAS) in Washington. Dc.

“For the 40 years that the government has
been funding military research on campuses.
there’s been classified research and
unclassified research." she says.

“There were strict rules about publishing

 

 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS] n FRIDA YAPRIL 27. I984

.:Univsrs"itiés angered by research censorship

the results of classified research. and many
schools. particularly in the late sixties,
adopted policies not to do it." Chalk ex-
plains.

“Now. they want to call some of the
unclassified research they fund 'sensitive’.
and apply the same censorship rules to it that
they used for the clasified research," she
says.

An official at the National Academy of
Sciences (NAS) who asked not to be named
because he's not an ofﬁcial NAS spokesman.
calls the proposed censorship "an exercise in
paranoia. It's a way for the Pentagon to
make more projects secret without having to

justify it. You can understand their fears the
Russians will steal our weapons. but we're
talking about science, not weapons."

The official says “we proﬁt from publica-
tion of their science as much as they proﬁt
from ours.”

Young contends that “less than one per-
cent" of the Pentagon research contracts
would be affected by the rule.

Asked if it was possible that the Pentagon
could one day decide to classify a majority of
its research contracts as sensitive. Young con-
codes that "nothing can stop that in princi-
ple. But these are reasonable people. it's a
danger. but a very small danger, i believe."

  

Ydung adds the censorship propOsaI is “an
0 ‘ing negotiating position" in a “con-
structive" effort to limit the flow of
technological research to'the Soviet Union
while doing “as little as possible to abridge
the rights of universities."

Wilson is also confident a rule palatable to
both the Pentagon and the universities can be
formed. “it’s not impossible that we can find
a resolution to it. This is a very big issue. but
there is no sense of real panic."

The committee of university and Pentagon
ofﬁcials will meet to try to work out the dif-
ferences sometime later in l984. Young
says. Cl

increased military funds spur protesters

(FOL/.LUE stss SERVICE] The threat by some
universities to drop out of Pentagon-funded
campus research projects is just the latest ex-
ample of a seemingly-deepening uneasiness
over collegcs’ cosier relationship with the
military.

Military funding of campus and university
research has increased rapidly during the
Reagan administration.

The Pentagon is paying campuses $894
tniilioa to do military research this year.
President Reagan has asked for a $996
mil 'on campus military research budget for
the ext year.

ith the funding increases have come pro-
tests. physical and otherwise, this school
ycai.

Most dramatically. 27 University of
Michigan students occupied a research lab
last November for two days to protest their
school’s involvement in secret tnilitary
research.

More typically. major university ’defense
contractors have held extensive forums and
debates over their military connections.

“Having such huge military spending (on

’ campus) may have sortie influence on the rest
of the university as to policy." worried Dr.

 

   

 

Friday April 27
Saturday April

~ Tickets 54 50 With

Dance Council Presents

\\

%

700’CWOA’KS

o Student Donce Concert

Performing Arts Center
State University of New York at Albany

$5.50 w/o tax cord/senior Citizens
$6.50 general admission
Box Office : 457-8606 For more info: 457-4523

SR Fund-d

BP
28 M

tax card

 

. Jerome Frank. author of "Sanity and Sur-
vival in the Nuclear Age," at a recent Johns
Hopkins meeting to protest campus involv-
ment in military and nuclear research.

Johns Hopkins's recent re-chartering of a
ROTC program “might not have happened if
the university didn't have this big investment
in the military."

When the staff of at Stanford lab balked at
X-ray research related to nuclear weapons,
the university agreed to tke on only the
aspects of the research not related to
weaponry.

Harvard students helped put a measure on
last November's ballot that would have turn-
ed Cambridge into a “nuclear free zone." if
passed. the law effectively would have kept
Harvard out of nuclear weapons research
contracts.

In February, Cal Tech faculty members
asked the administration to drop plans to add
a U.S. Army policy center to existing
federally-financed research labs because the
policy center had more to do with military
matters than scientific matters.

“When a pretigious university does
research in nuclear weapons." Frank reason-

ed at the John Hopkins forum. "it very
powerfully reinforces the dangerous illusion
that a nuclear war can be won by the side that
has the greatest technology."

Not all campus officials oppose the grow-
ing college ties to the Pentagon. of cottrse.

“The university has stated through its
trustees that national security is a part of its
public service mission." contends Edward
Cochran, spokesman for Johns Hopkins’s
Applied Physics Lab. which is currently do-
ing almost $275 million worth of research for
the Pentagon.

Weapons research is "it necessary evil,"
says Johns Hopkins graduate student Bill
Saunders. “There is a need for defense in
society. and it doesn't conflict with educa-
tion." .

“if they offered me a job with a defense
contractor," added Johns Hopkins student
Mike Burke. “i'd probably take it. Most of
the materials engineers i know are interview-
ing with defense contractors."

At MlT. another major wepaons resear- '

cher for the government. “students around
here aren't interested in military spending."
reported student Martin Bickau. El

  

FRIDAYAPRIL 27, I984 ii ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 1%: 1' Zr

6

 

  
 
  
  
 
   
 
 

election? is he crazy?” Sometimes I think i am. But let me tell
you, I love this job. It means more to me than anything.

jects in the works, battles still to be won and issues that haven’t
even reached the surface yet. This is why re-electing me would be
beneficial to SUNYA. My proven commiitment and dedication has
led us on to many successes this year. With a second term as SA
President, I could really put a dent in the University regarding the
areas of students’ rights, minority affairs, programming, athletic
spirit and women’s safety.

 

Carnival-

LC6

DAY T-SHIRT

SA FUNDED

 

 

MAY lst is Carnival Day
on the Podium
12:00PM-4:00PM
General Interest Meeting
for all people interested
in working at the

APRIL 30 at 10:00PM

ALL WORKERS WILL RECEIVE
FREE HAP WEEK-CARNIVAL

 

  

. AN OPEN LETTER TO THE SUNYA STUDENT BODY.

 
  

 

  

  

I’m sure many of you are asking “Why is Rich running for re-

    

 
 
 
  
 

   
 

The Student Association has so much potential with many pro-

   

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
   
 

l have done my best to fight for your rights all this past year.
Now I need your help and support — Please vote and re—elect me
on April 30 and May 1.

 

 

Thank you.I

 
  

 

 

Rich Schaffer

   
    

PS. You need your Spring ’84 tax sticker to vote!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

 
 

   
  
 
 

