 

we.

..-~_ MWM‘ ea... ’-
~. fawwﬂ-v. We'v-

  .:-».'L 

. 9;"..st

gag...- ‘-

 54%;:

wart.“

j-L -...'_-..»-< ~43 mgr-Mu... a.ng

«r

a’WyALMNY STUDENT P‘Rtsss it : TUESDA Y may I. I984

f.

*v. .r I

EVERY MONDA Y IT’S
, "ITALIAN NIGHT”

III/I Mona)

 
  

by Chet Dominick

Homemade Pasta & Italian Specialt

(434-8186

5- l 0
EM.
ies

 

  

 

STATE
DUTCH
COLONI
INDIAN
ALUMNI

HOTEL

REFRIGERATOR PICKUP NOTICE

AL

10 tam-6:30 pm-TUEs.-MAY 8th
10 am-6:30 pm-WED.--MAY 9th
10 am-6:30 pm-THUR.-MAY 10th
10 am-6:30 pm-FRI.--MAY 11th

10 am-6:30 pm-MON.--MAY 14th

WELLINGTON

CAMPUS RENTALS, INC.

2:00 pm-MON.--MAY 7th

ALL REFRIGERATORS LOCATED IN THE ABOVE
OUADS, WHETHER OR NOT ORIGINALLY RENTED
IN THESE OUADS, MUST BE RETURNED AS
OUTLINED ABOVE, CLEANED, DEFROSTED, AND
WITH PARTS SO THAT YOUR DEPOSIT CAN BE
REFUNDED. '

 

 

IULY

VISA a MasterCard

No! I I“
Sharon. CI 00009

i
1
1
i

 

BLUEGRASS FE
19-22 \ V...» .

COUNTRY GENTLEMEN (2 I. 22')
IEI'HRO BURNS (2t. 22)
WIIETSTONE RUN (I9. 20)
VASSAR CLEMENTS(21. 22)
IOIIN HARTFORD (2 t. 22)
105 VAL at THE NEW ENGLAND
BLUEGRASS BOVS(19. 20)
BRISTOL MT. BLUEGRASS (19, 20)

a. -
Rt. 22 — Ii miles south of llillsdalc.

A

Thursday SIZ. Friday 515. Saturday 520. Sand
ths under 10 Ire: - Sentor (Iiti/cns SS/ .

WINTERHAWK

.r

   
  

 

M.C. CHRIS ‘I‘ESISEY (I9. 20. 21. 22)

o

 

At the Rothmss I’.Irm. Ancr-lm. N

STIVAL

  

‘ IIIn: hARl Y IIIRI) SPECIAL: (limping Ticket 525/ now until .-\prtl lst
(.itmptttg ltckct S III/In .ttltattte. Still/at gate (includes show it free rough c.ttttptttg Wed.

t ru Sun. or any pottton III that tune, (Lttcs upcn Wed. .Ir I2 Norm)

Full (Ionccssttms .ttni Shtmcrs on (irotttttls - Rant or Shine

I'crs Must Be Leashed — Motorcycles Must Be Lelt .tt Main (Lite

A I00% Family Show!
Sound by Southard Audio

Mum Call 24 hours (203) 364-0487

Matt Coupon 5. Payment
Wlntethawlt I‘Iodthlons. Ltd.

Return this ponlon with Payment

VISA 5t MasterCard 1

I_/

    

DRY BRANCH FIRE
SQUAD(19. 20. 2t. 22)
' BRYAN BOWERSt21.22)

CHRIS HILLMAN, AL PERKINS
a BERNI LEADON (21. 22)
,TRAVER HOLLOW (I9. 20. 21)
RED CLAY RAMBLERS (21. 22)
TONY TRISCHKA a SKYLINE (20. 2 I)

NY (at Mass/Conn/NY border)

_ .ty SIS —- Dogs SS/leashed
any one day - I an I).ty For Advance rickets lune .Iii

— CAMPING ALLOWED WITH CAMPING TICKET ONLY -—
BLUEGRASS BAND 8c MANDOLIN CONTESTS THURSDAY: July 19

No Drugs — No Alcohol in Performance Area - No Open Fire: — No Private Sound Systems

Rules Gt Registration Iorms available from Wintcrhawk Productions. Ltd.

Information and Advance Tickets: Winterhawk Productions. Ltd.
P.O. Box I148. Sharon. Ct. 06069

It'opyrtyn wtntethawk Prod. Ltd.

 

 

Name
Address
City State Zip

 

 

 

.Women’strack team finish ~ '

strong third at ‘SUNYACs

By Jim Erwin
SI:-tl-I~' u NIIA‘R

In what Coach Ron Wltite termed “a real
team effort." the Albatty State women's

‘track ttnd field learn placed third in the

SUNYAC's this past Saturday. Geneseo won
tlte meet with a total of I25 points. followed
by Iiroekport witlt 98 points. The Danes
compiled a total of 90 points for their third
plttce finish. The teatn was tninus a few key
athletes becttuse of scheduling conﬂicts atttl
sickness. but Coach White cottttttented. “I
tltougltt the team ptttled together real well.
We tttuy ltave had a shot at second with those
athletes. bttt to place third everyone had to
contribute and they did. I was very pleased
witlt the meet.3'

The highlight of the meet had to be the
Danes 4 X 400-ntctcr relay of Anita Heath.
Wanda McFadden. Doreen Htttchinson and
Mary Carmody. Not only did the relay win.
they won goittg away. finishing with an ex-
tretncly fast time of 4:08.I. The relay team's
time; a season's best. is within six seconds of
Nationals and Coach White feels they have a
very good chance of qualifying. Said While.
“they didn't ltnve any one pttslting them this
weekend. I think if they get the cotupetition
the next two Itteets (States and Easterns) they
will ltave a good shot at qualifying."

Carntody had qttite a day as she also was
the individual winner of the 400-metcr dash.
Running against some very good cotnpeti-
lion. Carmody ran a season best titnc of
59.47 seconds. Heath also competed itt the
event. placing sixth with a time of 1:04.00.

'I'hc Danes distance crew provided for

SPORTS BRIEFS

Women’s tennis

The Albany State women's tennis team
proved not ready for Division I
powerhouses Concordia or St. Johns. bttt
were still able to muster a victory against a
lower touted college. l’ucc Urtivcrsity. 5-4.

On Friday. the Danes were massacred by
Concordia, a club that captured the Divi-
sion 1 and II NYS championships last
season.

The next afternoon. Albany State was
throwtt to the wolves again. This titne the
foe was St. Johns. it squad that placed sc-
cond in the NYS'cltampionship a year ago.
fltc Danes fared a little better than cx-
pcctcd. dropping a 7-2 decision to the
Rcdtnen.

Number 5 singles (icri (‘hiodo provided
tltc only singles victory and site also copped
the fast thtttlhcs match paired with .loan
Phillips.

The long weekend came to a close on
Sunday afternoon when the Danes cdgcd
I’acc. 5-4 itt a four and a half hour meet.

The clincher cattle when the first doubles
dtto of Phillips and Chiodo captured the
tltird set of tlteir match. 7-5.

Just as important, though. was the effort
turned in by llclctte l‘ischler. In a J ltottr
tiresotttc tnatch. 'l'ischlcr edged her oppo-
Itcttt in three sets.

Albany State will bring their 4-4 record
ittto today’s 111ch versus the top-ranked
SUNY club. Binghamton.

Spikers advance

Six _out of nine members of the Albany
State volleyball clttb knew it was their last
chance. Maybe that is why they pulled a
ﬁrst two weeks ago in the NCAA Tourna-
ntent.

For the first time. the Danes. advanced a
round in the NCAAs to close not only a
season Successfully. but a five year history
that saw them reaclt the Nationals three
times.

Unlike the other two qualifying years
when Albany was knocked ottt immediate-
ly. this season's squad had more success. In

from Robert Morris 3-2 in the best of five
series.

The incentive was there for Albany State.
Since six out of the nine members will
graduate. this spring. the club is planning to
disband next season. Bttt because of their
clutch playing in the fifth and decisive

the first round, they upset the varsity team

Albany‘s best showing in a single event in the
10.000-meter run. Lynn Jacobs led the way
with a first place finish in a time of 39:45.61.
.Incobs was trying to qttalify for Nationals in
the event. but was thwarted by the heat and
lack of competition. Returning from a case
of tentlonltis which sidelined her for three
weeks. sophomore Dunc Ilctte Diambn ran a
respectable tittte of 42:46.8 to place third.
DIamhu's titne qualllied her for States in the
event. Chris Varley rounded ottt the scoring
for the Danes in this event. placing fifth with
n titttc of 44:51.2.

Albany fared well in the discus where
Allison I)el.tturier attd Mary Randlcs placed
third and fourth respectively. Del.attrier
came up with a throw of 107'6" for her Itird
place. Rantlles rigltt behind her with a throw
of 106‘7". Randles catne back to take
another fourth place in the shotput with a
toss of 33'1 I". Kim Lozier also placed in the
shot with a loss of 32'] 1.". good for sixth
place.

Co-captains Jacobs and Karen Kurthy pro-
\it|cd the punch for Albany in the 3000-mcter
run. placing second and tltird rcpsectively.
Jacobs was tinted in 10:50.4. followed by
Kurthy in a titne of 10:52.1.

()ther scorers for Albany included Wanda
McI-‘addcn in the ZOO-meter dash placing sc-
cond with a titne of 28.38 seconds; Doreen
Hutchinson‘s third in the BOO-meter run in a
time 912223.36; attd a third place finish in the
4x100-meter relay in a time of 52.74. The
Danes next host the New York State Division
111 meet here at SUNYA this Saturday and
Sunday. | l

 

gatnc. The club will not dissolve without the
honor of winning an NCAA game.

The Danes were underdogs going ittto the
match or at least in the eyes of Robct Mor-
ris. The Pennsylvania scjtool. wiltigh con-
tains on its roster four full so tolarship
players. came out onto the court seemingly
eooly. according to Captain Brian Sat-
terlce, as they were dttnking volleyballs into
basketball hoops for warmups instead of
ttsing their routine pro-game drills.

“I don’t think they thought we were go-
ing to pose a challenge." mused Satterlec.
“Their coach didn’t bother to tell use where
the ttcxt round of the tottrnatnent was goittg
to be. We later found it was at Pittsburgh
University."

When tltc two hour and 45 tnitmte
marathon was completed. it was Albany
State heading to the Steel-city. not Robert
Morris.

Iiut the Pennsylvania school didn't go
down without a fight. The Danes had to
erase a 12-9 deficit in the decisive fifth game
and score six ottt of the last scvctt poittts to
secure the victory and advance to Iltc next
tottttd where tltcy were defeated by littst
Stroudsberg.

“We called time out when we were down
12-9 and we got ottr act together." said Sat-
Icrlee. “We said in the huddle that if we
ever wanted to win an NCAA game we had
to do it now." '

Upcoming events

The Albany State baseball team will
travel today to Schenectady to meet Union
at 3 p.m....The men‘s tennis team wil take
to the Dutch courts against Williams...thc
men’s track team will compete today in a
quad meet against Union. RP]. and Hart-
wiek on university track...thc lacrosse team ‘
will face Colgate tomorrow afternoon on
university field at 3 p.m....thc women's
softball team will host Herbert Loltman
tomorrow ath.m. ‘

Track banquet

The men’s track and cross-country teams
held their annual award banquet last Sun-
day night. Among those honored were
departing assistant coaches Tim Gunther
and Howard Williams both of whom served
for two years at SUNYA.

Indoor track award winners included
Rookie-of-thc-Ycar David Illette. Most Im-
proved John Reilly. and MVP Pat Sac-
cocio.

 

 

  

his partner, David Grossman.

  

 

 

By Dean Chang
.twm 'I.-I u:- mmts Ito/um

This weekend‘s matches against Bingham-
ton and Concordia did nothing to establish
the Albany State men's tennis tettttt as one of
(he powerhouse teams in the East. It's ac-
cgpled that the Danes are far and away the
best team in the SUNYACs. but tltc weekend
split indicated that the teant isn‘t quite ready
for the big boys.

According to Coach Bob Lewis. there were
three factors that contributed to the team‘s
7.2 loss to Concordia. tIII NAIA learn. The
first attd most itttportattt factor was that the
team was travel Weary. After returning from
liinghamton late Friday night. the players
barely had enough titne to recuperate; the
team was on the road again on Saturday at
9:00 a.m.. ready for attotltcr tltree-ltour trip.

Anotltcr factor was that Concordia has
their own indoor cottrts. enabling the team to
play all winter long. The third factor was that
Concordia was a vastly improved team from
past years. one cxatttplc bcittg Annil Kotoor.
Concordia‘s second singles player. Kotoor
wasn't eligible to play last sctttestcr. attd his
arrival strengthened the squad.

Lewis stressed that tltcsc factors are not to
be confused with cxcttses for losittg. "We
just got bettt badly." said the coach. "It was
a combination of Its not playing well and
them playing real well. I don't think we
would have beat tltctu on our best day."

First singles player Dave Ulrich was still
feeling the effects of Friday‘s match. when llL‘
ltad vacrc cramps itt his calves. He lost the
first set. 6-2. and was trailing in the second
set. 5-0. He proceeded to win the ttcxt four
games. but lost his serve and the match.

“My calves were killing me." said Ulrich.
“I also wasn't mentally ready. which is a bad
excuse. I started tttissittg shots and I got down
on thyself. Wlten l was serving to tie the se-
cortd set up. ljttst didn't have it."

At second singles. Rob Karen lost to
Kotoor. 6-2. 6-0. "He never let Inc get
started." said Karen. “He had complete con-
trol of the match. There was nothing I could
do, he was just a superior opponent."

Third singles player Totn SL‘lImiII. fell to
Miguel Linan in straight sets. 6-3, 6-3. At
fourth singles. David Grossman lost his first
thatch in the spring and in the process, drop-
ped his ﬁrst set of the season as well. He lost
to John Lin. 4-6. 6-4. 6-1.

 

 

-=' Wmmummh'..w.wn .

Said Grossman. “I just lost my head in the
middle of the match. I played the first set
well. bttt at 5-4 in the second set I double
faulted twice to give Itittt the set. I never real-
ly recovered frottt that."

At fifth singles. Jay liiscttbcrg was over-
whelntcd by Steve Knngwa. 6-1. 6-1. At sixth
singles. Mike Dermnnsky lost to Kela
Simunyola. 6-3. 6-0.

With the match already sewn up for Con-
cordia. the doubles matches didn't ltave
tnttclt significance in the final outcome. That
didn't prevent Albany's number one duo of
Ulrich and (‘rrossman from defeating Laurin
and Kotoor itt easily the best played doubles
match of the year. 6-4. 4-6. 6-4.

"It was by far the best performance of the
year.“ said Lewis. “It was just great to

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS
Tom Schmttz downed Binghamton’s
Chris Olson 76. 6-3.

TUESDAYMAYI, mun ALBANY STUDENTPRESS   '

Netmen defeat Binghamton, fall to Concerdiasiia

watch. The standard of play was excellent; it
was good. good tennis."

The Albany pair felt that Concordia's
doubles team was the most competitive team
they have faced all year. Titerc were only
tltree breaks of service the entire match. "It
was good. hard tennis." said Grossman.
“You couldn't relax on any point."

The second doubles team of Karen attd
Schqu defeated Minek Wierzbicki and
Michael I'ravec in straight sets. 7-5. 6-2.

“Tommy and l are playing real good
doubles." said Karen. "We're starting to
play like a team. A lot of the credit for Its
winning has to go to Tommy."

At third doubles. Dermattsky attd
Eisenbcrg fell to Kangwa and Simnnyota.
6-3. 6-0.

()verall. Lewis was disappointed that his
tcant didn‘t rise up to the challenge. “We
didn‘t give a good account of ottrsclvcs. even
though I'ttt convinced that tltcy are a better

Friday's 6-3 win ovcr Binghamton setvcd
notice that the Danes are still Iltc class of tile
SUNYACs.

Ulrich won ll big match against rival Jim
Clark. l-6. 6-2. 7-5. the witt almost
guaranteed the senior a spot lll tltc Nationals.
as botlt players were under consideration.
The two met in the fall. where Ulrich ltntttlcd
down a 7-5. 6—0 defeat to Clark. After l-'Ii-
day's first set. Clark's mind was olw iously set
on revenge.

“He played a push game: a lot of slices to
tnakc tttc run." said the co-captttin. “l was
missing easy \ollcys. In the second set. I kept
attacking and I made my volleys."

According to Ulrich. he has been known to
ctatttp ttp on ltot days during long matches.
This Iuatclt was no exception. With tltc score
3-2 in favor of Clark. Ulrich needed a break
to even the score. On an important point.
Ulrich hit all approach shot and rushed tltc
ttct. Clark ltit a passing shot that Ulrich dove
for in futility. Ulrich's reward for his efforts
were the severe cramps in his calves.

"i didn't want to default the match." said
Ulrich. With that in mind. ltc drank some
water and let the coaches stl'ctclt him out.
After a brief delay. Ulrich. still in pain.
returned to continue the match. He won the
next point to break serve.

The pain was so severe that Ulrich was

forced to serve the remainder of the match
using easy overhandcd serves and at times.
easy underhanded serves. Dcsplte this han- '
dlcap. Ulrich was able to hold serve three
times to take a 6-5 lead in games. If Clark
held serve. the match would be decided by a
tlebreaker. There was one hitch to that
scenario: Ulrich had no Intention of playing a
tlcbreaker.

Ulrich's cramps not only affected the way
he was playing. it also affected the way his
opponent was playing. Clark tried to take ad-
vantage of Ulrieh’s cramps and resorted to a
game of drop shots and lobs. This change of
tactics probably cost Clark the match.

“I attacked the net a little tnorc to pat the
pressure on him." said Ulrich. "lie missed
the shots ltc needed to win.“

After the match. Lewis remarked that
Ulrich's performance [was gutty. "Date
HITO\\'L‘IJ his courage and his competitiveness ‘
out there." said Lewis. "A lot was at stake
anti he ended up winning."

At second singles. Karen lost itt tltrcc sets
to Ilarry Goldberg. 7-6. 4-6. 6-2. The loss
jeopardized his chances of making the Na-
tiottals. If Karen Itad beaten Goldberg. he
wottld hate ltad the chattcc to play Clark for
the rigltt to go to the Nationals. Unfortunate-
ly. lte never got the chance.

"I felt in my heart that I would have
beaten Clark." said tltc Ell-L‘itlllttlll. “I was
probably thinking about Clark instead ot
(ioldhct'g. Maybe I let the pressure get to
me."

I‘hird singles plttycr Schmitz defeated
('ltris ()lscn. 7-6. 6-3. At fourth singles.
(irossntan avenged a defeat he suffered at the
ltattds of Scott (irecttc itt last fall's SUNYAC
clutmpiouships. He won. 6-4. 6-4.

At fifth singles. Dcrmansk’y lost to Rich
(irundfast. 6-3. 6-1. Eiscnberg beat [truce
Salter. 6-2. 6-2. "‘Jay went through that
match very easily. which is partly why 1 rnov-
ed him up to fifth singles agaittst
Concordia." said Lewis. "

lIecause of Ulrich's cramps. Albany had to
default first doubles. That 1ch Albany one
match away from victory with two doubles
matches left to play. Third doubles Dcrman-
sky attd Eiscnbcrg clin ned the win with their
6-4. 6-4 victory over (irundt‘ast and Sauer.
The second dottblcs team of Karen and
Scllllllll beat Goldberg attd ()lscn. 6-4. 6-2.

Trackmen fly past Hamilton and Binghamton

By Mike Turkady

It was a uniﬁed team effort that boosted
the Albany State men's track and field team
into first place during the last events at a
triangular meet with Hamilton College and
host SUNY Binghamton held last Saturday.
The Dane trackmcn scored 85 points in the
double win to the Colonials' 66 points and
third-place Hamilton's 65 points. and raised
their dual tncet record to 4-3.

With scoring for Ist through 4th place. the
trackmen were able to score big in the
distance events because of their depth there.
In an outstanding effort. captain Ed McGill
won the 10.000-mctcr rttn in a super fast time.
of 31:26.2. so fast that he lapped every other
runner in the race twice. Chris Callaco and
Steve Ravnitsky took second and fourth
respectively. The very fast 1.500-metcr race
helped several Albany runners to personal-
best times including third-place finisltcr Craig
l’arlato's 4:01.7. Ian Clcments' 4:015. and
Tom I-lot‘f's 4:06. In the 8(X)-mcter run.
lttnior Tom Kacandcs ran a personal-best
tune of 2:00.l to place third. while Iloff took
Iourth in 2:00.83. III the LOGO-meter
steeplcchasc. sophomore Chuck lironttcr led

Sentorco-oaptatn Dave Ulrich
qualified for the Natlonats
ln singles and in doubles wlth

 

Read about it in Fri-
day’s ASP

 

freshman Todd James to his best time. 10:21.
and a 2-3 Albany finish.

The wartn wcatltcr helped Albany's sprint
sqttad. which did an impressive job against
Binghamton‘s nutch improved sprinters. The
4x100 relay of John Reilly. Br'ucc VanTassel.
Pat Saceocio. attd Al Neil finished second in
43.7 seconds. VanTasscl then took second in
the ltO-metcr high hurdles. while Reilly and
Saccoeio blew away tltc 400-mctcr daslt field
finishing 1-2 in times- of :49.8 and :50.1
respectively. Later. VanTassel led teammates
Don Bleasdalc and liill Waring to big points
in the 400-mctcr intermediate httrdles wltcre
Albany‘s delegation finished first. third. and

fourth. Reilly pill on a big shift to lead Sac-
cocio to a 2-3 Albany finish itt the ZOO-meter
dash.

Senior jtttttpcr Itill Waring ltad an outstan-
ding day and led lltc field cvcttts crew with
two personal-best marks. Waring took se-
cond itt the long jtttup with his best-ever
mark of 21'8". Rej Jamcrson cltopped in
with a third place iIt tltc pole vault. Albany‘s
only scorcr itt that event. Another solo artist.
Marc Mercurio. tttade his presence known by
taking sccortd iIt the hammer throw and a big
first in the discus. Al Neil had an off day.
bttt still won the high jtttttp with a leap

tttcasttrctl at 6'4".

that win put Albany ahead by four points
with the javelltt. tltc 5.00ti-mctct Itttt. arid the
4x400-mcter relay left. Senior Don lilcasdale
cante through with a wry big win in the
javclin to extcttd the Dane lead. Then
distance runners Jim lirwitt. llronttcr. and

Kevin Sheehan went 2-3-4 iIt the 5.000 to lock -
up the win. The 4x400 relay of Reilly. Andy
Callari. Saccocio. artd l’aul I‘auty ran 3:29 to
take second and close ottt tltc scoring. The
track'mcn ltost a quadrangular Incct with
RI’I. Union and Hartwick today on Unitcrsi-
ty Track beginning at 3:00 p.m. - ‘

 

B Mtke Skolnlck

.‘iI¢IIl-‘ II'RIIER

Lack of experience is often the difference
between a winning and losing team. This
key factor was missing this weekend as the
Albany women‘s softball team dropped
four games in the Albany Invitational. giv-
ing the women a 2-12 record.

The team is cttrrctttly in the midsts of a
five game losing streak. their last victory
coming in the second half of a
doubleheader against Oneottta.

III the first game against a powerful Cor-
tland team. the team managed only one hit
as they were bombed. 13-0. The team com-
Inittcd fivc costly errors which led to eight
unearned runs for Cortland. tlcidi Iterer
went all the way for Cortland. striking out
three and giving up tltrcc walks.

In the second game against Stony Brook.
freshman pitcher Jttlic Wilson took the
mound for tire Danes. She had never pitch-
cd an inning of softball before coming to

 

2-12 softballers hurt by inexperience

Albany. and on this day she was wild.
Wilson gave up fottr runs on walks in the
first inning. The tenth managed to close the
gap to 10-6 itt tltc second inning as Stony
Brook's pitcher got wild and gave up five
runs by walks. lint the teatti never tltrcaten-
ed further as Stony Brook won going away.
15-7. Again errors were costly for the
Danes, as they committed six errors.

Coach Lcc thcttislt attributed tltcsc men-
tal mistakes to a lack of poise attd cx-
pcriencc sayin v. “I strongly believe that the
learn has the talettt to win tuore games; but
we need tttorc games to get the experience
ncctlcd. Also we need to go into our games
with the goal of winning it) mind because
lately we've just been happy to show up and
play the games."

The final day of competition for the team
was a doubleheader with the Binghamton
Colonials. In these two games. the lack of
titnely hitting was the major reason for the
Dane losses. In the first game. the Danes

'thn we commit one error it seems that a

lost by the score of 7-1 mainly because they
couldn't capitalize when they had baserun-
ners.

“We were leaving ntcn on base in every
inning of ctcry game we played this
weekend." said Rhcttish. “Additionally we
were making basic errors in fielding and
throwing the ball. That's to be expected in a
team which is dominated by freshmen.

t'loodgate opens up and that is where we
lose the majority of our games."

In the nightcap. the learn managed only
one run on three hits as they lost. 5-1.

This week. the team concludes their
season with games against Herbert Lehman
and on Friday with a doubleheader against
Oswcgo. Coach Rhcttish is confident that
she has the nucleus of a contending team
which she believes will be stronger next
year. El

 

 

 

 

