 

 

 

cw '_.>v;c;-K. ‘

-....‘

w

 

W

_-.,)-.,’.1._____..

 7 Updates. '

Lounge open

_‘ I

TheHumanltIesLoungewillbeopentd
students again this semester and, accor-

' ding to Dean of Humanities PaulWaIlace.
they're hoping to keep the same policy as
last year."

Renovations, including the installation
ofa wall mural, were planned for the sum-
mer break but have been postponed in-
definitely.  Wallace. I

The Humanities Lounge was closed at
the beginning of last semester because

there was nobody responsible 'for main- '

taining the lounge. Students protested to

..‘

. Lucxev ursl
Dean Paul WallaeaI

News

 sruoam: mass [:1 .rurssm v. serrations is, use

 

rel-open theioungsandacommltteewas
formedtobeheidaccountable for keeping
theloungeclean.

Cohen donates Torah

The Jewish Student. Community at
SUNYA announced last week the dedica-
tion of a Torah scroll recdved as a gift
from professor and Mrs. Donald Cohen.

Cohen. who Is on sabbatical this year
from the School of Social Welfare, ls
donating the Torah for use at Chapel
House Services and High Holiday services.

The dedication ceremony will take place
at Chapel House on Saturday. September
22 at l0:m p.m.

hed local and SUNYA of-
ﬁcials are expected to be present and the
ceremony is open to the public.

Student voting places

The Student Association is currently ap-
puling its case against the city to move
Colonial Quad’s polling place from the
Thruway House to Colonial Quad. If they
lose, they will "probably not pursue it,"
said SA President Rich Schaffa.

The Albany Board of Elections reports
thatstudentslivlngoncampuswlllvotein
the following locaiona:
residents on State Quad; Colonial Quad
residents at the Thruway House; lndlan
QuadandhalfofDutchQuadlntheGym
andtheotherhaifofDutchQuadat'St.
Margaret Mary's School on Western

State Quad '

Voting booth
Avenue.

According to Schaffer, the possibility
exists that those Dutch Quad residents who
vote at St. Margaret Mary's School may
have their polling place changed to Key
Bank on Western Avenue, but no decision
has been made yet.

Aid to part-time study

Dr..Dolores B. Cross. President of the .

New York State Higher Education Services
Corporation (HESC), recently announced
institutional funding allocations for the
State’s new program of aid for part-time

study.

This year’s State budget for student
swank will allocate a proportional mm
of "million dollars to the one hunsm
ninety-four New York State collegq.

Governor Ouomo signed legislation thi.
gpﬂn‘ establishing the State's ﬁrst pro.
gram of student financial aid for pang,“
undergraduate students.

In making the announcement, Dr. cm
noted that New York State's longstandtn.
commitment to part-time students is conti.
nuing by providing "an opportunity now
to obtain State financial aid."

SUNYA enrollment

Nearly [6,000 students enrolled u

SUNYA this semester, including 2,150
freshmen who graduated, on the average
in the top l2 percent of their graduating,
c .
The l6,” enrollment ﬁgure Includes
about 4.500 undergraduates including Ip-
proxirnately LW transfer students. Many
of these transfer students are from SUNY
community colleges.

An estimated 97 percent of SUNYA’s
undergraduates are from New York State
with Nassau County, Albany County and
New York City boroughs sending most of
the students. .

Some 500 foreign students from 70
countries also attend giving Albany one at
the largest international enrollments of
any SUNY campus.

It you have any story ideas or information

tips 

4

know? Call H

 

Dear Little Is,
Your happiness
means everything

May all yous-
wishes come true.

ne we worthy items.

| . i

why not let us

eidi. Jim. or Jane at 457-3322;

I

 

 

 

CAPITAL ENTERTAINMENT
IN CONJUNCTION with
UPAC 8 BSA OF
RENSSELAER POL YTECHNIC INSTITUTE
INVITE YOU TO COME

wwwe‘n .
om...- «www-mgwaw. '

 

Student Action plans focUs

on battling 21,

By David Wetthelm

Faced with the prospect of a 2] drinking
age, the need for massive student voter tur-
nout in November. and the possibility of

I an athletic fee budgeted by administrators

rather than students, SA's Student Action
Committee (SAC) drew an eager crowd of
30 students to their ﬁrst meeting Thursday

/night.

Focusing his committee's agenda on
voter registration, SAC chair Steve Gawley
reminded the crowd that October 5 is the
last day to register for the November
elections.

SAC, the activist wing of SUNYA's Stu-
dent Association, plans to direct a sizeabie
campaign designed to increase the student
vote at SUNYA.

“All issues flow from voter registration.
If students don’t register and vote, then
they don’t have to be listened to," Gawley
asserted. '

SAC Vice Chair Greg Rothschild em-
phasized in his report to the committee
that students should not only vote as in-
dividuals, but as a distinct group. “If we
vote as a block," he said, “we will be
listened to.”

The SAC plans to register students on
the dinner lines and at ﬁve local bars on
September 21 and 22. At these bars, the
SAC will be ready to register them on the
spot.

The next issue raised was the possibility
of a 21 drinking age. Although legislation
has not yet been introduced this year, the
SAC is preparing now for the inevitable
challenge. The committee went over the
course of action it followed last year, in-
cluding plans to re-initiate a letter writing

campaign urging legislators to oppose the

legal drinking age.

The committee is also preparing to deal
with the new-found importance of the
grouper law, which states that no more
than three people can live together in off
campus housing. The law, which has been
on the books for several years, could. if
enforced, pose a serious threat to students
living off campus. Students were urged to
call an Albany Housing inspector if they
encounter any problems in the n‘ear future.

The final major issue discussed during
the meeting was the possibility of
SUNYA's athletic program being moved
to Division I of the NCAA. SAC opposes

voter apathy

this move, which the SUNY Board of
Trustees Is now considering, because it
would give the SUNYA administration the
power to budget the mandatory athletic
fee. .

The funding for athletics is currently
covered by the mandatory student activity
fee, which is allocated by SA with SUNYA
President Vincent O'Leary's approval.

If SUNYA goes to Division I, student
d  V . fee will -

 

 

cmov asivrsv urs
Student Action Chair Steve |
Gawiay .
higher, and jurisdiction may shift totally
away from students, according to
Nathaniel Charney, SUNYA represen-
tative to the Student Association of the
State University.

Besides this, Charney explained. to go to
Division I would take at least seven years,
would cost a phenomenal amount of
money, and is unrealistic for a school like
Albany. SUNYs Buffalo and Stonybrook
would be likelier candidates. Charncy said.

SAC Vice Chair Greg Rothschild
asserted, “We could lose money to other
schools by making this move. We don't
want our priorities to shif ."

After discussing many issues that will
have an impact on students in this
academic year, the SAC turned its atten-
tion to itself. According to Steve Gawley,
student activism will go from the SAC to
the Quad Boards. He emphasized that the
only way to accomplish their goals is by
reaching out to the various quads.

“The only way to fight is to have the
manpower. Come back next Thursday and
bring your friends," said Gawicy. D

 

 

 

Colleges report hard times
since Reagan gained office

(COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE) As the campaign begins in earnest, President

Reagan

ILIRIQGIIES @QIIMY

 

TUBSDA Y, SEPTEMBER". ms El ALBANY SWDBNTP 

if

eiaaoasomesiucms >
moms
"muss. stair mustang

I] 33309928

 

3288 WESTI‘ERIH @WE.
 mower

WJESEGTW [IS WHEN [TIRES]?
@sails .
SMEILIL Eﬂﬁ‘EﬂﬂER E @IREEIR WUBIIGIS a
SS.

EWEERW [KIDGIIHITI' [IS
“Sﬂﬂ@@ﬁ'EIi§“ WEBB?

 

 

 

VIIIIIRIGI @EEUWERW SING“? iii WEENESIDGIV WUQIHITTS

«@PTTQDWM comes comm
EEILILS TG‘IIIKEBI] FEW! @EEUWEIRW
BETWEEN Sac-MUEIRIIIEGW

@EIILEP S82°®£5322 a SSSUTI WIS
' J

 

APPLICATIONS AVALABLE

. NOW
FOR THE (3i MNAL JUSTICE

WAT! PROGRAM

roa SPRING 1985.

 

 

 

is not getting any higher marks from the education community than he has during
the last four years, various higher education experts say.

To assess the president's impact on colleges, College Press Service asked a cross sec-
tion of ofﬁcials and exports a variation of the same question President Reagan posed to
voters in I980: Are you and your campus better off now than you were four years ago]

Pointing to Reagan’s attempts to gut federal financial aid programs, soft enforcement
of campus civil rights laws, and a general “lack of interest" in higher education, some
concluded Reagan has one of the worst higher education track records of any president
in recent history.

“We are certainly not better off than we were four years ago," said Shawna Murphy, I
president of the National Coalitionlof Independent College and‘University Students ‘.
(COPUS) and a student at St. Olaf College in Minnesota. ‘

“We’ve been ﬁghting a continual uphill battle against the Reagan budget cuts," she
lamented. “He’s tried to take a big chunk out of education for the last four years, but ‘
fortunately Congress has come up with compromises that didn’t make the cuts as bad as
they could have been." .v ' i _

Indeed, during his ﬁrst three years in ofﬁce Reagan‘proposcd cutting ﬁnancrai aid furi- _ u
ding from 30-to-50 percent, sending shock waves through the higher education I . .

.IIHPPY
IR'I'I'I DAY!!!

JUMP with
THE POINTER SISTERS

SEPT 26 AT 8:00PM

 

 

 

With an

‘ g - plat is? 
NDERGMDUA

l‘EPROGltAM
OFFICE "-95  “a T‘ ‘
ROCKEFELLER'CQLEC-E
m . 1 CA 
MUSTBEIIEGVEDDYOCT.15th .

AT THE an FIELD HOUSE

community. _ ’ . I .
Among other things, Reagan proposed eliminating some financial aid programs — stu- ».

dent Social Security beneﬁts. Supplemental Education Opportunity Grants (SEOG) and I
State Student Incentive Grants (SSIG) among them — and restricting other programs.

"It's been clear since the l980-8l school year that overall student aid has decreased by
20 percent, even with the rejection of Reagan’s drastic proposed cuts," observed Kathy
Ozer. legislative Iiason for the United States Student Association (USSA) in Washington,
Dv"<‘:’i"he administration's policies regarding regulations, court decisions, and funding has
clearly not been in the best interest of most students.” she asserted.

For example, she said, the Reagan administration backed off a strict enforcement of
Title IX of the I972 Higher Education Amendments. , 19>

 

ALL TICKETS S I 3.50 RESERVED

_ available at tickotron - commonlty box ofﬁce
and RPI FIELD HOUSE BOX OFFICE l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. w -..——a__~.._.

v.
a E..,_.

I
l

 

