«shes—we» -‘~.:s_,~'-*:—r h .

.. ‘;;*:§_Mna£r‘:si2‘::vﬂ".?f2£' we». a,

. kag

. 2-2::—

 

 

  

  
 

  

 
  

.__. ....-.. ........._.-..,_..._.. .....

 

' u--. a “mom-e: a-a:¢~sura+umimwnwm~nmsu."mm...
w. .

a
“A
Ii
gill
i'i
ill

\

ii.
I
i
ii

ill
iii,
l‘.

alt-.. ....._._.:?......

 

 

 

world.

     
   
    
  

    
 

 
  

  

 

 

L.

   

You and 1 (our generation) have grown up in the
shadow of a threat. As impossible as it is to go
backward in time, so it is to walk out into the sun-
shine. We live in a world that can be swept into the
dumpster in the twinkling of an eye.

Very much so.

There is something that only .very recently
began to seem wrong to me — to you and me. Ex-
perts — politicians, scientists — many of them
very wrinkled, their faces frought with constema-
tion, inform us of the uniqueness of the Nuclear
Age, awed, as well they should be (as well we
should be): “Humanity, like never before,
possesses the power to destroy the earth.”

But we already knew that.

But that’s all we’ve known.

You and l.

The point being this: our generation has spent
our entire lives in a world where the'threat of

, nuclear extinction is a fact. Our grandparents and

parents do not share this totality; words like "like
never before" mean nothing to you and me,
history texts aside.

i wonder: what would it be like to wake up

5 every day knowing it would take an awfully long
; time to destroy the earth?

When i was very young my parents would set
me down in front of the television, perhaps to
keep me from swallowing anything caustic while

' they did the dishes. My after dinner pre-school

world became NBC News. it was probably just as
caustic.

_ My distinct memory is not of The Anchorman ‘

_ but what was behind him. While he spoke, the

background was often dominated by a map —- a}

map dotted with little cartoon explosions. The lit-
tle cartoon explosion caught my eye. Most of the
time, l was told "we" made the little cartoon explo-
sions in the faraway country.

i figured it was only natural.

I figured this was my country’s job.

l gave very little thought (i was a very little guy,
after all) as to why someone would want to make
someone else 'face the .horror of little cartoon
explosions.

 

What would it be like to
wake up every day knowing
it would take an awful long
time to destroy the earth?

 

Every day i’d be set down in front of the televi-
sion. Every day the cartoon explosions would be
rearranged. What a game.

This was during the Vietnam War. 1 had no idea
what a bomb was.

My mother was the first to tell me about lots of
things. She was the first to tell me about nuclear
bombs. She explained to me that we had enemies.
We and our enemies had something that, if we
ever happened to hate each other more than every-

» day enemies hate each other, could blow up the
world. She told me we had. . . the Red Button

* r
n

«v _ I.“ g‘

3
Bomb.
Red Button Bomb. Blow up the world.
i was so young.
Oh boy.

The imagination is a child's art. it is where
children create their pictures of an adult world. it is
the source and often the limit of their expression. it
explains for them; it makes order out of chaos. A
child's imagination defines.

This is what i imagined.

i knew bombs were dropped from airplanes but
it didn’t know they were shiny silver thumbs with

Ins.

l imagined a bomb to be rather large and amor-
phous, like a loosely packed mudball. And, of
course, there was always a Red Button on top of
the loosely packed mudball.

in the midst of all the hate, the Red Button was
pressed and whoosh there went the Red Button
Bomb. Whoosh, Whoosh,- whoosh.

Oh yes, l also believed bombs could be planted
and the Red Button pushed. Boom.

 a....~--_.hmmw-u ..._.

'  ‘25:? r  .' '5:;-‘:':§

was born two weeks before the death of John
Kennedy, eighteen years after the first hostile
use of a nuclear weapon, seventeen years
before the election of Ronald Reagan, I Year and
two weeks after the Cuban Missile Crisis and -— if
you'll excuse my less than sufﬁcient research —
who knows how many years before the end of the

Yes, there 1 am, in the middle of all that.

 

‘ he in Red Button Bomb

A Blast. From The Past

   

   

World. -

Whoosh.

Boom.

Crack.

Crack? Yes, crack, because to this child a Blown
Up World was disfigured. l imagined a blown up
world as cracked in half and in my mind’s eye I saw
the jagged half of a baby blue eggshell(now
somewhat soiled)floating in space.

Half the world would, literally, be gone.

i was young, optimistic and invincible. i felt sure
that i would be on the half-earth that remained.

De facto.

And why not. After all, my country had shown
me that it could make a hell of a lot more cartoon
explosions than anyone else. We practiced often.
No one had more mudballs than we did, it
appeared.

l would live. The Red Button Bomb was just go‘
iriii ‘0 have to be something someone else would
need to fear.

.. ._ . -.,. __... —~J -r. "m"-.. .. ..

  

  

by Joseph Fusco

/‘* '

  

 

    
 
 

  
  
   
  
    
  
 

       
 
   
  
  
  
 

 

 

 

   

Regardless, the Bomb would blow up the

They were hordes of alien, dispicable people.
They didn't share our obvious respect for hap-
piness and human life. They probably didn’t dress
the same as we did. They would be the ones to put
me in the “lottery” and give me a fifty-fifty chance
of being on the correct half of the world. l trusted
in their incompetence. They were the enemy.

Evil, l imagined.

We neighborhood children used to have Great
Gun Battles. We’d whoop, holler, stalk, giggle,

 

The Red Button Bomb.
Blow Up The World.
Oh, boy.

 

shoot and die very dramatically as was the essence
of the affair. We mimicked hate, bloodlust and par-
tisanship. It was a fun game and we played it over
and over became our violence never had any
consequences.

When the game was over, the corpses stood up,
brushed themselves off, and checked to see if their
pistols needed more water.

i wonder what children today are imagining. Do
they assume they'll be among the lucky ones on
the remaining fragment of this planet?

Do they think bombs are solutions?

Do they learn to distrust different and distant
people, creating a world of "us" and "them"?

"r-“jwfjjjc'jw"2“ymﬁfﬁtﬂkW”*”mm‘T‘—"_ﬂw" ' T " ' 1»...

.M... ._. . _. . .

    

r Do they know that there are people and death
and horror underneath the abstraction of cartoon
explosions?

Do they realize violence isn’t a game, it’s never
over, and corpses don’t stand up and brush
themselves off?

i bristled over the debate as to whether school-
aged children should have watched programs like
The Day After. Apparently some people thought
it would be too upsetting, but, i pleaded, they

should be aware, at least. Granted, The Day After '

was dilute, yet the issue is the days after and more
importantly, The Years Before.

Generation after generation, like ours, will con-
tinue to be born into a world armed with nuclear
weapons and a world conditioned to violence. Like
myself at avery young age, they may be tem-
porarily misled. Yet misled is incorrect —‘ unin-
formed is more accurate. “Uninformed” under the
nuclear shadow makes no sense, even in the begin-
ning of youth.

The facts of the Nuclear Age(they are in-

escapable)are something I’ve rarely heard discussed -

between parents and children and in our schools. i
wonder why we hesitate to discuss truly vitalissues
with the young. is it because of horror and denial?
is it because we don't want to scare the hell out of
little children? I hope not.

Let children grow up with a willingness to deal
with a reality that will be as present in their day as
it is in ours.

Let us hope that children will grow up with the
ability to deal with war, death and hate and then
turn their minds to better things.

 

mm... __ M,

 

i
i.
l
i
ii
a,
‘ a:

 

