 

 

j
.
i
i
E

. ..aowh‘~"""l‘ll‘  u.

‘-‘T"T"—"  MN, ..

-....m§~.€~:.mm1c.m ..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1. alone on the rocks have seen the beuaty of the sea
that paintings nor words can't express.

It is mystical as the waves ripple the water beyond where
the eye can see.

God, I wish you were here. . .

In my arms as 1 tell you my secrets, my thoughts. my dreams,

1 want you here to smell the smells of the sea with me.

I want you to hear the sounds of the waves with me.

I want you to see the sun as she retires for the night over
waters with me.

But, I am here, and there is no you.
The waters are violent and

‘ the sky seems gray. empty.

Cold is all around me now.
Without you, the sea has no beauty for me.
It is just I, alone.

Angela Smith

 

 

 

 

 

the blue green

 

rock n' roll.

 

This Sunday, November 11, University Concert Board will be presenting the
rock group Zebra in the Campus Center Ballroom. Zebra, who first gained
public recognition in 1983 with their self-titled debut album, consist of Randy
Jackson, Felix Hanemann, and Guy Gelso. The trio has just released their sc-I
cond LP, No Tellin’ Lies.

The group's songwriting chores are handled by Randy Jackson, lead guitarist:
Jackson is also well known on Long l5land‘(where the group first became
famous) as a guitar virtuoso. The group first became known for their fantastic
covers of Led Zeppelin; their own songs take on a Zeppelin-type air at trim-s

The song "Bears," off the second album has been recieving national airplay
the most well-known cuts on the first album Were "Tell Me What You Want ”
“Who's Behind The Door," and "One More Chance."

Zebra is basic rock n’ roll; on stage, no sophisticated lighting or lasers arc in-
ed to pad the band’s bluesy/rock sound.

Zebra isn’t like any of the more "poppy" bands recording today; they're in a
class by themselves. No gimmicks, no flashy Showmanship. Just Straightforward

   

Zebra In The Ballroom

Mark Robarge — WCDB

 

 

University Cinemas

A long time ago in a galaxy jar faraway.

“Div-tuva nan. -..:~-~.o mom sham
MK mm W VMR

cams .
mmzm.m\vlwws
our amt

 

 

 

 

presents

NeXt week

the story
continues...

Fri. 8: Sat.
NOV. 9&10

Sh '7

’“W

 

 

Greystoke

-The Legend of-

Lord of the Apes

‘3
w 0 gt
5 b 10:

 

 

 

Tarzan

LC7

00

 

 

S'A Funded

 

.. in“. adamant.»

November 7

 

    

 

McCartney Has

A 5 you may already know, Paul Mc-
Cartney has just released a movie
written by, and starring himself.
Ci ve lyly Regards to Broad Street was writ-
ten by McCartney in his Mercedes as he
was chauffeured everyday between his
Sussex farm and the London studio where
Pipes of Peace was recorded.

 

Corey Levitan

 

Obviously, nobody expected Broad
Street to claim a place alongside
Hollywood's finest, but somehow McCart-
ney managed to find enough yes-men at
20th Century Fox to get the eight-million-
dollar project financed. This was a shrew
move on his part, as McCartney himself
expressed doubts about the movie. In the
August issue of McCall's magazine, he
described the reaction he hoped Broad
Strvcl would receive... "if people come out
of the cinema not cursing me, saying, ’I
didn't waste my time of my rnoncy', then
that's fine... As for lhc critics, I just have to
lcl llrc-rn at this film, likc hycnas on a
bone.” Is this the altitude of a confident
screenwriter? McCartney know very well
how Broad Sll'i‘t'l would he rcccivrrd.
Here's what this hycna thought...

First I'll offer a hricl synopsis of McCart-
ney's box office career. Excluding Broad
Street and various concert films, Paul has
been in four feature films during his career,
all of them with the Beatles. Most people
are familiar with three of those motion pic-
tures. A Hard Day’s Night and Help were
popularlyacclaimed, professionally writ-
ten and directed comedies. Then there was

, Let It Be, a simple, unnarralcd documen-

tary showing how the Beatles, who werc
sadly about to break up, record their
average album. The movie that everyone
seems to forget is a 1907 project entitled
Nlagical Mystery Tour, a surrealistic film
about a rock group taking a ride into the
unknown. This plotless waste of celluloid
was the brainchild of, you guessed it, Paul
McCartney, who wrote most of the
"script" and directh the movie himself. No
movie company would bite and the film
was shown only once on British television.
It was considered by everyone, even the
other Beatles, to be a catastrophic flop and
the group never completely got over the
embarrassment it caused.

What we have here, folks, is the new
Magical Mystery Tour, except that insted
of a rock group on a bus ride, Broad Street

11

Thc music of lil'o.itl51rc'cl includcs ninc
old Bcalle and postBt-atle McCartney
songs that were rc-rccordcd for the Inovic.
in my opinion, rorcrording classic pop
songs invites lroulilc. Contemporary music
is unlikc, say classical music, where the
music itself, so intricately laid out by com-
posr‘l's for generations of lulure musicians
to perform, is what's most important. in
contemporary music, the magic of the song
is rooted in one specific recorded perfor-

O O O

mancc- of it.

Ringo Starr seems to think along the
same lines. The cx-Beatlc drummer refused
to play on any Beatlc remakes. Paul 0(-
plainr'd in a rcccnt interview, "We were
going to do My Iudc and Ringo said he
didn't want to... He explained to me,
’Look. I'll do all the new stuff but I don’t
want to try .rnd recreate my performance
on the lioatlc songs’. and l think maybe the
reason was in case he didn't get it any
better.”

Paul says the reason he didn't use the
original Beatle recordings was because he
wanted to do live performance in the
movie. “i couldn't very well turn up at .1
recording studio, sit down and mime to the
old vcrsion of Yesterday. There's no point
in just turning on a tape,” he remarked.

Actually, the remakes aren't bad. Yester-
day and a lyrically revised Here, There and
Evorywlwrc suffer from excessive revcrb

A View From The Aisle

H151 u awryinvertermnw’unltumptm .,. » r .. . ..

meets   lit

 

 

' T

  

 

"iii
features a pop star on a busy schedule.
Really, this is the basic scenario for the
filrnt

At the beginning of Broad Street, Paul
McCartney (played by Paul McCartney)
flips on the computer built into his car's
dashboard. The screen displays Paul's
schedule for the day... 10:30 a.m. -— Recor-
ding Studio, 12:30 pm. ~ Filming, 2:00
p.111. d Rehearsal. 3:30 pm. — Interview,
etc. This is not only the day's schedule. it's
practically the script for the movie! Mcv
Cartney goes from recording studio to film
studio to rehearsal hall, without a storyline
tying anything together.

When Paul announced his plans for this
movie in I982. he said it was going to con-
cern itself with a typical day in the life of
Paul McCartney. This premise seemed in-
leresting, but one did expect it would in-

 

volve more than just a camera following

   

An

Paul around on a busy day, capturing his
interaction with people you're not even irr-
troduced to, many of whom scum for a sc~
cond to be major characters and then sud-
denly disappear.

Don't get me wrong. There's supposed
to be a plot in Broad Street; it's just never
developed. The alleged storyline involves
the disappearance of the master tapes for
an album Paul has just completed.
Evcybody suspects Harry Tor'rington, an
cx-convicl whom Paul befriended and of-
fered employment to, as long as he stayed
straight. Harry was supposed to deliver the
tapes to McCartney's office, but lie-and the
tapes are nowhere to be found. if the tapes
are not delivered by midnight, a mean
businessman will get to take over McCart-
ney's production company.

 

As far as Broad Street's acting is conccrn-

No More Lonely

 

and a McCartney vocal that shakes much
more than it used to, but they work. A
jazzed-up Long and Winding Road sounds
even better than the overly-produced

original version, although Good Day Sun»
shine and For No One are rushed through
and lack the feeling conveyed in their

 

 

Beatle rendidtion. Wings' Silly Love Songs.
featuring Toto guitarist Steve Lukather and
the electrifying bass of t ouis Johnson

sounds fine and there's an at Iing version
of Tug of War's Ballroom Dancing on the
soundtrack. This song, to which Paul adds
another verse, features cx-Led Zeppelin
bassist John Paul Jones, Ringo and former

  
   

 

OffDay. . 

 

 

ed, McCartney is mediocre at best. He is
unemotional in his delivery and you neVer
really forget that you're watching Paul MC-
Cartney act in a movie. He's not the worst
actor in the world, though. and a decent
script might have helped imn'iensely. How
well can even Sir Lawrence Olivier come
off uttering, as Paul did to Harry when of-

fering him a job, "if you're fibbing and you I

do one thing wrong, you’re out."

The rest of the cast. including Ringo
Starr, his wife Barbara Bach, McCartney's.
wife Linda, Bryan Brown. lan Hastings and
the late sir Ralph Richardson, aren't amal-
ing, either. But how can you criticize the
cast or director Peter Webb, when these
people had nothing to work with?

The script is a joke, and not a funny one
at that. l'm not kidding when I say at least
half of Broad Street‘s dialogue could be
classified into one of two distinct groups of
rcpilious communication, The first is the
communication within McCartney's en-
tourage of managers, lawyers, and
associates. This consists of hundreds of
variations on the question, “You don't
think Harry would do a thing like that, do
you?" The second form of communication
ocrur's lrctwccn McCartney and people
outside his entourage. Similarly, Ihc ques-
tion here is, "Have you seen my old male
Harry around lately?" Then, like
clockwork, after one of these two forms of
dialogue lach place: never leading
anywhere, Paul, who is conveniently
always in a musical setting, will oblivioust
launch into song. He will say, "OK then,
let's do a number.” When the song finishes.
he will say, “That was good." I couldn't
count how many times this pattern
rcpcatcd itself. it was like Chinese movie
torture!

liven singer ’l‘raccy Ulrnann, who hap-
pens to be a good actress (in England, she's
a regular on a BBC sitcom), i5 stifled by the
script. The scene where Harry's girlfriend
Sandra (played by Ulmann) tells Paul.
while l’lyslerically crying. that she doesn't
believe Harry could do such a thing, is
pathetic. Because of the unbelievability of
the acting and the lack of .1 storyline up to
this point, Sandra's sobbing is so obviously
Ulmann's acting that it wouldn't have
seemed unnatural for director Webb to
have walked in during the sequence and
yelled, "Cut, Tracey. That's a rapt“

Since music plays such an integral role in
the movie, a review of the soundtrack is
also in order...

Nights

Rockpilians Dave Edrnunds and Chris
Spcdding. Fdnnrnds' solo is the hardest-
rocking Nt'\'t‘lilt‘(‘ll seconds on a McCart-
ncy Mung sinnc llc/tcr Skt'llor. So Bad,
which .rppcar's in the film and on the
iasscltc, but not on the record, sounds just
like it docs on I'ipcs of Peace. so nobocly's
missing out.

There are only three new songs on the
Broad Street soundtrack, but they're all
good. Not Such a Bad Boy, again featuring
the raunchy guitar riffs of Edmunds and
Spedding, is McCartney's first real rock
song since 1979's Back to the Egg album.
No Values is also upbeat but a little less
musically and lyrically exciting. No [Wore
Lonely Nights, which features the un-
mislakable guitar of Pink Floyd’s David
Gilmour, is a great pop song, but a horrify-
ing disco version at the end of both the
movie and the soundtrack album almost
ruins it. ‘

Actually, Broad Street would have made
a great music video. The music is good,
and the simple idea of a trusted employee
disappearing with the master tapes for an
album would work great in a three'minute
context. The climax of the featured song
could coincide 'with the star finding his
employee locked in a subway station. Give
My Regards to Broad Street is forty times
longer than it should be. Do not see this
movie. D

i.
it
. is
h
9.

 

WWW " mac... w..- .. . .  . ’

v

 

