 

 

 

‘ 10,3La41vrsruocivrpkess u SUMMER 1984-  _' - _ ' g , _. 1 ' 
county alias ways to make ' ’ ‘ ' 5‘1"“ '3 “""”’”‘?‘?’.”if“”. :11 

rootn‘fo'r new civic center ‘.

By David L.L. Laskin

MA NA cnva corms .

Albany County is exploring the
possibility of demolishing several
buildings downtown to clear space
for a proposed civic center site near
the Empire State Plaza.

Controversy has surrounded
sevaral civic center proposals since
early this «year when Colonic
developer Joseph Futia unveiled his
plan for the complex. Since then,
bids have appeared from Albany,
Latham, Rensselaer and a-host of
other locations.

One ofthe first and most in depth
proposals came in late January
from SUNYA President Vincent
O’Leary. His plan outlined a civic
center-fieldhousc complex to be
built across from campus on Fuller
Road and Washington avenue, and
ﬁnanced jointly by the city, county
and state.

The spotlight has shifted from
SUNYA, however, in recent mon-
ths. The State Urban Development
Corporation is currently studying
six possible sites in Albany,
Schenectady and Renssclacr coun-
ties.

Rig-EA $98,000 private report has also

been commissioned to study two
sites in downtown Albany, in” an ef-
fort to determine the optimum loca-
tion for a civic center in the city.
The group should release its fin-
dings in July, according to Albany
Mayor Thomas A. Whalen ill.

One site. known as the B site,
proposed by developer Nathan
Smith, is located east of the Empire
State Plaza and north of its main
entrance road. The area had been
previously passed over because it
was considered to be too small.
Several buildings on Grand and
Beaver. streets could be cleared,
however, to enlarge the area to 3.5
acres, the size planners are seeking
for the civic center.

The other site being studied,
usually called the A site. is east of
the Empire plaza, but south of the
entrance road. This site has been
favored in the past, but now plan-

CLASSIFIED"     J  -

'cusst'rten ADVERTISING
POLICY

_ Deadlines:

Tuesday at 3 PM for Friday
Friday at 3 PM for Tuesday

Rates:
31.50 tor the iirst to words
to cents each additional word
Any bold word Is to cents extra
$2.00 extra for a box
minimum charge ls 31.50

Classified ads are being accepted In the SA Contact Olllce during
regular business hours. Class/lied advert/sing must be paid in cash at
the time of Insertion. No checks will be accepted. Min/mum charge for

billing ls $25.00 per Issue.

No ads will be printed without a full name, address orphans number
on the Advertising form. Credit may be extended, but NO refunds will
be given. Editorial policy will not permit ads to be printed which con-
tain blatant profanity or those that are In poor taste. We reserve the
right to rs/ect any material deemed unsuitable for publication.

It you have-any , or,

. (u u. aAdvel.

tlslng, please feel free to cell or stop by the Business Office.

 

ners and officials are n. iy
undecided as to which will be the
preferred site.

Whalen said that if the county

submits a proposal for the 8 site, '

“we'll support it wholeheartedly."
He explained that “it would bring
(the civic center) adjacent to

_ downtown." The 8 site is within a

few minutes walk from the plaza
and the center of downtown. The
A site is cutoff from downtown by
the plaza entrance road and the va-
cant land next to it.

' ment? Get

FOR SALE

ll It True You Can Buy Jog” For
:44 Through The 0.5. overn-
he Facts T? Iy

l Call
1-312-142-1142 Ix 4253

JOBS

NEED CA H?
500 plus each school year..

Earn S .
2-4 (flexible) hours per week plao-u ‘

lng and iillln posters on campus.
Serious wor ers only: we give

Wanted For Registration and Fall
erm-

” " 4 Individuals to handle
marketing and delivery of USA To-
day newspaper on campus. Pro-
fits for the right person. Monday
Ithrough Friday dellve only. In-
terested parties shoud contact
Circulation ManagerSteve Den-

more at 584-4242.

$360Weekly/Up Mallin Circulars!
No bosses/quotasl
.terested rush. self-addressed.
Lstamped envelope: Dlvlslon Head-
aluarters, Box C
oodstock, IL 60096

S ncersly ln-

S1500/MONTH POSITIONS with
expanding Nationwide company.
ush ong sell-addressed

'stsm ed enveto e to: DBI'
‘ p p Hill. Nil

P.O.Box 453; Richmond
1 1 4 1 9
EARN MONEY

PertiFullTlme
$106.80 Dally earnings working at
home. Your earnings tully
guaranteed In writing. No Ex-
perience. All Ages. For complete
details and application pleases
send a stamped, salt-addressed
envelope to:
Financial Adviser Services

Inc. Box 7585
Flushing NY 11352

HOUSING

Charming, Potter H- ow, Three
BR. furnished retreat. Spectacular
view of the Catskills on 2 1/2
acr our own pond, tlreplace.
porch, lbachl etc.

-Avallable Aug-Sept. 7 with ossi-

ble option to rent orsklwee ends
- min

2
Please

Glnla's
HAIR TODAY

v Unisex Salon
108 Quail Street, Alban

For appointment. phone 44 5771

ISTUDENTSI
Term Papers
Manuscripts

. to Wlndam.
call 212-638-8278 - leave-
and number. 1

SERVICES

If you Would like to:

-lncrease school spirit

--.Me_et many new people
-Plan University activities‘tand programs  W ,-
-Dabble in student politics . i' '4 '
-l.obby the New York State Legislature ﬂ“

9 ‘WHERE THE ACTION [Si

tu-

-Join one of. our 73 funded groups. . .

 

. . . recommendations. Call now for
Another factor In the erowms m- : summersnext fall. 1-wo24see79
terest in the B site has been the sup-
port of residents in the
neighborhood. They have argued
that a civic center at the A site
would leom over, and ruin, their.-
neighborhood. The B site, located
in the heart of Albany's commercial
district, should not pose this pro-
blem.

With the release of the two
studies by the end of July, the
possibility of a civic center in the
capital district should move one
step closer to realization. I I

Just call us? 457-8087 or drop by? Mon-Fri 10-3; -
We’d love to hear from you- Pick up the phone now!

 

I CINDY GALAWAV UPS
V Thomas Whalen Ill.

jNow’s your chance to join one of the most exciting-
(and prestigious University;service organizations-

THE DON’T WALK ALONE
ESCOR T SER VICE

we are looking for 100-200 friendly, outgoing, socially concerned
and aware students. The In teams of two, (one male and one female),
the escort service accompanies students who must walk around the

Campus at night. Escorters are dispatched fromlvariOus areas areas

[around campus, and are on call for only a few hours each week. (1 Or 2).
This isa great opportunity to meet people and and-make this campus
mpreof a community! All eligible receive 3 DON’T WALK  i ,
jacket and ID. card- 1 A

Wray elected to head SASU

<5

who have interests in South Africa because of that country's alleged racist ‘
policies. in addition, SASU is compiling a list of entertainers who have
performed in that country.

THIS IS THE ONLY-ISSUE OF
A THE ASP THIS SUMMER. SEE
YOU iN' SEPTEMBER.

SASU isalso working on the New York State Equal Rights Amend-
ment, which the State Senate recently decided not to act on this year,
women safety task forces at member universities, and of course, tuition
hikes and dorm fees.

. Again, Wray said, students must turn out to vote in order to back up
SASU's efforts. “if students voted, the governor and legislature wouldn't
,be so apt to raise tuition," she said, “it all comes down to voting."

Wray, who attends SUNY Oswego, was elected to her SASU position

earlier this spring. Other new officers are: Brockport student Stu Fried-

. man, executive vice president; Plattsburgh student Tom Swan, vice presi-
dent for campus officers; and Stony Brook student Andrew Chien, vice
president for community colleges.

This year, SASU has an operating budget of $250,000, which Wray said,
is “not nearly enough." She explained that each member university pays
33 for each student on its campus. Currently, there are l50,000 students
in the New York organization.

Wray said she ﬁrst got involved in the organization through the SASU
Womens' Caucus at Oswego, Working on issues such as the Womens'
Caucus or the Third World Caucus is one way for students to become ac-
tive in SASU.

Another way. she said, is to be elected a SASU delegate. For every
3,500 students at a member university, one delegate to SASU can be
elected. Then delegates may run for a director's position of SASU.

This year, SUNYA's SASU representatives are Nathaniel Charny and
Steve Gawley.

SUNYA's Student Association Vice President Suzy Aulctta, who was a
SASU community service intern a year ago, hopes more students will get
involved in the organization. ’

“i think SASU is a great organization," Auletta said. “They're the
way we get involved. They're the link."

For example, Auietta pointed to SASU's successful efforts in such
issues as the defeat of the state-wide 21 drinking age, the restoration of
cut SUNY faculty positions, and the fight against tuition hikes.

New York's SASU, which works with other state SASUs, is the coun-
try’s largest Independent statewide student organization. It represents the
SUNY students to the state legislature, governor's ofﬁce and the SUNY
system administration. SASU’s president also serves as the president of
the SUNY Student Assembly and is a voting member of the SUNY Board
of Trustees. D

 

 

The area '3 journal of interna-
tional affairs and opinion will
be publishing a summer Issue
the. first week of July. Monthly
publication will resume in
September.

COMITY is looking for people
interested in
' Editorial

Business

Production

Anyone interested should con-
tact Brlan Jacobs 463-8534 or . ' .
Wayne Peereboom 434-8297 All interested must apply, be screened, and receive training. Call-wk 5457. 8087i;-

'- - , ' ' ; SSA FUNDED:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

