  

 

, ,ma.

“firms._~wam~:~ r.

l
t
t

 

ft 5

  

~  ., __..__... ‘ _, ..

 

 

  

 
 
 

 ys‘rumrvr mass. El .-FRIDA Y, (screenings; 1954.

 

 

SPORTS BRIEF I

. - tiﬁcial turf. The Dutchmen went on to

Tailgate par'y the national Division III .finals at the
- Amos Alonzo Stagg Bowl where they
The Alumni Association will sponsor came up short in their bid for the Na-

transportation to Saturday's football tlonal Championship. »

game against Hofstra. This season, the Schenectady school is
In addition. the van will be at Hofstra ranked number two in the nation with

at “:30 a.m.. three hours before an undefeated record. They were

kickoff time for a tailgate party. Those favored by Sports Illustrated in the pre-

invited have been young alumni from season to take the National

the New York City area and Long Island Championship. '

as well as the parents of the players on v
Upcoming events

Albany’s football team.
Anyone interested in transportation .
The Albany State football team
should call Robin Johnson at the Alum- travels downstate to Long Island to

 9"“‘fm'B-OARD; 7
7 Plasmas...“ '
- . THE, ’
HALLOWEEN
_ PARTY l!-

soc. corner 9 m... 2 Elana

or participating in the tailgate party

ni House. , meet up with fifth-ranked Hofstra...The
‘ men's soccer team will host the Univer-
Rivalry renewed sity Center Championships tomorrow

and Sunday. The booters will take on
The Albany State-Union. College Binghamton at l:00 on Saturday. while
football rivalry has been renewed, but Stony Brook will face Buffalo at
not until 1988. . v ' Il:00...The men harriers, fresh off cap-
The Danes and Dutchmen will once turing the SUNYAC crown, will host
again meet on the gridiron for a four the 20«team Albany lnvitational...The

Indian U-Lounge
' I . year series starting in 1988. the two women harriers will be host teams at the
a     schools have announced. ‘ Albany lnvitational...The women’s

‘ V Director of Athletics Bill Moore of volleyball team will travel to Bingham-
 ‘3 Albany and Dick Sakala of Union sign- ton for the Binghamton Invitational this

~ 2 ed a contract under which Albany State weekend.
, visits Union on October I, 1988. The

.52 with tax sticker

' O

.54 rwsth-osst tax sticker

  

Danes will then host the contest in I989  playOffS

and l99l while Union will host the 1990

game. The Tailgunners will face Rolling
The initial three year contract ran out Thunder in the finals Saturday at 2 pm.

last year with tile Dutchmen taking two Rolling Thunder defeated The Madmen

out of the three games. _ yesterday 4-2 to advance to the finals.
The first meeting came in |98I with

Union edging the nationally-ranked The Tailgunners exploded for four

Danes. 10-7. A year later, Albany gain- runs in the bottom of the fifth inning la

ed revenge with a 15-7 victory. Last lead theTn'to a 7-5 victory over Waste

season, the Dutchmen whipped the Product Consumption in the AMIA

 

‘Dancs 24-7, on Union’s rain-soaked ar- LeagucilB send-finals.

Danes to play at Hofstra

< Back Page

 

 

 

so canoe.

 

 

 

 

V todays’ issues. Bring your questions.

 

D “ ' tackle George Iaccobaccio Fullback Dave Soldini, who was selected
will not be able to play because of an ankle to the ECAC Honor Roll because of his
injury. John Redmond will be at less than 209 yard effort in last week’s Norwich
full capacity; both of his hands are ban- loss, will be another key factor to the of-
daged and according to Ford, he has dif- fense’s success. '
ficulty grabbing. , “I looked at the films and Soldini was

0n the offense. freshman quarterback just unbelievable,” said Ford. “In 8
Jeff Russell sufferedasevere bruise on his wishbone, the fullback is so key in
side. He skipped two practices this week. establishing" the inside running game.”
but Russell says he will be ready by game For a Dane's upset, their season long
time. fumble-itis disease must be cured. They

Russell will be facing a blitzing Hofstra have fumbled the ball 32 times with 20 of
defense that has been very stingy giving up those; resulting in turnovers. Meanwhile,
points all year. their opponents have coughed the ball up

“They're an aggressive, gambling type 28 times, with Albany recovering only
of defense,” said Coach Ford. “They seven of them.
come after you. ldon’t think they're better “we’ve been working hard all week on
than the Southern Connecticut defense. recovering fumbles," said Running Back
Jeez, when we played Southern I thought Coach Chuck Priore. “The key is to
the field was five yards wide." sacriﬁce the body and go all out for the

How effective the Danes offehse moves ball."
the ball tomorrow. will rely heavily on how PAWPRINTS: Hofstra” is just 18 points
well the offensive line handles the Hofstra short of its single season scoring mark of
stunting. 293 points...Last season, Hofstra beat the

“This year we’re more experienced on Danes 203. The score however. was 7-3
handling the blitzing." said offensive with minutes to go before Albany collaps-
lineman John “Sawman” Sawchuck. ed...Barry Geffner and Phil Lewis will be
“Last year when we played them we doing the game live for WCDB starting at
weren't able to pick up the stunting." 1:30 pm. Cl

MONDALE

(Represented by former Congressmen .Pattlson, '
Democrat)

VS .
HEAGAN

(Represented by Assemblyman Hoblock.
~ Republican)

THE DEBA TE

géftrchMEs TO ALBANY

'.

 llﬂnd out the candidates’ views on The Great Dan” “av” dOWn§tate to

meet Hofstra tomorrow. Catch the pre-

_ game Albany State tailgate party in the
‘jMONDAY, OCT. 29, 7:30

- Hofstra arkin I . I ’
Campus center — Assembly Hall 9 9 °t f V0." '9 not at the

g game, listen to Barry and Phil bring you
3331?:52312; as!" V. the action on WCDB.

U fume tyrrsrsrarsrxactt risque. tyc._ , .85. Funded.

 

 

 

V; FRIDAY. OCTOBER 26, 1984 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

  

Men boOters lose to RH for ninth loss offyear  

By Dean Chang
assocm rs SPDR 1s EDITOR

There aren't any excuses left
for Albany State's men’s soccer
team to use after Wednesday's 2-0
defeat to RPI. The Danes have
made the transformation from an
inconsistent team to a downright
losing team.
' RPI and Vassar (last Satur-
day's opponent) are teams that
Albany should beat if talent were
the barometer of victory. Unfor-
tunately, effort plays a larger role
in winning games. The only few
times that Albany exerts some ef-
fort is when-they play superior
opponents, such as Oneonta,
Union or Binghamton. But that
doesn’t make a winning team. as
the Danes' 3-9-2 record indicates.

Injuries. inexperience, bad calls
and even bad luck have been
given as reasons for Albany’s los~
ing season. The first two are
reasonable explanations for some
of Albany's losses. But Albany
Head Coach Bill Schieffelin dis-
counts the last theory.

“You can only have bad luck
for so long." said Schieffelin.
“Good teams tend to get lucky by

 

call," said Nesaj. . “We just
played bad. They outhustled us
and wanted the ball more than we
did. We’ve never lost because the
other team was better. except for
Oneonta. It's always because we
don't try hard enough."

Nezaj feels that a team that
relies on effort rather than ability
is a team that will win most of its.
games. ‘4

“A lot of times. the players can

' get by on natural ability without
as much effort." said Neuj.”
“They'll watch the other team
warm up and they can tell that
they’re not as good as they are. lfs
we think that we have to play
harder. I think we'll score alot
more goals."

In the second half, the
Engineers scored both their goals.
Jeff Barr scored l:40 into the
period and Carlos Alfaro scored
l5 minutes later to account for
the 20 score.

This weekend the Danes will
host the University Center Cham-
pionships. Buffalo will face Stony
Brook at “:00 on Saturday and

. Albany will play Binghamton at
WW!" “P9 l:00. The Colonials defeated the

mains pressure on and playing Paco Duarte attempts to steal the ball away from his opponent as Tihan Presbie looks on. Albany Dan“, 3.0. “me, in the m",

aggressively. We're grabbing for
straws if we're looking for good breath as first

luck. American earlier in the year. In not enough."
“We were unlucky against Albany’s last four games though, '

hosts the University Center championships thla weaken ‘
team, All- “Tihan shows ﬂashes, but that's negated by a fool. As RPl’s sion, the Albany mocha Ill
goalkeeper
That's not to say that all the leaped to punch the ball out of

For Albany to reverse that decl-

Robert Rutkowski have to do something drum;

Vassar but we only scored one the dynamic duo have scored players aren't playing well. the penalty area. Albany's Lane “We're going to juﬂ '
Schieffelin . singled out Warren stood near him. Rutkowski miss- starting line-up and look fat

goal," continued Schieffelin. zilch.
“Against that caliber of team, we

“If Jerry and Tihan play Manners, Michael Jasmin, Carl ed the ball and fell to the ground; aggressive combination."

should be creating our own op- together, things should happen," loos and newcomer Kenny Lane for his efforts, a foul was called. Schieffelin. “Some of our

portunities. We should be saying said Schieffelin. “lthink they feel as worthy of praise. He called

“If there’s trafﬁc. bodies are established starters are think“

that we scored a few goals and pressured to score and they're Scott Cohen the most consistent going to collide." said Assistant that playing is more impom
that we could have scored more if playing too much one-on-one in- player on the team. Five players Coach Afrim Nezaj. “But when than doing well. I’m going to

we’re lucky. The only excuse we dividual play as a result. Not do not a team make.
have is that our play isn’t good.” cnouglt teamwork is creating a

The formerly offensive-minded problem."
Danes have found themselves in

“When you can only pick out protect

five players. it shows that ob- touched

the goalie fails, a foul is called to have to dispel that notion.”
goalie. No one even
him. Kenny just problem against Binghamton. as

Players like Isaacs. Presbie and viously something’s not there.'-’ challenged for the ball, and the the Danes seldom have trouble

A lack of effort shouldn't be a

the midst of a scoring drought. captain Jeff Hackett are supposed said Schieffelin. “There was in- goalie went for it and fell. The getting up for good teams.

Only one goal has been prodttccd to lead the team by exemplary dividual play that was pretty refcrcc just assumed he was
in the past two games, and that play. and not by bad example.
“When Jeff and Jerry are out two shades above pathetic."
there now. either you don't notice
Jerry Isaacs and Tihan Presbic them or you notice them doing in the first half when Paco Duarte course of the game.
were mentioned in the same something had," said Schieffelin. put in a loose ball, only to ahve it

one was the result of a gross inef-
ficiency by Vassar‘s goalkeeper.

good. but overall we were only fouled.”

Albany's
The Danes almost got on board that the bad call didn't change the nothing to gain because we're a‘

”If we don't play hard, we'll
lose," said Nezaj. “I hope that
coach emphasized we don't think that we have

3-9 team. I would hate to be on a"
D

“We didn't lose because of that 3-9 team."

Dane netmen look back on successful season

By Kristine Sauer
\1 UL ll'RII'I:R

With an 8~l loss to West Point to start the season.
things were not looking too good for the Albany men‘s
tennis team. This period was brief, but not brief enough
for them to bc predicted not to take a si\t|t straight
SUNYAC championship. With SUNYAC (‘oach of the
Year liob Lewis leading the way. Albany proved the
predictors wrong. as they didn't take hard work, titne and
improvement into accottnt.

The Danes put that first loss to Artny behind them and
won their next seven straight dual matches.

Lewis said. "West Point is a traditionally strong team.
They start playing in the summer and have more matches
under their belt when we play."

The team had no overwhelming or outstanding players.
Different members catnc through at different times.

Said Mark Sanders, “We had the feeling we were a
really good team. but we never had tltc chance to show it.
There was never a point where we all ltad it together at tile
same time. until the SUNYACs, where we all matured at
the same time."

Finishing the season with a sixth straight SUNYAC
championship and a 7-2 record. Lewis felt that the tenth
accomplished much more titan he had expected. The team
also took first place in the RBI tournament and a strong
third in the ECAC, finishing ahead of strong teams like
the University of Vermont. Tufts and the University of
Rhode Island.

"We spent a lot of time on doubles and it came through
for us." said Lewis, referring to both the RPl and
SUNYAC tournaments in which doubles play was key.
“It has convinced me more than ever that we have to
Spend time on doubles."

This is Lewis' l4th year coaching the Danes. He has a
.720 winning percentage with an overall record of I44
Wins and 56 losses. in that span the Danes have taken
ciBht SUNYAC championships. and have never finished

lower than third otherwise.

This is Lewis' second coach of the year award. in i‘)8l
Lewis was named the first SUNYAC coach of the year.
Only being eligible once every three years. Lewis made it
two for two. voted in by the SUNYAC coaches.

“On behalf ol~ myself and the team I'd like to say we
are really happy for him and that he really deserves it,"
said tcatn captain Jay Eiscnbcrg.

Being very active in tennis, Lewis instituted the Grcat
Dane Classic. which is one of tltc best tournaments in the
East. In May of l983 the NCAA Division III tournament
was hosted by Albany as well as three ECAC tour-
namcnts. “Having been active in hosting tennis here in
Albany has brought some really great tennis." said
Lewis.

Lewis also teaches tennis classes for SUNYA and works
at a country club in the summer.

1 think he brought out a positive attitude on the team,"
said Eisenbcrg. “There was a winning attitude on the
wltole team this season. The practices were run very well
this year."

Eiscnbcrg continued. “He’s always been honest with
us. He let‘s us know what he expected and when he's
disappointed and he'll tell us when he's proud of us. I
respect hitn for that because I always know where I stand
with him."

Sanders, who has been on the team four years.
remembers the time when Lewis took an injured Sanders
out of the lineup.

“When I came back I was having trouble with my serve
and l was getting depressed. Lewis helped build my con-
fidence back up. He took time out on his own time and
worked with my serve. then I got my spot back. Everyone
on the team gets the feeling that he cares. He helps
everyone."

Lewis uses a lot of sayings to help the players.
“Sometimes when we lose our heads in a match he has lit-
tle sayings that keep your head where it should be." said

Mike Dcrmunsky.

Dcrntansky said, "I have a tendency to move my head-
around. called a head fake. The coach is constantly;
reminding me about my head fake. He’s always telling me'
to keep my eye on the ball." "

17>»?

......- “‘Ill\l-‘. .

. ..ttt|t.t|t‘k.‘.,.tttll'tttt‘t‘
t .l“|| Htttl
.ttl _

‘

 

   

  

 

 

 

i
l

.1 ‘59:...

     
   
   
    
      
       
      
   

  

