..~. a... . ... 

 

 

 

.~' #‘vrzksmes'n’n  pismnma-“ﬁriwwwm'ﬂ

 

.s‘

   

    

.\‘.

 

 
 

Photos
by
LUCKEY

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. AMIA
PRESENTS ANOTHER
SEASON 01-"

‘ BASKETBALL

********

 

  

"CAPTAIN’S- i '
i:   .
 OCTOBER 315:, 4:30 PM, LC 21 - ,

' $25. 00 ENTRY FEE:
PA YABLE' BY CASH OR MONEY
ORDERS ONL Y1!
NO PERSONAL CHECKS!

S/l /'i//lt/('t/

 

 

awash ﬁlbony State

Ice Hockey

“9" Tournament

sane

570/7027“

 

November 2 I I

November 3'

7 p.m.

p.m.

 

2 Free tickets with tax sticker.

Tickets

available in c.c.~ Lobby Wednes-

day to Friday

Free Busleclving Circle to

Championship (it 6
Saturday Hov. 

 

Lorry 7-4727
Drew 462-3567
Poul 7-5219

SA FUNDED

 

For More Information coll \.

p.m.

 \\\

 

 

 

 

  
 

    

 

 

LETTERS

Beat, ’grouper' law’

To the Editor:

I was recently in Albany and picked up an ASP. Let me
ﬁrst commend you on the professional look and style of
the paper. '

When i attended SUNYA (l976-l979) we heard a lot of
alk about the “grouper law." i can’t believe that this
rap is still around. Anyway. this was our method to get
round that law.

There (was) is an exclusion in the grouper law for
eligious organizations. So all any four students have to
o to beat the grouper law is to become a religious
rganization. Really!

For Si. there are at least three "churches" in Califor-
ia that will Send you a minister's license. To become a
'church" you need exactly four people! One minister.
ne treasure, — i don't remember the titles of the other
via. There are also a few other requirements such as a
eguiar meeting (once a month I think) but forming a
eiigious organization is easier than you think. However,
0 not try to use the church for tax purposes — the lRS
as very stringent requirements today.

On other matters — the more things change. the more
hey remain the same. Someone always dumps a box of
oap powder into the Campus Center fountain!

The escort service is a great idea.

—"Rev“ Mark Rudnick

Hard to please all

‘0 the Editor:

We are sick and tired of hearing and reading about how
‘disgraceful" the treatment of the Jewish population at
UNYA is. Did anyone ever think about the treatment of
he minority (which consists of all the other religious fac-
ions here at SUNYA)? Obviously not!

being Catholics. we were more than upset and annoyed

‘ o discover that the last day of our Spring Break was

aster Sunday, the most important day in the Catholic
eligion. Yes. classes didn't resume unitl 12:20 p.m. on
onday. However. who wants to wake up all 7 or 8 am.
0 drive or take a bus to Albany or return to Albany after

' aﬂspccts

Established In 1916
David L.L. Lalltln. Editor In Cilia!
Jerry Campinna. Managing Editor

 
    

News Editor ..
' Aalooillo News Editors..
ASPaeto Edllor..
Al

on Spelling

Marc Barman. Keith Mardor
nnnn Chang

. Edward Rolnos

 

' .. Edi
dltorlat In. a Editor.
Mtrlbullno Editors Doah stz. Mark Gosnar. Lian Mirabella, Patricia Mll-
hell. Wayne Psaraboom Llsa Strain. Editorial Assistants: Alicia Clrhbora.
lck Swanson, statt writs Tom Bergen. Chris Blomqulst. Michatio aushar.
Itil Carllno. Lostlo Cha . Johanna Clancy. Ian Clemente. Eotlu Dumbo.
alttlaon Errlp, Ron ald Brant Golston. Judy Goschwlnd. Bob Hanlou. Eric Hin-
In. Maddl Kun. John Parker. Christina Roiioll. .Ioo i'iomano, Kristina Sauor.
ichaol Skolnick. Perry Tlsehior. Mike Turkady. lions Wolnstnln. John
Ilmott Spoctrum and Events Editor. Rina Vouno Artist: Stova Bryson

 

    
   
  
    
  
  
 
  

   

Judy Torol. Business Manager
Lynn Sat-via. Associate Business Manager
Jane ttlnen. Advertising Manager '
Ilia ltrotrnor. Sales Manager

.................Randoo Banal

G-v Parass

Filmn snnhlﬂ

 catatsno

Ides: Do . man. Sue Klein. Stave Lult.

Y Nulsoatim. scott Rain. David willmolt. Manning Production: Elaine

odor. Teresa ciao-tone. Marc Nobannan. Maura Ksiiett. Eileen Kolhuull.

Iron Orton. Amy Plporny. Lynn Select. alts Yahyat. Olliea Stall: Christine
Dbl. Linda Delgado. Fran Lona-Io. Marjorie Flounthai

 

 

   

 

Man Kent. Production Manager
Jonnltor ttaydan. Assoc/ate Production Manager

"mutter  haymsn
Ila: Debora Adalmann. Tara ctltton. Erica D'Adan . Jeannine Dianuuo,
att Eveiand. Sara Fu. Lisa Glamorous. Maureen Mettuoh. Pam straubar.
low Adam 3. En ole. Patricia Cilannola. Foggy Kallnar. Stephan Rudoton.
:Warrsn Numltr. Richard Sheridan

my mm smiled by University Photo Service. a student

Inﬂation": Erica Spioual UPS aunt: Amy Cohen. Lynn Dlattus. Cindy
way. Adam Ginsberg. Kenny Kitsch. Robert Luekay. .too Schwondsr. Llll
mons. Robert soucy. Warren Stout. David Stilek

to contents copyright l0“ Albany ltudont Press Corporation. all rights

I 0 Albany student Pr a published Tuesdays and Fridaya between
tilt and June by the Albany Student Frau Corporation. an independent
iorvprollt corporation.

Ilorlals are written by tho Editor in Ohio! with members oi the Editorial
d: polio subject to review by lilo Editorial Board. Advertising policy
not nocaslarlty rottael editorial policy

 

 

 

"00 Washington Ave.
lbany. NY 12222
(510) 457-589215322l3389

 

 

 

midnight on Sunday? We did not. As a matter of fact. we
have the same dilemma this year.

Furthermore for all those devout Catholics who do not
eat meat on Friday. they basically do not have a choice if
they are not fond of the second UAS entre because one is
always meat.

We could go on about how some of us got home one
day before Christmas Eve and others on Christmas Eve
(another very important holiday). but we shall spare you
the gory details. Also. we are sure that other religious
peoples could go on about how they have gotten the bad
cttd of the deal.

Therefore. our advice to you “Poor Tinting" would be
to just be thankful that you are given a religious holiday.
With over iS.000 students in this University. it is hard to
please everyone and we believe they are doing a damn
good job.

—-l.isa lezzi
—Palrlcia McKeon
—Elizabeth Daniels

Night bus service

To the Editor:

i am very upset abut the SUNYA bus service that
operates of weekend nights during the early morning
hours. This past Saturday night about 2 AM over 200
students were stranded downtown. The reason for this
unfortunate incident was due to the school system for on-
ly supplying one bus enough to hold 60 students max-
imum. i find the school bus service a disgrace for only
allowing one bus per hear to pick up the students
downtown. Students depend on the buses to take them
back uptown safe from getting into drunk driving ac-
cidents. Students will unfortunately get into drunk driv-
ing accidents if the bus systcln does not start straightening
itself out. The bus service should start supplying more or
else the cxpctisc of students“ casualties will be lost due to
drunk driving accidents.

i urge many students to start getting Student Associa-
tion to get totlghcr with the bus service that we all cherish
and depend on. Enough is enough.

An Angry Stl.tlent

Educate the public

To The Editor:

As a college student who has come of age to vote i find
myself lacking some very important information.

Until recently politics turned the off. but my interest
has peaked because i now have a say. A vote should not
be taken its ullytlling. bill a very serious thing. For this
rcttson i want to know as mucll as possible.

i have never secna list of both the democratic and
republican platforms. Without seeing the two in a com-
parable chart or list. i feel i am not us informed as i now
could be. .

A list of both the party views and the candidate vicws
would lnake a much more educated voting public.

i would be grateful if some news source published such
a list before the election on November 6. '

Dance Marathon

To the Editor:

Telethon '85 would like to challenge all the organiza-
tions on campus to show tilier spirit and support by par-
ticipating in this years Dance Marathon. The annual 24
hour bash will take place in the Campus Center ballroom
beginning at 6:30 p.m. on Friday November 9th and en-
ding at 6:30 p.m. Saturday November 10th. Through
previous Dance Marathons this campus has shown us
what it‘s truly made of; fun loving people who are willing
to dance to help raise money for others. As in the past we
will be having a dorm. group. and individual competition
with prizes awarded to all three. Whether you dance.
pledge. or attend. your support is needed. There will be
plenty of good music. good friends. and good times for
all. We dare you to come on out and "twist and shout"
with the Telethon '85.

Marc ltreier

Neil Capuloago
Leslie Seaer
Operations co-chairs

Message fron ivbndale

To the Editor:

The upcoming election on November 6 will be the most
important election in your life. We currently have a Presl-
dcnt who has divided our nation into two Americas. one
for the well to do who aren't suffering and are doing bet-
ter all the time. and the other America for the rest who
are getting less and less.

Our commitment must be that every person. regardless
of income. should be able to attend college. We must
preserve basic grants and guaranteed student loans to in-
sure that talcnt. not wealth. is the test of admission to
higher education. Every American must have a chance to
go to college. obtain the skills needed tube a productive

citizen. and contribute to the greatness of this country.
This election is a referendum on the future. We are liv-
ing on borrowed money and borrowed time. The deﬁcits
we have today hike interest rates. clobber exports. stunt
investments, kill jobs. undermine gro‘wth. and cheat our
children. This callous indifference to our future must
stop! l have presented my plan to cut the deﬁcit. Mr.
Reagan is keeping his a secret until after the election.

As President. i will reassert American values. l‘ll press
for human rights in Central America and for the removal
of all foreign forces from the region. And in my ﬁrst one
hundred days. i will stop the illegal war in Nicaragua.

President Kennedy was right when he said. “We must
never negotiate out of fear. But we must never fear to
negotiate." For the sake of civilization. we must
negotiate a mutual. verifiable nuclear freeze before these
weapons destroy us all.

America is a future each generation must enlarge. a
door each generation must open. a promise each genera-
tion must keep. As students today. you deserve the full
potential of America in a world at peace.

—Walter F. Mondale

Stop pornography

To the Editor:

i would like to call upon the campus bookstore to stop
selling pornography. Boys are constantly hovering over
these magazines - ogling at them - making me feel ill at
case should i choose to look at magazines.

Since pornography portrays women in the same man-
ner as racist propaganda depicts Blacks and anti-Semitic
propaganda pictures .lews ~ and there would be quite an
uproar (and rightfully so) if either racist or anti-Semitic
literature were sold in Barnes and Noble - i fall to see why
anti-woman propaganda should be treated differently.

Although legitimized by its "intellectually" oriented
articles and interviews. Playboy and Penthouse advance
the cause of wotnan as sex object and displaces woman in-
to a position subordinate to men. This objectiﬁcation and
subordination reinforces the mentality of the misogynist
and leads to increased violence against women. Not only
has research indicated this (check out Feschbach and
Malatnuth. “Sex and Aggression: Proving the Link".
Psychology Today. November. 1978 or Donnerstein.
"Pornography and Violence Against Women: Experi-
ment Studies", Annals ofrhe N. Y. Academy ofScience.
l980). but countless wotnen can testify about all the acts
forced upon tllcm due to their partner's consumption of
pornography.

A further example is this one typical scenario which ap-
peared in Peril/louse. Oct. i98l. p.202: "...David and
John lllrncd me into that which i always wanted to be - a
sexy. loving whore who loves sex. and especially loves to
suck c--k." This anonymous forum article was obviously
WI ilten or severely edited by man; i mean. all women real-
ly want to be whores. right] What actually does this say
about women] What will men do with this
misinformation]

One needs only to look at any Playboy/Penthouse
centerfold to further understand this. The model is por-
trayed as totally feminine ~ weak, vulnerable.
masochistic. penetrable. controllable. dehumanized
(she's a pet or a bunny - not a human being) and ofcourse
totally submissive to the reader among other things. Pen-

thouse pimp Bob Guccione has clearly demonstrated his '

opinion of women by publishing those photos of Vanessa
Williams. His glee and smugness in violating her dignity
and personhood and in ruining her career indicates his
desire to have the same done to all women. Little dif-
ferentiates Ms. Williams from any other woman.
Moreover. his depredation of her essence was done as a
“public service" to his readers. What a clviemlnded
l'sUY-

Barnes and Noble. by being an agent of pornography.
is contributing to violence against women in the SUNY
community.

i would like to know how Barnes and Noble responds
to my challenge to cease its distribution of pornography
and involvement in violence against women. if a boy
needs to get pornography to help him fantasize and ac-
tuallze violating and annihilating women. at least let him
get it off the campus grounds.

This is not an issue of censorship or sexual repression
but rather an issue of women’s safety and dignity. On par
with shouting “Fire” in a theatre. all you First Ammend-
ment fans. PORNOORAPHY SCREAMS "RAPE
HER + "

Of course. rape must be stopped. And. since rape is to
be stopped. then pornography - the graphic depiction of
women in photos. films. “live sex shows". books, songs
et. at. including and/or resulting in humiliation. subor-
dination, violence of a sexual nature or otherwise. mutila-f
tion. objectiﬁcation. and other downright slander:
against women; also. the mentality behind sexual violence
- MUST BE STOPPED. And pornography must be atop-
ped now . ,

—Nante withheld by region

‘3'4- we;
s .

 

 

