 

 

 

 
    
   

  

.. wdw;h-H‘H¢~nr 

    

___

 

   
 

 

 

 

 
 

.- 

- r}  v.19 '\‘l‘l‘.:r;l_!\lx. any}, 11. I.
a. 4: - . - -v '

  

  

 

Gary Holway

By Keith Marder

SPORTS EDITOR

"Before I started my first season as coach." recalled Dick Sauers. "I
saw Gary Holway shooting around in the gym. I asked somebody
what the scoring record at the school was. When they told me. I
said ‘it's not going to be that for long.' And he broke it in his
sophomore year."

That was thirty years ago and Holway's 'record for scoring 1897
points in his Great Dane career still stands.

Holway was on Sauers' first varsity team and according to the
coach he helped give instant recognition to the basketball program
at Albany. .

"At that time. Siena was the big program in the area." said Sauers.
“Then all ofa sudden comparisons were being made between them
and us."

"He is without a doubt one of the two best basketball players to
play at Albany." said Dane Track Coach R. Keith Munsey about
Holway. "One thing for sure. he helped put Alba ny‘s basketball pro-
gram on the map with his prolific play and scoring."

Holway returned the compliment. "Although I had a lot of respect
for Meflin Hathaway \the coach before Sauers). Dick came In with
new ideas and ‘new enthusiasm‘."

Even Holway‘s peers recognized his importance to their school.
The Student Senate named March 7. 1959. Gary Holway Night to
honor him during the last game of his career.

The proclamation reads as follows:

To the Student Body:

WHEREAS. james Gary Holway is terminating an outstanding four
years of intercollegiate basketball play: and

WHEREAS. his play on the court has been of stellar quality.
resulting in his shattering of many court records; and

WHEREAS. his play throughout the four years has epitomized the
essence of American sportsmanship; and

WHEREAS. his endeavors. both on and off the court. have ex
emplified a high level of scholastic endeavor; and

WHEREAS. his efforts have been at much personal and family
sacrifice.

THEREFORE. as a small measure ofour respect and devotion. be it
hereby proclaimed that Saturday. March 7. 1959. shall be known as
GARY HOLWAY DAY.

THE STUDENT SENATE
Robert Helwig. President
Student Association

Holway's numbers speak for themselves. Of course his allvtime
Great Dane scoring title is quite impressive. Holway also averaged
24.9 points per game in the 1955-1956 season: this too is an Albany
State record.

But Holwa was more than just a great athlete. he was a family
man. He ha more responsibilities than the average college student.
Holway. fresh out of the Navy. had a wife (Elma) and two kids (Bet-
sy and Cherylyn) during his senior year.

"That was a two-edged sword." said Holway. “On one hand it
forced me to take academics seriously because I had the respon-
sibility of a wife and two daughters.

"On the other hand. I didn‘t really have the time to spend with
my family that I would have liked to have had. But. I must add. that
my wife was very supportive. She came to every game and brought
my daughters."

Holway realizes that the fact that he was older than most of the
players helped him gain his superior status.

During his four years in the Navy. Holway spent most of his time
in the Mediterranean on the aircraft carrier. the USS Midway.
7»

 

4mm STUDENT mass El rue bail,IQ9713435”?g mfg; .‘ . ._ ,

 

 

 

  

 

Edith. Cobane

It is a sad irony that the late Edith Cobane will not be able to
witness the opening of Albany State's Athletic Hall of Fame. After
all. if it weren't for Cobane. there might never have been a place to
house the newest edition to the University Gym.

Cobane. who passed away in 1980 after an eight-year bout with
cancer. arrived at Albany State in 1965 as Department Chair of
Women's Physical Education. Among a horde Vof other ‘ac-
complishments. she played an instrumental role in the construction
of the University Gym. which opened its doors in 1966.

"One night I'm going to that gym with a hammer and nail to chisel
her name on the bottom of the building.“ said Fran Moran. a long-
time friend and fellow graduate of Cortland in 1943.

Cobane has already had a part of the building dedicated to her;
there is a plaque hanging in honor of th former Albany State Gym-

. nastics Coach. It appropriately hangs on a hall in the gymnastics

wing on the second floor. This Saturday night, there will be another

honor bestowed on Cobane since her death - her official induction

into the Athletic Hall of Fame. ’

Cobane's successor and the incumbant Department Chair of Phys.
Education. Patricia Rogers. will serve as the speaker who officiallly
announces her induction. Cindy Cobane. Edith's niece. will be the
acceptor of the bestowal.

"She would‘ve been so'supportive of this Hall of Fame.“ said Cin-
dy. "She would've thought it was a great idea for the young
students to have something to aspire for."

Football coach and Assistant Athletic Director Bob Ford has only
fond memories of the late Cobane:"She was an excellent a -
ministrator and one of the finest women I've ever been associated
with." he said. "She was a fine human being who got tough when
she had to. She was the type of person with great strength and
everyone loved her dearly."

“Edie was an inspiration to everyone. who worked with her." said
Rogers. "Edie was my mentor and she brought me along. I am
honored to be able to give her award."

Cobane graduated from Cortland in 1943. procurred her Masters
in Phys. Ed. at St. Lawrence University. and acquired a Doctorate in
Eduction at Syracuse University in 1959.

At Cortland. she was elected to the scholastic honorary - Pi Lamb-
da Pheta - along with her friend Fran. ‘

While striving to obtain her Doctorate. Cobane coached the gym-
nastics and women's basketball team for Syracuse.

She left the school in 1965 to take the job of Department Chair of
Women's Phys. Ed. and was immediately named head-coach ofthe
women's gymnastic team. a post she held until two months before
her death In 1980.

7b

I I I I

 

>v‘r-Awn,.¢w~—.mu...................._.._.. .

lbany’s Ha ll of ‘

 

Merlin Hathaway was a man ahead of his time at a school that
had trouble keeping up with the times.

"we weren't progressive about athletics back then." said joe Gar-
cia. "Merlin W35 a dreamer - a man of vision. He used to look out of
his window. and think about ideas of his profession. We saw things
that he envisioned put into practice by other schools years later.“

Still. Without Hathaway. Albanyathletics would not be what it is
today. Dick Sauers. Hathaway's successor as the men's basketball
coach. called Hathaway "the pioneer of Albany athletics."
Hathaway's list of accomplislmientsat Albany speaks for itself.

He turned the athletic program around after his arrival in 1944.
watching Albany go from a threesport school into a 21-sport school.
Hathaway was one of the founders of the SUNY Athletic Conference
and was its first President. He also initiated the school's member-
ship in the ECAC. NAIA and the NCAA. As the Director of Athletics
for 22 years. Hathaway developed the University's Athletic Ad-
visory Board and established the liidding procedures used by the
SUNY athletic departments. He eve‘n was the driving force behind
the purchase of Camp DippikiII. He Was also the coach of the basket-
ball and baseball teams for several years. but as Sauers remembers
it. Hathaway's responsibilities didn’t end there.

"He was the basketball and base all coach. he was in charge of
the water and the equipment. he ra all the lockers and he also ran
the budget." said Sauers. “IIe hadlltoo many other things to do.
which is why I was hired as the vars'ity basketball coach and not as
the junior varsity coach." I
‘ When Hathaway came to Albanyﬂthere were only seven or eight
men in school that were interested sports, and only 20 men in the
entire student body. No one said it was going to be easy.

"The only way that our sports program could grow was ifyou pro-
ved there was interest." said I-Iatli‘ ay, reached by phone in his
home in Warrensburg. "Back Iheni ’ere were still town meetings to
discuss the budget. We had to do some begging for money."

Despite all his accomplishments. Hathaway doesn't see himself as
a pioneer.

"I just restarted things after the war." said Hathaway. “It's awful
nice of Dick to call me a pioneer. bit it was really all of us. Sports
were developed here through overwork on my part. and then on
me and joe when he came. When ick came. we all overworked.
They were all pretty hard working. damn good men.“

The establishment of the SUNY Athletic Conference was very im-
portant at the time to all the school involved. - .'

"After the war. schools had it difficult to reestablish athletic pro-
grams." said Hathaway. "We wanted to form a state committee
because of the problems With state purchasing of equipment, We
7»

 

   

  

Merlin Hathaway ) '

 

Gerald Amyot

By Marc Berman
SPORTS EDITOR

Gerald Amyot is the oldest of the five Albany State Hall of Fame
inductees. But don't tell him that.

At age 72. Amyot is currently employed in an occupation usually
reserved for those born after the first World War. Albany State's
former 1930's basketball and baseball star is still officiating area high
scholpl soccer and football games. working at least five games a
wee .

"I much prefer running up and down a soccer field than jogging."
joked Amyot. who obviously has cared much about his physical
health throughout his 72 years.

"Everyone keeps expecting him to retire." commented Times
Union sportswriter Matt Graves. "But he just nev'er does. He's
unbelievable."

Amyot. who is presently residing in Troy. is planning a retirement
soon. but he still is not certain of the date. He has already selected
where his retirement days will be spent — up north in thr pictures-
que Lake George region where his future house is being constructed.

It's been over 50 years since he first put on the Albany State pur-
ple and gold uniform. back in 1932. before Dick Sauers could walk.
In Amyot's freshman year. he was a member of the starting five for
the freshman basketball team while cracking the starting nine on
the varsity baseball squad.

In his sophomore year. he was elevated to the varsity basketball
squad and became the starting playmaking guard for Rutheford
Baker’s Great Danes. Known for his outside shot and his ability to
make the clutch pass. Amyot led the team in scoring and assists in
his three years. but he feels statistics from the 1930's should not be
compared to those of the modern era. -

"We once beat once beat Middleburgh. 58-53. and people thought
that was a high scoring game.“ recalled Amyot. "The game has
changed considerably. Defense used to be stressed so much more.
In my day. if you missed two straight shots. you'd be taken out".

His most memorable year on the Danes‘ basketball squad was
when he was a junior. The team compiled a 17-1 record. losing a
chane for an undefeated season in the final hame against Brooklyn.
Amyot can vividly recall the events that perhaps co'st the Danes the
game. He laughs about it now. but he still feels it was the most
disappointing loss of his Albany State career.

"We should never have been beaten by Brooklyn." said Amyot.
"A bunch ofguys stayed out all night long in New York City and just
couldn't hack it the next day."

Amyot was no holy saint himself. In fact, on the basketball court.
he was a hot-tempered individual which caused him a number of
7»

. . . i h
.v.._.,-. .v...»_r. a... my. raw-1.», u

 

 

 

 

Peter Telfer

Peter Telfer’s story is quite an amazing one.

Telfer originally enrolled in Cortland as a physical education ma-
jor. Then due to a pleural effusion. he was hospitalized for five mon-
ths. He was then told by doctors that he should never play com-
petitive sports again.

That prompted Telfer to transfer to Albany and limit his activities
to intramural sports. According to ice Garcia. who is now Albany's
scheduling director. Telfer was an outstanding softball pitcher. Dur-
ing the next year. Telfer's sophomore year. he played first team on
the varsity basketball team.

In his junior year. he was told not to play basketball again. He '

then became the assistant coach for Garcia's junior varsity squad.

In his junior year. Telfer was urged by Garcia. then the varsity soc-
cer coach. to try our for the varsity soccer squad.

Garcia told 'I'elfer to go to Dr. Rudolph Schmidt. the team physi-
cian. and tell him that he could play soccer if he played goalie.
which would not require any running. only reaction moves. Dr.
Schmidt gave Telfer the govahead.

So Telfer. who never played soccer before in his life. was all of a
sudden the Danes‘ starting goalie. How did Garcia know that Telfer
had the ability to be a goalie?

"lie was a big man on campus."said Garcia. “1 would always see
him on the athletic fields. You could tell by the way that he could
handle the ball that even though he was sick. this kid had it.
“Then I saw him dribbling a soccer ball and sent him to Dr. Schmidt
who told him that he could play."

Telfer did more than just play. In the 1951-1952 season. Albany's
first against tough competition. Telfer led them to a 33-1 record
with a 2.28 goals against average. The players on the team named
him the Most Valuable Player. 'I'elfer also grabbed All-New York
State honors in that season.

In the 1952-1953 season. Telfer's senior year. Albany compiled a
643 record and outscored their opponents. 23-16. Telfer's goals
against average that season plummeted to 1.55. In that season
Albany shutout three of their opponents. Queeris College. New
England and Geneseo while also holding Oswego to one goal. The

Danes went undefeated at home that season.

For his outstanding performances that season Telfer was named
to the third team All~American. The AllvAmerican team was then
selected by the opposing team's coaches and Telfer. in 1952. was

, Albany's first. He was also first team All-New York State.

"He definitely deserved to be an All-American." said Garcia. “He
had tremendous hands. he could smell the ball and he covered the
net nicely. He picked up the game of soccer very easily and learned
how to stop the angles."

Other than being a superb athlete. Telfer was also a very active
student. He was president of the National Honor Society for
Buisness. PI Omega Pi. Telfer was also the chairman ofMYSKANIA.
an honarary society for seniors who led in undergraduate affairs at
the university: class president in his junior year: director of student
guides and a member of student council for three years.

With a busy schedule like that. it was amazing that Telfer manag-
ed to graduate cum laude. With all of those accolades it was no
wonder that Telfer appeared in Who's Who in American Colleges
and Universities.

You wouldn't think that a busy person like Telfer would have
time to meet women. but he did.

“He had a good eye for the women too."said Garcia. "He married
Angie Kavanaugh who was the junior prom queen and the campus

ueen."

Telfer has four children ran ing in age from 20 to 27. Their names
are Kathleen. john. Peter antlgjulle. The family now resides in Rye.

.7»

 

    
     
      
   
   
    
    
    
    
   
    
     
   
   
  
     
     
    
   
  
  
    
   
  
     
   
  
    
   
  
    
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
    
 
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
   
 
 
  
  
 
  

 

 

     
    
   

 

  

 

