 

 

By Kristine Sauer
STAFF WINE]

For the sixth straight year the
Albany State men's tennis team
came away with the SUNYAC
championship. As usual it wasa
ﬁtting way for the Dane netmen
to finish their succesful fall
season.

Theirﬁnai season record was
7~2 along with a victory in the
RP! tournament, seventh place in

the Great Dane Classic and third

in the ECAC tournament.

in addition to the overall
SUNYAC team championship,
they captured ﬁrst and fourth

singles and second and third'
doubles championships. Still.,the -
SUNYAC tournament held in-'
Rochester was close with Albany,

just edging out' Binghamton in the
finals of double conmpetition.
Albany took first place scoring
20 points, followed by, stiff conf-
petition, from Binghamton with
ﬁve points and University of
Buffalo w‘th l5 - ints. In fourth

place was Oswego. scoring 8
points. Piattsburgh, Oneonta,
Buffalo State and Fredonia
followed. respectively.

in singles play, Dave Grossman
beat the University of Buffalo's
first singles player Ru'ss Trinjali
6-3, 6-0. Grossman was seeded se-

cond behind Tringali. Albany’s ”

coach Bob Lewis said,
“Grossman played a great match.
He was really ready for it."

At second singles Tom Schmitz
lost for the second year in a row

Ito.University of Buffalo's Ken

(.41...

 

White (ﬁrst seed), 6-2. 7-6 in the
finals.

Team captain Jay Eisenberg
said, “Dave played really well
and the number two guy was a lit-
tle too much for Tommy."

Binghamton's Rob Sauer took
Eisenberg 6-3. 3-6, 6-3 in third
singles finals play. Albany's Mike
Dermansky walked away with the
fourth singles championship by
defeating Binghamton’s Dave
Brooks 6-0. 6-0. Mark Sanders
dropped in the semiﬁnals to Gary
Meltzer of Binghamton 6-2, 5-7.
6-3 in ﬁfth singles competition.
At sixth singles, Dave Zobler suf-
feted a 6-2. 6-0 semiﬁnal loss to
Mark Birnbaum of Binghamton.

teams reachgpi the finals. Going
into the finals Albany was ahead
of Binghamton 18-171/2. They
were playing two matches against
Binghamton needing only one vic-
tory out of the two matches.
The clinching match came from
the third doubles team of Sanders
and Mitch Gerber. who ﬁnished
first. Sanders and Gerber

 

 

 

UPS
Second singles Torn Schmltz was defeated In the, finals of the
SUNYACs by University of Buffalo’s Russ Tringali. 6-3. 6-0.

By Marc Berman
SPORTS [EDITOR

For the second consecutive Satttrday. Albany
State's University Field was turned into an ugly bat-
tleground which left another college football team
completely devastated. This time. the Great Danes
were the victors of the battle. not the victims.

Bolstcrcd by a crunching defense which allowed
59 yards rushing. the Danc's invisible offense final-
ly surfaced, as the Purple Gang coasted to a 28-0
romp over the injury-ridden Cortland State Red
Dragons. The Dragons were without their All-
American running back,Dave Cook or their first
string quarterback Paul Grazioplane.

The triumph pulled the Danes back up to the, .500
iev‘el at 3-3, and left the‘ Homecoming day' crowd
of 2,324 all but forgetting about the previous
week’s 39-0 nightmare against Southern
Costnecticut. .. . ~ t . t

‘ We absolutely had to have this win," said Head
Coach Bob Ford. “We needed it and Jeff (Russell)
needed it badly."

Russell is naturally the Dane's freshman quarter-
back who has been called on to lead the Albany
State offense ever since Mike Milano went down for
the year in the opening game against ithaca. Russell
djdg’t look at all like a freshman on Saturday, Tak-
fn'g:advantage of excellent field position all game.
Ritsseli confidently engineered touchdown drives of
39‘, 46. 28 and 56'yards. while throwing his second
and third touchdown passes of his college career,
including a 56-yard strike to wide receiver John
Donnelly.

“Getting that early first touchdown really got

defeated Binghamton's Mclzcr
and Birnbaum 7-5, 6-3.

Lewis said. “They didn’t lose
their serve once and played tltc

my confidence up." said Russell, who hadn‘t been
able to move the learn into the endzone since the
Brockport game. “And the whole‘offensivc line did
a great job."

Unlike the past two weeks. the offensive line
dominated the line of scrimmage. Right Tackle
John Sawchuck and right guard Tom Jacobs did a
fantastic job paving the way for fullback Dave
Soidini. The junior fullback from Staten island ac-
cumulated 108 yards on 17 carries and scored the
Dane‘s first touchdown on a 17-yard dash.

“There's a big difference in‘size between Cor-
tland's defense and the defenses we'v‘e faced in the
past two weeks." said the hulking Sawchuck, who
stands at 6 feet and 240 pounds. "Plus in the last
two games we were read blocking the wrong people.
Today, we ran the veer well and everything came
together.”

in contrast. nothing came together for the
Dragon's offense. who were sorely missing their
Ail-American running back Cook, who still needs
just 75 yards to surpass the 3000-yard career
rushing mark. Cook has always been a Great Dane
nemesis, gaining over 100 yards in each of the three
games he's played against Albany State.

in a game last week against Brockport. Cook-and
the quarterback Graziopiane botlt suffered knee in-
juries. it was immediately announced that
Graziopiane would be out for the Albany State
game. but it wasn't until Wednesday when the
Dragon's coaching staff decided not to dress Cook
in Albany.

Coach Foid and the Danes didn't find out until

24>

All three of Albany's doubles.

OCTOBER 16. [984'

 

etmen win sixth straight SUNYAC

' UPS
Mike Dermansky was ousted in the samlllnals by Binghamton’s

Mark Birnbaum, 0-2. 6-0.

best they have~all year which is
great considering the pressure
they were under. it was a
remarkable performance. They
played really well."

After this victory, the
Eisenberg-Dcrmansky duo beat
Binghamton’s Brooks and Sauer
5-7. 6-3. 7-6, to add to the winn-
ing team score. Dermansky was
the only Dane to take both singles
and doubles championships.

Eisenberg said. “The singles
loss was a disappointment for me
but coming back and winning the
doubles was nice. in doubles, we
wanted to win but lost the first
set. We figured we‘d give it our all

and if we’re gonna go down. we
want to go down fighting."

“We had to win one of the two
against Binghamton, Said Lewis.
“it was ironic that our best
doubles team couldn't help us.
The (number one doubles) match
was meaningless". Consequent-
ly. in first doubles play.
Grossman and Schmitz fell to Tr-
ingaii and White of the University
of Buffalo 6-3. 6-1.

Zobler said, “it was a team ef-
fort as usuai. Nobody throughout
the year has had that great a
record. but as a team we cotne
through. The doubles got

27>

 

 

Danes clobber Dragons on Homecoming, 28-0

,E. NOISSUMM UPB

Dane'a luilbacit Dave Soidlnl gained 108 yards on 19 carries In

Albany's 20:0 victory.

VOLUME LXXI

New ruling threatens right

a,

; p  1’9, 

NUMBER 32

 

to vote in NYcollege towns

By Ilene Weinsteln
with Wire sen/tr reports

A Federal Judge ruicd Thurs-
day in Rochester that New York
State does not necessarily have to
allow college students to vote
where they attend school.

The decision by U.S. District
Judge Michael Telesca for the
Western district of New York
clashes with parts of a ruling last
week by U.S. District Judge Neal
McCurn of the Northern district
of New York.

Student leaders had regarded
McCurn's ruling as a final
guarantee of stttdcnts' rights to
vote in their college communities.

The issue has been ill the courts
since SUNYA's Student Associa-
tion filed suit in 1980, seeking the
right for students to vote in the
Albany area.

Student Association officials,
angered by this ruling, charged
Telesca with "playing party
politics" and trying to “usurp”
the recently won student power.

“This is a power play on the
part of the judge." said SA Presi-
dent Rich Scltaffer. adding, “1’”
more titan bet he is a
Republican." According to
Schaffer, the Republican party is
afraid that “if college students
vote. they will vote for the
Democrats.”

“They, at this point, realize the
affect we could have," agreed
Nathaniel Charny, a SUNYA
delegate to the Student Associa-
tion of the State University.
(SASU). He added. “it's abusrd
to think that students have no
right to be involved in community
politics."

According to Telesca. the
Monroe County Board of Elec-
tions can require college students
to attend a hearing to determine
their residency before allowing
them to vote locally. in his deci-

sion. Telesca equated college
students with “servicemen.
prisoners, seamen, and other
transients.” in that all have to
prove residency before they are
allowed to register to vote in a
particular area.

Tciesca also denied requests by
three students of Brockport State
for a preliminary injunction to
stop the board from making in-
quiries into students' residency.

"How can he say college
students fall into the same

category as servicemen. prisoners,
seamen, and other transients?"
asked Schaffcr. stressing that col-
lege students contribute a great
deal of econOmic value to their
college towns.

“Albany would lose an
estimated to billion dollars in
federal aid without-(the) college
students," who add to the Albany
population census, asserted
Schafl'cr.

Nathan Riley. a spokesman for
Attorney General Robert
Abrams. said he suspected the
wo college voting rights cases
would end up at the U.S. 2nd Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals in Manhat-
tan because of the conflict.

The different decisions by the
two federal judges leave college
students in the Northern district
of New York and students in the
Western district of New York
operating under different
registration rules.

Voter registration applications
from known campus addresses
will not be approved by the
Monroe County Board of Elec—
tions. unless the student goes to a
hearing to prove legal residency.
Otherwise, the students must
register in the districts where their
parents live.

At the hearing students will
have to prove that they live in the

16>

SA Supreme Court hearing Thursday night

LVNN DRIE

 

9A Vice President Suzy Aulelta may-bring up another resolution against ROTC

ROTC wins back tabling rights

SA Court votes 7-0 to overturn Central Council resolution

By Tom Bergen
's'TAI‘F WRITER

in a Student Association Supreme Court ruling
fltursday night ROTC won back its Campus Center
abling rights in a unanimous decision.

Supreme Court voted 7 - 0 to strike down as un-
constitutional the Ccntral Council resolution bann—
ing ROTC from soliciting in the Campus Center.

The rationale for Council‘s resolution was that
SA must make a stand against the army’s
“discriminatory policy" of not pcrtnitting gays and
lesbians to become commissioned officers. which
tnost students do upon completion of the ROTC
program.

The resolution. passed September 19 by Council
and upheld in another vote on October 3. said “SA
will not vparticipate in discriminating against
students on the basis of scxttal pcrfcrcncc by exten-
ling solicitation privileges to SUNYA's ROTC

program."

When told of the SA Supreme Court decrston,
SA Vice President Suzy Attlctta said, “i doh't agree
with the decision but there's nothing i can do about
it." Aulctta said that she may try to get another
resolution on ROTC passed by council.

Central Council member Steve Russo. who
represented the plaintiff in the case and voted
against Council's original resolution. said. “l’m
very happy that it was unanimous. i think basically
it was the constitutional issttc of violating freedom
of speech; if SA can deny freedom of expression to
ROTC they can deny it to any group they disagree
with."

SA President Rich Schaffer said, “l'm disap-
pointed. and although i support the rights of the
homosexuals. i think Steve (Russo) had the

16>

Job market is a letdown for some SUN YA grads

 

 

By Maddi Kun

Richard Udcwitz didn’t expect to be calculating the
risks and premiums for life insurance policies.

Udcwitz. a 1984 SUNYA graduate who majored in
Communication, and was a WCDB sportscaster for four
years, is now working at North American Reinsurance in
Manhattan. He describes his present job as “dull.”

“i looked on and off for a job in sportscasting but
there was a lot of competition. it didn't
matter‘ whether you had experience or
not." He cventttally landed a job in
September. "Almost every job in my field
that was listed in the New York Times Feature
needed someone who could type. Udcwitz
is now learning to type on his own. and hopes to land a
job in his field of interest. “l‘d move anywhere to be a
sportscaster." he added.

SUNYA grads report mixed experiences in the “real
world." With the possible exception of business. no tita-
jor scents to be a sure-fire formula for success after col-
lege. and some grads, like Udewitz. report that even ex-
perience doesn’t guarantee a job.

SUNYA graduate Patti Ann Glover. a 1984 RCO ma-
jor is now a Billing Advisor for a public relations firm.
Glover explained that she did not expect to be a Billing
Advisor, but she found it nearly impossible to get a job in
her desired field. which is advertising. “This is not what I
wanted to do but it would have taken me at least two

New

. ,,. _....,o....e.'..n..1ui

 

 

Patrick Torenzlni
Starling salary for grads close to $16,000.
years to even get into my field."

She acknowledged that her major has nothing to do
with her career. “A lot of my friends who have graduated
are not doing what they wanted to do. i think that
SUNYA didn't really prepare me for the real world. Most
of the courses 1 took were not practical courses, they were
theory courses." ‘

 

Glover advised those debating majors to head for
something business related. "because that‘s where the
money is."

Some graduates, though, report that they were able to
find the job they sought. I984 graduate Laurie Dorbon is
one example. Dorbon. an English major and Education
minor, sent resumes out to several schools on Long island
over the summer. “i was very lucky to get a job so quick-
ly. l was sure i would be substituting at first." she said.
Dorbon teaches reading and writing to seventh and eigth
graders at LaSalle Military Academy in Oakdalc, N.Y.

“SUNY really did not help me get my job but i think
the Education Department is very good and that helped
me get my job,“ Dorbon asserted.

“l'm very happy with my job,” Dorbon said, “but i
hope to get into the public school system, which pays
more." I

in 1982. the median starting salary for a SUNYA grad
was $14,750. according to Patrick T. Terenzini,
SUNYA’s director of institutional Research. “Now it
would be closer to $16,000." he added.

A 1982 study developed by the SUNYA Office of ln~
stitutional Research. found that out of all i982 May
graduates surveyed, 55 percent took full-time jobs. one-
third went to graduate school on a full—time basis. and
abot 40 percent went to graduate school or a professional
school on a part-time basis. . t . .

. t t . t t t I z 

 

