        
  
  
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 

   
 
 

  

 

~m

 

 

i

"" WA-ém (

n’k‘WJ—W ,vmwmxmmmmeewv v

'when the Danes were shellacked 46-6.

' long time." said Coach Bob Ford In the
V lockerroom after the game had come to a

 

 

By. Marc Barman
sroarsenrma ; V ' .

‘Bven during last years' dismal 3-7
season. the Albany State football team
were never so thoroughly dominated as
they were in last Saturday’s 390 loss to
Divisionﬂll southern Connecticut played
on university Field. W ' , v .

In fact, last week‘s game marked the se-
cond worst beating the Danes have receiv-
edin the club's Ii years of existence-the
worst one coming in l979 against Ithaca

“We'haven't been: beaten Iikethls in a

merciful end.

With the Homecoming-game set for
tomorrow at I:00 p.m. against the Cor-
tland Red Dragons, the Danes ﬁnd
themselves below the .500 mark for the
first time this season at 2-3. vying to erase
last Saturday's disaster from their collec-
tive memories. I

“We can't look back.” said freshman
quarterback Jeff Russell. who was sacked
16 times before being replaced late in the
third quarter. “Southern Connecticut is in
the past. We’re now looking to beat
Cortland.”

For the Great Danes to defeat the 3-2
Red Dragons. their impotent offense is go-
ing to have to be revived, especially the of-
fensive line. Against the Division II Owls.
the Danes managed a pitiful I6 net yards
rushing and 41 yards passing. Russell was 3
out of 12 through the air but even worse.
he gained -22 yards trying to run the ball
out of the wishbone as the Owls’ defense,
led “by ‘their 220’ pound lineman ' Bob Gilbride.

 

of scrimmage.
“Their defense was just bigger and

excuse. they just dominated us."
Indeed they did. And Owls Coach Kevin
Gilbride indicated that his team might

motive. In last season’s contest, the Danes

Third string quarterback Alan Petite
The Danes record now stands at 2-

shocked the Owls 22-l2 on Southern Con-
necticut's home turf.

"We've been waiting to play this game
for a long time," said Owls’ coach
“I don’t think they were
Wilson, set up camp behind Albany's line necessarily better than us last year; they
just came up with a couple of trick plays
that hurt us. No doubt. last year's game
quicker than us." said Rusell. “There is no was in the back of our minds all week."

Though the Danes' defense performed
far from sparkling (they allowed 346 yards
rushing). the excess of turnovers once
have been spurred on by a high revenge again helped their opponents’ cause.This
week. Albany State committed four

    

 

 

  
 
   
 

 

I'Danesthrashed by So: ithern Connecticut, 39-0,

I OCTOBER I2. I984

 

 

   
 

  
  
 
  

   
  
   
   
  
   
    
   
   
    
 

  
  
    

 

terception which was

g takes a handoil to John Donnelly last Saturday In a game which saw the Danes lose 39-0.

blunders — three fumbles and one in~
returned by
sophomore defensive back Rick Atkinson
58 yards for a touchdown. Their grand
total for turnovers now stands at 24 with
half of the season still remaining.
The Owls’ ﬁrst score came as a result of
an errant pitch by Russell late in the ﬁrst
quarter. Scott Mersereau recovered the —
loose ball at Albany's 34 and ﬁve plays
later senior quarterback Jim Sirignano
found his favorite target, tight end Travis
Tucker alone in the endzone for a nine-
yard completion. The extra-point was 21>

  

MICKEY UPS

missed so the score stood at 6-0 at the end
of one quarter.

their lead to 13—0 on a 50-yard drive that
was climaxed by an 18-yard run by
‘ halfback Mike West which spotted the ball
on the half yard line. On the next play,
West dove over the top for the score.

It was a pair of turnovers occuring in the
opening four minutes of the second half
that ofﬁcially turned this one into a rout.

irst, Russell threw a play-action pass
that didn‘t fool the sophomore Atkinson,

Netmen lose to Vermont; favored in SUNYA Cs

' el lee. Dave arosernan retume a shot
my.» n Ieet Tuesday's match.

Number
to Paul T

 

By Krlstlne Sauer
STAFF WRITER

Tuesday's 8-1 loss to the University of Vermont by the
Albany men‘s tennis team has not changed the team's
outlook for today’s and tomorrow's SUNYACs Tourna<
ment In Rochester.

As team captain Jay Eisenberg said.“We’re a good
team arid they're (U of Vermont) a good team. They won.
We were disappointed, but the loss is not going to change
our attitude going Into the SUNYACS." The Danes have
won the tournament the last ﬁve years.

The format of SUNYACs is similar to the Great Dane
Classic. All the players play each other with every victor
getting a point for the team. At the end there are six in-
dividual player champions and three doubles champions.

The toughest competition will come from the Universi-
ty of Buffalo, who took second last year and Bingham-
ton. who took third last year.

Coach Lewis considers the SUNYACs “a real tough
test for us. Buffalo has two very strong players at first
and second singles, but doesn't have the balance, whereas
Blnghamton Is a very balanced team. Their first two
players are not outstanding, but they have depth like us.
Personally I think Binghamton will be tough to beat.
We're not a shoe-In. We're the team to beat based on our
past record. We really dominated the last two years. but
not this year."

Albany has two defending champions: .lay Elsenberg,
who won at ﬁfth singles and Mark Sanders at sixth
singles. As for defending his championship, Eisenberg
said, "My chances are good. If I play well I can’t ask for
more and hopefully that will be enough to win.” -

Playing ﬁrst and second singles for Buffalo are two ex-
cellent players. At number one is Paul Tringall, who lost
In the ﬁnals last year to Albany's Dave Ulrich. and at

number two is Mike White who beat Tom Schmitz in last
year’s championship.

Dave Grossman, ﬁrst singles player, said, “The
toughest competition for me will be Buffalo. He (Tr-
ingali) was in the ﬁnals the last two years. Tringali will
probably be seeded one and I'll be two."

The Dane lineup might see some changes at fifth and
sixth singles where either Mitch Gerber, Mark Sanders or
Dave Zobler will compete. Gerber and Sanders haven’t
been playing that well lately. Said Lewis, “Zobler is a
good match player. I've got a lot of conﬁdence in him."

As for Albany's doubles teams Lewis said, “I have a
lot of conﬁdence in them.The tournament may be won in
doubles."

Grossman is looking forward to the tournament. “I'd
like to win it my third and ﬁnal year on the team. It’ll
take a total team effort for us to win."

Teammate Gerber added, “We're favored going in.
We're the team to beat." '

ln Tuesday's match against the University of Vermont.
Albany's only victory In the B-l loss was by the second
doubles team of Bisenberg and Mike Dermansky. They
beat Vermont’s Newman and Reum duo 8-5 in a pro set,
since the match was already clinched by Vermont.

“I expected a difﬁcult match," said Lewis. “We battl-
ed them, although 1 was a little disappointed with the
score, Vermont is an excellent team. I think the match
will serve as a good tuneup for the SUNYACs.”

At first singles, Mike Duffy defeated Albany's Dave
Grossman 6-l, 3-6, (H. Duffy was ﬁrst singles at Ver-
mont last fall. siting out In the spring. Duffy aIWays looks
forward to his matches with Grossman.

“Dave really served well," said Duffy. “He's really
tough. Last time we played. it was a close match. Dave’s a

“D

By halftime, the Owls had increased-

 

 

  
 

_VOLUME LXXI

  
  
 

OCA'cIean’s upstudent ghetto aria

Volunteers collect 30 large bags of garbage, in two hours

By Jane Anderson
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

Approximately 15 students spent two hoursﬁriday

Residents have.‘in the past. cited problems with park-
ing, garbage, and noise in the student ghetto area.
In an effort to crack down on this. the city is currently

afternoon picking up garbage around houses in -planning,stricter enforcement of the “grouper law” or-

downtown Albany’s “student ghetto” area.

dinance, which mandates that no more than three

The clean—up was part of SUNYA's Off-Campus unrelated people can share an apartment.

'Association's (OCA’s) attempts to improve relations with

city ofﬁcials.

Participants in the “Big
Sweep” effort picked up
loose trash and cleaned up
along Hudson and
Hamilton Streets in the
heart of the student ghetto
area. according to Stacy
Govelick, who coordinated
the event with Stacy Kass.

The students, mostly
members of OCA and Stu-
dent Association leaders,
circled the streets with a
large pick-up truck on loan
from the city.They ﬁlled ap-
proximately 30 large plastic
garbage bags with the trash
they collected, said OCA
Chair Dave Silk.

Other workers. in an at-
tempt to help homeowners
and student tenants become
better informed on honsing

streets seemed happy to
see that we were doing

leaving residents with a
better impression” of

“We need ,to cooperate with the city,” said SA Vice
President Suzy Auletta. The "Big Sweep". she said, is a
means of "‘showing them
(residents) that we’re con-
cerned with working with
them.”

Alvaro. who attended the
clean-up, said that the
sweep was one way to
“quell the antagonistic at-
titude" ofthe area surroun-
ding the student ghetto.

“Rcsidents on the streets
seemed happy to see that we
were doing it," Silk said,
noting that “more
(residents) said they had
had no problems with
students."

Many residents "were
really surprised we were our
there," said Gorelick. She

- said that, although student
_Dave  tenants along the clean-up
route thought themfgﬁig
Sweep" crew was “strange;

“Residents on the
it. . .I think we’re

students.

 

'c0ncerns. went door-to-

door, distributing leaﬂets which detailed housing regula- 'they were really impressed."

tions and listed trash collection days. Silk said.

“We tried to give them (city governtnent and residents)

Albany Code Enforcement Bureau Director Mike at different point of view," Gorelick said. adding that, “I
Alvaro estimated that close to 75 percent of the houses in think we made a good impression.”

the area covered by the “Big Sweep" contain student

apartments.

The “Big Sweep” is part of the “Good Tenant Move-
ment.” an effort to show that students want to help work

The clean-up was spurred by increasing concern among out Albany homeowners’ complaints about overcrowding
students, homeowners. and city ofﬁcials over the general and neighborhood deterioration.

deterioration of housing conditions in the Pine Hills area,

Silk said.

“I think we‘re leaving residents with a better impres.
sion" ofstudcnts. Silk said. ['3

 

SiBlll "
'il EE

EPSILUN

l" 4

CAN” F‘t TAU (iii/iin t:

 

 

l

'o

l QLkINb/tllﬁ
_‘-.,‘.’:

/,
”‘ use.-.

AMY CONE" UPS

 

 

WEEKEND WELCOME -- Celebrating “140 years of Service." SUNYA greeted parents and area
residents this weekend during Its 13th annual Community-University Day and parents weekend
iostlvltiee. More than 2.000 tans were on hand to enjoy the beautiiul tail weather and cheer the Albany
State Great Danes to a 28-0 victory at their homecoming Iootball game. (See story and photos, page 0)

October '16.. 198439. :-

_ than any other CW

 

 

  
 
     

NUMBER..3I

 

-,- ,-. .

   
  
 
   
   
     
 
 
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
   

._.. ..—_......-....

RACHEL urme

   
 
 

NYPIRG coordinator Paul Herrick
SUN lfA has the highest percentage of voters in the USA

SUNYA groups may
have signed-up most
student voters in NY

By Ian Clements

STAFF WRITER -
With the possible exception of NYU, SUNYA

organizations have registered a higherﬁnumber’ of voters

' W'uﬁ'ﬁi’lﬁe’ehﬂi‘etstate.

  
  
  
  

        
      
 

  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
   
       
  
 
    
     
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
    
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
   
   
  
 
   
 
    
 
    
 

and probably a higher’percentage than any school has in
the nation.

Final statistics on nationwide campus voter registration
have not yet been tabulated since Saturday is registration
deadline, student leaders said.

“By percentage of student population I think Albany
(State) has the highest voter registration total of any
school of its size in the country." said NYPIRG’s
statewide voter registration coordinator Paul Herrick.

Herrick said that by sheer numbers, SUNYA probably
has the highest registration total of any school in the
state. He said he hasn't received statistics from one
school. New York University. But, Herrick said. “I don't
think they‘ve registered that many (students)."

Estimates of voter registration on the SUNYA campus
range from 5.000 to 6,000 students. Herrick said there
were about 6,000 registrants, while Student Association's
Student Action Committee chair Steve Gawlcy Cltlllncd
approximately 5.000 students Were registered by campus
groups.

There are approximately 15.900 graduate and
undergraduate students attending SUNYA this fall, ac-
cording to assistant director for Institutional Research
Laurie Webster-San. ‘

Neither Gawlcy, nor Herrick furnished statistics on
students registered to vote in their home communities. or
on students who did not register through campus
organizations, but who will vote in Albany on November

The Albany County Board of Elections times not main-
tain statistics on student registration totals. according to a
spokesperson for the Board, who asked not to be iden-
tified. The Board records breakdowns by ward, she said.

SUNY Buffalo has probably had the second most suc-
cessful drive in the state, Hererick said. adding that about
4,500 students have been registered there.

The number of registered voters on the Albany campus
is “pretty high.” according to United States Student
Asssociation (USSA) President Greg Moore. But, Moore
said, he did not know whether Albany's total was the
highest in the country. and if it was the highest, whether it
was in terms of absolute numbers or by percentage of
registered students.

“In terms of sheer numbers." one or two schools in

Texas and another in the Midwest may have had more _
successful registration drives, said Herrick. One of the
schools. the University of Texas, has a student population
of 40.000, he noted.

“The grapevine has it that SUNYA has the largest,
most successful voter registration drive in terms of
students registered than any other campus in the nation,”
said N-YPIRG project coordinator Efrem Karin.

  
    
  

   
     
 

 
   
 

    

19>

