 

uranium”.- 27. rm to ALBANY stENrrRe‘ss- 

 

 

   

   start-wnrriicnrious
7 ' available. In SA Office

 

Return to Telethon mailbox
in SA Office

DEADLINE: 4 pm Wed., 5/2/84
* Don’t forget to sign
up for an Interview}: ‘

For more info call:

Eileen 457-8975
Eric 457-1872

 

By Jim Erwln

The Albany State women's track and field
team has been busy the past two weeks. com-
peting in four meets in that span. The period
_ was also a successful one. as the Danes
wound tip their dual meet season with a 5-1
record.

The Danes first competed in the pinghum-
ton invitational. held on April 11. where they
placed sixth out of nine teams with a total of
36 points. Division 1 Cornell won the meet
with a total of 130 points. “Allin all it was an
average meet as we finished right where we
should have been." commented Conch
White.

Mary Carmody was named the Danes'
outstanding performer of the meet as she
placed second in the 400-meter dash with a
time of 1:007 and fourth in the ZOO-meter
dash in a time of 28.2. Carmody also an-

rclays which both placed fourth, wrapping
up quite a day by the talented freshman.

in what Coach White called “the real
break through of the meet." Karen Kurlhy
ran a personal best in the 1500-meter run with
a fine time of 4:56.5. Kurthy could only
manage a seventh place finish in an extremely
strong field, but the very quick race pulled
her under the five minute mark for the first
time. a goal that had eluded her for quite
some time.

“1 was very pleased for Karen," said
White. “Five minutes had been a mental bar-
rier of sorts, and now that she is past it l feel
her time will continue to come down."
Versatile Ginny Griner had a fine day for
ltlte Danes. as she took three'l'ilh places in the
long jump. triple jump and high jump.
Griner’s marks were 15'5" in the iongjump.
3110.75" in the tripiejump. and 4’6" in the
high jump.

Other notable performances included
Maura Mahon's personal best of5:03.5 in the
1500-meter run; Lynn Jacobs' fourth place
finish and personal best in the 5000-melcr run
in 18:43.3. and Kitty Sullivan's two personal
bests in the lSOO-meter run and 3000-mctcr
run with times of 5:47.4 and 12:43.7, respec-

 

4r“:

sift

.Y‘.

 

 

Let the SUNYA Food Co—op

help you cram for exams!

We are fully stocked with
your favorite produce,cheese,

chips, carob and yogurt
mixes and lots more!

 

LOOk for end of semester sales
starting Tuesday Maylst.

(The Food Co-oplwill be Closing
Thursday, May 3rd at 8:00pm.)

tively. .

For the next meet. the Danes hosted their
own Albany invitational, held April 14.
Powerhouse Corland took the meet with 151
points. while the Danes finished a very
respectable fifth out of nine teams with a
total of 54 points. Coach White felt good
about his team’s performance. saying. “1 was
very satisfied with our team place."
Sophomore‘ distance ace Jacobs was
Albany's star performer of the meet. as she
first placed second in the 10.000-mctcr run
with an awesome time of 38:06.4. The time
was a track personal best and only 1.4
seconds ol'fol‘qualifying for Division 111 Na-
tionals. Jacobs then came back in the
3000-metcr run to place third with a personal
best and school record time of 10:42.5.
Carmody provided Albany with their lone
first place finish. winning the 400-meter dash
with a time of 1:00. 1. Carmody also provided
strong performances in the 4x100-mcter relay
which placed fourth, and the 4x400-meter
relay which placed third.

There were many tnore fine performances
from Dane competitors. starting with an
Albany first in the lieptathalon. Barb Shipley
placed fifth with a point total of 3215.
followed by Grincr in sixth with a point total
of 3134. This was the first time any Albany
hcptathlctes had placed in a major competi-
tion. Mary Bart also had a fine day. placing
in botlt hurdle races. Bart placed sixth in the
lOO-mcler hurdles with a time of 20.8. and
placed fourth in the 400-mcler hurdles with a
titne of i:16.2. Other Danes placing in the
meet were Doreen Hutchinson. fourth in the
400-meter dash; Grincr. fourth in the triple
jump; Andrea DeLnurier. fifth in the discus.
Mary Randles. sixth in the sholput; Shipley.
sixth in thejavelin; and Chris Varley. sixth in
the 10.000-meter run.

Next the Danes traveled to Hartwick to
compete against both Hartwick and
Hamilton. The meet was held April 18. right
in the middle of Albany's spring break. and
the Danes had only thirteen competitors.
Those lhriteen competitors were enough on
this day. though. as the Danes prevailed with
26 points to Hamilton's 68 and Hartwick's
32, "l was really surprised we took this meet.
1 didn't think with such a depleted team we
would be able to pull it off." said Coach

 

 

White.

 

 

chored the 4x100-meter and 4x400-meter'

.Trackwetnen ﬁnish at 5-1

Jacobs lead the way with a first in the
3000-mclcr run and a second in the
1500«meter run. Her time of 10:48.8 in the
3000-meter run was a good one. but her
[SOD-meter time of 4:54.5 just missed the
school record and smashed her 'previous best
time by fourteen seconds. Jacobs was named
Albany’s outstanding performer for her ef-
forts.

Other notable performances included
DeLaurier’s first place in the discus with a
throw of 101' 6". Bart's season best
400-meter hurdles of l:15.9. and Shipley's
third place in the shot with a throw of 32' 5".
Coach White termed Shipley's effort a “ma-
jor breakthrough." as she improved
dramatically in the event during the meet.

Coach White described the Danes' effort

. this past Tuesday as a “super meet." Albany

came away with wins over both Binghamton
and Union, scoring 89.5 points to 67.5 points
for Binghamton and 20 points for Union.
The two wins wrapped what Coach White
called. “a very satisfying dual meet season."
with a fine 5-1 record.

Karen Robinson pulled offa rare triple win
effort and was named the Danes' outstanding
performer of the meet. Her first win came as
part of the 4x100-melcr relay. which posted a
season best time of 52.7 seconds. She then
took first in the longjunip with a tremendous
leap of l6‘4.5". a personal best and new
school record. Her third winning effort came
in the 100-rncter dash. where she was timed in
a season best 13.7 seconds.

in what Coach White termed. “one of the
best efforts of the day." Varley finished sc-
eond in the 5000-meter ruti with a time of
20:30.7. a whopping 38 seconds better titan
her previous best. Site then came back to take
another second in tile 3000-meler run in
12: 18.6.

Said White. "There were other notable
performances. people who may have taken
firsts. biit Cltris just had it stipcr meet. and i
feel she deserves some credit. Her effort was
one of the best by any individual all season.
arid such efforts should not go unnoticed."

Both Shipley and Jacobs were double win-
ncrs for the Danes. Shipley won the
100-meter hurdles in 18.0 seconds. and took
the high jump with a leap of 4'8". Jacobs
won both the 5000-meter and 3000-mcter
runs. her time of 18:45.7 being close to her
best in the 5000-tneter.

Randles was also a winner for the Danes.
placing first in the discus with a throw of 101 ‘
J". Randles also placed seond in the shot put
with a fine toss of 33’0".

The Danes are now left with the three big-
gest meets of the season: the SUNYACS. the
New York State meet. and the Easterns. They
will be traveling to Brockport this weekend to
compete in the SUNYACs. a meet Coach
While feels they shottld do well in. l l

Danes batter RPI.

<Baclt Page

Perimeter Road if the game was being played
on University Field. instead. the hit turned
into a double that drove in two more runs
that added to Albany‘s already safe lead.

FROM LEI'TFIELD: For senior pitcher Me-
Carthy. the six and two-thirds Innings was his
longest outing in his collegiate eareer...Bolh
Zaloom and pitching coach Dennis Elkin
were thrilled that McCarthy went as far as he
did; they were able to rest the other hurlers
for the big [our game weekend against
0nconta...Last year RPI erased a 9-0 deficit
and beat Albany 12-10. [:1

 

 

Sports this Weekend

The men’s baseball team will take on
SUNYAC rival Oneonta Red Dragons on
Saturday the first game will start ay 1:00
p.m. on University Field...Thc women’s
softball team will host the Albany invita-
tional on Friday and Saturday. The action
will start at 3:30 p.m. Friday and will
resume at 10:00 am. Saturday...The
women's tennis team will take on visiting
St. John's at 1:00 p.m. on University
Couris...Thc lacrosse team will travel to
Buffalo State to play Saturday afternoon
at 2:00 p.m....The lraekmen will go to
Blnghamton for a meet with the Lakers

 

and Hamilton College at 1:00 on Satur-
day...The trackwomen will compete in the
SUNYACs at Broekport on Friday an

 

d
Saturday. a

 

Women netmen overwhelm Rye

Dean Chang

ASSISTANT sPorrrs EDITOR

The Albany State women’s tennis team
turned in an impressive outing last Wednes-
day and overwhelmed Oneonta. 8-1. if not
for a freak injury suffered to first singles
player Mindy Hartstein during the first
doubles match. the Danes would have swept
the Red Dragons off Albany's courts.

Albany dropped only one set the entire
match. that being in Hartstein‘s match
against Elise Renter. Hartstein won 4-6. 6-1.
6-0, in a match that had the appearances of
being close until the second set. in the first
set. Hartstcin got off to a fast start and cap-
tured the first three games. With the score 3-2
in the fourth game and Hartsicin serving.
Harlslein double faulted twice to give Reuter
the game and a second life.

“When 1 double faulted. i lost my concen-
tration." said Hartstein. “1 let her get back
into the match. in the second set. 1 knew that
1 had to lake the offensive. i couldn't just
chip it back to her (Renter). For me to win. 1
had to take the match to her. 1 hit my shots
harder. and i went for a big first serve." The
change in tactics enabled Hartstein to hold
her opponent to one game the next two sets.

Second singles player Joan Phillips had a
much easier time of it. beating Miclicllc
Brown by the score of 6-0. 6-2. At third
singles. Lauren isaacs beat her opponent.
6-3. 6-4. isaaes had the unique experience of
playing someone with the same exact style of
play that she had.

"1 had to think how lwould play myself."
said Isaacs. “Site played the same game that 1
did. Usually I hit short and make tny oppo-
nent come in and then 1 would lob it over
their heads. The difference between the two
of its was that 1 was a little more patient."

Fourth singles player Helene Tishler won
her ttiatch. 6-2, 6-2. while at the fifth singles
position Geri Chiodo took her match. 6-4.
6-3. At sixth singles. Ellen Yuri easily handled

her opponent, 6-1. 6-1.

The first doubles team of Hartstcln and
Phillips were on their way to being Albany‘s
seventh point when Hartsteiti sprained her
ankle in a strange manner.

“The ball went over my head." recalled
Hartstein. "i went after it. but'the ball got
tangled up in the curtain (that separates the
indoor courts). 1 don't retnember running in-
to the curtain. bitt I fell and 1 landed on the
outside of my ankle. Then I got up and fell
on it again."

The injury was severe enouglt to make
Albany forfeit the match and ritin the
shutout. The second doubles team of isaacs
and Tishlcr took their match by the score of
6-1. 6-2. while the third doubles tandem of
Chris Cassaro and Lisa Valins won. 6-4. 6-4.

The team will be trying to use this match as
a springboard to victories against upcoming
opponents Concordia. St. Johns and
Binghamton. The women will travel to Con-
cordia today to play at 3:30. Tomorrow, the
Danes will take oti St. Johns. a strong Divi-
sion 1 tearri. at bottle at 1:00.

“We're going to have our work ciit oitt for
us against St. Johns." said Head Coach Mari
Warner. “i anticipate them being very
strong. We played West Point and we
managed to extend it lot of those matches to
three sets. if we can go to three sets agains St.
Johns and give them a match. l‘ll be
pleased."

Despite St. Johns' credentials. the Danes
will be playing to win. "We always go in with
a positive attitude and try to win." said
lsttacs. “Since they‘re Division 1. they can
give scholarships and get it lot of the top
players."

I'larlstcin will be ready to play this
weekend. regardless of her physical condi-
tion. “it might not be fine tomorrow. biit ['11
play anyway." said l-lartsteiu. "it'll make
things easier on the learn." '

 

"x‘.

' a. ~..' , .
K #:WWWWN '-

d Dre-9m 

    

ENICA SPlEaEL UPS

The women's tennis team smashed Oneonta, 8-1. They will lace Concordia this
alternoon and St. John's tomorrow.

Dane tracksters having their ups and downs

B Tom Kacandes
IltltM'A' wnvk

The last two weeks have not been kind to
the Albany State men's track and field team.
After winning a close contest with rival RPl
in the season opener. the trackmcn came out
on the short end of their next three matchups
before blowing out the Dutchmen of Union
College last Wednesday at liotne. The team
will take its 2-3 record to Binghamton this
weekend hoping to get back on track to a
wirinittg season.

Brockport
Twetily days ago the Danes lost a close
dual tnect to Brockport that left a bad taste ilt
must team members mouths. The otherwise

iiirctnotional contest was marred by what

“some Albany runners termed “dirty. bush-
lczigue running" on the part of ilrockport's
tiiiddle-distartcc star Oscar Heath who corti-
tnitted four fouls iii the course of the 1,500
and HOG-meter runs. birt was not disqualified.
allowing Brockport to score eight tittearricd
points. Missing the services of hurdle-ace
Bruce Van Tassel. high-juniper Al Neil. and
captain Pat Saccocio. the Danes were unable
to make up that disadvantage and lost the
iitcet narrowly.

Cortland

Three days later. the Danes played host to
the Red Dragons of Cortland in a lopsided
contest on University Track. Albany lost the
meet 64-99 with only a few especially good iti-
dividual performances to speak of. Con-
sDicuious among these was Marc Mcrcurio's‘
winning hammer throw of 1511'2". John Reil-
ly was a 'double winner. He took the
400-mctcr (lash :50.3 and then won the
200-meter dash in 22.4 seconds.

U. of Rochester

Things looked good going into the Danes
tticct with the Rochester yellowjnckets and
the contest was so close that it cattle down to
the last event. the 4x400-metcr relay. which
Rochester won.

Mercurio started off it triple win on the day

Willi an impressive loss of 147'2" iii the
discus. He then won the shot put and came
back to take the hammer with a lowering
throw measured at 162’7". Rej Jarncrson

 

school-record time of 14:56.9 after going
through 1,600 meters in 4:37 atid 3,200
meters in 9:25.

Van Tassel and Reilly were built double
winners. Reilly's time of 49.8 seconds iii the
400 tiicter was a particularly outstanding cf-
l'ort. Saccocio won the 100-metcr dash. but
could not ptili Albany's 4x400 relay out of a
four sccottd deficit at mect's end. Albany lost
82-90.

Union

Missing the services of super-sprinter
Winston lit'ilton and sevcral other key tcarti
members. the Dutchmen concentrated oti
having iridii iduals qualify for States and cori-
ccticd a number of events to the Danes.

Mcrcurio had a great day winning the halti-
mer iii 169'3" and the discus iii 147'1" for
two close “iris over his Union rival Scott
Remillard. The field events effort was solid
all around. but undefeated Al Ncil overcame
alt tincoopcrative crossbar to break his own
school record and win the high jtriiip with a

13*"

 

 

 

 

UPS
The Dana track team will lace Blngham-
ton tomorrow.

mark of 6'7". Ron Massaroni and Don
Bicasdalc also went 2-3 in thc javclin tltrow.

Van Tassel won the liO-tncter high hurdles
and then came back to win the 400-metcr iii-
madc his contribution oti the field by winning
the pole vault with a mark of 13‘6".
Freshman Al Neil ran out his unbeaten streak
with a win in the high jttinp. I-lis mark of
6'6" broke the school record.

On the track, sophomore latt Clements
surprised everyone bilt his teammates when
he took off in the last mile of the very fast
10.000-itictcr rttti. ('lctttcnts ran cven splits
on the way to a personal-best time of 32:04.7
and first place.

By Mike Skolnlck

.\I.-lll ilk/ILR

BliIz/rrt'e' — a lightning strike hacked
tip by heavy artillery. This is what the
lacrosse team faced yesterday as RlT
scored four goals at the end of the first
half to break open a close contest which
turned into a 16-6 loss for the Danes.

The loss brought their record to 5-4;
more importantly. they are a disappoin-
ting 0-3 in conference play. The game
against RlT. who is ranked sixth iti Divi-
:sion 11. begun on a sour note as RlT
scored the first three goals before Don
Cassodatitc scored at the eight ntinute
mark. it was a good day for Cassotlante.
who has been one of the Great Dane‘s
most consistent scorers in his four-year
‘carccr. This made the score. 3-1 iit RlT's
favor. Cassodante scored again later in
the first quarter and cut the deficit to two
goals.

The turning point in the game occurred
when RIT outscored the Danes 4-1 in the

- second quarter to take a 9-3 lead at the

half. in the second half the Danes played
well biit they couldn't come back.

Coach Gary Campbell said. “We
played even with them after the half but it

 

Albany's distance squad kept up the hot
pace with a 1-2 finish in the 3.000-mcter
steeplecliase. Sophomores Chuck Bronner
and Craig Parlan showed drastically inprov-
ed form as they pushed each other to record
times of 9247.3 and 9250.4 respectively quali-
fying both runners for the State Champion-
ships. Later captain Ed McGill went wild in
the 5,000-meter run which he won in a
termediatcs iii a very fast tintc of 255.8.
Mc(iil| led a sweep of the 1.500 and then won
the 5.000 latcr on. Jim McDoiiagh led a
sweep of the BOO-meter run and Reilly led the
Danc‘s sweep of the 400. Albany’s
1x400—uictcr' relay ol' Patti Fairly. Reilly. Sac-
:ocio. and McDortngh capped off the Danes'
99-64 win by taking the relay event in 3:28.8.

lRlT dumps stickmen , 16-6

vasn’l eiiouglt'.”

During the mention. the Danes played
against Vcrtuout. a Division | school and
()suego. a conference rival. Vermont was
7-() going into the garlic anti was ranked
first in the ECAC. Albany obiiously
wasn’t overly impressed with Vermont's
credentials. as the squad beat them cott-
vincingly by the score of 16-6.

Coach Campbell remarked. “It was
definitely otir Inst all-around effort this
year. Oitr problem has been that we
haven't played consistently well all year."
Again the leading.scorer was (‘assodattte
who had three goals and one assist. Bally
Venicr and Rick FrlTian caclt chipped iii
with two goals and one ns~ist apiece.

In the game agairist‘Oswego, the Danes
were hampered by playing on a \vet and
muddy field. The poor playing conditions
didn't bother ()swego though. as they
defeated Albany by the score of 10~7.
Venicr and Cassodautc led tiic scoring for
the Danes with one goal. three assists, and
two goals. one assist. respecthely.

On Saturday. the Danes will take on
conference rivnl Buffalo State in an ini-
portatit match-up. Albany ttntst be able to
defeat the teams in their conference, [:1

 

 

 

