  
    

 

_,.._‘..a..v~...... .. . .. . "um...

m ‘ ' ,__‘ ._‘...

 
  
 

   

    

.‘a‘ r.

'N ignited. 1984'.

   

  
   

 

November :2, 1934 i i V

    

 

 

      

Smut-M ‘zxfl‘

 A ‘MI-seuearsn 

A.Look AtLo‘cal‘Rchk _ . i v '   
_, _ g   _ ’ Bottom Of The Working Class
 9’ ‘ Bed With Class? .  ‘ W - 

. ‘ In  , I ‘ ' Amerika.”
_ I g ,  .-‘     ‘ 7 Lumpen Proles. Bottom of the Working
__ .1 : ‘ ~ » y g. . class.
I  . v.  i , I I Needless to say the Lumpen l’ioles are

not happy Willi the state of the state. \et

Try   somewhere beneath the negative shell of

 
 

 

    
   
  
   
      
  
   
   
   
   
 
  
    
  
 
   
  
  
  

 

 

 

 

' - .‘i—h ‘  ’:
l

 

    

 

 

OF  their cynical lyrics one likes to think there
 hides a ray of hope and optimism. Theirs

‘ isn't the easily digestible fluff that lids onu‘
  again usurped the American radio dial.le

PIUlL‘S play a music that must be listened

 

I     to, by teet and ears. and taken in by the

s '    .nind. The psychedelia meets Sex l‘istoh
 drive is fleshed out by newest member,
t Come hear him speak on: mum-(Ira Rob Seals.

 

 

 

 

“JEWISH PRIDE and POWER” & Michael Eek

ComeSee what WlRA the "I"! pllﬁﬂl- of I"! 

 

songwriters Joshua Vincent and W. Scot

.4 ..  n .' Gray. In need of an avenue of sett expres-
 &   sion for their music and their frustrations

i _ they formed the nucleus of a constantly

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

         

 

   

 

     
  

     
  

: V . shifting, growing unit. Six drummers came  4‘ g e.- : , J K r‘ 1"" -  _ ‘ ' l
    and went, among them Trash Knight Nick , “5 w A - ‘  i V
g   7 8  Nvalon’ before Bi” Rena Signed on {or the “Ir Lumpen l'roles, from left to right: tiill Rella, Scot Gray, Joshua Vincent, Rob Seals
‘ V . duration.The original line-up also featured In their trio format the group crystalized He worked out so well that he is now a They realize, l hope, that the hard work
, - r  \   rhythm guitarist Paul Lindsay and percus- and became, sometimes, razor sharp. Easily full-fledged member. (His live debut was at behind them doesn't mean shit and that the
t '    L sionistMichele Rimanelli. Frequent gigging eligible for the most improved band award this year's Larkfest.) Almost completed work ahead is everything. They need to
.3 . N    9  ‘ 1 PERFORMING ARTS CENTER elarned them an audience and IiicluSIon  they grew tighter with every. gig, their now they plan to shop it around to various play outside of Albany if they want of get
i g . tie Hui son Rock Album(lt was at ttls punch grew stronger - seine live perforv record companies. A local cassette release out and into something bigger, Catch-22. If
I V  1     point sella leimd' recording before he had "“mccs '3’” “kc “ IWiSlinB “ll-7b” band: is also being CUnSidL‘rL‘d- “By These you don't support them here they can't go
i L . -v. even played out with the band). "You tension, tension, waiting for it to break and Presence", an older tune penned and sung away. (What a novel idea. If you don't like ,
i T. d c c  &   fCan’t forget," (Cline of th; sltand-out cuts fall apart. ISelected coyiers varying from the by the departed Lindsay, was on this sum- the Proles go see them and they‘ll leave.) t
Y ‘ . rom tiat recor capture tie essence ol Cure's "P ay for To ay" to War's "Low mer's cassette-only Raincoat Sampler. This They aren't getting any younger and your
l   t e    W   the Prole sound. Gray's trademark piercing Sides" filled out sets and augmented the band wants to make it and they deserve to, chance of seeing, a solid band before it goes
.    guitar tightroped its way through, adding strong original attack. "Worlds in but even with luck and talent it's a long national is getting slimmer. Now, don't
SA F ~  . ' fire to the typically vindictive lyrics and Darkness", one of Vincent’s best, was the road to Catalonia. you want the glory and recognition of say.
g, I I ‘  S,A, Funded counterpoint to Vincent's pumping bass. next vinyl (or the Proles. Included on the ‘ ing, “i knew them whenu,“
 ‘ _ . ’ Rimanelli departed before the next Live at .338 collection it dominated the The acquiring of Seals starts another
I _ , I ’ ’ . ,, I . , recording session. A six song demo cut in other songs. On a good night the song is chapter in the neverending Lumpen Proles Lest l paint too stark a photo, Lumpen
1  ' ' ~  ' I I record time at Arabellum Studios eventual- positively scary--a vision of the domestic saga. Gray states, "With the addition of Proles, referred to by some as "Albany’s
‘ ’ ly produced three releases. Lindsay, American family that strides home in a keyboards our sound is denser in some finest natural resource,” will not make
 _ n   however, was also gone before any came most unsettling way. In reference to his cases, yet more dynamic in others. We your want to commit suicide or hurt small
2 out. The fist independent release was the role in the band Vincent says, "l‘ve failed in have a more mature sound.” Seals also animals. They play the role of a musical
5 ' ' ' ‘ y _ "She Wasn't Home/Positive Thinking” my life to get people to listen to me. This is plays some rhythm guitar and adds .1 Kurt Vonnegut-something new, strange,
i ' t V- ' ' , ' single in June '82 No Crust Seconds; a label my last chance.” . ‘ , tourth voice to an already impressive and exciting. You read them once and en-
: "I . the Proles share with the ever-mysterious Early in '84, using money saved trom group sound. (Yes, French Letter, this joy it. Later you find yourself thinking
. Verge. “She Wasn't Home" is not at all in playing, The PI’OlCS began their most am- Albany band also has backing vocals.) Seals about things in a different way, so you go
l ' ‘ ' r I H I . dicative of Vincent's horrific vitality as a bitious project. Once again at Arabellum block chords and occasional single note back for more and it happens again...
2 - ‘i 'r t ’ ' '  I V I " . ‘_ V ‘ ﬂ ’ l g I g r f a ,, writer and was also not the best choice for they started work on recording an album's runs do add some calm to the dark Prole Ladies and Gentlemen, for your dancing
i ' 4  V    t I I l. i H I. = I I. i i i H i l - , an A-side. Alas, learning comes from ex- worth of their material. Keyboardist Seals sound,- even their party songs are pleasure...
t . . ' I Q I: u   b   ,. m ‘     perience and the show must go on. was called In to augment the studio sound. depressmg. Say Goodnightiohnnynln Amenka. El
3-  :  v ._ -r*  ~ _   ~ , g _ V 'fy'BachetorParty‘isas funny as 9
2  r.  .    —  ..  ,_ <.  1-  rue es omes as 1
n. ' 2‘ ' w t  _ ‘5« ~. _ _ v.3 u . j . V y _ -  t " ' JinttMlihn New: times
i     '  ‘ "‘ '  ‘ ‘  ' On Wednesday night, November 7, ‘ .v ‘ . .. . M ‘ n x.“ - (in; ,- "x -- ‘ tip: Garaghes, Vol.ll), but they are capable
"' ' ' ' ‘ ’  ,” 9t FM.WCDB, is presenting the ' ' ‘_ ‘. . ,r ‘ "  -‘ v» _ . .  »- 9 5° mm: "mm
t  RIGHT SI UV  v . band True West at m Lark St., ,  _ '  -  ’. Whenever discussing a band. a need for
, _ “ “WSW” ,' : t - and it is certainly a show not to be missed. ‘ categorizing arid co""Pal’ison arises: though
l ' l V M V ‘ As a matter of fact, many of Albany club- neither the band, nor most reviwers like it
I; . goem may remember True West's strong that Way, But, when i listen to True West t

 

     

_~_.-..-—..-.w.......
m .m—

hear Television, the Byrds and Buffalo Spr-
ingfield, to name a few. However, True
West definitely injects more originality in-
to their music than influences.

The album opens with "Look Around"
which shows right off how great Gavin
Blair's vocal work is. Blair shows great
range and smoothness of transition. He
never sounds like he's straining or off-key.
The song has a very identifiable chorus,
good weaving of lead and backing vocals.
and typically strong True West guitar
work.

Second is  Night They Speak" which
is one of the more psychadellically in-
fluenced cuts on the LP, and it's at a

EP, simply entitled True West, it was Blair moderate pace. Next up is "Speak Easy", at
Tolman and McCrath, who are the core at slower, seemingly Stones influenced cut
which changes pace nicely. The way the

I i  T I O M H  the band, along with bassist Mike Palmer ’ , ‘ , t am   I g . I i ' I
s  I L  E I and drummer Frank French. Then, at the i'iue West. from \rVrrsl tH t‘.i~t' (“mu lltau. h'u hard MLCraIli, Steve l’ai'kenham, Kevin Staydoliai, and glltldl'S 0f Tolmap and McCrath intricately
*_ I Chateau Show, uer was what was. an m. rim..." \N’iIVC’ together IS excellent all throughout

mm" performance down at the Chateau Lounge
last September. The crowd response was so
great that WCDB decided to bring them

Stuff 1 m... in]. .. a...
. . r back one more time.
- Bachelor WW“
' t if k , k w it at I love
 I a  you now me you no 1

American music, and this Sacremento,

 

 

 

California quartet certainly embodies that

H W Z 8 3  spirit. At present they consist of Gavin

I i‘ ‘ Btair(Vocals), Richard McCrath(guitar),
I ' Russ Tolman(guitar), Kevin
Staydohar(bass) and Steve

- Packenham(drums). This wasn’t always the
WI t line-up though. On their domestic debut

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
  
 

 

  

 

 

 

 

   

 

   

 

 

 

—
, even better line-up, with Staydohar now i lw still further changes. "Luelter Sam" earned them a psychadelic Drillers. U .
I ' . on bass and loe ﬁecker on drums, Now as ' ‘ Ni matter what, these guys play great branding byanany revtewers. On Drifters “Shot You Down is one of the prime
I” L c I 8 I I V evidenced on their new LP, Drillers, , mum and their Vinyl n surpassed only by it seems as it they want‘to shake a restric- examples of the newer style that the band
I o L c 1 l’ackenham has replaced Becker on dnunr their I.itl.'tglfltt. .ILve appearances. On the [mg intact, and Show the“ versatility. They Shows on thls album It IS very quickpaced

    
    
 
 

  

to give their music a more pounding, driv~ debut Et’, which featured "Hollywood' certainly can hold their own among the top and upbeat, and makes one picture riding
ingrsound on their faster cuts. You never Holiday" and "It’s About Time,” their U.S. Garage and Psychadelic bands (as down the California coast in a convertible.
know though- by November 7 there may cover of Syd Barret's Pink Floyd song evidenced on the compilation “Battle of continued on u.

  

 

. ' saruuaea,   1 ‘  

  
    

 

 

 

 

