  
  
  
    
  
  
 
 
   
 
    
 
  
 
  
   
 
  

 
  

N1w—I': . w

 

“"‘lvihnmﬁvkWh-Mwu’unmtrﬁtwmwrm.‘my.“_~_“ Ir‘ ’

 

 

 

 

   
   
   
  
   

   

   
 

 ' . 1,» I '  .. I J. I, I i
  s I . .  r...» .z'i‘r- _  :-
\ - I In " '

v

    
    
 

   
 
    
    
   
   
  

' 4-

, “'113VVNH

d. note This article was written before the sive [me which should make the Bengals:

     
     
   
  

 

  
   

 

      

Marino to Mark Duper show. The Dolphins' cluding the acquisition of quarterback War-
running game isn't the fastest or ﬂashiat in ren Moon. The Oilers have a strong offen-
the NFL. but Andra Franklin should pro- sive line and a strong running game a la Earl
vide the necewary powa up the middle and Campbell. The Oilers' defense is what needs ‘
Tony Nathan should provide sufﬁcient out- the improvement. Safety Mike Reinfeld is
side speed. Even if they aren't keyed up for returning from an injury which should give
every game. the Dolphins are strong enough the Oilers' deferlse a boost. Overall. the
to ovapom the rest of the mediocre AFC Oilers' powerful oEense should keep the
East. Oilers about .500.

 

.  E v o ,' . . l l .  3501! had  N0 information has been mediocre runninggamemough of a factor to
T I H ,  COMMODORE 6‘_ MICROSOFT |BM-ﬂPPLE- hanng to protect the writer, So here are set up Andason-s Pagng gameI Au aspects
I opposi Suny Headqtrs I . I .. FLIGHT SIMULATOR I A ndys unadulterated predictlons {or the84 of the 33183151519910“ strong However
. v , I , I I I -  n. . I mus reiterate t e importance of Ken
.I v I , . VIc.cp/M . aTaRl-TRSBO y Andy Targovnlk Anderson staying healthy because if the
_ I . I "5 ""75" AFC EAST Bengis heliIve to use Turk Schonert, the
I II , Beng s vvi go nowhere.
Oct. 12 1 3 14 1 984 .- orHERs
S. I I? _ '  .tQ M (INTO: ’ I Miami Dolphins Houston Oilers
 Q I    The Dolphins' killer bee defense should The Oilers might surprise a few people in
I r  0 continue to sting the AFC East. In addition 1984. Although not a playoff team. Houston
     to their defense is the imprmve Dan has made some marked improvements in-

. 7...-.. ,I

 

IF FLYING YOUR PERSONAL COMPUTER
WAS ANY MORE REALISTIC YOU’D NEED

A LICENSE.

Microsoft. Fllght Simulator instnlmenmtlon is so complete and accu-
nlte. it meets the FAA regulations for day and night visual and instru-
ment ﬂight conditions. ‘

SOFTWHRE ruwaYs
DISCOUNTED
LIP T0 20 percent

HLSO IN SYRHCUSE HT
281.8 ERIE BLVD E.
15109 Central ﬂve. ﬂlbany (315)5’05-1511
('l/lr mlle WEST of Wolf Rd.)

         
  

   

, .c‘I-I-ltom PaREnrs ROOM
"' FREE. I

Restaurant and Lounge on
Premlses.

For reservations call 434-4111.
an MHJOR CREDIT CHRDS
—ﬂSSEEIEL___

 
   
   

    
   
  
 
   
 
  

    
  

. swam.

 
   
   
 

New England Patriots Pittsburgh Steelers

 
   
  

If anybody is going to challenge Miami. it If Pittsburgh thinks they've helped their of-
I will be the Patriots. Tony Collins givts the fense by acquiring the highly overrated
Patriots a strong running attack which David Woodley. they've got another thing
I I should set up the Patriots' passing show star coming. Also. their offensive line and runn-
- ring Steve Grogan. Stanley Morgan. and ing game is a deprng sight to watch.
« number 1 pick in the draft. irving Fryar. The Their defense is okay. but they rely too
I Patriots' defense is the question mark if much on big plays that will not come in
defensive end Kenneth Sins can't stay 1984. In fact. the Steelers will not get much
 healthy. If he can remain injury-free. the of anything in 1984.

Pattiots' dd'ense will be strong because their ‘

M~-WC

    
  
 

       
   
   
   

    

v . Located off of
I-181,I-81,I-90.LIS-ZO,LIS-9.

M

    

  
   

    
  

   
 

 

I  I 'I I» _ linebacking and seconda look good. if Cleveland Browns

.g     z  N IYI Mm_F" I  Miami relax'es too much inrll984. the Patriots

I I ,  _ ‘ u will take the AFC East crown. The only strong point on Cleveland is
 . y- - SET 1 OHM-5PM their linebacking. The rest of the Browns is
 " i  Indianapoliscolts- ' mediocre or worse. including their quarter-

   

 

back. I wouldn't be surprised to see "Mr.

   

 

 

 

I 300 Broadrivay. ﬂlbanyrl'lj.

   

 

 
    
    
  
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
  
 
  

 

  
    
   
      
   
 
  
   

champs until it has been proven that they The Redskins' only weaan may be their
The Jets will not fare well in 1984 due to can be beatal. One prediction though - the running game as they found out against the Well. it's about time the Giants got it
he lack of a quarterback and depth. Even Raidas will win the Super Bowl again - no Raiders last year. The Redskins could use a through their thick heads that Phil Simms
hough Joe Walton is hoping that Ken doubt about it. running back with some outside  Even should bestarting quarterback. However the
O'Brien will be another Dan Marino. in all with this slight weakness. all the Redskins Giants‘ runninggameand offensive line isso M
likelihood he will not be. The Jets are hoping San Diego Chargers really have to worry about is preparing for pathetic that Phil Simrm can only make so
hat Freeman McNeil will stay healthy the Raiders in the Super Bowl again. Well., much of a diHermce. The only thing that
because McNeil's injury was a big reason for Pete Johnson will not help the Chargers maybe the Redskins should be aware of the keeps the Giants‘ defense respectable is
he Jets’ dismal season in 1983. Also. maybe. this year. but what will help them is their 49ers. but if the Redskins concentrate they Lawrence Taylor and Harry Carson. Maybe
ust maybe. the Jets will start to throw the much improved defense. If San Diego's will be representing the NFC in the Super if the Giant fans stop buying tickets. Giants
all downfield to their speedy receivers in- defense does improve. they will go to the Bowl. management will go out and reallytryto im-
ead of throwing ﬁveyard paw to Bruce playoﬂ‘s becauseweall knowwhat Dan Fouts prove their football team. But as long as
Harper. The Jets' defensive line. linebacking and company can do. . St. Louis Cardinals Giants Stadium stays sold out every game.
and McNe‘l should win a fewgarnes for the Giant fans will have to put up with inep

presents OREON

“5 Debate with an'Oxfos-d Inn-day
~> University Debate Team” I I Mgsdgﬂegslbs pm

1,.
»  The state of indiana now has-another Nice Guy" Sam Rutigliano to be looking for
.  I I r . . v I . * lunatic coach in addition to Bobby Knight. a new job.

' g ' = . r 1 The Colts have a strong defense and running

6 ‘ amebtlckth tbktbeft

:I The Albany State Debate SOCIetY  er i S a V61, f" the; (SI/ism: “if;  m: Cgltgcgc; The New York Jsts' success this usson wlll dspsnd on star running back

i & y  lucky. Frank Kush will put Art Schlicter in a Fr°°m.n Men." "who h.."hy' _

l S ' F ' game that Schlicter has bet the Colts in. AFC WEST '

a k  ° 'I Overall, the Colts should improve a slight I NFC EAST America should think about joining the
pe ers . o m I - I I I  I I I  . bit. Los Angeles Raiders < Redskins or Raiders bandwagon. J
~ Washington Redskins
New York Jets I can't pick anybody to ﬁnish ahead of the New York Giants

5

i

if

» 1H; PAUL WINTER CONSORT
Topic: Should the United States of America sat-“ﬂay, adobe;- 20, 8 m

I adopt a Monarchy? I Tm $13, $11 I

 -Albany State will defend the mum Hm, NIGHT

 

   

     
 

 

- - et . b t I h th et ' t E d a Denver Broncos Well. the Ca dinals' timehasfi all . 't'tude for a lon time to come.
Amerlcan Democratic System- may   8 easl helid c025; onibfstlilgegdixys o n . .Neil Lomax is; fine quarterback airlift; l g
' . ’ i m John Elway has the quarterbacking job all capabilitis. The question mark on the Car- Philadelphia WEI
V , . ° ’ Buffalo Bills to hirrself and Denver's playoff hopes will dinals is their oEensive line which in 1983
wgenf  . OCtOIEer   H  l .  rest with him The Broncos lack a strong gave Lornax about as much protection as did The Eagles arefoldhragged 32rd shoulddbat-
' ere: 6 am US en er ssem . a ' 'I ~ . ' ‘ Without Joe Cribbs. the Bills are in deep runninggameand a middle linebacker. but if the warnings about ice gave the Titanic. The tie Tampa Bay or t e num one pi in
, w p y ' ; '   In  water. Nowopposing defenses can key in on Elway has a half-decent year the Broncos Cardinals‘ defense looked very strong in the 1985 NFL draft.
it '. ‘ v . v . . > I . _ f i i'  ° ‘ the Bills’ pmng game. The Bills' defense is should be around .500 or even a little bit 1983 and should get eval stronger in 1984.
. ' I I  I m,   ii at only mediocre but getting older. And if better. However. if the offensive line can give "
‘ ' ' * ‘ . '- . I 2 ~ - — . I, I - f ' ‘ ‘I _':the Bills fans get bored watching the Bills r Lomax some protection the Cardinals might
 Faculty I I I  ' E.    j leIIagl.cpIpeldS:lovyvay:I}ook out the window I ' Seattle Seahawks pﬁoruegugardedIvviLl‘ggepla :lf   NPC CENTRAL
. , .StUdehtSfree With taxcard- .  . Ii' 11.3: . . l -  ..  '  ’ l I' What.a difference a year makes. In 1983. thamelvts a reald kicker. i think Ndl Chicago Bears
v ' 1 ~  r I. " I , ; _ I l ' l ‘ .  i, the Seahawks warea ﬂuke. plain and simple: O'Donoghue shoul seriously think about ‘
-   ' ' r  - h       ' ' »‘ '  *_ In 1984, oppos'ng teams will all be parched gettinga job on the DallasCowgirls kickline. Howfar the Bears go in 1984 maybe up to
‘ " ' " ' I * . ‘ AFC CENTRAL for the Seahawks and most teams will have ’ ' quarterback Jim McMahon. If McMahon “

to a” v  if  .- I l ' . their way with this overrated bunch of Dallas Cowboys has a strong year at quarterback, it will take.

’  "A r ‘ I: Cincinam Bengals C inderellas who call themselves contenders I I an mormous amount of pre$ure off Walter‘
A ' . . . .

25”. Sorry America. Your team ls gomg down Payton and ya ' even make him more effec-V

r ,.
,.
. @—

 

.‘l » '-

     
 
 
  

armada-Egg

      
   

     

:: .lv -l III II. .I I .1 I In Q1.”- 1 II I , . I  -  I .
l -    . I --  '9, :I , " l. I i . , '   ' ' 2 ~ Picking the winner of this division is like . Kansas City Chiefs the tuba, The Cowboys' defense is aging ‘ tive‘(ii" that is possible).,f'l‘he Bears ‘ulso’I
., .I . , . .  I _ = I‘I _ r ,I . I ‘ II ,I' a ._ I I  If - , , picking the lesser of {our evils “omen . and is just about ready to break down. Now have a strong defense. First round pick, _I_,
.. ,  I ‘ . . ' ' ’. , I l” t_"‘"-“ ’ 7 Cincinatti looks like the winner. The key to Kansas City could have been a force in there isaquarterback controversy. Whoever linebacker Wilbur Marshall of Florida‘
. jI - '

   

; "tut 7 the Bengals' succes is veteran quarterback 1984. but for some reason decided to destroy wins- the Cowboys lose. Gary Hogeboom is should start and the Bears are hoping he:

'  Ken Anderson. if Anderson stays healthy. their secondary. The Chiefs might win a few inexperienced. Danny White is overrated. Iwill make an immediate contribution. WillI‘I

 the Bengals will betouglr because Anderson- games on the Bill Kenney to Carlos Carson The Couboys‘ receivers and Tony Dorsett llie' Chicago Bears put ll all together in,

{ tO-Collinmrth $uke o posing defenses combination but lack the running game and] jhould keep the Cowboys at about .500 and 1984? Yes! ..
load '

have {its The B  the cella‘rj‘. ust ahead of the Giants and Eagles. But IIIIIIII’ILI I kg 

  
 

  

     

iswﬂnnﬂﬁnnmﬂﬂﬁeoﬁ

 

r 1",

     

 

 

 

 

~ Wu,- pj  NH —'- .~ w- w--. .., —' r:r-,w~-.-..._.. . u..- w..--

 

  

 

    

