 

LUCKEV UPS

Defensive and Rick Punzone will be a key In bothering Hoiatra quarterback Tom

McLaughlin, a lormer UCLA product. Hoistra ls undefeated and ranked sixth in the

nation.

Women booters on the rise, Win last

By Michael Skolnick
STAFF WRITER

With one game remaining against Union
on Tuesday, Albany's women’s soccer
team looks to close out the season on a
high note after defeating Vassar and
Castleton this week.

Wednesday’s contest against Vassar was
a hard fought battle which the Danes won
in overtime by a score of 2-0, with both

goals being scored in the overtime period.
The team. as has been its custom all season
long, got off to a slow start in the first half
while Vassar dominated the play.

At the midway mark of the ﬁrst half,
Vassar scored a goal but it was nulliﬁed
because of an of fsides call. in the second
half, the Danes came out stronger, an-
chored by Dana Stam. Kim Kosalek and
Joanna Lazarides. They played with pa-

 

By Doug israel
R

hfrtll‘ WRITE

Sage, 15-3. 15-6.
using quite a few substitutes.

well after that."

16-14, 15-6, 3-15, and 15-8.

who was first in last week’s poll.

consider us the team to beat."

8th ranked spikers win again

it was a night to remember for Coach Pat Dwyer and the women's volleyball team.
And a nightmare to forget for Union, Oswego and Russell Sage. as the Albany spikers
swept through their last home tournament of the season.

The Danes began the evening by beating Union College. 15-9. 15-7. They then
played Oswego, losing the first game 15-12. but storming back to win the last two by
scores of 15-1 and 15-6. in the final matchup of the day. they easily defeated Russell

Dwyer. in attempting to prepare the team for post-season action. experimented by
“We were a little sluggish the first few games," he said. “but we played extremely

injured center Terry Neaton was used sparingly. She played in the first game against
Oswego and in the ﬁnal game against Russell Sage.
ln matches this past week the Danes defeated Oneonta in four games by scores of

On Saturday the team participated in the Smith College tournament. and for the
first .time this season, Albany took the whole event though they almost lost in the
semiﬁnals. After losing the first game to Clark University. 15-8. they were down 12-11
in the second. But the team rallied to win, 15-12 and took the third game. 15-5. Then,
in the ﬁnals. they beat a hard-hitting Tufts squad, 15-9, 15-8.

These victories bring the team's season record to 26-6. The Danes are now ranked
‘ eighth in the nation and first in the Northeastern region, replacing Brooklyn College

Coach Dwyer is happy that the team is coming together at the right time.
“Overall, the level of the team is up," said Dwyer. “i think we could’ve won every
match we played this season. We’re ranked very high and teams get up for us. They

This Friday and Saturday the spikers will participate in the Binghamton Invita-
tional. Teams that the Danes will definitely play are Stony Brook, Buffalo and Queen-
ta. Then next week. Albany will travel to Siena to conclude the regular season.

The postseason will begin with the SUNYAC championships. Then if things WOT—l:

 

 

 

out it will be on to the state championships and then the NCAA playoffs.

By Marc Barman

smars corms

- Usually it takes more than just two
games before a football rivalry is establish-
ed between two schools. The Albany State-
Hofstra rivalry has apparently forgotten
about this criterion.

The two schools. whose campuses are
located 170 miles apart. have met just
twice - once in 1974 and again last season.

Nevertheless, their rivalry is strong.
With the bulk of Albany's student popula-
tion. alo'ng with one-fifth of the football
team, residing from‘ the Long island-
Metropolitan area, there is valid reasoning
to why there is a large amount of emo-
tional intensity surrounding tomorrow's

. game. Add to that the fact that Hofstra is

ranked sixth nationally, and you have all
the trappings of what perhaps is the Danes
biggest game of the season.

“it’s for the bragging rights of Long
island," quipped Sports information
Director Mark Cunningham. ~

“it’s a big game,” said wide recievcr
John Donnelly, who lives in Huntington.
“A lot of our players will have a bunch of
friends and family coming to the game and
we want to show everyone we‘re better
than a 3-4 team. Even in our school people
have been coming up to me and saying. ‘1
hear Hofstra’s ranked sixth. you guys are
going to get killed.’ Well, 1 think we could
beat Hofstra."

The idea is not that inconceivable.
though. Hofstra does have an undefeated

tience and poise and spent most of the se-
cond half in Vassar’s end of the ﬁeld.

“Our passing game has been improving
every week and it worked exceptionally
well against Castleton and Vassar,” ex-
plained Head Coach Amy Kidder.

The game went into overtime and
Lazarides broke the scoreless tie with an
unassisted goal, her sixth of the season
which sailed over the outstretched hands
of Vassar's keeper. This goal fired the
team up and they played aggressively for
the remainder 'of the overtime.

Their hard work resulted in Stam
booting a cannon shot from 20 feet out to
provide an insurance goal. it was a

- physical game in which players were lackl-

ing hard and ﬁghting for every ball. it was
the kind of win that every team savors.
The game against Castleton on Monday
was also a good win for the Danes. Sue
Frost opened up the scoring at 39:49 of the
first half with an assist from Lazarides.
The team took a 1-0 lead into the locker-

r....r";. ,wmmwu

OCTOBER 26, 1984

7-0 record compared to Albany’s 3-4 clip.‘ ‘

And the Dutchmen’s defense has allowed
an average of just 11 points a game. Still, it
is believed by many, that the strength of
their schedule has-plenty to do with their
success.

“if they played lthaca, New Haven,
Springfield, Southern Connecticut, and
Norwich." said Coach Bob Ford, “l'm
sure they wouldn't be undefeated. l’m not
saying that all the teams they play are
humpty-dumpty, but many of them are.”

“1 don't think their schedule is that
‘easy’," added safety Ray' Priore. “But
their ’schedule is not nearly as tough as
ours. We’ll be one of the toughest teams
they’ll play all year.” ’

The Dutchman offense is led by a
former UCLA quarterback Tom
McLaughlin, who has completed 139
passes for 11 touchdowns and 1103 yards.
He’s been the media darling of the New
York City tabloids all season.

“He's an excellent thrower.” said Ford.
“1 don't know if he’s the best quarterback
we’ve faced this season. That kid from
New Haven (Paul Kelly) was real good."

The Dutchmen’s top recievcr is split cnd
Emil Wohlgemuth. He has caught 42
passes for 685 yards and five touchdown
passes.

Needless to say, the Danes defenSe will
have to generate some sort of pass rush to
stop the Dutchman passing attack. But the
defense is hurting.

18>

two games

room at halftime and returned to play
what Kidder called, “their best half this
season.” -r

Kosalek scored at 9:05 of the second
half and Lazarides ended the scoring with
a goal at 19:18.

The Danes began their final week of
play in Plattsburgh last Friday where they
lost by a score of 3-1. The officiating was
the cause of some controversy according to
Kidder.

“They would tackle our players and we
wouldn't get the call and everytime we
touched them they would," said Kidder.
“it seemed like our players were fighting
against the referees as much as they were
against Plattsburgh."

Much of this season has been a learning
experience for the Danes, who will field
almost the identical team next year. Beset
by a gruelling schedule. the team became
closer as the season progressed and now
some small dividends are bein seen.

The women's soccer team will play Union In their last game at the season.

 

 

9' ALB
STUB YT
PRESS

 

t

A TION.

TueSdayf'

October so, 1934'

NUMBER 35

 

Joan Mondale at Empire State Plaza

“It is so clear that he (Mondale) knows what Ill—"S talking about and he knows what he's doing?“

 

DAVID SlRlCh L'F‘S

Joan Mondale tells crowd at Plaza
Dems have now taken momentum

By Michelle Busher
SI Ill 11 kll'l'lt'

Strcssing Democratic Party unity. Joan Mon-
dale. wife of Democratic Presidential candidate
Walter F. Mondale. addressed a crowd of over
1.000 at the Empire State Plaza Friday.

Waving an “i Love New York" sign to the crowd
of mostly Walter Mondale supporlcrs. Mondale
spokc slowly and confidently in support of her
husband.

“The last time i saw Frit: was in Kansas City
after the sccond debate," she said. “it is so clear
that he knows what he is talking about and he
knows what he’s doing,“ she said.

Mondale said she doesn't believe in thc polls
which show President chgan with a large [end over
Walter Mondale. “The race really began after the
first dcbatc." she said. “and we‘ve really got the
momentum."

“The stakes couldn’t be higher." said Mondale.
“It’s a matter of solving our problems or preten-
ding they don't exist; Arms control or a continued
arms race; justice for all or advantages for some;
and most importantly," site said. “a choice bet-
wcen leadership or salesmanship.“

Not all those attending were Mondale supporters.
however. A few “Reagan for President" posters in~
filtrach the crowd whilc Mondale supporters at-
lcmptcd to hide them behind Mondale-Ferraro
signs. '

One holder of a Reagan pester. Rich Sitiotis
chairman of Students for Reagan at SUNY said.
“We're just pcncnhly showing ottr disagreement.
These things can be kind of one sided."

“We‘re just showing another point of view. We
can't forget the polls have favored Rcugun two to
one." he noted.

Congressman Sam Stratton. introducing Mon~
dale as the next First Lady of America, said Albany
has a history of not believing in election polls. “The
only one we believe is the poll when we cast ottr
votes on election day." he said.

Mondale said, "we are strong and tnorc unitcd
than we've ever been in the past. It has been
Reagan‘s policy that brought us iogcthcr," she add-
ed. “Wc can thank him for that.“

Focusing on some of the issues in the campaign.
Mondale asked the crowd, “do you want the man
who cut (education) funds by 40 percent to be in

14>

Poll concludes Ivy Leaguers prefer Mondale

Ithaca. NY
(AP) More than half the students sttrvcyed on seven
ivy League collcgc campuses think Democratic can-
didate Walter Mondale should be the next president
of the United Slatcs. according to a poll conducted
by the schools‘ strident newspapers.

The poll showed Mondale had a 19 percentage-
point advantage over Republican President Ronald
Reagan.

ll also indicated that Reagan had tnorc titan
doubled the support he rcccivcd in a similar poll
{our years ago when lvy League students supported
lndcpcndcnt candidate John B. Anderson for
president. ‘

“We heard that there was a growing amount of
conservatism on campuses and we expected there
would be an increase in support for Reagan." said
Scott .lttschik. editor of the Cornell Daily Sun
which coordinated the poll.

of 1.626 tmdcrgrttduutcs polled hctwccn Oct. 9
and Oct. 12. 53 percent said they support Mondale
and J4 percent saic. they were in favor of Reagan.
The remaining students said lhcy supported other
candidates. didn't plan to vote or dcclincd to
answer the questions.

Each participating school. including Cornell,

Yale, Harvard. Princeton, Columbia. Brown. and
Pennsylvania. polled approximately 3 percent of its
undergraduates in the week following the first
presidential debate. _

The questions were asked over the phone and the
random satnpling used was generated by computer
from registrars' lists at cach school.

Jaschik said the statistical margin of error was
not computed for the poll. but scvcrttl Corncll pro-
fcssors familiar with polling said it had a margin of
error of plus or minus 5 percent.

The poll was published Monday in the Cornell
Daily Sun, the Brown Daily Herald, the Columbia
Spectator, the Daily Pennsylvanian, the Princeto-
nian. and the l’alc Daily News.

Reagan and Mondale were almost dcud cvctt at
three of the universities —- Pennsylvania. Brown
and Colutnhia ~ but Mondale clcarly won at Cor-
nell. Harvard, Yalcand Princeton. the poll showed.

At catch school, however. Rcugttn's support
doubled from 1980 poll results. .laschik said.

“Some people have said that bccausc Anderson
was in the race in 1980 that might account for the
increase. but we think most of Anderson's sup-
porters would have been for Carter if Anderson

~ 14>

 

No tuition hike slated for
.S'UN Y in 1985-86 budget

By Rick Swanson
rmnmru thlnl

The $1.19 billion budget
passed by the SUNY Board of
Trustees last week doesn't call
for a tuition hike — but that's
no guttrnntcc \Ittdclils won‘t be
paying more to go to school
next year.

Last year New York State
Govcrnor Mario Cuomo put a
$200 tuition incrcnsc in his
budget which had ttot been
proposed by the SUNY lioard
of Trustccs. 'l'hc proposal was,
ltoivcvcr. lttlcr dcfctttcd by thc
lcgislttturc.

l’urthcrmotc. tltc legislature
has. in past years, npprmcd
tuition hikes on their own.

The proposed budget. pass-
cd by the SUNY Board of
'l‘rustccs on October 2-1. will
now go before the gmctnor
and the State Division of the
liudgct for review. and finally
to the legislature next spring
for approval.

According to Harry K.
Spindlcr. SUNY Vice
Chancellor for Finance. lhc
budget proposal contains a $6
tnillion segment to upgrade
computer sysictm at the four
University,Ccntcrs located in
Albany. liingltomlon. liuffttlo
ttnd Stony llrook.

Uni\crsity spokcstnttn llugh
Tnoltcy said Iltc 198586 budget
proposal includes a 598.2
tttillion increase. up ninc pcr-
ccnt from thc 1984-85 budget.

The SUNY budget. proposed
for the 2‘) collcgc ctunpuscs and
.10 locally sponsorcd communi—
ty collcgcs. innainly mrgctcd
to prolch the current imcsi-
Incnt in thc stuff and physical
plant. according to SUNY
(‘hunccllor Clifton Wharton.

"We have Ittt'gctcd ottr
rcsourccs to mcct specific ob-
jcctivcs such as brotldcncd pro-
grams \\hic|t will coturibntc to
thc \ltltcs‘ economic dc\clop-
mum in such areas as cnginccr-
ittg arid technology." said
Wharton.

Wharton also announced last
\Vcdllc‘stlti)’ that. because of
Itcw lcgislution offering ittccn~
lives for early retirement. Ihcrc
\\ill be 2.900 possible curly
rctirccs throughout thc SUNY
system. Almost 250 SUNYA
faculty members are cligiblc for
the program.

Wharton said he plans to
urge SUNY cntployccs to take
advantage of the early retire-
merit package, made possible
by the law. which was signed by
Cnomo, in order to provide
tnorc etnploytnent oppor-

tunities for women. minorities
and disabled job applicants.

“This is an impressive op-
portunity to engage in affir-
mative action." Wharton
cxplttincd.

Assistant to SUNYA Vice
President for Academic Affairs
William Hcdbcrg said the new
lil\\ uill allow for more growth
in thc cntirc SUNY system.

“liopcl'ully thc program will
create a turnmcr" in the ad-
ministration and faculty. said
llctlhcrg. adding that at fcw
professors have already
dcclttrcd Ihcir inlcntion to
tctirc.

llcdbcrg said that besides
trying to recruit new pro-
fessors. the university is, “like
other institutions. looking for
ways to stnc funds."

"We are still a yottng univer-
sity." said l'lcdbcrg, “We are
rccogni/ing tt period of conti-
nuing fiscal troublc."

To be eligible for the early
rctircmcnt program. SUNY
employees must he 55 years old
by their rclircmcnt date and
must rctirc bctwccn ne 1.
1985 and Scptctnbcr 1,. l985.

 

 

nave asuen UPS
Harry K. Splndler

and must tlcclurc their intcn-
tion to retire ctu Iy by Dcccmbcr
1. I984. l~lcdhcrg said.

Assistant to SUNY \'icc
Chancellor of Finance and
Mututgcmcm Ronald Fink said
that last ycur's butlch included
:I tuition bike for out-of-sttuc
students only.

The 1083-34 budget charged
tittI-of-sltllc‘i's 51.125 for tui-
tion pcr scmcstcr. The 1984-85
budget raised the tuition fee for
out-of-statcrs to $1.600 per
scmcstcr.

“The governor was concern-
cd that out-of-statcrs were not
carrying the cost," said Fink.
defending Cuomo's decision to
approve a tuition bike for
students not front New York.

 

 

lNSlDE:

A profile of the can-
didates in the race for
NY State Assembly

 

 

 

