 

 

 

by Ian Spelling

n the annals of television history

there have been only a handful of

programs able to completely cap~
tivate and enrapture a viewing au-
dience. Included on this list of
luminaries are l Lorre Lucy. The
Twilight Zone. Bonanza. The Honey-
mooners. and Star Trek.

Lucille Ball. 'Rod Serllng. Lorne
Greene. and Jackie Gleason singularly
enjoyed the success of their respective
shows and reaped the benefits which
are inherent with popularity. This was
not the case for the crew of the Enter-
prise. They were a group of performers
working in unison. an ensemble. Cer-
tainly. William Shatner and Leonard
Nimoy firmly grasped the leads. but
subtract James Doohan. DeForest Kel-
ly. George Takei. Walter Koenig. and

 

adventure in space on Star Trek."

The headstrong fans wonl Star Trek
lived! Unfortunately. with the June 3.
1969 airing.of the episode Turnabout
Intruder. Star Trek faded into Nielson
ratings oblivion and vanished from the
screen. Drained from the first effort to
rescue the program. the organizers of
the letter-writing campaign were either
too weary or too involved with other
things to launch another. The show was
not to return again. Or was it?

What soon followed presented the
television establishment and especially
the NBC hierarchy with an un-
precedented phenomenon. Star Trek
actually gained momentum and
popularity in syndication. It was
defeating first-run. major netw0rk fare
in the all-important ratings. Star Trek

 

.rf IT.
1'

 

't M

even Nichelle Nichols. and the show
would lose much of its luster. Not until
long after the demise of the original
series did the members of the cast
secure proper recognition or even their
renumeratlon. '

When Star Trek was threatened with
cancellation '(after two years on the air)
a massive letter-writing campaign saved
the show. On March 1. 1968 Para‘
mount Studios proudy added the
following message to the credits of the
season's finale: "And now an an-

nouncement of interest to all viewers of
Star Trek. We are pleased to tell you
that Star Trek will continue to be seen
on NBC-Television. We know you will
be looking forward to seeing the weekly

 

    

somehow achieved greater success-after
its cancellation than most series receive
at the height of their popularity.
Beginning in 1973. conventions. with
cast members as guest speakers. culled
a new generation of fans. Twenty-twa
half hour episodes of an animated Star
Trek thrilled audiences: However. the
cartoons suffered the same fate as the
series. The ultimate death blow turned
out to be a posthumous Emmy. It seems
that any show worthy of being watched
disappears. leaving only an Emmy on
the producer's desk to show for his
endeavors. ‘
Years later. Paramount stunned the
world by announcing that Star Trek
would return as a series. Leonard

 

or Spockln Star

.—. wand -...,.....   ..........-....

' » new.» ul‘ﬁtltmr‘n -r.....r,-nm.¢m u" ‘ -_-— - ‘ " ' —--..   , -

\

 

Nimoy. the legendary Vulcan. Mr.
Spock. would not be beaming up to the
Enterprise to join his mates for their
latest adventures. The Broadway show
EQUUS required Nimoy's constant
presence. Producer Gene Roddenberry
develped a new character named
Lieutenant Xon (pronounced Zon).
another Vulcan. to fill the gap left by
Nimoy's untimely departure.

On November 21. 1977. just eight
days before production of Star Trek II.
the television series. was to comm-
mence. Paramount halted everything.
The top brass apparently recognized the
dollar signs suspended among the
planets. satellites. and starships roaming
the universe of science fiction fantasy.
With Star Wars and Close Encounters
leading the way. Star Trek would at-
tempt to cash in on the sci-fl film band-
wagon.

The cast and crew lived the life of a
yo-yo. Star Trek was going to be a
television show. then a low budget pic-
ture. then a middle budget televison
film. back to a series, and finally a major
motion picture with a multimillion dollar
budget. The final decision to produce
Star Trek - The Motion Picture came as
a suprise to the cast.

Star Trek - The Motion Picture
boasted no script. no director. and most
importantly. no Mr. Spock. Writers fill-
ed reams of paper with proposed plot
outlines. Names of possible directors
abounded: Steven Spielberg. George
Lucas. George Roy Hill. Francis Ford
Coppola. Robert Wise. and William
Friedkin among them. And still. no
Spock.

Then came a day which many fans
were not soon to forget. On March 28.
1978 a press conference took place. At
this meeting Robert Wise (The An<
dromeda Strain. The Day the Earth
Stood Still) entered the twilight zone of
media history. He had signed on to
direct the 15 million dollar production of
Star Trek - The Motion Picture. Wise
became the man who controlled the
destiny of one of America's favorite
pastimes. quite a large responsibility
eyen for a director of Wise's stature.

More important to the fans of Star
Trek. Leonard Nimoy attended the con-
ference. He had signed a contract the
previous afternoon. Said Nimoy. “1 Cer-
tainly wouldn't want anybody else to
play Spock. or Star Trek happening
without Spock." Spock had not yet
been written into the script; in fact. Star
Trek - The Motion Picture still lacked a
script. Many were to joke that the film
never found one.

 

On January 26. 1979. after 125
days. principal photography ended.
Special effects found their way onto the
celluloid later. after much haggling over
high costs. When the film debuted to a
critical lashing Paramount Studios shud-
dered. At stake were the loss of a poten-
tially lucrative future audience and
countless millions of dollars.

A somewhat disappointed legion of
fans nevertheless purchased tickets two
and three times each. The repeaters
who could not get enough were the
saviors of the film. and. whether or not
they realize it. may have been the hand
that forced Paramount to clean up their
act and produce more quality Star Trek
fare. The film cost in the fifty million
dollar range. and needed to earn a

steep hundred million just to break
even. incredibly enough. that number
was reached and quickly surpassed.
Star Trck's World-wide popularity enabl-
ed it to jump from deep in the red to
sh \ ' in the black.

’; nr nnl knew it sill owned the
rigt. iii a red-hot commodity and also
that they owed loyal fans something
better. in 1982 Star Ter If - The Wrath
of Khan swept across the screens of
America. Finally. the patient fairs had
something they could proudly call their
own: a Wonderful story enhanced by
uniformly solid and synrpathatic pcrfon
mances and several bittersweet ironies.
Fantasy Island's insipid Mr. Rourke
transformed into the vengeful
superhuman rogue. Khan. Ricardo
Maltalban magnificently reprised Khan
from his role in the episode Space Seed
(February 16. 1967).

While Star Trek II was actually a

bloated televison episode. it handily)

sated the hunger of its ravenous fans.
But the aformentioned bitter ironies
frightened many of the faithful. Mr.
Spock. who had seemed to wisen. even
mellow. and become more human than
ever. died. With the belief that the
needs of the many outweigh the needs
of the few. or even the one. Spock
perished saving the crew of the Enter-
prise.

Spock's lifeless body was placed in a
sarcophagus and jettisoned from the
starship. The film L’IitlL‘d with the long.
shiny black coffin resting peacefully
among the foliagtr of the beautiful planet
lnadvertenly brought to life by Project
Genesis. (Genesis allowed inanimate
objects to live: it created life where there
was none before.)

Nicholas Meyer (who later directed
the controversial Day After) successfully
directed Star Trek II. but he would not
be back at the helm of the second se-
quel. To the surprise of many. Leonard
Nimoy was signed to direct Star Trek Ill
- The Search For Spock . Most people
felt that Nimoy agreed to appear in the

‘new film only if he were handed the

directorial reins. This may well be true.
but who better to direct? Nimoy's vast
knowledge of Star Trek lore is obvious.
Also. he has had some experience
directing (he directed an episode of
friend William Shatner's police draina-
adventure series T..l. Hooker).

Mr. Spock shall return. although his
appearance will directly contrast
anything possibly imagined.

Walter Koenig's Chekov received the
largest amount of screen time and
character depth he had ever been given
during The Wrath of Khan. In Star Trek
Ill. Delforest Kelly's l')r "Bones" Mc»
Coy will become the central focus of
Nimoy's cameras Mark Lenard. who
played Spock's lather. Snrek. on the
series. returns to (rid the search for his
son. Christopher Lloyd (Reverend Jim
on Taxi) disappears behind a face full of
makeup in his role as an evil Klingon,
James B. Sikking (Lt. Howard Hunter
on Hill Street Blues) has a small part as
a starship Commander Expect to see
several other familiar faces in small roles
or quickie cameos and lots of
throwbacks to the series.

According to a spokesman for Para-
mount Studios. Star Trek Ill - The
Search For Spock took only 49 days to
shoot and was brought in on time and
was underbudget. ($16 million.)

 

 
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
 

Leonard Nimoy has said. "the most
important thing 1 can tell you about Star
Trek III is that It is a very powerful story
about friendship and what friends will
do for each other.

“This film goes to the very heart of
the relationship of these people - Kirk.
Scotty. Suiu. McCoy. Chekov. and
Uhura...nl| of them... will be asked to
make sacrifices in the hope that they
can help the man who was their friend."

Concerning whether or' not Spock is
indeed alive. Nimoy has said “we are
not discussing-the question of whether
or not Spock returns in the film. or even
if we find him. what form he may take.
The title suggests something. it suggests
that there is something about Spock's
condition."

Since the first episode. The Man Trap
(Sept. 8. 1966). Star Trek has spawned

millions of fans. clubs. dollars. and also
many careers. But the business end of
the Star Trek phenomenon concerns no
real fair. Emotional payoff. be it a smile
or a tear. is what matters. Creator Gene

Roddenberry's wisdom and

humanitarianism transfers beautifully to.

the screen. even the screens of the mind
and imagination for which it was intend-

ed.

Each viewer enjoys a particular
episode more than another (or reasons
that are purely personal. Those who en»
joy the humor of the shr nv usually select
The Trouble Willi Trihblcs as their
favorite. Serious trekkcrs choose The
City on the Ifrigc of Frrruttt'r orA Private

   
  

Little War. And fantasy fanciers fancy
Shoreleaue. an episode which com-
bines all of the elements that make Star
Trek a classic. even eighteen years after
its inception.

Logically. Star Trek will continue in
syndication and hopefully on film.
Whether or not a Star Trek IV is in the
offing will not be known for a while.
Walter Koenig insists that there will be
another. with product-um commencing
as early as June 1984. This is quite
unlikely. although a fourth picture is be-
ing considered. Leonard Nimoy ls kick-
ing around script ideas and has offered
his services as director again, Even if a

'Stnr Trek lV does not come to pass. the

show and its ensuing motion pictures‘
legacy to society will be their humanity
and deep-rooted meaning. Star Trek is
a business venture, but in the process of

 

 

 

earning its backers millions of dollars it
always did. does. and will look to the
future optimistically. with a commmit-
ment to love and peace even in times as
troubled as today's.

Sr), in conclUsion. it must be said that
Star Trek was more than just a series on
TV and film. it is one of those rare
phenomena that makes points as valid
today as they were years ago. And will
still be valid in the 23rd century.

Star Trek Ill ‘ The Search [or Spock
opens June 1. 1984.
The series can be seen on WXXA
Channel 23 weekdays at 6:30 pm.
Special thanks to Ed Egan at Para-
mount for all of his help.

m. ~ 11..

 

 

 

 

