    
  
  
   

 

 

 

 *3 “3' r1“.- sr'ﬁ he.

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. I'Nfll'v-i’dﬁidl“  I

 

 

 At The Egg

:11 "Saturday, September 8, was the third of a
"four day celebration honoring Kennedy,
5 author of the Pulitzer Prize winning novel,
l-Ironweed.'-Kennedy,' a professor of jour-
' inalism at the State University of New York
. at Albany, spoke to an enthusiastic crowd
of 'Writer’s Institute patrons, ‘ fans, col-
leagues,“ and friends who attended the
main theatre at the Egg at 8:00 pm.

 

 .

omewhere in the midst of 450 people,
60 Minute crews, and .Albanian
reporters (including two slightly
overawed ASPies), a humble voice reveals,
"I don’t have to say I come from Loudon-
ville anymore. I can say I come from Albany
now.”

William Kennedy may not have bUilt

Albany by himself, but when he brought

the Pulitzer Prize within city limits he
transformed it from what The New York
Times called, “A quiet sleepy place, once
the symbol of provincialism and archaic
politics, into an integral part of the literary
world.” .

“He has completely destroyed the myth
that nice guys finish last,” said Mayor
Thomas Whalen. ' .

While this in fact may be true, everyone
didn’t always treat Kennedy as a nicely as
they have this week.

"People aren’t usually nice to writers,”
Kennedy admitted behind the podium of
the Egg last Saturday, ‘fand never this nice
unless they’re certiflably dead.” . -

' William Kennedy is not wearing a pine
overcoat. He was given. his _bre'ad butter

‘side up when a representative of the

Capital Newspapers, where Kennedy spent
his salad days as a political reporter,
presented him with a $20,000 check, $5,000
of which was donated by former colleagues
at the Capital Newspapers. The rest of the
money was donated by those who attend-
ed a reception in Kennedy's honor, who
paid $25.00 a ticket‘to get in. Nice guy
reporters, by the way, got in free.

Freel? Find it‘hard to believe that two
Aspies got in free? Well, picture this, you
are a reporter; therefore you dress like one,
i.e., jeans, sneakers, and yes, no money.
You're heading up to the Egg to report on
Kennedy’s speech (the free one), but when
you get there, you start hearing talk about'
how it's twenty-five dollars to get in.

You (actually I) give Keenan a look, since
he’s the brains behind this little screwup,
and it's not a nice look, since it’s a long
walk to the Egg to see nothing.

He looks worried, but fishes around in
his wallet until he comes up with a piece a
paper. Closer inspection shows it to be an
ASP press pass. "Let's try this.”

Hope springs eternal. “Sure! They’ll let
us in with that, won'ttheyt" . ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

He looks at me. “Not a chance.”

Well, first big surprise of the night-
You’re shooed inside with a grin. Perhaps

the folks in black tie and tails are feeling

sorry for you. Then...

The second big surprise of the night. This
is not a speech. . .not yet, anyway. It’s a
benefit for Kennedy’s Writer's Institute.
Senators. Authors. Everybody (since you’re
both English majors) who are going to
decide whether you are ever going to
graduate or not. .

Keenan‘s looking decidedly antsy. “Oh,
this is sweet. We’re gonna make a good im-
pression for the ASP here alright. We look

Special thanks to Arnold LeFevre 0

1’3 used lnthls centerfold. Pho
W08 phs beam-l

V Polnte of Gpital Newspapers. T

 

l

        
 

i

like we're just strolling in from Hamilton
drive to beg quarters.”

"Calm yourself.”

it's the fourth of July under the press
lights. A Newsday reporter sits in the back
of the reception area, quietly taking notes.
Newsday? Newsdayl? This is a real live
news story and you are in shlumpware!

Keenan looks over at me warily. "I've
never felt so out of place in my entire life.”

"Of course not. These people are all
good writers.”

All right. It was a good line, but you’re
both out of place, and you both know it. So
does everybody else you encounter. The
buzz of conversation sounds like a 1984

 

 

» 'awa rds,

Enjoying the extravaganza was Paul W.
Wallace, Dean of Humanities and Fine Arts.
When asked what he thOught Kennedy’s
success [would do for the ' University,

Wallace said, ~ "The success of Kennedy is.-
the success of the University as well. 'His,
presence ,_ has allowed us to- get a‘.

Schweitzer chair and hireToni‘Morrison.”

- ﬂowery who 1- wills'si‘oih‘ the University

facUltyéin- lanuary, has won much critical
acclaim for her'works. In 1977 she: received

‘ _ 5;. the, National Book Critics Circle award for
Song of Solomon. In 1978 she received MO >
The Cleveland Arts? .Prize in;

Literature and The Distinguished Writer
Award of 1978 from the American Academy
of Arts and Letters. 1 
Despite the MacArthur Fellowship, the
Pulitzer Prize, and writing the screenplay
Cotton Club with Francis Ford Coppola,
Kennedy "is terribly modest, but terribly
excited about it,” according to Nancy Lid-
dle, Director of SUNYA’S Art Gallery. Even
after Mayor Wha/en declared September
1984 as William Kennedy month, Kennedy
continued his string of anecdotes, poking

fun at the whole event. "For purposes’of "

sanity, I’m going to go through this whole

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

\ by Michelle Kraft; « s

with “John Keaton;

  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

_J

 

 

 

 

 

ll

MI York’s Capital Newspapers for the
re aedlted to LeFevre, Knlskem, and La- ,
t is credited to LaPolnte.

 

 

.‘at

is

A \

version of The Swarm. The woman with
Paloma Picasso earings gives you the ol’
up-down eye routine as you gingerly place
a few appetizers onto a plate (Ok, maybe

, more than a few.)

Half the SUNYA English department is at

l the gathering. Although you are the fruits
’ of their labor, most of them probably wish
'you’d seen fit to where a tie and slacks (if

you’re John), or a dress (if you’re me).
Honest, guys, we thought we were going to
a speech! You know, in the dark? ln seats?
Pick up a little unpretentious culture? Feel
very embarrassed, but ignore it; get tough
and professional. Kennedy, Kennedy;
where is he? >

“Um, Michelle?”

“What?”

"ls that Kennedy?”

“The guy in the middlv‘ of all the bright
press lights?”

“Yeah.”

Ah ha! So much for tough profes-
sionalism. I will never wash my right hand
again. Even in my jeans and ratty sneakers,
Bill Kennedy shook my hand. A 56 year-old
gentleman. Wine, more wine. (Play,

gypsiesl)
John pushes his way through the crowd,

week as if it were a work of fiction.”

'feel comfortable again.

 

toward me. “I talked to him,” he says.

"So did I. What did you say?”

“Something stupid, inane and probably
really garbled. I’m sure it was nothing a
Pulitzer prize winner needed to hear. But at
least now no one can say I was afraid to go
up to him.”

“Why be afraid?" I almost shout at him.
Editor or _not, the kid can be a putz
sometimes.”

He shrugs,
cowardice?”

Surprise number three is waiting for us
as we enter'the main auditorium of the Egg.
Keenan has somehow managed to
misplace the ticket that was given to him
free at the door, so we decide to try the
press pass again. However, before Keenan
can even deepen his voice (to say "John
Keenan, Albany Student Press” in a
suitably mature sounding baritone), the
usher sees the pass and waves us in with a
grin. "Asp? We got the word on you," he
says as he hands me a program.

grinning. “Natural

"What do you suppose the word was?".

Keenan murmurs as we enter the (dark)
auditorium and my denim jacket begins to
“That we were
dressed like schleppst"-'-.. ~

   

 

 

4__...l

 

"“ ‘* w- wwamm...” -...n., . . 

 
  
  
 
  
  
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
       
       
         
       
        
        
        
     
    
       
            
    
 

 

.-...,.,u,‘~.- . -. ...

.. .m.,-,_,a‘ , j

  

 

 

