    

       
  
 
    

 

   
  
 
    

 

 

 

 

  
   
 

 

 

  

        

EXAM“!-

 t 'r'n

:zzirirt"  I I ‘ -_ ‘

"6iy'o'ii'ever get the feeling that this is really one big
’ riess school? . _. . _ .. _ .. ....

. etﬁthe feeling that

leathebusiness, and

cofit? . 1

  

h “loo  ther of these scenarios is wholly true.
the u' if rally. is trying .to come totemis with this dilemma

of buei‘nessys. the humanities and social sciences. And as
as result, anthropology majors .are' being forced to '

sacrifice.,a'-part of their education 'for the beneﬁt of ~

business majors. a

Thisfali, Cultural Anthropology (ANT 200) has been
opened up ,to business majors needing to fulfill 
social science requirements. The content of the course his
been changed to accommodate business students, and the
class has now doubled in size. a 

‘ The department also plans to addlahother course to its

springtischedule. Anthropology of Work is being in-  . I —
t . . .but at whose expense?

' - v From the other side of the coin, Anthropology ma~

troduc'e'diin part to attract and'accoinmodate business
majors. _

Good for busmes_s,~ . .

Any effort to broaden the horizons of our business

‘ majors should be commended. One of the great educa-

tional failures of the past several years has been the in-

COLUMN
Debates make

Last Sunday morning i watched another repetetive
news story on the election. 1 saw the candidates debate
advisors debate one another on a talk show. i heard of
another poll and another poll; all reminding me that per-
sonality and image are all that seems to really matter in
this presidential race. Along with to many others. i have
felt desensitized, unable to ﬁnd my once constant
political energy, and unable to get excited about the
Democratic party which i have always found the least in-
sufﬁcient and often the more positive of parties.

  
   

23?.” J93 '5? ~- "' "

esslfmajors ~

ability to teach business students anything besides
business ._— like ‘reading comprehension. basic _com-

*munication skills. and interpersonal relations.

The anthropology department is ‘a perfect place to send
students who need a more humanistic touch in their
education. Cultural Anthropology is. a course that ex-_

,plores the. diversity'of the human condition. it's the kind

of course that can open the minds of business students.
and stimulate them to think about life outside the world

' of management and marketing.

Think about it politically. Learning cultural an-
thropology, among other subjects, might prevent the cor-
porate leaders 'of tomorrow from becoming the ruthless.
proﬁt-obsessive. exploitative barons who often dominate

‘ the business world.

From this perspective. we must commend the Business
and Anthropology departments for joining in this cause
to humanize the world of business education.

jars are really being hurt by this plan. Some have com-
plained that the course has degenerated from a serious
study of the human condition to something resembling a
museum tour geared towards the general public.

.. ..........<»-n~.~

The professor who teaches the course admits to having
altered the readings and. lectures speciﬁcally to cater to

business students. Although this course is required for an.

thro. majors. they have been mid they can-samehow
make up for this lost education later on. More likely, they
will have to play catch-up in their more difficult 300 and
400 level courses. ‘

The Anthropology dept. has enjoyed an excellent
reputation and is highly rated. Will it be able to.absorb
this invasion of business majors and still maintain these
high standards? it’s a small department, and it may have
to sacrifice some of its academic integrity to accom.
modate these changes. From the looks of this lerm's ANT
200, that sacriﬁce has already begun.

What it comes down to is that this university. with all
its good intentions, is putting the business school ahead
of everyone else. Maybe that acc0unts for the feeling that
a lot of people come here to get degrees and jobs, but not
a meaningful education.

This is really a case of backwards priorities. Learning
about businessshould be the least important item on any
student’s agenda. Making money belongs as an after-
thought. an unfortunate side effect of being human which
we haven't yet been able to cure. We give it too much im-
portance already.

We applaud the effort to give business majors the taste
of a real education. But this cannot be done at the ex-
pense of those who wish to learn for the sake of
knoWledge and understanding, and not for the sake of
proﬁt. [i]

Mondale the choice - y . i

From the start he put Reagan on the defensive. Along
with my company i was shocked to see the President fre-
quently lose his composure. On many questions. par-
ticularly after Mondale attacks, his voice became
unsteady as he lapsed or stuttered over his words. When it
came to Social Security and other social programs.
Reagan appeared increasingly uncomfortable, at times
almost portraying a sense of guilt. Once he went through
his familiar script. he struggled to directly explain why
many of his cuts were not harmful. Periodically he would

 

Jonathan T.K. Cohen

So. while i watched the presidential debates, i expected
little. imagining beforehand that all i really wanted to see
was how well each of them would perform. 1 assumed
that the president would, as usual. shine his way through,
and that perhaps i might find a way to better appreciate
Mondale. But to my great surprise, i watched as Mondale
not only showed a greater grasp of the facts and issues but
in every way possible went on to thoroughly “out per-
form” the accepted master of political "performance".
But since Mondale is not the naturally dynamic speaker
nor the amiable personality of Mr. Reagan. his success re-
quired the clear enunciation of positions and principles
more impressionable than mere imagery. Unlike Reagan.
for Mondale to appear more attractive. he had to clearly
win on substance too. . .

himself by retreating into his comman slogans
and cliches. but they lackedlt‘he‘grace and charm of his
typical press performances. While he appeared to look
weaker and older as the debate wore on. Mondale’s con-
fidence grew as he afﬁrmed his positions in a clear and
firm voice. He frequently criticized the president for the
growing budget deﬁcits along with cuts in Social Security,
Medicare. education and housing. As the give and take
continued. Reagan tried to shy away from many of his
more extreme positions regarding abortion and school
prayer. in addition to admitting that he could at some
point consider some form of tax iiicrcace if the deficits
failed to decrease. With regard to leadership questions,
Mondale was able to criticize the administrations failure
to provide sufficient security against terrorist attacks in
Lebanon. Even when Reagan had his chance to conclude
the evening with a powerful closing statement. he
floundered, at times evem pausing to concede that

perhaps some people are worSe off....that perhaps some
people have been hurt by his policies.

Throughout the debate Mondale tried to remind us that
we must not forget thetvalues and concerns which far
transcend our pocketbooks. While some Americans may
be better off relative to what they have in the bank. com—
pared to four years ago. the overall quality and diversity
of American life has been increasingly ignored, somehow
relegated to and abstraction which this administation has
gradually brought out of the realm of political dialogue.
While Reagan has been successful with a vision of
patriotism based on an cstabiiShedWradition of collective
self interest, Mondale was effective in relating his specific
policy proposals to a vision based on human compas-
sion. fairness and quality. While we could all find it plea-
sant to have faith in a jovial, optimistic leader who claims
that all is being cared for. Mondale reminded us that
Reagans budget cuts are REAL. that the beautiful hous-
ing project which the President proudly had his picture
taken in front of. would not be there if his proposed cuts
went through. that the diversion of one trillion dollars for
space weapons will not make any of us safer. and that our
enviromental and educational quality cannot be cared for
with benign neglect and a smile.

So to my surprise, the debate turned out. not to be just
another means to a cynical. objective analysis but Ll
reminder that there is a large and important choice in
this election.

 

 

 

 

 

W W.
Colooa Press Service

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

{ 

: Typlsil: Dabble Adolmann. Erica D'Adano. Jeannine ulsnuzzo. Sarah Evoland.

 

--«.i.¢.~_....c. .....

i.-..

".‘."ii‘   ,
. I I . I '

Minorities important .

To the‘Edltor: .

This letter is in response to a letter to the Editor in the
October 5, I984 edition of the ASP. As a concerned stu-
dent and the Minority Affairs Coordinator for the Stu-
dent Association l thought that i must reply to the blatant
ignorance expressed in that letter.

issues concerning minorities have been abandoned by
the ASP for years. Presently, since the ASP has been
printing columns that are of interest to minority students.
they are deemed unnecessary and excessive.

There has suddenly been an urge on campus for the
right to freedom of speech. if we cannot express ourselves
in the ASP. then where is our freedom? I think the
students on our campus should just sit back and think
about how this freedom of speech is helping to show the
diversity of the SUNYA campus and hopefully showing
that SUNYA is changing from its old conservative views
to a more liberal attitude that is necessary in a
predominantly white and heterosexual institution.

—Eric R. Bowman
Minority Affairs Coordinator

Yellow journalism

To the Editor:

in the ASP’s “More than Black and White" editorial,
our school newspaper brings a new example to the con-
cept of irresponsibility in journalism. The title is ap—
propriate, because the ASP does not look beyond their
black and white absolutes; moreover, what is most unner-
ving is that they failed to get their facts straight, or even
attempt to.

In the process. they defamed Ross Abelow and got the
facts about his appointment all wrong. if you check Cen-
tral Council minutes oflast week, there is no bill with Mr.
Abelow's name on it. Our noble newspaper also proceed-
ed to defame and misrepresent the Student Association
and the report of internal Affairs committee. I know that
the author of this editorial was not present at the Central
Council meeting in question or at any meeting of the in-
ternal Affairs Committee. They didn’t even have the

aspectS'

 

Elllblllhld IIi Mild
David L.L. Lsalin. Editor In Cnisi
Jarry Camplona. Managing Editor

 
   

News Editor.. Heidi Gralla
Associate N Sullivan
ASPocta Edllo ohn Keenan

  

Fusco. Michelle Kreil

 ......Tom Kacandas
Inn Spoiling

.Marc Barman, Kollh Mardor

Joa
Books Editor.. ..

"on" can...
Sparta Edllorl.................

Associate Sports Edllor..
Editorial Pages Editor 
Conlribuilng Editors Dean Balz. Bob Gardlnlor. Mark Gosnar, Patricia Mll-
cheil. Wayne Peareboom. Llaa Slraln, Editorial Assisi-nil: Alicia Clmbora,
Flick Swanson. Stall writers: Tom Bergen, Mlcholio Bustier. Jeanne Canavan.
Marla Carllno. Leslie Chair, Johanna Clancy. Kovln Clarke. lan Clumonis.
Bolia Dzamba, Cnlhlaon Errlg, Ronald Brant Gorslan. Judy Goschwind. Bob
Hnnlon, Eric Hindin. Norma Koo. Alice McDarinoll, Lisa Mirabella, John
Parker. Christina Reilail. Joe Romano, Krlsllne Sauor, Michael Skolnlck,
Parry Tlachler, Mlko Turkady. Ilana Wolnsloln, John Wlimoll Spectrum and
Events Editor: Rina Young Artist: Steve Bryson

   

   

"‘1:
a.
2:
g:
as
is
an
a
t.

  

Judy Tor-l. Business Manager
Lynn Saravia, Assoclaio Business Manager
Jane Hirsch. Advanlslng Manager
Mike Kilimar. Sales Manager

 

 

 

Billing Handao Bahar
, r nnv Paras:
Clo-allied Il-n-n-r Fllnnn Shoshan
as..." m. Mark Catalano

 

Advertising Sales: Denise Boyailan. Marc Hobarman. Sue Klein. Slave Lult.
Judy Nuasbaum, Scott Rein, David Wlllmoll. Advertising Production: Elaine
Friadar, Marc Hobarrnan, Moira Kollall. Sharon Okun, Lynn Selgot. Ollch
Sllll: Christine Blnghl, Linda Delgado, Fran LoBasso. Marjorie Rosenlhal

Susan Kenl, Production Manager
Jannilsr Hayden. Assoc/ale Producllon Manager

Pull-up: Adam S. Englo, Patricio Glannola, Peggy Kellnar. Slephon
Rudolphﬁhauilourl: Warren Hurwllz. Richard Sharldan

  Lancoy Hayman

Lisa Glombrona, Ellan Karaalk. Pam Straubor
Photography prlnolpllly supplied by University Pholo Service. I Iludant
rou .

Chlei Photographer: EricaSplogoi UPS Stall: Amy Cohan. Lynn Drolius. Cindy
Galway. Adam Ginsberg. Kenny Kirsch, Robert Liickoy. Joa Schwondar. Liso
Simmons. Robert Saucy. Warren stout, David Sirick

Enllra contents copyright 1984 Albany Student Pia-I Corporation. all rights
rnlarvad.

The Albany Sludnnl Press is puhlishud Tuesdays and frloays boiwoon
August and June by the Albany Sludonl Prose Corporation. an lnduponoont
‘ notvlor-proill corporation.

Editorials are written by the Editor in Chlol with members oi the Editorial
Board: policy to subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy
does not nacossarliy roilaci editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Pross, CC 329
1400 Washington Ave.
AIbInY. NY ‘2222
(are) 457-58921332213389

 

 

 

 

 

.il'

 good sense to talk or‘list

committee. .

Why does our school's main voice in print take as a
given that four white males cannot evaluate a black
women when they know neither the males or the woman
and-didn't bother to try. Where is the evidence? The facts?
Or are these little trivialitles not the ASP’s concern? How
can, our school newspaper accuse internal Affairs of
racism and discrimination and judge Laura Johnson
qualiﬁed when they did not report any of what happened
in her interview? it is this attitude of being wrong or being
right simply because of color that sets a dangerous prece-
dent for this University.

Unfortunately. this misinformation and defameation
in reporting is not an isolated occurance. When it comes
to Central Council. the ASP very rarely gets the facts
right or bothers to report them at all! Researching and in-
terview techniques must be taboo up in the ASP ofﬁce.
The travesty of all this is that the paper refuses to ever ad-
mit that they might be wrong.'lf even the NY Times can
admit error, is it above our own school publication? i
hardly think so. in recent Central Council reports, you
would think the legislation is run by Schaffer and Aulet-
la. The UAS/.Laura Johnson issue was covered in a
haphazard and misinformative manner. The debate‘was

‘ not covered in a complete and unbiased manner.
However, this is nothing new. '

i am outraged that the ASP. an example of yellow and
irresponsible journalism at its best. has the audacity to
criticize SA policies and practices which have created
giant gains in minority issue awareness, recruitment and
has tried to make our student association committed to
fairness; even though they themselves have not shown a
consistent practice of responsibility and fair representa-
tion of the facts that any reputable publication would
pride themselves on. i am ashamed for the ASP. and i
believe our University community deserves better.

—Steven Russo
Internal Affairs Chairman

NYPIRG helps voters

To the Editor:

it is now time for students to lake the next step — now
is our chance to make our votes count in the November
election. Who are your representatives. how do they
stand on the issues that are important to you as a student
and citizen — the armsrace. WOmen‘s rights. toxic waste.
tuition hikes? We can learn how to hold representatvies
accountable for the decisions th'é'y’Ve made on the matters
that affect our lives — NYPIRG has helped to register
over 5.000 students to vote in Albany. and NYPIRG can
help students take the next step to make our votes into
voices for student activism and student concern —
Awareness is the Key!

NYPlRG will be holding a Student Activism Forum on
October 17 in Lecture Center 1 at 7:30 to giver everyone
at SUNY Albany the information and opportunity to take
that next step. and become active in the political process.
Participation as a voter can mean much more than simply
going to the polls on election day — turning voter
registration into voter education is sludents’ key to mak-
ing a strong impact on the direction and responsiveness of
our government. Student activism is essential to the
health and vitality of the political system — and student
activism is alive and well here at SUNY Albany. Join us
- Take the Next Step.

—Jane Hawksley
NYPIRG State Board of Directors

Gays have rights

To the Editor:' -

A response is due the previous letters by Joseph Patrick
Sullivan ill and Phillip Giguere who suggest that the
“useless” Gay organizations on campus and elsewhere
are a source of shame, have no place in the military and
should divorce itself from “the real American way of
life.”

A university, especially if it is ours. is an institution
wherein diverse ideas. cultures, peoples and lifestyles are
focused so that an exchange of such diversity may occur.
Exposure to such diversity enriches and enhances our
educational experience. Whether you choose to recognize
itor not. there are gay men and women on campus and in
the rest of America. Yes Virginia. there are homosexuals.

No minority organizations serve a useless function in a
university, or elsewhere. They exist as a forum ofsupport
for its members. and as a means through which they may
educate others. Contrary to your beliefs. there is no ma-
jority on this campus —- we are individuals who are uni-
quc unto ourselves, with different interests, different con-
cerns. different ideas and different beliefs. As such. each
of us is an integral part of this university and are depen-
dent upon one another to enlighten and and inform; to
celebrate our differences so that we may learn, and to
respect these differences so that we may not prejudice our
actions. '

.to. any o'f‘the members of the. ‘

   

s. ‘&

 

 

 

 17*: 2 .§ ' r ,:  ,z , l  :51}.
‘lf there is‘ "an American way" (ind “In,” 

not one. but an, inﬁnite number). then it is thrqt‘iijiﬂaV.
and policy that we must protect such diversity. anthem
against those laws and policies which have no relevancy to -
the realities of the present. Great injustice is done ,to our ‘ '
system of law.- when such laws are followed blindly; to the
letter. Let us be thankful for the 20th Amendment and
the Civil Rights Act while we remember that the injustices
were too long in being amended. and persist still today.

if ROTC denied admittance to highly qualiﬁed women
or on account of color. or to Catholics or Jews; what
would you then say? if gay men and women happen to
qualiﬁed (and what is it that makes them “unqualified”?
-— besides the law), and if ROTC is so "vital" an instur-
ment in protecting America then. (if i may use your own i
words) “We are sacriﬁcing an opportunity to provide our
military with qualiﬁed personnel to protect our nation."

Finally. i believe your proposal for a campus-wide vote
to decide who we want to support and who we would like
to go to school with. is a splendid idea. Yet, i would ge-
nuinely regret the omission of your own name on that
ballot. because i would then be denied the pleasure of
"oting against you.

—Chrls Burruto

Defaming Abelow

To the Editor:

The ASP editorial “More than Black and,White" of
Friday, October 12th was a gross injustice and an exam— .
ple of yellow journalism. While the denial of Laura

Johnson to the UAS Board of Directors is unfortunate}.~ “

and shov‘vs a definite conflict between SA's Afﬁrmative
Action and Equal Opportunity policies. the ASP used this
case to generate controversy and defame a man’s name in
the process.  ,_

The editorial pushed the inference that Ross Abelow’s
appointment. to the voting-member on the UAS Board of
Directors. was in place of Laura Johnson. The ASP knew
this to be incorrect. because two pages earlier in that issue
they reported that Eric Holzberg was Ms. Johnson's
replarement‘. Also within that earlier article it was stated
that Ross Abelow's voting rights will be rescinded on the
l8th birthday of UAS Board of Director Jennifer Corby.
who until that date possesses Mr. Abelow's non-voting
member status. in effect Mr. Abelow’s appointment is in
no way connected to the Johnson case. Obviously the
ASP chose to ignore these facts and proceeded to attack
Ross ﬁguring it would make better copy.

The line “Ross is a White Man." is an insult to all who
read such a sentence. Sure Ross Abelow is Caucasian. but
the sentence implies "Racist." Ross Abelow is anything
but a racist. Reverse discrimination is as ugly as ‘
discrimination in the normal sense. For the ASP to infer
su‘ch libcl is unexcusabie. Ross Abelow is probably one of
the most school-spirited individuals on this campus. Cur-
rently Mr. Abelow is involved in many aspects of univer-
sity life. There is no reason to start defending him by
listing accomplishments because it is not he who is in need
of defense but the author of the editorial and the paper
who printed it. if Ross was anything close to a racist there
is no way he could be involved as he is. Ccrlanily he is a
maverick, compare him to most people on this campus
and you’ll see this is true. but this is only a direct result of
his drive. dctcrminiation. and caring about this
university.

The ASP is entitled and should be encouraged to voice
opinions on such matters as the UAS-Johnson case. But if
in the process. the freedom of speech is misused to defile
the character of anyone unjustly it should be made
known. Once again i feel the editorial of Oct. IZth was
nothing more than yellow journalism and deserves to be
labelled 50.

—Eric Schwartzman

lndian Quad Board, Treasurer
Class of 1986, Treasurer
Assistant Controller, SA

Where’s Public Safety

To the Editor:

What is more important, the lives of the people on this
campus or a five dollar parking ticket? in over two years
at this school it appears to me that Public Safety has
chosen the latter. While they are giving parking and
speeding tickets like they are going out of style. cars are
being vandalized and most importantly girls are being
raped.

it can't be argued that the police couldn't possibly be
everywhere or that there is no importance in enforcing
parking and traffic laws, but priorities must be put into
place. What is needed are foot patrols on the podium and
around those areas joining it to the quads as well as on the
quads themselves. where students are in the most danger.
instead ofgoing through the parking lots only occasional-
ly. usually to check for unregistered cars. Public Safety
should make frequent passes to check for real dangers.
and then maybe organizations like Don’t Walk Alone
wouldn’t have to do their job for them.

~ ——.leffrey Neadlé

it
.3
,2,
3

 
       
  

 

