 

 

 

 

c... .m....__w.. s...~d~.y......._-..,

 

 

 

- ~~o ’-

a.........»4,.._...mama-wwweWan—arwm an“- W..." H , V

Z_.Spart$A-S€Pt¢mbe1_-ll. luxi' .s‘n inlav'r PRESS "I'll/{SIL-i i: .‘ilz'lVl'lz'Allilz‘R 2;. 1054

me‘he

it is very rare to come across a man like jeﬂ Blatnick in this day and
age of priced athletes. He is truly a man who has total dedica-
tion for e sport that he is now the world champion in.

Blatnick took time out of his extremely busy schedule to do an in-
terview With me. His‘ sole worry when I was done asking questions
was whether i had enough information. _ '

Another thing that struck me about Blatnick was that he really
remembers all of the little people who helped him get where he is to-
day. For instance. he is very grateful to Albany State for allowing him
to use their facilities to train in. So grateful that he held a press con-
ference on the back steps of the University Gym building
. I hope that you find my first crack at a sports supplement en-
joyable. but while you read it keep in mind that there are many un-
named people whom without there would be no sports supplement.

First of all there is Associate Sports Editor Dean Chang who is one
ofthe more competent people that you will ever come across. When
things are going wrong i alwa 5 look to Dean to bail me out.

Second there is Patty Mitche who helped me in every facet of the
production process.

1 must also thank Marc Schwarz and Mark Levine. Schwarz. who
Virtually invented the sports supplement. came up and got me out of
a few jams with his know how. And last but not least I would not be
here without Mark Levine who got me my start at the ASP and came
through with one of his brilliant columns once again. He may be a lit-
tle bit eccentric (if you read his column you'll see what i mean) but he
means well. '

Once again i hope you enjoy Sports September and look foward to
{Outpubsé when Albany State's brand new Hall of Fame will be
ea .

 Contents ——

3An obsession with Reggie

Former ASP Sports Editor Mark Levine comes back
too share with us his "obsession" with baseball’s
newest member of the 500 homerun dub.

4lt's been a long. tiring road for jeffrey

Blatnlck.

Sports Editor Keith Marder tells how an Olympic
Gold Medalist handles his new found fame.
An interview with Olympic gold medalist
jeff Blatnick.

GrecoRoman champion jeﬂ’lilatm'ck talks to Sports
Editor Keith Marder about everything from the Soviet
boycott to professional wrestling.’

7A fan's view of 1984 football.

Snoriswriter Andy Targovnik gives hispredicdons on
the 1984—85 NFL football season.

Photos

All photos courtesy of the
Associated Press exec for the
ma“? m°ﬁhmfdhﬂ

oo 0
International.

 

 

 

 

Going. . .
By Mark Levine

mNTRIBUTINO EDITOR

Reggie and i go way back.

My first memory of him is Game 7 of
the 1973 World Series against the Mets. l
was rooting for the Mets back then. and
they took a 3-2 lead back to Oakland for
Games Six and Seven. The A's won the
sixth game. and the seventh game was
close until jon Matlack hung a slider to
number 9. and the magnificent swing sent
the ball on a majestic flight toward the
right centerfield bleachers. Game seven.
and the Series. were history.

That was the first dinger i remember.
There were many more to follow. the
culmination of which came last week
with number 500, which should lock up
his spot in Cooperstown. Let's look back
at the man who has provided me with
more thrills than any of my other sports
idols. (Sorry. Mr. Gretzky).

Late in 1976. he signed his now
heralded $3 million. 5-year contract with
the Yankees. He had been traded to the
Orioles early in the 1976 season. then
became a free agent. i had a friend named
Mike back then who lived in Baltimore. a
big Orioles fan. and 1 remember talking to

him in the off-season and asking him ‘

whether he thought Reggie could help us.
"l'll tell ya. Mark." he says. "in the
beginning of the year. he was driving me
crazy — hitting into double plays. striking
out a lot. popping u in key situations.
But when all was sai and done. he had a
great year — 27 homers. 91 ribbies. .277
average. and he didn't even have any spr-
ing tr'alning. No matter what went on off
the field. he always produced in'b'etween :
thelines. Yeah. he'll help." .. r
v' Well. The Best: Team Money Could Buy .
started out 2-8 that year. and 1 was getting
a, little im atient. By lune. they had gotten
u'ntracke a little bit. but’stiil w‘eren‘t‘roll-
ing like they were capable of doing. And
number 44 in ri t field was. doing.
nothing. My frien named Mario Orlan-

do.‘5 also knov'vn as. "Oats." signed my v.

junior high yearbook like this: "Reggie
ahd the Yanks ,will rosper 1-; just wait
and, Oats wgs a ig Regg'e {am-i h'ad‘
mYlilo'ubts. ' :‘ﬁi' 

f'September- 14.4977. The Yanks had,
beaten the Redg'So‘x the night before to

open up at 2V: game lead at the top of the , _

AL ﬁaast. Tanight's a key; game... if w

.v .é .
v could take this one. then‘the leadrwould

'I‘UESDA r. SEPTEMBER 25. l984 [a ALBANY STUDENT PRESS   p "

An obsession with Reggie.

be 3%. and that's a lot to make up that
late in the season. especially with only
one game left against the Sox. it was the
most dramatic game i ever saw. Oats and
l were there on a school trip.

Ed Figueroa battles Reggie Cleveland to
a scoreless tie into the bottom of the
ninth. Thurman Munson leads off with a
base hit to left. Up steps Reggie.

Well. Mr. October (or September. in this
case) takes a Reggie Cleveland fastball
about 450 feet into the bleachers in rigrl‘
to win the game. We go crazy. The wholl
stadium goes crazy. The ramps leading
out of the stadium are jammed with peo-
ple. and everybody is yelling "REG-GIEI
REG-GlEl" l've never had so much fun
leaving a stadium. .

What a game. Only Reggie.

What else can be said about the sixth
game of the World Series that year. ex-
cept that it will go down as one of the
greatest individual feats in sports his“.qu
Three dingers. on consecutive pitches. in
the clinching game. The last one. off of
Charlie Hough. came down from the
moon. A rocket shot. into the black ramp
in dead center. Oats was right. Reggie and
the Yanks prospered.

Opening Day. 1978. The ushers pass out
Reggie bars as you hand them your
tickets. it was very tasty — chocolate on
the outside. nuts and caramel inside. On-
ly l shouldn’t have eaten it before the
game.

in the first inning. Reggie crushes a B-run
dinger into the bleachers. making it four
straight homers at .Yankee Stadium going
back to the World Series. and five straight
going backstoGame 5. All of a sudden. a
wave ‘of Reggie bars ﬂies on the field. l'm
talking thousands. it took 20 minutes to
clean them all up. What a scene. '

There was_that miracle comeback the

fall of‘ 1978. and the one game pla off ‘

with the Red Sox. Everyone ,remem rs
Rucky Dent's famous shot into the green

monster; I remember Reggie crunching a .

Bob Stanley pitch into the center field

seat's to'put the Yanks up 5-2. which turn- '~
ed out to be'the deciding run. I als'o,
remember hearing it on the. radio in the 3 ,
'car with my mother and brother. and met-

y "fling and scrgiiming and leaning out the", i _ p ‘
' -  malaria”. and o‘eams'it. "'3

Window at a red light. . .
I also trememberqame lof the League
champlmship‘. Series-rework. .IS-F. N

Hrabosky was dancing.oii‘the‘rrloundji‘Jr

 

the Mad Hungarian. looking like an ex-
pecting father in the waiting room. Well.
Mr. October quieted Hrabosky and an
ecstatic Royals crowd by blasting one into
the waterfall at Royals‘ Stadium. and the
Yanks took Game 1 and beat KC in four.

Then there was the famous confronta-
tion with Bob Welch in Game 2 of the
World Series when Welch fired a fastball
by him with the tying and winning runs
on base in the top of the ninth. Everyone
remembers that: i remember the revenge
Reggie got in Game 6 when he took
Welch downtown to break open the
game and clinch the Series.

The next.year. 1979. was a tragic one
wii.i Thurman dying and everything go-
ing wrong with the Yankees. Still. despite.
all the controversy and tragedy. Reggie hit
.297. had 29 dingers and 89 RBIs.

june li‘ i980. Yanks against the Bosox.
The best all-around game i was ever" at. i
mean. this game had everything — brawls
in the stands. great action on the field.
plenty of excitement — and a Reggie
homerun.

The Yanks trailed for most of the game.
but a Bob Watson homerun had given
them the lead. it's 75 in the seventh inn-
ing. and Skip Lockwood (remember him.
Mets fans?) comes in to pitch for Boston.
l'm watching him warm up. and he has
nothing on his fastball and a big. slow
curve. 1 say to my friend. "Mark. if he
throws that fastball to Reggie and he‘s
waiting for it. forget it." Reggie steps up
with two on.

He throws it. Re e is waitin for it. and
the ball caroms o the upper eck facade
in right. igo nuts. What a culmination to
agent game. 105 final. Only Reggie.

The strike year of 1981 was a disap~
pointment forrbaseball fans. but I do have
one tremendous- memory. it came in the
fifth‘and deciding game of the divisional

‘ playoffs. Yanks against the Brewers.

in: watching it on the TV set in Bleecker
Hall on Dutch. rm the onl one out there.
A lot of my friends inclu ing Ron. who's

alsoa sick Reggie fan. are watching in .

Ryckman. I Want to watchmlonefor a
while.  S-y ., i = 
in the first inning. Mr.;fpttober steps up
'with one'on andtwo out Hesteps‘into a
gone! i get up; ready to go wild. i know a

it: e rawhenimeorte; . . ..
- C 512.3%... catches it" atiih'e Warning

;.v*'e>et'd\

track in right.

No! That ball was out of herei I fall
down on my back in the middle of the
lounge. looking like john McEnroe reac-
ting to a bad call. if anyone in the dorm
had seen me. they would have called
S-Quad. Or maybe Bellevue.

Third inning. Two-nothing Brewers.
Reggie up. one on. no outs. Crackl
Another blast to right. i stand up. ready to
explode. but after that last one. l‘m a lit-
tle unsure. No need to be unsure this

‘ time. The ball lands 10 rows back in the

upper deck. .l'm on my knees. saying.
"Oh, Reggie! Yeah. Reg!" I throw on my
sneakers and ﬂy — not run. fly — over to
Ryckman's second ﬂoor. which is filled
with screaming Yankee fans. Ron is at the
top of the steps on the third floor. running
around like the madman he is. Then he
sees me.

"john jeil'ersonl." he yells to me.

"You got iti." I say.

i take 10 steps back. he comes charging
down the stairs. and we run together and
do a flying. high-jumping high-five. a la
Jefferson in his Charger days”. The Yanks
go on to beat the Brewers and the A's and
should have beaten the Dodgers in the
World Series. 1 was upset. but i'll never
forget that classic dinger.

in January of 1982. l'm driving to watch
one of my brother's basketball games. On
the radio. i hear that Reggie has signed
with theAngels.

' i ull over. put my head in my hands.

an just stare down for a few minutes. i
remember his last at bat — he grounded.
one to Davey Lopes in the last game of
the Series-with two' outs in the bottom of .
the ninth. but Lopes booted it for what
was somethi like his SSth‘error of the
Series. lthou t that it'might be his last

atsbat as a Yankee-but i was hoping (pray- '
r ing?) that it wasnzt. ~ 1‘ '

It was. Reggie had played his last game
in ginsti . i:get to the basketball game;
an my rother sees l'm upset. '

.. "What's the. matteri.'! he say}; m.
."R e's gone. He's an 'Ange .K’ - ~ .
Heﬂa tremendousseasen in 1982—

‘ .275  sodium; ion ribbiel. The 

Angels‘iblow a 20")?“ to the 

the playoffs. All ‘I redistribute}

1 m my
 outto RobiniYount~willlfm‘

insmn onin' instep of the-ultimme

i-.W.vmn.¢ltsltiiwssmwslilgg'}_  . .
... ‘ -',. -~.‘"«‘-~i'a_y&i:s'- .-  - ».'“

 

