 

 

 

 

 

 ~« .. . .1jOctober-awnoverwrites'TUESDAY-W035“ ’°'-“"ll"*

 

 

 

 

 

 

CASS

BLANK Music MASTEiiINo. ‘-
..i' parts; ..ﬁ.,

 

 

— White 5-screw shells
-FuIIy Guaranteed.

 
  
 

 

   

W D. 06131“?me

DINNER Hill In In Iit’iUItiIii’Iut THE
filliﬂWiNl'i NIAGUKIES = 

 

Ampex's Premium Ferric oxide tape.
Reproduces contempory rock and jazz sounds
' with increased high frequency response.
Special Ferric oxide particles featurea greater
length to width‘ ratio. Ideal for quality decks
with or without normal bias settings, and car

. cassette decks;

1 Please send me

 

Name

@“5951' cosruMé”
51 con Pic.”

//VCO£TUII6

@53er Some”
W M WWW;

it 1. Jo STEVEN ElYDE BAND"

PEIlMMIIH HIM 1150’ iIISDHi.

“Be

 

cassettes at $1 each $
.._ Norelco bores at $.25 each $

Send C.O.D.
Check Enclosed

 
 
 
 

 

Send To: Northeast Systems
815 Central Avenue
Albany, NY 12206

 

Address

5 or Beet Z?
MEISTGRgﬁ/l/g 559% *2

 

Cm, Stale

 

 

‘Phone

Com ON I” Ann

 

l am interested in becoming a campus tape representative.

  

iuriliarn Swim hon-rial!

 

 

 

 

 

 

UNIVERSITY CINEMAS

 

WINTER

 
 

 

Thursday, Nov. 1st
All The President’s Men

Starring Robert Redford and
Dustin Hoffman

.r

 

 

Shows
7993-1432509.

sa funded

  

INTRAMIJRAI.
. Sport-rs - ..

    

Basketball ~Women's
Water ‘ Polo

Volleyball

Women's and CO-ED

 

INTEREST MEETING
Date: Thurs. ll-l

   
  
   

Team Fee is $20.00

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 

 

     

   

 

 

‘5 .

 

obane -

4 , I Eastern Association 0 . 
» "She loved to teach and coach."s'ald Ed.. and Recreation. f Health Phys”! your arm

man. a retired' women’s basketball Board of Directors of the National
ach at LeMoyhe College and now a Association of Phys. Ed. for
eelance writer in Syracuse. “She started women.
e gymnastics program and made it in addition. she served on numerous
hat it is today."

it necessary to limit her activities.

ould not be‘ where it is if it weren't for the first woman president of the Universi-
obane's hard work. She served time as ty Senate.

resident of three major associa- Cobane has received a galaxy of awards when she was so ill. st
onsjnﬂuential in the growth of col- for her services. “She had a whole hall full be held in her ho
giate women's sports: the Associate of of them." said Moran. remembering her bedside.

omen in Phys. Ed. in NY state. the friend‘s office. "Her credits are as long as

- myot
5

.ollected Amyot. "i realized it wasn't and senior years. baseball.

lping the team any. 1 knew i had to Amyot graduated with a Bachelor of He gave up his coaching and teaching
.- after the team blew a few games in Arts in 1936. but he didn't leave the career in the 1950's. though remaing in
‘e final seconds while l'd be taking a school without receiving athleic honors. the education ﬁeld. He landed the prin-
" He was thrown a special Testimonial Din- cipal job at a Troy school (kindergarten -

~ .. ' myot‘s junior year turned in to his ner where he was awarded a gold medal eighth). After 22 years at that position. he
 st active one at Albany State. Besides for "The One Who Did Most For was named Superintendent of Schools in
"‘ ying varsity basketball and baseball. Athletics. 1932-1936.". Cohoesin 1976. He held that slot until his
was selected to coach the freshman He continued his coaching career and retirement frOmlhe education bUSiHCSSln

ower.

m. That year Amyot also decided to education from 19374942. While atten- 1981.

, athaway

 

ificant things that he did was to get the Eastern League and i also was suppos- award than he is."

i;  athletic program out from under stu- ed to report to the Pittsburgh Steelers
‘ 1, t deinatiOH- camp." said Hathaway. "But pro sports And yet. Hathaway was surprised at his

 

  
   

etting into the ECAC and the NCAA were different then. i didn't enjoy it." selection.

pional level." said Hathaway. "it was had plans of bigger things for Albany my mind that 1 was going to be picked."
‘inst the regulations of the SCAG to be sports. like the building of two physical said Hathaway. "Naturally l'in tickled.
ant-dominated. because that was education buildings and a field house. because these are very nice people that
 some of the evils were. That's why That would have been a reality had it not have been selected."

started the Athletic Advisory Board.“ been for fatal delays. But there are no

,;i isn't the firSt SUNY Hall Of Fame doubts that he was Albany's fittest Direc- Camp Dippikill was a pet project of
. -: Hathaway is a Charter member Of- A5 for. at least not in the mind of Garcia. sorts for Hathaway. After the war. most
1‘ dent at Cortland. Hathaway eamEd "When he was the Athletic Director. we of Albany's student body was from

    
      
 
  
  

~ . arterback
Jim Hart- Most don‘t know it but Hart is Guys who have never lived up to their
Blackledge- Blackledge seems to the back-up Redskin quarterback. For the potential
touch when he throws. Redskins' sake. Theismann better stay Steve Grogan- i always thought he had
ya who may be past their prime healthy. the tools to be great. but he has been too
Anderson- Anderson looks like he Guys who think they're greatbut really inconsistent.
't been to sleep in about a year. aren't Gary Danielson- 1 used to consider him

‘ Richard Todd- i feel sorry for Saints fans. one ofthe NFL's best quarter backs. What
I erguson- A few years ago. Ferguson Now they know how it feels to be ner- happened to him is a mystery.

1 'f d have easily made my top-10 list. vous everytime the ball leaves Todd's Warren Moon- Moon hasn‘t been here

. .' l' '

. t
 I,

ergy's age may be catching up With hands. too long. but thus far he has been a
‘_;- He threw 25 interceptions in 1983 Danny White- White may have been disappointment.

V L " ust isn't as effecrive as he USEd to be. brought back to earth after the rest of the Guys who won’t be starting in 1985

g ' Dickey- Lynn threw 32 intErcep- Cowboy players voted that Hogeboom Pat Ryan- Hasn't been as bad as I ex~
 . in 1983 (i didn't think it was possi- should start. pected. but 1 sort of question a quarter
0 throw more interceptions than back who throws a wobbly pass every

‘t rd Todd) and looks just as bad in DaVid Woodley- if Don Shula got rid of other time he fades back.
 him you can be sure that he is no bargain. Paul McDonald- 1 hear Browns fans have
- i‘laworski. [-m not sure if jaworski Just watch him pass and you'll see what been trying to get season tickets to New

ver too good, but like the Eagles in Shula meant. jersey General games.
v 't years. laworski has gone down hill. Vince Ferragamo- ! doubt that the foot- Mike Pagel- He stinks.
; who may be ready for the rocking ball field is big enough for Ferragamo and Guys who should be playing but aren't
. chair his 630 at the same time. Mark Wilson- if he ever gets a chance. he
New York. -
fer Teller has also been the national consui- 

" tant on middle schools. He has also writ- <4 ‘
York. ten the section on middle schools for the Holway played bdskciban agalnst gum.
is PYOli-‘SSiOIlili hie 'l'L‘ller has held American Encyclopedia on Education. pea” teams, appearing in many different
' different jobs. He has been a county countries including italy. Spain and
0' for 20 middle “110015 in Florida; Teller attributes all ofthe success he has Greece. According to Holway. it was ex-

i“Cil’al 0f FOX Lime Middle SChOOl had in his life directly to athletics. Accor- periences like these that helped him
ford. New Y0Yk= the dill-Tl“ or ad' ding to Telfer. the skills. confidence and dominate in college basketball.
"5 at MOhﬂWk valley commuer discipline he developed in sports helped "in all fairness to the kids 1 was playing
‘1 in “ma. New York: a Human“: him assume numerous leadership roles in against." said Holway. the 1959 Sport-
elc" at Fox Lane High SChOOIi the student government. This carried over in- sman of the Year. “my added maturity
0’ 0f gllld'mce at T” valley SChOOl to his professional life where he has held and extra opportunity to play abroad
l‘JmSVlllei New Y°lk and a leaf-her numerous positions with administrative definitely helped me."

rassmicocrom )0.“ 19.34 D ALBANY. 'siubirm mass   L

and was on the Her cancer was first dicovered in. the
early 1970's. At first there were Sporadic
college trips to the hospital. but'she never found

. professional and university committees. in 1978 her health got progressively
. which aided the growth of the women's worse. in 1979 she was stricken to a
Collegiate women‘s sports perhaps athletic program at Albany. She also was wheelchair. but still managed to coach
the gymnastics squad and continue her
Chair Dept. duties. There were times
aff meetings had to
use. even by her

"The students loved her." said Moran.

freshman basketball squad. The club the football. hockey. and baseball teams.
emature exits to the lockerroom. went 17-1 and the players on the team He still had enough time to become
"Yeah. 1 was toss'ed out of quite a few. later went on to beat powerhouse teams cerified as a collegiate and high school
pecially in my first two years." such as Niagara and Siena in their junior referee for basketball. soccer and

e cross country a try. ding night school at Albany State to ob- Throughout his administrative years.
'1 never excelled in that sport." said tain a Masters in Administration. Amyot Amyot never [ﬁreath fmm the ballfidd-

yot. "1 never scored any points but it coached the Galway High School football He served time as president of the‘Capitol
‘ s great conditioning for basketball." team for two seasons. He switched to District Umpires Ass. The Eastern Board
V 8 found more 5001655 withing the Cohoes High in 1939 where he coached of Soccer Officials. and the National In-

1 letters in baseball. basketball. track and had the best money figure budget-wise
lized that if we applied this to all the football. He even had a chance to turn than anyone." said Garcia. Hathaway's
ools, we would have even more‘ professional in baseball and in football. successor as Director. "We had the best
er." but pro sports weren't for him. program. the best facilities. and the best

ccording to Hathaway. one of the most "1 had a contract with Wilkes-Barre of coaches. No one is more qualified for the

~ like getting a stamp of approval that Being Athletic Director of Albany was "i knew that Albany was going to have
were a school that was good on a pro- something that Hathaway did enjoy. He a Hall of Fame. but it didn‘t even enter

“it was quite a scene to see the kids carry
her around here and there." ‘ ’ ' ;
At the end of 1979. Cobane’s health
worsened and she was forced to reitre.

Two months later. on February 1. 1980 ;‘
at 3:30 AM. the cancer finally took Edith's
life. her friend Fran by her side at St.
Peter's Hos ital.

Edith Co ane's accomplishments will
again be remembered this Saturday night.
For the faculty members who worked
with Cobane. the memory has lingered
on everytime they walk through the gym-
nastics wing on the second floor.

, —Marc Herman

ter Collegiate Soccer Officials.

One of his biggest thrills in refereeing

was when he worked a Harlem Globetrot-
ter game in the Palace Theatre.

"Sharing a locker with Meadowlark

Lemon." said Amyot. "was quite a
memorable experience."

Amyot. a widower for 14 years. will

have quite a few family members on
hand to watch him in his proud moment
this Saturday night. His three sons. one
daughter. five brothers and three sisters
will attend the dinner and observe his of~
ficiai induction to the Hall of Fame

“1 never dreamed there would be a Hall

of Fame at Albany State." said Amyot.
"it‘s definitely one of the highest honors
We received."

And Amyot has accepted many ofthem.

upstate. But in the fifties. students from
Long island and New York City were
making up more of the population.
Hathaway wanted to have someplace in
the Adirondacks for the students to see
outside the city.

when Hathaway retired in 1976. he left

behind a department molded in his
hands. Put simply. Hathaway is responsi-
ble for what Albany's athletic program is
today. No one person could have done
more for a department than what
Hathaway did. Despite his objections.
pioneer is the only word that could
describe Hathaway‘s tenure at Albany.
The nominating committee couldn‘t have
made a fitter choice.

—Dean Chang

will be great. .

lim Zorn- Seattle‘s been happy with the _
play of Krieg but there must be some NFL
team that can use him Uetsl. '
Dave Wilson- Why anybody would play
Richard Todd or Ken Stabler over Wilson
(who can throw the ball) 1']! never know.
The guy who nobody gives enough

credit to

lim Plunkett- inn is not the best passers
in the world but like the rest of the
Raiders. he gets the job done when it has
to be done.

The boring. the average. and the

mediocre category

Eric Hipple- Sometimes good. smuetimes
bad.

Steve DeBerg- i hear Steve and Walter
Mondale go fishing every Tuesday.

Any other quarterback just \\.i:~-:'i
worth mentioning.

Holway said that basketball provided
him with the motivation to think ofgoing
to college after high school. ‘l‘oday. he
says. it helps him keep in shape. He still
plays the game and comes back to the
Albany State Alumni game.

"1 try to get back as often as possible."
said Holway. "But sometimes 1 can’t work
it into my schedule. Sometimes the signs
of old age prevent me from playing."

Today Holway lives in Mount Vision.
New York with his wife Elma. He har-
three daughters Betsy. Cherlyn. and Dar-
cie. He also has six grandchildren.

 

math 3‘ Til valley SChOOlv capacities where the knowledge of how I .
r is currently the principal at to handle pressure comes in very handily.  Next month Dane basketball Issue 7
ale junior High School in Scarsdale. axeith Marder

 

 

 
   
   
 

   
 

 

 

4::

