  

5?»

   

 

-« .M —~‘»~ WG-‘hmyczyzbv;2;%

They're
minute
wwwutmmnm

"(Amtini rm : -
manna” u .-
- NKiflllWluNy‘ .

Al
'(I

 

 

 

 

SA Funded

 

  

 

 

' UNIVERSITY CINEMAS

“WEEKEND SPECTACULAR"

mwmaam

old mm mo tiMn't Ken cacti can
Seuzlling lot tham‘w to“
ll

  
 
 
 

'Itttlllcciiltt'
MIME" (AMNUDSI Jln
uvvmmt momma ch%m%:#hﬂwl

.t mmulr .— L Intrusan
quorum: on usury ‘
um “stigma”

 

THANKS F OR YOUR YEAR LONG PATRONAGE

. ’ : . V Indian Quad.
Board

   

msms trs FINAL

LOWENBRAu
Presents

*HAROLD RAMISiWARREN OATS ‘*
* EJ, SOLES it JOHN CANDYi 5
mm: .. mm 5mm mer "LEN um I ‘
DAN comma "mmom nuts
mwroIIlVAN REITMAN mummmnzns
Bylwgmt mun-n.er nun-MAN Q

 



 

SA Funded

& Miller

present

  PARTY NITE 84
6' PARTIES FOR THE PRICE OF

 S 1.50 wit ax
Themes: 1999

$2.25 wlo tax

South of Bord
ﬁaberfest er

Western
Toga & Wings

'5, Friday April 27, 1984 9:30 PM - 2:00

Double ID

   
    
  
   

  
    
    

 

J

‘ APRII; 27. 1984

 

 

 

0

William “Count” Basie

(1906—1984)

Introspects

 
   
 
  

 

 

Dance, Dance, Dance

OOftttol'kS. at SUNY's Performing Arts Center this weekend (April

127-28). is a montage of dance. ranging from classical forms to_nrodern.

iwpular music to no music at all. The Dance Council's animal showcase
oi student talent. including production and choreography as well as dance. is an
exciting and visufrlly stimulating way to spend an evening.

The cast of Forittvorks has been hard at work on this year‘s production since
the fall. The months of effort come to fruitott tonight and tomorrow. as the
dancers get the opportunity to show SUNYA just what they've been Working so
hard to (in,

One of Furtlti'rn'ks ensemble. Rachel Goldberg. who will be seen in the pieces
I;ttpltorin. Grand Waltz. Born To Grow o Shell. and Rebellion {as il‘t‘lf (is having
r'ltoreograplted yet unotlier piece. The Process) has recieved a summer scholar-
ship with the Lamone Dance Company. a well-known tnorlern dance troupe.
Rachel's dancing is most hriglttly displayed in the show's opening number.
linplioria. and her choreograt‘thy in The Process is an effective demonstration of
why she recieved the recognition site did

Another interesting note to this year‘s production is the increasing number of
participants, especially among the male members of the show. who. at seven.
are significantly more than the number of males who petformed last year.
l’lowevet‘. overall interest itself has increased a good deal. guaranteeing to make
this year's Ft'lnlttturlts one of the best ever.

Footworks will be shown on the main stage of the l-’erlornring Arts Center
tonight at 8 p.m.. and tomorrow at 8 p.rn 'l'ickets are t in sale now. prices rang—
ing from $4.5“ for students witlt tax cards. Flirt) for students without tax cards.
and (3.5“ for general admission

 

 

C’est Moi

When i was younger. say about seven. 1 used to want to be Peter P
I'm nineteen. and most of the time 1 want to be John Keenan. but there are times
—- midierms. finals. tuition. pre-registration. and especially when the stat
machine is busted (for those of you who don't understand ASP lexicon. saying
“the stat machine is busted" is just another way of saying “l'm screwed") —
when I feel a small. guilty twinge inside of me that wants to be Peter Pan again.
No heavy tuition bills. no term papers. just Captain Hook and the lndlans.
Simplicity itself.

l was never a responsible person. unfortu
like the proverbial (and cliched. sorry) ton of bricks. Suddenly I was faced with a
myriad of decisions l'd never had to give a thought to before. Depressing. But
you get used to it. everybody does. you learn to cope. to adjust. to assimilate.
No more catching frogs. boy. Time to grow up.

Sure. there are perks to adulthood; tonight. for exampleJ indulged in my first-
ever legal beer at the Rat. a monumental event (so monumental. in fact. that i
managed to stick Steve Marks with the tab.) A beer at the Rat. . .1 mean, if that's
not the good life what is?

But there's one phrase. as i get older. t
more; Think seriously.

You're an adult. John. Think seriously.

You’re nineteen. Don't be so freshmany.

You have to think seriously about a job for the summer. because unless you
make $1.500 this summer. you can kiss Albany good-bye.

Think seriously? You mean. I can't fly anymore? i can't stand and look up at
the sky. then close my eyes and pretend i can feel the world revolving under

an. Now

nately. and adulthood landed on me

hat begins to bother me more and

me? '
You m'ean l have to learn how to fill out an IRS W-1()4(i short form? How to

“schedule my time?" How to grow up?

And thirty years later you’re an old. fat balding man sitting on your porch
wondering where it all went. Well. "it" is leaving me now (somewhat belatedly. i
admit). and that's a scary feeling.

Childhood is Safe. Even being a teenager is s
perks and pleasures. . .is frightening. I '

So there are times. . .despite all my plans to get an apartment With a friend
next semester. despite my ambition to be a journalist. despite even my over-
whelming need to be taken seriously. . .that a small voice instde me seems to
say. “Who needs it?"

I do. l know.

But tonight ,I don't.

afe. Adulthood. . .with all of it's

Second star on the right. And straight on til morning.

Inside. . .

3a

 

Here on lntrospects we have a memoriam in honor of Count
Basie. who passed away Wednesday. and a preview ofFootworks.
a dance performance to be held at the Performing Arts Center this
weekend. Also. John Keenan reflects on the process of growing
older, becoming maudlin. crashing from the emotional high of con-
suming his first legal Bud draft at the Rat as the stat machine
busted. . .

 

 

 

 

 

 

centerfold

lan Spelling presents the legacy of Star Trek — the eternally
popular series. the Emmy Award»winning cartoon. and the motion
pictures. lan gives us a preview of the second Star Trek sequel. In -
Search of Spock. which is scheduled for release in June.

 

i— '—

6a
Perspectives: Auditioning for a role in a play requires as much
rehearsal and causes as much stage fright as the production itself
does. C.M. Kaplan relates the story of one actor's performance for
three judges. Also. Michelle Krell presents a rather chilling piece of
poetry.

73
Vinyl Views: Before the Clash concert- April 11th. WCDB's David
Singer interviewed the band's lead singer. Joe Strummer. Here.
recounted in Aspects wondrous pages (and in stunning black and
white). are the pithy gems of wisdom Joe let drop during his visit to
WCDR

8::
RetrOSpect: Let Spectrum be your, guide to the colorful world of the
Capital District. Fun for the whole suite. and underaged freshmen
can get Spectrum free! And be sure to catch the conclusion of the
Tales of Joe Strummer. . . -

  

    

 

