 

 

 

g. ’. 22941-5.-

.. —-V. -7 —_: or".

 

mtirsdm-..W............-.........~~.-—yu-—.-—

tart/DENT mass m FRIDA Y APRIL 27.1984 1

Campus divestitures of Sputh‘African
holdings declining despite pretests

It‘OI.LEGE PRESS SERVICE) Organizers say recent coor-y
dittated nationwide demonstrations calling for more
universities to sell their holdings iri companies that
do business in Segregationist Sotttlt Africa were “the
largest anti-apartheid mobilization in several years."

The actual pace of campus administrators dchsting
their portfolios of shares in the firms has fallen off in
the last few years. however.

Called “Two Weeks of Anti-Apartheid Action.”
the protests. organived by tlte American Contmittee on
Africa (ACOA). stretched across scores of campuses
front the last week of Marclt through the first weeks of
April.

Demonstrations took place at Florida State. Duke.
the University of the District of Columbia. Columbia.
Harvard. Kalamazoo College, Oregon rirtd Southern
Cal. antong many other places. reports Joshua Nessca.
who coordinates campus activities front tire ACOA of-
fice in New York City.

Nessen estimated the events involved “thousands”
of students.

They “sent a strong message of oppositiott to US.
investment in South Africa," he said.

The demonstrations “put our administration and
other university administrators on notice that the
divestment movement is broad-based and
permanent." said Brooke Baldwin of the Yale Coali-
tion Against Apartheid.

Judging juSI how this spring's protests measure
against those of the past is difficult because the ACOA
has lumped efforts with those of the nuclear freeze
movement in I982 and 1983.

But protests. while usually not as large as those sur-
rounding other causes. have been almost constant.

Since last spring’s major cantpus push. for example.
students at the State University of New York-
Binghamton boycotted a Ray Charles concert because

Citarlcs had recently performed in South Africa.

A Northern Illinois University student effort to
tnouttt a boycott of the university's alumni fund.
which holds stuck in firms tltat do busirtcss in South
Africa. failed last fall when Operation PUSH. Jesse
Jackson’s organization in Chicago. refused to endorse
tltc boycott.

Iowa State‘s studcrtt government asked its governors
to sell 5700.000 worllt of shares Ill certain companies,
wltilc ntiuority faculty at Michigan State petitioned to
erase the name of John McGofl‘. a Michigan publisher
on the South African govertttnertt payroll. from acam-
pus stttge.

Most of the efforts. however. ltave fallen on deaf
ears.

While scores of colleges and university divested
thcrttselvcs of their interests in South Africa fortn I978
Iltrottglt I982. very few schools ltave dorte so in recent
years.

Most prominently. Minnesota toughened its South
Africa policy in January. prohibiting university in-
vestments in firms that don't endorse the Sullivan
Principles, a list of I4 civil rights for South African
workers in American-controlled companies.

in February. Wesleyan University sold its sltares in
Newmont Mining when Newmont refused to sign an
agreement to observe the Sullivan Principles.

No other campus administrations have sold off
shares this school year, however.

Ferris State college and the University of Michigan.
moreover. are now challenging in court a 1982 state
law that requires all state agcrtcics to sell off their
South African interetus.

Nevertheless. “the reality on the student level is that
the divestment campaign has grown significantly over
Iltc last two years." claims Richard Knight. the
ACOA's literature director. . l_l

 

situation. . .fill this out!

Name:

The Committe on Academic Standing of the Senate Undergraduate
Academic Council will be reviewing the final exams policy. and needs to
know how many students are potentially affected by it.

To help yourselves and future generations of SUNYA students deal
with a hectic finals schedule, please fill out this form and drop It off at
the Campus Center information Desk as soon as possible:

If you have had or will have three finals In one day, four
finals In two days, or are in a similarly difficult

FINALS

 

I.D.#:

 

91$

 

Day/time class meets

Day/time of final

If you have any questions, call Cathy LaSusa, chair of the UAC at 7-7945.

 

 

Nachos

“Taco Pronto

EXPIRES, 5/4] 84 

LIMIT ONE PER CUSTOMER

 

COUPON?

Cheese
.I(:

 

 

,N REGULAR PRICE $1.35

I
w/ purchase of on y item
equal or greaterln value

OPEN DAILY-tu;30arn-1i:00PM~43&594€
-DRIVE THRU WINDOW-INDOOR DININB‘
AMPLE PARKING
I249 WESTERN AVE..ALBANV (ACROSS FROM SUNYA)

 

 

 

 

A SUMMER CHINESE STUDY PROGRAM IN AUSTRIA
(THE ALPINE REGION AND VIENNA)
June 22-July 20

Coupon-cred by SUNY at Ludwig Boltzmann Institute in Austria

Earn up to nix credits—no prerequisite-
COS’I‘: Room and Board (June 22-July 20)-$300
Pluo SUNY Tuition and plane ticket

Conduct-Prof. WING-MING CHAN. HUM 267. 457-8076
Special Information Meeting-May 1.1:30 PM in HUM 267

 

 

  

 

 

HorsrnA
UNIVERSITY
MAS

TER OF ‘*

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION

GRADUATE
FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE
Holsira University announces the availability of several Busi-
nesship awards for the 1984-85 academic year. Businesshtp
awards will be made to ten fui|~time students. and will include
a $2,000 Fellowship and a $2.000 Research Assistantship for
a total of $4,000 in financial assistance per academic year for

each qualified student:

Candidates for these awards must demonstrate great prorn
ise for success in graduate business study. including out}
standing academic achievement and performance on the
Graduate Management Admission Test (G.M.A.T.).

interested Businessshlp candidates should write:

Susan McTiernan
Director. MBA. Program
School of Business

 

 

 

 

FRIDAYAPRIL 27, 1934 n ALBAryysrUDENTparzjss

Rules tightened in attempt to controistudents

Springﬁeld Mo. anrtunced they're considering
their student condttet code.

in recent months. colleges have gone to
court to try to reinforce their rights to punish
amt suspend students.
withhold transcripts
pettaltics without pro

(cot/£05 PRESS SERVICE; Sot'tthwest Missouri
State University senior Jim McWilIiams got a
big suprise several weeks ago when campus
security officers abrupty cornered him. and
announced they were charging Itim with a
crime.

The crime: he’d helped a fricrtd distribute
"The Southwest Rag.” an offbeat paper the
campus officials claim contained defamatory

and students.
While the McWilIiams case might be an ex-
treme example of ltow administrators on

control students' behavior rttore closely than behavior.
arty time since the early I960s. it is far from
the only one.

Over the last year. countless other schools
' ‘ I ltave ttglttened rules on student
Last week. for Instance. administrators at requiring students to re
the nine-campus Untversity of Florida system proval before throwing parties

invalidate diplomas.
and impose disciplinary
viding students with the
satttc due process they’d get itt public courts.

Pennsylvania. Kent State and Michigan,
arttong many others. are also reviewing and
looking to toughen their student conduct
attd obscene remarks about administrators codes in meetings this rnontlt.

Notre Dame. Southern Methodist. Idaho.
Baylor and Washington. to name just a few
. I campuses. have banned or plan to hair all
many campuses are moving aggressively to drinking as a way to Iteip control student

gister and get ap-

 

 

 

108 Heger Hail

Hempstead. New York 11550

Hofstta Untversity is an equal educational opportunity institution

 

 

 

 

(

 

 

f

ﬂ
ATTENTION GRADUATES

Orange Motors has a
College Graduate Finance Plan

   

Lu

‘\ For details and Appointment:

Orange Motors
799 Central Ave.
Albany. NY 12206

 

489-5414

 

 

L

JOBS!

Graduate student employment op-
portunities, 1984-85 min in
the Campus Center and in Student Ac-
tivities; $4.50 per hour for 12 to 20
hours per week. Some evening and
weekend work required. If you desire a
responsible position. that includes
supervision of student assistants. ap-
plications and additional information
are available in Campus Center. Room
130. Application Deadline: May llthll

 

 

 

 

 

And this school year. a surprising number
of colleges ltas begun handing out stiffer
penalties to fraternities for a range of
misdeeds. some of which used to be routinely
disrnlssed with a “boys will be boys" at-
titude.

Ohio State has become so strict in enforc-
ittg its student conduct code that the student
judicial review board now has cases backed
up ittto next sttmnter.

At Western Illinois. administrators last
month bartned overnight guests of the op-
posite sex front campus dorms.

Tlte crackdowns and rules. of course, are
reminiscent of the days when colleges actively
regulated all kinds of strident behavior. from
sex to ltow_tltey dressed.

happening because of efforts by students
then-selves." Bingaman said.

"I think there is definitely a more conser-
‘vattvc trend and more concern for students to
be treated like adults and act like adults.”
observed Mary Anne Bestebrcurtjc. who is
overseeing Florida's conduct code review.

But regulating students' behavior in their
rooms. recreations and even reading matter
isn't oftert confused with being treated like
adults. and sonic administrators worry pro-
spcctivc students rttight be offended by it.

"There's real conﬂict in clamping down on
discipline and making the campus as attrac-
tive as possible for students." Goodale says.
"But the problem (of liability) is progressing.
and schools can’t ignore it."

“Often there is a tendency to put due
process aside... ”

-—A [an Levine

 

“There are still a lot of administrators
who'd like to return to the days when they
ruled campuses with an iron hand, and you
didn't brcatlte without them knowing it."
said Bob Bingaman. field director of the
Urtitcd States Student Association.

Administrators themselves say fear. not
ltttnger for power. is what's driving them to
rein itt their students.

Witlt more judges holding schools
themselves liable for student drinking ac-
cidents, rapes and other crimes. many col-
legcs are just tryirtg to make sure their

, students don't get tltcm irtto legal trouble.
I said Tont Goodale, vice-chancellor for sin-

dcrtt affairs at the University of Denver.

A former studcrtt currently is suing Denver
over an injury ltc received in an accident at a
campus fraternity house. .

“Schools are very scared by the cost of

liability. about pressure from the public," .

(ioodale explained.
"A lot of concern over student discipline is

Students shouldn’t ignore the impact the
national crackdown could have on their con-
stittttional rights. added Alan Levine. co-
author of the American Civil Liberties
Union's "Handbook on the Rights of
Students."

“Often. tltcrc is it tendency to put due pro-
cess aside in order to get on with discipline."
he said.

‘ “Not just in college administrations, but in
hospitals. prisons, anywhere someone is
charged with discipline (violations). they
always find it difficult to enforce (conduct
codes) when you ltave to observe due
process." he said.

Levinc, however, doesn't see all the efforts
to control student behavior as a return to “in
loco parcntis," the legal doctrine that gave
colleges the right to act “in the place of the
parent" througlt the 19605.

The doctrine, he explained. has been
discredited. and probably couldn't withstand

El

. a lawsuit today.

 

 

 

Ask for Joe Bruno or Vince Cristaldl J

 

 

 

 

 

\

ENTER THE "REAL WORLD”
WITH THE RIGHT COMPUTER.

It won't be long before you'll be out in the "real world." Perhaps
as a doctor, lawyer, artist. or businessman. But no matter what
you've chosen, you'll be giving it your best shot. And that
means using the right computer. After all, computers are no
longer a luxury. but a necessity. Stop in at LELA Computer
Suiiora for further information on our complete line of computer
products. In Albany, we feature brands like KAYPRO. Epson.
NEC, and Columbia (desk-top and portable PC-compattblo
computers). For Apple and Columbia products. visit our Clifton
Park store. We'll help you get on the right track.

LELA Computer Suitora Inc.
Ask about Home Financing ' Classroom Instruction
Free Telephone Support and Software Research ' Spoctai Orders
53 N. Pearl St., Albany ' 434-05”
Grand Union Ctr.. Rt. 9 & 146, Clifton Park ' 383-0035

 

 

 

F1¢¢¢¢¢$$¢$¢$$¢¢$$$¢$¢¥~

JSC - HILLEL

*W**¢¢¢**i¢¢**ﬁkﬂcﬂv*d¢¢*“

Holocaust documentary film-

a must for all to see and

never forget

r I t
GENOCIDE
_r'

LC - 7 Monday, April 30

7 pm
Free with tax card
$1.00 without

 
   

For information and sign up:
Scott Birge, CC 130
Activities and Campus Center

WANTED:
USHERS

 

COMMENCEMENT ’84

i.

for

 

 

 

 

SA Funded

JOHNNY EVERS CO.
SPORTING 60005

330 Central Ave.

(Located next to Le Fat Cat)
—o T-SHIRTS & JERSEYS FOR SOFTBALL IN STOCK
—. LETTERING DONE ON PREMISES
BALLS - BATS - GLOVES - SHOES
RACQUETBALL EQUIPMENT
SHOES AND CLOTHING
* We have all your intramural sports needs. *

I

i

1

463-221 1

 

ALL AT DISCOUNTED PRICES
9-5:30 MON-FRI. / THURS. TILL 8:00 / SAT. 9-5

 

 

  

   
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
    
   
  
  
     
  
   

    
   

 

 
 
 

        
 

     
  
  
   
   
    
  
  

    

  
   
 
  
    
  

     

