   

 

   
  
  
  
 
    
   
   
   
 
   
 

 

 

Tradition, and other prattlings

cople walking around the Campus Center have . - ‘ ' '
been giving me runny looks a" morning. My As i stepped into the ASP olfrccs for the first time

. . .. Wednesda afternoon As eels editor lonh Keenan
have gathers)nlgogceboﬁgggb?:hlhe“mi?le my eyes ‘ (alias "Drilmkm Burfoon'elr Who's responsible for
like roses anymore. In the world of’jglt‘irnalisor:  pumng [his pamdy logc‘her' dragged me down to [he
Hen-s Last Stand. ' Rat for a pitcher. Mentor and protege, on the verge of

mm. ﬁve hours or quasiqlccp on the "m ridd a bru-tal production extravaganza. talking about rela-
‘ . - en - ~ .
edi‘t‘orral couch. l'm sufficiently covered with ASP gﬂﬁggzmg Ag‘f,’ become pleasantly waged.
[I]: 331.: Turn ‘3 the soaring white Charade” or ' That-evening i sit and watch the new Council go to
c een an ' ' ‘ ‘ '
editorial. compose this traditional ﬁnd work. Next to me is our News Editor. who got her start
Tradmon. The Alba” s ' as .Central Council reporter. in the spirit of Parody
thirty-six hours of it. Sczi’nni’t‘l!: ggggis’ihseyagggi :0 sisal: uncommmb'y' indmging in a "me 800d: ‘
completion' my mind reds. with the cxcmn umore cynicism of SA bureacracy and rhetoric.
POtS’SIIbIIIIIICS of producing the first issue of a new WESFHISIX ﬁﬁﬁ-b-fnmmom What we ame-
pun reation. At the same time though. lam saddened. Amrio . "d s. n' . . ..
re ectng upon 'all the cherished memories and great- [he wine‘  inhwomfis _ With an cmphas's 0"
       ..     
. ' ' c
8033335533313may or rig/tsp.  a C°£iziigi°52:"a‘;‘i.il'y“'EE.°;i?g.itari§£i';itor n.
e ouse w ie my mother - ' i ' ' »
ltli:)al,t]::esauerkraut." That’s the kind of spirit we have  grﬂgﬁnﬁmzpmmﬁ preducmn' the ab‘
. . ‘ s, as ye 0 occur.

Tradition. It may seem hard to come by in a day and Sometime before midnight, l stepped down into that
when. but as our News Editor is fond of saw." “The traditional haven ol' ASP personnel, Frank 's Living
new time is only three minutes away." In its béicfiife Room' waning for mc’ on lhis' my ﬁnal pmdmlio"
Span. 1:0 IParody has established itself l'irmly in the  (:lumci SUTCSM'.“ it n were. 5.0m“ “'°'°"'“.".'C“

eAroi.‘v 0 Allow)! Student Press tradition. legend or A3311?" .0'  "admon'kwas a [Mug
5 e wen into production Wednesday night, the ’ .‘ y. puma "m T Jae “Jacql‘csn
2e“, C‘cntral Council began its ﬁrs. meeting " [00k  With him were the tlrrec'past generations
l ouncrlhalmost as long to elect a chair as it did for rrs Chm- anagmg Edmm' and " “’rmcr Editor in
0 put t is entire issue together. Talk about tradition ‘ ‘
in fact. each of the past thirty-six hours has been in in ﬁlm (mic “My? mac} group if a legend Orson” 50"
some way laden wnh ASP lradmon' c ora tradition ol ASP lirstory. Their best and

worst moments are immortalized in the “Quotes of the
COL UMN

Don’t you hate the columns in the ASP?I
They're either hopelessly liberal, or
hopelessly partisan, or stupid, or just plain
wrong. Well, here's your chance to see
whatever the hell you think is best right
there tn the ASP. stroking whatever SA of-
lrcral. .or blasting whatever administrators
you think is best. Go to it. guy. . .hell, you

can even write about the Islanders. .
\ \
\ .

".R'IA‘L- i ‘.   . -.

week" plastered all over our office walls. And here]
was, inlproduction for my final issue, downing been
with the great ones. . h
The spirit of Parody was at its peak 'during this
subterranean encounter. We abused ourselves our
friends. enemies, SA, the administration — all in’good
fun of course. Here were the people who had first 5-
doclrlnated me into the twilight zone of Parody join.
nalism. Wayne's funky graphics, Dean's violent anar.
chic production night fits. Patty and Lisa's late night
dancing sprees.
And “Jacques.” king of the captions. production
manager extraordinairre.
For an ASPie.’ seeing Jack is like being iii the
presence of the Bodhisattva. lt's enlightenment. it's
like coming home.

l returned to the Parody in a euphoric bliss. l glow-
ed with ASPiness. l recited of it. Too much alcohol
not enough sleep. two editorials to write. at the same
time. Insane prospects — for anyone hit! an ASI’ie.

it is now 6:00 am. Friday morning. The issue goes
to print in a couple of hours, Patty and slowly turning
Into something reseniling a sponge. And l haven‘t
finished my real editorial yet! insanity is the iiile.
That’s tradition. There is genuinely something
wrong with people who do what we do — and love it!
“Bunch ol' crazy people around here," so goes one of
our rnfaniorrs “quotes.” So it has been. so it is. so |l
shall be.

Tradition.
Yup.

\
\
\

 

 

 

 

   
         

:v‘  ‘ J .
“Th 1‘ . . '/'/l"'  -.
emit/inns A Pair. rd‘iti- as!

 

 

.;

 

iii/T 'H».

   
 
  

"—W’iip turns riﬂe. or.

     

 

 

ﬂ

1

1

 

‘i
r
‘t

   
 
 
 

 

‘3‘
5.
s

i

 aspectcs

 

r

     
 
 

 

LETTERS
Fireside chat

Dear Eddy:

Lounge?
keep warm.

More thanks

Dear Eddy:

was!!!

off their backs to Telethon!!!

Gosh. I mean yorr're all so swell. we couldn't have done it

without you. really!!!

sweet honeys who tnade this Telethon so special!!!
Thank you: Sue. Elicia. John. Joe l’iscopo. Joanna.

Rivers. Andy. Fred. Judy. nob & Carol & Ted & Alice. and
everybody else in the student directory.

Hugs anti Kissypoos.

— Staff of Telethon ‘84

Private bitch

lh-rrr l-Ztldy:

l'm one ol'thosc annoying people who feels that his/her ir-
relevant private hitch should be printed l'or an audience of
15.000.

So here it is:

James. I can‘t believe you spilled beer on the in front of
everyone at Friday’s keg party. I’m so embarrassed! Arid you
knew that riiy iiSl’iRlT shirt riiy mother just scirt me was a
new one.

Establlshad today
David 0.0. Askhlm. Editor in (stained! Ellie-Is

Did you ever notice how there's no fireplace in the Fireside

i'wcnt there yesterday with my brown cardigan and my
rOCking chair. and had to torch an accounting major just to

— Frankie D. Rosevell

Like we just can't say enough about how great Telethon

We'd like to thank all of those sweet. cuddly. adorable.
cutesy. rich people who gave their hearts. souls and the shirts

We’djust like to thank. if it‘s OK with thcASP, all of you

Ilarry. Sam. David Letterman. Phyllis. Mandy. Jack. Joan

; EDllorialPaga: EDllot ..... .

 

 

Gumby Cnmplona. Pokuy Mllchnll. Marrgy Edi/ors

Loose Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . ., . HrghlyGraltnlaialamod)
Sllghlly Loose Edllurs . ,... Plain And Er Dumb. Jim's SO'Dullagam
ASPhyiila Editor......... .. . ..... . . . ., . Droamtn' Keenair‘

 

. ,, , KarlMdrx
Janus Aniinry Napkin
Iarr Clem. rim. Spelling

. .. .. ... Turk Cacancan

Mari: Hear It; man's UIPSI'HIOHG. Oirtcho Martyr
. . Doowop Clinnga Cbanpa

. .. . . Dark Sliolls

. ,. . EDwtird Reindeer

Hts-beans: Bean Dip. The quick brown Fox. Bolt) Gardening. Mark Guess.

Debbie Judge-nofloat-yuc-tm-iudgud. Mark Drvrnri. Hail Morreli, lull of grace.

Waynu Boomerang. Hut Pressure. Anthony Sloblior. Brain Strain. Mi Ttotid~

 

Round Edltor . . . .
Visionary Editor
Kooks Editor .,
. SpamEdltor:..., .
Canned Spam Editor ., H.
SPAM Magazine Editor . .. . .,

 

 seller Clean up Committee: Mic-a Cinibii. Ian Spell, urn. Clements. So Fussy.

Christa Relined Pull 'n‘ Stull writers: I lean Down. S shell Bustier. Jeanne
Crittilvun, Clark Kohl. Boating Sambas. Runnld Dtﬂlll . .ilt‘n Ill. Judy Trad!!-
Mnti. Adam tho lrrst Mari. Giirirle Bun. Bot) Haridoll. EllC Hiding. Norma Koo.
Mrirliello Mri Bullo. Alter.- rn Wonder Land. Cirryn Misty Eyed. Suzanne Srnurly,
John Driver. Maddy CllCCl Crrcci. Joe Romano and Parmesan. The Jan
Sinner. Why Kill lintﬂlililll‘lj'll‘dl thymus; wrlh Skolnick. Alan's subbing. Swanr
siirr Dinners. Vuty Ticklish. Mike Turkaily. Ki-ith Van Halon, llonu Wliirier.
"unit and Lion, in II"! Vanguard. Juhti ni-ntrini. Spacey Editors: ni-riinni Fit
i'iiiirrild. i‘lrria Old. Arllsll: Shade or Britilit Sim. Mtrdul K Ford. OIIS Hayes

 
 

Judy Tyrant. Iltgll Up him [a
Lynn Snvnrln. Nl‘rl Higher Up M.irr.ipr
Lame Search. Cry Woll.Advi-rtrsrni} Morin/its
Rock Cllmbm. lV’lilll‘S Almth

 

 

Boring Accountnm . "(Hull)"! Sotn
Payrollstoalar Gay Pr :-
Classless Mannlri Ll‘i'll'l Cuisrrm
Coiriposl Manat- . . . Marti Canto
Advertlslnu Whnlos: Jack Daniels. Rich and Golden llrown. Calvin Klein,
Slmsu Ltrstroiirian. Matted Slush Advortlslng Produce: Li-rl Erickson. Sugar
F'i‘ti. A'I‘ Firttor. Unseon lerrtiutri. Joan of Arc. Ellyn Mormon. Share an
Acorn. Trii Beanie. Ciriltlulle‘ﬁ Writ), One of "HE Wl‘it‘lllt‘ll. Gophers: Clltléiltlm
Hitlrjo. Beautilully Tlirri. Matgituilly Neanderthal

   

Gorge Tnlloo. Asocrnl i’riiituri- Mir/trim

Chlnl Thundorlool. ,. . “Mr “W Md“
Stitck~up: Mick and Keel. Gone and Wool. Existurrtlnlisls. Wtrrrri ti.ivi- .i Soda
Charlie Chaplin. And she kitlriit Again. Ptiirisririi- Lotions HilVl‘ ii ltlwt‘lllllilll
Double Parkata: Eric Dork. PII'iISt.‘ Hnnilsoll

Food oecassionaltv httpllltttil by University Allllllill)‘ E‘wrvriro. a student group
Chlol Chat and botllu Wasliar: Di-nd Who what whichUAS Crow: Amy Corr-
4"ll‘ttt‘l. George M. Cohan. Richard Ull'tlttti. In tho Gala-try. Adam's ltrh. Hut
‘ihi'r Kiss. mm a NIIWII. Un Ltlt ky. Lnls Min .. Pun. Si:riwiappur-wssnrim.
"Nth-mt Simmons. Surrey Stlsalt. siiingi-r Ctrlrilor). War and 'ltoril oinvury
Sitickun, Rudolt Valentino, .

Enllra conlnnts copyright today. Albany Sturtonr Parody Corporation. all
Ialln reserved.

The Albany Strident Parody rs: published Tuesdays and Fridays and odd
Thursdays that Ian during ltltmllttl Illill “Pill” With 0. try the Albany Swim"!
Parody Corporation. a doporidirnt nonprotitiriq corporation

Editorials are made up by rtiii Editru iii tstiuni-di (Tools with "lll'lllllﬂls of tlio
Janitorial Donut; policy in autumn to width Columns am writtun by whatever
sin:an we can can Into lllllnu ttiri spacu lor its ltilvortlslnn policy dons not
noctrasarlly tullocl editorial policy. iiiicopl. ol course. rti tho cnso ol ROTC
ads. whltzh we are all vohumnntiy against Plru!

Stirling address.
Albany Student Parody. LL oor
Thlttl Floor
Armpit ol the universe. 122222222
(518) A57-8390/6087I4545

 

 

 

 

 

 

Dr. Cannon. i don’t understand why you have it in for me. I
I think my own funeral is a valid excuse to miss a test; Please 
o

reconsider my B.

Debbie. i would really really appcciatc it if you returned
my Mcnudo album and my Lacostc leg warmers. If you‘re Dear Eddy: '

wondering why I'm not talking to you. I did have the ban-

dana hung on our door last Friday night.
I i'ccl much better.

What's all this about Soviet Jewelry. Eagle Rights and the
Presidential Erection?!
—Enilly thtcll

— Name wllheld upon request

Apathy

Dear Eddy: ‘
i am an apathetic student. i don’t vote because it doesn't

matter if Lowcnbrau.(or is that Michelob. personally I go for

Molson). or if Mr. Fallic wins - is that gonna make my cum
any better? You bet your sweet ass it won't.

Brit then again. since the bomb is going to destroy us all
any day now..l don‘t bother to study for tests either; The last
time i was in my Oceans class we were discussing Pacific cor-
ttl formations. is THIS REALLY RELEVANT???

Then again. even though my classes are bullshit. and the
world is facing destruction l'rorn nukes. or crazy men wearing
tires :.and toxic wastes will make mutants ot' us all. l'ni
really not very active in politics or any groups. Remember
when they all went down to the Capital last year? Well. I
went too — but only because I thought there was a Macy's
down there rind l'd heard thcrc was a sale.

 

Love.
'l'iffany

Sociopathy

Dear Eddy:

l arri a sociopatliic mass-murderer looking for a little
publicity to add to my already dangerously bloated delusions
ol'grttndcrrr. (‘ould you please oblige “ill! a four pagccenlcr
spread of my latest rnirrdcr‘.’ it involicd a slim. \\k'llL‘.
balding butler type ilillllLLl Chauncey. who I cornered down
at the dark end of“ Benson St. after a very long and ag-
gravating chase. and who \\t.‘lll 'I‘Ittrrtlr! very softly when i hit
lrirri with my use.

'l'ltcr'c‘s it lot of good in this deal for bolli of its. . .yoir get
more rcitdcis. and my dangerously precarious grip oti reality
is looscncd cicn further by tile harrowing fcrir I begin to
believe I inspirc in your readers. I hope we can look forward
to ii long and prosperous crirccr together.

Thanks a lot.
Sort ol' .Iiiii
l’.S. (‘all the Irtr/nir't-rfur rlcluilv llllil [ri.\'. I‘Irurrki tier/in!

Yellow journalism

I)eiir Eddy:

Here it is. your last issue of the )cat. and you consider
yourself to be free from the restraints of rcsporrsriiility. jour-
nalistic integrity. and good taste; so. with a sinisth cttcklc.
you decide to produce a parody issue. inrirritically slashing
arid dcmtrtirig every \\‘t)flll\\llllt.‘ or'grrrri/trliori. cause, and
ideology on campus. and spitting tlrctii lntck out like bittcr'
bile onto eight pages of cowardly lies illltl poisonous siti.

And )0” do so with iriiputtity. \ccing yourself and _\otir
stuff of gritlcss trolls as itrirrlnct'riblc to retaliation.

(iricss again. phlegm brill.

if I can make it onto this Letters page before your issue
cicti comes out. I can burn you down where you liie. . .

l)ic. )cllow journalist dog.

The .lirckril

From Eunuch Chaned

When it man thinks. he (ll: FRA’l‘lZS power: A power
used in it certain line or field. to the iidsatitagc of the
'l'hinker.

'l‘lic humrui mind (or llrairr) is merely it capacity w an if
used diligently. can become an IEN()RM()US capacity 7--
tlial will ll\'L' idle curiosity. or ii REFLECTION of thoughts.
to arrive at it tlcl’initc conclusion in a certain line. or line. of a
thought.

After it Brain has overwrite the gravitational field of
:oiiiprcherisivc thinking. it can cuter irtto (fields. depths.
levels) that are beyond cotiiprclrcnsivc thinking. which are
the secluded intrer thoughts. ‘l'licsc thoughts can stem out in
perhaps t'il'tccri different directions. l arrive at the nrrnrbcr
fil'tccn. perhaps through modesty of my own. or perhaps it
is place there by (EDI). my I’A’l I HR.

The term Rlil-‘ll-ZC'TION of thoughts. denote thoughts
that are place iii the llrairi by (I) foreign origin or (2) by
thoughts that were originally in the lirairi.

Ily thoughts that were originally in the lirain. these can
be split itito atoms so they MUSHROOM indifferent direc—
.ioris,

First of all. a tliortgiil must be placed in the Brain. and
thoughts can derive l'rorii several sources.

In my case — from solitary thinking —— thoughts catr be

   

expounded through Light.

There are two sources ol‘ LIGHT. One from GOOD. rind

one front EVIL.

GOD is connected invariably with the GOO!) LIGHT.
The Devil is connected with the EVIL LIGHT.
Personally. I tend to strive toward that which is good;

The ASP sucks -

Dear Eddy:

l'm a student attending Albany State and many times
while reading through the ASP l have come across letters to
the editor addressing the problem of the ASP's sensa-
tionalism. mudslinging. and outright favrications that appear
in each issue of the paper. -

Of course. like any other SUNY student. [agree with those
letters. I mean. everyone knows that the ASP never gets
anything right. and I know why. '

Lets analyze their situation. Those people are CRAZY.
They never go to classes. making them intellectually deli-
cicni. They never sleep. so they look like shit at least two
days a week (usually more. but those production nites really
take their toll). They live on diet coke and coffee. so they've
got brain damage from all of that caffeine and nutrasweet.

They talk about weird things like student policy. the state
of the nation. what happened at the sports events on campus.
the philosophy of news writing. whats going on in the world
— I mean who really cares about sitch things? i have enough
to worry about: planning my schedule. meeting my roomates
for lunch and comparing how many hours I spent in the
library with everyone else in my major.

And besides. we all know that they're on drugs. I've seen
them running around the 3rd ﬂoor of the Campus Center
yelling about how they need .\I(II clienticttls‘. Tell it to thc
riarcs. ASPics.

So lets do the entire campus. the itdiiiinistratiun. and the
Albany Coriiiiiurrity a big favor and ritti those ASl’liolcs out
of town. l'tii talking billyclubs. chains. gcr'mari slieperds.
and lltc thing that those papermr’tcs fear most. sunlight.

Let's restore this campus to the slate of apathy that we all
know and love. Let‘s lynch Norbert and Jody. i.ct‘s steal the
'l'rcndscttcr. Do it for Nurr/io!

linoiigli is enough. Ai.l. YOU ASI’IIES. GO HOME AND
(K) 'i'() HIJil-Il’ I lKl‘ ’I III- RIES'i' OF US!!!!!!!!!

—SU N. \’AStiidcnl

Plaid thoughts

Dciir lidtly:
How come Rich Loiscnirrarr alutiys \vcrtrs plaid shirts?
—Ricli's Morn

 

The editors of Aspects wish to
thank our mentor, Gall Merrell,
for her help and tolerance
over this past semester,
and especially during this last issue.

Happy Graduation, Gall.
We love you.

 

 

but in this form of life on liriitlr. this is almost a physical
and mental impossibility.

When one is contended with l\\tl forces. these lend to
sway one from the other.

Thoughts are also placed in the Ilrtiitr by cotucrsalion
\crbally front another person.

Comprehensive thinking is merely the mctittti scope of
l ifc and L‘\L'l')'llil) thinking.

I once made the caustic rcrlrnr'k‘ lto myself) that I should
write it book entitled: I/Ult‘ to [lei-mitt- .-l (r‘()l), or Do It
Yourself.

MY FATHER lct oin ti tour of laughter!

Of course this “as some time ago. arid as time passes. it
bccomcs less amusing. \\'itlr the passing oi limc. man ric-
qrriics MORE knowledge and NOT less. and of course
knowledge can be botlr llitrlllllll and helpful.

 

 

The more knowledge one attains. the heavier hL‘CUIHk'\
tlic ( ‘rowu. hence the phrase: "Ilt'trvi' l.\ I/ri' head I’m! ri't'irrr
Illt‘ t‘rtrri'rt. "

Sometimes i believe it is best to be content with the sim-
ple things in lit'e. but when one comes into contact with
()Nl-I of enormous knowledge. there seems to bc arr uncon-
trollable. mad. desire to obtain that information. It scents
so bearrtiful' i tlic information. -

H" " ed the enormous information. one feels
that the Beauty of it fades. and he turns to new fields to
conquer.

Such is the hell for having this tirade inferno for a Brain.
and when the torment of a BIG headache dies down. one
tends to pick up the pieces that he has left. and start anew.
where thoughts were broken off.

As long as Life and Time remain in that Brain and body.
it continries to move. ever forward. ‘til it will cease to exist

  

'3
E
E
‘r’

 

in a dimension of Time and Light.

 

 

 
  
    

 

