 

.s‘

"“ “a “3" $332136"

..;ai"m.

— «'-‘. 3‘1"“;

‘T’ .4" 312‘ "

 

   

 

 

By MARK lEVlNE‘
Assor late Magazine Editor

Here it is. t'olks: my last column. As I’ve done all year I'll
try and relate to you my thoughts and ideas in the world oi
sports.

Right now I'm preoccupied with the Reggie (.‘ount tl7
more homeruns until 500), the Great Gretzky's quest for the
Islander Cup, and the Olympic basketball learn.

But it is baseball season, so what l'ye done is prepared an
All-Superstar teani. This isn't one 01' those "if you're starting

a team tomorrow” teams where age is a consideration. This '

is my starting nine, in a batting order i would have, of the
nine best players at their positions in baseball today. Here
goes. '

.t-Rlcky Henderson, lF —- I love greal leadoff hitters, and I
think Henderson is the most dangerous hitter in the
American League. I know you're sayingtoyourseli, "What is
this guy, bananast More dangerous than Cal Ripken, lr.t Ed-
die Murray? Cecil Cooper?" Yeah, I think so. Not only is be
scary when he's up, he lerrifies me once he gets on base. llis
on base percentage is phenomenal tutti last year), and once
he gets on base he makes everyone else in the lineup a great
hitter. The int'ielders are running all over the place, the pit-
cher has to throw fastballs to the batter and is Concentrating
so much on keeping Henderson close that the batter
becomes secondary. lie is the ideal leadot'l' hitter, has a great
arm, and catches anything hit in his zip code.

2-Cecil Cooper, III — A complete tossup between him
and Eddie Murray. but Coop would he a better second hit-
ter. This guy has put up numbers like .320, 37 HR. IZS Rtils
for six, seven years, and he isn't even mentioned as one of
baseball’s greats. But he is by me, and rightly so. More than
any other sport baseball is a numbers game, and Coop puts
up sensational slats every year. He's also a Gold Glover at
first and hits well in the clutch. He's never won an MVP in
any one year, but nobody in baseball has been better than
him for the last few years.

3~Dave Winfield, RF —- One thing that Winfield has
shown since coming to the Yanks is this: it' he had even a de-
cent supporting cast on his team for his entire career, he'd
be headed straight to Cooperstown. Instead, he's only been
able to show us-in the last three years what‘s been true all
along: he is very possibly the best all~around player in the

 

; m...‘

game. 00 you know of anything that he does on the field
that isn‘t superb, except maybe throw the ball when a bird is
in the way? He is a true legend who can carry a team for long
stretches of a season and has put up great numbers at a
treacherous righthanded batter’s stadium. Also has a terrific
arm. runs like a gazelle, and giyes the HO percent effort
every game.

4-Milte Schmidt, 38 — I don’t know what can be said
about this guy that hasn't been said a dozen times before.
Another Gold Glover and a lock for the Hall of Fame,

Schmidt has to be regarded as the best thlrd baseman of our
time and maybe all time. when you talk about an MVP
meaning the player most valuable to his team, think about
where the Phillies would have been the last several years
without Schmidt. Let’s put it this way: the Phils may never
have finished anything higher than fourth place. Talk about a
guy who can carry a team! This man alone makes the Phils a
contender. Hits with power to all ﬁelds, and is an RBI man as
well as being a great homerun hitter, which can't be said

8b

UNYTUNES

says

 

 

$5.99 Sale!

 

 

 

 

..- .-.w.*~~._... ..

Georgetown was a GREAT team, led by
Hoya Pat Ewing.

 

 

 

,/ - i-

BA R/B’Rl

.. .- 0mm-.. «-..... .__.... .- _.« maﬁa»... ta..-

 

Best preparation Possible for

Ill GMAT/LSAT CRE 19W

Call now for $700 Early enroll ent DISCOUNT-

434-2987
or contact your SUNYA Rep.:

Dennis Murphy
Lori Manning

Mike Nango
Tania Pietrzack

      
   

.. .v......_. I 1...... H. .

TUESDAY, MAY r, 1984 cr ALBANY STUDENT PRESS.I.SpoﬂsMa’/I 

all players It was a GREAT sports Ye

By MIKE BRUSCO

Staff Writer

What a year. We all come here in
September huuing about the U.S. Open and
the end of the baseball season and leave
wondering what happened to the Giants and
lets.

Actually there was a lot of activity in bet-
ween that gave us plenty to talk about in the
cafeteria. Especially this year, 1984. No, I'm
not going to mention that guy who wrote
about Big Brother. I mean the Olympics. Tl ll?
OLYMPICS. I‘JlH IS AN ()U'Ml’lC YEAR.

(iiiess what! We stunk out the place in
Sarajevo. Rosalynn Summers said there was
no way that she would lose the gold medal in
figure skating. She rame in second. ABC
shined the U.S. lior key team down our
throats, yirtnally l om lltt ing in. ii 'liere was
no way they \sonldn’t get .i medal. lliey
didn't.

UK, UK. so Srott Ilrimiltiin did what he
was snpposr-rl to do in the men's ttgnre
skating, and this t or M .n-lrrnul tronit ‘lllt)l-
old “on the men's «Iounlnll (in t.lll
though .i disappointing iiiiisli till I'm ir' Rani

lint lir-\ tlir‘iriui-w-tlnngslit-rrigt.' ‘tttiit
granted on lllt' ltir‘llt‘ tirnit .is \\rl| lltt‘
Niiliiaska (tilltlitt~i\I'i~ tor t‘\.ttllt)li- “Joy.
Ilirs \\.is .I lt'.t|tl lllt'\ hail tltier- ot the ltll)

loin rolli-ge tootliall players to the nation in
Mike l\'t)/l(‘l, bung lisuir and l)l’.tll
\lt‘ltllstlltlt'l. llu- llltlel‘t‘s heat teams iiy
st nit-s ot tlJ l-l. llns team was (iRFAl.

tiiiilet'iuiterl, ttltlll'tl, and unafraid, they
\(‘ltllttt'tl into thi- (Mange Bowl on New
Year's Day to pir k up thiI National Cham-
pionship latiiels. One more minor obstacle
ri'iiiameil: the Miami l ltiirir anes. l'he 'Caoes
wen- a good team, tilled with your typical
no-nami-s, only losing once during the
season. Nebraska was an ll-point favorite.
No problem. ‘

j

FINAL SCORE: Miami 3t, Nebraska 30.
Rozier sprains an ankle, .Fryar drops a-
touchdown pass and Steinkuhler walls to be
drafted by the Giants. A bad day all around.
So much for greatness.

Of course, you can’t discuss football
without bringing up the USFL. Rather,
without bringing up the name Donald
Trump. Ah yes, Mr. Trump. Now here‘s a
guy who’s got Chutzpah. Forget the fact that
he is responsible for bringing the fledgling
league instant credibility by signing Herschel
Walker. He also signed the one, the only,
Lawrence Taylor. While he was still with the
Giants. The Giants paid Trump just under a
million dollars thn-e necks later to get Taylor
released t'rom that contract. which might
have neier been enforced anyway. lust
tinder .i million dollars. 1 was about to say i
don’t lielir-w it, but then I remind myselfthat
this is the (iirints \\t"it’ dealing with.

lint \\.tll \‘oir uaot t lint/pah? Try the i ily
(it ll.iltiiiiort- llnrnn; lllt‘ NH. season. you
ronlrlii't grit .i good i ltl'l km more going in
Memorial \tarliiiin “hr-n lltt' (iolts \\t‘ll’ in
town So ii\\tn-t l\‘illil'll lis.iy, led up with llIt‘
lat k tll l.ni support iiroti‘s his [(‘rllli lii ltt~
tlltllldlltilts ‘lrm llit‘tll\ \stiiits lilood \iirl
lllt‘ (rill. litti uni ltlrtlllt‘ ltsay,’ Irisiiig
iiir lli‘t ~.\.is Hrrt run. or his lost loves .‘\tt opt n
iiir‘-..,n;i to thin tl\ til lialtriltoio til .rnyiiiii- lt
lldlltltliltl‘ lt'.ltl‘- llll' \\l’l it \ttll want to l.l‘t p
.t trunn in,» to lllt‘ '.IlIlt'H,

llti\\t'\t'l, lllt'lt‘ are some games that lit]
ltltltl.ttt slionlrl ll.l\t‘ ltt't‘lt foil ell to \\itiii'ss,
aner ttrml isniir's tor instanie: espi-(ially
this yeai‘s game t‘t slaughter. W’as it Rl./\l.»
lY ltl W!!! llow ronlil the Ilogs only store
IIIIH‘ points’ | int-an they had Riggins and
Brown and llir'ismann .iiirl...o|i forget it. lini-
my IlIt' (irei-k \\as right this time. The LA.
Raiders are the best team in football. But
they probably couldn't beat Nebraska. The
lluskers are (iRlAT. .

 

8D

 

(Next to

 

 

W
excl: tnggrancgt
ol rn downat

Barry Scott
Insurance Agency ;
811 ContralAnnuo

orango Ford)
Alhany.N.Y. 12206
J TotoHIQ-IIIOS

 

CHINESE STUDENTS
ASSOCIATION
will be having an

election and
general meeting
May 3 rd in .
LC 6 at 8:00pm-
For further
information,
contact Alan Wong
at 489-6205

 

 

 

 

 

ADELPHI UNIVERSITY

LSAT/GMAT
/SAT

PREPARAYIOI
COURSES

PIERRE Mill WINDING!
- Complete in-class and
supplemental materials
- Simulated exam conditions
- Limited class size

CLASSES NOW
FORMING IN
ALBANY

June 16 GMAT: June 2
June It] LSAT: Ju‘he 2

cut new:
(516) 481 4034
Toll Free:
009-222-1551
0' It 0:
Adolplil University
Frustration comm
301 hula Avariiia
WIS! tturripslnit. 11.141552
NOW OFFERED IN:

 

Iri CUUMIIIIlM mitt tiic Nlllﬂ'II‘
Cantu tar Educational leslino In: \—

TmED OF DRAGGING YOUR STUFF HOIIIE
AT THE END OF THE SEMESTER ? .9 .9

WE’LL TAKE THE LOAD OFF YOUR SHOULDERS

You rent the size space you need on a month—to-month basis.
You provide your own lock and key and there is no maximum limit on poundage.
NO ONE BUT YOU has access to y0ur storage room.

Low monthly rates —
about 10¢ per cubic foot!

 

etc.

* 25 % off lst month's rent w/ this ad - expires June let i

1750 CENTRAL AVENUE, COLONIE
(1 MILE WEST OF COLONIE CENTER 0N ROUTE 5)

j

869-3599

 

 

