 

..;_,-=_a..’...

. «Imuﬂrm. ’4 avg/“42.x...”- .

H.”- -..__. _

i get ..

 ‘ I at: Escribe the
p Albany Statefsjcwsd
Floss country team. Aith‘o g‘h last
season .'s record. pryoved to brijabn‘ieivhpt
disappointing due.toy injuries“ and.-stude "
he team is very optimistic thatthts'
ould prove ’to be one of the ﬁnest" in

story at Albany. "

 

. Coach Ron White...

. ll -
returning .to coach his four
countlfy loath here at SUNY
possesses considerable .dept
as mahy“as ﬁve athletes returningtfrom the.
1982 t‘am Alban 's ﬁnest, 'which ﬁnished

. 7\ _ -

-‘m

 

~legiate‘career. ,

Another outstanding returning senior is
Erma 'George from Far Rockaway, last
season's Most improved Player (MIP). Both
George and Patch hold the distinction of

"ﬁltaving lettered in each of their three previous

lcrossl-c'ountry seasons, a feat that gives both

women the potential to become the ﬁrst
women in Albany 'State's history to collect
four varsity letters in the sport of cross-
country. . '

Bette Dzamba (Hastings-on-Hudson). and

., Donna Burnham (New Raltz), juniors, are
“ the other veteran runners that were members

of the winning 1982 team. Although plagued
by injuries through much of last season,
Dzamba has returned this season in excellent
form due to extensive summer workouts.
Donna possesses notable speed, as evidenced
'by‘ her setting of the University record for the
women's outdoor BOO-meters: These ﬁve
returning athletes. having been part of a win-

- ._tting team, will be able to contribute a

. UPS
The women's oross-eouhtry team will
open their season tomorrow at home.

with a 7-4-l duul/tri meet record. And
although we didn't have the same success last
season. we did win the Capital District
Championship and the women had a terriﬁc
attitude toward competing; they never gave
up on themselves and eagerly looked forward
to the next competition.”

That commendable attitude will be'cafried
over into this season by co-captains Karen
Kurthy and Kim Patch.- Kurthy is a junior

, from Kiamesha Lake, returning to run her

third cross country season for Albany. Voted
MVP for the 1983 season, Kurthy also holds
the school record for the women's indoor
lSOO-meters. Patch, a senior from Endwell,
is noted for her consistency and is looking to

positive. winning feeling toward the entire
team.

Other returning members include junior
Chris Varley "and sophomores Kitty Sullivan

' (Brooklyn), Maura Mahon (Brooklyn), and

Carla Dockerty (Smithtown). Varley, return-
ing for her second season, is coming off an
outstanding outdoor season in which she was
voted the team MiP. Dockerty, also return-
ing for her second season, had a commen-
dable outdoor season as well and was
rewarded by winning the Coaches Award, a
recognition given to the athlete who displays
extreme dedication and drive.

Sullivan and Mahon are returning for their
second season in top form due to their
diligence in running throughout the summer.
This running will enable them to reach their
full potential earlier in the season than was
previously expected.

Rounding out the team are newcomers
Lynn Jacobs, junior, sophomores Lisa
Petras and Sue Golla. and freshmen Rachel
Raslow and Kim Pettichord. Both Petras and
Golia ran indoor track last season and thus
already possess valuable collegiate ex-
perience. Rachel and Kim both have con-
siderable high school experience and
potential.

Lynn Jacobs is a transfer student from

 

w

The Purple Reign invades New
Haven, Saturday 1:30 PM '

 

 

 

Lone; amen-ti? 

 

 

 

Try our specials

‘\

 

. Join the crowd for. our outrageous
evening specials.

MON-T (l 'S' 3-6 m:
Domestic'Dtott-Lloo nlots 2.50 pitcher
Melton Drott- 1.” glass 3.10 pitcher
not Liquor-’3 10  * I ,
Eigl. 19-62 m: V
imported Bottled Mir.
Bar liquor- g-  ' »‘ '
SﬁT.ondsSUN.',L-3-62m .
Domestic mousse gloss 2&9 PM?"
Molson Draft- .55 grams pitcher
Buys mixed drinks and p’oy only $1.00
lot 0 long Bmh  ‘

" “M” "  .rr.v.nsos

in the afternoon:

.1 ;.

JWM M.)

 

 

STATE QUAD 9:00
r (Eastman Tower lobby)
"DUTCH QUAD 10:00
(Stuyvesant Tower Lobby)

TO PLACE ORDER CALL 465-1922

Extra Pizza’s

Missouri State University who, due to
NCAA regulations, was required to sit out
last season. She proved herself a more than
capable runner with considerable range in the
outdoor season by setting records in the
3000, 5000 and 10,000-meter races.

Coach White is also'pleased to have, as his
Assistant Coach, Ms. Kelly Hoskings, a
graduate of Bucknell University, presently
attending SUNY‘s Graduate School of Social
Welfare. Ms. Hoskings, a Conference record
holder in the 10,000-meters is. according to
Coach White, “a positive addition to the
team."

Workouts, which are held Monday - Fri-
day are very demanding and cover distances
of 6-10 miles. Much emphasis is placed by
Coach White on a structured team warm-up.
which he feels provides the feelings of
togetherness and unity the team needs to sue-
ceed. The ﬁrst test of this theory will be on
Saturday at 1:00 pm. when the Danes play
host to Williams. Middlebury, and Bates
Universities. CI

Danes win opener
<Back Page

Murphy pounced on the ball at the two-yard
line. Two plays later a Milano pass deflected
off an lthaca defender into the hands of an
alert John Donneiy for'the score.

Albany scored on their next drive with a
45-yard ﬁeld goal by Dave Lincoln with 8:40
remaining in the half. That would be the end
of the Danes' scoring for the afternoon as
Lincoln missed his next four ﬁeld goals and
Charlie Ciknis failed on one attempt.

‘ There was a great scare for the Danes in
the ﬁnal seconds. Down 10-6, lthaca's Kass
hooked up with Rob Pride for 40 yards down
to the Albany to. With seven seconds left on
the clock, Kass, under a heavy rush, tried
throwing the ball away but it wound up in the
unsuspecting arms of defensive lineman.
Murphy.

Said Ford in the lockerroom after the
game. "i think my ulcers grew three inches
the last few minutes of the game."

When Ford heard the bad news about

Milano's ankle the next day, his ulcers pro-
bably grew even more.
PAW PRINTS: An enthusiastic crowd of
3,156 was in attendance. The fans on the hill
tried their own version of “the
wave".

interested

’ in Writing
sports for

_, the ASP?

Call 457-3322,

ask for Marc,

K e i t h o r

Dean.

 

 

 

 

 

 

R
Wednesday-Saturday

plus

COLONIAL QUAD 11:00
(Livingston Tower lobby) ~
INDIAN QUAD 12:00
(Mohawk Tower Lobby)

Available in Lobby ‘

for Immediate Sale

195 Lark Street
v 465-1922 .

   7  

By Kelth Murder
5m"! cotton
The Greet Dene Transcript will be s new
feature in the ASP for the football seeson.
it will consist of e position-by-posltlon
analysis for the Danes after each game.
When a team wins a football game 10-6.
two things usually come to mind. First, that
the defense played a fantastic game. Se-
cond, that the offense-could not move the
ball.
in the case of Albany's l0-6 win over
lthaca on University Field last Saturday on-
ly one of the two were true. The defense did
play a great game. They only made two
mistakes: There were a few missed tackles
on Steve Kass’ 69-yard touchdown scamper
and there was a 40-yard pass play from
Kass to Robert Pride in the closing seconds
of the game.

The offense was able to move the ball.

The Danes had a drive that started from

their own four and ended 01 ithaca's two.

Another drive started on the Dane 17

before being stopped on the lthaca seven.
OFFENSE

Quarterback: Before Mike Milano got hurt.
he seemed as if he were already in mid-
season form. He was l6-27, for no yards
and a touchdown. Milano also connected
with junior Chris Haynor for a lJ-yard
gain on fourth and l2 to keep a drive alive.
Milano's replacement. Anthony Nozzi. was
2-2 and showed the ability to move the team
in some pressure situations.

Grade: II

Running Backs: Caesar Revano's 79 yards
on l3 carries (6.l) was good enough to
make him Division iii's ECAC “Rookie of
the Week". Responsible for freeing Revano
on most of his runs was junior Dana
Melvin, whose blocking left many of
ithaca's defenders on the ground watching
Revano run around them. Melvin was also
tied for leading receiver honors with John
Donnelly. Dave Soldini had a very solid se-
cond half when the Danes were trying to eat
up the clock.

Grade: A-

Receivers: A little case of the dropsies, but
then again the Danes' only touchdown
came through the air. Donnelly showed
great reactions catching the touchdown
pass after it had been tipped by a Bomber
defender. Haynor also had the clutch grab
on the fourth-and-twelve.

Grade: II

 

Offensive Line: They kept ithaca's two-

Nozzi to start i

By Marc Berman
smkrs EDITOR
The scene occured last Friday afternoon,
following the Albany State football team's
ﬁnal practice before their season opener
against lthaca.
Albany State’s Sports information Direc-
tor Marc Cunningham called reserve quarter-
back Anthony Nozzi over to the sidelines:“i
Just wanted to know which name you prefer
using," asked Cunningham to Nozzi. “Do
You prefer ‘Tony’ or ‘Anthony’.
"i like ‘Anthony‘, said the sophmore from
Penﬁeld, Rochester.
“Okay. great. 'Anthony' it shall be", said
Cunningham. After all, when your name ap-
pears in big headlines, we want it to be the
way you want it."
Noui chuckled and ran off to the locker-
oom with the rest of the squad.
At the time. the scene seemed trivial.
' Reporters weren't planning to use Nozzi's
Elite too much this season. Junior Mike
Milano was back as the starting quarterback,
g nd after breaking a couple of Dane passing
._» ecords last year, there wasn’t much talk
1 bout Milano's backup.
Now there is. With Milano out for the
, pason with a broken ﬁbula.Nozzi, a 4.0 stu-
ent‘ who started every game for the junior
arslty last year, has been thrust into the star-
ntt role for the varsity. He will make his
cbut tomorrow afternoon at New Haven.
1 Already, the comparisons between him
nd Milano have started.“He doesn't have as
, 7°“! an arm as Milano and he has a slower
,_ lease".analyzed Coach Bob Ford. "but

 

v

 

"5 "10 kind of guy that gets the job done:
ge's not the type of athlete that you see on

P 9 field ajnd say to yourself ‘wow'. He does
it“ lob quietly. Milano is definately's more
emotional player. Anthony leads by

l
:

Fatbhv.vs‘ehri§ii‘et=‘ﬁ' ‘ ‘ ;; 1

time Ali-American nomackle Bill Sheerin,
relatively quiet throughout the game. They
were also responsible for the Danes' runn-
ing success. As Soldini said after the game,
“The holes we were getting were just
great." But, on the other hand. Albany had
plroblcms punching the ball in from within
t e ten. .

Grade: I

DEFENSE
Defensive Line: Awesome. lthaca did not
have a clue of how to stop Albany's ends:
Ron Washington (three sacks) and.Dennis
Murphy(a fumble recovery to set up a score
and an interception with :04 left to ice the
game). When lthaca tried to go up the mid-
dle to avoid Washington and Murphy. they
were treated as rudely by tackles John Red-
mond and George lacobaccio.
Grade: A .
Linebackers: Jim Valentino, who led the
team in tackles, played an excellent game
cleaning-up of whatever got through the
line. Bo Murphy also recorded his ﬁrst var-
sity sack at Kass' expense.
Grade: B
Secondary: The Bombers did not go’ that
far too often but when they did. Jimmy
Collins. Wayne Anderson. Ray Priore,
Mark Piersimoni and co. were all in there
doing some heavy hitting.
Grade: B
Kicking Game: Piersimoni's five punts for
a 32.4-yard average including a 45 yard
bomb was respectable. Dave Lincoln's
45-yard field goal was the virtual game win-
ner. Lincoln sent two kickoffs sailing into
the Bombers‘ end zone. The Danes were 0-5
on their other five field goal attempts in-
cluding a 27-yard chip shot with l:24 left in
the game.
Grade C +
Special Teams: Rogelio Mitchell and
Anderson had several nice returns with
Anderson almost breaking one for big yar-
dage. Albany compiled 53 return yards
while their special teams held the Bombers
to just 34. lthaca pinned the Danes inside
of their own 20 yard-line on four occasions.
Grade: B-
Fans: Watch out Met fans. Albany has a
wave of its own —- The Purple Wave. 3,156
came out to cheer on the Danes not includ-
ed in the crowd was Lisa Birnbach who call-
ed Albany along with Emory the least
school spirited school in the nation in her
book, Lisa Birnbach's College Book.
Grade: A
Overall GPA: 3.21

 

n New Haven

example".

Milano, who spent three days in Albany
Memorial Hospital and is now back on cam-
pus sporting crutches. had only good things
to say about his replacement: “He knows the
offense really well, he probably knows it bet—
ter than i do".

But as Coach Ford knows, there is alot
more to quarterbacking, such as the ability to
execute under pressure.

And Ford was impressed with the way
Nozzi handled himself last week in the fourth
quarter.

“i was anxious to see how Anthony would
do in that situation,"said Ford. “He came in
with all sorts of pressure. his ﬁrst varsity
game, sitting on a slim lead,with a pretty de-
cent crowd out there. i think he did a very
capable job."

The Danes were protecting a four point
lead and the plan was to keep the ball on the
ground and keep the clock moving.And
that's just what Noui did. He started a drive
with 8:29 to play and guided the Danes
downfield to the lthaca ten before Dave Lin-
coln missed a ﬁeld goal.

“i was just concentrating on making clean
handof‘fs," said Nozzi. i think i played well
and the guys feel i played well. i did what i
had to do in that situation."

Going into tomorrow's game, Nozzi is
conﬁdent but not cocky: “i know i can han-
dle the offense,"said the soft-spoken
sophomore. "l feelJ'm playing behind a very
strong offense. They are all rallying behind
me, no one is getting downbecause Mike is
out."

Even Milano sounded optimistic: “i think
the guys will play harder to compensate. i
still think we'll do really well this season."

How well? "We'll just have to‘ walnand
see," said Ford. “i can't answer that yet." E]

I, t

- .~--... 

- a

 

i mmi‘s‘rwsm‘ps 

w Pr
k' l '

, ..
W 'v' '-0. t M iv 
.

 

ED MAIUWCN

Tlhen Presblo prepares to shoot the ball past the airborne goalie.

Men’s soccer team out
to gain experience

By Steven Heller

As the [984 soccer season opens, mixed
emotions surround the men's varsity team.
“Our strongest point is the skill level and
depth of all our players but we have a young
team and we have yet to prove ourselves in
college competition," comments Assistant
Coach Afrim Nezaj.

While youth is a key factor, the varsity
squad docs-have some returning players that
have shown they can play. Co-captains Jerry
lsaacs and Jeff Hacket have both played on
the New York State Ail-Stars ﬁrst team,
while last year‘s leading scorer Tihan Presbie
strengthens the team‘s offense.

Head Coach William Schieffelin is work-
ing hard to set up a balanced team and im-
prove on last year’s 6-7-1 record. “The
hardest void to fill will be the sweep position
or roaming defenseman. We lost an excellent
sweeper by the name of Mike Miller. so this
year we must shift a lot of players in order to
compensate."

Schieffelin will start tlte season with Jeff
Hacket at sweeper. but “when Hackcl plays
midfield. he and lsaacs (forward) compli-
ment each other superbly." said Schieffelin.
The next most likely candidate to play the
sweep position is Francisco (Paco) Duane.

Defensively, Scott Cohen has played very

well throughout the pre-season and the
Danes remain strong in goal with returning
junior Tom Merritt. who has been given
tough competition by freshman Howie Tygar
from Half Hallow Hills High School.

"Attitude is an important factor," says
Coach Schieffelin. "We are a solid team
without many stars but the players all get
along and work well together." in addition
to cooperation, attitude also entails the
desire to win. “A lot of the teams we play
have that killer instinct. Usually younger
teams (is of the 21 players are freshmen or
sophomores) can be somewhat intimidated
and might not play with as much heart," ex-
plains Nezaj. “i want to take one game at a
time and get the team to play with as much
intensity as any other team."

Three freshmen have won starting posi-
tions on the team; Mike Jasmin from
Flushing High, Warren Manners from
Oceanside and Ramapo's Pat D‘Acosla, who
is expected to score a handful of goals this
season.

"The first four games will tell the story."
Coach Schicffelin continued. “1 want to be
2-0 going into our third and fourth games
against Manchester of England and Mon-
tgomery Community College. By then we
should know who will be playing each posi-
tion." I:

Netmen shellacked by Army-

<Back Page

and Schuliger in what Coach Lewis termed as
a lackluster performance. 6-l. 6-3. Gerber's
doubles partner is normally Sanders. but his
injured elbow prevented him from playing
doubles. Sophomre Dave Zobier filled in for
Sanders and combined with Gerber for
Albany's only victory of the match. They
defeated Ramsey and Rick Bjork, 7-5, 5-7.
7-6.
Zobier didn't know that he was playing
until l0 minutes before the match. "I was
playing an exhibition match at seventh
singles when someone came over to tell me."
said Zobier. “i thought i'd play singles and
doubles because Sanders was hurt. When he
played singles, i figured that he would play
doubles also."

Coach Lewis doesn't think that the loss
will have an adverse effect on the team.
“This match will help us in the long run,"
said Lewis. “This was not one of Army’s

strongest teams. so we must realize that we-

have to play well to win. Werill get better."
The fall season's biggest tournaments in-
clude the eighth annual Great Dane Tennis

Classic, the ECAC Division ii and ill-North ‘

Tournament and the SUNYACs. the tradi-
tional climax of the season. El

 

. ‘ pram.
Thetose of key players has ett a great
vold tor the men's tennle'teem this
season

 

