  

 

 

 

By Dean Chang

MIA” man EDITOR

The Albany State Great .Danes
, -couldn't havepicked a better op-
ponent to give freshman quarter-
‘ back Jeff Russell his ﬁrststart,
than the Brockport State Golden
Eagles,“ losers of their last 20
games Including Saturday’s 33 - 6.
defeat to Albany at Special Olym- ‘
pic Stadium in Brockport. Who
needs baptism-under-fire
anyway? '

In last week's loss to New
Haven, Russell displayed the
capacity ,to run Albany's
wishbone offense effectively.
Although the Eagles weren't the
stiffest of competition, they still
enabled Russell to gain some
valuable experience. '

“I’m glad we faced
Brockport," said Russell. “If we
played a tough team. I might not
have got the experience I needed.
They were big, but they weren't
well-coached." Former NFL
player Keith Moody is in his se-
cond year as Brockport’s head
coach.

A sign of a poorly-coached
team is an excess of penalties.
Every time Brockport seemed to
get their offense on track, a
penalty would set them
backwards. The Eagles comrrrit-
‘ted l7 penalties, 10 in the ﬁrst
half when the outcome was still in
doubt.

Albany won the toss and
elected to kick off. a strategy not
normally taken by head coaches.
But as Albany Head Coach Bob
Ford explained. “The odds are
three-to—one that the team that

‘ kicks off, scores first." Unless of
course, one of those two teams is
' Brockport.

 - w

as.

_ .gwteiil‘m 1“ '

l

Ti

  

  

' “Ina.

Brockport

 

 

Chris Es

eartler th s season.

After gaining one yard in three
plays, the Eagles punted to their
own 48-yard line. On third down.
Russell made his first pass of the
game a successful one. Evading a
strong pass rush. Russell scrambl-
ed to his left and found split end
Chris Haynor for a 26-yard gain.
On the next play, Russell again
showed his cool by stepping up in
the pocket and hitting Ro Mit-
chell over the middle for a
26-yard touchdown.

“I have to read my fullback's
block," said Russell. “When he
blocked to the outside. l stepped
underneath him and I looked for
Mitchell." Mitchell, a reserve
running back. made some nice

run-n-n..."

It INCA unseat. use
a” mm" prepares to return a shot In the Great Dane Classic.
“Wk seventh place In the tournament.

half. the Danes' longest run from
scrimmage this year.

“‘We noticed that, the
linebacker hadn't been adjusting
on the veer." said Soldini. “I cut
back across the grain and ran a lot
farther than l thought I was going
to.”
The drive started on Albany’s
‘_ 15; out of a possible 85 yards to

> ‘ gain, Soldini carried for 84. On
the touchdown carry, Soldini
broke through the line but fumbl-
ed near the goal line, blowing an
opportunity to score his ﬁrst
touchdown of the season. Center
Pat McCullough pounced on the
loose ball, scoring a touchdown
that most offensive linemen can
Only dream about, making the
score 13 - 6.

Three punts, an interception
and a fumble later. Coach Ford
pulled a trick play out of his hat.
On second-and-ZO from the
Brockport 22, Russell went right
and reversed it to John Donnelly.
The junior split end ran to his
left, pumped his arm twice, and

. GreatDanes soar over Breckport Eagles, 33-6.

LUCK“ UPS
site pursues the University of New Haven'e quarterback Paul Kelley In a game played

moves to get into the end zone.
There was some question as to
whether or not Mitchell crossed
the goal line, but not in Mitchell’s
mind. ' .

“I thought they were going to
take it (the touchdown) away
from me,” said Mitchell. “1 look-
ed at the ref. and he was just
looking at me. I was about to
jump up and start arguing, but
they (his teammates) pulled me
away."

On Brockport’s next posses-
sion. the Eagles pushed the ball to
Albany territory. despite commit-

Wayne Anderson intercepted a
Tony Lott pass to stop
Brockport.

The rest of the half saw the
Eagles' starting running backs
Lloyd Washington and Reggie
Richardson run through holes up
the middle for ﬁrst downs, but
not touchdowns. Brockport
kicker Chris Hull connected on
two ﬁeld goals. one for 43 yards,
to make the score at halftime.
7 - 6, Albany.

In the ﬁrst half, Albany's
leading rusher Dave Soldini only
rushed ﬁve times for a total of 21
yards. He more than tripled that

hit Scott Reagan for a
touchdown.

For a few moments, it appeared
that Donnelly was indecisive as to
whether or not he should throw
the ball. “Scott was covered. so I‘
didn't know if I should run the
ball or if I should throw it in-
complete," said Donnelly. “I saw
him come open over the middle of
the ﬁeld, so I let it go just as I was
getting hit.”

Ford shook his head as he
recollected the reverse option
play. “I sure didn't call it quite
like that.” said Ford. “That’s not
what it looks like in the playbook,
but it got the job done."

ting five penalties during the
drive. After Albany fumbled a
punt to prolong the Eagles' drive.

By Krlstlne Sauer

The University of Rochester, a pre-tournament
favorite. took first place in the eighth annual Great
Dane Tennis Classic last weekend. while Albany
placed seventh.

“We had a much stronger tournament this year,
adding Rhode Island, Iowa, and Amy," said
Albany Head Coach Bob Lewis. “The tennis was
outstanding." Rochester, tournament champion, is
one of the top Division III teams. Amy, placing
ﬁfth. competes in Division I.

Results of the tournament, with team scores bas-
ed on the amount of victories each player ac-
cumulates, were no surprise. Scoring 25% points
was the University of Rochester, followed by Con-
cordia College. another predicted favorite with
22% points; William College placed third, scoring
19% points; defending champions. University of
Vermont, compiled 17 points. taking fourth place;
ﬁfth. sixth, and seventh place went to Army(ls
pts.), Iowa(l2'/2 pts.). and Albany(9‘/r pts.)
respectively.

Team captain, .Iay Eisenberg said, “Tom
Schmitz did very well, and as a team we did
alright." Second singles Tom Schmitz put in the
best performance for The Danes. making It to the
semifinals. Schmitz lost to Pete Fayroyian of the
University of Vermont, 6-3. 64. The number one
doubles team of Schmitz and Dave Grossman were
defeated 6-3, 7-6 by Concordia in the semifinals.

In singles play, Grossman won his ﬁrst match by
defeating Plattsburgh's Mark Garrard 6-] . 4-6, 6-3,
but then lost to Kevin Chandler of Iowa, 6-3. 6-3.

amount when he ran for 65 yards
on the ﬁrst play in the second 17»

 

 

The Eagles fumbled their

~ Netmen finish seventh in Great Dane Classic

Mike Dermansky beat Chris Petrilli of St. Michael’s
College(Vt.) 7-5, 6-1. He went on to suffer a heart-
breaking loss to John Lawson of Army, 1-6, 6-1.
7-6 with a tiebreaker in set three. Also making it
past round one was Mark Sanders who defeated
Steve Sirois fo Salem State College(Mass.), 6—0. 6-0.
.Sanders lost to Army’s Greg Schuliger.6-2. 6-1, in
the quarterﬁnals.

In doubles play, all three Albany duos got knock- "
ed out in the second round. After defeating Oneon-
ta, 6-1, 6—0, Dermansky and Eisenberg lost to
Rochester, the eventual champions, 6-3. 6-]. The
Mitch . Gerber-Mark Sanders combination took
Sienna College. 6-l, 6-l, then fell to Concordia in
three sets. 4-6. 6-4. 6-2.

Lewis didn't expect the team to fare very well.
though he would have liked a few more points. “It
was really a good day with the weather great,” said
Lewis. “I really didn't expect them to score higher
in the ranking. There was very good competition
and it was very good experience for us. it shows us
we have a long way to go for the season.”

The quality of tennis was described by both
Lewis and Eisenberg as “outstanding”. The
number one player of the tournament was Army's
Ted Wilson. who is one of the best players in the
East. In the ﬁnals. Wilson beat Vermont’s Mike

Duffy. 6-], 6-0. Williams College's Tim Rives and
Craig Hammond, the number one doubles team.
defeated Concordia, 7-5, 3~6, 6-3, in the finals.
Coach Lewis compared the quality of these matches
to the US. Open.
On September 28-29, Albany hosts for the third
17>

 

r: em»..- a '-

:

 

, -NUMBER 29

 

Gotob‘er 5, 11,934: -

VOLUME LXX-I

 

 

Voter sign-up drive peaks in October 4theffort

N YPIRG registration booths in New York City 'mobbed'; Albany's push called 'successtI'

By Rick Swanson
s-rm warrsa ,

While NYPIRG voter sign-up booths in
New York City were “mobbed” with peo-
ple. tables set up in Albany were not quite
as busy during Thursday's statewide voter
registration drive.

Susan Stanler, New York City Coor-
dinator for the Public Interest Research
Group's (NYPIRG) registration drive. said
the response Thursday in the city to‘the
Millions more on October 4 effort has
been “wild and amazing; I can’t get over
it."

Noting that in Times Square alone seven
sites were “mobbed with people." Stanler
said it was "by far the largest drive I have
ever seen."

Though the turnout in Albany did not
match New York City’s response, Albany
coordinator Reese Knorr said that Thurs-
day’s drive was deﬁnitely successful.

"Things went pretty well." Knorr said
of Albany’s effort in the voter registration
drive.

"People are glad to register to vote.”

 

 

CINDY OALWAV UPS

even know what's going on, but they want
to register anyway," he added.

Zappela quoted one newly registered
voter as saying. “‘Oh yea, Reagan is a

‘ Republican. he's‘for nuclear war. I'm go-
ing to be a Democrat’." as he checked the
Democratic box.

NYPIRG is a non-partisan organiza-
tion. Zappalo stressed that he had not tried
to persuade people to register with any
particular party.

Students are only a part of the
volunteers registering new voters. added

' Zappala, noting that elderly members of
the Albany Jewish community, as well as
Girl Scouts are joining in the effort.

So far, according to Knorr. over 5,500
SUNYA students and local citizens have
been registered since the effort began at
the start of the semester. She pointed out
that Student Association at the University
and Student Association of the State
University (SASU) were part of the cam-
pus voter registration drive.

NYPIRG joined with other groups to
boost voter registration and voter turnout

 

said Knorr. “Most of them did not even
know how to register, and if we didn’t ap-
proach them they never would have."

NYPIRG’s drive, which started at the
beginning of the fall semester, had
registered more than 60,000 voters before
culminating in Thursday’s statewide
effort.

New York City NYPIRG volunteers,
working on the streets. in movie lines and
in bus stations were flooded with people
seeking to register to vote. Stanler said.

Articles in the Village Voice and the

Voter registration table on Washingion Ave.

Over 5,500 students and local citizens have registered since the drive began.

New York Times helped.‘ according to
Stanler. by informing people about the
drive and by listing a schedule of registra-
tion locations. ‘

Eight sites in the Albany and Schenec-
tady area were staffed with community
volunteers.

In an attempt to reach out to the local
community and to disenfranchised
citizens. Knorr said all eight sites were

commonly frequented locations including
supermarkets, streetcorners. and
unemployment offices. ' .

Frank Zappala. a NYPIRG volunteer
helping register voters at the Price Chop-
per on Deleware Ave. was enthusiastic
about meeting his personal goal of
registering 200 on Thursday.

“The response has been terrific," Zap-
pala‘ said. “Some of these people don’t

as part of the national effort sponsored by
the National Student Voter Registration
Campaign. The New York Citizen’s Coali-
tion (NYSCC), the National Organization
of Women (NOW) and the National 4
Association for the Advancemenr of Col-
ored People (NAACP) were all part of the
effort To strengthen the voting power of
traditionally disenfranchised groups.
These traditionally disenfrachised
citizens, according to Knorr, consist main-
ly of minorities, the poor and women.
.1I>

Speakers say Berkeley protests had ironic result

By Lisa Mirabella
51m warms

As an ironic but direct result of the free speech move-
ment of the 1960's, American Universities have become
more bureaucratic and depersonalized, asserted many of
the speakers at a conference Thursday entitled “Berkeley
Revisited."

Thursday was the ﬁrst day of the two day conference,
held at SUNYA.

Professor Larry Spence of Penn State University, a
graduate student at Berkeley in 1964. said that contrary to
what the students were ﬁghting for, universities have

 

Blackout caused by
faulty safety device

By Heidi Gralla

and James O'Sulllvan

A ﬁre in a voltage switch was the cause of Tuesday -
night’s blackout. which left the podium and State
Quad in the dark for about an hour, starting at 8:50
pm, according to SUNYA's Physical Plant Director
Dennis Stevens.

The ﬁre was caused by the failure of a “fail-safe
mechanism" in a voltage switch in the Lecture Center
sub-basement. When the switch was turned on last
week. it did not lock into place properly, creating a
poor connection for the electricity to travel through.

The damages, Stevens said, would cost physical
plant about 310.000 to repair.

Plant employees were able to restore electricity
Tuesday night by switching State Quad and the
podium to the campus’ other two power feeders.
Stevens explained that the whole campus could actual-
ly be powered by one feeder. but that the system ‘was

0»

 

 

 

 

become less personal and. “the daily routine of a faculty
member is more like that of a corporate executive than a
professor." '

Major administrative changes that came, about in
response to sit-ins and student demonstrations were
evaluated by Berkeley professor Charles Muscatine.
Muscatine had chaired a committee which. through a
report. helped make far reaching changes at schools
across the country.

The report. issued in l966, was called “Education at
Berkeley," and started a trend across academia of
“reconnecting. at a deep level. (faculty members‘)
research with (their) teaching. (and) treating students as
individuals." Muscatine said.

He credited the committee and the report for the
widespread establishment ofstudent evaluations of facul-
ty, student membership on faculty and administrative
committees, and creating stipends for teaching assistants.

Muscatine said he was disheartened to look at what is
going on at Berkeley now, as many of the committee's
policies have been changed or discarded.

“One of the negative effects of the free speech move-
ment," he explained. “is that many of the ideas are
tainted with political radicalism.”

His list of discarded programs ranged from the liberal
pass/fail system that has been curbed considerably, to
voluntary faculty advisement. designed to avoid
uninspired advisors for undergraduates. which has left
10,000 Berkeley students with no advisors at all.

There were, however, many positive effects of the
movement that Muscatine, and his (then) colleague
Sheldon Wolin. now at Princeton University. mentioned.

“There was a comraderie." Wolin explained, “a feel-
ing of belonging to something important. that people
were willing to sacriﬁce their time for." He said. that
before these developments. Berkeley “was a campus
without Blacks. It was a campus without Chicanos. A
campus where Orientals were seen and not heardrand
women were not considered signiﬁcant."

A different perspective came from history professor
Warren~Roberts, who said. "Berkeley was a paradise

when I left in I963. I was bafﬂed by the explosion of
revolution because one could do all that one should be en-'.

couraged to do at a university." at that time.
Participants took exception to Roberts' statement. One

person'noted that. “it was not paradise for women who

were patted on the head and told to go make babies."

 

“...many of the ideas (of the
free Speech movement) are
tainted with politica]
radicalism. ’ ’

—Charles M uscatine

 

SUNYA Political Science professor Bruce Miroff was
starting his third year as an undergraduate at Berkeley
when the protests began. After two years of what Miroff
said was a “lousy education.” the free speech movement
gave students a vision of a “university as an immensely
exciting place...where everything could be explored and
everything was connected."

Warning the audience that he would "indulge in a little
nostalgia," Miroff spoke of the “moral seriousness"
with which members (of the student protests) would ap-
proach political decisions. "Pressure made us reason out
why it might be legitimate to break the ruies...why you
boycott classes when you want better education," he said.

The speakers said they saw the-i964 protest at Berkeley
as the beginning of a decade of important political activi-
ty. Conference organizer Anne Roberts explained. "It'
was really an event of tremendous signiﬁcance. and not

 

 

