  
  
 
   

her

a .~ s.-.

-2”

 
 

 

 

....;,_-~.

 

    

 

Worldwidei

Baker shoots moot. *“5'

', SAntiago, Chile
(AP) ; Whenw jobless demonstrators took
to the streets for another protest against
military rule, the neighborhood baker
slammed his metal doors, took a shotgun
to an upstairs window and started firing- at
them. '

Six hours later, a young man lay dead, 35
others were wounded, and hundreds of
enraged protesters were trying to kick and

  

fiebomb their way into the place. Police'

patrols passed twice, but only after they

were able to muster two busloads of riot

troops was the gunman taken away.
The bloodshed Tuesday in Villa
Lautaro, in Santiago’s ramshackle factory

belt, dramatized the hair-trigger tension of ‘. .

(AP) Doctors hope Baby Fae, the infant
' with a transplanted baboon's heart, even-.
. tually will go home, but for now she
; recieves her parent's carresses in a hospital

a political struggle between right-wing
President Augusto Pinochet and his leftist-
Ied opposition.

Feuling the conflict is a recession that
has put 500,000 people out of work and
drawn many into a rebellious campaign to
oust the general who has led Chile for 11
years.

Beirut talks continue

Beirut, Lebanon
(AP) High level meetings involving U.S.,
Syrian, Lebanese and Israeli officials
began in Beirut and Jerusalem today to lay
the groundwork for next week’s talks bet-
ween Lebanon andllsrael on a possible
Israeli withdrawal from Lebanon.

A new withdrawal agreement, under
U.N. auspicies, would replace the May
1983 Israeli-Lebanese accord mediated by
the United States but cancelled by
Lebanon, under. Syrian pressure, after
President Reagan ordered 1.,400 U.S.=
Marines out of Lebanon last.February.

Syrian troops control northern and
eastern Lebanon under a 1976 Arab
League mandate to help resolve the
Lebanese civil war.
~Syria contended the 1983 pact‘ gavc
Israel concessions that threatened Syria's
security. In addition, Syria had rejected
the idea of Israel making its pullout con-
tingent on a simultaneous Syrian
withdrawal. Israel has dropped that
condition. '

Hotel fire kills 10

Manila, Philippines
(AP) Fire swept through the midsection
of the 1'5.story Ambassador Hotel early
yesterday as tourists danced in a revolving
rooft'op restuarant, and officials said 10
people were killed, including four who

PREVIEW OF. EVENTS

free listings

New England School of Law
will be on campus Monday.

            
  
  
  

leaped from high windows.” ' ,

 

 

 

day's discussion entitled
“Sexuality: A Personal Matter

  
 

j: ' Most of the dead were; Filipinosﬂbttt.
three Americans - WilburtVOlsen, 60,’ and
his wife Joanne. 59. of Seattle, Wash; and
Harry Jackson, described as an American
married to a Filipino — were among 30 peo-
ple treated for injuries, officials said.

THe Olsens, staying on the 10th floor,
were reported to have been treated. for
smoke inhalation, but Jackson was said to
be among 11 people still hospitalized.

It was the second fire in a tourist hotel in
the Philippines in eight days. Twenty-three
people, including eight Americans at a reu-
nion of World War II veterans, were killed
in a hotel fire in the northern resort city of
Baguio.

Nationwide

fBaby Fae'. recovers.

Loma Linda, Calif.

 

as she battles the possibility of organ rejec-
tion one day at a time.

‘ Immunological studies “show no indica-
tions of any rejection crises of any sort...
it's surprising. I'm. very pleased,’ Dr.

How about them hate?

"  55.11334...-...+.Mw~.

   

, 5 ; Doctors said Baby Fae was guzzling for-
mula ‘on her sixth day with r the“

(AP) The edition of the Nicaraguan rebel ,

‘the Oct. 2| presidential debate that objec-

 

David Hinshaw, a surgeon at Lom‘a Linda

 

UMV‘ﬂSity, Medical Center’ said
Wedhésday. - - r. 

transplanted heart, while her mother rocks
her and calms her when she f usses.

j Baby Fae is the World's longest-lived
surviilor of an animal-to ~human heart
transplant, having surpassed the previous
3l/z—day record of a South African accoun-
tant who rec‘ieved a chimpanzee’s heart.

Rebel manual edited

Washington, D. C.

manual approved by the CIA headquarters
underwent only one deletion from the
original version written by CIA employee
in Central America, according to in-
telligence officials. .

The new account appears to conflict
with President Reagan's statement during

tionable parts of the manual were
removed.

Reagan said, “a number of pages were
excised" by the CIA employee's superior
in Central America and “more pages were
excised " at CIA headquarters.

But intelligence of ficials, who spoke on-
ly on condition of anonymity, said mid-
level officers at CIA headquarters» in

 

CINDY GALWAV UPS

 

 

 

Langley, Va... excised one paragraph,
which recommended the hiring of profes-
sional criminals to carry out “selective
. jobs." ’

U.S.‘protests llnk

Washington, DC.
(AP) The State Department said Thurs-
day it has formally protested to Soviet of-
ficials what it called Soviet attempts to link
the United States to the assassination of
Indian Prime Minister Indira Ghandi.

On Wednesday, a Soviet commentator
suggested over Radio Moscow that the
United States, and especially the CIA,
bore some responsibility for the assassina-
tion of Mrs. Ghandi by some of her Sikh
bodyguards Wednesday.

Meanwhile, officials said Secretary of
State George P. Shultz may meet with
Nikolai A. Tikhonov. the No.2 official in
the Soviet government, when both are in
New Delhi for Saturday’s funeral.

Statewide A:

Crime boss arrested

New York
(AP) Aniello Dellacroce, alleged under-
boss of the Gambino organized-crime
family, has been indicted and arrested on
charges of income tax evasion, federal of-
ﬁcials said Thursday.

Dellacroce, 70, was charged in a two—
count indictment with filing a false 1980
return.

He was arrested Wednesday night by In-
ternal Revenue Service agents at a social
club in Manhattan‘s Little Italy, said U.S.
Attorney Rudolph W. Giuliani.

New DWI law starts

Alba/1y. N. 1'.
(AP) Starting Thursday, New York tccn—
agers convicted of driving tinder the in—
ﬂuence of alcohol or drugs will lose the
right to drive.

Under a new State law, drivers younger
than 19 convicted of being uttdcr the in-
fluence of alcohol or drugs must lose their
drivers‘ license for a year or ttnlil they turn
19 — whichever comes last.

The measure also says that drivers from
19-21 must also lose their licenses for a
year or until they reach 21 if they are con-
victed for a second time of drunken or
drugged driving.

“We think this is going to be one of the
most effective deterrents for this age group
because they cherish the driving
privilege,” said Donald Savage, executive
director of the state Senate Special Task
Force on Drunk Driving. “A lot of
teenagers are going to think twice about
driving drunk from now on."

 

“Funny, It Doesn't Sound
Jewish" Is the title of the lee-

12 noon to 8 pm. at 100
Watervilet Avenue. Please

season on Friday, November
2 at 8 pm. at Phlly Schuyler

 

 

Demonstrators
fill CC lobby with
songs, chanting

By Lisa Mirabella
CONTRIEUTING EDITOR

Marching to the chant “Make the
Pollutors Payl”, approxiamately 25
NYPIRG members and individuals pro-
tested the speech by former Environmental
Protection Agency head Anne Burford on
Tuesday evening.

The protestors gathered outside the
Campus Center at 7:15, where they
distributed leaflets to about 30 spectators
and listened to speeches by NYPIRG (New
York. Public Interest Research Group)
organizers. .

Rally organizer Phil D’Elia told the
crowd, “Burford is symbolic of the lack of
government efforts to deallwith ,en-
vironmental issues.” He 'said the 'rally
“shows we have community people who

know .Whﬂls' 80mg ,on and students who Student protest In front of Campus Center Inset: Anne Burford

know the issues” and he urged the pro-
testors to “let that statement roar out at

 

 

'Busro'o 

 

"...it's up to us, the private citizens, to act on behalf of the environment."

H OWARD WEAR U PS

  
 

- re. -_ “a...” ........,

£510.41. NQXBMiiEI'PMSIl‘ £1 ntaexrssvemsaessg , " 1.

  
 
    
  

 

iritEx-EPA 
.detends'record- 
on environment

By Jacqui Clark .

Former Environmental Protection
Agency Director Anne Burford defended
her past in a speech before a small crowd
in the Campus Center Ballroom Tuesday
night.

With a low turnout of only 70 people in
the audience, some of whom Were pro~
testors, questions have been raised as to
whether or not the $3,500 spent to bring
the controversial speaker to SUNYA was
really worth‘it. '

In addition to the $3,500, Burford also
received money for expenses which includ-
ed round-trip'airfare from New York City,
the salaries of four security guards and
rental fees for the ballroom and chairs, ac-
cording to Student Association coritroller
Rich Golubow. The total cost of’Bu'rt’ord's
appearance, he said, was approximately

 

SA President Rich Schaffer said the

the polls next week."

Burford, the first cabinet level officer to
be cited for contempt of Congress, resign-
ed as President Reagan’s Environmental
Protection Agency Director in March
1983. At that time she faced several impen-
ding indictments for refusing to reveal files
containing information about toxic waste
dumps and possible violations of federal
regulations.

Protestors accused Burford of “burying
the Super Fund.” The Super Fund is a
$180 million annual fund administered by
the EPA, designed to pay for the clean-up
of toxic dumps. According to one pro-
testor, Burford squandered that money
during her administration.

Dean Reichman. a NYPIRG researcher,

said the EPA under Burford's leadership
cleaned up only six of the 546 toxic waste
sites scheduled for clean-up. “Now, its up
to us, the private citizens, to act on behalf
of the environment," he said.

The protestors moved inside to the main
lobby of the Campus Center about ten
minutes before Burford‘s 8 pm. speech
was to begin in the ballroom, on the se-
cond floor of the building. -

They continued to march in a circle
chanting “Burford go home" until Cam-
pus Center staff said they were not allowed
to chant. The protestors then began sing-
ing “This Land is My Land,” led by
guitarist Scott Snyder, until Campus

. Center authorities requested they stop at

the start of her speech.

Karen Edlite attended the rally which,
she said, "is a reaction to a woman who
did not institute reforms" to fulfill the
needs “of communities throughout the
country."

Members of the audience encountered
the protestors in the lobby. Bruce
Weinfeld said, “They shouldn't'be doing
this." He added, “They should give her a
chance to speak. After she speaks they can
(protest).”

Grad student Cary Darling said he
agreed with the protest because “I believe
people like Burford are the worst thing
that can happen to a government in any
country.” However, he said he felt,
“Rather than blame Burford, they should

13>

choice of Burford as a speaker did .not
reﬂect good‘ financial planning. He said
SA had previously advised Speaker's
Forum President Ricky Feldman against
bringing Burford to campus because of her
low drawing power.

Schaffer also commented on the possi-
ble political implications of Burford ap-
pearing the week before the presidential
elections.

Feldman however contended that the
purpose of the event was to arouse interest
in environmental and political issues, not
to advocate any particular viewpoint.

Burford is th only cabinet member in
history to be cited for contempt of Con-
gress, a distinction she received‘after she

'13»

November 5 from 2 pm. to 4
pm. ,All Interested law ap-
pllcants should sign up with
Roz Burrick ,In CUE.

Health Proteeslon Students
The New England College oi
Optometry will be on campus
Tuesday, Novembere from 11
a.m. to 12 noon. Those in-
terested should contact Toz
Burrick at CUE.

Wellness Week will be hosted
by Russell Sage College next
week from Monday,
November 5 through Friday,
November 9. Monday‘s
discussion “Be Wise" ad-
dressing rape prevention and
personal safety will be held
from 5 pm. to 6 pm. In the
Vanderhyden Lounge. Tues-

 

ol Values and Decisions" will
be held from 7:30 pm. to 9:30
pm. at the Bush Memorial
Center.

Freshmen Class Council
Meeting will be held on Sun-
day, November 4 at 8 pm. in
the SA lounge. Topics to be
discussed Include the class
constitution, iund ralsers and
class dues. All freshmen are
welcome to come.

Fashion Show will feature
clothes and scenes from
Paris, Switzerland, London,
Washington, DC, and Africa.
Presented by Russell Sage
College, the show will begin
at 8 pm. on Friday, November
2 at the Schacht Fine Arts
Center. Admission Is free.

ture and performance that
will be given by Jack Gottlleb
on Sunday, November 4 at 2'
pm. In the Auditorium at the
State Museum. Admission-Is
free.

“Good” at play about the rise
of Nazllsm in Germany during
the 1930's will be performed
on Friday, November 2 and
Saturday, November 3 at 8
p.m. In the 2nd Act Theatre at
RussellSage College. Tickets
are $2 for students with ID
and $3 for the general public.
Respite Project Ior parents
with a disabled child will hold
avolunteertrainingWorkshop
on Wednesday. November 14
irom 6 pm. to 10 pm. and on
Saturday, November 17 irom

caome and volunteer.
“Songs of Struggle and
Social Change" willybe the
theme of folkslnger and
songwriter Priscilla Herdman
on Wednesday, November 7
at 7:30 pm. In Mother's Wine
Emporium, located In
Ronsselaer Polytechnic In-
stitute's Student Union. Ad-
mission is free.

International Tea with the
topic "New Drug Delivery
Systems" will be held on Sun-
day, November 4 at 3 pm. in
the Biology Lounge 248. The
event is open to the public
and admission Is free.
Capitol Hill Choral Society
presents four local soloists
for Its opening concert of the

Concert Hall on N. Lake Ave.
Tickets are $3 for students
and $5 for the general public.
Physics Colloquium will
feature IBM's Patricia
Mooney speaking on charge
trappings by deep donors in
ALGaAs on Friday, November
2 at 3 pm. in PH 129.

“Moving from the Inside Out"
a workshop on skeletal-
muscular alignment through
exploring muscle-icing action
through movement, will be
held on Saturday, November
3 from 1 pm. to 4 pm. at the
Fitness Studio on 299
Hamilton St. Admission is
$20. For more information.

,call 4624206.

 

 

Candidates come talking issues, seeking votes

By Beth Flnneran

“Students have the power to decide an election — and
that’s an awesome power," asserted Gregg Rothschild,
vice chair of Central Council's Student Action Commit-
tee after Thursday's “Meet the Candidates Night."

The event was sponsored by Central Council's Student
Action Committee and Student Associaiton of the State
University (SASU). '

At least 200 people attended the forum which State
Senator Howard Nolan said was the biggest turnout of
any Candidates Night he has participated in.

Candidates for U.S. Congress, State Senate, State
Assembly, County Clerk judge and Family Court judge
were present.

The candidates were introduced, allowed an opening
statement, and then asked questions from a panel of stu-
dent leaders. The questions included such issues as: the
drinking age, SUNY tuition hikes, civil rights divestitures
from South Africa corporations, tuition assistance, abor-
tion, and the city's housing situation.

Two Congressional candidates were present,
Republican candidate Frank Wicks and Socialist
Worker's candidate Richard Ariza. Democrat Sam Strat-
ton, who is the incumbent, did not attend. ‘

The two candidates differed greatly on the issues.
Frank Wicks, an engineer, has already run for Congress
twice. He stressed the necessity of a mutually veriﬁable
nuclear freeze, a decreased deficit through a decline in
spending and through increased taxes, passage of the
ERA and better uses of resources. Furthermore, he said
he supports the federal decision on abortion and a 21 year
old drinking age. He also suggested a ban on televised
alcohol commercials.

When asked what he thought of the 1984 Civil Rights
Act, he responded “What’s the '84 Civil Rights Act?”
After being informed he apologized and claimed that it
sounded like something he would support.

Stating that no student should be denied the right to a
college education, Wicks afﬁrmed his support of Pell
Grants and National Direct Student Loans. Wicks said,
however, that these loans should be denied to male
students not registered for the draft.

Ariza began by announcing, “This country is at war in
Naearagua, El Salvador, and South Africa."

He emphasized this, stating that there are “300 U.S. ,
corporations that function in El Salvador to escape union
wages that have helped raised our standard of living."

Ariza, when asked whether students receiving loans
should be forced to sign up for the draft stated that there
should be no draft and no tuition. “By dismantling war
efforts, education could be free," he added.

Ariza was against the drinking age and supportive of
the ERA, civil rights and abortion rights. He claimed that
the ERA “didn't serve the interest of rich businesses of
America, so they let it go down."

He also stated that electing Geraldine Ferraro was not

necessarily a step forward for women and called her “a

racist gutterbag from Queens."

State Senator Howard Nolan, the democratic candidate
who is running for his 6th term, and Nick Frangella, the
republican candidate, both professed their appreciation-
for the value of education.

Nolan stressed his success in getting funding for SUNY
and in introducing additional programs to the system.

He said “more help to young people who want to be
educated is of paramount importance to this state."

He stated his support of the 2| year old drinking age,
while noting, “I know I'm coming into the lion's den on
this one.”

This decision, he claimed, came after much investiga-
tion and deliberation on his part. “It's only one spoke in
a great big wheel on reducing alcoholism," he explained.

Nolan also asserted his support for divestiture from
South African corporations because of their country's
policy of apartheid, stating that “the economic pressure
will bring them to their knees as well as apartheid.”

Nick Frangclla spoke of his father's opposition to the
21 year old drinking age. He said that people between the
ages pf 18 and 21 can marry, go to war, hold a gun and
vote and that therefore it is "quite incongruous that these
freedoms are allowed and to go out and,ltave a beer
isn't."

He also stressed his father's determination to oppose
any increase in SUNY tuition, and room and board hikes,

and to support an increase in TAP. “A college education

isn't a college education unless you can afford to go,"
Frangella said.
Assembly candidates Republican Paul Silverstein and

 

incumbent Democrat Richar Connors both agreed on the
necessity of revamping the state financial aid system.

' In addition, they both opposed a 21 year old drinking
age, and enforcement of Albany‘s grouper law, which is a
zoning ordinance stating that more than three unrelated
people cannot live together.

They disagreed however on divestiture from South
African corporations.

Assemblymember Connors supported divestiture say-
ing, we “shouldn’t be encouraging their (South Africa’s)
abuse of their people."

‘ ‘A college. education isn ’t .a

‘ coiiege'edtication unless you

can'afford to go-”
—Nick Frangeiia

 

Connors voted against raising the drinking age to 21,
but he had favored raising the drinking age to 19.

Although Silverstein asserted that “apartheid is a
moral void," he said he only supports divestiture if the
same rate of return could be guaranteed on investments.

He also opposed the 21 year old drinking age stating
that it is “discrimination against a target group and peo-
ple must take responsibility for actions."

He said he would support revoking the licences of any
drunk driver under 21, and therefore not allow them to
drive again until they are 21.

Democratic Assembly candidate Robert Van Slyke
claimed that more education assistance is necessary,
otherwise “we are excluding a vast majr 'ty of middle in-
come students who can't afford to go at .vhere else."

He opposed the 21 year old drinking age, joking that 66
percent of alcohol provoked accidents occur with drivers
under 45, therefore, “Why don't we raise the age to 45?"

.1 5D

 

