 

 

 

 

Worldwide 
Embassy bombed

up - Mcosiaﬁyprus
(AP) A bomb-laden car exploded Thurs-
day in‘the parking lot of a building-hous-
ing the Isreali Embassy.

witnesses reported. I 7 I ‘
An lsreali~ Foreign Ministry

spokesman,Dan Ashbel, said in Jerusalem '

that’no one in the Embassy was wounded.

Ashbel also said there appeared to be no
damage to the embassy itself, but a witness
in Nicosia, who-refused to'be identiﬁed.
said there‘ was damage ’to the
buolding. ,The explosion, which occured
at ll:l0am, damaged several cars in the
parking lot. nearby buildings and shops on
the fashionable Makarios avenue in
downtown Nicosia.

Attempts to reach the Embassy by
telephone were not successful, and police
said they did not have details. They sealed
off the area as ﬁre engines stood by.
Witnesses said thick. black smoke was
billowing from the building.

A police ofﬁcer said a search was being
conducted for more bombs.

 

, Big drug area cited

_ Sri Lanks
(AP) A senior police ofﬁcial has says Col-
ombo has become a major drug trafﬁcking
center and more than 75 percent of the
Asians arrested in Europe for drug-
smuggling. and related offenses were Sri
Lankans.

Hema chrasinghe. who heads the Na-
tional Drug Control Board, told a news '
conference Wednesday that Sri Lanka was'
both a consumer area and a transit point
supplying heroin to Western Europe.

chrasinghe said there had been 500 ar-
rests here for drug related offenses in the
ﬁrst half of this year, with 66 pounds of
heroin seized compared with 13.2 pounds
seized all of last year.

 

Nationwide :—

 

Warning not heeded

Washington D. C.
(AP)Reagan Administration ofﬁcials had
adequate warnings of a terrorist threat
against U.S.'facilities in Beirut last month.
but failed to pay sufﬁcient heed. the
House Intelligence Committee says.
In a stiffly worded report. the
Democrat-controlled committee said that
. prior to the Sept. 20 truck-bomb attack on
the U.S. Embassy annex, “the probability

   

police and ‘

 

unambiguous that there is no logical ex-
planation for the lack of effective security
counter-measures.“ " '
The bombing that claimed 14 lives, in-
cluding two Americans. was nearly iden-
ties] to two other Beirut truck-bombings
against U.S. facilities in the past l7 mon-
ths. A total of 260 Americans have died.

sibillty for the failure to thwart the latest
attack on the embassy annex, where securi-
~ty arrangements were 75 percent complete
and a gate that could have stopped the
truck was lying-.by the side of the road.

But he refused to "deliver somebody's
head up on a platter" and added:“’l‘here
was no evidence of any carelessness or
anyone not performing their duty."

Agent charged as spy

‘ Los Angeles
(AP) A 20-year FBI veteran offered the
Soviet Union a “very detailed" picture of
U.S. intelligence activities for $50,000 in
gold and $15,000 in cash. authorities said
after the ﬁrst—ever spy charge against an
FBI agent.

Special agent Richard W. Miller was
held without bail after his arrest Wednes-
day because, “ﬁight is a real strong risk,"
said Assistant U.S. Attorney Ray
Edwards.

Authorities also arrested and retained
without bail two Soviet emigres accused of
conspiring with Miller.

President Reagan has accepted aspen-V;

 

payment of prize money into athletics trust

Statewide

SAT ‘scores on rise

‘ New York
(AP) Standardized college entrance exam
scores improved among public high school
seniors in New York City during the past
school year, but the average scores were
still well below .the state and national
averages, Schools Chancellor Nathan
Quinones announced. ‘

The chancellor/said Wednesday um city
public school students increased their
scores by an average of seven points on the

 

 

' Scholastic Aptitude Test. a two part exam

on math and verbal problems with a max-
imum score of 800 on each part.

City students averaged 377 on the verbal
and 429 on the math section, compared
with a national average of 426 on verbal
and 47l in math.

Runners get prizes

New York
(AP) Top international runners have been
rccieving legal prize money to compete in
the New York Marathon. but the practice
has remained conﬁdential because of ob-
jections by Mayor Ed Koch.

Since I982. the International Amatuer
Athletic Association has authorized the

 

 

 

of another vehicular bomb attack was so

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

free listings

Face painting was only one oI the attractions on Lark Street Saturday as crowds of people gathered to celebrate Larklest.

 

fund. But because of the Mayor's objec.
lions. race director Fred Lebow has been
unable to publicly acknowledge that New
York offers prize money. According to
unofﬁcial estimates, the purse for the De.
tober 28 race is $262,000, with $25,000 for
the men’s winner and $2l.000 for the top
woman.

NYT gets increase

New York
(AP) New York Telephone was granted an
Sll.6 million rate increase and a one-year
surcharge of S3I.l million Wednesday by
the Public Service Commission.

The new surcharges take effect October
l0.
The surcharge dispute involved how the
company split some $31.] million in costs
between interstate and intrastate operator
expenses. -

“The court upheld our position that
$3l.l million of operator time expenses
should be allocated to intrastate operation
costs." said John Quinn. a telephone com-
pany spokesman.

He said no decision has been made yet
on whether the surcharge will show up one
time only on consumer bills or be spread
out over time. How much it will mean for
the average residential phone has not been
determined yet. _

"The rate change on the depreciation
expenses is a matter of pennies a month for
the average home phone bill." Quinn said.

 

UPS

 

 

 

 

Dispute over. SA posts"
seen as a racial issue

By Tom Bergen

During an emotional eight hour
meeting Wednesday night. which
included heated arguments and
charges of racism, Central Coun-
cil approved one of two contested
appointments of minority
students to Student Association
positions.

Council okayed the appoint-
ment of Oscar Lozano to Assis-
tant Elections Commissioner, but
after two separate votes, denied
Laura Johnson a position on the
University Auxilliary Services
(UAS) Board of Directors.

The debate, which was pun-
cuatcd by frequent shouts for
order from Council Chair Mitch
Feig, included discussions and
arguments on afﬁrmative action
policy and the SA interview
process.

After approving several other
appointments, including two
minority students, without
debate, council moved to con-

“.Iohnson gave
two different sets
of answers to the
same questions in

two different
interviews, there
is a problem
there. ”

——Steve Russo

'throughout the meeting. All'ap-

 

sider Johnson’s appointment to
the UAS Board.

The Internal Affairs Commit-
tee of Council had deleted her
name from a bill appointing the
other 14 members of the board
because after interviewing her
they had voted against her
appointment.

All other UAS appointees were
unanimoust appointed by the
committee.

The Internal Affairs committee
had opposed Lozano's appoint-
ment by a vote of 4 - 0.

SA has a two-tier interviewing
process, which was questioned

 

plicants are screened by an ex-
ecutive committee. Those approv-
ed are then interviewed by Inter-
nal Affairs. which makes a

recommendation to-Council.
Johnson had been approved
4 - 0 by the executive committee
after a lengthy interview. A major
10>

Guardian Angels and their iounder Curtis Sliwa

By Ian Clements
STAFF WRITER ‘

The SUNYA campus might be the site of a
“Satellite Unit” for the Guardian Angels if their ef-
forts to form an Albany chapter are successful,
Guardian Angels founder Curtis Sliwa said
Wednesday. ‘

“If we have luck in establishing a local (Albany)
unit, we'd push to see if we could establish a
satellite unit on campus," said Sliwa in a telephone

 

Lawmakers eye move
to Division [athletics

By Jane Anderson
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

Although the SUNY Board of Trustees recently rejected proposals
which would make some SUNY schools eligible for NCAA Division I
sports, several key legislators may push to bypass the Trustees and

make those proposals state law.

Student leaders have repeatedly expressed opposition to the policy
changes and fee increases needed to go Division I, and last week the
SUNY Board of Trustees voted down proposals that would establish
an administration controlled athletic fee and grants-in-aide for stu-
dent athletics, two requirements for participation in Division I sports;
Student governments currently have budgetary power over athletic

funds.

The legislature would not require approval from the Board of
Trustees to implement the proposals. .

Senate Higher Education Committee Chair Kenneth LaValle is cur-
rently working to get a better impression of which speciﬁc campuses
are interested in pursuing this (Division I sports)," according to
LaValle’s spokesperson Mary Ann McLean-Austen.

"The issue isn't dead," she stated.

It could be a serious threat, said Student Association of the State
University President Sue Wray, adding,“if we face the question again
it will be on that front (the legislature).” '

“When the legislature believes a particular interest is not being con-
sidered by the people directly in charge" it will step in, said McLean-

interview. A campus group would have an advisor
and a constitution. he explained. He said he would
also seek approval from the SUNYA
administration.

Vice President for University Affairs Lewis
Welch said he was unaware that the Angels were
considering a SUNYA unit. “I don’t see a need for
it," he said.

“There is a high level of awareness. sensitivity
and response to issues of personal safety here. We
pride ourselves on managing our own affairs," said
Welch. “What’s (Sliwa) going to teach us?" he
asked.

Vice President for Finance and Business John
Hartigan agreed that a campus Angels unit was un-
necessary. He said that the Don’t Walk Alone
Escort Service program is a “step in the right direc-
tion" for campus safety. .

Five of the I40 people who applied to join the
Angels during a registration drive held last weekend
in Albany were SUNYA students, Sliwa said.

He added that “quite a few" students he spoke to
said they felt unsafe on the SUNYA campus.
Women in particular expressed this feeling. he said.

Three of the ﬁve SUNYA applicants were
women. noted Sliwa. He said he could not identify
the prospective Angels because he didn’t have ac-
cess to the applicaitons at that time.

Sliwa said that the Angels have received no help
from Albany city ofﬁcials. According to Sliwa,
Albany Mayor Thomas M. Whalen Ill’s attitude is
“‘I will make a determination whether (a local
Angels chapter) is the best thing for the people."'

.\?\““i l.

q..-

 

   

 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
  
   
  
    
   

 

Alumnt Quad Elections Alumni
Quad will hold a runotl elec-
tion tor the positions oi presi-
dent and vice-president oi pro-
gramming on Saturday and
Sunday. October a and 7 on the
Walden cafeteria dinner lines.
The Albany Review will be ac-
cepting. submissions tor, the
Fall .IBM‘Issu‘e until October

brought to their mailbox in the
SA ottlco.’

Committee will hold an Inlay 1a:
tlonal Tea on Sunday. Oct rtor

 

Speakers

19. Submissions shouldfbe'
SUNY Womena International “

7 at 3pm In the Biology Loiilige -

rm.248. Ellen Flanders vim

- speak on "Working with the

Nicaraguan people and how

. the Nicaraguans struggle to ill

In with the U.S.'s role In Cenv
tral Amerlca." .
forum will host
Parent's Weekend with Robert
Klein on Saturday, October 13

at ﬁrm In the gym. Tickets go '

on sale Monday, October 6 at
10am at the third ﬂoor ticket
window Inthe campus center.

Colonial oil-coma will hold '

a New Years Party on Saturday,

’ Colour a tram 9pm to 2am In
,.tho ii-L‘ou'n'ge. Bring

-Tho Flame wlll

noisemakers and hats to bring
In the New Year. .

Ciaaa oi '07 will hold meetings
every Sunday at 5pm In the
back of the SA ottlee. Atten-

dance at three consecutive.
meetings entitles you to voting

rights.

Red Cross Bloodmobiio will be '

at the Waterbury Hall Lower

Lounge on Monday. October a ‘

lrom noon to 6pm.
hold their
meetings every Monday night

at 8pm in cc313. This Monday's, .

topic will be Law School.
Jewish Legal ethics and

American Law,
Pesach Sod.
Career Exploration Day an In-

hosled by

‘ vestlgatlon of traditional and

non-traditional career oppor-
tunities tor women In the 80's
and beyond will be held at
Russell Sage Women's Coi-
lega on Monday, October 8.

V Participants are asked to

register between 9:30 and
10am In the Robinson Athletic
and Recreation Center.

Albany Branch NAACP ‘wlll
hold Its annual Freedom Fund
Dinner on October 12 at the
Turl Inn, 205 Well Road,

Albany. The Mayor ol Gary. In-

.dlana, the Honorable Richard

G. Hatcher will be the keynote
speaker.

The Cerebral Paley Center lor
the Disabled is looking Ior
volunteers for its Feeding Pro-
gram loasslst school age and
adult clients lrom 11:30am to
1:30pm Monday through Fri-
day. For more Information con:
tact the center at 4698336.
Voter Registration Deadline ls
Tuesday. October 9. Registra-
tion Forms are available in the
NYPIRG olllee 00382 belwoen

9am and 5pm or call 457-4623.

 

 

 

Austin.

According to McLean-Austin. many SUNY students have in-
dependently informed LaValle’s ofﬁce that they are interested in
Division I participation. She added that “many (students) choose not
to go to SUNY" because the state system does not sponsor Division I
sports.

“Don’t student governments represent the students?" Wray
demanded, adding. that she believes that the "overwhelming majori-
ty " of students are not in favor of a move to Division I sports.

A bill which would have required the Board of Trustees to establish

‘grants-in-aide for athletics and a student-approved athletic fee was .

proposed late last spring in the legislature, but was never voted on in
either house. .

Trustees vote down Division I sports
80. story p.7

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Angels leader called the mayor’s reaction to the
group “negative.”

“There is no need for the Angels in Albany. 1
don't believe there is any indication of any crime
problem here." Whalen said in a telephone inter-
view Thursday. The service the Angels provide is
more suitable for the New York City subways, he
added.

Sliwa lost a battle with Whalen when state
Supreme Court Justice John Bennock ruled last Fri-
day that the Angels could not pitch tents in
Academy Park while they were recruiting new
members. The Angels used the park, which is across
the street from City Hall, to sign recruits anyway,
but no tents were set up.

Whalen had issued an executive order stating that
tents could not be set up in Academy Park, and had

     

Sliwa said “quite a few" students he spoke to said they fell unsafe on the SUNYA campus.

Angels descend upon Albany

suggested that the Angels pitch tents in other parks.
Pennock's ruling upheld the mayor's order.

Sliwa said the Angels may return to the park -for
training of new members.

“We haven’t trained a militia in Albany since
I775 and we're not about to start in I984,"
responded Whalen. ' ‘ ' '

The .mayor said'hevdid not permitrthe group to
pitch tents in the park because it would create a
“dangerous precedent.” Other groups would‘want
to “lobby, protest and demonstrate" there if the
Angels were allowed to use the park. he explained.

Sliwa said that the alternative sites were less ap-
pealing. “Academy Park is the jewel of the city,"
he explained.

The Angels leader said two of the suggested alter-
natives. the Corning Preserve and Libeny Park,
were designed to keep the group “out of the public
eye" and to make it difﬁcult for people to talk with
the Angels.

Sliwa described Libeny Park as a "hangout for
transients" and called it “just a clump of grass bet-
ween Trailways and Greyhound." the bus terminals
located nearby in downtown Albany.

The Coming Preserve is situated between the
Hudson River and Interstate 787.

Sliwa cited Tuesday's break-in at the Governor's
Executive Mansion as an indication of a need for
more security in Albany. “There is a deﬁnite need
for a visual deterrent." he said.

City police are not responsible for security at the
Mansion, according to‘ Governor Mario Cuomo’s
press ofﬁcer Gary Fryer. State and capital police
are in charge of security there. he explained.

In Syracuse, Sliwa said. the police offered their
own facilities to the Angels for recruitment and
training.

He said that in Chicago and Detroit, where the
Angels received no help from local ofﬁcials,'they
trained in city parks.

One third of the Angels' Albany applicants are
women. acc'ordingto Sliwa. The national average is
one woman out of every 6 applicants, he noted.

Half the applicants are not Albany residents. said
Sliwa. Twelve Schenectady residents and eight Troy
residents applied, he said. Many of these applicants
hoped to have Angels units established in their
cities, he claimed.

Sliwa said the main areas the Angels would patrol
are Arbor Hill. the South End and the Coming
Homes.

James Johnson of the Bronx, an Angel who par-
ticipated in the recruitment drive, said that the
Angels were told by Arbor Hill residents that they
were not needed. But he asked, "Why were they
(the residents) carrying bats?"

According to Johnson, the Angels have a s' ong
leadership structure. “If the leader tells us . to
move, we ain't moving nowhere. We don't do not
the police do. we listen to our leader.",_he asserted. . ,.

 

 

 

