   

 

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

-a. u— -n...

OTC is being challenged on this campus. and

R Student Association is. proving its worth by
leading the challenge.

Last week, Central Council pased a resolution bann-
ing ROTC from soliciting in the Campus Center (Ice
story, p.l). This could be the first move in a larger ef-
fort to rid this campus of ROTC once and for all.

= This newspaper applauds SA and other student
groups for joining the cause.

The reasons for battling ROTC are many. but this ac-
tion was based simply on the issue of discrimination.
In the words of the resolution:

>Centrsl Council finds the RH ROTC extension
center program at SUNYA to be violative of the
university's nondiscrimination policy in that the pro-
gram discriminates 6n the basis of sexual or affec-
tional preference.

>S_A deplores the university's non-enforcement of the

sexual preference non-discrimination policy.

>SA will not participate in discriminating against
students on the basis of sexual preference by extending
solicitations priviledges to SUNYA’s ROTC program.

COL UMN.

 

Entroam-s-e  ﬂ
diallenging "C finally

The policies of the U.S. armed" forces and in-
telligence services are based on the myth that homosex-
uality is a psychological disorder or disease. Homosex-
uals are barred .frorn'officer training and other educa-
tional and advancement programs. If discovered, they
face a dishonorable discharge which follows them the
rest of their lives. ‘ .

ROTC also discriminates against women and racial
minorities, is economically less effective than civilian
vocational programs, is a drain on our education
dollars and. if nothing else, it exists to train people in
the art of war and the ignorant narrowmindedness of
blind nationalism. things the world can deﬁnitely do
without.

The Albany Student Press has since I982 challenged
ROTC's discrimination. The ASP will not take adver-
tising from the military or intelligence services without
a statement that they discriminate on the basis of sex-
ual or affectional preference.

We've lost thousands of dollars in advertising
because of this policy — but justice has no price.

Reagan, the dove

Once again American lives and international law
have suffered casualties. We must understand that in-
ternational law is not recognized worldwide, from
Marxist idealogy to lslamic zealots, intransigence is
encouraged. These people are quick to admit they will
use the shield of international law to traverse it.

Ed Reinesv J

This paradox is difficult and quite sensitive to dea.

'ith. The question is how can we prevent attacks on
diplomats and diplomatic structures by others, using
diplomatic immunity or even just plain kamikazee

drivers? The answer, unfortunately. is not quite as sim-
ple. If there should ever be a complete breakdown of in-
ternational diplomacy. the world would desolve into
anarchy and chaos and most likely extinction.

The realization of what would happen should com-
munication among nations fail. returns us to the question
stated above. The rhetoric of the Reagan administration
and the Republicans in Dallas seems to supply a clear and
precise solution. This includes a strengthened United

 

 

 

‘ The author is editorial pages editor of the ASP.

States armed forces. stronger-bonds with allies, and more
sanctions against foes. A centerpiece of this philosophy is
the stress on leadership in our country. Also important is
improved respect around the world. i agree these would
be part of the solution however I cannot understand why
those that present these ideas do not follow through on
them.

President Reagan, despite the talk of the left‘.wing, is
not quick to push a button. He didn’t do it when the
Soviets killed civilians. he didn't do it when 249 U.S.
marines were murdered and he won't do it now that our
embassy has again been bombed. Reagan talks about
strong leadership and decisive judgement yet he acts as
Jimmy Carter would. The only way to gain respect for in-
ternational law is to enforce it.

We must serve justice. Granted killing terrorists might
involve killing future terrorists and terrorist producers
but it would be prudent. if fanatics will not play by the
recognized rules, we are not obligated to follow them.
The British. by allowing a Libyan diplomat (Read Ter-
rorist), who shot into a crowd killing a policewoman, to
be welcomed home unscathed as a hero, only belittled in-
ternational law further by allowing this abuse. Why is
Reagan behaving like Carter? i can’t figure it out, honest-

  

SA is c‘onsiderlng a “Coalition Against ROTC...
backed by extensive analysis of the abundant abuses,
lies and injustices of ROTC and the military, especially
in education. '

The coalition’s goals would be the end of the
SUNYA/RPI cross-registration with RPl's ROTC ex.
tension. working to battle the oppressive Solomon
amandment. and ﬁnally. ﬁghting draft registration
itself..

More than fighting the military's violation of civil
rights. the Coalition would be working to the tune of,
“They shall beat their swords into ploughshares;
neither shall they learn war anymore." '

In this day and age. learning death and destruction
serves no sane purpose. The Coalition would be slriv.
ing for the reestablishment of the Peace Studies
deparetment here. learning constructive, not destruc-
tive means of resolving conflict.

On this campus. where activism and challenges to
authority have been cooling on the back burner, SA’s

' initiative is a rekindling of that spirit.

Whether the administration will join this ﬁght
against the injustice, hypocrisy and abuse of ROTC
and the military remains a question. But at least the
students have made it clear on which side they stand.

ly. It's not due to the election for he has never behaved as
his rhetoric would suggest.

Attacks by all on the security measures taken at the
embassy are absurd; an isolated building in a semi
hostile environment can never be safe. All security can do
is to serve as a deterrent. It cannot preclude the possibili-
ty of an attack. I ‘

This makes all the more humorous Mondalc‘s com-
ments on'the bombing. Fritz, never one to get involved in
political pandering but quite aware of the "leadership
issue" stated that Reagan failed to display “strong and
assertive leadership" to protect the embassy. Now I
don’t care if your Mondale’s right hand man in the AFL-
ClO, that's an obvious load of crap.

The point of the article is that this is a hostile world
with people who don't respect international law excepl
where it protects them. And if we feel impotent under
Reagan, imagine how we would feel with Mondale. The
guy everybody on the block used to beat up on is coming
back. owned by special interests from Aardvark:
anonymous to Zoological Zealots. So next time pcopk
call Reagan a vindictive gunslinger, remember the last
time we needed a vindictive gunslinger and didn’t havt
one.

 

 

 

Do You MiND F I BURN a we .iN YouR
alliRT, 5PlLL aéHeﬁ iN YOUR COFFee,
COUGH oN YOUR FooD, BMeLL UP
YouR HaiR aND ..CLOTHe§, aND DouBLe
YouR CHaNce oF GeTTiNG caNceR?

   
 

   

THe FiTNess CORNER

Q. How FaST aﬂouLD éoMeone RUN?
A. iT‘é UNHeaLTHY To RUN Too Fae-r
To HOLD 3 Co

VeRﬁaTiON.

  
 

  

N

When“) a... u... "A"... . . a 4-;

 

ﬁlth“! MIN
"tug 4N1!
CPS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

W04 41....” ‘9...

 
   
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 

 

Nature-M’AW w _

 

 

 

\\\\. .\.\\\\- ~\\\\\\y

1 Olympic gold
medalist
Jeff Blatni'ck

     

 

   

