 

 '8 ALBANY sru‘bEivr PRESS n FRIDA’YAPR'IL 27, ID”

 

 

"ASP corporation board nominations
Deadiineis May 1st

The positions available are:

1 Alumni poSition
3 Current ASP employees

 

NeWs Updates .

Trustees order hlke

Albany
(AP)0ut-of-state students of the State
UniVersity of New York are expected to pay
$550 more for tuition in the next school year t
as a result of actions taken by SUNY
trustees.

The Board of Trustees on Wednesday
directed Chancellor Clifton Wharton to
prepare the revised tuition and fee schedules
and to raise dormitory rates by SISO a year.

Final action on the tuition and dorm rates
by the board is ttot expected until June, and
the new fees would take effect starting the
fall semesters of the SUNY campuses. Fee
hikes must t‘irst by published in the state's of-

 

 

ding to SA controller Adam Barsky.

Negotiations were discussed recently. and
the university cited .the purchase to enable
them to “fix' up" the Performing Arts
Center. said Barsky.

'Once the university goes through the pro-
per state ofﬁces to finalize the transaction.
and providing no unforsecn difﬁculties. the
university will plan to buy the equipmtnl.
Barsky added.

Ottlce remodeled

. High quality services are still being provid-
ed to students in the Students Account of-
ficc. despite extensive remodeling being
done. said AssociaLe Director of Student Ac-

 

 

Senatetovoteon‘W' '

The "W" grade proposal will go before
the University Senate on Monday. May 7. ac-
cording to the chair of the Senate's
Undergraduate Academic Council. Cathy
LaSusa.

If the senate approves the proposal. a
“W” will appear on the transcripts of
students who drop courses ten days after the
start of a semester. The proposal would also
lengthen the add period from six days to ten.

if approved. the new policy will go into ef-
fect in September. 1985.

The proposal was developed for two
reasons. said the assistant dean for the Center
for Undergraduate Education, Dick Collier.

been awarded (Stud!) fellowship from the): I ..
John Simon Guggenheim Foundation for; ; 

studies in organosulfur chemistry. Block is
one out of nine SUNYA faculty members to,
receive the fellowship this year. ' I

The fellowship will finance Block’s travel.
research and writing about organosulfur‘
chemistry.

TV'news service ends

The television news service which was car-
ried throughout the university is no longer
operating. according to director of the
Educational Communications Center Grant
Van Patten.

 

 

Schoolman.

equality and allowing t‘or greater

y ftctzii register before the board may formally counts Kathleen Wakeman, He said lhc lawn is designed m prcvcm ovcp Reuters NCWS SchiCC. Which has been car-
I I l , act. A regiwalion and w give a more accurate pip ried on the campuswidc television distribu-
5 ‘   H No tuition increases were proposed for Electrical work, ventilation changes. new lure Ora “mlch academic record tion system. has been discontinued by
c New YUTk Slﬂic "-‘Sidcnis attending ' lights and a new ceiling are among the cxten- ‘ ‘ ' Capitol Cablevision. which was the local
, ' k “"dtil'grudlmﬂ' or graduate programs at sivc changes currently being undertaken in source for the SUNYA television system,
5 SUNY'S 29 MENU-000ml“! campuscs- the Billing and Accounts maintenance office. . Van Pattcn said.
While the employees are ttnconvittccd.    He Said mill he is '00kiﬂg [0' a n-‘l"lﬁce'
a     ' mom for Reuters.
' ' d Wakcmttn stressed that scrviccs to students . The television news service appeared in the
    O c Th" “"iW‘rSi'i' i5 Diallltlng '0 huy Silldctll ltavc been “rcmarkably efficient." attd have Eric Block. professor of chemistry at Tltc lecture centers and in the Adminisiralion
_  I. AHSOUiNiUH'S audio-Visual C(luipmcnl. accor- not bcctt inconvenienced lll all. State University of New York at Albany. has Building, among other places.
the ASP Busmess ce t
, . . a .
; Capitalism, socralism debated
-
   5 '00   d statements front botlt sides of the
l ,_ <11 panel. debate bctwcctt pancl
i ticcs and institutions that are fun- members and questions from the
.1. I I  w dttmcnttilly csscntial to our way of audience were allowed.
"i    s   c In life. These institutions cannot be Questions focused on the
I' ~ m tampered with." he said. socialists, asking ltow society would
A I ' t; Schoolman explained that it is be affected and changed under a
  I    at      tttorc a question of to what degree socialist form of governmcnt. Ques-
. I g I; w socialism can he admitted. He lions asked of the capitalists focus-
? i ' I I ,il argued that it can be beneficial to ed on justifying tltc cxploitivc
   7   8 I  m I n  .3 introduce some aspects or socialsim aspect of capitalism. and its cin-
.‘ V I p M to our socicty. “Socialism can be phasis on greed and competition. I
; > u_ used to purge capitalism of some of Birn answered that socialism
 I its negative features," explained would aid society by increasing

 nut-w; o; Mist-neg-

 

-.-:.~>‘V<q,“. : _‘

> A_ll current ASP employees must attend

 

 

   
   
  

FIRST AMVUAL TEA CIMVG,
ADVISEVG and STUDENT ASSOCM HON
 AWARDS EVENT

Tuesday May Ist , 1.984

Cocktail Party (Teaching and Advising Awards) at 6:00 pm
- - PATROON ROOM LOUNGE - -

 

 

Schoolman also argued that one
of the fundamental differences
separating capitalism and socialism
was the issue of private property.
Schoolman argued that the reason
why private propcrty is an essential
institution of capitalism is that it is
important in our dcvcloptttcnt of
“the self."

“i’t‘intlL‘ property arid private
ownership establish boundaries bet-
ween tltc individual and the state
and helps to establish individual
rights," Schoolmttn said. “A socic~
ty which cttcottrttgcs private propcr-
ty encourages the individual to
identin possessions with self. The
self shouldn't belong to another.
ttttd the private sclt~ should not be
determined by some outsidc force,"
maintained Schooltttntt.

Scltoolntan advocach tltc
assimilation of socialism with
capitalism. "Socialism," ltc said.
“should be tiscd to mitigate tltc har-
shest realities of capitalism. bill
should not tampei witlt its fun—
datttctttul institutions. We can od-
ntit socittlisitt at tltc periphery, as
long as capitttlisttt remains at the

social participation in politics.
"Socialism would break down tltc
decisions we are making and look at
their basis. We can have grcatcr
equality without sacrificing produc-
tivity. Our basic social needs are not
being met." he responded.

ltt response to a question regar-
ding exploitation of tltc Third
World nations by capitalists.
Schoolman asserted that this is a
trttdcol'l‘ we are forced to make iii a
capitalistic society. “it is a notion
we have to live witlt" Schoolmttn
said. “We all have Exxon credit
cards, or loans with banks that are
lending moticy to countries in ('ctt~
ll’ill America. It is something we
have to live with." he said.

in response to tile some question,
Bit'n ttsscrtcd that it is it qttcstion of
making u decision litttl we are colit-
fortnblc with. “There is the Ihcory
that the pic is' getting biggcr. and
the question we tuttst ask ourselves
ttndcr capitalism is it" we are com—
fortnblc with tltc notion that in
order to keep our dominant share
of the pic. we have to repress
others."

60" Liqueur. General Wine at Spirits Cm. N.Y., N.Y.

"Schnapps
never tasted

1- ; so cooll’

 

Try Dr. McGillicuddy’s Cool Mentholmint Schnapps
and he’ll give you the shirt off his back. Free. ‘7

X
Legend hasit Dr. McGillicuddy created the coolest schnapp‘s

) tn all of Canada. Today you can still enjoy his re-

freshing Mentholmint Schnap s. . .and get a free
-,. .»,. .. "Open Wide and Say Ah " T-shirt. with
t ' proof of purchase.

     

9
me).    m Wit" The forum attracted approx-
. p Following the introductory imatcly 75-80 people.

Pretenders not coming to Mayfest

  

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

 - - PATROON ROOM - - . t ' -  ~ so
- pa 9 . I ’ ‘ ’ . i licud y‘s, out this 0 cia order orm.
5‘ <Ft'0nl 9 before spring break. Barsky said \ Then pceloffthe perforated UPC (proofofpur-
it Student Association Conlt'olicr that UCliIs expected income will be z chase)codc section from the back label of750 ml
r; M ‘ ,  ‘ n k Adam Barsky said that Uc13,\vmc|1 raised to cover tltc costs oftltat con- d f d [h UPC d ‘
‘2  t - $3 w sponsors Mayfest. wnsbudgctcd for cert. “They'll make their income 0' H “T?” 9, CO e “3.
f  c e 8 . 5134.000 this year. and is expcclcd line but they'll atsu Spend more Dr. McGillicuddy sFrce T-Shirt Offer
1 to put$80.000ol'lhat back into SA. money than their budget.” he cx- P-O- 3"" 725’ DCPL 344’LUbb°°ki TX 79491
V’ . The $54,000 difference was to bc Flamed. Small Cl Medium C] Large L] Extra Large [3
r9 ' 0 used to hold down tltc cost of ticked ‘
: Buy       prices at UCli concerts, particularly Late Thursday night Kahan‘said NAMF (Please Print) AGE
.1 Mayfest. Barsky explained. “We’re .38 Special was being considered for ADDRESS ’
'9 trying to throw the best event we the fourth act. “We put in an offer _TY ," TE

Cl ' ' STA ZIP ’

 

or at the door that night (if they last).

 

can at the ichsl cost to students."
ltc said.

for them." ltc stated, adding that
an answer was expected sometime

  

Offer expires April 30

I
I
I
I
I
or liter sizes of Dr. McGillicuddy's. Mail both the i :
I
I
I
I
I
I

 

NOTE: Offer valid to adults oflegal drinking age. One offer per household.

. l9tiS. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks for delivery of T-

 LﬂSl year U2 headlined Mai’fcsh Friday. “C said "‘0 band was “‘2 g‘g ihirl. 0 i'tcers.emptoyees and_representatives oflicensed retailers and
v bl” [garsky said the event |ost [‘crcd Hamund $20,000" [0 appcar. wholesalers.grou sornrganiiattonsarenoteligible.Voidwhereprahibited.
i ‘ . . . . . taxed or restrict: by law. 1 his ofﬁcial request form must accompany your
C        T   money because 1.500 fewer people A (liftcrcnt act which Kahan said ‘. r:qu:sl.ll1d may mu be duplicatedin any way.
. A . A - attended tltc event than “we need- was possible. but not likely. would ‘ _ “mm
3:; ed to break cvcn. be tltc band founded by Cltris Dif-    ' ’

UCli went over its budget by

 

 

 

 

 

 

schcdulittg tltc recent Clash concert

ford and Glen Tilbrook. two ex-
Squcczc members. [it

h\-----'—------—---Jl,

 

