  

 

 

 

~h.‘ ‘2 ‘

 

.—-—........e...._._

r
l
l
r

~»«xs-.—w-.,- 9.. cf.

 

 

 

:44me Mommas or russm r. ocmsswo. 19:4

 

, emmthe Editor

Anfathletic Hall of Fame is a I ‘ I ' '
. V_ . . ,' great idea. especially at a Division in school. Because
afﬂigmgceltﬁgiqbgy‘rgogdﬂi school athletes don‘t get anything for theiriser-
s  ‘ a . .
“gaging I?“ dew; m mmpeze. ucatron. They are performrng for self-satisfaction.
, a 0 Fame is an excellent way to rec ize tho“ ‘ ’ ' l '
se nd d l h
thseir tikrpe anfd effort as well as sacrificing m‘figc‘h of their fireelf'ilmle’.a S w D have given
Telpee: osgghiihe gesrre to compete. there is not a better example of this than Peter
. . e c arter inductees. Telfer was told by a doctor that due to a pleural ef-

celr ogiaining Ail-ﬁmerican status in the latter.
n: vision 1 sc ools. athletes often get free rides to ’ ' ' ‘ '

' . the unrversr in addition to
:geegrkallatsqtozs alqd aqzdemrc advisement. When Walt Frazier came 3, this school to
the worst y ar e to of his college career and its ups and downs. Frazier said one of
bake‘bannhr‘ogrlteegts infhtlsI college career came during the year that he took off from
his own disses. pecr rca y. Frazier said the toughest thing for him was registering for

That is some contrast to the athl ' h I
. .. etes here at Albany. Here the athletes are ex ted to
plug tthIr weight as students as well. Think of the careers that the first inductees:c of the
Ear: il;aiirte went on to after their schooling was over
0 wa ‘s I ' ' '
scarsdalle If. Hyi 81h ﬁrstly a professor at Oneonta and Teller rs now a principal in
For t em. college wasn't a ste in '

. . tonetoahrh-ain f ' l
Rather. “was pp g s. . g p.y lg pro essrona career.
“me. just a place to get an education while competing in sports in their spare

To all of the charter members of the Alb
. . any State Athletic Hall of Fa :
Holway. Merlin Hathway, Edith Cobane and Gerald Amyor — congratulgflotfseﬁ:

deserve it.
M W

 

Contents-"F‘-

3- The NFL’s best and worst passers
This-month sports writer Andy Targovnik gives us his ratings on the
quarterbacks of the NFL. '

3- What a health club should offer you
As a new feature in the sports magazine. Health Editor Judith Torel ext
plains what one should look for and what to avoid in a health club.

4- Cover story: The first five inductees to
Albany's Hall of Fame

Marc Bemran. Keith Marder and Dean Chang tell the stories of the lives
of the five inductees of the new Albany State Hall of Fame.

4- Laying the groundwork for anew Athletic
Hall of Fame

Associate Sports Editor. Dean Chang. discusses what it takes to start a
Hall of Fame at a college.

8- Pictorial
The New York Knicks battle the Chicago Bulls at the Glens Falls Civic
Center. Catch all of the action through the lens of Bob Luckey.

Photos

Cover photo of Gary Holway was taken from the 19 P

page two picture of the l9” men's basketball team ﬁgs teaftaegnofr‘b‘lhqt‘h:
State ’College News. The page three picture of Dan Marina is an
Associated Press photo reprinted courtesy of Capital District
Newspapers. The pictures in the centerfold were both reprinted from
the State College News; on the left it is Gary Holway with his wife Elma
1?:mwsdzlﬁgi:: i:‘etsy aqid C'grylyn. 0n the right is Peter Teller

- n oa e.
Knicks-Bulls' game were falcon by ridge eight [allow-spread Of the

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 

a

D; Kneeiin

  

.Varsity lineu

 

5 left to right, Tr

 

 

w» .

ainer Tom

   

McDonald John 'ongrone Joh B V

. r ‘ . , i . n Cent , v enmau'

right. Coach Haitiaer Pe e Tel Neil‘sl [ﬁlliephout' Standing m}th

“train it aiker. John Allasio. and Manager loe MéCog-b ‘Til‘ber' Do“ “Wit
, ' mac .

 

 

 

 

 .. w" ' ' ﬁw‘rmvmrummamau. u.

The NFL’s best and war

By Andy Targovnik
SPORTS WRITER

Most coaches would agree that the role
of the quarterback is the key to the of-
fense's success. Here are my ratings ofthe
best and worst passers in the National
Football League.

The Top 10

1 Steve Bartkowski- It amazes me how a
quarterback can be so accurate while
throwing the ball 70 yards in the air. in
1983. Bartkowski tossed 22 touchdown
passes with only five interceptions. Bar-
tkowski has trouble running out of the
pocket but he more than makes up for it
with his arm, He's the best - pure and
simple.
2 Dan Marino- Even though Marino has
only played for one year it looks like he‘s
a seasoned veteran. Marino has the con-
fidence in himselfand is not afraid to call
audibles at the line of scrimmage. Not bad
for a guy who was chosen after Ken
O'Brien in the 1983 draft. l'iey Jet fans: i
hear O'Brien keeps a great clipboard.
3 Joe Theismann- You can give a good
portion of credit for he Redskins' success
in recent years to Joe 'i‘heismann. Joey
can do it all. His one fault is his big mouth
which always scents to be getting him in
to trouble. However, the game is played
on the field. and Washington fans are
sure glad he  playing for them.
4 Dan Fonts; i really feel sorry for Dan
Fonts. The Chargers are never able to get
to the big game. Mr. i-‘outs can thank the
Chargers‘ tron-existent defense for that.
Fouls holds the NFL mark for passing
yards in a season with 4802 yards and he
has thrown for over 4000 yards three
times. Only three other quarterbacks in
history have ever done it once. Enough
said.

5 Joe Montana- Many people called Mon-
tana a fluke after the 49ers dismal season
in 1982 (one year after the 49ers’ Super
Bowl victory). After watching Montana
the last two years. 1 consider him one of
the great ones in the game. Now i find
most of those skeptics seem to agree.

6 Tommy Kramer- 'l‘ommy Kramer has
been the victim of a no-talent team for

What a health club should

By Judith Torel
HEALTH EDITOR

Man local college students and work-
ing a ults are joining health clubs and
becoming active participants of the fitness
generation. When asked why. these 18-30
year-olds can sight a variety of reasons for

ecoming health facility members.

"About five or six pounds," is the
motivation for Charlene Dougall. a local
health club member. in health clubs you
gain motivation from other "dedicated
people interested in improving their
minds and their Bodies." is the rational of
Joe Drosky a local computer programmer
and health club member.

Current magazines carry articles that
portray health clubs as the singles clubs of
the 80's and imply that some people are
motivated strictly for social reasons.

Whatever your reason. you should ask
two questions before joining a club. First.
what are the general qualities that people
should look for in a good. safe health
facility? And once you pick a club. what
can people do to get the maximum
benefits with a minimum of soreness and
injury? it's better to ask these tuestions
now. Instead ofafter the money has been
paid.

Because there are many different
motivations and goals that lead a person
to join a health club. there is a correspon-
ding wide variety of types of clubs
available. Within the Albany’i'ruy'
Schenectady area there are co-ed vs.
single sex. bar bell vs. machine weights.
gyms that offer a variety of activities vs.
gyms specializing in a certain type of ac-

   

rucsm r. OCTOBER-30. 1984.13 ALBANY. sruocmmass   

many years. The Vikings lack receiving.
an offensive line. and a running game.
Kramer shines through all the rain. He is
incredibly accurate short. and can air it
out when he has to. He is also, and most
importantly. the Vikings leader. 1 know a
lot of people must be saying..."l(ramer.
number 6?"... Well. the nest time the Vik-
itrgs are in town. check him out. You
might be surprised.
7 Neil Lomax- The only fault that Lomax
has is his ability to scramble. in addition.
the Cardinals have terrible pass blocking.
Despite all this Lornax still tossed 24
touchdown passes to only ll intercep-
tions and has an incredible arm. lie im-
proves every game and what‘s scary is
that he is still improving.
8 John Elway- Even though iilway had a
horrible rookie season. he has improved
immensely in 1984. lie has a cannon for
an arm and can really thread the needle.
iilway sometimes talks too nruch. but the
man can pass the football.
9 Phil Simms- Over the years i have been
one of the biggest Giant critics you could
find. i questioned everything from front
office to personnel. However. i actually
have something good to say about the
Giants. and that is Phil trimms. Simms has
overcome the Giants‘ pitiful offensive litre
and running game (remember the com-
pliments only go so far). Simms is one of
the unluckiest people itr terms ofinjuries:
Evel Knievel had less injuries than him. i
am truly impressed with the ability of
Simms to throw the football. if he ever
gets some protection and receiving (come
on Grant fans. you really don't- consider
Earnest Gray a real receiver) he will be Pro
Bowl material. 80 the next - time Bill
Parcells thinks about playing Jeff Rutledge
or reacquiring Scott Brnnner. he should
think again.
10 Bill Kenney- Considering Kenney has
the Chiefs offense to work with. a league-
leading «i348 passing yards ‘in 1083 isn’t
half bad. Forgetting statistics. Kenney
seems to have all the tools and if the
Chiefs ever get a team to surround him.
lookout NFL.

if your favorite quarterback is missing

tivity. gyms thafoffer fringe benefits such
as saunas. steam rooms. etc. and gyms
that offer nothing but an area for a
workout.

The qualifications of the service person-
nel is a consideration that local health
club members. owners and area athletic
injury 5 ecialists alike agree that an in-
tereste individual should consider
before joining a club.

"Health clubs are only as good as the
personel that man them." is the educated.
experienced opinion of the bend trainer
for the SUNYA Athletic Department. Jack

 

 

 

 

 

st passers?

 

 

 

from the above list. you will most likely
find him in the following categories.

Young guys who may be in the top-10
I soon

Jim McMahon— Now that McMahon has
confidence he is showing he can throw
the ball quite elfectively and will lead the
Bears to the playoffs.

Tony Eason- liason is finally getting a
:hance to play aird has looke

athletics is high“. anti he agrees that ser-
vice personnel should have a knowledge
of their particular specialty. whether it be
aerobics. free weights. trautilus equip-
ment. etc.

Local professionals also recommend
that property maintanance be evaluated
when a person is looking into health
clubs.

Koelmel said that "period or constant
supervision." of the weight machines
should be maintained.

These two dimensions are the two most
frequently cited by area health affiliates to

“Health clubs are only as good as the
personnel that man them”

-— Jack Koelmel

 

Koelmel Koelmel feels that a good. safe
health facility should have sortie type of
screening process to determine a
member‘s exercise capacity level. be it
beginner. novice. intermediate. advanced
or professional. The personnel should be
experienced and knowledgeable enough
to direct the members through the club's
activities with the initial levels in mind.

Bronte medalist for power lifting in the
1034 Empire State Games and weight
training programmer Ned Nortan agrees
that service is very important in a health
club.

Norton contends that “injury risk in any

be most inrportarrt in the evaluation of a
health club; however. once a “good-safe"
club has been chosen. what should the
new health club member be aware of in
order to gain the maximum benefits
while avoiding injury?

Mike ’l‘irella. practicing chiropracter in
the Albany-Colonic area. suggests. "Start
slow and don't try to get too much too
fast. Otherwise you're just asking too
much from your body.

“Don‘t get discouraged. it's normal to
feel some soreness." said 'I‘irella. referring
to when one just begins a work-out pro-
gram. Again. however. it is important for

impressive.

Young guys who aren‘t so hot
Dave Krieg- Krng grew up very fast in
1083 and showed strong signs of leader-
ship. But too often. he looks immature by
throwing interceptions that should never
have been thrown.

Gary Hogeboom- Hogeboom hasn‘t look-
ed too bad but to the Dallas fans‘ dismay
he is no Roger Staubach.

doffer yoii

the athlete as well as the service clientele
to take into consideration his/her ability
and exercise knowledge. if a new
member has been working out regularly.
the aim should be for a more intense
program.

Tirella maintains that it is important for
everyone to have a postural screeing
before working out. especially when
weight lifting is involved.

During a workout. a health member
may experience pain from certain exer-
cises and do more damage than good due
to a postural problem the member never
knew he/she had.

Koelmel recommends an adequate
warm-up. knowledge of the muscle
groups you‘re working. an awareness of
safety devices. knowledge of your limit.
and an attempt to be progressive. Start at
a level determined by your club service
personnel based on your past workout
experience. but work towards improving
this level.

Norton. who has worked as a weight
programmer in several area clubs. feels
that the many health facilities will even-
tually evolve into fewer athletic com-
plexes. such as the Olympic Training
Center in Colorado Springs. Members will
find many activities there. with specializ~
ed instruction in each. all housed under
one facility.

Until this happens however. potential
health club members must screen and
research various clubs offering a variety of
facilities and find one specializing in
his/her interest while remaining true to
the nature of a health facility. D

 

 

