 

 

‘I ASPECT S'

h my cold and sweaty palmsl l'm sitting

in the waiting room and just managed

, to splatter ketchup all over my leg in-

stead of my hamburger. and there is no place

‘ to wash it off. I hate ketchup. it is nearly time
for me to audition.

C. M. Kaplan

“Face the back wall and describe yourself."
he said

At this very moment lam standing in a long
empty room about to begin the audition.
There is a patch of green calling out to me
through the windows l'm facing and 1 think in-
stantly of summer. Goosebumps are on my
bare arms. my bare feet. l notice a callous on
my ankle.

"What would you like to know?" i stand fac-
ing the white wall. if I could only-see their
faces.

“Tell us what you look like. Please be

 

creative.

I have rehearsed for this audition for three
.veeks. l read the play and reread the play. in
fact I've been playing the main character for
three weeks of my life. i brush my teeth the
way Ben Dawson Would. I walk the way Ben
Dawson would. i try to screw up my mouth
the way he would when having a long conver-
sation. l want this part.

I had tried to answer any question they
would ask me u things like:

“Why do you want to be an actor?"

“What is your goal as an actor?"

“Recount the happiest moment of your
like."

Yet I didn't think of this one. And such a
simple question. Stupid fool! Describe yourself
they said. Describe yourself!

"l have elfish features: upturned nose.
twinkle eyes. high cheek bones. freckles.
Think of Pan running through forests. l'm
nimble athletic and young. l'm 23 years old
but there are few litres on my face to show it. I
could be l4...16...18...l am a boy-man

 

caught In transition."

There is no response. l'm listening for the
rustling of papers. for the sound of pencils
scratching on clipboards. i want to hear some
noise. Ask me another question. Nothing.

l hear the orchestra playing l can see the
middle aged woman in the peacock blue
velvet gown sawing away at the violin that
looks as if it Is attached to her chin. She always
plays first violin in these high school shows. It
is somesort of warped tradition. The conduc-
tor counts out the time with his baton: l 2 3 4
2 2 3 4...the ladies waiting look awkward
moving about out there on the stage. They
remember each blocked move: pointed toes.
forced smiles. stiffness. The girls carry plastic
flowers in their hands. They are waiting for the
boyeknights in their levl jeans and tinfoil ar-

.mour.The cardboard castle and plywood

white horses stand downstage One of the
damsels is wearing her Timex. They don't
really believe in this: they‘re just playing. They
know that at this point in the show they are on
page 43. line 36. i look for the spark. for fire.
for life on stage. Not parts. or lines. entrances.
and exits: l strive for genuine feeling.

I want to be an actor.

“and sometimes l look like a huge dinosaur.
No. no 1 mean this. Ten feet tall and one inch
thick made of heavy black cardboard. A
cookie cutter mouth and a blank hole of an
eye. 1 have mechancial arms that are raised
slowly up and slowly down: up and down. up
and down in the same routinized manner all
day long I raise my_arms as a lumber jack
does when chopping wood....and then bring
them slowly slowly down. People stare at me.
perplexed."

l'm still facing the wall. lwait for a reaction.
Any sort of feedback. I want to go on with the
audition. Let me read Ben Dawson. damnltl

“Thank you.”

Thank you?! What? Turning and staring at
those three cold faces i want to scream. iwant

APRIL 27. 1984

Perspectives .

— ImproviéatiOnal Me

them politely. The fat woman in the third chair
over grunts “in about a week." i smile at them
all. I am walking tall and carefully towards the
door. still smiling.

“Thank you." i turn and pleasantly nod to
them.

I am an actor.

to open up my mouth as wide as it opens and
SCREAMl I worked three weeks on this. i
drove six hours to get here to do this. ldeserVe
this. I am so damn good and you gave me
three minutes to describe myself. Ha. You
don’t know me at all.

"When will you be letting me know?" i ask

  
 
   

    

'7. 1934» I

 

 
 
   

oe Strummer. the Clash's lead singer
and guitarist. and Cosmo Vinyl. the
Clash's manager. came out of the
in the lobby of the Albany Hilton
: black leather jackets: Joe's mohawk

 

 
   
    

Nosferatess

      

through my window

leaves of newspaper .
tumble through streets.

stray dogs

weave between parked cars.
beneath the ledge

‘i hear her rising in slinking instep
calling

as glowing coals burn

amid blazing circles of green
slipping

innocently

as a kitchen knife from a table
i know

she

has the taste

of blood on her breath.

i feel her claws

in my pulse . . .

 
       
    

ill ‘

4 will
.tl'iillllllll'llll
.,tii!;n,  m.
I'll: llflll‘l '

 

 
 
    

i

ll

     

  

Michael Maccori

by Michelle J. Krell

  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 

d orange.
avid Singer
e walked up State street to my car-.- I

t to stare at Joe too much. and l began
ine that this was all part of a Clash

it up front. and supressed a smile when
an to play with the little toy airplane on
t dshteld that everyone who sits in the
at of my car plays with. For the dura-
the ride. he remained very quiet and
wn as he stared at out the window at
. . He occasionally responded to
'5 comments or commented on the
- but otherwise drab scenery. He was
ted by Casey's. the orange. white and
luncheoneite with the "White Castle"
rchitecture. which is located on Central
e.' just past where Central and
ngton meet.
u don’t see something like that much
re." Joe blurted. "Yeh. everythtng‘s a
x. ' 1 one hour photo." answered Cosmo as
‘ ssed the nearby One Hour Photo.
en we arrived at WCDB. where the in-

, was going to take place. Joe looked
1" d and walked in on the DJ. who was
'. g at the time. "Right onl". Joe yelled
' the blaring music. and said to me. “
‘i' re sure having fun."

‘ ving fun Is what Joe Strummer is all
. and the lack of It is what he cites as the
n for the recent split up of the Clash:
' mer kicked out original band member
Jones last September. “It's gotta be fun
‘ v this kind of thing." Strummer said. “No
;; forcing you to do it. If it isn't fun then it

 

e a real sag on the spirit. and it ceased to

 

 

II

TICKETS:

PRIZE:
OTHER PRIZES:
Avenue, Albany

store

Quail Street

 

FUERZA LATINA PRESENTS A

Featuring from NYC:
The BAD STREET BOYS 8:
LA / SENSUAL

SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1984
CC BALLROOM
9PM-2AM (Free BEER 9PM- 10PM)

$6 single S l 1 couples (w / tax)
$9 single $ 1 6 couples (w / o / tax)
msco nusrc or DJ. GORDON
SALSA DANCE CONTEST:
DINNER ron rwo

AT GARCIA’S MEXICAN RESTAURANT
1673 Central Avenue. Colonic

\

I) 2 coupon. at the GROUND ROUND on Central

2) One record from STRAWBERRIES
3) Bottle of LIQUOR from Madison Avenue Liquor

4) Rattle of LIQUOR from SABATINO'S on 210

5) “The Perfect Cut” 452 Madison Avenue
434-3277 Free Haircut and Blowdry

6) “The Perfect Cut” 452-Madison Avenue
434-3277 Free Haircut and Blowdry

SA FUNDED

QM-X
TWO DAYS FOR SENIOR
PORTRAITS.
SITTINGS $8.00

RESITTINGS $5.00

Sign up sheets outside CC 305
April 30 (Monday)
May lst ’(Tuesdav)
DON’T PUT IT OFF!

 

 

 

n when Mick began to get very awkward
t everything and lost his enthusiasm for
asks such as touring."

4 ummer and Jones had been members of
~ riginal Clash. a band whose passionate

 

I r. and culminated in a great deal of
lar excitement. Their first LP. The Clash
bassist Paul Simonon. and drummers

Chimes and Topper Headon. who
ced Chimes, was released in England in

f and made It to the States in 1978. By
. the Clash had three albums out. and
" critics were calling their first album the
est record of the decade. As Joe Strum-
descrtbes the albums."The Clash was
h and raw. Give ‘em Enough Rope was
y metalled up. thousands of guitars. It

In the album London Calling that the

d ceased to be savage. and became in-

 

   
  

     

't the Clash a moderate amount of airplay.
they continued to develop a following.
h was now coming out of the
rground. ' -

   
  
   

    

  

 

 

 

l was excited when Joe asked if he

al message caused considerable critical-

tlng." The sound was interesting enough

 

 

Vinyl

to - Strummer Looks 
Owards The Future

The Clash's fourth album was a three-
record set called Sandlnista. At the time of its
1980 release. the popular rumor was that the
Clash had made Sandinistn three records long
because they thought that it could get them
out of their record contract. which they were
supposedly unhappy with. and which called
for three more albums. According to Strum-
mer. “We were playing mind games with the
record company. We put out London Calling
tWo for one (a two-record set). Bruce Springs-
teen called up Epic and said. 'How come
those damn llmeys can get It? Well. i demand
the same.‘ So they said all right to Bruce. so
he came out with The River. two for one. So
we said. all right. here's three for one. Get a
load of that. Bruce."

With Sondinistsa. the Clash's sound had
become much more soulful. even funky. and
had gotten them considerable airplay in dance
clubs. if not on the radio. While touring for
Snndinista. the Clash reinforced their new
soulful image. playing with opening acts such
as Rappers. hurtis Blow. and Grandmaster
Flash and the Furious Five, The crowds didn't
take very well to the opening acts; they were
still used to a Clash that was rough. raw. and
violent. But the Clash's popularity grew steadi-

y.

ln 1982. the Clash's popularity peaked with
the release of Combat Rock. their fifth album.
The Clash used the hot new video market as
effectively as anyone. and soon had their first
million-selling album. Combat Rock contains
the hits “Should l Stay or Should i Go." and
"Rock the Casbah." and according to Strum-
mer. "50 percent of It was a lot more rocky
than Sundlnlsta or even some of London Call-

   

ing. like “Know Your Rights." or "Should i
Stay." but balancing that is the Saigon God-‘
knows-what-abilly of “Sean Flynn" and the
1925 luncheoneite number “Death is a Star.‘

The Clash's success climaxed in October of
1982. when they opened for the Who at Shea
stadium in New York City. For the Clash. who

1/.

    
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

.‘nvm ...m,. ..,...n........."."- m.” .

   
   

r m. H.

    

. iJfJL:‘vl'.‘x.u.I«-A m I
. 4

 

Views

.were used to playing in small places. this was a
radical change. “My first gig was in a broom
closet." qutpped Strummer. He feels that the
best place for a show is an arena that seats
about 3000 (like Albany's Palace Theater). but

The Clash in 1978

explained why they opened for the Who at
Shea: "You can't go on about it if youhaven't
done it. You can't complain about a restaurant
if you haven't tried the food. Also. we figured
we would like some of their audience if they
were gonna retire. and they invited us. The
Stones once invited us to play a show in New

poster billed like a boxing fight. “The cham-
pions of the world. The Rolling Stones. vs.
The Contenders. The Clash." Get a bit of fun
into it, And they just put the phone down."

 

mung-v” “um v I

Orleans. and we said okay. but we wanted the'

 

    

 
  
  

 

ERICA SPEIGEL UPS

Playing with the Who also enabled Strum-
mer to check up on a band that had been
through the mill. which he says encouraged
him to sack Mick Jones. “They couldn't stand
the sight of each other. They'd go on stage
and do the old pals act in front of the 90.000
people. but they weren't buddies. and i didn't
wanna get like that with Mick. and I thought to
hell with it. i didn't care which way it went.but
lcouldnt go on like this; i didn't care if we had
to take a big dive. It would be much more fun
than going on like that." he explained.

So in September of 1983. Strummer. with
Paul Simonon backing him up. kicked Mick
Jones out of the Clash. Drummer Topper
Headon had left the band voluntarin about a
year earlier. and was replaced by Peter
Howard Guitarists Vince White and Nick
Shephard also joined the band. "It just takes
the whole weight off." contends Strummer.
"Now we've got a team "

Shortly after the split up. controversy arose
regarding the band's name. as both the Jones
and Strummer factions claimed to be the
Clash. Strummer feels that. “What Mick wants
is all the money. but he's given up on the
name. because he realizes that you can't just
have the Clash as a free thing. because you're
open to all the things you started out against.
We didn't see the necessity to become an ego
tripping God. surrounded by an entourage of
yes-men." "' ' -

Jones and Strummer were the songwriting
core of the Clash. which leaves speculation as
to the direction that the Clash's _music will
take. “We've got this feeling that we want to
strip It back down. All we take on the road are
guitars. drums.and shouting." Strummer
asserted. “and if that isn't good enough. they
why are we only just bringing that. So i wanna
record with that and see if it's still something

continued on 8a

.

 

      

 

 

