 

 

  

 

he SUNY Albany theatre season is?

back (with a vengeance) as the Eu-

: mienides (or, The Furies), the third

‘ play of Aeschylus' timeless dramatic

trilogy, the Oresteia, opens October 19 at

the main theater of the University Perfor-
ming Arts Center.

Mark Latino

 

 

Director Constance Valis-Hill doesn’tI

buy the notion that SUNYA students will
be "turned off" by this classical produc-
tion.The bouyant seven year member of'
the University Theater faculty expects the
Eumenides (you-men-uh-dees) will
generate an avid interest from a curious
student body. "This is a rare opportunity
for students to see the spectacle come to
life, rather than just reading the words on
the printed page.” Moreover, as Valis-Hill
emphasizes, though the play is ancient, its
themes (revenge, for example) are timeless
and bear significance to today's audience.
The Eumenides represents somewhat of
a departure from the "typical" Greek
tragedy (actually, scholars have not yet
been able to develop an exact definition
for this classical genre), for it marks an en-
ding to the ancient Greek'legend of the
bloody house of Atreus. A Greek society,
once terrorized by violent moral chaos,
adopts a more rational, humane order as
Orestes is freed from the pursuit of the
Furies, who are the vengeful spirits of
Clytaemestra, Orestes mother. Orestes kill-
ed her to avenge the murder of Agamem-
non, his father. in this” story the goddess
Athene clears Orestes of guilt and appeases
the Furies, who are subsequently
transformed into fertility goddesses, the
Eumenides ("Kindly Ones").
r Valis-Hill characterizes the Eumenides
production "a pleasure for the eyes... A
larger than life spectacle with a stylized

  

 

 

visual look.”

Constance Valis«Hill, well-known to the
Capital District, as a ancer,
choreographer, and mime, selected the
Eumenides for several reasons. She was
compelled by the challenge of
choreographing three choral groups: the
Furies, Athenian Women, and the

" mo” my.

ning At The

 
   

Euminldes. The dance that she found par
ticularly challenging was "0' Mother
Night”. More importantly, she wanted to
incorporate her theatre main stage offering
with the in-depth study of Greek Classical
theatre in her classes. "Students will gain an
understanding and appreciation of this im-
portant trilogy.”

RPI—UPAC CONCERT BO

PRESENTS:

 

 

   

LICKODEI’ ll

1

For this production, characterized as a
synthesis of the old and new, Aeschylus’
themes will be expressrrd in a union of
movement, music and text, using the
Richard Lattimore translation.

Valis-Hill, inspired by traditional Greek,
Hungarian, and Macedonian folk music
and dance, collaborated with David
lanower, choral director of the University
Department, and percussionist Richard
Albain on the musical score. Robert Don.
nelly designed the set and Linda Salsbury
created the costumes for this production.
Both are department theatre members. The
masks, truly gruesome and effective per-
sonifications of the vengeful Furies’ raw
emotions : anger, pain, grief, and fear,
were designed by Donna Muir, costumer
of the Department of Theatre. Prominent
members of the large cast include : )ohn
Fox (Orestes), Catherine Bulger (Electra),
Lori Healy (Apollo), Steve Hart (Hermes),
M. Susan Peck (Ghost of Clytaemestra),
Leslie May (Athene), and the twalve furies
(Maureen-A. cBrophy, Kathleen Donohue,
Tina Krlmmer, Marcelle Langan, Leesa
Markbriter, Elizabeth M. Mazon, ‘Maria
Memole, Angela O'Neal, Michaela Rielly,
Karen Sherman, Rebecca Weitman, and
Ginger Williams... whew.)

50, write Eumenides, 8pm, Performing
Arts Center under any of these dates on
your calender of important events : Friday
and Saturday, October 19 and 20, and the
following Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
The admission fees, $6 general admission
and $4 student-senior citizen , are a steal.
They afford the avid, or "once a year"
theatre goer the opportunity to see poetic
drama, the excitement and vivid imagery
of which is, thus far, unsurpassed by any of
the more modern forms of theatre. Tor fur-
ther information, contact Alton ’McCloud,
at the PAC, 457-8603.

 

t

‘ [CVNDILr-Iupekj

 

 

 

m

.iW-W.
m-

) a u I Iran-LII

 
 

 

[15.145-

   
  

 
    

   
   
   
   
    
  
   
 
  

'rlz

t

Intelligence

 _I like A; AnUl Gu ‘ Part 11

and the Ugly Guy .

By Jim Lolly

hroughout recorded time, the Ugly
Guy and the Intelligent guy have
been inexorably linked in the
inds of many. This fusion has produced
' uch well-known social types as the Nerd,
he’Geek, the Spaz, and the everpopular
ombat. While it is obviously untrue and
lscriminatory to claim that facial
deousness equals mental prowess, it is
omforting to think that when the Lord
. , in His infinite wisdom, decides to
eate a face that we less high-minded be-
;* might term a "two-bagger," he packs
e inside of the face with a little extra
rains to help the poor bugger (bagger'i)

ope-

Certainly there are examples enough in
ecent history to make this attractive
heory plausible. Albert Einstein, for exam«

5,. practically proves my case all by

I imself.
There are, however, differing interpreta-
tions as to the cause of this phenomenon;

more specifically, why God (or whoever's

doing this to us) planned it exactly that
Way. lzwald ("Warty") Kostock of
Princeton University, noted Geek and na-
tionally lauded Ugly Guy, has said in his
famous monologue, "Uglincss and Virgini-
ty: Is There A Connection?" that the ra.
tionale for creating intelligent ugly guys is
a purely unpleasant one.

“The intelligent Ugly Guy," Kostock

‘ states,"carries a special burden. He's ugly.

And he’s too smart not to know it."
This unappetizing theory would appear

 

 

' true, for while the ugly guy with the dull.
to«average mentality might have enough of
an ego to force himself to believe
statements like, "l'm sorry, but l have to
stay home Friday night to bathe my
anaconda," the more savvy ugly guy
would have trouble accepting this as truth.

Other authorities have reacted with
scam to Kostock’s theory, however. An-
drew (Buck) Courtney of Oxford Universi~
ty (Squash, Crew, '68) has countered "Aw,
he’s ugly and his mother dresses him fun-
ny," a statement which, of course, can’t
really be a ued. However, Kostock claims
this has n bearing.

ln either case, though, it's obvious that
intelligent ugly guys have an added strain.

And very small egos.

Next: Tales Of The Ugly Guy!

 

 

 

it We’re the lntruding Dudes: two dynamic, sensitive young men, who
feel that students here at SUNYA do not get an opportunity to state

their beef. As responsible ioumalists, we hope to bring to light many -

major issues that confront this university today.

Very recently, a certain writer, in a certain magazine, stated that this college
has the least campus spirit in the nation (USA). We decided to find out for
ourselves first-hand what the students thought. So, this week we asked

students:

"What does campus spirit mean to you?”

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
   

 

 
 
 
 
     

  

B: What] Is
A: No.

B: The answer.
A: No kidding?

earth,’ planet earth.

B: l exist don’t I?

 

A: What?l

B: Reﬂection or reality?
A: Abstruse or abstract

B: Perhaps.

A: Perhaps not.
B: Not too difﬁcult,
what you are not.

Dialogue, An Exercise In Annoyanc

the": it

B: E-im'c-z , 9.8m/sec, ground, so 1 Quiz

 

  

a

A: You know, you’re impossible.

A: Oh so it’s ambiguity...
B: Some existances are ambiguous. Itkisﬁ V
law of mirror and glass. e

   
 
 
 
    

A: Double negatives are child’s play. You
ought to try to get down to the black and

white of things.
8: Contrast yourself!

A: Only if you bare the skin of your soul

to the devil.
B: Frightened?

' : No, just thoroughly aware of my own
victions unlike simpler souls who rest

 

p crystal lattice of foundation.

  

"I’m damn proud of this school. I was
just reading in this magazine how SUNY
Albany has the most apathy of any college
in this country. I mean, I'm not sure what
apathy is, but I think it’spretty terrific that
we’ve got the most right here at Albany. "
Scrm W. (Alumni)

"It means loyalty and appreciation for
one's university. It means sharing and tak-
ing part in school activities. But most of all,
it means getting the right rear window
sticker for your car. "

Jerry C. (Commuter) ,

"We've got spirit, yes we do, we've got
spirit, how 'bout you?! Say, where can I
pick up the issue that'll have my name in
it?"

Monica C. (Dutch)

 

hour

 

 

 

 

"Well, I’ve never seen it myself, but I’m
sure if there is a ghost on campus, it isn’t
mean. It's never bothered any of my
friends. It’s probably just trying to get into
the business school like everybody else."
Phil M. (State)

"Well, I'm not sure about that, not bein'
a student and all, but I think the kids are
terrific the way they leave those cans

- around after the football games for us to

pick u 
Wilbur T. (Non-student)

"Campus spirit to me is knowing who
the SA. President is. Uh...By the
way...Uh...Who is...?"

Steve G. (Dutch)

"Camp Uh-Spirit? Where's that? Canada?
It sounds like a great place. Say, you guys
ever been to Dippikill?"
Robert L. (Indian)

 

 

 

 

 

"Campus spirit is sitting through three

lalr periods without falling asleep.

Wait, um, I guess campus spirit doesn’t
exist.
(person attempting to be funny for the
ASP)

1/

by Jason Grossman and David Wertheim

 

 

 

 

 

Philobolus At Proctor’s;
A Visual Experience

T onight, the dance troupe Philobolus leaps and crawls onto the stage at

Proctor’s theatre in Schenectady.

Originating from the dance studios at

Dartmouth over ten years ago, this group has created its own niche im

the dance world. they mix modern

dance with a spatial representation of

primordial themes. They have been described as kinetic sculpture, performing

to a varied range of music.
To see Philobolus, is to understand

why Newsweek has hailed them as

Dance’s Marx Brothers and Houdini rolled into one. They move across the
stage in jumps and leaps akin to gymnastics, yet blend the grace and beauty of
classical modern. The dancers have the ability to mold their in such a way as to
negate the theory of physics, as they balance upon one another and inch across
the stage - the next instant, splitting apart in an acrobatic explosion, You'll be
entertained as well as intrigued by the unexpected transformations from erotic
themes to pure comedy as they take you through the evening.

lt is a dance event not to be missed and will be long remembered. Especially
for students, Proctor’s Theatre has a special 50 percent discount off all tickets,
when you arrive an hour before the performance, which begins at 8:00pm.

—by Rina Young

  
  
  

 

