‘ .

 ..t-.21ALa‘Atfvyswbetvteacss :3 mm my 4.1234

 

'3 ‘. however. the vote'Is “a tremendous blow" to

Warldwide .
Popoprayslorvlcttms

Seoul. South Korea

(AP) As the jet ﬂying him ‘on an I I-day visit

to Asia followed part of the route of Korean

Air Lines ﬂight 007. Pope John Paul II gave

. an ln-flight prayer Thursday for the 269 peo-‘

ple who died when a Soviet warplane downed
the jumbo Jet Sept. I.

The 269 people died after a Soviet fighter

pilot shot down the plane after it strayed into

Russian air space over several classified

 

 

 

military installations. ‘
Currently. relatives of the vlctitns are suing
the Soviets. the United States. Boeing Aero'

Space. which built the jet. and Korean Air .

Lines for damages.

Campaigning closes

San Salvador. El Salvador
(AP) Campaigning for Sunday's electiott
draws to a close as a vice presidetttinl catt-
didate for the rightist party calls for tire
removal of the U.S. antbassador here after
reading a letter frotn U.S. Sen. .lesse llclnts.
Meanwhile. members of [1.5. (‘ongress
haveJheir eyes on the run-off presidential
electiott in [El Salvador as they prepare to
decide on the future of tuilitaty aid to the
belengttrcd Cctttral American country.

Bingo fraud charged

I'ttrmtlu. ('rlitur/tt
(AP) A Buffalo. NY. woman was gitcu free
bingo cards on the orders of Welland Mayor
Eugene Stranng wltilc other players lined up
to buy theirs. two higlt scltool students told a
cottnty court jury Wednesday.

The students said tltey didn‘t feel tight
about giving away tlte I'ree cards under the
eyes of other players bttt were ordered to do
so by Stranges. who operated bittgos for two
charities.

Stranges is charged with two counts of
fraud over $200 and two counts of theft over
5200 in cottnection with alleged bingo ir-
regularities in Welland attd l-'ot't l-.ric during
I982 and [983.

The two stttdcttts worked at tltc lort l tic
bingo hall. selling cards and doing other iohs.

Nationwideij

Acid rain plan loses

lf‘usltineimt. l).(‘.

(Al’) Environmental lobbyists say they‘re

disappointed by a ilousc sttbcottuuittcc true

to kill a proposed acid rain control program.

bttt are not ready to cottcede defeat on the
issue.

The chairman of the subcotntttittee says.

 

 

chances that Congress will enact air pollution»
legislation this year. ,
The House Energy and Commerce sub-
. committee on health and the environment
voted I0-9 on Wednesday to delete the acid
rain program from a bill extending the Clean
Air Act. .

“We‘re not giving up.” declared David G.
Hawkins ol‘ the National Air Coalition. call-
ing the subcommittee vote “short-sighted

‘ and selfish.”

Augusta mayor qults

Angus/tr. Georgia

(AP Edward McIntyre. Augusta‘s first black:
mayor. resigned Thursday .in the wake of hit-

 

 

May in Albany

 

 

I

conviction on federal extortion charges last

weekend.. , t _ -. V.
McIntyre told a new conference in City

Council chambers that his resignation would .

be effective immediately. He said he believed
the action was In the best interests of the city.

The City Council will appoint one of its
members to succeed McIntyre until a new
mayor is elected. On Wenesday. a majortty
of the council members said they planned to
vote for Councilman Charles A. DeVaney.

McIntyre. 52. will be sentenced June 4 for
his conviction Saturday on charges of using
his position to extort money from would-be
land developers for help in securing city
owned riverfront property. He faces a max
imum sentence of 60 years in prison and
fine of $30.“.

 

 

 

 

 

§_Staie'wide

Students loin cause

Glens Falls

(AP) Some college students here plan to put
together a 3.0w-foot-long submarine sand-
wich this weekend as part of a fund-raiser for
an infant‘who needs a liver transplant.

Students at AdirondaCk Commttnity Col-
lege are calling it "Joey's Hero Sandwich."
named for I'l-month-old .loey Miltalck. of
Greenfield Center. He's near the top or u..-
list for a liver transplant. at the University of
Minnesota Hospitals in Minneapolis.

Students have been selling coupons for a
price of the sandwich to local businesses, at
$60 per 6-foot section. They plan to put tltc
sandwich together on Saturday. at the college
campus here.

 

 

 

 

Crash victim sues

S l'l'ilt'll \t‘
(AP) A suburban DeWitt tnatt burned itt tltc
crash-landing of an ultralight airplane llils t‘il-
ed a $17.5 tuilliott lawsuit against its
manufacturer and distributor.

In the suit. filled Wednesday in ()llttlltlililtl
County Court. lit-year-old L'htistopltct {\lc-
Cltcsney alleges tltat lltc aircraft had know
design flaws of which he was not wanted.

Art ultralight aircraft is' similar to it hang
glider bttt ltas an engine attd a sent into which
tlte pilot is strapped. Pilots ate not reunited
to ltavc a license.

NY betting okayed

(AP) Gov. Mario (‘uomo 'l‘hursday signed
legislation which will allow New Yotkcts to
bet on Saturday's Kentucky Detby at state
OTli parlors attd at the state‘s thoroughbtcd
race tracks.

The tueasure will also allow betting this
year at New York's thorottgltbrcd tracks on
the Prcakucss or Breeders (“up races cott-
duclcd itt other states as long as a regional
()Tli has decided to accept bets on the t.tccs.

The authori/ation for suelt betting will c\-
pirc on Dec. 3i. In his approval tttcssagc.
Cuomo noted that New York rcsidcttts ll.t\L'
been unable to bet. within New York. on the
Kettlttcky Derby since Will).

7 ' PSC to cut costs

. l/lltlll r

'(AP) in an effort to szuc millions ot dollar.

in paytttcnts to contractors. tttc state Public
Service Commission wants local gotct IlIIlt.‘llls
attd tttility companies to work togctltet in
planning pttblic improvement ptojccts.

The PSC said Wednesday that the L'tlsls ttt‘
relocating utility littcs for mitticipttl ptntvrh
— such as water. sewer and street t'chuildtng
— amounted to about $70 tttilliott statewide
in I982 attd are expected to reach $105
million by I985.

 

 

FRIDA Y' MAY ‘. I984 D A LDANYVSTUDENT PRESS 

Students file claims against SUN YA administration
to recoup losses after burglaries In dorms over break _ .

By Allcla Clmbora .

EDITORIAL ass/sum

The Student Association has filed noties of
claim against the University In response to
alleged dorm room burglaries during winter
lntersesion. SA President Rich Schaft‘er said
Thursday.

SA filed the claims on behalf of five
SUNYA students. who's rooms were
burglarized over winter break. said Schaf fer.

The notlcs of claim. which were submitted
to the Attorney General of New York on

. April I7. are asking for reimbursement ofthe

value of the stolen property. which totals
$2.200. as well as the cost of a dorm room for
one semester. which Is about 5700. said SA
attorney Mark Mishler.

Mishler said he feels that one of the things
students should expect when they pay for a
dorm room is protection against theft and
therefore they are entitled to the money being
requested.

The nodes of claim are the first step in fil-
ing a lawsuit. Students are awaiting a
response from the SUNYA administration.
At that time. they will decide wltcthcr to pur-
sue the case further.

The thefts. which occurred on Dutch and

’Colonial Quads. involved items such, as

stereo equipment. a refrigerator. a toaster
oven. a Commodore 64 computer and a
camera, according to Mishler.

An investigation into the burglaries was

'conducted by the University Police Depart-

ment (UPD) and the Department of Public
Safety after the thefts were ..“ ‘
students when they returned in January. but
Schaffer said. he was “not‘satisfied with the

. response from UPD."

Schaffer said he feels the matter hasn't
been given adequate attention and that he
supports the students "wholeheartedly" in
their claim.

Mishler said that “one way or another. it
seems these incidences are a result of
negligence by the University. It seems clear
that the University is liable."

Mishler explained that since a notice of
claim is not the same as an actual law suit. the
University does not have to respond. "They
can ignore it or try to work with us." he said.
“We would prefer to resolve this without a
suit,“ he added.

No sign of forced entry was reported by
UPD and. according to Mishler. the break-

lns could have been the result of negligence in
the policy for access to keys or improper
supervision of employees. “We don't know
what happened." said Mishler.

Schaffer said there is a list kept of who has
keys to the dorms. but no one was able to -
pinpoint any one person since there were
many people. such as maintenance workers. .

s and " hall staff who had '
access during the break.

Schaffer reported that SA is currently
working with Vice President of Student Af-
fairs Frapk Pogue to implement a tighter key
policy. “We’re'trying to set up a schedule."
said Schaffer. “so we'll know who has what
keys at what time."

Ed Trapani. one of the burglary victims.
said that he and his suitemates. who were also
burglarized. want to let the university know
that “we‘re a little teed off. We locked our
doors and they didn't stay locked." When
asked if he plans to sue the University if they
fail to respond to the notice of claim.
Trapani said that he is “not too sure."

In order to file suit against the State of
New York it must be done within two years
of the incident. according to state law.

 

 

 

so- aoucv era
Mark Mishler

"the university is liable. "

No recovery of the stolen'property has
been made by UPD. Director of Public Safe-
ty .litn Williams said the investigation has
come to a "screeching halt'I because of a
lack of information.

Williams urged any students with any in-
formation regarding these burglaries to con-
tact the University Police or the Department
of Public Safety. ~ El

Communications degree rated among the best

vising. attd Joseph Woelfcl received

B Bette Dzamba
smrF ll‘RITER

SUNYA‘s Master of arts degree
program itt cottttnttnieatiott is one
of the top four itt the United States.
according to a study pttblisltcd in
the January issue of Communica-
tion Etltieu/iml. Among 33 similar
progratns iii the eastern United
States. the program at Albany
received the highest ratittg.

The high rating came ottt of a
study cottdttcted by Deborah A.
Roach of the University of
Oklahoma and Larry l.. Barker of
Auburn University. The two asked
a random sample of Speech Corn-
munication Association members
and the regional association
members to rate the departments on
rt scale from I (distinguished) to 6
(insufficient for master's training).

According to the article in Cont-
mtinicuiion Education. SUNYA‘s
department was one of four depart-
ments to receive a rating of between
l.() and 2.5. Of the I79 departments

Auletta submits ‘Safe House’ plan

By Kelley Burke

ranked. only Auburn University.
Memphis State University. and
Wake Forest University received
similar ratings.

Katltlcen Kendall. Department
Chair said. "We were delighted
with the rating. especially because
we didn't even know the evaluation
was being done. so it came as a sur-
prise."

“The dcpartmcttt faculty is ex-
tremely active in the field so the
rating is clearly justified." said
Kendall. She said that tltrec faculty
have ltad papers selected in the top
three of four nationally.

The

“Five faculty tncmbers will prc»
settt cotttpetitively selected papers at'
the international Communication
Association Convention in San
Francisco, in May. said Kcttdall.
adding. “Three people have gottctt
university awards for excellence."
Donald Cushman received an ev-
ccllettce award for teaching.
William Gudgkunst got one for ad-

wltenevcr they feel they are in danger.

one for research. site said.
department is
students. Kendall notes. “The word
is ottt about our M.A. program;

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

Free listings

The fourth annual MOCK SES-
SION will be held on May 8 in
the Assembly chamber. The
event ls being sponsored by
the .Assembly Intern Commlt-
too. There will be a reception
Immediately following the
speakers.

A Regional Public hearing will
be conducted by the SUNY
Board of Trustees on May 8 at
the College Center In
Herklmer. N.Y. from 1:30' to
3:30 pm. The purpose of the
hearing will be to receive
testimony and statements
from concerned tndlvtduats
about university-wide issues.

Schuyler Manalon'a third an-

 

 

nual Springlast will be held on
Saturday, May 5. from 11-4
pm. at the Schuyler Mansion.
Catherine Street. Albany. En-
]oy life and drum music. see
Colonlat crafts In the maklng
and hear the roar of muskets
flrlng, all free of charge.

The Albany Public Library. 161
Washington Avenue. wlll pre-
sent the famlly film OLIVER on
Sunday. May 6 at 1:00 pm. Ao-
mlsston Is free.

The final day to see “Personal
Icons," an axlbtt of the pain-
tings of Ed McCartan. wllt be
today. The exlblt can be seen
In the Chapel and Cultural
Center at RPI. 2125 Burdelt
Avenue. Troy. It will be open

The Marcy Domestic Violence
Services wIII conduct a sup-
port group for victims of
domestic violence each
Wednesday at 12 St. Joseph
Terrace In Albany. For more In-
formation call 4343531.

The 10th Antiquarian Book
Fair will be held on Saturday.
May 5 from 10 am. to 5 pm. II
will be sponsored by the
Albany Institute of History and
Art. The Book lalr will be held
on 125 Washington Avenue.
Albany. Admission ls $2.

The first annual “Palestine
Cultural nght" wltl be held on
Saturday. May 5. 1984 at 7:30
p.m.. tn the HIbernIan Hall, 91
Quail Street, Albany. It Is he

fee for Palestinian Rights.

Tickets are $6.00.

The Community Helpline and
Crisis Center Is offering a
tralning sequence for
volunteers starting May 8th.

Volunteers are trained to pro- .

vtde supportive counsetlng
and crlsls services. For more
Inlormatlon call 462-5900.

A Free Film Festival at the
Sheraton Airport Inn. 200 Wolf
Road. Colonle. NY. thI be
held on Saturday. May 5 from
9-11 am. Films Include “One
Good Turn," and “Poverty
Trap."

The Political Science Depart
ment will host a party honor-
tng Professor Peter Cocks on
Sunday. May 6. The event will

beheld at the GSPA Contact
Office (located between the
Library and the Business
buttdlng) from 1-5 pm.

Paul Welnman will read from
his recently publlshed poetry
chapbook GATHERING FISH.
at 12:15 pm. Tuesday, May 8.
In the main Albany Public
Library. 161 Washington
Avenune. Free coffee will be
provided by the friends of the
library starting at noon.

Good Mentrat Health vs.
Stresswltt be the subject of a
performance by the Mental
Health Players of the Capital
District Psychiatric Center to
be held at 7:00 pm. on May
14th at SUNYA‘s Middle Earth
Counseling Center.

 

, from 9:00 a.m.. to 9:00 pm.

ing sponsored by the Commit-

 

A proposal to establish "Safe Houses" in
downtown Albany is now in the band‘s of
SUNYA's Vice President for Student Affairs
Frank Pogue.

A “Safe House." according to Student
Association Vice President Suzy Auletta. is a
home where residents have been specially
trained for crisis situations. People walking
alone can go into any “Safe House".

 

 

in the event of a serious problem. safe
house residents would make calls to local
police. a crisis center. or friends of the en-
dangered person.

“I am in total support of'nny program that
is designed to guarantee safety to men and
women...." said Pogue, “but as to the merit.
l,will need to have input from the ap-
propriate people."

 

 

Suzy Auletta
The program will increase safety.

RACHEL LITWlN UPS

attracting

political

 

Kathleen Kendall
"Ilte ruling i.\' cmnplelelt'justiﬁed. "

"I am consulting with my staff and I am
setting up meetings with members of the
(Safe House) Task Force.“ he said. adding
that he hopes to make a specific recommen-
dation “quite soon." ‘

Director of the Off-Campus Housing 0f-
ficc and task force tnetnber Karlcen Karlson

explained. "As rccommettded by the pro—V

posal. a decal would be placed on an easily
visible window pane. Let's say a woman has
car trouble and my house was a “safe
house." she would come to my door and I
would ask what's tlte problem? I don't have
to let her in but I can talk to her through the
door and make a phone call for her to her
parents. AAA. police or a cab."

“The committmcnt as a Safe House." she
said. "would be to provide assistance of
some kind. the minimal would be to make a
phone call."

SA Vice President and Safe House Task
Force Chair Suzy Auletta said. “Ottr goal is
two fold. We want to make the streets safer
for woman and to enhance the relations bet-
ween the Albany community and the Univer-
sity."

Auletta has been planning the proposal
since July and has been in contact with
Manoog Hadeshlan. the coordinator of the
Buffalo Safe House Program. which served

' as a model for SUNYA's proposal.

Auletta said she has requested $600 from
University Auxiliary Services programming
budget to help the project get started.

this year the ntttubcr of applicants

has more than doubled.“ she said.

The department. explained Ken»
dall. offers three different I‘ocusses:
communication.

ittterpersonal-intercultural com-
munication. and “a growing cm-
phasis" on telecommunication.

Kendall said site sees an even
greater future for the department.
“The graduate program will con-
tintte to grow. That will aid the
department‘s research and teaching
efforts as well as send out more
people trained to meet society‘s
communication needs." predicted
Kendall.

The ranking scents to be helping
the departments growth. Kendall
said. “The department feels confi-
dent the university rccognizcs the
significance of the field.“ site said.
One of the three faculty positions
cut iii the 1982-83 SUNY budget has
been restored. A second restoration
is expected iii the full. site noted.

“This growth sould nccclcralc to
pcrtttit us to play the itttportant
research and teaching roles
needed," said Kcttdall.

 

for approval

Another $700 is being sought. .she said.
noting that site wasn‘t sttrc where she‘ll find
the funds.

The money will he used to pay for window
decals. posters. office sttpplies. and
“possibly a coordinator stipend.“ Auletta
said.

Auletta said that money from L'AS's pro-
gramming budget was often used for campus‘
related but non-UAS aetititics. "i talked to
the programming chairperson. and lie scent-
ed very supportive." she said.

The pilot program is intended to increase
the safety of the Pine Hills area. also known
as the “student ghetto." According to
Karlson. approximately I.000 to l.5fX)
students live there. The pilot program would
cover the area between Main Avenue and
North Lake Avenue and from Madison _
Avenue to Washington Avenue.

“To begin the project we would like to
have at least [50 participating homes." said
Auletta. adding that after the program is put
into place she would like to see at least one
safe house on every block. A

The Safe House Task Force has proposed
that a seven member Board of Directors or a
steering committee should be formed.
Selected members representing groups such
as SUNYA Public Safety. Pine Hills
neighborhood Association. Albany County
Rape Crisis Center. SUNYA Student Affairs
Division, SUNYA President's Task Force on
Women's Safety and Middle Earth could be -

12>

 

 

   

