 

 

 

 

PUBLISHED AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY or NEW YORK AT ALBANY av THE ALBANY STUDENT mass CORPORATION

-.._-.r v.

,Tuesday‘”

.N

W‘ «ﬁlm-“-v)... .n.’ w--_. C. ,

- “W4-” ~

- .ﬂ’kww

 .,-. 4....

SEPTEMBER 14. 1984

 Danes beatlthaca 10-6, but Milano out. for year

By Marc Barman
Spouse-puck ;

Mik'e Milano will not be taking
anymore snaps from center Pat Mc-
Cullough this season. He will not be
the one called on to scramble
through opponents‘ defensive lines
or will he be tlte one throwing
aerials at a 60 percertt completion
ratio as he did in the opener against
lthaca last Saturday. If there is to
be a resurrection of the' Albany
State football program this season,
it will have to be without the ser-

. vices of their junior quarterback
from Huntingto .l.ong island.

As the old ada 'e goes. One will‘
sometimes win the battle. but lose
the war. Perhaps that is what hap-
pened to the Danes in their opening
game victory on Saturday.

The Great Danes. vying to erase
the haunting memories of the past
season. took it step towards that
goal when they beat lthaca College
iii-6. But at the same time they took
it giant stride iii the wrong direction
when it was announced that Milano
would he lost for the season with a
broken fibula he suffered early in
the fourth quarter.

“i guess you could say it was a
bittersweet victory,“ said Head

Coach Bob Ford. “it's definitely a
major loss for us. Any time a team
loses its starting quarterback its a
major blow." '

The "blow" came three minutes
into the fourth quarter with the
Danes clinging to a 10-6 advantage.
Milano went left on an option and
was greeted by two-time All-
American nosetackle Bill Sheerin
behind the line of scrimmage. Off-
balance, Sheerin brought Milano
down by grasping his ankle.

in Milano’s words, "He got hold
of my ankle and he jerked it. I felt
my ankle go snap."

. we

 

08 Mike Milano being chased by All-American Bill-Sheer
season on a diving tackle In the lourth quarter.

Both players wereunable to leave
University Field on their own.
Sheerin was helped to the sidelines
by teammates while Milano was
carried off on a motorized cart.

inserted into the game was se-V

cond string quarterback Anthony
Nozzi (see Nozzi page 27). who per-
formed capably in the final 12
minutes of the contest to preserve
Albany's victory.

Nozzi, a sophomore from Pen-
field, Rochester. who started every
game for junior varsity last season.
is now the starter for tomorrow’s
afternoon game at New Haven. it
will mark Nozzi’s first start 'in a col-
lege varsity game. ~

While the Dane quarterback
situation is a bit unsettling. there is
nothing shaky about the rest of the

LUCKEV UPS

in. Sheerin knocked Milano out tor the

traordinary against lthaca, allow-
ing only one touchdown. The
Danes' defense made the Bombers
offense resemble one of the
automobiles from “Rent-a-Wreck”
— stalling before ever getting
started. '

Even the Bombers' touchdown
didn't show that they could move
the ball on a consistent basis. 0n

squad. The defensive play was ex- I third and one and the Danes in a

short-yardage formation, quarter-
back Steve Kass bolted left on an
option and outsprinted the surpris-
ed Albany defense. Besides that one
lapse. the Dane defensive play was
ﬂawless.

“The front six of the defense was
just awesome." exclaimed Ford,
referring to the four downlinemcn
and two linebackers. “it was the
best I've seen them play. i've never
seen such a domination of the line
of scrimmage."

Bombers' Head Coach Jim But-
terfield thought the Albany
domination was more widespread.
“They were completely dominant.
They controlled everything. the
defense, the offense. The only thing
we were superior was maybe the
kicking game.”

Though the Danes' offense
managed just one touchdown, they
were able to march down the field
consistently mainly due to the effec-
tiveness of the ground game. With
running back Dana Melvin paving
the way by dishing out punishing
blocks, sophomore halfback Cesar
Revano ran rampant on the outside
picking up 79 yards in just l3
carries.

ironically, Albany‘s lone
touchdown came on a 2-yard drive,
but it was set up by a drive much
longer. 0n the Danes’ third drive of
the season, Milano guided the
squad 94 yards from their own
4-yard line to the lthaca two. But
the Bombers' goal-line defense pro-
ved superior to the Danes' goal-line
offense as they failed to put it in on
four tries.

lthaca took over. but their execu:
tion seemed rusty from the extra-
long rest on the bench. On the se-
cond play, they failed to execute a
handoff and defensive end Dennis

26>

Albany netmen thrashed in opener by A

By Dean Chang
Assocm TE SPDR rs corms

Before the fall season had started for the
Albany State men's tennis team, Head Coach
Bob Lewis knew that this year's team was not
as talented as in other years. if Wednesday's
8-1 defeat to West Point is an indication of
things to come. the Danes might .ﬁnd it dif-
ficultto repeat as SUNYAC champions for
the sixth straight year. '

To the Danes' defense. Army had been
playing together since July and had already
played in a tournament this year. And the
match was closer than the score implies. -

Men booters triumph. 3-0.1. .

Nevertheless, a loss is never a good way to
start a season.

“We played fairly well for our ﬁrst
match." said Lewis. “The matches were
close, but we just didn't win the big points."

Albany lost their top two players from last
year to graduation. Former co-captains Dave
Ulrich and Rob Karen left a void that wasn't
filled by this year's recruits. As a result. the
returning players moved up a few notches.

David Grossman, who played fourth singles
last year. will play at first flight. He faced .

Army's Ted Wilson, one of the top players in
l

The Albany State men's soccer team _won their season opener over the Oswego Lakers,

3-0 on University Field Wednesday.

Albany opened up the scoring when Francisco Duarte crossed the ball over to Tihan
Presbie who passed it to Michael Jasmin in the middle of the field and shot it past the
Oswego netminder about 10 minutes into the contest. ‘

The second goal was made possible when Jerry isaacs passed the ball to Presbie on the
left side of the field. who then dribbled toward the net, drawing the goalie out with him.
Presbie faked a shot causing the goaltender to overreact: he went past him and scored on a
left footed shot to account for the Danes’ second tally thirty minutes into the game.

the third goal for Albany came on a penalty kick by sweeper Jeffrey Hackett. The Danes
were awarded the penalty shot when Presbie drove past the goaltender again. in his at-
tempt to stop Presbie from scoring again, the uetminder tackled him, resulting in the

penalty.

Recording the shutout for Albany was freshman goaltender Howard Tiger.
Duane noted that this year's Albany squad was a much tighter unit than last year's.
“The whole‘ team was hungry to win." said Duarte. “We will deﬁnitely try to remain

that way for the rest of the year."

 

4mm Marder 4

 

 

the East, and lost in a tough match. 6-3, 6—4.

At second singles, Tom Schmitz retains the
position he held for most of last year.
Schmitz lost to Scott Poitier, 7-6, 6-2. At

number three singles, Jay Eisenberg took ‘

Army's John Lawson to three sets before los-
ing, 4-6. 6-4, 6-3.

Eisenberg flip-flopped with Mike Derman-
sky last year at fifth and sixth singles; Der-
mansky has taken over the chores at fourth
flight. He was defeated by Todd Ramsey.
6-4, 6-i. The lone senior on the squad is
Mark Sanders. who lost at sixth singles to
Greg Schuliger, 6-4, 6-3.

‘ Dermansky and Sanders have to achieve
more consistency," said Lewis. “At times
they're'very good. but in the same match
they can be very bad. They are going to have
to steady their games through a little better
thinking." '

Playing fifth singles is Mitch Gerber, who
won three challenge matches to reach fifth
ﬂight. Coach Lewis feels that Gerber is the
most improved player on the team. but that
he lacks confidence in his game.

"Gerber is not an experienced player,"
said Lewis. “He has to play more positively
to win. He has unlimited potential; he can be
as good as he wants to be." Gerber fell to
Fred Krawchuk, 6-4. 6-4.

Last year's number one doubles team of
Ulrich and Grossman went to the Nationals
in the spring, leaving a tough—act to follow.
Grossman paired up with Schmitz and ex;
tended West Point’s Wilson and Poirier to
three tough sets before falling, 5-7, 6—4. 7-6.

Albany's number two doubles tema of
Eiseaberg and Dermanlky lost to Krawchuk

‘ ‘ ' ‘27.

 

 

[Itch "llﬂlL UPS

Dave, Ora-omen lollows through on a

 

’ September 18, 1984-"

NUMBER 26‘

 

 

Professor Cohen and Isaac Bachele Singer

SUN YA prof working on
off-Broadway play with
Isaac Bashevis Singer

By Lisa Mirabella

SUNYA English Professor Sarah Blacker Cohen and Nobel Prize
Winner isaac Bashevis Singer have pooled their literary talents to
produce Shlemiel the First, a play slated to open off-Broadway next
month. The play, Cohen said. is a “children's comedy for adults
which burlesques the serious concerns of Singer’s spiritual dramas."
it combines two of Singer's short stories and is scheduled to run for
five weeks beginning October 13 at the Jewish Repertory Theatre in
New York City.

Cohen will be attending to rehearsals during the next two weeks.

"‘to see if there are any changes to be made.” During an interview at

her Albany home, Cohen admitted, smiling; "it’s too much fun to be
work."

She said she met Singer during a visit with her brother in Miami
Beach in the winter of l980. :‘l didn’t know anyone except my
brother,” she explained. “so i just called him (Singer) because his
number was listed."

At that time, Cohen was writing an essay on Singer's work for her
book From Hester Street to Hollywood: The Jewish American Stage
and Screen. . .

Their ﬁrst meeting concluded with Cohen, who teaches modern

.dri'ma at SUNYA. reading through some of Singer’s unpublished

scripts and arranging for him to come to SUNYA to team-teach a
course with her that fall.

“Shlemiel the First had a lot of possibilities” Cohen explained, she
proceeded to critique the script, changing structure and dialogue and
embellishing characters for a full-length play. it combines Singer's
Yiddish folklore-style children's stories The Fools of Chclm and
Their History and When Shlemiel Went to Warsaw.

Leaﬁng througfh a scrap-book. which includes pictures of her at
Singer’s Miami home during their ﬁrst meeting and subsequent
photos of them working on the play together in New York, Cohen
described her experiences collaborating with the 80 year old sparkling
blue-eyed story-teller.

“Amazing things would happen, thing that seem fanciful and im-
aginary. and he would just take them in stride," she recalled. Cohen
recounted in time in Miami when they called a librarian to ask for one
of Singer's children's books. and the librarian volunteered to bring
the book and some children over to Singer’s house. “We were work-
ing with all the children gathered around, and it was perfectly natural
to him," Cohen said.

Cohen said she has never allowed herself to partake in what she
considers“the indulgence" of creative writing. “Although” she add-
ed, “now that we have the Writer’s institute it makes it respectable to
do creative writing." She said that she secretly wanted to be an ac-
tress. and is able to live out her wish in classes. which “are captive au-
diences." But. she said. her greatest love is teaching.

Cohen won the 1984 Excellence in Teaching Award at SUNYA.

Cohen said she often writes about serious issues, but with a
humorous touch.

“Jewish humor, as we know it. began in the Mid—nineteenth cen-*

tury from the Yiddish Tradition." she said, citing the Jewish Proverb
“Leid macht auch Lachen." (Sorrows also make for laughter). to ex-
plain the development of this sense of comedy.

“There were many sorrows. poverty and powerlessness, among the
Eastern European Jews and Their descendants. who have gone on..."
to become actors and comedians. she said.

Singer was born in Poland. spending most of his childhood in War-
saw. and coming to America in l935. He writes in Yiddish, which, ac-

17>

Audit criticizes SUNYA infirmary',
but University plans no changes

By Ian Clements
STAFF WRITER

Despite a state audit in July ‘that speciﬁcally
criticized the operation of SUNYA's health clinic,
no changes in services have been made in response
to the report, asserted Associate Vice President for
Health and Counseling Services Neil Brown.

The audit report, issued in July by the Office of
New York State Comptroller Edward Regan, claim-
ed that SUNYA's inﬁrmary. one of the six SUNY
clincs that provides 24 hour care. “duplicated
medical services already available in the communi-
ty,” noting that there are four hospitals “located
within a few miles of the campus."

Brown disagreed with the report's charges of

duplication. arguing that the inﬁrmary provides.

help to students whose medical problems are
serious but not critical enough to warrant treatment
in a hospital emergency room.

Some sports-related injuries, and cases in which a
student has a high temperature or contagious il-
lness, are situations where the inﬁrmary could pro-
vide more appropriate care than hospitals. noted
Brown.

statistics.” ‘
SUNY began to improve its monitoring of stu-

- dent health clinics in i982, two years before the

comptroller’s report was issued, according to
SUNY Vice Chancellor for Research, Graduate
Studies and Professional Programs Norman
Haffner.

In 1982, the SUNY Board of Trustees adopted a
resolution which called for each college with a
health clinic to draw up a plan for operations every
three years, said Haffner. I

According to the official SUNY response to the
audit. “Each plan is to describe the goals. mission,

it?»

,,,.‘. m... .c' .,... J.'. ... ....'.
:fo 545k"? .13‘4‘3. 331% LL;

 

 

The report recommended that “SUNY should
more closely monitor the student health clinic pro-
gram.” The Comptroller’s ofﬁce also faulted the
“patchwork effect among the campus clinics"
which resulted from “SUNY's policy of delegating
to each college the authority to offer whatever
health services it considers appropriate. I

This “patchwork effect" resulted in a cost to tax-
payers of a “sizeable amount," the report stated.

“i took the audit report seriously, but i haven’t
changed anything on the basis of the report." said
Brown who’s been in charge of SUNYA's health
services since last spring. "We’ve defended our
modus operandi to SUNY Central and they have
accepted that. We have taken a critical look at our

services and will continue to do so," he said.

The audit recommended that SUNY should
monitor the student health clinics by “developing
operating standards, routinely reviewing opera-
tions. and collecting and analyzing operating

 

Student Health Center

 

Infirmaries are "cost effective to students"

 

By Michelle Busher
surr warren

While enjoying the security of
a somewhat isolated campus
that even provides an escort ser-
vice at night. it's easy for
SUNYA students to forget the
importance of women's safety.
To keep the campus community
thinking, the President's Task
Force for Women's Safety will
hold Women’s Safety
Awareness Days on Wednes~
day.Thursday. and Friday,
September l9-2i.

“We’re not saying that SUNY
Albany is dangerous," said
coordinator of Women's Safety
Awareness Days- Helene
O’Brien. But. she said, "One
out of three women are raped at
some time in their lives.”
“We're trying to increase peo-
ple's awareness" that these
things are happening, she
explained.

Two issues which will be
discussed for the first time in the
three year history of the
awareness days are violence in
lesbian relationships arid the im-
plications of pornography.

 

Prominent feminist Andrea
Dworkin, who has been involv-
ed in a city council fight to stop
pornography in Minneapolis.
will speak in the Campus Center
Ballroom on Wednesday at
8:00pm. «

Dworkin-has written several
books, including Our Blood and
Women Hating, and has spoken
about women’s issues on the
Phil Donahue Show as well as
60 Minutes.

“The pornography issue is
one that really needs to be
brought out,” said Libby Post a
guest speaker and former
member of the SUNYA Presi»
dent’s Task Force for Women's
Safety. “People don't see the
connection between por-
nography ‘and rape." she
contended. '

Not A Love Story, described
by Post as a hard hitting
documentary on pornography.
will be shown on Thursday at
2:30 pm. in LC 23 and on Fri-
day at 1:30 pm. in LC lit. The
movie which shows clips from
actual pornographic movies.
was banned in Canada.

Women’s Safety Days planned

According to SA media Direc-
tor Stacy Young, some of the
actual movies that these clips are
from have not been banned.
“So the idea you get is that it’s

Io.k. to watch pornography, but

not to criticize it.” she asserted.

Libby Post will lead a discus-
sion on pornography and
Women's Safety, which, she
said, will bring out points
discussed in the movie. She will
also speak on laws that affect
women today. with an emphasis
on the divorce reform laws.
Primal Fear, 3 movie that begins
with a simulation of a woman
being raped, will be shown
Thursday night at 8:30 in the
Campus Center Assembly Hall.
The movie. which was also
shown last year, will be followed
by discussion and support
groups.

“Last year we had a panel,
and women were left
alienated,” said O'Brien. ad-
ding “it's a strong movie and
people really need to talk about

these fears." '
19>

 

 

 

 

 

 

