 

a

 

 

r WHEN: '

 

v..v'~w»-v‘ww’p.yu My...“ , .

 WHERE:

v Co-sponsored by Minority Student Se

“swam-..” . ...

, MlNORIWORRbebMTI
sum GHADUATE‘AND PROF Es m
_ I ~ 'PROGRAMS ‘ESSIONAF
‘ i

‘ WHAiT:~.-

A. workshop designed to inf

I . orm Bl
Hispanic, and other minority aCk’
undergraduates about graduate and pro-

fessional school 0 o t ' ' '
SUNY system. I pp r umtres m the

Ptlagsday, October 30, 1984,- from 10:00 -

Campus Center Assembly Hall

rvices, Graduate Ad-

missions and the SUNY Office for Research, Graduate

Studies and Professional Programs.

 

u. ‘. :Wr. ' ' .‘,‘,,..'».,»,,".";r. ,.

litasubsrujérz‘a nun?

gee andVPan Caribbean
Presents ,
9‘?“ our 3rd Annual is.

HALLOWEEN PARTY

Friday October 26
Indian U-Lounge
from :9 p-m.-2 3111- Free Beer

‘ from

Free Pizza

Prize to be awarded to best
costume

$2.00 with costume
$3.00 Without costume

2 forms of ID.
required

 

 

 

Speakers Forum
, proudly presents....

ANNE

S.A. Funded

 

October 2a, 1a:

 

one so good he pulls in $100,000

8 Eott Muller is 'A'pr'sreoosar‘tmer,

' per hit. He’s also a virgin without a
past, who is about to ruin the idyllic life of
a happily married couple.

 

’ Ian Spelling

Mickey and Ray Davis are the couple
dining the night away at a ritzy restaurant
as Scott invades their home. Once inside,
Scott eyes a huge paining of Mickey. ln-
stantly bedazzted, he proceeds to steal it.
From the master bedroom cabinet Scott
withdraws a lock box.

Within this box reside Mickey's jour-
nals. All her innermost thoughts become
his. All her fantasies are his to realize.
Mickey fears the worst: writing in her
latest journal, “l know he's reading them. t
can feel him turning the pages.” And so he
Is.

it you'are not booked in the first fifteen
minutes of Thief of Hearts you never will
be. Thiefis as slick as it is sleek. Like a well-
oiled machine, the film glides to a triple
twist ending, sure to leave you wondering.

Steven Baruer (Al Pacino's sidekick in
Sc'arﬂtcc) plays Scott to slimey perfection.
He is a selfvmade invention of a woman's
desires. You want Scott to be a better per-
son than his profession allows, but a single
gunshot shatters that illusion for good.
Bauer embodies Scott with an air of
mystery and charm. When he finally steals
the heart he’s after, Scott reverts back to his
humble, streetwise self; not unlike the way
Bauer handled the portrayal of Manny
Rivera at the conclusion of Scarface.

As Mickey, Barbara Williams provides
enjoyment on several levels. Her acting
projects an awkward intensity unusual in a
debut performance. Williams also has
classic beauty; not your conventional sex-
kitten look, but one of elegance, sensuali-
ty, and class.

The only character less than appealing is
Ray Davis. john Gelz’ lackadaisical perfor~
mance and the basic blandness of the Davis
character occasionally extinguish the
sparks Bauer and Williams generate. Getz
neglects to provide a glimmer of personali~

 

 

:_ Thief Can Ste

ty. He moves slowly, talks slowly, and
smiles plastically.

What really motivates thief ofHearts is
the superb cinematography. Director of
photography Andrew Lazlo has tensed a
dark, brooding motion picture; one that is
a visually arresting feast for the eyes.
Darkness pervades much of 'he film and
helps develop interest in the story. Time I:.
given, perhaps too much, to detailing
Scott’s executing a robbery at night. He
drives a black van, wears black gloves, a
black outfit, a black ski mask, and draws
tools from a black bag. The door he breaks
into is black, but through trick lighting the
key hole and door knob appear shiny
silver.

There is a metaphor between darkness

C’est MOi

A time for reflection (reflect; reflect, reflect.)

Midtermpoint.

 

 

 

 

and blood, ‘and both to evil, which
becomes painfully obvious by the conclu-
sion. One could also say there is a
metaphor between love and blood, which
turns out to be an extension of the cliche
“love is thicker than water." To com-
prehend these hidden messages one must
listen closely as the secrets of Mickey's
journals unravel.

A neat trick utilized to overkill on
General Hospital works to perfection here.
As Scott lurks aiound Mickey's home he
turns a flashlight towards the camera;
simultaneoulsy, another bright flash blinds
the viewer. The forced blinking of the eye
allows the film to changelocation from the
house to the restaurant where Mickey and
Ray are being photographed by a
Inewsman using a flash. This fancy editing

 

technique further contrasts Scott and
Mickey‘s lives.

Thief of Hearts depends on an extension
of suspense to carry it along. For this
reason the audience must identify with
Scott and Mickey almost immediately.
You know he knows everything about her,
jand her knowing this is the point of the
flim. Director/screenwriter Douglas Day
lStewart drops hints all along and maintains
a firm grip on the action. which moves at a
quick clip.

For my money, Thief of Hearts was one
of the most engrossing psychological
thrillers in recent years. i fell into the action
nook, line and sinker. That the fantasy
mode shifts to brutal realism in mid-stream
only heightens the film's effect. Thief of
Hearts is one of those movies you either

 

love or hate. i loved it.

A word about the Holocaust, which is (obliquely) the subject of this
week's centerfold; i never felt very qualified to say anything about it. As an
Irish Catholic whose family was left relatively unmolested by the War and
what preceded it (my grandfather spent his war years in North Africa,
where, as he tells it, the most dangerous thing he ever shot at were
monkeys), I’ve always felt uniquely unwilling to express any thoughts over
something that had left me so completely unscathed while decimating so
many others. Not that I would forget it, or think lightly of it; I just didn’t
think it particularly my business to talk about it.

j BURI-‘ORD

  (Farmer Director,
g" Environmental Protection Agency)

This week’s centerfold is a photoessay by Roman Vishniac, an artist who
is qualified to talk about, and express an opinion on, the Holocaust; he was

   ‘5  H their. ' ti (l ualification
   I r , iatsapre ygoo q .

The Vishniac exhibit will be on show at the New York State Museum (at
the Plaza) until January 13th. it’s probably worth your time, no?

l was always told that the most dangerous thing was that the Holocaust
might be forgotten. So when you look at this week's centerfold, remember.

MW

Warsaw, 1939

Sarah was ten, and the darling of her family. Since their basement
had no heat, Sara had to stay in bed all winter. Her father painted the
ﬂowers for ltl'l. When Vishniac returned after the war, Sara and the

$2.00 with Taxsticker
$4.00 without

 

On The C0 vet

 

 

house were gone,

 

 

 

 

