 

 

     
   
   
   
 
  
 

By Dean Ghana ,
assocm rs spans stumn '

The NCAA Division III Nationals is the
stuff that dreams are made of; many players
set ‘the tournament as a goal to reach
sometime during their college carreer. For
Dave Ulrich and David'Grossman. those
dreams have become reality. ,

After‘an illustrious four-year career. the‘
Nationals is a fitting climax for Ulrich, a

“three-time SUNYAC champion. He will be
competing in singles and in doubles with his
partner. Grossman. '

As Albany's first single player. Ulrich ac-
cumulated a 16-8 record this year. but was
only 5-5 in the spring. All of the five losses
came to players from teams outside his region
(East): Concordia and Sktdmore. teams from
the NAIA: Williams, a strong Division III
team from the northeast region; Cornell. a
Division I school; and Siena. a team not af-
ﬁliated with either of the major collegiate
sanctions. 0f Ulrich's eight losses this year.
only two were suffered to a Division III
player in this region; both defeats were to
John lllig of the University of Rochester. 0f
the four players selected from the region. on-
ly llllg was chosed ahead of Ulrich.

Ulrich's two goals for the year were to play
number one singles and to go to the Na-
tionals. Now that he has accomlished both,
all that's left for Ulrich is to try to do well.
“I'm going to try to be at the top of my
game." said the senior co-captain." I‘m
looking forward to some really good com-
petition, and I'm just going to try't‘o do my

1 best."

Although it may sound like Ulrich isn't
that excited about the Nationals. his good
friend and senior co-captain Rob Karen in-
sists that he is. “Both of us wanted to go
bad." said Karen, the team's number two
singles player. “Dave doesn't show much en- '
thusiam on the outside, but on the inside I
know he's very happy."

Even though both players wanted to go to
the Nationals, there was no competition bet-
ween the two. From the start of the season,
Ulrich maintained that he would like to see
both himself and Karen make it to the Na-
tionals. When Karen was not selected. he was
nonetheless pleased of Ulrich's selection.
“I‘m happy personally for Dave.” said
Karen. "we wanted each other to make it."

.Karen just missed being the fourth and
final player taken from the region. According
to Albany Head Coach Bob Lewis. Karen
would have been the next player selected

Netmen ’s 3!

By Dean Chan

assocm H: mm rs comm

The Albany State Men‘s tennis team does't
often lose matchesuso when the team has any
sort of losing streak it‘s a bit surprising
Losses to Williams College and Colgate
University this past Tuesday and Wednesday
extended the Danes' losing streak to three
games. _

Albany started off the season quickly. get-
ting off to a 6-1 start. After a 7-2 defeat to
Concordia plus these two losses. the Danes'
record stands at a mediocre 6-4. The record is
a bit misleading; three of the four losses were
to non-Division III teams. Still. a win is a win
and a loss is a loss.

Both matches weren't decided until the

. doubles matches were played. Against
Williams. Albany managed to split the six
singles matches. but could only manage one
victory in doubles, losing by the score of 5-4.

Dave Ulrich, preparing for the upcoming
Nationals, won a big match against Brook
Larmer in three sets. Larmer is ranked ahead
of Ulrich nationally in Division III. so this
win was a confidence builder for Ulrich. The
victory avenged an earlier defeat suffered to
Larmer in straight sets. Second singles player
Rob Karen lost to Tom Ricves in consecutive
sets.

The best match of the day involved third
singles player Tom Schmitz. who saved 12
match points before falling in three sets. For
most of the season, Schmitz played a serve
and volley game. a departure from his high
school days when he was strictly a baseline
player. Against Williams. Schmitz decided to
rcvcrt to old ways. ,

l‘I Inst some of my confidence -in my
“(MUM game." said Schmitz. “I wanted to

a  ALBANY-STUDENT? mass. at farm 7 MA Y 4. 1984.-

 *rmpartnerems'sman 

 

 

 

VJ. Hmmc.... . ..

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Senior Dave Ulrich will represent Albany State In singles and In doubles In the Na-
tlonalo. ‘

form the East.

When the season opened, Karen scetncd to'

have only a remote chance of qualifying for
the Nationals. He started at number three
singles. partly due to Tom Schmitz’s strong ~
play. and partly due to an injuircd finger that
hampered his game. During the course of the
season, the four-titne SUNYAC champion

ump continues; skid reaches three

scfil' I could still play baseline." Schmitz’s
opponent played the baseline game better
thoughyand Schmitz lost the first set rather
easily. In the second set. Schmitz. realized
that he couldn't continue with his baseline
strategy. “I knew I wasn't going to make it
that way." said Schmitz. “I tried to take ad-
vantage of the short balls he was hitting.
After five shots or so. I would pick up a short
ball and rush the net.

Despite Schmitz‘s change in tactics. he
trailed his opponent 5-4 in games and'was
down 3-0 in points. “When you're down like
that, there's nothing you can do except just
hit out at every ball.“ said Schmitz. “The
guy holding match point is the one with the
pressure."

Sehmitz took the next four'points to even
the match at ﬁve games a piece. The set went
on to a tiebreaker that took on dramatic
overtones. After saving several match points.
Schmitz took the ticbreakcr. 14-12. and the
second set. t

“It was a good feeling to keep the guy
from winning." said Schmitz. “It gave me
confidence, The team also helped out a lot;
when l was getting beat. the team rttllicd
behind me." After that marathon tiebreaker.
Schmitz appeared to have lost something. "I
got so into the tiebreaker that l nearly killed
myself to win it." said Schmitz. “After that.
ldon't know if it was physical or mental. bttt
I was a bit drained."

David Orossman lost his match in straight
sets, only the second match he has dropped
this season. Mike Dermansky and .lay

Eiscnberg both won their matches, with,

relative case, a fact not lost upon Albany
Head Coach Bob Lewis. “These last two

 

 

fought off a challenge from fourth singles
player Grossman, and successfully challeng-
ed Schmitz for the number two slot.

“It was just one battle after another." said
Karen. “I thought it was over when I got up
to number two. The came this (the Nationals)
and l was in a battle again."

Karen had his chance when he faced

matches. those two have practically carried
the learn.“ said Lewis. "They play very ag-
gressively and they believe they’re going to
win. They‘re both very capable players, and
I'm not surprisd that they won. lam surpris-
ed that they won it as easily as they did.“
Going into the doubles. Lewis was fairly
confident ol' victory. “I felt fairly confident
that the number one and number three
doubles had good shots." Ulrich and
Grossman were up against Larmer and
Rievcs. a team ranked ahead ol' the Albany
duo. Still. Lewis was confident. “They
(Ulrich and Grossman) played so well against

Concordia that I thought they would have a.

good chance." said Lewis. According to
Lewis. the duo played "terribly" and lost
6-0. 6-3. ~

The number two doubles team of Karen
and Schmitz were beaten easily while'the
third team of Dcrmansky and Eisenberg won
their match easily. Division I Colgate
defeated Albany. 5 I, to 3 1.. Ulrich was very
impressive in his win against Rick Miller. 6-7.
6-4. 6-2. “Dave played very well," said
Lewis. “Ilis playing well has a lot to tin with
confidnccc. l-lc’s peaking rigltt now."

Karen lost his match to Dan Comissar,
7-5.6-0. The senior was up 5-4 in the first. but
then dropped nine straight games to close out
the match. "I don't know why it happened,"
said Lewis. “I‘m very mystified and disap-
pointed itt his performance." An outclassed
Schntitz was blown out by llob I-Ialpcr. 6-0.
6-1. Halpcr overpowered Schmitz. with a
powerful first serve.

For only the third time this year, (irossman
fell to Rob Fried in three sets. 6-7. 6-2, 6-3.
Dcrmansky gut himself in a hole early on in

Blnghamton's Barry Goldberg, II' he won
that match. he would have faced Bingham-
ton’s Jim Clark for the right to go to the Na-
tionals. Unfortuantely. Karen lost to
Goldberg In three sets.

“I‘m real disappointed." said Karen.
"Making the Nationals was my goal
throughout college.” As a freshman. Karen
just missed going to the Nationals; he was the
fifth player onoa four-player squad. “As a
freshman, it didn't really matter as much

‘ when I didn’t make it. It’s real disappointing

now." said Karen.

For the doubles team of Ulrich and
Grossman. making the National wasn't much
of a surprise. They were ranked 15th na-
tionally in the pre-season poll. and 32 teams
make the Nationals. This year. the duo rack-
ed up a 16-2 record; one loss was to Cornell
in an eight-game pro set. and the other loss
was to the University of Vermont. a defeat
that the pair avenged later in the year.

“They're a good doubles team," said
Lewis. “They should do well in the Na-
tionals. If they don’t run up against a top
seed early in the tournament. they sould win
some matches. The luck of the draw is impor-
tant."

A good doubles team isn’t necessarily
made up of the best two player's teamwork
and a certain compatibility between the two
must exist According to Grossman. the
tandem has these qualities.

“We compliment each other well." said
Grossman. I‘lf he‘s not doing something
well. I am. Normally, Dave returns serves
well and I play the net. But against Concor-
dia. Dave was having probably his worst day
returning serves. so I had to do what he was
good at. and he had to do what I usually
do."

For Ulrich. making the Nationals aa part
of a doubles team is icing on the cake. But
for Grossman, it’s much more. “I don’t
know if I'll ever get another shot." said
Grossman. "We‘re going to see if we can do
something. We go out there and we expect to
win. and I think that's a big key to our ten-
nis. A team has to beat us. because we‘re not
going to beat ourselves."

The tournament will be held at Emory
University in Atlanta. Georgia from May
10-12. Coach Lewis will i'ly‘down a day early.
his bill taken care of by the school. The
NCAA will pay the way for Ulrich and
Grossman. l l

the match, and could never recover. He lost
the first set 6-1, and was trailing in the second
set. 5—1. before coming back only to lose in
the ticbreaker. Eisenbcrg was impressive in
his 6-1. 6-4 victory over Tim Stein.

The second doubles I team of Karen and
Sclllllill. fell meekly to Halper and Fried. 6-2.
6~3. Lewis was displeased with their perfor-
mance. “It wasn‘t a good effort; they just
got outplayed," said Lewis. “I think they
could have played better. If you play your
best and lose. that's aonc thing. But if you
haven't played your best that's another
tlting.l didn‘t think they looked like they
were into the match at all.."

Schmitz didn't know how to explain the
overwhelming defeat. “I kttow he‘s (Lewis)
disappointed, but we didn't lose- they won,"
said Schmitz. “I don’t consider as to be good
douhles players; Rob's a strict baseline
player. and I don‘t play much doubles. Ten-
nis is a mental sport, and we lost some big
singles matches. We have our moments, but
we‘re-just not as talented 315 some other
teams. Ottr spirits may have been dampened.
but there's no way in hell we gave up. We did
the best we could."

The third dottbles team of Derntansky and
Eiscnberg rallied from a 5-2 deficit in the first
set to win. 7-5, 6-2. Ulrich and Grossmttn
didn‘t complete their match against Miller
and Commisar. splitting the final point bet-
ween the two teams.

Next year holds promise for the Danes. us
only Ulrich and Karen will be graduating.
Both players contributed a great deal to the
team. and they will be sorely missed. [.1

 

 

 

 

    
 

 

 

 
 

 

SPORTS BRIEFS

    
   
  
    
   
    
  
  
    
  
   
   
     
  
    
    

' commented. Taylor's Special. willt ’ ' I i ' I
' I ravel to Blnghamton for the  u '
Naglcr splcks stats: 1:: i2:i.:“.’:."'.‘y“"°l‘  °"   '9’ '"’°"' chm” '"d‘m'
' 4 m e acrosse team will travel to '
distance. But. N I - '
Eric Naglcr our ASP home will hold on m as if believes he Potsdam for a game at 2:00 on  a An?” C. McCarron 5'2
racing analyst believes Sw I l r a s are' smurdaym-rhe men's mm“ I Hale's Shark Wllson 2° 1
.m cuss or l ' ae s For the long shot players team will host Hartwick todayat 3' B 3' Hunt . i
e °"'°"°W 5 Km- Naglcr thinks the often 3:30. v 4..f-§0‘Va ue Macaeth 20"
NICKY Derby to be run at Chur- overlooked Gate Dancer can run ' 5- a-Llfe'sqVIagIc cooksey - 12-1 .
cllltli“ Downs. Naglcr noted that a big race. _   6- Fl ' I‘II Over Brumﬂe'd 5'2 ‘
L 5 son of ‘Seattle Slew might For the ﬁrst time since I980 7- Fa l Time vergara ’ 20'1 ~
avebamtougr time dug to the New York OTB branches and The "alional 0pm Grcc6_ 8- f'Be¢.'IOUII'I aWIey 12'1 ‘-
33:.  ?...':"“..°‘éh.i‘iiiﬁ' “at      9- f-Hexson' H We 12-1
‘ . rac ' ~ ‘ . . ' '
Another problem facing the Derb;.W%h::g>;‘Lv:ggrmgi:E:2: Schlps Will be held at University   Spec.“ Ga'ugm'me 12'1
woody Stephens trained colt is passed by Govcnor Mario mi: “(33' May H and '2' Thus 12- b-Vanland n ha  ap e 7.2
that he drew post posrtton IS. Cuomo that will also allow the qualifielr Sim: :5 ﬁgiszsmclwo 13 f. Beret Prince m D oemaker 10 1151
For those of you that like to track to ‘ s or I .c "mm" I ay -
play exam: mmuals he expects Prcaksnes carriy lwagering on the Olympic Games In Los Anselcs‘ 14. Al The Threshold Perret 12.1
“he peaking daughter or Al dar 53" l ‘3 afﬁdch CUP Two Dane wrestlers will be 15' wa'e E Maple 0-1
iAlthea. Fali Time and Taylor's. races. ' iompcling' Three “me AMI  f-gﬂllatiglsi‘rizdﬁhgre Pincay 3'1
. ‘ merican Andy Seras will b ' '
mm; :2 titsttgttsi UP°°'"’"9 9'9"“  at    18- “'35” ﬁlms. $232.30.. ‘21“; 1
t . , . . . u. withII8 d a n ' ax 8 ' ‘.
ntn: s CRIII'IES.‘ :ah. Time .15 The women's track teatn will Sheldon.poun rrnhman Shawn 20. Gate Dancer ad Smith 10-
3:: :22: as. sin: 3112‘.‘.?.€.T‘.ZS?IG‘X.‘3“5“”"?"‘      3': WW    831°?” ‘2" =
. _ c c mvcrstt w ’ ' . - i - "'
.Derby In top form." Naglcr Track... The men's track lean: pciiiiimg CIUb w'nalso be mm. W Mosaﬂtgtibelylgl’ealgwd army. a oussey 15 1

 

 

 

 

  

  

 

MATINEES DAILY
* Center ‘-
VU  THEATRES
$250 gentLvaB-tl-RD

7“ c‘E'r'rTE'ial 1&2

COLONIE HEAR DF MAEV'S 4591110

GOLDIE “AWN o KURT RUSSELL

SWING SHIFT

TOM HANKS 0 JOHN CANDV

SPLASH

'2m '.‘.:.‘,' PLAZA 1 G 2
nurrzaoAM MALI. atraunm AVE
155 tlﬂﬂ

  
  

t van-x. -_~,-.~.-w.‘- -

 
  
           
   
    
   
 
  

an

        
     
 
  

  
  
 

      
 
 

.BREAKIN’

PG

  
 

STEPHEN KING'S
CHILDREN or THE
CORN ,.

        
   
 

 

  
  

TOWHE 1 It 2
1 MILE no. mama CIRCLE no at
ATHAM nststs

SIXTEEN
CANDLES

 
     
     

   

l

 
      
   

 

 
   
    
  

STEPHEN KING'S
CHILDREN or THE
conn

        
    
 
 

HELLMAN 1&2
WASHINGTON AVE. ALBANV 459 5121
EXCLUSIVE RACING

WITH THE MOON

POLICE
ACADEMY ..

MDRIVE-IN
DIRECTORY

T _
588 BROADVRVI. MENANTDSYIZ73'ZBBI
HARD BODIES
AND
WEEKEND PASS H
EI;II.DREN OIr 'I'IIE COIIN
_ n _
FRIDAY THE ISTII
The Fruit Clt'autet

 
 

 
       
 

     
 
      
 
   
  

 
      
     
        
  

  
       
    
  

\ Mutts

    
       
       
    
 

  
 
     
      
    
  

 

   
 

 
  
   
      
  

LAYHAM . rassraa
BHEAKIN'

th)

        
 
          
 

"nor DOG" .
"A cut “Nip
IBM CENTRALwAVKE. . “Egan!
CHILDREN OF TIIE CORN
FRIDAY THE ISTII
The Final chime: "

  
     

 
     
       
 
         
         
 

 

 
     
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 

 

 

    

 
   

LED-IEPPELlN

 

 

      
 
 

         

"4., . h.»
st. ,w ' “"llltn all
35:  "1345:" :_ ’

      

; . . .n;

‘ t. I
. . HELLMA ' " ' '
“PARA” ADMISSION Nil 5 SAI

  

   
    
     
   
   
  
 
 
 

For a 20' - arr tull-cnlm poster at mu on send Is no chock a: money order payable to Anhauseraumn In: 9.. -
. pt It’vD One Busch Fla
at annual December 31 rear vam where prontbtluﬂ animus”. . rumor" Itnua- . luts allusionInuwawnlustﬂizsgl 5&“33'7333'” An“ N WIN

 
    

PINK FLOYD
THE wan

Dil'l-i- "In.

 

  
  
 
   

 

 

 

  

