 

 

 

 

 

American sailors held

‘ Moscow
(AP) Five American sailors taken into
custody by Soviet authorities Sept. 12 are
“safe and well" in eastern Siberia, but
there has been no ofﬁcial explanation for
their detention. a U.S. Embassy spoksman
said Monday.

Spokesman Mark Smith said a member
of the embassy's consulate staff spoke by
telephone with one of the crew members
and' learned they were in the town of
Ureliki on the Bay of Providence.

The crew members are "safe and well"
and their vessel. Frieda-K. “is apparently
undamaged." Smith said.

“The embassy is now attempting to
secure the release of the ﬁve crewmen and
their safe passage home.” Smith added.

U.S. mine search ends

Cairo, Egypt
(AP) The U.S. Navy is no longer actively
searching for explosives in the Red Sea. a
source disclosed Monday. and France said
a mine found last week dated from the
1973 Arab-israeli war. not from any recent
efforts to disrupt shipping in the
waterway.

A highly placed source. who spoke on
condition he not be identified by name or
nationality, said the active phase of the
U.S. minesweeping effort was finished.

Last week. Egypt’s defense minister,
Field Marshal Abdel-Halim Abu-Ghazala
said the multinational operation. which
began last month. would conclude by the
end of September.

Joining the Americans in the search
were naval" units from Britain, Egypt.
France. italy. Saudi Arabia and the Soviet
Union. '

CIA transfer blasted

Washington. D.C.
(AP) Sen. Jim Sasser. after reviewing
secret U.S. documents. said Monday night
that the administration appears to have
“acted in a cavalier and irresponsible man~
ner" in the transfer of three rocket-ﬁring
airplanes to the CIA-backed Nicaraguan
rebels.

Meanwhile. the State Department warn-
ed that the United States would consider
the Nicaraguan government's acquisition
of advanced combat aircraft “a serious
development which would alter the
balance of power” in Central America.

Department spokesman John Hughes
commented in response to a weekend state-
ment by Nicaraguan Defense Minister
Humberto Ortega in which he reportedly
said Nicaragua will be in a position to
deploy advanced aircraft — possibiy
Soviet MiGs — late this year or early in
1985.

PREVIEW or EVENTS

Cele The Albany Public ll

 

leek
Library

Last week, Sasser. D-Tenn.. obatained
documents showing how three small O-2A
planes were declared excess by an Air Na-

tional Guard unit in New York and
transferred to a Defense Department pro-
gram. code-named "Elephant Herd.” On
Monday. .Sasser was shown a highly
classified document that dealt with the
planes’ transfer to another federal agency,
according to his spokesman. Doug Hall.

Arms project urged

Washington, D.C.
(AP) Warning of a dangerous buildup of
Soviet forces in Northeast Asia and of
Japanese defenses that .“fall short." a
panel of prominent Japanese and
American advisers Monday urged their
governments to start developing high-tech
weapons together.”

The U.S.-Japan Advisory Commission.
ending a 16-month study ordered by the
leaders of both countries. cited Soviet
missile strength that is expected to increase
dramatically matched against “inade-
quate" Japanese defenses. in its recom-
mendations to President Reagan and
Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone.

They're not cleaned. Its only a drill.

 

 

Nationwide

Pot crop thriving

San Francisco
(AP) Marijuana growers in northern
California are preparing for what may be a
record harvest during the next few weeks.
despite government eforts to stop the
thriving industry.

Conservative estimates place the street
value of last year’s California marijuana
harvest at $2 billion. The San Francisco
Chronicle reported. The-newspaper said
today that this year's harvest is expected to
be the biggest ever.

The state is spending $l.9_ million this
year in a highly publicized Campaign
Against Marijuana Planting. However. of-
ﬁcials estimate they will seize only about
10% of the year’s crop. -

Activist surrenders

Rapid City, SD.
(AP) lndia'n activist Dennis Banks. sought
by South Dakota authorities for 9-year-old
assault and riot convictions. surrendered
to authorities in Rapid City Monday.

 

Banks. an early organizer of the
American lndian Movement. appeared at
the Rapid City‘ airport to surrender. then
was taken to the courthouse for an ap-
pearance before Circuit Judge Marshall
Young. A

Banks probably will be sentenced later
on two convictions for rioting and assault
with a weapon without intent to kill. said
one of his attorneys. Bruce Ellison of
Rapid City. The convictions. which carry a
maximum sentence of 15 years, stem from
a 1973 riot at the Custer County Cour-
thouse in South Dakota. Banks fled the
state before he could be sentenced.

Reagan clarifies stand

New York
(AP) President Reagan says in a letter to
the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai
B'rith that he opposes “organized. formal
prayer at prescribed times" in public
schools. but he felt rights to pray should be
assured.

Responding to a letter from the
organization’s national chairman. Ken-
neth J. Bialkin. Reagan says he “simply
believed" that court rulings against school
prayers violated students' “right to pray if
they so desired.”

Statewide '
Koch backs Mondale

Washington, D. C.
(AP) New York City Mayor Ed Koch
pledged Monday to campaign for

' Presidential hopeful Walter Mondale more

enthusiastically than he did four years ago
for Jimmy Carter.

Koch introduced fellow democrat Mon-
dale to a group of Jewish leaders in
Washington. DC. by saying. "1’" do
whatever he (Mondale) wants me to. i'm
available."

Kochhas denied there is ill will between
the two. He said in a warm introduction
Monday that the main reason he supported
Carter four years ago was because Carter
endorsed Mondale as his successor.

Toxic dumps found

Buffalo. NY
(AP) A radioactive substance used in mak-
ing smoke detectors has been found in
sludge at the nearby Grand island sewage
treatment plant at levels three times higher
than federal safety guidelines. a state
Health Department spokesman said
Monday.

“it's not a crisis. but it’s a real pain and
a problem." said Peter Slocum.

State ofﬁcials ordered Nuclear Radia-
tion Developoments Corp. to cut back on
the amount of americium 241 that it
discharges into the Grand Island sewage
system.

 

will hold I Wit book

nlverslty MI Juliet-l Corn-
mlttee Is accepting applications

Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity. Kappa
Rho Chapter will be lponeorlng a

Class of '30 Come to the Class
Council interest meeting on

Computer user room installed on State:  A _ 

s
l
r
l
y
1

By ChristopherBlomqulst

There's somehting new on State Quad
besides the freshmen.

The State Quad Computer User Room.
which opened in the basement of Fulton
Hall last May. marks the beginning of a

"program which could culminate with a

user room located on every quad.
According to Director of Residential
Life John Martone. the room. which is
open to all SUNYA students, is the first
phase of a steady plan to build a user room
on every quad within the next few years.
This summer, Martone said. he and

representatives from the SUNYA Research '

and Educational Development Depart-
ment investigated the four other quads for
possible room sites.

Some computer users disagree with Mar-
tone’sselection of State Quad as the site of
the ﬁrst quad user room. Craig Lowen-
thal, a senior computer science major, who
works at the new user room three times a
week. said he feels a more practical loca-
tion could have been selected. According
to him. the freshmen of State Quad don't
have as many. or as complex, computer
classes as the upperclassmen on other
quads. Frosh. he believes. don’t have as
much need for the user room as a well
established science major would. “They
should have put it on Colonial, lndian, or
Dutch." he added.

Yet Lowenthal predicts an increase in
use by State Quad freshmen during the se-
cond semster. when the potential computer
science majors will be finished with in-
troductory courses. and taking more ad-
vanced ones.

There have been few complaints about

moan Samson rs. 198's El  

 

 

 

CINDY GALWAV UPS

Students working In Fulton Hell's user room

"They wanted to increase the popularity of the. quad. "

the State Quad user room itself. Lowen-
thal called it “much neater that the other
rooms," and said that. "it’s bound to
beneﬁt the people on State."

The room houses six decwriters. which
are used. according to Lowenthal. for “in-
formal printing or ‘hard copy’." For prin-
tout sheets that are to be handed in.
Lowenthal says students must use the
equipment in the main user rooms in CS 22
(another new facility built last year). LC 4,
or LC 27.

The other computers on State include
ten new digital VT lOI's. which give access

to the Sperry and the DEC 20 main frame
in the lecture centers. There are also four
Volker Craig terminals. which permit ac-
cess only to the Sperry main frame.
Lowenthal said that the use of the room
has been “fair” for “off hours," but is
“showing good improvement" during the
rush between noon and six pm. He said he
believes one reason for the slowness of the
room is that “not many people know abut
this yet." if the use of the room remains as
is. Lowenstein said he believes that the
State facility is going to be very handy.
“Come ﬁnals time when there’s a two

hour wait at the lecture centers. this room
is definitely going to alleviate alot of it.”
he said; He added. “We're open 8 am. to
ll p.m.. Monday through Friday. and 8
am. to 4 p.m.' on Saturday.“

The State Quad location was chosen
over the others. Martone said. because

“there were concerns in distance from the '

Campus Center and in the away student
.space. We also desired to offer this to in-
coming students on a predominantly
freshman quad."

Slater said she believes that there were
other motives behind the selection of State
as the home for the room. “They wanted
to increase the popularity of the quad,"
she said. Slater said she believes that the
room was placed on State to attract up-
perclassmen back to the quad. which is
currently populated by approximately 70
percent frosh. ‘

In response to these claims. Martone

'asserted. “i never thought that that one

thing would make the difference" where
the room would be located.

“The fact that we’re looking at other
quads doesn’t support that idea. There are
other factors far more significant (in deter-
mining which quad a person lives on or
frequents) than a user room." he said.

“I think you're going to get complaints
from anything you do," said Martone, ad-
ding “lt's such a tremendous thing. and
since this won't be the only user room-
we're planning on other ones- a little pa-
tience could go along way."

Martone said the next quad to house
such a facilitywill probably be lndian,
“because the room is already built, and we

‘14>

Administration , UAS chip in for escort service

By Maria Carlino
STAFF WRITER
Women on campus won’t have to walk
alone at night beginning in October when
the “Don't Walk Alone" escort service
launches its operations with funding from
UAS and the SUNYA administration.
The service, whose members escort
students to and from various points on
campus Sunday through Thursday. 8 pm.
to midnight, received $1000 from UAS and

$4500 from the administration to fund,

their operations. according to SA Presi-
dent Rich Schaffer. .

The university has also agreed to pay the
salary of graduate assistant Rochelle
Hirschenson. who will coordinate the pro-
gram, said Schaffer.

Last March, after the SA funded pilot
escort service program ended, a New York
Public interest Research Group

.(NYPIRG) survey showed that 192 of 207

 

 

Free Llsflngs

10.00 am. to 4m pm. It is epon-
sored by SUNYA-Uptown (fr-Oust!

Jude club will hold its first class

general interest meeting on

rodey. September 20 at 7:15

. . in the Wrestling Room on the

floor of the gym. Beginners
advanced are welcome.

sale on Thursday, Septpmber 20
from 10:00 am. - 4.00 p.rn. on the
sidewalk in front of the library. 101
Waehlnton Avenue. The selection
will include reference works. fic-
tion lid a variety of subjects.

mmmwllhaveagenerei
Internet meeting on Wednesday.
September 10 at 3:30 pm. In BA
1:». Topics to be discussed in-
ciude membership and nomina-
tion of officers. All new members
are welcome

through Thursday, September 20
at m p.m. Applications are
available in AD 120. All students
are urged to get involved.

SUNYA NAACP will hold a

meeting on Thursday. September

N at 7.00 pm. In cc 307. All in.

lerz'e‘t‘ed students are urged to
t .

rm '00 la holding a general
Internet meeting‘ on Thursday.
September” at 7:30 pm. in L019.
All are .

fund raiser for the United Negro
College Fund. UNCF t-shirte will
be sold on the podium Tuesday.
September 10 in celebration of
“Cultural Awareness Day.“ For
more information contact David
Brown at 4550706.

The Aberry Student Press (ASH
will hold Its general Interest
meeting on Wednesday,
September 10 at 7:30 p.m. In LC 2.
All are welcome and minority
students are encouraged to
attend.

Wednesday. September 19 at 7:00
pm. in LG 20. All freshmen are
welcome.

Aiurnnl Quad leeidente Elections
for Quad Board and Proeldent and
Vice President of Programming
are being postponed until October
1 and 2. Petitions with 75
signatures will be accepted until
Sunday at 7 pm. In the Alumni
Quad Office. For more lnlonnation
contact irwin Welneteln at
456010.

pm. in front of the Campus Center.

Lozano said.

well. Lozano added.

1y," Bryan said.

JSC-Hillel.’ and Black Gold.

open the day with a short speech.

 

 

that." Bowman asserted.

'CuItUraI' A wareness Day to
display campus diversity

in an effort to promote minority involvement and presence at SUNYA.Student
Association is sponsoring the first Cultural Awareness Day today. from noon to 4

“Minority groups need a chance to exhibit together in one big.bash." said SA
Minority Affairs Coordinator Eric Bowman, explaining that the groups are not
always visible during SA’s annual Group Fair Day.

SA Programming Director Patty Salkin agreed. saying. “in the past a lot of the
cultural groups on campus have gotten lost in the shuffle" of Group Fair Day.

Cultural Awareness Day “is supposed to highlight those groups who don't always
get the recognition they deserve." Slakin added.

Fuerza Latina President Oscar Lozano said he sees the event as a way to reach
potential members who live off campus, as well as Latin graduate students.

“We’re proud of- our heritage and we know there are some people out there who en-
joy it who might not even be Latin," Lozano said. -

In addition to Latin foods such as tostones. dolce de coco, pollofrito con arroz.
Fuerza Latino’s table will also feature voter registration forms.

“There are a lot of them (Latin American students) who can vote and don't."

Salsa and merengue dancers will perform at Fuerza Latino's table during the day as

Posters. pamphlets. and art exhibitskof the Carribean islands will be available at
Pan Carribean Association's table. said the group's president. Marlene Bryan.

5 “We’re looking to' educate people about the Carribean islands culturally and social-

Other groups. Bowman said. which will exhibit Tuesday include Albany State
University Black Alliance (ASUBA), the Flame, Korean Students Association, Puerto
Rican independence Student Association (PRlSA), Revisionist Zionist Alternative
(RZA), Chinese Students Association. italian American Alliance, Luso-Brazillian.

In addition. WCDB's Third World DJ’s will play a wide range of musical selec-
tions. The new chair of the Afro—American Studies Department. Vivian Gordon. will

“A lot of minority students have become apathetic and we're trying to reverse

 

 

 

 

SUNYA women - interviewed » said they
wanted to see “Don’t Walk Alone”
become a permanent program.

Out of “6 men surveyed, 97 said they
supported “Don't Walk Alone.” ,

During the pilot program. which lasted
one month. over 400 women were escorted
from the library to points across the up-
town campus.

According to Hirschenson, at least 100
“socially concerned and aware students
with no past records of assault .or other
violent crimes" are needed for an effective
service. Applicants, she said. must
undergo screening and, if accepted. train-
ing, prior to receiving membership.

The service will not begin operations un-
til October. said Hirschenson, because of
the time necessary to recruit and train
escorts.

These members. in teams of two (one
mile and one female) will spend a few
hours weekly stationed in the library and
the various quad lobbies. prepared to
escort students ,to various campus loca-
tions. she said. In addition. members will
distribute handouts on rape prevention
and encourage the use and popularity of

the service to other students on campus.
Hirschenson said.

During training sessions. members will
be “given an overall view of various
aspects pertaining to rape." said Hirschen-
son. who mentioned a talk on sexual
assault. lectures on legal rights. afﬁrmative
action and rape prevention. and the help"
of SUNYA’s Five Quad Volunteer Am-
bulance Service regarding medical pro-
blems faced by rape victims.

Last year, the President's Task Force on
Women’s Safety reported that the preven-
tion of rape was a necessary and'promi-
nent issue for research and action, thus
establishing the original piloted SA funded
program.

Students currently taking introduction
to Feminism have been told that they will
receive some class credit for becoming an
escort one night a week.

“We are starting from the ground up,"
explained Hirschenson. emphasizing the
importance of having members that are
“socially concerned and aware.” feeling
that people are open and receptive to these
qualities. “We want this to be the best it
can be," she asserted.

Don't Walk Alone coordinator Rochelle Hirschenson

"Socially concerned and aware students" are needed.

.....-...‘.‘.,.‘ _......._.... .

as.“

.. _ 1.7—." . _.

 

