 

,.
. ,V r"

 STUDENT.  0;;WESDA v. sameness .25. 19:4 —

7! i Y i .

' 4 i . . ‘  .’ 4
Worldwide .
Editor" gunned down

‘ . ' Philippines
(AP) A newspaper editor active in the
political opposition died Monday after two
unidentiﬁed gunmen shot him and a com-

- panion on a street in the southern Philip-

pines city of Dipoiog. authorities said.
A report from Brig. Gen. Edgardo

,uu

Alfabeto, regional military commander in-

Zamboanga. said Jacobo Amatong.
editor-publisher of the weekly Mindanao
Oserver. died in a hospital in Dipolog. 450
miles south of Manila on the island of
Mindanao.

Zorro Aguilar. a lawyer who was walk-
ing with Amatong. died on the spot. the
report said. ’ ,

Alfabeto said investigators were examin-

ing spent shells found at the 'scene, but‘
there was no clue to the identity of the.
' ' cond Reagan administration.

killers.

Amatong also was an elected city of-r

ﬁcial in Dipolog representing a party op-
posed to President Ferdinand E. Marcos’

government. His 18-year—old newspaper:

often took stands critical of the
government.

The military report said two men ap-
proaced Amatong and Aguilar, pulled out
guns. ﬁred several times and then fled in
the dark.

Withdrawal possible .

Beirut
(AP) Prime Minister Rashid Karami Mon-
day said the United States. still recovering
from the car-bomb attack at its embassy
compound. has brought “good tidings" of
a breakthrough on arranging an lsraeli
troop withdrawal from Lebanon. .

“l am confident of what i am saying."
the Syrian-backed premier said in a state-
ment published Monday in Beirut
newspapers and broadcast over state
radio. He implied that his optimism was
based on talks Saturday with U.S. Assis-
tant Secretary of State Richard Murphy. .

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

Work-ln-Progreas Lecture Series
History Professor Warren
Roberts will give a Isoture entitl-

‘ ed "Jadques Louis David:Some
Dlllerent Perspectives" on Tues-
day, September 25 at 4pm In
HU354

Free llstlngs

Don't Walk Alone Escort Service
is looking for student_escorts.
All Interested students must ap-
ply. be screened and receive
training. For more Infonnatlon
call 457-8217.

day And Lesbian Alliance
has rescheduled their parenting
workshop from September 25 to
Tuesday, November 6 at 8:30pm
In 00375. All are welcome.

‘bassy bombing reportedly threatened

  

Murphy. who went to Beirut to super-
vise the lnv'estigation into the Thursday at-
tack that killed two Americans and
wounded 20’. went on to Damascus Sunday
for talks with Syrian ofﬁcials. said Carol
Madison. a U.S. Embassy spokeswoman.
She gave no other details.

Amid the diplomatic activity, Israel
reported ﬁve'attacks on Its troops in south
Lebanon. three U.S. warships cruised off
the Lebanesecoast, and the group that
claimed reiponsibility forlast week’s ent-

anothcr blow against U.S. interests.
Nationwide

Mondale blasts Reagan

“ Won. D.C.
(AP) Walter F. Mons-Ii is seeking to limit
defections of Democratic voters to Presi-
dent Reagan by forecasting a “scary, in-
tolerant and dangerous future" under a se-

Facing polls showing substantial
numbers of Democrats are ready to vote
for Reagan. Mondale said Sunday the
president has been doing a- “cynical rewrite
of history" by praising past Democratic
heroes like John F. Kennedy, Harry S.
Truman and Franan D. Roosevelt.

“Mr. Reagan wants Democrats to cross
the line and becomeRepublicans." Mon-
dale said in his weekly paid radio address.
“Today I am asking Americans. especially
young Americans. to take a look at the
Republican home they are being sold. and
the platform it’s built on." ‘

Prisoners escape

. Kansasv
(AP) Five prisoners. three serving life
terms for murder. escaped from a
dormitory-like cell house at the Kansas
State Penitentiary early Monday. ap-
parently by climbing through an air shaft.
authorities said.

The inmates were discovered'missing
moments after the l a.m. escape. and

agencies. with the assistance of- two canine

M iStatewide A:

 

 

Berker Revisited The Impact of
the Berker experience of the
1900's on SUNYA will be
discussed at a conference on
Thursday. October 4 lrom 1-5pm
and Friday. October 5 lrom 9am
to 1pm In the Campus Center.

prison ofﬁcials and area law enforcement

I

units. immediately began will”! “’1'

them. said prison spokesman Troy Baker.

Baker identiﬁed the escapees as
van Pham. 20. serving a life sentence from
Sedgwich County for his November I982
conviction for first-degree murder; John'
Allen Purdy. sentenced in May I979 to life
Imprisonment from Sedgwick County for
first-degree murder. aggravated robbery

and burglary; Lawrence Eugene Lane. 33, '
sentenced in Junew l903 from Douglas

County to a 10- to 20-year term for eg-

' gravated robbery: Thaddeus Jones. 28.

serving a life sentence for his May 1983

_ ' conviction for-first-degree murder and ag-.
‘ gravated robbery; and Arzo Tucker Jr..

28. sentenced to is years to life in April
1979 for. aggravated kidnapping. ag-
gravated sodomy. rape and aggravated
robbery.

Steelworkers meet

Cleveland
(AP) Facing its worst membership decline
since the Great Depression, the United
Steelworkers gathered for a constitutional
convention pledging support for Walter F.
Mondale and blaming President Reagan
for the ailing state of America’s steel
industry.
“The Reagan years have been desperate
years.” USW President Lynn Williams

said Sunday .as delegates of the'

720.000-member union prepared to meet

Monday. “We'll do everything we can to

bring about the Democratic victory."
“There's been a depression . . . created

deliberately by the Republican administra- ‘

tion," Williams. the ﬁrst Candian to head
the union. said. "The United States is on
the edge of ceasing to be a major manufac-
turing power and is slipping . . . The price
our members have paid for that is
staggering.” ‘

The union. with roughly half the
members it had in the early l970s, is
meeting in Cleveland for the first time
since the organization was founded here in
1942‘. its endorsed candidate, Mondale. is
scheduled to address an estimated 3.000
delegates Wednesday morning.

Post plcks Reagan

New York
.(AP) The New York Post, stating that
"the choice before the people was never so
clearly defined.” Monday endorsed
Republican President Ronald Reagan for
re-election.

In a full-page editorial. the Post said,
“Ronald Reagan. more than any president
sincd Franan Delano Roosevelt. has
revitalized the nation’s economy. rebuilt
its defenses and restored it to a position of
trust and respect in the world.”

For the ﬁrst time since the Vietnamese
war. the newspaprer continued. “we are
enjoying record prosperity. with regularly
increasing disposable personal income and
savings. without signiﬁcant inﬂation."

The Post said the Democratic Party was
in disarray, “increasingly embraces isola-
tionism and advocates appeasement. runn-
ing scared of the Soviet challenge
abroad..."

It concluded. “the choice between
Ronald Reagan and Walter Mondale is a
choice between optimism and dcfeatism,
between divisiveness and compromise, bet-
ween grth and decline."

Nursing home strike

New York
‘(AP) Health care workers struck ll private
nursing homes Monday in a contract
dispute affecting the care of 2,800 elderly
patients. the state Health Department said.

The strike was launched at 6 a.m. by
1.400 members of Local 144 of The Hotel.
Hospital. Nursing Home and Allied Ser-
vices Union. said Frances Tarleton. a
Health Department spokeswoman.

The employees include nurses. nurse's
aides. orderlies. cooks. housekeepers and
some clerical staff who have been working
without a contract since March 30.

CBS faces libel suit

New York
(AP) A federal judge ruled Monday that
CBS must face trial in a $120 million libel
suit filed by Gen. William C.
Westmoreland. who charged the network
with falsely reporting that he distorted
enemy troop estimates during the Vietnam
war.

The ruling by U.S. District Judge Pierre
N. Leval clears the way for a trial that
would raise issues about both the conduct
of military leaders during the Vietnam war
and of news reporting methods. It is
scheduled for Oct. 9 at U.S. District Court
in Manhattan.

CBS had argued that the suit should be
dismissed before trial because the charge in
its documentary clearly , was true and
because Westmoreland had failed to show
that the network broadcast the show with
"malice," as required in libel suits involv-
ing public ﬁgures.

 

 

783-6870.

monarchy.

The SUNY Alkldo Club will meet
on Saturdays and Sundays from
7pm to 9pm In the Wrestling
room In the gym. New members
are welcome whether beginner
or advanced. For more Inlo call

The British Are Coming Albany
State Debate Society will host
the Oxford debate team on Tues-
day. October 2 at 8pm In the CC
Assembly Hall. The topic to be
debated: Should the U.S. adopt a

SUNY Oneonta. N.Y.,

day at 8:39pm In 60373.

SUNY-Ireland Intercession
SUNY at Oneonta will sponsor
an Irish Studies intercession In
Ireland. Applications and Infor-
mation are available from Dan
Casey. English Department.

(807-432-7088). Applicatlons will
be accepted through October 1.
The Living Torehzlnelghta Into
Jewish Values A weekly
workshop with Rabbi Ze'er
Kralnes will be held every Tues-

WGDB will hold their general In-
terest meeting on Tuesday.
September 25 at 8pm In LC 22.
All are welcome.

Larkteet will be held this Satur-
day sttemoon on Lark Street In
downtown Albany. Ralndate ls
Sunday.

Racquetball Tourney sponsored
by the SUNVA Racquetball Club
will be held October 6 and 7.

1 3820

 

 

 

 

There is a $5 entry fee and sign-
ups end September 30. J

 

By Leslie Chalt ’ .

Q:What early feminist is the only
woman to have been placed on a piece of
United States currency? What did the right
answer mean to a group of ﬁve people last
Sunday?

A:Susan B. Anthony. of course. and it
meant that Jon Drucker. John Giarrusso.
Marc. Klaiman. Josh Madlin. and Noah
Madlin won Telethon ’85's first event. a
Trivial Pursuit tournament.

Telethon '85 co»chair Eileen Shapiro
said, “the other team knew they had won
even before the guy had ﬁnished reading
the question.” in an interview Monday
night.

Eric Dorf. Shapiro’s co—chair, said the
event brought in about $185 in team fees
and that 39 teams played. The ﬁrst place
team won two dinner certiﬁcates for two

persons at Villa Roma and Sidewinder. ‘

both in Crossgatcs mall,'Dorf said.

Each member of the second place team.
Todd Cherches,Robert Glickman. and
Mike Endlcr. won a copy of How To Win
At Trivial Pursuit. The third team. Robin
Miller. Adam Kaplan, John White and
Karen Parganent. shared a box of Dunkin
Donut Munchkins. Dorf said.

“We’ve always had an event in
September." Shapiro said. adding. “com-
pared to past years this one has made a lot
more money."

“It got everyone really psyched. it get
everyone really hyped on Telethon,”
Shapiro said.

One of the tournament’s organizers,
Paul Arzooman. said that the Genus Edi-
tion and the Baby Boomer Edition of
Trivial pursuit were both used in the tour-
nament. Arzooman also said a faculty-
student tournament was under considera-
tion for the future. since the tournament
had been so successful.

No ﬁnal decision has been made as to
What‘organizations Telethon ’85 will work
for this year.

Some of the groups being considered.
according to Dorf, are “Camp Good Days
and Special Times." a camp for children
suffering from cancer, and the Drakeland
Day Care center. which services minority
and disadvantaged children from single
parent households.

Two groups sponsored last year.
Wildwood School and the Capital District

SA tries unique locale for voter sign-ups

~ Trivia/Pursuit contest kicks off Telethon

 

 

'3‘5

MONIL LI‘I'WIN UPS

Telethon's Trivial Pursuit tournament In progress

“It got everyone really hyped on Telethon. ”

Speech center, are also being considered.
Dorf said. Last year Telethon netted about
525,000 dollars. which was split between
the two organizations.

The earliest possible date for the deci-
sion of which groups to sponsor will be the
ﬁrst week in October. Dorf added.

Events Committee co-chairs Lisa
Buitckant and Katheen Ryan said that
some of the fundraisers planned for the
year includes a triathalon. which is a new
event for SUNYA. scheduled for October,
and a Dance Marathon, to be held

November 9 and lo.

Telethon will also sponsor various holi-
day parties. Dorf said. as well as candy
grams and can drives on the quads.

Ryan said the popular “Afternoon at
the Bars," which allows a student to buy a
book of tickets for drinks at Albany bars,
would probably be held next semester.

“There are many ideas germinating,"
said Dorf. "We can't do them all. but we
would like to do as many as possible. We
have a great. great staff and we’re all very
enthusiastic, " he added. [3

More than 300 people registered amidst crowded, weekend bar scene

By Jane Anderson
ASSOCIATE NE W5 EDI 10R

Amidst the beer. chicken wings, and
bouncers. more than 300 people. mostly
Alumni Quad and off-campus students.
registered to vote in ﬁve area bars last
weekend.

About 25 volunteers. coming from Stu-

Student Action Committee, they had
hoped to get about 100 people registered at
each bar. They didn't do as well as they’d
expected. he explained. because of the
“unmanageable” size of the crowds. By
midnight on both nights. he said, the bars
were too packed to reach anyone.
Gawley‘ reported that the Lamp Post

The Lamp Post had
the best registration
rate, the Long Branch

the worst.

 

dent Association's Student Action Com-
mittee and the Student Association of the
State University, staffed tables in W.T.'s.
the Lamp Post. the Long Branch.
O’Hcancy’s and the Across the Street Pub.

According to Steve Gawley. chair of the

had the best registration rate, while enroll-
ment at the Long Branch was the slowest.
in addition to the students. approx-
imately 50 to 60 community members were
registered. said Gawley.
“The bar owners were really helpful.”

said Robert Levitt. a Student Action Com-
mittee member who worked at W.T.'s. ad-
ding that the waitresses and bouncers in
each bar were asked to help out in the
registration process.

John Scyour. co-vice chaif of the Stu-
dent Action Committee. said that the
registration efforts were primarily targeted
at the difﬁcult to reach off-campus
students. ‘

Many people were already registered,
said Levitt, adding. “it was almost'like
beating a dead dog."

“1th a great awareness thing." said
Seymour. “Conversation in the bars was
focused on politics.” he noted.

“The numbers weren’t staggering." said '

Gawley. but “this (tabling in bars) will be
done again.”

‘ Gawley noted that the event drew heavy
media coverage, including camera teams
from local TV stations.

The Student Action Committee. Gawley
estimates. registered approximately 3,500
students to vote. including close to 2.500
from freshman orientation.

Between 40'and 50 percent of SUNYA’s
undergraduate population is registered to
vote. Gawley said, adding that he hopes
"well above 50 percent" of these students
to turn out on Election Day.

On November 6. according to Gawley.
student volunteers will be going door-to-
door on campus to encourage students to
go to the polls. "Everyone will be asked to
vote," he said.

" .: an"'z‘z.:~t.ls‘12a-iﬁstaisl"  '
W‘DALBANY“ srun- mraaﬁ 

for
‘reellstlc" arms
reducti“

the Soviets 7

(AP) President Reagan stepped into the
‘role of peacemaker Monday in his
speech to the United Nations General
Assembly, where he discussed relation-
ships with the Soviets and the recent at- -
tack on the U.S. Embassy in Lebanon.

Reagan. reaching out to the Soviet
Union in this election year. is proposing
“a realistic, constructive. long-term
relationship” to reduce weapons
stockpiles and improve prospects for
world peace.

He said the United States was not on-
ly ready to reach an accommodation
with Moscow, but was determined to
reduce tensions in the Middle East.
Central American, southern Africa and
other troubled regions in the world —
and he said he welcomed Soviet
cooperation.

“We recognize that there is no sane
alternative to negotiations on arms con-
trol and other issues between our two
nations." Reagan said in his speech.

Reagan, who has in the past con-
demned the Soviets as an “evil em-
pire." said Monday, “while there will
still be clear differences. there is every
reason why we should do all that is
possible to shorten that distance.”

A senior U.S. ofﬁcial. who demand-
ed anonymity. said one measure
Reagan had in mind is to use the recent-
ly improved “hotline” between
Washington and Moscow to -prevent
war by miscalculation.

While Reagan has taken a con-
ciliatory stance occasionally in the past.

 

a hard-line approach to the Soviet
L'nion has colored U.S. foreign policy
in his nearly four years in the White
House.

Secretary of State George P. Shultz
and other key Reagan advisers have
been careful not to claim the president's
olive-branch can produce instant
agreements or even an immediate
resumption of negotiations. “it's a
gradual process." Shultzhold reporters
Sunday night.

But he said the speech could help im-
prove the atmosphere and make it
easicr‘for the Soviets to return to the
bargaining table next year — if Reagan
is rc-elected.

Denouncing the attack last week on
the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, Reagan
hinted Monday that the United States
was ready to begin a new round of
diplomacy aimed at bringing peace to
Lebanon.

President Reagan
Welcoming Soviet cooperation

 

 

 

 

