,.— is.m'iu.".&

«$4.312» 

s.

 

   
   
   
  
  
  

Axwﬁw‘ , "w L» s... -

 

 

u... .qu

 

 

 

 

198341984 Great Danes:
The sports year in review

By Marc Barman
smnrs smmk .

After the arduous task of reviewing and analyzing the performance of each of this year's
Albany State sports teams. perhaps one generalization can be made; the big-time sports —-
football. basketball. and baseball — did not have the kind of ﬂourishing seasons that they've
been knowanor‘ in the past.l

In this season. there was not a single team that dramatically stood above any other; rather it
was the effort of one athlete. wrestler Dave Averill. who outshined all the rest. Averill became
the ﬁrst Albany State athlete in l7 years and only the second in Dane history. to capture an
NCAA championship. .

The magnitude of the fcat he accomplished seemed even greater when you consider how it
was done. After dominating his opponents to reach the ﬁnal round of the l26-pound division.
he met up with Puerto Rico‘s Olympic hopeful Orlando Caccres from Trenton State. With on-
ly 29 seconds remaining on the clock, Caceres hoisted Averill off the mat. dropping him on his
head in an illegal move. The Dane l26-poundcr.slipped into a semi-conscious state and was
unable to continue; thus disqualifying Caccres in accordance with the NCAA rulcbook.
Though some will say Averill's title is “tainted.” he still wins as Dane athlete of the year.
hands down. He will try to repeat as champion next year and his chances look promising con-
sidering Caceres will be graduating.

There are two other Albany State wrestlers that soon might find international glory. Three-
time All-American Andy Seras. who redsltirtcd this year to concentrate all his time and energy
to making the I984 Olympic team. has a legitimate shot at qualifying. He will find out for sure
in June when he competes in the Olympic trials at the l55-pound division. Seras has voyaged
to Europe three times this year to compete in international competition where he has placed
well against the best of the other countries. '

Joining Seras in the quest for international fame. is freshman All-American Shawn
Sheldon. who has an even better opportunity of qualifying. more due to a dilution of talent in
his weight class than any other factor. Sheldon has also journeyed to Europe for competitions.
0n the side. he captured All-American honors at the NCAAs while wrestling in a Dane
uniform.

Getting back to the performance of Albany State teams. the big-time sports. as mentioned
before. had their problems. The Dane football program. which boasted a .700 winning
percentage going into the season. saw their record fall to the lowest in their history. Mainly
due to a lack of experience in the offense. the club‘s record read 3-7. However. their clip by no
means exhibits the drastic improvement to the team through the course of the season, especial-
iy the offense. The line play solidiﬁed tremendously as the season progressed and sophomore
quarterback Mike Milano at times showed rays of brillinace. That combination coupled with
Albany's usual stingy defense should provide an about-face recordwise for Coach Bob Ford
and his Purple Gang.

Frustration also came D0c Sauers' way. as for the first time. the Danes failed to qualify for
the SUNYACs. Albany instead received an invitation to the smaller ECAC tournament where
they were eliminated in the opening round ' ' '

Though their record was better than .500. it ranks near the bottom in comparison to his ﬁrst
28 years as master of the Albany basketball program.

Still. Sauers. like Ford. is staring at a strong year ahead. Only forward Wilson Thomas is
being graduated. and the addition of Fields Blanchard. a transfer from Hudson Valley with
three years left of eligibility. should steer Albany State back on the track leading to a
SUNYAC playoff berth.

The Danes baseball team completed its season yesterday and ended up with another losing
season. Rookie coach Ed Zaloom has a lot to look forward.to since only two players are
graduating. Missed next season will be two-time All-SUNYAC Bob Conklin. who is a good
bet to make it a hat trick after this year's awards are announced.

The Albany State men's tennis team continued its "dynasty" ways when they captured their
ﬁfth straight SUNYAC title even with Coach Bob Lewis sidelined due to a disc operation. Jim
Serbalik. who has seen the word interim preceding his name before as women's tennis coach.
did an extraordinary job ﬁlling in at that spot. taking over two days before the season opener.
Lewis was so impressed with the coaching that he wanted him as an assistant but Serbalik
refused: he is presently back behind the desk at the Registrar. -

This spring. with Lewis back at the helm. the Danes are 6-4 with one match remaining.
Their record isn’t bad considering the level of competition they've been up against. All four
setbacks were against Division I schools. '

The big news of the spring. however. was the qualifying of Dave Ulrich for singles and
doubles along with his partner Dave Grossman. This year's Nationals will be held at Emory
University in Atlanta. Last year Albany State had the honor.

Coach Bob Munsey took an unproven but enthusiastic bunch of sophomores and juniors all

the way to an 18th place ﬁnish in the NCAA Division III National Championships during the
season he called “the most exciting surprise of my careers." The Dane harriers used the dual
meet season to develop the mental toughness that pulled them through at the NCAA
Regionals.'where six inch snow drifts and top-level competition could not hold them out of the
third place ﬁnish they needed to qualify for Nationals.

Munsey changed his training tactics and tried a new approach to speed workouts on the
young group he dubbed “the Diaper Kids." The team ﬁnished second to SUNY-rival
Fredonia State at the SUNYACs for the best Albany ﬁnish in several years and then sat out of
the State meet in order to rest for Regionals where they became the ﬁrst SUNY team to beat
Fredonia in ﬁve years and ﬁnished third out of the 26 teams in the New York region. Captain
Chris Callaci praised Coach Munsey. “He listened to us very closely and made some very
smart decisions that allowed us to do our very best."

The men‘s soccer team finished with a 6-7 clip. but in no way does that tarnish the perfor-
mance of two players. Mike Miller and Tihan Presbic. who were both named to the All-
Conference squad. Coach Bill Shieffelin will surely miss the graduating Miller next year.

The women's swimming team should be labeled as Albany State’s most Improved squad as
they coasted to their ﬁnest season ever. lZ-l. Sophomore Jane Klotz. a diver. qualiﬁed for the
Nationals in Emory and copped All-American honors with her ninth place ﬁnish.

By stark contrast. the women's softball team should be classified as the most unimproved
team. Fielding nine freshman starters. Lee Rhcnish's squad is in the midst of a pitiful 2-12
season. Just two years ago. they captured the NYSAlAW championship and last year they
reached the semiﬁnals.

The junior varsity basketball team fared better than the more elderly club. They ﬁnished
with the second best record in j.v. basketball history. 17-3. with three players expectedsto

2 D

   
    

 

 
 

VOLUME LXXI

Albany gears up
for orientation;
bar owners told
to check |.D.s

By Jane Anderson
ASSOC/A TE NEWS EDITOR

With 1900 mostly under-age freshmen

flocking to the Albany area for summer‘

orientation, SUNYA officials are warning
local bar owners to cheek l.D.’s more
carefully.

"We‘ll call the local bars" to warn them
that a large group of underage students will
be staying in the area overnight, said Mary
Schimlcy. who is in her first year as Orienta-
tion Director.

"We can't control completely for
alcohol." said Schimlcy. "Obviously. if so-
meone wants to drink. they will.’I She cx-
plaincd. however. that a full range of evening
activities have been planned for the
freshmen. nost of whom will be under Ne
York's legal drinking age of 19. ~

While drinking is said to be a popular
orientation activity for future fresh. the two-
day sessions will also offer opportunities to
learn something about the university and to
make friendships that often last through four
years at SUNYA.

"We help the new students to become
comfortable with the university." explained
Schimlcy.

This year‘s “typical freshman" will have
placed in the top l4 percent of their high
school graduating class. and have combined
SAT scores of over l.l00..according to Assis-
tant Director of Admissions Tom Flemming.

in addition. said Flemming, many students
are admitted under on of SUNYA's special
programs. which include the Talented Stu-
dent Admissions Program and the Educa-
tional Opportunities Program.

Flemming said that of the l2.000 students
that applied to SUNYA for 1984-85. over 55
percent were accepted. which is the same
level of acceptance as last year. 2l50
freshmen are expected to enroll. Flemming
said.

1.900 future freshmen will attend summer
orientation this year. along with over 800
transfer students, who will participate in one:
day sessions. Sehimley.

Sehimley said she and her staff ofOrienta-
tion Assistants have “tried to make it a little
bit more exciting this year."

“We're running four programs
simultaneously." she explained. “freshman
student. freshman parent. transfer student
and transfer parent."

“We try to walk the freshmen through the
program." Sehimley explained. “while the
transfers are more on their own."

Both frosh and transfers will be given an
opportunity to speak with their advisors and
choose next semester's courses, and are given
time to socialize and to meet representatives
of the administration and the Student
Association.

The parents will attend information ses-
sions and slide shows about campus life. and
will tour downtown Albany on one of
SUNYA's “green machine" buses.

The students, meanwhile. will be experien-
cing some of the funniest. most bizarre, and
memorable moments of their college careers.

A senior recalls that at his orientation. one
freshman got drunk in the penthouse in State
Tower. “We looked out the window." said
Joe. "and convinced him that the greenhouse
by the Bio Building was a UFO. He called
the campus police."

One junior said he spent his entire orien-
tatin on roller skates. “I thought it would be
cool to rollerskate for two days. so i bought a
pair of skates and brought them with me."

Another student recounted an unusual'

coincidence that occurred during orientation.
12>

  
   

 

H

 >
$509——

 

 

NY State legislators angered over
national 21 drinking age proposal

By Steve Fox
and Tony Sllber

Despite the New York State Assembly‘s vote against raising the legal drinking age to 2| last
month. [9 and 20 year olds face a possible threat from the United States Congress in legisla-
tion that ties the 2| year old drinking age to federal highway funds.

in a move that is being called “political blackmail." the U.S. House of Representatives ap-
proved legislation June 8 that would take some federal highway funds away from any state
that did n0! raise its legal drinking age to 21. The Senate will vote on the measure before they
complete their session in mid June. .

The bill provides the 27 states which currently have a drinking age under 21 with a two-year
grace period. Within this time they must raise their drinking age. If the states have not com-
plied by the third year. they would Iose,5 percent of their federal highway funds. and they
would lose 10 percent in the fourth year.

“This is government by sanction rather than government by constitution." claimed New
York State Assemblyman Vincent Graber (D-West Seneca). Graber said he believed the law
would be unconstitutiohal. but added that sanction provisions have never been tested in the
courts.

Graber noted that various police powers are assigned to the states. and that this provision
would “walk on the very powers of the states."

Graber also questioned the relationship between a higher drinking age and highway fun-
ding. "How does highway funds relate to the drinking age —- it doesn‘t.” he asserted.

The assemblyman pointed out that there haVe been sanctions before — ones with what he
called valid reasons —- such as right turn on red and the 55 mile-per-hour speed limit. He add-
ed that New York. or any other state. could sue to end government sanction.

Cathy Ozer. the legislative director for the United States Student Association (USSA). 4

agreed with Graber. calling the proposed legislation “tactical blackmail and harassment.”

According to Ozer. USSA reiterated their opposition to the drinking age in testimony for
the Surfacs Transportation Committee. “The law targets a specific population. not the
societal problem of alcohol abuse." she said.

Dev Tobin. legislative assistant for the New York Public Interest Research Group
(NYPlRG) said that the question of states’ rights would probably be decided in the courts and
that a court case could take years to be settled. “it is not within the federal perogatives to raise
the drinking age." he added. 12.

Oil-campus . 
housing office? ' .

 

 

 

 

 

NUMBER24

uprooted from
Campus Center

B Mark Gesner

CONTRIBUTING canon .

in a decision severely criticized by student
leaders. Vice President for Student Affairs
Frank Pogue has relocated SUNYA's Off-
Campus Housing Office (OCHO).

The ofﬁce. along with its director Karleen
Karlson. moves from its spot next to the Stu-
dent Association on the ﬁrst ﬂoor of the
Campus Center to the ofﬁces of Residential
Life on State Quad.

“In my assessment the Off-Campus Hous-
ing Office can be improved upon if it's
located uhder housing. It will be able to bet-
ter serve the students in a more organized
way." said Pogue. The decision was part of
the Vice President‘s January plan for
reorganization of the Student Affairs Divi-
slon.

Karlson. however. is not completely happy
with the move. “l don't agree with Frank
Pogue that this is not going to have a
substantial negative impact on what happens
to this office," Karlson said. “Other ad-
ministrators do not know what my office
does. People do not know the high quality of
service we give. she added.

The office assists off-campus students with
_a wide variety of ltousingvconeerns. Financial

".'advice. reading leases. apartmentmate

hassles. landlord negotiations. and safety tips
are among the services offered by Karlson
and her staff of student advisers. The office
is probably best known for its daily updated
display of available apartments in the area.
According to Pogue. having Karlson run a
“one person oft'ice" cannot fully realize the
proper committmcnt to the off-campus stu-
dent. and results in the underutilization of a

professional position. He said the move

allows for a better use of resources and can
maximize Karlson’s role as a professional
within the university.

The relocation has 'outragcd SA Vice Presi-
dent Suzy Auletta. who had served as the SA
Off-Campus Coordinator for the past year.
“The responses of off-campus students and
especially OCA (Off-Campus Association)
members are reactions of shock and disap-
pointment. I feel it is my duty to voice the
students' overriding opinion that the upcom-
ing switch is counterproductive for off-
campus students,” Auletta wrote in a
memorandum to Pogue.

Auletta cited several drawbacks to the
switch. She wrote that moving OCHO out of
the Campus Center would reduce its ac~
cessibility and visibility for the off-campus
students. ‘ln addition. Auletta pointed out
that OCHO is presently in close proximity to
SA's Legal Services and the OCA office. and

12>

    

ED "ABUSBIGN UPS

Karleen Karleen
Move will have a "negative Impact. "'

 

ongo‘na‘nozv“  ‘

 
    
    
 

 

   

 
  
   
   
  
     
    

   
 
    
 
 
  
    
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
   
    
  
      
 
 
 
  
  
    
  
    
    
   
      
    
  
   
    
    
    
   
    
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
   
  

  
  

