  

 

l
t
i
l.
5,

  
    
     
   

    

.nﬁmpcw Mnﬁ, _ _ .

I ,.._..,,_...w..>wr— "ss-

 

, ; he Empl‘re'Staté institute for the
  :Perfo'rrnin , Arts (55m) -has
.M; released is, schedule for the

. loos-1955 -season,-‘replete with a Wide of-
:fe’ring of. theatre/music, and dance.
Whether Dizzy Gillespie, theVEdward

Vlilella and Dancers troupe, or_ ap‘r‘oduc-*-‘

tion of Henrik‘lbsen's A Doll’s House
grace the stage ofathe "Egg", ESlPA has
produced a fine- arts menu appealling to
the serious theatregoer as well as the
casual aflcian‘ado.

The season opens a week from Sunday
when, on Sept. 23, Kenneth Grahame's
deli'ghful tale, Wind in the Willows
returns. A musical adaptation
choreographed by Paul and Francis
Hackett, this gentle fantasy cronicles the
antic adventure of Toad and his
woodland creature friends. it is directed
by Edmund Waterstreet, who is familiar
to ESlPA frequenters as the director of
Story Theatre and a consultant on The
Miracle Worker. The play runs through
October S. '

Highlights of the remainder of the
season include Dizzy Gillespie,
trumpeter and Jazz Hall of ,Fame
member presenting an evening of music
on October 12. Shakespeare‘s Taming of
the Shrew, lbsen's A Doll’s House, and a
Vietnam War drama On the Home Front
by Gail Kriegal are typical of the fine and '
varied stage offerings in 1984—1985.

Tickets and information on this
season's offerings can be obtained by
calling the ESlPA box office at 473-3750.

   

  
        

    
 

r

 
   
   
    
 
   
   
   
   
 

Edward Villella and Dancers in An
American Salute
The master ballet artist in a glorious

if  Theo‘tertscene *

 ﬁg ~Wid For ESIP

Wind in the Willows

Mole, Water Rat, Badger, and the un-
forgettable Toad return in Kenneth
Crahame’s delightful tale, with music by
John lakes and Claire Strauch.
Opening: 2 p.m. Sept. 23 (Sun)

The Dizzy Gillespie Quartet
An evening of music with the already

  

tribute to America, featuring a new
ballet commissioned by ESlPA,
choreographed by Richard Tanner for
Mr. Villella.

3p.m. Oct. 14 (Sun)

Edward Villella and Dancers in Around
the World in Ballet - a Special School
Show.

10 am. Oct. 15 (Mon)

A Doll’s House

legendary jazz trumpeter, a Charter | A husband and wife make some shatter-

member among the great musicians
honored in the Jazz Hall of Fame.
8 p.m. Oct. 12 (Fri)

ing discoveries in the timeless drama by
Henrik Ibsen. -
Opening: 2 p.m. Oct. 28 (Sun)

 

 

   
 
   

  
  
  

  

      

 
   
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

  
 

Findlay Cockrell, pianist, beginning a
series of noontime concerts.
12 noon, Nov. 5, 29 (Thurs)

Raggedy Ann and Andy, A Musical

A spectacular Broadway-style produc-
tion based on the escapades of those
lovable rag dolls, with music by Joe
Raposo.

Opening: 8 p.m. Dec. 14 (Fri)

The Romero Quartet

The celebrated family of classical
guitarists known worldwide for in-
dividual and collective virtuosity and
elegance in performance.

3 p.m. Ian. 15 (Tues)

 

The Taming of the Shrew
Shakespeare's shrewd and witt
of determined courtship.

' Opening: 2 p.m. Feb. 3 (Sun)

Quintet - World Premiere
3 p.m. Feb. 24 (Sun)

Y comedy

The Prince and the Pauper

The young heir to the British throne and
a beggar's son exchange identities in
irohrli Vriieke’s adapItation of the Mark
wan cassrc wit ‘ '
Leslie. I mum by Diane

Opening: 2p.m. Mar. 17 (Sun)

The Empire State Youth Orchestra
These talented young musicians per.
form a concert featuring the world
premiere of a new work commissioned
by ESlPA, composed by the Orchestra's
music director Victoria Bond.

2 p.m. and 6 p.m. Apr. 20 (Sat)

- The Copasetics

The troupe of dancers and musicians
devoted to preserving the brilliance and
authenticity of the uniquely American
art form of tap-dancing, the Copasetirs
trace their own careers back to the hey
day of Harlem's famed Cotton Club.
3 p.m. Apr. 21 (Sun) .

The Premiere of a New Work
Continuing ESlPA’s Commitment to the
creation and development of newwnris
for the theatre, a new play will be pro-
duced at the Egg.

Apr. 22 through 26

Findlay Cockrell, the pianist, continues
his series of noontime concerts.
12 noon May 2 (Thurs)

I Remember Mama

John Van Druten’s touching tale ola
Norwegian-American family llullfllllga
new life in San Francisco in the early
twentieth century.

Opening: 2 p.m. May 12 (Sun)

 

 

 

‘ l ' hings are looking quite good at
Albany's Capitol Repertory
Theatre this season. Besides .the

Repertory’s winning a national award of
$20,000 from CBS lnc., each of the six
plays to be performed this season will
run 4% weeks, an increase of a full week
per play over last season.

Opening the 1984-85 season will be

C.D. Taylor’s, And A Nightingale Sang..., a
play set in England during World War ii.

and will run thru November 11.

Second on Capitol Rep's list of perfor-
mances is A.R. Gurney lr.’s, The Dining
Room, a comedy which employs six. ac-
tors to depict 60 characters throu h five
decades of ebullinet American li e. The
play will begin running October 11thru
November 11.

Following The Dining Room will be Ed-
ward Aibee's, Who’s Afraid of Virginia
Woolf, featuring William Kuhlke who
played Hugh in Translations, and
Brocker Slade in The .Wake of lamey
Foster. Kuhlke will portray George in
Albee’s highly acclaimed drama which
blends humor and compassion into a
work of art. I
The fourth performance is currently
being billed as a "surprise." Directors
Burce Bouchard and Peter H. Clough are
looking‘at' a variety of plays including
works ‘by William Shakespeare and

pull out of the theatrical grab-bag is
Februaryz thru March 3. _ .

 

Taylor's brainchild will open October 13‘

other classics. The date alloted for this ' 'su

Cap Rep Opens To
A Nightingale’s Song

The fifth slot will be filled by Athol
Fugard’s Broadway hit, Master Harold
and the boys. Master Harold deals with
the tenuous subject of racism as do
most of his works. The story centers on a
white student and two black waiters in a
provincial South African tea room who
must deal with a day of reckoning. This
piece will run March 9 thru April 7.

The final play on Capitol Rep's list will
be Premiere of a New American Play,
which promises not to be a static drop
from the clouds. Last season, Dan Ellen~
tuck‘s Alice and Fred was premiered,
winning the praises of Variety, "a
beautiful new play with an unusual
quality of quiescent power."

Capitol Repertory at. the Market
Theatre. is located off the Clinton
Avenue exit from l-7B; on North Pearl
Street between State Street and Clinton
Avenue. Performances will be held at 8
p.m. Tuesdays through Fridays and
opening nights. Subsequent Saturdays,
the curtain will be at 4:30 and 9:00 p.m.
Sunday matinees will be held at 2:30
p.m. New this year is the 4:30 p.m. Satur-
day early show.

Slngle tickets will 0 on sale arou
the 1st of October, ﬁlth prices ranglggi
from $9.50 to $15. College budgets are
not forgotten so student discounts will
be offered'at so'me performances.

If you. are a real theatre buff, a
bscription to the entire series of
Capitor Rep's performances is available.

 

‘ For‘lnforma‘tion call 4624534.

 

Proctor’s

Guys, Dolls, Dukes

roctor’s Theatre, a magnificently

restored Vaudeville theatre in the

heart of downtown Schenectady,
has announced its performance
schedule for September and October.
Dance, theatre, and song are in the
spotlight of a playbill packed with varie-
ty. The schedule includes:

I Gigi. Louis Jordan, of many a French
film (including the film adaption of this
play), and Betsy Palmer are on center
stage when the curtain goes up for this
dazzling new production of Lerner and
Loewe's fantastic French musical. It's an
enrapturing tale of a beautiful 16-year-
old girl groomed for respectability - but
destined for romance. The musical score
includes "Thank Heaven for Little Girls,"

I Remember lt Well," and "The Night
They invented Champagne."

Dates: Sept. 13-23

Guys and Dolls. Tony Roberts (CBS’
The Four Seasons), and Mauree:
McGovern (Pirates of Penzanc

' elbrin to
life the story of two guys whose ligves

revolve around
floating crap game, and the two doll:
they love. Lerner and Loewe's. high
spirited musical contains such songs as
agnglge‘l'A Lady/{Q’Bushel And A Peck "
repress le "G" ‘ I”
Dates:0ctober 8 uys and Dons.

Duke Ellington’s' so

{FallflmKﬁQnductor p mum, hdm’

 

gr.  99.:

-r.. .-  .,.

Mercer . Ellington.

 

To Mix

Back in the days when jazz had a Count.
an Earl, and of course, a Duke, real
entertainment meant great singing, a big
band, elegant sets, superb dancing and,
"over the top" music like "Cotton Tail),
"The Mooch," and “Take the ’A’ Train.’
Some things never change.
Dates:0ctober 19-20

Romeo and luliel. Enough said, Enjoy.
Dates:0ctober 30

Philobus. Wonderful entertainment. It
you like pop dance, prepare yourself lor
a breathtaking performance bl
America’s cleverest, zaniest dance
company. '

Dates: October 12

 

 

Groucho. Gabe Kaplan, star of you-
know-what, brings his lrascible wrt to
the personage of that late great come
dian, you-know-who. is it funny? You
bet your life.

Dates: October 21

NishlrMother. The Broadwa)’ (“‘“na
comes to Proctor’s for one nill'“ ""w'
Winner of a Pulitzer Prim, (hi-‘9 1"“ ‘3’“
plores the contradictory emotions tikhc'
ing a parent and a child. And being alive-

Dates: October 26

' Proctor’s season runsv thrmllll‘ M‘W‘
Watch this space for upcoming Perm"
mances, including Marcel Marceau an
in December, Doonesbury.

I

SEPTEMBER 14, 1984

 

 

this Saturday.

Loeai Music"

Local Rock Reigns At RPI;

A nybody who is interested in the local n'uslc scene should nuke it a

"a. i .la.

 

 

point to take the tine and effort to aitdi a bus to the RPI Fieldhouse

(BK-104 and Budweiser have gotten together to stage what muld be the biggest mncert featuring “loal” talent this year, mnplete

with four bands, for a measly three bucks admission. This,

fact, I'm sure it will

and fifty oent Buds all night, could probably nuke for a pretty exciting evening. . .in '

Leading off the show (and starting at 7:30, so get there by then if you want to see all four bands), are the Drongos, who, as New Zealand
natives and a New York based band, hardly qualify as "loal talent." However, the Drongos spend nuch of their time playing in and around the
Capital area, and have quite a following here. A frenetic and fun band, they'll definitely make it worth your while to show up early.

The bandslllotto, The Sharks, and Root Boy Slim will follow the Drongos, although in what order hasn’t yet been bashed out. C! the three,
the most popular in the Albany area is probably Blotto, although nnny veteran dubgoers and n'usic buffs abhor the band. Their bouncy,
rythnic style and satirical limits seem to have the same effect on the Albany public that the 21 drinking age proposal has - love or hate, no nad-

dle road.

Certainly: Blotto is not a serious band. Taking only three of their most popular songs as exanples, "l Wanna Be A Lifeguard," sounds like
something the Rarnones might put out, only a shade better. "Too Midt Fun" is a song about a hangover, and their biggest hit, "Metal Head, is
an older and infinitely rmre vidous version of Spinal Tap. . '

But when it corms to local bands, you can't get any loml-er than Blotto. The five men in the group, who identify thenselves as Bowtie Blotto,

Broadway Blotto, Lee Harvey Blotto, Sergeant Blotto, and Cheese Blotto, used to jam together in a lounge at Colonial Qiad, back when they ’

went to SleOl here.

The Budweiser—(13K (or is it the (BK-Budweiser?) Rock Party is far and away that best event taking place anywhere near here this Saturday,
and anyone who has the slightest idea that he or she night be interested in the local music scene will find this oonoen more than worth their

while.

For information on the concert, call the RPI Fieldhouse at 26645262.

s the Albany club scene virtually

collapses around them (the recent

closing of The Chateau is a prime
example), the best of the club bands that
regularly play in the Albany area are strug-
gling for the recognition they need to stay
formed, keep working, and keep
eating,too. Thanks to their first album,The
Drongos(Proteus), lean McAllister, Stanley
lohn Mitchell,-Rlchard Kennedy, and Tony
McMaster have a more than fine chance of
weathering the recent hard times.

 

John Keenan

 

With their first LP release, the. Drongos,
always a popular dance band inlAlbany,
show surprising lyrical creativity and
depth (at least, surprising to me and pro-
bably to the majority of their fans, who are
usually too busy dancing to listen.)

Not to say that the Drongos have lost
any of their power to make feet start mov-
ing. The ten cuts that comprise this album
are as danceable as Drongos fans would
expect, making The Drongos an appealing
party album,'as well as simply goodmusrc;

The first cut, “Eye of the Hurricane,
opens the album with an infectious beat,
but the music is a pale second to
McAllister's alluring (hey, Dave, am III
allowed to say sexy?) vocals. "Ghost Ship,
which follows, Is a less exuberant (not to
say that there isn’t any exuberance,
however) effort, that is mildly disappoin-
ting when first heard. Growing power it
does possess, but this KennedyMltchell el-
fort is inferior to both "Move You’ and
"Non Citizen,” their other two collabora-
tions, and overall "13‘s:d b'e considered the

est son in a bi.
Wis; as YO?! start8 to think that maybe

 

 

 

 

you’ve blown the seven bucks it cost to
buy this album, “Overnight Bag" starts
playing, and two minutes, thirty-three
seconds later you find your faith has been
restored. The next two songs, "Closed
Doors” and "it Seems,” finish up the first
side with a florish, "It Seems” being a
noticeably strong effort with one of the
catchlest hooks on the album that will pro-
bably garner a lot of alternative-radio
a"T'llzysecond side opens with the Drongos
first single, "Don’t Touch Me," originally
released In 1901. It hasn’t gotten any worse
since then, and starts the side all nicely,

 

 

the savagery of the lyrics ("if you can’t
touch my heart, don’t touch mel”) again
dominating the music backing it up. Ken-
nedy has a positive flair for soundingnas-
ty, and "Don’t Touch Me” is probably the
best track on the album, albeit three years
old.
"Life Of Crime,” the next track has been
reclevlng a lot of airplay recently, and Jean
McAlllster's voice is probably the reason
why. If there's a better female vocalist
regularly performing in or around the
Albany area, I haven’t heard her yet (which
i must admit is more than possible). For
now, let's just say the lady sounds very

In Septerrber, 2.“. “5‘ '9 

Sept. it! -Square Ore
Sept.19 -Q)eratlo_n Pluto f'
W20 40,900  ‘
Sept.25 -/ohnny Rabb and the Rodrers
Sept.“ -Trashknight
Sept.27 -Lurrp'en Pro/es
And every Friday ‘night, 288 Lark

presents home-grown , exlvm
jay Adam Fass. '

 

 

 

 

good.

The album closes with three good ei-
forts, “Step Out," “Move You," and "Non
Citizen." The frenetic sound of the band is
nicely highlighted, especially on “Step
Out.”

it’s obvious that this LP is not going to
appeal to the people who are still calling
Huey Lewis brilliant, but a frequent of the
Albany club scene will find this album a
must. The Drongos are a danceable band
who play accessible music; and it’s appeal-
ing to listen to,a record by a band that
might be playing lust around the corner
next week. ’

?.Tv1‘=1':v:“rllalc:7a—; uc. .-»

 
    
  

,u‘haww .

 

   
    
          
       
          
   

 

    
 
 
 
   
    
  
 
    
  
   
  
     
    

