  

 

 
  

- r

"4?. .5 ca- .
— .z-s‘m.»

( ,
r,
!

 

 

D MARUSSICH UPS

E
Dane bats ciobbered three RPI pitchers in their 16-6 rout oi the

Engineers yesterday.

 

APRIL 27. 1984

r up for clash with Dragons

st'ortls /:'I)III)R'_ .

If their slogan. “The Road to Respect", includes
healing up on teams that ltad defeated therrr last year,
tltc Albany State baseball teanr tttighl ltave one foot on
tlte path.

Tire Danes clubbed out I7 lrits off of three RPl pit-
elrcrs enroute to a I6-6 thrashing of the Engineers.
yesterday on Troy High Scirool field. across the street
from the RPl campus.

In ternrs of respect. the Danes lately have been
treated almost as poorly as Rodney Dangerfield.
Albany State dropped four out of six games dttring
spritrg break as their record plurnrrretted to 4-9. But
yesterday. on a sttnbaked baseball dianrond in Troy.
evcrytlting seemed to come together. for the Danes —
the hitting. the fielding. and the pitching -— rrarrrely

Tom McCarthy. who pitclted six atrd two-thirds

brilliant innings of relief to pick up his first win of the
year. '

"We ltad otrr heads in the game." said tltird
baseman Howie Hammond. who lqu three hits. two
RBl's and two tvalks to keep his I aim-leading batting
average over .400. "It was otrr hest offensive perfor-
rrranee of the year."

The Datres are hopittg that yesterday's rorrrp will
serve as a confidence bttilder for this weekend‘s crucial
four game series against SUNYAC rival Oneonta — a
doubleheader Saturday at University Field and a
doubleheader Sunday at Oneonta. in the rttrlikely oe-
ctrr'rencc that the Danes sweep the four games. tltey
would be back itr the rttnning for a SUNYAC playoff
bertlt. Presently, Albany State’s conference record is a
disrrral 2-5-1.

Things didn't start off too protrrisirrg for the
\lsitors. liven before the game, tlterc were fatefttl signs
that this wasn‘t going to be Albany's day. llead Cottclr
lEd Zaioom was struck in the forehead by a hard-hit
littc drive while he was pitching butting pruettee.
Zaloom was not seriously hurt: he had a severe
headache bttt was able to coach the squad. Atul what
protrany rrrade Zaloom’s headache worse \'as the way
Rl’l opened up the game, scoring three rttrrs itr the first
on four singles.

After Albany cttt the margin to 3-2 irr the top of the
second. the Engineers proceeded to sctrd starting pit-

clter Mike Flynn to the benclt in the bottom of the inn-
ing by increasing the lead to 5-2 on a two-run double
hammered by Tim Albert. -

lrtto the contest for the Danes came McCarthy and
suddenly the Engineer offensive attack was stifled.
Mixing up his hard curve and fastball effectively. Me-

~Carthy baffled the PR! hitters allowingjust one rtrn on

four hits before being replaced with one out in the
nirttb.

"l was very pleased with his performance." said
Zaloom. who seemed in good shape following the
game despite a srrrall bruise on his upper forehead.
“Control was the main thing going for him. He threw
strikes. something our pitchers haven’t done for tts
lately." '

erilc McCarthy was hurling his masterpiece. the
Dane bats started to come alive. chipping away slowly
at RPl‘s lead until overtaking them in the fifth inning
on freshman Steve Antico's single that drove in junior
Mike Vosburgh. who had doubled.

The Danes never looked back after that. in the next
inning, Albany raised their lead to 7-5 on aid from two
wild piteltes. Dave Henncsscy led off the inning with a
walk and lie reaclted third following two wild pitches
thrown by Doug liladecki. RPl‘s third pitcher of the
day. He scored on a ttubbcr to first base hit by
designated hitter Joe Plrreell.

If the Dane offense production in the first seven ittrr-
irtgs was like scoring in steady droplets, their final two
irrrtirrgs they scored in tidal y'ttvcs. Nitrc Datres cros‘ ~d
the plate in the eighth and ninth innings as a close
heated battlc quickly ttrrrred into a laughcr.

"We got the hits when the runners were on base,"
said Zaloom. "Usually. we scatter the hits."

Hammond accounted for one of the timely hits
Zalootrr was referring to. in the eighth irrtritrg. the third
bascrrrarr knocked lrotne two runs when he cleared the
bases on a triple that bottrrecd one foot inside the right
field fotrl litre. The three-bugger scored Dave
Tlrelcrnan attd Bob Conklirr who had reached base on
back to back singles. .lcff McEachron then drove itr
Hammond with a litre single to cctrtcr.

in the ninth inning. Alharry erupted for six runs
sparked by a monstrous shot to ccrtter field by Antico
that would've endangered vehicles traveling on

26>

Albany netmen shutout Oneonta in subpar effort

By Dean Chan
:ISNUClul II \I‘Ult' I \ I Ill/UR

The Albany State men's tennis
team knew that they could play
under par and still hear ()ttcotrta. a
team short in taletrt. Yesterday's‘)-()
whitewashirrg proved that point.

After a two—week layoff. the
Danes needed to get a rrratclr irr to
return to their outstanding level of
play. With tough weekend matches
againsr Binghamton and Concordia
coming up, Oneonta would have to

0- .

“it was a good warrrr-trp match
for us." said Head Coach llob
Lewis. "We just played as well as
we had to. Considering that we
haven’t played for two weeks. l‘m
pleased with their performance."

Albany defeated Oneonta lrandi-
iy in the fail. despite turning irr a
subpar performance. Knowing that
Oneonta was such a bad learn
didn’t help the Danes get mentally
prepared.

“When you know that the oppos-
ing team isn't as good as us. it's
hard to get psyched," said Dave
Grossman. "Beating them doesn‘t
mean anything because we're sup-
posed to shut them ottt. It's a dif-
ferent attitude when you play so-
meone you know you should beat.
You go out there utrd instead of
playing to win. you play not to
lose."

Albany's domination of the Red
Dragons was so tltorouglr that the
Danes didn't lose a set. First singles
player Dave Ulrlclr set the tone for
the day by defeating Joel (iat-
chalian. 6-2. 6-2.

“l iust wanted to ltit the ball
hard." said eo-eaptairr Ulrich.
“This match loosened its tip after
the layoff, i didn‘t concentrate on
placing the ball at all.“

The second. third utrd fourth
singles positions have been filled by
Tom Selttrritl. Rob Karen and
(irossman. with each player trying
to move tip on the team‘s ladder via
challenge matches. Karen fought

off Crrossman to retain the third
position and then beat Sehmit/ to
take over the number two slot.

“I really think that you cottld pttt
any of the three of us in any order.“
said (irossman. the current fourth
singles player. "Rob‘s playing good
tennis right now. He beat rue and
tltcrr he beat Tommy. so he deserves
to be second. None of us will lose at
fourth singles. and probably not at

third singles either."

Karcrr heat Neil Hoyt by the score
of 6-l. 7-5. The second set was a lot
closer tlrart it should have been. due
to an apparent lapse of concentra-
tion on Karen‘s part. But when the
possibility of a third set arose.
Karen got down to business and
disposed of his opponent.

Making his first appearance at
third singles. Schmitz downed

 

T

 
  

r mate“ .' 

Ettch artlelt. urws ‘

Numbor 4 singles Dove Groumon woo vlotoriouo ovor Onoonto’e Mlt'li Buddlo. 7-6, 8-3. The can"
shut out the Dragons ovoroll. 9-0.

Adam Silbcr. 6-4. 6-4. At fourth
sitrgles. Grossman defeated Mark
Buddlc by the score of 7-6. 6-3.

“No matter lrow poorly i played.
I still would have beat hint.“ said
Grossman. “My mind really wasn’t
into the match. i knew that I
shouldn't lose to him."

Fifth singles player Milze Der-
mansky beat Mike Hughes. 6-3.
7—5. The match was not one of Der-
mansky's best efforts. “He's
(Hughes) alright." said Derman-
sky. “This wasn't one of my most
memorable matches." Sixth singles
player Jay Eisenberg overwhelmed
Onconta‘s George DioGuardo. 6-3.
6-l.

The ﬁrst doubles team of Ulrich
and Grossman waltzcd through
their match against Gatchalian and
Keith Studniek. 6-0. 6-l. The
Albany duo held their opponents to
less than to points in the first set“
and the game won by Oneonta was
a bit of surprise.

“We just wanted to get ottt of
there fast." said Ulrich. “We
wanted to prove to Oneonta that we
were a better team.“ Tire win kept
the pair in contention for a bid to
the Nationals.

Tltc second doubles cotnbitratiorr
of Karen and Schmitz topped
Onconttt’s entry of Buddle and
Hughes. 6-2. 6-2. The third doubles
tandem of Eisenberg and Mitch
Gerber overwhelmed the learn of
Silber and Diogttardo by the score
of 6-2. 6-0.

The win gave the Danes a 5-1
record. the only loss coming to Cor-
nell.

 

        

   
  

e.. . _‘.r-_.-._ .- . -SS-M+..._A-_-

l
l

.. H .p-wﬁnsdo—‘n w... .- .

 

 

VOLUME LXXI

By Jon Willmott

.‘rI.-tll It'RIII:'It
All the members of Student Association's
executive branch are taking pay cuts next
year as part of tire twist-85 budget which SA
President Rich Schat't'et' signed Monday.

A new, two-tiered stipend system has been
implemented with the President. Vice Presi-
dent, Cotttrollcr anti Central Council Chair
forming the upper tier amt earning $2,000 per
year. The Minority Affairs Coordinator. the
SA Media Director and Director of Student
Programming form the lower tier. carrritrg
$l.500. said Schal'ler.

This past year. all seven executives were
paid $2.250 for the year.

The basis for the new two tier systctrt was
that with the cveeption of the Cottncil Chair.
the ttppcr Iicr is legally resprrttsible and call bc
nanrcd in suits that involve SA.

“Until this year. we always picked stipends
haphazardly." said Sclrttffcr.

The one year old position of Off-Campus
Coordinator was eliminated front the upcom-
ing year‘s budget. because cottncll felt tltc
chair of the off-eatrrptts board of directors
could do the job.

The reasons for the cutbacks were
budegtary. said Sclrafl‘cr.

Newly installed SA Vice President Sit/.y
Attlctta said. "everyone took cuts and we
have to also. it is trrorc important to have the
job anyway."

A dispute ovcrnstipcnds arose earlier this
year after the Director of Sittdcnt Program-
rrrirrg was placed on the same level as the tip-
per tier members while the SA Media Direc-
tor. Minority Affairs Coordinator and Off-
Campus Coordinator. were not.

During a recent meeting. Central Council

  

ALBA

y .
STUD NT
PRESS

 

May 1 , 1984

NUMBER 22

  

 

 

granted back pay equaling that ol' SA's top
executives. to the Minority Affairs Coor-
dinator. the Media director artd the Off-
Campus Coordinator.

This was done. according to Sclral‘l'er.
because Director of Stttdcttt Programming
Richie Crolubow had already received his full
$2.250 stipend arid “l was ttot going to force
him to give back money.“

Minority Affairs Coordinator Vivian Val»
t|ltL'/. atul then ()ff-Catrrpus Coordinator
Sir/y Aulctta were originally stipcttcd at
“.175. and the position of SA Media Direc-
tor. which was held by libby Post until irr-
tcrccssiott and has been held by Stacey Young
since the. was originally budgeted at $| .675.

Vtt/qttcl. at last month's controrersittl
meeting. said she was to deal with racism
every time she walks into the SA ot‘t'icc.

Schal'l'er. who is up for rc-clcction, said
Monday that the charges are basically trtrc.
“When liddie Edwards, who is the black
presidctrt of ASUBA. walks into the SA ol-
l'icc people treat him differently than they do
Doug Kaharr of University Concert lioard."
Scltal'fer‘ said. Kaltatr is President of UCli.

Scltal'fcr also noted that Central Council
has usually been rrtadc up of a bite trralcs. atrd
tltis. Ire said, has rcsttlted itr fewer oppor-
tuttitics for minorities.

Attlctta. who was recently elected Vice
President. said wortrerr have the lowest posi-
tiotrs itr SA. She also said the controversy at
the Council meeting.“would out Jr:
to such proportions had (iolubow not been
pttt on the ttppcr level."

Stipcnds were decided last year. mainly by
a (‘otmcil stipend committee of six or seven
people artd then Council passed them without .._
14., Minoritv .‘if/

 

 

 

Minority Affairs Coordinator Vlvlan Vazquez

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS

' (‘uonlirrulor will now earn “.500 a year

SUN YA gets $5,000 grant to fight homophobia

By Aileen Brown

urtivcrsity cotrttntrrrity about homosexuality. according to

.smrr ii’RII'I;R
To combat ignorance of homosexuality. a Cltic'
research foundation has granted SUNYA $5.000 to establish
a gay and lesbian cetrtcr on camptts.
The one-time grant will be used for research and the
development of outreach programs on earrtpus to educate the

 

Dr. David Jenkins. progrutn director for Middle liarth and
associate Director of Residential Life for Student and Staff
Development. who will supervise the certter.

Activities for the cetttcr are scheduled to begin irrtrrrediatc-
ly and cotrtitrtte throughout the summer.

According to .lcnkirts. the Chicago Resource Center is a

 

 

   

   

luau-nun

 

st.-

 

 

tho first elections.

Center .

 

KENNY KIRSCH UPS

An estimated 800 students turned out to vote Monday. the that day at Student Association elections. On
the ballot is on SA presidential runoll between Rich Schallor and Tim Hallock. The Central Council elec-
tions tor Colonial quad and oil-campus are also being ro-run because the list oi candidates was incorrect In

SA elections commissioner Tom Busby reported that this week's elections have run smoothly so far. Polls
are open on Tuesday. the last day at elections. until 7 pm. on all live quads and until 8 pm. In the Campus

 

 

rese it foundation which works to develop awareness of
certain issues, including homosexual issues.

“The (Gay and Lesbian) center will prirmtrily focus on
research and educating the university cottrrrtutrity." said
Jenkins. “There is a lot of ignorance about the homosexual
cottrtrrurrity. We want to sensiti/c the heterosexual eorrrrnuni-
ty about the problcrrrs of lrorrtoscvttals‘ and the effects of a re-
jecting emitorrtrrcrrt orr tlrcrrr. and how a rejecting environ-
trrent limits human deu-loprrrcnt and growth." said Jenkins.

Instead of concentrating on tltc dcvclopmctrt of new and
increased serv s for the lesbians and gays. a major priority
for the center will be researching and developing new pro-
grams to educate members of the ttnitcrs-ity cotrrtrrunity. ac-
cordittg to Vice President for Student Affairs Frank Poguc.

“The grant was designcd to identify tltosc educational pro-
grams that are necessary. and to ratsc arid utrswcr questions
many students hate about gay atrd lesbian issues. it will foetts
on educational studies and commentary about those issues."
l’oguc said.

Assisting the center will be a lioard of student. faculty and
staff \oltuttccrs who will provide irrpttt and assistance in the
area of program dcrcloprrrcnt and research, according to
Jenkins. The volunteers. representing a broad spectrum of
campus groups atrd interests, will include heterosexual as well
as Irortttrscsrral trtctrrbers. Ire said.

" l'hc lioatd will combine people from various orgarri/a-
tiotrs representing the campus as a whole." Jenkins said.
“ They will assist in dcterrrrirtirrg the best approach for selec-
tirrg a director for the center, and also in dctcrtttittitrg tltc
focus and direction of the research and program develop-
ment." he said.

.icrrkirrs added that the rationale for selecting such a broad
dircctoratc was that sitrce the center will have an itrrpuct on
the ctttirc university. they wanted to irryolye as great a range
of orgatri/atiotrs as possible.

“We are workitrg with a very sensitive topic." explained
Jcrrkitts “a topic which rrratry people itr tltc university are
very sensitive to and fearful of. We felt it would be best to
have a very broad based group of people overseeing the
eetitcr. We wanted a Board that would be representative of
all the groups we are trying to reach. We hope that through ‘
their work with the eertter'it will encourage the participation
of the responsive groups." Jenkins added.

One of the campus-based groups which would be effected

‘ 514»

 

 

 

 

