 

    
  

   

-.

 

 

SPORTS

 

 

 

 

EL ASPECTS

,. ASPECTS
lPBODUCTlON '

PRODUCTION
BUSINESS
NEWS
SPORTS

BUSINESS
NEWS.

    
 

848 forested acres surrounding a 50 acre pond

 

. DIPPIKILL
SUN YA ’8 Recreational Campus
in the Adirondacks

 

‘ OPEN ALL YEAR

 

 

SASU to emphasize voting."

By Patricia Mitchell
comm IN CHIEF

Stressing that’a massive student voter tur-
nout is the key to student power. SASU
President Sue Wray said her orgahization will
focus heavily on voter concerns in the up-
coming year.

"Take any issue last year. if we had voted,
it would have changed it. It’s so, important
that we vote,” said Wray, the newly elected
president of the Student Association of the
State University.

The organization, Wray said, will work on
student voter registration, voter education,
and finally, voting. I *

SASU has scheduled an organizing con-
ference for later this summer to coordinate
student voting efforts state-wide. in addi-
tion, Wray said, SASU is planning to help in-
form student voters by distributing informa-
tion on incumbent candidatcs’ voting
records.

Wray said that students on ,ﬁve SUNY
campuses, including Albany, presently have
the right to vote in their college communities.

SUNYA students won this right in 1980.

Last November, SUNY'Oswego students
won a class action suit giving all students
there the right to vote in their college district.

The order was the result of an action in
which SASU Counsel Ronald Sinzheimer in-
cluded Oswego County in the legal suit filed
by SUNYA students four years ago.

This year. SASU will also seek on campus
polling places for state universities.

in last year's election on& two pollihg
places were located on the SUNYA campus
at State Quad and the gymnasium. Albany

Mayor Thomas Whalen it] decided to place a ‘

third polling place off-campus at‘,the
Thruway House after a new election district
was created. '

in other SASU action. Wray said the
group is working with its Third World
Caucus to design a plan to recruit more

minorities into SUNY and to assess their

needs.
ASU is also urging SUNY Central to
duest itself of financial ties to corporations
10>

Bus fee expected this Fall

By Beth Brlnser

would be expected to generate about $84,000
per year. “About half the monies will go

.«

  

‘ SUMMER.

  
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 

   
 

M “At

t

    

 

. A.:' 

 
 
 
 

 
  
 

  

; provide unsurpassed recreational opportunities for “’"”’"”“T”"

 

After a year of battling the possibility of a towards administrative costs," Schaffer said.

'the univeTSity community. fee for riding SUNYA‘s buses, student

 

 

 

 

 

' Are you interested?
Watch for the ASP interest
meeting this fall.

 

 

We have seven lodges with overnight capacities
from 4~ to 25 and campsites with picnic tables,
firewood and seclusion.

‘ For more detailed information and to make
‘reservations , visit room 116' in the Campus Center

SA FUNDED

 

 

 

 

 

SUMMER STUDENTS A
fOIN US

see-g

 

 

 

 

 

SCHOOL
DAILY

providing 3 daily A

'Adi‘rond‘ack '

Trailways '

 

schedules to

leaders say they may lose their fight.

in a May, 18, 1984 letter to SUNY Vice
Chancellor James Smoot, SUNYA- President
Vincent O’Lcary wrote, “I plan to move for-
ward with the initiation of a user fee (for the
buses). . . it is important that we get this fee
into effect this sumtncr so we can adjust its
administration before the Fall semester.”

The letter also stated that the fee will only
be charged to "those who are not living in
our downtown dormitories, or using the
downtown campus, or'studying interns."

The bus fee is "now an administrative
decision," according to SUNYA Vice-
President of Finance and Business John llar-
tigan.

But the fight is not over yet, according to
Student Association Vice President Suzy
Aulctta. “Rich (Schafi‘er, SA president) and
l have decided not to wave the white flag for
the administration," Auletta said.

No official anouncemcnt has hen made,
but Sehal‘fcr has said he believes the bus fee
could become a reality. I

“(Vice President of Student Affairs Frank)
Pogue will be sending letters to all
students. . . informing them of the fee,”
Schaffer said.

Neither P'oguc nor O’Lcary could he
reached for comment.

According to Sehaffcr, the fee will be $10

SUNYA’s Physical Plant Director Dcunis
Stevens declined to cotntnent on the possibili-
ty of a btts fce, saying the it would be “inap-
propriate” for him to discuss the issue at this
time.

Schul'fer said he believes tltc fee may be in-
stituted largely as u result of the findings of
the President's Task Force on University Bus
Service Alternatives. The Task Force, which
presented its rccommemiations to O‘Lcary
last December, cocludcd that a btts fee is
necessary to maintain “racsonablc access ”
to the University cotnmunity.

The Task Force's report has also been
reviewed by the University Budget Panel and
the Educational Policy Council of the
University Senate.

Schal'l'er said that the specifics of the fee,
such as how students will be charged and
whether tb University will use tokens or bus
passes have not been resolved.

Both Schal‘l‘cr amt Aulctta served on the
President’s Task Force on Bus Service Alter-
natives. They expressed opinions against the
fee in a minority report that was submitted
along with the Task Force's final recommen-
dations.

Auletta said that SA officials are consider-
ing several means of protesting a bus fee, in-
cluding a bus boycott, or encouraging
students to refuse to pay the fee.

“SA's end of the battle is not over yet,"

   

By Jane Anderson
AKSUCIA l'Iz‘ NEWS EDITOR

Several key New York State legislators are

currently drafting a bill which, if approved,
would cause SUNY student governments to
lose control of the funds for intercollegiate
sports. -

The bill would bypass a similar proposal
which is now under consideration by the
SUNY Board of Trustees.

Student leaders have called the bill an at-
tempt to “usurp Board power." The
legislature would not require Board of
Trustee approval to implement the proposal.

Both plans would allow the awarding of
grants-in-aide to student athletes, and could
mean a move to National Collegiate Athletics
Association (NCAA) Division 1 for some
schools, possibly including SUNYA.

Intercollegiate athletics are currently fund-
ed through eaeh SUNY school’s mandatory
student activity fee. Students pay approx-
imately $25 per year to fund the athletic pro-
gram, and the money is controlled by student

Legislative proposal could bringm
Division Isports to Albany Danes

tn the SUNY Board of Trustee’s proposal,
made last April, and in the bill being drafted
by the legislature. the athletic budget would
be administered by a board ofathletic con-
trol, made up of students and faculty. In the
Board of Trustees proposal, the athletic
board would be able to raise or lower the fee
by to percent every year. .

“We don’t like the legislature usurping
Board of Trustees power." said newly elected

' Student Association of the State University

- (SASU) President Sue Wray. She said that
she has the unified support ofSUNY student
governments in fighting the proposal, adding
that she didn‘t think the bill would pass the
legislature before the session ends in late
June.

Senate Higher Education Committee Chair
Kenneth LaValle, working with Assembly
Higher Education Committee Chair Mark

IAlan Siegel, has written a rough draft of the

bill, according to Educational Aide to
Senator LaValle Molly Gibson. ,

“Nothing is carved in stone," said Gibson,

   

    t    per semester or to cents per ride. The fee Aulcua asserted. H Igovemmcms' l 12> l
O

 

 

 

 

' /
s“ '
is“? . '

\ a o a . . tady, Saratoga. Columbia, and Greene coun- , u , H
ties are eligible and information and career named the- new dean of the School of SUNYA students may soonbe forced to uneqlll‘able for Students.
0 K F O R O U R H ‘ o  ' , counseling are available through the Division Criminal Justice at SUNYA announced pay a $25 per year damage fee to help cover , -
‘  5 1 8 3 for Continuing Education. university president Vincent O'Leary in late the costs of any vandalism to “common‘ In their memo they asserted thin the "mo.
6 H A G o N 0 N 'r H ,5 , ca 4'  1 May. areas" of dorms. such as lounges. cent would end up paying for the guilty and
' . - that the residence staff would have to become
P o D I U M - k    The school, which is part of SUNYA’s The fee. currently under consideration by “spies” and “secret agents” to report in- -

IMO

 

7  at the, -

 campus center ‘

 

ICE COLD SEVERAGES

WARM WEATHQR FARE

 

' -Hntuzrnltu Auxiliary 61mins Monarch

“MIN”

 

 

 

8:15am

fTOm' Albany

 

for Other schedules and fares

 

Veterans get grant

courses offered through the Continuing
Studies Program as well as specialized
courses at local community colleges.
Foundation president Robert Dallas said
that the program wants to emphasize profes-
sional development and career change.
Residents of Albany, Rensselaer. Schenec-

Sigma Xi, the Scientific Research Society,
recently awarded associate memberships to

 

two SUNYA graduate students.
The students honored are Santosh K.
Mishra of Orissa, india and Pantelis C.

thesis or report of an independent project.

New dean named

Terence P. Thornberry, former director of
the Research Center in Crime and Delinquen~
ey at the University of Georgia, has been

Rockefeller College, is considered the top
criminal justice graduate school in the coun-
try.

NewsUpdates ~    .. ..

In announcing Thorriberry's appointment l
O’Leary said,‘The School of Criminal Justice
has for some years been considered one of '

i D Kelires 0f Lama. 01”“ Who are how the premiere programs in the country. We are returned to students at the end of the year on
" i  @ @ [F 1 .4 5 m The Upstate Foundation of Vietnam students in the physics department. - delighted that Dr. Thornberry will be joining a pro rata basis.
if? 1 . ° p Veterans recently awarded a $30,000 grant to According '0 ROber! Dutlon. President or us as we enter a new era in the life of the The SUNY Board of Trustees approved
 ‘i ' ‘ ' , SUNYA which will enable Vietnam Veterans the university's chapter of Sigma Xi, the school.’ the fee at their May meeting, leaving it to the
 l L 1 G H T 5 A N D w I . . in the Albany area to take career related col- organization is dedicated to encouraging Thornberry is a sociologist with a discretion of each campus administration to
  Q C H S o  lege courses at a significantly reduced cost. research in the pure and applied sciences and specialization in criminology and has written determine whether the fee should actually be
'4 - The grant will provide 75 percent of the membership is awarded on the basis of ap- many articles and co-authored several books instituted on that campus.
5 A L A D B A R . [union costs to Vietnam-era veterans for ‘ titude in research demonstrated in a written on the subject.

The School of Criminal Justice, nationally
recognized for its excellence. is the model for
other graduate programs nationwide accor-
ding to a University Ne'WS release.

Damage fee studied

the SUNYA administration, would not be in-
stituted for at least one year, according to
Student Association ofﬁcials, who strongly

\

oppose the measure.
The fee would be charged at the beginning
of each year. Any unused funds would be

At SUNYA, according to SA president.
‘Rich Schaffer. University President Vincent
O’Leary has decided to spend a year explor- '
ing the ramifications of implementing the
damage fee. -

In the meantime. Sehaffer and SA Vice
President Suzy Auletta sent a memo to the
administration charging that the fee would be

eidents of vandalism.‘ This, they said, would
create unnecessary distrust and suspicion in
the dorms.

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

