-- Barker-ask“..- - '

 

s-u .. -.~’~W‘ ‘.

- vmmm.._-
.«immvN _.

_n-sr.’hqﬁ~u

.4. “Mata... m.

, .a 7.4. .-,....

,A..ﬂ a...» 

 
 

   

. fa ALéANv‘srUDJSNzPREs'J : FRIDA [MAY 4.

By Johanna Clancy

STAFF ll ’RITE‘R

i

"There are no women's rights ’In Jewish ‘

religion; there are no men's rights either;
there are no rights to demand anything. All
we have are ‘dos and don'ts‘ of Jewish
religion." Rabbi Harry Loewy asserted Tues-
' ‘day night. 4

Loewy. one of three speakers featured at
"Judaism and Feminism," forum. discussed
“The Yentl Syndrome: more light and less
heat." He explained that "Judaism is art ex-
pression of the relationship between a Jew
and his God."

Locwy asserted that a quotation by Leon
Roth. a British philosopher. helps him to
understand Judaism more fully.

Loewy said that the quote, "Judaism is not-

what some or all individual Jews happen. as a
fact. to do. It is what Jews should he doing
(But often not doing) as members of a Holy
People ." illustrates the approaclt that
should be taken when viewing Judaism.

A person must know what Judaism stands
for and what the priorities of the religion are.
Locwy added. speaking in a thick German
accent.

Loewy said that today. girls are "equally
welcome" as boys in Yeshiva. which is a
school of higher learning of the Jewish
religion.

Women in the audience questioned
Locwy's statement. asking if a woman
honestly receives as much encotirageriietit
when she attempts to join a Yeshiva as a tiialc
would. Loewy told the group he belieies that
women do.

Speaking on “Balancing Career and Fami-
ly.” thirty~one year old Judy Kohn. a mother
of two young children and a daughter of an
Orthodox Rabbi. said she believes a religious

Job market turnaround seen for 1984 graduates

lCULLLGE mess \ARIK'LI This spring's college graduates can
look forward to a job market that is “very improved" com-
pared to last year's gloomy employment scene. placement e.\- ed
perts report. but it's still nowhere near the booming market

of the late seventies and early eighties.

“There's a decided turnaround in the market and l tliitik
it's going to continue for a while." observied Victor Lind-
quist. placement director at Northwestern University and
author of the Endicott Report on nationwide employment It is “much, much better than l983." concurred Jack
Sliingleton. placement chief at Michigan State University and

vides career advice

trends for college grads.

SUN YA Center pro

Graduating seniors faced with finding a job might consider
paying a visit to SUNYA's Career Development Center.

Teaching students about job opportunities and how to
market themselves when job-hunting are the primary objec-
tives of the Center. according to its Director John W, Ales»

and er.

While the Planning Center does not include job place-
ment. students who get involved do get job leads. “ There's
no sure way to get a job" esplaincd .-\le\ander "and
therefore students must use any and all possible ways otl

fered."

The program is an cstcnsive one, and requires a good deal
said. it begins
With an orientation designed to inform students of the

of hard work and time from participants. he

ofﬁce‘s services and how to use them.

Following orientation there is an introduction to job
search techniques. This. according to Alexander. outlines 5
steps necessary to successfully ﬁnd a job. and the resources
available to help participants prepare for job searching after

graduation.

One point stressed by Alexander is researching a potential
ﬁeld of interest. “It all depends upon the individual" he
said. "Reading. interviewing and investigating
interest before you graduate are vital" he added

Sophomores and Juniors are advised to spend time on
career research away from the campus. “Begin research in
the library. and then go off-campus." he said.

“Learn how the job market works that you're interested
in" added Alexander. It is necessary to ﬁnd out exactly how
people get jobs in a speciﬁc ﬁeld of interest. he said. Par.
ticipants must also be open to change. “Early dreams often is designed primarily fo
die" said Alexander. “because they are unrealistic. Decisions ‘

your ﬁeld of

I984

, .

Jew can function as a professional. Religion
doesn't hinder one from a professional
career. she said.

Kohn. a monitor and overseer for tlte State
Office of Mental Health, said she has several
identities: mother. wife, and Jewish woman.

All are “gratifying btit nevertheless tirlng
at times." Kohn noted.

Judaism helps her balance her roles, she
told the audience. beeatise it gives her a
“sense of priority (and)... helps in shifting
gears from it hectic time of day to a qtriet
time."

“Being an observing Jew has helped the
develop a sense of balance in my life." she
stated.

She also said. itt response to a question
from an audience member. that though she
had encountered discrimination as a woman.
she has never felt she has'beeii discriminated
against for being a Jew.

Kolin said that there are occasional cott-
llicts between her career and religion.
"Sometimes I feel like working past the
o‘clock oil a liriday it' I‘m in the middle of a
big project."

She also coiiimentetl.“l would like to
spend more time with the kids. l don‘t have
sufficient time to give to my community."
she illst) llUlL'tl.

ller education as a child and young adult.
ls'oliri said. was structured not for a career.
htit iii prepartion for marriage.

listlicr (’Itanowitl. the wife of a rabbi.
opened her speech by saying. “If you educate
a man. you educate a man. If you educate a
woman you educate a family. children.
(and) a community," as well as the woman
herself.

She focused her topic.“Tlie impact of
Jewish Women on History." on the con-

l’engilly with the College l’l

“it's kind of nice after going through two successive years
of tailing activity to seejob offers coming back in." he add-

lndeed, the number of job offers made to the nearly one
million students who will graduate with bachelor's degrees
this spring is up about 3] percent nationally. said Linda
acemcnt Council (CPC). “It‘s a
big improvement over last year," she noted.

\

Rolei-ofvrnrogmen in Judaism, modern Irfe explored

Speaker at “.ludalsm and Feminism" to

P/tri'ine many roles Iii "grit/[ﬂing lllll never/Ire/t'si Ilrinr.l rrl limes. "

tributions Jewish women have tirade to
civiliratioii. (‘liunowit/ said that women are
known throughout history for three main
characteristic» self sacrifice, compassion.
and faith.

She empliasi/cd the importance of educa-
tion for women. “It is a terrible must,” she
stressed.

Clianow'itr drew an analogy between the

more offers

director.

Likewise. llJM will hire more grails ilt.:l luv mu. mitt!
spokesman Les Sabor. To fill the continuii' ‘Mtll'ill‘zll‘lL‘
this year. IBM recruiters are iisitiiii: ow “it «imi‘iN- i‘

 

John W. Alexander
"Learn how Ihejob marker works. "

for the future must be made realistically. They cannot be get it." he added.

unreal and contrived."

Richard Beckman. chairman of Beckman Associates. an
advertising agency which specializes in advertising.
marketing and public relations. advised students that in “this that “It doesn't ra
ﬁeld the individual has to knock on doors." He stressed the
fact that graduates must "market themselves." because of

the intense competition in many job ﬁelds.

Beekman also emphasized the importance of experience

 

beforejob hunting. “Em lo ers alw ‘ '-
said. “That's the name ofpth: game iiys want experience he

‘ way up." he said. adding that volunteer work
skills that are always necessary."

Alexander said he believes too many students leave the
university and fail to think they will need any help with job
searching. "They think somehow ajob will just be handed to
them" he said. “Most people don't do any research in the
ﬁeld they’re interested in. They don't know how" he said
"The Career Center can help." he added. ‘

Non-scniors are not turned away. he said, but the

r individuals who "need to ti " '
Just before graduation what they want in a ‘ nd om they

“Once you get over the fright. it becomes fasei
Beckman emphasized beginning in a small market. noting and

to be noticed " Once a '
h v. ‘ I. I . n tn-
ledLlal ts recognized. there is “much opportu

up." VStrong motivation. listening skills. driv
minarton are all essential traits in order to adv
H r r ' ' '

Show your employer your abilities." he advised.

ke too long

 

and starting

there's a
trim DREIFUS ups

employers h

you want to work your
“develops

The starti

reported.
Even for

Engineering

Nb and how to said.

director of another nationwide job mm krt ‘ilhl‘v
“We're seeing more employers coming ill to |lllt'l\it‘\\. llll-
lng cluotas are tip for all companies .ilmii' 'iit- pent-timid

General Motors' hiring needs “are ie.i|l\ up Int elmltI-II‘U
and we‘re looking primarily for Ullylllk’k'l'lll' .llltl i'illllnlilt"
science majors." said Walt Rolni. (ifit's collect iciriiitiiirii:

search of grads with technical skills. hi. . , moat». 
even some liberal arts graduates. he slid

A'l'ck'l‘. iii the wake of its rcceii' .l
“about the same" number of grads .i‘. v.1 i‘
to increase its job openings tllillll.lllc.lll\ i
there reported. _

The change will be welcomed.

Last year‘s market “was the with' I“ 1 Wm"
recalled lltL' cues Pengilly. “Hitch W l” ""i
bottom," Pengilly said.

Following the retortlvbreaking market» i" " - i“: “17:;

W.» t»

'lL‘S. when many graduates were gcttitig llliilli

.

in m" “‘5‘ “‘0 )‘ears employers lime ctttlccllcd ..iiiit‘l|* "1”"
"WW. ctit back on the number of job offer». and w“ W“
if any. incre
“Now the ‘84 grad has a much more Uplltlllsllt market ill
8° i"‘0." Pengilly said. “Things are still lt'slltllllt'tl. lull

   
  

tllill Datiruw;
rum.

relationship of martiuee llIil lllt‘ lt‘lilllilliill‘,"
of religion. One that not like cit-ruling '
about one‘s spouse. slli' s.|l«l. hut tho tlirn'r
give tip the martiuee. tlii -.irrie bruit»:

religion. There are tc'.\.iltl- .iiiil Ulli’lllul
learn to give in a little. sllt‘ explained.

The Flame and iv ttilh-t tit-spiritual
the presentation.

are being made." he reported

. r

 

 

 

.rti‘ltl .i with

 

salaries were incresing at 9th l.~

uses in starting salaries. slie explainsz

 

SENIOR WEEK '

984'  ~

 

SATURDAY MAY 12.
—

Great Adventure
Bus loot/o circle: 7am
Bus loan park: 9pm

amino 1

Due luvu circle taunt
Due luvu Hutton! 4:.”

Golf Tourney

Invu circle 8:30
leaves groan 5PM

 

SUNDAY MAY 13
#

Lake George
Hue luv. clrelo 6:30pm
Leave Lake George 11:30pm

Road ﬁll

your ticket no. Is your car no..
report to STA TE QUAD lot.
cars

1-20 9:30 am

21-40 10:15 am

41-60 11:00 am

61-75 12:15 pm

 

MONDAY MAY 14
_—

Canooln
Bus leave circle 6:30 am
Bus Ioavo River 5 pm

 

WT's, O'Hoanoy's, Irish Pub, skippers
drinking begins at 9 pm

 

SENIOR NIGHT AT THE BARS: Longbranch. LampPost.

 

Boston day

Bus loavo clrclo Bani
Bus leave Boston Midnight

Canooln

TUESDAY MAY 15

Bus leave elrclo 6:30 am
Bus leave River 5 pm

 

Halters
Shuttlo Buses begin at 9pm
Buses leave starting larn

 

Comedy Cabaret
Video Dancing

and

New York City's-
Hattast Comedians
8pm Campus
Center Ballroom

Montreal 08 TH

Bus leave circle 6:305rn
Bus leave Montreal Midnight

Montreal Overnight

Bus loavo circle 95m

Bus leave Montreal Noon
Atlantic City Ovagzlght

Bus leave circle m

Bus Ioava Atlantic City NOON

 

Boston Day Trlp
Bus leave circia' Bam

Bus leave Boston Midnight

THURSDAY MAY 17

Hudson Val/o Wino

Bus leave circle 1 lam .
Bus laavo W/nory 5pm

NYC Day 77,2

Bus leave circle ilam '
Bus loavo City 12:308m

 

 

subdued optimism that things M“ W“

improving."
The cC0n°tnic upturn. coupled with the lact th.ii tllilll)

ave deferred new hirings for the lust l\\0 M“-

means there are more openings for this yczlr'i lul‘ WW
MSU's Shingleton says.

"3 salaries being offered to this SWINE" glad"

howcvcrt awn" i"Illroving much. Salary offers are running
0"” l-tO-d percent over last year‘s stagnated levels. HP”

~ . . . , .r
hm maJors like engineering and mutt“m

science. salary increases are limping alone at two orlnrlc‘.
percent. according to Pat Sheridan. excclllllc ‘1”M" W I “

Manpower Commission (EMC).

"The": may be a turnaround. bitt salary inert-ascent:
program nowhere near what we saw in earlier years." he said, In lath.
. . . .r e

re no better than what we were seeing l.lsl .Hr'h

“a” l “lt's still an employers' market and the cilittli‘W" ’I‘I‘Ili?
. n o ‘ " - v , . . . . l in t‘
explore the ﬁeld you‘re interested in." Alexander said, 8 '1' Sam Penglll)’. “A lot of employers are lLlllll_L its

‘ - ~ . r' ; ‘5
ﬁnding a much more competitive attitude amon .L’J‘lu'“

. schedules."
“NY to move
e and defer-
ancci he said.

. . - . "ii
they're coming to campuses ivitli lull iiiitritt

she said.

Another reason for the virtual free/e on salat) “WWW Ii
"‘3‘ l~‘llntil0yvrs aren't anxious to repeat the slits olfw‘l‘“
years ago. when many graduates got starting stilziries that
often were higher than salaries paid to other t~tiit‘l”>"““ ‘ ‘

Wauwvm i

FRIDAY MAY 1§

,CLAMBAKE

  

Bring lD

Shuttle Busos Begin item
No cars allowed on prom/sos

It's sure to be a Clambake with Class!

Lake George Crulso

Bus leave clrcle 6:30 pm
Bus loava Lake George 11:30pm

Senate a Night at Flacris
Leave circle 6:53pm

Loavo Saralaga altar last race

 

 

Torch NIthd/no up in ﬁght ol the gym

at 6:15--processlonal begins

9pm PROMPTL Y. Wear graduation
gown. Reception Io iollow an
pod/um.

 

 

SUNDAY MAY 20

Graduation: Sunday May 20

Graduation:

lpm on the University llold.
Begin lining up at the gym
at noon.

 

No alcoholic beverages will be permitted.

Good Luck
Class of 1984 Council

 

 

. ‘_   ,_V,.,,,,,,.___l._‘.“5.-m
“was:awmmwwmmvmmmamw (waﬁdiaibamwdaumw nu“
.

On bolts]! ol the class at 1994, we wish everyone succcoss,
and happiness in all at your endeavors.

P.S. Mark your calendar for 1989

 

FRIDA v MA v 4. 1984 qvAI-PANY STUDENT”??? 9‘ ‘ . , >

 

 

 
 

