NOVEMBER 2, I984

Leffe finishes strong in State Championships

By Perry Tlschier
STAFF WRITER

If there were ever a distinct parallel to
the Dane netwomen’s season, it was this
year’s State Championship. A tournament
marred by bad luck and flashes of
greatness were all too familiar to Coach
Jim Serb’alik’s 1984 edition of the Albany
State women's tennis team.

The ﬂashes of greatness came in the
form of number one singles Debbie Leffe,
who went further than any Dane had gone
before. The seventh-seeded Leffe got a bye
in the first round and faced Alfred's
number two singles, McDaniel in the se-
cond round. Leffe made short work of her
in a strong 6-2, (5-1 win.

The third round pitted Leffe against
Rochester institute of Technology's‘(RlT)
number two singles Tamler. A fine perfor-
mance was turned in by Leffe as she over-
came Tamler, 7-5, 6-4 to advance into the
semiﬁnals. Unfortunately, the number one
seeded Pam Thompson was her next oppo-
nent. Skidmore’s number one player had a
tough battle, but finally» took Leffe 7-5,
6-3 in a thrilling confrontation .' Thompson
went on to win the whole tournament.

Leffe's work was far from over. in the
consolation rounds, Leffe wreaked havoc
and advanced to the ﬁnals. Her first victim
,was the number ninth seede Payne of RlT.
in a tough three-set confrontation, Leffe
overcame Payne, 6—4, 3—6, 6-4.

Next, Leffe sought revenge on Skidmore
when she faced number eight seed.
Carolyn Spellman. In a resiliant effort,
Leffe fought back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-4 vic-
tory that catapulted her to the finals. Un-
fortunately, Leffe ran into her old
nemesis, Bonnie Loedel. The number two
seeded Binghamton star ended Leffe's
reign of- terror with a 61, 6-2 thrashing.

Coach Serbalik was quick to throw
heaps of praise on his singles star. “Debbie
had just a great, great tournament. i think

' that was the furthest any Albany player

had ever gone. it was just a tremendous
effort." '

The unseeded Geri Chiodo, Albany’s
numberrtwo singles, ran into a tough draw.
Despite the bad luck, Chiodo fought ad-

mirably as she disposed of Hamilton’s
number two singles player Wise, 6-2, 6-0 in
a strong showing. in the second round,
Chiodo fought lthaca’s number one
singles Packer in a three-set battle. Chiodo
moved on to the third round after topping

LUCKEV UPS

Ellen Van sets up for a two-listed backhand. She and Nina Cheung were deieaied
8-1, 6-1, by Blnghamton'e Valerie Villa and Mary Vernon. .

Packer (7-6, 6-3, 7-3).

As Albany luck would have it, Chiodo
had to face third seeded Laura Parker of
Vassar. Chiodo's luck had rttn out.
Vassar’s number one singles player took
her, 6-3, 6-3.

in the consolation round, Chiodo
bounced back to take lthaca‘s number two
Green, 6-i, 6-2, contintuing to surprise the
tennis coach as she has done all season.
However, eighth-seeded Carolyn Spellmun
stopped Chiodo, 6-3, 6-2 to end Albany’s
singles attack for 1984. Leffe and Chiodo
combined to win seven out of ten matches.

The Dane doubles didn't fare as well its
their singles counterparts. Albany‘s top
Dane doubles duo Ellen Yun and Nina
Cheung had to face the number two seeded
Valerie Ville-Mary Vernon combination
from Binghamton. The Colonials‘ duo
blew Yun and Cheung out 6-i, 6-1.

Yun and Cheung did no better in the
consolation round as Kelly Lambert and
Betty Dyatte of Hamilton thrashed them
6-4, 6-3.

“in this tournament, the draw of the lot
can knock you out before you even play,"
remarked Serbalik. This was apparent as
the newly formed team of Nancy Forbes
and Lisa Valins fell to the Hartwich team
of Bostick and Gamer, 6-4, 6-0.

The consolation round was just some
additional salt to this double wound as the
Fredonia tandem of Termant and Deluea
took Valins and Forbes, 6-2, 60 leaving
the total of Albany’s doubles wins at zero.

it might not be a Grand Slam win or
even a single Davis Cup, but for this gritty
group. this will do just fine. Fighting in-
juries, academics, and various other per-
sonal committmcnts, the squad was slowed
down and held back from reaching their
potential.

However, they still achieved many goals
and gained valuable experience for the spr-
ing season. [i

Buffalo’s air attack still potent without Barrett

By Marc Barman
spans canon

Former Buffalo University quarterback
Marty Barrett is now an assistant coach
somewhere in the state of lllinois, but
“Dando's Airforce" is still gunning down
opponents through the air. .

Barrett quarterbacked Buffalo for four
glorious years. breaking every passing
record in Bulls’ history. Following last
year's graduation, he was invited to tryout
for theyNFL’s Buffalo Bills, but was out
two weeks into training camp. There were
no other offers so Barrett chose to become
an assistant coach at a small college in
lliinois.

There was speculation that without Bar~
rett, “Dando's Airforce" (the nickname
given to Coach Bill Dando's pass-oriented
offense) might be temporarily grounded.

' But that has not been the case this season.

LaSt year's backup.Ken Hyer, has stop-
ped into the quarterbacking role and has
done superbly. completing 57 percent of
his passes for 1403 yards. He has also ac-
cumulated nine touchdown passes in eight
games.

Tomorrow afternoon, the Bulls will
showcase their potent aerial attack as the
3-5 Albany State Great Danes battle Buf-
falo University on University Field.

The Danes are recovering from their
most heart-wrenching defeat of the season
- a 35-32 loss to sixth-ranked Hofstra.

According to some of the players, some ‘

positive things did come out of the last-
minute defeat to Hofstra. The Danes prov-

ed to many observers and themselves that
their below .500 record doesn't accurately
reﬂect the quality of their squad.

“Going into the Hofstra game we
thought we were a good team,” explained
wide receiver John Donnelly, who was a
key force in the game. "This week we'
know we have a good team.”

As has been the story throughout the
season, freshman quarterback Jeff Russell
is not completely fit. He went into the
Hofstra game with a bruised side and
walked off the ﬁeld Saturday in. more
severe condition.

Russell was unable to practice Wednes-
day or Thursday, but Coach Ford says he
should be ready by gametitne.

"He’s only played two games healthy,"
said Coach Ford. “He's still a young kid
and he’s still skinny. l'il tell ya. his skin is
close to the bone."

Fullback Dave Soldini will enter tomor-
row's contest coming off yet another 100
plus performance. The fullback from
Staten island has compiled 765 yards, and
with two games remaining, he has a

legitimate chance to break the iOOO-yard.

plateau along with the Danes' all-time
rushing record of 1,009 yards.

“i always knew he'd be a great football
player," said Ford. “He's had some
outstanding games for us this year.
especially the last few games.”

Part of the reason why Soldini has been
piling up the yardage is because of the fan-

‘ tastlc blocking from the right side of the
offensive line. John "The Sawman"

 

Sawchuck and Tom Jacobs have been
mauling opposing defensive lines. especial-
ly the last four weeks.

The Bulls pro-set offense should pose a
threat to the Dane's secondary, which were
collectively burned on two touchdown

1“ . ,—

passes last week.

Safety Wayne Anderson provided ade-
quate coverage on the game~winning
touchdown receptionI but he feels he could
have done more.

LUCKIV UPS

Dana Melvin on In for a touchdown in an earlier ame this aees . I
host the But alo Butte Saturday on University Fleiit. 0" The on“ w"

'34:," coverage ofthe SUNYA vote; national elections

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK_AT iALBANY BY THE ALBANY. 5

.VOLUME LXXI

 pAoBfa‘

TUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

Wednesda,

ALBA
STU T‘
PRE

November 7, 1984'

.NUMBER 37

 

 

Reagan prevails in landslide

Mandale carries Minnesota as Pres. captures 49 states

President Ronald Reagan

Second term goals are “strong economic growth without inflation and to keep America
I.

strong.

ASSOCIATED PRESS

Washington, D. C.
(AP) Ronald Reagan swept to a 49-stute
runaway re-eleetion over Walter F. Mon-
dale Tuesday night, but Republicans strug-
“‘gled to translate hs conservative landslide
into significant gains in Congress. The
president won every state but Mondale's
Minnesota.

The victoriou president told cheering
supporters in Los Angelcs, “Our work isn'
finished, there is much there to be done.‘
He said his second term goals were "strong
economic growth without inflation and to
keep America strong," adding he hoped to
rcducenuclear weapons and “ultimately
ban them from the earth cntirclyﬂ’

“You ain't sen nothing yet," the presi-
dent said in echo of a campaign refrain.

With 82 percent of the nation’s precints
counted, .Reagan had 59 percent of the
vote to 41 for Mondale - a margin of more
than to million ballots.

Mondale conceded defeat, telephoned

V his congratulations to Reagan and told
'-cheering supporters in St. Patti, Minn..
“He has won. We are all Americans; he is
our president and we honor him tonight."

Democratic running mate Geraldine
Ferraro phoned Vice President George
Bush, who praised his Democratic oppo-
nent - drawing sortie jecrs from his
Houston supporters. “She campaigned
hard. She was a strong opponent," Bush
.said.

Republicans held the Senate. Democrats
renewed control of the House, but by a
reduced margin.

Sen. Jesse Helms won a bitterly con-

tested fight in North Carolina, but fellow
Republican Sen. Roger Jepson lost to Rep.
Tom Harkin in lowa. in lllinois, Foreign
Relations Committee Chairman Charles
Percy was trailing Democratic Rep. Paul
Simon. .

Democratic Sen. Walter Huddleston
was defeated in Kentucky by Mitch Mc-
Connell, and another Democratic incum-
bent, Carl Levin, trailed Republican
challenger Jack Lousma in a long, late
count in Michigan.

The presidents victory was predicted by
all the polls, bttt impressive even so. He
and Bttsh came close to the 50-state sweep
they sought as Mondale won the District of
Columbia, garnering three electoral votes,
and claimed victory for Minnesota’s l0.

Reagan won the other 49 states with 525
electoral votes. in the Associated Press
count, the electoral votes of South Dakota
pushed his total past the 270 majority
mark. Television networks for .tst the
landslide between 8 pm. EST and 9 pm.

Ms. Ferraro hailed Mondale in remarks
from New York City. saying he had won
another battle - “That battle for equal op-
portunity...he opened a door that will
never be closed again" by naming her the
first woman on a national ticket.

“There is absolutely nothing not to be
proud of," site said as the returns were
counted. “No one should sited any tans."

Sen Paul Laxait, Reagan's campaign
chairman, said, “We’ve got at least a
reasonable chance to have the most
historic landslide in all American history."

7»

Albany Dems sweep l0cal contests

By Michelle Bustier
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Local Democrats renewed their strength
in Albany, Tuesday, sweeping all area con-
tests, despite a Republican landslide in the
presidential race.

Four of the five Democratic victors were
running for re-election to offices they
already held.

in the Congressional race, Democratic
incumbent Samuel Stratton got i04,300
votes, 'defeating Republican Frank Wicks
by almost 33,000 votes, leaving Socialist
Workers Party candidate, Richard Ariza
trailing with 414 votes.

Democrat Howard Nolan held his posi-
tion in the state Senate by a two to one
margin over Republican candidate Joseph
Frangella.

Nolan, a strong supporter of a 21-year
old drinking age, said his victory proves
students support him in spite of that
position.

Nolan said his success did not come as a
surprise. His opponent, he said, “is a
liar." He didn't bring this up during the
campaign, he explained, because he felt it
would be inappropriate. But, Nolan said,
“my opponent based his campaign on
lies."

in the state Assembly race Democratic
incumbent Richard Conners drew 42,!“
votes triumphing over Republican oppo-

nent Paul Silversteit. .4 a margin of 29,000
votes.

The Albany County Judicial races were
also dominated by the Democrats. John
Turner, appointed by Governor Mario
Cuomo earlier this year to replace a retir-
ing judge, was elected to the County Court
judgeship garnering 85,220 votes while his
Republican challenger Steven Gates drew
42,384 votes.

“1 think i ran pretty hard.” said Gates,
“but i was running against a pretty heavy
tide."

in the Family Court judicial race,
Democrat Anthony Cardona beat out his
Republican challenger Dennis lrwin by
more than 40,000 votes.

“Student voters did affect the election,"
Cardone said, explaining, they “showed
their appreciation for my committmcnt to
family court."

Before any election results were in,
Albany County Democratic Party Chair
Leo O'Brien predicted Democrats would
do very well in Albany County. “i don't
expect any surprises." said O’Brien.

After making rounds in towns and in
wards all around Albany County O'Brien
said he found that every polling place had
a heavy turnout. “Normally a heavy tur-
nout is in our favor," he asserted.

Once the election results were in. 300
local Democrats gathered at the Albany

 

Senator Howard Nolan

Said his success did not come as a surprise.
Thruway House to celebrate the victories,
pausing only to listen to Walter Mondale
concede the presidential election.

Bill Cunnigham, upstate coordinator of
the MondaleFerraro campaign said the na-
tional campaign “did not affect the local

races, because everyone knows them (the

Democratic candidates) as neighbors."
“This is a good area for Democrats.”
said Cunnlghnm. Albany, Buffalo, and
,New York City are areas Democrats can
20>

 

