 

 

 

 More Than

by John Keenan

he Omen almost made it. It fell

short quite early on, of course,

when Damien’s nanny jumped
off the roof with a noose around her
neck and hung there (the camera drink-
ing it in) for a good five or six seconds.
That was a mere 15 minutes into the
ﬁlm.

But throughout The Omen (which
featured, among other things, an im-
palement, a decapitation, and Lee
Remick being thrown out of a very
high hospital window), it was close.
The sense of suspense, the tight camera
work and tightly plotted storyline, even
the musical scoring combined to make
it a good horror ﬁlm. Suspenseful.
Scary. Classy, even.

The Omen was a throwback, a flaw-
ed but nevertheless appreciable
throwback to earlier, even the earliest,
horror ﬁlms. , *

The good ones.

lt’s ironic that The Omen,one of the
best (if not the best) horror ﬁlms in the
. past ten years was responsible for the

disgustingly bad excuses for horror‘

ﬁlms that the public is subjected to
. ‘ ' now. For it was the creative deaths of

' The Omen (Tassone's impalement,
Jennings’ decapitation, Mrs. Baylock's
knife through the skull) that spawned
what was to become the dominant
facet of today’s horror movie industry
- the chop n' slash quickies best
characterized by Friday the Thirteenth.

The horror ﬁlms of today are a far
cry from both their progenitors of the
‘70's (which include, basically, The Ex—
orcist, The Omen, and Jaws), and

what was considered a horror ﬁlm in
the thirties.‘ Today’s horror ﬁlm,
ostensibly thrust into the public eye
with Friday the Thirteenth. has three
major characteristics:

1)Lots ,of bloody, violent death by
unusual means (the drill in Driller, for
example), with the camera rarely look-
ing away-

2)A little bit of feigned,
sophomoriﬁc “sex” in every ﬁlm, with
one or both of the participants usually
dying soon after-

3)Little or no plot, with a reason be-
ing given only very rarely for why so
many people are being killed (and
then, it’s usually a very stupid reason)-

When Friday the Thirteenth was
ﬁrst relased a few years ago, it was
critically panned immediately.
However, word of mouth (that _ is,
mouths of 15-19-year-olds) had it that
the movie was the scariest in recent
years.

On seeing the ﬁlm for the ﬁrst time,
a horror fan would probably be amaz-
ed that there were so many people call-
ing this drivel frightening. .Gross, cer-
tainly. Funny, too. But frightening?
THE most frightening ﬁlm people had
ever seen?

And Friday the Thineenth's biggest
crime was not that people were actually
calling it frightening (which was almost
an insult to anyone who’d ever had any
part in the making of a good horror
movie) but that it immediately spawn-
ed a rush of imitators, which we are
still enduring now, almost six years
later.

The Evolution

Happy Birthday To Me, Mortuary,
My Bloody Valentine...the list is
endless. Not to mention parts II, III,
and IV of the original Friday the
Thirteenth. . a

If people (and by people I mean peo-
ple our age, who comprise the largest
audience for any horror ﬁlm) found
this crap frightening, a lot had changed
in this generations expectations of a
horror ﬁlm.

The horror ﬁlm was born back in the
early days of the silents. Georges
Melies, the Frenchman also credited
with pioneering the science-ﬁction
ﬁlm, was one of the men most respon-
sible for the blossoming of the silent
horror film. However, while Melies’
early science-ﬁction ﬁlms,'such as A
Trip To The Moon, can be traced back
as classics of the genre, his horror ef-
forts, “largely composed u of trick
photography and dealing with demons
and devils, were more of a foundation
than anything else. It is in Melies' early
work that the seeds of most of the
great horror ﬁlms ~Chaney's makeup,
Browning's use of settings and moods
in the thirties, and even the demons
and Devil of The Exorcist and The
Omen nearly a century later - lie.

ln the early days of the silents. the
horriﬁc element was largely visual, to
an even greater degree than it is now.
Like Melies’ trick camera work,
Chaney’s makeup was a new ex-
perience, and unpleasant enough (in a
pleasant way) to insure him a genera-
tion's reign as “the King of Horror."
For the most part, it was the newness
of the medium, and the fact that au-
diences of the time could not be jaded

*ffw'we w u... “for .............“4.91%.”...“ma-,L _

 

(a large advantage) that managed to
turn the slow and somewhat silly Phan-
tom of the Opera that audiences see to-
day into something that would give a
child of the “20’s severe social
problems.

This emphasis on visual horror is
also evident in 1922’s Nosferatu, rais-
ing the interesting theory that au-
diences in the ‘20’s found their horror
in the makeup, while today’s audiences
ﬁnd theirs in the gore. However, even
in the choppy Nosfe ,ni, there is a
sense of suspense tha is nurtured by
the director that today’s ﬁlms seem to
regard as unnecessary.

In the thirties, horror movies found
their home at Universal Studios. With
193] '5 release of both Dracula and
Frankenstein from the studio, Univer-
sal found itself holding the reins on the

horror ﬁlm. It was in this year, with "

these two ﬁlms, that the so-called
“Golden Age" of horror ﬁlms actually
peaked, even as it began. There are
perhaps ﬁve other ﬁlms which follow-
cd Draculaand Frankenstein that could
in any way be compared to them -
Mile of Frankenstein and King Kong
are two good examples. The rest of the
“Golden Age" is more or less compris-
cd of a number of smaller, cheaper ef-
forts that rushed in to ﬁll the demand
that Dracula and Frankenstein created,
in a way very similar to the way that
Mausoleum, Evilseed and their ilk
rushed in to ﬁll the demand created by
The Exorcist and The Omen. Again,
although it may be hard for people
who watch the ﬁlm today to unders-
tand, it must be stressed that in it’s
day. Dracula was fully as frightening
as The Exorcist was; there was a train-
ed nurse at showings of Dracula. just

as there was at The Exorcist 43 years
later.

Universal's era of horror films,
although attractive in hindsight and
undeniably superior to today’s market,
is more a fond remembrance of movie
buffs than it was an actuality. What
gives the term “Golden Age” it’s
credence. however, is not the four or
ﬁve classics of the period, but the fact
that in those days, the art of horror
ﬁlmmaking was still being explored.
The use of shadow, suspense - the
ability to tease the audience before
frightening them - all these things were

. just being learned. And, crude as they

look today, it was these ﬁlms that
broke the ground, that made an ex-
cellent horror ﬁlm possible. '

It’s doubly ironic that in 1931, with

(Dracula and Frankenstein, horror

movies had a rebirth, a rebirth that
would eventually lead to The
Wolfman, The Bride of Frankenstein,
Freaks, Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde and
King Kong, for in the late seventies,
with the arrival of The Exorcist and
The Omen, when interest in horror"
movies had peaked again, there was no
gradual slope down into very bad
movies - what followed The Exorcist
and The Omen were bad movies, and
they followed with apalling speed and
numbers.

One of the reasons for this might be
that the general calibre of The Exorcist
- one of the most famous horror ﬁlms
of all time - is greatly inferior to the
general calibre of, say, Dracula. Part
of the reason for this may have been
the shock value of The Exorcist. Hail-
ed as one of the greatest hr rror ﬁlms of
all time, The Exorcist is primarily ef-

WW F.—

 

Of The Horror Film

fective due to it’s shock value.
Although the ﬁlm adhered to the
basics of classical horror - effective
buildup of suspense, reasonably strong
plotline, and fantastic use of the
shadowy camera work —' all that is
blown into oblivion by) the image of
Linda Blair puking pea soup into the
kindly priest’s face. That special effect,
one could say, deﬁned the next ten
years of horror ﬁlmmaking.

This is why the rash of ﬁlms that
followed was so poor. The ﬁlmmakers
behind each saw the effectiveness of
The.Exorcist solely in the terms of
strong language, ugly makeup, and
gross special effects, and each director
patterned his movie accordingly.

The Omen did even bigger damage
to the endangered species of good hor—
ror' ﬁlms. Although the movie itself
was one of the best ever (better than
the Exorcist by quite a bit), the pattern
the ﬁlm set up of giving the audience a
set of characters and then knocking
them off one by one by innovative,
though disgusting, means was an at-
tractive one to emulate. . .especially
after the ﬁnancial success of The Omen
proved such an idea proﬁtable.

Today's horror audiences have come
to expect what Friday the Thirteenth
and it's clones give them. . .blood. .
What must be remembered is that gore
in itself will not make a scary movie,
merely a disgusting one. The hope of
horror ﬁlmmaking lies in recent movies
like Poltergeist and An American
Werewolf In London - moviesthat
have learned how to combine the gore
the public expects with the art that
Universal and it’s peers created in the
thirties. The art of suspense. 0f shock.
Ofshadows. 0f humor. The art of hor-
ror ﬁlmmaking.

;

 

 

 

 

