 
 
  
 

  
   
   
  
   
  
   

   
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 

 

.
i
r,
r

(r
5:
f:

E

:44

 

mmv—wmﬂ.-n .

~> 34g!AihANv'sruDENr'PRESS D FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2,1981 "

—,-—StateWide Reforenda—

Terms of Sheriffs and County Clerks

Shall Article XIII, section l3, subdivision a of the Constitution which provides that
Sheriffs and County Clerks shall be elected once in every three years and whenever the
occurring of vacancies shall require, be amended (1) to omit those provisions and (2) to
allow the Legislature to set the terms of office of Sheriffs and County Clerks in each
county at either three or four years? Vote yes to approve the amendment. Vote no to re-

ject it. *

The Constitution provides for the election of sheriffs and county clerks every three
years and whenever a vacancy occurs. If approved, this amendment would allow the
NYS Legislature to set the terms for these offices at either three or four years and
eliminate’the requirement for’special elections.‘0ther parts’of the Constitution provide
for appointments to fill vacancies and limit the period of such appointments to a max:

imum of l3 months.

ofﬁcials to d _

  
 

' In'support: Lgpger terms would provide more continuity to these ofﬁces and allow the
plop more expertise. Special elections are costly and not needed in this

In opposlti .2 ith longer terms these ofﬁcials could become less accountable to the

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 

to raise by la‘ bse monetary limits.

,  l elections are not held, appointments to ﬁll these vacancies would
' a , decisions without the participation of citizens. .

Certain Gaines of Chance .

.' ~ Section 9, subdivision 2 of the Constitution, which sets monetary limits
. in games of chance, be amended to allow the Legislature to change
' yes to approve the amendment. Vote no to reject it.

e in religious, charitable, and non-profit organizations are permitted to
chance, e.g., bingo. lotto. roulette. rafﬂes, etc. The Constitution re-
le'prize can exceed $250 and no series of prizes on any one occasion
1,000. If approved, this amendment would allow the state Legislature

In support: 'I‘ rese organizations depend on games to support their work. The limits could
be raised to’keep up with inflation and to make participation more attractive.

In opposition'10amcs ofchancc are a form ofgambling. encouraging those who can least
afford to spend their money. Gambling should be discouraged and not encouraged by in-

creasing the size of the prizes.
.

“‘ ""‘ ‘“‘ ’"  m"

‘..
. .. -

. ... p....
’1"- n’fa-v‘vatg‘
,. unit" 1‘ 4‘. ...

 

 

By Ian Clements

SUNYA students can vote in Albany
on November 6, but whether students
who are not permanent Albany residents
can vote in Albany in the future remains
uncertain. as a result of two conflicting
federal court decisions announced this
month.

U.S. Northern District Court Judge
Neal McCurn's October 9 ruling
guaranteed to students the right to vote
in their college community. Since
Albany is located in the Northern
District of New York, the ruling applies
to SUNYA students.

However. a judge from the Western
District. Michael Telesca. ruled against
students in a similar case. 'T‘clesca’s deci-
sion. announced October 18. applies to
the Western District. therefore it does
not directly affect SUNYA students.

The Telesca ruling could indirectly af-
fect Albany students. according to Stu-
dent Association _Attorney .Mark
Mishler. If the McCurn decision had
been the only federal court ruling on the
issue of student voting rights the New
York State government may have infor-
mally applied it to not only the area
covered by the Northern District, but to
tile entire state, Misltler said. Since there
are two conﬂicting decisions, the state
would 'contradict the ruling of one judge
if it applied the decision of the other
judge throughout the state.

 

The polling place. saga

.enabled SUNYA students to vote in

As the situation stands now. however,
SUNYA students who have registered to
vote at their, school address can vote in
their school community.

McCurn ruled in Auerbach vs. Kinlcy
that Section 5-104 of the New York
State Election Law. 'which states that
students neither gain nor lose their
residence when they move to attend
school. is unconstitutional.

This means, said Mishler. that a stu-
dent can declare his college address to be
his voting address.

In another part of the ruling, McCurn
stated that local election boards could
not interpret a section of the election
law which defines residence as “fixed
and permanent" in a manner that
discriminates against college students.

SA had obtained a temporary injunc-
tion from McCurn in October I980 that

Albany. McCurn had issued that injunc-
tion for the Auerbach vs. Kinley case.

The case later became a class action
suit, in which all New York State college
students would be affected, .said
Mishler.

According to Telesca’s ruling. the
Monroe County Board of Elections can
require college students to attend a hear-
ing to determine their residency before
allowing them to vote locally. Students
must prove residency before they are
allowed to register to vote in a particular
area. stated Telesca.

 

 

 

 

W Whose—Lam
Colonial Thruway House
State Flag Room
Indian Gym

if you’re supposed to vote at St.
Margaret’s, but your card says the
Thruway house, go to the Thruway House.

If you have any problems or questions,
call SA at 457- 7777, or the Board of Elec-

 

WE WOULD LIKE TO
ACKNOWLEDGE THE
ASSISTANCE OF
SUNYA'S NYPIRG STAFF

 

 

 

 

 

North DutCh Saint Margaret Mary’s Hons] a, “5,75% IN COLLECTING DATA
South Dutch Gym ON THE LOCAL
Off-Campus Wherever your card tells you to CANDIDATES
 with Reagan‘s acclaimed peace iniativc errors. Though this plan was cffcctivé. it is This is negative if one dislikes the results
' > ‘ proposed hopes were high for peace in this debatable whether or not it was ari ethical and positive if one agrees with him This
CONTINUED FRQM PAC-EIS \ troubled region. Soon afterward things use of American powcr. abilitiy has gotten him the title of the

Social Issues:

On social issues'Prcsidcnt Reagan has
spent more energry feeding the far-right
rhetoric than pushing their programs
through Congress. Reagan supports a con-
stitutional amendment against abortion
and voluntary prayer in school. yet he has
not expended any political capital on get“
ting‘them acted upon. He is against the
ERA and against the use of quotas as a
method of rectifying past injustices. He
has changed the argument of the civil right
commision to' meet this aim.

The appointment of Sandra O'Connor
to the Supreme Court made her the first
women on that court. It should be pointed
out that his record of appointing
minorities and women to lower levels of
government has been poor.
Foreign Involvement:

The U.S. involvement in the Mid East
and Central America has many concerned.
After the Camp David Peace Process and

Cardona

CONTINUED FROM PAGE as

must have "a thorough knowledge" of the
entire process. This includes. he said.
knowledge of the social services human
services, and youth bureau services that
are available.

“My committment (to family court) was
made to years ago.” Cardona said, ad-
ding. “in my opinion its the most impor-
tant court in the state of New York."

He explains in his campaign leaﬂet.
“Family court is a most important trial
court because it deals with children and
parents in a time of crisis."

Among his qualifications. Cardona lists
his experience as a trial lawyer in Supreme
and family courts and as a law guardian in
Albany County family court.

Den nis. lryliin
Republidan

went wrong. Israeli troops invaded
Lebanon and Palestinians were
slaughtered by Lebanese Christians. The
U.S. sent troops in to stabilize the region
and after 241 U.S. Marines died the U.S.
left with Syria gaining much power in the
region.

Reagan‘s peace plan was dead though
largely through events out of direct U.S.
control.

After much controversy about covert
aid and American troops in the region.
Central America is looking better. A
democracy has taken hold in El Salvador
with the government and the rebels
holding talks of reconciliation. The
Nicaraguan government, with a failing
economy and less Cuban, aid. is worried
more about internal troubles and less
about helping revolutionary causes.

The Grenada “rescue” was one of the
few examples of American power being us-
ed effectively and without major logistical

Dennis lrwin. a Republican runnirig for
Family Court Judge of Albany County.
stresses his experience in his campaign.

An experienced attorney with eleven
years of practice in family and
matrimonial law, lrwin has practiced
before family courts in Albany, Greene,
Rensselaer, Saratoga and Schenectady
counties.

He said he feels he has “a decade of ex-
perience" for a job that “lasts a decade."

Irwin said he feels that the only way
anything can be changed is “for me to
become a judge. Judges can affect changes
successfully."

Although he says he feels it will be “very
difficult to win" because he is a
Republican. lrwin maintains that his op-
ponent John Cardona does not address
any specific issues in his campaign. “I
speak about issues constantly," said lrwin.

As a Family Court judge, lrwin says he
will “make sure more female attorneys

 

Environment:

Despite his public pronouncement,
Reagan has a poor record on environmen-
tal issues. The mismanagement of the
E.P.A. and the resignations of James Watt
and Anne McGill Burford have been an
embarrassment to his administration. His
policies on the sale of federal lands to
business interests has been harshly criticiz-
cd, and the lack of organization in inspec—
ting toxic waste sites and their clean-up has
been a continual sore spot for the
administration.

Analysis:

The above overview presents Reagan
both positive and negative. It excludes one
important intangible. Reagan's leadership
ability. He serves as patriarch of our coun-
try and with his tools as “The Great Com-
municator" he efficiently implements his
policies.

 

and minorities such as blacks and
hispanic's will be in the court."

He says the opposition never specifies
“specifics” but instead keeps issues
"general." >

tcl'lon president because problems don't
stick to him but accomplishments do. This
has frustrated his critics but sccurcd him as
an effective leader.

Mondale

CONTINUED FROM PAGE IS

rccccd until well into I985, Mondale‘s
arguments on their merits are difficult for
the average voter to be overly concerned
with. Stigmas attached to Mondale's im-
age. as well as some political blunders car-
ly on (La. Zacarro’s finances and Bert
Lance's appointment) may have created a
hole too great for him to crawl out of.

Mondale has continued to press the
issues, and to fighl the effects of the
onslaught of opinion polls which predict a
Reagan victory. His success in the televised
debates may have been too little too late.
but Mondale is by no means out of the
race.

Some issues lrwin repeatedly stresses
are: case scheduling. procedures for
preventing child abuse. promoting the
creation of a night court, and dispute
mediation.

lrwin says he believes strongly that
“performance and compassion counts" in
the position of family Court Judge.

lrwin hopes to protect children from the
negative fallout that usually accompanies
theFamily Court process. He says that
“Klds are real people; fragile, easily hurt
when parents get involved in Family
Court,"

Irwin also hopes to reduce the Albany
County court’s case-load through volun-
tary use of mediators. in cases where pro-
blems can be solved by family members
themselves.

“Clearly.” lrwin charged, “it's time for
our Family Court to act on reducing the
economic and emotional burden on
Albany County families." ‘ i3

 

LETTERS
Misinformed people

To the Editor: _

i feel compelled as a human being and as a Jew to
answer the misinformed Catholics who apparently feel
that Jews are unjustified when they speak against Univer-
sity scheduling.

Let me take a few moments to enlighten you. There are
some things you obviously are not aware of. On those
holidays that Jews complain about poor scheduling.
mainly Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. there is a time
element involved. Jewish holidays begin at sundown. This
may mean little to the uninformed, but to the Jews this
means that they cannot write. use a phone, or even travel
(including riding a bus) after this time. This is a serious
problem. Many students were "forced" to stay in Albany
on Yom Kippur. which by the way is a fast day, due to
poor scheduling. I don't think the three misinformed
Catholics should condemn Jews who speak out about this
problem. They have as much of a right to protest as
anyone. Just because Jews speak the loudest, it doesn't
mean we are the majority. l was very surprised to read
that statement.

There is. obviously. a common ground here. Don't
upset it. but find a way to work together. I must agree
that it is a terrible thing for Christian and other holidays
to be broken up. I agree that that is an injustice as well. A
good advisory plan would be for students to form a semi—
coalition of core representatives from different religious
groups on campus to protest University scheduling.

—name withheld upon request

Bureaucratic blunder

To the Editor:

On October 30, we were walking in the basement of the
Business building and on a whim or should we say a
“sneaking suspician" we checked the “holds” list posted
by the student accounts and billing office. Much to our
dismay we both found our social security numbers listed
on the computer printout. We then proceeded to search
for the reason that we were black-listed from pre-
registration. At the student accounts and billing office we

 

aspects

Establlshod In 1919

David LL. Lasltln. Editor In Chief

Jerry Cnmplonc. Managan Edllor
Nown Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Heldi Grails
Anoellta News Edllor..
ASP-ct- Edllor ............ ..
Aslocllll ASPocll Editors
Books Edllor ................. ..

 
 
 
 

............... ..Tom Kacandos

 

 
 

Movies “I'M inn Spelling
Sports Editors............... Marc Barman. Keith Marder
Anoclntc Sports Editor Daan Chang

1:.
i

Editorial Page: Editor ..... .. ard Reine:

Contributing Editors Jana n erso . . .
Patricia Mitchell. Wayne Fourtaboom. Lisa Strain. Editorial Aulsllnll: Alicia
clmbora, Flick Swanson. SIIHWIIIBIIZ Tom Bergen. Chris Blomquisl. Michelle
Bustier. Marla Carllno, Leslie Chail. Johanna Clancy, Ian Clemenls. Belle
Dzamba. Cathleen Errlg, Ronald Brant Garston. Judy Goschwlnd. Bob Hanlon.
Eric Hindln. Maddl Kun. John Parker. Christine Reliall. Joe Romano. Kristina
Sauar. Michael Skoinlck. Perry Tlschlar. Mlko Turkady. Ileno Walnsloln. John
Wilmotl Spectrum and Events Editor: Rina Young Artist: Slave Bryson

G
a.

S
a

U
2
a

 

.ludy Torcl. Business Manager
Lynn Sluvlc. Assoc/ale Business Manager
Juno Hirsch. Advartlslrrg Manager
Mike Krnlrnor. Sales Manager

.Randou Behar
.Gay Purses

Clalllllod Managua. . Elloon Shochan
Composition Manager. . ..  Mark Catalano
Advertising Sales: Denise Boynllan. Marc Hoborman, Suu Klein. Stove Lull.
Judy Nusebaum. Scott Rein. David Willmoll. Advertising Produellon: Elaine
Frladar. Tamas Glacalono. Marc Hobormnn. Maura Kellen. Eileen Kolbasuk,
Sharon Okun. Amy Paperny. Lynn Salgel. Gila Yahyal. Ollleo Slall: Christina
Blnghl. Linda Delgado, Fran LoBasso. Marlorla Rosonthal

 
 
 
 
 

Billing Accountant ..

 

1
a

'5
“—
on
=
a
a
E
a
o

Sun-n Kant. Produclian Manager
Jonnller Hayden. Assoclnla Production Manager

Chlol Typuslter. .................................................................... .. .Lancoy Hoyman
Typlltl: Debora Adolmann. Tera Clifton. Erlca D'Adnno. Jeannine Dianuzzo,
Sarah Evoland. Sara Fu. Lisa Glumbrone. Mnuroarl McHugh. Pam Slraubsr.
Pasta-up: Adam S. Englo, F'alrlcla Giannota. Peggy Kollnar. Stephen Rudolph.
Chaullours: Warren Hurwllz. Richard Sherman

Photography principally supplied by University Photo Service. a student

rou .

Chi-l Photographer: Erica Spiagul UPS Stlli: Amy Cotton. Lynn Draltua, Cindy
Galway. Adam Ginsberg. Kunny Kirsch. Robnrt Luckey. Joo Schwendcr. Lisa
Simmons. Robert Saucy. Warron Stout. David strick

Enllrl conlonto copyright "384 Albany Student Fran Corporation. all right-

reserved.

The Albany Student Press Is published Tlmsdays and Fridays between
August and June: by lho Albany Student Press Corporation. an independent
not-lorrprolil corporallon.

Editorials mo written by tho Editor In
Board; policy In SUDIECI to review by the Editorl
dons not necessarily rolloel odltorlal policy.

Malling artrtrnss:
Albany Student Press, CC 329
t-tot) Washlnmnn Avu
Albany. NY |2222
(SIB) 457vll502l3322lﬂﬂll9

Chtal wrlh rnarnuurs ol the Editorial
at Board Advertising policy

 

 

___’____.___...
_._.__ _.___.____.__————-

were asked to take a number and had to wait 35 minutes
in a hallway with about l5 other disgruntled and
dismayed victims of the bureaucracy. We finally got to
the service window and we were both told that we did not
owe any money and that it was their mistake to place a
hold on our records. Thus, this lengthy incarceration in
the bowels of the Business building was all for naught.

This is not the first time this type of incident has occur-
red to both of us and this wasteful, semi-annual inconve-
nience is becoming a nuisance.

We were lucky because we happened to catch the stu-
dent accounts and billing department's blunder before we
arrived at pre-registration. but the people who owe no
money to the university and are put through this un-
necessary chore of waiting to ﬁnd out that they have no
ﬁnancial obligations due are not going to be as lucky.
Also, we are seniors and pre-registration has just begun.
two weeks from now the lines at the student accounts and
billing window will undoubtedly be tremendous.

Is there a better way? If there is, it ,seems that the
university has failed to find it. In our more than three
years here we can see that this problem seems to be getting
worse as can be seen by the ever increasing sizes of peo-
ple's tempers and the lines.

’ ' —Douglas Karmel

—-Gary P. Kaplan

Beauty of the body

To the Editor:

I would like to respond to the anonymous letter that
appeared in Tuesday’s ASP. The letter called for Barnes
and Noble bookstore to refrain from selling Playboy and
Penthouse on the grounds that these magazines “con-
tribute to violence against women" and are pornographic
publications that are means by which men subjegate
women.

Does the writer of that letter believe there is something
unclear and wrong about the female body? Playboy and
Penthouse. through the art of photography. enhance the
beauty of women. There is nothing wrong or por-
nographic about revealing the beauty of the female body.
Does the author of theletter consider Michelangelo's
“Venus dc Milo" and many other great works of art por-
nography'l It is narrow minded to consider a photograph
of a nude woman "pornography." for rather then exploit
women. they are raised on a pedestal and their beauty
enhanced for all to see.

Another factor neglected by the anonymous author is
the fact that these women willingly posed for these photo
sessions. Yet the author would have us believe that it is
then who are exploiting women. No man used coercive
force to make those models pose. If these women pose
nude willingly men are not the ones to blame. Rather than
attack the men who buy or publish the magazines,
perhaps those women opposed to Playboy and Penthouse
should attempt to convince the models that they are being
exploited. I believe they will find those women and a great
many others do not agree with them on this matter. These
women who pose as models do so freely. for (and this
may come as a surprise to the anonymous author) they
have free will. No man forced them against their will to
pose for Playboy ar Penthouse.

Although the author of the letter did not consider it an
important point. the banning of Playboy or Penthouse
from the magazine racks of Barnes and Noble would in-
deed violate First Amendment rights. A great many peo-
ple, both men and women, enjoy these publications and
no one has the right to deny them this. The First Amend-
ment is very vulnerable to attacks of this nature. and we
must always be on guard against it's infringement.

—.lohn Spettell

Go out and vote

To the Editor:

This year NYPIRG focused its energies on registering
student voters. and we‘ve helped register over l00.000
students for the November elections. Our work
culminated in the largest day of voter registration in New
York City history on October 4th. This campaign
represents the single largest voter registration effort ever
by a student organization.

However, registering voters is only the first step for us.
All too often, newly registered voters fail to use their
recently acquired political voice by never actually voting.
When asked why, they typically replly that they lacked
some specific information about voting. Our challengc
before Election day is to get follow-up information tome
new voters we've registered. This week we are working lo
do just that. We want to make sure that you knolelcrt:
to vote. how to use the machines and what’s at stake in
this critical election. We urge you to use your most
powerful political voice — your vote.

For the student vote. your vote is crucial. SUdcnlS have
a political problem —' they haven't been rating and the
politicians know it. In the 1980 Presidentitl election, only
18 percent of the 18 ycar-olds voted; les than 40 percent
of all college students did. The dcclini in student voting
has diminished our political clout. tut we have already

students are registered to vote this year than ever before.

 

taken the ﬁrst step towdrd solving this problem e‘more

More than one million students have registered through ’

the National Student Campaign for Voter Registration.

Now we must all take the next step and vote on November
6th.

The policies of the next administration will affect our
generation profoundly. Funding for ﬁnancial aid will
determine our educational future; the next Supreme
Court will decide our civil liberties: the legacy of toxic
contamination will endanger our health; and the
escalating nuclear arms race will threaten our lives. Ralph
Nader once said: “The problems of the present and the

.risks of the future are deep and plain. But let it not be said

that this generation would give up so little in order to
achieve so much." For the student vote thetime isnow,
-—I(aren McMahon

Chairperson, NYPIRG

State Board of Directors

0 .  , ,
First frat. - i
To the Editor:

In your Oct. I6 edition of the ASP. you mistakenly
stated that Alpha Epsilon Pi is the ﬁrst social fraternity
on the SUNY—Albany campus. Alpha Kappa Epsilon, of
which i am a member. was formed and recognized on
March 9, I984. AKE was formed as a social fraternity
open to anyone attending SUNY-Albany. On the con-
trary, AE Pi is open to Jewishstudents only.

We. the tnembcrs of Alpha Kappa Epsilon. would ap-
preciate equal time and proper representation as the ﬁrst
social fraternity at SUNY-Albany. We have coordinated
several social functions. such as our RUSH party this fall
and our very successful Volleyball Tournament last
spring.

—.loe Della Lone
Member AKE

Ill-conceived plan

To the Editor:

This past Saturday I had an extremely frustrating ex-
perience with the University bus fee policy. After viewing
the situation several days later. I am still inclined to
believe that very little consideration was given to uptown
students when this bus fee policy was being deliberated
on, and when the final implementation was
accomplished.

Saturday morning. l0 a.m.. I ‘call the Campus Center
Info. desk and inquire where I can get bus tickets. I was
told to go to either university police, the rathskeller snack
bar, or to the circle bus ticket booth. Since my bus was
leaving in 10 minutes, it ruled out UPD. so instead I try
the Rat. Lo and behold. they “ran out” oftickets. Next,l
go to the CC Info. desk and ask again. This time I find
out that the circle ticket booth is open only on weekdays,
when the parking lot is open. Fortunately the woman
working the desk gave me one of her own tickets. I got on
the bus and got to Draper just in time for my
appointment.

At approximately l2 p.m.. I go to public safety on
Draper, with the idiotic assumption that if UPD sells
tickets uptown, they probably sell them downtown. also.
Well. I assumed incorrectly. You know what they say
about assuming! So, I call uptown UPD. to ask if they
know anywhere downtown that sells,.tickels. Their reply?
Sorry. the only place that sells them is the Kumquat Din-
ing Hall —— and they are closed on weekends. I ask wltat,
if anything. I should do. I'm told that that is my problem.

The entire episode Saturday was entirely unnecessary.
The problem stems frotn the fact that the University did
not take into consideration the possibility of uptown
students not always hat/ing a handy supply of bus tickets.

What I would suggest is a more completely thought out
program in which more numerous. specified places be
established where students can buy bus tickets. both up-
town and especially downtown. These should.includc
Draper library. and Draper public safety. all Alumni tlin-
ing halls; and dining halls uptown. If the University
wishcsvtne bus services to be fully utilized. they must
makesome attempt to suit the students’ schedules. which.
contrary to most University services, continue on
weekends and after hours. Either more access points he
.cstablished both uptown and downtown, or the bus
drivers should be instructed to allow the student to pay
the dime fare as they get on the bus. As things stand now.
the bus fee. due to its ill-conceived planning, is blatant
discrimination against uptown SUNYA students.

‘ —Kathy Iloyllm

LETTERS

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR SHOULD BE NO
MORE THAN 300 WORDS. SlGNED. WITH
THE AUTHOR'S PHONE NUMBER. AND
DELIVERED T0 CAMPU" CENTER 329.

 

 

 

 

 

  

