 
  
 
 
    
 
   

    
   

 

 

«aka-v»-

   _ I ‘  “   .
 Free speech isn’t cheap _ Abette'e-dumt'o"

0n the bottom of this page is something that com
change your life.
,2 Student money is going towards two speakers who Center. There aretwo moms to show up: one. to protest I " 5 °§id':c;?;9'fgoﬂfgrééﬁogﬁttps faith on
‘ don't deserve to appear here." ' her brutality as EPA Director; and two. to_ protest the Eastman an my wgyto rcmainin their “cmgﬂkbmostl
The first in Ann Burford, who resigned as director of fact that she was brought to this campus and Is being paid 3C _ islmion "m values the prestige of “s r; ‘ '0“
the E ' TOlMlOlI Agency (EPA) because a for with our money. ‘ a. mmublished and doing expensive Mu [y 3"
congressional panel was about to ﬁnd her guilty of gross- As to "Dr. Dirty." what John Valby‘s comedy does to ttng p
ly mismanaging her joband disregarding the law.
e second is comedian John Valby, whose act relies
on abusing the sexual stereotypes which leave women

 

 

‘

     
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
    
 
 
    
    
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
   
  
  
 
   
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
   

  

_ research over bcin
women is disgusting. Any time he takes the stage is a slap talentedhan'd committed teachers. Like they say, “publish
in the face to the idea of women as persons, and not as or Pens -

a .- so; ,7-..

' ‘ r ‘ - llslt.tl,tn Ill/HR m, 1an
sexual objects and slaves. He brings out the ugly 'side of I'M“; What ﬁgu'ellh:naégl’llégfigzrg-‘flfréng (students. that I
, dangerously vulnerable and tragically oppressed (and if ourselves, the side that hasn't learned how brutallzlngtt is We re mg” milk that we can How mug: 'p‘o lhcbesl
you think that's justa lot of rhetoric, think about the fact to treat women that way, lobﬁor Era SC! “he desire fo-r the (L!  Ourstudy.
that up to one out of every three women can expect to To prove the point. last time he appeared here, the con- "18 Eldon; 0:! 0 one" do we mkﬁrit 0. and not the
raped or sexually abused in her lifetime). tents of his show incited violence, and people were hurt. kno?’ e“8° . 3W r will I It‘ourscs been,“
’ When congress finally caught on to the way Burford But there is the issue of free speech — if people want to , they re. “Gum : 0" “5% 0d t l 00 good on our
W93 kill"! the EPA go to ruin — and with it the air we hear him he must be allowed to speak. "WFCHP'? Ar? We ‘Encourage [0 ea"‘- fr [Of-lo well?
breathe, the water we drink, and the ground that our food if that is the case. then it’s sad that people do want to .RIChard Wilkle IS one pro essor w o trlcs to ac-
comes from— she refused-to rele

ase the incriminating hear him. And even sadder that Central Council went complish genuine teaching wrthln the '

‘systetn." instead
documents, which was illegal.

 

against the SA executives and are allowing him to appear. 0r dwelling 0“ the Pmblcmsr he.“ Offering in his column

. Now she makes as much as $20,000 a shot on speaking But everyone has the right to speak, and that right must bEIOW I light a! the :1.” 0f the lunnfl- I
; engagements. Speaker's Forum will be giving her $3,500 be respected. So when “Dr. Dirty" does appear. Wt? ‘ The “’5‘ P?" or '5 "WW" 9° um" '"erdUt‘cs the
— of our money. Not a bad deal for someone who should be standing outside protesting his presence. But if Idea 0r comm'me'f‘s as "3"“): for aim" 9f "5 1° lakcfon'
deserves to be buried up to the neck in illegally dumped those who go in and those who stay out respect each "0' 0f. Olfr education. HIS dlSCUSSIOH IS _W0rllt readingI
toxic wastes. _ other’s rights. at least we won't allow Valby to cause us to and thinking abPUL The sec?“ Parl- Wh'Ch WI” appear
NYPIRG is holding a protest rally tonight before her go against each other. At least we'll preserve the humani- 0" Fndayt 86” ""0 "1° Spec'ﬁcs 0f how we ca” “cal”

peech. it will begin at 7:30 in front of the Campus

ty he destroys [1 more meaningful education for ourselves.
. So stick with it.

 

COLUMN
“I want my money back”

First of a two part column

 

 
 

n
i wonder ifyou have ever wanted to get all your money pOint here: l trust that you. like me.
back because you were upset by what too often passes for
teaching an instruction around here? Have you ever felt
like saying “i want

would never place space and time for that!
yourself in the presence of a teacher you did not respect Funny thing about commitments: they dun'l have
or whom you did not believe knew something you would

anything to do with “good reasons", and they do cnlaila
my money back" when you also like to know about. When i go to a teacher l sense of responsibility to clean up the mess one makes
discovered that. whatever professors were committed to, acknowledge to myselfthat [don’t know something, and when the commitment is broken.

I if someone kcepxa
When i so acknowledge and commitment to you only until they have a “good reason"
commit mytime and money ljolly well expect my teacher not to, then you may wonder if that person ever huda
to be there for me. Like the time i worked with (studied commitment. if i miss an appointment. I‘ll make
with) Captain Bill Wolf (shipright and former skipper of another, but maybe, even then. the new one will not
the Clt'arwater) to learn how to rebuild a 20-foot wooden “clean up the mess i made”? Take a look. ilxlvc you
yawl boat. His standards were very high and he respond- noticed such to have been the case in your lift- us wcll’!
‘co to every question i had. and he watched every move l Funny thing about commitments: they do change your
_ make. If you don’t expect such commitment from your life. Have you observed that if you allowed Splice tum
 z This is likely to be a fairly hard-nosed conversation, instructors, then you might want to look at what you are time to fall in love with someone, then everything chang-
i and i want it to be with you. and only about the system committed to in your school work here! ed in your life? lfyou have allowed space and little fora
: sort of indirectly. This is not another critique of “the if you choose to inquire about the commitments of learned dialectic between yourselfand other students ora
 system." it is a conversation about what you might do to your intended professor (in a moment l'll suggest some professor about the ideas in some course of study. then
" alter your experience around here in a fundamental and responsible ways of doing that). it might be wise to know have you noticed that your insights and "puztlclnents"
:; responsible way. This is not aboutabstractions, but about what commitments really are. Funny thing about com- changed? Take a look. Have you noticed tlnll com-
: your commitments and the quality of your interaction mitments: they show up in space and time. i have a small mitments are the most powerful thing in the world? That
. with those you choose to be your teachers. commitment to watch the New York Giants, and much your real commitments have changed your life'.’ liven ll
5 j; i suggest you have a right to know what a professor larger commitment to read appropriate works for my you have not been watching? -'
 i with whom you plan to study is committed to. I suggest teaching and writing. 'No matter the size. the space and So whom should you ask if you want to inquire libel“
‘ you have a right to know whether or not the professor in time are there! If you allow space and time for. say, get- teac '
question is committed to assisting you in the learning pro-

ting high, you are committed to getting high. if you allow not start with a student whose Judgment you trust. MaybE
cess you have in mind: Let‘s get really clear about the space and time for reading in the library, then you are

. ' . ask more than one student who knows the instructor in
committed to that. if your professor is committed to a question, and do your asking a month or so l)t'/tlr¢‘ the
dialogue or an interactlon with you, then he will allow class comes up! What should you ask?

it was not to your instruction in the learning enterprise that the (Eacher does know.
you had in mind when you entered the university? if you
have felt powerless in this sense, or victimized by an indif-
-ferent, alienating system. then this conversation may be
of interest to you.

1 Richard VVlikie

    

 

; 1 The author is a professor of Communications at SUNYA

   
  
 

   

Iiemi'IS The enforcemeni

W1” ihai Necessdf

,, Turn Down
wk T ‘ she *l.’!@#
a  . J ‘  . ‘STer‘ea... I

Hall of
Fame
Issue

 

/

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

._-._/_-—--t.._......~_ ‘ g_.M.m-
W... \.§-e_\ti. V . .

 
  
   

 

 

 

 

l'v'n tlrder ’N
W/ \i orie'rioaff/ni'sl

     
 

Inductee
Gary Holway

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
     

 

 

 

   

 

l
. angLﬂ_ L
’9 ion. lo 444‘] _

 

 

-.—,‘~_-

I .

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

