   

‘i
l
I

 

  

 

 

 

J» ten—«W, v. . r, t _

 

 

 .  '

Evicte' -? don’t forget your bus ticket!

 
 
  
 

‘

 

The following is a dramatization, hopefully:
You’ve just been evicted.

Who do you call?

' (the directories may be out sometime this
semester) .

Where do you go?

(the Off—Campus Housing Ofﬁce is buried
somewhere on State Quad)

How do you get there?

(get a bus ticket at the nearest Fotohut)

day when city officials would begin enforcing
the “grouper law" (See story, p.l). When as
many as Low students start receiving their eviction
notices, they won’t be able to figure out who to call,
where to go, or even how to get up to campus.

No doubt this conspiracy theory is exaggerated, but
there’s no mistaking the SUNYA administration's
disregard for off-campus students. They have no
qualms admitting thousands more than can be housed
on campus. taking our tuition. but:

T he university must have been planning for the

 

>forcing us into deteriorating housing in the “student
ghetto".

>a|lowing overcrowded conditions to persist that violate
an Albany city ordinance and have now spurred a city
investigation. _

>making us pay for the “luxury” of living off-campus (a
luxury they make quite a lot of money on) with the ex-
pense and hassleof the bus fee.

>removing OCHO from its former spot in the Campus
Center — where we could walk in anytime to look for
housing. housemates, or just advice on living off — and
relocated it in the basement of State Quad.

>allowing the directories to come out later year after
year, leaving off-campus students cut off, unable to con-
tact people on campus or their friends downtown.

This situation began developing into a major issue this
summer. when Albany officials and residents began voic-
ing complaints about'student housing. At the same time.
the administration moved OCHO and instituted the bus
fee.

Confused? Trying to figure out what the university has
against off-campus students? Administrators have let
these conditions develop over the years, regarding off-

campus students as second class citizens.

So now the city is rightfully looking into conditions in
the student ghetto. If things stand the way they are. we
will be caught in the middle between the city and it.
university.

It's not too late though. The city‘s involvement comd
inspire the university to finally claim ot'f~cznnpus as
equally important to on-campus. to pay attention to the
world beyond perimeter road. Over 4,000 students live in
that world — it deserves attention.

If the administration doesn’t respond to our dilemma
and give us what’s long overdue, the city probably will.

Keep a bus ticket handy, so that if you do happen to get
evicted, at least then you can walk into the Administra-
tion building and demand the attention you deserve a”
tuition paying student.

But then again, why wait. You can walk into President
O’Leary’s or Vice-President Pogue’s offices and request a
little consideration anytime from 9 - 5. Save the dime.

 

Register to vote!!!

 

 

 

COL UMN

The need for student

Once again this fall, thousands of students from across
New York State will be returning to their college cam-
puses. Although they will be forced to confront topics
which affect their personal lives, their country and their
world, many will not voice their concerns or challenge
their beliefs outside of the classroom.”

mancy King 1

In particular, most students won’t vote. A large ma-
jority are not even registered to vote. Whatever the
reasons (and there are many, including deliberate govern-
ment policies to make it difﬁcult to register). students are
shortchanging themselves and their peers. By not par-
ticipating in the political process, students in effect. relinl
quish their power.

Politicians. on both the state and federal level, are
aware of this student apathy and respond accordingly.
They pass legislation that hurts college students, such as
drastically reducing sttident aid and loan programs while
increasing the cost of public education. Indifference has
also led to social discrimination; students successfully
defeated the 21-year-old drinking age proposal in New
York but their victory could be thwarted by Reagan's
threat to withhold federal transportation funds to states
which fail to compy with "21."

In New York State, student groups like NYPIRG. lSC,
SASU and USS have organized and represented student
interests in the State Legislature and are aware of the
potential political power that students can acquire. But.
since today students vote so rarely, the current political
impact is much less than it could be.

Several clear examples demonstrate that the New York
State Legislature has repeatedly ignored student con-
cerns, or worse, passed legislation that adversely affects
students. Consider the following:

< Tuition has increased 8450 since I979 with probable
increases in the future.

- Dormitory rent increased $150 in l984. the fifth in-
crease in dormitory rent in five years;

- The cumulative tuition and dormitory rent lncreast
between ﬁscal year l979-80 and l983-84 was 58!.

— In 1983-84 SUNY enrollments reached l56.4l9, an in-

crease of 8,000 students from l975-76 while state
authorized only 30,346 positions, 4,000 fewer than in
l975-76.
Clearly, the legislative trend is to ask students to pay
more for less in educational services. As the cost of higher
education escalates, the opportunity for middle and lower
income students who can afford to attend school
decreases.

The pricetag on a diploma has become so burdensome
that an increasing number of students are forced to attend

 

 

The author is the Assistant Legislative Director for the
New York Public Interest Research Group (N YPIRO)
and has lobhlcd on a variety of student issues.

school on a part-time basis. Until this year, no funds were
available for tuition assistance for part-timers. Although
the New York State Legislature approved the much
touted “Tuition Awards for Part-tithe Students” legisla-
tion. the bill appropriated only $11 million, it is not near-
ly sufﬁcient to assist the increasing number of part-time
students who must meet formidable tuition costs.

Even when the Legislature does address student issues
it has done so in a way that often divides students forcing
them to fight for the same piece of the pie. For example,
many "returning" students, now parents. have expressed
a need for child care centers on campuses. Unfortunately,
the l v’ " c has . r ", ' “mi this issue be
questioning whether both public and private institutions
should receive funds for these centers.

lf student apathy and indifference to the political pro-
cess continues, politicians will continue to ignore student
demands and interests. Student interests go far beyond
those of the classroom. Students can and should actively
help to shape public policy. One of the most effective
ways to achieve this is through voting. Certainly, those

voting

that have fought for the right to vote, including women,
blacks and eighteen-year-olds, have recognized the im-
portance of voting. Yet, the right to vote is meaningless
unless exercised. Recognizing this, at present. student
groups across the country are participating in the Na-
tional Student Voter Registration drive. This is the largest
effort of its kind and if successful will increase the ability
for the student voice to be heard.

Registration, however, is only the first step. From that
point on, students will have the possibility and respon-
sibility of voting. In view of the myriad of issues and the
serious and complicated decisions that will affect the pre-
sent and future, students have an obligation to vote. By
participating in our electoral system, students can ensutc
that the government they elect remains responsive and
responsible to student concerns and demands.

On October 4, 1984, students will have a good oppor-
tunity to get involved with voter registration, not only of
other students but people in the community as well.

The October 4th Voter Registration Campaign in New
York is coordinating What could be the largest voter
registration event in American history.

 

 

   

 
   
 

. \\\\\\\\\s\\\m\m\w« _ I

52!

 
 
 
 
 

     
 

 

 

 

 

 

“new rates on THAN‘IOUWERE Means A60?

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
  
   
 

. pm‘vﬁ .uu-o

-_.

     
       
   
    
  
     

 

