 

 

 

. I s 5W§mﬁmrwarw,  3,,

w. “W. _ A ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

n

 

 

 

,1

"Tail-M5,,457—zeoo ,

919ml Save .

    

 

smut-n , . .

, IO! Pellet. Innocents-lit!
101M6- lonioocxulity

103 Male Role Identiﬁcation

10! Women's Sexual Satisfaction
10! Male Sexual Tinting Problem
10! Communication in Love and Sex

m llnl Cannot Method- v
mu - . EARTH
m Ion-ally Tran-initial Dlu
sens-mp . u” »
20! low to Meet People Carmina. iniormllon. and
x WMMMIOMIC Ruins! die:
If“ Accepting Yonnell “mum '35?!“ landing and
m g" '° ""l' "m' Cum 
m h . .
“I I.“ lumd'" azvia manual 40
an no. on Losing Weight ‘ aﬁ'md“ m” °“
zoo Coping with a Broken Relationship “V M45763”)
are Dealing with Anxiety GM" “d 0mm" m”
211 wen i- Dopnoolon? OW Ml”
 :ow to Doll with Dopnulon
Decanting Putin of Lou
an Death and Dying " say”: "'1' '03
grnpmsomu. sxmu SSW. 0"“
.Aluﬂing You'd! mum,
so: low is s“ ‘No' ' NY mm
303 Icing in Love
304 Intimacy ﬁlmed
305 Pooling Open with Otlun SA

306 Helping Other: with Problem
301 Constitutive Conﬂict Resolution Techniques
making Conﬂict: In Relationship.

40! Recognizing Suicidal Potential
3 Dunn! with Suicidal cm

In"
SUBSTANCE nos:
50] Marijuana: Pros and Conn
502 Dune: [emailing Addiction, Dependence
and Tolerance .
503 Recognizing Drinking Problem
5“ Decision

 

 

 

  
 
  
 
 
  
     
   
 
     
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   

 

loll Madison live.
Fit lurk Street

Northwny Melt
Colonic

Luthom Circle Moll
Luthom

Designer Jeans
25% Off

ocotler .Sasson

olord
cealvin Klein acne

I oserglo valence
'EXOth Lingerie and other aSSOI'tEG tOVS
-A complete line of smoking accessories
oMen's, women's and children's clothing
orne newest In Jeweer

eggcegslon welghlng Instruments and

 

 

 

L This coupon is good for 20% off any
merchandise atoll of Our Three Stores
(Excludinisnie ItéiifS)  ’  " 

Thls’c‘aupon expires 9-21-84

 

 

  
 

Telethon ‘85
it Selim it seem @oml ﬁtop
Z? Gomnoﬂ @od 310px:

ﬁpplkations am in Telethon
"M h 5.“. Office

For Info en: ass-5941

Stallt Positions ﬂvolloblo

1] (sooth meringue“

Eileen l063-6895

 

 

 

 

JADE

 

3‘9-
‘TREEDELIVERY” 95”

Tower Lobby.
CALL 869-9585 with your order and allow
about 30 mimita for delivery

"FREE TRANSPORTATION"
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT BETWEEN 6-9

PLEASE CALL AHEAD...869-9585 or 869-9586
OUR SPECIALTY: SZECHUAN, HUNAN AND
N

 

 

 

FROM SUNY TO JADE FOUNTAIN AND RETURN.

ﬂ

EXPERIENCE

FOUNTAIN

i652 WESTERN AVE,

The Jade Fountain Restaurant is deliverin HOT d ' '

d A
Chinese food to SUNY uptown campus. gMonday terISUS
Thursday between 7 and 10. Pick up food at each Quad

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L .r' .11.

We an...“ gnu-~ru-luwwﬂ-lpmd’

l

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

CANTO ESE
pome om AVAILABLE
war 1 MILEWESI‘ or
ma.
a
HERMES oouw PUEBG‘JDSQWDWUQ‘WBS
ill ll 286992: BQIIR©EIR$

lill@@llii$

 

 

use masons] mg,
a mom. to. .K.

WEBSDQW US “MINCE BHUGiUﬂ‘L—r
Qan‘lis
SEGGITLLE. WERNER 8i ©R®E§R WINES u
833..

@‘WERW WNW? [IS
“SGHQDGW‘ER” WEE]?
WINES) @EEUWERW SQllllE’D ’
«@P‘U'C‘DWIR] @GGLEIWEIS EDWIN?»
costs sonata son casement!
onscreen sec-monastic .
sown {seaplane a absent i738

 

 

 

   

“drum. EG'J‘U'IB muons

Gill! E WEDNESDGTJV moms

 

 

 

 

a

SEPTEMsER 21,1984 ‘

  

 

Elvis‘: Finds

lvis Costello's song-writing ability con-

tinues to amaze. Since 1977, he has
' released 10 albums. each of which are
loaded with songs — 20 tunes in two instances
—— and none of which are padded with filter.
Goodbye Cruel World, the latest release from
Elvis and his Attractions, is a diverse group of
I3 melodies, each with the familiar Elvis style,
now fine-tuned after seven years of vinyl, yet

each sounding as fresh and innovative as ever.

 

David Singer

Despite this awesome presence, Elvis
Costello has yet to have a hit in the United
States. While Goodbye Cruel World won't be
topping the charts, a hit single is possible with
the album‘s first song, "The Only Flame in
Town.” With the decade's best pop singer,
Darryl Hall, becoming the first man to sing
background vocals for Elvis Costello, "The On-
ly Flame in Town" might help American kids
to finally find out who Elvis Costello is. The
song also employs Hall and Oates type horns
and here Elvis' voice is at its sweetest, helping
to make this song the album’s closest thing to a
love song.

“The Only Flame..." starts the pace for an
album whose title can surely not convey
anything positive. The record is filled with a
mix of songs about friendships, relationships,
and personalities, all of which relate a situation
which is negative, orspooky at the least.

The album's second song is called "Home
Truth," and tells of the end of a relationship
where the truth is gone. Anyone who has had
a troublesome breakup of a long romance can
relate when Elvis sings, “This is where the
home truth ends/and I feel like a clown/It's
tearing me up/It's tearing me down," brilliantly
using two phrases that sound like opposites.
yet mean the same thing.

"Room with No Number" is a fast moving,
fun song, with classic Elvis vocals, and lots of
piano. Over the years Elvis‘ use of keyboardist
Steve Nieve's music has shifted from an organ

 

 

 
  

to a piano sound, especially apparent on Good-
bye Cruel World. However, just as the piano
has reached the height of its importance in the
Attractions, no credit has been given for the
keyboards. and Nieve's name doesn't appear
anywhere on the album. Instead, Maurice
Worm is credited with supplying "Random
"Racket," and representing the third Attraction
on the back cover, Nieve, who used to wear a
gorilla’s mask when introduced in concert, is
wearing a fencing mask.

Bassist Bruce Thomas and drummer Pete
Thomas round out the original Attractions,
while the three piece horn section featured on
last year's Punch the Clock is now a two piece.
with Gary Barnade on sax. and Jimmy Patter-
son, frogn the original Dexy's Midnite Run-
:ners, playing the trombone. Afrodiziak, the
female background vocalists, also appearing on
'Punch the Clock, are gone, after most recently
singing with Madness on their Keep Moving
album, but Madness' producers, Clive Langer
and Alan Winstanley, have remained for their
,second Elvis Costello album and are supposed-

lntro'spect ' ' .

Peas  Or

 

ly doing some produciton work for Aztec
Camera, who toured with Elvis Costello and
the Attractions during the summer of 1983,
and played in the Campus Center ballroom in
October 1983.

Another gem on side one is "Worthless
Thing," which takes a look at an old issue; the
practice of judging a person’s worth physically,
rather than spiritually. "If you were 10 feet
taller/and almost handsome/l might pay/this
king's ransom/you worthless thing,” the singer
is told. Despite the banality of the concept, the
song is very catchy. and is flowing with a usual
Costellian assortment of strange lyrics. in-
cluding his first reference to his namesake,
when he sings, "You're drinking vintage Elvis
"resley wine."

Side two opens with a cover song entitled, "I
Wanna be Loved," which is sung with feeling,
while being played at a fun, danceable pace.
An extended version of the song has already
been released in England, and it definitely
merits radio play, which it will only receive if

then lfl’EI'he'Only Flame in ToWn" he. 4 ‘
a hit. ' I  I
Also featured on side two are a half 

, lother tunes including Elvis’ firstfrocltnandroll
blues song, "Sour Milkfgow Blues,"‘

"Deportecs Club," a fast moving'"song‘-'fe'atui'-

; in'g screamingvocals, reminiscent of early Elvis .
.Costello, and the album’s most moving tuné,

"Peace in Our Time.” Thisis the scoorid single

released by "The Imposter," Elvis’ pseudonym, '
,Apparently, F-Beat records, Elvis’ British.

record label. doesn't like to release singles
before the release of the album onvwhich'they

will appear. To combat this, Elvis hardened I
"Peace in Our Time," and Punch the Clock’s I .

"'Pills and Soap,” as The lmposter in the UK.
With "Peace in Our Tin’ieﬂ Elvis Costello
has made his most poignant political statement
'to date. Politically, his inspiration forthiil song
seems to be the policies and actions of Presi-

dent Reagan. who is progressively becoming 1 I.
more unpopular among the British. One direct '

reference is made about the Grenada invasion,
as well as a sarcastic line about the president’s
nuclear space race warfare stance — "There's
already one spaceman in ’ the White
House/what you want another One for?"
Although specifics in political songs are bound
to obsoiition, as John Glenn has long since
,fallen by the wayside in Election '84, the final
message is not in the verse, but in the chorus,
the only part of the song that is repeated—
“And the bells/take their toll/once again/in a
victory chime/And we can thank Cod/that we
finally got/peace in our time." —— a sad satire of
the situation at hand. And after his solemn, yet
almost pleading vocals fade away, Elvis
pounds out haunting sounds on a blacksmith's
anvil, the instrument used to forge devices of
warfare.

So Elvis Costello ends his latest album with
the line, "we finally got peace in our time."
One can only wish that the chances of that
were as good as the sure thing that Elvis
Costello will continue to put out great music

 

it is released domestically as a single, and only

for years to come.

 

‘ C’est Moi

The first column of the year (last weeks') was composed at 9:00
Thursday morning with half an issue still in various stages of un-
written and un-put together, and, as‘l mentioned at the time, I
wasn’t really in the mood to write a column, so it sucked.

Hi.

 

 

 

 

 

It is now 6:00 the next Thursday morning, and the issue is done.
This makes for much better column-writing. .

Something that I didn’t mention in the last column (while I was
falling asleep over it) is that there's been a complete turnover of
staff up here at Aspects. Steve Marks, the well-known associate
and Jonas Naschin, his housemate and my music editor, have both
left to study in England, leaving me with Movie Editor Ian Spell-
ing and my new associates - Joseph Fusco, fun-loving and well-
loved R.A., and Michelle Krell, late of the Albany Review.

Another thing that I should have said, but didn’t is something
the whole first issue was trying to show - that Albany is a great ci-
ty, and it’s a shame to spend your years here unaware of that.

We have plays, movies, andtalented local bands. An art gallery
and theatre right on campus (although actually I’m supposed to be
arguing you off, aren't I?)

At any rate, try not to miss Out on Albany. It’s really a waste of
a diverse, cultural city.

P.S. Such Stuff As Dreams Are Made Of is playing at the PAC
tonight. It starts at 8:00, which gives you plenty of time to see a
really fine production and still do whatever you do on a Friday
ni t. ‘ ' ' ‘

83h, sure. What do you care? I'll bet you didn’t go tie the RH
concert, either. Pay more attention. I’m failing my classes to do
this magazine, you know. Make use of it.

Please. " ‘

 

Aspects' own overseas correspondent and well-known Elvis
Costello fan David Singer files a report on Elvis’ latest effort,
rebutting the multitude of critics who have maligned the
misunderstood Elvis' latest effort.

 

centerfold
A pretty scary dude himself, John Keenan graciously gives us the
low down on that stepchild of the cinema, the horror movie. Be
careful. . .but take a peek.

 

 

 

 

6a ~
That pentameter princess, Michelle Krell, continues to impress _us
here at Aspects with her meliflourous pen as we are treated to a
pair of her poems.

 

 

' 7a
Louis Lewis, returning humbly to. the pages where he got his start,
takes us to the hill; Windham Hill,‘ that is, as he reviews two of
that ﬂedgling Company's recent releases. ‘

 

 

 

 

.‘ I 8a - _' , :1 -' ’. r
Grab‘a fork! Dig into Spectrum's tasty mm" 0‘   '
inswid don'tso hm,tl“!.‘!¢$l¥snd,l- ~ ‘ ” . a w  .5:-

 

 

 

 

  
    

    
  
   
 

a

 

