   
   
  

l.

 
 

 
 

7.x}

kolnlck'

 

By Michael S half with the assist going to Joanna
 mum , . ‘ l' Lazarides. “The ball hit the crossbar and
The premiere of the Mary Dulkis Show- dropped ‘in f behind their keeper,” said
opened Tuesday at University Field as the Dulkis. - .
wdmen’s soccer team closed out their This ended the scoring for the ﬁrst half,
season with a 4-1 win over rival Union. one in which the Danes spént mostly in the
The win brought their ﬁnal record to Union side of the field. The defense played
5710 on'the season with the team having1 exceptionally well, allowing Union only 6
wori its ﬁnal three contests. _ shots in the first half. The Danes’ defen-
' sive trap strategy also caused numerous of-
fside calls on Union.

The paceeof the game picked up in the
second half as they played what Coach
Amy Kidder‘called “their best half of soc-
cer this season." Dulkis scored her second
goal of the game at 7:20 with an assist
from Dana Stam. It was another shot
which sailed over the hands of Union’s
keeper.

But, it was her third and ﬁnal goal
which brought the team to its collective
feet. Dulkis began chasing a loose ball at
midﬁeld and ran past two Union defenders
with ease. Then she faced the keeper, who

' she neatly sidestepped and put the ball in
the open net. .

“I saw the opportunity to score and I

just took it,” explained Dulkis. . .1 '.

Dulkis was the star of the game, scoring
three goals and assisting on the fourth.
Her ﬁrst goal came at 24:38 of the first

The Danes’ ﬁnaljtally of the afternoon
came as Sue Frost beat' the keeper after‘
. receiving a pass from —— who else —-

Dulkis. Union scored a meaningless goal

near the end of the game to close out the
scoring.
.. The leading scorers for the team on the
season were Lazarides. who had seven
goals and three assists; and Dulkis who
had four goals and three assists.

Co-Captain Stam had a successful
season, scoring four goals and having two
assists. Sue Frost was also an important
contributor on defense with two goals and
two assists.

For the team as a whole, this year was a
learning experience team is comprised of

     

' DAV! rm UPS
The women's soccer team defeated the
union Dutchmen 4-1 In their last game of
the season.

eruoaryrggagss‘ t1 FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 2, 1984

‘3'“ mar-3 l'rV't‘ 11 hi it Hit

many freshmen. The poor record can be

 

 

woman's UGﬂTfRG‘lWQIRGﬁE.
RE©REQTU©W GISS©QUG€WU©W
‘ (1950mm

 

Is now accepting applications for S.fl.'s
(Student assistants) for Winter '
Intramural '
Season '

  
  
  
  

.. fimwvau.

 

1

Interested persons-please pick up an
application -
In Intramural Office (Gym Main Floor)

- Monday thru Friday
1 9:00am - 4:00pm

 

 

"~ (deadline for applications November 9th)
so funded

 

 

 

cent onsurge is proof that it just took some
time for the‘players to get to know one
another and to work as a cohesive unit.
Coach Kidder was in the best position to
watch the progress of the squad and she is
encouraged by what she sees.

 

“We didn't give up when other teams
would have, we stock together and in these
ﬁnal three games I saw what the future for
us'is next year. We were able to set the
record aside and improve with each game.
I’m really pleased and proud of this
team." El

 

SPORTS BRIEFS

Hockey invitational

The ﬁrst annual Albany Invitational
Ice Hockey Tournament will serve as the
debut for the Albany State hockey team,
which is in its second year.

The tournament, played in the Center
City Ice Rink in Schenectady, will
feature Siena, MVCC, and the Adiron-
dack Junibr Red Wings. '

“Everything has happened so fast."
said Paul Essner, referring to the short
“time span in‘ which ’the club has
developed. ‘ ‘ -

This years squad is highlighted by
.many returning veterans as’ well 'as
‘freshmen‘. ' “ ' ‘
‘ “Most important our team is a tightly
knit unit," Jsaid' co-captain Larry
Hartman. ' ‘ '

'On the wings, returners include
Essner, Rich Diem, John Knab, Mike
Cavanaugh, and Scott Janicola.

0n defense, the Danes will play Hart-
:man, Billy Abrams, MArk Danskin,

Jeff Kurentur, Jeff Neadle, and Dave
Turner. ~

The goalies are Jim Leskody and
Drew Rubin.

The tournament commences tonight
with Slena against MVCC and the
Danes facing the Adirondack Junior
‘ Red Wings.

Intramural tinal

Tooling Pasemniah routed the
Masterbatters 11—4 to capture the AMIA
League II championship.

Pasemniah exploded for ﬁve runs in
the top of the sixth to break open a tight

 

contest.

(Purple-White

BArve Ravenscroft went 4-for-4 in-|

cluding four rbi’s to pace his club. Joey
Miguchka also added three hits, in-
cluding a triple and two doubles.

In the AMIA soccer championships,
Titos Tacos nipped the Dinks 2-1.

Kevin McGillycuddy sparkled in goal
stopping 11 shots on goal. He lost his
shutout when he let in a goal with four
minutes remaining in the contest.

The Albany State basketball tdatn‘tvill
play their annual Purple-and-Whitc
infra-squad scrimmage tomorrow after-
noon at 4pm. ' _

The game will pit the upstatch versus
the downstaters and will be played in the

Universuty Gym.

Hall of Fame

During halftime of tomorrow’s
Albany State-Buffalo game, the five in-
ductees ofthe Athletic Hall of Fame will
be honored.

Later on that evening, more honors
will be bestowed on the ﬁve inductees
during the Hall of Fame Dinner, held in
the Campus Center Ballroom.

Bowling tourney

The Albany State bowling club held
their first tournament this past
weekend.

The winner of the men’s division was
Eric Honor, the former Intramural
hockey star. He bowled a 592 triple and
a 211 high game.

Larry Brachfeld placed in third.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

51;,“ angsA-‘kj‘

 

    
  

: 28 central avenue "

natural foods
& produce

, the capital district’s largest
and most complete natural food store

. 10%"discou’nt with valid, student ID.
albany, ny

462- 1020 

 

    

EXPERIENCED: 11 years of family
law practice In 5 area Family Courts.

QUALIFIED: Given hi hest ratio of
“HIGHLY QUAunr'BﬁT'H Faml y Court

Judge by Capital District Women's Bar
Association.

VOTE EXPERIENCE

 

. v for ‘
‘ FAMILY COURT JUDGE
’ F LB YCOUNTY

—— VOTE iSSUEs
on November 6th. Vote Row B

DENNIS F.- lRWIN

i believe In bringing creativity and sensitivity
to Family Court. My position on the issues
ncludet:
-£stabllthlng a stress prevention program Ior
children whose parents are In conflict In the ’
family Court (similar to Saratoga County's
program).
-Impruving procedures tor the detection and
prevention of child abuse.
. Improving the court’s melhod of scheduling
cases to reduce the time people waste waiting
for their cast- to he heard.
- Promoting the use nI trained mediators-
munsulurs to help families work out their pro-
hlenls and avoid bitter court hattlesi"l)lspulc
Medleliort").
- Actively encouraging more women attorneys
and minority attorneys to partlrlpale in the
family Court process.
YOUR DECISION FOR A DECADEI
MAKE IT COlINTl

VOTE IRWIN
' PAID roa av I’KIENDS or DENNIS IRWIN

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.,........ . L. \ .

By Kristine Sauer
srxrr warren

Another successful season recently end-
ed for the Albany men’s tennis team with a
sixth straight SUNYAC. title. As usual for
this close-knit team, the success was due to

' a team effort. The top three singles players

had a big hand in this season’s satisfying

’ results.

Tcammates, friends, competitors, sup-
porters, and opponents can all describe the
relationship among Dave Grossman, at
number one singles, Tom Schmitz at
number two. and Jay Eisenberg at number
three. This also reﬂects the relationship of
the whole team.

Tennis is normally an individual sport;
one player going against another player or
in doubles. two partners against their two
opponents. But playing tennis in college is
different. One player represents a team,
and he plays against a player representing
the opposing team.

“Tennis is a very individual sport,” said
Eisenberg. “College tennis is a great ex-
perience by making an individual sport

more of a team sport. It‘s a good feeling. ,

Knowing your teammates are cheering you
ll

Grossman adds, “Somedays you play
more for yourself and then there are those
days when you're not into tennis but if you
win your match the team could win. You
have to win for the team. If you are not
giving 100 percent then you’re hurting the
whole team."

Eisenberg, now a junior, remembers a
match he had against Oneonta when he
was a sophomore. He was losing 5-1 in the
third set.

“Rob Karen and Tom Schmitz literally
talked me through the rest of the match
and I won it. It’s nice to have people on the
side rooting you on.” said Eisenberg.

Tom Schmitz pointed out what might be
a disadvantage. “While in a match I tend
to watch the other matches around me

because I was always the last one off the,

court and never got to watch."

,An example of this was at the
SUNYACs this season. The doubles match
that Schmitz and Grossman played had no
effect on the results and they both knew
that going into the match. Schmitz said,
“By the time we went out the third doubles
match was already on and it was a close

I

1- r w .»
rt’.".l ,_ 12"

Mayan/t .'--..nt!.\  rjr'.”‘.'.«l“.'3"‘.ri'v’ '\

  ~ M" ""7“""‘*‘“‘"“‘"'*FRIDAT.‘NOVEMBFR‘2TIDBI"El ﬁremrsrtjbem‘ﬁ ; ,

Team unity-t he key to A'I‘banynetmen .s d

match. Our whole ﬁrst set we watch
them.” ‘

Grossman agreed, “Since the match
didn't mean anything you start watching
the match that does."

Individually, all three juniors struggled
their freshman year breaking into the
tough Dane lineup.

Grossman. who played in high school
for Great Neck North, got into SUNY
Albany on the talented student program.
His decision to attend Albany State lied in
the academics and their status as a Divi-
sion 111 school with a fine reputation in
tennis. “At a Division 1 school, you might
not be able to play," said Grossman.

In his ﬁrst year he mostly played sixth
through eighth singles and third doubles.
The following year he moved up to fourth
singles and first doubles with Dave Ulrich.
Last spring as a doubles team they made it
to the Nationals. This year he moved to
ﬁrst singles and now plays first doubles
with Schmitz. Grossman noticed the dif—
ference in play level.

“First of all everyone you face can
play," said Grossman. “Secondly, you
have to learn to win points because the
other players don’t lose them that easily."

Schmitz, a local product from Scotia,
grew up playing tournaments here on cam-
pus. He was offered a scholarship to
Washington State University, but thought
that it would be ridiculous to go there. He
decided against LeMoyne in Syracuse
because he didn't like the looks of it.
Schmitz also turned down an offer to play
at rSiena because their tennis program
looked weak, he then decided to attend
Albany State.

“It's close, it has a good business school
and I knew the team was good," said
Schmitz. “I knew the local players that
were here were good but not outstanding,
so I figured I'd have no problem coming in
and playing. Then I saw how tough they
were.”

That first year, four out of the top six
players were seniors. Schmitz remembers
that for him to get into the starting lineup,
he had to take Lerner's number six spot.

“I felt bad about trying to beat him.”
said the junior. “I thought the other guys
wouldn’t like me —- he was a senior and
was friends with all those guys." Schmitz

 

By Tom Kacandes
STAN" WRITER

The doubts are gone. From week to
week more and more of the competition
is finding out that the Albany State
men’s cross country team is for real.
Ask runners from the University of
Rochester. Ranked ahead of Albany
earlier in the year, the Yellow Jackets
were crushed b\' the Dane barriers last
Saturday at the Albany Invitational.
Tuesday, the same Dane squad finished
third at the ICAAAA Championships
held in East Slroudsberg, Pennsylvania.

The only teams to beat Albany were
Brandeis, 22 points, the reigning Na-
tional Champion and ranked number
one this year, and Glassboro State, 56
points, third in the nation last year and
ranked sixth in 1984. The Danes third
place finish, 72 points, should help them
finally crack the top-10 in the National
rankings. Individually, senior Ed
McGill. sixth overall in 26:32, and cup-
lain Jim Erwin, 10111 in 26:59, were both
named All-East Conference runners. an
honor no Albany runner has earned in n
decade. Ilinlt mcn broke up llrnndcis‘
lilP‘llll‘L‘C runners. “something we
wouldn't hnvc dreamed of lust your."
recalled a now confident I'irwin. “This
year’s meet was a bit small, Inn we
.showcd that w‘c can run with the big-
namc teams; we can run Wit It anybody."

Junior Ian Clements showed his
slrcngth and consistency as he finished
15th in 27: 14. “It was a very slow course

 

Men harriers third in IC4A’sV

with two huge hills, and lots of grass to
slog through, but I ran the hills pretty
well." Junior Chuck Brenner also ran
the hills well. using his advantage to
place 22nd overall. Co-captain Chris
Callaci rounded out the Danes' scoring
with his 28th place finish. “Some of us
were a little flat today after running

hard at the Albany Invitational."
Callaci explained, “but it didn‘t hurt us
as a team."

The men harriers will have lots of
time to recover because the top seven
runners will rest from competition until
they run at the NCAA New York State
Regional Qualifiers the Saturday after
next at Hamilton College. In the mean—
time, the second sct of seven runners
will represent Albany at the N.Y. State
Championships at Sicna College this
coming Saturday. “We expect to do
pretty well at Siena," senior Jim
McClinin said. “The other guys will be
cheering us on and we'll have Coach
Munscy’s reputation to uphold, so
that‘s incentive."

“()nr depth iswhut makes us better
than most tenths." explained Head
(‘onch Ilob Mnnscy. “I‘m lucky to have
a loyal bunch of younger kids that I can
trust to do the job when I want to rest
people. They'll do fine." Looking for-
ward to lhc Regionnls, Mnnsey said
again. “They‘ll do just fine. Anything
can happen, but our guys have con-
fidence and they'll work to make [It
right thing happen." D

 

 

 

' his tennis career. Schmitz moved from the
' seven spot to the second spot. “I played

 

and third doubles with Grossman. of the matches, but I continued toplay
The following fall was the highlight of well," said Schmitz. ; . -
Schmitz also played in the second singles

spot with Rob Karen that season. , , .
This season Schmitz stayed atvsecond

great to get there (second singles). Once I
17R

got the spot I was scared of just losing all

"P ore *-

  
  

 

      

 

 

s, 12.2.- .i- , 1m .

 

_
COURTESY OF BOB LEWIS

Team ea tain Jay Eisenberg was a Iatipafart oi the Dane netmen‘s success this
season. The netmen won their sixth S N AC in a row this year. .

Collegejocks deserve bucks f

(AP) If its many as a third of prcmcir college athletes, cspccinlly football players. sign
contracts with agents before the NCAA allowed deadline - as one prominent agent claims .
- the questions become “Why?” and “What can be done?“

“Nowadays, the kids don’t get anything," Tennessee football Coach Johnny Majors
said. “It’s not fair, because some of them come from homes where the parents can't af-
ford to send them money." ' _

Majors is one of many coaches and athletic directors who support the idea of paying
athletes up from, giving them perhaps $50 a month or maybe $1,000 a year to cover itt'
cidcntal costs. ,  . I ,

“I think that’s a possibilty," Don James, coach of No.1 ranked Washington. said. ,
“I'd like to see the players get a little bit more. They do so much for the universities.”-

“There are problems involved here, though. Can an athletic department afford 5:10 for 1
all college football and basketball players? ‘Can an athletic department afford that ,
amount for all its athletes. bith men and women? It probably can't. So the key question
would be: Is it the money going to be just for football?"

In early 1983. Heisman Trophy winner Herscth Walker left Georgia a year early and"
signed a multimillion dollar contract with the New Jersey Generals of the United States"
Football League after compromising his college eligibility by rctuining an agent.

After losing Walker, Georgia ,Coaclt Vince Dooley said one of the problems was ,
created by the NCAA itself when it changed its rules several years ago to halt schools ’
from providing spending tnoncy and part-time jobs to athletes.

“Some of these fellows have no way of earning money." Dooley said. “They can't
have part-time jobs during the school year, and if they ticcd to go to school in the sum-
mer, they can't work in the summer."

In the last month. Jerry Robinson and Mike Quick of the Philadelphia l-‘uglcs and
[083 Heisman Trophy winnr Mikc Roricr have admitted violating NCAA rules by sign-
ing with agents during their senior seasons.

Leigh Steinberg, one of the lending agents, is the one who rays one third of the top col—
leginns sign with agents bcl'orc lhe NCAA deadline.

“The competition lcvcl among ngcnis has grown enormously," says Stcinbcrg, who
adds that he has never signed an athlete with eligibility remaining. “The creation of the
United States Football League Incuns there are more jobs for college football players.
And that has drawn new agents into the field. Now there are more agents than there are
football players." ' ‘

Many say Steinberg's estimate is too high. 13

 

