    
   

 

 

 

 

umw—p—w—

 

' . John Toner, .-
president of the NCAA,

. will be the guest speaker
_ at this Saturday night’s
;_ ’Ha'll: of Fame Dinner.
téTickets Can still be purchased
from Mari-Warner.

' r

".I

i .srvnﬁamsss's; oat/Esoargocroaeago. 19,84

SPORTS 831555» 

 

 

 

Want to help others and gain
4 some valuable training for

yourself? Middle Earth peer-

counseling and crisis j

intervention services is now accep-

ting applicationsﬂ If you have
some free time-- become a Middle

Earth Volunteer by calling us to-

‘v dayll 45 7-7800 (or stop by 102
. Schuyler Hall D’utch Quad). A

8A. Funded '

I Wrestler triumphs

Matt Ryan, an Albany State junior,

prestigious Stockholm Junior Open, an
internatinal Oreco-Romanr wrestling
tournament for l7~20-year-olds held Oc-
tober 6-7. An Olympic sport, Greco-
Roman encourages high throws by
stressing upper body technique and pro-
hibiting the use of legs to hook, trip or
turn an opponent.

Wrestling at l80.5 pounds, Ryan
scored a l3-0 superior decision over
Marcel Wisselkvist of the Sodertalje BK
wrestling club before losing matches to
the eventual silver and bronze medalists.

The United States National Team
placed second with 31 points. edging out
Bulgaria, a Greco-Roman power, by
three points. Sweden won with 47
points.

The two-day tournament involved
teams from six nations and 39 Scandina-
vian wrestling clubs.

Ryan made the US. team by qualify-
ing at a regional tournament in April
winning the Final National Team Trials
in June. '

Softball finals

The Block of Beagles have captured
the AMlA League lA Championship.
They nipped Fullhouse 8-7 in the finals
on a run in the bottom of the sixth inn-
ing. Nick Apostle got the game-winning
rbi as he belted a two-out single with
runners on first and third.

in League lB, James Abernathy walk-
ed with the bases loaded to force in
Marc Reich for the winning run in the
bottom of the sixth, as the Tailgunners
edged Rolling Thunder 4-3 in the finals.
' For the Tailgunners, it was their ﬁrst
championship in their three year
existence.

  

 

represented the UnitedAStates in the '

Tooling Pasemnian defeated Rapping

Rodney in the ﬁnals of League II.
And in League III, the Dirty Dirtbags

beat the Warriors for the championship.

Ho sets record

Great Dane runningback Ro Mitchell
broke a record last Saturday in the foot-
ball game against Hofstra when he ran
back a kickoff for a 95 yard touchdown.

He broke a record set by Jack Burger
on September 22, I979 when he returned
a kick for 94 yards against Southern
Connecticut.

Also in the same game kicker Dave
Lincoln just missed a record himself.
When he booked a 47 yard field goal he
was just one yard shy of Dario Arango’s
record of 48 yards which was set on Oc-
tober ll, I980 against Buffalo.

Women ‘cagers wln

Even though they have been together
for only two weeks, the Women’s
basketball team defeatedl the Amateur
Athletic Union Cougars in their first
scrimmage of the year on Saturday. Oc-
tober 27.

Ronnie Patterson, a senior, put inthe
final basket with twenty seconds left to
give Albany a one point victory.

Rainny Lesane led the team with l6
points and only two fouls, with each
player getting equal play time during the
informal scrimmage.

Coach Mari Warner said after the
game, “i was very pleased with the per-
formance of the team today. We kept
the Cougars down pointwise."

She added that among other things,
“the team still needsa work in learning
how to read the other team's defense,
but we're working on it.”

Assistant coaches Jim Johnson and
Patti Becker helped out in coaching the
14 players.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1‘ GET HOME FHSTI

EVERY WEEKEND EXPRESS
SERVICE DIRECT FROM THE
CHMPUS TO LONG ISLHND.

CONNECTIONS ET HLBHNY

NEW YORK CITY.

SPECIHI. STUDENT

FORE
$17.50 ONE WHY
Catt: 451-3331-CONTaCT OFFICE

OR
436,-965l-HLBHNY TERMINHI.

 

 

 

 

 

FOR WESTCHESTER FlND- "

COMMODORE 6’0-
VlC-CP/M

MﬂClNTOSﬂ‘

 

456-1111
Mon-Ftl ‘IOﬂM-TPM
SHT lOﬂM-SPM

 

MICROSOFT ‘
FLIGHT SIMULATOR

15199 Central ﬁve. ﬂlbony
"/4 mile WEST of Wolf Rd.)

THE BEST HIGH IN
TOWN!

   

IBM-ﬂ PPLE-

aTaRI-Tasao
é

-_ OTHERS

IF FLYING YOUR PERSONAL COMPUTER
WAS ANY MORE REALlSTlC YOU’D NEED
A LICENSE.

Microsoft. Flight Simulator instrumentation is so complete and accu-
rate, it meets the FAA regulations for day and night visual and instru-
ment flight conditions.

- SOFTWHRE HLWHYS
DISCOUNTED
UP TO 20 percent

(".30 IN SYRHCUSE HT
2848 ERIE BLVD E.
(315)645-2511

  

 

 

 

:3”;- mmtrww y»? _-  .:~‘» «:1» “

 

 

 

:,.--“_s~e—9a-U.L4

 

 

'By Dean Chang
Assoc“ re spans EDITOR

This weekend’s University Center
Championships was an appropriate end of
a frustrating season for Albany State's
men's soccer team.

The Danes lost to top-seeded Bingham-
ton, 4<l on Saturday, and followed that up
with a 2-l defeat to Stony Brook in the
consolation game on- Sunday. That gave
Albany a ﬁnal record of 3-] l-2, a far cry
from pre-season expectations.

“I never anticipated this bad of a
record," said Albany Head Coach Bill
Schiefl‘elin. “Before the season I was a hell
of a lot more enthusiastic.‘l am extremely
disappointed; I expected that we would
have been a hell of a lot more successful
record-wise. ' ’

Frustration is not limited to the coaches.
On the field, the player's frustration was
evident. Certain players were trying to do
too much on their own, and the team-play
became a thing of the past.

Schieffelin said before the Binghamton
game that some sort of line-up change was
nccccssary to get the Danes to play more
aggressively. The most noticeable change
was at midfield, whch Jcrry Isaacs was
moved from his forward spot and captain
.lcff Hackctt was moved to sweeper.
Schicffelin wanted to get solid, consistent

I satisﬁed his wishes.

 

1 TUESDA Y,"OCTOBER 30,1984 :1 "ALBANY ‘s‘ruoaly'rrasss 

 Men booters lose two to end disa

play from midﬁeld. and Saturday's play!

As a team. though , Albany was
outhustled in the second period, after play-'
ing an excellent ﬁrst half thatrkept the
score 2-l at halftime. Kenny Lane,‘ who
played himself on to ‘the starting team with ,
his efforts against RPl, once again proved
himself worthy of starting. He headed the
ball into the net for the Dane’s only goal ~
against the Colonials.

“Kenny did a nice job out there," said
Schieffelin. “He gave'a lot of effort during
the game, and he had a good second effort
on the ball on the goal. He distributed the
ball nicely."

The second half saw Binghamtonitakc
advantage of an Albany mistake to put the
score out of reach.

Both games this weekend were very
physical, as numerous players received
yellow cards. Despite being punched, kick-
ed, and elbowed against Stony Brook, Carl
loos felt that the Binghamton was more
physical for him.

“That guy that l was marking was
cheap-shotting me all game," said loos.
"He kicked my feet from under me right in
front of his own bench. I go way back with

 

 

him... its been like six years that I've been

marking him."
17. Carl loos and Jeff Hackatl advance the

Women harriers take third at AIA W

By Cathy Errlg
STAFF WRITER .

The pieces that had fit together so well
for the Albany women's cross-country
team during their dual-meet season, mak-
ing it the team's most successful season
ever, formed an almost-complete picture
once again this past Saturday as the Danes
finished a very respectable third in the
AIAW New York State meet held in

Quarterback
good game. He’was $719 for 104 yards ‘with
a 44-yard bomb to John Donnelly. He had
two other long throws to Donnelly that fell
right off of the latter’s fingertips. He
threw one interception in the closing stages
ofthe game. Touchdown throw to Donnel~
ly over the middle. was pretty. 4] yards
rushing for the quarterback.

Grade: B r

 

Running Backs: Another [00-yard day for
Dave Soldini. He had his weekly long run;
Ithis one .for over 50 yards. Soldini ran
,behind’l‘om Jacobs and John Sawchuck to
get a first down on a fourth and four play.
Ro Miichell ran effectively to the inside as
’chI as turning the corner on outside runs;
he gained 38 yards.. Dana Melvin blocked
well On the outside runs.

Grade: A - - ‘

Receivers! Donnelly had four catches for
~82 yards. included In that stat Was a
“Warden which. was a great reception.
ﬁnd 5- ZO-yard catch for a touchdown.
Chris Haynor caught for 20 yards. A cou-
Lple 'of drops. ruined a big day for Russell.

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

e'LlneIitussell hada lotolj time to

} kingpin very'gootl too.

reintrofthe 202.

 

£9- cttina . bate

 

Jerri Russell 'piti'y'edaa at;

Binghamton. The finish was greatly pleas-
ing to the team, whose feelings were sum-
med up by Coach Ron Lewis' words, “We
have our momentum back.”

The verity of this statement can be pro-
vcn by the fact that of the three teams that
were victorious over Albany at last week’s
SUNYAC meet. Albany defeated
Binghamton and substantially narrowed
the gap between itself and Cortland from

Defenslye ‘Llne‘: Rick Pu o , Dennis
Murphy’and John Redmond had aparty'in
the Dutchman’s backfield. There” were
eight quarterback sacks. Ron Washington
came back from a neck injury; he and
Murphy made a McLaughlin sandwich on
the sack. I'm sure McLaughlin wasn't just
welcoming Washington back. Hofstra did
rush for I77 yards including l08 'yards
from Magailanes.

Grade: B-

 

 

35 points to a mere l l. Plattshurgh did not
compete in this meet.

The final results of the race were as
follows: Ithaca 56, Cortland 92, Albany
103, Stony Brook ll], Binghamton l3l,
Fredonia 148, Hamilton I65, University of
Rochester I70, Oswcgo 237, Geneseo 256,
and Brockport 270. The individual winner
was Cathy Livingston of Ithaca with a time
of 18:00.

      

DANE TRANSCRIPT

they at be en sobadly haf'n
fdefe‘nderjwas ‘ln sight, especially on
Mackey's tWo touchdowns; Formcr';
UCLAer McLaughlin managed 280 yards”
against them. ~ ‘
Gradezc ' ‘

 

Special Teams: Mitchell ran back a kickoff-
for a 95~yard touchdown and a new Dane
record which gave the Danes a four-point
lead with 13:22 left. He scooted down the
sideline with only Mr. All-American.
Larry Galizla tobeat and juked him Into

 

tents and purposes they patrolled their back on downsaDonnelly again showedhisE

There- was only 'one quarterback "that he ran back» for a-r'ldéyatdsc

Linebackers: Jim Valentino had his usual tomorrow. Robbin Williams had a great
day hitting whatever he could get"to,_ open field tackle on Tony Woods fora
covering the whole field. Frank sarcoynev. one-yard loss on a kickoff. 0n Hofstra's,
had a bunch of big tackles himself. Some’vbadtsitap‘by their panting uniteve'ry Dane;
of the runs went past them but for all in; iwas alert and all over him to get the ball

scrambling ability when-he turned-a busted,
extra point attempt into a two point throiv..:
- Soldini scored a two-pointer once and was.
. stopped once. . . .
Secondary: Either they had great coverage Grade: A '
or were beaten badly. 0n the good side... .‘   . , ,
Wayne Anderson returned an interception ‘Rlcltlng'gametMark Piersimoni just haste:
for 25 yards and a score. He couldn't havefv-‘o‘ve that carpet. A‘xflriendlybounce gave.
done anything differently on that has in a 50-yat‘d;:pu “' itsaverage 't‘orfthe;
Wohlgemulh score. Cornerback Matt"l<atia__al:tetnoon.wasjust tier 35 yards
stopped everything that tried'to go around Lincoln booted an d'l‘ie’ld: ,
D' l '

area well.
Grade: B

y

 

  
  

  

the end. Kerry carton-“had an interception“; yard shgrt/of a the r’

  

  

 

end otlhsahm ’
the;

 

ERICA SPIEOEL UPS

ball downlleld.

State meet

The key factors for Albany's impressive
return to its previous winning form were
the recoveries of two previously injured
runners, Lynn Jacobs and Rachel Braslow,
and the consistently strong performances
of Karen Kurthy, Donna Burnham, Betty
Dzamba and Kim Pettichord. Out olf‘a
field of 87 finishers, Karen Kurthy ﬁnished
ninth with a time of l8:37, an improve-
ment Of 24 seconds from her running of

the Binghamton course earlier in the‘

season. Burnham placed 20th with the time
of |8:55, an improvement of 49 seconds
from her performance in the Binghamton
race. Dzamba‘s strong 25th place ﬁnish in
l9:ll further cemented her reputation of
being one of the most consistent and
outstanding of Albany‘s team. And Pet-
tichord's 261h place finish in l9:l2 was a
dramatic comeback from her unpleasant
experience in the SUNYAC competition in
which she was unable to complete the race.

Jacob‘s 33rd place finish and time of
19:30 illustrated that she is well on her way
to fully recovering from the injury that has
kept‘ltcr front competing for close to a
month. Making her return to competition
on what White described as “the toughest
course anyone would want to come back
on," she proved that she can be counted
on to come through for the team in their
upcoming ESAC and Regional
competitions.

Brasluw was another runner making a
comeback for an injury Saturday. Her
time of 20:16, which gave her a 54th place
finish, was also an improvement over her
time in the previous meet vs.
Binghamton-

Chris Varley, Albany‘s seventh runner.
finished with a respectable time of 20:20-'
and was, as always, “dependable as can
be," according to White.

Armed with a renewed winning spirit
and confidence, the team is once again
ready to roll, and is looking forward to
this weekend's Eastern State meet which
will be held here in Albany at “:30 am.
this Saturday. The team is pleased to have
the opportunity to return to its home
course this late in the season, especially in
an invitational type setting. for the pur-
pose of measuring the extent of their im-
provement. It will also give the Danes the
opportunity to compete against Cortland
on their own course, a factor that may
figure to be a great advantage to Albany’s
team. This, plus the continuing recoveries
of Jacobs and Braslow, should provide the
missing pieces in the team's total picture.

El

 

 

 

 

.. £211“—

 

