 

.. 33,-.. ~_WI.M‘

re.ywm,a_a.mn

.. a._.s V _;-_‘ 1. -‘._»~ \ \_..W-__v.-.;

 

, w «--._~-_.s

 

 

   

privilege of watching in a very detached fashi
' on. We
divorced from these’things -— they are foreign to us. are

clear. In saying we v take the freedoms we have for
granted, I don't mean that we don't use them or don't ap-
preciate them. Indeed we do. I am not writing this to
argue the evils of a capitalist system. but only to illustrate
the ways in which we live affect our perception ofthe rest
ofthe world. I am not here to argue we should repent for
our wealth. and give everything we have to somebody
else. We shouldn’t. But we should perceive what we have
much differently than we do.

see our co-inhabitants in that light. As a result of the way
we live. however. we see others out of gilded monocular
, .

Our way is the best way" our leaders claim. I would res-

  
 

 

 EDﬂOmM£i;

No snow job in ’85

he ﬁrst flurries fell in a silent blanket upon
the podium last night, a dreaded sign of

‘ wtnter drawing closer and closer. As in-
evuable as these ﬁrst snows are the first versions
ofJnext year's SUNY budget.

us! as it’s time to start bundiin it it's ti
start preparing for the budgetagry pbattlesmt‘ii:
await when the winter snows begin to melt.

The proposed budget that SUNY is sending on
to Governor Cuomo and the legislature for ap-
proval ts one worth fighting for. Not only does it
call for no tuition hike, it includes improvements
for this campus that are long overdue:
> the addition of 39 full-time faculty positions as
well as 17 positions for support staff. This wobid
help reverse the declining ratio of faculty to
students (discussed in today's page one story) im~
provmg the quality of our education. ’
> the Initial steps in constructing a fieldhouse and

more student housing. For years our administra-
tion has been trying to get the funds to upgrade
the athletic facilities here. which are not up to par
for a major university. We can only hope that this
year the state answers our call.

As for housing: With enforcement of the
‘grouper law' and conditions‘in the student ghetto
becoming an explosive issue on campus, there’s
no two ways about it: we need more housing.

Next summer about 1,000 students will find
themselves without a home due to the law, and
conditions on campus are already overcrowded. If
the state doesn’t come through with money for
more housing, there's no telling what kind of mess
the administration will have on its hands in the
next few years.

> improvements to the computer facilities. As
those who have waited and waited in the LC hails,
or have gotten up at 7:00 am. to be the first on

line, know, there's never enough.

The proposed budget addresses two urgent giu.
dent concerns: keepingrates down and keepin
quality up. But it is only a proposal. g

The budget can be completely revised by
Cuomo in January, and then again by the
legislature, until the governor finally signs it in
spring.

One of Cuomo’s campaign promises two years
ago was to insure for us a “low-cost. high-quality

'education.” In the budgets he created in 1983 and
‘b4 there were substantial rate hikes and/or s'cr.
Vice cuts.

No matter how wonderful the picture looks
now, there are no guarantees that more hikes and
cuts won’t be waiting for us in January.

so when spring rolls around, and the last few
ﬁurries brush the podium, let's make sure we're
not the victims of a legislative snow job.

the

 

COL UMN

Taking prosperity for granted

Now that election time has rolled around again all ofa
sudden it seems to have become more fashionable to talk
about this country, especially in terms of its relationship
to the rest of the world. The issues the people and the
government face, however. go far beyond the miniseule
four year term ofa presidency. They are the culmination
of 208 years of history.

iim Fulton .

I
This country is now out of synch with the rest of the
world, and the rift between the reality of what we as a na-
tion are facing and the perception we have of what we are
facing is growing increasingly wide. This country has an
immense supply of natural resources, of geographical
area, of educational opportunities, of consumer goods
of information and of material wealth. ’
We are an exception to the rules to which most other
countries oblige. We have never been invaded. and not
Since the Civil War (a very sobering event) has our coun-
try sttffered the horrors a war brings. We haven't known
the limits our country has (and it does have them) for sup-
porting its voracious appetites. Except as the result of
pitiful economic circumstance, this country has not
known starvation. Starvation, that is. in the ultimate -
sense:.t.hat we literally don't have the physical capability
of feeding our‘people. Many of our people have never
known oppresston. Many have, of course, and it has pro-
foundly altered their impressions of what this country
stands for. These would be trite points to make were it
not for the ways in which this heritage, or lack of it af-
fects our perception of the rest of the world. I
Our country‘s prosperity acts as an anesthetic. We
watch television and can actually believe the concocted
dramas and inflated lifestyles we see. We can go into the
store and buy the things advertised on television, or at
least see that they do indeed exist. if nothing else as a
source of inspiration and as symbols of things to aspire
to. We can watch people starving, or being shot, or read
about people being oppressed and denied fundamental
freedoms we take so much for granted, but we have the

Let me pause for a moment and make my purpose

We are all citizens of a world community, and should

playing out the role we set for them, conﬁrming our
monocular impression that we are indeed exempt from
starvation, war. and oppression? That we indeed are
seems to be the myth of America.

We tend to believe when something goes awry (by our

standards) in another country, it is because there is
something fundamentally wrong. I would argue precise-
ly theppposite: that there is something fundamentally
right, just something we have never known before. The
way our government reacts to these things is very impor—
tant. It seems most of the time we try and impose our
mode of thinking, which has been molded by the intense
prosperity discussed above. on that country and make
things "right" — again by our standards. We can't (nor
can the Russians or anyone else) continue to do this for
long, as it is a false order we are imposing. We and others
must realize this and take steps to correct it.

We also must realize this doesn‘t involve merely a
change in Foreign Policy. That is far to quick and easy a
solution, by itself, and precisely what we are looking for'
that is.some debasement of a fundamental change iii
perception, a perception we have yet to come to terms
With, far less alter. These changes in policy, these easy
solutions, are what our politicians offer. and while the ef-
forts of politicians should be encouraged, they should
also be recognized as merely stop-gap measures to tide us
over until our perception of the world is more coinciden-
tal, more in synch, with its reality. Only then can this
country reach out and help effectively.

pond, “Yes, but that is only because of the way the dice
fell. We happened to buck into this huge piece of Real
Estate, which just happens to be rich in many things, and
thus allows us to be immune to the forces that play so
heavily on other countries of the world."

How are we to be truly sympathetic to the things we
have never known? This is a question it is time we gave
much deliberated thought to, especially when considering
the ways our leaders may respondc to it. Are they merely

I Changing‘this perception of our world is where CtillUtl»
tion comes In. We are. in school acquiring tools which
should be used to analyze or describe our world, but all
too often they are use-specific and are adopted to
prescribe ideas or systems and then impose tltcni. We
should try and free ourselves from these use-specific
tools, as they are ultimately handicapping. Perhaps the
General Education Requirements are a step in this
direction. ’ ~
We are thuge powerful countrv, and have tiic latitude
to behave irresponsibly. Many other countries do not
have that latitude. We must realize that war. oppression
poverty and internal strife, although odious, are the rules
rather, than the exceptions, and although many of us
haven thad to confront these problems head on they are
the reality of the lives of millions of people and maybe
one day, will be the reality of our own. '
We must willingly try to understand things front at
standpomt other than behind our rockets, cereal in)ch
and gas stations. or .thn we have taken up the slack
itﬁrgeusobyegifocomctdence of our country's wealth. \\‘c
be‘I‘-‘I)opefully, we'll be able'to change our perceptions long
re, while we are still in a position to contribute im—
mensly to the welfare of the world. if we don't, one day
we Will end up in the same boat as the countries we are
{tvﬁr‘yytng to help and, I hope, if that time comes (and it
mu  we do nothing to prevent it) that others will take its
Shozldtggulzlemt‘o change their perceptions of us its we

 

 

 

4 ~.-.i...A.=_>~...i.-~..u  .. ,

LETTERS

ragedy on Campus ‘

‘ o the Editor:

I was recently witness to a tragedy on campus. A man
raumatically collapsed. I later found out unfortunately

e passed away. A group of about 20 students gathered to

be what was going on, and one immediately ran to call

it ambulance. This was at about 1:20 pm. on Wednes-

ay, November 7. We all stayed with the man, and a few

'_I coplc attended to him. However, it was about 1:40, by
he time the ambulance arrived. This time seemed like an
teinity to us helpless, but concerned students. This all
. eads me to question that the outcome might have been if
medical help had arrived earlier. I believe that the entire
university community should be concerned as a result of
{this delay in obtaining the vital help, that anyone of us
could need at anytime.

   
   
    
  
  

—-Mlchael Hecht

‘ iLook beyond West

‘0 the Editor:

' It is with painful amusement to read in W. Scott
Thompson's book, The Third World, that: The Third
World can be regarded as simply a residue: what is left-
when one has subtracted from the world as a whole, the
industrialized West — mostly living under a system of
n; capitalist or mixed economies —— and the Communist em-
 pires of Russia, China, and their satellites." It so happens
 that the majority of the smeallcd Third World countries
it are wholly or mainly non-white. This fact introduces a
‘5 strong racial overtonc to the picture.

V. The arrogance of Western society and leadership is
 demonstrated everyday through the management of mass
 media. A Capital District Area publication recently car-
.. ried an article on world news based on the assassination
 of India's Indira Gandhi. The article purported to
- demonstrate the responses of Western and so-called Third
i, World leaders to the tragic event. The responses recorded
 were as follows:

President Reagan, Pope John Paul II: Israel Govern~

 

 m
 aspects

Established In 1915
David L.L. Lalkln. Editor In Ohio!
Jerry Cumplone. Managing Editor

.HoldtGralto.Jamos O'Suillvan
..,A|ictaC|mbora
. ... .. ..John Koonan
Joe Fur-co, Michelle Kroll
.. .. .Torn Kacundss

News Editor! .............. ..
Allocllto News Editor
ASPacts Editor ........... ..

      
 
 
 
  

Movies Edlto  . . .Ian Spotting
Sport: Editors .Marc Batman. Keith Mnrdor
 ..Donn Chang

 

EdltoriaangeeEdltor .... ..

Wltmotl Spectrum and Events Editor: Rina Voung Artlst: Stove Bryson

Judy Iorel, Business Manager
Lynn SIIIVII. Assoc/ate Business Manager
Jane Hirsch. Advertising Manager
Mike Krelrnlr. Salas Manager

Billing Accountant

 
  
  

 

 

Btnghi. Linda Delgado, Fran LoBasao. Marjorie Rosanthal

Suun Kant. Production Manager
Jennltar Haydon. Associate Production Manager

ran Hurwltz. Richard Sheridan

Modlavltla, Chris Otsint. Lieu Simmons. Robort Saucy.
; Tygar

reserved.
notrlor‘pruiit corporation.

does not necessarily roilocl odltorial policy.
Mailing address:
3 Albany Stuttrinl Prose, CC 320
l “00 Washington Ave.
' Albany. Ny 12222

 

.. "Edward Rolnus
Contributing Editors Jane Anderson. Dean Boll. Mark Gosnoi. Lisa erabolln.
Patricia Mitchell, Wayne Pouroboom. Lisa Strain. Edtlorlul Assistants:
Christopher alomqulal. Michelle Bushur, Hick Swanson. llono Wotnslein.
Stall writers: Torn Bergen, Morin Carllno, Leslie Chart. Johanna Clancy, tan
Clements. Betta Dzambo. Cothleon Errlg. Ronald Brunt Gurston. Judy Geoch-
wtnd, Bob Hanlon, Eric Hlndln, Maddl Kun, John Parker. Chrlstino Beltalt.Joo
Romano, Kristine Snuor, Mtchuol Skolnlck. Perry Tiachtnr. Mlko Turkady, John

.Bnndoe Bahar

Payroll Supervise .... ..Gay Porous
CI|g||t|.d Il-n-n Etlonn shoehon
nut-n Mark Calalnno

Advertising Sales: Denise Eoyallan, Marc Hobormon, Sue Klnin, Steve Lutt,
Judy Nusabaum. Scott Rain. David Wlllmott. Advertising Production: Elaine
" Frieder, Yoroan Gtacnlono, Marc Hoberman. Maura Koltatt. Eileen Kolbasuk,
Sharon Okun. Amy Paporny, Lynn Saigol. Gila Ynhyai. Ottch Stall: Christine

Chi-I Typo-otter .......................................................................... ..Lancuy Heyrnan
TyplIlI: Dobora Adelmann, Tara Cititon. Jeannine Dianuua. Saran Eveland.
Sara PM, Lisa Giambronc, Mnuruon McHugh. Pant Slraubor. Puts-up: Adam 5.
Eagle. Patricia Gtannola. Peggy Kollnur, Stephen Rudolph, chlutlourlt War»

Photography principally Iuppliod by University Photo Service. I Itudont
grnu .
‘ Chlot Photographer: Erica Splagel UPS Sll": Short Albert, Amy Cohan, Marla

Culttnnn, John Curry, Lynn Drollus. Cindy Gstway. Adam Ginsburg. Robert

H to Is no, Kenn Kirsch. Robert Luckoy. Ezra Maurer. Mark
“Human”. on a y David Slrtck, Howard

Entire contents copyright 1964 Albany Student Press Corporation. I" right-

Thn Albany Student Press is published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. an Independent

Editorials are written by the Editor In Chlol with members oi the Editorial
Board: policy is subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy

 

 

 

J (5113) 457-ﬂd92l3322l3589
4

 

merit; Tass; People’s Republic of China; Pakistani Presi-
dent Zia_Ul-Haq; Egyptian Minister of State; Britain:
Kuwait; Australia; Austria: Italy; Thailand and the.
Netherlands.

Mrs. Gandhi was the leader of the vastest democracy
among the developing nations and, since the New Delhi
summit of March, 1983, she had been the chairperson of
the Non-Aligned block. Throughout her political career,
she was a visible and strong participant in the liberational
movements in Southern Africa.

One, indeed, must ask —— Did the scores of Indira Gan-
dhi's colleagues in the developing countries have anything
to say about her demise]

—.!aphet Zwana

Refreshing experience

To the Editor:

The SUNYA Big BrotherBig Sister Program would like
to extend its heartfelt thanks to a group of very special in-
dividuals. On Saturday, Oct. 27. we were treated to a
wonderful Halloween by the Tusc—Seneca residence staff
on Indian Quad. Residence Director Pam Sylakowski and
RAS Gil Meyer, Neal Moskow. Beth Stevens. and Aileen
Brown put together for our children and counselors a par-
ty loaded with food, decorations, games, prizes and ex-
citement. They also arranged for us to finish our day with
trick-or-treating through the dormitories on Indian
Quad. We would also like to thank Indian Quad Board
which donated $150 for the party and our parent
organization, Big BrotherBig Sister of Albany County,
Inc. which donated an additional $25. Thanks also go to
all the suites that volunteered to give out candy to the
trick-or-trcaters.

In these troubled days when people often find little
time for others, it is refreshing to find-a group of in-
dividuats who will take the time to do something special
for others. And there are fifty college students and fifty
children who will never forget it.

~—Bradley Allen
—Darryl Martin

Helping ourselves

To the Editor:

The recent coverage of the problems of off-campus
students has heightened both student awareness and con-
cern of the so-callcd “anti-grouper" law which prohibits
more than three, unrelated people from living in an apart-
ment. In an effort to alleviate these concerns, the Univer-
sity's Off<Campus Housing Office, the Student Associa-
tion, and the Off-Campus Association (OCA), have been
working with the City of Albany to find a solution to the
problem of over-crowded student housing.

Before any real solutions can be found, we must learn
the extent of the housing I‘squeeze" in the City. On
November 13 and 14, the Off-Campus Housing Office
will be conducting a survey of off-campus sttident hous-
ing. This will be a one-page, anonymous questionnaire
designed to determine the number of students living in
violation of the law, as well as other problems of off-
campus students. We would like to encourage every stu-
dent who ridcs the bus home to fill out this survey and
return it to your btts driver. The results of this survey will
be kept for use by the University only. We need to know
“how” you live — please help by filling out the
questionnaire.

——I)ave Sllk

Chair, Off-Campus Association
Brendan Keane

Vice Chair. Off-Campus Association

Hockey is here

To the Editor:

During the past weekend of Nov. 2nd and 3rd. Albany
State hosted the first annual Albany State Invitational Ice
Hockey Tournament. This tournament was highlighted
by sparkling plays, exciting moments, and a great overall
team effort. All thesekey ingredients added up to, not
only games that were fun to watch, but games in which
the skating Danes showed both heart and desire that led
to the bringing home of the tournament trophy.

All the great playing aside. and we were very proud of
our team incidentally, we must congratulate all the
dedicated and inspired fans that came down to cheer their
team on. It's one thing to play a tough Opponent. but it's
yet another thing to play that tough opponent with the aid
of an extra player. The element we refer to was the over
200 extremely vocal and vivacioust energetic and sup-
portive fans. There’s no comparable feeling to playing in
front of a packed home team crowd. We want to thank all
those who showed to root for us, let them know they're
appreciated, and that we look forward to seeing them and
others at our future games. (Dec. 8 — next game)

We'd also like to take this opportunity to express our
desire on behalf of the entire Ice Hockey Organization to
appeal to the Physical Education Department and the
powers that be. We feel ice hockey at SUNY Albany has

1

arrived. Presently our status is merely a club team in a

league with other club teams. Each team member also

pays substantial dues to be allowed to play on the team

and to help keep the organization functioning. It is our

intention and desire to eventually, and hopefully In the

near future, get Albany State instated as a Division III

team run through the gym and by the school, like any
other NCAA inter-collegiate sport on campus.

-—.Ilin Covariain

Coach

—Drew Rubin

President

Student power

To the Editor:

On Tuesday. November 6, Election Day, students
across the state turned out to vote in massive numbers.
S.U.N.Y. Albany students were no exception as our voter
turnout reached an Incredible 80 percent of those
registered. Between absentee ballots and student voters
on campus, over 5.000 Albany students cast their ballots.
This comprises a highly significant voting bloc that must
now be reckoned with.

The Albany political leaders have come to the sudden
and unsettling realization that the student vote must now
be courted instead of disenfranchised. Student leaders
now have the vital ammunition to fight for polling places
oti campus. All students may now be afforded the 'iux-
ury‘ of voting in easily accessible polling areas.

Perhaps even more signiﬁcantly, student issues and
concerns must now be viewed in an entirely different light
by our political leaders. It would be naive to suggest that
these leaders will now suddenly ‘cater to our every whim
and desire. However. it is apparent that they will now
listen. They will listen often and they will listen carefully.

It is now time that our new and signiﬁcant political
clout is brought to bear on an issue that many pessimists
have claimed is unwinnabie —— the 21 year old drinking
age. Our beloved Govenor Cuomo is currently pushing
for a special session of the New York State Legislature
before the end of this year with the passage of the 21 year
old drinking age as one of the session's major priorities.
The letter writing and lobby campaign will be put into ac-
tion now in an effort to counter the possibility of any
legislation aimed at raising the legal drinking age. If you
are interested in helping to ﬁght 2i, there will be a brief-

ing and strategy session this Thursday night, November
15, at 6:30 p.m., iii the back of the Student Association
office. (C.C. 116)
—-Steve Gawley
Student Aclion Chair

. .
Stop the ineqUIty
To the Editor:

The body is beautiful; both man and woman may
engage in erotic love, and depictions of such a mutual ac-
tivity shotild be available for all to enjoy.

But does Hustler celebrate a woman's physique in one
issue cover, which displays a female disappearing into a
meat cleaver, her ﬁesli shredded into mutillated particles.
Does Playboy realistically demonstrate a female's body
with a centerfold that unceasingly portrays woman as
helpless, passive and waiting, waiting to be possessed.
Lastly, can you recall a pornographic scene which shows
two heterosexual lovers, equally nude, mutually enjoying
one another’s bodies. I can not.

It is an outrage that literature which objectifies insults
and lies about women, is sold in a campus bookstore. a
place which all SUNY students must frequent in order to
attend the university. One may choose not to view the
porn ﬁlms shown on campus. One may avoid other stores
or places of entertainment off-campus, which oppress
her. However, there is no alternative to Barnes and Noble
bookstore and yet it continues to violate the freedom of
one half of the university population. Such an inequity

must be stopped. -
—Marylou Gramm

Barnard College, Columbia Univ.

COLUMNS

Columns can address any
issue withsome depth -
from c amp us to worldwide.
Theyshould be ab‘outBOO
words long, signed,witha
phone number, and

delive red to Campus
Center .329.

 

’2. a“. 1 subpoenas: a 1m 

 

 

