 

 

 

 

 

res cit-twe-

’ a .  swan-b hug-um mum

Anklet. Saetlea 9. main
tuba, Intel me was that“ for

Emewmm
a pen I

R m Milton 1:!llno amusement-mm. Via- K

f you want a say in your own future the

I time to start talking is now. Your voice

is .your vote, and your chance to speak

' is Tuesday.

Whether you vote as a student, or a
future lawyer, businessperson, doctor,
teacher or artist, it’s atone-shot chance to
 make the people in p0wer accountable to
 you-,_  " 'f.‘  l"

.:. .v lected officials work hardest for'. the
people they know. will. vote. in a

,. 7, democracy, this is the power ofvthe pebple. '
._.,,‘Tl'tose who don"t 'joitt in'this collective
, power cannot expect ,much 'v from the,

government in the coming! years.

“COLUMN”

char tilt-o than Vote to
reasoned-eat. vote note label It?“ w.

let the
when a

1 El
.Vote!

to allow the

tits?" I
NO
I

Loom 'am prenatal tor a In to y the principal o!
and tniémt on said how; be twit'mtt"

All cliches aside, there are so many issues
that directly affect our lives, frdm the ob-
vious of student aid, tuition hikes, and
nuclear war, to the quality of the environ-
ment, civil rights, economic planning,
abortion, etc.

Whenwe don’t vote, we give liscense to
politicians to make these crucial decisions
in their best interests, and not ours.

Our future is on the line every day, and
in the hands of our elected officials. When
we hear the news and say, “How can they
do that (how often do we find ourselves

, feeling like this when we find out what our

government is doing?),"’ it’s too late to

» make our leaders answer. to us. We feel

“I want my money back” '-

Second of a two-part column

50 whom should you ask if you want to inquire about
teaching commitment? And what should you ask? Why
not start with a student whose judgment you trust. Maybe
ask more than one student who knows the instructor in
question, and do your asking a month or so before the
class comes up! What should you ask?

Why not start with a student whose judgment you
trust. Maybe ask more than one student who knows the
instructor in question, and do your asking a month or so
before the class comes up! What should you ask?

Richard Wilkie

First of f , I would want to know if the~instructor or”?
fessor has taken and continues to take time to think about ,
what he or she is doing in the classroom. It is not, in my
judgment, sufﬁcient to simply be fluent in our language,
but to be ﬂuent in the idiom of instruction appropriate to
the ﬁeld. That means to have some self-conscious com-
mand of the presentational and organizational arts which
ﬁt the subject matter. That does not mean that every
young instructor ought to have the ﬂuency of a master
teacher, or that every course ought to have the same
method. That does mean, however, that all instructors,
young or old, think about what skills and methods are ap-
propriate for them and for you!

I should think you would want to know if the instructor
holds class every time it is scheduled, or most times, or

 

The author is a professor of Communications at SUNYA

sometimes? Does the instructor cancel class with or
without notice? Along this line, you will also want to
know if vital content and interactions of the course are
turned over to anyone who is not fully qualified.

What standards is the teacher committed to? Is the
commitment to having you memorize and recall a quan-
tum of facts? Or to having you inquire into and master
(to the extent you can) a known set of ideas or constructs?
Or some appropriate mix of those two? The professor's
commitment to the announced content of the course may
be more difficult for you to discover, since you are pro-
bably not learned in the field yet. I, however, the course is
supposed to be an introduction to theory, then the focus

, and major time of the course should be on theory, and

not on some application of one theory in a research

project.

Notice that l have not said that you must be commit-
ted. or even that your instructor must be. If you are not
committed, then pick an instructor who isn’t. Fine! If you
are committed to gut courses and the grade game, fine! I
only suggest that you know what your commitments real-
ly are, and that you choose! The point is: take a look at
the professor’s real commitment to content and relevant
procedure. If that commitment aligns with your commit-
ment, then study with that professor, otherwise no way!
Your imaginary monologue at this point might go:

“Well, if your commitment is really more to your‘

research and your national visibility, then ﬁne... but 1

don't want to‘study with you." You may discover that‘

I B REPUBLICAN

g Presidential Electors for
Ronald Reagan

A uruocnttttc

* I
Presidential Electors for

Walter F. Mondale
Geraldine A. Ferraro

rem0ved, powerless to be a part of the deci-
sions that make our lives.

When we vote, each of us and all of us,
we have a say in these decisions, a power
that *binds us, the people, with our

government.

What else is there to say? Take hold of
your future on Tuesday, don’t iet‘your life
be shaped by the whims of thdse. in power,
when they should be answering to you.

_ If you have any questions about where
you should vote or anything else, call either
theBoard of Elections(445r759l)or Student
Association (457 - 8087).

Don’t let your' own future slip out of
your hands. Vote!

some professors around here are not primarily committed
to teaching for reasons thay regard as sound. You are
not, however, obliged to study with such a person. Pick
some other teacher, another department, or another
school! OR...

If you have been intelligent and responsible in your
search and you can ’t find a professor who is committed in
courses actually offered by the university, and essential to
you, then go to the appropriate departmental chairperson
and talk about your experience in not finding such cont-
mitment. If that does not work to your satisfaction. then
go to the dean in charge of that department and mist the
same question. Before you go to chairs and deans you
might want to consult a professor you know and trust. as
well as to check your experience against that of other
good students you know. Prepare well and make your
case.

Now you can — while you cuss the “system”, while
you excuse yourself because you are so “victimized”.
while you blame the professors, or the administration, or
your parents, while you justify yourself and feel righteous
because everything is SO lousy — while you do all that,
you can allow yourself to walk away from here \‘I'rtnttlly
as uneducated as when you came! And look who [uses tett
years down the road when you can‘t THINK and you
can’t FUNCTION in your life! (Have you noticed that
every time you mess up, you are around?) OR...you can
take a hard look at your commitments and act respon-
sibly in the interest of your own life. Think about it: You
will not get a chance to do these four years over .‘Iyrtin!

 

Cotter Press Service

/
’//// i

\

. 

\\\\\

 

I NEVERI
, - a:
«tel-Lt to W in Net toucttte
mute It! ' » \‘i you enter!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Lat!ka

ALANY
STUDENT
PRESS

isnéeiat Election's
" ‘ Supplement

 

Ronald Reagan

By Ed Helnes
Defense: 1

As children of the nuclear age the number one issue of
interest to us is prevention of nuclear war. President
Reagan's strategy to minimize the chance of nuclear war
is as follows: 1) a tough negotiating position vis—a-vis the
Soviet Union so as to avoid “disadvantagous” treaties
"typical" of detente; 2) an equalizing of European
theatre weapons through deployment of Pershing II and
cruise missiles and; 3) the largest military buildup in

, history.

President Reagan labels this program Peace Through
Strength. This theory states that a strong country is less
likely to be confronted than a weak country.

The Soviet walkout of all nuclear talks was met by little
sympathy in Washington. The Reagan administration
declared they would be there when the Soviets want to
rcturtt to the bargaining table. However, the Reagan ad-
ministration ltas made less progress than arty other ad-
ministration in recent history. Reagan's major claim has
been the containment of Soviet influence which spread to
Afghanistan and Nicaragua dttring thc Carter
administration.

The 71/2 percent defense budget increase agreed upon
by the House of Representatives was far less than Reagan
proposed. Citing the near disarmament of the 1970's
Reagan pttshcd for the 13-1 bomber, the Pcacckceper and
the Trident submarine.

President Reagan hoped that tltesc new programs
would insttre nuclear parity and force the Soviets to

Walter Mondale

By Glen Freyer
Defense:

Walter Mondale has attacked the president for his ad-
ministration's failure to move forward in arms reduction
talks with the Soviets. Though Mondale advocates a
freeze which is verifiable every day, his plans for sttclt a
program are unclear. He supported the "walk iii the
woods" proposal which would limit intermediate-range
missiles in Europe.

“Vote as if your wltolc world dcpcttded on it," reads
one Mondale flyer. While Mondale has tried to portray
the President as one willing to wage a nuclear war, he has
been ttagged by a reputation as one who would be weak in
arms negotiations. Mondale has proposed 4 percent real
growth for the military budget (compared to Reagan's 7.5
percent). He does not support either the B-1 Bomber. the
MX missile, or the outer space defense systems. He does,
however, support funding for the Stealth Bomber, the
Midget Man Missile, and the Trident ll submarine, call-
ing for more prudent military spending and advanced non
first-strike capability.

Federal Budget/Economy:

A close second to Mondale’s concerns over defense he
says is the question of the $l75 billion budget deﬁcit.
Many economists believe that the business cycle upswing
which has caused tremendous economic growth was, like
most recoveries, consumption and not supply driven.

Government spending increased to help ﬁnance and
spur the big business sector of the economy, and there
were cuts in many areas of the budget, particularly social
spending. But tax revenues, after Reagan's across the
board cuts, did not keep pace with the federal spending.

Mondale fears that the deficits will inhibit further in-
vestment and keep interest rates high. He is gambling that
voters will accept his claim that a tax increase will be
needed in ’85.

Mondale's plan taxes the higher income classes with a
lo percent surcharge on single persons earning over
$70,000 and couples over $100,000, with no tax increase
for incomes below $25,000. He does not, however, sup-
port thc indexing of tax rates until 1989, allowing many
people in the lower brackets to creep into tlte next higher
tax bracket.

Mondale contends that if Reagan is reelected he too
will be forced to raise taxes to alleviate budget deficits, by

INSIDE:

PRESIDENTIAL ANALYSIS“

negotiate. He also stressed further research to continue
our traditional technological advantage, particularly with
respect to outer space.

Federal Budget/Economy:

There is no question that President Reagan has presid-
ed over an improving and currently healthy economy.
The inflation rate has dropped from over 12 percent in
the Carter administration to a current rate below 5 per-
cent. The unemployment rate is down to 7.3 percent from
a high of 10.7 percent. These two indicies are what Carter
labeled the all important misery index. The average
American’s income after taxes and inﬂation are dis-
counted rose almost 9 percent over the last four years.

AP

then in excess of $250 billion.

Mondale, like Reagan has not said that he would cut
medicare or social security benefits.

Mondale also supports domestic content legislation on
auto imports. restricting imported steel to 17 percent of
the American market for the next ﬁve years.

Student Issues:

On student issues, Mondale has called for increased
financial support of the Pell Grant and Guaranteed Stu-
dent Loan (GSL) programs. Mondale advocates the con-
tinuation of the Department of Education. He supports
legislation overruling a 1983 Supreme Court decision
allowing sex discrimination for programs not federally
funded. While Reagan supports a 21-year old national
drinking age, Mondale has not yet taken a stand on this
issue.

Social Issues:

Mondale has probably taken his strongest stands on
civil rights issues. He supports the Equal Rights Amend-
ment (ERA), advocates equal pay for comparable work,
and has supported the strengthened Voting Rights Act of
1981. Reagan signed the Voting Rights Act after initial
opposition.

Mondale does not support consitutional amendments
either to prohibit abortion or to allow prayer in public
schools. Though he favors busing to integrate public

 

These statistics cannot be refuted, but «whether
Reagan's policies affected them can. Also negative
'ramilications of some of his policies can be pointed out.
For example, there are more people out of work today
than four years ago. Another major economic indicator is
the interest rate. This is the economic area in which
Reagan received the most criticism. The prime rate is
down to a still high l2.5 percent from a high of 21.5.
These high rates, partly the result of a huge deﬁcit. helped
keep inﬂation down but widened the trade deﬁcit and
stiﬂed investment.

This huge deﬁcit, the resulttof the large tax cut and in-
creased spending, is an embarassment to a proponent of a
balanced budget amendment such as President Reagan.
However many conservative economists attribute the im-
proved cconomy to the Reagan tax cut, an improvement
in defense industries and less regulation of business.

Whether the healthy economy is a result of Reagan
policies is not clear but as chief executive he deserves
some credit.

Student Issues:

The healthy economy scents to be the reason Reagan
has strong support among young people. His stands on
stttdcnt issues generally seem to contradict student
attitudes.

Reagan cut certain loan programs and through social
security cuts reduced aid to college students. While
stating he would not cttt aid to education he also will not
increase it. His implementation of draft registration was
derided on campuses around the coutttry as was his link~
ing student loans to draft registration.

CONTINUED ON PAGE as

F‘schools, he does not support affirmaticc action quotas.
,4’ Instead, he calls for, 'fgoals, timetables, and _other
verifiable measurements," though he ltas not clearly
specified what these would be.
Mondale also opposes tax-exempt status for schools
_which discriminate.

Mondale has been quick to point out that with five of
the nine Supreme Court Justices over the age of 75, the
next president‘s nominations will shape the court's direc-
tion for many years to come. -
Foreign lnvolvment:

In Central America, Mondale has denounced Reagan’s
extensive use of covert aid in the region. He has proposed
a quarantine of Nicaragua, the political justification
stemming frotn the R10 Pact, allowing the U.S. to aid
those allied countries threatened by activities beyond their
borders. Mondale has repeatedly called for the U.S. to
play a greater role in the ncotiations process and supports
the Contadora process of diplomacy to settle regional
disputes.

While Mondale would also provide U.S. aid to the El
Salvadoreatt government, he demands improvement of
their human rights record as a condition of financial aid.
He has‘also~ den0unced both the mining of Nicaraguan
harbors and the recently discovered CIA manuals.

Mondale hair repeatedly attacked Reagan for the den. lts
of U.S. soldiers ._in Lebanon due to the failure to ttkc
necessary security'g'precautions. Using the buzzwards of
his campaign, Mondale claims that Reagan did not know
what he needed to know when he needed to know it. His
quoting of a recent article accusing Reagan of knowing in
advance of the dangers posed to Americans in Lebanon
and not removing them on the suggestion of the joint
chiefs of staff, was deniedby the president.

Environment: *

Mondale has also demonstrated a strong environmental
record, criticizing Reagan's 'failure to enforce existing
laws. He is in favor of increasing funding for the Federal
Toxic Superfund program and wishes to raise funding for
the Environmental Protection AgenCy (EPA) above its
1980 levels. In addition, Mondale supports pollution con-
trols aimed at reducing acid rain, as well as strengthening
both the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts,

Analysts:
With the strong economic recovery not expected to
CONTINUED ON PAGE 43 ‘-

LOCAL ELECTIONS, REFEPIENDA, STUDENT VOTING RIGHTS, POLLING PLACE GUIDE

 

 

