 

 

 

 

.M

«mks-x2.» swim-R Mmm M.

um»...

t
i

 

 

 

' ' 

 

LNJ [VJ

LUCKEV UPS

THE PLAY THAT SEALED THE DANES’ FATE: Hofstra quarterback Jim McLaughlin throws the winning pass to split and Emil Wohlgemuth with 1:47 lett-

Hofstra’s last minute TD shocks Danes, 35-32

By Marc Berman
SPORTS EDITOR
llclnpslcad. NY .

11 was Hofstra‘s ball, fourth and four
from the Great Dane 13-yard line. The
Hofstra Stadium scoreboard showed 1:47
remaining with the visitors on top 32-28.

Albany State was sitting on a golden op-
portunity to knock off the undefeated and
sixth-ranked Long Island school and prove
to the Division 111 critics that the Dane's
3-4 record had something to do with their
rugged schedule consisting of three Divi-
sion ll foes. But it was all hedging on this
fourth down play.

Dutchmen quarterback Jim McLaughlin
took the snap and faded into the pocket as
he had done all afternooon. On this play.
he had more time than usual to look for his
receiver. And the whole stadium knew
which player he was seeking - the record-
setting Emil Wohlgemuth, who already
had seven catches on the day.

The senior split end was in the process of
executing a down and out pattern two
yards deep in the end zone. Wohlgemuth
made his cut, but it didn't fool Dane's
safety Wayne Anderson. He stuck right
with his man,waiting to bat down any fly-
ing object that came his way.

Anderson never got to touch the ﬂying
object. McLaughlin's pass was arched
high and sailed over the head of the
sophmore safety,scemingly too far for
Wohlgemuth to reach. For a millisecond,
it looked like the Danes were going to beat
the nation's sixth ranked team.

But in these past two seasons, the foot-
ball has not been behaving too kindly for
Coach Bob Ford and his Purple Gang.
Wohlgemuth leaped up, extended his right
arm as high as possible, and deflected the
ball up in the air. The Hofstra Stadium
burst into victory celebration as they wat-
ched the ball sink into Wohlgcmuth's
grasp.

“I think the sun is shining on us." ex-
claimed Hofstra’s Head-coach Mickey
Kwiatkowski. “We dodged the bullet to-
day. That ball bounces off the wrong way

I) -

Said 8 disappointed Coach Ford, “i
thought we were going to win. We sure as
hell had enough opportunities."

The Danes thought they had Wrapped up
a victory when freshman Kerry Carroll
returned an interception 76 yards for a
touchdown with six minutes left in the

game. The score would have put the Danes
up 39-28. The way their defense was fired
up in the last quarter, the lead probably
would have stuck. But the score was
nullified because of a clipping penalty.

The Danes blew another opportttnity to
score when freshman quarterback Jeff
Russell failed to execute a handoff at the
Hofstra half-yard line.

“it's probably the toughest loss in my
career," said senior linebacker Jim Valen-
tino. “We felt we could beat Hofstra.
They were never tested before us."

Coach Kwiatkowski was quick to count
out the theory that the Dutchmen might
have taken the Danes lightly."

“I knew they‘d be tough," he
said.“Bobby Ford is my idol. 1 told my
team all week long Albany was a great 3-4
team. Albany State couldn't care less
about an undefeated Division 111 team
from the city. if they had our schedule,
they'd be undefeated too.

The game started off as if Hofstra was
going to breeze to their 18th straight
regular season victory.

On Albany's fifth play of the game.
Russell collided into fullback Dave Soldini
as the ball squirted loose. Dutchmen All-
Amcrican Larry Galizia pounced on the
loose ball at the Albany 39.

Aided by a 13-yard pass interference
penalty McLaughlin. who completed 18 of
30 for 280 yards. connected with

Wohlgemuth in the endzone on the same
pattern that won the game.

Hofstra got the ball back on their own
40-yard line when a fake punt on fourth
down failed for Albany. This titne it took
the sixth play before McLaughlin hooked
up with Rich Codella over the middle for a
25 yard touchdown pass with 5:49 left in
the first.

The blowout had started, or so everyone
thought. For the remainder ot' the game,
the Danes defensive line made life
treacherous for McLaughlin.

“After those first two scores," said
defensive end Rick Punzone, “we adjusted
to their weird blocking scheme."

“Their defense made a great quarter-
back look like a good one." offered the
Hofstra coach Kwiatkowski.

Hofstra was unable to score the rest of
the half while Albany added eight points
of their own - thanks to the defense. With
John Redmond set to eat McLaughlin for
lttnch. the former UCLA qttarterback

forced a pass that was intercepted by,

Anderson, who ran it back fora 25-yard
touchdown return. On the fake one point
conVCrsion, wide reciever John Donnelly
turned quarterback for a play. Displaying
some fancy footwork.he connected with
Scott Barker in the end zone for a deuce.

After some half-time adjusttnents, both
teams offenses sparkled in the third
quarter.

On the Danes first possession of the sc-
cond half, Dave Lincoln booted a line
drive 47-yard field goal to close the gap to
14-11.

On the ensuing possession. Hofstra
struck back in only two plays. The score
catne on a 44-yard touchdown reception by
Jerry Mackey, left free by a confused
Albany secondary.

The Danes answered right back on their
next possession to slice the lead to 21-19
with 3:04 left .in the third. Russell
engineered the drive that covered 63 yards

,- 43 of them coming on a run by Soldini,

who finished with 133 for the day.

The Danes got the ball back after the
Dutchmen were nailed on a delay of game
penalty on fourth and one.

Starting from their 23, Russell and Don-
nelly hooked up on the first and last plays
of the 77 yard drive. The initial reception
went for 44 yards and plaCCd the ball on
the Hofstra 33. The final play resulted in a
22-yard touchdown pass that bolstered the
Danes to their first lead of the game. Don-
nelly caught the ball over the middle and
barrelled 15 yards straight ahead, breaking
a tackle along the way.

Characteristic of their play all season,
Hofstra retaliated right away. McLaughlin
wasted no time in vaulting Hofstra back in
the lead. On the drive‘s third play. he
delivered a 35-yard strike to Jerry Mackey

17>

 

Men harriers

By Tom Kacandes
SI'AI‘I" WRITER

This past Saturday, the Albany state
men's cross country team finished a very
close second behind Siena. -while
University'of Rochester took third in the
men's race of the 18th Annual Albany
Invitational meet. Twenty teams com-
peted in the men’s varsity race where
Sicna's Don Colose kicked past
Albany’s Ed McGill to win by one se-
cond in 25:46.

Albany junior lan Clements had a
great race but couldn't quite catch
Siena‘s Dan Httrteau, the third place
finisher. Clements was fourth in a per-
sonal best time of 26:05. Siena then put
on a big rush, taking fifth, sixth. and
seventh to score 21 points. Albany cap-

 

place second in In vitational

tain John Erwin had another big race to
help the Danes. Erwin finished eighth
overall in 26:19. a personal best time.
Co-captain Chris Callaci was twelfth
and super sophomore Tim Hoff ran
very strongly to finish fifteenth and
round out the Danes' scoring.

Erwin said afterwards. “This was a
very strong showing for us. Sicna is
Division 1 and they're having a strong
year so no one expected us to beat them.
bttt earlier in the year Rochester was
ranked with us in the national (NCAA)
poll and today we crushed those guys.
Ed. Ian and Tint ltad super days."

The other big excitement at the meet
was the stupendoth show put on by the
Mohawk Valley Community College
team that won the Junior College race.

All the team's runners wore freshly cut
mohawks. had full war paint on, and
had “MVCC” written on the shaved
sides of their heads. Their running was
equally striking. The Indians‘ first run-
ner won the race in 25:35, the fastest
time on the course that day. The learn
also took second. fourth, fifth, attd
seventh place overall, crttshing the op-
position. “Tltose guys are sick," one
Albany rttnner was heard to say. "They
would have given us some trouble."
Today the Danes will compete in the
lC4A Championship in East
Stroudsbttrg. Pennsylvania where some
of the toughest teatns, Division 1. 11,
and III. will compete in what is basically
the Eastern Seaboard all-comers chant-
pionship. ['l

 

-..a._.._,.._. N, j . ‘

 

 

 

ttItl

umysa' nit?

VOLUME-LXXI

 

 

‘Gap’ in advisement
caused-by students’.
wrong expectations

By Lisa Mirabella

CONTRIBUTING EDITOR

Second of a two part series dealing with the state of
SUNYA's undergradtiate academic advisement process.

The “gap” in the undergraduate advisement process at
the University is caused, advisors say, by students
misunderstanding the role of their advisor.

As a full-time advisor in the Center for Uttdergradttate
Education (CUE). Margaret Reich said she
percieves the gap "especially among
freshmen, who are used to a (high school)
guidance counselor telling thetn what to
take."

New students, she said, “often do not
realize there are many more courses offered here," and
that a CUE advisor can not list every option for tltem.

“The gap docs close on its own," after the student
meets with the advisor. Reich said, adding that, “it is ab-
normal when it doesn't" and the student continues to de-
pend on the advisor to direct his or her program.

John Kosakowski, a graduate assistant at CUE said,
"the students should realize what our role is, and what it

isn't; after they attend summer orientation." At that
time. he said, advisors define the process of advisement.
Although. he said, the students do recieve a lot of other
information at the same time.

Kosakowski said he views the role of a CUE advisor as
“a bridge between the student and the big bureaucracy."
The advisors will answer any questions students have con-
cerning requirements.ihe said. However, he added the
students must ask the lquestions.

Faculty advisors say they also struggle with students ex-
pectations that they cannot always fulﬁll. a

“The key word is advise - we are there to advise. not to
choose for the student," said Martin Edelman. chair of
SUNYA’s Political Science Department.

Professor Norman Greenwald, the coordinator of
undergraduate advisement in the psychology department,
listed three types of advisement which students may seek -
academic. career, and personal ~ he explained, “the three
functions are separate and they shoul;d be kept
separate."

He said he feels that while faculty members do have
sufﬁcient resources to advise students on their acadmic
programs. other areas should be handled by the offices at
the University that have trained personnel to assist in
career planning and personal counseling.

Helen Horowitz, chair of the Economics department,
said “I am a teacher and advisement is part of the
teaching process." The way she views her role, she said.
depends on the student she is working with, recognizing
that “students needs are diverse."

Horowitz, replying to an Economics major who had
complained that advisors in the department are often
temporary, said, “We have never permitted adjunct pro-
fessors or part-time faculty to advise students," adding,
“Advisement is done by regular faculty."

While students listed a variety of expectations they
have of advisors, advisors named only one thing they ex-
pect from students - that the student read the
undergraduate bulletin to become familiar with the re-
quirements of the program they choose. '

Reich said of CUE advisors, “I expect them to have put
some thought into long range and short range plans, and
to be aware of the requirements of the major they want to
pursue." ‘

Edelman explained that his department reaches out to
the students at an Advise-a-thon they hold each semester.
However, he said, “I would hope that they have had at
least attempted to read the Undergraduate Bulletin, and
have some sense of what they want to take."

With Greenwald the expectations were for both sides.
“l expect every student to have read the bulletin, and 1 ex-
pect every faculty member to have read it as well," he
asserted.

He concluded, “If you have two groups who are going
to discuss requirements. who have not read the materials,
do you ever wonder that there is a problem]”

Edwin Reilly, Associate Chair of the Computer Science
Department, said he found, “too many students want to
be read to right out of the catalogue [items which] they
could have read themselves."

News
Feature

7»

Student ghetto area Inset: Lewls Welch

aANY' stun 7

I 

November 12,, ‘1

NUMBER

JOHN CURRY; ADAM GlNSBERG UPS

The city is planning to enforce the grouper law in September, I985.

SUNYA seeking housing alternatives

Grouper law may displace 1 .000; officials lack plan to help students

By Jane Anderson
(‘UNTRIlIUTlNO EDITOR
With the possible displacement of 1,000 SUNYA
students living in off-campus apartments approaching in
less than a year. Student Association officials and Univer-
sity administrators have. few options, and no definite
plans, under consideration to deal with the problem
Albany Mayor Thomas Whalen reiterated the city's
pledge to begin enforcing the "grouper law" in

September. 1985 at a press conference at SUNYA-

Tuesday. ‘
The grouper ordinance says tht no more than three

unrelated =persons‘may live in the same-apartment or A

house. Albany of ﬁcials are threatening to enforce the law
in response to residents’ demands that the number of sm-
dent tenants be curbed because. they say, their
neighborhoods are deteriorating.

The University. according to Vice President for Stu-
dent Affairs Frank Pogue, is about to begin a survey of
off-campus housing needs, but Pogue said he is uncon-
vinced that students forced out by the grouper law will‘bc
left without housing. '

Pogue said that the university hopes that through the
off-campus survey they will be able to locate areas in
Albany that could absorb more students.

Maintaining that “1 really ant not convinced" that
housing for most displaced students will not be available
in the Albany community, Pogue said the university ad-
ministration is “moving to try and locate additional‘hous-
ing" around Albany.

“There is no available housing," said Sandy Myers.
United Tenants of Albany spokesperson. “The vacancy
rate is one percent.” she said, adding. "What (housing)
you do find is full of (housing code) violations."

“There are several answers," said Pogue, contending
“it is fair to say the university is concerned and
working."

Some students may be placed in hotels such as the Well-
ington Hotel or the Thruway House in a proposal cur-
rently under discussion, Pogue said. But he added that
there are no prospects for specific units at present.

Pogue said that last week, the SUNY Central Ad-
ministration approved funding a proposal for new.
apartment-style housing for graduate students on the
SUNYA campus.

No new housing will be available on campus next eyar,
Pogue stressed, adding that the apartment proposal still
must pass the legislature and be approved by the governor
before construction could be started.

Director of Residential Life John Martone ruled out
the possibility of housing additional students in increased
occupancy rooms to help absorb some of the anticipated
overflow if the grouper law is enforced.

The dorms, Martone explained, are currently at 103
percent capacity, and to increase this figurewould jeopar-
dize the well-being of students already in the dorms.

SUNYA. according to Martone, does not have a
responsibility to locate or provide housing for every stu-
dent admitted to the school.

“The university," said Pogue. “has housing for over
6,500 students  (but) we cannot house all students ad-
mitted." There are approximately 16,000 students enroll-
ed itt SUNYA programs.

SA Presidettt Rich Schaffer said that he sees a good
possibility for having the grouper law changed.

“City officials have shown interest in solving" the pro-
blems in’off-campus housing, Schaffer said, explaining
that with the SUNYA administration's requests for more
on-campus housing. “the mayor might be able to back
off" and put off enforcing the grouper law.

Albany city Director of Code Enforcment Mike
Alvaro, however, has contended in the past that a repeal
of the grouper law ordinance l‘I‘ probably not p, ssible. '

Off-Campus Association Chair Dave Silk mentioned
the possibilti y of expanding the SUNYA bus route so that
stude’n‘tsj‘would have “access'to other housing areas than
the Pine Hills “student ghetto" .area.

Martone, however, said he didn't consider the proposal
feasible.

“The expense of running the buses is tremendous. l
don't think the campus could afford" to expand the bus
routes. Martone said.

it is students, however. who will be left to deal with the
grouper law should the city decide to enforce it.

Some off-campus students Say that, with the planned
enforcemtn of the ordinance next year, both the demand
and the price tags for available, legal housing are going to
rise.

“l'm paying $135 a month in a four bedroom apart-
ment," said one off-campus student, “if one of us has to
move out, our rent goes up to $155. l can't afford that."

Schaffer refused to speculate on wltethcr rents will in-
crease next year, but Martone said that “rents will go up
as long as they (landlords) think the market will bear it."

 

SUN YA Fieldhouse in
84-85 budget proposal

By Rick Swanson
I IDITORIAL ASSISTANT

SUNYA could get a new ﬁeld house to replace its 20
year old athletic facility and graduate students may get
more housing if the SUNY Board of Trustees budget
proposal is adopted by Governor Mario Cuomo and

 

the State Legislature.

1 “The field house is one of our priorities " said
SUNY Vice Chancellor for Capital Facilities Ernest
Freedman. “it is. within our binding capacity." he add-
ed, meaning that the project would probably be eligible
for board money slated for improvement projects in
the mid-seventies.

At the time, the SUNY Board of Trustees set a con-
struction limit for SUNY of three billion dollars. and
$291 million is left to ,be bonded, according to.
Freedman.

The field house proposal, at an estimated cost of $11
million. “is one we would put within the bonding
limitation," said Freedman.

The SUNY Budget request, submitted to the gover-
nor on October 24. will go before the State Division of
the Budget for review,

By mid-January, Cuomo will submit an Executive
Budget Proposal to the legislature. After making any-

 

 

,8.

 

 

