 
  
 

  

 

 

 

t

 

We, _ s.“
Arable ddrs  "

Aqaba, India
(AP) King Hussein and Egyptian President
Hosni Mubarak wound up three days of
talks Thursday, and there was a report the
king had criticized U.S. peace efforts and
suggested Moscow could play a larger role.

Mubarak was expected to depart this
Red Sea resort today after two days of
private talks with Hussein. who broke
Arab ranks and restored dipolmatic ties
with Egypt two weeks ago. Jordan was
among l7 Arab states that broke ties to
protest Egypt's 1979 peacertreaty with
lsrael.

Aides said no public statement on the
outcome of the talks was expected until
after Mubarak's departure.

The two men hailed their rapproche-
ment as a victory for Arab unity. but there
were indications they were not in agree-
ment on the future of peaCe efforts in the
region.

iraq creates defense

Washington
(AP) lraq has created a 20- mile—long
water barrier to shield the important city
of Basra from a possible lranian armor at-

U mmmmm 12, mt

’ Nationwide

 

    
  

.preciatlomDenver put his hand to his
“mouth and did an imitation of an

I , American lndian war whoop, drawing
‘ - , rest-ethane:-

~ Dedve'r.  co-founder of the Hunger
Project. already had visited Burklna Faro.
formerly Upper Volta, in West Africa and
Somalia on the East Africa coast. The goal
of the San Francisco-based research

organ , on. set up in 1977, is to focus
attenti hunger and the opportunities
to elimi t.

 

 

woman spacewalks

(AP) Astronaut Kathy Sullivan became
America's first_woman spacewalker to-
day. deciaring "this is really great" as she
floated outside the shuttle Challenger with
a male colleague to test tools for refueling
spent satellites.

Sullivan and astronaut David Leestma
moved gingerly into the open cargo bay,
bundled in a $2.l million space suits that
protected them from radiation,
micrometeorites and the extremes of heat
and cold outside the orbiting ship.

Leestma. 35 — year — old Navy lieute-
nant commander, was the first to leave
Challenger's airlock, slipping out at “:42
am. EDT and quickly clamping a

 

tack. U.S. government ofﬁcials said
Thursday.

These officials said the barrier, nor-
theast of Basra, represents a sensible lraq
addition to defenses erected against a
long - awaited Iranian thrust.

However, these ofﬁcials. who spoke on
condition they remainanonymoussaid they
do not regard the Iraq move as indicating
and major upsurge in fighting in the more
than four—year—oid war between iran
and lraq.

Duarte meets leftists

San Salvador, El Salvador
(AP) President Jose Napoleon Duane and
the guerilla foes of his government open
their dialogue next week on a date that
generally is observed as the start of El
Salvador's civil war five years ago — a
war that has killed more civilians than it
has killed conbatants.

On Oct. is, 1979, two army colonels
staged a coup to install a government they
hoped would bring reforms to the coun-
try's millions of poor and powerless before
a growing leftist movement got out of
hand. But it proved too little, too late.

Denver tours Africa

Nyumbdo School, Zimbabwe
(AP) Eleven days into a tiring tour of
African self-help projects. American
entertainer John 'Denver met up with the
children of this rural school. They wanted
as song.

The irrepressible Denver, 40, took his
guitar from a van, sat in a semicircle the
youngsters had formed and sang “Home
on the Range." The girls ululated. a high-

 

50— foot safety tether onto a guideline
running the 60- foot length of the bay.
Sullivan, a 33 — year — old ocean

geologist. followed four minutes after
Leestma had. attached her tether to the
guidewire. .

 

pitched. throaty wailing, to show their ap-

PREVIEW OF EVENTS ———'~

profess
The A
quesﬂn

Free listings

CIRCLE K Club will hold a and short fiction for their fall
meeting on Monday. October 15 1984 issue. Deadline Is October

at 8pm in Fine Arts room 114. 19 and

community. Works

The Flame will hold a forum on “Wrongful Life" will be held on
Jewish family unity on Sunday, Tuesday . October 16 at 4pm In

P H
Thespeakerwlli be Pro. purpleRalnPnrtywlllbeheldon ~3|agilitg'c'gxirivaiiLSPJisma addressed at 8 Philosophy
Friday. October 12 at 9pm in and press conference 0 "no"

Brubacher Ballroom. There Is day. October 14 at 11am

October 14 at 10am in the HU854.

Assembly Hall. The forum will feaeor Bonnie Steinbock of the
be hosted by RPi mathematics philosophy department.

Cape Canaveral. Fla. -

    

Agreements violated

_ . Washington
(AP) President Reagan has sent Congress a
report accusing the Soviet Union of
widespread “material breaches" of arms
control agreements over nearly a
quarter—century.

The accusations ranged from illegal
missile tests and forbidden radar
deployments to polluting the amosphere
with radioactive debris: ‘rom underground
nuclear weapons explosions. r
‘According'to a presidential panel. the
Soviets have violated about half the
agreements they entered, including the
controversial I972 and 1979' Strategic
Arms Limitation Treaties SALT l and ii
with the United States.

Suicide pact probed ‘

Houston
(AP) Authorities are investigating rumors
of a death pact said to involve up to 30
people following the suicides of five
teen—agers in a comfortable suburban
communtity. One clergyman fears the in-
cidents will have a “domino effect."

The rash of deaths in the Houston

suburb of Clear Lake, which includes the
Johnson Space Center, has prompted
school ofﬁcials to call in a suicide preven-
tion group for counseling sessions at Clear
Lake High School.
“When one person does it, it serves as a
role model for others who have been con-
templating it," said Nora Barrera,
coodinator of Crisis intervention of
Houston. which will send a
three—member team to the school next
week. “it conﬁrms that the action is a

 

OK action to do.," ‘

 

LUCKEV UPS

Joe Byrd of Jamalah was one of the performers appearing at last Sunday's Fallfesl.

 

 

Statewide

IStudents win battle

  

 

~ New Paltz, NY
(AP) The college student organizations
here, winners in a legal battle Tuesday over
voting requirements, want Gov. Mario
Cuomo to promise that the state will not
appeal the decision. '

Attorney Jack Lester. who represented
the students in the case, called on Cuomo
Wednesday to help extend the voting rights
by preventing an appeal of the decision
issued by Federal Court Judge Neal
McCurn.

Since the state Board of Elections was a
defendent in the case. it could appeal to a
higher court. The'students want Cuomo to
ensure that an appeal does not occur.

Military papers found

Rochester, Nl"
(AP) FBI agents are vowing to break a cast-
that will explain how papers believed to he
U.S. military documents got inside .r
pinata bought by a Rochester woman at .l
department store near here.

The $6.99 pinata was recently purchust-tl
at 3 Sears. Roebuck and Co. store at th-
Eastview Mall in the village of Victor, tillti
Dale Anderson, who heads the local lilll
ofﬁce. The pinata should have been cmpt.
when purchased, but instead the
papier—mache container was crammed
with the documents.

“I guess there was some other stuff in
there other than what’s supposed to be in
there." Anderson said. He would not say
how many documents were inside.

. The buyer, whose name was not releas-
‘ed. alerted the FBI Wednesday. and agents
are trying to determine if the documets
were classiﬁed and how they got inside the
pinata.

A “We are conducting an investigation to
determine whether a violation of‘ the es-
pionage statute has occurred." Anderson
said. Ralph Young, the Sears manager at
Eastview Mali. did not return telephone
messages Wednesday left by the Rochester
Democrat and Chronicle.

 

Spy plane unveiled

New York
(AP) Sen. Alfonse D'Amato has unveiled
a sophisticated spy plane that will be used
along the Eastern Seaboard to intercept
drug smugglers —. the high—tech P—l
Orion aircraft, equipped to detect piano
and ships attempting to drugs into the
United States. D'Amato said Wednesday it
will be regularly committed to the Nev.
York area.
“The drug smuggler is now going to fact:
a tougher. faster and more sophisticated
ias enforcement task force here in NC“
York," the senator said in showing the
plane off at LaGuardia Airport.
D'Amato said the Orion will be used
with intercept boats and planes.
Blackhawk helicopters and a new ratinr

 

picket boat he acquired for New York.

 

or Dr. Edith Lukens.

Take Back The Night\raily and

lbany Review Is re- march will be held on Saturday, wearing purple and gold.

9 aubmlsslona of poetry October 13. The march will Statistics

begin at 7pm from the steps of held on Most‘dlalgqu'um Wm be
the Capitol Building.
submissions should be Banner Contest will be held on Strauderman or
Find out how you can get involv- brought to the Albany Review
ed on campus and in the mailbox In the SA office.

Banners loqulum is be open t

in Progress Lecture from your group or section are public.

due at the football field at Ca
11:30pm on Saturday. pm" mum“ wo

$.50 oil addmiselon if you are Floaemont Avenue, Albany. All

“5 . October 15 at

. pm in E81301.t Willis": E. Stress And Midterma a lecture
Saturday. October 13 at the alt I am we" y psy°"°'°9'3‘ 53'” Wam”
homecoming game. ywnbeme weaken-me co"

n Sun- in Troy on Monday, October 15
at 174 at 7:30pm.

endorsed candidates will be
present and all are welcome.

will be held on Monday, October
0 the 15 at 8pm in 60373.

“Prayer In Public Schools The
mena Church State Relation" will be

Forum at Russell Sage College

 

 

 

511‘;‘_’llit:‘.lt‘.:JL'..‘.‘—4 .._.v~. .: 3. 212:“ .. r... .. :..

 

 
 

\

 

Studentsto vote“ on referendum if? r  a

By Barbara s. “Srahamer

Students will til 'dc text Monday and Tuesday
a raise the mandatory student

whether they Wtrx.
activity fee from $92.50 to $99.00 per year.

The decision will be done through a campus wide
referendum in next week's Student Association
elections. in addition to the referendum, students
will elect representatives to Central Council and

University Senate.

SA President Rich Schaffer decided to propose
an increase in the fee from the present $92.50 per ~
year to $99.00 after discussing SA‘s financial audit

this summer, he explained.
Although Schaffer admitted that SA is

black for the first time in three years, he said SA
needs a “cushion within the budget for long-range

plans and development."

SA Controller Rich Golubow agreed that right
now there is "no ﬂexibility for long-range

planning. ' '

Schaffer blamed the situation on the past SA
presidents who he believes did not plan for the
future. SA needs money “in case of an emergency

down the road.” he said.

Compared with other SUNY schools. both
Golubow and Schaffer feel that Albany is utilizing
the student fee more effectively. "Albany State at
392 provides two times the programming that

SUNY-Central has set a 5100.000 limit on activity
fees to reduce the risk of reckless behavior on the
part of a student government. Schaffer said.

Maintaining that the budget will be “very tight"
if the referendum does not pass, Schaffer said he
will personally campaign in favor of the proposal.
He said he intends to hold “information sessions"
for students. and urged students to “come in and
ﬁnd out what SA's doing for them."

“We're not going to shove it down people's
throats." he promised. Although an SA president
could impose the fee by simply gaining Central
Council's approval. Schaffer said that SA has
"traditionally gone to the students" in a
referendum.

Currently, SUNYA’s mandatory student fee is
the lowest of any of the four University Centers in

in the

SASU president Sue Wray

 

the SUNY system. Students at Buffalo pay $95.00
per year; Binghamton. $97.00 per year; and
Stony Brook, pending approval from SUNY-
Centrai. $109.50 per year.

Three SUNY Colleges: Broekport. Fredonia. and
Oneonta. all have mandatory fees in excess of
$100.00. A student government cannot set the fee
above $l00.00 without first receiving a waiver of
the limit from SUNY-Central.

Uptown quad residents will be able to vote in the

. . , By Jerry Campione
flagrooms of their quads, while Alumni residents

MANAGING EDI ma

"We (students) are no longer second class citizens. 'i

Students win right to
vote in college towns w

stitutional "if read in a contorted
manner." This section deﬁned

Stonybrook provides," said Schaffer.

Last year's decrease from 92 to 73 SA funded
groups was due to the tight budget SA had to work
with. said Golubow.

Schaffer said he hopes the additional $25,000
generated by an increase would allow SA to “keep
up the quality and number of funded groups."

SUNYA's student fee was last increased in Oc-
tober l982. when it was raised from $77.00 to the
current $92.50.

 

will vote at the Brubacker and Walden cafeterias.
Off—campus students will be able to vote in the
Campus Center lobby. -

Students who wish to vote must have an SA tax
sticker on the back of their l.D. card. Full-time
undergrads can pick up their tax sticker at the SA
Contact Office in the Campus Center. To receive
the sticker. however. students must bring proof that
they are registered undergraduates at SUNYA this
semester. i3

  

in what Student Association
President Rich Schaffer termed a
“decisive victory," U.S. Nor-
thern District Court Judge Neal
McCurn decided Tuesday to
allow students in New York State
to register and vote in their col-
lege communities.

SUNYA students won a tem-
porary injunction in October
l980, allowing them the right to
vote in Albany. The judge’s deci-
sion Tuesday night. permanently
ensures that all New York State
college students can vote in their
campus communities.

McCurn ruled in Auerbach vs.
McKinley that Section 5-i04 of
the New York State Election
Law. which states that university
students neither gain nor lose
their residence, is
unconstitutional.

McCurn also ruled that Section
l—l04 of the eiction law is con-

residence as “ﬁxed and perma-
nent,” and allowed local boards
of elections to discriminate
against dormitory residents on
this basis. McCurn's decision has
made such interpretations illegal.

This decision will affect
SUNYA students. Schaffer said.
because now the right to vote is
guaranteed by law and not by
temporary means.

“This is going to affect the at-
titudes of local ofﬁcials," he said.
adding that perhaps the “poor at-
titudes." ofﬁcials have towards
students voting will come to an
end.

"The decision definitely helps
student morale.” said Schaffer.
who expressed hopes that this will
help lend credibility to student
voters. “Now. it’s (the students
vote) a major factor," he said.

Schaffer also said this may help

10>

Campus conservatism reflects national trends

By Tom Bergen
STAFF WRITER

When democratic Presidential candidate
Walter Mondale spoke to University of
Southern California students last month.
he was interrupted by shouts of
“moscovites for Mondale.” "Reagan."
and “Four more years.” Not exactly the
greeting a democrat might have expected
from students in the ’60's.

in an apparent wave of growing campus
conservatism, students seem to be embrac-
ing the traditional values that their
counterparts rejected l5-20 years ago.

Student attitudes toward political par-
ties. the draft. and national government
are shifting towards the center, and accor-
ding to SUNYA student leaders and facul-
ty, this campus may be no exception.

The most active campus group on cam-
pus, at this point in the l984 elections. is
Students for Reagan. The group boasts a
membership of 250 students. while the
Albany State Young Democrats has about
50 students on their membership list.

Comparing students current political
beliefs to those of students in the 60's. An-
dy Gelbman of the Albany State Young
Democrats said. "Students are certainly
more conservative...students are moderate
on the most part, they tend towards
liberalism." .

Students for Reagan director Bruce
Weinfeld said he has no doubt that
students overwhelmingly support Ronald
Reagan. “People are more educated, they
know the real facts as opposed to the

however, conceded the youth vote to
Ronald Reagan.

Speaking before a conference of the Stu-
dent Association of the State University of
New York, Mondale's son Ted, obviously
pleased by the enthusiastic reception he
received. said “to the reporters who say
that youth is all Reagan-Bush, i wish they
could be here with me today."

He went on to charge that Reagan is a
threat to “our (young people’s) future."

SUNYA History professor Timothy
Wittner discounted reports of a large trend
towards conservatism among students.

rhetoric of the past." he asserted.

There are. Gelbman maintained, several
reasons for students’ changing attitudes.

“The job market for students has
decreased (during the terms of the last two
presidents), so students are more acutely
aware of practical needs." Gelbman ex-
plained. adding. “students as a whole tend
to be rebellious. The liberalism of the '60's
is now the professors'. and students are
rebelling against that."

in addition, Gelbman said. students are
“rebelling against (Moral Majority Leader
Jerry) Falwellian conservatism. and what

“The job market for students has decreased
(during the terms of the last two presidents),
so students are more acutely aware of
practical needs. ”

-—Andy Gelbman

saying. “There’s been some shift to the
right since the late ’60's and early '70’s.
but l don't think that means most students
are conservative. Most students have
become cynical and used to the status
quo...they've become pessimistic as to-the
possibility of changing things, and there is
some sense of numbness that has followed
from the nuclear arms race."

Wittner stressed that students “can be

we are now seeing is a rise of the center."

in addition to the somewhat unfreindly
welcome Mondale received at the Universi-
ty of Southern California. Democratic
Vice-Presidential candidate Geraldine Fer-
raro was also the target of student hecklers
last month. Ferraro was interrupted by
students several times while delivering a
speech at the University of Texas.

The Mondale campaign has not.

mobilized for issues of peace and social
justice. particularly if called on to serve in
a dubious cause in Central America."

Some indication of changing political at-
titudes among students can be found by
examining changing attitudes towards na-
tional security agencies. Since the
mid-1970's both ROTC (Reserve Ofﬁcer
Training Corps) and the CIA (Central in-
telligence Agency) have found greater ac-
ceptance among students.

According to ClA personnel represen-
tative Thomas H. White. in 1983 the CIA
received more than 200,000 resumes. a mo
percent increase over the mid-l970‘s.

ROTC enrollment has also been on the
rise. and in 1984 ofﬁcials said they reached
a record high of “0,145. An increase of
almost 2,000 is projected for l984.

According to Carolyn Boswell of the
Public Affairs Office of Selective Service.
compliance with the draft registration law
has reached 97 percent. She attributes this
high rate to public service advertisements.
as well as political events such as the Beirut
L L' g and the downing of the Korean
Air Lines jet.

One factor which Boswell said she didn't
feel was very important is the Solomon
amendment, which denies federal ﬁnancial
aid to male students not registered with
Selective Service.

This law, which was written by Glens
Falls congressman Gerald B. Solomon.
was recently upheld by the U.S. Supreme
Court. C]

 
 
 
    
      
      
     
    
 
 
    
 
    
       
   
         
      
           
    
    
      
   
 

a-..”ng '

  
      
     
     
    
     
           
       
       
       
   
          
      
    
             
             
        
              
    
     
        
              
         
        
                  
        
     

   
 
 

