 
 
 
  

 
 
    
 

  
 
 

 

 aw ‘ ' ' Cl FRIDAY SEPTEMBEH14.1984 ' x I ‘ g V_  _
10 I :,f‘lj’.l’,STUDENTPR€5_5 . g g f g g ‘ FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1954 El ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 11

 

 

 

   

 

 

       

        

 
 
  

 

     
       
           

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

    
 

 

      
   
  
    
      
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
     
    
   
    
  
   

 

 

The trustees will hold a public discussion Board {01' any VlOlﬂithS Of the safety COde. dent. “I've written every year and stayed at.
on the proposed athletic fee on September Marlolle said. UhleSS they refuse to fix any tive in the field," he said Tuesday.

New U datee * WWW-W     ~
8 V p v ‘ ’ “Mm Register '
I .' . ' tort Hotel from word processors In the university. ~, " ‘ , Rollin. I-lIIO'lI' ' I
Temporary houSlng :il‘iuziomz'ﬁ‘ini‘d  Ei‘iieviitcilsliiiuitre free to Steve Shapiro said that 32_ fonts. '0' F a R 3 VOLKSWAGEN SHOP Always Iuying Used Equipment I
' i 1 students with ID. cards, and will not run typefaces are 0" "He'll" use "1 Pl’lmlnﬁ FULL SERVICE/N.V.S. I New“  _ h
during holidays. explained Auletta. resumes. black and Whlie POS‘F”: an‘.‘ “'0' New 8 Used Parts Vintage > it 
The 140 students' who were living in tem- ' SA commuted Brennan's nus sci-vice to diicing slides and overhead projector Visuals. ‘436 Wes‘em Avenue ‘ Gum"  I i .
porary housing should be in permanent hous- supply ihc buses at a cost of $3,900 a year, or The system has already been used to print Ann" NY 12203 “Stringed instruments ’ 
ing by the end of the weekend, Director of 375 a night, a newsletter for the SUNYA library. various V "Y: 489.7738 Best Selection In Town" ﬂ.
Residential 'Life John Marione said uSA is rcpsonsibic for any damages," forms needed by University ofﬁces, and thc ( 2 m 8 east of Northway) ' a
Thursday. stressed Auletta, who urged students to keep In Touch summer newsletter from SUNYA’s (i
‘ 3. ‘This year, he said, 73 percent of the re- m, buses damagepce. Student Affairs Division. Shapiro said. V V _ ii
. -; quests for specific quads were honored, and ECC is now one of several organizations " . 2 :
I, 3 200 new sttidents were placed in “increased on campus offering typesetting services, as i
.  occuPrincy."   both the Albany Student Press and Student   I s I  I  .
‘ 5  Association also have compostion services. 
“"5"    Later this month. the SUNY Board of . ii v
 Trustees will come one step closer to deter- ’ f t 
 mining whether SUNY student governments  s   e y ‘ St
'7‘ L . h . I .‘ _ J _ will lose control of‘tlie funds for. inter-  i
i , me "'3 ‘ bu" “m”: w'“ begin ""5 collegiate sports, according to Student ll '
‘. weekend as part Of Student Association's Association for the 5mm Univﬂsity Presi. Plans are being finalized to hire students . it '
(SA) effort to keep drunk drivers off the dc,“ sue Wrny. ' and resident assistants to make safety checks Vince". Olga  '
road. according to SA Vice President Suzy Spam. now covered by‘he mandatory Sub in dorm rooms [his year. according to (he ' l'Y  
Amwa' . dent activity fee, would be funded by an Director of Residential Life. JOlin Marlone- imember ofthc law faculty of the University l. ,
I ‘ The buses, which SA funds every year. are adminislmiomcommpcd athletic fee if the He said students will be notified at least a of Belgrade in Yugoslavia.  ‘
t  schedulcd to leave the Adminimmion Gm": proposal passes. This, student leaders rnain- week in advance ofplans for safety checks itt O‘Leary‘s trip is being financed by i I
  Friday and smurday "Isms at 1230' “30 tain. could lead to other similar fees. Wray their dorm. and can be Present While ille Fulbright Foundation Scholarship. He will ‘
g 5‘ said that student governments SUNY.widc check is made. be lecturing on Criitiinal Justice, n subject lli‘ ‘ 
i ‘ oppose the measure. Students will not be referred to Judicial taught before becoming University l’tcsi. 

§ 25. and Wray said they may vote on it at their problems discovered. “The intent of the en- O'Leary said that all presidents oi‘suuv't
I. meeting September 26. tire safety program is to make Students more four university centers are allowed a study
‘ V, ' 4 “it's looking very, very scary." said safety conscience." he explained. leave after they have served five years in lilt‘
‘ Wray, calling the athletic fee “a real As many inspections as possible will be post, O'Leary, Who said this isthc first only
possibilty." made. Millions? said. adding. "there is a real leave he has taken. is in his eighth year is

concern on this campus and in this depart- suNyA'5 president,
mem for Sal-ell" Vice President for Academic Affairs

  Judith Ramaley will serve as acting president

until O'Leary returns to his post January IS,

‘ ‘ . ’ 1985.

The Educational Communications Center 0    o-Lcary said [his win be his third trip to
at SUNYA is now offer-us a typesetting ser- Yugoslavia, and that he will also visit other
‘ Vice to the Universny. havms leased aCom- SUNYA President Vincent O'Leary will be schools in the area to investigate the
Suzy Auk". pusraphle MCS-lO system. Which Includes a on a study leave from the university starting possibility of expanding SUNYA's foreign

typesetter, and can receive transmrssrons October l. O'Leary will be serving as a exhnnge programs.

 

    

           
   

   

Yes, there are differences.

 t  Over Summer . I l I i Andwethinkyoushould

 A. an: trassn eiiicitsiis
all/l0 SHIPPED DIRECTLY
‘

 

 
   
 

  

  
        
 
    
  

     
  
 
 
 
 

  
  
  

   
       
  

    
 
 

\ii‘:

i He explained that the change is an attempt paint, he said.
l'p.»

to compensate for study space lost on the se-
cond and third floors where the library's
growing book collection is shelved.

4 .. ' on the exact cost of leasing a chicken,

A .‘t'lp

know what they are. ‘H o
' Students' co la' t b t tl h‘ h ASk yourself these  3 Ship 8 ChICken? Don’t be
:1 I . mp in s a ou te ig noise fresh {1 ers ll th , ' - l
  . level in the lounge also prompted the change, reported‘fm on a e quads Marlene 2« questions. '( :§)'\ \ Silly' However’ your  
, said Ntteckt. adding that group studying will UAS renowned Walden Camp, 0,, WHEN you “As: A J L-a “7\\\\ , leased telephone W1“ be i
2 be allowed in semi i ' i t \ v \\ 3" ' i
t . . _ ,, , , . , . W “wins owed in the Alumni Quad this summer, according to CHICKEN no you ~..¢s‘-‘\\\ “teen shipped directly to you after
The library 5 second floor Red Carpet ‘ library With a prior reservation clue to limited Martone “it’s the best lookin f ' ’Q‘z“.\\\“:§<\‘)&~ ‘
lounge was remodeled this summer in order capacity. campus :5 he added 8 ca etena on    ’I' .  one can to 
Lo create Iadditioniil sltudyhsplalfe and cut ' ' FREE Dunma ‘~ - l .555. -“\‘. or you can pick up your
own on t re notse eve in t e i rary.    .. hone 'lt 1n Of our 
.j The lounge. which was previously an area ' J " I . 5"“ - p ‘ t y
i‘ for student socializing and group studying     PrObably nOt‘ BUt When :\;“{‘/'fg\-‘_ <‘;.-.' V ' Mb" Phone centers“
{I Will now be aquiet study area and will re- you lease your telephone ‘ I ’3‘: 7h." ‘ - 4     t
% 2::Citay  “ﬁdnigzczsacss  thigriintation was held on Colonial Quad In a recent issue of Rolling Stone magazine from  this fall, you won't "  , 3/       ‘
3 loun c's semi" ca ac" b 37 - - _ . mmer so that State Quad could be SUNY Albany was listed along with Emor pay any lease Charges next summer. 1 l” . I ' - . - A     l
i S . B P ‘Y_ Y Percent. ac painted, Director of Residential Life John University as theschools 'thth l y ("9' l "V “ ' -" 3
l Cf’rding t9 Director 0| Library Administrm Martonc said. Evcry room. lounge and door spirit. The article was awic r' at eraSI scngol You can use your phone at home’ and i ‘ 1'" h l ‘i”  ‘ T" m - I TELEPHONE THIS I‘ll?
i ' “0" Joseph Nltecki. received a fresh coat of University Beige Birnbaeh’s College Book "pLiii oioTisii-lﬁ‘i  it back to SChOOi  the  {N lg:  9499 vi", Hardly  we have no  data
A H ’ ‘ lieu...
I

' . The author of The Ofﬁcial P -
_ In addition to the work on State, Residcn- book, Birnbach's latest bodlcip‘i: 
tial Life repaired pluntbtng on Alumni Quad, Ultimate Guide to What's Happenin on
tested all of the smoke alarms. and planted Campus in the l980's.” 3

DO lEISEO CHICKENS COME IN A
SELECTION OF COLORS AND STYLES?

No. Cluckens 'lon't come in many colors.

we can tell you with some certainty that
the cost of leasing a telephone this fall

       
 
 

 

   

 

 

   
  
 

 
 

\ ..  " " 'But the AT&T telephone you lease / \,\ [I t ,v' Th i3 far less thlan you airtight think-
' ° this fall comes in a variety of e €ClSlOIt to ease a c c . en or a ‘v:
  S  d  p h  a  p y   colors and three popular styles. C - Eli-gal telephone, of course, rests With you. 2
 . . f * ARE trassn CHICKENS {’4 ?\ hBut should vtgu opt for the file- 5'
f. ._ . ‘ ’ REPAIRED FREE? ' p one, remem er: you get t ee é

v p O  O   m ? Don’t kid yourself. Repairing a chicken is a delicate . 1 months free next sutnmer, and you can take

r 5 process that requires the work of expensive professmnals. the phone home with you. There’s a choice
9' However,  the off chance your AT&T leased telephone of colors and styles, free repair, and

 
 
  
  

we'll ship you the phone or you can pick . A‘ ‘

it up at any of our AT&T Phone Centers. ._"—=
' It doesn’t cost much either. And =
that’s something to crow about. '==‘-
AT&T Consumer Sales and —'

—

_
v

    
 

    
  
  

   
 
 

l

 to fulfill an otherwise banal; 
exlstence? '

Service. To order your telephone, call

     

 

v . , 1-800-555-8111 for delivery right
needs repairs, we’ll ﬁx it absolutely free when you visit any to your door or for information concem-
of our AT&T Phone Centers. ' ing AT&T Phone Center locations.

 
    
  

  

 

'ir

     

Albany Colonie
38 S. Pearl Street Wolf Road Shoppers' Park

  
     
   
 

  

‘ - ' - 't 'ctinns: l.\'ttu must be registered for thtccrediiL-d hours lot the l984 fall term. 2. Valid only in siudenishilled by AT&T Consunit-r‘SaIL-sandService. 3. Delinquent ﬂl‘t‘llunlSiifL' void frnmnlfer. 4.l.imit two telephones per
ﬁlm”?liitiii'iviiiiﬁ:icinnutits from lease initiation tl' - i'. This offer is not valid for pennanunt year-round resident students. 7. The three free months wtll nitlvbl'gln until you have paid ltir lllL' first nine ntonths of our lease. a. All telephones are
FCC mu'i'sl'mm wt. mump- mmi, 59m“. for all ii-lt-pltont-s I at AT&T Phone Centers. ()nly telephones equipped wuliifouchttint- dliillitif can access certain long distance survtces and networks. “Copyright. AT&T oiisumer Sales and Sc " 19M.

 
 

        
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

     

VMMHW "Adm “do, . A

&

 

