 
 

By TomKacandes
arm wanna . I . V
It was along time coming. This-past
Saturday. the Albany State men's cross-
eountry team dramatically unseated the
Fredonla State dynasty from theSVUNYAC
‘ 'throne as the Danes put all‘five‘scoring
‘ runners In the top ﬁfteen places to win the
SUNY cross-country title and bring the
Blue Devils six-year domination of the
conference to a very abrupt end.

Fredonia's fifth man to outscore the Blue
Devils 47 to' 53. while Cortland actually
had'the tightest pack of runners. all ﬁve
between 13th and 22nd. which earned
them third place over'ali. SUNY-Buffalo.
bolstered ‘by the transfer of four solid har-
riers. came out of nowhere to edge
Geneseo for fourth place. I40 to 146.

Dane Jim Erwin led therace for most of
the ﬁrst mile setting a fast pace. Ed McGilI
then took the lead near the two-mile mark
while the Danes had swarmed to the front
of the pack. Said Munsey. “That had to
shake them (Fredonia) up some. I told our
guys that I wanted them to go out very
hard and by the mile mark it was Albany.
Frcdonia. and some scattered individuals.
None of our ﬁrst six faded back. They
stayed right where they went out. Fredonia
had to run with us more than we had to

‘ run with them.”

By the third mile McGlll had slipped to
third as meet-winner Jeff Byrk of Buffalo
State opened up a big lead. Meanwhile the
back end of the Dane pack slowly picked
off Fredonia's runners and opened up a
ﬁve-point lead.

McGill led‘the Danes to the ﬁnish line by
ﬁnishing third overall (26:17) right bet-
ween Fredonia's ﬁrst man Michael
Gaughran (26:l2). and their second. ‘Art
McArthur (26:21). Albany's number two
man. junior Ian Clements. ﬁnished
seventh in 26:33. well ahead of Fredonia's
third man. Kevin Ramsey (26:42).

Erwin ran the second. third. and fourth
miles “harder than I ever have. in my life"

*m Albany placed six runners in front of,

to ﬁnish' tenth overall in 26:55. Danes
Callaci (27:02) and Parlato (27:09) ﬁnish-
ed twelfth and ﬁfteenth. both of them well
ahead .of Fredonia's fourth man. Thoma
Hanson.j“1'hat wasthe difference right
there." McCiill said afterwards. ~"our pack
beat their pack. and their'a wasn't much of
a- pack eitheri", Sophomore Tim Hoff
ﬁnished Nth in 27:23 by outkicking Rick
Pureio. . Fredonia's number ﬁve man.
thereby adding a’displacement point to the
final score. . ‘

After all of the runners had come
through the chute. the Danes stood in a
cluster quietly while the scores were being
tabulated. Fredonia’s runners sat together.
exhausted and dimly aware that the im-
possible had happened. Then Albany
Head Coach R. Keith Munsey gave a shout
and skipped over to his team and the
Danes began jumping on top of each other
and shouting in celebration. “We wanted
this very. very badly." explained senior
captain Chris Caliaci.

The exuberance of the celebration mat-
ched the team’s nervousness the night
before. "We have nothing against
Fredonia personally." junior Craig
Parlato explained.“but when one team
dominates for so long . people get sick of
them." “We got a lot of support from
other teams and'coaches." Coach Munsey
said. “so I told my boys, ‘Hey. the eyes of
the SUNY Conference are on you’." Cap-
tain Jim Erwin recalled. "Yeah. that was
great. We were totally nervous after that."
Sophomore Tim Hoff said. “We heard
that Doc Phillips. the Fredonia coach. had
told somebody. ‘I don't think Albany can
run with us.’ and I said ‘Okay. buddy.
we'll see you there’.”

Assessing the meet in retrospect and his
team's future Munsey began: "It was a
real dogﬁght. a horse race. Was Fredonia
tougher than last year? Yes. they were .
but we're even more improved. We're so
improved that a lot of people have and will
underestimate what we can do. but that’s
okay. We're not going to let this make us

 

 

 

w M _ .au' .a..._~.._ _

surly In the tint ps

«.21....— M . 

Davs Soldini ran ramlpoant for 209 yards against Norwich Including a 91 -yard

 

r. is..."t:‘f\t‘5“t"*’f" ‘

I ’1 ,
,.‘ It's:st 'MA I“.

  

LUOKIV UPS
scampsr

ane-harriersregain SUNYAC title

overconﬁdent. though. Fredonla will be
very tough at Begionals and those NCAA
plane tickets to Nationals could go to a
couple of different teams. We’ve got our
work cut out for us.” The Dane barriers
have now stretched their winning streak to

in recast

Dansa win the SUN ac championships.

Norwich ’3 second half rally stuns Danes, 27- 1 7

By Marc Barman
swan EDITOR .
Northﬁeld, VT

For more than 29 minutes of the

‘ 30-minute half. the Albany State defense

silenced the Norwich's high-powered 'of-
fense along with their 75 millimeter
howitzer. which is traditionally shot off
after every Cadets touchdown.

But then, the Dane's greath adversary
this season. the turnover. started to play a
role in Saturday's game, which Albany
State eventually lost 28-I7.

In all. there were four Albany miscues.
each one playing a part in Norwich's stirr-
ing comeback. which saw them wipe out a
17-0 Great Dane advantage.

And during this Norwich comeback. the
ancient cannon exploded four consecutive
times; once late in the first half and three
times in the second half. while Albany
State failed to retaliate with any firepower
.of their own.

“We feel crushed right now." said a
somber Dave Soldini. who had a spec-
tacular 209 yard rushing effort including a
91-yard touchdown gallop in the ﬁrst
period. “It’s a tough loss to take.”

“The team let down a bit." added
linebacker Jim Valentino. who sat
slumped in the front of his locker in the
depressing Dane's dressing room. “We

should've come after them in the second

half and killed them right there."

Albany Harrlsra Cral Parlato. Chris Callael and Jim Erwin hung together to help the

   

OCTOBER 23, I984

      
    

memory. Their SUNYAC win is Albany's
ﬁrst since 1977.

The team is now looking forward to the
llth annual Albany Invitational where
they run against rivals University of
Rochester and Division 1 Siena on the
Danes’ home course this Saturday.

 

 

TOM KACANDEB ASP

If it weren’t for the turnovers. Coach
Bob Ford felt his Danes just might have
done that: “Take away those turnovers."
said Ford shaking his head. “we might've
blown them out." V

“It wasn't the amount of turnovers."
commented offensive line coach Ed
Zaloom. “It’s just that we turned the ball
over in such key situations.”

Albany's initial turnover helped in-
directly towards the Cadets cmcial ﬁrst
touchdown. which came late in the ﬁrst
half. Their ﬁnal three blunders came in the
second half—two leading to Cadet scores ‘
while the third killed an Albany scoring
threat.

The Danes’ afternoon started off almost
as elegant as the scenery surrounding Nor-
thﬁeld. Vermont's Sabine Field. Autumn-

' colored mountain ranges framed the foot- I
ball ﬁeld and the persistent sun only added
to it’s beauty. 1

Beautiful was the only way to describe
the Danes’ second offensive play of the
game. Soldinl bolted right on the veer and
was able to outsprint the Norwich secon-
dary for a 91-yard touchdown run.

Dave Lincoln booted a 43-yard ﬁeld
goal on the next possession. which was aid-
ed by two toward. gains by Soldinl. who
compiled 154 yards by halftime. ‘

The lead increased to 17-0 when the _‘
Danes put together a ﬂawless I0-play. ’

22>

  

W .— W~w Hw—WM- M

 

  

PUBLISHED AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY OF'NEW YORK AT/ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORA TIION‘ "

 

Friday 1‘ '1
October 26, 1984

NUMBER 34'

 

 

Buffalo students pull $4M from Marine Midland

By Lisa Strain '
commsurma sonar .

Allegedly giving loans to com- .
panics that deal with South Africa
——- a country known for its racist
policies —- is going to cost Marine t 1
Midland a four million dollar ..
account. ‘

The account belongs to the Stu-
dcnt Association at SUNY Buf-
falo. They're making the move in
support of efforts to get SUNY
statewide to divest all its holdings
in companies that operate in
South Africa.

According to Anthony Lord.
Marine Midlanti’s Senior Vice
President and General Manager
of Europe. Mideast. and South
Africa, the bank “has made no
and has no intention of making
any investments in South"
Africa." 't

As to whether or not Marine ;‘ , W _
Midland givcs loans to companies 5 .6 b
that have holdings in South

   

 

n'South Africa. said
Bojana Jordan, President of the

 
 
 
  
  

ment funds will be transferred
frotn Marine Midland to Gold

SUNYA’s Student Association
has its funds in Key Bank. which.

we’re trying to get ﬁrms like that
closer to New York so we can
counsel with them." Sampson
asserted. “We‘re waiting for a
comprehensive plan from SASU
(Student Association of the State
University)— a more technical.
action plan," he said.

“We're interested in making
this one of our top priorities this
year." Schaffer added.

Marine Midland's exact role in
dealing with South African com-
panies is not completely clear, ex-
plained Jordan. "We have not
been able to trace exactly what
'role they have. but we suspect
they might be lending money to
companies dealing with South
Africa." he said.

ASAPFA has two lists of
banks. Jordan said. those that are
"clean" and have no dealings
with South Africa and those that
aren't. “Marine Midland is
neither 7— they are suspect

Africa. Lord said. “We are a
business entity. not a political
entity. If a bank were to deter-
mine their accounts on the basis
of their clients‘ investments it
would go out of business."

Marine Midland is listed as one
of over fifty regional and com-
mercial banks in the United States
lending funds to South Africa in a
list published by The Committee
to Oppose Bank Loans to South
Africa.

As of last July 539 companies
and banks had invested a total of

American-South African People’s
Friendship Assbciation (ASAP-
FA). “South Africa.” he said.
“employs only 2 percent blacks.
(its) population is 26 million
blacks and 4 million whites. The
millions of dollars in taxes these
companies pay to South Africa
are used to perpetuate
apartheid.”

According to SUNY Buffalo
Student Association President
Jane McAlevey. in the next two
weeks the $4 million dollars of
SUNY Buffalo student govern-

Domc, a bank on the”deanslist."
a list of companies proven to have
no holdings ‘or investments in
South Africa.

“it’s just a matter of vote at
our upcoming meeting; we have
the majority." McAlevey said.
“We‘ve been researching this
since July. The reason it took us
so long was we wanted to get pro-
of —— actual investment Sheets in
our hands — so we can prove
without a doubt" that Gold
Dome has no investments in
South Africa.

according to SA President Rich
Schaffcr is on the “clean list.”
SUNYA's SA Third World
Caucus Co-chair Dwayne Samp~
son explained. “Efforts here are
in putting a series of resolutions
through Central Council. in
general awareness in how Marine

Midland is directly’rclated to.

South Africa. and how students
can seek alternatives."

“We're looking at other banks
and investment ﬁrms that have
divested. There’s a firm in
Philadelphia that's divested and

because they have no policy either
for or against South Africa."
According to a statement issued
by SASU. as of March I983. the
State University of New York En-
dowment Fund had investments
in companies active it South
Africa totalling at least $17.3
million. Much of this was in the
form of government bonds. of
the $64.l million invested in the
private economy. 27 percent is in
18 or more South African-related
enterprises.
13>

Students split on quality of academic advisers

By Lisa Mirabella
CONTRIBUTING EDITOR

This Is the first of two articles on the state of academic
advisement at SUNYA.

“Advisement! What's advisement?” senior Eric Dorf
demanded. at the mcntion ofthe word. 0n the eve ofpre-
rcgistraion for next semester, many students may be sear-
ching for the answer to that question...or for their
udvisors.

“The difficulty on this campus." accor-
ding to Robert Gibson. acting director of
the Center for Undergraduate Education
(CUE), “is that thc students and staff do
not have a commonly agreed upon defini- Feature
tion of what academic advisement is."

As a result of what Gibson called “mismatched expec-
tations." thch is a gap in the advisement process.

Debi Grccnwald. now a junior in the School of

News

Business. explained how the gap affected her. “At first I
expected them to take care of everything.” she said. ex-
plaining that her expectations have been modiﬁed since
then. And now. upon looking back, she said. “If I would
have asked for more; I would have received more."

One sophomore said. “I expect information to be of-
fered to me." Describing her unhappiness with her CUE
advisor. she said. “I had to pull everything out of her."

Gibson said “the advisors depend on the students to
raise specific questions."

First year student Gail Crawford praised the advise-
mcnt process. "My advisor gave me suggestions on
courses and professors. She also made suggestions about
career and long-term goals.”

Crawford summed up the session saying. “Site
answered the questions I wouldn't have known to ask."

The CUE publication Major Decisions. given to frosh
at orientation, lists a number of qualities and skills a CUE

 

By Flick Swanson
(EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Vandalism in strident dorms is increasing at
SUNYA. leaving administrators upset. lounges trash-
cd. and one student escaping injury by only a few feet
when a bottle crashed through the skylight of a lounge
on Colonial Quad.

“1 have little tolerance for this activity." said Assis-
tant Vice President for Facilities Dennis Stevens. ofthe
increased vandalism on all five quads. Students. he
maintained. “have adopted a luisscz-fairc attitude
about the damage."

Much of thc vandalism. said Stevens. has been
directed at five safety devices. including heat sensors
fire alarms and especially fire extinguishers.

The administration. Stevens said. went to a lot of
trouble to make the dorms safe. “it is difficult." hc

 

said. “to understand why the people who were suppos-t

Vandalism threatening safety in dorms

cd to be protected did so much damage" to the safety
equipment.

“We went to great lengths to ensure safety in the
rooms" of the dorms, said Stevens. explaining that the
physical plant workers had just completed installing
fire extinguishers on all the quads. '

Assistant Director of Physical Plant Karl Scltarl
said. “We went beyond what was required by safety
regulations -— to ensure safety” in the dormitories.

“Our main concern is the students’ safety." asserted
Scharl. who said he is apallcd at the apathy of students
who could otherwise help prevent the vandalism by
reporting it.

“They should report it." said Scharl ol‘ the students
who witness the violence. “After all. its their lives that
are in danger." he asserted.

in addition to vandalism to fire safety equipment.

18>

 

 

adviser should have.

These include being speciﬁcally trained to help put
together a ﬁrst semester schedule. an ability to explain re-
quirements and the publication says. “You should expect
that your advisor will treat you as an individual. not as a
number or stereotype."

CUE did fulfill these expectations. according to some
fresh interviewed. Carol Candiano said her advisor"
“seemed genuinely concerned” with her as a “person.”

Jeff Hubbard. also a freshman, but with a declared
major in chemistry, said he expected an advisor to “ex-

“...students and staff do not
have a commonIy agreed on
deﬁnition of what academic
advisement is.”
—Robcrt Gibson

 

plain courses and 'now they would help toward my major
and toward career goals." His advisor. he said. “did
know about a lot of options."

Major Decisions also promises. “Your advisor will cer-
tainly be able to explain any questions you have concern-
ing majors."

However. Andrea Snydncr claims. “I was given inac-
curate information. I was told the Social Welfare School
needed applicants and was easy to get into. When it came
time to apply. it turned out to be harder than the business
school to get into." She said she would hat/c planned dif-
ferently. if her advisor had given her the correct
information.

When students declare their majors. usually at the end
of their sophomore year. they are assigned a faculty ad-
vlsor in the department of their major.

13>

 

  
  
 

 

t
i
t
I

f
:t

 

