 

 

Coontry

ountry, a Touchstone Filmspro- I
I duction directed by Richard

Pearce, produced by William Wit-
tliff and Jessica Lange, written by William
Wittliff, co-starring Jessica Lange and Sam
Shepard '

' Jessica Lange’s latest effort, Country,
could have been a very good film, but un-
fortunately, it isn’t. "There are a lot of peo-
ple in the Midwest who areliving through
another depression," said Lange. “People
are being run off their land, land they’ve
tended all. their lives. Nobody was paying
attention to their plight. We became deter-
mined to make a film that would",

 

Tom Kacandes

 

Well, maybe it was that determination
that kept Lange and Wittliff so OVer»
concerned with the "plight" that they
forgot about the plot. Country suffers from
what one might term "dramatic myopia”
meaning that Lange put so much faith in
the inherent drama of the material that she
didn’t pay enough attention to the au-
dience's point of view, which is why the
movie’s ending falls flat like a badly told
joke.

She should have gone back to Silkwood
for an example of how to handle the
dramatic outcome of a real-life story. All in
all the story isn’t bad, but the ending really
fails; in fact, it’s terrible. While the credits
were rolling, Sam Shepard’s name slid by
and l wondered, "Gee, Sam's such a good
writer, why didn’t he save this script?" if i
had to guess, l'd say that Sam either didn’t
see the edited version until it was too late
or was actually told to keep his talented
nose out of it. Too bad. A good writer
would never have let that movie leave the
editing room.

 

'   T

Sheppard and Lange are good, but newcomer Levi L. Kncbel (right) steals the show.

~Luckily, the story is good enough right
up to the very end to let some first-rate ac-
ting shine through. Lange does a good job
playing Jewell lvy, a woman born and rais-
ed on the same piece of lowa dirt and
determined to keep her land with or
without her husband’s help. She should
stick to acting. As Gil lvy, Shepard makes
all the right moves, but never SUCceeds in
getting the audience involved in his
alcoholic reaction to the government's at-
tempt to foreclose on his farm.

Both Lange and Shepard are good, but
the supporting actors are so much better
that the leads end up seeming less in-
teresting than those around them. Wilford

 

Brimley (The Natural et al), one of the best

character actors going, is totally great as ‘

Jeweli's father, Otis. He's able to pull off
the script's predictable reactions and make
us forget that we'd expected his every ex-
pression. Now that’s good acting.

Jim Ostercamp is masterful in his por-
trayal of Cowboy, the mentally disturbed
son of a neighboring family whose father
shoots himself in front of Jewell when their
farm goes under. Cowboy is the best
character in the film, but the best acting
comes from neWcomer Levi L. Knebel
whose debut as Carlisle lvy, the family‘s
confused teenage son is the film's only
surefire academy award nomination.

 

 

  

: November2,3198):~ '

wad. ‘

Though the role is limited, Knebel is ef-
fortless and his performance rivals that of
Timothy Hutton in Ordinary People.
Visually, Country is ’a very good-
looking film with good production values,
though the cinematography is standard
enough to get a bit boring toward the end.
The score, a series of piano solos by Win-
dham Hill recording star George Winston,
is very good, but because the characters
say so little to each other, every time the
music comes up it pokes right through the
scant dialogue as if to say, "Hey, wake up!
S‘omething big's going to happen nowl"
Despite the quality acting and substantial
dramatic potential, production faults such
as this keep Country from being the really
good film it might have been. lfl

 

 

STEAK

 

 

featuring:

University Auxiliary Services Presents: .

LUCKY NUMBERS GAME

 

in your Quad Cafeteria

The winner receives a dinner for two

Shrimp Cocktail
Sirloin Steak

Lobster Tails

Dinner will be served to you
1n your Quad dining room.

LOBSTER TAILS tﬂf'l:

TUES. Nov. 6 State Quad only
THURS. Nov. 8 Indian Quad only

MON. Nov.12 Alden, \Vaterbury and Brubacher Halls only

2 ~- l'
i .
,,..

x

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

momma-'- 984:

 

 

Kai...   "

ith his magnificent protrayal of

Groucho Marx Sunday night in

Schenectady, Gabe Kapian may
finally shed his Mr. Kotter image.

Groucho in the play of the same name.
Even though he may be too tall and the
nose a little off, Kaplan looks the part.

 

Ian Spelling

Groucho traces three crucial phases in
the man's life. First, background informa-
tion concerning his parents is given. Also
examined in detail are the first films with
the team of Groucho, Harpo, Chico, and
Gummo

Kaplam ably filled in the history of the
Marx Brothers with the aid of a slide
presentation and several character fic-
tionalizations. He told of the brothers'
metamorphosis into the Marx Brothers.
They began as the Four Nightengales in
1908. After realizing comedy suited them

 

eventually.

Somehow, the jewishness of their
names--Julius(Groucho), Leonard(Chico),
etc.--failed to lend themselves to success.
Harpo became Harpo for the obvious
reasons, though he never did have a lesson.
Explaining Harpo’s muteness, Groucho
shared the tale of Harpo yelling to a big-

would never talk again."
Chico deriyed from Leonard out of

tion of Fun in Highskule Leonard forever
became Italian.

. Although the other brothers are men-
tioned throughout the evening, it is
Groucho and Chico(Robert Hegyes) who
are showcased. Groucho continually recalls

type of guy who “would give you the shirt

lent him the day before.”

“ it was Chico's gambling with Al Capone,
among others of such repute, which earned
the brothers jobs at low points. Chico got

ed suit. As Groucho put it, “Since l wasn't

married too." He wed Ruth Johnson in
920 to the chagrin of her parents, whom

After discussing the success of Coconuts
and Animal Crackers the play advances
twelve years to 1941-. Groucho Marx the

receives priority here. Through the guise
Kaplan connotes the comedian’s cynicism.

women should be obscene and not heard,"
or "what causes my insomniatul think not
Sleeping, perhaps," let the audience feel
and understand Marx’s anxieties toward
aging. ‘- V

At this point Kaplan laces Groucho's

Croucho's fall from grace with the almost
almighty Louis B. Mayer signals an end to

years and endures two other divorces.
Jokes such as "a man is only as old as the
Woman he feels" only heighten the irony.
Marx then made A Night in Casablan-
cawith his brothers and three solo pictures.
That all four flopped supplied more
evidence proving Groucho Marx a has-
cen.

"LUCk struck one more time" at the age
of 59. His “You Bet Your Life" T.V. quiz
show lasted 14 years and earned him an
Emmy. In his "waning" years he was earn-
ing more money than he ever did as a
Marx brother.

When Chico died on Oct. 11, l9ot, he
had the last laugh-Groucho had to pay for
the funeral. While Groucho continued his
career by making cameo film appearances.
time took its toll. Harpo passed away, as

Kaplan could be forced to deal with a .
new sterotype--that of being the ideal '

better than singing, the rest was history,

shot theater owner "I hope your theater '
burns down." it did. "So we decided Harpo '~

nothing less than necessity. For the produc- 

the exploits of Chico, describing him as the r

‘off his back--and it was usually the one you b

married early and Groucho quickly follow- a

too good with the ladies i decided to get ;
Groucho declared "orthodox anti-semiles." '
family man and supposed woman hater '

of an interview with a female reporter )

One liners such as "as far as I’m concerned ‘

acerbic wit with a touch of sympathetic j'
and ironic contrasts. The story of ‘

the upbeat tone of the Show. ln rapid suc- .
cession Groucho divorces his wife of 21 '

 

 
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
  
  

  
 

 

never witnessed the revival of their films.

The last section of the show provided
the deepest insight into the persona of
Groucho Marx. Kaplan spoke exactly as
the comedan did at that time, and closely
resembled the feeble looking, but still
quick-wittcd 87-year-old man. Via another
interview Groucho makes several points.
At 87, he's "a living legend," but 30 years
ago he “was a pain in the ass.“ He's not
married, but "shacking up." Whenever he
tries to have sex his partner threatens to
call the police. Her charge? "Assault with a
dead weapon." Feeling quite mortal and
self-pitying Groucho says "1'". drop you a

  

 

 

    
    

 
 

by ' b

   

 

 

 

 

line sometime. l certainly don't want to
send you up a note.”

Kaplan is marvelous. Although the voice
wavers until the end, Kaplan personifies
Marx. He bears a mild resemblance to the
comedian both physically and comically.
Often during the show a slide would ap-
pear late or out of place. This allowed for
some quick ad~libbing. If one joke failed,

‘ two or three others quickly followed up.

And these got laughs.

Robert Hegyes(Epstein on Kotter)
played the small role of Chico superbly. To
get such development in so little time is
remarkable. He generally serves as the butt
of one-liners or is the focal point of Marx

 

 

 

Brothers stories. Hegyes, unlike Kaplan,
bears an,uncanny resemblance to his
character.

Kathryn Staneligh plays all of the
women throughout the performance. She
is not asked to act, but merely react. Her
"performance" does nothing for the show
other than act as a catalyst for Kaplan.

Groucho was a fascinating tale of a
fascinating man. Though the play de-
glamourized the life of the most famous of
the Marx Brothers, it showed him to be
human. The man had his troubles, but
most of our funny men are troubled souls.

  

   
     

