 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

of Division 111 school.” said Toner.,

 

 

ferent classes — Division LA and Division

baseball, leading the baseball team in bat-

 

 

22>

   

 

  

  

 
  

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 
   
 

, . . , , , ,  , .   r‘.:& F-Slll’filiti
PUBLISHED ATTHE STATE UNIVERSITYOF NEW YORK AT iALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION ‘
.l I I _ d _.--r' ' . I
“Tuesday~ *
I A , . W 1; 
'2 r 4 Y NOVEMBER 7, I984 ' 
.; - t p . . A v November 1 3, 1984 t
: Danes’ Wishbone tramples over Buffalo 33-10  “M W!  38 ‘
t -: ‘ . 5 r -
i i t . .
‘il Sold"lkthtd rh' Ad ‘tM't  UAS - -
,   re arts 1 4 fsur us in ast iscal ear
i is   S o s        The Danes then travelled 94 p ’ 
t  ‘ yards in 11 plays — 10 of them .
it t By Marc Berman been pleased with the treatment yards. Unfortunately for the the fourth. rushing. By James O'Sulljvan The 1984-95 Programming Fund has
i l SPORTSEDITOR he’s received since becoming a Bulls, Hyer also completed four What proved to be the biggest “We’ve moved the bail all year, 'V"“""'"”"” i‘Ct‘" increased 10 330.00. he suit]. The
: ; it took eight games, but the Great Dane last season., As a passes to the men wearing purple. drive of the game started after but never as consistently as that," University Auxiliary Services (UAS) “Don't Walk Alone" Escort Service, Five
t-;.- Albany State football team ﬁnally freshman. he was assigned to Although Hyer's yardage was Frank Sarcone intercepted commented Ford. “That was a Posted it 551344.651 5111111115 in" lhs‘ Quad Amhlllnncc's new garage, Cont»
t‘ showed how unstoppable a junior varsity -— a conching deci- impressive, his interceptions were another Hyer pass, killing a Bulls’ key drive.” 21> 19X3-198nli‘cur, according to UAS (iciici'ai i'ueiieement, and the Purple and God scr-
‘2 wishbone offense can be when all sion he didn't revel in at the time. ' costly to Buffalo. Coaches are ' . Manager E. Norbert Zahm. vice organization are some of the projects
i ' the parts are working. Until the last few weeks. Mitchell seldom pleased with turnovers. The excess, he said, came mosin from being funded this year. Zahm said.
ii‘ Rushing for a season-high 385, was returning kickoffs and played “Hyer didn't have a good an improved computer system and a tlcci- UAS does not budget to break perfectly
 yards. the Danes powered past only a minor role in the wishbone. game." said Buffalo coach Bill sion to pay for lliL‘ hyslcm tlt'lldlltllly- even. Zahm said, because money is needed
 Buffalo University, 33-10, solidi- Now. after his recent perfor- Dando. “He forced the ball too The information was released at last for various plant projects. such as
i ,1; fying their chances of avoiding a ,mances. he has solidified his star- much. I feel sorry for the whole month's General iVik‘lllin‘lsilip meeting of remodeling cafeterias. As “a strictly break
 second-straight losing season. ting position. team, they cmbarassed themselves the UAS corporation, during which Dan even corporatiott we would do nothing but
I, The 4-5 Danes host Marist this “This year 1 was expecting today." Altman, a SUNYA junior. was elected just plain exist and there would be no im-
 " Saturday, a hapless team Albany more playing time," said the The Danes wasted no time UAS Board President for 1984-85. provcmcnts to facilities." Zahm said.
ti ‘t has outscored 96-7 in their last August Martin graduate. “The lighting up the scoreboard Satur- Hi1” 0rlll€$1341601 WOW. Zilhm Silidv L35! year DillCil Quad carClel'ia “’83
 two meetings, last few weeks things have gotten day. on their ﬁrst offensive play, has already been set aside for the UAS' remodeled. and this past summer the
‘  In this Saturday's game, junior a lot better." , . Russell made an chellent read, Long Range Planning Committee. which is Alden-Waterbury cafeteria was redone,
i ‘, fullback Dave Soldini will need The saga of the Danes’ faking a handoff to Soldini and currently looking into a major campus Although UAS does not have any specific
t L 155 yards to smash the school freshman quarterback also keeps pitching the bail to Mitchell on 01050“ for UAS 10 fund~ The Other 592.00 Plans- 21‘1"“ said lili" UAS may Plan 10
t season-rushing record of 1009 getting better. Jeff Russell. look- the option. Mitchell turned the Will be “50d for UAS 0170130119. expense-9- TedO €1th? COionial. lndiun. 01' Stale
t 1 yards, set by Tom DeBlois in ing more in control of the corner and 73 yards later the Zahm said. Quad cafeterias "0X1 Sl-lmmcr- Hc men-
1 . 1975. Soldini, after a slow first wishboncthan ever before, scored Danes were up a touchdown. There is currcnli)’ $122,130 in the Long DAVEISAAC ups “Oiled comma] has ""3 OldeSl Cﬂielﬂia.
1 1 ,half in which he fumbled twice, the Danes' third touchdown on at Midway through the second Range Planning ACCOUN’ and Zahm said UAS General Manager E. Norbert Zahm but wouldn’t say which quad was to be
g. compiled 90 yards last week to in- 13-yard keeper to cap a crucial period. the Bulls knotted the the money could go towards a project such “We were anticipating savings but not like (his. ,. done next or when the overhaul would be
7‘ crease his total to 855. 94-yard drch late in the third score assisted by a. screen pass to as a "3"” Skating “"ki a small 5901'“ com' ' made-
} “it would be nice to get the quarter, running back Dane Hightowet. plcx. or a UAS mini-mall building. pcnsc computer should be depreciated over “Without interest we would have lost This year's 7.3 percent board hike was
.- record," sttid soldini, “but pm “That was a big one," said The ptay hetth 74 yards _ 59 Zahm estimated that any possible pro- several years. rather than have the entire $200,000" in the 1983-84 yeathahm said. necessary despite last year's surplus. Zahm
r ‘ not going to think about it. in the Russell, who was lifted in the yards on the reception and an ad- ject would cost “in the area of $1 cost written off in one year. .“Wc were an- UAS made $187,154 from its investments said, because the university has six more
a) , ﬁrst half t played too tight fourth quarterto rest his battered dittonat t5 on a tawhh penahy. million," and that at least 30 percent of ticipating savings (with the program) but last year'. I . days of classas scheduled this year, and
t  because i thought about it too body. “i felt good out there. 1 Two more short completions to the total cost would be needed for a down not like this.” Zahm said- “1 lhlnk "'5 Impormm for People 10 because '3f increased energy C0515-
,‘ , much." was making the right reads. The Hightowcr placed the ban on the payment. interest on investments was “a major know that the $184,000, or whatever the Labor, food. and operating costs‘ofthe
't :1 soldihi was not the only training staff did a gtcat job get. two Whm-e Ted Stepicn punched Most of the surplus came when the support of the corporation." Zahm said, nct incotnc is, stays on the campus." he quad cafeterias requires. he said. “an
‘t ' backfield threat Saturday. Ro ling me healthy enough to play," the ban in for the Show money UAS set aside for bad debts (scr- adding that it provides “a substantial por- said. I enormous amount of money--you've got .
iti Mitchell‘s 134 yards on 10 carries “He's getting better each day," The Danes took a 14.7 lead, vices rendered but not paid for) was largely tion of our net income each year." in addition to the Long Range Planning 7,000 people that are going to eat" at least ,t
tt . evoked the htghest praise from said Ford. “He did a great job taking advantage of Jim vutcm unused. The account went from $115.00 “We’re not very broad in investments.” Fund. Zahm explained. UAS also spent one meal aday. t tt.
 Coach Bob Ford. Mitchell. fresh today." tino‘s 42-yard interception return. budgeted to less than $10,000 used. mainly he said, “because we need to keep them $47,000 on programming last year. This UAS also ‘had to pay $85,000 more in ‘€
iii 0” a record-setting 96-yard Safety Wayne Anderson was A Chris Haynor 28-yard rcvctsc as a result of a new computer system very safe and very liquid." UAS invests. money goesto Universtty-Wide events such budgeted utility costs for the quadsand the 
i-ﬂ touchdown rctttrn against ant3thcr key in the Danes: fourth play spotth the hall at the nine. which, Zahm said, allowed UAS to collect Zahm said, in corporate loans where banks as Mayfest, where UAS and a campus ltumqua't cafeteria last year, and that
1r: Hofstra, ran for two touchdowns victory, Besides playing an in. The next play Mitchel] handled more money sooner. so that less money act as agents, such as Traveler's insurance, organization share the expenses. " ' figure Will be larger this year. Zahm said.
:. in the Buffalo gamev inctudtng t, tcgmt rotc'in Shuttt‘ng down the “the yards to, his second was at risk. General Motors. Ford Motor Company, .“For  lot of organizations, Lahm The State Department of Budget. he ex-
; 73-yard gallop on Albany’s first Bulls' aerial attack (known as touchdown ot‘the day. Further, UAS came out $64,560 ahead and General Electric. “The bank says said, “Without it(programming fund) they plaincd, requtrcs UAS to pay a certain
t} offensive play of the game. ‘Dando’s Airforce‘), Anderson Buffalo closed the score to when auditors determined that a computer ‘we‘ve got commercial paper for wouldn't exist or they wouldn't have any amount for utility costs over the ba5ic utili- t
iii “He's going to beagrcat one,” threw for a 39-yard touchdown 14-10 by adding a 35-yard field Program developed for ""3 bad debt ‘37" 58163 (and) W9 531’ ‘Whal's “18 “new” Programming-" 0' Charge. Cl
3'; said Ford, who can already envi- pass off and fake punt and ran goal 39 seconds before the half.
’5 sion Mitchell, Soldini and Dana for a first down on another fake. The second halfwas dominated , . . i |
:?_t Melvin in the wishbone backfield Southpaw quarterback Ken by the Danes, breaking open a , ‘ LUCK“ -       s u  -  y 
 next season. Hyer threw an astronomical 46 tight contest by scoring one 231th ggngrglgg'ozmugsestfomml oi "‘9 be" as ank 5“" '
it in the 1755!. Mitchell has not times, completing 22 for 319 touchdown in thcthird and two in P p p on '
1 f v By Flick Swanson The message also states that “over the SUNYA Director of Planning Patrick 'Messagc, mtist enroll 2,000 freshmen an-
.ti‘ , . "WWW/‘1ASS’STANT past 12 years budgeted enrollment increas- Terenzini said that SUNYA met its goals nuaily “without lesseningnour own
A s   S       Wltile student enrollment shows no sign ed 14 percent while budgeted instructional by having a total of 15,833 students enroll, 'rigorous admission standards. ' I
' ‘ of decreasing at SUNYA. the faculty size resources decreased 8 percent, creating a including 11.321 undergraduates and 4,512 SUNYA leeClOf of Admtssions
4 has been shrinking in comparison, pro- nct enrollment funding shortfall of 22 graduate students. Rodney Hart said "105“: Slandards "‘Ciu‘je
; By Keith Marder “Most Division 111 schools are small, l-AA. ting average in his junior and senior Viding " Widening gap in [he Sludcm w percent": . . . .To 'T‘ain‘f‘“".“d5. cnro'lnltcnllg‘iéitst' die a high “hoe! grade palm average or 
1 '“WTSWWR private schools with one-twelfth of the “in those years," said TOIICI‘,"'WC'VC seasons. He was also chosen to coach the faculty muo' . . According to Vlcc‘Prcs'dcm far szitncf: unwcrsny' decor mg lo “6 “'51 cm s ,
t The r331 mm the National Collegiate students that the University at Albany has, spentas muchtimetnthe courts as we have freshman basketball squad in his senior ACU08 PTCSldcm J‘Udlih .Rﬂmfliey Of' “lid Emma 0.91"? Gcicm’us‘o 3" 3 dl‘ '—_..———-—-——
,t V. Athletic Association lost its exclusive This shows some of the bigger schools that spent out of them." year because of his distinguished career in {cred “me liopc trtor Immediate "np.rovc' "onal 39 FTE mmucuonal faculty Yfmld
tit” rights to televise college football games they are not too good for Division 111." Toner, who is currently the Athletic that sport. Amyot, who graduatcdin 1936. men" asscrll'ig' (he? it’mbuﬁlysg'tgybe wk? “5 ‘9 3? ,lB to l Stufjtcm to mum”
,‘I Will hurt DWISlOl'l 111 football according to Toner, whose two-year term as president Director at the University of Connecticut, was also given a special gold medal for be- very few DDSIIIOHS ava' ab 8 i0  ’e, t, A railo' which IS m progress'E . t . t
5  John Toner. the president of the NCAA ofthe NCAA comes to a close in the mid— came to the Hall of Fame banquet as a ing the “One Who Did the Most for SYS‘Cmi because.“ bUdECl ilnllldtIOIl-S. The request for 39 FT. instructiona
,1 who spoke at Albany’s inaugural Hall of die of January. has also served as the favor to Albany's Athletic Director Dr. Athletics" at a personal testimonial dinner in SUNYA 5_ 'bUdSCI. request for faculty included five additional positions
 Fame inductions on Saturday. Secretary-Treasurer of the Association. William Moore. Toner knows Moore in his senior year. Saturday night, his [9.85'86‘ fltjtaddgiﬁgai lb"? mntct Fut” m ‘th Icomcplﬁﬁr’ swam: damning?"
 Toner said that the NCAA will lose ap- His relationship with the NCAA goes back becausebefore becoming Albany’s Athletic medallion was presented by Elmer T'mc Egmv‘f en” )lnhEWum'Eﬂ. .acu ' Roe W [or o “’6 an I  umilm ms
,1. pmmmhtety 56 mutton of tctevtston Mathews ty positions are rcqucsted,aswcllas scven- and Fine. Arts departments, two in the
‘3 revenues it enjoyed |ast year. In previous The next indu‘ctce was Edhh Comm, 1 teen positions for support staff. Economics, Business, Psychology.
Vt years, the NCAA had set aside money for _ who was a member of “ham/.3 phystcat t The budget reqtiest has been made part Sociology, Communications. Performing
t the Division 1]] playoffs. The television “ ' . . , t _ . education faculty from “his until her j of the Clll'll'C 1983-86 SUNY. budget pro- Arts and Education departments; one in
., money lost will cause the amount of DIVISION  Itself W111 have to ﬁnd the ways death in two. Cohane was the chair 0t- 1 [ls/105m. (which has been sent Glovtcrnor hoth‘ the( Geography and History
9‘ mane that the Division 1 1 ' . . . , , , . _ ario uomo or rcViSion an inc usron in tepar men s.
t to be it", I SChOOIS receive and means to ﬁnd ChampIOHShIpS from Ftthargnszeaagsvzstiaznnfegaﬁ8;:aieii‘g; his state budget. The legislature will review “1 don't know how well likely it is we
t‘ “That means.”said Toner, “that Divi- D' ' '  :1 ins Athanyts' physical education program the Cuorno budget, and must vote on it will be gettingany ofthese positions," said
3 sion "t itself Witt have“) ﬁnd the ways amt IVISIOU. resources. She was the coach at. “bent/,5 gymnastic; this spring before the budget can take Ramalcy, adding that the SUNY system is
t 1' means to fund the championships from _ * d was the drtvtn tome tn cut" effect. “but one of many competitors for state
D. . ,, —John Toner, an effect of lost T. V. revenue mm a“ E 8 B “E .h . . t,tt tw t t t as n
3 "15‘0" "I ’emurces- women's athletics where it is today. Her a" ya“ we  1" C U poo” c o u" ‘ t
i The Division m playoff format, “COP medallion. whtch was presented by serve our students, cotnmcntcd Ramntley .in the SUNY budget request. Rama ey
dtng to Toneh will expand from its current Associate Athletic Director Patricia on the declining number of faculty. adding said, We (SHUNYA) are not 135mg an:
eight-team format to double that size in to 1977. in those seven years the NCAA Director, Moore held the same post at Rogers, her successor was accepted by her that 'f we nmmmm the Smmng level we more money’ The bugs!” mu“ 9 revise
a-i ~ . . . . . ' had or the number of students declined and passed by the legislature by April 1.
it the near future. has gone through some major controver- Central Connecticut, a neighboring school niece, Cindy Cobane. -td h 1985 R t 0th that no toss in state t
it f‘it is inevitable,”sald Toner, “that sies that have significantly changed the of the University of Connecticut. Next came the induction of Merlin somcwmt' .we" cou ave a more t d' “amgniytre wt” have a God budget _ _ r . . u.» . ,_
if- WC’” 80 10 16 198mm" looks of COHEEE SPONS- " After Moore spoke, the inductions of Hathaway. He was the Athletic Director favT°tfab1°t§aufto tacutt who has tnmay  563:": g ' I tucxev uric
.1 Toner also said that he was not in favor . Aside from the loss of the television the first five members of Albany's Hall of and basketball coach for many years and 1 ed ":1: ltlsesnm t in t97g_.;4 to t9 2 to t in Acycon'ttng to the SUNYA budget w RECORD BREAKER __ Albany State tum-tack Dave soldtnt broke the at.”
-, of a move for Albany State from its. pre- rights for football games, the NCAA has Fame began. All of the inductees received was one of the founders of the State 198485 with the undergraduate Student to quest for the fa" of was Albany was the Danes: stuntetsehso" rushthg record I“. 3'“th tn the Dan“. 43.0 romp
t sent DiVIsion ill status to thc DlViSIOII 1 also adopted Title iXt which has given medallions at the induction ceremonies. University of New York Athletic Con- raw" r’mto now at over 25“” according only one ofthe states university centers“, over Mu.“ Gotham ‘ A.
. ranits. h . i . I much. more recognttton to women's The firsttinductee was Gerald Amyot, ference (SUNYAC). Hathaway also in- to they Prestdcnm Message tn‘SUNYA,s meet its enmttmcm Bouts at both the Sottdtntis 162 yards tncmhud hts "no" tout to 1'0". btahtttng th. etc t
i am very muc interested in this type athletics and split DiVision 1 into two dif- who won eight letters in basketball and itiated Albany's membership in the ECAC Final Budget Request. graduate and undergraduate levels. math at 1.009 "t by Tom O'Btots tn 1975' 5“ story on buck hue. .

