 

 

 

 

  
 

 

DearReader,

 We would like you to work with us 0 ‘
' . n this

editorial. it’s a chance for you to tell us — and a

couple of friends — what’s on your mind.

Here's what you have to do:
‘1 - Read the rest of this editorial.
2 - Add on one or more personal comments about
something that affects this campus, from
academics to politics to student issues to social
life. Whatevcr’s important to you as a student.
3 - Make three' copies of your new editorial. Put
them in three envelopes —- or just fold them up.
Give each one out to someone, friend or foe, who
In turn will do what you have done (and so on,
and so on) making this a sort of chain editorial, a
mass statement of opinion from the readers of
the Albany Student Press. -
4 - On Wednesday, October 31 — Halloween Day
— all the editorials should be brought to the ASP.
There willi be a box outside the ASP offices, in
Campus Center 332. f

_  is the case with these ventures, if the’
editorial chain is maintained, it will bring us good
fortune. No kidding.

COLUMN

A strong chain will be a sign of student solidari-

ty, that each of us are aware of. and do care,

about, at least one issue that affects our lives.

On the other hand, if the chain is broken, we
are inviting bad fortune upon ourselves. Sound
silly?

if we break the chain, it proves that we aren’t

. concerned enough to beinformed and vocal on
the issues that affect our lives. it tells those in
power that we will abide by their rules and
judgments, that we won't question authority, that
there really is no chain of student awareness, unity
and opinion, .

in the recent past, when this chain of student
solidarity was not strong enough, these are some
of the ways in which the strength of others took
advantage of our weakness:

.massive tuition and dorm hikes, budget cuts,
and losses in financial aid. ,

>students not being allowed to vote, not being
considered full' citizens. in the towns they go to
school in. . ' ‘
>institution of an academic punishment'named
the “W.”

> a bus fee that says bus service to and from this
isolated campus is a luxury, even though the
university accepts thousands more than it can
house. ‘

pcutting down service in the Rathskeller every
year instead of trying to improve it.

> an ever-increasing mandatory student activities
fee that goes to an SA alienated from many of the
people it should be serving and bringing together,

This is just our little list. You're welcome to
expound on some of our ideas, or jot down one of
your own. Complaints, compliments, questions,
whatever your editorial comments are. just write
them down and pass them on. Keep the chain go-
ing strong. Prove that we’re not as ignorant an
apathetic as the cliche artists would like to think.

Sincerely—

 

Whom are mi’nOrities challenging?

i was pleased to read Chancellor Wharton’s article
“The Minority Student Challenge" printed in the
September 1984 issue of Black issues in Higher
Education.

mphet Zwana 1

After lamenting the fact that “Blacks, Hispanics arid
Native Americans make up 19 percent of the U.S. popula-
tion but receive only 8 percent of doctoral degrees annual-
ly; moreover. according to a 1983 survey supported by the
Rockefeller Foundation, the disciplittcs iii wltich the four
minorities (Blacks, Hispanics, Asians and Native
Americans) are most severely underrepresented arc
engineering, biological sciences and physical science and
mathematics,“ Dr. Wharton proceeds to propose some
remedies that should be adopted by educators and policy
crafters. He suggests:

l. curricular programs at undergraduate level that will
draw minorit) students into professional schools atid to
doctoral studies in the sciences, mathematics and
technology.

2. establishment of mechanisms to rectify sortie tradi-

 

tional high school deficiencies in the academic prepara-
tion of the students in question.

.3. ceasing and desisting from constantly counseling
minority students into traditionally vocational and trade
areas (as if Booker T. Washington had returned to
Tuskecgee).

Over the years, the question has not been what
remedies should be applied but rather who siiould carry
them out. Clearly the educators the policymakers that
Chancellor Wharton is referring to have not
demonstrated any willingness to change the status quo in
the majority of predominantly white schools. Professors,
administrators and counselors, mostly witite, have active-
ly contributed towards turning minority students away
tr'om graduate studies, professional programs and the
sciences and technology. Thus, it scents, to ensure the
promulgation of the stiggestions made above. the com.
picsion of those iii charge, must of necessity, change.

The bizarre statistics are there for anyone to see. The
most telling obstacles to equitable participation of
Alrtcan~Aittcricans in post-secondary education are:

—' Disparin in Financial Aid -— As competition for
public arid private fellowships, trainccsliips, scholarships

and grants grows more fierce, African-Americans and
other minorities find less success than others in securing
rather diminishing aid dollars.

— Barriers to Access — Minority opportunities for
graduate and professional study are affected by, among
otiters, higher dropout rate in elementary and secondary
schools, negative counseling and tracking of minority
high school students, racist stereotyping of students by
faculty and administrators, high attrition rate at the
undergraduate level, ,biased/exclusivist admission
practices.

.— Professional Underrepresentation — The number of
minority students who enrolled in predominantly \\'illlt‘
campuses increased in tltc 1960's. What failed to keep
pacelwilh this surge was the number of minority l'ticnltt.
administrators and staff. This component is necessary tor
the identification ego of the students who need '1'tiiL‘
models as well as white students. it is this component illill
is capable of administering the remedies that are iiicltidcd
ii the agendas of sticli leading African~Aiiicrtcait
educators as Chancellors .loliu Slaughter of the Ulli\‘cl\i
 of Maryland and Clifton Wharton ot’the State Utiitcr
sity of New York.

 

/////%.,,,.
ﬂaws!

///////////A
////////////////4
/////é

 

//////
/////////////4
, WI

FooD.l

 

 

 

 

 

  

YbUJboK OUR
CLOTHlNG aND OUR

We CBN’T
aFFoRD iT.
/

YooTooK OUR.
bHeLTeR!
/

    
   

  
  

 
   

/T0 BW GUNS!
GOOD ' ‘
MaN! Hgv‘theF ,
eLae aRe _//K.
You GoiNG ‘
To PRoTea'

WHaT You
H ave in?”

  

.’,‘t- baa-cammxuaapt-nhae :.

 

i.
s

 T. .)

 

.-tst..._.r..e:

LETTERS

Academic freedom

To theEdltor:

On October 10, I984, The University News published
an article entitled “Drop/add Rule Altered". it is my
feeling that this article contained a number of points
which should be brought to the attention of the SUNYA
community.

in the article. Dr. Hamilton cited the infamous “W” as
a method of preventing students from signing up for a
course with no intention of completing it. Granted, this is
something which the “W” shall accomplish, but in the
wrong way and for all the wrong reasons.

Dean Hamilton obviously feels that no student should
be able to attend classes they do not intend to complete.
There is a word to describe what you say would give a stu-
dent “an advantage over everyone else in the class.” it is
an audit.

According to p.115 of Undergraduate Academic Policy
Manual an informal auditor is defined as a visitor to a
course without tuition, fees, examinations. grading or
credit. Most importantly, it goes on to add that no record
is maintained. Technically. the most a student would need
is the permission of the instructor.

if the University wants to eliminate any possible “un-
fair advantage”, we should work on audit policy, not just
“W” grading. Secondly, the article speaks of students
“shopping around" for “easy” classes, and withdrawing
if it doesn't meet their expectations. in this case only the
terminology is accurate. Students are paying over
$1500.00 for tuition alone. You can bet they are going to
shop for classes carefully. When you buy a product from
a door-to-door salesperson you are entitled to 14 days to
return it. “W” policy gives students only 10 days to
return an errantly chosen class. Are we putting vacuum
cleaners over education?

The article also stresses the point of shopping for an
“easy” class. Granted, this may be the case with some
students, but the majority are shopping for more than
grades. They want subject matter they find interesting, an
acceptable degree of difficulty (neither too hard nor too
easy), and all the other things that differentiate one class
from another.

Since we have instilled General Education requirements
upon this campus we are in effect forcing students to ex-
plore fields that normally would get glossed over. Unless

 

(aspects

Eslabllshud In 1916
David LL. Lasltln. Editor in Cirirrl
Jerry Crimplone. Managing Edi/or

News Editor .................. .. ... . , . HuidiGialla
Associate News Editors . Jano Anderson. .laintis O'Sullivan
AsPecll Editor ...................... ., JUiIn Keenan

Jttii Fir-mt). erzlttillu Krttll
out Kacrindos
 , ltlttSpelllttn

Marc Batman, Kaitli Mardor
. . Dunn Chang

Associate ASPocls Editors
Doolis Editor...... . . ..

. .,...  . [Edward noittos
Contributing Editors De. , oti'Gnrdtnlor. Mark Ger-not, Patricia Mit-
chell. Wayne Pouroboont Lisa Strain. Editorial Assistants: Alicia Ciirihora,
Rich Swanson, Stall wrllnrl: Tom Bergen, Chris Blornritttst, Michelin Elusitor,
Jc'iltl‘w Canavrin, Marin Carllno. Losito Chtiit, Johanna Clancy. Kuvtrt Clarke,
an Clnrnonis, Eotle Dzaiiitin, Cillhltlull Errig, Ronald Brant Goistun. Judy
lesciiwlnd, Bob Hanton, Eric Hlndln, Norma Koo, Alice McDaiinott, Lisa
Mirabella. John Parker, Christine Rotten. Joe Romano, Kristina Sailor.
Michael Skolnlck. Perry Titicillet, Mike Tuikruly, lions Weinstoin. John
Wilrnntt Spectrum and Events Editor: Rina Vounn Artist: Stove Brysott

 

Judy Torel, Business Manager
Lynn SITIVII, Associate Business Manager
Jana Hirsch, Advertising Manager
Mllia Krelrnor, Sales Manager

Billing Randoa Boiiar
Payroll Supervisor ......................................................................... .. .Gtiy Peruss
Clllllllod Marina-r Filimn Shannan
" , Hun-nor M'irk Catalano
Adv-ruling all“: Denlso Boynliun, Marc Hobarntan, Sun Klein, Stove Lutt.
iudy Nuasboum. Scott Rein, David Willmoll. Advertising Production: Elaine
Frieder. Teresa Glacalono, Marc Hoharman, Maura Kollott, Eileen Kolbssuk.
Sharon okun, Amy Paparny. Lynn Salgel. Gila Vahyai. Olileo Stall: Christine
Blnnht. Linda oatqatio. Fran Loaaiso. Mnitoitn Rosartihal

Sunn Kent, Productlon Manager
Jonnlilr Haydon. Associate Froductlon Manager

Chial Typolottor ...................... .3. ..................................... .,Lancay Hoymtin
l’yplsta: Debora Adolman, Erlaa D'Adano. Joann no Dlanurro. Sarah Evoland.
Sara Fu. Lina Giambrone. Pain Stratibor, Puts-up: Adam S, Engle, Patricia
Gionnola, Fancy Kellnor. Slsphun Rudolph. Chlulloursi Warren Hurwilz,
Richard Sheridan

 

Pholoar-pny principally supplied by university Photo Service, I student
orou ‘

Chlol Phologrlphorz Erica Splanol UPS Still: Amy Cotton. Lynn Dreiius. Cindy
ailiWIYv Adam Ginsberg. Kenny Kirsch. i‘iobert Lucittiy. Jeri Senwonnor, Lisa
Simmons. Robert Saucy, Warren Stout. David Strlck .

Entire OOMIMI copyright um Alhlny Stud-n1 Frau Corporation, Iii "an
reserved.

“to Albany Student Press is published Tuesdays and Fridays liutwnon
Aullusl and June by the Albany Student Prose Corporation. an independent
not-loreprolll corporation.

Etiilorlnlu are written by the Editor in Chief with members of the Editorial
Board: pulley iii subject to review by "H! Edlturiril Board. Advurtislnu pulley
loos not necessarily reliant editorial policy.

Malling address:
Albany Studunl Press CC .120
tAOO Washington Ave.

‘ Albany, NY 12222
(ﬁll!) dbl-EBUZIJJZZISJUB

 

 

we are going to be so vain as to say that our course

descriptions and advisers are perfect, we must allow what ~

Dean Hamilton so eloquently called “shoppingf'.

if we implement a “no return" policy upon registration
(as the “W” would). we will wind up with people in
classes they have no desire to attend. This is exactly the
opposite of what any college should be fostering. it is
definitely not the policy that one of the premiere State
Universities in this country should be operating under.

1 quote Programs and Priorities. a publication of the
President’s ofﬁce, “First, SUNY has a responsibility to
maintain and foster selective excellence in all areas of cur-
rent strength." Will we be fostering excellence by locking
people into classes which they desire to drop? This is the
effect a “W” will have.

There is no denying that a serious over~registration pro-
blem does exist on this campus. lfeach student is averag-
ing three courses per semester, obviously this problem
must be addressed. We must, however, remember to not
cut off our noses to spite our faces. This is what the “W”
grade is doing.

There should be two goals of any change in registration
policy. First, we must effectively limit the number of
classes a person can register for and not complete. This
will prevent people from being closed out of classes by
people who do not attend them. But, secondly, we must
preserve academic freedom. We must guarantee the right
of any student to explore new fields free from penalty.

Bearing in mind both those criteria, not just the first. a
total registration revision needs to be undertaken. In the
meantime we must not create an unbearable system and
mis-name it a stop-gag measure.

—-Andrew ngler
Senator. Alumni Quad.

Free Cyprus

To the Editor:

October lst 1960. On this date 24 years ago, the small
island of Cyprus became an independent .country.
Everybody was pleased on the island, both Greek and
Turkish Cypriots. No more British rule, the right of the
people to determine their fate had been established.

Only three years passed and the trouble started. inter-
communal rivalry and hatred arose between the two na-
tional communities of Cyprus, Greeks and Turks.
Murders. air raids by the Turkish Air Force and partial
movement of the population. the first signs of separation.
The political machine of destruction would commence its
work. Ten years later in 1974 the ﬁnal blow would come.
The Greek Junta would stage a coup against the
Democratic government of Cyprus and a week later
Turkey would invade the island, occupying 40 percent of
its territory, 200,000 Greek Cypriots would become
refugees in their own land, 1619 missing and thousands
killed. The situation is still the same.

Living in sorrow, the people of Cyprus are ﬁghting for
existence, for them and their children. trying to persuade
an otherwise unyielding enemy, for a just and fair
solution.

We, the Greek Cypriot students of this University, at
this time, turn our thoughts to the occupied part of ottr
country, the villages, the towns, the houses, remnants of
childhood memories, in remembrance of the tragedy,
and hope that Cyprus will be free and uniﬁed once more.

—Artemls L. Artemlou
President Greek and Cypriot Student Association

Not always Pre-Med

To the Editor:

I was absolutely appalled at the remark regarding
biology majors made by Marc Rosedwald, co-chair of the
Delta Sigma Pi Fraternity Career Day planning commit-
tee. He said companies and organizations that are poten-
tial employers of biology majors would not be present at
Career Day because “all bio majors are pre-med
anyway." '

1 think that Mr. Rosenwald may be making the false
assupmtion that every other major in this University is as
concerned with making money as are business majors.
Everyone knows medical doctors can make hundreds of
thousands of dollars a year, although I'd like to think
that is not their prime motivation for the job.

No, Mr. Rosenwald, all biology majors are not pre-
med; in fact, not most, not half, not even one-third of
them are. There are approximately 200-250 biology ma-
jors graduated from SUNYA every year. Fewer than 60
of the students who will graduate this May have applied
to medical school (and 1 apply that term loosely-~it in-
cludes podiatry, medicine, dentistry and osteopathy)
this past year. it should also be noted that you need not
be a biology major to apply to medical school. But let us
just assume that 225 people will graduate with a major in
biology this year. And let us assume that 55 of them are
pre-med. That gives us less than one-quarter of all
biology majors-ea far cry from “all” biology majOrs,
even if it was a figure of speech.

That leaves us with 170 students. Obviously, not all of
these students will go on to get jobs in their field. Some
have just used college as a four year crutch; other will be

 

getting MJSJI, and,Ph.D.'s. But certainly a fairnun'iber
of these 170 students will be" looking for jobs in thler
field. Thanks to the closed-mlndedness of Mr. Rosen-
wald, and others like him who immediately assume
“MD.” when one says “bio major,” many students will
be denied access to information that will affect them for

the rest of their lives. . _
—Loull M. Miranda

Persecuted group

To the Editor: ,

False accusations. name calling, emotional tirades: if
interested simply get invloved in the ROTC issue here at
the University. ' ‘

it all began a few weeks ago when Central Council
voted to deny ROTC tabling rights in the Campus Center
and the ASP ripped apart ROTC with a nastily worded
editorial. However, in the ensuing time period, the entire
issue has fallen prey to very low level in communication.

Su;y Auletta, S.A. Vice President would seem to be on
a crusade to ais in gay and lesbian rights. While she may
have this in mind. she has also shown that she is willing
to go to any length to rid this campus of ROTC, forget-
ting the Constitution of the United States and well man-
nered argument in the process. At the Central Council
meeting of October 3rd, in which ROTC appealed the
banning resolution, 1 was impressed by the Quality and
well mannered arguments put forth by those who were in
favor of denying ROTC tabling rights. Unfortunately,
when it came time for Miss Auletta to speak, the tone
quickly became insultivc, and the argument irrational and
emotional. When informed that gay and lesbian students
could take ROTC classed, she shouted. “If you were
black, would you go to a Klu Klux Klan meeting just
because they stopped burning the crossl”

1 resented being referred to in a such a manner. as did
my fellow ROTC students. We are not taught to hate gay
and lesbians, nor do we appreciate the inference in an
open forum that we are taught to be bigots by our
instructors.

Moreover, she also stated that “ROTC doesn't need
the Campus Center, they can use the bulletin boards or
mailers for solicitations." i suppose that in 1965 blacks
really didn‘t need the front of the bus, since there was
plenty of room in the back.

The story continues. Two weeks ago a bill to eliminate
ROTC from campus was sent to a University Senate Sub-
comittce frotn S.A. Funny thing was it never passed
tlirottgli either of the S.A. Senate liasons and nobody
seems to know wlty.

Then there is the ASP . Not satisfied with the editorial
of September 25, the editor printed another on October
19, stating ROTC contained many “evils”. Abuses, evils.
ignorant blind nationalists; the list of degrading words
about ROTC continues to spew forth front the pert oftltc
editor. To the editor 1 issue a challenge. Either put your
cards oti tltc table and tell the University community what
the abuses and evils of ROTC arc iii specific detail, or
stop whining about these mythical “evils”.

To close, ROTC students are like any others. We are
human beings trying to last another day at the University.
We will not sit quietly while student officials sacrifice ottr
constitional rights (as evidenced by last weeks Supreme
Court hearing) in the name of “student activism“ and we
are tired of being derided and insulted. Finally, ROTC
does not need support front students who etigage in call-
iitg the gay arid lesbian alliance “useless” or any other
name. Atty group who feel their constitional rights have
been violated should fight back, and be able to do so iii an
crivironmetit free of bigotry and namecalling.

~—Tlmoihy L. Taylor
Cade/ Battalion Executive Ofﬁcer(Student)
SUNYA Army'ROTC

Lack of interest

To the Editor:

As Biology students we are distressed at the apparent

lack of interest on the part of the faculty and staff as
evidenced by the total lack of participation by the Biology
Department in CU Day October 13. it is quite dishearten-
ing that many of the professors in the Biology Depart-
ment are so wrapped up in their own particular endeavors
that they are unwilling to work toward presenting to the
community a demonstration of the academic
achievements occurlng within their department.
_ it has come to our attention that the facnity and fun-
ding of the Biology Department has shown a steady ero-
sion over the years. Perhaps this trend could be reversed
it‘ the Biology Department staff were more enthusiastic
about the University as a wltole.

it is quite disappointing and embarrassing to several of
us whose parents visited during Parents' Weekend in that
we were not able to show them a demonstration of our
achievements or studies in Biology. when demonstrations
in other areas of concentration were taking place in other
departments. ‘ -

—lleverly Boyd
—-[.lsa Okun

Ir

 

«-

 

