 

,twoeyes, mouth,..nose, , .

the mirror.- l’veigot; to

_ 1. nd brush my, teetthather
' .in my, mouth. drippingdoWn myichin. .

I avgicling'a sore. andjbrushing side to
s,i_de,'l stop.~.A. gristly, faced, bum looms
over ‘my‘ shoulder, my eyesnfolloyv'. h

v ~~“Sorry. I’velgotxno money." ‘

He turns from me and scoffs across-the
' restroom . floor,"  flapping stalls long,
spits in a urinal and walks out the door.
Penn Station. . ’ - . » .
l rinse my mouth. Red white water
means i brushed too hard. -
"The 6: ll for Chicago stopping at
Poughkepsie. Hudson, Albany..."
1 throw my toothbrush in my bag,
"Syracuse, Rochester, Buffalo..."

Grab at the empty towel dispenser,
reach for the toilet paper from stall
number three with ample floating debris,

"Erie. Cleveland. Toledo, South Bend,
and..." 'V

and storm out the door
"Chicago is now- boarding on track
for track 13.
l stumble up the boarding steps, nudge

a man with my swinging shoulder bag.

‘ and fall into the remaining window seat,
as the train bolts and begins.

l lift my bag to the overhead rack,
shift my seat. and bend foward to take'
off my shoes. Tugging at a knot and fee|~
ing the blood rush to my head, i notice a
pair of feet pointing directly at my eyes.
"Lucky me" l whisper under my breath. l
managed to sit in the seat right in the
middle of the car, where the seats facing
in one direction meet those facing in the
opposite. ill have to spend my whole
trip home staring at someone sleeping or
staring at me. .

l tear my second shoe lace loose and
sink back into an early morning exhaus-
tion. Propped by my fist] press my nose
to the window at my left and close my

eys to the ﬂashing tunnel lights under
Mid-Manhattan. The whole weekend sad-
ly unfolds again in my mind. I wipe a
tear that streaks through the dirt of the
window. - .
Sunlight pierces the dusky window and
. brightens my tired face. The train
emerges overground and up to the
elevated, three stories high. The wheels
beat fast. Bronx blocks go past, one and
three. 1 watch the streets flash by like
movie frames. .
l try to watch life in a second, but then
. there's more, another street, bombed out
buildings. another street, a trash and
cinder lot, another street. I notice that
one building has its boarded up windows
painted over in sky blue, framed in
black. They looked likewreal windows.
[The real ones bore gaping charcoal holes
,and shattered glass. 1 think i saw a tricy-
cle falling off a curb and tumbling over
butll saw no child: the train continues.
l lift my face from. the window pane
. and settle back into my seat. "My
father,” l whisper, l visited him yester-
day. When 1 walkéd in the hospital room
l nearly passed him, barely recognized
him. He looked thirty. years older than
when I had seen him last. He was pale
and ill-shaven, his chin was doubled over
with loose skin, his eyes sagged down
and his nose puffed round. He seemed
to have shrunk. He stood wilted and ro~

fund to my shoulders and patted me on '

the cheek like my grandfather used to
do. And I hugged him tightly as he stood

in his slippers, sweater, and big short

pants, and he hugged me back. ‘1 love
you, Dad,’ l whispered into his ear, and i
whispered it softly again on the train.

A streak pounds past my window, a

southbound train, and is gone.

i look up to the woman sitting op-
posite me. i watch as she turns to me and
i turn away, in turn. We alternate glances

but i get the feeling that she's been wat-
» .ching me all along, and i feel slightly em-
harassed at my- performances; l stare in-

to the side, rusty, and overgrown, temp-

ting to sink into the boggy reeds and
forest. A shack, railroad ties, powerlines,
the river. It's all the same. I look up. I
"Hi," she motions with two wavy
fingers.
"Hi," I started back, simply enough.
"Cup of coffee? l'm going to the food
car."

"No, no thanks."

She returns five train whistles later

with two danishes and a coffee.

"No, it's tea, for me, and a danish for

you, which you musn't refuse."

I can't refuse

'She licks her sugary fingers gently one
by one.

"So what's wrong?"

i don't reply. l open my mouth a few
times. sigh once, and look out at a cow
who seems to ask the same question to
me from the grass he‘s lunching on just
beyond a small wood and wire fence
along the.tracks. He has a fat tongue,

and between his drawn out jaw swinging _
chews-his eyes meet me lethargically and
steadily. though it’s only for another mo
ment before we are beyond his whipping
tail’slreach'. i turn back to the dark cows

eyes. as this woman watches me so
expectantly.

"it's too long a story." ~

New York State. see?" she waves to the

‘ expanse. "We're still hours from

Chicago." '
“You win," 1 frown and then laugh.
She is too irresistable.

"it’s about my father," l begin. and she
nods once. "It hurt me to see him yester-
day. to see him in a mental hospital, my
father. He sat there is the T.V. room like
a man i neverknew. so white and sad.
He's suffered all summer. He tried to kill
himself." '

"What happened to him?" She touches
her hand to my finger, and l pause and
look up from my lap to her wide eyes
glistening with the afternoon sunshine.

and l swallow some air.

“It's been a long time coming, i guess.
My father's always been a loner. i
thought he preferred it that way,

brooding on his own, alone. He had it

kind of tough from the start. When he

 

stead at the meandering tracks abandoned

was ten he escaped from the Nazis in,

a ' "'Oh‘t We're deep deep in the heart of -

 

 

Germany. He made it to Switzerland and
then to England where he became a
refugee on a' ship to Cuba in an immigra-
tion camp till he could finally enter the
US. He met my mother in the slums of
lower Manhattan. They got married and
had me and my brother. But ten years
' later my mother couldn't take it
anymore, so she took us and left him
alone in that apartment. My mother
wasn't like him. While raising us she
went to school and got a job. We made
it on our own: First we lived in' a one

bedroom roach infested apartment, then '

my mother bought a house, then a car,
and then she started us both in school.

v Myvfather stayed the same, though. He
worked in the city and came home to his
rooms. fell asleep in front of the T.V.,
and went to work the. next day. We used
to visit him every Friday, but‘the‘n I went
away and my brother did too. He never
really had company after that.- He had a
heart condition: he started to complain fo
stress form his job. He took sick leave for
a month. They didn't fire him, he quit.
He couldn't leave his house without
r breaking ’out in a cold sweat and his

‘ - ? heart was failing him. He loaded up on

heart pills and became a hermit.

Another train'whirls past. It startles
me, but she catches my hand.

"i called him up on his birthday. He
told me everything, frantically. He was
desparate. He heard noises from the peo-
ple downstairs. They followed his
footsteps and banged on the floor. They
banged at it :00 at ‘night to tell him to go
to bed. Then they banged when he was
asleep to wake him up. They flushed the
toilet when he passed the bathroom:
They rang the phone then stopped. He
heard them laugh from below. He
lumbered around this hollow apartment
imagining sounds, he never slept. When
he collected the sail in the lobby each
day he saw people turn away, make
faces. He saw the shadows of their feet
behind each other along the long echoing
hallway. He shut himself in his room.
begged for peace. All this he told me.
And we were both in tears when he
wished he was a better father. Then he
tried to kill himself." I

I

. .

 

 

She moves to the seat next to mine.
We watched Cleveland rise from the dus-
ty Ohio fields. isolated shacks populate
into neighborhoods and the locomotive
whistle bellows. A kid throws a‘r0ck at
the train. lt hits our window and we
cower into each other's arms. We open
.our eyes and the train is still there, she is
.still there. The window’still hangs. The
train clatters into the heart of throbbing
industrial Cleveland. lt stops with a
steamy hiss and a few passengers ex-

change seats.
"Let me tell you the dream i had last
night."

The sun is setting directly in front of
the train, as we tear between Cleveland
and Toledo. We stretch our necks
together between bites of dinner to catch
its last glimpse. She was looking forward
to the stars that would soon emerge. She
takes her last bite and pushes her tray on

to the seat opposite her’s.
"O.K. tell me." H
"Well, I forgot most of my dream. but
there's one part i 'remerriber, the ending.
We were in a taxi, me, my mother, and
my brother. We were all in the front
seat. My brother and I sat between the
driver and my mother. The cabby asked.
'Where to,,Miss't' and my mother said.
'the cemetery, please.’ We drive there.
passing my father's apartment building on
the way, stopping at one corner to buy a
rose from a vendor. The rose was black.
The cab stops at the gate. ‘
'This is as far as I go, Miss. Seiwn-fifty.’
My mother pulls herself out of the cab
and we hop out. too.
‘Hey, Miss, don't forget-'
No, I haven't. Boys, grab that coffin
out of the back seat, please, andllet’s go."
i shudder as the train shakes beneath
me, the tracks rumble, the wooden ties
creak. the pressed earth rnumbles, quiet-
ly, like a dead man being buried far
away.

We stare out at the black hills with the
white streetlight speckles and the stars
above in deep dark blue. i watch her face
in the window's reflection, and then l see
mine. one eye. two eyes, mouth, nose
chin. just like my father's used to be. i
smile and whisper, "See you soon, Dad."

 

Full Of

owerful stuff, folks.
P The talented Constance Valis~
Hill has pooled all of her artistic
resources, her abundant knowledge of
dance, choreography and mime, to direct a
production that brings the vivid imagery of
Aeschylus’ Eumenides to life.

Mark Latino

Who needs a stage cluttered with
scenery? Oh, Robert J. Donnely. scenic
designer, placed a few nifty marble con~
struction‘s here and there: a center stage
marble temple (where Apollo's statue
stood).a pedestal behind it, and
steps,“Athena's porch,” in the far right cor-
ner of the stage... quite a bit of empty stage
space. The real scenery (the images that
"fill in" these empty spaces) that Aeschylus'
dialogue was meant to evoke was to be
created within the minds of his stimulated
audience, in order to make this task possi'
ble, several combined elements effectively
served to arouse the audience's
imagination.

Enter the chorus...wowl Their contorted
movements underlined their every emo-
tional word and created imageries so
hideous and captivating that one would
gaze at them with a sense of wonderment.
The spirits, personifications of vengeful
anger, fear, pain, and grief, became real
and, in effect, pathetic, piteous, and
frightening. How could the audience
watch these tortured daughters of the night
drag themselves across the Acropolis'
ground (as Valis-Hill characterized, "angry
snakes") and remember that these were, in
reality, athletic, well-trained actresses? At
this point in the play one might hve easin
forgotten the fact that the Eumenr'des was
supposed to end joyously. "Oh, well," the
involved theater-goer might have thought.
” so much for peace and happiness.".So the
production's brilliant ending, in which the
Furies shed their masks and become fertili-
ty goddessesThe Eumenides, produced an
overwhelming, uniquely uplifting cathartic
effect upon its audience. The theatre
echoed with harmonious song as anarchy
and disorder ended and a new rational
order emerged.

The most fascinating highlight of the
evening was the opening "0 Mother
Night” dance. As the embittered chorus
formed a tight circle and subsequently
broke into a snake (indeed, the masterful

 

 

A View" From ‘ The ‘Aisle‘. ”

 

.«

 

 

Smmd And " Furies

 

 

 

 

 

director identified the “angry animal"
theme as a dominant motif in the produc-
tion), this tightly choreographed piece
evoked an image so intensely eerie and
bestial that it could leave a stark, lasting im~
pression in the mind of the playgoer. So,
kudos to the talented, hideous chorus:
Maureen A. Brophy, Kathleen Donahue.
Tina Krimrncr, Marcelle Langan, Leesa
Markbrietcr, Elizabeth M. Mazur, Maria
Memole, Angela O'Ncal (the chorus
member with the huge "bracelets" on her
right armwit must be noted, she has one
dynamite, beautifully expressive voice).
l‘vlicheala Reilly, Karen Sherman. RL‘betca
Weitman, and Ginger Williams.

 

enrca SPIEGEL ups—

Additionally, Andi Lyons' stage lighting
permeated the action and enhamcd the
production's prevailing mood. whether it
was gloom or the jubilant adulation that
marked the play's ending. Particularly in-
teresting was the scene where Orcstcs,
played with a remarkable passion by john

Fox. knelt before the audience during the
trial. Those who intently studied his fear-
tul visage probably noticed that his face
.was cast in shadow on one side while the
other was "painted" with bright light. This
effect brilliantly displayed the tormented
protagonist's own uncertainty about his
future: Death (eternal darkness) or Map-

The SOund Of Breaking Glass

close your eyes to picture the

breakers as they pound against the
sand in a monotonous drone. One of
nature's cacophnnies, you think. But as you
concentrate on the sound, you begin to
hear its intricate cycles. And after some
time of diligent listening, you begin to ap-
preciate the beauty of those evolutionary
sounds.

I rnagine yourself on a beach. You

Erian Jacobs 
and Michelle Krell

On Friday. October 10th at 8:00pm.
Philip ( ilass and the Philip Glass Enwmble
gave a brilliant performance at the fury
Savings liank Mush Hall. The mum hall.
widely r‘ccogni/erl as one of the best in the
world, was tilled with people at various
stages of the llli‘ cycle. Middleogcd, old.
and young .rlikr- all fell into the bends and
\ urves of Glass' modular-form style of
mmpolsilron.

'l‘hc tact that lllL’ii‘ is sand between your
toes does not even cross your mind. Lulled
by soprano Dora Ohrenstein's vocal
umuiations, you forgot about the wet sand
beneath your feet and breathe Each breath
evolves into anotlwr cycle of sounds. and
images of butterflies and carousr-ls hang
like a gossamer over your eyes. Eyelids are
heavy things...

There is no need to pick 'up a shell and

 

listen tor the water. it is lllt‘ll‘ and you
don't need to rc-affir'm its existence, Con-
sciousness awakens, dazed. it is intermis-
sion and someone, something, has brought
you from the shores, inland.

The trance of "Fine," “Actlll,” and “The
Grid” doesn't completely escape you, l’eo-
plc get up and move like atoms, here.
there, "it's time to get up,” "Yes. I know."

l’hilip Class' music is in a class by itselt;
yet one can‘t help but place him in the
.rvantoganle category. You can't sandwich
birn as a composer. He is not a cross. bet-
ween this one and that one. Bash ally, (ilass
has taken the electronic keyboard invasion
and removed the techophobia associated
wrth it. Out of an eight person cnsr-mblr'
he creates \t’tilj‘llltmt'b.

The lights go out Back. back. back to
the shores, You listen and it is like learning
how to walk; one step .It a time, and you
never forget it.

The rncnagcrie of songs continue liki-
[walls on a string. You forgot about oysters
and test the latter with your toot. Slowly

An excerpt from Civil Wars and a few
pieces from Glassworks ("Rubrik,"
"Facadrsf' and "Akhnaten”) are played,
You swim farther and farther away and
they splash your face with water again.
"Come back."

For an encore, Glass and his ensemble
performed a piece from “Einstein on the
Heath," an opera which turned widely in

 

 

Europe in 1976 and-recieved its American
premier at the Metropolitan Opera in
November of that year. Eyelids are very
heavy things... T
Eyes open. Open wide.
The concert was fascinating although it

‘ seemed as if the people‘who ran the music

 

 

piness (eternal light)? Blending well, too
with the stage action. was the Eunrenides
musical score. for which David lanower
was the consultant. -

One can’t stress enough, the brilliance of.
Donna Jossman's mask design, for they tru-
ly were graphic. greusome characteriza-
tions of the Furies' raw emotions. Further-
more, Linda Salsbury's costume design,
described by Valis-Hill as "velvets in reds
and purples over-dyed in black." effective-
ly depicted the primitiveness the Furies
represented (the archaic. chaotic order of
justice-they embodied) and the majesty of
Apollo and Athena. in particular.

Outside of the chorus. Leslie May and
John Fox proved to be the production's
strongest stage presences. May was stern
and forceful as Athena, the play's per-
sonification of evenhanded justice. Once
she entered, the production gained a cer-
tain aura of hope and fairness that the
Furies, heretofore, supressed.
john Fox was equally magnetic as Orestes.
the protagonist acquitted of matricide (Ac-
tually. the verdict rendered was one of
"justifiable homicide”). llis taut expressions
of fear and confusion aroused the au-
dience's empathy towards him and inten-
sified their disgust of the Furies, who put
this poor man into his anguished state. Un-
fortunately, Rory Healy's portrayal of
Apollo was tainted by over-acting. He ap-
peared to place too much emphasis upon
his character's stern, "l am justice" voice.
M. Susan l’eck's, the ghost of
Clytamestra's, clever hand manipulations
with her robe produced some more of
those "cool", eerie images which
augmented her effective, believable
representation of the embittered woman
who was vengefully murdered by her son.

There's still three more days (this coming
Friday. Saturday, and Sunday) to catch this
spectacular, intellectually enriching pro-
duction: Don't berfooled by its."Classical
Greek" label, Aeschylus' script is, contrary
to what some may expect, easy to unders-
land and well-paced. Constance Valis-Hill
enhanced her production greatly by re-
writing the play's opening scene, where
Electra prayed before the sanctuary of
l’ythian Apollo (the play's one, admittedly
slow scene), to recount all of the events
that preceded the Eumcnides’ action. Thus,
the audience was given a firm background
and umlerstanding of the events that were
about to appear before them, '

Chris Harris

hallzunderestimated the acoustics. Occa-
sionally the volume detracted from the
music, forcing a backstroke or two. All in
all however, the show was superb. Philip
Glass is an example of the true musician,
creative, dedicated, and intoxicating.

So here's to you, Mr. Glass...

 

