_.\._ _

  

gs

.~vo—~--a— - ._ . nu.-.“-

 

e‘;

a”

 

THE

presents

Mth ElB‘iJWl]
@‘U‘illll ii

{for M25
liilElFlllLlL llT

[PUTClHJIElRS Si] .75

‘  1' WASHINGTON
TAVERN

MATTS NIGHT

sews iiiiiiiioiinini 7:

6 .
a.

Bitty @ lFlllLLlEﬂD MATTS MW?)

{for @ QUARTER mug)

ﬁafs

 

 

 

 

 
 
    
    
  
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

\Q‘l W43 wank Fort §VWZI

SOCIAL CHANGE!

HELP BRING ABOUT PROGRESSIVE
REFORMS IN N. Y.S. BY DOING COM-
MUNITY OUTREACH AND FUNDRAIS-
ING; AND EARN UP TO $160-$200 PER
WEEK THIS SUMMER.

ISSUES INCLUDE UTILITY RA TE
REFORM, TOXIC CHEMICAL DUMPING,
TAX JUSTICE, MILITARY SPENDING,
NUCLEAR POWER, AND MANY
OTHERS.

New York City: (212) 349-1365
Albany: (518) 436-0876

Mass'apequa Park. LI. (516) 795-4775
Buffalo: (716) 833-1661

Brentwood. LI. (516) 435-1902
Syracuse: (315) 476-8381

New York Public Interest Research Group, Inc.. (NYPIRG)

 

 
 

 

 

Brentwood

 

This year Suffolk Comm

9-August 8

f , SUFFOLK COMMUNITY courses ‘

unity College offers you
a flexible summer schedule. Take advantage of
low-cost, college-level cou
time most convenient for you!

rses at the campus and

3-week session (Day) May 29-June 15
5-week sessions (Day) May 29-June 28 & July

8-week session (Day & Evening) June 11-August 2

. Send for our Summer
Course Offering Brochure:

Suffolk Community COllege,

Admissions Office,
533 College Road,
Selden, N.Y. 11784

in forma tion:

(5 16)348-4546

Selderﬁ

(5 76)45 1-4097
*Chlldcare available

Or. call one of Sutfolk's 3 campuses for more

Riverhead
(5 16)369-2600

 

 
  

Celebrates “Mayfest”

Opening Sat., May 5th

at 8:00am

 

* HURLEYS in

 

 

 

1 FREE drink

with SUNY Albany ID?

 

 

 

 

16oz. Bloodys a buck

 

 

 

'-ErTERS~-

Ba (1 service
To the Editor: .

we are writing to you about the advertisement in the ASP
for American Student Moving. We would like to alert the
rest of the student body about their service.

Last year. we had ASM pick up and store a rug and a chair
for the fee of $25. with insurance coverage of $75. We were
promised that our belongings would be delivered to us at our
new residence upon return in the fall semester. Furthermore.
we were to have next-day delivery of the items.

Unfortunately. norhing close to that promise occurred.
First of all. when we called at the beginning of last fall‘s
semester. we were told that the ofﬁce had moved and we had
to call Boston (during business hours. of course). When we
called there. no one was familiar with our "case." so wc‘had
to wait until they called us back. A few days later. we \ ere
told that our things ltad been delivered —-" to one of the
lounges in Dutch Tower (we live on the tenth floor of Col-
onial lower). it was implied that we were to get the rug and
chair to our room ourselves. We went to go check the condi-
tion ofour belongings and found titat only the chair was left
— the rug had disappeared.

We called Boston many times. and only reached an onset-
ing service. We left many messages. but never received a call
back. Finally. we contacted a lawyer. after they ignored our
request to call by a certain date. (We had stated that we
would contact our lawyer if they did not call — we assume

they didn‘t take as seriously.) Only after tnuch prodding.

from our lawyer did we finally receive a check for $50 (for
the rug). No furtlter offer was made to transport our chair to
us. and subsequently. it too had disappeared when we check-
ed on it at the beginning of this semester. Only a few weeks

cﬂspects

 

Eliablllhld In 1010
David L.L. Laskln. Edllor In Cit/BI
Jerry Camplone. Pattlcll Mitch-ll. Managing Editors

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..He|dt Grails
Jane Anderson. JIm O'Sulllvan

“New! Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Associate New: Editor-

    
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 

JSPIatn Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . John Keenan
AuaclateASPecto Editor .. Stephan Marks
Sound Editor. .. .. .. . . Jonas Naensin
Vlllon Editor. . .lan Spelling

. . . . . . ..Tom Kacanoas
Marc Herman. Keith Mardur
. ...,Dc-‘tn Chang
. Marc Scliwarz

Books Editor. ..
:Sports Editor: . . . . . . . . . . .
Associate Sports Editor ...
SPORTS Manallna Editor .
Editorial Page: Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . .. Edward Rulnos
Contributing Editors: Dean Bail. Stnvo Fox. Dob Ga or. Mark Gasnor. Debt
ble Judge. Mark Lavina. Gail Merroli. Wayne Penroboorn. Holly Fresh. An-
thony Silber. Lisa strain. Mr. Trendsetter. Editorial Assistants: Alicra Cunt
Dora. Ian Clements. Jon Fusco. Christine Refit-It Stall writers: Alieon Brown.

 

 

 

Skolniclt. Alan Snmkln. Rick Swanson. Perry Tischlcr. Keith Van Allen. lionu
Weinstein. Doug Weiss. Mark Wilgard. Jonn Wlilrnott. Spectrum Editors:
Ellen Fitzgerald. Rina Young. Artists: Slovu Bryaon. Kori Ford. R. A. Hayes

Judy Total. Business Manager
Lynn Saravll. Associate Business Manager
Jana Hirsch. Rhonda Woll.Advs/tisrng Managers
Mlltc Kralm-r. Sales Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Randeo Eons
. ... Gay Perosa
.Ellaan Shoahan
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Mark Catalano
anleia. Fllch Golden. Susan Klein. Stave Lelber‘
man. Mark Sussman. Advertising Production: Lao Erickson. Debra Freeman.
Elaine Friedor. Jeanna Gttborg. Julio Mark, Ellyn Mute. Sharon Oltun. Lynne
Slaual. Charoletta Shuba. Ellan Wlsaman, Ollie. Stall: Christine Blnghl, LinA
da Delgado. Marjorie Rosenthal

Billing Accountants .
Payroll Sup-rvllor .
Gin-Iliad Manager

   
 
  

   

Georg. Taito. Assoc/ale Production Manager

 

   

ChlIiTyponttlr . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .V . . . . . . Lancay Hoyrnan
Fill-Mp: Ellaan Kaolin, Susan Kent. Typ . rn Capozzola, Cheryl Kapian.
Nancy Killian. Phyllis Lalkawitz. Rena Lawonbroun. Chauffeurs: Eric Dori.
Steven Mankoil

:holoqraphy principally supplied by University Photo Service. a student
ioup.

ChlIl Photographer: Ed MarussichUPS Stall: Amy Cohen. Shorty Lee Cohan.

Lynn Dreitua. Cindy anlway. Adam Ginsberg. Kenny Kirsch. Rachel Litwin.

Hilbert Luckoy. Lois Maitabonl. Sualn Elaine Mindlch, Joe Schwendnar. Lisa

slaTmﬁM. Robert Souey, Erica Spalnal, Warren Stout. Dave Sirlck. James
on no.

 

Em”. "nun" “WHOM © 1004 Albany Student Prou Corporation. all
"bills reserved.
"'9 Albany Student Press is published Tuesdays and Fridays between
Auqu" and June by "'9 A'blnY Student Press Corporation. an independent
“HOV-profit corporation.
. E‘mmm‘ 3'“ W'illen by the Editor in Chief with members or the Editorial
0am; paucy '5 sunloot to review by the Editorial Board. Columns are written
y mum’s" °' "‘3 ""IVB’illY community and do not necessarily represent
3:31” Donn)“ AmB'HSIW DOHCY does not necessarily reﬂect editorial

Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC 329
I400 Washington Ava.
Albany. NY l2222
(5m) (57>8892/332213389

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.‘h'e'a -. : ru-_-.—u.w.uur:

t

ago did we ﬁnally receive a $25 check for the chair. again
' after many calls. .

We feel we were taken by'Amerlcan Student Moving. We
are totally unsatisfied lvith the service and reimbursement for
our time, money, frustration. and energy (nol'lto mention our
lack of furniture for our suite). We felt that they treated us
with little or no respect because we were students. They seem-
ed to think they could “get away"'with that kind ofservlee.

For your own sake. please do not use American Student
Moving. We feel it is the worst service we have ever received
in otir lives.

— Sara D. Eveland
—-' Sharon K. Brakeman

Pressure tactics

To the Editor: .

i am writing in response to the unfortunate incident which
transpired Monday. April 30 at around 8:00 pm. The
SUNYA Conservative Club held a forum on the Central
American situation. Two speakers. Alvaro Montavan from
Nicaragua and Jose Baldizon from Costa Rica travelled from
Boston to address the SUNYA community. To publicize the
event. several hundred posters were put up on the podium on
Friday. Within a very short time the bulk of the posters were
torn down. with the few remaining posters labelled with the
phrase “C.i.A. Agents.“

Due to a scheduling error. poor attendance resulted. i
decided to postpone the forttnt and reschedule it to a later
date. After leaving the room several people who did attend
followed the speakers and myself accusing the speakers of
being C.i.A. agents. murderers. and baby killers. The ac-
tions of this group of individuals was very threatening to our
sense of well-being. Such pressure tactics wcrc itiost unsettl-
ing. i would like to remind this group of individuals that this
is the U.S.A.. not Sandanista Nicaragua. r

— Chris G. Christopher. Jr.
Chairman, the Conserve/I've Club

Student rights

To the Editor:

tread ilic article entitled “Conﬂict with Us. Constitution
Possible in SUNYA Strident Rules" with much personal in-
terest. This article pertains to all students of SUNY and
should be read by all. There scents to be a serious lack ofstu-
dctit rights at this institution.

l have rcccntly been tried before a Judicial Board. i now
realize how truly unjust our judicial system at SUNYA is.
While i \\ii\ at ilic hearing a member of the board began to
question the R.A. who filed the complaint. The board
member asked the RA. what evidence he had to support his
accusations. The conversation was interrupted by myjudiciitl
advisor who explained that proof was not needed. suspicion
alone will suffice to prove you gttilty. He added that this is
not a court of law so proofis not necessary. This is oln iously
not a court of law. it's a kangaroo court.

()ur‘ judicial S_\le‘ll1 at SUNYA is lit desperate need of
reformation. Students are viii/cits and deserve the sonic
rights that tltix great country allocates to (ill its chi/cits.
l-‘cllow \ttitlcnts speak out for your rights before you are tiri-
juslly charged with breaking at student guideline. This "iri-
formal" court has the power to suspend yott without any
proof at all. i would also like to ask the newly clcctcd SA.
officers to fight for Illili'C student rights.

— Joseph ('utupanu

Unintentional

To the Editor:

On Friday. April 20. l984. a letter appeared in the ASP
commenting on the advertising used for a SUNY nigltt at the
Rcd Parrot. This cvctit had been sponsored by the Spring '84
Pledge Class of Delta Sigma Pi. Having now realized that the
advertisements \vcrc offensive to sortie, the Pledge Class
would like to extend an apology to anyone offended by the
advertising.

As suggested by the letter in Friday's ASP. the incident
was unintentional and was not meant to mock the solemn
day of Good Friday in anyway.

~ Spring '84 Pledge Class
Delta Sigma Pi

Devoted people

To the Editor:

This is a letter of appreciation for dedication. commit-
ment. and responsibility and is in addition for those who will
not be named but have been devoted to a cause so essential to
us and the (future) free world at large.

This past weekend there was held in Albany a conference
of holocausc Survivors and Friends in attemptes to bring to
juticc Nari was criminals in our midst. Among the rcknown
guests were (lcl’illilnvhorli Nazi hunter Beale Klarsfeld.
District Attorney Elizabeth Holtzman. and Nail war
criminal expert Mr. Charles Allert. Jr. At least 300 to 400 at-
tended the cntirc three day conference at Temple isracl from
places such as liiiighamton. Syracuse. Long island.
Brooklyn. Massachusetts. and Connecticut. The Saturday
night lecture featuring Mrs. Klarsfeld drew close to 1,000
listeners. it was truly a phenomenal outcome. Her speech
was proceeded by 21 questions and answer period with all
three featured guests.

 

i. had been working on this conference for quite some time
now publicizing to the SUNYA community. ‘i would like to
thank Mr. James Doeiiefelu‘ for aiding me in this matter. i'd
also like to thank the ASP for publishing my letter and free
listing. I ' '

i also feel thanks is due to Dr. Don Cohen who not only
involved me in the conference and inspired and encouraged
me but also worked on the executive committee itselfand was
still able to answer my needs. Thank you Rabbi Paul Silton ‘
and Mr. Sandy Hausler who have also shown those very
qualities. '

My personal involvement and many important aspects of
the conference may not have taken place without the help of
members of RZA who did not shirk their responsibilities as
Jch and human beings. i'd like to personally thank Melanie
Herman and Robin Berloff.

Lastly but by no means any less importantly. I'd like to
tank my father who would have been on the committee had
obstacles not ltave arisen and whose life's dedication to
human rights and justice have inﬂuenced me a great deal.
Thank you again. I
—’Mir:hcle lilterrnan

Blue ' jeans

""- the Editor:

in one of my classes we took a straw poll to see how many
American students wear blue jeans. About 75 percent of the
class were wearing jeans. This is found to be trite at the next
few classes. I

GALA proclaimed that Wed.. May 2 was blue jeans day;
wear jL its if you support the homosexual cause. Probably a
small fraction of the campus population read tltc ad. I sup-
pose GALA is going to take some scientific measurement and
announce in the next ASP (and other publications abroad)
that “an overwhelming percentage of the students at Albany
State support the homosexual cause."

i suggest that if GALA wants to find otit how many
students really support their cause, they use a tnorc unique
method to find out where they stand in their “struggle for
human rights." for example. arnibands.

incidentally. i noticed fewer people wearing jeans than

ever before on Wed. May 2.
— Charles A. Coon

Abuses of policy

To the Editor:

Tax paying students of Albany State should he informed
-of the events traiispiring behind the scenes of the recent Stu-
ticiit Association elections. On the afternoon of May 2.
Michael Bruno phoned Strident Association iii art attempt to
ascertain the results of the Colonial Qttad Central Council
elections. only to be made a mockery of by Thomas ilusby,
lilcciion Cutliiillssltliic'i'. iii the presence and to the delight of
tire Student Association office workers. This lack of empathy
and regard for ilic candidates can be traced to its far back as
October. I983. \vlicii Busby encountered problems with cuti-
tlidtttcs regarding ilic positioning of polling booths during
Alumni Oiitttl Central Council elections. As a direct result of
itisby‘s tnispiaccmcur of tlic unichi‘ncs. Student l\\\llclililt)ii
“(is forced to hold :t second election at great L'.\[7r.'llw to tire
students.

When questioned regarding Colonial Quatd’s recently in-
\irlirlatcd (‘cntral (‘utmcil election being considered as a
runoffclcction. Bushy rcfcrrcd Mr. ilruno to Section 34.l of
the Election Regulation Act. Considering the fact that the
Election Regulation Act only extends to Section [6. it is
strange that the supposedly bcst informed individual on clcc-
tion regulations would cite a non-existing section to support
his position.

invalidated elections. contrary to Busby's judgement. are
not rutt~offs according to election regulations. The reason
for the second Colonial Quad Central Council election is ob-
viously not as a result of a tic. Busby had'left off the name of
one of the candidates frotn the ballot which in effect in-
validated the entirc Central Council election. The write-in
votes received dttring this first election were not invalidated,
however. These original write-in votes were tallied and used
in the “run-off" election this week. as no new write-in votes
are allowed in run-off elections. Mr. Busby is sadly mistaken
if he believes that a run-off election involving two candidates
should be identical to an election resulting from an invalida-
tion.

Recently. while appearing on WCDB. Busby stated that he
was considering using paper balots for allupconiing Central
Council elections. For some unknown reason. Busby thinks
that he can personally modify sections of the Election
Regulation Act. specifically Section iii B which forbids the
use of paper ballots during central Council elections. Paper
ballots were actually distributed by election workers for Cen-
tral Council wrtie-lns on the date of the original election.
which enabled a voter to place a total of four or more votes
using botlt paper ballots and the polling machine itself.
violating Section lX I} J!) of the Election Regulation Act
which limits ilic total to three votes per pcrsoti.

Perhaps in ilic future a more competent and empathetic
election commissioner will be appointed by the Student
Association. The abuses of policy and lack of regard for
cadidates should not go 'unnoticcd by the university corri-
munity.

—— Brian Rattuer
— Michael Bruno
-— Nancy Killian

 

 

\ , I 2%:5L... W .-.

