t‘ cw». NM»;C.~‘

.. ..........._M a s ' -w;

. cm.

_ W», _

.ex

tN‘WMV‘I-yfmymmwwwyi—nﬂ,

c « vats-3w:-

. 7.». from...”

 “ma... -- .. a. c. AgarmnnHW~W.K.-r

< «astutqu

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS r : FRIDA 7 MA r 4.1984

 

 

 

Journalism professor Dr. William Rowley

 

coo soucv urs ‘

 

I learned in Ill? ﬁrst week how to ii'rile a news slorjn I had I0. "

Rowley retires after 20 years as
headof journalism department

By Ltsa Strain

r us mutt/rim Ell/TOR
“He is a strange. bumbling.
absent-minded professor with fun-
ny hair and twinkling eyes who
never ﬁnishes his sentences but he's
a wry sharp per- .
son. Let it be
understood that Fnday
Ilill _Rowlcy is the '
Journalism pro- 
gram."

So commented Fred l..cl5run. a
part-time instructor ol' Journalism
.ltX). who for the last ten ycurs ltas
worked with Dr. William Rowley.
the head of SUNYA‘s journalism
department. After 20 years ot'
teaching at SUNYA. Rowley will be
retiring at the end of this semester.

At the beginning ol' each semester
I clirun often tells his class one of
his favorite stories abotrt Rowley.
"One day Bill (Rowley) wcrti to
Robert Fichcnburg. E‘tccutitc
liditor of the Knickerbocker News.
and said he was thinking ol' le' \ing
arid going back to teaching. lichen-
bttrg said ‘Well. how can you do
that? Do yott have a degree?‘ arid
Rowley replied shcepishly 'Well. I
have a PhD from Harvard."'
l clirun said. '

"I didn‘t know I would go into
tournalism- I didn't work on the
\llldL'ﬂi newspaper when I was in
college." said Rowley. who often
waves his arms evcttedly to cm«
phasi/c a point.

.After graduating from Harvard
tll I943 with a Bachelor of Arts in
l‘llgllhh. Rowley took a job at a
p ivatc boarding school for boys.
teaching English and American
History. He soon returned to Har-
vard for a fellowship in a graduate
teaching position.

"I was going to Harvard. in my
fourth year of graduate work. I felt
l'd been closeted behind ivy-
covcrcd walls for most of my life. I
wanted to know more about what I
envisaged as being ‘the‘ real
world," Rowley said.

In I943. after passing the exams
for a doctoral degree but not having
finished his dissertation. Rowley
was drafted. He served with a group
of other writers. and was one of the
people responsible for recording the
history of the U.S. Seventh Army.

Many of his coworkers werejour-
nalists, and they introduced him to
his future career.

“When I got out. having adrttired
the way they saw the world in cort-
trast to the completely academic
way of looking at the world. I said

 

 

‘Ily (iod. I'm going to try it. I'm
ttot going to go back and finish my
degree- l'rii going to go try to be a
ncospapcr man."‘ Row Icy esplain-
cd

At this time. Rowley said. lie was
living in Skancatclcs in the Finger
lilhi.‘\ with his wife Constance. “I
wortdcrcd how was I going to get a
start'! I‘d never had a journalism
come as well as done any
Ilcwspttpctitlg

.-\lter sending "rounds" of letters
out. he was hired fora short titttc at
a “murmur newspaper before he
applied at the llinglianuon Sun.

"As tar as I'm concerned. I
learned in the first week Itow to
write a news story. I had to- the
prcsurc was oti mc- ()n the job you
learn to do what you have to- ‘cut
out stllllt.‘ of this baloney. arid for
(rotl‘s sakes. Rowley- wiile it so I
can take my scissors and ctrt from
tltc cnd' my editor would say to
me." he recalled.

Afici- helping to establish a
cltaptcr ol the newspaper guild at
the Sun. Rowley lcl‘t irt December
of I947 to seek citiployment irt
Albany. llc. his wife and two
cltildrcn settled lll Altamount. after
lie was hired by the Knickerbocker
News as a reporter.

Rowley cvplaincd. “I didn't
know how long I wanted to stay. I
had planned, I think. in the back of
my rttittd to work for a newspaper
for a few years and then go back to
academia. bttt it stretched ottt to to
years."

“Tltc thing that really fed me tip
at the Knick News at the end was
they wanted me to be the editorial
writer and I tried it for a year. I
couldn't agree enough with the
main editors and the publisher on
somethings I wanted to write. I was
having a hard titite pumping otit
deep thought every day." he said.

Rowley was offered a job
teaching English in 1963 when
SUNYA was expanding from a
teachers' college. “It was a tottgh
job- to come back and teach
Englile Methods had changed
completely front when l'd been in
academia." he recalled.

In I968 ltc finished his disserta-
lion arid received his Ilarvard doc-
torate in .Ilistory of Atttcricati
Civili/ation. “One thing I thought
was interesting when I first came
hcrc‘ Professor [i an Collins said ‘
would you be interested in starting a
journalism scltool here‘." and I said
'absolutely not.‘ I disliked the idea
of journalism schools. which I still

 

 

do.“ Rowley said.

"I don't think the preparation
for a journalist is to study jour-
nalism." he asserted. "I think it's
learning to be a good writer attd get
a good liberal education. So I said
no."

But in I972. Rowley said. the
committee of the SUNY Chancellor
submitted plans to start a jour-
nalism minor at SUNYA. “Having
resisted journalism I'or tett tears. I
gave in," he said.

"There wouldn‘t he a journalism
program without liittt." said
l.ellrun. “I persortally feel the
students themselves don't unders-
tand how mttch he's done I'or the
department. He has singlchandcdly
done all the dirty work." Icllrun
added.

"I'll always remember hint
because he gave his all- he loved the
students and they ltl\ ed him." said
Ileth Ilrinscr. a former student of
Professor Rowley. "Somehow it
was fitting that our last class ended
\\llll the disruption of a bumblebee
Iiying around. Nothing usual ever
happens with him- it's always the
unexpected."

Journalism 400. which is an in-
ternship in the field. is the ntost cl"-
t'ective way of teaching journalism.
Rowley said. For the inlrodtrctorv
course to jottrnalisrti. Itc said.“you
get them to go do it. lie brutal like a
city cditor- throw thctn otit in the
world and ritakc them come up with
something. Under pressure of doing
that. I think is the best way,"

One of the rewards of being a
journalist. Rowley said. is ihat“vou
have a feeling that you know how a
lot ol' things work- ltow govern-
ment. businesses work. how socier
functions." '

"You've got a little special place.
You're a little bit of an outsider bill
you think youch a lot ofitiside in—
formation. That gives you a feeling
of specialncss. and power- not a hell
ofa lot of power. bill sortie." hecv~
plained.

"I suppose you also get idealistic
at times. Everybody wants to have
some rationale ‘I'm doing
something worthwhilc- I'm going to
get at sortie injustices. I‘m going to
give some attention to a badly
neglected group of people or iii-
stttution that's been spit upon or
oppressed.” Rowley said.

N As Rowley said. the jourtialisttt
held attracts people for many
reasons. “Alcvandcr Cochran had
an Interesting theory. ()ne of the

12>

 

 

. ‘

 

t
WI
Barry Scott
Insurance Agency.

011 OonoatAvonuo

(Noxtto
orange Ford)

Albany. N.Y. 1220.
Tata: GOD-I“! -

 

 

 

ORANGE coron

1974 VW

BEST OFFER
—
Good condition.

low mileage. ADI-EM
radio.

CALL
371-9385

Ask for Charlie

 

 

 

Try a little Change of Pace . . .

Set off on a quiet hillsith
just minutes From Albany.
this fully furnished, beauti-
ful log home can he

0 the perfect accommoda-
tion for visiting parents:
moth more pleasant and
less expensive than .t
hotel;

.i wonderful spot for any
totift-t'cnce;

.r quiet, serene pltru- fora
get-away weekend.

We offer a modern l\’|l\ lll‘ll,
ltill hath, solar sun portlt.
sleeping facilities for Q, and

  

BEAUTI
PRESTIGIOUS

OFFERING ONE OF
NEW YORKS MOST
FUL a

 

 

ti view and atmosphere that
will .tdd .r spetml Change of
Face to any t‘\t‘lll

VISITING PART NI'S
REQUIRING
ACCOMMODATIONS
FOR GRADUATION
RECEIVE DISCOUNT.

l'lt‘nst' id“ or \\lllt‘ lot out
-\ ltlllt'
( ll.ltly;t' tIl l'.ttt‘ out Ill.llt‘tl

lt'ce bros ll or t'

lot l‘l Lllll‘t‘t't'lltt‘

Change of Pace. l\' I] Ilos
lOt‘ili. lt'llt'd litislt. \\ Ilt‘rt"
(SIS) .tso— P705

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

RESER VA TIONS

FOR

GRADUA TION

GOING

FAST

MAKE YOUR

“RESERVA TION"

NOW

AND DINE
IN AN ELEGANT

FASHION

436-1022

   

 

SETTINGS

“Your guests  our guests”
Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller
Empire State Plaza Albany, New York

J _

 

 

 

 

FRIDA Y MA Y 4. 1984 El ALB/INT STUDENT

University intends to purchase SA audlo vlsual
equipment for $30,000; eyes use in PAC shows

' By Suzanne Murphy

and Ilene Welnsteln

University ofl' irtls unnoticed last week that they intend to
purchase Student Association's audio visual equipment for
$30,000 by the end of the school year.

"The equipment will be used by the Department of
I-lumanitics and Fine Arts to augment the various theaters
and performing areas in the Performing Arts Certtcr.
Hopefully it will be in rise by the fall." said Francis Lees.
SUNYA's Associate Vice President of Academic Affairs.

According to SA Controller Adam Barsky. SA received.
from the University. a letter of intent to purchase the equip—
rneni “subject to certain stipulations."

Lees explained. “We Itave to get approval from the otttsidc
to make sure it‘s all legal. There's a New York State Purchas-
irtg Law that calls for us to take bids from competing corti-
panies outside the University. bttt since the SA is offcrcing
the equiptncttt at such a low price. no one could really coin-
pcte. We're asking that we not bid." said Lees.

Also. art inventory and check ot' all the AV equiprriertt
must be done by the Educational Communications Center
bcforc tltc purchase, Lees added.

However. Lees said that the purchase had been approved
by the University and that $30,000 had been put aside for the
AV equipment. “II' everything goes right. we'll have the
cqtiiptttent by the summer. at tile latest.” he said.

In March. SA decided to sell the equipment. used for
“small performances and concerts." because “we didn't
have the full time prolcssionals who would be able to proper-
ly tttanagc tltc equipment." said Ilarsky.

liarsky added that groups that had previously used SA AV
equipment. such as Telethon. will now have to “go outside
to get other equipment or go through the University to use
the cquiptitcnt currently being purchased."

  

No agreement has been reached with the University to
allow SA groups to use the equipment after the sale. ‘accor-
ding to SA Vice President Suzy Aulctta. She added that she
would attempt to make this agreement. but she didn't think
the Unlvcristy will allow groups to use the equipment free of
charge. .

Auletta commented that she was pleased that the Universi~
ty has decided to buy the equipment and believes SA has got-
ten “a reasonalbe price. Now that we have a price. it’s better
to sell it before the value (of the equipment) depreciates."
she added.

Auletta. who would have liked to advertise the equipment
in trade rnagarincs. said that SA had sortie offers for separate
pieces. but she felt it was “better to sell the whole system in a
package deal."

The sale of AV equipment to the administration is "SA‘s
best bet." said former SA Vice President Jeff Schneider. He
added that the cquiptnent Is very valuable and that SA has
spent a lot of time with it. “It would be a shame for it (the
equipment) to go outside“ tltc University. Itc commented.

The AV equipment. which has an estimated value of
$32.(XX)-60.000. was ptit up for sale at the beginning oI' last
semester because it was not cost effective. SA officials lutve
said.

The idea for SA—AV originated several years ago as the
project of then SA Vice President Woody Popper. Popper
believed the.cquipment would “increase group programm-
ing" by allowing groups to do rttorc shows, he said at tile
tititc.

The system was intended to pay itself off witltitt two years
bttt consistent met'spcnding attd lack of use have caused the
annual tcvenue to fall short of projections. according to SA
officials. I l

 

 

MA... >

e:
as:

{ tIIIIIIlllllllllllllllllllli .3
If:
e I :-

LISA SIMMONS ops
SA-AV technician at work

Stale approval is needed before Ilie purchase can be made.

Students boycott task force to protest fee plan

By Ian Clements

-I IJIIUIt'Ir'II :l.\$l.‘s"l}l.‘v’l'

The student members of the SUNY Quality of Stttdcnt
Life Task Force have been boycotting the committee since
.5last June. according to Student Association of the State
Uni ‘ (SASU) officials.

Tl Last week tltc Task Force rccornrnettded to the SUNY
Board of Trustees changes iii the SUNY sports prograrrt that
could mean a rttovc to National Collegiate Athletic Associa-
'tion (NCAA) Division I. bill which student leaders have call-
tcd “an administrative power grab." -

The students began their boycott after the Task Force's
report oti SUNY athletics was completed ttst May. said
SASU Vice President for Campus Affairs and Task Force

tnctnber IEric Wilson.

The students are boycotting. he said. because the task

force was established “to pttsli a pre-dctcrmincd agenda."

This agenda included a move to Division I sports arid the

imposition ol' ati athletic I'ec. he said. The boycott is designed
to “remove the legitimacy of" the task force. said Wilson.

The Task Force has. been studying other subjects since the

athletics report was finali/cd. said Vice Chancellor for
University Affairs Robert Pcrritt. one of the task force's 27
members.

 

V.

 

Gossen chosen

 

 

 

Protessor Gary Gosson

"II was totally student inf/fated. "

 

new»... .... .W—~m....umm- .Wswmtmiﬁmmawmu

Though the students have not been actively participatirtg lll
task I'orce meetings. they have continued to attend the ses-
sions in order to monitor wltat goes on. Wilson said.

He and SASU President Jim Tierney ltavc prepared their
own reports oit athletics arid have submitted thettt lo SUNY
Chancellor Clifton Wharton and the lloard ol’frustces. add-
ed Wilson. ~

II' the Task Force's proposal is adopted by the Board ot'
Trustees. a "board of athletic control" would draw up the
athletic budget. In compliance with NCAA rules. the majori-
ty of the board members would be faculty or administrators.

SUNYA athletics are currently funded through tltc Stit-
dcttt Association activity fee. At SUNYA. students aitd ad-
ministrators regulate tltc athletics program.

SA's Intercollegiate Athletic Cotntnittec establishes the
athletic budget. which is subject to tli ' approval of SUNYA
President Vincent O'l.ettry and Central Council. Couchcs‘
salaries are paid by SUNY.

Wilson said that he and Tierney had drawn up a proposal
to change the membership of the task force to one that was
50 percent student and 50 percent administrative. but the
proposal was “pretty tnuclt rejected" by Wharton. Wilson
said.

Wilson said that the student inetubers were given a chance

to submit a minority report. but they decided to submit their
owtt independent reports.

Acting Assistant Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs
William Murabito said that he had interpreted their reports
as mirtority reports.

"They. raised some good points that rtced to be researched“
bttt sortie base become rttoot." said Murabito.

The task force proposal includes art athletic fee that could
increase by It) percent each year. Wilson claititcd the tiiattcr
of art athletic fee was “left ambiguous ‘

Attotltcr athletic funding option. according to Wilson. is a
combination athletic- ‘aclivily fee.’ Under this option. sitt-
tlcttt govci rutterit leaders could increase funding for athletics.
but tit tltc cspcnse of activities, he noted.

 

 

Another contplairit made by Wilson is that Tuition
Assistance Program (TAP) aid would not cover the athletics
fee. This means that students who are dependent on financial
aid may have difficulty paying the fee lie said.

Murabito noted that the curtcttt activity fee is also not
'l'AP-futulablc.

He also mentioned that sortie student goserniitcnt leaders
were in favor ot'the athletic fee. but Wilson said few students
supported the proposal.

as year’s outstanding teacher

By Aileen Brown
\I III IIRIIIN

Student Association naincd Anthropology Professor Gary
Crosscn as the outstanding teacher of the year arid William
Godykunst as the outstanding adviser. at an awards
ccrctnony Tuesday night.

Central Council‘s Academics Committee. which selected
the winners. gave out a total of 28 teaching uitd advising
awards during tltc ccrciuony.

The professors and ads rs' were awarded plaques during
a cocktail hour which pr ded the awards dittitcr.

The Excellence irt Teaching awards were givcrt to all
ttontinatcd professors “because the cotttttiitiec felt that they
had demonstrated such excellence and quality in teaching
that we wanted to honor Illl of tire professors nominated for
Excellence lll Tcaelting." Acadetnic‘c committee chair Rim
attire Albottd said.

The criteria for the awards. according to committee co-
chair Rich Saladino. considered the teachers' performances
in class. their interactions with students. student evaltiations.
and the opinion of the respective department chairs. “We
felt that the emphasis oti these ' 'ttrds was how the students
l'clt about the professors. The criteria didn’t inclttd * any ill-
ptit l'rotn tltc administration. or the professors' research pro-
jects." said Saladino.

"We felt that tile tulministrntion had their own awards for
csccllcncc in teaching. aitd we wanted an award by the
students l'or the professors." he added.

(iosscn said he was very evcited abotu his award. “The
most important fact for me was that it was totally student iti<
itiated." Crossen stated. “lAViIS really pleased since it was
judged not by university standards. but by standards which

   

,

cainc frqu the students themselves." (itisst‘ll added, He said
be appreciated students" straightforward decisions about
what they felt was good in the classrooms.

The winners of“ the Excellence in Teaching awards included
Professors Kim. Iiirn. atid Solnich front tire History l)cpt.:
Cocks. Miroff. Tarlton. and Wasby from Political Science;
Riley. Waterman. Kelircs I'rom Psychology: Epilan arid Pat-
tcrsort from Rti "'tn: Green and ls'ancs from French; Slatcy
from English; I: . front Traffic Safety; Aronson frotn
Chemistry; (‘hartock l'rotn Colllllltll'llcilliul‘ls; Zitomer from
Biology; Horowitz from Economics; Nepaut'surgh frottt
Spanish; Levy fromliusiness and Oliver frottt the School of"
Social Welfare. Professor Warren Roberts frotn History also
received an advising award.

 

 

The awards dinner was only one of the projects tltc
Academic cotntnittce has worked on this year. although "it
was our primary project." said Albortd. The committee has
also doiie work on such projects as student complaints about
faculty and administrators: changing the S/Ll grading policy
so that the teacher is unaware of which students Itavc opted
for S/U in order to avoid any unfavorable bias: academic
dishonesty by students; the pioposcd "W" for courses drop,
pcd after teit day's attd n Strident Advisory group which
works with the administration. Albond said. ” We are
basically a research committee." she stated. “We try to act
as a liason between students arid the administration. and to
help Central Council as rttticlt as possible." she added.

The awards dinner also included the recognition of SA
secretary Rita Levine. and the adoption of two resolutions
honoring Vice Presidents Frank Pogue and Judith
Ramaley. l 1

Mass  Ir ‘ ,llj

 

 

 

