 

’W-.-.—~-u U-w-v"-nib-IH'»~——~~Jw-<'— . m...- , nu. .

.-._.. _ . ..-.. “1.... . v  .. . ,. ..-.... .....- --»~~-«»—w

,.-.c._....~....a....~a...._..t~-w....-~..v...‘..... ..... .

 

 

 

. 4.5polttsSepi-ember .iImiiNiﬁsruulsrn'Pic/ass“ 'I-rlltsmr. SEPTEMBER 25. 1954 7

Some of. his other excursions included tripsto

By Keith Marder
SPORTSEDHDI

W a gold medal can do a lot for a rson.
it can m e you one of the most sought- er peo-
ple in the world: an instant household name inter-
nationally. Sounds great, right? ‘

Wrong. .

There is another side to all of this publicity. A
side most people overlook. it can take a lot out of a
person, just ask jeﬂ' Blatnick. who was awarded a
gold medal in the summer Olympics for his
mastery of Greco-Roman wrestling in the super--
heavyweight class.

The evening was drawing to a close. there was
one last match to wrestle. It was the super-
hea eight division and pitted Blatnick against
Sw en's Thomas johansson. Blatnick disposed of
johansson and the long, seemineg never-ending
odyssey began.

After the formalities of being checked for drugs
and s papers. everyone tried to get their very
own piece of jeﬁ Blatnick.

Day after da . hour after hour. if it weren't televi-
sion. it woul be either radio or newspapers. if it
weren't the British Broadcasting Com any. it
would be Cable News Network. it was a ong and
tinzr‘ilg road. but a necessary one if you win a gold
at .

At 3:10 AM. the morning after winning the gold
medal. Blatnick was picked up by a CBS limousine
and taken in for an interview. When CBS returned
him to the Olympic Village he had just enough
time to shower and catch a couple of winks before
ABC sent a limousine of their own at seven AM.

While at the ABC studio. Blatnick did an inter-
view with Kathleen Sullivan. a piece for Nightline.
and some radio spots for ABC aﬁ’iliates. *

"jeez. i couldn’t keep track of it." said the bleary-
eyed Blatnick. "i was interviewed at least three to
four hours a day."

Universal Studios and Lon Beach. Although these
trips did alleviate some 0 the pressure one thing
was always constant. "Everytime lgot back to the
village you were asked to do certain things. said
Blatnick. "But it was just nice to get away though."
With the situation just getting worse. Blatnick
considered bailing out. Accompanied by his assis'
tant coach and another wrestler. Blatnick con-
sidered driving through Las Vegas to Minneapolis
to do some ﬁshing to "getaway" on August 8.
"They told me i was'nuts for leaving." said Blat-
nick. "i really didn't like the fact that i was leaving.

“jeez I cOuIdn’t
keep track of it . . .I
was interviewed at

least three to four

hours a day. ”

-—]eif Blatnick

 

There were some much needed reprieves. A cou- They gave me their opinion and l wound up un-

ple of days after the competition was over for him.

packing just what I thought i'd need for the post-

Blatnick was able to get awa to Disney World Olympic tour."

with his parents and his 'gir

. he had to do yet another interview.

closing'ceremony. ,

Said Blatnick. "i'm really happy i did stay. it was
a once in a lifetime . But I was tired of
everything and i just wanted to get away because
out in Minneapolis Icoqu re ."

The duration of his stay included watching some
more freestyle “nestling. some souvenir shopping
and "Pinmania". which isthe trading of Olympic
pins with other athletes. ’

By choosing not to leave. Blatnick was also able
to go on the post-Olympic cross country tour. But
that too was a very tiring experience.

The tour started with abreakfast with President
Reagan. Then there was a parade which was
followed by a Congressional presentation.

The tour's next stop was New York for the
group. “This was the first night I reall got a
chance to let loose." recalled the gold me alist. "i
stayed out all night with Albany State's own An-
drew Seras."

But then the inevitable happened. "I got cor-
nered in a bar by a woman reporter who wanted
to do an interview with me." said Blatnick.

Later on in the evening Blatnick found out that
This time it
was for the Good Morning America show. Because
of his evening activities, he went on the show
without any sleep.

Then came the ticker-tape parade in Manhattan.
Right after that ended, Blatnick was escorted by a
police envoy to LaGuardia Airport to take him to
Syracuse for the opening ceremonies of the'Empire
State Games. While at the Empire State Games.
Blatnick spoke with fellow Olympian Tim Daggett
at their opening ceremonies.

From Syracuse, Blatnick ﬂew to Orlando. Florida.
but due to a time discrepancy he had to kill two
hours in the airport until the tour retumed.At the
airport. the exhausted traveler received royal
treatment.

"The security recognized me when I got off the
plane. They asked me “what's the matter. why are
you lost?’  said Blatnick.

end. Some of his Two days later Blatnick found out that in his' "1 explained to them my situation and they

other free time was spent watching the frees le decision to stay he got much more than hel wound up treating me to a meal in a restaurant
wrestling competition which began two days a er bargained for. it was on August 10 when he was and showing me around looking for crocodiles in

the Greco-Roman was over.

informed he would carry the American ﬂag in the .

. ,‘owtha

 

the airport pond."

.P
CO}
and

n ediéli wildQlyrn
gtll times the Rue
"e not there. Natupiiy.

After re oining his group. Blatnick went to Dallas
for a foot all game. During the game. Seras struck
out on the field. but while the two were running
around. they missed out on something that Blat-
nick would have liked to do.

"The only thing I wish l knew was that we had
an opportunity to meetiioward Cosell and the
ABC crew up in the booth and we didn't know it."
said Blatnick. "if I had known it i would have lov-
ed to have done that." '

After breakfast. it was on to another airplane
because Blatnick and Seras had to get back to the
Empire State Games.

~“We had to go back because Andy was com-
peting and at the time i thought i still might com-
pete. But i was really lagged out and tired and i
decided not to. Andy went ahead and did and he
won." said the super heavyweight.

After the Empire State Games. Blatnick came
back home unannounced. "i came back and a
friend of mine drove me home so nobody knew
when l was coming back. i wanted to keep it that
way." said Blatnick. "i wanted to just see some
people that l wanted to see before the hoards
started hitting. and to alleviate all of the calls com-
ing into my parents. Literally, the phone was ring-
ing from about eight in the morning to ten at
night."

One of the people he wanted to see was his

girlfriend. During his trek, both .he and his .

grilfriend had birthdays. Blatnick was able to
squeeze her into his busy schedule for a birthday
dinner. .

To take care of the media and to show his ap-
preciation to Albany State forletting him use their
facilities to train for the Olympics. Blatnick held a
press conference August 21 on the back stairs of
the University Gym. '* ' - v

His neighborhood had a party for him and then
September 9 was proclaimed "Jeif Blatnick Day"
in Niskayuna. ’

Now Blatnick is just trying to get his finances
together and will listen to any offer that is sent his

 

way.
“I think that anybody that has closed ears all the

time can't hear everything." said the levelheaded .

giant. "Right now I have no money. but I am an~

boycotting.
ASP: Whm yor
match to the Gr

limvyiuzights. A  ‘
-2. for me on thath i
j. and it's just $1
1. my stle and 1
"points. i felt it ﬂ
H There were a mu loo j
i thought I was oin p:_
and l would 3! ve “on
.tiebrcakm. “'50 e ' A
when he hit my V st._ V '
' from head lock' lhadfs‘cq“
'kuld have “on  I" I H
referee. the trim ‘
b. ,

 

studs, he said i r'
,‘ fingernail. 'i‘iiat'
' -‘ leaves scar i. -
later. There's n
that tfime I tfiid ,I
in out 0 a
"goltslépiedal but I

n‘aIn‘,tiring road for Jeffre

ticipating some. hopefully. it doesn't fall in your think he would have seen otherwise.

But as with everything else. with the promotions
comes a lot of running around. During the ﬁrst
week of September..iilatnick took a vacation in
Minnesota. On Friday he had to film a commercial
in Los Angeles, coming back to New York on
Saturday for a wedd in Canton;

"What i ended up oing was ﬂying from Min-
nesota to Los Angeles." said the jet set champion.
"i spent less than 24hours in Los Angeles. ﬂew
out of Los Angeles to Philadelphia. to LaGuardia
to Montreal. got picked up and had a two hour
ride to Canton to attend the wedding."

One thing that made all of that running around
worth it, was that Blatnick got to see his friends in
a pretty secluded area. "The wedding was for my
best friend's sister. so all of my good friends were
there," said Blatnick. ‘

Basically. winning the gold medal has taken
away Blatnick's private life. People are constantly
playing games with him. They will yell his name
and not identify themselves just to see if he will
turn around.

“People have done that to me." said Blatnick.
"They'll say. 'Jeff.’ and I'll be walking. and the in-
stinct is to turn and look to see who it is. Then i
realize you're just letting them know who you are
and then. whoosh. you get swamped.

"A couple of times i've gotten away with it. I've
heard somebody say. ‘hey Blatnick.' and i
wouldn‘t react.

"I've even gone so far as when I didn’t want to
be bothered. i lied. People would come up and ask
me (if i’m jeﬁ Blatnick) and I go. no i'm not 

There was one time recently when Blatnick went
to the Little Horn and his resence was announced
over the loudspeaker an there went his evening.

Said Blatnick, "There have been times when i've

The other day while having breakfast at

Eegéiy's. he was confronted by an old high school
u

"l dbn't know if you remember me

b: any
Mark Soprano," said the thin man with bla hair.

"Hol  how you doing. Good to see you."

saidB tni .

"I just want to congratulate you. Things went

pretty good for you out there," said Soprano.

"i would have to say so." said Blatnick.
The two went on talking about old times and

“There have been
times when I’ve
gone to the bar with
somebody and not
spoken to them for
two hours.”

—Ieif Blatnick

 

gone to the bar with somebody and not spoken to
them for two hours and that's ridiculous.

"It's great in one respect, but my friends have
their rights as well. When i‘m with a friend. that
obviously means a lot to me. And N like to share
some time with them."

Blatnick does see some advantages to all of this
publicity. He is now seeing friends that he doesn't l

you  to say hi.

ASP: What honor
' ‘ )

 

 

l just'hung out and I gotbest
' 0 ‘ ’.;

hpn

which of their friends are married and have kids as
well as where they both are employed.

Soprano told Blatnick that he was doing well and
then asked Blatnick about himself.
"Things are all right for me too. i just hope the

get better if things work out and i'm smart wi
them. Hopefully. i can make all of these things last ~

. it's nice.
5 did you

 

 

for a while." said Blatnick.

Soprano then said. “Hey. whyrnot. You worked
for it. i’m sure you weren't drinking about all of
the niceties you have now. 

Nicetiesl Mr. Soprano. if you ever knew.

But as Soprano walked away. he uttered a few
words of encour ent to Blatnick. “Keep riding
that wave. l'll te you."

it was incidents such as these that prompted
Blatnick to'say. "i see a lot people now that i ’
haven't seen in a real long time. it's nice.

"You go through that time when you get out of
high school when you wonder if you'll ever see
somebody again — and you usually don't.

“And then When you do. you have pro-
metinated so long that the feeling is questionable
over what kind of friendship you have. This is
kind of neat. seeing all of these people come out.
and it hasn't been too long." said Blatnick.

But perhaps the most incredible art of this
whole story is that Blatnick has ke t th feet on
the ground and a level head thrOuggout this whole
commotion. '

"i don't, look at it as a fantasy. it’s just people's
perception of me has ed. l've been the
same for the last few years. i haven’t changed a bit
yet. i'm hoping that it won’t happen. i still have
the same values. The only i do more of now
is charity work since all of a su den charity people
want me to talk to them. it's amazing how many
charitypeo lewantrnetotalktothem.i to
align myse with cancer organizations as mu as
possible." Blatnick suﬁered from Hodgkin's
Disease until he overcame it.in 1982.

“it's just like a cold." said Blatnick. "if you have
it, you want to get rid of it."

Every iece of mail he has received was
answer personally.

“We put out over 100 pieces of handwritten mail
in three days." said Blatnick. '

What does the future hold for jetf Blatnick?

"I hope to continue speaking engagements and
pursue different business endeavors."

Believe it or not, Blatnick said. "i want to start
training again. i really miss it."

To each his own. El

 

