   

   

‘ .' .| W ~ _ ,.......e.4.~.u~u......,.4 ea-.-...-.... . .. . ,,
"in... - tab— 4
» - 4—4" my...» -4

   

I 7 L  in ,maam‘ioaaamnrsst

 

   

 

I  f  . Passanrs.
coincide sessions
@©\!7liiC-‘Ii@l§ ‘
INCLUDING: Debates between local" H
candidates.

campus presidential campaign
representatives.

   
  
   

nannies nee"... sixteen... to,

challenge Council ban en tabling

By Tom Bergen
31"" “I'll
SUNYA'I ROTC is going to SA'I Supreme Court
charging that a Central Council ban on ROTC tabl-
iag is a violation of their rights to free speech.
The Supreme Court will hear the
case this Thursday. according to
Chief Justice Steve Sinatra. 
The Reserve orneei Training Council
Corps (ROTC) pays students to train
'to become commissioned Army officers. Since Ar-
my policy does not allow gays or lesbians to become
ofﬁcers. Student Association officials decided their
lnon-discrimination policy and ROTC's policy
conflicted.

 

state party leaders. cSUNYA professors.

   
 

The original resolution banning ROTC was pass-
ed l5 - 3 by Central Council September l9. A vote

an
Albany State studems rut Wednesday to rescind the resolution failed

 
  

 

    
  

 

 

 

 

:6 - 5.
The suit was brought by council member Steve
broadcasts. on the “grounds that it was an illegal use of solicita-
@n [h tions policy, and violates ROTC's freedom of
as cells MW-
' a . , Russo said his suit is “totally based on whether
SA'can deny a campus group freedom to table in
. Earlier in the week. Colonel Johnson. com-
Prostm features mander of Reasselaer'Polytechnic institute ROTC.
De
bra Rein. Manager for ReseaICh Of SA has no power over them. and cannot deny them
solicitation pemiits."
SUNYA . Schaffer and Vice President Suzy Auletta.
Administration officials. The controversy over ROTC expanded during
was revealed that University Senate member Mike
Miller will introduce to the University Senate a
because it discrimintates against homosexuals.

The resolution. which Miller will present to the
day afternoon meeting. states that “it is the recom-
mendation of the University Senate to the President
ROTC program courses on the SUNYA campus."

“Russo claims that this is a freedom of speech
speech of the people in ROTC who would like to
say freely and honestly that they are homosexual?”

Miller added that “SA does have the authority
not to give the solicitation rights from

Lute“ to .91 m for the times Of these Russo on behalf of Joseph Sullivan. a ROTC cadet,
speech."
"€17 Sunday at 12:00 noon. This weeks an amp“, C,“ 
said that “because ROTC is an academic unit, the
Hunger mole“ Who Yecently SPOke t0 ' SA will bedefended in the case by President Rich
Sa Eunded I Wednesday night's Central Council meeting when it
resolution aimed at removing ROTC from campus,
Senate’s Educational Policy Committee at its Mon~
that no new studentst allowed to enter the RPI
case." said Miller. “but what about the freedom of
he asked.
SA . . . they'll have to go to the Administration for

them."
According to Professor Francine Frank, chair of
the Senate Committee. the resolution is similar to

  

 

  

/ NORTHWESTERN CCLLEGE OF CHIROPRACTIC

 

i

As the need for specialized health care continues to
grow. Northwestern college at Chiropractic can help . .
you enter a satisfying career taking care of people as a is
Doctor of Chiropractic. . 4

Committed to.hlgh standards in education and
research lor over 40 years, Northwestern otters you
comprehensive chiropractic training on a modern cam- '
pus distinguished for its excellent lacillties and
dedicated teaching staff.

It you would like to know how Northwestern College
oi Chiropractic can help you achieve your career goals,
complete the form below or call the
admissions oilice TOLL FREE at 1600-3238322, Exten-

sion 290 or collect at (612) 8884777.

 

Please send me more Informal/on on
Northwestern College a! Chiropractic

 

1.500-328-8322. Extension 200; collect at (612) sea-4111

Name‘"""‘    “  """"‘”‘ "’ ' ' ‘  “""" 'l‘O PMCE ORDER CALL
Address ., “M... a  .,.__..._.....n_ . -3. .__. ‘,-~_._~_‘ 1m 1
Ci ,, ,___   .. .,,-”State ,.-.__. Zip.,.,-,_-,.,. "I.
'y , Extra Pizza’s Available in Lobby for
Phone (.. .. i ._ . Years oi college expertencemm .
' 1 Immediate Sale
SEND TO: Northwestern College at Chiropractic.
Admissions Olllce. 2501 West suit Street, 195 I‘m-k Street
Bloomingion. Minnesota 55431 305 465-1922

one that was defeated in 1902. However. Miller said. -
that this time the resolution stands a better chance

of passing because of recent orders from the SUNY
Board of Trustees andtthe Governor.

In October of I983. the SUNY Board of Trustees
strengthened its non-discrimination policy, par.
ticularly .in regard to sexual preference. in
November of I983. Governor Cuomo issued Ex.
ecutive Order 28, which forbids discrimination on
the basis of sexual orientation by any state agency
“in the provision of any services or beneﬁts by said

agency.’

“. . .bccause ROTC is an
academic unit, the SA has
no power over them, and
cannot deny them
solicitation permits”
—Col. Johnson

 

The Senate resolution must be approved by the
Senate’s Educational Policies Committee and Ex-
ecutive Committee before it can be considered by
the entire Senate. '

in other action Wednesday night, Council ﬁlled a
seat on the UAS Board of Directors which had been
left vacant when they rejected Laura Johnson. a
black woman, for the post.

Johnson's appointment was considered at last
week's Council meeting in a stormy four hour
debate which included charges of racism.

Eric Holzberg. who was already a non-voting
member of the board, was appointed as a voting
member by unanimous consent. A new non-voting
member replacing Hoi’zberg will be voted on next
week. >

After discovering that Jennifer Corby, who was
appointed to the UAS Board on October 3. was on-
ly l7 years old and thus not eligible to be a voting
board member. Council appointed Ross Abelow.
already a non-voting board member, to the position
of voting member, and made Corby a non-voting
member. In December, when Corby turns 18, the
positions will be reversed.

Council also approved the SUNYA Sky Diving
Club’s 1984-85 budget, but rejected a budget pro-
posal for a SUNYA Ski Team. [:1

   

 

 

 

 

 

Coming Soon-Beer Dough.

 

 

  
  

‘ SUNYA'C Spirit Committee

, invites .you to

Go Crazy ,

at the

.mpa'vivcmnm‘asm o mam; m m a   g.

i

 

Purple & Gold Spirit Party

   
    
     

Mgr  

* Special Prince record giveaways all night long

(Records provided by SUN Ytunes)
* Prince look alike contest
* Breakdance contest

Come' hear all of Prince’s smash hits and other
hot tunes mixed by the Capital District’s best

disc

Come and

Brubaoher Hall Ballroom
Friday, October 12

$2.50 wlout tax'Card

$2.00 wltax card
50¢ off if wearing purple & gold

jockey — DJ Gordon!

dance all night long!

9 PM "" 2 AM on Funded

 

 

RHTED M IN T__|-IE

 

BY THE TIMES UNION-KNICKERBOCKER NEWS

.sueiuwnin

 

 

Sandwiches & Salads

 

caPrreL orsrnrcr

 

 

 

 

------------
Bring this coupon to your nearest 1
summit station!

99¢

SALE!

BUY ﬁNY FOOT-LONG SﬁNDWICH

0R ﬁNY SﬁlfiD PLﬁTE ﬁND GET

. ENOTHER ONE OF COMPﬁRﬁBLE
VﬁLUE FOR ONLY .99!

Coupon expires 1019-“
"82 WESTERN EVE.
Ital-6119
321i CENTRﬁl EVE.

loss-082A

Both now under
new management!

suns 187V ‘

   

We've Got More Taste.
- - - - - - - - -

  

6 ME? TO REEL
TREHSURE

CONSTRUCTION

  
  

  

  

 

 

 

  

 

  

