 

 

c;

._,_-_~—

1 «as:

a

 

 

 

 

 

Worldwide ‘
Hotel fire kills 24

, Manila, Phillipines
(AP) Two Americans are confirmed dead
and lo others are missing and feared dead
in a fire that raged through a resort hotel
in Baguio earlier this week, killing at least
24 people,‘officials said Thursday.

Firemen continued to search through the
charred frame of the four-storyPines
Hotel,_where about 200 American World
War II veterans and their wives were stay-
ing after participating in last week’s 40th
anniversary commemoration of the U.S.
Army landing at Leyte.

~Chile limits media

Santiago, Chile
(AP) The military government has issued
sweeping restrictions on news media repor-
ting of anti-government violence, and has
banned a Roman Catholic church-owned
radio station from broadcasting news.
Army Gen. Rene Vidal. military com<
mander for Santiago. issued the new
guidelines Wednesday, a week after Com-
munist guerrillas claimed responsibility for
the sixth bombing of'ccntral Chile’s power
system in IO months. The attack blacked
out millionsof homes.

Peace activist held

Moscow
(AP) Authorities arrested a member of
Moscow's only known unofficial peace

for their weekly ioust-about.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl FRIDAY, OCTOBERZG, I984

_  enters ”

group. members of the organizastion told
Western reporters. '

The group members said the arrest
Wednesday was the third time Nikolai
Khramov, 2|. has been arrested since he
joined the unsanctioned group six months
ago. He was held for IS days each of tile
two previous times. they said.

THe earlier arrests were in connection
with Khramov's refusal to be drafted into
the Soviet military, the group said.

 

Nationwide  v,

 

.Swift action praised

Washington, D.C.
(AP) The State Department is praising the
“swift action" of Philippines President
Ferdinand Marcos in ordering the prosecu-
tion of a close associate and 25 others im-
plicated by a fact-ﬁnding body in the
assassination‘of opposition leader Benignc
Aquino.

Marcos' apparent decision to allow the
investigative body to conclude its work
unhindered and to abide by its findings
seemed to come as a relief to U.S. of-
ficials, who have feared that any attempt
to limit the probe could produce
widespread turmoil.

CIA linked to press

Washington, D.C.
(AP) The Carter Administration set up a
covert CIA operation in 1978 to persuade
European journalists — possibly by paying
them — to report favorably on neutron
weapons and expose Soviet attempts to
stop deployment, a Harvard University
study says.

 

 

The operation plus praise for the
weapons from European ‘ officials ap-
parently “had a marked effect on Western
press coverage," according to the study
written for Harvard's Kennedy School of
Government by consultant David
Whitman.

U.S. denies report

Washington, D. C.

(AP) The State Department denies it
received a protest from Nicaragua accus-
ing the United States of inciting terrorism
and interfering in Nicaragua’s Nov. 4
elections.

Nicaraguan press r‘eports said U.S. Am-
bassador Harry Gerghold had been given a
note Tuesday at the Foreign Ministry in
Managua making the accusations against
the United States.

But State Department spokesman John

Hughes said Wednesday Berghold first
learned of the protest from newspaper
account.

 

 

Statewide

Unemployment drops

Albany, N. Y.
(AP) New York’s unemployment rate
dropped sharply from 7.5 percent in
August to 6.7 percent in September, the
state Labor Department reported today.
“The decline in unemployment could be
traced to student jobseekers leaving the
labor market to return to school and to a
reduction in the number of people losing
jobs." said state Labor Commissioner
Lillian Roberts.

 

    

ii this were 1200 Ad). this could be King Arthur and Lancelot, but since it’s 1934 n mus. be membm o, m Mammal Club 

 

Link aids Ferraro

I _ Ncw ka
(AP) News reports hinting at links between
Democratic vice presidential candidate

' Geraldine Ferraro’s family and organized

crime haven't hurt the candidate politically,
and "may have even won her some \)’Ill-
pnihy," according to Gov. Mario Cuomu

The Democratic governor, who's dircc.
ting Walter Mondale's presidential cam.
paign in New York state, said Wednctttﬂy
that when the campaign first started he
knew that Ms. Ferraro would “have to
brace herself for somebody, somewhere
raising the question of Mafia."

Recent news reports have suggesth
links between organized crime figures and
both Ms. Ferraro and her husband. John
Zaccaro. There have also been stories lllCli-
tioning links between organized crime
figures and both her father and chcaro's.

Officer testifies

New York
(AP) A retired officer testified Thursday
that the Vietnam War intelligence studies
which CBS News said were suppressed by
Gen. William C. Westmoreland were not
as reliable as other military reports the
general tised.

Cmdr. Robert Heon said Westmoreland
used daily and weekly reports prepared by
his Current Intelligence Branch staff.
which tracked enemy troops with top
secret information provided by the Na-
tional Security Agency.

He said a separate military intelligence
unit that prepared monthly studies on
enemy troop strength - and troop.
infiltration reports CBS said
Westmoreland suppressed for political
reasons - was not cleared to gcl NSA
information. ~

Youth suicide rises

Ktiionali. NY.
(AP) While New York state‘s ralc til')iiiitii
suicide was less than the national tt\'L'llItlL'.
it has grown significantly in the pad I4
years, according to figures released by | I.
Gov. Alfred DclBello's office Tillll'Nti '_\.

“Youth suicitlc is on the rise to dnnen
ions we can call a ciisis," said Deitielln
during a conference on youth suicide spoil
sored by the Committee on Sudden
Adolescent Death and lionr Wind»
Hospital in Katonah. “But there's no
general popular concern. Youth suicide ix
pervasive. it's occurring in evcry kind nt
community. It knows no socio-ccmioinn
lines. We need a major effort to get tin
whole cottntry concerned."

DelBello’s statistics track suicidm
among the young between the ages of IS
and 24 in I970 and 1983.

 

 

 

(AP) President Reagan is pausing from the
campaign as Walter F. Mondale appeals
for votes in the industrial Midwest‘after
telling the region’s farmers “these last four
years have been the worst in the history of
the American family farm.”

Twelve points down in one new poll with
ll days to go. and even further down in
another, Mondale was invoking the name
of .the patron saint of
political underdogs, 
Harry S. Truman, at
every stop Wednesday. 

In emotional appeals,
the Democratic presiden- 
tial nominee said he ex-
pects to repeat Truman’s surprise victory
of 1948 on this Election Day, November 6.

“I am asking you to trust me, to believe
me," Mondale said.
Reagan was back in the White House
Thursday after returning on Wednesday
from a four-day campaign trip, on which

he attended a ceremony commemorating

the first anniversary of the U.S.-led inva-

  

AP

President Ronald Reagan

. ............uu.ww-~m-ium“ ~

sion of tiny Grenada.’

Reagan heads back out on the campaign
trail Fridiiy when he will venture into New
Jersey, New York and Connecticut.

Mondale’s campaign has 55 million less
left to spend than Reagan's in the final
weeks before the election, according to
federal spending reports.

The difference results from a heavier
r J-ypaceinor. L __.. u.
outspent the incumbent by more than $4
million last month —- and from the
Democrat’s having started this campaign a

 

t“ 531,? \‘- l. ’. l'~

full month before Reagan.

The candidates' latest monthly spending
reports to the Federal Election Commis-
sion showed that the Reagan-Bush '84
Committee had spent $12.5 million
through September 30, while the Mondale~
Ferraro Committee has laid out $l7.6
million. '

Both sides are limited to spending the
$40.4 million that the Treasury provided
each camp for its fall campaign.

Mondale had $22.8 million left from his
allotment on October I, while Reagan had

 

By James O‘Sulllvan

ASSOC‘IA TE NE W5 EDI TOR

Democratic challenger Walter Mondale.

debate’s moderator.

i

overlooked in the national debates.

lAmendments, and abortion rights.

Cohoes.

Saratoga, chsselear, and Green counties.
Admission is free.

 

N YPIRG brings debate to SUN YA

For everybody who isn't sure what went on at the Walter Mondale vs. Ronald
Reagan debate series which ended last week. NYPIRG is sponsoring a presidential
debate next Monday, October 29, at 7:30 pm in the Campus Center Assembly Hall.

Representing Ronald Reagan will be N.Y. State Assembly member Michael
Holblock of Albany County. Former member ofCongress Ned Pattison will speak for

"It’s important for students to be aware, and some students don’t know a lot of the
issues," asserted NYPIRG Forum Coordinator Debbie Eicliorn, who will be the

She explained that each representative will be allowed to make a ten minute state-
ment, followed by rebuttals, and then the floor will be open to questions. liichorn said
that most of the event will be left open for questions and answers because “there might
,be questions that weren't mentioned in the televised debates.”

, - “This way you can address the issues face to face," she said. Eicliorn said a large
part of the debate would probably be devoted to student issues, topics that were often

Some issues Eichorn sais she expects to be brought up are financial aid for stidcnts,
the Guaranteed Student Loan Program, environmental concerns, the Equal Rights

l-lolblock is currently a republican assemblyman in the I03rd Assembly district. He
has been in office since I978,.\vhcn he won a special election. The district he represents
includes the towns of Colonic and Guilderland, and the cities of Watcrvliet and

Pattison was a democratic representative in Congress, serving the 29th Congresé
sional District. Until losing his seat, Pattison represented Warren, Washington,

 

Cl

 
 

.. .h ,C’..._.-......-. m...-....~-...«—-....AM

i2311‘i7‘1?\(\‘)i?. 'Hh'ﬁf‘is 

xt'“ . . ) \‘ sx‘I'lS‘Fi ~I'f , ‘
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, I984 U ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

‘ Ir""'°”"a'°°Ptimisticdespite‘poormunch

$27.9 million —— a difference of $5.1
million.

Because the Democrats nominated their
candidates in July. _a month before the
Republicans. Mondale and his running
mate had to begin dipping into their allot-
ment four weeks before their counterparts.
The Democrats had spent $1 million more
than the Republicans by the end of
August.

Television advertising rates have in-
:reased since the last presidential election
as well, according to the New York Times.

Four years ago the price of airing a
30-second political advertisement on ABC-
TV’s "Monday Night Football" was
about $50,000. This year it costs $125,000.
In general, television time for advertisers
has risen 56 percent in the last four years.

“Business has picked up since the l98l
recession, and advertising is picking up to
feed it," said a spokesman for the Televi-
sion Bureau of Advertising, Roger D.
Rice.

16>

Walter Mondale

SA execs clash with Council over ‘Dr. Dirty’ act

By Alicia Clmbora

EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

SUNYA’s University Cinemas officials

say they are not bringing any pornographic
movies to campus this year, but Colonial
Quad Board has gotten permission to hire
comedian John Valby, who's performace
has in the past, been described as sexist
and obscene.

Although SA has no written policy

governing the content of films or acts
brought to campus, SA executives have
said they strongly oppose hiring Valby, for
reasons of both ethics and safety.

Despite the feelings of SA executives.

Central Council voted Wednesday night to
permit Colonial Quad Borad to hire
Valby, under the provision that the come-
dian does not actually perform on campus.

According to a memo from SA Presi-

dent Rich Schaf fer to Central Council
Chair Mitch Feig, when Valby, also known

' Free Listings

Eumenidoe (The Furies) will be
performed October 25, 28, and
27 at 8pm in The Performing
Arts Center. Tickets are $4.00
for SUNYA staff and faculty
and. $6.00. for the’ general
public: ‘

The institute for
Meaoamerlcan Studies will
present "A State of
Rebellion..." a lecture by Grant
D. Jones of Hamilton College
on Friday, October 26 at
3:30pm In HU290.

 

Sietlellce Colloquium will' be
given on Friday October 26 at
4:15pm in E8140. 6. Watson
from Princeton University will
be the speaker.

SUNYA Olympics will be held
'on Sunday, Oct.’ 28 at 11am
next to the basketball courts
behind Indian Quad. Admis-
sion is free.

The Wiz Is being presented by
Page Hall on Alumni Quad and
Is seeking production staff for
the March 1985 show. In-
tereated persons should call
Vlc Clpolia at 455-6799 or
Allison Grant at 438-4291.
Deadline In November 1.
Physics Colloquium will be
given on Friday October 26 at
3pm in PH129. Michael
Schluter from AT&T Bell
Laboratories will be the
speaker.

"The Legacy of the Vlddllh

Theater" will be the topic of a
lecture given by SUNYA Pro‘
lessor Sarah Blacker Cohen on
Sunday, October 28 at 2pm In
the Auditorium of the State
Museum. Admission is free.

Speakers Forum presents
Anne Buriord (Previous Ad-
ministrator of the Environmen-
tal Protection Agency) speak-
Ing on Tuesday, October 30 at
8pm In the Campus Center
Ballroom. Tickets are $2 with a
tax-sticker and $4 without.
Rally against Anne Burlord
sponsored by NYPIRG will be
held on Tuesday, October 30 at
7:30 outside the CC Ballroom.
For details call 457-4623.

NYPIRG Toxlce Project will
meet MondayI October 29 at
6:30pm In 00382 to discuss
toxic pollution across New
York State.

ASP Newswritor mandatory
meeting will be held on Sun-
day, October 28 at 8pm In
00332. .

Craft Expo presented by Pro-
fessional Craft Expos will be
held on Saturday, October 27
and on Sunday, October 28
from 10am to 5pm at the New
Scotland Ave. Armory. Admis-
sion is $2 for the general public
and $1.50 with a student 10.
NAACP Meeting will hold Ila
October Membership Meeting
on Sunday. October 28 at 40m

 

 

at Israel A.M.E. Church, 381
Hamilton St. Ann Pope, First
Vice-President of the Albany
Branch, will lead the
discussion.

The Olflce of International Pro-
grams will hold a meeting on
studying In Copenhagen, Den-
mark on Monday, October 29 at
2pm in HU354. A meeting will
be held for studying in England
or Scotland on Tuesday, 00-
tober 30 at 3:30pm In HU290-
Oulncy Market, Boston bus
tickets will be on sale In the
Campus Center lobby on 06-
tober 29, 30 and 31 from
10:30am to 3:80pm. Tickets are
$20. For details, call Nell at
457-4881 or Dave at 87143099.

 

I

as Doctor Dirty, performed at SUNYA
about five years ago, “the crowd became
unruly and uncontrollable and several peo-
ple were injured by flying objects, in-
cluding bottles."

Schaffer also said he knew of no per-
fomer who had ever elicited a similar
response at SUNYA.

“Whoever signs the contract is personal-
ly liable” for any damages, said SA Con-
troller Rich Golubow, who told Council
on Wednesday night, “I will not sign a
contract for John Valby.”

University Cinemas does have one X-
rated movie slated for the end of this
semester, but contends University Cinemas
treasurer Richard Kunen, the movie Last
Tango in Paris is not pornographic.

Kunen stressed that he did not want the
film to be labeled pornographic because.
“We don’t want the Feminist Alliance on
our backs.”

Campus porno gaining acceptance

(COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE) Several cam-
puses once again have opted to approve us-
ing campus funds and facilities to run por-
nographic movies during the last month.

Most recently, University of Virginia
President Frank Hereford has refused a
National Organization of Women (NOW)
invitation to view the movie “Deep
Throat."

NOW wanted to enlist Hereford's sup-
port in banning the film from UVa, where
it was shown as a fundraiser for the Phi
Sigma Kappa fraternity two weeks ago.

Hereford, in a letter to Cynthia Taylor,
president of the Charlottesville, Va.,
NOW chapter, said that while he “per-
sonally abhors this kind of thing," he
feared banning the film would violate the
First Amendment to the U.S. Constitu-
tion, Taylor reports. V

Also fearing it‘d quash free speech. an
Indiana University dorm‘student govern-

ment last week approved a motion to let
students keep showing X-rated movies in
the dorm.

The week before, 25 University of Iowa
protesters tried to disrupt a campus show-
ing a movie called “Peeping Tom."

The anti-pornography forces have won a
few times. The manager of a University of
Texas at El Paso campus pub recently
ordered the pub’s pay TV channel turned
off at to p.m.,' when SelecTV switches to
blue movie programming.

And soon after the Indiana dorm coun—
cil approved showing pornography, the
campus-wide Indiana University Student
Association passed a resolution condemn-
ing pornography and offering to work
with the dean of students to teach students
"about the effects of pornography on our
society.” . -.

Generally, however, students and ad-

 . .  1.4;

Valby‘s humor, according to SA Vice
President Suzy Auletta, is characterized by
obscenity. sexism, and racism. “There's
no group he doesn't offend except the
white...male," she added.

Schaffer, Auletta and Golubow, as
members of the executive branch. are the
only three people eligible to sign the
contract. .

All three have expressed concern over
the legal ramifications if anything should
happen at his performance. “I don't want
to be involved in legal matters," Auletta
said.

Auletta said it was “totally ludicrous for
Colonial Quad Board to throw an event
off campus," and said the whole affair
was “very irresponsible of the leadership
of Colonial Quad."

Colonial Quad Board President Lori
Friedman said she believed that there was
no reason the performance should not be
scheduled now that the security problems
had been handled by moving the event off
campus. “It's what the people of Colonial

“I Wi11 not Sign

a contract for.

John Valby.”
'—-Rich Golubow

Quad want,” she agreed.

Diana Kandilakis, a member of the
Feminist Alliance, said that Valby’s use of
women as the target of his jokes is
“blatantly sexist.”

She also asserted, "I think there’s
hatred that underlies that type of humor.
It creates an atmosphere of violence
against women."

Kandilakis said that Valby's themes of
gang bangs and rape along with his en-
couragement at one performance for
women to come up on stage and take off
their shirts is geared toward a male au-
dience. “It creates a bond with other males
in the audience," she stated.

Valby objectifies women, Kandilakis
said, by "talking about parts of their
bodies as being removed from what they
are as people."

“Valby benefits no one and imposes a
danger" to public safety Auletta said, “I
don't want to have anything to do with
it." I'.)

 

 

 

 

-' n-  "$313.43.;-

 

 

  
 
 

%
2.
3i.
r

l.
v
A

t
l
l
l
3.

 

‘ “g5

 

’“ ‘/I- .../“. .

.. «.v.. up...

 

