  

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i
i
.i

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

   

SEPTEMBER 18. I984 .

 

 

By Marc Bennett
metamo-

Alhany State’s severe case of
“fumble-ills" suffered in their 2.4-7
demise at New Haven served as only a
distraction to the Great Danes' real pro-
blem. at hand.’ What Head Coach Bob

Ford and his staff are facing is a situation I.

'where they‘ must try to solve a huge

quarterback dilemna that mighthave no
solution. I ‘

. it became painfully apparent in Coach
Ford’s eyes. during the New Haven defeat.
that sophomore Anthony Nozzi was not
the cure for the'Dane quarterback woes.
Noni failed to move the Danes into enemy
territory in~his 41 minutes of action. Ford
lifted him with four minutes remaining in
the third quarter with Albany trailing
24 - 7 in favor of 'Jeff Russell. a freshman
from Linton High School in Schenectady.
Though Russell also failed to put points on
the board. he impressed the coach enough
to be named the starting quarterback
against Brockport.

“i think Russell made more things hap-
pen in a postive way." said Ford. "Our of-
fense was non-existent in the first half.
When you’re not moving the ball. you got
to look at the quarterback. just like if the,
Albany football team doesn’t win. the
president of the University looks at me.”

Actually the Danes. in their first half.

had more trouble holding onto the football ‘

than moving it. On their first rm posses-
sions of the contest. Albany fumbled away
the ball a perfect ﬁve times. (they had 10
turnovers in all), which led to all three of
the Chargers' ﬁrst half scores -— two
touchdowns and a ﬁeld goal. it seemed
that the Great Danes' defense was on the
ﬁeld more than the referees. The ﬁrst
possession in which the Danes managed
not to fumble away came with six minutes
left in the half. instead of turning the ball
over. they miraculously reached fourth
down and were able to punt.

At gametime. the sky was gray and the

~steady rainfall had turned New Haven's.

Dodds Field into a wet and muddy mess.

didn’t turn it over the ﬁrst ﬁve times they

Tenlturn‘overs hurt. Danes in loss to New Haven

But Ford would not accept that excuse for
Albany's sloppy ballhandling. 4' "

‘ "The grounds were just as wet for both
sides.” said Ford. but they (Chargers)

had the ball."

" The Danu’ case of “furnbleitis” started
on their fourth play of the game when
halfback Dana Melvin caught a' Nozzi pass
over the middle but lost control of the ball
on contact with a Charger cornerback.

“On the previous play." said Melvin. "l
was on a blocking assignment and my
hands fell into mud. I didn’t have a chance
to get a towel so my hands were muddy."

.New Haven took over at the 'Danes' 44. .
Four plays later on third and eight at the
26. quarterback Paul Kelley whipped a
bullet screen pass on the sideline to Jesse
Cuger, who made one nifty deke and
scooted his way inches shy of a ﬁrst down.
On fourth. Michael Murphy plowed right
to barer cross the ﬁrst down marker.

A i7-yard Kelly scramble set up ﬁrst and
goal at the three where Greg Ortman
found a gaping hole and glided into the
end zone on his feet.

The next Charger score was set up by a
sloppy exchange between Neal and runn-
ing back Dave Soldini. Starting from the
Albany 27. New Haven paced its way
down to the nine where Tom Holmes
booted a 25-yarder. ,

A Nozzi fumble provided the Chargers'
ﬁnal score of the ﬁrst half. This time their
ﬁeld position was the Albany 37. it took
seven plays before the Chargers lifted their
lead to 17 - 0 on a l-yard keeper by Kelly
on fourth and goal. Butas it turned out,
the Danes were the team riding on more
momentum going into the lockeroom at
halftime.

An errant Kelly screen pass with 55
seconds left in the half turned defensive
lineman Ron Washington into the winner
of a 72-yard dash. The pass also turned the
halftime score from l7 - 0 to 17 - 7. a lead
not nearly as insurmountable.

“They threw a screen to my side
earlier,” said Washington in the

o .
Washing
lockeroom afterwards. “The second time
they did it i was prepared for it so i just
backed up and waited for the throw."
After Washington grabbed the intercep-
tion and started downﬁeld he had just one
man to beat. "1 saw him coming up from 22>

 

V wean ups
aeobaeclo deflects a as h Cha r uarterbaek Paul Kati Into Ron
ton'a bands. who then Pr:n 12 yyards his: a ouehdown. _ y

the side." recalled Washington. “1 gave
him a little stiff arm and just pumped it up
until i got to the goal line.

Any thought that the momentum had
shifted Albany's way at halftime was

Dane netmen win third annual RPI tournament

3 ~o.‘.\.\;¢w' ~ 

 

By Dean Chang
manaoassmma

 

 

RPt tournament this past weekend.

 

The Albany State man's tennis team captured the

The Albany State men's tennis team made their ﬁrst
appearance at RPl's third annual tennis tournament a
memorable one as the Danes took the eight-team tourna-
ment by scoring victories over Springﬁeld College.
Williams and Clark.

The tournament was to be one of high caliber. but the
late withdrawals of Vermont. the University of Buffalo.
and defending champion MIT removed much of Albany's
competition.

"It was good for us to get some tournament ex-
perience.” said Albany Head Coach Bob Lewis.

“Overall. the quality of the tournament wasn’t very

good. but we got some competition."

Competition did not come in the form of Springﬁeld.
the Danes’ ﬁrst opponent. Due to rainy conditions.
Saturday’s matches were held indoors at Capitaland Rac-
quet Club. Because of time limitations. the match against
Springﬁeld was stopped once Albany clinched the vic-
tory, S-l. '

Torn Schmitz. Jay Eisenberg. Mike Dermansky. Mitch
Gerber and Dave Zobler won in singles. making the
doubles matches unnecessary. Dave Grossman lost in
three sets to account for the only Springﬁeld point.

Williams provided the Danes with their toughest match
of the tournament, losing 5-4. The match was tied at four
with the deciding third doubles match yet to be played.
The combination of Zobler and Gerber came through and
defeated Hart Hodges and Rob Minean in a pro-set, 8-5.

"There was a lot of pressure on tit-em." said Lewis.
“Both players are relatively new to the team; they did a
ﬁne job.” I

Grossman defeated Kevin Calianan, 6-2. 6-4; Schmitz

beat Dan Shore by the identical score; Eisenberg' fell to
Chris Myers, 7-6. 6-4: Dermansky beat Hodges. 6-2. 6-3;
Gerber extended Jan l-iietmueller to three sets before los-
ing 6-2. 5-7. 6-2: Zobler took Rob Minean in straight sets.
6-3. 6i. The ﬁrst doubles team of Grossman and Schmitz
fell to Callahan and Shore. 6-2. 7-5; the second doubles
team lost to Myers and Hietmuueller. 6-2. 6-3.

Albany's opponent in the ﬁnals on Sunday was Clark
University. a team expected to give the Danes some trou-
ble. The final score was 7-2. Albany. Trouble?

Grossman lost to Roger Stern. 5-5 (default) and
Schmitz fell to Josh Weimmen. 6-4. 6-3. According to
"I Head coach Steve Koosman. you don't win matches
with your top two players.

“We always treated Albany with respect." said
Koosman. "Their strength is in their depth; numbers
four. ﬁve and six singles,‘ number two and three doubles
— that's where you win matches."

Eisenberg defeated Santiago Guzman, 6-2. 6-2; Der-
mansky beat Ben Ungar. 6-l, 6-3; Gerber topped Mark
Scott. 6-l. ,6—0; and Zobler took Matthews, 6-4, 6-l.
Zobler was ﬁlling in throughout the tournament for an
injured Mark Sanders. and was the outstanding player of
the tournament. according to Lewis.

“i am really pleased with his play." said Lewis. “He
didn't lose any of his matches. singles or doubles. and
didn’t even lose a set. He's earned another challenge
match against Sanders.

ln doubles, Grossman and Schmitz defeated Stern and
Matthews. 6-4. 6-2; Eisenberg and Dermansky beat
Wyman and Unger. 3-6. 6-3, 6-3: and Gerber and Zobler
topped Guzman and Scott. 7—6. 6-l. .

The tournament victories gave the Danes a 3-1 record.

   

     
   
  
    
  
  
   
  
    
 
     
    
 

 

 

 

   
    
  
 

   

1..

A... ,,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
    
  

 

 

 

 

    
    

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
  

 

 

.... at... ..s.r... ._.W.._¢...M-_u .y.“~.~..-w.—qu-..w....., ,. . ..  . .. . ... 

I

VOLUMELXXI

 

Noted author lashes out at 

tolerance of pornography

By James O'Sulltvan

ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

“In the pornography being produced in this country right
now, women are humiliated as an act of sex in every way
possible. Verbal humiliation, physical humiliation, being
covered in ﬁlth, anything that humiliatcs women has a sex-

ual value in pornography. ”

Pornography as violence
against women — all womcn ——
was graphically dcscribcd
Wednesday night as noted
feminist uuthor Andrea Dworkin
spoke with cloqucncc tmd leLV'Ol'
to a silent crowd in the Campus
Center iiuilroom.

Dworkin. spcztking as part of
Womcn's Safety Awareness
Days, sccmcd to have the nu-
dicncc mcsmcrizcd as she spoke
for over an hour.

“if lhcrc is a right to equality in
this systcm pornography not only
violulcs it, it destroys it. if thcrc is

' no right to equality than this
system is going to have to move
its ass off our bucks,”"-shc
declared. forcefully.

Just before the speech began,
Campus Center employees
removed the dividers in the room
to allow room for all 250 people
in attendance, mostly women. to
sit.

One Campus Center employee
said that about 150 more people
attended than were expected.

“The society that we live in has
rules. rules that tell 'us how to
live." Dworkin began, “(but)
when we ask ‘what are these rules’
no one will tell us.”

“The rules of pornography are
the rules of real life, but we're
never tol_d ‘thgm, so we keep get-

—Andrea Dworkin

ting f--kcd over.’I she told the
audience.

Womcn don‘t know the rules,
she said. "For instance. we gct
raped. we end up in a court of
law. and somehow, everybody in—
volvcd in that process from bcgin-
ning to end. cxccpt thc individqu
to whom the rape has happened
understands that the woman who
was rapcd was responsible.“

“Wc (women) haven‘t sccn
much of the pornography until. in
the last couple of years, we
haven't been able to scc anything
but pornography.“ she tlsscrtcd.

Dworkin vividly dcscribcd por-
nographic scenes to the hushed
audience:

"Thousands of pictures (are)
produced every year of women
with our legs spread so that our
genitals can be shot, by a
camera..“ she began. ‘

“The genitals are frequently
tied, they're trussed up. You
don’t see the ways that they're
manipulated, but if you look at
the pictures you‘ll see that they
(the woman’s genitals) stand out
on the page," Dworkin’s voice
rising with emotion. told the
audience.

“Women in pornography now
being sold in this country are in
postures of submission and ac-

14>

 

 

 

A soldier blocks the way to the Amerlcan embass alter a van
crashed through barricades and exploded, killing 3 people In-
cludlng 2 Americans. See story pg. 3.

ASSOCIATED PRESS

 

 

 ‘ ' I
 _ September.» 21, 1984

NUMBER27

v STUDEN,‘ PRESS casino

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

Hudson Street. the heart of the "student ghetto".

 

 

'l‘hc city is looking at slriclcr tit/tirct'lnt'nl ol' the “grouper law" in .‘\Ihnny's “sludcnl ghetto"

Off-campus students face threat

City investigating 'student ghetto' housing conditlons

By Jane Anderson
AHSOL'IA Tl? NEWS EDITOR

Off-campus students living with more than two
other people could be faced with eviction. if Albany
opts for stricter enforcement of a zoning ordinance
known as the “grouper law”, city officials said
Wednesday.

The city is currently looking at stricter enforce-
ment of the Albany “grouper law" as a possible
solution to problems cited by homeowners in the
Pine Hills “student ghetto" area, according to
Mike Alvaro. acting director for Code Enforce-
ment. The ordinance states that no more than three
unrelated peoplc.may occupy a rental unit at one
time.

Residents in the Pine Hills area have said that
“lifestyle conﬂicts" cause differenes of opinion
between homeowners and students. Some
homeowners have complained that problems with
parking. litter. noise, and deterioration of rcntcd
houses, are destroying the character of their
neighborhood.

The city's Code Enforcement Bureau is “in the
process of trying to nail down the status of student
housing" in Albany, said Karlcen Karlson, director
of the Off-Campus Housing Office.

“A lot of student apartments are being visited."
Karlson reported.

Alvaro said that inspectors would be canvassing
neighborhoods within the next five or six weeks to
gather information for further study by City Hall.
and threatened that eviction of some tenants living
in violation of the “grouper law" is “always a
possibility."

Many students said they were not informed of the
law when they moved into their houses.

“How am i supposed to know about that law? i
looked at a lot of houses before i moved off but
who would think of going to look up a zoning or-
dinance like that...my landlord never told me,"
said one student living in the Pine Hills area.

Alvaro contended that other solutions besides
more rigid enforcement of the ordinance were also
being discussed. but declined to mention specifics.
He doubted that a repeal of the “grouper law" is
possible.

Director of Residential Life John Mnrtonc
estimated that over 4,500 students live “on their
own" off-campus. Most live in the Pine Hills arcn,
sketchin bordered by Washington. New Scotland.
North Lake. and North Allen Avenues.

in the past. the city has not rigidly enforced the
“grouper law", apparently leading many landlords
to rent apartments to more than three unrelated
people at one time. \

Lack of enforcement of the “grouper luw", has.

 

according to city officials. led to the overall
degeneration of housing in the city.

Total enforcement of the "grouper law" or-
dinance would cause ovcr 1000‘ students to be
displaced. said Karlson, who contended that “there
simply isn’t” enough housing available to absorb
these students. Albany currently has a vacancy rate
of less than two percent.

"We're not looking to throw anyone out." main-
tained Alvaro. adding. however. that “ifpeople are
living in violation of the law there is always a
possibility" of evictions occurring.

SA Vice President Suzy Aulctta said the inspec-
tors will target buildings that are “obviously stu-
dent houses." '

“Community people aren't happy," said Aulct-
ta. “They want the law enforced. They’re putting
pressure on the city," she said. '

Shc cited problems with garbage and parking as
reasons for the pressure on the city government to
“do something."

“It’s a general displeasure with people in
general" that is causing homeowners to complain,
asserted Alvaro. “it's not just students." he added.

“We’re concerned with the density of individuals
in our neighborhood." said Pine Hills
Neighborhood Association President Bill Phillips.
contending, "there’s no simple solution to the
problem.“

Phillips said that he was in favor of “selective cn-
forccmcnt" of the grouper ordinance wherever a
house in violation becomes a problem.

“We want the residential character (of the area)
maintained," he said.

“There is a good portion of the students that we
don't have trouble with," said Alvaro.

Karlson said she didn't think the city government
would make any major changes in policy towards
the “grouper law" and student housing this year.
She said she believes that. if changes are made.
students will have time to plan accordingly.

Both Aulcttu and Karlson emphasized that. ifan
apartment or house contains more than three
students. the residents should not attempt to hide it.

"There’s really no way they (the city) could not '
noticc." Aulctta stressed.

"if i were a student l'd do my very best to
cooperate" with the Bureau inspectors. said
Alvaro. adding that students should “divert atten-
tion away" from themselves by keeping their pro-
perties garbage-free. and by keeping the noise level
down.

Knrlson said students should not lie or attempt to
conceal the number of people living in an
apartment.

is»

 

   
 
  
   
  

 
   
 

 

._. -va—we.

 
 
       
       
      
     
     
      
   

