 

  

 

 

 

 
  
   
    
   
   
   
     
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
 
      
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
      
 
    
 
   
     
   

 

iremember ‘
when you opened ydur mouth
too small . ‘ ‘ .
for the silent ‘meows
that slipped '
like pllffs of air
past the whiskered corners
of your mouth,
' your ,
truck-going~down~the~street '
purrs.
always happy with everything
' ' that moved
and when i'd follow
the raccoon stripes of your tail
- .that so gracefully
p climb your spine, .
i'd lose you
in the browns of the house
where you were camouﬂaged
by calico.
you holler political "maos"
for meows now,
still believing you' were a frog
in your last life,
sleep in my bed
with your head on the pillow
that used to be
your bed.
jaris,
i can't wear you
like a mink stole
to sleep
you've grown long
slim
and lithe,
but i'll tell you a secret -
everytime i cradle you
i try and squeeze you
back into kitten,
every'
time...

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

CAPITAL ENTERTAINMENT
IN CONJUNCTION with
arms BSA 0F
RENSSELAER POL YTECHNIC’INSTITUTE
INVITE YOU TO COME

  
 

JUMP with
THE POINTER SISTERS

SEPT 26 AT 8:00PM

 

 

ATTHE RPI FlELD HOUSE

All. TlCKETS S l3.50 RESERVED

 

" and an FIELD House cox OFFICE .

   
 

 

 
    
 

 
 
   

 
  
  

 

 

available at ilckotron - community box office

    
   

' SEPTEMTER 21, 1904

 

\l'illiam In .1 Trem‘lu‘oat,

(A Sonnet Revenge)

sonnet
little boy‘girl?
pent a meter in my head
like a quutrain my couplet
come now,
sweets for the sweet

if you say you Will...

DON’T want
HLONE
ORIEuTaTIou

 

 

   

SEWENBER 24.1984 (

 

lament”. --u..~.....r—4.,.w. .r . ... . . .. .. ..

     

SEPTEWER 21 , 1984

 

 
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  

’ Nightnoise'
mixes tradition, .
eXpIOta ti on '

'ightnoise, a new Windham I Hill
Records release by Billy Oskay and
_Michael O'Domhnaill is a collabora-
' ' ion of two distinct musical voices. Biily
o kay is a lifelong student of classical violin
ho grew up surrounded by American folk
usic, pop and jazz. Michael O’Domhnaill
as been deeply involved with traditional
A rish and Gaelic music.

What happens when two such artists get
ogether with a record label known for its
iversity, experimentation and personally
' xpressive music is analbum such as
' ightnoise, a warm, evokative album full of

urpnses.

The title track. and first song on the
lbum, is very clearly a composition of
V skay's, someone who was not only raised

ith classical and folk but surrounded by the
ounds of commercially successful music.

Nightnoise‘ opens with a quiet high-
. tched tremelo on the violin. This delicate
trembling note extends through time, voic-
ing the emptiness of the night and the an-
ticipation of its limitless possibilities.

This anticipation is answered by a simple
melodic piano sneaking in over the fading
violin —- a folksy, three note theme upon
which the rest of the composition is built. A
bass and guitar join in to fill out the pleasant,
upbeatsound. The violin returns, strongly
thistime, and with greater range than the
opening. Oskay’s improvisations voice varia-
ons on the melody as the other instruments
am," with each other, together responding
'_ to and complementing the solo violin, "

‘ As this jam reaches its strongest moment,
on one sudden beat, the guitar, bass and
piano drop to mere whispers and the violin
shifts into its quiet opening vibrato. The
music empties out into the stillness of the
‘ ight.
’ Waiting, holding one delicate tremulous
"’note, the violin is answered as the ensemble
g returns and builds into another rich ex-
change. Finally fading into a last extended

Whisper, the violin carries Nightnoise to its

conclusion.

‘1‘“. This selection reveals Billy Oskay’s

, gnusical diversity. His sound is a shifting mix-
"l‘ure of folk, classical, jazz and pop, both in
mposition and technique. Oskay grew up
nd studied around Woodstock, New York,
here there is a strong folk music communi-
. He began classical violin training at age
ven, has a Masters in music, and studied
amber music with virtuo violinist Eugen
okop. And most recently, he's been play-
3 with Everything’s lake, a popular jazz
’ wing band in Oregon.

While Oskay's Nightnoise features
ements of folk, classical and sophisticated
épop sounds, Michael O'Domhnaill's Bridges
' learly reflects his strong rootd in traditional
Einsh music. His parents were noted musi-

ans of traditional Gaelic music, and while
,i' college he formed a band which explored
' odern interpretations of old Gealic songs.
e has also worked extensively with
eknowned fiddler Kevin Burke.
‘ A 'Domhnaill's compositions breathe the
3 eavy air of the irish countryside and
hisper ancient Gaelic secrets into his str-

gs, keys and reeds.
Bridges Opens with a Violin‘and guitar
uet. The music is slow and melancholy, but
in a way that is extraordinarily rich and sen-
‘tive. One 'cannot listen to this and
O'Domhnaill’si other compositions without
 experiencing their evokative, impressionistic
:‘ qualities. Bridges opens you up, almost
;‘ demanding a response to its somber beauty;
The opening guitar and violin are joined
by a whistle —- that's the way it's listed on
‘ the album — which sounds breathier than a
recorder and earthier than a flute.
O'Domhnaill's whistle blows through his

l‘


   
    
   
  
     
   
   
  

 

rs.

  

‘

    
   
 
   
  
  

 At Th TP

 

-....au 2‘ a“ . ﬂaw w.

 

Vinyl Views

Of Windham Hill 

 

 

Billy Oskay and Micheal O Domhnaill

  

 

 

‘ owwlrish roots/End the-earth. water,- 'win’di-

to the spirit of Galileo.”

From the liner notes of Aerial Boundaries:

"The telescope was invented in 1608 by a Dutch
lens grinder, Hans Lippershay. One day Lippershay
discovered accidentally that by putting lenses at
both ends of a tube and then putting the tube up to
his eye, he could view things ’close up.’ He called
this device a locker, and thought it would be useful
in war. Galileo got hold of one,-improved it a litle,
and then used it himself to challenge prevailing
ideas about the solar system. This music is dedicated

 

and emotionality of his musical invention
and sensitivity to nature.

The guitar begins to form into a simple,
gentle reﬂective repitition, which turns out
to be a kind of theme from whichthe rest of
the piece develops. The still, melodic pattern
of the guitar gives way to a series of musical
exchanges betWeen the violin, whistle, piano
and guitar.

During this part of Bridges the music
travels a great deal, as if each exchange Were
part of a greater journey. Each exchange
takES the music over new terrain without
ever losing the .sarthy. in; mimetic.
' hudlifié?” ofvthe‘lp'lkéf 'Final y, ‘ali'nost

 

 

 

magically, the enemble returns home, fading
into the simple, still guitar- melody ,fr'On
whence it came.

O’Domhnaill and Oskay complement
each other well throughout Nightnoise._Both
are superb musicians driven to very'ex-
-pressiVe and creative music. Their diverse
musical backrounds give each artist a "sound
:of his own," which adds to the richneSS Of
sthe’ album.

1- Nightnaise is the kind of an album that's
beautiful without being trite and'mindiess?
easy;to listen to, yet subtle, complex and
"un jke .anything else. it's one of those

 

‘io themmthabearund: n 

Hedges explores”
his musical
j boundaries

‘ is Classical training began at age four.
HHe learned to play jam in high

school band. He's been strongly in-
ﬂuenced by The Beatles, Neil Young and
Joni Mitchell. After college he discovered
the endless possibilities of modern classical

and electronic music, studying Bela Bartok

and John Cage.

 

Louis Lewis

 

Several years ago he found a home at the
young Windham Hill record label. He
released Breakfast in the Fields, his ﬁrst
album. and began touring with the likes of
Will Ackerman. George Winston. Alex dc
Grassi and Shadowfax.

Michael Hedges’ newest album, Aerial
Boundaries, is a masterpiece. Rarely is
such a musical gem found that combines
such ubiquitous musical diversity as
described above with with the ability to
mold it into a unique sound and execute it
with skill and style. Aerial Boundaries is
awesome.

As on Breakfast, Hedges alters the tun-
ing of his acoustic guitar on this album.
Each guitar is tuned uniquely to the com-
position it plays. Hedges explains. “The
compositions themselves end up dictating
the initial tuning and i make changes along
the way.“

The opening song, Aerial Boundaries, is
a multi-layered composition for acoustic
guitar. it is as much a rhythmic explora-
tion ﬁth the guitar as a musical one.
Hedges opens with a light, slightly atonal
repetitive picking which, oddly enough.
drives a sharp rhythm throughout thr
composition.

Around this rhythmic thread with its
pretty but unsettling harmonies Hedges
weaves layer upon layer of superb guitar
work. He builds a quiet melody which
plays in and out of the initial harmonies.
He attacks with plucking bass notes which
ring out against the light steely rhythm. He
creates intricate melody/rhythms which
build into crashing crcccndos, dissolving
into the incessant rhythmic theme which.
light and subtle as it is, drives Aerial Boun-
daries from start to ﬁnish. .

The last song on the ﬁrst side is different
from anything else on the album -— it’s
Hedges“ interpretation in a guitar/bass
due! of Neil Young's After the Gold Rush.
The piece is extremely slow and deliberate.
Mike Manning’s stretchy bass carries the
melody while Hedges skirts around him
with short riffs and chord changes. The
guitar's altered tuning with its unusual
harmonies and Hedges' light touch con~
irast with the plodding melodic bass. it’s
an interesting attempt at reworking
Young's composition that results in an ex-
pressive and unique piece of music.

The second side opens with probably the
hottest cut on the album, aptly named Ho!
Type, which Hedges says was inspired by a

l . friend's typewriter. it jumps in with a low,

fast plucky blues riff, with Hedges bending
the notes in blues fashion to endow them
with a playfully mournful voice. Over this
he builds other layers of fast-paced
melodies, but with harmonics that begin
ﬂying in all different directions. like the
different letters being-hammered out by his
'inspiring' machine. Hot Type is an ex-
plosive tune — over before you know it
but imposiblc to forget. P

Following Hat Type is one of the
albums "big hits, " Spare Change. Hedges
attributes new music composer Steve Reich
as a crcativeiflucncc on this composition,
which features replaya of taped acoustic

.Lilgathc title track, ihisyiece opens with

 

Lhid'hient_sy_yhen the work of an artist appeals. H
thousand ‘ ' D » a.-wmwn..w:w  is. .. .Av...x.'n_m“md mfg, .

 

 "

and electric guitars ’— played backwards, 

 

