 
  

   
 
   

i

 

 

it . i
3. i.
t '-.
t
‘. it
i i
V 1’
~i

b

 

 W‘s-a; L. -

    

 



A__ A. mg”, s...

  
  

~M

 m,¢...,f—~..t \p’xr-Bra

m:’P~1‘~I-ﬁtanrze’wmx‘¢mw¢hw

    

 “.ld'ASPECTS: ON TUESDAY

ne is. it seems never just greeted b
v 5'
Dick Wood; but Instead presented
. . with a formidable choice of impres-
sions. From his broad 6'4" frame emanates a

sturdy. familiar voice.
quintessential anchorman‘s depth and
po. a cadence he seems to carry with

when he leaves the set of WTEN‘s local news
geometric
countenance is highlighted by a prognathus
law. The penetrating glance that punctures a
televisioncamera and spears its way Into

broadcast. A- classical

thousands of homes every evening

counters little resistance. He possesses a- full
head of genetically endowed hair. which
seems to be eternally constituted. Ah. the

visitor wonders. so this Is television.

possessing ' that '

 

 

I . - ‘ . MAY 1. 1984

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

tem~
him

Ell-

 

Joe Fusco
Dick Wood's .offlce is a mod it -
pointed. intimate cubicle withsiny fl:

necessary vIcintity of the studio where he
pivotal component of a highly respec
newscast.

the

pie atmosphere is conducive for the are
most enduring and popular newsman. O

notices. however. tltat it is wttliout the osten-
tatious adorninents that otte associates with
)roduces '

Brinkleys. aitd Rathe'rs. people ofc'c'b'lekl‘lllati'
phrase.“ Wood
fit our minds
what a celebrity is It's very difficult for me to

a business that

. status "lt's art overdone
protests. "We tend to create

see myself as a celebrii ' '
Yurk' y itt Albany, Nc

lf peoplcI want to put me iii a celebrity

status. well. that's alright I don't like to so
myself in that .vein because i tltiiik tltal

cronies aii ego problem. and when people iii
our business develop an ego problem they're
impossible to work with. I‘ve seen it all And

the camera will pick it up."
Dick Wood has been comfortably iii fruit

of tltat camera since 1963. He's been a part

of journalism. both on the radio and ii
television broadcasting. for over 30 years
His steady voice. augmented by

to admit.
have been In television. because I found my
niche. I've got 2! years of doing something I
truly love. How many people get to do
something they thouroughly enjoy? Most of
us are not that lucky."

It's no surprise that Wood considers
himself lucky. He has been “a survivor" In a
profession that can be "cruel." a profession
that has sent many aspirants to that dustbin
of iournailsm. oblivion. Luck has been with
him on other occasions. also. Three close
brushes with death have left him with a pro
found respect for the medical profession
and It Is with doctors and medical resear:
chers that Wood places the faith of his most
fervent hopes for the future-cures for cancer
and heart disease. "I am keenly aware of the
importance of good health.' he says. "I've
seen cancer take some good people." And
these days he finds himself contemplating

religion and God "and His relationship to
man s insistence on self-destruction. The
reality is that somethlng could happen and
we need a strong sense of balance."

His hands will continue moving
throughout the conversation. as if the
absence of a camera precluded his point

It‘s a quiet place where Wood
takes the time to prepare himself for a hectic
daily routine. "I like it back here. It's a place
where i can get away from the commotion of
neWSroom." he explains as he passes
through the doorway of the office. The sim-

rhythmic movement of his hands. rings hell]:
tily amidst the thirty years of momentos con~
signed to the four walls of his office. “I have
my happiest years in the industry

is a
ted

 

 

a's
"e

W

c
it

t

1

“That's the whole thi

sounding terribly trite. thg' fzfllilihiollli'; ff
When it's all over. we'll be the first one'spt '
say. ‘That was a beautiful newscast' It sun "
and if it wasn't on target. sure we're disag'
painted. but we promise ourselves to m 

g the next one better. because we care " a e

for news‘ sake and the financial
on any Journalistic enterprise has formed the

pressures put

core of heated de
How far should
whims of ec
the line? '
two."

hate for quite some time.
Journalism bend to the
“gnomlcs? Where does one draw
ou can't really intertwine th
e

Wood replies. “A good example

 

on who Is going to win what base
returns and sophisticated fittitiltlas "i r

slsts. It may turn somebody's WILL, w ""
lm more that a little bit skeptical .ib.,'i"'u"d
;ngdthe gun. I'm not happy with it u min?
In]... though. direct restriction t|lIilL’ triglitun'.)

d on early

A direct restriction. perhaps .t lllllL'tnti i
the forefront of everyone‘s mind. iS ilif'm
cent ban 'on press coverage of the initiallJ';
Invasion of Grenada. Wood is hesith
lump on the bandwagon of journalists (u U
foul. “It's a very tricky situation If we tver'Z-m'g
allowed to go In. we’re blaming the pitllllcnl
structure. On the other hand. if we win
allowed In - and we're not trained soldi'c're
—- and we get Ourselves killed. who's wrong
there." Wood wonders. in a tone remintsg
cent of the open-ended nttiiiilpticiiy Witt
which that particular issue has been '
and argued. mug"

[J (J it

Although he occasionally lt-ans forward in
his chair. as if to ensure that his thoughtsar~
rive at a listener's ear with the
which they originated. he thlt"; not titlget
The poise and coniposuie arc vaguely
familiar. Perhaps the years hate welded the
two Dick Woods:
camera.

same force

 

on«caiiii'ia and off-

One does not sense. litiwuu’t that Wonti
is ‘on guard' On the contrary it.) is ill] or
trovert — an extrovert with poise i\it ex-
trovert with composure. Often llt' toll sctilu

back. The chair will groan And lliwl in, .i
moment. the visitor catches a lit" » x w it liltill
Dick Wood's eye. “I do t'illt' lw iii~i«.i~

"who's running the country In it “illllt'
don't ptit someone too i‘lmi' 'i ‘ t" -
.who's goirtg to blow us into i l V
"Personalities got iii llli’ u. t‘. » t
sotttclimes at the polls That i v i i t 
are limited to two or tint-iv it.
have to zero Iii on them iilttl i: » .
are the three ItititlL’lS. that ttlir' ‘ i‘ t i
that one 'l‘hcy might not llt' it. : ‘-:iit
people for the job. but tlt system \ ‘ l‘i‘t’
are the three. take 'cm or leave 't’ll" at.” lll
find a little bit sad. really. llL't'illl‘rt' il I'lt' itti'
probably people out there who Ilttlil hate
the proper finances. the prtipct‘ p4 illllt .il t'itll’
nections to put themselves titlii the
spotlight. . . they're never going to gut llltll
opportunity because they weren't part at the
right system to put them at the right stint at
the right time. However.our system. as op-
posed to others such as [ran and l.lliyti. is

 

l‘ '
[have Very mixed emotions about the ratings

 
     

If good quality work is not being recognized
I
that tells me something about the ratings ”

The devotion to a certain level of perfec-
tion has not gone unnoticed. Last year the
New York State Associated Press voted
WTENs Action News'the best local news
program in New York state. a fact which
.WTEN has no qualms about promoting
Promotion is terribly important." Wood in:
slsts. "It's absolutely vital that we do it. If you
have a good product. you want to boast
about it. you want to say. ‘hey. look at what ‘
we ve got.’ Still. (“according to whose book
you look at." he cautions)WTEN's newscast
is affected by the capriciousness of the
ratings game.‘ Hegemony Is not alwa 5
taken for granted. How does Wood accouht
for the discrepancy. however slight. between
critical success and popular response? “Well

:2 Lhat marquee . . ." Okay. it’s dil/erent if

ed “73m opening. it 5 news if traffic Is snarl-
. congestion results in

cidents. and it's the I one or 'wo ac.

Owner. l'm sorry.

that m
:lear-cut journalism an has sacrmmd
ad."

for business and that's

Quality In Journal'

I ism.
tttudes. values. When“?
‘bad' Is an area

 

from getting across. ft is not the case.
however. as the visitor confronts an atten-
tiveness and verbal emphasis that testify to
30 years experience. Yet for all the stories he
tells. the anecdotes he relates. the successes
hes had. and the people he's met. Dick
Wood is grateful — grateful for the oppor-
tunities and the people that surround him.
Whether or not he's developed an ego or
whether or not he's a celebrity. his
straightforward. ungarnlshed pattern of
speech is peppered with unselfish praise for
the people he works with. "Very rate over
the years have i had a cpllectlon of people
that l've like so much. l'm proud them. i may
be the guy who fronts all this. but they're the
nuts and bolts of it all. That's what the team
is about.

temperate pragmatism is
points. Journalism has '
with successes like Wa'
backs: falsified Pulitzer

the {Associated Press is saying 'That's the
one. That's the greatest amount of to
anyone in our business can get. for youy
peers to Judge you in that way. i won't sar
its more important than the ratings — that:
self-defeating: It is nonetheless vital.

quick to make his
in the past. along
tergate. suffered set—
Prize winning stories

“l have very mixed emotions a
ratings. if good quality work is nbfulfelr'le
recognized. that tells me something abou'f
the ratings. l'm not saying that they're not
necessary. They are a barometer — an I
dlcator. And it's very fickle." n.

Ah. but business is busine
television stations

. Will we be faced with

a
3
m
-.
§_
5'
re
‘3
m
..
n
m
a
1

mother vote tabulated

s—exa '2 t- -
good question." m'ned' Thals a

understand why they tip th

as and. naturally Speak' 5') we" 'n advance‘

 

are concerned abo t
ratio 5 r ' u
"5'" g'eiue to thehimpact on potential adver— "If you h' '
g enue. T ls dilemma between news televisi ave" ' W'ed ye' "I'd ynu 'um "
on (in “I

and somebody is specul'iting
. i

still. In my mind. the best but " Wood

becomes silent. undoubtabiy certain that lllS

words have sunk in.

The visitor asks the man of cka‘titfttt‘L'.

the man of temperate pragmatism what title.

What the world. should expect from educa~

tion. The man who has ‘been there' answers.

tinhesttatingly. for the visitor who ‘hasn't.’
earn enough that you can pmvttlc for
your family and loved ones and be satisticd

that the knowledge may not give W'U

eVerhlng you expected it was going to."

says Wood. He insists. “There Is no Utopia
after four years of College. It just isn't there

Getting out and getting a feel for Wtitk. '30"

ting that paycheck. and taking it home is

great.”

lsn’t educatlo more than just a means to

earning a paycdbck?

“Of course It Is. Education is the founda-
tion for what lies ahead. whether it be tniii-
Puters. Journalism. or medicine. It's the key
and without it. you've lost the hallgattie "

[J ['J "
Time Is running out. at least on this cVL‘tttttll'5
conversation. Dick Wood is aware of time.

Sware of his profession. and now flil'

lalogue swings Into cherished reverie of ex
periences past and expectations future "It's

a rather unpredictable business where not!
realizes the fragility. l've walked it mtln‘t
Comfortably for 21 years in television and
nine in radio.

‘I ve been number twr). i've been itlttlil‘”
u"e- bl" you work hard for that. Never low
Sight of that fact.

::lt's better being number one.

But be accurate. honest, and do the limt
Wu can."

MILES} W031] glances at his watclt. t'Kt’ll‘it“!
hi] . aii heads for the work that itwitih
it. confident that be will "make it shut "

Again. ' ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

MAY 1. 1984

 

 

 

catch the shadow of a rose
in yawning eyes
with thorned lashes
that tear at flesh
like a wolf's paw on fleece

 

' . THE GIFT OF FLOWER

erspe

 

 

 

  
 
 
 
  

 

 

 when we shared the bed

your eyes secretly clawed my own
until the green in my eyes

stond out against the red drippitig

down
my
face

 

 

 

 

 
  

i thought
it was the

touch me
but now i know

 
 

price i paid
for letting you be the first one to

it is the price i pay
for smelling the roses.

MICHELLE KRELL

 

    
       
     
   
 

 

ctive’s

 

 
  
  
  
 

 

ASPECTS on masonic

A Bitter PiL? I; 

I like John Lydon. Maybe I wouldn't care

to share ati apartment. or even an
elevator. with him. but trespect what he's

musically — or non-musically - about.

Tom Prehoda

Lydon. iii case you‘ve forgotten (or never
noticed) was once Johnny Rotten. the slimy
clioiiteitr with the now unfamous Sex Pistols.
The Pistols. with pig-sticker precision. tore
open the bloated carcass of Swinging London.
exposing Ilit.‘ rotting pretentious of a culture
that liiid gotten too hip (or its own good Their
befuddletneiit. iiaivute. and ostentatious
ttiltllistit paved the way fot the current hi-tech
headbangcts wiIlt theri pre-torn designer
sweatshirts and $5“ rooster dons. 'l‘echnrr
punk is a direct outgrowth of what the Pistols
were doing. only sweetened for mass cont
suntption lli'ni'e it's mote acceptable. but at
the same ltttiL’ less siiitete. and for the most
pail hollow .ttttl ubiii i\it nits lf Sid Vicious was
lliL' messiah llf lllt' pititk i'siiilillsltttit'til r dy-
ltig fill their .itttiisi'itwtil then Lydon ltas ll)
hi.- llll' l'alst-iff figitic. llll‘ one who figured his
l5 tittttttlt's \\'Il’ tip and ulst'ly exited stilgL’
tight ltlttitk thiit's why I ti-spi't’t him ~ sort of.
l’m it llll' l'tsttils find stink ttigi'tltci’ l tlitttbt
Wlll'llil'l thi'v‘il now luv distiiigtiisltahle from
lltnaii lttuait ni any of tho oilii-i r-oitipuler
tiituti-isgliiinniithi-tailiu \iileowat'i-s Lydon
didn't still ottt l'itll l't’llllt'l did he keep his
tlililllll sltiit Not. I \Illilttmt'. could he.

'I'Itat's ulty lltt‘tt"~ l'lillllt' ttnagc Limited.
l')ll. bit short. and that's \\ll\.' this album (‘iood
ptittk ts nevi-r slick. and this album never is It's
ht‘itluti. alnasnu. and offensive as hell liti-
agiitu your giiitttlttiolhct listening to
"Religion" ("The tll‘tl titles were eleven / Now

 

 

there's a sod in heaven"). Picture the
bewilderment of your Menudo-loving little
slslter sitting through the “PIL Theme." a
screaming. ambling procession of distortion.
Thliik of yourself buying this album and play-
lng It straight through. Think you're up to it?

Be warned: this Isn't the Pistols —— no smug-
ly clever lyrics. almost no books. Most of these
"songs" are harrowing panoramas of anger
and confusion that keel-haul the listener'. forc-
Iitg hltii to participate or alienating him com-
pletely. Some say it's like the Stooges. sonte
detect Yoko Ono ittfluences' i say this is what
a batid called PIL is suing at the moment.
Show them some respect. - ' T

 

The Mall Of The Living Dead .

teve's mouth was‘moving as he came
S running to my car. motlonittg for me

to roll dowtt my window. “I just heard
on the radio that the first five people who go
with their gas caps to the bank at Crossgntes
get live dollar gift certificates for Getty gas!
Let's go!"

David Singer

 

Steve and l were picking up his car at Sears
in Colonie Center Mall; Crossgutes Matt was
three miles away. I followed Steve's car as he
barreled onto the Northway heading south.

We got off the Northway at the Crossgates
Mall road exit. This place has its own exit on
the Northway. I thought; they mean business.

As we pulled into the jammed parking lot. I
noticed that the concrete extravaganza was
surrounded by American flags. Appropriate.
for we were about to enter the newest of
America's shopping paradises. With three
malls within a three mile radius in the Capital
District. you really get the feeling that malls are
America.

By the time I found a spot. I wasn‘t In the
mood to sprint to the bank for a gas coupon.
so l hustled into the mail so that I'd have 3
chance of finding Steve.

 

Entering the mall. I was immediately

swallowed up by a horde of people. The [700'
pic moved around like the zombies iii Dawn 0/
the Dead. In the movie. the dead come back
to life (which is. of course. what zombies are
known for). and are drawn to two things
the llvitig people which they feed on. and
shopping malls.

The only difference I could see was that the
zombies at Crossgates didn't have blue faces

Within seconds it was clear to me that Steve
and i would never see each other again.
unless it by chance. I began to look around the
mall. and l was surprised by the decor.
Crossgates is tastefully decorated. not at all
gaudy like i expected. Looking up. i thought.
it‘s nice that this is the kind of malt where kids
don't spit down from the second floor.

l began to realize. as I continued along the
first floor. that although I had been walking for
quite a distance. I still hadn't come to the end
of the mall. I looked dowtt at my handy
Crossgates directory and noticed that l was
only halfway across the first level. I also notic~
ed that Crossgates has “over 160 shops." iii-
cludlng 18 places to buy shoes. Their slogan is
"More For You." and it's not false advertising,
Most of the 160 shops are already open. but
there are still, plywood walls that say "Coming
'Soon -—- " followed by the name of the store»
to-be.

Although the crowds were dense. the traffic
was flowing steadily. Suddenly. there was a
commotion Out from the middle of the crowd.
came a chi|d~simd robot that insulted people.
married them. and blasted "Billie Jean". The
robot had attracted a large crowd. and it told
them that it's name was FUBAR. It's an
acronym for Fucked Up Beyond All Rccgni-
tion. which I'm sure the Pyramid Corporation
(wlticli owns (,‘rossgutusl was not aware of

After tlwl robot aitd his entourage had pass
ed by. l was finally able to reach the glass
elevator at the Caldnr side of Ilie mall. lgot - r:
at the second flintl. ttltzch was more crowded
than Ills: first. Although the floor was shaking
(Pyramid says that the shaking 'absrn‘bs‘ tcw
sion'). it was the home of the Food Court

Before I could enter the Court. however. I
caught a glimpse of Steve and called out to
him. He didn" hear me above the crowd. so I
went after him. I knew that l'd be able to find
the restaurants again. which was more than I
could say for finding Steve.

After Steve expressed his happiness at see-
ing me. he whipped out his $53 gift certicaie to
Getty. and told me that he was the fifth person
to get to the batik with a gas cap.

As we began to discuss our options for din«
her we ran itito Larry. Mike and Kelly. friends

 

 

who had just finished eating. They had eaten
in Pnppa Raul. the Italian restaurant on the
first floor. because they wanted a meal. not
just a snack. Besides. Kelly figured that it
would have a bathroom. because she had
panicked when they saw the sign iii th ntall
that said. "Coming Soon »— Resiroon‘ts."

We decided to go with the snacks tilt the se-
cond floor. but weren't sure what we should
get or where to get it. A piua potato. at "One-
l’uititii-'l‘wo."a chocolate-covered pretzel at
"Hot Sam Pretzels." or something from one of
the other restaurants offering "specialty"
foods.

After eating. we decided to go to a movie.
figuring that there had to be at least one good
«me playing at the mall‘s tenplex theatre. After
passing about twti tons of popcorn. we made it
it) out theatre and enjoyed the film.

The mall was still open when the movie let
out. so it took a while to make it to the exit. I
began to breathe easy again as I stepped out-
side. only to realize that l Iiad no idea where
my car was. it took me about Iialf an hour until
I decided that l was In the wrong lot. and
about half an hour more to find my cat.

Soon I was safe on Washington Avenue.
about a mile from campus: 1 wasn't sure it 1
ever wanted to go back to (.‘tossgiites. but I

1had a feeling that I'd have to '

 

 
 

     
 
 
 
 

0H no! LOOK AT THIS!

 

        
 
      
    
       
      
     
 

     

 

o'lstii R.A.H_AYE

 
  

 

t THE
DEﬁk'SSSTRUC

     

nitrite

 

 

 

      

How MANY MORE VICTIMS
WILL THIS FIEND CLAIM?

         

 

 

 
  
         

 

  

