  
 
 
 
  
    
 
   
  
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

2 ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS l i TUESDAY MA Y I. I984

 

 

NEWS BRIEFS

Erratqu

Cops to enter embassy

‘ London. litre/um
(Al’) The flag came down at llie l.ibyan lini-
bassy and police squads prepared to go inside
Monday to search for explosives. firearms
arid clues in the killing of a Ilritish
policewotnan. .

Authorities feared botnbs may lune been
planted in the embassy and strengthened a
poliu.‘ cotdoti "to prevent any member of tile
public gelling anywltere near the holding." a
spokesman for thc Scoltand Yard said.

Saudi Arabian diplomats now looking
after Libyan interests in Britain were ex-
pected to monitor the search. which was to be
conducted by police e\pcrls in bombs.
ballisics. l'igerprints. scctte-of-ct'ittte prohcx.‘
electronic tnoiitoritig arid chemistry.

I’olicewoman Yvotine l‘lclcher was killed
April l7 by a gtititttari firing front tlte cm-
liassy at a crowd of demonstrators opposed
to the regime of I ibyau Ictttlcl ('ol. \Ioam-
tnct ls'liadal‘y. lilcicn protesters were wound-
ctl.

 

the slaying led to an l'l‘llil) police siege
and the breaking of diplomatic relations by
llritain. which took effect at midnight Stut-
tlav

Chernenko seen

.llmeuw
(Al’) Konstantin ll. ('licrnenko has moicd
frequently itito the public eye this month.
following thccvauiplc of his pattott I could i.
llrc/linc/ iti stamping itis image on tile ttiitids
of Soviets.

Ilis picture has beett featured tiitic litncs itt
Ill days on the from page of tire (‘otmtiuuist
I’arty daily l’ravda.

Meetings with visitors from Poland.
l’inlattd. (ircece and ltidia have been cm ercd
prominently by the news tnedia. llis writings
are “ell-displayed itt bookstores attd he often
is piclttt'yd oti Soviet television.

Nationwide «.

 

Court does not rule

lt’uvltirtelmt. l).(‘.
(Al’) the Supreme ('ourt Monday cleared
the way for conservative political action com~
tnittces to spend as much as $20 million to
help rc-elcct President Reagan this year.

The justices. alto earlier Iliis moullt agreed
to' study whether such I’ACs ntay spetid
utilirttitcd amounts of money to back a
presidctttial candidate. refused to decide tlte
issue iti time for this year's cauipaign. That
means l’A(‘s may operate without restric-
tiotis sought by the Democratic Party.

The Democrats had asked the cottri to
resolve the spending cotilroversy in July.

The Democrats and the Federal lilcction
Conniiission are challenging a lower court's

 

 

- ruling that struck down a federal law limiting

Free listings

The Young Democrats will meet
Thursday. May 3 at 6:30 pm. In
Humanities 23. They will discuss
the Summer Steering Committee
for Campaign'84.

“Campaign Politics" la the title
of the third Current Issue Forum
to be held Thursday. May 3 from
9:15 to 11:15 am. In the 3.
Legislative Olilce Building Hear-
Ing Room.

"Rachel Goes to the World's
Fair." a stage reading. will be
given by award-winning
playwright Leah K. Friedman.

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

The event will take place on
Thursday. May 3 at 8 pm. In the
Recital Hall of the Performing
Arts Center.

Gay Awareness Week events In.
clude a party on Tuesday. May 1
at 8:80 pm. In Campus Center
376. The Gay and Lesbian free.
Alliance will distribute literature
on the podium on Thursday. May

The Teaching and Advising
Awards Banquet will be held
Tuesday, May 1 In the Patroon
Room. There will be a cocktail State Is sponsoring a con.
hour Item 6 pm. to 7:30 pm. Dln-

tlic spetiditig of any political committee to
SHIN). r .

"0th appeals. grtitited review on April [6.
asked for a qttiek ruling bitt neither the party
nor the commission submitted a separate rc-
qucst for speedy review. Stieh a separate fil-
ing is required.

Democrats go south

- Merrtpluiv. Term.
(Al’) Walter Mondale. (iary Ilart and the

>Rev, .lcs‘sc .Iacksoti are storming throtrgli

Tennessee Monday iti pursuit of the 65 ria-
tionai convention delcgtilc at stake Tuesday
irt its Democratic presidential primary.

Also casting presidential ballots Tuesday
ttrc Democrats iii the District of Columbia.
where IS national convention delegates are til
stake arid \ihcrc Jackson is hoping to pick up
ltis first clear-cut primary victory.

Mondale returns to tire campaign trail
Monday after spending the weekend iii his
Washington ltome. venturing ottt otice to his
l).('. campaign headquarters to tiicet stip-
porters. to pledge support for home-rule for
the nation‘s capital. and to get iii a blast a‘
President Reagan.

Union may strike

I’utzvl/r/mtrv. N..l.
(Al’) Representatives of 21.000 supermarket
workers and four chains itt New York and
New Jersey are cotititittitig negotiations in an
attempt to avert a strike threatened for later
this week.

I ocal Ilol of the United Food and Com-
tticrcial Workers Union and the management
of 328 ShopRitc. l’alhmark. (irand Union
atid l~'oodtovvn stores scltcdttlcd a bargaining
session for today attd asked statc tnedialor
.Iolm I'csauro arid federal mediator Kenneth
Kowalski to join'tlic discussions. officials
said.

Local l262 notified management last week
that its members would strike ISlI to I90
ShopRile attd l’oodtowu stores on Tintrsday
or Friday if significant progress is not made
ltl\\ttt‘tl a contract scttleuicrit.

A walkout would not be called at
I’athtnark and (hand Union because the
ration does not watit to iticotivcnicnce sltttp-
pers too titttclt. said Local l262 spokesman
Frank Marg"otta. '

The union‘s last contract expired three
weeks ago. and tttiioti members have
previously authorized leaders to call a strike
if necessary. Ncgoitiatons started in mid-
March.

Aid bill relected

ll'uxltingimt. D. C.
(Al’) The House Appropriations (‘ommittct
is ignoring a Senate-approved package of

military arid undercover aid to brittle leftists-

in Central America and taking up a scaled-
down proposal to keep [it Salvador's army in
fighting trim for 30 days.

The Democrat controlled committee is ex-
,reeted to meet Wednesday to consider its
.l\\'i\ substitute for theRepubliean lcd Senate's
ttieasurc. which would provide $6I.7 million
in aid to the Salvadoran army and additional
funds to support guerrillas who are lighting
the leftist government of Nicaragua.

 

 

The House version does. not spell out a
dollar amount of Salvadoran aid but woulld
permit the administration to continue IIILI
present level of support for 30 days. or tint
the new presidctit - to tie chosen in a May 6

r" clcclioti - has ta ‘cn 0 rec. .
rvull"|r'e.'sidcnt Reagan has provided $32 million
in emergency aid for El Salvador by ti pro:
cedurc that bypasses (..‘ongrcss. but insists
that the full $6t.7 million is still needed to
keep the Salvadoran government from being
overrun by leftist guerrillas.

 



Tax cuts promised

Buffqu

(AI’) (Iov. Mario L'nomo promised small
busiticssuicti that they would see a cut iti stale
Iascs next year and that his administration
will work to hritig more lucrative defense
cotttracts to New York firms.

At a seminar to help small manufacturers
attd suppliers obtain more national defense

 

 

 

work. Ciiomo recalled that when he took of-
fice he faced a SI.8 billion bitdget dcfccit.

He noted that his administration hiked
taxes on cigarettes. liquor and real estate
deals while holding the litic on irieotue taxes.
corporate stiles taxes. and franchise taxes.
But he said the state's fiscal health has im-
proved and tax cuts are on the wtiy.

Cuomo names adviser

A l/mttv
(Al’) Mario Cuomo has appointed a long—
time advocate of building a domed stadium
in Brooklyn as a special adviser to the slaics's
Sportsplex Corporation.

The appointmettt of state Scti. Thomas
Bartosiewicz. D-Brooklyn. was tlltliolttlccd
Monday as Cuotno released a letter to the
senator confirming the appointment.

Ciromo said llartosiewicz‘s job would he
to serve as an utisalaried adviser to the cot-
poration and to Cuorno “in the areas at
sports economics attd sports facilities."

 

In the April 21 Issue 01 the ASP, the
page two photo was Incorrectly
credited to Adam Ginsberg. The photo
was taken by Dave Strick, UPS.

 

 

 

 

LISA SIMMONS UPS

It was sun and fun on Saturday as a crowd at over 2000 danced the day away at
OCA'a "Party In the Park.” The event. which featured performances by The Sharks
and The Steven Clyde Band, was so successful It pushed OCA $100 over its Income

 

to 9 pm.

nor will be served from 7:80 pm.

“Fantastic French Foreign
Films" series will show "Beauty
and the Beast“ on Tuesday. May
1 at 7:30 pm. In the Troy Public
Library Art Gallery. Admission Is

“Adventures ot Robin Hood". a

and Families."

under linear groups."

lllm. will be shown Wednesday.

May 2 at 8 pm. in the Campus
Center Assembly Hall. Admis-

slon Is free.

i

Council tor Chlldran of New York

terence lrorn Thursday. May a

theoretician.

l

through Saturday. May 5 at the
Albany Hilton. The first event
will be held on Thursday at 5:80
pm. and is entitled "Children

A Mathematics Colloquium will
be held on Friday. May 4 at 4
pm. In Earth Science 140. It Is
entitled "Measures Invariant

lzvetan Todorov will speak on
"Dialogue and Criticism" on
Wednesday. May 2 at 4 pm. In
Humanities 354. He Is an eml-
nent French critic and literary

Art and Technology In the
Medieval World Is the subject of
a symposium scheduled Friday
and Saturday May 4 and 5 at
Hudson Valley Community Col-
lege In Troy. Admission Is tree.
Antiquarian Book Fair will be
held on Saturday. May 5. from 10
am. to 5 pm. at the Albany tn-
stituta of History and Art. l25
Washington Avenue. Admission
Is $2.00.

“Ollver"wllt be shown on Sun-
day. May 6 at 1 pm. at the
Albany Public Library's main
branch. 161 Washington
Avenue.

 

’4

 

 

 

 

 

 

$800,000 awarded for
stadies of panic, phobias

By Ian Spelling
t'ls'tov Huron
Ah 5800.000 grant recently received by the SUNYA Center for stress
and anxiety disorders makes the center the highest funded anxiety
research facility of its kind in the country. acccordittg to Psychologist
David H. Barlow. the center‘s co-director.
The funds acquired from the National Institute of Mental Health
(NIMH) will allow the clinic to fiirlhcr their research of drug free
treatments for people who suffer from anxiety. Barlow said.
The money. Barlow explained. will be put towards realizing the goal
of “really understanding more frilly the nature of anxiety and stress.
how it affects people. and how we can better treat ll."
According to Dr. 'Jack Maser. chief of Psychopathology and
Clinical Methods at NIMH. “We consider the grant to be a program
project grant not a clinical research center grant."
In a program project grant. a clinic focuses on working with screen-
cd applicants to discover root causes of a phcnometion. rather than
treating as many patients as possible.
One of the major anxiety problems currently being studied at the
center is panic. “Panic is an interesting phenomenon because it has
really only been in the past three years that people are looking at this
seriously as something different." Barlow explained.
“People have been panicking for hundreds of years. probably
thousands. But up until recently people would just call it an atixiety at-
tack. They wouldn't copnsidcr it to be anything different from being
just generally nervous. Now we know that panic is actually something
very different frotn just general nerves or just general anxiety." he
said.
According to Barlow. new research developments and studies in-
dicate that panic scents to be inherited. “The tettdency to panic rutis iii
the family. So if you panic chances are someone in your family panics.
The people who have panic disorders. as we call it. seem to Iiavc dif-
ferent kinds of backgrounds. different kinds ol‘prccipitating factors to
their problems. So there is a whole host of differences that seem to oc-
cur." he said.

In addition to studying panic. the center focuses on specific
disorders such as agoraphobia (fear of leaving a “safe” place or per-
son). chronic anxiety. social phobia, and post traumatic stress disorder
(a syndrome that often afflicts combat veterans).

What separates the anxiety ccntcr frotn many others of its kian is its
emphasis on non-drug treatments of the various disorders. said
. Barlow. adding that the drugs used “are primarily the minor tran-
quilizers. valiutflind librtumﬁand things like that. We know from
many studies they are the most widely prescribed drugs in the world.
next to birth control pills. The problem is we know they do not work."
Barlow added that ifa drug does work, it only does so for a few weeks,
‘and in addition the drugs'have no affect on panic.

"Furthermore." Barlow continued. “we now also know something
we did not know five or eight years ago. And that is that these minor
tranquilizers we previously thought were harmless are actually addic-
tive for a lot of people. So you can become very dependent on minor
tranquilizers."

"Matty medical researchers have pointed at that the biggest drttg
problem iii the country is not teenagers smoking grass or doing
l..S.l).. it is middle aged wotncn taking tranquilizers who become
dependent on tlictii. We are testing out alternative approaches to treat
anxiety." he said.

i

According lojMaset'. "Not very many centers around the country
who look at disorders do it the way Barlow docs." Maser said that

I NIMH “supports research on the topic of disord . and while they

do not advocate drttg use it is considered a legititnatc form of treat-v
mcnt.

Barlow suggested that the large grant was a way of acknowledging

the severity of the prohietn of anxiety. in the seventies. he said. depres-

sioti was believed to ltavc been society's major problem. Now. he aid.
it is anxiety. Although stress is related to anxiety tlterc is a profound
difference. Barlow explained. “stress is just people goitig about their
business. getting too itivolvcd on their job. working too hard. or
tnaybc having a number of unfortunate circumstances in tiicir life.
And the pressures of life weigh on so that they develop real
physiological symptoms. hypertension. ulcers and headaches." he
asserted.

.I:

 

 

“Anxiety. on the other hand. is having the physiological symptoms.
They are under some stress. and they also feel very. very threatened.
So there is this disturbed thinking" Barlow explained.

Barlow also said anxiety disorders are very prevalent in today's
world. Anxiety disorders are the fifth.most common reason for visits
to physicians and it is estimated that over 30 percent of the population
suffers from anxiety to the extent that they can benefit from treat-
ment. Barlow said.

SUNYA received the grant. Barlow said. for two reasons. First
“NIMH has targeted anxiety disorders as a priority for the eighties.
and therefore they have made more money available for clinical
research into anxiety disorders with an aim to discover the nature of
these disorders. possibly their cause. and. of course. developing
hopefully better treatments." Barlow said.

“The other reason is that over the past fear years we've put together
a group of people who have a lot of expertise in studying these
disorders. Sol think the NIMH viewed as as one of the few groups in
the country that really does this king of long-term intensive work with
these groups." he continued.

The new grant is the largest of six recent grants. according to
Barlow. Funding for the center comes from several outside sources.
Anxiety studies funding alone is in excess of $1.5 million;total outside
funding for the center amounts to about $3 million. According to
Barlow. all of the money received Comes from National In_stitutc.of
Health or.NlMH..   ... .........l.l,

 

By Marissa Donnellan

student will pay 25 cents per
semester to fund the United States
Strident Association. in accordance
with a Student Association referen-
dum passed last month.

The fee will be charged in addi-
tion to the $92 mandatory stttdent
Activity Fcc which ftittds SA
groups. events. and intercollegiate
athletics. Students passed the
referendum by a vote of 404 in
favor. and 328 against.

USSA is a national student‘s
association representing 3 million
students on over 350 campuses. ac-
cording to USSA .Vicc President
Scott Wexler.

Although SUNYA passed the
referendum to fund USSA. it did
not pass with overwhelming stip-
port. Wexler attributed this to low
awareness of the organization on
campt .

The referendum. Wexler said. is a
major experiment that “will
hopefully create it trctid of student
support for the future of USSA."

Wexlcr said that USSA would
receive $4.750 from SUNYA
students under the new fee. llc add-
ed that the Student Association of
the State University (SASU). which
currently funds USSA on behalf of
all tlte SUNY's would decrease their
USSA financing by SL400 now that
SUNYA plans to pay USSA direct-
|

y.

SUNYA was the first school to
vote to finance USSA. Since their
SUNY Itingharnton and the Univer~
sity of Oregon at Eugene have pass-
ed similar referendums. “I'm
shocked. excited. and exhilirated
that Albany and Binglianuon have
done this." Wexlcr asserted.

“Albany now shares with
Bingliamton and Eugene the highest
per student pay (to USSA) ol‘ arty
campus." Wexlcr explained. He
said that USSA would try to pro-
vidc SUNYA with some extra

 

‘Mayfcst' were confirmed.

said.

 

 

Beginning this fall. each SUNYA.

 

“technical assistance". particularly
in the areas of women's and minori-
ty‘s issues.

In addition. Wexler said. “we‘re
working very hard to use Albany
campus to be the muscle of the
voting rlglits lawsuits." SUNYA's
SA has sited the city of Albany to
gain on;campas voting rights for
students.

.USSA has begun seeking direct
campus backing. Wexlcr said. "to
give USSA tnore support. Its not as
strong as it used to be. It needs a

SUN YA students are first to back organization

There are four paid positions in
the organization. Greg Moore. the
President. receives a yearly salary of
“0.000; Legislative Director Kathy
Ozcr Is paid 512.000 per year and
two part time clerical workers are
paid a total of about $8,000 yearly.

Other money is used to maintain
facilities in Washington.l).C..
publicize student issues. and rttn
conferences.

The issues USSA plans to focus
on in the near future. Wexlcr noted,

 

 

DAVE STRICK UPS

 

“I ’m shocked,
excited and
exhilr'rated that
Albany and
Bing/tamton have
done this. ”

-—Seort War/er

 

 

strong financial basis tiiore directly
from students."

chlcr said he is optimistic that
by the end of next year 5-6 schools
in New York state will fund USSA.
' USSA uses the money primarily
for lobbying in Washington. accor-
ding to Wexler. “Most goes for
education advocacy work. Some
gets used on legal matters. a lot gets
on campuses for organizing cani-
paigns to stop federal budget cuts
or make adjustments to students‘
needs.

“This year a lot went irtto voter
registration work." Wexlcr said.

 

Student purchasing tickets tor Celebration '04
Tickets for Ihe event cos! 5 7 for lite first and 510 for the nay! two.

Outlaws, Paul Young to play at ‘Mayfest’

.
"Just over l.000 tickets" for Celebration '84 have
already been sold. according to University Concert
Board Treasurer Mark Bodin, although it was not until
Monday night that the bands to be playing at

i include the federal budget‘s alloca-
tions for student aid. the Solomon
amendment. which denies financial
aid to rattle students not registered
for the draft. and a voter registra-
tion carnpaigti aimed at students
and minorities. '

USSA was formed in I978 in a
tncrgcr of the National Students
Association. founded in I946. and
tire Natiottal Slttdctil Lobby. which
was headquartered in California.
They currently receive most of their
fttnding through statewide stttdctit
associations such as SASU, ' '

    

 

 

 

UCB and University Auxiliary Services are sponsor-
ing ‘Mayfcst' which has been a subject of much
speculation around campus. Originally the Pretenders
were to appear. but they dropped out of the show to go

to Scandinavia, according to UCB President Doug

The event to be ltcld Saturday, May 5. will feature Kahan.
four bands. The New Rhythm and Blues Quartet
(NRBQ). will open the day. to be followed by Grand-
master Flash. Paul Young. and the Outlaws. Bodln

Todd Rundgrcn was also. scheduled to appear at
Mayfcst as of last week. but. Bodln said. decided that
he could not play SUNYA in the afternoon and be at

his scheduled appearance in Rhodc Island with Utopia
that night. "Basically he just decided not to do it."

Tickets for the event are $7 for the first ticket and Bodin said.
$|0 for the second two. There is a limit of three tickets
not tax Card. if available. tickets will also be sold on whose album, Ala far
“are day'of‘lltc'sltow’ an 5132‘  ‘  “’” ' ' ' ' ' ' ‘ ' ' ” "' ' ' ‘ ' '

According to Bodin. Paul Young Is a British artist

re. [F.WEQIIIUAR‘IM. trip. gt...  .,

album list in his native country.

 

 

 

 

 

 

