 

 

 

 

...-._1-....a. "

 

 

 

 

i
i
i

‘Vishniac’s Vanished World

by Brian Jacobs

 

In I934, Roman Vishniac iieani, he said, "from people close to Nazi ad-
ministration that the 'JQWish pioiiiein' would be solved by killing the Jews.
When l asked how great the danger was, they told me that no Jews would
survive if war broke out.”

When he tried to get word of llil' impending holocaust, people laughed.
No one, Jews included, believed any group or government was capable of
murdering millions of people. The Jews he spoke with thought that the
“105* this ParllCUlal’ WaVC oi .iiiii-semitism would-claim was 10,000, no
more. And'anti-semitism was nothing new. Jews had been persecuted for
centuries in Europe, but Somehow they managed to survive. They thought
they would again. '

ButVishniac, fearing the worst, stat out from his home in Berlin across
Poland, the Ukraine, Czetiioslavakia, Romania, Hungary, Latvia and
Lithuania to preserve on film the iitorid of his people that would shortly
disappear. Posing as salesman and h ding the camera in his jacket, he took
over [6,000 pictures of Jeivs on farms, Shetetls and in city ghettos. "i know

 

 

i could be of little help,” he said in a
but i decided that, as a Jew, it was ii
among the very people who it web
in pictures — a world that might c
As might be expected, he \\.isp
iieinrich Himmeier decree, Jews iv
was caught many times, but alnays,
he “was arrested it times over tiios
and twice condemned to death.”
To some extent, his ability to me
bribed and bribed and got what inn
a Nazi uniform. When i pliotogiap
Reichstag, l was in Nazi boots and
Vishniac's photographs also play
Jewish claims to a skeptical Wiii‘itl
Nazi SS herded 10,000 Polish it'\\'sti
tie cars, the Polish ambassador den
exiles and joined them in a gun
photographed conditions there an
floor window and crawling iindci
presented the pictures in Genera. ii
Of the 16,000 photographs only
ternational Center for Photogiapiij
dozens of cities across the ioiinliy
varied Jewish culture, the [WP-Pill
Europe, and the will to resist ‘tiaiif
during the economic boycott n! "it
fostered by the government it it {in
The exhibit is now in r‘\li‘il'}' . ii
dition to the exhibit, llit't'i‘ \‘i ill ‘u .i.
complement the photograph \i‘:
Museum in the empire phi/.1
As Edward Steuben. the ii
Museum of Modern .‘\ii i’
photographs were first broiigisa aw
. with a collection oi photoin
historical document, for it gi\ M N
he photographed just before ihi‘ in
them. Vishniac took with him out

y duty to my ancestors, who grew up
ing threatened, to preserve — at least
058 to exist."

tting his life on the line. Through a
re not allowed to own a camera. He
omehow, managed to escape. He said
pictures, put in a concentration camp,

rabout was due to his bribing skills. "l
tied from the Nazis. i even got hold of
ted the book-burning in front of the
niform and cried 'Heii Hitler'."
d an important role in proving the
Nazi inhumanity. in 1938, when the
it of Germany at night in railroad cat~
td everything. Vishniac followed the
ed camp near the border. He then
escaped by jumping from a second
barbed wire to freedom. When be
c proof was beyond doubt.

2,000 survive. Out of those 2,000, in-
chose 46 for an exhibit to travel to
These photographs show the richly
on which was common in Eastern
oi the pictures were taken in Poland

_ iation's 3.5 million Jews —~ a boycott

(‘hurch before the Nazi invasion.

will run until January i3, tQtiS. in ad-
torytelling, Lecture, and Film series to
is is free and takes place at the State

| the photography department at the

" early IOSO's (which is when the

id, "Vishniac came back from his trips
ihs‘ that has become an important
last-minute look at the human beings
y of the Nazi brutality exterminath
is self-imposed assignment . . . a rare

1 interview with Moment magazine, " .e_. _

 

' "Granddaughter and Grandfather" Warsaw, 19.38

The girl had searched all day for a job, unsuccessfully because of the Polish boycott against Jews.
The old man later died when he was seized by Nazis; the granddaughter was Shipped to a death camp'
where she was raped and eventually gassed.

depth of understanding and a in
For Jew or gentile, this exhib

 

tire

it sh

on's warmth and love for his people."
uld not be missed.

 

 

 

"On the way to his first day at chedcr (st/moi)" Milkachevo. I013

Vishniac wrote "i had heard that a boy of four would be starting chetiar the

next day. it would bring luck to be the first person to meet him that morning. i

arose before 5 a.m.and took a picture of the boy’s entrance into a new life, i
wished him the best.”

"A Distinguished Talmudist" Ka/inii'erl. (mimic Is’tis'

 

 

 

 

LECTURES

In “A Continuing Legacy," some entertaining and outspoken experts
share their reseach into popular culture. included are staged readings by
members of the Albany Civic Theater and interviews with "tradition-
bearers," men and women who recall their experiences in Vishniac's
"Vanished WOrld.” Each lecture will take place on Sundays at 2 pm. in the
auditorium. . . .

October 28

"The Legacy of the Yiddish Theater," a lecture by SUNYA professor of
English, Sarah Cohen, with staged readings by members of the Albany
Civic Theater. ’

November 4
"Funny, it Doesn't Sound Jewish"(A study in American Popular Music), a

lecture/performance by composer JackJGottlieb. Gottlieb will show how, in
the 20th century, Jews have infused popular music with melodic elements
from yiddish folk and theater songs.

November 11 ' .

“Live interviews of Tradition Bearers," a presentation by Sara Cohen and
four Holocaust survivors. Professor Cohen talks with four survivors of the
Yiddish world Eastern Europe who re-experience the music they relished,
the religion they practiced, and the social life they led.

STORIES

Jeannine Laverty of Saratoga Springs, and Susan Fantel Spivack of
Cobleskill, both accomplished performers, will tell "Stories by Yiddish
Writers" on Sundays, November 25, December 2, 9, and to at 2 and 3:30
in the auditorium.

A

FILMS

The “Vanishing World" film series features four documentaries that
dramatically examine various aspects of the Holocaust. it includes the con-
troversial "Who shall live and who Shall die," a disturbing look at the
American Jewish leadership during the Holocaust years. Bruce Hailenbeck,
film critic, will introduce and discuss the films which will be shown Sun-
days at 1:30 in the auditorium.

November 25
"image Before My Eyes” . ’ ' ‘ ‘
A return trip to Poland where the Jewish community thrived until its

December 2

"As if lt Were Yesterday"

The story of clandestine efforts of many Belgians to save 4,000 Jewish
children during World War ll. Myriam Abramowicz, co~prodticer/director
of the film, will lead the discussion.

December 9

“Who Shall Live and Who Shall Die"

A highly controversial documentary that presents a disturbing look at the
American Jewish leadership during the Holocaust.

December 16' v

"The Passenger" .

The story of the unsuccessful Polish resistance and the fight to change the
course of Nazi destruction.

 

 

 

