 

 

 

noes-aw“... 1.....- m. A.

‘t

 

 

,2:- —» :7’ an: :1

may

    

“K .‘s

t . i

8 4,  niacin)? sruornr PRESS o TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1984,

Levine’ 3

about some people, most notably Dave
(Despite All My Homers I'm Still a Bum)
Kingman.
5<Dale Murphy, CF— Based on what he's
done tlte last two years Murph has to'be con-
sidtwd as one of the players of the eighties,
as he should be a great one for a longtime.
Also one of those players with tremendous
power to all fields (check USA Today’s box-
scores this summer and watch how many
HRs he hits‘to right field), Murph also is a
Gold Glove' fielder and is invaluable to his
team. I don't buy that nonsense that he’s
folded down the stretch the last two years,
either. So, he hasn't ﬁnished the season as
' strongly as you might expect. if he hadn't put
together such a magniﬁcent five months
before then the last month of the season
wouldn‘t have mattered, because the Braves
would have been battling with the Reds for
fifth place.
6-Cal Ripken )r., SS — Wow. Where tlo
you start? You got me. How about here — if
C.R. stays healthy, there's a good chance
that he‘ll be remembered as the best short-
stop ever. That may be looking ahead a bit.
but this kid is unbelievable. Aside from all his
offensive prowess (.318, 27 HR, 102 RBIs).
the thing I really like about him is his
defense, which happens to be outstanding.
He could have an off year offensively and still
be an asset‘because shortstop is a key defen-
sive position. Doesn't have the range of The
Wizard of Ozzie or Gary Templeton, but has
an excellent arm and is smooth as silk. Forget
about what he hits this year — when you
watch him on TV, just watch his defense. it’s
a sight to see. And he hits pretty well, too.
7-Gary Carter, C —- Close between Carter,
Tony Pena and Lance Parrish, but my choice
is based on leadership, desire and defense,
as well as some impressive offensive
numbers. One of my baseball beliefs, based
on my hours and hours of consumption, is
that for the most part catcher is a defensive
position, and i still think Carter is tops in that
area. Pena (.301, 15 HR, 70 RBIs) and Parrish
(.269, 27, “4) both had better years

 

/

 

statistically than Carter did (.270, 17, 79) last
year, but he was plagued by injuries and is
usually good for to more homers and 20
more RBIs per year. On top of that are the in-
tangibles ‘ Carter is a great leader, the
ultimate winner in a position where leader-
ship is very key. He‘s also a master at handl-
ing pitchers, another catching factor that can
go unnoticed.- -

ﬂ-Lou Whitaker, 28 — A player who really
came into his own last year, Sweet Lou

makes tip half of the most talented keystone

ape-.5... re

 

combination in the game today. Also a fine-
leadoff hitter who sprays the ball all over the
ballpark, Whitaker can really pick it at se-
cond and has excellent speed on the
basepaths. Also turns over a mean double
play. i gave him the nod over Steve sax
bbcause of his defense, particularly his
range, and over Manny Trillo because he's a
more dangerous hitter. And you already,
know how i love those leacloff guys.
9-Mario Soto, P — If he were on a team
that was even a reasonable contender, l

A GREA Tsports year

<7

Enough of football. We also had the oppor-
tunity to experience the magic that is college
basketball. For the first time in a long while,
however, the season went more or less as
planned, Alright, so I picked Georgetown to
win the tournament in a previous article.
That was easy. i was rooting for Kentucky.
But back to the Hoyas for a moment.

That was a great team. I liked the depth. i
hated their coach. l'm sorry. john Thompson
reminds me too ntuch of Bo Derek's hus-
band John, always keeping his players away
from anything that moved. And anybody
who doesn't vote for Chris Mullin for Big East
Player of the Year so his Patrick Ewing had a
better shot at winning it gets no respect from
me whatsoever. Boo to him.

A side note before leaving college hoops:
i'm tickled pink that St. John's will have
Walter Berry with them next year. I can see
them on the threshold of a Final Four. With
Berry slamming and Mullin hitting from the
outside and Wennington... scratch that
thought.

I'm from Yonkers. Consequently, I was
brought up to be a Yankee fan. So i don’t
need to hear it from you Long Islanders. lsuf-
fer enough, Seriously, though, each time Mr.
Steinbrenner gives his State of the Pinstripes
address, i get sick. i look through the starting

 

 

ATTENTION STUDENTS FROM WESTCHESTER AND ROCKlAND COUNTIES,
THE BRONX AND NEW YORK METROPOLITAN AREA!

STUDY THIS SUMMER AT
MERCY COLLEGE ‘

Make this summer count! Get ahead or catch up on your
coursework. Take advantage of Mercy College’s flexible
scheduling, low cost ($i02.00 per credit) and six convenient
locations: Dobbs Ferry, Pcttkskill, Yorktown, White Plains,

Yonkers and The Bronx.

More than 500 course offerings in the following areas:

Accounting

Biology

Business Administration

Chemistry

Computer Information
Systems

Criminal justice

Education

English

History 8r Political
Science

Mathematics

Paralegal Studies

Psychology 8r Sociology

Six and twelve week sessions. Day anti evening classes begin
June 4th and luly lbth. Registration for all summer sessions

begins May 2|, 1984.

For information about Summer Sessions at Mercy College, please
call Andrew G. Nelson, Dean of Admissions at (914) 093-7600;

or return the attached coupon.

I..—_.__...___.__._....._..__.__..____._._

mean...

555 broadway, Dobbs Fegry, New York l0522 Y
El Please send me more information about Mercy College‘s Summer

Session Courses.

A (H race

City, '

I
l
l
I
I
i
I Name
I
I
I
I.

Telephone

State Zip

.._—_——_.._—_—__—————_—_—__l

 

lineup and see at least five guys playing out
of position. There are too many mistakes on
that team——- Oscar Gamble, Omar Moreno,
Dale Murray and Steve Kemp. Not that it
matters anyway. The Detroit Tigers are one
healthy team right now. lfthey stay that way,
they‘ll take the division, playoffs, and series.
Easy. '

Believe it or not, I‘m actually remotely in-
terested in the Mets this year. That young
talent can go places if Frank Cashen doesn’t
screw up again. How can you Met fans live
with Cashen? The only general manager
worse than Cashen is George Young of the
Giants. Cashen actually decided to keep
Mike Torrez and let Tom Seaver go. Bozo.

As l'm writing this, l'm watching the
islanders get blown out by the Montreal
Canadiens. Not to worry. The Islanders

am

think he would retire the Cy Young award
before he was finished. With an overpower-
ing heater and a dazzling changeup, Soto
must keep opposing batters jumping out of
their shoes. Do me a favor this summer:
check the boxscore after every game he pit-
ches, and see how many times he'll have a

‘ g game similar to this — nine innings pitched,

Two runs, one walk, nine strikeouts. Con-

'stant|y! It’s frightening to think what he could

do on a team that could hit. Believe me, this
guy is unreal. [:1

never make things easy. Besides, the real
Stanley Cup playoff was with the Rangers.
The Rangers proved to the hockey world
that, try as they may, they'll never be as good
as the islanders. Yet every Subway Series,
their fans insist that the Rangers are better.
We got news for them. They’re not. No team
is. The islanders are GREAT. I’ll take that
back if i find out that the Nebraska Cor.
nhuskers can skate.

So that wraps up a whole year. Just think.
In a few weeks we get to go home and take
on all of the sporting events that await us—
the indy 500, the Belmont Stakes and
Wimbledon. And of course, the LA. Sum-
mer Olympics, with or without the Russians.

As for me, l'm going to try to find out what
a Hoya is. And ifthat doesn't pan out, there's
always Strat-o-matic baseball. El

HOYA- is Latin term which comes from the old
Georgetown football team, whose defense was so

tough it was called

“Hoya Saxa",

meaning

something to the effect of "wall of stone”. That was
later shortened to the present day nickname, Hoyas.

 

i

  

 

    
 

EFFECTIVE 4/23/84 - 6/15/84
—“

 

I HOW IN THE WORLD
DID you ACCUMULATE

...And what are you
going to do with it?

Adirondack

 

360 Broadway, Albany, New York 1 2207
(s 13) 436-965 1 ext. 1 7

RS. We’ll take you home too!

ALL THAT

STUFF
THIS YEAR?

Trailways
will ship your bags, boxes. suitcases,
trunks, books, teddy bears, bikes.

skates. skis, cartons, records, bundles
and laundry home for you

20 % ‘ reegtila'r package
express rates
at OFF

Just show your student to. card
to our package express...
...and let us do the restt

 

 

srirEns

einforcing prejudice

the Editor:
am very angry about the prcjttdicc toward Jews on this
pus. I cannot stand when people say Dutch Quad is all
ppy". I wish the people would stop correlating “laps”
the Jewish population that mostly resides on Dutch
d. Its scents to be a fact that a top is a “Jewish American
ccss." agirl who is pampered by Itcr family to get
icvcr she wants and to say whatever she pleases, cithcr
gatory or obnoxious.
feel it is wrong to call these people "laps" because it
ates stereotypes on campus that all Jewish girls are
ps". If somebody is stuckup. arrogant, obnoxious, and is
isit. it is right away assumed that this person is a “lap”.
one could be the above dcscription regardless of race,
, creed, ethnic Background, religion and nationality.
find it is just an cxusc for close-minded people tojust call
Jewish girls “.Iaps“ without any reason to do so. Even if
to is a reason to call them that I feel “Jen” is an inap-
printc word. It just reinforces the prejudice all over again.
—nttme withheld by request

ustified anger

. the Editor:
Central Council is now concerned with how the discovery
an illegality is presented rather than the discovery of the it-
uiity itself. As if this was not ridcuious cnougit, the ASP
ttaics Vasqucz‘s concern over the events with white racism
ainst black voters. Tltc ASP therefore is intimating that ii
Vasqucz's anger at tltc discrimination that is reprehensible,
tlIL‘r titan the discrimination itself.
it is important to examine who was accusing and who was
timidating whom. The women who were receiving less pay
r litcir work efforts, so it seems, were the ones who were in-
ally intimidated. It hardly scents that they were asking for
0 much. When they found that they were not going to bc
cciving what was rightfully theirs, one hardly nccd wonder
t y titcy were outraged.
The ASP has called this “petty politics", iiowcvcr, witttt
cntral Council had to deal with was the law. Discrimination
ncvcr petty, especially if you are the one being
scriminated against. Maybe ttot one of the ASP cdit'ors has

aspecto

Estabnshiu It ISIS

   
 
  

David L.L. Lnlkln. Eli/ID! in Cir/8!
Jerry Clmplonl, Pntrlcll Mitchell. Manag/ng Editors

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Hnidt Graiia
Jane Anderson, Jim O'Sullivan
ohn Kounan

News Editor

 

    

  

Ior .
I o ASPoclI Ed tor
Sound Editor . . . . . . . . . .
Vision Editor. .
Hooli- Editor
port Editoro. ..
Auoullto Sports Editor . . .
SPORTS Mannin- Edltar . .
dltorinl Pug“ Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Edward notnes
onlrlbutlng Editorl: Donn Boll, Sluvo Fox, Bub Gntdlnior, Mark Gunner, Deb~
to Judge, Mark Lavina, Gall Murroll. Wayne Fcctoboorn. Holly Piesli. An-
hony Sllber, Line Strain. Mr. Trendsetter. Editorial Assistants: Alicia film
are, ten Clemente. Joe Fusco, Christtno Relieil sum writers: Allaon Brown.
Ichoila Bushor, Joanna Canavan, Kevin Clarke, Bullo Dzamba. Ronald Brant
tttstan, Judy Gnochwlnd. Adam Goodman, Ben Gordon, Bob Hanlon, Eric
indln, Norma Koo. Mlcholla Kreti, Alice McDotmoII. Caryn Mttsiio, Suzanne
“Why. John Parker, Maddy Pasoucci, Jon Romano, Dnvld Singer. Michael
itoinick, Alan Somkln, Rick Swanson, Furry Tischinr, Keith Van Allen, Ilene
utnsteln, Doug Wotan, Mark Wilgard, John Wiilmott, Spectrum Edllou:
lien Fitzgerald, Rina Young, Artists; Stove Eryson. Kurt Ford, R. A. Hayes

 

  
    
 

  
   
   
    
  
 
   

Judy Torol, Business Manager
Lynn Slrnvii, Assoc/ale Business Manager
Jim Hirsch, Rhonda WoII,AdvuIIIsIng Managers
Milt- Krolmnr, Sales Manager

     

or .... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Mark Catainno
avid Daniela, Rich Golden, Susan Klein, Stovo Lolbor-
an. Merit Sunrrtart, Advertising ProduCllon: Loo Erickson, Debra Fmomnn,
lalno Friedat. Joanna Gliberg, Julia Mark. Ellyn Muto, Sharon Okun, Lynne
IBaot. Charoletto Shuba, Elton Wlsomun. Olllco Stall: Christina Binuhl. Lin-
a Delgado, Marlorlu Rosenlhal

 
    
   
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
 
   

Goorgo TlIto, Assoc/alt: Production Manager

hilli’ypuoltor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , , . . . . . . .. Lancoy Heyman
"layup: Eileen Konllo, Susan Kent, Typists: Jim Capnzzola, Cheryl Kaplan,
“CV Killian, Phyllis Lalkowttz, Rona Lowunbraun, Chaulteuru: Eric Dori.
tovun Mankoll

l‘°'°ﬂ'ﬂl)lty principally supplied by University Photo Servlco. a shutout
roup.

.hiet Photograph-r: Ed MnrusstchUPs stall: Amy Cohen. Sherry Lee Cotton,
rnrt Draiius, Cindy Galway. Atlnm Ginsberg, Kanny Kitsch, Rachel Litwln.
noun Luckoy, Loin Mattabont. Susan Elatnrp Minrilcn. Jou Schwundnor, thta
Intrnons, Robert Soucy, Erica Speipul, Warren Stout, Dnvo Strick. James

alantino,
time cent. to copyright - 1984 Albany Student Fran Corporation. all
9 l l I .

The Albany Student Press its published Tuesdays and Fridays tintwtion
unust and June by tho Albany Student Pines Corporation, an Indopondunt
ut-lorprotit corporation.

Editorials are written by tho Editor In Chief with members at Inn Editorial
bard: Policy In subject Ioroviow by tho Editorial Board. Columns artt writtttn
v member: of tho university community and do not necessarily IDP'DWM

:“Wlﬂl Dolley. Advorllolng policy does not noconsallly rotlocl editorial

v cy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Fronts, CC 320
1400 Washington Ave.
Albﬂn NY 12222

 

Y
(bill) 467-8’892/332213389

 

 

ever had to fight for something that was rightfully theirs.

I it0pe that the day comes when the editorial staff of the
ASP and Central Council members will come up against this
sort of situation. i also hope that when they are denied their
respective rights, they become angry, only to have their
justified anger used against them. - ‘ —‘

-—Trocey Morgan
—.lennlfer l‘rutteit

Misrepresentation

To the Editor:

We are concerned about the Bhakti Yoga club. We accuse
them of tttisrcprcscntation of advertising. The Bhakti Yoga
club represents The International Society for Krishna Con-
sciousness and deliberately omits this piece of. information
on Iltc I‘iycrs and posters. The student who decides to attend
the free vcgctttritut dinners is besieged by Krishna propagan-
da. This doctrintttion session lasts two of the three hour
scheduled meetings. Titc remaining itour began as a com-
binatiott of a cooking demonstration and a dinner session
which was later cltttngcd to a Kristina indoctrination s
We feel that iltc I'rcc vcgctttrian dinner and cooking sex
has ttscd to lure \tudcnls to hear about Krishna.

the food is itiin in"stttrcli and fat. We question it's nutri-
Iiomtt vulttc. ll‘s advised that students who are caloric con-
\cititls should not ttllL'lltl.

We believe iltc llitttkti Yoga clth was utilized by the
Ix'risltuus to get on Io ctuitpus. l'ltc Bhakti Yoga club is iltc
Krishna movement in essence. Wito administers this club? is
it tltc sttttlcnl hotly or lite Krishnas? We believe it to be the
latter. Titc Ittllltrc of the organization speaks for itself. The
leaders of the club are unknown.

The literature distributed offers free trips to India. It's
tlILl\'L‘l'|th‘tl that cite ttccds ncitltcr passport, visa or innoctilu-
tions. We l'ccl this to he a potentially dangerous situation
medically uttd legally. Not to ntcntion what could happen
once iii llitlltt.

The llcntlcs rcmttin a lcgcntl and tltcir name is being used
for propaganda. A perfect cvttmplc are two books that cott-
tttitt interviews about John Lennon. it suggests that John
Lennon was a tlcvotcc which is false. We feel this to be
another lttrc. Many students ttdmirc Joltn Lcnnott and this
admiration is being exploited by the Krishna tttovctncnt.

Tlic Krishna's manipulate all conversations around titcir
doctrine. They have prcacltcd mysogyny and capital [itltllsli‘
iitcttt ulticlt contradict thcir ethics. Students are at it
vulnerable timc itt their lives tutti are forced to make major
decisions. Ottt of frustration and desperation some tend to
scck cuyy solutions. The Hare Krishna tnovcnicttl ol't'crs
simplistic and unrealistic answers to complex problcttts in
society. ‘

ltt closing, we feel that the Hare Krishna movctttcnt should
make revisions in its advertising practices and in the manner
itt which tltcy present themselves to tltc University communi-
ty.

   

sion

~Nunte Wititcld by Request

Deepest thanks

To the Editor:

We’d like to take this tittic to extend ottr utilities! and
tlccpcst thanks to all of you who itclpcd make 'I'clctlion ‘84
such a tremendous financial and emotional success. We
sincerely appreciate all of tltc titttc, hard work, illItl support
that was devoted to our cause. Tclctitott ‘84 will always hold
a special place itt our lives and we thank you from Iitc bottom
of our “hearts”.

Tclctlton '85 has begun: We \visit co-cltuitpcrsons Eric
Dori‘ atttl Eilccn Shapiro the very bcst of luck tmd ittuclt suc-
cess. We know llttll you'll do a fantastic job.

—Cindy Kutz
—Atny Zimmerman
Ctt-Cliulrpcrsnns Telethon '84

Senior week injustice

To the Editor:

l ant a senior here at Albany State. I have paid eight
semester's worth of class dues, with participation itt Senior
chk events clearly in mind. imagine my disappointment
when I learned llttll tickcts to all of iltc cvcttts that i lItltl plun-
netl to pttrlicipalc iii are unavailable to me. Apparently my
class titles were used to subsitli/c tltc good time of iltc few
who \vctc lucky enough to obtain good random ttumbcts illltl
those who had Iltc opportunity to pair up with those who had
low litlllil)t.'t"i.

It seems quite cicttr Io mc that it t'untlom tiisitiimtion of
tittllilit‘t'h is it good itlctt. I'o cnsutc equal opportunity to all
who wish to obtain Iiclcls. llowcvcr, wltcn \\L' inttotlucc iltc
policy \vltcrc Iltrcc friends of at low ticket ttutttber may lug
along into Iltc ticket booth, Iltc distribution is no longer fair
to till. ll I'uvors those associates of tile low tickcl ltoldcr be
they "friend" or not. A ntore cquilublc systcm would be
witcrc the merits of iitc groups come into play such as an
average of the senior tickct numbers. Obviously, this rcquircs
a little kcy punching on a calculator and ntuch adttiinistrativc
supervision, but it is more equitable.

This rcittinds me of a game I used to play with my high
school friends at tltc tnovic theatre. One person on line, titrcc
olitcrs cut itt ahead of everyone and join this person. I think
we should be able to sec iltc Injustice very clearly! II' this is

It

divine retribution visited upon me, so be it. However, there

are many deserving people in thc‘SUNYA cornmunlty‘ivho
should have better. I would like to know who is responsible
for this policy of 4 for It ' A
In closing, I wish good luck to all my peers and
acknowledge my disppointment with the system. Those of
you who were lucky enough to get good senior card numbers
or know someone with a low number, remember me when
you are enjoying all of the senior week activities of your
choice. it's people like me who are subsidizing you and not
reaping the beneﬁts. Just a word for those of you fellow
students who will be scalping senior week tickets at above
cost, “Shame on You."
— More D. Perlmutter

Poor management

To the Editor: -

Tltc biggcst complaint amongst the student population in
rcgttrd to tire SUNY transportation system is the lttck of
coordination between the scheduling of the buses and the
student ttcndcittic schedule. This is not the problem, but
rather, it is just one of lite symptoms. Titc root of iltc pro-
blcttt is poor management. Tltcrc cxiststt multitude of symp-
toms which have risen from the bus administration. I-‘orgct-
ling iltc sclictitiieot‘ the buses for a tttitttitc, let us consider
two crucial ttttmagcmcnt problems, tiamcly the lack ut‘ con-
trol mct' iltc bus tirivci's and iltc maintenance program devis-
t.‘tl to kccp iltc tunes on the road.

Itt any \ucccssl'ttl business there has to be an ctttploycc cons
Ii'ttl system. One that guttch performance and provides in-
ccmitcs for Itcucr scriicc. Titc drivers need a reason to per-
form an ltigltcr sltttttlurtls‘. Titcrc is no rcason for bus drivers
to leave five minutes ahead of schedule. or for garage buses
to puss students on iltc \vtty uptown. These problems are tltc
direct result of iltc lack of employee management. Drivers
we not ctttlutucti on a regular basis. nor are tltcy checked
regularly at the end of their shifts. Buscs tll’C lcl't ttnl‘uclcd,
dirty, and drivers don't care — there's no one cltcckiitg these
things in tile company. My answer to this is simple. Ait
ctttlttttlion system by Iltc students. Provide students with
paying jobs of titling tltc buses and give them the criteria to
cvttlttalc tlt'ivcr pcrfot'tttancc, such as clcanlincss and ac.
curacy of arrival Illitl tlcpttrturc. l-‘intl tltc drivers who leave
curly tllltl Llc‘wl‘l students. From these evaluations ait incen-
tivc \lllill its “tli'ivcr ol' tltc week" can bc crcttlcd with "X"
mimbcr of citations resulting in salary bonuscs.

()n that last note SUNY miqu rcspottd witit the standard
"luck of funding" reply. But that lack of funding is once
ttgttin a problem of poor management. The money for
bonuses and student evaluators can be made available
through a progrnttt of “preventive maintenance." Titcrc is
no such system now, one that provides for dctcction of
future mechanical problems that go undetected and they add
up. The result is a major probictn that cost "major money."
In speaking with one driver iii particular, I found that most
maintenance problems stcmming from brokctt spcetlomctcrs
to engine "knocks" go unnoticed until iltc problems means
that the bus is ittopcrutivc. A program of prcvcnlivc
titttintcnancc including it rcguiar check-up sciicdulc tutti a
periodic overhaul of Iltc buses will serve to salve the money
that now funds Iltc major problems. The moncy saved in
tituintcnttncc will mean tnorc money for iltc tlciclopmcm oi‘tt
sound running business, encompassing the need for student
C\'ttltillllil'\ anti cittploycc pcri’otmztncc honuscs.

SUNY Albany prides itself on iltc fine reputation of our
llitsincxs School and tltc overall quality of education that
they provide. I find it difficult to understand, tltcn, ltow we
cannot scent to manage at business like the trusportution
system. The lack of mttnztgcmcnt control is it classic symptom
of “iltc other guy will do it" altitude. No one scents to Ctlt't‘
about Iitc poor transportation system here and tltc “other
guy" tiocsn'l either. In the coming years there has to be a
I‘CUYtllllttllOIt of the bus sytcm. But Ilicrc can‘t be a solution
unless someone recognizes iltc problem anti decides that the
quality of Iitc bus system has to bc imprmcd. The \llltlclils of
this university have the rigltl to expect tltc same type of (lllllll-

ty in the Irttitspotituion system that we receive front llll'

educational system.
— Ilowurd R. Beet-l:

 

 

Albany Student Press
Corporation Board man-
datory meetingcand elec-
tions. Ail ASP members
must attend.

Monday, May 7, in the
Campus Center
Assembly Hall.

 

 

 

 

 

