   

 

«viz; .NQLW m"

   

 

 swag: . -

‘a

 

 “,4,
< . c—wvmmaMMWH— 7’4 "’1',

.. ..,.a~..—~.c......_ ,,_. .

    
   
 
 
 
  

_ . c. r -. :zr‘j’wvwrr‘ﬁV—m“

' longer he can feel like he’s actually got a shot.

 

- ,fdate. far‘an ugly guy,-ts a challenge" O.K., so let's get a little unrealistic and'
ar beyond any faced by his more at- assume youfve ask'ed a girl out on a delta. and
.the u ltractiv: counterparts. Not “only does she's accepted. Now, how to handle it: The'
b I g y guy ave to contend-with the same, pressure is still on, because it you relax and ‘
f as c problems Inherent In this society’s dating begin to enjoy yourself now, it's all over. Per- '
dorTua thatevery other guy must learn-to ; sonallty, remember, personalllyl it's okay tobe
ea with,,he is further hampered by dandruff, l yourself, but be yourself Well.
scabs, large moles above his eyebrows; orl .
whatever else his particular repulsive feature '
might happen to be. This puts a lot of pressure '

on his "personality."
Jim  pleasure will prove too stimulating for an ugly
_ guy's senses, and he will, undoubtedly, lapse-
“- _:‘;(‘;’r; it: 'iTIOSl teenagers. When the. word, into a coma or die instantaneously. Of course.
‘P b i a 3:1 arlseslnla CONVEI’SM'O". "5PM" there are exceptions to the rule, but whatever
gait; : oust hat the person being discussed is at; the case, the pig-ugly guy must enter into his
I looklnqmew 3‘ Ugly. blecause if he were 900d" big date factually, any date for an ugly 9W '5 a I
swans. go one wguhd care about his PEI“, big date) with a thoroughly planned. perfectly'
d W- ECBUSE .9 1 is. the has“? ugly Buy executed strategy, which centers itself around‘
an :rsgzndilthat to be socially acceptable, he the allqmportant kiss -
mu a e to use his personality. as a Three ‘ l l.
wrapon. He must be witty. urbane, and char- ' afe' pop“ at ug y guy datlng'anemaﬂves
mng. . .moreso than his counterparts the I The Movie th
t _ , . - e universal ugly guy dating,
normlal-to-good-iooking guys. because these 9 arena. This alternative offers the ugly guy the
NOE: Cl?" also My 0" lhElrl°°k3~ l" the real 'advantage of darkness. No one can see his
W0! 1- ' elitiglylgw "ﬁdemands lhal '0 be face. not even (and this isk'ey) his date. who Is
EDP“ a; wtm airs. or even tolerated by girls. ' liable to forget just how hideous he actually
wfumu kecui [vale :19" type oilpersonallty "'0' looks. Also, the cinema frees the ugly guy
h ma 9f! “"9 9 Mia-VII S°_09ly- Once from his conversational obligations, allowing
t ey start thinking that, the ugly guy says to mm to msLhrs L A u I- n

DA'I'IN
_ On a date, the ugly guy is working for one
thing, that pinnacle of ugly guy sexuality, the
good-night kiss. Any higher form of physical

 

 

 

 

method of getting the girl so drunk she forgets

I who she's with. The biggest danger at the bar.
however, is that there are a lot of other guys
around. and a slightly‘tipsy date is liable to
forget that she’s I‘his” date. Although an emp-
ty bar eliminates the worry of good-looking
sharks stealing the date-’2 attentiony sittin

 

 

 

 

 

h'msell- M lea” l V8 90l a Chance- Furthermore, if thermovie is good, it puts his '
ASKING date in a good mood, and she will be more
vvilllng to...(dare we say it?) kiss the ugly guy
good-night.
2.1'he Bowling Alley- A great release for the
pent-up frustrations common to all ugly guys.
The two most popular bowling strategies are to
either bowl so well that the date will be terribly
Impressed with the ugly guy‘s athletic prowess
3nd befawilsng skill, or bowling so poorly that the
' ate ee 5030 for theul u.and
Th“ '5 because the Ugly guy Undersiands‘ doesn't have the hrzart to tell hirgnyheg'sya toad
that he will probably be turned down when he! later; when he tries to kiss her goodnight
asks, so the longer he puts it off and attempts: 3.11.9 Bar. Back to (he basics, Today Q,an .-
to get to know the girl better beforehand, the, the most chauvinlsﬂc (or desperate) ugly guy
still resorts to this callous, but almost surefire '

Ugly guys lnvltelglrls out on dates very rare-
ly (at least, ugly guys who realize their level of
physical attractiveness do). and when they do,
it lnvartably takes them much too long a time
to do so, as they will cheerfully spend upwards
ofka month agonizing over whether or not to
as

 

 

* Being an adult is knowing "The Nixon Memoirs" is a reality

 

Growing Down
Being a kid is having your bangs trimmed;
Being an adult is having your hair re-permed
Being a kid Is really wanting that 35-cent Ice pop;
Being an adult is really wanting that $2. 25 Screwdriver
Being a kid is washing your hair with no more tears;
Being an adult ls using the Vidal Sassoon Cleaning System
Being a kid is seeing a chocolate sundae as Iantaatlc; ‘
Being. an adult Is seeing a chocolate sundae as Monday and Tuesday's calories
Being a kId Is an afternoon of fun with a matchbox car and a tennis ball;
Being an adult is trying to conuince yourself that you love jogging
Being a kid is having monsters keep you up at night;
Being an adult is having caflelne keep you up at night
Being a kid is thinking "Cinderella" Is a reality;

Being a kid is growing two Inches and gaining ten pounds;
’ Being an adultjs not growing two Inches but gaining ten pounds
Being a kid Is leellng like Daddy Is always at work;
Being an adult Is Ieellng like Daddy is always at work, too
Being a kid I: playing soldier;
Being an adult Is protesting the draft
Being a kid is believing a band-aid will fix anything
Being an adult Is pretending the cut doesn't hurt
Being a kid Is getting a big hug for the Crayola card on Mother's Day;
Being an adult In calling long-distance to make sure the ﬂowers arrived
Being a kid fl going upstairs to see your brother;
Being an adult is going upstate to see your brother
Being a kid is wondering why;
Being an adult is knowing why and not caring
Being a kid Is riding on the merryogo-round;
Bein an adult is wishing you were riding on the merry‘go-round again...

Mark Barrett Teitelbaum

 

 

alone watching the bartender wipe glasses
puts a real strain on even a drunken conversa~
tion. ‘

' HONEY

Unrequited love has been a central topic in
male conversations since the first prehistoric
tum-down, but it wasn't until Shakespeare
that sensible advice on how to win your
woman became immortalized in literature.
Although Bill “Shake 'em down" Shakespeare
had no trouble with women himself, he ob-
viously understood the plight of the ugly guy
pretty well. The opening of Macbeth'has the
very worldly villlan, iago, telling his friend
Roderlgo again and again “put but money in

          

thy pocket!” if you happen to be both ugly and
rich, there's hope. The t 'eory was that
sometime around 1977. at the height of the

Caner administration as it happened. women ‘

were no longer Interested In marrying or
dating guys with money unless they also had
Alan Alda's personality. in retrospective, ii is
easy to see that this was simply one of those
strange occasions when the media. the corn-
munisis, and the Alan Alda For President
Committee all teamed up to throw that most
industrious and gullible bunch of American

males, the ugly guys, off their guard. Dani.
worry: although most women will not openly ‘

admit to being influenced by a date's llnitnclal
position, Well, let's just say that the more
things change the more they stay the same. it's
still tragically true that the vast majority of
women allow themselves to enjoy a free night
on the town. it's also true that a lesser majority
of women will go out with an ugly guy "just
one time" at least if he wedges an offer to pick
her up in his Porsche between his asking her
out and her answer. Lavish gifts never hurt the
cause. Plastic surgery is an option that only the
rich-ugly guy can seriously consider. Big
sprays of ﬂowers, though hackneyed, are still
very effective in helping a woman to see just
how "nice" an ugly guy can be underneath his
big sprays of blackheads.

Naturally, the majority of ugly guys find,
themselves unable to travel the money route,
simply because there isn’t enough money for
all the ugly guys. For the ugly guy who finds
the "personality" option too exhausting, and
the money route too financially constraining,
the only suggestion left would be to accept the
fact that he isn't going to get a date in college,
and to hit the library and study hard enough
so that, four years later, he will be making
enough money to market himself successfully,
or at least to keep himself drunk enough, often
enough, so that he can forget it all.

Next: More Good Melee For The Ugly

17px on Self-Deception

flatter Patter

I lit y
s r) drum

\f’tltk by hand:

uir ks
hummer,

I My

3 (l tfrum

mw H'th
il‘ ’o'tir he, in“,
[v ilhlfliig "mam

Mi. lxlll i

shaken
lltbbé’d

sirn ken
shaken
beaten
roped

Kmii

 

 

hey call themselves R.E.M., after the

term rapid eye movement, the rapid,

jerking eye moments under closed lids
during deep dreaming sleep. it is quite a fitting
name, because R.E.M. manages to convey
through quirky vocals and bouncy, often
dancey, music, a rich multl-la'yered sound that
is dreamy in quality. The veiled, impres-
sionistic lyrics are sung by bandmember
Michael Stipe with a slight eccentricity that,
when fused with the simple and beautifully
crafted instrumentation, provides the perfect
atmosphere for anything from deep sleep to
ecstatic dancing. And therein lies the uni-
quesness of R.E.M.; they can't be categorized
but. then, they really don't need to be.

Daniel Barth

R.E.M. recently released their second
album, Reckoning, and their new single.
"South Central Rain", nearly four months
after all the critics declared R.E.M. and their
debut LP Murmur the best neW‘group and
album for 1983. Similarly, their first big effort
on vinyl, an EP called Chronic Town, released
in 1982 on lRS Records, revealed to the critics
and college radio audience that this band was
certainly one to be reckoned with.

 

 

Their growing popularity, signaled by\ the l

commercial success' of the Murmur single
"Radio Free Europe"(a previously released
1981 debut single), came in spite of the band's
near Indifference to top of the chart success. it
was the music and the little‘push by [RS that
sold Murmur. 

So from this we receive Reckoning, an'

album that combines the more energetic
sounds of Chronic Town with the beautifully
rich and gently emotional sounds of Murmur.
Yet Reckoning takes a step back from the
elborate production'put ’into Murmur. The
musical layering isn't quite as precise; the
piano that rounded out Murmur is only faintly
present in Reckoning. But the energy is there.
,R.E.M. moves on songs like “Pretty Persua-
f?sion‘;’3‘-"Harborﬂoat."-ai‘ld"'Second Guessing"
like a brand new band, and still manages to stir
the heart with the delicate and, oh, so unique
voice of Michael Stipe. With backup from the
band, Stipe can plead and punch at the same
time, and the vocals seem to melt into the
sound of the guitars that add mystery to the
lyrics, whose words are often strained or lust
incomprehensible to the listener. But when
the words are the least understandable, Sllpe's
amazing vocal quality still conveys the feelings
better than any words. Catching the lyrics
takes time, so after many llstenings the songs
are still fresh. This was the case for Murmur,

'and is the case for Reckoning, too.
The ten-song Reckoning has It highlights,‘
and among them are the songs “7 Chinese
Brothers," "50th Central Rain," and “Pretty
Persuasion,” crammed together on side one,
or the left side, as R.E.M. calls it. "South Cen-
; tral Rain" Is the single and deservedly so. it’s
'got Stipe's crisp sweet pleading vocals, the
best bass heard on the album, and a sparser
but truly beautiful guitar backdrop.
“7 Chinese Bros," has the same mid-
' tempo, pretty sound as “South Central," and
is actually the same music as the song “Voice
of Harold” found on the “South Central"
12-inch Single. In that version Stipe reveals
his southern accent to the world when he talks
through the middle of the song on his
thoughts about the record industry. In the
album version the lyrics are totally different
and Stipe's delivery reverts back to slightly
V convoluted singing so that the words are hid-
den behind the vocals. The album version
doesn't have the drive or power of "Voice"
even though the music is almost exactly the
some. That just shows how important the
ivoca] quality of the songs can be.
Nonetheless. “7 Chinese Brothers" is an ex
cellth and very beautiful song.

“Pretty Persuasion" also contains pro-
nounced drums and a lull guitar and vocal ar-
rangement. The song moves with a quick
dance feel while the vocals and instrumenta-
tion melt together to marvelous effect, so that
we get the sense of energy and emotion at the

 

 

same time, a hybrid that R.E.M. seems to

 Vinyl’Vlews

R.E.M.’$Dav,_QfR¢Ck

    

   

   

perfect song after song.
Listeners may complain of a sameness that

exists in all the songs, but the final cut on side

one Is certainly unique. “Time after Time" is a

slow but powerful song. its meditative sway-

ing feel is created by softly bouncing drums

while guitars ring in the background and Stipe

croons in the fore. it builds steadily to an emo-

tional climax of guitars and a fading voice.

_Very nice.

Side two of Reckoning is less a combination

of Murmur and Chronic Town than an exten—
sion of Murmur itself. “Letter Never Sent" a
cut reminiscent of side one of Murmur, very
gentle and introspective and very pretty. And
it manages to be so with a less produced, less
layered sound, in an age when bands improve
only with more production. Producer Mitch
Easter and R.E.M. seem to have opted cor-
rectly for a sparser sound without hurting the
emotional fervor they can create themselves,
without machines.

"Camera" is In the same vein as “Letter” but
it is slower and softer, very subdued, very
melancholy. it is the longest song on the
album and one of the prettiest. in contrast are
the first song on the side, “Second Guessing,”
and the last, “Little America." “Second
Guessing" doesn't have the vocal and in~
strumental arrangement of the others, but is
4 quick and straightforward. “Little America" is
a “Shaking Through" imitation, but without
.the musical layering of that song.

‘ Finally, u(Don’t Go Back to) Rockville" is

 

~the most southern-sounding songs on the

    
  

   

   
  

'album, complete with a saloon piano and
twanglng guitar, very good in its own right.
R.E.M. makes itself a timeless and
regionless band. One can't tell exactly where
they stand. From where and what they are
one can't decide, yet they owe much to the
past, hailing from the same musical realm as
their fellow Georgia counterparts, the B-52's,
.Pylon, and the Method Actors. They have
[been called neo-psychedelia, much to their
-distaste, and southern rock.
' R.E.M. does attribute much of their sound
,to country music; Reckoning’s “Rockvllle” and
the vocal quality of “Voice of Harold" attests
:io that. but they are more complex than
southern music as a whole. Stipe's vocals
Itend toward the nasal twang commonly heard
from the AM country cowpokes, or maybe
.even a band such as Dire Straits, but though
‘the vocals and music are as simple as, say,

not. R.E.M. exists as much‘for not hearing as
'for hearing, permitting an ambiguity in the
= lyrics, vocals, and music to hide some mean-
ing and feeling for subsequent listenings.

While straightforward. almost meaningless
.songs have their place, that place Isn’t with
.R.E.M. The greatest quality of their music is
that It can be heard over and over again and
still have an impact on the emotions, as the
mystery Is slowly stripped away. it's good to
'see that musicians can be artists. too and that
R.E.M. can be more than just another band.

 

 

,With their new album Reckoning it's obvious
’that they’re not. El

 

   

   

   
 

,->._, ~I.\.,"k1'r.'.’»
‘ L‘s “fowl/[7,.
=4 4 -‘M‘BI—mr

    

‘ “" Brochure vailale
518-674-3774

me Gregory noose

'Makesa visit to SUN Y an even more .\enj0)’ab/€ “‘9 "1‘ '

Country Inn and. Restaurant

irriall, Intimate, Bed & Breakfast
' 'Country Inn
Private Bath - Air Conditioning
Three“ Star Mobil-Rated Dining Room
Minutes east of Albany
AVERILL mx, Ny. 12018

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

- , ' «Err ,
EVERY MONDAY IT'S-
“ITALIAN NIGHT”

     

 

j 'Hi, incoming freshmen!

l “Big deal”, you say with a
tonight?”

in print.

I Call and ask for John or Joe.

 

Aloha.

 

,C’est Moi

I These three pages (6,7, and 8) 'are the Aspects pages of the
jASP’s summer issue. Aspects is, 1
'tion, and this column is, basically, an egocentric perquisite that l, as
’Aspect’s editor, allow myself. Aspects appears on Friday’s as a full
,j 8-page section, and includes articles on books, music, and theatre, '
:as well as short fiction and poetry.

Well, l’m not sure, although Johnson has a reputation as a jum- '
,' ping hall, but this column is just to let the few of you who may be
'interested know that, come September, Aspects is going to be
, looking. for people who can write, who know about music or ,
; movies, and who are egotistical enough to enjoy seeing their name '

So if you're interested, the ASP is listed in theVStudent Directory.

.  PS. i usually write better columns than this, but what the hell,
l it's the summer issue; nobody’s going to read this anyway.

 

 

basically, the ASP’s leisure sec-

yawn, “where are the parties

‘Dlre Straits, the combination of the two are .

 

 

....s. .v

- r - - v.arrrum-Inletduc‘e'LetuAN.b"DI-TNTl‘!‘d's‘e’|‘u’o'a"

‘ . u
'.'. I'A s -'

  
 

 ewe...“ I

way“. m». M... f..:...-~‘V. ..

    
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 

