 

\_g._ﬁ_ﬂ£"1 ...

“as. 4—, 0.

"21+; we»... “when. ..

w...

.. A -.- .. _m__..x. ..-. mag-.2;

. 4 mg:__

«we. 5. .5..." as".

      
  
   
   
   

  

g...- a,_s-..-.. a...»

 

   

OCTOBER 5, 1984

Danesdumped by Chiefs, host Owls tomorr0w

By Marc Barman
“0.1! £0110.

Coach Bob Ford's latest trip.to
his aims-mater. Springﬁeld Col-
lege. was one he would soon like
to forget. ' V

Last Friday night was an event-
ful evening forvSpringfield Col-
lege —-; it was their 100th birthday
celebration —- and the Albany
State football team. helped in
making it not Only a historic even-
ing for the Chiefs. but a trium-
phant one as well.

With the Chiefs’ defensive unit
pounding into Albany State’s of-
fensive backﬁeld with as much

» force as the post game "Centen-

nial Fireworks" exploding into
the night sky. Springﬁeld was
able to hold the Danes to just 174
total yards. en route to a 27-13
victory.

The Danes. now 2-2. will host
Division 11 Southern Conneticut

tomorrow afternoon on Universi- '

ty Field at 1:00 pm.

The 14 points the Danes
registered last Friday night was
really an overstatement of their
offensive performance. Albany's
ﬁrst touchdown was scored by the
defense — a spectacular 67-yard
return off of sophomore Wayne
Anderson's third interception of
the game. Anderson’s theft.
which came with 2:48 to play in
the second quarter. knotted the
score at 7-7 at halftime.

The Dane’s second touchdown
came after a meaningless ﬁnal
drive. Second-string quarterback
Anthony Nozzi scored on a two-
yard keeper with no time remain-
ing on the clock.

Except for that ﬁnal drive, 'the
Dane’s offense showed little
spark. Part of the reason was the
ineffectiveness of quarterback
Jeff Russell. who played at less

than full capacity.

The freshman quarterback suf-
fered a knee injury in the previous
game at Brockport and was forc-
ed to skip practices on Monday.
Tuesday. and Wednesday. On
Friday evening he still was not at
100 percent, ‘which was proved by

'his statistics: Russell was just 2 of

14 for 31 yards while throwing
one interception.

“Missing three 'days of practice
would hurt any quarterback."
said Ford. who graduated from

‘1

S rln field uarterb
cgrneebeek aloft Keri.

     
   

Springﬁeld College in 1959. “if
(Mike) Milano missed three days
of practice I doubt he'd have too
good a game either.

“The injury couldn't have
come at a worse time in Jeff's
career." continued the

At gametime. Russell was hard-
ly physically ﬁt. "I'd say he was
80 percent healthy for the game."
said Ford. “He couldn't put full
pressure on his leg."

Russell played into. the third
quarter but was taken out with

coach.“He ’was building up his 6:28 remaining in favor of Nozzi.

conﬁdence in Brockport but then

through Wednesday. On Thurs-
day we "practiced in sweats. He
didn’t dress in full equipment un-
til Friday night."

the game.

Nozzi had no success in moving

"he had to sit out practice Monday the offense either. so Ford put
Russell back in for a series of
downs before letting Nozzi ﬁnish

While the offense was sputter-

Lucx‘ev UPS

ack Brian Tlmbronek looks to throw downfleld while being pressured by Danee’

ing. the defense was keeping the
Danes in the game. Linebacker
Jim Valentino spearheaded the
defensive unit by making- 15
unassisted tackles while the secon-
dary picked off ﬁve Brian Tim-
br'ouck passes including- three by
Anderson in the ﬁrst half.
Despite Springfield’s
dominance. the Danes found
themselves down by only 10-7 in
the ft'iurth quarter. But in the
ﬁnal 10 minutes. a rash of Albany
State turnovers led to 17 Spr-
ingﬁeld points. transforming a

‘ tight contest into a blowout.

The beginning of the. Albany
State collapse started when a Noz-
zi pass was picked off. setting up
the Chiefs at the Danes’ 15-yard
line.

Timbrouck, who had an
unbelievable night running the
ball for 104 yards on 20 carries.
found success in the air on the
ﬁrst play. completing a 14-yard
pass to the two. One play later.
fullback Don Boland dived over
the goalline to up Springﬁeld‘s
lead to 17-7.

Russell was sent into the game
on the Danes’ next possession
and. under a heavy rush. threw an
errant pass into the chest of
Chiefs cornerback Bryan Durr-
ington. who ran it back to the
Albany 35.

Four plays later, Timbrouck
threw his second touchdown pass
ofthe night. a i4-yarder to a wide
open Dave Woods.

Minutes later. kicker John
Welling kicked his second 35-yard
ﬁeld goal of the night. which was
set up by another Dane turnover,
a fumbled punt by Ray Priore.

Tomorrow's contest versus
Southern Connecticut on Univer-
sity Fielfd will pit Russell against

a.

Women harriers showing theirpersonal best

 
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
 

. ' V i
   Hamilton College provided the next

and Oneonte.

By Catherine Errlg

STAFF WRITER

u" ncomplete victory.

. it was indeed ﬁtting that the cover of
last week's ASP insert. the “Ampersand”
featured a photo of actress Mariel Hem-
ingway. star of the 1982 motion picture.
Personal Best. Because this week ten
members of the Albany State women’:
cross country team achieved their own per-
sonal best times on the university's ﬁve-
kilometer course. times that resulted in until
three victories for the Danes while losing
only one close race. raising the team's
seasonal record to 8-1.

The ﬁrst victory. achieved against Hart-
wick College on September 26. was clinch-
ed before the meet even started: Hart-
wick's team consists of only four
t members. it was primarily for this reason.
' coupled with the fact that Hartwick's
course is particularly treacherous. that ,
‘ Coach Ron White opted to use the same
i pack-running technique that had been suc-
.' cessful against Skidmore College earlier in
'3 the season. it was successful again here,
for although Hartwiclt. led by Karen
Cassidy (19:24). took the ﬁrst three places.
Albany’s "pack" was next; 10 Great
Danes all turning in the identical time of
24:38. good enough to give Albany a 30 to

challenge for the women. a challenge to

which they admirably rose to. even if the
sun didn’t. For it was on this cool, over-
cast September 29 that 10 Albany State
runners ran the best races of their lives.

resulting in the 35-25 Dane victory.

finishers combined times

record of 96:23.8.

Hamilton's Sirpa Rehn and Pam Fann-
ing ﬁnished the course in 18:14 and 18:25
respectively. to take ﬁrst and second place.
However. that would be all for Hamilton
Connie Harrison's eighth-place
ﬁnish. for Lynn Jacobs (18:32). Karen
Kurthy (19:09). Bette Dzamba (18:54).
Kim Pettichord (19:09). and Donna Bur-
nham (19:21). all personal bests. occupied
the next ﬁve positions. Jacobs' outstan-
ding time is now the new record for an
Albany State runner on the course. and have
Karen Kurthy ﬁnished under the old
record as well. Moreover. the ﬁrst ﬁve
of 94:35
established a nes precedent for the top ﬁve
times in a home meet. shattering the old

Smith College and SUNY Oneonta were
the next obstacles in the Danes’ path.
Smith proving to be an obstacle the women
could not overcome. Despite the fact that
five of Albany’s runners. Karen Kurthy
(18:39. third overall). Donna Burnham
(19:03. ﬁfth). Rachel Brasiow (19:46.
ninth). Carla Docharty (20:20. i2th). and
Sue Ouiia (21:04,’ 16th). achieved personal

best times. the runners from Smith. led by
Kirsten Kannergieser (18:16). and Gwen
Hordesty (18:33). and aided by the fact
that Albany's front runner. Lynn Jacobs.

had to sit out the race due to a sore hamstr-
ing. edged out the Danes by a ﬁnal score of

 

30-25. .

The loss was disappointing to the team.
and the decision not to run Lynn was one
that may have cost Albany the meet.
However. Coach White is conﬁdent he'
made the correct choice.

“in order for Lynn to have made the
difference between winning and losing, she
would have had to better her previous best
time of 18:32.” said White. “That would

meant running her all-out which

would have further aggravated the muse]
and possibly ruin her for the season. It jus
wasn't worth the risk.”

The future looks exremely bright for th
Danes. as they look next to the LeMoyn
international (October 6). which Case
White feels will “give the team experienc
in running longer-type races." The ex
perience will beneﬁt the team when the
travel to Piattsburgh for the SUNYACs 0
October 20. and then back home again t
host the Eastem’s. The only remaini
dual-tri meet in the women's season is t
Capital District championship on Octo -
13, a meet which could very possibly gi
the Danes a final record of 10-1. ’

‘4:

 
  
     
     
   
  
   
        
    
        
     
     
     
     
         
        
        
        
      
      
    
     
  
    
  

PU ’ - I,   . _, p. , "
ELISE—18o A 1 THE STA TB umvansrrr’orr New‘yoarr ArALBANY BY nus ALBANY sruomvr’ mass can?

 

 

"I vi Illr‘ lit/l‘ \rm xiii/‘1{ilt't/l/lr'lt'.“ 4' \/'~
Irv/Jim /‘4'.'\it't‘l! I’Jii .llIr/ r'. ’l.‘/‘.J=‘~\ '1'

I VIM/it‘ll "

/.IlIHr'~{ luv/H. \l.v

I‘r't'\It/t'lll’ . . mm

/‘.l”r|lll.’l.'l_:'.llil:'1r/."IlJI mu
h.l\r- Ill Ital. /1 Hit". .' r'rt/r'lé‘ll

[l1 ll’it\

    
       
     
     
        
  

 

ASSOCIATED PRESS

Ferraro and Bush clash over issues
of experience, religion and politics

Philadelphia
(AP) Geraldine A. Ferraro and George Bush stood by
their men. That is.,after all, the role of vicepresidents.

Bush toidpfhl'fjoy in serving as vice president to
Ronalngeagan.‘ "a president who does not apologize for
the“ United States of America."

.Fe'rraro said Walter F. Mondale chooses his causes
because they are right.

“1 wouldn't be standing here if Fritz Mondale didn't
have the courage and my party didn't stand for the values
that it does. the values of fairness, and equal opportuni-
ty,” the congresswoman said.

“This battle is not over.” she said. “For our country.
for our future. for the principles we believe in. Walter F.
Mondale and l have just begun to ﬁght."

So much for the vice presidential campaign debate in
Philadelphia. Now Reagan and Mondale meet again. a
week from Sunday night in Kansas City. to debate foreign
policy. That’s the one that counts‘.

Reagan needs a comeback as a debater after his falter-
ing performance against Mondale last Sunday. Mondale
still needs a comeback as a candidate. Debate points not-
withstanding. he remains a landslide behind in the public

By Kristine Sauer
STAFF WRITER

As parents and guests crowd the podium this
weekend they will ﬁnd a potpourri of happenings
awaiting their attention.'

The visitors will be taking part in the Fourteenth
Annual Community University Day. Parent’s
Weekend, and the Alumni Homecoming.

On Saturday. the Lecture Centers will be ﬁlled with
exhibits celebrating SUNYA's “140 years of service"
to the community. This theme was picked to honor the
1844 founding of the Albany Normal School. an in-
stitution which has evolved into the University at
Albany. one of the four University Centers of the
SUNY system.

“This is the single event that the entire University
sponsors to reach out the community. parents and
Alumni. lt’s University wide. We are going to open up
our doors.” said Event Coordinator Sorrell Chesin.
associate vice president for University Affairs.

For each of the groups participating this weekend.
different events have been prepared.

Parent’s Weekend. beginning at 10 am. Saturday.
will offer a variety of “topic sessions" to interested
parents. Subjects offered range from admissions to
law and medical schools to a discussion on the col-
legiate experience led by Vice President for Student
Affairs Frank Pogue.

 

Comedian Robert Klein will perform for Parent's

Campus buzzing with weekend plans

opinion polls.

ln the interim meeting of understudy candidates Thurs-
day night. Bush and .Ferraro had different missions.
His was to take the offense in Reagan's behalf. to reclaim
whatever momentum the Republicans lost after the ﬁrst
presidential debate. Hers was to prove that a three-term
congresswoman belonged in the vice presidency. '

Bush. whose experience as a debator has not always
been happy. came on strong. extolling Reagan almost
every time he got his turn. He spent more of his time slap-
ping the absent Mondale than criticizing the Democratic
vice presidential nominee he faced. ~

Ferraro seemed intent on underplaying her role as the
ﬁrst woman ever to engage in vice presidential debate.

She slowed her staccato speaking style. made her points
carefully. without wisecracks or one-liners. When ques-
tions were raised about experience. credentials, the ability
of a woman to deal wiih the Kremlin. she peered over her
glasses and spoke firmly. sometimes sternly.

“i can make the hard decisions." she said. “. . . i
wasn't born at the age of 43, when l entered Congress.”

At one point. in a discussion of terrorism. Bush said.

f8>

Weekend. Guests will be treated to a ﬁreworks show
following Klein's 8 pm. performance Saturday night.

C-U Day's open house will feature campus tours
and various department exhibits. A “must see." ac-
cording to Chesin. is the Wally Balloon Display in the
LC area. Children and adults will be able to talk with a
televised cartoon character at that exhibit.

Also featured at C-U Day will be discussions for
prospective students. led by groups of faculty
members from SUNYA's science departments. in ad-
dition. they will conduct a tour of the Nuclear Ac-
celerator Lab. “Most people have no idea we have
one." Chesin said.

The Alumni Association will also be_ hosting
members of the classes of '69. '74. and ’79 Saturday.
As part of those festivities a barbeque for the classes
will be held Saturday evening in the Campus Center
Garden. v

Of course. everyone is invited to the Homecoming
football game against SUNY-Cortland. 1 pm. Satur-
day at University Field. During halftime banners sub-
mitted to the Banner Contes will be judged. and the
Pep band and kickline have promised to be out in full
force to support the Great Danes.

Parent's Weekend will close Sunday morning with
the traditional “Breakfast with the President." an
event which in the past has had the Patroon Room fill-
ed to capacity. Acting University President Judith
Ramaley will speak this year. E]

 

 

   

. I  ' - ..
Frgfln- -~r
U/tluﬁﬂbll'b (LC/Hue 2‘

ULQ (WC/7)”

1

i
r . i ~ ' t ‘
group \
By Jane Anda'.
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDI. vn

Most off-campus students will have until June. 1985 to
comply with a city zoning ordinance. known as the
“grouper law." ,which prohibits more than three
unrelated people from sharing an apartment or house.
Albany city ofﬁcials said Wednesday.

However. at one house located near Quail Street in the
student ghetto area. students say they are caught in the
middle of a struggle between their landlord and the city
which could lead to their eviction under the grouper law.

 

The three floor house contains 14 students in three ‘

separate apartments. according to residents. Under the
“grouper law" ordinance. the house can only contain
three students in each apartment. .

The Bureau. of Code Enforcement is currently “in the
process of evaluating" the house. said bureau director
Mike Alvaro. asserting that the landlord “will be
prosecuted."

One tenant claimed that the city “is after” the
landlord. Jack Buckman. and that the students “ just hap-
pended to be in the way."

Off-Campus Housing Director Karleen Karlson stress-
ed that this is the only house currently under
investigation.

The tenants. Karlson said. will be allowed to stay in the
house for at least another month.

Alvaro said that. while the eviction of tenants “still is a
possibility" in severe cases. the city has agreed to a “ten-
tative deadline" of June 1985 for landlords and tenants to
comply with the ordinance. -

' More than 4,500 students live off campus in areas near
the SUNYA bus line. in the past the city has not rigidly
enforced the grouper law. but many landlords' practice of
renting to more than three unrelated peeple has. accor-

ding to city ofﬁcials. led to the overall deterioration of

the city‘s housing stock.

Total enforcement of the grouper law ordinance could
cause over 1.000 students to be displaced. said Karlson.
who has contended that there isn’t enough housing
available to absorb these students. Albany currently has a
vacancy rate of less than two percent.

The residents of the one house under investigation. ex-
plained that each tenant pays $150 or $160 per month. in-
cluding heat and utilities. “it’s not worth it." said one te-

11>

 

In an effort to “cooperate with the city,” Off-
CImpue Aeeoeietlon Ie sponsoring a “Big Sweep"
effort this Friday to clean up the “student ghetto
area" around Hudson and Hamilton Streets. accor-
ding, to Student Aeeoeletion Vice President Suzy
Aulette. ,

Students will meet at 4 pm. on Hudson and N.
Lake. and plan to circle the area collecting trash
and refuee. The city is loaning 00A a garbage truck
.and ogre to follow the students as they work. Aulet-
eee .

“The Big Sweep" In part of the “Good Tenant
Movement." an effort to show that students want to
help work out problems with overcrowding and
neighborhood deterioration cited by Albany
homeowners. Auletta eald.

—J.A.

 

 
   
   
  
  
    
    
     
        
           
       
       
      
      
      
        
     
      
      
      
     
    
 

 
 
 
 

  

    
   
    
   
     
  
  
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
   
    
  
   
  
   
 
 
     
 
 

   
  
 

  

  

  

     

    
    

 

