 
  

.,.--w..,.~...,_§ A g» k

1
il

 

 

 

 

gmfeptémbﬂ«;a-i-MAN»rrsir/DEWmuss

Hassle .
as; _ j
have been depressed if he didn't do
anything. but knowing that he got the
chance would have made it easier on me.
But it was such a Mr. October situation.

V Oh. would I have loved to‘have seen him

get a chance.

Last, year was the worst. Fourteen

dingers. Forty-nine RBIs. Batting average
of (aheml) .194. As Reggie says. "i couldn't
hit a buck-ninety." Still. there was one big
homer for me.

The Angels are playing Toronto early in
the summer on the Saturday Game of the
Week on NBC. and l'm Watching it at my
beach club. Going into the top of the
ninth. the Angels are losing 6-3.

Bobby Grich leads off with a homer.
making it 6-4. Foll and Boone make out.
Carew keeps things alive with a single to

V left. Juan Beniquez is up. Reggie is on

deck. Please get on. Juan. and let Reggie
get a chancel Just give him a chancel He
lines a 3-1 pitch into left. First'and second.
Lip comes Reggie.

'I‘wo outs. The count goes to 0-2. Foul
ball. Still oh-and-two. A

Then, a fly ball to deep center. it's got a
chance. but I think he got it off the end of
the bat. Back goes Moseby. Back against
the wall. it‘s gone. Angels lead. 7-6.

This year has been fun. what with the
countdown to 500 dominating my life
since opening day. Mostly. it’s been
checking the USA Today boxscore. But
there was that Saturday in May...

I wake up early and study for finals for
two hours before the Angels-Tigers game.
l'm watching with my suitemate Eric.
who loves to get on Reggie just to get on
me.

"Eric." I say to him. “remember that
stiff Juan Berenguer who used to be on
the Mets? He's pitching for the Tigers to-
day. and Reggie's gonna take him deep."

"Mark. how many times do I have to
tell you? Reggie's a washed-up. overrated

he.) didn't .‘get. a (chance to bat. ~I ' would..."

  

bum. He‘s 38-year-old. he can barely see

the ball. and he ought to retire. He‘s.'

finished." Ericﬁ always has a way with
words. ‘. ' -

'1n the fifth inning. Reggie steps to the
plate and. unfortunately. Eric has stepped
out to McDonald's. Berenguer throws a
fastball right down Broadway. 

BOOM! I know this one's gone. The ball
goes over the roof. Over the’ roof.

I start screaming and doing back flips on
my bed. Then, the ultimate. I throw on
my Angels jerse with the number 44 on
the back. I hea oht to the girls‘ softball
field. stand on home plate. and break into
the Reggie trot around the bases. Yeah. i
really did it.

Iget back to the suite. and Eric's sitting
there munching on some fries. This was a

' classic conversation.

"Did you hear?." I yell to him.

"Yeah. Rich was watching in the lounge.
He said Reggie hit one out. He also said he
heard you screaming in here."

"Hit one out? Try over the roofl The ball
came down in a different area code! Not
bad for a washed-up bum."

"Where- were you? Why are you so
sweaty?"

"I ran out to the softball field and did
my Reggie trot aroundthe bases."

“Are you serious?"

"Yeah."

“Mark. sit down a second. i want to talk
to you." '

"Yeah. Eric." .

"i really think you need some
psychological help. When we get home.
l'm going to tell your mom you need to
see a psychiatrist. My Uncle Simon's a
psychiatrist. and maybe he can take care
of you."

Well. I did the same thing last Monday
night. several hours after hearing on the
radio that he hit -500. I told Eric about
what I did on the phone. and all he kept
saying was. “Mark. you need help."

I can’t help it. Eric. Reggie does things
like that to me. '

Only Reggie. (Again. sorry Wayne.) ill

. 3!,‘UESDA Y,«.S_EP,'I}5MBE,R 25.11284 ,  -

 

Footbaflgprovlow
0 Green Bay Packers

' ~The Packers have one of the most ex-
plosive offenss in pro football. But the key
to whether the Packers are such is if
their pitiful defense can improve. Ifthe
Packers can not improve their defense they
will be in a lot of trouble. But if the Packer
defense improvs. the Packers might be
Wewarded with a playoff spot.

Detroit Lions

Detroit came within seconds of advancing
to the NFC championship game. However
Eddie Murray choked big time and one must
wonder what kind of enthusiasm the '84
Lions will go out'and play with. Even with
Billy Sims. the Lions just have 3 below
average passing attack. and only a mediocre
defense at best. Detroit fans should enjoy the
Tigers because the Lions aren‘t going
'anyplace.

Minnesota Vikings

‘ Well. Bud Grant is gone and Tommy
Kramer is coming back from a bad knee.
Kramer is the only positive aspect of a weak
Viking team. The defense is getting older
and will have a new coach to deal with - Les

‘ Steckel. Good luck Mr. Steckel. you're sure

going to need it.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers

With the acquisition of Steve DeBerg from
Denver the Bucs might improve their 1983
record of 2-14. But the Bucs should be about
as exciting as watching Walter Mondale fish
in Minnesota.

NFC WEST

San Fransisco 49ers

The 49ers are the only team that will

 

challenge the Redskins for the NFC crown.
They're strong oﬂaisively. defensively and
have one of the bes coachs in the NFL.
And if the 49ers get luckier with pas in-
terfermce calls than they did a year ago. who
knows how far they can go.

Atlanta Falcons

I

In 1983. the Falcons' big downfall was
defense. Well. they have taken a step in the
right direction by making their first eight
draft picks defensive ones. If the defense can
improve. the Falcons will do well because
they have an explosive offense led by the
best quarterback in the NFL. Steve_Bar-
tkowski. The playoffs might be a year or two

off but the Falcons will surprise a few people.

New Orleans Saints

Y5. the Saints have a good young defense
and yes. the Saints have George Rogers and
yes. the Saints came within seconds of mak-
ing the playoffs in 1983. so it's simple. right -
the Saints will make the playoffs in 1984 -
wrong. First of all. the reason the Saints did
not go to the playoffs in 1983 was due to the
inability of Bum Phillips to make the right
decision at the right time. Second of all. I
hope the Saints don't think they‘ve really
improved themselves by acquiring Richard
Todd. Granted - Ken Stabler can't throw the
ball over 10 yards. but after watching Todd
for many years i have come to the conclusion
that Todd is an overconfident. inconsistent
quarterback who can't handle pressure.

Los Angeles Rams

Even though the Ranm beat Dallas in the
1983 NFC wildcard game the Rams showed

1 they weren't real contenders after their 51-7

10$ to the Redskins. The Rams also lack
receiving which should put premure on the
mediocre Vince Ferragamo. The Rams‘
defense is getting older and one must wonder
how long it can hold up. Watch folks... the
Los Angela Rams should fall faster than the
Roman Empire. ’ ﬂ

 

 

Rosh Hashana Services

in Campus Center
Assembly Hall

Wednesday, September 26. . . . 6&0 p.ln.
Thursday. September 27 . . . . . . 9:30 n.m. '
Friday, September 28 . . . . . . . . . 9:30 mm.

Traditional Conservative

Service
* Albany's Synagogues and Temples
welcome you!
i Home hospitality is available
(call before Sept. 21)
For-further information.
contact Ja Kcﬂmnn at Chapel House - 489-8573

    
 
 

 

 

 

Trade

comm 11 mm
I '7 nib-[K3 ‘  9

 

 

 

THE VlLLAGE
BOOijlTH

man Secondhand papcr~
/ bag to ghooso Prom
halfpr'iqe 6': 147.515 ,
, 1 your used Q aSSIcs
science; action and westerns

  
 

 

900 QENTRAL AVE.
Iraq-v7.26!  e W

 

 

 

  

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Racquetball Tourney

Oct 687th

Beginner Er ﬁdvonced Flights
(Mole Er Female)

55 Entry Fee

Signup due Sept. 30

Bx. 1209 Colonial

Rm. 1902'7-7504

sponsored] [by tithe
EittliilYIGi Reenmeebouu @Llcub

 

$61 [Funded]

 

 

 

"Riversity auxiliary Services

Buy 1 submarine and get
I 1 can of soda free and
1 bag of potato chips free.

valid only in Quad Cafeteria. i“ ‘ﬁjljwf I,
.  gm,
One coupon per customer. t‘; “yak;


Wound (than ©eeobor a.
Sunday Sloanumiﬂdmﬂgibe

 

 

_bﬂ@m<ﬂeyuiiihorscloy @Emmc-Wﬂgﬂmﬂgmg

 

 

      
 

 

 

 

LETTERS

Too. much noise
To the Editor:

1 would like to pose o question to the plant department
of the this university — Why is construction on the
podium still'going on?

I stayed up in Albany this summer and was on the
podium every doy for most of the summer. Although
bulldozers and construction workers were in sight every
day, why has it taken the entire summer and through into
the fall semester for the task of pulling up all the trees and
replanting new ones? "

The major problem with this whole scheme is that the
noise from all the machinery buzzing around the podium
interferes with ongoing classes. Two of my classes are in
the Earth Science building, and several times my pro-
fessor has had to literally scream to be heard over the
noise of a jackhammer directly beneath the windows of

~ . our classroom.

in addition to that. it’s rather disheartening to discover '-
that going to classes is a virtual obstacle course of cir-
cumventory fences and piles of dirt. Will this construc-
tion be completed before parent's weekend or will stu-
dent’s parents leave Albany convinced that their sons and
daughters are learning the ﬁne art of bulldozer dodging?
‘As a senior at SUNYA, I was looking forward to enjoy-
ing the fall weather on the podium before we're inuno
dated with snow and foul weather. Unfortunately. this is
going to be difﬁcult to achieve over the din of jackham-
mers and bulldozers.
——Llso Strain

Voter turnouts

To'the Editor:

Now that Albany State has become one of the leading
schools in the country in terms of voter registration. it is
time that we become concerned with voter turnout. This
is a crucial year for students to emerge as a powerful
voting block. The consequences of another year of poor
student voter turnout will be evident in the detrimental
legislation that will be targeted at students. Exorbitant
tuition increases and 21 year old drinking age proposals
would be few and far between if students had the power
to turn unfavorable legislators out of ofﬁce.

Thioio the ﬁrst youths! Albany itudclrto'will bccligi-
ble to vote in their campus cornmunlty ln-o presidential

election year. Student lenders waged a prolonged bottle to -

obtain that right. In November I9”; their efforts

culminated in o temporary injunction which granted-

Albnny studto the right to vote in Albany.

Students must turn out in force this your. ~lf they do.
student inﬂuence will increase not only on a local but na-
tional level. Notional ofﬁcials will think more seriously
before they vote to cut student old and local ofﬁcials will
think twice before they throw garbage like the grouper
law at off campus students. If we come out this year in
force it can be guaranteed that next year the political
leaders will be coming to us to ask what they can do for
us. After all these years of being ignored. we'll have plen-
ty to tell them.

—Stcvc Gowlcy
Student Action Choir

Disappointed student '

To the Editor:

I don’t understand why there are no letters to the editor
anymore. I just graduated from SUNYA in May. and l'm
really disappointed to see the lack of participation in the
letters section this year. What’s this school coming to
anyway?

When I was an undergrad. this page was chock full of
letters from student leaders. ordinary students and other
members of the university community. With all the issues
around this year. people should have a lot to say: the
“W”, the bus fee, the SUNY athletic fee, 2| drinking
age. the elections. etc.

Is SUNYA falling in line with all those cliches about
apathy and the “me generation"? Arc this year's students
so concerned about themselves that they have no urge to
speak out for what they believe? This page is the voice of
the university. and l for one am disappointed to see it fall-
ing silent.

—Peter Trevouledes

Crime oomrrited
To the Editor:

It's a crime that they moved the Off Campus Housing
Association and exiled it all the way off to State Quad.

Firstofoll. wbcnyoulivooff'compiu.youbovono
reasontogonearStotoQuod.‘l‘bcCompuoCmtuiltruly
ologlcol choice. no wondathoodminlstrotionwontodlt
moved. Wheneveryoumotciuocsyoumungolntbm

vicinity of the Campus center. '

I would like to conclude by saying that moving
OCA ofﬁce to State Quod has made it totally obsolete.
l'npplo

.Alurmi user room

To the Fallton‘ ‘ ' ‘ .

A bad decision was made by SUNYA when it decided
to put a user room in State Quad. Therein a much greater
need on Alumni Quad for o user room.

The whole reason for putting user rooms in the Quads
was to make it easier for students to use the University
Computer. The other four Quads are all within walking
distance of three large uicr rooms on the campus.

Alumni Quad is right in the heart of student housing. A -
user room on Alumni would be much more useful than on
any other Quad.

Due to the distance, the phone call cost may be higher,
but Alumni has unlimited local culling which should
make the cost only nominal.

—Josoph Leonard

Jewish life

To the Editor:

On Saturday evening, September 22. a beautiful Torah
was donated to the Jewish student community at SUNY
Albany, by Professor and Mrs. Donald Cohen. A
beautiful Torah dedication ceremony was held followed
by traditional selichot service (preparing for the Jewish
New Year). at Chapel House. Through the Cohen's
generosity Jewish life at SUNYA will remain strong 'and
be greatly inspired by the Torah for a very good New
Year.

—Ellcn Dickter

 

aspects I

David LL. Looliln. Edllorln Cir/o!
Jon'y Compton, Mon-ulna EdIIoI

 Grllll
o Andaman. Joni-o O'Bulllvon

lnhn Kn"...
........... ..Joo Fuoco, Michollo Kroll
L "‘ Tnm Kocondoo
l-n Spoiling

...Moro Barman. Kolth Mordor
DAM Chum

. ..... ..Edwud Rolnoo

Editors Donn Boll. Bob Gordlnlor. Mark G or. Patricio Mll-

choll, Woyno Poor-boom. Lloo strain. Edited-l Aoololonlo: Allcln clmboro.

Ill" om": Mlchollo Buohol. Joanna con-van, Mario Carilnb. Kovln Clarita.

   

 

 

Ion Clomonto. Botlo Dumbo. Cothloon Erna. Ronald Bruit nor-ton, Judy
Gooohwlnd. Bob Honlon. Eric thdln, Nonno Koo. Allco McDonnoti. Lloo
erubollo. John Portion Chnollno Roiiolt. Joo Romano. Mich-oi Skolnlck. Hick
Swanson. Pony Tloohlor, llono Wolnoioln, John Wllmoit [poetran ood Evonlo
“for. illn- Voung Anlot: Siovo Bryoon

Judy Toni, Bullnuo Manon"
Lynn 8mm. Auoclolo Bua/nul Monogor
Jono "Inch. Amnlnlnn Monopor
‘ Who Krolmo'. salon Manager

............Rlndoo Bohlr

0-" Porno!

on.“ 5mm.”

" M-rﬁ Cotoiono

Advonlolng Ioloo: auo Kloin, Dovld WIIlmoll. Advonlolhg Production: Elolno

Frlodof, Moira Kollott. Sharon Okun. Lynn Bolgol. Oilloo sum Chrllllno
Binghl. Linda Dole-do. Fun Loﬂnoo. Morlerit Rounlhol

Suoon Kohl. Production Man-pol
Pooh-up: Jnnnlfor Haydon Choullouu: Wonon Nurwllz. hlohord Shondon
ChlolTypooollor ............................................................... ..Loncoy Hoym-n

 

Typloto: Lynda Androvlah. Sarah Evolond. Pom Bit-ubor. Judy Shovlln.
Photography principally Iuppllod by University Photo Borneo. o oludont

Ohio! Photographs: Erle- Bplogol UPS Ito": Amy Cohort. Lynn Drolluo. Clndy
aolwoy, Adam Ginsberg. Kenny Klroch, Robert Luokoy, Joo Schwondor. Lin
Simmons, Robort aousy. Waugh afoul. David atrlck

lnllro oonlonlo copyrlohl to“ Albany lludonl Pnoo Commllon. Ill rights
rooonod.

Tho Albany atuoont Prooo is published Tuoodoyo um Frldoyo bolwoon
August and Juno by lho Albany Sludom Pro" Corporation, on Indopondonl
not-lor-proill corporation.

Editorials on which by the Editor In Chlol wllh monisz at tho Edllorlol
BOIM: policy lo oublool to rovlow by tho Editorial Board. Advnnlolng pollny
dooo not nocooootlly roilool odllorlol policy.

MoIIIno oddron:
Albany Student Prooo. cc 329
400 Washington Avo.

 

Albany NV 12222

 

Letters!!!

‘ The ASP wants letters to the editors,
columns, and political cartoons

This is ‘ your space!

Letters. columns and cartoons concerning life on and
. off campus. around the world. and across the very cosmos
may be dropped off in Campus center 329. Letters should
be no more than 300 words. All submissions should be
signed and include your phone number.

 

 

 

. (bid) «143921va

mama...” ..,.......,........ an...” .... .. _

 

