 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

Strands

I hang by
my hair.
each strand
pasted to
the ceiling
as tension
tears the
tiny roots,
and one

by one
they give up
their grip
and' hang

unattached —-
free from me.

Loren Ginsberg

 

Unraveling as Art

1 coil myself copper

wiring that may burn into

the electrician who plunders me
faulty wiring;

Copper golden as aurora
Burning spooling into a being

because lay burdened and soiled

my thighs thickly impressioned

the wire engraved on my skin
unraveled l escape into

fading impressions and shadows

like the yellowing parchment of Galitzianer

ancient Torahs saved from the fire
two scores ago and 1 lost.

I could have burned
Bright blazes l recoil unraveled
in a Modigliani painting

Chava bat‘Sarah

 

'Food For Thought

When your world
Thunders

g Cracks and

Reigns
crushing boulders...

Your howls of pain

are punched

back down your

bloody empty sore throat
swallowing chipped china teeth
choking rage and frustration

at least you’ll have something in your turn

tonight.

Who cares

Who’ll care

except those who

tremble and crumble themselves.

Do onto others as you would unto you.

Under all. unite and fight!

Janice Chune

  

:,o .~‘i~:,

November. 13

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

he second collaborative effort by
Andy Summers and Robert
Fripp,Bewitched, is once again a
combination of two very different ap-

proaches to the guitar and its relationship
to the music.

Chris K. Hayes

What the textured approach refers to is
Summer’s use of the guitar, much the same
way a painter uses color; varying shades
and combining them to create an overall
effect. Summers is from the new school of
guitar that doesn’t use the guitar in the con-
ventional sense of lead/rhythm but as a
tool to alter and shape the sound. People
like Adrian Belcw, Steve Stevens and The
Edge — along with other new bands —— are
applying this technique with fantastic
results.

The opposite approach would define
Fripp's style A the approach towards
guitar as a load/rhythm instrument. But
Fripp is not a typical guitarist in any sense
of the word. His approach may be textural
to some degree, but overall his function is
that of a guitarist who plays the guitar with
great respect for time and theory.

At present both are on hiatus from their
full—time positions, Summers with the
Police and Fripp with King Crimson.‘

An interesting parallel exists bcween
Summers and Belew, the other guitarist for
King Crimson. Both guitarists are from the
new school, and although Fripp seems to
be in control of both Fripp/Summers and
King Crimson, there is enough room for
the two to play because of the diversity in
style.

Fripp seems to work his best when
paired with a guitarist of a contrasting ap'
proach to the instument. in fact, the reason
Summers gives for playing with Fripp on
these albums is that he feels that he brings
out the best in Fripp and that Fripp brings
out the best in him.

The album is also a work of contrast.
Side one consists of three songs, each with

 

 

Julian Lennon Comes Of Age

album, Valotte. Many of you may

have been aware of John Lennon’s
son by his first marriage and of his inclina-
tion towards things musical, but Valotte is
the first encounter virtually anyone has
had with the 21-year-old’s music. How
does it sound?

I ulian Lennon has released his first

 

Corey Levitan

 

The first time I heard Julian's voice was
an eerie experience. Va/ottc’s title track
came on the radio and i couldn't believe
my cars. It was John Lennon to the tect My
initial reaction was disgust. l thought that
Julian’s genetic predisposition allowed him
to do the best John Lennon impression the
world has ever heard, and was doing just
this with his music. Later I heard another
Va/ottetune entitled "Too Late For Good—
byes" which reinforced my opinion. This
song and the title track sounded like long-
lost songs from Double Fantasy and Mind
Games, respectively.

Then I discovered from a television in-
terview that Julian’s speaking voice hap-
pens to be identical to his father’s, which is
a pretty hard thing to fake. i decided to
listen again to the tracks l taped from the
radio and i realized that Julian isn’t doing
an impression of his father at all. His
natural voice just sounds very similar to
John’s.

Having gotten beyond that initial pre-
judice, 1 also discovered that although the
musical styles of the two artists are similar,
Julian’s music is just that, Julian’s music. in
fact, ,Valatte sounds more like early Billy
Joel material than John Lennon music. This
isn’t just an arbitrary analogy. Joel’s pro-
ducer Phil Ramone produced Valotte and
his influence, especially in a song called

 

 

 

. Vinyl Views

Fripp And Summers A Bow itching Pair

   

 

 

 

an upbeat rhythm and a structured design.
Sign two is less structured and more intent
on creating a mood-it is as if they take you
through seven different dreams.

Side one is powerful. lt opens with
‘Parade’ which builds on a simple rhythm
and is relatively light compared with the
rest of the album. But as an introduction it
serves its purpose well.

The second song, 'What Kind Of Man
Reads Playboy,’ is excellent: it gives up
both of the players in top form. The song

. consists of three main phrases which alter-
nate along with great bass lines and some

fantastic drum machine programming.
The real points-ofrinterest of this song
,are the solos, the first from Summers and

"Let Me Be," may have been substantial.

Unfortunately, due to the similarity in
the Lcnnon voices and since there is no
Julian Lennon music to compare Valotte’s
material with, it’s too easy for the listener
to fall into the trap into which I initially
fell. I’m sure many critics will compare
Julian's music to John's . I do not think it's
fair to judge the work of a guy fresh out of
adolescence against that of one of the most
creative and influential musical geniuses of
our time and I will proceed to judge this
album in its own right.

Valatte, recorded in Alabama and New
York and named after a chateau in France
where the songs were written, features a
cast of largely unknown musicians, with
the exception of former Wings drummer
Steve Holley. Julian is mostly at home on
the keyboards and drums. His voice is frail
and doesn’t have a particularly impressive
range, but extensive use of rich harmonies
compensates enormously for this.

As for Julian’s writing ability, it's worth
noting that he either wrote or had a hand
in writing every single song on the album.
This is an impressive feat, since although
the ten compositions are structually simple,
utilizing familiar chord progressions, each
is interesting in its own way.

The title track also the album’s first
single, is a mellow piece which involves
'four engaging melodies. The synthesis of
these melodies comes off weaker than its
‘ individual parts though, as they don’t flow
naturally into each other and the effect is
confusing. Lyrically, "Valotte" is un-
creative. Julian starts three of his stanzas by
'sitting on a doorstep’, ‘sitting on a pedal by
the river’ and ‘sitting in the valley'. Doesn‘t
this guy's ass ever get sore? At a little over
four minutes in length, the song drags as
well. it wouldn’t have been my choice for

 

 

 

the second from Fripp. Summers isn’t
known for his solo playing, so when he
does he plays very carefully, avoiding the
excesses that some lead guitar players in
dulge in. As Summers' solo fades out,

Fri '5 comes crashin in. The solo is ure’
PP s

Fripp. lt weaves in and out of the song and
ends with a long, dropping growl.

The last song on side one is 'Begin The
Day.’ it begins with loud, controlled feed-
back as the band kicks into the quickest
song on the album. The song is held down
by Summers using his trademark long,
ringing chords and Fripp’s wailing solos.
The underlying rhythm is complex and
works with the guitar playing to create the
most powerful song on the album.

Va/ottc's first single.

A better candidate would have been the
reggae-flavored "Too Late for Goodbyes."
This upbeat, light tune is the most obvious
pop song on Va/ottc and will surely be a
hit. The lyrics on this one are rudimentary
("Ever since you've been far away, I’ve
been wanting to fly. Now I know what
you meant to me. I'm the one who should
cry") but they perfectly accentuate the
perky melody. A cameo harmonica solo
from Toots Thiclcmans repeats the vocal
line exactly and would seem disappointing
in almost any song imaginable, save for
this one.

Another winner is the bluesy "On The
Phone." The melody is hooky and hits
home with a devastating punch on the
refrain. it’s probably not hit material but
it's very powerful.

The sleeper on Valotfe is a song called
“Say You’re Wrong," a busy, sort of ‘Four
Seasons melody meets Genesis arrange-
’ment' rock song. The melody, fortified by
'pungcnt horn and guitar sections, is ab-
solutely infectious. I haven’t heard "Say
You're Wrong” on the radio yet but I think
it’s the best song on Valotte. You have to
hear this one.

"Well I Don’t Know” is the most lyrical-
ly provocative song on Valotte: "Look up
as l lie in bed, feeling the presence of the
dead. . .Are you a part of my family

' tree7...There’s something I've got to ask, ls
there life after death for me” It’s pretty ob-
vious to whom Jules is speaking here. The
song never picks up though it is victim of a
boring melody.

The funky OK for you, is well, OK.
Julian's shouting vocal sounds great and the
music sounds a little like The Who’s
“Eminence Front,” but the song’s jazzy

 

 

The second song on side two is ’Bewitch-
ed.’ This song opens with Summérs pla, t. 1g
harmonics while Fripp, with the guitar 5) :-
thesizer, bring the melody through tl,
song. This is the only song on the album to
use vocals~a|though they are so faint they
seem to just follow the melody.

The third song is 'Tribe.’ 'Tribe' sounds
remarkably like a combination of songs
from the King Crimson album Discipline. It
is an interesting song that is played well,
but if you like this l would recommend
picking up a copy of ’Discipline.’

Next on the album is ’Maquillage.’ This
is the most beatiful song on the album.
Fripp supplies the main theme and Sum-
mers (on acoustic guitar) lends the song an
etheral sound as he brings the melody to its
all too soon conclusion.

The fifth the song is ’Guide,’ which has
guitar following guitar. Fripp is known for
his use of delay, the process of repeating a
phrase according to predetermined inter-
vals. This song features Fripp using delay

' to accompany himself; to create the effect
' of two guitars playing at once. The result

of this is fascinating.

A criticism of this album might be that
the songs have a tendency to sound too
similar. This is most evident on the second
side, especially ’Train,’ 'Forgotten Steps,’
and ’lmage and Likeness.‘ The second side
also has the potential for boredom. lwould
caution against listening to side two on a
Walkman. I did and had the strangest feel-
ing that t was in an tngemar Bergman film
u- without subtitles.

Don’t get me wrong, i love the album.
The few criticisms are minor compared to
the excellent performances by the two.
This is particularly true on ‘Begin the Day'
and ’Maquillage.’

I found it unlikely for Summers and
Fripp to record together for the first album,
let alone a second. But as long’as they re-
tain the originality and energy of the first
two albums, they can continue to create
some of the most interesting music
available today. Cl

melody is just so predictable and the lyrics
so undeveloped (it’s OK for you, 'cause it’s
OK , OK"), that the song can't cut it.

Jesse. with its glorious Prince-like syn—
thesixcr backing, is boring. Julian’s vocal is
flat, the melody is nothing special, and i
wonder if people are really interested in
the adventures of ’Jesse, Juanita and the
gang outside Frank's drive-in.’

"Let Me Be,” a two-minute, melancholy
piano ballad is good, but the sound is too
familiar. It's hard to imagine that the song
wasn’t written by a certain dejected
pianoman in a Long island bar during the
early '70.

"Lonely" is effective if it was intended to
depress the listener. A painful bass whine

V and a woeful melody played in the minor
mode produce an agonizing effect.

There is one outright clunker on Valotte.
"Space" is a sedate number that lacks
rhythm. The Julian‘on-Julian harmony is
prominent on this song, but the tedious
melody is rendered even more powerless
without a beat. it sort of reminds me of a
similarly silly celestial Stones song from
Tattoo You called “Heaven,"although that
song was much better.

On the whole, Valotte is a surprisingly
good debut album from Julian Lennon.
Though its initial selling strength does

‘ come from the Lennon name, if this were
Valotte’s only forte, then the novelty
would wear off soon, and the next Julian
Lennon album would not do as well. i
don’t see this as a possibility. .

Although a few songs on Valotte may

_ be bland, none (with one exception), are
plain bad, and a few are amazing. For bet-

. ter or worse, the Lennon voice is back on
the airwaves and in the future if one pro-
fesses to be a Lennon fan, he might have to
indicate which one he's referring to. Cl

  

 
 

