 

i
t
i
i
.

 

‘ ' ‘_ 3] "Wmmrnassnnwavﬁcmseasum

A—_§

‘ ' PROUDLY PRESENTS PARENTS WEEKEND WITH

 

t

 

  

 

 

i. l
: z z
. , x _ s: I, g z s to L
-. t 2" .' "a: ‘”' I t ’  . ‘
.  '  9 "Vi. ' .r. I.

 

, ROBERT KLEIN
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13th
UNIVERSITYGYM *

8:00 pm. -'— Reserved Seats!
$5. 00 first ticket with tax Sticker
$8.50 each additional ticket with tax sticker
(Limit 3 tickets per tax sticker)
$12.00 General Public '

Tickets available at 3rd Fl. Ticket Window in the Campus Center
Beginning Monday, October 8th at 10:am

S.A. Funded

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Jane Anderson
mum news sums

Student demonstrators got the results they
wanted last week when the SUNY Board of
Trustees voted down two proposals that could have
made a move from NCAA Division Ill to Division l
sports possible for several state schools. including
SUNYA.

At the same meeting. the SUNY board
unanimously approved a third measure that man-
dates the creation of a Board of Athletic Control on
each campus to administer funds for all intramural
and intercollegiate sports.

This bill, however, does not affect SUNYA
because such a board is already in existence on the
campus, according to SUNYA Student Association
President Rich Schaffer.

One of the rejected proposals, which was voted
down 5 - 4 by the Board of Trustees, would have
established an administration controlled athletic fee
at each school. This proposal drew the strongest
student opposition. '

The other proposal, defeated by a vote of 6 - 3,
would have allowed state schools to offer grants-in-
aid to students on the basis of their athletic ability.

The ratio of students to faculty to administrators
on the SUNY Boards of Athletic control will be
discussed by the trustees at their next meeting, ac-
cording to Schaffer. NCAA regulations require that
the boards consist of at least 51 percent faculty and
administrators, and at least 33 and one third per-
cent students.

More than 60 students packed the Board room
and later staged a sit-in opposing the proposals on
the first day of the two day Trustee meeting.

Meanwhile. students who were told that they
could not enter the 13th floor Board room because
of ﬁre safety laws picketed outside in protest of the
proposals.

Student leaders have opposed the athletic fee, the
Boards of Athletic Control. and the grants-in-aidc
to student athletes from the start, calling the moves

' SA Pnaldant Rich Schaffer

   

't.~v}(!‘.' w». v .

Trustees scrap Division l’sports
after students combat proposal

taken out of the hands of student governments
SUNY-wide, and be placed under the jurisdiction
of a “Board of Athletic Control” on each carnptw

This proposal, task force members claimed.
would ensure that schools conform with the NCAA
bylaw requirements. Student leaders insisted that
SUNY Athletic Conference is already in compliance
with the NCAA rules.

The second action proposed recommended that
the mandatory student activity fee be lessened by
approximately 25 percent on each campus, and that
a separate “athletics fee" be charged to cover the
cost of intercollegiate and intramural sports
programs.

The third action suggested by the task force

 

 

“an administration power grab" to take control of Claims "dedication and concern" for athletes

the mandatory student activity fee away from stu-
dent governments. Funding for campus spans cur-
rently comes out of the student activity fee.

At the Trustee meeting last Tuesday, Student
Association of the State University President Sue
Wray said that she was willing to compromise on
the issues of the Control Board and the grants-in-
‘aide, but maintained that she remained firmly op-
posed to the institution of an athletic fee.

“1 will not accept a fee—lcan’t—a fee impedes
access” to the SUNY system, Wray insisted. She
argued that the athletic fee would “open a Pan~
dora’s Box for anything." Wray is the only student
member of the Board of Trustees.

While the students stood up silently and joined
hands to express their opposition to the proposals.
Wray made an appeal to the other trustees, asking
them, “Why is it so hard to decide on this?"

She proposed an immediate vote on the issues,
arguing that “We know how people feel -— you're
‘never going to get a concensus."

The sit-in occurred after the Board chose to
postpone its vote until the second day of the
meeting. ~

SASU Communications Director Eveline Mac-
Dougall said that the students then decided that
they “were not going to leave." Approximately 40
students staged the sit-in.

"They just let them sit there for a while, and then
they started getting very nervous," said
MscDougall.

The students left a few at a time for about an
hour, she said, until a “core group" of students
“took over the Trustee table and held a meeting
about how the (board) meeting had gone.”

MacDougall said that, after about an hour had
passed. two Board members went up to speak to the
students about the issues. and, because of the talk.
“things have just turned around.”

“i think the sit-in had a lot to do" with the
Trustees' rejection of the athletic fee and the
grants-in-aide. Wray said. She added that many
campus presidents had spoken out against the pro-
posals at the dinner following the Tuesday meeting.

“This was very crucial to the next day's meeting
and vote,“ Wray said, noting that “it wasn't just
students" opposing the changes. . '

The proposals that were under consideration
came out of a report from the Quality of Student
Life Task Force, a Trustee appointed group that
took on campus athletics as its first topic for study.

The task force recommended that control of the
funds for intercollegiate and intramural sports he

would have changed SUNY policy to allow grants-
in-aid, regulated by the Chancellor and funded
from “non-state" sources such as the athletic fee
and possibly Alumni contributions, for student
athletes.

The Trustees heard testimony from four student
representatives and from one faculty representative
during the two hour meeting, as well as explana-
tions of the issues from Vice Chancellor for
Employee Relations and Educational Services
James Smoot.

SASU's Vice President for Campus Affairs
Thomas Swan spoke first, giving a brief history of
the Quality of Student Life Task Force and of inter-
collegiate sports at SUNY.

Swan accused "certain administrators." which
he did not name. of setting up the Task Force with a
pre-determined outcOme, and of attempting to
railroad the three proposals through the Board of
Trustees.

He noted that there were only four students on
the 27 member task force, and that these students
voted three times to boycott the meetings.

Swan asserted that the task force was to review all
aspects of athletics at SUNY. but that “intramurals
and clubs have never even been addressed." ~

Schaffer discussed the issue of student control
over the funds for campus sports programs. He

quoted from a task force staff report, which he said “

stated that SUNY student governments could hold
sports programs “hostage for political reasons."
and then gave examples of student governments’
relations with campus sports to counter this
argument.

At SUNYA, Schaffer said. the average increase
per year in athletic funding over the past seven years
has been $13,000. SUNYA's student government
has shown “dedication and concern" for athletes,
he asseted, adding. “the stability argument is
basically out the window."

SUNY Buffalo Student Government President
Jane McAlevey said that the proposed move to
Division i has already begun to affect Buffalo with
the loosening of admission guidelines. and with
football coaches refusing try-outs to students who
haven't played ball in high school.

President of the State University Faculty Senate
Joe Flynn said there are “critical issues facing
SUNY and intercollegiate sports is not one of
them." He said he opposed the athletic fee. grants-
in-ald to student athletes, and a move to NCAA
Division 1. i3

 

 

-s

' sums lmomo
CONTINUES“
(SIGNUM LAUDIS

 

 

 

 

YOUR HONOR SOCIETY
, is having 3
GENERAL INTEREST MEETING
to prepare for an
EXCITING YEAR"
on Monday. October 8th
at 7pm BA 349

 

 

 

BE PROUD
BE A PART OF SIGNUM
LAUDIS

SA Recognized

 

 

 

é

 

NoJurndowns...No hassles
We will cater to your needs.
Low cost (into 5 Motorcycle
Insurance

.-
’

Barry S. Scott insurance agency
1020 Central (Iva.
(opposite Bob in Ron's Fish Fry)

New |ocotion.moro convenient to _
Sunyo Campus.

489-7405 Fri-9-SPm

 

 

 

CAREERS
tillli
PROFESSIONAL (ERA! )l '.\‘l'li i'R( )(iR.\.\lH

(i()\’lZR.\'.\lli.\"l‘ & l.\"|‘liR.\'.\'l‘l().\'.\L

AFFAIRS
\n lulu Illllrli (Ilhl It~~ii in with
’('|ll('Nt'lII|llI\l"s I II in III] tlu'

Jnltn l7. Kt‘lllll'li)‘ St'ltnul ul'titwt'rnnit-nl
Public Policy Program
ll.\R\'.\Rl) l'.\'l\'lillSl'l‘Y
8t
\\'l)()til'li\\' “ii-am Hi In ml
of l’tli)|i(‘ illiti llllt‘l'lhllilnhll Allah's
I’IlINCl-Z’lt ).\' l',\'l\'l-ZRSl‘l'Y
I)i|lt': Wed Oct 10
Th 1 it -: _ .A,A2_T£_Q[9ut2e--__s a.

I’Iau'v: MwYour Careeerlacement Center. a,”

,\II yours. ilil IlliIIHl'h \t'l‘lt'ttlllt‘.
l-‘tu' ultillllitlihll inlnrmnlinn. plouw t'nnltu'l
your stimuli: (‘nrt-t'r l)(‘\'(‘l()|llll('lll I‘Im't'mt'nl ()lli( v.

 

 

 

 
     

