 

 

macaw". -mwﬂ‘w‘“ '

 

ywaaablackwoman'denled aUASappointment
‘ washtergiventoawhite man? ‘
’ ’ Racism?
Sexism?
Bad judgement?
A bad interview system?
Personal politics?

Whatevathereasons.thelatestcriesofracismand
other harsh words ﬂung across the Central Council table
remind us that issues of equal rights are hard fouaht. and
that the barriers of mutual understanding. or discrimina-

tion. don’t fall easily.

Last week. after heated debate. Central Council
voted down the appointment of Laura Johnson to a
seat on the UAS Board of Directors. Laura is a black
woman.

This week. Central Council approved the appoint-
ment of Ross Abelow to a seat On the UAS Board of
Directors. Ross is a white man. With a questionable
record.

But there is more to this scenario than a case of

racism and/or semm.

Behind all the bitterness, the accusations, frustra-
tion and confusion seem to be three things:
>conﬂicts of commitment to equal rights and anti-
discrimination within SA
>a lack of mutual sensitivity — sometimes ap-
proaching open hostility —- between some minority
and non-minority student leaders
and an interview process for SA appointments that
sometimes falls short in thoroughness and intent.

SA's commitment to non-discrimination has been

srowlns  this:  ‘  i... years. Unfortunate-
ly. most of that com t comes from the top.

“The executive branch has become increasingly

enlightened, but many member" of Central Council
remain difficult 'to reach .rii:'~ ‘here is, more
minority involvement in' SA and greater concern for
for minority issues the Council tat e remains a hotb-
ed of antagonism and a difficult bridge to cross.

Take for example the case of Laura Johnson.
In order to receive the position she applied for,

Laura — like all other applicants — would have to.

pass three tests: First. an interview with SA executive
ofﬁcers; second, an interview with the internal Af-
fairs Committee of Central Council; and third a vote
by the entire Council. .

Laura was approved after her ﬁrst interwew.
Among her qualiﬁcations were two personal ac-
complishments: working out a proposal to increase
minority hiring by UAS in the quads and the campus
center, and getting the bookstore to sell hair care
products for blacks.

in her second interview, with internal Affairs,
Laura reportedly ﬂoundered, and gave inconsistant
answers. Reason enough not to approve her appoint-
ment. right?

Well, this is where mutual understanding comes
in. Laura's first interview was with people who are
dedicated to non-discrimination: men, women,
black and white, including SA's minority affairs
coordinator.

The second interview was with four white men
whose sympathies with — or against — minorities
were unknown. A black woman walking into that
situation is automatically going to feel a good deal of

intimidation. The difference between the two inter-
view setups was bound to yield some dubious results.

'Curiously. Ross Abelow made it through both
interviews and the vote with seeming ease. Yet, last
semester he admittedly ran a large party on State
Quad without a liquor license, violating university
regulations and Albany city law. Then he lied to
university officials in order to keep the partygoing.

Though one may admire Abelow's maverick en.
thusissm, it still seems a tad bizarre that the inter.
view process, with its standard. set of questions,
could not include a discussion of Boss' questionable
past. The issue did not come up while Council ap-
proved his appointment.

In the wake of this confusing controversy we ﬁnd
an interview process which denied _a uniquely
qualiﬁed applicant while approvrng a umquely ques-
tionable one. ‘ .

And where student leaders on both sides of the
issue should have made an extra effort to work
together. we ﬁnd severe resentment, antagonism and
close-minded defensiveness.

And we ﬁnd Laura Johnson, who is left in this
wake as a victim of discrimination.

To pass this off simply as discrimination or as an
overreaction by minorities is unfair. SA has been
making a sincere effort to ensure equality within its
organization and throughout the campus. But there
are obviously‘still problems, both with the system
and with some of the people who run it.

Hopefully, everyone involved will learn from the
examples of Laura Johnson and Ross Abelow. i]

 

COLUMN '

Religion and Politics, why nOt?

The issue of politics and religion has captured a great
deal of media attention recently and, not surprisinglyi
this election year many of our political leaders have taken
liberty to comment on the volatile subject. The general
concensus being drummed up, largely by the media, is
that there is too much involvement on the part of chur-
ches into public policy. Several nights ago, for example,
CBS News ran a special report on “Religion and Politics"
in which anchorman Dan Rather commented:
“Americans appear to be telling us that they see the grow-
ing merger of church and state in our society...and disap-
prove of it."

Craig J. Rucker

' A CBS News poll went on to show that over 70 per cent

of all Americans believe that there is too much religious
influence in politics. Some of those interviewed went as
far as to claim that the Constitution was being threaten-
ed, which expressedly prohibits the "establishment" of
religion. it is as though there is a major effort underway
to "purify" politics of religion.

The source of this current antagonism is not entirely
clear. Perhaps the answer is as obvious as what President
Reagan articulated in a prayer breakfast in Dallas, and
that is that many “Americans who follow rigorous
separation of church and state are intolerant of religion.”
What is evident, however. is that this effort will fail. To
attempt to form clevages between the two is not only im-
practicable, but socially undesirable as well. The church-
state linkage is older than America itself, and for the
media to instill fear over this issue is quite unfounded.

Of course. one should not imply that there has always
hear harmony between the two. For centuries. there has
been much blood spilt because individuals worship God
differently. From old world conﬂicts such as the crusades
and the Protestant Reformation to more recent conflicts
in Lebanon and lreland, religion and politics has con-
tributed a great deal to human misery. So our founding
fathers were indeed wise when they decided that our new
nation should not be either Catholic or Protestant. as
were many other nations at the time. instead it was laid
down that Jews. Muslims, Buddhists, or atheists should
be equally free to worship or not worship if they choose.

But neither the founding fathers nor the current
political aspirants have it within their power to prevent
people's views abour God and Man from entering secqu
public issues. '- There are many controversies involving
moral questions, and moral questions can never be com-
pletely separated from our religious views. Thus, when
President Reagan asserts that "Politics and religion are
necessarily related," he is merely bellowing a statement of

 

 

; 'i‘r'...:.|‘ii‘.’i. 7*; .(«J

fact. and not a challenge to the Constitution.

There are many, however. who continue a cruSade
against organized religion for other reasons. Feminists,
those who favor “gay rights". abortion, and por-
nography are at the forefront of the movement to banish
religion from politics. And why is this? The answer is ob-
vious. Because organized religion poses a serious threat to
them. Whether it is the Catholic Church’s stance on abor-
tion, or the Moral Majority’s effortsi to limit por-
nography, the church is at odds with these social refor-
mists. lf religion were to exit the scene. then what would
follow becomes obvious, and that is that those organiza-
tions which oppose church positions become dominant!.
Naturally, their argument is not as blunt as this. it
follows something like “if religion were to be separated
from politics, then public policy would be free from any
one religion imposing their own, and nobody else’s moral
values on it."

Or would it be? is it too much to suppose that there are
implicit moral judgements being levied by the reformists
on these issues. if so, then why are their values, or lack of

them, superior to those of a religious person's? No one
denies the reformist the right to promote their views
because few realize that these individuals are placing their
own set of “morals” on society. But when churches in-
tervene to oppose reformist positions, then the battle of
“separation” is sounded. In short, while it is apparently
acceptable for all the reformist to argue their case, a com-
mandment exists somewhere forbidding the churches
from expressing theirs.

One can only presume that the church-state controver-
sy will go on for some time, or at least until November 7.
After the election, the issue will probably lie down and go
into hibernation until four years have passes and the time
has come to choose a new leader. Unfortunately for the
reformists, it seems as though the only way to quell
religious inﬂuence on public policy is to outlaw it. as do
our comrades in Moscow and Eastern Europe. If it
becomes our intention to do so, then ﬁne. But one only
need to see how successful Polish leaders have been in try-
ing to circumvent the Catholic Church to get an apprecia-
tion of how successful this policy would be.

 

 

 

 

 

 

~.’ . ,1.,;&'i..;..,~ idw..4riw,o t ’

October 12, 1984

 

