      

 

 
   

m.--“ t.» «we-Own. 4v

 

V  'rntm‘v:sssrénseimz* 1934 a albinism" . 7 r

 ﬁLBANY'STUDENT mass-1:1 FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER. 1!. 1984

Madison bastards" packed Ballroom

<Front' Page

work is published," said Morrison.

arts degree from Howard Universi-
ty in I953 and a master of arts

players.” Cuomo began.

' Cuomo. who said he stayed up all
night to read "0an when it was
first published. praised Kennedy's
“love for the people and places
from which he mikes his art."

Before the original Writer's in-
stitute was founded. Kennedy said,
it was impossible to bring
celebrated writers to SUNYA on a
regular basis. "Money to continue
or enhance this kind of visitation

Inflvou are interested in selling and “MIMI particular’productror  to  ovu-

creasing market, consider the My m M

-Dmme at no charge twice I week to the univerlity comrrtunlty. including new
and adminm

undergraduate students. 8,000 graduate students and 2.000 faculty. trial

which Governor Cuomo launched adding that the writers themselves .
with abill signing ceremony on the‘ should not feel grateful to an in. degree from Cornell University in "Now, because of him (Ken- W“ “ﬂeet” he COHCluded. me
SUNYA campus earlier this week. dustry which really, without them, 1955. She also received honorary “ed”. other wrllers Will have new “We are only‘at the beginning of  "M"-
Morrison will return to the has no raw material of their own." dCBI‘CeS from Spelt-"m. Bardt and better opportunities to learn 'hi’lnsm‘m Whmhr" Ken“ch Pro- 9 Jr!" only cannula! publication which reach tlt tire ' unity
as e on we comm ,

SUNYA clampus‘in January when
she will hold an Albert Schweitzer
Chair in the humanities, an honor
which SUNYA President Vincent

Morrison’s insight into the field of
publishing has emerged from over a
decade of serving as a senior editor
for Random House Publishers,
where she was primarily responsible

Oberlin, Dartmouth, and Wesleyan
Colleges. the University of
Massachusetts and a medal of
‘distunction from Barnard College.
according to the news release.

from each other, to teach and in-
spire young writers. to nurture the
craft ofwords." Cuomo continued.

“This is a very. very proud day
for us here.” He added. "it’s a pro-

mised. “is going to create a conti-
nuing dialogue in Albany with the
best writers in the world.”

Mayor Whalen called the new in-
stitute “a further enhancement to

Policies

distributed at both the uptown and downdown campuses and thmughom Albany area.

-The meat effective means of
, getting your mesaa e acro- t
spends upwards of 25 million dollars yearly in the Alhd'ny area. 0 . unique “diam “men

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
     
   
    
    
 

 

O‘Leary announced at a press con- . .
Terence on Thursday. for editing the works of black Morrison has Come Wider mUt‘h ud day for the family of Albany. the quamy M M“ i“ “‘is iii-“00¢
Morrison‘s position at the authors. Ciiiicnl “Claim for her "0V0'5- She it‘s a proud day for the family of town",
university. the Schweitzer Chair. is “Writers are led into the myth W0” the Niliional 30"“ CiiiiCS Cir": New York." “Albany is bums" 0“ “w “‘5'” -
one of 10 chairs established by the that starvation is good for you and Award in 1977 for Song of The wrllcr's lnsllulc win he a [he mayor deﬂated. L‘Xpluining that   I ""m e
N.Y. State Legislature in l964 to at- that doing withnul buillds Stllomon. from which ~site read a 30 place, Cuomo 5i“ill, “where wrlllng  is. "second 'only in San FUN PIYITIGM is due sod-ya Irom the billing date, 
tract dlsttngutshcd scholars to New character," Mormon cxplmmgdv IIIIIltIit.‘ passage. Morrison has also will l“. cncoumgcd‘ lauglll’ I‘hlnuhco’ lll per caplla \‘llppuri at with a2percent discount for payment within ten (Ipplyroiocalrataaossly-
' York institutions of higher educn- stating that "writers have the beL'n PfﬂiSL‘d by ETHICS naiionWidC rcslcrcri, protected, and developed ‘he “"5-  ". Adv  an" 'bylemestercontnct)
lion. Each chair is funded $100,000 capacity to change this." They are a for hi" realism Dorimyﬂls 0f the »— every kind of writing." Chancellor Whurl‘m “‘i“ h“ “‘“I' p .r sars) 3.0 “33:”. be “cam” "um um”. "m mo"
annually for the support of pro- social elite, yet they are vulnerable, black culture and the experiences of He mid crudll {or [he lnslllulc Sidch lite institute an important at]. 1 gunmen” ozmxtohbaﬁc". Tire. Chum. a. '
fessors, research assistantships and “This should not be." Morrison being it'mﬂh' in her b00k5 The belongsto Kennedy. “He planted it dim)“ ‘0 “‘9 SUNY SYSH‘I". HIM open  {25.00, p0 ' "mm “a "mo" 0'  COIIIIIII MOI
fellowships. according to a news added. “with SUNYA‘s resources. 3/1155! Eye. Ti” Babyt and SUI“: ""3 with his own work and watered it called Kennedyr “3 Writer “I411 “0| y .  per colum 
bureau release. » information can be distributed news release stated. IZJ will1 his own moneyy Cuomo only Albany bl“ “19 mlirc collnlry   per column  h Mb”. chm
O'Lcary noted that tIlis is the publicaily and there can be ‘ __ explained, celebratestodayf' ' nc Extr- prep-mien WHOM-momma rod-muons hut
first time the State Board of progress."    Kennedy Spoke after the bill was “He (Kennedy) cares dccply tones and attwortrlwiil bebiiled at sch-roe ot ssioo ’  mm W
Regents has awarded the prestigous At Albany. Morrison will teach , signed, and began, “i think What abou' his "31ch my 0f Annmy' “C 380k Page "c". $4-00 per column inch
position to SUNYA. Morrison creative writing, as well as courses we have here is nol an inslllule but 8150 CUES about Writing, and he  Hm
stated that she would.as SchWeitzcr in literature and literary criticism. <Front Page a mushroom ll ha med so last Cares 3 out writers, and it is _ ThsASPcutnot guarantee placement, but will at-
Chair. concentrate on areas of When asked to give advice to Kennedy in last week's New York that we're all ’stiliaii‘iiale numb from because or "‘3‘ “arms W“ “6 (WWWNMVSPPW Him“! Bout!) mnpuo mu'mm'mmu‘   W '
writing which have previously been beginning writers. Morrison en~ Times Book Revietv. the speed or uchicvcmem," himself has made 1‘ PCFSOIIUI Com- M “I.  Der calumn Inc-n i,
neglected. in addition. she said :‘he couraged new authors to read other “Suggesting that l'm a writer and The SUNYA Writer’s institute, Tliiﬂxm. i: VICTY ECHCFOUS 0116. Int W Th. m' I | t 
PW“ ‘0 describe (0 Wine“ W 3' People's WOFkS- "Find out for sa in that in the same context with Kenned told the audience was 1 c me" 5 “mime-H he Said- 3".- ‘IH'YM‘MYW "mum'" °”"‘SP"”°"'“"‘°"““¢°" “Inn mm 
they ShOUld know 31301" Wl’iiiﬂg ‘0 YOUFSE” What YOU want I0 write Biii ngnnedy is like sayingthat Milo foundedy last spring with pari of a "He's had- I guess 3'0” “0”” 3"“ M' I“. may h."  "women." wm‘ .mwmum any” 0'  hell“  I
DUbiiSherS before “my basin. about. and Whill Styles you like 0r Molosavich. who batted .l97 for grant he received from the Mac Ar- say' mm or those overnight 5”“ The Min-dell?"- has 80 column  per calumn meh 
"Writers should have some say dislike." the New York Yankees in 1945. and thur Foundation in Chicago and “5‘” ma“ bum "9°" 30 WSW "f inches per page —- 5 two inch wide columns A d- - . . y:
as to what goes on before the" Morrison earned a bachelor of Babe Ruth were both baseball with funds from the University. 2'3“ hard “’°'k-” Wham" “mp; by 16 arches. “mam...” L51. Wm"... roztizys'sgihiiiigatialﬁfake""paymemmm mm" P
,. i
I
i
l
i
l

Bus fee

<Front Page

purpose of transportation between
university facilities which is the
basis for State funding.

Because of financial needs in
academics and other areas, it'lwas
recommended that a limited has far:
be imposed. rather than cutting bus
service. Schaf fer and SA Vice Presi-
dent Suzy Auletta. who were both v
members of the Task Force. ,fiied

ASPECTS ,
‘PRODUCTIO- 
N 5 ‘ ‘
BUSINESS

NEWS

SPORTS

ASPECTS
PRODUCTIO- 
N T .'
BUSINESS ‘
NEWS

SPORTS

ASPECTS
PRODUCTIO- I
N .

   

    

COINSEIm AND
CRISIS m
INfonMArioN and Mama I
l l H h Hor lineaudWaIk-Ivsmvicg

e 0
were other possible alternatives to a  Mm

bus fee.
w... 1...“... o. .h. t... t... Wonltshops and Gnoqs
were being argued in the cour- H  . l

troom, administrators and student
representatives considered some of

the practicalities of the bus fee.
One ofSA's biggest concerns was
102 $0le HAIL DUTCH OUAD
was (IE1:

 
 
    
  
  
 
 
 
    
 
 

 
     
   
  
 

  
  
 
  

R‘s longest Walking-On-Hands
In 1900 Johann Hurlingel 0/ Austria walked
on hls hands from Vienna to Paris in 55 daily
10-hour stints covering a distance 0/ 571 miles
' AMT long‘dlstance wins hands down when
It comes to Immediate credit for
Incomplete calls and wrong numbers.

         
   
  
  
  

  
    
 
 
     
 
 

 

    
   
 

over the availability of coupons for
late night bus users, particularly
women. “Women’s lives could be
in danger because they don’t have a
bus ticket." Schaffer declared.

Hartigan refuted this saying that
the administration is “attempting
to make provisions for all types of
emergencies."

Director of Physical Plant Den- 1
nis Stevens explained that for late
night bus service to the uptown
campus. the bus drivers are
authorized to give a two part-ticket
to anyone who nees one. The rider
would write his or her name. ID

 
 
   
   
     
     
     
     
 
 

Longest Bicycle Race
The longest one-day “massed stall" race is Ihe 551-620 km
(342-385 miles} Bordeaux-Pails event In 1951,
Herman van Splinge/ ave/aged 42186 km/hr (29. 32 mph)
cover/n9 584.5 km (3&24 miles) in 13 hr 35 min. 18 sec.
ATM long distance lets the good times roll tor you. too
-—wlth discounts of up to 60% every day.

9:00 to MidNIqIIT weekdays
24 Imus on IIE sedated

FromtheGuimessBookotwwaRccords
F WﬂWSCWWCOWVImWWKM

 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
      

  
 
 
  
 
  
  
    
  

  
 
   
 
 

       
 
  
 

 
  
 
    
    
   
  
 
   
  

 
 

 

 

  
 
  
 
  

 

 

 

  

 

1
number and the date on the ticket,
Nobody can match ATM for savings tag service: grheiaiitii‘ irewtb‘iddmigehelgénthﬁ 
. 40% discounts eventngs.60°/o discounts nights and weekends. studemg lcsponsibillty to so me W dn d
- Immediate credit for incomplete coils and wrong numbers. D cpmmem o l. Public Safety to pay 8  ay
- galls from anyltvheralto anywhere. anytime ’ the l0 cent fee. Se l 
- - ouropeto or out once. if a student is leaving from the .
d - Quality that sounds as close as next door. ’ Uptown campus. coupons can be p ‘
II'sdwinning combination. Why settle tor less?  purchased at the Public Safety  p m  2
building or from a coupon vending ' ' I
For details on exciting new plans—Ideal tor students— machine. Stevens stressed that the
vls e s a n 9 0 9f - . two part he et is for emergency
It in dl pl y I In C let to Cam us Center Bulldln ‘ k dil da
l ’ situations and should not be abused
by students.
.  éé‘ﬁeo Schaffer also expressed concern t' 
v a. a) over losing part-time drivers who i '
A ’ 0* .t r
____4- , ox had been hired in the past for pea  m 21
I . . .
“A  ‘0‘;‘9\$¢$§‘ hours bus service. [3 p
The more you hear ___-—::__.   ,
the better we sound.“ —_—-— ’ (93°: 109,4? R t wedneSday
# '
— ’ ~ \a eng er
v — *S \ .,
SPONSORED BY UNIVERSITY v ’I ééﬂqipcf§$ to September 19
XI ARY SERVICES ,9 '
A” L . I .d’ ~ Vote 7.30 pm. LC 2
, sa funded .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

