 

 

 

 

'iw:-.2~e:t'-.5L’ W . ', l.

   

 

...‘.t..«.*.. ,, ,. .._.

 

 ﬁrst  6" 503d W¢~W¢r¢ all surly. - anything the Captain chose to say, in‘a bad spirit. He 4

s

   

are cold. i tell you there are onlyu-sicknesses of the one could déscrtbe his appearance. The Captain‘look-~,~"' h.
body. I work with bodies. i know whatl'am saying. ‘. ted Haggard'u‘nder lhé any Il‘Y- The line! in hl’ flu-'1

we Were not . really unfriendly; 'we greeted . so obviously meant well, that one had to disregard the. ‘
Diseases, cancers, gangrenes, leprosies, Yaws: the pale' we?! deep- "Thil whims thirty." he-said."’H'ow will ‘ -»

:Fach other .0“ decl‘ 3"“ SPOkEPC’lllElY during ttactle'ssness of his manner. he enfolded us in his

 

 

 

 

 

meals. ,we-exchanged all the‘vnonnal amenities. But a

voyage is like a new civilization: it takes time-to over"
come the stiffness of strangers, their obstinac‘y in.

  

adhering to their own ways, time to absorb them, to
make thempart of its world. We were withdrawn and
preoccupied. Each one of us was bound up in his in-
troduction to sea and sky. We preferred to maintain a
set distance with people. One thing at a time, after all:
we had enough to observe without becoming in-
terested in each other. I

The coldness of those northern skies confounded
us. They were slate-grey and heavy; they sagged low
over the ship as if buoyed up by ropes. There were
days when l could almost see the ropes, wind-washed

and with small grey wisps clinging to them, bent with '

the whispering current. The water beneath them was
opaque. it was a grey, sluggish'surface over which we
steamed with a dogged monotony. it did nothing to
hold us up. it only existed. The wind invaded us from
no constant direction. it woried us like an animal,
pausing intermittently to play with us, eddying, shud-
dering, dying down, and then rising suddenly to lift
smoke in wisps and rush it around in circles.

The Captain tried to overcome our self‘isolation.
He drifted about in his spare time, striking up conver-
sations, indulging in aimless and interminable discus-
sions designed for the sole purpose of making us all
friends. He was absent-minded. He introduced us a
dozen times over, always forgetting that he had done
it before. We were a tramp steamer with ’a few
passengers. This was not the tourist season, and we
were all journeying for professional reasons and not

for enjoyment. Still, we allowed him to clear the way »

for us,'and we became good friends.

The third day out, the Captain achieved his first ,

success. There were four of us on deck; two women
and two men. The women were mother and
daughter, recent and unsuccessful emigrants who
were resignedly returning to their home. The Mother
glanced at us with fierce, still hopeful eyes. The
Daughter stood with her head bent low; we could not
see her face. To tell the truth, we did not want to. the
Professor and l. I had no interest in the proceedings of
this voyage. My uninvolvement remained complete
and steadfast, my interest firmly detached from all
that happened. it was for this reason that. when
events made such action necessary, it devolved upon
me to become the Narrator. i played no other part,
but leaned on the rail, watching the fitful chopping of
the waves. The fourth one of us, the Professor, stood
near the smokestack. He was a short, thin man, wear-
ing a grey suit. and of no distinguished appearance.

Aimlessly, the Captain wandered over in our direc-

 

' presence. "Yes," he said. "Mr. ‘Kaminski, in theserv'ice

of his country--" He stopped suddenly and looked at
us, open-mouthed. The he smiled softly to himself,
and then he laughed. "But We told you all this," he
said. "I’ve told you at dinner, [don't know how many
times. You all know each other. What on'earth is
wrong with me?” r

,At this, we all laughed, and he laughed with us, un-
til the boat must have rocked with our mirth. "Oh,"
he said. "You have all made a fool of me. You have
fooled me perfectly. You stood here like strangers. As
i passed, i saw you in the comer of my eye. l,thought,
'These people don't know each other. They’re so stillt'
You’re a sly lot, all of you, to trick me so.”

he laughed, and we all laughed again. The idea
seemed ridiculous to us,- we had always been good
friends. The Captain chortled gleefully to himself and
walked away.

"Yes," said the Professor. "Patriotism is to be
commended." '

 

We laughed again. the Mother shrill and high,
louder than all of us. it was no longer strange to me
that she should lauch at such a comment. ,

“Oh,” she said. "We are so poor. We have nothing
else. But we do have laughter, don’t we? Oh, yes in-
deed, we do." .

I,a_r...,.. , ., . . ‘

 

The Daughter looked down and smiled sideways at
some spot to her left. She was sitting next to the Pro-
fessor, who had been talking to her all evening. She
had taken no part in the general conversation, being

evidently shy in a crowd. Now she sat straight in her ‘

chair, nodding to him, and quietly answering his
questions.

“Look at us all,” continued the'Mother. “Oh, look
at us. Where else could this be possible? Oh, nowhere
else, nowhere else. We are all so delightfully depen-
dent upon each other. Such a perfect atmospherel"

The Professor looked up from where he was
holding the girl’s hand. “Yes,” he said. "A most in
teresting problem. You think that the sea, danger and
isolation and all that, binds people together, You

think it creates unity. Our friend, the Captain, 1 dare
say he thinks so too." .

"What's that? What's that?" said the Captain, look-
ing up with a smile of amiable lunancy.

"'Of course," said the Doctor gently, answering for
him

existent. in this age. Even if it existed, once past it

  

.,

We none of him answdred him, and soon the
Sporadic convers“hon began' again; We all stayed up
late that night. i

The next day I wake in .ifter eleven and took my
time at breakfast. The others had evidently had the
same ldea- Thl‘)’ Wcrv nowhere in sight. There was no
one 0“ “‘0 dL‘Ck Whl‘n I got there, except for the Pro-
fessor and one or two sailors and the ship’s engineer.
The Professor was earnestly conversing with one of
the sailors. He held .i lllllc pad in his hand and wrote
on it as he talked.

I joined him. '1 hr sky was slung heavily above us,
sagging and ll-‘t‘t‘lhi: liolj‘li‘ssly against its quivering
rOPCS- The Wdh‘l' dammit the prow of the ship as we
Steamed lhmutih 0n lltl’ deck, the wind swirled
about us in filful alaits and lifted the smoke from the
Stack in a nun r'ring ribbon, The smoke whirled
suspended abort- ltk dk no went forward.

"l 3'“ htlL‘I‘VJWIIIr: lhis boy," said the Professor. "1
am discussing his morality. He doesn't understand the
word." ~

"Perhaps you ‘~lttrllltl explain."

“I have. Now lrv I81'\]‘l.ltning. He is actually excited
about it. i can't think why,“ He stared at the sailor
from behind his glam,» I‘Irclmist was bright on them,
like mother-of-pmrl. oi lurilbr than mother-of-pearl, a
thin metallic coating that rruile them glitter. "You will
want to know why this intilrview," he said.

I professed no turiosity In this connection.

"It’s for my new book” lie continued deliberately.
"My book on tithiu .‘\n interesting topic. i must
study it carefully." E

"And unity," | \uggcatod. "is this the way you
perfect your kind or lmnrlthe were talking about it
last night, you l'L‘lllL‘liiltt'l.

He looked at iiii‘ 'No ” l c said. "The exchange of
ideas leads only to di\'t't'>il)‘ Nevertheless, one might
say that, indirectly. this 1 an experiment of that
nature." "

"Quite," t agrucd. ‘l wont disturb you.” i did not
see his point exactly, but tl ere was no use in trying
bait the Professor. lie was not the type to take it
quietly. l went over to watclh the grey water. it chop-
ped at the side of the ship, Gouds hung tattered in the
sky: pennants, rags, wet sci vced flapping against the
ropes. ‘

The girl came up on dc k. She went over to the

time we must finish. .'\ tItUé interesting problem." He

by Judith Johnson Sherwin

eport

not care which.

We were all on deck together. Some of the crew
wre gathered near the prow. Even the Motherlhad
come up, to see how things were progressing.
"Beautiful." she said. “The boat goes so smoothly.
Like ice gliding over the earth, glittering ice in great
sheets. Don't you think so? I really do think so. Or
like salt." .

“Now what makes you think that?” said the Cap-
tain. “Salt.” He laughed loudly. "A strange idea."

“Oh, because it's so White," said the Mother. "it
could come up out of the sea and freeze. Wouldn’t
you like to see a thing like that? Dear me, i would like
to see a thing like that. A great glacier of salt." She
was being played. We all laughed. Even the Daughter
looked up and smiled momentarily, the smile linger-
ing an instant after the thought was gone. The crew
had hooks and ropes, and were grappling over the
side of the boat.

"The unexpected," said the Professor. “You made
me think of it, with your talk of things frozen and
coming up out of the sea. Of forgotten things, for that
matter, springing suddenly to mind. Things, perhaps,
whose existence the mind has no wish to recognize.
whose possibility it contemplates only with a vague
sense of uneasiness."

This kind of chatter bored me. i watched the sailors.
"Look there," I said. "There's the unexpected for you.
l think they’ve got a fish. how many times has that
happened on this voyage?"

The Captain beamed. "Amazing." he said. "They're
usually so incompetent. Clumsy, too. Uncoordinated.
ill have to have a look at it." The men were gathered
around their catch, murmuring and poking its sides.

"Yes," said the Profeesor. "The unexpected. An in‘
teresting problem. i have studied it carefully. That is a
paradox because the unexpected always removes the
possibility of careful study. 1 am an authority on this
subject. men always unite against it, for some reason,
you know. They seem to fear it."

"Yes," i said. "Take that fish, now. Our crew is so
united against it, they're tickling it to death."

The Doctor looked up at the Professor. “You have
more to say?" he asked formally. The Captain stopped
watching the crew.

“You're right. l have this to 'say. The unity that
results from a mutual fear and hostility, like all the

 

flower eating into the flesh. The liquids congealing.
Only this in the world. Only this. And my friend. He
also exists. Study the body and you will learn compas-
ston. do not strike out to hurt this man."

The Professor fixed hem with a deep stare. "The
body,” he said. "Tell me, when you operate, do you
cut to kill the disease or to cure the patient?"

“To cure," said the Doctor passionately. "Always to
cure."

“But the man will never be whole again after
you've sliced hem. He'll never be the same as he was
before the operation. Ah, l see We touched you now.
You’re an intelligent man. You've thought of this also.
You know. And if you mean only to kill the disease,
where’s your compassion then? l myself prefer to kill,
but you may have different tastes. Well, answer me,
answer me." ,

The Doctor looked at him helplessly. His eyes were
watery. His voice was thick. "I have not decided," he
mumbled. "But it seems, it must be--some action is
necessary." He stopped and looked at us all. Then he
reached out his hand to the Captain. The fingers
shook. He took the Captain by the shoulder and turn-
ed him around. They walked away, the Doctor with
his head down, his steps uncertain.

The Professor stared after them. "That man," he
said. "He is afraid to touch me." he walked over to the
crew and looked at their catch. "An ugly devil," he
said. "Yes. it's from the deep waters, you see, where
pressures are terrible. it probably swam too high and
was caught in the upper currcnls. until the forces
within were greater than those from without. And
when the water was no longer enough to hold it
together, the creature exploded, as you can see: the
brains pushed outward at the lips and gills, and the
organs burst through the skin. An interesting catch,
but unfortunately not edible. Throw it away."

The wind washed the clouds aimlessly across the
sky. They moved in fits and starts. The caught on the
ropes that held the sky and hungrthere suspended,
twisted in thin, stringdike strands by the grey curecnts
above.

The next day, one of the sailors was lost ovarboard.
We heard the bells clanging early in the morning.
Men were running on the deck. We could hear the
scurrying of their feet. I got dressed and came
upstairs. The Captain was stern and whitevlipped.

 

be able to identify him, even when we do find him?"
The Professor joined us on deck. His eyeglasses
glittered. '
"You," said the Doctor, looking at hir' "You were
.up here late last night. You must h . . :en "‘ nan."

"So were you," answered the Professor. it you . ‘w
me. But I won’t argue. lsaw him. He was re. v ing near
the forward lantern. Just an hour before “a: :n, i
should say." _

“You were up late," said the Captain suddenly, staring
-at him har

The Professor smiled. "l was working on my book,"
he said. “My study of Ethics. An interesting problem.
But what about the Doctor, question him. He was up

late too. l saw him when l had finished."

We cruised in zigzags, searching the water for the
lost man. Four sailors watched the'net we dragged
from the rear of the ship.

"He'll float,” said the Doctor. "if he's dead. And if
he’s alive, he’ll still be swimming."

The Captain looked up at us wearily. “We'll keep
on trying," he said. "We must. But we’ll not find him.
i don’t know what to do. i can't remember the rules. i
think we must hold an inquiry. it's not quite clear to
me where it says that. or why, buy l think that an in-
quiry is required. We‘d better hold it now."

The sailors set up chairs on the deck. I was ap-
pointed secrctary. The Doctor stood behind the Cap-
tain. He touched him on the shoulder. "l'm sorry," he
said gently. “You must hold me excused. As the only
medical officer pesent, l must go and collect the
evidence.” He walked to the rear of the ship to tend
the net. i

The Captain addressed us. "At first I thought it was
an accident," he said. "He was such a disorganized
sailor. So confused, so clumsy. Always tripping on
things. An idiot. He could never get anything done by
himself. And in any case. things like that don't happen
on this ship.”

"I suppose murder docs," Said the Professor.
"Habitually, I should imagine."

"No," answered the Captain. "Usually the at-
mosphere on this ship makes such actions impossible.
l take pains to make it work that way. But the at-
mosphere this voyage has been somewhat un-
congenial. Uncongenial. Yes. l can’t think why. My
mind is full of so many things. The weather was splen-

No one knew when the sailor had been lost, He had t’llt‘l. Nothing could be finer. The wind was the most
been standing watch on deck all nighL No one had delightful thing we have ever bad. So refreshing. But

seen him go over. inquiry disclosed that the man
overboard was the newest member of the crew, the

something has disturbed the atmosphere. You. Pro-
fessor, have disturbed it more than anything.

one just in from training school, he of the fascinating FrighlfUI. l'm disapPOlnted. disappointed in you. i

morality, with whom the Professor had so often con-

   

  
 
  
 

hold you responsible for everything."

l .
 His hair was edged with grey, in sharp points that The Professor smiled. His eyeglasses glinted grey in "Yes, suite," said the Captain. Professor. "Good mnrnirig' she said. “My mother others is cool and impermanent. unless, unlike the t ' d “Y H, H ,d H P f
 V seem“ to glitter At lhe tiPS- Hi5 eyeglasses were the COld ah? hE EdBEd over *0 hen “Laughter/l he 53ld~ "What is lit then," PUTSUECl the PFOFESSOTI "Whal is if sent me with her rt-gririls. , he’s sick today and can't others, it becomes merely a step toward a more sear- versed. The Captain took out a pencrl and paper, an TI Ol'DCﬂh Pmt’c “0 {WEI Sﬂld “3 If“? ‘95:"?
 square and steeltramed, and dully opaque, as if they “A most interesting topic, t have studied it presicely that you think unites us? i would be in- come up," The girl smitmlr the deck beneath her as ching unity. There is nothing that joins us together, began writing down all the facts. The sailor had gone I re Ioctor rslurncc. le sal own. 1L roessor,
i I. had been misted over with a metallic luster. Behind thoroughly. Paradoxically, even spontanious things terested to know. l have made a study Of the Problem she said this. for instance. i could forget you all easily, and you me. out to stand his watch one hour after midnight. His liC Mutter, an the Daugiter sat in a row facing us.
; them, the eyes could not be seen. We stood uncom- may be studied thoroughly. Let me tell you what i and l have concluded that there is no permanence The Profusgnr liitik hurrrm. "Allow me to enter. No, thethingl'shall create will be deeper than that. in- mates had seen him leave. They could wear to the Th? Captain Emil I’lic PTLtor sat-next to each othrlrr,
t forlal’ly 0" the deck "Oldth mch Other Wllh uneasy have concluded.” hem. OUr isolation Will be ended 500“. and then lhe tain you, then," he ‘utrtl Slit nodded calmly. He turn- escapable league and mutual response, burnt deep in trme. He had been reading a Western novel whllc on out .l sat a llll c we uni t'iem‘,‘ writing~ my report. Tie
 SlahCES- The Wind blt-‘W With errath intensity. "Do," said the Mother. "Do, do, do, do." union it has created will cease. As for danger, it is non. ed to the sailurl "ixi not H y,” he said, "some other the mind until the mind dissolves." watch. The Doctor had seen him thre. Doctor looked up bleakly.” l rcqitcstupcrrntssmn to
F V). 7  ‘  produce medical evrdence. he said. The corpus rs

X‘WW. Much—(“Glxgwn
“m

 

tion. He walked obliquely past us, then turned with a
cheery greeting. "Nice day," he announced. He was a
tall man, white-haired, and with a gleaming pink face.
His voice was large and brash. it was too large for this
quiet sea that lost every sound in its fitfully slapping
waves.

We stared at him.

"Yes," he said. "The weather is right today. We
shall have a good passage, this trip. The wind is blow-
ing sporadically, and from no particular direction. We
are somewhat overcast, but the clouds have nowhere
to go. There will be no storms to bother us on this
voyage."

We nodded. “How lovely," said the Mother. “How
perfectly lovely." She looked brightly up at us. Her
face was heavy-jawed, and her eyes had the round,
widening steadiness of an owl watching in the night.
Her voice was sharp and abrupt.

"Have you all met?" asked the Captain, smiling at
us with absent-minded good nature. "Mrs. Kaminski,

They were both in such a state of hilarity that they
missed the real absurdity of the conversation. Even I,
althoughl was not disgusted by its inanity, was amus-
ed more by my perception of the ridiculous element
than by the spontaneous mirth that had rocked us a
moment ago. The Daughter was no longer laughing.
A vague smile turned up the corners of her mouth, an
unaware smile: only her face kept the shape of the
laughter, remembering its lines when the mind had
already forgotten. She was young, about seventeen
years old, and still gawky with the thin helplessness of
youth. Her shoulders were narrow, and her hair was
cut short like a boy's. Turning away. she stood gazing
down at the deck. 1 approached her.

' "Look at the water instead," l suggested. it was as
good a way to beginas any.

She looked up at the other two. The Professor was
now standing next to the Mother, and she was sidled
up against him like some bird of prey, watching wide-
eyed in the shadows.

"You'll see." said the Daughter. “She'll start on him

would be forgotten. And the bond that it had created
would also be forgotten, whould linger in the
memory only, as an idea, as a pretty picture. i take it
you requeire somthing more than'that.

“You are wrong," said the Doctor intently. "it will
remain in the pulse. it will stay on in the blood, the
brains, the internal rhythm of each man. People
adapt, but habits once learned are hard to lose.”

"in the heart," put in the Captain. His voice was
eager and loud.

“i think not," said the Professor, mechanically
stroking the girl's hand. "Unity is made of necessity.
A useful maxim: remember it. There is no necessity
here. We are only warmed by our adjacence, like
animals in the sun. This is a literary emotion. it will
die out, as such things do."

The Captain stopped smiling. "You are a learned
man," he said, “with a high reputation in your field.
Philology. I think you said?"

"Philosophy."

led her away with him

[looked at the \\’tllt'l If it s not my job to interfere.
if the girl had not will t'lttlllilll to resist her mother, it
was no business of 1mm it her dic her own death, in
her own way. I war» In») r dking my peace with the
sea and the sky.

50 the days wont tn. 'lll Professor eventually in-
terviewed .rll llit‘ t rr\\‘ om 3y one, as he found them,
sometimes returning to on or another with a new
series of questions. ll-r quotoned the first one most,
the one I had Sven lItItt n th that day. Apparently
none of the others hml «.u tit crcsling a morality. Even-
tually we bacarnc‘ uwrt in seeing them together, and
the sight provoked no ltllll nent or surprise.

The Mother taunt to lift cabin, owl~like, remaining
in the dark. I could ttthliilllwlu'r sitting there crouched
in bed, listening with minosixth sense for the sound
of her daughtch trunnpli She held the girl with an
hypnotic intensity. llti' iLttl walked with the Professor
in the afternoons Slit nt'nrr laughed and she never

 

 

 

     

 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 

it

i

I;

If
r

it

 

  
 

present upon this ship.”
"Go ahead." said the Captain. "This is not clear to

Two sailors brought in a sirelchcr covered with a
heel of canvas. They put it down on the ground. The
Doctor stood up. He went over to the stretcher,
stooped, and drew off the canvas. He lifted the body
'and carried it back to his chair. Then he sat down.
holding it propped up in his arms. it was seated on his
knee, the legs stretched out stiffly before it, the head
thrown back and resting against the Doctor's
shoulder. l walked over and stood behind him so that
I could see the corpse. He held it tenderly, looking
down at its grey-streaked face with saddened eyes It
had burning red hair and cavernous sucked-in chm-ks.
The Doctor spoke.

"Ypu will observe,” he said, "that it met its deatl“ by
violénce. The head is covered with dried blood.
highly oxidized, which makes the hair look darker in

fplaces. You can see the darker spots, l llOpl' There
, would be no blood if the man had first drowned .rnd

   

    
    

may l present Professor Bergstein. The Professor is an now. Because of his light grey suit. She wants to make "ch, l'm sorry. We never understood these things. rolcglcrl Slii‘ wt'nrr-rl not to care what was happen- l d l b ' k b ‘ ' ' i l ' ‘ N " ‘
eminent authority in his field." What field, the Cap- rme marry an American. She doesn't really want to go Can you explain to me how even a week of this can inn . Aniliiho limit-«cor .th ll! arm with her every ~  lien 'clc" 5mm“ y 5mm lpmlnlm ‘IO ‘ ffll“ h
r mm did nol say' Wllh so many llllngs 0" his mind' l home-H be “"80an"fl‘icntlShlP: unity. Call ll Whﬂl YOU likel d still dclryml ttr.1lrtn', the offer, perhaps hoping 350 hi} “Ellf‘lrm  glonlc' W wt ler l “Trix  1y
‘ imagine that he was not quite surE. "That's nonsense," i said. "Don't watch them like Harmony perhaps. A thing that has taken such pains {guy} Leno,- [lin r iin Ilmn "Idl'l'iagc, perhaps studying mmjc Liar jailer  1 gm“? sayj . “Ti 15 n'ol
"Philosophy," said the Professor. The was a silence. that, it would he absurd for you to marry him." We to create? My mind is full of so many things. it is not it“. ‘,}w,m,m.nnl,‘; .ii .rvrrrt-Jiip. We none of us know, mug; film" m" I] u” g C“ '5' Pa  :1”?! "mil";  Em":
. We were surprised. it was the Captain, with his air of walked over in the mi] and talked about [he wan-r, (tea,- n, me. Thulu 1h I w “5 “mph” (“Pk him if this was Hm bond Tut; atu ,Igntl\V;.c,l as you rain sic] IL rnrgi ullVL
_ confused benevolence, who looked the part of the That night, at dinner, we four were the center of .1 "Forget it," said the Doctor. He looked at the Cap- 1“- inrmi ‘ i ‘ v u A r ' ‘ ' “a ( ml 5  fllul l'mn inl’f‘bmpn lml“ ['1 tmlll the
; philosopher, group, We drew the others in. The Captain was a tain gently, as if concerned for his joy, fearful that thc I‘i‘in-‘Inicinr w.rlkt~rl faith the Captain, In [hi- .iftor- "But how?" a. ‘Ctl the C-‘Pl-‘hh Lax?" S‘ml lhc caplam I i fully .  S]  C'l'Hflulj: . {0 fay. Pint!” lull“? h” {In-:31: Juli
j “Of course. Philosophy." The Captain beamed. genial host, but he did not interrupt our merriment, least discord might destroy it. “You won't understand. “(mm he [1,“; (m lip, i. m] H“. Capldin in his mm, mm. mu,» [0,, [mm] {m- uw ship. “Winn d“ ym, Nani mnldnt be trusted alone. He rat to. a ovrrvoarli. i‘cr.| ‘ L] or (cc ( olwn‘a k revilorj |.1L| ‘dlit irrfc LL r1
 "These things sound all alike. you won't mind. I'm being content to smile at us and converse aside with Stick to what you know, You have madc- the unity "mm-Chis mllvimn. “mm mer nbhqucly MUM [he I” d“? M is [mt dan in me." wed better go back and look for him. He may in gcnl y In \Is arms as to spin 0. r. a LilliL‘t orwarr
l 5UW- l haVC my mlhd fu” 0f 50 many lhlnxs. But one the Doctor. These two sat at the far end of the table, here. You know that. The Professor is a cynic and un- tuck “kt. , .j. I}; Lhnm'trn:vlll't't'lltm at the last minute "Clu’ist," said one of The sailors. "What an ugly 5W|mmylynt~tt lh any f-Iﬁt‘. W0 ll IICL‘d thculjody. Reverse toner.i I i i I. I I I I I ‘ I k‘ y t 1
thing i do know." He glowed with satisfaction at hav- the Captain beaming wtlh a paternal joy in our filled to his opinion," :0 l1“. ,0 i; “horns n. ,.li| ioth fanatical enjoyment, to «lt-yil,” lie poked the fish. course,” He looked at the Doctor. lliL‘se official {I rat, sltophu ilsltc‘urng it; rum].  ﬁn. rlnga l‘IC‘
; ing remembered it, "Mrs. Karninski is the widow of a friendliness, the Doctor talking to him seriously, but We were quiet awhile. We heard the wind rising say ‘hi’ug n1 inilllnrd ,ziwl‘rrl voice, "Yes, splendid The Doctor put his hand on the Captain's arm, he tlllngs, he said. lncvcr know; howlolnriiagc tlu‘m.l ‘ﬂhlttlh  all“ lltihf‘nivtiI-lln  ail‘ in it): WC";
t . famous patriot, and we are proud to have her and her with a respectful gentleness in his manner. The two outside. ;VL,1ll1L,I.~\\.k,‘l.‘, lmqnn ', .r- wind is mum“; {mm IUUkmi ,n m inimljy. "Dnn'l mink Jim”! [his-I“ [w ‘ilthOSU lrl better take no i httiltLS. «I ~ miter Wrill t‘lar‘crl urn.  “If” ‘0 H)“ lint: (Ill n in:
r  daughter 0" board “"5 ship'" he l‘mkc‘l “l “5 “ll YOl‘httl-‘l' “mm” Wine“ l" 0‘" butlth as We lOkE‘l I‘chcrllwlcsh" Said “‘0 Pmlf‘ssm 5"‘l‘lCnlY- "l (-1” nowhere ll ill No «torn-i iltihh A hmllliflll huh-‘iﬂhl-N “flith “l h“ l-llkll‘tl “"“W'lw- Why “llm'ld WC (“5mm duff/n Illlchrillhllhllll  '(l‘lnhkllvt  " billhnl   dllll’l‘llL‘nflt‘Cllt:0llflft‘lilflflilvllzﬂilll:llllLlCll' myuferfl ..
« - ~ ' . . . a t , ‘ ‘ ' ~ ,. . . . u . ‘ ,, L': ' ' .‘ . . ' ’ i - - . - .
7‘ loyfuny' Even I was dismal/Cd. rho remark warned mgvlhcr' “clue umly for ynu' If lh‘llls Wlml you wan“ A" H Y”“ “ll k'l‘m' "‘“ll “H” lllunyl ym'? Wh‘ll'" um” “mw'w‘hl “l, lumml l” “w llnlhllﬁuk ll‘mw Whal 1:ilrlulsltions, \lvritini; hdown illic ail/SWCTS as fast as Then I looked back. The lins puffed open slowly as

now.» .

 

somehow inappropriate, in poor taste. But the Woman
smiled back at him, evidently pleased at being
reminded of her loss. And it was impossible to take

- “Oh, l like the sea, I love it, t adore it,” said the
Mother, her face radiant, her owl's cycs keen in the
halt'light.

should be, firm, of necessity, and unbreaking. A bond
as lasting as death. If you want." His eyeglasses glit-
terch at us. '

What's that? Yi'x. Ht rm l'. i knew it, My mind 55
full of so runny thing.

I
l
l looked at “W wah'r twarchcd the others. i did

" r —- “Wmmainzui.e “agate?

you're thinking," lii' said, "I know what you're planrr
ing to tln. You work always with proplvs minds.
\Nork on llit'lti, ! say. Tlit! mind does not exist. They

 

they came. l‘lL‘ asked about the man's habits, about his
clothing, his family, his .rmhitons, his appearance. No

the breath pushed them apart. The checks filled out

