 

 

 

   
      

The Year
In Review

 

 

Sui-one

M Sdsaﬂet and Suzy Auletta were elected Student Association president and vice president

in Elie We SA Mm. Auletta ran uncontested, while Schalier taught a hotly contested

racer]!!! tie w Tim i-iailock which resulted in a runoff won by the incumbent Schatter.

Killed canceled the vote and then withdrew his petition before any action was taken by the
Count.

 

eon sexy .25 5,5

 

 

  
  

 

   

Protessor William Kennedy won the Pulitizer Prize in April for his acclaimed novel, IIOI'I weed.
Kennedy was also named in February as director of the newly Instituted Writers institute here
at SUNYA. He has taught English and journalism at SUNYA. '

 

 

 

.. .J 

 

2.. ..

'Iih SPENCER

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

UPS
SUNYA students brought suit against the City at Albany last year charging the city with ger-
rymendering with the intent oi diluting student voting power. in the suit and a subsequent ap-
peal, both at which students lost, it was demanded that the city redraw the at action districts

remander oi the uptown residents have been provided with on-campus polling places.

 

to include oil-campus polling places lor residents of Colonial and hall at Dutch Quad. The.

 

 

 

 

 

 

MATTHEW J. MENDELSONN PIPE DREAM
Albany State Wrestler Dave Averill became the school's illst
NCAA champion in 17 years when he won the 126-p0und
crown by disqualiﬁcation. Averill, above, was thrown on his
head by opponent Orlando Caseres In the that round oi the
27 seconds in the match with Caseres leading 9-3. Averill Was
knocked unconcious irom the tail. He was unable to continue.
and was awarded the NCAA crown by disqualiﬁcation
because at the illegal move used by Caaeree.

 

 

 

m-i.‘uL|-~Wn a...

 
 
 
  
 
 
  
    

Vice President tor Academic Attalre Judith Ramatey

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

 

New policy provides "a fuller picture of an academic career. ".

New drop-add policy approved;-

student leaders push for repeal

By Jim O'Sulllvan
ASSOCIA TE NEWS EDITOR

Amidst vocal student opposition, the
University Senate voted in May to have a
' “W”_placcd‘on a student's transcript if“ a
course is dropped more than ten days into the
semester. .

Under the new policy, students will also be
given more time to add a course.

Student leaders are now looking into alter—
nate proposals to the regulation, which goes
into effect during the Fall 1985 semester.

Under current rules, a student has ﬁve
days to add a course. and_can drop a course
until the middle of the semester

The new rules will expand the add period
to ten days, but will cut the add period to
those same ten days.

About 35 students attended the Senate
meeting to demonstrate their opposition to
the rule.

Statements against the proposal - usually
just called the “W” — were met with cheers
and applause from the students, many of
whom had come in response to ﬂiers passed
around campus by Student Association (SA).

Senate chair Ronald Bosco limited debate
on the motion to ten minutes. Attempts to
extcndldebatc failed to get the required two-
thirds majority. '

Following the ﬁrst vote in favor of the
“W,” a motion to reconsider was approved.
However, after statements from various
Senators and SA President Rich Schaffcr,
who voiced his opposition to the bill. it was
approved a second time.

" In his statement before the Senate, Schaf—

fcr charged that the “W” would discourage
students from exploring new ﬁelds of in-
terest. He urged the Senate to consider alter-
natives to the plan.

But supporters of the proposal said it
would stop students from registering for
more courses than they intend to take, and
would help alleviate the problem of closed
classes.

A motion by Senator Mitch Feig, a stu-

dent, to have the proposal movad back to ;

committee was also defeated.

Student leaders pointed to the packed
visitors space as evidence of their charges that
too few students were involved in the process
which created and chose the "W." _

But the chair of the Undergraduate
Academic Council, Cathy Lasusa, who is
also a student, spoke in favor. of the “W.”
She said she believed it would keep courses
open to students who intend to complete the
course.

Bosco said during a recent inter .cw that it
was his policy to follow the recommendation
of each committee chair on whether or not to
support a bill. “The argument that there
was no student representation] didn’t ac-
cept," Rosco said, explaining that students
on the subcommittee and committee which
drew up the proposal voted in favor of it. '

“l was quite amazed that students felt they
were not represented," he added.

Bosco praised Lasusa's performance as a
senator and as the Senate Iiason for SA. “She
never spoke for herself, she spoke for the

_ students she represented," he asserted.

The measure was passed by a 3-] margin.

. Bosco said, adding that more than 35

  
  

. 500,000 out of 9.8 million eligible men have not registered for the draft.

  

on their eligibility for financial al,

By Wayne Peereboom
EXECUTIVE EDITOR

All sides are waiting for a decision by the US. Supreme Court to. see if male college
students who don't register for the draft will remain ineligible for federal aid. ‘ '

The non-registrants became ineligible for_fcderal aid programs. such as the Basic Educa-
tional Opportunity Grants (BEOG), Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant
(SEOG) and Guaranteed Student Loans, as a result of a law known as the Solomon
Amendment. Proposed by New York Congressman Gerald Solomon as an amendment to
the Defense Apporiation Bill. the Solomon Amendment went into effect .luly l. l983,
according to an aide to the congressman, John Kostas. The law requires that all draft eligi-
ble males indicate whether they've registered when applying for federal aid.

According to United States Student Association Executive Vice President Scott Wexler,
a Minnesota Federal Court judge ruled that the Solomon Amendment is unconstitutional
{because it is _in violation of the right to due process. Wexlcr said thcjudge issued an injunc-
,tion stopping the law, after ruling that students had a right to a trial before being denied
_fedcral aid. Wexier explained that the case was appealed to the Supreme Court where a
panel ofjustices lifted the injunction. He said all arguments have been heard and a final
decision is expected from the court by the end of June. '
chler said there are no estimates on how many students have lost aid or registered for
the draft as a result of the bill. “I don’t feel the Solomon Amendment has had much of an
effect," said Wexler. ‘f People strong enough to resist are also strong ehough to get an ex-
tra job." he said.
in an interview last Fall, Aid Director Donald Whitlock described the Amendment as an
attempt to cut back on federal financial aid to lower and middle income students.
Whitlock called the Solomon Amendment “so illogical that some members of thgﬁnan-
cial aid profession are commencing to feel that some form of administrative harassment is
being brought to bear upon them."
Kostas said the congressman's main reason for proposing the amendment was to increase
compliance with draft registration laws. According to a 1983 federal government estimate,

Kostas said another reason for the proposal was that "non-registrants receiving aid is not
fair to people who register." "

Solomon is conﬁdent that the law will be upheld, Kestas said, and has no alternative
plans in the event that the law is struck down. Wexlcr said his organization will have to
regroup if the law is upheld and concentrate on such things as voter education. However,
SUNYA Student Association Attorney Mark Mishler pointed out that if the court upholds
the law it will "limit any challenge to it in the future."

in the meantime. S.A. President Rich Schaffcr said the state legislature is considering a
similar bill for state aid. He said the state Higher Education Committee will be voting on
the proposal on June 19. but it is unlikely to go before the full legislature before they com-
plete their session the following week. ‘ - C]

 

 

 

senators had voted in favor..

ecutive Committee. Bosco said three voted
for the “W.” ‘

the “people who showed up (to the meeting)
' in opposition as representatives" of the stu» . it."
' dent body.

proposal "ridiculous." She maintained that
the “W” was an administrative attempt to
,ut down on paperwork and also to
economize.

ministrators feel the students are abusing the
system. . .which i don't believe at all, but
that's their attitude," she asserted.

were being considered by SA officials. "We
will be working on trying to repeal it," she market, but a string of “W” '5 would imply
added. I

good. Auletta said, adding "it got a little out
of hand but that’s because people feel it's im-V
portant."
Referring to LaSusa's role in the debate
‘ surrounding the "W." Auletta said, “I don’t
think she should ever have gone along with

0f the four students on the Senate's Ex-

Bosco explained that he refused to accept

LaSusa could not be reached for comment.

SUNYA Vice President for Academic Af-

- fairs Judith Ramalcy said she supported the

“W” because it would provide “a fuller pic-
ture of an academic career."

She said that SUNYA is one of the few
schools she knows of which does not record
on a student’s transcript courses which are

‘ registered for but never completed.

; Ramalcy said that a few “W” '5 would

1 probably not'hurt a student’s chances in ap-
plying to graduate school or in the job

SA Vice President Suzy Auletta called the

“The faculty and a lot of the ad-

Auletta said that various other proposals

“a pattern of response to the curriculum that
The student turnout at the meeting was ,the investigator should be nwareof."

Library lounge to offer less socializing space

 

Joseph Nltecki

'By Johanna Clancy

‘. STAFF WRITER.

.After the remodeling, Nitecln‘ claimed, ‘therc will be less.
, interference with studying because the area will be quiet.

   

 

 

 

Remodelling provides larger study area.

 

SUNYA’s library users will lose some socializing space.

when the second floor lounge is remodeled this summer to
create additional study space.

The lounge will be converted into a reading area similar to
the one on'the ﬁrst floor, according to Director of Library
Administration Joseph Nitccki. He added that the room
would remain a smoking section. '

As in the ﬁrst floor study area, no discussions will be per-
mitted in the new reading room, he said.

The change, Nitccki noted, is an attempt to help compen-
sate for the loss of seating on the second and third floors,

, and to reduce the noise level in thc library.‘The library needs

the extra shelf space to house its growing collection, he said.
“The library was designed to shelve l'million volumes,"

1c explained. “We are now too percent full. We keep cutting

tack on seating area on the second and third floors" to
phelve more books, said Nitccki.

Nitccki said he decided with the consent of'Studcnt .

Association officials and the Library Council to increase the

seating capacity of the red lounge by 20 percent to make up
for lost study areas.

Another reason for the renovations, Nitccki explained. is
the high noise level in the lounge. He said that some library
users have complained about the noise generated by conver-
sations in the lounge.

I
l

I 2pm- 10pm.

Group studying will be allowed in seminar rooms located
in the library, Nitccki said. adding that these rooms must be
reserved beforehand due to limited capacity. -

The remodeling, which began at the beginning of June, '
will by the end of summer, in time for the fall semester,
Nitccki said. ‘

He also claimed that the cost of the project would be
minimized by having it done by staff, rather than an outside

, contractor.

Additional plans include repairs on library carpeting, and
computerization of the card catalog and book check-out

‘ systems. he stated.

Scanning labels using the computer bar code will be placed
in all the books, eliminating the need to type the information
manually during checkout and other procedures, explained
Nitccki.

' Computerizing the card catalog will give faculty members
access to the book listings from their ofﬁces, so that they will
be able to ﬁnd out a book’s availability, said Nitccki.

"This is just one phase of a long plan of automation," he
said. “it will be much faster and much better for the
facilities." ‘ ‘ ,

Summer library hours are Monday-Thursday, Sam-lOpm,
and Friday, 8am-5pm. Saturday from 9—5 and Sunday from

. ' , El

  

