 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Marx And Monogamy

M onogamy. Just think of the word. it sounds like a disease; "Oh, Joe had to

 

by Michelle Krell

go home for the semester. He came down with a bad case of monogamy.
Did you hear? His girlfriend has it, tool"

Not only is the word stupid and misleading, but the concept. . l Mutual roman-
tic infliction is lewd, crude, and totally undesirable. lf Marx were alive today, he'd
probably have written a manifesto on the neverending struggle between the
monogamists and the hedonists.

Revolution is the only approach we repressed hedonists can take in a world of
“Hi, honey, l'm home!” It's tough admitting you're a lefto-pinko and don’t believe
in the cupidist system. .

But seriously, folks, it's tough being a hedonist. How would you feel if you
were walking down the street and saw three members of your opposite sex, and
wanted to get superficially involved with each one of them? Think about it. it's
safer. You get three chances to get rejected.

Some of you may be happy with the monogamous lifestyle, and it's okay, if
both parties feel that way. Sometimes, however, monogamists become possessed
by that little hedonist devil in each of us, and indulge in others on the sly. lf a

"monog" indulges with a "hedon," we have the equivalent of mixed nuts, a very '

diverse but interesting combonation. If a monog secretly indulges with a betroth-
ed monog, it's called bad philosophy.

Don’t be naive. Monogamists cheat. Hedonists are just honest about the whole
deal. They lay their cards on the table. Monogamists are merely good liars.
Haven't you ever wondered why marital monogamists invest in side by side
graves? Mr. and Mrs. just isn’t enough anymore. They've all got to pull daisies
together, six feet under.

Monogamy perpetuates shallow, close-minded unionsin one usually amounts to
one giant ego. Tisk, tisk, tisk, on the dionysians. They have fun, and fun
engenders bad laundry etiquette. Listen, monogs, non-fun is dirty diapers, divorce,
and yes, even death. .

Escape from the three "D's" means the big “8;” yes, the bar. Monogamists say
that they do everything together. Wrong. All those husbands that go out for a
night with the boys, what do you call thatl? They don’t go out just for the sake of
going out. These reason why thesr: men go out together is commiseration.
Together they bitch about the wife, the kids, etc. in between beer slugs and the
Dallas game.

"B" is also for bridge game where wives bitch about their husbands, the job, and
the children. Do you really think that any monogamous woman really gives a
damn about trumps? Do you really think thast any monog man cares about
Donanld Trump's football team? lf you do, you're way‘behind primeval wo~man.

Speaking about primevals, Darwin was right. Hedonists may have fun, but
monogamists have proved the theory of survival of the fittest. Many hedonists
have converted because many monogamous relationships have proven more
fulﬁlling as well as lasting. This article is proof of that. Its writer was born of a
monogamous relationshiop that still continues to flourish. ,

So what's the purpose of "Marx and Monogamy?” There is none. it’s just here
to make you laugh, but hopefully it will make you think, really think. Cl

-' s 

 



i t
t _

L

 
  

  

went to a wedding recently..lt Was interesting,

couple had been “a couple" for a couple of years
so we all assumed to decision to marry wasn't made
with a coherence one usually associates with LSD. Still,
i couldn’t help but notice that the groom might have ap-
preciated a blind fold, preferrably the kind one finds in
a shot glass. it may have been my imagination but the
bride’s walk up the aisle appeared to have an historical
precedent, say, in the Long March.

it was all so final, so total, so intractable.

I wonder if they felt it.

Never mind. There was a job to be done.

So rings were exchanged, candles lit, promises made,
readings read, and parents thanked. Dangerous
things to do in front of so many witnesses.

i wonder if they realized it.

Never mind. Pasts were concluded and a future was
charted. This young man and woman used to date.
They used to leave the cap off the toothpaste. They

‘ came and went as they pleased. They indulged in
self-indulgences.

No more.

Now dreams will be compromised. Ambitions Will
face the test of temperance. Somebody will have to
deal with the checkbook, cholic, and the burnt lasagna.

Lately these weddings are not trivial events to me. As
hard as I try to maintain a certain distance emotionally
from the significance of that which unfolds before my
eyes, I can't escape the subtle bombardment of the Big
Hints. After all, more then l'd care to admit, the people
being married are my age. ‘

My peers.

Scares the hell out of me.

What about you?

 

Let's face it, if you're twenty-one or twenty-two,
sooner or later you'll come to a certain realization.
Every Move You Make Could Be Your Last.

Don't fret. I'll explain.

 

 

VELoVEL
Love. V. . On The Edge

by Joseph Fusco

to say the least (dare i say inspiring? Nah.) The

     

     
  

  

When you were younger, and I assume all of you
were once, you may have dated with wild abandon.

You looked for relationships and relationships came
and went. Relationships were one of the many passages
in your life.

Relationships.

Relationships.

Relationships.

But regardless of the tumult, regardless of the joy,
regardless of the warm fuzzies, regardless of the securi-
ty and insecurity, you knew you could, you must, live
to love again. Nothing was final, total, or intractable if
you were careful.

But as you approach the mid of your college career

 

Let’s face it, if you’re
twentyvone or; twenty—two,
sooner or lateriyou come to
a certain realization.

Every move you make
could be your last.

 

the situation becomes nmrcifid more precarious, more
and more serious and you legin to solemnly abandon
your wild abandon.

You are running out at excuses.

Heaven help you if yuusliould fall in love. You're
educated, you're approachingia career and you have in‘
come potential. 1 wonder illlip thought that if you ever
should stumble into a serious: relationship or wake up
tomorrow and find yoursvllin love it would be final,
total, or intractable is somelhlng you've considered.

lt's nearing that time at out lives.

Choices have consequence;

Suddenly relationships reéuiere serious considera-
tion. We all have ambitionsi d desires. Medical school
is difficult to swing when a snail mouth demands cons-

l I

O

 

    

tant spoonfuls of Gerbei’s strained beets. That first
novel, undoubtedly the Great American novel,
somehow finds itself buried under gas bills, phone bills,
and the front lawn, which is now knee high. The
“Porsche” is really a 1978 Ford Pinto.

Not that it can’t be done, but at this stage, relation-
ships may have a tendency to take on a life of their
own. They may snowball and you may find yourself in-
extricably linked to another soul. Not that it’s such an
awful situation to find yourself in, but as you approach
the end of your college years, it may not fit into the ole'
Game Plan.

I know several people who have a tendency to shy
away from relationships, because although they find
being in love satisfying, they fear that a kiss is not "just
a kiss,” a sigh not "just a sigh." Many feel that to start
something at this age, so close to that B.A., still building
those dreams, is to secure a denial of the goals in their
future. Their lives and ambitions are centered on
freedom, and the commitment to the ambitions of
another person as well as their own threatens to drain
the life from that freedom.

l know still more people who, past that stage, found
strength in another person while pursuing that career.
that novel, those dreams. Someone to draw on, so-
meone to lean on.

I don't have any answers for you. I could never at-
tempt that impossible task.
The point is, we're older now. I've noticed a lot of

people my age making those final, total, and intractable.

choices, and I can no longer pride myself in distancing
my emotions from the encroaching reality that some-
day I, too, will require this responsibility from myself.
One day I may irreversibly identify with that bride and
groom, and it scares me. It scares me because I may not
yet be the personl want to be, the person i want to pre-
sent to the person I make that promise to.

it scares me because l may wake up tomorrow and
find myself in love. Cl

 

ELO

   

 
    

   

 

   

 
   
    

H

 

 

 

d

 

 

 

ELOVELOV' LOVELOV

Definition of “Love” used as cover illustration taken frog! The Living Webster Encyclopedic Dictionary

 

 

 

 

 

A Love Story

by John Keenan

hung up the phone, drained. My right ear felt red and sweaty from too

much time pressed against the reciever, and the palm of my hand had red

imprints from gripping the phone so tightly. My chest achcd from holding
in sobs. l was in love, of course. Dammit.

I went straight to the bathroom, which lgenerally did after Judy’s calls. l winced
as l switched on the light, the sudden brightness a iolt after the dimness of my
room. i looked at myself in the mirror for a long time.

i once had a story published in my college paper about the trials and tribulations
of trying to remain true to my high school sweetheart, back when l was a roman-
tic and idealistic freshman. Now, a slightly older and tougher sophomore, l pushed
my hair back over my forehead and looked at the tearstreaks running down my
face. My eyes were red from crying. Like a baby. Like a lovesick freshman. Like
an idiot.

l scooped up a handful of the cool tapwater and dashed it in my face, to fix me
up and calm me down, and raised my dripping face to stare in the mirror once
again. Jim Lopresti, epitome of the lovesick sophomore, pining for a girl a hundred
miles away who wasn't even sure if she liked me as much as I loved her. Typical. i
could have laughed. it was so completely in character.

When i was seven, long before love had reared it's ugly head, in the high sum-
mertime i once caught twenty-two frogs at one time, in the span of a Week. Being
very proud of myself, for l was egotistical even as a seven year old, i interred them
in my father's toolbox, which had been emptied and filled with an appropriately
impressiVe amount of mud. grass, and dead leaves for the occasion. With visions
of a Frog Farm, and tycoondom selling frogs to the other neighborhood boys (for l
was greedy as a seven year old, also) l put the toolbox on a high shelf in the garage
and Went away, promptly forgetting about them.

For two weeks.

When I was 18, five days after my birthday, l was delivering a carload of in-
voices for my father (who was a printer: more egotistical, less greedy). in a hurry,
for what seemed like a fantastic reason at the time, i pulled off onto a side road
after realizing that id been travelling in the wrong direction for upwards of twen-
ty minutes, After spinning the car around quickly, in a manuever only 18 year old
drivers seem to know and use, i pulled quickly back onto the main road.

Completely failing, as l was told later, to see the red light.

I sat in my suiteroom for about an hour after the phone call. I thought about
crying. About wanting. About saying "I wish I could marry you now," and feeling
really stupid immediately afterwards. i thought about all the things the word love
had ever connoted to me in my brief experience of it, and the thought that kept
flashing in my mind is the thought I had as i saw that white Buick Electra bearing
down on me, impossibly big and too fast to stop, the thought that sprang to mind
when, a long time ago, l’d thrown open the lid of that toolbox (two weeks later)
and the ripe smell of twenty-two dead and rotting frogs wafted up to me; An in-
credible mistake has been made, and I’ve just screwed up my whole life. '

Love. Gift of the gods. ’

 

 

 

  
   

(r

