    
  
 

 

 

 

..-.--M c. WM 5.3...” _ a.

. memwicu-a-m. .

  

election for SA president between Rich

Next week'there will be‘a'CVSpecial'runoff
Schaffer‘and Tim Hallock'. The turnout

at the first election .Was ridiculously low, and ‘

runoffs are known to be even worse. if peo-
ple don’t take an interest and turn out to
vote, the big victory will go to apathy and
disenchantment, and the big losers will be the
students. '

SA affects every aspect of life on campus.
Almost $1 million of our mandatory student
activity fee goes into the SA budget. This
money funds over 80 student groups, from
WCDB and Concert Board to ASUBA JSC-

'7   afterMayfest

Hillel and Middle Earth. it also goes to fun-
ding intercollegiate athletics. SA is the avenue
for almost all student activities, and the presr-
dent is the person in charge of it.

Aside from heading SA, the president is the
leading student representative and advocate.
in this role s/he works on issues ranging from
alcohol policy, bus fee, women's safety and
dorm robberies to fighting against tuition
hikes and for polling places on campus.
There is hardly any area of our liVes that goes
unaffected by the work of the SA president.

Yet over four-fifths of us did not|bother to

    

step off the dinner lines or into the camp“S
center and cast a vote for who will lead our
pervasive student government next year,

As always, SA has had its share of political
problems this year. Many people see “petty
politics” or “student apathy” on campus and
turn away in cynicism. But the solution, like
the problem, begins with us, and there is no
better place to start than in the ballot box,

Listen to the candidates, find out where

they stand. Talk to people. And cast a vote.
There is life on this campus after “Mayi'est.”
Be a part of it!

 

COLUMN

Defining ounnational-in

Human suffering. As a result of political conflicts such
.uffering has become an cverday reality. in many instances
our nation. the United States of America, has played a role,
often an important role, in the suffering brought about by
these conflicts. How we are concerned says a lot about the
potential outcome for foreign cultures, often we define our
involvement in terms of our "interests." Just what our "in-
terests" are has been a dormant question with an evasive

HHSWCI‘.

LAlexanderI-F. Ross

We who hold the concept of democracy sacred often turn
our face to nations that admire our system and wish to
become democracies. Instead of taking the time to forge
strong allies and strong democratic nations, with the oppor~
tunities and rights we possess, we support regimes who in
turn will support our "interests." Often, this means not a
democratic structure but individual rulers, and dictators.
Moreover, while our nation indeed benefits from the cheap
labor and raw materials of other nations, the people native to
those lands go uneducated, malnourished and often risk their
lives if they protest these conditions. In many instances our
constitutional laws which provide the cornerstone of our
domestic democracy are disregarded in the foreign policy and
practice of our government. Frequently, our government
takes these nonhumanitarian, nondemocratic actions, in the
name of our national “interest,” in the name of the domestic
practice we value so dearly.

Examples of these phenomena are many, but some are in
need of immediate review. As the American public remains
on the sideline, unaware of our government's activities, peo-
plc in countries on every continent are living under op-
pressive systems and conditions. South Africa, for example.
How have we helped influence representational democracy?
South Africa enjoys a strategic location on the African conti-
nent with rich natural resources. a strong distaste for com-
munism, and a large segregated black population-whom the
white minority exploits. We are one of the very few nations
which support South Africa: can we limit our democratic
principles to our internal policy?

Up until this spring our current government was directly
involved with Lebanon's civil war. Our president and his
secretary of state told the American public that the reason
our youth were positioned in Lebanon was to preserve the
current Lebanse government and to serve our "interests." it
subsequently became apparent that the Christian minority
would lose power in the future. We pulled out of there leav-
ing over MAmerican dead, without a political solution, and
without a peace for the people of Lebanon.

Currently, we are deeply involved in the internal affairs of
many nations in Central America none of which send
military or political advisors to our nation to solve our inter-
nal problems. America has, for over 60 years, exploited Cen-
tral America. We have done so with corporations and by im-
planting dictators and giving aid in a fashion that preserves
our “interests” but not benefitting the people in any exten-
sive manner. Our ideas for creating democracy in Central
America have only led to the ﬁnancial betterment of a few
companies and individuals. There are few countries in the
area with working democracies; we must understand the
crucial role American governments have played throughout
the twentieth centttry in forcing the revolutions and civil wars
in progress today. '

We have had our chance to help form dem0cracies, yet we
have not taken the opportunity to do this. Our government
claims that the communists are suppressing the democratic
processes there. it is not because the people of Nicaragua, El
Salvador or Guatemala want totalitarian governments, since
they have been living that way for decades. The people expect
the democracy their leaders have promised them, the
democracy our government in America pledged to create. We

should not be so quick as to label Niearagua's government as
communist; can there only be two possibilities — cont-

' munistie or democratic? With what type ofgovernment were

they living under before the revolution? It was dictatorship,
whole-heartedly supported by the American government.

The way our government has dealt with the successful and
popular revolution in Nicaragua has been with military
counterattacks. We have refused to negotiate; we have refus-
ed to listen to the rest of the world. The political initiatives of
the Contadora group, consisting of countries within the
region, have been ignored by our governntent. The possibili-
ty of ruling from the world cottrt have recently been
disregarded beforehand by our president. The first action
will certainly bewilder the Central American nations that
strive to attain our democratic values, The second will be a
sign to the rest of the world that we view Central America im-
perialistically, as ours to deal with as we see fit. However, the
rest of the world is concerned, and does not necessarily see
the changes in Nicaragua as eommunistic but rather as an at-
tempt at undoing years of inequality and exploitation.

Our government has centered all its efforts on changing
Nicaragua with force, yet the people of Nicaragua will fight
for their new opportunity at democracy. It will take more
soldiers than the Contras can mass to overthrow the current
government. The most likely allies in such a war manocver
would be Honduras and the United States. in the end we
would probably attain our goal. the securing of our "in-
terests." Multitudes of Nicaragttans, Americans and other
peoples would die. We would risk international repercus-
sions, and it is questionable if democracy as we believe in
America would be implimcnted.

We are afraid that the model of Nicaragua will spread to
other Central American nations, that communism will take
hold so close to our own soil. We should not use the mask of
communism as our excuse for subversion of Central

' America's freedom to choose its own direction. For, if we

had offered these nations to our south the same democracy
we offer our own citizens, there would be no communistic
threat. Instead many in El Salvador are waging a strong bat-

crest

tie for change, and they do not appear to be fading mm) m
the near future. There was a political problem in (inutunultt
which has been dealt with by force. The lndians \vho \Hllllt’tl
change have been all but killed off. American-bucked the-
tators with American arms and American military athimn
stopped the pleas for change. it was done in u my
nondemoeratic manner and it served our government'» "in-
terests."

The Central Intelligence Agency has supervised the lil)lllt‘
of mines by Contras in Nicaraguan harbors, keeping llli\ tie-
tivily covert. The president defended the action as it pro
hibitive measure to stop the shipping of arms by Nictttttgtttt
to El Salvador. The three ports mined have little ln\‘U|\L‘lllt‘lll
with the shipment of arms. There is one body of water tltttl
could be used by Nicaragua for such activity, the (toll oi
Fonseca. It was not mined. The Contras with the dirch aid or
the CIA are moving from Costa Rica through the southern
border of Nicaragua and taking small areas in that region.
This in turn, will force Nicaragua to defend its territory.
Possibly soon there will be a heated battle and America with
its weapons and young people will be there to defend out
"interests," as we did in VietNam and Lebanon.

it is time young people asked what our "interests" are in
other nations. As the guardians of democracy, are we work-
ing towards attaining the same rights for other peoples that
we enjoy here in America? Our interests should be strong
allies who can trade with us and share in the positive changes
in health care and education — this we can offer to our
neighbors. For, while some Americans enjoy a high standard
ofliving, health, education and political freedom, it is at the
expense of others. Moreover, while we live lives thinking [hill
in other nations they live as we do, we must take tithe to
become informed and make the decisions of a democracy.
We must decide what our “interests” really are. For Ihc
world does not stop at Lark Street or the Longbranch or ill
the border with Mexico. America’s interest should iliL'ilItiL'
the needs of those people in other lands, our neighbors, our
friends and our fellow human beings. We will live Ingclhet or
perish alone.

 

 

 

   

Coltuutt f’ttrst‘ sum. 4»

 

 

as

  
     
      
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
   

April 21. 1934’



 

----_----- .- m

.
-

 

 

Q’-
‘9'. . 

.3

    
   

 

 

 

 
   

‘-

  

 

 

 

