   

 "may r.

 

 

 

   
 

 

   

 

 

p118.

social 'pressures of thei
solidarity for gays and lesbians.

 

The success at" this action. however. was ov -
shadowed by the childish and offensive attitude ciii
many on campus, who reacted by purposely not wear-
ing blue jeans Wednesday. These people could be
heard reacting to GALA’s full page ad in the Albany
Student Press with ugly and hateful remarks. These
same people could be seen sneerlng and jcering at

anyone wearing blue jeans Wednesday.

What is truly sickening aborit this bigoted peanut

therefore abnormal menaccs to society. Both of these

COLUMN ~

‘ Day” on Wednesday revealed both a very en-
couraging and a very alarming side of this cam-

‘ 'Many_pcople made the conscious effort to tttrn out
in blue jeans. in support of gay and lesbian rights.
They were mature and committed enough to ignore the
r peers,,and show much needed

 and tolerance

G ay and Lesbian Alliance's (GALA) “Blue Jeans"

assumptions are wrong. and very threatening in what
is supposed to be a healthy democratic society.

First. showing support for gay and lesbian rights has
nothing to do with one‘s inclinations towards
homosexuality. it is a political action; a way of saying
no to prejudice and discrimination.

The rights of minorities are a matter of principle.
not personal preference. Defending these rights — in
theory and in actuality -- is the only way to lhwart the
evils of bigotry. A society that doesn't make clear its
support for minorities is a society that makes clear its
ignorance. inequality and oppression.

Second. it’s horrifying to discover that so many
among us still see homosexuality as something wrong.
weird or threatening. This backwards, close-minded.
malicious attitude belongs in the same class with what

, the Romans thought of the early Christians. the
Puritans of the American Indians, and the Nazis of the
Jews.

. Homosexuality goes as far back in human history as
its counterpart. heteroscxtiality. it is an element of

Why an ASP ie?

l wokeup Tuesday afternoon about 4 after a record five
hours of sleep. Automatically, l stumbled out to the phone
to call the ASP to see what was going on. i needed my ASP
fix — after all. i hadn't been up there for most of the day and
l was going through withdrawal.

Patricia Mitchell

A thought then made its way through my foggy brain. or

what was left of it —- this lifestyle of mine would soon be en-
ding after more than a year. Finally, 1 will be attempting a
normal life of sleeping. eating and actually going to the
bathroom like other people.

Why? you ask. Well, the plainfsimple. unadulterated
truth is that l'm an ASPie. They don't do anything like nor-
mal students because they have forgotten how. They give tip
all trappings of a living. breathing human being to be a fry-
ing. droolingjotirnalist hoping to piit out a twice-weekly col-
lege newspaper.

if i had known a year and a half ago what i would llllVL‘
gone through in the past months i would have laughed.
Then. i was a lowly teciiic who shook cvcry titiic a sports
editor would ask me to trim a piece of copy. and rtin otit of
the room when an editor in chief would start screaming

This looks like doodyll” And now l'tn writing this column
and trying to say good-bye to some of the best, most
ogtilrtigc‘d and dedicated people i have ever had the pleasure

 

 

. even aclu
do. Anywhere up to 70 hours a week, including twoalilll'
nighters for production, can really rearrange your whole life
Thesepcople risk their health, their grades. a social life a
digestive system. a functioning brain, and normal rclatidn-
ships. lAnd evenrafter leaving the ASP. they are never really
norma again— a ter brutalizi ‘ ‘
just can't be. ng theirbodies for so long, they

But why? Why would someone want to kill themseleves for
anything? Especially for the Albany Student Press?

' Well. for one there is a tradition up here, a fine line that
ties everyone who is an ASPie, was an ASHe and will be an
ASPie to a history of student journalism. The other day l
was telling John Keenan. the Aspects editor that a forrrier
production manager was coming for a visit. John's face lit
up, and he said. “Jack Durschlag? Really? He's coming for a
t isit?" He then proceeded to retell of the night that Jack had
learned how to do outqoutes. The two have never met but
John'can tell anyone all about how Jack learned how to do
outqoutes.

Second,.l guess that we aFe something of a fringe culture
and we are too much alike to do anything else. After spen:
ding a good 70 sleepless hours with about is other people
who are doing the same. there is no other choice but to get
close to them. We eat togther. don’t sleep together, go to the
bathroom together, fail together. and when it’s all over with
we drink together. Often and as much possible. How can any
group of people go through all that together and not feel
some sort ofaffection for their fellow martyr? Sonic married
couples never even go through this with each other.

Third, we're dedicated to this newspaper and absolutely
determined to do the best we can. All of us have made
sacriﬁces -— anywhere from skipping a class to losing friends
— because wejust don't have the time. We all believe that we

are doing the most professional job we can. and we give of

ourselves “0 percent or more to keep that standard alive.
Fourth, the ASP has given us something in return — not only
practical experience that will later set us apart from your
average Joe, but something to do when we could be just
sleeping. a place to go. and someplace to belong. What more
could anybody ask for?'

Fifth. we're all on drtigs tip here. we’re all hooked on a
mud-like brew called "coffee." That’s the real secret to how
we all got involved- each of us during our ﬁrst production

, night were fed masstve amounts ofti special brand that's call-

ed Wa‘ync's coffee. The ASP is the only place where it's
dealt. so we naturally had no choice but to join.

A lot of people on this campus really don't know about
how hard it is to put out this newspaper. They complain
when it doesn't come out, they complain when we take an
editorial stand against an opposite viewpoint they think we
should be doing different things. ‘

But i ask you. ltow many have done
they belcive iii a free, independent newspaper that has its
ideals in the backbone of ti democratic society? How in'in~
arc Willing to sacrifice their sanity? Not many. and not min):
understand why we do. so they feel free to cltastisdu)‘
because they think we should be doing our job dil'licrcntl '5
We are writing to put in ilic lime and the effort to inform thi:
college community, often without recogttition or iittdcrstai:
dng of our situation. Not that \vcitrc asking for it we acce t
our situation gladly and wouldn’t change it for anything. Biit

38-hour days because

 

/t.\

LIBYAN .TERRIST

\

 

 

“ \

 

human nature. and not something that social coitdi.
tioning can erase. To try and repress it is just den
relity many of us are too uptight to face.
Society is finally beginning to learn to accept guy;
and lesbians as “normal” within its ranks. tint on lit-is
campus. people are still clinging to the archaic sligtmg
of homophobia. I
The ugly cynicism of those who chose not to “'0'”
bluejeans on Wednesday springs from iniiiiaturitv mid
ignorance. Life teaches that we must tolerate diversity
it is self-defeating to try and make things conform to
one’s own personal vision of so-callcd normality, rluhl
and wrong. good and evil. What is more ltttptit'lthn
than any single belief or way of life is respect for
others.
This is how humans can survive and enjoy this world
— by respecting and supporting cacti other. The peo-
ple who chose to avoid wearing jeans on Wednesday,

)‘ing ll

 
 

 

 

who snecrcd and laughed and cast dirty looks about
better learn this lesson. Otherwise they will go on to
jotn in the mainstream of prejudice and hostility. mak-

ing this an uglier and meancr place to live.

how many people have gotten involved in this campus to the
minimum amount that we have? How many have gone to a
Central Council 'meeting? On their only night oft“! How
many are concerned about the proposed bus fee? How many
lose sleep over Rich Schat'fcr’s plaid shirts? Not llilltll' illltl
it's a damn shame. I

But then, see someone spil or be insulted bectuoe they
can't take a joke and all hell breaks loose. ‘l‘hen lltc .-t.$'l’ is
called upon to change it. to crusadexAnd when “U don’t
they don't understand why we can‘t. y

Admittedly. we are not perfect. Not only tire uc loathing

. this job still, but we are also trying to be students at the mut-

time. No one is perfect, and the ASP is definitely on much-
ion.

But still. the history and dedication of being no .tX/‘ic o
running through this hallway. Several of the sittll Iltt‘i “L’t'lx
have pulled at least three all nightcrs, not only ltll lllL'lI null
production, bttt for the parody of the ASP. Those “ho will
be leavnig the staff for "greener" pastures didn't \\.|Itl lllt'
final production night to end. From my perspectitc. l lltttli. i

feel it most of till.

Wednesday. a professor iisked if being oii lllt'.‘lih‘ll |‘- with
worth it. An emphatic yes was the response. The itcuxpdtu‘t
and the staff have givcti me more than they know HIMIL
you. Will you still let me hang around next year"! i pmtntw
ill be good...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
   
 

 

 . 1".v-rl‘4 ‘-'*"'"

VOLUMELL

PUBLISHED AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW

 

Friday '

May 4, 1984

 

 

NUMBER 0 l

 

Leery bans fun in
dorm rooms; cites

irresponsibility
and vandalism '

By John Keenan
mt UNKISN IIUI I in is

ill a surprise move yesterday. the Presi-
dent‘s Action Committee On The Lack Of
Quality In Student Life passed it resolution
banning fuii t‘roin SUNYA dorms.

The much discussed ‘Ftin l’olicy' has been
the topic ol' heated debate between student
leaders and tidiiiinistrtttion officials since its
inception in early April. but few SA officials
actually thought the resolution would be
passed.

"it's a disgusting and lowly infringement
on the student's rights, just the type of move
i would expect from the verminous, festering
maggots who run this university," said an SA
insider, who asked to remain nameless.

Student Association President Rich
Lowenbrau. meanwhile. has vowed to con-
tinue the students fight. all the way to court if
need be. “C'mon. this is ridiculous.”
Lowenbrau asserted. "Next thing you know,
they'll be trying to ban alcohol.”

SUNYA President Nunzio Leery respond-
ed."Thc Fun Policy is both legally and
ethically correct. Fun in the dorms promotes
irresponsiblity and vandalism, and besides.
there are places of f-campus where students
can go to have fun, if they’re old enough,
and besides, we're running an institution of
learning here, not a ‘fun' factory. Fun is
dangerous - do you know, we've had rumors
of sex in the dorms? Unbelievable. huh?"

Vice President for All the Things No One
Else Wants To Be Vice President For Ken-
neth“0rgan" Morgan added, “There are
plenty of things students in the dorms can do
instead of having fun - study, read, go to the
bathroom. It’s not that we’re against fun
itself," he asserted.“but there's a place for
fun. and we don’t feel that place is the
dorm."

The committee passed the resolution lS-l,
but before the resolution can actually be put
into effect, it must be reviewed by the Presi-_
dent's Committee to Review What Other
Committees Have Just Finished Reviewing,
where it is expected to be quickly reviewed,
"definitely before the class of ’87
graduates," Leery asserted.

The ﬁnal step before the resolution will ac-
tually be passed is when the resolution will
come to the University Senate floor. where a
full review of the resolution, as well as a
review of the entire Senate. and a review of
Terms Of Endearment will take place.

“it’s locked up." Leery chortled to ASP
sources. “And if Lowenbrau tries anything
too nasty, those pictures hit the tabloids!" [3

 

 

President Nunzio Leery
We won’t use this picture anymore

 

 

 

aartrldgou Shirley Jones

 

Buxom. bttr tier/tienetrtic

 

ily to appear at

‘Celebration ’ this Saturday

By Jim O'Suillvan

nausea rs ax DIC‘AL

University Concert Board Chair Dug Kahn
announced to a crowd of ecstatic fans last
night that in a last minute switch the Par-
tridge Family would headline ‘Mayfest' this
year.

The announcement was made at a press
conference in the Campus Center as members
of the SUNYA group ‘Partridge Family
Pals'(PFP) milled about. waving signs and
blasting David Cassidy songs out of portable
radios.

"It was either the Partidges or the
Outlaws," said one UCB member. who ask-
ed not to be identified.

in a complete change of the line-up, Kahn
told the fans that Lawrence Welk would open
the show, and the Kazoo Brothers, of
Telethon fame. would be the second of the
three acts.

University Auxiliary Services President
‘Geronimo‘ Seirracco, speaking along with
Kahn at the press conference. said that in
honor of Welk, a famed geriatric TV show
host, champagne will be served rather than
beer during the macstro's act.‘

PFP President Adele Tralla explained.
"The Partridge Family represents the best of
America - their hair is short, they don't do
drugs, and besides, couldn't you just die for
a bus like that?"

Tralla said that Kahn’s announcement was
the culmination of a year-long effOrt by her
group. “Welobbied hard, we threatened to
boycott, and they had to give in."

UCB and PFP held a week long
negotiating session that ended only hours
before the announcement.

Kahn agreed that Tralla's organization was

very effective. but he said the breakthrough
in the talks ocurred when Tralla dropped her
demand that Donny and Marie open the
event. '
Tralla said that she had received much help
from campus groups. The Albany Student
Parody (ASP)“was really helpful.” she said,
“those editorials titled ‘Let's get a real hand
for Mayfest‘ really did the trick."

ASP Editor in Chief David L.L.L. Laskin
said that the Partridge Family was a good
band to bring to SUNYA in order to promote
diversity. “The obvious positive effects of br-
inging such an important force in music to
SUNYA at this time are innumerable, even if
Shirley Jones is a bit buxom - and the
hermenutics. oh! what hermenutics," he
gushed.

Laskin was last seen walking into the tun—
nets on lndian Quad. Witnesses said he was
singing the lyrics to the hit Partridge Family
song “i Think i Love You." while dancing
wildly and telling people to listen to the
hermenutics.

Student Association President Rich

Lowenbrau had threatened earlier to sue
Kahn if “an honest attempt was not made to
bring the group to SUNYA."

"i feel Very strongly that. if a group can
get so much support they should be accom-
modated. if possible." said Lowenbrau.

Lowenbrau had originally said that if UCB
could not get The Partridge Family to appear
at Mayfest. he would see if they could be
signed to appear at Off-Campus
Association's Party in the Park in downtown
Albany.

Lowenbrau dropped the idea after the
OCA Board of Directors voted. I3-t-l, to
fircbomb Lowcnbrau’s house.

"No elected. jackass is gonna tell us we
have to have a ‘plastic band’ at our party."
said Off-Campus Coordinator Sue Awfletta
when the board's action was announced.
“Besides, we're not having the proper
refreshments at Party in the Park, we’re not
serving any Tab."

Opposition to the Partridge Family reacti-
ed a fervor when M people showed up at a
rally in front of the Campus Center last week
to protest against signing the Partridge Fami-

y.

Holding signs which proclaimed “Ban the
Plastic People Band" and “Don’t give us
that canned crap," the group accosted
passers-by. seeking signatures on a petition.
Not one person was willing to sign, reported
"No Plastic Shit at SUNYA” President Don
Thomasalla. whose group sponsored the
demonstration.

“it was a beautiful day, but people avoid-
ed us like we had the plague, even the
Roscman moved to inside the lobby,"
Thomasalla said.

The rally almOst turned to violence when
residents of Colonial Quad’s Herkimer Hall
showed up dressed in battle fatigues and car-
rying llamethrowers.

“They‘re gods - we want to grow tip and
teach our children how to act like Chris and
Tracy, they're so good." said one of the pro-
testers.

“Tracy plays a mean tambourine." stated
Krista Ruffle, a Herkimer resident. “I want
to marry a man like Keith Partridge." added
Rufflc‘s suitemate Alicia Simba.

Simba, who served as leader of the
Herkimer group, was among the many re-
joiccrs at last night's press conference. “We
won! We won! it's gonna be a really groovy
time. Truly » I wouldn't lie about a thing like
this," site exulted.

Student Action Citair Steve “Hurley”
Gurley Friday morning announced plans to
set tip voter registration tables at Mayfest.
"Everybody on campus wants to go to this,
The Partridge Family is really popular. not
like the Pretenders. We’re gonna be able to

 

Sniper trapped
in Humanities
Lounge; calls
for croissants

By Steve Marks
III.UNl) sruu

A SUNYA student. armed with a high-
powercd rifle, took over the Humanities
Lounge this morning in retaliation for the
cancellation of the lounge's afternoon poetry
readings over wine and cheese. He is current-
ly being held at bay by a SWAT team com-
posed of English professors.

The readings had been held from four to
six p.m. for the past couple ol' days. Dean of
Humanities Crawl Walls cancelled the
meetings yesterday. when a graduate student
was pelted with plastic cups and Sociables as
he misread a passage from Whitman's “Song
of Myself." Apparently, there was no one
assigned to clean up the mess, violating the
agreement reached March 26th between
Wallace and the students who use the lounge.
Thus. Walls discontinued the poetry
readings. ‘

The sniper, who will identify himself only
as 'Thc Jackal’. is the leader of Students
Against Really Triﬂing and Ridiculous
Enactments (SARTRE). Outraged by the
cancellation. the activist English major was
quoted as saying, "Shiller would never have
stood for this."

Eye witnesses reported that at about 9:45
a.m.. The Jackal entered the Humanities
Lounge with what appeared to be a pool cue
case. Producing a high-powered rifle. he
ordered everybody out of the room, declar-
ing, “Remember people. l‘m doing this for
you." Faculty and students turned and went
to enjoy Fountain Day.

A secretary in the Philosophy office. which
is located on the second floor of the
Humanities building directly below the
lounge, said that she heard the student
smashing a window up above. “Then i heard
gunfire. and the shattering of glass as he blew
out windows in Social Sciences and the
library. in between the blasts. I could hear

him shrieking — ‘bitter coffee . . . ' and ‘dry
zucchini bread . . . ' and I think i heard him
quoting Poe — ‘Thus quoth the Raven,

'ncvermore' . . .

Walls. who was alerted immediately about
the sniper. reacted with: "i knew we should
have just closed down the damn place."
Walls called upon English Chairman Slob-
bert “Danno” Danavan. head of the

recently-established Anti-Activist Task
Force. “We started recruiting back in March
when word came down that Walls was going
to cut the lounge’s hours." said Danavan.
“Fortunately. that powder-keg was defused.
But we’ve been running drills since the sit-in.
We'll get that sucker."

 

 

 

sign up 5000 many people. it's just too bad
~ >

President Numlo Leery
One of these days, ASP. To the moon!

 
 
     

  

  
 
  

 
 
     
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
 

 

  

