   
 

 

 

f.

   

E .

-:'—u"'

 

   
   

f.-

.
v 

9.
t,
E.

 

xr.,——.._..;~:T

0....

,x.

 

 

_ 

.j 49.35-“...M

a..-

 

Kﬂm reams:  r

 

   
 

u

 

 

 

 

 

 

EDITH/AL.“ e

Ourmoney in South Africa

.0 you mind that SUNY Central, and possibly
'Marine Midland; help support one of the most
racist and oppressive governments on earth.?

The South African Republic exists on the principle
that 5/6 of its population, over 20 million blacks,
should be ruled ,and treated barely as third class
citizens by an elite white minority. This principle of
srtict racism is called apartheid.

Calling apartheid racist and oppressive is kind com-
pared to avastudent resolution in June which indicted
South Africa as “a genocidal and fascist regime." The
,United Nations has declared apartheid “a crime
against humanity,” and has called for universities and
other institutions to break all ties with the Sbuth
African government.

Marine Midland’s‘ ties to companies dealing with
South Africa are suspect. The bank is not on the
“clean list," which keeps track of companies who
have divested all their interests in South Africa.
Although other banks have divested, a Marine
Midland spokesperson claims “we are a business enti-

Where Marine Midland's involcment is merely . _ . I
uncertain, S‘UNY's ties to the racist government volved like this. There tsaprocess called div

couldn't be clearer.

> as of March l983, $17.3 million dollars of the SUNY
Endowment Fund was in the hands of companies ac-
tive in South Africa.

> one of the largest of these investments is in lBM, the
major US. supplier of computers to South Africa.
IBM has served many of the deprtments which enforce
aparthied policies, including Prisons, interior,
Defense and Education. '
> other major SUNY investments are in Ford and GM.
who are the number-two and three direct U.S. in-
vestors in South Africa.

{SUNY Chancellor Clifton Wharton sits on the
Board of Directors of Ford, which supplies vehicles to
the South African police and military.

There are other financial, personal and acedemic
ties between SUNY and South Africa, but these are
enough to prove that SUNY, one of the largest and
most extensive institutions of higher education in this
country, is heavily involved with one of the most in-

ty, not a political entity."

(ML UMN

humane governments in the world.

There is no need for our university system to bun,

, . ' cslntcntI
in which all investments directly or Indirectly goingI0

South Africa are sold off and invested in "clean"
companies. Other state university systems have do",
it, along with many corporations and large banks,

in South Africa it is a crime punishable by a
minimum of five years in jail or a maximum of tieth
to publicly oppose investments by foreign corpora.
tions. The apartheid regime obviously depends heat
on our support to exist and succeed. _

It has now been proven many times over that divest.
ment can be profitable. There need be no conﬂict bet.
ween money and morality, regardless of Marine
Midland’s views.

lly

We should be joining the growing divestmcttt move.
ment. We should say “NO” to racism. We should help
build the pressure on the aparthied regime and its sup.
porters to end this terrible oppression.

What does it say about us if we allow it to persist?

 

The debate and rationality

i got home from work late last Sunday night. but i
managed to catch a repeat of the debate on PBS. Was it
worth staying up until 2:00 a.m. and writing this Well,

maybe it was.

Barry Rich

Now, i'm not going to come down on President
Reagan or his views, as most articles in this publication
always seem to do. i'm not going to blast Mondale either.

Sunday's debate concerned the candidate's differing
views on foreign policy. This is basically my field of
study, so i was particularly interested. There are a lot of
things to be said about the different issues discussed. For
instance, Mondale's foolish proposals to encourage
Eastern Bloc countries to turn against the Soviet Union.
That's pretty dangerous. cxpecially for a “dove” like
Mondale. Equally ridiculous was Reagan’s uncertainty
about whether the Shah did in fact mistreat his own peo-
ple. But this was all a lot of.small talk which doesn't real-
ly mean anything. Actually, sometimes i think that
everything these guys say is meaningless.

More importantly, both President Reagan and Mr.
Mondale had a lot to say about nuclear weapons. i think
both of them should look a little bit beyond their petty
partisan views and face reality.

First of all, both Reagan and Mondale went back and
forth on the question of who blew the lMF negotiations
this past year. The fact is that the Soviets turned down
Reagan’s “zero option” (no nuclear weapons in Europe)
and his subsequent proposals because British‘and French
nuclear forces are viewed by Washington (and by Britain
and France) as being an independent issue, not to be in-
cluded in U.S.-Soviet negotiations concerning Europe.
Now, to us it is debatable whether or not these missiles
should be included. But, being that even a “zero option"
still leaves the Soviets outnumbered by the British and the
French, it is not a matter of debate that the Soviets would

never agree to such a proposal. Eventually (if Europe is to
be “disarmed_") this issue will have to be addressed. 1
don't recall hearing either one of them mentioning it.

President Reagan's offer to give a foolproof nuclear
defense technology to the Soviets is a great idea. Mondale
was wron'gto attack it, or rather, it was his reasoning
which was incorrect. President Reagan's generous of fer is
based upon the assumption that the Soviets would trust
him to his word. That is a very poor assumption. The
chances are that they would not. Would Reagan (or Mon-
dale for that matter) allow the Soviets to build the
weapon and then give it to us Would you That’s why at
the current stage of technology, space defense systems are
destabilizing as Mondale correctly pointed out. But even
he doesn’t seem to understand just why they are
destabilizing.

Mr. Mondale says he wouldn't even build the weapon.
But is that the proper course Would not the Soviets
perceive this as weakness, and build their own Who
knows But since we dont’ know, we better make sure they
don't build it, right

Let’s play make believe. Let us assume that President
Reagan really does believe that a nuclear war can not be
won, and should not be fought. Reason suggests that he

should believe this. The only problem is that he is afraid
(and justifiably so) that perhaps the Russians don’t
believe it. in fact, Soviet military literature suggests just
that. Thus, we must build more weapons. This convinces
the Soviets that Reagan is some kind of right wing
fanatic, he wants to destroy the Soviet Union. Soviet
st ‘ s ‘g " to deter Reagan from such thoughts
only reinforce our belief that the Soviets think they can
win a nuclear war. if this sounds like madness to you,
that’s because it is. In this twisted world of mass destruc—
tion which we call the “nuclear age," facts are irrelevant.
meaningless. The only things that count are perceptions
(or misperceptions) and distrust. Mondale says it himself:
“1 don't trust the Russians.” That attitude might help
him to get a vote from Mr. Middle America, bttt it does
nothing to advance world “disarmament.” As long as
this atmosphere of mutual distrust and suspicion con-
tinttcs to exist, we all ought to do as the late Jim Morrison
suggested. “get our kicks before the whole --~-house goes
up in ﬂames." Because it will go up in ﬂames.
That's why i think these proposed yearly summit

meetings between US. and Soviet leaders are important,
even though they probably will not produce one lousy
“agreement.” They are important not because they will
provide some useless “forum” where nothing but aceusa~
tions and insults are exchanged. The meetings would be
important because the two leaders would be able to gel
together and see each other as the flawed human beings
that they are. God forbid. they might even find that they
have something in common. Both nothing more than two
people scared to death that the other is plotting to do him
in, while the both simultaneoust attempt to conic up
with ways to do just that, so the other won‘t do it first.
Human nature is very difficult to alter. lt (till be
especially difficult to alter when high stakes are lll\tti\L‘ti,
such as who’s going to control the fulttre cctuttutttc llllli
political direction of this planet. in a world with limited
recourses and two armed camps the notion llllll \ttll'ltl
leaders tend to act rationally goes right ottt lltc \vimlmt. If
people don't learn to live with each other soon. he may
very well all end up dying together. It Sillllltix land of
cliche. but that's the way it is.

 

,.

“rte unset new ts Ttlk‘l ms was mum AM can ATTEMVT to
who."

BUlLb A SECURE MMST

 

 

 

 

 

3

 

m...

we»... Mwmlw.

  

 
     

 

 

   
  
 
  
  

October 26, 1984 . _ z},

W!

 

   
    

 

   
  
 
  
 
  
 

   
  

 

   

 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  

   
   
     

:4 -- ‘ﬁ........,....

  
  
  

 
  
 

;...

    
 

  
 

 
  
  
 

    

 
  
 
     
 
   
   
  
   
   
        
    
     
   
      
     
      
      
   
   
   

 

 
 
  

; :;-wm‘1..- 3"

   
   
      
 
    
    
 
   
   
   
    
 
   
   
    
 
    
 
   
   
   
    
 
   
    
  
 

Roman
Vishniac’s
Lost

\Vurld

 
 
 
    
    
    
   

   

    

 

 

 

 

