«

WSU‘MM‘ER 19.94 a ALBANY smnmmmw .13; I; I

w,1

 

 

IN THE EAST.

. “w
a o _
« sopgn GYM.-
ﬂ =
' , NAUTILUI. 'omeLvunc “MINI
VEI II.“ IO FT or I”
A counter: sedate FACILITY
uuoen one noor .
> I SAME OWNERSHIP I 
' I 7 own-rm TENNII COURT.
IMO II
I KARATE I LIFE CVCI.

I
I SAUNAS I AIIOIICI I lWl
I SUPERVIIED NURSERY I DANCE STUDIO I III? I

VINAO‘I’IOS

' is IIOLI'. rumo- utmnutr:
 '  y I unexgrﬁgu;luru

l MONT" l-MON'I'II SHORT"

 

LARGEST noe'r COMPLETE HEALTH cLue ,

Q PEIIOIIAI. INSTRUCTION)

= e IACIITIALL courm 

I SUN-TANNING 8007MB
"MING POOL I WHIRLPOOL

m Albert lit-Ill,

IAI
M. Lou nvllle.
N V.

WEE

 

0. I m NEIIEIIIII'S
souslcouases .
guilt-nova scones — >
we. IMPROVE. . .
s'rooemrs v'roo

 

mrunattus  -
mlfloﬂttllllsctitlil]

enemas rem, LsAT . GMAT
E

LIVE CLASSES '
o TEST-N-TAPEO LIBRARY
- REINFORCEMENT TEST
- HOMESTUDY PACKET

3  ﬁll  Eitnln‘g'l a mum
‘  'uccunvr: PARK mrrvr:

SWYVESANT PMZA

ALBANY 1120.!
Ill-0071

.,°WF"F..  f
rest PREPARATION seccucisrssmc: um

 

. a _
~4 .
xaﬁwgs

—Precislon Cut and Blow Dry
——Mens $10 Ladies $14 ’

precision haircut, blow dry style)
$40 (Long Hair Extra)

—— Manicure $6
— Pedicure $15
—Beard and Mustache $3

Stuyvesant Plaza Mohawk Mall
438-6668 , 374-3589 .
Colonie Center ,

 

HAIR DESIGNERS I
SUNY Student Special

—Body or Curly Perms (includeszPH Shampoo,

—— Sculptured Nails $25 reg.$35 l

 

 

‘ INTRODUCTORY SPECIAL
Get In Shape-NOW! Look Great All Summer!

lat 'I'irne

, $59.Memben0nly 1

Offer limited to lot 100 people.
it all pooplo were the same height, weight and age and if all
people wanted the same goals. we'd need only one type of

exercise program.

But. people are different in every way! At ~The
ram to fit your
Individual specifications on our many dilerent types of
exercise equipment. Let us teach you the proper way to

my trainers and i design an exercise pr

exercise for fast results.

j THE BODY WORKS

Health and Fitness Center
Experienced Experts in the Health Industry
489-4475 Located at the Corner of South Allen
St. and New Scotland Ave., Albany (Across from St. Peter's

Hospital). -

(is

Body Works”

bongress seeking a national 21 drinking age

<Front Page ‘

Tobin claimed that the drinking age topic has
dominated the polls, forcing most congressmen to
“jump on the political bandwagon," in favor of 21.

ironically, only a few days before the federal action.
the New York State Legislature voted down a proposal
to raise the drinking age to 21 from the current 19.

An intensive lobbying campaign by Governor Mario
Cuomo failed to convince legislators to approve a
drinking age hike.

After a period of ﬂoor debate in late May, tltc
Assembly defeated the proposal by a vote of 80-69.
Because of the outcome of the Assembly vote, the
State Senate declined to take up tltc matter,

Legislators .vvho voted against the bill, which was
sponsored by Assemblyman Melvin Zimmcr
(D-Syracuse). gave several rcasons for their votes.
Many have stated that they find Cuomo’s argument
that the legislation would save lives ambiguous.

Graber said that raising tltc drinking agc~would
punish the vast majority of young adults between the

ages of 18-21 who are not involved in alcohol-related
accidents.

Some legislators also pointed out that studies show
that the high-risk age group for auto-rclntcd accidents
is 18-24. not 18-21. “Raising the drinking age to im-
prove safety runs in the face of facts," said Grubcr.

Tougher enforcement and education of young pco-
pic coupled with a mandatory scat bclt law would be
morc effective, he asserted. V

A bill calling for mandatory seat belt use rcccntly
passed the State Senate and is expected to become lth.

Tobin noted that the seat belt law is an alternative to
raising the drinking age and that it it would savc 4-5
times more lives titan would a drinking ztgc hikc.

The bottom line, many observers claim, is that this
issue was deemed by legislators as too hot to deal with
in an election your. The proposal faced powerful op-
position from groups inclttding NYPIRG and the Stu~
dcnt Association of the State University (SASU).

Additionally, thousands of bar and tavcrn owncrs
throughout the state strongly opposed the mcasurc.

Legislators drafting athletic fee proposal

<5
adding “We’re being very cautious and careful.”

Gibson said that LaVallc is waiting for the June
Board of Trustees meeting, where the proposal will be
discussed, before taking any formal action on the bill.

LaVailc's bill would establish a separate athletics fee
to fund intercollegiate sports on" each campus of the
SUNY system, said Wray.

Unlike the plan under deliberation by the Board of
Trustees. Gibson saidI no student athletic fee money
would be used to award athletic scholarships not based
on ncchnstead, she'strcssed, scholarship funds would
be obtained through private grants and donations to
the sports program.

“Each campus would decide their own level of par-
ticipation” through student referendum, under

Off-campus housing office

<Front Page
argued that the move will “greatly hinder communica-
tion bcthcn these co-cxisting interrelated services."
Although Aulctta cxprcsscd other concerns regar-
ding thc space and acccssability of OCHO's new loca—
tion, she rcscrvcd her harshest criticism for what she
believed to bc ulterior motives involved in Poguc's
decision. ‘

"it is my fear and the fear of other executive staff
members that the switch was done for personal
reasons. We feel Karlccn Karlson has done an ex-
cmplary job and has contributed much time and
energy to the university through her work with tile
students, faculty and the administration. Losing
Karlccn's close proximity is rather disturbing," Aulct-
ta wrote. “it is my sincere hopc that this move was
done in the best interests of all concerned. but it is my
feeling that it was not. it seems as though yet another
student service has gotten caught up in thc
bureaucracyff

SA President Rich Schaffcr agreed that the decision
may not have bccn made for completely professional
reasons. He said that Karlson’s tendency to “speak her
mind" gcts many people upset. in addition, Schal'fcr
said, Karlson’s role as a student activist and her close
working relationship with SA sometimes bothers her
fellow administrators.

“1 think there is going to be a lot of friction between
Karlccn Karlson and (Assistant Vice President for Stu~
dcnt Affairs and Director of Residential Life) John
Martone. in his position now, i don’t think he has a
good understanding of what OCHO is about," said
Schaffcr. “i think they have two different styles that
aren't going to mesh." ‘ '

Responding to charges of a personality conflict bet-
ween himself and Karlson, Martone said that “it’s pro-

lbably One of the most ridiculous things We heard.

Karlecn and i are friends. i don’t know what the big-

COnccrn is." He added that “There are many people
on our staff, including myself, that are excited about
her arrival."

 

l

i I I 1 <FrontPege,
She met
Berry ‘Scott,~ ,
Insurance Agency
811 Central Avenue
(Next'to
orange Ford)
Albeny.N.Y. 12208

 

 

 

 

_ Tote: coo-rue.

Margaret on the
Greyhound from Long island the
day before orientation. Completely
by accident, they ended up as room-
mates when they stayed at the
school the night before orientation,
and they were also placed as room-
mates for the orientation overnight
itself. When Alicia came to SUNYA

I
LaVallc's proposal, said Gibson.

Wray said that Stage] and LaValIc would "try to
ramrod (the bill) through the Senate and the
Assembly." ‘

“We’re (SASU) doing a lot of talking.” said Wray.
“We’ve let the word out that we don‘t like this."

A Board of Trustees-appointed task force had
recently proposed to the Board a similar plan for an
athletic fee, but the Board has not yet takcn any action
on the fcc idea.

The task force proposal, which is not connected
with any possible legislation, was met with unified op-
position from student leaders. in an interview in May
Jim Tierney, then SASU prcsidcnt, called the plan “an
administrative powcr grab,” and stressed that
“students will fight this tooth and nail." l 1

moved to State Quad

Martono went on to note the advantages of having
OCHO placed within the Residential Life offices. “1
see it as a positive move because of the secretarial sup-
port. computer support, and other rcsouccs she will be
receiving," Martonc said.

At the center of the controversy is Karlson, who has
directed the office since 1976. in recalling OCHO's
move to the Campus Center from Tcn Eyck on Dutch
Quad in January of 1977, Karlson said the move caus-
ed a great increase in the utilization of the office, and
projected that the current relocation will result in a 75
pcrccnt decrease in the student traffic of the office.
According to Karlson, in the last two years OCHO’s
surveys have shown that one out of every two students
used the office.

Administrative Services, which among other things
is where students frcqucnt to pay their Health Scrviccs
bills, will be moved to the spot OCHO is vacating, ac-
cording to Karlson

1n rcsponsc to the alleged personality conﬂicts.
Karlson did acknowledge that different philisophicai
perspectives do exist. However. she maintained that
these and/or any other differences will not stop her
from doing her job. "l‘m too much of a professional
to let personality get in the way. 1 think the staff over
at Residential Life is of such a caliber that i will enjoy
working with them," Karlson said.

in Karlson’s office, student advisers are trained as
para-legals and are able to help students with many
concerns that do not require the attention of Mishler.
Student advisor Pete Trevouledcs said the move will
have a negative impact on OCHO’s ability to reach out
to clients.”With this move we are we are going to lose
the people who just casually walk into the ofﬁce to ask
a question about apartment life. Those people are very
important because often their problems are much more
important than they thought,” Trevoulcdcs said.
“The casual clients make up a substantial percentage
of the people we service." El

SUNYA preparing for orientation .

in the fail, she found that Margaret
was again her roommate, complete-
ly by chance.

“Our entire circle of friends real-
ly came from summer orientation,"
said a senior. “1 lived with them
sophomore year, and we got an
apartment together junior year.
They're some of the closest friends
i'vc got.” Cl

Thanks to all the ASPles who
helped with the summer Issue-
especlaily for those who really
came through for me. Wayne Jerry
and Keith-players of the weekend. i
love you. PM

 

 

SPORTS BRIEFS .

Football'coeches

Albany Statc student Judy Torcl, and
recently graduated dcfcnsivc standouts
Bob Jojo and Tom Fognrty have all
received football coaching jobs.

Torcl will be the aerobics coach for the
Metro Maulcrs. a semi-pro football team
that play their home games at Blcckcr
stadium. Ex-Grcat Dunc tight end Bill
Banagan is on the Maulcrs. Torci also has
an aerobics class at Colonic Athletic Club.

Fogarty will remain at Albany State to
be an assistant coach for the Great Danes.
Jojo will travel to chssclcur to take the
job as linebacker coach for thc RPi
Engineers.

Swale dead

Clairbornc Farm’s Swalc winner of
.both the Kentucky Derby and the Bcl-
mont Stakes this year died early Sunday
morning.

The coil had finished an early morning
workout and according to Sergeant
William Lang, "They were washing him
down and he kccled ovcr. That's it."

Swalc was from the second crop of 1977
Triple Crown winner Scattlc Slew and his
first classic winncr. Swalc was the tenth
ltorsc to have won the Belmont and the
Dcrby without winning the Prcakncss.

Before his tragic death, Swalc had won
$1,790,431 including nine wins, two
scconds. two thirds and a seventh place
finish in thc Prcakncss.

An autopsy was performed on the colt
was performed. but according to New
York Racing Assodation publicity worker

,Susan Morris tltc results were not con-
clusive. Further tests will be used to try to
find out the reason for the horse’s death.

I':
Wilson Thomas sets up‘ for a foul
shot

Danes ranked 12th

The Albany State mcn‘s baskctball
team was ranked the twelfth best foul
shooting team in thc nation on the Divi-
sion iii lcvci. Thc Dancs made 307 out of
thcir 414 attempts front the charity stripc
for a 74.2 pcrccntagc.

Point guard Dan Crouticr led the way

for thc Dancs as he sank 93 of his 110 foul ‘

shot nttcmpts for an 84.5 percentage and a
number 18 milking in the country.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

._sp'or‘tsmén o‘the Year

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Mark Mercurio, Albany State's outstanding weight event technician. was
recently chosen Sportsman of the Year by a committee of Dane coaches follow-
";‘9 Ms fourth place finish at the Division 111 track and field national champion-

s lpe.

As a top finisher, Mercurlo earned All-American honors for his school record-
breaking performance. The Albany senior threw the hammer 179’6" to break his
Own school record in the championship trials and came back to record a toes of

176'10" In the finals for fourth place.

Mercurlo is Albany State's first All-American in track and field since 1974.
Head Coach Bob Munsey noted, “Marc has shown that he 13 as good in hlsevent
as anyone In Division III. Two of the guys that finished ahead'of him are
Graduating and If he Improves at all no one will be able to stop him anyway."

—Tom Kacandee -

 

 

0mm

000©

cm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Lt SA within)

7.

t
%8 © «wt-go
. ' .Iusr dndp by

In

WIIAT'S Youn BAq?

New WAVE, 'R0ck,'JAz'z, .
Thind Wenldy, News, Span-r57}

. -We do it All at Albany's
Pannessivc Al'rcnnarive, 3
ﬁrm, WCDBg’
E And you can;

 

 

. be A pan-r
of-ir AIII.

anytime.

 

ya

 

 

lllllllllll'
‘llllllllllll

I . llllllllllll
- in

In tribute to this most important

member of Our staff on this,

issue.

its last

 

 

 

