, ... ... . _-» a...,_...---<.» -ﬁ»... .._... .-.
...a.,..._........... v A

  
 
 
  

    
   

 w W.--,-..,-.-.._.-_-_...---_ . domber 16
\

  

 

 

  

Mm-..“ ._.... .w— H. - n

 -. . 
bb'léi'ms

Mai“ Klein ’.  "Pe‘rformanc e
I ’ve never liked Robert Klein. Never~

did. Do now, though. On 5a
‘ night I he skillfully blendellmiifny
provisation under duress with a solid has.
of humor. And Klein earned m e
respect with‘his effort.

 

  
 
 
  
 

Troy Music Hall this Friday night. Glass' extraordinary music can be called struc-
tural - simple 4-6 mote progressions which develop into ever-changing patterns
and layers of melody and rhythm.

e i 0
Louis Lewrs

Glass became known in 1975, when the Metropolitan Opera performed his five-hour
long Einstein on the Beach. Since then, he‘s composed two other grand operas, music for
films, dance and theater. He was recently awarded a contract on the CBS Masterworks
label, which is reserved for top American composers. the last composer signed by
Masterworks was Aaron Copeland.

The following interview was conducted by phone. Mr. Glass was in Houston for the
American premier if his opera Akhnoken.

P hilip Glass, noted American composer, brings his progressive ensemble to the

    
 

    

r . 7 - '. L, .yv-ifunhy '
»  performance. HE'S . pleied
 all who handgun, left ‘ern laughing. So '
I' “one? ' . ' , L
’ tion. Klein probably wrestled
wj , _, closely resembled "what went
right't'f  'on-stage spotlights cooked him

‘ to a sizzle.- Some heard him too loudly,
though  majority on the side and in the
.shittyrséats complained of silence. And to

H V  ' ﬁtters worse, he had to interupt the
I show-'toannounce that two cars were il-
legally parked. in an interview following
the show, the comedian appeared drained,
both physically and emotionally. His face

   

 

 

 

 

Y utmost

   
  
 

 

  

 

-.-._

Ian Spelling

mm
ditlons. The University gym was her
enough without having to stand beneath .1
bank of bright lights. However, it was the
sound system which threw Klein off more
than once. He made light of the problems-
.calling the feedback "Chinese noise tor:
'ture." in an interview following the show

 

ASHWhen you first bcfan composing in‘

of jazz.
your unique. non-narrative style, what IS it

The ensemble has been together for six-

- ‘7‘

 ,.-ﬂwmmqmamm N. ﬂee-mug..-“ .-

) ,
t

 

 

was flushed and clammy, a complexion

one usually associates with coma victims.

Q Why Albany?

RK- I do a lot of colleges for a living. And]

can sleep in my own bed tonight. It’s not a
long trrp. Now, tonight I was very much

upset by the sound system. which failed

and I don’t understand why. I understand
you had this last year too (with David
Brenner). A good many of the people
could not hear effectively. lt-does not ex-
actly’help me or them in a hot, stuffy gym-
nasium. It tempers the whole thing I do.

I advised your committee not to pay the
sound company. Not to be vindictive
about it, but I don't think they should be
paid. They did not fulﬁll the job, they
rather screwed it up.

In hindsight, I’m way the show wasn’t
stopped for 5 or 10 minutes to see if they

‘couldn't locate the problem instead of by
ing to do it while I’m talking. ' .' v.
Q- Whatis it today that allows today’s col-
lege audiences to associate with you?
RK- I pride myself on the fact that I appeal
to people of all different ages. But I think
I've kept fresh with college students in the
last 15 years even though I’m a good deal
older than the average college student: I
keep fresh. I keep funnyJ don’t sit back on
my laurels. And I know how to be funny. I
don't patronize anybody and I think what I
have to say is normally pretty sharp. A per-
son does not have to be a Phd to unders-
tand orappreciate me. As an educated per-
son, I arjoy performing for other educated
people. or those on their way to being
educated. I think that’s a nice touch.
There's something, at best terriﬁc, and at
worst benign, about college campus. It just
isn't a bad place.

 You did a lot of improvising with the
sound and the reading of the reading of the
‘lloerine plate numbers. Do you feel it aids
my? Dodyou leave room for it?

- ways a some improvisi duri a
show, and most of my set pl'fces :fre
originally improvisation and then I
perfected them.A piece I may have written
15 years ago; I may bridge it differently
than lever did before. Tonight everything ‘

  

  

Was wierd because I couldn’t even hear
what I was saying. It’s like trying to talk
with someone talking right on top of you.
If I was smart I guess a just should have
stopped because I couldn't keep my own
train of thought.

I love improvising. It was a very poor

performing for 2000 people, being paid a
good salary, spending a lot of money for

paper announcing two people will be tow-
ed. Let them be towedl I have a show to
do! It was a very silly decision. Naturally,
I’m not an unreasonable person so I’m not
gonna be steamed ’till... Imagine, what a
stupid thing to do. They deserve to be tow-
ed. You should interrupt the whole show?
You want to know the truth? I got scared. I
thought I was a messenger.

I’m very upset by it. When people are
there, every last one of them should hear
every drop. There are times where I don’t
have to scream, where people can hear the
nuances and I can lower my voice. I
couldn't do anything like that tonight.

If it wasn’t so damn hot, but mostly if it
wasn’t so damn muddled, I think I would
have done a longer show. As it was, the
hour, it was the right time. It was just too
hot. I cannot believe how patient the peo-
ple were to sit there. If I can’t hear
something, what’s the point of doing it?

 

 

 

decision on someone’s part for me to be ~.

lights and sound to hand me a sheet of “

 

 

Did it (similar problemslreally happen last
year?

Q- Do you believe yourself to be a Doctor
of humor?

RK- There are no two ways about it.
Humor is very subjective. What will make
someone laugh universally on‘this earth?
[don think there is any one thing. Slip/r
ing on a banana peel? A Viennese
girlfriend had told me she didn ’t like Laurel
and Hardy. I said "What?" They hurt each
other and made her cry. She took it
literally.

I’m looking for the universal thing. You
can’t tell what will make 3 Guinea
tribesman laugh at on thing and also a
English nobleman. 50 what I think is fnny
others may not. But I knoooow what’s
funny.

Klein added that he was offered a
fellowship at Yale to teach stand-up com-
edy. He turned it down with thanks,
because it would get in the way of too
many projects he had in the works.
Though he's not ready to give up the road
In order to teach, Klein said. “I will
sometime, sort of pass it on." El

by Ian Spelling

 

 

    
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  

- Little Bird,
Little Bird. . .

Horgan) in the musical
Blaptgn of Cervante’s
on uixote, Man

Mamba. of La
This bittersweet musical
comedy opens at the
Albany Civic Theatre on
‘ Wednesday, October 24,
and will» run through
Saturday, November 11.

 For information, Call the
Albany; Civic Theatre at

 
 
  
  
 

Klein expressed his gratitude to those in
the audience who retained patience. Klein
added that he curtailed the performance
which ran exactly one hour, duc to it“;
sound troubles. '

Simply retelling Kleins material fails to
expose the wit behind it. This stcms from
Klein’s physical movements. He is .1 tall
man with a protruding beer bully .md a
balding head. Ladies love him lur his
boyish appeal and off-beat good looks,
Klein incorporates all of this into .1 runs
between Richard Pryor and John llt’lllslil.

With his arms flailing incessantly and his

 

constant pacing about the stage. Kh‘ln lldtl
the high voltage energy comparable in
that of a hot dog chasing a donut llnnugh

the Lincoln Tunnel. This, you \i'c is .r
recurring dream Klein has had for IS years.

And Dr. Joyce Brothers (sln- oi the
wet.sloppy kiss) analyzed him as nutlnng
more than hungry.

The comedians best moments Lclllll‘ .illc-r
he was handed a sheet of paper containing
the license plate numbers of two illigally
parked cars. Klein turned the .rnnnunce
ment into a bingo game. Off the top ui his

head he spat out numbers - "-i722-li.‘\l'l'-
You won’tbe towedl" After several rom-
binations he read the real McCoys He
ordered the men working the spotlight to
pan the audience and then posed the dues
tion of the night: is it worth having your
car towed in order not to look like an
asshole in front of two thousand people?
No one dared get up for ten minutes. not
even to go to the bathroom.

Klein's anger was obvious despite ate
tempts to camoflauge it behind the facade
of an amiable smile. Why should he be a
messenger?

He loves beer cornercials, particularly
the Miller and Budweiser clips. Miller.
Klein explained, was for special interest
people - the avalanche patrol or the x-rlllt‘
rustlers in helicopters. Bud is for cveryum‘.
literally. "This Bud's for anyone who
breathes. This Bud's for anyone with a
neck," he said.

The man had no respect for those things
we hold sacred. Take Tom Carvul lnl in-
stance, please. Klein pointed out ll|> uth'l
disappointment at the disclosure oi llu‘ in!
that the Santa Claus cake Tom pitchw In
December suddenly becomes the whnh‘ In
July. "He just turns it upside down and mills
it a whale. I’ve lost all respect for lnm.”
. Klein said.

Closing the show provided further pru-
blems. Klein's big musical finale, rcph‘lf‘
with piano accompaniment and his own
harmonica solo, suffered at the hands ut
the sound system. Klein trudged thruutil‘
the conclusion after he momentarily lay 0“
"‘9 Piano waiting out the feedback. Bclnlt'
exiting the stage Klein made certain all
could hear him, and said, "Thank you tur
coming. l’m sorry about the sound.”

The Speaker's Forum selected the 11th
man for the right night. Robert Klein
defeated the elements, though many in at-

- tendance would argue that claim bcrnuﬁt‘

they could not hear him. A lesser come
dlan may have been lrrevo¢ably fazed by
the constant intrusions, but Mr. Klein is a

 

 

« 4624297.

 

 

Pm‘esﬂonal. one who turns anger into
laughs. i‘l

 

you were trying to bring out of music that
had not been brought out in such a way
before?

GLASS: At the time, the world of con-
temporary music was monolithic, though it
has changed an extraordinary degree since
then. What motivated me to a great extent
was a rejection of that.

But the music is also a reflection of what
I feel — it has a very direct and high level
of emotional content. Sometimes they
would say about music, "It's better than it
sounds.” They would find something in-
tellectually that wasn't there musically. I
wanted a much more immediate reaction.

Today, though, things are beginning to

change -— it's a'much more varied world.
New music can be found from the fringes
of rock to the outer world of electronic
music.
ASP: What have you gotten out of ex‘
periencing jazz music over the years,
especially such composers as john Coltrane
and Ornette Coleman?

GLASS:Oh l just loved it; loved to listen

, to it. Later on, when the ensemble was
formed, we began working with inter-
pretive music the way many of those jazz
groups do with creative music. We found
models for the way we work in the world

 

teen years, mostly with the some people.
That's something you don't find very much
in progressive music, that kind of creative
continuity. [n that way it's a lot like some
of the jazz groups — the Duke Ellington
Band and the Modern Jazz Quartcl.

ASP: Do you consider yourself to be a _

religious person?
GLASS: No.
ASP: How would you account then for
what some people see as religious or devo-
tional elements in your music?
GLASS: I believe that aesthetic and
religious qualities are not far away from
each other. Some composers aim for
specific religious goals in their music.
especially in the classical tradition. Whilel
don't do that, there are still going to be
religious elements in my music.
ASP.- In what ways would you consider
your music to be indigenoust American?
GLASS: More of my work has been
done in Europe rather than the U.S., but
my musical experiences grew out of New
York. I connect my music more with New
York, but it does travel well.
Americans tend to have a better ear for

atonality than Europeans — they hear it

more accurately.

ASP: Then how do you explain the,

 

  

paradox of working and being accepted in
Europe years before becoming a success in
this country?

GLASS: There are a few ways to look at

it. Americans have a certain self-

consciousness, that 'art comes from

Europe.’ That America is the mass-market

culture and Europe the breeding ground

for art and intellect.

In a sense this is the case. Artistic condi-
tions in Europe are preferred over those in
America. There is a certain reluctace in this
country to accept new and different art
forms and artists. It is a bbseball and televi-
sion culture. So economically, it can be
tough here for new and experimental
artists.

From the other side, the world is
facinated with America. We are loved and
hated, but, above all, we are scrutinized.
Europeans just can't get enough of our

 

 

   

culture. They love discovering the new
and the different inour culture. Since the
seventies, there has been ‘a whole genera-
tion of European composers and musicians
who are taking off from the new music of
American's in the late sixties.

But this is really becoming a thing of the
past, from when people like myself and
Steve Reich were getting started
Americans are beginning to realize their
own condition. Today there is a great deal
of diversity in American music, and it's
much easier for American artists to survive
and work in this country.

ASP.- What would life be like if, instead of
the 1001 Violins, we heard Philip Glass
coming out of the elevators?

GLASS: My godl I don’t think I would
like it. I don't like the idea of music,
especially my music, seeping through
thewalls and the bushes. JD

 

 

 

 
  
  
 

  

 

 

When Vanessa

The child

Artificial glam.

Looking down,

Poor souls. . .

 

 

Sometimes. .

ls brushing her long, brown hair,
It shines silver in the moonlight,
Only visible to her.

Near the stars can see
The distortion of the city's

She sees the disorganized specks below.
Why. there must be thousands of thorn,

And if she were higher.

She could see the whole city
And watch millions from above,
Too many to count.

Her reflection in the bureau mirror
Flashes a warm smile.

And her laughter cnfolds her,

As she hugs herself fiercely.

 
   
  
    
    
     

   

          

      
         

   
    
 

     

   

    

      
    
       
      
   

    
     
     
    

    
    
       
    
 

   
    
 
   
     
   
   

           
    
  
   
     
       
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
  

 

 

