 Difnrmnseereuaen 14, 1934

 

 

 

 

 

 

’sTso on said-mm
mo wloot

 

watch for our Interest meetlgg

 

30W

 

 

 

 

 

 

’ DELTA SIGMA Pl

THE PROFESSIONAL
BUSINESS
FHA TEEN] T Y

IS SEEKING MEN AND WOMAN
INTERESTED IN ENHANCING
THEIR

BUSINESS CAREERS
027276067} [EVENT/S

September 17, "Guest speaker
Dr. Harold C annon"
September 19, "Brotherhood
from College to C areer”

ﬁll events are at 7:30 in
Humanities 354

For further inform ation contact
Filan Mentle - 482-4289

 

 

 

 

, MON. SEP'I‘.I7
6:30PM

 

THE N liW l’ltli-IIIEAIJI‘II
PROFESSIONALS CLUB
(summits. UNTUEHBDEST‘ Museums
an]. momma [INWHTUEUD
NOMINATIONS FOR V.P..SEC-TREAS.
AND 3 COMMITTEE CHAIRS

CC ASSEMBLY "All.

S.A. Funded

 

 

SEPT. 1 7,

 

 

 

  

 

ﬁe funded,

r THE ALBANY REVIEW

invites I'IIE univensiry community
ro AN inrencsr meeriuq:

 

ONDAY AT 7:10
in S.A. lounge (campus Ceurert)

All. WELCOME

1

4

 

 

 

By Bette Dzamba
srxrr warren

Fearing that students will
graduate from SUNYA "with a col-
lege education, rather than the
much preferred University educa-
tion," Central Council Mitch Feig
has outlined several proposals to
replace the ‘W' rule. ,

The rule, passed by the Universi-
ty Senate last May, Would, beginn-

ing September I985, place a "W”'

on the transcripts of students who
drop a course after a ten-day
dropadd period. In addition, the
“W” rule will increase the add
period from six days to ten.

Explaining the rationale for the
“W” rule, Dick Collier, Coor-
dinator of Advisement and
Assistnat Dean of the Center for
Undergraduate Eucation, and an
advocate of the “W” rule, said in
an interview last April, “A
remarkable number ,of students
over-registe'r, creating artificial

- enrollments.” He suggested that if
the “W” rule was instituted, it
would minimize the problem of
closed courses by discouraging
students from registering for
courses they don't intend to
complete.

However Student Association
Vice. President Suzy Auletta
asserted, “the faculty and a lot of
administrators feel the students are
abusing the system, which i don't
believe at all, but that's their
attitude."

Feig stated that he has three alter-
nate proposals to reduce the abuses

?“ ~::,W-—vrrrt':..u-.nw '7‘1“ '

rule. Feig’s ﬁrst proposal calls for a
computer to enforce the current 2|
credit registration limit. This would
reduce the problem of over-
registration and eliminate ,the need
for the "W", he explained.

Feig also suggested allowing
students two "W free" drops per
semester. Any additional drops
would appear as a “W” next to the
course listing on the transcript. Feig
noted that this might be unfair to
freshmen who often register for ex-
tra courses due to doubts about
their majors or uncertainties over
professors and departments.

Feig's third alternative is that
students be given a designated
number of free drops in their
academic career before any “W‘s”
are placed on their records. Feig
noted that this may be unfair
because transfers would spread
their unrecorded W's over fewer
semesters, as compared to students
who spend all 8 semesters of their
undergraduate careers at SUNYA.

Feig said, “if we can get (Presi-
dent) O’Leary’s support. it will
help." O’Leary will be departing in
two weeks for Yugoslavia for the
semester, but Feig hopes he will
“give us a written statement of his
support before he leaves."

O'Leary will be on a study leave
from October I to January 15. He
will be lecturing on criminal justice
at the University of Belgrade in
Yugoslavia.

Feig met with Vice President of

"SA iofficials gearing f,

"Wu-1m“; ..._u.~__.-—.1.-1:-.-<r-v--~-m--.-ecv W- --~-‘~  4 a -

 

 

 

 

"‘If we can   1,.

(President)
0 ’Leary’s . .4

support, it will,
help ” implementi- - ‘

our proposals
—Mitch Feig

Lus

 

 

Feig, Pogue “seemed interested in
the alternate plans."

Although the “W” grading
policy is not due to go into effect
until September 1985, Feig said that

, an alternate plan must be accepted

before the grading policies are
printed in the bulletin this January.
Once printed. “it will be too con-
fusing to make a change right
away," said Feig.

The “W” rule has met with stu-
dent opposition since it was first
proposed. When it was brought
before Central Council last April,

of the current dropadd system. Student Affairs Frank Pogue to
discuss the issue and according to

without implementing the “W”

UniVersity adopts alcohol policy; kegs permitted

By Eric Hindin
smr-‘r wruruu

After a year of disputes. debates, and new pro-
posals, the university has adopted a new alcohol policy
which does not regulate or restrict the use of kegs and
becrhalls in studcnts’ rooms and suites.

SUNYA‘S new alrohol policy, based on the recom-
mendations of a lo member Alcohol Policy Review
Committee, and recently signed into law by SUNYA
President Vincent O'Leary, does not address the use
of bulk quantities of alcohol, although the use of

alcohol in students' suites and rooms was discussed at

length by members of the committee.

The new policy, thus. is very similar to what existed
before. The committee's greatest accomplishment, ac-
cording to Vice President for Student Affairs Frank
Pogue and Vice President for Student Health Services
and Chairman of the committee Neil Brown, was to
integrate the many rules and policies which existed on
campus into one philosophy and set of clear rules for
everyone to follow. Prior to the drafting ofthis policy,
said Brown, SUNYA’s alcohol policy was in disarray.

According to Pogue who authored the final draft of
the policy, members of the committee were not able to
reach a consensus on the issue of bulk containers in
students’ rooms and suites. in its report to Pogue, the
committee, which consisted of students, faculty, and
administrators, elected to list the arguments on each
side, and recommended that this unresolved issue
receive further study before a decision is made.

Further study concerning beerballs and kegs in
suites and rooms will concentrate on determining the
extent of the university’s responsibility for the actions
of intoxicated persons. Pogue said.‘

According to New York State's Dram Shop act, any
person who knowingly serves. gives, or sells alcohol to
minors is responsible for that minor’s actions, and is
responsible to whoever that minor might potentially
injure in an alcohol related incident.

“What we need to study," Pogue said, “is whether,
for example. if a student who is a minor is served
alcohol at a party, and then goes out driving and has
an accident, will the university be liable, assuming that
party obtained permission from the university to take
place."

This issue was discussed by members of the commit-
tee, since in the privacy of a student’s room or suite,
there is no enforced compliance with federal, state,
local laws, or university policies pertaining to serving
those under-age, proper prooﬁng, or serving intox-
icated persons.

Cathy LaSusa, chair of the Senate's
Undergraduate Academic Council

The new policy, Pogue said, specifically says it is the
responsibility ofstudcnts to follow all laws and regula-
tions concerning alcohol consumption.

it is also conceivable, according to Student Associa-
tion Attorney Mark ‘vlishlcr, that a student of legal
age serves alcohol to a student who is a tninor, the
alcohol server could be sued by anyone that the
underang student did damage to while intoxicated.

Those members of tile committee who felt that the
university should not regulate the use of bulk con-
tainers in students' suites and rooms felt, among other
things, that students should have the right to deter-
mine what quantity of alcohol is reasonable for a party
in their own room, and that a student's right to
privacy should not be violated.

Members of the committee who felt that the univer-
sity should regulate theuse of bulk containers felt that
the university should maintain control of its facilities,
even though student rooms are viewed as private.

These committee members also pointed out that the
small size of suites and rooms and the proximity to ad-
joining suites, rooms and public areas makes it dif-
ficult to keep events or special occasions totally self-
contained in suites and rooms. Parties held in stu-
dent’s suites or rooms thus have the potential to
overﬂow and consequently interfere with the univer-
sity's responsibility to provide the best possible cam-
pus climate for learning, they concluded.

Many committee members also felt that the presence
of large quantities of alcohol in suites and rooms
might encourage excessive consumption of alcohol.

As before, the new policy states that section and hall
lounge events involving the use of alcohol are per-
missible on Friday and Saturdays. with advance ap-
proval from university officials.

The new alcohol policy will be distributed and cir-
culated to SUNYA students through a massive publici-
ty campaign, according to Pogue. Copies of the policy
will soon be available at many locations. including the
Campus Center information Desk, academic buildings
and the Ofﬁce of Residential Life.

in addition, Pogue said, the Office of Student Af-
fairs, in cooperation with the University Health Ser-
vices, and programs such as Middle Earth, will hold
small group discussions with students concerning
alcohol consumption.

These, he said, will help to educate students about
the rules and regulations of the alcohol policy, as well

. as the affects of alcohol. The OfﬁceofStudent Affairs . u
'~also hopes to publish an insert in an upcoming issue of

The Albany Student Press, which will state the policy
in full, according to Pogue. D

and SA's Senate liason, said that
Council members feared that pro-
spective employees or graduate
schools will view the "W" on a
transcript unfavorable. "I think
they saw_the “W” much more
negatively than it was intended,
they didn't see the benefits involv-
ed," she maintained at the time.

in a statement to the Senate last
May, SA President Rich Schaffer
charged that fear of the "W"
would discourage students from ex-
ploring new ﬁelds of interest.
Aulctta labelled the "W" proposal
“ridiculous.”

  
  
   
  

[no-m cover on

According to Feig, a repeal of the
“W” is one of Schaffer and '
Auletta’s top priorities for the fall
semester. When they presented
their agenda to President O'Leary 5
on Thursday, the repeal was includ- ‘
ed, Feig said.

   

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

Feig asserted that the "W" infr—
inges on the academic freedom of .
students. it may keep students from
exploring areas of interest to them
because they will not feel free to
drop a course past the deadline if
the course is more difﬁcult or less
interesting than the student ex-
pected. he explained. C]

 

(.0 ~..'-

 

 

 

Students partylng In the doom

Dorm residents must follow all laws and regulations

 

KENNY KIRMN UPS

 

 

 

