      

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
     
    

\

,5,

t.
t
i:

 

 

 

Buélrwy'stllDBNT-PMSS. 1:. new enamels-W
 v,....»..... ., ..

are-biggest at'G-U Day 1‘

By Alicia Clmbora

aono‘r'mt. 4531.91er

' SUNYA put out its welcome mat last weekend for parents, area residents and prospec- '

tive students in its annual Parents Weekend/Community-University Day festivities.

‘ The comfortable fall weather drew most visitors to the outdoor activities, leaving the
informatibn tables and indoor attractions sparsely attended. More than 2,000 fans ﬂock-
ed to SUNYA's homecoming football game, cheering the Great Danes to a 28-0 victory
over SUNY Cortland. ‘

The weekend's activities were presented to acquaint parents and the community more
closely with the University and what it offers to its students, and nearby residents.

1 The festivites began on Saturday with Acting University President Judith Ramaley
welcoming parents at a coffee hour, followed by various forums and discussions on stu-
dent related topics. ‘ '

Throughout the rest of the day University guests were treated to a mixture of foods,
exhibits, and presentations in the lecture centers. Tables from various administrative of-
fices were also set up to answer questions and provide information. .

Anne O'Brien. ajunior, said. “it was really interesting. It gave me a chance to see a lot
of things i wouldn't have known about that are going on on campus."

Her parents. visiting SUNYA for the first time. said they were glad they'd come
because “it was an' opportunity to really see what the University is offering our
daughter." 4

“This is my third year coming to C-U Day." remarked a SUNYA junior. “i really

it. . .

Many of the people stafﬁng the information tables expressed concern over what seem-
ed to be a poor turnout at C-U Day. Richard Tastor of the Office of Financial Aid noted.
“It seems lighter than prior years."

Vice-President of Student Affairs Frank Pogue said that in the last three years the at-
tendance has been about the same but. “this is the best weather we've had (for Parents
Weekend) in years and i think it has caused the attendance to disperse.”

For those who were more interested in enjoying the beautiful weather and getting a
taste of school spirit, Albany's homecoming game against Cortland provided the
opportunity.

“it was great to see the fans come out and support the team," said one student.
“Maybe the victory will bring more fans to the games." added another student.

Saturday evening’s entertainment was highlighted by Speakers Forum's presentation
of comedian Robert Klein in the University Gym.

Despite complaints about the sound system. the enthusiastic crowd reportedly enjoyed
the show.

Although this was only the 13th annual C-U Day. administration of ficiais selected the
theme of 140 years of services.

Sunday's “Breakfast with the President" concluded the weekend's activities. Student
Association President Rich Schaffer addressed parents and students at the breakfast,

saying. “i enjoy Community-University Day and having moms and dads coming up to.

see us. it gives us the opportunity to show off all of the good we do on campus.” [1

wish they'd try something new — my dad still has fun but i’m getting kind of bored with ‘

 

 

 

 

AMV COHEN UPS

 

 

 

Careers

The
Morgan
Bank

y TIME: _lr:30-6:00

for financial and
other managers

majors or concentrations

our Audit-Plus Program.

 

wine a CHEESE
at INFORMHTION sessrou

DHTE: OCT. 18. I984
PLHCE: PHTROON LOUNGE-CHMPUS CTR.

Audit-Plus

A Training Program

Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, one of the
world's leading money-center banks, provides challenging and
rewarding career opportunities for college graduates with

business. We invite you to interview with us and find out about

L _ An equal 0.. oortunity employer.

PM '

in accounting, finance, economics. OI

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

   

 

 

‘

 
 

1  

   

 
 
 
 

 

 

NYPIRG farum tochallerigecam‘pusapathy/notion 

By Maria Carllno

srxnr warren
Now that New York Public in-

’ terest Research Group has

assisted in registering more than
5,000 voters on the SUNYA cam-
pus. they're going to “Take the
Next Step” on Wedensday even-
ing when they kick off their voter
education drive with a Student
Activism Forum. Wednesday
night at 7:30 in LC 1.

The forum is titled “Take the
Next Step." and is being held to
help students become more in-
formed and involved in the
political process, said NYPiRG’s
project coordinator Bob Jaffe.
He explained that the forum was
an obvious follow-up to this fall's
voter registration drive.

Magazine articles. the media
and the views of the present
middle-aged and elderly genera-
tions may lead the public to see
today’s student movement as
“dead. (but) the idea that
students are concerned only with
themselves and not societal issues
is a myth," said Jaffe.

“The student movement has
taken itself into the mainstream,”
explained NYPlRG's Local

ON THE
FRONT
LINE...

:vz . -- .
Dr. Everett Andaman
Professor of Anatomy
Harvard Medical School

A March of Dimes research
grantee, Dr. Anderson stud-
ies the very beginnings of
life before birth when so
many things can go wrong.

His work reflects the deep
concern of the March of
Dimes in its fight against
birth defects. This kind of
basic research is top priori-
ty, and points the way to the
day when good health at
birth will be the right of
every child.

Support the
March of Dimes
_Bllllti Dtii(.I5 IOUNDADON—

Board Chairperson Philip D'Elia.

“where students work within the

system instead of out of it."
The program will include

NYPIRGfs Campus Coor-
dinator Chris Meyer will speak on
the development and history of
student activism and analyze its

through to the role that today's
students play in the development
of US. public polciy. V

The rallying and demonstra-

presentations on students involve- _
ment in the making of en-
vironmental policy in New York
State. as well as the role that
students play in peace and social
justice work.

    
 

current state and its movement ' tions of the 1960’s anti-war and
through the 1900's. “

civil rights movements have lost

The forum willalso highlight popularity, D’Elil said. instead,
the development of the student he said. today's activist approach
movement from the long haired stresses researching problems.
anti-war hippies of the 1960's and developing solutions which

 

“...the idea that students
are concerned only with
. themselves and not societal

issues is a myt .”

—Bob Jaff‘e

CINDY OALWAV UPS

 

can be presented to lawmakers.

The activist approach has
become subdued. said D'Elia.
"Students have become more
sophisticated in their tactics and
strategies." he maintained.

“Today’s activism approach‘is
more effective.” agreed
NYPIRG’s Project Coordinator
Efrem Kann. The l980's student
movement is actually the 1960's
movement "all grown up," he
said.

Students are reaching out to the
public and educating them. hop-
ing to gain their support. Karin
explained.

In April of 1982. NYPIRG in-
itiated a 22-day walk-a-thon
throughout major areas of New
York State which successfully
generated public support to pass
the Bottle Bill. Such participation
“is the fundamental basis of
democracy," added D'Elia.

Speciﬁc voter education efforts
to be discussed Wednesday will.
revolve around several topics. in-
cluding toxic chemical dumping.
the arms race, consumer protec-
tion legislation, women‘s issues,
and SUNY tuition hikes. Ci

 

 

 

tms spACF (‘UNlniUtllED or "iii Punt lﬁitl n

F

  

V 8 your calculator in the same '

class you are?

Move up to the T1-66. The easy 512 step programmable.

You're into higher math and your old
calculator helped get yott there.

But now it's time for something more.
The Tlv66 from Texas instruments. The
Tl-(tﬁ offers full programming power and
ﬂexibility so you can solve complex and
repetitive math problems quickly. cusin

and with fewer keystrokes than you
thought possible. its 512 merged pro-
gmm steps and over 170 built-in
scientiﬁc, engineering und slullsticul
functions make for powerful program—

ming. And the sleek. streamlined design
makes for easy use.

Its Algebraic Operating System makes
it easy on your brain by allowing you to
key in problems as they ill‘L‘ written, left
to right. And a lO-digit angled Liquid
Crystal Display not only [nukes it easy
on your eyes but provides alphanumeric
not." ion of your program steps so you
(no tnztke cmy tntxlilicntions as you
go along. There are large. reudublc keys
for your lingers, and tin cusy-to-follow

   
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
  

/.

 

guidebook so you shouldn't get confused.
And last, but certainly not least, at a
suggested retail of $69.95, there‘s a price
that's easy on your pocketbook.

All in all. if we made the Tl-66 pro-
grmnmuble calculator any easier to use,
it would deserve its own degree. n

TEXAS
lNSTRUMENTS

Creating useful products
and services for you.

 
 

 

 

