,  -7...” New ..

. ... ......._a.....,~”-....._ _.,. _

no; c at ~.

. . “Madmen-3’ mu.  g

i-’:.‘- maﬁa:

'c~'1< “my.

 

 

      

Lt‘mmuns‘ ._.,_.
W A

.WM .
r. -r,::

. «Mm

 

.,.E;DI‘TRIAL ,

Which America?

"This land is your land.
This land is my land
From California
To the New York islands
From the redwood forests
. To the gulfstreani Waters
This land was made for you and me"

When Woody Guthrie wrote this ode to America, he
y and the chances for true

was celebrating its natural beaut
freedom and equality it offered
But Woody was more than

against the conservative,

have a voice.

R .
eagan 5 near coast-to-coast sweep is a vote for the
oody saw as threatening to the

We will be graduatin '
. , g into a world
that has just endorsed these threatening ideals like never

conservative ideals that W
land and the people.

before in history.
To the land that Woody loved:

COLUMN

a nature-loving idealist. in
verses of the song that rarely get published he lashed out

. ' big business world for
. ex-
piorting the envrronment and oppressing those who didn't

conservative policies

have given big business free reign with the environment.

The work of Reagan appointees Anne Burford and James

Watt have let corporations provide jobs for us today at

the expense of our lives tomorrow. What good is a
healthy economy if our environment is poisining us?

On the note ofa healthy economy — this is where some

of the greatest threats face us. How long can we keep
feeding the wasteful military-industrial economy while
putting our government billions of dollars in the hole?

When the red ink begins to bleed, the fantasy of to-
day's economic success will stain all of us, including those
who were fooled by hat the polls yesterday because they
had a little more money in their pockets right now.

To the equality of all people that Woody cherished: at
home and abroad. Reagan's claim of “bringing America
back," reviving the country’s so-called strength, has dealt
a serious blow to human and civil rights.

The America that conservatives want to bring back is
an America that served the political and economic in-
terests ofa few at the expense of many; an America that
could get away with self-serving intervention abroad, and
discrimination at home.

At what human costs are conserv
America back?

Around the world, militarism. oppressio
are growing in governments allied to the
that serves American interests is justified.

For four. years, we have been militarizin c
America, aiding the cause of violence and iiill‘mlm
chances for peace. We have done nothing but en mg [hr
American investment in racist South Africa ule
turned our backs on human causes to serve than
worldwide political and economic desires . our on

in this country, “bringing America brie
reversing twenty years of progress in achicvi
genume equality that
Americans.

. Reagan's record on appointing women
in the government is dismal. The gaps in unetuplo

and income between men and women. and bell?“
whites and non-whites has widened. Tire equal ri him;
those not in power — women, minorities. and silidgenlso
have taken a beating in four years. i S‘

The rich are richer, the poor are poorer; the powerfu]
are more powerful, and their victims more victimized

ls this the America we want brought back?

“ “lid tortuir
“3- Anithin,

k " has mean

ngtlielitid
Woody envisioned for

an d minorilits

The American college: thel‘diiemma

metne hundred and forty years ago, Horace Mann refer-
0 education as “the equalizer of the conditions of
$32.]: the balance wheel of the social machinery " Yet
. s mounting suspicion and ske ' ' ' "
View really holds true. ptmsm Whether nus

Gerry Rolley

d.I’I‘oday’s colleges and universities are facing a major
lemma, a dilemma in which college graduates are fin-
ding it ever so difficult to enter occupations in which th
were trained, adjust to life in the “real world " sust iay
lasting personal relationships, change careers 'at a :m
:iiculgtr age. and to enhance their social mobility. 
aloeu :zlﬁgma‘pzastudents, parents, and educators alike
universmesi 5 wrong With our colleges and
To adequately respond to that serious question con-
ferned students. parents, taxpayers, educators, and
egisiators ‘need to confront several major problems Of
the many ills plaguing today’s colleges and universiti
one of the gravest problems concerns equity. For generes,
trons, Black Americans and other minority ro a-
membcrs have struggled withthc burdens of inequalgit ‘ip
practically . every aspect of life. Although outr'ylIn
discrimination on racial grounds has been prohibited]? n
many years, its effect lingers on. The consistent inabilft)r
of colleges to attract greater numbers of mine ity
students, professors. administrators. and staff person" )l
is not only causing an uproar in many ethnic cone
munities, but is fostering racial hostility and st dm-
alignatizn on many campuses. . u cm
not er problem which affe '
students is financial aid. Should ctile zSite'scaiilﬁt'rctiisidngny
tinue, where'aid is based more so on "merit" rather th n~
need?" it is a sad state of affairs when ‘
talented individuals, most of whom come from financi l,
:y. ar‘iit‘l socially secure backgrounds receive merelyari
Same: pat on the back for even attempting college level
Also important is the issue of student development
Are students really being prepared for, today’s 'ob
market?- Most career counselors now agree the aver; e
person is likely to change careers at least lwo or thrﬁe
times throughout their lifetime. Moreover, many com-
panies, businesses, health care agencies, personnel ﬁrms
governmental institutions, and other organizations are
complaining about unprepared job applicants suggestin
that college graduates are too theoretically educated and
lack practical knowledge. This problem, iin'fortunatel
sendsthousands of students each year from the graduy'
tion line to the unemployment line. a.
The same problem is compounded further when stu-
dent development is stii'led, due, in part, to the reluctance
of colleges and universities to adhere to a central purpose I
of education: to infuse students with a commitment to the
brotherhood of man, with a vision of the beauty and
nobility of which man is capable -— and a realization of
the depths of depravity to which he can sink. Yes it is a
well known fact that today's colleges and universities
thrive on competition rather than cooperation in-
diViduaiism rather than humanism, and institutional'pro-
gress rather than student progress. Given that we live in a
interdependent, interrelated. and culturally pluralistic
society, isn't it only reasonable and rational that colleges
and universities play a major role in enhancing the stu-

    

an

dent’s social
growth?
The American college dilemma is expanded further if

we consider the issue of research and technological in-
novation. There is a growing problem concerning the type
and amount of research now being conducted on man
college campuses. Questions that are being asked include
should universities participate in war related research oi
peace enhancement research? Do we need more bombs
for America'or more bread for Ethiopia? Will our
research allevrate the misery in the inner cities or activate
the cold war between the superpowers? Furthermore the
speed and effICIency with which scientific knowledge, can
be trarislated into useful products and processes is an
escalating concern. Technologies are needed, for exam~
pie. that increase employment opportunities rather than
eliminate JObS. Systems and processes are urgently needed
that not only enhance the quality of life, but enhance
human relations and promote job satisfaction.

' To make matters worse, American colleges and univer-
Sities have paid little attention to the international im-
plications of education. Countries throughout the world
cspectally in the so-called developing nations, desparateiy
need a55istance in developing their organizations it is a
moral obligation, civic responsibility, and scholarly im-
perative that technical and academic assistance b
rendered to distressed regions of the world. For too ion 8
Western ' democracies and their universities hafe
molnopoiized knowledge, monopolized critical resources
an monopolized the decision-making process w'tii
respect to education and the survival of mankind I
A By far, these are not the only problems destabilizing the

merican higher education system. Rape, for example. is

tolerance, forbearance, and personal

 

 

 

 

 

r... we tit—trout

\\ I

 
  
  

 

growing across the nation. inept and unconcernedtd-
Visors have caused many students to take unnecessary
course work, undertake inappropriate majors, and lo
have low academic achievement. Hostile racial relations
on college campuses do not seem to be waning. but
escalating on an alarming scale. The bureaucratic rdi~
tape that students, parents, and community residents
must continuously deal with has been around for decades
and has yet to be seriously challenged. Special acadcmir
assistance for the so-cailed “culturally (.llszld\’lttiltlgcd"l5
severe problem for most schools. Sincere efforts IllllSi be
made With regard to the enhancement of the quantitvanti
quality of the special programs available. 1

Can higher education save itself? Clearly, it will been
the college and university Campuses of America that the
prlimﬁry efforts must take place. it remains to be seen
“:1 etwer warnings of the few voices will be seriously heed-
e. . ill faculties be sufficiently misc and thoughtfuito
rise to the demand for action? Will enough college and
unntr’erSity officials have courage enough to address the
Sgolbifrgls forthrightly? There is reason to say yes. Uii-
our sgdéglAsmcrican colleges and universities still includt
commitmd to mostb thoughtful .and talented members.
that com: es aadno le cause. it 'lS now abundantly clear
nor fend in I: luniversities neither gain public support
SChOOls lhemmga 0dr governmental encroachment lillit‘
[acme . ves 0 not seriously and systematically

internal problems. As students and ctltlt‘lllt‘tl

 [:9 question that we must ask oursclvcs zit lliis
s w ether we are gorng to continue to be part ol'iirc

dilemma. or Wilelh '
Cf we are 0m [0 ill ' . l. ‘8 "n
of the solution? g g akL our“! t I‘

   
   
  

   
   
 

.' 

 

//
I////v/

«3 CW Press Service

 

 

ativcs bringinK [hi] .

  

‘  ETTERS

Porn isn’t rape

.- To the Editor:

 

 

  
 

When the writer of Stop Pornography (letters 30 Oct)

‘ says “this is not an issue of censorship or sexual repres-
sion, but rather an issue of womens safety and dignity."
she is, of course, blinding herself to one side of the issue.

it was suggested in this letter that pornography is a

cause of rape. This harmful misassociation ignores the
tacit assumption of social contract which differentiates

private thought and externalizcd action. Rape is an exter-
nalizcd act committed by the few criminals who cannot

handle the many pressures of society. These criminals
I should be treated as criminals, separate and distinct from
the majority of law abiding society.

As a man, i resent being called a potential rapist
because i am a potential consumer of pornography. l

assert my right to imagine the sexual fantasy of my

choice, even if it is dehumanizing of women, but not to

externaize this thought in actual crime. Similarly, l have

the right to learn to engage in such fantasy through the
use of pornography.

The letter is representative of the recent trend towards
the cashing-in of civil rights to solve specific social pro-
blems as they arise. This is dangerous and regressich
Rape is a social problem to be solved by criminal law and
public education, only. There are no quick-and-casy
answers.

~Michael Herder

ignorance isn’t bliss

To the Editor:

i feel it is about time we eradicate some of the ig-
norance on this campus concerning pornography. in Fri-
day’s ASP John Spettel wrote a response to an
anonymous letter condemning the sale of pornography in
our bookstore. Mr. Spettel and other advocates of por-
nography maintain that is “art;" he further suggests that
the author of the first letter was ashamed of the female
body.

it is not shame, but rather pride in her own body. and a
desire to live freely and safely that causes a woman to
condemn pornography. Pornography does not place

 

aspects

David L.L. Lallrln. Edilar In Chial
Jerry Camplona, Managing Editor

Heidi Gialla. James O'Suillvan

   
  
  
  

News Editors” ..   I
Alaoelale News Edllor. ..Al|c|a Cimhora
AsPacli Edilo ............ .. .  . ..Joim Keenan

.Joa Frisco. Michullo Kiuli
 . ...Ttirn Kacnndes
Irin Spelling
..Marc Barman. Keith Murder
Aulnclata Sport- Edllor ._Daan Chang
Editorial Pages Editor ..... .. .Edward Flalnos
Contributing Editors Jane Anderson. Dean Bulz. Mark Geanar, Lisa Mliabulia.
Patricia Mitchell. Wayne Peeiaboom. Lisa Strain, Editorial Assistants: Chris
Blomqulat, Michelle Bushur, Rick Swanson, liens Welnsteln. Stall writers:
Tarn Bergen, Marla Carlino. Leslie Chan, Johanna Clancy. Ian Clomonls. Batto
Dznmba. Cathlanri Errig. Ronald Brant Gorslen. Judy Goschwlnd. Ban Harilon,
Eric Hindln, Mandi Kun. John Parker. Christina Rallell, Jon Romano, Krlullno
Sauar. Michael Skolrrlck. Parry Tlschlur, Mike Turkady. John Wiliuotl Spac‘
Irum and Events Editor: Rina Young Artist: Stove Bryson

 

Sports Editor. .............. ..

 

Judy Toral. Burr/miss Manager
Lynn Saravla. Associate Business Manager
June Hirsch, Advertising Manager
Mike Krclmar, Sales Manager

R-mrtm‘r Benny
................................................................ .. Guy Parana
Chum"; um...- FtIrmn Sheohan

“In-(Ill Mark Cntaiano
Advertising Sal-c: Denise Boyallan. Marc Haberman, Sue Klein, Steve Lutl,
Judy Nuaabaum, Scott Rain, David Willmolt, Advertising Production: Elaine
Frieder, Teresa Giacaiona. Marc Hoharrnan. Maura Kallatt, Elloon Kolbneulr,
Sharon Okun, Amy Paparny, Lynn Salqel, Gila Vahyal. Olllco Stall: Christina
Blnunl, Linda Delgado. Fran Lollasso. Marjorie Rosanlhal

Billing
Payroll Supervisor.

 

 

Sulan Kent. Production Manager
Jannllar Hayden. Associate Production Manager

 

Chi-l Typnemr  ................................ ..Lancey Hoymnn
Typllll: Debora Ad . n, Jeannine Dianuzzo, Sarah Evalund,

Sara Fu. Lisa Glamhrono, Mauiarin McH ugh. Pam Slrauhar. Fri-temp: Adam S.
Enolo. Patricia Giannola. Peggy Knitnar. Stephan Rudolph. ch-ullaura: Wai-
ion Hurwitz. Richard Sheridan

 

Photography principally iuppllld by University Pholo Service. a student
group.

Chic! Photographer: Erica Spluqul UPS Stall: Amy Cotton. Lynn Dmilua. Cindy
Galway, Anum Ginsberg, Kenny Kirsch. Hobart Luckuy. Jou Scliwrindor, Lisa
Simmons, Rotiort Saucy, Warren Stout. David Strlck

Entire contlnla copyright 1904 Albany Student Frau Corporation. all rightl
unwed. i

Thu Albany Sludoni Press In published Tuesdays and Fridays halwuori
Annual and June by the Albany Sluuunt Press Corporation, an Intinnrmrtnnt
not-lob rollt cor oration.

Edito‘ilais ara :rltmn by the Editor in Ctrtai with (numbers at the Editorial
Board: policy la sublecl to review by Ina Editorial Board. Advarllaing policy

Mailing address:
Albany Student Press, CC 328
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NV 12222

 

done not necessarily iallacl ridllarlal policy.

(bill) 457-BBDZI3322i3389

 

women on a pedestal, it objectifies women as the property
and right of male desire.

Pornography is violence, it results in real aggression
against women; whether it is in the pornography itself. or
reflected back into the society (via rape, sexual abuse, op-
pression) that supports a 2.5 billion dollar pornography
industry. Pornography affects and exploits all women,
there are no pedestals involved.

As to the willingness on the part of the women directly
involved, many women find that their sexuality is the only
marketable commodity they possess. in a society that
minimizes the rights of women in the work force, this is
an important factor. Women involved in “soft” por-
nography soon find they must move on to more hard core
(these magazines demand only new “models").~ls this
“free-will?" Other women in poinography are hapless
victims; the rapists who ’videotape or photograph their
victims —— rape is now profitable. Then there is the
“snuff” film, where a woman is tortured. raped.
murdered and dismembered. This is not play-acting. Is
this "art?"

The argument that Playboy or Penthouse does not
harm women is false. By objectifying women our society
keeps women in a submissive role. it is not men who are
harmed in the consumption of pornography, it is those
“consumed” ‘— women and children, who are degraded
and abused.

i do not blame Mr. Spettel and others for their naivcty
concerning pornography. Such ignorance necessitates a
need to educate ourselves and others as to the exploitation
and real harm that is inflicted on women and children
through pornography. it seems to me that our college
bookstore is a good place to begin. As to the First
Amendment. its purpose is not to protect one segment of
society’s rights to the endangerment of another segment.

but rather to protect everyone’s rights.
-Barbara J. Schultz

Racism in the world

To the Editor:

Wednesday evening the Student Association is sponsor-
ing the speaker Meir Kahane here at SUNYA. Kahane
and his israeli political party, “Koch.” represent
everything which i oppose as a human being. His defini-
tion of Zionism entirely excludes the Arab population of
Israel, an exclusion which i am only able to construe as
racist.’

Tire conflict in israel over Kahane's newly established
party is unfortunate. but it is an internal struggle which
that country must work out by itself. i am not able to vote
in israel in order to voice my opinion on this matter. but i
am able to voice it in my own community. 1 am outraged
that the money which i pay to this university as a man-
datory activity fee is being used to allow this man the
right to advocate his racist point of view.

i will not attend this event on Wednesday evening
because i oppose this misuse of my money. i also refuse
to pay the additional fee which is being charged at the
door in order to reimburse the SA, which consequently
enables Kahane to preach his blatant racism.

This is an issue which not only concerns Jews and
Arabs on campus, but each and every student in this
university, By allowing the use of our mandatory activity
fee to sponsor Meir Kahane's speech, we are. in effect,
supporting the perpetuation of racism in the world.

——Joel|e Hochmun

No shame here

To the Editor:

This letter is to thank everyone who aided and sup-
ported myselfand Colonial Quad Board in our attempt to
sign comedian John Valby. Unfortunately, once again the
odds were against us. it wasn't the snide comments,
threatening piione calls, SA Execs, the Administration
nor anyone on the ASP that forced us to give up our goal,
it. was the subtle persuasion and advice given to me by a

' nameless friend in SA. This person simply pointed out
that there were many groups capable of planning off-
eampus events with their friends, but there is only one
funded group on Colonial, and the money distributed to
the Quad Board should be used to plan an event on the
quad and for the quad. It took a while for me to be will-
ing to put a halt to CQB's involvement, but i finally
decided that it was in the best interest for Colonial,
especially if we want to plan any events where we might
need help from the Executive Branch of SA. i'm not say
ing that the Execs wouldn't help us. i'm just saying that it
would make our working relationship easier.

l'rii glad that the Class Council of ’86 still plans on get-
ting Jolin Valby. i think that he is a funny man, and even
though i am a female. i am not offended by what he says.
John Valby makes his audience laugh at life. and those
who take his humor personally are ones with insecurities
about themselves. We never intended on forcing anyone
to see him, those who didn‘t wish to didn’t have to. Those
of us involved were made to sound like insensitive and ir-
responsible peopie. and no one ever considered that we
were just doing our jobs by carrying out the wishes of the

people we represent. At least i'm proud that [tried and
gave it my best shot and never did nor said anything to be

ashamed of. it's too bad others can’t say the same.
-—Lorl Friedman

President, Colonial Quad Board

ideals and people

To the Editor:

When Anne Burford came to speak last Tuesday even-
ing. she probably anticipated the cool reception she
would experience. There was quite a bit of disruption oc-
Icuring in the interactions between hecklers and Student
Forum personel. As one of the protesters i thought i was
exercising my civil right. Yet when i thought it over and
made some inquiries I found myself mistaken. i take
therefore this opportunity to apologize to the Forum and
to Anne Burford herself. i find her a courageous in-
dividual and even though my views still differ from her i
would like to thank her for her patience and the human
being she truly is for i owe her a lot. Since that evening
i‘ve had time to reflect and see how i myself am a party to
narrow idealism and how this not only destroys any hope
of communicating with the ‘other’ but also has the nasty
habit of killing them off. Now i know what is meant
when one says, “ideals don't mean a damn thing in this
world, people do."

—Deiin Reichman
Eating disorders
To the Editor:

“After a long day of classes i returned home to find
myself alone in the house. i could do my homework. see
my friends. exercise, or go shopping. instead my mind
wanders onto one of my favorite topics: food. i rummage
through the cabinets. i start to munch on a Snickers bar
while i prepare a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. After
my sandwich, 1 slice a piece of chocolate cake and garnish
it with a few scoops of my favorite ice cream. Still un-
satisfied, 1 break open a bag of chocolate chip cookies
and sit quietly at the kitchen table popping cookie after
cookie into my mouth. i go to the refrigerator to get a
glass of milk. i take a few forkfuls of the cold baked ziti.
As i take my last bite i’m overwhelmed by an overpower-
ing feeling ofguilt. i run out of the kitchen and into the
bathroom where i try to get rid of everything I've just
eaten by vomiting it up.”

Does this story sound familiar? It may remind you of
yourself or someone you know. The story is an example
of someone who is suffering from an eating disorder
known as Bulimia. Bulimics consume massive quantities
of food, usually those high in sugar and high in calories.
Their indulgence is usually followed by a self-induced
vomiting or the taking of laxitives in order to prevent
weight gain and to exert control over their own behavior.

Anorexia iicrvosa is another eating disorder in which
one starts dieting in the hope to lose a few pounds. but
doesn't stop, sometimes until they are extremely ill or
dead. For the anorexic, food becomes an enemy. For the
bulimic food becomes both enemy and friend or
comforter.

in both situations the struggle for control over one's
own eating behavior and indulgenCes can reach harmful
extremes. Food becomes the primary concern in one’s
life. Days are scheduled around when and when not to
eat. Meals are thought out carefully in terms of what to
eat and how much. The concern for food is stressful and
disrupts the normal pattern of one‘s life.

The greatest struggle becomes the struggle to control
one's weight and behavior. For many women this struggle
- becomes an obsession. The struggle for control is as great
as the yearn for food. it is a constant battle between those
two forces that merge into a single destructive force. The
intensity of both sides of this conflict leave many women
feeling helpless and they are left to continue this pattern.
The cycle of binging and dieting (starvation) becomes an
endless cycle.

The media’s emphasis' on weight control, the social
standards for women set by society, family and friends
are all contributions to the disorder. The greatest frustra-
tion arises from trying to stop doing something you feel
you have no control over or getting help in a situation
where you feel helpless. Evcyone’s biggest fear is change.
Yet. somewhere along the line, those with eating
disorders changed to be in the conditions they're in. so
there is a way to change back.

if you're having trouble handling your eating patterns,
don't be afraid to ask for help because you 're not alone.
Perfection and control can be dangerous goals to strive
for. To be thin can be very attractive, but to be too thin
can endanger someone's life. '

A support group for Eating Disorders is being offered
through Middle Earth on SUNY Albany Campus. The
group will be meeting Sunday nights from 7:00 to 8:30
pm. in the Middle Earth Center — 102 Schuyler Hall,
Dutch Quad. Anyone interested please call Middle Earth
at 457-7800.

—Sue London
Co-Faciiitator Middle Earth Eating Disorders Support
Group

, -.. an ....,£.w.zr'. a. ;.

 

.. «A 



 

