 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. '  .41.Mx§x..emz P8555 - Cl . mamas-919851!464994

.6...)  a.»

y

ByvCathy Errtg
srAl-r wanes '

'For Albany State's women's" crossﬁ,
eduhujy team to achieve its' third con?
sec‘utiv’e' Viet‘ory in Saturdast Capital
District Championship. held at Union Col-
lege in’Schenectady. should not have been
unexpected nor surprising. After all. how
else ‘should a team that has been‘having its
most successful season in the history of the
sport here at Albany complete its dual-tri
meet season?

The championship title, which gave the
women a final record of 14-1, their best
i ever, was made increasingly more
prestigious this year than in the past by
participation of seven colleges and univer-
sities rather than the usual three or four.
They were, in the order of their respective
ﬁnishes, Albany, 22, Siena and RH (tie).

55, Skidmore. 104. and Union. College of

St.‘ Rose, and Albany College of Pharmacy

(tie), incomplete. The increase in the

number of institutions participating in the.

meet reﬂects the positive growth ,in
wor‘nen's collegiate athletics. ' '
"The race covered 2.84 miles of Central

Plirk in Schenectady, the historical high

s‘c'hool Grout Course, whose”'natiorial

rebbrd, set by Chris Curtin of Mepham

High School. stands at 14:45. The first to

finish ' the course on Saturday was

Alb'any's Karen Kurthy. She turned in the

excellent time of 15:50, an impressive im-

provement over her last year's time which

was one minute slower and placed her
sixth. '
The ‘next to complete the race were

Albany's Bette Dzamba, whose time of

16:21 was 1:06 faster than that of her ‘82

finish. According to her coach. gave this

to. Aspec

 

ﬂi
,' V Gumby and

 

race the. distinction of being “her best
speed race ever.'"’

Soon ’after Dzamba was Albany’s Don-
na Burnham. finishing in a commendable
16:32 to place third. ' ,

_The»next reasons for Albany’s overall
victory in the championship were Rachel

5......uau...

opiate ,1 -

 

completé week of rest and return to top
form if the runner, had trained heavily dur-
ing the previous months, as is Lynn's case.
And we should have all other _minor in-
juries under control by that time as well."

A victory for the Danes in the
SUNYACs looks very possible given that
the toughest competition will come from

 ..... a...“ “so _...

Mﬂww 1—- Nu.-. _

Binghamton, a team the women defeated
earlier in the season. Coach White is being
conservative in his prediction for the meet,
hoping to finish in the top three or four
teams. ,

However the runners fare. they have
already proven themselves a team of
dedicated and talented athletes. El

 

Braslow (sixth overall at 17:19), and Kitty
Sullivan (eight overall at 17:22). Coach
White was exceptionally pleased with
Sullivan’s performance, feeling she
demonstrated fully her ability to come
through for the team on a short course.

According to White, "She (Sullivan) has
shown an immense improvement; she's
matured into a real runner."

Also perfvorming well for Albany were
Chris Varley (tenth overall, 17:28). Sue
Gullar(fourteenth, 18:05), Erma George
(nineteenth. 18:26) and Kim Patch (24th.
18:55).

Coach White could not have been more
pleased with his teams showing. “Not only
did we win by a considerably larger margin
than last year. but the times were excep-
tionally fast as compared with the previous
runnings."

In addition, the team achieved the vic-

tory without the aid of four strong run-
ners. This demonstrated the depth that has
made the team so successful. Most
noticably missing was Lynn Jacobs. the
Danes usual front runner who injured her
leg earlier in the season.
2 Jacobs plans on returning to practice
this week and competing in the SUNYACs
this Saturday in Plattsburgh. She should
be able to return to top form by the time of
the race.

According to While. “it is very possible
for a runner to come right back after a

Pokey come

I By Mike Turkady

sunr wmen
The Albany State men’s cross-country
team left four of their top seven runners
home and lost a fifth along the way to'a
one-point win over SUNY Binghamton
and a shut-out of host SUNY Oneonta last
Saturday. The Danes had some trouble
with the exceedingly hilly 5.8 mile course
and the very psyched Colonials. but pulled
it out in the end. The two wins left the har-
riers with a very respectable 9-3 record and
a winning streak of nine straight as they
closed out their dual-meet season.

Captain Jim Erwin explained that. “Our
only losses were against Army, Syracuse.
and Division 11 East Stroudsberg. we
scored well against Syracuse and
Stroudsberg. We haven’t lost since that
first race and it sure feels great.” Now in
his 27th yearas Head Coach of the cross-
country team, the wins put Bob Munsey's
career total at 196 wins. “l'm lucky that
the team isfso loaded with talent, because
Binghamton looked very hungry and we
just squeaked it out. thank God."

Senior Ed” McGill won the race withottt
trouble in 311233. setting the course record.
" J ton then took the next two spots.
but junior Chuck Bronner finished fourth
overall in 33:08. Freshman Pat Paul had a
very strong race finishing fifth in 33:12.

 

ts Friday

 

 

 

457-5279

" -Select the tape you want to
hear from the list below.
-Call the above number and

the phone(5-8 minutes).

106 Communication in Love and Sex
101 Birth Control Methodl

108 Ant 1 Pregnant?

109 Sexually Transmitted Dineaeee
SEW-HELP

.201 How to Meet People
202 Tine Management

203 Lonelineu

204 Accepting Yennell
205 How to Handle Steel-
206 Tent Anxiety

201 Relaxation

208 Tim on boning W» M
.209 Coping with a Bron .. “
210 Dealing with Anxiety
,2“ What in Depreeelon?
212 How to Deal with Depreeeion
‘213 Recognieing reeling! ot Lou
214 Death and Dying

2” Dealing With anger

[CLIP AND savnj
Middle Earth Council Phone:

How to use Council Phone:

for the tape by name and number.
-The tape will be played over

-A phone counselor will be available
at the end of the tape if you wish .
further information or assistance.

SEXUAL“? tmucnsonan SKILLS
10! Female Homosexuality 301 Inning Your-ell

102 Male loneeexuality 302 How to Buy ‘No'

103 Male Role identiﬁcation 30:! Being in Love

104 Women'l Sexual Betinfeetion " ‘301 [nqu . >

105 Male Sexual Timing Problem 305 Peeling Open with Other:

306 Helping Otherl with Problem
301 Conetructive Conﬂict Relolution ’l'eobniguen
308 Receiving Conﬂict- in Relation-bip-

ask

CRIS“

401 Recognizing Suicide] Potential
402 Dealing with Suicidal Crieil
403 Rope

suns'mncc anus:
501 Marijuana: Proe and Conn

502 Drugs: Recogning Addiction, Dependence

and Tolerance
803.. _.. ... __..
804 Decision-Melting about Drinking

Two more Binghamton runners came in

Men ranners top Colonials

after Paul, but seniorJim McGinty was
named runner-of-the-meet for his fine
eighth place finish. Dane Craig Parlato
out-kicked Binghamton’s fifth man‘to give
Albany the win. The final score was 27-28.
This Saturday the Danes will expose the
Colonials to Albany’s full strength squad
in the SUNY Conference Championships
to be held at Plattsburgh. This will be the
first meeting between Albany and arch-
rival Fredonia this season. Predictions see
the twelve-team meet as a dogfight bet-
ween the Blue-Devils, who have won the
SUNYACs for the last six years. and the
same very hungry Dane squad that became
the first SUNY team to beat Fredonia for
the last six years when Albany qualiﬁed
for the National Championships last
November, and Fredonia went empty-
handed at the New York Regional
qualifier. “I guess we surprised them last
time." .said Dane captain Chris Callaci.
“Now they know who we are. but that
won’t help them. We want the SUNYACs

very. very badly."
ACROSS THE LINE: Ever since their ap-
pearance at the NCAA Championships
last fall, the Danes have been “a team to
watch." Now the NCAA agrees. Recently.
a poll of coaches in Division lll listed the‘
top-10 teams in the nation ranking only
one New York learn. St. Lawrence Univer-
[ll

 

sity, among those ten.‘

 

i

.:.,-4«.«4.~.4.~ .. ,....

~

Get  Sixth-ranked Binghamton blank men  

By Dean Chang
xssocm re SPOR 1s canon

Talent alone will not win soccer games
for the Albany State Great Danes; it takes
experience. But it seems that experience is
something that teams can only acquire by
losing. That is the trade-offthat the Danes
have made in the recent past. including
Saturday's 3-0 defeat to Binghamton.

Losing to Binghamton. the sixth-ranked
Division lll team in the state. is nothing to
be ashamed of. Albany gave good account
of themselves throughout the game,
despite the three-goal margin of victory.
But this has been the story all year long. as
the Danes have played well against quality

 

 

New at r . .1
.x - at '0 is i
. . V‘ .. I. ,

. ﬁg 

‘1.  Us ‘ _

opponents such as Plattsburgh, Union and
Potsdam only to come out on the losing
end.

Players that Albany Head Coach Bill
Scheffelin had counted on to contribute
before the year started have not met his ex-
pectations. Key veterans were lost to in-
jury.. some transfer students never went
out for the team. and as a result. Schef—
feltn must play people who aren't ready
for college-level soccer.

“The team is very young. so they're still
learning and improving." said Seheffelin.
“You just hope that they‘ll mature as time
goes along. We're not losing because we're
not good enough. but because we're not

"5
V

 

NOC

 

505 Helping Someone Clone to You Who
Drink! Too Much

V S.A, Funded ’

NO PHY

 

 

ﬁMlt‘i '

presents

EﬂLL no: «a:
W

Fl 16 TEEN DOUBLE ELlMlHﬁTION HOCKEY
TOURHGMENT

captains MEETING:

WEDNESDHYDCTOBER 17th
’. HT 3:00 PM IN LC15

I CHPTHINS ONLYl!

BRING $20.00 CﬁSHl
OR MONEY ORDER

    

HECKS
no PLaYu

S.A. Funded

 

 

 

 

experienced against good teams. Mistakes
are expected, but that doesn't make you
feel any better."

‘The bulk of the scoring this year has
been done by Jerry. lsaacs and Tihan
Presbie. two of the best players in the con-
ference. But the Danes must not fall into
the trap of relying too heavily on their
talented forwards.

“We're going to have to bring other of-
fensive players into the picture." said
Scheffelin. "Our midfielders will have to
come into play; Warren Manners. Pat
DaCosta and Mike Jasmin have to pick up
the slack. We've been counting on Tihan

ERICA SPIEOEL UPS

D ' . .
anoe Tihan Presble is outnumbered as he goes for the ball. The men's soccer team a" now 3.3.2 lol'owlng , 3.0 loss to

Binghamton.

 

TuesoA y, OCTOBER m. 1984 1:1 ALBANY swam  

 

working.” '

Albany's midﬁeld has been weakened by
the absence of Jeff Haekett, a standout
last year, whose leg injury has kept him

out of action for most of the year. Heekett.

played at about 85 percent capacity against
Binghamton. whichis still better thanrnosf
players. But Presbie could tell that Hackett
was not yet at full strength.

"Jeff would do moves that he could,

normally do and the ball would get stolen
from him,” said Presbie. “it's hard to get
things going on offense with Jeff and Paco
(Francisco Duarte) coming off injuries."

. Duarte is another veteran who played in-
jured on Saturday that could make a dif-.
ference if he were healthy. Although
Duarte‘s ankle hurt after the game. he
should be at almost full strength for
Wednesday’s game against rival Oneonta.

“i had to run the same pace for the
whole game." said Duarte. “i couldn't
make cuts easily and i couldn’t sprint out
fast. l'm doing a lot of therapy on my
ankle, so 1 hope to be ready for Oneonta.”

The Danes played the Colonials even for
the first half, yet trailed at halftime. 2-0.
One minute into the game, Binghamton
scored a controversial goal. Albany was
playing an offsides trap on defense which
drew Binghamton's Jim Sanborn offsides.
Sanborn took a pass and scored a goal that
shouldn't have been counted.

“Everyone saw that he was offsides ex-
cept the linesman," said Scheffelin.
“Their player (Sanborn) was at least five
yards offsides."

Binghamton's second goal could have
been avoided had the Danes been more
careful on defense. Carl loos had the ball
stripped from him and Jim Shapiro knock-
ed it past goaltender Howard Tyger with
four minutes left in the half.

“Carl and the left fullback shouldn’t
have passed to each other back there."
said Scheffelin. “They should concentrate
on clearing the ball. That mistake cost us.
because it should have br en a 0-0 halftime
score."

"Everyone did a decent job, it's just
that things aren't going our way." con-
tinued Scheffclin. "When you‘re down
1-0, 60 seconds into the game. it doesn't
do much for your morale."

Binglutmton‘s only tmtttiuled goal camc
with only five minutes left in the game.
John Strods hit the ball with heavy
topspiu, eluding Tygur for the last goal of
the game.

Knowing that the Danes can play the
Colonials closely gives them added incen-
tivc to beat them ill the upcomingllnivcr-
sity Ccntcr Championships. when the two
teams will probably face cuch other in the
first round. An even stiffer challenge will
be given on Wednesday by Oneonta. the
third-ranked Division 1 team in the state in
latst week's poll.

“When we're healthier, we're better
than our record (3-6-2) indicates." sztid
Schcl‘fclin. “We can act as a spoiler in our ‘
uext i'cw games. We played liinghunuon
cvcu — we just didn’t score." [3

SUNYACs
<Back “age

stronger as the year went on. That was thc
key. especially in the SUNY/\Cs."

“The whole team did an excellent job.
Our main goal in the fall was the
SUNYACs and winning it makes for it suc-
ccssful season. Everybody had it lutnd in
the victory. Again it was at good team ef-
l'ort like the other tournaments." uddcd
Eiscnhcrg.

V Lewis said. “l'm very proud of thcm.
1 hey weren't our most talented team. but
they were gutsy and believed in themselves.
They accomplished more tlutn i expected.
They met it" of their challenges and had it
great full. I'm very proud of them. There is
no question that the tough schedule they
play made them more confident going into
theSUNYACs." Cl

  
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
 
   
   
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  

  
  
  
   
   
    
  
   
   
  

  

