 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, SEPTEMBER 2|. I922

 

Page Three

 

FACULTY CHANGES

Miss-Maude Malcolm will take the
place of Mr. Andrew Wilson liruwn.
who was an instructor in the Philoso-
ph" and lidueation Departments. Mrt
Brown has gone. to Columbia University
to take up the study oi medicine.

Miss llaxel l'lemlde. a graduate of
State College in WIS. will take the
place of Miss Ilelen Kelvo in the ling-
lish Department.

Miss lsahcl Johnston. :1 "'raduate oi ‘

State College in 1920, and of tlte Sar-
gent School of l‘ltysieal liduratiou in
l‘tZZ. \\’ill succeed Miss Ilennett in the
Physical liduvalion l)z.-1)Itl‘ltttettl.

Miss Maruaret letx. State College
1922, will take the position as inwtl‘uv-
lur in the Chemistry Department ultielt
was left vacant lty Miss ltnmthy l‘tilll‘
uer.

DR. EVANS LEAVES STATE
ltr. Marv livaua. oi the Hygiene ile-
parttnent and ‘istine' college physi—
eian. will not he at college this year.
Congress has withdrawn the apprmu‘la»
established eourses in1
l

 

lion ultiell
hygiene in about thirty American vI-l-V
leges, including Harvard. Yale, Cnlmmi
bin. and Cornell. As Dr. livans cam-.-
tn State (‘olleyze lty
measure. She is withdrawn. as are phy-
sicians in other of the principal enl-
leges of tile muntrv.

reason of this

DORMITORY DATA
The summer vacation did not halt the
Dormitory litmd campaign Iluring the
time since college rinsed :1 secretary has

been constantly at work t'mnpilin: data
and hats, Students at summer session
were urged to pledge, A box was placed
in the rotunda, so that signed pledges
could he received. A lint oi former
students who leit college helore they
graduated has ltecn prepared 'I‘lt-~
county lists were also revised prepara-
tory to an active campaign for new
pledgea this tall.

The results thus far are very enmnr~
aging. The committee is non" cued-net-
lllfJC negotiations for several pieces of
property. From the SlltL’L‘Sli they (tr:
havingr they feel conﬁdent that in the
near future they will he able to am
nounee some very good news. At pres-
ent no one will give the plans of the
committee with any degree of detinite—
ness.

The very latest statistics on the drive.
are as follows:

Number of persons pledged. . 505
Total amount pledged . . . . . t. $53,760.15
Total cash received . . . l . . . .. 6.l02.57

(The above tignrcs include Summer
Session)
Summer Session Results
Number of persona pledged. to
Amount pledged. ., . l . . t . . . .. $-. L

 

 
 
 

" Which Type of Research

is of Greatest Value?

A stove burns too much coal. A man familiar with the princi~
ples of combustion and heat radiation makes experiments which
indicate desirable changes in design. That is research.

You want to make a ruby in a factory, at real ruby, indistin-
guishable by any test from the natural stone. You begin by
analyzing rubies chemically and physically. Then you make
rubies just as nature did. Your rubies are the result of research
——another type of research.

While melting up your chemicals and experimenting with high
temperatures, you begin to wonder how hot the earth must
have been millions of years ago, and what were the forces at play
that made this planet what it is. Your investigation leads you
far from rubies and causes you to formulate theories to explain
how the earth, how the whole solar system was created. That
would be research of a still different type.

Research of all three types is conducted in the laboratories of
the General Electric Company. But it is the third type—pio-
neering into the unknown—that means most in the long run,
even though undertaken with no practical beneﬁt in view.

For example, the Research Laboratories of the General Elec-
tric Company are exploring matter with X—rays in order to dis-
cover not only how the atoms in different substances are
arranged but how the atoms themselves are built up. The more
you know about a substance, the more you can do with it.
This work may enable scientists to answer more deﬁnitely the
question: Why is iron magnetic? Then the electrical industry
will take a greater step forward than can be made in a century
of experimenting with existing electrical apparatus.

You can add wings and stories to an old house. But to build a
new house, you must begin with the foundation.

General Electric
Com an Mummy.

95-6051”)

General Glace

 

 

 

(Continued from page Z)

“ The lilue Mountain House?”

“Yeah. ‘ltont six miles.
stoppin' there? "
“We don't know.
plaee is it?
“I couldn't rightly Say.
ain't never ct there."——Jnll‘:0.

R e

What sort of a
Have they a golf course?"

Yer see, I

lle’s your father, dearest child.”

Sheriff—“Have you seen any sus~
pieions characters hanging around “He's "‘3' lam”? N0 51”“ ll‘l'ml

Father (lied away last spring.
“Father didn't die. you duh!
Father joined a golﬁng cluh.
But they've closed the club, so he
Has no place to go, you see—

No place left for him to roan:—
That is why he’s coming home.
Kiss him; he won't bite you, child;
All them golﬁngr guys look wild.”

here?"
l\’u [(lux Klansnnm—“Well, Still, I
' did see one feller hangng on a tree
you down the road, hut he wa'n't suspicious,
he was dai<l."——Toronto Goblin.

“ Who's the stranger, mother dear?
Look! He knows its—ain't he queer! ”

" Hush. my own, don't tall: so wild; —-~Sel'ltinel.

 

 

