 

 

 

Psge Two

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, r\lf'l'\'ff.3, 1922

 

State College Itcws

Published weekly. during. the col-
lege year, by the Student Body of
the New York State College for
Teachers. at Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dol-
la‘rs per year. direrti'sing rates
maybe—“had on oppllcntion to the
business manager.

{Articles}. manuscripts, etc. must
be in the hands of the Editors be-
fore Thursday of the week of pub:
lication.) '

Editor‘in-Chief.
Louise D, Persons, '22

Managing Editor,

Hope D. Persons. '27.

Business Manager.

Alice O'Connor, ‘22
Subscription Manager,

Ethe Huyck. '22
Assistant Business Managers,

race Fox, ' 3
Edith Sanders. '23
Associate Editors.

Robert MacFarlﬂne. '23

Eira Williams, '23
Vera ' 3

Nolan.
Reporters
Dorothy Bennit. '24
._ Doris Butler. '23
Dorothy Dangremond, '23

TALK/ll

li‘oost your college in your own home
town! -’l'alk it so much and so hard that
people will mine to State and will know
that the 're going to Stu/e Cal/«git and
not to t to Albany Normal for ’ ‘eacli-
ers, the ’l‘eaehers' College at Albany, or
any other place that the loud editors
call us.

Some students in college have hail
the good fortune in change people s
minds and to be! them decide to come
here. This gooi luck might. come to
any of us if we only talked a little more
about the interesting things that hap-
pen to students at State.

Don't be afraid of being called ego-
tistical if you talk about the good 0 mar-
tiinities and good times '0“ iave.
l‘eople enjoy hearing about t iese things
even if you do get the mistaken notion
that they don‘t. ‘

Show your f‘eilagognes! If they don't
believe what: you tell them, you'll have
proof tov back you up in these fine
editions.

If you can't do any of these things,
at least go to the registrar and ave
catalogues sent to the prospective siti-
deiits you have in tow.

 

 

 

 Ergorﬁ COMME T

 

  

 

A CnALLENGE Trofsrarr:
sarcasm: '

 

 

Dr. ['1' stur Corning, a well known
Albany
interesting and inspiring talk to Politi-
cal Science Club on Wednesday, April
7. Taking as his starting-point the qua-
tation, “It is not the facts that count,
but what people think lli)01_ll’,l'llctll,"
llL' made a strong appeal for the educa-
tion of the public mind so that it: would
be able to do some straight thinking
about the facts of present history.
Before the people of America and of
the world can be taught: to think cor-
reetly certain tendencies of the mind
must be eliminated. There is ignorance
which itniises feet which, in turn, is re-
sponsible for dishonesty. Then there
are reactionary conservatism and self-

 

physieian. gave an extreinelyi-

isli, bigoted iiiitioniiiisiii. Thesi- indi-
vidual mental attributes are ll‘illlﬁft'l‘l't‘tl
to politics and there becomes the Homes
for all wars. 'l‘here one finds ft‘lll‘ of ag-
Yression or revolution, dishonesty in
i iplomurv, i murmur of the of the
people o (ll ier nations, rouservatisui
that opposes progre and the nation-
tllisttl that cries, "M y roimtry, right or
wrong!" To avoid war, thereforefit is
necessary to remove these conditions
from politics, and to do that, it is ii -
essa‘ry to change human nature. .
his been possible to llltll' ‘ some varia-
tions in human nature in the past. it
(full still be done in the future.

 

 

 

it

  

>

   

Here in a challenge to all young peo-'

pic, but most espei‘ially to those who
are to teach the makers of the public
opinion of tomorrow. .(i ('ltt‘ll of us
routes t he task of making others feel the
pressing need of iiiiiuudiale and euthi
astic notion in aid in admitting eiv i
zation to a place where mighty rniillii'ts
and petty quarrels will be reduced to a
minimum. The \’Vil$illllgllll1 (‘oiifer-
once has shown the w. r by revising the
old adage. "In time of [wart-prepare for
war," to "In time of peace, make war
on war." In 10” and l9l8 oath of us
was willing and more than anxious to
do his hit to aid those fighting to serure
freedom for the future. How does the
amount. of thought that you have
on your part: in pt-ai'e i:otiip:ii‘i-
what you have to your part in war?
If all ast history were reduced to a
period ofltifty years, forty-nine of them
would pass before that i'overyof writ-
big. we should consider ourselves as

  

 

 

:liviiigat the end of this half izeiitiii'y.. :

literature, art, and philosophy would
have been studied for about llll‘l‘l'
,months; a few weeks ago lllt' printing-
‘press would have been an ext raordinary
£invention, and at the Sltltlt' time witrhi-s
would have been burned for knowledge

' steam and elrirtrii'ily
.ivoiild have been in use but a few days;
,‘and within a few hours man would have
been able to lly through the ' ind to
l )ropcl his slii at through the sea. All
i iist’ory happened oiily,t|ie day before
resterdny, and history is being made
Just as rapidly now. It. is UL  '
us of the. :m to tlt'tlltil't.‘ Hits per-
spective so lltat we can carry on our
l’pnrt in the history of today and ran
'l‘QilllZC the urgency of the need of the
ltraining of others to lJL' ‘l‘(
1 make the history ol the future In
, improve the pace set by all the history

; of the past .

 

 

 

 

v

 

 

 

   

l\'. I), A.

’24 IS AWAKE!

t WW- ._..

 

Have you ever wati‘bird sheep follow
the lender? it is un, wasn’t it? «—
unless the leader happened to he headed
for you. Are you watching all "State"
follow Vague Dame Slander against litt'
sophs? it really would be laugh; do i
cvcrynnewere not so foolishly

 

ll!"

i ',
as it is, we so'phs fuel that we wish to
throw open the other phases of the
subject. .

'l‘he slams on '2-l in the last issue of
the News were quite delightful  eh,

fresh? It is fun, isn‘t it, froslt, to have
the whole world ready to roddle you
and slap your inpatient? lliit about
those slums and t 0 “word to the wise."
The sophs are eager to enforce the ‘ap-
wearing tradition. \\"e do not I at-
tention to the f: ‘t that. those (" s were
conspicuously in sight: all fall. No, we
don't gloat over past achievements;
and perhaps that is a mistake, for the
world represented by State seems tni
poet and enjoy it. All the other cl; ~
make a big point of spouting hot I‘
ahoiit themselves. No, we turn to pre»
sent malteis. \\'e ' you to weigh the
diffii'iiltii-s of enforcing the rule's. First

   

5

 
   

 

look at the freshness of the fros I’
look at their lltllttl)l‘l‘ as THUR):
the nlnnberofsoph . hi-si- ‘osli won't

 

      
 

 

reason; they won't yield td persuasion.

A FABLE BY AESOP, JR.

()m‘e upon n time, in the land of long
ago. there. was a beautiful maiden who
was :i hand-maiden unto the queen of
of tlial country. And she was faithful
in her duties as liaiidiiiaiden. And be-
cause she was so faithful, the queen said
unto llt‘l', "(in lttltlll‘ unto your peopleI
and remain tli '(, iliitil another change
of the moon." So the liaiulinaideii went
to her home. , .

lliir when she returned unto the im~
inrial palace, she seemed not the some
iiiiulmaiden. And she smiled unto her~
self much and seemed glad of many
things. The others of the hamlniziideus
remarked iipnii this and questioned hi-r

 

 

i‘onrerning her secret happiness. Where-
npon she whispered unto lbeni, . it
then they seemed glad also. liiitzwliéiti
the /
illitftlie smiles were different. And at
the next rliimge of the moon that hand-

 

mniden was seen no more at the iiuper- "

nil palace.

And when the time of her earthly liftl
was ﬁnished, she was brought before
Zeus who pronounced judgment: upon
her. And he spoke thus: “ .(‘t Iii-r
finish her tasks as a haiidniaiden iii the
paliu‘e of the (in And let1 itt‘l' task
of giving itlslt'ttt‘lltln to the children ’of
the queen be thrice the roiiiiunildel
length of time." And the sr'ribi- in
writing opposite her name in the book
of men smiled s he wrote; “She tlizil
lL'il\'i'lfl i'nlli'g‘e to gt‘l married ."

 

   

 

t

 

”ROUND THE COLLEGE

 

 

Syddum Hall has thken one step in
the (lireitlion of self—'overnmeiit. A
constitution and set of muse rules have
been adopted. (lilii‘ers for llii: year are
as follows: House I’ with-iii, Sophia
('ohi-ii, '24; \"it‘cvl’r. lent, lilizulii-lh
liritlon, 'Z‘l; Sci rotary, (‘arolyn Agan,
'15; 'l‘r isuri-r, in so llwyer, 'l«l:5ir
(‘inl Director, Mrs. I’rear.

 

 

 

 

Although the organiz; ,ion has been
in Cllt‘t'l only iort time, it prom-
ises to be. very sniitss iil.

 

 

Sarah Slioi-iiln-rg 'l‘l attended the
Sophomore week-end at R. l'. l

l'si (iammn welcomes as pledge nit-in-
ift‘t’ttlt'ttllt' lirabli, Elisa ’ '4
Marie liiirgin. litiitlab lii'kerson, ('lzi -
nyi'k, tiweiidolyn .Iniii-s, J 'ss -

    

 

 

 

‘ ('bi iginzi 'l‘hetn welt-nines us pledge
members: Marjorie Mrt-i-i'ntry, Ver-

imii-a Newell. lilieii (,‘olieu, Louisi-
W'lsli, (lone l):irdi‘ss, Mary (l'llari',
Abre llali'y.

 

Delta ()int‘gn wi‘li‘omes as pledge
members: Mary Vt‘tillt't‘. Marion St'lll'ii-
der, Cditli Vundi'nliiirg, “('lt‘ll Means
and Florence (‘riiililiit'l<,

lita l’lii welcomes as pli-dgi- members-
lEiiiily llarrows, fitl'll‘llllt' (‘oli-nnin.
Jai‘ipii-lyn Monroe, l-‘lori-ni'i- lil't‘llllllg.
Harriet liarriis, \lildreil liillllllll'l'ﬁiuy,
and Helen Kil’lltiiid.

 

 

(lamina Kappa Phi u'eli‘oini's as
pledges: lClliclyn Bloom, Mil Illl"
\‘it‘. Marion (kink, Marjorie l.i ingstou,
Ruth ('alkins, liditli l.t‘('l\', t'thi-riiu-
\\'oi>i|n'ni'd, Aileni' t t' and Mary
('oriicll.

     

 

 

Kappa Delta “'(‘lt‘tltttl‘s as pledges:
lit-Hy Martini-on, l'Illii (' . Margaret
Di-imirest and Mildred live.

 

 

fl‘hey plaei: their faith in their puppy
strength. \\'r ask you how run you on»
form: anything on “Such” without t‘lti-
iloying lll’lllt‘ strength and rough-
vlltllﬁt‘. All you ran do when you're
out-numbered is to light, light, light,
and then spend the rest of ymir time
trying to ltt’t'. ' ing on them. \\’i-
soplisilerided asl yi-nrtlial siii'h rough-
liousc does not belit State.

E

 

We've tried persuasion on these way-
ward fresh 'uiis. You have all seen
some ostentatious red curls around our
.halls and perhaps have wondered why
something hasn't happened. “'0 have
been willing to hang around and put
them up, and to wlir-edli: for hours; but
though we often have been impelled to
do so, we couldn't bring ourselves to
snip litt'llt off nor even elaw at them.
Here is the sonnet of the wherefore. it
is the misfortune f?) of '24! th' ' 1
well bred class, and besides it ‘ ' i y
with the common disease of softni )f
heart toward innoi‘ent freshmen. 'l'liere's
a soft spot in our hearts for them.

 
  

Then '22 — ah, worthy, highly-hon-
ored sterling, loyal-to-the-bone, siste

 

rl l~suggests the park 1' it . A
wonderful inspiration truly! lleuighted
sisters, don't youtealize t,|ia,t,,St,ate is
too line to tolerate. brutal and danger-
ous hazing? '24 at least has sensed in-
stinctiver this altitude of State and
0 far has epitomized it. You haven't
' mapping with girls and men

 

 
  

*elirrcd last year; you wont
“1’: Will haven't heard personal

   

iliie
buying of rosli or others in our stunts
as you have'in those of the frosb who

seem to be under in impression that

 

 

they must slain away continually to

“(it'ltit'lh‘
iave

 

show their brassy "pt-p." We will not
i'oiiiitenaiii'i: rough-house of any sort

and especially the kind that .222 siIg-j

gusts. lloiv foolish it is even to imag-
ine our handful of men rapping and
snarling around in the water l\'ilt'l| they
ought to be boosting State! ‘

 

You say, '22 w "let's see some iii--
tIoii" —— “look up ‘letliargy.”‘ (ii-t your
ear to the ground, can’t you? And yet
we don't want you to, for “it's the
world against the sophomores." Yet
you know that still waters run deep,
and shallow voters rhatter and gurgle
importantly. Do you got the point, or
do you need elucidation? It's a shami-
that you all can‘t see lltl‘ workings of
, )[)ll br‘ ' id brawn: they on-
interesting, mg and fiiu prnilui‘i~
iio. Really i‘nn't yo that State is
indebted to '14 for affording an nppniw
(unity for e ' vomit and proper dis-
piay of spirit.
As far as we ran make out, the “my
ings of the upper i: ss til arise from
illelsanic instint‘ makes the spur
tutors at. _a boxing mati'h jump up in
their seats when a lull of watrhful wait
ing comes, with "lleyl give him a
[)Illlt‘lli” "(in it', jerr !" “Knurk 'im
out!" They'd like to see a mussi-d-up
lot of soplis and frosh; they'd like in
\i'nti‘h the blond start and maybe even
hear a few bones t‘raek.
Now reuse the brainless, (it'St‘lt‘llt‘lin‘
' . so easily; If you
drop them into
our on , If you'll \\1l1(‘ll and judge
fairly, you'll sm- what a fine-spii‘iti‘ed,
enthusiastit‘, collegiate, forgiving, all-
round good i‘liiss 'Z-l is.
B. '24..

    

 

 

r:
/

 

£

 

    
 

   

 

    

,were alone, they sutilednagiiiu 7M /

 

 

wr—

 

 

