 

- i State College News

s“

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OF l9l6

 

 

 

VOL. VII " N0. 6

 

ALBANY, N_  '6GOBER 26;. -1625 _.~_ ,

$3.00 peg};

Campus Day Program Announced
Queen to Award Prize to Winning Class

CAMPUS DAY PRIZE

The class which has won the his,y
est number of mints in the events of
the day shall be awarded the prize.
The point system is as follows:

Winner of event—5 points.

Second place— 3 points.

'l‘hird place—«l point.

An additional 5 points will be
given to the class having the highest
percentage of its members present at
the events. The marshals are:
Seymour, '23; Id. McManus, '24; R.
Moore, '25; K. Miller, ’26.

The class receiving the prize
place its numerals on same.
handing down of the prize shall be
traditional.

_CAMPUS DAY QUEEN

The vote of the student body for
the most popular member of the
senior class will determine the choice
of the queen. Her name will be kept
secret until the night of festivities.

’l‘he attendants to the queen will
be two members of each of the three

shall

-a
.4—
C

lower classes. elected by the ex-
ecutive committee of each class, res-
pectively.

Announcement of the queen will
be made by two trumpeters, elected
from the senior class by its executive
committee. The general committee
in charge is as follows:

Dorothy Dangremond, ’23, Ch'm.

I'lmily Belding, ’24.

Edward Shirley, ’24.

 

CALENDAR
Friday. October 27

 

Spanish Club Meetinrz, Room B.

4:00 P. M.

Saturday, October 28
Campus Day

Athletic Meet, Cainpuu,
12:30 P. M.

Football Game—R. P. I. Fl'Dlh vs.
State

Ridge-ﬁeld, 3:00 P. M.
College Sing, Auditorium,
7:45 P. M.

 

Monday, October 30,
Music Auociation Meeting, Room B,
4:45 P. M.

 

Tuesday. October 3|, . ..
Y. W. C. A. Meeting, Room B,
3:00 P. M.
Joseph Henry Society Meeting,
Room 150,.
7:30 P. M.

 

Wednesday, November 1,
Newman Club Meeting, Room 211,
4:00 P. M.

 

 

State Battles Rochester to a Score~'
less Tie

HOWARD’S BRILLIANT DEFENSE FEATURES

In the second game of the season on the gridiron, State battled the
Rochester School of Optometry to a no-score finish. The strong defense of
each team kept either side from scoring. State’s light but fast back—ﬁeld
made most of its gains by line bucks and off-tackle plays. Practically no
gains for Rochester were made through the left side of the line.

In the first quarter State received the ball and carried it down to the
middle of the field when they were forced to punt.

’I‘he It. S. 0. team were held, and after an exchange of punts State
was within striking distance of their goal. Cassavant tried a drop kick
.which failed to count.

The rest of the play was in the center of the ﬁeld until near the end
of the half, when a fumbled punt gave R. S. O. a splendid chance to score.
The State men then gave a real exhibition of lighting football, forcing the
R. S. 0. team back in their attempts and blocking an attempted ﬁeld goal.
State kicked out of danger and when R. S. O. tried a pass it was inter-
cepted by Pugh as the period ended.

The third period resulted in a fierce struggle between the opposing
ilinesmen, neither being able to open holes for their backs to gain. While
State was weak on the offensive the forwards tore the opposing line to
shreds when on the defense.

In the fourth period State, aided by several wide end runs by Pugh,
carried the ball into the R. S. 0. territory. Here a State punt was blocked,
which Cnsarette recovered, being so badlyinjured in the play he was forced
yfroni the game. The game ended with thr- ball in State’s possession on
lithe ﬁfty yard line.

 

THE LINE UP.

 

 

   
 

   

 

   

   

   

     
   

 

l, State. Rochester.
lJuckett l.. E. ,. Hare
iVines  .. l.. ’l‘. Roach
lHoward l.. G.  Stiller
1Smith .. . C. DeGrall‘
‘Beaver  R. G. Weldridge
Crawford .. R. 1‘. Bowen
Wagner .... .. R. E. . ’I‘hayer
Cram ..  ,. Q. B  Beg‘ley
Cussavant .. L. H. B. Kowulsky
Bresluu  R. H. B. .. Rockwell
Pugh  ,  .. . . F. B.  , .. ..  Harmon

Substitutions :l‘or Howe, Vines, Cassavant

Substitutions: Howe for Vines, Casarette for Wegner, Roberts for

Beaver, Hayes for Crawford, Wegncr for Casarette.
R. S. 0.-— Gran for ’I‘hayer, Bullington for -teck\vell, Payne for Kow-
alsky. Referee: Rraun. Umpire: Barnhart.

G. A. A. Gives Field Frolic Tennis and. Basketball
Awards Presented

After Myskania had been received
and the usual announcement ha(
been made in student assembly Fri-

 

Last but not least in the long list
of social events for the past week-
end, which was more than usually
crowded, was the gym frolic. It was
the ﬁrst G. A. A. frolic of the season,
and freshmen were invited especially
that they might be properly initiated _ , ,
in the joys of a real frolic, for G. A. COMCI'HIUK Campus Buy: Wine“ '5 to
A.’s aim is to give different forms of be OEtObel‘ 29- This .VCM‘ ll Campus

 

i (Continued on page 3)

(Continued on page 3)

 

 

day, special announcement was made I

Juniors Entertain Freshmen

'l‘lic junior freshman sing that was
held Monday, October iii, was well
attended. It was most informal and
“lots of fun.” Edna Shaffer. the
junior song leader led for the last
time. Miss Shaffer has resigned from
her position as junior song leader,
much to the regret of the class.

After singing practically every
song anyone could think of the
juniors decided that the freshmen
really ought to sing to their sister
cl .s. The spirit with which they
sang gave promi'l of great things
when all the class together.

The junior freshman party took
place Friday evening, October 20, in

 

 

 

the gymnasium. The place was
Brettin decorated in orange and
lack. The lights were dimmed by

attractive crepe paper shades, which,
with the streamers that ﬁlled up the
space between, carried out this ef-
fective harvest-time color scheme.
Corn stalks disguised the pillars,
while black cats and pumpkin lan-
terns swung from the booms. 'I‘he
Hallow e'en scene was completed
when the costume-clad crowd of
juniorsand freshmen trooped down
the stairs.

Stunts began the evening's fun.
From the shoots of laughters one
judged that they were well received.
Margery Eaton, ’24, and Sophia
Cohen, ’24 entertained with songs,
accompanied by “ukes.” After the
stunts there wasa grand march dur-

ing which the Judges, Miss ierce,
Mrs. Candlyn and Miss Stuart
viewed the costumes. It was most

difficult to make a decision, but lin-
ally the judges decided to award the
prizes as follows: the prize for the
prettiest costume went to Miriam
Snow, ’26, who represented a charm—
ing old-fashioned girl; the prize for
the clevcrest, a shiek, was carried off
by Niles Height, '26; Emily Belding
was by far the funniest in a huge
pumpkin. How she managed to
dance is still a mystery to many.

For the rest of the evening the
jazz trio, Reilly, Cussler, and Briggs
furnished music for dancing. Cider
and doughnuts were served and dis—
appeared rapidly.

mong the special guests were

Dean Pierce, Miss Thompson, Miss
Martinez, Mr. and Mrs. Candlyn, and
Miss Stuart.

Annual lnlersorority Tea

The annual intersorority tea was
held in the rotunda Saturday after-
noon, October 21. The place was
attractively decorated with autumn
eaves, palms, and clirysanthenunns.
One would scarcely recognize the
rotunda as he entered and behold the

(Continued on page 3)

 

 

