 

Pile Four

S’l‘A’l.‘E COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 13, 1922 '

 

 

OR GA NIZA TIONS

Chemistry Club

Chemistry Club was very fortun-
ate in havim,r Mr. John Cook give
an illustrated lecture on Color in
Life, to the members and their
friends, Wednesday evening. It‘eb-
ruary 8, I922.

Mr. Cook, who is superintendent
of ’l‘hatcher I’ark, showed nearly
all slides during his years of study
and his information was from first
hand observation which made it
doubly interesting. Moths, butter-
tlies, flowers, frogs, and the black

 

 

 

and whit zebra appeared before us‘

on the screen. Most exciting was
the search for butterflies, moths,
and iitseets with so-called "protec-
tive coloration" among the leaves
and grasses they are supposed to
imitate. We thought our eyes
were good and We often had decid-
ed this must be the insect when
the insect was on tlre other end of
the picture. The mystery of “false
heads." "friendly neighbors," and
“unwary holes” in which lllaCL‘lS are
involved will be explained by those
who attended. Ask them to tell
you. Best of all nearly all the iii-
vestlgation lduvolves work about

of Correlated Mathematics," and
Mr. Lindeinan on “Mathematical
Fallacies.”
4:30 p. m. Room 200

Joseph Henry Society

There will be a meeting of Joseph
Ilenry Society, February 1., l9 .,
at 8 p. in. This will he the lirst
meeting of the year and all former
members are asked to come and
help get things going.

The meeting will he taken up
with initiation of new lllt‘ll'l‘licl‘fi and
an introductory speech by Dr. Hide.
All those wishing to he initiated at
this time, see Mr. Scott. .

The society is planning a very llllc
program for the rest of the semi.
ester and and all who are eligible
should be anxious to join. Come
and bring a friend with you.

LONDON STRING QUARTET
('ontinned front page i

to England where they are hooked

to appear at the Ilretboven liesti~

val in lit-eds.

This quartet is a world tamed
organization. lesides giving over
ISU concerts in London. it has made
numerous tours in Scotland, Wales,
Norway, Sweden, It‘ranee, Holland,
Spain, and America.

 

ALBANY ART UNION

(Distincliw 73hotography

PHOTOGRAPHS FOR GIFTS AND
REMEMBRANCE

PHOTOGRAPHS FOR REPRODUCTION AND

 

Special Rates to Students
48 No. Pearl Street

THIS SPACE BELONGS TO‘
HELMES BROS. INC.

WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO USE IT FOR
BUSINESS PURPOSES

LESTER H. HELMES. PRES.

Albany which may he reprodured
by the ambitious person who i'ares
to study nature and not hooks.

G. Wiley ‘0. Bro.

.\‘ot in the musical history of the
L'nitrd States 5 a string quartet
made so profound an impr 's'
London String Qn l‘lt

 

    
 

 

   

      

I What kind of a Y, W. (I. .~\. meet-
mg do you want? The committee
whose duty it is to plan the pro-
grams for the meetings has tried.
during the past semester, to pre‘
sent a variety of programs. Which
one did you like best? Do you
like song services? AliSsionary
services? What sort of hymns do
you like best? [)0 you enjoy out-
side speakers, faculty speakers, or
student speakers the most?

Next 'I‘nesday, at 3 o‘clock, in
the auditorium you are going to
have the Opportunity of answering
these questions, and of helping the
committee give you what you want.
Come prepared to give us your
ideas, whatever they may be. Help
us help you!

At the meeting on Tuesday,
Mildred llammersly, '25, will be
leader and Erva Line”, '23, will
speak. '

French Club
Meeting: Wednkesday, Feb, 15.

G. A. A. the
. ‘ , New York and other (‘1 I I
(.I' I} I\I\'IU’ (EPII'! “Lt: WU Y0" ill lllt'l with the highest pram from r 't‘""“ “Km‘lWI
age 3a prm‘. Ire.’ tune on 0|!t hntb rritim and public, and praetie- If om- wate 3 res ind Salt Men

and win the letters and numerals any wppmll 1mm“ have much.“ y . rmqnmeeds and pouu" 

that every girl should have betore the,” M “My “CI-{nrmﬁncc‘ attention, bring It to US. 3

she graduates from State. Skating 0m- waterman servic 348 5”“ She“: can" Lu" ‘.

tlllle \rill_.~'oon be over, and you will ~——-v~-—*——-~-- . e Telephone 544 And 543 i
V have to bud another means of win~ comes to the ald of .‘i
i: ning points. \\"hy wait for another IrAcuLTY NOTES many a cast off " W I ~ WNW-Aims»

. ' en ‘
 sport to become popular when you ~ , -. .,,, p ' , l
 can make lllc most of the one now “L mmmm' “m”_ “'1'” l  s "
f in vogue.J Come on out and prac- are pity and seventy-live cents may ‘TﬁePEN EL'IFNER‘. ix ’/ Excluﬂve
l, tiee. Anybody Ltan come to the be obtained at Allis. I‘iet‘ee’s QIIICC, _ a .   t
i prat as livery time you C(llllC or from hunter, lx‘iee.lor lhlmlys  ‘,"\$ Furs, Gowns, Suits

tn prmtire you win one point and 'I'Itinnpsou. tome am be p con. 4 r . w“ 7/ n‘
‘3 every game you play in wins" you tribute to the Dormitory Fund. ' [SMHLIJTEZJ“'C:,  L5, and wraps l
5 two points. .\li-.~' l‘itttri'er gave "Ifady Win- [UQNER‘HUDJV' A" "W-‘U'h m- , 58” P [St
 tli‘tnri‘e's I’an" at the Ilmgliamton At». ‘ 1 °' 9‘" ‘ Albany-N-V- I
a; Y. W. C. A. High School on Friday, I’ehlrnary "AI‘A' ‘ '""“’ ' ' - . v  ____~_
- .i. .\|r. Donald Tower w to is dulServica H H. d

3 r , en 0

1 P '7 P director of dramaties at the high 535-00 Mu] Tick“ '0' 3450 ‘0 Collette Students o '

lime 4 O‘cloe .
Place Room 101.
Program: Business and mono-

lognes.

Mathematics Club

Do you approve of the Math
Club sign on the bulletin board?
Come to the meeting,r this (Mon-
day) afternoon nnd_you will have
an opportunity to give your opin-
ion. An especially interesting pro-
gram has been prepared. Mr, Hud-
dle will speak on the "Feasibility

 

school in Bingbamton, secured
Miss l'titterer for the reading. The
ilrainatie’s course given at this place
is the first of its kind to receive
regent's credit. The next day,
Saturday, February 4, at noon a
luncheon was given at Ilinghamton,

to State t'ollege .-\|innnae, Among
those lil't'st'lll were the Misses
Emma Wilher, Ethel Ilonek,
Roselle I‘ontana, Amy Clnhley,

Lillian .\lagilton, .\Iary .\Iet,farthy,
(iult‘ttdc Schermerhorn, aml .\Ir.
lired I‘arker. At this time a South-
ern branch of the Alumnae Associ-
ation was formed with the idea of
raising funds for the dormitory.

I’resident Brtibaciier is to speak
for I'hi Beta Kappa in the high
schools at Ilillsdale and I‘hillnont
in the near future.

Dr. David M. Robinson of John
Hopkins University, president of
the Llollege Art Asst 'iation of
America. has asked Miss Eunice
I'erine, head of the Art Department
at State College, to present a paper
at the annual convention of the
association to be held in I’hiladel-
phia, on April 13, I4, and IS. Miss
Perine has been a member of the
assosiaiion since I91 and is very
much interested in its work. Her
paper will discuss the necessity of
art appreciation among college stu-
dents.

Dr. Robinson will be re~
membered as having been brought
here about two years ago by the
Dramaties and Art Association to
speak to the students of State Col-
lege.

Ideal Restaurant Gm“ F' "AM" PM
208 Washington Avenue, Albany, N. Y.

Regular Dinner 40c.—-—11 n. m. to 3 p. m. Supper 40c.-—5 p. m. to 8. p. m.

 

 

THE HAMILTON PRINTINGV CO.

PRODUCERS OF THE BETTER CLAI' OF

BOOKLETS. CATALOGS. PUBLICATIONS AND
DIRECT BY MAIL ADVERTISING

 

PHIN'IH w 7”. '7‘" COLL... "W.

 

 

240 HAMILTON STREET

 

. 4‘.

 

