 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. DECEMBERG. I922

 

 

Page Tito
V ' QUARTERLY COMPETITION PROFESSOR WALKER SPEAKS Y. W. INVITES STUDENT BODY
 V   ANNOUNCED ON FINANCIAL CRISES AND TO HER BAZAAR
W: The Stain College Quarterly DEPRESSION Now then students, are you all
VOL vn‘ "December 8‘ No‘ 11‘ announces that a competition for.l Prpl‘essor _Wulker addressed thel“ set " for the bazaar this afternoon
Political Science Club WednesdayamI evening? You’ve “in,de bought

 

[’iihlislied Weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New
\ork Slate Lollcgc for Teachers at
Albany. New Item, I

The subscription raie_is three dol-
lars per year. Adyeriismg raies'may
be hall on application to the busmcss
illllllllKL‘l‘. .

(Articles. manuscripts, etc., must be
ill the hands of the editors ‘heiore Moxi-
day of the week of publication.)

' lEiliior-in-Chicf
Rtlill-Zk'l‘ i\‘li\t;l7r\liLi\NE, '23
Managiin.r Editor
Veaa Nomn, ‘23
Business Manager
Caner: Fox, ’23
Subscription Manager
l'iiim WILLIAMS, '
Assistant Suhseriptiou Manager

RUTH 'l'EFFT, ‘
Assistant Business Managers
lioi‘i‘ii SAuNosus. ’23
Annie Olson, ’
Associate liditoi's
lumirrilr l).\Niiai-:ii0Np, '23
DORIS Harper, "23
Dorothy V. Round, '24
Reporters
hlnxueav liAvuass, ’24
MILDRED KUIIN, 24
Amps NOLAN. ’24
HELEN ORR, ’2‘} _
Minuet Wain—1a, 2:

 

All OUT FOR BASKETBALL

'l‘he basketball season of 1922 - 23
is about to begin. The greater art
of the schedule willvbe composer of
home games. This has been done in
order that the students who finance
the team will be able to get their
money‘s worth of games. The team
will then be practically under the
control of the student body. It is for
them to cheer, to push the team.
Support will play a greater part in
the success or failure of the season
than ever before.

It is high time that a. boosters club
be organized, at least informally, to
start a snappy rooters’ section at the
ramcs. The team'is working hard to
ave a winning season. But they
can't do all the work. They are
facing a stiff schedule and Will need
every ounce of support the student
body can give. The first home game
will be played December 16. Why
not have a noisy crowd of meters on
hand to start the team on a successful
season?

HOME ECONOMICS NOTES

A demonstration of the paper dress
form was given in the Home Econ-
omics Department last Friday. The
class in Costume Design will use these
forms in their clothing work this
year. The demonstration was at-
tended by a number of guests and
teachers from the Albany schools.

Professor Gillett will be in attend-
ance at the joint convention of the
National Society for Vocational
Education, the Vocational Education
Association of the Middle West, the
American Home Economics Associav

Vocational

tion, and the National
Guidance Association to be held at
Detroit from November 30th to

December 2nd.

A meeting of the New York State
Home "‘ ’ A ’ " was
held in Syracuse November 27 and
28. Professor Gillett, Miss Keim,
and Miss Filiingham were in attend-

mcmbership for the year 1923~—24
has begun—open to juniors, sopho-
mores and freshmen. According to
the constitution election to the Board

may be seen:

consist of an Editor-ln-Chief, five
Assistant Editors, a Business Manager
and two Advertising Managers.

“ii. The duties of the Assistant
Editors are to be outlined by the
Editor - in - Chief.

“ b. The Editor- in ~ Chief and
of the Senior Class.

“ Election to the Board, except in
the case of candidates for Business
Managership shall be determined by
the number and quality of the pub-

and service rendered.

“ 3. The Editor - in ~ Chief shall
prepare a record of contributions and
report this to the Board at their
annual election in the spring of each
year, with his nominations of new
members based upon this record.
From this list of nominations the
editors make their elections.

“ Elections to the Business
Manager-ship shall be determian by
the Board of Editors, but the Business

themselves as candidates

no such candidate has presented hinr

l

t

l

is based entirely on competition, as u

“2. The Publication Board‘ shall the cause

 

 

Business Manager shall be members normal

i

 

lished contributions of each candidate l twenty ycul‘sv for “S

l
I

l

 

l

Manager shall nominate for the posi~.i~¥0 Uilllel‘ {UNI “ﬂame I‘GSUICS.
tion the students who havo ol'fizl'eillmCI'CIal cl'lsosalid not occur to
for thecxu‘nt twitﬂl .iomlt ﬁtock companies
position and have assisted the Business WOW: 8 ill' at. am t on these critic-sattmctive a. t . ,rve.
Manager most efficiently in conducbiwuw Often due '50 the “Dublin! 01"{will be maiic11L Lt moon.
ing the finances of the paper. ,When worthless

‘go under.

' I u - ll .' l
:ztfraolgbggﬁifbcﬁgzt’  (lgwcgiyour ticket; therefore you’ll be there.
comparison between physical and Come and spend the afternoon, out
business conditions, for just as there supper in the “ Cafe. ” and spend the
“"3 Chung‘ﬁ‘f‘f’“ 9'03“ to 1&1)" limit?“ evening. From the minute you leave
iere are n" am ow e s in ie . .
business wor‘itL war, especially is chapel you Will feel the influence of

of changing conditions, Y. W. for your buns and candy will
Ruringththelearly lpurt if the Vlflorld be transferred from their old home to

or c iemams o. “lll‘opc rom . _ ,. . 
the (Initcd States were great, and an '1” ,L‘Vm' , If .“yoru [ inml‘Lfd. to
abnormally good condition resulted in he gymn’ 50" w' m‘ It (“muted

with” evergreens, Y. W. colors, and
banners. There you will see booths

the business world. Stocks rose,
of fancy work, Japanese work, sta-

money was easily made, and an over-

conﬁdcnce in business resulted. After
tionery, art ,vegetables and groceries.
’l‘ell your landlady or housekeeper

the war there was a reverse, caused
that she may procure her week's

the necessity of returning to
busmess state, and failure

resulted. this recent drop, although sup “Us of vegetables and groceries,
the greatest of all, was tided over in WM 0 you may furnish your mm”
Amen“ by the Feilcml "("SUI'VC'druwers with all sorts of good things
Bunks' sue" ‘lpl'essmns “5 thus"lifor those mid-night lunches. Need
are bound to occur about everylsoap 0,. toothpaste-3 Come to the
_ long as el‘l‘ql‘ litlmzuur. Like ice-cream? Come alon
f;‘hlltlnllln trait there Will be c:‘l§it‘s.l,,n,[ “at some,
meg" ﬁre‘ltof‘t,‘lljmtim: ‘l'cst  film-"in Now that you know what’s going
L. I w o Llll Lil LISgnLSs a a {no me ,to happen at the bazaar proper, let's
“"95; fun 'ww 'etlutlbt‘ 01 mux“ifind out about the supper. Tickets are
perience, me unpiepdicd Wllﬂﬂ U1“ fifty cents and tho supper will bl!
“dSh comes “"d 50 M" the one“ to delicious. Come at five-thirty or six
. . . and sit at 'i sororit' Y. .

Di’inuerous extenSion .of credit is ‘Newman tablé The “30'qu n ‘vvvm 
“:0?ch aim“, or. lcnst's' Whe'bdeeorated with banners and perhaps
{lolcs‘t‘hc if”th “ch 1"“9110‘1 £91: there will be singing. Inform your
“unis ey' oriow of links, and I landladies that you are going to sup
eii cieditms, fail these houses at the Y. Bum“. If she meg to
Cam-idiscourage you, invite her to go with
any on. 7
Evening in the. gym. will he as
'I‘Iierii
_ and a reading l'lo
enterprises. England’s I ' l '
, . come ind enJoy yourselves and at ti o
Bubble Perm“ and Houa’ld's Tulip-{same (time support Y. W: and tile

 

 

 

self, election shall be made from the {WV/'0 Poriml Me W0" remembered asDormitory Fund.

Editorships report to Marjorie Sibley,
to be candidates

or Wilhemcna Westbrook, Advertising
Managers.

contest, so, new competitors, hand in

work for your QUARTERLY and
your college.

Material for the second issue must
be in by December 19.

NOTICE.
Football Smoker Planned.

There will be a football smoker for
men of the faculty and student body,
Wednesday, December 13, at 8:00
P. M., in the gymnasium.

The committee in charge is arrang-
ing for a good entertainment, and a
pleasant evening is assured all those
who attend.

 

JOLLY JUNIOR JAMBOUREE

held in the college gymnasium Thurs~
day evening, December 14. This very
special chance for a good time get-
together is being given toJuniorl only.
Allthe incoming juniors of this fall
are “ cordially urged" to come and
shake hands around with this peppy
class. There is to be —~— ;
but details would arouse too much
any from the other classes. Billie
P and Emily Balding know
about the stunts. The general coni-
mittee consists of: Oliver Putnam,
Chairman, Nellie Maxim, Betty Nag-lo,

 

ancc.

Louise Manwaring.

existing Board of Editors. " l ,
All persons desiring to try out for “"1101! were caused by the floating 01' Shoe,“‘i{;,‘,;g;;d""“““"‘
ox

l

Editor- Ill-Chief; and those desiring Company. organized a few years “no
for Adwmsing in America, and the failures it caused

Managerships, report to Ervu Littell is we“ remembered.

l

Several people are already in the be done to avoid them except the

i

your names as soon as possible, and,bu~‘lim~‘55 enterprises.

A Jolly Junior Jambouree is to be *

times of panic in foreign countries,
Shoes shined
ROCCO CALABRESE
218 Lark Street
ALBANY, N. Y.

valueless bonds. The Silver

Crises then, are the results of
constant fluctuation and nothing can]

 

cultivation of m l~"t' ':
ou’m "m H uni Hats Cleaned and Blocked

 

rHE'COLLE‘e/s‘i

'Tuesday, Novembcr‘28, the Draina< Many of the alumna. and active
tie and Art Association entertained Delta Omega girls attended the house
Mr. Beneker and Dr. Richardson at a warming at the home of Mrs. Frank
dinner at the Ten Eyck Hotel. Those McClure, ’2l.

present were: Dorothy Bennit, Laura Beta Zeta cordially welcomes Orma

 

 

 

 

Ebcllh Margery Bayless, Ethel Harding, ’25, Doris Magoo, ’25. Ruth
Cummings, Wilhelmina Westbrook, Bussey, ’25, Dorothy Haight, ’25, and

Ramona Downer, ’25; Mildred John-

Miss Futterer and Miss Perine.
son, ’23; into full membership.

Delta Omega welcomes Margaret
MacLean as a pledge member. Kappa Delta enjoyed as guests at
I We are glad to have Mabel Stevens, the house, Frances Stilson, ’22,
'24 back at college after her i‘ecentlEleanor Hens, ’20, and Margaret
illness. Crane, ’21, during the holidays.

STAHLER’S

Central Avenue’s Leading Confectionery
and Ice Cream Parlor
PURE WHIPPED CREAM SERVED 0N SPECIALS
N0 EXTRA CHARGE

All prices of box chocolates fresh from the factory
at 39 cents pound box and up

 

 

 

Phone W 869 J 29') CENTRAL AVENUE

 

 

 

A.
.r

—1 r-‘r-in—ﬂa

ozswmwrnwgyr arr-5mm

E

wen-'2:

"3U

 

9!
at

PI

5i

