 

 

Page Two

ﬁrst» College News

VOL. VII. November 16. No. 9

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student llody oi the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York.

The subscription rate is three dol~
wlnrs per year. Advertising rates may
be llll(l on application to the business
manager.

(Articles, inaiiuseripis, etc., must be
in the hziiids of the editors before Mon-
day of the week of publicalion.)

Editor-iihChicf

STATE COLLEGE

F—“Tsuur Cantu

FAREWELL, “ALMA MATER"

Are we going to change our Alma
Mater?

The objection to the tune came up
a few years ago and another tune
was substituted. It was used for a
short time, then the alumni objected,
because it caused confusion at their
meetings when some sang the new
tune and the others the old. Would
the alumni approve of the adoption

 

 

 

 

NEWS. NOVEMBER i6, |922

The freshmen met too, the grown-
u children of Minerva, her happy,
dignified seniors. And these brothers
and iistcrs wished quite as much as
the jiniors that the new members be
a cr-dit to the family. But they
were too busy to take such close care
of tlcm as the juniors. They had
been under Mlncrva's protection a
long time, and they had grown strong
in l)V0 and respect for her. So they
said, "There are traditions belong-
ing to Minerva. They are her per-
sonal property, and we owe her
respect for them. We know that
when the freshmen learn of these tra~
ditions they will be proud to honor
Alma Mater by keeping them, and
that all the members of the college

 

. mm.

lieve that State College has no col-
lege spirit, only class rivalry, and so
we, laying all antagonism aside, wish
to question those freshmen. Were
you, who are lovers of college spirit
and think State College has not that
spirit, among those freshmen who
broke one of the college traditions
Friday? Did you come to college,
ﬁlled with a love for that college and
a desire to show your appreciation-
for what that, college can do for you
or did you come full of cgotism and
thoughts of what you could do for
that college? Will you freshmen
and members of other classes as well,
including ourselves, try to realize that
a college is no bigger than the people
who compose it? Will you try to

 

ROBERT i\li\cl"i\ki.ANi-:, ’23 of an alto ether different Alma filmin will insist upon this respect." understand that it is not the big
g . .

Managing Editor mater? 'l‘hcn camel .[tlie sophomores}, the; {lungs you willll do \ii‘hlle Ihere atncol-

VERA‘NOLAN, '2 « . a mischievous cu ( ren at tic ZlW(Wal‘( qgu t at m ma 9 t at. co ege

Business Manager t- cull]. Alma Mg“? t]: “geld pﬁpgr We, W110 IOVC to “9380 {WI annoy but hlggel‘. it is the humble servwes, the

GEM” UV. i." 10118 Y as "me 5 0 ma ‘1 are after all good-hearted youngsters little things you can do, for a big

college, a college even now larger
than yourself, that will make that
college greater. By greater we don’t

of whom State may someday be very
proud. They laughed at the fresh—
men, and made faces at them, and
' order to confuse the freshmen

of other colleges. Union sings “ The
College on the Hill ” with just as

 

Subscription Manager
Iiiim \\’ii.i.i.\.\is, ’23

 

 

Assistant Slil)5L‘l‘l llull h‘liiiiager
'(lri‘ii 'l‘si-ir'r, ’23
Assistant Business h’lziiiagers
liiiii‘ii SAUNDERS, ’23
Annie Olson, ’24
Associale lCditors
llllktl’l‘llY l)i\i\'(il{l€i\l0Nll, ’23
[Nuns liU'l‘LER, '23
Dorothy \’. licnnit, ’24
Reporters
Minimum BAYLiiss, ’24

Kinsman Kunu,

.‘ (i Noam,
llEl N ORR, ’24
.\ii'i<ii~;i. \Vsiiizii, ’25

PEDAGOGUE 1922
. Each year the senior class pub-
lishes a year book, the Pedagoguc,
and each year this college book of
books has been the record not only
of the particular class that brings it
into being but also the story of the
activities of all the other classes as
wellI—of all the college. We know
that '23 in her guardianship of Peda-
gogue, in this her senior year, will
preserve this tradition and make her
book the dearest possission of every
State College man or girl — until his
senior year when he comes to work
for his own Pcd.

Those of us who have bought. a
Pod every year have come to realize
more and more as time goes on how
fortunate we are. When you ﬁnd
yourself a senior you come to see
that it is the college, your Alma
Mater, that really counts. Your
class is dear to you, and you ~are
glad to havo the pictures and doings
of each of her members before you
in your Pcd. But above all, you are
glad to look back through your four
Pods and ﬁnd there the pictured faces
and the stories of the pe_oplc you
knew in College. There Will be the
seniors you looked up to in your
freshman year, the juniors, who for
the ﬁrst few weeks of school meant
State College to you, and the sopho-
mores whom you liked despite their
brave show of disdain for you.

Pedagogue publishes all sorts of
things about the faculty — from their
pictures and their stock Jokes. In
your Pcd will be preserved forever
for you the picture of the prof you
adored as a freshman——or longer.
0f the instructor you feared and for
whom you ground out reams of deep
“ stuff,” and the professor that meant
to you all that State itself is.

Pcdagogue is truly your book,
your record book for 19224923.

_,., Wm»-i._.w-wc..

much vigor and much more often than m

its Alma Mater. We do not want to
use our Alma Mater every time we
wish to express our feeling. “ The
College of the Empire State ” is just
the song for such occasions.

What if the tune of our Alma
Mater is borrowed; so is Cornell’s
and probably other colleges. Besides,
if it is so “ unsingablc,” is there any
danger that another college or group
of students will use it?

9 must not act rashly on this
question, or we will have the con-
fusion of a few years ago repeated.
Everybody, stop ﬁve minutes and
think it over! Furthermore, before
we take the ﬁnal step and reject our

they made Lip absurd laws of their

necessarily mean greater in fame, we
mean greater in college spirit and

own which made it diflicult for '26 greater in inter-class love—not
to decide which were soph rules and inter-class rivalry.
which traditions. So for a while the m so, freshmen, we earnestly

 

frosli, unwittineg broke traditions,
thinking only to defy the sophomores.
And then when the big brothers and
sisters interfered these little t'rcslv
men did a, foolish thing. They said
that the family was all against them,
that they alone had college spirit,
and that seniors and juniors, “so-
culled upper-classmen,” were trying
to kill that college spirit. Oh, ‘26,
think, “Only the fact that you are

class of the future.
and make that senior class greater
than all preceding senior classes!

ask you to boost your college by

praising it, not by knocking it, and

among your services let an obedience
to college traditions and a respect for

your college rank first. You present
freshmen class will make the senior
Begin early then

We, a rival class, feel sure you can.
You have the numbers, you have the

very new members of State can make strength, you have the ability. we
us forgive you that." Seniors, to challenge you to try! -
whom you owe respect, who have

learned for four years how to love —’25

 

 

Alma Mater, let us hear from the
alumni.
——'24. l

 

 

ANSWERS T0 -" LACK OF COL-
LEGE SPIRIT "

” The youth of the nation judge
too rashly." This applies to colleges?
as well as to nations.

A good sport never squeals. :

College spirit has been handed“
down through centuries. It cannot!
well be changed by one freshman. It
is not essentially acted or spoken.
It just is.

He that talks most about his
worldly possessions usually has them

not.
“ Live and learn.”
—’23.

 

Once upon a time a great many
little freshmen came to State College
and found our Minerva waiting to
greet them with her wise motherly
welcome just as she has stood wait-
ing and welcoming her new children
every September for many years.
And they found waiting there besides
her all the other members of the col-
lege family, into which they were
being joyfully adopted. The ﬁrst
new relatives who met them and
tried to make them feel at home were
the juniors, their big sisters who
helped them ﬁnd good boarding

laces, took them to social ail’airs,
introduced them to the faculty, and
helped to make them a real class by
givmg them the blue and white, which
not so long ago had been the symbol
of their big sister class. And be-
cause the juniors were proud of their
little brothers and sisters and anxious
that they prove themselves worthy of
Alma Mater, they planned to keep
watch over the freshmen that none of
them should know the sinking feeling

 

that comes in January or June, when

 

the report card shows a big black E.

and honor our college and who are
looking to you to carry on these tra-
ditions that are the private property
of Minerva~ are they trying to kill
your college spirit? And juniors,
your own sister—class, so proud of
you, so eager to see you grow up a
wise, respected, happy class——who
have done and are doing all in their
power to give you what they have
grown to cherish as true college
spirit—think again, ’26. before you
say that you alone have college
spirit and that we would take it from
you. Oh, be wise and humble, ’26,
love State College, keep traditions,
ﬁght the sophomores, and make us as
proud of you as we want to be;24

 

Where were you, junior sisters
that you did not, regardless of your
sisterly relationship to the freshmen.
help the sophomores enforce a college
tradition Friday? Where were you,
seniors, lovers and rcspectors of
Y. S. C. ’l‘. that you allowed the class
of ’26 to violate its sacred traditions?
Of course, we could expect nothing
better from the freshmen than an
attempt to force their way through
the front door, thus breaking our
sacred laws, for after all they are
only freshmen and, as freshmen, have
not yet learned to distinguish between
college tradition and sophomore rules,l
between college spirit and elassi
rivalry. Help us, upper classmen. to
make the freshmen realize that
sophomore rules were made to break,
but college tradition were made to
keep. Help us, juniors and seniors,
by your co—operation in defending
State’s traditions, traditions made by
our respected and dignified Myskania,
to show the freshmen that State has
college spirit, u college spirit that will
defend and cherish its traditions, even
at the expense of sacriﬁcing the love
of a sister class. We sophomores
have heard that certain l'i'eslinien ll("i

 

The member of theclass of ’26 who
wrote the article with the worn-out
title “College Spirit " last week evi-
dently nourished a grievance. He
urges all upper classmcn to refrain
from treating the poor misused fresh-
man so badly, to put aside all “ treas-
urcd convictions ” and to cease all
inter-class rivalry.

hen a freshman enters State he
does not come with the idea of be-
coming a perfect grind. He hopes
also to ﬁnd a little fun, and be rather
likes active rivalry and excitement to
counter act the deadening effect of
an overdose of math. and history. if
the so-called “upper-classmen " are
able to kill the spirit of the frosh "

’ so easily, a frosli should be ashamed

to admit it. If they have any con-
tempt for the green freshman, it is
quite easily discerned when one howls
so loudly at his treatment. As for

' college spirit, we fail to see just how

class rivalry affects it.

When a vicious soph puts blue
calcimine all over our hitherto un-
blemished countenances, are we, the
class of ’26, aim; to pout and say
We “won’t pay?” Why can’t we
turn about and show the sophs we
are made of worth-while stuff. that
we can take a joke, and that we don’t
run right home to “ momma.” If we
are so badly abused, we might at
least stand up and take it, instead of
accusing the entire student body of
lack of college spirit. That par-
ticular literary member of ’26 seems
to forget that the sophs of S. C. '1‘.
haze frosh less than they do in other
colleges, and that without a few
“Get Mad Meetings, " we would be
apt to fancy ourselves members of a
select boarding school for young
ladies, instead of full—fledged frosli of

tute College. V

——'2ii

 

9-.....mc..- ..

