 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER l2, l922

Page Three

 

FOOTBALL PROSPECTS GOOD

Coach Snavety Asks [Or More Sup-
‘port from Student Body

State College is lilessed with better
material this year than for several years
past. This is particularly true as re-
gards liaseliall and football. Last year
We didn't have enough men for a team.
This year we have enough, none to
spare, hitt enough. ()iii‘ prospects would
he much helter if we had an even more
thorough response. There are still two
or three men around college who aren't
out for the team, liiit who should he.
This week Landon and Crawford made
their appearance and lightened the
enach‘s task eonsiderahli'. The regular—
ity of practice is still helow what it
should he, hat is iiiipi'oviiig.

The schedule is practically complete.
it includes two home games and three
away. The prospect of winning,I is du-
liioiis. .-\ll of State's opponents have the
lienelit of y ot experience and ade-
quate seriiiim :e. liut the real draw~
hack is the ahseiiee of support hy the
Student ltody. \\i- haven't seen any of
the students uatrhiiig’ a single praetiee.
l‘tllllllL‘llll >1ipptirl you give, liiit the real
need ts loyaltv to the team, (all it en,
thusiasni, lieing a sport, college spirit.
it you like. It is that intangilile some-
thing" that makes collegi- worth while.
lliat Iiiakes the runner light desperately
for_the last ltlt‘ll or lllt'dt‘ﬂlll throw liaek
their opponents \\‘llll its last tllttlt‘t' oi
strength when their goal line is threat-
ened. When we get it, we'll have win-
ning teams, lietter students, an t‘llllltlSk
astie faeiilty. lietter times when we
dance. excursion or sit in the lileachers.
When we get it St'ite will he more it: its
than line liiiilding's. It means putting the
college tii'st and \'tlllll‘St‘lf seeoiid. it
means a little, saeriliee many times. It
means henig pi sent at the games, eii-
eouraeiii'r strict lraiiinig’, sending that
athlete home at ltl l'. .\ It means
(.etting‘ l'iehind your team, not in front
of it.

 

 

 

lleeker and Smith, who suffered
minor hruises iii scrimmage last week,
are again readr to play.

CHEMISTRY CLUB

~'l‘lie first tllt‘t'lltlL‘, of the Chemistry
Chili was held Friday. (letolier (i, in
RUM“ 250. ;\fter discussing some
litisiness propositions. we were enter-
tained with current topics.

liiiiilv l’ieldiiie told alioiit a new rhem~
it'ai formula for dentifrice. which, if
tlr't‘ll proper protttises to save us many
painful vis s to the dentist. llillie
lleineniailn considered it lter duty to
tell us how to take care of the rest oi
tiiir anatomy. Rather humei'oi 'l‘
nevertheless as’ “dly, she pi '
the use of cillti'tltll >1llis‘lllll:’L’€ for all
ills. .\|ildred Smith explained one of
liiiis‘e'n's newest theories, \\lllt‘lt pre-
diets tl:e end of the uorld niueli ~‘titiltet‘
than we expert.

  

 

     

The first of a series of' Saturday hikes
was i'tiiidttrteil liy (Dr. lloiiglas Saturday
afternoon. when hilt,“ link a party (if
liiologi stiide'ils through the woods in
liaek of the ("oiiiitrv L‘luli, The first part
of the trip was spent examining way 'de
plant life, and the last part in a good
swinging walk, which gave even the rain
a pleastiralile aspect. Similar walks are
going to ltt' taken every other Saturday
all year for the ltt‘llt'lil of liioliigy iiiajrirs

 

and minors and those taking advaiieed'

work in the department.

 

 

’ROUND THE C OLLECE

 

 

lleleii Goldsmith, ‘21, and Sophia

F..._M_. . .._

eh...“

pledge Ineinhei'.

 

-3. was the day night at the llelta Omega house.
l’lii over the Gertrude llitssy, ' , was a guest 0
the Delta ()iiiegzi house Friday night.

Katherine Drnry. ’22, spent Wednes-

PSI GAMMA

Miss Mabel Talmadge, ’1], was a ditt-
iier guest at P31 Gamma Monday even-
mg.

Psi Gamma welcomes Ruth Ellis, '24,

~ Gamma Chapter, Kappa Delta Rho, “H0111”mtmbﬁl‘SllltL
“USN-“T‘t’n I,” ﬁ'fl‘ 0" “‘0 “WHY 0‘ welcomes liliner Stalilman, '25, as a _
the Alliany High School.

lita of Alpha Epsilon l’hi welcomes
lCdytli Sherman, ’20. back at State.

Nellie l’ieldniiiu, e.\
guest of Alpha Epsilon
week-end.

State College

f Cafeteria
Luncheon or dinner I2:00—l:00

 

 

j
3

 

 

 

 

F‘7’1M GIL/IEF’Y

DE "JGNE'TB '—

ﬁll

 

 

 

 

 

‘6

WORD

MONGERS’hnd

“C HATTE RING BARBERS”

“Word mongeré” and “chattering harbors,” Gilbert called

 

 General

' 0545.14 II D
a

V

those of his predecessors who asserted that a wound made
bv a magnetized izecdlc was painless, that a magnet Will
attract silver, that: the diamond will draw iron, that the
magnet thirsts and dies in the absence ofiron, that a magnet,
pulverized and taken with sweetened water, Will cure
headaches and prevent fat.

Before Gilbert died in 1603, he had done much to explain
magnetism and electricity through experiment. He found
that by hammering iron held in a magnetic meridian it can
be magnetized, He discovered that the compass needle is
controlled by the earth’s magnetism and that one magnet
can romagnetize another that has lost its power. He noted
the common electrical attraction of rubbed bodies, among
them diamonds, as well as glass, crystals, and stones, and
was the first to study electricity as a distinct force.

“Not in books, but in things themselves, look for knowl—
edge," he shouted. This man helped to revolutionize methods
of thinkingwhclpcd to make electricity what it has become.
His fellow men were little concerned with him and his expert-
mcnts. "Will Queen Elizabeth marry—and whom?” they
were asking.

Elizabeth's ﬂirtatious mean little to us. Gilbert’s method
ans much It is the method that has made modem
, CtrtCltV what it has become. the method which enabled
the {escaich Laboratories of the General Electric Com-
pany to discover new electrical principles now applied in
transmitting power for hundreds of miles, in lighting homes
electrically. in aiding phvsicians With the X-rays, in freeing
ciVilization from drudgery.

  

 

(jencral ({[ftce ,Schtnzctady.MY.

Elecftric '-

ID

 

