AlbAny Student PreSS

albanystudentpress.netThe Albany Student Press Corporation

 Tuesday, May 5, 2015 - Issue 22

Since 1916

Crime Blotter

Suspicious face 
washer escapes

See page 2

Opinions

Editor-in-Chief takes 
her final bow

See page 3

Sports

Men’s Lacrosse wins 
America East 
Championship

See page 12

A & E

Wombats hit The 
Hollow Bar + Kitchen

See page 5

Follow us on                                  @albstudentpress

In Brief 

Stress Less UAlbany @ Your 
Libraries
5/6/2015 - 5/12/2015 
8 p.m. - 6 a.m.
University Library 
The University Library will 
provide jigsaw, word, Sudoku, 
and crossword puzzles, as 
well as board games, on the 
first floor, north side. Check 
the library’s website for other 
stress-relieving events during 
finals. 

Community Resilience, Recov-
ery and Preparedness
5/7/2015 
8:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.
Empire State Plaza Convention 
Center 
The NYS Division of Homeland 
Security and Emergency Servic-
es’ (DHSES) State Preparedness 
Training Center (SPTC) will 
present a policy colloquium 
that will discuss the association 
between resilience, recovery 
and preparedness framed as 
community resilience.

Albany Tulip Fest
5/9/2015
11 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Washington Park
Albany’s annual Tulip Festival 
will feature performances from  
Flagship, Joywave, and The 
Kooks. 

Weekly 
Weather Forecast
Wednesday 5/6

Partly Cloudy
High 79°F
Thursday 5/7

Mostly Sunny
High 80°F
Friday 5/8

Sunny
High 83°F
Saturday 5/9

PM Thunderstorms
High 82°F
Sunday 5/10

Showers
High 80°F
Monday 5/11

Light Rain
High 78°F

From the NWS

   
   On International Worker’s Day, 
which falls on May Day (May 1) 
each year, University at Albany 
faculty gathered outside the 
Campus Center to raise aware-
ness about the 
plight of contin-
gent faculty and 
staff at universi-
ties across the 
United States.
   “The biggest 
thing [we need] 
is pay equity with 
full-time lectur-
ers,” Rebekah 
Tolley, an adjunct 
in the art depart-
ment at UAlbany, 
said. “As one of 
my colleagues 
says, ‘you can’t 
eat lockers.’” 
   She was screen-
ing T-shirts at the 
table that read, 
“our teaching 
conditions are 
student learning 
conditions.” 
   The rally was 
held by the Con-
tingent Concerns 
Committee of the 
United University 
Professors (UUP) 
at UAlbany, the 
union for State 
University of New 
York faculty and staff. 
   Tolley said she hopes that 
tabling and holding rallies like 
this will help the issue “get more 

visibility” with students.
   “Students should ask where 
their tuition money is going,” she 
said.
   Tolley will teach one class 
at UAlbany in the fall, which 
means she won’t qualify for 
healthcare from the university. 
To make ends meet, she’ll also 

commute to SUNY Oneonta to 
teach. In the past, she said, she’s 
commuted to Massachusetts to 
teach a class. 
   The university currently has 

a separate committee, led by 
Provost James Stellar, investigat-
ing the issue of contingency with 
hopes to propose solutions. Stel-
lar said they expect to put out a 
public report sometime at the end 
of this semester or at the begin-
ning of the summer. 
   Some contingent faculty aren’t 
getting too hopeful too 
soon.
   “The concern is that 
the university com-
mittee on contingency 
won't get down to the 
root of the problem: 
insufficient pay, ben-
efits, and job security...  
Without addressing 
these working and liv-
ing conditions in a real 
way, students' learn-
ing conditions will be 
negatively impacted," 
Vincent Commisso, 
an adjunct professor 
in the political science 
department, said. 
   While the univer-
sity committee may 
make recommenda-
tions addressing these 
problems, he said, 
it is ultimately up to 
UAlbany to enact any 
tangible changes. 
   The president of 
UAlbany’s UUP 
chapter, Bret Benja-
min, however, remains 
optimistic while waiting 
for the results.  
   “While no committee 
is going to be a fix-it, cure-all 
answer,” he said, “I applaud the 
university for taking the issue 
with the seriousness it deserves.”

By Madeline St. aMour
Incoming Managing Editor
production.asp@gmail.com

May Day 
UAlbany adjuncts rally for awareness

Photo by Madeline St. Amour
A member of the Contingent Concerns Committee of UUP 
created posters for students and faculty to take. Each had a 
fact about life as an adjunct professor.

High tech helps 
serve higher purpose

   Students from a physical com-
puting class in the informatics 
department demonstrated their 
final projects at the CCI show-
case held in the Campus Center 
Ballroom last Wednesday, April 
29. The theme for the project was 
accessibility and disability. Some 
of the students designed custom-
made prosthetic hands, made 

with 3-D printing technology as 
part of the e-NABLE project. 
   Students donated four hands 
with the e-NABLE project last 
semester. The project is an open 
source online community that 
has designs available to 3-D print 
prosthetic hands.

All photos by Michelle Checchi

   As the year draws to a close, so 
do some of the workings of the 
Student Association. 
   At its meeting on April 23 at 
1:03 a.m., SA passed their budget 
for the 2015-2016 school year. It 
also delivered news about Dip-
pikill, the SA-owned wilderness 
retreat, at the meeting.

A New Arrival at Dippikill
   Dippikill is a private wilderness 
retreat owned by the Student As-
sociation. The site is only open 
to students, alumni, and affili-
ates of the University at Albany. 
Dippikill has approximately 863 
acres of land, with nine rentable 
buildings present on the camp-
site. It is also home to a 20-acre 
pond and an ice-skating rink. The 
newest addition to the Dippikill 
campsite, called Julie’s Lodge, 
will be 4,000 square feet, and has 
a hopeful 2016 completion date. 
Unlike the other cabins on the 
site, which only have outhouses, 
Julie’s Lodge will have an indoor 
plumbing system.

Programming
   The Programming Depart-
ment’s 2015-2016 budget stands 
at $459,000. $290,000 was al-
located to concerts, $150,000 to 
Speaker Series, and $10,000 will 
go toward the annual SA Block 
Party. $4,000 was added to the 
department for senior portraits 
and $5,000 will go toward 
smaller events that the depart-
ment hosts throughout the year.

Senator Stipends
   There was a lengthy discussion 
regarding the implementation of 
senator stipends during the bud-
get meeting. Sen. Beroro Efekoro 
said too much money is going 
to stipends for e-board members 
and department directors. He 
argued that senators, who commit 
large amounts of time to SA, 

deserve stipends as well. 
   Senate Vice-Chair Stanley 
De La Cruz pointed out that 
the stipends currently in place 
for UAlbany’s SA are far lower 
than the stipends received by 
student government officials at 
other schools. Chief Justice Nick 
Butler added that the current 
stipends are too low to reflect the 
countless hours that department 
directors commit to SA.
   Efekoro motioned to give 
senators a $100 stipend, which 
would add $9,400 to the stipend 
line, but the motion failed in a 
vote. However, $800 was added 
to the stipend line for the senate 
secretary. 
    The total stipend line for 
the 2015-2016 school year is 
$47,150.

Men’s Rugby
   During the initial budget meet-
ing, the Men’s Rugby team was 
removed from the budget. This 
was due to the fact that the team 
was not eligible to be included in 
the budget since the team had no 
money in its account. To rectify 
this, the rugby team needed to 
return to SA to ask for funding. 
When the team returned to SA 
during the second budget meet-
ing, SA added $1 to the rugby 
account, thus making the team 
eligible to be included in the 
budget. The rugby budget was 
reinstated and currently stands at 
$11,145.

Appropriations
   There is a total of $85,000 in 
the Appropriations Line for the 
2015-2016 school year. The Ap-
propriations Line contains funds 
that SA can distribute to student 
groups.

New Leadership
   On Wednesday, April 29, Jarius 
Jemmott was sworn in as the new 
SA president, and Kevin Murphy 
was sworn in as vice president. 

By KaSSie PariSi
Incoming Editor-in-Chief
asp_online@hotmail.com

SA passes budget as 
year comes to a close

By Michelle checchi
Outgoing Editor-in-Chief
asp_online@hotmail.com


         Tuesday, May 5, 2015AlbAny Student

 P

reSS

2

albany.edu/summer

2015

Flexible 4 and 6-week sessions • Online course options available
Registration begins March 23, 2015 and is ongoing

Sessions begin May 26, 2015 
and run throughout the summer

CheCk a SubjeCt 
4/24/2015
Downtown CampuS - Draper 
hall 
CheCk a SubjeCt - report of a 

SuSpiCiouS male waShing faCe 

in Sink in men’S room. gone 

upon arrival.

perSonS annoying 
4/25/2015
Colonial QuaD - herkimer 
hall 
male SubjeCt unDer alCohol 

impairment entereD a Dorm 

room CauSing a DiSturbanCe. 
SubjeCt unable to ContaCt hiS 

hoSt. aDviSeD to SpenD night 

at hotel until he CoulD make 

ContaCt with hiS hoSt.

aSSiSt reS life 
4/25/2015
liberty terraCe - lt South 
report of two female 

roommateS in verbal DiSpute. 
a CeaSe anD DeSiSt orDer to be 

iSSueD.

meDiCal inCiDent 
4/25/2015 
alumni QuaD - waterbury 
hall 
report of two male StuDentS 

unreSponSive poSSibly Due to 

alCohol. both tranSporteD 

to hoSpital by 5QuaD. one 

StuDent waS founD to have 
opiateS in SyStem whiCh he 

StateS he DiD not willingly 

take.

CriSiS intervention 
4/25/2015 
DutCh QuaD - StuyveSant 
tower 
report of DepreSSeD male 

StuDent attempting SuiCiDe 

by taking pillS. StuDent alSo 

haD laCerationS to both 

armS. StuDent given phone 

numberS to miDDle earth anD 
CriSiS CounSeling Center. 
tranSporteD to hoSpital by 
5QuaD.

title iX referral 
4/25/2015 
other - off-CampuS 
report of intoXiCateD female 

StuDent at an off CampuS 

party haD her pantS pulleD 

Down anD Shirt anD bra lifteD 

eXpoSing her breaSt by a 

male StuDent. She DoeS not 

believe that She waS touCheD 

in a SeXual manner. StuDent 

DoeS not want to purSue 

Criminal or juDiCial ChargeS. 
She wanteD to have aCCeSS to 
CampuS CounSeling ServiCeS.

petit larCeny 
4/25/2015
pe CompleX - SefCu arena 
report of apparent forCeD 

entry to merChanDiSe Store. 
laptop Computer anD two 

water bottleS Stolen. power 
plant notifieD to SeCure 

broken Door.

take into CuStoDy mentally 
ill perSon likely to harm 
Someone 
4/25/2015 
alumni QuaD - alDen hall
report of intoXiCateD male 

StuDent being aggreSSive 

with reS life Staff. Damage 

to hallway anD StuDentS 

room waS obServeD. blooD 

waS obServeD on StuDentS 

heaD anD hanD. StuDent waS 

behaving in a manner that 

woulD likely reSult in harm 

to Self. arreSteD for Same. 
tranSporteD to hoSpital by 
5QuaD.

Criminal miSChief 3rD: 
Damage another’S property-
amount>$250 
4/25/2015
pe CompleX - pe builDing 
report of a DamageD Door. 
loCking meChaniSm waS 

DamageD. power plant waS 

notifieD. Door waS not able to 

be SeCureD. key Shop to aSSeSS 

the Damage.

Criminal miSChief - 3rD 
4/26/2015 
inDian QuaD - Cayuga hall 
report of a broken winDow 

poSSibly by either punChing 

or hitting it with an objeCt. 
unable to Determine a 

potential SuSpeCt. power 
plant waS notifieD.

Criminal obStruCtion 
breathing/blooD CirCulation 
- apply preSSure 
4/26/2015 
State QuaD - whitman hall 
report of three male StuDentS 

in a fight. one male StuDent 

allegeDly SlappeD anD ChokeD 

one of the other StuDentS. 
arreSteD for Same. reS life 

faCilitateD a meeting between 

the three StuDentS.

CheCk a SubjeCt 
4/26/2015
other - uab 
report of three StuDentS 

poSSibly taking a grounDS 

vehiCle for a joy riDe. 
unfounDeD.

welfare CheCk 
4/26/2015
DutCh QuaD - bleeker hall 
report of ConCerneD parent 

reCeiving a teXt meSSage 

from Daughter. parent 

ConCerneD about the laCk of 

reSponSe. StuDent waS loCateD 

anD StateD that teXt waS a 

miSCommuniCation.

CheCk a SubjeCt 
4/27/2015 
pe CompleX - pe builDing 
report of a SuSpiCiouS male 

SubjeCt.

aSSiSt a perSon 
4/27/2015
roaDwayS - waShington 
avenue 
report of roaD rage. 

perSonS annoying 
4/28/2015 
pe CompleX - laCroSSe fielD 
report of people Climbing 

fenCe to aCCeSS the fielD.

Criminal poSSeSSion of 
marijuana- 5th Degree: 
publiC plaCe
4/28/2015 
Colonial QuaD - CQ grounDS 
four male StuDentS founD to 

be in poSSeSSion of marijuana. 
all four to be referreD. 
Due to previouS ContaCt for 

Similar inCiDent two were 

arreSteD for Same.

CriSiS intervention 
4/28/2015
inDian QuaD - iQ grounDS 
report of ConCerneD parent 

that her Son threateneD to 

kill himSelf. StuDent waS 

loCateD anD voluntary agreeD 

to Speak with Someone at 
albany meD. tranSporteD to 

hoSpital by 5QuaD.

CriSiS intervention 
4/28/2015 
State QuaD - SQ offiCe 
report of a female StuDent 

who iS poSSibly SuiCiDal. 
mobile CriSiS waS CalleD 

to evaluate StuDent. it waS 

DetermineD that StuDent waS 

not a threat anD waS aDviSeD 

how to get help in the future.

maintenanCe problem 
4/28/2015
Downtown CampuS - huSteD 
hall 
no way to Speak to inDiviDualS 

in the elevator if they preSS 

the emergenCy button. power 
plant notifieD.

aSSiSt a perSon 
4/29/2015
poDium - CampuS Center 
report of a poSSible violent 

aCtion to oCCur Due to a 

Stabbing the night before. 
information relayeD to Ciu.

unlawful poSSeSSion of 
marijuana 
4/29/2015 
other - Chapel houSe
SiX male anD 3 female 

StuDentS founD to be in 

poSSeSSion of marijuana. all 

to be referreD. one StuDent 

waS arreSteD for Same.

CheCk a SubjeCt 
4/29/2015
poDium - SoCial SCienCe 
male StuDent anD female 

StuDent in a reporteD 

alterCation. male StuDent 

followeD female StuDent anD 

ContinueD yelling anD making 

her unComfortable. male 

StuDent haS a known mental 

illneSS. after DiSCuSSion male 

waS aDviSeD anD DiD leave the 

area.

perSonS annoying 
4/29/2015
State QuaD - melville hall 
report of a female StuDent 

reCeiving a DiSturbing but 

not DireCtly threatening 
faCebook meSSage.

fire 
4/30/2015 
poDium - ChemiStry 
fire - Due to an eXperiment 

overheating anD CauSing 

a fire. ChemiCal fire 

eXtinguiSher waS able to 

put out fire. power plant to 

replaCe fire eXtinguiSher.

Students’ health drink 
startup continues to grow 

   
   Luke Evans and Marc Iskan-
dar, the two young entrepreneurs 
of the super-food health drink 
ChugaChaga, recently placed 
first in the Capital Region semi-
finals of the New York Business 
Plan Competition (NYBPC), 
winning a 3-foot-tall trophy.
   Evans (CEO and CFO) and 
Iskandar (president), along with 
Adam Kaiser, head of marketing 
and sales, received a bronze cup-
shaped trophy while standing in 
front of the judges and audience 
in the CERN Building of the 
College of Nanoscale Science 

and Engineering in Albany. 
   “We immediately poured some 
chaga in it and started taking 
some swigs out of the trophy,” 
Iskandar said.
   The University at Albany 
students and founders of Chuga-
Chaga advanced to the final 
round of the competition, which 
took place on April 24. They 
competed against nine other New 
York state regions and came in 
third in the products and services 
track. 
   The contest was broken into 
six tracks where the companies 
pitched their business plans for 
10 minutes to a panel of entre-

preneurs and business experts, 
followed by five minutes for 
questions and answers. The 
tracks were information technol-
ogy/software, biotechnology/
healthcare, energy/sustainability, 
nanotechnology/advanced tech-
nology, social entrepreneurship/
non-profit and products/services. 
   Some of the other business 
pitches came from sustainabil-
ity company LuxOrion, ACV 
Metrology, and a bioseed engi-
neering program out of Cornell 
University called UMA Bioseed, 
which placed first overall in the 
competition. The Cornell Uni-
versity team received $100,000 
in funding at the sixth annual 
NYBPC.

   ChugaChaga’s pitch changed 
from the semifinal round to the 
final round, Iskandar said. They 
addressed the issue of sustain-
ability in chaga, a super-food 
mushroom that grows on birch 
trees, and said through their 
calculations there is an estimated 
1.3 billion pounds of chaga on 
the planet. 
   “We reiterated the point that 
that gives us more than enough 
potential for the next three years 
of development and at that point 
we’ll have the resources to hire a 
scientist or botanist who will be 
able to cultivate chaga and keep 
us on the cutting edge of our 

market,” Iskandar said. 
    Evans and Iskandar have been 
working closely throughout the 
year with Bill Brigham, director 
of UAlbany’s School of Busi-
ness. They were also enrolled in 
the Small Enterprise Economic 
Development (SEED) program. 
The SEED program, hosted 
by the School of Business and 
SEFCU, consists of a few small 
business entrepreneurs who go 
over business plans in classes 
every Monday.
   Other companies in the pro-
gram include a grocery and mis-
cellaneous delivery service and a 
medical supply transport service 
for Veterans Affairs that only em-
ploys veterans. Evans explained 
that beginning the 
first week of June 
each business will 
begin pitching their 
plans to representa-
tives of SEFCU to 
potentially be loaned 
$35,000. 
   ChugaChaga also 
won the Patashnick 
Entrepreneurship 
Challenge sum-
mer stipend. Har-
vey Patashnick is a 
UAlbany alum who 
conducted ground-
breaking research in 
particle measuring. 
He has since started 
up a company that 
was sold off to a 
Fortune 500 com-
pany and then set 
up an organization 
awarding stipends to 
small companies for 
summer research. The 
stipend has yet to be disclosed.  
   ChugaChaga also has a 
gofundme.com page to raise 
money.
   The plan from there, Evans 
said, is to begin production. 
They’ve already contracted a 
company based in Albany to 
produce the glass bottles for the 
beverages, as well as a produc-
tion and co-packing company 
based in Wayne, N.J. to bottle the 
drink. 
   If all goes according to plan, 
the entrepreneurial duo of 
ChugaChaga is looking to begin 
bottling in June or July of 2015. 

By Nick Muscavage
Staff Writer
theaspnews@gmail.com

Photo by Nick Muscavage 
The founders of ChugaChaga came in third in the final round of the Capital 
Region New York Business Plan Competition. 

The news doesn’T sTop in The summer. piTch 

your ideas and send sTories To Theaspnews@

gmail.com, and check for updaTes on The 
asp’s TwiTTer and facebook. 


3

AlbAny Student

 P

reSS

 Tuesday, May 5, 2015

OPiniOnS

The Albany Student Press is published Tuesdays from Septem-
ber through May by the Albany Student Press Corporation, an in-
dependent, not-for-profit organization. Advertisements, as well as 
letter and column content, do not necessarily reflect the opinion of 
the ASP staff. The Albany Student Press is a registered trademark 
of the Albany Student Press Corporation which has exclusive rights 
to any materials herein.
Content in the opinions section does not necessarily reflect that 
of the Albany Student Press editors, or staff. All unsigned editorials 
are written with the approval of the editorial board.
Contact the Albany Student Press for information about 
advertising and publication schedules:
Newsroom: Campus Center 326
E-mail: asp.advertising@gmail.com
www.albanystudentpress.net

Michelle checchi, Outgoing Editor-in-Chief
Kassie Parisi, Incoming Editor-in-Chief 
Madeline st. aMour, Managing Editor
Janie FranK,  News Editor 
Julia day, A&E Editor
anthony doMinguez, Assistant A&E Editor
aaron cheris, Sports Editor
Kevin Mercado, Opinions Editor
Kyle PlasKe, Copy Shrimp
ada Mbogu, Copy Editor 
Keith heeseMann, Business Manager
era bushati, Web Editor
nia sanders, Web Editor
nicole wallacK, Web Editor

AlbAny Student

 P

reSS

   

   Last week, I talked to my 18-year-old brother on 
the phone. He joined the Army right out of high 
school, and he’s currently based in Texas. So un-
fortunately, he won’t be able to make it to Albany 
to see me walk the stage at graduation. 
   As I’m talking to him about just how fast the past 
four years have gone, he asks me a question so 
straightforward and innocent that I couldn’t contain 
my laughter. 
   “Was it fun?” he asked me. I could hear him grin-
ning over the phone. 
   My teenage brother hasn’t been to college and 
can’t even legally have a beer, but the guy wakes 
up at 4:30 a.m. every day and shoots army-grade 
weapons. For him, hearing about the fun is very 
important.
   One of my mentors told me to make this editorial 
count. So I think that’s what I’d like to write about: 
making it count. 
   Sunday evenings at 12 a.m., while most of my 
peers (and fellow humans in general) were toeing 
around their homes or dorms in pajamas, I was 
padding around the third floor of Campus Center, 
oftentimes also in my socks. 
   After working on the newspaper for a few hours, 
I’d usually take a break to walk around the halls, 
which were ghostly quiet at that time of night. I’d 
pace back and forth and stare out the windows at 
the colored lights going through their cyclical pat-
terns in the fountain. 
   Sunday nights the campus is very quiet. 
   It’s hard to look back on the past four years and 
sum it up in a few hundred words, but I like to 
think that I made it count. I think that this can often 
be the biggest challenge, in so many aspects of life.
   When you know you have another year or two of 
college left, it doesn’t matter if you take advantage 
of an opportunity, because you always have next 

year. Or even next month, or next week.
   Well, for myself and the other members of the 
2015 graduating class, we’re down to our last 
handfuls of tomorrows to make it count. 
   But, luckily for us, that’s just for this chapter. 
So I’d like to remind myself, and the other mem-
bers of the 2015 graduating class, that, as we go 
forward down these different wayward roads, we 
really do have to remember to make it count.
   At events like your college graduation, you get 
slapped in the face with a reminder of how quickly 
“it” goes. It’s life giving you a wake up call, paging 
the building and seeing if you’re home.
   I’m lucky enough to have the medium of the ASP 
to write a final collegiate manifesto. After the last 
four years of work I’ve put into the paper, it’s one 
of the few physical things I’ve gotten in return, in 
this mostly thankless endeavor. 
   I’d like to thank my colleagues on the paper for 
working with me (otherwise known as “dealing 
with me”) for the past four years, and for allowing 
me to lead them for the past 12 months. 
   I’d like to thank all of the friends and mentors 
I met along the way, for shaping (for better or for 
worse) who I’ve become over the course of the 
past four years.
   Ninety-nine years ago, when the Albany Student 
Press was in it’s first year of existence, the world 
was a very different place. The ASP is older than 
you or I, and has carried the precursors to thou-
sands of adult lives in its pages.
   Congratulations to my fellow graduates. To quote 
Elle Woods: “We did it!”
   And yes, to answer your question David - it was 
fun.

But often, in the world’s most crowded streets,
But often, in the din of strife,
There rises an unspeakable desire
After the knowledge of our buried life;
“The Buried Life”
Matthew Arnold, 1852

By Michelle checchi
Outgoing Editor-in-Chief
asp_online@hotmail.com

… Four years later

        

   My mother always told me to 
reach for the sky and never let 
anything hold me down. She 
always encouraged me to fol-
low my dreams and be the best 
person that I can be. She pro-
vided guidance whenever I was 
lost or scared. She provided love 
whenever I yearned for affection. 
She provided hope whenever I 
lost mine and was too weak to 
believe in myself. 
   And now, a year and seven 
months after her passing, I still 
cling on to every word she has 
instilled in me as I get ready to 
embark on this new chapter of 
my life as a college graduate. 
   My childhood was filled with 
happy memories of my mother 
and myself. I remember when 
I was 3 years old, and we had 
just moved into our new house 
on Long Island and she and my 
father worked endlessly to turn 
an empty nest into our home.     
   My mother bought silk curtains 
from the flea market and put 
them on the windows. She also 
got a porcelain white china dish 
set and put the dishes into the 
new armoire in the dining room. 
I think she felt accomplished 
because she was able to buy her 
first home on the island so that 
her family could have a better 
life. I remember her going to 
work at the hospital every night 
and coming back early in the 
mornings to help my brother and 
I get ready for pre-school. 
   My mother encouraged me to 
be an avid reader and writer at 
an early age. She took me to the 
local library, where I got my first 
library card when I was 5 years 
old. It was then that my love 
affair with books and reading 
began to grow. I must have read 
a thousand books throughout my 
youth. I got lost in the stories of 
“Harry Potter,” “Clifford the Big 
Red Dog,” “An American Girl,” 
“Sweet Valley Kids,” “The Baby 
Sitters Club,” “Flowers in the At-
tic,” “Matilda,” “June B. Jones” 
and countless more. Every day 
after school, my mother would 

take me to the library and drop 
me off at the kids’ section, while 
she went downstairs to study 
for exams to earn her master’s 
degree in nursing. Through her, 
I learned that education is the 
ultimate tool toward success. 
   My mother gave me my very 
first journal when I was 10 years 
old. It was a blue and yellow 
hardcover notebook with pictures 
of stilettos on it and a gold brass 
lock. She told me to write to my 
heart’s content, and so I did. 
   I wrote about my awkwardness 
in school and how the other kids 
were bullying me in my class for 
being “different.” I wrote about 
how alone I felt because my 
brother was autistic and couldn’t 
talk to me the way other siblings 
could. I talked about how diffi-
cult it was to be a kid growing up 
with two strict Nigerian parents. 
I think my mother sensed that I 
had a rough time articulating my 
thoughts into words, and thought 
that the best thing for me to do to 
process my emotions was write 
them down. 
   My mother also taught me how 
to ride a bicycle. I laugh at this 
memory now because we were 
fighting that day. I did not want 
to learn how to ride because I 
was too afraid of falling. Because 
of my fear, I couldn’t play with 
other kids in the neighborhood. 
All the kids had these cool bi-
cycles and all I had was my pink 
and purple tricycle. 
   My mother, in her tenacious 
fashion, dragged my tricycle and 
me to the park and took off the 
training wheels. She urged me 
to hop on the bike, and when I 
said no, she carried my behind 
and plopped me on the bike and 
started pushing me. Reluctantly, 
I start pedaling. She told me she 
was going to let go, and when 
she did, I fell to the ground and 
scraped my knee. I looked at her 
and start whimpering, but she 
told me to wipe my tears and try 
again. I got back up, got on my 
bike, she pushed, and again I fell. 
The cycle continued well into the 
evening and even when I wanted 
to go home, she refused.  
   “We’re not going home until 
you learn how to ride that bike.” 

   And I did learn after a while. 
When my mom finally let go of 
me and I was riding my bike into 
the sunset, I felt so proud and 
accomplished. And I know my 
mom did, too. 
   It’s funny because I never ap-
preciated the love I had for my 
mother until she died. As I grew 
into a teenager, our relationship 
got strained. It was one of those 
instances where, as a bratty teen-
ager, you think that you hold all 
the answers and that your mom’s 
sole existence is to ruin your 
life. In retrospect, I think I was 
so foolish to not fully listen to 
my mother when she would give 
advice on boys, clothes, educa-
tion, and life as a black woman. 
It’s only now that I’m in my 20s 
that I finally begin to realize that 
my mother’s wisdom is the truth 
that I needed to hear. 
   My mother taught me so much. 
She taught me to how to love and 
nurture my family. She taught me 
how to be inquisitive, to speak 
my mind, and to always have a 
thirst for knowledge. She taught 
me how to love myself and treat 
myself like the queen I am. She 
taught me how to be indepen-
dent and not rely on a man or 
anyone else to take care of me.  
She taught me how to be strong, 
even when adversity is thrown 
my way and I don’t know how to 
deal with it. And most impor-
tantly, she taught me to be myself 
and to love my individuality. 
   I am 23 years old and my 
mother is no longer here with 
me. But I know that she would 
want me to be happy and to live 
my life to the fullest. 
   I am 23 years old and I am 
about to graduate from college. 
I have my whole life ahead of 
me and even though my mother 
is not here with me anymore, I 
will never forget the memories 
that we shared together. This is 
the time to celebrate not only 
my accomplishments as a young 
woman, but also the life that al-
lowed me to get this far. 

By AdA MBogu
Outgoing Copy Editor
asp.copyeditor@gmail.com

The sky is the limit

      

   The United States has been 
in war 222 years out of 239 
years since 1776. It is also the 
only country to develop nuclear 
weapons and actually use it dur-
ing war, with the bombings of 
Japanese cities Hiroshima and 
Nagasaki during World War II.
   “Today we urgently need a 
new, more fundamental approach 
to peace that can neutralize the 

very basis of terrorism and war,” 
John Hagelin, president of the 
Global Union of Scientists for 
Peace.
   This country’s fundamentals 
seem to lie in the act of retalia-
tion and sticking its nose where 
it does not belong. The United 
States knows that it is a lead-
ing country in the world and a 
superpower. It seems that it uses 
(and even abuses) the power it 
has by trying to be the mediator 
for other countries whose phi-
losophies do not align with those 
of the United States, or coun-
tries that seem to need the most 
assistance, whether or not they 
actually do.
   I was recently told that some-
times war is necessary, that 
sometimes when someone or 
some country is committing a 
terrorist crime, it is necessary to 
take action. I was told, “we can’t 
just stand by and let that hap-
pen.” 
   I completely agree. I agree that 
people who think it is okay to 

commit these foul crimes can-
not think that it is okay. I agree 
that something needs to be done 
about that. But I also think ap-
proaching situations with nuclear 
and armed weapons will most 
likely not make these situations 
any better.
   Enough is enough. This coun-
try has seen far more times of 
war than peace and we do not 
seem to be getting anywhere. 
There needs to be another solu-
tion.
   An act as simple as commu-

nication could be the difference 
between war and peace. It might 
help to see why terrorist coun-
tries are acting the way they 
are, to find out what has pushed 
them to do the things they did or 
plan to do. More communication 
could help solve the problem.
   I realize that this cannot hap-
pen overnight, but if the United 
State starts to open up these con-
versations, it will be introduced 
to a worldview that was once 
unfamiliar. 
   Perhaps the answer lies in gath-
ering people who believe in the 
same ideas for peace. A petition 
could be made, peaceful protests 
could be conducted (not like the 
riots that have occurred recently), 
and awareness could be spread 
for those who do not realize that 
there are other alternatives to 
conflict resolutions rather than 
enacting war.
   The Guardian writer, Brian 
Lehrer, wrote, “To end war, just 
advocate for the unacceptability 
of war. In all countries, at all 

times, especially when tensions 
rise.”
   Every individual and every 
country need to come together to 
realize that war does more harm 
than good. War kills thousands, 
if not millions, of people and 
causes trauma for the families 
of those whose lives are lost in 
war, as well as the soldiers who 
return home. The cities that have 
seen war have been devastated. 
The economy suffers immensely 
after dealing with the costly 
effects of war. These effects put 

society, American or otherwise, 
in turmoil when dealing with the 
deficits, economic and emotional, 
people have to deal with on the 
home front. 
   If countries could utilize the 
power of words over the power 
of weapons, then war wouldn’t 
have to be an option. It is terrify-
ing to think of what a war here 
in America would look like and 
if the United States is not careful 
enough, war will come home. 
   It is not fair to put everyone in 
a country through a living hell 
and tell them that it is for the 
greater good. It would be the 
greatest good to find peaceful 
alternatives to solving problems 
across different nations.
   And to the guy who told me 
that sometimes we need war, I 
don’t think war is ever the an-
swer. I think we all need to open 
ourselves up to the idea that we 
could all live in peace. 

By Kevin MercAdo
Opinions Editor
opinions.asp@gmail.com

How we can solve a 
problem like war

Want to continue writing 
for Opinions?
Start next semester or send 
content over the summer
opinions.asp@gmail.com
Thanks for a great year and 
have a better summer!


4AlbAny Student

 P

reSSTuesday, May 5, 2015

You may not 
have time to think 
about retirement.

We think about it all day long.

Just as you put others fi

 rst, our priority is you.

Talk with us. We can help balance your needs

for today with your savings goals for tomorrow.

Let’s build your plan together.

Our Fidelity® Planning and Guidance 
Consultants are here for you.

To set up an appointment that fi

 ts your schedule, call 

800.642.7131 or visit www.netbenefi

 ts.com/SUNY. 

Keep in mind that investing involves risk. The value of your investment will fl

 uctuate over time and you may gain or 
lose money.
* If you invest in the SUNY ORP through Fidelity, you will be investing in a variable group annuity contract issued by 

Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (“MassMutual”), 1295 State Street, Springfi

 eld, MA 01111-0001, and 

administered by Fidelity Investments. If benefi

 t payments are annuitized under the group annuity contract issued by 

MassMutual, those benefi

 t guarantees are subject to the claims-paying ability of MassMutual. 

Content in this communication and any allocation made to the variable group annuity contract is not and should not be construed as a solicitation or recommendation to purchase 
an annuity contract. 

Guidance provided is educational. 

MassMutual and Fidelity Investments are not affi

 liated.

†

 Based on two surveys: The PLANSPONSOR magazine 2014 Recordkeeping Survey (© Asset International, Inc.), based on defi

 ned-contribution plan assets administered and number of participants 
of recordkeepers, as of 12/31/2013; and Cerulli Associates’ The Cerulli Edge®

— Retirement Edition, third quarter 2014, based on an industry survey of fi

 rms reporting total IRA assets administered 
for Q2 2014.
The trademarks and/or service marks appearing above are the property of FMR LLC and may be registered.
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC. © 2015 FMR LLC. All rights reserved.  684538.2.0

One-on-one. Always free.
That’s guidance from America’s Retirement Leader

SM†

Fidelity Investments is now an authorized investment provider* for the SUNY Optional Retirement Program.

20871_17_AD_AlbanyStudent Press.indd   13/10/15   8:40 AM


AlbAny Student

 P

reSSTuesday, May 5, 2015

5

Arts & Entertainment

By Julia Day
Arts & Entertainment Editor
artsent.asp@gmail.com

By James King
Staff Writer
artsent.asp@gmail.com

From Liverpool to Albany
The Wombats play a sold out show at The Hollow

   “So I’m moving to New York cause 
I’ve got problems with my sleep, 
looks like Christmas came early, 
Christmas came early for me,” lead 
vocalist Matthew Murphy belts into the microphone. 
   Christmas certainly came early for fans of The Wombats, who 
“moved to New York” while stopping on their tour to rock down-
town Albany.
   The Wombats, an English indie rock band originating from 
Liverpool, played to a sold out crowd this past weekend at The 
Hollow Bar + Kitchen on Friday, May 1 to promote their new album, 
“Glitterbug.” Albany is one of many stops for the band on their inter-
national tour, playing in the United States, Canada, Australia, and all 
over Europe. 
   The Wombats formed in 2003 at the Liverpool Institute of 
Performing Arts, where band members Matthew Murphy, Dan 
Haggis, and Tord Overland Knudsen all met. During the first years 
of their formation the band released a number of EPs, as well as an 
album titled “Girls, Boys and Marsupials,” exclusively in Japan.
   The band released their album “A Guide to Love, Loss, and 
Desperation,” in 2007 to successful reviews, reaching number 11 on 
the UK Albums Chart. This was followed by “This Modern Glitch,” 
in 2011 moving up to number three on the UK Albums Chart.
   After four years, their long anticipated album “Glitterbug,” was 
released on April 13, 2015. With three new hit singles “Your Body 
is a Weapon,” “Greek Tragedy,” and “Give Me a Try,” The Wombats 
are back bigger than ever.
   “They say your first album is luck, your second is a rebellion and 
your third is what defines you,” Murphy said in a press release. “As 
proud as I am of the first two albums, I think Glitterbug will be what 
defines The Wombats.”
   The line was out the door as eager fans waited to enter The Hollow 
in downtown Albany. As concert goers began trickling into the small, 
intimate venue, Pennsylvania indie pop band Cheerleader gave an 

energetic opening act. Having formed in 2012, the band will be 
releasing their debut album later this year titled “Sunshine of Your 
Youth.” Cheerleader played songs from their EP “On Your Side,” as 
well as material from their new album.
   Cheerleader proved themselves to be an entertaining opening act. 
“Sunshine of Your Youth” was the song that stood out the most, with 
a catchy guitar intro that’s bound to stick in your head. Their act 
showcased the band’s talent and future potential as they continue to 
tour the United States with The Wombats.
   Northeast radio station WEQX 102.7, affectionately known as 
“The Real Alternative,” had one of their jockeys at the event. As 
the stage was being prepped in between acts, WEQX jockey Keller 
thanked both Cheerleader and The Wombats for coming to play in 
Albany.
   The intimate venue was packed to capacity as fans waited for The 
Wombats to take the stage. The Hollow, although small, provided a 
clear view of the stage from whichever vantage point concert goers 
stood.
   As the lights dimmed and The Wombats took the stage, the crowd 
went wild. The band immediately started off the set with one of their 
latest singles from “Glitterbug,” “Your Body is a Weapon.” The 
enthusiasm for the band’s new material was apparent as fans clapped 
and danced along to the first song.
   The Wombats went on to play a fresh mix of songs both old and 
new from all three albums, including fan favorites “Moving to New 
York,” “Jump Into the Fog,” “Kill the Director,” “Headspace,” and 
others. The band truly gave an amazing performance, with some 
songs sounding better live than they do recorded. During one of their 
slower renditions “Little Miss Pipedream,” Murphy’s headlining 
voice mixed with background vocals from Haggis and Knudsen gave 
a soothing dreamlike lull that will never have the same effect on the 
album as it does live.
   In between songs, The Wombats’ humorous interjections and on 
stage banter gave a true look into the band members’ likable person-
alities. 
   “That actually wasn’t that bad,” joked drummer Dan Haggis after 
a song.
   During more banter, Murphy went on to start talking about the 
television phenomenon, “Breaking Bad.”
   “Does anyone in this room know someone who doesn’t like 
‘Breaking Bad?’ Because I don’t think they exist,” said Murphy.
   The band members went on to discuss doing something “weird” 
for their fans, which then led Murphy to carry his microphone down 
into the audience as they sang their next song. Fans eagerly took 
out their phones to record Murphy as he sung among the crowd 
members.
   The Wombats made constant references to their merchandise 
seller named Grossman, standing at the merchandise table not far 
from the stage. The band members alerted the audience that it was 
Grossman’s birthday, rousing them to sing him happy birthday to 
which they happily complied.
   Ending their set with the synth-heavy “Tokyo (Vampires and 
Wolves),” the audience cried out for an encore. The Wombats went 
on to perform two more songs, “Emoticons” from their new album, 
and finally the song the audience had all been waiting for “Let’s 

Dance to Joy Division.” This fan favorite sent the audience bouncing 
off their feet and into the air, dancing their pants off. There was defi-
nitely no better way to have ended the night.
   The Wombats not only gave a stellar performance, but also put on 
an interactive and exciting audience experience.
   “The Wombats did not waste a single moment on stage to share 
their unique energy with the audience,” said University at Albany 
student Sarah Sabin. “In between songs they engaged in good-
humored banter between the crowd as if talking to a group of old 
friends.”
   With fresh material from “Glitterbug” along with classics from 
previous albums, there is no doubt that their success will continue to 
grow. The Wombats gave an outstanding performance in Albany this 
past weekend, satisfying fans both old and new. 
 
 
Comedian Brian Regan coming to the Palace Theatre

   On Friday May 8, 
renowned stand-up 
comedian Brian 
Regan will be 
performing at the Palace Theatre in Albany. 
   Regan has had many notable accomplishments 
over the span of his 20 year career, including 
selling out the Red Rocks Amphitheater in Denver 
and performing on “The Late Show” with David 
Letterman 27 times.
   “Some people like to describe my comedy as 
observational, but I don’t like to give it a category,” 
Regan said in a phone interview.
   Regan has been doing stand-up comedy since 
he was in college. His interest started when he 
was in a public speaking class, trying to make his 
presentations entertaining and funny. It was at that 
point he decided he no longer wanted to be an 
accounting major.
   “It wasn’t until I made people laugh in class that 
I realized that this was something I wanted to do,” 
Regan said.
   Regan has performed in Albany several times 
during his career, including shows at The Egg and 
the Palace Theatre. Regan enjoys performing in 
the Albany area because his mother is an alumni of 
The College of Saint Rose.
   “Performing in Albany is always fun because it’s 
cool to think that my mother spent a good portion 
of her life here,” he said. “I’ve never taken a tour of 
Saint Rose, but I have driven passed the campus.”
   One of Regan’s favorite parts of being a stand-up 
comedian is that he gets to see different parts of the 
world.
   “As much as I like to perform in cities, it’s 
always fun to perform in a place like Albany or 
other smaller venues because it’s cool to see the 
country,” he said.
   Before performing at the Palace Theatre this 
week, Brian Regan will be performing for the 28th 

time on “The Late Show” with David Letterman. 
His first time performing on the show was 20 years 
ago in 1995. Letterman has always been a huge fan 
of Brian Regan. Outside of stand-up comedy, Brian 
Regan was recently in the movie “Top 5” with 
Chris Rock.
   Brian Regan has seen many changes in stand-up 
comedy over his illustrious career. Regan feels that 
these changes in comedy won’t effect the success 
of stand-up comedians.
   “I don’t think it’s easier or harder to be coming 
up in comedy now, it’s just different,” he said. 
“When I was first coming up in comedy being on 
late night television was making it. Now there are 
podcast and YouTube.”
   Like many comedians, Regan views George 
Carlin as a huge inspiration. One of the things he 
likes most about Carlin is his respect of the craft.
   “George Carlin reached the level of celebrity 
when he didn’t have to perform stand-up on late 
night, he could have just done an interview, but 
he insisted on performing because he loved to do 
stand-up,” Regan said.
   This same determination and love of the craft 
shows up in Regan, who is constantly coming up 
with new material for his audiences.
   “I would never like to do a show of my greatest 
hits,” he said. “People will only come to see that 
two, maybe three times. I like to keep writing new 
jokes and seeing how they work with an audience.”
   Regan is a workhorse in stand-up comedy, and 
while he may not have the name recognition that 
some big comedians have, he has the respect of his 
peers and a committed fan base. 
 

Want to write for A&E? You still can!
Send us contributions over the summer or write next semester
E-mail artsent.asp@gmail.com for more information
Have a great summer!

Credit: Ticketfly
The Wombats met in Liverpool, England in 2003.

Photo by Julia Day
Indie pop band Cheerleader gives an impressive opening act.

Photo by Jerry Metellus
Brian Regan has been performing stand-up comedy for 20 years.


 Tuesday, May 5, 2015AlbAny Student

 P

reSS

6
“Avengers: Age of Ultron” takes reality 
into its own hands

                                                                                                                 In creating a grand narrative of films, 
Marvel has entered a competition with 
itself to ensure that sequels to their 
previous blockbusters are even bigger 
spectacles than the ones that came before. Pioneers of the “after-
credits scenes,” Marvel cleverly built massive suspension leading 
up to their 2012 mega-hit “The Avengers” by way of offering sneak-
peeks to a much bigger film through smaller pieces in their narrative.
   For fans of Marvel’s Cinematic Universe, “The Avengers” was 
more than just the latest superhero film amongst the never-ending 
wave the genre seems to offer as of late. “The Avengers” was both 
literally and figuratively an amalgamation of everything that came 
before it within the MCU. Characters from a collective of films 
shared the big screen together and in doing so, Marvel kept fans 
happy by offering what entertainment spectacles do best—the depic-
tion of unparalleled destruction. 
   The final set piece in “The Avengers” saw downtown Manhattan 
obliterated on a myriad of levels. Images of overturned cars, giant 
craters in pavement, average citizens cowering in fear for their lives, 
and entire buildings being brought down dominated the screen in a 
manner that eerily recalled America’s own anxiety after the Sept. 11, 
2001 attacks. 
   Yet this depiction of destruction that recalls our own reality is 
made alright by way of being fantastical. Colorful, costumed super-
heroes zip through the air and run through the streets, battling the 
forces of evil from space and beyond. The sheer absurdity of the 
battle brings “The Avengers” back to the realm of fictitious cinema, 
thereby removing the anxiety behind the film’s realistic and destruc-
tive images. 
   With the release of “Avengers: Age of Ultron,” however, Marvel 
has needed to create a film which is not only a bigger spectacle 
than “The Avengers” but also its film competitors in the super-hero 
genre, namely DC, who released “Man of Steel” in 2013, which also 
featured citywide mass destruction. “Avengers: Age of Ultron” is 
slowly reaching a limit where images meant to entertain and enthrall 
become disturbing.
   Joss Whedon returns as director and writer and wastes no time 
in jumping straight into the action. The movie begins with a battle 
between the superhero group and Hydra, the terrorist organization 
from the “Captain America” films. There’s hardly anything new here 
that hasn’t been seen already. “Captain America: The Winter Soldier” 
enhanced its action by way of camera movement, a technique that’s 
unfortunately absent in “Avengers: Age of Ultron.”
   Choreography becomes repetitive, with the only refreshing aspect 
being the quips between members of the group, which successfully 
keeps the tone between action and comedy that Marvel’s films have 
established for themselves. The camera movement that is present 

during these action scenes are jerky due to the constant jumping 
Whedon uses to showcase everyone, creating a sense of nausea that 
is further fueled by the literal twists and turns of the actors’ bodies. 
   Two new characters are introduced in the midst of the action, 
Pietro Maximoff, (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) and his twin sister Wanda 
Maximoff (Elizabeth Olsen). Pietro possess the power of super-speed 
while Wanda can use hypnosis and telekinesis. Wanda kicks off the 
plot of the film by hypnotizing Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) into 
seeing an apocalyptic vision where the Avengers have all died and 
the Earth has succumbed to an alien invasion. Once the battle ends, 
the twins have disappeared and the Avengers have become success-
ful in retrieving Loki’s scepter from the Hydra base.
   Later in secret, Tony Stark and Dr. Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) 
use Loki’s scepter to create the artificial intelligence Ultron, the 
film’s villain. Fueled by his fear, Stark wishes to create a being who 
would be able to preemptively defeat the Earth’s enemies.
   “Avengers: Age of Ultron” attains a level of reflexivity where 
reality is made cinematic and fictional but in doing so foregoes the 
effects that such images and narratives contain at the cost of cheap 

entertainment. As a franchise dedicated to breaking the billion dollar 
mark, every new film raises the stakes and the mayhem that comes 
along with it.
   Reprieves between the action pieces offer relief for both the 
Avengers and audiences, but ultimately showcase Whedon’s inability 
to evolve as both a writer and a director. 
   At the end of the day the superheroes have to band together 
because they’re the only ones who can save the world, but oddly 
enough are the same ones who thrust it into chaos. As if aware of 
being stuck within a repetitive narrative, Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) 
comments on his want to not be mind-controlled by Wanda as he’s 
“already done it once.”
   The film is never truly over. Even when the action is done, we are 
given hints to future films within the franchise, be they the inevitable 
sequel or smaller films that will follow along. Money is at stake here 
and if more destruction is what brings in audiences, then it’s diffi-
cult to conceive where the franchise will go with “Avengers: Age of 
Ultron” destroying one city and leveling another.

By Anthony Dominguez
Assistant A&E Editor
artsent.asp@gmail.com

By eli enis
Staff Writer
artsent.asp@gmail.com

By nicole WAllAck
Web Editor
artsent.asp@gmail.com

Metal band Sworn In
pushes new boundaries

Netflix vs. Hulu vs. Yahoo Screen
Inconsistencies of online streaming

   In a culture of 
binge watching, the 
release schedules 
for some of Yahoo 
Screen and Hulu’s shows seem simply archaic. 
   Netflix, the leading proponent of the binge-
watching model and a major online content provid-
er, uploads all the episodes of each new season of 
a show at once, including its own original content. 
This mass release of episodes of original content 
allows a person to watch the show at his or her 
own pace and does not force weekly timed viewer 
ratings, like regular television does. 
   The Netflix model is a sharp contrast to the Hulu 
model. Hulu mainly focuses on providing new epi-
sodes of network shows to the Internet in the one 
episode per week style of television, while provid-
ing a few original shows and shows branded as 
originals that are joint efforts with networks, with 
a few notable exceptions. Three of Hulu’s original 
shows, “Deadbeat,” “The Wrong Mans,” and “The 
Hotwives of Orlando” actually have been released 
using the binge-watching model. This may rep-
resent an attempt at consistency with respect to 
new episodes of original content across providers. 
However, this just leads to a lack of consistency 
within the service for how new original episodes 
are released. 
   The inherent fear with Netflix’s model is 
that the show will not be popular, and unlike 
with pilots of television shows, the already 
finished season cannot be cancelled to save 
money. However, this model does appear to 
be working for Netflix, as they continue to 
pump out new original content and it seems 
to be the standard for all of their original 
content, from the massively popular vet-
eran “House of Cards” to rookie shows like 
“The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” and 
“Daredevil.”
      Yahoo Screen, similar to Hulu, mixes the 
television model of one episode per week 
with the Netflix model. With regard to its 
major show “Community,” Yahoo Screen fol-
lows the classic television model with a twist 
for the Internet, that each new episode will 
be available at 12:01 a.m. PST on the morn-
ing that the episode will be “aired.” However, 
another of Yahoo Screen’s original shows, 
“Sin City Saints,” seems to have followed the 
Netflix model. The rookie provider appears 
to be experimenting with different models 
for its different types of shows. “Sin City 
Saints” is a new show, but “Community” is in 
its sixth season, and first online season, after 
five seasons on network television. Perhaps 
in this way, Yahoo Screen is still considering 
“Community” something of a network show.
   “Community” itself has an interesting his-
tory of being deemed so niche that it was 
constantly in jeopardy of being cancelled 
by its host network, NBC. It was repeat-
edly renewed at the last minute until last 
season, when it was finally dropped from the 

network. The show was extremely popular with 
the online community, and the cries of the fans 
of the cult show were what seemed to have been 
responsible for the renewal of the show. So, unsur-
prisingly, it garnered a lot of interest from online 
content providers. 
   Most assumed that the show would go on Netflix 
or Hulu, prompting people to wonder about the 
release schedule of the show. However, the rela-
tively unheard-of Yahoo Screen actually won the 
bid to produce and screen the show. The announce-
ment about Yahoo Screen was met with confusion 
and surprise. Many people had not heard of the 
service at all. The relatively obscure streaming 
service gained a lot of notoriety from acquiring 
“Community.” 
   What is apparent is that there is no consistency 
among the providers for how original content is 
released. Even with Hulu and Yahoo Screen, there 
is a lack of uniformity among the screening of 
their original content. This frequently leads to con-
fusion among viewers as to how they will be able 
to watch their favorite online shows. 
   In the age of Internet content, uniformity will be 
necessary to avoid confusion and maximize view-
ers. 

   Whether you love 
them or hate them, 
Sworn In is on the 
tongues of every 
“core” metalhead fan. 
   In 2015, if you consider yourself a fan of the 
genre, you should know where they came from and 
where they’re headed. 
   The Illinois five-piece have been churning out 
their off-kilter nu-metalcore and touring consistent-
ly since their inception in 2011. With the release of 
their two EP’s, “Catharsis” and “Start/End,” they 
gained a strong following within the underground 
metalcore/deathcore community and eventually 
signed with Razor & Tie Records, through which 
they released their debut full-length album “The 
Death Card” in August 2013.  
   The band was met with a stark rise in popular-
ity throughout 2014 as they toured with genre 
heavyweights such as Attila, Crown the Empire, 
Emmure and The Acacia Strain. This momentum 
pushed them to the forefront of the scene and built 
the anticipation for their sophomore effort “The 
Lovers/The Devil,” which was released on April 7, 
2015.  
   “The people who like Sworn In like it, and the 
people who don’t like Sworn In hate it,” vocalist 
Tyler Dennen said in regards to the reception “The 
Lovers/The Devil.”  
   The album serves as a marking of the band’s 
transition from the underground to the limelight, 
which of course carries with it a great divide 
between the “old school fans” and the newcom-
ers, also known as the “bandwagoning posers,” as 
many a YouTube commenter would note.   
   However, completely unfazed by the childish 
hatred and “sellout” accusations being tossed his 
way, Dennen said the feedback they’ve gotten is 
“just exactly what we were expecting.” 
   The album itself expands upon the dark, chaotic 
and viciously heavy “The Death Card” by add-
ing twisted, yet devilishly catchy melodies and 
an overall refinement to their pandemonium-like 
sound. 
   “It’s a lot more groovy, rhythmical, less abrasive, 
and more melodic. But still heavy,” said Dennen.
   He said their goal going into the album was to 
“just be more theatrical and really drive in the 
point that what we’re about is emotion.”
   And just as “Start/End” and “The Death Card” 
were, “The Lovers/ The Devil” is a concept album 
that Dennen calls “a collection of observations 
about destructive relationships.” 
   “It’s a love story.  It goes in depth about how 
every person has a lover and a devil inside of them 
and they don’t really get the choice of when it 
comes out,” he said. 
   Along with the new elements in their sound and 
lyrics, Sworn In adjusted their entire image as 
a band to coincide with the theme of the album. 
Their signature magnolia logo, pictured on the 
cover of “The Death Card,” was swapped out for 

the pair of scissors found in the “The Lovers/The 
Devil” artwork. They also now tote black, button-
down shirts and red armbands on stage instead of 
their black athletic jerseys outfitted with the mag-
nolia and “XIII” logos that had become cult-like 
insignias for their devoted fan base. 
   This conscious shift in direction is nothing new 
to the band, but rather symbolizes their mission 
statement of continuous progression. 
   “We never want to stay stagnant. We want to 
change with each release. We want to flow with 
each release. And we don’t wanna get stuck in a 
rut of where people want us to be, but rather what 
we want to be,” Dennen said. 
   Throughout the interview, Dennen was seated 
on the decrepit stoop of an abandoned building 
next door to the infamous hard core venue Bogies 
in downtown Albany.  A few hours later, he per-
formed to nearly 300 sweaty, cramped concertgo-
ers in the tiny club. 
   Clad in black aviator sunglasses, black skinny 
jeans, a black jacket and a gold chain around his 
neck, he seemed to have bigger sights in mind 
than the intimate club-tour lifestyle he and his 
bandmates had lived for the past few years. They 
were beginning to outgrow the community which 
birthed them, another natural progression in the 
eyes of Dennen and one which they plan to wel-
come with open arms.
   “I wanna tour with bands outside our genre. 
I wanna tour with bands that will make people 
scratch their head. I would love to tour with 
Between the Buried and Me, Falling In Reverse, 
Hollywood Undead, and Dir En Grey,” he said. 
   Each of those bands exist in completely different 
sectors of the rock and metal universe, but Sworn 
In are determined to push the boundaries, disregard 
their critics and perhaps expand the realm of pos-
sibilities for bands of their kin. 
   All of their efforts boil down to one specific 
desire: wanting the audience to feel something. 
Dennen believes their live performance represents 
their true identity, as it culminates the visual, phys-
ical, and musical all into one. 
   “The main goal of the show is to have people 
going home feeling something. I think a lot of 
bands have a real processed view on what the 
show is. They get up there, they’re angry, they 
stop. It’s fake. It’s transparent. We’re trying real 
emotion and have people experience real emotion 
rather than what they think they should be feeling,” 
he said.

Credit: Denofgeek.com
The cast of the Avengers lines up for battle.

Credit: Uproxx.com
Community moved to Yahoo Screen for its sixth season.


7

AlbAny Student

 P

reSSTuesday, May 5, 2015

Visit our fan page: albanystudentpress.net

Plans for next year?  
Why not complete the Clarkson MBA?

Ready to learn more? 
To apply go to  
www.clarkson.edu/mba.

With our rolling admissions process, it’s not 
too late to apply for the Clarkson Master of 
Business Administration Class of 2016. And 
since your school is a Clarkson partner, you’re 
automatically eligible for a 4+1 Fellowship:

 • $10,000 Tuition Scholarship
 • $4,000 Travel Scholarship
 • Guaranteed graduate assistantship  
  that lets you earn up to $3,000

Streamlined application: Candidates with a 
GMAT score of 550 or higher and a GPA of 
3.0 or greater are automatically accepted. 
No essays, no recommendation letters, no 
application fees – just send your official test 
scores and transcript and you’re in.

SOMETHING A COLLEGE GRADUATE 
SHOULD NEVER HAVE TO SAY:

“WOULD YOU
LIKE THAT GIFT
WRAPPED”

87% OF NYIT GRADUATES GET JOBS IN THEIR
CHOSEN FIELDS WITHIN 6 MONTHS.

At New York Institute of Technology, we make sure 
you succeed when you’re in school and when you 
get out. For more information, 
call 800.345.NYIT or visit us at nyit.edu.

 

Albany students, headed home for the summer break? 
If so, enroll in Summer Session at  
Suffolk County Community College. 

At Suffolk, you can get a head start on next semester 
or even make up a course. Both the eight-week 

and fi

rst fi

ve-week sessions start on May 26th,

with another fi

ve-week session starting June 29th.

Make the most of your break with Summer Session 
at Suffolk. Enroll in fall classes, too! 
Call 631-451-4111 or visit sunysuffolk.edu/Enroll.

sunysuffolk.edu/Enroll

Success Doesn’t Stop
For Summer.

At Only $183 Per Credit, 
You Can Make The Most Of
Your Break At Suffolk.

SCCC_Albany_Summer15_Layout 1  2/12/15  3:37 PM  Page 1


Visit our fan page: albanystudentpress.net

AlbAny Student

 P

reSSTuesday, May 5, 2015

8

We have expanded our options for summer study at 

Westchester Community College. Choose from 

hundreds of courses online or in classrooms throughout 

the summer. Catch up with classes in Liberal Arts, 

Business, Healthcare and more at Westchester’s most 

afordable college. Register now to get your pick of the 

classes you need.

REGISTER NOW FOR SUMMER CLASSES 
Starting May 26, June 29 & August 3

Open House

May 19, 4:30-6 pm

914-606-6735
sunywcc.edu

Want to make some 
money and get some 
exercise? 

The ASP needs 
people to deliver 
papers around 
campus for the 2015-
2016 school year.

Email production.
asp@gmail.com if 
interested.

Sad that the ASP won’t be in print for three whole months? 

So are we.
That’s why we want you to write about your hometown and all of the fun 
things that happen there.

Email theaspnews@gmail.com, opinions.asp@gmail.com, artsent.asp@
gmail.com, or sports.asp@gmail.com to help us with our summer news 
flow.

Remember, news never sleeps, and neither should you.


9

AlbAny Student

 P

reSSTuesday, May 5, 2015

Register now for  
summer session at the 
University at Buffalo!

Select from our 2,000 campus-based offerings – 

more than any other college 

in Western New York – 

or from 200 online courses you can take 

from anywhere in the world! 

Earn 3 credits (or more!) in 6 weeks or less. 
 
Find a course, or two, that’s right for you at 
ubthissummer.buffalo.edu.

 

Thursday, May 7th
Academic Podium
9p - 11p

Late Night Events are:
Free to all students (no swipe necessary)
Featuring faculty & staff servers
Students must have SUNYCard for entry

Other Food for Finals events include:

Coffee & Snacks
Sunday, May 10th
Campus Center | 9p - 11p

TexMex Night
Monday, May 11th
All Quads | 9p - 11p

Coffee & Sundae Bar
Sunday, May 10th
Alumni Quad | 9p - 11p

2014

NORTH

REGIONAL UNIVERSITIES

COLLEGES

BEST    

Summer Session 1:  
Monday–Thursday, May 27-June 23

Summer Session 2: 
Monday–Thursday, June 29-July 23

Summer Session 3: 
Mondays and Wednesdays, May 27–July 20

Summer Session 4: 
Tuesdays and Thursdays, May 28-July 21

Weekend College Summer Session: 
Alternating Saturdays through Sundays,  
May 16–August 23

1-Credit Courses: June 2015

Earn Summer Credits  
at a World-Class College  
for Half the Cost.

This summer, take advantage of a great 

opportunity to catch up on—or accelerate—

your studies. St. Joseph’s College, with 

campuses in Patchogue and Brooklyn, is 

discounting tuition for undergraduate 

summer classes by 50%. With expert 

faculty, a wide range of classes, and small, 

personalized classes held in mornings, 

afternoons, and evenings—or online— 

St. Joseph’s will give you everything you 

need to get ahead this summer.

2015 SUMMER SESSIONS

SAVE 50%  
ON UNDERGRADUATE TUITION

BRING THE WORLD 
YOUR BEST 

sjcny.edu/summer

Explore our classes and registration details at:


10

AlbAny Student

 P

reSSTuesday, May 5, 2015

ADVANCE YOUR CAREER 
OR CHANGE DIRECTION AT
LONG ISLAND UNIVERSITY

•
BROOKLYN

WESTCHESTER

ROCKLAND

•
POST

•
BRENTWOOD

•
RIVERHEAD

•

•

WEST 
POINT•

Embark on your graduate studies at 
LIU and you'll join a global network of
200,000 alumni. Choose from a variety 
of graduate and certificate programs 
from health professions and social 
services, to business and education, 
and more. 

Choose from seven campus locations, 
all of which offer flexible schedules and 
classes taught by world-class faculty. 

RiverheadWestchesterRockland and West Point
631-287-8010914-831-2700845-450-5414
riverhead@liu.eduwestchester@liu.edurockland@liu.edu
liu.edu/riverheadliu.edu/hudsonliu.edu/hudson

PostBrooklynBrentwood
516-299-2900718-488-1011631-287-8500
post-enroll@liu.edubkln-admissions@liu.edubrentwood-info@liu.edu
liu.edu/postliu.edu/brooklynliu.edu/brentwood


11

AlbAny Student

 P

reSSTuesday, May 5, 2015

 
   In their final home games at 
Albany Field for the 2015 sea-
son, the University at Albany 
looked to end the season on 
a high note going into the 
America East Conference 
tournament. 
   They succeeded, sweep-
ing conference opponent 
Hartford (3-43, 0-17 America 
East) in a three game series. 
On Friday, UAlbany (30-16, 
11-6 America East) won 7-3 
before an 8-0 blowout win in 
the nightcap. On Saturday’s 
senior day, UAlbany again 
won 8-0 to finish off a three 
game sweep. 
   “Both pitchers really 
pitched well today, they both 
had no hitters going into the 
fifth,” UAlbany Coach Chris 
Cannata said on Friday. “It’s 
about us playing defense 
behind those pitchers too.” 
   In the first game, it was 
freshman Erynn Sobieski’s 
pitching that gave the Great 
Danes a chance to take the 
lead early. 
   In the second inning, UAl-
bany finally broke through 
on a double by center fielder 
Alexa Toole who scored two 
runs. A couple batters later, 
senior Vicky McFarland drilled 
a two out, two run double to 
extend the UAlbany lead to 4-0 
after two innings. 
   In the third, shortstop Maggie 
Cocks lied a solo home run over 
the left field wall to make it 5-0. 
Toole then drove in a run with 
a single to give UAlbany a 6-0 
lead after three innings. 

   That was more than enough run 
support for Sobieski. Through 
the first five innings, she allowed 
no hits and just two Hawks 
reached base. 

   Trailing by seven runs in the 
sixth inning, the Hawks showed 
signs of life. Danielle DeMarco 
drove in the Hawks first run with 
a line drive single. With catcher 
Sawyer Fried at the plate and 
two runners on, UAlbany’s Kelly 
Costello couldn’t handle a line 
drive and was charged with an 
error that allowed two runs to 

score. 
   Sobieski settled down after 
that to earn her 10th win of the 
season. She finished the game 
with just one earned run and four 

strikeouts. 
   Hartford starter Kelsey Bird 
couldn’t get through the second 
inning as she took the loss with 
four earned runs. 
   In the second game on Friday, 
UAlbany’s pitching was again 
the story. After sophomore 
Mackenzie Thompson pitched a 
scoreless first inning, UAlbany 

got on the board in the bottom 
half on Liz Snow’s run scoring 
single with two outs. 
   In the second inning, UAlbany  
doubled their lead on an infield 

single by right fielder Caitlin 
Cooper. On the play, Mackenzie 
Cleary hustled home second base 
on the ball hit to Hartford’s sec-
ond baseman to score the second 
UAlbany run. A few batters later, 
Cocks had a chance with the 
bases loaded and two outs. She 
delivered with a line drive triple 
to center field. All three runners 

scored to give UAlbany a 5-0 
lead after two innings. 
   Thompson took control of the 
game on there, striking out five 
Hawks and allowing just one hit 
for a complete game shutout, 
her sixth win of the season. 
   In the bottom of the fourth 
inning, McFarland ran for his-
tory in her final home series. 
After a single, McFarland 
proceeded to steal second and 
third base in the same at-bat, 
giving her exactly 100 stolen 
bases for her career going into 
Saturday’s senior day. 
  “I didn’t even know that had 
happened,” McFarland said of 
her 100 stolen bases, which 
ranks second in program his-
tory. “Everyone was telling 
me congrats and I had no idea 
why.” 
   Even though her teammates 
were the ones congratulating 
her, McFarland was quick to 
give back to them. 
   “It’s on my teammates,” 
McFarland said. “It’s with 
help from my teammates that 
I got [100 stolen bases].”
   With a seven run lead in the 
sixth inning, UAlbany needed 
just one more run to end the 
game. In softball, if a team is 
leading by eight runs or more at 
the end of at least five innings, 
the game is over. 
   After squandering an opportu-
nity to end the game in the fifth, 
Snow drove in the final run of 
the day with a two out hit in the 
sixth, scoring McFarland with 
UAlbany’s eight run, capping an 
8-0 win. 
   Hartford’s Bianca Webb 
struggled in less than two innings 
of work, allowing four runs in 

the loss. 
   Up next, UAlbany will head 
to Stony Brook for the America 
East conference tournament this 
weekend.    

   The Great Danes won the tour-
nament to advance to the NCAA 
Tournament last season, and they 
know what it will take to get it 
done again this year. 
   “It’s going to take exactly 
what it took last year,” McFar-
land said. “It’s going to take all 
19 people on our team to come 
together and win it.” 
   “We just need to keep playing 
well and keep doing the things 
that we do well,” Cannata said. 
“Probably the team that is the 
toughest team is going to win 
the tournament. We’ve got to be 
tough.” 

By AAron Cheris 
Sports Editor
sports.asp@gmail.com

Softball sweeps Hartford to finish regular season

Photo by Aaron Cheris  
The Great Danes will look to defend their title in the America East tournament.

  

   Alie Jimerson is a freshman at-
tack player for the University at 
Albany women’s lacrosse team. 
She lives about 30 miles south 
of Albany on the Cattaraugus 
Reservation, which is part of the 
Iroquois Confederacy, with her 
parents, three sisters and one 
brother.  
      Lacrosse is a gift from the 
Creator that was played by 
men for healing purposes. For 
women, however, their role is 
different. They are the givers of 
life. In Onondaga, lacrosse trans-
lates to “to bump hips.” 
   “To bump hips” ideally should 
be for the men in their sport. 
For Lyle Thompson, his brother 
Miles and cousin Ty, the path 
they paved at the UAlbany 
for Native American lacrosse 
players was known nationwide. 
Here, they have helped sculpt a 
program that has the top scoring 
offense, and attracts young men 
and women from neighboring 
reservations to become Great 
Danes, too. 
   However, as time has passed, 
girls like Jimerson have strayed 
from the traditional ways and 
found ways to play, while still 
paying respect to the Creator and 
fulfilling her role as a woman. 
   While women have long held 
power on reservations, lacrosse 
remains a man’s game. Facing 
adversity being a female playing 
this sport has been part of Jimer-
son’s journey since a young age.
   Jimerson started playing 
lacrosse because of her mother, 
Claudia. Her mother played la-
crosse during a time when it was 
forbidden. Alie explained that 
if women were to play lacrosse 
it would affect the men’s game. 
Despite the taboo against women 
playing, Claudia continued. It 
was a long period of protesting, 
fighting and loving the sport that 
has allowed young girls to now 
have teams to play for on the 
reservation. 

   “When I first started playing 
lacrosse my grandfather wasn’t 
a fan. But then once I got good, 
he didn’t miss a game,” Jimerson 
said. “He’s changing the way 
he lives and what he believes 
because of me.” 
   Jimerson explained how her 
grandfather was a traditionalist 
who didn’t believe in women 
playing lacrosse. However, 
seeing the 
resilience 
in these 
women and 
Alie’s ability, 
he is now 
beginning 
to evolve, 
just like the 
sport. 
   Alie said 
her father is 
in the new 
generation, 
so he accepts 
her playing 
lacrosse. 
She clarified 
how different 
the game is 
for men and 
women. 
   “I would 
never touch 
a wooden 
stick. It is 
a new era, 
however 
we don’t do 
what men 
do,” Jimer-
son said. “I 
would never 
burn tobacco 
or do any of 
that, because 
that would be disrespecting the 
Creator.” 
   Jimerson chose to come to 
UAlbany because she wanted to 
go somewhere other than Syra-
cuse, where she said, “everyone 
is going.”
   Jimerson started playing 
lacrosse at the age of 7. She 
played varsity lacrosse for her 
high school, Lake Shore (N.Y.) 
and also for a team called First 
Nations, which gave her the op-

portunity to play internationally. 
   Jimerson’s high school was 
the only one in the area with 
lacrosse. Out of the 18 girls on 
the team, 14 or 15 were Native 
American, she said. Many of the 
girls she has grown up playing 
with have chosen to continue 
playing at Syracuse. 
   “A lot of girls I know have 
gone to Syracuse to play la-

crosse. They end up sitting the 
bench and not really having the 
opportunity to play,” Jimerson 
said. “But there is a scholarship 
there for us, you basically get to 
go to school for free.”
   Jimerson is ranked sixth 
nationally for assists, with 38 
so far. She has 57 points total, 
with 19 goals on the season, and 
has been awarded Rookie of the 
Week honors.
    “I didn’t know if I wanted to 

play lacrosse in college. It wasn’t 
until I played for Haudenosaunee 
in the u-19 World Cup in Ger-
many that I decided I wanted to 
play college lacrosse,” Jimerson 
said. “We didn’t do very well, 
but the experience made me a 
whole new player.” 
   Her experience at UAlbany 
has been different, she said, but 
she is getting used to balancing 

everything. 
   “In the beginning of the year I 
didn’t know what I was doing. I 
was dying, sweating and out of 
breath in the midfield,” Jimerson 
said. 
   John Battaglino is the head 
coach for the Great Danes wom-
en’s lacrosse program. Jimerson 
attributes her success this season 
to him.
   “My coach has molded me 
into a really good player. I grew 

up around box games, my dad 
taught me that style and play. 
However I now know how to be 
disciplined. Battaglino has given 
me freedom to play my style, but 
has also taught me the discipline 
of the college game,” she said. 
   Jimerson has been able to stay 
true to her roots while adapting 
to the faster pace and rush of the 
college game. During the fall 

she went home frequently, but 
being in season this spring has 
prevented her from getting home 
as often.
    Her teammates have been 
supportive, taking her in like a 
second family. 
   “I love my team. We mesh well 
together. The upperclassman re-
ally took us in, and we’re getting 
closer with the sophomores too,” 
Jimerson said. 
   She admires her teammate 

Rachel Bowles.
    “I really look up to her. She’s 
a great player, she’s so modest 
and doesn’t yell at me, but helps 
me whenever she can,” she said. 
   Bowles is a junior midfielder 
for the Great Danes with 71 
points on the season. She has 
been an anchor for the Great 
Danes since her time at UAlbany. 
   “Even as a freshman Alie has 
accomplished so much this year. 
She’s an amazing athlete with 
quick feet, quick hands, and has 
the ability to play all over the 
field,” Bowles said.  
   Bowles has endless faith in 
Jimerson’s ability and sees her 
carrying this program far in years 
to come. 
   “She has helped us get to 
where we are today and she will 
only improve year after year,” 
Bowles said. 
   The unanimous goal of the 
UAlbany women’s lacrosse team 
was to win the America East 
Championship. Unfortunately, 
they couldn't accomplish that this 
season, as the Great Danes fell to 
Stony Brook in the America East 
Championship game on Sunday. 
   Besides winning, Jimerson's 
goal is to inspire young girls 
to come to Albany and play 
lacrosse. She is beginning to 
hear young girls who her sister 
plays with say, “I want to come 
to Albany,” instead of the typical, 
“I want to go to Syracuse.” 
   Jimserson understands that the 
traditionalists still don’t believe 
in women playing lacrosse, but 
with the support of her family, 
and teammates, she hopes to 
inspire women to play lacrosse 
and be regarded with the same 
respect as men.  

Jimerson paving the way for Native American women

By CeliA BAlf 
Staff Writer
sports.asp@gmail.com

Photo from UAlbany Athletics  
Alie Jimerson is one of UAlbany’s leading point scorers this season. 

Photo by Aaron Cheris  
Mackenzie Thompson dominated on 
Friday for UAlbany. 

Follow us on Twitter: @albstudentpress


Visit our fan page: facebook.com/albanystudentpress

AlbAny Student

 P

reSSTuesday, May 5, 201512

Beasts of the East
Men’s Lacrosse takes down Stony Brook 
to win America East Championship.

 
   The University at Albany 
men’s lacrosse team prides itself 
on being a family. When this 
season ends, the family will be 
broken up for good. 
   However, the family will be 
together for a little while longer. 
   UAlbany beat Stony Brook 
22-9 in Saturday morning’s 
America East Championship 
game at Bob Ford Field. This 
win gives UAlbany a spot in the 
upcoming NCAA Tournament. 
   “I believe in this team. I 
believe in this family,” senior 
attacker Lyle Thompson said. 
“This is a championship team.” 
   “We’re not a team, we’re a 
family,” goalkeeper Blaze Rior-
den said. “If we lose this game, 
we’re putting our faith in the 
committee’s hands. We weren’t 
letting that happen. We want to 
stay together.” 
   Shortly after the 10 a.m. start, 
the visiting Seawolves (13-
5) appeared to have the early 
momentum on UAlbany’s (15-2) 
turf. In the first three minutes of 

the game, Alex Corpolongo and 
Brody Eastwood each scored to 
give Stony Brook an early 2-0 
lead. 
   That would prove to be the 
only lead the Seawolves had all 
day. 
   America East Player of the 
Year and 2015 Tewaaraton 
Trophy nominee Lyle Thompson 
took over the game soon after. 
   He scored his first goal off a 
great pass by Seth Oakes. Less 
than a minute later, he added his 
second on a long-range shot into 
the top right corner. He com-
pleted his hat trick a few minutes 
later after shaking free of a 
defender and beating the goalie 
one-on-one to give UAlbany a 
3-2 lead, which they wouldn’t 
relinquish. 
   “I don’t really know what was 
going through Lyle’s head,” 
UAlbany Coach Scott Marr said. 
“He just wanted to get us on 
the board and get us going. He 
scores three goals in a row and 
we never trailed after that.” 
   When it looked like Stony 
Brook grabbed momentum with 
a goal in the final minute of the 
quarter, Adam Osika answered 

for the Great Danes with five 
seconds left to give UAlbany a 
5-3 lead through one quarter. 
   The second quarter started like 
the first ended. After an Oakes 
goal, Thompson ran through a 
maze of Stony Brook defend-
ers and beat goalkeeper Hayden 
Johnstone. Less than a minute 
later, Thompson scored his fifth 
and final goal of the game on 
a low shovel shot from right in 
front of the net to make it 8-3 
Danes. 
   “I wanted to test the defense,” 
Thompson said. “I got some 
open shots and I put them in.” 
   UAlbany closed out the first 
half on a blast from long distance 
by senior Tim Cox. However, 
due to penalties at the end of the 
first half, UAlbany began the 
second half down two men. 
   Stony Brook failed to score on 
the two-man advantage, and that 
proved to be a key turning point 
in the game. 
   “We didn’t want to let them 
back in the game,” Riorden said. 
“It was a huge momentum swing 
and that’s complimentary to the 
way the defense was playing all 
day.”  
   With a two-man 
advantage of their 
own a couple min-
utes later, the Great 
Danes cashed in. 
Jake Cullen re-
ceived a pass from 
Oakes and scored 
into a nearly 
vacant net. Derrick 
Eccles went around 
the goal and scored 
shortly after to ex-
tend the UAlbany 
lead. 

   America East Rookie of the 
Year Connor Fields found the 
scoreboard shortly after, scoring 
twice in less than a minute to the 
delight of the UAlbany fans. 

   

“I went into halftime and I 
didn’t have a goal,” Fields said. 
“[Lyle Thompson] really helped 
me a lot, I was really taking his 
advice.” 
   With about six minutes left 
in the third quarter, UAlbany’s 
defense stepped up.    
   Freshman AJ Kluck stripped a 
Stony Brook attacker of the ball 
and led the offense in transition. 
At the other end, Fields found 
Oakes open at the side of the net. 
In one motion, Oakes jumped to 

receive the pass and shot the ball 
into the net before he fell back 
to the turf. The goal sent most 
of the 2,146 people at Bob Ford 
Field to their feet. 
   

In the fourth quarter, the Great 
Danes put the final nail in Stony 
Brook’s coffin. Oakes and 
Fields each scored highlight-reel 
goals with just one hand to get 
UAlbany’s lead to double digits. 
Fields finished with four goals 
for a team-high 56 on the season. 
Oakes finished with four goals 
of his own to increase his season 
total to 51. 
   As time ran down, Thompson, 
Riorden, and other UAlbany 
starters returned to the bench to 

standing ovations. The 22 goals 
UAlbany scored is an America 
East Championship game record.
   In net for UAlbany, Riorden 
had nine saves. UAlbany fresh-
man Cason Liles dominated the 
faceoffs, winning 20 of 33 on the 
game. 
   For Stony Brook, Challen Rog-
ers led the way with three goals. 
Johnstone made 11 saves in net 
in the loss. 
   Up next, UAlbany will head to 
the NCAA Tournament. For their 
first round game, UAlbany will 
head to Ithaca to play Cornell 
University on Saturday at noon. 
UAlbany played Cornell on Feb. 
28, with the Big Red winning 
16-9.  
   After falling one goal short in 
the national quarterfinals against 
Notre Dame last season, the 
Great Danes have a deeper tour-
nament run on their minds. 
   “To me, attitude, confidence, 
that’s a huge thing. I think we 
have that,” Thompson said. 
“We’ve just got to go in with the 
right attitude, with confidence 
and play how we did today.” 
   “We’ll play anybody, any-
where, anyplace, anytime,” Marr 
said. “Now it’s about going out 
next weekend and playing a 
complete game and executing.”

By AAron Cheris 
Sports Editor
sports.asp@gmail.com

Photo by Julia Whitworth 
The Great Danes beat Stony Brook to win their third straight America East Championship. 

Photo by Julia Whitworth 
Lyle Thompson continued his dominance in Saturday’s win. 

   Even though University at 
Albany tight end Brian Parker 
wasn’t one of the 256 players 
picked in the 2015 NFL 
Draft, he will still get the 
chance to live his dream. 
   Following the conclusion 
of the NFL Draft on Satur-
day, Parker signed an un-
drafted free agent deal with 
the San Diego Chargers. 
   Over his four years at UAl-
bany, Parker finished with 
1,006 receiving yards and 
nine touchdowns. This past 
season, he made 39 catches 
for 500 receiving yards and 
five touchdowns. 
   While the stats are nice, they 
don’t tell Parker’s whole story. 
   “He really learned how to 
practice hard, which I think is 
something that in the NFL you 
really have to do,” UAlbany 
head coach Greg Gattuso said. 

“We talked to all the teams and 
we were able to tell them the 
type of kid he is, how hard he 
works, and what a team player 
he is.” 
   Parker helped UAlbany win 
two straight Northeast Confer-

ence championships in 2011 and 
2012. During the transition to the 
Colonial Athletic Association in 
2013, Parker was a big target for 
quarterback Will Fiacchi. This 
past season, he was an integral 
part of a UAlbany team that won 

seven games. 
   “There are not a lot of human 
beings that are 6-foot-4, 265 
pounds that can run a 4.55 40 
[yard dash],” Gattuso said. “I 
think the NFL scouts are excited 
about him.”
   Parker joins a Chargers team 
that features one of the greatest 
tight ends in NFL history, Anto-
nio Gates. Gates, an eight-time 
Pro Bowl selection, is currently 
the Chargers all-time leader in 
receptions, receiving yards, and 
receiving touchdowns. Gates is 
likely to be enshrined in the Pro 
Football Hall of Fame upon his 
retirement.
   Parker announced his signing 
on Twitter, saying, “Beyond ex-
cited to sign with the Chargers! 
Couldn’t be happier and more 
thankful to all the support of my 
friends and family!” 
   After finishing 9-7 last season, 
the Chargers first preseason 
game is on Thursday, August 
13 at 10 p.m. against the Dallas 
Cowboys. 

Great Dane signs NFL free agent contract

By AAron Cheris 
Sports Editor
sports.asp@gmail.com

Photo from UAlbany Athletics 
Brian Parker’s size may help him get an NFL roster spot. 

Photo from UAlbany Athletics 
Parker made 39 catches last year. 

Photo from sportslogos.net  

Photo from sportslogos.net  

Photo by Julia Whitworth 
Cason Liles (right) won 20 of 33 face-offs for UAlbany. 

Throwback: The semester in photos 

Photo by Brandon Phillips 
Peter Hooley’s 3-pointer sent UAlbany to the NCAA Tournament. 

Photo from UAlbany Athletics 
Women’s basketball nearly upset 
Duke in the NCAA Tournament. 

Photo by Julia Whitworth 
Lyle Thompson became college lacrosse’s all-time 
leading scorer.

Photo from UAlbany Athletics 
Softball celebrates a Marlin Solano home run. 


ALBANY STUDENT PRE SS

albanystudentpress.netThe Albany Student Press Corporation

 Tuesday, May 5, 2015 - Issue 22

Since 1916

Crime Blotter

Suspicious face 
washer escapes

See page 2

Opinions

Editor-in-Chief takes 
her final bow

See page 3

Sports

Men’s Lacrosse wins 
America East 
Championship

See page 12

A & E

Wombats hit The 
Hollow Bar + Kitchen

See page 5

Follow us on                                  @albstudentpress

In Brief 

Stress Less UAlbany @ Your 
Libraries
5/6/2015 - 5/12/2015 
8 p.m. - 6 a.m.
University Library 
The University Library will 
provide jigsaw, word, Sudoku, 
and crossword puzzles, as 
well as board games, on the 
first floor, north side. Check 
the library’s website for other 
stress-relieving events during 
finals. 

Community Resilience, Recov-
ery and Preparedness
5/7/2015 
8:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.
Empire State Plaza Convention 
Center 
The NYS Division of Homeland 
Security and Emergency Servic-
es’ (DHSES) State Preparedness 
Training Center (SPTC) will 
present a policy colloquium 
that will discuss the association 
between resilience, recovery 
and preparedness framed as 
community resilience.

Albany Tulip Fest
5/9/2015
11 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Washington Park
Albany’s annual Tulip Festival 
will feature performances from  
Flagship, Joywave, and The 
Kooks. 

Weekly 
Weather Forecast
Wednesday 5/6

Partly Cloudy
High 79°F
Thursday 5/7

Mostly Sunny
High 80°F
Friday 5/8

Sunny
High 83°F
Saturday 5/9

PM Thunderstorms
High 82°F
Sunday 5/10

Showers
High 80°F
Monday 5/11

Light Rain
High 78°F

From the NWS

   
   On International Worker’s Day, 
which falls on May Day (May 1) 
each year, University at Albany 
faculty gathered outside the 
Campus Center to raise aware-
ness about the 
plight of contin-
gent faculty and 
staff at universi-
ties across the 
United States.
   “The biggest 
thing [we need] 
is pay equity with 
full-time lectur-
ers,” Rebekah 
Tolley, an adjunct 
in the art depart-
ment at UAlbany, 
said. “As one of 
my colleagues 
says, ‘you can’t 
eat lockers.’” 
   She was screen-
ing T-shirts at the 
table that read, 
“our teaching 
conditions are 
student learning 
conditions.” 
   The rally was 
held by the Con-
tingent Concerns 
Committee of the 
United University 
Professors (UUP) 
at UAlbany, the 
union for State 
University of New 
York faculty and staff. 
   Tolley said she hopes that 
tabling and holding rallies like 
this will help the issue “get more 

visibility” with students.
   “Students should ask where 
their tuition money is going,” she 
said.
   Tolley will teach one class 
at UAlbany in the fall, which 
means she won’t qualify for 
healthcare from the university. 
To make ends meet, she’ll also 

commute to SUNY Oneonta to 
teach. In the past, she said, she’s 
commuted to Massachusetts to 
teach a class. 
   The university currently has 

a separate committee, led by 
Provost James Stellar, investigat-
ing the issue of contingency with 
hopes to propose solutions. Stel-
lar said they expect to put out a 
public report sometime at the end 
of this semester or at the begin-
ning of the summer. 
   Some contingent faculty aren’t 
getting too hopeful too 
soon.
   “The concern is that 
the university com-
mittee on contingency 
won't get down to the 
root of the problem: 
insufficient pay, ben-
efits, and job security...  
Without addressing 
these working and liv-
ing conditions in a real 
way, students' learn-
ing conditions will be 
negatively impacted," 
Vincent Commisso, 
an adjunct professor 
in the political science 
department, said. 
   While the univer-
sity committee may 
make recommenda-
tions addressing these 
problems, he said, 
it is ultimately up to 
UAlbany to enact any 
tangible changes. 
   The president of 
UAlbany’s UUP 
chapter, Bret Benja-
min, however, remains 
optimistic while waiting 
for the results.  
   “While no committee 
is going to be a fix-it, cure-all 
answer,” he said, “I applaud the 
university for taking the issue 
with the seriousness it deserves.”

BY MADELINE ST. AMOUR
Incoming Managing Editor
production.asp@gmail.com

May Day 
UAlbany adjuncts rally for awareness

Photo by Madeline St. Amour
A member of the Contingent Concerns Committee of UUP 
created posters for students and faculty to take. Each had a 
fact about life as an adjunct professor.

High tech helps 
serve higher purpose

   Students from a physical com-
puting class in the informatics 
department demonstrated their 
final projects at the CCI show-
case held in the Campus Center 
Ballroom last Wednesday, April 
29. The theme for the project was 
accessibility and disability. Some 
of the students designed custom-
made prosthetic hands, made 

with 3-D printing technology as 
part of the e-NABLE project. 
   Students donated four hands 
with the e-NABLE project last 
semester. The project is an open 
source online community that 
has designs available to 3-D print 
prosthetic hands.

All photos by Michelle Checchi

   As the year draws to a close, so 
do some of the workings of the 
Student Association. 
   At its meeting on April 23 at 
1:03 a.m., SA passed their budget 
for the 2015-2016 school year. It 
also delivered news about Dip-
pikill, the SA-owned wilderness 
retreat, at the meeting.

A New Arrival at Dippikill
   Dippikill is a private wilderness 
retreat owned by the Student As-
sociation. The site is only open 
to students, alumni, and affili-
ates of the University at Albany. 
Dippikill has approximately 863 
acres of land, with nine rentable 
buildings present on the camp-
site. It is also home to a 20-acre 
pond and an ice-skating rink. The 
newest addition to the Dippikill 
campsite, called Julie’s Lodge, 
will be 4,000 square feet, and has 
a hopeful 2016 completion date. 
Unlike the other cabins on the 
site, which only have outhouses, 
Julie’s Lodge will have an indoor 
plumbing system.

Programming
   The Programming Depart-
ment’s 2015-2016 budget stands 
at $459,000. $290,000 was al-
located to concerts, $150,000 to 
Speaker Series, and $10,000 will 
go toward the annual SA Block 
Party. $4,000 was added to the 
department for senior portraits 
and $5,000 will go toward 
smaller events that the depart-
ment hosts throughout the year.

Senator Stipends
   There was a lengthy discussion 
regarding the implementation of 
senator stipends during the bud-
get meeting. Sen. Beroro Efekoro 
said too much money is going 
to stipends for e-board members 
and department directors. He 
argued that senators, who commit 
large amounts of time to SA, 

deserve stipends as well. 
   Senate Vice-Chair Stanley 
De La Cruz pointed out that 
the stipends currently in place 
for UAlbany’s SA are far lower 
than the stipends received by 
student government officials at 
other schools. Chief Justice Nick 
Butler added that the current 
stipends are too low to reflect the 
countless hours that department 
directors commit to SA.
   Efekoro motioned to give 
senators a $100 stipend, which 
would add $9,400 to the stipend 
line, but the motion failed in a 
vote. However, $800 was added 
to the stipend line for the senate 
secretary. 
    The total stipend line for 
the 2015-2016 school year is 
$47,150.

Men’s Rugby
   During the initial budget meet-
ing, the Men’s Rugby team was 
removed from the budget. This 
was due to the fact that the team 
was not eligible to be included in 
the budget since the team had no 
money in its account. To rectify 
this, the rugby team needed to 
return to SA to ask for funding. 
When the team returned to SA 
during the second budget meet-
ing, SA added $1 to the rugby 
account, thus making the team 
eligible to be included in the 
budget. The rugby budget was 
reinstated and currently stands at 
$11,145.

Appropriations
   There is a total of $85,000 in 
the Appropriations Line for the 
2015-2016 school year. The Ap-
propriations Line contains funds 
that SA can distribute to student 
groups.

New Leadership
   On Wednesday, April 29, Jarius 
Jemmott was sworn in as the new 
SA president, and Kevin Murphy 
was sworn in as vice president. 

BY KASSIE PARISI
Incoming Editor-in-Chief
asp_online@hotmail.com

SA passes budget as 
year comes to a close

BY MICHELLE CHECCHI
Outgoing Editor-in-Chief
asp_online@hotmail.com


         Tuesday, May 5, 2015ALBANY STUDENT

 P

RE SS

2

albany.edu/summer

2015

Flexible 4 and 6-week sessions • Online course options available
Registration begins March 23, 2015 and is ongoing

Sessions begin May 26, 2015 
and run throughout the summer

CHECK A SUBJECT 
4/24/2015
DOWNTOWN CAMPUS - DRAPER 
HALL 
CHECK A SUBJECT - REPORT OF A 

SUSPICIOUS MALE WASHING FACE 

IN SINK IN MEN’S ROOM. GONE 

UPON ARRIVAL.

PERSONS ANNOYING 
4/25/2015
COLONIAL QUAD - HERKIMER 
HALL 
MALE SUBJECT UNDER ALCOHOL 

IMPAIRMENT ENTERED A DORM 

ROOM CAUSING A DISTURBANCE. 
SUBJECT UNABLE TO CONTACT HIS 

HOST. ADVISED TO SPEND NIGHT 

AT HOTEL UNTIL HE COULD MAKE 

CONTACT WITH HIS HOST.

ASSIST RES LIFE 
4/25/2015
LIBERTY TERRACE - LT SOUTH 
REPORT OF TWO FEMALE 

ROOMMATES IN VERBAL DISPUTE. 
A CEASE AND DESIST ORDER TO BE 

ISSUED.

MEDICAL INCIDENT 
4/25/2015 
ALUMNI QUAD - WATERBURY 
HALL 
REPORT OF TWO MALE STUDENTS 

UNRESPONSIVE POSSIBLY DUE TO 

ALCOHOL. BOTH TRANSPORTED 

TO HOSPITAL BY 5QUAD. ONE 

STUDENT WAS FOUND TO HAVE 
OPIATES IN SYSTEM WHICH HE 

STATES HE DID NOT WILLINGLY 

TAKE.

CRISIS INTERVENTION 
4/25/2015 
DUTCH QUAD - STUYVESANT 
TOWER 
REPORT OF DEPRESSED MALE 

STUDENT ATTEMPTING SUICIDE 

BY TAKING PILLS. STUDENT ALSO 

HAD LACERATIONS TO BOTH 

ARMS. STUDENT GIVEN PHONE 

NUMBERS TO MIDDLE EARTH AND 
CRISIS COUNSELING CENTER. 
TRANSPORTED TO HOSPITAL BY 
5QUAD.

TITLE IX REFERRAL 
4/25/2015 
OTHER - OFF-CAMPUS 
REPORT OF INTOXICATED FEMALE 

STUDENT AT AN OFF CAMPUS 

PARTY HAD HER PANTS PULLED 

DOWN AND SHIRT AND BRA LIFTED 

EXPOSING HER BREAST BY A 

MALE STUDENT. SHE DOES NOT 

BELIEVE THAT SHE WAS TOUCHED 

IN A SEXUAL MANNER. STUDENT 

DOES NOT WANT TO PURSUE 

CRIMINAL OR JUDICIAL CHARGES. 
SHE WANTED TO HAVE ACCESS TO 
CAMPUS COUNSELING SERVICES.

PETIT LARCENY 
4/25/2015
PE COMPLEX - SEFCU ARENA 
REPORT OF APPARENT FORCED 

ENTRY TO MERCHANDISE STORE. 
LAPTOP COMPUTER AND TWO 

WATER BOTTLES STOLEN. POWER 
PLANT NOTIFIED TO SECURE 

BROKEN DOOR.

TAKE INTO CUSTODY MENTALLY 
ILL PERSON LIKELY TO HARM 
SOMEONE 
4/25/2015 
ALUMNI QUAD - ALDEN HALL
REPORT OF INTOXICATED MALE 

STUDENT BEING AGGRESSIVE 

WITH RES LIFE STAFF. DAMAGE 

TO HALLWAY AND STUDENTS 

ROOM WAS OBSERVED. BLOOD 

WAS OBSERVED ON STUDENTS 

HEAD AND HAND. STUDENT WAS 

BEHAVING IN A MANNER THAT 

WOULD LIKELY RESULT IN HARM 

TO SELF. ARRESTED FOR SAME. 
TRANSPORTED TO HOSPITAL BY 
5QUAD.

CRIMINAL MISCHIEF 3RD: 
DAMAGE ANOTHER’S PROPERTY-
AMOUNT>$250 
4/25/2015
PE COMPLEX - PE BUILDING 
REPORT OF A DAMAGED DOOR. 
LOCKING MECHANISM WAS 

DAMAGED. POWER PLANT WAS 

NOTIFIED. DOOR WAS NOT ABLE TO 

BE SECURED. KEY SHOP TO ASSESS 

THE DAMAGE.

CRIMINAL MISCHIEF - 3RD 
4/26/2015 
INDIAN QUAD - CAYUGA HALL 
REPORT OF A BROKEN WINDOW 

POSSIBLY BY EITHER PUNCHING 

OR HITTING IT WITH AN OBJECT. 
UNABLE TO DETERMINE A 

POTENTIAL SUSPECT. POWER 
PLANT WAS NOTIFIED.

CRIMINAL OBSTRUCTION 
BREATHING/BLOOD CIRCULATION 
- APPLY PRESSURE 
4/26/2015 
STATE QUAD - WHITMAN HALL 
REPORT OF THREE MALE STUDENTS 

IN A FIGHT. ONE MALE STUDENT 

ALLEGEDLY SLAPPED AND CHOKED 

ONE OF THE OTHER STUDENTS. 
ARRESTED FOR SAME. RES LIFE 

FACILITATED A MEETING BETWEEN 

THE THREE STUDENTS.

CHECK A SUBJECT 
4/26/2015
OTHER - UAB 
REPORT OF THREE STUDENTS 

POSSIBLY TAKING A GROUNDS 

VEHICLE FOR A JOY RIDE. 
UNFOUNDED.

WELFARE CHECK 
4/26/2015
DUTCH QUAD - BLEEKER HALL 
REPORT OF CONCERNED PARENT 

RECEIVING A TEXT MESSAGE 

FROM DAUGHTER. PARENT 

CONCERNED ABOUT THE LACK OF 

RESPONSE. STUDENT WAS LOCATED 

AND STATED THAT TEXT WAS A 

MISCOMMUNICATION.

CHECK A SUBJECT 
4/27/2015 
PE COMPLEX - PE BUILDING 
REPORT OF A SUSPICIOUS MALE 

SUBJECT.

ASSIST A PERSON 
4/27/2015
ROADWAYS - WASHINGTON 
AVENUE 
REPORT OF ROAD RAGE. 

PERSONS ANNOYING 
4/28/2015 
PE COMPLEX - LACROSSE FIELD 
REPORT OF PEOPLE CLIMBING 

FENCE TO ACCESS THE FIELD.

CRIMINAL POSSESSION OF 
MARIJUANA- 5TH DEGREE: 
PUBLIC PLACE
4/28/2015 
COLONIAL QUAD - CQ GROUNDS 
FOUR MALE STUDENTS FOUND TO 

BE IN POSSESSION OF MARIJUANA. 
ALL FOUR TO BE REFERRED. 
DUE TO PREVIOUS CONTACT FOR 

SIMILAR INCIDENT TWO WERE 

ARRESTED FOR SAME.

CRISIS INTERVENTION 
4/28/2015
INDIAN QUAD - IQ GROUNDS 
REPORT OF CONCERNED PARENT 

THAT HER SON THREATENED TO 

KILL HIMSELF. STUDENT WAS 

LOCATED AND VOLUNTARY AGREED 

TO SPEAK WITH SOMEONE AT 
ALBANY MED. TRANSPORTED TO 

HOSPITAL BY 5QUAD.

CRISIS INTERVENTION 
4/28/2015 
STATE QUAD - SQ OFFICE 
REPORT OF A FEMALE STUDENT 

WHO IS POSSIBLY SUICIDAL. 
MOBILE CRISIS WAS CALLED 

TO EVALUATE STUDENT. IT WAS 

DETERMINED THAT STUDENT WAS 

NOT A THREAT AND WAS ADVISED 

HOW TO GET HELP IN THE FUTURE.

MAINTENANCE PROBLEM 
4/28/2015
DOWNTOWN CAMPUS - HUSTED 
HALL 
NO WAY TO SPEAK TO INDIVIDUALS 

IN THE ELEVATOR IF THEY PRESS 

THE EMERGENCY BUTTON. POWER 
PLANT NOTIFIED.

ASSIST A PERSON 
4/29/2015
PODIUM - CAMPUS CENTER 
REPORT OF A POSSIBLE VIOLENT 

ACTION TO OCCUR DUE TO A 

STABBING THE NIGHT BEFORE. 
INFORMATION RELAYED TO CIU.

UNLAWFUL POSSESSION OF 
MARIJUANA 
4/29/2015 
OTHER - CHAPEL HOUSE
SIX MALE AND 3 FEMALE 

STUDENTS FOUND TO BE IN 

POSSESSION OF MARIJUANA. ALL 

TO BE REFERRED. ONE STUDENT 

WAS ARRESTED FOR SAME.

CHECK A SUBJECT 
4/29/2015
PODIUM - SOCIAL SCIENCE 
MALE STUDENT AND FEMALE 

STUDENT IN A REPORTED 

ALTERCATION. MALE STUDENT 

FOLLOWED FEMALE STUDENT AND 

CONTINUED YELLING AND MAKING 

HER UNCOMFORTABLE. MALE 

STUDENT HAS A KNOWN MENTAL 

ILLNESS. AFTER DISCUSSION MALE 

WAS ADVISED AND DID LEAVE THE 

AREA.

PERSONS ANNOYING 
4/29/2015
STATE QUAD - MELVILLE HALL 
REPORT OF A FEMALE STUDENT 

RECEIVING A DISTURBING BUT 

NOT DIRECTLY THREATENING 
FACEBOOK MESSAGE.

FIRE 
4/30/2015 
PODIUM - CHEMISTRY 
FIRE - DUE TO AN EXPERIMENT 

OVERHEATING AND CAUSING 

A FIRE. CHEMICAL FIRE 

EXTINGUISHER WAS ABLE TO 

PUT OUT FIRE. POWER PLANT TO 

REPLACE FIRE EXTINGUISHER.

Students’ health drink 
startup continues to grow 

   
   Luke Evans and Marc Iskan-
dar, the two young entrepreneurs 
of the super-food health drink 
ChugaChaga, recently placed 
first in the Capital Region semi-
finals of the New York Business 
Plan Competition (NYBPC), 
winning a 3-foot-tall trophy.
   Evans (CEO and CFO) and 
Iskandar (president), along with 
Adam Kaiser, head of marketing 
and sales, received a bronze cup-
shaped trophy while standing in 
front of the judges and audience 
in the CERN Building of the 
College of Nanoscale Science 

and Engineering in Albany. 
   “We immediately poured some 
chaga in it and started taking 
some swigs out of the trophy,” 
Iskandar said.
   The University at Albany 
students and founders of Chuga-
Chaga advanced to the final 
round of the competition, which 
took place on April 24. They 
competed against nine other New 
York state regions and came in 
third in the products and services 
track. 
   The contest was broken into 
six tracks where the companies 
pitched their business plans for 
10 minutes to a panel of entre-

preneurs and business experts, 
followed by five minutes for 
questions and answers. The 
tracks were information technol-
ogy/software, biotechnology/
healthcare, energy/sustainability, 
nanotechnology/advanced tech-
nology, social entrepreneurship/
non-profit and products/services. 
   Some of the other business 
pitches came from sustainabil-
ity company LuxOrion, ACV 
Metrology, and a bioseed engi-
neering program out of Cornell 
University called UMA Bioseed, 
which placed first overall in the 
competition. The Cornell Uni-
versity team received $100,000 
in funding at the sixth annual 
NYBPC.

   ChugaChaga’s pitch changed 
from the semifinal round to the 
final round, Iskandar said. They 
addressed the issue of sustain-
ability in chaga, a super-food 
mushroom that grows on birch 
trees, and said through their 
calculations there is an estimated 
1.3 billion pounds of chaga on 
the planet. 
   “We reiterated the point that 
that gives us more than enough 
potential for the next three years 
of development and at that point 
we’ll have the resources to hire a 
scientist or botanist who will be 
able to cultivate chaga and keep 
us on the cutting edge of our 

market,” Iskandar said. 
    Evans and Iskandar have been 
working closely throughout the 
year with Bill Brigham, director 
of UAlbany’s School of Busi-
ness. They were also enrolled in 
the Small Enterprise Economic 
Development (SEED) program. 
The SEED program, hosted 
by the School of Business and 
SEFCU, consists of a few small 
business entrepreneurs who go 
over business plans in classes 
every Monday.
   Other companies in the pro-
gram include a grocery and mis-
cellaneous delivery service and a 
medical supply transport service 
for Veterans Affairs that only em-
ploys veterans. Evans explained 
that beginning the 
first week of June 
each business will 
begin pitching their 
plans to representa-
tives of SEFCU to 
potentially be loaned 
$35,000. 
   ChugaChaga also 
won the Patashnick 
Entrepreneurship 
Challenge sum-
mer stipend. Har-
vey Patashnick is a 
UAlbany alum who 
conducted ground-
breaking research in 
particle measuring. 
He has since started 
up a company that 
was sold off to a 
Fortune 500 com-
pany and then set 
up an organization 
awarding stipends to 
small companies for 
summer research. The 
stipend has yet to be disclosed.  
   ChugaChaga also has a 
gofundme.com page to raise 
money.
   The plan from there, Evans 
said, is to begin production. 
They’ve already contracted a 
company based in Albany to 
produce the glass bottles for the 
beverages, as well as a produc-
tion and co-packing company 
based in Wayne, N.J. to bottle the 
drink. 
   If all goes according to plan, 
the entrepreneurial duo of 
ChugaChaga is looking to begin 
bottling in June or July of 2015. 

BY NICK MUSCAVAGE
Staff Writer
theaspnews@gmail.com

Photo by Nick Muscavage 
The founders of ChugaChaga came in third in the final round of the Capital 
Region New York Business Plan Competition. 

THE NEWS DOESN’T STOP IN THE SUMMER. PITCH 

YOUR IDEAS AND SEND STORIES TO THEASPNEWS@

GMAIL.COM, AND CHECK FOR UPDATES ON THE 
ASP’S TWITTER AND FACEBOOK. 


3

ALBANY STUDENT

 P

RE SS

 Tuesday, May 5, 2015

OPINIONS

The Albany Student Press is published Tuesdays from Septem-
ber through May by the Albany Student Press Corporation, an in-
dependent, not-for-profit organization. Advertisements, as well as 
letter and column content, do not necessarily reflect the opinion of 
the ASP staff. The Albany Student Press is a registered trademark 
of the Albany Student Press Corporation which has exclusive rights 
to any materials herein.
Content in the opinions section does not necessarily reflect that 
of the Albany Student Press editors, or staff. All unsigned editorials 
are written with the approval of the editorial board.
Contact the Albany Student Press for information about 
advertising and publication schedules:
Newsroom: Campus Center 326
E-mail: asp.advertising@gmail.com
www.albanystudentpress.net

Michelle checchi, Outgoing Editor-in-Chief
Kassie Parisi, Incoming Editor-in-Chief 
Madeline st. aMour, Managing Editor
Janie FranK,  News Editor 
Julia day, A&E Editor
anthony doMinguez, Assistant A&E Editor
aaron cheris, Sports Editor
Kevin Mercado, Opinions Editor
Kyle PlasKe, Copy Shrimp
ada Mbogu, Copy Editor 
Keith heeseMann, Business Manager
era bushati, Web Editor
nia sanders, Web Editor
nicole wallacK, Web Editor

ALBANY STUDENT

 P

RE SS

   

   Last week, I talked to my 18-year-old brother on 
the phone. He joined the Army right out of high 
school, and he’s currently based in Texas. So un-
fortunately, he won’t be able to make it to Albany 
to see me walk the stage at graduation. 
   As I’m talking to him about just how fast the past 
four years have gone, he asks me a question so 
straightforward and innocent that I couldn’t contain 
my laughter. 
   “Was it fun?” he asked me. I could hear him grin-
ning over the phone. 
   My teenage brother hasn’t been to college and 
can’t even legally have a beer, but the guy wakes 
up at 4:30 a.m. every day and shoots army-grade 
weapons. For him, hearing about the fun is very 
important.
   One of my mentors told me to make this editorial 
count. So I think that’s what I’d like to write about: 
making it count. 
   Sunday evenings at 12 a.m., while most of my 
peers (and fellow humans in general) were toeing 
around their homes or dorms in pajamas, I was 
padding around the third floor of Campus Center, 
oftentimes also in my socks. 
   After working on the newspaper for a few hours, 
I’d usually take a break to walk around the halls, 
which were ghostly quiet at that time of night. I’d 
pace back and forth and stare out the windows at 
the colored lights going through their cyclical pat-
terns in the fountain. 
   Sunday nights the campus is very quiet. 
   It’s hard to look back on the past four years and 
sum it up in a few hundred words, but I like to 
think that I made it count. I think that this can often 
be the biggest challenge, in so many aspects of life.
   When you know you have another year or two of 
college left, it doesn’t matter if you take advantage 
of an opportunity, because you always have next 

year. Or even next month, or next week.
   Well, for myself and the other members of the 
2015 graduating class, we’re down to our last 
handfuls of tomorrows to make it count. 
   But, luckily for us, that’s just for this chapter. 
So I’d like to remind myself, and the other mem-
bers of the 2015 graduating class, that, as we go 
forward down these different wayward roads, we 
really do have to remember to make it count.
   At events like your college graduation, you get 
slapped in the face with a reminder of how quickly 
“it” goes. It’s life giving you a wake up call, paging 
the building and seeing if you’re home.
   I’m lucky enough to have the medium of the ASP 
to write a final collegiate manifesto. After the last 
four years of work I’ve put into the paper, it’s one 
of the few physical things I’ve gotten in return, in 
this mostly thankless endeavor. 
   I’d like to thank my colleagues on the paper for 
working with me (otherwise known as “dealing 
with me”) for the past four years, and for allowing 
me to lead them for the past 12 months. 
   I’d like to thank all of the friends and mentors 
I met along the way, for shaping (for better or for 
worse) who I’ve become over the course of the 
past four years.
   Ninety-nine years ago, when the Albany Student 
Press was in it’s first year of existence, the world 
was a very different place. The ASP is older than 
you or I, and has carried the precursors to thou-
sands of adult lives in its pages.
   Congratulations to my fellow graduates. To quote 
Elle Woods: “We did it!”
   And yes, to answer your question David - it was 
fun.

But often, in the world’s most crowded streets,
But often, in the din of strife,
There rises an unspeakable desire
After the knowledge of our buried life;
“The Buried Life”
Matthew Arnold, 1852

BY MICHELLE CHECCHI
Outgoing Editor-in-Chief
asp_online@hotmail.com

… Four years later

        

   My mother always told me to 
reach for the sky and never let 
anything hold me down. She 
always encouraged me to fol-
low my dreams and be the best 
person that I can be. She pro-
vided guidance whenever I was 
lost or scared. She provided love 
whenever I yearned for affection. 
She provided hope whenever I 
lost mine and was too weak to 
believe in myself. 
   And now, a year and seven 
months after her passing, I still 
cling on to every word she has 
instilled in me as I get ready to 
embark on this new chapter of 
my life as a college graduate. 
   My childhood was filled with 
happy memories of my mother 
and myself. I remember when 
I was 3 years old, and we had 
just moved into our new house 
on Long Island and she and my 
father worked endlessly to turn 
an empty nest into our home.     
   My mother bought silk curtains 
from the flea market and put 
them on the windows. She also 
got a porcelain white china dish 
set and put the dishes into the 
new armoire in the dining room. 
I think she felt accomplished 
because she was able to buy her 
first home on the island so that 
her family could have a better 
life. I remember her going to 
work at the hospital every night 
and coming back early in the 
mornings to help my brother and 
I get ready for pre-school. 
   My mother encouraged me to 
be an avid reader and writer at 
an early age. She took me to the 
local library, where I got my first 
library card when I was 5 years 
old. It was then that my love 
affair with books and reading 
began to grow. I must have read 
a thousand books throughout my 
youth. I got lost in the stories of 
“Harry Potter,” “Clifford the Big 
Red Dog,” “An American Girl,” 
“Sweet Valley Kids,” “The Baby 
Sitters Club,” “Flowers in the At-
tic,” “Matilda,” “June B. Jones” 
and countless more. Every day 
after school, my mother would 

take me to the library and drop 
me off at the kids’ section, while 
she went downstairs to study 
for exams to earn her master’s 
degree in nursing. Through her, 
I learned that education is the 
ultimate tool toward success. 
   My mother gave me my very 
first journal when I was 10 years 
old. It was a blue and yellow 
hardcover notebook with pictures 
of stilettos on it and a gold brass 
lock. She told me to write to my 
heart’s content, and so I did. 
   I wrote about my awkwardness 
in school and how the other kids 
were bullying me in my class for 
being “different.” I wrote about 
how alone I felt because my 
brother was autistic and couldn’t 
talk to me the way other siblings 
could. I talked about how diffi-
cult it was to be a kid growing up 
with two strict Nigerian parents. 
I think my mother sensed that I 
had a rough time articulating my 
thoughts into words, and thought 
that the best thing for me to do to 
process my emotions was write 
them down. 
   My mother also taught me how 
to ride a bicycle. I laugh at this 
memory now because we were 
fighting that day. I did not want 
to learn how to ride because I 
was too afraid of falling. Because 
of my fear, I couldn’t play with 
other kids in the neighborhood. 
All the kids had these cool bi-
cycles and all I had was my pink 
and purple tricycle. 
   My mother, in her tenacious 
fashion, dragged my tricycle and 
me to the park and took off the 
training wheels. She urged me 
to hop on the bike, and when I 
said no, she carried my behind 
and plopped me on the bike and 
started pushing me. Reluctantly, 
I start pedaling. She told me she 
was going to let go, and when 
she did, I fell to the ground and 
scraped my knee. I looked at her 
and start whimpering, but she 
told me to wipe my tears and try 
again. I got back up, got on my 
bike, she pushed, and again I fell. 
The cycle continued well into the 
evening and even when I wanted 
to go home, she refused.  
   “We’re not going home until 
you learn how to ride that bike.” 

   And I did learn after a while. 
When my mom finally let go of 
me and I was riding my bike into 
the sunset, I felt so proud and 
accomplished. And I know my 
mom did, too. 
   It’s funny because I never ap-
preciated the love I had for my 
mother until she died. As I grew 
into a teenager, our relationship 
got strained. It was one of those 
instances where, as a bratty teen-
ager, you think that you hold all 
the answers and that your mom’s 
sole existence is to ruin your 
life. In retrospect, I think I was 
so foolish to not fully listen to 
my mother when she would give 
advice on boys, clothes, educa-
tion, and life as a black woman. 
It’s only now that I’m in my 20s 
that I finally begin to realize that 
my mother’s wisdom is the truth 
that I needed to hear. 
   My mother taught me so much. 
She taught me to how to love and 
nurture my family. She taught me 
how to be inquisitive, to speak 
my mind, and to always have a 
thirst for knowledge. She taught 
me how to love myself and treat 
myself like the queen I am. She 
taught me how to be indepen-
dent and not rely on a man or 
anyone else to take care of me.  
She taught me how to be strong, 
even when adversity is thrown 
my way and I don’t know how to 
deal with it. And most impor-
tantly, she taught me to be myself 
and to love my individuality. 
   I am 23 years old and my 
mother is no longer here with 
me. But I know that she would 
want me to be happy and to live 
my life to the fullest. 
   I am 23 years old and I am 
about to graduate from college. 
I have my whole life ahead of 
me and even though my mother 
is not here with me anymore, I 
will never forget the memories 
that we shared together. This is 
the time to celebrate not only 
my accomplishments as a young 
woman, but also the life that al-
lowed me to get this far. 

BY ADA MBOGU
Outgoing Copy Editor
asp.copyeditor@gmail.com

The sky is the limit

      

   The United States has been 
in war 222 years out of 239 
years since 1776. It is also the 
only country to develop nuclear 
weapons and actually use it dur-
ing war, with the bombings of 
Japanese cities Hiroshima and 
Nagasaki during World War II.
   “Today we urgently need a 
new, more fundamental approach 
to peace that can neutralize the 

very basis of terrorism and war,” 
John Hagelin, president of the 
Global Union of Scientists for 
Peace.
   This country’s fundamentals 
seem to lie in the act of retalia-
tion and sticking its nose where 
it does not belong. The United 
States knows that it is a lead-
ing country in the world and a 
superpower. It seems that it uses 
(and even abuses) the power it 
has by trying to be the mediator 
for other countries whose phi-
losophies do not align with those 
of the United States, or coun-
tries that seem to need the most 
assistance, whether or not they 
actually do.
   I was recently told that some-
times war is necessary, that 
sometimes when someone or 
some country is committing a 
terrorist crime, it is necessary to 
take action. I was told, “we can’t 
just stand by and let that hap-
pen.” 
   I completely agree. I agree that 
people who think it is okay to 

commit these foul crimes can-
not think that it is okay. I agree 
that something needs to be done 
about that. But I also think ap-
proaching situations with nuclear 
and armed weapons will most 
likely not make these situations 
any better.
   Enough is enough. This coun-
try has seen far more times of 
war than peace and we do not 
seem to be getting anywhere. 
There needs to be another solu-
tion.
   An act as simple as commu-

nication could be the difference 
between war and peace. It might 
help to see why terrorist coun-
tries are acting the way they 
are, to find out what has pushed 
them to do the things they did or 
plan to do. More communication 
could help solve the problem.
   I realize that this cannot hap-
pen overnight, but if the United 
State starts to open up these con-
versations, it will be introduced 
to a worldview that was once 
unfamiliar. 
   Perhaps the answer lies in gath-
ering people who believe in the 
same ideas for peace. A petition 
could be made, peaceful protests 
could be conducted (not like the 
riots that have occurred recently), 
and awareness could be spread 
for those who do not realize that 
there are other alternatives to 
conflict resolutions rather than 
enacting war.
   The Guardian writer, Brian 
Lehrer, wrote, “To end war, just 
advocate for the unacceptability 
of war. In all countries, at all 

times, especially when tensions 
rise.”
   Every individual and every 
country need to come together to 
realize that war does more harm 
than good. War kills thousands, 
if not millions, of people and 
causes trauma for the families 
of those whose lives are lost in 
war, as well as the soldiers who 
return home. The cities that have 
seen war have been devastated. 
The economy suffers immensely 
after dealing with the costly 
effects of war. These effects put 

society, American or otherwise, 
in turmoil when dealing with the 
deficits, economic and emotional, 
people have to deal with on the 
home front. 
   If countries could utilize the 
power of words over the power 
of weapons, then war wouldn’t 
have to be an option. It is terrify-
ing to think of what a war here 
in America would look like and 
if the United States is not careful 
enough, war will come home. 
   It is not fair to put everyone in 
a country through a living hell 
and tell them that it is for the 
greater good. It would be the 
greatest good to find peaceful 
alternatives to solving problems 
across different nations.
   And to the guy who told me 
that sometimes we need war, I 
don’t think war is ever the an-
swer. I think we all need to open 
ourselves up to the idea that we 
could all live in peace. 

BY KEVIN MERCADO
Opinions Editor
opinions.asp@gmail.com

How we can solve a 
problem like war

Want to continue writing 
for Opinions?
Start next semester or send 
content over the summer
opinions.asp@gmail.com
Thanks for a great year and 
have a better summer!


4ALBANY STUDENT

 P

RE SSTuesday, May 5, 2015

You may not 
have time to think 
about retirement.

We think about it all day long.

Just as you put others fi

 rst, our priority is you.

Talk with us. We can help balance your needs

for today with your savings goals for tomorrow.

Let’s build your plan together.

Our Fidelity® Planning and Guidance 
Consultants are here for you.

To set up an appointment that fi

 ts your schedule, call 

800.642.7131 or visit www.netbenefi

 ts.com/SUNY . 

Keep in mind that investing involves risk. The value of your investment will fl

 uctuate over time and you may gain or 
lose money.
* If you invest in the SUNY ORP through Fidelity, you will be investing in a variable group annuity contract issued by 

Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (“MassMutual”), 1295 State Street, Springfi

 eld, MA 01111-0001, and 

administered by Fidelity Investments. If benefi

 t payments are annuitized under the group annuity contract issued by 

MassMutual, those benefi

 t guarantees are subject to the claims-paying ability of MassMutual. 

Content in this communication and any allocation made to the variable group annuity contract is not and should not be construed as a solicitation or recommendation to purchase 
an annuity contract. 

Guidance provided is educational. 

MassMutual and Fidelity Investments are not affi

 liated.

†

 Based on two surveys: The PLANSPONSOR magazine 2014 Recordkeeping Survey (© Asset International, Inc.), based on defi

 ned-contribution plan assets administered and number of participants 
of recordkeepers, as of 12/31/2013; and Cerulli Associates’ The Cerulli Edge

®

— Retirement Edition, third quarter 2014, based on an industry survey of fi

 rms reporting total IRA assets administered 
for Q2 2014.
The trademarks and/or service marks appearing above are the property of FMR LLC and may be registered.
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC. © 2015 FMR LLC. All rights reserved.  684538.2.0

One-on-one. Always free.
That’s guidance from America’s Retirement Leader

SM†

Fidelity Investments is now an authorized investment provider* for the SUNY Optional Retirement Program.

20871_17_AD_AlbanyStudent Press.indd   13/10/15   8:40 AM


ALBANYSTUDENTPRE SSTuesday, May 5, 2015

5

Arts & Entertainment

BY JULIA DAY
Arts & Entertainment Editor
artsent.asp@gmail.com

BY JAMES KING
Staff Writer
artsent.asp@gmail.com

From Liverpool to Albany
The Wombats play a sold out show at The Hollow

   “So I’m moving to New York cause 
I’ve got problems with my sleep, 
looks like Christmas came early, 
Christmas came early for me,” lead 
vocalist Matthew Murphy belts into the microphone. 
   Christmas certainly came early for fans of The Wombats, who 
“moved to New York” while stopping on their tour to rock down-
town Albany.
   The Wombats, an English indie rock band originating from 
Liverpool, played to a sold out crowd this past weekend at The 
Hollow Bar + Kitchen on Friday, May 1 to promote their new album, 
“Glitterbug.” Albany is one of many stops for the band on their inter-
national tour, playing in the United States, Canada, Australia, and all 
over Europe. 
   The Wombats formed in 2003 at the Liverpool Institute of 
Performing Arts, where band members Matthew Murphy, Dan 
Haggis, and Tord Overland Knudsen all met. During the first years 
of their formation the band released a number of EPs, as well as an 
album titled “Girls, Boys and Marsupials,” exclusively in Japan.
   The band released their album “A Guide to Love, Loss, and 
Desperation,” in 2007 to successful reviews, reaching number 11 on 
the UK Albums Chart. This was followed by “This Modern Glitch,” 
in 2011 moving up to number three on the UK Albums Chart.
   After four years, their long anticipated album “Glitterbug,” was 
released on April 13, 2015. With three new hit singles “Your Body 
is a Weapon,” “Greek Tragedy,” and “Give Me a Try,” The Wombats 
are back bigger than ever.
   “They say your first album is luck, your second is a rebellion and 
your third is what defines you,” Murphy said in a press release. “As 
proud as I am of the first two albums, I think Glitterbug will be what 
defines The Wombats.”
   The line was out the door as eager fans waited to enter The Hollow 
in downtown Albany. As concert goers began trickling into the small, 
intimate venue, Pennsylvania indie pop band Cheerleader gave an 

energetic opening act. Having formed in 2012, the band will be 
releasing their debut album later this year titled “Sunshine of Your 
Youth.” Cheerleader played songs from their EP “On Your Side,” as 
well as material from their new album.
   Cheerleader proved themselves to be an entertaining opening act. 
“Sunshine of Your Youth” was the song that stood out the most, with 
a catchy guitar intro that’s bound to stick in your head. Their act 
showcased the band’s talent and future potential as they continue to 
tour the United States with The Wombats.
   Northeast radio station WEQX 102.7, affectionately known as 
“The Real Alternative,” had one of their jockeys at the event. As 
the stage was being prepped in between acts, WEQX jockey Keller 
thanked both Cheerleader and The Wombats for coming to play in 
Albany.
   The intimate venue was packed to capacity as fans waited for The 
Wombats to take the stage. The Hollow, although small, provided a 
clear view of the stage from whichever vantage point concert goers 
stood.
   As the lights dimmed and The Wombats took the stage, the crowd 
went wild. The band immediately started off the set with one of their 
latest singles from “Glitterbug,” “Your Body is a Weapon.” The 
enthusiasm for the band’s new material was apparent as fans clapped 
and danced along to the first song.
   The Wombats went on to play a fresh mix of songs both old and 
new from all three albums, including fan favorites “Moving to New 
York,” “Jump Into the Fog,” “Kill the Director,” “Headspace,” and 
others. The band truly gave an amazing performance, with some 
songs sounding better live than they do recorded. During one of their 
slower renditions “Little Miss Pipedream,” Murphy’s headlining 
voice mixed with background vocals from Haggis and Knudsen gave 
a soothing dreamlike lull that will never have the same effect on the 
album as it does live.
   In between songs, The Wombats’ humorous interjections and on 
stage banter gave a true look into the band members’ likable person-
alities. 
   “That actually wasn’t that bad,” joked drummer Dan Haggis after 
a song.
   During more banter, Murphy went on to start talking about the 
television phenomenon, “Breaking Bad.”
   “Does anyone in this room know someone who doesn’t like 
‘Breaking Bad?’ Because I don’t think they exist,” said Murphy.
   The band members went on to discuss doing something “weird” 
for their fans, which then led Murphy to carry his microphone down 
into the audience as they sang their next song. Fans eagerly took 
out their phones to record Murphy as he sung among the crowd 
members.
   The Wombats made constant references to their merchandise 
seller named Grossman, standing at the merchandise table not far 
from the stage. The band members alerted the audience that it was 
Grossman’s birthday, rousing them to sing him happy birthday to 
which they happily complied.
   Ending their set with the synth-heavy “Tokyo (Vampires and 
Wolves),” the audience cried out for an encore. The Wombats went 
on to perform two more songs, “Emoticons” from their new album, 
and finally the song the audience had all been waiting for “Let’s 

Dance to Joy Division.” This fan favorite sent the audience bouncing 
off their feet and into the air, dancing their pants off. There was defi-
nitely no better way to have ended the night.
   The Wombats not only gave a stellar performance, but also put on 
an interactive and exciting audience experience.
   “The Wombats did not waste a single moment on stage to share 
their unique energy with the audience,” said University at Albany 
student Sarah Sabin. “In between songs they engaged in good-
humored banter between the crowd as if talking to a group of old 
friends.”
   With fresh material from “Glitterbug” along with classics from 
previous albums, there is no doubt that their success will continue to 
grow. The Wombats gave an outstanding performance in Albany this 
past weekend, satisfying fans both old and new. 
 
 
Comedian Brian Regan coming to the Palace Theatre

   On Friday May 8, 
renowned stand-up 
comedian Brian 
Regan will be 
performing at the Palace Theatre in Albany. 
   Regan has had many notable accomplishments 
over the span of his 20 year career, including 
selling out the Red Rocks Amphitheater in Denver 
and performing on “The Late Show” with David 
Letterman 27 times.
   “Some people like to describe my comedy as 
observational, but I don’t like to give it a category,” 
Regan said in a phone interview.
   Regan has been doing stand-up comedy since 
he was in college. His interest started when he 
was in a public speaking class, trying to make his 
presentations entertaining and funny. It was at that 
point he decided he no longer wanted to be an 
accounting major.
   “It wasn’t until I made people laugh in class that 
I realized that this was something I wanted to do,” 
Regan said.
   Regan has performed in Albany several times 
during his career, including shows at The Egg and 
the Palace Theatre. Regan enjoys performing in 
the Albany area because his mother is an alumni of 
The College of Saint Rose.
   “Performing in Albany is always fun because it’s 
cool to think that my mother spent a good portion 
of her life here,” he said. “I’ve never taken a tour of 
Saint Rose, but I have driven passed the campus.”
   One of Regan’s favorite parts of being a stand-up 
comedian is that he gets to see different parts of the 
world.
   “As much as I like to perform in cities, it’s 
always fun to perform in a place like Albany or 
other smaller venues because it’s cool to see the 
country,” he said.
   Before performing at the Palace Theatre this 
week, Brian Regan will be performing for the 28th 

time on “The Late Show” with David Letterman. 
His first time performing on the show was 20 years 
ago in 1995. Letterman has always been a huge fan 
of Brian Regan. Outside of stand-up comedy, Brian 
Regan was recently in the movie “Top 5” with 
Chris Rock.
   Brian Regan has seen many changes in stand-up 
comedy over his illustrious career. Regan feels that 
these changes in comedy won’t effect the success 
of stand-up comedians.
   “I don’t think it’s easier or harder to be coming 
up in comedy now, it’s just different,” he said. 
“When I was first coming up in comedy being on 
late night television was making it. Now there are 
podcast and YouTube.”
   Like many comedians, Regan views George 
Carlin as a huge inspiration. One of the things he 
likes most about Carlin is his respect of the craft.
   “George Carlin reached the level of celebrity 
when he didn’t have to perform stand-up on late 
night, he could have just done an interview, but 
he insisted on performing because he loved to do 
stand-up,” Regan said.
   This same determination and love of the craft 
shows up in Regan, who is constantly coming up 
with new material for his audiences.
   “I would never like to do a show of my greatest 
hits,” he said. “People will only come to see that 
two, maybe three times. I like to keep writing new 
jokes and seeing how they work with an audience.”
   Regan is a workhorse in stand-up comedy, and 
while he may not have the name recognition that 
some big comedians have, he has the respect of his 
peers and a committed fan base. 
 

Want to write for A&E? You still can!
Send us contributions over the summer or write next semester
E-mail artsent.asp@gmail.com for more information
Have a great summer!

Credit: Ticketfly
The Wombats met in Liverpool, England in 2003.

Photo by Julia Day
Indie pop band Cheerleader gives an impressive opening act.

Photo by Jerry Metellus
Brian Regan has been performing stand-up comedy for 20 years.


 Tuesday, May 5, 2015ALBANY STUDENT

 P

RE SS

6
“Avengers: Age of Ultron” takes reality 
into its own hands

                                                                                                                 In creating a grand narrative of films, 
Marvel has entered a competition with 
itself to ensure that sequels to their 
previous blockbusters are even bigger 
spectacles than the ones that came before. Pioneers of the “after-
credits scenes,” Marvel cleverly built massive suspension leading 
up to their 2012 mega-hit “The Avengers” by way of offering sneak-
peeks to a much bigger film through smaller pieces in their narrative.
   For fans of Marvel’s Cinematic Universe, “The Avengers” was 
more than just the latest superhero film amongst the never-ending 
wave the genre seems to offer as of late. “The Avengers” was both 
literally and figuratively an amalgamation of everything that came 
before it within the MCU. Characters from a collective of films 
shared the big screen together and in doing so, Marvel kept fans 
happy by offering what entertainment spectacles do best—the depic-
tion of unparalleled destruction. 
   The final set piece in “The Avengers” saw downtown Manhattan 
obliterated on a myriad of levels. Images of overturned cars, giant 
craters in pavement, average citizens cowering in fear for their lives, 
and entire buildings being brought down dominated the screen in a 
manner that eerily recalled America’s own anxiety after the Sept. 11, 
2001 attacks. 
   Yet this depiction of destruction that recalls our own reality is 
made alright by way of being fantastical. Colorful, costumed super-
heroes zip through the air and run through the streets, battling the 
forces of evil from space and beyond. The sheer absurdity of the 
battle brings “The Avengers” back to the realm of fictitious cinema, 
thereby removing the anxiety behind the film’s realistic and destruc-
tive images. 
   With the release of “Avengers: Age of Ultron,” however, Marvel 
has needed to create a film which is not only a bigger spectacle 
than “The Avengers” but also its film competitors in the super-hero 
genre, namely DC, who released “Man of Steel” in 2013, which also 
featured citywide mass destruction. “Avengers: Age of Ultron” is 
slowly reaching a limit where images meant to entertain and enthrall 
become disturbing.
   Joss Whedon returns as director and writer and wastes no time 
in jumping straight into the action. The movie begins with a battle 
between the superhero group and Hydra, the terrorist organization 
from the “Captain America” films. There’s hardly anything new here 
that hasn’t been seen already. “Captain America: The Winter Soldier” 
enhanced its action by way of camera movement, a technique that’s 
unfortunately absent in “Avengers: Age of Ultron.”
   Choreography becomes repetitive, with the only refreshing aspect 
being the quips between members of the group, which successfully 
keeps the tone between action and comedy that Marvel’s films have 
established for themselves. The camera movement that is present 

during these action scenes are jerky due to the constant jumping 
Whedon uses to showcase everyone, creating a sense of nausea that 
is further fueled by the literal twists and turns of the actors’ bodies. 
   Two new characters are introduced in the midst of the action, 
Pietro Maximoff, (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) and his twin sister Wanda 
Maximoff (Elizabeth Olsen). Pietro possess the power of super-speed 
while Wanda can use hypnosis and telekinesis. Wanda kicks off the 
plot of the film by hypnotizing Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) into 
seeing an apocalyptic vision where the Avengers have all died and 
the Earth has succumbed to an alien invasion. Once the battle ends, 
the twins have disappeared and the Avengers have become success-
ful in retrieving Loki’s scepter from the Hydra base.
   Later in secret, Tony Stark and Dr. Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) 
use Loki’s scepter to create the artificial intelligence Ultron, the 
film’s villain. Fueled by his fear, Stark wishes to create a being who 
would be able to preemptively defeat the Earth’s enemies.
   “Avengers: Age of Ultron” attains a level of reflexivity where 
reality is made cinematic and fictional but in doing so foregoes the 
effects that such images and narratives contain at the cost of cheap 

entertainment. As a franchise dedicated to breaking the billion dollar 
mark, every new film raises the stakes and the mayhem that comes 
along with it.
   Reprieves between the action pieces offer relief for both the 
Avengers and audiences, but ultimately showcase Whedon’s inability 
to evolve as both a writer and a director. 
   At the end of the day the superheroes have to band together 
because they’re the only ones who can save the world, but oddly 
enough are the same ones who thrust it into chaos. As if aware of 
being stuck within a repetitive narrative, Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) 
comments on his want to not be mind-controlled by Wanda as he’s 
“already done it once.”
   The film is never truly over. Even when the action is done, we are 
given hints to future films within the franchise, be they the inevitable 
sequel or smaller films that will follow along. Money is at stake here 
and if more destruction is what brings in audiences, then it’s diffi-
cult to conceive where the franchise will go with “Avengers: Age of 
Ultron” destroying one city and leveling another.

BY ANTHONY DOMINGUEZ
Assistant A&E Editor
artsent.asp@gmail.com

BY ELI ENIS
Staff Writer
artsent.asp@gmail.com

BY NICOLE WALLACK
Web Editor
artsent.asp@gmail.com

Metal band Sworn In
pushes new boundaries

Netflix vs. Hulu vs. Yahoo Screen
Inconsistencies of online streaming

   In a culture of 
binge watching, the 
release schedules 
for some of Yahoo 
Screen and Hulu’s shows seem simply archaic. 
   Netflix, the leading proponent of the binge-
watching model and a major online content provid-
er, uploads all the episodes of each new season of 
a show at once, including its own original content. 
This mass release of episodes of original content 
allows a person to watch the show at his or her 
own pace and does not force weekly timed viewer 
ratings, like regular television does. 
   The Netflix model is a sharp contrast to the Hulu 
model. Hulu mainly focuses on providing new epi-
sodes of network shows to the Internet in the one 
episode per week style of television, while provid-
ing a few original shows and shows branded as 
originals that are joint efforts with networks, with 
a few notable exceptions. Three of Hulu’s original 
shows, “Deadbeat,” “The Wrong Mans,” and “The 
Hotwives of Orlando” actually have been released 
using the binge-watching model. This may rep-
resent an attempt at consistency with respect to 
new episodes of original content across providers. 
However, this just leads to a lack of consistency 
within the service for how new original episodes 
are released. 
   The inherent fear with Netflix’s model is 
that the show will not be popular, and unlike 
with pilots of television shows, the already 
finished season cannot be cancelled to save 
money. However, this model does appear to 
be working for Netflix, as they continue to 
pump out new original content and it seems 
to be the standard for all of their original 
content, from the massively popular vet-
eran “House of Cards” to rookie shows like 
“The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” and 
“Daredevil.”
      Yahoo Screen, similar to Hulu, mixes the 
television model of one episode per week 
with the Netflix model. With regard to its 
major show “Community,” Yahoo Screen fol-
lows the classic television model with a twist 
for the Internet, that each new episode will 
be available at 12:01 a.m. PST on the morn-
ing that the episode will be “aired.” However, 
another of Yahoo Screen’s original shows, 
“Sin City Saints,” seems to have followed the 
Netflix model. The rookie provider appears 
to be experimenting with different models 
for its different types of shows. “Sin City 
Saints” is a new show, but “Community” is in 
its sixth season, and first online season, after 
five seasons on network television. Perhaps 
in this way, Yahoo Screen is still considering 
“Community” something of a network show.
   “Community” itself has an interesting his-
tory of being deemed so niche that it was 
constantly in jeopardy of being cancelled 
by its host network, NBC. It was repeat-
edly renewed at the last minute until last 
season, when it was finally dropped from the 

network. The show was extremely popular with 
the online community, and the cries of the fans 
of the cult show were what seemed to have been 
responsible for the renewal of the show. So, unsur-
prisingly, it garnered a lot of interest from online 
content providers. 
   Most assumed that the show would go on Netflix 
or Hulu, prompting people to wonder about the 
release schedule of the show. However, the rela-
tively unheard-of Yahoo Screen actually won the 
bid to produce and screen the show. The announce-
ment about Yahoo Screen was met with confusion 
and surprise. Many people had not heard of the 
service at all. The relatively obscure streaming 
service gained a lot of notoriety from acquiring 
“Community.” 
   What is apparent is that there is no consistency 
among the providers for how original content is 
released. Even with Hulu and Yahoo Screen, there 
is a lack of uniformity among the screening of 
their original content. This frequently leads to con-
fusion among viewers as to how they will be able 
to watch their favorite online shows. 
   In the age of Internet content, uniformity will be 
necessary to avoid confusion and maximize view-
ers. 

   Whether you love 
them or hate them, 
Sworn In is on the 
tongues of every 
“core” metalhead fan. 
   In 2015, if you consider yourself a fan of the 
genre, you should know where they came from and 
where they’re headed. 
   The Illinois five-piece have been churning out 
their off-kilter nu-metalcore and touring consistent-
ly since their inception in 2011. With the release of 
their two EP’s, “Catharsis” and “Start/End,” they 
gained a strong following within the underground 
metalcore/deathcore community and eventually 
signed with Razor & Tie Records, through which 
they released their debut full-length album “The 
Death Card” in August 2013.  
   The band was met with a stark rise in popular-
ity throughout 2014 as they toured with genre 
heavyweights such as Attila, Crown the Empire, 
Emmure and The Acacia Strain. This momentum 
pushed them to the forefront of the scene and built 
the anticipation for their sophomore effort “The 
Lovers/The Devil,” which was released on April 7, 
2015.  
   “The people who like Sworn In like it, and the 
people who don’t like Sworn In hate it,” vocalist 
Tyler Dennen said in regards to the reception “The 
Lovers/The Devil.”  
   The album serves as a marking of the band’s 
transition from the underground to the limelight, 
which of course carries with it a great divide 
between the “old school fans” and the newcom-
ers, also known as the “bandwagoning posers,” as 
many a YouTube commenter would note.   
   However, completely unfazed by the childish 
hatred and “sellout” accusations being tossed his 
way, Dennen said the feedback they’ve gotten is 
“just exactly what we were expecting.” 
   The album itself expands upon the dark, chaotic 
and viciously heavy “The Death Card” by add-
ing twisted, yet devilishly catchy melodies and 
an overall refinement to their pandemonium-like 
sound. 
   “It’s a lot more groovy, rhythmical, less abrasive, 
and more melodic. But still heavy,” said Dennen.
   He said their goal going into the album was to 
“just be more theatrical and really drive in the 
point that what we’re about is emotion.”
   And just as “Start/End” and “The Death Card” 
were, “The Lovers/ The Devil” is a concept album 
that Dennen calls “a collection of observations 
about destructive relationships.” 
   “It’s a love story.  It goes in depth about how 
every person has a lover and a devil inside of them 
and they don’t really get the choice of when it 
comes out,” he said. 
   Along with the new elements in their sound and 
lyrics, Sworn In adjusted their entire image as 
a band to coincide with the theme of the album. 
Their signature magnolia logo, pictured on the 
cover of “The Death Card,” was swapped out for 

the pair of scissors found in the “The Lovers/The 
Devil” artwork. They also now tote black, button-
down shirts and red armbands on stage instead of 
their black athletic jerseys outfitted with the mag-
nolia and “XIII” logos that had become cult-like 
insignias for their devoted fan base. 
   This conscious shift in direction is nothing new 
to the band, but rather symbolizes their mission 
statement of continuous progression. 
   “We never want to stay stagnant. We want to 
change with each release. We want to flow with 
each release. And we don’t wanna get stuck in a 
rut of where people want us to be, but rather what 
we want to be,” Dennen said. 
   Throughout the interview, Dennen was seated 
on the decrepit stoop of an abandoned building 
next door to the infamous hard core venue Bogies 
in downtown Albany.  A few hours later, he per-
formed to nearly 300 sweaty, cramped concertgo-
ers in the tiny club. 
   Clad in black aviator sunglasses, black skinny 
jeans, a black jacket and a gold chain around his 
neck, he seemed to have bigger sights in mind 
than the intimate club-tour lifestyle he and his 
bandmates had lived for the past few years. They 
were beginning to outgrow the community which 
birthed them, another natural progression in the 
eyes of Dennen and one which they plan to wel-
come with open arms.
   “I wanna tour with bands outside our genre. 
I wanna tour with bands that will make people 
scratch their head. I would love to tour with 
Between the Buried and Me, Falling In Reverse, 
Hollywood Undead, and Dir En Grey,” he said. 
   Each of those bands exist in completely different 
sectors of the rock and metal universe, but Sworn 
In are determined to push the boundaries, disregard 
their critics and perhaps expand the realm of pos-
sibilities for bands of their kin. 
   All of their efforts boil down to one specific 
desire: wanting the audience to feel something. 
Dennen believes their live performance represents 
their true identity, as it culminates the visual, phys-
ical, and musical all into one. 
   “The main goal of the show is to have people 
going home feeling something. I think a lot of 
bands have a real processed view on what the 
show is. They get up there, they’re angry, they 
stop. It’s fake. It’s transparent. We’re trying real 
emotion and have people experience real emotion 
rather than what they think they should be feeling,” 
he said.

Credit: Denofgeek.com
The cast of the Avengers lines up for battle.

Credit: Uproxx.com
Community moved to Yahoo Screen for its sixth season.


7

ALBANY STUDENT

 P

RE SSTuesday, May 5, 2015

Visit our fan page: albanystudentpress.net

Plans for next year?  
Why not complete the Clarkson MBA?

Ready to learn more?  
To apply go to  
www.clarkson.edu/mba.

With our rolling admissions process, it’s not 
too late to apply for the Clarkson Master of 
Business Administration Class of 2016. And 
since your school is a Clarkson partner, you’re 
automatically eligible for a 4+1 Fellowship:

 • $10,000 Tuition Scholarship
 • $4,000 Travel Scholarship
 • Guaranteed graduate assistantship  
  that lets you earn up to $3,000

Streamlined application: Candidates with a 
GMAT score of 550 or higher and a GPA of 
3.0 or greater are automatically accepted. 
No essays, no recommendation letters, no 

application fees – just send your offi

cial test 
scores and transcript and you’re in.

SOMETHING A COLLEGE GRADUATE 
SHOULD NEVER HAVE TO SAY:

“WOULD YOU
LIKE THAT GIFT
WRAPPED

”

87% OF NYIT GRADUATES GET JOBS IN THEIR
CHOSEN FIELDS WITHIN 6 MONTHS.

At New York Institute of Technology, we make sure 
you succeed when you’re in school and when you 
get out. For more information, 
call 800.345.NYIT or visit us at nyit.edu.

 

Alban y students,  headed home for the summer break? 
If so,  enroll in Summer Session at  
Suffolk County Community College. 

At Suffolk,  you can get a head start on next semester 
or even make up a course.  Both the eight-week 

and fi

rst fi

ve-week sessions start on May 26th,

with another fi

ve-week session starting June 29th.

Make the most of your break with Summer Session 
at Suffolk.  Enroll in fall classes, too! 
Call 631-451-4111 or visit sunysuffolk.edu/Enroll.

sunysuffolk.edu/Enroll

Success Doesn’t Stop
For Summer.

At Only $183 P er Credit,  
You Can Make The Most Of
Your Break At Suffolk.

SCCC_Albany_Summer15_Layout 1  2/12/15  3:37 PM  Page 1


Visit our fan page: albanystudentpress.net

ALBANYSTUDENTPRE SSTuesday, May 5, 2015

8

We have expanded our options for summer study at 

Westchester Community College. Choose from 

hundreds of courses online or in classrooms throughout 

the summer. Catch up with classes in Liberal Arts, 

Business, Healthcare and more at Westchester’s most 

afordable college. Register now to get your pick of the 

classes you need.

REGISTER NOW FOR SUMMER CLASSES 
Starting May 26, June 29 & August 3

Open House

May 19, 4:30-6 pm

914-606-6735
sunywcc.edu

Want to make some 
money and get some 
exercise? 

The ASP needs 
people to deliver 
papers around 
campus for the 2015-
2016 school year.

Email production.
asp@gmail.com if 
interested.

Sad that the ASP won’t be in print for three whole months? 

So are we.
That’s why we want you to write about your hometown and all of the fun 
things that happen there.

Email theaspnews@gmail.com, opinions.asp@gmail.com, artsent.asp@
gmail.com, or sports.asp@gmail.com to help us with our summer news 
flow.

Remember, news never sleeps, and neither should you.


9

ALBANY STUDENT

 P

RE SSTuesday, May 5, 2015

Register now for  
summer session at the 
University at Buffalo!

Select from our 2,000 campus-based offerings – 

more than any other college 

in Western New York – 

or from 200 online courses you can take 

from anywhere in the world! 

Earn 3 credits (or more!) in 6 weeks or less. 
 
Find a course, or two, that’s right for you at 
ubthissummer.buffalo.edu.

 

Thursday, May 7th
Academic Podium
9p - 11p

Late Night Events are:
Free to all students (no swipe necessary)
Featuring faculty & staff servers
Students must have SUNYCard for entry

Other Food for Finals events include:

Coffee & Snacks
Sunday, May 10th
Campus Center | 9p - 11p

TexMex Night
Monday, May 11th
All Quads | 9p - 11p

Coffee & Sundae Bar
Sunday, May 10th
Alumni Quad | 9p - 11p

2014

NORTH

REGIONAL UNIVERSITIES

COL LEGES

BEST    

Summer Session 1:  
Monday–Thursday, May 27-June 23

Summer Session 2: 
Monday–Thursday, June 29-July 23

Summer Session 3: 
Mondays and Wednesdays, May 27–July 20

Summer Session 4: 
Tuesdays and Thursdays, May 28-July 21

Weekend College Summer Session: 
Alternating Saturdays through Sundays,  
May 16–August 23

1-Credit Courses: June 2015

Earn Summer Credits  
at a World-Class College  
for Half the Cost.

This summer, take advantage of a great 

opportunity to catch up on—or accelerate—

your studies. St. Joseph’s College, with 

campuses in Patchogue and Brooklyn, is 

discounting tuition for undergraduate 

summer classes by 50%. With expert 

faculty, a wide range of classes, and small, 

personalized classes held in mornings, 

afternoons, and evenings—or online— 

St. Joseph’s will give you everything you 

need to get ahead this summer.

2015 SUMMER SESSIONS

SAVE 50%  
ON UNDERGRADUATE TUITION

BRING THE WORLD 
YOUR BEST 

sjcny.edu/summer

Explore our classes and registration details at:


