Richards’ 
record-
making 
year
PAGE 9

T U E S D A Y ,  J A N U A R Y  2 6 ,  2 0 1 6     I S S U E  1 3     A L B A N Y S T U D E N T P R E S S . N E T

P R I N T E D  B Y  T H E  T I M E S  U N I O N ,  A L B A N Y ,  N E W  Y O R K  —  A  H E A R S T  C O R P O R A T I O N  N E W S P A P E R

A L B A N Y  S T U D E N T  P R E S S

C E L E B R A T I N G  1 0 0  Y E A R S 
 1 9 1 6 — 2 0 1 6

A perspective 
on World 
Hijab Day
PAGE 5

INVESTIGATION

By CONNOR MURPHY & NICK 
MUSCAVAGE

Purple and gold balloons sailed 
into the sky Oct. 8, 2015 after the 
University at Albany announced 
the largest donation ever received 
by the school— $10 million for the 
naming rights to the school’s $18 
million football stadium, courtesy 
of the Bernard and Millie Children’s 
Foundation (BMCF)
With the money committed to 
UAlbany’s Athletics Department 
through the private, not-for-profit 
University Foundation, President 
Robert J. Jones took to the press 
conference podium with excitement, as 
he announced the size of the donation 
twice. 
“That sounds good rolling off my 
tongue,” Jones said, according to Mark 
Singelais’ report in the Albany Times 
Union.
What Jones didn’t mention at the 
press conference was that UAlbany 
graduate and BMCF co-creator 
William Duker went to prison and 
was disbarred in the late ‘90s for 
defrauding the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the 
Resolution Trust Corporation (RTC), 
two national financial regulatory 
agencies. This was all while serving as 
attorney for the federal government. 
Jones also didn’t mention that 
Duker, along with nationally known 
lawyer David Boies, have been on the 
defense of a decade-long lawsuit over 
alleged intellectual property theft, 
among other charges.
 The plaintiff in the case is former 
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 
Professor John Deep of Cohoes. He 
went to Albany County Court in 2005, 
alleging that Boies’ law firm and 

Duker used his computer software 
to illegally enrich themselves for 
hundreds of millions in the early 
2000s, according to court documents 
that the Albany Student Press 
reviewed. 
Deep has refused multiple times to 
comment on the allegations for this 
story beyond what is in court papers.

Deep Background

 Deep invented a peer-to-peer music 
sharing service called Aimster that 
turned into a source of constant legal 
problems for him. He was brought to 
court on multiple charges, including 
copyright infringement in a suit 
brought by the Recording Industry 
Association of America (RIAA) in 
2000.
The law firm Boies, Schiller, & 
Flexner, LLP (BSF) had experience 
in these sorts of cases, defending 
high profile companies in cases such 
as the Napster case. BSF’s Albany 
office eventually went on to represent 
Deep and his company BuddyUSA, 
which was created to oversee the 
Aimster software. BSF lawyers George 
Carpinello and Adam Shaw took 
defensive leads in the RIAA case. 
Things become less clear at that 
point. One of Deep’s vital allegations 
in his 2005 lawsuit was that Duker 
acted as additional legal aid with 
BSF, and as a line of communication 
between him and Boies through 
several alleged conference calls. The 
problem, Deep wrote in the original 
complaint, was that “although [he] 
knew that William Duker was a 
lawyer, defendants did not tell [him] 
that Duker had been suspended or 
disbarred and served time in prison as a 

Connor Murphy / Albany Student Press
Tom and Mary Casey Stadium was the $10 million name bestowed on the stadium that 
overlooks Bob Ford Field. The donation was made by the Bernard and Millie’s Children 
Foundation.

Source: albany.edu
William Kennedy is the founder of the 
NYS Writers Institute.

By MADELINE ST. AMOUR

If you’ve watched TV since being back on 
campus, you might have noticed a familiar face 
on the screen.
Rebekah Tolley, a fine arts professor at the 
University at Albany, is featured in a commer-
cial created by United University Professions, 
the bargaining unit for SUNY.
The commercial, which runs for 30 seconds, 
features three SUNY adjunct professors talking 
about their accomplishments, followed by a 
narrator’s voice saying, “Nearly one-in-three 
highly qualified SUNY faculty are adjuncts. 
Many paid so little, they struggle to make ends 
meet. Yet students pay more than ever before. 

SUNY adjuncts deserve better.” 
It ran from Jan. 10 through Jan. 
23 in the Capital Region, Buf-
falo, Long Island, and Ulster and 
Dutchess counties.
“I think it’s a difficult topic 
to discuss openly,” Tolley said. 
“We’re just suffering in silence.” 
She said that while most con-
tingent professors feel they can’t 
talk with their students about 
what they’re going through, this 
ad and other campaigning will 
help raise awareness for them.
Tolley thinks that the con-
nection between low wages and 
increased tuition is especially 
important for students to hear, 
since that’s the “missing link” 
many don’t realize exists. 
Contingents are faculty that are hired on a 
non-permanent basis, like visiting assistant 
professors. Adjuncts fall under the category of 
contingents and are paid on a per course basis. 
The per course minimum pay for UAlbany 
adjuncts is $2,800, and they’re allowed to teach 
two classes. Since this comes out to a below-
poverty level income for the year, many travel 
between campuses to teach more than two 
classes or work other jobs to make ends meet.
Mike Lisi, the communications director for 
UUP, said the union “wants to help get the 
word out and help these people who deserve 
better.” When asked why the union chose now 
to start this ad campaign, Lisi said the issue 

New York State Writers Institute 
heads in new digital direction

By LINDSEY RIBACK

As he celebrates his 88th birthday, 
William Kennedy reveals a new 
direction for the New York State 
Writers Institute here at the University 
of Albany. 
To retain and expand interest 

in the institute from not only 
the UAlbany community, but 
also the general public and the 
accomplished writers who visit 
the institute, the NYS Writers 
Institute is looking to digitize 
their already established Visiting 
Writers Series. By participating in 
this series, the writers discuss their 
work and provide their audience 
with an excerpt from their latest 
novel. 
“This is a really exciting time 
for the institute,” Kennedy said. 
“So many new things are going on, 
it’s kind of a renaissance.” 
Kennedy, the founder and 
executive director of the Writers 
Institute, believes that making 
these discussions available to the 
general public on its YouTube 
page, https://www.youtube.com/
user/NYSWritersInstitute, will 
allow the institute’s online site 
to become more like a magazine. 
Visitors to the site will be able to 
not only access the actual discussion 
showcasing the writer, but additional 
interviews or work done by the author 
as well.  
“The subject matter will dictate 
how we do it,” said Kennedy. The 

A CLOSER LOOK AT OUR 
SCHOOL’S LARGEST DONOR

LABOR

ANNIVERSARY
UUP runs campaign for adjuncts

Please see STADIUM page 8

Please see KENNEDY page 3

Source: Screengrab from UUP’s commercial video
Rebekah Tolley was one of three adjuncts featured in 
UUP’s new commercial campaign.


CRIME BLOTTER

H A V E  A  N E W S  T I P ?  E M A I L  U S  A T  T H E A S P . E I C @ G M A I L . C O M

Unlawful Possession 
of Marijuana
12/10/2015
Roadways
A male subject 
was found to be in 
possession of marijuana 
and was arrested.

Fraud on 
Transportation without 
Pay
12/10/2015
Roadways
Report of a male 
student that did not pay 
for a taxi ride. Referral 
was made.

Criminal Possession 
of Marijuana
12/10/2015
Indian Quad
Three male students 
were found to be in 
possession of marijuana 
and referred for same.

Public Lewdness
12/10/2015
Alumni Quad
Report of a male subject 
urinating in public 
in front of a female 
student.

Medical Incident
12/10/2015
Indian Quad
Report of female 
student with abdominal 
pain. Transported to 
hospital.

Unlawful Possession 
of Marijuana
1/16/2016
Dutch Quad
Two male students 
were in found to be 
in possession of 
marijuana. One male 
student was arrested.

Burglary
1/16/2016
PE Complex
Report of stolen laptops 
from SEFCU Arena store 
by unknown subject.

Driving while 
Intoxicated
1/16/2016
Roadways
A male subject was 
found to be driving while 
intoxicated and arrested 
for the same.

Unlawful Possession 
of Marijuana
 1/16/2016
Roadways
A male subject 
was found to be in 
possession of marijuana 
and arrested for the 
same.

Petit Larceny
1/16/2016
State Quad
Report of a stolen 
bicycle

Forged Certificate
1/16/2016
Roadways
A male subject was 
found to be operating 
a motor vehicle with a 
forged inspection sticker.

Registration 
Suspended
1/16/2016
Roadways
A male student was 
found to be operating 
a vehicle with a 
suspended registration 
and expired license.

Forged Certificate
1/16/2016
Roadways
A male subject was 
found to be operating 
a motor vehicle with a 
forged inspection sticker.

Property Damage
1/16/2016
Empire Commons
Male student locked 
himself out of his suite 
and broke the door to 
regain entrance.

Drug Complaint
1/19/2016
Dutch Quad
A female student 
was found to be in 
possession of marijuana 
and referred for the 
same. 

Check a Vehicle
1/19/2016
Roadways
Verified driver was a 
student. Scene cleared.

Drug Complaint
1/19/2016
Indian Quad
Report for the odor 
of marijuana referrals 
made.

Incapacitated Person 
Taken for Treatment
1/19/2016
Indian Quad
Report of male student 
found to be highly 
intoxicated. Transported 
to hospital.

Maintenance Problem
1/19/2016
Other
Maintenance Problem.

Possession Forged 
Instrument
1/21/2016
Podium
Report of nine forged 
licenses mailed to a 
male student. Referral 
was made.

Unlawful Possession 
of Marijuana
1/21/2016
Indian Quad
A female student 
was found to be in 
possession of marijuana 
and paraphernalia.

Mentally Ill Person 
Taken Into Custody
1/21/2016
State Quad
Highly intoxicated male 
student found having 
possible mental health 
issues. 

NEWS2

TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: KASSIE PARISI
THEASP.EIC@GMAIL.COM

1     

As with every semester, UAlbany has many great 
sports to watch.  The basketball season is already 
underway, so expect games to continue into the upcoming 
weeks of school. Shereesha Richards was recently 
selected as a 2015-16 Senior CLASS Award Candidate 
for Women’s Basketball. Richards is currently the 
program’s all-time scoring leader, passing the 2,000-point 
mark. On the UAlbany men’s team, Peter Hooley 
recently said in a Times Union article that he plans to 
break the shooting slump that he’s been in this semester. 
Hooley was chosen to be captain of the team for the third 
consecutive season.

5

FUN 

THINGS 

TO LOOK 

FORWARD 

TO THIS 

SEMESTER

4

One of Albany’s most popular events is Tulip Fest, 
which is held in May on Mother’s Day weekend. 

EVENTS

3 

ParkFest has surprised students each year with 
musical artists performing on campus for a minimal 
student fee. Held in SEFCU arena, the concert has hosted 
hit musicians such as 2 Chainz, Future, J. Cole, Nas, and 

Source : UAlbany Athletics Facebook Page
Peter Hooley returns to the basktball court this year for 
his final season as a Great Dane.

Pete Dzintars / Flickr
Above: The New York State Museum, located across 
from the Empire State Plaza, is a fun time for all ages. 

By RUSSELL J. OLIVER

 The University at Albany and the local area has 
tons of great events to look forward to this semester. From 
festivals to sports to great musicians visiting the city, there 
are a bunch of activities to do during your free time this 
spring.

2 

The New York State Museum holds events 
throughout the year that involve and benefit the 
community. This spring they are holding two events: 
NY in Bloom and Canstruction. NY in Bloom will be 
celebrating its 25th anniversary next month from Friday, 
Feb. 19 to Sunday, Feb. 24. The event encourages 
members of the region to build floral displays that 
they place throughout the museum. The museum does 
this to get the community excited about the upcoming 
spring. Later in the year is Canstruction, which is a 
local food drive that collects cans that are later built into 
“canstructions” that are put on display at the museum. At 
the end of the event all cans are donated to food pantries 
around Albany. Canstruction takes place this coming 
March.

5 

Albany has always been a great place for musicians 
to stop in for a performance, and it’s no different 
this year. Albany is bringing in the rock this year with 
Bruce Springsteen, O.A.R., and Jackie Greene. First in 
town is Springsteen, bringing along his E Street Band 
performing at the Times Union Center on Feb. 8. O.A.R. 
will make an appearance at the Palace Performing Arts 
Center on Feb. 11 and the next night Jackie Green will 
be performing at the Egg on Feb. 12. Find tickets at 
www.albany.org/events.

Source : Wikimedia.com
Tulips displayed in the form of a star during one of the Capital District’s annual Tulip Fest. Tulip Fest is held on 
Mother’s Day weekend.

Flo Rida. The artists aren’t usually announced until a 
few weeks before the event. In 2014 tickets sold out in 
a matter of eight hours due to a lack of a ticket purchase 
cap. Tickets are free for students.

The festival often has live music, entertainment, 
vendors, fine art, and thousands of tulips in bloom across 
Washington Park. They also have numerous local vendors 
selling their own food and beverages. This year’s Tulip 
Fest will be Saturday, May 7 and Sunday, May 8. It’s 
always a great festival to celebrate with your friends or 
family, and it’s a great way to celebrate the end of Final’s 
Week!


NEWS3

TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: RUSSELL OLIVER
THEASPNEWS@GMAIL.COM

@albstudentpress

The Albany Student 

Press

@albstudentpress

FOLLOW US

By RUSSELL J. OLIVER

The winter can be a very dull and cold 
time of year, especially in areas with such 
unpredictable weather patterns like New 
York. With months of cold and snow it’s 
easy to stay inside for prolonged periods 
of time to avoid the icy chills. This leads 
to some people becoming more isolated 
during the winter months, losing touch with 
friends and not having the same lifestyle 
they normally would. This can cause what is 
known as Seasonal Affective Disorder.
“Seasonal Affective Disorder affects 
people the same way that we think about 
clinical depression,” said Joyce Dewitt-
Parker, the coordinator for consultation at 
the University at Albany.
Dewitt-Parker explained that some 
symptoms of SAD are fatigue, sleeping 
more than usual, sadness, and losing 

interest in activities. Craving foods is also a 
symptom, which can be difficult for people 
during the holiday season. While people 
with clinical depression suffer at different 
times of the year, those with SAD only 
suffer during the winter months.
“SAD can be a problem because it affects 
us when we have less sunlight, when it’s 
cold outside and you’re not out as much in 
the summer,” Dewitt-Parker said. “Typically 
people are most affected from the end of 
October, before we shift our clocks, until we 
shift our clocks back again in the spring.”
According to “Psychology Today,” 
it’s estimated that more than 10 million 
Americans are affected with SAD in the 
United States - primarily located in the 
Northeast. Outside of that, 10 to 20 percent 
are diagnosed with a more mild form of 
SAD, known as “winter’s blues.” The illness 
tends to begin around the age of 20. SAD is 
more common the farther north you live.

As prevalent as the disorder can be, 
there are many ways to counterattack the 
symptoms. Doing things like going outside 
and staying active is beneficial. Getting as 
much sunlight as possible is also crucial.
“That’s why one of the best treatments for 
SAD is light therapy,” said Dewitt-Parker. 
“That’s basically daily exposure to very 
bright artificial lights during the months that 
people are most affected.”
Getting less sunlight means a lack of 
exposure to Vitamin D, which can be 
harmful to our bodies. Eating healthy is 
also important for those who suffer from 
SAD. Having a balanced diet and eating 
hearty foods such as fruits and vegetables is 
important. People with this disorder can also 
isolate themselves during the cold months.
“We suggest one way to manage SAD is 
to spend more time with family and friends, 
being active, and seeing a psychologist if a 
student has considered that they might have 

seasonal affective disorder,” said Dewitt-
Parker.
Those suffering from SAD this winter 
may be feeling fewer symptoms because of 
the lack of snow and chilly temperatures this 
year.
“People are able to get out a little more 
because the weather has been better,” said 
Dewitt-Parker. “It is getting a little light and 
so for people who have SAD many of them 
are finding a relief from that.”
Dewitt-Parker urged students to come 
to the Counseling Center rather than self-
diagnosing themselves. They could speak to 
a psychologist and get diagnosed for SAD.
“In terms of how we feel here, it should 
be no different for someone to seek help 
and support if they are feeling depressed or 
anxious, than if you were to see a physician 
because you have a sore throat or the 
flu,” Dewitt Parker said. “It should be no 
different.”

HOW TO GET OVER WINTER BLUES

HEALTH

Mark Schmidt / UAlbanyphotos.com
The University at Albany campus covered in snow. To avoid feeling down this season, make sure to get some light. 

KENNEDY
Continued from Page 1

institute will 
either post 
a Q&A, an 
interview or 
the author’s 
reading of his or her own work. 
The executive director explained that the 
institute has posted past discussions on its 
YouTube channel which have close to half a 
million views, but he hopes that increasing 
the amount of videos and the subject matter 
in them will increase the views tenfold.  
According to their website, the Writers 
Institute, which began in 1984, has since 
welcomed over a thousand accomplished 
writers, performers and filmmakers, 
including Nobel Award and Pulitzer Prize 
winners.
Due to university wide budget cuts, 
UAlbany had to cut its funding to the 
institute in 2008, but this did not hinder its 
ability to host accomplished writers. Now 
instead of the university paying writers to 
visit, their publishers tend to bear the costs.
“Publishers have decided we are a very 
good stop on a book tour for a number 
of writers and they pay for their visits,” 
Kennedy said. 
Co-sponsorships have also made it 
relatively easy for the university to host the 

writer, explained Kennedy. By working with 
other groups within the university, like the 
business and communications departments, 
the institute is able to bring in writers or 
scholars in specific disciplines which may 
appeal to a wider audience. 
Kennedy’s influence on the institute is 
not only from a founder’s position, but as a 
participant as well. The Albany native is an 
accomplished writer who has published over 
10 novels, as well as two screenplays and 
two theater plays.
He is currently working on a few new 
books, one of which he explained will 
move through several different eras that are 
significant in U.S. history. 
“It’s a very unusual book for me to be 
writing, but it sounds like it’s going to be 
fun for me,” he said. 
Over the years, Kennedy has used 
his hometown and the history behind it 
as a setting for many of his works. On 
Sunday, March 6 at 2 p.m., Kennedy 
will be presenting a slideshow of various 
photographs of Albany that he has 
accumulated over the past 50 years at the 
Albany Institute of History and Art. At this 
event he will discuss how he has used these 
photographs to inspire his fictional works.

dovetails well 
with the Fight 
for 15 - the 
push for $15 
minimum 
wage. He also 
said that there’s an over-reliance on adjunct 
professors now more than ever. 
Tolley echoed this sentiment, saying that 
the situation has “become more direr now.” 
She also said that UUP’s contract expires in 
June, so the union’s contract negotiations 
are coming up in the spring. 
“Getting broader support will help us,” 
she said. 
Tolley said she was asked to be in the 
commercial because she’s been active in the 
union and she’s one of the adjuncts who’s 

not afraid to speak out on the issue. The 
other two adjuncts were William Lee from 
SUNY Cortland, who says 192 students 
took his course in one semester, and Bentley 
Whitfield from SUNY Farmingdale, who 
says he has an advanced degree from Co-
lumbia University and won SUNY’s Excel-
lence in Teaching Award.
Lisi is hopeful that this ad will help con-
tingents gain a more sympathetic ear from 
school administrators.

UUP
Continued from Page 1

For a list of the who’s coming 
this spring to the Visiting Writers 
Series, scan this QR code.

Missed the 
commercial? 
Scan the QR code 
and watch it on 
UUP’s website.


OPINIONS4

TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: KEVIN MERCADO 
OPINIONS.ASP@GMAIL.COM

F O L L O W  U S  O N  T W I T T E R :  @ A L B S T U D E N T P R E S S

ALBANY  
STUDENT PRESS

CELEBRATING 100 YEARS 
 1916—2016

Kassie Parisi 
Editor-in-Chief 
theasp.eic@gmail.com 
518-225-5759

Madeline St. Amour 
Managing Editor 
production.asp@gmail.com 
518-369-5505

Russell Oliver
News Editor 
theaspnews@gmail.com

Celia Balf 
Sports Editor 
sports.asp@gmail.com
Julia Day 
A&E Editor 
artsent.asp@gmail.com
Kevin Mercado 
Opinions Editor 
opinions.asp@gmail.com
Keith Heesemann 
Business Manager 
asp.advertising@gmail.com

Advertise in the ASP: 
Keith Heesemann 
Business Manager 
asp.advertising@gmail.com

The Albany Student Press 
is published Tuesdays 
from September through 
May by the Albany Student 
Press Corporation, an 
independent, not-for-
profit organization. 

Advertisements, as well as 
letter and column content, 
do not necessarily reflect 
the opinion of ASP staff. 
All unsigned editorials are 
written with the approval 
of the editorial board. 
The ASP is a registered 
trademark of the Albany 
Student Press Corporation 
which has exclusive rights 
to any materials herein. 

Contact the ASP 
for information and 
publication schedules: 
Newsroom: 
Campus Center 326
Email:  
theasp.eic@gmail.com; 
production.asp@gmail.com
Phone: 
518-225-5759
www.albanystudentpress.net

By JONATHAN MILLER
T               

his month, the Academy of Motion 
Picture Arts and Sciences announced 
many of its expected nominees, such 
as Leonardo DiCaprio for “The Revenant” 
and Saoirse Ronan for “Brooklyn.” An 
unexpected controversy arose, however, 
from the announcement.
Many have weighed in on the issue of 
the nominations’ complete lack of diversity 
in almost all categories. #OscarsSoWhite 
was a Twitter hashtag started last year 
when the Oscars had a similar lack of 
diversity. The hashtag resurfaced almost 
instantly this year.
Director Spike Lee and actress Jada 
Pinkett Smith publicly voiced their 
concerns, saying that they will not be 
attending the Oscars. The most ironic part 
of this year’s issue is that the Academy 
Award President, Cheryl Boone Isaacs, 
the first African-American woman elected 
president of the Academy, was in charge 
of announcing the nominees. Although she 
has communicated her disappointment, 
Isaacs said she would like to “acknowledge 

the wonderful work of this year’s 
nominees.”
The backlash for the lack of diversity 
this year is not surprising, since there were 
films released that featured a predominantly 
black cast. “Straight Outta Compton” and 
“Creed” made the rounds in the awards 
circuit, garnering only one nomination each 
(for their white screenwriters and actors). 
The one non-nomination that was 
personally disappointing was the omission 
of Idris Elba for “Beasts of No Nation.” 
It was a performance that was almost 
guaranteed a nomination and many, 
including myself, thought Elba would win. 
It was not only the African-American 
community that was completely snubbed. 
Other unacknowledged nationalities ranged 
from Indian to Asian-American. The only 
Hispanic person to be nominated in any 
major category was “The Revenant’s” 
director, Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu. 
Other nominations that would 
have broken barriers for stereotypical 
nominations were the two leads of the 
undervalued film, “Tangerine.” Both leads, 
Kitana Kiki Rodriguez, a Hispanic actress, 

and Mya Taylor, an African-American 
actress, could’ve filled in the gaps in 
diversity that the Academy so desperately 
needed, but those nominations could have 
meant so much more. Both actresses are 
transgendered women, which is a topic that 
has been heavily depicted on both the small 
and big screens in the last couple of years. 
Eddie Redmayne, deservedly nominated 
this year for playing a transgendered man, 
is the complete opposite in reality. The 
two nominations for “Tangerine” would 
have been a right step in the direction of 
accepting a different kind of community 
that has been misrepresented for years. 
There was a choice that the Academy 
had. They could have nominated Jennifer 
Lawrence for the fourth time, who will 
most likely get another four nominations in 
the next 10 years, or nominate one of the 
leads of “Tangerine,” who frankly, unless 
there’s a change in the Hollywood system, 
will never see an opportunity like this 
again. 
Since the Academy’s main demographic 
is predominately white and over 60, many 
don’t find it hard to believe that there is a 

sense of conservative thought behind the 
scenes. 
“The White BET awards” was a tweet 
that the Oscar’s new host, Chris Rock, 
wrote. It’s safe to bet that Chris Rock will 
have a plethora of material to work with in 
regards to race on Feb. 28. All the backlash 
seems to be aimed at the Academy for 
their decisions, and those people should be 
taking the blame themselves. 
This is an issue that involves every 
segregated award. There have been fewer 
white nominees in the BET awards than 
black winners of the Academy Awards. 
Every nationality and gender has their 
own award ceremony that, arguably, 
are biased since they only nominate and 
award certain people based on their race 
and gender, which is an issue that people 
are expressing about the Academy. 
The Academy might have more history 
and prestige than the BET awards, but 
in conjunction with recent issues, it’s 
important to note that if there was ever a 
need for diversity, it is now, and it needs 
to start with all award shows accepting 
performers based on the material itself.

OSCAR SEASON CONTROVERSY

ACADEMY AWARDS

Academy award backlash due to mostly white nominations

Davidlohr Bueso / Flickr
The 2016 Oscar nominations are to predominately white actors and other players in the film industry. There has been controversy over the Oscars being too “white” and 
not properly representing other races and religions.

   
   “The measure clarifies that 
individuals ‘in the business of 
selling firearms’ register as 
licensed gun dealers, effectively 
narrowing the so-called ‘gun 
show loophole,’ which exempts 
most small sellers from keeping 
formal sales records,” CNN 
writers Eric Bradner and Gregory 
Krieg reported.
   Obama has made a point that 
people have been discussing for 
what seems like an eternity. We 

need to find a way to prevent 
random acts of gun violence, and 
perhaps creating a more rigorous 
background check won’t be the 
finite solution to this problem, 
but it is a definite step in the right 
direction. 
    “We have to be very clear that 
this is not going to solve every 
violent crime in this country,” 
Obama said as a prelude to his 
speech the following day. “It’s 
not going to prevent every mass 
shooting; it’s not going to keep 

every gun out of the hands of a 
criminal.”
   A problem like gun violence 
is not one that can be solved 
overnight, and Obama is very 
clear on that. However, it is a 
problem that we can’t ignore. In 
his speech, Obama mentioned 
how Republicans try to sweep this 
issue under the rug.
   According to the CNN 
article, “Obama hammered 
congressional Republicans for 
opposing measures like expanded 
background checks as he called 
on Americans to punish them at 
the polls. He defended his actions 
to strengthen background checks 
for purchasing guns, answering 
critics who say the measure would 
not make it harder for criminals to 
obtain firearms.” 
   I am firmly on Obama’s side 
on this one. It seems as though 
Republicans are not at all for 
stricter background checks 

or stricter gun control laws in 
general because they want to 
easily own weapons to hunt and 
kill game. 
   However, I think it is important 
to note that Obama is very surely 
not saying that there should be a 
restriction or ban of guns in the 
United States, but he is saying 
that something needs to be done.

   

In his speech he referenced 
the infamous Sandy Hook 
shooting and how the massacre 
was essentially a catalyst for 
this move to enforce a stricter 
background check. He was clearly 
emotional when he brought up 
Sandy Hook and went on to say, 
“Every time I think about those 
kids, it gets me mad.”
   According to Michael D. Shear 
and Eric Lichtblau, writers for 
The New York Times, “Mr. 
Obama will hire more personnel 
to process background checks in 
a timely manner, direct officials 

to conduct more gun research, 
improve the information in 
the background check system, 
encourage more domestic 
violence prosecutions and order 
better tracking of lost guns.”The 
article mentioned that the law 
will make it simpler for states to 
provide mental health information 
for the background checks. This 
could be the difference between 
selling and not selling a gun.
   This movement will 
most definitely re-hash the 
congressional conversations 
regarding the 2nd Amendment. 
However, Obama made it clear 
that this new law is not to outlaw 
or prevent the owning of a gun, 
but to determine who is most 
sound and sane to purchase a 
firearm.
   It’s a law to keep an eye out for 
and only time will tell if it truly 
makes a difference when it comes 
to gun violence.

T

o start off the new year, and his last in 
office, President Barack Obama made 
an emotional call for action against gun 
violence.
   His first step in his plan to decrease gun 
violence is to regulate gun control. Obama is 
seeking a more expansive background check for 
gun buyers and sellers. 

POLICY
New year, new gun control laws

By KEVIN MERCADO


F O L L O W  U S  O N  T W I T T E R :  @ A L B S T U D E N T P R E S S

OPINIONS5

TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ASSISTANT EDITOR: DANIEL PINZON
OPINIONS.ASP@GMAIL.COM

By KAYLA POPUCHET
W

ith the ever-growing Islamophobia spewing 
from the mouths of everyone from right-
wing politicians down to citizens, World 
Hijab Day is much more than a celebration of a symbol 
of a Muslim woman’s devotion to Allah. It is a reminder 
to other Hijabis that they should never be ashamed of 
who they are and what they believe. It is a reminder to 
non-Muslims that the hijab isn’t a symbol of hate and 
violence, but rather of love and peace. 
   The backlash against this festive day seems to be 
coming from the non-intersectional feminist community 
who believe the hijab oppresses the liberties of a women 
to be themselves and enforces misogynistic views that 
modest women are superior and more Godly than other 
women. 
   While everybody is entitled to their opinions, it is 
detrimental to the feminist movement when feminists 
argue against Muslim women making a personal choice 
to wear a hijab. There are plenty of women who choose 
to show their devotion to Allah in another form and reject 
wearing a hijab, and then there are women who believe 
that that is what has been asked of them so they will 
willingly do it out of their love. 
   Fashion designer Nabaallah Chi writes for World Hijab 
Day: “I realized that Hijab made me focus on my inner 
self more. Some people think that veiled women are 
oppressed, but I feel more empowered than ever, even 
though I did struggle to come to terms with it at first.”  
   There does not seem to be anything easy about covering 
your head everyday for the rest of your life and then 
facing others out in the open, so while it is still not my 
faith, I find it admirable and even inspiring to see how 
many women sacrifice a part of themselves that does not 
affect anyone else. 
   Beyond the exclusion and bigoted nature of non-
intersectional feminism comes the blatant bigotry of 
non-Muslims. 
   Islam is the second largest religion in the world, 
according to a 2012 Pew Research Center report, 
even though it’s the youngest. According to both 
the International Security’s dataset and Scott Shane, 
journalist for The New York Times, the threat of a 
terrorist attack by far right-winged extremists is greater 
than the threat of jihadist extremists. Yet we are an 
increasingly anti-Muslim society, fearing that Islam is 
somehow more dangerous than Christianity or Judaism, 

even as mosques are burned and Hijabis are targeted. 
   World Hijab Day helps the underrepresented and hated 
community that happens to be one of the largest religion 
in the world, all the while pointing out the racist and 
sexist power structure of the Western world and how 
most of the power lies in the hands of the few who do not 
represent the masses. 
   We are constantly told when it comes to police brutality 
to not judge all cops by the actions of some, even though 

cops are not fixing the issues in their own community 
and apathy is just as evil as the oppressor. However when 
it comes to minority groups, the vast majority look for 
excuses to justify their own bigotry and no longer utter 
their tireless mantras. 
   Days that appreciate individual groups are some of the 
only times these groups get proper representation, so I 
give my regards to all Hijabis and hope for the safety of 
all Muslims on this day. 

INSIDE WORLD HIJAB DAY

CULTURE

Learning to look beyond Islamophobia 
and celebrate a Muslim symbol

anuarsalleh / Flickr
On World Hijab Day, women across the globe don the Muslim headdress in solidarity in support of the symbol 
that the HIjab has on Islamic faith.  

  It has been established 
in our day and age that sex 
sells. And so far, society has 
used the bodies of women to 
make money. So why can’t 
women use their own bodies? 
People are quick to shame the 
women who are sex workers, 
yet disregard the men who 
indulge in them. 
   Let us acknowledge the men 
who go out of their way to 
give money for sex acts and 
willfully pursue such favors. 
No one is forcing a man to 
go to a strip club, however 
it’s obviously the fault of the 
feminine wiles that a stripper 
possesses that makes a guy 
lose control and get a lap 
dance.
   Women have been branded 
by fragile sexuality. They are 
either too sexual or not sexual 
enough. Cardi B breaks the 
constraint on women and 
embraces harmful words 

such as “hoe,” “thot” and 
“slut.” She owns up to it, 
and acknowledges that being 
overly sexual is not abnormal 
for women. 
   She embraces these 
harmful words and creates 
an empowering definition for 
them. She is advising women 
not to give men power over 
them, especially sexually, 
and to use their appeal as an 
advantage.
   If anything, men have been 
praised for being overly 
sexual. Why can’t women be 
the same thing?
   “I’m not telling girls to 
just be a hoe and suck dick 
every single day, give their 
vagina to everybody. What 
I’m trying to say to girls is 
don’t let these guys be in your 
head,” Cardi B said in an 
interview with Complex.com. 
   She acknowledged her 
previous job at a supermarket 
saying, “I went [to strip] and 

it was just so amazing to 
me. In one day I made 
more than a week’s 
pay.”
   Cardi B also 
doesn’t shy away 
from her origins. She 
acknowledged her 
upbringings in the 
Bronx and takes pride 
in her non-affluent 
background. 
   So what if she doesn’t 
speak English in a pristine 
manner? The reason she 
speaks with an “accent” is 
due the fact that she grew up 
in a place where people speak 
like that. The ghetto has its 
own vernacular, and that 
shouldn’t be shamed. 
   Of course, professionalism 
has its own vernacular. She 
is not intimidated by that. 
She keeps true to herself and 
carries herself high. 
   She brings attention to how 
ghettos are different from the 
rest of society because society 
isn’t inclusive, thus making 
the ghetto its own subculture.
   People associate poor 
education with sex workers, 
which is not necessarily the 
case. On top of her being a 
stripper, Cardi B’s ghetto 
accent has given reason 
for people to label her as 
stupid. But, Cardi B has a 

high school education and 
attempted going to college. 
   She’s playing the game 
of entertainment and she’s 
building her way to the top. 
She has an audience that 
continues to grow.
   Anyone can judge, yet only 
few do research. Cardi B has 
used stripping as a means to 
escape domestic violence - 
stripping made her enough 
money to support herself and 
leave the abusive relationship. 
   According to a VladTV.
com interview her escape was 
“stripping, getting my own 
money and leaving, how was 
I gonna leave if I only made 
200 dollars every week?”
   Was there a better solution 
to her problem? Others may 
think so, but to her this was 
the best solution and it proved 
to be an effective one. 
   People have to do what they 
have to do in order to survive. 
And using sex appeal to do so 
shouldn’t be frowned upon. 
   It’s also important 
to mention that human 
trafficking, or taking people 
out of their own free will 
and forcing them to perform 
sex acts, doesn’t represent 
all sex workers. If a person 
consciously and willingly 
decides to be as a sex worker, 
so be it. 

C

ardi B, the stripper who became famous on 
Instagram, currently stars on “Love and Hip 
Hop New York” on VH1 and is pursuing a 
rap career.
   She, alongside many other sex workers, has 
been underestimated and ridiculed in our society 
because they took control of their bodies in 
order to make a profit.  

FEMINISM
Cardi B.’s impact on 
female empowerment

By DANIEL PINZON

We know 
you have 
opinions. 
Why not 
write about 
them and get 
some clips 
for your 
portfolio?

The ASP accepts 
submissions each week 
until Friday at 5 p.m. Email 
opinions.asp@gmail.com 
if you want to write for 
opinions. 

We’re also looking for 
cartoonists, so if you love 
to draw, email theasp.eic@
gmail.com.


M I S S  T H E  S H O W ?  R E A D  A B O U T  I T  O N L I N E  A T  A L B A N Y S T U D E N T P R E S S . N E T

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT6

TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: JULIA DAY 
ARTSENT.ASP@GMAIL.COM

By ELI ENIS 

When it comes to origin stories, most 
bands start with some sort of long-winded 
ramble about how their previous bands fell 
through, or how their members just started 
playing together for fun and it developed 
into something serious. There isn’t anything 
wrong with those sorts of answers - the 
reality of most band formations is that 
they’re rather boring.  
However, when a band tells their origin 
story with unfiltered honesty and says, “We 
all think it’s really cool to go to strangers’ 
houses, smoke weed, and look through their 
video game collections,” it immediately 
flags them as something special. 
Along with that beautiful string of 
words, the members of Prince Daddy & 
The Hyena- vocalist/guitarist Kornelious 
P. Jenkins, guitarist Cameron Handford, 
bassist Zakariya Houacine, and drummer 
Alex Ziembiec- eagerly talked about alien 
abductions, Smash Bros, and their new 
music. The gang was sprawled throughout 
the dark confines of a “well-worn” utility 
van after their set in Rochester in late 
December. 
Soon after forming in late 2014, the 
band self-released their debut EP “Skip 
Cutscenes! Blow Loud!” and began playing 
house shows around the East Coast, 
building a reputation in their home city of 
Albany for high energy performances. Less 
than a year later, the band released their first 
proper EP “Adult Summers” via the rising 
Connecticut label Broken World Media, 
which is owned by Derrick Shanholtzer-
Dvorak of The World is a Beautiful Place 
& I am No Longer Afraid to Die. Broken 
World Media has released a slew of notable 
emo/punk/indie albums over the past few 
years by bands such as Sorority Noise, 
Rozwell Kid, Old Gray, Soda Bomb, and 
many of TWIABP’s own releases. 
P. Daddy said Broken World has really 

helped their band by “hooking us up with 
really nice people” and “showing us the 
people who don’t know who Prince Daddy 
is, but know who Broken World is,” said 
Houacine and Jenkins, respectively. 
In regards to the release of “Adult 
Summers,” Handford said,“We hadn’t had 
music in so long and we knew the album 
wouldn’t be coming for a while ‘cause we 
wanted to record it really nice. So we just 
recorded the EP with our friend Drew to 
hold people over.”
“We wrote our full length before we 
wrote Adult Summers. We wrote Adult 
Summers in like two to three days,” added 
Jenkins. 
The long-awaited full-length, set to be 
released this spring via Broken World, 
was recorded by Joe Reinhart, guitarist 
of emo alums Algernon Cadwallader and 
up-and-coming indie rockers Hop Along. 
The record will be titled “I Thought You 
Didn’t Even Like Leaving.” While the band 
describes their sound as “Fuzzy Weezer 
with influences of early-2000s broken 
Gameboy Advance noises” and “Cereal 
on the couch watching ‘Ed, Edd, n Eddy’” 
rock, the members had less-than-ridiculous 
things to say about the album. 
“It’s winter versus summer. If ‘Adult 
Summers’ is summer, then imagine this is 
winter. It’s still fuzzy and punky but it’s 
way darker,” Houacine said. 
“Besides a couple songs, it’s more 
straightforward and less sporatic,” said 
Ziembiec. 
“It’s more of a pop record but it’s still 
crazy and loud and energetic,” said Jenkins. 
Like “Adult Summers,” P. Daddy agreed 
that fans should expect their Weezer, Green 
Day, and Jeff Rosenstock influences to 
bleed through. Their knack for humorous 
self-deprecation is something that set 
“Adult Summers” apart and the new record 
is sure to contain a similar approach 
lyrically, but with a darker edge to it. 
Jenkins said that “Adult Summers” is 

about “Partying, smoking weed, beaches 
and aliens,” whereas “I Thought You Didn’t 
Even Like Leaving” tackles “Depression, 
anxiety, my couch, dependency, laziness, 
and manic depression.” 
“I feel like it’s just a lot of shit that 
everyone deals with. Growing up and 
turning into a different type of person. 
Realizing everything does not work out 
perfectly,” said Houacine. 
P. Daddy capture their vivacious live 

aesthetic on recording and paired that with 
lyrics as laughable as they are (worryingly) 
relatable. It’s enough to make them a 
worthwhile checkout on both Bandcamp 
and the live circuit. In their eyes, however, 
the real distinction between them and other 
bands is their unearthly ability to munch. 
“No one can eat like we can eat. It’s 
pretty embarrassing actually,” said Jenkins. 

LOCAL MUSIC 
PRINCE DADDY & THE HYENA:
ALBANY PUNK’S GEMSTONE 

Source: Prince Daddy’s Facebook Page
Throughout the interview, Prince Daddy repeatedly mentioned how close the four of 
them are as friends. 

By THOMAS KIKA 

With an impressive 12 nominations and a strong 
performance at the box office so far, “The Revenant” 
is looking like the film to beat at this year’s Academy 
Awards.  History is in the film’s favor as well: director 
Alejandro G. Iñárritu’s previous films, “Babel” and 
“Birdman,” were major Oscar-contenders in their day, 
and the movie-going public is eager to see star Leonardo 
DiCaprio take home his first Oscar after years of stellar 
work as one of Hollywood’s foremost leading men.  While 
the film is a thrilling and beautiful piece of work, in the end 
“The Revenant” lacks substance. 
Based loosely on the novel by Michael Punke, which 
was itself loosely based on true events, “The Revenant” 
follows Hugh Glass (DiCaprio), a rugged frontiersman 
and hunter, as he and his half-Pawnee son, Hawk, help a 
fur trading company navigate the wilds of Montana.  After 
a fierce encounter with a mother grizzly leaves Glass 
mortally wounded, he is left in the care of John Fitzgerald 
(Tom Hardy), a greedy and hateful trapper. This is unclear 
to me.  Fitzgerald, keen to be rid of him, kills Glass’s son 
and leaves Glass in a shallow grave, where he presumes 
Glass will die.  However, Glass is a stronger man than 
Fitzgerald knows, and with revenge in his heart he begins 
crawling his way back to the trading outpost across miles of 

rough and wintery terrain, bent on killing the man who took 
everything from him.
 There is no denying that “The Revenant” is 
a beautiful film.  Iñárritu reteams with his “Birdman” 
cinematographer, Emmanuel Lubezki, and the two have 
crafted a film full of striking natural vistas, dizzying 
camerawork, and savage set-pieces.  Iñárritu infamously 
insisted on shooting the film exclusively in natural light – 
taking a page from the master Terrence Malick – which, 
though it meant they could only shoot for a couple hours 
a day, has resulted in a distinct and organic look that often 
borders on ethereal.  The visual style accomplished in “The 
Revenant” easily tops the all pomp, no circumstance, one-
take style of the long-winded “Birdman.”   
Still, while the robust visuals are among the film’s 
biggest triumphs, they also tend to be in line with the film’s 
most prominent shortcomings.  “The Revenant” is a film 
full of savage beauty, but it doesn’t get much deeper than 
that.  The film’s cinematography is never not striking, but a 
lot of the film’s compositions have little to add to its story.  
Iñárritu employs a lot of the long takes that he explored 
with “Birdman,” but they add nothing to the audience’s 
understanding of the story and characters, so it often just 
feels like he is showing off. Perhaps the frequent emptiness 
of the film’s visuals is a symptom of its simple story, which 
can be summed up as “A Tale of Revenge and Survival… 
and Not Much Else.”

Leonardo DiCaprio’s performance also draws major 
attention to “The Revenant,” and while his commitment 
and intensity are as impressive as ever, his Hugh Glass is 
a fairly one-dimensional character.  He is driven by little 
more than rage, and the script never calls for him to be 
anything other than intense. Looking just at the physical 
feats involved, DiCaprio’s performance is mind-blowingly 
good, and the highly-publicized lengths he went to for 
the role (eating raw bison liver, slipping into a dead horse 
carcass) are commendable.  Still, it is far from the most 
fleshed-out performance of the year, and it is not even the 
best performance in the film.  That accolade goes to Tom 
Hardy, who makes John Fitzgerald one of the more nuanced 
scumbags to grace the screen in 2015.  Fitzgerald is a real 
bastard, deceitful and bigoted, but in some key scenes we 
glimpse a surprising sense of honor within him. 
To call “The Revenant” one of the best films of 2015 
would be to severely overrate it.  Many of the year’s best, 
like other Best Picture nominees “Mad Max: Fury Road” 
and “The Martian,” blend excitement with depth in a way 
that the “The Revenant” never manages consistently.  Still, 
a film with such a distinct look and intense pace can hardly 
be called bad, and in fact, it is quite good.  It just might not 
be all it is being made out to be.  Go in expecting something 
like an arthouse summer blockbuster and you will be in for 
a treat.  

FILM REVIEW 
‘The Revenant’ is thrilling, but is it Oscar worthy? 

Source: collider.com
Director Alejandro G. Iñárritu (left) and Leonardo DiCaprio (right) in the middle of filming a scene for “The Revenant.”


Source: Jacopo della Quercia
The cover of spy thriller “License to Quill.”

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT7

TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: ELI ENIS
ARTSENT.ASP@GMAIL.COM

M I S S  T H E  S H O W ?  R E A D  A B O U T  I T  O N L I N E  A T  A L B A N Y S T U D E N T P R E S S . N E T

By LEOBIANNY HILARIO

Not many people sit in history class thinking, “What if 
Shakespeare lived a cool, double life?” 
Not many people, that is, besides Giacomo Calabria, 
who explores this undiscovered world in his new novel 
“License to Quill.”
Calabria, who works under the pen name Jacopo della 
Quercia, is a prominent writer in the Capital Region, 
serving as a scholar with the New York Council for 
the Humanities. Some may recognize Jacopo from his 
articles on the humor website Cracked.com. He was also 
featured in The New York Times bestselling book “You 
Might Be a Zombie and Other Bad News.” His work has 
also appeared in Reader’s Digest, BBC America, CNN 
Money, Slate, The Huffington Post, the International 
Screenwriters’ Association, and academic publications 
offered by schools like Princeton University. Jacopo 
released his first novel, “The Great Abraham Lincoln 
Pocket Watch Conspiracy,” in 2014.
Jacopo attempts to rewrite history as an action thriller in 
his new book “License to Quill,” a James Bond-esque spy 
thriller starring people only heard of in history class. This 
book shows a perspective of William Shakespeare and 
Christopher Marlowe like never seen before, with quick-
on-your-feet sarcasm and a great sense of humor.
The first impression “License to Quill” is a sense that 
it may be overwhelming with all of the factors that come 
into play. The novel engulfs readers with its setting (it 
takes place during the Gunpowder Plot), the historical 
figures, boundless action, Macbeth, spies, and humor. 
While it is a lot to take in, once immersed in the story it is 
easy to understand and it flows effortlessly because of how 
well-written it is. 
“License to Quill” was written in Albany during the 
notoriously cold winter of 2014-15, and the novel was 
released this past December. The following interview with 
Jacopo della Quercia delves into the novel’s beginnings, 
character development, and inspiration.

Albany Student Press: How did you get the inspiration 
for your character’s personalities?

Jacapo della Quercia: Just about everybody has their 
own opinion of what these figures are like. The advantage 
that came to writing these people is we have so much 
writing on their humor and opinions, and what I try to 
do is imagine what life was like for them as an ordinary 
person. The best resource I had for that, in terms of how to 
write those characters, was the University at Albany’s own 
[author and former faculty member] William Kennedy. 
I try to separate my characters’ spoken words from their 
written words, and I try my best to show that these people 
were not statues or women in paintings. They were people 

who were not too different from you and me, and 
just like you and me, they can find themselves in 
extraordinary situations.

ASP: Do any of your characters resemble people 
you know in real life? Are some events in the 
story based on experience?

JDQ: I’m delighted to say one of UAlbany’s 
professors appears in the acknowledgments, Dr. 
Gylne Griffith, who I describe as a very towering 
friend. I don’t want to say specifically which 
character I based on him, but for those who read the 
book and know him, they might be able to picture 
him towering above the rest of the crowd. But for 
most of my characters based on historical figures, I 
try to do my best to imagine what they’d do in the 
situations they’re put into.

ASP: Your specific writing style can be classified 
as historical fiction, but do you see yourself 
branching out to any other genre?

JDQ: It’s so interesting because I don’t see myself 
narrowed to any particular field. I just try to write 
what I like to think I am best at, but I also like to 
experiment and see what my limitations are. I am 
curious to see what else I can do, but it’s not so much 
about what writing style. It’s more about offering 
something unique to whatever genre I’m writing in.

ASP: Is there anything you found challenging 
while writing the book?

JDQ: I can say with a heavy heart that it was just 
physically exhausting to write this book. With my 
first book, “The Great Abraham Lincoln Pocket 
Watch Conspiracy,” the challenges were more 
mechanical, such as ‘Can I even write a novel? 
Can I deliver this on time?’ With my second book 
[“License to Quill”], I still did not know how to write a 
book in terms keeping track of my own health. I spent way 
too much time sitting and writing and not enough time 
exercising. It started to take a physical toll on my body. 
I really needed to physically rescue myself, and I was 
determined to use this experience in my novel. I punish 
William Shakespeare, I make him sick in the story. That 
was me trying to make the best of what was the worst of 
times writing the novel.

ASP: Do you have any advice to aspiring writers and/
or your readers?

JDQ: Anybody can be a writer. If you can live, you can 

write. In many cases it’s people who doubt this basic 
truth that abstain from the art, so if anyone reading this 
is unsure about starting, to quote Dante: “The secret to 
getting things done is to act!” Just take a stab at it. If you 
have any questions about anything, please track me down. 
I’m on Twitter all the time, so please contact me. I want to 
help other writers because I would not be here right now 
with a book to discuss unless other writers had helped 
me.

“License to Quill” was released in December of 2015. 
For those interested in history and literature with a 
humorous twist, this book is worth a read. Visit Jacopo’s 
website at PocketWatchConspiracy.com or follow him on 
Twitter at @Jacopo_della_Q for more information.

CAPITAL REGION AUTHOR MIXES SHAKESPEARE 
AND JAMES BOND IN NOVEL ‘LICENSE TO QUILL’

By JULIA DAY

Three English creative legends including David Bowie, 
Lemmy Kilmister, and Alan Rickman passed away from  
cancer at the start of the new year. Despite their passing, 
the impact they have left on the music, television, and film 
industries has been monumental.

David Bowie

David Robert Jones, known as David Bowie, passed away 
from liver cancer on Jan. 10 at the age of 69. Born in London 
in 1947 with a natural inclination towards music and arts, 
Bowie was inspired by rock and roll pioneers Elvis Presley 
and Little Richards. Following school he chose to pursue his 
passion professionally, a decision that would forever change 
the world of rock.
His self-titled debut album “David Bowie” was released in 
June 1967, the same day The Beatles released their critically 
acclaimed album “Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band,” 
and was considered a commercial failure.
Bowie’s fourth and fifth albums, “Hunky Dory” in 1971 
and “The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders 
from Mars” in 1972 are what put Bowie permanently on 
the map, having finally perfected his signature art rock and 
glam pop sound. The rest is rock and roll history. Through a 
career spanning four decades Bowie would go on to produce 
25 studio albums, all diverse and unique using his fusion of 
progressive rock, new wave, and pop styles. Bowie ended his 
career with “Blackstar” which was released only two days 
before his death.
Bowie further pursued his love of the arts by acting in 
several films, including his role in the 1986 fantasy film 
“Labyrinth,” and acting in the Broadway production of “The 
Elephant Man” in 1980.
He leaves behind his wife of 24 years, Somali fashion 
model Iman, as well their 15-year-old daughter Alexandria. 
Like the works of Presley and Little Richards that had 

inspired him, Bowie’s work has and will continue to inspire 
future generations of musicians to come. 

Lemmy Kilmister

Ian Fraser Kilmister, known as Lemmy, passed away from 
cancer on Dec. 28 at the age of 70. Born in Staffordshire in 
1945, Lemmy was inspired by the The Beatles and learned 
how to play guitar to their album “Please Please Me.”
Throughout the ‘60s and early ‘70s, Lemmy joined several 
local bands including the Rainmakers, Motown sect, the 
Rockin’ Vickers, Sam Gopal, and Opal Butterfly. He also 
worked as a roadie for Jimi Hendrix for a brief time.
Lemmy performed as a bassist and vocalist for the space 
rock band Hawkwind from 1971 until 1975 when he was 
fired from the band following his arrest on drug possession. 
Following his dismissal, Lemmy formed his own band 
titled Mötorhead, acting as the group’s bassist, singer, and 
songwriter. The band’s sound has been noted for its use of 
heavy metal, hard rock, and serving as a foundation for early 
punk. 
Mötorhead spiraled into the spotlight with its successful 
second and third albums “Overkill” in 1979 and “Bomber” 
the same year. Over the course of their career, Mötorhead 
would go on to record 22 studio albums, 10 live recordings, 
12 compilation albums, and 5 EPs, selling over 15 million 
albums worldwide. Their last album, “Bad Magic” was 
released in August 2015. Although the band has had many 
members through the years, Lemmy is noted as being the only 
consistent member present during the band’s career.
In an interview with Rolling Stone magazine, fellow 
musician Ozzy Osbourne remembered his friend, stating 
“There’s a big hole in the music industry as far as I’m 
concerned…There goes a hero for me.”

Alan Rickman

Alan Rickman passed away from pancreatic cancer on Jan. 

14 at the age of 69. Born in London in 1946, Rickman’s father 
passed away when he was only eight years old. Living with 
his mother and three siblings, Rickman took up a career as a 
graphic designer following college, citing it as a more stable 
career for him at the time than pursuing acting.
After having success as a graphic designer, Rickman 
made the decision to go back to school to pursue his dream 
of acting and attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art 
for two years. From there he joined numerous theater groups 
including working for the prominent Royal Shakespeare 
Company. During the early ‘80s he appeared in several BBC 
produced television shows and films.
In 1988, Rickman was cast as German organized crime 
villain Hans Gruber in the wildly popular action film “Die 
Hard.” He is also widely known for his role as professor and 
wizard Severus Snape in the “Harry Potter” series. 
He has starred in films including “Robin Hood: Prince 
of Thieves,” “Rasputin: Dark Servant of Destiny,” and 
“Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.” 
Although being typecast as an antagonist, Rickman’s career 
has actually encompassed a wide variety of genres. He has 
starred in numerous romantic films including “Truly, Madly, 
Deeply,” “Sense and Sensibility,” and “Love Actually.” He 
is also known for his role as Alexander Dane in the science-
fiction comedy “Galaxy Quest,” as well as voice acting 
Marvin the Paranoid Android in “The Hitchhiker’s Guide to 
the Galaxy.”
Rickman leaves behind his wife Rima Horton, whom he 
started dating in 1965 at the age of 19 and stayed together 
until his death. A highly skilled actor and well respected by 
fellow co-stars, Rickman’s presence is sure to be missed. 
His last two films “Eye in the Sky” and “Alice Through the 
Looking Glass” will be theatrically released later this year.
Other deaths this year include The Eagles guitarist Glenn 
Frey, “The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams” star Dan 
Haggerty, Nat King Cole’s daughter and singer Natalie Cole, 
country singer Craig Strickland, and Celine Dion’s husband 
and manager René Angélil.

Remembering Bowie, Lemmy, and Rickman

BOOK REVIEW 

CELEBRITY DEATHS

Sources:  rogerebert.com, zumic.com, pagetopremier.


P R I N T E D  B Y  T H E  T I M E S  U N I O N ,  A L B A N Y ,  N E W  Y O R K  —  A  H E A R S T  C O R P O R A T I O N  N E W S P A P E R

Source: Screengrab from UAlbany’s YouTube 
page
An aerial view of the stadium.

FROM THE COVER8

TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: MADELINE ST. AMOUR 
PRODUCTION.ASP@GMAIL.COM

STADIUM
Continued from Page 1

Source: Screengrab from UAlbany’s YouTube page 
Duker and company watch as President Jones announces the gift UAlbany received from the Bernard and Millie Children’s 
Foundation. From right to left: Mary Casey, Sharon Duker, William F. Duker, William “West” Duker (Duker’s son) and Milana 
Kuznetsova (the latter Duker’s girlfriend). 

convicted felon in connection with 
a scheme to overcharge the federal 
government.”
Vincent Bonventre, an Albany Law 
School professor specializing in Appeals 
Court cases and legal ethics, said that legal 
fraud is the practice of giving dishonest 
advice to someone that harms them as a 
result. 
“Nobody has an obligation to disabuse 
everybody of every irrational thing they 
may think, but if there’s good reason to 
think that somebody is a lawyer and you 
know that person is relying on advice 
you’re giving because they believe you’re 
a lawyer, you’ve got an obligation to tell 
them, ‘No, I’m not,’” Bonventre said.
Shaw, representing the Albany BSF 
office, denied most of what Deep has 
alleged in court since 2005.
“Boies, Schiller moved to withdraw from 
representing [Deep] and [his] companies,” 
Shaw said in a phone interview, “because 
he was lying about his activities with the 
companies.”
 Along with many lawyers from BSF’s 
defensive team in Deep’s lawsuit, Shaw 
makes the distinction that Deep and 
BuddyUSA are different entities, with the 
company rather than the person in actual 
ownership of the Aimster software. Stock 
records from 2001 show Deep owning 
a majority of shares in BuddyUSA. 
This points to Deep having the potential 
final say in most corporate transactions, 
although Deep alleges there were 
protections and offsets written into the 
contract to protect the interests of Boies 
and Duker. Shaw and BSF argue against 
most of Deep’s 2005 allegations, citing 
the statute of limitations, which states in 
these types of cases that the crime and the 
lawsuit can’t be separated by more than 
three years. The defendants also maintain 
in testimony that Deep is lying. 
 “The cases were built upon 
falsehoods,” Shaw said.
 Bonventre said, “It is very, very, very 
difficult for me to believe that someone 
like David Boies would not make it clear 
if he was advising somebody to get advice 
from Duker, I would imagine —I’m 
confident that David Boies would have 
made clear that Duker is not a lawyer.”
He went on, “David Boies is not a hack. 
David Boies is an eminent lawyer. He’s 
one of the great lawyers; he’s not going to 
pull crap like that. No, not from anything I 
know about him. Everything I know about 

him is about as good as a lawyer as you 
can be. The other people who I know in 
that firm — the same thing.”
Boies himself made four appearances 
in court over the case in 2012. In these 
appearances, Deep and Boies cross-
examine each other, arguing over nearly 
every fact in the case.
 In one exchange with Boies cross-
examining Deep, the alleged conference 
calls are examined exhaustively. Deep 
concedes that he and Boies rarely talked 
on these calls. One thing he does claim 
happened nearly every day during the 
RIAA case, however, was a meeting with 
Duker. Deep claims that Duker made 
conference calls once a week for two 
years to Boies on his behalf.
 Duker himself never appeared in 
court, according to records. Deep said in 
a 2009 court appearance, “Now I have 
not to my knowledge conceded that Mr. 
Duker was not served… obviously, he’s 
not responding to anything, but I have not 
conceded that he was not served.”
 
A Tale of Two Lawyers 

In 1987, Duker co-founded the Duker 
& Barrett law firm and garnered a 
reputation for being a penny-pincher, 
according to sources quoted in a 1997 
Wall Street Journal article.
The New York City-based firm picked 
up an assignment Boies passed along 
in 1990 to represent the FDIC and the 
RTC. The legal team sought damages 
for those scammed by Michael Milken. 
The so-called “Junk Bond King” agreed 
to a settlement of more than $1 billion 
with the government. Duker’s firm then 
investigated the failure of CenTrust Bank 
in Miami, with the primary target being 
CenTrust’s law firm at the time, Paul, 
Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison 
(Paul Weiss).
According to Paul M. Barrett’s article 
in the WSJ, Duker recommended that 
the FDIC sue the firm for millions in 
damages. Boies at the time was quoted as 
saying, “We all would have been happier 
if nobody associated with us was adverse 
to Paul Weiss.”
While Duker attempted to hold Paul 
Weiss accountable, he simultaneously 
engaged in fraudulent practices himself, 
amassing a fortune in the process. 
According to the FDIC, Duker defrauded 
it and the RTC of about $1.4 billion.
In 1993, with persistence from Duker’s 
firm, Paul Weiss agreed to pay $45 
million to the government, while never 
admitting any wrongdoing, according to 

the article. Duker’s targeting of high-
profile law firms had paid off.
According to an FDIC press release 
from 1997, Duker’s firm was earning up 
to $5 million annually during the scheme 
and he received up to 80 percent of the 
payments.
The FBI found that Duker & Barrett 
was overbilling the banking agencies for 
his services by cooking the work hour 
books. The FBI’s accusation alleged that 
Duker had been “making handwritten 
notations on draft bills that directed the 
firm’s office manager to increase the 
hours reported for individual attorneys, 
generally by one to four hours per day.”
Duker pled guilty and was sentenced in 
1997 to a 33-month prison term, of which 
he only served 16 months.  He was fined 
$7,500 to enter programs administered 
by the U.S. Probation Office, and he paid 
the federal government $2.58 million 
under a settlement agreement in criminal 
restitution and civil damages, according to 
the case docket.
Duker was also disbarred and forbidden 
to practice law in any form. According to 
sworn testimony from Boies, the lawyer 
and the disbarred remain good friends to 
this day.

A Second Chance
 
UAlbany officials took Duker’s past 
into account before they accepted the $10 
million donation, according to Fardin 
Sanai, vice president for University 
Development and executive director 
since 2007 of the University at Albany 
Foundation — the private arm tasked with 
handling the university’s donations.
“We are well aware of his past,” he 
said. He said the Foundation applauded 
Duker when he gave the $25 million to 
Albany Medical Center “because one of 
our alums doing it — it was wonderful.”
Sanai was also listed as a senior vice 
president for development at Albany 
Medical Center in 2006, and Duker’s wife 
Sharon was appointed to the hospital’s 
Board of Directors in 2014.
Sanai gave a personal analogy related 
to Duker’s conviction: “I’m from Iran. I 
was born and raised there—and you guys 
are seeing all the pictures of ISIS and 
everything—if you do something wrong 
there, you steal something, they cut your 
arms off.”
He continued, “You know why they do 
that? So that you’d be ashamed for you for 
the rest of your life that no one will talk to 
you, you will be disassociated; you’d be 
an outcast. I think that one of the things 

that makes us different in this country 
is about people giving people second 
chances. It’s about redemption.”
“He’s trying to do something good,” 
Sanai said.
John Deep disagrees in his court claims.
His allegation is that while Duker and 
Boies aided him during his RIAA case, 
they simultaneously deprived him of 
his beneficial ownership in the software 
and shares of BuddyUSA by spreading 
his interests thin. They did this through 
investments, without his knowledge, into 
a plethora of small companies and LLCs 
that Duker, Boies and others close to the 
pair were involved with.
When confronted with questions of 
Duker’s history of litigation, Sanai said, 
“You go to the School of Business, 
we have Goldman Sachs’s name on it, 
Deloitte, you know how many litigations 
they’re a part of every day? So it’s a fact 
of life when you are dealing with that 
kind of business…other than the federal 
case, he hasn’t been convicted of anything 
else.”
Paul Miesing, Ph.D and professor at 
UAlbany specializing in business ethics, 
talked about the potential motivation 
behind the donation, “I don’t know why 
[Duker’s] donating to a state university. 
Those kind of big bucks you would 
expect to go to Harvard…We’re a worthy 
cause and we do well, but these are huge 
amounts for us.”
Miesing sees the donation as an 
example of utilitarianism (greatest good 
for the greatest number) rather than 
Machiavellian.
“The ends I’ll say won’t justify the 
means, but he’s using it for a good cause,” 
Miesing said. “If it was not for him, we 
wouldn’t really be able to beef up what’s 
important and valuable to the state of New 
York.” 
           
  
A Donor Examined
 
UAlbany is not the only thing Duker 
has spent his money on. Duker purchased 
a $30 million penthouse in New York City 
as “an investment and not as a personal 
residence,” according to real estate 
reports. According to various boating 
news outlets, Duker is also designing 
his latest yacht: a 230-foot vessel named 
Sybaris, for the ancient Greek city that 
amassed riches and became famous for its 
hedonism.
The only found court record containing 
Duker in his own words was in a two-
sentence e-mail to John Deep. Deep wrote 
a letter to Boies on upcoming lawsuits, 
with a carbon copy attached for Duker.
“I wish you would not,” Duker’s 
response reads. “He did a big favor for 
you and me.”
  Apart from the $10 million donation 
to name the stadium and the $25 million 
donation to Albany Medical Center in its 
history, BMCF’s latest tax records from 
2013 indicate the not-for-profit’s assets at 
just over $30,000. 
BMCF did not respond to multiple 
phone calls. Duker and members of his 
family likewise did not respond to phone 
calls and requests for interviews.

WANT TO BREAK HARD-HITTING STORIES? THEN WRITE FOR THE ASP!

Email Russell at theaspnews@gmail.com for more information or to pitch story ideas.

The ASP will also have a meeting on Thursday, Feb. 4 at 6 p.m. in our office, CC326, for 
those interested in writing news articles. 
We have our own list of ideas, but feel free to come with your own!


SPORTS9

TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: CELIA BALF
SPORTS.ASP@GMAIL.COM

D I D  Y O U  M I S S  T H E  G A M E ?  C A T C H  U P  A T  @ S P O R T S _ A S P

By LAMYA ZIKRY

The men’s lacrosse preseason started on 
Monday, Jan. 18 and the men are preparing 
for the spring 2016 season.
The team captains for this season are 
James Burdette (JR), Derrick Eccles 
(RSR), John Maloney (SR), and Blaze 
Riorden (SR). Both Eccles and Riorden are 
second-year captains.
On Monday they met for the first time 
since fall-ball for a conditioning test and 
practice. On Wednesday they were outside 
again for the first “official” practice of the 
spring— bundled up on the icy John Fallon 
Field, they got after it.
“Preseason has been awesome. I love 
our attitude. Our effort today [Jan 20] was 
outstanding. We had a very high tempo 
practice these first couple days. The guys 
came back in good shape and were very 
excited about what the prospects of this 
year bring,” Head Coach Scott Marr said.
For the lacrosse team, the conditioning 
test is to gage where they stand coming out 
of winter break. From there the practices 
are planned appropriately to improve their 
conditioning.
The conditioning test was 12,110-yard 
sprints. The team has to run the 110-yards 
in 18 seconds and they have 42 seconds to 
run back. This is done a total of 12 times.
Marr said it was really cold and windy 
the day they did the test, so the wind made 
it difficult, but the results were great.
“It’s been cold but good. A lot of people 
came back in shape, people’s sticks are 

sharp, and we look pretty good. A lot of 
people are starting to step up with the 
absence of last year’s lost leadership so it’s 
been good,” Eccles said.
Part of stepping up is being in shape. 
“Lacrosse is a lot of running so you have to 
be in really good shape and we had some 
guys fail the run test so they’re working out 
at 7 a.m. every morning to get some extra 
running in to be prepared for the season,” 
senior goalkeeper Blaze Riorden said. 
The lacrosse preseason consists of a 
lot of conditioning and team bonding. 
They even did yoga together to mix it up. 
Riorden says that battling the cold elements 
has been a challenge, but they still keep 
coming out and putting in good effort.
So far, Marr is happy with what he’s 
seen.
“It’s a good start with a very high tempo 
and a lot of energy,” he said.
One change this season is the absence of 
a Thompson on the team. For the lacrosse 
program this opens up the chance for new 
leadership to step up.
Riorden thinks that the dynamic will 
be different but they’ll still be able to put 
together wins as a team.
“It will definitely be different because 
you don’t have a go-to guy in clutch 
situations. We don’t have a guy right now 
where were like we want the ball in his 
stick when it comes to a big play. We’ve 
got Connor Fields who can score but it will 
be different as far as sharing the ball across 
the field,” Eccles said.

MEN’S LACROSSE
Pre-season sets 
high expectations 
for Great Danes

Source: UAlbany Athletics
The cold doesn’t stop UAlbany lacrosse players from enjoying their first official 
spring practice. 

Source: UAlbany Athletics 
                UAlbany Lacrosse Coach Marr huddles the team together to end practice. 

2,000 points is just the start for Richards

By TROY FARKAS

When Shereesha Richards 
scored on a putback layup with 
8:43 remaining in the fourth 
quarter of a blowout win against 
the University of Vermont on Jan. 
9, everyone was staring at her, and 
she wasn’t quite sure why.
It was because Richards, Uni-
versity at Albany’s star senior for-
ward, had just scored her 2,000th 
point as a Great Dane — a feat 
that had previously never been 
accomplished by any player in the 
history of UAlbany wom-
en’s basketball. She was 
told the day before the game 
that she was approaching 
the milestone, but she didn’t 
know how many points she 
needed to score that game to 
reach the mark.
“I didn’t know. That’s 
something I try not to think 
about,” Richards said. “I 
don’t want to know how 
much I am away from mak-
ing a record or breaking a 
record.”
The 2,000 point mark 
is one of many milestones 
reached by Richards, who is 
in the final season of one of 
the best careers in America 
East women’s basketball 
history. She also holds the 
record for most America 
East Player of the Week 
honors, bringing home 20 of 
the awards since her fresh-
man year at UAlbany.
The native-born Jamai-
can, who played her high 
school ball at Atlantic Chris-
tian (N.J.), was honored 
prior to a Jan. 15 game at 
SEFCU Arena against the 
University of Maine for her 
scoring achievement.
“It was pretty cool, hav-
ing everyone cheer for you 
and applaud you for your 
accomplishment,” Richards 
said. “It was just a great 
feeling to see everyone 
excited for my accomplish-
ment and congratulating me 
on reaching that milestone.”
When UAlbany Head 
Coach Katie Abrahamson-

Henderson landed Richards four 
years ago, she knew she was 
getting a top talent, but couldn’t 
possibly have predicted Richards 
would become the player she is 
today.
“I wanted to start crying. I feel 
like a proud parent,” said Hender-
son, known as Coach Abe to her 
players. “Watching her go through 
four years and already scoring that 
many in just the second game in-
conference is pretty amazing.”
Abrahamson-Henderson, whose 
husband comes from Jamaica, 

noted the importance of Richards’ 
roots, saying she knew Richards 
would be a “really tough and 
humble” player based on what she 
already knew about the work ethic 
of people with ties to the island 
country.
“She is the hardest worker on 
our team. She never quits,” Abra-
hamson-Henderson said, now in 
her sixth season leading the Great 
Danes. “We never have to turn her 
up and say ‘go harder’.”
For most high-volume scor-
ers, it takes a lot of shot attempts 

to put up big scoring numbers. 
That isn’t the case for Richards, 
who averages 23.6 points per 
game while shooting 56 percent 
from the field. She holds the top 
two scoring games by America 
East players this season, putting 
up 41 points in a mid-December 
game against UC Davis, as well 
as a 34-point performance against 
Maine. The 6’1” Richards also 
averages nine rebounds and has 
recorded eight double-doubles this 
season.
Despite the accolades, Richards 

doesn’t play for personal glory, 
according to those who know her.
“I love being [Shereesha’s] 
teammate,” said point guard Za-
kiya Saunders. “She is not selfish 
about anything or cocky. She is 
just great.”
“Her team loves her. They 
would get the ball to her every 
single second,” Abrahamson-
Henderson said.
It is that kind of camaraderie 
that makes a successful basket-
ball team, especially one like the 
UAlbany women, who sit atop the 
America East Conference 
with an unblemished record 
of 6-0 in the conference. 
They are led by the high-
octane scoring duo of Rich-
ards and junior guard Imani 
Tate, who chips in 18 points 
per game for the Danes.
The ride is almost over 
for Richards, who will 
graduate this spring with 
a bachelor’s degree in 
sociology. It’s very rare for 
a basketball player from the 
Capital Region to end up 
playing basketball profes-
sionally. But for a player of 
Richards’ caliber, the idea 
isn’t too far-fetched. She is 
a two-time America East 
Player of the Year, and she 
also received an honorable 
mention last year when the 
Associated Press announced 
its annual All-America 
teams.
The Great Danes traveled 
to California in December 
to play in the Women of 
Troy Classic with hopes of 
showcasing Richards’ talent 
to WNBA scouts. Richards 
hopes she impressed.
“I was able to perform 
well,” Richards said. “They 
were able to see me, and I 
somewhat made a name for 
myself.”
Those scouts witnessed 
her 41 points against UC 
Davis and saw her score 33 
against USC.
“I feel really blessed. I 
didn’t know that she was 
going to be this good,” Abra-
hamson-Henderson said.

Bill Ziskin / UAlbany Athletics
Shereesha Richards scored her 2,000th point on Jan. 9, 2016 against the University of Vermont. 

WOMEN’S BASKETBALL


D I D  Y O U  M I S S  T H E  G A M E ?  C A T C H  U P  A T  @ S P O R T S _ A S P

SPORTS10

TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: CELIA BALF
SPORTS.ASP@GMAIL.COM
@SPORTS_ASP

ON THE ROAD TO VICTORY

BASKETBALL

WINS
2015-2016

M 64-47

W 69-59

M 51-50

W 73-54

WINS
2014-2015

M 69-63

W 68-64

M 59-56

By CELIA BALF

The University at Albany Great Danes versus the Stony 
Brook Seawolves is always a battle worth the hype. The 
Peter Hooley shot from last year is sure to ring a bell. 
The Great Danes-Seawolves rivalry is one that dates back 
years. This year the football teams made their conference 
game into a competition for the “Golden Apple,” another 
effort to feed this rivalry and distinguish which school is 
better at sports. Since it’s basketball season, the rivalry is 
now as fresh as Coach Abe’s suit each game.

UAlbany Women’s Team > Stony Brook Women’s Team

On Thursday night, UAlbany’s women’s basketball 
team continued their winning streak to seven games while 
halting Stony Brook’s winning streak in a 73-54 win at 
SEFCU Arena. Stony Brook was on a nine game winning 
streak going into the game against UAlbany only to be 
completely shut down by Imani Tate’s 29 points and a 
standout defensive effort by the Great Danes. Richard’s 

surpassed her milestone of being the 
highest scoring women’s basketball 
player at UAlbany and become the 
highest scoring women’s basketball 
player in the Capital Region. Richards 
(16 pts, 10 rbs) and Saunders (10 pts, 
13 assists) each earned double -doubles 
last night.
 Before the game began Stony 
Brook had few statistics over 
UAlbany, but one they did have was 
rebounding. Stony Brook’s percentage 
was 41.4 percent and UAlbany’s was 
37.8 percent - the Great Danes were 
able to out -rebound Stony Brook 
38- 22. 
For Coach Abe, and any great 
coach, it is the defense that wins 
games. “Everyone will talk about the 
offense, we talk about defense, that 
was the game plan,” she said. 

UAlbany held Stony Brook’s key player 
Brittany Snow to 16 points. The UAlbany 
women’s basketball team will face Stony 
Brook again on Feb. 17 and, if one thing is 
certain, the atmosphere will be tense.

UAlbany Men’s Team < Stony Brook Men’s 
Team 

The UAlbany men’s basketball team 
faced Stony Brook last year in the America 
East Championship game, where the game 
arguably was in Stony Brook’s favor, yet 
Hooley’s shot sunk in, and the rest is history. 
History, however until this past Friday night 
where Stony Brook beat the Great Danes 
69-63 in an emotional and close game up 
until the final minute. Stony Brook had been 
playing incredibly well up until this game, 
and remains undefeated in conference (6-0) 
and (14-4 overall.) This is the UAlbany 
men’s team second loss in conference. They 
fell to Maine earlier this month. This game 
had Coach Brown and his team pumped up 
and ready to go. Hooley finally got his pep 
back in his step and was scoring big baskets 
in the games leading up to Stony Brook.
 Unfortunately for the Danes, Jameel 
Warney and the Seawolves are pretty 
impressive and unbeatable right now. When 
all three of UAlbany’s key perimeter players 
are on (Peter Hooley, Ray Sanders and Evan 
Singletary) they are hard to beat, even Brown 
says so, however even when all three had a 
double-digit game like they did on Friday 
(Hooley, 13, Sanders, 14 and Singletary, 
14) Stony Brook still found a way. UAlbany 
will host UMASS Lowell (7-12, 3-3 AE) on 
Wednesday night in SEFCU Arena where 
they will try to get back on track and prepare 
to face Stony Brook again on Feb. 17, except 
this time with the comfort of their home 
court. 

Jonathan Peters / Albany Student Press
UAlbany’s women’s team broke Stony Brook’s nine game winning streak 
last Thursday with a 73-54 win at SEFCU Arena.

Wednesday, Jan. 27
Saturday, Feb. 6
Sunday, Feb. 14  
Wednesday, Feb. 17 
Saturday, Feb. 27 
   
   
Wednesday, Feb. 3 
Monday, Feb. 8
Thursday, Feb. 11 
Thurs., Feb. 25 
Sunday, Feb. 28  
   
   
   
   
  

UMass Lowell  
Vermont  
Maine
Stony Brook
Hartford

UMBC
Binghamton
New Hampshire
UMass Lowell
Hartford

UPCOMING HOME GAMES

MEN’S

WOMEN’S


