Women’s 
basketball 
brings 
home a 
W on their 
first game
PAGE 9

T U E S D A Y ,  N O V E M B E R  1 7 ,  2 0 1 5     I S S U E  1 0     A L B A N Y S T U D E N T P R E S S . N E T

P R I N T E D  B Y  T H E  T I M E S  U N I O N ,  A L B A N Y ,  N E W  Y O R K  —  A  H E A R S T  C O R P O R A T I O N  N E W S P A P E R

A L B A N Y  S T U D E N T  P R E S S

C E L E B R A T I N G  1 0 0  Y E A R S 
 1 9 1 6 — 2 0 1 6

A debate on 
“the most 
racist front 
page in the 
United States”
PAGE 4

@jean_jullien

By KASSIE PARISI AND MADELINE ST. AMOUR
U

niversity at Albany students came together 
on campus last Thursday in support of the 
University of Missouri protests that have 
been dominating the news cycle. The rally, which 
was held by the small fountain on campus from 1 
p.m. to 3 p.m., appeared to draw a crowd of about 
130 people, according to the Student Association.
UAlbany Chief of Police Frank Wiley spoke at 
the rally, and said he was proud of the Concerned 
Student 1950 movement and the subsequent 
UAlbany rally. Vice President for Student Affairs 
Michael Christakis was present also, and said that 
it’s important to him that students feel comfortable 
on campus.
“I stand with you,” Christakis said.
UAlbany senior Mandela Gadsen organized the 
event in conjunction with the Student Association, 
and was pleased with the turnout. He said he hopes 
to have other events that will spread awareness 
of diversity issues around campus, but that in the 
meantime, students have to educate themselves if 
they want to see change.
“Information is key,” Mandela said.
Many students held handmade signs that said, 
“Black lives matter,” “we can’t breathe.” One sign 
that said, “young, black, safe” was formatted like 
a checklist. The words “young” and “black” were 
checked off…the word “safe” was not.
Students also gave speeches at the rally.
“We have the power to change the future if we 
start now…we all want change but we only come out 
for one day,” UAlbany student Kyle Chittum said.
UAlbany sophomore Judgette Moen said that 
while she feels that campus is fairly diverse overall, 
people still tend to stay in “cliques” within their 
different races.
“We need to have allies,” senior Alaysia Martin 
said. Martin added that UAlbany seems to be lacking 
in faculty diversity. “I’ve had maybe two black 
professors in my time here,” she said.
Mandela explained that he didn’t want the 
University of Missouri movement to be ignored 
or brushed under the rug here, which was why he 
organized the rally. “I felt like it was needed and that 
it was time,” Mandela said.
“Nobody’s going to wait for you to do stuff…you 
gotta do it yourself,” he said.

“Nobody’s going to wait 
for you to do stuff...you 
gotta do it yourself.”

-Mandela Gadsen

ACTIVISM
RALLY FOR #MIZZOU

Connor Murphy / Albany Student Press 
UAlbany’s Chief of Police Frank Wiley attended the rally on 
Thursday. He said he is proud of the renewed Concerned 
Student 1950 movement.

Connor Murphy / Albany Student Press 
Event organizer Mandela Gadsen stands at the podium in 
front of the Small Fountain to introduce one of many student 
participants who spoke at the rally last week.

Connor Murphy / Albany Student Press
Student Association Director of Intercultural Affairs Larry 
Ginsburg was one of the students present at the Mizzou rally 
on Thursday afternoon.

Madeline St. Amour / Albany Student Press 
University at Albany students joined hands to form a prayer circle after the rally ended. About 130 students gathered around the Small Fountain in front of the Campus 
Center on Thursday afternoon on Nov. 12.

Connor Murphy / Albany Student Press
Students brought handmade signs to the rally expressing 
their how they feel as African-American students. One 
student’s sign read “I might be next!”


CRIME BLOTTER

H A V E  A  N E W S  T I P ?  E M A I L  U S  A T  T H E A S P . E I C @ G M A I L . C O M

HARASSMENT      
PHYSICAL CONTACT
11/6/2015
Podium - PAC
Report of three unknown 
male subjects being a 
nuisance to a female 
student.

MEDICAL INCIDENT
11/6/2015
Indian Quad - Montauk
Hall
Report of male student 
with burning sensation 
in face and arms. 
Transported to hospital 
by 5
Quad.

FIRE ALARM
11/6/2015
Podium - Campus
Center
Trash cart knocked into 
pull box.

ASSISTING A PERSON
11/6/2015
Other - Off-Campus
Report of email chain 
with threats.

ASSIST A PERSON
11/6/2015
Other - UPD
Report of a damaged to 
dorm room door.

CHECK A SUBJECT
11/6/2015
Roadways - DQ Lot
Report of hazing.

ACCIDENT PROPERTY
DAMAGE
11/6/2015
Liberty Terrace - LT
Grounds
Assisted a male student 
and female student 
in report of property 
damage in motor vehicle
accident.

ASSIST A PERSON
11/7/2015
Roadways - Collins
Circle
Report of taxi dispute.

POSSESS FORGED 
INSTRUMENT
11/7/2015
Indian Pond
Three male students 
were found to be 
smoking marijuana and 
referred for the same. 
One of the
students was found to 
be in possession of 
a forged license and 
referred for same.

CRIMINAL CONTEMPT
11/8/2015
Dutch Quad - Stuyvesant
Tower
A male subject was 
arrested for violating an 
order of protection.

MEDICAL INCIDENT
11/8/2015 1
Roadways - Collins
Circle
Report of three male 
students injured in 
altercation. Transported 
to hospital by 5 Quad.

FIRE ALARM
11/8/2015
Dutch Quad - Schuyler
Hall
Due to steam pipe.

MEDICAL INCIDENT
11/8/2015
State Quad - SQ
Office
Report of a male 
student with an injured 
finger. Transported to 
hospital by 5 Quad.

CRIMINAL SALE OF 
MARIJUANA
11/9/2015
Podium - Mail Center
Report of a UPS package 
containing marijuana.

ASSIST A PERSON
11/9/2015
Colonial Quad Morris
Hall
Report of a female 
subject verbally 
threatening two female 
students.

PERSONS ANNOYING
1/9/2015
Alumni Quad Pierce
Hall
Report of a male subject 
being a nuisance to a 
female student.

ASSIST A PERSON
11/10/2015
Alumni Quad AQ
Grounds
Assisted a female 
student in blocking 
unwanted texts.
CHECK A SUBJECT
11/10/2015
Roadways - Collins
Circle
Report of subjects flying 
drones.

ASSIST OTHER PD
11/11/2015
Other - UPD
Assisted Albany Police 
Department with victim 
interviews.

FIRE
11/11/2015
Roadways - SQ Lot
Report of a car fire due 
to buildup of leaves in 
engine area.

DRIVING WHILE 
INTOXICATED 1ST
OFFENSE
11/12/2015
Roadways - Western
Ave
A male subject was 
found to be driving while 
intoxicated. Vehicle was 
towed and an arrest was
made.

CHECK A VEHICLE
11/12/2015
Podium - University
Hall
Report of unauthorized 
food truck vendor.

ASSIST A PERSON
11/12/2015
Downtown Campus - 
Draper Hall
Report of a male subject 
being a nuisance.

NEWS2

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2015
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: KASSIE PARISI
THEASP.EIC@GMAIL.COM

DANES SAY WHAT?

 “I think UAlbany offers enough 
extracurricular activities for everyone. This 
is because they offer a variety of clubs that 
everyone can fit into. There are some I 
didn’t even know about until I researched 
them... If UAlbany doesn’t have a club that 
you’re interested in, the school can give you 
funds to get it started.”

- Omar Arellano, Class of 2015

This week, we asked students: 

Do you think this university offers enough 
extracurriculars to make everyone happy? 

Compiled by Vaughnee 
Simmons

“Yes, I definitely think our school 
offers enough extracurricular activities 
for students. There are so many different 
types of students from across the globe 
and they all find happiness in this school. 
There’s so much do on campus... [you can 
get involved by] joining a culture club, 
going to events hosted by student affairs, 
playing intramurals. There are so many 
opportunities for students to get together 
and feel welcomed on this campus.” 

- Lindsay Scott, Class of 2017

“UAlbany does offer extracurricular 
activities to make everyone happy. If you 
like music, there’s an ensemble you can join. 
If you’re into sports, there’s many teams 
you can join. Whatever you are into, there is 
always something. If you find that there isn’t 
anything you like, the best part is that you can 
create a club!  Coming to college isn’t an easy 
transition and finding a collective group of 
people who are interested in the same things 
as you is an amazing way to make friends. 
I know that if didn’t part in extracurricular 
activities, my life at UAlbany wouldn’t be 
as fun and I wouldn’t have all the amazing 
friends that I know.”

- Stephani Lopez, Class of 2016

More arrests coming from last year’s hazing tragedy

LOCAL NEWS

By RUSSELL J. OLIVER

Tuesday, Nov. 17 will mark the one-year anniversary 
of the death of Trevor Duffy. Duffy, 19 at the time of his 
death, was forced to drink an excessive amount of alcohol 
during a hazing event at an unsanctioned University at 
Albany fraternity party on Nov. 16. He was later found 
unconscious in the bathroom and taken to the hospital, 
where the Bronx-born sophomore died of alcohol poisoning 
the following day.
Eight arrests have now been made regarding this hazing 
event. Christopher Lyons, 22, was the most recent arrest. 
He turned himself over to the Albany City Court on Nov. 6. 
He was arrested for supplying alcohol at the underground 
fraternity’s initiation party to people underage and charged 
with Unlawfully Dealing with a Child in the First Degree, 
according to Steve Smith, Albany Police Department’s 
public information officer. Lyons faces up to a year in jail if 
convicted.

The other seven suspects who have been arrested for 
the incident are all UAlbany students. Austin Bacchus and 
Joseph Angilletta, both 20, are the latest to turn themselves 
over to Albany police. Keith Rosengarten, also 20, was 
Duffy’s “big” brother at the fraternity. 
They face one misdemeanor count of hazing, which 
is illegal under New York penal law. They were charged 
for participating and directing the hazing that caused this 
incident to take place, according to Smith.
The fraternity in question is the unsanctioned Zeta Beta 
Tau. The party took place at a frat house on Hamilton 
Street. Lyons provided bottles of Bacardi, Jack Daniels, 
Hennessey, vodka and whiskey to the party, according to 
police.
Duffy was “required, ordered, and encouraged” to 
consume a half-gallon handle of vodka at the hazing party, 
according to the New York Daily News. He was then taken 
to Albany Medical Center after he was found unconscious. 
Duffy’s alcohol level was seven times over the legal limit.

The APD detectives have been working on this case 
since the incident took place, according to Smith. The 
investigation had to wait for lab results to be performed 
accurately, which is why the arrest took place a year after 
the hazing event occurred.
“We do anticipate more arrests as the investigation goes 
forward,” Smith said.
The Albany Police Department takes hazing and 
underground fraternities very seriously. 
“Specifically, any time a college student becomes the 
victim of a crime or a college student is arrested we make 
sure that we correspond with the university to make sure 
that action is taken,” he said.
Smith stressed the APD’s collaborative relationship with 
UAlbany and other colleges in the region. He also said that 
they still take off-campus parties seriously as well.
“A lot of these parties take place in homes in residential 
neighborhoods,” he said. “It’s certainly a quality of life 
issue for those who reside there.”


BECAUSE SOMEDAY
I’ll take higher learning 
to a whole new level.    

Investing involves risk, including risk of loss.
*If you invest in the SUNY ORP through Fidelity, you will be investing in a variable group annuity contract issued by Massachusetts Mutual 

Life Insurance Company (“MassMutual”), 1295 State Street, Springfi

 eld, MA 01111-0001, and administered by Fidelity Investments. If benefi

 t 

payments are annuitized under the group annuity contract issued by MassMutual, those benefi

 t guarantees are subject to the claims-paying 
ability of MassMutual. 
Content in this communication and any allocation made to the variable group annuity contract is not and should not be construed as a 
solicitation or recommendation to purchase an annuity contract.

Guidance provided is educational.

The trademarks and/or service marks appearing above are the property of FMR LLC and may be registered. MassMutual and Fidelity Investments are not affi

 liated. 

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC, 900 Salem Street, Smithfi

 eld, RI 02917. © 2015 FMR LLC. All rights reserved.  728960.2.0

Call 800.642.7131 or visit 

netbenefi

 ts.com/SUNY

Every someday needs a plan

SM. 

Together, we’ll help you achieve 
what matters most.

Just as you make a difference in the lives 
of others, our free guidance can help you:

• Develop a long-term investing strategy.
• Get and stay on track toward your goals.

• Live the life you want today and into retirement.

Talk with Fidelity today about retirement, 
and together we can help you get there.

Fidelity Investments is now an authorized investment provider* for the SUNY Optional Retirement Program.


OPINIONS4

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2015
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: KEVIN MERCADO 
OPINIONS.ASP@GMAIL.COM

F O L L O W  U S  O N  T W I T T E R :  @ A L B S T U D E N T P R E S S

ALBANY  
STUDENT PRESS

CELEBRATING 100 YEARS 
 1916—2016

Kassie Parisi 
Editor-in-Chief 
theasp.eic@gmail.com 
518-225-5759

Madeline St. Amour 
Managing Editor 
production.asp@gmail.com 
518-369-5505

Janie Frank 
News Editor 
theaspnews@gmail.com

Aaron Cheris 
Sports Editor 
sports.asp@gmail.com
Julia Day 
A&E Editor 
artsent.asp@gmail.com
Kevin Mercado 
Opinions Editor 
opinions.asp@gmail.com
Keith Heesemann 
Business Manager 
asp.advertising@gmail.com

Advertise in the ASP: 
Keith Heesemann 
Business Manager 
asp.advertising@gmail.com

The Albany Student Press 
is published Tuesdays 
from September through 
May by the Albany Student 
Press Corporation, an 
independent, not-for-
profit organization. 

Advertisements, as well as 
letter and column content, 
do not necessarily reflect 
the opinion of ASP staff. 
All unsigned editorials are 
written with the approval 
of the editorial board. 
The ASP is a registered 
trademark of the Albany 
Student Press Corporation 
which has exclusive rights 
to any materials herein. 

Contact the ASP 
for information and 
publication schedules: 
Newsroom: 
Campus Center 326
Email:  
theasp.eic@gmail.com; 
production.asp@gmail.com
Phone: 
518-225-5759
www.albanystudentpress.net

By MEGHAN MAHAR
R 

ecently, controversy has surrounded 
SUNY Plattsburgh concerning the 
image on the front page of its student 
paper, Cardinal Points. The story, 
with the headline “Minority Admission Rates 
Examined,” was about the rise of admissions 
amongst African-American students. I 
thought it sounded harmless at first, until I 
saw the picture myself. 
The cartoon picture is of an African-
American boy dressed in a red cap and 
gown holding a diploma in his hand. Just 
looking at that part of the picture, it still 
seemed harmless. It is when I noticed the 
environment the cartoon boy is in that I 
realized its actual significance. 
In the cartoon, the boy is walking through 
a run-down neighborhood with graffiti 
on buildings, windows boarded up, and a 
broken-down car. I understand why so many 
students were offended.
The story is not about where students may 
or may not come from - it’s about how the 
admission numbers for African-American 
students have increased. Assuming that 
because a person is African-American they 
must come from the “ghetto” is stereotypical 
and racist. 

A cartoon drawing of an African-
American student at graduation or a 
photograph of African-American students 
on campus would have been much more 
appropriate. 
The Daily Beast calls it the most racist 
front page in the United States. In the same 
article, they said, “…there is a problem with 
racism at SUNY Plattsburgh.” 
Marvin Francios, a junior biology major at 
Plattsburgh, told North Country Public Radio 
that his neighborhood in Brooklyn is nothing 
similar to what is in the picture. 
“I don’t know why someone would think 
of this… It showed me how uneducated they 
are… to still think of black people that way,” 
Francios said. “We fought so hard for people 
to see a different perception… but it’s not 
changing at all.” 
To make matters worse, the illustrator of 
the picture, Jonny Zajac, took to Instagram 
after and posted racial comments. He did not 
show guilt or remorse for the people he hurt. 
This makes me think it was intentional.
The school should investigate further into 
its paper and see if any of the members have 
been involved in other racial incidents. I do 
not know how the picture made it through 
the whole editorial process without someone 
deciding that it wasn’t a good idea. 
It is the 
responsibility of the 
student-based staff that 
is in charge of the paper 
to check over every 
aspect carefully before 
sending it out to be 
printed. The head of the 
journalism department 
at SUNY Plattsburgh 
told The Huffington 
Post that a faculty 
adviser does not check 
over the paper until 
after it is published. 
Maybe it is time they 
change that.
Writing for the 
school paper is a 
privilege and anyone 
who abuses that 
should lose this 
privilege. Students of 
all backgrounds are 
entitled to a higher 
education and should 
not feel like they are 
under attack or being 
victimized by racism.

By KEVIN MERCADO
L

et’s talk about race. At face value, it’s 
only a social construct. We created 
it. Now in the case of the SUNY 
Plattsburgh “racist” cartoon I ask, is 
the cartoon itself really all that racist?
I’d like to think that the cartoon depicts an 
actual visualization of successful inner-city 
school kids. 
The picture, featured alongside the article 
“Minority Admission Rates Examined” 
showcases an African-American male 
graduate holding his diploma walking down 
a tattered street covered with graffiti and a 
beat up stop sign. 
According to The Huffington Post, 
SUNY Plattsburgh’s president, John Ettling, 
issued a statement soon after the cover hit 
the stands “calling the cartoon ‘personally 
offensive.’”
Now, this picture in and of itself is not 
offensive. I say this because of my own 
experiences growing up in an inner-city 
neighborhood and graduating from a school 
in an area that looks very similar to the area 
depicted in the picture.
I have seen first hand, at least from high 
school, students who look just like this. The 
essential message I get is that of hope for a 
better future than the environment that the 
student is in. It is the very same idea that I 
had after my high school graduation.
The drawing itself shows a meaning 
bigger than the stereotypical poor African-
American in the ghetto. And yes, while 
it depicts an African-American male in 
the run-down neighborhood, we cannot 
dispel that there are in fact African-
Americans who live in impoverished city 
neighborhoods. It’s just the truth, or at 
least part of the truth. Of course, this isn’t 
the case for all African-Americans, but it is 
not just a mythical stereotype.
The picture was also questioned for is 
portrayal of the African-American male. 
Felice Leon from The Daily Beast 
described the character “with bulging 
eyes and an exaggerated white mouth.” 
Apparently having big eyes and an 
oversized mouth equals African-American, 
which is ludicrous. It may just be the style 
of the cartoonist to depict the human form 
in this way. I’ve never really heard that big 
eyes denote African-Americans. Big lips 
are commonly referenced, but in this case 
the subject does not have lips at all.
The question of racism does not lie 
in the picture alone, as the picture is not 

racist. The context that the picture was 
displayed in is really what is racist.
Plattsburgh’s student newspaper Cardinal 
Points said in a statement, “It has come to 
our attention that the graphic in question 
not only has a disconnect to the article 
it was created to work with, but it also 
unintentionally features offensive and 
stereotypical elements that misrepresent 
African-American students,” according to 
The Huffington Post.
The accompanying article was about 
diversity and admission rates for minority 
students at Plattsburgh. The picture and the 
story had no correlation. 
It also did not help that the artist of the 
picture, Jonny Zajac, wrote racial slurs in an 
Instagram post that featured the cover of the 
paper with his picture on it soon after it was 
published.
Zajac’s post was captioned, “My favorite 
person in Plattsburgh #niggers.” 
So yes, in the context at which the picture 
was published, it is racist, but the picture 
itself is a reality for some African-American 
students. Had the photo been attached to a 
story about graduation rates for students in 
urban schools, the photo wouldn’t be as big 
of an issue.
Like the social construct of race, the 
notion of racism surrounding this cartoon 
is constructed due to the other elements 
attached to it.

Was the Plattsburgh cartoon racist?

NO: It’s taken out of contextYES: It’s offensive 

Source: Joe Mineau 
SUNY Plattsburgh’s student newspaper, Cardinal Points, 
used the above cartoon on the front of their cover, attaching 
it to a story about admission rates for minorities on the 
campus.

The first day of my Magazine 
and Feature Writing class, 
Professor Holly McKenna handed 
out an icebreaker in the form of 
a few personal questions typed 
onto a small piece of paper. I 
have since forgotten all but one 
question that read, “What is your 
favorite ‘F’ word?”
In my heart, the answer held 
both struggle and beauty. It 
graced stages, screens, sat firmly 
on buses and marched over 
bridges. At work, at school and 
at play everything it did was for 
a purpose. A purpose that would 
never come easy, but one that 
could never rest until it did in 
fact come. My answer was Maya 

Angelou, it was Lena Horne, 
Angela Davis and many more. 
My answer was beyond a doubt 
“feminist,” but what I wrote 
instead was “food.” 
When another girl in class 
proudly declared the answer my 
heart so strongly believed, I felt 
a surge of guilt, followed by 
concern. I was concerned because 
this was not the first time I had 
avoided the title.
“Ashlee is the biggest feminist 
I know.” 
When I first read those words, 
I winced. I am the biggest 
feminist of all my friends, but 
there was something about the 
tweet that I almost took offense 

at. 
The next tweet read, “Any 
well-spoken woman to me is a 
feminist.” 
Although I disagree with that 
as being the definition of the 
word feminist, I realized that I 
was being complimented rather 
than chastised.
These two incidents made 
me question why it is that the 
majority of women fear the 
F-word. 
By definition, a feminist is a 
person (not limited to the female 
sex) who supports political, 
economic, and social equality 
of the sexes. My beliefs align 
perfectly with the feminist point 
of view, so why did I dodge the 
title rather than wear it as a badge 
of honor? 
In my younger days I feared 
feminism because I didn’t 
understand it. I regarded it in 
the way that I learned to regard 

“communist” upon immigrating 
to America. I feared it because 
of stereotypes, because “all 
feminists are lesbians.” Because 
“feminists don’t shave.” Because 
“feminists are bitchy, they’re 
butch, they’re bossy.” But as a 
young, black, immigrant woman 
I have come to learn that another 
stereotype cannot hurt me in 
a country, in a world that will 
always type, profile and judge 
me. 
I didn’t truly come to grips 
with this until I watched Emma 
Watson’s United Nations speech 
for the “HeForShe” campaign. 
Her speech touched upon every 
reason why I knew both the world 
and I needed feminism. 
She spoke about how the word 
has become synonymous with 
man-hating and about her own 
personal experiences with gender 
inequality. Her speech propelled 
me to join Building Ladies Up 

on campus and to speak freely on 
social media, in classrooms and 
even at the dinner table about my 
views (schooling others when 
necessary). 
I think it’s amazing that 
Beyoncé made feminism popular 
and I do love me some Queen B, 
but it can’t just be a fad. It can’t 
be fleeting. I need older women 
to pass down their wisdom to 
young women, and for young 
women to set the example for 
little girls. I need us to no longer 
fear the f-word, but rather 
embrace it like we have been with 
natural hair and curves. I need 
this to happen so that my future 
daughter will aspire to “run like a 
girl” and my future son will have 
no problem asking for help or 
expressing his feelings.
The world needs feminism 
because it destroys gender 
normative roles and, quite 
frankly, that benefits everyone.

“

I myself have never been able to find out 
precisely what feminism is: I only know 
that people call me a feminist whenever I 
express sentiments that differentiate me from a 
doormat,” Rebecca West said.

FEMINISM
Why women fear the f-word

Source: pixabay.com
SUNY Plattsburgh campus.

By ASHLEE MADURO

DEBATE


F O L L O W  U S  O N  T W I T T E R :  @ A L B S T U D E N T P R E S S

OPINIONS5

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2015
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: KEVIN MERCADO
OPINIONS.ASP@GMAIL.COM

At Only $190 Per Credit, We Can Help You 
Make The Most Of Your Holiday Break.

Earn Three Credits 
In Just Three Weeks!

Albany students, headed home for the winter break? 
If so, enroll in Wintersession at  
Suffolk County Community College. 

At Suffolk, you can get a head start on next semester 
or even make up a course. Classes start on 
December 28th and run through January 15th.

Make the most of your break with Wintersession 
at Suffolk. For more details, call 
631-451-4111 or visit sunysuffolk.edu/Enroll.

sunysuffolk.edu/Enroll

SCCC_Albany_Winter2015_Layout 1  10/19/15  4:55 PM  Page 1

By CLARISSA SCHMIDT
T

he giant coffee chain known for 
its “basic” pumpkin spice lattes 
and its double-chocolatey-chip 
Frappuccino has provoked a 
huge controversy with its new holiday 
cups.
In past years, the cups have been 
decorated with traditional holiday 
designs, such as ornaments, snowflakes 
and pine trees. However, this October 
Starbucks released its new design - clear 
of any holiday images or messages. Just 
a simple, two-toned red cup.
There was a sudden outcry claiming 
that Starbucks was positioning itself as 
“anti-Christmas.”
The backlash came from a number of 
people, including Christians, who were 
against the plain design of the holiday 
cups. They believed that the design took 
away “Christ and Christmas.”
The controversy began with Joshua 
Feuerstein, a former broadcasting 
evangelist in Arizona, who shared his 
outrage with Starbucks in a Facebook 
video. The video showed Feuerstein 
“tricking” a barista into putting “Merry 
Christmas” on his cup.
“Starbucks removed Christmas from 
their cups because they hate Jesus… 
so I pranked them… and they hate it,” 
Feuerstein said on his Facebook page.
Since its upload last Thursday, the 
video has reached 15 million views. 
After watching, many people agreed 
with Feuerstein, using the hashtag, 
“#MerryChristmasStarbucks” in 
efforts to get back at the company 
for “intentionally” erasing Christmas 
designs.
According to Starbucks, the minimalist 

design is “another way Starbucks is 
inviting customers to create their own 
stories with a red cup that mimics a blank 
canvas.”
“This year we wanted to usher in the 
holidays with a purity of design that 
welcomes all of our stories,” said Jeffrey 
Fields, Starbucks vice president of design 
& content.
The festive images in the past 
have never directly correlated with 
Christianity or Christmas to begin with. 
Birds, scarves and trees are generally 
liked by everyone. By creating this 
simple design, it eliminates religious 
discrimination altogether and makes 
everyone feel comfortable holding a 
slightly overpriced recycled coffee cup.
“We do not expect, nor is it the job of, 
a company or cup to share the Christian 
faith,” the president of BASIC College 
Ministries at the University at Albany, 
Kaitlyn Puukila, said. “As Christian 
people, it is our job to share our Christian 
faith with the world. We do not hold an 
offended position against Starbucks, their 
Christmas cup, or rules they may or may 
not have about saying Merry Christmas 
to customers…We do not believe that 
it is at all important in comparison to 
the works we are doing for the Glory of 
God.”
Starbucks also happens to sell its own 
“Christmas blend” of coffee. Where is 
the anti-Christmas in that?
“It’s really respectable that such a 
large corporation acknowledges and 
understands the idea of being inclusive,” 
UAlbany alum Emily Beyer said. “These 
[people] are basically equating a lack of 
representation as a war, get over yourself. 
There are many other important things to 
be focusing on than a damn cup.”

If there are any realizations coming 
out of this “war,” it’s that something as 
little as a red cup has people more angry 
and concerned than larger national issues, 
such as homelessness and violence. 
So, here’s a tip on fixing this “issue.” 

If someone doesn’t like the cup, then 
they shouldn’t go to Starbucks. I think 
there are plenty of better things to do in 
a day instead of bothering baristas. After 
all, #ItsJustACup.

THE ‘WAR ON CHRISTMAS’

HOLIDAY

Starbucks’ holiday cup controversy is the epitome of ridiculous

By MEGHAN MAHAR
T

he University of Missouri made 
national headlines recently 
when a group called “Concerned 
Student 1950” exercised their First 
Amendment right by forming a public 
protest on campus. 
The protest was held to raise awareness 
for racial issues on campus. 
The campus has held protests several 
times over the last few months. They 
had every right to do so because, like all 
Americans, the U.S. Constitution grants 
them that right. 
As reported by The New York Times, 
President Timothy M. Wolfe and 
Chancellor R. Bowen Loftin resigned after 
the racial controversies came to light. 
In a video posted to The New York 
Times website, Tim Tai, a photography 
student at Missouri and a freelance 
photographer for ESPN, attempted to 
document one of the protests. Tai ran 
into some trouble once he got close to the 
protesters. The video shows the protesters 
immediately putting their hands in the air 
to block him from taking photographs and 
demanding him to leave. 
Melissa Click, an assistant professor 
at the school could be heard in the video 
yelling, “You need to back off.” When 
Mark Schierbecker, the person shooting the 
video, approached Click, she grabbed the 
camera and then yelled to the crowd, “Who 
wants to help me get this reporter out of 
here? I need some muscle over here.”
The point of a protest is to be heard and 
the best way to be heard is through the 
media. Freedom of the press is another 
right covered under the First Amendment. 
Refusing Tai and the other reporters access 
to document the activity is an infringement 

of that right. Protestors can’t protest in 
the public eye and then claim the right to 
privacy. Once an event is made public, the 
media can document it as they see fit.
Tai told The New York Times, “We’re 
documenting historic events with our 
photographs… when people are crying and 
hugging, when Wolfe resigns, it becomes 
a personal issue that people all over the 
country can connect with… it’s my job to 
help connect those people to what’s going 
on.”
Throughout the video, Tai can be heard 
arguing that he had the right to be there. 
The protesters were acting hypocritical. 
They wanted the media to respect their 
rights but would not do the same in return. 
This occurrence was a clear violation of the 
First Amendment.
Schierbecker, filed a complaint against 
Clik, who has since resigned her courtesy 
appointment with the journalism school. 
She does remain an assistant professor 
at the university, however. She released 
an apology statement to the journalism 
students and all those affected.
Another faculty member, Janna Basler, 
the school’s director of Greek life, has been 
placed on administrative leave while her 
actions in the incident are investigated. 
Too often journalists are viewed as the 
enemy, so much so that people overlook 
just how helpful journalists and the media 
can be. When a journalist reports on a story, 
that information can end up on television, in 
a newspaper or all over the internet where 
people will see it and most likely pass it 
along to people they know. 
The word spreads. When journalists are 
restricted and blocked from doing their job, 
they can’t report and therefore others aren’t 
informed of what’s going on, which makes 
the idea of a protest pointless.

IN THE NEWS
The Mizzou protesters 
refuse to be ‘heard’

Madeline St. Amour / Albany Student Press
The new Starbucks cup features a minimalist design. No snowflakes or words are 
present.

Interested in drawing? 
Have an opinion?  
Draw a cartoon, and tell us 
what’s on your mind!


M I S S  T H E  S H O W ?  R E A D  A B O U T  I T  O N L I N E  A T  A L B A N Y S T U D E N T P R E S S . N E T

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT6

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2015
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SENIOR EDITOR: JULIA DAY 
ARTSENT.ASP@GMAIL.COM

THE CAPITAL REGION IN 50 OBJECTS

LOCAL ART

Ronisha Williams / Albany Student Press
(Left) A jet-assisted take off rocket, JATO, signifying the New York Air National Guard 109th airlift wing. 
(Right) The first Tulip Ball during Tulip Festival was in 1949 where the Tulip Queen was awarded this crown.

By JULIA DAY

“Caterjunes.” “Qaimaqam.” “Acouchi.” “Phylactery.” 
Many college students, let alone graduates, would 
find it difficult to spell these words without digging up 
a dictionary. That’s not the case, however, for students 
in the University at Albany Musical Theatre Association 
(UAMTA) who have been spelling their hearts out all 
semester in preparation for the fall musical production. 
This year the group has decided to produce the Tony 
Award-winning show “The 25th Annual Putnam County 
Spelling Bee.”
UAMTA is the only musical theatre performance 
group on campus. From acting, costumes, set designs and 
more, the group welcomes members of all interests in 
performing arts. The productions are all acted, produced, 
and directed by UAlbany students.
“Because this is student-run, everyone has their own 
ideas and can bring them all to the table,” said Tracy 
King, co-director of the production and treasurer of 
UAMTA.
“Spelling Bee” originally debuted on Broadway in 
2005, with music and lyrics written by composer William 
Finn. Following wild success and positive reviews from 
critics, the musical comedy has been produced in cities 
across North America including San Francisco, St. Louis, 
and Mexico City, as well as expanding to Canada. The 
production has also been enjoyed overseas in the United 
Kingdom and Australia. Now, the infectious “Spelling 
Bee” has made its way onto the UAlbany campus.
So what is the play about, other than refining long 
forgotten spelling skills? 
“It’s about a group of unique kids, they all have their 
own little quirks which makes them weird but lovable 
characters,” said Jesus Vasquez, co-director of the 
production and president of UAMTA. “They’re all just 
at the spelling bee and trying to spell words to make their 
parents proud and themselves proud.”
Co-directors King and Vasquez have both been active 
members of UAMTA during their time at UAlbany.
“I’ve been involved with the show since freshman 
year, so I finally wanted to direct,” said King. “Between 
me and Jesus, it’s a good mix of strengths.”
Vasquez shared similar sentiments about his role as 

co-director. 
“This is my fourth year being part of UAMTA,” he 
said. “Now, I’m running rehearsals with the co-director 
and just trying to come up with a vision for the show, and 
trying to put that vision onto the stage.”
The cast and crew have been running rehearsals since 
the end of September, and as opening night approaches, 
the pieces are all starting to fall into place. Compared to 
last year’s “Legally Blonde” production which had a full 
cast of 24 members, “Spelling Bee” is relatively smaller, 
with a cast of only nine students. The musical has two 
co-directors, an assistant director, a stage manager, a 
choreographer, a vocal coach, and other crew members 
helping with the set.
Sophomore Aubrey Salamone plays the role of Olive 
Ovstrovsky, a newcomer to the spelling bee.
“She’s really just trying to find a companion during the 
bee and form friendships while she’s on stage because 
the only friend she’s ever really had is her dictionary,” 
Salamone said while describing her character.
Salamone played the lead role of Elle Woods in last 
year’s production of “Legally Blonde” and expressed 
nothing but excitement at the opportunity of participating 
again this year.

“When they came out with the idea of ‘Spelling Bee’ 
I had to do it,” she said. “I don’t get to sing a lot on 
campus because I’m so busy taking other classes, so the 
fact that I get to come here after class and sing for a few 
hours is really relieving.”
Graduate student Timbray Shafer plays the role of 
Vice Principal Douglas Panch, one of the spelling bee 
judges.
“I love this musical, I’ve loved it since I saw it in 
middle school,” said Shafer. “Being able to finally be in 
it after adoring it for so long and being able to do it with 
some of my best friends is great.”
The production is guaranteed to bring forth compelling 
performances, strong direction, and entertaining music, 
with a twist of added educational benefit. 
“It’s absolutely hysterical and you’ll learn how to spell 
some really funny words!” King said.
The production will premiere Friday, Nov. 20 at 7 
p.m. in the Studio Theatre at the Performing Arts Center, 
and continue on Saturday, Nov. 21 at 2 p.m. and 7 p.m., 
and Sunday, Nov. 22 at 2 p.m. Tickets are available in 
advance for $3 at the Student Association window, and 
$5 at the door.

THEATRE PRODUCTION
Learning how to spell with Musical Theatre Association

Julia Day / Albany Student Press
The cast of “Spelling Bee” practices a song at rehearsal.

By RONISHA WILLIAMS

“Every object tells a story, if you know how to read it.” 
This is the first thing one sees upon entering the third 
floor of the Albany Institute of History and Art to visit 
one of its current exhibitions, “The Capital Region in 50 
Objects.” The Henry Ford quote is on a map highlighting 
the four counties of Albany, Schenectady, Rensselaer, 
and Saratoga.
“The Capital Region in 50 Objects” was planned in 
partnership with the Times Union more than three years 
ago. Surveys were sent to nearly 60 museums, cultural 
organizations and Times Union readers, asking questions 
such as: How did the capital region get its identity? What 
events, people, and things represent its character?
That time was also spent on outreach and collaborative 
efforts with different historical societies and business 
entities handpicking what would go in the exhibition. 
“The exhibition represents the voice of our region – 
how all of us who live and work here see our own history 
and identity. And it’s a fantastic way to share that history 
with others,” said Doug McCombs, Albany Institute’s 
Chief Curator.
The idea for this exhibition was modeled after a feature 
in The New York Times called “A History of New York 
in 50 Objects.” According to the Albany Institute’s 

Executive Director Tammis Groft, “we wanted to use 
this very approachable format and organize an exhibition 
where people could come and see selected objects in 
person.”
Knowing the objects will be historically representative 
of Albany, one would expect to see a plethora of time-
honored documents and traditional, war-themed artifacts, 
but there is a diverse range of objects and accompanied 
images that tell the fascinating story of the Capital 
Region. There are some significant war relics, like Col. 
Elmer Ellsworth’s gray double-breasted frock coat from 
the Civil War which has a wide bullet hole in the chest 
from when he was shot through the heart while removing 
a flying Confederate flag, becoming the first Union 
officer killed in the war. However, there is also a huge 
butterfly sculpture  made of stainless steel by artists Matt 
Hart and Chip Fasciana that represents the Albany Pine 
Bush Preserve and its efforts to conserve the ecosystem.
In addition, there is a crown and cape from the first 
winner of Tulip Queen from Albany’s annual Tulip 
Festival, “The Adirondacks” painting by James M. 
Hart from the Hudson River School, a General Electric 
monitor-top refrigerator made in Schenectady, N.Y. 
dated 1930, William Kennedy’s typewriter, and a statue 
of Nipper, the dog, who has become a landmark as he 
sits perched on a roof at 991 Broadway in Downtown 

Albany. With every object there is also an image and 
short description of how it depicts the four counties 
allowing the audience to determine and eventually agree 
on why it is important part of this region’s history.
Some people who view the entire exhibit may be more 
critical and suggest that important events or objects failed 
to be mentioned and should have, however the population 
had plenty of time to fill out surveys and voice their 
opinion on their experiences and what they value in the 
Capital Region. 
As a student that has been living in Albany for 
almost five years, I learned more than anticipated after 
visiting this exhibit. I’m not from here, but I’ve been to 
Rensselaer and Schenectady a couple of times. Other than 
that I have no idea what all the different regions have to 
offer or what their history is. The “50 objects” allowed 
me to be more appreciative of Albany and view it not just 
as a college town but what many consider home. 
The exhibit opened Sept. 19 and will run through April 
3, 2016. Prices for admission are half off until Saturday, 
Nov. 21, 2015 while the institute is under construction 
preparing for new exhibitions. Student admission is 
only $4 with valid student identification. On Thursdays, 
admission is free for everyone during their extended 
hours, 5 p.m. - 8 p.m.


ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT7

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2015
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: ELI ENIS
ARTSENT.ASP@GMAIL.COM

PAC

By TENDRINA ALEXANDRE 

If you didn’t see “Good Kids,” you 
missed out. The play, performed by the 
University at Albany Theatre Program from 
Nov. 5 through 14, was an experience every 
student on campus should be a part of. 
Written by Naomi Iizuka, the play 
revolves around sexual assault on a college 
campus. The audience quickly learns that 
Chloe, a young college female, was raped. 
We know she was drunk, and that she can’t 
remember what happened. We also know 
that everyone’s talking about it. 
Narrated by a young woman who was 
also a victim of sexual assault (an accident 
that’s left her in a wheelchair), we go 
through different versions of the story with 
different witnesses, until we discover the 
truth. The story is told, reversed, edited 
and untold until the reality comes out. In 
the end, we learn that Chloe was gang 
raped, but we also learn a little more about 
ourselves and about our world. 
“Good Kids” is a genius reality of 
modern mindsets. Each character in the 
show is an honest version of the people 
in our world. From the friend who wasn’t 
paying attention, the jock witness who 
was too scared to say something, to the 
judgmental, overly-defensive parents 
whose children would “never” be involved in 
such a situation, we come face to face with the 
reality of the harsh society we live in and with 
ourselves. 
Watching this play forces the audience to understand that 
these things happen. People really do believe things like, 
“She was asking for it,” or, “My kid is a good kid, he or she 
would never be friends with a girl like that.” 
What is a “good kid,” the play asks. As a viewer, you 
can’t help but put yourself in the shoes of each character. 
You’re a “good kid” too, right? But would you have 
followed your friend to the bathroom? Would you have 
stopped an intoxicated woman from leaving the party with 
a man? Do you believe that the way a woman is treated 
depends on the way she dresses? Which character are you 
most like and what does that say about you? By the end of 
the show, you come to terms with a shocking revelation: 
Anyone can be involved in a sexual assault case.
Then there’s technology and social media. That’s how 
word of Chloe’s rape got out. Pictures and videos of her 
were tweeted, retweeted, and posted. Once the athletes 
realized they could get into trouble for what they “hadn’t” 
done, they thought deleting everything would make it okay. 

Another lesson and hit of reality: technology has taken 
over our generation. The audience wasn’t sure what to be 
more disgusted with: the rapists tweeting the pictures, or 
the students retweeting those posts before reporting it to 
any officials. 
The show was followed by “talk back,” a discussion. 
Viewers and the actors were encouraged to talk about their 
reactions to the play in a conversation led by the director 
of the play, Kim Stauffer, and Carol Stenger, director of 
UAlbany’s Advocacy Center for Sexual Violence. The 
audience all came to the conclusion that morality was one 
of the main themes of the show. What we think and believe 
is right or wrong is all based on the ideals of society. We 
talked about the importance of consent and the #JustAsk 
campaign. It was clear everyone was moved by the time in 
the theater. 
Overall the show was phenomenal and moving. The 
actors and actresses were fantastic, and all understood the 
importance of the topic of their show. Sexual assault is 
controversial, but it’s something that needs to be discussed, 
and “Good Kids” was a phenomenal way to raise the 
awareness. 

‘Good Kids’ hits the UAlbany Performing Arts Center 

Milo Votava / Albany Student Press
(Above) The full cast of “Good Kids” performs on stage. (Below) Students Ominayzha Alexander and Tyiesha DeJesus mid-scene.

Source: BagoGames

FILM

TELEVISION

By LEOBIANNY HILARIO 

“Spectre” is a classic James Bond movie, 
no doubt about it. 
Directed by Sam Mendes, the movie’s 
action-packed scenes are both amusing and 
thrilling. The new adaptation of the classic 
James Bond film was released on Nov. 6 in 
theatres. 
James Bond is played by Daniel Craig, 
which was a great casting choice. The 
movie revolves around the discovery of 
a sinister organization that Bond tries to 
uncover while simultaneously M, played by 
Ralph Fiennes, battles political forces that 
are trying to shut down the secret service 
agency.
For such an ambitious film, the overall 
experience was unoriginal in the best 
way possible. It was typical Bond with a 
modern-day twist, the movie started off 
with a dazzle and ended with a fizzle. 
Its opening scenes left the audience in 
awe as we saw Bond in action both fighting 
and flying in a helicopter over civilians 
in Mexico, which had audiences thinking 
“Wow!” But then, the film melts back into 
what we have seen before. 
He saves a woman named Madeleine 
Swann (played by Léa Seydoux) whom he 
falls in love with. Her character will charm 
you with her sass and independence, but 
even she is no match for the suave Mr. 007. 

Swann turns into the weak female lead even 
though she fights alongside Bond, who 
himself follows the formula of bad boy-
turned-good.
The cinematography was amazing 
and the movie was skillfully directed 
by Mendes. However, the film followed 
standard Bond protocol: fight the bad guys, 
charm ladies and protect the secret agency. 
A formula to which most would say, “Well, 
that’s why we love James Bond,” but after 
watching the same danger-loving hero 
being forced to choose a path between his 
mission or love so many times before, is it 
actually worth the visit?
“Spectre” is a film for those die-hard 
original Bond fans, because in the end it’s 
everything you would expect from a Bond 
movie. To those who admire a Bond film 
with an original take on his story, well, 
unfortunately you will just have to keep on 
waiting. 
Many critics would agree that the 2012 
movie “Skyfall” is better and that “Spectre” 
doesn’t make the cut.
“Skyfall” trumps its successor because it 
humanizes Agent 007 by showing his past 
and his feelings towards his life and career. 
“Spectre” only delivers feelings when it’s 
towards his love interest. The CGI is also 
highly acclaimed in “Skyfall,” but this is 
where I would argue that both movies are 
equally great. 

By RUSSELL J. OLIVER 

It’s rare nowadays to find a sitcom that’s 
both funny and true. Many comedies trade 
realistic circumstances for cheap humor and 
forget to touch on relatable storylines. This 
is not the case for Aziz Ansari’s newest 
binge-worth Netflix comedy.
“Master of None” stars Ansari as Dev 
Shah, a fictionalized version of himself. 
Dev is a 30-something actor living in New 
York City who deals with the problems 
of everyday life. The show focuses on 
many modern aspects such as dating in a 
technological world, the pressure of having 
kids, and racial stereotypes on television.
Ansari and “Parks and Rec” producer/
writer Alan Yang co-created the show. 
Most of the episodes are directed and or 
written by Ansari and Yang. The first 
season consists of 10 episodes which were 
all simultaneously released on Nov. 6.
Ansari shines in the starring role of Dev, 
using his trademark humor on American 
pop culture and everyday life to bring 
realism to these comic situations. Dev is an 
up-and-coming actor who’s more concerned 
about who has the best taco in the city than 
what his next acting gig will be.
Noël Wells co-stars as Rachel, Dev’s 
love interest. This is Wells’ first prominent 
role since being a featured player on 
the 39th season of “Saturday Night 
Live”. Rounding out the main cast is 
Eric Wareheim, who also directs several 
episodes, and Lena Waithe, who both 
respectively play Dev’s friends, Arnold and 
Denise. Ansari’s real-life parents, Shoukath 
and Fatima, play Dev’s parents in the series 
as well.
“Ansari is a smart and engaging presence 
and his perspective on things lends itself 
very well to this type of single-camera 
comedy,” said Matt Fowler of IGN. “And 
his supporting cast, particularly Wells, is on 
point.”
Dev’s relationship with Rachel 
showcases numerous aspects of modern 
dating that many people encounter 

nowadays. The pair drunkenly hook 
up when they first meet in the opening 
moments of the series. Things go south 
when the pair has a condom mishap, which 
leads them to get Plan B, an emergency 
contraceptive, just to be safe. “Oh, no, 
no. I’ve got it. My treat,” Dev said at the 
pharmacy when he offers to buy the pill.
Dev has encounters with other women 
in the series as well. Claire Danes guest 
stars as Nina, a married food critic that Dev 
sleeps with. Dev only agrees to sleep with 
Nina after her husband (played by Noah 
Emmerich) cuts him in line at an ice cream 
shop and gets the last banana split sundae.
The show takes Dev and company 
through a number of hilarious situations. 
These include citizens arresting a 
masturbator on the subway, springing 
Rachel’s grandmother from a nursing home, 
and going on a bad date with a thieving 
Cartman-impersonator.
“How crazy would it be if I just started 
sucking that guy’s dick over there?” Dev’s 
date, Alex, awkwardly asks him while at a 
club.
The show also tackles racial stereotypes 
on television. One episode involves Dev 
getting denied from being cast in a TV 
show because the producer doesn’t want 
to cast more than one Indian in the show. 
During the episode, Dev (and Ansari) 
refuse to use a stereotypical Indian accent 
in an audition because of the number of 
whitewashed characters that have used it in 
the past. 
“Master of None” joins Netflix’s already 
large family of original programming. It 
is Netflix’s second half-hour comedy hit 
after “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.” 
Other winners such as “Orange is the New 
Black,” “House of Cards,” and “BoJack 
Horseman” have new seasons coming out 
in 2016.
The show has only been out for a 
few weeks and already there’s buzz as 
to whether it’s going to be renewed for 
a second season. “Master of None” is 
streaming on Netflix now.

Agent 007 back in action:
‘Spectre’ versus ‘Skyfall’

Aziz Ansari’s new show 
becomes ‘Master’ of Netflix


P R I N T E D  B Y  T H E  T I M E S  U N I O N ,  A L B A N Y ,  N E W  Y O R K  —  A  H E A R S T  C O R P O R A T I O N  N E W S P A P E R

Source: www.tjsl.edu

FROM THE COVER8

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2015
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: MADELINE ST.AMOUR 
PRODUCTION.ASP@GMAIL.COM

FINISH 

YOUR

DEGREE

EARN 3 CREDITS IN 3 WEEKS
WINTER 
SESSION
AT SCHENECTADY COUNTY
COMMUNITY COLLEGE
DECEMBER 28-JANUARY 15

Most classes online.
Easy registration.
$147/credit, NYS resident.

SUNYSCCC.EDU

By LINDSEY RIBACK

Drones and targeted killings have 
increasingly been at the forefront of United 
States’ national and foreign policies. 
Marjorie Cohn, a professor at the Thomas 
Jefferson School of Law in San Diego and 
a former president of the National Lawyers 
Guild, tackled this issue head-on during her 
lecture to students and faculty on Friday at 
the University at Albany.
Cohn provided attendees a small glimpse 
into her most recent publication, “Drones 
and Targeted Killing: Legal, Moral and 
Geopolitical Issues,” an interdisciplinary 
examination of the United States’ policy on 
targeted killings and the use of drones. The 
lecture was co-sponsored by the Department 
of Political Science, Albany’s United 
University Professions chapter (Peace and 
Justice Committee) and Women Against 
War.
Cohn revealed the similarities and 
differences in drone use in targeted killings 
between former President George W. Bush 
and current President Barack Obama to a 
room of about 20 people.
“By the time he [Obama] accepted 
the [Nobel Peace] Prize one year into his 
presidency, he ordered more drone strikes 
than President Bush did during his two 
terms as president,” she said.
While the Bush administration was 
known to detain and torture suspected 
terrorists, the Obama administration has 
chosen to illegally assassinate them.
Both Bush and Obama have used their 
title as Commander-in-Chief to obviate 
the due process clause of the constitution, 
according to Cohn who said that, “like his 
predecessor, Obama defines virtually the 
entire world as a battlefield.”
The use of drones allows the Air Force 
to assert its power and ensure that no U.S. 
lives are lost - drones can be controlled 
from 7,500 miles away. But the science 
behind the killings is not exact, leading 
to the question of whether these are just 
killings or not. 
According to the Council on Foreign 
Relations, of the estimated 4,500 people 
killed in drone attacks, the vast majority 
were neither Al-Qaeda nor Taliban leaders. 

Most are 
civilians 
who just 
happen to 
be in the 
wrong place 
at the wrong 
time. 
Referring 
to Obama’s 
approval 
of targeted 
killings, 
Archbishop 
Desmond 
Tutu wrote 
to The New York Times in February 2013, 
“Do the United States and its people really 
want to tell those of us who live in the rest 
of the world that our lives are not of the 
same value as yours?” The archbishop later 
went on to write the foreward for Cohn’s 
book. 
The use of drones not only has irreparable 
physical damage on the towns it attacks and 
the lives it takes, it also leaves survivors 
with psychological devastation as well, 
according to “Living Under Drones,” a 
study Cohn cited by New York University’s 
Law School and Stanford’s Law School.  
The buzzing of the drones, which can last 
for up to 22 hours, keeps children up at 
night and out of school, and there has been a 
higher rate of pharmaceuticals used to treat 
depression and anxiety now compared to 
before the drones attacks began. 
Attendee Ronald Friedman, a UAlbany 
associate professor of psychology and 
Chair of the UUP-Albany Peace and Justice 
Committee, questioned why the Obama 
administration continues to carry out these 
acts despite knowing how inaccurate the 
drone killings are and the effects they have 
on innocent civilians. 
Simply put, Americans do not want to 
see their soldiers returning in body bags, 
according to Cohn. As long as there are no 
“boots on the ground,” Americans are not 
opposed to military force elsewhere. 
 “Until we stop invading countries with 
Muslim populations, occupying their lands, 
torturing their people, killing them with 
drones,” concluded Cohn, “we will never be 
safe from terrorists.”

CIVIL RIGHTS

Drones: A better or 
worse form of war?

By LORENZO CRANDELL

Fifty-two years after Dr. Martin Luther 
King Jr. gave his prolific “I Have a Dream” 
speech at the National Mall in Washington, 
D.C., another historic event was held at the 
same place.
Though times have changed drastically 
since King’s speech, African-Americans are 
still enduring various setbacks.
Police relations are at an all-time low 
with an estimated 1.1 African-Americans 
killed every day according to The 
Washington Post. Mass incarceration has 
become the new Jim Crow, with 5 percent 
of the world prison population existing 
within this nation’s borders. One million 
prisoners in the United States are African-
American, according to the National 
Association for the Advancement of 
Colored People.
More than 45 million people in the 
United States are living in poverty. African-
Americans have a poverty rate of 27 
percent.
Insert the 20th anniversary of the Million 
Man March. Minister Louis Farrakhan,  
the profound leader of the Nation of 
Islam, called the march  “Justice or Else.” 
Farrakhan was fundamental in the creation 
of the first Million Man March which was 
held at the National Mall in 1995.
Back then the call was made to all 
African-American men across the nation. 
An estimated 850,000 African-Americans 
stood side-by-side in solidarity.
“The first march was special,” said 
Mohammad Fard, a member of the Nation 
of Islam. “It was like having your first child. 
The excitement about it was unbelievable.”
Farrakhan urged march participants to 
refrain from spending money on Oct. 16, 
1995 in order to illustrate how important 
African-American dollars are to the U.S. 
economy. 
March participants also vowed to support 
their families, ignore the temptations 
of drugs and alcohol, and refrain from 
engaging in violence against their children 

and other men.
Although the march was fundamental in 
order to bring about change within African-
American households and communities 
throughout the nation, the momentum of the 
event was not sustained.
“Unfortunately, the follow-up from 
Minister Farrakhan that many people were 
hoping for didn’t come,” University at 
Albany Police Chief Frank Wiley said. “He 
wanted local folks to continue the effort 
and many local folks looked to him as the 
charismatic leader. Over time the intense 
interest diminished.”
Notable keynote speakers included Rosa 
Parks, Jesse Jackson, Stevie Wonder, and 
Maya Angelou.
Despite the tremendous turnout and 
success of the first Million Man March, 
coverage of the 20th anniversary was 
few and far between. Many supporters 
and followers of the march took to social 
media to express their discontent and anger 
that the Black Entertainment Television 

Network (B.E.T.), among others, didn’t 
cover the event. Some Twitter users said the 
media didn’t cover it because it didn’t fit 
the message the media wants to send about 
black people. Others were upset that they 
only heard of the march after the fact, so 
they couldn’t particpate.
The lack of coverage exemplifies 
the amount of subjectivity and 
misrepresentation of minorities throughout 
the media. B.E.T. showed extensive 
coverage of the hip hop awards and aired 
re-runs of the popular ‘90s show “Martin,” 
but didn’t acknowledge the march.
Similar to the March in ’95, the 
20th anniversary included noteworthy 
participants throughout the hip hop and 
entertainment realm, like J.Cole, Common, 
Snoop Dogg, Sean “Diddy” Combs, and 
Russell Simmons.
The 20th anniversary of the Million Man 
March included both men and women of 
all ages and races. Farrakhan made sure the 
presence of the women within the crowd did 

not go unnoticed and reiterated that people 
must love and appreciate themselves more.
Farrakhan extended his sentiments 
specifically to women. “You should never 
call another woman a bitch. Get that word 
out of your language,” he said.
The interests of Native Americans, 
Latinos, and Palestinians were also 
represented at the march. 
Farrakhan had a powerful message for 
the younger generation.
 “You are the best generation we have 
ever produced,” he said. “You are different 
from your parents. You are stronger. You 
are less fearful.” 
The young came out in droves and many 
participants at the march had advice on how 
the youth can keep the momentum of the 
event going, unlike the ’95 march.
“You have to start by communicating 
with one another and getting together to 
talk. Once you do that, everything else 
will fall into place,” Makeba Townsend, a 
resident of Watervliet, N.Y., said. “It’s all 
about unity.”
Despite the National Park Service’s 
estimate of 850,000 participants during the 
first Million Man March, it is unknown the 
exact amount of people that attended the 
20th anniversary. In fact, the National Park 
Service has refused to give any estimates 
since the first march in ’95.
Although the exact turnout may not be 
known, the message of the march did not go 
unnoticed.
“The main thing I took from the march is 
that we need to unite. No matter what color 
you are, what religious background you 
come from, we all need to get together so 
we can stop what’s going on in America at 
this time,” Albany native Haseim Townsend 
said.
Moving forward, Farrakhan is urging 
march participants and followers to boycott 
Black Friday. Every year millions of dollars 
are spent on Black Friday, but records 
indicate that none of that revenue trickles 
down into the minority communities across 
the nation.

THE MILLION MAN MARCH

Source:  Yoke Mc & Joacim Osterstam via Flickr.com
The Million Man March in 1995 (pictured) drew about 850,000 people to Washington, D.C.

WRITERS INSTITUTE

Hannah Brigida Infantado / Albany Student Press
UAlbany Veteran Services held a 24-hour flag walk and run from Nov. 10 to Nov. 11 in 
celebration of Veteran’s Day, finishing with the annual flag raising at Collins Circle.

THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE


SPORTS9

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2015
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: AARON CHERIS
SPORTS.ASP@GMAIL.COM

D I D  Y O U  M I S S  T H E  G A M E ?  C A T C H  U P  A T  @ S P O R T S _ A S P

law.cuny.edu/prospective

NEW

FULL-TIME & PART-TIME, EVENING
PROGRAMS AVAILABLE

You have the passion... we have the tools. 
Gain the skills to fight social injustice.

Opening the season on the road 
at Rupp Arena, the University at 
Albany men’s basketball team 
gave the No. 2/1 University of 
Kentucky Wildcats a run, but 
ultimately fell 78-65 Friday 
night with a crowd of 22,080 in 
attendance.
“You have to give a lot of credit 
to Kentucky. They’re obviously 
very talented and well coached 
with terrific guards,” said head 
coach Will Brown. “We knew 
coming in here that this was going 
to be a tremendous challenge for 
us, but it was a challenge that we 
were excited about.”
While UAlbany never trailed 
by more than 21 points and got as 
close as 12 in the final minutes, 
the Great Danes struggled to sink 
shots. Shooting 43.1 percent from 
the field (25-58), UAlbany went 
1-for-14 (7.1 percent) behind the 
arc and 14-22 (63.6 percent) from 
the free throw line.
“I wasn’t expecting us to shoot 
1-for-14 from the 3-point line and 
miss as many free throws as we 
did in the first half,” said Brown. 
“The one thing you can’t do when 
preparing for Kentucky, or at least 
we can’t, is simulate their length 
and their athleticism. You can’t 
do it.”
Redshirt senior Peter Hooley 
led the Great Danes with 18 
points going 7-for-16 from the 
field, followed by senior Evan 
Singletary’s 17-point effort (6-for-
15) and sophomore Greig Stire’s 
nine points and team-high four 
rebounds. With a career-high four 
steals, junior Mike Rowley led 
the UAlbany squad that turned 
Kentucky over 20 times in the 
contest.
“Albany, if they make any 
shots, like any, they beat us,” 
said Kentucky head coach John 
Calipari. “They didn’t make any 

shots. Now, and that’s a team 
that’s a good shooting team. 
They’re well coached. They had 
less turnovers than us and we 
pressed the whole game. And they 
played zone and backed away and 
played pack line.”
Kentucky shot 56 percent (28-
for-50) from the field and won 
the battle of the boards 34-28 in 
the win. After losing six players 
to the NBA from last season’s 
Final Four team, freshman Jamal 
Murray scored a game-high 19 
points in his collegiate debut, as 
four Wildcats reached double 
figures in scoring. Junior Derek 
Willis followed with 14 points, 
scored all in the first half, while 
junior Marcus Lee and sophomore 
Tyler Ulis each finished with 12.
In the first half, the Wildcats 
scored the season’s first points, 
taking a 4-0 lead before Stire got 
the Danes on the board with a 
jumper. UAlbany kept the margin 
within six points through the first 
nine minutes of the game and 
within single digits until Willis hit 
a jumper and followed it up with 
a three to give Kentucky a 25-14 
advantage at the eight-minute 
media timeout.
Willis gave the ‘Cats its largest 
lead of the half, 14 points, on 
another three to make it 30-16 
with 5:59 to go in the opening 
stanza.
However, the gritty Great 
Danes held Kentucky at bay, 
cutting the margin to nine, 30-
21. Hooley recorded a steal in 
transition and Richard Peters 
finished the play with a lefty layup 
before Hooley was fouled on a 
runner which fell through the net, 
and the Adelaide, Australia native 
completed the three-point play at 
the line at the 4:56 mark.
To the close the first half, 
Kentucky went up by 13 on 

Mychal Mulder’s jumper, but 
junior Jamir Andrews, making 
his debut for the Danes, hit two 
free throws with 11 seconds left 
to send UAlbany into the break 
trailing 38-27.
To start the second half, 
Stire slammed down a dunk 
and Singletary knocked down a 
jumper from the top of the key to 
cut it to seven, 38-31.
However, that would be as 
close as the Great Danes would 
get the rest of the way. Kentucky 
went on a 9-0 run to take a 45-31 
lead on Murray’s dunk with 15:34 
to go.
Picking up the offensive pace, 
the Wildcats took their largest 

lead of the game when Murray hit 
a free throw as part of an and-one 
play, giving the hosts a 64-43 
advantage with 8:33 remaining.
UAlbany did not roll over, 
however, picking up the pressure 
in the backcourt. Hooley and 
Singletary tripped up Murray in 
transition, leading to Hooley’s 
layup that cut the deficit to 15, 
68-53, with just under six minutes 
to play.
Off the bench, freshman Joe 
Cremo layed one off the glass and 
Singletary split the UK defenders 
with a highlight reel behind-the-
back layup, making the score 71-
59 with four minutes to go.
Murray’s emphatic dunk on 

the break erupted the Rupp Arena 
crowd, but Hooley answered right 
back with a pair of free throws to 
keep the game within 12, 73-61, 
with 2:26 left.
But, the Wildcats held off the 
tenacious Danes, putting the game 
away with Ulis’ three-pointer at 
the one-minute mark. UAlbany 
ended the contest wit a 4-0 run, 
as Hooley hit a pair of foul shots 
and Cremo scored his sixth point 
of the game with a layup to close 
the clash.
Up next, UAlbany (0-1) travels 
to take on Boston University on 
Monday at 7 p.m.

-From Wire Reports

MEN’S BASKETBALL
UAlbany falls to Kentucky in first away game of season

Hunter Mitchell/Kentucky Kernel
UAlbany forward Travis Charles makes a layup at the Rupp Arena in Kentucky.

WOMEN’S BASKETBALL
Defense shines in 
come from behind win

Dalia Yan / Albany Student Press
UAlbany guard Imani Tate led the Danes to a 64-49 win 
against Pepperdine on Sunday.

By SHANE MARSHALL

University at Albany 
women’s basketball held 
Pepperdine to four points 
in the fourth quarter to 
start the 2015-2016 season 
off with a 64-49 win on 
Sunday.
Junior guard Imani Tate 
led the Great Danes (1-0) 
with 24 points and nine 
rebounds, while senior 
forward Shereesha Richards 
added 21 points with seven 
rebounds. 
“I think our first game 
we had, clearly, some 
jitters in the first half,” 
UAlbany head coach Katie 
Abrahamson-Henderson 
said. “In the second half we 
had a lot more poise. We 
had a lot more patience. 
“Obviously, we need 
to find other people than 
just (Tate and Richards) to 
score more points.” 
Tate provided the spark 
for the Great Danes in 
the first half as her 13 
points helped to offset 
Erica Ogwumike’s 13 and 
Olivia Ogwumike’s 11 for 
Pepperdine. 
After Erica Ogwumike 
erased a 17-6 deficit with a 
3-pointer to put the Waves 
up 27-26 with 34 seconds 
before halftime, Tate 
responded with a jumper 
to get the Danes into the 
half with a 28-27 lead.
Richards was held to 
just eight points in the first 
half. Despite shooting 13 
percent (2-for-15) from the 
field in the first quarter, 
the Waves (0-2) flipped 
the script by shooting 
73 percent (8-11) in the 
second quarter to get back 
in the game. Led by the 
Ogwumikes, Pepperdine 
went on a 17-4 run sparked 
by a 3-pointer by Erica 

Ogwumike with 6:25 until 
the break to cut into the 
margin. 
“When you got a couple 
freshmen and sophomores 
starting, (we) came out 
deer-in-the-headlights a 
little bit,” Pepperdine Head 
Coach Ryan Weisenberg 
said. “Albany plays so 
intense and so focused. 
I know we were ready 
mentally, but physically it 
caught us off-guard a little 
bit.
“We were able to get 
to the ball inside in the 
second quarter a lot more. It 
opened up the outside shots. 
We dribbled the leather off 
the basketball in the first 
quarter.”
Pepperdine opened the 
second half on a 10-2 run to 
get out to a 37-30 lead with 
7:18 to play, the Waves 
largest lead of the game. 
From there, it was 
all UAlbany. Tate hit a 
jumper to spark a 9-0 run, 
capped by Erin Coughlin’s 
3-pointer to put the Great 
Danes ahead 41-40 
with 3:10 left in the third. 

Coughlin, one of the Great 
Danes’ biggest 3-point 
threats, started the game 
0-for-8 from behind the arc 
before giving the Danes a 
momentum boost. 
“(Coughlin) is going 
to make a lot more than 
she’s going to miss,” 
Abrahamson-Henderson 
said. “I think it was just 
the first game jitters. She’s 
our coach on the floor, our 
greatest motivator.” 
Over the final 11 
minutes, Richards scored 
13 of Albany’s final 19 
points, while the defense 
held the Waves without a 
point for 6:43 to race out 
to a 63-49 lead with 1:00 
to play.
“(Tate and Richards) 
don’t let up,” Weisenberg 
said. 
“They are two dynamic 
players that are difficult to 
defend. We didn’t come out 
here for cupcakes, we came 
out here to be tested.”
UAlbany travels to 
Boston University for a 
7 p.m. game with Boston 
University.


D I D  Y O U  M I S S  T H E  G A M E ?  C A T C H  U P  A T  @ S P O R T S _ A S P

SPORTS10

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2015
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: AARON CHERIS 
SPORTS.ASP@GMAIL.COM
@SPORTS_ASP

WILDCATS SPOIL SENIOR SENDOFF

FOOTBALL

MEN’S SOCCER
Bearcats oust Danes from America East tournament 

Brittany Gregory / Albany Student Press
Quarterback Neven Sussman runs past UNH players to score a touchdown. Despite the Dane’s efforts, they fell 24-14. 

Brittany Gregory/ Albany Student Press
UAlbany linebacker Colin Cooper holds an American flag to honor both veterans and graduating seniors.

By CELIA BALF

The Great Danes men’s soccer team was knocked out 
of the America East tournament on Wednesday, Nov. 11 
following a 1-0 loss to the Binghamton Bearcats at Bob 
Ford Field.
 Despite the loss, this year’s group will go down in 
history as the first team to ever win an America East 
Regular season title for the men’s soccer program.
“Our team played very well, we dominated the game 
and got several opportunities. Unfortunately sometimes 
in soccer the better team doesn’t always win,” senior 
midfielder Anthony Rozzano said. 
Slippery conditions on the field made the pace of the 
game exceptionally fast Wednesday night. 
The Danes capitalized in the first five minutes off of a 
service from Moosah Khanat to sophomore striker of the 
year, Afonso Pinheiro. The shot was in the mix after a 
bobble from Binghamton’s keeper, however sophomore 
Jake Barros for UAlbany wasn’t able to complete the 
shot.  
The first half was scrappy and filled with lots of set 

pieces and corner kicks for UAlbany, however that 
usual flare in the final third that has traveled with them 
all season wasn’t the case in their first game of the 
tournament. 
The Danes (10-8-1) and Bearcats (10-7-1) went into 
halftime scoreless. The second half would determine who 
would move onto the America East Finals. 
The second half brought about a lot of excitement. 
Freshman Carlos Clark almost scored off of a free kick 
from Khanat in minute 19, however the ball was cleared 
by a Bearcat defender. 
The game was limited with possession, but counters 
and free kicks for both teams seemed to be the deciding 
factor on who would win. The Bearcats were able to 
capitalize off of a free kick from 35 yards out putting 
them up 1-0 with just over 10 minutes to play.
The Danes fought those final 10 minutes combining 
for three corners that would have tied the game up. 
Unfortunately for Coach Trevor Gorman’s team, they 
couldn’t find the back of the net.
Binghamton stole this game, but the legacy the five 
seniors and this team left on the UAlbany men’s soccer 

program will live on. 
Jordan DiLapo, Philip Persson, Martin Gorrie, Ivan 
Martinez and Anthony Rozzano will hang up their cleats 
as the senior class that won the UAlbany men’s soccer 
program their first league title. 
“I was really proud of the boys in their effort and 
everything we’ve been doing all year,” senior captain 
Martin Gorrie said. “We had a lot of chances to win the 
game but some nights they go in and some nights they 
don’t. I guess we can learn from it, but I’m personally 
very proud of our team’s effort despite the result.”
Rozzano felt similarly - that this run has been a 
commendable one and to be proud of. 
“I feel that since the beginning of the season we were 
still trying to define ourselves as a team. Every game 
we got better and better and then we eventually started 
winning consistently and competing with everyone,” 
Rozzano said. 
“We have set a pretty high standard for future years, 
and I am proud of my efforts and my team’s efforts,” 
Gorrie said.

By BRYAN SAUR

 Saturday night was full of 
emotion as the University at 
Albany seniors took the field 
at home for one final time. The 
night was soon spoiled by the 
University of New Hampshire 
Wildcats (6-4, 4-3 CAA) when 
they handed the Great Danes 
(3-7, 2-5 CAA) a 24-14 loss at 
Tom & Mary Casey Stadium.  
The Wildcats started off 
quickly going 67 yards in a 
little over 4 minutes ending 
with a Dalton Crossan 
touchdown to open up the 
scoring and gave the Wildcats 
the early 7-0 lead.
The following kickoff, the 
Great Danes started off with 
great field position following 
a 75-yard kick return by Dione 
Alston, which set the Danes up 
on the Wildcats’ 25 yard line.  
However, the return would 
go to waste when the drive 
ended with kicker Patrick 
Toole missing a 26-yard field 
goal wide left.
Missed opportunities turned 
out to be the theme of the 
game for the Great Danes. 
The Danes caused 3 turnovers 
including interceptions from 
Jamal Meritt and Mason Gray 
and a forced fumble also 
caused by Merritt. The Danes 
could not capitalize on any 
of these turnovers and got 
no points off them including 
another missed field goal.
“Missed field goals 
were really a problem, said 
UAlbany coach Greg Gattuso.  
“It’s a different game if it’s 
10-6 or 10-9 at half.”  
Gattuso did not put all the 
blame on his kicker.  
“We had some snap issues, 
it wasn’t really Patrick,” said 
Gattuso. “We had some bad 
snaps and holds and couldn’t 
get it through the uprights.”
Despite these missed opportunities, the 
Great Danes kept the game close with the 
Wildcats. Running back Elliot Croskey 
provided a spark to the offense when he 
filled in for Elijah Ibitokun-Hanks, who 
had to leave the game because of injury. 
Croskey ran for 58 yards on 10 carries and 
scored the Great Danes’ first touchdown 
of the game with 4 minutes to go in the 
3rd quarter. Croskey rushed to the right 
and followed offensive linemen Nick 
Nerolien who set a nice block on the edge 
and allowed Croskey to run in the endzone 
for the 8-yard touchdown to cut the 
Wildcats lead to 3 points.  
“I felt great,” said Elliot Croskey.       
“Coach always says be ready if my 
number gets called and that’s exactly what 
I did. I went in and I ran hard. I know 
my team needed something for us to get 
going.”  
Gattuso was impressed with Croskey’s 
play.
“He came in and ran really well,” he 
said. “He went in in a critical situation and 
got us first downs.”
Quarterback Neven Sussman talked 
about how helpful it is to have two 
running backs.  
“It’s a comforting feeling knowing that 
you have 2 backs that can get the job done 
and it opens up the offense a lot,” said 

Sussman. 
Following the 
Croskey touchdown, 
the Wildcats 
responded quickly 
with a 6 play 58 
yard drive ending 
with another Dalton 
Crossan touchdown. 
The Danes could not 
answer and went 3 
and out the following 
possession.  
The Wildcats took 
a 24-7 lead early in 
the 4th quarter when 
quarterback Sean 
Goldrich hit Jordan 
Powell for a 2-yard 
touchdown.
The Great Danes 
continued to fight 
despite the 3 position 
deficit. Croskey and 
Sussman led the Danes 
on a 58-yard drive 
that ended with Sussman making a 1 yard 
quarterback draw to make it a 24-14 game.
Sussman finished the night with 136 
passing yards with an interception and ran 
for 82 yards with a touchdown.
The Great Danes offense remained 
stagnant for the rest of the game resulting 
in a punt, a turnover on downs, and an 

interception on the final drive of the game.  
The Danes could not match the 
Wildcats offense who out-gained them in 
yards 467 to 360.
Prior to the game the graduating seniors 
were honored in a pregame ceremony.  
A video of each senior thanking their 
family and coaches was played on the 
scoreboard. 

Accompanied by their loved ones, they 
walked to midfield, and were greeted with 
hugs from coach Gattuso and UAlbany 
athletic director Mark Benson.   
The Great Danes will now prepare to 
take on the Stony Brook Seawolves (4-5, 
2-5 CAA) on Long Island next weekend 
for their final game of the 2015 season.


