T U E S D A Y ,  A P R I L  1 9 ,  2 0 1 6     I S S U E  2 2     A L B A N Y S T U D E N T P R E S S . N E T

P R I N T E D  B Y  T H E  T I M E S  U N I O N ,  A L B A N Y ,  N E W  Y O R K  —  A  H E A R S T  C O R P O R A T I O N  N E W S P A P E R

A L B A N Y  S T U D E N T  P R E S S

C E L E B R A T I N G  1 0 0  Y E A R S 
 1 9 1 6 — 2 0 1 6

One 
student’s 
reflections 
on a trip to 
Cuba
PAGE 2

Faculty’s attempt at 
censorship
PAGE 5

By STEFAN LEMBO-STOLBA

Following a contentious 
debate during Wednesday’s 
Student Association meeting, 
the University at Albany’s SA 
postponed a decision on a last-
minute resolution that, if passed, 
would increase the Student 
Activity Fee for the upcoming 
academic years. 
The resolution outlined a plan to 
increase the student activity fee by 
$17 per semester by fall of 2018. 
Sponsored by Sen. Jarrett Altilio 
and Sen. Austin Ostro, the Student 
Activity Fee Adjustment Act of 
2016, or S.1516-162R, would raise 
the student fee by $6 in 2016-17 to 
$106 a semester. 
In 2017-18 the fee would be 
increased to $112 a semester, and 
the following year it would climb 
to $117 a semester. The fee was 
hiked to its current $100 in the fall 
of 2013.
The increases will theoretically 
fill vital gaps in the SA budget and 
are in the best interests of students, 
said the senators.  
“Raising the fee by $6 will 
increase the student experience, 
and student quality of life,” Ostro 
said. 
The initial $6 increase would 
amount to an estimated $150,000 
in extra revenue collected by the 
SA each academic year. According 
to the resolution, this revenue 
would be split, allotting $15,000 
to Dippikill for long-term projects, 
$33,750 to SA programming, and 
$101,250 to be put in the Senate 
Appropriations line to be given 
back to student groups. 
The resolution received harsh 
criticism which, according to 
Comptroller Robert Warshauer, 
was conceived on Saturday. Its 
introduction opened the floor 
for SA members to question 
their colleagues’ transparency in 
planning for the proposed changes. 
SA Vice President Kevin 
Murphy accused the sponsors of 
holding “closed door meetings” 
that brought about the resolution. 
“This is not closed door,” 
Warshauer responded. “This is a 
public meeting.” 
The apprehensions over the 
bill sponsors’ transparency 
reverberated among several 
senators, including Sen. Beny 
Poy who said, “The people in this 
room were elected on the basis of 
transparency.” 
Sen. Subha Tasnim, who agreed 
with Poy, said, “The students have 
a right to know about this before a 
decision is made.”  
In what was expected to be a 
civil proceeding, tension grew as 
Murphy asked whether student 
input was collected in the proposal 
to increase the fees. Before 
Warshauer was able to respond, 
Murphy called out “The answer is 
no.” 
Under SUNY guidelines, the 
maximum Student Activity Fee 
is set by the Chancellor, and 
is currently capped at $250 an 
academic year, or $125 a semester. 
Amid the overwhelming 
concern over the resolution, SA 
agreed to table the issue, planning 
to return to it during its meeting on 
April 27. 

SA 
debates 
yearly fee 
increase

By NICK MUSCAVAGE
 
A silent battle is unfolding over Fuller Road 
and its outcome affects a population well into 
the hundreds that has long been silent, too.
More than 1,200 people are buried in the 
cemeteries along either side of the road, and 
the land surrounding them has become a 
commodity over the past few years for SUNY 
Polytechnic Institute, University at Albany and 
some developers. 
Recently, an entity named Mercer Properties 
LLC has purchased 15 parcels of land, 
according to Albany County tax maps — 
totaling $4 million as reported by the Albany 
Times Union and Albany Business Review — 
all located on or around Fuller Road effectively 
surrounding the cemeteries.
The outcome could decide who will be the 
future neighbors of the cemeteries and would 
potentially affect funerals that are conducted at 
the still functioning burial sites. 
“It is really encroaching on us,” said Stewart 
Sacklo, president of Independent Benevolent 
Society, which is the cemetery across the road 
from SUNY Poly and on the same side as 
UAlbany. It currently has 874 graves.
“I hate to say it, but the State University is 
not such a good neighbor to have,” he added.
Sacklo has held his position for 10 years, and 
has been a vocal member of the development 
discussions the whole time, although not always 
effectively.
When Mercer Properties acquired the parcels 
of land in 2015 surrounding the cemetery, 
Sacklo went to a SUNY Poly meeting and 
asked if the institution knew the purpose 
of the sudden purchases but did not rec                                                   

eive a direct answer. So he went to UAlbany 
and spoke with President Robert J. Jones who 
told him to refer to SUNY Poly — in Utica. 
Sacklo said he has been to nearly two dozen 
meetings pertaining to zoning, development and 
construction, all with similar results. “We’re 
really getting taken on this whole thing,” he 
said. “There’s nobody listening.”
For other parties involved, it is still too early 
to come to conclusions.
“So far for me, there’s no controversy or 
anything else,” said Mark Israel, head of the 
cemetery committee for Beth Abraham-Jacob 
Congregation, the cemetery located on the same 
side of Fuller Road as SUNY Poly. 
He went on, “Is there a possibility? Yeah, 
who knows? But there’s nothing active that we 
have going on with anybody right now.”
Israel is hoping that the interests of the 
cemeteries are taken into account, although the 
intent of Mercer Properties is still unclear.
Mercer Properties is an extension of the 
Albany-based business Columbia Development 
Corporation, which developed Patroon Creek 
Corporate Center and Albany County Family 
Court, among other properties.
SUNY Poly did not respond with comments. 
Mercer Properties representatives did not 
return phone calls, and nobody at Columbia 
Development’s office was willing to speak.
Since SUNY Poly split from UAlbany in 
2013, the campus has admittedly wanted to 
build its own dormitories, according to news 
releases on its website. 
A post on its site from Jan. 23, 2016 sourced 
from the San Francisco Chronicle says, “SUNY 
Polytechnic Institute in Albany is again looking 
for proposals from construction firms and 

developers to build its first dorm at its Fuller 
Road campus.”
SUNY Poly, a college specializing in 
nanotechnology, even has its own non-for-profit 
entity created to manage its real estate dealings 
dubbed Fuller Road Management Corporation. 
According to its 2013 tax filing, its most recent 
form, the company had $241.7 million in net 
assets. 
It also compensated Columbia Development 
$325,000 for project management, but the 
project specifics are unlisted.
That same year, Fuller Road Management 
listed Alain Kaloyeros, president and CEO of 
SUNY Poly, as its director. Recently, however, 
he has stepped down from the position, 
according to media reports such as the Feb. 24, 
2016 article in Albany Business Review.
“Whatever vendor is selected to take on that 
project, I think he needs to have an arm’s length 
away — he’s the president of the university,” 
Israel said in reference to Kaloyeros.
As for the development, Israel thinks all 
the parties need to get orientated first before 
anything is settled.
“Fuller Road Management Corp., and 
Columbia, and Mercer — they’ve got to figure 
that all out,” he said. 
He went on, “Someone is going to develop 
that property at some point, so what I’m 
keeping an eye out for is the scope of that 
development and if there is an opportunity to 
partner, or is just a matter of protecting our 
interests?”
The situation between SUNY Poly and the 
cemeteries breathes new life into the phrase 
‘over my dead body.’

BATTLE FOR THE CEMETERY 

Nick Muscavage/ Albany Student Press
Beth Abraham-Jacob cemetery on Fuller Road with SUNY Polytechnic Institute behind.

By STEFAN LEMBO-STOLBA
 
Donald Trump packed the 
Times Union Center last Monday, 
momentarily filling the Albany 
arena with tension, resulting in a 
fight and the removal of several 
protesters. 
According to a representative 
from the Transportation Security 
Adminstration, TSA , an 
estimated 17,000 people attended 
the Republican front-runner’s 
first large event in his home state. 
Before the event began, 
Trump’s standard pre-speech 
message told the crowd not to 
harm or touch protesters if they 
began demonstrating nearby. 
Instead, attendees were instructed 
to raise their “Trump” signs over 

their head and chant “Trump” 
until security came to remove the 
protester. 
During Trump’s speech, an 
unidentified protester was led out 
of the Times Union Center after 
being struck in the face several 
times by a Trump supporter.
Mike Caraher, a Trump 
supporter, claimed to have 
confronted a heckler who was 
booing, striking him several times 
before the protester was removed, 
according to a report by the 
Times Union. 
A video of the incident shows 
Caraher lunging at the protester 
making contact with the man’s 
face twice. 
“I have my personal rights 
and my personal space,” Caraher 

told the media after the rally. 
“They’re going to start yelling 
about some bulls--t, I’ll snatch 
your ass up.”
Trump spoke for over an 
hour, occasionally interrupted by 
protesters, which he had removed 
from the arena. 
He responded to one ousting 
by saying, “Don’t hurt him. Don’t 
hurt him. Don’t hurt that person.” 
“Isn’t it a shame?” he said. 
“But it does make it exciting, 
right?” 
A Trump supporter and 
traveling T-shirt vendor who 
asked to be referred to as Whitey 
said, “I come for the charged 
environment.” Whitey, who 
owns a racetrack in Virginia, has 
traveled to more than 25 rallies 

and three Trump speeches to sell 
campaign merchandise. 
“It’s charged, like a good 
race,” he said, referring to the 
event. “I got a pocket full of 
money and everyone wants to 
fight. I love it.” 
By 1 p.m. Trump supporters 
lined the side of the Times 
Union Center and within three 
hours were wrapped around the 
block. People in line chanted, 
“Build a Wall,” “USA,” and 
“Trump, Trump, Trump it up,” 
while occasionally stopping to 
yell at passing Bernie Sanders 
supporters. 
Fearlessly brandishing Bernie 
Sanders pins, Jashaod Chaney 

Trump rally gathers support, protest

Please see CEMETERIES page 2

Please see RALLY page 3

OFF CAMPUSON CAMPUS

POLITICS

EDITORIAL 


H A V E  A  N E W S  T I P ?  E M A I L  U S  A T  T H E A S P . E I C @ G M A I L . C O M

NEWS2

TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: KASSIE PARISI
THEASP.EIC@GMAIL.COM

CRIME BLOTTER

DRIVING WHILE INTOXICATED
4/02/2016
Western Avenue 
A male was found to be driving under 
the influence and in the possession 
of marijuana paraphernalia. His 
vehicle was towed and an arrest was 
made 

MEDICAL INCIDENT
4/02/2016
Indian Quad- Adirondack Hall
A report was made of an intoxicated 
male student, he was transported to 
the hospital by 5 Quad. 

PERSONS ANNOYING
4/04/2016
Podium- Earth Science
A male student was found with 
skateboards in the tunnels 

CRIMINAL POSSESSION 
MARIJUANA
4/05/2016
Empire Commons- C Cluster
A male student was found to be 
in possession of marijuana and 
alcohol. Both an arrest and a referral 
were made. 

MAKING GRAFFITI
4/05/2016
Colonial Quad Grounds
A report was made of graffiti in the 
stairwell

MEDICAL INCIDENT
4/05/2016
Indian Quad- Mohawk Tower
Report of a female student passing 
out. She was transferred to the 
hospital by 5 Quad. 

OPERATION OF MOTOR VEHICLE 
W/ .08 BAC
4/06/2016
University Drive East
A male subject was driving under the 
influence. His vehicle was towed and 
an arrest was made. 

FIRE ALARM
4/06/2016
PE Building
Fire alarm went off due to an 
overheating electrical box. 

BURGLARY 
4/07/2016
State Quad- Cooper Hall
A report was made of stolen 
medications. 

MEDICAL INCIDENT
4/07/2016
Colonial Quad- Delancey Hall
A report was made of a female 
student that had passed out and 
regained consciousness. She 
refused to be transported to the 
hospital. 

CRIMINAL TAMPERING
4/09/2016
Colonial Quad- Hamilton Hall
Report of 3 male subjects breaking 
into a vending machine. 

CRIMINAL MISDEMEANOR 
4/09/2016
Colonial Quad- Delancey Hall
A report was made of a male 
student who was intoxicated and 
disrespectful to a UPD officer. A 
referral was made. 

LOST PROPERTY
4/09/2016
Colonial Quad Office
A report was made of stole laundry. 

MEDICAL INCIDENT
4/12/2016
Colonial Quad- Zenger Hall
A report was made of a female 
student vomiting. She was 
transported to the hospital by 5 
Quad.  

ASSIST A PERSON 
4/12/2016
Colonial Quad- Herkimer Hall
A report was made of motorcycle 
damage by an unknown subject. 

UNLAWFUL POSSESSION OF 
MARIJUANA
4/14/2016
Washington Avenue
A male subject was found to be 
operating a motor vehicle with 
an expired inspection. He was 
also found to be in possession of 
marijuana. An arrest was made.

MEDICAL INCIDENT
4/14/16
State Quad- Melville Hall 
Report of an intoxicated female student. 
She was transported to the hospital by 
5 Quad. 

MEDICAL INCIDENT
04/14/16
State Quad- Fulton Hall 
Report of an male student vomiting. He 
was transported to the hospital by 5 
Quad.

¢

Unleash Your Power:

Attend Danes, Dollars & $ense Financial Literacy Workshops
and be entered into a lottery to win:

Contest Rules:  To enter, attend a Spring 2016 Danes, Dollars and $ense Financial Literacy workshop.  Attendance throughout the entire duration of the session is required, 
along with completion and submission of the pre-test and post-test.  Students may attend each workshop topic.  Limit one entry per workshop attended.  “Bring a Friend” 
entries are unlimited.  “Bring a Friend” entries require attendee to list names of friends on their post-test which will be cross-referenced against that friend’s post-test.  The 
names must correspond.  The Office of Student Financial Services is not responsible for illegible listings.   The winner will be selected through a lottery drawing after the workshop 
series has concluded.  Winners must agree to have their name announced and grant the use of a photograph for future promotions.  Employees (including students) of the 
Office of Student Financial Services (FAO, SAO & Bursar, and SFC) are not eligible.  Previous winners may attend workshops but are not eligible for scholarship drawing.

Special thanks to:  Rene Pelletier of Stony Brook University, SUNY
and University Auxiliary Services

One Semester Tuition Free (In-State UG Rate)
UAS Gift Card
And More!

Bring-A-Buddy   Here’s how it works:

Attend Danes, Dollars and $ense Workshops

M 4/43:00 - 4:00 pmLC-07

Tu 4/191:15 - 2:15 pmLC-25

Tu 4/51:15 - 2:15 pmLC-25

M 4/113:00 - 4:00 pmLC-07

Tu 4/121:15 - 2:15 pmLC-25

M 4/183:00 - 4:00 pmLC-07

Workshop TopicDateTimeLocation

Budgeting, Spending & Saving

Financial Aid & Lending

Credit & Identity Theft

LEARN MORE ABOUT:

• Understanding
 Financial
 Literacy

• Budgeting Basics

• Student Loans

• Credit and
 Debt Basics

• Personal Banking

• Identity Theft

FACULTY:
Schedule a
presentation for
your class or
student group
TODAY!

Sponsored by

Student Financial Services

Division of
Enrollment Management

(518) 442-3200
ptraub@albany.edu

Damien a?ends a
Danes, Dollars and $ense
Workshop and earns one
lo?ery ticket for free tuition.

1

16

Damien a?ends and brings 15 friends, and
earns 16 lo?ery tickets for free tuition!

OR

ABROAD

What I 
didn’t 
see in 
Havana  

By PATRICK DAY TINE
 
Not to get all Banksy 
on you but public, outdoor 
advertising is theft. Ads 
on the sides of old phone 
booths, inside and outside 
buses, endlessly looming 
over highways, on the tops 
of taxis, in airports – each 
one steals your attention and 
your ability to experience 

Please see CUBA page 3

CEMETERY
Continued from Page 1

“They’re not moving 
them — we’re not going 
away,” Israel said of the 
cemeteries. “There’s too 
many graves, they’ve been 
there for too long. Those 
cemeteries will be there 
forever, and ever and ever.”
He also brought up the 
possible construction of 
sound barriers as a means of 
separating the college and 
the cemeteries.
The cemeteries were on 
Fuller Road well before 
UAlbany and long before 
nanotechnology in Albany 
was even a thought. Some 
graves date back to the early 
19th century. 
Back in the 1960’s Fuller 
Road was made out of dirt 
and the nearest neighbor 
of the cemeteries at that 
time was a golf course, on 
the back end of the State 
University. Jill Hughes, an 
employee at Albany Hall of 
Records, said that the land 
that is currently SUNY Poly 
was a pig farm at one point.
If, however, the 
purchasing of the land by 
Mercer Properties does lead 
to construction of dorms or 
other projects, it may mean 
bad news for the cemeteries. 
Sacklo remembers the 
impact of past construction 
projects, such as the creation 
of the sidewalk on Fuller 
Road, the roundabout and 
the building of SUNY Poly. 
All of the projects, he 
recalls, caused “minor 
earthquakes” and disrupted 
the soil in the area around 
the cemetery, disturbing the 
gravesites and some of their 
markers.
“We put in several 
thousands of dollars 
straightening these stones,” 
he said. “We’re paying a 
fortune to right these stones 
— there’s no more money 
left.”
The sidewalks and the 
roundabout have blocked off 
the entrance to Independent 
Benevolent Society’s 
cemetery chapel, so the 
group has been forced to 
build a new route to the 
backdoor of the building 
to make it the new front 
door and equip it with 
proper materials to make it 
handicap accessible.
“We’re doing nothing but 
spending money to make 
the State University happy,” 
Sacklo said. 
So far, there isn’t 
any discussion of the 
development of Mercer 
Properties’ new land.
“There’s no activity, 
there’s no contact, there’s 
nothing. It’s very much 
quiet,” Israel said. 
His goal is to avoid 
conflict, still hoping that 
whatever is decided, the 
larger entities take the time 
to consider the interests of 
the cemeteries, but added, 
“certainly we’re the small 
fish here.”


and Antonia Price waited in line to see 
Trump speak. 
“I have to hear everyone’s side. It’s not 
a fair vote if you don’t hear everyone out,” 
Price said. 
The couple, who had seen Bernie 
Sanders earlier in the day, arrived at the 
Times Union Center five hours before 
the Trump event was scheduled to start. 
“I’m not a protester, I’m a listener,” 
she said. 
Although the two received 
considerable grief for their Sanders 
paraphernalia, Chaney explained that he 
was not there to insight conflict. 
“Yea, it’s uncomfortable when people 
say rude things to you and your girl,” he 
said. “But if anything bad happens, I’m 

out of here.”
As Trump supporters began to cram 
into the arena, dozens of protesters 
assembled in a fenced-off corral on 
South Pearl Street. Among a group of 
young activists wielding flags and signs, 
a girl chanted, “Fuck Trump,” to which 
a Trump supporter in line responded, 
“Black Panther big mouth bitch.”
 “I’m too radical man,” the woman 
followed up. “I can’t go near them. I’ll 
kill them.” 
As the event came to a close, the 
packed arena emptied onto South Pearl 
Street, cascading around the corral of 
anti-Trump protesters. Mounted police 
stood guard as supporters and protesters 
continued to clashed after the event. No 
other physical altercations were reported. 

NEWS3

TUESDAY, April 19, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: LINDSEY RIBACK
THEASPNEWS@GMAIL.COM

DANES SAY WHAT?

Name: Leanna VanWassenhove
Year: Sophomore 
Major: Criminal justice
I can’t go because of a Jewish 
holiday, but it worked out fine 
having it on State last year. q

This week, we asked students: 

Where should Parkfest be held this year and why?

Compiled by Milo Votava

Name: Emma Henry
Year: Freshman
Major: Psychology 
It’s in SEFCU, right, the 
SEFCU stadium? That makes 
the most sense. q

Name: 
Victoria Mansa   
Year: Sophomore
Major: Business Administration 
I don’t really think it matters, as 
long as it’s outside. q

Name: Reid Schnitzer
Year: Freshman
Major: Business 
Well, I live on State, so it would 
be really easy for me if was held 
there. 
q

the world 
in an 
unadulterated 
state.                     
Places like 
Times Square and Piccadilly Circus are 
brazen smash-and-grab jobs where your skull 
is smashed and your brain is grabbed. 
It’s not solely an American phenomenon. 
This visual onslaught is an accepted feature 
of life all over the developed world and is on 
the march in the developing world, as well. 
One place is where it is almost nonexistent is 
90 miles south of Florida, in Cuba. Sixty-
seven years of communist rule and 65 years 
of American blockade have created a capital 
city and a country that is largely devoid of 
public advertising. 
Yesterday, I saw a teenage girl walking 
down the street with a pineapple. On the third 
floor of a building at the end of the street 
stood an old, tough-looking Cuban woman 
in a window. She was easily old enough to 
remember Batista, the student uprising of 
1957, the successful revolution of 1959, the 
missile crisis, the death of Che, the lean times 
known as the “Special Period” after the fall 
of the Soviet Union. She probably wasn’t 
old enough to have been alive when Calvin 
Coolidge visited the island 88 years ago, but 
she was going to be around for President 
Obama’s historic visit in a few days. 
The girl was getting closer. The old 
woman was her abuela. Grandmother seemed 
to be in a bad mood. They exchanged words. 
The girl tried to go into the building and 
the abuela said no. She threw a rope from 
her window and the girl tied it around the 
pineapple and her grandmother then hoisted 
it three stories into the apartment. 
The whole exchange lasted no more than 
three minutes. But in those three minutes 
one was able to contemplate over half a 
century of history, a fraught grandmother-
granddaughter relationship and the customs 
and etiquette governing pineapple acquisition 
in a poor Havana neighborhood. This is not 
to say people aren’t selling things in Havana. 
To the contrary, at times it feels like everyone 
in the city is selling something. On that same 
street in Centro Habana, people were selling 
all types of things. A man pushed a cart 
full of bananas. He sang about his bananas. 
Around the corner, in the doorway of a 
clothes shop was a man who looked like a 
Cuban Ceelo Green. I marveled at his ability 
to pull huge, six-inch-tall stacks of Cuban 
pesos out of the tight pockets of his jeans. It 
was like watching an illusionist. He offered 
a better exchange rate for U.S. dollars than 
any bank or hotel. On the street benign but 
persistent hustlers called jinteros will try to 
sell you anything. They will always try to 
sell you cigars (counterfeit), occasionally a 
prostitute, or, on rarer occasions, a tarjeta 
de internet which allows access to the 
state-run Wi-Fi service. Havana is awash in 
commerce. Private business has expanded 
and the jinteros and black marketeers 
operate with some measure of impunity. But 
commerce and inducements to buy come 
from the ground up, as if the city itself is 
trying to sell you something. Goods are 
purveyed in ways that do not alienate you 
from your environment. 
The absence of advertising in Havana does 
not mean there are not images that repeat 
themselves. The most obvious example is 
the steely countenance of Ernesto “Che” 
Guevara. The image of Che, Guerrillero 
Heroico, taken by Alberto Korda in 1960 is 
everywhere. It’s on murals on school walls, 
its several stories high and floodlit on the 
sides of buildings, it’s for sale on T-shirts in 
every souvenir stall on the main shopping 
street in the Old Town. Che is the distilled 
essence of the ideal Cuban brand. The image, 
if not the man himself, is irresistible and 
charismatic. But this is a communist capital 
and the regime has no qualms about stealing 
your attention, too. Every few miles on the 
main highway that connects the major cities 
on Cuba’s north coast, there is propaganda 
billboard. It usually has a revolutionary 
quotation and a picture of Fidel, Raoul, Che 
or Camilo Cienfuegos, or sometimes all four 
together. This is not North Korea by any 
means, where there is a propaganda slogan 
and a violent image every few feet. 
But maybe Cubans want ads. Maybe they 
want to know about things to buy and be 

assured that these things will be available 
when they want to buy them. Though 
relations with the United States are thawing, 
the Cuban economy is baffling. Rather than 
allow people to raise chickens, Cuba imports 
most of its eggs from Brazil. 
There is a Cuban fondness for American 
brands. Cuban drivers are proud that they 
have been able to maintain their ‘50s-era 
Ford Fairlanes and Chevy Bel-Airs. Many 
of them have added aftermarket stickers 
on their windshields and rear windows, 
proudly announcing their make and model. 
On public buses there are stickers that are 
instantly recognizable to an American. One 
just drove by with a peeing Calvin decal 
and the inscription Yo soy malo. The bus, 
incidentally, still bore markings from its 
service in the Barcelona, Spain rapid transit 
system. Many cars drive around with that 
great talisman on global affluence and 
connectedness, the Apple logo. Another 
popular image, perhaps a nod to Cuba’s 
almost nonexistent sexual taboos, is the 
Playboy bunny. 
Let’s talk about cars. I had wondered why 
the American cars from before the revolution 
had prevailed for so long. Obviously, it is 
impossible to import new American models 
because of the blockade but surely European 
and Japanese brands would have flooded 
the market by now. The problem is price. 
The state has a monopoly on new car sales. 
Nene, a charming former second baseman 
for Havana’s baseball team who drove me 
around, paid $25,000 for a 10-year-old 
Toyota Yaris. A new Peugeot subcompact 
that might cost $14,000 in Europe goes for 
around $150,000 in Cuba, Nene told me. 
“We don’t have Italian Ferrari’s  here,” 
Nene said, “but we do have French Ferraris.” 
Keep in mind that the highest Cuban salary 
is around $60 a month and the average Cuban 
salary is far lower than that. 
In my time in Cuba I have traveled in a 
1956 Ford Fairlane, a Soviet-made Lada, 
Nene’s Yaris and a Geely. The Geely 
was by far the most dangerous vehicle I 
traveled in. Geely is a Chinese brand that 
produces knockoff Toyotas. They look 
safe and modern and cab drivers like them 
because the air conditioning, compared to 
the alternatives, is pretty good and the radio 
is clear. These cars are lethal, though. I 
have had the misfortune of seeing crash test 
footage from a Geely. They crumple like 
tin cans. Dummies are propelled from the 
car at a scary, tremendous force. The one I 
rode in didn’t have seatbelts but rather the 
idea of seatbelts. They wouldn’t come out of 
their housing more than a few inches before 
refusing to budge any further. 
The Cuban relationship the automobile 
forms another component of the island’s 
visual culture. Havana is a city with a strong 
car culture but few people can actually 
afford to drive. Because of this, there is no 
traffic. The congestion that gnarls every 
other major city in the world simply does 
not exist. It’s not uncommon to to see people 
cross six-lane, interstate highways on foot or 
stand in the left lane trying to thumb a ride. 
The dearth of cars makes the city relatively 
uncluttered during the day and eerily quiet at 
night. 
Images and personal image matter a great 
deal in Cuba. This is a country where the 
people and regime, in their own separate 
ways, take aesthetics seriously. Men walk 
around in white jeans with Santeria beads 
around their necks and Beats headphones 
on their heads. The look is a studied and 
well articulated blending of styles, if not 
ideologies. The women, even border officials 
in military fatigues wear the most seductive 
fishnet stockings. 
And then there is Nene’s wife, Cari. She is 
a great beauty though beginning to fade. She 
and Nene are utterly devoted to their 12-year-
old son, Franco. Nene gets to go out every 
day and Cari is stuck at home. She carries a 
tragic sadness that is fundamentally illegible 
to any well-fed tourist: most of her family has 
fled Cuba and prospered. She misses them 
terribly. In her eyes you can see pride in her 
son but also an emptiness. But ultimately, she 
has to be strong for her son. Her face and her 
style speak for the whole country: beautiful, 
melancholy, bereft and always poised.  

RALLY

Continued from Page 1

CUBA

Continued from Page 2


OPINIONS4

TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: KEVIN MERCADO 
OPINIONS.ASP@GMAIL.COM

F O L L O W  U S  O N  T W I T T E R :  @ A L B S T U D E N T P R E S S

ALBANY  
STUDENT PRESS

CELEBRATING 100 YEARS 
 1916—2016

Kassie Parisi 
Editor-in-Chief 
theasp.eic@gmail.com 
518-225-5759

Madeline St. Amour 
Managing Editor 
production.asp@gmail.com 
518-369-5505

LINDSEY RIBACK 
News Editor 
theaspnews@gmail.com

Celia Balf
Sports Editor 
sports.asp@gmail.com
Julia Day 
A&E Editor 
artsent.asp@gmail.com
Kevin Mercado 
Opinions Editor 
opinions.asp@gmail.com
Mark Fanneron 
Business Manager 
asp.advertising@gmail.com

Advertise in the ASP: 
Mark Fanneron
Business Manager 
asp.advertising@gmail.com

The Albany Student Press 
is published Tuesdays 
from September through 
May by the Albany Student 
Press Corporation, an 
independent, not-for-
profit organization. 

Advertisements, as well as 
letter and column content, 
do not necessarily reflect 
the opinion of ASP staff. 
All unsigned editorials are 
written with the approval 
of the editorial board. 
The ASP is a registered 
trademark of the Albany 
Student Press Corporation 
which has exclusive rights 
to any materials herein. 

Contact the ASP 
for information and 
publication schedules: 
Newsroom: 
Campus Center 326
Email:  
theasp.eic@gmail.com; 
production.asp@gmail.com
Phone: 
518-225-5759
www.albanystudentpress.net

Democracy Chronicles/ Flickr
A two-party system disallows independent voters the proper 
voice during elections.

THE IMPORTANCE OF VOTING

ELECTIONS

Erik Hersman/ Flickr
Today is New York’s presidential primary. 

T

he New York presidential primaries are happening 
today, yet many potential voters will be out of luck. 
The reason: New York has a closed primary and 
it’s against the law for independent voters to vote in closed 
elections.
   According to OpenPrimaries, 25 percent of registered 
New York voters are either registered as “no party” or 
with the Independent Party. Nationwide, this number has 
risen to 39 percent over time, according to a Pew Research 
Center survey conducted for NPR.
   While the two-party system works in favor of 
partisan politics, it also disenfranchises the core of our 
democracy— the voters. Independent voters do not align 
with a party for many reasons. According to the Pew 
Research Center survey, most do not align with a party 
because they are fed up with the constant “partisan wars” 
that dominate politics.
   However, one quarter of the electorate, a huge chunk 
of voters, do not get a say in who goes on their ballot, 
resulting in a skewed representation.
   Millennial voters, a generation of people aged 18 to 
35, make up a good portion of independent voters. This 
generation is larger than the baby boomers, and they are 
instantly disenfranchised, which creates a huge problem.
   By not allowing these people to vote, they are unable 
to make a distinct difference to the results of the ballot. 
Millennials are known for being a very opinionated 

generation, and they could make or break a campaign.
   Even if millennials are discounted, a portion of 
independent voters are baby boomers or older, which 
tend to be veteran voters. These people could also 
make a difference, and yet New York does not allow 
them to have a voice by having a closed primary.
   What happens to these voters? They can not vote 
until November, when they’re stuck with candidates 
that the majority voted for. They have to vote for what 
other people voted for. This only emphasizes that 
there is an unequal representation of what the voters 
want.
   On the 2016 ballot, we have some of the most 
diverse candidates in history. For the Democrats, 
we have former first lady Hillary Clinton and Sen. 
Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), a self-proclaimed democratic 
socialist who was relatively unknown until his 
presidential run.  On the Republican ticket, we have 
controversial business mogul Donald J. Trump, along 
with evangelical Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Gov. 
John Kasich of Ohio, who recently made headlines for 
eating pizza with a fork. 
   All five candidates have a lot of different ideas to 
offer the citizens. But 25 percent of New York will be 
unable to vote in the primary and will not have a say 
on the final ballot.
   New York needs to change to an open primary 
system. This would maximize the voting potential New 
York has, enabling more people to get a chance to have 

their voice heard. Erasing disenfranchisement increases the 
power to the people, the very body of democracy.

The disenfranchisment of two-party systems

Exercising your right to vote in the elections

By KAITLIN LEMBO

   The significance of voting lies under the 
privilege that it has. Many countries do not 
get the chance to vote for their officials. 
Countries like North Korea have supreme 
rulers, and although North Korea holds 
elections every five years, they essentially 
have a predetermined leader. There is 
only one option on the ballot and voting is 
mandatory.
  Nevertheless, many eligible Americans 
do not flock to the voting booths when it is 

time. According 
to the Bipartisan 
Policy Center, the 
2012 presidential 
election had a 
turnout of about 
57.5 percent, 
which is about 5 
percent less than 
the 2008 election 
turnout rate of 62.3 percent. To break that 
number down, five million less people 
voted in 2012 and 93 million citizens did 
not vote at all.
   According to the U.S. Elections 
Project, these numbers are even lower in 
preliminary elections. All 2012 turnout 
figures were lower than 32 percent. 
Wyoming had a 0.3 percent turnout, the 
lowest of all 50 states. New York was a 

little better, at 1.3 percent. The state that 
had the highest percentage with a whopping 
31.5 percent of eligible voters showing up 
to fill out a ballot was North Carolina.
   A good friend of my family once told 
me that she doesn’t vote because she can’t 
be bothered. The reason she gave is the 
same reason that many other people in our 
country give to avoid voting. The majority 
of people see voting as insignificant and not 
worth their time.
   The Washington Post published a survey 
in 2015 that the Census Bureau conducted 
about why people did not vote in the 2014 
midterm elections. It was found that being 
“too busy” was the number one choice, 
at 28 percent. The second most common 
answer received 16 percent of the votes, 
which was “not interested.” In third place 
was “disability or illness” at 11 percent.

   Analyzing these results, it is incredible 
that 44 percent of the public chose not to 
vote due to either being too preoccupied or 
uninterested. The effect of this is that 44 
percent lost a chance to have their voices 
heard.
   Many current college students were not 
able to vote in 2008 and 2012. We are not 
responsible for the generations before us not 
wanting to have a voice. However, now that 
we are of age, we should rally together and 
show the world we care about issues that 
will directly or indirectly affect our lives.
   This is the United States of America. We 
live in the “land of the free.” We need to 
live up to this and raise our voices. We need 
to vote. The importance of casting a vote is 
incredibly obvious. Let’s be the generation 
that lets the world know what we believe.

A

s an American citizen, I make it my duty 
to vote in elections.
   It doesn’t matter what kind of election. 
If there is an election being held, nothing will 
stop me from getting to my local voting booth 
and exercising my right to vote.

By KAITLIN LEMBO


F O L L O W  U S  O N  T W I T T E R :  @ A L B S T U D E N T P R E S S

OPINIONS5

TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ASSISTANT EDITOR: DANIEL PINZON
OPINIONS.ASP@GMAIL.COM

Success 
Doesn’t Stop For
Summer.

At Only $190 Per Credit, 
You Can Make The Most Of Your
Break At Suffolk.

Albany students, headed home for the summer break? 
If so, enroll in Summer Session at  
Suffolk County Community College. 

At Suffolk, you can get a head start on next semester 
or even make up a course. Both the eight-week 

and fi

rst fi

ve-week sessions start on May 23rd,

with another fi

ve-week session starting June 27th.

Make the most of your break. Enroll in 
fall classes, too! Call 631-451-4111 
or visit sunysuffolk.edu/Enroll.

sunysuffolk.edu/Enroll

Albany_Updated_Layout 1  2/24/16  10:39 AM  Page 1

   Society made coffee creative and incorporated it into 
most people’s morning routine. Coffee is the original 
Monster, the original 5-hour Energy. However, even 
with all these new methods of sustaining energy, the 
majority of us still drinking coffee. The variety of coffee 
that we have now makes it harder to overlook it. There 
are many variations of coffee, such as espressos and 
coffee with different flavors, that add to the value of 
coffee. 
   To many college students, it’s definitely seen as 
valuable. 
   “I wouldn’t make it through law school without my 
cup of coffee in the morning every day,” said Kelly 
Manolopoulus, a first year law student at Albany Law 
School.
   Michaela Pickett, a junior at the University at Albany, 
said, “Coffee is seriously the go-to when it’s time to be 
productive. It’s like a must for a busy person.”
   Coffee goes beyond a rush of caffeine - it has a cultural 
impact. 
   “Coffee has a huge value… [it’s] different everywhere 
you go, every country is different, value is different in 
every country. Colombia has changed their community 
from growing cocaine to [growing] coffee. China 
suffered when the sugar cane market let out, then 
with the introduction of coffee, they had the idea of 
growing specialty coffee,” said Jake Griffin, a wholesale 
account representative of Irving Farm Coffee Roasters. 
“It changed the community…the community was 
revitalized due to coffee, therefore coffee had value 
in the community. Amaro Gayo, a coffee blend from 
Ethiopia, had its value aligned with women’s rights. 
Roasting coffee brought an unprecedented woman the 
ability to hold property, as well as security.”
   Coffee has more depth than people think. It’s 

influential, 
meaningful and 
important in society. 
So let me set the 
record straight on 
some things. 
   A macchiato is 
not the size of your 
arm. It’s actually an 
espresso shot with a 
smidge of steamed 
milk and from 
that, the next drink 
varies mainly in the amount 
of steamed milk. A cortado 
is actually the corresponding 
amount of steamed milk to 
espresso. A cappuccino has 
more milk than that and a 
latte has even more milk. 
   Moreover, coffee can have 
actual flavor to it, and it’s not 
just flavor from the common 
caramel syrup most people 
add to their drink. A coffee 
bean can be fermented, 
washed and dried in ways 
that bring out the different 
tasting notes. Coffee can 
genuinely taste like a mouthful 
of blueberries or a handful of 
chocolate cherries. It’s very interesting to note that just 
in the way the coffee bean is treated can actually make a 
difference. It’s not only reliant on your coffee machine 
settings, it’s beyond that.
   And I’m not going to shame the fast food versions of 
coffee shops, such as Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks. 
We all need a fix of caffeine every now and then, and 
it doesn’t have to be more than just a cup of coffee. 
These fixes are solely for the purpose to be up. And I’m 
guilty of getting caramel iced lattes at Dunkin Donuts, 
however I’ve tasted washed process coffee and enjoyed 
the taste of genuine jasmine, lemon and sweetness. Yet 
it’s important to consider that your cup of coffee can 
actually be more than just that.
   “I’ve realized coffee can be complex in flavors…
baristas have complete power,” Griffin said. “They have 

full control of making a cup of coffee. Extensive training 
is put into this process, it’s not just putting grinds in a 
coffee filter, it’s making sure the grinds are the right 
size, the beans are fresh, that the water has flowed 
between them properly. It can inspire people…the last 
sip you take before you leave a restaurant should leave 
you happy. And a crappy cup of coffee doesn’t do that, it 
should be flawless.”
   Coffee is the new kid on the block. It’s doing 
what wine did, but possibly better. People should 
acknowledge how society is now capable of specializing 
in anything now. And it may seem weird, quirky and 
unnecessary in the world, but these specialized products 
open up a new world of opportunity. Yes, it is just a cup 
of coffee, but now there’s a business revolving around 
it. Not only do people have more access to fancy coffee, 
but opportunities can be available to them.

C

offee was, at first, just a cup of coffee. 
It was caffeine that would help me stay 
awake. I didn’t care for the taste and I 
didn’t care for the add-in milk or sugar. I cared 
about the added hours of alertness. Every cup of 
coffee I had could only be described as tasting 
like coffee.    

TRENDS
CONTINUING THE COFFEE CRAZE

By DANIEL PINZON

Jazzbobrown/ wikipedia.org
As a way to cope with stress from class, work, and extracurriculars, students often 
turn to coffee as a means of gaining enough energy to complete daily tasks.

By EDITORIAL BOARD
T

he Albany Student 
Press has prided 
itself on its 
independence for 
100 years.
   This independence is a 
luxury that we have learned 
how to handle, how to 
protect and how to cherish. 
With our independence 
comes our unique ability to 
serve this school and this 
community by doing the 
thing we do best: reporting 
the truth. Sometimes the 
truth is ugly, and sometimes 
it makes people angry, but 
we’ve never had our free 
speech rights taken away.
Not until this past weekend. 
   On Friday there was 
an appalling incident in 
which our newspapers were 
removed from their stands in 
the Lecture Centers because 
of a headline. The headline 
in question read, “Assault 
reports up 200 percent” 
and showed that reports of 
sexual assault on campus are 
going up because students 
on campus have better, more 
efficient ways of reporting 
those crimes. 
   That didn’t matter to the 
person who decided to have 
the papers thrown away. 
University tour guides were 
instructed to get rid of the 
papers if they were found 
in the Lecture Centers so 
prospective students and 
their families would not see 
them during the Accepted 
Student Open House last 
weekend. 
   Maybe if the person who 
made the decision to throw 
out the papers had bothered 
to read the article, things 
would have been different. 
Maybe not.
   The University at Albany 
has since apologized for 
this and recovered our 
newspapers. We as a staff 

accept and respect their 
apology, and we in no way 
want to drag the name of this 
school through the mud. We 
also don’t blame the tour 
guides who were most likely 
just acting under orders from 
a superior.
   However, the ASP cannot 
forgive the person who made 
the decision to get rid of 
the papers. We don’t know 
who made this decision, but 
to that person, we say this: 
Your actions were shameful 
and ignorant. First of all, it is 
despicable that anyone would 
try to hide a newspaper, 
whether that paper is on a 
college campus or elsewhere. 
College is a place where 
ideas are supposed to be 
encouraged and celebrated, 
not squashed. 
   The second troubling 
part is that the person who 
made this choice did so 
functioning under the absurd 
and incorrect assumption that 
he or she was helping the 
school. If anything, that story 
would have been a perfect 
tool for encouraging students 
to come here. Someone who 
feels that dishonesty is the 
best way to get students to 
come here should have no 
place at this school. We 
suggest that the university 
keep that in mind while 

dealing with this situation. 
   While we understand that 
this individual probably 
has protections placed on 
them via the SUNY system, 
this school continuously 
tells us at the ASP they’re 
proud to have us here, and 
that our freedom is of the 
utmost importance to them. 
This is an opportunity for 
them to prove that they 
really care. Prove that you 
value free speech as much 
as you say you do, and see 
that this employee faces 
consequences.
   In conclusion, even though 
we as a staff were hurt and 
saddened by this terrible 
act of censorship, we can 
appreciate the university’s 
quick response. We will 
continue to represent this 
great university as best we 
can, as we always have done. 
   To the person who was 
responsible for this, we say 
that we hope you recognize 
the gravity of what you 
did not only to us, but also 
to this university. And if 
you continue to remain a 
member of this university 
community, we, as the place 
where everyone on campus 
can have their voice heard, 
would welcome a story 
from you explaining your 
actions. 

We were censored

EDITORIAL

Alvin Yuan He / Albany Student Press


M I S S  T H E  S H O W ?  R E A D  A B O U T  I T  O N L I N E  A T  A L B A N Y S T U D E N T P R E S S . N E T

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT6

TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: JULIA DAY 
ARTSENT.ASP@GMAIL.COM

20162016
albany.edu/summeralbany.edu/summer

Sessions begin  
May 23, 2016 
and run 
throughout  
the summer

Flexible 4 and 
6-week sessions  

Online course  
options available

Registration 
begins 
March 21, 2016 
and is 
ongoing

By DIEGO CAGARA

Nine models worked the narrow runway and it was 
complete rubbish. And that’s a compliment. 
The University at Albany hosted its third annual 
Trashion Fashion show on April 7 at the Campus Center 
Ballroom which expressed how one’s trash can become 
another’s treasure, reusing and turning junk into chic 
ensembles. 
Because of a group of imaginative UAlbany students 
and staff who put their talented designing skills to use, 
they fashioned a number of outfits that married style and 
garbage.
“The [Albany Student Press] newspapers and plastic 
bags were the most prevalent materials used,” said Cassidy 
Drasser, program assistant of the Office of Environmental 
Sustainability (OES), who helped organize the overall 
event.
It informed the audience about how society could be 
more sustainable by recycling, reducing and reusing, a 
theme that received sheer applause and praise by making 
the fashion show both inspiring and educational. 
“[The show] is definitely about raising awareness: 
reusing and reducing our waste but in a fun way,” said 
OES Director Mary Ellen Mallia, nicknamed the “Green 
Queen” by the emcees. “That taps into the creative side 
but also the idea of looking at things through new eyes, not 
seeing waste as waste but seeing it in a new light.”
With a packed ballroom, attendance increased this 
year and the audience was treated to free popcorn, a 
photo booth, comfortable seating, pulsating lights and 
a series of final designs that the designers proudly 
presented after much planning and hard work. The show 
included performances by a cappella group Earth Tones, 
Phenomenal Voices and salsa club SalSUNY. The five 
emcees—Lianna Wilson, Jed Shattuck, Jeudy Ventura, 
Karl Ravilus and Felix Abreu—and DJ L-Squared 
entertained the crowd with loud music, environment-
related trivia and games that rewarded participants with 
Chipotle gift cards. 
While enlightening, the show was also a competition as 
each design was evaluated by six judges, who work both 
in student groups and student services offices, for “overall 
creativity, construction, wearable quality, presentation on 
the runway, and attention to environmental sustainability,” 
according to UAlbany Green Scene’s website. The 
audience also had the chance to vote under the “Fan 
Favorite” category and winners took home $150 each.
“If you littered, thank you,” emcee Shattuck quipped. 

“Thanks for littering, literally!”
Emily Diaz of University Apartments won the 
Living Areas category with a black top and a long 
train made with collected ASP newspapers.
Nicholle Gregor of UAlbany Students for 
Sustainability won the Student Organization 
category with a Blair Waldorf-inspired schoolgirl 
ensemble: a brown blazer, green tie and matching 
skirt, created with secondhand Chipotle bags, 
cardboard and takeout bags. 
For Individual Submission, Julia Salwa created 
the acclaimed “pixie fairy” outfit in various 
shades of white, grey and off-yellow. Fitting the 
model with 75 percent plastic bags and tissues, it 
was distinguished by its flower-wrapping paper 
wings and a wand.
Sara Catalano from the Office of Environmental 
Sustainability won for Campus Office with a 
“Love Your Mother Earth” T-shirt and a mid-
length skirt out of empty bags including Lay’s 
chips and Skinny Pop popcorn.
The Fan Favorite, voted by the audience, was 
Kadeija Brown of Indian Quad, taking inspiration 
from black tie events. Her winning design was 
an elegant mermaid-esque dress, utilizing black, 
white and grey plastic bags and an intricately-
woven white top. 
Co-sponsored by UAlbany Green Scene, 
Students for Sustainability, Campus Center 
Connections and University Auxiliary Services, 
the fashion show concluded with the emcees 
altogether reminding the audience to “always 
remember to recycle and be sustainable.”
“We’re hoping for a [fourth] fashion show next 
year, that’s been always the plan,” said Mallia. 
“If we get more interest and students who want 
to participate and send submissions, then we’ll 
definitely have another one.”
However, she noted that there were only nine 
design submissions this year which was fewer 
than last year’s 15. Mallia was concerned if 
there was still enough interest among UAlbany 
students but acknowledged this year’s improved 
attendance, crediting positive word of mouth and 
social media.
Like last year, Mallia said that the winning 
designs are being publicly shown in the Science 
Library’s ground floor this month for the greater 
UAlbany community to view.

WALK, WALK, TRASHION, BABY 

FASHION 

Milo Votava / Albany Student Press

FILM  

By DANIEL RUSSELL

After debuting at the SXSW Film 
Festival last year, Karyn Kusama’s latest 
thriller film “The Invitation” made its 
theatrical and video on-demand debut this 
April. 
The story is fairly simple: a man named 
Will (Logan Marshall-Green) receives 
an invitation to a dinner party at his old 
house from his ex-wife Eden (Tammy 
Blanchard) two years after a traumatic 
incident separated them. Reluctant to 
attend with his current partner (Emayatzy 
Corinealdi) and see his old friends as well, 
Will suspects that the party isn’t what it 
appears to be, and suspects something 
sinister is in the works. 
It’s not hard to see that Will is a 
troubled man. In numerous flashbacks, we 
see him as a clean-shaven, happy family 
man with Eden. Two years later, he’s a 
long-haired, bearded man, and you can 
feel the trauma he’s been through with 
every word and action he performs. Actor 
Logan Marshall-Green does a fantastic 
job of showing Will wrestle his personal 
demons in this hostile environment that 
was once his home, while Eden has come 
to terms with what happened between 
them. The film deals with some very 
emotional issues involving how grief after 
trauma affects the human psyche, and the 
appropriate ways to relieve this grief. 
This movie isn’t for everyone. The 
film has a slow burn style, where tense 
conversations and awkward silences 
make up a good portion of the 100-minute 
runtime. It takes a while to find out what’s 
really going on here at the dinner, but the 
buildup and suspense that precedes the 
reveal is razor-sharp, keeping the audience 
at the edge of its seat. The movie is also 
set almost entirely in one location, adding 

a claustrophobic feeling that becomes 
crucial in the final third of the film. 
The film takes a “less is more” 
approach, which may not appeal to some 
filmgoers. Not knowing enough helps to 
sustain the tense atmosphere, and keeps 
the audience wanting to know more as 
they move along. For the most part, the 
film gives you enough information about 
certain events to make an assumption 
about them. For example, the exact 
circumstances surrounding the traumatic 
incident that separated Will and Eden is 
never explicitly stated, but is shown in 
brief glimpses through flashbacks. It gives 
you enough to realize what has happened, 
and how it affected their marriage, in only 
a few simple shots. 
Marshall-Green is given the showiest 
performance, while most of the other 
performances given by the cast, 
specifically Will’s old friends, feel real. 
We can tell through Will’s interactions 
with them that they all used to be very 
close to him, but since the incident there’s 
been a long period of separation - so much 
so that we sometimes get the sense that 
Will isn’t surrounded by his friends, he’s 
surrounded by people he used to know. 
John Carroll Lynch and Lindsay Burdge 
steal their scenes as two mysterious 
people at the party whom Eden and her 
new husband David (Michael Huisman) 
met while on a trip to Mexico, and their 
presence at the party makes the audience 
think about why exactly they’re there. 
“The Invitation” is easily one of the 
best thriller films to come out in the 
past few years. Rather than focusing on 
ways to scare you, the film is focused on 
making you think about the ways humans 
deal with trauma, taking place in a dinner 
gone south. And it all leads up to one 
horrifying final shot. Give this film a 
viewing - it’ll be well worth your time.

‘Invitation’ to thrill 

Source: youtube.com


ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT7

TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: ELI ENIS
ARTSENT.ASP@GMAIL.COM

M I S S  T H E  S H O W ?  R E A D  A B O U T  I T  O N L I N E  A T  A L B A N Y S T U D E N T P R E S S . N E T

2   16

www.lehman.edu/summer

(718) 960-8036

ronald.banks@lehman.cuny.edu

2   16

SUMMER

REGISTRATION

IS OPEN

SESSION 1 6/1 – 7/6  

SESSION 2 6/1 – 7/14  

SESSION 3 7/11 – 8/10  

SESSION 4 7/18 – 8/18  

ONLINE SESSION 7/18 – 8/5  

FULL SEMESTER 5/31 – 8/18

Over 800 Graduate And 

Undergraduate Course Sections 

1-Step Application/Registration Process

Low In-State Tuition 

Convenient Bronx Location Easily Accessible 

From Manhattan, Yonkers, And Lower 

Westchester By Car, Train, Or Bus

VISITING STUDENTS 

WELCOME AT 

LEHMAN COLLEGE

By JON MILLER

The University at Albany Musical Theatre Association 
(UAMTA) had their “fourth-and-a-half” Annual Cabaret 
ceremony on Tuesday, April 12, infused with songs from 
all sorts of decades, making it difficult to find any song not 
to like. Many student groups, including Pitch Please, The 
Earth Tones, Serendipity, and The Sketchy Characters, 
performed to showcase their musical and comedic talents.
The Sketchy Characters began the night with four acts 
of comedy skits and improv. The group started with a 
game called “Objection,” where the members of the group 
must improvise with any topic before another member can 
object. Eventually, they finished off their skits with the 
game “Pillars,” where two members are given a subject 
and must give permission to another member to continue 
with the storyline of the subject. After, two members of the 

group sang an earnest duet of songs from artists such as 
The Beatles and Elvis Presley, accompanied by a ukulele 
that the crowd seemed to appreciate.
Of all of the comedy sketches and musical numbers, 
two of the main attractions of the night were theatre songs 
and a cappella groups. Songs from favorite plays like 
“Hamilton” made an appearance during the ceremony, 
along with somber renditions of “Suddenly, Seymour” 
from “Little Shop of Horror” and “Superboy and the 
Invisible Girl” from “Next to Normal.” 
There were several a cappella groups that demonstrated 
their ability of incorporating sounds and singing to create 
impressive tunes. The all-female group, Serendipity, 
sang older pop songs from Oasis’ “Wonderwall” and 
“Champagne Supernova,” as well as blending them into 
current songs from Kimbra. The compilation of different 
decades of music went smoothly with the crowd who sang 

along. 
The all-male a cappella group, the Earth Tones, 
definitely added a sense of humor to their renditions of 
songs from Ben E. King and Charlie Puth, but their version 
of Shaggy’s “It Wasn’t Me” undeniably had the laughs that 
the group looked for. 
The co-ed a cappella group Pitch Please, which should 
get an award for the best group name, had a well-balanced 
number of singers who took turns singing songs from the 
Foo Fighters and Drake Bell. In between the acts were 
more solo and duets from UAlbany senior Jesus Vasquez’s 
rendition of John Legend’s already somber “All of Me” 
and an alluring jazz number from Mike Chaney.
Overall, the night was full of great performances that 
showcased the musical and comedic talents of students 
from the UAlbany campus. 

UAMTA CABARET SERENADES 
WITH MUSIC AND LAUGHTER 

STUDENT PERFORMANCE

Jon Miller / Albany Student Press
Students performing various musical and comedic acts at the UAMTA’s Annual Cabaret night at UAlbany.

MUSIC

By ELIOR MOSKOWITZ

If you happened to hear harmonious 
a cappella covers pouring out of Lecture 
Center 2 this past Thursday night, April 14, 
it was coming from the Pitch Please spring 
concert.  
Founded in 2013, Pitch Please is the 
first co-ed a cappella performance group 
at the University at Albany. They feature 
a variety of genres in their repertoire 
and have performed at the International 
Championship of Collegiate A Cappella 
(ICCA) competitions for three consecutive 
years. 
The event, “Pitch Please Presents: 
PPTV,” showcased a selection of the 
group’s a cappella compositions, ranging in 
genre from oldies to pop music, woven into 
the theme of television entertainment. 
Between each segmented musical 
performance, the multi-talented group 
entertained the audience with comedic 
sketches of typical TV programs, such as 
Family Feud, a news channel station, a 
Spanish soap opera, and even a farcical 
presidential debate that had the crowd in 
stitches. 
Highlights of the show included a 
recall of old group members to the stage 
for the performance of the group’s first 
piece, a nostalgic medley of Beatles’ hits, 
and a hilarious countdown of one of the 
group members attempting to finish a 
whole bowl of cereal in 30 seconds before 

the group would start singing again, for 
which audience participation was eagerly 
solicited. 
The performers not only astounded 
the audience with their musical talent 
and powerful vocals, they also did an 
exceptional job of entertaining the crowd 
with the chemistry of their group dynamic, 
complete with animated facial expressions, 
dance moves and witty comedic humor. 
“Every song really highlighted the 
unique capabilities of each member’s 
unique vocal style,” said UAlbany student 
Rebecca Prince. “The arrangements had a 
lot of really rich harmony. A definite high 
point of the show was the cover of ‘Wildest 
Dream’ (Taylor Swift). The lead vocalist 
[Amanda Egan] was incredibly talented and 
really captivated the audience. I’m so glad 
that I went, and can’t wait for future Pitch 
Please performances.” 
Grant Hilsenrath, musical supervisor, 
advertised the event as being “like TV, only 
better!” The comment proved to be true. 
The audience danced along to the tunes in 
a way that showed their utter enjoyment - it 
definitely seemed better than watching TV. 
The vocals, however, were something 
that could not be confined to the tube, 
transcending the medium of television 
and reaching the audience personally and 
powerfully. If you missed this performance, 
be sure to stay tuned for Pitch Please’s 
upcoming shows and events, because there 
won’t be re-runs of these entertaining 
shows airing later. 

Stay tuned, Pitch Please 
acappella presents: PPTV

Are you awesome?
Make yourself MORE awesome.
Write for A&E!

Email artsent.asp@gmail.com for more info.


Rediscover what makes us 
a different kind of financial 
partner at the new TIAA.org 

INVESTING      ADVICE      BANKING      RETIREMENT

A CAREER 
OF GIVING
 DESERVES A 
RETIREMENT 
WORTH 
GETTING.

C28792CREATED TO SERVE. 

BUILT TO PERFORM.

5021A0113 Campus News_CAREER OF GIVING_REDISCOVER_C28792_10x15_Various_1.indd
Cyan Magenta Yellow Black

76251

ADVANCE  
YOUR EDUCATION + YOUR CAREER

 > Graduate degrees and certificates in these fields: 
 Education 
 Health Sciences 
 Management 
 Psychology

 > Accredited programs, flexible and hybrid online/on-site courses

 > NOW ALSO satellite locations in Saratoga (M.B.A.)  
and New York City (Ed.D.)

LEARN MORE:  
sage.edu/infosession 
sgsadm@sage.edu
(518) 292-8615

CELEBRATING 100 YEARS | 


SPORTS9

TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SPORTS EDITOR: CELIA BALF
SPORTS.ASP@GMAIL.COM

F O L L O W  U S  O N  T W I T T E R  @ S P O R T S _ A S P !

	  

Want to become a teacher?  or 
Already teaching and want to  
diversify your skills and credentials? 

 
 
 
The Division of Special Education  
at the University at Albany can help! 

 
 
We offer the ONLY graduate degree programs in the Capital Region that can lead to multiple 
certifications in elementary school, reading, and/or special education teaching. 
Learn from experienced faculty who have expertise in the latest evidence-based teaching 
methods and who conduct and publish cutting-edge research. 
	  

 
	  

For	  more	  information,	  contact:	  
Bruce	  Saddler,	  	  
Director,	  Division	  of	  Special	  Education	  
Email:	  	  bsaddler@albany.edu	  
Website:	  	  albany.edu/special_education	  
	  

	  

BLAZE IT UP WITH THE ASP!
BLAZE PIZZA IN STUYVESANT PLAZA
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20
5 P.M. - 8 P.M.

Bring a flyer on your phone (check our Facebook) or 
from around campus and the Blaze will donate 20 percent 
of your order to the ASP!

THIS SPACE 
COULD HAVE 
YOUR NAME ON 
IT.

EMAIL SPORTS.
ASP@GMAIL.COM 
TO GET STARTED!


SPORTS

10

TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 2016
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EDITOR: CELIA BALF
SPORTS.ASP@GMAIL.COM
@SPORTS_ASP

F O L L O W  U S  O N  T W I T T E R  @ S P O R T S _ A S P !

UALBANY ATHLETES 
STOMP INTO SPRING

ATHLETICS

By CELIA BALF

   On Saturday the University at Albany 
hosted the annual Spring Stomp, which 
is a day filled with athletic events. 
    The spring football game is set every 
year to show the progress and upcoming 
competition for the fall season. With 
that in mind, the friendly competition 
highlighted the defense who came away 
with the win, 56-32. The defense had 
three forced fumbles and intercepted 
four passes.
    Baseball had an impressive 
performance at noon, too. The Great 
Danes dominated St. Peters 5-0 and 
17-5. Head Coach John Mueller 
commended his team’s pitching 
performance: “A great pitching 
performance from Brendan Ryan 
in game one and Dom Savino was 
dynamite again.”
    One of the most dominant 
performances of the day, however, 
came from Coach Battaglino’s women’s 
lacrosse team. With a Senior Day 
celebration and a potential opportunity 
to clinch an America East Tournament 
berth, the women’s lacrosse team came 
out to play. The team beat UMASS 
Lowell 18-2 and are now 4-0 in 
America East play. 
   Tewaaraton nominee, Rachel Bowles, 
all-time career point leader in women’s 
lacrosse history, casually put six goals 
away Saturday. Alie Jimerson, whose 
creativity in her play is always fun to 

watch, added three goals 
and two assists. At one 
point Bowles found 
Jimerson who glided 
past UMASS Lowell 
defenders and did a 
behind-the-back shot 
which made Casey Mary 
Stadium erupt with 
screaming and applause.  
    The men’s lacrosse 
team, when they aren’t 
making Barstool Sports 
headlines with their 
pasty chests and bad-boy 
demeanor, are taking 
care of business on the 
field. Head Coach Scott 
Marr’s team defeated 
Binghamton Saturday 
night, 12-8, which not 
only concluded the 
stomping of the day, 
but also capped them 
their seventh America 
East regular season 
title. This is the fourth 
year in a row the Great 
Danes secured the #1 
seed in the conference 
tournament. Bennett 
Drake took the game 
over offensively scoring 
four goals and adding an 
assist. Seth Oakes totaled three himself, 
while senior John Maloney won the day 
in assists, dishing out three on the day.

    In conclusion, the UAlbany athletics 
went 5-0 Saturday.  Not a bad day to be 
a Great Dane. 

Brittany Gregory / Albany Student Press 
Five teams played during the annual Spring Stomp.

New coach to 
lead women’s 
basketball

By KASSIE PARISI

     Joanna Bernabei-McNamee will be taking over 
as head coach for the University at Albany women’s 
basketball team, according to an announcement made 
Friday.
Bernabei-McNamee, who will be the 11th coach 
in the program’s history, was a coach at University 
of Pikeville in Kentucky for three seasons. While 
there, she was named the 2016 Women’s Basketball 
Coaches Association (WBCA) NAIA Regional Coach 
of the Year, and 
was also named the 
2015 Mid-South 
Conference Coach of 
the Year, according 
to a press release 
from the UAlbany 
Athletic Department.
“Being a part 
of the UAlbany 
program is a great 
opportunity for me 
and my family,” said 
Coach McNamee 
in that press 
release. “This program and the success it has already 
accomplished is a great fit for me -- the up-tempo 
brand of basketball fits my coaching style, and I’m 
excited to build upon the program’s success.”
Bernabei-McNamee is taking over the program 
from Katie Abrahamson-Henderson, who led 
the Great Danes for six seasons and through five 
consecutive America East tournaments. Abrahamson-
Henderson will be taking over the head coach position 
at the University of Central Florida.

Source: ualbanysports.com

EMPLOYEE

Inside the offseason

WOMEN’S SOCCER

A 

s the regular season for a sport 
ends, the off season begins  – 
and the UAlbany women’s 
soccer team is no exception. Soon after 
winning the America East conference 
and going to the NCAA tournament, the 
team started to prepare for the following 
championship season.

By TROY FARKAS

    The University at Albany fans got their first look at 
the future at the annual spring football game Saturday 
afternoon at Tom and Mary Casey Stadium at Bob Ford 
Field.
   The scrimmage, which featured a mixture of first and 
second string players in an offense vs. defense format, 
was not structured like a normal game. The four quarters 
were accompanied by a running clock and the offense 
and defense each received points for a certain play. For 
example, an interception was worth six points for the 
defense, while a touchdown was worth six points for 
the offense. The final score was 56-32 in favor of the 
defense.
   Skylor Clinton, a freshman who transferred this 
semester from University of Wyoming was a new 
addition to the defense Saturday. Clinton believes their 
performance is a good step in preparation for the fall. 
“Our defense really picked things up and played well.” 
   The defense, wearing the team’s alternate anthracite 
gray uniforms, forced three fumbles and intercepted 
four passes from rising sophomore Neven Sussman in 
the process. Sussman finished the afternoon 7-16 for 72 
yards, with three interceptions. DJ Crook, the redshirt 
junior that started for UAlbany last fall, put up similar 
numbers, completing seven passes for a total of 55 yards.    
“I thought the game went well and the team really 
competed, which as been the main focus this spring,” 
said Crook, now through his second spring game as a 
Great Dane. “The offense had some struggles, but the 
defense really played well creating turnovers. The spring 
game is just a big learning event for the team as we can 
fix what went wrong with the last three practices of the 
spring.” 
   Crook and head coach Greg Gattuso have similar 
thoughts about the experience. “We still have some 
growing to do to get where we need to be,” Gattuso said. 
“I definitely like where we’re at right now.”

Spring game 
shows room 
to grow 

FOOTBALL

Milo Votava / Albany Student Press 
The football team played its annual spring game. 
The defense came out as the winners this time.

Milo Votava / Albany Student Press 

MISS THE GAME? GO TO ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS.NET

By KELSEY LUKE

  The week after classes 
started for the spring 
semester, the team 
was up at 6 a.m. to lift 
weights. Later in the day 
we had conditioning. 
The week, as we soon 
were thrown into, 
consisted of lifting, 
practicing and mental 
training.
   “Waking up at six in 
the morning to lift isn’t 
the most fun thing, but 
you just have to keep 
in mind that every time 
you’re there, you’re 
getting better,” junior 
forward Kiana Rugar 
said.
   Strength and 
conditioning in the off-

season is meant to be far 
more difficult than the 
regular season strength 
and conditioning, 
mainly because out of 
season you have the 
time to build up strength 
without the rigorous 
weekly game schedule. 
On the conditioning 
side of things, 100, 200 
and 400-meter sprint 
workouts are to be 
expected. Sled pushes, 
hang cleans, and bench 
press are other essentials 
we became accustomed 
to at 6 a.m. 
   Mental toughness is a 
necessity in the season. 
“You just always have 
to keep your mind on 

the greater goal, while 
also taking it one day at 
a time,” Claire Urquhart, 
a freshman center back 
said. Aside from strength 
and conditioning, the 
team also works to 
improve their game on 
the field. “The offseason 
is an imperative time for 
individual development 
in both the technical and 
tactical/soccer theory 
aspects of the game,” 
Nick Bochette, assistant 
coach of the women’s 
soccer team said.
   The spring season is 
used to reflect on the 
preceding season and 
change what needs to 
be changed. “We just 
finished a full season; 
we saw what we did well 
and what we needed to 
improve, and now is the 
time to put the work in 
to improve on what we 
need to,” said Vivian 
Vega a sophomore 
forward. 
   The team is working to 
separate themselves from 
other teams in and out 
of conference in hopes 

of dominating next 
season. “As a team, we 
are focused on a brand 
of universal excellence 
that goes well beyond 
training sessions,” 
Bochette said. “Having 
a team that enjoys the 
process of getting better 
is key to separating 
ourselves from our 
competitors.”
Earlier in the spring, 
the team won a 7 vs. 
7 tournament against 
Syracuse and Colgate. 
Last Sunday, they played 
Syracuse again in a 
normal 11 v 11 match, 
falling to them 1-0.
   Rookie of the year, 
Caroline Kopp believes 
this offseason has helped 
her and the team prepare 
for the fall. 
   “It’s important to take 
spring games seriously 
because it’s the time to 
get stronger as a team 
and improve on our own 
game,” Kopp said. 
   The team will face 
Siena at home this 
Friday, the 22nd.


