     

      
 
  

é '
‘5 ;=

«a..

my! v

 

     
       
       
       

  

    

 

» 

' ‘fandotit ol‘ 280visits5to hearing aid dealers. aids were recommended for
people who had been diagnosedhby pica! audiologists as having normal

    

  

during the energy critii
prescription drug prices and
Chairperson is Arthur. Malltin an

tion. and has corn

throudi ruryeyl doiie

seompa‘ ﬂeeting: pr I
surveyed prices or nearby supermarkets. compared
performed other. useful functions. Its
d its VicerChairperson is Chris Aidan.

  

 

 

usUNYA

No” imam“ No. ‘I‘imes Hearing" Mr

I lieAlbanyversioii.
ributed a great deal to the crim- ,
tl'irtiughout the past year. r
ices of Albany gas stations

 

     

‘l'ests Administered

 

,, hearing," the report said.  these'ineorrect diagnoses. dealers I r “M “peach. M Mum“ I“
~ usede uall false claims. Ninedealers prescribingaids claimed that theaid All“ Vim, Tum A"; uecomm'd Cond‘ Cond‘ - "Wm. m, Audiulu‘i
' w“ y » - . . _ . Lit
would restore hearing to normal. Seven claimed that-hearing would further 7 1 L , ‘ . 1 2 a
deteriorate il' parehaseol an aid were delayed. “Neither of these claims bear MOMMWI . 7° : . I l
the slightest resemblence to truth.» the “armors ol‘ the report charge. ‘f they a“ mp” 50,. . a a a .| 1 a
are exaggerations used tb make sales. Aids neither can restore hearing nor _
check deterioration.“ ' ' Maddie Waterloo 50'. 3 2 1 2 1 o 1
I . . . comm Q: a V o 2 e o o 7
The authors of the report attribute these problems to two canses: conllict mm," m _
of interest and dealer incompetence. “Hearingaid dealers make money only “M. “ms.” 20 3 5 4 5 a o 6
when they make a sale. Therefore. they have a built in conﬂict at interest h i M d I Th h ‘b I
~ " ' ‘ ‘ rs. ec ar eow
when they test hearing loss. A second problem is that the vast majority ol _ . ear "3 ii an 9
dealers luck the proper qualiﬁcationstocvaluate bearing problems. Dealers 'l he Ibo" chm recordsillﬂl'lﬂl  .s comparing dealers based on infor-
hiive no training take no tests and except foran ineffective Voluntary Code "5'" In“ "I!" '"I," “"99 W matron like above.

' ‘ ' -. 'om letel unre ulated." the re ort concluded. ” ‘

ol hthics go I. p y . B P “cum N" “"m No. limes 'I'ests Administered \n Ronni
. .. . . 1.. i ‘l imes Hearing Aid Air Hone .  K_ . '. ‘ \otintl

Testing procedures used by the dealers surveyed in Queens. were-Inadc- “um "mm" “mm 'I'csicd Recomm‘d Cund. Cond. 5pm“ mm” pm",
qute. Even though it is essential for accurate heraring measurement. none “m. Oman." 3 2 a o o 2 No
used a soundproof room. One NY PlRG investigator complained. “half the
time i couldn‘t tell it' i was hearing tones or telephonesT‘. In ar ither case Acouetleon 4 3 0 3 1 0 2 No
construction was in progress right outsidgthe store making it impossible to N y c Comm
hm" "‘"c" "r “"y‘him" ‘ / Allied ' Coll. cm. I." 1 1 1 1 1 o i No

I, ,tl IL "A. Dlep.
l'I: :. -

N Yl'l RG's report is part ol‘a natiou<widcgtudy ol~ hearingaid sales prac- Bell Hearing “as... w' A“ 5 5 5 5 o o 1 No
tices. Previous studies released by allied consumer organizations in a." 4 4 1 2 o 1 N
Minnesota. Michigan. Iowa. Vermont. Maryland and Massachusetts sup- m. e 4 °

trt l’lRG‘s l'indin ts. . Cert. ﬂooring Aid
in NW t. Greater "up Your A“. ' 4 2 1 2 o 2 2 No
‘ u . laid Cont! CHEAng Aid ‘ 2 o 2 o o 4 No

NYI’IRG Is a non-polit. non-partisan research and advocacy organizu- m
tion supported bycollege students. This report is the work olthree students ommbom "-V- "0""! AW 4 4 2 4 3 1 2 N0
attending Queens College: Marsha Sliver. Marian Levcntmun. and Denis c a???" an“

(ioldsmiih. Sonotone 9 ‘thlld 5 4 2 4 o 1 3 No
l

 

 

 

   

 

 
 
    
  
  

' Loam

 

Inertrariovoicc'i‘rm new item

 

PAGE FOUR

“abuses. 3.6mm

 

EVEKWQXEii
S©

 

 

 

 

 

.... .. assess...“
- w  . [hurting and till _ 4. M
 5- We!” “has Imwm'i'ryil'ciinom em

 

 

‘msro'me‘srisg titration we momma»

1818 Central AVenue.
MON. thrtt FRIJO Illl. - 9 pm.

 

 

 

SAT. 10 am. - 5:30 pm.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

. y . . _ Wipﬁcwuoammonium/luxuries.riioumwms
_‘ I I I _ NNOSIMOM‘OIDIQKLII‘MOIW suesmz-rsnmsir-HIASE LlNulomeltmenongu grim.
arms a SANSUl um dammummo ISIIJIE c sosv wee-Store ammun‘suru - ins - rm ItlTAll ouLTIuLIsia'u outrun o osto o recitals

Next to the MOhawk Drive-Iii

4563.234;

 

 

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1974

We SM mandatory student ac-
tivities fee has continued this year to
he discussed. evaluated and judged.
llie lees collected at eachschool

‘Iund the Student Association.

Mr six years the state legislature.
the Chancellor‘s office and Board of
trustees. Iind interested students
have argued back and forth about
the pros and cons. the way the
money should be spent.as wellastlte
validity ol charging students the ice
at all.

I lie lutcst ntissivc on the fees was
sent to all campus Presidents l'oim
Waller .l. Relilian. .lr.. the “Universi-
ty Counsel and Vice Chancellor for
Legal Allah's.“ In this memo heout-
lined the lees from their inception
and stated that the money cannot be
used l'or buying real estate or l'orsnp-
porting private ot'gtiiiitations like
l’lRii and SASU.

Apparently SUNY tll-Biligllllm-
tott hitd planned oit buying houses
and renting them on It non—profit
basis to students. lltit with this latest
interpretation of the activities lees.
they cannot.

SASU (Student Association ol‘tlte
State University) immediately con-
dcmncd the Relilian memo. saying-
lhcy condemned the "State Univer-
Sll)’ ('entrul Administration as It
whole tor its willful disregard for
students by issuing this Ittemoran-
duttt which violates the right of
students to orgatti/e themselves as
they deem necessary. without in any
way consulting with or notifying the
Student Assembly which is citi-

      

 
 
    
   

potvered by tthBoard ol' 'l'rustees to
exercise this function..." "'

‘ .S'ASU demanded that the memo

he rescinded. l‘hcy suidthnt
('hiiiicellor appoints coitiiiiittce to
"thoroughly l't:-‘C\'tlillillL‘" the
Iriistces‘ regulations for spending
the Itioncy.

'l wclvc bills \Vcrc introduced dur-
ing the |9'7_t-l974 Legislative session
which were aitticd iit eliminating.
regulating or partially curtailing the
collection and expenditures of inan-
tlatory student activity l'ecs. The

SAS U Legislative I’rogram calls for
the dcl'eat ol'Iill such pieces ol'legisla-
lion.

 

llie most controversial activity l'ee
hills were concerned with
prohibiting the expenditure of ac—
tivity l'ce monies for college
Ilc\\‘sp£l|tcl'stllltl lowering tlicactivity
lcc ceiling lroni the present $70.00
per year level to $50.00 per year.

llic lirst bill. S. 9038. concerning
the lundiitg ol newspapers; was iii-
troduccd by Senator .loltn Marchi
(RC-Staten Island). SASU int-
mediater contacted all ‘ student
newspapers. radio stations. student

government associations and gexé ‘

ecIItive *ol'licers ol‘_ the Vvariottl’

member schools and.‘a|ong with-the -

University Student Senate. SASU‘I
counterpart in (.‘UNY. convinced-

Scniiior Marchi to withdraw thebill. ,

the bill was on the Senate Calendar

for two weeks: il‘ it liiid reached the _
l‘loor. tlterc was an excellent chance .

il‘tt'utlld have passed. ‘l‘hrotigh the
combined cl'l'orts ol‘SAh‘U and USS.
the newspapers ol' the SUNY and
(‘UNY colleges were saved from
prospectit c bankruptcy.

S. 7855. introduced by Senator
()wcn Johnson (RC-llabylon) was
quietly introduced :indrcl'crred to
the Senate Higher Education Coni- ;
mittce. l he provisions ol‘this piece
o1 legislation were sufﬁciently vague
to not only propoSe the cutback ol'
the activity lee level. tht to do l‘acto
climitiittc mandatory student activi-
ty Ices. 'l his hill’was reported out of
the Higher Iiducation Committee
mid rcl'errcd to the Senate Finance
fonimittce on April 4 and remained
an iiititiiticttl danger from that Itio- '
meat on. Johnson‘s bill appeared on
the l-iIiIiIrce Committee‘s agenda
(chaired by Senator Marchi) during
lhe some time that the newspaper bill
was endangering SUNY students.
SASU contacted members of the
l‘lllilllCL' ('omtttittec as well as the
sponsor. and the committee stall.
illldlllilllllgud to postpoitc action on
the bill by the committee. 'With
lurther contacts by the SASU
legislative stall. the hill eventually
disappeared from the committee
agenda and never reached the llo_or.

   
    
   

  
    
    
 

'by' Milic Semi

llic lit‘cs illlli liitcsol'about-lStL-
000 young men surfaced here as
Ioruier Alltll'llc)'(icllcl‘lli Ramsey
(‘Iark spoke on Iiniucsty.

('lark. ll.S. Senntoriu'l ciiiididale
has called [or total amnesty for all
Vietnam AVIII‘ deserters. dt'al't
cvndcrs. kids who didn't register
tor the drnlt. mid plii‘ilil’e‘iu jail
because ol the Selective Seriicc
AC1.

Amnesty. deliiicd by tile
Supi'ciitc ('otirt means "abolition
:ind lttl'gcllttlltess ol the oll'cus'c."
llius (‘lark urged tltc l‘L‘lllttHli ol
"all disabilitiesaud records ol cott-
\iction tor all who hate \iolaited
the Selectiic Seriicc Act and for all
who deserted the military and

In” (M

Clark Discusses Amnesty

received less than lionoriible'tlis-
charges." ‘1

“Millions ol Americans are still
tit-cpl} Itllccted." by the Vietnam
\\:ir. "because ot loss or injury ltt’a
soil ' or because their sons are
tugititcs." said (lurk.

(‘lzirk licltct cs that total amnesty
would begin to heel the nation's
sensitite ‘\\ttlllltl.\. “the country
desperately needs :Itttuest) to case
lilL‘ siill'ermg. to shun ‘lllili the law
can be fiitttpasstoniilc:iiid work for
pence." said ("lurid lli: explained
that amnesty It'ltuld show that
“America is not alrIIid to lote its
stllls and ask them to come hontc
:Inil lotc_:tg:iitt." I

lltc power to. grant nutucstt‘ is

‘ continued on page eight

WHAT CA" were is 9131311130..“ YOU

*
*

 

*

$2.99 ROUND ROBIN SALE EVERY SATURDAY. . _
THE WIDEST SELECTION OF ROCK, FOLK, BLUES a. mu
IN THE AREA. '
THOUSANDS OF MANUFACTURER'S OYERSTocK LP'S
AT $1.99.
' LOTS OF BRITISH IMPORTS '
ROLLING STONE MAGAZINE
SPECIAL ORDERS TAKEN
THE LOWEST EVERYDAY PRICESIN TOWN.

QUAD. LP'S

WHAT MORE DO YOU NEED?
COME SEE US AT

‘84 Central Ave.
Albany, N.Y. 434-0085

Twenty Mull
Guilderland, N.Y. 456—8181

 

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1974

.........._...,._.____._._....._._.__._._ ...

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE FlVE

 

 

