 

, woodworking. ceramics. and‘minor home repairs.

any» more ySchool recently'announced,‘

yoreertifled eachert hatisthe Albany Com-
" chool? _ l. . » _ _

'lnx I972. several Albany area students decided that the

V _ i system had failed to satisfy their

onal needs. Because of overcrowded classrooms.

importantly. because students played no active

: if rown education. theseystudents wanted an
alternative program of education. ’ I

Now in its third year. the Albany Community School
A provides unalternative form of education. I y '

Essentially. the ACS,allows the students to.self-dtrect
his or her own education. The preplanned and
rcgimented courses of study offered in most public in-
stitutions do not exist in this school.

Before a course begins. the student and instructor meet
to decide what the course will entail. The objectives of
the course. and the manner of obtaining the objectives
are also discussed. If the student objects to some‘aspect
of the course. the course will be amended to his
satisfaction. Both the student and instructor also decide
how often they will meet for instruction.

ACS Curriculum -

The curriculum at the Albany Community School
contprises various courses depending upon the interests
of the students. The four basic subjects: English. Math.
Science and History are offered throughout the year.-
However. a student may elect not to participate in any of
them. i

Mt'ny college students think a free school cannot work
because unless the instructorassumes the major role of
organizing a course. there will be chaos.

In addition to its academic courses. the ACS offers op-
portunities for students to team ﬁlmmaking.

7 ' She's the kind of young girl that feels
lonely. Feels left out. Feels the whole
world is nhostile place. ‘ ._ .
The kind of girl who has crumbled
under the awesome pressures of a
disrupted home and an inconsistent
society. The adolescent girl who has
built a wait around herself and who
will never grow up emotionally unless
love breaks through to free her. ‘. 1'. .
The Sisters Or The Goat: Sitar-i
new who are religiously cor'nnlitted.
and professionally trained dedicate

v“,pt.mundinelnteimatlan.
marofﬂwqootisnepheno

' entire year. S

Chi spite of the informal atmosphere of all these courses.
the studenl's claim the classes are conducted'uiidcr a
more traniittil setting than—found‘in the public school
5 stem. ‘  $5,... _,
l’lfhe progress of each student is evaluated arconfereritlel
attended by parents. teachers and the studentsgradtn...

for all courses is pass-fail. ' . ;  ~ ‘

Although the school offers the same courses found in ‘
public schools. it has not been accredited by the N.Y._S.
Board of Regents. Therefore. no valid diplomas can be
issued to students when they graduate. Instead. most
students who attend the ACS take the equivalency test
when they reach age It). To aid in passingthe equivalency
test. many students gear their education to prepare
themselves for the test.

'l'uition depends on the ability of the students to pay.
'l'uition may range anywhere from SIOO to $1200 for the
ince the teachers work on it volunteer basis.
tuition covers the rental payment for the school and
utilities. The school was formerly a lawyer‘s oflicc.

flie school iilso offers Oriental Philosophy and
Political 'I'Iicory. which emphasizes anarchism. Marx-
ism. and radical theory. Writing courses llllt)W students
to express themselves in creative literature poetry and
drama.

Karl Vietel, a free school student. gave his reasons for
thinking the school can Work. He claimed that since most
students are a product of the traditional regimented
program of education. one couldn‘t expect students to
suddenly direct and control their own education. But.
when a student is exposed to a free education itt an early
age. instead of being thrown into one in college..thcreisa
good chance that he will effectively utilize hts‘ttine. Free
education will not be a shock to him in entering the few
colleges left with the pass-fail system.

themselves to guiding adolescent girls
who have personal. social. and family
difﬁculties.

As psychologists. child care and
social workers. teachers. nurses. rec-
reation leaders. and in other fields.
the sisters strive through love, under.
standing. and total commitment to
Christ to help these girls find them-
selves and God again.

‘06 you have a deep Interest In
other” Would you like more intor.
mutton on our Ipostolate of caring?

. , , .mu Ministerser y _
.lewaltiiiﬂlxm ' ru' j 'l I

 

 

 

 

LOVE IS

Love is a giving thingr-r

so give the gift of love???
. . .a Keepsake diamond ring.
Choose from perfect solitaires.
beautiful matched sets and trios.
Modern and traditional settings

in precious 14K gold. Keepsake. "
there is no finer diamond ring.

66 

li‘lt‘vlliiil w tittiitnvt IIAtZIitt tanv witth tilllii/vtttlv . one»: ‘
Find your Ito-puke anutaia in our yellow inqu or ("ill lieu BOO-2041mm to Calm non tub"

 

HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING
5‘1"“ "BW 20 no booklet. "Planning Your Ennaunrnont anti Wuittiinu nitr-
full color folder and M on Btldo'l Book gilt offer all for only (55¢ t H

mm- __ _ ,v .
Winn Prmtt

 

 

stu- , n

 

 

KEEPSAKE DIAMOND nmos. BOX so. svnAcuse. N v. 1320i

 

 

OCTOBER 8. 1974

 

by Sue Lebofl‘

Obscured by the massive facadeof .

the South Mail. a series of' small

blocks of rowhouses run nortli'éir‘

south and east-west between the mall‘

and Washington Park. This area cn- '

compasses Hudson atid Delaware
Avenues. and Hamilton and Dove
Streets.

Within these lilo-plus year old
houses existsthe most mixed bfcom-
munities: young,und old. singles.
couples. SUNY students. ex-SUNY
students. blacks. whit . and struggl-
ing families who dream of ii house in
Delmar or Colonic. But those who
wiin to stay have banded together.
|50 strong. into the Hudson Park
Neighborhood Association in it fight
against the decay of inner-city
neighborhoods.

It isa light against national trends.
economic interests. and tintc. its
landlords arc clamoring loudereVery
day tluit the neighborhood ought to
be torn down and replaced by expen-
sive housing and offices.

We went down to Hamilton Street
recently to speak with Gregg Bell.
who is on the If PNA Steering Coin-
mittee. We waited for him iii the
basement office of June Small Sati-
ford. who besides being a leader of
the Albany Women‘s Political
Caucus. Is treasurer of HI’NA.

We were talking politics with Ms.
Sanford when iii burst Mr. Bell. a
slight. intense young man who does
research in the State Department of
Mental Hygiene.

Mr. llell is a SUNYA alumnus.
and that was the lirst thing we asked
him about. "You wouldn‘t believe
this street." he said in it wondering
lune ol voice. "lt‘sjamnicd full ol‘old
Albany State people.“ (ircgg ap-
parently knows every person and
every building Ill ll twelve-block
l'iltlllls.

Speaking ol his old Stale days.
Ilcll snitl. "I was the first resident of
Johnson llnll. I lived at thc'l'ht'uway
Motel for the first three months of
my first semester. I wasn‘t very in-
volvcd. Istutlied. lniesseduround a
lot...I guess Ilikcd the school. Ithink
I‘ve learned as much since I‘ve
graduated as the tour years I spent
there. Which is really kind of limit/.-
ing. All about how cities work."

.lSl’: How did your group get
started?

I .. .
garland

‘,.———-_

f
“’3 g
‘. Jill v

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gregg: "Mike Howard in reporter
for the Washington Park Spiril) had
been doing a lot of checking of
demolition permits downtown. Hc
Iountl a permit for six buildings on
Hamilton Street big strong
buildings. It was in September of last
year. llelorc that we were it political
group. We organized at picket group
uiid ll meeting and got Mayor Cor-
ning to rescind the permit." The
buildings are still standing ~forlorn
looking. vacant and hazardous. but
still standing. Gregg insists they can
be rehabilitated “in an economically
feasible any.“

the big landlords iii the area.
Joseph and Richard (leri‘ity. feel
otherwise. Says .loc. the father. “I
bought tip 23 town houses. lwatited
to rehabilitate." Hut drtig addicts
and others vandalized the vacant
buildings. “We hoard it‘up. People
steal the boards. It's impossible to
rehabilitate it." So Mr. (icrrity
would like to tettrdown the buildings
and build new ones. but given the
depression in the housing industry.
this would be impossible even if the
Mayor would let him do it. Mr. (Jer-
i'ity admits.

the (ict't’ilys and the H PNA carry
on a lively adversary relationship. At
one point last spring. the HPNA
hauled the millionaire (ierritys iitto
“the grungicst police court in
A lbnny" to get them to clean upa va-

The lEtna College Plan?

ECAUSE

You can solve so many of your
future financial needs
right now!

Insurance protection for

Immediate Llfe
yourself

Ed Enderteln
Paul Barry

 

30 Wolf Rd. Albany. N.Y. l2105

A guarantee you can Increase It In the future

A guarantee the premiums wIIl be paid It
you suffer extended disablllty

.Automatlc protection for your femlly
A growing cash fund for emergencies
Deferred payment plan

And there's more in this plan specially de—
veloped for college men and women by one
of the world's largest insurance and ﬁnancial
organizations. For details contact:

 

Charles R. Paul
Lynn Hyche 0

LIFE ICASUALTY

4200
Alton Life Insurance Company. Hartford. Connecticut

OCTOBER 8. 1974

we:

cant lot. the fi'm/iinglmr Park
Spiril. which is piit otit by Lennie
Perlmutter.vvhois a memberof H P-
NA‘s steering committee. has
entered the fray with characteris-
tically partisan glee. On October 2.
I973. lIte Spit-ii reported. "If they get
their way in Ioning changes. (ierrity
and his associates stand to make an
incredible profit...liowever.
Albany‘s architectural. historical.
and. most importantly. human
resources would be sacrificed."

In a recent phone conversation.
Richard (ie ‘ity tli' on.cottntcred.
“we think ( ry iige hiis
architecture that 'ought to be
preserved. flint kind of building is
represented itll over the city.
Historically. if you‘re going to start
preserving entire slum areas. I think

it‘s couiitci'protltictivc."

lloth sitlesngi'ee that the situation
must be resolved either iii favor of
tear down or shore tip soon. or the
area will further deteriorate.

It is understandable that real-
estate men like the (lerrity‘s would
get starry-eyed at the thought of ow-
ning and developing the land urotnid
the capitol complex of New York
State. It is understandable that
(iregg Hell likes his neighborhood
and wants it to slay tip. ile gets
starry-eyed when he talks about the
325.000 grant that Hl’NrAvgot from
Washington iii order to'study tip-
tiuns in thearca. He is prottd that the
city and State. with HI'NA input.
has given much ol'tlic area the status
of “historic preservation distriﬂx',‘

, tuhllsllmettl

For? the iteering _  ‘
meeting. Gregg-ushered usaro d

* the block to choose that loo

more . like a Sl00.000 Brooklyn ..
Heights brownstone than a "slum."

Only Gregg. Lennie Perlmiitter. '
mid three others were present. It was
by all accounts a not very productive
meeting. ’l‘ulk ranged from what to '
do tiboutsome squatters HPNA is
helping to support (HPNA loves
squatters and hottlestetldet’s) to how
to keep MacDonald‘s ottt ol' the
neighborhood. to who makes the
best pie in Hudson I‘urk. 'I‘heydecid-
ed something must he done soon
about the squatters. but they didn't
figure otit \vhitt. Before they went
home. they chatted a little tiiore with
the .tSl'.

.-l.8‘l'.' it seems to me that it's not
only the Hudson Park Associiltion
\s. .lt)e(icl'l'll)‘. but the Hudson Park
Association \s. the vvtty the vvorld is
mm ing. becauseyou'retryingtositvc
middle income. single and two-
family houses in the center of the
city. and l vvontler if you have any
sort of sense of lighting destiny.

(from: I knovv a lot of people feel
that just because something‘sold. it's
bad. and therefore it ought to betorn
tltl\\ll. I know that‘s true. '| liedreuni
ot the house in the suburbs is still
pretty strong Iicre.

lltit there‘s a “hole nevi trend of
things happening. People vvlio live in
too IliItlscs like this use 50 percent of
the energy on the same standard of
thing its people iii the suburbs do.
We to not using ears as much.

So its long tis there‘s tilt energy
crisis. and its long as there's ll hous-
ing crisis. the people of lll’NA have
less to vvnrry itbtllllatli least iii terms

and seems ready to Ione‘for slitti1I-r of their goals tot"'tlieneighborhood.

Philadelphia Human Relatio'ns Commission
Finds Restaurant Owner Male Discﬁminator

(Cl’Sl-The Huntan Relations Com-
missions of Philadelphia has asked
for a $300 liiic against a posh
restaurant tiwticr who specified in
employment ads that he wanted to
hire only “beautiful young women.“
In a hearing before the commis-
sion. restaurant owner Harry Katy.
said that having beautiful women for
cocktail waitresses brought in more
paying customers and that the
women were entertainers first~lhc
dispensing of food and drink being
of secondary importance.
Nonetheless. the commission
found that Kat/.‘s ads were
discrimimitory-ugainst men. It tlicti
ordered hint to cease his “beautiful
women” lids and asked the
Philadelphia Law Department to
seek a $300 court line against hitn.
((‘l'Sl-llic country‘s first tinns-
American bicycle route is scheduled

for complettion in “Nb-coinciding
with the nation‘s bicentennial
celebration.

I'vvo rotitcsxcacli stretching from
the Oregon coast to Washington.
D.C. will primarily use existing back
roads and will skirt major cities. The
3.5llfl-milc trail is the brainchild of
four cyclists who have been
researching and charting the trail
this summer.

Beginning in May of I976. tours
will leave daily from both coastsiutd
it guidebook vvill be available listing
repair shops ftlltl pinpointing over-
night lodgings every 40 to ()0 miles.
the trip \\ill take approkimntely tit)
days lot a 'slovv‘ tuur (travellinng
in 50 miles per mm and half that
time lol' it 'lnst' tour.

lnlornuition may he obtained
It'tlttl llikcvecntcnnial '76. I’.(). Ilo.\
I034. Missotiln. M I. Slltilll.

 

IN JAMAICA
January 6-13

Montego Bay - NY.
7 nites at Doctor's

and Taxes

 

JANUARY VACATION

$ 325. *

Includes Round-trip Air, N.Y. -

Cave Beach

Hotel, Transfers, Sightseeing, Tips

Contact Ion Guttman (482- 1689)

* Per Person, Double Occupancy

((‘I’Sl-A Scottish nationalist failed
in his attempt to liberate the Stone-of
Scone lrotn \\'estminstcr Ahhcy'.
Hie \tllltlslttllt.‘ rock-450 pounds in
ucigln-vvns placed iii the abbey in
I920 as a token ol’Scotlisli subjuga-
tion to I-inglish rule. and according
to legend. it groans \v lien a legitimate
monarch sits oit it.

the 20 year old Scot. arrested by
police after an alarm sounded iii
Scotland Yard. evidently tin-
dcrestimtilctl the stone's “eight. it
vvns Itllllltl on top of a small folding
cart vvlucli find collapsed. llie stone
usually t'esls under the 700 year old
oak L‘ntonittlnn chair. used iii tlte
coronation ect‘eiituny tor monarchs.

"I Ins \\il\ not nnuttcmpled theft."
said It spokesman for the Scottish
llttllitlltlIhlIL' pnrty."but an
attempted removal. Ilie stone
belongs to Scotland."

 

Drive Our Cars
Free To Florldo,
Colifo'rnio and off
clties in the USA
AAACON Auto
Transport
69 Shoker Rood
. Terroce Apartment
Aldony, NlY. i
462-7471

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

must be 18 yoomol

PAGE FIVE

 

