    
     
 
   

 

.xg/‘ﬂ‘ a»: _..

 

 

 

  
     
   
 
       
       
      
         
      
 
          
          
       
      
   
   
    

    
   
       
     
    
      
       
     
    
     
    
    
    
      
     
     
    
     
  
 

It's the most spectacular music festi—
val to hit the tri-city area this year. And
since it’s a benefit for the loCal commit -
tees for mental health, everyone is being
encouraged to come in the following way:
Tickets are a mere $3.00 for a spot on the
lawn, $3.50 for inside the Saratoga Perform-

ing Arts Center. r
For your money you get a full Saturday

   

 
 
 

 
 
 

ntiuitntt
$3.10
tittriir at:

 

iir tiriirriis.

(starting at 2:00 in the afternoon) and Satur-
day night of good, live rock.

If there’s a better deal around this
weekend, we don’t know what it could be.
Saturday, September 14th at the Saratoga
Performing Arts Center. Come early for
the best seats . . . free tee shirts for the first
400 people.

 

 

BUJI'IUVSTER CULT
SKIET'I'RHTH‘S KEN lVON&TOMBSlONE
omnh‘fumiimw'm
W V V0305"
IMHIIIYMWoﬂvdaﬂm-

 

 

   

 

daz- ' “ﬁg w ' Monm'

 

 

 

 

   

. y . .. - . 5 "V m ‘
All the‘perfo’mn have olbumOri Colombian-cordon

 

 

o-mi-nﬂ my. rum-tin a

 

Also mitt-bio on lap. ’

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 

Guilty of Noise?

Iﬁ’l'o the Edltt‘ir:

There are seemingly countless student

: involvement groups that are all ititerested in

solving and analyzing our communities.

'. nations. and even the world‘s problems. btit

vou need not go any further than our campus

 to hear this very serious problem: Most:

Pollution.

N -' pollution is practically everywhere.
and why shouldn‘t it be when so many
sttideiits itot only have mere radios and tape
cassettes. biit more importantly. aiiiplilicrs
and loudspeakers the si/e of cabitiets. (.‘ci'tain-
ly eteryone has the right to listen to music. liiit
this right should not extend to inli'ingc upon
the rights iil others. It is one thing \iIicn a slit-
tlcnt uses his amplifiers for his personal use.
but it is another thing when literally hundreds
oi other peopletireat the some little lieing forc-
cd to listett also.

the situation is lurthei complicated nlicn
another inconsiderate stitdcttt decides to
"titer-play" his loiidsp 'tlkct s at the sometime.
to make tliissituaiion complete. we lltt\ e liiiii-
dreds iil stttdcnts play ing their radios. stereos.
attd tape cassettes lotid etioitgli so people in
the surrounding area can easily beat. llic
result is no lotigei music: it‘s noise,

llie iiltci'iiatii cs to this problem are simple;
ettlier the person him is beiitg blasted by the
noise can turn his ti\\ll iiitisic on todroiin out
the noise. oi tie can all start to he more con-
\ltlcl‘tllC. |lic lirst alternatiic is last making
the pioblein worse so iie iiiiglil as well look to
the second one. the sitiiple iisc ol earphones
o! i'ttl'lacks can cut doiin on the o\crall noise.
lint simply keeping dotin the minute to your
non llsc is the best oierall solution.

l'itl‘llttps too don't consider noise pollution
ll seiiotis problem. Deafness is the ultimate

 

Viewpoints :

effect of noise pollution. but remember there
are an infinite number of levels of hearing im-
pairments that one can have. Noise pollution
causes anxiety and tension. and unlike
deafness. it takes no time for these reactions to
appear. Students here have spoken to the Stu-
dent Heiilth Service about the continuous
noise during the night. and courtesy hours (It
l’M-7A M) have t inally been established;but it
is' tip to_ the students to enforce not only this
policy bill also It) master the entire noise
problem here at Albany State.

llarrv l'o.\

 

 

 

Ramsey Whats-his-face and

by Michael Mend
News IIt‘llI.’ 9/5/ 74 "Runner ('lar/r buns
lo IlI‘HI Israelis [U the 'I'ccl/i."

i used to think that Ramsey Clark was
a one titan. lie hits always come over as a
iirtual paragon of articulatcness.
Iiiiniancness. and virtue. Why he‘s the
sort of guy N be proud to marry (that‘sa
joke. son). However. in light oi his just-
released Senatorial campaign position
paper on the Middle-East. l have r ‘thllL'tl
the conclusion that somebody must ha\c
pitt inescaltnc in his favorite martini mix.

I had hoped that liberal candidates
would have at least learned from (ieorge
McGovern‘s aborted presidential catn-
paigii that you cannot run a platform
based on restoring the faith and con-
l'ideiiCe of the people in the system unless
your positions on issues are consistent
with that noble theme.

As to Ramsey Clark specifically
whether he likes it or not his pttblic image
is that of an arch-dove. Good old R.('.
spoke against the war and went to Hanoi
and people remember him favorably or
tuitagonistically for those actions. Conse-
quently. when lie makes rash
hallucinagenically induced statements
about the Middle liast that could have as
easily eniitiated from the motitli of
(icorgc C. ’alton one can't help lint
wonder whether he is playing with a lull
deck. the immediate implication ol'sucli
1‘ Position is to noticeably enhance the
argument against ILC. in particular and
liberal candidates in general that. rather
than being botiafied alternatiw- In Ili-
status quo. they are just so man. ‘».s it

SEPTEMBER 10, 1974

politicos. Strategically then. R.(‘. would
be no worse oil it hewcrc walkingaround
the South Shoreol Long Island with aii"|
like latch.“ button.

llti\\‘t:\t.'l'. my raneor towards R.('.'s'
sally through llttxlcy"s Doors of l’ercep-
tioit itiiis much deeper than mere lt‘us‘lra-
tioii touai‘ds and condemnation iif itii iii-
anc tactical decision, ()ititc iii the con-
trary. l geiiiniiely believe that R.C. has
taken aii L'Hl irrational staiice oti one of
the urgent issues facing contemporary iii-
tertiatioiial relations. I would have
thought that R.C.. a commissioned five-
star tlt)\C. would have been required by
statute to have retained a bare modicum
of lllsllltg knowledge from ourdisgrace in
Vietnam. Apparently. such is not the
case. lly any of gitiditig the morally ob-
tusc. lltc lesson that i had hoped would
have been poutidcd into histliick political
skull “as that one cannot hopetoachieve
lasting peace while incessantly preparing
Ior uai, l’arentlietically. perhaps one
can‘t aclncic lasting peace by disarming
either. but since we've never seriously
tried that approach 1 relusc to concede
the point.

In any case. \vhatctcr happened to all
those cogent. classic arguments that per-
iadcd liberal tliotiglii Ill the biblle deal-
ing \iitli sncli concepts as "the mad
iiioiiiciiiitiii ol the arms race"? What
hecanieol the fact sheets pointing out the
\'tiste aiul destruction. the insatiin of
up s‘ﬁ billion worn of American
nun~ tir‘ is each yeai into Vietiiani'.’
 t.l .ill the cleicr analyses go

.t netl examination of the
..tn..tilc tl.i'.l explicitly proved that to

litttltt

WW...”

  

I Wax Column Cruel '

To the Editor:

I feel that i must comment on KenWiix‘s
coltinm “Castle‘s burning" on September 6th.
to it he made‘a rather vicious eiiil stereotype
by labelling till pampered. rich girls JAI"s
(Jewish American Princesses). I don't know
liou he eier got the idea tltiit his comments
uerc cleter. I think they were downright
malicious.

it‘s not lair to ytttegtil'l/e a pampered stu-

dent as belonging to a particular ethnic or
racial group. lliai‘s the cqttiialent in cruelty
to callingan italiau a “\iop"ora black person
a “nigger” or.pist as bad as callinga black man
"boy " .
Whatever Mr. Was may Icelaboiit a certain
kind of beliai Ittl‘. ll uoiild bebettert'orhimto
ioicc Ins disapproial of thatpartictilni' kind of
lietiaiior by describing it asan action in itself.
in eliaiacteri/e II as a product ol'ii particular
etluuc group is bigoted.

lI any til you lctltlels‘ltl‘t' uondering why the
mold is insuch a mess. Mi. Wa\‘s column can
sllti\\ by diicct e\aniple the kind of ct'tiel aiid
bigoted thinking which has left its \iitli the
piohleins \\i.‘ hate today.

  

('aiol ()lsott
\\ a\ Replies:

litiink ltiiay liaic been misinterpreted. And
since he heard It limit a couple of people. it
appears the latilt is llllllL‘.

|;ii be It lioiu |ll_\ intention to talk -a snipe
.it .tll\ ethnic gioiip, Really. My interests
ulieu Ill \iiiting ate litiinor. not bigotry.

l sought not to peipcttalc any stereotype.
and simply chose to mention .lAI's bceatise of
its cllccl. tunnniess-iiisc. in the article.
l‘cihsips Itlil simply. and to anyone who “as
.uinotcd. l apologi/c.

\nd. the trtttli he told. lliiiica pan of pants
“till a btickle iii the back.

'Fight Right-to Life

lo IIM' I-.ditur:
\ly lttlshlllltl. William L'olgan. is iiitolicd in
a loin-nay llcmocratic Congressional(U5.

One of liisoppiiacntsiii Ed Golden it in I
chairman. founder. and past pre. cutof
Rigln-I‘o-IJI'e. an organization dedicated to

  
  

 

    

  
 

  

abolishing:legaliaed abortion. Golden has,

conic oii very strong in the last few weeks. yind
revealed last week that $4.500 of his $7.000
campaign lititd citine directly from two local
ltiglil- I o-l.ilc oi'guni/ations. My husband hits
raised only SLSUO. in mostly $5. sin. and $25
contributions lrom individuals. 'l'licotliertwo
candidates in the race. Ned 'atlisoa iind Joe
Martin. lune also pledged to spend $2.000
lllil\lllll|lli for the primary nice.

Not only are my husband and I apprised to
abolishing ‘ ilegali/ed iibortion. but we feel
any special interest group. \iliether oil colit-
paiiies. milk producers. or Right-ind ife.
sluiiild not be able to buy a Congressman. If
this man wins the Congressional race. Right-
lo-l.i|c iiill have a potterlul adiocate when
abortion laii amendments come tip in L'on-
gl‘ess iic\t year.

\s a last iiinittic cllort to reduce (iolden's
support. \\L' are handing out pamphlets stip-
poiiing my husband outside iil polling places
on ptunaiy day. We badly need people to
handout letlllL‘lstill liicsday. Sept. ltl. lroni-t
p.m. to ‘) phi.

t’ \\ \tilt ill I l".‘ ti yotican. pleascnicet

me Ill lioiit til the binary on eainpiisat .l-.i:.itl
pat. on litesilay. Sept. It).

iszitliy t'olgan

tiiadtiatc School ol hitcttll \\ cllat'i:

Under l8: Lectures

lo the Ittllllll'.

In your attic - on the contraception clinic
you said its set'iices tile open to all students.
lliis isnot ttiic. A person iiiidci lit may not at"
tiially use these sert ices. the reason for this is
understood: llti\\c\ct'. tiiittl non the clinic has
not made this clear. Anybody under to aim
goes there “1” be giieu a lecture on the
methods of contraception. bill “I” iioi actual-
ly lie gneii anything.

Joyce l-eigenhauin

Drums Along the Mississippi

the extent ac and the Soviets have
stepped up oiir arms shipments to the
Middle Izast the region has become iii-
creasuigly volatile‘.’ Perhaps the Clark
stall has been too btisy doing some
serious ether imbibing with llutitcr
llioinpsoii to worry about such sub-
tleties.

Ramsey Clark. if you truly support this
inflammatory policy 01 further mindless
cscalntioii in the Middle liast. then you
are qtiite platiin a moral hypocrite. You
have no right to proselyti/e the scared
caitsc of peace it with your every gar-
rtilotis breath you do nothing but fun the
flames of war.

Ali. bttt lknou. itsditlcrcnt iiiilic Mid-
dle liast. llie |srtie|icatisc.as opposed to
our cause lll Vietnam. isa ‘lUst one. To me
that is a mine judgement that several
million Arabs might care to take issue
“till. it ll weren't for the fact that people
of Arabic background represent an iti-
signtlicant voting block in New York
State. tl is not inconceivable that RC.
niiglii be singing a different time.

.‘ioitdon‘l get me wrong he “nose I am
tcriaiti an excellent case can be made for
either the Arab or lsi'acli side of the dis-
ptitc. liovi‘cicr. the point i am trying to
make is that in hotly contested issues of
.tliis soit there are rarely. if ever. fitti-
danieiilitl answers to the question of
right iicss or wrongness. All I know is that
we will never have peace iii the world for
any length of time if in the name of some
righteous cause everyone can arm his pet
nation to the teeth, this interrelated
world in which we live has too many
nations and too many pets and certainly

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS?

doesn‘t need any more teeth. Ramsey

('lark'. lftilll‘l‘n)‘ perspectiic yoti‘ic set a

bad ctanipl 'and iii your aim tiiitliiiikiiig

\tay hate badly damaged the cause of

world peace.

Min-s lie/u; 9/4/ 74 "Alan I’M/mini: Io
Him a l'I't'.\ft/t'lllftl/ 'l'i’t'lti'I"

(Al') "lhc National Knights of the
KKK ended their annual contention
Monday \\llll an announcement that in
[970. for the lirst time in its history. the
gioup \ioiild run a Presidential catt-
didatc. James R. Veiiable. the imperial
iii/aid ol the National Knights. said the
group had selected Dale Reusch. 35 years
old. of l.odi. Ohio. as its Presidential
nominee."

(Lite Maga/ine 4,23 ()5) "I got it
daughter. she's I‘) years old. i love my
daughter. but il i ever find her with a
nigger. I‘ll take my gun and I‘ll blow tier
brains right otit ol her head." (Raymond
(‘rantord - exalted cyclops. KKK. North
Carolina.

i hate been prurienily interested in the
K K K eyci‘ since I did a research paper on
theni Ill Watt. At the time the"‘lieiitlin
boomer boys of (loud Ole N‘Alabamtt"
were clearly on ilie run as their current
(irand listilted Shithead. Ronald
Shelton. \ias abotit to take a little cruise
up the I'l\t.‘l' (and I don't mean as in
Siiaiteei for contempt of Congress and
income tax evasion.

If there eier has been a group that
dared to wallow in the black sordid
depths of the Aiiiei'icttn psychological
sink. it is the Klan. their history is
fascinating. ludicrous. and patently
obscene.

PAGE NINE

 

   
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
 

     
 

   

 

'cuu

   

