  

 

  

  
  
 
   
    
    
      
     
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
    
 
   
    
  
  
       
 
     
    
  
 
  
 
  
  
     
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
      
    
     
 
     
    

 

      

_ peraterseVénty-fiiieLpercent of’
_ srail miles,” said New York’s";

the",

‘9 r' 'Coinh‘iissioner of Transportation, Ra’yi"

mond,T.. Schuler recently: "They are
unablé'to pay for repairs‘and im—
provements on their tracks, passenger
cars, freight cars, and other equip-
ment. Without» help, we’ll see fewer
passengers served more. uncomfor-H
tably and less freight hauled more‘ex-
pensively. Eventually they'll collapse
completely." ‘
The’:li‘egislature has voted to place
the “Rail Bond Preservation Act"
which calls torﬂapproximately $250
million to be raised. The total cost of the
Bond Act, including interest, would be

. $482.5 million—or about $13.4 men a

Yeah

The bond funds will join Federal
money and small amounts of other
state money making a total of more
than $800 million. The bond money
would be seed money for the Federal
funds.

The act specifically excludes men-
tion of funds for improvement and
maintainance of inner-city rapid tran-
sit lines, funds for the stabilization of
subway fares or improved subway ser-
vice. The Act is only geared toward the
improvement of inter-city service,
such as the Empire Service (AM-
'l'HAK's' New York-Albany-Buffalo
line). .
Themonies are to be used toward
reconstruction of rail lines that have
fallen into disrepair due to neglect.
Gradings, the sections where
highwayscross, are supposed to be im:
proved for‘speed and safety. Over— .
passes are being planned to supplant
gradings where it makes sense to
separate rail and highway traffic en-

 breathes“ in the ~
 hr: superbankrupt. . 795:

 

 

 

; To 1 promote and assure the
preservation ,1 and rim rove-
ment,‘ “ofmessentia V
passe'n gee-ran ‘d freight services
to the inhabitants of the state,
shall secti‘on‘ two of chapter
one hundred and eighteen of
the laws of—nineteen'hundred
and seventy-four, known as
the rail preservation bond act
of nineteen hundred seventy
four authorizing the creation
of a state debtin} the amountvof
two hundred and fifty million
dollars ($250,000,000) for

rail

 

 

tirely.

On the top of the priority list for the
bond money are the 1875 miles of
lines which the Federal Government
has called “potentially excess." Rails

given this designation are subject to

abandonment at some future time by
the Federal Government unless the
State can show that the classification is
no longer warranted. These "potential-
ly excess” lines are generally those
who provide service to the rural cities
and towns, many of whose industries
depend on the continuation of some

Eapital facilities ‘be approved

fashion of rail service.

Officials of the State Department of
Transportation point out that if those
miles of rails are abandoned, the
freight that would be transferred to

truck transport would increase costisi

some 2.3 million; The Departmentsays
that the rails could be operated at an
$18 million profit if funds could be

I found to improve the condition of the

tracks and interchanges.

The state speculates that $43.5 I

million will be lost in local tax revenues
by businesses that will be forced to

close if the branch lines feeding otfthe
major tracks are abandoned. lobe
would theoretically be lost and un-
employment would consequently in-
crease. ‘

Proponents of the Bond ‘Act say that
if all the funds that they expect will be
generated for the program are raised,
"the rail program'will generate more
than 28,000 man-years of employment
and structure a $4.5 billion boost in
New York's economy."

The Long Island Railroad (LIRR) is
another recipiant of bond money it the
act is passed by the voters. The line,
called the greatest in the nation by
former Governor Nelson Rockefeller,
would be improved (a task which
Rockefeller said was completed—just
before his 1970 re-election bid).
Among the improvements scheduled
for the harried commuter line are
modernization of the passenger
coaches, improvement of parking lot
facilities, and completion of track
repairs.

The inclusion of the word "rail"
makes this bond issue different from
those of previous years. The last act,
defeated in 1972, was termed simply
the ‘Transportation Bond Act}? The
defeat may have been due to voter
suspicion that money promised for the
improvement of rail and mass transit
facilities somehow would manage to
be redirected into the construction of
new highways. -

Noticeably absent from this year's
act is the phrase "highways and other
transportation facilities" which served
as a loophole to route most of the
money towards the highways rather
than towards the railroads.

W

The issue has to pass the voters by a
simple majority.

 

 

 

PAGE 1019

r witILBANY .sruosnrxpasss V

i 7 OCTOBER 22, 1974

we... Staab

To sclve the radical problems facing _
New Yorkers, the "alternative parties"

' in this year's gubematorial race are

x

proposing radical solutions. In addi-
tion to "within the system" reforms as
offered by the Democratic and
Republican Parties, these parties take
the further step of attributing many of
the present social evils to faults in-
herent in American government itself.

It would bonder on absurdity to
suggest that the issues to which parties
address themselves can be sufficiently
summarized in an article of this length.
Alternative party platforms are based
on complex and widely differing
historical and, moral perspectives. To
understand them demands a detailed
and careful study by anyone sincerely
interested in government.

At first glance, the scope of analysis
and the range of possible solutions
offered by these parties is so far ex-

   

Tuceille, who says he‘doesrn’t expect.

to be elected governor, has insteadlihe '

goal to garner the 50,000 ‘ votes
necessary to put the FLP permanently
on the state ballot. , . v
Tuccille's campaign centers around .
the issues of inflation, the decentraliza-
tion of state government, and the
decriminalization of . "victimless
crimes""such as prostitution and the
use of marijuana. He claims his party is
"reaffirming the values of Tom Paine
and Thomas ‘lelferson." . .
The Free Libertarians, in view of their
modest goal, have attempted to get as
much exposure as possible through

'the news media. On October 11, Tuc-

cille dramatized his campaign here in
Albany when he accompanied sup—
porters carrying a large cardboard box
pyramid down Washingtown Ave.
near the Capitol. The demonstration
was staged in protest of the huge state
expenditure on the South Mall. Con-

Tucilla demonstrates against the inequities of the system.

panded beyond that of the "Big Two"
parties that they appear disjointed and
confused. However, a tenet can be
found that is common to all of the
"alternatives": they want government
run in the interest of the people (no
matter what they call them: the masses,
the workers, the common man) rather
than for powerful and influential
minorities.

Beyond this, their differences are
great.

There are six "alternative" can-
didates on the state's gubernatorial
ballot this year: Jerome Tuccille (Free
Libertarian Party), Derrick Morrison
(Socialist Workers Party), lose
Ristorucci (Communist Party), lohn
Emanuel (Socialist Labor Party), Anton
Chaitkin (Labor Party), and Wayne
Amato (Courage Party). A brief look at
three of these candidates might help
clarify what alternative candidacy
means.

Jerome (Jerry) Tuccille, the FLP canv
didate, i537 yearsold, isdescribed asa
writer and teacher from 'l'arrytown,
New York in his campaign literature.
'He is the author of 'three books on
political philosophy, and has con-
tributed work to The New York Times,
the Wall Street Journal, and The» M ~
tion. among others.This is his (its! 70.1-
ture into elective politics.

OCTOBER 22, 1974,

fusing historical allusions, Tuccille
characterized former governor Nelson
Rockefeller as being like "a Roman
Emperor" using "slave labor" to build
the Mall.

Similarly, he set up a roulette wheel
in frontof Gov. Wilson's New York City
office to dramatize the FLP‘s plank to
legalize gambling in the state. At a
"Hotdog Demonstration" in frontof city
hall in New York City, free franklurters
were given away with "8% cutoff" and

 

They Want government. run in
the interest of the people; ' .
(no (inatter what-th ey Callth' em: 7
the masses, the” workers, . the '
“common man) rather than
for the powerful and

influential minorities.

 

L

put in a basket for "the politicians" in
protest of the "hotdog tax".

if Tuccille were elected, he would
attempt to make some radical changes
in New York State. He would try to
treeze state expenditures and
systematically lowerthem each year in
order to lower taxes. Drug use would
become legal as a 'Shilosophical point
that "no actions taken with the consent
of all parties concerned should be it—
legal" as well as a practical way to take

, an unnecessary burden off of law en-

forcement agencies so they could

{solve violent crimes. .

" Thé Socialist Workers'l’arty takes a
different approach to the campaign.
Their candidate is Derrick Morrison,
27,a staftwriterfor the party newspaper,
The Militant. less is said about
Morrison in the SWP's literature than
about the party's platform. The SWP is
apparently less concerned with per-
sonalities than with issues.

The SWP platform, unlike the FLP, is
replete with national and international

‘ issues. it is borne out of a strong reac-
tion to inflation, Watergate, and racial
and sexual discrimination. Starting
from the belief that "the present
government cannot simply be cleaned
up", the SWP would, if given the oppor-
tunity, "reorganize America on a
socialist basis" by "replacing" the in-
stitution of government.

The dominating philosophy of the;
SWP is intensely humanist. The main
effect of many of their policies would
be to end the grossest effects of social
inequality. To solve the most pressing

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

. ._.....

?.

 

4i.

problems of the poor and minorities,
jobs would be provided "for all" while
interim unemployment compensation
would be set "at union wage scale".
They would attempt to “launch a crash
program with federal, state, and city
lunds to provide decent housing,
schools, hospitals, recreation centers,
and jobs in the ghettos."

On the national level/the military
budget would be eliminated and the
"tmth abouth the energy crisis" would
be exposed, Constitutional rights of
privacy would be strictly enforced.The
SWP calls for sweeping changes in
America‘s political and economic
values. '

lose Ristorucci, the Communist Par-
ty candidate, is described as an activist
in the Puerto Rican community and a

former, trade union organizer. Their '

platform is almost identical to that of
the SWP. They, too, would try to
prosecute and convict Richard Nixon
for his role in the Watergate scandal,
but, additionally, they want new elec-
tions. They would also try to "expand
trade with the Soviet Union and all
Socialist countries, thus creating
thousands of jobs while reducing the
threat of war." One campaign leaflet
states, ‘They see socialism as the solu-
tion that can completely meet the
needs of the people."

Getting votes is, of course, important
to all alternative parties, but, since they
are aware at their negligible chances
of winning the gubernatorial election,
disemmation of their ideas is their most
crucial short:range_goal.

 

 

      
        
      
 

