 

 

by Sandy Etienbogui
.Ind’Metta-a Coast '

This column isdevotcd to “essing and fressing.“ We rarely find a restaurant
where we can do both. But Calsolaro‘s (Washington and Northern Avenues)
otters good food in enormous quantities at a reasonable price.

the range of food offered on the menu is extensive. from sandwiches. to
steaks and chops. to Italian specialties, and pasta. It is the latter two
categories that'we will discuss. .

Calsoluro‘s serves pasta in a wide range of shapes. including gnocci.
cavatelli. and ravioli. The least expensive listing is rigatoni in tomato sauce
($2.00) and the highest priced is iinguini with clam-sauce ($3.00). The tomato
sauce is delicious and can be purchased for 51.25:: pint. 'l‘he spaghetti dishes.
listed separately on the menu. are interesting and well worth ordering. they
range irom $2.00 for spaghetti with butter or tomato sauce. to $4.00 for a
tapping of ball a chicken or Spaghetti Caruso. We sampled the latter. a tasty
combination of spaghetti with tomato sauce. chicketi livers. wine.
littttiltrtittmgrllttd cheese. served iii a casserole. Imaginative preparations like
this elevate spaghetti from the Chef-Boy-Ar-Dee level into good eating.

L'tilsolaro‘soft'ers a number of Italian specialties which range in price from
$3.00 to $4.50. Each comes with a potato and vegetable or your choice of
spaghetti. linguini or rigatoni. We sampled egg plant parmigiana ($3.00) and
were disappointed. It was too soft and overcooked to hold its shape or main-
tain any crunch. In contrast. the chicken eaeciatore ($4.50) was tcrill’ic! lt
consisted of half a chicken cooked in sherry along with a plentiful array of

favor.

 §. v

  ind blower oil litigate-ring is' 

what the advertisemeitt-‘read. and a:
mind bkiwer-of an evening it was.

“Nikon Presentslmpressionsofl’orr
tugat and Spain" was the official ti-

.‘tle. , I felt as if I sit touring there two

countries. ‘~ the photography: was '

magnificent and »‘the music. ap-Z

pmpgbtte. f‘learnedr more about the

e > a 0 r0 8 r omema . . uce
V mushrooms (canned).  pepper and pieces of tomato. the pasta served
on the side afforded a good contrast in texture. and the wine lightened an
otherwise strong flavor scheme.
I’liiin. cold. but crusty Italian bread is served on the side. One can also
order garlic bread which conveniently comes by the slice (20c). The garlic
bread managed to be soft on the inside even though cooked alone.
Calsolaro's also serves pizza. which is reputed to be quite good. A very
small. plain pilltt costs 5 t .50. $2.25 with I extra; and a slightly larger pie costs
$2.00. $2.75 with I extra. In any case. the excellent tomato sauce is in its

tiic service at Calsolaro‘s is rapid. the waitress came to take our order
three times before We were ready. Our food was brought quickly; indeed.
suspiciously so. llut with Rose Ciilsolaro herself supervising the kitchen. it
arrived hot and lresh tasting nevertheless.
Ctilsolaro's is open- luesday through Sunday from 8 am. to 9 p. in.
Other Culinary Delights?
Various people time advised as to try the 3 S‘s Restaurant. located at Jud-
son and 2nd Streets. It was reputed to have excellent food at incredibly low
' prices. We did find low prices as promised (pizza Sl.25; fish. baked potato.
salad and breiid til .80: soup 25c) but do not consider the fo'od or the 8-block
trip train the bustine to be worthwhile. The food is not much bettertlian that
served in the dorms. and it is painstakingly measured into servings. the am-
hicncc however. was warm anti comfortable: most ol‘theeustomers knew the
waitress by lirst name and seemed to Iiave been coming regularly I'orycars.

two countries in one hour of sitting
and observing than I did: in years of
history classes. ‘l’he two
photographers were able to catch the
beautiful. tranquil sad. and happy
life of a country and its people.

g...—

i was sitting in the cc Iiiiltroom‘.

with Jtargescreens in front ot'meand

‘ stereo sound blasting away. Slides
:were tading in and out on the screen

in tempo with the music. I saw
beaches. fisheries. towns. and cities.

I Most significantly. the people of

these landsuntolded before my eyes.
The slidescame to life. I saw a proud
people caring tor their land and
possessions. i saw a tired people.
tired troin their labors and tired
from living. lsaw asporting people.
screaming tor their favorite
bulllighter to put an end to the bull‘s
lite.

this is Spain and Portugal. lfcel
as though he been there. As I said
above. the photography was
bcattttltil. Some shots looked like
paintings. and all were colored
beautllttlly. What they all had in
coiiiiiioti was their reality. These
two countries the exquisite and they
hate interesting cultures.

lite two expert photographers
spttht.‘ to the group and answered
questions at the end of the slide
show. I

 

i think we're all boxes on this bus
how can you be in two places at once

don hicks & the hot licks «original recordings

dovid bromberg — david bromberg

leonord cohon - songs of loonard cohen
songs of love 8 hate

firesign‘ theatre - don't crush that dwarf , hand me the pliers
waiting for the electrician, or (someone like him

V INTRODUCING,
AMERICA’S FIRST 75¢ PIECE
These albums are now on sale for $2.99

(but that’s only for the first one)

byrds -- sweetheart of the rodeo
notorious byrd bros.
younger than yesterdov
mr. tart‘ibourine man
tom rush - tom rush
wrong end of the rainbow
oI kooper -- i stand alone
tai mahal .. to] mahal
boz scoggs - moments

 

get the 2nd for $2.74 got the 3rd for $2.49

hero's a quarter
to, use on your 2nd album hero's 50¢

to use on your third album

 

get the 4th for $2.24

. hor 75¢
to use on' your 4th album

 

get the 5th, 6th, 7th
(on 8. on) for $1.99

that's good on your 5th

hero’s a dollar

album _& on

 

 

 

coupon valid till 11/15/74

d..“.w“._ .,  m  ddvcentralaoo.atbany

 

 

PAGE 8A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

NOVEMBER 8, 1974

‘ . ~ Playboy. rant.

Molo Domination

To‘ttic Editor:

A tetterappeared in the ASP recently from
a self-declared liberated male who has ap-
parently also appointed himself defender-at-
large of the college bookstore. His argument
seems to be that ifwe all liberate ourselves. we
will overcomeourdisgust at seeing people sex-
ually exploited. A basic pretnise to this would
be that women and men ureexploitcd equally.
Is this the case? Will our self-appointed expert
on "women’s identity problems” ever lose con-
sideration for a job because women have suf-
fered through the sexistcretinism of "beauty"
contests and other associated crap which men
have never experienced. A sharp contrast ex-
ists between the exploitation of men and that
of women  no matter how many copies of
l'ltti‘,gii'lttre sold. men can not be oppressed in
our society the way women arel!

Is this apologist for I’lttt'lmy, l’t‘ilI/ititin't'.
()iti. ctc.. trying to elicit some sympathy from
us for the hard struggle he has faced in
"liberating" himself.which is manifested in the
looks he gets at the check-out counter when he
buys l’lqt'girl!‘ I could cry  I‘m not denying
that men suffer some form ol'oppression. but
can it be compared with thousands of years of
patriarchal society. or used as a distorted
nitionalimtion for the sale ol'magazines intent
on making profits by appealing to the sexist
desires of people —A feelings which view fellow
human beings as pieces ofth rather than in-
dividuals with unique consciousnesses‘!

So. to answer our “liberated” mate's
problem ot'not seeing where Ms. McNamara
gets off trying to censor the public. let's take
into account that we live in a male-dominated
society; the sale of material exploiting women
contributes to this sexism. and cannot be com-
pared to the exploitation men may suffer
through the distribution of magazines like
qurgirl.

I will close by restating something Ms. Mc-
Namara wrote initially: Do you think the
bookstore would sell blatantly racist
publications?! ‘

Tommy Scherbenko

Selling a Mentality

'lo the Editor:

This regards Ronald Waite's reply to my
letter.

l’ltrt‘lurt'. l’t‘ttl/ttiil.\'t' and other magazines
like them degrade and prostituteall women
not only the women inside them- «because
their publishers are selling more than just
magazines. they are selling a mentality. an
ideology where women exist for the pleasure
of men. l’htt'lmy makes no attempt to tilde
this. calling itself “entertainment for men."
And just what is the playboy playing with if
not women?

ladmit that it's hard for me to point out the
sexism in Playboy because it seems so obvious
to me but I‘ll try to givea few examples. What
kind of image of ‘women is Playboy setting
with their cartoons of cave women being
dragged by their hair by men? it Playboy
wants to show "beautiful pictures of the
human body.” why are the models posed so
twsihgly (and by the way. untilu few years ago
Playboy models had to_shave or hide their
pubic hair—wasn't it feminine or "beautiful"
enough?)

Yes. I am "naive" enough to believe that on
one level or another most men see women as
potential lays. This fact II constantly brought

‘ home to me every time 1 step outside alone

having to worry if I am going to face verbal or
physical harassment by men~when going

,, NOVEMBER 3, 1974

'\\'i|l deal with my oppression.

mentality but they“_ 4
We 'tieea women in "teach-ﬁlth“ just

‘ waiting to eervea’nd‘entertainmen Indpcople

wondcr where‘rape comes from. Juetnhiiik
about rape fora minute—it‘s pretty sick—and
isn‘t it odd that we never hear about women
raping men? -

It won‘t stoop to low as to question your sex-.
uat identity ( I couldn't given shit) but twill sav,

that I don‘t get mine at the expense of other
people.

In it way I am creating a double standard. I
am a woman ina male dominated society and I
If men feel
degraded by Vii-rt or Playgirl they should light
it and do something about it. However. since
men have little trouble getting heard in this
society. I have every confidence in theirubility
to handle it}, (And I would support them.)

As far as censorship is concerned. I see a
great difference between not selling degrading
magazines and censorship. I think that the
parallel I drew between sexism and racism is
pretty valid. It isn‘t censorship il'a store has
the decency not to sell sexist magazines.

the main point l'm trying to make is that
these magaxines are selling a mentality—an
image of women that is thrown back at them
constantly»you don‘t have to be a Playboy
bunny (and just think about that word for a
minute if you still doubt the nature of
Playboy) to be victimized by the “Playboy
philosophy“ Hefner‘s term. not mine.

Nancy McNamara

No Offense Intended

To the Editor:

As a reviewer of the Cicely Tyson perfor-
mance. I would like to reply to the letters
criticizing my article and me! Aside from be-
ing culled shortsighted and ignorant. l have no
quatmsabout Ms. Bodner‘s letter. lagreethat
Ms. Tyson is a line actress and line person. I
also watched Miss Jane I’ittman and Ialso en-
joyed it. Ms. Tyson was portraying a role that
showed the plight of black people. Ijust feel
that she came to us to speak and perform.

i wanted to see her perform as an actress,
not as a black actress. When I hear a Jewish
actor or actress spwk I don‘t expect them to
read about the atrocities or anti-semitism that
oeeured during the Second World War. This
plightol theJewish people is still continuingin
many countries.

this is basically analogous tooppresstnnof
blacks in this country in years past. I had no
guilt feelings while I sat there just as I would

hope no other racial or ethnic group would V

ttavc for their past. It is quite possible that I
did miss the point of her readings. but I don't
think so. I had the option to see her and l'm
glad i did. As We said many times. she's a fan-
tastic actress. but as t have also said. I have

v come to watch an actress perform. not a black

actress.

I am truly sorry . my article hurt you. I
think it is important that groups work
together to sponsor events. and I hope it keeps
happening. Ivlust wrote my impression and
whether people accept it. is totally up to them.
which brings me to the second letter written by

Ntu Oyam. who feels that he is my boss. I am .

also a member of the SA as is every student
who has paid his tuition. [don't see why you

decided to write your opinion just because”.

’Im

'but in mine reviewernicnnimsirtter‘ otcrtttect

~i’cviewe' and critic is defined oi " ne wit
presses a reasoned opinion on any
votving ﬁlament. _" so you  revie
eludes opinions. If fwu part of the news sec-
tion of the ASP I would only write factual
material. but as a writer for the Arts Section it
is my right to give my opinion justaa you have
a right to give yours and Ms. Tyson has: right
to give hers. " ‘r r -  » ' I
I just feel there is a time‘ and place for

' everything and her timing was off. You wrote. ,

that ‘Ms. Tyson did not have to spend her
time talking about how mean attd cruel white
people are and how black people are always
suffering. She didn‘t have to because 1 along
with every other black person in attendance
know these things to be a reality-."I'his I feel is a
very racist remark.

I didn‘t mean to offend anybody with my
review. but as long as I get assignments from
the ASP 1 will continue to write articles with
my own opinion. Whether people accept it or
not is entirely up to them.

Richard Parke

Chopping Chopper
the ASP was asked to publish the follow-

ing: .

Mr. Lewis (iolub
Price Chopper Supermarkets

Dear Mr. (iolub:

The Student Association of the State Un-
iversity of New York at Albany is urging all'

Castles Burning:

resolution‘l-eatting  
abuse. and unjust working conditions

’ ' the fatn‘tworke‘rsﬂ'faee. ‘
' Mr".oniuii.uiaiiiaoumipéa-* ~
sitiility to insist that you fulfill your responv

We bet

aibiiity as a humane buliticmn and  .

citilcn in our community. Fifteen thousand
students and faculty. and their families and

- neighbors. are too many 'hietomen to lose-

And we will make every'effort to publicize our
action and the fannviorke‘n’ plight.
Changing over to UF W lettuce and pupa

will'not bring tintincial‘ hardship to Albany

shoppers or to Price Chopper supermarkets.
What's more. it will bolster the reputation of
your company in the eyes of the public.

We ask you to seriously reconsider your
company‘s position on this matter.

Patrick ti. Curran. President
Student Association. SUNYA

 

The Albany Student Pren'reservn thq
sale right in print or edit Letters to me
Edi/or. Letters should be typewritten and
submitted to CC 326 to be eligible for con-
sir/oration.

Keep those cards and letter: coming.
fol/u! ' .

 

 

 

“. . . and pushes wheelchairs

down staircases. . .

by Keri Wu

H

ldon '1 want to say anything, but some of Malcolm Wilson's T. V. co/tuncrt'ialslowards the and
o] the campaign were downright vicious. They went something like this . . .

“Hello. I'm Governor Malcolm Wilson. and I‘d like to spend a few minutes talking to you ina
last-ditrh-he‘s-twcnty-points-ahead-in-thc-polls-attempt to explain the race for Govemorofthis

line state.

"As you know. there havelbeen many charges and counter-charges made bdwxn myselfand
Mr. Carey. I'd like to clear up the picture concerning my honest fair campaign. and that ofver-

niin Carey‘s.

“My first act as governor was to sign into Iawa bill that reinstated thcdeath penalty for killing
a police officer. Mr. Carey did not sign that bill into law.

‘I‘m tor reinstating the death penalty for murdering someone. murdering someone who was
murdering someone. and murdering someone who wasin the process of thinking about murder-
ing someone who was murdering someone. Or something like that. I feel the death penalty is a
delinite deterrent once someone goes .0 the chair. the chances at him killing again are

dramatically reduced. 'l'hat's a fact.

“Now let‘s talk about Mr. Carey. I believe he'sa decent person. As far as I know.the rumors
that Hugh pulls crutchesout lrom cripples and pushes wheelchairs down staircases are un-

founded. At least I hope they are.

“No. l'm not going to bring up old dirtabout Mr. Carey‘sdrinking. And ifhisduughters want
to go out with Negroes. that's their business. These are not issues and l‘m certainly not goingto

sling mud.

"Mr. Carey has been a registered voter in this ﬁne state for the past thirty-four years. And he
has voted in every election during that time. And every one of the past thirty-four years has
brought higher taxes tor the residents of New York State. Every year my opponent has voted.
taxes have gone up. that. dear voter. is something to think about.

“Segregated parking. And I'd like to spend a moment or so with the topic.

“I'm against segregated parking. it's downright bigoted to cluimthat black cars should be kept
in the buck ol the lots. I've heurdit all and it's frustrating to see that some people still ve
archaic apartheid views on the world: tilack carsdo not smell lunny. And it's not true that they

idle ditlerently than other cars.

“But perhaps even more ominous are the plans now being considered to extend the degree of
segregation. ldon't have all the details. but the little that I do have is enough to start me worry-
ing Will Ioreign cars be put in different lots thandomestic makes? Chances appear good. Starts

the mind reeling...”

Fit/trout r 4 -- v

A ll it not Well hi the barb-wired German ghﬂlo In Ihe Indian lot. when Volkswagen: roast
pork. Dirt and broken glass abound. Oil is «one. Gas is low (mane. and never in adequate

.ittppl r . . .

“I'm against high taxes. crime in the streets. inﬂation. corruption. political dale. and cloudy.
rainy weather. And Mr. Carey is my'opponent. Opponent means opposite. So whatdoes that

say about Mr. Carey's stands“! That. dear voter. sums it up. Good highland God bless.“

, ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

.Paoa saves 
‘ ' k

I

 

 

