 

 

" "Hector the Podiatrist

by Ken Wax

Rumor has it that there are a lot ofstudents
out there. And many of you are into iistrology_
'l'aurus the Bull. Virgo-the Virgin. Yikes the
(.‘rabs. and the such. 'l'hose twelve common
sun signs neatly take care of Well over 99% of
you out there. V

Relatively unknown. but equally important
is tlte thirteenth sign. Hector the Podiatrist.
who guides the lives of all those born on letip
day.

Characteristically. all Hectorsiirc 6‘6". have
blotid Nordic hair and jet black gypsy eyes. If
you were born on February 29th and lack any
of these traits. check with Health Services im-
mediately. You tire in very serious trouble.

“cams are incessantly meticulous. and can
oltcn he found sweeping out beaches or coun-
ting dust in their spare time. Natural pole-
vaultcrs. they can be seeti leaping over voting
miicliines iii mid-Autumn or breiiking into
sales made in east liurop'e practically anytime!

The Hector Men

if men who know no limits in fervent
lovemaking scare you. stay away it om Hector
men. I mean stay away. llop a bus and get out.
of town. l'here's a (ireyhound leaving tonight
a 7:30 for Moosedung. Iowa and you rhould
be on it. I‘m serious. Closc‘tlie paper right now
and start packing. you little pristine .lAl‘.
That's rigltt. bring out the fancy suitcase Dad-
durns gave you and start folding that furry-
JAl’ jacket and those cutesy cutesy little .lAl’
jeans with the buckle in the back. Hurry up!
Now get your ass down Washington Avenue
to the bus terminal. Now!

Any JAI’S left‘.’ (iood. Now lean tell you.

Photo

Wejust happen to think

llector men are miserable in bed. Really
pitiful. Ijust wanted to get all those JAI’S out
of town. Sneaky. eh?

The truth of the matter is that Hector men
are similar to Capricorn men. only with a
totieli more l’isccs. Just a touch. mind you.

The Hector Women .

Hector women are warm. loyal. ap—
pi'eciativc. lovable. cuddly and friendly- not
unlike a cocker spaniel. Which brings us tothe
family Hector women belong- canine. Dogs:
from the pound. Ruff-ruff.

it‘s not like it‘sthcirfault. however. Hector
the Podiatrist. as the legend goes. personally
steps on the face of every female born under
his sign just before their birth. And while the
Hector female does have soul. alas she‘s a
facial failure.

The Hector Child

While the other children are outside play-
ing. chances are the Hector child is inside.
cringing. ‘

Sad to say. most Hector children lead un-
happy ehildhoods. This is attributable to their
si/e at birth (remember. they‘re all 6‘6“) and
the strained relationship with their mothers
because of the arduous task of their birth (up
to four hours from tip to toe). Many Hectors
spend their first few years tied in a mailing
tithe in the hasmcnt. which is probably respon-
sihlc for llectors‘ quiet disposition.at least un-
til they can find a weapon.
the Hector Embryo

0. themiracleol'childbirth! And the Hector
embryo has been waiting a long time for it.
spending his time wisely and creatively indeed!

CAMERA SHOP
OF U N USUAL
SERVICE

We have no monopoly on
service. All stores offer
it in varying degrees.

it's so important that it’s

become an obsession with us.

For any camera service -
' count on it, you will do better here

'3 Convenient Locations:

Stuyvesant Plaza
226 North Allen St.
84 State St.

. .

{siesta Mend  L

The dominant rn'etaphor in Ken Kesey‘s ,

()nu'leir Over the Cuekous' Nest is the idea at
:ji u pervasive fog; Thelndiiin. in his profound
 struggle to forget his' tragic past. conjures up
 an oppressive Doylesquc fog in which all sen-
, satioit. all possibility of human response. is
E}, lost. His mind torn asunder ’by the horrible
" trauma of his youth. the Indian seeks refuge in
 the womblikc l'og-enshrouded recesses of his
 psyche. To make an incredible story mun-
 dane. guided by the uprou rious benevolence of
 that epitome of the lighting Irishman. Mitc-
Murphy. the Indian ultimately comes to grips
with himself and his environment causingthe
oppressive fog to vanish.

The United 'Statcs of America desperately
needs a MacMurphy. if ever a society were
caught-up in the cold uniceling limbo of a
killer fog. crying for a brazen strong man to
return it to the healing light of day. it is our
society in September. I974.

America promenades to the insipid tune of
the Honeymoon Waltz. Our so-callcd
Statesinen return to the old pork-barrel
politics of something for everybody with the
exception of those who need “something” the
most. ()tii‘ political scientists breathe an
asthmatic sigh of reliefat not liavitig to come
to grips with the great issues of the day and
retreat once again into the stupel'ying morass
of verbal abstraction and analytical obfusca-
tion. llic general public. shecplike in their
naivcte. never knew what was happening
anyway.

Well folks. whether we like it or not. this
great blustering bastion of Democracy came
within a pubic hairsbrcath of becoming a
bonafidc police state. albeit a “constitutional”
one! We place so much confidence in our
inaudlin rhetoric of patriotism. in the tattered

 

bannerol' ‘our “Self-evident" truths. that we
still cannot be said to have clearly seen the.
forest from the trees. II‘ it weren't for the, fact
that the Defense Department gets a hefty $80

billion plus a yettr from the weakfknechoni
‘ grcss. Article I. Section 9. Paragraph Softhe

Constitution (“No title of nobility'shall be
granted by the United States...“) would have
long since been repealed in form as it already
has to a large extent been repealed in sub-
stance.

\We make a grieVouserror to the extent that
we_wmc.1ﬂUirma£_Ni_xon as a political
aberration. a once in a lifetime deviation from
time-honored norms. To my way ofthinking
the problem runs much deeper. involving as it
does tin-going trends in our system that have
yet to be effectively understood. let alone
reversed. It simply is not sufficient for the
Watergate Committee to issue a myriad of
suggestions for reform ol'thc system or for our
38th King to pledge himself to a more open.
responsive administration.

These are just words. They represent direc-
tions itnd hopes rather than tangible security
tor the future. And even if(ierry Ford is the
good natured “Nutty Little Nothing From
i-lohoken“ that everybody portrays him to be.
how we be so self-confident that subsequent
participants in the on-going pageant of the
presidency will be so benign. .

I would suggest that until the American
people firmly decide once and for all that they
want a Republican form of representative
government and will brook no divergence
iot'tn that once cherished ideal. all tltc sell-
rigliteotis posturing. all the clever rewriting
and creating ot statues. all the faithhealcr prat-
tie about the resiliency of our system. ul-
timately will not make a damn hit of
difference. Remember. that enshrined in the
pantheon at world leaders nest toevery Mar-
cus Aurelius there is a Caligula.

 

 

489-5561
438-6841
463-4436

While other Iygotcs arejust sitting around.
that mischievous llector is busy exploring.
looking for ttttttppcndiklt) squeeze or a fallo-
pian tube to tie knots in. And by the timeother
embryos are first kicking. the Hector ltas
mastered Korean Karate and is heating the h3
oitt of mommy‘s tummy. Isn‘t thatadorable!

The Hectorsperm and Egg

ln parked cars and in locked storage rooms.
the llector Sperm and Egg can oft be found.
usually separated within their respective
owners. Hut by the time their owners are
through...()ops!

I'hc llcctor Sperm cell. with its surprise!
Nature usually succeeds in taking its owner by
surprise. ignoring the social nicely of letting it
be known that he‘s coming. 'l'his.in turn comes

I.
l

2ftx3it

 

 

l0:00 to 6:00 Sat.

8:30 to 5:00 Sat.

Photo Poster Special

Offer expires Sept. 30.

as quite a shock to that ever-fertile Hector Egg
and llt'l' owner. Oh. that impetuous Hector
nature.

The Hector Abortion

While most embryos make their presence
known within a lew weeks. leave it to that this-
chierous Hector to conceal his presence for
longer. usually until the female has passed the
time limit [or a safe abortion! Admirable. the
Iicclnr‘s will to live!

Atid it that mean old doctor docs try to
scoop hint. watch that llector embryo hide!
Sometimes behind the left kidney. sometimes
behind yesterday‘s dinner in the stomach-
anywliere. Perhaps that‘s why abortionists
refer to llectors as Littlus Bastardus. a
medicarterm lost to the ages. but whose
imelodic syllables linger on. Oh. how cute!

$2.99

(with this ad)

Made from your favorite color or black & white print
or slide, or black & white negative

10 am to 9 pm Monday thru Fri.

8:30 am to 5:00 pm Mon. thro Fri.

. ' Student Association ElectldnsL'FWIll béheld
October 1 93 I

e Nominations are now open for positions
from all living areas on Central Council '

0 Nominations are also open for one commuter
representative to the University Senote ‘
and for Class of l976 Closs Council

0 Nomination forms may be obtained in
the Student Association Office, Campus Center 346

Nominations close on Friday, September 27 at 5 pm.
QUAD BOARD ELECTIONS

_ Elections will also be held for quod boord officers on Alumni. State and
Indian Quads

Brent Kigner (Alumni)Lorry Stopol (Store) or Mike Meyer (lndion) funded by

For further information contact Quod Office or see

‘  Leave wok-um:

a» 

 

..i ll

student ossociotion
w hat deco Student Aoocciaiiiiu do let yea?
(M what dii you get in autumn but gout ‘64 ohidcui lax?)

Off-Campus Student Co-op Purchase Power

Student Academic Groups Camp Dippikill

Student Consumer Bureau Protect Your Environment Club

Parties! Parties! Parties! Cultural Groups

Five Quad Ambulance Service Albany Student Press
Intercollegiate Sports WSUA Radio (640)

Movies, Concerts, & Speakers SA- sponsored lawyer], I

Intramural Athletics And works on health and safety

issues and academic matters.
iii other weirdo. SA to

Shidcitlo Helping Students with premier that ailcci ewi everyday litter.
Find ind static Attend Actiuitico Day Salaam. September 7

‘eru‘e’ 4.2m...u=..-;.-..... t... a»... :. 4...; ‘3‘.» aha-Mac”:

 

iii the Output Center. Student Autumn. 06346. list-6542

 

, tum r. omen-suit»

 

a...” 1‘ 4..

ta“. ‘1 “7

#s.i&...-p 4.

. Tm... ..

o

JL-ui‘ﬁw" AWL”?-

a ,-: m an,» memﬂw 2a.th

..; s. manual”. 6....» .C she. a.

 

