  
  
 
 
 
 

 
 
  

 
  
 
 
    
  
     
   
   

   

jii'iu‘d vi Ire-k
 29, at [putrid the gym.

Born in ,aSt. Louis ghetto.
Gregory rose to fame as a comedian
in l96l after appearing ln Chicago's 1
Playboy Club as a last minute
replacement.

Using his prestige as an enter-
tainer. he hoped to get into the then
predominantly white realm of
politics.

During the Civil Rights
movements of the '60‘s. he par-

, ticipated in many demonstrations
calling for civil rights, peace
movements. and other libertarian

  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
   

 

LISBON. Portugal (AP) - Rebellious soldiers pledging a return to
democracy and peace in Portugal's African territories said they toppled the
government Thursday and arrested Premier Marcello Caetano. More on
page nine. Y '

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - A federal judge urged on Thursday that police
compromise with groups opposing the sWeeping searches of black men that

have failed in a weckto turn up clues to the Zebra killer.

US District Court Judge Alfonso Zirpoli recessed a hearing on suits
seeking a temporary end to the searches and urged lawyers for civil liberties
groups and the city to try and resolve their differences before further

  
  
 
  

 

 

    

 
 
  
 
 
   
  
   

    
 
  

    
   
 

 

 
  
 
   
   
 
  
  
    
    
  
  

In I967. he ran as a write-in, in-
dependent candidate for mayor of

       
 
 

hearings.

The case involves lawsuits filed by the NAACP and the American Civil
Chicalo- L°5ingihm5lmi°nthe “"1 Liberties Union challenging the order by Mayor Joseph Alloto that police
for UO'S- Fresnel“ 0“ 3“ indepcn‘ stop and search blacks who lit the description of the man or men authorities
dam Wille'i“ “‘“dldacY' sity have killed l2 whites and wounded six others in random shootings since

0""le he is lemming “hm” last November. About 600 men have been stopped since last Wednesday.
Americai ViSliing 0"" “‘“e‘ Earlier. Police Chief Donald Scott told Zirpoli that a set of revised
hundred Campuses annual” guidelines for the Zebra dragnet had been put into effect that include a prot l-

"Thel'c is a 8m“ 50‘“ “VOIMi‘m sion that police observe a man‘s appearance and demeanor before they stop
going on in America “dim” says him. Under the guidelines an officer could not use a baton or other weapon
Gregor)“ “And “"3 Wonde'rul “ling during suclt a stop unless he were threatened physically.
about this revolution is that it is not WASHINGTON (AP) - President Nixon today asked Congress n.
all!“ main“ Whiic- M is Simply authorize the appropriation of $939.8 million to assistSouth Vietnam. (‘iiiir-
righl “Salim Wonk The number bodia and Laos iit their el'l‘ortsto“shilttheircconomicsl‘romwartopcacc."
one problem in America today is not The administration figure for aid to Indochina did not include military
i “if and Wm" POHU‘l‘m’ " is "10”" assistance which this year is rttnning at the rate ol'$|.4 billion. Congress ap-
1

SPRING SEMESTER in ISRAEL

 
 
 
 
  

-A program of study with a focus on Hebrew
" literature and Jewish intellectual history sponsored
 Wesleyan University. The program includes
courses in modern lsraeli literature, Bible, Medieval
philosophy as well as specially arranged tutorials.
Travel in Israel and speakers (government ofﬁcials,
local artists, academics, and authors) will also be
arranged. American and Israeli faculty. Wesleyan
credits tranfe'rtfble. For furthleruinformation contact
Prof. Howard Needler, .mWresleyan University,
Middletown,;'Cpnn. 064579.“ N

   

  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 

   
   

  
  

  
 

 
 
 
  
 

  

 

   
  
    
   
    

  
  

Pulluli°"-" propriutcd $450 million for economic reconstruction in Indochina in the
Gregory‘s speech, sponsored by liscrrl year ending .lunc 30. '

Speaker‘s Forum, is free of charge. “Wcmust recognize Iliata modest increascin ecortornic assistance now “I”

 permit the development of viable, self-supporting economies with lower rc-

quiremcnts for assistance within a few years." Nixon said in a message to

   
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  

 

   
    
  
 

-:-:-:‘:-:-:a'.'-:-:i:3:io’6 '

' Graeme

mam

i“****(HlehestRatineli LIZA MINNILLI Is uortrruo
, SHORT or ungﬂggagi

“BRAVO 'cAaAREr—A oAzzuNo
ENTERTAINMENIL”
-MI

“Tho movlotlghto up the sky!
AN ARTISTIC TRIUMPHI”
—m ” m-TV

“A DAZZLINO MUSICAL FILM!”
ﬂat-t.

WW (Tm M)

  
 
 
 
 

Congress.  . H
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Senate‘s Democratic conference voted tltl-
nniinonsly today to try to extend standby wage-price controls before the pi e-
scnt authority ends lucsday.

Ilte vote rcllcctcd mounting concern irt Congress over earlier decisions to
let the controls die completely.

Several sponsors of the new move said there had been second tlioirglitx
hcctttlsc til the continuing high rate of inflation in the last few weeks and the
sharp tall in the gross itationttl product l'orthe first three months ol this you

I here appeared to be formidable procedural obstacles to obtaining Cllitc‘l-
ment ril any standby controls legislation by 'I'ucsdny.

llut Senate Democratic Leader Mikc Mansfield said theattcinpt would ht'
llliltlL‘.

NIEW YORK (AP) - The criminal conspiracy case against ltll'lIICl' /\Il\
lien. .loliit N. Mitchell and onetime Commerce Secretary Maurice II. Stairs
neared a federal court jury ’l'IIursday. after the govcrnntcnt called the lot iiici
cabinet colleagues “liars urtdcr oath. not just once. riot just twice. but ltIillI)

 
 
 
 

 
 

  
  
 
  
  
 

   
  

 
 
  
 
  

     

      
  
  

 
  

  
 

 
 
  

    

  
 
   
  
 

 
 
 
  
  
  

       
    
   
  

    
  
 

“LII. MII‘II‘IOIII— _ "
Th. NOW MI“ Show Blzl” “'“W
- Mon-h- " I he law says you cannot lie under oath.“ Asst. US Atty. John Wing told

  

“ml
“Lin Mlnnotll-
A Star II Bornl99
-W m

      
 

the nine inert and three womcnjurors in ringing tones. “no matter who you

Iire.ltow big or how small.’|'hat oath isthe cornerstone of ourjudicial system “

When Wing complech lIiso Vg-Itourlinalsummation, which he had begun

I Wednesday. Mitchell's lawyer. I’cter Fleming .lr.. asked for a rnistrml.
because of “repeated characterizations of the defendants as liars."

.ludge Lee I’. (iagliardi denied the motion. Then he launched into
page charge to the jury. He advised them on the points of law to corisrdci Ill
reaching their verdict. after first telling them: “You are to perform lltls lillil'
tltity iii an atmosphere of complete calm and impartiality."

Mitchell. ()0. and Stairs. (III. are accused of a conspiracy to obstruct .I
massive Securities and Exchange Commission fraud investigation into the
corporate empire of international financier Robert I,. Vcsco.

WASHING ION (Al’l - The House impeachment inquiry stall rcpoilt'il
lliursday that it is concentrating its investigation on the major llltllllrlCS lllliI
l5 til the So original allegations against the President.

In each ol’tltc IS cases the staff said “eitliertltcrc isnosubstrintinl CVltlL'lltl‘
known to the stall thal supports an allegation ol'wrongdoingor tlicctitlciitc
IS rnstillicicnl to justily devoting the resources required to coriiplctt'-I
thorough investigation."

Chairman Peter W. Itodino .il'.. I)-N..l .. emphasized that the tinle decision
on dropping arty allegation wotild be up to committee members.

During the 2 '/z-llt)Ul meeting the committee also voted 34tti4toll1‘“ ll”
Wltite llotisc five more days to respond to tr subpoena lor tapes Hi '3
presidential conversations.

lhe White House response was ptit off until 10 run. on Iiicstln).

Most ol the items set aside by tltc staff ineludeallcgations that presidential
lrtcnds and big campaign contributors received favored treatment tiuIII
government agencies.

I‘M/HULL“. Tex. lAl’) - 'l he 'l'exus I’anlianrllc‘s dryland wheat crot’ "
lost. the victim of a severe drougltt. bugs rind several weeks ol hot. lilnstci)
winds.

l‘lie cost to farmers: Slut) million. perhaps more.

Ofﬁcials in Washington said the impact nationally is minimal. lhc ll 5-
l)epartnient.of Agricnlture says that with the exception of some dmuttlll
areas of New Mexico and western Texas. this year‘s crop is “generally good I”
all areas of the nation.“ And dealers note that wheat prices. while somculhil
higher. don‘t appear to be rcllecting the Texas drougltt.

but the economy of the Panhandle. already crippled by plunging “I‘ll”
prices. is headed for another shock.

  
     
       
  

a I I7—

   
     
     

WWkemiﬁiﬁiSRﬁmﬁ<-:-:-:-:

 
  
  
 
 
  

  
   
  

 

 

  
  
 
  
  

  
 
 
  

 

  
  

 

 

  
  
    
  

 

 

    
 
       
    
   
    
    
    
     
  
 

  

um.mn,.m_smm.mw Liza Minnelli Michael York
Helmut Gnem I. A few I. Mn ovoid-t Cabaret nMaiisa Berenson Fritz Wepper .Joel Grey-"Emcee"
unnat'ﬁlbﬂﬁ" Inqu Mme" nor-John Kander until:de Ewan?” who.“
“Belinda Prince Hem” F05. unto-Jame nod-c1 FM! unuuBob Fosse‘

______________.__
FRIDAY - SATURDAY - APRIL 25.26 - LC 18
$.50 wltli m «at 1:30 and 10:00 $1.25 without

 
  
 
 

-:-ssxemceemmseetwmmmmwmm

  

      
  
  
  
 

       
    
 
 

        

___.’-"

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1974

 

 

 

At its Wednesday session, Central
Council passed all budgets for the
1974-75 academic year. Commen-.
ting on the Council‘s action Bob
Kanarek Comptroller of SA. stated.
“This is the first time in a number of
years that the budget was not over-
turned by Council. While I don't
agree with everything they did lam
pleased that it (the budget) was
accepted."

The Budget Committee felt that
the groups who brought greivances
to Council or that came to Council
without first being budgeted by the
Committee were not all that deser-
ving. However. the Committee was
generally satisﬁed as there were few
deviations from the Committee's
original budget.

The budget that was passed is has-
ed on the present student tax and on
It slightly lower income for nextyear.
The Budget Committee found it
necessary to set priorities because
there was not enough money for
every group to get the funding they
wanted. The budget is designed to
allocate monies to those groups
which reach the largest number of
students.

In other business. a bill in'-
troduced by Chairperson Eric
Lonschein restating the Council's
support for PIRG at SUNYA in
their efforts to secure a stable fun-
ding base for their organization was
passed. This was the Council‘s se-
cond declaration of support for the
group. Since the passing of the first
bill. I’IRG at SUNYA had not yet
received authorization for their
proposal.

The bill expresses the feeling that
by unduly procrastinating the
authorization for the proposal,

   

responsible administratorshlve, in
effect. publicly denied PIRG at
SUNYA their funding. and are
deliberately nullifying the stated

wishes of , the students at Albany

State-University.

The Albany State TV Ad Hoc
Committee submitted a written
report in which they recommended
that Central Council form a Televi- ‘
sio‘n task force to continue the job
year which they were not able to
complete due to~time and resource
limitations. The Committee was in-
vestigating the problems and
benefits involved in the establish-
ment of a cable television system for
the students at SUNYA.

 
 

They feel that the establishment of.
this station is feasible and that it is a
worthwhile activity for SA to in-
volve itself with.

The Committee further
recommended that next year's task
force take a positive role in for-
mulating policyand the direction
that such a television station may
take.

During the course of the meeting
the Council three times voted to go
into executive sessions. All non-
Council members. including the
press. were required to leave the
meeting room at these times. Details
on the purpose ol'tbcse sessions were
not disclosed although it was
reported that they dealt with recent
Supreme Court operations.

  
 

'     
a . For M 

(SASU) Student Lobbyists from the
Student Association of the State Un-
iversity of New York (SASU) have
launched an extensive campaign to
halt passage of legislation before the
New York State Senate that would
effectively eliminate over one hun-
dred student newspapers throughout
the State and City University
systems. by prohibiting these
publications from utilizing their
primary base of funding-college stu-
dent activity fees.

Meanwhile. a second bill that
Would severely curtail use of the stu-
dent activity fee on all State Univer-
sity campuses is presently being con-
sidered by the Senate Finance Com-
mittee and will probably be reported
onto the Senate lloor within the
next week.

Effort Launched Against Two Bills
“What we are trying to do" explain-
ed Ray Glass, SASU Legislative
Director, is to mount a dual lob-
bying effort against two bills. the
lirst of which would all but wipe out
the student press on state campuses.
and the second of which would
severelycripple student government
operations and eliminate many
programs at units of the State Un-
iversity of New York. SASU has
called on student government
leaders and newspaper and radio sta-
tion editors iii. SUNY to send
telegrams to Assembly Speaker
l’erry I)uryca, Senate Majority
Leader Warren Anderson. State
Senator John Marchi. as well as to
inform SUNY students ofthc immi-
nent threat this legislative action
poses.

Kendall Reviewed By Trustees
Before Official Appointment

Richard Kendall, the nominee for
Dean of Social and Behavioral
Sciences. is having his appointment
for the post reviewed by the SUNY
lloard of Trustees, probably as a for-
mality prior to an official announce-
ment about the appointment.

The review before the Trustees is
standard procedure in Deanship ap-
pointment cases. Justine Davidson,
 " ' t to the Executive Vice-
l’l‘CSIdUIIl. l’hilip Sirotkin. has ex-
pressed restrained confidence that
the decision front the Trustees would
accept the University‘s appointee.

Davidson said that she could
think of no instance at this Universi~

3
LC
:1:

flpen new inns-nitrite for her. ,
I , tite'mselv" to gulttlng adolescent girls

She's the kind of young glrl that feels ‘
who have personal, social. and family ,

lonely. Feels left out. Feels the whole

world is a hostile place.

The kind of girl who has crumbled
under the awesome pressures

wclety. The adolescent girl who has
built a wall around herself and who ,
will never grow up emotionally unleu’ '
love breaks through to free tor. . . . _
The Smarts On Tue‘ Goon Susi»
Hall) who are rellglously committed
and professionally trained dedicate .

ty where the Trustees overrode the
appointment recommendation of
the President. “They can. but thev
don‘t." Davidson said of the
Ir‘ttstees.

The case has been before the
Board for over one month. during
which tiiitc the Board has not met.
“That isn‘t unusual," Davidson said.
“They only meet maybe four or live
times a year.“

the delay iii the Iloard decision
led one teacher in the Math depart-
rncrtt to suspect that the Board was
delaying its decision until after the
semester ended so that it could pre-

dlﬂleultlet. .

term and God hula.

As psychologists. child care and

or a social wot-tent. teachers. nurses. rec»
disrupted home and an Inconsistent rentlon leaders. and-in. other fields; ,
the Intentions through love..under- -
Itsndlng, artd.,totalcommltrn’oot to
Christ to, help lliete girls find them-

' Do' you haves deep interest In
others? Would you like more intor- v
nation on our IDOIIBIIIG of curing?

scrtt the University with a de facto
accomplishment in September.

The teacher said that he thought
Kcndnll‘sappointmenl would be met
with Itarslt criticism if that announc-
ittent was made before tlic academic
year ended.

Davidson said that Sirotkin had
iitct with the Search Committee. the
group that had arrived at its “no
reco mmcndation“ and informed it of
his decision to recommend Kendall
to the post. l’rcsidcitt lienczct ap-
proved Sirotkitt's recommendation
soon after and sent it to the Board.

   
    
  

 

Yes, please unit in Information.

 

 

O vm m =
resorts of the 6000 Shepbenb,
Madonna Hull
Curbing Hllt Drive. Marlboro. MA 01152
Mr
Adams

 

l
I
I
l
l
a Name

FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1974

 

 

  

 
 

Mnrctil Alas at Campos I'm- ‘

_ Senator Marchi sponsored

the legislation aimed speciﬁcally at

student newspapers. and as chair-

man ol’ the Senate Finana‘Com-

mittee. will play a central role in con-

sidering the legislation that would

seVerely curtail usc'of the activity fee
by campus student governments.

The first blll.‘ S. 9638. would:'
prohibit student newspapers at state
supported institutions from using
student activity fees to pay the costs
of publications unless such use is
authorized. in writing. by the in-
dividual college student. Virtually
every newspaper at the City and
State Universities depends upon .
such fees. along with advertising
revenue, to pay the cost ofpublica-
Iion. Marchi‘s action was spurred by
publication in a city college
newspaper of a cartoon that he felt
was obscene.

“This is a blatant attempt on the
part of the New York State
legislature to wipe out student
newspapers“ explained SASU‘s
president. Brian J. l’ctraitis.
SASU‘s Executive Committee'un-
animously adopted a rcsolutionWIn-
deittning the proposed legislation asi.
"arbitrary. capricious. and an
abridgeinent of academic l'rccdorii'"
and freedom of the press."

Editors May Set Up“(;uidelines“

SASU ’bbyists have
been attempting to co vincc Marchi Y
to witltdraw his bill before it reached
the Senate floor for final action. The
Senator is awaiting the outcome ofa
meeting by editors of the City Un-
iversity of New York before reaching
a final decision. The editors aredis-
cussing the feasibility of adopting
sortie sort ol self monitoring
guidelines for their publications.

SASU has received the support of
the United States National Student
Association in its effort to stop the
legislation. USNSA l’residcnt Larry
I‘riedrnart said in a telegram to
SASU that “Censorship by cutting
off lands is still censorship"and urg-
ed defeat of the Marchi measure.

Iiut even as SASU attempts to
itiobili/c support against tltc Marchi
bill. a second bill liasadvanccd to the
agenda ol the Senate Finance Com-
mittee. chaired by Marchi. and
appears ltcadcd for floor action.

 

    

   

 * , 51"“: medium. S. 785's. would i

 

cripple stutent governmente’etlstltze ', i
opemtedcampuies across state‘- I

  

by mounting that as ofSeptern
her I. am? activity - leer beﬁttnato'd'
,0 ‘50 a year on III ampupei.

440% of the students curated at
eachcampus approve by majority
vote retention of such fees. ' I

-no more than yl0% of the fee
money collected be used for any one
student activity.

~any student opposed to paying
mandatory fee because of 'I'Irm .
religious. political, or ethical beliefs
or convictions” be exempt from pay-
ng.
The proposed legislation would
severely disrupt student government
operations at public colleges across
the state. many of which have activi-
ty fee assessments ranging from $65-
870 annually. Under SUNY Trustee
policy. students must vote on
whether to make the fee mandatory
or voluntary and in all twenty-four
crises where students have been
polled. they ltave approved a man-
datory fee by wide margins. In vir-
tually all crises. the fee approved has

.gheen well oven $50 annually.

Legislation "Ill-advised"
SASU Presidentsllrian Pctriatis
 the imminent legislative action
(in e'measure is “ill-advised and ill~
candies/ed? "The legislature is
attentptingtto lake decision making
power out "of the hands of the
students and put into the handsof
the state. They are attempting to
mandate a limit on the amount of
money students can raise from their
own pockets to fund activities rang-
ing lrom ambulance services to con-
certs, from student newspapers and
radio stations to movies. from intcr-
collegiate athletics to clubs. legalscr-
vices arid campus speakers.
"l‘ui'tlierntorc. if this measure is
approved. it will be the first legisla-
tion passed in New York State that
would set aside the results of a
democratic election because ofan in-
adequate voter turnout. These stu-
dent funds are the lifeline of all stu-
dent activities and arty attempt to in-
terfere with present policy would
destroy the many programs that
have proven lobe vital to statecam-
poses throughout New York."

  

Art Council
in conjunction with

University Speakers Forum
presents:

Chuck Close

world renowned painter

who will speak on his work

Tuesday, April 30
7:30 pm

Fine Arts Building - Room 126

RECEPTION
FOLLOWING

_lunded by student association

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   

PAGE THREE

 
 
 
 

  
 
  
 

 

  

 

   
 

  
   

 

 

  

  

 

 

  

"M

 

  
 
 
   
  
     

 

  
  
  
  

    
      

we'ng

W .

ﬂ... ._.—_

W-

