  
 
   
     
   
  

    

   
  

 

 

 
 
  
  
  
   

i

  
   
  
  
   
   
 

w. “mow .wawnwm, , g .

. “I ’ ‘
somebody else). or “what-

and
Did'said“orjttst"whateveriseasiest7' Have? _ .
you ever bothered to'think about it? These; ‘ Obviously. the guideline for a Chmtian,
dtoiees nd Vitt‘alelines were around 2.000 : 'who must make daily moral choices ll love.
years'apor so.,when Jesus Cilist was doing ' But Jesus never talked about an ego trip, a
his base ygr fading and miraelamkiltl ' trite generalization. a “nothing word." when

thin What hesaidand did upsetth‘sbiuuys he tilked about love. lie said, "There is no

' l ' greater love than this: to by down one's life
Toda there are people running srottnd who for one's friends." And that's just what he 

claim 7' be “Christians.” The Bible says that He always gave, never askinganytbing for '

himself. lie lived and died freely, for people ‘

new person. How does this Christian make who were rottenandhated hint. Andhedidn‘t

choicest How does this brand new person live . die_for sonsevague group. If you were the only

so mufd they killed him ssspubliccrintinal.
when sonseone becomes a Christian. he is a

day to day? First of all. what is a Christian?
Protestant? Religious person? Someone who
does his best? Follower of Jesus Christ?

A Christian knows that there isaGod. This
God is loving but perfect. The Christian
I realizes that he is not super-goody Captain
Lovable. But instead of feeling guilty and try-
ing to escape from himself, or maybe see an
analyst or, something, he reaches out to the
promise of Jessie, which claims love and
oneness with God, freedom, and life.

This changes him. it turns his whole life
around. He can't explain it. but a lot of the
ways he used, to do things don't work for him
anymore. ,

A Christian is a follower of Jesus Christ.
and Jesus said: “If you live according to my
teaching. you are truly my followers."

Now. back to guidelines. What was the

~—

   

RedKen Retail
Center

inton - sat

 

PAGE TEN

 

 

SCIENTIFI
HAIR CARE SALON, Ltd.

"bringing you the Scientiﬁc approach to Beauty”

Stuyvesant Plaza, Albany
489-1790

STUDENT SPECIALS EVERY WEEK

open 7 am - 9 pm
no appoinurtent necessary

we invite you to come in and learn about the
Scientific approach to hair and Skin Care

'this week's speciolll

locobie's part-n-angle

style-cut and blow dry
includes conditioner a hair analysis
reg. price $151.00 special $8.00

Eva Gabor

   

Wigs

- . ., ._ . Ila-ott- st .‘
would have done all til Viki things  My

f ' For you. Just one pitiful. confused. lonely.

‘  .ku!

. ~11... Yea ,
Of course. it won't make any difference if

you don't want it to. That's up to’ you. The Bi- .

ble says. “love isvery patient and kind. never
jealous or conceited or proud, never rude o
selfish or irritable. love does not demand '
own way. It does not hold grudges and will
hardly even notice when others do it wrong. It
is never glad about injustice, but rejoices
whenever truth wins out. If you love someone.
you will be loyal to him‘no matter what the
cost. You will always believe in him, always
expect the best of him, and always stand your
ground in defending him. Love never ends...”
(I Cor “24-8).

amatme pus nine '

r V mosph’eiesuit‘edperfectlytoitscontent‘.What
' do  ~of.~fellow woriti'ppers of the
' cinema? I speak of none other th_a_n...De¢p

nit-oat!!!

 
  

Yes, friends. that detailed description of
social ills of America, that well-known cham-
pion of Deep Throats the world over. has in;
deed paid ashortvisitto ourcampusl Thestar
of that epic, the heroic and awe-inspiring Lin-
da Lovelace. has demonstrated all her in-
telligence and vemtility as she fights the
forces of nature and nausea. drawing cries of

artistic appreciation from' an adoring.

audience!
ounclelleeene

Backed by sudt thrilling and innovative
compositions as ‘At Last We've Found Your
Tingler' and the themefrom the original Old
Spice shaving-cream commercial. Miss
Lovelace and her crew revealed new depths of
hard-core talent. Also making new strides in
the acting field were Linda‘s final love and
fiance. an unknown cast in the role of a star-
ving thief, and Linda‘s roommate, another un-
known willingly demonstrating her own
fascinating talent.

¥U§3$§¥¥I¥$¥l

However. excrutiatingly brilliant as these
professionals were, mention must be made of
the subtle talent of the sponsors of the ﬁlm.
Shown in a choice basement, upon it
stylistically-wrinkled sheet. and complete with
musty odor and darkened passages. the at-
mosphere ofthcproduction was authenticund
inspiring. in fact. that atmosphere was so in-
spiring that my floor. the majority of which
was present. seemed sincerely affected by the
manner in which Linda Lovelace conquered
her terrible. crippling problem. Altogether. an
excellent and uplifting experience.

isit oncert Boos-d presents
Larry Coryell

and the
Eleventh House
with Special Guest

Michael Urbanlak

Friday, Nov. 15

 

C

L
s-

‘2'
\

2 hows in the CC Ballroom
7:30 and 10:30 pm

$2.00 with Student tax
$4.00 without tax

/

\\\\\\\\\\\\ .\

\\\\

The Legendary Preservation Hill Jazz Band 2

Traditional Dixieland Jazz
direct from New Orleans

also featuring
Ragtime piano-player, Dill June's.
Saturday, Nov. 16
8 pm in the CC Ballroom
382.50 with tax
$5.00 without tax
Tickets on Sale in the CC. Gnmeroom 10:00 ant-3:30 pm

and a: t door

niaANi STUDENT mass,

 

NOVEMBER 12, 1974

   

 

 

, lit  Math

:The Marquis de Sade. Mention his name and reac-
tions will range from repulsion locul’iousfascinntion.
R‘epulsion for what some view as the most obscene works
of literature ever written: fascination forthe nmnzingin-
telligence of the man responsible for them.

From the completion of his earliest known work—in
WEI—Sade was forced to deny authorship of almost
everything he wrote. Only recently has there been an
acceptance of, or at least tolerance of. Sade‘s work.

Sade probably could have avoided the censorship and
persecution that he was and is subject to if only he had
limited his writing to the sexual explicitness and variety
for which he his famous. However. Sade was an atheist.
and this. coupled with his highly political pamphlets.
placed him in a wry unfavorable position with both
Church and State. He spent a good portion of his lift: in
various prisons (where he did most of his writing) and
eleven years in the asylum ofChnrenton until his death in
IBM.

Jean-Paul Murat “its one of the greatest men of the
French Revolution. the mpion of the people who actual-
ly carried out the revolution. His political essays and
pamphlets made him an enemyofthe roynlists. who sent
Charlotte Corday to his room to kill him. Marat. suffer-
ing from askin disease. was forced to sit in a bath to

 

Evening’s Powersioﬁ, ;

alleviate the pain. and it is here that he was stabbed by
Cord-y. defenseless in the midst of his writing. -

The Marquis de Sade and Jean-Paul Marat never ac-
tually met. When Marat died, Sade volunteered to say a
few words at the burial. an offer inspired by purely selfish
motives. From this chance incident, Peter Weiss con~
tructed an absolutely brilliant play. The Persecution and
Assassination of Jam-Paul Marat a: Mormedby the
Inmates of the Asylum of Charenton Under the Direc~
It'un of the Marqqu de Sade . Or. to fit the marquee.
M arat/ Sade. '

It is a difficult. complex play. and just as it is not easy
to watch and understand. it is not easy to produce.

To celebrate the occasion of their 150th production
the RPI Players chose to presem MaraISode. It is ex-
cellent, thanks to the direction of Bill Kammer and the
brilliant acting of the Players.

The Fifteenth Street Lounge at RPl is just the right
size for Weiss‘ play. its smallness and informality
cngcndering the intimacy necessary to the play"s success.

.llurut/Satle. is a play within a play, The audience
enters and is sealed in the asylum. as the inmates mill
uhout. waiting for the play to begin. Sade cnters.and M.
Coulmicr. thedircctor ofthc asylum. enters with his wife
and briefly introduces the play.

“lite subjectoftonight's piece will be the assassination
of the revolutionary figure Jan-Paul Marat. by the
human Charlotte Corday which occurrred jLL'l! ﬁfteen
)eztrs ago this very night. . . Please settle back and
relax . . . and join us fora pleasant evening's diversion.“

liut .llumI/Satle never approaches “a pleasant
excning's diacrsmn", ll 1.» a disturbing play. a visually
amnulting collage of conﬂicting characters. Sade is
\ttuuted in his own milieu. he ts tr. total control. The
as) lum director 15 held back by his fear of Sad: and the
other inmates The inmates are puppets. they obey Sade
through fear and force and respect. he is God in rim
small universe ofCharcntun. Only the Herald does no
\ucctlmb to Sade. He deters to Sadc‘s power mm" a
choice and not through tear ’l'he Herald's delusions of
power and \Uf‘tﬁrloi’ll} or: balanced by mt: gencennd
cunning. cnnuhltng him to in: .r; the as and nor
slnlpl) survne llhr: the uthcrs. He plays End game in sun
ht~ man ends.

I uke Costellucm is absolutely (lawless .m‘ 'nc Herald.
recalling Joel (ircy’s .‘vldsirtf of Ceremonies  Cabaret
lie remained properly abut: the action of the play. an
uhxcﬂcf. superior to both the actors and !hc.turtrenaz.

l- \ccllent pcttormancm were Jim turned an by Ron
Schiller its Slide. and Smart l‘rc-ecntt Purely as Charlotte

(hula). an cspcctally difficult .tntl :‘thausLng‘t‘ntc

litmus Sat/v h a constant bombardment of opposing
phtlmophtes Lh Sade ,mtl ‘tlicu ."v‘ t: :mnm at the
trunluliun. amt. other characters silt: their own 1m-
pnmnned Uulbursts.

    

 
  

 

 

lhe murder of Marat and mi: illb‘idlillﬁ ‘ .ni at the
pint hnngs in thctnmatcx a relate: in ltt‘i .n Int:
plnj. and at lhf: yarn: time ilbci‘illc‘i them from the .— ties
the; have hem conﬁned to Lli tnmutcs, culminating in a
lttltll vtsmnot a maniacal Sad: .aughtng in glorious ex-
ulmtmn over the totally unlcnhed .lctlol'lﬂ ct’tne rnmarzs
that vull rcvcrberatc in your mind for day-t after the per-
iurmance,

 

 

 

vcc, rpi, and sieno present:

 

NOVEMBER 12, 3.7174

 

Tickets or public $5.00: on sale at RPI fieldhouse

 

  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
   

  
 
 
 
 

 
 
  
      
      
   
      
       
       
     
        
        
 

/////////.

classical forum
 Bath Water is Best

For thme of us who live within the sound. may I say. of the splashing
waters and pounding boots of Saratogn; Bath. England. should he of special
interest. For it wrest; Roman, and became a British spa. So fares is known.
however. it had. on horse racer.

fire lann name of the any. aqua: Suite. is clear evidence of the nature of
the R0 man settlement; aqua? “war-art” was frequently the name or part ofthc
name afar: anczenr spa, Solis l‘i the genttt-reiposscsiive) case ofSul. the name
or an obscure namch y. .r. whom the Romans saw some renem‘riance in
their gmdess Lime in Roman “men the. prominent buildings were
the temple of in: sad the hathn them I the Lao! samurai :prmgs of
the area. 1.x, 'tt’ Sum was famous ..ghnur Bntazn and (moi. not as a
.1 health resort in pxl :.

an: a rim: . Izmtt, .:;r’:.nct:r;n 2-.3 51

 
   
     
  

 

.rni center, m .

 

ml! ally car.-

; Hat 2.1.: ﬁtment Beth .‘r‘i ‘r

 

npcmng words at Pintinr‘. [Int 0/ wnputr Orr.»
thcr: \; neat
chm cenmr‘, limit ‘1

  
    

Dur' rig in: :1

  
   
  
   
  

nus-r T‘u: mu": an Br rum .1:
mm :x -::‘l: Vlucn
. a Barn in: mm .cm.
1rd {tent ‘-.nn (nnw't ta. 9 ‘r

1111 1.34..

 

 

[war t ‘1‘?"

:t Earn we Ii..-

 

fin-"31.1.7th armch
or :t' Vinnncn,‘ fat:

 

in interest 'negun :n he taken n Ramon 9.31.1 Etc.» thousand
“mans study  .mptmunt. Remains at the annn oath: ‘

   

51': latter:
:1 A modern puddings-Uncool m the Pimp Room mtt vztrmur :imt-nre nous—
-::1 .n a mail museum.

" 1an "-l..: ' . :thrm

 

 

 

randy. Elc'remser i4

. .e,.'.r,t:a. 5.213%: 31:51:" awr—

     
  

§rzdey November
7rd,! Moan: rfml
Saturday, November 15

   

 
   
  

Fitt‘n‘fc Theatre Altar-.1: 35sz 751
Tickets
in The RITE OF SPRING
1 Hart. C "c. E Fla:
serenade

 

 

 

 

 

   

   

54.15. 5r" "f. ' ' tinlil in:
meant, inﬁgzmnnnn ms:
‘. huff: 9.1 treats 54.13".

 

ALBANY STUDENI‘ PRESS

 

PAGE ELEVEN

  
  

    
    
              
   
      
  

  
   
 
 

