 g a. - . .
« ,a‘ut“ “wily—n. V .

 

 -iooti irritograsaroots forthe1976‘ v

‘ presidential year. .
tArt'As'nJclatarl Press survey in the
35, sates electing caveman tltistall it; -
‘dicjaf'ed Domocrats will gain a not in-
crease of  is seven governorshipa.
raid in Thirty:niao, ' '

The survey .shows Democrats
leading in 29 states with electioniust
over tWQmeeks away. Added to the .
nine Democratic incumbents not up
for election this year, this would mean
38 Democratic goyemors—one short
of the record number they held in
1936. '

 

Republicans are considered ahead .
in six states, _whichshouldgive them at
least 12 governors. Just four years ago'
they held/32. '

[Even  significant; ‘ Democrats
are heavilyiavored to capture the two
top pnzes+CaJifornia, in GOP hands
since 1966, and New York,
Republican since 1958. ' I

 Next‘ year' there are likely to be
Democratic governors in each ofthe
'Siit most‘ populous states—including
Pennsylvania, Texas and Ohio, which
they are favored to retain. and Illinois,
whichl'has _no gubernatorial election

> this year.

The seventh largest state, Michigan,
has a Republican governor who has
~‘thé incumbent's edge. But the race is
rated clase'to a tossup. Democrats
,already control the No. 8 state New

' Jersey, which does not elect a governor

this year, and No. 9, Florida, where in—
cumbent Reubin Askew is a heavy
favorite for a new term.

In the next; largest state,
Massachusetts Gov. Francis W.
Sargent is trailing in the polls.

While the Republicans have con-
trolled Congress only twice since the
Great Depression, the govemorships
have changed hands in some reﬂec-
tion of the mood of the country.

There has also been a trend of a par-
ty moving to powerin’the states prior to
successful bids lor'th‘é‘ White House.

In 1958 the Democrats won seven
govemo rships to runﬂt‘h‘eir control to 35.
and give the party strong roots for John
F. Ken nedy's presidential victory in
1960. »

Similarly: the Republicans made

 

Eemocrats are
heavily favored
to capture the two

in 'GOPhandssince
1955.and NeW'York,

' Republican, since

 

cites 129

a

‘ 'l botmqnu arrogant mm 'Il'JtKi
L1 958.1 " ~ . . -

gains in 1966 and tooka26—24 edge in
1967 as they moved toward Richard
Nixon's 1968 election as President.

The Democrats have been coming
back since 1970 when they took a 29-
21 state house edge. They have been
adding to it steadily since then.

The glamouryraces this, year are in
California arid {New York, because

they are big states and because they ‘

. have been Republican strongholds for
so long.

Ronald Reagan, governor of Califor—.
nia for eightyears, is retiring next year.

Edmund G. Brown Jr., 36 year old
California secretary of state and son of
the last Democratic governor, is the
Democratic nominee and has a lead in
the polls of about 15 per cent over
Houston Floumoy, now the GOP state
controller.

Nelson Rockefeller, governoroi New
York for so long it looked like a
Republican preserve, resigned last
year. Now his lieutenant governor of

top prizes California,

   Republicans have
I  Congress only twice
the Great Depression,

'. the governor/ships have
changed 1 hands
in some refleCtion lot the mood

of the Country.)

I

maven points ahead of the Democran
replacement, Rep. WJ..Bryan Dam.

The Democrats narrowly won Maine
four years 699 and the'tosa-up node
may lean slightly toward‘tdrrner Atty.
Gen. James Erwin, the Republican,
over Democrat Mitchell, who
was tormerly a top adviser-to Sen. Ed-
mund S. Muskie. ‘

Ohio Gov. John J. Gilligan facesthe
challenge of tamer two-term
Republican Gov. James AI Rhodes.
Gilligan's lead in the polls has slipped
but he is still ahead by some 15 points
and considered safe boning some un-
foreseen development. - ‘

The other big state being contested,
Pennsylvania, is generally expected to
stay Democratic with Milton J. Shapp.

Shapp, who claims he gained rather

 

J

.15 years, Malcolm Wilson, is running
~for election in his own right. He's trail-

ing far behind Rep’. Hugh Carey, who
won the Democratic nomination in a
hot primary over the favorite of the
partyestablishment. 1

Early polls showed Carey ahead by
20 points or more, and indications are
that the lead is holding. .

The Republicanswsee their best
chance for turnovers in Alaska, South
Carolina and possibly Maine.

Three-term Democratic Gov.
William A. Egan is shown a dangerous
distance behind Republican Jay Ham-
mond in the polls in Alaska, the only
state that appears likely to take a big
Republican swing in 1974.

The Democrats seemed to have
South Carolina sewed up until the
courts disqualified Democratic
nominee Charles Ravenel on a
residency rule. Now, with many
Ravenel boosters apparently stillfum-

ing, Republican James Edwards is

‘  trunnion

than last strength from three \days of .
testifying before a Republican-
controlled Pennsylvania House com-
mittee imvestigating state contract
practices, is given the edge over
Republican Drew Lewis.

Incumbent Democrats who seem
virtually certain of winning new terms
include Alabama’s George C.
Wallace, Askew ,of Florida, Dolph
Briscoe of Texas, . Thomas . Salmon of
Vermont, Philip Noel of Rhode Island,
Patrick, J. Lucey of Wisconsin, Wendell
Anderson of Minnesota, Richard
Kneip of SouthDa kota, Cecil Andrus’of
Idaho, James Exon of Nebraska, Mar-
vin Mandel of Maryland and Mike
O'Callaghan of Nevada.

idThe Democrats also expect to hold a I

half dozen other states where they
have no incumbent running, including
Oklahoma where the favorite is David
Boren, a newcomer who won the
Democratic nomination over GOV.
David Hall and Rep. Clem
McSpadden. State Sen. James Inhofe is
the GOP nominee.

In Georgia State Rep. George Busee
is expected to defeat Republican
Mayor Ronnie Thompson of Macon.
Former Rep. David Pryor is considered
a siroo-in over Republican Kenneth
Coon in Arkansas. Democrat Jerry
Apodaca leads Republican Joe Skeen
by 20 points in New Mexico.

Kansas Atty. Gen. Vern Miller is ex-
pected to defeat Republican guber»
natorial nominee Robert Bennett, and
Hawaii Lt. Gov. George Ariyeshi is ex-
pected to beat Republican Randolph
Crossley despite a bitter primary bat-
tle.

 

survey in 35 states
electing governors
this fall indicated

Democrats will
gain a net increase
of three to seven

 

an Associated Pres;

 

vernorships. J

 

~ n_.l

OCTOBER 22, 1974‘

‘ To  ultor: . ,
Wayner Helper, in his letter that appeared
in the ASP on October l8 accuses Speakers

Forumof being party to “graf t and corruption”

in Its handling of the circus that appeared in
the SUNYA gym October l3. These are
serious charges and as the person responsible
for the production of the circus I feel obligated
to answer to them. '

I Mr. Halper asks. ~“Why were free tickets
given out?" I personally made the decision at
that time based on these factors: I) the boxof-
lice' closed at 5:30 pm. (show time). therefore
tickets were no longer being sold. 2) the stuff
which was taking tickets at the door was to be
reassigned to help the circus in its moving
props and equipment to the trucks.

The situation wagons of having over a thou-
sand tickets unsold. tickets which students tux
dollars subsidize. I felt it would be a nice
gesture if the effort was made to invite
students to the circus even though they would
not see it in its entirety.

I took too tickets to Indian Quad. tickets
that no longer had any monetary value and
proceeded to ask studcnlsif they would like to
sec the circus. The response was almost non-
existent and after twenty minutes and perhaps
300 random students I gave up. huving only
found twenty or thirty interested takers.

Mr. Hslper‘s query of why his 75c was not
refunded isjusliﬁcd by the fact that he was
able to see the whole show. Not one person

, who, was handed a free ticket could have seen
the circuit in its entirety because ldtd not visit
Indian until the circus had begun its perfor-
m'sncc.

The onus is on me for not forcsecing the
possibility ol'somconc feeling ripped off. lam
sorry if any other students feel gyppcd for my
only motive was purely in the interest of
SUNYA students. Speakers Forum goes to
great pains to fulﬁll the need of such a diver-
siﬁed campus as Albany State. and we feel we
do a very competent job. If Wayne Halpcr dis-
agrees. he is welcome to attend our meetings
on Tuesday at 5:30 in the Fireside lounge.

Jay Miller. the ombudsman. investigated
Mr. Hulpcr's complaint and was satisﬁed
there was no “corruption” involved. Obvious-
ly. Mr. Halper is not interested in ﬁnding out
answers to his questions, for if that was his
concern he could have simply asked me. But
he scents to bi: more concerned with creating
controversy than being sproductivc member
of the student body.

Richard Edelmun
Chairperson of Speakers Forum

Mission Possible

To the Editor:

I read with interest the letter in your last
issue from Wayne liulpcr which discussed the
distribution by SA of some free circus tickets.
At the conclusion of that letter. it appeared
thuter. Halpcr had been scirsd by some
missionary-like zcnl as he vowed to "head it
committee to investigntc the corruption in our
SA". May I remind you. Wuync. that bills
were introduced In this session of Central
Council (nos. 2| and 27-—you can look it up)
by—guspl——nonc other than I’m Curran and
Ira Birnbuum. President and Vice President of
SA. to form a special committee to investigate
special privileges that members of your stu-
dent govcmment might have.

After the bill was passed by your Central
Council. its Chairperson was wise to suggest
that you, Wayne. be designated to chair this
committee. at many allegations and charges
made tut spring came from you. So the com-

OC'rossa'zz. 1974

shit together. tool

1m ‘5'!
wall. 1 he 
antagonistic-'th
you ttidt‘figtdoa ‘
together.vlet'l' that _ ,

central 

Cutting the 

To the Editor: ,' ‘

Hey Wayne (Helper)l Cool it. baby! Stop
'around to the SA office one of thmdays and
we'll explain to you thedit‘fcrcnce between
corruption and making good use. of leftover
tickets I to n student-sponsored. student-
l'unded event like the circus. Use a little com-
:no: sense, Wayne. and grow up for cryin‘ out
on . . .. . .

Why don't you us: all that energy to help us
do a study of the quality of service and the
number ot'complaints about the lnfirmary.or
the textbook—ordering policies. of~ the.
bookstore?

l‘m getting rid of Project PROBE completely
and absolutely. Let‘s cut the Watergate—
Miumi haloncyund actoursgs. Wchnvc more
important things to spendour time am

Put Curran.
President. SA

Unwelcome Welcome

To the Editor:

I am really wondering how the Student
Association makes its decisions. who it
represents and from where it learns its
mnnncrs. '

My questions refer to I’utCurran‘s endorse-
ment for the Democratic Party ticket at the
rally for Ralph Cato October 9th. In the same
breath that he welcomed Mr. Caso. Mr.
Cumin unwalcomed the candidate. How did
Mr. Curran make his decision? When we
clectcd Student Association ofﬁces did we in
essence vote a political party into ofﬁce?

Perhaps Mr. Curran had to endorse the
Democratic slate at this Republican rally
because the Democrats have no opportune
meeting of their own at which to speak.

Appearing on campus since September have
been: Ralph Smith (for Albany D.A.). Ralph
Carso (for N.Y.S. Lt. Governor). Wayne
Wagner (for Us, Congressman) and Steven
Mary (for N.Y.S. Comptroller). Has anyone
sccn Mr. Grecnbcrg. Ms. Krupsak. Mr. Strat-
ron or Mr. Levitt?

Speaking of M r. Levitt. he declined an invita-
tion to debate Mr. May on campus on Com-
munity University Day. as did Ms. Krupsak
and Mr. Abrams.

Judith l. Weinstein

Not Guilty

Baltimore. Maryland

To the Editor:
Even though I have NOT received a single
issue of the ASP (to which I subscribed to at

the beginning of the year) I obtained the article v

nhout Ccntrdl Councilvoiding some elections.
I Ich I must protest the treatment accorded

to Ms. Linda Wcinstock. President of the -

Class of l975. _

I ) The bus trip to Miami Inst Dcccmbcr has
ubsolutcly nothing to do with this year‘s elec-
tion. To bring up the bus trip seems to me to
be nothing but mud-slinging.

2) Ms. Wcinstock never did and never was
uccuscd of reserving 6-8 "free" tickets for
herself or her friends. As it matter of fact she
never went to Miami. The accusation last year
was that tickets were reserved for friends of of-
ltccrs of the class of '75. Ms. Wcimtock. to the
best of my recollection. was never uccuscd'pcr-
sonully of this practice rind in any case no free
tickets were distributed.

3) In the interestsofrcsponsibtejournulism.
those SA officials who criticize with a “holler-
than-thou" attitude should be mentioned by
name. Maybe they don‘t want to be named
because they have something to hide?

Tlrionly thing I rice Ms. Weimtock guilty of

mod v. . . .

this plan. Studan who live on thiscarnpus are
here for the whole time. except weekends.
Those with cats. who come backfro'm s

‘ weekend or night job don't want to walk to the

quad all the wsy‘from the back parking lot. es-

pecially in the dark. 0n Dutch Quad. for e'x- '

ample there aren't very many tights around the.

parking lot; in fact. none betwoen the parking '

lot rand the quadglt also isn't much fun in the
winter. Commuters havcthe hassle of trying to
ﬁnd a parking space without missing the
clnsscsthey come here for. I ~ '

. The majority of the faculty leave at thc'cnd

of the day. before supper. As far as I am con- 1

ccmcd. unless’ttrcre is a physical disability (in
which case there is special permitparking at
the side of the podium buildings). the faculty
shouldn't really mind' walking: in fact. it‘s
good exercise during the day. At night it‘s a
different story for the student who could get
mugged or worse. For students with cars. it‘s'u
necessity to get good parking places. As far as
I have read from the faculty quotes in the ASP
(Oct. I5) issue. it‘sa "benefit of privilege". This

does seem quite fair. and its seems to be a -

strange set of values on the part of the
proponents of faculty-privilege parking. who
aren‘t necessarily the majority of the faculty.
and the ASP article stutod‘thut some of the
faculty members were on the side of the
students.

Carol Olson

Critically Evaluating

To the Editor:

As a member of Psi Gamma Sorority. I
realize that l was not speciﬁcally being ad-
dressed in David Lerncr's biased article in
Tuesday‘s ASP. “Grecian Ruins”. However.
as a Greek member. lﬁnd myself insulted and
outraged by Mr. Lcmer‘s viewpoint.

I will not bclsbor points made countless
times by impassioned Greeks. I will say this:
did Mr. Lerner attempt to find out what else
Greeks do besides party? Did he just happen
to stumble upon blood drives. Holiday Sing.
Telethon. leukemia and other food fans. State
Fair. C—U Day. Homecoming and other
community services that Greeks perform? Did
he take the least bit of time orlroublc to really
investigntc‘l'XO‘s annual Christmas Party for
underprivileged children? Does he know
about the upcoming raffle sponsored by Inter-
,Sorority Council for the United Way“! The
unitwcr to 'thesc questions is obviously it
resounding “No.” I would think. as Editor of
t'hc'ASI’. Mr. Lerner. that you could have in-
vestigated the issue thoroughly before writing
this article.

Greek organizations never twist nnyonc‘s
arm to join. nor do we make any pretense of
being the “only way to go“ on campus. But I
would very much like to know why there is
such marked opposition to our existence from
individuals such as David Lerner. Wc threaten
no one; we mcrcly offer alternatives. Refusal
is cveryonc‘s prerogative; but open. baseless
attack is not.

It amazes me how the very few semi-positch
statements Mr. Lerner designed to make were
so glossed over and hidden in ambiguity. I
would be interested in knowing where he ob-
tained these hull-truths ,— tincc no one who
has not gone through rushing. pledging and
Hell Night can possibly know what they mean:

it it not now and will never be a publiciudi

fact. Furthermore. I resent being retired to u

a “broad” and will take issue with Mr. Lerner ‘

ALBANY STUDENTIPRESS

Lcmcr‘ssrticlc entitled "cum Ruins”. A
rather well written article. though he showed a
rather slanted.view of the subject nutter. ‘I

must differ with his, belief that a'Grcck'

member cannot critically evaluate his groups :
role on campus. I was an independent in the
Potter scction‘tt'ty freshman year. pledged and '

« vllvcd with STB the following twoyean.and

am now an IRA. in an independent dorm on
Colonial. I think that I may safer say that I
htivc—sccn uII sidcs of the coin. David scented
mther critical of the alleged fact that fraterni-
ty parties serve almost exclusively alcohol of
some form. In my fourycsrs‘st P '. SUNYAJ
have: yet to see an independentdb'tm sponsor a
tea party. Parties sewing some form of alcohol
are omnipresent. be they Greek parties or not.
A more atreful look at those posters, he

referred to would reveal that Greeks. cspccisI-_

Iy sororities sponsor various Ihe’rr’rc psrtic!. be
it coffee houses. Halloween parties or the like.
Living in u very active independent dotm. I
can safely say that one would leave a longer
Hall party with the same stereotypes of all
males that you solely attribute to fraternity

’ members. When people drink. they tend to get

rowdy. this being an occurcnoe not solely con-
fined to the dark inner circles of the Greek
world. 4 .

David manages to candidate us that Hell
night and other initiation procedures have
been softened. They have not been revised
simply to draw more members. but to keep up-
with the times. I recently visited Brooklyn
College. where their version of s fraternity is a
house plan. There they are thriving. and I am
convinced that a major reason for this is that
they are not struggling against the stigma of a
name. '

S'l‘li‘s habit of kidnapping its new

- members is referred to. The speciﬁcs are

blutuntly wrong. In the four years that lhavc
been a member of STD I have never seen
anyone taken out of state. nor left without
proper uttirc. Any pledge or brother may
chum-e to not participate in kidnapping. Every
aspect ofplodging has a speciﬁc. rational pur-
pose.

I am not writing this letter as an im-

passioned plea for the survival oI'Greck life. It .

is obvious that (trucks are no longer the:
dominating force that they used to bc.‘ A,~
I'mlcrnity tsynot for everyone. But I demand
that their ability to be an alternate life style
within the dorms be recognized. A long stsn-
ding misconception is that by moving in with a
fraternity or sorority. land in donning the
"tailors". one automatically looses a bit of
their individuality: If at man or a womnn is an
individual. hc/slrc will not toast.- this by put-
ting ll piece of cloth on their back. The only
loss of individualin is suffered at the hands of
.olltcrs. who no. longer view you as Peter Vin-
cent. but us one of those S'I'B-crs. Mal
I’urow‘s perception of the double standard is
remarkably accurate. It’ll frat isclosc. they are
1"cllqucy“. but ifthcy arc indupcndunts. they‘re
f"il close bunch of guys." ll'Grccks get a little
‘drunk. they‘re a rowdy bunch ol'dcgencrutes.
but if they‘re indcpcndunts. they‘re “just hav—
ing a good time.“ If a Greek member cares
‘cnough to run for student government. it is
seen as in block trying to take over. When we
run it community service drive. it is seen as a
cbcup utlcmpl to impress rushccl. So ifGrccks
scum over-zealous in their proclamations
about their groups non-social activities. it is
simply because we are so used to struggling for
recognition. thn on event such as Holiday
Sing or Telethon occurs. not a Greek group is
ubucnt. When American Cancer. Red Cross.
or Leukemia looks I‘oruspomor. they ﬁrst ap-
preach the Greeks.

Yes. I am back patting. But lfocl that it is a
back that has gone unpattcd for too long

=v Peter Vincent '

pm urns

 waning. ‘ .. .y
" . lsmwritingtltisletterhrrcaponlcto David,

.' Aq’ﬁpm(m-Alo~1ﬁr

$37.37... '

a

.5 f“:;:_7:.E?-::1ml 1’. 4:». ::=

 

