 

:a-c.......c..........~ 4...... '  ‘
. «agave...» “due—e. N...

 

 

 

y he.:clt’eering section up
-‘Hc had'his back tothe

audience. and started the band- on '

“Redneck Friend". from his- For
Evert-irrun album. The song contains
some really juicy slide guitar runs.
and David Lindley. the lead
guitarist. obliged Browne by turning
up the volume and letting loose.
From that point on Browne bad the
audience won. Although the crowd
had come there with malty different
desires. Browne managed to satisfy
them.

Record Review

He satiated' the hard rock fans
h‘hts opening and closing songs.

. V- w rdpelled by' much
c er‘gytror'n l. .dley on sllde.‘guitar.
liawaiian guitar. and violin. The
"moretiui'ct fans were happy with his

soft. lyrical songs. whose words sit so -

r the bottle or cheap wine kept
passing back and forth between usas
_wc sat back to listen to the long
rstretch oI' mellow7songs’ that came
after the opening. We relaxed so im-

Umedialely that I had time to gaze

around and. look at the crowd. It had
booted a lot during Wendy Wald-
rriun's set. and seemed pretty rowdy
on the whole. .
The guys sitting next to us were
A drinking Canadian Club out of a
pint bottle. and when Jackson
Browne came onstage one of them

’ smashed the bottle on the grourtd. i

assume they httd linishcd. The two of
them kept up a stream of boots and
hollcrs for a long time. “Mch it!“

“Get it going!” I couldwfcel them
squirming in‘"’thei'r seats when he
played forty-five minutes of quiet
music.

OOOODOOOOO

The one directly on my left had
nudged me between shows. saying:
“I gotta tokc up. man.“ He pointed
down the aisle to ajoint being lit up.
“Grab that thing ifyou have to and
get it over here." “I don‘t wtrnt to do
that." l said.and tried notto ptty any
attention to him again. They were
also crying out to the women walk-
ing back' and forth in front of the
stage between shows. One particular
woman passed in front ol'thcm four
times. and the last time she was
almost an old friend to them. it seem-
ed. “Hey. baby!“

One pa rticttlar set of words hit me
enough for me to write them down.
llrownc was singinga mournfttl song
about the collapse of a relationship.
it common enough theme. brtt he
treated it well.

Watch That Bowie

by Spence Raggio aitd Matt Kauf-
man with thanks to Richard Percell
and Steven Brotsky 4

The music of David Bowie has
always stood on its own as a unique
blend of rock. science fiction and
vocal effects. And with The Riscrrml
I-‘rrll rgl' liggr' Sum/us! «ml The
S/rirlcrsﬂ'rrm Mars. Bowie added a
well executed concept album to his
list ol accomplishments.

Now. finally. I)rrvirl Livr': David
Bowie (II The Tower I'lrilrrrlcl/r/rirr. It
is an excellent album. llowic htrs put
together four sides of his greatest
hits. calling them straight-sans
studio patchworkw-I'rom two per-
formances of his tour.

The idea of putting Howie's live

action vinyl isan intercstingonc. His

concerts are more a theatrical show.
a musical/visual experience. than
simply a listening one. The attention
ol‘ the audience is focusscd on the
stage actions and sets. Half the con-
cert is lost on the recording. leaving
liowic‘s vocal gymna. cs to carry
the rnttsic along. lie is an excellent
vocalist. and the album comes off

well. but it does not reproduce the
total concert experience and
therefore should not be rtpproachcd
with that expectation.

Alter Alrirlrlin Srrrw. llowic lost
the Spiders from Mars (with the ex-
ception of Mike Garson on piano
and mellotron) and picked up a new
group of back-up musicians. They
do a competent job. but one who is
sorely missed is Mick Ronson.'|'here
is many a spot on the album where
Ronson‘s guitar would havejumpcd
in witlt a quick rifl'.addingdeptlrand
color. but Earl Slick. limvic‘s new
guitarist. fails to take advantage of
these opportunities.

llowic‘s concerts are shows.
theatrical productions. tltcy rnrtst be
tight. well rehearsed. there is no
roout for amorphous jamming.
David Lit't' may lack the spontaneity
of Live a! [.t't‘t/A. but that is solely
because spontaneity does not belong
here.

The songs a re performed in a more
straightforward manner than
previous studio albums though. He
tiocs an excellent job on Rock '1:

 

 

 

5T0? BY AND lAKt ADVANTAGE
U TttlS liMlYiD TIM ii'tlt'
HASH Oiilil TODAVII

CIA—i MD MBA Willi ll.l
tilt“ AND tau HASH ONLY

mtar
AUTOMATIC
ELECTRONIC FLASH ,
with your purchase of an
OLYMPIlsuM-t MD CAMERA

time‘s your drum to pith up on a beautiful toobhiatim that will
put rool motile into your piman Volt 90! the lidtut. most
compact 151m Sll tyltorn two in N world. The prothlorr
main-rod OM-l MD it pray to carry and my to on. foam-a
includr u viewﬁnder thot‘t o helphrl m larger md 70% brldtm
that m nth-rt ior oiiortloto Morita aid computing. An irqan
dang-rt outlier the 0le MD duper quiet and virtually im horn vibratienr. Tho cam-ta It backed by a
lull range of ram sharp Mo term and to complete lyntorn oi ocmwlu ital-Adina intordmgooblc
inquire mourn plot metro and rrtkro otptiprmnt. Arid
Oiym Motor Drive (villain modiiicdion) lor up to 5 bdrm par mood motorlrod iiirll advanced.
The "E5 Vivitor m iludt it at ideal coronation in! the OM-l MD. A tiny boilhin eomptmr
datumlnn ti- nder amount of lldrt married for period pltturot horn J-ll int AUlOMAYICAllVl Small
«mob to put in your pocket. the m dllivort a whopping twirlith from a tot oil AA alkalim
bait-riot. ASA 25 (wide Mob" cl JO.‘ taro-rd myth. with lrath batteries and 0 Meal poor-nu.

SPECIAL s289. °°

design using liny air

the OM-l MD il ready to accept in suiting

‘ CASE EXTRA “9.90

 

226 N. A on 9., Albany, NJ.
to State In. Aibarty. NJ.

 

Stuyvesant Dian. Albany. NY.

u'e-mr
m-«ao
“9-5561

 

STATE PH00 SUPPLY

PAGE 2A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Roll Suicide. and for the first time
llowic has released his own perfor—
mance of All the Young Dru/ct. He
does it slchr. and it doesn't cotne
off as well as Mott the llooplc‘s ver-
sion (the words to the song can now
be lrcardl). bill this could possibly be
the fault ot'the recording techniques
used. which give the album a feeling
of distance. and emptiness. like the
Live ('rr‘rrrrr albums. Although. for
anyone who has seen him. its a great
way to remember the show.
“'I'/ri.r rrirr'I ltrrclr 'n Roll.
This l.\ (forlorn/cl"

 

i.

Lookin‘ hard into your eyes.
There was no one I recognized.
It is a universal feeling. and almost
a cliche. yet Browne made it fresh.

and real. Hchas been called lately. in I

a review of his newest album. Late
For The sky. one of the top
songwriters of the 1970‘s. He seems
to have hit on many of the chords
deep inside the shells we have con-
structed around ourselves in these
crumbling times.

When they launched into “For
Everyman." one of the women sit-
ting on the floor up front leaped
about a foot into the air. and began
singing. cltrpping and writhing to the
music. She had reacted so quickly. it
was as if somebody in the sound
booth had punched a button. and a
jolt of electricity was sent through
her. She kept it up until the lights
went on and people Were tiling out
the doors.

The concert came to a screaming
close with an explosive version of
llrownc‘s top 40 till. “Doctor My
liycs.“ Lead guitarist Lindlcy ripped
apart a couple more cardrttms with
his screaming llawaiian slide guitar.
rind the band rushed off stage to a
standing ovation. Everybody knew
they were coming back. though.

yet. A minute later they tilt-rt hut-i;
onstage and played it. Lindlcy. “ho
had held the band togethermush-ally
the entire show played some tuft-
electric violin. and the hour .rnd it
half show was over.

The two guys sitting out to its
were hopping and alive rum rlnrt
Browne had played the hard slttll.
They had forgotten their earlier
boredom and were slapping cach
other on the palm. highly cxcrrcd.

Wendy Waldman played a nice
assortment of tunes and slitmctl
some prowess on acoustic guitar.
She had only a bass player with hcr.
and some other songs lacked depth.
Most of her songs \tcrc
autobiographical. including a why
that was hall-Spanish. rim-trinity
her time in Mexico as "a burn." \ilt'
said. She comes from rr musical |.rIrrrr
ly and had poise onstagc.counrcrmp
the Itoots of some lottd Inca. .rrrd
coming back strong with some
I'orcel'ul music. She ttlso pitt\t.'ti
dulcimer and piano. and it “us on
those songs she was \k’ctlkcsl tint-
song site dedicated to all the \wurctr
of the audience. I! wash “\torrrrtn lt-tr
in the cold by a lucked-up man"
song. and got a lotrd applause.

 

La Groovy Combo... .....l.35
(taco. cnch.. tostada)
Odd Couple Combo ....... ..l.()0

(taco. burger. soda)

((lpp. St. l’cter‘s llosprtrrl)

 

«900

577 New Scotland Avo.. Albany

FIRST ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION
one taco or enchilada
FREE!
(with thin adv. Gr 50¢ purchase)

ll
Just an (oath taste afﬂiction ”

limit one per t'll.\'ltllllt'r

Ittcs. - Sal. II - x

s Sun. 1 - x
b
\a

lake ()uts

4.18 - 7073

 

Fold the paper (approx. 3A1") at the end that
Isn't gummed. Sprlnkle tobacco into this
told. Put more at the ends than In the mid-
dlo Close the paper over the tobacco But
don‘t tuck It in back ol the tobacco just yey batik-

\

\

J
Hold both halves ol the paper, cradling the
tobacco lnslda with your thumbs closest to
you and your second and third lingers in

Rolling 201: HOW TO ROLL BETTER

Required Textbooklet: e-z wldor

PM. E. 2. Jay

 

 

and Iorth a numborol times.

Spin the tobacco by sliding the paper back

When the tobacco Is shaped and packed;
pinch the tobacco and the paper at the cen-
ter so that when you start to roll. the pap!"

/ i will guide ItseII around the tobacco.

 

to the ends.

 

Roll the cigarette tightly. beginnloo at the
center; and by pulllng. work your horrors out

 

 

0 exposes the
practices such

Lick tho gnmmod edgc closed. Trim |0050
tobacco from the ends. The cigarette Is now

r ready to smoke

This course is open to both her lnoln '

students at hand-rolled clguroiics. Egnglhguflgvlgnced

easier. better rolling via the use of E-Z Wlder on

double-width rolling papers. Tho cours

glssggzaﬂ‘tag‘es oI co'rrvcntlonal rolling
9 we ragu or papers togethe

smoke. Students will learn that there lsrnigligiitiine

gummed paper made than E-Z Wider. V

.IIIIII-u-uuu cutnndsave

 

, .
«3 robert’ bttrton assoc. ltd. new yor
- II t- n - I - I

_4-

OCTOBER 25, 1974

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Blood Drips on Magician

llns acckcnd marks the Inter- Ior‘s rctcngc against the critics who
national i'lllll (ironp‘s traditional lrnlctltorccogni/ctitcsinccrityolIris
p r e um I lit c cclcbr rt tron ol acting and sun only hislaulty techni-
llallmtccn. (in l'rrduy. |I~(i \\rll t|tlt.'.

screen Douglas Iltchcos‘s “I Ircatrc
tli lllrnrtl" and on Saturday. llrc
Ilcrguum scllc‘s ts completed by the
Swedish master's haunting “I he
Marga-urn."

It Is a gt'ulclrtlly adult and m-
tcllrgcnt replacement tor the more
uundlcss llorr'or tau. Richly tc\\ar-
drug and null \rot'llr your tune.
"llrcatrc ol lllontl" or” be shown
"lltctrllc tli Illtttul" lcrtttu’cs \'m- | Inlay llct. 25,
cent l’rrccuutl l\ rt charmingly blood

soaked Iragt-coructl) about an ill" \rrtrutlax's trlru. 'lhc Magician."

 

UN

 

 

-€_ Look tor the I926 Flrelruck—‘ L:
.lltu's (Golden Oldies
“Stadium Waterworks Bar"
766 Cltnton Ave. (at Bleacher Stadium)

llutl on Draft
. (iolticn ()ltlics
Jun “0‘” WAN II I). Modern lrt// or iiitIt-gl'ths (irtrups.

 

 

we figure you can use the
laughs NQIIII more than ever!

Bakhsjrrzersand

an O'NEaL

“Wear; in; PM?”

A
PeTarz Boobaaovrctt
Paopud‘ton

llMllllUk SillhiiiANl) ' IIVAN (T Nl.l\| In Wit/kl 5 UP lltili? ' I\ i“ll't [ltrurtrtnrnn lr
AUfillN i‘i NDlKIUN ' httliiil it HOUKI. - M|CHAII Mtlili’ltV

[loch Hoary and Dawn Nuwnran h ilotnrll ttrmtnu-

[Eli—m.“ Ana—$1 tt;crrNrctn out" i-rum thtllttt nu»
Madison Theatre. ALBANY I _ x
‘

xv

filmy ltyi

OCTOBER 25, 1974

Print... lntrt t‘u titan-nu at NNI ltt Malls
. Artulutrtutnt mnM/tnt r rNtt KNIN - Sum-runway
\tlnt lltrtgtlrlnuvntlr - [tum lt-ttnnttt‘rrultrcetltry i‘t'tur ilnutthtluyrclt

«who... conuurmu-srmus Curnpnny

Fri. at Sat: 7:15. 9:30 p.m.
 

rs .rn early work Irom Ingmar
lltrgman. Made in 1951s the film af-
tortls its art opportunity to view the
too elements that dominated
llcrgman's early \\otk. llre twin
clcmcnts ol the Journey and the l)is-
gursc are c\ Idcul in this story ol an
cutgmatrc magician and his lite and
tit-nth hrrttle ol nits “till a man of
science. the llcrgrnan "rep" cums
prim is on hand \rrtlr Mtr\ \on
hytlrm as thc mysterious man or
magic. (ruuuar lltotnsttrrnd as hrs
oppuncm and lugrrrl iillliltl as :r
nuumu rrl multrplc til\tlltl\t.‘.\. "lltc
\Inprcmn“ rs :r Ion key. highly at-
mmplrcrtt \lllt|\ o1 Iiill\Itlll \crsrls
rc.tlrl\. "llrc \lrrgrcitrn" \\rll he
\lrnnu N':rturtl.r\. (tr-tolth 3o.

________————

ll (r \rrll rcmzrru on tltctlalkct sltlc
uI lrrtrrmtr nattrrc uc\t neck unit at
It'llllll cugrtgcrucrrt tli Roman
l’ul.ru\kr\ \lttti\ ol matlncsszrntl Ill-
Itllltli tit-plat rt\. "ltcprrlsiuu."

rd¢$§ﬁ@@@@®%ﬁ@®%@$-@ﬁ$$

a
s
o
st
to
o

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

“(live me cheesecake or give me death." Seeing that slogan etched on the
boarded up entrance to Joe's restaurantbrought beck memoriesJoe‘a had
been a tradition in Albany: Sunday after Sunday oftriple dcclrer sandwiches.
(Ito dinner served in the dorms then) mounds of onion rings. and of course.
that scrumptious cheeseatke. But man can‘t live on memories. and the
a bscnce oI' .Ioe‘s on our culinary roadmap compelled us to find a substitute.
In answer to our prayers. at short block away from the ruins of Joe‘s. we dis-
co\ct’cd the III” Delicatessen (I409 Madison between Ontario and Quail).

I he ilti‘) looks like the classic deli. There are adozen formica topped tables
scattered about the restaurant which is dominated by the deli counter.
thilt‘cs. . -- - ‘ing around. One of them announces “We have
homemade vegetable soup today“. as we skim the menu. ‘l‘ll have corned
heel on r,\ e. and make it LEAN!“ the man at the next tabledemands. Finally
we get to giye our order. The waitress sits down at our table and matters
about him .tircd she is. We don‘t know why . certainly wasn‘t rushing
\\ ith our order. It was ten tniautes before she tppearcd with our soup (35c
& (rile). “l-Ixcnsc me. I wanted potato salad. not macaroni." The mistake
quickly rcctilicd. \\'e dc\otcd our attention to the appetizers. The soup is
loaded \tith \cgctablcs brrt lacks distinction. liven so. we note. it is
homemade.

I he 80*) is a delicatessen. however. and not a soup kitchen. so we expect
more truth the main cotrrsc. The ttrrkey is moist and tender. the roast beef
hltmti red. and the lutrn shocking pink. If only they had better rye bread. It
doesn‘t bother the meat however. as itsylistinctive tiavors shine through the
trappings. Wc specifically ask for leaf lctlttcc. but are delivered shredded
anyway. We don‘t report it. however. as we devourthc roast beef. turkey and
so iss ltiplc dcckcr ($216). Why do they cut the sandwich in thirds? ’l‘hcre‘s
no tune to ans“ cr’ such questions when a salad plate is plttccd in front of you.

\II \tccan conccnIIaIc on is turkey sttlttd and macaroni salad resting on at bed
ol crisp lettuce and tomatoes. garnished \tith pickles and olives. What'.’ The
menu says tlct illctl eggs and we're served hard boiled. This calls for clarifica-
trnu. “ \tcn‘t tltcrc supposed to bc tlctillcd eggs with the salad plate?" "Wlty
ycs." “Why tiiti ucgct hard boiled?" "\Vcduu‘t make them very often. \Vltcn
\\L’ till. he scnc them nitlt the salad plate. I gave you hard boiled instead. I
llllk‘ss he should cross ll out on the menu. cs. I guess you should." Disapv
pumrctl. nc return to our meal. lhc waitress brings as bread heels as a peace

ollctmg.

()Ilrct sundnrchcs and platters ilIL' scrth in the same snarl-like lasluon.
llrc prtccs and quality rnukc rip tor the poor service. ilt)\\‘c\cl. Roast heel is
5|.7ll Itll t.'\tllli|liL'. Ham and Cheese is SIAS and egg salad is Still. lhcsc
olch rugs are “ell slullcd and ttulailiugly tasty. ‘

llcsscrts are kept to rt minimum. “We stopped carrying cheesecake because
It goes had too quickly." l'crsons suffering from a sweet tooth arc-directed
ncyr door in Hart l)cc Donuts. While their products are generally poor. \vc
L'.lll recommend their “headlights.” a chocolate lrostctl donut with a dab of
lemon custard rcsttng III the hole. anti ‘bttltct‘flics.":t cinnamon htrn icctl \\ it It
chocolate and cmctctl \utlr bra/ii uuls.

llrnurg at the h'll‘) is an exercise in patience and tolerance. lint once
the eccentric scrtice adds to your overall cnioyrncnt. l he
are friendly . aurl helpful to each other as well as to you. Once y nu
lc.rrn Iocuirry il.vou may nctcr scttlc lorarutlltcrdcliagain. lhut is.unlcs~tt
is .rltct 7 pm. ltccrrusc unluttunutcly. that is when the 809 closes! So \\c con-
trtl lot the terrpptau’anccot .loc‘s and its convenient ltrtcniglrt hours.

turtslcrcrl.
\\ all I csscs

lttlllclti“

Juiiﬁi‘itayi, Condpctw  mm.“

Saturday, October 26
Palace Theatre, Albany
' 0

.WT .
Marvin Morgeuotem. violin

K.P.E. Bach Symphony In 8 minor. wd. 182/5
Dmitri Shoetakovlch Symphony No. 6
Henri Dutileux Metaboles
Tchaikowaky Violin Concerto In D motor

llCKl is: $6.50. 5.50. $4.50. $3.50. Students and Senior
Cut/ens with It): $2.51). For information and rcservat ions. call
ﬁlth-M54755. or send a self-addressed. stamped envelope to
the Albany Symphony Orchestra, l9 Clinton Ave. Albany New

York. l2207.

 

 

 

 

PAGE 3A

 

