 

 

   
 

by Barbara Fiscbkin V .
’ here's a book I read, a long time ago, that takes place in the Fall in a small
T northern seaside town. , '

Everything is almost desolate. There are a few shopkeepers still around
boarding up the salt water taffy and hot dogvstands. A few more people are on the
boardwalk catching their last breath of "good salt air" while one or two diehards
on the sand watch the dark blue ocean which only recently has become too rou-
gh for swimming. ' I ‘

l was thinking about that book as I drove towards the beach one brisk Sunday
late in September. ‘ .

Only . . . l was in New York, the beach was in Brooklyn, and the “town"was
something called Sheepshead Bay. And that made all the difference.

. Business As Usual

It was 50 degrees on the day before autumn began, and Emmons Avenue,
which runs parallel to the bay and is a good four blocks from the beach itself, was
one overpopulated, newly thriving “combination fishmarket-ice cream parlour-
clambar" after another. At the end of it all was “Lundy's”, a seafood restaurant,
standing since 1932 and out-surviving the fad restaurant syndrome despite its
long lines and communal seating arrangements.‘ '

Inside, Imust have passed at least a thousand clam chowders before lgot to Ed:
die Doll, a "Lundy's" cashier for fifteen years.

"Oh yeah . . . today's a slow day. We usually serve five thousand on Sunday. We:
busy from Mother's Day to Labor Day and then it BIOWB down."

There were about five peoplelwaiting to pay. . .,bnd it seemed busy to roe—so I
made my way out again through the clam chowders (some of which had turned to
Lobster Newburgs), and got back to the street. _ .

It was worse there. Business was so good that no one even had time to talk. In
between the crabs and the bluefish and the blackfish and the people at "Randaz-
zo's Fish Market" I finally found Mrs, Randazzo.

"Not today; I'm too busy. Maybe during the week. Anybody you want'll talk to
you. _

Apparently they didn't need the publicity.

lt was the same thing with "Ice" who owned the “two scoops pleaze" ice cream
stand, except he was more apologetic and bought me off with butter walnut.

Plastic Bag Annie

.Discouraqed and just about ready to cross the street, I noticed what had to be
the only person on that block who wasn't buying or selling. A sorry, homeless old
woman with long greying hair, garbage can clothes and her life's possessions in
a few satchels—shetwas a replica of Manhattan's “Paper Bag Annie." Her bags
were plastic and that said a lot more about the neighborhood than it did about
her.

She would talk to me.

' Wrong. She had just told a little girl, "What Daddy, that’s not your Daddy. That’s
some goddamn old man from ancient times." And she didn't have very much
more for me. lust a suspicious look at my pad and pen, and a shriek of, "YOU'RE A

 

 

 

lli'llt lili‘ lltl| I lift t I'.’
Vic”: 9’ "(3 -
w - ’ > 123

3’ -€'
of?

?V

 

 

 

   
   

 

  
 
      
   
    
   
     
   
   
 
  

   
 

MURDERER LIKE ALI; THE REST OF THEM!" _

Across the street, however, life was very different. There were just as many peo-
ple and business was being done, but they were other people and it was not the
same business. ~ '

An organization called “All Community Arts" was sponsoring an art show and
sale. Every exhibit had a sign saying "please browse" and everybody wanted to
talk.
Sam Chaikofsky grabbed me first.

v "You see this painting, it's a century cactus. That's copied from a real one.
When they bloom they smell so bad that you have to wear a gas mask.“

He went on to discuss his problems, problems that appeared to be common to
most of the community artists.

"Someli mes I get a lemon and sometimes lget lucky: But, you know whatgets
me mad? When they come over and say that their six year old kid can do the
same thing. That really annoys me. Especially since 1 can'tdo this fora living, I' m
a photostat operator, 1 have to make a living."

Happy to finally hear someone go beyond the superficialities, I listened until
some photographs caught my eye. '

The sign above them said:

"Hy Dareff’s photographs will be seen in a forthcoming Warner Brother's mo-
tion picture, ‘Dogday Afternoon,’ starring Al Pacino."

Actually it was Mrs. Dareff who did all the talking and, I suspect, a lot more of
the shooting than she was allowed to own up to. She explained that the
photographs would be mounted on the wall of a bank on “Avenue P" which is
robbed in the movie.

I mingled awhile and even helped one old woman decide which Hy Dareff
photograph she reallylikedbestFinally tired, now from too much talking, I moved
further down the bay, just to watch.

“Fish Story" _

The fishing boats were coming in with their bluefish catches and their big fish
stories. A lot of people were welcoming their relatives back to shore and as the
boats got smaller the families got larger.

Tony Cosentino was swabbing the deck of his tiny “Wahoo 111" when two aunts,
four cousins and an uncle appeared on the dock.

“Hey Tonneeeell" .

"Ah my family. Hey—didn' know my family was gonna come.“

"Hey Tonnes—Ya got anymore fish?"

"No more fish—but l’ll getcha some."

"Ahhh Tonnes!"

From the boats it was easy to get to the bridge across the bay and eventually the
ocean.

Well. . . instead of two die-bards on the sand I found twenty. But, there was also
room to run and when you looked around you realized that the gulls really did
outnumber the people and the sky was truly better than any you‘d seen in a long
time.

ocroasassusuv

 

f  Side

To the Editor:

in the Friday October 4 issue of the ASP. 1
incorrectly attributed a remark to Phillip
Sirotkin. Vice President of Academic Affairs.
The article, which examined student input
into the tenure system, quoted the Vice-
President as having said that hcrarcly“finds
himself on the same side of the fence as
students” Recalling the conversation I had
with Dr’. Sirotkin lremembcr having said that
“I guess it is rare that you lindyourself on the
same sidcof the fence as students". The Vice-
Prcsident noting that l intended it as a joke
said something like “I guess so.“

i want to apolgize to Dr. Sirotkin for the
quotation. ln nowaydid i want to suggest that
the Vice-President has consistently opposed
students. I simply found it amusing that both
students and administrators together were
banned from participating in the faculty votes
on tenure.

The Vice-President has often defended the
rights of students to participate in the tenure

procsu.When lut’onthc"
tion and Continuing A taunts

the Vinr‘stidcnt to be ninme sensitivcvto
my thoughts as [student member of the co
mittec Therc have been disagreements tithe
part but more often than not thy have been

‘vhcalthy differences. The incorrect quot‘atiof‘l a .
mmepmrntcdthe Vice-President’s views.

Bob Mayer

Introducing . v. .

To the Editor: _

Since the ASP hasn't taken the time to ﬁnd
out who the candidates are and what they
stand for i must take it upon myself to explain
my background. Y

My name is Michael Sakoff. In I973 l was
elected as a McGovern Delegate, and at the
same time i was elcctsd as the youngest
Democratic Committccman in New York
State. I was then elected within the
Democratic Party to be on the Democratic
Executive Committee. Early in ‘73 l was
nominated by the Democrats to run for the
position of Village Trustee. As a Democrat l
have been in charge of Volunteer coordina-
tion. and registration. Just recently I was put
in charge of the Upstate campuses for
Howard Samuel. I‘m now inchargc of student
volunteers for Wayne Wagner.

  
 

As a transfer student from a commuter
college. l'know the special problems that the
commuter may have. For menu‘s years i
have been an apartment dwellchl know the
special problems also. l have faced the in-
dignation of taking the SUNY bus in thc mor-
ning. When having a car. Ihave been forced to
miss class just looking for a parking space.

Commuters have put up with enough on

this campus! Some of my programs will in. ;

clude a Student Pro-rated mandatory tax.
Why should commuters be penalized for not
living on campus? Open the line to all com-
muter reps.

I ask all commuters to contact me if they
have any suggestions or questions. I can only
be as effective as those that clcct me. Let me
know your problems and your needs.

Michael Sakolf

' SUNYEAIbany:  g 

  

Ipvould: like to register utmost-u
ning the operation of the bookstore o

 

   

be
SUNY-Albsny campus. My complaints”?
cerns the paucity of periodicals of an academic“. '
'and intellectual interest available from, the?
bookstore. A campus bookstore is responsible
forservingthe interests of the university com-'
munity our whole. This. l submit. means that _
thc bookstore should carry magazines with
small circulations, from small printers. on
specialized topics as well as those from major-
publishers that “sell.”

It, is my opinion that the bookstore should
solicitsug’gestions from its patrons—by dis-
playing in the store a Suggestion box or by
advertising in the ASP or whatever—for ad-
ditional periodicals tobc added to the present
stock. This may require additional burdens for
your clerical and sales staff. I‘m sorry if that is
the cusc——howcvcr. what your periodical sec-
tion now cu tries is an insult to this university
and the policy should be changed as soon as
possible.

 

Peter G. Poltak
Foundations of Education lDept.

What Some Polls Say . . .

'Mamr’e Eisenhower?

NEW YORK (AP) Miss? Mrs.‘.’ or Ms}!
Only l4 percent of the women surveyed in u
nutioiﬁl opinion poll said they preferred the
feminist designation Ms. However. 29 percent
of single women and 33 percent of separated
or divorced women prefer Ms. thc pollsaid.

'The American Women‘s Opinion Poll, con~
ducted by the Roper Organization, surveyed
about 3,000 women on a variety of subjects,
with a separate poll of I .000 men for statistical
purposes.

The organization said the results of the poll
were statistically valid within 2 percent as
national averages.

A good marriage is still the dream of
American women. but they want some
changes made. Communal living, living alone
or living with iiomcone without being married
were viewed as the most satisfying way of life
by only 3 percent of the women interviewed.

But while 96 percent of Women still scc
marriage as the best way to live. the poll
reported that more than half now want to
combine marriage, children and careers. Six-
tccn percent of the women interviewed said
wives should not vowto obey their husbands.

Love is still the major reason women site for
getting and stayingmarricd. But after love. the

 

 Eisenhower as she apperaw-t it a 1911 no

commanders

 

poll iirdicutcd some shifts in marital priorities.

I’crsonal compatibility in marriage—being
able to talk together about lcclingswis more
important to women than sexual fidelity. hav-
ing children or financial security. the poll
reported.

Three out offch women under 30 years old
said one or two children was enough. irccor-
ding to the poll. Premarital sex was viewed as
immorul by 53 percent of the women, down
from 65 percent in 1970.

For the first time, a majority of women in-
dicated support for the women‘s movement
goal of strengthening the status of women in
society. Fifty-seven percent of American
wonrcn favor such efforts now, compared with
48 percent in 1972 and 40 percent in I970, the
poll said.

Mumic Eisenhower and Walter Cronkite
headed the list of people most respected by
women. Former President Richard M. Nixon
ranked tenth on the list of respected men in the
pull, which was conducted in May. prior to his
resignation.

Black social activist Angela Davis was rank-
cd its the least respected woman by 53 percent
ol'tlrc wo mcn pollcd.

However, 39 percent of the black women in—
terviewed ruled her the woman they most
rcspcct. Blacks consititucd ll pcrccnl of thc
womcn surveyed.

w's contcnnco.

Ahﬁdttt-ﬁmﬁtﬂ' Piiﬁﬁa

 

Presidential Popularity

 

Hey! told it! A perfect Gerald Ford cartCatur'el

PRINCETON. N. .I. (AP) President
Ford's approval rating has droppd 21 percen-
tage points since he took office, according to
the Gallup Poll.

The survey shows half of those questioned
saying they approve of the way Ford is handl-
ing isjob, 28 percent disapproving and 22 per
cent cxprcssing no opinion.

The current rating represents the sharpest
decline for any president in his first two
months in office.

in in poll taken just after Ford took office in
August. 7| percent said thcyapprovcd ofthc
way Ford was assuming the nation‘s
leadership. Only 3 per cent said they disp-
proved. and 26 per cent said they were und-
cidcd.

Ford‘s rutingfcll off ﬁve percentage points
between the first poll and one taken early in
September.

The latest poll was taken after Ford par-

doncd former President Nixon on Sept. 8 and
before Ford presented his economic program
to Congress a month later.

The pardon was the chicfcausc of Ford's
decline in popularity. and the nation‘s
economy was another important factor. ac-
cording to the polling organization.

A special poll taken just after the pardon
found the public opposed to it by a two-to-one
margin.

Othcr polls have showed that most
Americans consider the economy to be the
nation's biggest problem with nearly half of
them predicting u depression such as that of
the 1930's.

Ford retains the approval of a greater
pcrccntztgc of younger adults and chublians
than of older persons. Democrats or in-
dcpcndcnts.

The latest poll was taken Sept. 27-30.

' The Godless Britons

LONDON (AP) Only 29 percent of
British people believe in God. according to a
public opinion poll published Sunday.

The poll of l .093 persons was conducted by
Opinion Research Center for a religious

program televised by the British Broadcasting
Corp.

The BBC called it the first major survey of
religious beliefs in Britain since a Gallup poll
in I963 showed 38 per cent believed in God.

  

 
 

 
 
  
 
  

 
 

    
     
  

   
      

     
     
    
   
   
  
 

 

 

  
  
    
   

 

  

 

  
 
 
  
  
 

 
 
 
  
  
 

  

  

 
 
 
 

