 

 

And ttheguts of everyone of the chapters. . .uslng
the :yonsmlc rudlng techniques of Evelyn Wood.

Of course. not everybody will read like that. Some will do it

faster — some slower; depending on the material and the student.

Some will learn to do it in 35 — 45 - 55 minutes. At a bare 1

minimum Evelyn Wood guarantees to TRIPLE your present reading

efficiency or you get your tuition back.

Nobody likes to give money back . . . and we're no exception. But

we know that you’ll be able to do it. We've taught over 500,000

students with a 98% success rate.

And that's why we unconditionally guarantee it.

Here's what this course means to you: _

You‘ll definitely improve your study habits . . . and
subsequently improve your grades.

Because of the high cost of education, you can really
make your investment pay-off. be it in grades. grad
schools, or just plain knowledge.

You'll find out how much less drudgery textbook reading
loads can be. Cramming becomes a thing of the past.

THE PAY OFF . . . in one semester!

Every reading lesson is exciting. challenging. clarifying. and
meaningful. What you take home with you . . . in terms of new
habits and knowledge can be immediately put into practice. You
will learn to read 3 to 10 times faster while improving
comprehension and retention.

The “pilot” lesson is yours FREE. I
You are invited to try 3 Speed Reading Demonstration
Lesson on us . . . without cost or obligation!

FREE DEMONSTRATION LESSON

Tuesday thru Saturday. Sept. 10 - 14
Hyatt House
8 pm. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs.. Fri.

~ 11 am. a 1 pm. on Saturday only

a WWWW

UPSTATEREGIONAL orrice / no aox me I ROCHESTER. NEW YORK tuzz
PHONE- 438 - 6363

 

,distipprov ing the President‘s decision it

 

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STU DENT PRESS

V WASHINUI‘UN (AR) ~‘~ y'il'ltc backlaiili of" President 'Ford‘s' unconditional

pardon of Richard M. Nixon hit the White House Monday. abruptly ending
the political tranquility that marked the President's tirst month in office.
"the White House said its as?“ ‘was ‘ r Jwith ' rL calls.
y a 2-l margin. Ford was greeted with
a spattcringol' protest signs and boos enroute to a speech in Pittsburgh and
here Democratic senators look the Senate lloorto denounce the pardon deci.
sion. '
Sen. Sa at .l. lit-yin .lr.. D-N.L'.. whose Senate Watergate Committee delved
deeply into the Watergate alfaira year ago. called the pardon inexptdiertt. to.
compatible with good goternriient and a had precedent for the ltitut-e,"
lznroiite back hunt the Pittsburgh speech. a White House spokesman and
at led to l~'ord‘sdraiiiatic announcement Sunday but]
President's time at he had to postpoitc a decision on
Vietnaiii-cra dcsct‘lcl‘h and dralt resisters.

the iii-house iicti\ itics lh
occupied so much ol the
conditional amnesty for

WASlll\ l()\ (Al’l lhe sis experts who did the dctectrtc itoik or. l\
iiiiiiiitcs ol erased White House Watergate tape |iii\c been dismissed \\rllt
thanks and art admonition not to talk tor a \\lllle‘.

Ilie team‘s six-iiiotiths cllort diseotcicd tltc lioti ol thcerastire btii not lllt
itlio. llic \tliy cart only he guessed at.

US District Jtttlgc John .I. Sirica. ad\isiiig the panelists ol lllL'Il icky...
said they here under no ltiithcr restrictions ol silence

'lloivcier. lor the sake ol caution." he wrote each man. "the court lligts
that you retrain Iroin public comment about the panel‘s \tork iiiitil .lllt‘ .I
jury has been sequestered in the Watergate L‘tl\t.'l'-ll['l case.“

\\'r\Slll\til().\‘ (Al’) Workmeii are installing a 84 tiitllioit mt; .l.
stsiciit ol tclciisioii cameras. alarms and .\-i'ay iiiacliiiics Ill the t .tllilt'
designed to preterit any more bombings.

congress apprtitcd the systcrii t\\o years ago alter a bomb illillltldlul .r
Seiiatcrcst rootiiiii the early lioiii'sol March I]. |‘)7l. mangled .t ll.lll‘t_l drop
and shattered \iiiidoiis through much of the Senate titrig.

llie bomber or bombers. [llL‘sllllllll‘ll_\ posing as tourists. ll.l\t.' llL'\\l b. it
plosccttlcd. (liic aiicst has made. litit the case tins dropped.

(lllicrals don‘t claim the new s_\le‘Itl \iiIl iitakc the ('riprtol .rlimltir...
hontbptool. but the) say ll will come as closeasrcasoiiablc c‘tlslcdll ltlsl.l

llt)Slt)\ (Al') Sen. l.d\tard M. Kennedy. has booed olt .t \l.l_l_'\ .tlltl
splattered \\llll a tomato Monday when he tried toaddrcssrin .iiigr \ \ltlttil or
aritibusiiig deiitorisliatots.

llie gathering ill the [‘lliI/il outside the.lo|iii l'. kciiiicdy lcdcial lltnltlrn:
had been called to protest a court-ordered busing ptogratii sclictltil..l i.-
licgiii tilicit litlslttll schools open oit llitirsdriy. lhc program |ll\ttl\c\ It ‘IIIi
pupils who iiltItcs and 9.700 blacks.
kcuiictlt said he has disappointed that he had not been able to \Ils-llx litrl
\lrissaclitiscits l)ciiiocinl said he had been subjected to \\tllst:ill1tl~c dorm;
riiitittai demonstrations.

\cioittl cstiiitalctl b_\ police .it N.llllll lti |(l.lllltl persons slittlllul .rismh
chanted "liiipcricli l\ciiricd\" and sang "(rod lllcss ‘\lllt'llc.lu \\llctl l\tilll

slcppcd Io lllL' iiiitioplioiic

International

llll at \t ll \t \ltm Is. \to/amhittiie tAl') \ rolcrtt. clltlllttli
M‘ l"II l "l “vita on \lond.i\ as icbcl \tluteshent on keeping bl.“ ks ‘rlr
|llj..‘]‘t1\\t'l iii \lo/.iiiibitpic claslicd \trth security forces.

\Soittli \lllt.lll broadcast said I“ persons were killed iii a oliiic.tt' i»
in. I.ttllri sl.llltill \clllill l'oittrgiicsearmy ollicials reported I’ tumult »
'hi t|~ illls III .I tlrish ol riot police and troops \\llll a mob of 3.0”“

D I'wrr
l‘tl

tl‘->\

Rebel \iliiicsalicatli toittioltlieradiostatioiirn l.oiiiciico \l.ritrrr
ltlgtlcst: troops |i.i\c lit-cu ordered tti mine on the city to rcstutc ottldr
l\\tI l'oittigtiesc tllllL‘ldls trom'l.isboii ha\c armed m the \ltt/.li:ll‘t
capital to parlor iiitli the \iliitc rebels.

lliit Satiioia Mitchel. head of the black guerrilla moiemciit lit-l u
demanded that l'oitugticsc armed forces go iiilo tiiiiiicdiaic .ltlll‘ll .IF‘
"these \\lllli.‘ rcactroiiaiics and hooligans representing international

State

Rtlt lll Sll R. \.\ . i'\l’l 'hc start til the «\tttca prison llill ii..rl~
tlt‘ltl\L‘ll Iiiitliei Monday by a deleiise mmc lt)lltt\L‘lllL‘ criminal lll.|ls slotted
Iiotii lltillalo to \cit You. (It).

It] rtuotliei L'tllll‘l action. the state asked that the ti tal ol da muge ~th
“'11 "1” 0| the prison uprising be delayed petidiiig disposition or the tormrml
charges.

llotli coiiit actions L‘illlli.‘ on the third atttirscrsriry ol the start ol Ill
\tirca rebellion ot Sept, u-Ij, pm, 1" “met. at pummel-tuna litislagt“ it
killed.

llic Attica brothers Legal Deleitse risked that the criminal limb-
"A'V‘m‘m I" tlcl iitidci vtayin lltitlalo later this week he moved to \t.‘\\ link

the dcteiise said a suite) of potential jurors in lirie cotlttt) \lltltH’tl .r
cliiiiritc lll itliicli the dcleudtnits couldn‘t receive lair trials.

j

SEPTEMBER 10. 1974

~.\.ts

sift-to

g llltlt|\l\

H t‘

 

'l‘o ach
Democratic candidates pledge to refrain from mutual abuse.
might and mainto tarnish without destroying'each otherti‘ reputations. and
have run each other‘s campaign organizations into debt. ‘

Who are these candidates? i ' ' .

Carey entered the race a relative‘unknown'. at least-outside Brooklyn.
where he has represented a district for seven terms. White by no‘ means a
maverick or risk-taking legislator. Carey has a record political analysts term
liberal. r .' ‘ ‘ ‘ '

He is running on his record. Which includes bringing industry iid jobs to the

‘ Brooklyn Navy Yard and authorship of important education legislation. He

dates his opposition to the Vietnam war to I967. and his aides mention
numerous anti-Vietnam bills-which he supported. He has stressed his success
in getting elected in a district which. despite its 63% Democratic enrollment.
has tendencies to vote Republican:

Howard Samuels is better known. both as the unsuccessful candidate in
the I970 Democratic gubenatorial primary. and as the fighter for and head of
New York City‘s Off-'l'rack Betting Corporation.

He has never won an election. and thus understandably emphasizes over
and over his opinion that governorship is it job for an administrator rather
than it legislator itiid that proven managerial skill is for more important than
provcn political success.

It is easy to forget. in the swirl of recent charges and counter-charges. that.
on the issues. the two candidates have much in common. Both support the
SASU platform. Carey has urged a change in the law to allow students to sit
as voting members both on the Board-of Regents and on the Highcrrlidu-

catn'malServiccs Advisory Board.

Two-Sided
, Democratic Coin

Qircricd about this. Saniucls‘ state-wide college coordinator conimcnlcd that
as Ior as students go. “you criuld make (‘arcy‘s position Samuels‘ and
Sir iiiiicls‘ Carey‘s."

lloth men have coitic out lor "(lCCI'll'l'lllllllllillltlll" ol marijuana. that is.ac-
cording to sources in both campaigns. the position that simple possession of
iiiririturina ought not to be acriminalcharge. although the possibility or it be-
ing a civil charge is not ruled otit.

L‘arcy hascdged toward this position from a previously held harsher line:
Salitticls has backed into this position from the idcii hc advocated several
years ago ol cspcriiiiaiiting with licroiti maintenance in New York City.

Mutual Mud-Slinging

Almost from the start of his campaign. Carey has been chidiiig Samuels for
his lack of experience in elected oll'ice and the alleged rise of city-salaried
()I ll personnel as Samuels campaign workers. '

In recent weeks. Samucls has rcspondcd with a barrage-like attack on
Carey‘s dependence on his oil-iiiillionairc brother for financial backing. Ac-
cording to tlic New York lliiiics‘ ol "Septiiicbchﬁ‘ill't‘l/s has spent over $2.-
llllt).tltlll with Sl.2tltl.tltltl plus of that coming from his brother.

('ai'cy. stung. has retaliated. At one point lie ridiculed the Samucls
charges. likening them to "my saying that Stimucls ought to go to jail ithc‘s
guilty til a crime" in ii talk with l.V, ricwsmcu. and then turned around the
lollowiiig day arid stated to the press that Snmuels otight to pay the city back
tasesit he owed any.

l-eclings rose to such a pitch that last week. Carey was threatening not to
support Sriiiiuels iii tltc event that Samucls wins today. However. Carey;
quickly backed dtiiiii lrom this threat. reportedly bowing to pressures from
more unity-minded opinion within his campiagii and the Democratic
primary as it whole.

today's primary contest results will provc which of the two has best
succeeded in projecting the most appealing and. in this post-Watergate era.
the least corrupted image to his party‘s members. lly all prominent
lleiiioei'ais‘ accounts a close race has been predicted. Carey having pretty
much oier'come thc hurdle of Sainucls‘ original popularity lcitd. After this
crtiiipaigri. howcicr. neither cart emerge with his reputation undcnted.

 

 

 

 

. 1

,seémiiig' l0_,"hﬂVd"lhe lead. ” It is
anybody' guess whether Mary Ann
Krupsak. Antonio Oliveiri. or Mario

'Cuon‘io will be victorious.

The office which they so
assiduously aresceking is not one of
glamour or of power., The lieutenant
go'vemor has only one main task
given him under the state constitu-
tion. He presides over the three
month session of the state Senate in
Albany. Also he fills in as governor
pro temp when the governor himself
is out of the state.

The lieutenant governanmay. of
course. seek to broaden his respon-

, sibilities and to work on_his own

special projects in addition to the
dclined duties named above. Each of
the candidates has pledged todojusl ’
that with the 560.000 a year post.

Two of them-Krupsak and
Olivieri-are no strangers to Capitol
Hill. Miss Krupsak has been a state
senator and assemblyman since
I968. and is currently state senator
from Canojithiirie. Olivicri is an
Assemblyman from Manhattan.

Despite a hard l'ouglit campaign in
New.York City. the three are not
very well known upstatc.iiora're any :
of them very high in the party‘s
hierarchy.

Some people gave Krupsak the
best chance in the primary. She has
been successful politically in some
strongly Republican territories. and
hits a good six years ol'cxpcriciicc in
the state legislature.

Krups'ak admits to having her sex
on her side. Campaign ads toiit the
tact that she is "not just one of the
boys“ and she claims the distinction
of being the only woman running for
a statewide office. Women's groups
like her for obvious reasons and are
her biggest backers. The Polish-
Americans like her too. since she hits
a Polish ancestry.

She has experience in other areas
besides state government. She once
served as an executive assistant to
Howard Samucls when he was vice
president of 'Mobil Oil Co.. rind was
a staff worker for the Assembly and
Senate before she became elected in
wax. Avcrell Hztt'riman. who she
once worked for. has endorsed her.

She is married to Edwin Margolis.
who is a professor at Hunter College
and counsel to Assembly minority
lcitd Stanley Steingut.

Cuoino. the only candidate to
be endorsed by one of the guber-
natorial candidates. .lias Samuels
support. He is also the dcs'ignce of
the Democratic State Committee.
Viewed as the most conservative of
the three. he has opposed legalized
abortions and the distribution of free
coiitrnccptives.

undid“

“FUNNY, WHEN THEY‘RE THROUGH THEY KEEP ASKING HOW TO HUSH lTI"

SEPTEMBER 10, 1974

.ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Not a politician at present.
Cuomo practices law and teaches at
St. John‘s University Law School.
He is married andtbefatherol'l'our.

Olivieri is the youngest candidate.
He is 33. while Cuomo and Krupsak
are both 42. He is also the most con-
troversial candidate. It has been
alleged that Olivieri campaign aides
paid $l500 for a vote at the
Democratic State Committee
meeting. but a legislative panel
rccctitly cleared Olivieri himself of
any wrongdoing.

(llivieri commercials have harpcd
tilt the fact that Cuomo and Krupsnk
were late in tiling reports of their

campaign financing, Theton have in: .
turrt 'eriticired Olivieri.‘ saying his
emphasis on such a minor matter is ‘
undue. Art for himself. Ollvieri ad?
mini to spending more than “00.000
on his campaign. His father owns the
Olivieri wineries near Florence. Ita-
ly. rind more than half his con-
tributions have been in the fonn of
loans from his wealthy family.

Claiming widespread support
throughout the state. Olivierighas
been on the campaign trail since earlyT
last year. He is backed by the New
Democratic Coalition and some
regular De moc ratic party
orgiiiii/ntions.

Prof Moonlights
as Politician

' by Dan Osborne

; A computer professor getting in-
volved in ptilitics‘l'l'hcrc may indeed
be something ncw‘nnder the sun. llut
SUNYA l’_r_ol'c5s‘or Edwin Reilly

linkers with both computers and the -

mechanics of government.

Professor Reilly‘s interest in
politics is apparently nothing new.lii
his own home town. Niskayuna. lie
liiis been a Democratic Committee
member fora good number of years
and in Moi}. ran for and won the
position of Supervisor for that town.
lll doing this. he was the first
Democrat ever to be elected iii the
history of the town. He enjoyed this
line of public service and GOIISC-
qircntly was re-clcctcd in I97] and
again in I973. lit switching his focus
Ironi local to state government Dr.
Reilly explained that as Supervisor
lie lotirid problems that rcqyired
state legislation in order to combat.

lii speaking of his dual interests in
science and politics. Dr. Reilly ad-
mitted that “ It is unusual for a scien-
list to be following a parallel career
in politics." llut. he further
elaborated by stating that he believes
this is unfortunate “because studies
have shown that twenty per cent of
legislation does have scientific con-
notations." in addition to this. Dr.
Reilly claims that his scientific
method of thought makes hint more
llexiblc iii the decision making
process required iii politics by giving
him greater ability to change his
mind and not remain rigidly fixed to
one iraiii of thought.

loday Dr. Reilly laces three other
opponents in the primary. In this
election. he believes that the major
issue is "Which one of the fourean-
didatcs holds views that are
representative of the traditional
Democratic positions on matters
iliai affect worklngpeoplc. the elder-

ly. and iiiitiorilics." lit the November .

election. |)r. Reilly states that "the
main issues will be pocketbook
issues concerning inflation. the
Iairiicss of lack thereof concerning
the tax system. and aid to educa-
llotl."

0n the inflation issue. l't'olcs‘sor
Reilly believes that the most impor-
taiit factor is the hiin interest rates.

He goes on by saying. "I believe that '
the state has tagged in using its‘
regulating process to insure that at
least home mortgage rates tire kcpt -
at a low enough level that theydo not
cripple." 0n the education point. he
speaks of the present taxes as unjust
by starting 1‘ I am in favor of aban-
doning the use of the property tax to
support elementary and secondary
education llllILlISWllCllll‘lg to the more
equitable income tris‘. At present. the
quality of the child's edtication
depends on geography and ldo not
think that this is fair."

Althouin he teaches Computer
Science. Professor Reilly received
his BS. M.S.. and PhD. in Physics
lroni Rl’l. Prior to this. he attended
Catholic Central High School in
I my and graduated as valedictorian
of the class iii I950. In addition to
this. he is an Air Force veteran. ser-
ving two years as lieutenant and later
as a captain in the Air Force
Reserve. He came to SUNYA in
I905 and curggptly holds the level of
Associate Professor.

Commenting on the school. Dr.
Reilly said. "Certainly joining the
University has broadened my out?
look on state rind national problems
and given mean opportunityto meet
and enjoy the company of hundreds
of more people than I would meet in
other walks of life.“

Since State Senator isn't a full
time job. l)r. Reilly would still teach
here if elected. However. he would
not teach the summer session and the
spring session when the State
Legislature meets. dcvoting ap-
proximately ciglit months to this
governmental position. “I would
still like to teach in the fall for
economic rcasonsthc legislatﬁrc
does not pay a lull iinie salaryrtnd to
maintain contact with my scientific
profession." he said in explaining his
point. “Ol'course.” he continued. “if
the legislature does become full time.
and many perosns including myself
would advocate it become so. l
would have to choose between the
two.“ He ended with sayingthat this
would be a very difficult choice
because licciijoys both lines ofworlo

PAGE THE-Eli. _‘

 

 

 

 

