,ysul resumes; .'.
Dr. Yonah’Alexander. Professor '

of International and Foreign Area

Studies of the State University

College at. oneonta. will be the

Director of this program for the

ninth consecutive summer. During

_ ,the l968-69 and l969-70“aademic

‘ a g . an opportunity for years he was Resident Director for

I research on a partiuilarsspect ofthe the full-year State University of New
‘ untry:andaburnanizingbroaden- York Pmll’lm' in) "full! the

  

 

,e,,ts...v.;v-r,<,5..g. V

 - eat
9  -. 9 pin
'j 48.24425

 

'W-ine & Liquor Store, Inc.

sift mania:
 wines

 

 

at State University College. Oneon- ‘ "

ta. Neerork l3820,(fel: 607-431-
3369). As only’a limited number of
enrollsles will be accepted. early
application l recommended.

(ZNS) The Fillmore East in New
York. which has been vacant since
Bill Graham closed~ itin 197], is
about to reopen. 

Novice Rock Promoter Barry
Stuart has signed a five-year lease on
the hall, and says he plans to bring in

’ top rock talent on weekends — with

country music. new talent and com-
edyaets during the week.

Bill Graham. who oWns the rights
to the Fillmore name. said “I should
try to put a stop to this. but I’m not

sure it's‘ worth all the legal fees and '

trips to New York."

 

Posters Mounted
CHEAP/ll
Thursday l—2PM

Tuesdays 8—9PM
CC 305

 

 

 

Illllll’l'. Lebanon (AP) ‘fThis is the turning of the tide against Israel."
Mustafa Mahmoud, 45. a Palestinian refugee. said Thursday..-

He spoke after watching guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat receive it standing
ovation before the U.N. General Assembly in.a live television broadcast
Wednesday. V '

“The Israelis had it their own way for the past 26 years, but now it seems it‘s
our turn." Mahmoud added.

‘Wafika Khalifa. a 27-year-old Palestinian schoolteacher said of Arafat.
“We hadvtrust in him. And he proved worthy of it. He is our leader."

Their words summed up the reaction among the average Palestinian in
Beirut. There was general agreement that Arafat's successful “commando
mission" to the United Nations had vaulted him to new heights of acclaim
and prestige among Palestinians and the Arab masses alike.

Arab news media were nearly unanimous, in their delirious praise of
Arafat's “olive branch and freedom ﬁghter's gun“ speech.

Only the radical guerrilla groups. who feel Arafat's relatively moderate
policies are not tough enough to regain a homeland for the Palestinians.
remained silent.

Spokesmen for both the Marxist Popular Front for the Liberation of
Palestine and thebreakaway Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-
General Command declined to comment on Arafat's speech.

An estimated 3.000 angry Palestinian demonstrators marched on A i'atat‘s
Palestine Liberation Organization office in Beirut just before he spoke.
denouncing his acceptance of the U.N. appearance. Some slogans charged
the trip was a step toward “liquidation of the cause.”

But the radical groups were overwhelmingly outnumbered by those sup.
porting Arafat. and well placed observers suggested the radicals secretly ad-
mire the latest Arafut success. but for political reasons cannot admit ll

The radicals. who demand the replacement of lsrael with a new Palestinian
state. suspected Arafat and his followers might settle for less.

PHOENIX, Arll. (AP) President Ford vowed Thursday to defeat itilliition
and tiiinouncedthc government was freeing up to $300 million in lctlt'lill
mortgage funds in a move to stimulate home buying.

He stressed the economic themes in an address to the National Association
of Realtors in Las Vegas. Nev.. the ﬁrst stop on a busy schedule that also lll‘
cludcd appearances in Phoenix. Ariz.

"Inflation will be cooled.“ he told the real estate agents. admitting at the
same time that the country is sliding into a rcccssion.

"What we need at this time in this country are more tough Yankee traders
and super salesmen." Ford said.

Ford received a standing ovation from the rcaltors when he announced he
was allocating $300 million in federal funds for mortgages on existing hon |c\.

 

 

A» (Am—The State Univeristy of
New York.,whicb former Gov.,

Nelson A: Rockefeller built into the

' largest university in the nation. is un-

der attack for overexpansion. »

_-..The state Board of Regents.
govemlng body of education in New
York. has ordered a cut-back in one
ambitious project to expand a
college'campus. and critics are
demanding further reductions.

The Regents are showing signs of
responding to projections of a
decline in the college-age population
over the next l5 years. College
enrollment in the state could drop by
more than 20 per cent in that period.
the Regents say.

The boom years are over. The
period of retrenchment has begun.
And New York is not alone. Other
states are feeling similar pressures of
shrinking enrollments. overbuilt
educational systems and closing in—
stitutions.

The University of Texas trimmed
plans to add to its Austin campus.
The cutbacks were not enough to
satisfy lawmakers. who cited the
problems such private institutionsas
Baylor University have encountered
‘in ﬁlling classrooms.

Dorm Plans Abandoned

The new Riverside campus of the

University of California attracted

g

less/than a‘Lthird of the l5.0w
students whow'e’re expected. The un-
iversity abandoned plans to build
more dormitories. '

.The College in Sarasota. Fla..
opened as an independent college in
l960 with great expectations. But the
University of Florida system ab-
sorbed the college. recently.

Several state legislators in
Wisconsin suggested the closing of
some of the state‘s public colleges
where the enrollments are low. Emp-

' ty dormitory rooms at the University

of Wisconsin campuses in
Milwaukee and Madison are being
converted into classrooms and un-
iversity offices.

Paradoxically. some colleges
across the country need more dor-
mitory space—not because ofa great
increase in enrollment. but because
students are ﬁnding it too expensive
to live off~cumpus. “Last year."sigh-
ed Chancellor Ernest L. Boyer ofthe
State University of New York. “you
couldn‘t keep the kids in the dorms.
Now you can't keep them out.“

The University of Iowa offered to
rent rooms at a nearby tuberculosis
hospital. The University of Missouri
leased part of a motel.

Troubles All Over
Private institutions as a group

have shown a decline in enrollments

—_:—

White House Ofﬁcial
Opposes Pot Penalties

by Michael Putzel

(AP) The top White House ofﬁcial on drug policy isabout to announce op-
position to criminal penalties for marijuana use. informed administration of-

ficials said Thursday.

_ .‘1

PM NSYZ VA N/

"r I‘M

for several years. The enrollment at
public institutions across the nation
grew by a modest 3 per cent this fall.
but there were a few soft spots.
The National Association ofState
Universities in Washington reported
that four institutions had declines of
more than 500 students—the Un-
iversity of Illinois at Chicago Circle.
Southern lllinois University. the Un-
iversity of Arkansas at Fayetteville
and the Univeristy of Washington.
The problems perhaps are most
dramatic in New York. The state has
two huge public college system——lhc
State University ofNew York. which
serves areas outside New York City.

and the City University of New-

York "and more than |00 private
colleges and universities. It‘s no acci-
dent that tltc private universitiesand
colleges of New York are known as
the “I’UNY” system.
The Young Giant

The State University is the largest

in the United States with it full-time

undergraduate enrollment of 230.-
000 students at four university
centers.le collegcsand 38 communi-
ty colleges. It also is the youngest
state system. Becauscofthc presence
of ti large numberofprivatccolleges.
New York did not get around to
founding a state university until
I948.

It remained a small network of
tctichcrs' college until Rockefeller
was elected governor. In the
Rockefeller administrations of the
l960‘s. the state pumped more than
$3 billion into the university to build
sparkling campuses. many with
striking contemporary architecture.
Construction Down. Ilut Not 0ut

Construction suddenly dropped
off iii the 1970's. but critics maintain
that the building program still is too
large. The state is expanding at live
campuses and replacing or repairing
at others.

'I'licStiitcUniversityiscompletiitg
a campus at Purchase. iii wealthy.

suburban Westchester County. that
will specialize in the ﬁne ans.

' .Iiiillia rd. the famous musicscbool in

New York City. has angrily
protested the building plans. Other
music and arts schools sec Purchase
as another competitor for a very
specialized group of students.

l‘lte university wanted to expand
its Old Westbury campus on Long
Island to enroll 5.000 students. but
the state Board of Regents cut the
maximum enrollment to 2.500
students.

 

 

Proofreaders Wanted
Monday and Thursday mornings.
Experience prefered. will train.

Apply:
the Albany Student Press
('(' no
‘ l.l’ll\'t' IIlIlIll'. nth/rim. [Ilium-
tltllll/lt'l' Ill 'li'ilmii'u/ Inliliir‘i
nulillmw.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The sources said the officiitl. Dr. Robert L. DuPont. will continue to ad-
vocate public programs that discourage use of the drug but will argue that

33:2:

The money is part of $3 billion in housing nid recently made available but
restricted to mortgages on new homes.

Forer Defends his Reign in Soc Dep’t

t” "abraﬁiig-L

 

7:30 & 9:30
LC—lB
$.50 with tax
$l.25 without

 

C Saturday Nov. 16

him/til lit Milt/WI! ll.t.\tlt‘illlitlll

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PHOENIX. Arlz. (AP) President Ford cxhortcd Congress to promptly t'otl-
firm Nelson A. Rockcfcclcr as vice president. then declared 'l'hiu'sdtl)‘ "till"
he can imagine no circumstances that would lead him to withdraw the
nomination.

Ford. answering questions at the annual convention of Sigma Delta (hi.
the journalism fraternity. said he remains convinced that Rockefeller is"ihe
most qualified person to be vice president."

"I intend to do all that I can to see that he gets confirmed.“ Ford said.

Ford prefaced the nationally broadcast question and answer session in
saying thatCongrcss should v'Vritc deadlines into the 25th Amendment to pic
vent prolonged hassles such as that now delaying action on the Roekclellu
nomination.

HOUSTON. (AP)0ilmcn are expressing concern about President l‘ord‘u
nglesctive of reducing oil imports by one million barrels a day by the end ol

They say it number ofthings must be clarified before it can bcdcterniined
whether the goal is realistic.

Will the cutback apply only to crude oil'.’ Will it apply to both Crllt1c 1”"1
products? . !

Will it affect only Middle East oil or will it also affect such major supl’llh'"
as Venezuela and Canada?

In effect. Ford and his energy advisers have said if industry fails to rat I\
out tltc'objcctivc the Federal Energy Administration will take action to St"
that ll is attained.

' Industry lenders have not expressed opposition bttt say
information Will have to be made available.

()lfictals of the American Petroleumlnstitutc.thc industry‘s largest lliltlt‘
group. huytlicy plan to seek clarification from InteriorSccretat'y RugclS (' ll
Morton. the President's chief energy udvisor.

NEW YORK. (AP)Tltc National Archives and CBS. lllC. oii Thursdtl) if”
trounced establishment of a television news archive that will be available In
libraries throughout the country.

Under the agreement. C‘llS will furnish video cassettes of all rcttlllttl'll

scheduled ttnd special news broadcasts to the National Archives and Reconh
Service which will index them and make copies for distribution.
I lltrough this agreement. our facilities and libraries throughout the In
ited States can provitlc recordings of CBS television news broadcasts fill the
use of scholars. researchers. and the general public " said Dr. James It.
Rhonda. head of the Natioittil Archives. ‘

We are open to similar arrangements with other networks which could
result in  comprehensive. central archives for television llCWS~ a develop-
ment which. l am sure. researchers would welcome." RhOtldli ﬁﬂid‘
mg: spokesman said the network had been taking with the National

as at had not yet reached an agreement. An NBCspokcsmttn stud ll
does not have any agreements.

NOVEMBER 15, 1 974

 

“people shouldn't be put through the criminal process for possession" of
small quantities of marijuana.

Dul’ottt is director of the White-House Special Action Office for Drug
Abuse Prevention and head ofthe National Institute on Drug Abuse. He isto
address the annual conference here Friday of the National Organization for
Reform of Marijuana Laws-NORML.

The sources said DuPont. in his speech and in appearances next week at a
news conference and before the Senate. will issue “a very carefully balanced
statement" that explains his position on the legal issues while at thesamc time
discussing ncw medical evidence that indicates long-term use of marijuana
can be dangerous.

The sources characterized the speech as “the beginning of a process" iii-
tended to divorce the Ford administration front former President Richard
M. Nixon‘s refusal to consider reforming marijuana laws.

“There are no plans now to rccotnmend lcgisltition in this area." the
sources said. btit they indicated that is the direction Dul’ont hopes the issue
will take.

President Ford iii the past has opposed outright legalization of marijuana
htil has indicated ltc has an opcit mind on the issue of removing legal penalties
against users t

Sources til the White House indicated Ford is aware ofwhiit DuPont plans
to say. but they didn‘t expect Ford to have any comment on the issue ini-
nicditttcly.

by Nancy Albaugh

Seated behind his desk that was stacked with reports
and papers, Ray Forer spoke of his chairmanship inthe
Sociology department — a position that may now be inl
jeopardy.

Forer said that he knows some people oppose tits
methods. that some people in the depart metit “hate me."
but he said he thinks he has givcit the university good ser-
vice. "Although I may not have been right iii all I have
done. I think that l have improved the department. Some
people don't like tltc changes. but I think they are worth
it."

Asked specifically what these changes were. he cited
the "small groups lab“ -ti specially modified room on the
sixth floor of Mohawk tower. a flight above his office.
that will be used for studying small group behavior. The
problem is that lictlt I-ltttina. who was originally
scheduled to teach two of tltc courses utilizing the lab.
will not bcablc to teach the courses. “I‘ve called all over
tlte country trying to find a substitute. We have had
some luck in finding someone front the Psychology
department to ttike over one of the courses, llut. we‘re
still looking."

Some tenured members of the department say l-‘orer
has placed “slanderous documents“ in confidential files
used for tenure review, The chairman says. “That was in
my early days. Perhaps I was it little too strong. llut l
tiiadc my mistakes early. lstty things a little too straight
for Sirotkin. for Kendall even .. . bttt l stillsttind behind
the substance of everything I write.“ Forcr points out
that ill one case. he did put an apology in one faculty
member's file for it statement he had made. “I think my

wording was a bit too strong. but then lwus a feature
writer oticc. you understand.“

In answer to the question of his role in tile department.
ltc said.“| think I am the symbol ot'what it good depart-
ment should be."

Seeing himself as the ittstrutttcnt of departmental
change. he said. “I was a journalist for fifteen years
myself. you know. Sotiie of the new developments in
Sociology of course I cannot keep up with. Idon‘t know
how to work that lab upstairs, lltit l like to think that l
will fell“: behind it department that your children will be
proud to attend."

Stating that the bttdgct iiioticy for the department "got
short.“ l-'oi'ci' said he feels that the “mediocrity in the
department has been deluged. The only thing I would
say is that we still need if few good senior people - some of
national reptile. Hopefully we will be able to get some
soon...llut. yoti know. I can‘t pltiy God.“

Forer said also that he has risked that an external
rc\ iew of the department he dotte. "We have reached the
state where we can subject ourselves to review as a
professional dcptirtnteittJ have worked for the students -
getting money for studies. grunts. Tiltll is my main
emphasis."

He thinks that it is his style that causes some of the
department members their dissatisfaction. “1 am
sometimes a little hard. but lthitik there is tidifference iii
adniitiisti'ntivc styles between different people. you
know."

Concluding. he said, "I tltink anyone has the right to
call me a fool. but I atn not surcanyonc can say luniat
fault."

 

Prepare For:

 

Doc, 14 Jan. 18

GRE

Renew Courses
Now llcing l‘ormcd
l‘\t.‘llllly. (.‘Iitsscs
l‘tll litloitnatiott ('ontttct.
Joseph A. Ui'so
lesting Rctien Sci'iiec
~13. \ltl\\tlt|tl ./\\c.
'\ii)illl). N. Y. Illllb
()I‘

 

Title: M.B.A. Recruitment - Syracuse University
the School of Munagciiicnl of Syracuse Uttivcrsitv.

Syracuse. New York. will be iiitervicwing intetcsteil
applicants tor the Masters in business Administration
l’rogi'attts oit November 20. 9:00 nitt - ll:J0 illll.

l-oi further information inquire at the l'lttccntctit or
(‘aieei' Counseling Office on campus.

 

 

 

 

('itll: ~llt‘)-|254

 

 

Announcing the (irtind Opening of
This week featuring
"Lawla London at at."

Friday and Saturday
DOOHi Open tit 8:30
(‘.(‘. Assembly Hall I
Starting Next Week:
l'hursdtty is Open Nigltt-l’alt'ooii Lounge
Come to audition and/or LIS'I'EN

Mt Etna

h Free w/tiix; 50:: Mo not
limited by student association '

 

 

 

NOVEMBER 1 5, 1 974

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

