 

   

  
 
 
 
 

ry
protect  , Iliare. Where the air i
, , dirty. it In b’b'e cleaned‘up io'r‘n'eet
the national standards. What'could be
sirripler, right? ‘ »  "
Wrorig.1'obesrrie,ihere'saloiofdir-
ty air hanging these days. But
it‘s not all badg'ln fact, there's some
which is almonpirre, or at least cleaner
than;  national start;
dards. Thatfs because the standards '
are designed to protect health and
welfare, noitguaraniee perfect air. So
the sticky questionvis: it the dirty air has
'to be cleaned up, does the existing
clean air have to be kept from getting
dirtier? ' "
industrialists and developers,
predicting an end to economic growth
it significant deterioration of
“unnecessarily"'clean air is prevented,
have answered with a resounding
"No." Environmentalists, arguing that
development and clean air
maintenance are not mutually ex-
clusive when well-planned and con-
trolled, have responded with an equal-
ly firm, "Yes." The Environmental
Protection Agency, which has respon-
sibility for implementing the law,
thinks the states should be the ones to
decide. '

So environmentalists took the
Federal Agency to court in May, 1972,
to forcem'itf swims saunter.
prohibitirigwsignilicant deterioration
throughout the nation. A year later,
EPA had lost in three courts, including
the Supreme Court. The judicial ruling:
"the Clean Air Act of 1970 is based in
important part on a policy of non-
degradation of ' existing clean air
and . . . permitting the states to submit
plans which allow pollution levels of
clean air to rise to the secondary level
of pollution is. . .invalid." EPA was
ordered to write signiﬁcant deteriora-
tion regulations for the states.

Now, after a year of litigation and
another year of in-house hassles, EPA
finally announced its new regulations
on August 16th. Whatdo they say? The
states should decide. Almost four years
after enactment of the legislation and
more than two since EPA was first told

   
 

 

   
  
     
     
     
     
     
      
     
  
        
    
    
     
    
      
   
   
    
    
   
      
     
   
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
     
   
     
      
 
 
   
 

 

to prevent significant deterioration,
we're back where we started from.

In the end, it seems that EPA chose to
make no decision at all. According to
the federal protector of the environ-
ment, what is significant forone state or
locality may not be for another depen-
ding on how much it values industrial
development or environmental quali-
ty. Therefore, each state must decide
for itself.

The

stumbling block for EPA

h El. .1. .  

llll

In;

on,” I“

.ll If Ilrllfll: I
I “lffllfli‘
Ill l "l
It fit

it ll ICIqu

I IIIIIIII
«grillilll ‘
« s

 

 

throug houi this controversy has been
defining signiﬁcant deterioration. The
courts told the agency to prevent it, but
they didn't explain what it is. Caught
between the prophets of doom and
enlightenment, EPA hasn't had. an
easy time of making its decision.

To implement this understanding of
significant deterioration,.EPA has
proposed the establishment of three
classes of air quality. In Class f, there
would be almost no change in clean

"'I.

  

air. - ~ _‘ V

' change,butsiillkeepthe

' '_national standards.
; wanid. not v have io'be better 'than

” nationalsia

  
  
   
  
 
  
   
       

 ve
in [Class 111,: air

ridards. The restrictions on
air quality in all three classes would
pertain only b two of the five pollutants
covered by national standards.

To begin, EPA’s proposed

 

- regulations call for all'areas to be

classified as Class 11. After studies have
been made of the impact of 19 in-
du'sirial categories in each class, the
states could go ahead and redesignate
areas how ever and how oiten they
desire, provided the public gets a
chance to voice its opinion first. If a
state wants todesignaie the whole state
Class I, it could, just as it could classify
the whole state Class fit, it could
downgrade an area with especially
clean air by designating it Class III.
EPA would retain final say on each
class redesign‘ation. But that approval
would be withheld if certain
procedural requirements were not
fulfilled or the designation authority
had "arbitrarily and capriciously" dis-
regarded 'relevant environmental,
social, or economic considerations.
Criticisms on .the proposed
regulations are being heard during the
ongoing 30-day comment period
before the Agency makes its final
changes in the regulations. Among en-
vironmentalists' concerns are; 1.) In—
allowing the states to decide the signifi—
cant deterioration question, EPA clear—
ly ignores the court decision; 2.) While
the courts prohibited deterioration in
"apydportion ‘ of “any state,” EPA's
regulations would permit any portion,
or even all, of any state to deteriorate to
the national standards; 3.) The classes
don‘t cover all pollutants regulated by
the national standards; 4.) The
regulations won't go into effect until six
months after they're finalized (mid—
1975), although the law was to take
effect in 1972; 5.) EPA itself has found
that development is possible within a
reasonable strict prohibition against
significant deterioration, if best pollu-
tion technology is used.

With court actions vowed again if the
regulations aren't changed, what are
EPA’s feeling on a new round of
litigation? According to EPA Deputy
Administrator John Quarles, maybe it
would spur Congress to tell EPA more
clearly what it wants.

 
 
 
 
 
    
    
    
   
  
 

  

   

 

 

  

‘ ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

NOVEMBER 5, 1974

 

 

   
    
 

 

or liq te lo century now, people

I have called Norh’r‘ah‘Caéser/ey by the

name 'oll-Mlster Midwife. So, next
month he is ﬁling an application in Dis-
trict"Court to oilicially register this
change at name. He says this action
will help draw attention to the merits of
lay non-medical midwivery.
Misteer’dwi/e, a US certiﬁed,
registered,“ licensed .midwile, has
delivered over 3,500 bundles of joy.
He practices only Natural Homebirth,
a terln he coined and trademarked in
1949 and now ledemlly tiled in
Washington. His mother's disdain the
use 0/ drugs and surgery, which otten
cause more complications than they
allegedly cure, says the world's only
male midwife. He may be right,
because he has never had a death,
complication. hemorrhage, tlesh tear,

ambulance case or hospital relerjral,

malpractice suit or citiZen complaint! '

He delights in proving that many
cases scheduled as high-risk corn-
.ph'cations can be delivered normally
by drowing on the body's normal
physiology rather than/routine “7‘.
terterence of drugs and surgery. Many
of his clients are physician relerrals,

since doctors rarely visit the home" ' ~

nowadays. Most 0/ his cases are either
firs/births, or‘scheduled [or caesarean
by an obstetrician, or subteenage
mothers. Although he practices in over
30 nations, he does Ito/deliver Where
home birth is illegal. ’
In on em 0/ ever increasing
technological complexity, there is still
(I place tor simpler things which have
provon their success over the cen-
turies. ‘ "

Doin’ what comes naturally...

Male Midwifery ‘

From Let’s Live
by Frank Barhydt

'l'he sum lOlcll of Casserley's 25 your
career is one of rema rkabfc succose, it
would seem. He now cslnnulm that hr:
has dolivered‘riiore' than 4,0(lll babies
ill 50 countries withoutdornh or hint of
(.20Inplicdfior'I: no hemorrl’rugmg, flosth
tear, hospital case or compfnmt. Ho
delivers only In homes.

Casserley has rernoIncd faithful to
the prinprle of midwives (to tho ox
font that he has nevcruscd modIczIron
or surgery) even when ho wits rt
medical student in Ireland if) yours
ago. His refusal to use meLlllirlllUll or
surgery, in fact, forced him to pull corn
puny with the medical profossnon.

Nevertheless, he had four years; of
illUillCctl framing us well ru; tho or.-
[ircr'lcnce of dolivorlng f,fJU(J balm»; for
Which to prepare: fIIrrIsritff III flu-.- proton
sion of midwifery. Casserley not out on
his own bchcVIng to tlnsdny IIodIrl flu:
rIght thing.

frrIpthsrbfc iii-3 ll
Casserley (JlrlllllH lo lhin.‘ boon woll
Info his teens; before It was rovonlod to
turn fllhl babies are not (fr_:lIv<.-I'orf by
storks. Despite lIIs snolfororl up
bringing, hedcrndod that In; ernII-d to
be it doctor (Ind soon after hr,- qof lIII;
lrlClS straight, hr..- Wrttlltrtf to ho rm
obstetrician.

first 0er l(l'..‘rit~'r about flIllllflil ltlflll
bemrnc fixed nttur hm:th '1' I. f ililrllltfrtl
School. Ho rccnllss. 'l‘II Im flu: Vt Iry fn'rnf
' Inst could nolrIccopl flu: II fr In llllll it (till
lirttl to han surgory l()l]lVI.- lllllli Sm,-
Ing thmmmpfuxify of tho humnn body,
lcouldn‘l bellow: tins w.u'. [If u 'lrziiirii'y to
ullow hor togIVo bIrlh.“ fll flu: first fr-w
nnfurul blrfhs fro was supnnod to dm
covor llltll than: Writ; no pIIm, ()vm lhw
Yours hIs IrIefl‘Iodt; huvu I|Hl chuntlmf

"litrfh Is It llrillil‘rll flImq Ilsrnsfmd 1“
rI birth, lllril In, tho tofu of n InIdWIlu,
dupends very much on lllU body's rIoI
illdl functions," Our curronf bolIof, hr,-
BUYS, Is to pitch rIr'tht lit and lltlfifillllrilly
inlerlore, “to cut, to (pm if lel, (Hi If flu:
person delivering tho lJrIlty must prom,-
that he has to do sornollnnu” mlhor‘
than assist the mother who does all tho
work.

Many of tho womon whom lIIIlJIos ho
dollvorud huvu ofbowud llIoIr way into
the public's coIIIIcIouIrrIons - uman
ﬂioir support and ooluln'ulmr)

NOVEMBER 5, 1974

flirty scorn,

lltrazaorluy't. stuff. Obstetricians have
totem-d cases to him, and daily he
I':I'I:th::$ mqu (averaging one perduy)
from It doctor or nurse who would lIke
Io know wlmt he knows.

 
 

   
   

f .
lill)tilur;f nusinl ll
now or lIlillL’dl. ft's (ill In pulling
Ir utolhw flu: whole pIcfuro. Wo rill tilrlrl
mm llli' stunt: pr’lrunples.“

(.'.I:;::wrloy lll'lfl‘Vttfi that success

,"V‘lr‘lﬁgﬁcog  .  he medical
hold  ll  lam l‘con-

"'IllllehtlUVI/ll to throw things: dIof, error
4.1151." and IIttIfudo. l‘ftHiIUlIUilli about dqu
IIIIpruuuwf I III lnm Iil (ill curly «urn. f'lc
lI'.‘llt"/l:f‘r In illillllifl foods, lriW foods
ullltlI‘Illlltlllltlﬂtllrlliltx'ufiiilnlllUlliii.lll}
.Ilw. Illlt‘I'lii lm; cllunln lo IIulrllIon
Llu'r'lrllntlli for It morn complete
illnllYE'Ilfi. During flu: orIrfy months ol
yI'uIIIIIIII-y lit: tlIIIIftI‘. VliJItl‘iIllit oxor
lJ-I' Imypnq .md walking, :erl: to fill
provw tho lfril<flU‘/I|:B|Tlillll' :Iynlom.
l‘l‘ﬂ'lf‘li. flu.- oml of prmpumcy In:
.Ell ml 3.1:: fl't Vltlttl'flllh' oxurr'nur, lInl IN)
lfl l’Ill‘lf‘l’
f-IlIIyl.I- flu: tiloﬁf Important (tl thorn
Ifl I, ;.;:‘/IrfIrIloI)II'II| frilllflttlijl. lll tho
Im Illtlil f'tilliitl flu.- com

lmm. llit‘ff‘ I:~;

mon lIIl(:I]IIIlt:If rtllfri, wlmrh lIko tho
lmw .f It rI/mpufor, I'onmuns uvory
‘HI va III flu,- body Willi ovury other
nurrw lt‘IlVle] no :‘IvrlIiirtlltrlI Im.
"Iifilll‘l'llrtf Allilitrlo, IIfior IIff dolor
mun-.1 'Nlltrllli.‘l illl llliltli wqu rtflil

v'.’lll‘llI"f lhv I-xpoIIIeIu-o Will be
plmInIIrIIlIfI:
lllfl‘ I- 'lll my molhoru fin-Inst food
lrlllll lti"'ri§illllltl'llll!
own if Illfll'f-ily Impol tlu,‘
|I|III'I'II|.I ml ‘H'llllll‘flllIlllltillithlflttii
‘l‘r'r‘lfl flIItllluillIllI of mw utcrnn:
'Illlllltlli'.‘ uhvrm; til/.t‘ .Ind
mop-loo,- but tummy, Iiiill lIll flu: lirllly
mlh [Ill izmdn of (lliimrnir llllllllltij rill
IIwaIm; .Ind lllllllllitll IIol «IVrIIfrIlIlu m
ow null: or clIchcul formulas," hr:

lll‘ t.II.ll',' ‘Ili

lllflﬂllM‘h

Itu]
fl'tflll'i.‘

:.<ly:»

Women Ipvmq lrli'lll
morw wt fl'riii, roclIIIIIIr; only when
l 'Il1.l»I'flt'Y fmdu If lllItCUllllril'y forafow flu,-
lllllll «town '(varly puffII tho lIIIby
down on top of tho body'u mrnor
.II'IorIoII, vomit and norvou, Innloud of
toward the birth (fulfill, whun the
molhor ltl lymr) down, ll) contrast, u
mollIoI In vertically wulkmn around
hnr homo donut llUl'l.)lll)i'Uh‘ lIfl tho mo
“Will of liti'lll and Hum tlullVItl'lIH) ult-
flirt), llntiilllit‘ﬂly wurkIrIq wtlh tho lmhy
pulIIIIIt Il dowuwurtf for rm urIIIIor

uro senior 1,

Pee .
trilli’l'frr'r’c';w

 an... ,.
. mts novel or

i’ .. ..'.'

   
   

   
 
 
 
  
   

h.—

\ VA,

 Im, 
Imin

  
 

 
 
 
  

 

 

 

.‘,c\"

 

\

K\

 

_

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
 
   
   
  
    
    
   
    
   
   
 
   
   
  
    
   
   
     
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
   

passage through the cervrx, WIthout
nocossrty of fierce muscular contrac-
nuns,"

()ne description of what Casserley's
meant to one mother
the San Jose Mercury last

‘ . r “ " 
I 
er Ience because 'w s

lillriXeLl in mind and body. I huda nine-
pound baby without fears and no
r-.-pIsIotomy (surgical incision). 1 had no
hoInorrhagInq. Next mornirw, baby
.md l were sunbathing outdod’rs, and l
was back to'my l'Iousewo‘rk." ’

As rounnffy as flzlilb', ()5 percent of
.11] l)rtl)ll;'5 born In the United States
Won: dehvured ill hornc. 'f'oday less
lllIllI lIvo pcrcont, most of thorn rural,
occur ul home. To flu) believers in
homo birth the consequcncur; of
I'fl|:t.‘ll.llrt.] Into (i hospital to qIVc blrfh
IIIIfoI'luiIuic. /\s

(I :iSlSlrl ncc
Il ppou red In

  
 

lmvo boon most
IIwaII of cow becomes more Spoulrrflz
od ll 1:; also thouth to llIlVU become
Hum: IlIffII:;o,In so far as the pollen! Is
worn 'or nod, Muturmly wards lcndlng to
lelmrt lfIII; frond llrin.‘ become more
:slImIInlIIIml, but also Ii|(rl'(: like
.Isuomlily IIIIoII.
WhIlI: tho Unnod Slutou can boast
tho Inmil oppulcnt form of prenatal
vino, lilllllil mortality also ranks hIglI.
()no cim rorIdIly undcrslund and
:iyttIIJrllllIZU wnh the physIcIurr'stSIro
to llIiVl.‘ lIII'. pullontss in the hosprlul for
flu.- Llr,‘llV(:l'y of llu;ll‘ lrnblos ll Ir. «.ton
vonIcnco for the doctor, but iii If good
for Imyono ohrm‘ fr; Ifgood lorfhobuby,
for tho molluxr, for :;I.Ic1oty:’ 'f'honnswcr
Io .Ifl lllt‘tit.‘ quorrllmn; Iii In lllU
llt‘flllllVl', .u'vorqu to flr. AslIloy
lvlonfiuru III lhuIII/ntontxuttunoerr/I.
llit‘ Ioulmu [)Ul‘lUl'fllrllHJU of
wpI:;IofoIIIIoII III hospitals, bocuurro it Is
lliJllUViKJ lllril they are necossary for
4;VI.~I‘Y()IIU, «tit wolf as tho use of
villulllttﬁllt, loads to tho concluslon lhut
Ilium.- pmchcon (Ire "natural" and that
thou t::4r.'lii:nu|1 l5; unnulurolor risky. Dr.
l' rod W, Ptllirt'tiuil, rl Crilifor‘rmr obstofri-
.:I.III, has sugrrusfod that too many
young modIcos” and “thou mentors
tom: truth! of tho fucf llIrIt oluldrboaring
put so, It; purcfy .I physiological
protons and to bo purfuclly solo should
Ililllrilll so. No doctor can fuko u
WUlllrlll to the hunk of olorinfy and be
.lelo always to brIug lIor buck."
LirIssoruly‘s truth in natural birth
follows llns line of rousomug to its
loqlcul conclusion: "When III doubt, do

. ALBANY STUDENT PREﬁ

0'); A Z
.”

,.
II' NI 7
[rut/,1
/ ,

nolhlng.“

GIowmg Interest in home births is a
fact llqu public health departments are
now conceedlng and for a variety of
masons, us one Cirlilormu official
Incontfy noted. "f'ho business of hav-
I’Iu‘ylu‘f‘f’uf‘iy unit/Jilin an cidi 1d ry hospital
Islm' exp‘u‘rime uhd Frequently imper-
501qu craporicuce. Many doctors are
ovorworkud and brusque in their ilp'
prouuh. We see mIdwifery as a way to
lIuInIInIze childbirth." According to
the some official, surveys of state
hospitals Indicate that about 500
Itil'lWIVl-Jh' could be employed lltl-
modinloly If the pr‘ucficc were revived.
fII Incl, hc Is Inchned to believe that If
ho doesn't get lIIs own lay, nonv
Incdlml nndw1fc college slurde III the
“Lil” future, nuiurrrf home bIrths Will be
so run.- In;tobucomrldcredaccidental.

The nurse-midwife concept is a step
in the right direction, Casserley con-

cedes, but good intentions are quite
often nullified when improperly ex—
ecuted. While nurse-midwife
programs are bound to provide more
care to mothers and boost medical
manpower, reliance on hospital
facilities, medicine and surgery will
probably continue. Casserley sees the
attempts to combine modern medical
techniques with home-style births as a
real danger. To be safe, home births
must be free to complications which
drugs and surgery tend to create.
Without proper emergency facilities,
which of course no home will have,
risks would be considerable. To be
safe, home births must be natural.

Though the ranks of midwifery have
shrunk rather drastically in recent
decades, Casserley believes the
profession could be revived if it were
made legal in all states and proper
licensing established. Through the
years, he has been writing regularly to
the Board of Medical Examiners in
California urging such a plan——
measuring the boa Id‘s eagerness by its
failure to respond.

In a concerted effort to track down
practicing midwives across the coun-
try, Casserley recently searched
through the Yellow Pages in 150
different city directories and dis-
covered there were 50. He believes
this rattohwoulcl hold true on a national
jsétale—ii‘Whtch seems to indi’énte how
exclusive the ranks are growing as this
century wears on.

PAGE 7?

      

 
  

  

    
  

