 

‘utc

_ StoteyUnlversity at New York at Albany - .

NCAA Bid in. Jeopardy

by Nathan silent

"We played our best soccer of the
reason in the first half, using exactly
the type of short. quick passing we
should. but“ in the second half we

'reverted to long-balling, which is not

our style, and it cost us." said Albany
State varsity soccer coach Bill
Schieffelin. after his Boaters had
dropped a 5-3 decision to visiting
Union. Tuesday.

The loss drops Albany‘s record to
7-3-1. and casts some doubt over a
possible NCAA Tournament bid.
pending this weekend's games at the
University Center Tournament in
Stony Brook. where the Danes must
beat Stony Brook in round one. and
Binghamton in round two. to
qualify.

Over two thousand fans turned
out fol” this. the Booters' ﬁnal home
game of the regular season, and they
watched Albany come from behind
three times to tie the game at 3-3 at
the half. before John Denio scored
what proved to be the winning goal
for Union. with IS minutes left to
play.

The gameopened with Union con-
trolling the ball.and scoring early in
the game when John Denio beat
Albany goalie Henry Obwald on a
breakaway at the two minute mark.
Albany came back four minutes
later, ‘when Johnny Rolando set up
Chepe Ruano and Pasquale l’etric-
cione on a two-on~one break. Ruano
carried in on the left side. beat the
lone fullback. and then fed Pctrie-
cionc who fired it into the far corner
to complete the picture'play goal.

Union recorded the third goal of
the game when. with the ball loose
in front of Albany‘s goal. Emeriek
Browne-MarkeofAlbany attempted
to clear the ball out of the area, but
his kick hit Union halfback Riclt
Earle in the chest and rebounded

into the Albany net. Albany came
right back. this time on a rebound
goal by. Matty Denora. following a
direct kick by Arthur Bedfor. which
was hobbled by Union goalie Chris
Huban. Huban was injured on the
play. and was replaced by John
Busterood.

With the score tied 2-2. and Un-
ion's Craig Jefferies breaking in on
Obwald. Ricardo Rose tripped
'Jefferies. in the penalty zone. res—
lting in a penalty kick. Jeffcries con-

verted the shot. to put Union ahead .

with 18 minutes left in thefirsthalf.

l’etriccione tied it up for thethird
time. when Leroy Aldrich led-fed
him perfectly fora breakaway. Once
again. Ruano was on Petriccione’s
left. and with the goalie anticipating
a pass to Ruano. and leaning right.
Petriccione beat Busterood to the
left side.

The halfendcd with the scoretied
at 3-3.

The second half opened with
Albany moving noticeably slower.
apparently losing momentum
because of the halftime pause.
Gradually. Union began taking ad-
vantage of this. and kept play in
Albany‘s half of the field. As time
elapsed. Albany drifted away from
its short pass, control game. to Un-
ion‘s long ball. breakaway style.
Time and time again the Dane
fullbacks would clear the ball out to
midfield, only to have it come to rest
at the feet of one or more Union
players. who would boot it back into
Albany territory. as the Dane half-
backs and forwards failed to pick up
at midfield. Eventually. the Danes
were burned. when l)enio scored his
second goal. Five minutes later.
Denio completed his hat trick. with
an insurance goal.

“i cannot understand it. said
former Albany varsity soccer player

The tooth-ll teem against Iroeltport loudly. Ahoy won. 35-“

Mark Solano. “The Danes played
their best soccer in the first half. but
then pulled a second half collapse
reminiscent of the one Union suf-
fered from last year. when we beat
them 7—4" .

“There were several bright spots
on Albany‘s side of the fence."
Solano continued. “the most impor-
tant of which was the outstanding
play of l’etriccionc. who worked well
with Ruano up front. Bob Schlegel
played well. covering the Albany net
several times when Obwald was forc-
ed to come out to stop breakaways.
Obwald also played well. stopping
two two-on-goal breakaways. and
three one—on-goal situations."

Another former varsity player
po'tnted out that. “Union had scored
their final goals after the ejection of
Leroy Aldrich from the game for'un-
sportsmanlikc conduct. Aldrich‘s
ejection.“ he continued. “seemed to
be the straw that broke the Dane‘s
back.“

"Look." said Ricardo Rose.
fullback for Albany State. “You win
as a team. and lose that way. too. In
the first lialfwc played as a team. and
should have been ahead but for that
fluke goal. In the second half. the
defense weakened. the fonvards and
halfbacks were not picking up the
hall at the midfield. and beenusc.asa
team we played poorly. we lost."

Boolers travel

The Rooters head down to Stony
Brook. Friday. for a weekend Un-
iversity Center 'l'ournament. Round
one is Friday afternoon. with
Albany meeting third seeded Stony
Brook. and top seeded Binghamton
meeting fourth seeded Buffalo. The
winners and losers meet in the finals
and consolatioiis the next day. 'l he
Danes iniisl sweep. or he forced to
settle for an ECAL‘ bid if any post-
season hid ill all.

,.
into:

Friday, November 1; 1974

men Dump Danes 5+

 

h Nickler

The soccer mm to now In I insist win situation alter their loss to
Union Tuesday (pletuied above and below).
-  r. .

mekler

Winning Is Gridders’ Poll

by Les Zuckerman

The true indication of a great foot-
ball team is the number of victories
they produce each season. This is the
feeling that Albany State must have
as they dropped to ninthintthis.
week's Lambert Bowl l’oll.
Tomorrow. the Danes travel to
Curry College in a 1:30 start. as they
try to extend their winning streak.

The Great Danes defeated
Brockport last week. 3544. At half-
time of' that game Coach Ford
blasted the team for sloppy play and
poor execution. The ﬁrst halfinclud-
ed two long runs for touchdowns
called back by penalties, and two
fumbled punt returns. by Albany.

Upon viewing the game films on
Sunday. Coach Ford noticed that
the team had not played as bad as he
thought. The films showed good
protection by the offensive line and
excellent utilization ofthe wishbone
attack. The first half statistics
totaled 307 yards for Albany State's
offense.

Couch Ford does not feel his
criticism wasjustifted after the first
half against Brockport. The mis-
takes were made by competent peo-
ple who "just had a bad day". The
Coach sees no reason to fault his
team for this game and is optimistic
saute tumorrow‘s game at Curry.

Curry is S-I-l this season under
Coach Tom Stephens. They use a
pro-type offense. featuring quarter-
back ‘l'om Fair. Fair isa sophomore.
0‘3" I90 pounder. who has been
described as the best athlete on the
Curry squad. He is an excellent run-
ning quarterback. who calls ‘plays
exceptionally well. Fair hasa strong
but inaccurate throwing arm. as he
has only a 33% completion rating.
Albany must contain the running of
Fair and force him to throw the ball.
However. Curry has a specdster at
llankcr in Alan Williams. The Dunc
secondary cannot allow Williams to
shake loose. because quarterback
Fair will have no problem throwing
the ball deep. The only question is
whether or not Williams can handle
Fair‘s errant tosses.

On defense. Curry uses a 4-3 for-
mation. similar to many professional
teams. The linebacking corps is ex-
cellent in both lateral movement and
pursuit. At middlelinebacker.
George Gardner 6'1" 235. is an in-
telligent play reader with all the
necessary physical skills. The outside
linebacking is headed by George
Moran; he has been cited by Coach
Ford as “a solid performer with good
football sense." It will be Moran‘s
job to slow down the Great Dane
wishbone attack.

The Albany defense tiau two of its
key performers hurt in last weeks'
game. |)on Mion and Ken Schocn.
both linebackers. sustained slight in-
juries. Mion‘s damage was more
serious. as he suffered a head injury
that has been causing recurring
headaches all week. It is expected
that he will see action tomorrow,
despite the nature of his injury.

Will use backups

The Brockport game allowed
Coach Ford to use free substitution
for most of the second half. The
Coach is trying to give his inex-
perienced players a larger role on the
field. “I can‘t see going with our first
defensive unit just for the sake of the
Lambert Bowl. We will continue us-
ing our back-ups whenever the game
situation permits. After all. these
kids will be our starters next season“.
Cottclt Ford noted that Gerry
Bennett played an excellent game
against Brockport. The young
linebacker replaced Don Mion after
his injury and led the team with
twenty trickles. Coach Ford is confi-
dent that the rest ofltis second-string
could do a similarjob. given the op-
portunity.

Albany State is out to prove to the
Lambert Bowl people that they do
not care about the weekly rankings.

 

 

Democrats

astociotodpruiwirephoto
Gubernatorial Winners. Above: Representative Hugh L. Carey and
Mary Anne Kmpsak await election results at their campaign head-
' quarter’s. Below: Elle Gris-o elected Governor in Connecticut. ‘

 

 

 

by Nancy Albaugh

Projecting the image ofa family man.
liugli Carey is nonetheless a tough politi-
cian. From a virtual unknown even a year
ago. he has made a meteoric rise in prestige
by pledging just what Americans of the
post-Watergate era \vant to hear - reform
In goi ernmcnt. ilCCCSMlhlllly ofclccted of-
lictiils. more jobs. fight against inﬂation.
aid to schools. and lowering of the crime
rate.

The \'lt'ltll:l' .i/m't'h is Ul't'l' (llltl It'll hmlt'
gtturtlx rurruuntl lllt‘ (ini't'rnor-c/t'i‘l.
Iurpi’tloing lll.\ Ihrottgli Illt' transit or [file
It‘t'l't' u A t'ttnrtlr. ‘It'llll'llll til (lt'.\'ll'llt‘lltlll.

Mar) aiiiic Krupszik. better known than
L‘iirey lll recent years. at least as a State
Senator in Albany. has pledged a similar
pltitfoi'iii with particular emphasis on
both \\oli‘lctt'.\ and ethnic rights.

Shc um rim/ring lvlnrl. [or her victory
l't'lt‘lll'tllltlll. _l'(’l In'r ll‘tll'.\ It't’l’l' [inf/ill. "/'in
going to tlu llIt'ltt‘Al lt'tlll. Tonight's \‘It'ltll‘_l'
l.\ u l'lt tori lttl‘t'l't’l'l onc ll ho hm [ml/i in tlll
Illt‘lt' llltlll'ltllltll tln't'r/ioni. "

Willi 247‘. of the title counted. the score
has Care) 58‘ 1. Wilson 42'... Wilson made
his concession speech at | |240 last night in
his ballroom at the Roosevelt Hotel in
Manhattan. Carey came on stage in the
(irand Ballroom of the nearby Coni—
inodoi'c llotel. posing with his twelve
children (he’s not personally for abortion.
hilt he thinks that c\ci'y woman should
have the right to make her own decision).
and limit said. “Let the hold go forth that
the tll\l\'ititl.\ and distinctions in the
Democratic party have utiited and come
home."

'Ihc ,urt'uling. ginning _/(lt't‘.t‘ of Ilic
(llltllt'lll't'. rlcurli his ‘j/tmlili'." lighted up.
uml the (I/l/IltlllM‘ tll'tllt'llt‘ll lii.r words:

But in \ietory. there was also some
sorrow. “llierc is triumph tonight. but
there is also for me and for my family a
divided memory. We remember our love
for our llelcn. Peter. and Hugh. That has
sustained us until now.“

The uut/icnt'c humid with the memory o/
tlnotltt'r Irish Democratic jinitily—Ilit'
Kt'llllt’llt't.

Carey has played upon their image. Last
night in his speech he cited somcofthe par-
ty‘s history: "We inherit and hold high the
tradition ol hope. We remember Al Smith.
who six decades ago was in Albany. and
Robert Wagner. who five years ago went
fighting for the U.S. Senate; Franklin
Roosevelt. who four decades ago was ill
Washington; and Averill llarrinian twenty

vaeep Election  _
i Carey/Krupsak Ticket I
Retake: State 

years ago in Washington. We remet‘ttbef
Robert Kennedy. who ten years ago took
up the battle of his brothers. We now take
up this light. we take up this pledge. We
take up. if you will. this fight. and we will
fight hard to redeem the pledgesthcy made

. to lessen the inﬂuence of crime in
politics . . . . "

Minutes alter the polls closed at 9:00 in
Manhattan. NBC. ABC. and CBS all
predicted a Carey victory. Walter Cronkite
said at 9:06. "I he polls are closed in New
York. and it appears that Hugh Carey has
won by a wry hirgc margin."

.4 mm: [mm A l‘ Mllt/ he'd been to llu:
Jlit lltmr (II 9:50. ll‘llt‘l't‘ (‘artﬁi‘ was run-
lltlt'lllll (tutti/tug /ti.\ .ilugc l'llll. The AI'
nIun \(lltl lic'tl It'll ttll.

"Ilc told ncusiiien that on the hiisisofa
"poll ttc\cl icvcaled‘ and ‘sort of based on a
picking tip oi grass and throwing to the
\iiiid' a “on of | million votes was iii-
dicatcd. lcll that to your readers. l'ell 'cni
you here there. llp there was Bella Abzug.
lor your purposes she was wearing a red
lloppt' lllll. Also there were Averill
llarriuiaii. Abe Beanie. and Robert
Wagner."

Carey's son one of the many came in
Iront ol the select group of reporters that
his father had permitted in the suite. Tom.
a reddish. touslcd-Iiaircd boy dressed in a
blue suit like his father's. came in. "That‘s
loin. lie yauncd ill the opening. lie yawn-
cd in tile middle. One more yawn and he‘s
out." said his father,

The tlllt/lt‘llt’t' irtts I/uirlt' lltltl_l'lllll
throughout lltt'lllltzlll. thong/t tln'np/Ircsii'c
[Will of l/lt‘ spotlights [ml (I tltttit/Icron
.\/lll'll.\. 'Iln' only .\t‘I'ltIll.\ lull mtnc at about
ll.-Iltl. when the rumor .tlul'lt't/ that il’ih‘un
Il't‘lllt/ not yet t‘tlllt‘t'tlt‘. lityittt'tt'tll_i'. his
/mll-it'tntltcr.\ .\Illll Iltt' .\t'Ul't' Il'tM 5.7%
(tour. 49‘. ill/MIN. lllll‘lll' Innntlt'r uftcr
\ltlli'. 'l'uln. a l't’tlt/l.\ll. lt‘ll.\‘lt‘tl-ll¢lll't’ll htti'
(ll mm] tn a blue .tllll hit 0 hivlullter'x. full"!
in. “'llttn'i 'l'otn. [It'lt'ﬂli'lli‘ll ul Illt’ open-
ing. Ilt‘ ltlllllt‘tl in the tnitltllc. Uncnmrc
i’tlii'n (llltl ln".\ oul." .tllltl liix/utltcr.

’l'hc {llltllt'llt‘t‘ iru.\ juirlr huuyanl
throng/mm l/lt' night. though the tl/l/ll‘t‘Slt't‘
llt‘tll ol lllt‘ .i/mllighls put it tlunt/it'rtm
spirits. 'l'ltu unli .wriotts lullt'tunc at about
ll:(ltl. ll/lt‘ll Illt' l‘llllltll'.\l(ll‘lt‘tlllltll Wilson
lt'tlllltl no! if! iont‘ctlc. lt’c/mrtcrlll'. his
[ItIlI-It'tllt‘llt'l‘.\ .itntl Illt‘ .\t'tll't' was 52%
(itll't'l. 494i Iii/sun. lllll‘lll' llIlIlilIL'S qlicr
llltll t'tnmn' [It'll/it‘ll. ll ilsun t‘tlllt't‘tli‘tl.

continued on page three

 

 

K,
Javits Re-elected to Senate

Rail Bond Issue Passes

Complete N YS Legislature Results

Leflzowitz Re-elected Attorney General

The Meaning Of The Election

Levitt Takes Easy Race

 

'_\

page 3
page 2
page 6
page 6
page 3
page 6

 

_‘_I

 

