 
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
     
   
  

 

    
 

P 0|

- for students through the groups.
. . NYPIltGI .;Dtre‘et'orx Donsld . Ross
and Chairpersonlleter Bluhm were
there;.so‘_tlietel. . . . -

 
 
   

  

     
 

IRGrcamp‘uses were represented:
, Queens.- Albany Law. Syracuse U3.
RPI'a'nd SUNY at Buffalo. Alsor
observing. were PIRG represen-
tatives from campuses now trying to
I join: Ston:_*Brook. Nassau Com-
munity. SﬁlNYA. and Skidmore
CPIIFEG-

SUNY at Stony Brook is organiz-
ed and waiting. like SUNYA. for
word on whether PIRG groups on"
-State .University campuses will be
able to get a spot on the bill. The
Board of Directors was also im-
formcd that SUNY at Binghamton‘s

Bergamo East

- munity and Suffo

: ‘~ At Saturday's‘meeting'all‘rNYP- ~

 VPLUNTEERS NEEDED I
Could'you give-eight days of your summer
to a personpfflicted With MUSCULAR i
DYSTR“OPHY?”;’We need volunteerottend-
ants efor Ounsumiiner ‘cam p: .

 "' ‘ ' ’ July 1-8.9-16. or I7-24

L ' Marcy. New York
For more info. call: Muscular Dystrophy Asspc. 459-8738j

  

’ I V _ Community
'soon' plan to hold referendums; -

The only bad newsth‘e Directors
heard was ,‘that’ SUNY at Buffalo.
which is now a voting member of
.NYPIRGf because it was expecting a

' $25,000 grant from their SA, was in-

formed that they will geta maximum .
of 86.000 and conceivably nothing.
That wouldn‘t be enough to open a
Buffalo office for' the state-wide
organization. which was the original
plan.

Director Ross said that NYPIRG
recently opened a Utica office which
becomesthclburthloff‘tce in the state
with‘; the ones in New York City.
Syracuse'and Albany. '

Ross also announced plans to
open offices in' ingliamton.
Queens. and Suffolk. ounty within
the next year and to birclfive new
staff members.The Consumers Union
recently gave a 55.000 grant.

At the meeting a number of

    
  

_ pica-m fornudenta ,t'veta'ldi’scuss'
’ ed.  are available for
I . seventy-f tummer'interns‘to work
' r oh limitler of projectsinSyracuse. ‘ "
- Albany. and New York City, and

may also. be available in Buffalo and
Utica. Among the projects: In
Syracuse, a study of how to clean up
Onandaga Lake. In New York City,
a compiliatlon of diverse statistics.
preliminary woi‘lt to write a guide to
using the Small Claims Court and
prepare for a NYPIRG Small
Claims Advisory Service in Queens.
In Albany, research is needed into
water pollution control.

Regular NYPIRG internships are
available next fall in Albany.
Syracuse and New York City.

NYPIRG is also running special
Fall] Spring legislative program next
year. They are looking for twenty
students to spend the fall on their
campus. and the spring in Albany
helping public interest bills become
law.

Information about any of; these
programs is available from PIRG at
SUNYA. our campus group. Call
Chairperson Jeanne Slaight (7-7985)
or Projects Chairman Chriss Aidun
(7-5328).

NYPIRG is a non-profit, non-
partisan research and advocacy
organirnton supported and directed
bylstudents. The group. inspired by
Ralph Nader. was formed to channel
research into areas of government
accountability and consumerism,
Their studies are made available to
the member school and it's com-
munity in addition to being released
state-wide.

 

ATTENTION - »i In

 

_ l-spced
_ IO-specd
_other

E OWNERS!

The. Environmental Decisions Commission is conducting a survey
of bicyclists in order to help plan for bicycle traffic on campus this
year. Please fill out this codpon and deposit it in the appropriate
box on the Campus Center Information desk. Thank you.

WHA'I' TYPE OF BICYCLE DO YOU OWN?

HOW FAR DO YOU LIVE FROM THE UPTOWN CAMPUS?

i. xi

   
   
  

I Internationa I r
MIDDLE EAST tsp) - Artillety'tttea along the:syﬁan.|"ge“ {mm and on
strategic Mt. Hermon on Mondgyjlwhﬂe Egyptian- PresidentAnw'ar Sadat
so ght ties with Europe. and praised American pfeace efforts in the Middle
East. _ h “

Israeli forces claimed full control of disputed Mt. Hermon amid artillery
and longdistance tank battles raging for the 42nd day on the Golan Heights
front.

Syria Mlgjgts penetrated into the October war bulge during the ﬁghting.
the lsriie'lilrnilitarv Icemmand, admitted, but a spokesman denied Amt,
elaime that the Syrihns and Israelis we‘re still struggling for control of the
strategic mountaintop. I

The Syrians claimed their artillery and tanks have “inflicted heavy losses
on enemy military installations. concentration points and antitank missile
bases."

'S'ttel'ﬂPOIlQ‘lIartillery fire against the Mt. Hermon peak. where lsracli
forces have been fortifying a new position for the past |0 days, had resumed
after a night lull.

MOSCOWfAP) - Communist party chief Leonid I. Brezhnev and Sen.
Edward M. Kennedy today expressed a “deep Commitment" to milintain
peace between Russia and America and curb the 'arms race.

After afotir-hourlmeetingwith the Soviet leader. Kennedydcchircd he and
Brezhnev were “optimistic that substantial progress toward these goals could
be achieved."

In a brief statement after the session, Kenndey indicated that he and
Brezhnev conferred on a wide range of topics related to Soviet Amcriciin
dctcntc. including the horny issue of emigration from Russia.

Kennedy. on a one-week visit to this country, said he also discussed thc
Middle East situation. European security, economic cooperation and nude.
China and relations. with developing countries.

National

NEW YORK(AP)- A government witness tcstifiedtoday that Mu uricc Stuns
asked his firm to contribute to President Nixon‘s rc-clection campaign Ilt'Ittl’t.‘
the effective date of it new law requiring public disclosure of contributions

The witness. Wtiltcr Hanson. a senior partner in the accounting limit of
Pcnt. Mtu'Wick. Mitchell & C0,. appeared as a rebuttal witncss iii the cou-
spiriicy trial of former Commercc Secretary Stuns and one-time Attoinc)
General John Mitchell.

Stuns had testified that he did not ask contributors to get their Intuit) Itt
before April 7. 1972. the effective date of the law. Stuns said that \\‘t|s up to
the contributor.

NEW YORK (AP) - Analysts predict big profit thtlrgttts P‘v‘l'htll‘hitl In It)“
pcr ccnt above ltistycar--—when major oil companies rcvciil thcir first-quarter
earnings.

The latest profit figures will follow strong gains for the fourth qtiiirtci of
last year and appear‘ccrtain to renew debate in Congress nVCI‘ sonic for in of it
Windfall profits legislation for the oil industry. The giants ofthc inditslr) will
report earnings this week.

Federal energy officials have already said the oil compunics' earnings for
the three-month period ended Mttrch 31 will be “embarrassingly high" or
“'wboppers." Sen. Henry Jackson. D-Wash.. has characteri/cd tlic Illl-
ttctptitcd profits as “almost obscene."

Though a few smaller companies have alreadydcclaredthcirlatest ctii 1110115-
the big firms are to report this week. Exxon. Mobil. 'l‘exiico tuidtiull the
big four— planto make their announcements either lucsdtty or chncsdut.
Standard Oil of California and Shell Oil will report I‘Ittlmlitlk

 

 
   

_..Livc in uptown dorms
_ Live in downtown dorms
_0-2 miles from campus

NUMBER ENGRAVED ON IT?
_Yes
_No

_Yes
......No

SEPARATE SHEET

 

_ 2-5 miles from campus
_5-I0 miles from campus
__ Greater than l0 miles

HOW MANY TIMES A WEEK ON THE AVERAGE DO
. . YOU RI
YOUR BIKE ON CAMPUS DURING WARM WEATHER? DE

IF YOU‘ LOCK YOUR BIKE ON CAMPUS. DO YOU:
_Lock it to one of the bicycle racks?
_Lock it to a stair rail or some other object?
_Take it with you inside the building?

ARE YOU AWARETHAT YOU CAN REGISTER YOUR ‘
‘ ‘ H BIKE A1 N
CHARGE WI l H SECURITY. AND HAVE YOUR SOCIALSECURITY

IS YOUR BIKE REGISTERED WITH SECURITY?

PLEASE ATTACH ANY" ADDITIONAL COMMENTS ON A

 

 

PAGE TWO .

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

XSSWNSION (Alf) ' A top Exxon executive told the Scnuic Itldil) Ills
»- P‘my. Md no Chm“ bl” ‘0 Comply With a Saudi Arabian demand to cut
()“Csuumfcmlcum Products from the US military.
[halitﬁ'Jrgizlg‘dpics'dcm 0f Exxon International (70.. denied allegations
(.t‘ pmdum  ;mP’°l_’°'IY "1 reducing both direct and indirect dclncrlt‘s
“maid ih_ s, Ldiom Saudi Aritbtiln crude to America‘s ttrlllcd Iorccn.
Products reliittidu'l I ﬁfwcmmcni "15'3th mm chbcr‘ I973 Clllttnitttll’l‘ I“
Not 1;, hm _m l lird Countries IIS well as deliveries from Saudi Arilhlil.
bargocs f h, comp icd wf’um I“ch “5de additional cutbacks and uni-
‘ “n a reducmg 0" suPPhcs to the western world. I’cyttni silltI.

State

Emigimygiik (AP) - Former Queens Dist. Atty. Thomas J. Mackcll “its

[in I 0 'in IO'SIX months in jail on his conviction March Zolobstruc-
.Ehpri’iccum" “I ll lict-rich-quick scheme operator.

n S cgiznlimcc was 'mPOStfd by Supreme Court Justice John M. Miiriiiall '"
Eric” "g" “f Quecns Supreme ‘Court in Long Island City.

was guil'oéfc “manna. Mackell protested his innocence. denying that he

Joseph Flclmixnl’dﬂtmtlal act concerning the handling of the prosecution of

' 0.arc itectofthe - ' - ‘ ' ' ‘ -

pr Muckcm m“ had invested. get rich qurckschemcin which menibcis

OMQLDEHNfgxtfioN’Y (AP) - Two thousand gallons of oil remain on the 5"

. ay. one ' ' ’ . 7mm
@2005 near here. ofﬁcials saidfk an“ a canadmn tank" binned I

An :fl‘IVIEEIErII‘tIf-ig mini? moving Sundttlh US Coast Guard of ticitils sﬂid'

‘ o . _ I . t . t 'i "

the spill. ofﬁcials train,“a “I of OII haabeen cleared ofllhti river watcrshltl“

raggingopcrations continued fora missin ' I M

, 8C0“! Guard diver who hit t

to surface Wednesday after lnsp ting the hull of the groundud “‘"k‘" “n'

 

1:3“ Sarnia. Thediver was iden fied as Dennis Perry. 30, of Elizabeth City.
__...-

TUESDAY, APRIL 23. 1974

 

, inmost...»

ciiiiilititcil front page one ,t ' '
The Court felt that Gerber did not do
his almost to aid Johnson. in clarify-
ing the problem.

Meyer explained that the Court‘s

decision was only a rulingon the

legality and validity of what Gerber

calls his “administrativejudgment."

Meyer made it clear that he was
not pleased at all with the entire
procedure concerning the handling
ofJohnson's case. He said that the
Court was unanimous in its expres-
sion ofdissatisf‘actionwith SA. When
asked if any further course of action
was available to Johnson. Meyer
said that as far as his candidacy was
concerned. there was none. but
hinted that action could be brought
before the Court attempting to in-
validate the entire Presidential elec-
tion based on an election law clause
requiring the incumbent President to

act in a proper and just manner.

Student Candi Mayer decided
after observing the Johnson
procedure to file suit against the Stu-
dent Association and Steve Gerber
on just those charges claiming that
the only wayjusticc could be served
would be to declare new elections.

Any suit filed to invalidate the
Presidential elections would have no

effect on the other elections
scheduled for Tuesday through Fri-
day of this week.

Before vacation Johnson picked
up a petition form for what he claims
hcthought was for SA president. in-
stead was for SASU. Johnson got‘te
required |00 signatures and returned
his petition to SA. Johnson said he
“looked at the petition.“ and didn‘t
know it was different from the
president‘s form." When he found
out he filed the wrong form he went
to (_icrhcr, Gerber said he told John-
son his “best alternative" was to talk
to Chief Justice Jay Fischer.

In court Gerber explained that to
him the “best alternative" implies
that other alternatives existed. He
added that Tim should have usde
about them.

Johnson said he called Fischer.
Fischcr said. “I‘ve Iookedhrouglithc
constitution and the election laws
and nothing can be done.“ He added
that the court "didn‘thavc standing“
in the case yet. Johnson said he went
buck to the SA office and made “a
pain in tire ass of myself."

In a conversation with Central
Council Chairperson Eric
Lonschciti. Johnson was referred to
Central Council. Lonschcin tiddcd
thtit l'im “might be getting the run—u-
around.“ “People make mistakes."
said l..onsclicin.

Johnson. upset and angry at Sun-
day‘s turn ot'cvcnts said the mistake
on his petition form was a "human
mistake on miiic and thc secretary‘s
piirt.‘ I'lc tiddcd thtit hc"didn't know
WIltIl the SA president‘s ballot look-
cd like." l'hcsitutition“wtisa luck of
cqutil liclchrhcr didn't offer me ti
complete list of alternatives.“ said
former Sti candidate Johnson.

"I admit to one mistakcnot
questioning.“ said Johnson. "But
when you‘re Ill new territory you go
on faith not scepticism."

In other tiction. council. tiftcr a
two utid it full hour debate decided
by voice ton: to accept the Executive
Budget Committee‘s rcconiiiicndti-
tion to separate Fucrzu Latina from
l?.().l’.S.A.

/ I'hc recommendation called fornn
appropriation of $5.600to be award-
ed to Fucrza Latina. ti minoritcs
programming group focusing on
Latin American and Pucrto Rictin
students. The money would come. in
total. from the proposed appropria-
tion from EOI’SA. which Fuerzti
Latino claimed did not devote
enough programming to its Latin
American contingent.

 
 

the ‘31

EOPSA‘s original budgetary ape
propriation‘ was set at $40,000. up
from $27,000 given last year. With
Fuerza Latina's 85.600 dedltcted
from EOPSA‘s appropriation. the
approved total wasset at 534.000.
In addition. EOPSA was granted
the privilege of use of income. a
device for generating more revenue
for an SA funded group. They did
not have that privilege last year.

 

The vote came afterintense debate ,

during which time members of
Council and representatives of EC?-

' SA engaged in a verbal sparring

match which left both sides em-
bittered over the decision.

Fuerza Latina‘s total budget
would be 89.600 of which-they would
generate" in income approximately
$4.000 leaving the rest of the money
in SA appropriations.

attributed/ram page “om!

happens to be the quadsbuads I
think to be the most direct contact
’SA has with the. students in general ‘
and I would like to see the housing
departments of each quad Work in
conjunction with the Quad Boards
to try to get people womb“; and in-
terested in quad and SA govern-
mcnt.

Presidents:

0. Nancy Albaugh: What are your
top four priorltlea?

A. Wayne Halper: My number
one proposal is the establishment of
ii new type of cabinet wich will in-
clude the Five Quad Board
prcsidents, the chairman of a com-
tnulcr club. and the officials of
recreational. academic .cuftural and
mcdia groups. They would be my

March Crime Stats Show

37% Incident Increase

University Police reported a 37%
increase in crimes during March. ac-
cording to their ntonthly report
issued to John Hartley. Vicc Presi-
dent for Management and Planning.
One hundred crimes were reported
to Security during March. up from
73 during tfic same period in 1973.

Police report that the value ofall
property stolen. ‘howevci‘. declined
Ill‘li. to $2909.

l‘hc report indicated almost 5.000
tickets \Vct'c issticd during March
tliollc. which corresponds to close to
one ticket per resident on the up-
town campus. Parking summoncscs
doubled from less than 2.000 during
March of I973. The exact numbers
\vcrc 4X83 this yctir and 1897 last.

False Alarms Increase

()I‘ all those reported. the most fre-
quent non-scrious crime was for
"falsc iiicidcnt“ reporting. accoun-
ting for IJW, of the month‘s crime
reports.

The two most prevalent reports
were of pctit larceny at 34% and
criminal mischief. ut 2f %. Each is up
from the same month the year
before.

Public Lewdness and Harassment
Up

Crimes against persons decreased
this month as compared to last year.
cxccpt in the categories of public
Icwdncss. ltnrrassment. aggravated
hurrassmcnt. tind menacing. While
there were no instances or reported

TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1974

 

public lewdncss last year. there are
already two reports this year. both
during March. Aggravated harruss-
mcnt. also unreported last year tit
tlII. totaled three ctiscs. all during
March as well.

While value of stolen property in
pctit ltirccuy was up for lurccny I
alone. total reports of that crime
wcrc lcss than those reported in last
year: ii total of NH during January
throuin March I‘)73. as compared
to fit) for that same period of IBM.
Ninc vehicles wcrc towed on campus
during this March as compared to 24
during March of 1973. Cumpustow-
ing had been curttiilcd due to the
energy crisis. but with the implemen-
tation of thc ()(iS shuttle bus
system. it driver was released from
bus dttty to operate the tow truck.

No (Triniintil Possession Arrests

l'hcrc were no incidents of
criminal possession during March.
though there was onc such incident
since January. 'l'htrt incident was the
bust on Alumni Quad during
February. There was no such Ill-
cidcnts at all during the same period
in I973.

Other reported crimes: comparing

March I974 to March I973:
Burgliiry~--6.8; Robberyv—l.0;
Assault—-2.l: no instances of'sexuaf
abuse: Grand Larceny—8.4; Public
Intoxication—71.0; Forgery-l.0;
Unauthorized use of Motor
Vehicle—~02; and Uniform
Summonscs--~23,I9.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

sole advisers and in this way I can!
make Student Association more
responsive to students. I wouldn’t‘
have any f‘yes-man“ around  I‘d

like to see reallocation of funds. I

don‘t think $7.5m should be tsp-V
propriatcd for SA executives. I also

think that EOPSA should not beget-

ting a 340.000 budget. I see a

duplication of services here. and by

cutting the EOPSA budget we might

get one student association going

which represents at" the students. A

third item is student input into

tenure and faculty issues.

A. (Iaylc Knlbloe: I want to make
sure no opinion poll is administered
next year to help the budgetary
process. I think students should have
a role in tenure and promotion
decisions. Students really feel
helpless now. I think if campus this

si/c needs If field honsc. Our conccrts
cam better be givcn. more people can
participate in speaking engagements
I'd like to scc SA officials spcnd
mort- Iitnc with students who don't

. necessarily come up to the SA office.

A. Pat Curran: Involvement and
participation are very important but
you don't have a government for the
sake of litiving ii government. Wc
Will“ to make it easy for people to get
involved if they want'to be. but the
main thing is to accomplish with the
government you have. I‘d like to see
lIlUS/‘gclIllltl‘stllllclIIIlIgZIIIcyINIVCIl‘I
done before such 05 an off-campus
student co-op (I‘ve lcurncd a lot of
Ibis through PIRG this year and by
doing ti housing study); we can have
students. it doesn't take much. learn
something about the housing code.
and iidvisc others. cspcciiilly with
landlord problems. 'I he second thing
would be setting tip ti student con—
sutiicr bureau. People don‘t turn to
Student Association to solbc things
like problems with their cinployci's.
I‘d like to work with the Quads
closely illlti ollci' tlictii inccnlivcsuiid
stiy ‘conic up with ideas und’wc'll
fund thctii."l.ustly I think most
studcnts don‘t feel thcy are getting
their moucy‘s worth iii muss
programming.

A. Tim Johnson: I think students
should have one third if not one half
voice in tciiurc appointments. lthiitk
students should li.i\c housing voice.
I‘d like to loose the "scpurutcnciis" of
SA. If I win and I‘m walking across
campus and you want me to talk to
you well by God don't let me tell you
that for too busy. Too many clcctcd

' officials forget how they got there. I

think we should have coed dor-
mitory housing. unlimited cuts. and
thnt we should lower the price of
bccr.

A. Sum Thomas: Rather than
promising more of this and more of

't A. Helper: AI l‘hompson

 
      

    
     
  
  

    
  
  
   

students. can go when II ‘
gripes with the Student Association
is to the Student Associa d like
to see the large budget hofde like
ASP and WSUA start oh the road to
independence. Finally I think we_
should start to lay the foundations
for a voluntary tux.

     

 

 

  
     

    
   
        
    
    
    
    
      
       
      
   
        
    
      
        
           
        
   
       
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
   
 
   
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
     

A. Chin: Many students complain
that the $64 that they spend each
year isn‘t worth Sf0. During theprel‘
sent administration our money was
spent not on our students but mostly
on the entertainment of the high SA
officials. I would make sure. that
every student knows how every pen-
ny of his money is spent. I would also
concentrate on better relutionswith
the school administration. I wduld
also like to see more moneyfin the (-
hands of thc quads rathcrthdn' in the
blinds of SA control. I feel that the
present committee set-up of SA is
funded organization.

0. Audience: If you weren't runnlng.
who would you vote for?

A. Thomas: Wouldn‘t vote

A. Johnson: Al I'hompson __
A. ('I'iiu: Wouldn‘t vole ,

A. Kniblue: l’iit Curran t
A. ('urrlln: (iiivlc Knibloc

0. Audience: What are your plans if
you loose?

A. 'I'homati’: I'o scc if I can graduate
Cum Laudc. and to keep an eye on
Student Association.

A. Cbiuzl would try to improve SA k

efficiency and improve my if,"
relationship with the administration. '
A. Helper: I would work with the
elected President in thccapncity that
they felt would best serve the corti-
munity. V
A. Knibloe: l nottl go to the rich
tuliiiinistt'utioii and discuss the ways
\\’t.‘ can imprmc I would sci:
what new areas I Ctlll get into and try
to imprint: SA.

A. ('urran:l would go back to NYP—
lRti and continue working thcrciind
I would also continue to tr) and get
my ideas itllpiclllclllcd.

A. Johnsontl think I‘d get buck into
this circus tiguin next year.

0. Audience: What qualin do you
think puts you so much above the
others that would cause me to vote
for you?

A. ('hiu: Iloncsty

.A. lIulpcr: Willingness to incur-

porate titlicrs ideas into in)
programs. v
A. Knililoe: \VIliIl they just said illltI  -
plus honesty ilgtlill and u respou- I; .

sthi‘ity more towards the studcnt
Ilititi Ill myself.

A. ('urran: Iikpct'icncc. both in sin-
dciit go\crnmcnt liist )Uill' and in
\Yl’IRU this )L‘Ill‘.

A. Johnson: All llltll. iind that I‘m
such a nice guy.

A. 'I'Iiontas: I think I offer it new ‘
direction.

I). Kim .Iuliasc: Who do you prefer
among the Vice Presidential can-
ditlatcs’.’

A. 'I‘Iionias: .lohii l’ol_vdouris. He is
the candidatc who would most liclp .i'
tend the SA in it new direction. '
A. (Trio: Kcit Wax is prclty good.

A. Ilalper: I Iuivc no preferences.
they all have their qualities ilnd llch
l coitld work with any of them.

A. Knlbtoe: No comment. I don‘t

care to cndorscninybody. . i l
A, cut-"n: Ken Wiix has experience g ,
in communication. lra Iliriibiium i

.

Iiiis cxpciicncc with the quads. [An-
dy Iltiumiinj has experience in
SASU. Any three ol'those can work
with me very well.

A. Johnson: No preference.

PAGE THREE

