  

       

    

  
   
  
  

 

  
 

 
  

 
 
  
 
 

   
   
  
 
  

_ 4PM,“

if
t
r

 

   
   

 

 

 

..
f
 .
’3
i
2
H
i
J.
g.
l .
:3 ;
i i
V. 3’
'7.
a.
»
l,
f z
t‘
it
If x
M
.‘V.
'.‘ .
t
I. .
Y .
l.. t‘
t i.
r. 3
‘i
,r’ t
g t


E

. 
'3.
if

 

'l'homas j'N.‘ Bonner. 'newly-
invested president of Union College.
will be the first speaker in a series of
public discossions exploring major
social issues and policies facing the
nation planned by the Office of Un-
iversity Affairs at the State Universi-
ty of New York at Albany.

The Question to be probed today.
Oct. 29. beginning at 8 pm. in the
Recital Hall of the Performing Arts
Center. will be “What Does Society
Want From Our Colleges?“
Presidents Joseph C. Palamountain.
Jr. of Skid more College. and James
.I. Fitlgibbons. of Hudson Valley
Community College. will be com-
ntcntiitors.

I)r. Ilonncr. a distinguished
educator. received his bachelor‘sand
master‘s degrees from the University
of Roch ' -r. his doctorate from
Northwestern University. and adoc-
tor of laws from the University of
New flainpshichle also has studied

 

 

November 5, 1974

m.
Presented by SUNVA Alumni Association

Sponsored

at Middlebury College. Slirivenham.

   

 

 
 

Cincinnati.
Most recently Bonner served as
president and provost of the Univer-
sity of Cincinnati. as president of the
University of New Hampshire. and
as chief executive officer for the Un-
iversity of New Hampshire system.

American University (England).and
L‘Institut dcs Hautes Etudes
(Switzerland). ,

‘ Bonner has been active in both
public and private institutions of
higher learning since l95l when he
became academic dean at William
Woods College in Missouri; An
American history scholar, he has
served as professor of history and
head of the social sciences at the Un-
iversity of Nebraska at Omaha and
as professor and headof the depart-
ment of history at the University of

Bonner is an active member of
numerous professional
organimtions and is presently scr-
ving aschairrnan ofthe Yankee Con-
ference Presidents and of the Coun-
cil of New 'England State University
Presidents.

Free EnvironmentalLectures;

“Time and Earth” Leads Off

A series of four natural history lectures sponsored by the New York State
Department of Iinvironmcntal Conservation and the Atmospheric Sciences
Research Center at the State University of New York at Albany. will begin
today. Oct. 29. at It p.m. iii Lecture Center lit. The free public lectures will
continue to be held every other'l'ucsday eveningat the same time and place.

"lim‘and Iiarth Al'hotographic ssiiy" willbethesubject of'thc talk by
llioiiias A. llenlcy free-lance photographer. tonight. He will show slides on
rock climbing. canes. mountains. and nature as he explores some of the
defenses of the wilderness and the way those defenses provide man with beati-
ty. challenge. reward. and a basic reason for experiencing the wilderness in
the first place. lncltidcd will be detailed slides of the change from caterpillar
to Monarch butterfly.

()tltcr scheduled lectures are "Mushrooms to Mastodons —An Inside
Look at Museum szhibit Preparation“. Keith Met/.ler. chief of exliihit
design and production for the State Museum. Nov. |2'. “Wilson Bentley. the
Snowflake Man". Duncan Blanchard. Atmospheric Sciences Research
Center. Nov. lo: and "Fire Its Use in Wildlife Management and lin-
\ iroiiinciital Conservation". liric I‘I‘icd. supervising wildlife biologist for the
|_)cp;irtincnt of linvironmental Conservation. Dee. Ill.

 

nikon presents

MPRESSIONS

0F SPAIN & PORTUGAL

Campus Center Ballroom
8:0 Adm.: Free

p.

by the Educational Services of Nikon, Inc.

 

w" mas-—

 

PAGE TWO

 Are you interested in...
I

Skydiving

If so, leave your name and phone number on the
Bulletin Board on the CC308 Door or call Steve
I Bahret: 462-4585

The opportunity of a lifetime

Training is at 5:00 pm Wed, Room 212

in the Gym and weekends at Duansburg.

 

Ive-tag

 

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   
 
    
   
    
  
   
 

RABA’I‘. Morocco (Al’) Arab ministers discussed pussible use ol'tlicoil
weapon and how to unify strategy against threats from oil consuming
nations. the Moroccan news agency said Monday.

At the same time. Jordan‘s King Hussein and guerrilla leader YttSfr (\I‘alttl
clashed lieatedly iii a futile attempt to reconciletheirdil'fercncesovcr control
of the west bank. sources reported.

I he Moroccan agency gave no details of the meeting Sunday hetwccn oil
ministers of Saudi Arabia. Kuwait. Algeria. Qatar. Bahrein arid the lllllfL‘tl
Arab Emirates.

litit officials said the "threats" included recent statements by President
Ford and Secretary ol'State Henry A. Kissinger that the major oil consumers
regard the continued flow of Arab oil a vital national interest.

In other oil developments:

An agreement by the United States and other industrialized ntittotis to
share their oil in an ctncrgcticy will ttikc final shape in Brussels on Nov. ts,
Iiticnne Davignon. the chairman of the group. said in Brussels.

Financialdifficulties in Europe and lack of confidence in Israel‘s llltttllt'fttl
structure fiave temporarily held tip a $25 million search for oil in the .lL'\\I\lt
state. the manager of'thc oilcxplorationf'irm, Yekutiel chcrman. said in Icl
Aviv.

NEW DELHI. India (Al’) Secretary oI'State Henry A. Kissingcrcnllcit
on India today to cooperate with international efforts to block the spread ol
nuclear weapons.

‘Wc take seriously India‘s affirmation that it has no intention to deiclop
nuclear weapons." he said in a carefully worded speech before the lndmn
Council of' World Af'fairs.”liut India of course has the capability to c\poii
nuclear technology. It. therefore. has an iiitportant role in this iniiltilatcinl
cndciiyor."

lhe Indian goiernincnt exploded an underground nucleardcvicc Ma) lh‘.
_|tlflllllg Iiritain. l'rancc. China.and the United States and the Soviet Union m
the cxcltisiie clitb of nuclear powers.

Since then. Prime Minister Indira Gandhi repeatedly has promised Indm
“I” use its new nticlcar power only for peaceful purposes. But Iicr plctlgrs
llli\t‘ been greeted with scepticism in inanyntnirtcrs. including Washington

“ASIIING'I'ON. (AP) Vice I’residentdesignate Nelson /\.K(lCl\L‘lL'llt'l
said today he has made loans of 5507.050 to personal friends. boson“
associates or rcltitncs o\ci' the past [7 years.

Rockefeller disclosed the information in letters to Chairman llowanl \\
Cannon. l)—.\'c\.. ol the Senate Rules Committee and Chairman l’clit w
Rodino. I)-:\'.J..ol the House Judiciary Committee.

lhc former New York governor IS scheduled to testify before the Scimti
Committee No\. I] on his earlier disclosures of nearly $2 tiiillioti in llflh to
ptihlic officials and staff aides during his [5 years iii Albany.

Ilic Judiciary Committee is to conduct hearings on President l'ord'x \tu‘
presidential nominee alter the Senate panel has completed its probc.

Ilie committee chairman had requested a listing of Rtickclclfcr's loam
between 1957 and |‘)(i7 btil Rockefeller said he was including all lt)tttl\ mad.
lroni I057 through (M. l. W74.

"Virtually all of these loans were made to close personal friends. asxotmto
oi members of my family." Rockefeller said.

llic largest loan to any indi\ idttal was to Robert Anderson. who SL't ml .i~
\L‘k‘ltllll) of the lt'casury dtiriiigthdZiscnhower administration and who um
described by Rockefeller as a long-time friend.

According to thc three-page list. Anderson received a $trl).tltlfl loan .l.in .‘
I‘)>7 and another 524.000 on April I. ll)57. lloth loans were repaid lIt loll
.liiiic t». I‘IS7. nearly two months before Anderson became llt‘.l\|tt\
secretary.

“ASIllM-"IUN tAI’l Agriculture Secretary liarl |.. flui/ sun Iln
world lood \Iltttllftlll is serious. but not yet at the point where affluent Ullll‘
Ii'ics nccd to begin cutting back consumption.

Itiit/ disagreed Sunday with several experts. who said am Id fowl
pioblcins f‘L'pICSL‘lll it costs. "It istiot a crisis." llut/ said. "It is serious. but it o
not a crists."

llut/ participated in a panel on world food. broadcast on NllC's‘chcl llti
Press." with John A.|Iannah.dcptitysccrctary general of the Uiiitctl \ttflltllx
World food Confcicncc; Sterling Wort man. \ice president ol llli‘
Rockefeller foundation; .Ictin Mayer. nutritionist at llill'l’ill‘dlllllLl l 0ch K
limit it. senior fellow of tile ()tcrsciis Development Council.

lllcy gcitciaill) agreed sill countries must increase food production llllll‘
nali silitl tlicicziicmboui 400 million people in the world that are not L'clliitL'
enough to eat. either that are mutually starting or are getting \ii litilc do!
they don‘t maintain good health."

Iliit/ said the I:.S. food policy is one of full production. "(iotcinnmtt-
don t piodticc food. (liin litintcrs produce ltltltl,..lllltl our policy tut“ 1‘ “'“
ililllglcttiogiiicciitncs to those farmers sotliey are going to go loi ‘ltlll pimlln
i .

Asked if pressure should be put oti affluent countries to reduce Illt'lf food
C‘HNIIHDWI- Ilut/ said. "I don‘t think we are at that point yet. I aiglrv “III'
I)r. \Vortniitn that tfieoppoi'liinitics for increased production is Il‘CllIL'lltlt'll‘

"o , - . I .

il‘c “i minim“ m “It Dulmumcnl "I Atll‘IL'llltut‘c have CSlllIlfllL'tl that with

IS“ )Llll ILL itiology “t, can probably increase our feed grant output In -ltl to

~ L‘ " r t _. y . .

molt. mu m “55‘ whf‘” "3 II lllll'd. our soybeans by a third. by mutiny!
L Illusllllclll Ill lCi'llll/Cl which \vc are doing. . , “ ttui/ “tun-ti,

i .- -~ .
initi fir/inm'um ,(AP) Willi-“tulle conspirator Ii. Ilownrd Iliint .li. iiil
"M Li. "t‘ilnday fic lll:tl al'leasl l2 times in appearances hurt,va ﬂ Emmi H”)

I c mix that alter leadingtranscripts of'the White House tapes ficdceideil
to tell all he knew about the break-in,

OCTOBER 29,: 1974

 

 

 

Student members on the Search Committee Howls Groe
must make the big decision under J. Vanderbilt

by Sue Leboff

A relieved Presidential Search
Committee recently closed
no minat in its fora successor to Presi-
dent Iienerct. The Committee mttst
now choose between 290 persons.

“We‘re swamped with names“
commented .I. Vanderbilt Straub.
Chairperson of the Search Corti-
inittee. Ile added that the IastCom-
inittce at this University had only
IX‘) names to sift through. “This is an

  

 

amen (

enormous job“.

Ilclping to make the job
somewhat less enormous are the two
undergraduate members of the com-
mitt. Ifoivard (irossntan.junior. and
Harris I’astidcs. senior. In addition
to attending all Committee meetings
and sharing the regular respon-
sibifities of the other members. the
two have a specialjob 7 calling stu-
dent leaders at the schools where the
candidates work.

 

 

   

  

. m.
left) and Harris Paella» (right)

Straub's (center) Icadenhfp.

Explained Pastides. “We mention
the person‘s name and get an over-
view. Then we get into how open
with students the person is. and ask.
‘Would yoti want him to be Presi-
dent of' your scliool‘." “ So far. the
two have made nearly 30 phone calls
clear across the country. because the
names come from its close by as this
campus and as far away as Califor-
nia. Most of the other members of
the Committee are faculty and Un-

 

Speahers Forum Presents:

nvironmentalist

 

Ralph Nader gained fame with “Unsafe at Any Speed."

by Paul Somiitcr

Ralph \iidci. one of the nation‘s leading consumer advocates and en-
viionniciitiilists. will be speaking iii the gym on I‘liiii'sdny. ()ct. 3f. Admis-
sltill IS lice loi sltttlctlls with t=i.\ cards and fifty cents lorcvcryonc clsc. llic
c\ctll ls being spoiisoygd by the University Speakers Forum.

Ralph \ndci. a graduate of Princeton University and Harvard Law
School. first became interested in automotive safety while an undergraduate
and later wrote scici'til articles for the Harvard Law School newspaper.
lliesc articles were to be the basis of his book “Unsafe at any Speed.“
l’iihlishcd Ill l‘HiS. "llnsafeat any Speed“ brought Ralph Nader to national
prominence when it made iichpapci' headlines. lhc book was a scathing in-
dictment that lambasted tlte auto industry for producing unsafe vehicles.
Ralph Vatch had gained the reputation as the iiiati who took on General
Motors.

As well as working for increased atito safety Nader has been responsible
loi at least Sl\ iinijoi fedcial consumer protection laws. Nader hastilso bccit
icsponsihlc lot the cltiiiiniitioit of inmiosodiutn glutatnate(MS(i) front baby
foods and countless other iidtances in the areas of safety.sanitation. pollu-
tion conttol. advertising credibility and politico-cconoiuic power. llis
documented criticisms of gmci'nnicnt mid industry have had widespread
repercussions on public awareness and bureaucratic power.

Ralph Nader has been called everything from a iniickraker to consumer
cinsadcr to gadfly to piiblicdelcndcr, Iltit no matter what you call him Ralph
Nadei is one of the most respected ntcii iii America today, Nader has been a
smain on the college circuit Cil|llllflllgflll iiiidicncc not only with hisoratory
proficiency lint also the sincerity with which he states his facts and figures
iuotiiated only by his ideals.

OCTOBER 29, 1974

ader and

by Paul Sommer
On October 29. Cicely Tyson. the
star of Sounder and The
.Iftilohio_t:r(l/)lri' of Miss .ltmc I’ilt-
Illtlll. will be appearing in the Gym.
The performance is free for students
with tax cards and Site for everyone
else. Ms. I‘yson who is being co-
sponsored hy the University
Speakers Forum and I3.0.l’.S.A.
will speak zit 8 pm. tonight.
(irowing up on welfare and in the
ghetto of New York City. Ms.’l’ysoti
sold shopping bags when she was
nine years old. According to Ms.
l'yson their salvation was that her
mother was very religious and they
spent much of their time in church.
'l'yson was never allowed to see a
lll()\ ic when she was a child. Know~
ing there was a world outside lll2nd
Street she occasionally would sneak
away and ride it hits to the last stop
just to look around. After
graduating from high school Cicely
went to work tiiitil one day ‘she
pushed herself away from the
typewriter and loudly announced.
I‘m sure (iod didn‘t piit me on the
face of this earth to bang on a
typewriter for the rest of my life.“
After quitting she quickly became
one of the top black models iii the
country. She then studied d ramatics.
l'he award winning actress‘s
career was launched with Jean
(icnet‘s "It‘ Blur/ti. ()thcr perfor-
mances have included ’l'i'gcr. 'I'i'gcr
[fur/ring Bright, and To be (ii/It'd
l'omlg and lilac/r. IIer movie credits
include 'llri' Ht‘tlf‘l i.\ u Lone/Ir
Humt'l‘. I'Iit- I.ll.\l Angry llftlll.
and The Young Mongol, Sliciilso
has appeared in numerous dramatic
television shows including l-Juri
Sit/c. ll'ml Sit/u. a series in which
she co-start'cd with George C. Scott.
Ms. l'yson howeverlitisgaincd her
greatest acclaim for her acting in

Sounder. and Tht’.‘lllItI/lftlgl‘tlp/fl‘ of

{flirt .lmii- I'llltlltlll. lior her role in
Sounder. Cicely l'yson was
nominated for an Academy Award
itiid woii the best actress award from

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

iVersity Council members.
Grossman and I’astidesﬁagree that
there Iias been a marked absence of
controversy between themselves and
other Committee members.

It appears that. in this early stage
of the search. the students and
Straub pretty much agree on
everything. including their refusal to
disclose any of' the names to the
ASI’. The most Straub or the
students would say is that the
nominees include qualified women
and blacks. and that some of the can-
didates come from the faculty
and/or Administration of this cum-
pus.

While consensus is the byword,
(irossman idctitifies himself tlS
quicker to articulate the student
point of view titan l’astides. “I‘m
looking for openness. and an ability
to talk to students. (irossntan said.
He explained that he wants the next
SUNYA President to support the
mandatory activity f'ec atid SASU.
Whilc l’astides and (irossman do
not disagree. ’astides is less student
oriented. “Although we k now Wt: are
representative of the student body. I
don‘t feel that student interests are
more different than anyone e sc‘s.“

’astidcs explained.

 

 

 

 

Both students anticipate adopting
sharper viewpoints oncethe number .
of candidates is whittled down. But
they are as anxious as Straub to
make the Committee unanimous.

If' any students have ideas cancer.
ning what the next President ought
to be like. ’astides and Grossman
want to hear them. They point out
that several of the candidates were
nominated by students.

One student with some
suggestions for the Committee is I’m
Curran. President Vof Student
Association. Ile wants the next Un-
iversity President to be “somebody
who‘s willing to make up. his
niind...who‘s not a dictator. but is a
leader. Someone who‘s willing to
make decisions in a reasonable
period of time...to take flack on
them and act on them".

   
   
 
 
 
 
   

(/..\'Sl It is interesting to note the
nature of the first executive order
issued by Nelson Rockefeller when
he became New York‘s Governor in
I‘lS‘I.

Rocketcllcr‘s firs act was a sweep-
ing c\ceuti\c order banning the
acceptance of any personal gifts by
all members of his \dininisiration.

 

 

Star Actress Tyson

 

     

 

tltc National Society of Film Critics.
In addition. she was voted best ac-
tress at thcAtlanta Film Festivaland
was named "Woman of the Year“ by
the NAACP.

 

Her other tremendous succ sswas
'I'lrc .-futohiogru/ilri' o/ illist June
I’illmmi. a drama especially made
for television. Adapted from the
novel by lirnest (iiiines. it is the story
of the life of a fill-year old former
slave. spanning the century from the
Civil War to the civil rights move-
ment of the 60‘s. Set in Louisiana her
life is recorded in flashbacks as seen
through her eyes. At llt) she makes
the long \‘ttlk up the courthouse
steps to become the first black
woman to drink from the “Whites
()nly" fountain manifesting all oftlte
pride she Iiiid taught the others in the

Cicely Tyson has led many lives.

 

century of her life.

Now inundated with film offers
Ms. lyson has turned down many
offers and plays only in roles she
believes in. She has Itiin standards
and is willing to wait for the proper
roles. She feels the black wotnan has
never been shown on the screen in
the proper way. The black woman
has always been a prostitute. drug
user or any other scanty character.
Ms. lyson feels blacks have been
made to feel shame of their past
when it is something they should be
may proud of.

Not uncommon among reviews
are those like-Judith Christ who calls
her one of the greatest actresses of
our time or John O‘Connor of the
New York Titties who describes Ms.
’l'yson‘s accomplishments as sheer
perfection.

PAGE THREE

 

  
  
   
  

  

   

  
 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 
  

 

   

 
 

  

  

   

 
 

  

  
  
 

 

  
 
 
 

 
 

 

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

