«mu-NHVNWM «WA;

“lathe WI pardon of form
ﬂeshy!“ will speak in the
ﬂmﬂShteﬂn'mityofNev/York
1' MM Wednesday. Dec. 4. at
89:111.. Withesponsarshipoftbe
Umvers‘dy from m

wbjectofbislalvﬂl be'TheFordv

in Your Foum.’

Terllor'u has been a Walrington
“1199011th for "fire Detroit
News” since 1951“ indigo“.
Williamson Duran tissue 1”]. He
has covered every Presidrlrtial trip

abroad and  domestic trips
since nan and Ms been on assiplv
merit in Europe, the Middle East.
Asia. and lath Amie; He was
one of a select group of cor-
respondents to accompany Presi-
dent Nixon on his historic trip to
China in February of 1972.

In addition tohis coverage for the
'News“. Mr. terHorst writes a
nationally syndinted column dic-
trtbutul by the North American
:emtpaper  He isalsoa fry

uen emu ‘ tor to insulates,
books. and perioth and is co—

MGMOESpeaHngofSex'

by Ikhﬂ ran-n.
“Arid there ten facts about sex that you don‘t know? Sure. we're all so
or peabiethatwefeelwecould writeamanualon sexualtechni ues Ah
yeah. But. then again. when was the last time . . . 750] Gordon  
Child and Himin studies at Syracuse University. will-give dfeuiir- lb:
might start you. thinking or give you ideas that voir have not had belur‘ thatl
wr‘ld he’llldfmilii for people allergic to ideas. 1 l c l
c in spea today (lucidav a lid ' '
Speakers i-iirum people are bpllh‘M‘lIil‘lg if: grail—inure (emu m “I‘M
Sol (iordon‘s class at Syracuse lim‘culh’ is not required
He C\pls)l(.'\ the common ririsconccplions.about sex and him 'u i. ‘ l-
lute. us well to till lilt‘li your parents didn't tell you. that \our Sltzilir:")ps
“unhelon :riri'r tulkiir' :thoul. lll.’|l \.‘\L‘li your friends “It”. not krm I ‘m
\ mid got-d" lit» latch tire interesting. ' \L

E
ll-ltcsl Space Still Available

$55 to

Ioundtrlp- have NYC Jon. 3. lﬂl, return Jon. ll.
Complete pub... with nears-admits» as low as 3| lo. I

l

 

 

trioninentulixh illid at

Cell if"! ruvst CLUI anon “"d ""“Wr ‘1'“
night he. I

author of “The President's Trip to
China.” We often speaks before
various civic and professional
orgmrations as well.

I Admission to the terllorst speech
is free with a rodent tax card and 50
emu without. The public is invited
to attend. I

PYE Film

by Karen Abel:

PYE wil present a unique NBC
documentary Thursday night that
take: a frightening but candid look
at the nation‘s nuclear control
organization —the Atomic Energy
Commission. What makes this film
particularly interesting (besides the
account it gives of the dangers of
nuclear power) is that it received
such harassment and pressure from
the AEC that it was deleted from the
NBC lilm library in an attempt to
completely suppress it from public
exposure.

When this ﬁlm was deleted from
\‘BC's film library it would have
been lost except that copies of
POWERS THAT HE were in the
hands ol the narratorJaclt Lemmon
u ho had automatically rcccivcd
prrrits of it as prmidcd in his con-
tract. When the film was withdrawn
lionreueulutionduetopressurescx-

cited nu the Studio by the AEC.
l einmtin rnude copies of POWERS

Ill \l ill; available for viewing by

mien-dud groups.

llit~ ltlrn will be sponsored by
lil tl'iuteet iour lznvironmcnt)
ind will he \iltﬂlll this lltursduv

 eterttng.7._ltlp.m.. l.ceturc(‘cntcrto
he announced. A princl til en-

’ ttuclcur
t it \It'Hl will be on litirld to discuss
question». there

 

IZIIUT.  (AP) Palestinilt Mills claimed on \lond .
that Israel is movrng troops from the Syrian cease-ﬁre line to the Ltb 3’
border for possible assaults suinst southern villages. an“:
Guerrilla sources said a similieant transfer of smaller inlantrv unit [
the Syrian front has sparked fears ofan Israeli ground offensttem sotitliom
Lebanon to reprint for steppedvup guerrilla raids against lsraeli scitl cm
in upper Galilee. (menu
The troop movements have reportedly prom a strai - ' .
commanders of Arnifa. the military arm of Y1: AmfafflraYiZHlIiff-‘m‘
guerrilla group. to discuss countermeasures. ‘ I m
MOSCOW (AP) The Soviet Union sent the backup crew for the Soi' t
Amerrcan joint mission into space Monday aboard Soyuz-l6 tn a rchealel
for the Soyuz-Apollo linkup next July. m
Tass announced the new Soviet manned ﬂight 115 hours after the
, ‘was' L ‘frorn the" " space center on the CCnllalASlan
steppe at l2:40 p.m. — 4:40 am. EST.
“Several hours after liftoff. Tass said ﬂight commander Anal |
l‘tltpchenko and ﬂight engineer Nikolai Rukavishnikm had sda lcdo"
weightlessncss and were feeling well. p m
WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford said Tuesda\ night inﬂation
remains the nation's ‘deadly long-range enemy“ while recesiton will he
hopes. be a shorter-range evil. I
Ford called on Congress to act quickly on his proposed 5-3 h hilltonin
budget cuts and also to enact his employment assistance program
And he pleaded with Congress “not to add more SpendlnE‘" L
Our greatest danger today is to fall victim to the more exaggerated alarm
that are being generated about the underlying health and ~sircncth of out
economy.” the President said in a statement at a news conferendc
WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford said Mondat ntuht the
agreement he reached with Soviet lenders allows each nation  JlJlI—l’lllﬂlit‘i
rind long-range bombers to carry nuclear warheads. V H
AWASHINCTON (AP) John D. Ehrlichman's lamer ml.in (K
District Judge John J. Siriw Monday to consider declanht: .i t hrutmit
recess in the Watergate cover-up trial to delay its completion until lnrtttt'r
Prcstdcnl Nixon is well enough to testify. '
I William Frates made the suggestion while submitting it lottml lL‘tlllN
loercrrntsston to take a deposition from Nixon in California
lhrcc court-appointed doctors reported to Sirica on Frtu.t\ tliit the
earliest Nixon could give a deposition would be Jan. 6. That cuttndtud In
would not be well enough to travel to Washington before l‘eh lit
IWASHINGI'ON (AP) "I think lwas right." savs ch \\t|but 1) “db
of his on-stiigc zippcaruncc with stripper Annabel Barristcllti in lltNl-tll “lll
course. I could be wrong...“
.Mllls studio an interview Monday that his weekend trtp um but nu Itltnll‘
of what he felt was good strategy "to dispel all these tnnuendutx "
Mrs. Buttistclltimho now performs undcrtltc stage no me home I ow. um
2t central figure-tilting with Mills in tin curly morning episode I M ' Ill-ll
L'ndcd when police stopped the cur they were riding in~zind \lle [‘itillL’k'd llllo
the: Washington 'l'idnl lltisin. ' i
Lapttulrztng on the publicity over that episode. she subsequenth .lttl'j‘lt'fi

;3_._.... .
l S (lllU-d week stand dt the Pilgrim lltctucr tn Boston ll: "I he lululliuull

lit ; t  ‘ t ‘
tmhshell and Mills .ttttudcd her final two performances lhcrt'. lll.|klllt.'il|l

onstage trppeurttnec Sunday night.

Vikiwltyug there to be sccn." the Arkansas Dcntoerttt stud
‘ ' RK (AP) Muyor Abrtihtim llczltnc purti.t|l\ burnt-d

Mom‘rlrtrollcr Harrison (ioldm lor the record high interest fillL' iilL' . ll\ I‘-“d
. on .ty to borrow tn the short-term money market.

The r ' v' - ‘ - '
“‘Wor stud that (ioldtns weekend announcement lllzil tn.- mtk

hudt-  '- "
if“ dtlttlfwtlh $250 million more thim llettmc said it wns. “M "J "M"
press relctisc lor trtxpttycrs,“

"It w' - ' . . .
“5 Pm” JUdSmLHl rind tinfot'uuttttc.‘ the mayor mud \\llll tIlHItHH

irrit' 'o.“‘ '  - .
a (‘3', n 9mm“? “5'” dld belorctt note stile. undoubtedly ll \\.t~ it‘llrt'lt‘d
In llL incredibly lttglr interest rtitc,

..
le'in  . - ..
‘ W”) 5d) H “dh hdrmlul. btrscd on the inlornuttion l lteuttl Iltilll lllL‘

financial community." Bcumc added tit City Hall.

in - v v  -
reluctantly rtcccpttng tin :tveritge 9.479 per cent single hid in .i

consortiu - ‘ . .. . - ..
mm: C “‘2‘” "idiot banks and investment firms on ll Stttlll uttlltnn ritilc
~- . it In stud tt stemmed from the city‘s irtccsscnt htlrl'tmlttg pun“.th

NEW YORK. NY. (AP) The New York Post reported .\il‘l1\i.l\ [ll-ll

forme ' - - ‘ . . .
10.". {Lint}: Rifubhgﬂn Chmrmttn l.. Judson Murhnusc ltscd .t slouunn
‘ e" 10V. elsonA Roekefcllc' ' - '
- lltlltl\".\ '1 i * \\ \\t\|lil
up m ssm'ow. t ttttri. ilut in. no

The ll w“ -  ' « '
t. tsptipcr said it htld letrrnctl that in IOS‘) real estate \il'\L'i|l|‘t'|

-Willi‘ W .  H

[KIWnSIILﬁllZ’ClkLIldlzrftlhhfhscti the West lluhyh," pmpcm. mum] m d I “up

~ ' c us it per cct investment fo - ' .
f Ithutl‘ \v (r .' ‘ t t ritukt .t

sit-tidy brick." - . L h w mud .

“lbll.'."" - n - ~ -
sstssmcnt I‘CithLtl tllcofllccxol the Rockefeller I'tttntly lil\\\t'l\ ".tt lltt'

Vcr nt ' - ~t  - ’
u y It )rntnl'tlicy lrusiisscrtcdly been instructed by (lot. Rockefeller InIHIIl
pro tt-mttkmg enterprise for Mol'lltlllhc." the Post stud.

'l‘h ' .' '
'~ “'0 ‘0 ll COrportittou owncd by Mol'lltitlxt: \\tl.\ Ioi Slltldllltl lll t‘tl\|l

und the corporation ttssumcd the unpttid brtltinec ol SI74JI‘W7 of .i
rnortgtigc on the property.

"I'BANYt N-V- (AP) Scrttttc Mtijority Lender \Vnt‘t'cn M. Anderson

stiid lv .  
"id tiff?!” “h.” dlm'bmms “W ""dt‘m’ll)’ on the expense tillowttnee to bc
P t state lcgtsliitors when the legislature meets next ycttr.

lltc legrslrttors‘ tinnuttl stiltiry will rise to $23,500 in .ltututtry. but the tillll)

ullttwnn - ~ .. - . ~
Ct. llllb not been determined. ltc told reporterstnttttcwsconlerencc.

And- .~ » ' . . .
. Lrson stud tltt ttllowrtnec probttbly would be sntulttr to the ttllowunce

 

(ZNS) A leading assassinnilonl

researcher released thisweek‘the ver-
batim transcript- of a “top sedrel"_
meeting of the Warren Commission
in Which the commissionersdiscuw‘

‘ :ed reports that Lee Harvey Oswald.

was. in fact, a paid informer for the
F.B.l. when President Kennedy was
assassinated.

The transcript has been locked up
in the national archives for the past
decade. It had been obtained and
was mtide public by Investigator
Harold Weisberg Friday. November
22nd. the llth anniversary of
.l.F.K.'s death.

The lilo-page document contains
the remarks of Warren com-
missioners who were summoned too
special. emergency meeting in
Washington on the night ofJanuary
27th. I964. to discuss what they
termed “disturbing” reports the
Commission had received.

Chichusticc Earl Warrendiscuss-
cd with other members of the com-
mission rcports from police ofﬁcials
in 'l'extis that Oswnldnlhc alleged
"lone ass 'sin“--—hud secretly been
receiving $200 per month in
ptiymcnts from the F.ll.l. to net as an

'tiudcrcovcr informer. ln nddition.
'fcxns Suite ofﬁcials reported they
had uncovered evidence that Oswuld
ltttd been assigned the undercover
number of S-l72 or S-l79 by his
F.B.l.conlucls. '

Tilt) sources of these "disturbing
reports.“ commissioners were told
were Tcxtls newsman Lonnie
Hudkins: Allcn chtitt. the Chief
Criminnl Deputy Sheriff of Dallas;
ttnd llill Alexander. the their Assis-
ttutt District Attorney in Dallas.

Tilt: newly-relcuscd transcripts
show that the commissioners dis-
cussed possible methods of in-
vestigating the Oswald report. with
most of the members suggesting that
.l. lidgttr l‘luovcr be asked point
blttnk whether Oswnld had ever been
working for the llurcttu.

-llowcvcr. one commissioner.

Allen Dulles-the former bend of

the C.l.A. who had been ﬁred by

The “Three. Slx. Nlne" Bar on Central Avenue where many “98V”

Kennedy -told his fellow com-
missioners: "I think under any cir-
cumstunccs. I think Mr. Hoover
would say ccrtuinly he didn‘t httvc
anything to do with this fellow."

'l‘he commissioners fintilly decid-
cd thin the only way to prove or dis-
prove the “disturbing report“ would
he to summon the alleged sources-~—
ncwsmun Hudkins. Deputy chtttt;
and Assistant l).A. Alexander—and
quiz them about the reports.

However. all Commission records
rind documents rclcuscd tiftcr the
J.F.K. investigation wns completed
show that not one of the three
sources of this report was ever
questioned by the Commission or by
members of its stuff.

Another link between Oswuld and
thc F.8d. was Oswald‘s address
book which was seized uftcr he was
tirrcstcd by Dtillus policc.’|‘luit book
conttiincd the ntllllc. telephone
number turd lisccnsc pltttc number of
F.ll.l. Special Agent Jttmcs Hosly
who was assigned to thc Dulltts office
it! the time of the assassination.

Till: transcript also shows tlttu
llcnry Wtidc. the District Attorney
of Drillus who was it fonncr F.l).l.
tigcttt. believed that Oswald‘s habit
of renting Post Office boxes follow-

llebns

lndlvlduals spend thelr lelsure time.

Tickets:
$100 with tax

Dance Council presents:

Jennifer Muller & Friends
Friday, Dec 13 6'! Saturday, Dec. 14
at 9:00 pm
Main Theatre- Performing Arts Center
SUNYA

$2.00 with ID

MASTER CLASS
with JENNIFER MULLER
Saturday, Dec. 14
1:30 pm at
The EBA Shop
286 Cen fro] Ave. 3rd Floor
between Lake & Quail St.

$3.00 Gen.

lundcd by student association

ed whntIWnde said was the standard
practice for undercover informers to
receive secret payments from the

.F.B.I.

A number of assassination
researchers have claimed for the past
decade that Lee Harvey Oswald was
not the "lone nut.” as the Commis-
sion publicly claimed he was. In-
stead. they suggest that Oswald had
ties to the F.B.l. and other U.S. In-
telligence Agencies: they suggest that
the assassination was executed by
right-wing anti-Kennedy elements
with U.S. Intelligence Agency con-
lticts.

The 90-pagc transcript is reprinted
in Weisberg‘s new book: Whitewash
'I V: .I. F. K. Truiixeripr.

  

. The SUNYA Central Council

passed two bills recently. the ﬁrst
one dealing with the shuttle bus
between the uptown and downtown
campuses. The bill suggests a
meeting to discuss the bus and inter-
view students to receive student in-
put on the matter. Suggested topics
include: later weekend bus. revised
schedule to allow better service at
peak times. and a poll to determine
when bus service is least efﬁcient. A
routine check of students‘ lD‘s to
eliminate any non-student riders is
being considered. but this practice

would inevitably slow the schedul‘
l
Athletic Advisory Board. contains
four proposals dealing with surplus.
The bill says surplus should “housed
to provide capital construction. in
addition to keeping student tax
down.“ One proposal calls for pro-
jects such as additional seating and
fencing off of the footballand soccer
fields. and the lighting of the football
field. These projects will now be in-
vestigated and a report containing
the ﬁndings will be submitted to

C entrul Council within four weeks.
4*

Albany Bar Site of Gay Gatherings

by Adrienne Zuckerbcrg

Robert is ttill. dark. and lttindsomc. He‘s ll buyer of
Women‘s went for an exclusive shop in Littham and has
ltnpcs. one day. of opening his own store.

Judd has his master‘s degree in sociology and is
employed as a social worker fora local youth organiza-
tion. He tried touching for awhile. but soon discovered it
wris not for hint.

Coco (tippropriiitely titledeA-hc loves chocolate) plays
it vital role in the music industry; he's ti producer of rock
concerts and is presently contemplating what he
describes us it “fantastic job opportunity" itt San Fran-
cisco. '

From New York. aiming for ll degree in economics.
'l otntny is at student here ttt State University. Tall.
blnttdc. rind well built. he spent this past summer
employed as n construction worker in his home town.

What do these four men have in common? Well. for
one thing. they can till he found on ttlmost tiny given
night in tin inconspicuous bar on Control Avenue.

l'hcir sexual preference is another characteristic co m-
tnon to all four. Robert. .ludd. Coco. rind Tommy art:
Wiltll society ltthcls. "homoscx util."“l‘ltey call themselves
“my.

l'he sign on the red door rcttds “'l'hrcc. Six. Nine.“ (in
numerals.) If not for llll.‘ little window iii the front (which
I'evertls nothing) you could probubly never tell what lies
behind the door. nor cut‘c.

Upon entering. after you make it pttsi the first door. it
second door ttwnits. The sign rctids. "l’ttrty. lly lnvitti—
lion Only."

The inside is dark (almost dismal). quite large. and

' although not always filled to enpneity. tisutilly crowded
lll all times. lhc :tttttoxplicr‘c is relaxed. quiet mellow
would be at good wtiy to describe it. A popcorn ruueltinc
(dispensing lr'ec popcorn) is loutilcd lip front. next to
wliut uppcnrs to be the owner's or mnrttlgcr‘s office. A
huge four-sided but. tended by no fewer tltntt tour
bru'tcndci's. occupies the corner of the room.

lltc jukc box continuously blush “soul music."

lwenty-l'ive cents plitys two “soul hits." It doesn‘t seem

to pltusc tinyuite liltll the sumo music is pluycd over und
over. l'lte bltiek uttd white tiled lloot Iocrilcd in the rent.
is for driucing.

Very few femrtlcs can be found all “'l'ltrcc. Si . Ninc."
(or "liight linll." its it is corttmorily culled.) l cht on
weekends...l"riduy nights you curt biu'ely move in tltut
plucc.

Unlike the scene lit the typicnl bur. llic lL‘mtIlL‘S ill
“I breu. Six. Nine" do not receive tiny specinl tittcrtlion.
Seldom ll re they looked til. nnd rarely are they offered ll
drink.

l'hc men stitrttl in clusters; groups of two all“! three.

totitlly tibsorbcd in their conversation.

'l'hosc conversations overheard generally range from
discussions ofonc‘s current "lover." to various states and
singers of depression. current job situations. and. a
favorite uniting llllr-r clothes.

Loctttcd opposite the huge. four-sided bar. on all sides.
are tithlcs where one can either sit and talk or observe the
scene on the ditncc lloor.

Robert. Coco. 'l'ommy. itnd Judd llll fch a kind of at-
tttcltment to the plticc. They agree it‘s the utmosphere:
ctilm turd reltixing. Hcre. these people will be ticccptcd
for whut they are. Nobody will look down upon them or
condemn tiny affection they might choose to display
towards one another.

Relationships bloom tutd blossom just us they do in
the heterosexual bar or club. 'l‘ommy met his current
roomtnnlc at the bar lust xcmcsterttnd the two seem to be
getting along just fine.

Similtir to tltut in the heterosexual or "straight"
lifestyle. the four view "their" bttr as u menus of meeting
people. an cscnpc from loneliness. and it nice place for
crisy eottvet'xtuion and ti few drinks: _

Although jculottsy turd cottrpctitiort do exist. these
people are warm lllld l'ricndly. They show truc concern
lor one tutotltcr‘.

liiiltcr ttecompitnicd by their “lover”. or more often.
solo. halving been given the night out. tutd “cruising”. us
they cull it lltc mttjority range in itgc fromcightccn to
about thirty-five. llut the presence of ti sixty-year old is
not uncommon.

Alternate Lifestyles Adopted I

Robert. Coco. 'l‘ommy. lllld Judd wcrcn‘t born
homosexuals. they stty. littclt l'ottnd liisriltcrrtutc lifestyle
\’ll| accidental or intentional exposure to surttctlring he
bud newt experienced before. or in some crises. disrip-
pointiiteut llllli disillusionment with ltisfor'mct‘ lifestyle.

()ii weekends. the but does nltrnct the "straight"
crowd. lltc weekend crowd is comprised of those who
Clljtl} duticutg to the IllllblL' plitycd lllL'l'L‘. rind those who
entered not tettlly knowmg \\lltll riwuiled them behind
the red door.

llie guy sect resents these pcuplc. l'ltcy consider them
intruders iitmdutg lltcu pl'lHIC). The majority of
"strungers" look down upon this weird lifestyle. often irt
disbeltcl. lllltl refuse to iiceept the guy world or what it
represents.

| liedtutee floor is at world in itself. The ncwcomerctin
All for hours. llllllllL‘d intd dtt/cd by the incredible body
mowmcnts displayed. Slim. ztgilc. coordinated. tllld l'rcc
ol llll inhibitions. the daiuccrs seem to httvc ll sixth sense
cttttblitig them to feel the music rind send scrtstttions
through their bodies. causing plteuomcntrl rythmic
vibrations. It is truly it show for the uudicucc.

 

 

 

Pine Hills

moo-ant
9am-9pm

ll 482-1425
' 870 Madison AVG

 

‘Witlu Four halibut W is a. wow

Wine & Liquor Store, Inc.
gift wrappinﬂ
chilled wines
free delivery

.Drlve Our Cars
free To Florida.
Collfornlo and all
cltles in the USA
AAACON Auto
Transport

69 Shakerkood
Terrace Apartment
Albany. NY.
462-7471

 

 

 

 

 

 

I'or'  " "~ ' ' "

.(Jlllduvmw'mli also is being studied. lltc tillowuttcc. “OlVl-‘Vcrt "WM "0‘ h“
' ’ put” to sttitc Icgrsltitors who represent Albruiy.
., . . .. rose who live tn the cupltnl city would be entitled to nothing for expenses.

V , . he srtid.
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

a“ above  St.) I must be" 18. venis old
PAGE THREE

$350 Pel' Bindem lass Information: 457-452

\\\ \\\\\\\\\\\\\

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

___——-—'——

DECEMBER 3. 1974

 

 

