 

 

an C rpcntc a frée man.
lznough has. been said aboutthe Nixon
ency: the rise and fall of the man. the

cease toservcany uselul function. We bavea
new I' dent. who was never elected. and

. have a new Vice President. who

' ' likewise wnrltnev‘er elected. and who. insomc
qu rters ol‘liis hrrme state "pathologically

' despised. Y" . it would be unhclitti'ng if we

' o; surround himself-are lacking

’latives‘ol' the Clinilllltl‘. We have .

' heard enough from the big imam terests
and the powerful hhor unions. Washington
must learn to tendon car to the 'common

American. Need the President heremindcd '

that it was the ﬁnal revulsion of the average

Anteritstn that ousted Nixon from the ofﬁce . "

which he so tenously holds now?
Should Ford manage to truintairi the

respect of the. Congress and the people‘

through the next trying period of ex pcrinicn-

~tation and inﬂation. then he may also
succeed in ending this historic summer on a
note of unparalleled optimism.

 l’ﬁ‘i.‘ ' r. '  .
Oar Friends From“ Russra

So SU N t  with such ti predominance of
chv‘er‘irk‘ciit (and downstath at thatladdtl" '
still‘arnrthercountry to the ranks of its inter;
national stridentsz‘ l'h' Hovict’llnion. In a 7

Vfd‘by nature with monotony.
it's refreshing that there are many inter-
national students Itcrc ltelping to make this:
school trulydcserving of the term “universi-
ty“. the ten Russians represcntu country
lilttil. for llllﬁlﬂlm irl rlithertrbviousmuins'
iritrig'lvc. usAnt'e icons. and ; thuotltcyv may

-hiive’7to. bear with us whi we walk up to
tlictrr and gawk and ask the same questions
over and over. '

Al the press conference at Chancellor
lirnest lloycr‘s some of these recurring

questions were fielded by the ten new titalc
St | NYIAns. erydo wealwaysask about the
architecture here? they called it sunny and

I
We re B ack!

A few rainy days. some weather requiring
jackets. and we know we‘re back in Albany.
‘l‘liey didn‘t even permit a few grace weeks.
some one hundred degree days without
burnidity or something. llut Wt: settle in.

optimistic. l'hat‘s nice. It is reassuring to
"know that American uonict'r'are just like

their Russian counterparts. (\lﬁg‘lllcyllcrcltt" ‘

tell us this‘.’ In part.
the Soviet llniorr and the United States

- have realiled recently the importance of

cooperation and understanding throughout
the world. ' id in' light of their destructive.
power especially between.» each .otbers ‘

Ilro 'li’thcltus‘siansa’rclreresimply olcarrt’,»

linglisli. th it very presence in ms that
progress is‘ iiig tirade towards friendlier
relation. with the Soviet Union. We can all
go bottle and get some sleep more ‘
that the Soviet Union has real people in it.
So we join everyone else and extend a
hearty vvclcoriic to the new students. wishing
thcui'thc best of luck.

sinile. capture for ourselves a few relaxed
moments and study or maybe just commend
ourselves for our independence. A few rainy
days. and vvc'know we‘re back in Albany.

 

fictions (‘niri' . . . .
MANAGING I.I)IIOI . .

Ntws ration . . . . .

Assorurr Ntvrs lDlItll

l'u‘rrriiuv roirori . . . .
EIII'ItilIAl. no: union

Aim ration. . . . . . .
srulswtrol  ..
AWIIAII; stunts nitro- . . . .
Auvuritisn mason . . . . . . .
Militant sovuitstse amen
(.‘uutrrur onumimi IANAG"
‘l'wttmcsuoim 
Mancini! titanic». unit-I . . .
Itruiiuutrvsmll. . . . . . . . . .

.‘irr
.

manta! I" 'llllt' I"

 

(lumttumuu..............   . 
Amtlnstivri mentors . . . . . .Jtrr‘ Autmtiwnz. Ctsm llirssitrr. Micros Mt l'titirreu.

lisvrrr I.r;irsi:rt

. . . Nssrv S. Mll.l.l:lt

. . Nsst'v J. AIJMI'titl

_. . l).vvtii Ilsiotiisorzir

. . . . . . lMstu. (iAINrIs
. . . . .. Mistvv Ar.ivr.vs
. . . . . .Aus I). Ainrizv
. . lluut‘t: MAtititN

.. . Lisiis Mllui'

. . . . . . Lis'irrv Demon"

. . Jo/tnst '. Ann-cw:

.. ...........I'ivrlicsMctiLvsn
. . mun Nirttcnt. Wnunt .l. Stu'n
 Lultwsumn
.........\VanvAruu

.. .rt.

.r Joe lelltll'll‘ll

‘ Oiai orrictu Alli rocki‘iiifi‘d CAMI'UI (.‘trnrcl 326 AND
334 Ann unit rooms Atth 4514M snout-2m. WtiAIE

nitwr Murcier

 

For What It’s Worth

 

Russel llakcr is writing about Presidents
who keep cats arouttd as compared to
Presidents liavitig dogs around the White

' llottscﬁﬂvm Porter is writing about I’M"

Watergate economics. Art Buchwald is
rediscovering humor without vengeance. And'

aside from the continuing speculation as to the -
ftilttrc of cili/cti Nixon. for riiairy readers of '

newspapers and journals is just not the same
without Dick Nixon to kick around anymore.

It has all vanished arid it seems tiiilikelytbat
the new President and his family will ever be
able to till the vacuum that is left in Nixon‘s
wake. As one looksand listens to Gerald Ford.
with his rtru-knorr-.voiiu‘lliiiig-Isrloli'I-knmr
smile. his Grand Rapids wit. and his Captain
ttrrncd (ierrcrrrl ego. it is difficult to imagine
feeling the satire way about him as one did
about his prcde 's'or. l-‘ord. it appears. would
have to participate in the “gross” to evoke the
satire reaction as Nixon caused pcrforrrringthe

'l'lierc is a new feeling in Washington nrtd iir
riiucli of the nation as well that a vile atrtl
sinister spirit has left. Richard Nixon was irot
the devil incarnate. btit his bad karnta was
beginning to strangle the soul til this nation.

In lit years of public life Richard Nison did
rrrorc to corrupt and disg ' the institution of
politics than any other individual. He never
viewed democracy as a system of parliamen-
tary give and take; iiistcnd there was always
sortie crisis created by cncmics whose sole in-
tentions went to discredit his noble goals. Ilc
simply lacked the heart and wisdom to see
otherwise.

(icrald Ford is a different species
altogether. lle [Missesscs none‘r‘if the vin-
dictive-nests ot' the former President. He tirade
quite clear the distinction between
't'llcnli/cti"ttlltl “adversaries”. He does not
possess the rhetorical skills that have made
inert great oratou. yet he given much thought

by Robert Mayer ' ~  ' ,
to what ltc says aiimsmt tics
say approaches the truth as closely as he cart
‘py-rccrvc it. (icrald I-ord does notcomc ol'l asa
polished Madison Avenue carc'er politician
with :r degree in manipulating people. yet he
ccrtairrly‘commands the political'irrstincts and
know how ola well trained. seasoned politieo.

l'ord did not want to be President. not so
much because he lacked arirbitiorr (every
politician wants to be President) bill because
Ive knew his chances were somewhere around
0' 1'. lie was content in the llouscol' Represen-
latives knowing that a man of his stature rare-

' ahovc Mirrorin Leader. In fact he had

, promised his wile and family that once his

term was completed he would retire frotit
politics. - _

(icrald l-ord was comfortable in the role of
§UW1UW to his President. his party. and his
constituency. l-ord's voting record clearly
rellcclcd an Insctlsilivity to the needs of the
poor and oppressed. llis coiiscrvatisrii often
blinded hint tonc realities of the Arm- "ca of
tile l‘)7ll's. lniling to comprehend that “(hand
Rapids was going to survive. Detroit. |.-I\..
and New York would have to as 'chI. lie
accepted the Vice-Presidency. not for prestige.
not because erorr‘s problems signaled his
possible asccutlenec Ito the Presidency. bill
because (icruld l‘ord had rd 'ays been a good
soldier and his nation aird party. irrinrerscd in
a war of scandal. was calling tip the reserves.

l he tact that Ford has been so well received
in these first weeks may he more ofa credit to
ltiehn rd Nixon than to the new President. The
perversity that infected the White House and
tortttrcd the nation has left only the mentory
of pain lll its wake. ‘ ‘

Now Ford must be his own man. llc crust
relleet it much broader constituency and he
itiost accept the fact that the times call for ln-
tiovative policy. not conservative. main—
rirtreatir. status qao'politicrr. v»

.

 

ammo; Samuels?

Tothe Editor: » I

New York‘has seen the effects of had ad-
ministration for the last sixteen years. It has
brought its high taxes. and worst of all. high
and outrageous’tuition. New York‘s past ad-
ministration has ptrt iii effect a drug law that is
way ottt of proportion. and time and again
have tried to put a murile on University
Publications.

What we need is a man that is dedicated to
cut through tlteburcaticratic red tape. To do
this we need a man that is trained in ad-
rniiirst ration. a mill) that has shown its that be
can get things done within the bare: cratic
lrauic work ol gov crrrrnent. New York iiccdsa
rrrnrr that Is dedicated to lrcc/ing the tuition
and rollrrrg it back it possible. We need a can-
tlltltllt.‘ that is vvrllirrg to listen to the student.
and follow rip oti his needs A than that will
veto it necessary any bills that would rulrmgc
orrstudents‘ right to govern tlicmsclvcs. \\’.,-
need a man that vv rll thlcll out for the rights ol
all New Yorkers.

Could lhcrc be such a tiiarr or candidate on
the horizon? I lecl that lloward Snmucls is
that candidate! Iloward Samucls has shown
what good administration can and should do.
He took ()I llaiid tirade it intoa profit making
enterprise. llrc New York government. sccrng
that til ll vvorks.put a 5'; surcharge on each
but. to rrnrr tlic orgarii/atron. llovv'ard
Htttttttcls shovvcd guts when he stood tip to
politicians and opposed (iovcr'nor
|<ockctcller‘s unbusrrrcsslrkcand irresponsible
plan tor Medicaid in I905. Ilr: Iorcsuvv that it
would cost 5.1 brllrrrri and proposed rnstcnd u
businesslike medicaid program \\lllt.'ll leaders
rrl both parties Iiovv endorse. llrrvvard
Nurnncls has been a titan that rs rirdcpcndcnt
trout party bosses. :\I the convention in \cvv
\ork he threw tltc proceedings open. and let it
take Its own course.

llrrs year vvc rrcctl opcrvlroncst gtrvct rrmcru.
with candidates that tile Iiot Irrglucrrud to
shun themselves. We need candidates that

will open up finance rceordr.withouf'being
forced. We need candidates that refuse con;
tributions from special intererits. even if it
means taming down your brother. Howard
Samuel: is that open politician. which we
have been looking for. He will clean up our
government. and will bring back respect to
government. . ‘ V

For the sake of SUNYA students it is ini-
porirrnt that the “ , L" x ' ' ‘. union is
changed this November. It is irnportnrit that
lloward Samttcls wins the primary. trird goes
on to beat Malcont Wilson. I Ittipdy‘till
become involved in his campaign.

Michael Sakol'f

Service Please

lo the Editor:
For three months. the great white ivory city
remained relatively quiet. devoid of its usual

complement ol noisy. nosy. chattering oc—'

Cllptlllls. three months have passed dtrrirrg
which time we give our campus a chance to
recuperate lrom the onslaught often months
oI savage ttlttlsc. lltosc three Illtlllllls‘ '
prised to care all the evils which plagued its
drurug the preceding scrucsters,

| tlsslllllt‘ II can be generally granted by
out In npology mayors and sociology
Clllllllsltlsls tlr.rr man. cr. people. ct‘. rrrart is a
social amoral. Part and parcel ol that nattrr'cnl
lllv.‘ species l\ the need to crmimurucatc with
others at ills kllltl. llic most convenient vcln-
clc by which or: students. and lot that matter.
\mcrrcn as a \\ lrolc.c|ioosc tocorrirrrrrrricntc is
by lltv: comrrrou tclcphrrnc. \ovv don't take
that its .r scrcntllrc survey. btrt since we're
.Iystltttltlg man is a social animal. we may as
we“ assume llc)v't|lss on the phone a lot.

.\|1 lllls lends tip to the Iact that phone ser—
vrcc last year \\.|\ lor the birds. \Vlurl vvitltgct-
lI|I_L‘ lulled tor culls not ritadc by anyone in thc
\lIIlL'. In the outrageous clinrgcs dtriiiped on
sllltlv‘llls Irtl lllv‘ slllltilc plcnsrrrcol getting the
d.rmrmltlcvlv‘c turned on at all. it may lll\tl be
gent-rally .rsvumcd that Mr. llcll \vasr'cally no
\v'l\ tv‘v‘ :11 all.

\rrvv. llIlL'L‘ months have passed. during
which tIIttv‘.lll tlrctclcplioucslirrvc bccritolally‘
.rrrd ltlv‘ssv'vllv dormant. It isn't too tru-
Icnsrrtttllilv‘ to cvpcct that they too. would
rcmvcr over the vacation. Perhaps even
\ | or would rccovcr somc lost measure ol
prolcssrnurrlrsrri. llabll Who are we puny

' world‘.’ ' L .

.A curious fee mg of inadequacy. bordering-
on the futile. criv‘clops anyone when the sub-
ject of American 'l‘el rind 'I'el pops up duringa

conversation. (Who on earth would waste
~ their time engaged in animated conversation

over , Ma Hell?) l'hat nagging feeling of
' ',' _ is only aggravated when one goes
down to yell at the campus representative only
to lirrd that she is so sweet and friendly you‘d
rather ask her otit for ltiricli lllllll chew off her
'at‘. | licy probably pick her especially for the
job because they know no onecarr yellat her.
it's a conspiracy.

ltob .lordnn
Serve Us Please

To the l-Zditor: ,

llu'cc things in lilc atv‘ surc: dcrrtlr. tases.
and poor service iii our cafeterias. [Even
though it Is our lcllovv students who are the
ones sc‘l'\lllt_.' its! Yet perhaps lltc calcrcrin
rrrauagcrncut is so ittcpl or short ol funds that
this is tlicbcst tlrcy caudo. lvvotrld hope this is
not the case.

milk dispensing machines and replacctlte milk f
ave to yell for action

cartons lltfltll't‘ studcn
and stand around waiting in the meantime?

How' often does the cttfctt in run out of its
planned meal items rind then pull‘outu sub-
st it rite of some other item. i.e. clams rrfter roast
beef runs ont‘.’ this often happened last year.
Why are those who eat latcr shorteh’angcd by
having 'ilads. condiments. and deserts run
ottl duringn’rncal'.’ I‘bose vv h’oeirt lirst cat best.
and this should not be so.

llic loud at Indian quad and the downtown
vprarl cafeterias is of better quality and variety
than in the other quads. Why"! I suggest that
students in the other thrcc quads should
receive a commensurate refund ptirt ol'tlicir
hoard payments! Perhaps l'il’tccn per cent or
so. lzitlrcr'tlintorbringall cafeteriasuptopar!

II the calctcrlns llt.‘v.‘t.l more workers they
slltillltl say so. tithervvise they should speed tip
lltv‘ sL‘l'\ ingot rncols. ll is inlct'c .tir.gto observe
tlrcscrv ei'saitirmariy occasions cttr r_v iirg on and
ll:l\llll.' Irrrr. l’lllv:. llut not when the longmeal
lines are cur lcd around the l'lagrooms waiting
to get scl'\cd.

Harold Auburn

r

 

: One Per

by Daniel (inlllt‘h

Maybe you‘ve read that lI'nIisccudcntnl
Meditation (lM) lowers your heartbeat and
makes people more alert. You may have
Ir'rcuds who Ittcdttulc and encouraged you ttr
do the saute. t)r possibly you know very little
about it. associating it with latrsteru cults and
rrlurnatc reality. Islnrtcd l M last November;
stopped In mrd».lanuary.

llrcrc are rivalry misconceptions about the
Science ol Creative Intelligence. llrouglu to
the Western world by the Malrartrslu Mulrcsh
lugt. It has grown among students.
housewives. cvcn businessriicn. It is not at all

like other kinds ol meditation; it is not a'

I'clrgrou. Ihc only claim ol its promoters Is
that It vvrll give yotrr body a deep rest and
release stress Ilile builds tip iriyotu during the
day. Mcdrttrtmg rs very easy to learn: SIMS
(Student‘s international Meditation Society
has teachers available in most parts ol the
country. It charges adults SIZS. collcgc
stttdcrtls M15 and high school students slightly
less than that. llrr: price lrnsbcen r'tsrngdurrrrg
the lust tcvv years.

_/\I the suggestion ol friends I went to an tri-
trodvrctory meeting. one at many that are 11”"
"it: on regularly ill SUNYA, It sounded very
good. I \l'tllllCll to lead a more active and
healthy life. ttrrd was also interested in
reaching the “source of thought." which is
what happens as yovr meditate. It was 545
then. but i felt rich tlitrt week. lvvcnt to he in-
itiated. and uncultured for the first time after a
pleasant little ceremony with inccrw and
gandlcs. l'hcv gave me a tttcttlilliglcss word

SEPTEMBER 6, 1974

called a "Iunutra" to rricdrlatc with.

\\c met with the teacher lor lourdnys ur a
row. luruunciablc complaints. problems and
rlrllrculrrcs vvcic discussed and lor the most
pnl'l resolved. I didn‘t like my mantra; it
\rlllllklkftl ugly. they wouldn‘t give me another
one. though. .So I mcdrtatcd tvvrce'n day lor
ltllcctt minutes. It wasn‘t easy for me to make
the tune to do it. btrt ldrd. l lclt good alter
rucdrlatron. sorriclimcs I came out of it very
alert and other trmcs very sleepy. lhcy had
ﬁnd that both the possibilities indicated cor-
rch lllL'tllllllltllll indeed. virtually everything
that could crutccrvably happen vvhilc anyone
\ttl down Ior Irltccn mmutcs letting a word
run through your rnrnd indicated correct
meditation. l was suspicious ol tltat.

l ;\l people claim that meditation is a new
state ol concronsncss. unlike sleeping. dream—
rng or licrugawakc. It seemed to me and some
st'lL‘llllsls also believe that meditation has
clinractcrtstrcs ol both sleep and being avvak‘c.
lu ldcl. rl nppcarsthat the body functions slow
rip rrrorc Iu meditation than they do iii sleep: it
dccpci rest is nttnmed. Ilus deeper rest is not
essential to lllt’. and tire people I know who
rncdrlinc regularly show no characteristics un-
known nnioirg irorr-mcdrtator's. Any general
drtlcrcnccs lorrnd between rncditirtors and the
general population could come from natural
\ctlttl'illlttll. l.L'.. the people who would start
lllL'tlll man are dill‘crent from the general pop-
vt or some vvttys.

\vlrrn happened those months I meditatcd'.’
I noticed some suurllchangcs in me. The SIMS

son’s Reality

pcrrplr: told us that there may not be any clear
lvcrrcltctal cllct'ls lor years; they nl course said
it was all rrglrl immediately. lousdrvrng
more studying. l missch lc\\el’t‘|ttsscs. lricuds
srrrtl l was more amiable and l lonnd that I
needed less sleep. it was. I must point otit. llic
lrnnl vvccks ol the semester. and | vvrrssusccp-
Itlhlt." to bnbrt improvements.

\ly lrrcnds reacted in drllcr'cut ways. Some
were cvcrtcd. srrrrrc only. must surprised. ()ue
warned me that she had lormcr lrrcuds who
started l lvl and then went into other kinds ol
meditation. lmally becoming interested in
nothing but internal contemplationthey lost
their interest In day-to-dtry lilc and instead
spent hours looking at llovvcrs. llrcsc stories
were similar to the ones describing how a
Illtll'l|lltllltl smoker becomes a heroin addict.

thu I came back to school second
semester I stopped. \\’liy‘.’ When I meditalcd l
watched the lllllt.‘ stars one sees \vulr cycs clos~
cd. llrut became boring. Sometimes I became
so tired lrmrr ruedrtntmg that llcll asleep: this
was annoying when i had someplace to go. I
sliippcd because I didn‘t see why an active.
llL’ttlllly' and alert attitude was best attained
through meditation.

In the months srncc l've stopped I've been
pleased at lurthcr increases in my alertness.
awareness and activity. i need less sleep now
than before or during meditation. I therefore
tend to doubt that I'M had anything to do
with rrll'tliis: it must have been llitll attitude
beltitid my decision to start 'l’M. or just my
growing irp.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

| rlunk cvccrtrsc. u telligv‘ttl ctitnig. and
proper slccp and slllllllllllltlll do the some
thing .ts |\l. ll;i\tttg lvi rncdllttlc rs an m-
convcurcncc. \rlttttllctlly. it can be dour:
:mv “ilk'lk' where it‘s rc'rsoutrlilcdtrrctand crun-
loi‘ltllilc. but rt takes time to lnid such a place
Unless you are one whose schedule has you
Ironic and ready .rt the rrglrt times. Fifteen
minutes a day would .rmount torm entire year
by the time lam sc\cnl_v. Airy licnctrtsol | M
would have to be worth a yearrrl my life. ()l~
t'rnirsc. rt can vorrrclrmes be Inn lodo lkt. llm
that implies occasional l Ming. and that is rirvt
what HMS program intends.

l lirtv c sonic adv Icc lot those til you vvltotrr'c
considering |.\l. It may drur lotloryou: many
people are com tttccd it has made a better lilc
hit them. It may be that ll works because the
tttcdiltrtot' r~ v'vrm urccd it vvrll work; that tstlic
vrevv rrl ll.l>. Skinner. (io tntbc Introductory
lecture. but rciircmlvct to look at the idea of
rncdrtatrug in the conth vrl your entire lllL‘. ll
your goal is In luc longer and better. you cart
accomplish that m runny ways. Look at the
happiest people in ilrc world. Some have been
colitplclcly srrrrslicrl with a simple occupation
and a lamrly. Ulltct‘s cnn credit their long.
happy |r\cs to modern medicine. good eating
and cvcrctsc. lllv.‘tl' spouse or tlicrr frtitli in
Jesus. You can derive supreme satisfaction
Irom lrlc using combinationsol'ructhods: one
ol these corile be meditation. lie reasonable:
don‘t sacril rcc y our enjoyment oftlic moment.
lratisccndcntal Meditation may fit into your
plans. but then again. it may not.

PAGE FIF TEEN

 

 

 

mica-amnuswihﬁf  ,, ":  .. .1-

4......

 

.,: s. «v...

“use d: :34 .4. our;

'4. 4—..‘.a-<.s’v «.

' Wﬂélwﬂ .... sums-«3.; _-,... was.» so: .- a» «area-J - a...“ .3

 

