 
  

 

 
  

n he Ch I Can «
tonight in 8:00. Sponsored

j "Thompson. a native of Louisville.

entucky.” “hides a sharp. in-

V  vestigative eye behind a facade of

'southem comfort." He does hold an
official journalism job—National
'At‘feirs' Editor for Rolling Stone
ma zine. Fired from the) Nat/anal
, Observer and Time magazine-for
things like wrecking the editor's car.
‘ Thompson's big plunge into the
journalistic limelight came after he
had spent a yur‘with' Hell's Angels
and had published “a' book about that
experience—Hell's Angels: .4
Strange and Terrible Saga of the
Outlaw Motorcycle Gangs.

After that. he retired to “com-
mune with his psyche and raise wild
boar and Doberman pinschers.“
Losing the race for sheriff of Aspen
by a narrow margin (one of his cum-
paign promises was to eat mescaline
on the job—he ran on the Freak
Power ticket), he returned to
writing.

  

‘ y Sp H V ‘er’s Forum. the event is 
_ withou a tax card, and free with

 
 
   

  

  
 
   
  
  

Hunwr1honpowmeuliretMacaulaqhgp
and L'oaihln Orrihe Campaign ms '72 I W to melt

, , _. .ewmminnnlneuﬂuwn..
Council Nominations 0pc~ n

Student Association President Pat Curran announced yesterday that
nominations are being accepted for several Central Council seats. a
University Senate seat. and seats in the Freshman Class Council.

On Indian Quad.oneCouncil seat is open to replace David Coyne‘s. On
Dutch Quad. nominations are being accepted to replace Cheryl Schneider
Colonial Quad has a seat because Eric Klein resigned. and the Commuters
need a representative to replace Russ Johnson.

The University Senate has a seat open. Dan Wood‘s commuter seat.

Nominations are open until November 27th at noon in the SA Office. The
voting will take place on December 3. 4. and 5.

Elections will be held on the individual quads for respective council seats.
and in the Campus Center for the commuters and for those Freshman who
live on State and Alumni Quads.

Stali- Iliiivtfrsityv 'I‘Iijjitrc presents:

iii

“‘4.


A

l rilitr'

Nov. 20 - 23 8:30 pm

Nov. 24 2:30 pm

SUNY Albany PAC main stage
tickets 31 2.53. 457 1 8606

 

llllllit tl |r\ \ I‘

  
 

In La vacuum.
tonight. He will answer aueelone. which must be written on s it!

 

    
 
   

 
  
  

“if transom, IsreeI(AP) Hundreds «pious... youthsdelied Israeli
T riot police and shouted ‘Palestine is ours" in Jerusalem today in the first
if Arab protest in the Holy'City in four years.

Israeli gunboats shelled a Palestinian refugee camp in Lebanon duringthe
night. and the Israeli government announced that anArab terrorist had been
killedand a second captured after they swam info Israeli waters with guns
and explosives in floats.

Demonstrations in support of guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat erupted inside
and outside the old city walls of Jerusalem. and the Palestinian flag was
hoisted brieﬂy at a U.N.-run high school in a northern suburb.

Arab youths managed to swing shut the massive Damascus gate——a scenic
wonder of Jerusalem~before steel-helmeted border troops moved in from
behind and forced them open.

Police turned a water cannon on other demonstrators at nearby Herods
Gate. Security squads grabbed demonstrators and known agitators and led
them into police vans.

Police said 96 demonstrators were detained and lo persons were injured.
including three policemen. By early afternoon police and troops had cleared
the streets and tourists were again strolling quietlyin the windingalleyways.

Shouting pro-guerrilla slogans. Arabs also marched in Bethlehem.
Ramallah and other West Bank towns today.

Demonstrations and riots broke out in several Arab towns during the
weekend on the Israelioccupied West Bank. where deﬁance of Israeli rule
has grown since an Arab summit conference endorsed the guerrilla Palestine
Liberation Organization as leader of all Palestinians.

TOKYO (AP) President Ford arrived Monday afternoon for it historic five-
day visit to Japan "amid security precautions so tight that neither Emperor
Hirohito nor Prime Minister Kukuei Tanuka was at Hanedu International
Airport to greet him.

Before Ford began the first visit to Japan by n U.S. president. about 6.000
ling-waving. snake-dancing radical students chanting “stop Ford“ milled
around it pnrk two tniles from the airport.

In downtown Tokyo. a group of 200 South Koreansopposed to the rule of
President Chung Hee Park loudly protested Ford's scheduled stop in Seoul
after he leaves Japan.

Twenty~fivc thousand police—70 percent of thc 39.000-strong Tokyo
force—were placed on full alert hours before the touchdown of the
presidential jct carrying Ford and Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger.
Another l00.000 police were on stand-by orders in other parts of Japan.

Ford is on u nine-day. I6.555-mile journey that also will take him to u
meeting with Soviet lender Leonid I. Brezhnev in Vladivostok.

WASHINGTON (AP) William .I. Ronan told Congress today there was
nothing sinister involved in $550,000 in gifts to him from Vice Prcsidcnt-
designate Nelson A. Rockefeller.

“There is nothing in my relationship with Nelson Rockefeller for which I
need apologize." said Rontrn. who has been a close personal aide and tidviscr
to the former New York governor for more than I8 yeurs.

Ronun told the Scottie Rules Committee that he could not have been
influenced by the gifts. most of them in the fortn of forgivcn lonns. because he
never hold it job iii which he could enhance the interests of the Rockefeller
family.

WASHINGTON (AP) Ncwly rcvcnlcd documents identify 99 politicul
und uctivist organizations investigated by it secret intelligence gathering urm
of tire luicrriiil Revenue Service during the Nixon administration.

The IRS has refused for more than ll year to mime the organizations which
include such nationally known groups us the Americans for Democratic
Action. Nutionul Student Association. the Urban Lenguc und Unituriuu
Society.

The groups were numed in more tluin 200 pugcs ofdocumcnts made public
Sunduy us it result ofu Freedom of Information Act suit filed against the ins
agency by Riilpb Nudcr‘s Tax Reform Research Group.

The documents reveul tlitit. contrary to repeated publicdcninls by the IRS.
the secret Special Service Stuff wns set up us an iniclligcncc-guthcring unit
Within the IRS its a direct result of White House influence in I909.

It begun us it project to identify uctivist orgunizutions and individuals for
possible income tux audits and collection fo unpuid tuxes.

Ihe present IRS commissioner. Donald C. Alexander. and other ugcncy
spokesmen huvc insisted for the post your the IRS never succumth to the
political pressures of the Nixon White House

. Ihc‘documcnts show that even as the Specinl Service Stuff was being
disbanded last year in the midst of the Watergate scundul. Alcxundcr
ttticnipicd to conceal the true activities of the unit by claiming it had been set
pp solely to investigiitetux protesters and people who refused to puy income
iix.

' Iiyltlie time it was abolished. the orgunirutiou had collected files on I [ASK
indiViduuls and groups. most ofwhorn still have not been identified. The IRS
is refusng to reveal what has become of the top secret files.

NEW YORK (AP) A state tippculs court today unanimously upheld the
provisions of the state's tough drug law in what court officiitls suid Wits the
first test of the liiw‘s constitutionality iii the Appellate Division level.

The five-judge panel in Brooklyn rejected on appeal on the grounds that
the law's mandatory sentencing provisions constituted cruel Iilld unusual
punishment and that it infringed upon the exercise of judicial discretion.

“We reject both contentious and hold that the sentencing provisions of the
new drug law represent permissible exercise of legislative power and are
constitutional." the eight page opinion concluded.

The tough drug law was passed by the legislature at the utglngofthen Gov.
Nelson A. Rockefeller.

 

nos two.

sum srunsur passs'

NOVEMBER 19, 1974

 

o‘ "tudentf ’

f Edward Moses “

- a The Faculty-Student Association
is primarily known for its function of
providing'food for students. It is,
however. a five million dollar
business which does much more than
just run the dining halls.

FSA is also a holder of University
property. It owns the Mohawk Cam-
pusand the Goodman Houseat Dip-
pikill. FSA has granted money to
these two places, in addition to help-
in g f innncc commencement exercises
and the Student Loans Fund.

The organization .runs Check
Cashing. the. bowling alley. the
bookstore. vending machines. the
billiard room. the barber shop and
“game-amusements" like the pin-
ball machines.

On its payroll are ISS full-time
workers. and 600 students serving
part-timel‘hus. FSA is the school's
major employer of students.
However, FSA is not involved in on-
campus housing. The main role of
FSA f.\‘f00d service. which isallotted
about 80% of the total budget.
Anything on campus connected with
food: the Ruthskcller. the Quad din-

‘ing halls. the snack bar. the CC
cafeteria and the l’utroon Lounge
falls under FSA‘s jurisdiction. A
spccinl stuff works with Dr. Hood.
intirmnry director. to check out
food‘s nutritional value.

FSA gets most of its funds froru
board (nicnl card) payments; it ulso
mukcs smaller amounts of cash from
the bookstore. ‘

Wlini about the extent of student
power and involvcmcnt in tlic
orgnuiration‘.’ A sketch of FSA
leadership will help to answer this
question.

A constituent membership of 28
people (composed of students. FSA
officials and school administrators)
mccts twice yearly to elect the Board
of Directors. which wields the real
power. The dozcn mcmbcr Ilourd in-
cludes one griid sludcnl. iiud fch tili-
dcrgrnduutcs. Faculty and ad-
iuinislrntion make up the rest ol'thc
board.

According to SA President Put
(‘urrun. the Ilonrd oficn splits ulong
student-udtuinistrntivc lines when
voting. (‘urrnu is liimsclf one of
three student officers in FSA. (llc's

Vice-President.) Murk (irccuberg is
treasurer, and Sandy liodncr is to
be nominated Sccrctury iii the uciir

tron:

future. n. FSA‘Pnis‘ident isi’iohh

Hartley; E. Noibert zahm is FSA's

director: he controls the
organization's ﬁnancial end.

Student interaction with FSA

could be seen last Friday night, at a
meeting in the SA offices between
students and Zahm. '
I Curran began by wondering about
the continuance of the barber shop. a
constant money loser, and question-
ed the gencml policy of spending
profit from board contracts.

Zahm. in response. emphasized
that FSA is in a remarkably better
financial condition than a few years
ago. when it nearly went bankrupt.
He also pointed otit the com-
purutively low board rates of this
University.

Hedownpluycd the importance of
the barber shop losses (six thousand
out of at five million dollar budget).
and questioned the alternate
proposul of u record co-op in the
spticc thc barber shop now occupies.
“Because of shoplifting, the record
business is an extremely high loss
business.“ said Zuhm. And he feared
lensing out it record business to an
outside firm. as the bookstore is con-
trnctcd to Follcttc. This Zuhm cx-
plirincd. might give the state the idea
that the University cnnnot bundle its
own operations and that the state
itself should step in and both run
FSA functions and pocket any
profits which presently go to
students. Hc thcn brotiglit up the
idea of in grocery store in the CC.

Things got it littic licutcd when the
quality of the dining hull food wus
discussed. Student Mike Mcycr
demanded that nictti curd money be
put buck dircctly into the improve-
ment of food scrvicc. and that money
losing opcrutions be stripped. Zahm
replied that the FSA operation had
to bc looked at us a whole. that mcnl
money. the financial mainstay of
FSA. could not be tied down to only
one facet of the entire system. and
that some losing operations like
Chch Cushing providcu rculscrvicc
in the student body and cnnnot be
eliminated.

Otlicr suggestions brought up in:
chided renting out food trucks to scr-
vicc the Qunds or night. keeping the
dining hulls opcn continuously. and
setting up sandwich shops in dor-
mitory basements. Znhui stressed
the extra cost that such cudcuvors

Bizarre Drama Continues;
Carr to Hit Lecture Circuit

(ZNS) Professor Robert Curr. the
former uniicrsity instructor who
clnims the Air Force hits secretly
captured it Il.l“.().. lius been forced
to hire n husincss ngcnt.

l’rolcssor Curr created it sensation
recently when he chnrgcd that. for
the post lo ycurs. ilic l‘culngon hns
bccn concealing nn cxti‘u—tcrr 'll’itil
spncc crqu and the dcnd bodies of its
i2 pilots.

It turns out that silicc the dny
Prolcssor (‘nrr made his hilnrrc
allegations. he has been deluged with
lclcpliouc culls. itiid hits givcn over
300 nilcnicws from his i‘ltil'ltiil
honic.

t‘nri‘s ncw illlnlllChb ugcut.
l on icncc lii‘ill of “I’Sl Con-
lcicnccs.“ suites lhui the professor
wns litcrully physically cslintistcd
lliicl' talking oil the tclcphouc for
nearly 72 hours slrnighi.

Ilrill reports ihui Professor Curr.
tor licnlth rcusous. wns sccrcictl oiti
of his home two wccksugo uud token
to on undisclosed hotel in Iiiuipu so

NOVEMBER 19, 1974

 

 

 

, l .
that he could recover. Ilowcvcr. Iirill
ntlds. no sooner llllti the elderly
professor l'iuiilly fullcu iislccp when
hc wus tuickcd down in his lioth
run in by It reporter from tlic Toronto
Slur. who promptly shook ililll
nwnkc und interviewed him ngnin.

i'lic professor. who continues to
insist tlinl the [LS (itwcrumcnt will
soon uiukc some major ucw un-
uoniiccnicuis uhotit llyiuit snuccrs.
illlS rccovcrcd ciioiiglt to give inter-
views oiicc uguiu.

lie is also shout to ciubnrk on it
nutionnl Iccturc tour to tell his
slot)’ charging. according to lirill.
nhoui $1000 per lecture.

$5 ' Million Businessﬂahd‘le‘gmbre 4f ’

liéy’rr

them. ‘ 

Several complained about the
FSA debt. incurred several yearsago
yet now being paid off by current
students. Zahm answered that he
had tried to spread out debt payment
over a number of years. so as not to
hit any class year particularly hard.
He added that the debt should be
totally cancelled in anothcr year.

The last item discussed was the
possibility of a board increase next
year. In reply Zahm was non-
cornmittui. although perhaps op-
timistic. since he said that despite in-
flation food costs for thc Ii rst quarter
of this year have remained stable
OVcr lust ycur. Large scale food buy-
ing and the new computer system for
meal cards were cited as tooncy
slivers.

   
   
    

 

 
   
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

    
   
    
 
  

 

 

 

 

FSA Director E. Norbert labor is credited with bringing the 5 million

dollar organization out of the red and Into the block.

Stolen Property Value Decreases in Oct

CATEGORY

YEAR
OCT 73 TO DATE OCT '74 TO DATE

 

AGAINST PERSON

§5555§§:::::::________--__
Assault-------------------
Harassment------—---------
Menacing-—--—-—-----------
Reckless Endangerment—----
Sexual Abuse-------—------
Aggravated Harassment-----
Public Lowdness--—--------
POSsession Dang.Weapon—---
Endang.Welfare of Child---

a e—-———————-—-—————_———_

Unlawful Imprisonment-----

AGAINST PROPERTY

Burg ary------------------

COCONOOOOOHH
H
ooool—‘ONHHQQQ

20 106

Grand Larceny--------—---- 8 61

Petit Larceny------—_-_--_
Criminal Mischief-—------- 34
Theft of Services----—----

Criminal Tampering--------
Pos.Stolen Property----—--
Forgery----------—__--__-_
Falsifying Bus.Records----
Attempt to Commit Crim ---
Pos. Burglary Tools------—

OTHER

False Incident Report--——- 1
Criminal Trespa55----—-__-
Criminal Possession--—----
Leaving Scene-Accident---- 1
Loitering—---———-_-—______
Resisting Arrest—----—----
Unauth.Use of MV-——--_--__
Operating MV w/suspended
License—----———-_--____
Family Court Act-—----——--
.Public Intoxication------4

Unlawful Dealing w/

Fireworks—-———------

40 314

Hooch-co

m

w
JBMGJOOQN

o 060 OOHOONU
#0”

0

Criminal Sale of Con-

trolled Substance-—--—-
Driving While Intoxicated-
Trespass——-—----——-——--——-
Disorderly Conduct—-——----
Possession Dang.Drug—--——-
Possession Noxious Mat—-——
Failure to Present Proof

of Inauranoe—~---------- 0
Reckless Driving-—----——-- 0

Cnuipus Security reports tliul for.
()ctobcr. the value of property stolen
ilccrcuscd lrom iliut stolen lust ()c-
iobcr. I'hc most recent figure for ()c-
ioher shims tlini $0577.50 worth of
property was taken. while Inst ycnrni
the some time. $9570.00 of properly
\vns stolen.

Security On The “all

lwu cuscs of stolcu checks were
solved us Security iuudc arrests for
the startling of 52 checks from the
linrsnr‘s Office and It checks from
the School of Librnry Science.

OOOOHO
OO I—‘NO‘OI—‘O

Security soys‘hlic Uuiwrsity will not
stand inouctnry loss.“

Sn siudcnis \\crc urrcslcd for
charges ranging from Driung Whilc
illilHIL‘lllL‘ti (DWI) to Disorderly
Conduct. l-"iic non-students und
stiill \rci'c nrrcstcd tor \niyuig
clini‘gcs I"orgcl'_\‘. litirussnicnl.
loiici‘iug. l‘clit Lurccuy. l)\\'l. und
itcsisiiug'Arrt-si.

In irullic statistics. niilo uccidcuis
declined from iwclvc in October of
lust ycn‘r to tour in October of this
ycur. ()ue vehicle was towed each of

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

YEAR
0 3
1 11
3 15
0 4
0 2
1 8
1 10
2 9
0 ,2
0 1
0 1
2 2
7 46
7 46
57 377
14 125
1 4
2 8
2 7
2 6
0 4
0 1
0 0
23 93
0 10
0 1
4 21
1 5
1 1
0 4
0 “ 1 .
0 1
0 1
0 3
0 1
2 5
0 3
1 2
0 0
0 0
2 2
2 2

liltisL‘ tunes. and iwcniy more traffic
snuiiuonscs \icic issued this Octoth
lildlt ltl Insl .10 Inst year to so lust
liloiilii. lickcting \vns down us
Security hnudcd out 43%| purking
tickets this October. nud (1748 inst.
Dep‘t Photographers 'I‘ralued
Security is currently huving two
officers iru'iucd us department
phoiogruphcrs. As well. Officers
Dolores Harris and Walter
Iuchowski are training with the
Colonic Police Department in il two
month husic Police Officer Course.

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

    

   
  
  

 

t.

,mlw M, “1......-

  
   
  

 

