lliylxﬁrrwmttd ‘rwatl-asmumttarm .ornnrxnrrnimns . encompass: lﬂmlﬂ‘l‘ﬂmﬂtﬁ
Tmlttmrwnnmtsanm serum Sintmﬂ — liaiwa tunnels-mar rm mite 1mm? lift?
atlmomonwmh alumna-turn! «annotate: annoy ancient-e the $1?h—ttlimre lei gin.
anthmtmnreenammmircahmz:uiteoailxultuwrrirzrm from irrtmiiunenrrs
thM,pnaarrzarlj , commutes mammoth and! camarer stilt-re mile
rimntitma-itfmpamh amt nocturnal/Jimmie month (regattas; no mo Still-iii.-
cmnpurasa multivariate; alarms .Fﬂﬂlmff.‘ marmanm' ort'tarr hi‘qttarr rrnttttt
functions; Ghrnmmttiazswatlirmmn‘iomsltramimnmuntmaw

$5555

 

Mahala-tritium" l ' ' ‘ »
am 4 shill hurrnlmpmrattileslimemlte

— matstwngrmm
- marine-mitt rtutwrmnmi’o;
'- Mummaiuurrac‘ammlam
- fault/gummutaottumwmrmnv;
- We" (martyr: notation:
tantalum lmorratr. rotomoniltnlum rams. lrrganumatntxzmw

lownhmtmtmarlumr. all i rriiomlomlrrrymomai rrm’m'urn nwmlilu
notation.- I
n T"
riromom mlvmrr; J, ’1
- lmmritmmlnnn ornr'assolanttryarrvtmm
V I . I , _ rniy;—ulluwmronarmo-
mamas! nirrn‘x-tmulrrdnrmrrnry,‘ n :rxznrnmt-or' amortisation.
- 'Mmmrr ' rmxmlm' “
munurmtrrmmnamury;

- Cmuulmuss-mswmnur ltlnianllmrnlértlrutai usagatl mxtlrrrlmn
1

my}. in:

v(2amnlttusuirrrtxtitmlrn'nrrurnumnm m zrs-zzlj“ H99»: 7 ‘
:uirmall:m:i1tlllfllllllillllll:eill 4' i “a JMW'  mm!"

r trrrrrwrrro 'rutummlu'rtly ruvo'omllim
. . .. . . .rmmlunzvnonlrnl a . '
in,rrrrrrnur'ttrurr illl‘ormsistttnrr ill?" M ( “mmmmvm

'- l‘rrrtnrmn.rrrarrnlurrri ,rr ihllrilflﬂl‘lllnllltlm .nrnmott.

w“autumnurrrrtn"mvrnnmceurrumitn til ii i" '
V . . _ -. u . ll ‘  :
zmqrrrmml..£cnrrtls. W m mum“ mm

- lilnritlry,rtrrrvrrtas r rwrrtlnw. unrurrr’ltlw. flntiilll'l'll'tfillitzmllliltli

want . iiklﬁtﬁli

Ax;— {ﬁl‘a an

..
. Volga; Ji '1
..

ave-gymnawmm... . .

Phi Beta: Kappailn   I,   ee»

The formal initiation fo newly
elected membersof the SUNYA
chapter of Phi Beta Kappa will take
place on Thursday evening Dec. 12
at 7:30 in the Assembly Room ofthe
Campus Center. It should be noted
that only seniors graduating this
month were candidates for election
at this time. in the spring of I975
there will be another selection and
initiation for which a fcwjuniorsand
graduate students as well as May
seniors will be eligible.

Since the Phi Beta Kappa chapter
at Albany is less than a year old not
everyone in the University com-
munity is familiar with the criteria
that deﬁne eligibility. It should be
emphasized that an excellent
cumulative grade-point average is
not sufficient by itself. Students
must be enrolled in the College of
Arts and Sciences and they must
have completed at least forty-live
credit hours on this campus. It is
further required that condidates
have a broad distribution of course
work in liberal arts disciplines: the
humanities. social sciences. natural
sciences. mathematics and a foreign

‘ language. It is this commitment to

the ideal of wideranging intellectual
excellence that distinguishes Phi
Beta Kappa from the morespecializ-
ed honorary societies. said Warner
Cadbury, Chairman of SUNYA‘s
Phi Beta Kappa Committee

Candidates are nominated by a
special Committee on Members in
Course that include James Corbett
(Physics). Roger Oesterreich
(Psychology). Matthew Elbow
(History). Fred Moore (French).
Malcolm Sherman (Mathematics).
Perry Westbrook (English) with
Elizabeth Batten and Barry Bennett
as student representatives. any of
whom would be happy to reply to en-
quiries about Phi Beta Kappa and
the selection procedures.

Atthe prestigous fratemity's first
initiation ceremony last May.
Professor Robert Donovan of the
English Department spoke on “The
Life of the Mind in the Last Quarter
of the Twentieth Century." His
remarks have just been published
and copies may be obtained from
Professor Arthur Ekirch in the
History Department.

The Nominees .

STUDEN 1‘ NA ME

MAJOR DEPARTMENT

Archit/el. Paul M. History
Bttder. Randi J. . RCO
Cantore. Jean M. English
"in is. Sharon English
l)oerncr. Jeffrey F. I Biology
Ellenbogen. Sanford N. Sociology
Fallon. Veronica M. English

Fuller. Ktttlt)‘ s. Psychology 

(iillnnin. Sheri l). Mothemlticl

(ireil'inger. Rhonda R. Psychology ‘
a... at... s. . mam...“ Against Boston
Kigncr. Brent M. Mathematics

Kint/el. Rnhet'lV. Germ“ R i m  . d I

Kupietl. Roberta Psychology

Kit/malt. Patricia A. Mathematics

Letteron. Ronald I..
Malilsky. Barbara C.
Mcrnoic. Alfred M.

A demonstration in lBoIton;
against racism is being planned [or
December is by a national group

pm“, Jung (i. Anthropology calling themselves the “Emergency
Rockell. Ilarhara History Committee fora National Mobiliza-
Scllaller. Laurence M. History (ion Against Racism,"

Sclllll'l. IIL‘IlL' M. Philosophy Qty-campus. the People for
Sllcl'm'd-Almm- (m‘gmphy Socialism and Fuerza Latina are

Siher. Jonathan English
Inn/titan. lzstlicr 5. Biology
Wassnn. And-ea R. French
locker. .locl ll. Economics

THINK OF US WHEN
YOU’RE READY TO PARTY!

madison liquor 81 wine co., inc.

438 - 3565

1078 MADISON
(across from Price chopper)

sponsoring three buses to take local
Albany demonstrators to Boston.

Last week. Coretta King led I
march in support of the busing of
blacks. an estimated 6.000 people
attending. Spokesmen for the
Socialist group here said their
demonstration “would be against
racism in a general sense."

1 hey continued. saying. “The
thing is. people from the Ku Klutt
Klan and the John Birch Society are
going there the next day. it‘simpor-‘
rant that we get a big turnout.“

National organizations and in-
divrduals who support the
demonstration include the American
Indian Movement. La Rara Unida
party. the Coalition of Labor Union
Women. the San Quentin Six. the
Holt-dad Brothers. the Attica
llrolhcrs. and Father Philip
llcrrigan.

 

ty.

If you’re one of tomorrow’s physicians,
there are some things you should know

 

Love is a giving thing.

so give the gift of love

. . . a Keepsake diamond ring.
Choose from perfect solitaires.
beautiful matched sets and trios.
Modern and traditional settings
in precious 14K gold. Keepsake,
there is no finer diamond ring.

Tull fulmllurrr tArivrovr «Mon [Apr VAlti r UlllliANIA w n" A H Pam, Co
Find your Karim-tut Juwulull or Inn Yullow plain or our lrtro ooocu-Gooo In Court Boo-uazasoo

 

 

 

 

HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING
Send now 20 on booklol._' Planning Your Engagement and Wedding ' plus
lull color folder and 44 no. Brrdo‘s Book null offer all Ior only 35¢ p.74

mm- i...”

Tel-m Inmo

srrru4____.-...,_.___.__,~__ 1m... _ 7. . _.w_

KEEPSAKE DlAMOND RINGS. BOX 90. SYRACUSE. N Y l3201

 

 

 

 

 

 

~ - o. l m
For instance. You should know about the op-

portunities offered by Armed Forces Health
Care. As an officer in the service of your
choice you'll work in modern facilities. With
up-to-date equipment. And modern, up-to-
date professionals in every area of Health
Care.

For example. You should know that
Armed Forces Health Care offers opportuni-
ties for initial training and advanced study In
practically every specialty. Not to mention
the opportunity to practice It.

You should know. too. that we make it
possible for you to pursue a post-residency
fellowship at either military or civilian instl~
tutlons.

And if all this strikes a spark. then you
should certainly know about our scholarship
program.

It you qualify. the tuition for your medi-
cal education will be covered fully while you
participate in the program. And during that
time you‘ll receive a good monthly stipend.

Just one more thing...we think if you
know all the facts, today, you may want to be
one of us tomorrow.

Find out. Send in the coupon and get
the facts. . .today.

There are limited openlnls for academic year 1975-1976.
Armed Forc . .
Pio‘ Box Fes Scholarships 1cm“
Peona,l|l.6i614

l desire Information lor the lollowmg program:
Army:l NavyD ArrForcoj MedchlL}

Denial V Velermary‘ f: Podiatry: OptometryD
Psychology (PhD) E

Name

 

(please [It Int)
Soc. Sec. :_____._Ptrone

Address

City
stare___________.._zrp
Enrolled BL...—

(school)
To graduate in

Data of birth
(month) an ear
'Vl‘leltnlly riot Available in Navy magi-"ii ‘1 ’

imnnlhl lyuri (deuce)

 

 

 

Ann“ Forcoo Ito-MI con
Dedicated to Medicine and the people who practice it.

 

 

 

DECEMBER 6, 1974

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE FIVE

stews-xterm.  ‘

 

