’ The. questbn is, can you can vote
against ah institution? Judging by pre-
election" polls, the answer seems to be,
yes,~you ' 'ay vote against Lefkowitz or
Levitt, bdfl why bother? ' '

The latest AGallup Poll showed
Lefkowitzi leading his Democratic op-
ponent, Robert Abrams, by 23 percen-
tage mills. And a majority of voters

_thought Arthur levitt was ordained
Comptroller by Godfso they refused to
even consider his Republican

’ challenger, Stephen May.

Tnghest Challenge ,

Actually,‘ the Attorney General's
_ race'shapes up as Lefkowitz's toughest
battle in a long time. Robert Abrams,
on leave .gflom his office as Bronx
Borough "President, has waged an
aggresive campaign. For his part,
Lefkowits has angrily denied all of
Abrams charges, suggesting that
Abrams get busy fixing up Yankee
Stadium, so Bobby Murcer can hit
home runs again.

Together the two candidates have
issued enough press releases to keep
two recycling plants busy for a year.
And the avalanche continues.

Basically the debate between
Abrams and Lefkowitz centers on ter-
minology. lefkowitz refers to himself as

’ “the people's lawyer." “We have ac-
complished much in behalf of the con-
sumer, and in the cause of women's
rights/f Lefkowitz says about his 18
years in office.

But Abrams calls Lefkowitz, "the
Governor's lawyer," saying that

behind the Attorney General's liberal '

image, stands a defender of the in-
terests of Nelson Rockefeller, Malcolm
Wilson, and big business.
According to his campaign
literature, Abrams has been a one man
Don Quixote in his battles with huge
corporations, and monolithic govern-
ment agencies. “Abrams vs.
Telephone Company," "Abrams Sues
Coan," Abrams Attacks insurance
Companies", are some of the headlines
used by Abrams to demonstrate his in-

r—

 

'1'

Judging by pre-election polls,
the answer seems to be, '
Yes, you may vote against
Lefkowitz and Levitt,
but why bother? -'

"Mil fl”,li.fl purl stir/1:1,rfutm- 'rtrf it. 1.-

dependent appeal. The,only thing left

or Abmmslto do,,tt appears, would be
. 5 th ' « Holy,Wa

cainst

'erai Motors.  " ~ a:
7 :v'l‘ypica‘, fli'efkowitzi’srrefusal‘to battle 3
" th’ebig monopolies,~claims Abrams 
 .hislaok infliction against alleged “milk . .
~adult‘é‘i'a his bxulgaii'ylea cb-op. In a
't and " inw

- . PlI
Albany, Abrams said: ' 3 '
‘ "An unwilling Mr.‘ Lefkowitz has
finally been forced to go to court, to
pursue the criminal investigation,
which has been called for since
Dairyiea admitted its guilt, and was fin-
ed last September."

A seasoned campaigner, Lefkowitz
has refuted all of Abrams" charges,
arguing that the Dairyiea investigation
is proceeding "with all due speed."

More difficult for Lefkowitz to explain
away is his 16 years of close associaa
tion with that. Santa Clausof politics,
Nelson. Rockefeller. ln fihe political
fashion, lefkowitz has steered clear of
the Rocky image, now that the former
Governor is in political hot water. Yes,
he remembers“ someone, named
Rockefeller, he just cah't place"him.

Abrams is an able politician who’s
never lost an election, and it's a bad
year for Republicans everywhere. Still,
Louis Lefkowitz, the only Attorney
General we have ever known, seems
destined to go on for ever. . .and ever
and ever and ever.

Believe it or not, ladies ,and
gentlemen, Arthur Levitt is a man who
stands above politics, because he does
a good job. Even the Republicans con-
cede levitt's effectiveness, butthey’re
running a candidate anyway, just for
old time sake. His name is Stephen
May, he's "bold and innovative", and if
it's a rainy election day, he should only
lose by a few million votes.

May, a former Mayor of Rochester,
leans towards the liberal wing of his
party. After he has finished his role as
sacrificial lamb, May will be heard
from again on the state-wide level.

As for Levitt, he has audited the

A books of N.Y . state agencies with an

apolitical fairness, that has infuriated
some. in politics for more than 20
years, Levitt has never been convicted
of any crime, never been acoused of
being dishonest, and never been dis-
covered swimming with any stripper in
front of the state capitol. He must be
some kind of Communist.

l

 

.1

.1

Arthur Levitt has maintained a clean reputation. God or Communist?

 

God and the“ Young Pup

by David Shaffer GAP)

Stephen May, the Republican candidate for state comptroller, spends most of
his time attacking Democrats—every Democrat, that is, except his opponent, in
cumbent Comptroller Artth Levitt.

The reason is simple. Republican strategists think May has no chance of
beating Levitt—fprmer Gov. Rockefeller said four years ago that Levitt was "in
like Flynn," andthe some still seems to be true— so they have assigned May the
role of "point man" in the state GOP campaign.

May had criticized Democratic candidates for governor and the legislature as
potential big spenders who would pay too much attention to New York City and
not enough to upstate.

But he says that Levitt has had a "distinguished record," and he prefers to
"discuss in a positive way whatlwoulddoitelected, notattackthecomptroller."

levitt is equally polite. He ways that "i understand that Mr. May isa fine young
man.

levitt, of course, can afford to be polite. He beat his last Republican opponent,
Edward Regan, by 1.3 million votes. '

if it weren’t for Levitt's seeming lifetime hold on the office he has now had for20
years, the contest for comptroller might be attracting some interest. For there are
differences between the candidates, and there are even some issues.

May is an attractive 43-year-old who served for four years as mayor of
Rochester. He has been campaigning at a hectic pace that betrays his streak of
ambition. He is young without being exceptionally modern; he keeps his hair
short, wears button-down shirts and tie shoes, and once told a woman reporter
that "you're much too pretty to be doing television interviews"——not exactly a
"with-it" attitude in these days of femininist consciousness.

Levitt is 74, and so confident that he is hardly campaigning at all. He says his
age is not slowing him down and that he works out at a gym frequently. Some
people who have seem him in public lately say he tires easily, but in conversa-
tion -he is quick, alert and even zestful. .

May argues that because of his experience in Rochester he could make the
comptroller's office more responsive to local governments. He has pledged to
have outside auditors come in and audit the comptroller's office—something
lovitt has never done. He has proposed taking away the power of the comp-

.-- continued on next paqé

 «Jmﬂﬁéa’ ~  ‘ ~
and one of  M" ’

by Richard Nordwi'nd‘

When the Democratic state ticket
poses for team pictures like the ‘Notre
Dame football team, the key term they
love to mention is,;balance. Not since
Barnum and Bailey has N.Y. state seen
such a fantastic balancing act.

The ticket this year features: one
Brooklyn Catholic, (Carey), one
Greenwich Village cowboy, (Clark),
one Bronx few, (Abrams), and best of
all, a woman, from upstate no less.
Mary Ann Krupsak, state senator from
Amsterdam, N.Y. is this year's
Democratic candidate for Lieutenant
Governor. Que' chic, and smart too.

For this is a good year for women in
politics. Post—Watergate disgust with
the political system has led to victories
for women throughout the country. in
the state pie-primary Democratic
caucus, Mario Como received the of~
ticial party endorsement, but he lost
overwhelmingly to Krupsak in the
primary.

"Krupsak. Not just one of the Boys,"
is the basis of her advertising catn-
paign. Besides not being a man, Krup-
sak remains a mystery figure to many
voters. Republicans claim that Krup-
sak was also a mystery figure in the
state senate, where she has served for
the past two years.

"Mary Ann Krupsak has criticized
no-show jobs in state government,"
says her Republican opponent, Ralph
Caso. "How can she criticize when
she's one of the worst no show

politicians?" Caso pointed to her high
record of absenteeism as proof of his
charges. , _
While in the State Senate Krupsak
has been active in issues concerning
-women's rights, and consumer protec-

tion. But some claim that Krupsak is ‘

quick to follow a trend, and too slow to
follow up with any real work. “She'stoo
flighty," said one veteran legislator.
Gloria Steinem better not hear about
this.

Ralph Caso is the County Supervisor
of Nassau, long island, and he's gain-
ed a reputation as a shrewd ad-
ministrator by cutting the county
budget by 20 million dollars. Mostly he
did this by dropping everyone from the
welfare rolls except old blind men,
and starving dogs.

On the campaign trail Caso has
been singing the Republican favorite
lullaby; Crime in the Streets. (Fill in the
lyrics with news about permissive
socteties, more police, and law and
order.) Caso has also come out for
legalized gambling, which Malcolm
Wilson is against. it they weren't both
so dull this might be considered a hot
political feud.

Usually the Lieutenant Governor is
propelled into office on the coattails of
the top man on the tick. So strong is
Mary Ann Krupsak as a vote getter
however, that she is as important as
Hugh Carey to the Democrats. As Bob-
by Riggs can tell you, never un-
derestimate the power of a woman.

Caso says Krupsak is a “no show" politician.

 

r

by cutting the

 

Lstarving dogs.

county budget

by $20 million dollars.
Mostly he did this by dropping
everyone from the welfare rolls
except old blind men and

#4

1

He’s gained a reputation as a
shrewd administrator

 

..r,.. 5-“ ». 

e I

Krupsak will try to draw both the women's and the ethnic votes.

;

 

W

continued from previous page

troller‘s office to pre-audit state expenditures.

May says he finds himself talking more about general state issues than about
the cornptroller's office in particular, because most people find any discussion of
the comptroller’s job boring. "it's not something you find everybody anxious to
talk about," he says.

The comptroller's office is charged with ensuring that the state's books are kept
in order, that there is money. to pay the checks that are written, that agencies and
localities account properly for their expenditures, that the state banks its ac—
counts properly, that pension and other funds are properly managed and that
bond issues are sold at the best possible rates.

Occasionally this process produces some exciting news~details of shocking
waste of funds or scandalous behavior by some official or other. But for the most
part if is dull, routine Work that involves bureaucrats attheir most bureaucratic.

Levitt says that in his 20 years he has tried to move the Department of Audit and
Control, which the comptroller heads, beyond its traditional accounting function
and into broad examinations of the efficiency and appropriateness of govern—
ment programs.

"I have created here virtually a counterpart of the General Accounting Office
in Washington,” Levitt said in a recent interview. "We go beyond the strictly ac-
cou nting functions to examine the efficiency of state operation, the workability of
the programs."

He said his years in office have seen "enormous accomplishments," including
the new emphasis on governmental efficiency, the naming of special committees
to advise the comptroller on investments, and the hiring of “the best young
graduates of the accounting schools."

Levitt likes to recount his old battles with the Rockefeller administration~over
the South Mall office project and the expansion of the scope of the auditors' ex-
a minations, among other things. "We ran into tremendous opposition at first from
Governor Rockefeller. He was absolutely convinced that i had some sort of
partisan purpose," Levitt said.

Despite those clashes, he has grown increasingly close to thefRepublicans-this
year, for example, his campaign got a $500 check from David Rockefeller, head
of the Chase Manhattan bank and brother of the formerigovernor.

"Rockefeller learned," Levitt said. "Once just before he left office he said that if
he'd listened to me the state wouldn't be in the fiscal mess it is noW—all the
backdoor financing that has finally started to catch up with us."

Levitt says he is supporting Rep. Hugh Carey and the rest of the Democratic
.ticket, but that he does not plan to campaign much for itor for himself. During one
recent statewide swing by the Democratic candidates, Levitt was entreated logo
along. But isoon he started. looking at his watch, muttering about how hehad to

at back to his office in Albany, and finally left the troupe in mid-’afterpoon.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 9?

OCTOBER 22, 1974

PAGE 81’

OCTOBER 22, 1974

..M...._._..__.c__..w....7....f M,

- .vdvm».w&;‘u&sa~««w...»omumw—»~w n r

 

