             
 
        
    
  
 
  
  
   
 

    
   

 

 

 

41

    

- .t’xt-csﬁtzrﬂe- suture“?

. » —e..~»._«~.\_«....-.«.. e?

I ‘ ~4-M4r-M..- ..

1,,
.11 “?
)l
r .
t: ' ‘1»
v .i
g
 i
‘% jé
3 .
it
it
ét
rt
3'
1.?
ti
7'
l
{:5
ii ,
' it  
»‘ :4 t
i ll
 .
.i r
t f;
;:‘ it
if»: 
 ii
if:
rj

removing bodies from the debris. r

 

‘ I I  I  I. r. which was'also’affected by hurrictzne.
p ‘ . ddit I n toan3initittt “ mericsn Red Cross contributionofto the
v -Honduras Red-Cross Society. the-American Society has substantial

1, contributions of funds. food. and supplies for ihemassiverelief operation.

These include azcheck for $25.0“) from International Business Machines:
; cgpnedfoods valued at “6.000 from the Campbell Soup Co.; and ISO cases
tint-aid supplies from Johnson and Johnson.

v Penetration won‘nvetnutam blanketspurcha‘scdby the'Arnerican Red

 were’ ﬂown to Honduras: as well as $7.000 worth of short-wave radio
equipmentto help the Honduras Red Crosswith communications between
rchef centers and 500 disposableft'ice masks‘ for use by emergency workers-

l

 

  

I i"' '"i
_ . V 23: Washington Ave. » l
l .IUY TWO SUIS- GET ONE FREE l
: V with this coupon  r I - ’ |
lwe deliver on Sundays to the- Uptown Dorms st 6, I, & to p.m.i
: “ Minimum order 3 sandwiches , r :
t H or H or r H ome of I
Lhd_e_ci_tlzalls_ Sgus ogfs _ th_e_M_ini-Sub l

     

   
 

 

.’ p . ‘ > J 5

 3 it's about
the ﬁrst time
you fall in love.

 

 

     

 

     
 
  
 

. v Ilnilsllriistl

 

 

 8.50 will in card $1.25 without

 . Staturddy Oct.

 
 

uotteposse tuapms Kq papun]

 IC 18

:00, 8:30,
10:00

 

V . The vehicle sped oil
and the girl fellfromthewrinjurcd. ‘
. The vehicle involved is generally
described. as..‘a’ 965707 white

" Chevrolet with ablack convertible
v top orhardtop. Itwaslastsccn go-
ing north on Perimeter Road toward '
, Washington Avenue. The occupant
of theyehiele was a white male. with
brown hair._ a three or fouHiay
growth of beard and wearinga blue.
' T‘shirt.

' Anyone having information
regarding the above incident is re-
quested to contact a University
Police investigator at 457-8204.

,- -

The. Open Release ' Policy for
female 7 undergraduates will end
on October] I. I974. at 5:00 pm. All
women who wish releases must see
their residence hall director ' and
move out prior to October I l. After

- this date. there will be no releases.
The reason for this policy is the fact
that Jemaie space is available on
campus and we are able to eliminate
all the triples who have expressed a
desire to de-triplc and are willing to
take our available space.

Male undergraduates will still be
allowed t ' k contracts.

   

  

   

Friday
Oct. 4

[C 1&2

1:30, 8:30,
& 9:30 V' .

 

“ts COMING TO TAKE YOU AWAY”

 

$.50 ﬁlth to: card $1.25 without

 

 

ucwivontt (A?) A’lmV'G-‘lhdl “WWW” we“ unnoticed and unattend-
ed received a simple bronzeplaquﬂhursday inaniiutumn chill. It belongs to
Scott Joplin. the ragtime composerwho died in I917.

“The songwriters of America take care of their own." said Walter Wager,
publicrelationsdircctor of the American Society of Composers. Authors and
Publishers." “As soon as we heard the grave was unmarked, it was our
responsibility to do this.” " -

srocrtnoLM.sius-i (APuThe award of the I974 Nobel Prize in.
Literature to two relatively unknown Swedish authors touched all im.
mediate criticism Thursday. night in Swedish literary circles.

While authors Harry Martinson and Eyvind Johnson are “important
writers.“the decision to award them the prize was “disastrous.” snid fellow
author and critic Sven Delblanc.

“I‘he rest of the international prestige miraculously retained by the mix
will be wiped out by laughter and derision around the globe.“ he said,

Delblanc said therewas “no strong international opinion speaking for them
and the choice shows lack ol'judgtment.“

The two. acclaimed at home but little known abroad, share nu ll\\llltl
worth about “24.000. '

SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic (APP Hungry and thust
terrorists holding U.S.diplomat Barbara Hutchison and six others tunings
inside the sweltering Venezuelan Consulate scrapped a SI million runs. In) dc-
mand on Thursday.

They offered instead to take political asylum in Mexico of Peru. and
modiﬁed an earlier demandgthat 37 political prisoners be freed lrotn the
Dominican jails to join them They said they would accept fewer. hut d idn‘t
say how many, ‘

There was no immediate response from the government which already Inn
offered to ﬂy the gunmen out of the country. but insisted it will not lllL'L'l .un
other demands.

LIMA. I’eru (AP)'A violent earthquakejolted central l’cru today. t'ttlhllltl
extensive damage and panic. Radio reports said three persons were kllit’tl and
3h injured in Canete. l20 miles south of Lima. .

Radio Cruz del Sur said almost half the houses in the city were lllNllt‘
because ofcrackcd walls and water seepage. Canctc has a population of
about 5000.

LONG BEACH. Clm- (AP) Former President Richard M. Nixon angrily
cursed anews photographer who tried to photograph him in a hospital cot-
ridor today. the photographer and witnesses said.

Kent Henderson of the Long Beach Independent Press Telegram xtlid Nix-
on's face contorted and he yelled. “You god-damn son-of-a-bitch" when lit?
saw the photographer waiting outside an office where Nixon had just coin-
‘pletcd tests. ‘

Henderson said he was so shocked he didn't get off a picture hclorc an
attendant whirled Nixon‘s wheel chair around and pushed him back into the
office he had been leaving.

Henderson said he heard the corridor doors crash against Nixon‘s
wheelchairas he was wheeled away.

The incident occurred early this morning after Nixon was taken lrotn ills
sixth-Iloor room at Memorial Hospital Medical Center of Long llcuch to the
first ﬂoor nuclear medicine division to continue tests to determine the cruise

1 of his phlebitis.

Nliw YORIHA I’) It appears New York State hasnn adequate supph "l
gasoline and fuel oil for the winter months. but a shortage of coal M ""“W'
gas could result in an over-till tight fuel supply. a spokesman tor the
Izmcrgency Fuel Ofﬁce said Thursday.

“Gas and fuel oil appear to be in adequate supply for the winter." stud KW"
Roland. cousel to the office.

“But il'there is a coal problem or if natural gas gets interrupted this W“-
pcople are going to be looking for ttlternatc fucl sdt‘trccs and they're WWII '”
be converting to oil.

“So there may be more demand for fuel oil and lfthat's the case \IL' could
begin to see some over-all tightness in fuel supplies.“

Illut Roland said spot shortages of fuel oil could be alleviated by >lillt"'\Cl‘
asides." or reserve allocation. I

“Our biggest concern tight now is coal. At the moment the Slitlttllttil o
bleak to dismal." Roland said noting that 80.000 homes in the state \u'IL'
heated hyanthracitc coal. Ilesttid it has been difficult getting hm“ ""‘h‘ “"lt
and bituminous coal from Pennsylvania.

“If there‘s a tniners' strike in November. we're going to have a WIW‘“
problem. About l5 per cent of the energy in this state is slimmed by W” “"1
il’utilttles have trouble getting it we‘re going 0 have grcttl tllllifllll)‘ 1“"
Winter." hc-said.

KIAMESHA LAKE. N.Y. lAl’)Gov. Malcolm Wilson dcscrtbtnlé'"““““
its a “lol'li'liﬂw friend of labor.“ received a cool welcome irom slate union
leaders Ihursday as he appealed fortheir support in illte‘llpctlllllllb' C'“"“"”'

“ l he record is there for you to look at." Wilson said. "I don't make phony
promises and I don't make phony claims."
v..llul the Republican governor. addressing the annual convention of the
State AbL-CIO. drew only uncveniippluUsc-ut one point he wasevcn hissed-
us'hc recited it list of his labor accomplishments.

‘ The H00 delegates begun a three-day meeting at a resort hotel in thi5
Latskill Mountain community to consider their endorsements for ll”
statewnte offich in the Nov. 5 election. And they appeared rcadu to MC“
Wilson's Democratic opponent. Rep Ilugh L. Carey. -

 

PAGE TWO

 

ALBANY STUDENT i5is

t a. was, _. 

OCTOBER 4, 1974

 

bitty stein} ..  1‘ ., i

' ‘f‘lf'orgsn‘ited crime had a lobbyin
New York State,”3'speculstes Ira
Glasser. Executive Director of the
-' New York' Civil Liberties Un-
ion.“they‘d lobby for Rocky‘s new
'drug law.” ' .

Mr. Glasses madethis commentat
a meetingof the Albany NYCLU
chapter last Monday night in Chan- ,
ning Hall and was referring to the ..
way in whicn tormer Governor

Rockefeller tottg ewv'drug

- has hadi'th'epredictnbleeffe’ctof'put;
'ting' away mainly s‘miillxtime‘ sellers

and users of hard dru’gs.’ while leav-
ing the big'de‘alers and smuggch vir-

"tually untouched.

Glasses sins st heroin ' 1
‘ Glasser. an articulate speakerwho
has been lobbying against this new
law since its conception. made some
startling and thought-provoking
statements concerning the drug that
this law was aimed at: heroin.

 

 

 

 

  
  

     
   
   
     
  
 

 

 

 

 

Thieu, Amnesty
And AidAssailed

by Ed Moser

On Wednesday about two dozen
people staged a so—callcd silent
demonstration at the front of the
Capitol Building in Albany. The
group. which brandished placards
and passed out leaflets. questioned
United States policy in regards to the
Vietnam conflict. Demands were
raised calling for unconditional
amnesty. an end to the torturing of
political opponents by the Thieu
regime. and a halt to American aid to
South Vietnam.

There were three official sponsors
of the event. 'I'hcsc were the Inter-

national Women‘s League of
Friendship and Peace. 11 local

Quaker organization. and Albany
Slate's Peace Project. A few in-

terested outsiders joined the

members of these groups in the
protest ttthe‘ participants were mixed
in age; most were students althouglt
there were about a halfdozen people
itt their fifties and sixties).

The demonstrators seemed to
realize that their efforts would
probably go unhccded. “Well. we
won't affect the government very
much. but someone has to at least
make some kind of stand." said one
protester.

The peaceful. uneventful rttlly
lasted for an hour. from twelve to
one in the afternoon. Throughout it
there fell it rather heavy rain. which
kept down attendance and plagued
the efforts of certain reporters. who
could not write down any comments
about the affair on their drenched
writing pads.

me: it
Unlike

if “Heroin is. intact. no
limit“: claims Gtsuer.

alcohol. nicotine. and over-eating. '

heavy doses of heroin over 20 
time. under legal and' safe eoné
ditions. has no degenerative‘eil‘ects.
What makes this concept lsodifl‘tcult

for most people to understand says‘ I
Glasser. is the stereotypic image of .

the heroin user that has been foisted
upon today‘s citizens by various
public relations agencies.

"legality of drug. not drug‘itseli‘

Despite what most people think. it
is the illegality of the drug itself. that
has actually forced its ‘users to live
the way they do. And similarly. it is
the illegality of the drug that
prevents it from being regulated in
any way. One result of this is that
heroin sold on the street is generally
only about 2% pure. the rest of it be-
ing harmless powder or sometimes
other drugs which injected with
heroin. can be fatal. In fact. accor-
ding to Glasser. it is (usually this
lethal mixing of other drugs with the
heroin that produces symptoms
erroneously termed by doctors as an
overdose. Tests have shown that it. is
exceedingly difficult to get an over-
dose of heroin and virtually impossi-
ble to do so with the watered-down
mixture that is sold on the street.

In ths past, heroin was sold over
the cottntcr as a tranquilizer and

til . the early 20th century he

utnge 'snd" subsequent addict on ‘
b m.lnfsct.,

became a big social-p ‘
there were morehero addlicts'in
our countryduring the 18th and 19th
centruries than there ‘ are today;
However. in those days. heroin ad-
diction was viewed no differently-
than alcoholism or nicotine addic-

' tion 'are today. The difference that

has made the heroin addict a
national problem. according to
Giasscr. is the illegality of what he
does: "The law creates the criminal~
in fact. the law creates the crime.“

      

"Crime without complaints"

The usage and/or selling ofheroin
is what Glasscr refers to as a “crime
without complaints." In other
words. it is a private type of crime.
meaning that the police must resort
to various techniques ol'surveillancc
(i.e. wiretapping) in order to enforce
it. Glasser feels that. for this
reason. in addition to the fuctsthat it
has failed to prohibit its usage and
has created it black market. our pre-
sent drtlg law should be done away
with. _

Recent attempts by law makers to
deal with the drug problem by for-
cing the addict to go through

Rody's.

; . Citing staying; an tou'gh‘? .
law "as a prime' example; of this.’

Glasser weiit‘on to comment upon

‘ the real reason for making this lswz‘

politics. Glasser claims: that; before

'this law wakevér conceived; of . j

Rockefeller had private polls taken
which showed that the two‘ greatest
fears today‘s citizens have tire‘crln'te
and drugs. Asa result. Rocky came
up with what turned out to be one of

reasoning that people would now see
him as a grass roots politician con-
cerned about coming to gripsy'witb
today‘sdrug problem.Although it is
difficult to say exactly how
successful he was in creating this im-
age. it is apparent that it has by no
means crippled his political career.

“I think our treatment of the drug
problem in this country is’a type of
mass hysteria." says Glasser. Accor-
ding to him. the only way We can
really alleviate this problem is by
dcalingwith it on a more logicaland
realistic level. instead of projecting
our own ignorance and fears on its
victims.

the tOughest drug laws in the nation. '

Ukrainian Ice Festival in Troy ..

Mostly Soviet, Buyback Alleges;

by Rick McRobert .
Last week at the RPI Fieldhousc. the Ukrainian.
Festival on Ice was presented as an opportunity for
Americans to become tlcq uuintcd with one aspect of the
Ukrainian culture. But some felt the audience was
witnessing an illusion of cultural independence.
Andrew Durbak. a member of the Ukrainian Con-
gress Committee. said that when he asked the promoter
of the festival in Troy how many U krainians were actual-
ly in the show. the answer was “almost all." But upon in-
specting the list of names on the program. Mr. Durbak
concluded that only six out oftheeighty performers were
deﬁnitely Ukrainian. There are such performingtroupes
all over the USSR. but‘i‘hs‘féad of sending one that is all
Ukrainian. the Soviets have sent performers from
different countries within the Soviet Union and called it

a U krainian festival. Durbak compared it to presenting a.

German festival direct from England.

Asked what difference this makes so long as the Ukrai—
nian culture is accurately reflected. he Said. it is a very
entertaining show but only a few of the routines are
Ukrainian. the rest being primarily Russian. The Rus-
sian flag hting conspicuously over the spectators rather
than its Ukrainian counterpart. It is also a fact that the
show is only being performed in minor cities where the
Ukrainian population is low.

They wouldn‘t dare put it on in New York. said Dur-
buk. but it is safe here where probably only a couple hun-
drcd of the Capitol District's five thousand Ukrainians
will go. The main point is that the people of the Ukraine

are suppressed in their efforts to maintain a national
identity. and this show is a clear misrepresentation of
current domestic affairs of the USSR. .

Durbak gave some information on the Ukrainian-
problcm. In the minds of most Americans. the Soviet
Union is considered one country. which' therefore has
one culture.A’ctuaIIy, fifteen separate countries formed
the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics after the ﬁrst
World War. When these countrichon independence
from Czarist Russia in the chaotic 'i9l7-l9i8' period.the
newly Communist Russia took over its neighbors.

Today these countries are nothing more than colonies
of the Soviet Union. unlike Poland and East Germany
which are Communist but not part of the Soviet Union.
The process of Russificatlon. that is. the organized
spreading of Russian culture to all parts of the USSR is
still incomplete. For example. when college students
graduate. they are usually sent to countries other than
their own to work.

in this manner. they are forced to adopt the language
and other cultural aspects dominant in their new home.
Russian efforts to suppress independent cultures has in-
cluded the arrests of over 560 artists and writers in the
Ukraine between l970 and I973. The New York Timesin
ltll editorial of September 12. I974. addressed itself to
this problem and. in siting thcimprisonmcntof Vulcntyn
Moroz tittd Leonid l’lyushch as prime examples. has
wanted the Sovi'et Government that the world will not
tolerate such gross violations of human civil rightsmuch
longer. .

 

 

mon - sat
9 am - 9 pm
482-1425

‘0‘

(just above

‘wuwtl Float the Finest Uiutytvido in the Would’
Pine Hills
Wine & Liquor Store, inc.

870 Madison Ave

gift wrapping
chilled wines

free delivery

Ontario St.)

 

 

 

284 WASHINGTON AVE.

A iommln' bar

 

Remember Us?
We started it all.

that you can still afford.

7 limit
mucous

Unlqtll and Unusual gift shop lll Albany

liupm ten of designed silk and entbrolded
dresses. western style inlnl' and lsdlu shirts
and plnssnt gifts for

STUDENTS sud EVERY BODY
Pronnltnq a complete line of variety of Indian
Product

, . A. farm Import". our rmces use IDEAL
'57 l  ' ‘
as sun: ro s70» av AND see me .

. IRONS autumn-- m
WIl-Iﬂu—IQL-I-IGJINIM. Itvt lust-nu.
multin- ins-Inns us..." run

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ocrosen 4, 1974

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

‘ PAGE THREE

 

 

    
 

  

  

   
   
 

 
 

   

  

    

  

    

   

     

 

   
     
     
     
     
     
    

 

