 

 

        

' boomed them for a 36.5 average.
The Dane'wiihbone was breaking
I , . I ninner'a clear for longgaintallgarne.
._Deapite»the tremendous more. the with 596 yard: of totiilpt‘fense. 526 .
Dane defense wa‘e the story. of the on the ground. Coming back from ~ 3;
game. They allowed only, nine lint injury. ,Iohn Bertuzzi passed well (3- ,
downs. andlonly 220 yards all game. 5. 70 yards. 2 TD!) and worked well
_ '» sidétheﬁite y‘ai‘dlin‘e. Third string. Although they intercepted, four with end Baxter.
‘ hlyr quarterback Dave Driprey came in passerdurlngthegame. they seemed‘ 'Albany State takes on Nichols
with theballon hia‘own four yard suce'eptible to the long pass. College next Saturday at home.

    
   

  
     
       
 
  
    
 

  

 
  
 

 
  
 
 

Albany MayorErastus Coming
suggested Thatcher Homes

in the South End
as a feasible housing alternative. '

h
. Albany a 75-6Cvl

   
  
  
   
 
   
 

  
  
 

Idefenae.which.held on four planin-

 
    

i
ii
ii

 

   

       
  

 

 

   
   

 

 

  
  

 

     

 

   

   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
    
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
    
      
       
     

    

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      
 

 I _ “pass play from Kent Guntherf to' _ line and directed a'96.yiird scoring ' Maritime passer. Gunther. was Nichols is 3-0-l and one of the best I
W"- I , _ ' I, ‘ " ' Kevin O'Connellwilhil131214I19th! ,driVe. eonsuinated by a 58 yard TD largelyvuniible to hit his recievers. schools in Massachusetts.~Lasi year -- - .- . . . 
' . I   ‘ . .I  the ﬁrst half. After captain Arnie run by Fran Brunelle. With léssthan who were usually open. but when he the Danes lost l4-7 at Nichols. and  [ammunitin3233333363:“:32:mini:imfshxiiimmt 
0h 3 chi")! F'Idai’ "llht m Buz‘ Will blocked the extrapointm Skip one minute ten in the game, the did they caught three passes for 99 would like to turn the tables thisyear " “south end " He declared hosevegsthat he was still “0 en" to mor SA 
 srzazégvaflbaglféaiefqma: Scurry return set up the last score of Danes got the ball again on an in- yards. Kicker Al Martin hit 9 of ll while impressing the Lambert Bowl  shuns-(ions. ‘ ' p e - 
e o m eir our ' ' ' ~ ' ' v . ~ ~ ' “v ‘ . . . . ‘1:
wnsec‘i'm game' by defeating me garli"? $123532), £333 terCepiion by linebacker Don Mion extra point and punter MiltIe Marrin writers. I W  u now :ppags [hm “ugemsipymg mI groups “IMMIan WI“ no. need to 
Massachuseus MariIimc Academy .oInIIIIAIMaIIInhIIhIsIbunhexm I r Iﬁ worry it out ommon ouIneilsIhousinngroposal. if coming demdesto. YI
754x r P I III II I 28 6 h 0  signit. at least this year. it the bill were signed into law.itcould not affect t:
:I. The ﬁrm few series of the me POW to m" at “WW '0 att '3   I: those already living in apartments because of the “grandfather clause.“ ‘1
I. ,_ . I , 9' hali- _ I ' I  similar to tltc ex post l‘acto law. i"
I were filled with fumbles. intercep-I The sgcond hug“ began wnh Ralph tr: Corning met with SA President Put Curran and Veep Ira Birnbaum Mon-
I: "Iom‘ Penames‘ mid long 3mm: ' 'thl’hIas thtelceptmg it Pashahd retur' ‘ ' t _ ‘g  din to discuss their proposal. based on square footage. SA disputed Coun-
II I called back and neither team was "mg n to the 23, Bel-tum passed to The Albany thate Great Danes Rossumm (Bing.)to bringthe Danes Stephan Taylor clinched the  lll\\‘Il.'iii‘ h I cil‘s bill which limits the people living together and deﬁnes a family.
I if able to capitalize on the others mis- Baxter. who made n gm" cinch tip tennis team is alive and Well. and to within one point of Binghamton. crown for the Dancsby coming from  l \i   i The Mayor said he had a study done near the Manning Blvd. area. and
r" g tukfs- Towards the end or the ﬁn“ I racing in the end zone. At this point. “180'”! SUPI'WIIC as the SUNYCOH- behind to beat Bob Hewitt _ 7‘ i“ ' ‘ ‘ " ‘ found that were the SA proposal to be implemented. that area could have an ii
g  period, Albany recovered a fumble conch Ford began taking out ference Champions for the Fall 1974 (Brockport) 4-6.6-3,6-3. Albany‘s f; : influx of nearly 2.000 people. ‘I'hcrcl'orc. the Mayor thought the proposal ll'
 'I 0" thc'fOWh 36~ After 03 50h" he“ starters and the team continued to season. third flight doubles‘ icnm added ic. ‘: unworkable. 
 I: tum W“ sacked “I I“? down. run up the score. Fierce hitting by ' The Danes trailed Brockport by ing to the cake by knocking off the ‘_ q I . 
 ,1 . hilthltch Tom 'Demols “PP” 0" thc punt coverage team resulted ina two points. Binghamton by Lgoing Brockpon cmy 2_6I6_|I6_1I ' t ample Unrcpresentative. Says Birnhaum 
  runs of 19 and I44 yards to put the rumble at the 24. On first down into the semi-ﬁnal round. with both Final scores showed Albany ﬁrst j liirnbaum told the Mayorthat the sample was totally unrepresentativc. Ii
ligf j Daft“ IO'I'Ithe “"‘c' After a carry by DcBlois ran the 24 yards for his se- Joe Kestenbaum (First Flight) and with with 25 pointsI Binghnmwn sc_ v Corning said he would have another study done in the Washington Park i
l;  Ofm (mm-1. Demo-s went up the cond TD of the game. finishing the Josh Connell (fourth flight) mm, M... u and Bmckpm. and : arcu. 
3"  Middle for one and the Danes first day with IJB yards. Back-up eliminated. but came from behind to defending champion Oneonia tied However. Curran thought the Mayor had a point. so SA officials Will go 
 ,5 500". 4 I quarterback Dave Ahonen kept the wtn the crown. for mini with 20 pointsI back to the drawing board to try and come up with it new housing blueprint. I.
 ; Albany was on the move again. ban on the wishbone carrying 16 Bob Diskin found himself in a 4 Curran said heinay proposcunothcr hillstill based onthc space idea. but that '
. I.  IiIrIihen Dave AIhonen came in for In yards for the Danes‘scventh TD. must situation when he took the The Danes tied the match when This caps the netters season. that ‘ ____—I_ would vary according to the zone: in one-family houses the square footage
:I  ﬂzmbgshapttfzr;.ﬂbuzrgzvxzedaﬂs pgsgmg m "y to come back‘ court I vergusI Iginghamwnvs ILes unseeded D“c Denny of Albany saw mam go undcfcmcd in “gum ~_— per person would he liigliertlianinthctwo-taniily homesorin multiplclami-
I.  ~ ed Ismoreoﬂn apcnalI‘Iy bI-IIqu’aned Maritime quarterback Gunther wris Shayne. Diskineamethrough wrtha cgmplctcd a major upset.I by season play. Coach Bob Lewis and |,V ilI\Vcll1I1u>-IIII I I I I II III III II I I I I I
gr II me bIIIIOII me '2 The harem: came intercepted by IRiiy Guy at the 37. big win. beating Shayne 6-3. 7-6. smashing Harold Schutzman(Bing.) hisplayerscertainlyhaveagreatdeal  A   1  (“'"mg 5‘" ' huw‘vu‘ “ '5 h“ w" "‘3 m “5“” MW)“ SAP'OPM‘H‘
‘il  . ' bowulskie carried three times. one Next. Mitch Sandler edged Eric 6-2.   to be proud of. ' I ’ . 'l'hatclier Homes as Alternative
his  ’ ‘ ‘ I Corning sent a letter to President Benczct. said Curran. stating that the
.I-I  i I by Brent Kigner son usually abstuins when his/her necessary and compared PROBE to high rise apartment compch 'l'liatchcr Homes might be used foradditional
 " ‘ Described by opponents as Stu- vote would not make u diffcrcncc). I’IRG. an open in’vcstigatory student dwellings. With 525 apartments. I92 of which are occupied now.
‘ S r I I  U  3- l dent Association‘s {milch to the Steve Meyer (Commuters). .lon organization. I Corning anticipates about (.00 students count move in,
 p i’lulnbch. i’rOjcct PROBE Cllmc llII- chcnson (Slate) and Andy Dolun Four bills later. PROBE returned The neighborhood. in the south ctid hythe river. is not exuctlytlie choicest
. * der severe attack Wednesday night. (Commuters). to Council‘s attention in the form of neighborhood. said Curran.
PROBE was approved as part of tire Lcw Fidler (Indian) introduced an a list of guidelines introduced by Pat . .
A Learning hxperlence...

EXCClltch Brittle" three week“ “So illlmt‘diﬂtc mOtiOH to Object l0 000- Curran. Haber saw the hillmcrcly as
after a protracted debate in Ex- sideration of the bill was defeated. an effort to appease Council. Andy
ecutivc Session. Councilperson Candi Mayer (Com- Goldsicin moved to add u provision students to “learn about the inner city."

Since anything discuSscd in Ex- muters) proceeded to uttacktltc hill. to the bin stipulating that nil AccordingtoCorning.thercntischcap.and hccnvisioncd somekindofan
ccutive Session automatically not 011 its content but oti the way it PROBE findings must he reported lll'lllllgt'lllclll With the Office (“General SchlCCS (0G5). l0 have It hU-‘i ""110

by Nathan Salant ' ‘ Hamilton forward broke through no reason. . . . - . .. - . ..
The Albany State Great Danes‘ the Dane fullbacks on a sudden After lhegame. Lulik approached ("Hung umugm “"5 wnum he a gram Opporlum'y [or soon” swam
soccer learn~ traveled to Hamilton breakaway. Obwald made the save; Dunc Coach Schicffclin. in hopes of
College Saturday. hoping to break it his best. in a rare offduy. Then. for administering a reprimand for the

 

six yearwinless streak. but itwnsnot some reason. the Danes went flat. criticism he was receiving. Lalik I I I  . . I I , _ ‘ ‘ _ I

to be. as the Danes were defeated 3- and play evened out. waved his finger in Schiefl'elin‘s face. h°?°”‘°“I°l““m:d' “‘9‘? “mfhmd hit“ orig'hi‘wd- - I. to CIt-‘Illl'hl (OUHCH its W0“ its 10 the thl“ "it‘ﬂ- I I I I I

.I The IOIISI coming in II new Hamilmn scored Ihcir ﬁrst goal When Schicmli“ Succeeded in gab inlormation on lIlI(OBl: isnvailitble. I According to Ms.-Maycr. sortie President, [)cbnic than centered ltecausclhe proposal was not passed ulIlIlli alter the bcgmmngIol lIilC new I
A description ol its purpose can be (.ounctl members and non-members around the question of whether the semester. (.orning said that it would ttot itllcctstudcnlsalrcudylivmgin their

found in Article V|.(i ol' the had ltcld sccrct committee meetings need for secrecy was imponnm apartments. '

conference game. leaves the Danes with, eight minutes left in the first ting the finger moved away. the ref
As well. he conlrtidiclcd MorrisEiss ol' the Housing Codes Commission

with a J-(l-l SUNY Conference' half; their second l:40 later. Both accidentally hit Albany scorckccper . . . . . I . , . ,
reCOrd. but a 5-H overall mark. goalscameon defensive lapses by the _. Stu Shalct. Shalct responded. and it Olgumlffhhn 0‘ the EchUthc l" Wt" lf’IkL‘cP the hi“ 3 seem-I cnoughIto leave the presidentln Vlr- I , ,. . .

Three mew” combined I0 do me [WWI and bmh were really “INF looked like II “we Madison Square BIliinciI'll This group shallhc respon- In addition. Ms. Mayer angrily runny full control of PROBL who said tltatsinccthc liclch IcrredectsiononLong lsland.nomoretliantwo
' stble for researching matter of in- asserted that certain Couiicrl people non-related people could live together.

Council pusscd a White Ballot in Corning said that the law as it nowstands suystliat tltcdcliuition ofu fami-

tcrcst to tile students." had leaked privilcgcd information to
lndicutiorts tire that l’ROBE‘s non-members. and procccdcd to dc- authorizing an expenditure of up to
when round the impeachment of Andy $l000 in order to maintain

Hooters in: a super effort by huge goals.“ Interestingly enough. Garden action was developing.

the best scorin ' 'ittem is the hosts Shalet won the match on a TKO. us' I I I I I
L ‘ p ly is those pcoplc who share a housekeeping unit. Passed in I970 and still on

Hamilton; injuries to several Danes;
the books. this law allowsany numberol'non-related people to livctogcthcr.

     
     
      
       
 
   

and a nice dose of liome-rcffing. had. were stopped constantly by the Lulik backed doWn and left the field. IIIIIIIIIIIIII III III uncover
.,..  I II _ t  .I _ ..  I,I_..I,I,, _ I _
PIIIylctaIputSIItItdsITJIiIlch  0:5I D‘IlI'I‘Ifz-  (IIIIIIIIII IIIILaﬂ‘IIiIlI     I necessary information on certainIin— Goldslcin (State). one ofthcbilIl‘s in- desegrcgntcd parking. Debate sccm- I I I
Schicffclin. “You cannot take halftime that they had to getdown to piitc over the exact location ofan- dwiduals wttlnn the Administration troduccrs. Ms. Mayer was reminded ed to indicatethatLouncildisagrccs I on “his support I
" - ’ .' . . . -. . ‘ ~~ . and to enact covert Investigations of that since another motion was pcn- wrth l’rcsidcnt Curran‘s desires to In submiuin. [he “germ.” H, mm] Swami Association has won the i
anything away from Hamilton. business. and they come out strong. Albany direct kick. lhe referee _ I .I I , I I I I, d I q II .II I III I II III I I It. I I I p p .III I I I
Saturday. they wereihc besttcamwc but were unable to score until the wanted it at point A. l.croy.Aldrich “tum” gr'mmu' (“"9" h”? wm,0m "I TI.“ ‘ “u y "w" " m" "‘5  n I“ SWIM)” 0‘ Uhm" t Olh'tlc' 5W1 01mins SomfﬂhmtlIWe him")! had “"1010 t
have filed." 22: IS mark in (behalf. when llcdford likcd point It hullcl'f'l‘hc difl'crcnce- II II "min" “I the hl’cuk‘rrh I “Im'mhcn Central Counctl wrll hold an clcc- do is contact the other local colleges and ask for their help. 1 he law would ‘
Atm“hither” 0‘ 0990!"th SUEBCSWd “‘“l 't “ltd but?“ “"lm’lmr tion for Vice Cltairpcrson within the allcct them too." I I. 
h" “WW” ‘0 discus“ ti“: “mm” in next two weeks to select a replncc- llte l'imcs-Union.ii locnlAlhany newspaper. editorially supported tlicSA 'Ii'

True. the Hooters were outplayed. sent a corner kick in front. where between the two spots was sixinches
but Albany did play well. Johnny Rolando headed it to Frank Sclcu and ti litrgc divct attlicrcl‘s location.
Rolando showed signs of breaking who tired it in. Any intelligent official allows the‘
out of" his season long slump. as he Once again. it lot)de like the hall. to be moved that typeﬁl‘disv'
played his best game of the year. Danes were about to take over. and tancc to help improve) play. but not
Carlos Rovito turned inanothertine * once again Hamilton took udvan- Litlik. who ordered Aldrich to keep
pcrl'ornianccutrighthallbuck.asdid large of a breakaway to stop the itut A.and threatened to administer

Arthur Bedfordidcspitcaninjury.at pressurc.and score the clincher I245 a warning to the rather frustrated
Aldrich. who had no choice hilt to

   FX‘ZCIWIVI" SIL'IHSIif‘I‘l i'I‘I “I‘Ic “If? Pl“: merit for liric Klein. who has become-I proposal saying. "Albany State students are taking the proper course in cs- .
iIIIIIIduccd 0n [h‘c grounds [hm “me hm“ thll“ (‘1 I‘ll '33“le :“0“ “0t t eliiilrpcrsondttc to the resignationol tablishlng a good working relationship with the community in which tltcy "
- . . .. . k9!“ secret hm“ the “l‘dcms- M-‘iv David Coync. must study and work atid live." ‘
notion of Project l’ROBl; is directly M“ycr rusmmdcd by requesting mm 1,
mnm'ry m we pri'wiplc “f “cc “‘ Council go itito Executive Session.
change of thoughts nitd ideas and The "10mm {"31ch
fosters a n atmosphere of distrust and
deception."

     
        
      
      
     
 
 

"l-‘lre with Fire“

     
       
    
  

right fullback and right Wing). later.

However. star ofihc grime honors 'l'he Dane‘s defense did not play comply. v Council upheld l’ROIiE's cx- "\VL‘lllllSl fight fire with fire!"was

went to Ricardo Rose. Rose. who npto par. partially thunkstoinjurics Wednesday. the Ilooters travel to istcncc by a 3-5»7 vole. Voting to 1_cwi:i.uc.-' mummy.- i'nr priority“
delete I’Rtmli were AndyGoldstein methods. “lnl‘ornnition is power“

    
      
 

has not seen much action this year. to Arthurllcdford (pulled lchmnscle Oncorita for a key SUNY Con-
cntcred thegamelateinthe ﬁrsthulf.. and possible concussion); Leroy fcrcncc game which will be broad-
and started the wound half as the Aldrich (bone bruise), and Jerry Lcci cast lch on WSUAath.m.'l‘heloss
right fullback. Heproceedcd to stop l'lingI(u ncar separated shoulder). to Hamilton seems to have unified
two 3-‘on-l breaks. and single Added to the list of the walking the Hooters. and hopefully. has
liandedly shut off at least two more wounded was Clinton Aldrich.uvic- awakened a few individuiilsI‘Iio the I
Hamilton hrwkuwayi. tlm of a concussion in the New l’ultz need for team play. Oneonlu .will
The game opened with Albany game. probably try to out-skill Alhuny (an
dominating play. and it looked like The ofﬁciating was a case in itself. opposed to the physical knock down
the Danes would blow Hamilton out Messrs. Lulik and liakerl‘orgot only style of Hamilton). With the depth . I
car y. Several good scoring oppor- one thing —~ their Hamilton junior. and talent that Albany has. iind the “a  - > I I II .. II
tuniiics were stopped by the Lulik was the worst officialtlie team need to rebuild a damaged reputa- ’ a “ “‘I ‘
Hamilton defense. ' -. tias’ieen in twa years. He stooped so thin. the Danes should give the Red The aoeear teamin thclr Iaat homoneounter.'l'he turn return-home
At the eight mln'ute mark. a flow iii to curse at Leroy Aldrich for Dragons quite a tilt of trouble. I to lace Potsdam on Saturday.

(SHIN). Seth “"hb‘r [Sliltcl‘ “hit and there is.lic felt. no better way to
Itohcrta |laiwitt (Slate). Lcw Fidlcr “brain it,

(“Him”). Chm“ Mil)” (C‘lm' Finance Committee Chairperson
mule”). All!" SPiVllk (CUHNHUK‘I'SL Ken Wax replied that students luck
Mark Waldman (Commuters). and the power to extort anything from
Lind“ Show (Chlonhll) u" Voted in tlic Administration. In iiddition. lic
'suppoi‘t of I'ROIlIZ‘s continuation. mid rigour; would in; “if.
Ahslclllimlh‘. WhiCh Willhmht‘mt defeating since tltc’ Administration
both the ayes and nays were: WW1“ pI-ohnhly "clam up" in the
Muurccn De Maio (Indian). Arthur Sign; of “n bunch of kids playing
Levine (Colonial). Ralph llcislcr Mun from u.N.c.L,E,“ Student
(Faculty). Eric Klein (Coloiiiill)~il Association President Put Curran»
should he noted that the Chuirper- said that the paranoia was un.

      
          
     
      
     
     
    
  

   
       
        
    
  

Council membara (from tell to right) Andy Gotdateln. Steve Meyer. Candi Haven't.“ Fldlar. and
stove Teaser union to debate about the luatltlcatlon and lunetlon of a PROBE-like agency.

 

 

