T“

 to“ the common :Mttrkel."' 331.448:

, motion. at-

ence. National Science

. “Numerical Simula-

v. the -- Microphyeical - and

' ‘icat Processes of Moist
" ,L 56.”

.bology. Public Hlth

Paul’lloomiillter speech pathology ’

and‘_ audio igy. Office“. of
Educatit n. "‘“l’reparation ,of
Professional Persohnei in the
Education of the Handicapped——
Speech and Hearing." $2.25I.

Also. PeterlChyleIt. atmospheric
. scichc. National Science Founda-

‘ tion. “theory and Appliaitionygol“

scattering; and Radiative

: of. If * ces._“Worlathop
for So at WorkerPractitioners.”

r $7.200: ,Santucl Hays. public ex-
‘ ecutive project. New York State Of-
lice of Local Government. “The IPA

l’ublic Executive l’rojcct.“ $0.000:
Richard Light. instruction. U.S,.0l‘-
fice of Educht ion.“ltilingual 'Educa-
tion l'rojcct.“ $6.9l2; Donald Mc-
Naught. biology. Rensselacr

'l’olytcchnie institute. “Zooplankton

l’roduction iit Lake George." Slit.-
litil. »

' Nihilisesrsetssr- .. . .
CAMP COUNSELOR OPENINGS
, it c c M DENS'“

. I
(Mimosa 9|. completion cl ct Ieettl ydcr 6i college 3

GRADUATE siuoenrs and FACULTY MEMBERS
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS

corn citing an outstanding Boys. Girls. Brother-liner
New England. Mid-

P
Cc-Ed CIrnpe. touted thxoughcut t
die Atlantic States end encde.

. . .IllIVﬂll YOUR INQUIIIES COHCIHIIIII summer empldyment a: Head

Calculate. Group Leadere. lpeclultlee. General Ccuceelcre.
Write, Phone. or Call in Person

Association cl Private Comps — Dept. c

I ‘ Maxwell M. Alexander, Executive Director
53. Veriﬁed .5

,V to ,;@.

vii «host. {it i. _.;.

‘PARAMGJNTPICTURES
andFlLMWAYSJNCpt'mt

in A MAKHN RANSOHOW Reduction

.szsaooi "nan Edelson.

t, ox 5.2.4.19... Newton as, n. Y.

illlli.

garments

FRIDAY,
MAY 10

7:30 and
1 0:00

LC'|8

FREE WITH TAX

Also. Hindi“ ikoloff. special
education cointfﬂion. U.S. Office
of latitteaiiot’ ‘l’rcparation of
i'rolessiouall 'ersonhcl in the
lzilucaiioit . oi Ilattdicapped
Children {clltlllhh Izmotioually
Disittrb' " \l...stitl; .lamcs Schmidt.
library .ipit.il .I)l.\ll‘lt.'l Library
Council. "l’ut.|iase.o| Library
Materials to Semi-c the Disadvan-
taged." sauna; and Daiid Shah:
‘biology. .\atiottal Institutes ol
llealilt. “Regulation oil-Distemp-
nicui oi lt.i.t.'iihpli.i_.-r S‘l‘tH“ 94 l8.

-IERUSALI: I ec etary of State Henry A. Kissincr and Soviet
Foreign Minister Andrei A. Gromyko have arranged to meet 'l‘uestlaynn the
island of Cyprus to discuss their search for an end to the war on the Israeli.
Syrian front.

l-iuns for the meeting were announced in Moscow and by a State Depart.
ment' spokesman traveling with Kissinger. Ambassador Robert .I.
McCloskey'said Kissinger and Gromyko will also confer on other [East-West

topicsl including chances for a net'Ntreaty limitingoffensive nuclear weapon.
" The meeting was announced as Kissinger started a new round ol'urgcm
negotiations with Israeli leaders to find an end to the open honingcs on "IL.
(iolau front. now in their 56th day. .

LISBON itortugal AP - ‘I'hc Socialist_and Communist parties are t'lilcrg-
ingas a powerful combined force inPOSltCOUpl’ortugul. and (ten. Antonmdc
Spinola is under pressure to give the Communists a key role in his pt’ttn‘iunul
government.

Spinola is expected to namea ca binct this week which press repoi Is .in “.n
include a prominent Lisbon [lawyer and nonaiigncd Sticillllsl. Atldliniti
I’alnia Carols. as premier. Spinola himself is expected to head the goierii-
tncnt as president.

National

WAS lllNG I‘ON Al' - Energy-related industries are violating lll\ hills in
the ttttic of millions of dollars by dcductiitg costs of political iltl\cl'llslng a.
business expenses. aScnttlc ptlncl was told yesterday.

llarrcy .I. Sltulman. ati attorney for tile Media Access project. a ptihlie ill-
icrcst group iii Washington. told the Senate coitiincrcc cmtroutnent silh-
coinmittcc: . -

"We are left with the sorry conclusion that. just as the oil tittlll|liiiiics ll It'd
to hiiycandidateswith illegal political contributions. the energy illtlllsll) ls
tryitig to buy the minds of the American people by dominating the
marketplace ol ideas with political ads apparently ﬁnanced by illegal l.i\and
l~cdcral l'oner Commission accounting schemes."

WASHING ION (A‘I’)'-l he [indirottmcntal Protection Agency critter/ed
as inadequate Monday the Atomic Energy Commission's 2.2titi-page en-
tirouinentai analysis of the proposed fast-breeder nuclear reactor

l;I'/\. in a detailed critique. said the AEC'study “is pilfliClliilll)|lt'l|t'|c‘llllll
its treatment oi rcactor safety. in potential problems associated \itth
plutonium toxicity and safety and the cost benefit analysis."

l;l’A suggested that the AliC. due to issue its final impact statement by
.Iune l4. should ask tltc federal court for "a lime extension llct‘cssiiiy to tally
correct the deficiencies and omissions identified in this mien.“

Sumittariling its criticisms. lil’A said the AEC statement.

-"l)oes not provide assurance that adequate safeguards can he piinided"
within commercial cost limits.

-l.eavcs "grcat uncertainty...on the incidence of health CllCLh ilsstIL'lillL'll
with plutonium." the fuel and product.

-ls not specific enough about the chances of reactor accidan

lLl'A said the AliC study anticipates technologicaldevelopment oi the l.l\l
breeder reactor over the next 25 years. bill does not allow Ioi iinpimed .m-
tipoilution technology in alternative, energy sources when coiiipai tug pimi-
blc envorontncutal impacts.

'l he AliC has estimated some $4 billion to $5 billion truly be spclil denial"
ing the program over the next quarter-century.

(M'l lhc I974 primary election season picks upmomeniuni illL‘\ilil_\ \ilivn
voters in Alabama. Ohio. North Carolina and Indiana L'llotisc lilillllllct‘\ Ior
ilircc Senate seats and two governorships.

 

‘l he recent drug price survey conducted by the Pub
(troop at S‘UNYA rind other campus I’IRG's in New Yo
‘ basis I'o‘r'lth‘e liling major legal proceedings against the I ,
I'lutrnuicy. 'riieiiuti. tiled recently in Attiiiny Federal mattered rt
lRti. alleges extensive violations of Firiit Amendment‘ligh fro ‘ .
statute. which prohibits all pharmacies in New York (from ndyettiiltl

prescription drug prices.

N Y I'IRU lawyers contend that the current law is unconstitutionllliince'lt
primarily restricts drug sale advertising to non-prescription (e.g. Beyer
Asp'rini'and not prescription (birth control and allergy pills. depressants.
etc. i type drugs. they claim by not permitting the consumer needed access to
all drug price information. his First Amendment rights are tacitly viollted. A
right that should not only be extended to protect one‘si‘rcedomofspeech. but
also his right to receive public information pertinent to his well beian

IIIeNYPIRG suit is therefore. novel in the that it will ask the court to

Comparative Lit Dept Claims Neglect

by Richard Nordwind

"I don‘t get no respect." comedian Rodney Danger-
licld used to say about his belcagurcd‘life. Dr. Joseph
Slovertty. Chairmen of the Comparative Literature
Department at SUNYA feels the same way about his
Department‘s treatment at the hands ofthe University.

"We are neglected by this University." Dr. Sloverffy
says. “I he Comparative Literature . Department does
quality work with very little help from the administra-
tioti."

Ruth Schmidt. Dean of Humanities. said that it was
'inappropriate at this time to respond to Dr. vacrf-
Iy." She had no further comment about Slovcrffy‘s
charges. .

It would be difficult to neglect the achievements of
either Dr. Slovcrlfy or the Comparative Literature
Department. Slovcrify speaks fourteen languages. (and
on occasion one has lltc impression he thinks in three and
speaks in lour. all at the same time.) He has published
muc hooksand l27 articles. making him only slightly less
proltlic than Mickey Spillane. In addition he has
taught at Universities arot'tud the world. from Ireland
anti Canada to Harvard and Yale. in his spare time he
tot-incnts bureaucrats.

[trough the Comparative Literature Department has
only three lull-time faculty members assigned to it.
Judith Leibowitl. llcrkely l’cabody. and Szoverffy. it
has nevertheless developed an excellent reputation
Within the SUNY system. One Comparative Literature
graduate. .Iitn l’rush. recently became the first Albany
student to be granted a l—‘ullbright Scholarship.

In the three years Stovcrffy has. been Chairman. the
Department Iias radically expanded its scope of study.
formerly the Department concentrated on Literature-
iu-translation courses. Now the emphasis is on all
tlspccls ol Literature. including the relationship of art.
nuisic. anthropology. sociology. and psychology to
literature. I his year the Department offered sixtccn uti-
dergriiduaic courses.

Despite this record. Slovcrffy maintains that the Un-
nersiiy ignores his department. "Why." he moans. “do
\\t.' have such a small staff of teachers?“ Most faculty
teaching courses in Comparative Livct'aturc are from
other departments. Dr. Slovcrffy usually teaches" three

courses a semester. though generain department
chairmen teach only one.. Hedocsthis in an effort toadd
variety to the Department‘s course offerings. Szovetffy
explains:

"When i told the administration about how many
course I taught. l was told. “Well that‘s your choice.“

S/itverll’y labels the attitude of the University‘s upper
echelon. “parochial and compartmentalized."
"l-.vcryon'c must stay in their own little Department here.
You can‘t look through the fence at any other depart-
ment. or else you are not a good teacher."

Willtin literature cotirscs the problem is especially
acute. in Sloverffy's opinion. “There is too much:
fragmentation in the teaching of literature at this se-
hool." lle envision the Comparative Literature Depart-
ment as a kind of "clearinghouse" for all literature
courses. In this way duplication of courses would be
avoided. and harmony between departments increased.
Slovcrlfy maintains.

Cooperation has been good Szoverffy insists. between
Comparative Literature and other departments. But
Stoverffy complainsthat the English Department has
shown a haughty and arrogant attitude.

"they (the English Dcpartment)just‘ sit up there on
top at the world. never botltcring to look down. They
need to show more understanding toward our depart-

ment." \

it the Ltighsh l.)epartment has not always been recep-
tive of S/ttvcrl'l‘st ideas the Administration has
sometimes been 0 etin hostile. Slovcrffy considers
luiusclfa/wrsmia nun gratuito the administrationt‘We‘rc
not always on such good terms.“ he says with an impish
grin. “but what do I urge?“

What does concern himvcrlly is obiaitttng more
nionry. teachers and rhcognition for Comparative
Literature. S/ovcrl'fy has gone so far as to ask retiring
l'rcsident Louis Ilene/ct to teach a Shakespeare course
in his Department.

"I understand hc‘sa Sluikcspcarean scholar." vaerll
ly said in a dciidpan mauncr. llut then he started giggl-

ing.
“It's a private joke." he explained.

ini-ther interpret the First Amendment as including a eontumer’tlrgplent

right to monetary information. In this [particular case. the information
sought would be to allow complete advertising of all drug prices. whether
they be prescription or non-prescription drugs. 1

Specifically. NYI’IRG is calling for the court to declare the current law.
which bans drug prescription advertising. as unconstitutional. and to intiate
an injunction against the Regents so they will discontinue the enforcement of
the statute. because the Regents oversees the State Board of Pharmady. it is
they the injunction is directed at.

One key to establishing the constitutionality of the current law is to
demonstrate how it hits impaired citizen rights. NYPI RG attorney‘s claim the
student drug price surveys have been intrumental indoing this. They strongly
ich the l’lR(i drug price survey patently demonstrates how consumers
(especially the poor) have been purposely victimized. by unkowingly paying
more for their prescription drugs than they have to. By today‘s standards.
NYt'iRu ttiaintains‘. it is :grossly“ impractical for the consumer to discern

. any meaningful prescription drilgipriceslvarintionsi 'i

l by conclude. that the prescltltjila siblockgq condgntgrs from makings
logical'purchasc dctcrniinatimi. In fact. their only access to prescription drug
prices" is an olficiul
ll’harmacy. the list is mandated by law to be conspiciously posted in every
state pliaratnacy. the State Board of l’haramac’y compiles the'list‘vib‘contain
the names of the l50 most common used drugsidhe prices of each drug are
determined by the individual pharamacics. 1. V V.  - “

ltut when l'lRti at SUNYA students teamed up with other PIRG‘s
chapters they lound that compliance with the state posting requirements of
the Drug I.i.\l to he blatantly disregarded. In addition. price variations ofthe
lists varied dramatically with some drugs prices Iluxuating as much as 200%
Ill isome Albany phartimacies.

Apparently. the average consumer is being denied useful information in
the marketplace: prescription price advertising is prohibited. the Drug Lists
do not lend iliemscivesto rcadibilily. and the prices that are posted vary enor-
mously in the pharmaceutical business.

.\ Yl’lltti law yer. Dennis Kaufman. indicated that the lawsuit. if
successlul. will not instantly bring prescription drug prices down to rock bot-
totn levels. llut it will enable the ailing consumer to begin noticingdrug price
yariationsl in his neighborhood.

t'onsumcrs needing lrcqtient prescription refills. can begin paying special
attention to the media tor drug prices. For those with occasional but costly
prescriptions. tantin doctors might even rccoimncnd the most inexpensive
and trustworthy pharmacy.

In :ill.thc lawsuit is seen as a small plus for thcconsumeriind a lirst step in
telietiiig his pocketbook headaches the pains that very few prescriptions
can remedy.

Drug lIl’in‘ublishcd by‘gthegsultc Board of

.maé“:

-—«- A» w>vcyws~mvg~ ._\..-.A_

In addition. they will nominate candidates for 52 House seats. must oi llit'll
stale legislaturcsymd various other state officials.

 

Academy Award Winner
“SAVE THETIGER"

Best Actor? Jock Lemmo

ﬁrm“ ‘ ‘ ' .

-s,.. r..-._.’...... v...‘

7:30 and
1 0:00

LCIB

FREE WITH TAX

 

York State constitution endorsed by the Senate Monday.

And alter nearly a century of domination by Congress. residents nl llh’ 0 .
District ol Columbia will note on whether to accept a new Lil.ll[\‘l \lllltll      

would give them partial home rule.

WASHING ION (Al’) - The Senate Watergate committee saiil \litniln
the White House rcleascdl transcripts of presidential Ct)lt\L'l\.illi)lI\ ".iIL'
suspect" and “neither complete nor accurate."

I lie committee told the U.S. Court oprpcals it still needs the Int-comet-
salious subpoenaed .luly 23 last year despite the lflltlscripls that t'mcl 1hr
conversations.

lzvcn the incomplete versions oftiie live conversations. the corn illlllL'
vindicate its claim that the tapes are needed “to inform the [)lli‘lllt oi the ex-
tent ol corruption in the executive branch."

State

Al.IlANY.N.Y. Al’ - New York State would pay up in ‘3' “m l“ "
lrcslumin to attend private collcgcthis fall. undcra plan agreed Him“ l“ H".
governor and GOP leaders.

ll“: grunts would be based on need. Only the poorest stuileni»one timnil
lattiin with a gross income of less titan $2.000 a year-Would rccent- the lll.l\'
Illlulll grant.

1 he WINS would be scaled down as the family‘s income l'isL'y \ silltlL‘lll

.- silltl.

limit a middle-income family-one with a gross income iil SILUUU it it'll“

would rcccivc $770 to attend a private college.

IALlIANY N.Y. (AI’) - Women would be guaranteed equal legal sltiiitlltll,’
\vtlh men under terms ofa proposed “Equal Rights Amendment" to ill“ M“
llic measure. already passed in the Assembly. was approved 472‘ “ “‘H
require passage byncxtycar‘s legislature bcfore being submitted lo the role”
Ill ti general referendum.

Ihe proposed amendment says simply. "Equality 0" “3"” "mm
shall not be denied or abridues by the state of New York or any siilt‘d'HW”

the la“

 thereof on account of sex."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I

TUESDAY, MAY '1, 1974

 

by David Ilarrienger

A master‘s degree strident who
was denied her degree by the Art
department at SUNYA iscontinuing
licr elloi'ts to lune the department's
decision changed - lotir years after
the original denial.

llic student. .loris Reinisema of
Iteiisselacriille. maintains that the
depa rtmcnl‘s decision was "arbitrary
and capricious," iii the terms of a
Circuit ('ou rt of Appeals suitshc has
drawn up but not served on the
department as vet.

Art School Dean John Cowley
claims that Reintsemii was an un-
usually hard studcnt to com-
municate wuh. and that in any case
her claims against the Art facultyarc
without grouitds.

ller .acadcmic record previous to
the decision by the department was
ol top quality. and she had a lI.A. in
Art lt‘oiit IIul'l'alo State and ten years

TUESDAY, MAY 7, 1974

oi teaching experience. Yet the
department tailcd hcr Gallery cx-_
Iiibit alter previously givinghcr.7 A's
and I ll iii her graduate courses.

Ms. Rcittisema says she ‘was
dbnicd‘Jhc M .A. degree because site
"was an outspoken .woman“ and
CrlllCllCd the Art faculty ol‘SUNYA
for academic inadequacies in the Art
program and thepool attitudes ofthe
Art School staff. Now. after four
[years of letter writing. meetings with
SUNY administrators. and con-
sultation with lawyers. she is still
without il masters degree.

Ms. Reintscma enrolled at SUNY
in the tail of I968. and by the spring
of I970 had completed all the
courses required for her masters
degree. except an independent study
course and her exhibition in the
(lullcry which was to cap her work at
SUNYA. and. il judged acceptable.
would have given her the degree.

ltciniscma Wits told by letter that
her graduate exhibit was unaccep-
table. Sltc.ciaitus.‘ihat the chairman
ol the department. John Cowley .
had given her no inkling ol the pen-'
ding decision by thcjudgcmcnt com-
tnittcc. and had even refused to talk
to her the day before the decision

Wits sent to her. When {Reintscma 1

attempted to contact Cowley she
lound he had ctnbarkcd on a
month's} cation.

Dean .‘owley says that her/claim
that he hail refused to talk with her
the day beloh‘g ltc signed the letterin—
Iornuug Itcr oi the negative decision
on her first slit was exaggerated.
titid that he had b cit extremely busy
that day. lleadmit -d. howevcl‘. that
he did have time to ticnd briciiy a
small party that do at the art
building.

Cowlcy'assertcd that the decision
ol the review committee on
Reintscntn‘s wo'k was completely
above boa rd nd regular in
procedure. llc siiystliiit Reintscntn's

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

work was ol a very extreme nature.
but lacking in artistic inspiration,

A question remains in that the
Iacuity gave .Ioris A grades in all her
previous courses. tiicn suddenly
iuilcd her exhibit. §lie claims the
locally had prcviously decided to
give her ilic shaft.

lalking to the graduate school
dean and other officials produced no
action. claims Rciutscnta. but her
petition to the (iraduate Academic
Council for alhea’ring was favored
and the hearing resulted in udccision
site should be given a second
graduate exhibit.

I . ‘ . H .
sons Relntume showing some or in: room stud-ti?

Itcintsema‘s lawyers have had a
suit drawn up against the school.
which maintains that her degree was
denied by an “arbitrary and
capricious decision" by the art facul-
ty. a legal term for an unfair and
biased decision. Reints‘cma has held '
oil scrvingthe suit in the Albany Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals. however. due
to the expected legal costs.

she is presently awaitinga reply to
her latest letter to the Art
department asking what other alter-
natives thcdcpartmcnt wiiioffer her.
it it will not grant her thcdcgree out-
right.

 

