 

  
  
  
  
 

 

    

" HOW  Harp.

 

 

  
 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

J'sn‘t‘zit . u

 

84 central ave. alhany

tower ' a some

 
  

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

$6.29 2 Li” out

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

2;.
..

,g
 25c w/tax 75c w/o tax A, j. t , y g
d ..... ., m. " ' ‘

fall festival
Oct. 31 - Nov..3

 

 

How does your Jack 0' Lantern rate?

 
 
  

Bring y0ur already cut pumpkin to the
CC cafeteria to be iudged. You may win a prize!

Thurs. 3-4 pm

 

complete with hayride. folk music by Baker Street

pnd cocoa.

aBus tickets can be picked in the CC lobby next Wed. - Fri.

 

 

Class of ‘77 cospdhsors with SE8 0 Fall Festival Dance

featuring CATHEDRAL Fri. night in the Ballroom

 

Cocoa Worm-up -
hot chocolate 8. marshmallows FREE

Friday it - 1 pm in the CC main lounge

 

 

Spend an autumn evening at Mohawk 

  

 

 

Buses will leave circle at 7 pm. Sat. night

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 ; Sunday night coffeehouse in the Ballroom
featuring HECTOR
with Free coffee and donuts

Starting at 8:30 pm

Free w/tax 25c w/o tax

.......:.

 

Sponsored by Special Events Board

 

 

 OCTOBER 25,41974'

 

Randy~  is fast becoming

’ one of the most ‘retpected names in
W industry, despite his being ~

a “niysterious figure" for many

“ years. There are probably more peo-
‘ple trying to ﬁnd out more about _
Randy Newman than any othercon-
 temporary artist.“ ‘

Randy Newman: writes songs
lots at" songs~lotsllol excellent. one-
olott-kind songs that have been sung
and recorded by many artists (Joni
Mitchell. Judy Collins. Three Dog
‘Nighl. Etta James, and Harry
Ntlsson. who recorded a whole
album "Ni/s50" Sings Newman")

“Newman uses the popular song. .
.to tell stories.‘create characters, and
describe situations within dramatic
settings provided by his piano. . .(he
is) comic invention by way of Al
Capp. (iroucho Marx. and Mark
'lwain." ‘_

Nettman has studied piano since
age seven and has a degree from

 

UCLA itt classical music composi- . 

tion. His talent for orchestration.
conducting. and arranging is un-
ntatched in rock: he writes
sophisticated music for adults with
irony, beauty. tragedy. humonand a
taste lor the bilarrc. He isknown l'or
ltis sledge-hammer subleties and
tongue-in-chcck social cotntttetttat'y.
but ltis humorous approach ol‘teu
hasadeadly serious intention as with
so muclt literary satire. Simple lyrics
accompanied by his ten lingers on
piano or by an entire symphony. a
dead-pan. almost conversational
singing voice with little vocal styliz-
ing. dry. matter—of—l‘act wit—~these
are Randy Newman.

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  

 
   
 
 
  
  

 
 

"Dolphini‘fwa not only the ,le ol';a Very luccessful film"
s ago but isalsp a theme which repeat '

 
    
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 

  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 

l'ltt tty tt’ l‘arast‘l‘ttreitiumiol;ittitt'.’l'arttntdin ltalianlin Southern ltal
t “its loundcd inca. 706 _B.C.5a's is Spartan colony. Its lounderWatt
; I’lt alantlt us. who \ isited the oracle at Delphibel'ore setting out. On his way'_
lt'ottt Delphi to Italy. in the Cristtean (iulI' (part ol’ the (hill ul‘Corinthlf
l'halattthus sutl'cred shipttreck. according to l’ausanias‘ “Description of '
Greece.“ but “as rescued and home ashore by a dolphin. ‘l'hc story-is lire-

' ouctttlydcpictcd on Iat‘cntine coittsl‘romthe sixthlotltclhird century BC. I 
lhc coin shott tt in the photograph ,bclott' dates from the early ﬁfth century \
EC. and lcatttrcs l’ltnlanthus riding on the dolphin. abovea cockle shell. The
ontttc'ot tltc city. larus. is giten in a retrograde (right to Mt) inscription;

 

 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

the story ol Arion‘s encounter with a‘dolphin is told by the historian"
Ilcrodottts and better known. Ariott. a litntotts musician and poet. was in me.
M'I'Hccttl I’critntdctt. thct'yrantol‘Corinth (ca.625 585 B.C.). On his way
home lront :t tisit to ltalyattd Sicily he “as threatened with death by sailors
\\ Ito meant to rob hint ol' his money. Arion asked and received permission to
sing one last songand tltctt leaped overboard. A dolphin. probably attracted ‘ -
by r\l‘lttlt'.\ Iotcly music. picked ltint up and carried him solely to Cape
lacnarttnt on the southern-most tip of the l’elopottncsus. From there he
made his on) back to Corinth.

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 

 
  

/
Mary the Younger. Roman ttritcr of letters. tells of a dolphin who
repeatedly protidcd rides to it young boy ol tltc Roman City ol llippo itt
.\ott|t :\lt'ic:t. lhc unhappy outcome of tltis story is that the dolphin at-
tracted ttnttclcontc tourists and “as ordered to be destroyed by the city
latltcrs. -

  
       
     
    
    
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

l’ausunias. rclcrrcd to show. reportsthat he himscll'satt a tame dolphin at
I’orosclcttc. it small island bctttccn Lesbos attd the Asian ntainland. l'his
Randy Newman will be appearing at the Campus Center Ballroom, dolphin had been ttoundcd by lislterntcn and cured ol its ttottttds by ahoy. It
Sunday at 8:00 p.m, with Sweet Mama snake Us” b'uﬂqock group sltottcd its gratitude by responding to the boy‘s call and carrying him
. . ttltcttcter he named a ride. l’attsantas is generally regarded as a reliable
ttnncss. .
| hertolphins‘ si/e. intelligence. and friendliness tend to git c some support
to these and similar stories recorded in antiquity.

ll-  l‘ - l‘li.
I’Clclillb'ci‘tlLltyliif‘illhiilli‘is)    
O
This Weekend

and “Sail Away" very highly

acclaimed .) scored one movie (“Cold

lurkcy")and conducted the scores lhc second concert ol the
\lbant Symphony ()rehcslt'zt‘s
ltttty-l-rtttttlt Subscription

 

nnnu '- n .. n x. u r. n In I m n - u m u m u m n u u m u m n m n m n m u m n m it in )lJiLJlJ

 

.- x. -.. mm 1.

 

 

Commodore Cleaners 8
Laundry

: Open for business

i DUTCH- - Ten Eyck basement

INDIAN - - Mohawk basement
STATE - - Irving basement

COLONIAL - - Herkimer basement

4 pm-6 pm Mon -Fri

tor another movie. “l’crlorntance.”
Mama “Ill take place Saturday.
(h-tobc- lit. at K13” PM in the
i'.tl.tcc lltcatte. Albany.
lc.ttuted pctlorntcrs are .luhus
Ilcgyt. (onductot and Music
lltlt'L'lttl ol the Albany
\y ntpltotty. and M a rt in
\lotgcttslctn. \ltlllll. I't‘ttgrnlnltt-
ctl \\tl|l\\ :ttc Ichatltottslty's
lIH/Ill (I/Iltt'lltl m I) Imt/ur.
l\ |’.l. lint-It’s .Stm/t/iultt in It
Illlllt‘l. ll q, INS/5.
\Itoslnkottch'shtttt/I/mut \o,(t,
.md llL‘Illl |)uttllcu\' llrIa/m/i't.
\ leading tecttnltst and

   
 
 

3
J

 

chamth music itlll\l. Mr.
\ltllyt'lhlrlll has been a parttci-
]\.tltl til the l‘L'sllHll ('asalstn San
.lt|.tll. l’ucrto Rico. ‘ - ' ‘ r V,

 

rtntuutur—tnn ll to n m u m u m u m

 

 

 

[Emma  ..  ..  ..  u  ..  ..  t.  ..  .. t.

r n m n m u nuuttj
p

 

 

¥

 
  

The lung-10h.“ Proceeds of 7'15 ’l‘hggmg of Elood to Multiple Sclerosis.
' ’7

  
     
  
 
   
 

‘ i

 i ;

The alternative. fitth experience since 1954, 5
i. 1

presents

Bergman
Week 3- The Magician
Saturday, Oct.26

LC 7 7: l5 9:45
and
Theatre of ﬁlm”.
with Vincent Price
Friday, Oct. 25 7:15 9:45
LC 18 Midnight!
it. All shows: .50 with tax. $1.00 without tax.

1- 4-:

     
  
 
  
  
 

 tt".n—~

 

Theatre of Blood

 

PAGE 7A

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS - .

 

 
   

