 

 

 

a l l ..
i ‘1 i
l: ’ l r .
is t ‘ '
 I i I i . li“
\l' .
‘l

. ,. /i

each potential confrontation with Middle

America loften felt as if l were cngagedvin a '

deadly p?[§lliéﬂﬂiu0f Russian Roulette.
As an example of what often became the
“worst of times.“ nothing was moredisconeer-
ting to me,t_hpn to enter a. stranger‘s home
there to be abused by some bitter old sort ofa
frustrated patriot. Vehemently i would be

as o mil

p Y line. [gingerly held;
these frothtng and foaming armchair Genghis:
Kahns bowitg my_way and scraping towards
the door; lassic Pentagonese lgadvanced,
strategies“ to the learn la the South Viet-
namese La _ n’Expeditionary Force.
" .I can't say that l ever'hated these‘Rttther--
ford David ,Jethroe JellicoJJethroLt‘: Rusty")

x I Drawing understanding‘from‘Mailer‘s ' ‘
.d‘ in paragon‘of the blustering. buffooning

American manhood trip as portrayed in his
pity WeAre in Vietnam. inormally felt com-‘
passion and pity mined with but the faintest

 

... " ‘j hint of ' . , " ", it
would have'been . verbal salvo at these

'pugnacious louts. but [would have had better

luck trying to persuade an over-ripe
muskmelon. Once a man gets set in his ways it
is no light task to liberate him from the op-
pressive constraints of sheer irrational convic-
tion. My goal was to work effectively against
the war; to convince as many people as possi-
ble that our_actions in Vietnam were immoral
and unconstitutional. Rather than beating my.
brains out in a potentially pyrrhic effort to
convince the unconvincible. I felt it better. as
the saying goes. to live to fightanotherday...
'l‘hc glory days of American radicalism and
moral outrage have for the time being sub-
sided. We havc plunged into a seemingly bot-
tomless well ofa funk in which conviction has
long since drowned. However, for some
obscure reason I feel like sounding off today
so I will resurrect the dead for a brief
rhetorical fling. Come with me then. the less
than naive Don Quixote. as l tilt a few rounds
against those enchanted politicians and
generals who ordered me to don the mantle of

to—

The d manningtre‘e pudding '

. .3“
heads. ~these tallowbrains of Falstaffean
proportions caused to Well up insideof me has

I led my philosophical. metamorphosis into a _
Va lifetitrie‘a’dvocate‘ofalt‘e Cieneraf Patio!) Short

' and sweet Method'of International Conflict
Resolution. This leads me to my less than
original alternative to war. the title of this half-
bakcd column. ,_ . H t g g, , 3“ "“
Patton wanted to end World'War. if or at.

least its African Theater by doing some serious
one-to-one tanks with Romm'ell. On a large
scale what better solution to all Wars tha'nto
let those few who haves genuine stake in them

kick‘ odt" their psychic jams far removed from g
the less cantankerous segments of humanity- -

If there are any red-blooded statesmen in the
global housewho wish to irradicatethcir inter-
national counterparts. that‘s cool. Let‘s put
them all on an island. preferably Bikine Atoll
or Novaya Zemlya. or if need he a whole
bloody continent (albeit a poor third world
one). give them allthcimpletnents ol‘dcsti‘uc—
tion they need to overkill each other and allow
the vermin to get down to some serious mutual
extermination. The rest of us can sit back.
swill beer. read the daily rag. and watch the
tiltillating first-hand reports from the combat
lone on the evening snooze. ' ..

I realize that sitnplistics is becoming a stylis-
ed way of life around this column. at least
w en ldarc to venturcinto the political realm.

enough of the straight stuff every day to keep
the most jaded political junkie perpetually
whining. “Afterma hard daywith the ent-.
piricists. it feels good to uﬁbénd the putt overa
little good-natured loquaciotts name-calling.
Sotnetimes'we worry too much about facts

7 on not end h about emotions. We ten 9 '
forget the need for balance in all things. ‘

 'This short disjointed piece can best be c _
cltlde'd ‘ making the ,poignantobserv‘at: on '

ll,

7 t all i want. that all most of us’ want is to live

oiTr lives in peace, tobe left reasonably alone It
would be easy to blithelysay, “No swear
in ‘74," but tell thatyto‘the ghosts of the
countless unwitting by-st'andards who got in

the‘waytof the lndochina conliagration. lin- '

fortunately. unpleasant thoughts like that
have a way of rapidly melting out of the con-

sciousness desert sun. The act of converting .

against war(but more importantly against a
misguided dangerous way of life. seems in the
fall of I974 to be an almost archaic concept. a
prehistoric occupation consigned to an
antediluvian past. We wast-introspective in the

. seventies: bitching and moaning about a little

inflation. two cars in every garage instead of

‘ three. Sing ,me them ain’t it hard blues. Not

withstanding our national willingness to loose
ourselves/in this greedly quest for affluence,
the struggle fora permanentlyjust and decent

world. a world without war, goes on. Accept

the above Mayhem as. ifnot adequate. at least
an hottest attempt to keep thatstrugglealivc. i
care about peace and revere it more than
anythingelsc in life.

 heing'a full-time gradwtte'studentd get: ‘

 

F

c

 

Assessment. “of .

needs, you

this year's edition together.

.x-u...

Get lnvolved in your school!

Suggestions also welcome.

Limited numbers of this year's edition
still available in CC 346'tor 25c

L

PAGE TWELVE

Literally hundreds of volunteers needed to help us put

we NEED your help. ‘ACT' NOW. V

Courses and Teachers

. It you can give us even a few hours of your time this year,

Contact: Dave or Mark 482-1423

Gail 472-7709

Bill 438-4034

‘ ALBANY 'STUDENTA'PRESS

 i

g MMWWWJ...

Sue 438-5726 '
‘ Maureen 457-5211

funded byjstttdlnt association

carcasses. 1974

 

 

 

‘ f   

Extravaganza

  g 20 kegs free beer . . . munchies 0. . .1 trick or treats 1

Apple bobbing
Pumpkin carving
Dance contest

Best costumes

Campus Center Ballroom
9:00 - 1:00 am
$.50 w/Coloniol Quad card
51 .00 w/tox cord
$1.50 w/o tax cord

costumes not required

but encouraged

(lot. 31

; Halloween

Win Prizes Donated by:

“v .n.

Stuyvesant Liquors";
Grants

State Photo
Howard Johnson:

Across the Street Pub

 slosd

 

 

