 

eyelﬁd'ulul , ~. a.

 W, ~.-.......- in»..-

 

 

and ardent's‘hatlow,,Govemor Malcolm Wilson has for-.

eed. Wilson said that} he could not condone Rockefeller‘s

I _ V e llasky book detaining Arthur Goldberg. Rockefeller‘s

1l9 Democrattc oppo . for the Governorship. To the tune of $60,000. the Vice-

President Designate authorized a book which allowed him to cheat his way into his
fourth‘tenn as .Governogof New York. U

Democratic senatorial candidate Ramsey Clark chided the former Governor for a

“5.000 contribution made to his opponent..incuntbent‘Senator Jacob Javits. Javits/
himself, as he typically does,when pqulldel' pressure. equivocated by saying that he
may return the contribution. Rockefeller has gotten‘his filthy-rich hands into every
aspect of government. from the local level up through and including Washington. If he
cannot get himself elected to the White House, he‘s going to try his hardest to buy his
entrance ticket there. _ v _

The Rockefeller Coup, the most artistic bloodless political takeover in our history is
almost a reality. The vigilance of the House and Senate investigative committees may
prevent that ascension. but the probability of that is slight. ~

The four State University Centers join in their belief that the former Governor
should remove his name from consideration for the Vice-Presidency immediately, in
order to allow someone more competent to assume that position.

Nobody‘s Doormat

The United University Professions. the union representing faculty on the SUNYA
mpus is treading dangerously close to effecting a breach of the close relations that
students and faculty have enjoyed of late. Though opposing the action themselves, the '
union effectively removed all students from decision-making inﬂuence in tenure review
procedures. Now. as direct. result of SUNYA faculty insistence. the Administration
through the Management and Planning Ofﬁce will reinstate segregated parking on the
Dutch and State Quad parking lots.

Resident students have long been on the receiving end of number of serious insults
both to their dignity and their rights as students and as citizens. The decision by the on-
ion. and compliance by the Governor‘s office to the faculty demands for segregated
parking is a cruel blow to the 5400 students living on the Uptown .. r " ‘
will now be forced to park theircars in the rear portion of the two lots: the furthest from
their dorms and from their classes. For no other reason than outright discrimination
against a class of citizenship on this campus. faculty. administration and off—campus
commuters will be given priority in placement of parking space.

Based on the assumption that all of the cars parked in a lot in the eveningorduring a
weekend afternoon are exclusively those of residents. it is estimated that on the Dutch
Quad lot. the total number of resident's cars occupy only the ﬁrst four rows. These four
rows will now be pushed back to the last four. easily a walk of over one thousand yards
to the front entrance of the Quad. This was done merely to entitle the faculty to all their

.“due privileges." 0n the ﬁrst-come first-served basis for parking which had been in

effect by University Senate action since last year, the faculty were at worst in-
convenienced by those ﬁrst four rows of cars. When the winter comes, and the faculty
vacates the lot overnight. we hope the faculty will rest comfortably knowing that an en-
tire parking lot will remain devoid of cars. except for the back four rows “reserved for
the resident students."

The treatment that students have been receiving of late has been disgraceful. The city
of Albany- has determined that a student is not ﬁt to live where he choses. Now the
faculty has determined that a student is not fit to park his car where he chooses. We
cannot quietly accept this inexorable process. The cause of students‘ rights must be

protected and defended~especially against incroachments by our own faculty.

 

.é  

y .
Eotroltnctitlr.......... ... . .. .. .. ...............DAVIDLERNER
MANMHNGIDI‘I’OI . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . .. ...........NANCYS.M|LLER
Iummmmau............... . . . .  . . . . . . . . . ..........LBZUICKEIMAN
“News-entro-................  ..NAych.ALawou
WIATINIWS mtron...... .. .........‘Mtcrt.taLSeNA
Pensrtt‘rtvrseoiron..........t   .............DANIELGAINE
Assot'tarr Itlsru‘nvrs lotion .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . BARBARA FtsctttttN
Tecumcu. IDIIOI... . . . . . . . .  PATRICK MCGL'.'NN
Associate "cutout. sorrou . . . . .. . .. . . DONALD NEMCIK. WILLIAM J. Statztt
EDIIOIMLMGIIDIM. .   . . . . . . . ...........|MINDYALTMAN
Alﬂl:ll"0l.............    ALANy’AIﬂlHY
Assocunurtrutrol ............................2..........PAULP£LAOALLI
 BautrsMAaotN
Assoctue scouts EDIIOI .   ...KtmNtrrtt AitoUtNo
ontarturNttmmou...........................................LINDAMULa'
Assorttnnnvriirtunomumn............... ..............LtNDADasM0No
(futurist: ADVlIﬂIlNG mason............. .....JoANNttS.ANottttws
anrrirtr‘otros  ‘ ' " ‘ Wanov'Aeuul
arsrrruomlqrusll.-...n...nu..............,....itsNAuron.lloIMAomsN

.t............ ...

butt omcn‘ All LOCATI‘D tit Cmrur Currant out no. Orin murmurs m 451-2l90 snot
. ' “MIN. Wit All MI'I'IALI-V written-Iv nomr‘woctkrrou. '- ..
‘ T, . . .. . r . 4rrv' --I' "A" " ' """("lv 4‘

 

 

 

7

 

 

 

 

‘My renew mac/ems, MY an— INFLATION PPOGPAM

Mu. HAVE TEETH IN IT. .’

The Modern Campaign

The campaign for the govemorship of New
York is beginning to heat up. In trying to
search for insights into how an effective cam-
paign should be run. I travelled to Madison
Avenue in New York City. and talked with an
old friend. Harry Slick, on the subject.

“Harry. what would you think Hugh
Carey's campaign planners are hoping to itc-
complish in the coming month?"

"Well. I would say they are trying to de-
emphasize Carey‘s heavy eyebrows. They tend
to give him a stern. mean look.“

“I see. And what are Governor Wilson‘s
planners attempting to do?“

“First and foremost. they are trying to get
him a nice collection of wide ties. Have you
noticedrthose pencil-thin. soup-stained ones
he‘s worn in thepast?They seemed to stick out
like ll sore thumb."

“Well. yes. I had noticed. Any other impor-
tant happenings we should expect?“

“A few things. Look for Wilson‘s T.V. cum-
paign to intensify. He‘ll have to depend on the
tube because he gives the appearance of being
too short when he's seen in crowds. And look
for Carey to constantly attack Wilson for not
meeting with the people of the state. This will
be especially true in the rural areas. Carey may
very well attack Wilson days on end without
discussing one issue. If he begins to give his
view in upstate New York on how he plans to
solve our problems. he could really be hurt.“

, "How about debates? Are they ti
possibility?"

"The ad-inen would have to be nuts to let
Wilton debate Carey. There is a slight chance

Carey miﬂit km his rather quick temper. but .

lrttoie than likely he would be able to control
_ latte". .l’rn alrald there it little hope for

Why Steve  :--

Wilson. He would probably come off as being
a little on the pompous side. He‘s not the most
handsome guy in the world. and he would
most likely have to sit on a telephone book to
approach Carey's stature."

‘So in other words. Harry. you look fora
campaign in which each man goes his separate
ways to influence the voters. instead of by
confronting each other before large crowds 1’“

“Exactly. It's the new American way to
campaign."

“But.” We interjected. “it seems as it the
voters are being asktil to eitherde-emphatsi/c
or over-emphasizephysical characteristics. Is
this fair 7"

Hurry§lick shuddered. “l‘m truly slll'pl'lhcti
at yourynaivctc. What could be more impot-
tunt than having rigged-looking governor
who's a fast talker'llt‘s crucial in the next
American politics; Do we want ll meal)-
tnoutlted. upstanding intellectual its our slzllc

leader or do wewantagood politician who can
perform such duties usmaking compromislllg
deals with large firms? l think the answer is oh—
vlous." ' " '

“Hut Harry. the country's decision-making
process is based on compromise. not on mak-
ing compromising deals."

“Don‘t nitpick 'on small. unimpol'lﬂlll
POinlS- Anyway. I'm going to have to cut this
interview short. I‘ll just close by saying thle
Madison Avenue is the greatest thing tlttil cwl
happened to modern politicians.“

“Yes. and modern politicians are the wonl
thing that ever happened to American
representative government." | sltot hack,
H5"? SliCk gave me it strange. uncotnpreltcn-
dinl look all slowly shook my head and left
his office.

."‘
\ '\‘\
.\\

\

l‘

l
6

1

mo

31,, I
. 4/

.’

/

 

