 

 

by Don Nettlelk
no Joyce ll.‘ loin

Obviously the cliche “Ford has a
better idea" holds some truth as
Albany State combined that
triumphant balanced attack that has
thus far provided an undefeated
season and a chance at the much
deserved recognition in the college
footballl world at Plattsburgh.
Saturday. as they overwhelmed the
Cardinals by a score of 49-8.

it was a game that saw seven
Albany State touchdowns and a
flawless day for Al Martin providing
the extra points. The Albany offense
was sparked by Glenn Sowalskie.
who totaled I64 yards in lo carries
for three Great Dane scores. The
team rushed for 370 yards. including
Marvin Perry‘s 63 yards in only three
carries. His big gain came on a 55
yard carry on a pitch'from Bertuzzi
that put Albany on the board in the
first quarter.

Albany added another seven in the
second quarter with Sowalskie‘s
two-yard plunge.

After the defense held off
Plattsburgh‘s Jim Fraser and Ver-.

non Blue. it raided Joe Garcia's posi-
tion behind a line that could not con-
tain Rudy Vido. Frank Villanova
and Tim Myers or keep them from
terroiizing the Cardinal offense.i

Albany's defense was headed up
by Don Mion who picked off two
passes and gathered in another fum-
ble. Albany managed to obtain
seven Plattsburgh turnovers.

The second half saw'quarterback
John Bertuzzi riflea five yard pass to
halfback Marvin Perry for a
touchdown. Later on a third down
and one from the three yard line.
Bertuzli spotted Glenn Sowalskie in
the end zone for the fourth tally.

With the game in hand. Dave
Ahonen was put in to call signals for
Albany and he put together a 34-
yurd strike to end Don Whitely.

Then. Piatlsburgh‘s offense ac-
complished theironeand only score.
With the ball on the 23-yard line.
Garcia unloaded a bullet to Huck
Firm for the touchdown (Mark
Twain couldn't have made a better
play). On an almost instant replay.
they added a 2-point passing conver-
sion. Then it was Sowalskie‘s speed

and power on a kickoff return to
make it a 42-8 margin. Albany‘s last
score came on an intercepted pass.

Albany‘s effective strategy with

the wishbone offense against
Plattsburgh involved the option-
,type play. Coach Ford explained in
this manner. “After the snap. the
defense must cover thequarterback.
the fullback. a possible pitch or
hand-off. or a quick pump to the
split end." That leaves four
possibilities. three inside and one
wide. which can be utilized offen-
sively by u cutplay oracounter play.

Coach Ford scouted a Plattsburgh
right-left 52 Oklahoma defense with
a "Monster in the Middle“ to defend
the inside ground. That‘s when
Albany switched to the outside.
Coach Ford added. “it was a high
thought game between our offense
and their tough defensive line.
Sowaisk ie did a great job in the back
field and Dom Roncone had a great
'ballgame.“

Dom Roncone‘s commentonthe
game was. “Plattsburgh. like Curry,
concentrated on stopping our inside
running game. We retaliated b'y run-

The football team led by John Bertuzzl and his wishbone offense. The Dance return

home Saturday to face RPl.

 

Runners Fold at Nationals

by George Miller

Events just didn't turn out quite
right Saturday afternoon for the
Albany StatcCross-Country team as
they finished a mediocre l9th in the

NCAA Division ill
Wenton. illinois.

“We're not crying.“ said Coach
Bob Munscy. “Ofcourse we weren‘t
overjoyed when we came back. if
we'd ﬁnished in the ﬁrst ten.l would
have been by far contentwitlt that.“

Two Fine Times

As it was, however. the barriers
were only able to squeeze out two
ﬁne times. one fair time. one poor
one and one disastrous one. When
you total these results up in light of
68 schools in a National meet. |9th
place isn't all that poor. Then again.
with what the past season has
revealed. it isn‘t all that admirable
either.

Division lii champions for I974
turned out to be Mount Union with
IOS points. Occidental College front
California (l48) grabbed second.
followed by North Central College
“74) and a suprise fourth place
ﬁnish by Brandeis.

finals in

As far as awards go. All-American
honors are given otrt to the top 25
runners each year. Stalwart for the
(ircat Danes. Vinny Reda. capped
his cross-country career by placing
'5”) and thereby gained All-
Amcricun honors.

Chris liurns crossed 39th out of
the 304 finishers in another fine ef-
fort. Chris. only a sophomore. will
be back for two more seasons. cer-
tainly a bright spot in Albany‘s
future. Carlo Cherubino obviously
didn‘t run up to his capabilities. as
displayed by his disappointing 66th
place finish.

Unfortunately you can't run a
meet with only three men. it takes
five and this is where Albany really
got burned. What it all comes down
to is how high those number four
and ﬁve men can ﬁnish. if you‘re
looking for a good shot at a top spot.
they‘d better be uptltere around lot)
to say the least.

“Here's where we were in trouble,"
revealed Munsey. “Our fourth guy
was not who we thought it would be.
it was Gary Furlong. He was l96th."

Placing 51b for Albany was Brian

 

Davis. Munsey's “IM man“. who end-
ed up a crushing 268th.

“it was the worst day he‘s ever
had." reflected Conch Mtrnscy. “i
think it might have been first time
jitters. i don‘t think he‘ll ever have
one like that again.“ Nevertheless.
tltc damage was donc and that was
witcrc it cost.

“One thing that everyone was glad
to see was that i‘lattsburgh swallow-
ed the apple". said Munscy.
Although they finished Itith. the
Cardinals were expecting three or
four All-Americans. As it turned out
according to Coach Munscy. “We
had our two guys ahead of their
first." i guess revenge is still sweet
even though it came indirectly.

Season Closes

With the running ofthc Nationals.
the cross-country season is rapidly
drawing to it close. The varsity has
their last dual meet this afternoon
against Union at 3:30 right here on
the Albany campus. it is your last
chance to see the barriers in action.
The last meet of the year is the
lCAAAA Championships on Mon-
day. November lilth.

ning wide and this proved to be high-
ly effective. The defensive unit had
somewhat of a minor difﬁculty try-
ing to stop the passing game of
Plattsburgh. But as in previous
games. the defense would bend but

magnetron. cud.  ‘ i

would not break."
Albany's outstanding season is a
result of the players’ hard work and

determination as well as the

leadership and innovation of a
dedicated head coach.

ithaca Wins Bowl;
Danes Finish 7th

(AP) —-Und cfcated lthaca College is the winner of the Lambert Bowl as the
top Eastern football team in the National Collegiate Athletic Association‘s
Division ill category. it was announced Monday.

Ithaca. 9-0. compiled its second perfect season in nine years by defeating
Rochester Tech 68-l 7 last Saturday. The Bombers received ﬁve of the seven
ﬁrst-place votes in the Lambert balloting.

Slippery Rock. 8-0-1. which got the other ﬁrst place votes. became the
runncnrp after posting a 27-5 victory against Clarion State.

ithactt will rcceivethc Bowl presented by Henry and Victor Lambert Dec. 5
during a luncheon scheduled for the Hotel Biltmore.

in order. the rest of the ﬁnal Lambert Bowl top ten and their records were:
Franklin & Marshall. 8-0: Millersvillc. 8-i; Widener. 7-l; MontclairStatc.6-
2-l; Albany State. 8-0: Trinity. 6-2; Kean. 8-l; and Georgetown. 5-l.

For perhaps the first time this season.

lthaca College footballCoach

Jim Butterﬁcld has admitted he is looking ahead.

The future for Buttetfield and his team. which buried Rochester Tech
Saturday to finish 9—0. is an invitation to a bowl game—an invitation sure to
come after the Bombers enhanced their status as the No. 1 small college team

in the East.

“I don‘t think it‘s going to sink in for some time." Butterﬁeld said after his
team‘s 68-l7cakewalk at Rochester. it was his first unbeaten team.

invitations will be extended Nov. 19 to two Eastern teams to compete in

the Knutc Rocknc Bowl on Nov. 30.

The winner of. that bowl meets a

Midwest small college team the following Saturday in the Amos Alonzo

Stagg Bowl in i’hcnix City. Ala.

lthttcn players have the week off before resuming practice. “i told thcmto
relax and get their minds off football." Butterﬁeld said.

Meanwhile. their coach will be ottt recruiting for the [975 Bomber team.
“Recruiting. of course. is the name oftitc game." lte said. “You‘d betterthink

ahead or ou'rc roin v to sink.“
E

in other games Saturday. two top New York State teams completed their

seasons with wide victory margins.
And St. Lawrence. 7-2. outclassed Renssclttcr

Brockport State. 41-6.
Polytechnic institute. 45-6.

Hobart finished 8-l by defeating

Albany State. the state's only other unbeaten. demolished Plattsburgh
State. 49-8. for the Danes‘ eighth straight triumph. They play RPi Saturday.
Fordham handed Hamilton its 20th straight loss. I6-l3; Rochester edged
Alfred. l0~7; Middlebury. Vt.. bombed Union. 3l-3; and Cortland Statctied

Central Connecticut. l4-i4.

Saturday was it day of individual as well as team accomplishment for
Ithaca. which breezcd through a strong schedule to its first perfect season in

nine years.

Senior fullback Dave Remick rushed for l02 yards and thereby became the
first lthaca player to reach the l.000-yard rushing plateau. He had l.0i0 on

the season.

His backfield teammate. quarterback Jerry Boyes. ﬁred three touchdown

passes and built his season total to 15.

mailer

Oran-Country our Rode. who boecmo an All-American Saturday.

 

 

mg... I n.

.. . w a
Although this house It 345 Hamilton St. to relatively well-kept. many on the about are not. Students
plan to Inhabit two housesin this area, in an effort to prove that the old town houses are Ilvesble.

 

Future Off-Campus Dwellers’Plans
Unaltered by New Housing Law

by Ellen iickstein

Albany Mayor Corning altered the future plans of
hundreds of students when he signed the new housing
bill. Students. according to the new law. will now have to
limit cohabitation to no more than three trnrclatcd per-
sons to it dwelling.

Considering that this bill could lettveu large rttunbcr of
students without apartments. ii surprising cairn and even
complacency seemed to pl'L'Hlii. At present. few appcttr
Worried about this bill. especially since it will not im-
mediately affect off-campus students. The real problems
will come ttcxt year when students will try to find off-
campus housing.

“l‘m not going to let tltc new bill bother rite." com-
mented one off—campus resident. “if i Willllcd to stay i
would. We have good relations with the family on the
first floor.“ ltcaddcd. The student lives with three others
on the second floor of ti house on Kent Street.

The atmosphere was likewise quiet at the off-campus
housing office on the Albany Sltrtc Campus. Student
signs asking for roommates and apartment fact sheets
remained upon the walls its usual. Nosigns of panic were
apparent. Apartments calling for ntorc than three per-
sons wcrc still being listed.

“I would advise students against renting with more
than three people." declared Joseph Scaring. Director of
Off-Campus iiousing. “We will continue to list four or
more bedroom apartments but we will also write about
Ihc lnw. ldon't really see any crisis in student housing."
remarked Scaring. “in my opinion." he continued.
“Perhaps only ten percent of the off-campus studcnts live
in excess of thrcc (pcrsons)."

Despite thc fact that current off-campus students will
not immediately be affected. the law remains as an
obstacle. if the law is enforced. students will probably
have to face higher rcnts or rctttrn to the campus dor-
mitorics. “When a $300 ti month rent is divided among
five peoplc it‘s cheap. but reduee that to three and it
forces tltc student out.“ stated Joel Diringer who lives on
Manning Boulevard, a ltighly residential street.

Enforcement ()f The New Law

Yet most students are not especially worried that the
ordinance will ever be enforced on arty muss scale.
“Since it will probably be enforced on it complaint basis
front neighbors you should speak to your neighbors. Try
to get your neighbors to come to you to turn dowrra
stereo. instctttl ol'going to the landlord or tile city," said

lrn liirnbttu tn who plans to move off-campus within the
near future. “i think" he continued. “that 95% of the
cases will go undetected."

The students who will seek off-campus housing for the
Full l975 term may be the guinea pigs. ifthey decide to
defy the law and cohabitnte in numbers exceeding three
it may become obvious as to how stringently the housing
law will be enforced.

 

by Naomi Friedlander

A glimpse of lower Hamilton
Street in downtown Albany
produces ajarring effect. Set against
the old world dignity of Washington
Park and the marble uniform of the
South Mall. stand a row of.aban-
doncd. disintegrating buildings.
These structures. once elegant and
distinctive. now mirror each other
with their- boarded-up front win-
dows. chipping paint. and crumbling
ceilings.

“The houses are habitable. The
reason tltcy are so bad is their social
history.“ declared Greg Bell. tr
member of the Hudson-Park
Ncigltborhood Association and a te-
mint on upper Hamilton St. The
completion of the South Mall pro-
jcct aroused commercial speculation
in residential areas. leading to the ‘
demolition of many neighboring
housing structures such as those on
lower Hamilton.

Landlords have perpetuated the
ruling of these historic buildings
with the rcalimtion that the profit
from selling the vacated lots to corn-
mcrcial buyers will greatly exceed
any that would be collected as rent
from tenants. says liell.

“The city does not enforce housing
codes." Bell explained as one reason
why this process ofdctcrioration and I
demolition continues. “The in- l
terrclzttionship of city and private
owncrship has perpetuated this
system.“

Only recently has the city hired
new housing inspectors who are con-
ccrncd with the cycsorcs surroun-
ding them. The city htts also
developed a priority system.
whereby tenants can voice their
housing complaints. But for lower
Hamilton S1,. these innovations
have not yet brought about im-
provements.

associated press wlrophoto

Above: Palestinian Liberation Organization Chairman Vaslr Arafat responds to

greetings Wednesday at the United Nations Building in New York. Bottom: Police

escort a pro-Israel demonstrator from the area. About 100 demonstrators chanted.
“Murderers, murderers” as aides of guorllla chief Arafat arrived.

Richard and Joseph Gerrity.
owners of Arrowhead Realty which
in turn owns many of the vacated
buildings on ‘lower Hamilton.
delivered one-month eviction
notices to all the residents on that
st rcct during the summer of I973. All
the tenants moved out except two
families. the Michael [loves of 360
Hamilton. who could find no other
place to lch and James lnness and
his family. residing at 325 Hamilton.
lnncss. a former ofﬁcer of the now
disbanded New York State
Volunteers for Missing Persons Unit
I} which sympatliizcd with the Ger-
ritys. manages the Gcrrity owned
Huckclt Apartment Building. also
located on Hamilton. The Boves and
the lnncsscs lived rent frcc.only pay-
ing their monthly utilities. Mike
Howard interpreted (icrrity‘s
motivations for this: “Gerrin does
not want the responsibilities ofbcing
tt landlord so hejust didn’t collect the
rent."

Following an oil-burner fire in
their home. the Bovcs moved into an
apartment at 345 Hamilton. across
the street from their old one. The
liovcs live on the second floorofthis
building as the first and the third
floors tlrc now occupied. 345
Hamilton. with its bright red door
trccenting tltc freshly painted gray
frame. has been kept in goodcond-
tion. which would seem to indicate
that the buildings cart beprcscrvcd.

Though many of the windows of
the upper floors of the abandoned
residences trrc broken and the walls
and ceilings appear damaged by the
weather. Bell assured that the inv
teriors of these homes are not “trash-
cd“ and that the structures are
architecturally sound. He and other
membch of thc Hudson-Park
Neighborhood Association recently
asked Richard Gerrin for permis-
sion to move tenants into these
buildings. However no agreement
cotrld be reached its a meeting on this
issue never took place,

To confinn the livability of these
abandoned buildings. ti group of
SUNYA studentsand proponents of
rehabilitation plan to protest the un-
necessary deuty. They propose to oc-
cupy two of the Hamilton St.
buildings. thus demonstrating that
the residences are still habitable. The
conspiracy to commit a mis-
demeanor is a felony. one source
pointed out when discussing the con-
sequences of these plans. Another
contact asserted that the charges of‘
criminal trespassing or burglary may
be the legal results of this occupa-
tion. However a third authoritative
source intimated the unlikclincss ofa
landlord pressing charges. Eviction
procedures or the demand that art
exhorbitant rent be paid scent to be
more plausible alternatives. he said.
SUNYA‘s Off Campus Student
Coalition nvcrrcd that OCSC will
“morally support and publicize“ stu-
dent cfforts to improve the con-
ditions of Hamilton St. in response
to an ad placed in the ASP on Fri-
day. Nov. 9. Simon reported that
about fifty students have expressed
art interest in participating in the
protestation.

The Historic Albany Foun-
dation‘s 325.000 grant front the
National Endowment of the Arts is
for renovation only in the Hudson-
l’ark neighborhood.

 

