ycggrgszgfgr- - '

Jam
.t

._.,

.. .. .e...~.~‘_.~._ A-.. ...----M~n~2< A—wV\-~ ‘**“"“ ’ ’ '  "

-._...’.._,~._., .ch 4

  

 
  
 
   
   
     
   
 

 

 

«Menu—Wh—

 

    

llidlng a bicycle can be a very rewarding experience.

This is the i/i/rm/ut'lio/i and conclusions ofa N l’l’l RG report mi Blow/c ('liui'iistliii/
cab/cs. The project (’()()I‘t//Iltlllll' was Richard li’uly'ma. Comp/etc cop/es oft/it's wu/
iii/ici N Y P] RU reports are available through NW N Y [’1 RG (drive in Al/Nllll‘ (ll 29 Iz'llr
.S'Ircc/ or Ihroiigli members of PING (II SUN l’A. '

Bicycling is once again on the rise. Ilut along with the recent resurgence of bicycling‘s
popularity. there has been a corresponding increase in the number of bicyclethefts.
In New York City alone 9.654 bicycles were stolen last year and this figure is
accelerating steadily. With such statistics. it is a rare bicyclist who never needs some
sort of security device. such as chains. cables and locks to protect his/her bikcfroin
becoming a theft'casualty. Yet when confronted with the vast array of locks. cables and
chains on the market and the relative merits ofeachasan anti-theft device. thcaveragc
cyclist is apt to become confused. In addition. speaking to proprietors of bicycle shops.
reading chain manufacturers" claims and talking with other bicyclists does not always
help. for both helpful and misleading information has made the rounds.
With the hope ofdlspelling this confusion and providing some reliable information.

PAGE 4P

of bike bill. Federal legislation could easily transfer funds ol'somc ten Illllllttll doll
lrom highway construction to bikcway construction. l'his legislation I\ llllilll\ being
passed. dtic to the analysis ol'statistics released by the Department ol ll'illhlltlllillltill,
and other chcral agcttcics.

ly l)00 people a yeardie fromthese accidents. Most of theaccidcnts III\tll\C\itlllL'ttlllcl
\ClIIL'lC. usually a car.

It all these driycrs were cyclists. the problems ol botlt trallic aitd paiking would he
alleyiatcd. Iwenty bicycles cait fit into a parking space meant for one cat.

ltllllctl States. Andin placcswhcre thcrcare no bikcways. the bicycle boom sllll play.
an inllucnttal role.

irallic on seycral weekend days throughout the year. thousands ol L'yClIsls conic lltllll
all mer the county to leisurely spend the day cycling along a very scenic toad

meant only tor bicycles. In the future. the bicycle should be the most abundant iypcol
\elticlc on the road. Since I972. annual bicycle sales have
sales.

healthy and pleasurcable method of travelling.

The NYPIRG Study 0n

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

. [opt drive, from here to there,
“(anus uninvolved. they fly 0 their 7 tnation.‘ People are used to
i  'for. while theyare no ‘ ew.‘ they e not yet old enough to ha

novelty. ’ ,   .  ‘3'

Why then. one asks. do such great institutions as driving and ttyi n g hm,c
competition'l‘rom the mode otjtravel kno'Wn as cycling? Surely taking a car or
much more comfortable. much' faster. and much more convenient. Yci (in.

‘ day is more pupular than it has ever been.

The bicycle that is familiar to us all was invented late in the nineteenth center.
Called the safety bicycle'. it was a tremendous improvement over the original bicycle
which had a whch five feet in diameter in front. and a smaller one in the hiick,'i'h.i
rider‘s head was sumc eight feet off the ground. and he pedalcd it directly.

With the safety bicycle came the advent of the drive chain system. where pedaling
made the chain turn the wheel. a much more efficient set-up.

But the change in bicycle styles caused an enormous change in clothing, especi.
\vomen‘s fashions. No longer could a woman wear ground length skirts.
would catch in the chain. and she would'topple offthe bicycle. So the he
and female ankles were bared for the lirst time. Bigger and better bicy
tually made-so the hemlines had to come up even further.

then suddenly there was a bloomer boom. Instead ol'skirts. women wore hloomcm
Society balked at such outlandish displin of female anatomy. btit nothing could bu
done.

Alter the turn of the century. an organization known as the League oi Aim-nu”,
Wlteelmcn came into being. The streets were packed with cyclists. and those \\ llt) um-
oii horseback or in the newly invented automobile disliked the situation.
tion was to kttock the cyclists off their bicycles. Often they succeeded.
lights broke ottt. '

Ilie l..A.W. lobbied in Congress. and forced legistration lor the building oi
bikeways. When completed. a ten mile an hour speed limit was imposed. | lll\l1l\\ a...
broken much ol the time. and thecyclist usually Won ottt against the police. llL‘t‘llllsL'llle
bicycle could easily outdistancc the policcman‘s horse. ‘l‘his led to thc iidycni ol
squadrons of bicycle policemen: torermutcrs of the patrol car.

Within the past two years. almost every state in the union has considered

age or travel.

 "this; is

these comforts of
ve outgrown their

such still

a plane is
blcl’cle to-

illy
llie bottoiii
mliiie camcup.
cles were even-

I heir inten-
and lttlgL‘\ll'L‘t.‘l-

\tllllL' \llll

ills

lnj urics caused by bicycle related accidents total an estimated 40.000 annually. \L‘lll-
/\|l estimated 43’, ol'all urban work trips by car coverdistanccs ol loiir inilcs oi lcss.
Within the last twelve years. some 20.000 miles of hikcways time been hiiili in the
ill \assau County.a six mile stretch of Wantaughl’arkway is closed to iiiiioiiiohilc

\cl with illl the enthusiasmdisplayed by cyclists. there are still not enough \tilt' mad.
bccngreuter than llllllll.tlL'.Il

Aside lroin theoh\iousecologicalaspects. the bicycle is very good lot-eyciiisc ll |\.|

When longer dis- ' .

    

 

  
   
   

.nttnln

llowever, some ltuatlons (llk

the lttillalocliaptei‘ol'the New York Public Interest Research (li'oul‘ l“ Human]
ducted a study ol'somc of the more commonly available bicyclcchainsand cables. It”
dillercnt chains and cables were selected and II sample of each was siibiecicil In 'U‘l-‘l'l
several Properties which contribute to anti-theft characteristics. these tests mum“le
the loree required to ctit the chain or cable. surface hardness and interim lt-I't"'""‘"l
the chains...

...A Widely-held fallacy which was uncovered by this study is the heliei lllltl t'dlllt‘hil“
more tlielt-prool' than chains. The stiles-clerks in nearly evvt'y MUN“ "‘"l’ “U WW
expressed the opinion that a cable would be a better security investment than a chat”)- '1
is true that cables are stronger than chains when subjected to teiisional “W”
llowever. W? lound that in cutting. a cable could be severed strand It)’ hl""”"' “ '"lc me
link oI a chain must be ctit all at once. Ilcsides the fact that the cables were iiioieuzI-tt'.“ i
cut than most of the chains. there Were some indications that It": (WWW “’"l'ugmmi

 "‘“kcs “mint! cilﬁicf by preventing the wire strands from separatiat' “"4 “"“mgl ‘

Since an average young. fit male cttn exert a force of about 40 lbs. on the hit iidles til it

 

 

 

 

 

 

5y " . y ‘ . ' 1 . . .

H w can yon. as an avid bike tourer.
from troublesome on-the-road mechani
5:50 gauged lit you're turned on by the idea or spending a Iot'ol‘ money. The fact is.

    
I I ' O . attention is paid to two important details: -
your condttlon. and the overall condition of the cycle.

Let‘s first consider the cycle. What sh
maximum in performance?
birst ol all. make sure the tires are intlatcd to their recommended air pressure. Un-
dcrintlated tires roll with more surface area contacting the road. resulting in extra
triction hence more‘cltort must be expended to move the cycle. If you have twenty:
seven inch clincher tires on your machine. it‘s wise to inflate them to about 75 pounds:
so it you re carrying aloud. Be careful not to overintlate this type of tire; too much
pressure can blow it all the rim.

Make sure your saddle and handlebars are adjusted to their proper heights. These
adjustments are cruetal for balance and pedalling efficiency. since a properly adittsted
saddle will permit maximum‘ leg extension in your pedalling stroke. ‘l‘here arcinanv
complicated formulas you can use to adjust the saddle. but the easiest and perhaps best
method is to set it at the height which allows your leg to healmost fully extended (with
the ball of your foot resting on the lower pedal). The handlebars should then be set so
that the top of the stem is level with the saddle. This will position you in the most cf-
licient riding position.

Next. strip every ttnncccssary piece of equipment off the cycle. this includes front
and rear chain guards. peddle reflectors. American l'lags.bc|ls:inshort. anything that
doesn't serve a useful pruposc. the idea here is simple but important: Weight reduc-
tion. Whether the saying is a trivial two oimecs or a whopping two pottnds. it‘s that
much less w eigltt you'll hmc to carry around. As any experienced cyclist can tell you.
two extra pounds carried mcr a I00-mile route can become mighty burdensome.

I‘inally. you should inyest in a good bicycle repair mantial. and consult it to make
those small oycrhauls and adjustments which. tt\t.‘l'£lll. make the difference between a
sntoothly running machine and one that‘s tiiilit lor the road. If you have any qualms
about making your own repairs. be heartened with the knowledge that bicycle
mechanics charge up to $9.00 an liotir. With practice. you can become your cycle‘s best
friend.

Once you haye your cycle in shape. what can you do to get yourself ready Ioran tip-
cotning tour"!

The most important detail to consider is clothing You should di‘csseonilortably and
seasonally. with special care to mold chilling. Also. it it‘s cold. use as many layers of
clothing as possible (i. c. instead ol one Many sweater wear two ortliree light ones). By
returning these layers one at a time as your body heat iiicrcaseslrom exertion. you can
ellectiycly rcgttlatc yotir tcmperatttrc atid prevent the lormation ot perspiration.

Next in importance is the food you take along. It should be high iit protein and
natural carbohydrates: dried fruit and granola are excellent choices. these nutrients
gi\ c longer lasting and more substantial energy than processed sugarand candy. which
should bcay'oided. Water should be carried in a lccdcr bottle mounted to the l'ramcot'
handlebars tor easy access.

l.ast bttt not least are eiict'gy‘~sayei s such as toe clips (which can increase pcdallingct-
liciency by'50’ i ). bicycle shoes (with cleats that lit itito the pedals to prevent loot slip-
page). and a luggage rack. lhc last is perhaps the most important ll you‘re carrying .
cantpcrgcai'. It enablcsyoti to take the load oll yourshouldersaiid ptit it on thccyclc.
I his pcrlorms two important lunctioiis: it lowers the cycle‘s CL'ItlL‘l'ttl gravity (tnaking it

less likely that you‘ll be blown met by a gttst ol wind) and saves yotti'strcngtlt (since
you don‘t lime to carry the load).

So. the next time you‘re planning a bicycle trip. keep tlicprecedingtips ill mind. [he
result will most likely be an easier and more enjoyable tour.

make your cycling more enjoyable and freer

ould be done before the start ofa tour to get the

71..

bolt cutter held l5" iit limit of him. this means that with a lo“ bolt cutter he could easily
sever any chain model It (ﬁlo. lhcrelorc. we recommend that all cables attd tlits one

A
SEPTEMBER 24, 1974

chain he used only in low—security situations. to thwart the casual bike llllcl. y

llte next best chains were the Master "75 and the President model lib-C these
chains would be impossible itll' most indi\idua|s to cut usinga Jo" bolt cutter. except
loi' instattccs where the callers can be arranged such that the person can lent: tnoslhol
his weight on the cutter ltandlc. I’oi' the most part. the data indicates the I’l'chldclll
chain to he the better ol the two. However. we hesitate to recommend the I tcsident
chain because its Iiiiks are simth bent into shapeaiul not welded shut. leavingop‘cin the
possibility that thc Cllltlll could be broken by prying open oneol the “[1th l thc e was
are suitable lor situations when requiring a moderate amount ol security. 1,94. d

lliosc chains receiving our highest recoinmemlation are the Master. chants u .yiy
the illlfl and the American Lock Company chitin. 'l heyarcaboutequal in ovum qua i-
ty. but the Master (th scents to be about the best buy. ' I t. I r rmcpwuhm

‘Ilie l'clcdync McKay chain also seems highly theft-resistant. l‘l on‘y. oH “.m [his
the diameter of its links is too large to fit theiaws ol most boll thttLIh- OWL - »

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

cal breakdowns? You could go out and buy a -

 
   
  
  

>>>>>>>>
>  > 7
.777

777 ' j“

7277-7.)

 

e “I; abo e) should be avoided. Above all remember that ate driving Is the key to joyous riding. [lave Fun!

cycle Chains And Cables

chain is iitipractical dttc to its great weight and short length. ' I

Since a chain is only as strong as its weakest link. one inttst not neglect the quality ol
the lock used to close the cliaiti. Some consumer oriented studies on pudlocks have
already been done. to play it safe. one should get a lock with a hardened shackle and a
Inc-pin tutnhlcr key-operated mechanism.

1 lie major considerations when buying a security device for a bicycle are the degree
ol security desired. the way in which the bicycle is to be locked and the convenience of
the security deyiee. Cables. especially the self-coiling variety. are light. compact and
\cry conyenicnt. btit provide little security. while the most secure chains tend to be
licaiy v and cumbersome. Usually. one must find a happy medium between convenience
and elteelheitcss. The ideal situation when locking a bike is to have the chain pass
through both wheels and the frame and around an immovable object. such asa lump-
post or a bicycle rack. This arrangement would call fora chitin about six leet long. but
ctttt be effectively duplicated by tising a shorter chain through the trout wheel and
frame and around the immovable object. plus a separate long-shackled lock through
the rear wheel and frame. ‘

PAGE 51’

  
   

 
   
  
 

  
     
    
     
        
         
          
        
       
        
     
        
     
   
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
          
     

In

   
 
   
        
   
       
     
 
        
 
       
      
   
      
  
   
  

