m mr‘m stems.
t! mm .4 '

 

,. 4
" Breaks They'Silence. -

by Myron E. Irath
Upon entering the gate of the
’trlace Theatre. Saturday night.
i ' ' " V ‘ i A ' g . » I “ . , ‘ each person received a stick of in-
thouaa'r'ids of tomb N as well as templéo ‘landfothti‘ , ' _ . senceandacard whtch said.“Nextto
’ thin. I; may short period chime (about silence that which comes nearest to
Certainly Cesnolo was no archaeologist—his .5 expressing the tnexpressiblc is
eihodsjwere appalling, grossly unscientiﬁc.  Mustc. lhtll message aptly conveys
and inaceti te. His significance is only'as a'eollector of . ‘ the tittttude held by the Mrrhavrshnu
mm." ‘ ' ‘_ -7 r r '  ' _ 0rchcstrtt.0necould not help butbe
it did contribute .to the preservation of much 3‘"ch hr the spirituality oI'Suurr~
valua ,l’e material and to its availability to the public in V,  ﬁltllf‘zlfirlguittclc.  the mtrste
museumsail over the. world. To Césnola‘s credit is the - .tn .tst. it was shit trrin-

 

to in _italy._the so f a count..Cesnota gained a
. ’ ghtingfor hiscotlntry. Hewssintibllnited
.St 1 -   * 2 trilrirtlv.
enlisted in. ew York cavalry. 'After .the'war.
_ President; in offered him. as a reward'for his '

 

military services. the post of ’ American Consul to‘
Cyprus. providing he became an American citizen.
Once in Cyprus. Cesnola became interested irt the
archaeology , of the .island‘. and began excavation at
various sites in cyprus. He has been greatly criticized for
" his rapaclty and his lack of scientific method. at a time
when archaeology was basically “tomb-robbing” and ex-
cavation was essentially a means of lindingart objectsto

WY'MSHW' 11! it
I‘TWINMLI
mouse ‘7‘

my AMONG
‘EIIIE THEM 1“ 9””

death in l904.

mm rum W l'

publication of his explo rations. with numerous drawings
of: objects found (for which he had genuine apprecia-
tion). as well as vivid accounts of his travels and life in
Cyprus and of his impressions of and dealing with the
people there. Most of Cesnola's collection was purchas-
ed by the Metropolitan Museum of Art.which madehim
Director. a position which he heldfor 25 years until his

East Asimilates West

by Howard Jacobs"

After having seen all of the God-
tilla movies from Japan on the late.
ate show} Tokyo Story Saturday
night at the PAC'was a change.
Filmed recently after World War ll.
the Americaniwtion of Japan was
obvious in many parts of Japanese
life. Filmed on location in Tokyo
and other parts of Japan there were
many contrast between traditional
and modern ways introduced after
the war. ranging from architecture to
social values.

The story centers around an old
couple which wants to see their
children. who are scattered
throughout the country. The parents
are in their late sixties and are from
traditional Japanese background.

--'- .‘o alo o'. n I I" n

 .-

'Wed.-

Papa’s Daily Specials-
 17 New Scotland Ave. '
Beer Blast 8 - 12

all you can drink $1.50
(sponsored by the nurses of AM.C.)
“2 for 1 Night”
double shot - single price
Thurs. - “Mug Night”
your mug - our beer 30b
or our large 10 oz. draft .- 25!.

When they go to see their children.
they find themselves lost in the
modern world. They feel out of
touch with their children and even
their grandchildren. They are seen
by their children as being in the way
in the world of business and active
social lives. Puzzled and rejected.
they return home. The mother
becomes sick and is on herdeath bed
.tiﬂefb'rc the children come‘to see her.

After the mother‘s death is the
most dramatic part of the movie.
The children realize how they mis-
treated their parents'. but soon after
the funeral they prepare to return to
their busy lives and leave the father
alone. There is one scene where two
of the daughters argue overwho gets

1. .. .'. .r. .I. .1. .1. .. .r. .i-".1- .1. .r. .r. 4.113115

- -<- .1. ..- .v- .m-

--J

i-IﬂlI-Il-l-H-as-all-

 

some of their mother's belongirtgs.
The film is effective in showing how
the modem society was partially
responsible for the drifting apart of
the family. 1,

It is in the funeral scene that the
viewer gets- the best look at
traditional Japan. It takes place in a
temple. Some of the people were
dressed in old style clothing. and the
music was in the pentatonic mode
that is native to the Far East. One of
the most noticeable things to the
American viewer is the constant
bowing.

The movie was in Japanese and
subtitled in English. Watching a
movie with subtitles always maketr it
lose something since it is harder to
concentrate on the settings.

Ahirzhrnuyer

This is an example oi the sculpture from the Cesnola collection
in the SUNYA Art Gallery. It will be there until November 17.

Nine Critics Killed '
'By Crazed Thespian

Theater of Blood is coming!

If you're not impressed. I'm not surprised. if you haven‘t heard ol the film,
I‘m even less surprised. Well. for those ofyou not in thethe know. 'l‘lrt-utt-rol'
Blood was one of the better films of I973. Why then. you might ask. have I
not heard of it?

It is a sad fact that in this world the intelligent. witty. lovingly mtrde films
are oh times bu mpcd for a ten million dollar piece of fluff. In a nutshell. that‘s
what happened to 'I'healer uj'lllnutl. ,

Tht'aler of Blood is a horror film. However. it is also a loving prtrody ol trll

'horror films. a satiric jab at theatre critics and rtn affectionate crack at the
- inure bloot . trspcctsof'Shakespcure. At thetimc of its release. the drstrtbutor

(United Artists. never one for the more subtle in cinema) simply didn‘t know
what to do with it. They opened the film. but never gave it a chance to develop
its own. special audience.

The film is about tunad actor played by one other than Vincent Price. He is
sincere. but not all that good and its a result he is always being panned by the
snobish members of The Critic's Circle. Said members tttke greatjoy in mak-
ing fun of him at every opportunity and telling their retrdersjust Wllltl a crum-
by actor they think he is.

Finally. he can take it no morctrnd commits suicide. And then. one by one.
the members of the Critic's Circle start dicing in scenes from Shakespeare

V plays.

It‘s the thinking man's ltorror film in which the chills are linked with adis-
turbing humor.

 

pat!an

uorreraosse tuopn 15 no

Thurs Oct 24 to Sat Oct 26
Open dress rehearsal Wed‘. Oct. 23

Arena Theatre Performing Arts Center,

Free tickota may be reoerved by calling box office

The Country 

by Clifford Odeto
. Directed by Eric Poppick

8:30 PM

457-8606

 

Under the spotlight: Mahavlshnu John McLaughlin with his familiar double-neck guitar.

Record Review

To Hades With Styx

by (iuy I-‘ranke

Like the masters of every art form.
the greats of the rock music world
have numerous imitators. hoping to
make names for themselves by riding
the tide of popularity started by
others. A new group. Styx. nttmcd
alter the river that flows through

llttdes. subscribes to this policy of

imitation. They have taken for their
inspirations sortie of the best and
worst examples of rock music.

lltc music of Siyx‘s ulburrr. llmt u/
l/lI'rIt/t'.\. can be diridctl into two
tltstrtrct groups. ’l be less itrrpr'csstre
oi the two groups are the songs
wrrttctr by .Iamcs Young and John
('trrttlcwski. both of whom pltty
guilttr and sing. I'hc titlcs of tlrcrt
songs. Ir'm‘lr rllul llull I’vt'lt/tg.
llar'in' a Bull. and .4 Matt Him .l/(‘
are indicative ol their style.
tccnyhopper. l'hcrnusic I‘Clilllltistlllc
ol the worst of 'l lrrcc Dog Night or
(irrurtl l-‘unk. filled with loud.
scratching guitars and rrrrdisciplrnctl
\octtls. lint the most troticcrrblc
aspect ol the songs tilt the lylicx
whtclr hit great heights of
foolishness. It seems that t'\t:l) lttrc
ol these songs could he rcpltrccd w ttlr
"(lb littii)‘. baby will you lore rrrc."
illltl there would be no trltctttrg of
their cllect. llrc writers btrre orrl_\
sc\ on their minds and treat it met
illitl over again lit the
monotonous manner.

Young and Ctrrulewski redeem
themselves to some extent with thcrt'

1m:

sillllL'

 

Tuesday, Oct 22
lC-18 7:30 pm
$1.00 with tax card

fourth cut. Strut/tern Ii’umait.
Although the words do not chttngc.
the music has it driving vitality ilh-
sent in the others. as wellttsrr gutsy.
earthy \rot'tll performance which
gives the song some nrctrsurc ol‘ dis-
llnCllttll.

llrc second illltl better group of
songs are llitisc by Dennis l)c\’oung.
who sings and pltrys the piano turd
«\Rl’ \)tllliC\l/ct‘. llc lrtrs set it higher
\lillltlilltl ol Itllllillltill lor lrimscll.
pnticttrtrrg ll|\ rrnrsrc :tlter that ol'
ltnetxon. MM and I’nlrrrcr. llis
rrrmr tll\l|llt‘ll\t‘ sttltg. ('IIrtrm/z/it'r.
l/I. (/tttr/u/t/u-i. 15 it hcturtiltrlly
concreth \isttttt oi religions dis-
trppotrrltncut, llts purntr. solt illltl
lyrical. lends the llhlL‘litJI through the
emotion IiIlctl opening \lt'nlllh. und
tlrepowerlnl Iclrzttn thc‘illllIllliIlltill
ol tlttrurg ylttlilh. percussion turd
L'lct‘llrtlttt's. wttlr |)c\ oung‘s trble
\tlt.|l\ adding to tlrc lrtrnnttng effect
ol the song. \tlllt'li lllc \ttlilt' can he
\illtl tillll‘l‘r I .\r lllf /tII \t/.tntnt'.wtth
\llCt'lill t‘lillillrhh ||ll tlrc llt‘lt'l|\\lrtil
pclltrl lllilllt't' ol ltrlrtr l‘nrrtr/lc wlttt'lt
lN tr'lttlittstr'tll rIl lllc ilttrsl lirspltt'tl
IllrIIItL‘lll\ of t .Itl |'.rlnrct l)t-\ ortng
i\ tlrc ttrmi rltttllllplhllk'll itll|\it'|.’lll ttt
Ilrcgrtnrp Ilr‘x lt.|lllt'tl hrs L'|.ill wcll
.rntl tl|\[‘l.l\l\ lil\ .llillll\ on tho hcsi
t'li|\ ol tlrr- .lll‘lllll. his own.

lllL'lL’t‘itltlt'lltl\rlll1|‘rl|.|llpC|lt|lt'.
llit'llllc song \Ith H/ llt/‘m ll'\. it run
|t|l|tl cllott h) \oturg .llltl |)c\outrg
(llltl \llti\\\ tlrc tillll'lt‘llt't'\ thwccn
llrc two llrc rlrctrrctrl llrc l_\llL'\ ihlll'

OR

the: next

tcrestiug:

lie was it tntrtr ol ntit‘ttclcs

Riding golden mctcoritcs

Ruler ol distant gttlttxics

llorrr oi the trortlrern lights.
However. the music is stodgy and
uninspired. l'his song is indictttiveol
Styx overall: hrill'trdmirublc. htrlf not
worth the pctrolctrtrr it took to make
the record.

quil. When it was soft and slow it was
somehow full of energy. Each of the
tetr performers was highly compe-
tent. l'lre rvlrole orchestra playing
together produced a beautiful. well
blended sound.
New Band

the membership of the orchestral
is Iairly new. and tlrisgrottp hits been
playing together for at lctrst its long
as the album Ii]iltt'd[i'/).\'t‘ has been
ctrt. the lead guitarist is
Mtrhrtr'ishtnt .lolrn McLaughlin.
Mttbuvishnu is known widely as one
of the greatest. if not one ol the
fastest guitarists around. Atrotlrcr
lcntttrcd soloist is electric hut'itonc
\iolinist .letm-l.trc l’onty. l’outy
previously appeared on variousth
and rock albums. Utiliying about six
Iool pedals. l’only wtrstrble to get his
violin to sound like a syntlrcsizcr.
producing just about any kind of
sound imaginable.

At one point in the concert.

. Mahavishnu. who had just finisheda

solo put down hisguitarand stepped
aside playing a cowbell.yielding the
surge to I’onty. who gave quite a
demonstration ofhis own speed. At
the end of l’only's solo. Mahavishnu
picked up his guitar again and began
Wltitl seemed to be a musical duel
with l’onty. Alternating melodies
and so forth. they began to play
lllSlL’l‘ and faster until they werejoin-
ed by the rest of" the orchestra. Dur-
itrg the concert which lasted around .
2% hours without any intermission.
there were quite tl few good jams like
this. Solos by other members of the
group were quite good including a
percussion solo by Michael Walden
ttrrd :r \‘ttcill solo by keyboardist
(ittyle Mot'trn itr it song called “Smile
ot the licyond.“
llre Multan ishtru Orchestra tsum-

qrre itr both wlurt they play and how
the) plrry it. In addition to the slun-
titlid rock instrumentation there is it
string quartet (2 violins. Viola and
ccllo) which uddsdepthtutd plctrstrtrt
color to the otct'ull sound.
Mttlrttrishnu concerts iruditiorfnlly
hcgitr with it moment of silence only
to be broken by crushes ol‘cytnbtrls
turd gongs. the pieces they pltry lust
ltIl' (I long time yet rarely seem to
drug on. Most impressire. however
ts the tightness of the entire group
and the solos by Mtthttrislrtrtt and
l'orrt_r which tll't.‘ so good that words
cannot express; .-.

Nelson Avidon. as the actor Frank Etgin. tries to convince his wife. played by Shelley Sternbaeh.
that his fears concerning the impending opening of his show have some validity. The scene is from
Cltiiord Odets‘ "The Country Girl" which will be presented Thurs. Oct. 24-Sat. Oct. 25 in the Arena
Theatre of the SUNVA Performing Arts Centre.

The alternative filmic .
in coniunction with the Department of Clossrcs

presents: Jean Cocteau’s

HEUS

'I'lrrs Myllr depicts the love ol the Poet ‘
Dipllulis lot the Princess Enridice, who
travels constantly between this world and

{Check

lundcd by student ussocruuon

 

Friday’s‘ASP
for details)

Fridays 003-25: Vincent Price and W
Saturday. Oct. 26: lngmar Bergman and

 

ticketa available one hour before performance

 

Pizza a; Subs served dolly

. .. .'n .'is a“: Ila -'- g‘. .f. -. .‘n'l r"o'-'-Ht u'. no to I. n I “H”.
. , r . .. . n r u... .. nu nun-"nun"...

 

 

PAGE TWELVE OCTOBER 22, 1974 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS pAGE THIRTEEN

ALBANY s'rtiosu'r Passe. OCTOBER 22 1974

 

