 
    
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 

    
        
       
     
    
     
  
  

   
 
    
   
 
 
        
       
     
     
         
          
         
      
       
       
         
     
       
       
       
            
      
      
 
     
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
    
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
    
   
 

   
    
  
 
  
 
 

 

 anoint awe mac 
sebum my was some ans
~mng Wsdoﬁkohertﬂkmtlldy
.zcombined with this :donbtssabout
~Whﬂl .acmallytbappenetl gnaw: "ted
LC‘tmmcit :thczirnpetus :tormeestjgatc
1bc.assassination.
This :dgstt‘c was ato .mnsumc :thc
:next fivevyears ohhis.litc.zttcovmt

inmrnswiltb: chosen on thzi‘bttsh' o! t ‘ r
v ltl‘mect.d:ntlltnc;=..ttnti.tmcrcst, 'l ncy~wrll~ne e.»

lth‘. :m Albatth .nntl.urtungtz.ucodcnuu
mpu:..~z“.$25ti an 1....

"l:hc?bitudent Association ot’thuEhmt': University of
htow‘Yorkjsoponsoriagarrtmcrmiupprogrnminﬂom»
‘murucanons :and Media for ‘lht‘ coming :acaoetnu
semesmrrfSA'Sl i .rsa-worlnng-eoutition on? SUN't' ‘sttt-
.dcnt governments: :wlucujdvomxcs the ﬁghts.“ >
tercsis of: studentsanum1ntatnsin-~Albanv.a full-um:

mutton.» ofbu..;. i-o' ' ‘ I
.mmnus newspapt'r editor or imwwrrccml

Legislativelobbying Slﬂfl..LI.L01t1mu

‘bludentht-rvjccs,ufit::..anti.au Ofﬁce. of inim'rnzttion

and Research.
Armaximu‘rn of tour intern;

related issueswiticltdevelp orrthe quislnturcs
dmtntstmuou..anti on SUNltzum'touxec. hams
.rparucumr areaanduwiilhetp rt:

.Lcntralvt
'tntcrit.will~beasstgnCti
product
release;

"l n: program otters St
working ttlstgni ll'llt puhir: .nlturr
'\\'flllt'_t'cl.nn0' production
ucrpamsan understnntitngm'tnc
higher education culture.

(fumJ‘mwim n our-«rumor-

l
i

We

'\



metal: TWLJ

owilt report on student

.Lnnonthlv newslettc: . .1 press 3mm; . and‘prcs;

 mannlyiaeen m-
i :t‘nmcri‘ttesarerae | ‘ _
i Polishtvtoimtst‘MrcnallJmamaa


x m

‘ftrenniythtngthe
l Urbaniak tsaynungmus

Monomer
I ,,l I"

:thonnands omnilcsandzhnndmds‘ol
.imcrviewa The unrestignu'ou mas
wphysicaltx and 'iiaancutily :es—
‘huustiag~out~htspcrscrvmncepaiu
oft. Cnmchtbasuocoveredashocfw

.abiln

din-v 'ocno

. d reu

mzsum

"occtetl in ‘
thtn a taculttrraembcr on 1th rhome ca

1 nedeadhnc torrccctpt otappitcuuons l.

[00 hlmu'btrect. Album. H‘.

[1sz AmulJucoulotnincr of'i ouluus;. 'rrnnc. . na
newworld‘ptoesstnoittng record by nutitngawzi‘; 01

rationale

mandhmutingiofzevldenecanndt e

commotionm dusk“

mystehiiarrista.

aphotqgntphs.

;utllltt:nc1' to 1d

millincip tirdctruv itvtnp expense
mot: ‘tntormanon smoan

hunt». Lomtnuntcauon: Lnrccto;

‘ I. a I )L“ - - I. .

uucmhm‘   Imps continuuusr‘ to lo nout. . 3.. nnnutc 'ill‘. 4‘ :it Mo to! lcuclulltlt.h\\.'ltlfll' l  Jilin)“ 

tecnruquc...'lt«willataxwwcum second: A no morncn. is crying play I  I x.-.“  rm

' ' 1 Hr surnassct: tn- prt-vtou warm 0 l» mom. 2‘ .\ u .lutl"delll1$ l. IVlL. r..r.c.. n u. ct..- .

mmnmcnwmﬁnm ‘J" 'I- u demandto'ouuv.‘scortugtsvstcmtortnr “lithium. r-
mmum‘ an” M hymn . tttl. . :‘ISCllC":£C|'ll.l tctcgzam tom-1 tcucrattot: ;ttcuo..u.:
S:t\'tlt:' tn. ucmattu wcr- “noiwncuonzntz‘ an. r .
"“""“"" "\‘vr tltl\‘l$t.‘t run Inc its lldt tint: Arm {4 nun

udmnpruiioméfzcmmhﬁ

{litre—.mtdmofahis mechanisms»
cplosivc _:pieee Mil automatic grout-
ignition]ldtIthisﬁlnt’f‘ﬁhLWc-wmlbuu.
Gﬁhna'nh :rnakesnthc {Sinlﬂﬂmﬂ
cthcbhiilletsziromzthcggunﬁl I
SSixilattidldtnotthilliltobcrtéltennedy
itbutcthat tanotbcr gum Cilimtl ..t
mddst26t.the-leanuntl trenzyi'did. he
Tdantsool :1hciftlm tare .suppottedsby
idmdiggbbttllisticeeitpem .Ltmotnuys.
,' 5151M) r cc I: s.
:eveawitnesses. idoctrments .a nd mmmunmmad

CGhttmch :neithcr “10911825 aunyonc
1nor ICX‘CUSCE- .anyoac. §~Hc1putrs .thc
.audiencc.m .thczjurytbox.‘:lrtelt_ght ol
the evidence ’rprescntctl and their
:prtol .itnowledgt' 'u i~- .up'to
euidc Jw'ncthct' .Strhnu

Strhnr Lilleo éltobcn themed} or
wnctue ' u was a Second Lruu

 

.wrmng ahlint 

tlJeccmoc L-
snuuhl contuc; tour
0' \K'rtlt'. Ar
iii/ESL tu..
i230] fl‘lb'rllﬁ’mMIM n. tum;

 
  
 
 
   

  
 
    

VWF,WHEhcmt-atﬂitlatus sumo-edit ' mmnrem o‘ Joust.
“mm idtslldcmb'iﬁWthCtll‘lnuuncﬂmefll:dll‘dwelllhllﬂtﬂnfolit‘ltiggrcctttcn‘ n g
‘ hn“ :morc’stgetnigrnte'fmmaheﬁovictibmonulaudtqgletuialtochvnu nay-no"
~.bﬁggxﬁﬁvﬂtawaitoﬂéltepuhlinunmctlonwtdtuuuand .t ital! :hutl’Jd‘
mirthustnhchurnedEeiiientistﬁlexttttdeﬁdeernem'nlt loot Moscow . um: . .v.
invade-Misttaleadersanustofwrhonrhavexbeerudemedzpmntssroat Lil 5:: iv -»_,,.
1622;15:1d0ldiuuclﬁlg)’ .thatrall'the telephone jitter beet winter: 1... mm... .H
svtiﬂrthe‘MLestjiarczbeer12cut.smcc hen ilctrt‘ A 4.x. .1
cedzonftitct. t8;.thatthcﬁovrctagovmnnent new llt‘rtﬁl),
.toobtatrtuuucconcession. rim t m I)...

  

m
It

n :;tltc

 

;.D.‘4Waah..tannoun _
: .:it:...Jewish:immigrationzpohcy
ttlctl'ﬁtnlcﬁ .Col'tgress.
The Jews tttld-iﬂucklcy
were shut of ltperiodtcall) .t‘nut
m" .huvubeenshut off. thuvsuid

 

that for tbcrpastthrec vcarv sons: 0- or: I... W
several-wereusualwlcttope; :su': .. . 

'rrrf!!!‘ .KUW {Altruiujrmmtuvxuwctl bx'WDt'lti 'r‘omt '. ttrtzr'ttsa- " . .v . ,

nunoz‘meat-through.unproduumgcuumricrpronoec 10‘ t... .. .r . M. I]
. moo in develop lootltpruoucuon n; neeajv nation

'l n-: on cuuntncuautic r‘nc'alau contingcm on turnout;
and tncv set nomonev targets let no: mo

 

 

uustrmhzcu countrie.. ' I
'tlttlnl fund. CUDlCl’CDCL' sources said

lib spottesmuu :iz'dwru Marta: tcrmcl: tn: DTUDllhi.e m1:
added that Washington would nav: ll 0 consuttc. outta: rt ‘_; 
“Cd” .dctcgauou mudlan‘. commitment
Lnntcd btatcsnassrrougtvtnsrstco a; tnz.
With their vas. tttlt' on income. ucccr . 311.

 

contctcut ‘lit. 'Tt: ':

ou‘prouuccr.
tccdun.‘ tn" worlt.

Lontcrcncc otttnncr. said me 0131' wa. .. mare litCt!
tone-tern: gouttot the. contcrcnc: Ututcr l‘taunn. man
tutu investments in nooccountrres must 0-:

 
 

 

U'lDlCLi Zl' (iilill

AMSTERDAM hctncrtuntt‘t (Apt-“baht?” Piccnc ’
omnut: cctwccn In: Anxcrrcartart.l :i:
. tn: orestucn 0 u:

to .t Russian it to:
“cocratmt tsn SCLllCL 0‘» Apr)
l1. Ma: huw~- sort. it. at. lntL‘l‘VX‘JV Joanna n--u1.

 

 

.-‘.lttt‘t‘lt.’ltlt 0" my “0le times; 11': uElCC’.‘ i 1” (10mm! 1' till-1f ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
     

l

foo‘ﬁoddCallgll i: "a w'nm
lpnolisat‘rmrsounuaozmg
; utsmgtnmugntne room

in  REEVES Mot. mm: .urcno‘ WEI“

 mandarin tram
moment/exhausted uni

   
  
   
    
 
   
 

.mguemsnunu .zeXDlDTlltg

 

tflESCDut'ltryBis‘ﬂDmm.ED.UIEll’£aCl}‘ »
kingtrteirbrainstonescrmtnem usuz n:

 
 

{ vert‘rtelm_z:'itngirng‘ ant-

-- Eating."
ammsuggesmc . ‘ '  us

must: 2:; amonvernat dii‘

.ptacesw‘tmm wo rm. nt=

I longera museiu i a n citric

rs: gu trier: tn

  

~ - r instrum'
nritmsxzanagaeeanour tst’na: lVltCt’tai
cal-giant

BnTthnthiattecnrdse.

.‘A‘LBKN‘Y ﬁTlIDEN’I‘ "HESS

I I!   .s'itlL. .
' \‘aytsllttH‘ft'llh “or. "none. Mm. ‘~\vn;:‘r " ' ‘ -‘ .

 

anncatct run trvrtzcottstuc m oosnmt r: to: 12-1..
worlt bu st ta'tne wot'lt nonuniform no reattc. '. .. ~» 5

 
 

LlCLZliH‘Cl: “Kill” Till}: .I tlilllOnWlll‘.‘ L‘tlﬂl Sll'll’LL . .tlllntlllln .. L.

oca. wrl com unu. m 120.000 mcmncr wn . ace-C1: : " . ;;
Miltc tote. new. contcrertc: tn: UAW» mun: “ecrr :' ' .» - (

ectttcntcn: u: llItl'.‘ tt:ft\'Ott. .r SINK; on: salt? in. tumour -

nit atrcnucn. 
‘7“ I10“ con mutcr “XIV: nee) ilerL‘i it {Skill it it‘. . . . i a

con. mount!“ seem a uﬂltffﬁlﬁltt'~~. striKv.‘ n: sat.
1munioncrumsaronrogresu.ncmg mum: n: rm 1:. :- .1: .

tult; \voutt coutmu; no to: “an nronrcmmna’rmut'

 

Iuc- rcmatr uttaotycr.‘

closet to In: Veteran I)»

no out it r'conct umi tn: l':\‘\‘ .mnrm'e ; tr'-\
intros u tin on: l'n\l\“ \iD "reatrlcn Mrs; l

lt..:r

"Y. t .
l.lll.\" \vtuct t\llltl:£l.'ll..’l 1;.” ...n “locum \-
\\'t,'t‘.1‘. .ttlt rtt‘rtttln l|lll§1t‘:

'lm l». wee. loops that earns forecast

(nmtu t .‘ ~31:

 

\'.-.‘..-"llth'}"‘tlt~ m".
canuntat: it near lllt i‘tlflt't'lt liter.m '\Lllllilltﬁli'ltlrl\l. "

‘\lttll'."\

ut‘\ tl.t‘ on“. :u. informer mum: ltCt“. stilt Murat.-
"remtcn' l'ort‘: hrttlnttnotntcu‘ in: I‘lltmt n. woul- '-
limit to. i7i r. What; iionares return tron races
lm in. .mttrmntu' uonnnnnot wzr arr-em
t‘t’mxottm source t‘Lirtttrtu. htztxtttx: tl tttt't’ttltsilt. u

  

t. thvnntilltoi ktlhxttf ti». lill‘K2"'hltlltllll; \':~:.r..x 2
In lrnuspor (4.. murmur iv to: Hzrtcra Martttm -t-‘-
tumor wa atlmttnstt'nto.

“WWW” ilivcclllttltn: st. moultv Lili‘ n . ml :1 'rrru-i
mm

\‘utrilllNii'l'lM l‘tl‘t Vutlt’tiléll-
l llll'tht'l l'resatcn: litrlttnr: N. Noon on. till
ll‘lllpt‘ltttt Intro.“ rtllt:ml~ ll (.ltlHlliﬁi tn; Hi: to rt-u t: .
In: orcul >ttr ill i‘lcnutnt'nlt. Nuluttut t'ittmmtttm ht‘ntttmn

printinttlttt 7:.. '
‘totcr triu. .

 

t ‘~- tum ‘. from. A Vv'tlllf‘l‘x dcpnh ittt'rzftltt‘ o' to
h” Hi ""l“? =it‘llltt' buntl o' tlu lilll testtlm .t
“‘"Wm‘i (“WNW trio; It: what: It tupt lvll‘ pluvru‘ a
W H" mom lint! lt'- ht' ttrrtuplts undo: motto.

r t

k

NOVEMBER _ . .r.

 

         
    

by Peter‘l-‘etfer '
tn l939, James ' Lee' Morgan
entered Hobart College in Geneva,
New York. as a freshman. He was
studying to be a priest. This
December, I974, he will graduate
with sequences in Economics, Art,
.Sociology. and Foreign Language.
What happened in the interim?

“In my junior year. lwas drafted
.into the Army. I served four years
and two months. I regretted leaving
Hobart because I was doing well in
my studiesand I wanted to finish and
get my degree,‘.I Morgan explains.
“But at war‘s end. ldid not have the
money to go back to school. so I got
a job as an electrician."

Morgan worked his way up as a
Union Electrician until I954 when he
purchased the company he worked
for. the W.W. Gettys Electrical
Company which operates in the
Plattsburg area. He headed this
company until recently. With his
earnings as a contractor. Morgan
built a drive-in Movie theatre. a
trailer park. and some real estate
dcvclopmcnts. He also served on his
load school board foradozcn years.
was an adult education Art teacher
for a decade. and taught in his un-
ion‘s Apprentice Training School for
three years.

Morgan is proud to be a union
member and is still very active on
many levels. He notes. however. “As
a contractor. l was an employer
negotiating with the same men who
were my union brothers.“ He said
that lie was quite sympathetic to his
employees‘ needs. For instance. be
extended hospital coverage to his
Workers before the local union did.

Yet he often dreamed ofacquiring
his academic degree. When the New
York State Continuing Education

system started in I969. the path to
obtaining a cotlegediploma lay open
to him. This body accepted all his
Hobart credits. He has taken 14
courses in the past five years. At pre-
sent. he is taking two courses at
Albany State. They are the History
of the American Labor Movement
and Comparative International
Labor Relations both taught by Dr.
Slocum.

He is excited about his upcoming
graduation. He has eagerly paid his
$l0 Commencement Fee and his
family is sharing in his merriment.
He and his wife have invited all thir-
teen of his children to attend his
graduation. Six are already college
graduates. Six more are still in
school. while one is in the Army.

Although a devout Christian at
Hobart. he and his Bishop decided
that priesthood wasnot going to bea
part of his future. He had opposed
the collection of money in Church
while he wasconducting Sunday ser-
vices. He said. “I am against
hypocrisy in the organizations fron-
ting Christianity. especially in the
Church itself.“

Morgan in his college youth was
Veryactivc politically. H isviewsthen
leaned strongly to the Left. He sawa
strong connection between the
classless society and the
Brotherhood ofChristianity. He has
modified his views since then.

“At one point." Morgan recounts.
"I wusaskcd to leave Hobart because
of my involvement in a poster
program protesting the firing of a
Professor. l was later rcprieved
though by the Administration which
reconsidered and felt that their
original request was far too harsh a
penalty for my involvement in the
campaign as lonlvdrcw pictures for

overall then was a liberal collegeand
it gave me a'close understanding of
co-operation’ that [would later use in
Management '
negotiations."

Morgan. 54. is in good health and
optimistic about his future. He has
the intellectual and economic incen-
tive to continue his studies in
Economics and Management on the
graduate level. He may work
overseas. He says. “I hope to work
actively in construction the next six-
teen years. and then I‘m going to pai-
nt twenty years after that.“ His
ancestors have had considentble
longevity and he intends to match
them.

Morgan runs three miles every
other day. has been skiing actively
since I947. golfs in the 90's. and
plays a nifty game oftennis. He ex-
plains his continual athletic.
vocational and academic intercstsin
his philosophy of life.

Maintaining Fitness

"I believe the body atrophics from
lack of use. People become older
faster from not maintaining their
muscle tone. Pcopleatrophy mcntul-
ly too when they lose their in-

and. Labor

they complete their formal educa-
tion.“ v _
“People get into their own world.

' occupy their own little nicheend do. _

not see beyond IIIII. they ca't‘t't see
new ideas and new people ahead of
them.»lt is easier for them to be reac-
tionary. critical of the innovators

construction. “Construction is never
boring. One never approadiei the
same problem in the some my. You
get immediatereturm on your Ic-
complishmentl. You are abletouea
project develop from the raw
material stage to a living entity

within two or three yum. Thil‘

‘and

 

and liberals. because the ' -
and liberals have the opportunity to
fail. And most people are

traumatically afraid of failure. Thus
I feel people are content to stand pat
rather than risk to advance."
Advice to Students

He advises students today to con-
stantly strive to improve the mind
and body. He sees those who do as
not only benefitting themselves. but
also helping mankind. He
recommends that more people con-
sider craft-oriented careers if they
possess the requisite mechanical
skills along with an adroit mind. To
further the training ofcruftsmen. he
has been urging the- International
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers
to found its OWn system of Univer-
sities which would be partly
vocational and partly academic.

After forty ycarsot‘labor. Morgan

innovation to solve both technical
and practical problems. Construc-
tion is ‘0‘"de work. thus it keeps
one physically active. It is always
changing and requires keeping up on
new trends. especially electricity."
Comparing the two distinct
phases of his academic career.
Morgan feels there was more in-
sistence to develop and compose
written thoughts in essay form in the
thirties and prefers this method to

the prevalent Multiple Choice Tests '

today. which he ﬁnds limits'the im-
agination and constructive thinking
of the test taker. He admires the
openness in social rclationstoday in
college. and applauds the tearing
down of the double standard. the
drift toward less status symbols. and
the greater respect for personal and
intellectual integrity.

Corporations Rule Regulatory Agencies

(ZNS) A study made by the Wall
Street Journal has found that most
of the governmental regulatory
agencies in Washington are actually
controlled or manipulated by the
corporations they arcsupposcd to he
regulating.

According to tltc Journal.
regulatory agencies such as the
Federal Power Commission. the
Civil Aeronautics Hoard. the
Federal Maritime Commission. the

Victorious Democrats Must Handle Inﬂation

(AP) Democrats have amassed a political weaponry for
their 1976 White House Challenge. but have also in-
curred the burden ol‘dcaling with the nation’s cconontic

ll l’ltc some off-year election victories that tightened
their grip on Congress and the nation's biggest states
confronted Democrats with a situation in which they
must now produce on the pivotal issues ol‘inflation and

recession.

Otherwise. they face a 1976 presidential race against a
President Ford sounding the "do-nothing Congress'.‘
theme that carried President l'lurryS. 'l ruman to victory

in I948.

From National Chairman Robert S.Struuss down.
Democratic leaders declared that 'l‘ucsday'smundutc

take the lead.

Democrats a chance to show what
produce. “‘l'ltc ball is in their court." said House
Republican Leader John J. Rhodes.

The burden of producing may fall most ltcavily on the
heretofore disorganized
aggressive liberals wilhinthe party's caucus seeking to

or if wthey could

House Democrats with

Rep. Phillip Burton of California. alt outspoken

liberal. is already running for the post of caucus chair-

man with un avowed goal of welding the party into a
more organized force.
Whatever degrees ofsucccss hcuchicvcs. however. few

expect the House. despite the Democratic two-thirds

majority. to become the “veto-proof“ body against
which Ford had campaigned.

providcsan opportunityfornationallettdcrsbipinkey In fact. the Senate. with a somewhat smaller

areas. primarily in dealing with the country's economic

L‘l'l

 

 

Sen. George McGovern. the

lhe opportunity begins tonight." Strauss told
celebrating Democrats at party headquarters.
Democrats Put To The Test

I972 Democratic
presidential candidate. and Sen. Walter F. Mondale.
who hopes to be the next standard-bearer. warned of a
I‘l7b backlash if Democrats failed to produce.

Sonic Republicans scented inclined to give the

 

 

mon dot

 

9 am - 9 pm
482-l425

wan rmnrmtmm
' Pine Hills
Wine & Liquor Store, Inc.

870 Madison Ave
(just above Criteria St.)

gift wrapping
chilled wines
free delivery

 

 

We“ '

Democratic percentage. may pose an even greater threat
to the President since about I0 Republican liberals
generally support the Democrats.

The problems faced by Democrats. with their new
riches. are more than matched by those of President
Ford. He heads into tltc final two years of his presidential
term with the weakest Republican party in a decade.

I'loth orgunimtionally and ideologically. l'ttl‘tl faces
difficulties in gearing up for n I976 presidential race his
aides still see as possible.

Securities and Exchange Commis-
sion. and the Interstate Commerce
Commission maintain what the
Journal calls “a cozy relationship"
with the companies they allegedly
oversee.
Dubious Activities

The Journal study found that a
high percentage of the com-
missioners appointed to the
regulating agencies come directly
from the corporations bcing

 in on Ecuador Coup‘ "

regulated.

The study also found that
numerous commissioners haVc been
accepting gifts and paid junkcts
provided them by the industriesthey
regulate. In addition. says the Jour-
nal. many commissioners use their
agency appointments as "stepping-
stoncs“ , that is. retiring from the
commission to accept highly-paid
jobs with the same corporationsthcy

were ortcc regulating. t

(ZNS) Former C.l.A. agent Philip Agcc has charged that the Central ln-
telligcncc Agency was deeply involved in the overthrow of two reformist
governments in Ecuador in the early l960‘s.

Agce. who is now living in England and writing a book on his C.l.A. ac-
tivities. spells out thcagcncy‘s alleged involvement in Ecuador in an interview

in the current Rolling Stone.

Agec states that he was assigned as a “case officer" for the C.l.A. in‘
Ecuador in I960. and operated on a 5500.000 (dollar) budget which was used
to manipulate political events in that country.

Secret Destabillzing Programs
He states that the C.l.A. decidcd to created political dcsturbunccs in

 

Iic
because of their pro-Cuba leanings.

'rdor against two reformist Presidents rVelasco and Aroscmcnaﬁ

Agec reports that covert "destabilizing" programs were carricd out by the
C.l.A. with the ltclp of several high-placed Ecuadorian officials who were on
the C.l.A. payroll. Among those on the payroll. says Agcc. was a member of
the Ecuadoran legislature who later became Ecuador‘s Vice President.

Forged Documents Used

The tumor C.l.A. spy says that one method used to discredit ties with
Cuba was to plant a forged document on a leading radical organizer. Agec
states that when the organizer visited Cuba. u tube oftoothpastc. containing
at forged document detailing Cuban plans to overthrow the government of
Ecuador. was placed in tire man‘s bag.

The toothpaste tube was discovered and opened. the man arrested and a
few months later Ecuador broke off relations with the Castro government

 

‘¥§‘¥IC¥I¥§¥I‘C¥“‘¥I

 

l¥#¥‘¥¥¥¥tll!»/¥ll-!l¥!.§!¥'.lt
THE TAVERN R001“
l228 Western Avenue
(between Silo Rest. & Travel Lodge)
482-9671
folk music every saturday

Sat.. Nov. to: John Simpson will be back
tconn- curly. limited to I20 people)
WIN (wet inflation now) HOUR
Mon - Fri 5 - 9:30 pm
if .25 mugs
$ .65 drinks
$1.75 pitchers

J.‘ll'¥¥$¥¥¥¥ll¥¥§l

 

 

 

NOVEMBER 12, 1974

DCI¥‘UU¥UI!¥¥‘§§¥¥U¥UIU$U¥§¥

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Drive Our Cars
Free To Florida.
Colifomlo and all
cities In the USA
AAACON Auto
Transport
89 Shaker Road
Terrace Apartment
Albany, N.Y.
«92-7471

must be 18,yoors_.gld

 

 

PAGE THREE

reflects favorably  his meet-  

     

       
       

 
 

  
   
   
 
    
  
       
      
 
  

 

