   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
    

     
  
 
  

  
    
    
  
  
    
       
    
 
   
 
      
      
       
     
       
    
    
  
    
  
    
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
   
  
   
       
 

as.“

  
  
      
        
  
  
 

 

pardoned by  President Ford.
‘ll definitely not see the inside

  
 

  

  

l‘utu're. , 4

-‘l'his brings to mind the fact that Mr. Nix—
on's public crircer is not necessarily at an end.
fl here are apparently no. restrictions imposed
on him by Iriw. and it is conceivable thitt he
couldrcturtt to public life in some capacity.
‘I hiswas recently the topic of discussion
between Richard atid I’at Nixon at the dinner
table of tlteir San Clemente mansion.

I’iit- Would you like another drtimstick.
rlear'.’

Ilick- Let me riirikc this very clear. ’at.
don‘t believe that it is rice try at this point in
tituc tor me to consume any more appcitdagcs
iil any tool. Do I make mysell' understood?

l'at- I gttess that means rto... Dick. I'm
worried about you. You seem to have no
energy. no Vitality. What are you going to do
wrtlt yotirscll' the rest ol‘ your life?

Diek- Uh. ’at. I'm glad you asked me that
question. Well. I hare big plans for myself. I
intend to become coach of the Wasltington
Redskins. Now I‘m. please don‘t snicker. I've
got this all ligtiied otil.

I’nt- lliit don‘t you thiitk (ieorge Allen ltrts a
lock oii ilial job [or years to come‘.‘

Fr ie 5:

 

L hands at t

.oreoul be lotiled thatloeorg'c was'a'
iP i'tiir’ckinrt

   

. '11 '9.
l940‘sf ‘I'hat’wdul‘d .lea’ve‘h in
Then I could 'suc at s terrain V .
available if any coaching positions opened on
any tcam~_in the NFL. How could anyone
refuse to hire a former President who simply
does not wish to rctirc‘! I tell you'. I’at‘. il‘cvcnts’
Ilow its lplan. I will guarantee that at'training
camp nettt summer. 1 will be hcitd coach of
that team. , ’

g l'at- l’lease Dick. haven‘t you had enouin
dirty tricks recently to fill a lil'ctimc'!

Dick- Now. l’iit. you know I‘ve decided that
I did nothing wrong while those around me
were attempting to mortally wound inc. lstiid
in my statement Sunday that the way I
ltaridlcd the al‘l'air was wrottg. btit tltat wrisjtrst
so nuteh warmed-over baloney. Sonic mis-
calculations were tnadc. that‘s true. Iltit I'm a
lover ol'the law. and I would neverol'l'end it in
any way. In other words. I arii not a crook!
Nor am- I it burglar. sp). extortionist.
bribester. or traitor!

I'iit- llirt I)rck. admit it.' You lied to the
American people. Atid worst ol all. you lied to
its. .liilic especially leels betrayed. She stuck
her neck oitt lor yoti mid got it cltopped ol'l',

Dick- Now. I’ritricia. I'll hear no more of
that! lhe evidence in betaken the vrirong way
by some. biit I‘d expect my owrt family to see it
the rigltt way. my vray. livery President has
done those things and worse. In fact. lean tell
you this itriequitocally. I will go dowrt its one

 

 

Our Famous Campus

by Druid “tide

llie wondrous architecture of S.ll.N.Y
Albany cart hcdescribcd iit one simple phrase:
easy to get lost in. (lo the Iirst day. as l
wandered into the o rung suite \\ itli my special
()Illlll lriieri illlkl’ullys‘l'iilii) (note1thrce Hit/-
1r) towels. searchcil' pliitic‘slt'ickctt tor the
Quad cali'leiia. arid charged up the stairs ol
the wiring hall Ill \aiu Itopcs ol recognition.
this habit ot swallow trig perleetly itiitocent \ Ic-
tiiiis aloe ieriderl to bother me.

l‘ttl a |c\\ ilnysit uasa ieatstruggletiitidjirst
to buildings mining brick aitd torth behind my
back (this school is haunted by a malicious
spirit which acts on purpose to trick people
that nay): htit I soon learned to walk
backwards aitd stare at my destination over
one shoulder uhilc mumbling names to
iiiyscll.

I also gt'cu used to seeing new lt‘iends march
Iiirrtely otl ioclrtss in the morning. rieycr'to he
seen again. I l hereaic those who maintain that
S.ll..\.\', Albany was originally btiilt by the
iortncr rulers or this country as a sort ol
illi‘l)l'llllll. to be used to imprison members ol
the press rriid ol the Democratic l’rtrty. l'lris
has octet been substantiated. although
strange scr 'ims hate oltcn been heard coming
troiii the airteiils. Custodians. howeicr. claim
that these are riicrcly the squeaks ol tltc
larnoiis S.IJ.N.Y. mice.) lodiiy. irI'tcr twu
weeks at exposure to' the school. I may sal'cly
say tlial I reinerither my inimcrind the lociitioii
ol my room.

Concerning the loud here. tltere isabsolute-
ly tio truth to the rumor that the meat is still
iiriiierrng \tlien brought tip l‘roin the tunnels.
()iher delicacies may attempt escape.
sometimes requiring the sliaip rah ot a lork to
culorcc immobility long enough tor L'tilisttlllll‘
tron. birt not the meat. No. the riteat is delinite-
ly dead. as I can easily assume by that sinking
lecling in the pit ol my stomach eaclitinic Ierit
tr tneal here, As tar as the eggs go. wlto says
lood has to he iresli to he eilible'.’ l‘tll'lllL'l‘
students ol S.ll.N.Y, Albany have long since
disproved that old whe‘s tiilc.irntl sonic ol
tlierit have illt‘tl to tell the title.

llie parties here at S.ll.N.Y. Albany are it
matter ol some controversy. 'I here are those
who belicte them to be great lint iiiitl even
'wild". I inysell disagree that standing ill liiie is
an amusing occupation. Naturally I enjoy
meeting people. ritid these particsarc excellent
place» to do so: tor instance. it popular topic or
conversation is the comparison of various

PAGE TEN

traits in a particular liite. the results ol' which
riiay be tallied aitd seitt oil 'to tile (iiiirtness
Itook ol World Records. Sometimes it's even
possible to get close citoriglt to "re band to
hear the rinrsreor see the huge p..es ol (Ultlltlyl
lich glasses hon.I aliotit.. (‘iniiciselyuol
course. II the liiie is ill hack til you. there‘s
olleii a darigcious chance ol' being (oi/close to
the hand and siillering biokcn caidrttiits. a
headache lroni being beaten oier the Itcad by a
pair ol drumsticks. oi brittle l'ritigtic Irom hat.
trig piisltcil )ttlll'l’ttvlt) the Iront. llterc have
eien been cases ol hapless\ ictiins beingtlirust
through speakers or between guitar strings.
llicre is another .strrrngc phenomenon
which accompanies these patties. hutvevcr.
ulireli I enjoy \cry riiiich. lhis is that cliriiicc
wherein you go too prii‘tyat ltztlltartd ciid tip in
it suite on the other siilc ot lorercr with I?
perlcct str'arigersrrt lztltliu tltc morning, Wlicti
the ‘parly' linally dies out aitrl yoti trip and
strintble Ironic iii the dark.you know l7 more
iiist'naines (last names don‘t exist at S.lJ.N.Y.
Albany. \i ltieli is rticc [or those too hoinbed to
pronounce "unit‘sotertwosyllablesanyway).
No iottr ol thei mysteries 0!. SlJNYA
could be complete wrihout touching irpoii our
routine rooms. halls and suites. Uponcntcririg
loicly S.ll,.\‘.Y. Albiiiiy. the brand-new
lrcslirnen are each given a massive sct ol‘ iron
keys. Although each key looks csactly alike
and his iiitoeyery lock in the University. orin
one cart actually open each one. Sittce there is
a key tor the stiitc door. the room door. and
the liaIl door (all ol which make lot' excellent
security. I must admit:sometimesevcn I can‘t
get into my owrt room). along with whatever
keys the student brought tor trunks.
ipr ' rs. cte.. each lreshrnirn is given aittple
chance to stand bewildered in [root ol his hall.
state or room. constantly inserting keys into
iilt‘iHi to rto ll\tlli. (I assume tlnit this picture
holds Ior Illc I'csl oi ihcsrrrrleritsaswcll. which
creates a somewhat itinrirril nniige of several
thousand people all il\llli'. keys at the same
time.)
lhc rooms themselves yai'y lll quality.
depending upon theQiiiid and the Iurll. l'ot' ill-
starice. my sriitemates louiiil that It large part
ol their right wall had served its a drirtboiiril
tor its past inhabitants and was rapidly dis-
integrating. lii contrast to this. it l'ricntl‘ri suite
across campus has outlets which work iirtd
point which actually manages to cling to lltc
walls. I his disparity may be traced to the fact
Illtll mine is irii rill-male doritt and deserves rill

 

‘ ‘ what makes you thing you quality as coach of '

g immune;
idents'onecthest‘o“lis‘ont the
tb riilnews media tittdinto the
hands of the Rev onist historians. , ,

_ 1' ‘Well .K we‘ll see about'that.,liut

 

ll football team?

Dick- I‘m glad'you asked me that question
as well. .lust peruse my resume. l‘ni it natural
leaderol’ men. I‘m tough. strong. decisive. and
most important ol' all. I know the language of
the locker room.

I'iil- Let‘s not get into thtit. l was mortified

I when your manner of speech in private was ex-
posed. '

I)ick- l riiinait and Johnson. botlt
Democrats I might add. were much stronger iii
their expletii‘cs than I.

I'at- Yes. but their anecdotes contained
earthy. down oit tltc l'arm humor. Your cs-
plctrycs seem to hri\e originated iii the gutter.

|)iek— lltat slams that lrel'lcct the change irt
American lilc lrom the liirni to the city. I
always tried to keep ill step with the times.

l'iit- I see. Well. i guess it's all riglil as Ioiig
as everything is dortc legally. llut... oh. I'oi'gct
ii.

I)iek- Ilut what'.’ You know I always ask'
that you pirt all your cards oti the table. You
should never keep any secrets l'roin me. ’al.

I'tit- (as she rolls her eyes skywarrI) - l was
just wonderingndear. it you lirid lIIlinI/It‘l‘
ideas Ior yoirrscll. alter you‘ve oil/grown the
coaching ttttsllltltl'.'

  
 

L’ g’itln. Pat. g you asked me
question, 'I plan on running to guess
what. l'at‘!... the Senate! lmuginelYou‘d be a
political woman again. I'd help the only
prol'ession l triin love. and the people would
be getting what they really deserve il'thcy elect
inc. V

I'iit- |)o yott honestly think yoti could be
elected again. Dick? 1

  

Diek- Within the framework ol l’hases' IV
and V ol‘ my storied ctirecr.ycs l’at. Let me ex-
plain. Phase I was my early career in Congress
and as Vice President. Phase II wasthc period
of my me. lwill to NM. when the public
managed to blow two elections in which I was
obviously the superior candidate. During this
time I tell to the rank ol'mcrc private citi/cn.
Phase III was the Presidential years and
Horses IV‘tind Viii‘e yet to come. l'hase lV will
be comprised ol' my coaching career. in which
I gather :t huge number ol l'ricndly ricwsincu
“Hit a |c\\ winning seasons on the gridiron.
l’ltasc V Will he the glorious conclusion as a
powerltil Senator. in the golden years ol lile,
btit remaining lull ril \ itality. Incidentally, it is
at that time that I wish to Iullill a modest
dream l‘te cuddled since childhood.

I’at— What‘s that. dealt".'

llick- lo die while making it long-winded.
hiit impeccably prepared speech in l'roitt of II
lot rug audience.

I'at- You wouldn‘t Irate to wait l'ur l’htisc V
in your career. Dick. You could hare ciioked
on a clitckeii bone right itcl'c.

 

the treatment it rccciics.

Iltcsc are lost a ten ol' the wonders ol
S.ll..\'.Y. Albany. ('onsitlcr. lcllon Ir‘cshincn.
the ne\t Ioiir years. .spciit among Ialling
plaster. berit keys. broken machines or. worse
yet. a chronic shortage ol cltririgc tl learned
about that one wltilc wandering about with it
hall-dollar one Sunday night. discovering that
the coin-changers had never been known to
work ). teachers a ho scent to be heading rapid-
ly towards lortg stays at llrippy Valley Rest
Home. and all the other escititig aspects ol'
college lile, Who knows'.’ We may strrvive
them yet.

And now. oil to ltiiiclt. II I tlt:\‘t.‘l' return. I
uisli a hamburger to he placed upon inygrrivc
as an ctci‘lastiug monument to frustration.

The Mail

It) Stew lladwell

As It lreshiniiii lll Albany State. I Wits
naturally L‘lll‘ittlls Io lirid oitt soiucihiiigiil‘ioiit
the South Mail. My llltllliﬁiliHWI'MN hrid hccii
aroused by comments tltltl/ot .i iL‘It‘llt't'n I
had heard made about it in on ‘ "Illa
Deciding to see it for ittysell’. | hcaota Himo
Western and Madison Aveiiiicsoii my bicycle.
Approaching it l'ruiu ll distance. it looms hiri-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

gresticallyabm call else. .soiiic kind it! great sex-
llttl e\teiision ol the riteii who built and plan-
ned rt.

lnrniug lclt onto the block ol the rnrill l was
eonlronicd by huge white walls. something
oiil ol ()rnell oi L'lark. I rode to where there
was sortie sort ol entrance. and descended
towards a lull \icw ol the inside. there were
torn hiin rise structures plus an absolutely
monstrous one. beltiiid the others. Construc-
trori was going on c» erywhcre. iirtd ris I looked
around more crirclully. I could see that sortie
kind ol intricate systciti ol roadways rind
Iltllllt'/.\ were beingbuilt. I Item cr'rill cllccl was
one ol total astonishment.

l-or those who hate never been III the area.
the neighborhood around this complex is old
and run down. I'm plainly. it is a slum rn
rlespeiatc iiccrl ol urban renewal. Iltiliug brick
through II I could not dream up a more
urtstclrrl. pathetic tray to inisirppi'opr'rrrte |.5
Iii/lion dollars. It is so totally ironic that the
residents ol the siii‘rointding area hate to
n iiricsstliis obscene. monumental erection go-
riig up. all the “line In irig in their run down
homes.

Just looking ltl this arid \Hlihillg around
campus. constantly being reminded o it
ridiculous state drug in“. I can say lam \ciy
ilisriliprtrrtieil that the itiiiii responsible I‘or all
this “I” liiild the second highest rtllicc iii this
limit.

SEPTEMBER 10. 1974

 

 

ma‘lors & minors

. There will be 0 meeting oi the
Chemistry Club Thursday Sept. I: or
6:30 pm in Chemistry l5l.

There will be a short organizational
meeting of the Fre- Med-Pm Dent
society on Thursday Sept I? at S pro in
IC 4. All pre-med or predent students
are urged to come.

Prelow Students: Savercl can be
placed with community service in prison
reform ii willing to attend training
weekend Oct l9 and '20 Call 7-2l00
‘itrs. McKinley immediately

Fliil¥~‘eellng of the Undergraduate
Psyrhology Society will be held in 55
hi on Tues night. Sept l0 at 7 pm Do
you wont to get involved in the P57.
rliology Dept
access to graduate school bulletin;

Curriculum" Wont

Please come and torn or! Collee o ..
cookies wdl be served.

An inlormol meeting to: itezzmi, in
retested in medical technology «ill be

  

lwl luevjilp Sept 24 at 7 30 pm to

 

5-Oi031343 Caursc i:quuei tyorta

   

oi'iw lemurs-s «ill a: riots-nest by Di
Magma ‘i‘rom, Dir-:(tCi cl rm: SUN“:
.\ at Tec'r Program
An inlarmal information clinic tor
studenls interested in p/e«medi<ol or
pre~dental programs «ill be hetdon :i
oncrmacmesler basis Tuesda, Sept
to, at 7 3i:- pm in Biology 248 Span
sorted by the Department of Bizicgicar
Screncea, Dr. Hudson ‘Nir‘lt‘. mll conduct
the meeting,

There will be an important meeting
at The Pro-Low Society tor seniors «(no
will be applying to law school this ,em
on Tuesday September H) at 3 I5 pm
in [C l. Pre Law Advrsor, Mr Bob Gib-
son, will discuss the LSAT, LSDAS.
application procedure and other perip
iient iiiues. All are welcome

cr-

APA—BPS— EEP—GDX—KB—STB—TXO—APA—BPS- EEP—GDX—KB-STB— -t

Sponsored by:

TXO— APA—BPS— EEP—GDX —STB— TXO—

SEPTEMBER 10, 1974

   
  
    

 
 
  
  

Biology Club Meeting and Tour of
Bio Building. Cranberry lake Field Trip
Details. All Welcome. Relreshments.
Wed. 7:30 Bio 248.

W
clubs‘ & meetings

Meeting oi Men s ‘s’oisrly Swtmming
and D-vilig Returning
\\embers~- September ll Wednesday
at 4 pm CIT Coach White spool Othee
Ne.» members September i2 Thursr
day at 4 pin or Coach White's Pool Ot~

Team

lice Uproiniog section will be discus)-
ed.

Lem»: to Synchontted Swim Club
‘iti'ed a pot to Pool

Lpnley’ Bored7 Restless? Theorem
e» and train: .n the mountains, squrggle
in .i can? or whatever! You'll have lun
and make tome brands We re the
Outing Club tended by SA one we
meet 9 «dry i‘dcd e -e at 7 30 in CC 3! 5
Se T‘iere'
low»: Mil 0».- Jo intern-it meeting 2t
"o.- Coltee House Commrltee on Wed

'3»;pt II )t .‘ D!“ e l".~_- L. :ni-etttbty

 

won 3

 

who Haw-so up Oil in;

   

'i.'l':) UOr .' .. -.i attend All»0t’1v:: ».
. noted-31 .r: to. rq -.: coltee house on

'..1'v"..‘.i- {News ,i s; JII>:"’.l

W
official notice
W

Important correction. Career
Developmenl Workshops change that
lr- - .,t .132”. Health Proleasiom

43"»: tom changed to Sept l2 ironic
imw and place Stu-dying Behairar
Tim:- "tonagemeni and Test taking
Orange to Sept 1’; their night llO'lttL'

mm: Ond plate;-

The": ~rll be a meeting oi the Com«
munin Selvlre people enrolled in
NYPIRG on Tlhthl'lUf night at 6 pm in
the basement cl 4 2 on Indian

r

 

OS‘RM‘M L 5pm;

, Beginning Sunday, Sept, l, I974.
. U I b

 

The University Dutch Oiled Tennis
Courts are in use for elasses and
Women's Tennis Team Practice at the
following hours; Monday: l0:l5 om -
12:45 pm and 2:00 >5z30pm; Tuesday:
2:I5pm - 5:30 pm; Wednesday: IQIS
om - l22J5 pm and 2.00 - 5.30
pm;l'hursduy: 21l5 pm ~ 5:30 pm; Fri-
day: 3:00pm ~ 5.45 pm. Indian Quad
Tennis Courts: Monday: IG:I5~2LOO
and 3:00 - 5:45; Tuesday: 9:45 - 5:”;
Wednesday lO:l5 - 2:00 and 3:00 v
5.45. Thursday: 9:45 - 3:45, Friday:
3 00 ~ 5 45. All other times the courts
are open tor play by Universrry per-
sonnel. Please do not take bikes on the
court ~ wear sneakers and up-
piopriate O"le One l'tc'ur limit when
people are warringl

W
intgrestgd folk

State- Quad resident. and anyone
elset needing help, information

and/or

government

interest-3d in student

contact your Central
Councilman Jon tevenson, Call 7-
Jtil‘o or not lismg 20513

T: 3|! pedal»: «no argued OCSC
ottereit term: and er wouid I lie to help
"Jlil‘rv cit (Jitlpu) stat-tent» and make
Coll Stu :3

J32 37-12 or on: SA other: tor interim:

qu'tmect hec'mg ease.

lti."\

    

v :I'Jul: Iii 4 'TT'_ ;I-:-J .t‘. ~crﬂii‘r3

.m t .e Cottee House Committee :ut

«HQ .mi: llT'z’ltJ tr: “deli”;
lt"'ll“”i;is LJIu'tJn'.‘ equiuvz' i-zgrri at
4.1-; iii:

Middle Earth. "or trade"! ‘T‘dJl‘IYC‘J

 t‘.‘-‘Tt>}(‘ltl;l‘ meg-r :rti: nuittizn

 

payerin t. 'i;~ :l:l:";l:!‘tli;
duplication. rm: deadline

 

t,..- it: Jupl caviar. .. FrZU'J'y
)Uplﬁmbcr i3 Screening intern»? w.
mil 5.; on going during to»: snack: or
bepiwioai ‘3th and tom Apciieniioou
or»: available 4‘. Ten Eydil iO7 and
$(itul/1r It)? on Dutch Quad
. . .

Nervous About Drivrng? ‘Nonr to
disarm it .n a Group Setting? For Into
Colt 783 5878 evenings

A LL U NIVERSITY

l3 WUBBB

 

Thurs. Sept. 12th
8 pm- 12 Midnight

FREE ADMISSION

l.D. REQUIRED

Into sorority and lntorlratornity Councils
' APA- BPS— EEP— GDX — Kra_— STB ~ Txo- APA — eps-
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EEP-GDX- KB—STB

  
 

- 9

Go: is: so}: to   {
into on Drugs. control. or some i into 
one io talk in. Cali mm unit er saws
Saturation: 457.5300 oft-alt in to edy, will be M Egg: 2:. nm' '
Dione Glen»,  my . 

t0? Ten Eyck on Dutch Quad.

'  ' Peter McEnesy. Eihe all  
(mm .0 A" and 5",, M amines, Tuesday Evening Previous are.

  
 
   
 
  
  
  
    

this is 0 theme: to have your wuri TV“ ‘3'“! OP“ will? P‘Jblkc

published. Your material may be sub-
mitted until Fri. October lath. Submit
matenolncw: before tbe" 4“ Ad- H ._ ‘ of stories
dress literary and Art material to: Cam~

pus Center Rm. 308. ,

mew :wjiit creative Sabbath SC"
vices at Chapel House 7; l5 pm SONI"

iv.

day morning services .9230 cm mmqnd Clinton Streets.

Luncheon to lollow services.

...

NOIICE' Rush Husband

o
sirrvkes
will not be held on campus. Those in- n
.

taunted in obtaining Home Hospitality

in Alb/any Or your tickets to Rush m g

Hiawatha terwcea t" Albany syn-

agingues coll Mike or 4577375

ii\t=‘r:“iIEd in change? Get involved
in' ’rCur government Contact Michael
Sultan at Students for Political Ac-
tion. 432 554C

Assessment at Courses and
Teachers lACT) is available at the illr'
dent as‘ociaiiun allied in CC 34c, It
(tlnlijitts rludétit'i evaluations at aver

‘i \ -’
fit leagllhﬁt') and (curse-r gl‘tét‘t last

  
 

the base. :t :0 DEC can“
. pCIl‘HE'S

 ACT ,rutt -» i‘i-t-csi'rfd n air-y

 too..- ‘t'. :i‘ Jul 'tiTGI-Juluijl Cum-3 or

.- J 2 ;i:iiti; Tl: need more

   

and continue our
.mu iﬁzitruct Cove i:ramo'r.‘ it

a 1 our. lanltf' 14C

Needed readers and attendant:

to: disabled sludents, Urgent need :‘

 

 

a. ﬁll-gtlijuli'l tnlrﬂhiJhg'. L): can. 11
 our..- ,ii_iii,i-.t-, 'i: :sa-it in gerraiicl
torn-th ';»:I\I.JL'T . Larry Hailey.

irrrqoiirtoaizi‘ ;l'_'l'lll.'. u: 37 457-,

in-

Weekend Manes: 4. 30 pm Sutur~
day 6 30 pm Saturday, 70 am.
I145 pm 5 JO pm Sunday. All at
Chapel House

Students who Missed orientation
must must' come to LCE 30 next to un-
meraity :oiliege

05“

AT DOOR

“OXL'BLS‘BX“X09*d33—Sd8—VdV“OX

c.-

Radio Science Fiction—
*rtn
Lester Heverlirtg. Tuesdays 0&7rﬂo-9
pm. August 27. September 3.
September to, September II. Opento
the Public or the Meeting Room
Schenectady County Public library.

 

new

You're always trying
something new. This year
you began ballet lessons.
And today. you finally
mastered that new
position. You feel
wonderful.

Trying Tampaxtampons

 

for the ﬁrst time can be

a wonderful new
experience. too. They're
. worn internally so you

A "an iron Community Some. can always :2 yOUf most

active. No one will know
you have your 
‘even in a leotard. a bikini,
or a tennis skirt. They’ re
easy to use, too. The '
silken-smooth
container-applicator
makes insertion sale,
easy and comfortable.
And the exclusive Junior
absorbency-size is just
right for a baginner.

Try Taman tampons
and every day of the
month can be a good day
to try something new.

mmMMWM

 

ml our It?“ mm. m .0

 

 

 

 

PAGE ELEVEN

   

   

    
  
  

   

   

  

 

  

  

 

 

