.e fromithe Campaign.

t'ed' that he is" wiltingt'o

‘ all level as IOng as he can
opponen ntheeye. How Sﬂylllll‘lleI?
eep iiitog'the donkeirt

going with his constant »

attaCk's on Carey‘s brother and Wilson may
drag Carey as low in the upcoming face-off.

Mr. Wilson kicked off his campaign with a
pompous interview recently. A newsman ask-
ed him what he felt he could do about inﬂation
on the state level. prefacing the query with the
remark that Carey had criticized the Governor
for his apparent “do-nothing” stance on the
problem. Wilson actually gazed into the
camera ’with‘ an all-knowing ' smirk and
said.“Mr. Ca'rey. I realize you know very little
about state politics. but you will ﬁnd that there
is very little that can be done on the state level
about inﬂation.” Does theGovernor expect
that to pass as a suitable reply in these difﬁcult
times'.’ Does that answer reﬂect the entire
breadth of his knowledge on the subject? I
hope not. for that would indicate that Wilson
might be more interested in keeping his power
than in solving our problems. Let us hope that
Mr. Wilson can come up with a slightly more
forthright answer in the future. instead of a
mere passing ol‘the buck to the federal govern-
inent.

I believe the campaign will unfold as

follows. The (iovcmor will perch atop a stone-

crutch labeled incumbency. whi|c Carey
will chisel away desperately at that stone.

searching for the fault which would cause the

 to crumble' bringingHWtIson'down from.
' 'ight's. ;Wilsori will allow; Carey to
hammer away. stoieally keepinghis distance.
from his foe.‘_corit'ident at he will withstand
every. blow Garey delivers.
What will be the result?Well. thelirst polls .
will probably show Carey trailing. This will
spur him to more vigorous action and will
cause Wilson to relax evsn further. Then‘the
tide. will slowly begin to turn. Wilson's
aloofness and poor television personality will
come across and serve to alienate some voters
from.him., Carey will appear to be more
energetic. forceful. and decisive in his
programs. Wilson will begin to defend himself
from Carey‘s onslaughts and then his troubles
will really begin. Carey will smash the Cover-
nor in debates. just as he lambasted Samuels.
Wilson's deeds since his Christmastime
"promotion will come under fire. Some of the
anti-New York City legislation he has sup-
ported will be brought to the attention of
downstaters. Wilson‘s lead will evaporate. and
it will be beyond his ability to regain it. Carey
will then streak past the beduzzlcd incumbent
and be elected New York‘s tirst Democratic
Governor in sixteen years, and, byafairly
large margin. '
I realize that I'm sticking my neck out with
such a prediction in mid-September. but it
seems as if a major factor in the outcome will
be Malcolm Wilson‘s tendency to defeat
himself. That will not change from now to the
election. This most important state deserves
and needs a vigorous man at the helm.
Whether one agreed with Nelson
Rockefeller‘s policies or not. . most people
would admit that he wasquitc active in perfor-
ming his duties. Carey seems to lit into that.

mold much more easily than the stodgy. back: A

room politician Wilson has shown himself to
be.

 

IN!  NW I

I can't quite put my finger on it but I get the
feeling most of the people in this ofﬁce would
liketo drop a typewriter. on my head.

‘ Right now I'm sitting beside my desk at the
Troy Times Record. enjoying one of my fre-
quent work breaks. This semester I'm an in-
tern at the net'iispaper for 9 credits. 52.22 per
hour. and all the bylines I can grab. So'far. I‘ve
really improved my pencil sharpeningability.
I Yes._l agree the Times Record is not the
New York Times. or theDalIy News.bitt even
the best start somewhere. right Pete Hamill.
'Jamcs Reston? Well I‘m not the best. and Troy
is not Manhattan. but at least it‘san opening. _

“Make a good impression on the editors." I
was told by those who knew. before the job
began. During my first week. ldid not makea
good impression on anyone. Nor did I make a
bad impression. I simplymade no impression.
If I would have painted myself green and
opened my mouth wide they might have used
_me as a garbage disposal. ’

Every once in a while I would bother an
editor enough to giVe me a story. If anyone of
you read the 17mm- Record last week then you
probably remember my scintillating story on
the Cub Scout meeting in Colonic. The lead.
as you recall was “On Tueiaiay September 6th
there will he a meeting of Cub Scout Pack
365.“ l have a way with words.

I was feeling as ignored as a little kid in a
department store when. over the Weekend. the
State Editor called me up at home. At last I
thought. an assignment to launch me to the
top.

The State editor told me to start dressing
better.

“You look like a slob." were his words.

So this week I‘ve decided to change my act.
My outfits are vintage A.&S.. my attitude
cheery and friendly. my nose to the

grindstone. And I'm still sharpening pencils.
At least they could let me getcoffee for them.

The staff has nicknamed me. “the freak".
because of my hair (below my ears). the beads
I wear around my neck. and a bandana in my
pocket. Timothy Leary would probably turn
over in hisjail cell if he knew I was called “the
freak“. but in the office they believe it.

“Do you meditate?” one older reporter ask-
ed me. .

"No. but lwatch Kung-Fu.“ I replied.

“I see. I see.“ he said knowingly. .

Which has led me to believe that the real

‘ world and l are just‘incompatible. Even the

younger reporters. the ones who know the
difference between John Denver and Jerry
Garcia. have a no nonsense attitude towards
their work. It drives me up a wall.

It‘s hard to get used to the idea that all this
means something. Whenever I sit at the
typewriter. pretending I‘m a writer. ldanglc a
cigarette from my lower lip. just like the
reporters do in the movies. Sure I get smoke
up my nose‘itnd in my eyes. but I keep up the
image of being a reporter. which is a lot more'
important than actually being one.

Actual reporters make phone calls. do
research. write. balance the good with the bad.
and generally get along as best they can. Me. I
blow smoke rings.

So I‘ve decided to spend the next decade in
graduate school avoiding the real world. Or.
maybe I‘ll move to 'l‘ahiti. live with it native
girl. sleep in a hammock. and eat pineapple
chicken. Perhaps a major depression will hit
the country and I can sell apples on the street.
If worst comes to worst. I can always teach
English at SUNYA.

The news from the outside world. then. is
frightening. I‘m going to go into my room and
grow a beard till the whole thing passes.

 

ALBANY CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP

W

 

ALBANY COALITION FOR SOVIET JEWRY
ALBANY EVANGELICAL CHRISTIANS
W

AMATEUR RADIO CLUB
W
W
W

W

Notice to OffICers of the Following Groups:

5 COMMITTEE

PIERCE HALL DAY CARE CENTER
W

PRE LAW SOCIETY
W
RIDING CLUB

RISING SMILE FILM SOCIETY
W
W

 

by SussnTelcher
In the past year and a half. Stevie
Wonder has become a full blown

r superstar. The year before he was the

opening itct on the Rolling Stones
nation-wide tour. Today. his new
album. “l-‘ullillingness‘ First Finale.“
is the nation‘s best seller. He‘s won
live grttmniy awards in the past year.
A song he composed. “Tell Me
Something Good.“ is currently a
top-I0 record for the group Rufus.
And Wonder‘s last two albums sold
a million copies each. at feat ticvcr
achieved by the Stones.

September 14. Wonder appeared
belore tl keyed-up crowd of 15.000
tans III Ilic Capital centre. in
Washington. I).L‘.. the second stop
ol his recent tour. It is his first sincea
car accident in the summer of l973

‘ which put Illt.‘ 24-year old performer

in ii coniti lor almost a week.

Non. hock on the l'tlild. IIlL'l’L' is it
blatant dil'lercncc visible: Woiidcr‘s
concerts until the Stones tour had
been belorc exclusively black
audiences: at his most recent perlor
iuancc. almost hit“ the crowd tins
\\'llIlt.‘.

Utitiiut'dly there‘s iiolliiiig ini-
usual about lIlln. SlllCt.‘ pop llllthlt.‘
ltiiis are it very elastic group ol peo-
ple. Itistcs and styles change
rapidly oltcti sei'yitig as ii giiod
biiroiiictcrol hthlttl change told to-
day bliick' lllllSlL' IS more popular
than cicr among white audiences.

Wotider. for instance. received
(irommics for best male pop vocal
pcrlorniunce. and best male rhythm
‘n‘ blues performance. The barriers
are collapsing.

“Living for the City“

lltil there is something fascinating
about hcii ring young white kids sing-
ing out tlic lyrics to songs that are
spctlkilig directly ol‘ ll black life cx-
pci'icncc. Us on Wondei"s“l.iving for
the City.“ It's the story of ti boy who
cottics Ironi the country to New
York. Is trained by stitth strcct duties
on a drug bust. and gets thrown in
llllI tor l0 yciirs. IIlL‘ lyrics are it

direct reﬂection on growing up
black: ‘

His sister's black -

But she is sho‘nuff prétty

Her clothes are torn I

Ilut never life they dirty.

Somehow. being enshrined in the
pop music charts. which reflect ti
collective consciousness. the lyrics of
this hit song have been given it kind
of universal appeal.

I lit-y'vc become more limit it black
lilc cxpcricncc. Non linked inex-
tricably to .:i funky. undulating
rhy iliiii played on ti
synthesi/cr they are It ciy ol'joy or
lrccdoiii or rebellion or .yotitctltitlg
Illill nuich thousands oi young pct'i-
plc Iroiii I5 to )0. “bite and black
:ilikc. \Itllttl on lllcil’ sctits zind sing.

Moog I

Dave aromberg mode the sun shine .lor SUNYA students, Saturday.
September 14 as he played his spselst brand at music.

Bromberg Shines on Cloudy Day

by Peter Lucido

ll last September I-l‘s Iicc concert
lctttiiring .lohn I’ouI IIiininiond.
.lonntlinn I:tI\\l|ltl.\ and David
Ilronibcrg tins Illl_\ indication ol
“hot is opconiing loi' SUNVA rock
Itllls. ilic |‘)74»75 schedule will bctlic
best i:\L'l' in the concert board
history. It could in IllL‘I be the best
schedule oI illl_\ school in thc :II'L‘II.
Regardless. il you here ptirt ol’ the
\ltltittlll hci'd yyliich IcII t‘tllllpllh lIllII
I‘I'ltiil). I :idi ISL' you to check II otit.
Ilic t.‘tlllt.‘t.‘ll \itis tciiilic. and II you
think that‘s hIIIIsIIll. tlhh anyone ol
ilic I.0ll0 oi \tl students \t honttcnd-
cd II.

II“: SCllCdlIIlllg ol it admittedly

Wed Sept‘s BACARDi
RUM N‘n‘e 3046a.
THURSDAYS- E Very

haw-loom anewspectal‘

Aewdcmkmew price!

Northwa talcum
m

to
clotcd. Maud w~rue€dzv

 

\\il.\ nail; Iikc most lliiid pillllllcti on
lctii ing campus I~ridtiy. lloyicycr.
thanks to stipcistition [and the
soiuciihiit RlItIISIIC tendencies ol my
pi'olcmirsl I remained on campus
ii'iid Iltltl the rare priiilegc ol seeing
ilircc line artists pcrloriti lor Ii'cc in
tlic open an:

I lie croiid ucur liitlitin Quad \l’tls
\lllllii by rock standards. about 450
in tlic start ol Hammond's set. \"ct.
ilic illltltlhplllil'l.‘ apparent til the tree
concert on: so stipci'ioi Io thztl til it
Iziigc ill'L‘llIt. IIllll inci‘c ci'oitd we
won liccniiic incidental. Ilic IltL'l
Illlll no onc \itis concerned about
Il'llIllt‘ Itllll). ticket prices or
lllitinkliilly) police hassles added
that much more to ilic shou.

\ licnyy cloud coicr niidiviiy
thronin Iluniniond‘s sci did
threaten to bring the cycnt to It
picniaitiii'c cod. IInininond IlllllhtJII.
\t't'lllL'tI ll\lIL'>.\ throughout IIlL' ctirly
going ;I\ much o1 his tlIltlIt‘lICL‘
iioiiilcrctl \ihcthci to stay or seek
\IIL'IIL'I' lroin Ihc Impending donn-
poiii. I-oi once. Albany‘s predilec-
ltilll loi intihgnitnt yycntlicr tins
iliiiuiicil \\'|icn the sun broke loose
Io ilic cloud coici ll (list) slinttcrcd

:tny restraints on Ilic criiuds‘
enthusiasm. lluniniond iinproicd
noticeably dining his last three
\tlllgh. .'\.~ he lltilllIIIL'tI. though. Ilt.‘
\lll\ oiin :i \\:triiiiip loi it lint has to

L'tl lllt.‘.

\\ itliiii tcn llllllllltfh. .Ioiiiitliiin
I‘tIll ords IliltI Ilic biggcrcrohd pl 900
chipping and singing \iilli an upbeat
\L‘lhltlll ol his popular song.
"Sunshine." Ilic cioyid \llh ithyc
iioii tllltI I:d\\;it‘d.~. seeing IIIIS. rctus-
L‘tI to let ilic L'llIiltlSIIlRllldlL‘(IltlhlllltII
accomplishment its Sl'\\ .\
:iiidiciiccs linic been kiioii ii to bring
along L'ttlcuhis hooks to study
bciiiccii songs). Willi tlieaidtlition ol
ilic Iiiic IliII Keith on bonio c\cn ilic
Iliology intijors III tliccroud IL'III\L‘ti.
the partying begun. and IZISIL'tI the
test ol thcdtiy. I.tl\\ill'ti.\. loi his |ltl|'l.
Sktlilllil) \tll'IL‘tl his lltlhlliilli)
acoustic set to kccp thcci'ood cliccl-
iiig throughout. Ilic highlight ol ilic
Rel. though. has his lizirp plziytiig
during the cncorc. "llyc Ilyc llliic."
loi \ihich Ilic tititlicnt'c goic ll slun-
tliiig motion.

Iti'onibcrg and his iiotipc hcgiin
ilhtllll liltccn IllIIlIIlL‘\ Itlli.'l “till his
clowc. "Stiller." IIIL' cioiid ilI this
litllllI IL'ltL‘llUtl iippioyiinntcly I.5l)0
:iotl \Itl_\L'tI IIltll lingan tltiy.dc~piic
Ilic ItlL‘l Ili'ooihcrg inn o\citinic and

hell into quad dining bouts.
ltroiiibcrg goic.itsiisii:i|.inicycitiiig
and hell polished pci‘loruittncc, lhc
nucrnciion bctiiccti llrouihcrg :iiid
IIIN hticktip Illllle’ltIlh \itis i'iyailcd
only by his iiitcitiction \\IIII ilic
SI7\\ \croiid.\o.~ignoliilooliicss
on lli'oiiilici'g'~ p.u't \\;i~ zippaicnt. :i
ciiticisiii thnt ilic I i/liigi- liuit' tllltI
It‘ll/lulu .Slum- ho\c ict'cnlly litirlcd
ill Iiiiii. Ilic glitll|l\ enthusiastic
spirit iindoiilitnhly \\.I.\ ll iiiziior
icusou loi lilty, llroiiibcrg MHIIIIL’II
enjoyed the scene tIt.tl although ilic
‘ L'tlllt't‘l'l's tinic Iiniittitioiullmi I‘Ct'll
\ycll c\cccilctl.iic obligctl the throng
only on cut-um. Ilt addition. be out
tillt.‘ loi iinothcr c\hiiiistini.'
pcilorninncciit >.ii.itog;i lll it iiititlci
ol Ilitllh. (\\hcic|ioiii.i|l IL'|1iiI‘I~IlL‘
gutt- :i liiic conceit. hiit Ullt’IIlilI did
IliIl t‘i|lllt' cliuc to iiiaitihiiig lIlL‘ lll-
It‘ll~ll\ L‘\llll)|l\'li Ilt'IL‘J
It \\;i~ .i int'nioitilil. i'onrt'it. \t-I.
Us the kickoll ctcnt ill .1 Wits-Ill ilnit
oill bong to \‘t \l \hoili Illt‘ \uiy
tiritly Iiiit ll.inil and Inn (IIIIL‘III
.tnd \Icrl \IlllltIL'ls IIlt‘ cont-cit
\IIllliIIt‘li :iii iinpoiiool Itlllt.iI)iIlIl
lioiii Ilic p;|\l

llui loud. and lilt‘ Sum/1w
[Ill/HIM”. III“, I moi limo/“Ill i. il be
licic .l\ :Illlltlllllu‘ti .ii in. bog-noon;

SPEECH PATHOLOGY t. AUDIOLOGY CLUB
HEBREW CLUB WW ‘ ' ‘ ‘

INDEAN—QUAB-saeeesseees '
STUDENT INTERNATIONAL MEDITATION   a

ITALIAN AMERICAN STUDENT ALLIANCE SOCIETY

W W
KARATE CLUB TABLE TENNIS CLUB
Sanford Rosenhlum, S.A. Attorney,
will be at your service

TONIGHT & EVERY TUESDAY NIGHT
7-9 pm in Campus Center 346

W
The Student Association Lawyer is retained through student activity assessment funds.

=W—I—m
ol Illt‘ ik'IIIk'SIL'I.
ALBANY BICYCLE CLUB

ASSOCIATION TO INVESTIGATE PRINCIPLES OF
FREEDOM AND PROGRESS

BRIDGE CLUB

CAMERA CLUB
WW
White

CHINESE STUDIES CLUB
CLASS OF 197Il

ALBANY COALITION
COMMUTERS BOARD

5300 SWITCEBOARD
W

DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST ORGANIZING COMMITTEE

 

 

Limericks Contest

 

I he .\\I’ \II\ Department
l5 [‘lt‘ilu‘li to Announce ilic

LIBRARY SI‘UDENF ASSCXIIATION
MEDICAL  ASSEIATION
MISIG C(XJI‘CIL

NEW DDDCRATIC (DALITION
PEPE FDR SOCIALIS’I

PIMPLE OF PEACE

PHI BETA 1m

IIINI :inniitil Iiincilck contest.
m \\c “I” ilL'L'L‘III .iny liniciick
that l\ giicn to Us typctl tiiplc
mom-mam
m
WOMEN'S RECREATION ASSOCIATION
YOUNG REPUBLICAN CLUB

m

spaced on paper.

Ihcrc “I” be pit/cs loi
oiigiotihly. L'I'L‘illl\ll).itllli use
ol Iniigtittgc. I’L‘L‘lnltlllhhlilllt‘
llliltli.‘ h_\ a panel ol :iiit‘dyiii‘ks
and inc Illltli lllltI tricyocublc.

All entries “I” he kept un-
less tlicy ttI’L‘ accompanied by
:i NL‘II-L‘Ilh’ltipcti addressed
stomp.

Iziitrics lllt‘ being accepted
noit. get yours in caily to lltc
ASI' office in Room 320
('tinipusL‘cnter. Deadline for
entries is October I. I974.

(ASP Siiipli members need
not contribute.)

THESE GROUPS HAVE NOT RECORDED OFFICERS IN THE STUDENT ASSOCIATION OFFICE; IF YOU ARE AN OFFICER OF ANY OF THE ABOVE
GROUPS, PLEASE COME TO THE STUDENT ASSOCIATION OFFICE, CAMPUS 'CENTER 3106. NOT LATER THAN 5 pm, FRIDAY,

 

3mm 27. 197N.ALL OF THE  GROUPS AND THEIR MEMBERS ARE WARNED THAT EACI‘IGROUP'S RECOGNITION IS SUBJECT TO
Patriot: Curran, President
Student Association

SEPTEMBER 24, 1974

. REVOCATION IF NO OFFICER RBSPONDS .
funded by student suacistion

 

 

 

 

 

 

i
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE TEN SEPTEMBER 24 1974 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE ELEVEN

 

 

 

