   

   
  
  

  
  
  
 
  
  

  
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
 
 
 
  

    
  
      
  
    
          
         

   

 
 
 
 
  
 

    
 
   
  
  

‘ltl.;§tnlub
. apertri -, - l

2i. Cunltlin(Rl" . " “‘"m‘lk’

22. Lewis to) ‘-

 

 
 
   

   
 

 
   

 

.I he ' .  V 129. urteym.c)
I 5W! til“ I A ' i . i’ ,‘lJll. Hanntrtky
‘Ititl.‘D‘Ant|reI( ) ’ v» lJI. (gum)

I09. 'Harrls (R),
“0. Solomon (R) 

. Ill. Ryan (R)
' ll2. Haley D) '. _
Ill. Dolmc itztR) --  >

' IN. 'l'aylor(R) .n .-
ll5. Searis) v

. llti. Caloger (R)

 

 
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
     
    

I30. -Emery (R)
  Hawley (R)

. l9:"Ml!rphytl))\
"140. Izardtm

l4l. Flemming (l))

Mi. (ireco (D)

 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
   

(tittryeu‘oo ' 

.suncia to)-
.;Wcrtz (RI

: Cochrane (R) I
. ' Flanagan (R)

ill. ‘ .
5 WWW)

Molinarillt)

_ Connelly (D)
DcSalvio (DI)

. l)iFalco(Dl) . ' A

. l’asitannantetlm 

. Stein (D) .

Siegel (D)

. (iottlrictlllﬂ)

. Unionist”)

ll7.

(lit.

“9. ~

  '
. ur , »

I22. Rapiiefyea‘ lit) \-

IZJI MeCubetDllZd;

l25. Rilord(l()

I20 MtirsliitlltR) I

. Kendcrson (Rt

   
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
    
     
 

(D) ‘ I'
l”) -:‘

on (D

    
  
 

4..

. Hoyt (It)
. (irillin (l))
Uorski (D)

   

. Henley (R)
2. Murphy (R).

l. - v - to.
near no» - . 70.

        
  

 

48
. Baker (R)
Kidder (U).

  
  
  

Runyon (D)

 

 

Oru. o (D) . " 7|.
Muunduwik) ' ' I ’
- r ottl .: ' ' ' _
“"lllc' “’l I .‘D’Agato (R) ,. r 74. rum" a» _ I , I '
( Cla l”) . 11.0"”qu  >I._ u)" . . A '. ‘ .y f I V ‘ . _
. . remert ) l. osner . . ed N
y. m ...-.....:::i:. - -.  D . ;g«- I .Levrtt Re-elect . m . on-race
r. "" '_ t . . . ‘ * - V H
J oiiiiirei'itii‘m ""“mdmllil ..  iii) so. Vellu (at
m. it," Restivo(Dl 24 Weprin(l)) : tit, .‘ " .
man (R)  ‘”" 25: Nicolosi to) E w _ 82; . :=‘- P! 5"“ “my . - . .
‘00 3 ' I > '> .' : r r t ‘26. saivisitytu) 83. Hcchl (Db Nobody expected Democratic comptroller Arthur Levai to lose to the
" ’ ~. ' ' v 27. Coopcrman (Dr ' M l“‘llllc' ll” Re ublican Steven May. and hcdidn‘t. He won hissnttb term With his largest
‘ "MM" "(l at Hcvesitll) ' 85. Dearte(D) p . d . h t d
Wen’tR-Ind) ' * . ~ 20: llrcwcr(l)l . ‘ :86. MarchisellilD) victory ever. sixty-seven percent. May ha twenty-erg tper cent..in Cott-
Mill- ll R i' I ‘* Nun.“ (I5) .. j .10. Miller. H..l. (D) ’ lg}; servative Bradley Hard drew live per cent.
z  (m ' xi . iii: ft)» 39: - Leviit‘s'vietory was a very quiet one. He didn‘t bitvcaballroomlike Carey
' "mm" "u i Barcglin((R)    and Clark. and no one was around from his campaign.
‘ 2"3‘ivunlm 35: litil’rcslullt) 92: Sullivan (“0 As lrcached the Democratic Headquarters at theCommodore Hotel. alter
'~ " mun (R) 36' (“V-“l” l") i 93' . running from the Roosevelt Hotel where the Republicans were. I saw two
M""‘““‘”’ 17 (iunninttlt) 94. stupuunstn) . . . . . . . .
. limiting“ in) ' “Th R . ig‘ 1' . es. tiicn congratulating a short. white-haired man. in a dark pin-striped suit,
' I'm" “"H l ’ its. Fink (D) 9“- "Congratulations “ they said to the little man.
. Smith (R) , -- ... 9‘  ... “
sum . Wurdertlt) ill): glﬂﬂmliﬂ) 9.7.. llitink you. lhank you. I ‘ ‘
“my in) 42. shutout”) W. llclrostR) "Was that Comptroller Levttt‘l" I asked. as the man slid through the
hckcrl (R-Con) 43. (.‘iitcotta (ll) I00. Roosa (R) revoking 1mm”.

   
 

    

 

 

   

  
     
    
   
      

 

  

 Marina (R)

..~’-.irttt)lii»i-i in mm; l')ll|:.lll‘l[ll

 

Lefhowitz
by Alan Abbey .
. At 2:20 in the morning. the people
sitting around Robert Abrams' live
sttites in the Commodore Hotel were
not doing very muchﬁfhey just
didn‘t want to leave. Three hours
earlier the place had been hopping.
asitAbrams‘ lead over incumbent
Republican Attorney General Louis '
l.clkowit7. was holding.

"them Abrams‘ people were run-
ning around. kissing and hugging
each other. laughingand smiling. in-
credulous at the possibility of vic-
tory. Roger Urimsby. on WABC-
W. said the count was 48% for
Abramsto 47% for Lclkowitz. “It's
fifty-fifty in Rochester!“ someone
yelled. trying to show Abrams'
itrcttglh upstate.

New York City Council President
Paul ()‘Dwycr. and Representatives
.Itl‘llllts Schciter and Jonathan
Ilitigliani were just some of the local
politicians that were coming in to
congratulate Abrams. and offer ad-
vice. Scheuer was dragged into a
bathroom by Abrams‘ to discuss
some strategy. Abrams was
ebullient. smiling and talking freely.
He told a reporter that he learned the
State in the campaign. and haddone
sotwell because he had run a eain~
paign of issues.

t'llhe campaign was not without its
grandstand stunts.0netimc Abrams
planted himself in Leikowitl.‘ office
in the World 'I rude Center with two

 

PAGE SIX

 
      
    
 

   
   

    

  

'l’uvriello l) ' .
(irlm'l (“8 )   (m  Lane (R-l) “Yes-n . I ‘
- "'W'“ (K) to. tastier (It) I03. l'ield tR-Ii I ran over to him and introduced myself. Was he happy Wllll his pertor-
: y  l"), "’4'  mance'! “Yes. lam very happy.“ he answered. “It may well be my biggest lit-
titl. Paterson (R) 49: bit-m.) (K) , __ intony.c\gcr.l‘nri¢~u. . .. n ll. 1
W- ' "What new programs arcvyoitigoing to institute now that you have been re-
elected?"

"l he programs are already in progress. and they are for saving the tax-
payers money. and cutting state expenses." He patted me on the back and
stepped into a waiting car.it black limousine with the license plate. th‘It‘ )‘orlt
3.

Stephen May. obviously did not expect to win; he never even established
an ollicc iii the Roosevelt. “Ilisoflice is in Roclicstcr."said the man sitting at
the rcccptiondcsk at the Republican ol'l'iccs. Levitt said tonigltt as he had and
throughout the campaign. that May is a "line young gentleman.“

lhcir campaign was not especially exciting. A search through the .\t'll
l‘orlt 'l'iiiies of October failed tti reveal ntuclt material on the race. lhc only
attacks May made were at other Democrats. llcjust could not bring hiiiiscll
toiitlack Levitt. May didn‘t traveluround the state mttclt. He was well ttiod~
cd. but nobody gave him any chance whatsoever.

Some people during the campaign raised questions over chill's use ol
thrce year-old data lor his audits. but May never picked tip on the issue. it
scented as it he did not want to sayaitythingtlial might get him in trouble in
the future.

lip on the winner's podium to make his victory speech. lltiglt Carey men-
titntcd Levitt‘siiamc. Hardly anybody in that knowledgeable crowd applaud-
ed. lhiit seems to be how Levitt wants it. He remains barely visible. and “I”
go oti doing “hat he has been doing for twenty years. now with sewnt) pct
cent ol the state beliiitd him.

one for Abrams. He greatly enhanc-
ed his state—wide prestige. and was
not disgraced by losing to chkowitz.
one of the greatest vote-gettch in
New York state history. Lclkowitz
was probably hurt as much by
Abrams‘ attack as he was by Nelson
Rockefellcr‘s absence from the top
of the Republican ticket.‘

Abrams scored Lclkowitv with his
attack on tltc Attorney Ucneral‘s
chumniincss with big business and
his failure to use the Oraganized
Crime l'ask Force. "Hc diverted
funds from the Organized Crime
Task Force. nearly ceasing its func-
tions. to put them into the prosecu-
tion of Attica inmates involved with
the uprising.“ said Abrams.

lccterns. to dramatize the Attorney
(ieneral's reluctance to debate.

At twelve-thirty. it was apparent
that Lelkowitz would win. but by his
smallest margin ever. “Lelkowitz,
won his last election by over a
million votes. and he‘s never won
with less than 500.000 vote plurali-
ty.“ a hot. sweaty. but vibrant
Abrams said to reporters and the
large crowd of well-wishcrs in
Carey‘s ballroom after Carey had
left. “It is a victory in more ways than
one." he said. iind then turned to hug
cit-boxer and political columnist
.lose ‘I'orres. calling him "Champ."
and a "great man.“

It ll'u.\‘ll victoryin ntorc waysthan

 

 

    

I ' TAKE COMMAND OF YOUR FUTURE

o

The Opportunity to be a COMMISSIONED OFFICER ' '

‘ I . _ is 1 hi
qualified students. The Navy 15 currently accepting applicatiozziaolr: vgritgtyacii
interesting and challenging OFFICER positions for COLLEGE STUDENTS with
ditlerentvacademic backgrounds. Ygg‘moy have what it takes to quality for:

NUCLEAR POWER NAVAL AVIATION NAVY LINE OFFICER NAVY NURSE CORPS

All Voluntary Programs - No Obligation
Soc Your Navy Information Team On Campus
. Nov. 7 & 8 at the Admin. Building 'or call 518 472-4424 today/

 

 

4i

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS NOVEMBER 6, 1974

\..

 

 
  
 
  
  
  
 

 
  
     

w‘unt‘htl: '

ing d or [ill classmao'ri {gave
him Victory ov rHowitrd Samuel
the early favor
primary beptulo. = I ;  r

...I it’roi'irthat date on. be Was con}

' N YUR v H hCaiéy.a
toody. .totigh-tullting’man. Wllh a‘
' ‘led‘tacemgravellyVolceandan
Irish p‘walk. sounded the “time-
' change“ theme but gave few
specifics during his long campaign
for governor. ‘ ' ‘

In general terms. hoyvever. he
promised a more liberal approach
than, that in“ Republican (iov.
* Miilcolm Wilson. while also promis-
ing to . avoid the big-spending-
projects itpproitch of former Gov.
Nelsoit A. Rockefeller.

Carey. 55. began his eitmpiiign‘lO
months ago as a distinct underdog.~

llut he had shrewd political in-
stincts. A iitassive television cam-
paign. financed by his brother and
officers and associates of h is litinily‘s
oil company. ttiid a strong sense of
identification with the state‘s work-

   

  

 

lb years of Republican
Albany. '

   
  
  
   
  

  
  

lack of experience in state govern-

  
  
     

  

llttt Carey brushed it off. saying he
had lctimed a»lot about government
aitd New York’s problemsduring his
H years as a congressman l'ro
llrooklyn. ’ .

  
     

 

 

 

‘  . ,"onoelotodprorwlr'opboto
Alabama's Govomor .Gooroo Walloon gluon the traditional “V” tor ulc-
tory after he voted in Tundoyio olootton. Wall-co won an un- .
procedth third term unity.

Local Party HQ’gL.
Take Election In Stride

Wayne Wagner by an overwhelming
majority.
the race for District Attorney
between Ralph Smith and Sol
(irecitburg was too close to call.
lite feeling on the floor at the
Republican Headquarters last night
was one of mixed emotions. The
people sat and talked amongst
themselves occasionally taking a sip
ol their drinks. Little attention was
paid to the elections except when a
well knowti candidate appeared or
when Channel |.l News did one of
most crushing blow for the pcople tlicirscvcralon~tlic-spot.scgu1ciitsiof
gathered at the Hyatt House cameatiIlituluvtiton'lcoyeiago: r‘ in ii "7/"
abouttwenty-liteminutesaftcrmid- to describe the people as dis-
ntghttvliciiCarllouheyconcedcd to interested would be unfair. 'l'hcy
lloward Nolan. were certainly interested in the elec-
loulicy spoke briefly about his lionshtitnotsomuchinthedcl'catol'
tlcicill in the race for State Senator. their candidates.
He stated that he was not in any way l:ai'|tcr iii the evening the clectioti
scoriilul and was more than willing night reception was ittterrttptcd by a
to accept the dccisioti ot' the people. botiib scare. Sources at the Hyattt
He added that he wanted only what llotise reported that a phone call had
was best lor the nation and the been received at about niitco‘clock
government. g threatening that a bomb had been
When questioned about his planted iii the convention hall. At
Iiilurc. louhey rcplicd.“lwilla|wuys about |t):2'.l an announcement was
try to pursue the goals lbelicvcin.“ made requesting that all persons
Alter Iciittng the Hyatt llousc cl'ilclltllc the hall immediately. the
lottlicy tittciidcd to go directly to mention ol tltc hall lasted ap-
l)eiiiocratic Headquarters to con- proximately thirty minutes during
grattihitc Howard Nolan onlh is vic- “limit a "thorough search“ was con-
ducted. No bomb was found.

     
     
   
  

lltiriiig those years. Carey rose to
prominent positions oit the Educa-
tion and Labor. and later the Ways
and Means. committees. Reporters
who cover the Capitol described him

by Stephen Dzlnanka

As election returns poured into
the Republican Party Headquarters
at the Hyatt House Hotel in Albany
last night. the sparse audience did
their best to show enthusiasm.
However, election night brought
them very little to cheer about.

One gentleman roaming the lloor
coiiiiticntcd. “i think l‘m going to
tiiovc otit ol the city“.

||ic Republicans suffered dcfctit
altcr delcat. iticluding Governor
Wilson‘s loss to lluglt Carey. 'l'hc

  

Ralph Nader dlccuuoo dangers of corporations, unlvoroltlos, food,
cars. and nuclear energy.
Iipr out SUNYA l’IRU (Public in-
tcrest Research Group). Nader has
organized student run and sup-
ported l’lR(i groups in twenty-one
states so far. He mentioned some
l’lRU projectsand emphasized their
value. built to the students who work
on them and to societyas a whole.
For example. NYl’lRG‘s legislative
profiles. released last year. might be
a deciding factor in many races to-
day. l'hosc profiles have been

by Daniel Gaines

Ralplt Nader. consutitcr activist.
writer. lawyer. lecturer and
organizer spoke to crowd of two
thousand Thursday night in
SUNYA‘s gym.

Nader spoke forcefully and.
though he never smiled. elicited
spontaneous laughter and applause
throughout the speech. Hediscusscd
the dangers of and problems with
corporations. universities. food. the

tory.
Samuel Stratton. Democratic “W Mm"! l’t‘llCC 0" “W 5'50"“ Education lusting SCWiCC in acclaimed throughout the state; the
candida“. [m “w “mm: or rcluscd to comment on the incident. Princeton. cars itnd nuclcarcncrgy. N(’ll' Yor/r ‘I‘iIiim praised them in a

recent editorial.
Nader lirst discussed tltc reversion

He called upon the audience to

No official report had yet been filed
work on the system. suggesting they

at Police Headquarters.

Reprcscnttilitcs from the 28th Dis-
ll'lL'l dclcatcd Republican opponent

 

   
   
 
  
   
      
    

Nov. 6,. 7, a a. 9

4'"

 

featuring:

The Charlie Smith Blues Band

.Come to the Salty Dog and receive your

    

HALF PRICE WALT’S SUB COUPON

Good for any Walt’s Submarine Sandwich at V2 price “
v at Walt's Subs, 283 Ontario St.

 

Good thou
Nov. 16, 1914 .

and It the
Ontario St. not. ONLY

 
   
    

  

NOVEMBER 6, 1974 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

the Democratic 1
gsid‘ered likely to beat Wilson andye‘n’d z
rtile‘ in J
Wilson attempted to make (.‘arey‘s I

' ottr money like we had his money.“ r'

.- titcitt a major issue iii the campaign.

He, pledged not to increase state

taxes on families with inconrésurtde'r V

525.000 a, year. _ = . '
Carey outlined an “agenda for the

first ltundrcd days“, of his lad?

iii‘inistration. including full financial
disclosure by every appointee “in a
position of trust.“ screening thenon-
political appointment of judges now
electcdland public financing ofstate
elect ion campaigns. '

Nader Urges PRC-Involvement?“
' Speaks at Investigating the ETS'

of college youths to the attitudes of
the fifties. “If you had to make a
blueprint." he said. “showing how to
best pacify American youth you‘d
create exactly what is”. ‘

The author of Unsafe a! Any
Speed said he received a letter

' recently tronia woman in Arizona

who iiccidently left a loaf of Wonder—
brciid in her backyard for a week.
“Why is it still soft‘l" she asked.
Nader explained that the govern-
nicnt.tiftcrycars ofproddingby him
and others. is just beginning'to test
food additives. “Every few weeks
another one is taken ol‘fthe market“.

Nader claimed that a gas
propellcnt used in acrosolcans could
reduce the (mute layer of tltc at-
mosphere and thereby increase the
incidence of skin cancer. He criticiz-
ed the attitude American have
towards their bodies: “Why wash it
when you can spnty it?" i

A speech by Ralph Nader would
be incomplete without some talk of
the automotive industry.
"Automobile manul'acturercs." said
Nader. "claimed seat belts could cut
peoplc in ltall in an accident.“ Nader
criticized the highwaysalso.asking if
it “is decreed that capital punish-
ment should be imposed if yoti crash
itito a ltimpost on the road?" He
suggest they be made to fall away in
crashes over it) ni.p.h.

Nader stirred up the audience
when discussing the E'I'S
(Educational Testing Service) in
Princeton. New Jersey. 'lhe
audience applauded loudly when he
told them of an E’I‘S investigation
that hasjust been started by Nader
people. Hedcplorcd their monopoly
on the dctcmiination of intelligence.
E'I'S. he said. has been hostile and
secretive. "It's just like investigating
General Motors all over again.“
stated Nader.but he pointed out that
the His is privately owned so the
one cannot buy stock and go to
stockholders' meetings.

Nader asserted that the energy
crisis was fabricated. and toldthe
audience a little allegory about a

t'tIItIIIlllt'rl on new page

 

STUDENTS TRIM &

AP
cut to suit just you
$3.50
Sput‘ltl/lclllt] III long hair styling,
iznglisli ioyeis. the Continental
look and hunch cuts.
Ausﬁiiutttanor
RAMADA INN
WESTERN AVE.
M-F Siam-B pm

_482-8573 ' Sat. 9 urn-19m

 

 

 

PAGESEVEN

\

 

   
 
 
   
  
  
  
    
      

   
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
    
   
    
    
   
 
 

 

