\ mMm..&-.,~A_hn—\. wan. -—.. m. .—

alien

’ London Theatre & Dining '

SPECIAL FEATURES: . ‘

“Round trip economy class jet air
transportation‘ between New
York/London via AIR-INDIA. .

OSeven nights accommodation in
twin-bedded room with private bath
or shower at the REGENCY
HOTEL. Tips and taxes included.

0Continental breakfast daily.

0Transfer from an to London air-
port to your hotel including
porterage.

OOrientation tour of London.

OSeven table d‘hote dinners at the
REGENCY HOTEL.

OTwo theatre tickets of YOUR
CHOICE.

'Value Added Tax (V.A.T.)

BONUS FEATURES

0F,t;ee membership to the National
Film Theatre.

OOne free admission to the
Haywood Gallery with one full price
ticket purchased.

OMembership to 15 different dis-
cothequcs in London including the
renowned Ronnie Scott's.

0A valuable TRAFALGAR
bonus card entitling you to discounts
averaging l0%when you pay cash or
travelers checksut the listofplaccs in
our handbook.

0A free booking service for the
purchase of additional theater
tickets.

0A host of optional tours and ex-

cursions which can be purchased .

from you London Host. I

0Current issues of “What's on in
London."

OMembership at a Casino

OThc services of our resident
representative in London

Departures from New York: Every
Friday and Saturday from
November I. I974 through April 30.
I975. except between December l5.
I974 and January 4. I975.

The Regency, 100 Queen's Gare.
SW. 7 ..
An elegant Regency exterior with a
modern refurbished interior. depic-
ting its motto of comfort at comfor-
table prices. All its rooms. which are
carefully furnished and carpeted.
have private shower or bath. Each
room has a television and an up to
the minute facility for making tea
and coffee in the rooms. The Regen-
cy has a well stocked bar and plea-
sant restaurant providinga good ser-
vice and meals at reasonable prices.
The hotel has comfortable lounge
and in all provides a warm at-
mosphere. The Regency is con-
veniently situated for the West End
Air terminal. transport. shopping,
and sightseeing.

ITINERARY:

DAY l—New York. Depart New
York'on an evening ﬂight via AIR-
INDIA 747. Dinner will be served on
board—a choice of Continental or
Indian cuisine. ‘

DAY 2—London. On arrival In
London you will be met by our
representative who will transfer you
to the REGENCY HOTEL. En rou-
te you will have anoricntation tour.

DAYS 3-B——London. During
your days at leisure you will have
ample time to explore on your own
and get to know London and
perhaps visit Windsor. Hampton
Court. Stratford. etc. Two com-
plimentary theater tickets of YOUR
CHOICE will enable you to enjoy
two of London‘s fine shows.

DAY 9—London-New York.
Transfer to airport where you depart
via AIR-INDIA jet and arrive in
New York the same day. While aloft.
you‘ll be served lunch befitting a
Maharajah.

$h02.00 PER PERSON
DEPOSIT 51.00.00

hawaii

JANUARY ll-lil. I975

some?

DECEMBER alt—JANUARY 4.
’ 1974

We will be sponsoring an 8 day—7
night trip to the new and luxurious
ROSE HALL INTER-
CONTIN ENTAL HOTEL in
Montego Bay. Jamaica. The cost of

the trip will be $399.00 +10 % tax and

service:‘. It will include; I

‘Round trip jet transportation
from New York via Overseas
National Airlines with meals and
beverages served aloft

‘8 day——7 nights accom-
modations at the Inter-Continental
Hotel. every room with air con-
ditioning. private bath and terrace

‘Welcome rum swingle puny

‘All transfers and baggage handl-

ing at airport and hotel

‘Tips for maids. porters and

beach boys
‘Free beach lounges

‘Hospilality desk at airport and

host escort throughout stay
‘Pre-registration

*Full American breakfast daily
and 5 Gourmet dinners at the hotel

CURACAO

Netherlands Antilles

JANUARY (3-13. I975

We will be sponsoring an 8 day~-—7
night trip to the FLAMBOYANY
SANDS HOTEL.& CASINO. The
cost of the trip will be $379.00 per-
son. based on double occupancy.
The following will be included: .
*Round trip jet transportation
from New York with meals and
beverages served aboard the ﬂights
‘8 daysA7 nights accom-
modations at the FlamboyantSands
‘Transfcrs and baggage handling
‘7 breakfasts and 5 Gourmet
dinners
‘Bon Boni welcome cocktail party
'All taxes and gratuities
(including dining room) at theltotcl
*Frec drinks for players in the
casino
"Frce chaise lounges and towels at
both pool and beach

We will be sponsoring no It dny~7
night trip to Hawaii at the beautiful
new WAIKIKI VILLAGE
IIO'I'I‘ZIJ! The cost of the trip will be
$449.99 per person based on double
occupancy. It will include the follow-

‘(iroup scuba lesson

' Managers open bar cocktail par-
l)’ _

‘Shuttcl bus service to and lrom
city for ditty free shopping ‘

*Ouldoor barbeque dinocr thh

In a game which head referee Nathan Salant called. “One of the ﬁnest
game; this year,“ the Good Rate defeated the Perverts. 40-20. to win the
League Ill Flag Football Championship. ' .

“The game was a lot closer than the ﬁnal score tended to indicate." said Jim

. Willoughby, captain of the Good Rats. “The score was 25-20 with 4:30 left in
the game.”

Both teams entered the game with injuries to key players. The Perverts
were minus star lineman Tony Grille. who broke his knee in his team’s
quarter final victory over Tusk‘s Tush, and the Good Rats were playing
without linebacker Pete Wolf. suffering from torn tendons.

The game also pitted the league's leading scorers. the Perverts' Ed Berger

" (")2 paints" and the cow Ra's'Clm [Wine (96 Points). as Well astwo of the
:, betterquarterbaclts, Willoughby of the Good Rats,and gm ganholome of

l the Perverts.

The Good Rats received the opening kickoff. and quickly marched in for

the game‘s ﬁrst score. when Willoughby hit end John Irace for a 25 yard
it did a quick square-out to the right. and
Willoughby hit him for the extra point. making the score 7-0.

Bartholomae brought the Perverts right back in six plays. climaxed by his
20 yard scramble down to the one yard line. A handoff to Berger followed,

and the Perverts were on the board. The extra point was missed.

After the Good Rats were forced to punt on fourth down and long yardage.
Bartholomae moved the Perverts 45 yards. down to the Good Rats‘ [5 yard
line. On third down. Bartholomnc went back to pass. threw for Monahan in
the end zone. only to have Willoughby come from no place and pick off the
pass. He returned it 80 yards for a touchdown. making the score l3—6. The
extra point attempt failed. and that was the half.

The Perverts took the opening kickoff of the second half, but went no
place. and the Good Rats took over. Three plays later. Cliff Levine swept
around left end for 40 yards. and a touchdown. to run the score to I9-6. with
the extra point attempt failing.

This time it was Berger who brought the I’crverts back. breaking 60 yards
on first down for a TD. Tom I’ardini took a short toss from Bartholomnc.
and scored the point after to make it l9-l3.

.lim Sullivan pulled off a successfuldraw play on third down followingthe
kickoff. and went 40 yards for another Good Rats' touchdown. but this was
matched by Berger. who again brought his team within striking range when
he took a deuble reverse 70 yards fora touchdown. l’ardini scored the extra
point again. and the Perverts trailed by ﬁve; the closest they would come. as
later events proved.

After a touchdown run by Levine made it 3l-20. Ilartholornae was caught

I fora safety by Bob Lawrence. When Willoughby followed with a touchdown
' passto lracc on the opening play after the kickoff, making the score 40-20.
the game was as good as over.
.. “It was one ofthe best played and officiated games of the year. despite the
score." said A.M.I.A. Student Assistant (ltiry Sussman. the supervisor of
‘ that intramural event.

The A.M.I.A. wishes to thank all oftch participants in this season‘s flag
football program.

Elsewhere in A.M.I,A. news: there will be a FLOOR HOCKEY captuins‘
meeting Thursday. November l4. at 41l5 pm. in room (‘(‘3l5. Rosters and
bond money are due at the tnecting. Anyone interested in officiating please
sign up with Dennis Elkin in the A.M.I.A. Office. C(‘35ti.

Just a bit about the floor hockey program: A special. safe puck is UScd.
which glides along the gytn floor similar to the way a regular hockey puck
moves on ice. Physical contact is limited. for obvious safety reasons. Each
player must supply his own stick.

There will be a meeting for those people interested in officiating A. MIA.
volleyball. Wednesday. at 7:30 pm. in (7(‘356. Anyone interested please at-
tend or contact AI Soloway. at 457-7722.

HORNY BllllS
IOVE GORY MOVIES.

 

 

 

 

 

ts     _ 
eaguem  It"

by Vbsny Ileng

It is a simple concept really: the
right man for the right job. Yet it isa
rare occuranee in this world of
bureaucratic inefﬁciency and Peter
principles.

For this reason. Leslie Benjamin
Siegel is a very special fellow. Most
equipment managers of college gym-
nasiums do not get articles written
about them unless they are so old
that you refer to them as "Pops"; so
old that sportseditors have pangs of
conscience thinking that no article
will be written about these men until
an obituary becomes necessary.

Around the SUNYA gym.
hoWever. middle-aged Leslie will
forever be known as “Benny.” and he
does not need an article to showcase
his unique position here.

One need only enter the basement
on the men‘s side of the gym during
the day. to rmlirc this. There you
will find the equipment room. Enter
the door to it. and you will meet an
aluminum cage which separates you
from shelves of sports equipment
stacked eight feet high.

Behind you. on the other side of
the door you entered. are 23 signs
taped to its surface: “Benny‘s out to
lunch." “Benny back in IS minutes."
“Cagccloscd.signcd Benny."arejust
a few.

The signs say a lot. They say that
when Benny leaves the equipment.
the equipment does not move. He
employs a few student assistants. of
course. but when he leaves the cage.
they leave with him. and the signs go
tip.

llut signs do not begin to explain
why any man becomes special to
others. They do not reveal why our
equipment manager is so well known
and remembered by every athlete
that ever participated for Albany.

l’eople help to explain what Bert-
ny means to liisjob. Says basketball
coach Richard “Doc” Sauers.
“Almost anyone else in this building
could leave and not he missed as
much as Benny. He‘s cvcry coachcs'
right hand man. If you‘re a new
nthletc here. within a week you will
know who he is."

Says track coach R. Keith
Munscy. "llc‘s as vital to the smooth
flow of the program as yeast is ton

cake mix. His job has probably

alJo

‘ tripled sincethiifscilityopened.The

place is ﬂooded with people several
times a year. and he's bit for things

from both our side and the woman‘s -

side constantly. He does it all. but it
would probably drive me to my
grave.“ - '

Athletic Director Joseph Garcia
agrees. with some regret. that "Ben-
ny is doing the work of three men.
He issues equipment. purchases it.
takes inventory. runs thetlaundry
room. and the large and small locker
rooms. When he’s out aday. we have
to search our minds deeply to ﬁnd
someone that we can entrust some of
his responsibilities to.“

If there is compensation for his
overwork. Benny apparently ﬁnds it
in the enjoyment of his surroun-
dings. agrce the coaches. Says Gar~
cia. “He is dedicated to the kids in
the intramural programs. the phys.
cd. classes. and the learns equally.
Every kid's problem is Benny‘s
problem.

“We went up to the l’lattsburgh
game this weekend together. and
ltell. he‘s out there leading cheers for
our side. I know that when he can't
make a game. hc‘ll call radio stations
for scores."

Tennis coach Robert Lewis con-
curs. "He treats it more than just a
job. He has the player's interest at
heart. and our wins are his also
because of it.

“I Itavcgivcn him a racket to string
for one of our guys. and known him
to come rushing out to the court with
it completely fixed 45 minutes later.
so that our man could use it in prac-
ticc or in a match that day. Heck. he
had to drop everything else in order
to do it for us. I'm sure!“

Yet doing onc‘s job well is just sc-
cond nature to Benny. and lie would
naturally shake off the idea of his
having any special qualities. Ilc feels
that you simply do what you cart to
get by in this world with some enjoy-
incnt.

An Albany resident most of his
life. Benny found out early that you
had to make the most of tough con—
ditions. “It was south end against
the world in those days. and you
moved in heavy traffic. But Benny.
could run fast. talk fast. and light
dirty if he had to.“

He had to make the best ol‘things

 

 

every tues. -

FOCUS on WSUA
the week of Nov. ll - I5
7 - 8 pm

every man. - Album of the week

National Lampoon

 

Comedy Hour

every wed. - "lee” Coffee House Hour

again in the second World Wanpar-
tieipatlng in sevenmajor battles as a _
member of an anti-aircraft unit id
Europe. "I wouldn’t sell my ‘
memories of it." he says now. ‘butl
wouldn't relive it for anything
either.”

Although justifyineg proud of his
record. he said that he would rather

.it was not mentioned. beause upon
further reflection. he realized that he
had been “just another fellow doing
his job. that’s all.”

To a large extent. this is the way
Benny looks upon his present work.
but he is just as incorrectHegives to
his work here the quality of hisper-
sonnlity. He is a ﬁery ﬁve foot..four
inch bundle of energy with a biting
wit. quick temper. and youthful
charm.

As he worked at taking outa spike
from a truck shoe which a cross-
country man had dismissed as: “a
hopeless case.“ Benny talksabout his
job in fast. almost whispering tones.
creating a voice comparable to at
Troy version of Jimmy Cagney.

“I've always felt that l was doing
something useful and accomplishing
something here. of course. but it‘s
nothing special. Oh sometimes lmay
bitch like hell when things aren‘t go-
ing right. but overall. the repairing
and upkeep of things fascinates me.
and I like the sports and the kids as
well.“ I ‘

Still. keeping thirigs rolling is not
often easy. and Benny has sometimes
vented his I'mstrntions at the top of
his voice. Although he states that he
now tries to take an easier attitude
toward things. circumstances often
leave no other choice. except the
volatile one.

"II I was always easy going.“ he
says. "tlicre‘d be no merchandise in
this place. 'I'ltcl't is still rampant.and
the price of towels keeps going up. I
have to come down on people
sometimes.“

In the end. no one argues back.
because Benny. like always. gets the
job done. There is a sign on the other
side of the cage also. It is from an
alumni who used to have some hot
battles with M r. Siege] over how his
job should have been done. Marricd
now. his present to Benny is knitted
out in the words “(iod Bless Benny‘s
Cage."

And .loc (iarcin adds. “A guy like
Ilcnny: one day he has on a basket-
ball team shirt. the next day a soccer
team one. All the athletes have
honored him one way or another.
lhere's not a team dinner he is not
invited to. To me. he is a trtlc friend
and colleague.“

As Benny works on that stubborn
spike stubbornly. you look around
the equipment room and see the
overflowing rcsults of a school that
has increased its varsity sports from
H to 25 in the past five years.
Somehow. this one guy rnnnages to
keep track of II all.

llenny pulls ottt the spike ttowund
holds it our proudly. "All right.
Vin‘l" he says hulfdcfittntly. half in
jest. Sure lien. I'm not sttrprised.
After all. tltc right man for the right

native enlcrtaimncnl Ill lieu of ‘  juh‘

Iliursday evenings dinner.  thura. A 
FOCUS on Sports Interview with
Albany Great Dane Coach Bob Ford
this fri. - Jazz FOCUS
WSUA 640 - a part of you u...
l' l - b H t' '

Daily raw-9.39

1!".

ll] I:
5‘Round trip jet transportation
from New York viii United Air Lines
including nicals. champagne. stereo
music and movie on board
'8 days 7 nights accom-
modations at the new WAIKIKI
VILLAGE llO'I'IiIx-vhuilt in I973
‘All transfers and baggage handl-
ing in itirport and hotel
‘l.ei greeting
'(icl acquainted hreil'ing ---'l'radc
Wind ’l'ours (arrangement of tours)
 e--rcgistration

::.»~.:;..;W_ A-

campus representative
Kim Krieger
SUNY ALBANY STUDENT ASSOC/A TON
CAMPUS CENTER ROOM 346
(518) 457-6542 daily (10 am to 4 pm)

{In Mﬁhtexumo Hrnylﬂullz'" I

02. ontezuma Ul a.

5 gﬁgﬁhéggrfigtR/TLE‘ CC)>vttAltl<3E 
. er ice.

It's sensational, and that's no bull. {FEW-II 1A

'Optioniil dine around program NW." 5° P’Wl-Iaqw'nluarmn Distiller!- Imtxutl'" NW V""‘ “Wm”

“V“““”'°“‘““’°WW"“'““"“""” ALL TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS av MCCARTHY TRAVEL INC.

 - MEMBER 12' 19“

 

 

 

 

Mama”... _
d.MmA~V—~u¢~c .

H4IIII‘1T' mun tin/,mx |.( Int/1m,

student Ilhbtltllllltlll

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

