.- _ _.—c_,...._ ““

ﬂ

. V ... w-

 

 

AA.~NK.«_\M

 

 

 

 

_.  of the Day
“Mankind is entitled to its hiiitory

W/iilc House rapes.

 

and historylrctiuire lvéyidcnce.“
__ 4,01,)ij Jamar B. Rhoarls. slim/(Ins 0801"”. R’C’Wd "mi"? WOW-ml (It't'lrut'iion of”
. . ’ ‘ . If‘

 

on by MayorVErastusCorning on the controversial

A orthcoming in the very near future. Yesterday. the

g _ Mt .theMayor its compromise counter-proposal to the

a two ‘weeksﬂago' bytthe- Albany Ceminon Council. The proposal differs

rout he Common Council‘ordlriancein a number of particulars. each one being a

as superior solutiontovthe problems'oflivinginthe downtown section ofAlbany.

in difficulty with the Council bill is that it legislates against a group. students.

. proposal. on the other hand. attacks the underlying causes of the problems:

hou est poor condition. landlord neglect. and exorbitant rents. Ratherthan attacka

V g I e new proposal rcctiﬁes the problems. ’

r 1 self. he SA. proposal is a restriction on‘the availability of off-campus housing.

,Recog 2mg theshortage of parking space. and drawing on existing codes in the

Albany :Zontng'Laws. the new proposal Would make it illegal fora landlord of a dwell-

ing lacking a driveway or garage. to expand the number of housing units in that dwcll-

mg. I lie proposal would also make it illegal for the SUNYA Off-Campus Housing 0f-

ltce to list vacancies in buildings not complying with the,new housing codes. Witlt full

student cooperation. this would effectively ensure that buildings 'witb construction or
maintenance violations will not be rented until those violations are corrected.

I liesc should be the purposes ofany housing ordinances. The Common Council bill
provides for none of the corrections that the downtown section so desperatlcy needs
 he  proposed bill comes for closer to fttllfilling those goals. With adefinitionof

lanitly‘ that much more closely reflects the changes in social standards and
provisions thatcnsure adequate living space for each resident precluding overcrowding
iii ttgltt'spac‘es for bigger profits. and with a delinite intent to let those with alternate life
styles livc With the community rather than be isolated frotn it. the counter-pro os'tl
deserves the most serious thought and sitpport. ' p A
We strongly urge Mayor Coming to endorse the new proposal brougltt before him
by the StudentAssociation and reject the bill now awaiting his signatttrc If his in-
terests lie with improving the commttnity. then this is his best course of action
Members of the community seeking their own best interest should endorse this plan
rccogntzrng and coming to grips with the serious problctns that face tltettt. ‘-

 

Voting Machinery

t. ‘I oday: Wednesday and Thursday. the Student Association is holding general elec-
it its to fill va stones in the Central Council and iii the University Senate. At the end of

 

wag/my Ail/W ME, NOW you so mm wear/av
z @0774 PAY TW/CE AS MUCH FOP My save ?’

 

last year. when  elections were held. one third ol'tlte positions open were held f

the tallso that incoming freshman arid transfer students could have a voice iii th- or
titng ol the students‘ government and the universitv-widc Senate. The elections-Lain:
delayed an additional two weeks III order that the new students could in  
themselves with the Albany routine. I ‘ ml mm

No More Honeymoons, Please

 

imih’I-litile ii ISIIFUIILCSS to expect that anyone could truly understand this university in  ' n

.. 'esorw-‘s  ' ' ' ' i ‘I i

! y W I t ‘  I s. [m phwmdhw 0‘ mnmng the muchmerym student and universi- We should all he tltankfttl tlte honeymoon

“yogi crnancc tctates .that the elections must he held now. We urge all students '0 vote

IIris week for the candidates of their choice. A large turnout will show the university
tat students care about Just and Ian government. and will serve as a constant reminder

that their behavror is being scrutinized.

us now disagree with sortie of his stattds. or feel
ihui he has not been decisive cttouglt in his ac-
tions. but because a It‘mcymWn I5 ilnlI-
American.

C  . The simple truth is that there is no provision
on     foranytliing resctnbling a honeymoon Written
H I ‘ u t . I H I . into our onstitution.'fbeeonccptofahonc -
         
accepted the first reading ofa Iii" Iit'tbl viiili 0w r": :15in bead. lhc “misc yclg‘ciduy 0 'Chwks and hi‘lﬂnccs‘ "mm sys‘cm
‘l'ime law. one that saves the country‘ovcr liiiftcliitltbL year-mu?" puyhgm S‘W'ngs covcrniitC-lmT1 properly. um “um 'bmnChcs m.
bruncncs of national government workin ‘ . H arrcls of oil datiy. Are our two F ‘ cut and theirceprcsstissumcd bytttc
g M "ms-purposes ye! “gum? v trst Amendment rttust be diligent at all times
tit maintaining theiradversaryrole its apprised
to the Executive branch arid especially the
President. This was obviously not the case
dtirrng Ford‘s Administration before
don artnottttccrtrertt.
llic press especially fcll ltead over heels for
l‘ord‘s honesty arid openness. Of course they
were thirsting for this catidor which Nixon
had deprived them of for so long. but mtin
members ol the media bccttmc rcactionttricsy
totally drowning their assigned task in it flood
ot compassion fora man who seemed to heart
opposite of his hated predecessor. Well it is
wonderful to have a working ritpport with the
President. but many members ol‘the press and
the'Legislature showed art ignorance of what
their job was and is.Thcir function is not to
have a rapport with the President. if that
develops over a period of time. that's litre 'I'hc
irtte function ol'the Legislaturcand the press is
to guarantee that the ltlltll holding the highest
olltcc III the land does not sense that lie ct
trike more power than he is entitled to Nixtiii
had been led to believe that he could get away

I with an thin . ' ' ' ‘
(it It or I n L!) Mir. Lot All.“ IN (‘xsirtrs CtrN‘rsu .126 Mm 3.14. ()mi l‘IitJII'lfttNhh' AﬂlidSI-ZI‘XI ANI) the “W i" W:cliiisiliiiiiilii'ymmini: hwukmu
. crests. othing the

457-2l‘M. Wt: AI”? l'Mt‘llAt t r I'UNnati tiv s'rtrtiiiN'r asstx'ts“
H . iioN.
press had done up to W '
‘ iitctgate had affect
ed

 

the par-

é‘lESDih

Hunt is I am . . . . . . . . . . ... . . . . . . . . . . ..
  ................... ""'::: : : : : : ' ' ' ' slit-V? 
m SINMS tumour . . . . . . .. ... .... . . . ' t I H lrs Zilti'Ktlilbilliiij

Mwsttit'roit...... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i i  " i

Assorint Ntws ration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I i . I I i i ' NAM); J. AHM‘W“

t'iirswt 'tivis initial . . . . . . . .. ...H.” “nutmsmni-‘MNA‘

Assoi Mtt rtitwu‘tivts tui‘roit . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . .  Ilaiowt:htihtsi'iixi:

Ittttle’Al. turioa. . . . . . . . . . . .. . I‘A‘l’ltlt'lt’ Mt'tl N ‘

Assot'tAtt. rtt‘iia 'Al. rations . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I)(INAI.I) N Mt'IK. WILLIAM l Slii‘t'ii

LIIIIIIIIIM. "(it ration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - - . . . . r . .  . . - - . 4  . . . . . . . . .. MINI)\‘.A'I:'IMVAN

tats “Hunk.
Asstu mt Mt

~ovoiris intioir . ..

 

.. ALAN .l. Armin
. . I‘Aut. I’IEMtIMJJ
I .. . Hutu" '- ‘

Assiit Mir sroitts union . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . KI‘NNIil'llhAhiii‘ﬁum
iniittismr. MANMiNt H i I iNo/i hitiiii
Mott M". Aitvta‘ttsmo mmour . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . tiNIiA Dr Motif)
. . . . t . . . t . . . . t!)

(iissititn xnvtit'tthitvo mourn . . . . . . . .. .... . . JoANNt- S ANniu ws
(.ttMHH tomtl .. .. .. .. ..  .  Wi'imv Asiiini

‘ I ’ I . .
ltti rttttttuttui'uus. . . . . . . . . . . . ..................Kr~ AMHIIN. Ron MMINIIIN

 

 

 

 

Witlt Gerald Ford is over. Not bccatise many of

by Steve Babou

bisjttdgcmcnt on this matter. ltc Itcltcwd tIt.r|
Kennedy atttl .Ioltttsott had gotten :l\\it\ \\rt|t
litany questionable acts because the press had
ceased to he diligent iii exartttnmg morn or
their actions. Ilc seemed to lccl that tho 1.“ t.
ol diligcttcc was a irettd that would continue
and grow during his Adtnintstrtttton. lo tln'
credit. they changed CtllllSt' or

tnidstrcant and performed L'th “I IIH' "1""

tltorotiglt exposes in history.

liut the media‘s letting down of their illl.llti
even affected friendly Gerald Ford. It seems .r
certainty that the new President ptll'tItrtlcrl IIIr'
old President at this titnc because ltc lcll IIL'
could weather the storm easiest during the
honeymoon period. He obviously weight-d .tII
the factors and probably came to tlic L'Ulltill
sion that the American people \toold
automatically follow his logic and till \toirld be
well. So the fact that the honeymoon ended
made it very easy for (icrald I-ord to nt.tkc ht»
decision in the tttantter ltc did.

Now everyoneugrces that the President h.r\
“W Power of pardon tirtder the (‘onstntriron
However. it seertts that using lltttt poMI
before the Judiciary branch has lollotrcd |l\
Proper procedures might very well he an
abuse of it. Arid if friendly. (‘onstrtutrort-
tttinded (ieritld Ford ettn abuse his power dur-
ing a honeymoon. wlty can‘t It power-hungry.
"uIWI'rdly friendly man do it to it rrtttclr iltotc
severe degree'.’

The ntttin poittt is that tlterc is no rootit int -i
honeymoon in modcrrt American politics ll
must he treated as iitt aberration. never to ht'
5‘39" “gain. no matter what the circumstances
All branches of government itttd the quasi-
Constitutional free, press must be tom ct oIt
"WI? tttittrd. For iftt honeymoon is granted to
“W Wf‘lllt'. individual. the tiirtioii cotth be In
real immediate danger of losing its Constitu-
tion and freedom to a despot.

p rcss‘

 

 

 

letters 

l

Indian Conciousness

To the Editor:
To: Barry Sandberg-Presidettt S’I‘B

This letter is in reference to your fratcrttity‘s
party invitations for Suit. 9/22. found ltung all
about the university.

History and custom in this country have
traditionally portrayed various minority
groups through a certain Euro-American
dominant viewpoint. Matty of these
stcreotypings and misrepresentations Itavc
either created or further added to the existing
tensions between peoples. Surely the lttdiart
People have suffered greatly at the hands of
writers in the past. and obviously continue to
do so even now. as evidenced in your invita-
lltiIIZ

“the brothers ol S i fl and the squaws ol
Settccn llttll invites all trni\ct'stty riicrt to a par~
tv Stttt. ‘Is 22. 9 pm.

l'his attcittpt to sccttt‘L a "witty"."catehy“.
phrase for this particular imitation. for this
unitcrsity‘s otci'wltclmiitgly non-Indian pop-
ulation is typically characteristic of Iltc ig-
norancctrnd mistiscol lacctsol NatthuIturc
\tbiclt continues to dominate your nation's
conscience. Your clc\crncss. land I mean
YOURS being president must amount to
something). scr\csmcrcly to make an already
bad situation worse.

lbcre is tltc tclct'cncc to “strtttryts”. lcll me.
do Indians hate “squans‘”? What are
“sqttayys'”! l'\c octet sccn ortc. I’m not stir-
prisetl the "\yaritots" ol SI ll didn't tll\Ilt.' tltc
university to it "putt-now". Why not also III-
yitc tltc Seneca triggers. spies. and kikcs'.’ And
why do you think Indians are considered a

savage and primitive people. always restless.
and on the warpath.» standing in the way of
progress? Don‘t you understand that all

(groups arc-trying to overcome an image that

THEY DID NOT CREATE. 'I

May I suggest that you channel some of
your creativencss into securing a greater un:
derstanding of Indian People. rather than con-
doning such ridiculousness. Open your eyes:
Wlty is that Quad called Indian'.’ Have you
seen the clan skins in the litigroom‘.’ Do you
know their meaning‘.’ Obviously not. Whoare
the Seneca. Cayuga. Mohawk. Oneida.
'l‘uscarora. Onondaga? For you and others.
they are merely natttes ttssigticd to a slab of
concrete. The spirit of a People live in those
nantes.

Sititplc ignorance catt many times do far
tnore harm than blatant opposition. And as I
experience attd grow. I atn less able to accept
“ignorance” as air excuse for abttsc.

You‘re probably asking yourself. 'Why
itte‘l‘. It is rtot only you. btit the government.
institutions. arid people you allow to speak itt
your rtaitte. Your ntitiott. which is so
liypociitically based upon the premises of
"liberty and justice lor all." continues to stif-
loctttc pcttpics throughout the world iii the
name ol your democracy. as site has anti still
smothers tltc Indian People today. You have
tltc power to say ENOUGH! Your Watergate
and non yotir (‘lA‘s itiyo|\cmcttt in Chile. has
taught you nothing.

It hurts rite so that I must rrdopt rt totie ol
condemnation. accusation. and aggression to
make othetslistcrt. \vhcrt lam so \villingto talk
ottly of peace and brotherhrmd. Iitll tltc fact
rcrnrtitrs that the only \\or'ds yort scent to tilt-
iietsttrnd are those of \iolcnccztntl confronta<

iltlll.

IItc \\ ltrtc trmrr IIiISiII\\iI)S it led to rttakc lir-
‘IIrIIINIIIIUu(i1IIHICIII/CII‘.“ \on that \\c Irate
lcrrrncd your methods ol destruction. you call
lrS militant.

Your country l.\ beginning to seriously ex—
:rrnmc itscll rind trinity rcrilI/c that tltc
\tncr'rcan lltcam may trot he tltc best way for

A Pardoner's Tale

by Stu (irusltitt

In accordance with the current trend ol’giv-
irtg out pardons. (President Ford pardoning
Nixon. Amnesty. etc.) I have decided that
there are sortie pardorts ol nty own that I

would ﬂy: to giyc out.

- cur.

First of all. I would like to pardon Foou ...
Vicc. Not only tor the meals that they have
been serving of late (such as third generation
sttiffcd peppers). bttt also for serving pork
chops on Yom Kipptrr eve. The reason for
this pardon is iii the interest ol health and cort-
tinucd existence ol I-SA. Rumor has it that
Food Sct‘viccis dying from eating too muclt of
its own food.

Next Iwould like to pardon tltc person who
pulled the fire alartn irt Livingston 'I‘oiver the
other night. l'hc reason for this pardon is that
the facts beltittd the false alartn ltave been
revealed. It seems that as some unfortunate
person (name deleted) was walking down the
hall iii the tower. he had a sudden itttack of
pltlebitis in his leg. and had to grttb onto the
fire alarm tor support. You‘re excused this
little. but don‘t let it happen again.

Another person who I leel deserves a par-
don is Mayor Cornirtg ol’Albtiny. lie Ittts been
trying toget oft-campus students eligible to be
evicted frotntheirapartmcnts. Once again. tltc
real reason has come ottt. In a private conver-
sation with the mayor. lfound out that this ric-
tiolt was taken as it result oftlrc influence of his
subordinates. So. because it was not his fault. I
will pardon liitn. Watch out next election. Mr.

OCTOBER 1, 1974

Mayor.

the next pardoti that I Would like to make is
to the group of people on Colonial Quad who
seem to have a toilet paper fetish. and who are
continually hanging toilet paper on the trees.
Iivcryoue must get their kickssomcltow. Keep
tip the good work.

i lcci mm mm in}; been art injustiecdone'itt

Potsdam where tiic Director iii~ I‘m"! SCW'CCS
after being discovered taking borne studc‘t'il
food. has been asked to resign. iSec ASP.
lucs. Sept. 24. 5:4) This poor titan wasjust
trying to keep tip the good old Anterican
emheulcmcnt tradition. last seen at San
Clemente. | feel that he deserves a pttrdon for
this.

Lastly. I leel that President Ford deserves a
pardon tor pardoning Mr. Nixon. lie is
Worthy of the pardon because (as intended of
course) the President shook the rtation out of
the false sense of security that We Were ex-
periencing and showed ortcc again what a line
bunch of politicians the Republicans are.
Keep at it Gerry. maybe next time it will be
Rocky pardottitig you!

The .-tllralir Slut/cit! l‘rcrr I’t'd't'l‘l't'd‘ l/it’ .i'o/c

i rig/ti Io [II‘III/ or i'iIII It'lli'l's to Editor. Lellcl'x
.t/lttlI/r/ llt' /i'/u'-n'rilrt'n ornl .tuIiiiiiiIcil Io
(‘('.l.’(i IrI lie eligible for cmnr‘rlcrai/oti. Keep
those cards ttnd letters coming folk!

almost 400 treaties and ‘ag

sovereign Indian Nations w

dingiind mustbefapheld. Atrcittyts Sitcr
docttnient whose enforcement is‘up ed by f,
your constitution. It is your duty to see that .
your‘govcrnment. Whose Itth you uphold. \
support it‘s obligations to Indian People.
History has seen them all broken in‘thc name
of your Manifest Destiny and your“llfc. liber-
ty. attd pursuit of happiness.“ I 

I'he Ittdittti Way is of Peace. Respect. ttnd
llarmony. with Our Motlter Earth and All
Iler Children. This is expressed through
I'ricndsltipand disc ssion. Wehavea group of
People oit campus who are sincerely interested
irt dct cloping not only an ttttderstanding of In-
dian People. but acqttirittg a sensitivity to all
things. so that Peace and Cooperation Will he
the law Come to the Environmental Forum
(J-'A2Il<)~and involve yourselves. rather than
continually using your igrtorttttce as an excuse
lor ailing to accept that rcsportsibility you
tune for so long refused to acknowledge as
)‘Ulll‘ tI\\II.

A-Wanin-ki.
I-lal Maltnud

Neat-o DeVito

'l'o lIIt' I-Lditor:

For the past l\\tl years. Ms. Angela DeVito
has been the coordinator of Summer ()rienta-
tron: this is int minor task indeed. especially
during the summer ol l‘)73. wltcn tlterc were

by Art Buchwald:

I know no ottc will believe tttc. httt you‘re
just going to ltavc to trike my word for it. I incl
at college student the other day wlto said that
all ltc wanted ottt of life was success and finan-
cial sccut'lty.

Ilc asked me not to tisc his ttamc because he
didn‘t wattt to embarrass his parents. so I shall
call hint IIIt'ttIII.

"Ilirant." I asked Itim.‘Why did you decide
to trike this revolutionary attitude toward
society?"

"I don‘t know exactly Wltcn it happened. I
was like most ol the rest of the students. I
wanted to tear down the school. the society.
the establishment. l was just another confor-
ntist. and I never qttcstioticd wlty Iwns doing
all the things that were expected of me."

" l lien one day l tltottgltt to myself. "l'herc‘s
gm 1"; in; more to liic than gcttingitii ii'v'El‘ ii‘dﬁ
trend by the ctrps.'I iotrkcd around rnctttid saw
nothing but sheep. livery st uric-1! WHS dull”;
his thing because someone else had dottc illb
thing. and no ortc was doing or saying‘
anything new.“

“So you decided to drop out of the student
tnovement and beconte a rttilliottairc‘l“

“Not at first. But I met thisgirl. She was real-
ly way out. She wore a cashmere sweater. a
plaid skirt and she lutd on shoes and socks. I
couldn‘t believe attyonc would dress like thtit.
but [got talking to her. and she started mak-
ing sense."

"She said it wasn't enough to lock yourself
in a building and go oit a hunger strikein your
dorm. ll you really wanted to change the
world. yott had to make a lot of money. and
then people wouldn‘t tell you wltat to do."

"l'hnt‘s radical thinking." I said.

“ l'lteit she gave me it book by Prof. Horatio
Alger. arid lgtiess no book lever read has bird
more of art effect on me."

 

ALBANY. STUDENT PRESS

' en
A ion Itlicy jn‘ccdcd 'and' deiierved
rl)eVito’ spent six months planningf
orientation ctordinating‘all offices invol
in the orientation program. ,‘crealirtg 'rncvti '
procedures to facilitate easier handling of thi

work load.and treating allstudents.(staffand .1 "

new freshmen and transfers alike). with an ex-‘
treme sensitivity and openness. Asa "boss"we
always felt free to come in to her ofﬁce to dis-
cuss problems with the job. make suggestions
(which \\ ottld be seriously considered and very
often incorporated in the program). orjust to ’

relax for a few moments. ’

This really is a tremendous project and
responsibility. and we would like to see Ms.
l)cVito receive full recognition for the high
quality performattee she displayed. as coor-
dittator of Summer Orientation for I973 dc
I974.

Most Sincerely.

|)trna Wolll. .S'..>l.. .S'urmitcr ()I‘it’lllrlliull N73-
' 74

Unit Illattstcin. ()..4. I974

Sue Slictlcr. ().A. I974
Monica Dodd. Sid. I974
Nancy Koettigsbcrg. ().,l. I973
Sit/antic Rttpp. S..-t. I974

Lisa Iiattttglioli. ()..'I. I974
(iloria .lcan. S..-l. [974

Ned .lcttkins. (LI. I974
Michael I'ottl‘. ()..-I. [974
llarry Scltuar'tl. ()..-l. [973
.Itlittlllc~IIU/dtfl‘ll. . [1/73
Randi Iiadcr. (..st. I973

l);t\id llru'wit/. (2.4. [973
.l.\.tm~iult' ('uoi'rliiiti/or I974
Diana llytttatt. ()..>l. IU7-I
(iaylc Kiiibloc.  . I973
.‘I.\.\iIt‘fll/t‘ Coordinator [974
Druid Shapiro. ('..-t. [973.

‘ ()..f. 1974

Rick .\L‘\\l|1tlll.()..l. [974
Summer ()ricntation Staff from I973& I974.

Success Syndrome

'\\’asn‘t Prol. Alger the one who catnc out
lirst with the success syrtdrornc theory?“

" I hat‘s Ire. His story tloored me. I titcari a
wltolc ne\\ world opened for me. and I knew
no matter a liar the consequences were and no
matter \\ hat otltcr people thought. lwasqgoing
to uork hard and become rich arid successful.
InlIC finally took on somemeanittgfor tttc.and
Ior tltc lil'st/ titttc i felt like a free rnati.“

"What did you do then?“

"I discotcrcd through this girl that tIterc
were other students on campus who felt the
way I did not many. bttt tltcre Were enough.
So we lortncd a group called the Students for
a Successful Society‘.‘ At first we had to go utt-
dcrground. because the administration
wouldn‘t acknou ledge its as a legitimate catn-
pus organi/ation. But as more and more
students heard about its. the SSS kept grow-
ing, \I’c'tc been ebb; to radicali/c ill least 200
students who would rather be rich than do
ilrcir thing,“

"What are sortie of your activities to get
more‘ :zmnnrlvrs'?“

qu. M1.“ the 9.3;]! Street Journal on campus.
We've opened a col'lcchousi' Where you can
read brick copies ol Fortune. We have 331°“
market ticker tripe iii the back of the room.
and on neekends we have readings front the
National Assn. ol Manufacturers Bulletins.“

"Iliram. I hilt)“ this all strands great. But is
it possible that this success syndrome move-
ment is just a passing fad?"

"No. it isn't. lknoweveryonecalls us kooks
arid weirdos. but no one is going to push us
around. We‘ve already had inquiries from
other campuses that want to set up similar
chapters. and I wouldn‘t be surprised in the
next few years to see what is nowa minority
movetnettt become the strongest force in the
cottnttv. After all. nothing succeeds like
success.“

 

 

