,.
Ii

ASEEJW" t.F€3mﬂr¢~W.~e ...,M. u

t

 


i

l
?

 

 

 

 

 

” Four.,ai'eas of current controversyin' American,

society #national politicsoacupuncture. psychotherapy

and the pollution of ourenvironinentF-will bediscussed
this year ,by‘IS'chenectady‘s Freedom Forum. according
to Chairman. Roger Kambour. .  - " ' '
wA‘ nob-partisan.noh-profit organization dedibated to
informedpt‘iblic discussion of, current national issues,
Freedo m: Forum “islan attempt tobring to the communi-
ty» authoritative speakers in areas where there is'con-
troversy and difference of opinion.” Kantbour said.
During the l974-75 season. members of Freedom Forum
will hear. talks by: . V ‘
‘ ’ Henry M. Jackson. U. S. Senator from Washington
and recognized authority and leader in the ﬁelds of fuel
and energy. foreign affairs and national defense on
“Crucial Issues Facing the Nation.” October 7.

Dr. Samuel Rosen, Clinical Professor of Otology at
Mt. Sinai School of Medicine. international authority
on the treatment of deafness. member of the ﬁrst team of
American doctors to visit China ina quarterol‘a century
where he studied acupuncture methods reporting on
"Acupuncture," December 2.

Dr. Rollo May, practicing psychotherapist. author of
the best-sellers “Love and Will“ and “Power and In-
nocence" and a leader in the humanistic psychology
movement on “The Courage to Create,“ February 3.
I975.

  
 

final program devoted to “The Bleeding of Earth and the

Dr. Robert Reinow. Professor of Political Science at
SUNYA,inationally known ﬁgure in the ﬁeld of conser-
vation. author of best-seller “Moment in the Sun,“ in the

American Future,“ April l4. I975.

A unique feature of Freedom Forum, whose purpose
is to strengthen democracy by developingan enlightened
public opinion. is the active participation of the audience
in the question and answer period with the guest speaker
following each presentation.

According to Kambour. “This year‘s series of outstan-

ding speakers is due to the commendable efforts of
Freedom Forum‘s Program Committee. headed by
David Lillie.“

Entering its-3 l st year, Freedom Forum is now conduc-
ting its annual membership drive. Memberships. which
entitle holders to attend all programs in the series, are
available at $8 per adult, $l4 per couple. $I6 per family.
and $2 per student. from Membership Chairman. Ms.
Joan Breaer, 220i Rosendale Rd., Schenectady. l2309,
phone 377-I244 and at the door precedingeacli program.

Tickets to individual programs are not available.

All programs will be held at Linton High School

Auditorium. The Plant Schenectady at it pm.

 

Offer-l Exptn Sept. 28

Leather Goods

JACKETS
TERRA FIRMA SHOES & CLOGS

W ALLETS
POCKETBOOKS
BELTS

Painter’s Pants
Overalls

HIGH-STYLED FITTED
WORK STYLE

Guy’s and Girl’s
TOPS

JACKETS

JEANS

31.99 AND UP

Sweaters

CABLE KNITS & SHAWL COLLARS
HOODED TOPS

SICILIAN PANTS

Waterbeds

American

Indian Jewelry
TUROUOISE

STERLING SILVER
SCRIMSHAW

 

 

Drastically Reduced

Hathaway Retires;
Reception Today

The Ofﬁce of Residences is spon-
soring a reception to honor Mrs.
Eleanor R. Hathaway on the occu-
sion other retirement from SUNYA
after 26 years of service. The
reception will be held on Tuesday,
September 24 betWeen 3:30 and Sin
the Dutch Quadrangle Sunken Gar-
dens and U-Loungc. The University
Community iscordittlly invited.

Mrs. Hathaway received her
Bachelor ofScienccdcgrec in I934 in
Sociology. English. Speech, and
Drumtitics from Keuka College. She
taught in the public school system
lor I4 years before joining the
Education Department at SUNYA
where she received her Master of
Science degree in Guidance and Per-
sonnel in I948. At that time, she
joined the teaching .I'aeulty of the
School of Education. In I952 Mrs.
llttthttwtty joined the Student Af-
luirs Stall as the Director of
Hrttbttchcr Hull until I967 when she
moved to Dutch Quadrangle. In
I97 I. Mrs. Hathaway wasttppointcd
to the position oI'Quadranglc Coor-
dinator ol Dutch Quad until her
retirement in August I974.

00

 
    

differen-ce!!!
M!“ M:

Over 35 years
of exportation
and success

Volumlnous home .
study malarlala

Courses that are
constantly updalm

Small classes

n mocha/an cantor
open ya,
II'I'BSB “m"'."°' t
ride
Corn late I
 lwllliles to?”
mlwa of class
Le'sgonsland tor and
u srnent
materitiia my
Malta-ups tor
mlsud lessons
ll our Brooklyn
center
IIAT’I. Mill 308
TH HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES

Branches In Metro than
A Major Cltlea In .S.A. N“

.H

mm MI. “I.

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

     

  

WAS ‘ GTON(VAP)-'Nelson A. Rockefeller told Congress Monday mm
the concept his family can control the nation‘s economy through it vast. in.
terlocking financial empire is a myth.

He assured members of the Senate Rules and Administration Committcc
that his own substantial and diversiﬁed fortune will pose no conflict of in-
terest should he be conﬁrmed to be vice president. “If I had spent it lifetime of
abusing economic power, I assume I wouldn‘t be sitting here today.
Rockefeller said. ‘

H'esaid also hecannot rule out the possibility he may seek the presidency in
I976 should President Ford choose not to run.

'l'estifying at the opening of his conﬁrmation hearings, Rockefeller disclos-
cd that over the past to years he has had earnings totalling $4M million on
which he paid federal. state and local taxes totalling $2I.7 million

NEW YORK AP - Motorists shopping around for bargain gator”... m...
save up to 13 cents a gallon at competitive off-bmnd stations. tin Assot'lttlcd
Press survey shows.

“There is an abundance of gasoline right now and competititc some. .m-
being felt. especially in the independent sector." says it spokesman ltll lllL'
Service Station Association of Louisiana. Independents iii that sttttc tccctitlt
cut prices live cents a gallon to lure motorists away front the llltlltll llnmt'j
stations.

"Independent refiners who sell to the independent Siltlitlllshutc muted“
good supply ofdomestic crude this month because some major oil conipnnic.
are having to sell off some of their inventories to independents under the
federal mandatory allocation program,“ says it dettlers‘ tlssocmllotl
spokesman in I'ennessetlAl’)

“Many stations are havingti hard time selling all their montth ttllttt'dlltllh
now because drivers have cut down consumption dtte tit high pin-u. ttlltl 55
m.p.h. speed limits,“ he says.

SARATOGA SPRINGS. N.Y.-An increased number of Ctllltl‘lhtllttn “to
the chief factor in giving the Saratoga Performing Arts ('ciitci IIs lllsl
money-making season in three years.

years.

Record attendance at ballet performances, a string ol scllout lllt'illlt.‘
presentations and well-attended symphonic concerts also Itclpctl. \lllli I
Craig Htinkenson. general manager for the center.

Hankcnson said Sunday that enthusiastic contributors lielpctl tl\L'|Ctt|llt‘
an operatingdeficit and also helped put it dent in debts ttcctiuitiltitcd Itot tent

“Because of the enthusiastic support of these contributors. tic but! it let)
successful season" Ilankcnson said.

NEW YORK (AP) Sen. Jacob K. Javits. R-N.Y.. said 'I littrstluj llt'L'\pt.'Cl\
to spend SI million on his re-elcction campaign. most til it on tt-lcioiuit

Javits said it will be “tough“ to raise it million this ycttr. C\t‘ll though it".
only 40 per cent of what he spent in I968. when be defeated Dciiioctnt l'ttlll
()‘Dwyer tind Conservative James Buckley.

His Democratic opponent this year. former U.S. Atty tit-n, Rtllllst‘)
Clark. has limited individual contributions to his campaign loblllll l|t~ itwtl
no television ads in the primary campaign, and has sttid llL‘ may not ttwtnn
before the November election.

‘Jtlvlls said Clark was making ttio ntuch of the contribution lttttit. \\ lllt'll Itr
stud was “not itt proportiomorin perspective,orgcrmttne"to tlit-ctttnptitut

Ilte three-term senator sttid he had to use television to gut lllN int-toil“
across bccttusc he is required to spend much of his little in \\it~lllllL‘lUll

\‘I’ASIIING'I'ONlAI’J- lly removing himself from the Ill/(i jllL'SltlL'llll-ll
race. Sett. Edward M. Ketinedy has opened the way to .t hiontlrnrtl
Democratic held.

I lie action also brings relief to those fearful ofthe Ct)llll'll\t_‘l\) illltl lluml
"' tragedy that would have surrounded his candidacy. Ihc ntmt lllllllt'tll-llt'
political bcnclicittrics of his decision, whose titntng tins pctlntp~ molt in"
prising than its contents, are the other Democrats who litttt- cllllt'l ht‘L‘Hll‘”
llllYL‘th‘L'll contemplating 19% presidential bids.

Minnesota Sen. Wnltcr I". Mondttlc‘s potential t‘itlltlltlllL'L Int Holle-
htis bectt overshadowed by the possibility it Kennedy ctiitdttlntt IlllL‘lll \ttl‘t'
otil much potential liberttl support.

Sen. llctiry M. Jackson of Washington faced the httSlL' li.itit|t..ipth.tt . ..n
potcnttttl backers lcarcd Iic would be unable to win the 1)L'Illtlt’|.tltt two to
ttttti from Kennedy.

Molldttlcttnd Jackson ntuy bethe closest things to Irttnttttutn-ont tlxtwtl
I)" "Ida-"5W9 “age. Iiut Kennedy‘s decision SCclllb. II lltlllllltL‘ tbt'. I“
llllill'tlnlcc it lottg list ofentrantsnnd to increase the CililllL'L‘\ oi .l .ttntllttttol
convention

'llltl llllt'\\'~» pt. -..-.I oll

 

('IIOHIMA Ilt)Nl)UItAS(AI’l—lltt/zttrds. dog
llotttlttrtiits on Monday its emergency tennis. thict' lttccs tinnkt-tl .t.-tl“" ““
stench of dettlll. disposed of corpses from Hurricane I tlt

()ll'icittls estimated 5.000 to 0,000 bodies have been burnt-ti tit l‘llllt‘tl in
Navel." “Pldcmics. and they said tlte death toll could double III on. til t t-nnn
America's worst disasters.

Il’lilllcltlttds ol emergency supplies from Cuba. the ttnnctl min ( t'tlt'
R tctt. Mctttco. Venezuela. til Stilvttdor ttiid (iittttctnttla were illlll nil! "" "W"
lhtin lllll.llll0 homeless llondtu‘ttns.

Another 50,000 llondurttns were isoltttcd, nittuy clinging tU “W -”“' “"n‘

2t alum Aitt. daemons t. b . . . . .
all. 212 SIG-um ’1'." u " “llltlltlge of helicoptersttnd I'uel delttycd their rescue.ottttinlmitd
m.   m '. “"1 'tmtlm-orro ‘ M :Lffondl'r‘m lil‘lurllc'lcy Relief Committee Sillti the lllllllt‘tlllt'. “inch
0 miretll'lllntllhﬂrut . Ilrlucksshlughgilny Wu“ huuvy mill-5' Ilnd winds up to I30 [titles itll lltilIlJ'tlll‘“I
MW.N-V.ttm . ‘ “"5 t I ioniiidttmtt c tindtlcst' ' ‘ "‘”‘
.to ' 9 ' “ll tltltth.tti.tn.tt l
.QOOOOOOOOIQQO. the country’s cltlef export g V y“! 0 P“ w t

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

/
SEPTEMBER 24, 1974

 

 

' by vtiin'y‘aeit. "'

By’ February l.»l975. the Search
Committee for a new Dean of the
College of Arts and Sciences will be
presenting its ﬁnal recommendation
to SUNYA President Louis T.
Benezet.

Appointed by Vice-President
Phillip Sirotkin. the committee has
been requested to recommend a pan-
el of at least three candidates.

Whether or not those recommended ,

will want the position of Dean is
another question. One of last
spring‘s nominees backed out of the
ﬁnals.

The other candidate. Morton
Kaplan of the City University of
New York. was not accepted by
Benezet. Robert McFarland. now on
loan. from the Department‘ of
Graduate Studies to the College of
Arts and Sciences and a member of
last year‘s and this year‘s com-
mittees. defends last spring‘sefl'orts.

A Superb Job. But No Dean

“Last year's Search Committee
did a superb job in my opinion of
weighing each candidate‘s resumes
thoroughly. and then deciding oit the
two recommendations,“ states Mc-

_ Farland. ‘ﬁt don

this. year‘s "com _ a
come up with at lea‘tit three can-

_didatcsably qualiﬁed for thejob,“ he

adds. Even so.the committeedid not
ﬁnd a successor to I. Moyer
Hunsberger, the previous dean of

‘ Arts and Sciences.

Joseph Zimmerman of the
Political Science Department thinks
thejob ofseitrching out an ideal dean
is much more frustrating today than
it was. “Compared to 20 or 25 years
ago.“ he points out. "there are many
more administrative and budgetary
responsibilities inherent in the office.

“'l'raditionully at major univer-
sities, the deanships are not only
skilled administrators. but recogniz-
ed scholars in their major fields.
Because we here at S U NY A consider
ourselves such a major university. we
are ideally looking for a leading
scholar and teacher to fillthis post."

Zimmerman knows from personal
experience. however. that time does
not exist for one man to fulfill the
roles of teacher. scholar and tid-
ministrtttor.

" The Dean of Arts ttnd Sciences.“
Zimmerman goes on. “will have

much less time to ev te to teaching;
researching. and writing than I’d

can appreciate that if a man isa well-
known educator, and enjoys that
work. he would be reluctant to take
such a post. Yet these very qualities
of scholarship are what we look for,
and this paradox will make ourjob
on the committee that much more
difficult.“ '

Scholar
mlnlstrator

Teacher. AND Ad-

Zimmerman staunchly refuses to
be pessimistic. however and he
states. “I refuse to rule out the
possibility that we will eventually
have a dean of administrative
capability and scholarship. You
never know-people get to a certain
point as educators at times. and then
wish to see if they can move up to
something else. Hopefully we will
ﬁnd one such person.“

Douglas Alexander of the French
Department. sees the major obstacle
for the committee as one of deﬁning

the role of “Dean of Arts and
Sciences.“ After Hunsberger's
departure, the Administration

decided tbttt Associate Deans of the

Probe and OCSC Aid Students

by. Stuart Simon

L't'ittcttl investigatth seniccs Iot'
titi-cttinptts students ntid free legal
advice lot oll-cttntptts students are
the roots ol two new SA groups.

I't'ojcct I’robc nod tltc ()l'l-
t'ttiitptis (‘o-oplUCSUon newly
proposed groups. should protidc tt
wide range ol seniccs tor SUNYA

sllltlcllls. Silltl SA President I’ttt
l’ttrruti.
I'l'tl_|t.‘t.'l I’rohc ts designed ttt

opcrutc like an oti—cnnipus I'IR(i.

 

t:\|lltllllt.‘tl Curran. Ihc tittt\cisity
book \Itltt: prtccs. campus lood scr-
\ lt‘tIS. and campus heullh cu re nrc bttt
it too possible urctts til lll\CSllg;llltlll
suggested by the SA lcndct.

\Vlttlt- I'rojcct I’tobctstlcsignctl to
deal \\‘Illl pttihlctns ol oit—cnntpns
\ltltlt‘lllb, ()(‘SC is cit\isioncd its
itidtttg oll-cuttiptts residents,

()t‘St' wants to orgtini/c titid
piovidc services tti oll-ctittipns
students. Work Ittts already begun
oti social programming for oft»
campus students. and creating it law
committee to advise studciitsol'tltcir
rights its tenants. OCSC is also cott-
sidering starting ll food co-op.

SEPTEMBER 24, 1974

Ilttth l’rojcct l’robctitid ()CSC are
not yet ollictttlly established. Central
Council is concerned tltnt these
ttgcttctcs \\ ill trttttslcr many of their
ptl\\cl'.\ lllltl responsibilities to the ex-
ccttttyc branch of SA.

However, Student Association
ltctttl (.‘urrttn has appointed acting
directors tti these ttgcttcics ttnd
groups time already
members and initiated

\U\clttl
recruited
programs.

A tiiuttt gottl of ()(‘SC is sturtittgtt
housing exchange system tltut will
enable prospective till-campus
d \vellcrs to tnorc CttSil)‘ find
tlj‘lttl'llllClllS. ()t'SC plans to develop
tttid intitnlntn ti lile system with the
lltllllL‘S and :tddresscs lll students
\tlio plain to vacate thcti dwellings.
Intcrcstcd students could contact
these people and get an honest
cittlttntton and description of the
apartment. Ilopclttll). this system
could SlI\C people \iccks lll loctttittg
dccctit housing.

As it long range objectne ()L'SL'
wants to increase the tlllltlulll ol dc-
t‘clll dwellings Itll' students. I’osstblc
strategies include long term lensing.
SllllS verses landlords who dis-
crtnitntite ugtiinst students. ttrbnn
hotitcstettdtng and the bnildittg ol
lltllllL'S by it tion-profit student cor-
pol‘tllltltt.

()t 'St' was L‘Il\ istotictl its orgttnil-
tug stttdcuts ttgntnst ilL'lltlllS such llS
llllll-SllltlL‘lll It.‘\lS)tlll til the Albtttty
Ilottsing ()ltllllilllCL'. Iltitortttnttlcly.
()CSC hasn‘t httd time to organize
students. tior ctiltitnlcd many cont-
titttntty contacts: I‘L‘Sllllitllll). ()CSC
lttt». played ttti advisory role ill the
crisis. deterring to the executive ol-
ticct's ol S.A.

Ilte itlctt lot on oft-campus
sltttlctlls cit-op originated with I'ttl
('ttt'rtitt Inst ycnt during the cunt-
ptttgtt Ior Student Association Presi-
dent. (‘ut'rnti lelt there was it need
lot some orgtttti/cd off-cutttpus stu—
dcul group to better off-campus liv-
tug ttrrttngctnents through botli
social planning ttttd information ser-
vtccs. _

This year, Curran planned to
mobilize off-campus students ifCor-

tiing signed the now infamous hous-
tttg hill. Students would have
boycotted local merchants iii an cf-
lort to win their support iii the light
to repeal the measure.

< various, sitar... within the College

of Arts and Sciences were actually;
acting as adminiStrators, and-were

raised to division} deans. They had
many of the administrative respon-
sibilities which were included in the
Arts and Sciences Dean‘s job.

         
    
 

The l-deIn-tlty Crlsis

“In essence.” says Alexander, “the
Deans of Arts and Sciences now
assume many of the functions of the
old ‘super-dean‘. Certainly anyone
worthy of being considered by this
committee. as I see it. would ques-
tion as as to what his or herduties ac-
tually entail at this point in time. Is
he now a coordinator, is ligarehead.
or what'.’ If a person didn't ask these
questions, I couldn‘t consider him."

“The College of Arts and Sciences
comprises about llS percent of the
University community. If his duties
are now distributed. thercarc people
who would ask the question as to
wltctlier we need it Dean of Arts and
Sciences at all. Others say that there
should be sortie forth of a central
control. At this point, I simply
wonder \I ‘ittl you call it rose. if you
tio lotiget call it it rose."

()‘Neil judges Alexander‘s coin—
‘utents as “absolutely accurate. It‘s at,
new btill game. even front the
ttiectittgs win the committee had
this summer. Rules laid out by the
titiioit which represents SUNY ad-
ministrators ttnd lttculty will tiow be
laying ottt the guidelines I‘ot'the post.
Because ol litany changes yet to be
instituted. the tittturc of tlte job can-
itot bc pinned'down tit this time."

  

O’Neil does envisi

new‘De‘an howev r. I _ I
the university entering a critical
period. “The Chemistry Ph.D. ,, V
program" is being phased t now.
'Ilte State Department of tic-ti ’,
has put the progra‘ on'probatlon’
for three years. seemineg with the .
intention ol'dropping it at that time.
A trend of this kind may be in the
making here which could threaten
our claim to be called ,‘university’.

v ‘Also. through an agreement
between SDI-L and the union. tenure
may be removed from faculty
members of such'l’hD. programs
tiredropped. The new dean will have
to‘l‘ace this situation upon assuming
the post." '

A big problem will be the memory
of the previous dean. “In this post-
Watergttte time." says Alexander.
“we httvc a responsibility to over—
come the notion that there is some
administrative plot to undermine the
people in every situation. The
pressure on us is compounded
because of the actions of the
previous dctin. We have it ghost of
Arts and Science over our heads
even though Itc has been gone for
two years.“

Alexander also points out the
failure of the lust committee. “The
student body must feel frustration. it'
not resentment. with a group that
can‘t get its recommendation
through. that committee was dis-
solved rightly lor not being responsi-
ble to the university community at
large. tttid ttow it new one has been
set tip to see if they can achieve more
success."

Demonstrators Remember Attica

by Dana “olfl'
.ind llowie Shurl’stein

“Ford. Rocky, You better start
shaking! t

I odtty‘s pig is tomorrow‘s bacon!"

“the people utiitcd will never be
delctttcd!“

lhesc and other chants echoed off
the walls of the Erie County Holding
House in Ilulfttlo, N.Y.. where fif-
tccn ol the indicted Attica Ilrotliers
are being held.

Over three thousand people cott-
\ ct'gcd on N ittgurtt Sqttn re Saturday,
September I4. to remind New
Yorkers that this was the third tin-
tiive '. ry of the slaying ol'43 persons
at Attica. It} ol whom' were inmates

 

 

trying to drtitnttti/e the inhuman liv-
ing conditions of the prison.

the Attica Brothers Legal
Dclcnse (ABLD) brought iit
demonstrators from parts of New
York. as well as many major
Northeastern cities. The attentive.
racially-mixed crowd listened to
speeches by many political and
social figures including Bliflltltl
llSSL‘lllhlylllilll Arthur Eve who is fill
outspoken critic ol Rockefeller; Dr.
l'lc)’\\’ltl‘ti Ilttrns (the legal coor-
dinator for the ABLD) who summed
tip the theme of the demonstration
with the cry “Attica means fight
back!" _

Ilurns proclaimed the rally as a
memorial for those who gave their

  
     

 
   
 
    
  

  

' l in,
ii ‘

flit
tilt

$

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS.

lives iii the uprising to defend the
basic human rights of inmates.
“Organizing rather than mourning,
would be it more lilting tribute for
those who gave their lives in I) yard."
lie dcclttrcd.

Reverend Ms. Strohlc Smith.
mother of Attica dcl‘cndcnt Bernard
Stroble (who faces at life sentence for
tnttrdcr, kidnapping. coercion. and
utilttwlul llllpl'lStllllllcllll: exhorted
the crowd with ltcr appeal "to seize
the tittic and change this nation not
with words but with blood." The
"light with blood“ she declared was
tnorc ll state of titittd than a violent
struggle.

Angela Davis ttll‘tllyh‘d some of
the national problems that caused
Attica. ttnd that todtty iinprisons
litany of the llltick lenders. Sltc also
cnipltttsi/cd the need for unity in
combittling the injustices of the
American judicial system. coin-
puring the "country clttb prisons
where Dean. and Iihrlichinun. and
llttltlciitttn play tennis" to the
prisons “where all our sisters and
brothers are sut'lcriiig for till oftis.“

l~'ittttlly. l‘rnnk “llig Illttck"Stnith.
shot and bent iii the Attica prison
lll’L‘ll known its "D yttrd." said lltc At-
ticti Brothers are not seeking
tokenism. htit demand "liberation
Itir themselves. tttid pcople‘sjusticc
Ior Rockefeller. ()swnld. and the
Stttte troopers who cottttnitlcd the
heinous crimes of Septctnber I3.
I‘)7l.“

Ilig llltick and the other speakers
led the demonstrators on a march to
the lit'ie County Holding House.
where l5 of the Attictt inmates now
live.

PAGE THREE

«(4,

 

   

  

  

 

 

