 

. _ . no
' V ‘ ‘ll, dark house. BeIOW the light,,a heavy,
- . ' odlltetent worlds. Those who transgressed beyond
' ,thecloseddoorjlved daily nigh. ares, r soit is thought by some.
r ‘ ttin' his 7 neWspaper, aside, V’Rutus unorossed his legs and; stood. rte was
r. A rather it but when he‘stretched as he was doing nowiWith'his arms over his
r head, reaching upward as it to pull the'heavens doviin, opening‘his‘ hands and
A spreading 'h‘is lingers to reveal the dirt beneath his nails, stretching his body up,
histnuscles taut, growing larger, taller, bigger, he became monstrous to the cat.
sitting at the tool at the solo. The cat looked upward at the man’s red hairand- then
'tesumed pawing and playing with “a loose threaddanglinglrom Lucy's knitting.
, "1 think l'lt stir up the tire," Rutus announced. -

'Lucy was bent over her needles. She had been working on that blanket tor a
number ot years but was having ditticulty completing the new and unique
pattern whiCh she, herselt, had designed. ' - - ' ' i

'l'urning lrorn her, Rulus shuttled trom the sota to the tire, his teet sliding toward
in his shoes. He opened'the charred screen and exa mined his tirenltappeared to
be dyittg. With a poker, Rutus tabbed the darkened logs as the flames jumped
tl’QItt licks to leaps. His tace glowing, Rutus watched peacetully the flames con-
suming the wood.

‘tJrat, ldropped another stitch. Between this black wool and this pattem—oh
now, let me see," Lucy said bringing the pointed needle closer to her eyes while
tucking the cat away lorm her teet. She drew the unfinished blanket up into her
hip.  tin—there's that stitch, OK—now, were you saying something?"

'Uli,‘uh  Oh wait, Luc, what about tonight? Are we all set?"

Yes dear, t've taken care ot everything. iiust hope nothing unusual happens
this year." . 
‘ tJon‘t worry, Luc. Don't worry."

:&"

' "‘é’ttidll gun.

‘ minis ’
til 

tr

mi,“
/ l

A year ago, the night had been a calmone. Itwas cloudy but warm.
made their way trom door to door, they approached each house with a sense ot
excitement and mystery. They knew they would hear the bell ring. They knew a
stranger would appear betore them, and they would have to chant “Trick or
treat!" They knew the stranger would lower a plate to show them what they were
receiving. But not.untr'l the moment of acceptance, the moment when something
good was lowered into their opened bags, the moment when they had tor their
own that which the stranger had, only then were they without tear. As the
stranger dispppepred into the lights at the house, the children would turn and
mn, happyfé'xcited and ready to try this innocent ceremony atanother house.
Lucy and Hutus Adams were receiving children at their home that night. When
the doorbell rang, Lucy with her bowl of apples ran to answer the door as Rutus
got his Polaroid camera ready. Early in the evening, the smaller children with
store-bought costumesot plastic masks and capes, bright in color, came shyly to
their door. Lucy pushed the door open and pulled the children in. The trick-or-
treaters only escaped atter each child exposed his real lace hidden by the un-
natural cover. Rutus snapped a picture, and the children crept away with an im-
perlect apple in each at their bags and an uneasy feeling in their stomachs. Alter
the door shut them in again, Lucy and Rutus examined the snapshots. They
always laughedlor the back of Lucy's head was in every picture. Her dark hair
streaked with grey was pulled back andclasped up ott her neck. Beyond the dark
sphere ot her head, white, small, irtghtened laced looked up, questioning.
Later in the evening, the older kids approached the small, dark house. Outlits ot
patched pants, Worn shirts, and torn coats, allmuch too large tor the trail bodies
which lugged them around, served as costumes tor the hoboes and clowmt who
appeared at the had lront door. They were without visible masks, a low having
charcoal smudges, or the markmgpuol the stolen cosmetics taken lrorn Mom's
drawers to hide behind. ; ' ‘ ’  r '

PAGE 8P

ALBANYVSTUDENT PRESS

Lucy and Rutus were particularly delighted when one large ghost brought
along his younger sister dressed as an angel. The little girl was extre mely plain
and wore a binding, old, white dress, probably passed down trom an older sister
who already made her tirstCommuni'onThe girl's halo was ot cardboard, colored
yellow, and pipe cleaners and kept drooping. But Rutus insisted on taking thrce
pictures ol her, anyway. The impatient brother started to pull his sister out ol the
house but not betore Lucy slipped two apples into the girl's bag. The girl
mumbled "Thank you." - I

As the night wore on, lewer and lewer kids came to the house until brieﬂy, the
street were‘completely empty. Lucy and Rutus were looking over the pretty
smiles ot the children in their pictures one last time. it was almost midnight, when
the doorbell rang. Lucy looked at Rutus. I

"it's kind ol late tor kids to be out trick-or-treating'?" she said.

Hulus shrugged his shoulders. "Don’t answer it then."

"Oh no, l wo ldn't‘ want anyone to miss out," she said carrying her bowl ot
ripples to the door. There were still quite a tew apples lett.

Lucy pushed open the door to tace the back ol a tall boy.

"May l-—" She didn't complete her ‘question tor the boy turned. He pushed her
into the house and yanked the door closed. it slammed shut behind him. Once,
inside, he nervously spotted the now-awakening cat and then, Hutus. Lucy plat;
eat her bowl down as Rutus started to stand but Willie pulled out cl his pocket (t

_"Sil down," he snapped. uHere, you too, sitdown." He grabbed Lucy's arm and

,l'ihdtf'shovéd her towards the sole.

Unaware ol any threat, Su Fur, the cat, stretched lirst its lront limits, pushing

_ugainst the lloor and extending outward. lt rocked lorwurd, straightening its hind

limbs, stretching out and purring the whole while.
Willie spun around. He wasn't alraid oi cats but this one was making him iter-
..vous. ()n the sole, Lucy was releasing her hair, letting it tall down while Hulus
stored Lll Willie. 'l'he'kid looked like he was sixteen or seventeen. He th3 tall but
'.l\Vll.llly thin. Good complexion, nice teeth. Yes, real nice rrioulh.
Now, don't make Cl move'either one ol you." Willie was lacing lho solo (lertllt.
He was trying to ignore the cal. "lest tell me where the 'l‘.V. is." ‘
Lucy answered, "We'don't own one.”
“You don't got one! Christ, jest my luck! What about a stereo or ct radioz'
SilVerworc? What about money? Yeh, you must have some cash slashed oround

sortiewhcrc."

t'lie.cot was now crying. , .

"Hurry up now -—whcrc's your money?“ thl was starting to shake.

Hutus went to reach tor his wallet.

'Hcy. Stop! What do ya think ya doin'?"

.. ’ery, l'm just getting my wallet Olll so i cart give you some money."

"Watt, 1 don't trust ya. l'll git it mysell." Willie approached the couch but
stopped dead when the cat cased itsell over to Hutus and rubbed its back against
his legs. Attera short pause, Willie composed hiirtselt and said, "You, lady, hand
me his wallet."

Lucy's hand dipped into a dark pocket and emerged again, her lingers curved
ttround the wallet. She handed it to Willie. He ripped the billsout and dropped the
wallet on the tloor. The cat looked up. Will counted the bills.

"l'wenty»lour dollars~is that all you've got?” ‘ ,

He looked‘al the cat. The cat had human eyes. "Hey, listen, you-two. Where's
the rest ol the money?" He was pleading while still staring at the cat.

Lucy was twisting a long strand 0t dark hairand letting it tlow and run between
her lingers. lt curled around and slipped through, unwinding as her linger kept
moving.

Willie shuddered. He Saw a snake in her hand. No, it was just her hair. His eyes
darted back and lorth between the snake-like hair and the human-like cat. The
cat was getting mad. its reddish lur was starting to stand.

Willie heard Lucy's voice; "Young man, we don’thave any more money. I had
to spend some yesterday to buy lood. See these beautilul, red apples. Well, I
bought them yesterday."

Willie tilted an apple. Whispering, he cried. "You guys better come up with
something last. l'm not leavtng this damn house with test a damn old apple. Ya,
get me?"

The cat was getting ready to pounce. Slowly, it was moving its thighs waiting lor
the proper time to spring. Willie pointed his gun at the cat. He squinted at it but
then tilted the apple to hismouth. He had to bite the apple. He bit it, and the apple
bit back shooting a razor blade into his tongue and upper mouth. Willie dropped
his gun. Both ot his hands tlew up to the red apple and the bleeding red mouth.

it

but that was last year, and now with the doorbell ringing, Rutus was smiling at
Lucy, chy was carrying her bowl oi imperfect apples to the door, and Su Fur was
purring.  ‘ “

OCTOBER 29,1974-

lt’

 To Know

To tII

Judith Wcittstcin; it

Oct. 22. rtskctl J‘thn we elected Student
‘ Association ol'l‘tccrs did win cssciicc vote it

politiciil pttl‘ty‘llltti ofﬁce?“
No. but wlirtt you did do. i hclicvu. wrts clcct
pcoplc to t'cprcscnt your intcrchls its it stuttcitt.
ltirt‘s Wllttl I try my drtmtttlcst to (to.
L | [H'l‘AUIItI/lll' cntlorscd Cttrcy tttttl Krupxitk

:yliuctttlsc thc ctirr'citt RL‘ptlhllL‘tlll itdittinistrrr-

ion. iii my opinion. will do it lot ol' burnt to

‘StINY sttrdcttls. it hits hccn stiid tltttt (tor.

Wilson \trnits totlottblc SU NY tuition. illt(l Iic

' istimttihcd to studcrits voting in tltcti' cttllcgc

rttltttlltlllllth. Also. thc ltcpublictiit lcgihltlllll‘t.‘
lot Ilic pusl llll'Cc)t:ttt‘5 tltrtt l‘vu hccn itcrc lltlh
continuously btttlgcrcd student govcrnmciits
Ill tllL‘tl‘ itllL‘lliPlh to support ttctlvllics throuin

. ltllllltlttltll’) tri.\.

_-\ hillthlll lczitlcr should do whrtt hltc. hc cam
in sllppttil hllltlUlll inlcrcstx. Whirl cxitctly is in
Ilic \ltttlclll Intcrcst is ol'tcn o subjcctivc
IlltlllL'I. lttit l Iccl it‘s important tltrtt I trikc
.xnnic krntl oi strititl. xtt‘cssing than it is not tltc
\tcu til it” students. tliy tltc wary. at rcccnt cirru-
pus poll .\liti\\L‘(l 77‘ i ol'thc student body on: in
support oi t'nrcy Krnpsrtk).

this It iuilc tor mc to intnouncc m) clllltil‘st:~
iticrtt timing the qucstiott-rinswcr pci'iott witlt
ltcpuhlrcrrn crrruliilttti: Rttlplt ('uso‘.’ tsrnccr'cly
tltiutkctl hrrit lot' coming. ttllLl irt ittlorntmghun
ol Ill) L'lttlttl'hcltlcltl lsitnply hilltl. “I wont you
In lit‘ lllt: lust to know"

l’itt L‘urr'tm. til‘ChltlL'llt
Sttitlcnt [\ssttcirttton

False Rumors

To the Editor:

“I have absolutely no intention of raising
tuition tit Stutc Universities.“ said Governor
Malcolm, Wilson in it rcccnt letter to Ray
Glass. Legislative Director at the Sttttc
Association of State Universities. This state-
mcnt should wipe out the false rumor that
Governor Wilson wants to raise tuition by 100
per cent.

Judith l. Wcinsteln

TAPping For More

to Ilit‘ liditor:

Sincc school is now in session illtLl your
iiuwspiipcr is rtgttiit ttcing witlcly rcrid. l Win“
In itnikc known my appreciation to till the
tltrdcrtts who participated tit tttc (lCVL‘ltirtliltll
“"d Pitthttgc ol the 'I uitiort Assislttitcc
l'l"ftll';ritt. lhc vittil coitccrn cxltibitcd iri this
lcglﬁltltltttt by students throughout ihc Stritc
tritprcstcd me in being ttit cxrtmplc ot'jtutilrcd
tcll4iitlcrcst in it progrinn \vhiclt. il’ prtsscd.

. “'“UItl lirtt'c litr-i‘cttcltittg cl’l'ccts on their lives

“lid tltcit' litmilics': however. it was morc thttn
lltilt. ll wan. also at willingdittloguc which ciut
illttl should occur between tcgislritors and
mum“ l “m tll‘titcl'ul to everyone who took
Pint in thin ditlloguc,

. “‘c stlccl Cmttmlttcc on l'ligltcr t’rtricii-
tutti. itlncli originated 'I'Al’. hopes to hold

Octottttszs, 1974

ml lici tugs curly itcxt )t

solicit suggestions for improvingthc 'l‘uitiorr

Axsisttittcc I’t'ogrrntt. I feel thtttti program as r

corttplclx its this must constantly betelincd to
ttttttttttttti its ctt'cctivcncss. 'I'ltc ttcrtring’s'will be
publicly ttnnottttccd tmd your prti'ticiptttion
\tottltl lit: rnorc tltttn wclcotttc. llchvcr.
shoultt you wish to contith us sooncr. plcttse
cornntttni ‘lttL‘ your idcits. contphtiitts tutti
suggestions to lltc '
Select Committee on Higher Education
Room 842
Legislativc Office Building
Albany. New York r2224

l'ct'ct' .l. L'tihligttlt. Clttiirittrtn

The Guilt . . .

To the Editor:

- l'lic rtrticlc itppcttrlltg irt ltlst 'l'trcsdtty‘s ASI’
rtbout thc Ombudsman wrts irtttccurtttc. it
stittcd than I \\‘ll§ not involved with tiny SA
groups. At the time ot'thc intcrvicw. it is true
tltrtt I was thinking ol‘rcaignirtg l'rontttllot the
SA. groups I was working for (Jewish
Students Coalition tliltl Alhttny Strtlc
Cirtcmri). llowcvcr. l tlccidcti ttgttinst doing so
during thc Iollowiitg \vcck.

Ilic othcr inticcurricics ol' tltc tir'ticlc rtrc iii-
sigrtilicont now hccrtusc lttSl chncsdtty night
Cciitrut (‘ouncrl did not gct tltc two-thirds
\otc Itcctlctl to trpprotc my appointment. The
Comic” buscrl its decision on the ncgrttivc
rccontmcnttrrtioit of tire Appointmcnts
Rcticwing Committee. This committee turd
tllt.‘ r'csponsibility ot investigating ttty
qtuitrliczttioits its Ombudsman. lt rcccivcd uri-
ltttortthlc lcctthitck from pcr'sons within tltc
groups l‘\c hccn tissocirttctl with HSC tllid
[\SL').

lltc liircctot of AS(' irtt’ormcd thc (‘om- ;

rrtittcc oi lict' low opinion ol my work ttlld
cltur'uctcr. ldcnicd ttllot lltc ttllcgotions rttrttlc
ontl cxplitincd to tthouncil tlttit thc Director
unit I ll£l\L‘ hztd pcrsonttl dil't'cr'cnccs which in
my opinion involved it brisic misunderstan-
tlrng bctwccn thc two 01' us. i would like to
know why thc (‘ontmittcc did not attempt to
stiltslttltliulc the information it rcccivcd. it it
l'tiltl. it would hrtvc rcrtli/cd that the problem
was onc of it pcrsonrtlity conﬂict between the
Director rind mysclll Why did the Committee
not mention tttc positive comments one of its
mcntbcrs (l’rtt Connolly) rcccivcd front rt
dil'l'crcnt mcmhcr ol~ ASC'.’ Why didn't the
Committcc tlppl‘oilcll other mcntbcrs of ASC'.’
Wlty was the Director trot itskcd to appear
hct'orc Council'.’

t'hc Committee also received an
anonymous phttnc cttll from tin ullcgcd
mcmhcr ol .ISC. lWilS omitted to scc both the
(‘otnmittcc rnid Council weigh an anonymous
pttonc crillrtgriirtst mc;cspccirtllyin tight ol'thc
Irict tlitll tlic (‘ommittcc received it l‘ttvorttblc
rccornnicndzttion from the l’r'csitlcnl ol' the
JSC. which wtlh in total opposition to tltc
rccornntcntizttion of /\SL".\ Director.

It tlic Commrttcc “its so conccrnctt itbtilll
tltc rtnonyitinns phonc cull. why didn‘t it con-
lttCl tltc Actrtttrcs Director til .ISC. otltcr
mcmhcrs ot ll.\ lixccutitc liotrrd. or my co-
ctlitor' ol tltc .lSC tht‘hlcltcr'.’ \\'hcit S./\.
l’l‘cnldctil I’zit ('ui't'rm rirlorrncrt thc t'ouncil ot
thc gootl job I hurt hccit doing. |.cw liiirr.
('hrtii‘mirn ol the .‘\ppnrmmcnl.s ttcticwing
('ommrttcc itlitl '\llLl) (ittltlﬂclttJl incrtibcr ol’
thc committcc alttlctl tlntt ctcn though i might
Ittrtctioncuctl up tillnou. it didn‘t rncirn llitlll
would contmuc to do \ti. lhcy curt \li) tlittl
rthotrt ttrtthotlt »\.\ :rctrng ()Ittlitltlhlitttlt for
tour \tL'L'lu. my xtzil'l unit I tlltl rt donut gootl
_]t)l‘|.

l lccl thin the Apptilnltttcnlh Rcyicwing
(‘omrmttcc rinil Ccntrirl ('ourtcrl ilt'C hotlt
grossly guilty ol inrtktng ti poorly or'gttni/cd
tintl hrtphii/rtrtl rm cstigittioit. 'l he ('ommittcc
conccntrrttcd on thc hurl rccorttincrrdrttinns it
I'cccncd tltltl did not rittcmpi to pcrtorm its
lush rti ti ltlll' rttttl just rtirtniicr. During llic
Inccting lust \VCdllChLlil)‘ it tcw Council
opinion thrtt Council is
litrt doesn‘t Council
justicc‘.’

rncnihcrs ol'l'crctl tltc
not it court ol lint. lttgi'cc.
hclict'c irt It» I‘Uhlitllislltlllt) to pr’otrdc
is it not no. col tlu: critciril inipot‘titncc in be-
ing on thorough its possihlc when conducting
II' .rtron'.’ Since lliitl mccttng. ccrtrtitt

.. .. tltt‘llll‘tL‘lh httvc told the tltrtttltcythink
this thing tins ticcn tttkcn too seriously. How

can thc) any that what it person‘s character

Ittmmput it lhltt.

 

‘hitd personality clashes.

As t'or my ussocia ' 'with ASC.  l‘cetthat I,”

I’ltuy'cﬂnvo‘ ho‘ice Vbu‘ to sever it. lfhold no
grudges against the DirectOrand I rcripect her
right to voice her opinion although I seriously
question hcrjudgement'in this instance. '

I httvc been a member of ASC lot over it
ycrtr r.nd httvc enjoyed working with its
members. ldccpty regret that lwill not benblc
to continue to do so in the l'uturc.

i wishyou till the very best. .

v Jtty Miller

. . . The Apathy

To the Editor: ,

" . . . I didn't know lllL‘ll that you wcrc in-
volved with thrtt . . . "  _

l.cw Burr. chairperson ot'thc Appdlntmcnts
Rcvicw Commitlcc suid tlutt to me when I tip-
proitchcd hint about the mcctingltcld concur-
tiiitg tttc appointment ot' .ltty Millcr its Om-
budsman. I aim the co-cditor ol' the JSC
ncwslcttcr mentioned in Friday‘s ASI’
cditoriul and I wasn‘t upprortchcd in reference
to Joy Mitlcr which l t'ccl was httslctllly duc to
llptltlly on the part ot' the entire Ccntrrtl Cortn-
cil. Nobody seems to give it drtnin about the
ttcccssity of it position such its Ombudsman;
the people involved only cure ttbout kccping
symputltizcrs with Pat Currrtn out. They
succeeded by prcscitting whttt thcy wanted to.
mccting with littlc rcsistttncc by the rust ot' the
Council.

Since I wasn't asked for my opinion ot' Jtly
Millcr bcl'orc the vote. it may seem irrelevant
to Sltltt.‘ it now but not only is int important
position being questioned. so is sorncbody‘s
cltttriictcr. l‘m oncot'thc few people who know
.lity both its it pcrson tuid tts it co-workcr. ttlid
by not questioning inc. tttc comntittcc
ritcmhcrs did themselves. my co-cditor. tutti
students who might ttccd tttc tilt] of the Orti-
btrtlxmitn rtt rtnytimc httrm. ltt all right tlltd
r'ciison. both the position of Ombudsman tuid
tltc candidacy of Jtl)’ Millcr should be given
ttlttitl'lcl' chiuicc. this tiriic with tl litllc cl't'ort
llttltlt: by the pcoplc givcn tltc responsibility.

Lystt Schwttrtt

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

:rsiodttyw:‘ve tilt lit" 3
herpcopieund wc'v ,ll' _

To the ﬁction, I "

net/er mentioned. I" have yet to tree the ad-
ministration givc up the parking space for one
car in the administration reserved parking lot.
and- Ii have yet to see'studcnt demand for the
removal of this segregated lot. I

’l‘ltosc. who approved the removal of‘

I'rtcttlty rind stut‘t' pl’h'llcgcd parking nearer

tltc podium thitn students. were not condem-

ning themselves to walk hillftl mile in the bitter

port of wintcr. As out: ot‘ the “new iicudcmic

niggcrs'. l tch than it is less ot‘tt hardship for

thc stttttcnt to walk the cxtrrt distitncc thttn it is

tor the over-60 t'uculty mcmbcr. ll' wu on: go-

ittg to opt for dcscgrcgtttcd parking. let us go

tiltthc\vttyttitddorttt'itynitli till prn;ilcgctl lots

except for titt-dicttl pcrittissiou. 'l’hc hun-

tl icttppcd could usc tltc iidmiitstrittion lot. ttnd
wc would till be safer on lltc :tllcgcd owl/u.

Willard ti. Skidutorc

l’t'ol'cssor ol' (icrmttn.

own" 25 ycttrs ol‘

service to SUNYA.

'0\’cr (it)

Answering Problems

In tlw I'.tlitor:

.\~ tlic clcctinn tll‘il\\s L‘lttscl' I lccl it is im-
pcrotit c that tic look cinch czttulitlittc otcr. lit
the .’\ll‘tllll) tll't.‘tl thctc ran t" ‘G'i‘ntﬁtru l'mtctl
Sttttcs ('oitgrc» ltclttccribi ‘Jﬁtﬁ‘iu \\'ttgncr'
:irttl incurnhcul (‘oitgtcs Wild Strait-
run. A ' ' '

t_ tch tltrit this rtciispttpcr. sttul'cnh. :ttul
litL‘llll} ntcinlici's should .\tl|i|itit‘l .\lr. “inns.-
\Vllgllct'. llc htis cxlicrtcttt'c tltrtl tltr cortgrc»
lch‘tlh m ttltctir'ctr ol Ct'tttttillllrh. llc IN ttmctl-iu
lo the IlL‘L‘tlh nl lhc pcoptc It'urn lllL' :ii'cit.
\t'ltcrct‘ottgrcwnriu Strtrtton litIV torgottcu to
look in tlic rrcttttrl lititttlh ri’ntl Illtut't‘sh ol thc
pcoptc tIl tltc .ti‘cit. ('rtitgic~~itt.trt .‘ill‘lttltlli “tin
Irtcctt urttt :i problcm. lllx prtt tltl\\\L‘l‘ nth to
spcutl. .v\t llti\ trrttc ol 5k} tockcttng lltlltlllttll

l'm sttr'c tltrit rsnot lliL'tlllMtL‘l looltl'priihlcrng.

\ltihl pcoplc knott ’mc llh it strttriicli
itcinocrrit tiltll | \till icmrirn w. lint ('on-
git-“mint Slittltort is kinuttt in "tlic Itcst
Itcmocitit llllll tltc ltcpulilicorn litttc ctct'
tirttl." .

l Itopc Ihrir _\on are tottl tittt Ill ~npport oi
\li. \\trgnct. \\ c ucctl it rltrtngr.

\ln‘ltrtcl hakoll

 

T/rc i‘l/IHIIIII' Slur/cm PI'UM l't'.\t’l't't'.\ I/lt'
.i'uh' rig/ii ru prim or l't/il Lurrurzr m r/rr-
Editor. [.(‘lll'l'.\ .tlmu/rl lu' III'/)(‘|t'l'IIII(‘II rlllr/
.ru/mrr'llt'rl Io ('( ' .iJo m /u' r'lrjqih/t'jiu' mu-
.tirlcrrr/imr.

KW]; I/mtt' «mt/s um/ It'll('l'.\ coming.
ﬁll/tar!

 

'ln ullth’e struggle ford-essgr’etpterd parking. \
one glaritigvoversight on thcpart of ‘all persons '
involved in approving the students position is '

 

