rims»..- .

 It! 3  ' 
_. Irwin March iwen y-fouriti. Nine-

teen be entysone‘ I y ‘
[walked 'in that courtroom.
rid my hate had begun

, I‘wasitcaredto death.at the man‘ that

He‘satd. “My riam’eris Judge. rind l .
represent the Law.“ _ .
Well. I looked at this man and‘otbers
throughout the room.

.Andwitihed lwasstillin my mother‘s
womb -

-I-'or I wouldn‘t need facing this man
full of hate. .
Then I said to myself. “Don‘t bitch
up now. cause it's far too late."

So I looked at thisman with my head
held up high;
I knew from his expression. he wasa
terrible guy.
I looked to my right. saw my mom
standing there:
Then she looked towards me. and
said with a tear:
“You‘re too young to realize the

crime you committed.

And the judge wants to know
wlty you haven‘t admitted.

I'hese people don't care. what
feelings you ittiglit endure.

And they must place you away.
where you‘ll be secure.

'I hey say it is bad. to beyoungand itt
crime.

So they‘re going to sertd you away
for sometime.“

Well. by tltis tinte l was shedding
sortie s

lleeause l kn'cw I‘d bevgone. for a
rrtrrrrber of years.

I looked at the judge. with the look
of disgust:

'Iihenllooked' katmomand sai .
“Itv'can‘t heme bc‘miiitruttafv

. '”I-‘oriwha _ have done. I‘ve
done in plainysight: L ' '

So what-ever he does. he‘d-

better be right.

- 'Cauiie I'd hate to uncover. this man

and his ways.

liut he does the same thing. and
LOOK AT WHO PAYSII

Though I'm only young and got
caught by a man

With a gun at his side and a stick in
his hand.

I still-know what‘s happening. with
this man in that chair.

Look at him shaking. but ldon't
care.

This man isas guilty as I don‘t know
who I

But. mom. he‘s no better.than me or
you.

What can he do. but send meaway'!
I‘ll only revutl the truth someday."

Well. I felt somewhat better knowing
the trulli had been said.

Iltrt when I looked at mom and lwas
angry instead.

l-‘or she was still crying as the judge
looked for the papers.

lhat were rigltl there before hitn. of
all of my capers.

I tryed to sooth rnortt. but like day it
was plain

l'hat ntorn was filled with sorrow
arid pniti.

She looked rrt tlrcjudge and said in a
low voice.

"Ile‘s ortly a child. so consider your
choice.

He's my only son. and brings with
him a chit rm.

And there is no one out there that he

Z , . ‘
. will in to. harm»

so ILbeg-you.,your honor. please ,

' gh‘avcsome hearty .

(iiv‘e him it chance. to make a new
start. A ’

it‘s his first time in' trouble and
hopefully his last. » {
'So give him a future and let this be
past. _

For. as I told you before. this child's
my son; ‘

And if you ruin him now. he will
forever run '
Away from the laws which you want
all to obey.

Forgive him. your honor. and let us
be on our way.“

I knew at that instant by the way his
face changed.

That my freedom was gone and
Would not be regained.

Then. I looked at my rrrotn. she was

:And with ti feeling ol‘hatc..outofthis r

courtroom I‘II walk.

“Sin-your honor. take back. what my
mother has said: _

If you want thetruth. | WISH YOU

'WERE DEADl'

Now. don‘t look surprised. at what

yiiu’vcjust heard.

‘Cause you‘ve changed my whole

outlook. and I mean every word)

You think its it game. whileyou‘re

behind that bench

Mister. for once. consider Common

Sense! ""‘-"
You won‘t be there forever:

someone will take your place.

Then. how will you enter.’

society's race?

Half the people you see. while
your iii that chair.

Will be out there again. with
only one care.

And that‘s to survive however

they can“ .

You call them anhuman. but
still they are men.

They‘ve been rejected because
of no eduottion

Of jobs by you rich folks with
your big reputation.

You. like your family. are rich
and adorn.

While my only crime is only be-
ing poor when l was born.

lcrttcred this world. witha terri-
ble start: '

So please. Money Dogs. have a
cliaitge iit heart.

‘Cause who is at fault. for this
world full of crime?

Not me. your honor. but you iit
yottr prime.

You must make exceptions. for
this crime is not rare;

So think it all over ‘cause as
poor people care."

 

still crying a bit.

fly that time my mind was about to
commit

A crime worse thtin all that is noted
by book.

And that's the crime of Irate. but I
ytist turned and shook

l but era/.y leelingaway from within.
Arid thought. “Why let this mart get
under nty skirt!"

I hurt I looked tip at montatrd said in
a tcarless voice.

“Don't worry. mom. ‘cause I‘ve
tirade my choice! , I

lhere‘s no need to beg this man. for
what is riglttlully mine. I
And its about tint‘eyto, lay tltetrtlr
oit the line.“ 1

If this titan says I‘m guilty. there‘s no

t'ul‘
3. r

 

WE NEED PENNIESI

For a limited time only:
Bring $.50 worth of pennies
to Campus CENTER Snack Bar or Cafeteria
8. receive free coffee or small soda.

Faculty Student Association

is - r

 

 

need for more talk.

 

Muhammad

Congratulations Mr.
weight Championship

Ali on winning back the “envy
of the world (which by the way

he never lost). Now to celebrate his victory, the
Heavyweight Champion of $1.99 “’9, JUST A SONG,

will give a 10% discount on all $1.99 & $2.99 LPs on
Saturday Nov. 2. This sale is available foreman 8;

women. (sorry George!)

.... (DEE? (ii @Elfllfﬁ “as...

NOVEMBER 1, 1974

 

 

 

 

PAGE 8A ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Mask- of Anonymity
To the Editor:

Regarding your editorial “Redressing the
Grievance.“ ASI’. October 25:

Reference was made to an anonymous
phone call to Central Council attacking .Iay
Miller‘s capability to work as Student
Association Ombudsman. Other sources have
informed me tlittl the caller claimed to be a
member of the Jewish Students Coalition.
basing his opinions of .lay on knowledge of
Jay‘s .lSC work.

Let my stress to Central Council that this
“informer” in Iltl way represented the whole of
.ISC. citbcr officially or unofficially. .ISC has
irot disctrsscd .lay's SA involvement at airy
lirnc. itr terms ol his pending position.

l-tirtltcr. whether or irot the caller was. from
.ISC. l‘inabliorrcdio think that anyone would
yeopardi/c another indivitliral‘s participation
irt arty activity while lritlirrg beltiird a mask of
anonymity. II the caller believes his own opi-
trion. let him hrt\e the decency and integrity to
openly stihstarrtiate his claims. I sincerely
hope tltat Council members aren't sttrpid
enough to accept such unidentified
"disclosures" as \ alid cv idencc in deciding arty
question.

.ltidy llralcr
Program Director
.levvrslr Students Coalition

Stating Their Status

My .IISI‘ It'il.\ (Lt/rm] lu/iri/I/ish I/lt'ltI/filll'fllL‘.‘

To the University Community:

'l‘ogethcr, the Greeks (Al’A. l'XO. S'l B.
KI). Chi Sig. l’si (jam). attd the non-(ireek
l’otter Club. represent the largest interest
group on campus. As representatives ofthesc
individual Greek groups. we would like to
itiake a statement about our status on this
campus.

Individually. and as a large stereotyped
group. we have been accused oi many things.
some accurate. and sortie not. It seems.
however. that the part that Greeks play iii the
university corttrnunity has not been properly
acknowledged. Individuals and even the un-
iversity as a wltole have been antagonistic
towards the Greeks on campus. Realistically.
though. if one examines the activities on cartr—
pus. social orothcrwise. one finds that “rocks
are the major participants. 'l'akc away the
(i reeks from Holiday Sing and what r'ernriins‘.’
A small competition. ’lrrke away (ir‘ccks frotn
l'elcthon and a big chunk of the participants
are gone. Before the university took
llornccorttirtg away from us. (ir'eeks were the
mairt participants.

How many other groups on campus have
tltc organization and desire to run such things
as Blood Drives. l‘ood ‘itslb. United Way
drives? No matter how involved in ii certain
cause an individual may be. it still remains that
he needs organization and people behind hint
iii order to work for that cause. Largely.
sororities and fraternities arc the only groups
on campus which have such organi/atrorr.

Also. rrtaiiy of thc AMIA teams are (ireek
groups. Without them. competition in the
leagues would be rather weak. Last year the
sororities on campus started an AMIA soli-
ball league for girls.

Of course. if one choses to ignore the things
that fraternities and sororitiesrrre involved Ill.
one cart always look at the old stereotype of
Greek members. Drunken. rowdy. and
ovcrsexcd are all Greeks. We may be drinkers
but we notice that many of yoir are willing to
come and drink our beer for free. Rowdy we
may be also. but in so doing. we are enjoying
ourselves. not usually at the expense of others,
Oversexcd no more than any other student
here.

As far as we can see we are interested in hav-
ing some fun and making lifea little more ex-
citing on this otherwise apathetic. grade con-
scious. study oriented campus. It seems to es-

peopl com
ministratort of this school. who do: .not
provide any social life on thin compel. thtit a.
college education'does not consist of merely
becoming glued to books. seeing how many
hours you can live in the library.,or getting all
A's. . ‘ '

In addition to this. there is the socialization
of university life. No matter how strongly it is
denied on this campus. it is an important
aspect of college life to learn about people.
how to meet people and yes. how to have a
good time. This is an important function of
fraternities and sororities on campus.
Whether it be drinking beer together or spon-
soring a Food Fast. or taking some orphans
fora day. We are working together as a group
arid learning as individuals within that group.
ltow to deal with people. how to operate in
social situations. and how to have a good time.
witltotrt sacrificing the aatdemic aspect of
college.

Again. one itas only to look at the Alumni
Association oftlre fraternities and sororities to
see a strong interest group. What other single
group can broke a claim such as Kappa Delta
and l’ottcr Club. whose Alumni Association
contributed Sll).t)(lfl ‘ach to the Alumni
House land atrd l’si Gamma whose alumni
also contributed a large amount.

llre (irceks on this campusarealmost as old
as the school itself. so it doesn't seem right to
question their place on this campus. lt secrris
to its that as longris peoplcarcintercstcd in he-
urg part of our group we deserve to have our
spot on this campus. In any case. the fact
remains that vtc are (irccks by free choice. We
choose to be what we at" and to be active
members of the uni\ ersity community. Others
may choose to be passive. apathetic members
of that community. btrt it is our right to exist
and the rrglrt of future stirdetttsort SUNYAto
hetircek or not. In rt university ftrll ol‘itpathy
interest in the trrrivcrsity-coinrnunity'should
be nurtured rind not stlllL‘i 'lrtl'd, ‘ ‘ w

isrrllty Keck. l’rt-srdeirt tifrir‘Si‘g'tira"i'lt‘eta

.loel Sclterrstil. l’rcstdent. Alpha I'i Alpha

l,rndrr Crosby. President. l’si (rammrr

l-rarn ('ovvard. l’i'csident. Kappa Delta

l)oir Snell. l’t‘csrdcnl. llrcta Xi ()ritega
lrrrry Rrrbrriovviil. l’iesrdcut. I’otter Club
llarr'y Sandberg. l’rcsidcrrt. Sigran Iriu lletrr

This is Normal?

lo the l‘.lllltlf:

Considering the recent prohlcrttsovcr‘ltical
housing for students. ltlrouglil I might passon
this article from the ('ortrrcctrcut ('uirr'rr'r.

May 27. ISSI

New York \orrriul School

Sonic considerable dissatisfaction prevails
in the State of \cvt \or'k respecting this
sClltltll. and the leclrrrg there is gradually
becorrrmg prevalent tlr.rt rtdocs not arisvtcrtlre
purposes lot which it was dCSlgllL‘d. Its loea~
trorr in Albany makes horrid so expensive to
tile terrCIrers vt Ironic its pupils. that they prefer
going to some country Academy for instruc—
troir. even where they pay lllcll‘lullltlll as well
as board. It seems to be last beeominga merely
local school. and is not so much ettgagcd iri
giving instructions to schoolteachers as in
bestowing general information.

Some things. obviously. never change.
Steve Ilirsch

,—

NOVEMBER 1. 1974

 LostiChonc'o‘ '-

1'o the jI-lditor: ,

Elections are now less thanr a week away.
and I would like to take this final opportunity
to urge all the members ofthis universitycom—
munin to support the Carey-Krupsak team.
'l‘liey need your vote and they need your sup-
port in these last few days.

I'h‘e final action that members of this on-
iversity can take to help spur the Democratic
tcartt to victory is to show their support at the
rally being Itcld this Monday. MaryAnne
Krtrpsak will be coming home to Albany
County this Monday. and for her homecom-
ing a rally will be held at the airport at 2:00.
lhere will be transportation provided for
those who need it. There will be statewide
press coverage. aird we hope that everyoite
who supports Ms. Krupsak will come show
that support.

It yoti need a ride or yoti want information.
call rite at 438-(ll08. or tltc Car‘cy-Krttpsak of-
fice at 457-7510.

Candace Mayer
m.

*ﬁﬁﬁE—‘ﬂr—E

A Liberated Male

lo iltc‘ Ilditor:

‘ Regarding the recent letter to the l‘.tllltil‘t.‘lt-
titled "Sexism Strikes" lvvottld like to respond
lrorrt the stand point of it liberated trrale.
l'ttssthly Ms. McNarrirrra is alwavscortlrorrted
\vrtlr I‘lur'lmr. l't'IIl/Itllllt‘. etc.. btrt also
I‘lurgir/ and l in]. Oh yes indeed. the
bookstore also sells these sexist iiiaga/ines. in
which inert are being exploited. Iell me. is it
se\rst rl women: 'c hcing slrown.btrt not when
rrtrdc turtles are being shown'.’ l.et rtie point titrt
the [act that her letter read. "where /m[/ the
people are degraded rind sold." (Double-
standard?)

llei' letter also says that "these ntaga/incs
degrade and oppress rill lcrriales. scllitrg them
lor the pleasure of men. ls Ms. McNamara so
urine as to think that any rrrrrtr who looks at
one ol tlrosc ntagrt/irtcs secs every woman as
being .r cheap. driirrh whore with big tits atrd
rc.idv to pirt out.or a woman secingall menus
being v rrile. lttr lk rug super -sttrds'.’ In no way do

I feel oppressed or degraded by l'lilr'girl or
I no, because I Irate no need to feel that way.
It seems to lift: that Ms. McNamara sees these
rrrrigrr/incs as sexist because she is not sure of
her own Icinininc identity.

like so runny other women. she is finding it
hard to break old societal finale-oriented)
bonds and foriri her orvir trriique “f'eririninc'”
identity. lanes are changing these bonds
cart and must be broken. but not by building
new dotrble standards. The way that | see it.
these maga/ines are not degrading to all men
or women. unless those people who have pos-
ed. think that the pictures are degrading. I
doubt if any of the people irt those maga/incs
were forced into posing r lcould see Ms. Mc-
.Nrrmarn‘s point of being degraded. oppressed.
and sold if she was forced or required to pose
for some picttir‘ '. I doubt if she is tltough.
Also. does she see these pictures as beirtgjust
of naked women or beautiful pictures of the
ltururin body'.’

l‘or rrte. male libcrrrtiou (and woman‘s
liberation) is the ability of every man wottran
doing arty act. within physicallimitations. as
vvcll as any other titan or woman. witliotrt cort-
ccrn of his. Irer manhood, womanhood. lread
I‘luigirl. and I‘d like Ms. McNamara to get a
load of the looks that I get when I put the
rrraga/inc on the cheek-out counter. lsuppose
that it's o.k. with her if others question my
rrrarrlrood because of what magazines I read.
What I Irope that she grasps is that lhave ttty

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

w male entity and t

teak array from how soclei a y y
be. Human liberationand the rightol‘ ,
male. t'emrtle‘idcntilication.lis what il impor-
tant. > ‘ = in -

As far as the bookstore beings place where
everyone can go to find worthwhile bgoltit arid-1
magazines. the bookstorefia already'dOing
that. Tell me Ms. McNamara. have youever
read some of the articles in I’lirrboy or Viva?
Otherwise ldon‘t see where she gets off trying
to censor the American public. nobody has
that right. despite what the Supreme Court
Si“ 3.

Ronald Waite

' A Gentleman‘s Game

To the Editor:

At the present time. there are it working
pocket billiard tables iii the pool hall.(Cam-
pus Center). l'lte pool hall is used on an
av erage. by about 200 people per week rind it is
a vvell known fact that it does not contribute a
substantial profit. However its losses. if ttny.
are not substantial either. So the only
monetary benefitthtit it provides. is salaries for
tire students who work there. I think though.
that Illc‘lltclt \\ Ito use the pool Itall can poirtt to
several advantages of having one.

l-irst. it is. iii a sense. a lorrnge where
students cart r'eIa.\. \\ ltilc takitrg part in a sport
that is mildly physical and mental at the same
time. It is it parlor game that is sociable. where
one can generally get in a game with friends or
new aqtraiiitniiees.

Secondly. pool is regarded. by those few
\\ ho Irate c\cc|lcd irt this sport. as art art attd
science. llilliatds is it gentlerrtan‘s game that
has lrrsctrrated georrretricians as well as its own
ttlltsls.

With this hllt‘hrlllrlllUJUCJlHl],1:“ now get to
the point. fire management of the pool hall is
inefficient Ilrc tables have not been takert
care of properly and ate deteriorating faster
than they should. for cvaittplc.thcr'ertre spots
on \cu‘lttl tables where the felt has worn ottt.
Instead ol repairing the felt with special tripe
designed for this purpose. these holes have
vrorn Ilrroirglr. down to the slate. lhc tables
are liltlry rlllll there are never enough cries.
\trrr'ped or ltll\\;itpi.‘d.

llrc nirrrrrrgci' might say . "I fiavc not etiotrgli
monetary resources." or "It's the sltrdcnts‘
faiill they treat the pool tables poorl. "

l. llrrrt there are lcrt funds a\ailablc is
jllsllllttltlt‘; \\ll_\. tns l‘SA seems to be reason-
ing). imprint: lltc pool ball when the pin-ball
machines are making It) times as ntuch‘.’ i
think. though. that more funds .v/rou/i/ be
allocated. regardless of its profitability.

2, llrat it is the students‘ latrlt. is. in myopi-
uion rr poor v.‘\L'tlsc. Most of the employers do
virtually nothing c\ccpt play pool. do their
homework and ring tip a bill occasionally.
Ihey could be cleaning the tables that aren‘t
being used or rctrpprng the sticks or cleaning
the balls or better yet. making sure that those
using the tables. rite using them properly.

It seems that the manager. (who also runs
the bovvlrng alley and is .r we“ liked man and
Inn employer i does not care very much about
the t‘itlltlllltlll of the pool hall. I have it feeling
that he tried tllltJL. hirt lor some reason has
given up. _

What is the true slate of allrtirs here'.’ Will
sorrteorrc rirrstvet this appertl'.’

"Willie" Al Lands

 

The Albany Sludeiil Press reserves the
sole rig/ii In print or edit Letters to the
Editor. Lt'llers should be typewritten and
submitted to CC 126 to be eligible for am»
sirleraii’on.

Keep more cards and- letters coming.
folks! ‘

 

PAGE SEVEN

 

