 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
 

   
 

._. __

5N1‘MWM 7 www—

  

m

. “ﬁe—WW. , a E...

{a
.t
i
i‘.

 

    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
     
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
   
  
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
  

 

   

' v‘N ‘<-"v"'~r<u~’s:r>-‘w~ ’.m~r~m.mw‘-a,ww.. Mdmv-wwnﬁ’www.~C,..\gv,¢y.. M‘M' A...“

l

INI‘

 

‘.: 1'. And ttbe. HTSOJ'OVO’H oneollbeeh t . .i'. 7' I A ‘
 «Mr 9 . .1! ep on using

  
 
 
  
 

yes in
.! min.

 

   

1 a» s
r w

ynemle reading techniques of Evelyn Wood.

Of course. not everybody .wiii read like that.'Some will do it
V faster 1—“ some slower; depending on the material and the student.
some will learn to do it in 35 - 45 — 55 minutes. At a bare
minimum Evelyn Wood guarantees to TRIPLE your present reading ‘5
efficiency or you get your tuition back.
Nobody likes to give money back . . . and we're no exception. But
we know that you'll be able to do it. We’ve taught over 500,000
students with a 98% success rate.

And that’s why we unconditionally guarantee it.

Hero's what this course means to you:

You It definitely improve your study habits . . . and
subsequently improve your grades.

Because of the high cost of education, you can really
make your investment pay-oft. be it in grades. grad,
schools, or Just plain knowledge.

You'll find out how much less drudgery textbook reading
loads can be. Cramming becomes a thing of the past.

Ens PAY per i . . in art- eelmeeterl ,
veryrea ing esson is excting, challengin .clarif in .and
meaningful. What you take home with you .9. . in tesimisJ of new
habits and knowledge can be immediately put into practice. You
will learn to read 3 to 10 times faster while improving
comprehension and retention.

The “pilot” ieeeon Ie youre FREE.
You are invited to try a Speed Reading Demonstration
Lesson on us . . . without cost or obligation!

rites osmonsrnarton LESSON

Friday thru Saturday. Sept. l3 - 14

Hyatt House " '
s p.m. Fri. 3 i  '.
11 e.m. It 1' pm. on Saturday only '

PHONE. 438 - 6363

   
  
  
  
    
     
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 

  

WWWW

UPBTATE REGIONAL OFFICE I 9.0. BOX'INI'I ROCHESTER. NEW YORK I462?

'. 5 WASHINGTON (AP)——'Eédlttil'fll¢ developments:

The depressed housing situation was discussed in Atlanta at another in a
_ series of meetings leading up to President Ford'seeonomic summit Sept. 27
and 28.

Ford told Congress he wants, top priority in reducing federal spending-
Senate Democrats told Ford that budget cuts will not slow inflation unless,
steps are alsoi‘made to end price increases by major industries

Ford Motor Co. said prices on its I975 model cars and trucks will bean
average 8373 or 7.4 per cent higher than I974 model prices.

The Federal Power Commission staff recommended a single nationwide
price ceiling for “old” natural has sold by producers to interstate pipelines, i.
move virtually certain to increase prices:

vWAsmNG'rON (A P) President Ford sent Congress Thursday a catalog of
the legislation he wants to adopt this year, giving to priority to reductions in
federal spending.

The message indicated Ford has virtually given tip hope 0f('oitgrc.\\cltttc-
ting such landmark legislation as the comprehensive health insurance plan.
saying he will mttke a review of“my total legislative concerns“ before the next
session convenes in January.

Ford hailed the cooperation of Congress in the moritlt since he ltiok nlfiee.
“So far. despite some spats. we have had a good marriage.“ llt' \illtl.

“At this turning point of history." Ford said the executive illttl Iegniatne
branches need to “summon forth the reserves of energy. imagination. fllltl
devotion necessary to generate a new and proud era of American neineie-
ment.“

He said confirmation of vice presidential nominee Nelson A. Roetelellei n
of utmost importance. and added he is certain “there will he no inotthtiatc
delay ...“

ATLANTA. Ga. (AP) Marcus \Vtiyne Chenaull was sentenced litttistiat to
die in the electric chair for the murder of Mrs. Martin Luther King St and il
church deacon during services at historic Ebenezer Baptist church ltl\l ,Inne

Judge Luther Alvcrso'n set Nov. Ii as the execution date for thc 23 - veai -nitl
black college student from Dayton. Ohio.

As the prosecutor read (be death se'ntcnce to the court. ('Iienaiilt bleit
kisses at him. His mother. Mrs. Marcus Chenaull. who sat iii the hunt inn lit
the crowded. hushed courtroom. burst into tears.

Chenauit was given the death sentence for Mrs. King‘s death. anotiiet ltll
Deacon Edward Iloykin and 10 years in prison for wounding a memhet of the
church congregation.

The jury found Chenaull guilty after little more than an hour ol
deliberations. ’ltidccided on the death sentence in it later altcriioon scsaltlll.
Chenault‘s attorney said the sentences would be appealed.

WASHINGTON (AP) Two congressmen Thursday questioned whether the
government should spend 500.000 to build a vault to protect l'l‘csttlt‘lil
Richard M. Nixon‘s Watergate tapes.

“I concerned whether the people are getting their money‘s worth.“ and
RCP- '0'“ Bet/Ill. D-Ala.. at a House appropriations subcommittee hearing
onla request for 5850.000 to cover Nixon's expenses duriitg his transition to
private life. ‘

Retail and Rep. Louis Stokes. I)-0hio. contended the agreement niniet
which the tapes are to be preserved in a government-built vault does not
guarantee public or court access.

‘ I he'clabortttc arrangement under which the General SCfVlCL's Ail ministra-
tion Will have one oftwo keys so Nixon cannot opctt the vault by lll lttsL'll I) no
guarantee the tapes will be protected. said Stokes.

VIENNA Austria (Al’) Arab oil ministers will consider the l“’””‘"”’ "'
resuming an oil embargo to win Western concessions for Al‘ttlts III the \iitltlit'
East. Arttb sources said here Thursday.

' .Thc informants emphasized that the meeting. which was to occur an ill"
fringe of an oil cxporter‘s conference. Would be an informal one and tioiiltl
ttike place without a key Arab oil minister. Elzcdin “Hint of Hill”

Libya's oil mitiister. Ezzedin Mabruk. said the Arabs would confei dining
the. wider sessions of the Organization of Petroleum Expot'tillll ‘ ”“““'°"‘
which opened 'l‘hursday. lle said the topic would be a development mi Pull"
tion among the Arab countries. but other sources said the embargo “will
also be considered.

‘ Libya fitts never abttndoned thecmbttrgoon stiles of'crttdeoiltothci II
States. and just last week Libyan leader Mottminar Kliadttly stated. "l W"
have Proved us right." Ile Willi referring to Israel‘s failure to \\’lllltl|t|“ “1””
the Sinai.

,Saudi Arabia‘s oil minister. Ahmed Zttki Yttmani. wartted rcceni it that the
01' cmh"filo could be used again to win political concessions from NJ“ “""
_ the West.

BOSTON tAl’)Several biackchtldren were hurt Thursday when l‘itlscn nett-
smiled by Willie youths in one of the few incidents on the first tilt) of If"
court-ordered busing for this city‘s 200 schools. the tllityor's othee stud-

lhrcc to live childrpn were injured when rocks smashed window» lll liH‘
him“ ""‘3' "W Pulled awtty front Street Annex ofSouth llostnn lltgh altL'r
class._tbe mayor's office reported.

Officials said several pcrsonswere arrested iit connection with the \Itillllil!

hurlier. outside the main branch ofthc high school. about Still it late lct'ii-
“Emilia! adults boiled and chanted as 56 blttek cltildrcn ttrriveti hi huh it”
morning classes. The school had been 99 per cent white.

“li- muyor's office‘titiid five arrests had been tntide iti connection with the
{W'li demonstrations. All those arrested were ytlttlllz't 'i‘C'i- “"‘I “mm”
included disorderly conduct. tittsault and battery on It potiee nltteet. RUM

itctl

 

 

PAGE TWO

“steam STUDENT PRESS

assault for throwingrocks‘. a spokesman said.

SEPTEMBER 13, 1974

  

 

 

 

e-J‘

' It).

  

~g

  
  
  

/

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   

  

Wilhelm Indicted

by Mike Sena

Former Assistant Director of the
Campus Cctttcr. Thomas Wilhelm.
has pleaded not guilty to charges of
misappropriation antl theft of funds
from the University‘s Fttculty Sti-
dcnt Association.

Wilhelm‘s “case has been ptit on
the County Court calendar along
with 150 other felony cases.“ said
Albany‘s Assistant District Attorney
Ira Mendelson.

The't'ormer SUNYA employee is
now “awaiting his turn“ in: court.
added Mendelson. .

Wilhelm is charged 'with second
and third degree grand larceny and
falsifying business records in the
first degree. Thcscthree counts stem
from an alleged misappropriation of
nearly $3,000 from 'FSA. Wilhelm
 in charge of the operation ofthc
Campus Center and Mohawk Cam-

pus.

Wilhelm allegedly ordered equip-
ment for the Campus Center and
Mohawk Campus that the school
“had no use for.“ said Student
Association Vice-President Ira Birn-
baum. The former SUNY employee
allegedly “ordered unneeded things
and turned them over to acquain-
tances or sold them to unassuming
third parties.“ explained Birnbuum.

According to the indictment.
Wilhelm allegedly used SZ.I73 from
FSA funds to purchase stereo equip-
ment for his ov'vn us. it is claimed he
attempted'to conceal the nature of
the expenditure by representing it as
a purchase of radio equipment for
university emergency vehicles.

The indictment charges that
Wilhelm drew seven checks totalling
Still) to pay bar bills at Son‘s Tavern
across from the University. The
checks were payable to George
Stzickman. owner of Son‘s. yet he
was represented asa vendor of goods

ttnd services for the schoolAnotbere

charge alleges that Wilhelm made a
citcck out to his sister. using her
maiden ntime and then forged her
signature to cttsh it.

SA Vice-President Birnbaum ex-
plained how Wilhelm could alleged-
ly misappropriate funds for about
twa years. .Thc former SUNY
employee “had been around a
while.“ said Birnbaum. “University
people trusted him.“ “People above
him." such as Gary Jones. former
Director of the Campus Center.
“were approving expenditures
witltottt looking into them." in-
dictitcd Birttbttitm.

A tighter checks and balances
system has been instituted by Deaii

Brown to prevent future misap-
propriation of funds. As of October
first. the Office of Student Affairs
will keep "accounts and books“of
over all organizations. including the
Campus Center. the Health Service.
and Financial Aids. Brown in-
dictitcd there will be “tight monthly
audits so that we will know im-
meditttedly any over-expenditures.“

(iary Jones “signed vouchers
presented by Wilhelm with full belief
thttt the vouchers are what they said
they were for." sttid Neil Brown.
Dean of Student Affairs. Vouchers
tire authorizations for payment of
funds explained Dean Brown who.
through his office. spearheaded the
Wilhelm investigation.

Former Campus Center Director
Jones “should have questioned “
Wilhelm‘s vouchers more and
“thrown them back and say to hiin
that there is no way i‘Il sign this.“
said Dean Brown.

Brown was quick to add that there .

is “no evidence at all that Jones did
any wrong doing.“

' by outset-error: ' ” 

(AP) '- Rep. Hugh Carey entered

'the ge'neral election campaign for

governor Wednesday with strong
momentum generated by his
smashing. landslide victory in the
Democratic primary. _
Carey. a seven-term congressman
who was virtually unknown outside
his Brooklyn district when ltc began
his campaign It) months ago. stunn-
ed the sttttc‘s politicttl establishment
Tuesday with a 200.000-votc margin
over Howard Stimuels. .
Even Republican politicians con-
ceded that niargin-and the fact that
the Democrats nominated a woman.
state Sen. Mary Anne Knupsak. for
lictitenant governor-put Carey in

  
 
 
    

 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

   
  
   
 
 
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

1 designated candidate 7 .
torney general nomination. by 66per I a

y, Dist. Atty. Robert . M

 
      

cent to 34 per cent.  . > ‘
Manhattan trial .lawyer" Jacob.
Fuchsberg wan the nomination for

one of the two seats open on the ‘
‘ Court of'Appculs with 38 per cent of
_ the vote. But there was a tight race

for the second spot between
Appellate Division Justice Lawrence

'Cookc. with 32 percent. and .iudgc _

Harold Stevens. the first black ever
tosif Oil the state's highest court.
with 30 per cent. in incomplete
returns. - '
Carey. 55. began his campaign
with few assets except tor the

strong Pllﬁliiml "MIMI GOV- Hugh Cl"! HIM Ill. Democratic bankroll provided by his brother.

Malcolm Wilson.

Wilson formally kicked off the
state Republican campaign Wednes-
day with tt promise that “we willcott-
duct it clear. constructive and order-
ly campaign.“

Carey said his victory over
Samttcls. the designated candidate
of the official party organization.
showed that “the new machine in the
state is the people. and they will
decide who runs the government."

Carey carried every borough of
New York City and every countycx-
cept Broome. leading statewide by
of per cent to 39 per cent.

The voters dumped the entire slate
put together by the Democratic
State Committee at the party‘s June
designttting convention in Niagara
Falls. .

They nominated former U.S.
Atty. Gen. Ramsey Clark. a

Cart Our Cities Survive?

The fiscal plight of American cities is the subject of a new book by two I »

professors in tltc economics department at State University of New York at
Albttny. Robert B. I’ettcngill ttttd .logindar S. Uppttl wrote the timely study.

('ait ('iIi'es Sttri'ivt'l’. which was published

New York City.

by St. Martin‘s Press of

Drawing heavily from I970 Census data. the authors have compiled a
study of the financial problems of major U.S. cities. They present data on
revenues ti ntf expenditures by individutii cities (usually namingthe 49 largest)
and by groups of cities down to those in the “below M50000“ class popula-

tioit. ‘

lltc amounts spent pcr ctipitti vary greatly with the size oftltc city. In I97 I-
72. the six cities with more than l.000.000 people spent about $550 per in-
ltttbitttnt. while those in the 300.000-500.000 class spent $230. ttitd those
below 50.000 spent SI I0. Categories of'gretttcst spendingalso differ marked-
Iy. In tfic biggest cities welfare tops the list; in most others education is the
most costly function: but in the smaller cities education ranks below police
and highway expenditure ttnd welfare is near the bottom. The tiuthors offer
explanations for such differences and foi the trends during the l960‘s.

A similar analysis of revenues reveals the different emphasis on property
taxes. sales taxes. tlnd other sources of revenue. The recent rise in in-
tcrgoveriimcnt itid. both state ttnd federal. is described and its effects are
shown. this letids to an cxatnination of" the differences iii per etipita ttid to
cities as compared with that granted to their suburbs. it topic the authors
studied tltrce yetirs ttgo for the big six cities in New York State under ti grunt
front the New York Conference of Mayors.

Finally. Doctors I'ettcngill tiitd Uppiti look ahead ttitd appraise the various : '

proposals which lutvc been tnade to help cities solve their fiscal difficulties. In
addition to getting more tiid from state aitd federal governments. iltcrc ttrc
suggestions tiboitt limiting or reducing certain expenditures. shifting more of

, the tax burden from property owners to other sources. such as various forms

of stiles taxes. business taxes. income taxes and service fees. The advantages
and disadvantages of these various fiscttl alternatives are summarized.

 

 

‘lIIeloe like. Anni-l _
Sll-we‘ have tacos.- enchiladas.tbiirrlteemllllachlll do”
Grlngos Welcome Also!
Vest-ire have hamburgers. hauls. babe

'tssaa~trstts.3ﬂtat"°"“" t... w

i“

      

 

 

IlliillllAllOllAllY FAMOUS SPIRITUAI lllAllI
ClAllVOYAllI. AlltliOli I. TEACHER
Irene Ingland I New Zeal-red

REV. NOEL STREET.

endorsement by a huge margin.
He stunned the political prophets.

transplanted 'I'exa it with ti matcrick'
image. to run against incitmbcnt
Republican .ltt'cob Jttvits. He
collected 48 per cent of the vote.
against 29 per cent for Syracuse
Mayor Lee Alexander. the officially
designtttcd candidate. and 23 per
ccttt for parking garage mttgnttte
Abraham Hirschfeld.

Miss Krupsak won with 43 per
cent of the vote. against 32 percent
for Queens lawyer Mttrio Cuomo.
the designated candidate. and 25 per
cent for Manhattan Assemblyman
Antotiio Olivieri. She is the first
woman ever to be nominated by a
major party for statewide executive
office in New York. .

Robert Abrams. Bronx borough
president. defeated Rocklttnd Coun—

....

':'-'c~:

   

ALBANY. N.Y. (Al’) - Hercttre
the winners of the Democratic
primary:
-GOVERNOR ~Rep.Hugh Carey~
of Brooklyn will face Republican .
(iov. Mtilcolm Wilson in the Nov.5
election.

LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR -
’kiSttttc Sen. Mary Anne Krupsak of
Canajohttrie. Nassau County Ex-
ecutive Ralph Caso is the
Republican cattdidatc.

U.S. SENATOR - Former U.S.
Atty. Gen. Ramsey C ark will face

.lttvits.

ATTORNEY GENERAL -
Bronx Borough President Robert
Abrtt ms Will oppose the Republicttn
incumbent. Louis .I. chkowitz.

COMPTROLLER - Incumbent
Democrttr Arthur Levitt htid no op-
position in the primary. Mayor
Stephen May of Rochester is the

Republican candidate.

 

NEW YORK (AP) - The following
persons were nominated Tuesday in
congressional primaries in New
York Sttitc.

.l x-Angelo Roncailo-C

 

   
 

Primary Results

Republican incumbent Jacob K..

Iidu’utrd M. Carey. president of tltc
New Iinglttnd Petroleum Corp.. ll
major supplier to New York utilities.

He set tip a large organization and
began ti massive 5750.000 campaign
of television tittd radio advertising
tltttt gave ltim statewide recognition.
The ads portrayed hitn as a mttn of
action who find written kcy educa-
tion tttid ttrbait aid laws and helped
reopen the Brooklyn Navy Yard.

Carey‘s victory apparently ended
the political career of Samuels. 54.
who littd ruit unsuccessfully three
times before for the Democratic
nomination for governor.

Miss Krupsak. 42. hitd been
regarded as one of the state‘s rising
politicians ever since I968 when she
won election to the Assembly iii a
heavily Repttblicitndislriet centering
on her upstate hometown of Canti-
joharic.

9 I'heodorc Garrison-L

9 x-Jiimcs Delaney-R .

l0 x-Mario Biaggi vs. Francis I..
Mthtglt-C: unresolved.

I I James Scheuer~D

ll .loei M. Bermnn-L

l2 x-Shirley Chisholm-D

l3 Stephen Solurz-D

l4 Frederick Richmond-D

l5 Leo ch'ferctti vs. Arthur
l’aonc-l): unresolved.

I7 x-.Iobtt Murphy-D

2.1 x-l’cter l'cyscr-R

24 Charles Stephens Vs. .|.
Russell Chine-R: unresolved.

27 Matthew McHugh-D

27 Alfred Libous-R

2ft x-Samuel Stratton-D

28 Wayne Wagner Vs. Ethll'Ci
lireitcttbitch-R: unresolved

29 x-Ctirleton King-R

29 i-‘rontruitncrs Edward l’ttt-
tison tittd Joseph Martin-D: utt-
resolved.

3| Donald Reilc-D

35 Margttrct Costitnza-D

35 x-Bttrbttra Conablc vs.
Clarence Carman-C: unresolved.

36 John LttFalcc-D.

x-Denotes incutnbent.

ea eaeeegﬁ

 

Prepare For:

LSAT & GRE

Review Courses
Now Being Formed
Evening Classes
For Information Contact:
Joseph A. Urso

 

 

 

 

SEPTEMBER 13, 1974

(beo.endt...iolild!l _ .. an". and his wife Colleen lectures at Demonstrations:
 “.00 ‘ ' +. Reincarnation, Esychic Healing, Yoga, and Health “59"”; Rf'm'w scwwc
  . Mon., Tues., Thurs” Sept. 23, 24. 26 at Holiday inn, «iguNOHSlu‘d 
. ' '. ‘ I _ ‘  N p l6l4 Central Ave. at 8:00 pm I I "y‘ 0" ' b
'. r] imm ,  .. ‘ t Admission: $2.00 info: 872-1215 ‘ can: ass-i254
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE THREE

 
     

 
 
    
   
 
 
   
  
  
  
      
    

  
  

 

     

....<~»~e=<‘.:r: 

