'  In
my uterine

thou-w- of  I _
for‘his outspoken support of. using
‘suehl druga . in the; past. The

 says the film may be
shownontelevlsion. 

The 1 Voice adds. that Levy is em-

bittered,» the left. and' that he is

allegedlytelling them everything he
knows about” the, .‘Weather Un-
derground” and about its L.s.D.
manufacturing group knownss the
.Tltoiherhood of Eternal Love.” In
return, Learst reported to have
beeprpromised an early pamle from
prison... .   . . .. .. -
' Guy Goodwin has been master—
. 'fminding grand. jury investigations
'- into radical political activities forthe
past four years—leading grand jury
probes in such cases as the Detroit
Weather activities. I the Gsinesville
Eight case. the Camden 28 case and
the Harrisburg conspiracy.
In the meantime. the Village Voice
is reporting that Leary has made a
video-tape for the drug enforcement

Pot Flags
Are Flying

(ZNS) CoastGurad ofﬁcials in the
Caribbean are rubbing it in
whenever they make a pot bust at
sea. .

It's a common custom for fishing
boats to raise a flagdisplayinga fish

specifitally naming a forrnerSan
Francisco attorney as having paid
the Weather underground $25,000 to
help himescape from prison in l970.
The Voice predicts that leary's

3‘ former attorney. who is not iden-
tified h the article. will be indicted

. and brought to trial in a landmark
political case.

CIA Claws

(ZNS) A former agent with the
‘ Central Intelligence Agency reports
that the C.I.A. maintains a super-
secret computerised file on radicals
known as‘Octopus."
‘ Former agent Miles Copeland
reports in his new book. William
Clock and Dagger. that “Octopus” is
the most comprehensive com-
puterized file on individuals in the
world. surpassing anything the
military or F.B.l. have yet
developed.

Copeland; unlike other former
C.I.A. employees who have written
books on the agency such as Victor
Marchetti. is an out-spoken sup-
porter of most of the agency's
policiesl |and practices.

He writes that l‘0ctopus“ is op-
posed by some of the C.l.A.‘s top
liberals-but the file's existence is
justiﬁed. he says. because of the
growing terrorist threat in the US.

» lid broadé: giac 1

whenever major catches are mad6.i.,: ,' «

Now. however, Coast Guard people
are raising a “cannabis flag” on their
ship's mast after each major pot .
bust.

The homemade banner consists of
a green marijuana leaf on a white
field. One elated crew raised the
“cannabis flag" twice last week after
siezing two marijuana hauls alleged-
ly worth $5 million.

rid pologizes'

rig is
llution. .

Manapment'and' Budget. 7‘

In the letter, Traintells Ash: “Vir-
tually no progress has been made to
implement the regulatory or other

enforcement actions" required by

the I972 Noise Control Act. Train
addsz‘ fWe are holding the noise
program to a low level of grotrrth and

[consciously stretching out the full

implementation of the I972 act.“

The Los Angela: Times reports
that the same week the letter was
written. high E.P.A. ofﬁcials were
assuringa Senatecommittee that the
provisions of the I972 Noise Control.
Act were being implemented fully.

California Senator John Tunney.
when informed of the letter. termed
the E.P.A.‘s position “Outrageous.”
Tunny said he may call for a special
congressional investigation into the
affair.

live! my.
Worth Loads

(ZNS) A Chicago design firmsays
it is in the process of marketing SIOO
million worth of Evel Knievel toys.

For starters. says the firm of Mur-
vin Glass andJAssociates. you can
buy an Evel Knievel stunt crush car
which “performs an exciting crash
finale." 0r there‘s the Evel Knievel
canyon sky cycle. featuring u

- realistic jet sound.

Or. if you like. there are official
Evel Knievel flags for youngsters to
fly from_their bikes.

lsaacson was asked 'if Knievel's
lack of concern for his own life might
set it poor example for kids. No.
lsuacson replied: “In his speeches.
Knievel ulwuys preaches safety".

EXPOSE YOURSEL

2 million seniors will start looking for iobsjn 1975.

2-mlllion uallfied,wel
jobs. Execu
interested in college grad

turtoo

There is more to y
address),describe
student organizations,
experiences which have

Your self-description will be included in a
lieadingsziducation, Media, Social Sciences,
Industries), and sent to

this winter.

l-educated men' and women, all competing
tives at well over 1000 companies are
uates, but they don't know you exist.

The College Cushion is the hassle-free way to' get your
name and credentials to important companies ready to hire
college graduates.

ou than a degree. In 60 words (Excluding name 8.
the position you seek, and the academic projects"
services, internships, awards, jobs and

kept you busy through college.

classified listing (Sample
Health-Related
the right people at well over 1000 companies

EXPOSE YOURSELF:Send $20 check or money order. and your
60-word self-description to:

“I! COLLEGE GRADUATE REGISTERJNC.
250 Fulton Marius, Hompstsad', New Vorlt 11550

Deadline for entry: November 22, 1974

 

Sample

 

 ...,,|.l|3rit.nmwl.uotmacmo

ii": i

J.‘ Tn' a, w. w
PAGE TWO

.rnui-aririshlsnt

JANUARY OMDUATI who has m oditor-in-ohisl of
mullahsth situations of wide variety. with a 8.. corn
sin lntsrostori in any lsstmvln business with a tutors for

heavy lngiish concentration. udy Cooper. 1H0 Algonquin

“saidfi‘i‘We can no longer,“

~.-. - “lz‘gﬂ‘éﬁ

a:

, I.~ Sm" 61:0" ( AP) A “h, ma 1 oft Isrd drug'abuse are up again
for-Yb: last six months after a steady downturn since I97 I . Dr. Robert L. Du-
Pont. directorial the National Institute 'on Dr“! Abuser 10“ Congress Mon-

 we-bave a genuinely'n‘ew situation and a worrisome one." Dupom

if A ' ' 'lk'» about turning the corner on heroin."

. One recent phenomenon let it l'unexpected increase in heroin addiction in

smaller cities like Mmmoag. Des Moines. Iowa. or Jackson, Mlss.,.he “up
“This has led us to speculate that drug use radiates out from the major pop-

ulation centers and can be expected to hitthesmallercittes and eventually the

rural areas after a reasonably predictable time lag." DuPont stud.

DuPont testified before a House subcommittee on health and environ-

ment.

WASHINGTON (AP)Sccrefary of State Henry A. Kissinger suid today
that negotiations are starting up in Moscow to try to broaden an un-
dcrground weapons test agreement to include peaceful nuclear lcsts,

The talks grow out of former President Richard M. Nixon‘s summit
meeting last summer with Soviet leader Leonid l. Brezhnev and involvc n
“good-faith effort to develop criteria" for banning Weapons tests above 150
kilotons. Kissinger told a news conference.

Kissinger’s remarks came one day after Brezhnev declared during it Speech
in Eiist Berlin that it is time to “move further ahead“indisurmunieni lallks.

On another issue. he said the Soviets have never assured him that 60,000
Jews would be allowed to emigrate annually as purt of a compromise to gain
congressional approval of trade and credit benefits.

However. he said he shares the “same goal" ofscnutors leading the drive in
case Sovicf restraints on emigration.

Turning to the Ford administration's decision to hold up a $500 million
shipment of corn and wheat to the Soviet Union. the secretary suid“us1rong
possibility exists we may have misled“ the Soviets on how quickly Shipments
would be processed. '

NEW YORK (AP) Investigators uncovered $l l.950.385 in gasoline and
henling oil'ovcrchurgcs in New York and New Jersey during the first cigln
nionihs of the year. the Federal Energy Administration disclosed Monday,

Dealers who were found to have overcharged their customers were ordered
to roll buck prices until they had. in effect. given back the amount of the c\~
cess charge. snid Alfred chinfcld. bend of l’EA's Region II.

While there is no provision for direct reimbursement of n customer uho
paid too much. an FEA s’pokesmnn suid. purchasing morc gas or oil Irorn the
dealer during the rollbuck period would bulnncc out the overcharge.

WASHINGTON (AP) Secretory ofStutc Henry A. Kissingci'dcfciulcd the
propriety of a $50,000 gift from Nelson A. Rockefeller by releasing it lL'llt'l
Mondiiy signed by.lwo former lnwycrsfor cx-l’residcni Richard M. Nixon.

The letter said the gift did not violate ilie law or conflici-of—imcrcu
regulations.

The gift by the vice president-designate was confirmed on Snlurdiiy. \\ lit”
a Rockefeller spokesman said it represented gratitude for long-time \cn lt'L‘
by Kissinger.

Thc lcttcr.dufcd Jun. [5. |969.suid“tlic contemplated gift oi'rnoncy in you
is based only upon your close personul friendship and is it direct result of not
only flint friendship but the high pcrsonnl esteem in which they llll‘
Rockcl‘cllei's hold you.

“ Therefore. we find that such a gift would not violate either the sinliurs.
executive order or regulations involving conflict-of—infcrcsts."

WASHINGTON (AP) Charles W. Colson. once u dcl'cndnnf in ihc
Watergate cover-up trial. today uskcd thut his one to llircc-ycur jnil scnlt'lit‘c
in the Ellsbcrg case be reduced. in part because of the pardon gl'illllt‘tl in
former President Richard M. Nixon.

Colson. 42. pleaded guilty on June 3 to one count of obstructingjllslft'c.
He admitted then uftcmpfing to influence the outcome of the trial of Pen-
liigoii Papers figure Dnnicl Ellsberg by attempting to leak defamatory infor»
mution about lillsbcrg to the press. V ,

In exchange for his guilty plea. U.S. District .ludgc John J. Siricn agreed
that charges against Colson in the cover-up case would be drtippcd. In con-
nection with the cover-up. Colson fueed one count of conspiracy rind anoint-i
of obstructing just ice.

Conspiracy charges against Colson stemming from the brcnk-in ngznnu
lillsberg‘s psychiatrist also were dropped in exchange for the guill) plcu

In u new request today. lawyers for Colson said that because of the timing
of his sentencing date. June 2i. US. District Judge (lei‘hurd (icsull was un-
able to hike Nixon‘s pardon into account in decidinghow the former Whllv
llouse nssislniit should be punished.

During the Ellsbcrg brcnk-in irlnl. Colson testified that Nixon hud pri-
sonufly npprovcd efforts to defume Ellshcrg's chuructcr.

SANTIAGO. Chile (AP) Chile is buying from the Unitcd'Sinit-s Sllllt'l'
sonic jet fighters and close air support uttuck plunes for possible usi- ugunnl

licighboriiig Peru. sources say.

The purchases nrc part of n multimillion dollar urins dcnl bcht‘L'“
Wﬁshlnsion und Chile's ruling jnniii. iicwrding to diplomutic and who
sources.

The deal was confirmed by it high source in the Cliilenn air force. who also
said they were for defense against attack from Peru. lint Officiitls of but“
Chile and Peru said they want to maintain peaceful relations.

‘ Marxists in the Peruvian military are not friendly toward ificjunui fll Sun

0080. Which overthrew Marxist President Snlvudor Allende imd look poor!

I] months ago.

“The sources said Chile is buying litFSE Freedom Fighters. the fittest model

of u “m” “Wished for the air forces of developing countries by Northrup

Aviation Co. of‘ Hawthorne. Calif. The total cost is about $60 "1000”
j

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 8. 1974

a

dis oaettongo students explained  education.

Russians Compare School systems

visor entertained questions from the
audience.

This exchange precipitated a dis-
cussion about the major differences
between the Sovicteducution system
and the education system ofthe Un-
itcd States us for us the manner in
which clusses are conducted and
campus life. One of the differences
brought out concerned the amount

The discussion focused on the of time spent in class each week.
education system of The Soviet Un- Alcxundcr Markin. one ofthe cx-
ion. change students. commented. “Your

In response to several prepared American students have. I think.
questions. the students. speaking from fourteen to eighteen hours
from their personal experiences and [academic hours] it week. and they
backgrounds. provided the audience study for five days AllICII they have
with an overview of Russian educu- their weekend. Our studies life more
lion. Occasionally. their remarks intensive. and I think that is pretty
wcrc augmented by the use of notes good. It will help in tire future. We
and statistics. study for six days and we huvc tliirly-

The topics that were discussed six hours [ucudcmiclioursJchck.“
undcrihcrubricofeducation includ- Speaking about Soviet and
ed tlicpriniury stages (prc-scbooling American students. Mr. Markin
and secondary schooling). speciiiliz- added. “The way students spend
cd schools in the technical and their free time I think is practically
vocational training. and the system flic same. The young people go just
of colleges and Universities. in the country-side. they go to the

It wus explained flint education is theater, to the movies. to the cafes.
provided by the Sfufc free of charge rcsluurnnts. bars. clubs and so on

by Stephen Dzhtanka

Six foreign exchange students
from Soviet Union were on hand for
a question and answer period last
Thursday evening in the Campus
Center Assembly Hull. The six
students. currently studying here.
were accompanied by their udvisor.
Igor Piluyun. Put Snyder served as
the moderator.

fo CilL‘ll individual student.

In addition to u summary of the
mechanics of the Soviet education
system. the students talked about
career opportunities in their country
rind the experience of “choosing
one‘s destiny“ among many alter-
nutivcs.

During the latter port of the
meeting the students and their ad-

und so forth.“

The students spoke of voluntury
work programs which they may
become involved with during the
summer. “Work brigudcs“ure form-
ed und sent to many places within
and outside of the Soviet Union to
do construction work. The students
receive wages for their efforts and
are provided with an excellent op-

 

Physicist Goes Dutch

by Andrea Ilerzhcrg

SUNYA Professor Jugudish (inrg is living prooftliiit those long lubliours
spent exciting nuclei puy off. This summer Dr. (iurg joined physicists from
over 125 countrics iii the second international conference on “Neutron
Cupfurc (iummu Ruy Spectroscopy.“

“The basic purpose of an international conference is for people doing the
some studies but not quite fully :iwurcof'ihc work being donc,lo get together
and discuss the results of their work mid help one another with methods of
improving instruments." snid Dr. (hirg whose trip was sponsored jointly by
the Niitiomil Science Foundation and ilic Dutch Ministry of Education nnd
Culture.

'l he The dny conlei'elicc was held of l’cllen in the Netherlands and (inrg.
who presented an invited paper. was impressed by the expert plunningnnd
liospilulify of his Dutch host. A rigorous schedule of'prescnfntions and panel
discussions wns broken up by cocktail parties nnd sightseeing in nearby
Amsterdam.

“Conferences help u very great deal in developing better rclufions between
countries. We are on if first name husisnnd you don‘t find nnydcfcnscs. They
nppcul to you us human beings and you to them.“ (inrg was chairman ofthe
inlcrniitioiml conference held of SUNYA in l97l,

lhcrc is u conference uhoul once if your due to the highly specialized nature
of physics lecll. Neutron cupturc grimmu rnyspcctroscopy isjiisl one method
on nnuly/ingfhc nucleus. The next conference on this topic is scheduled for
WW. lli'iiillx‘lllltcll Nillllillill lubormory. one bencfncfor of Unrg‘s research.
on Long Island Will be ifs host.

"Rcscni'cli plczls‘cn Inc but bnsicully I wont to shore my knowledge with my
students mid prcpnrc them properly." Dr. (inrg is the proud recipient of u
W74 JFK nwnrd for"conspicuousservicein the field of higher cducniion."

As it prestigious physicist. (lurg is often invlfcd to address conferences
ubrond. Since coming to SUNYA in l906 he bus had to refuse many offers for
luck of time. Credited with establishing SUNYA‘s nuclear accelerator. (‘rurg
now plans in make it short visit to Kanpur. India. He plans to assist Kanpur
with their new uccelcrntor. -

OCTOBER 8, 1974

portnnity to travel.

TheSovietcxchnngcstudentswho
shared their experiences with the
audience were Alcxunder Tscpelcv.
Eugcny Krumurenko. Scrgey
Kumensky. Alexander Murkin.
Alexander l’ctrov. and Andrey
Malov. They are all from the
Moscow State Pedagogical institute
of Foreign Languages.

Pufriciu Snyder. the moderator of
the meeting and Director of the
Children‘s Thcutcr Touring Coin-

puny stufcd."|t isusinguhir privilege '

for the University to have succeeded
in negotiating what might be con-
sidered the first academic exchange
[with the Soviet Union] in our rui-
lion." 2 .. .i

 

by Stuart Simon > '

Off-Campus Students finally have
an organization that represents
them. Tonight they will find out ex:
netly what the Off-Cumpus Student
Co-op (OCSCl hits beendoing on
their bchulf.

In no effort in publicize and de-
fend student rights in the communi-
ty. OCSC met with MuyorCroning.
Building Commissioner Morris Eiss.
Albnny urea newspapers. and
various television and radio stations. -

Ctr-Directors Stu Simon and
Robin Shusfcr liclpcd druft SA‘s
alternative proposal to the dis-
criminatory housing ordinance now
on the Mayor‘s desk. They have
been out in thcconimuniiy gathering
support for the student counter-
proposal.

()CSC has also conflicted the
Hudson l’urk Neighborhood
Association. the United 'l'cnunts of
Albany. 'l'licrcsu Cooke. Rczsin
Adams. mid other prominent civic
lenders.

The group has also gathered dufii
needed to calculate the effect of the
Common Council‘s ordinance.
thn it appeared that off—campus
sludcnls‘ listings would not be
proccsscd for several weeks. OCSC
rciiclicd top Ad ministration officials
and got the data within it few days.
said no ()CSC leader. The data is
now being compiled to estimate the

' number‘of' students who would be ,

affected. , -

OCSC wants to maximize good
student housing. They' are "e'n-
couruging all students to demands
certificate of ticcupancleO) before
moving into a gouse or apartment.
The certificate will not be issued to a
landlord until the premises have
been inspected and deemed
habitable by the Building Dept. A
united student demand for CO‘s
would force landlords to maintain
their properties. Property values
would remain high. rcmovinga mu-
jor source of friction between
students and their neighbors.

The housing exchange is another
important OCSC goal. In conjunc-
tion with the Off-Campus Housing
Office. OCSC is gathering a file of
student rented housing. This file will
be available to all students looking
for residential housing. Listed in the
file will be it short description in-
cluding locuiion. rent. generul con-
ditions. nnd landlord-tenant
i'clufions.

Although housing is its main con-
cern. ()CSC also dculs with other
aspects of student life. Committees
are now being formed to deal with
food co-ops. socinl progrurnniings.
tciinni rights. lows.und publications.

The "owing mum/ii in l.(‘ 5 (II
8:10 lt'f” go fllltlﬁll‘l/li'l’ rlr'ruil. A
gum! .\/’t‘ll/\ cl'ji'rrnl ("T/l i.r r‘.\‘/)t‘t‘lt’t/.

Belly Dancer Strikes a Heavy Blow
For Male Liberation Movement

lac rum-n ‘Icc

Moroccan Aldoui Mounir performed In the University Library,
enthralling spectators with gyroscopic undulations.

by Keri Nugent

A man can belly dance as well as n
womnn. Aldoui Mounir said us he
slithered his way through three
cupncily crowds in the University
libriiry lust Sufurduy. Ills donccpcr-
formnnces were part of the inter—
nufionul Students Group‘s prcscnln-
lion forCommunify-Universityduy.

The sclf-tuught Moroccan showed
flint belly dancing is not the porno
show flint most people believe it to
be. but flint ii is instead. if bullet.
Mo u nir f'ccls fliiil women
downgrade the art in night clubs by
making the dance too sexually
oriented. "I believe men cun belly
dunce much better lluin Women. l
dissociate the art from the porno
scxuul wuy women do it.“

Mounir pointed out illul in

Morocco, belly dancing is per-
formed on both professional and
social levels. It is a port of the
Moroccan culture find is done at

'weddings and other social events.

Mounir is not it prol‘csisonul bclly
duncci'. “I would rather niukc money
with my bmin than with my body.“
he explained.

He noted flint it is unluwful for
men to belly dance in Arab societies
bccrlllse of its nssocinlion with sen-
sunlliy. “I feel if is on art. both for
men and wonich. us'fong as you can
do it."

Mounir danced to educate people
ubonl both the url of belly dunclng
and his country. “Most of the best
grass students smoke here is Moroc-
cnn. find they don't cvcnknow where
Morocco is."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The Moroccan emphasized that
the red carpet lounge is not the right
place for if belly dance. “It usually
takes place at 'l l‘ or midnight uffer
u good meal with wine. under dim
lights.“ He was worried about his
performance because of the poor ill-
mosplicrc. “It goes without saying. I
um nervous.“

Before his performance. Mounir
explained the dance. lie said lllitl
belly duncing is the body‘s response
to the Arabian music. He listens to

.tlic music. to get the "feel" of it. and

then his body just begins to move.
Mounir claims he "feels transcen-
duncc" when he dnnccs. "It gets me
stoned." he commented. “It is my
cigurerfc. my whiskey find my gin
and tonic. It is really my vice.“

His performance was one of C-U
duy‘s treats. flc moved smoothly.
utiliring all the space the crowd
ullotcd him. Doing two nunibcrsdbe
bounced around. using intricate
hand. hip. and stomach movements.
A true performer. he pluyed 'his
nudicnccto itscnpubilitics. llc daric-
cd up to people and put on .in-
dividuul mini-performers.

In the middle of his performance
when the music system broke down.
the Moroccnn wit commented in a
huff. “'l‘hunk (iod nobody has paid."
The crowd warmed to his perfor—
muncc and npplnudcd generously us
Mounir donccd ofl'wuving. After the
pcrforninncc. he expressed his
plcllSllfi.‘ with his success.

. Mf‘“.".“}.niﬁ .izrrs' in. mm
brighin us in secon lunguug ht
Albany. He has been in the United
States for u month and normally
teaches Engliih'iiiy'N/fiilv‘éccoo “My
Country needs more teachers th'un
belly duncers."

PAGE THREE

 

 

