 

 

 

an

The Women‘s Liberation Group, Was one of
multitude of organizations represented at

V vities Day. Fall 1974. Each one'was eager
to bare itself to the passers-by. clamoring for

ention. signing up potential supporters at 1

every opportunity. Literally hundreds of un-

attachedonlookers roamed. inspecting booth

after booth. I also wandered. as l became in-

creasingly amazed at the diversity of interests
' displayed there.

i I am a recent convert to a women's libera-
tion organization and with the customary zeal
of a novice. I decided to enlist my fellow

Students by doing some hawking from the ‘

sidelines. Needless to say the reactions to me
' and the group ran the gamut from unan-

ticipated excitement at knowing that there is

an active women's group oncampus todismay

and disbelief. One female. cringingat the sight

of'ourtable. clutched her boyfriend‘s arm. say-
- ing "l'm glad you‘re a chauvinist".

Alter discussing with the veterans of the
organization the obstacles met in previous
years. I believe the impressions I received at
Activities Day are indicative of'two problems
facing the women ol'the university community
and the Women‘s Liberation Group. Primari-
vly. why do so many women shun women‘s
liberation organizations when the campus
appears to be full of liberated females?
Secondly. how does one group with finite
resources succeed at satisfying the seemingly -
finite needs and interests of its members?

It is easy for usat SUNYA to becomplucent
regarding the meaning of women‘s liberation.
We represent one of the largest groups of well
educated. highly intelligent. and cosmopolitan
females in the United States. Teethed on the
middle class maxim that through study and
hard work anyone can “make it". we are secure
in the knowledge that our college degree will
pave the way for us in the real world. There is

no doubt in our minds thatwe will continue to .

be spared the circumstances that befall the
poor. married. and ignorant women in this
country.

We should not. however. become placated
'by what seems to be sexi equality in 'our
microcosm of society; nor for it obscure the
reality of what exists outside these hallowed
halls. (iranted discrimination may not be
overt at SUNlﬁA. but consider the following.
Our student government still has a gross dis¢
proportionate number of males to femalcsin
elected and appointed positions. Only. "one'.
out‘ of? four of SUNYA's faculty and
professional staff is a woman. Men students

 .

continue to dominate classes and meetings

while women let them. (My sources are; repec- -

tively. Student Association. “Work Force

Analysis I973".'assembled by Dolores Ba'rﬁti '
‘cano Schmidt. Equal Employment Oppor- I

tunityv Coordinator, and the combined per-
sontrl experiences of women I knowf

Don‘t think the the'B.S.’s.‘M.A.'s. and

Ph.D.‘s we earn areon'e-way tickets from op— .

pression to equality. via education. 'Women
may compete on a comparable footing with
men for loans to continue their education. but
'the only "diploma" that entitles women to an
equitable credit rating in the eyes of the

business world istheone that grantsthe Mr.s. '

Women are still considered bad risks unless
there is a man to be held accountable.

Attendance to this institution might enable
us to get a job in tune with our male
colleagues. but the outdated social and sexual
mores still deny us the basic freedoms we have
come to know. Agressive and enterprising
females are considered asexual by their fellow
’workers. there are often inherent prejudices in
the social-setups of large companies against
unmarried women. as so the antiquated
gentleman-ask-the-lady custom cripples the
women's independence.

No sum of" money. no number of degrees. no
amount of prestige. not even these white
pillars. can guarantee as the freedom of
nrobility without fear of being raped.

'l he problem confronting the Women‘s
Liberation Group is that of programming for
and‘dcaling with the diverse concerns of the
student body. Unlike other groups who seek
to nurture a particular interest ofa small seg-
ment of the population. Women‘s Liberation
works towards developing the consciousness
and cultural lives of everyone. especially
women. Activities range from consciousness
raising to lobbying: self-help health clinics to

.entcrtainment: meaningful communication

with those within the group as well as those
apart.

If it were a group with a single goal. and one
route by which to attain it. its ranks would be
filled. its course of action planned. and most
likely the mission accomplished. Women‘s
Liberation. instead. has something to offer the
professional. the women‘s libber. the student.
the mother. and the woman at Activities Day

and . 'her  lboyfriend. The feeling of
community with fellow women is not a need of
solely the unfortunate. We too need the
strength and knowledge afforded by the
organization to break down the barriers our
degrees only support with tokenism. Our
group has a purpose at Albany State. and this
purpose must not be dismissed because we do
not have the power to attain our goals as in-
dividuals.

 

 

....
.
$.00“
’.

Kiﬂﬁs'.

0.03.

'-:-:t~:-:'

{'ﬂs

'.

i=5
3.

E,

 

 

by Laurence Pohl. Editor. F TF M

From the Frog's Mouth would like to say hello, and thanks to last year‘s editors Paul O‘Brie
and Gary Selwyn who are currently residing in California. Their enthusiasm and hard work ha
helped establish FTFM as a forum for environmental opinion on the SU N Y campus. This yea
we will attempt to continue the tradition of bringing you interesting and at times controversia
articles dealing with the whole gamut of environmental affairs.

Artist and Environmental Forum guest speaker Allen Gusseau defines environment a.
“a nything other than me."' If we accept this rather all-encompassing definition then we open the

 on via BROMBERG

 

door forany number of'differcnt and exciting topics for discussion. I invite all our readers to sub
rnit articles. “letters to the cditor.”or any observations on the environmental scene you m

 

ave. I promise you a forum for your ideas and a stepping stone for possible action

As an added service of our column we will keep you informed ofany developments coming.
om SU NYA‘s Environmental Decisions Commission (EDC). As a member of the commission,

r-lur one year I recognize the direct effect EDC can have on our campus environment and at th '-

satne time recognize the importance of letting the reading public know what's going on and ho
they can submitgsuggestions and offer opinions.

will contribute articles and by so doing encourage further discussion ol'the topics mentioned.

In short. we have much to discuss this semester arrdll hope that anyone interested in this area -

All articles may be submitted to the From tire Frog's Mouth folder in the ASP office or in the -‘

semester.

wouldn't'uant to forget our friendly frog.

 

I~"I'I-'M Box in the Environmental Forum office. Here‘s to an interesting and challengin

Oh. one last thing. Would the cartoonist from last year's column please call me at 482-3 1 67. w

 

£91.00 wi

. Eﬁtﬁtﬁt'-:”-:-z-.
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Solidarity for Veterans

r'rmtinuedfrom page I I

During the Fall ‘72 semester. I was enrolled
at SUNYA and applied for VA benefits. I got
my first check in February. I blamed it on the
(iovernmentutny ex-(il can tellyou how long
it takes to process paperwork. Lastyearl went
to Hrockport which is part of the SUNY
system. but about one-third the size of
Albany. Amazingly enough this small school
had a full-time person who did nothing but
handle veteran affairs. and incidentally. at
llroekport they do not have or appear to need
an office that refers complaints back to the
veterans‘ co-ordinotor as isthe case at Albany.
At Brockportthecltecksalwayscameontime.

Let me state. emphatically. that I am not
blasting Mrs. Caleruso as I feel that she is con-
cerned and tries to help. How can site help
veterans when she also has to deal with the

.sswa'mv.

heater Council preacnt'si....

many facets ofth registrar‘s office as well?
My only solution. as weak as it sounds. is to
get together with my brother veterans. If we
join together we will at least have solidarity if
not money. If you are interested. call 456-
8282. if I’m not there. leave your phone
number and I'll call you back. If we can get
,togetlrer. we will~ try and work out our
problems instead of bitchingaboul how broke
we are.
Thank you.
Richard Moslrer

 

The Albany Student Press reserves the .l'U/t’
right to prim or edit letters It) lz‘t/itor. Letters
shall/(I be type-rr'rt'tten and submitted to
('(‘326 to be eligible [or ('ull.i‘it/L'I‘(llft)ll. Keep
those cards and letters coming. folk!

O'DI..£

THE EXERCISE

u psychodrumu by Lewis John Curlino

performed by Daedalus

th tux card and ID $2.00 with 10%-
$3.00 for general public. '5'.

Productions of Massachusetts
Saturday, Sept. 14 at 8:00PM in the
Main Theater of the PAC 

hurled by student assoclutlon

 -.-.-:-:t-:-:~:-:é:-:-:-:assassinate-tatarsenaan-z-z-zati

SEPTEMBER 13, 1974

precents:

'JoNA THAN EDWARDS .. ‘
.romv HA MMoNn

Sci. Sept.» 14 2 pm

If you’re planning to go home for the
Holidays, delay it a few hours.
You’ll be glad you did.

PRAY FOR SUN!

In case of ruin, show will be moved to- the 0.0. Ballroom at 2:00PM.

‘ "Tickets will be $3.00 - '  ‘ 

vms Kq papuru

ul‘tl“!l30§§ﬁ "J:

i Look in future ASPs for a comprehensive schedule of this semester's attractions
mMIMIullllllmtlllllullllfllmllllllmlIlll||ulllluulllltyflllllutlllliuullflllullllllmtllllluuflllltt

tumqu

 

 

 

ELECTIONS

0 Student Association Elections will be held
October 1 - 8

0 Nominations ore now open for positions
from all living areas on Central Council

0 Nominotions ore also open for one commuter
representative to the University Senate
and for Class of I976 Closs Council

0 Nominotion forms may be obtained in
the Student Association Office, Campus Center 340

0 Nominations are now open for Who’s Who.

.w.‘

Nominations close on Friday, September 27 at 5 

funded by'
student ossoclotion

 

‘14": 10...)? "VM' V .6.-

‘ f  . w‘Lns .ﬁiwgmm: 31.5.:

 

