 

i
g

at:

- Mia/s. avmt:.~e~?..v.am..at~ecew ,,.<

\

.. ...i.

m TRATION

Hilﬁﬂgti‘r‘

1ll ' ' .rvnltmiﬁl'

.,  m
f v'93'“\l§.

 

 STUDENT PRESS ‘

' Making the Sacrifice

To the Editor:
Concerning the sale oftickets to University
sponsored concerts. it seems to me that when a

_ large number of people are expected to make

th‘e'carly'rush for tickets. it would be logical to
havea representative of the U..C.B. present. to
impose some sort of organization. I realize
thatit would be a sacriﬁce for someone to
spend the night out of the comforts of his/ her
bedroom. However it takes only a few people
to actually book a concert; maybe the rest of
the board ought to do a little more to earn the
free front row seats they are given for every
concert.

Perhaps if some members of the U.C.l3.
were a little more conscientious. there would
be no more incidents such as the one that oc-
curred Wednesday morning.
. David Thomson

i?
t

I.»
I?‘ i
' "F ‘3‘! «

CompristnﬁiiS-itdotion- _

was second let this woman.‘who arri‘i much
later than me sign the sheet‘adjaeent hi5
name. I figured they would buy, [t
between them. the limit. i ‘ .
bought {or 5 and thenshe proceeded to buylo.
What right did she have to buy more then the
number which would equal ltl‘ the
two of them? lwas mad not somuch because I
was sent back a row but because of the prineiL'
ple. I had spent the whole night out for that
spot and was beaten out be someone who
didn‘t. I complained and was told to shut up
by the ticket sellerwho told me lwasn't third.
We proceeded to get into a shouting match. I
had no alternative but to let things stand. 1
would like to thank those representatives of
the U.C.B. for making my morning so plea-
sant and mining an otherwise enjoyable
night.

For future events like this one lsuggest the
U.‘C. B. have a representative there to organize

the line. If they can’t lind someone loffcr my ‘

services for the night of the sale of the Kinks
tickets. They should also print proper instruc-
tions aboutthc formation of a line.

Wayne Novick

A Little Respect

To the Editor:

The administration of the University is un-
der constant attack by students for its poor
decisions. Organiuttions of this naturecannot
please the entire University with their many
decisions and are therefore quite vulnerable to
these complaints. -

As a student just returning from Cicely
'l’yson‘s perfonnancc. 1 cannot help complain-
ing about the behavior of fellow students in
the audience,
of rudenes ‘ ‘ '1 J “pd
dcrsland how i? ,i‘ttte

4 helioicc. can be  hconsiggiaieias to leave in

5‘5" the middle ofa sentence. Is it too ntuch to ask

To the Editor:

On Tuesday evening. October 29,at about
ll pm. I went down to the Campus center
front to begin my wait on line t‘ortickcts to the
Garcia-Saunders concert. A short while later
the crowd had grOWn and we decided to start a
list of names. so that we would have order in
the morning. Each person who arrived signed
the [island joined our merry group. There
were no hassles and no objections to the list.

It was an excellent evening. l thought 1
would havea pleasant morning being third on
line. But I was in for a surprise when the
U.C.B. showed up to sell tickets. We wcrctold

to be orderly and allow the U .C. B. represented

by someone named Roger to search the
building in case anyone had slept inside.
Anyone caught inside was to be thrown out.
After the check. we all proceeded into the
building and up the stairs to wait for the
tickets to go on sale at 8 (2 hours curly).

At the top of the stairs at small group of peo-
ple were waiting. They claimed to have been
waiting outside a side door since about I 1:30.
This presented a problem because they were
not on the list. which U.C.B. said they would
stick to. These people wanted be be pttt up
front on the list. They had no one but
themselves to substantiate their clttims. in fact
It few people front the group out front. clnitncd
they walked around the building between 2:00
ltttd 4:00 and saw no one. We did not want
these people to be placed on the list because it
would push our place on line back.

While tempers rose due to lttck of sleep and
the conflict. the ,U.C.li. straddled a fence.
They wouldn't stick with their cnrly' decision
and refused to listen to what the majority of
the people wanted. Finally they came up with
a compromise. that I felt wasn‘t compromise
at all. The U.C.ll. decided to give the people
not on the list rights to rows 5. (i. and 7 right
and left center. This compromise was unfair to
people who had arrived around “:30. who
were approximately IS on line. Their choice
of seats were pushed back. Who was to really
know ifthose people ltud spent the evening out
in the rear. Isn't it logical to wait in the front
where there was light and noise? There was
music blaring from “:30 on. One of the peo-
ple from the other group claimed they heard
the music. i found this compromise annoying

I was further annoyed by the attitude ot the
person sellingthetickets. He was an insultingI
lndlvidualeas third on line but the guy who

NOVEMBER 6, 1974

of them to leave when the speaker has finished
it portion‘ol his/her presentation? ’

There was absolutely no attempt to keep
their exit reasonably quiet as the bleachers
echoed and doors opened and closed constant»
Iy. 'I'ltesc people scented to have had enough
yet ttndoubtcdly did not scent to care if others
were still interested in what Miss Tyson was
saying. lfstudents cannot respect their peers.
how can they expect any sort of respect. as a
whole. from other members of the University
in situations where student opinion is con-
ccrned‘.’

If this University plans to ltost more guest
speakers. I very strongly suggest the students
ttttending to at least show them the samccom-
mon courtcsies they would give a professor
lecturing. Listening to a professor may not
always be by choice. hula prescntationsuch as
L'ie'cly lyson's this evening. was certainly not
lorced upon anyone.

I am sure my embarrassment and total
_anta/,clnent ol these thoughtless people was
shared by many others in the audience. I
sincerely ltope there were a few who could on-
joy Miss Tyson‘s performance in spite ofthesc
lot. My inttpproprittte behaviors.

Susan (B. Winthrop

Insulting No One

To the Editor:

As if member of-Spcukers Forum. lhelped
tnake the Cicely Tyson event a reality. and I
am enraged that someone could write an urti-
cle on the event and be so shortsighted and ig-
norant as to have the gall to even remotely im-
ply thttt Cicely ’l‘yson‘s readings were racist.

l don't know where you have been living
Mr. Parke. but you apparently have a very
slim knowledge of black history—not that 1
not saying that l have a great knowledge
because ldo not and lam not black. But there
is one thing I do know and that is that the
history of the blttck people in this country is
onc of struggle and suffering. But at the some
on». that there was always struggle and suffer-
|l'l_.! .scry. there was always a great spirit
. _ tfel‘lvctl itself from. I believe.acolorfully
warm and strong culture and heritage—one
that could not be obliterated no matter what

people‘ suffer—on . unfortunate ,
disputablegfoc ' r

pa
watching Human—pain for the black
struggle and l also felt admiration. That. I
believe was the 'main purpose of Cicely
Tyson‘s two great ﬁlm: and her readings: to

see the misery and feel and share the pain. but ,

also to see the beauty and have admiration for
' a people that are as great as anyother people

that have suffered great trials and yet have
managed to survive. and retain grace in life.
Indeed. I have great admiration for Mitts
Tyson. because her portrayals are honest. ldo
not believe that she meant to insult. Indeed to
have been insulted is to have missed her point
and purpose. Cicely wants only. I believe. to
‘ he accepted as a human being—she wantsthat
for herself and her people. To deny her past
and heritage would be to make her something
clscA---somcthing which she could not be and
remain a great black actressat the sometime.
I wrote this letter then because I was hurt.
because this was the first such venture of its

w tltottt the others help. And in carrying out

this event with the sponsorship of both

groups. we meant to welcome both black and
white and insult no one.

Sandy Bodner

Vice Chairperson

Speakers Forum

Reviewing the Review

To the Editor:

In regard to Richard Parke‘s article (ASP.
Nov. 1) on Cicely Tyson. l ﬁrst muststatethat
after reading the review on the appearance
here of Miss Cicely Tyson. lwasdceply disap-
pointed at the quality of the writings that are
employed by the ASP in reviews.

Since lam a member of SA which funds the
ASP who in turn employs the writers I have
decided to state my opinion of Mr. Parke and
his article.

i just can't go along with the statement that
“As a critic it is my pcrogative to write what I
feel.“ You see. you are not a critic. You are no
more than an agent of mine who'sjob it is to
review appearances based upon the quality of
the performer and the way that the perfor-
mance was presented. Your opinion concer-
ning the content is really not what is needed.
An opinion on content catt be formed by euclt
and every reader by his or herself. The position
that writers have is one of great importance
and power. I do not feel that you should be
able to use that position to campaign your
own opinionsat theexpense ol'thosc who fund
you and who really don‘t care about What you
personally think.

You see. I too have an opinion which has
just been aroused by reading the review on
'l'yson. I too feel that [Miss Tyson did not have
to spend her time idﬁting about how mean and
cruel white people are and how black people
are always suffering. She didn‘t have to
because lalong with every other black person
in attendance know these things to bee reality.
And also as M r. Parke said. why should she sit
there and make all those White" people so un-
comfortable.

In conclusion lwould like to say toall black
people so that they won‘t ever make another
white person uncomfortable: Please do not
discuss the problems of blackswith white peo-
ple because they know all too well that they
themselves are the problem. '

' ‘~ »_ Ntu Oyam

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

kind between. Speaker's Forum‘an PE“

 Sid dosed-wan- t,   ' ,

.tss

concerned“: interdisciplinarymaior‘ﬂveoby- r.
are Allen Center. , , ‘ '_ . _ .3 

’ The article by Mr. Mom and Mr. Levant- '
man was essentially an accurate. fair appraisal I
. of theCenter and its program and wejthought ‘
you should know that from our point of View
they did a very good job. -

Generously  ” 

To therl'ld'itor: v

In case you have not heard yet..the Haikus
attributed to me were not mine. This is not
merely a plea for justice to be done and true
credit given to the original poet (I‘m generous.
but only to give a good impression); but alsoa
plea for justice to me: I thought mine were
better. ll~ those printed had been better than
mine I would cheerfully have taken credit for
them. We artists are very sensitive about our
art. but we would kill for recognition.

If you print this letter 1 will be satisﬁed.
Doug Sango

’l'o'the Editor:
1 was disturde when l rcttd in last
I uesday‘s issue (October 28) Bob Mayer's ur-
ticle on the .ltnit‘s campaign. Certainly a
description of that article as "an election
analysis" is a gross distortion ttnd sets back
election interpretation some two hundred
years. l'hc articlcanalyzcd nothingcxccpt Mr.
Mayer‘s ability to see things as they are and
\\ rite things as they are not. it was full ofsnr-
casm and clearly showed the writer's bins for
Mr. Clark. |~bclicrc the .-ISI’ has a respon-
sibility to the people who read the papcrtoex—
plain \\ it)‘ such a I‘tielcs are permitted to appear
Ill tltc paper. Certainly if something is Well
n rtttcn. you don‘t immediately decide tltttt it
merits a lull page. At the very least. don't head
a story like llob's with a caption."an clectiott
analysts." it makes you and the writer appear
\cry nnprolcssitnntl.
.lanc Lever

Recycled Issue

To the Editor:

Last week. whilein the University Library. 1
tried to locate a week-old nettispuper. which
contained an article that had been
recommended to me. I found the issue I
wanted easily: it wason top ot‘a curt ﬁlled with
newspapers near the door of the periodical
room. However. as soon as I picked the paper
up. I was asked to put it down by someone (a
library employee. lpresume)who solemnly in-
formed me that these newspapers were to be
"recycled." I

After verifying that l was indeed being ask-
ed to relinquish a paper i wanted to read in

 order to allow the paper to be “recycled.” I put

the unread paper back on the cart and went
into the next room where. another employee
assured me. I would find another copy of the
issue lwanted. Not at all to my surprise. there
were no other copies of the particular issue I
. wanted: and I therefore conclude that the
library W88 "’€¢'.l“‘ll'l8"ita only issue of a week-
old newspaper.
Malcolm .l. Sherman
Associate Professor of Mathematics .

Letters continued on page mvelve

_.paoa mm

 

 Spelltndn , f _, ‘
.. 'r  .'

