  
   

  
  
      
     
 
   
    
    
     

    
 
    
      
        

 

 
 
 

 
 
 

  
   
  
     
     
    
   
    
    
   
   
       
     
 
 
 
 

 

      
             
          
            
       
           
      
     
      
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
     
    
 
       
       

 

I  .,

by beverly Hm. .  ‘
It was ntimefo’r laughter; It was‘
a time for fun and games. It was alsof

'a time for hanging onto your hat. ln-i

diap Quadrangle's carbivpl. spon-‘
sored by the Speaker‘s Forum. was
one event during Spring Weekend
thatyequired a warm jacket in addi-
tion to enthusiasm.

Strolling through the
“I'airgibunds” at live o'clock on
Saturday afternoon. one had the
feeling he was visiting Altamont Fair
during off-season. Balloons in game
booths flapped incessantly.- and
solemnly in the brutal wind. Cowboy
yelps from a few riotous youngsters
wal‘ted over the fairgounds' empty
greenery. An orange and‘yellow air-
I'tlled “Moonwalk” made b)?“Hap-
py Face“ (Seott ‘h'rt'd"€o‘mpalty:fl I
Iowa). stood-liké'agiant‘.'lonely h‘uhiJI"
ble. the shtilir't'g‘fitcii‘bn 'i‘ts dome'“
looking upiiiid‘cttiiigiyili'ihcskyzitnu
side it. s‘éVe’r'til children j‘u‘iltpeii'hap-
pily"ap and down on its inflated
floor. (A mean walk"is a plastic
strttcturc in which one supposedly
feelslike he.is walkingon the moon.)

Bored "comics" stood beside emp-
ty rides. the strains of rock music.

     

played from a transistor radio in one
of the booths. sounded like a soloist
singing to rows of empty orchestra
seats.

Rides included the "Scrambler,"
and “Round-Up. “ Helicopters and
“Pony Cars“ were set up to please the
children.

In one booth. row upon row of
toilet seats occupied the entire rear
wall. For Stlcents. a player was given
one ball to hurt; it went through
the hole in the seat of the toilet. he
won a prize.

Monkeys with large holes for
mouths stared sadly out at you from
another booth. This game involved
thU use of water “pistols.” Par-
‘tfeiipants fired these guns into the
monkey‘s mouth. raising the water
iévhl in a tube to the top in order to
Win a prize. ‘ 1

When questioned. two 'lndian
Quad residents said they had come
to the carnival out of ctiriosity. “It
was a shame." one girl said. “It would"
have been better if the-“weather was
nicer.“ V"

The carnival, scltcduled to rtin
from Friday evening. May 3. to late

bit“ wIt Wwﬂtﬁyws

Britt-Carnival 1:

Quiet
sity absolutely nothing. In fact. the
carnival paid the Speaker‘s Forum
.to come. -

Speaker‘s Forum will get I5 per-
cent ol' total proﬁts from the ﬁve
rides plus $20 per booth for the ten
booths set up. Money taken in for
the entire weekend is considered in
determining profits. After the ex-
penses Speaker‘s Forum incurred
are paid. the left-over profits will go
to the Student Association.

A spokesman for Speaker‘s
Forum. who arranged the carnival
on Indian Quad. said that the Forum
had been trying to get a circus for
Spring Weekend. Plans for a circus
I'ellthrouglt because circus personnel
felt it would hctoo cold outdoors for
their animals. the spokesman
emphasized tltat although carnivals
have visited other _Sttite
college campuses. this was the first
tiine_a carnival had ever been held on
-tl_ic SUNYA campus.

As i left SUNYA's fairgrounds
late Saturday al‘tcrnooti. a few
.passers-by ambled aimlessly across
the grass. I'he event. unfortunately.
had more spectators than par-

Sunday afternoon.cost the Univer- msmnn

by Alan itrmistni‘iir
SASli Press sort/lee

 

‘ the Peoples Republic ot'Chinu and'theSt'atc University of New York are

currently working on proposals for scientific and cultural exchanges. A Ctlllt-
‘inittce Itas been set up to coordinate these proposals.
‘ Ilie committee consists of members from all of the SUNY schools.

Q

Alter Henry Kissinger negotiated exchanges between the U.S. and China
iii I973 SU NY wasanxious to have exchanges With China. S U NY Chancellor

Izrnest |.. Iloycrdcsignitted the membership ofthe China Coordinating ('nni-
mlttee. He said. “I believe we're putting ourselves at a great potential ilisiiil-
vantage if individual campuses attempt to work out thesearrangemenis in..
dependently." He said it would be much better ifall the State schools united

and coordinated their efforts.

Sonic state schools have already benefited. Delegations of scientists lrotn

t'hina have
' Syracuse.
Stony Ilrook.

visited the College of Environmental Science and hircstry in
the State Agricultural Experiment Station in Geneva amt SU M.

I lie exchanges between China and SUNY are only in the early stages.- and
lutvc so far been limited to scientific exchanges. According to l’t't)|cssor .liing
Choo Lin. a Iliughiiniton Economics I’rofessnr. cultural exchanges could
take quite awhile coming. “I don't want to he too optimisticahoiit titrihercx.
changes. It is too early yet to kttow ltow successful we will be. t‘h‘ina is not it

stupid countr
cycltangcs Just as \\e do."

y. I hey are a serious nation atid they want to benclit Iroin litcsc

lhc t'hina Coordinating Committee will work closely uith lilt' t'L-mmi
'\t||llllllSll‘tllltltlS ()Ilice ol International Programs at Albany, .Illti [I\ to
)llllltlitIlL‘ proposals \\ hich would hcallractivc lot‘liiiiesc institiiiiomWth
particular kinds ol American ckpcl‘lisc and experience. Spcciiili/cd |\.ll|Li~illl
the fields of health sciences. engineering. natural scicnccx. buildup”...
sclctlt‘m and the humanities have been set tip to tidyisc thc ('oiiiniiiiw

t'haiiccllot' ltoycr said ltchopcs that tltc State University “I” pt.iy .i hunting
role III the c\pttttsitltt of cultural and educational coiitactsnittit illl].| \iil.tt
the c\cltangc has been limited to professors Iroiti biitli CtlllltlllLN \\ilri i|.l\k'

\lSIlL‘ti each othcls untteisittcs.

 

 

SHORT Training“:
MONTESSORI! l
Just'2 Weeks July 9 - 20 IN CHICAGO...

Learn how to b'é'Effec’tive with CHILDREN
wine: MAC-C lOlgolgVéZCHGO.,CHICAGO,l
. I

Program
l
l

————————I

 

 

ﬂ?

 

 

4-5»

 
      
 
 

19 “Mill In»

 
  

   

nurturin-
No

\§;/

 

101 Upper Olen
192-9”;

GUNS FAILS, I”.

‘EAYETTE

RADIO ELECTRONICS

The Texas Instruments
SR-to...simple arithmetic
or complex computations

— in the palm of your hand.

0 an extra-function calculator at an economical price.

0 does square roots. squares. reciprocals—as well as addition. subtraction. multiplication

and division.

0 instant 8-place accuracy. from simple arithmetic to complex equations.
0 handles numbers as large as 9.9999999 x 109°...or as small as 10000000 x 10"“.
O Fast-recharge long-life NlCad batteries. AC adapter/charger included.

0 Pocket portability. Weighs only 9 ounces.
0 Automatic (lull Iloating) decimal placement in answers.

0 Bright red display shows B-digit numbers. 2-digit exponents. minus signs. overflow Sign 11”“

low-battery warning.
0 Simple to operate.

9 Guaranteed by TI to be free from defects in parts and workmansh

CONNIE, I”.
lot-lbw" Moll
450-1550

I

r r

I

SCHINICI'ADY ‘I’I'ITSFIIID, MASSi. m
42 Summer St. 9.".-— i
499-1420

Ml Irlo Ilvd.
346-“ II

.. twistswpwt PRESS

 

ip for one full year.

only $89.95

 

/
TUESDAY, MAY '/, l‘t/‘l

 

  

v by tin-mint Nordwlnd .

I When inytricnd‘s mother Iieard her
daughter had been elected to the
SIJM'A chapter of Phi beta Kappa
she advised her. “(ict the Phi Betti
Kappa kcy. \\L‘tll' it arotiitd your
neck. and neycr take it off.”

I he key is the symbol of Phi Iteta
Kappa. and Phi Ileta Kappa is the
symbol of academic cxcellcnceut the
collcgt' leyel. for the first titnc in its
history SUNYA has been granted
membership in the prestigotis
national honor society. Sixty seniors
and tocltc juniors were chosen as
the school‘s first I’hi lleta Kappa
members. '

Like football pcp rallies. Iratcrn-
itics. and bearded professors. l'hi
Ilctti Kappa isan i sltlbiibilL‘d college
tradition. In existence since I770.
l'hi llettt Kappa isthe Rolls Royce of
honor societies: cvcryoitc rccogni/es
the prestige and status ofthe society.
(lne Albany strident. selected lor the
honorary lratcrnity. wasawed by the
significance of entering I’lii Ilctti
Kappa.

" You're associated with PM Itctn
Kappa all your life. liven it yott
become a crimiitat or a pliiip later
on. they still refer to you as a PM
Ilcta Kappa man."

llclot'e any SUNYA student could
be admitted to I’hi Ileta Kappa. the
school had to gain acceptance itt ttic
national honor society. (icttiiig
\lliany into I’hi lieta Kappa “Its no

easy task. I \ptike‘ \tith Arthur

 

Why boycott
Gallo Wines?

Because Gallo
is trying to
destroy the

union its
workers built.

United Form Workers

ol Annette- (AIL-CID)
PO. Box 62

Keene. Ca. 93531

 

 

likhircli. SUNYA Professor. and
newly elected ,l-Iistorian of the
Albany chapter of Phi lIcta Kappa. '
tthtllll‘lilc school's-difliculties.

“I'ltc lillit‘cl'sil)"t:llll‘l nominate
itself to. PM llcta Kappn.“. likhircli
told me. " I he notnination is done by
members of a school‘s faculty
already iii l’lli‘lllettt Kappa from
'prcyious colleges.“

tlnce nominated. l’hi llcta Kappii
sends a committee to the school to
see it certain requirements are
fulfilled by tltc institution. Among
the necessary credentials are: a
diverse undergraduate program in
liberal Arts. a si/ablc library. arid a
high standard of faculty and

. students. It the committee decides

the school is qualified. then the
national organi/atioit iii
Washington totes on the nomina-
tion. "the “hole process cart take
scwt‘ttl years.“ Arthur likhirch said.

Albany missed the boat the first
note around. Si.\ years ago Albany
“as nomliiatcd to PM Ilcta Kappa.
and \\il.\ rejected. Nobody knows ex-
actly \tlty. bttt Izkhirch suspects that
general ociikiicsscs in thc utt-
ilci'gi'iidtiatc program led to tltc
failure.

In its second attempt. bcgttit in
i I‘J7I. hnncwr. Albany uastmardcd
ll chapter iil l’hi ltcta Kappa. llic
\L‘iltttti \HIS admitted by the national
organization Ill March that it could
induct 115 Inst student members in
tlic \pl‘lllg ol l‘)7-l. A date. May L)th.
\\tl\ selected for the induction. of-
IIL‘L'I‘s \tcic morn into their tic“
prutllttlls. illlti students\\ctciioti|icd
of then clcction to Pin Iicta Kappa.
\lhatiy Sttitc hail littally made it.

GLENDALE

 

students ‘u'otlsclected for Phi Beta

Kappa. One. reason of course might «

‘vhavc been grades. The point average

requirement this year was 1.5 for
seniors. 3.75 litrjuniors. l'hisyyas the
standard set by Albany‘s l‘hi lIeta

Kappa. not by tltc nationalorgani/a- .’

- tioit. so it is subject to change in the
future.

Ilut cien it you fulfilled lllL'
grade-point criteria. entrance into
l’hi Ilcta Kappa \tasnot guaranteed.
At least um; course was needed hi
each ditisiou ol tltc College of Arts
and Sciences: Mathematics and
Sciences. Humanities. and Social
Sciences. Ihosc students not in the
t‘ollcgc ol Arts and Sciences can
look for their honorary keys
clscnhcrc: they are not eligible lor
I'hi lleta Kappa.

l he nCiCL‘Iitill process “as done by
a committee of laculty members iii
I'hi lleta Kappa. transcripts of
c\ my senior and junior \\crc examin-
ed Ior poitit incragcand diyersity of
subjects. those that met the criteria
gi\cti to the I)cpttt'llttcltt
c\aluation attd

ocrc
t‘liairnicn tor
rcconiniendations.

"l'hi llcta Kappa should pay for
inc to go to a psychoanalyst." com-
plaincd one sttttlctll uho failed to get
into ilic honor society. "liter since I
didn‘t make l’hi llcta Kappa I‘ve
been \llilt‘l'lllg intense feelings of re-
tcctiiin, I Iccl likct'hiirlicthc lutia."

i'tll' those still iibo\c \tatcr. the
Phi llcta Kappa induction nill he
held iillll'stlil} at N p.lll. in tltet'ain-
post ctitci'.

COLLEGE

OF LAW

A Degree Program nullity

Ina Buttuatu For Cellt. bl! Exam

5 Min. From Downtown Lot Amlu In A Suburban Communltv

Enrollment New Belng Ac
lnqulrln Are Invited By T
GLENDALE COLIIGI
22 NBA“ A

0 I0. ﬁll
OIIIIDAII. CA. "2“

 

Eeptltl for September term
he Dun 0t Admlulont:

OF lAVI

VI

(21 3) 241-0110

"'Why didn‘t 'l i‘iiiitie it?“ was the,
angry complaint of some, SUNYA A

 
  
 

  
   

  
   

  
    
 

     

    
  
 

   

   

Coyne Elected Champ? I 

llavid Coyne was elected Chairperson of Central Council on the second
ballot last night. Eric Klein was elected Vice-Chairperson bypcclanuttion
after over five hours of debate.

v._~.—~—;..,-...~‘.

“’5

t otiticil alternately had between three uitd twocandidatestochoosel'rotn.
cacti alternating in n ho nould drop otit of the race for varying reasons. '

Mfg».

t'iiy'itc has elected on the second ballotaftcr Alan Spivak withdrew. After
t‘oy nc has elected. discussion begun on the position of Vice Chairperson.

I he discussion centered around a poittt brought tip by (iayle Knibloe. She
said. “I apparent reference to Lew l~idler (who scented strongest at the time
according to some). “I feel that Indian isalrettdy too well represented in SA."
I'icsiitcntulzlcct l’at L‘urran. Vice President-Elect Ira Itirnhaum and Coyne
oill all |i\con Indian next year. Knibloc continued: "()verthe past week I‘ve
Itccn speaking to people in SA who represent rite. they have or seemed to
Ittt\ c appeared to respond to my requests. I have. however. received a better
icsponsc from other council representatives such as Al Spivak. Eric Klein.
.\Iiirk \Viildman and I.ew Barr. My point is that Central Council should
begin to open tip SA: they can set the tone by putting someone in the Vice

t 'liairpcrson‘s position who is not already .i'uclosc to peoplealreadyeleetcd.”

7" “$5M...

In the discussion that followed. each candidate wasitllowed a short state-
incnt. fen i'ltiiUl' wondered “if it were the first position voted on. this qties- ,
iniii notild not be raised." Spivttk said: "When people have close social and
political Ilt.'.\. they tcttd to \otc iii the some political stream.

ilth‘llsslttll. long and sometimes heated. ensued about tltc candidates for
\icc t'liiiirpcison. After the first ballot. Mark thidllltttl ',\\il|ttil'c\\ and
thicn his support to Iiric Klein. Voting continncd.as did somediscussiou.

|';it t ‘iirritii. iii a "l'residcnt-Iilect‘s“ rcport.c.\prcsscd his fears\o|thc kind
ot iiiccttiigtltiit \tcnt on. Ilcalhidcd to.and others mentioned.tliccstrentelyi
political and staunch attitudes expressed at Council.

In the Vice-Chairperson race.Mark Waldntan withdrew lifter tit-Tit r~t
halloi. \illll Spiyiik \iithdrcyi after the setenth. the results of the eight nerc
iiicoiichisiic. and Icyt l-idlcr thcii \\ ithdrcw retioniiniiting Spivak. Alter the
clctciith ballot. it has suggested that there might be it change it ctcryonc
chiiiigcd scttlsl that you sometimes are pressured bytlioscsittiog near you.

Ihc tncllth and thiiiccnth hallots resulted in twelve \otcs lor Media and
Into ltIl Spunk. llottitccii \otcs needed to win.)

 

 

 

'r'utaso/tt, MAY 7. 1974-

    

O

Foul-Elf SONY Miro“.

   
 

  

m n.
to 

//V THE WIN/[EL

alt?

9am £95,»:

 
 

13
317

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

i We welcome you
to participate in

AMNESTY

WEEK -~
May 6 - 10 
at a table in the CC lobby ;.:.

Info will be distributed, ' 
opinions solicited, petitions 
and letters to legislators 
offered. 'V

"i

We must heal ‘ .
the wounds of war" .
sponsored'by the chapel house staff I;

 

 

 

PAGE FIVE

