 

 

» Democratic gubernatorial earn
ditlttte. htts'itnttnunud plans to ads
dress SltNYr'student, editors and ‘
radio statioiuyewsitimtorstozm tun. '
Saturday September 28. during a

state-wide Media Cottl‘etene’c spon-  ‘

sored by the Student Association of
the State University of New \‘ork.
(inventor Malcolm Wilson has also
been invited to speak.

State Senator Joseph l‘isstti
(Rep Westehcsterka tne'tuher ot‘ the
State Senate Higher Ettuottiou
Committee and former student
editor. will speak at 8 pm. Friday on
the rights and responsibilitia of the
campus atolls. Legislatiie ethics.
and other pertinent topics

The members ot‘ the S lNY sllt‘
dent media \| ho attend \\ ill question
the spenkcts on higher “location
issues and their stands on these
issues

“ugh Carey In ndire— suns
din-st It inedi- «aim

During his prinetry \Ilmtulgn.
Mr. Carey endorsed many of
SASU‘s positions on higher educt-
tion issues including a SllNY illl‘
lion tits-re and possible rollback.
landing to maintain present faculty—
sttident ratios and to pron‘de in~

 

la (‘immy Combo ........ .. l .35
ttam. etteh.. tostadal
Odd Couple Combo ....... ..l.tlt
tram. burger. soda)
5‘" New Seottlnd Au. Abny
(“pp St l‘etci‘s "\‘thlvxll

 

t Inc-on Dias A-Igoo!
Si! we haw tacos. enchiladas. burritos. chili. chili dogs

led-goo Walton. Also!

Yes! we hate hamburgers franks. subs

(his: a latte tau who. '9
0
she

lotx ~\\l it .s

s Sun. 3 - .\
\e
\..

lake ﬂirts

4‘s! ~ ‘0‘}

 

 

. novativc educational programs. sup-

port of the Mttndtttorv'Stu ent A,
tivity Fee. placing

SUNY governing boards. a broader
tuition stance plttn. a State-wide
work-study program. a student
. littsott ttt the Govemor‘s‘ Olliee. and
allowing students to vote at their
college residence.

(imcrnor Wilson has not yet
made his positions on higher educa-
tiott issues clear to oliicers of the
Student Association ot‘the State Un-
iversity of New York.

State Senator l'isani. an out-
spiken advocate of el‘lcctive educat-
tion legislation. has pioneered the
mncept of the Continuous Learning
\‘ear. pushed for the creation of the

l‘leisehmann Commission to study ‘

the State‘s education problems. and
sponsored the Cook-l’isani bill to
plate: students and faculty on local
College Councils the bill passed
the .\ssentttbly l33-l bttt was held in
the Senate Rules Committee. l’isani
also led the six-year tight to prevent
eonstntction ol the Rye—Oyster titty
Bridge. and w rote and passed a law
going Indians the rigltt to vote in
school hunt elections.

lhe Malia Contercnce will begin
l’tldzl} melting. the 27th of
September. at the NM“: llousc
\loto: Hotel in Albany and will
close .tt noon Sunday. Members of
the ptessate lll\llL\l to hear botlt Mr.
Cate) and Mr. l’istni.

‘1‘?

Sept. 27 & 28

$.50 with tax cord

is

PAGE YWO

7:30 8 9:30

$1.25 without

i thick“ TR-
unit! 3‘ b‘llw‘ .\

Thlodu

 ‘th

 \‘Jl'J'.l ttli‘wkl'

tamkst tn vtutlt‘ttl «initiation

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

/

t/WW

LONDON (AP)——Britatn s L'ab‘o‘r government split on Thursday mm the
nation's future in the European Common Market in a dispute tltat en.
dangered Prime Minister Harold Wilson‘s elcc'ion drive.

A second senior minister. Roy Jenkis. announced ltc would quit the
cabinet ifhis party pulls Britainaut oftbe nine-nation economic community.
Home Secretary Jenkins was echoihgu warning given Wednesday by Shirley
Williams. the minister in charge of consumer affairs.

Almost immediately another member of Wilson's tea m. market opponent

Peter Shore. hit back with a point—by-point criticism or the terms of Britain's

membershipin the Common Market. Heargttcd Britain is pziyingan tinfairly
high price for belonging. He claimed the community's from policy is in .t
“continuing shambles.“

Shore said Britain could find a strong and prosperous future by trading

' with. and investing in. continents and countries outside West [Europe been use

of “the massive and historic changes“ taking pIuCc now in the whole struct urc
of world trade.

lS l'ANliUL. Turkey (AI’) 7 A Soviet guided—missile destroyer exploucd
and sank on a trial cruise iii the Black Sea in what could be tttc \torst
peacetime naval disaster ever recorded. Turkish authorities said lhursday.

l‘ttrk'cy‘s scmiol'l'tcial Anatclia news agency said there were no surviicrs.
bttt gatcno ittdicaitott ol'howtttttny men were aboard. .lztne‘s Fighting Ships.
the authoritative llritislt publication. shows that a comparable American
destroyer carries about 350 men.
correction: Vietnam

WASHINGTON (AP) ~On the eve of President Ford's economic summit.
the central question remains: who should paytltc costs of tightrngtntlatiott"

the question was raised repeatedly during the |0presummtt meetings. L‘s-
pccially by representatives (ll poor. elderly attd lited-incomc groups uh.»
believe they already have been hurt enough by inflation.

l'hcy are not tltc only ones who have sulfcrcd. however. >\|;m (ifct'tlspitll.
the chairman of the President‘s Cottncil oi licottontiekdttscrs. cited .it one
cottlcrencc tlte pligltt of Wall Street. Statistically. (ireenspan said. \\.ill
Street has been ltit the hardest by inflation.

the New York Stock Exchange estimates the tlLtrkEt mine of stocks
registered on the llig lloard has declined by $332 btllton since I972. more
than one-third of thctotal market \alucolthe stocks listed on the e\ch;itige

WASlllNGI'ON (Al’) Nelson A. Rockefeller was criticized lhnrsdtty by
Semtte witnesses who claimed his wealth and his handling at such issues as
abortion anti tltc Attica prison rc\olt make him unfit for the \ IEL"PlL'sldL'llt\

Members ol the Senate Rules and Administration Committee. who
reportedly are ready to recommend Rocketeller‘s confirmation. asked polite
questions and gave no indication the criticism would changetheir positions

Representatives of anti-abortion groups said Rocketeller's policies .t\
gotcrnot of New York lltl\'L‘ made him a national s} mbol of w in! he called
"perntisshe abortion." they said his continuation by the Home and Semin-
would be at signal that the United States goternment ott‘tctally continues
abortion on demand.

COLUMBUS. (in. (Al’) l'otmer l.t, \\tllt;ittt l. (Lille) _|r remained ill
"‘llllill')‘\‘l|5l|“ll' I lttttstlity as his lawyers critteiled the krmt tor Rubi“; to
obey a ledetttl jtitlgc‘s ordci to tree liittt

“It's nothing tnorc lhtln Army arrogance." said kmneth He. "
my‘s cllotls to keep Culley behind bars at it leatcniiorth.

Within ltouts ot _ll.S. District Court Judge J Robert
Wednesday to overturn Callcy‘s My l.ti murder com:
rottstittttiotntl. the Army announced ll \totild seek .2 slit} at th; Jun-U”

llte Atmy also announced that Culley. ordered tram:
l'lliott. "\\tl| not be released from confinement per. ' 
iecotuntcudntions."

l-‘Ilnitt‘sdecisionmarked a stgttitimtit legal noon to
totittet platoon lctult‘t. but ll was still unt‘cit. ~
lttlltl the Mutual) prison where he is st‘lHt
st‘tllcltt‘t‘

NI W Hill k (AM (not Malcolm \\ ilst‘t. \tisi l 3;.
lcntslalttiu llt‘\l \cat to icgtilate use ol huntanstzbvvs
llc \ctortl such it lull last June. \aintg :t ago or:
Wilson ‘ttlltl lllt‘ ll'tll'ltll powtnmeiu tcgtdazcx t.\‘.t'

"I out |uo|vvt llllltlt‘tl bi lt'tlk'lJlllt‘ll-ll‘
l\ toit-tt'il lit illl\ stitlr law

lltos: ties \‘ :..

 

DO YOU NEED A STEREO?
or calculator?
SCE can beat
Wpﬂcu
Coll Stove or Poul or «$57-$35 (eves)
Dotoncey “201’

 

—..—-

SEPTEMBER ‘2'}. 11174

 

 

 

 

 

 

By .Ioitntta Mitsos and Mike Sena

In the waning days of summer last
year. two young Mississippi men.
Caries Hickman attd Calvin Parker
were fishing. A craft tlew ncar thctn
attd three small creatures floated
toward them and held them suspend-
ed tor fifteen or twenty minutes.
these creatures seemed humanoid.
three or tour lcct tall. with no eyes.
no neck. and claws instead of tocs.

In police questioning afterward.
tltc two men were left alottc iii a
room with hidden tape recorder to
catclt any ltittts ol a plattncd fake.
However. no such comments were
made. Various doctors" ex-
aminations ol' tltc tncti described
tltcm as being tcrrilicd. ()nc doctor
concluded tltnt they had definitely
been aboard .1 space craft front
another world. the chief scicntilic
consultant of the Air Force added
that they had bcctt through it terrify-
ittg experience. and should ttot bc
ridicttlcd.

“Perhaps the

own ' mm
These men caught sight ot‘an object
hoveringabout the trees. Whilctltey
loaded their camera. the object dis-
ttppcarcd from sight. but luckily
returned when they were ready and
waiting to film.

the most credible aspect of tire
lilttt is tltc utnatcurishncss of thc
pltotograplty. Moseley insisted. Ac-
cording to the UFO expert there is it
great possibility that these objccts
were real UFOs because the makers
did ttot try to cash in on the pic-
tttrcs.

'l‘hc Ittystct'ious UH) resembled a
lampshade wearing sun glttsscs.

Concerning tltc origin ot Ul‘Os.
Moseley suggested that they could
either bc a mirage or a mistaken
perception of a Ctltnclllltllllll object.
I’crltztps UFOs are the product ol an
unknown etit'llt Cl\‘lll-/i|lltlll from
such regions tlslllc At'tic tltc Antarc-
lie. or thcjunglcs ol South America.
Most-Icy added.

first cownap—

ping in modern history.”

 

lltis story was related by James
Moseley. Chairman ol the National
lll-() Conference and editor of tile
lnntcd Saucer News. Moseley. who
came toStJNYAlvlondtty ttigltt. said
he has been considering these cott-
Iottnding cosmic cases tor twenty
years.

Moseley showed a tilttt that two
tttcti itt Lost Creek. Wcst Virginta
took en route to it little League game.

Perhaps Ul‘Os conic lrtitn
another more advanced platth or
solar system. said Moseley.

another dimension

Moseley suggested another
theon to explain lll"()s. He claims
lluit lll'()s c.\tst as a permanent part
Ill tltc cattlt's envirottntcnt from
“another dimension“ and are only

seen under certain unknown cir-

cumstances. Moseley added that he
does not want to be known as a
“crackpot.” ‘

Moseley related another seeming-
ly uttexplicable incident that oc-
currcd itt llt97.

In Leroy. Kansas. a l'artncrnamcd
Alexander Hamilton. his son. ttitd tt
hired hand noticed sotnc untimely
conver "ttion and clamor on the part
of their animals. In awe tltc tltrcc
tnctt beheld a craft with translucent
bottom hovering about 200 feet
overltcad. Six crctttttrcs began rattl-
ing tilt" in their own tuttitcgibberish.

' The craft swooped down OVera felt“
and tassoed ti nearby cow. hauled it
into the ship and took off. This is

, “perhaps the first cownapping in'

modern exclaimed

Moseley.

history."

Htiwcvcr.‘ to add an ironic end to

the story. the skin and bend of a cow i

were found on a neighboring farm
with Hamilton‘s brattd on it.

Moseley added that for ttnkttowit
reasonilJFO sightings tend to hover
over electric power lines attd nearby
cars. Radios and television sets tem-
porarih cease to function it] their
presence.

UFO airport Jam "out"
speaks about strange comic
phenomenta.

Carl Touhey Returns to Politics

by Mike Igoe

"I feel that Carl 'l‘oultey senator
cttn be more of a man of action than
Carl 'l‘oultcy private citizen cottld
he...

Willi that statement. businessman
Carl 'l'ouhcy explained his re-cntry
into politics as the Republicati-
Liberal candidate for State Senate in
the 42nd district.

I'oultcy. who catnc within 3.000
votes of unsettling Alba tty‘s lottgt itnc
mayor. Erastus Corning in last
November‘s election is pitted against
Democrat “"Witrd Nolan in the
race. Despite the loss in the mayoral
bid. 'I'ouhcy was encouraged by
some post-ballot box results.

“After last lnll's clcctiott. the last
thing I ever wattch to see again was a
political campaign But then I began
to notice that many of the things I
said brought about some changes. |
tltitik itc'ic seen more changes itt
Albany in the last nine months than
the last tllllL' years."

l'ottltcy points to city-wide trash
collection. new training programs
tor building inspectors. and more-
opcti bidding procedures as ex-
amplcs.

[Encouraged by the cltccts his catn-
paign produced. the businessman
decided to full tor oliicc again after
Senator Wnltcr Langley announced
his t‘ctircmcnt.

When asked it hc would bcablcto
bring about any changcs on tltc locttl
political scene its a senator. lottltcy
replied. "Definitely. People like
(Senator) Walt Langley and (former
Assentbyman) Ray Skitsc have
provcn this."

Langley and Skitsc \tcrc tltc driv-
ing loi'ces behind a bill that would
lorce Albany to hold a referendum
to determine wltctltcr Albttttytuis
wanted ati clcctcd school board.
Albany \titcts later otcrwltcltnittgly

approved the elected board.

I oultcy added that his enthusiasm
is spurred on by the emergence of
the county as a strongunit. lle ttotcd
that the city is itt el'lcct merging ittto
the county and that the senator Irotn
Albany Cottntycottld play an impor-
tant role in locttl political action.
"Obviously Howard Nolan won't be
critical of the Democratic machine
since lie is their candidate.“ he
observed.

l'oultcy also otttlittcd some of his
legislative proposals.

()nc til his major concerns lics itt
tltc area of school property taxesllc
notes that lite years ago. New York
provided money Iot‘tibottt hall'ot the
state educational 'l'oultcy
claims tltnt the percentage has now
slipped to (ill-40 \\llll llte school dis-
tricts bearing tltc gt'ctitcr burden.

Costs.

 

 

 

HOME OF THE

oanolt’
rum cakes

 

(AFFE’ ll‘ll'AlLllA

664 Central Avenue

the finest in Italian pastry!

open 7 days:
Mon~Thur 10 am to midnite
Fri-Sun 10am to 1 am

vvvvv vvvv

CAPPUCCINO l
482-9433

spumom‘
tortom’

 

A‘AAA

Witter From the Finest

mon - sat
9 am - 9 pm
482-1425

 

 

Pine Hills
Wine & Liquor Store, Inc.

870 Madison Ave
(just above Ontario St.)

Uiuutwuio iu the WMM’

gift wrapping
chilled wines

free delivery

 

 

 

 

SEPTEMBER 27, 1974

ALBANY STUDENT anss

l he candidate believes that “high
school property taxes are threaten-
itig home ownership and the quality
ot education."

If elected. l'tiuhey said he would
sponsor a bill to restore the old 50-50
mark. llc Iccls tlttit eventually the
state could go a little further. bit!
that his measure was one that could
be dottc right ttwtty.

l'ttuhci ucnt oti to explain part of
his "Seven Point Legislative
Program." aimed at rcl'omts in the
legislature.

“Each year approximately H.000
hills are ttll t'oduccd ill a cost oi about
$20 tl page to thc tttspttycr. Out of
this number. only around 400 get
enacted. lltis practice has got to
strip." lltc plan also attempts to
eliminate lltc .ttinttttl rush ill the end
ol the legislatoc scssiott.

.. .
gr huh WI
ll k“ um tltnu
lltull \luh truth
"\I "M .“.M"'M‘
r \t-titrsylit-t ' M ’
Ill OI!
ttrlt - “Witch

PAGE THREE

 

