wag gammmew..mw, .

 

, wetei therewerewnot over the
(undeniably excellent) .quality of the

-'peirl‘orma‘ncee. but over which band was

better—Fusion or the Eleventh House.
Michael Urbaniak‘s' Fusion was the real

‘ surprise of the evening-Armed with a custom;
_ . electric-solid body-five string cross between a
- violin and a viola, complete with pedal'

synthesizer hook-up, Urbaniak created sortie

interestingly effective sounds. He led the other _
members of the band 'very well, knowing when t

'to step‘ up front and when to lay back in
rhythm. -

But the star of the group is Urszuls
Dudziak, Urbaniak‘s wife, whose vocals are
brilliantly, unbelievably beautiful. She has
extrapolated the scat style of jazz vocalists like
Ella |Fitzgerald to its ultimate electronic
conclusion. There were no lyrics. she relied
upon her voice as the perfect instrument, an
instrument run through a synthesizer to
extend its range and versatility.

Urszula also handled percussion, doing an
excellent job on the electric bongos, but her
voice is the band's most potent instrument.
Her solos, almost spiritual in nature, left the
audience astounded, wondering just how the
Eleventh House was going to be able to top
this.

But once the five Eleventh House meinbers
wandered onto the stage and launched into
their music, all doubt was gone. They shot
straight up, settling somewhere between
amazing and perfect.

Concentrating on the numbers from their
ﬁrst albuﬁﬁlllnﬁmemg‘MWEff—mlh House
with Larryftlmyellt'tlttfydldexterlded versions

 

 

_ tradition
I emeat/solo/ stat‘ernent,; using formal
composition only an foundation on which to
improve and improvise. Throughout the
evening. they were: tight, cohesive. "and loud,
hypnotic. and—along with Fusion— they
ﬁnally gave SUNYA an idea of what a really
fine concert is all about...  , _' '
It wasn't until halfway through the second
. show that Coryellstepped up to the nlike to
announce solos from Mike Mandel on piano
and synthesizer and drummer Alphonse
Mouzon. but it was well worth the wait.
Mandel is. as Coryell introduced him, a
genius on the keyboards. He is fast,
unpredictable, original and even comic
(screaming in themidst of his solo. in German,
“Ford ist eine grosse scheisekaupl"). He has
been playing with Coryell, as well as almost
everyone else. for over ﬁfteen years, and in
spite of his blindness he is one of the best
keyboard players in either jazz or rock. Lack'
of physical vision does not hinder his musical
vision from extending far beyond that of most
other musicians.

Combining all thediversity, complexity and
unpredictabilitny a jazz drummer with the
power speed and emotion of a rock drummer,
Mouzon gave' a solo that at times seemed
reminiscent of Ginger Baker, at times of ,Ca'rlr
Palmer, but was ﬁnally, uniquely his own.
Coryell describes Mouzon as “the most
superhuman drummer l've ever. played with,”
and sitting behind his large array of drums he
does indeed look larger than life. Performing
on two base drums, his foot roll and an
occasional “specialty“—-a sweeping single
stroke roll across the entire drum kit—
convinccd the audience that Coryell'tvas righl.‘

Assisting Mouzon in setting down aheavy,

of “Joyride”.“Yin", "Funky Waltz", and other . solid, background rhythm was Danny Trifan.
COMPOSIHOM' "105‘ 0" .‘hcm “men by bassist. Perhaps not as flashyas the rest of the

behind ntinucd growth as a guitarist.

 With each passing album Coryell has

was released, miscrng Randy Brecker. With
. ivflugelhorn; ring.rnodulator and
. al, he takes the pics of a whole
horn sectiondand his leads rival anyone's for
speed, accuracy and clarity. ,
Which brings us to the guiding light of the
Eleventh House. guitarist extraordinaire
Larry Coryell. He's spent' the last decade or so
of his life reciting up a reputation and a
following among jazz fans by playing small
clubs, doing ' back-up work for other
musicians. and releasing six of his own
albums. With the Eleventh House. Coryell is
entering a new stage in his career, where he can _
sit back and hes member of the group without

.the stress of constantly being in the spotlight. -

Coryell sees himself as a student, he wants to
leamleverydthg; this is one of the reasons

expanded his lirnits,.incorporating what he

* has leamedfrom otherguitarists-he was very

strongly influenced by Jimi Hendrix, most
clear on Lady Coryell. '

On Friday night he was excellent. People
came expecting him to be fast, loud and good.
He was faster, louder, and better. His leads
were ﬂawless, and he also proved himself to be

'an excellent rhythm guitarist.

At one point in the concert, as the other
members walked off the stage. Coryell stepped
up to the mike and announced “l'm going to
do a guitar solo now.“ Amidst the applause he
picked up a large hollow body F-holc Gibson,
and proceeded to playaslow,’ gentle song. The
first time, his performance was marred by

distracting guitar chord that crackled each

time he moved. But by the second show. the
trouble was corrected, and the solo came off
we”.

“amrnuerearrmeoplayag at the no thlaweelt. There wllllsea
review the Tuesday after Thanksgiving.

 

New Genesis 8 Nektar albums now in stock

 

TASTE .

 

come see' us at

43440085

 

84 central ave. I

IF YOU HAD THE FORESIGHT
TO BUY TICKETS FOR SUNDAY'
WE LIKE TASTE.

WE 'LL

CONCERT, YOU HAVE
REWARD YOUR TASTE
BY OFFERING A 10% DISCOUNT ON ANY PURCHASE. ALL YOU
HAVE To DO Is TURN IN YOUR TICKET STUB FROM THE KINKS
ONCERT. IT'S As SIMPLE As THAT;

3 dilllg‘li (ﬂ 93MB

ticket stubs cannot be used

with ripoff coupons

offer ends ll/30/74

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

NOVEMBER 22, 1974

Educating Ourselves

All Open Letter: .

' As students of this university, as AmeriCans,
we are appalled and we are outragedl There
has been absolutely no response from this
"educational" institution to the status
achieved by the “Palestinian Liberation
Organization“ in the United Nations. In View
of current P.L.0. attacks, most recently the

.vicious attack at Beit Shean, We are amazed at
' the lack of unified response. .

How can we, as "educated" individuals,
allow such a situation to exist“! We as students
have the power to effectively protest. In this
decade especially, student protest has proved
to be very powerful (i.e.. Vietnam).

Murders are not to be compromised with.
Animal minds cannot dictate world affairs.
Killers are not to be afforded the status of
diplomats. Brulalr‘ty is not characteristic of
statesmen!

An "olive branch" is to be carried in thc
namcofpeuce. not inthc name ofmur'dcrand
brutality.

Francine Jucohs
Susan Goldczcr
Adrienne Zuckcrhcrg

Facing Reality

To the Editor:

We are shocked but not surprised at the
attitude expressed in the letter to the editor
regarding “Unitary Palestine“ in last Friday‘s
ASP by Charlie Meyer. Just as the facts
relevant to the conflict in the Middle East are
being misconstrued by representatives of the
nations of the world at the U.N.. we ﬁnd the
same error here in Albany.

Does the Palestinian Liberation
Organization in fact represent a political
reality? No. It is a tool of the Arab leaders in
their ultimate goal of the destruction of the
state of Israel. As seen in the ten-point policy
statementadoptcd bythe Palestinian National
Council, in Cairo, on June 1-8 I974, the PLO
will stop at nothing short ofcliminating Israel.
ll rcrtfﬁnns that peace is impossible without
“restoration of full rights of our Palestinian
PCOPIC particularly its rights to repatriation
and self determination on its t'Illlrt' national
soil." This leaves no room forun Israeli state.
Any seeming concessions, such as the
establishment of a mini—Palestinian entity.
Were explained by Arafat as a “phased policy
which makes us hold brick various projects
and formulas and impcls us to reconcile what
is currently possible with our ultimate
A'!ruleglcobjcctiva."(Lt' Mrmdc. Dec. 5, I973).

HOW can we believe that the PLO's goal is a
"dcmocratic,. .non-scctztrirtn. unitary
l’alestine"as Mr. Mcyerwrotc,whcn the PLO
itself regards dcmocrtttic procedure as
unnecessary? The PLOdocs not represent the
“l’hlcstinian People." There is no evidence
that the PLO rcprcscntsanyonc other thanth
10,000 or so terrorist-guerrillas that “I”
under its military command. No attempt to
solicit the support of the Palestinians mill 1.
claims to represent, has been made. I lrcn w v
basis for such a claim is self-uppmulim‘m
enforced 'with barbaric terror.

Jordan Is,‘ in reality, the Palestinian state

NOVEMBER 22,'1974

l

since its population is over 50% PM man;
Jordan‘s '
strengthened, by ‘the fact that twelve of the
twenty ministers in the present cabinetof
Amman and 'seven of the twelve members of
its delegation to the Geneva Conference are
Palestinians. ' '

The Arab leaders have no sincere interest in
the welfare of the Palestinians. They are
merely using the PLO to their own political
advantage. (The PLO was created by the Arab
governments themselves at their first summit
meeting in Cairo in I964 as an instrument for
waging terror warfare against Israel—N. Y.
Times. Nov. I4, I974). Since I948 there have
been Palestinians Irvrng tn tsrael and tn the
Arab States. Those who remained in Israel
have been integrated into Israeli society. 0n
the other hand, the Arab governments have
seen fit to further fire hatred against Israel by
forcing the refugees to live in sub-human
comps.

It is not Israel that is depriving the
Palestinians of their right to self-
determination. It is. rather, their Arab
oppressors who are subjugating them
economically and politically. It is the
unnecessary suffering that the Arab
governments have been inflicting upon the
Palestinians that has created a "national
consciousncss."

Mr. Meyer should recognize that it is time
the Arab governments accept the political
reality. The Palestinians are living in rcfttgcc
camps administered by the Arab
governments. They are the ones who are
responsible for the welfare oftlte Palestinians.
It is up to them to rcndcrjusticc. As a result of
the latest Arab summit conference in Rabat.
Morocco. the PLO is being subsidized by the
Arab govemmcnls in the amount of $50
million a year. This money will go exclusively
towards arms and further terrorrtgainst Israel.
Surely. the Palestinians would benefit more if
these funds were spentdiicctlytina programof
rcscttlclncnl and ‘integratiort‘fpw ' '1

Since the Palestinian Liberation
Or‘gunitalion is an illegitimate organization
serving the ends of Arab belligcrcncy, Israel is
justified in refusing to recognize or negotiate
with it.

'l‘hccxccutivc council of the Jewish Students‘
Coalition

Glenda Gallcr

liob Goldberg

Jeff Hoffman

Tania bevy

Elaine Satkin

Dvccra Sega]

NO Punishment

To the Editor:

In his letter (Nov. I5) Mr. Charlie Meyer
advocates the destruction of the state of Israel
and the establishment of a secular state “in
which Jews, Moslcms and Christians can live
in peace“ trndcr Moslcm control, of course. It
is clca r that Mr. Meyer is ignorant of history.
Jews never lair well under Moslcm control,
c\'cn bclorc the establishment of the state of
Israel. It is also clear that Mr. Meyer is
ignorant of the situation in Israel today (or
docs Ire choose to ignor it'l). Moslems,
Christians and Jews are living side by side in
Israel. Ihcrc arc Arab members in the
parliament (holh Moslcm anti Christian).
Sonic Arabs cvcn published articles Ill
newspapers in Israel. without being punished.
in which they call for the destruction of tile
stale ot Israel (what Arab state will permit a
Jew to call for the destruction of the state in
which he Iivcs‘i). Only when these Arabs try to
act bycommittingactsof sabotage or espionage
are they arrested (none have been excutcd).

Why doesn‘t Mr. Meyer call for the
sccnlari/ation of Saudi Arabia ,or lelll or
Syria, or for this matter, any Arab state
(except Lebanon) in which Moslcms govern
and Jews suffer? I suggest that Mr. Meycrturn
llltr energy to areas in which he is more
Iarnilinr. As for the Arab refugees that left
IxmcL may I suggest that they receive
wlrutvwr pr Ipt't'lics tiltll were left in the Arab
~.-t.l‘i.'t It most: to the one million Jewrsh
*2 II were forced to ﬂee a country In
my and their parents were born and

Amnon Birenzvilc

Dept. of Atmospheric Science ,

"qualification" is further‘

' Rippirlj‘l’h’o‘rﬁ 

'To the Editor: I
In his denunciation of PlRO’s proposed
mandatory/refundable contribution. plan.

- Ken Wax (A SP._Nov. l5) hits the mil right on
‘ the head. What was that PIRO slogan?“Fight

power with ooWer". How about “Fight ripoll‘s
with )ripoffs"? '

PIRG leadership knows very well that some
students don't care to donate to their noble
organization. Why should these students have
to trek over to the Administration Building
and play games at the Bursar‘s windowjust to
regain money that they did not wish to
contribute in the first place? The whole idea
reeks of arrogance and self-righteousness.

Sure, three thousand SUNYA undergrads
petitioned forvoluntary fundingof PlRG. But
how many would have signed if theyiknew
the PIRG definition of "voluntary"?

And then the real joke. The ASP. that
stalwart defender of students‘ rights (real and
imagined), supports the
mandatory/refundable proposal. How abom
tltc student‘s right to reject this petty
shakcdown? Well. ASP likes PlRG', so forthe
time being. principle accedcs to what's
“practical”. As John Roche said recently, it all
depends on whose ox is getting gored.

John J. Firrerty Jr.
33 Buchanan St.

Supporting PIRG

To the Editor:

This letter is in response to Ken Wax's letter
of November I5, in which he advocates
voluntary funding for NYPIRG.

Mr. Wax fails to realize that the method of
fund collection is irrelevant now. What'
matters is that students havovoiceda desire to
support NYPIRG (as evidenced by the
response to last year's petition campaign) and
that monies should be collected in the easiest,
most expedient way. A voluntary collection
system would be a waste of time. since the
soliciting of funds from students would
ex pcnd time, cffo rt and money which could be
devoted to consumer-related projects.
Compounding the problem is the fact that
door-to-door soliciting is prohibited on
campus. NYPIRG would be virtually
powerless to collect funds from a student body
which has expressed the desire to support and
fund it.

To operatccffectively, NYPIRG must hireu
professional staff (lawyers, coordinators, etc.)
to assist the group in its work. It would be
impossible to employ a professional pgrson if
the group had no stable funding base. What
job sccurity could NYPIRG offer such a
person?

Another misconception held by Mr. Wax is
that NYPIRG has asked to be budgeted via
the mandatory/refundable system. This
option has been abandoned; the group realizes
that such a system is infeasible at this time. and
is in the process of finding an tlltemtitc means
of fund collection.

Mr. Wax compared NYPIRGto such social
service organizations as Red Cross, Heart
Fund, and USO. He argued that, since these
groups were able to function effectively
through voluntary funding, NYPIRG should
be able to do the same. It should be
understood that this comparison is not a valid
one: in addition to providing social services,
NYI’IRG is first and foremost a student-run
group which functions to give students the
opportunity to effect a change in society.
Students run the local board, decide which
projects they will undertake. and benefit from
the experience they gain in the areas of
investigation, lobbying, organization, etc. In
addition. many NYPIRG members are

ALBANY srupan'r Passs'_

academiti experience at SUNYA. Slums.
have expressed a llan iupportﬂ _
and thus endat least apart of titsapathywhleh
overwhelms the campus. la .tbls . 3
opportunity we can afford to ignore? '
Gayle Weinberg
Community Relations, NYPIRG

Supporting Parking -

l'l‘o the Editor: ,

Your coverage of ‘on-campus parking has
included incorrect statements, questionable
reasoning and unsupported assumptions. In
particular, the assumption that only a few
members of the faculty support reserved
faculty parking is incorrect. The enclosed
letter presents a common view expressed to me
by many members of the faculty.

l have omitted the name of the writer; the
views are shared by many and. therefore, one
person' should not be singled out as a target
for harassment.

Bruce B. Marsh
'UUP Incorporated
, SUNYA Chapter President.

Professofllruee Marsh
Physics Department
President, Union

Dear Bruce: .

l havebeen folkxwingmithtmmsintcrest the
long struggle to get reserved parking for the
faculty. Now that the Union has ﬁnally won.l
have decided to join it. This incident has
demonstrated two things: I(l) as a guardian
for faculty interests, the Senate is bankrupt;
(2) the only effective faculty voice on campus
is now the Union.

I‘ve never really been an advocate of
collective action; at heart I‘m an individualist.
However, the combination of administrative
weaseling on the parking problem and student
attacks have finally convincedme there is no ‘
alternative. The ASP'x continuing strident
anti-Union fuhninations have constituted a
far more effective public relations campaign
than anything you could possibly have
mounted yourselvesl

Please send me a bill for thedues,.pro-rated
for the remainder of the year. beginningtoday.
I do not want a payroll deduction.

Rob! Rob!

To the Editor:

I want to thank Bruce Maggin and his staff
for the excellent coverage you provided us
with all yearlong. Your role isa key one in our
success as on-campus publicity is vital to the
growrh of our program. I have always been
impressed with the professional job our on-
campus media do.

Again, my personal thanks as well as the
tquad's and staff's.

Robert Ford
Coach of Football

 

'v Theﬁilmny Student Press reserves tlr
(sole right to print or t’t/fl Letters to tit
Editor. Let/er: should be typewritten an
submitted to CC 326 to be elt'glblefor on

Islderatkmo “2.” Al '
Keep Ihoset'ards, and letters" comm
alksl .

 

 

 

enemas—d 

 

 

