.... ._.‘..—- “penance... ..~,,.. -, A,“ .  .

 

. .. .A—ﬂ..o~h

 

 

r
. i
l
t


...-._,,'bi...pr:. A-» -./A- .‘e. .

.3. «roadway/w». Wu- »~ .‘

A J 'thentakesaseatamongth»

worshippers while two members in-
dividually approach the, pulpit and

read from the Lectionar}. When he.

crosses his legs. his white vestment
raises up to reveala pair of torn. dirty
jeans. 1 ‘

‘ “Faith is the reality of relatedness.
The God wespealt of is abstract un-

ACLU crime-r
Soon at sumo

A chapter of the American Civil
Liberties Union is being organized
on the Albany campus. The campus
group will promote the goals of the
national organization which are
primarily to inform individuals of
their rights and protect them when
their liberties have been violated. In
addition the campus chapter will
serve as a forum for debating issues
relevant to citizen rights.

An organizational meeting Thurs-
day evening in the Campus Center
will be held for interested people. A
time and room will be posted prior to
the meeting. If anyone needs any
further information please contact
Sharri Marks at 457-5207 or Bob
Mayer at 472-95l8.

less we communicate 'hirn among

ourselves.” says Jay as his regains his '

place. He uses no lectum but speaks
casually and directly without
' reading. He then tells ajolte about
the princess and the frog and the
whole congregation breaks.from
tradition and laughs quickly. “Our
worst fears are the ugly frogs by the
pond.” says Jay.
His wcrds are down to earth and
touch each individual without being
dramatic or loud. He recites the

lettering on a cotton banner that.

hangs from the top of the pulpit

which says. “Because you have loved .

me. you have made me lovable and
capable of loving." .

A ﬂutist joins the musicalduo and
plays to the tune of Peter, Paul and
Marys‘ ‘500 miles.“ the song. “One
in bean. one in mind." The passovcr
litany is said and .lay serves commu-
nion while all sing‘PKum BahtYal‘All
the members then tum in their
neighbor. shake hands/and wish each
other. “Peacet Be With You."

At the finish. there is coffee out~
.side and Jay mingles with thedepar-
ting congregation. 'A student of
Material Engineering at R.P.l.
remarks.“lt‘s really great when Jay
says mass. . I' learn from what he
says." Another replies. “He's the best.

friend you‘ll ever have. There‘s
nobody like him around and he‘s
funny too."

Jay returns to the sacristy,
removes his vestment and stole,and
he prepares the host for the wedding
he will perform in an hour. Besides
the trituals he executes at the
Troy religious and cultural center,
Jay. age 28. isa full time counselorat
R.P.l. He began his education at
Yale and received his Bachelor of
Arts degree in Literature from St.
Johns University. He then con-
tinued at Catholic University in
Washington. DC. to receive PhD‘s
in theology and psychology.

Jay Helps Alleviate Pain.

Jay. standing 5‘8“ lights up a Kent
l00 as he explains why he chose to be
a member of the clergy. “I have
chosen to make my life available to
others. I found that there is un-
necessary pain in human lives. lfelt
that this unnecessarypain could be
eliminated by the process of the
church." \

While the other two priests who
serve mass at the cultural center also
live there. Jay perfers to live in a low
income housing project near the

Mahavishniu John McLaughlin,
the Mahavtshnu Orchestra with
Jean-Luc Ponty, and the London
Symphony Qrchestra conducted
by Michael TtlsonThomas,all on
one exceptional album produced
by George Martin.

A rare and powerful '
musrcal experience:"Apocal use?
Illn Columbia Records and apes

cumin-miss rum-ass

I ll'waueally surprised wh
Phillip imarried. They really pill
them Ives on, the line. I admire
em  re responding.“
Just thenthree'young girls entered

v and ‘confi'pnted Jay with the ques.

wealth was accumulated during.th'e
medieval period." I .

During a brief interview. 'Jay
openly reveals his opinions.

“What is the importance'of ’

celibacy?" ‘ I. I
. Cellbacy Isolated No Good

Anything that 'radical should‘

come of a free choice. Celibacy isn't
particularly valuable in itself.“ be

' said.

“D6 you agree with the church”
position on abortion?“

' “The chufch.” replied Jay,“does
1not know precisely when it becomes
a child. so it assumes the safe
position! I‘m really between the
devil and the deep blue sea. 'There's
something about irresponsible
decisions that frightens me. lwould
prefer that there were no abortions.
But I would not want that to be in the
hands of the law. lcouncil people on

honesty rather than selﬁshness."

“Do you think marijuana should
be legalized?" ’

“Oh sure. alcohol is. You can‘t
guarantee that people can use things
well."

A Belly Danceﬂ'

“If you weren‘t a priest, what
would you be?”

“A belly dancer. No—probably
something similar. I‘m not in a role
and I‘m not constrained."

“What do you think about the
Berrigan brothers?”

“I‘ve met them. I went to their
trial in Baltimore when I was still in

Paul (Pope Paul) lives simply. The "

‘ tion. “What does quote. upqttolc
mean?” One informed him that there
was a worm in his holy, water and
upon investigation he advised her to
remove it.

“Do you think the church will sur-
vive in the 2lst century?“

"If church is faithful to the
Gospel.” says Jay, ‘fchurch can end
with a band or with a whimpcrandit
whimperisharderto detect. It might
be a very strong thing in the lel."

“What is your opinion of Billy
Graham?“

“I don't thing Christian Churches
should compete with each other. i
have real-problems with understan-
ding how he tied up Christianin with
status quo Americanism» cspccially
in his relationship with Nixon. I
respect Billy Graham as a dynamic
speaker."

He exits from the sacristy inst as
the young groom approaches.

“Good afternoon father.“

Jay laughs and says. "Good ttllcr-
noon my child.“

Stop the Bomb!

(CPS/2N8) The Atomic Energy
Commission has quietly ordcrcd ll
of the 50nucleur power plants ill the
U. S. to shut down tcmpornnly
because of mysterious cracks
developing in the plants” cooling
system‘ pipes.

Cracks in the pipes haic bccn ills-

covcrcd in at lcast thrcc pltlltls. illlli '

as a rcsult.-thc AEC wants to ex-
amine lli other similar plums.

I ' . Appearlng at the Palace Theatre, oct.19th

 

The-Nationalprganization'foiihc’lt «morn-at ‘ u [(NORML)‘

has challenged the recently releaseo Repori of the Senate Sticoin

-ternal Security. In the Report's introductory remarks.wthe subcont ittces

.a

Chairman. James _O. Eastland.‘claimed-the use of marijuana represents f‘a
trend towards national disaster."_ ‘ _ 'cj . ,
The Mississippi Democrat said if the current rate of marijuana‘use con-

tinued. Americans might find themselved "saddled with a-Iarge'population of_ ,,

semi-zombies.” I ,

NOR ML Director Keith Stroup called the Eastland'Reporty‘the most
amazing piece of selflserving fiction and distortions to come out of the Con-
gress since the McCarthy hearings in the early l950‘ . The subcommittee:

Report in no way represents a consensus of scientific opinion. either go‘vem- _

ment or private. The Report is an embarrassment to those seriously in-
terested in the problems of druguseand abuse in our society, and adisservice
to those who are objectively attempting to determine the possible harmful
effects of marijuana.“ ,

“Propaganda of the proportions of the Eastland Report can only have
tragic and brutal consequences." Stroup continued. “Unfortunately. some of
the law enforcement community may respond to the Report by increasing
arrests of marijuana smokers. The plain truth.“ Stroup concluded “is thatlhc
criminal law has not worked and will not work where marijuana is concern-
ed. The result can only bc harmful and costly to both society and the in-
dividual.“ ‘ .

’ in challenging the Report. NORML made the following observations:

“Senator liastland flatly refused to permit anyone to testify unless they
sharcd his views about marijuana‘s potential forhurm. and the resulting six
days of hearings were an admitted one-sided presentation. The Senator says
in the Report‘s introductory statement. “We make no apology. therefore. for
the one-sided nature of our hearings —-— they were deliberately planned this
way.“ (p.V) '

“Much ol the tcstimony attempted to connect the use of marijttanttwith
Communism and “the new lcl't.“ Senator Eastland apparently wanted to
depict marijuana as a devious Communist plot in order to justil'yjnrisdietion
for thc lntcrnttl Security Subcommittee. itself llll anachronism of the Mc-
Carthy era.

"Scnator liastland showed overwhelming concern about exaggerated
marijuana claims. bttt dc-cmphasizcd the clearly demonstrated serious harm
from alcohol and tobacco. "...'l'hc dangers ofcannabis (marijuttna)arc much
closer to lhcdangcrs of heroin. in scope and quality. titan they areto the ad-
mitted but far more limited dangers of coffee or tobacco —— or. for that
matter. alcohol.“ (p. XVI) From the Senator‘s statement. his concern for
\ pttblic health apparently stops at the doorstep of the powerful tobacco and li-
quor lobbies. ‘

‘ l‘hc Senator summarized his fears about marijuana in the following
paragraph:

“If the epidemic is not rolled back. our society may be largely taken over by
a ‘ma rijnana culture‘ —~ a culture motivulcd by a desire to escape frotn reality
and by a consuming lust for self-gratification. and lacking any higher moral
guidance. Such a socicty could not long endure.“ (p. XII)

This is in stark contrast to what the hi-partisan National Commission on
Marijuana attd Drug Abuse (Shafer Commission) had to say after an inten-
sivc two-year study of tire effects of marijuana on society. Their conclusion:

“ When the issue of marijuana use is placed in this context of society‘s larger
conccrns. marijuana docs not emerge as a major issue or threat to the social
ordcr....'l'ltc fundamental principles and values upon which the society rests
arc far too enduring to go up in the smoke of a marijuana cigarette." (p. l02.
:llm'ilmmm. A Signal ql‘ Mirultrlcrslmtdmg)

ANNOUNCEMENT
WESTERN STATE UNIVERSITY

COLLEGE OF MW

OF ORANGE COUNTY
cauroanm's LARGEST LAW SCHOOL

.0FFERS A NEW PROGRAM.
or SPRING-ENTERING
FULL-TIME LAW sruov

I (Wllh 'I‘A- and 3-year graduation opllons) I
AMPLE SPACE.
it available of our new laelliliu in both Orange Corral and
San Diego for all qualified applicants to all part- on full-
llme programs. ‘
WHOLE-PERSON ADMISSIONS:

l l l WSU are never accepted or rejected solely
:prllll:mi);lll°0l LSAT scorer and undergraduate GPA'I.

WRIT! OI PHONE POI CATALOG"!
800 South Brookhursl
Anaheim, Ca. 92804

(714) 635-3453

APPLY NOW FOR DAY, EV—ENING, OI'WEIKEND
CLASSES BEGINNING FEBRUARY 3, 1975

.__—.._——

IIOVIIIONAuY ACCIIDIIID IY INI COMMIIIII 0'
MI IXAMINIIS 0’ "II "All BAI 0’ CAIIIOINIA

Ten Ton: of Pumpkins '

new. packet sloo‘ n

'way re-enact the. historic role it

To Sail Down' Hudson

Albany. N.Y.....The Hudson
River Sloop Restoration. Inc. will be
sponsoring its third annual
“Pumpkin Sail“ October loth to
30th. The historic sloop Clearwatcr
will carry over ten tons of country
pumpkins down river from Albany
to New York City. stopping in
various towns along the way for
pumpkin parties with cidcr.
pumpkins. baked goods. memorable
folk tunes of the Hudson River. and
Restoration Literature. This year‘s
Albany Pumpkin Festival. which is
being put on by tltc Albany Sloop
Club. will take place itt Fort Crnllo
l’ark. Riverside Drive. chssclacr
when the sloop ttrrivcs on Wednes-
day. October i()li‘l.

From 3’ pm. to 7:30 p.nt.. tic-
tivitics cclcbrating full on the Hud-

Doorways,

by Connie C. Maldonado

SUNYA‘s architectual structure is
not designed for the boon of all its
students. as was demostratcd at
SIPH Day on Thursday. A percen-
tage of SUNYA students are hand-
icappcd and their equal chance for
an adequate education. as well as
their social life. is hindered by the
construction of the campus and its
emphasis only for able-bodied
persons.

There just isn‘t enough distribu-
tion of public facilities designed for
the handicaps. said SIPH members.
Bathrooms. writer fountains.
telephones. elevators and ramps tip-
propriutcd for the disabled are all
there. but there aren‘t enough. The
disabled of SUNYA doggedly try to
overcome these obstacles. and
they've done a good job of it. But
everything has its limit and if
somcthing can be done to alleviate
this situation then why not do it?

The S.l.P.H.(Studentsforthclm—
provemcnt of Programs for the Hun-
dicapped) isun organization encom-

 

‘Theperfectgr‘fr[orsomeone
looking for something
different, unusual and uni-
que at ideal prices.

Beautiful cotton em-
broidered tops, moxie, and
dresses. \_Pleasant gills.
SludenlDiscount: IO ‘36 of!
with ID card

valid until Oct. 19

1178 Western Ave.
across from campus _.

 

4385 I 924

 

son will take place on shore near the
anchored Cleurwuter. A member of
the local ecology group "Citizens
l’ﬁitccting the Environment.“ which
is based at 292 Lark Street. Albany.
will symbolically “buy” the first
pumpkin with a $500.00 donation to
ll.R.S.R.

Well-known performer I’clc
Sccgcr will lead a song fest. along
with some local talent.

An ecology musk contest will be
held. Atty child through sixth grade
can construct a mask. like those used
on Halloween. out of recycled
materials such as cloth or paper
scraps.cggcartons.buttotts.ptickug-
ing materials and the like. Heshould
bring the mask to the park after
school on that Wednesday for dis-
play and judging. Prizes for the best

carrying freight bet N York . '
City';an'd points north She owned .

, and operatred by the ddson'ltive

Sloop Restoration. Inc. a
membership corporation op ‘
general public. Its goals inc

' restoration of the Hudconj River to .* 

its former ecological balance; educai ‘
tion of citizens in .water pollution.
su rveillance and abatement; biology. ' -
etc. and the general awakeningofan‘
awareness of the Hudson and its
tributaries. . .

Restoration publications such as
Pumpkin Crazy (cookbook ).‘Sloop.r
or" Ilw Illa/run. and Songs and
Siren-liar of Ilu‘ First C/curn'uter
Crow. will be tivttilable along with
momentocs of the Restoration such
as sloop prints and buttons. posters.
and tltc ‘chcond Annual State ofthe
Hudson Report“ publication'rcccnt-
ly rclcascd.

'l‘hc l974 soil will include stops at

Kingston. l'oughkeepsic. lleacon.
Ncwburgh. llttrlcm River State Park
and New York City.
' Persons wishing morcdctttiled in-
formation tnay contact Shari
(irccnbcrg. a local Sloop Club
tnetnbcr. by telephoning 457-8569
before 2.

Ramps Pose. Problems

passing both disabled and now '

lisabled students who work with tid-
ministrators and faculty in hope of
making the lUniversity community
a receptive atmosphere in which dis-
abled students who are seeking
higher education may come. The
organization under the direction of
Al DcGrufHPresidcnt). Mike Mul-

. ler (Vice-I’resident).nnd Phil Marino.
has been successful in ac-
complishing several improvements
around tlieSUNYA campus. Includ-
ed in these are reforms in the library
(emphasized for the visually int~
paired). and dormitories. One major
achievement was the institution of
an Office of Rehabilitation Services
in CC l.'l7. But. there is still a need
for more intprovcmcnt.

In order that the administration.
faculty and students could be fully
aware of these needs and thus work
togctltcrfor some improvement. the
S.I.P.H. organized its second annual
"Campus Awareness Day“. ()vcr
sixty volunteers l'romtbc University—
community participated. Ablcbodicd
persons feigned disability eithcr
physically or visually for one day to
gain some insight into the daily
problems encountered by the dis-
ubled.

By 9:00 AM the platfonn was set
up in front of the Campus Center
and. as a crowd gathered around.
messages were given by S.I.P.II.
President Al Degraff. University
President Benezct. and Stephen
Cotler. a statewide program
representative.

And then they were on their way.
sortie in whch chairs. others with

twirling cane. A look of wonder could
'bc seen on each face -— the blank
blackboard of a classroom lesson
about to begin.

lly mid-afternoon Holly Ford. a
junior. and Doug Becker. a

sophomore. decided they were both
in agreement that the University was
designed poorly for handicapped
students. A list of faults around the
SUNYA campus was made.

i The drinking fountain and
telephones are nearly impossible to
.rcuclt'. there is only one spccinlly-
designed one of each on lllc second
ﬂoor of the Campus Center. Huh-
dicapped students who are thirsty
have a choice of either making the
trip from wherever they may be to
the Campus Center. or remaining
thirsty until lunch or dinncr.

The only way of getting to the
lecture centers is through the Perfor-
ming Arts Center. making many
dctonrs along thcwnyHandicnppcd
students must allow themselves plen-
ty of time for these dctours even
when the time isn‘t there as between
classes. The lccture centers aren‘t
facilitated for the handicapped
either. A student must remain in
back where he is unable to properly
see or hear.

Getting inside a building or
classroom with a wheelchair can
cause frustration to a disabled stu-
dent. 'l'hc doorways are heavy. not
wide enough for a wheelchair. The
thresholdsmukeit even harder to get
through. As for the emotional
aspect. Becker made it quite clear -
“you feel like you‘re on display.“

One volunteer. Craig Warner (a
dorm director‘s husband) had an ac'
cident as he wuswhcelingaround the
Mohawk Tower. The walk around
the tower is too narrow for wheel
chairs. yet the area is supposed to be
appropriated for the disabled. For-
tunalely enough thisaccidcnt did not
happen to a wheelchair user. These
are just some of the points S.l.P.H.
members made about 'SUNYA'I
architectural structure that hinders
the‘dlusbled.

 

P .63..th

.‘s \4

ALBANY STUDlm.pagss OCTOBER 15, 1974 Santana! STUDENT mess

(I as soon ,oc‘roasa 15. 1974

 

