    
  
  
  
    
      
      

a; "ma—Mu...

 . . .... ,._ ;
‘ whoa-‘4. Mia-xv

WﬂAM‘4ﬁ g. .
_.. a...“ m

gust”.

 
 
 
 

.. w. "I. 

_ ~_..\W...._.... WV»-

......«~_....,..a v“... .w. w

 

chow—MM...— . a...”

l

..-. .m A....,..._‘_.__

'1":

y .

'jWording chine
. He makes his

problems. he'rdrtimatically‘held. . .
the preyibus day'i newspaper. He , r
 pointed to a front page story on the
parking crisis in the city of Albany.
g» toiilustrate tbe‘gravity of the park- ”
snowmen. , , . .
_ Touhey believes in what he says 
and lites-politician good enough to
» hold a press conference "at the

Albany Hyatt House. next to the '
SUNY campus. so students'could tit--
tend “a real live press conference."
That’s a thorough and responsive
candidate.

’ But when it came to answering
questions from the reporters at the
press conference. the candidate's
verbiage ‘was not so thorough or .'
clear. Under fire. Touheyactsas if he
expects you to agree with his view-
point to begin with. He doesn’t seem
to feel he has to support or to explain
himself. It is either that or it is the
typical political craft within him
which comes out. Either way. the
man who. as his campaign brochure
gproudly points out “Stood up for the

' people of Albany.“ tried to “beat the
machine~and he nearly didl". and
wants more “open” government. is
somewhat of' a disappointment:

Touhey's recent announcement
about the Albany Parking Authority
stated that‘it is up to MayorCorning
to “nameﬂmcmbers to that authority
who will establish a frameWork to

. 'help solve'the parking problem.“
now..,that the Authority has been
authorircd by the State and the City
of Albany. This Authority can issue
up toSlO million in bonds.and it will
be allowed to use parking lot
revenues to retire the debt incurred
by the purchase of properties for
parking lots.

'l'ouhey's position gives him the
advantage of winning either way. If
Corning appoints a successful Com-
mission. Touhcy gets credit for
prompting him to do it. lfthe com-
mission fails. Touhey can say it was

 

Corning‘s fault for not following his
advice. thereby slapping the
Democrats squarely on the jaw.
though not helping the parking
situation much.

The parking squeeze in our state
Capitol is indeed acute. Touhey
quotes Traffic Court Judge John
Holt-Harris as having said “We've
got a real mess here." in reference to
the parking problem. Perhaps the
judge was referring to the fact that
last year 300.000 parking tickets
were issued in the city. almost three
for every resident.

But when asked where in down-
town Albany parking lots might be
built. Touhey vaguely said “If you
want to do something about a
problem you can do it." not having
any sites in mind.

Questioned on the effect of the
Empire State Plaza on the parking
situation downtown. Touhey had no

It’s Out “or This World...

(ZNS) Professor Robert Carr. a former instructor at the University of
South Floridtt. announced last week that the United States government has
secretly captured a complete U.F.O. with I2 deitd beings aboard.

Now. I'rol’essor Carr is predicting that by December 15th -in about eight
Weeks -- the U.S. government will launch a carefully-engineered effort to
prepare American for an announcement of the existence of extra-terrestial
Iile. '

The professor created a minorreniiation last week after statingin a Flofldlt‘
press conference that the Pentagon has recovered a perfect “flying saucer"
that allegedly had crash-landed in the desert near Aztec. New Mexico. in
I948.

Professor Carr says that his sources for the incredible story are three men
directly connected to covering up or protecting the project- -a biologist who
examined the bodies: a security guard who protected the ship in a hangar ut
the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio: and a high runkingmilitury of-
licer.who reportedly viewed the bodies of the I2 small beings while autopsies
were conducted on them.

The professor states that all his sources rcport that the l2 beings were ap-
parently the victims of a decompression accident when the ship was punc-
tured after entering the Earth's atmosphere. All witnesses. he says. described
the visitors as being exactly like small humans—three to four feet tall: white
skinned; light hairedvblue eyed: in perfect physical condition. but with
highly-developed brains.

The professor insists that the I2 bodies are still in "deep freeze"at Wright-
t'atterson Air Force Base. and that the iihip is being concealed in a hangarat
the air base.

Wright-Patterson Air Force officials ﬂatly and unequivocally denythe en-
tire account. ' - '

PAGE SIX

 

 
   

 

 
 
 
  

    
 
       
               
        
          
       
    
 

“He doesn't seem to feel he has to support or to explain himself.
Either way. the mail who. as his campaign brochure proudly points
out ‘Stood up for the people oi Albany.‘ tried to ‘beat the machine—
and be nearly dldt 'ortd wants ‘more' open government. to somewhat
01 a disappointment."

data on hand. He simply said he
“would be some
effect." and heunderstar'ids there will
be “some parking" under the plant's

thought there

platform. 1.

He then claimed that the efforts by
the State to provide peripheral park-
ing lots around the city for the use of
city employees was a “piecemeal” ef-

fort. and that “they lack dedication."

Yet he proposed on alternative to the

State's approach.

Asked why he was bringing up the
parking issue now. rather than when
he ran for Mayor. Touhey said the
problem was a Mctroland issue
which affects everyone in the area.

The striking campaign brochure
shows a dynamic-looking Carl
Touhey standing in front of City
Hall. proud and defiant. It is a stirr-

‘ing photo. The bold type says he is

for “Legislative reform" and "open"
government. Since 'I'ouhey is a
businessman. it says he will bring a
“broader representation" to the state
Senate. in these days of “wild infla-
tion and high taxes." It is a stirring
slogan.

At the press conference Touhey
was asked to elaborate on what typc
of “reform” he would like to see. and

 

Drive Our Cars
Free Florida,
California and all
_citles in the USA
AAACON Auto
Transport
89 Shaker Road
Terrace Apartment
Albany, N.Y.
462-7471

must be 18 years old

 

 

specimen, whether he" evors’the
system. used .by California. 'In
’ California the legislators meet for a

. “ whiIeQintro'diice bills. and then ad-
: 'jotll‘il for a month of hearings and.

_ debate before votingon their bills.

'I‘ouhey's comment on the split ses-
' sion ideas was: he “might” like that
'sort of a. system introduced in New
. York State. He might. But be firmly.

with rare dec'isiveness. rejected the

idea. of it year-around legislative ses-

sion. He says he doubts it would be

worth the effort and cost involved,
. and not many more'bills would be
passed in a twelve-month session
than in the current spring session. it
position less stirring than his
brochure is.

Touhey said he is agttinst the
Rockefeller drug laws. saying the
penalties are too stiff, and the law
misses the “French Cumtcclion
type“ pushcrs. Yet he has not
proposed specific changes to be
made in the law. He has said “You
have to attack the causcsofdrug ad-

diction. hut Idon‘t have a solution.

and don't know anyone who does.“
as quoted in The War/ringltm Par/t
Spirit of October 2-15.

These days of “inflation and high
taxes.“ says the brochure. 'I‘ouhcy
has proposed that the State should
fund 50% of thccost of public educa-
tion. rather than the 40% as it now
does. He has not explained how this
would affect “high taxes.“
Meanwhile. 'l‘ouhey‘s opponent in
the Senate race. Howard Nolan, says
the state should pily 100%ofthe cost
of education, by collecting and

, redistributing school taxes so that all

children have equal educational
benefits. 'I'ouhey‘s stated aim is to
lowerthe burden on the homeowner.
rather than to equalize education.

Touhey isalso calling foran end to
the sales tax on shoes. soap. and
other sundry items. and on utility
bills. while It tax on commercial
advertising would supposedly make
up for the lost revenue. It is a fact
that Touhey owns mttny soft drink
firms: Canada Dry and Sevcn~up in
Rochester. Canada Dry in Endicott.
Bev-I’ak in Scotia. and Canada Dry
distributorship in the Capital Dis-
trict. (He also owns Albany's Orange
Ford dealership. part of the Pine
Bush. otherrcalestate besides. and is

on the board of directors of [Wu
Albany banks.) It would :rppctirthru
the proposed tax change would
heavily benefit Touhey. whose bottl.
ing plants must use lots of water and
electricity, while they don‘t do mttclt
advertising.

Touhey almost “beat the
machine." He claims responsibility
for all reforms tltul have occurred ii]
the City of Albany in the pint nine
months. This seems to discount the
effect of many local newspaper
stories which brought inlonntttton
on corruption in the city und lltc
l’olicc department to light. coining
investigations and clttittgcs. III du-
same nine-month period.

Touhey says be “ill bring
"broader representation" to thi-
ltiwycr-dominatcd Senntc. “lien;
60% of its members are Ill Ilti: Ilnr
Association. Interestingly. ln- op-
poses the repcnl of the Illnc Inns.
while his opponent. Nolan. I\ hit it
repeal of tltc laws. Nolan it u lil\\\L'l.
'I'oulicy it businessman.

Howard Nolan‘s stands on mun-
key issues are. in cont rust. \ittttctt hut
better defined. On the ding lun. he
says heroin pushch should be \lllllt
punished. while addicts should be
detained. but not ilCCCSbill‘ll) II1|lIIl\.
He says students should be able to
vote from their di)f|llll(ll'lL‘\. Ill
regard to the residency t‘ctttiltctttclll
for state voting. WllL'i'L‘ih lottltc) lttts
“No comment" on that min- \olnn
is “Absolutely in In tor." of banning
non-returnable htilllcs.
'l'oultey is tnore complex,

'l'ouhey says consumers \ltltllld
have a choice bctiiccn
returnable and returnable littlllcs

So Touhey stands. still. conttdcnt.
dynamic. Yet the man who "stood
up" has now. on many lhslicx. "nu
down." Meanwhile llonnnl \tiltttt n
plugging it very pltlgl'csstic plni-
form.

For furthur and detailed inloium-
tion on the two candidates. me
"Looking Into Mr. Ilig llunum"
and “Who is Howard Nohni" III [In
Washington I'rll'lr Spiri/ ol UL‘ltll‘iL‘l
2-l5. It has a list of the cundulntcs‘
stands oii various issues. nrul ilcldtls
oii 'l'ouhcy's husittuss llllt'lt:\l\ .tnd
dealings.

’I'oulicy is it chublicuu and
Nolan is at Democrat. lllclilcttlttll)

\thctcm

llflll'

 

 

ALBANY s'runsu'r PRESS

IF YOU TALK OVER
A HORNY Blill’S IIEAD,
THAT'S EXACTLY WHERE
llE’ll 1055 You.

 

BR
"'3 Ionsotional,ond that's 03°50“. LA

NW“ 60 P'°°"T°Wilﬂr “Orton Distillers Import Co. New York. New York

#7

Montezuma

 

4

OCTOBER 29, 1974

 
 

CATEGORY

 ~  
SEPT 73 TO DATE

 

 

AEAINST PERSON * ‘
Reruns-sax J ' 0 6 »-
Asaault---—----------h---- o 7
Harassment-------------e-- 1 B-
Menaclng--------------—a-- o .1.
Reckless Endangerment----- 0 1
Sexual Abuse-----—-------- 0 1
Aggravated Harassment---- 0 0
Public Lewdneas------—---' 2 9
Possession Dang.Weapon--- 0 0
Endang.Welfare of Child-- 0 0
Rape--------------------- 0 0
AGAINST PROPERTY
Burglary--------—-------- 18 86
Grand Larceny---—-—----—- 9 53
Petit Larceny-----------— 55 274
Criminal Mischie£-—------ 14 78
Theft Of Services-------- 0 1
Criminal Tampering------— 0‘ 0
Pos. Stolen Property---—- 0 2
Forgery-----—---—------—- 0 2
Falsifying Bus.Records--- 0 0
Attempt to Commit Crime—- 0 0
OTHER I
False Incident Report---- 6 49
Criminal Trespass---f—--- 2 5
Criminal Possession------ 0 0
Leaving Scene-Accident--- 6 20
.Loitering--—------------- 0 7
Resisting Arrest------—-- 0 2
Unauth.Use of MV--------- 0 4
Operating Mv w/suspended
License--------------- 2

The University Police have released crime statistics for the month of

September. One hundred and ten offenses were reported. Reported value of
stolen property totaled “0.692. September showed a slight dectease in the
number of reported offenses and their value as compared to September I973.

for that period. one hundred and sixteen offenses wcrc reported With it value

tll bl LXSN.

Six :tt't'.‘.~.l.\ \\t.'l e made by Security in September for the following offenses:

tll'|\ ing while intoxicated. reportingtt falseincitlerit (student who pulled it lire
nlnrin). two loi' peiit larceny. and tour for criminal trespassing.

According to the University Police report. burglary complaints have gone

down by Stl'q‘ .grnnd larceny reduced by 37%. while crimes against persons

lune shown an increase of 79‘)". I’etit lnrceiiies and nets of vandalism have
shown on increase of some I79}, and 42% respectively. the report indicates.
l'nlsc lire nlni'ins niid bomb threat reports have increased by 43%.

Over two nine month periods. January I to September 30. I97}. and
.lnininry I to September 30. I974; criminal offenses have risen. while the
stolen property mine has decreased. While there were 71‘) ollenscs reported
this year compared Willi 620 last year. the property value lcll to $fi0.ii72conu
pared to $62,640. V I

t)\ci these two nine month periods. the total number ol arrests rose from
10 Ill ‘73 to (it) in ‘74. I'hni indicates n 2|5’h’. increase in arrests. I

lltc linitcrsity l’olicc‘s investigative stuff has completed a survey ol the
unions locations on campus where cash or other’vtiluuhlcs are routinely
stored. Securin anticipated lindiitg no more than tltrcc or [our locations. the
Ilnrsni being one. in which cash was stored. Instead. they found that “cash
collection and control Iunctions have becomcdispcrscd over the years and JI
such locations were found to exist.“ the report stated.

"As it result. mnioi' revisions are being made in the Department‘s response
und opcrntitnnil prodcdurcs iit order to prevent unauthorich nitd possibly
\iolcnt intrusion into tliﬂpe facilities."

Special Shipment”
White Painters Pants
33 5.98

  
   
  
 
 

OVt-‘I'u/fs hooded swealshtrls
[cunts q/oVes,_sock5 I “g.” 2:.
kltukis work boo/5 & shoes.

llunnu/ shirts Inocussuis
Wuu/ slur/5 vests I I - H I had“.
a? .- - amulet-wt

640 Central Ave. Albany

 

 
 
 
 
 
  

(ZNS) Theicatetnvo’ivrng.‘ _
- _ . . anatomy {Leary hasv‘taklen
‘0‘ ’ ’ 3 .' é. ' " another strange turn. '7 .
1 10 _ ' ’ . Doctor..vLcary. according to
1." 12 numerous published stories. is
o 4 reported to be in the custody'of
o 2 federal agents. allegedly telling
o 7 government prosecutors and federal
1 9 ‘ grand juries everything he knows
2 7 about the weather underground and
o 2 various international. drug-
0 1 . smuggling schemes. b r. .
In the meantime. a num ero im-
1 2 (unfounded), portant Leary tape recordings have
disappeared in the Sari Francisco
A arca.’l‘hc cassette tapes which can no
'5 ' 39 longer be located reportedly consist
5; 333 i of a series of conversations between
‘ Leary‘s self-proclaimed wife. Joan-
12 1'11 no. and federal drug agents.
1 I 3 Joanna Leary- had been the prin-
1 6 Clp‘di prosecution witness against
1 5 one of Leary‘s former attorneys.
o 4 George Chula of Santa Ana. Califor-
0 4 nin. Chula was indicted earlier this
0 1 . full on charges of supplying cocaine
and htishish to Joanna after she
testified in front ofiin Orange Coun-
13 70 ty grand jury.
1 10 _ Investigators for Chula have been
0 attempting to obtain the tapes in an
4 _ 17 effort to prove that Chula may have
0 ‘ 4 been illegally entrapped by Joanna
o o and federal agents. Ilowwer. when
1 4 investigators checked with police I
authorities in Mill Valley. Califor- 
. .0 1

.‘a‘sevid'ence 'n

  

_ 1 yr tria ,
covered that the recordings.
' . ins. . . , f
' According to _Mill
Lawmeri". the cassettes we e' Vat
known to have been loaned out toa
San Francisco attorney named Den-
nis Natali. . .

,Natali. however. says he does not ,
have the tapes: he reports he r_etum--
ed them to law authorities several
months ago. and says he has the
receipts to prove it.

  
   
 
  

gamermmwww -

 

, Deferred Payment? -' ,
5his“ c... Still Register 

registration permit for the spring

semester only. The deferred balance
due should be paid by the end ofthe
Fall I974 semester. A student who is‘~
required to file for scholarship incen-

,scmestcr.

 

 

 

. WW».

A “stop” will not be placed on 

I974 semester if the balance due in- :
dicated on the recent Statement of.
Account was. for the Fall I974

iive award  'I'AI’ or was requiredsé
to sign it promisory note should visit
the Office of Student Accounts (ii/Sig;z

ll-Ztl) before the end of the tang?

I
smashes-Ed

 

       

 

 

«my

On Friday. November I. Saratoga Harness will con-
duct a “College N ight" featuring a college driving chum.
pionship sponsored by the Harness Racing Club at
Albany State.

Seven students are currently in training with seven of
Suratogn's top trainers. The future drivers include Steve
Newman. llo lleller. Mike Meyer. Warren Nelson. Jay
Friedman. Iiill Lemberg and Jay Rosenberg.

A seven piece rock and blues group. SKYE. is
scheduled to play that evening beginning at seven
o'clock.

The members of SKYE include a drummer who
plttycd on Carole King's Tapestry album; a harp pliiycr

Union.

fizlﬁ p.m.

SUNYA trident: Play Jock

eys for a Day

  

who performed with the James Cotton Blues Band: two
Berkeley school graduates: and ‘d bass player who backed
up American Song Festival winner Tim Moore. The
group has previously performed at Skidmorc. RI’I and

Radio station WTRY will conduct a live broadcast
from the track from 4 to 8 pm.

Reduced admission tickets are available at W’I'RY.92
Fourth Street in Troy from 9 to 5. and from the Harness
Club at SUNYA.

The feature race that night will be named the State dri-
ivcrsiiy of New York at Albany. First race posl time Is

 

Walt'o Subs

For Wednesday, Oct. 30 only our delivery
to the Uptown Campus will start at

 

 

 

North wav Mall
Colonie, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

    
     
 
  
 
 
    
     
  
 
 
   
  
  
       

    
    
 

  

   

 

 

M  :2: 852:, 945 mm 6’ pm instead of 9 pm for the benefit of the ’41:?pr iii: N253;
- 48243010 PM" students participating in the UNICEF fast. tMake $1929., A
7% DISCOUNT WITH THIS AD . Thank you, m Dom Your 0 y
(oller void on‘allerrtnlo Sitndoys)  g ‘
good till Nov. 30 . I
" ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGEISEVEN _.
OCTOBER 29, 1914 ‘

 

