4“

 

paid/y presents

at

Page Hall Auditorium

Downtown Campus

135 Western Avenue

 

.“t

I [students Association.  

International Night ‘74

Saturday, November 16, 1974 at 8:00 pm

featuring:

Dances and songs from Africa, Asia, Europe, Middle East

and America; and a fashion show of colorful national costumes

"’i H Tickets available at the door

with student tax - $1.50

without student tax - $2.50

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

There will be a meeting for all those interested in partcipating inA. M.I.A.
Intramural Paddlebsil. handball, rsquetbsll, and squash. Thursday,
November 2!, in CCJIS at 4 p.m. All events are for MEN AND WOMEN.

I SINGLES AND DOUBLES ARE AVAILABLE IN ALL EVENTS. For

more information, see Dennis Eilrin in CC 356.
The Basketball season has already begun: '

In league lIA action: A.P.A. routed the Rebels. 64-30. with Howie Ostrom
leading all scorers with 20 points forthe winners. . .Paced by Tiny Holoway‘s
[2 points. the'Playersedgcd STB, 39-38. . .Dan Martin tossed in IS points to
lead Herkimer past the H. Trucking Company. 46-27.

In League IIIC. Harvey Kaufman hit two ﬁeld goals late in the game to
lead Ferret past OTR B. 29-24. . .Beerwall collared the Pups onaJoc Walter
free throw with three seconds left, 34-33. . .

In League IIIC, Doug Redosh scored 13 points as the Miracles whipped
WNYT-OJ. 40-19. . .Mnrdi (iras danced past T.X.0.. 52-29. with Bob
Beecher tossing in to points. I

> In League IIID. Potter. showinga line brill control offense, blasted Reduc-
tase. 53-I8. as Mike Mahlmeister pumped in l3 points for the Club. . .Win-
nie: the Pooh sailed past Frigate 36-23. with Jerry Vogel scoring l l points for
the Pooh. . .Tbe Roids cashed in on 0TB. 58-27, with John Gerber leadingall
scorers with 24 points. . .Homegrown heat Polachek. 45-39, despite :1 l4
point effort by Alan Roscman for the losers.

In League IllE. Price Chopperslashed the Big Victims. 37-32. . .Alden beat
SUNY—to-go. 57-35. . .Pit bridged Tuppan Zce. 47.35. ..The Flintstones rode
Kallcy Car. 28-20. . and Texas topped l’ax. 25-l7. . .

In League IIIF. Zoo Ill defeated Sgt. Peppers by forfeit. ..Tiie Morgtte put
Otto's away. 46-8. ..Ati Contraire edged tlte Colonials. Ill-30. . .thc Dudies
wiped Big A‘s Army. 34-6. . .Bad Dogs took Friends of Animals. l-O on
forfeit. '

In League IVA. Al (iarcia hurried Flaming Essence. 30-23. . .Framunda
Cheese knocked ofl"l'.X.0.. 35-17. . .Sukarora beat Rick‘s Dicks on forfeit. .
.and New Comcrs rode the “amps. 35-3l. with Al Cohen leading all scorers
with l0 points.-

l.eague IVB. One Last Try beat Adiruga 30-19. as Ilal Malmud scored l2
points. . .Trifccta raced past Clydc‘s Crew 28~26. as Sidney IIowlin scored [2
points to lead the winners; .lerry Kleing hit for l4 for the losers. . .Forfeit
winners included .leff Weber‘s Who Cares and Dollar Bills

League IVC. the Family knocked ol'l’tlre Ii. l).'s. (iii-l5. . .Reggtre beat the
I’ervcrts 33-0. . .the Space Dwarfs beat the Oy-Oy‘s 39-l9. . .tire Scrubs
sctrplpcd the Apaches. . .and Pootane won on forfeit over the Driblcrs.
All Captains are reminded to check the A.M.l.A. bulletin board regularly
so as to avoid missing any games.

5% bﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁX?I@ﬁ%%%$%$%ﬁ»ﬁﬁ%ﬁﬁbﬁ$ﬂbﬁ$ﬁﬁv§ '
l
V

 

 

 

 

 

(AP) The magic eye of television

has made football a big-time

business on the college campuses of

America. _ . . *
Penn State University, for exam-
ple. will earn more than SLI million
this season from four footballgamea
- two regionally telecast games worth
Si 80.000 each. a Thanksgiving night
game against the University of
Pittsburgh in Three Rivers Stadium
that will pay 8244.000 and a Jan. I

Cotton Bowl date worth more than.

5500.000. ,

' The Thanksgiving night game
against Pitt was originally scheduled
on the following Saturday at Pitt
Stadium. By switching sites and
allowing television to tune in. both
schools will clear more than $200.-
000 in profits, considerably more
than they could have expected to
earn at Pitt Stadium. They keyword
here is television.

Pitt and Penn State will be
providing perhaps three hours of
prime-time entertainment and. at
today's rates. thehalf—million dollars
or so that goes to the two schools isa
reasonable price for ﬁlling that much
network time.

“We figirre about 5200.000 per
hour to produce a regular filmed
show." said one television executive.
“That would include rerun rights
which are not applicable to foot-
ball."

'i'clevision._of course, will also be
looking in on New Year‘s Day when

. the college football season concludes

- r

with thegmajor bowl games. And the V

teams pariicipating in those err-
travagann will also be taking home
healthy-sized paychccks. Just how
much is in those ‘checlts depends
mostly on whether the teams come
from conferences or are in-
dependents.

Indepcndent schools do better
ﬁnancially. The I975 Orange Bowl.

  
 

and e'adi school in receiveaboiit V

.000 rg; Dimer-keeps all of
its, income while Alabama must
divide it among other members of
the Southeastern COI‘ILCI'CI‘IN.‘ The
same thing happended .when the
some schools met in last yeirs's
Sugar Bowl. That paid $452,000 a
team.

 

 

Women ’3

Group ;

Seeks Advice

by Jayne Crabbe and Patricia Gold

The purpose of Women‘s In-
tramural and Recreation Associa-
tion is to develop. organize. arid
sponsor on campus intramural and
recreation actitities and events for
the entire strident body of Albany v
both men and women.

WIRA ltopes to provide a diverse
program of athletieand non-athletic
activities. Last year it sponsored Co-
ed softball. co-ed volleyball. a
women‘s volleyball tournament.
women's basketball intrrituurals.
and a spring softball tournament for
women. This year WIRA hopes to
expand its activities.

As an association sponsored by

student tax. WIRA wants to‘mcct
the students recreational needs. in
order to insure the development of
intramural and or recreation
programs WIRA must have your
cooperation. ’

If you are one of those students
wito “nuts to see more co-ed or
\i‘oiricn‘s intrarttural and recreation
etcrris at SUNYA. lct WIRA know.
Please come to the \VIRA meeting
oit Wednesday. November 20at 7:30
I‘M in the (‘C l‘atroon Lounge. We
want your opinions and to know
where your interests are.
Refreshments will be served. If you
have any questions or cannot attend
please call .laync at 7-7782. ‘I'

Bombshell Tries Again

 

. * 432-9432 i | 7: Lu“. color by the Blonde Bombshell ATLANTA over BALTIMORE WASHINGTON over DALLAS
lib I V d I ,. . ' a l \ k V A third straight week of 8-5 giVes by 3. The Falcons hat/c enough by 4. Good-bye Cowboys. This year
fund“ ‘ “1:1,:2‘21‘2’21J A 1238 TV '0' I" V me a season record of 72-45 for a talent toovcrcomcthe Colts. Neither the Cardsand Skins make the play-
.ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo00000000 - _ __ , ,_ , a , z , - a  .1 i , , . ~  - . 
. g: Wu“...I  "until." 3 .(rlSth’thldgleyou break down trirtrtcrbick will impress ﬂ oils ind you guys lrmsh that it s
L r . I s t .
ﬂ Avunl. I I V th - ratio for the season my Win and ( INLINNA ll over HOUSTON about time
5%  I events v losses. equals 8:5. That‘s consisten- by 5. The Oilers will not. I repeat will (i R I5 E N BA Y over
9% ; V cy. not win four in a row. MINNESOTA by}. An upset as the
i  I \Stregtﬁl g MIAMI over BUFFALO by 3. OAKLAND over SAN DIEGO Vikesiravethirrgsztboutwrapped up.
i I“ _ The Bills looked past Houston last by 3. ltwill be closer than you might Hadl has the Pack moving and the
f i %    '0  3 week and got beat. This week they think. Oakland isaboutduefora let- Vikesrtre workingonthc short week.
 l lARGE PITCHER $1.50 MIXED DRINK $.75 V will be up, but the Dolphins are down. but will salvage this one. DETROIT over GIANTS by 3.
l}.- Large Cheese Pizza $1.95 g champs. Their experience rind the Pl ’i“i‘S BUR (i H H over The Giants won‘t be crriburasst‘d.ll;rrt
‘ M a; home field will win it. (‘LLVELAND by 6. lhc Steeler's they could not beat the Jets. ill
. V LUNCHES SERVED DAILY PIZZA SERVED TILL 2 AM V NEW ENGLAND over JETS by could not get started last week. This Mtinson is having a good year and
., . l I
I i. I     (r. The l’alriolsget brick on thetrack. week. thotigh.theyslrould beableto pass defense in New York is non—
 y; alfmﬁumww, alwg%,&ﬁ%««g¢g%ﬁﬁgﬁ %«%«««««« Jets can‘t win two in a row. put it together. existent.
H. m...“ ww V: U: ‘ I 3 w V y,  I .
i ' . ‘ ----
 $150 W'lh mum mmms mms Rolling 201:HOWTO ROLLBETTER
j I Required Tsrrtbooltist: s-z wider

 

state quad
cord

9PM

Saturday, Nov. 16
STATE QUAD mousse AND EASTMAN rowan BASEMENT
come and try your luck

FEATURING:

out state
quad cord

~Your favorite gambling games- Roulette, Black Jack, etc.

° Mixed Drinks

- Music by the Los Vegas greats
- Fake money can be exchanged for top record albums

 

 

  

evening wear.

ally known designers.

ORIGINALLY CREATED FOR GREAT NAMES
IN THE FASHION WORLD

ON SALE

AT

I’IIIOES LOWEII TIIAII WHOLESALE
NOW is THE TIME...

to select your fabrics for Holiday wear for your-
self or for an elegant Christmas gift. We have a
large ossorlmonl of fabrics for casual, sport or

BE READY FOR THE NEW YEAR . . .
Mill ends, samples and regular piece goods are
available in a wide variety of patterns and colors
that will be featured in "FASHIONS for '75.”

Remember! You cannot buy our fabrics in any
retail store. We manufacture only for internation-

GLOVERSVILLE CONTINENTAL MILLS, Inc.

FABRIOS OII'I'LET STORE

I" So. Main St" Glovorsvlllo
Hoursr Mom-Thurs. Io mun-4 p.m., Friday 1-9 pun.

NOW OPEN SATURDAYS, 10 AM. - 2 EM.

      
  

 
    
      
      
        
     
     
     

725-0621, In. ‘7

 
   
   

Plot. E. 2. Jay

 

 

Fold tho paper (approx li') at the end tirat
Isn't gummad Sprinkle tobacco into this

ioiu Put more at the ends than in the mid
dla Close the paper over the tobacco Bur

\dan'l luck it in back ol the tobacco iusl yel

 

Mold both halves oi the paper. cradling the
tobacco inside with your thumb: closest to
you and your second and third annuity
a ct

 

 

 

 

Spin trio tobacco by sliding the paper any
' s

and lorlh a number of limit

J

i 4.

When lilo tobacco is shaped and packed.
pinch the tobacco and the paper III the cam

 

lar so that when you start to roll. "IO papal

i will guide itseil around the tobacco.

 

 

Roll the cigarette rightly. beginning at the
center. and try pullrnp. work your lrnqsrs out
to the ends

gummsd paper insde than 6'2 Wlda

  
   

This course is open to both beginning and advanced
students of hand-roiled cigarettes. Emphasis is on
easier. batter rolling via the use of E-Z Wider
doublavwldlb rolling papers. Tits course exposes the
disadvantages of conventional rolling practices such
as sticking two regular papers together to roll one
make. Students will learn that then: Is no better

r.

calendars

 

6 v
O u I -
. ( ~
rl
Lick the qirmnred capo closed Trim tdosa
tobacco tram tho ends The clqaialta Is now

i ready in sriroira

 

 

 

e rot-it lrurton awe. ltd. rm yoi Iiittlu

 

      

  DON'T MISS IT THIS TIME 'ROUN’D

WM, .
ﬁasco?

  

   

PAGE FIFTEEN

 

