” ..—..
M «sage-..

‘1‘2-  .

if»:

always look even bet r - So where
are they! I ' “

II. Monday - the day before the
primary" ' I l '

393 Hamilton Street. .ltine Small
Sanford runs in between the upstairs
(home).. and downstairs (ofﬁce)
carrying. tupperwarc containers.
filled with good smells. to be served
the next night.

The home is hers and the ofﬁce is
headquarters for the Albany County
Women‘s Caucus. Her deep involve-
ment with the group sometimes
makes it seem like the other way
around.

The ofﬁce walls are convcred with
pictures of women. Eleanor
Roosevelt to Mary Anne Krupsack.

' A few posters showing Nixon getting

exactly whttt'he deserves. ah “elect-a—
neighbor“ sign and another'asking
“omen to run for office - “We will .

[help you!" The desk is cluttered and
Jane wants to make a sandwich so

she sttggests moving upstairs.

In between bites attd a call from a
poll watcher Ms: Sandford oc-
eassionally interritpts her discussion
of the Women‘s l’olilical Caucus to
talk about her life. her personal
political philosophy and the very im-

mment primary. She tellsabottt her

decision to become one of seven
"neighbors" contesting the can-
didacy of sortie very well established
Democrats as party comtnitteeper~
sons. ' '

I liree of llie'rebcl'cattdidates arc
caucus - inspired women. Sanford
implies that one former Regular
l)emocratcommittccwoman. a wife
til it committcematt. was very‘littlc
ntorc than that. She doesn‘t mcrcly

The door bell rings. Downstairs
there‘s some man with discount
coupons for things like Proctor‘s
Theatre.

Jane saysshc hopcs'shc won‘t have
any more interruptions. She returns
to the subject of thcca'ucus.'Now it‘s
personalized.

“I‘m an accountant. But I‘m so
busy now with the caucus. My
clientele only put up with me because
they see the publicity. Too few peo-
ple here doing all the work. Isn‘t it
like that in any organization you‘ve
ever been in'! ‘We need more young
women." 1

It became softer. She seemed less
harried.

She spoke of her middlcs class
Jewish background in the Bronsand
explained. “I grcw up an activist.
My molherand fatbcrwerc political-
ly involved and aware.“

Attd her rebellious days as editor
oi“ a'j'collegc newspaper: “i once
printed it blank editorial page.“

Not exactly a Iavoritc with the ad-
ministration. bttt tlten...like now. she
got her point across: she also risked
things.

Ms. Sanford. who is married to an
R l’l professor. laughed sarcastically
iii the face of her contradiction and
said. “I don‘t believe in marriage. I
told.my three daughters not to get
married.“ ’

She traced more of her life.

imply that the Regular Democrats things learned. Three children by
3ch “MT “I'L‘Eiimccm PCOP'C 01h" agc twenty-ftch I’olitical involve-

 

thtin 'l‘l'lli l’IiOl’I.I-I'.she says it right
out.

ment in California.
And at the end. “It's good for me

to sit down for a while. Idon't think
politics isa dirty word -There‘sa cer-
tain kind of talent that can be ad—
mirablc.”

Whatever that talent ‘is....lane
Small Sanford has it.

Ill. Lam-r Wednesday - Ihe dayafrer
.lhe priman'.

Back to the Knick‘ Nch”. “Ah-
next page. Here it is. Regulars Rout
Seventh Ward‘s Rebel 7“.

Before Jane had said. “we won't
win. but itsa start.”

The phones are probably ringing
again on Hamilton Street just like
before. One can feel 'thc start‘ cort-
tinuing.

keothcrforeh   before him is faced with
me new WW” rather do withotn. Shrilky'a  concerns

‘ 'ﬁgitringput‘  my people will want yearbooks in May.

j“ . In”..st inhabit  how may people will want

‘  . . iIIdlﬂ-Wllh “St, hesays,

_ With a student body the size of SUNYA'S it would be too cumbersome and
. complicated. job to have students sign up for eopiec.

In addition there's no guarantee the students will pick up their requested

. 'copies. Having”: large surplus of costly copies is something Slawsky would

rather avoid. Yet at the other end of the spectrum. Slawsky would like to
guarantee it Torch to all those who want them.

University policy speciﬁes that all students who purchase tax cards for the
l'ullacadentieycar are entitled to a yearbook for a small charge (last year 3! ).
ﬁne then. why not simply publish approximately as many yearbooks as are
tax card paying students? 'l'hat isexactly what happened when mandatory

student tax was first implemented in the l969-I970 year. In that year editor

‘Gary Gold had 6.300 copies made. After all conceivable efforts to sell them
800-900 still remained. Costly mistakes of that magnitude have since been
a'vuided. (iold attributed the excessive surplus to the campus
demonstrations that closed the school for weeks that spring.

For the past three years the publishing mark has remained at a constant
4.250 copies. Although this ﬁgure was too large for the I973 issue. last year‘s
supply fell short of the demand. '

Slawsky attributes the discrepancy between the number of copies sold
from year to year on the relative success of the issue. lie believes that II on
issue is well-liked among the student body it will obviously be in greater de~
round. This appeared to be the  last year when the copies were sold tilll
quickly.

Once again this year. 4,250 copies will be published, However. Slawsk‘y
said that if there should be reason to believe that many students who wanted
yearbooks last year didn‘t receive them. he will consider increasing the
number of copies made. ' -

If a student didn‘t receive a 'l'orch last year and still wantsa copy. Ite'or silt:
may pick up a copy at the photo service located in room 305 of the Campus
Center. To obtain one of the remaining eighteen copies the students lllllsl
present both tax cards from last yearand one dollar.

Fiay
Sept. 13

$.50with
tax card

 

goators
ody oils ( soaps
candles, etc.

.9 _ I
(“if if?“ ~~
Li‘ '

\‘—\'

.\‘~

.\§\».

,e'ILC-LL.‘ ,.

 

A t x i t ' I" a ‘
. \Q\ l unuvs or or.“ HEAD one!” w. '

‘ "aw.-.

"Lia‘s

 

$1.25
without

 aturday
Sept. 14

7:00 _& 9:30
LC 18
$.50 with tax
$1.25 without

nan-atoms S’it'sa

—Charle'a Champlln, LA. Times

. smmneme a recasicotono am
i.

W
.
i-JO.

 

 

' PAGE FOUR

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SEPTEMBER 13. 1974

 

0.8. Stool MI Ito commie.

SUNYA students who chanced by the CC Wednesday “W “simmu’le "0"
afternoon calmly watched behind ropes as their alma U“
mater became immortalized in a PR commercial for

U S Steel.

“Steel?” Viewers shrugged their shoulders. “Are the tion about to years ago.

the national spotlight
“the largest cement base in the U.S."-
iversal Atlas Cement. an affiliate of U.S. Steel.

Stan Bentzen. the commerciul’s star. is the Atlas man

i

f byNeiittautuat ' . 

The .Uitiversity Counseling Center. located on the first  of the '

Business Administration building. is out“ to ‘helpi'iittidents decidcupon a  -

career- The answers to questions such as. “Is my prospective ﬁcldof interest

' Yr open'f‘. “What can I do with an English degree'?‘.'or“What‘sleftifldon‘t

oe oter than be people he

who worked with E.D Stone on the school‘s construc-

Tbe ﬁnal

pillars reinforced with steel?“ No people. we know what product.30 seconds long. will be aired late October or
we‘re famous for-concrete. And who wants to put us in November.

Lobby Fights For Student Air Fares

Throughout the fall. the
National Student Lobby. a fouryear
old federation of individual students
and student governments head-
quartered in WashingtOn. DC. will
ﬁght for adoption of Congressional
legislation insuring a national air

transportation policy that will

benefit students.

Arthur Rodbell. Executive Direc-
tor of the National Student Lobby.
announced that NSL‘s lobbying

strategy will center around the

passage of two bills by Congress.

S.l739 and 5.2651. Both bills
appear to have excellent chancesof
passage before Congress adjourns
for the November elections.

One of these bills. S.265l. would
overturn a decision made two years
ago by the Civil Aeronautics Board
prohibiting the scheduled airlines
front offering the so-called “youth
fares." Due to NSL‘s massive lob-
bying effort. $.265l was unanimous-
ly passed by the Senate in November
of I973. and is due to come up for
hearings before the House Subcom-

No. of Copies
From Same
Original

Student Association will, as
of October 1, 1974, be discontinuing
its mimeograph and ditto service.

Xerox service will, of
course, be continued.

The new reduced rates are:

Funded by Student Association

SEPTEMBER 13, 1974

mittec on Transportation and
Aeronautics as the Subcommittcc's
next order ofbusincss. 8.2651 would
reinstate discount fares on a standby
basisifor youth under 22. senior
citizens over 65. and handicapped
persons.

The second bill. Sl739. would
liberalizetheconditionsundcrwhich
US. airlines mayoffcr inclusive tour
charters (ITCs) to the public.
Restrictions would be removed
which now prohibit airlines from
offering the lowest possible prices
and the greatest selection of
packages to the travelling public.

“Students stand to gain in
different ways from each of these
bills.“ Rodbell said. ‘According to
thc U.S. Office of Education. |.6
tnillion students commute 500 miles
or more between their homes and
school. The cost of air travel is no
small component in the overall cost
of obtaining a post-secondary
education in the l970‘s. When travel
costs suddcntly and dramatically in-
crease. an extreme burden is im-
posed upon the student. the student‘s
ftt mily. and in some cases the student
cannot complete his/her education
because of the financial hardship."

'nto medical school'!“. will hopefully be found at the Counseling Center.

' Scores of descriptive career pamphlets. informative government labor
publications. and general occupational reference books are displayed in
coordinator Dr. Martin Coffey's ofﬁce. There are also shelves that contain
vast vocational material and numerous graduate and undergraduate
bulletins. Information on professional associations can also be found in Dr.
Martin Coffey‘s outer office. knownt as the Library of Information on
Vocations (L.I.V.). | i ‘

'I‘wo desks in l..I.V. are reserved for taking the Strong-Campbell
. Vocational Interest Test. a computerized exam that measures not vocational
ability or aptitude. but one‘s own level of common interest with these in par-
ticular fields. The test consists ofquestions pertaining to personal “likes and
dislikes" toward various fields and the type of people in them'.

Dr. Coffey has greatly expanded his counseling service beyond the
enclosures of BA IIS. He has been influential in the library‘s establishment
of a section on career and college graduate guidance literature. locatéd in the
periodical room. Last year he experimented with a three week program
where students could talk with members of theri perspective field.

|)r. Col'l‘cy's future developments include the creation of career
Workshops. where students can actually participate in their desired ﬁeld.
This project is in its infant stages.

The mulli-branched U niversity Counseling Center was created to serve the
entire student body. If a female student feels unsure about women's career
opportunities. she can not only talk with Dr. Coffey. but with the coor-
dinator of the Women‘s Resource Center. who is situated next door to the
Counseling Center.

 

Pay As You Shuttle

by Ken Newt

The new ten cent fare for the
SUNYA-Stnyvcsant l’laztt shuttle
bus is due directly to a misappropria-
tion in the Stuyvesant Merchant
Association budget. an Association
official reported.

The bus shuttle. contracted to the
Capital District 'l‘ransit Authority
by the StuyVesam Merchants. has
been offered as a free service to Un-
iversity stratum" “-- last five years.

The official. speaking on behalf of
Barr) Richmttn. the president ol'thc
Association. said that last year. the
association had overrun their budget
by ten thousand dollars. due to an
overextension of advertising funds.
"The association has a small budget.
and could not afford to sustain the

ui-titt-iitw..t. .

1465

system without any charge." The of-
licial noted that it was that misap-

_ _ ' arm ,
The bus to Stuyvesant now cost
a dlme.

 

O
Isms, Minolta
DEMONSTRATION
SEE ALL THE GREAT Minolta

PRODUCTS AT THIS SPEOIAI.
DEMONSTRATION 8i SALE!

 

 

SPEOIAL PNIOES
ON ALL MINOLTA PIIOOIIOTS

 

 

 

The Minolta Sli‘l' 100

Camera with 50mm I2.0 Lens Is

NOW ONLY 1  CASE INCLUDED

Fri., Sept. l3. o 226 N. Allen St.. Albany. 438-6841
Sat, Sept. 14. It Stuyvesant Plaza. Albany. 489-5561

FOR EXAMPLE:

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

propriation that directly caused the
lure.

Students were upset over the new
litre aitd one said. “It‘s bad enough

that the prices in this place are out-

rageous. but now the stores even
want to charge us to get there.“
Some other students suggested

‘ boycotting the I’Iu/a. but realized it

would never gain full student sup-
port.

For the last five years. Stuyvesant
I’la/a has been pttyingtheC.'l'.A. for
tile bus shuttle. 'l'hc thirty-six store
unit has now provided the service six
days a week to the students and has
hoped for sufficient returns in
business from the university-
community.

In the last few years however. only
six stores Itavc profitted from the
shuttle ttnd when the budget deficit
was discovered. the storckecpers im-
mediately sought to end the bus ser-
vice.

After deliberation. the Associa-
tion decided to chargca tell-cent fare
to defray sortie of the costs.
Ricltmaii expressed hope that the
fare would not keep the patrons
away. His official suggested that
they could have charged twenty ﬁve
cents to defray all costs of the
system. but that they still wanted to
give the students a bargain in the
ttansportttlion to Stuyvesant I’Iura.

PAGE FIVE

 

