 

.. «stam-

   
  

. She‘got all colors'felt tip pests. . ‘
She got all kinds ofdiscotheque cheek-proof clothes.
She got her hair all set all right. . ' .
She got blood puke purple fingernails. ,

She got bug out eyes with contact crowns.

She gets Long Island brain

She got a West lslip train -

She got a see-thru raincoat in the rain ~ "

She got a shopping-mall leather jacket that don‘t sport no stain

She got little pink pills for menstrualpain

She got a pedigree puny poodle with a platinum dtain

She got her beauty parlor man to turn her hair into a frizzless styled mane
She got a Frenchisited last name

She got a Long Island brain.

Edie Hiller
1 new use

MOW . 0R
somiutue’ifse.


[@2171

 

the sea. continues to sweep
the same set here that swept Venus.
foambom of Kronos’ sickled jewels,
shelleradled to the shore-—

here the same sea Dorisns saw
for the ﬁrst time
from the mountains first
and seized the word
of those they slaughtered
“thalassa”
and named the sea-—

the same sea here that Salamis stained
with the blood of 40.000 men.

here the sea the same that swallowed Shelley
and washed him up again,

the same here that swept
centuries below its shifting.

we stand on a different

promontory and gaze
at the same sea here

that struggles with the moon
here the sea the same

that before all time

and for all time

sweeps us and all the same
into its surging.

Thomas Miner

 

 

; I; my» aim.  - gm.

. mesa-me... man—g...

r): can . v. :-

Please help.

LET’S TALK TURKEY
On Thanksgiving Day , Refer Switchboard will be
sponsoring a dinner for the poor. They need _
your help! Food donations such as canned goods,
turkeys, spices, vegetables, potatoes, and bev-
erages are badly needed. All donations may be
brought to Just a Song. We at Just a Song urge
fraternities, faculty organizations and university
clubs to show some community spirit and help us
 For a little added incentive we’ll give anyone
who donates food goods a free copy of the album
“All Day Thumb Sucker” (with Love, Aynsley Dun-
bar, Tyrannosaurus Rex, and more)

Bring us a turkey of 15 lbs. or more and
help yourself to any single LP in the store.

dJIIJEW (3 some

1: luiv

 grxaoqs ‘ H

 

84 central ave.
albany

 

f  Puying the Price
Tethelidlhr:

This letter is in response to your editorial of
November 8. in which you urged an alternate

, way of funding NYPl RG. A mandatory refun-

dable line, you stated, would be most prac-
tical. It would be practical, yes, but it would be
wrong.

Such a system, which forces all to con-
tribute and allows refunds for those who fill
out applications, exploits one‘s apathy. No
two ways about it. The only revenue—earning
advantage it has over normal voluntary con-
tributions is the money gotten from students
who don't want Iapay. butare too lazy to app-
ly for a refund.

The reason a mandatory/ refundable system
is sought by NRC is to provide a stable fun-
ding base for the organization. it seems that
college students‘ contributing patterns change
from year to year, and the group needs a fun-
ding revenue source they can count on.
Logical on the surface, but worthy of more
scrutiny.

There are literally hundreds of
organizations operating in the United States
as well as New York State today who are sup-
ported solely by contributions. The Red
Cross. Heart Fund, USO to name but a few.
all supponed voluntarily. not mandatorily.
Billions are raised yearly by these
organizations.

These groups continue to exist because peo-
ple see them as worthy of reaching into a
pocket and coming up with money. As soon as
a group stops satisfying the public, their funds
dry up. A perfect economy, people get only
what they want.

And here comes NYPIRG worried that
students might not cough up two bucks a
semester. “Students don‘t always knowwhat's
good for them." But lguess NYPIRG docs.

So we have NYPIRG. a public interest
research group, exploiting the public‘s apathy
in order to exist. Something is very wrong.

isn‘t this method, which by its very nature
exploits one‘s apathy, something we would
want a public interest group to prowcl us
from, not something they promulgate?

Ken Wax
Chairperson, Finttnce Commmittce
Member. Central Council

 

Unitary Palestine

To the Editor:

Regarding your editorial of November.
1974 “Superpower-ed Peace". The action of
the Arab Summit, the recognition of tltc
Palestine Liberation Organization. is but a
realization of political reality.

Your editorial states: “The PLO has never
proven that a majority of recent nch films
from the refugee camps. or the CBS special on
the Palestinians. you could see inttccurucy of
your statement. As for Hussein. he is an agent
of imperialism. His slaughter ofovcrl‘ivcthou
sand Palestinians with the material and
moral support of Richard Nixon hardly
makes him a "representative" of the
Palestinians. Hiscruel and barbaric oppres-
sion of the West Bank Palestinians is well
remembered by the Palestinians. The
Palestine Liberation Organization is not bent
upon the "extermination" of those inside Oc-
cupied Palestine. or as some say. lsrael. The
PLO has stated time and time again that their
goal is a democratic Palestine where all in-
habitants can co-exist in true peace. Not a
"Jewish State" nor a “‘doslem State". nor a
"Christian Sttite",butu non-sectarian. unitary
Palestine.

The editorial referred to the Arab Summit
decision as a mandate for “unrcluling uni
proliferating war." But it is lsrllcl'u rcl'u-n‘ 
negotiate with the Palestinians the) I. m I).
Pressed and exiled that would t‘tttlsc :\ m-w

 

The Palestine utismton' digitisation has

yet the real terrorists are called helices. and
“defenders of democracy”. lsrael can down
airliners and bomb Palestinian children into
the Lebanese soil ina matter not unlike that of
the us, in lndochlna, yet it receives the good
blessings of the western world. But then,
Palestinians are something less than human
aren‘t they? According to the advocates of
lsrael. the Palestinians don't deserve the fun-
damental rigltt of self-determination. but
everyone else does. -
The PLO is in New York, not to plant
bombs. but to take pan in the discussion that
concerns their homeland. This measure is long

overdue. For the pastquarter-century, the Un- I

ited Nations has made decisions that have
drastically changed the lives of the
Palestinians, without consulting them.

The Palestinian people are not without
political representation. Only the Palestine
Liberation Organization, created and sup-
ported by the Palestinian masses. can repre-
sent the Palestinians.

Charlie Meyer

Editor,

Van Curler

Schenectady County Communin College

Bargain Beer

To the Editor:

The awesome power of the press implies
that such power be exercised in a responsible
manner. This responsibility accrues not only
to “establishment” newspapers, but also to
student organs. The ASP, however. has ap-
parently decided that it is immune from such
responsibility. I refer speciﬁcally to the article
appearing in the Nov. 6 issue entitled, “Drink-
ing Person's Guide to Off-Ca mpus Pubbing—
Knickerbocker Liquorlockcr.“

The article portrays itself as a guide to off—
campus drinking establishments. It appears.
however, to tnorc properly represent the
opinions of one very biased and obviously
misinformed young woman. This bias is un-
derstandablc and to a certain extent, cven
forgivable. Miss Baskin is entitled to her per-
sonal likes and dislikes. What is unforgivable
is her offeringthescopinionsas a factual guide
to drinking establishments. Not everyone will
agree with Miss Baskin‘s opinions, and as for
her implicd degradation of “locals” and “tow-
nies." isn't a part of being an “educated” (i.e..
student) person learning how to defuse not
foster tensions between divergent groups of
people? Come out of your ivory tower. Miss
Bttskin. You may not always bca student and
there is a great big world outside that campus
that you ought to cope with.

If you're going to be a reporter. Miss
Baskin, you ought to make at least a half-
heancd attempt to validate your facts (lust so
everybody knows. what follows is the vested
interest part of this letter). It is obvious you
prefer a suburban cocktail lounge to a bar,
Miss Baskin. but a lot of people don't. If you
Weretruly offering a "guide" how could you ig-
norc "downtown" bars which appeal to young
people? Naming but a few. I refer to G../.'s
(fol/tit: Tlu- Lurk Tavern. Ralph's and The

1.1m ('lltlm't'. 'l'hesc bars as well as my own,
have been makings lot ofstutlcntshitppy for a
long time.

The one lilill you did mcntioanht' Outside
Inutwus knocked pretty badly. You said we‘ve
"just recently" been promoting ourselves on
the campus. The truth is we‘ve been promoting
ourselves on the campus for well over a year
and a half. You said the bttr was only halffilled
on a Friday night. but you don't say what time
that was. You also said that the crowd was
noisy and the jukebox was loud. Could it be
that it fcill pttrty was going on? Youfurther
stated that the bartender was rushed. but how
can u bttrtcndcr be rushed in a half-filled place
that seats only 50 people? Could it be that
either he wasn't rushed or that there were
significantly more people than you thought?

You also complained about bitter drinks.
The bitterness wusjust the unaccustomed taste
of iiqur. '\ .u see, downtown bars don't have
I..- :. -v-~ erhend associated with suburban

~ v , vrtgttgcs. Therefore, we don't have
at .p _. on off. We can and do give a stiffdrink
.:t It reasonable price.

You said the beer was no bargain, but do

 

you new anyth ‘

. t
been branded ‘terriorilt’numerottstlm'cs.»"vs.»localrbeers,Mica skin‘fldoubt

you did." your: realise um Sdtllti' stint,

glut or $2.25 a pitcher is damndteapl‘lleferru
'ing to bottled beef, Miss Baskin,ourdome'atic
beer is only we and our imported be'er
(including Heineken) is , only 90;. That's a
trickle cheaper than any other place you men-
tioned.

I also suppose that your one visit didn't give
you time to find out about our happy hours
that offer lSedraughts. 50emixed drinks. and
yes. even l0: drinks.

In short. Miss Baskin, you blew it. You can't
repair the damage you‘ve done. but please do
men favor. The next time youdecide to writea
factual article, either be responsible enough to
verify your data, or put opinions on the
editorial page where they belong.

Bob Boor
ex-SUNYA student
owner. Outside Inn

Q“

tan—nib

A.

House Beautiful?

To the Editor:

in response to Ms. Baskin's “Guide To Off
Campus Pubbery". we would like to suggest
that a drinking person's guide should be
written by a drinking person. it shyﬁld be ob-
vious to any “drinking person“ hat Ms.
Baskin‘s need for a “safely escorted entrance
to and exit from" each place in her tour of
Albany‘s ﬁner establishments does not put her
in the drinker's ‘class. In fact, she'd probably
have trouble lining up to get in the john at
some places.

We are not responding entirely to poke fun
at Ms. Baskin. but to state our opinions ofa
couple of places that she I‘revicwed". Our
feelings will probably not erase the impression
created by her poorly informed pen in a two
page spread last Wednesday.

First the Tavern. The description of the
decor is very nice. accurate and perfect for a
column in House Beautiful. To rate the
Tavern '5 decor so well and put down the very
similar style of Across the Street is a little un-
fair. Maybe the Tavcm is a little more rustic
looking. but the Pub is deﬁnitely not “cold and
stark". For the record, Vincent's Tavern was
rcplttccdby/i crossﬁre 'Slree! Pub last year. but
Vinny, whoever he is, did not change the
name. Fred and Al. the owners of Vinnie‘s and
now the Pub, are running a place where any
one is welcome—singles, groups, couples, old
and young. Not only do they have a ﬁne price
on beer during the Happy Hours, but they
have excellent pizza and sandwiches all the
time. Maybe some regular patrons liked it
better before, but a lot more are enjoying this
place now.

Having lived by W. T. 'sone summer. [think
I can say a few words about it also (since i
drank there quite a bit too). W. 71’s may be a
student institution, but it has always handled a
large group of older people and non-students
(and always will). The management believes
"tavern" means lrish because the management
is lrish and caters to an lrish crowd duringthe
day as well as anyone else. if you think the
back room looks like a 1960‘s malt shop, you
should have seen it 2 years ago.

Finally. Ms. Baskin should not depend so
much on others for information she is relaying
to her readers. SIml/ey's is for variety maybe,
but anything else you‘ve said is wrong. To say
Suulley's asters to males is like saying the
Army caters to them also. Of course there are a
lot of men there, but then again, aren't there a
lot of men in any bar? Sludley's has its share of
women. maybe less than other places, but
what's wrong with that? Some people like to
get away from the regular routine. As far as
the population there goes. students are not
turned away or ever singled out as a group
from others. The owners do not hold anything
against anybody because of the “group” he
belongs to. Each drinker is treated as the in-
dividual he presents himself as, and as
customers there since _it opened, we've never
seen anyone treated unfairly.

 

.for those who can'affold to eatreally excellent
;food and have a fewgood'drinks. '

waiter for. his opinion. we can say it's 
“mostly a place for young couples“ but a place

As forthe l0 iouvertirglasses you now have.
Ms. Baskln, don’t go back to any of the places
you got them from. Every “drinking person"
knows betterthan to advertise his collection of
glassware and having been bartenders, we
know how the bartenders feel about people
who steal their glassMre. In general, we feel
that one should not pretend to give a fair
analysis of a barmerely bywhat it looks like.
The people make the bar. not the decoration.
If the decor was everything. how would places
like Ralph's. O’Heaneyir, good old Vinnlc’s
and Oklrie's ever have the crowds they had?

Jim Giner
Gary Rosenow

Questionable Furor

To the Editor: .

The power of certain communiebtive agen-
cies at the University. particularly the ASP. to
raise a so-called "furor" over campus issues is
u vital and'mainingful responsibility. butonly
if extreme care is taken in the exercise of this
power. ,

In your recent lend article on the reappoint-
ment of Chairman Forer of tbe‘Sociology
Department. the reporter. professgs to have
assured a' blanket'anoniﬁlty to a j‘score” of
faculty and students. so that they might be
more encouraged to talk freely on “lite reasons
for the present and former low morale." it
turns out. though. that the only reason cited
was Ray Forer. Coincidence? Or were the
cards stacked against him from the beginning?
And by whom? When the academic career.
and in so shocking a manner. the personal in-
tcgrity ofa person is so savagely attacked. we
must demand from the accuser more than
oblique references in twelve separate instances
to a “faculty member.“

As far as the editorial comment. it is no less
than shameful. and certainly poorjournnlism.
to see the ASP cite Professor Forer as “using
intimidation and coercion" and “afraid of
those who look better than him“ without some
solid substantiation of these charges. If the
faculty is so adamant in its disdain of its chair-
man, it must be prepared to do more than
supply innuendo to a publishing organ and
then hide behind pages of newsprint.

Having no academic background in
sociology, I cannot evaluate your charges of
Dr. Forer's professional ability. But having
served with him on University committees of
signiﬁcant import. I greatly appreciate his
almost overwhelming frankness and personal
warmth. Certainly. he is an outspoken man.
but that comes as a relief from the overly
diplomatic and constantly hedging academic
“superstars” who walk our halls daily. It is a
crime that Dr. Forcr be only human? His un~
dcrstanding ofmy needs and deﬁciencies and
his ability to extend a helping hand ofgenuine
sincerity made me damnEd glad Ray Forer
was my chuinnttn.

I don‘t know if Dr. Forer is destined to be
the new whipping boy of the ASP (it‘s been a
long time since the vitriolic attacks on Kendall
ct al.). but when you recognize the ability you
possessto publicly lash out and shame the very
character ofa good and decent mart. you can
only be worthy of this literally awesome
responsibility by substantiation and statement
of fact. and not by frenzied incantation ofopi-
nion. before riding your white horse off into
the sunset.

Steven Meyer

 

The Albany Strident Press reserve: the
sole right to prim or edit Letters lo the
Editor. Lellers should be Iypewriuen and
submitted to CC 326 to be eligible for com,
,siderallan.

Keep. thosqt'ard-t and letters coming-
1 Gus] .

 

 

 

  

 

 

r‘. 6‘ -mco—m.

Mid-East war.

NOVEMBER 15, 1974

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS .ALBANY'STUDENT PRESS PAGE NINE 

.L ru attests.

NOVEMBER 15, 1974

u BAGEQA. ..

 

