‘- «vmrfvlf' ~n—..

Wm ‘
w.‘_ﬂm¢ . .

 

 AdirondackPark study & labby effort

"5-Monthlymarketgrocery shopping baSket survey

/ wax-saw: "1.1
, W

7%3" .

- Gl'litlaims court advisory

.tmeareality._ f  ‘   
'I‘hc soccer season began like mostsea‘sOns l‘orthe booter. The
look in the newspaper was optimistic and everyoneon‘thetedm was
talking about a winning season. Bombings were different this'year.‘

. the optimistic outlook turned out to, be truerﬁfter acne year‘s
ahsertcc. Coach Bill Schietl‘clin returned and his heavy recruiting paid: ' v
off. The first game was a victory against RPl.a'-tea_m they hadn‘t. ,
beaten in years. The team struggled in the early going. as the mostly
Ircshtnen players had to learn to play together. But the teamjelled

the hooters played soccer powers. Onconta and Brockport. even-
ly. I he team then started a string of victories that put them in canted-.8

Mantth gas survey ._ .  ~ .. ‘ 1 3 ;   ' * t  3:3:sis;Ergszrgtggsqusssaris;translate?*
Bank interest rates & loans for consumers  ‘ ' - I " i ‘ ' ' t.its:‘::::::.:“:tf".;:that."insist? :1':."::.:‘°.:::“::“.:‘:.
' r “'ff'ain't:art?sistit'sftftt’s‘r-o...
      coiiniiiyth-arnandcoachBobMunsey.astltey ,izorlitpletedanother
9 Prescription Drug Prrcrng survey
.1 0- Listing of consumer & environmental agencres
in state

referral agency

.. family ‘dOCtors ,

in the nationals and Jim Shrader‘s running earned him All-American
honors. the team only lost three .'times. all to univeristy division op-
patients.

I . Varsity football premiered on campus this year but it seems like

l he baseball team in action against Buffalo. 'l‘he Batmen swept a pair putting them in c t mmchody furs”! 1” w" ‘hc fans' as Sparse cmst were me rule in an

non for the SUNYAC crown. ’ on em hornegamcs. lt .didn'tclfcctthc team's performance. asthey won all

tour of their home games and ﬁnished with ' 7-2 record. The team.

. A I. V. , t“ \ . a '4‘ , a I > . ,. v winningseason.ltwasanamazingcndastheharriersﬁnishedsecond
' .33 r ‘ ’ v ' | '

..r ..   xi
th‘fﬁis‘ﬂﬁﬁti ,ur ‘ .J ~\ ’ ‘v r
fish's“ 7"”siii'}? ’ "jiﬂfl; 

though. got caught in a schedule squeeze nd many of their op-  .
ponents were pretty inferior. some of those scores wereincredible. ‘
Next year should prove to be most interesting as the addition of
l~lolstra and Alfred to the schedule should makethingsalottougher.
I954 was the year when Willie Mays made his spectacular catch itj

l 1-. Fat content analysis hamburger meat

12: Fraud in advertising legislature

,p. H.

OR any problem in environmental

consume-r I
state or local gov t.

any problem in the PUBLIC INTEREST
THAT'S BOTHERING YOU

PIRG at SUN YA is now planning
projects for next semester.

To offer your help during the summer or fall preparing the above

listed projects, or to suggest proie

Art (PIRG local Board Chairperson) 457-3075 OR

During the summer write tot

Arthur Malkin
965 - 53rd St.
Brooklyn, NY ll219

ets that interest you, call:

Chris (Projects Chairperson) 457-5328

Chris Aidun
103' Barcroft Dr.
Camillus, NY l303l

=
.9
:2
S
'9
9,
ca
Q
E
N
"5
3
~
a
E.
‘5
V
E
.2‘:
\’

by Les luckcrman
'l'hcta Xi Omega fraternity
_ won the AMIA League | chain-
pionship by defeating Chicken
tiutz l3-7 in a game played last
’«Sunday.

'I‘XU scored four runs to open

“.‘N'

[m Mm, to.

America

the first inningand Chicken Gutz
answered with one. The 'I'XO
rally started when lcadoffbatter
,loe l‘lrurigan walked and stole
second. the next batter. Jaime
Soto. hunted safely. sending
l‘lanigan to third. Successive hits
by Rich Schacfer. Les Zuckct‘-

,, Uq\‘.‘-t€'\i‘m

on a shoestring

(Show this ad to your folks.)

Here are a couple of great ways to spend your summer. Wrtlrout worrying

about gas. A Greyhound Amerrnass gives you unl

rnutntl travel throughout

America($165 for l monthand $220lor 2rrronttrsr.Arroltirs rnvuluablegurdc

covers economical sleeping accommodation

5 ntunrr the any. Plan your

own trip, Anywhere. Anytime. Sleop cheap. Turn hop aboard another has.

Another nice thing: you can bring
our baogage compartment at no txklfa cost. Yo

ing on your own wheels.

50 if your folks voted thumbs down on will

your Dlhl‘ along too. We'll czrrry rl Ill
u can do some rutraruplar-

lldvtl plan: this summer,

here's a sensrhle way to reopen the discussion.
Go Greyhound. And leave the driving to us.
See Greyhound Agent Frl. 10-3 across trom check cashing

_ — — — — — — ---——""-'-”""‘

FrommervPasmantrer PuDltSllIltu Corp.
70 5th Avenue - New York. N. Y, 100
lplan to buy tt Greyhound Amerrpass. Please send me a DOSMUU‘W'"
copy at "where to stay USA" at the spaclal reduced price 0l$l~75~

ll

man. and Les (jreen capped the
inning.

the major outburst for 'l'XO
came inathe third inning when
they scored six times. The
highlights of the scoring were a
bases-loaded double by Jaime
Solo and a solo home run by
.lerry Albrecht.

Chicken (iuti. came back to
score six runs in the fifth off
pitcher Jerry Vogel. l’aul lannon
led Off the liming with a home
run. The learn then capitalized
on key hits and 'I'XO fielding
errors to boost their offense.

Both teams settled down in the
remaining two innings. TXO
ended the day with a run in the
seventh on a Rlil single by Sam
|)i(iovanni.

IXU and Chicken (jutz came
into the finals with undefeated
records. With fine pitching by
Jerry Vogcl. and the sharp
dclcnse of infieldch Rich
Schactcr and Don Knapp. 'I'XO
captured the title,

the World Series. It was also the year in which a young Richart‘l5
\‘auel‘s began coaching the Albany“Peds."0verthose twenty years
the team‘s nickname has changed but Doc is still here producing
winner after winner. This was a special year for Doc as he won his
Jtltlth game. r. i '

l his year Doc had to rebuild his squad. as the team was left with no
returning guards. The team matured as the season progressed and
they were invited lothc ECAC'I‘ournamentat Union. Thcylinished
third and ended up with the exact same record as last year. [7-9.
(iraduation again will hurt the Danes but the future still looks op-
tirnistic.

I he wrestling team continued its recent wave ol'success as they lost
only once. When allowed to wrestle. Rudy Vido proved to be a most
exciting performer. He won his second SU NYAC crown and was un-
deleated till post—season wrestling. Larry Mimsdid an impressivcjob
and his second place finish in the nationals earned him All-American
ronors.

l here was sortie improvement iii the swimming team this year. but
they must get themselves a diver if they are to continue toimprove.

l he spring season has proved to be something ofa disappointment.
the baseball learn. which are defending SUNYAC champs. are
struggling. as they only have one strong pitcher. 'l‘he lacrosse team is
around the .500 mark.

llut the track team is adil'l'crent story.astheyjustcompletedtheir
second straight undefeated duel meet season. In total they have won
29 straight. It‘s really amazing ltow Munsey can keep on producing
those winners.

Next Year

Next season holds some good promise. but a great many more fans
are needed in attendance. Some intriging promotion days are in the
plartning stage and a large contigent of fans could make all the

 

 

 

Qllnj
@uts‘tbr
Tin.

1234 “Who.

difference in in the world.

HAS  'l'he A.M.I.A. annual track
and licld meet will be held this
Wednesday. May 8. at 4:00 pm»

 Individual and team entries are
welcome. Sign-up sheets
available in CC ‘ 356. Any
 questions see Mr. D. Elkin in

CC356.

 

 

MON-Vodka

5.9 pm To all softball captains: please

 

have a stamped.‘ self-add

envelope in CC 356wyour bond
money checks can be mailed to
you if the checksare not ready
"0'30"! MU‘M  prior to your departure from

school.

PAGE TWENTY—THREE

A check or money order rs enclosed made payable to

Frommer~Pasmantrer Publishing Corp.  

This year we've done:
an «ultimo-«cription drug study. grocery book at survey, mmﬂﬂﬂﬂ"Wt—W mm m
lit-Iti- cnrc pamphlet. end othcn- ;  M «##1## $3.“; "missus? mm m
, . q I

ext year with your. help we plan to do MUCH MOB  
W

7:30 Ill
bl!

 

 

 

 

L______________________________.._

 

 

comet-Moosewoeeeeeeseaeoooeeoeoe TUESDAY, MAY 7, 1974 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

.. tear. mww ' - >WmWw-wﬂwnvW'IA~’—**W‘ "'

