   

‘ .1 To‘th’e Editor: 1

  Million. Ibellevelthat the Student ..

 

 

. a... A\,~a.._.-t\-t.-~ . _MM~vo‘wluﬁiwmukmmﬁﬂteﬁam.ab‘pm “C.” M, ...,_,..

you-13M" orgasms. »

.1: ‘ w...

ya: a

I... .5.

.. Shawna”:-

 

   

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

 

   

 
 
     

' f I would liketotake  opportunity to an;
. noun ‘ mycandidacy_t'or president of the Stu-’

  
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
 

  

“ n has ignored. the rights and ~
 the individual student and is .
‘ tlt o ’nger serving the needi of the in-
, divigual student. Thus. the theme of my cam-

" the" ‘ ’ individual _on campus.
is tosbel atl‘o ed every opportunity to express
himself. To do'thia. "cbeckdand balances are
needed to contain the high-handedness of'the
S..A.(against the student. These checks and
‘balances I believe should be instituted as
follows:

 
    
   
   
     
  
  
  

  
 
 
 

I) Any student who feels so aggrieved by the
SA that he feels compelled to seekjustice in a
court‘ of law. should'have all his reasonable
legal expenses paid for :by the Student
.Association. In this way. the SA ivill be less
prone to ignore 'ndividuat needs and wantsilf‘

proff method of seeking relief.

2) The free market system is the only way that
.S.A. icould be sure thatﬂte goods and services
it provides areactually desired by theytudents.

By use of the free market system. the S.A.
could avoid the hazards pf using tax money to
subsidize events that are not generally wanted.

In this end. the largest user of,_student funds.
(Concert board. ASP. WS‘UA.etc.I) could be
guided onto the road of self-sufﬁciencyl We
have a large enough student body that this
would be feasible.

3) Finally. I believe that politics are the
prerugrativc fa voluntary organization. not
ofa group such as the S.A‘ Thus. I would ban
any actions or expenditures that presumed'to
announce a political policy on behalflof the
student body.

All of these proposals are designed to allow
the individual student an even break against.
s.A.\ I believe that if these proposals are in-

. stit'utedl and lam elected. the individual stu-
dent will never again have to fear being dragg-
ed into the S.A.\or its events‘against his will

Thank you for your considgration.

Sammy Thomas\

Commuter’s
Programming

lo the Editor:

Will you be living in your own apartment
next fall. or perhaps at home with your folks?
If so. you have special needs and interests that
your Student Association should be concern-
ed with. With a mandatory student tax oI'So4
per year. commuting students should receive
their fair share of services and attention. And
with the great preoccupation with quad
programming. they haven‘t been.

As a candidate for a Central Council Com-
muter seat. I'm trying to determine how S.A.
can give you your money‘s worth. Some ideas
worth looking into might include a series of
concerts and picnics in Washington Park in
the fall and spring. student food and clothing
co - ops. later buses on weekends (we‘ll keep
tryingl). and the long awaited ﬁeldhouse for
basketballand ice hockey. Furthermore lful-
ly endorse Pat Curran‘s plan for an Off —
Camp'us Student Cooperative. which would
provide students with recourse against
- “ ‘ " ‘ .the utility '
and other legal hassles.

My qualiﬁcations for being entrusted with
representing you encompass all bunches of]
student governance. including service as
Chairperson of the I973 Executive Branch
Budget Committee. the Search Committee for

a Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences.

=PAGE FOURTEEN

- .

  

 year's‘and next year a com titers. fellow can-f
didate Candi Mayer rnd, I are sponsoring a
. l h '

  
    

In order’to, meet out at with it... this

. 22nd at 2 PM in the -
Campus CenterlFireside Lounge. If you‘re
wondering now if you are getting your
money'slworth out of SA. and perhaps a bit
disturbed about the 564' you ,never seem to
benefit from. please come and make yourself
heard. . Perhaps some of these campaign.
proposals are difﬁcultjoals to attain. but I‘d
like to try to make them work for us‘.‘"‘l'd ap-
preciate your help and support. Thank you.
W ‘ Steve Meyer

JSC Rebuts

To the Editor:

In the March 29th issue ofthe Albany Sm-
dem Press.there appeared an article entitled
“Council Starts Budget Review.“ At the end of
that article there is a paragraph which states
“Council member Allen Spivak stated that the
J.S.C. (Jewish Students Coalition) does not

_ .respond to the community‘s needs.“ Council
it should do so. the individual; is allowed a fool- 1

member Eric Lonschein. the paragraph con-
tinues. I 'said that they (JSC) never had
to because they were never funded by SA."
While I thank Mr. Lonschein for his defense
of the organization. his statement is not entire-
ly accurate and Mr. Spivak is certainly way off
base. ‘|. 1,,
The Jewish Students Coalition docs res-
pond to the entire community’s needs in a
number of ways. JSC provides programs of
cultural. educational and social interest to all
students of Albany State including .Ich. Gen-
tiles. members and non-members. All
members of the University Community are
always invited and encouraged to come to all
JSC events. I might add that mcmbcrsltip in
the .ISC is also open to all regardless of race.
religion or religious philosophy. Hardly a

school week goes by where the Jewish.

Students Coalition is not sponsoring either a
feature film. mixer. deli~dinner. a lecture. dis-
cussion. Soviet Jewry program. Israel infor-
mation program or table in the Campus Center
or numerous other special events.

The Jewish Students Coalition. through its
remarkable growth in the last few years. has
become a major organization on campus that
lall students can be proud of. It is unfortunate
that some students cling to the narrow defini-
tion and stereotype of a campus Jewish
organization and apply it to the Jewish
Students Coalition. ‘

As to Mr. Lonschein‘s point that .ISC did
not have to respond to the community‘s needs
since it was never on SA funded group. the
above points out that JSC did respond
anyway and now. with SA funding. very little
needs to be changed.

I would like to thunk Central Council and
Budget Committee for recognizing the impor-
tance of the Jewish Students Coalition to
Campus life and giving it an SA allocation.

Steve Show
Program Director
Jewish Students Coalition

Fund-omentol
Problem

To the Editor:

The other day I saw u poster advertising
WSUA‘s Award-winning Radio Drama
Series. According to the poster. the programs
were “funded by the Student Association."
This was news to me. since I am the one who
donated the tapes. free of charge to WSUA.

I wonder if this operation is typical of the
way in which the Student Association

r ‘ letting others do the work (in my
case. over three hours oftaping)and thcnjum-
ping in to take the credit. If the Student
Association really wants to fund these
programs it may do so by sending me a check
for snaoo. My mailbox is in the English
department.

Lester Heverling

 

To the Editor: A ' " < _

'I Would like to take this chance to islply to
the letters which have appeared'in the ASP
abdut me since I announced my candidacy for
Student Association President sometime ago.

First of all. I havebeen attacked for resign-
ing from Central Council this past year. It'
should belnoted that I resigned in early
September at the beginning of the school

semester. Unfortunately. certain people have

wrongly assumed my reasons for resigning." '
I resigned from‘Central Council for purely
academic reasons. 'Both this and last semester.

I‘have taken courses'whfch have met on _
’ claims was in the ASP.

Wednesday nightsfrom 6:45 to 9:45. This Was
the only time which I could takethesecourses.
Inasmuch as the courses were important one:
for me getting into graduate school. I felt that l
couldn't devote my Wednesday nights to
Council meetings (although I did work on
Council committees during the year).

I also would like to point out that next year I
will be ill my 5th year at SUNYA. If elected
S.A. President. I plan to only take 6 credits
each semester so that I can devote my full time
to the job.

Another point I would liketo bring up is the
fact that I was quoted as saying that I wouldn't
accept the $l500 that the SA. President is
given. That is true. But I also would not allow.
us SlA. President. the Vice President and
Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of Central
Council to receive money (as they do now).
All in all. $7500 is allocated from yourstudcnt
tax money to pay elected officials in S.A.

I am against anyone receiving money for
doing this sort ofjob. The budget is too tight
to allow this money to he spent in this way.
Also. I don‘t see why. if S.A. executives are
paid. then the executives of clubs and
organizations on campus aren‘t paid too. They
do as much work. in my mind. as the S.A. peo-
ple. Since this type of equal system imprac-
tical. I propose that nobody in S.A. gets paid
for their job.

A final point I‘d like to clear-up is the fact
that I am against I3.0.I’.S.A. receiving $40.-
000 each year. I do not see E.O.P.S.A.
providing the entire university community
with services that are different from the ones
tltut S.A. docs. lhcrc is a duplication of scr-
viccs here. Inasmuch that 85% of the E.O.l’.‘s
students tax money is given to E.O.I’.S.A.. I
do not see the system being fair to all grottps.
No other group on campus is given 85%ol‘tlic
tax money of the people who participate in it.

I accuse the present S.A. of paying offthe
E.().I’.S.A! I cannot understand why they
give E.().l’.S.A. so much money other than
that they are scared! Scared ofwhat. you ask?
The SA. is scared that E.0.|’.S.A. is going to
bc vocal and tell the entire university com
munity Itow corrupt SA. is and what kind of
political deals are constantly being made
there.

I ask you to look at the people who are on
Central Council now and see how they have
voted this year. Noticcthat they all have voted
inconsistently. ‘l‘hcy vote for clubs and groups
which thcytirc interested in. not in which their
constituents are.

l'his is tiic type of politics lutu lryingto do
away with. Political deals and ties will he a
thing ofthc past if lumclcctcd S.A. president.
In conclusion. I would like to pointoutthut
all of the letters which wurc written about me
were composed by people who are already
presently strongly affiliated with Student
Association. These people are scared thttt I
am going to be elected and clean up what
seems to be a rather corrupt government.
Who ever heard ol'astudent association where
people involved in it get special extraordinary
privileges? This is what lwilldo away with as
S.A. President. so that these people will not
get free concert tickets. or free bus tickets to
Miami. or free use of the Student Association
Car (which. by the way. only S.A. people may
use l'orthcir own personal use). Let‘s make the
system equal for all I!
Wayne Iliilper

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

'(To‘th'e’Editor: i 1 

   
  
  
   
  
   
   
 

Despite Barbara ,Fishkinfs .article (ASP.
April 2) about tlie Senior Class plans: seVeraI
details about this year’s graduation ceremony
and Senior Week~ have not yet been made
clear. It’s about time class president Jeff
Bernstein realized his committment to the
class. '

First of all. many class members ARE in-
terested in helping out on Senior Week and
g’radua‘tion plan. but the ONLY meeting ever
publicized for that purpose was in January.
No one I know ever saw' even a graffiti an-
nouncement for a March meeting. as Jeff

More important than the actual plans.
though. is the fact that despite promises. we
have yet to see a new constitution to free our
class funds. Without the money (an estimated
58.00000. we‘ve been told. or OUR money).
more than underclassmen will be packing their

bags to leave by May l8th.

'l‘hirdly. as a member of MYSKAN IA ‘74. I
regret that any seniors felt that we. this group.
Were trying to control any plans. By pure
chance. three of our four class officers happen
to be members of MYSKANIA ‘74. but the
remaining clcvcn of us were nevcrapproachcd
as a central planning committee. Those of us
that did attend the January meeting to offer
opinions did so with the feeling that we could
contribute ideas equally with other class
members. but also as a representative group
clectcd by seniors themselves. We only wished
to participate. not to rule. We feel that tutdcr
tltc present system of class government.
responsibility for class affairs falls to the class
officers.

My littal. and not least important point. is
that we still don‘t know who our graduation
speaker will be. A list of suggested names.
drawn up at tltc January meeting. was sub-
mitted to President Ilene/.ct. Perhaps those
pttblic figures were unavailable or unaccep-
table to tilt: SUNYA administration for any
number of reasons. but the class ltusu right to
know who else has been approached in our
name. if .lcff claims a lack of interest on the
part of senior class members. perhaps he can
attribute it to the lack of informationavailable
to us.

Senior Week has the poicntittl to finish our
Albany years with a grand llittg. but our of-
liccrs had best get moving. FAST!

Judy Iiiulct'

Telethonic Boom

lo the Editor:

l'clcthon '74 has again shown the capital
district that SUNYA students are willing to
give ol'tlicmsclvcs. almost without measure. to
aid a needy cause. To witness this tclcthon was
tint only entertaining. but also a moving cx-
pcricncc to see how college students cart work
together toward a seemingly impossible goal
and lint stop until they met it!

We. associated with Wildwood School. are
exceedingly grateful to all involved with this
outstanding effort. including the co-
chnit'pcrsons Lori (icrbcr and David ’l'uffct.
the many committee chairmen and the hun-
dreds who dcvotcd muclt time and talent to
this program. The coverage in the Albany
Student Press and the student station WSUA
was excellent. and without doubt a key factor
in the teleihon‘s success. Thank you all. both
for the generous financial contribution to our
program to help children. and for your spirit
of enthusiasm that was contagious to all
associated with Telethon ‘74.

John Dctwyler

Capital District Chapter of New York State
Association for Brain injured Children

FRIDAY. APRIL 19, 1974

 

 

jsy sieve. Gerber
This column is an annual message to detail
this past year in our student government.
Most of you who have gotten this for may
recall that Student Association collects a
$64.00 per year student activity fee and funds
and .helps administer all the extracurricular
activities on this campus.‘ineluding concerts.

theatre and the arts. intramurals. and the

ASP. WSUA. the Torch. movies and inter-
collegiate athletics. In this seemingly brief
eleven months as Student Association Presi-
dent. l have tended to elicit two arcas'of in-
volvement - internal programming and ac-
tivities and the advocacy of student needs and
interests to the faculty through the University
Senate. our local administration. the Faculty
Student Association. SUNY Central Ad-
ministration and the State Legislature.
When ltook office last May I felt the single

largest gap in our student government was

recognition by you. Barry Davis - Vice Presi-
dent. Bob Kanarek - Controller and lspent
many hours this summer at the Summer Plan-
n ing Conferences. Many new students become
interested in Student Associaiton and our
groups. As a result of Student Association in-
volvement in the Conference many members
of the freshman class picked up theirtax curds
iii the beginning of the fall semester.

Wc promoted Activities Day. fall and spr-
ing. to show you where your $64.00 are spent.
()vcrthc summer. Barry and lrcwrotc most of
tire policics. changing the tax policy to en-
franchise piirt-timc students. for example.
Ilob Kunarek finished converting ouraccoun-
ling system for all Student Association funded
groups to computer. This has cut down the
waiting time for vouchers atid assured fiscal
integrity.

This year we are purchasing an additional
96 acres at Camp Dippikill. creating a clean
environment for our property which now
totals over 840 acres. including two CtlblnSilllti
it farmhouse. l'liosc of you who have not had
an opportunity to visit Dippikill plcasc do so.
as you will definitely enjoy yourself.

We also tried to increase the availability of
student services. In addition to free legal ud-
vicc every Tuesday night. we also are an
authorized Greyhound ticket agent. providc
xerox services. Purchase Power and other
SASU services. As the students' t'cprcscn»
lutivcs. Student Association is also responsi-
hlc for tile linen and dry cleaning contracts.
health insurance. and tire CIICIIDCSI refrigerator
leases in the Stitlc University.

lhrottghout this year. it scents lib if we go
from one crisis in govcrnancc to another. last
spring. many students \vct‘c conccrncd tilmtll
the procedures governing promotion and
lcliurc. “two were sit-ins in thc Administrat-
tion liuilding. this rcsultcd in the resignation
ol the Dean of the College of Arts and
Sciences and the formation of an ad hoc com«
miltcc composed of equal members ol the
faculty and students to examine these ptillrlL‘S.
Much little was invested in these lwoclloris.

 

In early September. the University an-‘
trounced that security had been bearing loaded
firearms in their normal tours of duty. In the
University Senate. students were instrumental
in requiring the security personnelto be legally
qualified.

In November. the first meeting of the Stu-
dent Assembly of the State Univerﬁtywasheld
at this campus. For the ﬁrst time. a gover-
nance unit. the Student Assembly. was in‘
tcgratcd with a student corporation. SASU.
Inc. to try to advocate students‘ views in the
University and the legislature. SASU. Inc.
holds many benefits towards students. present
and future.

In December. Barry and I drafted a course
proposal in student governance to be taught in
the Allen Center. Certain problems prevented
the course from being taught this semester but
it ix a registered course and homfully will be
offered next fall for the first time.

In December. the gasoline crisis hit SUNYA
and the administration “announced” that cut-
backs iit the bus schedule were necessary. We
claimed that this would be illegal and
threatened to sue on the grounds of denying
equal access to the uptown rumpus for
residents of Alumni Quad. In light of student
pressure. the ad ministration was able to work
out anurrungcmcnt to avoid drastic cutbacks
III the bus service.

In the fall semester. the Student Association
rc<cxamincd the need for a student evaluation
ol'courscs and teachers. Underthc guidance of
Dave Abrumol'l' (the Coordinator of Assess-
ment of Courses and Teachers). A.C.'I'. is now
it reality. Next week. students will canvass
most undergraduate classes with the results of
their questionnaire to he published and
ilViIIlilhlt: at full registration. Although this is
on cnortttous project in scope. I hope it will be
it success.

In lltc course of tire ycitr. Studcnl Associa-
tion nominates many students to serve its
representatives to the Faculty Studcnt
Association. tltc Councils of the University
Scuttle and Search Comtttittccs. which seek
top level administrators. l‘hrough many hours
of unheralded work. student rcprcscntutuives
serve on virtually every university-wide group.
Siudcut mcmbcrs of tltc I".S.A. have been iii-
strumculitl Ill ensuring that the corporation
docs tndccd serve our constituents. Despite
rising food costs. it is ltopcd that board cott-
tiucl prices will rcmain the same next year.

Wc attempted to change internal
procedures so that Student Association could
be more icsponsnc. Central Council tip~
protcd {I proposal to more tip thcdittc of elec-
lions to next neck and to provide for voting on
llic quads.

lltc htttlgclur) process was diluted to inv
\o|\c more ('cnltul Council members In Iltc
Sludcul \ssocmtton liiidgcl Committee. Iln»
tlL'l the Icitdciship ol (‘hniipcrson Ilowic
(ruminant. the conunuicc tried to bc lilll \vitlt
tlic mttiud ol oigum/itlions we fund and lint

 

o
“,3‘

 

 

aliasing 

O ——Gane Shalli. NBC-TV

" **** " ,



h:

e

s
4‘;

0.!
J

—- New York Dally News \
“A DAZZLING MUSICAL FILM!"
—dudlth Grist, NBC-TV (Today Show)
“LIZA MINNELLI IN ‘CABARET;
—A STAR IS BORN!” “him:

  

coming next weekend

FRIDAY, APRIL 19. 1974

 

out n... groups behind theirbackal the corn- ..

mittee and I proposed a budget which would
call for the tax to remain at $64.00 next year.
despite increasing costs.

I feel that in the area of group communica-
‘tion we have made the most progress this year.
Bob Kanarek has been phenomenal at helping
groups with the financial management of their
Student Association appropriation. For the
first time. Student Association funded groups
have been asking for advice and help in the
cordinution of university programming. And

although there' will always be hassles with '

nrganimtions over speciﬁc problems. I think
that Bob has created an aura of good-will
between the funded groups and Association.

I feel as if Student Association hasthe abili-
ty to grow much further. This year. we tried
new concepts; some succeeded and some were
dismal failures. But I can ﬁrme state that we
have ulwaystricd to be fair to you in the execu-
tion of our duties.

About two months ago. Irealized that there

were many projects that were not going to get I

off the ground. Our single most conspicuous
failure has been the lack ofdirccl communica-
tiott to you about issues and problems. We
have been able to spark increascdintcrcst in
what Student Association is and what it
should be. as evidenced by the abundance of
candidates for President. Vice President and
other clcctcd positions.

Many people have asked me who is the best
candidate for President. From my vantage
point (admittedly suhjcctivc).'l feel that we
have moved in some good directions this year.
While most of the Presidential candidates
have certain attributes that would serve you

' \chI. I feel that Gayle Knibloc is the most ottt- ',

standing.

‘ l'ltosc readers who have read this far will
note flint there is not much room left. I would
like to take this opportunity to thank the ASP
itnd WSUA for their efforts at com-
munications this ycttr.

It would he horrendous if I did not tell you
that without ntuny other people. the Student
Association would ttot have accomplished
much this year. harry Davis. Iloh Kunarck
and Sally (ioodall. Student Association‘s
secretary. have bcctt the best and the hardest
working and least i'ccognircd people in this
Association. Williottt their work and
leadership Student Association would have
been it myth. lhcrc have been lilcriilly dozens
of pcoplc who have helped the Strident
Association this year. I am sorry tltut Icntinot
list llicm all bill you know who you atrc. Words
cannot express my deepest thanks and up
pi'cclitlion to till the people who have sacrific-
cd so much of their time. l‘inally. I would like
to thank you for git ing the lite opportunity to
u otk m Sludcnl Association this past your and
encourage you to ensure good government by
participating in the elections next week.

.S'It't't' (u‘l'lu'r ix I/II’ t'lll'l't'IlI Slut/cm

l.\.\tl('f(II-fllll I'l't'xl'ilt'lu.

Be neighborly and Uioiillo

 

served you well. i yur of hardviorlt healed to’

   
   

j qualities an S.A.:offieerj must have. '

'l‘hepowers are awesome.” the person

"ms! think before they or. Many dedicated
and hardworking students invest a great deal
of their time in clubs and organizations which
may be hampered ordisbanded byttsimple ac-
ton of an S.A. ofﬁcer by not communicating.
l'rccting the budget or defuncting the group.
.; The jubis enormous. so Iheperson must he
' u lender. No individual can do any of these
’obs alone. so it is important to be able to in-
 volve other people who have time. ideas and
 hard work to offer. Without a tribe. there urn
3 be no chief. .
 The time commitment is great. so diapers-on
'jJimsI have time It) give and the ability to use
3?: lllrll time well. Unless each minute and hour is
spent in an optimal manner. there is no feasi-
ble way to accomplish even everyday tasks. let
alone additional hassles.

'I‘hc pressures are strong. so Ilu' person can-

nol he a quilti'i-{I'en or twelve times it day.
visions of freedom dance through the mind.
bill the great responsibility necessitates con-
tinuity.
_ Many delicate personal relationships must
if he maintained in the University Community.
so I/lr' [M'I'Mlll IIItl.\‘I ht‘ tll.\‘t‘l‘t‘lt'. l‘ndescretion
will severely curtail the officer‘s ability to serve
ottr students most effectively.

I do not claim id'lliivc these qualities. but I
do think that the candidate with these qualities
i' will do the best job for you. For above tltc
'othcrs is (inylc Knihloc. l as). your vote for
. her in that I have found her to be it strong
i citdcr whorls discrete. always thinks ﬁrst. is
:; judicious iu'using her time itttd completes what
I she starts. In (iiiylc. | place complctc cott-

ﬁdcncc and lit the students I place trust that
they will elect the best cititdidiitc-(iuylc

Knibloc. I “0h Kunurck

    

       
  

   

   
  

    
  

   
  

   
  
  
 

  
   
    
 

  
 
 

   

 

 

 

 

 

ZEV6'Z87
W0. mm ‘1 1””

 

 

 

Plaza settled till 2 am

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

. PAGE FIFTEEN

    

. some deﬁnitelperce'ptions an. the kind or

s

   
 
 
    
      

  
   
  
   
    
  
     
 
 

     
    

 
 
    
    
  

 
   
 
  
  

     
  
  

  
     
       
 

  
 
   
   
  
   
  

     
  
  
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 

 
 
  

 

     
       
     
     
   

‘ ?~.vw~_1mrn..,-...=~a,-.m;- '

                   
           
        
      

r...“

       

       

a.» a. . .

. - «ma. -.-.

       
      

    
   
    

'ézast‘~  

