._._ ...,......._..qp-.a_ ‘wm rump-mm -memm~» 4. ~

yef usury satin; Ipptotlcllitll
the creeping minute hand of time)

’ . Never deviating -

yielding to the force of the current
retaxing‘V I
outwardly calm

hoisting of the endured hardships

‘ the Struggle—yet jolted

fatally challenged

by the first obstacl

ll.  _ ' ‘

Choosing darkness

searching for diviner brilliant light
ignoringthe harsh uncomfortable light
streaming from/the sun ,

Settling effonlessly into the serene anonymity
into the chanting congregation :—

our father who art in heaven

 touch the inﬁnite'blur n

Ill.’ ’ ¥ ‘ ' '
Suddenly the epiphany—blood
ﬂowing more easily '
morebeautifully than water
leavinga clear crimson trail

to mark its tortuous passage

- Rough edges are more satisfying to the touch

but they take their toll-in flesh ' -

the marker of thousands

cut while cutting through knotted wilderness
The current can be fought

without blade and litany (weapons

of cowardice

so often found hand in hand)

Boldly facing the naked existence of the void
uncovered by paranoic fantasy‘A—yct Undaunted

——Speltci'r Noggin

"t triuttiutnt


i .
teedoiill

' f- R. M. Goodman if

You came with the sunlight
Bring springtime ﬂowers. and
blue skies. .
I found your love. playing. as a child does. with a shell.
washed up on the beachwpolishcd and it shone
like diamonds emeralds you may say
But when you held me in your arms
briclly We knew joy .
and now you are faraway
No comfort in my loneliness
. i yearn for'thc touch of your hand tipon my face. the
gentleness of your kiss. the smooth sound of your voice
such deep eyes
and yet tltc stin ladcs: and
the star grow cold. and their burning embers find
soliicc and dance iit my tear-drop eyes (silent eyes that
lcel so much silent voice tltiit says so much)
and my heart bursts
,/l— R. M. Unfit/Hill"

 

 

 

$2.99 each
4 forayﬁlﬂj.‘ '

 _. go's Inca, ,.

a it 0"qu P 4",.

IQ" '
,\ $4QP'9-lo ,.
' on.“ ‘33., will"

’ to. V
6:54,... Ito-co 6"
4.05 .510“ to“ “b

"19“ l: the" "' .

this blindly I‘m-onle wd on running

no” it“...
\ Mn

.. ) will
bill ave.

come see a;  

A‘ Mercantile

 my.

p
I o
~..I.’ 

Save a Little 
Green
on Browne

saturate before using - asylum 5061
for everyman - asylum 5067
late for the sky - asylum 7E - It)”

All.
JACKSON
BROWNS

LP'sj

SATURDAY ONLY

$3.99

 

 

 

 

enemas

/ OCTOBER 4, 1974

 

tie MW! . ~
Open Letter to the SUNYACommunlty:
n conjunction with the SECOND INTER-
TlONAL WEEK OF CONCERN FOR
to’ON's CIVILIAN POLITICAL
ISONERS. we would like to remind you
but the Paris Peace Agreements that Were
gned over ayear and a half ago are still not
e pg adhered to. Many civilian and political
irisoners‘ are stillb’eing kept in South Vict-
mese jails under extremely inhuman con-
itions. These prisoners include women,
hildren. farmers. intellectuals. labor and
gious leaders. and students.

: v Many have been detained for not suppor-

ting the Thieu regime (although not suppor-
ting the Communists either) or have been
falsely accused of being Communists. There

" are countless numbers of prisoners who have
v not been charged with any erimcs or have serv-

ed out their sentences. Barbaric tortitrcs are

' commonly used in these prisons. A new. *im-

prove “ tiger cage developed by Americans is

‘ now being used. It is smaller and darker than

the ones which were publicivcd and done away

‘ with in l970. A common practice in the
_' prisons is the shackling of prisoners to a wall

for long periods of time which results in
paralysis of the legs.

The Paris Peace Agreements called for the
release of political prisoners and civilian
detainees as well as granting some democratic
liberties to the people. These included per-
sonal freedom. freedom of speech. belief. and
movement. and also freedom of political ac-
tivity. However. under the Decree Lawsofthc
'l‘hicu regime. acts of any sort are outlawed if
they are directly or indirectly aimed at prac—
tisingI Communism. Any politically neutral
position is considered pro-Communist.
Freedom of press is curtailed by decrees which
threatcnb to close down any publications that
do not support the government. One reason

for these laws is that the Thieu government
does not have popular support from1he peo-~
Ple- Th: actions of this government are clear
Violations of the Paris Peace Agreement.
fhis unnecessary and oppressive suffering
can be lessened with an effort from the United
States. With respect to the facts. we feel that
the American support of the Thieu regime is
hypocritical to the values this countryalleged-
ly holds. As a matter of conscience and its a
matter of justice to all humanity. we feel that
the United States should immediately end all
aid to both the Thieu and Lori Nol
governments in Southeast Asia until the
provisions of the Paris Peace Agreements
have been fullyintplemcnted. As our represen-
tative. we urge you to oppose all legislation
giving aid to tltcse governments and to speak
publicly of tlte plight ol'thc Vietnamese people
dtic to tire intervention of world powers ittid
the failure to lollow the peace agreement.

We are also bringing to your attention a
group of semi Vietnamese students living in
tire United States who hitveiiskcd for political
asylum here out of fear of being persecuted
upon their return to South Vietnam. 'l'hey
ha\c all spoken lortltc ciitiseol peace lll Vict-
niint and stitch \till be punished bythc ’l‘hicu
gotcrnmcnt as so man} hate been. lloweter.
ottr got crnmcnt has ruled that “there is no op-
picssion itt South Vietnam." ['0 deport these
students would he to throw tltettt to tile lions.
Surely you tttiist feel that oitr country has a
responsibility to help these students.
l'herclore \tciislt you to defend these students
and \toi'k lor their political asylum.

it would be appreciated if members of the
Sllxl‘A community would send ttsa reply cs-
plaimng their own position and cuttimittments
lll this situation. as hell as any plains to deal
tttth ll. \Vcthank you lttl')(llll' concern uttd are
looking forward to your reply.

1 his letter has been written by Peace Project
and \t c intend to send it to \iiriotisgmcrnment
officials. It you support otirstittcmcnt please
corttc to our table in the ('amptts (‘cntcr on
Friday. October 3. or to our booth on Corti-
munin U nttcrsity Day. ()ctobcr5.tlnd Sit!" “-
fhc more signatures We get. the greater the

" nini ol the letter.
mm 1’ Joe Kraut

there are Uniycrsity laWs supported by it con

stitution and a governing body empowered to.

make the luws.’ However. this entire

framework of “Democracy” is negated by the '
insufficiencies of V the electoral process by '

which the students elect the “candidates of
their choice." ' ' 1 ' '

In the ‘I‘uesday. October I editorial entitled
"Voting Machinery." you mentioned the need
for students to vote iii the current student
government elections and to naturally vote for
the "candidates of tltcir choice.“ Having paid
my student tits i may therefore vote. However
there remains a seemingly slight bitt actually
major ti.chnicnlity. For whom um I voting.

0
intellectual higher’centers of le‘ri‘tin an
time [b A who ate
decade ago w re bequeath the honor of
safeguarding freedom and were then'po'r-
truyed as representing the refreshing con-
science of us all. The prevalent ‘ckly t ‘
different attitude of‘today‘hit permeated
throughout practically all segntentsiof ' our
society and? has osteiisibly permittedﬁour‘v
elected ot‘l‘icinls‘in all levels of government to
abuse their power and to subsequently lead the “
people astray and into the quagmire of crisis. 
No one can deny such happenings as the.‘
"Watergate Affair." ' ’ 'i >
I‘m not suggesting that Albany State‘s elec- '
toral systenf and bent-c it‘s student govern-
ment is on the verge of 'corruption or ruin.
llooetei‘. l atn impressingthat thercexists the
possibility lor such dectryand abuse il'thc elec-‘
total system is itot brought out into the open
for it" to see. This can be very simply ac-
complished by a campaign oil the pa‘rt of the

 

and what is the platform ol the candidate candidates and tire A.S.l’. to educate tlte
“hour I randomly select to represent nic'.’ I toters as to what the issues are ttnd wheretlte
would assuinethiitthis is nota minorqiicstion candidates stand in relation. Otherwise. as
it) the eyes of the candidates. the student longas studentsare not given the opportunity
body. or for that matter anyone. ‘ tointelligentlydistinguish betweenthc various
Aside from having published a list of the candidates. the wrong people will be elected
names of the candidates and the positions to and only the problems of powcrabuse and the
u lticli they aspirc.this newspaper has failed in neglect ol student ttccds can be expected to
its primary role of inlorming its readers. In folio“.
this serious case. it failed to furnislt the public
with the pending issues and to publish the
various positions taken by the individual

A From the Froq's Month Editorial:

Environmental Impact Analysis

Joel I. llinstok

 

Castles Burning:

Children’s Letters to Pres. Benezet

by Keri Wax
Dear President Benezet.

Thank you very much forarranging a tourfor our class. I liked your school a lot and can‘t wait

to see what it looks like when you paint it.

Dear President Benezet.

Your friend.
Micki

Thank you very much for arranging a tour for our class. l had a very nice time.and specially

liked the sounvcnir shop in the middle where I bought the colored cigarettes.

Dear President Benezet.

Your friend.
Alvin

Thank you very much for arranging a tour for ourcltiss. I thought the lake was very tticc and

really like the balloons I found near it,

Dear l’rcsid cnt Benezet.

Your friend.
Richie

Thank you very much forarranging a tour for our class. I‘m sorry about the spray paint and I

don't know who did it or why they wrote my name on the pillars.

Dear President Bone/cl.

Thank you very much for arranging a tour for ourelt

Did you find Henry yet‘.’

Dear l’rcsidcnt Bette/ct.
lltattk you for arranging a tour for our cl
any more'!

Dear President llcnezct.

Thank you very muclt l'orarranging a tour for our class. A

in college. too?

Dear President Dene/ct.
l‘hank you for arranging a tour for our clas

must be fun to ring the bells all the tittie. I‘ll do it if you ever get tired.

Dear President Benezet.

Thank you for arranging a tour for our class. Eating in tile dining but

better now.

Dear President Benezet.

Here are some letters the children wrote. How wt r“ ‘

mm"! “lem- Er../tai'u you found llcttry \ci"

Confidential to Cheryl.
"t: lied to you. There is no such thing

_ _- Coronet”, 1974‘

Sincerely Yours ’l'ruly.
Salvatore

ts‘s. I thought the tunnels were beautiful.

Your friend.
.leri

ass. I liked your schoolvery tnuclt. Isit goingto sink

Your friend.
Karen

Ill i going to have to rideu schoolhus

Your friend.
Eric

s, My teacher says you have a very intportantjob. It

Your friend.
Brian
I was it lot of fun. l'm all

Your friend.

Debbie ‘

.1 reading them as much as they did

Sincerely.
Mrs. Sheridan

as a morning-after pill for guys.

ALBANY sruﬁcu'r Passs

 

by Lawrence H. Pohl

Section IOZ of the National Environment Policy Act (N EPA) has brought into a position of
prominence the field of environmental impact analysis. Under NEPA. any "major Federal ac-
tion" would dictate the preparation ofa comprehensive. interdisciplinary environmental impact
statement ' : ssing thclongtcrtn its well as short as that action will have on the environtnent.
through numerous far-reaching court actions. NEl’A environmentiil impact legislation has
helped inject emironmentiil values into tltc federal platiningproccss.wltile at the same time sur-
tiicing as one of the more applicable procedures open to those concerned with'the lack ol‘atten-
tion paid to environmental factors.

It would be folly to dwell on the infallibility and perfection of the assessment process.forin-
deed the "state of the art“. although improving. remains iii an early stage ol'developntent. But
the process is a realistic one and. when properly ad ministered. it fair procedure: fairto the pro-
ject initiator. fair to the citizen and fair to the proponents of environmental protection.

What is the next step for the environmental impact field? From lhr‘ Frog's Mott/h endorses any
attempts to mandate environmental assessment of privately funded developmentprojectsMulti-
tinit housing projects and matnmotb second ltomedcvelopments present as much. if not more. of
it danger to the environment its do many federal actions. It makes environmental sense as well
as economic sense to construct environmentally sound and aesthetically attractivedevclopment
projects.

What is the best administrative route to take to implement a private assessment program?
Current government action in N YS comes from Part of S of the Code of Rules and Regulations
of the NYS Dept. of Environmental Conservation. that MS allows the Department to hold
hearings and approve ol'disapprove projects deemed of signiﬁcant size or which produce signifi-
cant environmental impact. The recent “’fon-da-luy“ decision and sutuequent DEC appeals
highlight the need for legislation controlling private developtncnt‘s extent of encroachment on
the environment. A private assessment bill is currently being considered by the legislature. but
political shul‘tlinghuslclt it tangled in the Capitol web. ‘
lf environmental impact assessmenMﬂﬁfoQn the environment of NYS then it
law controlling private development must be enacted. All those who are politically active thould.
consider expressing their support. - - v ,  . .  

 

machine 

 

 

 

