are V   pla . at...
political campaign s’ay’vyyitli his iurprisirt’g ﬁrst ballot:-

.  , _ w . No one expected that there wouldemerge a viétorious can-
j didate due toithe'fact that thewinner would have to have beaten all the other five com-

bined, Whatever the other handicaps of the-other candidates may‘ have been, such

j matters as" the damage ‘d he to Knibloe's campaign‘by her original close ‘association
' ththe‘out-going‘ Student Association adntiniatration willneverbe fully epiculated.
4 " ran a smart campaign and. byland-large, a clean one- one which seemed to
rep ‘ cliinate'of the entire S. A. campaign this year. The petty infighting and ac-
cusationsywhicb‘usually characterize the campaigns; were mostly absent this year. to no
on'e'sQregret. The issues were brought 'out more than once. and the studentshad {the op-'
portunity to judge on the candidate‘s respective merits. This may account for the
record. Voter turnout. A'knowledgeable electorate is the most effective insurance
against an unresponsive student govemmetﬁt. .
Curran received. for all intents and purposesia mandate from the students to effect
. the much needed reform in Student Association. He has promised a great deal in the
way of such reforms. and we are confident that he has the ability and desire to see their
realization. . , ,

But the elections is not over- not yet. The Vice-Presidential rigxcanieto the brink ofa
decision with the-14%plurality of Ken Wax. but fallingjust short of a majority requires
the run-off election this week with the number two candidate, lra Birnbaum.

The remarkable turnout at the pollslast week will go for nothing-‘ifihateffort. isn‘t at
least matched at the run~off.Therdare only twoﬂcnadidates to choose from now, only
one ofﬁce. There is every reason for the students to turn out again today through
Thursday‘like they did last week. to ensure that the most able candidateis elected.

The ASP went through exhaustive deliberationsbeforeit ﬁnally made its endorse-
ment of Ken Wax for Vice-Presidentl. Now that he is in the run-off with Birnbaum, we
again recomment hiii'election.

, To the other winners we issue our congratulations.

The-bl'Purgewof P'IRG

It is indeed disappointing to hear that SUNY Central has rejected PlRG at
S U NY A's bid for an optional line on the bill. The group was hoping that they could ob-
tain it and their failure destroys what is probably the best method to fund the group.

Whether or not SUNY Central has legitimate reasons for their rejection, it isclearly
the wishes ;of'Albany State‘s‘students that therebe [a PIRG group on this campus. No
one can ignore 5,000 signatures. SUNY Central apparently believes that NYPlRG, a
statewide organization that PIRG at SUNYA would like tojoin, is a private organiza-
tion and they deﬁne SUNYA's group in this manner. PlRG may feel that it is crucial to
their survival that this funding procedure be enacted; they are consideringa law suit.

We believe in Pl RG. Their work this year are impressive. and that when they were an
infant group more concerned about organization than their projects. The gasoline‘s'ur-
vcy. the prescription drug price survey, the supermarket survey and the rest were a real
service to the, students. Not only this campus but the entire community beneﬁts from
PlRG's‘rcsearch and consumer projects.

We cannot judge the legality of SUNY Central‘s decision. That is amatter for the
courts. But we do insist that PIRG at SUNYA receive funding soon. Delays of any kind
are delaying the full operation of what may be the most valuable service that can be per—
formed in modern society. The inexcusable amounts of red tape that SUNYA's PIRG
people had to waddle through can only hurt SUNY Central. SUNY Central ad-
ministrators were inconsiderate :to the point where we can only see some of their
statements as outright lies. Vice-Chancellor Spindler promised a reply on April l9th.
the day after PIRG Chairperson Joanne Slaight finally spoke to him after six. weeks of
trying to reach him. That reply never came. and when word was finally received Friday
it was only after seventeen members of PIRG at SUNY A persuaded President Benezet
to insist on a quick reply.

The reply itself was a perfect example of inadequate and confusing pseudo-
explanation. A real explanation was obtained only when Chancellor Boyer kindly con—
sented to see Ms. Slaight and Projects Chariman Chriss Aidan yesterday.

We hope that PlRG at SUNYA will become an instituiton on this campus. and
NYPIRG throughout the state. We reiterate our support.

é

Emma m Cater . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
MANAG_ING Emma ~ .
News I-Ioir'oa . . . . . ..
Amu'ta'u News Burma
('m' limroa . . . . . . . . . ..
EDITH-lat. l’atts‘ Emma .. .
Aali- Dianna . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Amu‘lau Ants Emma .. . . .
Pntvttw imroa . . . . . . . . . . . .
5mm Em roa . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amit'tan Smarts Barron . . . . ..
Anvsamtm; Manama. . . . . .  . . ..
Amman ontaitstru. Manama .  . . . . .. .. LlNDA DESMOND
CLAN-"Ill! Apvcarrsmo Manama. . .. . . . . . . . . . . .  Les ZucxaaMaN
Tu'msu'at Entro- . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  ..... ........Dannn. Cnau
Amman thtmcar. Ilmroas . . . . . . . .. .. Marr Maven. Michael. ltossN'raaun
Imum' Manama. i. . .. .. . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . Jsaav Museum
(laamrtEturua........’.... .....   .... .. ..WsNovAsueu
,ontatiurw Paomlcltort . . . . . ..... . . . .. . Calais ADLEI. Cmov Ilanusrr. Gaav Soswan
Prim aarttv Bolton  . . . . . . .........'.................ltoa Madman. Davtu Suariao
0: 'u t rim are wearer) m Camus Cessna 126 anu an arm nun moses altt 457-2l90 auu 457.2194.
wg unfunnin by Iris rruocrtr assoclarrou >

 

 . . . . . . . . . . . . .. l)avml.nanu|
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Na~cv Mnun
. . . . .. Nam-v Aim/mun

. . . . . ..I)\MI-.t, (laws

 l)\\m "\Hllll‘.\(ilt|i

. . . . . . . .llaxav BsNNsrr

. . . . . . . . Lasue Davrs

 KnvtN Dautttts .

. .Juuv Damonr

.. Bunce MAOOIN

 ltsN Annulm-

..l.iso\ Mt uz’

 

 

 

A

. / \‘ Y
v/l.‘\‘\\\\\\\_l

w.

 

‘mo 357w BAD our... .AND In 35 7245 DIP/V 764T."

w

When Will They Ever Learn?

Editor's Nola: 'I‘hcjblluwing is thusecond uj'a

two-part series dealing with SUN YA

academic [)U/lllttl'.
I O O 0

There is no doubt that the Vice President is
u sinccrc man. When he says the University is
getting unfairly rough treatment. he really
means it. Ilut he would be very good as a
politician. too. He knows how to argue an
issue and make you agree with him. He knows
his facts. and looks intently at his listener
when telling them. He is sincere. but somehow
also a bit slippery.

Ills delivery is low-key. Sometimes he even
sccms a bit nervous. and the constant cigarette
smoking contributes that impression.

Ills sentences are well rcasoncd and well
said. like when he‘s talking about the con-
trovcrsinl issue ol'tcnurc. Sirotkin says it is un-
fortunate that so many professors have to
leave the University because of the tenure
squeeze but. being the good dcbater he is. he
quickly points out that the situation at
SUNYA is better than at most universities. At
SUNYA almost one-half the faculty applying
for tcnurc get it. while at most schools the
percentage is much lower.

Everything Sirotkin says seems calculated
to make the University look good. When ask-
cd whether the morale of junior faculty has
been hurt by the tight tenure situation. he
wouldn‘t answer simply "Yes". That would
look bad. So he says. “,Sure. those who are
forced to leave feel disappointment. but there
nrc still-the other half who do get tenure. They
feel very good about it."

And when asked whether the University‘s

‘ ‘ programs are going tobehurt by an

 

Part II

' by Glenn von Nostlt153‘3W'

additional $200.000 cutback imposed by thc
legislature. Itc rcplies: “President Bcnczct has
bccn working vigorously to get the money
restored.“ 'I'hat helps the President‘s image.

Since llcnc'Lct is a lame-duck l’rcsidcnt. he
hasn‘t been Iookingquitc so good lately. Some
people say he's not really in charge ofthc Un-
iversity. and that Sirotkin makes all the impor-
tant decisions. But when Sirotkin says that he
pcrccivcs no lame-duck atmosphere and that
he thinks Benczct can offer dynamic
lcndcrship until the day his term is through.
then he helps both llcnclct‘s and the Univer-
sity's image. He's trying to Itidc any dirty. or
cvctt slightly soilcd laundry.

What comes out of an interview with Mr.
.Sirotkin. in other words. is a very optimistic

picture of n University with few really major
problems and only a smattering of minor ones.
all of which can be solved. It‘s, much like the
old "can-do“ attitude prevalent in the
Kennedy and Johnson administrations just
before we escalated the Vietnam War.

The “can-do"atlitudc was expressed often
by McNamara. Rusk. ltostow. Johnson.
Wheeler and the rest. They thought they
always snw light at the end of the tunnel. And
there were always the optimistic reports and a
strong desire to make things look good. Our
own view of “candoism” says that we can
solve the University‘s problems and then make
major progress. in spite of-the budget rcstric~
tions. the cconomyond chrything else. It is a
view differing markedly from that of some
other obschcrs. most of them senior
professors. who happen to think the Universi-
ty is sinking into a decade of mediocrity'.

When will grey ever Icarn'l

 

'I’ejt’t’e rs

‘ lm sPrisoned

To the Editor:

Whenever I go to the Bursar's ofﬁce at
SUNXAJ am constantly reminded of a place
I used to work. With its endless lines. “Take a
number and sit down." bullet proof glass
seperitting you from the workers. doors locked
lest students invade. and “I don't know. l‘m
only following orders" replies from behind the

v window. visions of a prison continually come

to mind.

I remember inmates complaining, "They
have small light bulbs in the cells so I‘ll go
blind when I read.“ I noticed the samething is
being done in the basement of the Business
Administration Building on this campus. The
long hot corridors with no semblance of vcn-
tilntion. uncomfortable for both inmates (ups.
excuse me. students) and workers.

The only thing which differentiates this of-
fice from the prison is that you do get more
than one minute at the window oncc you even-
tually get there. It would be nice ifthc l5 to 20
minutes it takes to settle matters was truly
necessary; but to this inmate (I mean student.
or do I?) it doesn‘t appear to be.

Even as I write this letter outside their ofﬁce
I feel like Kafka's Joseph K. I may proclaim
my innocence and say that the system is really
notproviding justice (service) and that it is the
system‘s fault. However. i do feel that in the
end lwill beforced toadmit my guilt. Guilt in
not knowing that the door of the Bursar‘s Of-
ﬁce was open and meant just for me. if only I
had asked.

Lucien Lombardo
62102

Boumon Bows Out

To the Editor:

I‘d like to thank all the people who worked
for me and the nearly 400 students which
voted for me. While I did not gain a position in
the Vice-Presidential runoff. I am still glad I
ran. Personally, I found the experience of run-
ning to be very rewarding. for both the new
perspectives I gained. and for the opportunity
to meet and discuss issues with the students.

To Pat Curran. I congratulate him on the
mandate he received. To lra Birnbaum and
Ken Wax. I congratulate them both on mak-
ing runoff for Vice President. The Albany
State campus is fortunate to have two such
outstanding candidates to choose from. Both
have worked very hard to get this far. and the
students owe it to them (and themselves) to
vote their preference 'in this wcek's runoffclcc-
tion. Let the student voice be heard!

Once again. thanks to all those who sup-
ported me. and for all those who didn‘t. thanks
for putting up with all those signs.

Andrew llnumnn

Pointed Remarks

To the liditor:

I would like to mukc a point concerning
campaigns. First. my belief is that each can-
didate should run for himself and not against
his opponent. Second. differences between
candidates should and always will be brought
out. It is'thc responsibility of thc votcr to take
into consideration the amount of partinllty
contained in the source. in rcl'crcncc to the

residential rucc.

My position of pnrtinlily stems lrom the
helicf that. ha llirnbaum and l have. that a
candidate should be clcctcd on his own merits.
We wouldn't mind if some facts about Wax
were brought out by some source other than
the ASI’.

As a former Assistant to the Vice President.
I consider myscll’qmilificd to point out; some
differences between the two run-off can-
did-ﬂies. First. Iru's dedication to thc improve-

TUESDAY,-1Alff‘tll.3’0l, 1974b

“ment of s.a. brought til electionreform rm.

this year. It includes the a) polls being located «
in the dinner lines. and b) the very first con-_
stitutional amendment to our present con-
stitution. We will now find it easier to impeach
those Central Council members who are
irresponsibly and consistently absent.

Ira Birnbaum‘s performance on Council
stands out above Ken’s. Ira was not refrained
from voting on many controversial issues. Ken
might have found it alltoo’politieally wise to
abstain from voting on some hot issues. A
voter. therefore. can't really tell from voting
records where Wax stands on many important

.issues.

Both ca ndidatcs are qualiﬁed. I do wish Ken
Wax would offer the voters some material
with substance and at the 53.33? time not
overwork the ASP endorsement again this
week. For PUBLIC INFORMATION Pat
Curran did not run on a ticket with Wax and
he still fecls that he can work well with
whichever candidate the voters want.

Gayle Knibloe

The Unkindest Cut

In thc Ediotr:

In a rcccnt issue of the ASP. a certain
rcportcr wrote an article about a recent
baseball game. Included in this article were
some comments about our mach. True your
job is to present the news to the student of
Albany State. but when you publicly degrade
someonc you are not reporting but editorializ-
ing. ()ur coach has done much for baseball at
Albany and by cutting him down you are not
just knocking the baseball coach but you are
knocking a fcIIow human being.with feelings
like anyone clscIThcrcarcllmcs When our coach
docs things out of the ordinary. Many times I
go into his ol'l'icc and ask him why he mndca
certain move in a certain situation and he
always answers me with a sound reason. We
arc not blessed with scholarship baIIpluyers.
however we do have sometalentedballplayers
in l'crry Kenny. Grank Castaldo and Kevin
Quinn. We‘ve been hurtwith injuries and peo-
ple quitting and our recordshowsit. Our coach
has doncdhc best he can under theorth
cumstnnccs. Last year he guided us to a
SUNYAC championship and was voted coach
of lhc year in the conference. He has also
brought a fall baseball program to this campus
enabling the tcam to prepare for the Spring.
Finally hc has been a great pcrsonnl friend to
mc and many others on our team.

We have a vcry Ioosc team with many in-
dividuals that kccp it that way. We feel that
Mr. Igot: has become frustrated with ourtcam
and our record. We feel that you are trying to
mnkc our coach a scapegoat for this frustra-
tion. ll anyone is to blame. blamc us. the
pluycrs. not the coach. One more thing Mr.
Igoc. we would appreciate not having you
cover our next games because we don't like
playing in lronl of someone who is constantly
cutting us down. lly cutting down our coach
you cutus down and we don‘t like it!

Bill Hopkins
Albany State Baseball team.

Count lro In

lo the liditor:

As a candidate. lrn Birnbaum has never
won any awards for charisma. llc docs not
possess a domineering character. he docs not
immediately takc control when faced by a new
situation and he is not an overpowering ex-
ccutive. Yet. nftcr knowing and watching Ira
for two years. I cannot believe that anyone
could be better suited for any position in stu-
dent government. lrn is one of those rare peo-
plc who is willing to listen to someone else. and
il necessary light for them at his own expense.
He can be counted on for however muchwork
a Job might require. Ilut most important ol'aII.
Itc is approachable and concerned only with
lhc students' welfare. lra is concerned with the
welfare of all the students on campus. not just
ottc special power group. For once. let's elect
somebody who will crusade for other people
and not for himself; somebody who will listen
hcforc acting; lrn llirnbnum.

Leonard Vnn ltyn

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS
A t .................. ..

.l n 4.x i ll.“ untgul, till IA

' To mean .r I»

The United States of am... has grown;

proud before the world. before itself.and;, .

before God. We claim to be the greatest coun-"
try on earth. Perhaps no nation nu been so 
wonderfully blessed as ours: in thefaee of thilt
we have greatly rebelled against each other.
and against God. The U.S. ﬁnds itself in the
midst of an economic. moral. and political
crisis. on the local. national and international
levels. we are faced with corrupt work by those
who seek only their own gain. America. collec-
tively and individually. has discarded any no-
tion of right and wrong. As the prophet Isaiah
said. “All we like sheep have gone astray. we.
have turned every one to his own way."

 

I
l
I
I
a
I
.i
II

a
ii
i

. .1

Iii!“ Ii

II 
i :1}
1 2

fl
a
a
ll.
ii

i i

. {is
is

i

 

 

 

 

 

Today. April 30. by Congressional resolu-
tion. is a national day ol'humiliation. fasting.
and prayer. a day for corporate and individual
conlcssion of wrong-doing and sin. for restitu-
tion. and for humbling ourselves before each
othcr and before the Lord God. As He Himself
has said. “If my people. who are called by my
name. will humble themselves. and pray and
suck my facc. and turn from their wicked ways.
then I will hear from heaven. and will forgive
tltcir sin. and heal thcir land.“ This is what we
need: we must go to the only source from
whom this healing can come. the Lord God
I‘Iimscll. If we desire to see our nation survive.
we must turn back to God. sccking His
Iorgivcncss lor oursclvcs and for our country.

.lamcs Ayers

Videotape Reploy

To the Editor:

In Annc Nelson‘s letter of Friday. April
26th. Ms. Nelson quoted an incident on the
line for “The sorrow and The Pity“ as an ex-
ample of corruption and the general
breakdown of humanity as we know it.

Ms. Nelson~stutcd that a young man was
pusscd into the lecture center without paying
by members of our personnel on the grounds
that he was the suitematc of the ticket seller.
When the lettcr was brought to my attention I
spoke to the ticket seller on the night in ques-
tion (who‘s our only ticket seller for that
matter) and Itc tells me that the young man
was not his suitcmntc...hc just lives on the
lloor above him. IFG has a very small staff
and on lhc night in question we were in need of
extra help in setting up and serving coffee and
donuts to our nudience. Yes. the young man
Ms. Nelson sow go into the center did not pay
to go in and lhnvc iton good authority that he
actually watched the film. but I can assure you
that he was working for the group.

I can understand how Ms. Nelson could he

etiarnpl b . , K V yr’nl‘ration
have dedicated myself to for the past two .
linked with the Miami broil-hula. Watergate. 1
the middle-EastWar. s all. fascist; . '
governments and'the dangerous fluoridation-
of the Sprite machine, on State Quad. Ms.“ ‘
Nelson's paranoia is limited only by berfaulty
letter writing.

it Ms. Nelson would like to many IFG film
for free she is welcome to join our staff in
August when the group begins its third decade '
of responsible service to the University and
community. In the twenty-plus years of The ‘
International Film Group‘s history. no staff
member has ever been accused of anything
more evil than spitting into the wind and I‘ve
never even been to Miami. . .

‘ Joseph Dougherty
Co-chairperson IFG

Curron's Challenge

To the Editor:

After many weeksiof planning. writing. .
speaking meeting people on dinner hues. and
generally running around. the election has
ended but the real work has just begun. I’m '
very grateful to all those who helped in my
campaign. and I compliment the other can-
didates and their supporters for keeping the
contest clean and above board. We can all be
proud" of the fact that two thousand people.
the largest turnout in SA history. voted last
week. Ms. Carol Hackett. the Election com-
missioner. has donea fantasticjob keeping the
elections orderly and impartial. She and her
assistants have been the unsung heroines and
heroes of the whole campaign. and they
deserve our special thanks. '

Now the real challenge is before us. Too
often political victors sit back thinking they
have achieved something substantial. when
actually they have won nothing but the oppor-
tunity to do much more. I sincerely believe we
can a accomplish much in the year ahead: it
new university president willbe chosen: long -
awaited improvements in the tcnurc- granting
process are being proposed; recent court ac-
tion threatening student - tenants has
heightened the need for an off campus
students‘ union: and perhaps the time is near
when students of different racial. ethnic and
social backgrounds will come to accept one
another - not by criticizing or denying our
differences. but by tryingto understand them.
There is so much that needs to bcdone. and so
much that can bc donc ifonly we set our minds
to it.

I not only encourage you to put your talents
to work for the good of your fellow students.
the university. and the community. I implore
you: whether you choose to work within the
framework of Student Association or not.
please be active. and try to be positive. Please

hclnmeind the other new student leaders make
the most of the year to come.

Aguin.thunkyou very much.

Pat Curran

The Albany Student Press reserves
the sole rig/u It) print letters to the
Editor. Letters should be type-
wrluen and submitted to CC326 to

be eligible for consideration. 'Onee 
received. all letters become Ihe ' 5
pro/Jerry of the Alhan y Student
Press. Keep those cards and letters
coming. folks!

indignant in the face ofwlutt uppcuredto have  '

... . . . - u- . . t . . . - . “unnuuuun

PAGE THIRTEEN

. .
a»....................--.-............»J

 

