:‘3

my'p‘ositio' ilant told 'of

«awe . , . '
wit Wot'diWWilIt-jtlhl.”

bly‘drewad' kshroudoveritsmarblewallswhenjitpassed!

«was. many .' .
to: any crustth , g , . , .
officer performing in the courseﬂof his duty. (as’a policeman making an arrest durtnga

' urgently-nonsenmiunwouta Watercourseme
heAssembl'ydefinedas'theintentibitalnturderbf peace",

suspected heldsup). Class A-l felonies would also consist of the intentionaltiturderot‘a‘ 'f
statecorreetional ofﬁcer performing his duties. as. for example.-while on guard at a a
x ' state penitentiary. The murderol‘ﬂobaborrections ofﬁcer on duty wouldalso qualify .'

under the'law. In addition. if the defendant at the time' of the murder wasservinga life
term in prison. or  from- prison which he was serving a life sentence, he
wouldbe punishable‘by dea'tht' ' p  '5‘. t, . ‘ ' v

The process of, the humaniiatio‘n 'ofthi‘s‘aociety has taken an inordinately longtime
From the first time the supreme Court outlawed the deathpenalty. to the humanize-
tion of mental ‘healthriitstitu'tions. to civil rights actsenacted decades passed their due,
the people have had to endure oppressive laws and statutes that have systematically
deprived_,them of basic human rights. This medieval ‘act of the New York State
Assembly. regarded as a model of progressive state legislatures. is a bleakportent, of the
reactionary turn that New York has been bent on in recent months.

The law is scheduled to take effect on September 1. providing the Senate passes it as
well. which would be eXactly one year to the day that the second most repressive law in
this state was passed, former Governor Rockefeller's infamous Drug law.

The rapid increase in the rate of police murders in the past few years is one of the
most alarming characteristics of a degenerating society. The respect of the police
among inner\city residents is atanall-time low point and with the imminent arrival of
the hot summer months. it will undoubtedly sink even lower' if sporadic street violence
occurs. But to put to death those whoviciouslymurder police ofﬁcers is a self-defeating
example of how .Nethork State is reverting to the law of the jungle. All that can result
from this iseven more death. more hatred. and more bloodshed.

Portuguese Face Lifting

ReCent developments in Lisbon suggest that Portugal, long the holdout among the
colonial empires. may soon be changing its image. Groups of armed officers and
soldiers seized radio and television studies yesterday with the Ministry pf the Army an-
nouncing their, intention to overthrow the government. Reports have its thattheyhave
been able to take control of the government with virtually no resistance and it has also
' been reported that the rebels have asked the recently ousted General Antonio Spinola
to join them. Spinola. formerly the Deputy Chief of Staff. was an outspoken critic of
Portuguese foreign policy calling for radical changes in the country's African policy
which has centered around a colonial war which has dragged on for thirteen years.

While the military style ofPoiitugal's government appears to be in no danger of 165-
ing grip. any change in Portugal‘s eighteenth century attitudes towards Movambiquc.
Portuguese Guinea. and Angolia is welcome. It might be said that the Portuguese
colonies were the last to be ready for self-government; in any case they are more than
ready now. Portugal has continued to battle the people ol'thcir African colonies; their
quiet attempt to put down revolutions is as cruel, rughlcss and wasteful as he worst of
the Western world's efforts to hold on to its colonies that have wanted independence.
I’ortugals policy has been unreasonable and foolhardy; any beginning text in
economics would teach them that much. It is obvious that Portugal is losing much
more than they can hope to gain by pathetically continuing their death-hold on these
colonies. , (

There is. of course. no guarantee that a government associated with Spinola would
free the colonies; there is even no assurance of its firm ascention to pOWer. But there is
dclinitely a better chance today of a favorable change in Portuguese policy than ever
before. and we applaud a foreign'policy that would lead to the freedom ofthe largest
single group of people left under one country's colonial rule in the continent of Africa.

Do You Know What This Means?

The ASI’ staff would like to take this opportunity to thank Ann E. Bunker fora year
of dedicated service as Editor-in-Chief of the Albany Siudeni' Press. Her personal
strengthandinsight provided us with a new direction for our future. We sincerely hope
we will not fail her. For all she has done for the ASPand the campus. community. we
give her a well-deserved thanks.

 

‘ flag)”

T

l-lurioa IN tCutrrv . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .‘ . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . .. I’M/ll) Luann-zit

Amritsar to In: Entrua . . . . . . . . . . . ..BxItItr liliNNH'l't

Ntws Hum»- . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. NANI'Y ALIIAUGII

Awu'txtt News Entrol‘ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .llisna. (Mists

('t‘tt‘ l-JuIIoI . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .I)\\Io ltwutuom
I-Jotrulutt. I'm i.  NANCY MILLhIt
Aatt l-Zonoa . . . . . . . . . . ..  Lastta DAVIS
AWK‘IAII Ants tiotm .. . KEVIN DANIats
Patvttw Emma . . . . .. .Jttuv vauoxr

Smut Emma . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . littuca anom

Amount timers Eotroa.  . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Kan Atmqu

Anvtattsmt; humanism. . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .i.l\tt\ Mt'uz'

Axtormt ADVIIIIIING Manson  . . . . . . . .. LINDA Dasuoun
CMMINIII ontlttitua Mamas!  Lu limitatime
Tu‘uuu'st. intros . . . . . . . . . . .... .. .... ....l)ANtsI. Cum.
Awrctxrt TICIINICAL Entron  .. . . . . . . . . .. Mxrr Maven. Micnxct Rosett'raxnu
It'blftfuh' Measure . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . .   . . . . . ..JsIuIv Museum
GIMHII Emma. . . . . .  . . . . .  . . . . . ...... ., . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . .. Wauov Aunts
.ADVIIIIING Fauntlerqu  . . . .  . Custm Antes. Cmnv "ENNBITI (ixtv ﬁns-mm
Ptaiit'tg'auut‘ Entrust  . ... i .... . . . . . . . . . . . Ron MAlelllN. vam Snmso

 

t0t|tt tyrtcas sac umtsu tn Camus Centre 326 AND 314 AND oua I'mqu was 4574 I90 [out til-Ill».
“giant. rtmnen ty tits sruuaur AWIJIA'IIUN . '

 

 

minutes t, t..I.
Ti-o Syn-Jute

 

defer" ,
free ourselves'ol‘this-faselst dictators

, Janis-ta um; In a’ taped Message  

 

 

. . . ms HA5 "BEEN A PUBLIC.:6£RV/.CE. mgr/SAGE ’

 

WW

A Young View of Washington

Highest High In Higher Education

Washington «r» Satchel l’aige once ad-
monished. “Don't look back.someonc may be
gaining on you." It's a warning you should
heed if you are a student, or parents of a stu-
dent enrolled in one of the nation‘s four #—
ycur public colleges or universities, for your
“someone” is high — much higher -— tuition
costs.

This year alone. average tuitions for resi-
dent studentstttafour«~year post I secondary
public institutions rose from $498 to $54l. an
increase which has already “caught up“ with
some students. forcing them to transfer to two

year community collegesorto drop ottt of
tltc education race all togethcr'l‘his is tt clear
sign that if tuition costs are permitted to
accelerate at their present rules. the result will
prove disastrous. not only to students and
parents. but to the entire system of higher
education -— public and private.

indeed. if a recent report of the prestigious
National Commission of Financing Post 
Secondary Education is to be believed. every
Sltltl increase in tuition causes a popping 2.5
per cent decrease in college and university
enrollment.

What is equally alarming for students and
is.the position taken by two of high
education's most inﬂuential “friends”. the
Carnegie Commission and the Committee for
[Economic Development. both of which have
called for highentuitions. (The Carnegie Com-
mission recommended doubling tuitions at
public institutions over a breathtakingly short
the »—— year period.) These reports have
provided. invaluable ammunition to state
Llegitlatures anxious to cut tax support to

' ‘ colleges and universities.

',Ron

The sad thing is. there are many persuasive
arguments against raising tuition which have
yct to receive the attention thcy'dcscrvc. First.
there is considerable evidence that raising
tuitions at public schools will not relieve the
financial crisis at private institutions: as
Carnegie Commission members believed it
would and as some legislators hope it will. The
private school crunch and it is real and
severe derives from inflation. higher
salaries. increased fuel costs and a host of
other pocket book traumas that plague us

all in these times, It is a complex nightmare

that has yet to be solved for the rest of us. and
won't be solved for private schools by making
their counter parts in the public scclot'
"competitive."

Second. the reports rely upon thccrroncous
notion that state governments will allocate cx«
trtt revenue raised from the proposed tuition
hikes towards scholarships for poorer
students. Scholarship programs are already
woefully under ~ financed. and have little
political muscle behind them. To believe thnt
aid to the disadvantaged will come in tandem
with tuition increases is simply not rcttlistic.
The net result will likely be the opposite: pric-
iltg poorer students out of the education
market.

l'ltosc arguments negate two of the reasons
most frequently given for raising the costs of
public college education. lint unless they are
forcefully presented to state legishttures across
the land. we nnty look back one day to find
that the higher tuition stenmr'ollcr is no longer
gaining on America‘s students and parents.
but passed them somewhere on a back turn
when no one was looking. ‘

 is... 

iJ'FteedamsPiessed

To the Editor:

Academic freedom can‘t be taken for
granted. especially at public universities.
While public universities are the most finan-
cially secure colleges. their dependence on the
State makes them the most susceptible to’of-
ficial pressure. i“

A stunning example of this sort of pressure
is the bill Senator Marchi (R-Statcn Island)
has introduced that would cut off student tax
funding from student newspapers in public
universities in New York State. (This bill was
reported in the ASP on Friday. the 19th).

If what I read in the ASP was true. Senator
Marchi is not pushing his bill while he is trying
to “work out“ an agreement with the C.C.N.Y.
newspaper whose pages have, in the past dis-
tressed him. i hope the City College students
don't “work things out" so thoroughly that in
the process they sacrifice their paper's in-
dependence from the whims of men in power.
Using a bill as blackmail. as appears to he the
case here. is a not uncommon tactic, and in
this case. it is a sordid one. '

The idea ofa financially autonomous stu-
dent paper is very possibly a good one. But
that does not excuse Marchi‘s attempt to foist
autonomy on papers that don‘t want it or can‘t
afford it.

Another place where this problem of the
freedom of public university students is evi-
dent is the State government‘s fight to keep
PlRG off the Bursar‘s bill. The pressures in
th'Is matter ure‘so great that-l doubt Pl RG will
emerge from the conflict without comprontisc.

I can only hope that these two instances
aren‘t the harbingers of many more in the
years to come. Fortunately.'l think vigorous
student lobbying can at least soften the blow.

Sue Leboff

To Abort Or
Not To Abort

To the Editor:

in the letter published inthc ASP on March
29th. Mr. Paul Cooke argued that the adop-
tion' of a constitutional amendment
prohibiting abortion Would result in absurd
and ttsinine legal questions. “Would sending a
pregnant woman tojail involve the illegal in-
carceration of an innocent pcrson‘.’ Should a
fetus be included in the census? Cttn a fetus in-
herit property?" are some of the examples he
offers. I think a sensible person would agree
heartily with Mr. Cooke that these questions
are indeed asinine and absurd. in reaching
such a conclusion. one would assume that
(.‘onkc would admit that. logically at least. it is
futile to argue against the amendment on these
grounds. llut Cooke seems to have an aversion
to logic; in another example he refers to tltc
IUD us a contraceptch device and then
thoughtfully informs us as to how it works: by
dislodging the implanted fertilized egg from
the uterine wall. This is a glaringcontrndict ion
in terms for a contraceptive prevents such
things as fertilized eggs. It is plain that the
WI). by Cooke‘s description. is un abortive
device as surely as is u curettc or a suction
tube.

If Cooke cared to offer us any enlighten-
ment. he would have explained how it is that it
woman has the right to terminate an unwanted
Pregnancy. He has declared this "right" to be
in jeopardy but has given no argument that
there is such a perogative in the first place. i
would like to suggest that. in fact. there is no
such right.

_ The issue comes down to one basic ques-
tion: is the fetus a. person. a human being?

:thDAY. APRIL 26. 1974

Cooke braunly assttntes‘ it is not. The Right to,

Life advocates  it, ls..Both these d

positions. however. are dentin-ire. An ob

live appraisal would maintain-that neither I

description it known to be the case. It is from
this point that the pro-abortion positions of
Cooke and others can be seen to collapse.
ln saying that abortion is acceptable
because the fetus is not a person. Cooke and

the rest imply that if the fetus were in fact a '

person. then abortion would have to be ruled
out because it violated the inalienable right to
life. But since the question is unresolved. how
can Cooke (or anyone) proceed to act as
though it were‘! in the'absence of definite
knowledge that the fetus is not a person. it
becomes a moral duty to insure the right to life
of the unborn. in making a decision as to the
maintenance or destntction of unborn life.
with all the attendant moral considerations.
one surely would not. indeed could not.
choose the premise that admits destruction.
Since We do not know for certain whether or

not a fetus is a person. we are morally com- .

pelted to act as if it were. to avoid even the
possibility of the unjustiﬁed destruction of an
individual. This being the case. then no one.

not even the mother. can claim the right to any 7

act that would result in the destruction ofthe
unborn child. The fetus' right to life prevails
over any right of the mother to destroy it.
thereby cancelling out this so-called right.
To suni up: Women have no “right” to abor—
tion and far from arguing from a seemingly
secure position based on such an idea. Paul
Cooke and the rest actually have the burden of
proof thrust upon them. They have to show
dclinilively that the fetus is not a person and
thereby ttnentitlcd to the rights of persons.
primary of which is the right to life. in the
absence of such proof. there is no alternut"".
but to consider the unborn persons and It
becomes profoundly imperative that they be
protected. by constitutional amendment if
necessary.
Joseph M. Baldunza

All Roads Lead to
Home

To thr Editor:

As this semester quickly approaches its ter-
mination malty students will once again come
to grips with quasi —— Hcruclian tasks.
Assignments such as four papers and four
finals will confront our harried pupil during
these final three weeks of classes.
Nevertheless. the anxiety of these assidious
and heavily burdened scholars will probably
not reach the point of their seemingly light —
loaded comrades.

The diligent and ambitious lcarncrs'havc a
great margin of error to operate with. and are
spared pains graver than overwork. Although
deadlines will produce apprehension. ex-
aminations will create mental anguish. and

grades will generate insomnia. these are’

generally the brunt of the storm. On the other
hand. the students who are enrolled in only
two or three courses. though receiving smaller
doses of the aforementioned ills. more than
make up for it by encountering a series of uni—
que and cncrvtuing troubles.

First. they fire beset by a guilt complex for
being able to afford the luxury of such it
sizable segment of free time. Recreation
ceases to become art enjoyable study interval
and instead acquires qualities oftcdiousness.

l'hosc friendly jibes of indolencc suudcnly
become meaningful. and eva remark is con-
ccivcd as hearing slotltful utotiVes. Finally
every pccadillo encounters the guilt treatment
and prod uccs traumatic rumifiuttions.

Secondly. they must combat the frustration
which accrues from not even being able to
Illtlhlul their limited schedule. The cssensc of
tile difficulty residing in the misconception
that the abundance of time should result itt
perfection.

In actuality only a certain amount ofcffort
is needed inIIpprouchirg most disciplines and
an excess of this amount may even become
deleterious. Since overwork evokel inhabiti-

lh " . "19°
caught his bind in whiehno possibility 0M“

' viuory exists. Even if they have the fortune of
achieving excellent records in the courses they
do undertake. their record is viewed with 1
reservation. ‘

For those students who arry only a few)
courses all roads miss the destination.
' James Markan

Let’EmEatCrow

To the Editor: _

Students are outraged by Watergate. the
Mid-East War. the fall of Allende‘s promising
government in Chile. Theyexpress sorrow for
the subjugation of Greece and Spain to strong-
arm fascist regimes. and they shake their heads
as South American countries fall to new dic-
tators. This outrage is well justiﬁed. Someone
should give a damn! But. Hey!. what about
what‘s happening closer tohorne—Iike right on
campus? Nearly all the students pay student
tax. Who reaps the benefits? A small group of '
corrupt politicians.

l‘d like to cite an example. I was in line fora
film the other night (April l9. The Sorrow and
1/10 [’in. L.C. l8. 7:30 p.m.). When the guy
ahead of me walked in without paying. the girl
taking tickets asked the guy selling the tickets.
“Hey. is that guy who just walked in okay?“
The replay from the ticket seller. was simply.
"Oh. it‘s okay. ha. ha! He‘s my suitemate."
This revelation was made in front of myself
and several other people waiting to pay. First
ol'all. on matter of principle. lobject to what
was done. Secondly. I resent having it thrown
in my face. so to speak. by his indiscretion.
Bad enough to suspect and in effect knotty that
favors are being handed out to “friends”. and
that connections are all. But to practically
broadcast this graft as this guy did really takes
nerve!

The issue here is not only the instance of
priviligcd behavior that night. because it‘s not
an isolated instance. Rather. it's only a symp-
tom of sometyhing rotten in the state of
SU N YA. After the Miami debacle. there was
outcry on all sides. But who mentions it
today? The incident passed. students return to
their cozy apathy. Th‘c corruption in student
organizations continucsund will continue un-
til the students vote to effectuate a change.
How many students know the candidates they
voted for?

i hope that those who come into ptIWer next
semester will have more integrity than those in
power now. ibclievcthata mature individual
ran live by his principles and can turndown rc-
qucsts for special treatment which his so-
callcd friends may ask of ltim. A person in this.
position must realize that each one of us would.

. like to see 50 or l00 free movies during the year

s

‘sellerhsve to f‘bttylf hlsf :

_ don't .
so. it: has simple’io say. “book. where does it

all slid? ,I draw thdlitté between arteries

No.- Senna 5|.orshould I'letlnyoftltywbest  ’

friends in? And how doyou’give yourfrlendu

number? lt‘any familiar faces friend‘l'Ar'IIl .  "' ' ’

friend will respect your convictions. not beg
you to'“be a pal"  let him itt free.

In short. I hope the people elected now will '

have more character and backbone than the
school politicians currently ‘servlng the
students‘. and that thestudents will give a
damn and light for their rightsand forthose of
students who will follow us. That we‘re only
here until we graduate is no excuse. After all. if
we can't change things which are close at hand
and which affect us every day on campus. how
can we hope to change national politics at
home or abroad? Think about it.

Anne Nelson

HomeSuitel-lome

To the Editor.

As a resident of Dutch Quad. I would like to .

comment on the, pandemonium that has
stemmed from this year’s housing registration
policies. This chaos may well result in the up-
routing of all freshman presently residing on
Dutch Quad and wishing to return.

I like Dutch Quadﬂ would like very much
to return there next year. But. in order to do
so. it seems that I'll have to build a treehouse in
our genuine. bird-laden pines. or pitch a tent
in our honest-to-goodness grass.

it‘s not that I disagree with senior priorities.
No. it doesn‘t bother me that I‘m being dis-
possessed hy a group of persons who just
happen to have been born a yearor two before
me. Fine. Let them use that distinction to‘
throw me out—if they live on Dutch Quad
now! Why is it that a quad can be filled by up-
perclassmcn who live elsewhere? At the time
this letter is being written (Midnight. April
23). all co-ed dorms on Dutch Quadrangle are
virtually filled. save for first~floor rooms and
Stuyvesant 'l'owcr. Even Beverwyck. a
woman's dorm. is nearly filled. However.
senior registration has just ended. The worst is

yet to come.

Earlier this evening. my own section became
so panic-stricken that a dorm directorcame to
it special dorm meeting to try and reassure us.
Reussurcd or-not. there is no feasible way we
are going to be able to keep the suites we have
painstakingly set up. With quad priority. we
would be able to stay. we who have made
Dutch Quad what it is.

Perhaps the Housing Office has.gained from
this experience. I speak for many of my quad
when I say that some kind ofquad priority isu
must.

May we all dwell together in peace.

 

"

 

Andrea Neuh
.‘

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS,

 

 

