 

 

I

 

by Mark cohen. " I _.
A young boy'fa dream and nights of sfeeplessness on the eve of his Bar Mitzvah

may not seem to be of any importance either to him or his rabbi as long as his .

voice is clear and his prayer is deep, but to Hal Malmud something was deeply
important in them—something which lasted longer than a day in the synagogue
and that was stronger than his voice as he recited from the Torah.

As I sit inHal’s room on the 20th floor of Eastman Tower on a Friday night in late
September, the reason becomes obvious to me. Hal's long blondish hair is tied up
in braids and a feather is meticulously placed in one of them. A lead eagle
medallion accompanies some beads in circling his neck. As his eyes peer out‘of
the valley between his cheekbones and his brow I become a bit uneasy. I look
about his-room which is not unlike any bther students room (or, more precisely
any other R.A.’s room) in that it contains an overﬂow of posters placed on the dull
white of the walls, and it has a stereo, records and textbooks.

But there is a difference. On the turntable is a record with chants in a foreign
tongue, cn the walls are pictures of proud and crinkly old men and women with
long black hair and brilliant scenery behind them, and in his bookshelves are
books half from his Chinese language and literature classes (where I first met Hal)
and half ih‘fulfillment of the dream which he has maintained since his 13th birth-
day and His day in the synagogue. In fact Hal's dream is more alive today than 7
years ago; his the modern rebirth of the dream it his grandfather, and his grand-
father's peopleAthe Cherokee. ' - - ' - - - '

While dh his father's side Hal is descended from a long line of Russian lews, it is
his mother's father who has the profoundest influence upon him. His mother's
grandfatherwas one of many Cherokees who were forcibly evicted from their
native lands in the Southeastern United States in the 1830's. He and 15,000
others of his people travelled what was called the “Trail of Tears"; a long overland
trek to Oklahoma. The tribe was nearly shattered by this. It took the 6,000 people
who lived many years to regain their spirit.

Hal Malmud's one desire is to "be adopted by a tribe; it may not be a Cherokee
but other Indians can adopt you into their social order as a brother."

Hal leans back on his dormitory bed and begins to talk. The lights of the city of
Albany shinelthrough into his room. From a few flights below us, perhaps on the
17th or 18th floor music is filtering through. The music is loud but it begins to fade
out in my mind as Hal talksof the actual dream he had when he was 13—the very
same age when an Indian youth is supposed to go on a "vision quest"—4 days of

~ fasting and prayer until he learns of his true spirit. Seven years later when he did

go on a vision quest, a similar vision came to tell him of his destiny.

“In the dream I was walking through a forest, kind of wandering through it. The
forest was dark and had the smell of deacy anddeath. In the darkness I stumbled
over a fallen log; a chipmunk came over to ask me if I was hurt. I said no.

"As lbegan to stand up many more animals came to see me.There was a deer,
a bear, a fox and a snake. As I looked at each animal all the movements of the
animal came to me. That is, as I looked at the snake I could see it crawling and lay-
ing eggs, when I saw the bear I could see it catching fish and crawling into a cave,
and the same with the other animals. .

"I used to think that an animal can't talk and an animal has no feeling or per—
sonality but as I looked at each animal and the movements came to me I saw that
this was wrong.

“The darkness started fading in the forest and I began to feel comfortable with
them although I can't explain why. I had a feeling of comfort in a group, of
balance and security. Although the dawn came I couldn't see the sky. The
animals told me that there was another world with a sky and trees outside of
where we were. I asked them if they could take me there and they said no.

“I began to feel lost, that everything I ahd ever experienced was nil and I
started crying—until all the animals started crying along with me.

“Then I heard a voice, saying ‘Don't cry little one.’

“And I looked up to the sky to see an eagle.

” 'Iust spread your wings and fly.’ 

"And the next thing I knew I was above the trees next to an eagle with white
markings on its head and wings. The eagle flew with me for a while and then left
me alone saying—

“ ‘You are an eagle and others will look to you for ‘ strength.'. And then my

father woke me up and told me it was time to go to Synagogue."

This summer Hal took a bus out to Arizona to study Political Science at Arizona
State University at Tempe. The course was "Revolution and the Social System"
but what really attracted him was not political scrence (or his other major,
Chinese) but the earth—

”Out there they said you could hear the earth speak. Ifelt that the earth was
calling me out there. I had originally planned on going to school, work fora while
and then split. But [couldn‘t take it. [decided totry and geton the Navajo reserva-
tion, which' is really a big one, but they woukin't accept me.

"I dropped the course and hitchhiked to Flagstaff where I happened to meet
two other Indians who took me to where they lived near Jerome (a large aban-

PAGE 6P'

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS:

 Realm-em. sum...

doned copper' mining town.) 1 ~

, “I used to have the feeling before the summer that I would never take
hallucinogens but with these two friends I feltdifferent. One of them I believe was
a member of the Native American Church (for whom it is legal to use peyote). We
would take 4 buttons each time.

"I am not aware of the procedure but we did follow some ritual. We would sit
around in a circle in a dimly lit room with a drum and sing.

"Peyote made me feel as if I‘was in the earth. I'd move my legs and feel asif the
earth moved. I'd speak and it was like the birds were singing. I waslike the rivers;
the mountains and the earth. From the first timeI started having visions gash
continuing where the other one left off.

"The first time I took peyote I had a vision where I saw some guy walking along
the road with a pack on his back and long blonde hair, blue eyes and high
cheekbones. In the vision I knew he was Indian, his name was Joe and that he was
from Denver.

"Two weeks later while driving in a pick up truck we saw someone walking
along the road andl met him.We became sworn brothers that day.

"It was unreal, like Chuang Tzru (a Chinese mystic) when he dreamed he was a
butterfly and when he woke he wasn't sure whether he was a butterfly dream-
ing he was a man or a man dreaming he was a butterfly. I don't know why it
happened, it just did. Ican't give any physical'explanation or anything like that...”

This separate visionary of Hal's became part of his everyday life. joe had had
visions similar to Hal’s previous to their meeting. Also Hal met an old Chinese
man who wandered the desert alone. Like a refugee from the T.V. series he
offered to teach Hal a certain school of Kung-Fu once he learns Chinese. At times,
an old Indian man would drop by where Hal lived with his friends.

"The Indian would be able to feel out our mood and adapt to us. He would
always come in moments of crisis, somehow knowing when they were. He would
pose us questions or speak and make many allusions to animals. Then he would,
leave by saying, “I am only a mocking bird," and retumed a week later to-see the
effect of his talk, like some Zen master who had just posed a question to his
students.

"Sometimes also we would go hunting, usually for rattle snakes. We would kill
them with a gun and say a prayer for then before and after we killed it. The meat
was unlike anything I've ever tasted.

"In the mornings I would bathe naked in the river and say my prayers. Later
we’d all go into a sweat lodge—an Indian sauna and sit around in a circle around
a hot pit singing and praying.

"I didn't know what the words meant but that didn't matter. I knew what the
songs meant anyway."

On the door of Hal's room hangs a"medicine shield" or what is a result of a vi-
sion quest he undertook this summer. The shield is brightly painted in redfyellow
and white on paper. The design is an abstract, interpretation of an eagle. Four
feathers hang down from it. Four is a sacred number among many Indians. The
shield is dircular (circles are also sacred among most tribes) but the eagle con-
tained within it is peculiar to Hat and the second day of his vision quest.

“On the second day (of the quest) there was a sunset. I had just given up on ever
receiving a vision and [was almost ready to return and admitted to having failed.

“It was one of those sunsets that seem to cover the whole sky in front and
behind you. The trees and rocks all around me were glowing orange, even my
skin. I was so intent on gaining the vision that Ionly caughtit halfway through.

“It seemed to break my uneasiness. After that I sat down unconsciously and
just began to contemplate. In a little while the vision came—it was the same eagle
1 had seen when I was 13. It came as the last thing in the vision but the eagle had
the same markings as long ago. It was all encompassing. Even the clouds above
me took on the presence of the eagle. It's presence reaffirmed what had been said
before.

"I wear my braids and my feathers now fortwo differenct reasons. For one the
feathers bind me to the spirit of the birds to which I am a brother. . . I have
accepted the eagle as my spirit and all birds at the same time.

"The other thing is that they are a natural expression of what's inside of me—a
feeling of lndianess that is just bubbling over.

“I feel allegiance to the Iewish people asa tribal people and a struggling peo-
ple but I don't have any feeling for the Iewish religion."

My interview with Hal ended some 3 CM hours after I first walked into his room.
When I got home I went brousing through a book called Touch the Earth, A Sell
Portrait ollndicn Existence. It was late Friday night, the Iewish Sabbath, when this
passage, (written in response to an offer made to a group of Indians in 1744 to at-

tend coflege) caught mye eye. . .

"We know that you highly esteem the kind of teaming taught in those colleges,
and that the maintenance of our young Men, while with you, would be very ex-
pensive to you. We are convinced, that you mean to do us Good by your Proposal:
and we thank you heartily. But you, who are wise therefore not take it amiss, if our
ideas of the kind of Education happen not to be the same as yours. We have had
some Experience of it. Several of our young People were formerly brought up at
the Colleges of the Northern Provinces (i.e. Northern U.S.); they wer instructed in
alll your Sciences; but when they came back to us, they were bad Runners, ig-
norant of every means of living in the woods. . . neither fit for Hunters, Warriors.
nor Counsellors, they wer totally good for nothing.

"We are, however not the less oblig'd by your kind Offer, tho' we decline
accepting; and, to show our grateful Sense of it, it the Gentlemen of Virginia will
send us a Dozen of their Sons, we will take Care of their Education, instruct then in
all we know and make Men of them."

One must think that after all Hal has done this summer and even now his real
education and his real barmitzvah have just begun '

NOVEMBER 12, 1974

 

inseam... j

‘But  he

..£xcerptecf from “But Can She T Ype"—IA Stud ‘ I I I I

' i . ' yolEmploymentAgency Drs- '
cnmmatron Against Women inA/banybyNewY kP b1' ‘ ‘ w I
.IBG) Karen Scdowsky, Project Coordinator. or u mkneres'Gmup (NYP-

Women work. The United State Department of Labor estimates that women
soon will constitute forty per cent of the work force. Women do not work only
because they have nothing better to do or because they wish to earn a little
pocket money. Like men, most women work out of economic necessity' they work
to support themselves and their families. In 1969, eleven per cent or all'Amer'ican
families were headed by women. In 1972, almost forty per cent of working wives
had husbands with incomes below $7,000 a year.

Even though women need to work, they face blatant discrimination in pay
scales and employment opportunities. The folloWing table demonstrates the ine:
quity in pay scales that a woman can expect to encounter once she enters the
work force: (Figures represent average income for full-time year round work.)

Education level Female M 1
Eighth grade graduates $4.400 $73838
High school graduates 5,808 9 9'96
College graduates 9,162. 1'4 351

 

Sixty percent of full-time working women make less than $5,000 per year. A third
of those make less than $3,000 per year. While 28 percent of working males
make over $10,000 a year, less tham3 percent of working women earn that figure

While differences in pay scale are striking, they do not tell the whole story. To
:::?:;:£:d::sw::::rdorbr:t women are riceiving Edi-rial pay for equal work large common  painted dark green with folding dividers to form abouteighi

e ween men an women 0 ing similar sitions. r. en’iewr * r . ' r M ' ' ~‘ ‘ v "I ~ ' '
Unfortunately, men and women generally do not hold similar positionséoWomen climbs    separate. offices  light
account for 95 percent of all typists and 99 percent of all private households ' ’ r aggrer-m  luv-t 7“  was  “hm om an
workers. telephone operators, stenographers, and practical nurses. Women have T l “w” ’ « pnm' Lane 6 Ad] Dumb)“ at me hp, and
been systematically excluded from better-paid skilled jobs and upper-level
white-collar positions.

After a telephone study, NYPIRG researchers were able to identify problem
areas and take to the field for interviews. Eight employment agencies in the
Albany area were visited, first by the "undergraduate" group. then by the
"graduate" group. Guided by prepared resumes the first group sought a fulII-tirne
permanent position that would help pay for finishing his orher education and 'he
second group sought a full~t1me permanent posrtion With a good future and 39"“
for advancement, starting at $125 a week, Neither group claimed any cler
skills except for typing.

re of a man in a suit With a briefcase in his
re was a list of about two dozen business

9  stencgraphzc abdity, etc. There
.. L .5 or.  application. Listener to the
appeared to»  that she was referring calls

a pictu

 ' in

r

  
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 

  

large common room,
ewes were men. Women were
vii-TS were 27:55.43. I was

a management :rai'iee

 

a

 
 
 

 

Undergraduate Field Study

Dunhill Employment Agency. 41 State Street. Albany New York
Female Experience:
Dunhill is a large employment operation With two dmsrons T.

tron room which is in the center of the uffrce Both divisions con

and more expensrz‘e. The agents wrrhm this secti
tromst handed me a pink application and nu. ‘
headed by the title Lady Dunhill I prr
retumedi. ._ . e recs—pawns: Sherhenasx
me in a closet With an eta-zinc i‘fpe'rlt‘le’

l was then introdrced to a female
which contained tw: other female age.
began by asking me personal questions .4
Albany because my f 2r buyir nd .r'le'i
asked me what inerde I .. ' '

   

 

"ceded ‘

   

  
 

s yrsxtrng Ireprirﬂ ma: .
went to SUNYA, The agent the-r. asked rne ’ ames ard '2...
in college. Astounded by the personal naure of tr.
motivas.The agent explained that the agency needed 5..
mine how long Iwould stay in Albany Heal/ever, Ihad enemy
the Albany area and that I was planning to Seth": there
The counselor rher. asked me what kind ct work l'n’asrnterested v...
her that I had come to hear her suggestions. that I was un '
myself. I repeatedly stared however tra' 7 r ‘ r a..
room for advancement. and the". '
employer would help pay for rr." u matter. .
quest and Sdtd that she-Could do naming is: me 1. .  ‘
do. Ithen told he: Illa Iwas very sure " '
other typical women a gob-s that were de
that the only robs they had til this div. 7.
'this division? Tne women  di'lrsrun" The I:
sion" was against the law She rdamn-c L’JJI "
DOsed to “that division as she {airs "
men! agents were seated at the: do. 1;

 

 

      

'MJ“:T.’I .. f‘r

  

 
 

After this inter:

   

'..’.’jt:, the a". ..
me. find sent me :9 me other in". 7/9..
tollowed the pattern rims/mun ar/m;
SYmDOthi-LIIC. She went mic the mar. :1 112'.
training program for rm: 'l/n‘m she {le .mrm  t '
Open only to persons who wart.- twen'y am: a:  

MA: .’l

Male Expene nce.
I was gwen a 'I/nll£' application to fill  Was: I was '
noticed that the Office was sat up for tw. ’ilf. .. : apprv’;

  

 

NOVEMBER 12, 1974 ALBANY STUDENT Par-:33

 
     
  

 

