 
 
  
      

    
 
   

  
  

' iatthe urklrwouldyre‘surnJe opi niprodue-
' and urged the President to intervene.

Now it is too late to bargain with the Turks;
_ The only recourse left is to cut off economic

 
   
  

  
 

  
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
  

~ Turkey is a valuable NATO ally. .'

{ o, _ 3 ‘ment‘considers this too drastic. because
Because the White House waited too long. it

I Washington ofﬁcials are secretly alarmed
that terrorists soon will be able\to blackmail

' the government with nuclear weapons. .
The security of nuclear weapons. they
believe. is inadequate. Just a few weeks ago.
according to intelligence reports. two teams of

by attempting to penetrate it. They Were able
to break into nuclear weapons stockpiles.
which they concluded were: 5"dungerously
vulnerabmn ltlltl'l ‘I‘Jll llllll «.Iinnl  .. ,.

'As an eitpeit pct'ii.rtilusec'uluy system is‘
"people weak." Last year alone. around three
thousand persons with access to nuclear
weapons were ﬁred. Among them "were

. alcoholics. homosexuals and even a few who
were found to be insane. Among them were
'many who could have mtidc off with nuclear
weapons.

The experts frankly expect the Palestinian
extremists to get their hands on nuclear
weapons and threaten Israeli cities with
destruction. The expertslorcsccthe day when
mercenaries will steal nuclear weapons and
sell them to the highest bidder. Libya‘s mad-
man dictator. Muamur Qaddaﬁ, for example.
has already let it be known he would pay
millions for a big bomb.

. The experts are also convinced that
. domestic terrorists. such as tthymbionese
Liberation Army. _will eventually acquire
nuclear weapons and use them for blackmail.
Already. ofﬁcials of one Florida city paid a
million dollars in ransom after receiving a
threat. accompanied by an expertly drawn
diagram ol‘a nuclcarweapon. In this case. they
later discovered that the blackniuiler was a

 

 

.‘wﬂuMW/J ,.,..~....».. fa,

’v‘VW3itéﬁ'mm0th'iIéMWoAMC‘- ﬁg“ ,\  ,.. s. A,

 

 

 

i
i
it:
}

 

' Worldwide shortages." meani’vbile. will keep
and military aid to Turkey.'The State Depart- .
' Americans. for example. can no longer afford

, 1 J ' now Iooksas ifthe country will be hitbya‘new‘
1 ' wave ’of addiction'and crime. ‘ ‘
Terrorist Ila'eltmlil --

Army Green Berets tested the security system v

" beenxjﬂu‘g‘glbd ‘curm‘ goveri'iiité‘tifihtt

‘ Recruiters reportedly have looked the other

home building. only .
new-homes. Middle-
rieans on I find mortgage money

n ..

’ ' ndustry which a vital to

i " " '. also been thrown

I lupin: Domestic car sales are down a

drastic 20 percent from the level of a year ago;
Bad'times forlthe‘housing and automobile

industries Will cripple the entire -.eeonomy.

food and oil prices high. Impoverished

 

the basic foods they need to survive. Some are
living on pet foods; others have resorted to
crime. '

Yet economic advisers have been unable to I
get positive economicipolicies out of the White )
House—inst on-again-off-ii'gain control. The l.t'llt'l‘.i‘ t‘trllIllttu't/ji‘nm page clown
latest ofﬁcial line is that the public is to blame
for overspending. ‘

Government Rip-Off

For years. American surplus military goods
in Asia “have been a happy hunting ground for
thieves and fraud artists. . '

Now. we have learned that Sen. Henry

 

 

Given the Responsibility ’

Council meeting tnujor University policy

. . . . . . questions came tip (parking. tcmire input).

“Chan '5 0" mammal a mulum'umn don” dcm newspaper? SlUdems Pay 564 me“. “'1' several political issues were debuted (over

scheme in the Micronesian Trust Territories. nuuny in sulch .ax and.you hardly ever possimc WNW” 0|. anscy (.lmk‘

Jackson has evidence that agiunt refrigerated report wimp ins with (hﬂuh‘lonoy. nu ' Fug“ wmkcrﬁ "WW", “ml voles were lake"
a

. To the Editor:
How can you call yoursell‘u responsible stu-

 

‘MNMF 3930mm“. ¢QU|PEH§D§V l‘nﬁfr'fA stu can olheielfdur‘yettrsz’i‘ld'iieveWMon the ullot‘a'tion ol' se'vc'ilil 'tliousand dollars
“my” know w Cent lCouncil is. no lesslwhnt it"‘f'lii'ib'ltidiiig $.50 rel‘tt'nds on tickets to the (hir-
hus done. it wasn't until my second year here "’ ciu concert). Within cuclt issue many possible
that r learned anything 3'90“! CL‘nlrﬂl COUII- " strategies Were discussed and stands tukeii.
cil‘s role. yet. you permitted only 37 lilies to be printed
Arid only in running for“ Central CollllCil‘ about the meeting: 37 lines could have been
seat did I discover that they (Central Council written on each of those issues.
RCP$-).,n01 lhc SA. I’I‘csidcnt Were rcspousi- ()l‘ more than 200 when“ votes taken this
bl“ f‘" dis‘rlbming lhc al’l’m’l- $700.00" 0" semester iii Central Council. the ASI’ has
“we”! "I" coma“! CV"! Wt"- rccortlcd two and in neither case explained the
A student who reads the ASI'would be led reasons behind the votes.
to assume that Central Council meets once it Did it cvcrstrikcyou. that the ASI’ may be a
month Orlcss. btlSI-‘d onyourluckol'wwmsc. major. reason behind the apathy in student
In fact. Council meets every Wed. chulug governnicntyou piously dccry'lthn will you
from the 2nd through the last week of every lucc your responsibility and give complete
semester deciding matters in the name of all \vcckly coverage of Central Council? Maybe
SUNYA students. All meetings are open and ‘ithi student representative democracy will
everyone is invited to attend. work; until now you haven‘t even given it a
chance!

 

into private companies.

Already. Jackson has pressed the Justice
Department into sending Navy investigators
to the Pacific Trust Territories to seek
criminal indictments against the ringleadcrs.

Armed Services Fraud

When the all-volunteer Army program ﬁrst
got rolling. fcw observers felt it would work.
Then the picture got rosier. The armed ser-
vices announced they were approaching their
quotas. Even the toughest Pentagon critics ex-
pressed optimism.

But we've been told there isa scandal brew-
ing in the all~voluntcer program that will rock
the Pentagon. It will not come to light. we
have been told. until early this winter. But
when it does. it promises to bea blockbuster.

Extremely reliable government sources
have informed us that military recruiters
across the nation have-been illegally accepting
applicants. Doctors have been paid off. we‘ve
heard. to pass those who are physically unlit.

Stu Simon
Central Council Representative
Off-Campus Students

 

The Albany Student Press reserves Illt"
sale right to print or edit Letters to the
Editor. Letters should be typewritten and
submitter] to (.‘C 326 m be eligible/hr mn-
.rt'r/t'l'utimt.

Keep Illlt.l't' t'tIt't/A tlllt/ letters owning.
fit/ks!

 

way while substitutes have taken mental tests
for applicants.
Perhaps more serious. our sotirccs charge. is

Muny students feel that luttcrussmnption is
an absurdity. And why shouldn't they. when
you. the main source nfslutlcnt information.
don‘t even inform them what isdccided weekly
lll Illt'll' name. with Illt'll'llltlllt'j‘I'Al last week‘s

on

 

 

 

  

 

I

640 Central‘Ave. Albany
(just below Allen St.) /I
lth 9—6 'l'h Si F 9-9 Sat 9.|5_ 
482.8010 '

mamm. «.

overalls hooded sweatshirts

[eons gloves, socks
khakis work boots & shoe
ﬂannel shirts mocassins I

va'sls

wool shirts

 

precocious teen-age boy. ’
 ,2 Runaway Inﬂation that the armed services ahvc doctorcd their
 ‘§ U.S. economic advisers are now confessing ﬁgures. Actually. we are told. they are lurl
 ' pri'vutely that the economy is in trouble. short .01 their goals.
’3. l - " '
a. .
l .3
 : SCHAFFER’S
1 i .

 

    
 
      
  
        
    

I

 
     

The Marx Bros.

Duck Soup

Thurs., Nov. 7

7:00, 9:00, l l:00 Munchies

At the 0:00 and 11:00 shows: ~
FREE-“bottle”“‘ of your choice ($7.00

limit) given to the but Groch Institution

including costume. Admission $.50

'Mull be over layup": Di c .

   

      
 
  
    

 
  

 

 

 
     

'amany..,sriio_am Passe .

l

  
   
  
 
  

   
   
  
  
 
 

  

 
       

u no c-‘vipm

now vonx (AH—Tom
O‘Horgen. known for his direction

. to the Broadway hits “Hair” and

“Jesus Christ Superstar.“ has put
together I musical that features 28
songs made famous by the Beatles,

The show‘s title? Why. “Sgt.
Pepper‘s Lonely Hearts Club Band
on the Road.” of course.

“How many shows have there
been with thismany hit songs?” ask-
cd O'Horgan.

“it is closer to the llith century
‘lleggar‘s Openi' than anything."
O'Horgan said. referring to the story
may up of.current tunes of that
time. “No songs were writtenjust for
that show.“

“Sgt. Pepper“ will open in a house
built for vaudeville and movies and
lately used for rock concerts. the
lieucon Theater. on Nov. l4. The
show‘s 32-member cast put on a run-
throu'gh performance Thursday
uftcnioon here.

The show will play in Hartford
Nov. 4-H) and open in New York for
four weeks. There are plans to bring
the show later to Philadelphia.
Chicago. Baltimore and othcrcities.

Robin Wagner. who worked with
O‘llorgan on "Lenny" und
“Superstar.” had the idea for the
licutlcs‘ show lirst. O‘Horgun said.

O‘Horgnn said. “ . . . We‘ve long
dreamed of doing something lor an
alternate tlicatergiltherc were a lot ol
people who resisted going to "Jesus
Christ Stipcrsttir‘ because it was on
Broadway. l'hcy don‘i like that kind
of formality.

"Rock concerts are taking on
more and more theatrical aspects
and. even though lhcy‘rc‘rndimcn-
tary theater pieces. young people are
ltirncd on it. they haven‘t seen any
til~ those things before. if they have
the opportunity to experience

something that is really theatrical'in
their own milieu and their own properly brought up‘tOr I
idiom. maybe we can wit? a lot of '

people into Broadway theaters."

O'Horgan said. “Robin and I took
the ‘Sgt. Pepper' record and thought
we‘d do an elaborate concert with it.
After we got into it. we felt it would
be an ideal vehicle for this kind of

theater.

‘_‘We took the words and said.
‘How can we use these to make some
.'kind of scnsc'!‘ The poetry is in-'
terestingly indefinite. in the vast kind ‘
of subtlcncss they were into at the‘

n

time. .

Young ladies who 1

   

 

if we only
had love

ll) ILM. (iotitlniiin
n is alnnys great
when two people can
grow together: in ltM'L‘ puss
mg the days uilh the
luxurious uatnilh sniroimtl
mg lhcni but then all
good llllllgs conic to an ctid cycnt
null) dnnl Ihcyfzintl this
is good ithink nncun
“lien lm c goes illile is Icll‘.’
lust tIL'sllc in: these things
cannot hold logclhut u,lasl
mg it'lnluinsliip nn il ...
\\L' only had low
thcn \\L‘ nonltl he suit-d.

 

 

 

 

 

self. to anywhere
Hawaii. Tax not included.

@ New YorkTelephone '

-\ I
nugth minute

11 PM to 8 AM daily. Call anywhere in the
country for 35¢ or less or anywhere In
New York State for 25¢ or less.

Each additional minute costs 20(1) 0

rates a )I to station-to-slation calls you dial your-
p‘ y in the U.S., except Alaska &

r less. These

 

 

 

NOVEMBER 6, 1974

I t

ALBANY STUDENT mass

i

hopelessly old-fashioned?) ‘ know
that they must riot accept rides from
strangers. In classical mythology Eu-
ropa. daughter of the Phoenician
King Agenor. ignored this basic rule
and consequently had some very
remarkable experiences. Perhaps we
will forgive her indiscretion'. because
the circumstances were highly un-

    

maidens were picking flowers (What

 
   
   

    

  

else would ihey.be‘doing‘1),ln a ‘=
meadow 'by the sea. 'There'zeus. “I; Minomcmnuﬁo

never slow to notice a pretty girl. ‘ﬁhwmﬁmhy. go". Mamng
appeared to her in the form ol’a sent-
ly and handsome bull. Europa found :
herself attracted to’ thrbiill‘and on .harmiltiOWMI
climbed on his back. Hepromptly j‘gbom .Mn yap. “0‘ by m:
.rcurrled herol'f.overthueagtoCIéfe- Metropolitan useum'of’Art. ti‘is‘

 

he'l'rojan War. by. depicted

  

. linked to the “continent of Europe.

 

.

'tures and vase paintings. Roman
wall paintings and mosaics. pain-
tings by Titian. Veronese.and Rem-
brandt among others. a tapestry by
Houchcr. and modern cartoons.
Europit on the bull appears also
on ancient coins from the Phoeni-
cian city of Sidon. from Crete. and

shows a postage stamp issued earlier
this year by the postal authorities of
Cyprus. The stamp features the
rciersc side ol'a coin minted in the
second linll'ol' the fifth century B.C.
by the Cypriot city of Marion. A
skilled artist has portrayed Europa
dressed in u long chitoii. riding
sideways on the galloping bull. and
hanging on .loyonc of the animal‘s
horns \\‘ll|l her right hand. The two-

lunguage but in the Cypriot
syllabury. a form of writing still used
on Cyprus long after alphabetical
writing had been introduced
clscuhcrc. The inscription is in
retrograde. i.c.. it must be read from
right to tell. l'tunslitcratcd it spells
bu—si llil-nio-ku-ri-m-se. and it
means "ol King limocharis." The
coin is in the Cyprus Museum in
Nicosia.

 

Starshi'p Soars
l"l“l””“‘/./""”’I'W“ l‘l .mL- lunlt is the inclusion of the
strings. Kuukoncn has aptly
dcmnustnitcd in the past that he
doesn‘t need strings to lill in the
holes supposedly tell by tun lll-
slt‘tnncnls. '

It» important \\illl Knuknncn. llc
tlocs most ol the singing. but it is his
gun.“ than tlocsall thcspcaking. Ills
linger picking st) lc giics the liliPI'US-,
slon ol more than two guitars. lhc

 

TRYALTEC BUTTERMItK.
n DOGSN'T cone
FROM A cow

Moniegumo‘9
Tequila Buttermilk

Montekumo Tequila,
11; ounces. Lemon-
Lime Sodo Pop, 1
bottle.
Blend in blender wlth
cracked lce.5etve in
roll gloss. Garnish

' with lemon or lime

 

EHECATL
(lHE WIND)
symbol for the 2nd day
of the ancient Aztec week.

Uni/1. izll i"

 

 

 

   

{in the netherworld. Serpedoh'dbd‘in
., do

.vaee acquired "‘

not clear howi'Eiiropa’s namewu 

The “Rape of Europa” isjhifre‘y‘
quent theme in art: in Greek-scuer

from Cyprus. The photograph above ’

 

line inscription .tkuin the Greek '

     
     
    
    
      
    
  

  
     
       
  
   
  
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
     
    
   
   
    

       
    
     
      
              
     
    
 

    
            
    
  

   

 

  
 
 

