W
225:1;

. 

a

,. M    2"," ., 7"
‘ lead and Albany took a comfortable

0

an easy shot by beating the Hawks
downfcourt. The Danes' passing in
the ﬁrst half was sparkling-They-
played like the Knicks as they con-
stantly hit the openinth he defense
was just as aggressive. as they con-
stantly presumed New Paltz. causing
2| turnovers in the ﬁrst half.

Signiﬁcant to note for the Danes
was the fact that Albany started four
sophomores. including Bob Audi.
Audi. playing in his ﬁrst varsity
game. pumped in 20 points. Audi
was able to station himself under the
boards. leading to many easy
baskets. “The guys were great out
there.” said Audi. “All I had to do
was make layups."|

Audi had I 5 points in the ﬁrst half.
as he and Ed Johnson help break the
game wide open. They combined to
score 27 ofthe Danes ﬁrst 35 points.
as Albany raced to a 35-l7 lead.
From there, the Danes coasted
home. After Johnson and Audi
cooled off. Mike Supronowitr. got
hot and he was hitting from all over
thevcourt. New Paltz was able to
keep Albany's lead down because of
their center. Ron Domanski.
Domanski finished with 20 points. as
be caused htlvoct for the Dane
forwards as thcyjust could not guard
him. Still. with Domanski. New
Paltz could not cut into the, Danes‘

52-33,Iesd into the lockér-roomat
half-time. ' »
New Paltz musthavehadthoughts

' about making a secondhalf come.-

back as their shoots were dropping
at the start‘of the half. Also, they
stopped taming over the ball. The
Haivks clased to within l5 points.
But Sup‘ronowitz ‘and Johnson put

‘ an end to those thoughts, as they led

an l8-6 spurt to put thegumeout of

reach. Sauers emptied his bench and
showed off how much talent his team

has.

There was still one thing left. at
least for the Albany fans. The Danes
had a chance to reach the magic l00
point mark as Mel Brown left them
two points under, after making two
foul shots with 24 seconds. With the
Albany crowd on their feet. Gary
Trevett quickly stole the ball.
However. to the dismay of the
crowd. the team missed four good
opportunities. but they still had a98-
68 victory. '

Saucrs was pleased with the way
the Dancs‘ running game worked.
"We played the game at our tempo.“
Still he was disappointed with the
team's ability to setup.' feeling
Albanyisjudgment . was poor.

Saucrs felt that Bob Audi “played
very well fora sophomore.“ Audi is
certainly a line addition to the
Danes' roster. as he is a gutsy
ballplayer, who never stops working
on the court. Still, he hasa way to go
on his defense. as he had trouble
guarding Domanski. “You can't
fault him.“ said Saucrs. “He wasn‘t
getting help from his teammates."
His defensive play should improve as
the season progresses as he will have
to guard the top player on the op-

ld Johnson goes up tor o shoot against his New Poll: defender.
Johnson ltntshod In evening with 1. points.

3

. position.

Mike Supronowitz had a fine
shooting night. as he hit for is
points. Shots that weren't going in
for him last year. were failing against
New Paltz. Mike's passing was par-
ticularly impressive. as he was able
to feed Audi for agcouple of easy
baskets.

Ed Johnson had a fine offensive
performance. as he also has 18
points. The fast break offense looked
likeitwascreatedjustforJohnson as
he got a number of easy baskets. He
also played anaggrcssivedefense, as
he was able to come up with some
crucial steals. Ed, though. still show-
ed he is a sophomore. as he made a
coupleof careless mistakes. Once Ed
matures. he could be the best
ballplayer on the team.

Gary Trevett and Rich Kapner
had a quiet night bur both were
effective. They let the other guards
score. while they did the feeding and
played some solid defense.

Pete Kooia had an offnight, as he
only had 6 points. playing before his
hometown fans. Perhaps he was try-
ing too hard. But that‘s thebeautyof
ti Doc Sauers' v team. When
somebody has an off night. the other
players take up the slack.

Tom Morphis.showcd that lie is
going to be ir-factor this year. “That‘s
the best he has looked." said Suuers
about Morphis' first game. Tom had
9 points and snared l3 big
rebounds. He also showed that he
can clog up the m iddle.as he blocked
some shots. He certainly will play an
important role when the Danes face
some bigger ball clubs.

Freshman Kevin Keane looks like
he could be seeing quite a bit of ac-
tion this year. as he put in a strong
performance against the Hawks. He
did some fine rebounding and he's
not afraid to shoot. Dave Lanahan
showed that he has improved great-
ly. and might see more action as the
season progresses.

The Danes fucc another
SUNYAC test tomorrow night as

Pups Impressive

by Mike Pierkarski

Just about the only problem the
Albany JV basketball team had in
their 95-58 season-opening romp
over New Paltz. was making sure
they caught the team bus home!

It was really no contest. Afterstar-
ting off slowly in the first few
minutes of the game. it didn't take
the I’ups long to realize they were far
superior to the undermanned
Hawks. The 53-33 Albany halftime
advantage was not even its close as
the score might indicate.

Dave Thomson emerged as the
starting center in Coach Lewis‘
lineup and turned in ﬁne perfor-
mance against his much taller
counterparts with 12 points and l0
rebounds in his sub-30 minute stint.
(Carmelo Verdejo. the preseason
choice at center. did not make the
trip.) Aubrey Brown and Eric
Walton started at iorwardand Greg
Johnson and Steve Pass were the
backeourt starters as Lewis had in-
dicated.

The gamdiegan on a dubious note
for the Pups as the Hawks came out
ﬂying, popping in a few' quick
jumpers; and intimidating on
defense. Albany appeared dis-
organized and were very fortunateto
be only six points in arrears after

 

‘ they take on Cortland at University
Gym. starting at 8:30. Cortland is 0.
I. as they lost to_0neonta. They
shufﬂed a great many players in and
out of thelineup. as they still have
not found a starting five. Height
wise, the Danes match up realwell.
This game will be preceded:by the
annual Alumni game. as former
Great Dane ballplayers will be retur-
ning.’ That game starts at 6:30. At
half-time of the varsity basketball
game, the women‘s gymnastics team
will put on an exhibition.

After the Cortland game. Albany
then takes to the road for two key
games. Tuesday the Danes take on
Binghamton in their third SUNY

Torn Morphis drives towards the hoop In Wednesday's game. Morphls .

conference game of the season.
Thursday. Albany getstheir ﬁrst real
big test of the season. as they take on
topped ranked Hartwick College.
Hartwick beat the Danes last year
and they are again loaded with
talent. A week from tomorrow the
University of Buffalo comes to town

in what should be another difﬁcult
test. Buffan also beat the Danes last ’
year. After that. it's on to the Capital _
District Tournament on December ,
27 and. 28. In the ﬁrst round the _
Danes take on Sicna College, who =
might be the best small college team »

in the state. These games should give
a good indication of how far the
Danes will go this year.

‘ke . .. ‘7
mum
I23

0

lohmon

snared 13 rebounds In his lirei varsity game.

four minutes of play. The 12-6 New
l’altz lead at that point could have
been much worse had the Hawks not
missed a few easy baskets.

But suddenly. Albany started to

‘ show signs of life. Walton and
Brown began to get tough ncartheir
own hoop and snared a bucket a
piece. while the whole team began to
play hard-nosed. man-to-man
defense. Ray Gay replaced Pass at
guard and started to make things
happen. Brown began crashing the
boards. opening up the fast break
aspect of Albany's game.

A Gay stealand pass to Walton on
the left for tWo. finally knotted the
score at I4. and after that. the only
question remaining was what the
Pup margin of victory would be. A

' Iirown defensive'rcbound and outlet
pass to Gay for a driving layup. put
Albany ahead to stay as they reeled
off nine consecutive points'for a l7-
l4 lead. A Hawk free throw cut the
gap to two before the Pups exploded
for I6 points in a rowl

Gay. the S‘li" guard who played
like Walt Frazier. was the star of the
show as he finished as high man for
Albany. scoring I7 points (l3 In the
first half) and coming up with four
steals; three Were in the space of two
minutes and were a big part of that

in Opener

lo-point burst which put the game 

out of reach.

Coach Lewis went to his bench. 
primarily, in the second half and *
they performed admirably. Amos :
Taylor was the story in the' second I

half connecting for eight points fora
total of 12 on the day. Although he

did miss a free throw (which hit x

nothing), Taylor was unstoppable

from the floor. hitting on six of six 5

field goal attempts.

Brown ended up with I61
rebounds. even though he saw little»
action in the second half. The Pups 3
actually outrebounded New Paltz  -
by a slim margin but will deﬁnitely ' i
have problems when they face bigger .

teams.
Lewis Disappointed

Coach Lewis was not ecstatic over
the triumph due to the quality of the
New Paltz squad. “This was not i -
good test." he said. and continued,
"we‘ll have to run our offense bette .

against the other teams." Lewis wa .
not especially excited over Albany' f
defense. either: "They (New Paltz
should have had a lot more points.
he said. So, fans. don't get overconf

dent now; wait until the Pups‘ ncx

game against Army (tomorrow is
Army) to see if the JV is really tha“
good. '

 

“. ..Myf|rstoﬂedltttho ,
got to thejallitvrasldoantlthetm ,
In. They didn't toketh V‘ '1
weapons. The officer let; I  tlils“seeilon” which

Student Files Open

I

Not Much To See

by Daniel Gaines and
Michael Anthony Fenty

lltis wcck lil'tccn slttdcnts saw
portions of their records under lhc
provisions oi the 1974 Rights and
Privacy Act. knouu us thc "Buckley
Amendment."

In most caiscs students will see
only their transcripts. (‘urhon copies
of tiny corrcspondnncc lt‘utii purtsof
the University to lhcstutlcnl willttlso
he nvmluhlc. l'ltc original Iiucklcy
hill would have pcrtnitlcd students
to see any rccommcndtrtions placed
in their records bill the bill was
:Imcndcd (before the grace pcriotl
coded) to exclude purcnts' financial
records. Sccurit) records. mcdicnl
iilcs. confidential letters pltlccd
bclorc January lirst. l‘)75 and. il'thc
student signs a wnivcr.ouy incoming
rccommcudtrtions.

Him to be I’clt

The hills cliccl will.hc felt most
strongly in the future nhcn “open”
iccommcndntions may he the btilk
ol thc their records.

Ilic University has prcpurcd a
waiver form for pcrmancnt inclusion
in the file if the student so Wishes.
Students cart thereby unilaterally

\vuivc their right to sec the letters of

reference they request. Such
students would continue to have a
“confidcnlittl” file. Unsolicited
recommendations placed in a
student‘s record after January first
will be ncccssablc to the student.
Waiver Forms Available

If ii student wants to waive his
right of access to some recommen-
dations and references and not to
others. a form is available to inform
the professor as to whether or not
yox will bctlblc to see what he writes.
the student is not obligated to in-
form him.

The University is checking -all
pttrts of thc University to determine
if there are rccords in other offices
that are also open to students. The
bill is making it necessary for the
school to compile till the records a
studcnt has on campus. (Not
nccccssnrily physically. but there has
been no complclc cross—referencing
system between all officcs that may
have filcs.)

Inﬁrmary Records Unavailable

lnl'irmury records are not
available to the student under tltc
:tmcntlcd hill btit still cannot he
released without his permission.

The Departincnt of Health.
Education. illld Wclfurc (HEW) has
published in the Federal Register it
sci ol proposed rules forthccnforcc-
merit of the new lau. l'hcynrcucccp—
ting comment on the bill from illl in-
terested parties.

Dean for Student Affairs Neil C,
lirown. .lt.‘s office is coordinating
the new policies and procedures
:issocintcd with the liucklcy law.
lirown says that SUNYA will be in-
lortning l-I IEW of their opinion. The
proposed IIIZW rules make it
necessary for a student to give per-
mission in writing when he wants his
records rclcuscd: "Conscnt...shztll he
in writing. be signed and dated by the
person giving such consent. and shall
include a specification of and
reasons for such release. and the
names of the parties to whotn sucli
records will be released.“

Brown Concerned

Dean Brown is concerned that the
student may not be near his records
and need his files quickly for a
prospective employer. For example.
since he would have to send written
consent before the records leave
SUNYA. there could be a delay. (At

 

 

first. he may not know he has to.)
liclorc the rich law he could call
SUNYA and they would be sent out
the szuuc duy.

l’hcrc are a number ol exceptions
to the law. It states that nothing in
the law can prcvcnt access by
“nuthorircd representatives of the
(‘omplt'ollcr (icucrtrl of the Unitcd
Stutcs. the Sccrctnry. nn ud-
tumistrntiyc llctld ol on education
agency or stotc educational
authorities.“ Also not prevented by
the bill isncccss by those olficiulsjust
mentioned “in conncctiou with the
audit and evaluation of lcdcrally
supported education programs." Art
estunplc of how this might ttl'fcc
SUNYA can bc lotirid in the School
of Criminal Justice. ’Ilicy receive
funds lrom l.l~'.l-.I’. a subdivision of
the US. lJcpnrtmcnt of Justice. As

’ida,
,n. (or “u:
s ,s

magnion lie

The Spirit Vanishesz The Washington Park Spirit
announced Wednesday that they would cello
publication. The bi-weekiy that has been Albany's
alternative newspaper tor tour years cited the
changes In the economy that hove increased
pressures on them and the generosity of their
reading public. In the farewell editorial they said:

"From Its Inception the Spirit wasnot Inientloned as
a proﬁt-making venture, and that has been for-
tunate. . .whether It has been In the stories we have
written, the graphicswe have drawn. theadvertlsero
we have solicited to support our protect. the state
Street parking garage and highway we helped keep
trom our neighborhood. the housing code we
helped to strengthen. the city budgetary procedure
we helped Iighi to democratlze. the winter carnivals
and ptnksteriests we have sponsored — all the
energies at all those individuals at the Spirit ovortho
years have been underwritten. not by narrow
pecuniary Interests, but rather. by a shared
philosophical dedication to building a new senseot
a sell-reliant community. “Newspapers die every-
day." the Spirit also said. “but the energy behind the
spirit at our community will not be lost; tor It Is now
an Integral part at that community. There Is too

interpreted by ll EW. they still have
access to the files of tluit school.

Tuition Or

much work yet to be done."

Room Hike Coming,

SASU Warns; Hartley Disagrees

by Michael Sena

Student Association of the State Universities (SASU)
President Dan Kohttnc has urged the Board of Trustees
to reject consideration of any possible tuition or room
rent hike.

Kohnnc said that rumors of pending hikes have been
rampant ever since Governor Carey‘s State of the Slate
message in which he said he would cut the state budget by
It) per cent. There has been “talk oi’n room rent bike for
month." said SASU Information and Research Direc-
tor l'odd Rubinstein.

"No orient SU NY Central will be pinned down until
after its happened. and then it‘s too late." Rubinstein ex-
plained. Rubinstein noted that there is a “definite
possibility" of some kind of bike.

llowcvcr. SUNYA Vice-President of Management
and Planning .lohn Hartley said that the “signals havu
been for no increase. Normally if something like that is
being planned we would have heard." he added, The
“liourd of Trustees will go very slow in increasing tui-
tion." said Hartley.

SASU is trying to organize the state campus into a
“united front"aguinst any possible hike. SASU feels that
they must act now because after the Governor presents
his budget on February i. the Board of Trustees will
meet and vote whether or not to have a tuition or room
hike. “Once they vote it‘s too late.“ said Rubinstein.

SASU President Kohanc. speaking at a meeting of the
Board of Trustees Wednesday said. “I am asking the

(inventor and the Legislature to allocate adequate
funds. and lam risking the Board of Trustees to take the
lead in designing and implementing University-wide '
programs to conserve. rccyclc. or do whatever is
necessary to gel the most out ofthe resource the Univer-
sity now has.“

Kolinnc noted that since I970 tuition has increased
100%. the annual ttution in the SUNY system is now
$050 for the first two years and $800 for the next two
years.

Around the tuition many other universities will be
forced to raise tuition and tan-campus housing rates
because of the economy. Both Dartmouth College and
Colgate University announced major increases. Dan.
mouth raised its tuition. room and board by 9%% mi;
week. The college‘s President. John G. Kcmcny said it
was part of an overall austerity program brought on by
inflation and u depresscd economy. "

Colgate increased its tuition by $275 to$3.475 and in.
cruised room rates by Eli ID for the I97S-76 academic
year. Colgate President Thomas Bartlett said the'llt- '
crca scs "h ave been held at the lowest levels possiblewhlle L
still allowing us a balanced budget for next yin," .2

Ilurtlctt said that tuitionincrease“issttghttypv¢m‘m ‘

percent below the currentntltionttlrate’ofinmyhn-ot , 7

more titan to per cent."

Russ Gtigino. public relations director  is.qu  ,-

Chuncellor Ernest Boyer could not be rescind for coins 
rnent.  I ‘ ‘ '

 

