 

 

LL ALBANY
STUDENTS ARE MEMBERS OF

   ._ . , (withpic‘ture ID and tax card)
IPURCHASE POWER
'ROLLINS BUYING srrrtvrcrr
IUNIVERSAL BUYING SYSTEMS

SAVE WITH SASU ON YOUR "SUMMER
   (on purchase of more than $150)
Stereos Cars Tires ewelry
Appliances Almost Anything

SEE THE INSERTS IN THIS ISSUE OF THE ASP
I Universal Buying System Fact Sheet

I Purchase Power Membership Card

L l
Almost half ot‘ the Ariny Reserve
()Ilicers Training (.‘orpsyunits on em
lversity campuses have suffered
drops in enrollment that threaten

their financial and academic viabili-

ty.‘rtccording to an article in the

April 28 issue ol‘ The Chronicle of

Higher li'rltrr‘alimt.

'l'lre ('Irrmtirlr'. higher education's
weekly newspaper. reports that sortie
I40 ol' tlte currently existing 290
Army RUI'C units have I'eWci' than
l7 students enrolled in their junior
cla . a circumstance that suggests
they may have difficulty producing
enoughl: commissioned ofﬁcers to
warrant the continuation ot'tlte units
by tliej military.

I

I | c late ol' those units is not clear.
|.t. (ol. Cornelius .l. Radtt. chiel ol
the Army's Rt) I‘C hraneli. told The
t'lttjrrtt'r‘lr' that “letters at concern"
would probably be sent to all schools
"witt less than the desirable third-
yeaigetirollrtrcrit." warning them that
diet" units Itaie liilleti to triargirial
Ic\e s In ollicct' production.

I rose schools would be gricti a
year to increase their enrollments.
they could then be put on “proba-
tron" ltll' a year. alter which the
,\rn y itiiglit terminate a riiiit whose
productiiity had not llltl‘ll'tnc‘tl.

lltl\\'t.'\L‘l‘. ('olonel Radu stressed
that most ol the HI) schools Ito\\
helow tlte ritiitrrittiiii were espectetl
to quality lot cotttititiatton. pat—
tretilarly since many |ia\c sr/alrlc
trrst- atitl R()|('
enroIItitcnts that \\Ill swell the third-
ycar' classes Ill coming years. ()trly
abotrt 43 ttttttsarc so rltrtiitiislicd that
they appear almost certain to be
abolished. by said.

llic "letters at concern" will be
based on a itew |)clcttsc Department
rctrttricrrtenl. not yet promulgated.
that calls tot third-year [((ttt‘
curollriiertts to total I7 or more.

llouetci'. the another it third-
year students enrolled will not hetlic
sole criterion lot deteriiiittitig
whether a ttttrt \\Ill be continued.
( oloriel Ratlit Sltltlllllt.‘ Army would
er tisttler arr Institution's past record
It producing ollieers. its ad~
intiitstrattre support at ROIC
programs. its otttpitt ol minority-
group ollieers. and its geographical
location. atiiotig other lactoi's.
bctoretrccrdriigto eliminate a unit.
"We w ouldn't hang otir heads on one
number." he said.

Ilie Army “I” probably delay seri-
rlingotrt itswariiitig letters rtiitrl alter
it has renewed the eiitrillriicitt
statistics nest tall. at which tiriic
some ol the HI) schools may already
Irate bettered tltcrr standing.

second-year

 . mm 

the Mary lttts placed ll tiirits on
probation.

Similar piolilertrs. though on a
siiiallct settle. atc .illltctirtg ROII'
unrts operated by the other armed
scirices. Ilic .\ri lotcc. which has
lhl tlltlls In all. has prograitiiited II
or rltsestahltslinicrit. placed l2 on

by Date (.rtlletly (SASI )

llre tcegttt Supreme (‘ottrt rtilittg
miolr mg the miiing law oi the rural
st‘dsltlt‘ \illagc ol Itellc let'te and SI\
State lliii\crsity at Stony Ilrool.
sltlrlcltls may harm large reper-
cussions on where and how stttdcttls
.Ilril rttltet persons \\|llt lrt\\ ltlctillli:
.It’lttss the nation llttl) ll\c.

Iltc \ ilItigc ol Iicllc lcr't'c is
srtll.tlcrl on long Island's north
\lltllt' some slyly miles east iil \eyt
\oiH rty.rtrstashoitdrrtclrorrithc
stony ltroot L'ttltlptls. the coin-
ltlttttlt_\. birtlt around a grill course
.tird a beach on I .I, sound. is trtadc
tip or stttllt.’ 335 trirddlc arid upper Iti-
criiirc Iattttltes. Sonic years ago. the
billiige trustees passed a Ionitig or-
dinance stating. in cllcct. tltat no
more than trio unrelated persons
could resale together iii a one lamily
dwelling.

I lie pttr'posc ol the ordinance. ac-
coiding to llcllc Ictre Mayor .Ianics
l‘htlbrii. ts "to preclude a boarding
house crtrtiortirtcttt" iii the \illagc.
|ltc law was ttot etitoi'cctl tttttil [971
\\ Iieit s|\ Stony llltttth students tiio\-
cil into a H roont Iudorstyleliomc.

I'IiiIbirr sc\cral oc-
crrtauccs."o\cr a hint or ll\L‘ year
period lcd tip to the current

\liIlCS

 

COME VISIT US

ACROSS THE STREET

(FORMERLY VINNIE’S)
I238 WESTERN AVENUE
(Across the Street from Dunkin Donuts)
HAPPY HOUR 7-'tr'I
MON and TUES

probation. rind sent l3 lcttertiofcon-
cern. The Navy. with 57 units. has
sent t'ive letters of concern.

the slinky status of many units
rellects it sharp drop in ROTC
enrollments nationwide. from it
combined totrrl for all three services
ol almost l(r|.00tl in fiscal I970 to a
projected (il.000 in ﬁscal I975. .

Mr. Richard Rose. head of the
I )elerisc Department's education of-

ilice. attributed that “drastic reduc-
tion“ totlit'ee Iaclors‘.

"‘lzliriiinatiou ol' the draft. which
citded the main motivation for tiiariy
students to enter ROIC.

"‘llic "rregritire image" which

I military sct'\iee has been accorded
r on many earupuses.

"-‘A sharp drop in the rtuttibei'ol'iii-
sllllllltlllS that iiicltrdc R0 I (‘asa re-
t|tttt‘cd part ol the curriculum.

More s l'er tlllicer

llre decline lll enrollment. which
reduces the economies ol mass
prodttctiott. has d rit cit up the cost of
producing a commissioned ol'licei'.
lletweeri tiscaI years |‘)70:ind I974.
the number ol Rt) l C units produc—
ing more than 50 graduates a year
dropped li'oiit ISI to only l‘). Ihc
typical cost per commissioned ol-

sittr.itiori.“wlicie we linaIIy riotilicd
the landlord. who had been guilty irl
repeated aliases ol the ordinance."
lllt' owner ol the liotisc. hll's..ltltlllll
l)lt'hlll;llt. has sci'icd a stritiriious
.nul contacted the American (‘i\il
| rherttes I train who took the
tillage to court ltl illl ellort to |ta\e
the law spiritiriied.

\ series ol appeals by both sides
brought the matter to the attention
ol the nation's highest court which
ruled the ordinance constitutional
earlier tlits ttiotitli by a 7 to 2 one.

Justice William 0. Douglas.
writing lot the majority. describes
his coiiceptioti ol a \illage as:

"A quiet place where yards are
it ide. periplc ten. and motor \cliiclcs
resir rctcd are legitimate guidelines in
a land rise project addressed to
lamrly needs. Ihis goal is a per-
nitssahle oitc...

‘ l he police power is not conﬁned
to clrntiriatrori ol liltli. stench. arid
tritliealtliy places. It is ample to lay
otrt mites where Iaiiiily \aIticsattd
the blessings ol quiet seclusion and
clean air m:th the area a sanctuary
lor people."

Ir. dissenting .ltistice lhttrgood
Marshall:

"t l he ordinance) permits any

-l‘iccr in'tlioiie uiiits was only 58.0“).

Atthe iiame titiie. the number of
units producing. fewer than? I!
graduates per year jumped from 24
to I36. The cost per coitimissionce in
tltese units was 822.000.

It is this jump in per-ol‘l'icer costs
that has largely motivated the
Defense Department‘s currertt ’el'-
lorts‘ to eliminate marginal units. 1

Mr. Ros rid the Pentagon was
“worried” about the R011“ decline
because “we l'cel that ROTC plays a
\‘tlltltthlL‘ role on tiiost college cani—
prises and we would not like to
decrease the number ol' host iti-
stlttlliotls' drastically." He said tltc

l'entagott was equally worried

“about the viability arid costing fac-
tors."

lhc discstahlisliment ol‘aii ROTC

tirirt would hare \ai'ying impacts tilt

the parties iroolycd. Students

already enrolled are generally

pr'orrded loi‘ under a gradual pltase-'
out. but stirdeiits iri ltrttrrc years
wottltl not Iratetlteoptiotiol'RO'I'I.‘

trainingaiid worild not be eligible I'or

RUN" scholarships. llieturrrersities
iiirglit tlrtis ll‘il\C to coiiic tip \\’lllt|
scholarship ltrrids l‘oi' sortie at those,
students. hut they

A nti-G rouper Laws Seen» In Wake

number ol persons related by blood
or ttrat t‘iage. be it two or 10. to ll\L‘
m a single household. bitt rt Iiriiitsto
trio lltc ritrmher ol ttrirelated persons
bound by pt'iilcssion. lo\e.
ll'lL'lltISlllp. religious or political tll-
ltlirrtroii or mere economics who can
occupy a single liottse.

"I would, not itsls the tillage to
abati‘doit its gtlill'til pt'otiditig quiet
streets. little tr'attic and a pleasant
arid reasonably priced eittiroiiriietit
III which hriiitlies might raise
clllltll'ctl. Rather.‘| would commend
the town to continue to pursue tltosc
purposes hrit by means iil more
cai'eltilly drawn and t.‘\t:lt liattded
Iegrslation,"

Reaction to tltc decision is mixed.
lielle lct't'c Mayor I’Iiilbin. pleased
by the ruling. says: "It t'ettl'l'irriis the
right to sell—detci'iiiiiiatioii within
ctttes. towns and iillttges. It real-
ltr‘iiied the laet that where the rights
ol any one indiiidital niustalwrrys be
protected. it also allows the corti-
iiitiiiity to protect the rights ol'aIl."

I'ItiIbiri goes on to say.“'|‘hc or—
dinance does not make any moral
rudgrnetit. It is rather \cry posithc
and in\ ites people to join into a corti-
munity such as ours."

lit a recent intcr\iet\. I.ce

 

8

Don’t. wait
Opfuture
ock!

Get your shipment home fast
with REA Express.

Wherever or whatever you‘re movlng, REA Express can
handle It. We're last. and our reasonable rates lncludo plck-
up and delivery. And In case tutura shock ts strlklng now.

seldom pay their ull10verh

w ottld also .

probably save ‘ ,
niintstrritive since ROIC‘unlts
the armed servrec merinth
are expected toobtuln more of t I
0 rs through short-term Officers .
Ltrrididnte Schoolsto make. up for,
the drop in ROTC production.
Defense mttnpchr planners are
also considering thepossibility ol'es-
tnlil'tsliing new ROTC units. The
Army reports that some 87 schools
have exp
iiiiiig riiiits. ot'wliich II have formal-
ly ollet'etl to sign contracts. The
\ai‘y claims to have some l50 ex-
pressions of interest. ol'which about
40am "very current and very active."

Meanwhile. sortie institutions that
haitiied Rt) l'(' at tlte height ol'anti-
Vietnam war lccling in the late l9o0's
:iiid l‘)70's are having second
thoughts.

|Io\t'c\ er. universities that banned
tlte military won‘t necessarin be able
to woo tltcin back. There is a
waiting-list ol' institutions Weeking
to establish rrriits. and some military
ollieials may 'htirbor resentment
against those that previously rc-
_reeted them.

Of Ruling

Koppeltnzttt. li\ceuti\e Director ol'
the \assati-Sultolk Regional Plan-
rung lloard. noted the current trend
ol students liirrtgtogcther iii groups
was only a result of the “oiei'whelnt-

'IIIL.‘ shortage of available Itousiiigl'or

young people.“ the rcsrrlt ol‘ this
treitd is the growth ol illegal oc-
eupaiicies iii Iinis‘licd basements and
tttllcs’: '

:\ ctlSC-slllllltll to the lielle IL‘I'I'C
rttlrrig occtrrcd last year in Albany
when the city attempted to eril’oi'cc a
similar ordinance on sortie students
and working single persons. At that
tune. a l‘CtIL‘I'ZIl District Court judge
itiled the city |in unconstitutional.
lltc city did riotgippcal the decision.
martin because at political cori-
siderations iii a highly cltarged
titay‘or'al election.

Saridlortl Rosenhlurii. attortiey
lor’ SUSY Albany‘s Student
Association. was one ol' the lawyers
ttt\oh ed iii the earlier dicision.

RoserihItiiii.,ieacted \titlt disheliel'
when irilorrited ot the Supreme
(‘ou rt ruling. cotiiriientuig. the deci-
sttrll will "allect tlic Iiycs ol' tetisattd
hundreds ol' thousands ol people
across the country."

llee\plains.“Rcritsar'cah'cadytoo
lirin tn tltcarcas surrounding college
caiiiptrses. this rating may have a
‘lioonierang cllect‘oti rents." in el'l'cct
driirng them much higher.



|Iiese comments do not take into
account that iti litany ct ’ ' ate Uti-
ticrsrty tiiiits do not hate enough
space to house students who riiight
be loreed to more back oti campus.
SUSY Albany lor example. was
loreed to temporarily house some
students in lounges last tall. The
Stony lirook campus. otice the site
ol sortie closed dormitory buildings
has experienced some or ercrowding
and' may lace some tripling of
students iti dorms this trill. Similar

situations exist rtt other colleges.

()nc Stony Brook. strident. still liv-
ing in Ilellc Iert‘e. cortinienting on
the decision which miqu l'orce him
and other persons living with hint to
move. sums up a prevalent mood
among students. saying. "If that's the
law...well tltcri. the law is absurd.
People will continue to do it. they‘ll
just do it undercover."

asﬁhﬁéﬂﬁihl‘mi

Large Mug -   glve REA Alt Express a ring tor let-last dellvery almost any-
where In the country. prepald or collect. Or. It you're shlp-

LO rge Pitcher '   plng out ot the country. we can handle that too with our
_ Internatlonal alr servlce, REA ExpressCo.
Lcrrge Pizza - SI .00 off

I Rollins Buying Service Wallet Cards

FOR MORE INFO,
SEE ANDY BAUMAN (SASU COORDINATOR) 457-6542

FUNDED BY STUDENT ASSOCIATION CC 346

For any at Our services. call the number below or
look up REA Express tn the yellow or whlte pages
at your telephone directory. But do It today and
avoid Iuture shock tomorrow.

(518) 463-4131

Serving Lunches Daily
Kitchen open ’tII 2 am
PIZZA TO GO

but our system

 

 

 

 

 

 rrz'l.9.7«4.r,.,. We... may ultra-uranium:itéh‘ﬁélihhtﬁillhlgg’lii HEB:-ii§ltitililtiliiilritiiilliétillllttliilllililliltt

 

