
Lil
~ 1
iii
 3

. s. r_,._.,,..y.,...,,...w-.._ ~..w.,~.».-.v

 

:tww-quan.‘ w. .  .

. ,v _.,... A,.-..~._.,,.t4...,..m..

lack of concern for the

’nt issues: He has follow- ‘ '

'ﬁll them with his own. Rockefeller3‘for all his
op ac p his progr’amsand-decisions. ' 4

in: clearly than. forNew York. A NewYork.‘

_ strengthen the voice of all cities at the state‘s capitol.

the cities in a way that the Republican administrations,

. rural oriented legislatures were indifferent. He has been

gra Itgl ‘consis It most of his stands. A Catholic with twelve children, he did

_ not'alter his-views of the subject of abortion as he campaigned around the state..At a
' S’ASU press conference. before a crowd obviously wanting'to hear that the candidate

fevored Abortion.‘Ca‘rey admitted his disapproval of the law but vowed-to uphold it.
emphasising preventive education as a rational alternative. ‘ . 7

He has campaigned for more autonomy for local goVernments. and stood by that
commitment despite pleadings by Albany area students that the state intervene on their
behalf the current housing problem. He has promised to dismantle the enormous
Capitol bureaucracy that has stifled all innovation in legislation and brought stagna.
tion to the executive branch. Hehas promised to tackle the enormous problem of

“businesses ﬂeeing from the amend the resulting loss of tax revenue, and the in- v
‘ creasing tax burden on themiddle class working citizen. Ctirey. with the cooperation of

the probably Democratic majority in the Legislature. may ﬁnally effect the much need-
ed changes. ' ‘ - - s ,

Along with Carey, we support his running mate, MaryiAnne Krupsak. Kmpsak.
despite her politically controversial and sometimes questionable stands, is a far

superior candidate to her opponent. Ralph Caso. Casio's plea is to the past, while Krup- V

sak represents the' future. In a dramatic change from the anonymous lieutenant gover-
nor reign of Wilson. Krupsak will undoubtedly be prominent in the public eye. and will
be a valuable asset to Carey. I " ' _; ‘ I '

The race for State Comptroller hasn't been a race at all. The two candidates have
spent their time complimenting each other on being such ﬁne gentlemen without dis-
cussingany of th; issues. Stephen May is an untested commodityin state-widepolitics.
but he has donelpothingto‘pr‘eseht‘himself asa viable candidate. Arthur Levitt again

,deaervu re-eletai‘on.

The races foi“ U.S. senator and Attorney General are more difﬁcult todecide, and
the winnerprobablyyon‘t be declared until the very last votes are counted on

‘ November 6. Senator Jacob Javits has been a three term senator. and has positions of

enormous inﬂuence‘on many of the Senate's most-prestigious committees such as the
Foreign Relations Committee and the Labor and Public Welfare Committee. His
record in Congress is formidable and impressive, and he has been termed one of the
Senate‘s “giants.” Yet he has toed the Republican Party line through Someof its most
embarrassingmomentsdncluding the disclosure of former President Nixon‘scomplici-
ty in the Watergate cover-up. 'He has worked within the structure of the Senate without
working for the interestsof New York. until the pressure forced him into the expedient.

Ramsey Clark can never be accused of toeing the line. He is recognized as one of the
nation's leading mavericks and will do wonders for the stodginess that has enveloped

‘ the Senate. Clark represents-the unusual. the innovative; and the imaginative. His

liberal views resemble those of his opponent but he has the strength of conviction

_which Javits lacks. a strength which 'I crucial if reform legislation is ever to be pushed

through Congress.
Robert Abrams has all the vision and determination that made Louis Lelkowitz one
of the ables! attorneys-general in New York history. However. he also has the youth

' that will be crucial if he is to follow through on the crack-down agaimt cartel practices

by the giant corporations. Abrams is the man to carry the standard. of consumerism

 

and fair business practices for today and the'future.
%
EDI!0IINC|IIII.... . . . . . . . .....   . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . ..DAVIDLEItNIl|t
MANAGING wtrol  . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . ..NANCV S.Mn.uttt
lusmautsumttu . . . . . . . .  .  . . . . . . . . . . ..LesZuckssmN
menstrual”... . . . . . . 
\Asaocssrsnswsntroa....... .
rsas'rsﬂms sotroa .. ,. . . . . . .. . v . . DANIEL Gutter
‘ Araratus'a mane-rm: apsroa. I .I‘IAIIIARA Ftscnxm
. Paratcx MCGMNN
Anocunucttutcat. lDll’ﬂIl.. ..  “DONALD Netsctx. WI_|.I.IAM J. Srscn
Ennoatxt.rsossurroa...,.......v. . . . . .  . . . . . . .  .1
Assumrua............  . . .. . . ..
Assocrnuasssotsua  
Swanson". . . . . . . . . . . .   BaucaanarN'
Amurawa’rsmrol'.........,.......  . . . . .....KsNNe‘mAaotuNo
onsarstnmtsiausun...............’...... . . . .  . . . . .......-LINDAMULB'
szusssovssnunoususola....'...........................LmosDamon».
ctxurrtwaovsarmmusm“...................,........JoANNISJnmrwi
haunts-sures 5..n-...'..'......,.....2.......nu-.n..~--.-.’WlnnvAmw
Srsrrrssotouauttlas......,......_..................p..laNAuaoN.RoaMAcmtaN

bi a osrtca'r xas socxrso m Camus Charla 326 we 336. One rsuastouss xas 451-2l90 our
til-2|“. We All IAI‘IMLLY muons Iv molar moclsrtott. '

 

 

 

‘ bit premature.

 

 

 

Mexican Oil and Us

There has been a recent new discovery of
vast oil reserves perhaps totalling ninteen
billion barrels in SouthernM‘exico. This could
be the break the Westemworld has been
awaiting since its oil woes ruched the crisis
stage last year. the situation. however. has two
main differing facets. These can be sum-
marized as follows: ’

l. The most beneﬁcial action that could be
taken. from our point of view. would be for
PE MEX. Mexico‘gstate-run oil monopoly. to
undercut the current price structure erected by
the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
Countries. those twelve nations that have un-
dermined the solidity of many industrial
economies. '

2. Mexican ofﬁcials have proclaimed that
some- special allowances will be made to
developing nations. but Mexico will play no
part in the undermining of the oil exporters‘
position.

No Direct Help

I in other words. we can expect little or no
direct help from our neighbors to the South
Thlldl understandable if we realize that the
Mexican government‘s leaders can ﬁnally see
the light at the end of the tunnel in regard to
the country's development problems. Dollar

signs are dancing in front of their eyes. v

Revenue will ﬂow into the Mex' '
coffers as it never has before. ﬂighuivlill
most probably leap forward in well'being. and
no one can properly criticize the Mexican
leaders for striving to maximize their revenue
lThhey would be foolish not to. for lowering
agrees would not be in the best interests of
What then. can we hope‘togain fronttlse en-
trance of another exporter into the market
On the surface.the answer would appear to be
very little. However. that assumption may bea'

First, there is a difference betwnn Mexico

' sad the Arab states its that Maxlco is basically

'- by Steve laborslia Wm:

friendly to us while Arab friendship toward us
is at best forced. This should be an important
Consideration for the future. For if the Arabs
attempt to squeeze more revenue out of the in-
dustrial nations by raising prices even higher.
there is always the possiblility that Mexico
could be convinced that it is in their best in-
terests to hold the line at what would he the
current'price.
Too Much Revenue

Also important to remember is the fact that
the Arabs have too much revenue to spend at
the present time. They simply cannot invest
their money as quickly as it ﬂows in. Mexico
has not as yet realized a huge influx of dollars.

‘ mares. francs. pounds. and yen. as the OPEC

nations have. To catch up. Mexico would
probably wish to tool up for productmn “5
quickly as possible. We should step In and

, gladly assistthem. Forif Mexico is sul'ﬁcicntl)

prepared to inject large quantities of oil into
the market. it may become a viable insuril“cc
policy against any Arab production sllul-
downs designet‘ to dry up reserves and force
prices upward. Mexico would simply ""1 h“ "‘
the same position as the Arab states. It WW“
not be in her best interests to curtail produc-.
tion. for that would reduce hcr intake 0'
revenue. Mexico cannot afford that usol ycl
Given Mexico's stated policy then. we can-
not reasonably expect them to sell their oilﬂl ﬂ
.price lower than that on the current market
What we can hope for is that they receive the
heavy equipment necessary for the develop-
ment of their new industry and ttgrec to hold
the line on prices if future developnwnli
become ridiculous. If President Ford can con-
vince President Echeverra thttt Mexico's betl
interests involve helping ussurviVe the PWSF‘“
revenue-ﬂow crisis. then Mexico can be u vttul
economically or can in the future. If he ain't
then the new producer will merely be u 0‘”
conspirator int he blackmail. and Wm” 'l'e
downfall. of the Western ir'tdustrlal
economies.

.L-‘rvt I st Itllt

 

