  
   
 
   
 
  

  

 
  
  
  

    

     
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l

. *‘k—Oe-l‘wv-«w

 

 

 

 

  

 

  
  

   
 
 
 

 
    

  

I  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 V g ,.: ., ,
_ _ A .A g A A A... A . e
 “0’   "05 Q at!) Q  “E EAL.“ 58
.s—agsianrw  sgeséggggggmgégags @‘éaéngﬁB’E‘Q-Eg
..—-asen' o Stat-43:1. ‘ .vvﬂtm . q) ~Agm‘zg: ...v .34"!
_ aﬂwssvaeuwzi ~c5$5$ awww“: 508°
nggp. u, Dog Eo§g~ V38’>>.3>r33,c18v0~cg
_ rungs é'gnj—E ﬂammgggg :1 rs ugoonz...
. w . - a) g o o N
Details',orniited:' _ .agﬁﬁﬁtagé‘éédggg§§-§§§§§§.§cﬁ§gs33£
‘ ., V > V V 3 _ > M ‘ 13 g H _._. p: x 3 U) i: Ad
.  . ,JIc‘Uo'ﬂb'UE c in mm" ~°‘” C:ol’...‘”"3 3““:
,_ _.. , ..- 3<mwQGME ﬂedz£déddﬂdiidedzﬁﬁﬁzﬁd
WK lpproprlation
September 5. 1974 '
introduced by: low Fidier
(at PIRG at SUNYA's request) d
it is hereby proposed that the followingibe passe .
enacted: T‘s—1 ‘ ' . ' E O O U * * * * E E' . *
I. that the following be the PIRG at SUNYA
budget for 1974-75:
Total Appropriation $7 22729 '
r ‘- a", "nub-IL
Curbing Corruption
September 11, 1974
Introduced by: In: Bimbaum
it is hereby proposed that the following be
enacted: .
i. that Central Council lorrn an ad hoc
commilbe on Special Privileges. h n b passed
II. at the charge of thlscommittees a eto
investigatewhatspecialpnvilegesareavailabie 8—5—0 . E 1‘  _’ f . . . * ‘ ’ * E b h o 
to Student Association leaders, elected and
appointed, including the heads of Student
Association recognized groups. The committee
shall prepare a set of guidelines as to what
privileges should or should not be permitted.
Canceroue Buses
Septembe‘r'lL 1974‘ ,
introduced by: Stu Simon
It is hereby proposed that the following be
enacted: I ‘
i. that Central Council requests lack Olsen. arsed
supervisoroitheMotorPool.toinstituteapolicy 303 l n
of no smoking on all SUNYA busses, and to w  .l ‘ * E E . . E I * d E I t . *
place signs to that effect on all busses and to
instruct all busdrivers oi this no smoking policy.
ii. that this porposal shall also be brought to the
at ' 'v ’
Appropriation To Women's Liberation
October 30, 1974
Introduced by: Pat Curran
it is hereby proposed that the lollowing be
enacted:
I. that Women's Liberation Group beqranted an
appropriation from lhe Emergency Spending
Lanai  the amount of $300.00. broken down in *
t e o owmq manner: “ t i * O * ‘
Publicuy $50.00 I. I. * '* *' . . I. . I. S * A I ‘ l'l' " 0
Films 450.00
TOTAL $500.00
income 200.00
'I‘gtglA mart-agon $30000
ea sences
October 30, 1974
Introduced by: Ira Blmbaum

it is hereby proposed that the following be
enacted:

i. that the Special Rules at Central Council be
amended to add a new section C. stating:
Each member who is present for either the first
orilie last rollcall butwliolails tocast votes on at
least one hallthe bills acted on shall be counted

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

10 72 4 ﬂbjected to consideration

 

22.25%" “ﬂatnesscsessuwe
In Support of the United Farmworkers’
October 30, 1974

Introduced by: PatCurran, lra Bimbaum. Candi
Mayer, Mike Sakoii

it is hereby proposed that the following be
enacted:

I. that Central Councrl endorses and adopts the
attached resolution supporting the United
inrmworkers' boycott.

ii. that copies of this bill and the forthcoming
letter be sent to Lewis Golub. owner at Price
Chopper supermarkets, and to area news

pt] sucd

1(iii'/.*.* I...ﬁ-.'n~g. .- .n.n*.*o 4‘0...

 

t a
en's Gymnastic Club

October 30. 1974

Introduch by: Athletic AdVIsory Board

it in hereby proposed that the following be

enacted:

I. that :1 Men's Gymnastics club lJU added to the

ﬁihlloiic’lidlw'rliory Board umbrella of sports.

. [till lie 0 owuiq be the Men's G n t .

Club budget: ym d8 ‘69

'TOTAL Budget $1543.55

 

p. i used

“”“'°"’ "*'o»o’tl0 ’t '*'l**lo "l.°ro

 

 

.SLSalariesﬁuppiemental Appropriation
November 6, 1974

Introduced by: Finance Committee

It is hereby proposed that the toilowtnq be
enacted:

i. that a supplemental appropriation of $400 be

passed
I

li~ti~ti°t'* Inserts-ti- . .»g***** .c...’

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

added to line 12. for the ACI' coordinators

The 9 could mean that the member was
,absent lor the entire meeting or iustlor the
bill listed. Central Council meets

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wednesdays in CC375. and is responsible "PG items" 56 such can be iUdged-

tor the distribution of more than one-half
million dollars in student tax. SA President

Pat Curran and Veep Ira Birnbaum are
non-voting members. -
Since the selection is so small. no voting

No mark at all means the representative
was not a member of council at that time.

 

 

PAGE 8?

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS NOVEMBER 19, 1974

i .

11!; ASP was asked republish the/allowing:

Rcccntly the Albany Student Press uvcrty
criticiricd Dr. Raymond Forer, Chairman of
the Sociology Department. lbclicvc that the
ASP did both Dr. Forcr, and the student body
‘9} well. I dimrvioc by publishing this article.
"The article was a clear attempt to rally public
sentiment against Dr. Forcr. Many statements
were inﬂammatory and the article was ‘in
violation of a basic axiom of good
journalism—be objective. If the authors had
bothered to probe further, they would have
found that many academicians and other
professionals regard Dr. Forer's
accomplishments more favorably.

i find your characterization of Dr. Peter as
a‘ "mediocre sociologist” (quoted source
undisclosed. naturally) most objectionable.
As these words spin off my typewriter, i feel a
deep sense of disappointment; I am

’ disappointed that some individuals would

evaluate a man's life-timeuccomplishmcnts by
counting the number of publications he hits.
Dr. Forcr hits two principal concerns toward
which hc has directed himself over the past
years: (1) making his department visible in the
community and (2) building it strong dcpt.
Dr. Forcr is a medical sociologist. He is
turrcntiy nffilintcd with an Albany Medical
Center Program researching the sociological
uspccts of breast cainccr. i-li: does not work
alone but rtithcr lic recruits gruduzitc students
and undergraduates to work with him on an
apprentice basis. Students are exposed to
sociological rcsciirch til the griiss roots level.
Unfortunately. ASI’ did not bother to ask the
Physicians rind Researchers iifliliiitcd witli
Albany MCdiCtii Center for their appraisals of
Dr. Forcr‘s scholarly contributions. Many
gruduiitc student “iipprcnticcs” were similarly
ignored. i could continue iridcfinstcly
cnumcrut ing the projects hi: this directed tllld

ntr'rient: L l"

5 ep _ ‘ _ g . . . .,
def-med by‘tti‘c ASP. He in fine scholar _in ‘

 
 

  

cvcry renuof thcwont. l. _ _ 

But the principnl objection to Dr. Forcr’r'
renewal in Chaimn.uindicntcd in the ASP.
seems to center aroiind his unpOputnrity with
his colleagues. [other than revealing that Dr.
Forer is an ineffective Chairman, i believe that
his “unpopularity” with some factions may
indicate that he in an effective agent of social
change. Speciﬁcally. he may very wall be
accomplishing his second objective. The
argument is as follows. It is not difﬁcult for a
Chuirmsnto be popular. Consider the number
of reinforcements that he has to distribute: he
can distribute graduate assistants. he
schedules teaching assignments and hours, he
determines the number of courses a teacher
must teach. he decided who occupies which
ofﬁce. A Chairman can distribute these so as
to insure tranquility or he can reward
productivity. in a department where some
members are non-productive the latter
strategy can be dcvisive and unpopular. i
believe that Dr. Forer has chosen to confront
public sentiment for the good of his
department. if he is unpopular with some
members of his department. it may be because
he has forced them to teach at ungodly hours,
or to teach courses they do not want to touch.
or to occupy less prestigious offices.
Nziturnlly. if they tire unhappy. they can quit
(or become productive).

[offer this upprtiisal to you for publication.
My opinions are independent of my
professional affiliation and lcmphasize that I
do not pretend to know till the complexities
surrounding Dr. Forcr‘s tenure as Chairman. i
do believe that you were unduly harsh in your
treatment of this man and i believe that you
hiivc underestimated his effectiveness as a
scholar tlfld administrator. I urgcthc authors
of the ASP to be more careful and less
rhetorical in futurc publications.
Psychologists determined years ago that one-
sidcd communications are most effective in

intelligence insulted.

 

 

  A

 

Throughout the year. culminating with the
issue of November l2, 1 hove found my
my sensibilities .
disgusted. and my community pride in
SUNYA embarrassed by the 'ASPs total
disregard of‘mcrc basic journalistic principles
and the lack of common councch afforded
those you attack. Was the editor out to lunch
when the witchhunting article on Sociology
department chairperson Raymond Forcr was
placed at the top of page one? Or is the editor
forging it new journalistic approach thIt
combines a writer'spersonalcommentnry with
a factual story without even telling the readers
about it?

To ﬁnd an example of this confusing
combination. I need go no further than the
fourth paragraph of the article. where it states
that the dcpanmcnt “suffers from more than
the usual squabbling, personality conﬂicts.
and internal politicking thrit are inherent in
academia." This bit of information was
presented us a fact within the body of the
story. Unsubstuntiatcd nnd unattributed, it is
gathered to bc :i vniucjudgcmcnt on the part
of reporter Bob Mtiycr. in case the editor did I
not know, printing it reporter‘s vslue
judgements in the body of it supposed factual
story runs contrary to the most basic of all
principles of responsible reporting.

Further. how can you attack and
downgrade it fellow human being without
cven risking him to rcspond to your very
damaging accusations. By doing this: you
proved yourself even more ruthless and
heartless than you accused him of being.

It is sad that editor David Lerner is taking
the dedicated efforts of his hardworking staff
rind turning them into a mockery of good
journalism. 1 say that if the burden of ti

. ,. . the size ofthe ASPis too much for

 

care for it yourself between salon
visits.

condition of your hair with a
professional treatment wlth one

products for you to use at home
between salon visits.

Discover wash and wear hair for

 

 

The secret of manageable wash and
wear hair is a good cut and hair that
is in good condition. We’ll help the

of Redken's acid—balanced, protein
polypeptide enriched conditioners.
Then we’ll recommend the Redken

yourself. Make an appointment for
a natural looking blow-style today.

T Wash and wear hair.
And how to get it.

Today’s new blow-dry hairstyles are
both attractive and surprisingly easy
to care for. Let us give you one, and
we’ll be happy to show you how to

 

isnmsmem Mon. -
Sat. 8 am - .5 pm

Special on Jacobie’s Part-N-Angle Stlyle Cut and

Blow-Dry held over! reg. price $15. special 518.

Fri. 7 am - 9 pm “In

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

the present size of the editorial staff then it
should be cut down to a point that allow for
the quality expected by the students of this
university.

In closing, i will simply ask the editors to
publicly apologize to Dr. Forcr for their
mistrich in judgement and then proceed to
scck the other side ofthis story. lwouid find it
hard to believe that Dr. Forcr agrees with all
that you've written. But then, how rirc we
supposed to know'!

Andrcw Baumtin

Matter of Protection

To the Editor:

Since the beginning of this semester
vandalism to cars parked around Alumni
Qutid has been :i constant throat. I

After going through the hassle.
inconvenience. and expense oncc to replace
my insurance identification card and more
recently to hich it car window rcpluccd. i
thought it about time something was done.

My immediate reaction was to blitmc
University Security for Ittck of protection.
After talking with them i discovered the
problem is more complex than i thought.

Most reports rind complaints that campus
sccurityrcccivcs iircfrom the Uptown cnmpus.
Downtown campus is pliirtlilcd pcrindicrilly.
This is because the number nfczills is relatively
few itl'id the only area security has legal
jurisdiction over is within the Quad itscifmot
the surrounding streets. The Albiiny Police
Dcpiirtmcnl this jurisdiction over Partridge.
Suite, Ontario, rind Western. Also the number
of security pcupic iivtiilsblc is limited rind
cinnot logistically patrol Alumni Quad like
the others.

Director of University Police. Mr. James
Williams. said that if his office received it
substantial incrctisc of rcpo rtcd incidents from
Alumni Quad then chtingcd in the form of
protection would have to be considered. tic
also suid that he would speak to the Albany
Police Division lilltl has jurisdiction over
Alumni to see about their increasing patrol.

i am writing this mainly to let my fellow
residents of Alumni Quiid know that we aren't

 

going to get any better protection or feel any

_. department's Fryer-om. ...

«renew '

gluon-i; can has hisstccmcdcrlty if “or

tobcdonc'monthsnoncc,butltmightblwcll  _
Worth the inconveniench We can’t expect, 3 V

better protection if we don't let those whole .
job it trio pmtcctur know how much winced.

Noreen Judge 

Rights Denied

To the Editor:

1 would like to use this space with the ltopc
that the grad student working on the
registration lines will read it. This may be a
futile attempt. however, for it is clear he has
not even bothered to read the registration
booklet.

Being a Si-Z Junior and scheduled to
register on Nov. 13 between 9:00 and l2230. l
entered the Colonial U-l.ounge at l2:00 (note
that l was not late) with the expectation that
my allotted time was still in effect. What i
found instead was a long line of Pr-Sc
Sophomores entering the infamous “card
room.“ with some of my fellow Si-Z Juniors
mixed in. Regarding thisss an infringement of
my rights tattcmpted to point this out to the
person to whom this letter is directed. (No. l
was not ﬁghting for basic human rights. Ijust
didn't want to wait on n line that should not
have existed.)

His reply was simple. 1 was informed that
everyone in line was a human being and [was
not privileged over them. -‘"'

Sir. you arcwrong! lam nots‘human being.
i am at number. (My apologies to “The
Prisoner“). lam l30-46-2888. For two years.
day and night. this university has drummed
that frict into my head so 'l'orc'ibty that loan
no longcr argue. i do not want to hear your
Height-Ashbury philosophy pertaining to the
rights of till. when you use them to deny me on
mine.

l‘il admit that my language may have been
abusive; i felt it was needed to get your
attention. After all. to speak to ll person you
must put yourself on their level.

Mitchell Tunkcr

Hypocritical Garbage

To the Editor:

it is time for it little straight talk on the issue
of segregated parking. The opeh parking that
we had for a few months did not in any sense

represent equality. During the week resident _

students were able to permanently occupy all
the nearest spaces simply because they were
here rind. unlike commuters. did not have to
vuciitc iit the end of the day. Thercforc com~
muting faculty. Stufftind students could never
get the nearest spaces. no matter how early in
the tiny they arrived. This was predictable and
incvittiblc. and the resident students could
hardly be expected to do otherwise.

The result is highly discriminatory: its so
often. discrimination is hidden behind a
facade of cgtiliturinnism. if there are those
who would tirguc that rcsidcnt students should
indeed be given it special privilege beyond
ivhrit is given to faculty. staff ilfid commuting
students (its one student did assert in a recent
letter to tire ASP ) let it be argued on that
busts. But please—let us cut this hypocritical
gurbiigc about “equality.”

John C. Overbcck
Associate Professor

Question of Worth

To the Editor:

After being irritated by the Greeks self-
r'ightcous dcctnrntion for non-questioning
iicccptrincc in your November 1 issue. i
rediscovered a quote by Charles E. Chapman
which i hope the Greeks will consider.

“T he right to question the values or goals of
n socitil institution should not bercgardeduss
threat to the institution. for tiny institution
worth perpetuating is worth questioning."

Thomas Lahut

 

NOVEMBER 19, 1974

,ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE SEVEN

hm weiﬂvxwﬁgi

  

 



4;," -

 
    

     

