 

   

 

 
  
  
  

 UK I V a I.
.stutemeittt in the mail indt‘
’ li' ' ' ' “d

 induction In thenumber ot' reg ttlt‘tt-" :
ilon stops. ii that the October l7th

 
 

currents of account 7 failed to
creatiate between those students

' w it balances dueyfr'om previous

 

cue ' semesters amt those, with balances

 
  
      

stopwrruld be put on their registra-
tion.

However. according to Robert
Slierer. Assistant Vice President for

Management and Planning. “the 0f- -
free of Student Accounts. withvthe
_ assistance of the computing center

programmers and the Registrar. has
revised the program to reduce the
rtumber of stops on active records
for Spring I975 registration from
4.7." to 438. as of last week.”

the main reason for this drastic

 
  

Rabbi Israel Rubin

d
paid byOetober Illst (thedeadline
w sIntermovedto'Notiember-ltb).a .

—a Lubavitch Hassidic Rabbi will
lead Sabbath Service—Friday night Nov. 8
at 7:15 and Saturday morning Nov. 9 at
9:30 in Chapel House.
He will talk on Hassidtsm

du‘efor this semester" only.‘ Stierer

- explained. Had this differentiation
beenlmade. only students with

balances due from previous
semesters (438. altogether) would

have received registration-atop war-a.

nings. ,

However. these warnipgs were
erroneously given to the intimacy
students as well. even though they‘
owed money only for this semester‘s
tuition.

Stierer extended his apologies for
the inconveniences 'aiid inis-
understandings this snafu may have
mused. He asked for student help
and cooperation iii rccitfying the

 
 
        
    
    
    
     
   
   
     
     
 

funded by sludem association

7:30 & 9:30
$.50 with tax card
$1.25 without

mittter.,;ttddlng the reminder that
'lllttht‘ with'defermenis should still

clear them up by‘ the end of the ~

Pill our
Troubles 

(ZNS) Apanel of leading British
psychologists is predicting that
within the next half-century or so.
people will be able to erase any un-
pleasant memories they bave simply
by taking a pill.

This is one of more than 40 un-
usual predictions about the future
made by a Sit-member panel of ex-
perts assembled by Doctor Mike
Smith ofthe University ol'Wales ln-
stitutc of Science and Technology at
Cardiff.

the study. known as The Delphi
Poll on the future of psychology.
also predicted that humans will be
able to self-stimulate the pleasure
cenlcrof the brain to greatly enhance
their enjoyment of life.

A majority of the psychologists
polled also predicted that within the

next century. schools and textbooks-

will become a thing of the past: they
say that “Memory Tapes“ will be
available to transfer millions of ideas
and facts to thehumun brain injusta
few minutes time.

  

LC 18

 

 

 

Clair“ (In W 0rd!

PAGE TWO

 

l
RICHARD BENlAlllll- ours CW ' MMES COBURN no
JOAN WW' MS MASON "Wt IkSlWlt ' RAOUEL WELCll /

7:30 & 9:30
350 with

tax card

$1.25

without 1,

LC 18

 

 

funded by student association

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   
 
 

   
  
  
 
  

3'» T

 
 
 
  
  
   
    
 

  

LA PAZ. Bollvle (AP) Soldiers and civilians revolted today against the
three-year-old dictatorial regime of President l-lugo Banzer' and were
reported to have taken over the City Hall and police station in Santa Cruz,
330 miles east of La l’tll. ‘

Banrzer’s government claimed. however. that only part of a ranger l'cgtmcm
in Santa C I'tl7. had rebelled: 'l‘here were unconfirmed reports that the govern-
ment dispatched air force planes to Santa 'Cruz.

It was itot known if there was any shooting.

the joint military command in La l’ltl. announced that the revolt was be.
ing led by Generals Julio Prado Montana and Orlando Alvarez and lorrtier
Minister of Public Health Carlos Valverde Barberr.

First word of the revolt came from a clandestine radio station. Voice of
Liberty. A short while later. broadcasts indicated the rebels had taken cori-
trol ol Radio Moritcro 35 miles north of Santa Cruz.

Radio I’annmerican. which also spread the word of the uprising. said it was
staged by elements of the leftist Nationalist Revolutionary Movement and
the Socialist Frilange. a rightist group.

WASHINGTON (AP) Democratic party Chairman Robert Strauss said
today that the landslide Democratic election victories'ljuesday gave his party
it mandate to lead the attack on the nation‘s economic woes.

Strauss also told a breakfast group at the National Press Club that it his
party fails to produce "we'll hear from the people in a couple of years“ in the
next election.

“l'vcbecn talking to tire Democratic leadership on the Capitol Hill rind
they're ready." Strauss said. "They know they‘ve got to move.“

Strauss said he expected congressional Democrats to come up with a
package ol tour or live economic bills which they will try to pass early in the
next session. including measures on tax revision. health care. housing and
public scrviccjobs. V

“ l he people themselves don‘t knowjust exactly what they want in the way
ol an economic program." Strauss said. *But they do want leadership and
they haven‘t been getting it.“

“‘ASIIINU'I'ON (AP) Women made significant gains from Congress to
the courthouse iit elections 'l‘uesduy that also forecast favorable fallout for
ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment.

hive new congresswomcn were elected and a sixth was holding a slim lead
in a still undecided Nebraska nice.

I he 94th Congress thus will have at least 17 women. a gain ofonc over the
93rd. Fourteen are Democrats. three Republicans.

lhe Senate still remains an all-male bastion. Three major party women
Senate candidates who tried to break in. lost «Democrats Barbara Mikulsi
iii Maryland and Betty Robertsin 0regon.and Republican (iwenyford Bush
in South (.‘arolina. '

Veteran Democratic politician Lilla Urasso captured the highest strrtc
otlrce governor of Connecticut. And in New York. state Senator Mary
Anne Krupsak. who defied party leaders to run for lieutenant governor.
swept to victory on the gubernatorial ticket with Democrat llugh Carey.

Longtime Judge Susie Sharp became the first woman ever elected clirel
justice ol a state supreme court in Nonlr Carolina. And Alabama clected its
lrrst Woman Supreme Court justice. Junie Shores of Birmingham.

LONG BEACH. (falif. (Al’) Former President Richard M. Nixon's slight
pneumonia in his partially collapsed right lung is clearing up rind his over-all
condition continues to improve. his doctor said today.

X-rays showed that the pneumonitis in Nixon‘s right lung is "responding
well to antibiotic therapy and resolving." Dr. John C. Lungrcn said in his
written daily report on Nixon.

Lurigrcn added that the amount of fluid in Nixon's left lung continued to
decrease. Both lung problems are believed after-effects ol pltlcbitis surgery
Nixon underwent last week.

Ni\on's vital signs remain stable. Lungrcn said. and “we're gradually in—
creasing his activity."

Lungreir said they have stopped usingiinclectrocardiograph that had been
nionrloring Nixon‘s heart in bed and as he walked in his hospital roorri.

Nl-M \OBK (AP) A two-year city investigation has uncovered "decri-
rootcd and Widespread“ corruption in the construction industry ltL'l'L'. ni-
iolving millions ol dollars. city ol‘licials say.

Mayor Abrahnrn D. lleamc said Thursday at least I70 city employees and
(Li cxccutries and cmployccs of2ti construction companies were involved It!
the bribe-taking scheme. involving tlic award of permits and other art»
rnrnistrrrtivc procedures.

"I'm otitragcd. shocked rind duiitn angry." Bennie said. as he released ii I l-
pngc preliminary report of the probe by city Investigation Commissioner
Nicholas Scoppcttn. With the knowledge of Buildings Cutltlllmmlll‘l
.lercmtiih \Valsh.

Scoppcttu said indictments would be sought when the probe iscorrrplcicil

lziidcncc ol crmiilntl conduct has hcen gathered against 95 employees ol
“W """dllltlh Department. including nine executives. arid evidence ol mo
conduct against 75 others in the agency.

So wrdcsprcnd was the corrtiption. Scoppctla sitid. that it not only on
“"‘V‘l hlllldlng Hispcctoi's and supervisory personnel. but reached down to
clerks. secretaries and typists.

Itcamc said that the corrupt system may have existed for decades. and
pledged to bring it "to it screeching halt."

Nil“ “)th (AP) Clear skies are on tap for New York State on l-irtlm
and Saturday. the clear skies will mean cool nights.

NOVEMBER 8, 1974

 

 

bleelr rrrtt'ey‘

. Determined to uncover the betting
mystique. l boarded one ofthe three
greensv NY bu'ses‘with anticipation
of some sort of journalistic fulﬁll-
ment later that night. Well. [got it:
racctrucks don‘t lie to anyone.

The talk on the way was centered
on the upcoming horseruces at
Saratogit: especially the student
driver race. The mood on the mean
green I rode on was gaily optimistic.
despite the incredible din ofa million
belts rattling away to the steady 55
mph pace. and the acrid rtibbery
tatrg of the overworked heating
system.

the arrival was something less
than ceremonious as our bus
proceeded to enter the wrong park-
ittg lot. I lied riverwhipped itaround
and put its in the right place:
although one of the other buses real-
ly got oirt of hand and wotrnd up
driving through the stable area.
probably titillating some of the
attendant trotters.

l joined the listless milling crowd
that watched the from hand Skye
(supplied by the Saratoga 'l'rack
people) squawk and dance irt front
ol the two dollar win arid place
booths.

_ Thegutirdsaiid cash iersall looked
' a little strained well before the first
nice started. I began to wonder if
’ anything really strange ever happen-
ed to these guys. They wouldn't tell
me. ..rill I got was a continual
repetition of my question:
"Anything really weird?“ “No. not
really.“ Then each one proceeded to
tell me about some really mundane
thing tltai they thought might be
straitgc enough to satisfy me. Several
times I had to fight to stay awake.
rather than let them talk me into a
deep sleep with my tape recorder still
running.
There were others present who
appeared to be in some far off land:
these were the hard-core betters. I

can barelydoiusticcto their constant:-

ly peculiar attitude: eyes glazed.
glasses on. and head tilted forward,
tltrcc inches away from the program.
deciphering all the fine print and
figures arid making sortie definitive
sense out of it. they almost in-
evitably had an advanced 5:00

shadow and had also apparently lost
much at the track in the past.
resulting sortie pretty tacky dress.
l'hcrc were various concession
stands and establishements which
attempted to provide both hard and

 

And they‘re all! Horse ((1 le drlven by Jay Frledmen; 2-Mtke Meyer; 3-
Beau Better: 4-Jay Rosenberg; 5-Steve Newman (winner); 6-Werren
Nelson.

 

 

 rm tire Finest

 

man went
9 am - 9, pm
'* 482.1425

(just above

Pine Hills
Wine & Liquor Store, hc.

879 Madison Ave

[hum iii the wiser

gift wrapping
chilled wines
free delivery

 

Ontario St.)

 

 

 

NOVEMBER 8, 1974

 

   

    

 
 

   
  
  
  

  

 
      
     
 

  
 

From tett, In blah ol the horse: Ed TIMI.'8UNVA Home» Reclng Club President; aim Noam.

race winner; Marti Knitter, treasurer; Merle Renter. club member; Me. Newman, who at wlnner:
Laure Hutohtnson. club member; Bttt Lemtmg. alternate drtvenArtle Zlnklebergmlub acutely. ’

soft core beliefs with the essentials:
cigars. soft drinks and seemingly
harmless pretzels that actually lie
waiting for three hoursand then do a
trip dance in your stomach.

Despite the somewhat less than
encouraging developments. the
track is actually a good place to go.
(iood people and bad people unite
arid go wild. and it is fun to watch.
even better to get lost in yourself.

By far the most cheered for race
among the SUNY throng was the
student-driver race. Almost all the
Silldtl‘llﬁ there came to cheer for a
lricrrd. and even though only sis
horses raced. there was a lot of ye“-
ing.

Most of the race was dominated

‘ by Jay Friedman. At thelast minute.

Steve Newman on Berliner shot past
to come in first up by a neck over
Friedman. Mike Meyer on Camden
Major was third. Warren Nelson
catrglit fourth on Cristys Jen. Beau
Beller slipped in on Blythe Victorfor
ﬁfth. and Jay Rosenberg finished up
sixth riding an inert Ruth C.

( it" of Dogfoud
Newman explained
winning philosophy. "when in
doubt. go to the top." Another
jockey elaborated. “I was drivirtg a

cart ol doglood."
It was dcliiiitcly tltc high poirtt of

his simple

tltc night. although many studcrits'

continued to wager through the last
wee. 'l'his reporter received a hot tip
from an informed source on a shoe-
in for the tenth race. I came out a
winner. making my way back to the
bus $2.20 richer than when lgot off
four hours earlier.

My tip. by the way. came from
Harness Club President Eddy 'I‘rink
who. dressed formally with a tie and
wine colored double knit suit. ex-
plained the ideology behind his bet-
ting:

"I'm actually a connoisseur of
harness racing. lapprcciutcthe other
parts ol harness racing. but I use
my . . . tilt . . . knowledge to make
a little money."

Elderly Housed in Buffalo State

home in Brillalo. and a condominitriit iii Florida. all

by lien Nirgcnt

"they end the idea that the world is just college
students. and show its that there is such a thing as old
age: that it is not just a i'tttnorcd myth." commented
Richard Martin. a student at Btillalo State. whcrea pilot
project prmrding the aged with housing on campus has

been underway lor the lust lcw year's.

Martin bi'iclly told ol lite on a campus lll which one
dorm is tilled with senior citi/ciis. lhc agcd live in
Highrise dormitory. rind Rich lives in neighboring

Bishop l'lttll.

Alfectionatcly cirll the "raisins" (because ol their
wrinkles) tltc old folks “break tip the di'ttbncss" ol carti-
pus lilc iii Buffalo. Most students claim that "tlicy'rel'uir

woman ol high I

his lrtcc.

. ,rllic "hrirtironi
linorrtc stops be
dressed loi' thco

\\lllL‘l| she could use if she wcirt to bed witlt him. A

itoral character. Darcey took a puff 0|

llls prin crhiril cigar and quickly blcwa cloud ol'sriiok‘e in

ca man.“ a Joke .loiiit .limmy with no

legs. \ihccls liiniscll around the entire campus. his
ing the (.‘rrlcicria and the Pub. "Always ,

ccnsion" in a suit. this personality plays

harmonica requests any time of the day or night. He

hangs out in the Pub rrt night.and when ll baud plays"hc

to look at.“ tltitt tltcy pose as an added recreational ac- "s.

livin tor bored students. Much to tlrcirdisrttay. there are

“just a few nutty personalities."

Rich. a sophomore at Buffalo
easy chair and told a few stor' .-
charactcrs on campus. llis discu..

 
 
  

"Movicgocr."

lhc “Happy llookcr." much to tltc dismay ofthe Buf-
lalo State men. is a titan. Usually garbcd in a plaid ltat
withri red fcatltcr and an overcoat (yes. Virginia. thcrcarc
clothes underneath). the old fellow stands outside iii the
plum ol dormitories lrom tltc wee of the morning until
dusk. llc merrily pulls on a cigar aitd propositions

anything that looks lemtrlc.

One of his “victims.” a certain Ms. Darcey Leslie.
rclatcd her story. ()ric day she was innocently strolling

along the plaza. when the old chap

Always looking lor adventure. young Darcey gain

skipped over to him.
lhc “Happy llookcr' promptly told

Clttl cmprrc. citing a large bank account. trii cstravrigiint

Big Dom 8. Jay Miner present:

 

 

 
 

State. sat back in his
about certain old
on centered around
the Bttl'lrrlo campus celebrities "the Happy llooker."
"the harmonica man." "thc screaming mecmy

slttl'ls jiving. and for a man with no legs. hc can really
move." During band breaks. he moves from table to
table. playing requests and conversing \viththc patrons.

err-inning met-my"

"Screaming Mecmy" is another personality. but of

considerably less stature than the “Happy llookcr" itnd

tlr .- “harmonica
rtv‘arby \icinity o

and the kiiidcrgardcii cln

man." She cart be found daily on her

porch. yelling ltcr problems to the world. liveryonc ill the

1 her porch knows how her Aurtt Hilda

is and what little Bobby did to get thrown ottt of

33.

“lhc Mtl\ rcgocr'" has several talents. Going to every

lllt.‘ library and l
d rcw Sister's' rcc
logcther. they

A bill has been
called her over. ten excess lious
occupancy enroll
around this cam]
ccriteitl drabiiess

hcr ol vnst linan-

campus moiic. he will scream at the top of his lungs
when a picture goes bird or the sound is too garbled. He'
also. when llashed it dollar tor a second. can rcgurgitntc
tltc bill's serial number. llis lit\t)|'llC pasttimc issittingin

istcnrng to old Ella Fitzgerald and An!
otds.

comprise a motley crew which delight! '
and entertain tltc Bullalo Statc students.

drawn up in thc Statc Assembly to con-
ittg space iii all SUNY schools. It put

into law. and it this school c\cr accepts less than [40%

titent. we coulrl see old timers liobbling
ins. And colnparcd to this symmetrical
. a lcw “raisins” will be exciting.

 

 

Come to the Salty Dog and receive your

HALF PRICE WALT’S SUB COUPON

Good for any Walt's submarine Sandwich at V2 price
at Walt's Subs, 283 Ontario St.
Good at the

Ontario St. store ONLY

Illlunuelullenua

 

1/2

     

Good then
Nov. 16. 1914

 

 

mausoleum-«momenta

PAGE THREE

   

   
    
    
   
 
   
 

  
 

 

  

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
  
 
 

  
 
  
 
 
  
  

    

