 

WWW“ .

333C?

l’ _ . V _
gh’tomorrow to face an opv
pi nt than canhardl‘y be‘called im-

- presetVe. The Great Danes come into-

th game after their finest offensive
showing of the season.
’ Last week against Curry. Albany
dominated the second half both
offensively and defensively. After
this kind of victory against a tough
school. one can only imagine what
the Danes will do to a lowly oppo-
nent. ‘

'l'be Curry game found John Ber—
tiwi having probably his best game

._

_'.W

ever. John was 2<2 pitssing for 73
yards and one touchdown. Bertuzzt

osmosis

sFac’e‘Easy TaSkTOmorrow

curried the‘ball l2times for NO

yards and‘two touchdowns. in- I

eludingia run of 60 yards on the se-

'eiind‘play‘ from scrimmage; '

Orin Griffin and Glenn Spwalsk’ie
also had. impressive gamesut Curry.
(iriffin rushetf for “5 yards in'fiVe
carries and scored two touchdowns.
Sownlskie carried the ball five times
for fit) yards with one touchdown.
.Higlily rated fullback 'l'om DeBlois
did not have a good day statistically.
but he blocked excellently to open
ltoles for the other backs.

I'lic one bright spot for Curry was
their sophomore qtuirterback 'l'om
l'nir. Dauc Coach Bob Ford praised

Saturday. The quarterback com-
pleted 2| passes and the Albany
defensive secondary was unable to
defend itself. Ali'of Fair's com-
plctions were short yardage tosses.
as the Danes did not allow him to
throw deep. .

Tilt: Duties exited from lhcir50-23
victory at Curry without any serious
injuries. Offensive tackle Dotti Ron-
coite suffered a bruise to his hand
that lttis not been resolved to date.
Doctors feel that Dom can play
tomorrow. but it will not be certain
until kickoff tiiitc.

Coach Ford gave an overall im-
pression of first Week‘s game as a

Fairl'orhisexcellentplay-callinglast solid team performance iii all

hole

The Griddere in cotton in their last game, versus Brockport. the Greet Danes are now renlted
seventh in the Lambert Bowl Ratings, and travel to Plallsburgh tomorrow.

Boaters Reflect on Season

By Nathan Selsnt

“This was a terribly disappointing
season." reflected Albany State var-
sity soccer coach Bill Schieffelitt.
after the I974 regular season had
come to a close with losses to Stony
Brook (3-l) and Binghamton (3-0) .
this past weekend. “'l'rue.“
Schicffclin continued. “our final
record is 7-5-1. but when you con-
sider our 5-0—1 record after six
games. and the fact that this season‘s
schedule was not nearly as tough as
last year‘s. the final record is very
mediocre. We thought that we had a
great deal more talent this year. but
we really did not improve on last
season's 8-5 mark."

“We played two seasons.“ said one
of the Booters. "the first half of the
season was successful. but the sc-
cond hiilf was bad news. Instead of
improving as the season went on.
our play degenerated. The only
good game we played in the second
half of the season was the win over
Potsdam."

'l‘he season's results and statistics
tend to back up thisstatement./\ltcr
their first six games. the Booters
were undefeated. having scored thir-
tccn goals. and allowing only two.
Opening the season at home. the
Danes were impressive 4-1 winners
over R,l’.l_. and 3-0 over Frcdonla.
(The Boaters Would not reach the
three goals scored plateau again un-
til game ten versus Potsdam. the
Beaten romping. 5-0.)“.

Scoring problems began to plague
the Danes when their first road trips
took them to Oswcgo. where the

Danes edged their hosts. 2-l. and

Buffalo State. where Albany was

again victorious. this time by a 2-0

margin. The scoring problem

became obvious versus Cortland. a

team Albany tied 0-0. and became an

eyesore. when the Booters managed

only two goals against a very weak

New l’altz squad. despite out-‘
shooting the visitors 67-4.

The second ltall'ofthc season begtin
with an upset loss to Hamilton. 3-l.
followed by a crucial 4-l loss to
Onconta which cost the Danes a
share of the SUNY 'Conf'erence
championship. l'licBooters returned.
home. sweeping Potsdam (5-0) and
l’lattsburgh (Hi). before the rooffell
in at the end ol'tlic season. with con-
secutive losses to Union (5-3). Stony
Brook (3-H. and Bingliamtoan-O).

in their last seven games. the Danes
scored twelve goals while allowing
eighteen. Subtract the 5-0 win versus

Potsdam (the only solid team pcrfor~
miince of the second half of the
season). and the goals scored versus
goals against difference becomes
more revealing.

lndividuulstatistics also showed the

“two seasons". Chepe Ruano. the
team‘s leading scorer. with six goals.
netted five of them in the first hall'of
the season. Frank Selca and l’as-
quale l’ctriccione (live goals each)
scored most oftheir goals in the ﬁrst
-.part of the season. l'lteonly other

player to score more than one goal -

was Matty Denora.who tallied three
times late in the season. Last year's
leading scorer. Edgar Martineztnine
goals) saw little action this year.

The assists statistics tell the same

tale. with the team leader. Arthur
Bedford. picking up three of his four'
assists in the first half of the seasith
Runno and Johnny Rolando (last.
year‘s assist leader with ll) each
assisted on tltrec occassions. once
again largely in the first half of the
year. .lerry Lee Hing. the only other
player to assist on more than one
goal. tallied his two assists early in
the season.

“i ntn not going to start making ex-
cuses.“ said Schieff'elin. “Sure.some
players will point to minor injuries
and blame them for individual
failures.()tliers will criticize the of-
ficinls aitd blame them for losses. but
the fact remains that we did not play
well at all thisyeur. l'lietcam failed to
pliiy together on iitimerous oc-
cassions. Technical errors such as
overdribbling were repeated game
after game.“

"Our primary problems were a
general lack of aggressiveness and'
hustle. and the lack of ti player who
could smell the net and take some
physical punishment to score a
goal.“ '

“Perhaps success came a little too
easily last year. and we just did not
stand up to the pressure of being I
favorite." said Schief‘felin. as hiseyes
looked off into the future. or perhaps
the past. where NCAA Tournament
teams from Albany Slate's. soccer
program are to be found.

Like the old Brooklyn Dodgers.
and the modern New York Yankees.
the Albany State Hooters will just
have to. "Wait ‘tilt next year.“

categories-"Ibis was a good win
over a good football team. It was an
especially fine game for spectators."

_ He was referring to the offensive

capability of the Danes.
l‘lattsburgh. the opponent
tomorrow. is 2-5 on the season.
their problem so far has been a lack
of offense. The team cannot sustain a
scoring drive. The defense is on the
field often. due to the inefficient

‘ol'fcrise. 'l'bcrcforc. they tire before

the end of the game. ,

Aside front the fact, that the
defense is-coustantly on the field. in-
juries to key players have lturl
l’lnttsbtirgli even ntorc. .lohnCussin.
at middle guard. is the hestdefcusivc
lineman on the squad. However. he
may itot seeaction tomorrow against
the Danes.

The defense. as a whole. is very
good. “my are not a disciplined
squad. yet they do the job well. Bill
Callahan. at middle linebacker. calls
the defensive signals. He was called
"a great athlete with good football
sense“ by Coach Ford.

l’lattsburgli‘s coach. Roger
Cascinni. helicws in free substitu-
tion on defense. It has been his habit
to shuffle sevenlceitylayers through
the first string defense. He is forced
to do this during the game. because
the defensive uitit is kept busy by the
waning offense.

llic l'lattsburglt defensive secon-
dary is very stingy. They will be vir-
tually impossible to beat with the
long pass. However. the wishbone
attack of John Bertuxzi can compen-
sate by sprinting outside and using
combinations of sweeps and short
passes. It is doubtful that the
I'lattsbtirgli defense will contain
Bertuzzi for it full game. this should
be a field day for the statisticians.

()n offense. l’lattsburgh is non-
existent. .loe (iarcia. at quarterback.
is a good passer and ruiitter. He has

not been given time in the past by his”

offensive line to do either with any
consistency. Halfbackv Bob Mehan.

bobby lemon and Peseuele

is an excellent receiver. but can‘t
make up for wfiatliis team obviously
lacks.

Overall. the l’lattsburgh team
‘does not impress the’ Albany
scouting staff. The Great Danes-
defealed l’lattsburgh last year 32-0.
l'ltc scouts feel that last year‘s per-
formance is no indication of what
the Danes are capable of doing to
Cardinals.

lti last year’s victory. the Danes
were given many scoring oppor-
ttiitities from the incapable kicking
game of l’lattsburglt. 'l'lic Danes
received tlte ball live times inside
midfield doc to poor punt and
kickoll'covcragc. l'ltisyeartliis saute
is likely to occur. l'lnitsburgh is lack-
ing in the kicking department and
the specialty teams.

llte problems facing l’lattsburgh
iit containing the (ircat Danes are
numerous. By the end of the game.
the defense will have had a long
workout by chasing llertuzzi and
Company tip aitd down the field.

l'lie Albany StateUreat Dunes are
currently ranked seventh in the
Lambert Bowl poll. This game
tomorrow sltotild he a boost to the
judges. With only one game remain-
ing. next week against R.l’.|.. the
Danes niusi finish strongly to haven
shot at the Lambert Bowl.

Coach l‘ord wished to decline
comment on the Lambert Howl. lie
is itot going otit of his way to gain
favor with the judging committee.
When it gttiiie is out of reach. he will
substitute his second string rather
than roll tip a score. liven the second
string should ltavc no trouble offen-
sively or defensively against

l’liittsburgli.
Bus to l’lattslturgh

There will be a bus load of
students following the Danes to
I’lattsburgli for the game. For all
those interested in going. there is a
sign-up sheet in tltc campus center

till 4:00 or call Josie ill 457-s7so. '

Tickets cost $3.50 a person.

I - hole
bottling for loose bell in

Boolore' tins) home contest title you stuns Union.

3 Faces Reappointment Turmoil

by Bob Mayer ,

“The whole thing is about to blow
up. Either the administration makes
a decision now or they are going to
spend the rest of the decade picking
up the pieces.“ The faculty member
did not want to be quoted by name.
but summed up the overriding senti-
ment of the Sociology Department.
that Chairman Ray Forer must not
have his position as chairman renew-
ed.

The faculty had been informed
that a decision on Forer‘s renewal as
chairman would come by November
I. bitt. Vice President for Academic
Affairs Philip Sirotkin claims that
was not the case. "There will be no
decisions until after the external
review committee hands in their
report.“ He said that such it report
would be released in the middle of
next semester.

In many respects the Sociology
Department is no different from
other departments within this un-
iversity. The department faces
serious cutbacks in funding. because
of across-tlie-boiird budget cuts this
year. .lunior faculty members are
concerned about tenure. especially
iit light of the tight job market. In
.lanuary. a group of “well-known“
sociologists are scheduled to
evaluate the department. iiitd their
critique will make suggestions about
the program. particularly the
Masters and the PhD programs.

However. in other respects. the
Sociology Department‘s situation
appearsto be unique. ltsuffcrs front
more than the tisualsquabbling. per-
sonality conflicts. and internal
politicking that are inherent in
academia.

The Student Pressinterviewed a
score of faculty and students and
found. among other things. a crippl-
ing case of low morale. When we
guaranteed that no one‘s name
would be used in the story and that
our primary concern was todiscover
the reasons for the present and
former low morale. faculty
members. students. and others
associated with the department
began to talk freely about the situa-
tion.

For iipprehensivc graduate
students and unteni‘ircd faculty
members. the Starla/i! Press
investigation was particularly
threatening. One graduate student
remarked. “Our degrees are on the
line. We fear rcprisal ifwe speak out
against the man.“ Another student
said. “We 'grad students have a
different interest than the faculty.
We have to dcalwith each other. and
we are self-serving. We want to get
through our degrees. Graduate
studentsarc easily intimidated. That
is part of the academic game.“

But for many it was more thitn a
game. The tenured faculty was ntore
open and more critical ofCltairman
Forer. clearly a majority believed
that the department needs a chair-
man who can avoid alienating as
many people as Forer has.

()ne faculty member asserted.
“Speaking tip against the chairman
may lturt the department at a time
just prior to external review. but we
have been silent too long. lltave seen
students abused. talent wasted. and
money thrown down the rat hole.“
Another faculty member admitted
that “Forer ltas done smite good by
bringing in quality people“ but went

, 1!

ilowsliy

Sociology Department Chairmen Rey Forer is receiving some opposition in reappointment bid.

on to say. however. that “he is a
ruthless person and his stylcoffcnds
a lot of people.“

The faculty had been told by Dean
of Social and Behavioral Sciences.
Richard Kendall. to comment on
retention of Forer as chairman. Ac-
cording to several of the
department's personnel. the out-
come Of this vote was 14 to 2 against
renewal.

Basically. the question sunt-
marizes as why is there such a degree
of sentiment against the chairman by
members of his own faculty. The
answer is a complicated one. that
often combines professional
criticism with personality
differences. Many in the department
argue that besides l‘orcr‘s abrasive

English PhD Program Under Scrutiny-

lte tliiitks the doctoral program is in jeopardy. he replied
The English Depumncnl.s PhD program. like the that he has “no idea. What‘s the point ol'woi'ryiitg‘IOne

by Elisabeth Gross

programs oftlie HistorynndCltentistry Department‘s. is mu“ mnscrvc c'wrgy‘

He added that the English

now under the scrutiny of tltc New York Education l)'~'l““'lml3m‘-‘i P""l§lil|ll “"5 MC" FL‘ViL‘WCd before for

Department. Last Monday and 'l‘uesday. two “site dimmm purpmcs’
evaluators“ visited the department. reading doctoral dis-

Dr. Knotts also brushed aside rumors that have been

scrmlmns‘ questioning grudumc s‘udcms‘ and meeting ctrcitlatuig on campus. Questions have been raised cou-

witli various faculty members.

l'lie site evaltiators are a part of the Education
Department‘s response to a state-coinniissioned panel of
.lanuary I972 that examined the stiitiis of and resotirces

ccruing:

I. the 'alidity of a two-day site evaluation.
2. the state's process of analyzing doctoral programs.
.1. the state‘s possible attempt to eliminate "duplicate"

for doctoral educations iii New York State. Known as WWW" l"’”8"“|liﬁ~ “ﬁllCClillll’ Willlill lllL‘ Slillc Universi-
the Fleming Commission Report (official name is 1" “Wm-"1'

Regents Commission of Doctoral Education). it explain-

l’lte rumors were itot quieted eillter by Dr. Dorothy

ed in its Position ’al’erffl‘). “Mcciingmc Necdmfuow Harrison. who is liaison officer between the examining

toral Education." that problems involve difficult finan-
cing. changing employment markets. arid the over—

supply of doctorates in sonic fields.

These problems were further emphasised by Dr.
Walter Knotts. chairman of tlic SUNYA Engliin
Department. who stated that the Board of Regents is -
"looking at the quality of PhD programs in New York:“
he also stressed the fact that all l’liDprograms iii private
and public universities in the stiite are to be evaluated.

The site evaluators who exatnincd this English
Department last week are Ronald l'ttttlson of .lohns
llopkins University.a specialist in l7thiind llltltccntury
Engliin literature and Russell Nye of Michigan State.
whose forte is American Literature arid llistory. accor-
ding to the Directory ol'xlmt'rlivm Scholars. I964. ’l‘lieir
report. along with the conclusions of it high state Doc-
toral council. will be sent to Dr. Ewald Nyquist. Colit-
iiiissioncr of Higher Education. He will then inform
President lleitcret of the committee‘s final analysis ofihe

Engliin Department.

Dr. Knotts‘ rcitcitou is one of calmly waiting for the
report. of refusing to jump to conclusions. When asked if

commission and the University. When queried oit the
project's set—up and process. she replied. “()iir position is

iliiit no information on the process or project will be

uI...

publicized.“ She added that "till evaluations are con-
lltfclllilli. Any ptibliciiy cotild he liii ruil'ul to the universi—

Wlicn pressed further. she declared that secrecy con-
ccruiug the project was
tioti [the university]." Her explanation oftliis statement

sseutial to “protect the institu—

was that potential students might be “scared off“ by any

notations.

J. phased otit.

report of a state probe into the department. although she
agreed that it commission's analysis might lead to
positive results instead of containing only negative con-

Slte refused to state when the Commission‘s findings
on the SUNYA English Department would he ntitde
known. saying that the results will be announce when
President licnezci wants them publicized. When they are
an iionnced. the depart nicnt'sdoctoraf program will be in
one of three catiigoi'ics 

I. continued as is.

2. put on probation.

personality and his often had judg-
ment in Iiisdcalings with people. ltis
record as a sociologist is mediocre.

Forer. as a chairman of a major
department in a university center has
somewhat questionable academic
credentials. In the 20 years since his
graduation front Yale. he has
published only six articles. Only two
of tltciii appeared iii what are
generally considered prestigious
journals. A former department
faculty member was prompted to
say “Forer would have difficulties
getting tenure today in a junior
college."

ltay l‘orci' had difficulties before
he became chairman in January of
I972. Prior to assuming his new
position Forer was chairman of tltc
search coiiiiiiitlec that was looking
to replace l’aiil Meadows as chair-
man.

This committee voted to cxclttde
junior faculty members from its
proceedings.

The junior faculty at that time
joined and sent a petitioti to the
department cluiirman. Meadows.
and the search co mntittee chairman.
l‘orer. The petition was a "request

petition was drafted. According to a
notari/cd statement signed by the
same faculty member. the following
events occurred:

Forer explained that he gas dis-
turbed about the petition citllingthc
action "inappropriate. unnecessary
and imuuittirc.“ He continued to say
that the behavior of liltlst.‘ faculty
members nas analogous to “juvenile
dclinqiicnts." I'Iic faculty member
tltcu proceeded to ask Forci‘ "what
about those nho signed it?" “'f'hey
hat e placed tltcuisclt es in jeopardy“
he replied. l‘orer told the faculty
member that lie (l‘ot‘et') liad iioi ex-
pected such action of him and made
it clear that he \\ as now "implicated"
“lift the "rest of them."

Continuing. the member asked.
"Will tliosc tilto signed the pctitioit
be gitcn iiulaiorable letters of
reference \\llt.'ll lllL'\ 'ek alternative
employ ment?" l‘oier said that
"blacklisting" had been known to oc-
Clll' in matters similar to this one. and
that some people ncicr escape the
scars no matter where they go. He
added that liedid not think that lieor
anyone cls would "blacklist" iii this
case. According to the statement.

"Speaking up against the chairman may

hurt the department at a time just prior to

external review, but .we have been

silent too long.

I have seen sfudenls abused, talent wasted,

and money thrown down the rat hole."

that the entire department of
Sociology“ he giveti copies of a
departmental "goals" report iind "be
given the opportunity to vote on the
names which are submitted
recommending a department chair-
man..." The petition quoted
regulations of the College of Arts
and Sciences which affirmed the
right of all members to participate.

Not one faculty memberwho sign-
ed that petition remains today at this
university.

Ray Forer was approached by one
of tlie signers three days after the

Forer nus asked one more question:
“ “Would you advise me to look
elsewhere for eittployitieiit'f‘ Forer
encottritgcd me to do so for my own
professional ad 'antage.‘ “

Ray Forer would become the
chairman of the Sociology Depart-
ment a year later. In the three years
that he would serve. Forer would
succeed iii seriously harming morale
within his department. But Forer
could not have accomplisth this
without the benign help of an ad-
ministration unwilling to recognize
problemswhen they were developing.

 

