 

Colessal Couture  i

, en'tal  phoibgl‘dplli"

.  with a multi-layered
{sound track at- - '
’ classical,
eleCtronic, r

uonuraosse iuapms Kq. papunJ

. . choral and

contemporary folk music.
‘ sat, Oct-26
at 7:30am! 10:00 pm

A .75 with tax" L07
 $ l.25 without tax

teammates-tumour”.  . -

., SENIO 3 t t

This is your chance to vote on who you would like as your
graduation speaker. If you care about graduation, pick two
names (or write in choice is I ) from. the following list.

Mark ( l ) as a first choice, (2) as a second. Deposit this
ballot at the campus center desk. ‘ 

Halloween, October 31
9- 1 am in the CC Ballroom

iuuueo h) «um-m asst-eon..."

 

 

 

 

.y....LOWELL WEIKER .....BARBARA WALTERS

.....GLORIA STEINEM

....._BlLL cosev .....DAN RATHER

I

I

I

I

I

: .
I

I

: HOWARD BAKER
I

I

I

I

I

I

   , .....AtuaucawAto
i

...............WRITE IN
..................wntrE IN

 

 

Eeonomtel Professor Uppat works In many directions.

Subcontinent Woes.
Subject of Book
.logindar S. Uppal.|’rot'essor of Economicsand Afro-American studies.

will travel to llangladesh in December to collect data for a soon-to-bc-
published book. “Economic Problems in South Asia“. which will focus on

“India. Pakistan. Bangladesh. and Sri Lanka.

Professor Uppal currently is working on two other projects as Well. The
lirst isa project lor the Institttte of Public Policy Alternatives; itexplorcstlte
question ol the liseal responsibility for the maintenance of state highways
within cities. . i

'I he second project. under the auspices ofthe State of New York. assesses
the cllectiieness of state aid to towns and counties in New York for the
maintenance ol local streets.

l’I'olcssoI' Uppal is the author of several books'. In I97t. he co—editcd
"Comparatiie l)e\elopmcnt of India and China“ ('l‘he Free Press) and the
lollowing _\eal eo-edilctl “Africa: l'roblems in [Economic Development“('l‘he
l't'cc l’rcss). '

Continuing his interest in economic development. he then wrotc"l)isgttis-
ed Unemploy ment in an Underdeveloped Economy" (Asia Publishing
House) in I973.

[his year I)t. Uppal and Robert l’eltcngill.l’rofessor of Economics at

slINYA. collaborated on “Can Cities Sunive‘! the Fiscal Plight of

American Cities" (St. Martin‘s Press). l‘or Uppal. the book represents a new
interest in the problems at urban America.

I he economist plans to maintain his interest in the economic development
ol Asia as he continues his research on transportation in urban America.
lloth projects are expected to become the basis of future publications.

'j‘tzasi A profeitior ill south
‘ Floiida'is charginL-jllat the Air

Force secretely' recovered the bodies;
of l2 U.F.0. crew‘inembers. killed in
a crash fourjyeersygo. but is
withholding the information from
the public. '  ' '

Doctor Robert‘Carr of the tin;

-iversity of South; Florida says he

learned the incrediblfg‘details of the
alleged cover-up”- fro'm a former
security guard atrwright—Patterson'
Air Force Base ingohio.

Doctor Ca rr says the guard. is man,
named Arthur Brae. was working It'
the base when a U.F.O. with lthiny‘
crew members crashed at aii un-
disclosed location in the I United .
States. 7
._D_‘3°_‘°.L£ﬂ'_‘.‘13£lh£‘_‘h.°_'3.

(ZNS) Richard Nixon is pickingl
up popularity among the “Trick orl
Treat“ set. l

Frieda Fenster. the owner of 21'

|Chicago novelty shop. said she hasl
Iatready sold out hereomplcte supply]
lof Nixon masks. even though thel
normal rush for masks doesn‘t startl
until two weeks before Halloween.

Says the sttlcswoman: “I sold out
fall the Nixon masksl had last week.|
land all the supply house seem to be|
Iout of thent too.“ Fcnster adds thatl
she believes Nixon's resignation
made a big difference this year
|becausc last year. she says “\Vcbnly‘
lsold a few."

 

 

 

Find happiness at Steak 8: Brew...great steaks, burgers and
roast prime rib of beef, plates and plates of fresh good things
from the earth at the famous salad bar and pitcher alter pitcher
of good things to drink (for just 50¢ per person). Dine in the

cheerful surroundings of an English Pub and then lin

ger in The

Lounge. Bring a special friend or the whole gang—Steak 8t

Brew will do the rest.

I”

I”

COLONIE
Welt load Park
(5") 450-1845

PRESENT TlllI COIN" 10 "Ml Hm
A! man 

It”. I."
“of till). '"I Q" "II. “I” I “I. "MINI II "I." 91ml

OCTOBER 25. 1974

.surgeon called in by the Air Force to

' human-like being: was‘stunned- by -

"yellow to w m
. whitish-tapioca

specimens.“
The Doctor. adds that the l2

beings “Were appprently killed   I r

“decomprekaion‘ accident" when-~
their space, ship entered theEarth‘s v
atmosphere”. *-  - g ' » v u . Wright-Pat retvi'tA rforoe‘ll‘na'e
AccordingtoDoetorCarrmbrain 'liiiitissueda t enla ftheDoc‘-'

tor's charges. saying there is no fact
conduct autopsies on the. small. , ,orsubptaneeto thematallLInJIﬁ

stamina Armor arse: lacrosse};
their brains. Thes'urgeon. according security guard. is now living 
to Carr. found that the brains con-. Canada, He predicts the 
tained an advanced number” of .‘r‘ Govcmnieni iljliieparing'itmcitigetia
“convolutioris”—which are folds for adrama'tieannoutteeinen'tabotit
and wrinkles usually associated with theexistence of extra-terreatial life.“‘"

Social Ills, Claims ZPG,

Zero Population Growth is a non-profit organization formed forasinglc

til-mental; ~-‘

, purpose; to stabilch the population ol'the» United States by voluntary means.
' liven though the U5. birth rate has declined. the population continues to

grow at the rate of about IV; million people each year. Growth at the pre-
sent ratc only serves to aggravate our already serious social. environmental.
and resource problems. these problems can never be adequately or per-
manently solved until we stabilize our population growth. 

l'he New York State Federation of Zl’(i maintains three offices: in New
York City. Albany and Rochester. Each office is politically aetive.working
to educate our elected representatives to the necessity of effective legislation
to deal with the population problem. I

l‘or three years. ZI’U has drafted and lobbied for State legislation in
Albany. pertinent to population issues. In particular. it has succeeded in get-
ting population-related bills. currently the "Marriage License" Bill and the
Contraceptive Law Repeal llill. reported out of eomtnittee and voted upon in
the State legislature. It has written a bill for the establishment of a l'opula-
lion Commission to study population growth and its effects on New York
State. .

In addition to legislative work. ZI’U has provided for different groups
throughout the state. testified at various environmental hearings. and state
planiiing boards on the preparation and presentation of regional and local
growth stu'lics. ‘

II the goal of voluntary stabilization of population is to be attained.
rcpresentatites ill the State Legislature mttst respond to our needs and sup-
port the proper programs. Somc of them:

Ihe bill to repeal thc.present restrictive Contraceptive Law will be rein-
lroduced.

the “Marriage License“ Ilill will be reintroduced in the State Legislature,
and with continued lobbying. will probably pass.

lllc'lllll to establish a Population Commission for New York State will be
reintroduced. '

/.l’(i will continue to work for consideration of population growth as an
integral part of any land-use planning or legislation.

Ihere will be a continued effort to educate the New York State Depart-
ment ol I:n\ ironmental Conservation (DEC) on the importance ol'the pop-
ulation issue to environmental programs.

Ihere will be continued lobbying and testifying on all of these matters.
/.l'(i needs people to do every variety of work. There will ban membership
drive in the Albany area in the near future. Individuals will be ttble to‘learu
more about what they can do to help in this pressing social. environmental
and resource problem. For any further information. please contact Eric
Kuehn at 457-786l or Box “2. Dutch Quad. SUNY at Albany, Albany

|2222.

 

 

 

 

PAGE seven

-. .m t... It... .s. ...t- .a "e a: we in uni-u m. u. at

 

