’(1
i,
f

i
.2
i

 

 

A Conspiracy?

Lingerin

by “ll Kenneth Frost

A warm sunny afternoon in late fall.
The streets are damp from early morning
rttin. A group of cars move slowly along
Elm Street. in Dcaley Plaza. Hundreds of
people line the sides of the streets. many
cheering. some taking pictures.

In the center of the motorcade. two
men wave to the spectators, broad smiles
on their faces.

()nc looks to the left. the other to the

right. Suddenly. without warning. there is

a sound like firecrackers. and the men

fall. Red stains appear on the clothing of

the men and their escorts.

A man jumps on the rear of the car as
the driver steps on the gas. The car speeds
off. and Others follow. sirens wailing.

Less than one hour later. the official
news is broadcast: President Kennedy has
been assassinated in Dallas.

'l'en months latcra White House state-
ment. known as the Warren Commission
Report. is released. The Commission
finds that one man. a lone assassin by the
name of Lee Harvey Oswald is responsi-
ble for the death of President John F.
Kennedy. Included in these findings are
the facts that Oswald fired three shots
from a sixth floor window of the Texas
School Book Depository Building at the
retreating presidential limousine.

According to the Report. Oswald‘s first
bullet entered the rear of Kennedy‘s neck.
left the throat below the Adam‘s Apple.
then entered former ‘l'exas Governor
John (.‘onnally‘s back. exited above his
right nipple. entered and shattered his
right wrist.and finally lodged itself in his
left thigh.

The second bullet missed the
limousine completely.

The third bullet struck Kennedy on the
right side of his head. and exited through
his forehead. This third bullet. according
to the coroner‘s report. was fatal to

g Doubt 0n JFK’s A 

Kennedy.

That was that. The Warren Commis-
sion handed down a nice tidy report
which summed the assassination up to
one man and three bullets.

However. in the last few years. several
inconsistencies have arisen which tend to
contradict the Commission‘s findings. In-
deed. many actually refute their con-
clusions. and lead to an opposite answer.

Case in point:

Abraham Zaprudcr. a spectator in
Dealey Plaza. happened to be taking
movies ofthe motorcade. On film he cap-
tured the entire assassination. By analyz-
ing the timing of the film sequences (l8
frames per second) one can determine the
time between shots.

U.S. Marine experts. using Oswald‘s
gttn. determined that the minimum time
required to sltoot. open the bolt. load.
close the bolt. and fire was 2.| seconds(38
frames). Yet the film. taken frame by
frame. shows that Kennedy was hit at
frame 278. then again ttt frame 3|2. 'l‘he
span here is thirty-four frames-a time
difference of almost two seconds. llut
frame 278 represents the striking of the
first bttllet. and frame3l2 the third bullet.
which leaves an average seventeen frames
orjttst under one second per sltot. This is
less than half tlte time determined by
Marine experts as being necessary for
multiple shots.

Another point to be taken up:

' Kennedy is hit in the back ofthe head at
trame 3|2. yet in frame 3l3. his head is
seen jerking backward. as a red stain
appears on his forehead.

Analysis of these two frames leads to
the conclusion that Kennedy was hit
twwe. once from the back ttnd once from
the front. almost simultaneously. It is this
second bullet. striking the front of his

head thatjerks his head back and causes '

his body to slump backward into the seat

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS.

of the car. 

Moving backward to tratne 27h.tht
point where the first bullet slriit ,
Kennedy is hit. In the succeedtngthra
frames. his hands reach up and clutch ha
throat. Connally. allegedly struck hytht
same bullet. is turning his head lo the
right. He holds his hat to thtsrighthattd.

As Kennedy recoils it'om his lortttttd
thrust. (.‘onnally‘s head suddenly spillth
the left. and his hat lile lrotu his hand
when his wrist is strtick.

The time dliiCl'CltCL‘ Itcrc hetttecn the
striking of Kennedy and the strthtagai A
Connally is between oncdoutthantlonc- '
half of a second much more than lilt‘
titne necessary for a bullet to llilWl-‘l’il
distanceol' four lect. conclusion: the
bullets.

And what about the tcpottetl st't‘ohd
bullet. the one tltal missed cotnplclt'll‘i

Across a hundred yards ot so of WC“
and grass. a spectator Is hatching lltt‘
tnotoreade. As he stares at the pi tat-mun.
his check is gra/cd b) a llyttigptolct‘nlt-

Later. an investigation ol the and
showed that the object \\illL'il struck him
was a bullet that had l'lL’ttt‘llL‘lL‘ti oII IhL‘
Curb. However. the tttlglc lltItll \tlllcll"
had been fired is far olt to lltt' \ltit‘ttlillLi
Texas School Ilook Depositot',‘ '” 1'“
direction of the Grass) i\ttttii. It \tttslltlﬂll
the (irassy Knoll that /.tpttttlct tool "5
filth. and iltllltilL'tls ot sttctlaltlh \It"
the motorcade.

'l‘he (irassy Knoll \\:Is
where two escort pttltt‘c ollttcts
mediater following the lulu.“ '; Hm
shots- the place where. the) tcstthet. ).
believed the shots had been lllL'tI trou-

If one examines the Clltictlt‘c‘ at hanll.
then the “lone nut" theory Is not pith (Lu
And. if a multiple one lllll thcor) ‘5 ':
plausibkg their theconclttstotr lcatltttt.
to a conspiracy is itltcvntthhi

Perhaps the evidencethalc IV m
licient to warrant attothet' investigattt '

t
g.
i.

\ctl

also the plate
l.tll Illl-
I the

sets lh stil-

SEPTEMB

 

 

asinat ion

ll another should be conducted. it will he
a difficult process. I

Eighteen people. involved in sortie
manner with the assassimttion. either as
witnesses or reporters or such. died
between November. I963 and February.
I907. l'he causes of death are varied:
heart attack. suicide. murder. or natural
causes. As a matter of historical
relerencc. the Lotti/on 'l'inlto' did an ac—
tuttry and determined that the odds
against all eighteen people being dead by
l‘eht‘uary. I907 were one httndred thou-
sand trillion to one.

At anv rate. the decision brought about
by the Warren Commission is a hasty one
ai best. the investigation lasted only ten
months. and the conclusion drawn tip is
the stttnc one that many reporters and
witnesses had only two days after the
assassination.

Immediately prior to this shooting. ()s—
wald was asked if he had shot the Presi-
dent. He claimed that he had not‘hcett
charged with that. and that he was “Just a
patsy.“

Whether or not Oswald really pulled
the trigger might always remain a
mystery. It does not sectn as though any
ollicittl investigation will be conducted
again. In place of that. there is an
organization known as the Committee to
Investigate Assassinations \\ilIL‘|l
operates nationwide. lhis committee
attempts to dig up and expose eudenee
concerning not only the .I|-'K assassmnf
tion. but also those of Robert l‘.
Kennedy. Martin Luther King. Malcolm
X. and the shooting of (ieorgc Wallace.

'I‘here are too many loose ends floating
around for all these assassinations to be
there coincidence. the only possible
answer is that there is an organized Cott-
Spirttcy in Atnerica to assassinate promi—
nettt figures. And the governtnent cannot
stop it. or sitnply hasn‘t.

10. 1974

laprttder Pictures: Movie Frames of
Motoreade showing .I PK as bullet struck
hint.

ritually Shun I
ﬁrmly Saf-
t.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS '

 

 

 

