   
 

 

 

 
 

  
  
  
  

 
  
  

    
     
   

  
  
 

   
 

.V my a i ' ‘ '
And lllttolt up and say.inaniee‘
“f . .

     
   

   

I Linen! Judge. your honor. or what it
no he. . : v . ‘ .
_ ‘ I' It was you who taught crime. not
V my partner‘or me. '
_ You taught your children. as
, others have theirs. '
" ‘Lilt‘e‘somany people have done.
throudtouf the years. '
V ~To light‘ffor survival. no matter
what way. ’
To ﬁght to the ﬁnish. which could
be today.

       
        
 
  
  
   
 
   
 
  
 
   
  
 
  
    

ListenHou've seen me before. come
through that swinging gate.
Andiever‘sine’e then. I‘ve learned
to kill and to hate‘ff; " - ~ 
You may ruiyim‘ytiife. but you
don‘t run my niiild., 4”“
And you‘re too scared to enter.
afraid at what you may ﬁnd.
Because my mind is civilized.
mended and clean.
While-ryourwmind .iswsystemizcd.
bended rind mesh; ’ ' ‘ 
You don't really know. the true
meaning of kindness.
Or else you wouldn't be here. sur-
rounded by blindness. ‘ '.
»  All these people before you. that
«work by your side. :
' ‘Knowwwhat I‘m ‘saying..but the
.truth they must hide. v

They all here and laugh. at‘all who

pass by your chair.
, - . My dear sir listen. you had better
v‘ beware! - . . ,

 

‘   Emeline! I
' meeting

,.  "for Special:

' [Elvente Board

 .. ...1pm
- no. 375

l ‘ in. mm until yrs

 

 Sounds Great. 1818
1 1 NeXt to the Mohawk Drive-in Theater,

-To eeeza dayi, 
It i' i ilibon'ceived in fear’sarray'
   idiot-t ratio... 1

r I .Where‘no'rie net...

 

.“Btit simple timeedispelledthedoubt . -

V . (V . .
 Aslt for not what you want. but for A
what you can give. " .  ‘ '

mun” “mqu V V 0t games so clear
'V That. thing you today. 'cause for
once I've been taught. . , 3‘ for themselves and their brothers.
I The true meaning of life.at which”. . if “0‘ [0" “W in“. “thinnide '
i follow now. ' ' youand by others. < ' ‘
Please stop these people from ll'you‘d change yourways.there'd
clapping. fettuse l'm not going to be no need for hate.
bow. . - But, let‘s drop the subject. I have
No man needs applause. for an imPOI‘ltml dale. '
spreading the truth.
And it bringshappiness. so that's
enough proof. '
The true meaning of life. is to live
and let live.

 

You‘d see more peoplebustling.

 
 

Who could deny

"The football games. the month of
July

And yet the other appeared to me

A mismatch

So do as you will. whether
freedom of time.

I‘ve got to spread the truth. while
it‘s still fresh in my mind. i <
i“"""‘" - Before my mind withers and starts

I working like yours. I
l/tllllt‘s Decker is an inurqu of (‘uxi Because lwant to make peace.and
ism-Ho ('orrtct'limt I-‘ut‘i/I‘I)‘ stop these damned wars.
| -Jemee Decker

i_..-___.._______.i

tape deck. (tap)(glek),n.a recording device
originally utilizing wire, now using mag-—
net—ic recordingtape; an electrical process

A poor commodity

But still the choice. no choice at all

' To walk it down another hall
~G.T.

used-f,er reproducing voice, music, sound,

impulses and such; accomplished thru the,
magnetizing of magnetic
“particles on the tape
surface; found in a
number of designs
including cassette,
cartridge, open reel
or disc. And the one ‘ ,
"lace around that ‘
San show you the r:  .
advantages of " * * '

leach andlcvery type of such tape decks is
Central Ave.,Albany.

  
 
  
 
 

 

"“D‘A‘Al

 

 

macs-as

 

L. landed by student association.

‘ implore you always get the best deal around.

,.  rd:-.ALBAINYliS’liUbENTd’RESS ., ,V’QCIQBsR 25, 1974

.-

 
 
  
 
   
   
 
  
    
    
    

  

 

 

;, u we .. no»... a“... 

.3... riwitcmsnw‘ ~,—:-._:;‘;;jh

 
 
 

 

    
  
     
      
       
      
       
     
     

‘ .anJAporectetton

I 3. _ ‘1'othe Editor:

There was an article in the Oct. 15 edition of
the ASP. the whole“ purpose of which was to.
mock the performance of the Hanneford Cir-
cus at SUNYA gym Oct. 13. This article in-
curred my wrath. since myasscssmentof the
pcrfonnanoe was entirely the opposite.

i must confess that as a sophisticated college
student I felt that the childish joys of a circus

i were behind me. And yet I found myself awed

by the unaffected kinetic majesty of the cats.
bewitched by the lovely lady performers. by
their strength. by their intriguing costumes. I
laughed uncontrollany at the cavorting of the
clowns (a dog runs out and pulls the pants off
ofa man justas he isask‘ng forapplausc. How
perfectl). admired the difficult acts of the ar-
tists which seemed to surpass even those of
athletes because they were done with grace
and flourish.

i wanted to run outand embrace the artists
and even clumsilyjoin their acts. i felt shecpish
and wondered why i was so easily ravishcd.
Perhaps it was because the circus was so alien
to the penury of my school day routine. was so
gratuitously excessive and fantastical (like the
garish colors found everywhere). was so
grotesque (and by this I mean not that it was
offensive but that it indicated basic human
movements that were grotesque because they
were so human). or perhaps it was my con-
tinual sflrprise at the essentially purposclcss
yci wonderfully mysterious variety of skills
man and creatures under his direction.
possess.

And yet. on another level. how right was the
contempt of the two young journalists for the
institution of the circus—an institution that.
as we know. may soon be condemned to obli-
vion. Yes. how superior the institution of
academia is! An institution where students
like Kclbick" and Abbey can. through the
august calling of their conceit. move into
stations of high power and inﬂuence in socie-
ty. asjournalists. as professionals of all sorts
do. It is a professionalism which unlike that of
thccircus artists will not be based on talent but
on an officially certiﬁed expertise. The univer-

sity is like a king compared to the poor pauper
of the circus! So while these noble and hard
working circus artists (in the best sense of the
word). who had come all the way from

 

Alabama. were sweating Sunday afternoon to
entertain us for 75¢. these two pompous jour-
nalists sat and watched. bragging of their cott-
lcmpt and derision. “We were so disap-
pointed" they poutcd. claiming to speak for
"us" (Who are “we"'.’)

They were disappointed because some of
the performers seemed to be “old and not us-
pccially glamorous." because certain slips oc-
curred. bccause the cats were bored (Whirl
should one have done? Aggravated them with
sticks so that they would growl and pace
about'?). because they didn't find the clown
acts funny. etc. They were disappointed. in
short. becausetheperformancedid not. accor-
dmll to them. live up to the high standards by
which a college student should beentcnained.

N0. these strong and talented people ac-
quitted themselves well Sunday even though
their mention was not perfect. (For example.
in the second performance. the young man fcll
several times before he successfully somer-
wulted backwards from one running horse to
another that was behind him.) But these litiws
shalt/ed us that these artists wanted to go to the
Very limits of their skill. that they wt-ré not
“mm to do what was certain to he

OCTOBER 25, 1974

successful. Thus. they earned the right to

represent the circus. They are the circus. and '
what‘ it means: a display of skill and the simple
generosity of entertaining a stranger. ‘i

. Lawrence Allen

The Trompled Sector

To the Editor:

Why don't Puerto Ricans go back to where
they came from? Why are Puerto Ricans here
to begin with? To answer these questions. one
must understand the realities that we face.

There are about two million Puerto Ricans
in this country where we comprise one of the
most oppresscd. discriminated and trampled
sectors of society. ‘

For us. these conditions can betrnccd to the
colonial status of Puerto Rico. and the total
control of U.S. corporations and the US.
government over the political. social and
economic institutions of our nutiott.

The tigly reality of Puerto Rico has forced
many of us to come to this country in search of
jobs and a better way of life. Here. we have
found ourselves subject to urban slums or
dccrcpit migrant camps. to substandard
health care. and a racist and inadequate
education We hold the lowest paying jobs
with horrible working conditions. suffer ram-
pnnt unemployment and face the problems of
drugs and alcoholism which result from a
marginal cxistcncc.

'l'licsc realities have not gone unchallenged.
liver sincc the I898 invasion of Puerto Rico by
US. troops. we have waged an unrelenting
battl'c to gain our sovereignty and in-
dependence. The indcpcndcnce movement is
growing iit leaps and bounds along with the
workers movement. and has won significant
victories in the UN. World Peace Council.
and the Conference of NonvAiigncd Nations.

In 1976. the us. will be celebratifigf'it‘s'
lefith anniversary as a nation. it is ll force to '
speak of commemorating the H76 revolution
against colonialism while denying freedom to
another people.

The light of the Puerto Rican people is also
the fight of all North Americans. Starvation
wages for Puerto Ricans kccp North
American wages down,

The October 27 rally in support of Puerto
Rican independence is a boon for freedom attd
against the anti-worker policies we all face.
The moment of unity for all progressive forces
is here. Black. White and Puerto Rican
students from SUNYA will be part of the 20.-
000 who will demand a Bi-Ccntcnnial without
colonies!

Buses will be leaving from Draper and from
the Circle at 7:30 am. on Sunday. and will be
returning around 8:00 pm.

IN DEPENDENCE FOR PUERTO RICO!

.illllll Tito Melendez

The Real Truth

To the Editor:

l’robubly somewhere in between the
linsilnnd Report on marijuana and that oftht:
Shafcr Commission lies tilt: real truth about
marijuana. 0n the other hand. NORMLdocs
not have a monopoly on the truth either. it is
unfortunate lillll “studies” still often fail to
tlclinc what the) are talking about in terms of
quality and quantity of product.

This much is Irut': marijuana is not a IuIa/ly
innocuous substance iii any of its many forms
and slrcnglhs.

Not to consider and study possible connec.
tions between marijuana on the one blind and
irresponsible bcltuvior. rudicalism. loss ofgoai
orientation. and a variety of personality
changes on the other would be less than pru-
dcnl especially in a society as highly
mcclutni/ctl as ours. lwant my plane pilot to
smoke a butt not a joint.

The possible implications of a variety of
drugs. including even some “legal” ones. on
behavior in general as it is manifested daily
through li‘it' net/ts media at both high and low
I.» 'l t. .t .ubjcct to which tillofus should give
gl‘“ 2! .ii oi thought. Among the stated ways
t-i tientt‘uylllg capitalism. involvment of it
nation's youth on drugs is one. On the other

or
political len '

aspirin mlrljiilltl stat

keepwon .
Report may rt bee/l wrong just
pot smokers want it to be. ' '-

  

   

From Both Sides

To the Editor:

The Circus ticket give-away has become an
overblown issue stemming from equally
erroneous claims launched by both sides. One
side claims evidence of graft and corruption.
while the other contends that the practice in-
volved was it most beneficial one. in actuality.
there are short-comings with both positions.

Wayne Halpcr had a valid grievance when
he raised his charges. He feltwronged because
be bad to pay 75c for admission to the circus
while some 30 students were allowed free on-
trance for no better reason than their
previously shown indifference to the event.
'l‘bcrclorc. l was more than glad to instruct
' him its to the correct mechanism for ﬁling such

a grievance. through the Ombudsman. I
would not have opposed a decision by the 0m-
budsman to refund the 75c to anyone who felt
entitled to it. However. this was not tbs case.
as the Ombudsman. Jay Miller. ruled Mr.
Huipcr's grievance invalid. In any event. the
tickets should not have been given out. and l
consider Put Curran's claim that this action
was "making good use of leftover tickets" to be
indefensible. >

For Mr. Hulpcr to charge that the incident
illustrated graft and corruption on the part of
S.A. if. to blow the issue out of all proportion.
The obvious comparison. here would be the
Miami ticket scandal. a true example of graft
and corruption. As the chairperson of the
committcc’which investigated that SCillldlli. i
feel qualiﬁed to comment on the issue. The
people involved in the Miami affair achieved
their gain lit the expense of othcrcs interested
in the satire tickets; however. everyone desir-
ing admission to the circus was granted on-
trance. The Miami participants used their
SA. positions for their own personal gain: by
giving Circus tickets for free. Speakers‘ Forum
Chairperson Rich Edclman could have made
no such gain.

l consider the whole matter to be nothing
more than ti mistake in judgement on tile part
oi Mr. lidclnuin. l'o giveaway free tickets was
unfair to those who paid. During my cum-
puign ittsl spring. l pledged that i wouldn‘t
tolcrulcuny Minmi-likcttctions. i still stand by
that commitment. but I will not ask for Mr.
l:tlulmun‘s resignation. His actions hurt no
one and were of no benefit to himself.

i thank Mr. Htilpcr for bringinglhc matter
to our attention. It is. however. most unfor-
tunate that such exaggerated responses were
provoked on the part of Messrs. ilalper and
Curran.

Ira Birnbaum
Vice President. Student Association

Clearing It Up

To the Editor:

Upon my reading of the letters to the Editor
in Tuesday's issue of the ASP. i feel that the
situation involving my deciding to form a

committee to investigate corruptionpnd graft  I

in our Student Association needs to indicated
'up once and for all.

ALBANY STUDENT‘PRESS

.Centra’l council on Septemberl I. l91

l formed as scone pouiblehad report

Association ofﬁces everyday ' _,

, eti‘ ‘-
"that In attrition the pine
T'lo be a member of that

 
   
 

Imult poitltbtlt tliit this autos-paucity ,
tntttef

bill. it stated that the; committee was to be -'
' ' backlo-

Central council ‘on Octo '
Being fully aware

a member of thecon'lmittedl
chairman of it). 1 went upr

October 9 to find who else was on the com-
mittee so that we might get going already. in
Birnbaum. the Student Association ‘Vicee,
Prcsident.’will verify the fact that i
there as often as l have claimed. . . ,. I .

l was give a complete run-around. at
least 5 occasions. David Coyne.ex-Chairrnan ‘
of Central Council. told me.“Don‘t botherrne ,
now. i have more important things to do.”So.
in effect. {10 committee was formed by out Stu-
dent Association even though the bill dictated
that one be formed and reportback by Oct. 9.

I have decided to form my oWn committee.
without the help of our Student Association.
If they (and speciﬁcally. Pat Curran. Student
Association President) were so interested in
seeing that this committee was really formed.
why didn't they get their shit together: Once
again. the Student Association is tryingtojerk
us off". On one hand they say that they want to
investigatethecorruption and graft (which we
all know is present). yet on theotherhand.they
say “Fuck Off“. we‘re clean.

'l hesc arc the reasons that l have decided to
take the matter into my own hands. I would
like to thank the many people who have called
me up and given me information. Once/again.

I stress that ailcorrcspond‘e‘nc'es with me will
be kept in utinostdcﬁnfjldyc'nce” lcan be reached
at 489-2497. Thank-you all. I,

Wayne R. Halper

Sexism Strikes“

To the Editor:

I am sick'and tired of beingconfronted with
I’Iui'lm)‘. I’t'mlmuxt' and all the rest of that
sexist shit cverytime I go into the SUNYA
bookstore. These magazines degrade and op-
press all females. selling them for the pleasure
of men.

If these magazines were racist instead of
sexist either the university would have enough
prctcnlions of liberalism not to sell them or
‘llluck. Puerto Rican. Asian ctc.. students
would demand their removal from the
bookstore. Since they're“only“ sexist not only
does that make it all right but some Third
World “Brothers” buy them! The bookstore
should be a place where everyone can go to
find worthwhile books and magazines. not
where half the people are degraded and sold.

Nancy McNamara

Municipal Reality

To the lidlior:

Regarding lilt: urticlc "Once Upon a Time in
Washington Park" in 'l'ucsday‘s ASP. 1 am
forced to question Michttcl Mcad‘s sense of
reality it he can experience sensations such as
those described. from u municipully planned
park.

Washington Park. with its gardener-kept
green grass. tree organilution und tainted lake
is bill a semblance of that which is genuine.

(lrttcc Jordan

It'flt'rx (‘tllllillllt’tl on page ten

 

The Albany Student Press meme 1 I
sale right to prlnl or edit Letters to the
Editor. Letters should be I ypewri'tten and
submitted to CC 326 to be cliglbleJ'ar cani
alderman.

Keep those card and letters coming}I
‘ olltsl

 

 

 

PAGE NINE

 
 
 
 

 
  
   
    

  
  
  

  

 
  

 

