buns)?» 5‘..—~.h. 1-way:- ¢ .. '

~ . .1»: .
4.. 1mm»,,. v. e. ..

 

  

     
   

   

  

   
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
    
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  

   
 

   

 
 

 

  
 
   
 
 
   

  

 
  
  

  
   

  
 

  

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

  

 
    

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

There's something about
an Amtrak train ride that
brings people closer and makes

‘.\\. everybody a little more sociable.

Maybe it's because for a couple of

hours you can forget the hassles

of the world outside and just relax
in a good, comfortable coach seat.
Maybe it’s the close-up view of the
scenery you get from Amtrak's
picture windows. You'll be surprised
how different everything looks when
you don’t have to watch out for other

cars.
Or maybe it's the fact you can
I get up whenever you feel '

I / like it. and grab a little V
,. ' something to eat or drink
at the snack bar or a lot to eat
at low prices in a dining car.

   

And speaking of low prices. Amtrak fares

are still very reasonable by today’s inﬂation-
ridden standards. Not as cheap as hitchhiking

perhaps, but a lot less than ﬂying. And when
you buy a long-distance ticket, you can get
off and on at any stop along the way.

On the same ticket.

On your next trip. come together with your

friends on Amtrak.

Amtrak»

 

  
 
 

we,” "Willi the trains worth traveling again.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

.. —. 79mm...“ Out 

by Gary Rosenberg facets of life and the many types. of ‘

 
  
 

  
 
  
  
 

 

 

  

  

 
 

ll-

 

 

 
  
 
   

  
  
  
  
 

   

  
  
 
 
   

  
 
 
 
 
   

      

$2M a
4—“

“9 “'::,_._ =

m

 

 

 

 

'.\

Every time the East European people that were involved in the
Jew was forced to leave his home world. A world that started in the
town. what he called the shtetle, be late 1700‘s and ended with the

retorted with the phrase "-we'll begin programs in the early l9th century.

again.” Indeed. everytime the Norman Swerling. a ‘natIVe of
Jewish people were persecuted in a Boston gothis early dramatic train-
parttcular country. theywould move ing in high school and at Boston

somewhere else and try to pick up College and Tufts University. Swerl- ,

their lives wherethey left off. Thisis ing has also appeared on network
history. television. summer stock and Off-
When Norman Swerling made his Broadway. He later matriculated at
entrance onto the stage in the P.A.C. Hebrew Union College. the
at SUNYA. no one was really sure seminary for reformed Judaism and
what he was goingto do or how he studied to become a cantor.
would do it. The plny‘s name was Cantor Swerling uses his past ex-
clear enough. “The World of the pericnce and education to presentan
Shtetle". but how would it be possi- interesting and enjoyable two act
'Ible for oneman to portray the many play. “The Worlde the Shtctle" is

DIfFiRENl Unuulul
CHRISTMAS GIFIS
from
VINDIA HAND_ICABA_F_‘I:§N

th onte and see rolorful gifts allow and ideal pines.

India Jewelry, Tops and Maxis.
35 Gorgeous Colors to Choose Fro
Hours: Mom-Sat. OIOOom-Bzoo pm.
II7B Western Ave. Albany. New York 12703
Phone ISIBi438-1914 pERF[(I

 

  

both a comedy and-a tragedy.'for it by Carol
shows how the Jewish people en‘s . An education program concer-
funny sort of people who take life for
what it is. but are also constantly
persecuted. and forced to leave their
homes. « ' ' ' _
Starks and Sonia (More. - tors wilt,bc availabledo, ansWer
[Swerlings‘ production is Jewish questions and to provide informa-
theatre. stories andtﬁong. Both acts lion: Dr. Harold Welch. Associate
of the playaretimilnrin theway the Professor of Surgery at Albany
characters are presented to a the Medical College. and Dr. Thomas
audience. That is. he walks on stage (‘aputo. Assistant Professor and
and creates the particularchuructcr Director ol' Gynecologic Oncology
by using makeup a few pieces of at Albany Mcdicttl College. A
clothing that heapplieswhile talking representative from Reach To
to the audience. Recovery will also be on hand to

ning breast and uterine cancer will be
presented Tueiday. December to

 

Movics‘willibe'shOwn two doe

Swerllng and Swelling p rot idc information about

The only conversation Is between rclntbilitation.
chrling and chrling.he at times Breast cancer is the foremost site
portrays two characters such as a of cancer incidence and death'in
Inanand his wife.or father and son. American women. At present rates.
'I‘hcactionisintcrspcrsed with songs one of cicry l5 American women
that he sings in Hebrew. Yiddish. oiildciclopthcdiscttscat sometime.
and Latino ( a mixture of Spanish l-larly diagnosis through self-
iIItd Yiddish). nomination and periodic checkups

by a physician arc of primary impor-

 

Bl' Dom sez...

 

lance in control of breast cancer.

At the present time. about 95% of
IT“ 5K3 om patients disctnct' tltcir cancers
tlIcInsclu-s through breast self-
t.‘\illltllli|litlll. I|o\\c\cl'. nll ltnnps in
tile breast ill'L' not malignant. (i5-iil)‘}ir
ol the biopsies Iiic bcIIign.

’ ‘ rnv ONE $.25

 

 

from am pan-10,100 p .  ',

  

  
  
 

 

Ioalizgd dilute. At
one attire tiny cells of the body
"dergoe‘san unfortunate ehan
becomes a malignant cell. on eer
'I’bc cancer cell reproduces‘itself.
dividing into two cells which in turn
rcdividc and so on. All the descen-
dttnts of the original under cell are
themselves cancer cells. ' ‘
the great majority of cancers
originate on the surface of tissues.
For a time. such cancers typically re-
main in the lining oron the surfaceat
the site of origin ("in situ“). Aftera
nhilc. some of the cancer cells
penetrate beyond the surface and in-
mdc the underlying tissues. This is
imasitc cancer. Aftcr invading. the
cancer continues to grow. But for It
time. the cancer cells may remain
more or less together as an intact
mass. sometimes spreading
irregularly. As long as all the living
cancer cells remit in'whcrc the disease
started. it is said to be localized.
’l'hc more dangerous phases of
canccr arc the later ones. Some of the
cancer cells eventually become
detached and are carried through the
lymph L ' or blood vessels to

 

  


"\\\

   

    

BATTERY-AC
CASSETTE
RECORDER

Reg. 59.95

49??

A great

\ SAVE $10
_\

“class-mate”! Features built—in
and external mikes, auto level
recording. tone switch. includes
earphone. carry strap.

systems.

 _. REIle Ihaek ,. ,y
 5 EXCITING GIFTS
WITH PRICE APPEAL!

 

Car Speakers

     
 

SAVE $10

RADIO SHACK“?
“SLIDE RULE"

CALCULATOR .
Reg. 79.95

699.5:

Solves simple
math to
scientific
problems! Floating decimal, change
sign key. With battery, AC adapter/
charger. carrying case.

 

 

 

REALISTIC‘B/

AM-FM DIGITAL

CLOCK RADIO
REALISTICW COMPACT AUTO 4995
AM-FM STEREO 8-TRACK PLAYER mm
RECE-“IER SYSTEM  Wake up to radio or buzzer!

95  Illuminated numerals. Snooze
 12-403 ‘2.er bar, Walnut grain case.

Compact stereo receiver with Fits most any car! Thumbwheel

AIM“

and you can
Quatravoxrm. Recorder. phone volume. balance. tone controls. p
inputs. Matched speaker See Our Complete Line Ol m [I ~‘ 

 

Westgate Shopping
Center
459-9208

 

_ EA rnnov CORPORATION COMPANV

DECEMBER 6, 1974

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

83-85 Central Ave. Rad.
DIAL.-

 loot for m. tr...

In m: might.th

 

 

 

PRICES MAY VARY AT INDIVIDUAL SIOIlES

other parts of the body. This process
is known as metastasis. But the body
hits a protective mechanism. The
detached canccrcclls may be trapped
in a lymph node in the region ol'thc
original organ. Iltis I'clurds tltc
spread lot It time. [his stage oi the
disease is known its regional involve-
Incnt.

ll left untreated tltc cancer cells
ctcttlunily spread to otltcr parts of
the body. This is advanced cancer.
Death is almost inevitable. although
not necessarily quick.

IlIc problem. therefore. is to
detect cancer bci'ot‘c it hits spread so
Illill it can be removed by surgery or
destroyed by radiation and or
chemotherapy.

Council Votes
0n Reciprocity

by Stephen Dzittanka

L'cIItral Council Wednesdaycvcn-
ing passed a bill cslablishinga policy
of reciprocity at SUNYA. This
means that any student attending
another SUNY achool which has it
similar policy will be granted the
tights and privileges of resident
students concerning the attendance
of student activity events here.
Iickcts for such activities will he
made available to resident students
first.

It is hoped that this action will be
an inccntivc l'or'othchUNY schools
to adopt a policy of reciprocity.

The annual yearbook Torch was
caught short of funds when they
decided to contract the second
lowest biddcr rather than the lchst
bidder for the publication of this
year's issue. The second lowest
bidder was the contpany the Torch
has used in recent years. The staff of
the Torch preferred to stay with this
company and requested additional
monies to make up the defccit. Cen-
tnIl Council voted to grant them the
extra funds. 8-7-3.

 

In other business. Council voted
to take a loan out of the Emcrgency
Spending Line and put the funds
into the Transportation Agency Ac-
count so that an cit-campus Am-
traek ticket office can be established.
The outlet will have Amtrack tickets
for New York. Buffalo,

 

Rochester. and Syracuse.

‘—

PAGE NINE

  
 
  

 
   
 
 
   
   
 

<~ rm~.-~.n—we.n~/~

