   
    
 
 
 
  
     
    
    
 

 

 

       
  
   

 
  
  

  
  

University

  
   
    
   
    
      
   
      
    
    
   
    
      
      
     
      
    
    
   
  
 
    
     
       
 
 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
  

 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

than

I ll-itlltll

  

 

   
    
    
   
    
      
   
    
     
   
     
      
     
   
  

'.. ‘t "lint.

 
 
 
   
    
    
    
    
   
     
     
    
   
    
    
 
  
 

t,
o.‘

u

 
 
  
   
   
    
    
 
 
   
   
 
    
    
 
 
    
     
   
     
      
    
      
    
   
 
  
  
   
    
 
     
      

  
  
      

NW). 15 foe
LVt/MS

., HOTNIRJ7

   
 

   

' \ 'A\\ {QYSEE $~'v.t\\‘t-—

  
    

 
 
  

 
   
   
 

  

    
 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS OCTOBER 8, 1974

RAGE 8P-

    
  

 

  
 
 

 

eﬂ‘ .'

"Souovv's Couse

To the Editor:

This letter is a response to the letter written
by Hal Malmut‘i _ appearing in this column
Tuesday. October I. I974. Mr. Malmud

‘vehemently objected to the following use of

the term squaw: “the brothers of STD and the
squaws of Seneca invite all university men...“

V Mr. Mttlmud was quite hot-headed and bitter

about the American lndian issue: however. we
believe he misdirected his points by confron-
ting Barry Sandberg. President of S'l‘li.

The letter continually pointed and referred
to Barry even thouglt the scope of the issue in-
volved much more than S'I'll‘s use of the
Algonquin term “squaw.” 'l'he imttge of Mr.
Malmud created by tltis letter is one of a per-
stm qttick to pick out an unintentiottal anti in-
nocent misttike iii semantics. a trivialty. To
our knowledge. there are no real squaws purse
in Seneca. just its there are no real brothers in
S'I'li. or Great Danes on our football team.

The gift of being human is being able to
cotnmunicate with a varied vocabulary that is
filled with colorful words that bring ottt
beautiful and creative thoughts. Mr.
Malmud‘s requests seem to ask for bland and
somber descriptions of ottr environment that
would take away the joy of exercising the
human imagination.

Our main objection is that such nit~picking
dentogogucry has been used to single ottt anti
a"ost art individual. Barty Santlberg and
SH) have been unjustly criti '/.ed. Mr.
Malmud's tnethod of attack was weak in that
these people became a medium for him to
ttclticve a political platform.

the Americatt Indian plight is an issue
worth clarifying to our university community.

 

 

’and much thanks should be given to Mr.

Mttlmud for his concern
Gayle Knibloe. ll.A.. Seneca Hall
Itonnie Friehling. R.A.. Onondaga i'itlii

Brove Reply

To the Editor:

‘When lose a word.“ Humpty Dumpty said
in a rather scornl'ul tone. “it means just what I
choose it to meow—neither more nor less."

Lewis Carroll

It never ceases to amaze me how people can
use semantics as a tool. The word “squaw” as

' defined by three major dictionaries refers to a

North American woman or a wife. 'l'rue.
sqttaw might have other meanings and con-
notations. but meaning is certainly dependent
upon the context of the message. From a sim-
ple rush poster. Hat Malmud has inferred
something which I never implied. Unfor-
tunately he wanted to see the word squaw as
beittg derogatory and repulsive and so to hitn
it wasjust that. To Inc it was a witty attetnpt at
ttssitnilating the women of Indian quad ttnti
the brothers of STD with no ntaliceintended.
My role as president ofrt Greek orgattilation is
to assist in integrating the university com-
munity. certainly not to segregate or
stereotype any group.

At first I did not realize how he could pttt
"spam" in the shine paragraph as nigger. spic.
and hike. lint. then his intent became very
clear to the. lie is obviously ttn opportunist
since he takes advantage of situations well.
from the word squttw. he goes on to attack my
Ignorance and then attack the prejudice and
hypocrisy of tny country anti its institutions.
"e “M he speaks of peace and brotherhood
and tile ottly words the White innn seems to
understand are those of violence untl Ctiltit'otr
"lilo". Tell me. who is tloingthe slet'eoh pt‘
ltttd committing the injustice? l \tonttt ‘

' Purpose in writing this letter was to al- J

“Sonia word on a poster or a way to tho. to
"If his Political views on a nation. I agt ee tull-

OCTOBER 8. 1974

 

heartedly with the cause of the Indian People.
but I refuse to be a scapegoat or an excuse for
the problems facing our nation today. es-'

pecially when he refuses to acknowledgethe .
lact that he is also part ofthis nation. and there-.

fore also is part of the problem. We must all
acknowledge our responsibility to our nation:
a nation composed of all types of people.

Although his letter has some valid
arguments. it is composed of ‘g 'uttions.
over-simplifications and OVCf'td 1
Sigma Tau Betti has always‘work’cd toward
the goal of concern and respect for all
people —no matter what backgrotmd. Only
four years ago. ottr fraternity sponsored a
food fast for the American Indian. And so. as
long as l tttn president of this organization. I
will pttt all of my “cleverness” towards keeping
S'l'li anti integral. functioning part of ottr un-
l\‘L‘I‘Sti_\’ community.

  

 

Barry Sandherg
President. S‘I‘H

Plugging Awoy

To the Editor:

I ltmm' that Linda \Vcinstoek is not to
blatnc for what went on in the electiondown-
town because no one cottld have regulated
that election. it was such a ciretts. Keepingthat
central cottncil election hottest and clean could
be compared in difficulty tokceping the W722
Presidential campaign honest and clean.

Considering:

1) It‘s tltc lirst tintc elections were held in the
tall.

3) lhe experienced connnissioner is gone
and no one was trained in her place:

.1) It‘s only the thirdtimcelcetionswcrcltcld
itt so many places at once:

4) One of the candidates downtown ap-
parently forgot he was running:

SlAnother one of the cattditlates downtown
moved off campus in the middle of the elec-
tion:
ti) l'he remaining candidates were all vigorotts
(to say the least) campaigners:

7) I’Ite very experienced poll watchers were
accepting meal cards in lieu of tax cards for
people who wanted to vote.

Linda Weinstockdid the best job she could.
which was a plug-up-the-leaks-as-they~nppear
job.

Anyone else would ltave produced the same
mess. and Linda Weinstock should not be
singled ottt for hlatne.

Susie chofl'

United We Stand

To the Editor:

Concerning your front page article “Coun-
cil Voids Some Elections; Extends Others
l'ltrough lotlay.“ there are many factual
errors and misqttotes under the “United Way"
subtitle. l‘it'sl at all. i did say "I want“ but
quickly amended it to "‘l'he United Fund
wishes'." (this happened two or three times.) I
Ilt‘l't'l' used the term “embarassed” if the drive
hills. I simply stated that “it would be a poor
rellet'tton on the University." As lot‘ the
nmoitnt oi times i stood. II was twice. Initially
I stood to be introduced and toallow everyone
to become acquainted “Hit me: | sat letti-
ptll‘tll'il) to conterwith President Curran tttid
resumed in) standing position.

the ~l.\'l’ anti the United Way should be
working ltattti-itt-hand to tnttkc this tltc best
possith “United Day of l-‘ttn for the United
Wat." We're a model university: the lust ever
to include stutlentsin itstlrtvc. Anti. thcaccep-
lance |'\c gottcit from other \ottt'ccs has been
Itintasttc; a simple look at the Central Conti-
ctl‘s \ote outcome |Il-.l~.l npptopt'inttng
Stitltltlt) [\Itltl oil as a loan) reﬂect: that. i.tl\t)

h.t\ t' li‘ - l ‘ t holtltttga lttllit'.liit: ilillL‘l‘llIltL‘s
I | .l Sallt' mass-etball game and
t- t.Il||lIl oi the |‘.\t' thtaek

m. u. t‘(' lot Iltetlance that e\cn-

r. m t  oegtn tocoto't the people who

St‘dtt‘ilt'tl me out to otter their special

\t'llt'L‘S So. p anally the nnsquotes atttl un-

true, facts don‘t injtt me. hit lieyrlot'eIIt

poorly on the UnitcdfFund; a he people pa" ’

ting the “United my" together and th' e
whose areas benefit d‘ ectly from the.United
Fund.‘ " '-“' I v  i r "

I would like a positive working with the
ASP forthis very itaporlamday: so very many
people in the Tri-Cities area are dependingpn
us: on the United Fund. Within the article:
please don’t let petty mistakes and the dwell-
ing on unimportant trivia take any attention

- aWay from our goal: to help the many people

helped by the United Fund. and to providethe
University students with adayofpleasure‘that
they will remember and a day to be justly
prottti of. i '
(Miss) Lee Anne Roberts
Chairperson. United Fund

P.S. Mr. Lew Barr: Yourtaste in legsisgoodl

Report Distorts

To the Editor:

The page one story in Friday's ASPtOct. 4).
“Council Voids Some Elections.“ was a very
shoddy piece ol‘jottrmtlism. It is terribly dis-
heartening to see so many factual mistakes.

First of all. I fail to see a direct connection
between Linda Weinstock‘s role in the Miami
bits ticket fit co and her dtttiesa '- 'ting elec-
tion etnnmissioner. The reporters failed to
make that connection. Atttt)I_t'rtttrtI.rit' quoting
sotnc “SA oi'ficial‘s opinion of Linda was a
very nasty and totally unprol'cssiomtl cttt at
her presentation. Furthermore. the writers
reported that Linda "(I/lt‘gt’t/il‘ reserved 6-8
free tickets for herself" for the trip to Miami
last year. Those "reporters" have one hell oi'a
lot of nerve printing allegations without
bothering to ask Linda ltcr side of the story.
I‘ve made the stttne mistake tnyself and |
reali/c how much damage can be caused by
such irresponsibility.

We have had all kinds of problems with the
elections. As I told the reporter. no one was
trained last year to serve as election com-
missioner this year. Linda reluctantly agreed
to help me out with this early in the semester.
and she isdoing the best jobshecan. Ultimate-
ly. of course. I mttst take reponsibility for the
foul-tips we have had with the electionszand I
(in. As soon as the smoke elettrs. we will begin
training. thoroughly. people to run elections
during the remainder of this year. and years
following. We have learned a lesson.

The account of the United Way debate and
Lee Anne Roberts‘ role was ttot much better.
the reporters tell its that “Several members (of
Central Council) appeared to be annoyed."
Nowhere do those reporters quote a Council
metnber or back up that opinion with some
substantive examples.

I‘inally. Lew liarr‘s sexist remark was un-
fortunate and lit very poor taste. It doesn‘t ruf-
fle my feathers. but it could hurt Lee Anne‘s
ellorts to make the United Way drive
successful. Perhaps her selfless dedication to
an ttntlcnittbly worthy cause knocked some
people off balance. Let‘s keep things in
perspective from now on.

     

Put Currttn
President. Student Association

 



   

7 wt... he
htt'ntorous

your money or sell you his‘rreli
perspective is eventfunnicr from the other side.
I used to sell candlesand religion on the streets
of NYC for the Unification Church. I must say
it was a weird experience. I believed in what I
was doing but nevercxperienced God or joy or
love like I wanted to.

I got to talk to alot of people and I‘d con-
tinually run across followers ol'this particular
(iurtt. 'I‘hey‘d be smiling and joking and they
were telling me about this beautiful light inside
that you could see in a dark room with your
eyes closed. Then there was this energy inside
that keeps you alive and if you concentrate on
it it‘s like being connected to the source of
love. They called this energy the Word/and
said you can feel it all the time ifyou want and
it just brings so much peaceand calm andjoy.
I went to a few meetings and l was convicned
that these people were definitely experiencing
something althouin I had no real idea what
they were talking about. I was interested and
so when I heard that the (iuru would be speak-
ing in Chicago. I went.

I tll‘t'i\ ed in my normal state: nearly broke. I
went to the ashram tlarge house) that lhad the
address of. They found ntea place to stay and
| and 700 others like the ate in shifts iii the
backyard. They didn‘t ask for any money.
which surprised me. and occasionally they‘d
pass the hat when they ran ottt of money for
food. Most of'thc jeople didn‘t ltave any
money so they tlitint give any.

We llii stayed for two weeks and heard peo-
ple talk about this beautiful meditation (which
is also taught for free). People would describe
their experiences with this meditation and
you‘d just fall in love with the people because
the experiences were so beautiful and it made
the people radiant.

I stayed and saw the Guru. The experience
was unspeakable. How can you describe it‘.’ I
just felt that I was ill the presence ol'someonc
who Knew. I mean Knew what this wltolelife
is ahottt. l'his peaceful f- 'tstie energy just
emanated from this kid. Iwas really impressed
and I asked to be shown this meditation called
Knowledge. A tettcher sttt me and a number of
others down and touched us on the forehead
and we saw light inside. He then showed us
how to experience the Word and music inside.
I‘ve been meditating for over it year and I
can‘t describe how beautiful some of tlte ex-
periences I‘ve had are. So if people are in~
tcrested in this we have talks about this
Knowledge on Monday nights at 7:30 in CC
373 and on 'l'hursdays throuin Sunday at J93
Washington Ave. (across from Draper Hall)
or call 465-li425 for information.

 

Ray l’ortunato
President Divine Light Club

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
    
    
  

