 

 

.»?P'tk‘T'TJT-C .. . :—

 

.,~.,«.~».tc..u.._...w.wmuw“, “A

by the trustees of the Smith estate. who
e’ment Greenberg. painter Robert
attorney be how. ‘

tissues u it Buditilt bring! to the exhibition the

_ rare kind of sensibility about photographingart that can
' come on y

m a photographer who has spent most of

' 'his,adult ‘ e in friendship and emotional kinship with

majors ists'of the day. '

Over the years..Budni|t has accumulated a signiﬁcant

' list pf professional credits including frequent con-

: ‘tributions‘ to- the "me-Life Wilderness Series and

' photographs which have appearedin Realities. Sports-ll-

Iusi'rated; Inﬁnity. Vogue. Glamour. Holiday. Venture.

 Life. and Look.

, During the past year. Budnik began to look over some
of the older photographs and compare them with more
recent ones and he became concerned about the changed
condition of a number of works. Some of the painted
steel constructions had lost much of their paint over the
years. and in some instances. had become eroded. It was
also apparent that other pieces at Bolton Landing had
“undergone startling alterations since the artist's death,"
in the words of Rosalind Krauss. a scholar who has
written extensively on Smith‘s work. In an article written
for the September) October issue ‘o‘fA N in. Americaand
illustrated by Dan Budnik‘s photographs. Ms. Krauss
poses the question: “Is a Smith of another color still a
Smith?” , . ,

“Albany Medical Center Perceived”. a second Dart

iBudniIt exhibition. presents a series of photographs

taken over l5 ymrson periodical visits beginning in I959
when the young Budnik was sent to Albany on assign-
ment by the renowned Magnum Agency in New York.
Jack Cassidy. public relations director for the medical
center. says of Budnik's work that it is “a solid body of
photo-joumalism that conveys the very nature. mood.

- and mission. not only of the Albany Medical Center. but

of teaching centers everywhere. A recurring theme of his

~ Medical Center photos is the triumph of the human spirit

in the face of pain and adversity.“

ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ

“Terminal Iron Works“ and “Albany Medical Center'

Perceived” can be seen at the University Art Gallery until
Nov. l7. Gallery hours are Monday through Friday from
9a.m. to '5 p: m.. and on Saturday and Sunday between I
p. m. and 5 pm.

LONDONtAP) Britons chose a n, {government Thursday in an election
ﬁlled with fears for their future. The'outcome rested with four million on.
decided voters. ' ’ , . A '

All major opinion surveys made Prime Minister Harold Wilson‘s
Laborites runaway favorites to beat Edward Heath's opposition Conser-
va‘tivesl'l‘ '

But the pollsters. whose forecasts misﬁred in the country's past two elec-
tions. allowed for upsets.

A late shift toward. the Conservatives by the uncommitted voters could cut
into 'Wilson's popular rating. A big break-through by Jeremy Thorpc‘s
Liberals and Scotland's Nationalists could yield yet another stand off result_

This would leave” either Wilson or Heath leading minority goVernmcnts.

It was chilly and wet in much of Britain. Bomb scares disrupted trafﬁc in
Belfast,an incendiary device went off in the ofﬁce of the right-wing National
Front on Birmingham. and Liberal and Labor headquarters in London had
to deal with bomb hoaxes. ~

STOCKHOLM. Sweden (AP) Three scientists whose pioneering work in
the United States contributed to research on cancer. hardening of the ltrlcrics
and mysterious hereditary diseases were awarded the I974 Nobel Prize for
physiology or medicine on Thursday.

The 924.000 prize was shared equally by naturalized American Albert
Claude. a 75-year-old native of Belgium who directs the Institut Jules llortlct
at Brussels University; British-born Christian de Dave. 57. who Works ill
Rockefeller University in New York; and Romtinian-born George l’ttludc.
62. who heads the cell biology section at Yale University‘s School ol
Medicine.

The three. whose major work was done at the Rockefeller Institute in New
York. now known as Rockefeller University. were cited for being “largely
responsible for the creation of modern cell biology" through “lbcir dis-
covcrics concerning the structural and functional organization ofthe cell.“

Their work showed how cells secrete substances essential to life. and how

' " " ccll units dispose of worn out parts and defend against forcign

 

EILEEN?- Qiifﬂ‘lll} IBIJGJBDM

 

 

 

 

1:30 &
(tst
lC-IO

~couture

 

accuse
m.“
I i A: ‘

AsRIBsrmputit.“ThsrebasuelterbernevarymM"
TiwD'uctonComvm'rtarnONul' APet Boedmovicblhodoction‘MPERMOON'
c - Msdsthn-Joivr Tmii'mhgrmomamtra.
_  mw-Mamnma-Asanm'tyusmsma
[Em-ml Ducted and Edited by Peter Bogdmo'vich -A Planer-ti Release

funded bystudent association

D

 

 

.igxt

 

PAGE TWO

Friday 8 Saturday Oct. II&I2
 with tax card $I.25 without

funded by student. association

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

_ organisms like bacteria. the Royal Caroline Institute. which ttwrtrds the

Nobel Prize. said.

(.‘AIRO (AI’) Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger met with Egyptian
Foreign Minister Ismail Fahmy on Thursday. the second day of his new
round of Middle East peace talks.

Later. after the daylight hours Moslem fast, Kissinger was to meet ttgtutt
with President Anwrtr Sadat to discuss the possible participants. font ms and
timing for the next stage of peace talks between the Arablands attd lsrttcl.

' From the start of this sixth Middle East mission by Kissinger since the ()c-
tober war: a year ago the need was clear to consider seriously the chance o1
renewed Soviet inlluence in Cairo. -

WASHINGTON (AP) Wholesale prices in September advanced ut the
slowest rate in II months. providing'the Ford administration with its best
economic news since taking ofﬁce.

The government's Wholesale Price Index. reported Thursday by the Labor
Department. rose an adjusted one-tenth of a per cent last month. In ttbstrltllc
terms. without adjustment for seasonal influences. the index actually declin-
ed one-tenth of a per cent.

While the report was encouraging. consumers can expect sharp increases
in the cost of living over the next few months as it result of the near rccord
July-August wholesale price hikes which have yet to work their way into
retail.

The latest wholesale price report also could prove to bc a onc—niontb
aberration since poor weather has hurt full grain harvests. which could send
farm prices climbing.

. WASHINGTON (AP) Senate Democratic Louder Mike Mansfield stud
Thursday that President Ford's anti-inﬂation progrrtm resembles the “initdc-
quatc" Nixon administration policies. while many Republican Cltllditiillcs
bucked away from Ford's, surtax proposal.

Mansfield told Democratic senators IhllI Congress would givc lllv
President's plun “every consideration" but said nccdcd action gocs hcyontl
"lo-pout! programs which begin with the imposition of greater tux hurtlclls
on families with annual incomes of $|5.000.

“Whttt has been advanced as a remedy for our situation bears too Close it
resemblance to tire ﬁscal and monetary policies which have long proved In M
inadequate to meet the emergency." the Montana Democrat sttid.

Mttnsltcld said Congress should consider wage. price. rent and prolit con»
Holst rationing and strict conservation of fuel and other scarce Innlcl'iﬂlh;
 controls. and revival ofthe Reconstruction Finance Corp. to aid ruling

s ncss.

BQS'I‘ON (M?) MﬂyOr Kevin H. White snidThursday that President l-ord
has inflamed reststance to integration. White refused to accept any new bus-
"‘II Plans untrl the federal government protects school children.

v Me‘mWhllei sporadic violence continued in a black neighborhood llh
schools‘cotnplctcd their fourth week under an integration plan ordcrctl by it
US. District Court judge.

Whttc said he would not cooperate with it more extensive integration
program scheduled to begin next September unless the federal government
Spells out when it wrll call in troops and marshals and unless it helps pity ""
police protection.
ﬁcgowever. the White Housequickly said there will be no federal ltclp ut pru-

Whm it no reason to send federal marshals." said Deputy thitc llousv

)
_ I rent Secretary John Hushen. "The maintenance of law and order in lloston

"Uh" 1"" “m 0‘ “if! authorities and secondly of state authorities."
n ?nhwwnewny. President Ford said at a news conference that busing "‘V‘“
o t e best solution to quality education In Boston.“
4'.

OCTOBER 11, 1974

 

bylobM-yer" ‘5; I ‘ ‘1  
President Ferd‘s economic proposals announced-
earlier; this week will affect most taxpayers minimally. : "
serve as a jsomewh‘at. encouraging word' to‘ the un-‘
employed, but actually do little to relieve
the national and world economic crisis.
The President. wearing a button‘on his
lapel noting the Word “win”. may have
contributed yet another economic term. It

may be called “buttonomics”.

News
Analysis

Buttonomics is similar to Nixonomics in that both
policies are cosmetic in nature; fail to provide the
necessary steps to turn the economy around. and both
policies attempt to appease tltc plight of the world
economic institutions while concentrating less on the
pligltt of thc working citizen.

The 5% surcharge forone year on corporations and on
those families earning in excess of l5.000annually could
slow down the rate of inflation. but so far the legislators
appear to be in no rush to raise taxes of middle income
votcrs before the November elections. In addition. it
appears likely that there will be some tax relief for low
and moderate income families; however. if sufﬁcient tax
revenues do not come in from unpopular tax increases or
signiﬁcant government spending cuts. ottr budget deficit
would be increased furthering the downward economic
trend.

. This damned ifyou do. damned ifyou don‘t effect is in
no way limited to the tax incentive.

For example. the I3-week extension of beneﬁts to
those unemployed who have exhausted their other
benelits. plus the creation of a public work corporation
in the likely eventuality of a 6% unemployment figure.
can only increase the budget deficit and increase the in-
flation spiral. of course these steps are necessary. but
they serve only to illustrate the complexities of this
economic “stagnation”. and the problems inherent in
correcting bttsic economic delcmmus.

The President proposed legislation that would make
more home mortgages available via a new federal aid
program. It must be obvious to Ford that such an
attempt is sure to create higher inflation as people
borrow more money from money markets resulting in
higher interest rates.

The $3 billion ltc proposes to use to support the housing
industry will not pull the industry out of its
dcprcssionury state. Besides the Scrrntc Iittnking Com-
mittee has already provided a bill that would allocate 10
billion dollars to aid in mortgages. Undoubtedly Ford
reasoned tbttt keeping it at a relatively low figure of 3
billion dollars would spare the nation anotltcr rapid rise
in the cost of living.

What emerges from ttll of this is a feeling by many

analyststhat'the entire prism taken ass whole is weak v E
and does not meet the demands‘of an economic ‘etttergen- r ‘

This attitude is clearly reﬂected in the market."Wall ’ J
Street has suffered the most serious erosion of capital in- I ’
vestments since the Depression.The Dow Jones Average I ,

.hovers somewhere around the 600 level/when only'two~ ’
’ years ago it was near a thousand.,thus signalling a 40%

loss in value of stocks for many investors. There is no

v sign that Wall Street has bottomedout: in fact the open-

ing session just following Ford's address revealed a
moderate decline ~apparently cool reaction to the plan.
Certainly investors base their buying on the future
prognosis of economic trends. ‘

The investors arefrightencd and many brokers are
seriously discussing the prospects of a market collapse.
Such an event Would virtually guarantee an economic
crisis of the kind not seen since the I930’s.

If all this were not enough to create serious consterna-
tion and fear among investors and economists. the oil-,
producing nations are slowly and deliberately strangling
the western industrial nations with high oil prices. Their
reasons are in part revenge for the way the American
oil companies exploited their resources. not forgetting
bow in I959 oil companies decided arbitrarily to reduce
payment of oil by ll)%.

Greed is another motivating factor. The OPEC coun-
tries are absorbing billions in “pctro dollars". and.
despite claims that this money is being ﬁltered back
through the world economic communities. it can not be
forgotten that those investments are their properties. It
will not be long before they are in a position to tell the in-
dustrial nations more'than how much the price of a
barrel will be. ‘-

Last week Saudi Arabia‘s Sheik Ahmed Yamani told
buyers that. “the wealth of the world has shifted from ther
industrialized nations of the world to the oil producing
nations.“ For the buyers who in the past quarter century
have not been used to hearing such talk can only sit back
looking grim and applaud enthusiastically a remark that
there will be no future embargo. These buyers would
have laughed at such talk just 3 years ago.

"The wealth of the world
has shifted from the

industrialized nations of i I

the world to the oil
producing nations’

 

As Ford and Kissinger both know. the western world
is in the grip ofa most threatening economic depression.
No one is even suggestingtbatthc oil-producing nations
do“ but possess the leverage to tip the scale towards
collapse. of course that is not in their economic interest.
Neither do they want to risk military intervention in
behqu of the industrialized nations. Howevcrit is in their
interest to keep the buying notionsjust slightly above the
water while they continue to weaken the economic foun-
dations cxtorting unrealistic oil prices.

Peter to Paul

It is precisely in light of the present world economic
emergency that Ford's program appears so weak. It does
not provide the nrttiort nor the world with any hope of
avoiding serious recession or depression. It only
attempts to f orstull the worst by borrowing from Peter to
pay Paul.

This is mostly what "buttonomics" is all about.

.4 I
rm mes-tissue" ' durum-W 

Caso Cites Nassau Job  * 

As Good Background

by Ken Nugent

Ralph Caso. the Republican nominee for Lieutenant Governor. spoke
Wednesday to a small group of students. Student Association ofﬁcials. and "
press representatives. He emphasized his experience in local government as
the Nassau County Executive as a good background for the ofﬁce.

When questioned about Wilson‘s proposed tuition hike. Caso stated. “If
you want to vote for Carey and Krupsak on that narrow issue. bemyguest.” r

In .t position that is “a heartbeat away from the governor.” Caso feels that a
man is needed that will adequately serve the public‘s needs. “I think that the
state government must be close to the people.“ he commented. Caso feels that
ho is the person for the job. citing his responsiveness to the voters of Nassau
County. .

Having inherited a twenty million dollar county deﬁcit. Caso claimed be
converted it into a ten million dollar surplus. In each of his three years in of-
fice. Caso said Itc cut the Nassau County property tax. .

Caso feels that his and Governor Wilson's experience as executives on the
state and local levels are far better prerequisites for the jobs than the
legislative experience of congressman Carey and State Senator Krupsak.

The County Executive is a nationally recognized spokesman for urban and
suburban Amcrﬁt. and a leading lobbyist for federal mass transit aid. Tlie

. result ol'=tbeir.wor_k.ia Federaliil'ransit bill. has been stalled in the Senate

Rules Committee. Last Tuesday. in a move to get the bill onto the Senate
ﬂoor. it committe vote resulted in a tie. keeping it from floor debate.

Caso. disappointed by this. called for Congress to act responsibly in order
to avert state tax bikes needed to subsidize the transit system. He said that the ‘
committee is revoting later this week. in an effort by Senators to get the bill
out onto the lloor for debate. -

The Republican also commented on the Albany Common Council‘s hous-
ing proposal. He stated that there should be no family restriction in
apartments attd that people should be allowed to live together as longas there
is enough room for them to live properly. . t

Caso also supports legalized gambling in New York. recognizing it as a
good revenue source for the state. “We should at least let the pople vote on
it.“ he stated. citing one example in Atlantic City. where voters will decide on

-tlrc question this full.

(.‘ttso spoke on Wilson‘sproposcd tuition hike. one issueavhich immediate-
ly nlicnuted him from the student crowd. He statedtbat it is impossible to
lower both taxes and tuition. “We have to try to hold the line." he said. con-
noting that he would work to stabilize the tuition.

SA. President I’ut Curran. then stated that lie believes Wilson intends to
double the tuition. Curran pledged the StudentA’ssociation‘s support to
Carey and Krupsak. leaving Caso visibly embarrassed.

Caso commented that the tuition bike was only a minor issue in the elec-
tion and that Curran “should use the brains that got him into the university“
to look at the full perspectives of the Republican platform before he made a
decision.

Although he is presently behind in the polls. Caso feels that his campaign is
.on the upswing. “The only poll I paynttcntion to isthe oneon Election day."

 

 

Pine Hills

mon -sat
9 am - 9 pm

482-1425

or 870 Madison Ave
(just above Ontario St.)

chilled

 

‘lIIiuco Fists the Finest Uiueqamh is  World

Wine & Liquor Store, Inc.

gift wrapping

free delivery

IN JAMAICA
January 6-13

wines
and Taxes

 

 

 

 

JAN UAR Y VACATION

Includes Round-trip Air, N.Y. -
Montego Bay - NY.

7 nites at Doctor’s Cave Beach
Hotel, Trpnsiers, Sightseeing, Tips

Contact Ion Guttman (482- 1689)

* Per Person, Double Occupancy

Drive Our Cdrs
Free To Florldo,
California and all
cities in the USA
AAACON Auto
Transport
.~ 89 Shaker Rood
« Terroce Apartment
 AlbanerX.
462-7471
| ‘ .mu'sfhe 18 yearsold '

$ 325. *

 

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER 11. 1974

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

.PAGE Timer-z '

 

