7 cm go and as if'anyone in the History I

off at . l
Chairman Joseph Zae'ek. "or I'll
' in‘ head cliff"

‘ _ rompted~ this comptent was the
‘pokin of Dr. Zaeelr's finger inmy eye. with
.fo deliberate and painful. The place was
his office. the time. 2 pm. Monday. the topic
under discussion. the possible suspension of
the History Department I’h.D{ program by
the State Education Department. It was a

- brief discussion- ~

«7‘ “Get‘the fuck out of here." Zaeek said to me, "

".in a rage. Then he shoved his fingers in my eye,
and pushed me out the door. Archie Bunker

'chouldn't have been more eloquent. .
. To place this incident in historical

perspective, the day‘s events were as folloWs: ‘
Last Friday I had arranged for a meeting with

Zscek to discuss the Ph.D. situation. (My

-'association'at the time was not with the ASP

.but with another local paper.) His secretary

scheduled a meeting for Monday.

On Monday I was told by Zacek’s secretary:
meeting cancelled, all inquiries referred to
Vice President Sirotkin. Another reporter and

' ,I went to Sirotkin's suite tosee ifwecould ave,
an immediate meetingwith the Vice President.
,-, , . c

' No.

meetingstodsy.  _ ~ _
“Listen.” I told the other reporter'aft‘e’t this. ,

Department will ssysnyth'iagJ know-seine a
professors from class.” After expliining’ the
situation to two professors — including the
refusal of the Chairman to say anything —-one
teacher agreed to talk. as long as' he was not
quoted. I  ;
we-had just begun‘conversing. when into
the professor's :roon's‘r burst 'Zacek. He was

* furious. “Didn't I tell you to get the hell out of

here and talk to the Vice ‘l’r'esldent'l' He
ordered to professor to say nothing. and
demanded all other‘teachers do the same.
“Don't worry I never say anything.” called
one history professor from his room.
l'didn't want to get any professor in trouble,
so I left theoflices abruptly. and walked out of

the building. But halfway out the door I ‘

stopped and thought: This is bullshit. By
preventing me from questioning any
professors. without any r' ‘inn Zacek
was at the very least, overstepping his
authority as Chairman, and possibly violating
my constitutional rights. .

So I went back to see Zacek to complain
about his treatment, and to ask about our
cancelled meeting. In reply to my questions.
Zacek poked me in the eye.

 

The Environmental
Decisions Committee

by Roger Rodlctt

Have you ever wondered whose idea it was
to put,those frustrating but effective bumps of
asphalt on campus roads? Who decided to
restore the campus marsh to the campus
pond?

‘Our university has a cross representation of
administrators. professors. non-teaching
faculty, and students that meet onccevetytwo
weeks to discuss and coordinate strategies for
solutions to every day campus problems. This
Environmental Decisions Conunission (EDC)
was established in the spring of l97l to
' , "rational... ' ‘ 't ' V
in all aspects of the university. is... energy
utilization. aesthetic“ communication.
transportation. safety. and recycling.

.Along 'with estabishing speed control
bumps and giving the campus pond a facelift.
the EDC has been responsible for the removal
d the Mohawk Campus billboard. reduced
pond pollution by reducing winter road
ﬁtting, organization of a workable paper
,recycling program. incorporation of energy
conservation ideas. and the creation of

campus “forever-natural" areas. Because the
IBDU has members in almost every level of

«BIG! TEN

 

 

 

university life. from students to
administrators, it has the potential to view
campus problems from a wide variety of
perspectives. With this overview of campus
problems. a comprehensive plan of action can
be instituted.

The EDC has both a monitoring and action
initiating function. Since it has no budget of its
own. its research projects are carried out by
students with cooperation and assistence from
faculty members and the various university
departments.

Throughout this semester. the EDC will be
considering solutions to campus poster
pollution. jogger and bicycle hazards and
safety on campus roads. the possibility of
converting cafeteria food waste into fertilizer
by composting. and the dangers of a purely
permissive attitude towards smoking in the
Lecture Centers.

If you notice campus environmental
problems that could beneﬁt from our
cohsideration. we could appreciate being
notified via a letter or call to the commission
co-ehair-persons. Lou lsmay or Rpger
Rodicki in the Environmental Forum Ofﬁce.

Fine Arts Building Room zit. 457-39”

fter’exchsngi V  .
Sirotkin'sofficet ' v ,
President'sm'eetiogs

‘1'” ' “ltoldhimu

in a 'th‘esitustion. and
he apologized. (conditionally)'for the History
Department Chairman's behavior.

'Thank you,” I said. “but I wantr‘his‘

apology. not yours.”

Later that day. Zacsk called me up at home.
“I, wish to' apologise." he said. “with
misgivings.” ' ‘ V v

Besides feeding my already inﬂated hero-
martyr complex. and leading to some funny
lines. (“Why don’t you write a book. All the
Department Chqirmon's Men, a friend

advised) I saw a more serious implication to '

the incident. Whether with force, or with a
smile. the SUNYA administration is always
giving the campus press the ﬁnger.

The view of the journalist as the enemy
predominates in the administration.
Protecting their ofﬁces as if they were sacred
‘ ' a ' ' ‘ m'nn seem to believe that
the only people they are responsible to is other
administrators. Dr. Zacek was only

‘ expressing violently a common feeling among

administrators towards journalists: get the
hell out of here. this is none of your business.

Of course this is our business. As part of the
University Community, as part of the Albany

Castles Burnlng:

nlty. affs of the schooIJre' or

I. Com , ,
irnport'snce. lf‘the'l'listory Department his

 publicly discredited, it is all our concern.
With bumucrstie' rigarnsrole. administrators
often prevent the campus community from
finding out the entire story.

Then, the administration has the colossal

balls (as Nelson Rockefeller might say). to

accuse the 'ASP of presenting wrong
information. It's a pathetic joke.
For example. Zacek later explained to me

' that he could not talk, because the fate of the

Ph.D. program was still in jeopardy. and our
chances would be hurt if any “sour grapes”
statements were attributed to professors or
administrators. Fair enough. Why then was
his ﬁrst reaction to shove me out the door?

It was an act 'of temper, stupid but
meaningless, provoked no doubt by the
tension ,within the Department. “We are
responsible here for many professor's jobs.‘f
Zacek explained to me later in a cooler
moment; in other words. by writing a story i
would put men out of work.

Nonsense. If anyone will put men out of
work it is administrators who worry more
about their public relations image than
academic achievment. One week ago I might
have bought the administration line. Maybe it
took a ﬁnger in the eye to help me see more
clearly.

Gonzo-Columno

a registration line fantasy by Ken Wax

. "Oh yeah. you bastards? ("It show you!" and as fast as I could I grabbed for those neatly
stacmde's End t raw them up in the air. Arms ﬂailing, l wiped out the entire English
department and half the c oolof Business in the minute before they physically ejected me from

the area.

Had to get that closed course card so I headed for theoffice ofthe department chairman. Had
a big orange “NO CLOSED COURSE CARDS!" on the door. Put my lighter to it and kicked
the door open while it was ﬂaming. His ofﬁce was empty.

The secretary caught up with me and started screaming hysterically.

"SHUT UP, OLD LADY!"
She was frantically dialing the phone.

“Hello, Security!?Thcre‘s a. . . “ My ﬁnger went to the button and she was cut off. To make
sure. I yanked the phone out of the wall. She‘s screaming again.
I slapped her oncc.Then again. And again. [pulled hcrhead towards mine. over the Selectric.

“LISTEN TO ME! lwant to know where h

her throat for punctuation.
“A-A-A meeting!" she trembled.
Where!
“P-P-President Benezet's office, I think."

c is. Do you understand?" My hand tightened on

I got over to Administration about a minute later, having commandeered a tunnel truck under

Humanities.

Up the stairs and down the ball, the President's secretary sat 20 feet in front ofme. guarding

the citadel.

“Can I help you?" she offered. as she does thousands oftimcsadayinherjob as interceptor.

it

"You got closed course cards?

“Why no, this is the President‘s office. What you want is . . . ‘

t

“Then you can't help me.“ and I walked past her towards the oak door.
“You can‘t go in there!“ Do all goddamn secretaries scream?
The door was locked. Two kicks later it wasn‘t.

Benczct was surrounded by four or five other big wigs. and the room rcckcd of reefer. The
person I wanted wasn‘t there. But this was better. High Administration Officials. I muscd.

My entrance raised a wave of questions which were screamed at me from around thetable.

"SIIU'I' THE FUCK UP!“ I mouthed. and my mutcness confused them. I continued
screaming “silence” until the whole bunch had shut up.

I then walked closer to the table.

"Dear Doctor. tlo roll a couple more] '5. I’m fairly straight. Oh. yeah, [write/or lht’ASP. Now

let’s .rtt down and we’ll decide who! courses I'll

forget that: let's talk grades."

have opened up for Inc. No, no. mottcroffm'l,

Lou rolls a rotten joint. Uses two sheets of E2 Wider. It‘s like smokinga rolled up newspaper.
But the weed was good. Kendall slobbcred all over the tip.

Hood was bragging about the pure Window-pane she gets straight from Albany Med. and
Zahm had just downed two of Lou's ink-blotters mistakenly thinking them to he the acid. Lou
was licking the windows, also confused; Welcb and Williams werejust giggling out of context

and Jack was lighting the hash again.

“Yeah. Ken. I can see where the only thing preventing you from having gotten an ‘A' in

Statistics. were just a couple of exams. Hell.
“ . . . Accounting‘s a bunch of crap anyway. how ‘bout a ‘Ii‘ . . .

“. . . No problem. no problem . . . "
My whole transcript took l5 minutes.

bro‘ we'll let you'slide on that, sure . . . "

"I Irate to told: and run, Lott, but I got other Sill/170(k)." Speaking low for effect, " You take
care of h tomorrow by three. I'll drop b y the registrar then for a copy. That‘s three o’clock.
Deadline for Friday's ASP it 5:00. Non, l r‘IINI'! make threats. but, perhaps what you see what
I’m hinting at. Take care. Lou. amt .lmt‘l lut‘gol." .

I got up to leave and on my way -.

That's’what I hate about registration. it takes all day.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

tit-rd the digital clock on the desk read 4:l5.

NOVEMBER 22, 1974'

sponsors ~ o

Square Dance 1
in the
CC BALLROOM
Saturday, Nov. .23
9 pm-I am

JSC- $ .25 
Taxcard- $ .75 ~< _ i M.
without Tax- $1.25 I
[funded by student association

£31“ :37:
--------'---------——-------------------d---------

 

ul

 

[E ELECTIONS ﬂ

WILL BE “HELD DEC.3,4,5 FOR THE FOLLOWING POSTS:
Indian Quad: Central Council and University Senate
Colonial Quad: Central Council
Commuter: Central Council
Class of 1978: Closs Officers

possestssassoeoesseooeacceleratesesouvussooeeooeuoooIsaac

NOMINATIONS ARE NOW OPEN FORTHE ABOVE
POSTS AND MUST BE IN THE S.A. OFFICE BY NOON
ON‘NOVEMBER 27th. ' 

 

funded by student

I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

