 

In response to Senator Eastl'and's 'startF
.ing' warning that. if patriotic mericans
weren't alerted. to this marlj ' business.
they would shon'be “saddled with alarge pop-
ulation of serni-zornbies,",it is reasonable to
suggest that the proverbial fox smells his own
musty tail. If there is a pestilence of "semi-
zombies” infesting our purple maidenheads
and fruity pastycakes. it would appear to be
cankering and festering most virulently within
the hoary clutmbers of the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee.

Now don‘t think that I‘m about to launch
into a general polemic in praise of mercy kill-
ing: as a strapping young stripling this
reporter was brought up decently and pai-
nstakingly taught to respect his elders. Nor-
mally when confronted by your basic lo-
quacious vicious seventy year old coot who
appears to have gone quite gonzo frome ad-
vanced terminal hemorrhoids or ossiﬁcation
of the cerebrum. I somehow manage to stiﬂe
the overwhelming desire to woof my cookies
in his face. Instead, turning my cheek. lmock-
- deferentially walk away. Form. if not sub-

hoppy hours

I (ipeaking of semi-semis
.Lplaiisibl tot ’

I”
of 'the communist. . . oops. wrong

‘  L-nireotic menace.

wdo ms
sustains its

pe a the past two ea _‘
Geriatﬁc‘Jamee‘ case it seems certain that he

has never read a newspaper more..,

sophisticated than the Selma Swineherder'
Gazette.0ne can easily envision that crusty

'old bit part from Gone With the Wind

agitatedly 'lying in bed late at night with a
taperecorder strapped to his perspiring

'wiuened head continually playing to. himself
.old Harry Anslinger “killer weed" ser-

monettes.

Picture that semi-illiterate buffoon of a man
making an utter nebbish of himself before a
snickering audienceof stoned out Washington
reporters by mindlessly blathering such discer-
ning thoughts as this:

“Simply because every intelligent. articulate
rational scholar who isn‘t on the take from the
Justice Department feels that marijuana is no
more. if not less harmful than alcohol. we as
Americans cannot afford to conclude that the
upsurge in marijuana use has not led to
millions of babies being born withfour left
nostrils and six gargantuan sex organs or that
its prolonged use does not lead to galloping
halitosis, crotch-rot of the lesser condom. and

.tcrminal cancer of the right belly buttonl The

hammer! a“ 
.noereada -  . , I
‘ ‘ ,_America is' rapidly becoming a . living. '

 nation’sentire college population. .
goon ‘of all non-wasps living north of. the

weep—Dixon Line and "0% of all albino
"m over 87' tall have already fallen vic-
’ ] I‘iwd.’.liccntioua, laciviousJotus-
like; liclt-ﬁittle effects, of 'the teen.
gangrenous. gewky. [garganzolian death!

breathing :Iela Lugosi movie irrevocably

.ssddled, with “a large population of semi-
' zombies. Unless we move quickly to squelch

this national nightmare,_clvili7ation as white
men know it will come to an end.”

Perhaps I overstate the good old boy‘s case
as he was undoubtedly a bit more lucid than I
portrayed him to be when he make his UPI
remarks. But if only we could catch him after
he’s mainlined a fewnickel bottles of Southern
Comfort. I believe we would be surprised at
what then might issue from .the Mississippian
Ambassador‘s mouth.

In any case I wouldn‘t bother with this
stnrng-out tirade if it were not for the fact. as
strange as it may seem in this era of presiden-
tial ﬁat. that times occasionally arise when the
Senate of the United States is called upon to
deal rationally with crucial national issues. Be-
ing forced to silently suffer while some
ludicrous old buzzard stumbles about in a
befuddled, ethereal condition comparable to
that resulting from severe oxygen deprivation.
unabashedly unleashing mindless verbal
salvos at the great social problems that he has
obviously never read or experienced. is

 

What's 45 minutes if you're _

going to have a good time? '

mo we SU et ~
Y ~ 99 s The Ilium House

25 Morrison Avenue. Troy

it‘s only 0 15_ minute drive from SUNY, hos
constant roped rock music, gourmet sandwiches,

tuesdoy 9 - 12 pm Lodles nlte

oll drinks half price

 

 

 

 

 

 

’ M ~90.»

wednesdoy 4 - 7 pm

10 oz. draft beers -520c
fridoy/2 - 6 pm

50 cent high bolls
'pour liquor.

very easy to get to;

Just take 90 east to TROY exit.
Follow 787-go over bridge. At the
ﬁrst light make a right “fin-straight
up to the crest of the hill. Then jua
follow the signs to THE ILIU
HOUSE

open 11 om - 8 om
everyday

 

«9°

Cheese Pie
Pepperoni
Anchovies.
Sausage
Mushrooms

 

The Works

 

 

 

...c\ - - .
9"" Albany

Any two combinations

'

e'to vidly‘ campaign for"
' As Janis Ian would

our . (senators) to ,

.lt' . ,
Shadey Acres. We’ll take. good care of them.

_'You won't‘b’e' aware ,of‘them. Send them to‘

 

 

 

 

Shadcy Acres."

Seriously though. statements such as that
attributed to Sgnator Fathead represent the
mtirky depths to which American political life
has descended.or perhaps from which it has
never emerged. One wonders how such sup-
posedly intelligent. articulate men can con-
sistently make such utter nurdlings of
themselves. I personally couldn‘t care less that
‘Parochial James thinks I'm an animated Mr.

‘Potato Head. my brains scrambled and

-fricasseed by too many bowls of opiated Pun-
ama Red (Yummyl). What troubles me is that
that narrow-minded fool gets to vote every
day on issues thatdirectly affect the sanity and
security of my life and my world. Apparently.
if nothing else. one continually pays his full

. pound of ﬂesth societal dues in the form of

sheer unmitigated aggravation.

‘9

Campus PiZza a
in Westgaté Shopping,
438.8350‘ Center

Near Gateway Diner
911 Central Ave. & Calvin

OCTOBER SPEQIAL!

PICK-UP ONLY
Mondays: 20% off a large Pizza pie
Tuesdays: Free large soda. on every
large pie
Sicilian Pizza Available (please cell well ahead of time:

EBLCES.

438-9421 1

$4.50/piel
SMALL LARGE

$2.50 63.00
3.19 3.69
3.19 3.69-
3.19 3.69
3.19 3.69
3.79 429
4.50 5.00

Moe It's your Birth , and
. ' get 50$ of}?
Sandwiches ava:.-.=.._-.-l;~,

.'--------mtrﬂmm---------

F00! .

eta 'Inenieconomists.businessleaders.and everyonetry- ‘

_‘ yo ' i H ‘ tudents are aware of it as they pay tuition fees or
 ﬂuke problems of today. inflation existed in classical antiquity.
(most Vol-the third century AD. the Roman Empire module to

k: ter - Thedemandsof army. imperialcourt,atidradminist m

‘ytiori Were steadily increasing, while productivity. trade, and population ac. _ '

tually decreased’fl‘hegovemment responded by raisingtaxes and debatingthe

cui'rency. This: in turn. caused a sharp rise in prices. The economic situation -

became so bad that peasants deserted their ﬁelds. merchants refused to
acczpt debgsed'currency. and thegovemment collected some of its taxes in
kin .- = .. ' '

Periodic efforts to reform the currency provided only temporary relief. A
boldand unique ‘attack on rampant inﬂation was ﬁnally undertaken by the
emperor Diocletian (285—305 A.D.). who issued his famous Edict of Prices
'in 30l A.D.] This edict established maximum prices and wages for more than
V . thousandarticles or services; it provided severe penalties for olfenders.
cluding the death penalty. Nevertheless. the edict was a failure, as the people
ignored or defied it. Merchants withdrew their wares from the opemnarketza
black market. developed. and the flight from money to goods continued.
Diocletian‘s successor Constantine (306-337 AD.) revoked the edict.

Such other reformmeasurcs of Diocletian were far more successful. His
Edict on Prices illustrates the ancient world‘s lack of economic sophistica-
tion. but provides us with the single most important source of information on
Roman economic life.

.1  m- ‘ v 

The Romans had their economic problem, too. Above Is one ot their
shrinking coins.

 

 

 

 

“Wines Furs the Finest vineyards in the World
Pine Hills
Wine & Liquor Store, Inc.
gift wrapping
9 am - 9 pm chilled wines

482-1425 free delivery
, 870 Madison Ave
(just above Ontario St.)

mon - sat

 

 

 

1.4 g
_. \, “ab—“LII

' ".914.
. ‘~ ‘1'" ‘ ,

rig)?! 

Uiquef MimeTroupe  If  

Creates Images In

by Sharon Swerdlofl‘

A unique blend of mime. dance. acting. sound effects
and music was presented Friday night..0ctober II. by
the Celebration Mime theatre. a group of nine young
performers. seven men and two women.

Those who attended any of thefour workshops given
by the members of the company Wednesday through
Friday were introduced to some fundamental concepts
of mime.

One of these basic concepts is that of the fpremise"—a
belief in what you are miming which results from a
strong image in your mind. For example. tocreate the il-
lusion of a tug—of-war. you operate under the premise
that the rope is really there and unless you can pull it
ﬁrmly in your direction. the rope will drag you forward

. with it. Workshop participants got to try various elemen-

tary mime exerices such as pushing a heavy dresser tht
won't budge. prying open elevator doors and ﬁghting
with another person without any of the tension thatgoes
into a real ﬁght. A fascinating collective exercise was the
creation of “statues”. A topic such asthe “The Circus."
"Hell" or “,Rock‘n Roll." was given. and after a few
seconds of reﬂection. five people came together and

'createda statue representing that idea. a conglomeration ‘

of ﬁve bodies relating to each other and giving a total im—
pression.
O O O O O

l'he essence of this “statue” exercise is the same which
runs through all of the company‘s work. 'At the opening
of their performance. one member explained what
mimes do; E‘They take images. let them run through their
minds. and express them with their bodies." In all of the
pieces, bodies were combined to form images in a quite
unusual way.

The first piece. “Grab Bag“. was an assortment of im-
ages. sounds and shpaes that included marching. crawl-
ing like animals. a tortoise and bare race. one man boun-
cing another like a ball. and a mimed tug of war. The
second. “The Serpent. or Madison Avenue and the
Original Sin". was a zany parody of advertising techni‘
ques as used on Eve to make her take the apple. including
it Let's Made a Deal spoof. commcrials testifying to the
wonders of apples. and a look at the Garden of Eden.
complete with Adam. serpentand strangcjungle noises.

The third piece. "l'heBalloon Friend” was a delicate.
touching story of a lonely girl who ﬁnds friendship with
a balloon (one of the mimes). who comes to life when she
inf lures him. ﬂoating gently from side to side. In playing.
she tripstndsiarts to cry. he laughs at her and she. enrag-
cd. uses her slingshot on him. The balloon shoots all
across the ﬂoor. lasing airuntil he isdcﬂated. In vain. the
girl tries to

 

7 pm
CC 3

Class of 7 7
Meeting

Sunday, Oct 20

M’ d  *
In 
“Camp Wahoo“ was an exploration of ‘all the pranks
and wild goings-on at a summercamp. Illustrative ol' the
group's inventive use of bodies was the scene in which
Arthur. about to leave for camp. packs his suitcase por- ’
trayed by one of the mimes lying on his back with hands
and toes extended as locka.,All the familiar characters
.and vignettes of camplife were there: the slick Camp
Cootdinumf‘. the snotty other campers who try toiscar?
Arthur. the singing of the official Wahoo camp song. a
food ﬁght in the mess hall and the flies who gather
around it poison ivy. archeryand'toastingmarshmallows.
The comic characterizations and use of bodies to I
represnt inanimate objects created a hilarious impres-
sion of camp life. .

I O O

The next piece. “At the Circus" was a‘ changing
collage of visual impressions and sounds sisociated with
the circus that Included a tightrope walker. lion tamer.
trained seals. clowns. an _acrobatic group called The ‘
Great Zucchini and a knife throer who ends up with a
knife in his own back.

“The Legend of ‘l'illisonTwitchell." a tall tale about a
old farmerwho was determined to clear his land. was,
made lively by the troupe members. who at various
points in the tale. were barnyard animals. rocks. horses
and carts. Quite ingeniously. all combined to create a
tractor which could not only plow. but could wash
clothes and shine shoes too.

. The ﬁnal piece of the evening. “An American
Collage”. changed thetone of the performance with a.
commentary on the American way of life—crowds. and
ambulance‘ carrying away a casualty. subway-
straphangers children at school learning their ABC‘s. a
football game complete with cheerleaders. an enactment
ol'war and young boys dying. the loneliness of a child
whose parents are always away on business. the fanatic
behavior of autograph hounds.u rollercousterun old age
home where a young couple laughs at th helplessness of
the aged. and the assassination of President Kennedy. A
very effective part of this collage showed a. man who
stuffed himself and created so much waste that he was
eventually forced to chase the vultures and’dogs away to
eat his own waste in the garbage dump./\uthcend of this
collage. which lasted about a half-hour. all these scenes
were very quickly repeated in succession totbe tune of
“America the Beautiul“. -

Except for this last piece with its heavy social im-
plications. the tone of the evening was one of delight and
a sense of high spirits. .This particular company has
worked together for only a year. and has its home base at
a resident school in Maine. Their particular blend of
theatre and mime made for quite a fascinating evening.
to which the standing ovation was a tribute.

 

.D'rive OurCors
.Free . To Florida,
Collfo‘mlo and all
iities in the USA
AAACON Auto
Transport
89 Shaker Rood
"Terrace Apartment
Albany, NY.

462-7471
I , must be 18 year-sold

 

 

 

9CTOBE13x395l9f73 ALBANY swam Passe:

t"; J. .i. t

encasement  . Ham“... a. 

E .'
PAQE 1' ll -. . ocroaan 15, 1974

 

