r,

’C

N. .M
«.z-uC—Crwa’v ,V

‘— «w m A}. .v‘,

 

 

..~_.‘v_,_.,,_. .‘

 

 

PAGE 2P

knowth'e game ‘ Stinky Pinky? 'It's a guessing game where you - 3
' .‘,‘I have a Vstink-pi-nk‘that means a large rodent." Another Platter
9. think of the correct answer,"which would,have to consist of two
PhYmtn9;,words. Here the,_ answer isl‘iat _rat"., .Iiyou said “stinky pinky" it
would‘mean that each of the two words in the phrase has two syllables.
 One day arfew weeks ago Arts Editor AlanAbbey was plaYthJ SlinkY {
Pinky-with  'He gave us a tough one: “I have a stinkertyer pinkertyer that
means a ‘New'York wine cabinet." We racked our brains,,but couldn't res-
pond. It tumed out to have been thought up by Alan’s father: A Knicker-
bocker Liq'uorIOCker. The moment we heard it we, wanted to make it a
- headline. \ . ' ‘ ’ ‘
g The article we assigned for this headline is today's Perspectives center-
told. Hoam about the Albany-area visiting bars with Ellen Baskin. And learn
what it really means when someone asks you it you can tie a maraschino
cherry with your tongue. We think it's an excellent story for the headline.

—Dan1'e1 Gaines and Barbara Fischkm

Are ‘claak and dagger days’ over-1’...

The *‘Discreet Charm’ of the CIA

. tip nit; ‘l i.i Lulu”. .‘:iiii ,ii.

I A’ Drinking-Person’s Guide to 0ﬂ-Campas [Puhb‘erylu

Knickerbocker Liquorlocker

Gaops on inhalation...

Keeping Clean Air Clean

Dotn’ what comes naturally...

Male Midwifery

An uncanny view of the campus...

Hires’ Education

 

iii wtticu

USE Wire Pennant)
Vt AWSE '
PEOPLE is
gas
mitt:
AMP
WWW
Worms

AMP
CEthMAL —

 

M Miicit A SEGEET (OAR
“Sagiwh  Gegpieiuw

on

OUT THE WI?
6 AT HOME
are Mme- AW
izAiou or Wt?
Tire AHERt—

cw PEOPLE-

 

«rep

. as
op

own)

It)
AwsoPPie .
($950560 A
i FOLDER

0i.)-

1

comm
MEW—

“a

 

II'

wmcu £16. Hm/MOUEV

i(out?
CDUUTEV

I F096!
((00 V85

ewe
tttH

A
560 PM).

@anw W

 

lots 05’
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

NOVEMBER 5, 1974

.“'9

The ‘mscreet   

 

(Reporter:

Under what international law do we have a
right to destabilize the constitutionally elected
government of another country?

President Ford: .

lam not going to passjudgemento‘n whetherit
IS permitted or authorized under international
law. It is a recognized fact that historically as
well as presently, such actions are taken in the

 

 

L best interests of the 'co untries in volved.

by Doug Galanter

The above remark by President Ford at his press conlerence several weeks ago
tell the ominous impression that the United States has no qualms about subver-
ting a loreign government in the interests ol foreign policy. This statement came
alter Mr. Ford had conlirmed that the Nixon Administration had authorized the
CIA to wage an $8—million campaign irom l970—73 to overthrow Salvador
Allende's Chilean Marxist government, and was an addition to the growing list ol
cases in which Congress has been misled by the Executive Branch. Hasthe CIA
gone too tar in recent times, and is it out ol control, or is the White House actually
at lault'r' Should it be prevented irom intertering in the internal atlairs oi ioreign
countries? Should it be more strictly supervised, and it so, by whom? Finally, how
is it to resolve the dilemma ol an agency ol a tree society using "dirty tricks" to im-
plement loreign policy?

William Colby, the new director ol the CIA, has said that the agency's "cloak
and dagger days" are over. However, he oversaw the linal and‘decisiye stages oi
the Chilean operation and disclosed these activities to a closed hearihgroi the
House Armed Services Subcommittee on Intelligence last April 22. His
testimony leaked to the press recently, lorcing Ford, at his press conierence, to
acknowledge the ClA's actions.

However, though he made the admission, he relused to set a limit on similar

operations in the luture. Mr. Ford
staunchily insisted that the Chilean ac-
tion was directed toward preserving
the treedomol the press and opposition
political parties, and described it as in
the best interest oi the people ol Chile.
Curiously, though, practically no ob-
jection was made by the State Depart-
ment when the new military junta
banned all political parties and shut
down opposition newspapers.

Ford's revelations stunned most
Congressmen. Senators labelled the
ClA's actions as "unbelievable", "un-
savory", and "unprincipled"; the
Senate I’Oieigii Relations Committee
initiated a review (it Colby's testimony
and ordered a probe into the Chilean
incident.

Conspiracy

the whole alli-iii' strengthened the
ClA's image as a vast, unchecked, and sinister conspiracy. Reactions abroad
ranged liom incredulity to dismay. A lair sun'iinary ol European leeling was ex-
pressed in West Germany's Frank/inter Allgememe Zeilung, which predicted
that "the disconcerting naivele" ol l’resulent Ford's admissions would have "a
provocative ellect". Nations ol the Third World called the Chilean action illegal
and indicative oi a grave decadence in the American system at gOVernment.

The incident recalled two past CIA liascos:'l'he Bay ol Pigs operation in I961,
and the revelation in 196'] that the agency was landing the National Student
Association and various other business, labor, religious, and cultural groups.'l'he
organization was also involved in the Watergate scandal; oilicials have admitted
erClAagentaiid “plumber” E. Howard Hunt with a phony

that they supplied lorm
id camera. It also provided the

identiticalion, wtg, speech-atteralion device, ai
White House Willi Daniel Ellsberg's psychological protile. All these events oc-
curred despite laws explicitly preventing CIA involvement in domesticallairs.

Most ol the revelations and criticism ol the CIA has come, oddly enough, lioin
torincr employees. A line example is Victor Marchetti's book, The CIA and the
Cult 0/ Intelligence, in which he urges strict prohibition ol CIA intervention in
l'itelgli internal ctlldll‘ﬁitiiiclei‘ any circumstances. Despit ollicial rhetoric, he
says, twothirds ol the CIA budget is utilized tor lunding olclandestine operation.

Covert Operations
|"oi.inded twenty-seven years ago as a successorto the Cities ol Strategic Ser—
VIces, the Central Ii'ilalligonce Agency's original task was gathering intelligence
and iiilormiiig tho govorninent about goings on in loreign COttiill‘leS~--eSpeCtdlly
Communist. With tha growth at the Child War, the duties at the CIA also grew, and
the agency look on a more active role in ioreign allairs. Among other things, it

NOVEMBER 5, 1974

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

attempted the penetration oi the Bamboo and iron  and-tin dorm
oi Communist inﬂuence by the support at proAmertcon‘ political 
spread of covert propaganda. economiosabotage, and paramilitary opera

In most cases, a‘covert Operation is discovered only when it tells so 
tacularly that it cannot be kept a secret. Examples are the‘Uo2 incident in 1960
when the spy plane piloted by Francis Gary Powers was shot downby the Soviet , ,
Union, the Cuban invasion oi 1961, and the Chilean incident. There have been ‘
successes: the 1953 coup which deposed lrantan Premier Mohammad
Massadegh, believed to be a Communist sympathizen'the 1954 revolutionvin
Guatemala which destroyed the Communist qovemment oi Iacobo Arbenz.
Suspected operations were the 1967 coup~in Greece, the 1967 killing at Che
Guavera in Bolivia, and the 1970 overthrow otNorcdom Sihanoukot 

The CIA was deeply involved in Southeast Asia, beginning in 1962 when a ‘
thirty-thousand-man army was organized in loos to tight the Communist Pathet
Lao—at a cost ot million. Although ot dubious success, director Colby maintains
that the operation prevented a Communist takeover.

The Other Side

How can the CIA iustityitsuseol covert operations? The answer/say oilicials, is
a simple one: the other side does the same—ii not more. Communist operations
can be directed irom central locations (Moscow, Peking, etc.) and can take'the
guise ot local political movements. Also, Communistdictatorships, withoutan in-
te rtering legislature or press, have an unlimited amount oi lreedom in organizing
and landing secret operations.

The Soviet Union's KGB is the ClA's chiet competition in world atlairs. With an
estimated 300,000 employees, the organization trequently runs what are termed
"active measures" in ioreign countries. A large portion ot the KGB's personnel
are assigned domestic duties, such as running the Soviet prison camp system.
Others lunction abroad as embassy personnel.

As with the CIA, KGB operations are mostly known by their tailures, such as
the attempts at overthrowing the governments ol the Congo (1963) and Ghana
(1967). Mexico uncovered a KGB-sponsored guerilla organization in 197.1, and
several weeks ago an attempt to set up an underground pro—Moscow political
party in Yugoslavia was discovered by oilicials there. The KGB Disintormalion
Department, which specializes in circulating lalse rumors and iorged
documents, is now waging a campaign to conytce lndians that American ioreign”
exchange students and Peace Corps volunteers are ClA agents.

Need for Accountability

As new CIA director, Colby has tried to relorm the agency's operations and im-
prove its reputation; the latter by being more candid than previous directors. So
tar he has testiﬁed betore eighteen
Congressional committees ona total of
thirty occasions, has given public
speeches, and has encouraged CIA
analysts to publish magazine articles
under their own names and job titles.
At the same time, however, he has lob-
bied in Congress tor a bill which would
make unauthorized disclosure ot CIA
activites by past and present
employees a criminal ottense. This law
threatens people like Marchetti with
jail sentences.

Colby teels that more emphasis
should be put on passive intelligence
gathering rather than covert actions.
There would then be less likelihood
that crisis situations would develop, He

§ maintains, though, that total elimina-

 

tion ol covert operation would leave
R the United States with no medium
between diplomatic protest and war.
In this, he agrees with many experts (such asWilliam Bandy, editorot Foreign
Allan‘s) who say that covert action should be used in tightly restricted cir-
cuinstances, and only when American security is in jeopardy. Two major retorms
have been suggested: 1. Separation oi intelligence gathering lrorn covert
operations and 2. Tighter control ol CIA operations. Experts doubt that the iirst
ietoriri can be implemented, since the covert act ol intelligence gathering in-
volves theClA in ioreign internal allairs. The case tor the second, however, is
stronger. due inpart to the growing concern that the CIA is too independent.
The agency gets its orders lrorn the 40 Committee, chaired by Henry Kissinger,
Willi Colby, Deputy Secretary ol State lngersoll, Deputy Secretary at Deiense
Clements, and Joint Chiels ol Stall Chairman Gen. George S. Brown. Con-
gressmnal supervision is practically non-existent. A sub—committee chaired by
Senator Iohn Stennis meets irregularly and has almost no stall. There is an in-
clination in Congress towards non-involvement, wiht the result that that august
body knows less about the CIA than the press, and has no advance knowledge
about upcoming operations. A new bill by Senators Weiker and Baker would
create a committee to supervise the CIA and all intelligence services, but many
Congressmen test that they shouldn't be entrusted with CIA secrets tor tear oi
lciiks. The alternative, however, is clearly unacceptable: an uninlorined Con-

 

g ress.

the United States laces a great dilemma: the need to be morally responsible
while existing as a great power in an immoral world. In a democratic society, the
tension between people and an organization like the CIA increases dangerously
when, as in Chile where the CIA's actions are at best ditiicult to iustily. Covert
operations cannot be completely ruled out, but the United States must team to
rely on other weapons—its techonology, economic strength, and diplomacy.

PAGE 3P

 

