    
    
   
      
        
      
     
     
     
     
      
     
 
       
        
   
   
 
      
     
  

 

 

,Every undergraduate student on this campus has paid thirty-two dollars in student
tax for this semester: or has sacrificed the services of Student Association and obtained

’ a waiver (a rare occur'cncc). S'A receives this money through its legislative branch. Cen-
traI Council. and distributes it to various organizations under its wing. They work with
an amount that is well over a half million dollarstand with SU NYA‘s growing student

body will continue to increase. .

Money left over from last year and extra money received this year (they un-
derestimate) goes into Central Council's "Emergency Spending Line.“which also con-
tains additional money put in it last year when Council did this year‘s budgets. From
that line Council grants groups additional money. funds new groups and uses it for
various special projects and such. That line is not included in the listing below because
it is not clear how much money is in it. It was budgeted overten thousand last year. but
money has already come out (PIRG at SUNYA's allocation was from that line). Then
again. they expect a lot of extra income from the increased enrollment.

Listed below are allocations. which is the amount oi" money coming from student
tax. Many groups raise their own money and thus have much larger budgets than their
allocation would indicate. Groups that charge admission or have advertising fall under

this category.

The AAC Intercollegiate Athletic Program is the largest single recipient of student
tax money. Intercollegiate sports ltcre are mostly paid for out ofthe student tax money.

  
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
      
    
    
     
       
   

1) AAC Int Col Ath Program
2) Univ Concert Board

3) SA Operating

4) EOPSA

5) SA Salaries

b) WSUA, 640AM

7) Speakers Forum

8) Torch (Yearbook)

9) ASP '

10) Camp Board (Dpkl)
11)AMIA

12) Theatre Council
18) Special Events

14) PIRG 0t SUNYA
15) Friends Of 5 Quad

1974-75
TOTAL
APPROPRIATION
ACADEMIC
Association ltil Computing Macltinery 3‘. [05.00
liiology Clttb 490.00
Chemistry Clttb I |5.00
tieogtaphy Cltib |l0.0lf
(ieology Cltib 245.00
llebictt Cliih 2K5.00
l.e Cercle l‘l‘tlllCillS 250.00
I'lii llela lantbila 30.00
We Law Society 55.00
l'rc Med Pre |)ciit Society (15.00
Russian Clttb ~ 195.00

Society ol I’Iiysies Students 50.00

Spanish CIth 420.00
Student NYSI I. .0600
Students at Nursing ()igaiii/ation 430.00
Iliitletgratltttttc Political Science I15.00
Undergraduate Psychology Society l.ll).00

/.L'II.'lIh\ 50.00

Speech Pathology dt Audiology .Ititt.00
CULTURAL
/\Il Coitticil  875.00
Dance Council 1.450.00
titty Alliance 025.00
India Association 785.00
International Students Association 3.00000
.lil/l Society 400.00
.Iewislt Students Coalition l.250.00
Lino IIrii/iliim 245.00
Mttitcltkiii Clttb "£4.00
Mttsic Council 3.00000
Pcitcc Prolch (100.00
Protect Yottr liittironntctit 2.070.00
S.I.I’.II tittl.00
liieatrc Council , 10.55000
Ilkrtuiiitn Student (trgitui/iitiou 130.00
Women‘s Liberation (iroups IttiMitt

SA ’3 Top

ALBANY STUDENT amiss

  
 
 
   

  
 
 
   
 
   
  
      
    

      
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  

  
  
  
 
 
    
 

 

' DU

  

Fifteen

$109,702.20
00,000.00
51,000.40
04,400.00
29,000.00
20,070.00
21,500.00
19,050.00
19,000.00
10,000.00
12,000.00
10,550.00
0,000.00
7,227.29
0,090.00

 
 
 

   
    
    
    
 
     
     
 
 
   
     

  
 
  

 
 

MEDIA
Albany Student Press .\ |‘)..l00.00 '
Phoenix , 3.350.00
liIt'clt l‘)..I5II.0II
\‘icupotut 4 |9lt.0ll
\VSI l /\ 2 l.070.0ll
MISCELLANEOUS
Central Council Operating |.000.00
I't'iciids ol the lite Quad Volunteer 0.000.00
Ambulance Scrt ice
Student Association ()peiattug 5|..\.I.I.40
Student Association Salattes “).lltt.l.00
llnoersity Stitdcitt .Iitdtcial (outniittce (10.00
I’IRII at SUNYA 7.127.1‘)
RECREATIONAL
.\tit;iletti Ratlio ('ltib 440.00
\M|:\ l2 000.00

Camp IIotird

t'ltess (‘ltib

I-etteing Society
llitt'uess Racittg ('luh

Judo Club -.
Katate Cltih HIS 00
()iitiitg Club 1.725.00

Sailing Club

Scuba Chili

Ski Cltih

Skyiliitug Cltih

Synchronich Sitiin Cliih

Women‘s Recreation Association
VERSITV WIDE

Albany State Cinema

Alitittttt ()iitttl ()rgaui/atttttt __

Colonial Utiatl IIotird 2.0l0.00

Dutch Quad llotiril 2.06.00
I:()I’ Sttident Association I4.400.00
I‘IIUI‘III Latina 5.000.00
Indiatt Quad Association 2.500.00

  

International l‘ilnt (iintip 2.II00.00

Spetikms l'ttl'IIIlI ZI.500.00
Special latetits Iiottttl 0.00000
State Quail Program Council 2.500.00
University Concert Iiott rd MI..“I0.00

     

 
 

 

SEPTEMBER 24, 1974

  
 
 
    
 
  
  
     
 
  
 
    

 

  the mes

. To the Editor:

SUNYA. Think back to the confusion of
driving I'rom‘the T-way to the Campus for the
first time. and now picture this: You found no

- sign on the ‘I'jway marking “Exit 24“; you saw

the overhead marking “State Univ. - Exit 2“.
but never found that marking for “Exit 2“: or.
you finally found your quad. but only halt‘the
dorms were identified by outside signs - the
rest were missing. You well know your way
around by now. but tryto picture giving direc-
tions to it strttnger to SUNYA on how to get to
your speciiicdorm room from Manhattan un-
der these conditions! .

Now you cttn realize the confusion created
by It handful of students in teitring down or
mutilating the red signs on the podiittn which
give special routings to the handicapped. ’I'o
tltc disabled already on campus. the routings
may be familiar - ortisyet. may not - but tothe
many handicapped visitors to the campus who
know notlting of these routings. Iinding empty
places of torn-down signs or those only par-
tially there is a nightmare.

lhcse red signs are the result ot months of
carclttl planning by administrators iii the Stu~
dent Life Office. the filing at several detailed
work orders. mttclt patience oit the pan of the
sign shop. and several repetitions of this
process dtte to vandalism iii the past. the signs
direct the permanently handicapped in
wheelchairs. those on crutches due to a motor-
cycle accident. and the partially sighted to
both routings which don‘t require the use ol
stairs among lloor levels and in facilities
specially adapted or created for use by thedis-
ahled. lltcy are a great success as judged by
tile type and amount of Iccdbaek received
lroiit those who Itavc needed them, btit the
titottittittg cost oI \attdalism is sure tojeoptir-
di/e the system‘s future.

lhink again about your confusion when
yoti first came here and then think twice belorc
you are tempted to pry off one of these signs.

peel ott‘th‘e" Intematlona,
Ibol. or scribble'ott one white wall I
check in the Cam'pttsCenter or catcher
elevator in the PAC. ' '

'l'hose signs are as'vital to the handicapped
student‘on Campus as turnpike signs are to ’

you between Suffern and Queens. Think

' about it.

Al Dc Graft

President

Students for the Improvement

of Programs for the Handicapped

 

Triple Feature

to the I-Lditor:

Let‘s get something straight about camptts
Itltii groups: there are I/ll't't' ol tltctit. l'liree!
Ullc-lnti-l/Il’t't‘. loner lfast is sponsored by
Stttlc Quad. Albany State Cinema is funded
by Student Association. llteti there’s Inter-
national l'lllII (irotip. known better as ll‘(i.
lhat. too. is S.A. ltittdcd.

llltltil'ltllltllcl). ll'(i “as not mentioned iii
publicity Ioi'Septcntbcr I)a/e.and Iapologiue
on hcltall ol SA. I know tltc grottp is doittg its
host to proyitlc a dilletcttt kind oI film to the
campus community.

lr_\ one ottt one of these weekends.

Pat Curran
President. Student Association

Bureaucratic Bulge

by Mark Plevin

'l'ltc furor over American involvement In the
domestic affairs of Chile hits exposed it situa-
tion badly iii tiecd ol Congressional examina-
tion. the problcnt is that the federal govern-
ment is Itidcit with obscure ol'licials who wield
tremendous power and are subject to no one‘s
evaluative scrutiny. | his problem is a product
ol bureaucracy. It is itnpcraiivc that Congress
find a way to Itold these powerlul yet unsccn
ollicials responsible lor their actions.

Matty ol these oltieials. such its the
members ol llic 40 Committee. which
oversees CIA cmct‘l activities. are now
nominally answerable to the President.
However. due to the President‘s already too-
Iteavy workload. and also to the litigc si/c ol
the many executive departments. evaluation
by the President or his top aides can be oiin
superficial and useless.

lhe lirst step iii sol\ ing this problem is to rev
quire that all appointed officials of any conse-
quence be subject to Congressional confirma-
tion proceedings. lltis new power. it used
wisely. would encourage the President to tip-
point only qttalil'ied people to lcderal offices.
and would Itclp prevent errors of in‘
competence. A great number of federal ap-
poitttccs itrc already subject to Congressional
approval: doing likewise with the rest cart oiin
be helpful.

In order to iiistirc that these appointed and
confirmed officials maintain a standard of
conduct iti office that isiicccptableto the Cott-
gt’css. the Congress should have the power.
cottcurrcnt with the President‘s. to remove
them from office. One way would be to es-
tttblislt II procedure through which Congress
cotild revoke its confirmation. thereby remov-
ing tlte offending bureaucrat from office. This
would be essentially the same procedure as lin-

SEPTEMBER 24, 1974

pcacltinent and conviction. bttt without the
restricting trepidation and precedent surroun-
ding that seldome-uscd process.

Possibly it would be far simpler to make the
requirements Ior impcacltmcnt and convic-

tioit less stringent. Proot beyond a reasottable - 3

dotibt ol criminal ollcitscs is a standard too
generous to those who would tnistrcat their of-
|icc. In order to hold federal appointees to a
more rigorous standard at conduct. perhaps
reasonable sttsptcioti til abuse or misuse of
power is all that sltotiltl be required to remove
them. ltttpeacliment or reioeation ol' confir-
mation should be viewed as a tool the Cott-
gt'css cotild employ to insure that appointed
ollicials retain proper rcspcet lor their office.
It must be understood that only legal and
ethical misconduct in olliec is sufficient for
removal. tttid not political tnisjttdgmcnts
which are tnade tit good Iaitlt aitd within legal
and ethical constraints.

Impeachment or revocation ol confirma-
tioit shouldn‘t be it procedure that is viewed
apprehensiver or Icarlttlly. We must never
forget to whom public ollices belong. It
should be an astoiit ol'gm critineitt that the of-
Iiec is to be protected. and not the offending
otticer. No one ittdividiial is essential to the
system: however. integrity is necessary for the
continttcd vitality ot the government.

Only when Congress brattdisltcs the power
to rettiovc lcderal appointees from office will
they be dealing truthfully. Congress. the
people‘s briinclt oI government. must he kept
intormed. It is not the province of
bureaucrats. such as the tneinbcrs ol" file 40

Committee. to decide what is iii the nation‘s I
best interest. Congress must be given the V

authority to prevent lcderal appointees front
‘triutscending the legal uitd legitimate powers
ol their offices.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   
  
    
    

'10 the Edltor: .‘ v; . ,'

Alton Smith came to' Albany ii
to begin studies at ,the-Sti‘tt‘e'U
York at Albany. His I‘atnity‘h’ttd income far
below the us. average and Alton‘s prior
academic training could. in all honesty. be
termed sub-standard. But he and his family
had it visi‘on ot'a better life. and New York had
a program to aid such potentially successful
students. And so for three and it half years.
Alton grew and matured and succeeded at
SUNYA. He becattte tin-art mitjor tittd htid
planned to graduate in the summer of I974
arid enter it career in the art tield.’

But last fall Alton Smith apparently ntadca
mistake. His mistake was to drive his mother's
ear dowtt Delaware Avenue at |0 p. m.. pttrk it.
cross the strcct to the Pimt Spot (a fcwdoors
trotu the Delaware 'I‘hcatrc) only to find, it
closed. attd return to his cttr. For acting iii this
sectttiiigly natural and harmless manner on the
lirst of November. Alton was set ttpott by two
casually-dressed mcti wlto suddenly drove up
iii a non-descttpt car. Alton resisted what he
considered to be an tittproioked attack tiitd
repeatedly called for the police and assistance.
During the struggle. two shots were fired by
Alton lrotit a gtin dropped by one of the titt-
kitoivtt men. A bystander was inflicted with a
stipcrlicial arm wound by one at the bullets.
Alton was beaten throughout the struggle attd
only later Wits astounded to lcarti that his tit-
tackers wcrc Alhatty policcittcti. lie was
arrested and clttirgcd with seven felonies its a
result at the struggle.

lIail was set ititippropriately high at $20.000.
It took the NAACP more than a moitth to
raise this sum and to get Alton btiek to
lreedom. by which time. of course. tnost of his
school work was ruined tor the semester. ()n
.Ittly ti. I974. his trial began in Albany Cotinty
Court. I he trial lasted over five dtiys. l'hcjury
deliberated for tnore than cigltt hours. the
jurors were somewhat conlused as to the
charges. as evidenced by retttrnittgto the cour-

 

Ilér'om the Frog's Mouth

by Doug Morqu

People may argue all they want about the
question ol whether the gasoline shortage was
real or cotttriy ed bttt the fact still remains. the
-:-pricc ol lticl is exhoi'bitant. lititdditiott. there

Iy within the near tttture. In fact. any long
range outlook on prices will likely reveal an
upward trend.

One at the major steps toward combating
the ltiglt costs til gasoline istojoittti car pool.
to help achieve this objective for SUNYA
students. the Protect Your Environment
(I’Y lit organi/ation is beginning It program to
initiate pooling. Students who are interested
iii joining a car pool are asked to complete It
lorm which is available III the campus center
information desk.

 

l he benefits ol'joining II pool arc four-fold.
l-irst. iittd probably most important to the in-
ividual. is the saving of tnoney. Obviously.
he more participants per car pool tltc greater
he savings.

Secondly. less cars bcitig used means less
iollutitnts entitled into the air. According to
reliable ' - '

  

"I'M

'» tion; which cited numerous err t

  
 

Pool it

is no indication that prices will fall signit'icattt—_

 
  

  
  
 

 
 

Jailpén ti, . _ ._
,0n 'Jttly 22.the Courtdenled rider

  

  

   

to set aside the verdict. 'I‘IiejudgeMe
impose II sentence of live years of p
after having first given a tortuousei'tpltin‘ on,
_ of the ma it ' reasons that he was incliited'riot to
do so. despite the excellent past achievements
attd potentitil of Alton. ' I: _ -,, 7. : V
It is truly aid that such a tragic epiiitt‘de‘citn
occttr today itt our city. But this injustice must
be corrected. Alton Smith violach no law in
defending himself atid his record must remain ‘
as umblemislicd as it was before November I.
' I973. His comicIions must be appealed to a
higher court.

Many friends were present iii the courtroom
throughout the course of the trial ttttd at the
tiitte of sentencing. llteir support was in-
valuable. but their support and your support
are still needed. llic financial costs of the
delcnse antl of an appeal are far iit excess of
what Alloii ttttd his Ianiily can raise. the cost
ol transcripts. research. priittiitg.and attorney
Iees‘ arc realities which iittist be faced. Alton‘s‘
experience is not an isolated c\cnt that affects
him only: it toticlics everyone \\llt| may some-
day try to avoid beingaccostcd attd abused by
ttttideittilied men on a city street.

You can ltelp y oursclt. your friends. and ottr
city by helping Alton. Your tax-deductible
coittribittion \\Ill be greatly appreciated.

IIarry llatttilton. President
I-rtuik Pogtte. Chairman. Legal I~'ttitd

 
  

  

   
   

   
 

 
 

  
     
  

  
  
 

  
  
   
    
     

I7!" xII/tr/rrr Slut/cm I’rta'x reserves I/It' .\tI/I'
rig/ii Io priii/ or t'tlil Ir-ut'rs In Iz'rlr'rur. I.t'/It‘l'.\
.tlioir/rl he I‘l'/’t‘-It‘l'iI/t'll rIItt/ .ur/um'llt'tl Io
( ‘( 1th to lie t‘lfui/t/t'llul‘ t‘llll.\‘ft’t'l'tllitlll. Keep
those cards and letters coining folk!

 

4-C.73

tire responsible lor producingahout 90 million
ions or 00', ol all air polltttiott cticlt year itt
Auterica. Sctcral years ago Iormer Secretary
ol the Interior.Stcurtrt l.. Udalltold ol'itstttdy
wlttch reicalcd that Ior every l.000 gallons of
gasoline that is cmisttttted sotttc 3.459;].714
pounds ot pollutants is spewed iitto the at-
mospltcre.

lltirdly. less gasoline will be used by each
person. tlitts easitig any shortage if there is
one. Ccrtaittly. a single pool will have only It
itilinitesintal ellcct on the gasoline supplies.
Yet. it enough ear pools can be formed
nationwide. this will ltiivc the effect of reduc-
ittg gasoline deniattd resulting iii a possible
reduction of prices.

I‘ourtlily. tttore ctir pools means less cars in
tltc parking lots. resulting in better parking
spaces. Duringthe cold winter monthstbis car
pool benefit will be particularly appreciated.

In order for this car pool effort to be
successful it is essential that: all commuting
students become involved. Only when
students are willing to exert themselves will

f ool be rett d

    
 
  
 

 

 

     
  
 
 

     
 

    
  

 

