--.v 'wv—v-v.--—..,v—_.—-I-w

_.The,Danes finally playing in the
moshlne. used a {big play”offeitae.
instead-of at'eadydrivee.to win their
third straight. They salted away the
victory with three quick touchdowns
in the beginning 'of thesecond ball.

_ _, . - 9mm
pastesled, the romp again inf s
RIT "  '

lti took ihe Danes onlyi'} ’o 

minutes and. thirtyrl'our second o
score. despite having to kic o, ‘
Gating good field position she _
poor RIT punt (in fact RlT averaged -
only I yards a punt-'all game). the
Danes offense took over. Ahonen
hit Glenn Solwaskie over the middle.

i

Dama' power  Tommy-Damon  going  the mid-
dle against HIT.

Turf Hampers Boaters; Tie Cortland 0-0

by Nathan Salant
It is difﬁcult to play soccer when
you are playing his swintming pool.
The sun was shining, there was no
chance of rain. but the ﬁeld was a
swamp. as the Albany State Great

Danes soccer team waded out to '

meet Cortland State in ahey SUNY
Conference game. watched by over
2.000 fans. The game ended in a 0-0
tie. Both teams missed penalty kicks.
and numerous scoring opportunities
were stopped by the mud. and/ or

either defense.

The Rooms dominated play. es-
pecially in the second half. but the
game was really decided in the ﬁrst
half. Firsi.the Danes opened a bom-

bardment o‘ the Red Dragon net. .

culminating in a penalty kick. With
nine minutes left. Chris Tyson
tripped Albany halfback Jerry lee
Hing in the penalty area. and Hing
was awarded a penalty shot.
Actually. the all wound up hur-
ting the Danes. aa Chepe Ruano was
there to put the rebound in. but the
referee blew the Whittle and the call.

In soccer. play is not stopped when .

foul is committed by team A. and
team a retains control of the ball.

But play was stopped. Lee Hing went -
to the line. and slipped on wet turf as.

he kicked 'the ball. The shot stayed
on the ground. and headed towards
the middle of the Cortland net and
an amazed Ed Buglin.

Disaster nearly struck with three
seconds left. when Frank Selca was

 

. nded‘up with over

V ya ds. movedthe ball

.well at tintes They scored with the

_ help of a forty-one‘ysi‘dpass to get

-,,them I back in the game.

The Danes.. though. came right

back. withAhonen hitting the wide

-open Dave Whitely for a 43 yard
touchdown. '

RIT made one last try to get back

in the game but the Albany defense

showed how good it really is. One

minute it was third down and one on

. Albany's eight. Two plays later the
ball went over as the defense held.

Ford Sparks Team

All season long the third quarter

' has been Albany's weakest. as they

had not scored itt it. But Coach Ford

must have said something. its the
Danes came roaring out.

After the kick-off. DcBlois went
right up the middle. again no-
touched. for a fifty eight yardto'u‘ch-
down.

An interception by Ken Schocn
and the Danes were back in business.
Ahoncn hit Baxter for thirty-four
and DcBlois finished it with a three
yard run. Albany. again. got the ball
and Orin Grifﬁn swept tcn yards into
the end zone. The Danes had scored.
three times in just over six minutes.

Conch Ford then pulled inost of
his starters and went the rcst of the
way with freshman quarterback
Dave Duprey. DcSpitc fumble
problems. be rushed for ninety~one
yards. including a 7 yard run to close
out the Albany scoring.

The Dunes amassed over five hun-
dred yards on the day; all but ninety-
ninc coming on the ground. The

called for pushing Mark Britt in the
penalty area. and Britt went to the
line. The fans held their breath as-
Britt approached the ball. groaned
when Obwald anticipated right-side
and the kick went to the left. then ex-

tractor: "with Ahonen.'»failed' to
matengliae long drives but. then
again. they didn't need too. They did

‘ not have to punt in'the entire ﬁrst

half. 7

The defense. despite giving up
over three hundred was again clutch.
Much of that yardage came against
the bench. [The Danes held RlT
runner John Humphreys to under
twenty ﬁve yards. This is the same
Humphrey who Coach Ford felt was
the best runner Albany ever faced.

Leading the Danes statistically
wereDeBlois' 138 yards. Duprey with
9i and Grifﬁn with 75. Ahonen was
4-6 and 99yards. He did not get in-
tercepted.

Face Maritime Friday

The Danes play Massachusetts
Maritime this Friday night in Buz-
zards Bay Massachusetts. Maritime
lost to Curry 30-0 last week. but beat
New Haven 2l-0 Saturday. It will be
Albany’s ﬁrst meeting with them.

Halbaclt Orin Grittln trying to swing wide.

ploded its the shot went wide of the

net.

The second half was a simple case
of Dane Domintttion. as the Booters
showed they could out-skill Cor-
tland. but not outscore the Dragons.

Practicing  team tie.  mum play In Saturday‘s soeeargame.

Timennd again the fans cheered. and
occasionally laughed. as the Danes
ran rings around the Red Dragon
forwards and haifbacks. Twenty
shots were fired at Buglin. and he
stopped twelve. while the rest went
high or wide. The occasional Cor-
tland drives were stopped by the
Dane ‘ " d s. who played it
superlative game.

Star of the game honors went to
Arthur Bedford who was outstan-
ding on defense and offense. when
late in the game. Coach Bill
Schieffclin moved him up front in ttli
attempt to get some offensive punch.
Outstanding performances were also
turned in by Bob Schlegcl. Leory
Aldrich and a surprise in the
backﬁeld. Clinton Aldrich. When
Emerick Browne-Mnrkc proved in-I
effective in the swumplnnd.
Schicft'clin inscrtcd Aldrich in his
place. The result was the proving of
number possible fullback.

Host New l'ttllz
The Bootch are now 2~—0-~l in

-SUNY Conference play. 4--0~~l

overall. and host New Poll! Wednes-
day. at 3:30 pm. Hopefully. the field
will have dried out by then. as both
the players and the fans are tired of
hanging up their socks to dry.

 

Clark Aims at Republican Giant

by Mike Sena

Little David. equipped with a
meager pcn shooter is out to slay the
mighty and unbeatable Goliath in

this year's New York State senatorial.
race. th this fairy tale may not end'

as happily as the Biblical one.

Ramsey Clark. the Texan
maverick. opposes three-term
Republican incumbent Jacob Javits
in the November clcctions. It is with
the issue of campaign financing that
Cltlrk hopes to kill the Republican
giant.

Former Attorney General Clark
cntnc to Albttny Wednesday night to
publicize the opening of the city's
Democratic election headquttrtcrs ut
JIS Central Avenue. Mnyor Erastus
Corning was also on hnnd.

Cnmpnign financing bus cott-
sistcntly bccn Clark‘s mctttl hammer
to dcnt thc .lnvits mttchinc.

Clark. at private htwycrsincc I969.
hats only ncccptcd contributions of
$|00 or less. llc bclicvcs that by
limiting the nmottnt of his cott-
tributions hc can remain indcpcn-
dent. and not fch obligated to big
contributors and their intcrcsts.

in n rcccnt tclcvision dcbtttc.
.lttvits indicntcd llutt ht: had raised
about $500000 and spent $280000
to $290.000so far. The Republican
senator added. "I hopc to ruisc ll
million.“

Clark said he miscd about $235.-
000 and "pttid cvct‘) bill at the end of
tltc primary.“ with some to spttrc.
My contributions czunc front nbottt
H.000 pcoplc. Clttrk explained. He
added that the “average contribution
was 20 dollars.“

Clark blttstcd .lnvits for ttcccpting
n $I5.000 contribution from Vicc-
President dcsigncc Ncison
Rockefeller. Clnrk qucstioncd
.lttvits‘ cthics for ncccpting such it
stun of money front the than he will
soon limit to judge.

.htvits is an eighteen-year Senate
vctcrttn. Much of his money. accor-
ding to published reports. comes
from bunkers. brokers. the oil in-
dustry. the Rockefellcrs. and several
unions. Clark has denounced Javits

'ns a man dominated by big business.

while portraying himself as n
pcoplc‘s politician.

“Juvits is the old politics.“Clark
said last week. “He‘s the part of the
Senate which has served special in-
terests and paralyzed" the law-
mnking process.“

Mayor Corning. in introducing
the Democratic Candidate said that
Clurk is the first person in it long
tintc to give .lnvits tltc “colly
wobbles“.

Clttrk hats rcpcutcdiy pttt .Invits on
the dcfcnsivc. llc said his ctttnpnign
contributions httd bccn cntircly lcgttl
nttd tltnt hc lutd nlwuys rcportcd
"cvcry nickel"by name and nccouni.
.lttvits protcstcd. .

thtt thc incumhcnt opcncd his
Fifth Avcnttc hcttdqtutrtcrs not so
long ago. hc cxplnincd that thc
bunkers Ivho contribtttcd to his cum-
pillin were old friends. “pcoplc who
have knotvn mc for 25 or 30 ycnrs."

in a subsequent tclcvision dcbntc.
Clark pouncing on .lnvits‘ sttttcmcnt
charged. “liow conic so many of his
old fricnds arc in those industries (oil
and banking)?" Clnrk ndtlcd.“‘|‘hcy
hnvc rcnsons for giving.“

.lnvits. who is sucking his fourth
six-year term. believes his main
qualification is his- long cspcricncc
doing his job “to the satisfaction of
it“ our pcoplc."

'l'hc 'l‘cxnn replied he thought
.lnvlts “hits had too much of the
wrong kind of ex pcricncc." " I‘m im-
plying that Mr. .lnvlts is tuutvnrc of
the real needs of the people for in-
tegrity in government.“

Clurk commented that itttcgrity is
the key issueofthccnmpnign. llc cx-

plaiued that greed and special in- _

tcrcsts now dontinntc politics.
llcforcnnyofthc ntttion'sills.such
as poverty. unemployment. the en-
vironment. and health care are met.
We first “liberate the political process
from special interests." hccxplttincd.

by Naomi Friedlander

After a two year respite. the Mc-
Donald Corporation has resub-
mitted its plans to the City of Albany
for a townhouse restaurant situated ‘
on the corner of Madison Avenue
and South Swan Street. This
proposed contraction. at one of the
main gaies to the Capital Hill
Historical District and adjacent to
iltc South Mail. has aroused opposi-
tion front neighborhood
associations. individual residents of
tltc :trcn. ttnd the Historic Albany
Foundation.

The suggested townhousc.n three-
story brick building. would be 75
feet wide and 56% feet decp. Con-
struction of a building of these
dimensions would involve the
demolition of thrcc mid-l‘hh cen-
tury buildings.

One of them. Roxy-United
Cleaners Inc.. was built in I864 and
remains architecturally sound. In
the original blue-prints. a one-story.
Golden-Arch McDonald‘s drive—in
was proposed: but. the fast-food cor-
poration modified its plans in accor-
dnncc with the zoning requirements
of lthommittccon the South Mall
Environs.

No parking facilities

The currcnt plans do not utcludc
pttrking facilities lIS the rcstuurttnt
only intends to rely on wulk-in trade.

The basement. named the Johnny
Appleseed Room. and the main
floor scat 208 people. These two
floors comprise the restaurant. The
two top levels. only added to con-
form to height requirements. will be
rented out as ofﬁce space.

Neighborhood groups opposed
the burger center‘s construction in
I972 when it was ﬁrst proposed. The

Jackson Blames Arabs

by Doug Horwitl

'I‘hough it \vnsa solcnut spccch. Scnutor Henry M. Jackson quippcd. “lun-
dcrstnnd I‘m supposed to make a non-partisan Democratic spccch."

Jackson. at Washington Scntttor for 2| years. is considered among the
front-runners for the Democratic nomination forthe l976 Presidential race.

He dcvotcd his cntirc titlk an the Schcncctndy Frccdom l-‘oru In to thc issuc
of oil. l'hc Scnntor cxphtincd. "Wc arc in u financial depression ——now those
fire the facts." He noted that the two digit inflation is “directly traceable to
pctrolcttm or tltc by products of pctrolcum.“

Jackson tlill'ihllicd most of ottr spiraling inflation to thc higlt pricc of Arn-
binn petroleum products. particularly Saudi Arabian products. Says
.ltlckstut. lhc Cost of prodttcing it sittgfc barrel of their oil is Scents. but it sells
for it wholcsnlc cost of bctwccn ii and I4 dollars.

.Inckson expressed his bciicl' that thc

smnllcr Arab countries ntight he will-

ing to lower tltcir prices it it wcrcn‘t for pressure from their ltu‘gcr Arab
neighbors. thn qucstioncd about what could be done to lower the high
priced oil products without boring to rcvcrt to \vnrfnrc. Jackson rcplicd that
he \\ nsn't cndorsing any particular policy. howcvcr. itc nddcd. “Wt: do control

thc world food supply.

In tltitfliinlt. Jackson strcssctl the nccd for “Allicd unity.“ ilc suid thc
()l'iit‘ (Oil l'rotluctng tllltl Exporting Countries) must l'ctllilc "we are not

subject to blackmail."

[hunt-silently. .lttckson suggested wc bcgin “an economic cotuttcr-
oltcnsitc“ in ortlcr to cltminntc Antcricun dcpcndcucy on forcign oil
products. llc suggcstcd that Amcricttn oil companies “ reduce the price of
ottr new domestic oil to 7 or H dollars a barrel.“

lint hc nddcd. “\Vc nccd massive conscrvntion

it‘s outrttgcotts tltc \vuy

wc'vc bccn using oil." spcatking of thc automobile as “the output.“

l‘hcsc mcnsurcs. be indicated. would be helpful but tltc most effective tic-
tion by [or would be to expand our domestic oil production. itt contrast to his
usual pro-environtnctttul stance. llillions of burrcls ttrc waiting to bc tnppcd.
IIc urgcd a boost itt offshore drilling projccts.

The Washington Senator feels it ts necessary to begin these programs im-
ntcdintcly for us the said. “We are ltcttdcd for economic disaster unless we

solve tltc cncrgy problcm.“

in closing .inckson sttid that in order to ttcbicvc cncrgydcpcndcncy “l
hclicyc the American pcoplc are willing to sacrifice“ and hc stressed that we

need to “bring this country together.“

group's obtained a postponement of
a vote untiia South Mall committee

could be established and sorting laws:

instituted. The establii ed

' mittee zoned the planned

restaurant as commercia .

recommended their'protcsts. '

"It would be a piece of Dis-
neyland.“ objected Greg Bell. a
member of the Hudson-Park
Neighborhood Association. HPNA
passed it unanimous motion to op-
pose the McDonald‘s erection itnd
llcll. u H'i’NA Steering Committee
member. voiced the group‘s sen-
timents. He warned that we will be
“putting a wildcat in our living
rooms" ttnd fetter that increased
traffic. noise. litter. and loitering
would be th'c outputs of the
townhouse. Madison Avenue. ttt its
junction with South Swan. is a
narrow. congested rcsidcntittl nrca.

'i'hc surrounding streets.
Hamilton and .lcffcrson. are also

ovcrburdcncd. Without it parking '

lot. and fill ndcqutttccntingurco. Bcll
surmiscd. the McDonald‘s would
“gcncrutc quadruple parking“ and
crcntc nutssivc traffic problems.

Although thc rcstttttrnnt is design-
cd for mull workcrs. it ttppcnrs that
its scrvicc will cstcnd ntucb fartltcr.

McDonald‘s must be assured that it
will draw two to' four thousand
customers at duy before tltcy (the cor-
poration) will consider building
one." Ilcll npproxitnnted._

l7-i million lbs. of paper

The McDonald‘s Corp. con-
sumes I74 millionpoundsof‘papcra
year. according to an article in the
August. I974 issuoof New York. 3l5
square miles of forcsi are required to
keep the chain stocked with paper.

Though thcMcDonald‘snsclfmuy
bc orderly. "What happens two or
tltrcc blocks away whcrc thc gttrbngc
men do. not pick up the littc 2’“ Hell
qucstioncd. in New York City. the
rcfttsc from n llurgcr King on 59th
Strcct cluttcrs tltc cntruncc of
Illoomingdnlcs. two blocks away.
’l'hc snmc thing may happen in
Aibttny.

Loitcring is nnothcr worry.
lncvitnbly.pcoplc from surrounding
ncighborhoods will travel to the
rcsttturunt and the local residents
fcttr that “unsavory characters“ will
lingcr around this locnic.

l‘hc Historic Albany Foundation
ojposcs the construction of the
burgcrlttnd for “visual reasons“
stated licll. ‘l‘hc proposed
townhouse. dcvixcd to blend in with
tltc existing historic structure. will
have n “truditiomtl” nppcttrnncc. in
their bulletin. the organization
nrgucd. “it is inappropriate to haven
‘fukc‘ old building its tltc gateway to
a genuine historic nrcn." lttdccd. ttn
imitation townhousc set amidst
those that :trcnuthcntic will sccm in-
congruous ttnd will spoil the area's
antique appeal.

“We do need a fairly inexpensive.
ncsthcticully suitable restaurant.“
licll concluded. “but we do not want
to be a service center for the Mall. A
place like Fricndly‘s where you eat
inside and use less paper will be
acceptable." Asked if the lil‘NA
would continue to protest the con-
struction of the McDonald‘s if it is
approved by the City of Albany. Bell
nodded nnd declared. “It will be u
difficttlt fight.“

V ,nd'th‘e, -
neighborhood organizations

9
‘l

. 1:353: N . - ,N..'..;-.‘g:. _._ Tsar;

 

