    
 
   
   

  
 

 
 
 
 

 
  
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

 
 

 

    
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i
. .
t

 

 

 

   

Some .- rrbo set-site us these
byilklll McRobert

In: an informal hour and a half
lunchtime session. just prior to his
press conference. U.S. Senatorial
candidate Ramsey Clark discussed
the issue of amnesty with a small
gathering in CC 3l5. Fielding
questions from the group. Clark. a
longtime advocate of amnesty
through the Americans for Amnesty
organization he founded with
Bishop Paul Moore. stated his posi-
tion in favor of absolute. immediate
and unconditional amnesty not only
for those who dodged the draft. but
also for descrters and all whotreeciv-
ed less than an honorable discharge.

According to Clark's statistia.
there are 7.700 young men still

 
  
  
    
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
 
  
 

maneuvme

branded as felons (5.500 of whom
are under indictment). 44.000 with
immigrant status in Canada. and
30.000 (of the «10.000 who deserted)
who remain fugitives. To amend this
tragic situation Clark says we cannot
wait for a new President to grant
amnesty. but must pressure the Con-
gress to take action since they “only
eris well as the people.” It was ask-
.rdtrwhethcr this would rob the Ex—
ecutive Branch of its Constitutional
power. Clark responded in the
negative saying that the Congress
should and does have the power to
modify its own laws. It is up to the
people to truth: Congress know that
they want to “do something decent”
and “show the world America cares

 

EILEEN 90

are cinema”

 

lit

the story of 0 yo

8:00 only

RATED X

' to womanhood

Thursday, May 2

$.75 with tax $1 .25 w/o

(iii

ung girl awakening

LCIB

, overwhelming odds. Even if some

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
     
 

 

 
 
  
 

  
    
  

PAGE TWO

Coming soon:
The Alumni Quad Spring Festival

featurin

FREE BEER
FREE PUNCH

 

agents no new": I

 

 
 

 

"WW-Y I

9 sauce

FREE MUNCHIES
FREE ADMISSION

 
 
  

  

r _ MIDDLE EAST (AP) - Israeli and Syrian planes fought air battles above
the-Golan front and gun duels raged for the 49th straight day.
j In: major Arab andlsraeli capitals. leaders took hard lines.

 In Tel Aviv. IsraeliDefense Minister Moshe Dyansaidhisgovernmcm hm]
not changed its‘position on withdrawing from Syrian territory. He clearly
hinted this position, which has never been made public. meant no signiﬁcant
pullback behind the lines set in the I967 war.

Egyptian President Anwar Sadat said in Cairo that Egypt would not end
the battlc'with Israel until the last Israeli soldiers withdraw from Arab soil
and Palestinian rights are restored.

In Beirut. Lebanon. Palestinianguerillaleaders threatened to assassinate
any Arab leader who Signs a peace agreement with Israel.

  

II country now.
BU ENOS AI RES. Argentina (AP) —The newspaper Cronica said it “Kitty-

ed a communique from Argentine guerrillas Monday saying they released

, ‘ American oil executive Victor E. Samuelson. for whom a record S|4.2

When “Sked Whem" "ll! would million ransom was paid more than a month ago.

he ll COﬂdill‘mal ﬂmnCSlI/i Clﬂfk A spokesman for the newspaper quoted the communique signed by the

answered that lhe indiClal Ordeal Eeople‘sRevolutionai-y Army-ERP-assayingSamuelson wasdroppcd off in

"me .People him already been the Buenos Aires suburb of Acassuso.

lhmugh l5 Punl5hmem much all“ Samuelson was kidnapped Dec. 6 and the ransom was paid March II.

undeserved at that. In addition, he .

proposes that till convictions and N‘tlonal -

disabilities (losses of rights) created

thereof be stricken from the record.

This general amnesty would not in-

t'tir its sons."

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Supreme Court has place restrictions on
prison ofﬁcials who want to censor mail to and from inmates.
dude those being punished for am]. Without dissent, the court created guidelines Monday that for the first
social criminal ans commiued in time limit censorship to what is necessary to further “one or more ofthc sub»
combination with the drafmudging stantial governmental interests of security. order and rehabilitation."

In the prison mail case. the justices struck down the existing state
regulations in California. calling them an invitation to prison officials and

mployecs “to apply their own personal prejudices and opinions" to thc detri-
ment of free speech.

Although Justices Thurgood Marshall. William 0. Douglas and William
J. Brennan Jr. concurred in the case. they said the court should have reached
the question of First Amendment rights for prisoners.

Instead. the court found that direct censorship infringed on the free speech
inherent in a communication between prisoner and nonprisoner through the
mail.

In other actions. the court:

-Agreed to decide next term whether Congress intended to grant President
Nixon the authority to withhold $9 billion intended for water pollution con-

or desertion offenses.

Clark admitted that perhaps he is
a romantic in hoping for a “moral
fervor” in the American people to
demand amnesty; but. on the other
hand. he believes we must do what is
possible for us to do. even against

young men refuse to accept amnesty
because it implies that they have
done something wrong and are being
lorgiven. Clark thinks it is still
something that must be done. We 01-

should «be mom; for a change." hc -Dccidcd_6-3 thatfederal narcotics enforcement law superseded a stringent
5am and demand what .he law District ofColumbiajsearch warrant requirement. The dissenters said the

demands. Citing preccdcmsl Ch“;2 decision could have national impact.

said sixteen Presidents have granted

amnesty since Washington ﬁrs. NEW YORK (AP) - The foreworiian of the jury that acquitted .Iohri .\.

granted h .0 panicipams in me Mitchell rind Maurice H. Stuns said Monday the jurors doubted the
whiskey Rebellion. truthfulness of John W. Dean III. a key government witness at the criminal
' conspiracy trial of the former cabinet members.

When asked what effect amensty migrbilllrtrft‘va‘zikc‘v :1; 1‘ :almflllﬂ Cdosunty bank teller. said shc'u‘tid Ill:
might have on the armed serviccsto- ‘hc Mines“ “:nd .0 ning “g F ii" “"8311?”"umf‘hcpl‘lm “‘0
day. Clark remarked mm perhaps, Dan‘s érL-Jiblrin 'Cll’ own c ense at their 8 tiyfcderttl lrld. . .
we him, changed for [he hem, Since . t - I ﬂy Cdmc Into question when lit: admitted he had pleadcd

guilty to at charge of obstruction ofjusticc in the Watergate scandal in hope «it

it is harder todu ' to raise armies b . .
~ 3 y druwrng ti lighter sentence. Miss Kuchiirski said on NBCs"'I’odu_\'" slit!“

volunteer. Nevertheless. hcstiid.it is .‘ , . . .. . . .
Vicc lrcstdcnt (tCTiIld R. I-ord said in a statement issued b,\ ltlt

n comaib w' "-- I .

trite secretly  fiii‘céhittfri‘iiiotic‘i wusmntuonulliccthatthcjuryvcrdictinthc Mitchell-Stunscrisc“srt)'stiiiilr

“gums! that consciences. Rclming that John Dcttn's'crcdihilit)’ has been severely eroded."

(he “my 0.- .he founccnwwml Ousted by President Nixon as White House counsel. Dean is expected to

drummer ho), who Linco'ln par. testtlyilor the government at other trials spawned by the I972 Waitergutc
brcuk-in and subsequent covcrup attempt. He also is regarded as a main!

doncd Irom execution and sent \ 1  1 , . . . .
homclhrk said mm“th survival vr ricss s tould | resident Nixon bc impeached and tried.

at America depends on the im-
plcmcnlcd punishment of these
boys. then we are lost.“

BUFFALO (AP) - A trial date was set Monday for one of 60 men tndlt‘lt-‘tl

on charges growing out of thc Attica prison rebellion in l97l.

Vernon LtiFrunque of Brooklyn. a former Attica inmate charged will
possession of a weapon and possession of prison contraband. was schmlulCd
to go or tlrittl May 20.

The date was set by Justice Carmitn F. Ball of State Supreme Court zit u
hertring called to set trial dates.

Meanwhile. the Buffalo Evening News said it had learned that ttllcanlCd
plcit bargaining for 40 of the 60 defendants had failed.

     
    
   

ltlltrft‘if hy

 

untlmann‘a lunpmr

ALBANY. NY (AP) - Dr. Alfred E. Kuhn. n dean at Cornell Unil’cnll)-
was nominated by Gov. Malcolm Wilson Monday to be the new chairman til
the state Public Service Commission.

At the same time. Wilson endorsed legislation that would allow the Mill“
Consumer Protection Board to intervene in cases before the PSC. The PSC
governs the rates and practices of telephone. electric. gas and water 000*
parties in the state.

lite PSC has become the object of increasing criticism in recent months M
utility rates haveskymclreted. especially in the case of electric rates pushed
upwards by the spiralling cost of fuel oil.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1974

 
    
 
 

 

 

 

   

 

 

  
 
 
 

by Carole Zingmsn

Early February:

Gus was short...so were
tempers...lincs were long both for
gas and for Draper buses...priccs
were skyrocketing...thc University
was forced to eliminate on —- cam-
pus shuttlc service and possible cur-
tail scriously Draper service.
March 4:

Jack Olsen. head of the Motor Pool
Office contracted with the Office of
General Services (008) to combine
buses to provide transportation for
Albany students and state workers.
Instead of having both Draper buses
and 008 buses running
simultaneously. as they had done
previously. the 008 buses would
supplement Draper by making stops
at Draper Hall. Partridge and the
Circle bettvccn 7:|5 and 8:55 AM
after the state workers were dropped
off.

Between 3:55 and 5:32 PM. the
00S buses would make the same
stops while cnroute to pick up state
workers.

Jack Olsen. Head of the Motor
I’ool:

Not only would the combination
of services cut down on fuel. but
these extra buses would help to
eliminate overcrowding on the early
morning buses coming uptown and
the late afternoon buses goingdown-
town.“

Complaints were received concer-
ning the new service. the major
criticism being that 008 buses are
not carrying capacity crowds while
the Draper buscs are still over-
crowded. Olsen explained that even
though the 005 bus is scheduled to
pick up students at various spots. ti
I'cw minutes earlier than the Druper
bus. 005 buses have the tendency to
get off schedule. If some buses are
late. the Draper bus picks up
students and the 00S. following
right behind. are empty.

Olsen cited that student‘s lack of
knowledge about the new bus system

 

Tuesday
is Gin day
at I

 

#
3 for Si .00

 

 

. 5-9PM

 

 
 

 

 

 
  
    

  
   
   
    
   
   
  

   
   
   

  
  

  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 

GS Servie HelpsA Few

prevents the PGS service from work-
ing effectively. since every means of
educating the people has been tried.
He feels that people have not
bothered to read the schedules to
lind out when the 008 buses are
running. which would. in intent.
lighten the loads of the Draper
buses. How effective is the morning
scrvicc'.l

'I‘his reporter set out to observe
how the service was working. I
found the 005 buses which run
from 7:I5 — 8255 are for the most
part workingto capacity. though not
iii the afternoon.

Why?

The morning service is more effec-
tive because the buses are ready to
pick up students in time for Mom.
ch.. rind Fri.. 8 or 9 AM classes.
the buses are less empty on Tues.
and 'I‘hurs. when most studentsdon‘t
start classes until 9:30 AM or later.

I‘hc afternoon service?

this is where the trouble arises.
since the 008 bases are more empty
titan the Draper buses.

Why'! One Draper bus driver
noted that he picked up students at
the circle and let off about twenty at
l’urtridgc Street. “Those kids
should‘ve been on the 008 bus.“ He
added that the Draper bus had come
into the circle behind the 005 but
the Draper lct first with more
students. Agreeing with the reasons
given by Olsen that students just
don‘t know any better. this driver
stated that since most students get
off at the circle or at Draper. there
should he no reason for the empty
()(iS buses.

Despite certain discrepencies.
most students interviewed agreed
that the additional bus service does
seem to help somewhat. However.
00S cannot be theorcctically more
c fective. since it can only transport
students in the early morning or the
litter ul'tcrnooknd not in the peak
hours in-betwccn. _

    
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
    

SO SAD"
b

Tues. - Sat., Moy'2
Tickets:

$2.00 with Educ. ID
$3.00 general

  

 

TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1974

“as

State University Theater

“OH DAD POOR DAD, MAMMA'S HUNG
YOU IN THE CLOSET AND I’M FEELIN’

y Arthur Kopit Directed by Jerome Honley
SUNYA Performing Arts Center, Studio Theatre
Wed., May I, 7 pm (note change in time)

- 4, 8:30 pm
Sun., May 5, 2:30 pm”

$I.00 with SUNYA Tait Card

 

by'lllchsrd Nordwlnd - >

Mary Leue was waiting forime in
the Fireside Lounge of the Campus
Center. her- legs crossed Yoga
fashion on one of the long green
couches. She is a. middle-aged
woman with hair the color of
cigarrettc ash. worn long and
straight. Dressed in faded cordouroy
jeans and a polo shirt. Mary was
arranging posters on the floor. when
I first saw her.

“You must be from the ASP?" she
asked. I nodded. “Good. Good. I
have so much to tell you. So much to
say."

The posters on the ﬂoor were for
the conference Mary Leue is
promoting on “alternatives in educa-
tion.“ to be held in the Campus
Center all minority my 4. The
conference is sponsored by the
College of General Studies. and the
Department of the Foundations of
Education at SUNY A. “Children of
the Broken Dream“ is the title of the
conference; Mary Leue was so ex-
cited. her words couldn't keep up
with her rapid-tire thoughts.

 

“Jonathon Kozol will be here for
the conference. Do you know who he
is?"

I thought for a moment. “Didn‘t
Iic write some books about the
Boston Public schools?“

“'l'hut's right. Well. Jonathon is a
personal friend of mine. He was with
the farm-workers school in Arizona
with Censor Chavez for a month.
and he toured the country talking
about the political relevance of
education. So he called me up and
said. ‘Mary. I‘m cancelling till my
other arrangements. besides your
conl'ercncc.‘ Because he‘s working
on a new book. He‘s coming to
Albany only because of me. That's
pretty nice ol'him.don‘t you think?“

Besides Jonathon Korol. the con-
ference will feature other guest lec-
turers including: Herb Snitzcr.
founder of the oldest free school in

W 

   
 
 

 continch from page one
Igtbc an alienation from the central

problems of the Uptown majority
'community. Surprisingly. Wax did
not suffer with the Campus Center
voting bloc. probably because there
is no way to tell if the bulk of the
Campus Center votes were com-
muters or not. In fact. he took a ma—
jority at that polling place.

Fully oncthird of Birnbaum‘s sup-
port crime from Alumni Quad alone.
while he ran behind Wux in all other
polling places. in many by over a 3:!
ratio. 0n Dutch. Wax‘s home
territory. he not surprisingly beat
Birnbaum by 56 percent to IE per-
cent. But on Colonial. supposedly
neutral ground for them both. Wax
came out ahead by the almost iden-
tical margin of 55 percent to l4 per—

cent. 'I‘hc closest Uptown race,

    

TICKETS AVAILABLE
AT BOX OFFICE
CALL 457-8606

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   

   
 

Election na ysis

Shields from com, both in. Ed.
Foundations-As head of Albany‘s. '
Free School for Eleinentltt‘y Educate, '
tion. Mary-Leue will speak. before
the conference. All ' lectures will
revolve around the topic oftransfor-
ming society through education. .
. Judging from the poster Mary
Lcue handed me. there is little doubt
the conference will be left-wing.
counter-culture oriented. I ex-
pressed surprise over the Univer-
sity‘s sponsorship of such a program.
“Oh. we‘ve had all kinds oftrouble
with the school. They didn‘t want to
give Jonathon any money. not even '
expenses. I called him up and told
him about it. and he said to me.‘
'Listcn Mary. every other school in
the country gives me money. What‘s
wrong with your school‘!‘ Try to get
them to give me at least expenses "

Mary Leue was able to cajole the
school into giving Kolol. and all
other speakers. expense money. “I
told them (the University) that there
would be a lot of bad publicity ifthey
didn‘t pay up. So they did.“

But she claims the conference has
been hasslcd in other ways. besides
money. Campus publicity.'nMary
Leue told me. has not been till. it
should be for the conference.

“I went up to the administration
bttilding. to where the carpet starts
gctting very thick. and I spoke with
Nttthrtlic Lttmpmitn who‘s head of
campus public relations.“

According to Mary Leue. the two
women argucd over whether sul-
liciciit publicity had been given to
the conference. Specifically. Leue
wondered why no press releases had
been given to the media. and why no
item about the conference had
appeared in the lower 'l‘ribuge.

Mary Leue related to me. “Well
Lampmtin just looked at me and
said. I know about you and your ac-
tivities Mrs. Lcuc.“ (Mary Leue was
arrested in an anti-war protest in the
Administration building in I969).

99325.4. elicit?- 

 

betwocn the two came on Indian.

whcre lie lost to Was by IJ percent

and where he defeated Bauman.

On Alumni. Birnbaum massacred
the other top runners. capturing 76
percent of the vote compared to a
combined percentage of Wax and
Bauman of just over 22 percent.

The Birnbaum organiuition is
most lirmly rooted in the downtown
dorms. as the returns indicate. and
therefore it would not be surprising
if the turnout for the run-off is cor-
respondingly high.

Wax. on the other hand. has no
grass roots machine at all. and thus
cannot count on organized support
to bring out the Uptown votes.
without which he cannot possibly
wrn.

McClellan rtom suuvx and Jim I. -'

  
 
 
 
     
 

publicity department ‘
' ~‘M’aybe Hi to ‘yNath‘ _
man.“ Imcntioned to Mary-Leue
“Fur-out." she said. “Far-out.”
“Do you know where her-office
is'r‘ - 

  
 

“Where the carpeting gets thick in .

the administration building."

Mury' Leue was wrong about the
work of the campus publierehitions
department. When l'told umpmn
of Leuc‘s accusations. she stared at
me in disbelief. She was
Ilubbcrgasted. ‘

“It‘s not true. It's just not true. I
can‘t believe Mary Leue said that.”

When Lampmim recovered from
her initial shock. she had her
sccretrtry bring me copies of a press
release the campus public relations
department had issued about the
conference. In the press release.
dated April l8. were all the details
Mrtry Leue had discussed with me on
the conference.

“I‘ve sent this release to all the
local media. I even gave it special
emphasis because Jonathon Kozol
was coming.“ Lampman informed
the. the publicity department is also
planning to run it conference story in
‘thc I'owcr l'ribunc and the Campus
Clipboard. Lnntpniun also denied

_.evcr niuking-uderogatory comment

lrlIhOlll Mary, Leue‘s activities. “I
nevertsuid anything about her.“ she
told nic.’

Burying her head in her hands.
Lumpntun begun to laugh. “I can‘t
believe this. this doesn‘t make any
sense.“ Suddenly she stopped
laughing. and looked up. startled. as
it' she had been slapped. .“Muybc it
does make sense." i

“A lot of people in this University
don‘t want this conference.“ Mary
l.cttc said during my interview. Onc
mutt slic nttmcd specifically as op-
posing thc conference was Morris
I‘itidcr. Professor of English Ed ucu-
tioii.

“I'm not opposed to the con-
ct‘cncc." Morris Finder told me.
’Whtil I not opposed to is the

‘mindlcss rhetoric in the poster thcy
,

  

' ittvc been giving out to publicize the
conference.“ In a letter to University
ll Affairs Vicc-I’t’csidcnt Lcwis Welch.
'l‘indcr questioned whether the
school should lctid its namcto sucha
poster. “So ntuch cunt and
cttllousncss." Finder called it.

"liut I am not against the con-
Icrcricc." he assured me again. “I
don't know who told you l was
rigttinst it."

Call it rhetoric or idealism. the
poster reflects the enthusiasm and
concern Mtiry Lcuc hhs for the con-
Icr'cticc. ‘Wlierc is American going
in the W703?" the poster asks. Mary
Leue believes the only way to point
America in the right direction is
through education. and that is what
the conference is all about

 

Amateur Nig

 

YESTERDAY's Restaurant
Twenty Moll (Western Ave. - lust west of Rte. 155)

ht - Participate

“play your spoons”
Every Sat. Night - Starting May 4
IO pm to I2 midnight
Stop in for the FUN OF IT tor call (or into, 869-3840, 456-
8242
Also - Starting May 8 and every Wed. night
eFOUR - N - AIRS-o
world famous barbershop quartet
Come and enioy the antique atmosphere and tree
peanuts '
ot the restaurant of Yesterday

 

 

 

 

PAGE THREE

   
 
 
  
  
 
   
 
  

   

  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 

  
 
 
 

