      
  

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
 
 
   

   
 
   

b- nepleturg I .yvorth merethaii
I “I I_ true. then Thomas A. Henleyiu
o is able to mutate a greatdeal of conversation.
H _ ii freegla oe’ photographer who displayed
giver hree-hundred 0 hi line slides before a National
«Hist ry-‘I ecture series audience last Tuesday evening. tut-es
I_ y l Henley's work has appeared in such magazines ”
is Adirondack Lye and damper/ring.
IllI lunch of the Earth Abounanyetleelleeiity
- Henley led an older audience through the many
wonders foundin nature and wilderness. His picforiiil
espressgm ol'the variations encountered by natureas the
II I seasons change *waii'handled masterfully. The veteran
photographer wasIaIso able to cffectivelydisplay the uni-
true beauty found in each railrn oI' nature.Through hiii
photographic expertise he showed that even within the
dark bowels of the earth’therc aboundsti mystical‘beau-

ty. '

 

         
 
  
 
  
 
     
   
 
 

 
  

   

   
 
 
    
  
   
  

NEW YORK (APl—New
York voters approved Tuesday it
SZSO~milIion bond issue designed
to prop up the state‘s sagging rail
system and provide high-speed
rail passenger service from Buf-

 

‘ i‘l'he Natural Hi

I Much of the mountain scenery that Henley presented
‘was photographed in the nearby Adirondacks. The I
photographer noted that man has a “limited obser-I i
vational ability“ and if he fails to loolt closely he may
easily miss much of what naturehiis to offer. Apparently
Henley has missed very little as is evidenced by his pic-

W

I he glarrior leaturc ol the package
was the proposal lot‘ high-speed rail
passenger sert ice along the llullalo-
Albany-New York corridor. With
the addition ol lltl-mile—an-hotir
trains. the rail set‘y ice would become

   
  
      
     
     
       
       
          
      
           
       
 
      
       
     
  
       
       
      
     
     
       
  
     

' .1)

trr. rrl I;

lan to New York City.

With .13 percent of the vote
counted. the bond issue was carrying
by 207.530 to l24.429. or (r3 per cent
to .17 per cent.

State transportation officials
designed the build issue to be far
smaller than proposals which the
totem had rejected in I97I and
I973 those totaled $2.5 billion and
515 billion.

lhey hoped the relatively small
size. and the Itict that the rttil bond
was a single-locus program instead

ot the grab-bag. multi-l'unction ap-
proaclr ol the previous bond issues.

    
 
 

PAGE TWO

   

new You in"
run. u-lnoln illVicl

 

would win support.

llie issue had been endorsed by
most iiitijor state political ligurcs. in-
cluding both Republican (jov.
Malcolm Wilson and his
Democratic opponent. Rep. Hugh
Carey. and also by almost all
business. labor. taxpayerand "good-
govcrnriieiit" groups.

directly competitive with airlines for
downlown-lo-downttnvn senicc
Irorn Albany to New York mid cut
Iotir hours oh the lliillalo trip.

Ilttt ollicrnls gave more emphasis
to what they said were the potential-
ly' disastrous economic ellccts til it
tentattye ledet'al plan to pllil " out
LXIIII miles ol secondary. leeder"
freight lines in the state. the bond
money would help presene those
litres. they said.

I Some money would also go for
improvements on commuter
railroad and height yards. with the
total package. counting federal
assistance. coming to Still million.

 

 

  
 

ROME (AP)--»Henry A. Kissinger challenged the World Food con,

I 'Iht‘ "tilt!“clover/Photograph"described many "This fcrencc on 'I'uesdtiy to ignore national differeiiccsand establish ti globall

' ‘ I‘Ilkmll “Ixcumot'ts lulu NWWMOI' Peﬂcf- Witt" “cradles bank to provide reserves for lighting famine. ' 00d
his destination he finds himself “developing it sense of
Walden " lo the delight of'l'uesdiiy evening‘s audience ‘ ' " ‘
~ - I ~ ~ authority “to lose oureltortsund rovrde Ieadershi “f - '

IHenley was able to capture that peaceful mood on film. p p or [ht w‘mm hunger"

He said the United States has an open mind about a new world loud

"Let the nations gathered here resolve to confront the challenge not my
other." he told delegates of more than l00 nations at the opening sessinnol

story lecture series. sponsored by the m. H d. . r. . . nL. .. . .
N I I I I I I I I I I LI - .iycon crcpcc. I et usagrcethatthescaleand serverttyot lhcr- ..
“I” Y‘“ 5m“ “tl'u'lmtftlf'l thlmnmcmdltonm' quire a collaborative ell'ort unprecedented in history “ mm
vision and Atmospheric Sciences Research Center at .
SNY_“-_ .  . .. .
A "‘"M 'h“ Publ'c 'M “' “Wt-lL 1“ me “Im- marched through the city and demonstrated at the Colosseum against his

remaining lectures beginning November l2 I ceturesare ' '
V g - < resenc' in R e. ‘ ‘ ‘ »
IIcI‘I every IIIIILIII Iucway cvaIIII III IIIIIII III“ III IIC IIII p r om and terrorists attacked an American firm for llte lottrth

Transportation Bond Carries

As the American secretary of state appealed for unity. ltalitin it'll“;

day. The strong Italian Communist party is angry because of alleged
American meddling in Italian politics.

Btjlltli’l (AI’) Israeli troops carried off in a daring raid ltrestltrru
Lebanese village chief accused of cooperating with Arab roman.
Secretary ol State Ilcnry A. Kissinger started another Mideast [IL‘IICL'lllh-
sioii.

Witnesses said an estimated l5l) Israelis in helicopters swooped down on
the town ol Majdal Zoun. six miles from the Israeli frontier. just llcltllt‘
sunrise. lhey arrested Mttkhtar Arel'Suleiman and his l5-yeiir-old son Ali
and blew tip the family house after ()I‘dcl‘lngtllhcrlillllllylllUlllllClhlillt‘tllr

"llotlr were known to have cooperated with terrorists." the Israeli gotctn-
nieirt announced alterthc fathcrand son had been flown to Israel. It said lllt'\
were being detained for questioning.

lllt' Lebanese-Israeli border has been tense since Oct. l2 when at least lllt.‘
Arab guerrillas crossed into Israel and went into hiding. Since their lunch
Iorces have killed three Arab inl'iltratoi‘s. shelled a Palestinian rctngec t'tltltp
Irom the set and blown up houses in two Lebanese villages. Arnbs llilltilllt‘tl
several rockets at Jewish settlements.
wAsiiiN " i3: 

IIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIINI (AII’) IDemIocruts ptIiIrlayetl Republican scandals and
I it ll into it landslide ol oil-year election vtctorrcs ltrcidni.
strengthening theirgrip on Congress and capturing the gtlvcrnttrslttps ol \t'll
ork. Massachusetts and Connecticut. I
l'restdent Ford conceded his arty had been trounced. "l llthUttL't'L'plctl lllt'
 the President said. "I hose who lose often come brick to Win :llltllllcl
. .
llie Democrats swept easily to control of both Hous -' '- 4 - '
.c and Sunni. .uid to

 

 

 

L

 

  
  
 
 
 

 
  
 
  

  
  

 
 

 

 
    
  
   

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

   

 
 
 

     

 

 

  
 

  
 

Senator Jacob lelto makes vlctory statement In New York City.

y Daniel Goblet
 the microphone didn't work at

the Roosevelt Hotel when
. Republican Jacob .lavits gave his
victory speech. but the seventy year-
old Senatorwasable to compromise.
“Whatcan wedoaboutthis‘r‘heask-
ed. After a few moments he decided
to make the best of things. “Bear
with me.“

Making the best ofthings is Javits'
specialty and key advantage accor-
ding to his supporters. For example.
the New lorI'lt 'I'irrii's stiid in their
editorial supporting him. “Javits has
proven ability to translate sound ob-
jectives into legislative reality.“ To
hi ‘ detractors this is his chief draw-
back. Ralph Nader has said that
Jacob .lavits " waters down
progressive bills and then takes
credit [or them.“

.lavits won without working too
hard (he did not leave Washington
for lull-time campaigning until
October Clark worked lor six
iiiotrtlisl

With about ninety per cent of the
vote tabulated. Janis appears to
hir\c wort \titlt lorty-livc percent;

 

 

 

 

 
 

otsoeiatod protswiropholc

   7 Clark has thirty—nine percent:

Renting. ststecn rely/w [Irri'ttgr'rI/tlr

  

In Last Minute Concession

353;: e

 

by Ruth Boniface.
Stony llrook Multan/(Ill

tim criiot Malcolm Wilson loirghl
his race to the end. not admitting
tlclcat until midnight lasl night
rlcspitc the opposition reported by
public opinion polls and a
thicatctitngly wide margin
throughout the stale.

Wilson‘s loss to Representative
llugh ('iricy (Democrat. Brooklyn)
had been predicted darliet IlllS neck
by both “(ll/I .\r'n.i polls and it
Minn/oi -(/tlllllt'l poll.

A

With about ninety per cent of the
\ote tabulated. .ltttits appears to
have won witli lorry-live per cent:
‘lClark has thirty-nine per cent:
Ketitiiig 'ixtecn percent.
lhe carirpaigrr cost the three cari-
didatcs SLS million. It was a carn-
paign ol personalities: Clark tit-
tttckctl .Iti\lts as a “consummate
practitioner of the old politics."
while .lil\ll.\ warned til Clark‘s
"radical shtlts ol judgment."
.latits llctidtpiartcrs was It
Mttltltttltitu's Rtiose\c|t lltrtcl. It
became crowdctl about bill) p.rri..
With press and campaign workers
drinking and talking.

 

7r

minutes. He eyes Mrs. Brown; they
exchange happy waves; Brown turns
satisfied that her Jacob has
acknowledged her.

“A man could not be happier than
I am now.“ he began. The
microphone didn't work. but 'Javits
could be heard nonetheless. "In itc-
cordtince with tradition Mr. Clark
lrtis telephoned me  " A dry
political speech but an honest one. “I
can't say- that I enjoyed the personal
clashes’ of the campaign." He thunk-
ed everybody for a successful cam-
paign but expressed apprehension
about the “threat to the two-party
system" the Democratic landslide
implit. tt\ils also thanked his son
for filling iii during the campaign.

Alter his hithcr‘s \‘ictory s cech
.losh .layits stood drinking. ing
every girl Ill sight. "llello baby."thcii
s-ru-rr-r-Jr. and deep blushing.
"l:\ct'y'otte named him to come up
Iroiii Washington earlier. . .btit he
had an obligation." said Josh. All)’
surprises? "Well. Clark. I thought
it'd be I owcnstein." .losll .Itiyits
campaigned ltrr longer lliaii his
lather. talking to youth grotips arid
college caiitptiscs: lie was at SU N YA
two months ago.

lltc but at .latils Headquarters
was its lai' il\ ’tl)‘ lrointhe pltiItloi'mas
possible. A bearded prolcssor-type
stood iii the middle ol the room
holding two di inks and talkingto no
one. He wore it large red button that
upon closer inspection revealed itsell
:is "I “IN R SOIII'“. Ilc explained.
“Stirrup ()ttt llppity l’riccs. It's my
version ol tlic WIN button." lhc
innit is tttl eeonomist-lawycr lot' the
.Ioiiit lzconomie ('ommittec. work-
ing under Jay its. He too wasjust up
for the party.

Another young lawyer was eager

  

 

to talk. 'Jtivits isiueasytoetimpaigii .

     
        

forf'henldtwllu halhhoeret "

but .lavits-_repreeente me.“- He ex-
plained that he work '
for Javite. “I saw a‘ few weeks ago
that it might be close. so I called
them up and they started sendingmc
to talk to small meetings of various
organirations.“ Mr. Peter Pacowiilti
was his name. and he was elated.
“.lavits is going to be something like
the fifth ranking Republican; he's
really non-partisan . . . Iwas disap-
pointed with Clark."

Press Secretary I’cte 'l'ecley used
to work for ABC News. "It's the
same skills in a completely different
situation." be said. sitting in a large
hotel lobby chair. the party wasdis-
sols ing. and l’eeley was waiting for
.laiits. A more from journalism to
public relations is not that common.
Says lc -lcy': “I like to cliangeevcry
|t\c yea .. Did he get enough sleep
during the campaign? "of course
IliII. biit it‘s the pricey-on paon be in
the cscitcmenl. Now we're out ot‘it."

   

.lai its /ippcd otit ol the ClL‘\ttIt)l‘tll
“1.!” jun. * I here he is!“ exclaimed
lcelcy‘s wile. Assistants tried to
guide lltc Senator quickly through
the tiliiiost-cmpty' lobby. htit he
shipped to shake hands. with an
elderly black man iii a plaid suit.
"thanks \er much." said .ltt\lls
while waitrin shaking the man‘s
point. "t no pleasure. Senator." Willi
llls still behind him. .ltt\tls walked
tItlI ol the Rooscrclt llolel ’atid
hallway down the block: llc rind
st.i|l members cotriplctcly tillcd it
I‘lll yellow l-ord station wagon. It
was blocked by a Wilson liriiotistite.
"\loye out!" one aide shouted to the
chattllcur. lhcycllow wagon pulling
away wrisu reassuring sign that l .S.
Senator Jacob K. .la\its may not be
lat lrotn the people.

 

oepeaker 

C
it!

_. 5 
get it onjbr 2915!
the Ethnic: It'll I  South Wt Street - SI Lwli. “0 Mill
w“ I. I :1; payth to Aliment-Busch. Inc.)

1% III! i-iticr
unto luiﬂlrIUMnlll mas

  
  
 
  

  

 

m is um mr

 

"JIM

 

———_...__Irirr____up

_~

 

m e lull in uuuuy.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS '

  

riitIzcascd margins iii both branches of the 94th Congress.
I Lmocratth challengers were ousting Republican House VL‘IL‘ttttts on .r
wholesale basis.
Dc ' ' ' ' v- r - ' ‘ '
motrats took away Republican Senate seats in Colorado. in KCIIIUCl‘
and to Honda. ‘
llie '  ' - r ‘ '
III IIyI Indde to their big slate gubernatorial Victories Ill lilltL’lHt‘I nl
eat; Iitan goycrntirships in 'lcnnessee and Colorado.
I I v - u r' s 'v 'I' - - I
IIIIIIIC‘I ILI IIpIstrtlLuidc races lot senator and governor Ieaturcd tltc Intuit“l
II . ‘tl rose and tell on election day. the Democratic sweep illllmlcmh
\tclll deepest in the House.
|)I‘o"' ‘ r v-  »
IIIcch: tIrIl (iUI \cttrans were ousted or struggling to survive.
I d “on oi were leading for 250 House seats. Ill "10W “‘3‘” 'l‘“

curi'errtl ' I r s .. , _ I _
III‘IIIILIIIIl it Id. with returns yet to come lrotn the races in no congressional

NEW .
YORK (AP) Democrat Hugh Carey was elected governor ot \c“

York liictd-lyni . I I
e - glit ina l'Illd. . . ., , I I I I I
dtdtitcs lllltl ollicc, ‘ ﬁlm" V'Ll‘“) “till pulled other l)L'Ill()t.Irtllt our

U

 

.Scn.Jt' "' ' I
L'll‘llls .. I “I’ll K. .lavits bucked the Democrattctideand turned buck the
.I) urge til Dentoerat Ramsey Clark
emocr‘ . ' a" ’
IIIIIIy In [hilclLlIIIIlk tontroIIol the Assembly. but Republicans ClillllIL‘tl .r in.»
(IIIV MIIICIIItnaItIILII lhe (JOI’ had controlledxbotb houses.
Iy IIIIIIIIIILI midnIrIrIiII ItIIson. the Republican incumbent. conceded tlelcttl \ltirtl-
IUIJO PIIIII g . t. ollercd no reasons for his loss. Clark CW'W‘W "MM
Atty (ien Iou" '
I . . . is Lelkowrtz overC' ‘
a still Democratic lidc amt
ccuttvc til'licc lucsday.
III.clltowrtz. 70. won his fifth four-y
tent over Democrat Robert Abrams

an aggressive young challenger and

“I become the only Republican to win sttitcwidccv
i ll

car term lryra margin of abottl tor Pk“

. 3f). the Ilronx borouin president

WASHIN " - .
“m M") 5W"- J.W. Fulbright was reported in good condi-

tion I'uesd'i 'ift- ' ‘ '
llethesd. NlIy ‘ “I minor surgery. His office said he is cXPCCWd ‘” WW
I I.II a I .ival Lenter within It week
‘tl ri-it.D- " ' ' i' '
IIIIIILIIIWIIIgI IIIc  chairman ol the benate l‘oreign Relations CUIIWN'M'
IIILI WIIIIIIIII “III; IIgLry Monday. His office. in announcirigthis ltrcsdrtIW'“I
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIII I. tlhpllrllllcd "lor‘ sortie corrective surgery Wlth" ""‘J ml”
I III I lllllll the congressional races "
‘u rtgit.till. ' r   '
III» IIII  I wrisdcltattderultcrthisyctirinure-electionbtdaridwdll'm'
. . year Senate career in January

LONC ' '
' M‘ACH' ("'m- (M’l ~~Ptirt of Richard M. Nixon's right luugliro

colla sed' . . . . - - - -
NUII‘IIIcIﬂI'IIId IIIIIILILFIL was lltiid in his left lung. his doctor said 'I'uestlay.
IIIIIIWIIIIIIIIIII IIcIIHIlIlLlIlIISIIprobIeirrs was believed serious. and Dr. .lohri (‘
i ' ~ - ‘ x
IIWI‘IIIIIILI IIIch tr. lorer president to cough and breathe deeply l"

l ungrcn s ' '
. . ' and le .. . r . ~. .
m M hospiml mom I tlll') huddtrcctcd Nixon lotitkttnott walks

L""ltren said that

. that he somc' . . .~ .  ..
remained in serious 9. p ‘ml’chments. the lorrntr prestdtn

rndition and was "terribly physically weak.”

' NOVEMBERG, 1974

 

In his concession spccch Wilson
\\ rshcd Iltigh Carey a “sitcccsslul ad-
ministration." predicted a win lor
"our lrieird" Louis Lefkowitl. and
congratulated .la\its on being
"handsomely rc-elcclcd."

Dental distraction

Wilson‘s dclcttt alter seventeen
years lll state politics was not his
only problctri yesterday. According
to Wilson's daughter. Mrs. Kathy
('onre. tltc (ioyernor had been
plagued since Sunday by air abcessed
tooth which was extracted yesterday
rriornrng.

Campaign \oluntcct' Joe Ilen-
rttmtitiil llrooklyii. it Democrat lot‘
Wilson who has been soliciting cori-
trihuttpus under lltc auspices ol
“li‘icndb til (io\ernor Wilson." tin-
like patty regulars and bosses voiced
the gloomy sentiments tell by those
at Republican headquarters at the
Roosevelt Hotel. He said that
Watergate was a major factor eon-
tributing to Wilson‘s deleat. "I’eoplc
took II out on Wilson beet use he is a
Republican." llenjamin said that he
lotind Ill his soliciting that Sullolk
Republicans tended to identity with
the county Republican Committee
more than wrth state-wide com-
mittecs.

Watergate Inirt

Senator James l'. lluckly agreed
that Watergate hurt Wilson. He
called erson'sdeleat "ancriiotioniil
icactioii...to express cynicism in the
past land] to vote against the
Republicans." Ilc added that ‘I
think llllll ll reflects emotions rather
than thoughts."

State Republican (‘hatrnutn
Richard Roseribtiiim attributed
Wilson‘s low voter stippoit to "Infla-
tion as the pardon ol Ior'tnct' Presi-
dent Richard Nixon." Rosenhtiurn.
however. was optimistic throughout
most til the evening and said “these

NOVEMBER 6, 1974

Ms. I’irt Richter was in charge of
orgarn/uig the local “citi/ens‘ corri-
mittecs“ in New York City I‘m http-
py that questions were raised in the
campaign about money and ethics.
these issues cannot be avoided
anymore." It was personal. but “how
eotrld you ntoid it'.’ they were so
close on cict‘ythmg." iid Richter.

Mt‘s. Ilrowir rs .lavits' Personnel
Assistant in Washington. She came
tip _|ust lot' the party. “He‘s just
great.“ she sttid twice.

Clapping. cheering. but no .lavits.
two such lalsc alarms. Finally. the
Senator coiitcs Ill. quickly tnovingto
stand behind the podium. llesmrlcd.
listening to the cheering for a few

 

   

oiioeioted oruswirophoto

Malcolm theon
problems make us work much
harder bitt we will surrriourit all of

 

this."

However. later in the evening
before Wilson acknowledged deleat.
Rosciihuum made ariannouncement
saying that R epitbli ’tllts “know how
to hit attd we know how to rollwitlt
the punches. Keep your spirits tip
because we are in this right to the
end."

g Election Analysis:

é

 

-i.

    

by Robert Mayer

livo ycrii's alter Richard Nixon lctl his party iii ti landslide victory. the
Derriocrats appeared to have finished a substriiitiitlsweep pl their own. lherc
has been a mttjtrl' erosion ol Republican representatives in the House. with
the strong likelihood that Democrats will have gaitred 48 new seals. I'our
lot incr'ly chttbli 'an Serrale seats have gone to Democrats. and out ol'lhetert
largest states nine Will have Democratic governors.

It is clear that the democratic vtcory is attributed to the electortitc‘s convic-
troii that the Republicans have been more responsible for the nation‘s ills that
tile Democrats. Not only have Watergate and the economy worked against
the Republicans in this election. but. so has history. Iii any ofl'yetii' election.
the out-party has always gained; btit not since Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
has the out-party gained such it significant victory.

llic tuttirc import ol this election tiitty trot be certain. lhere was never
iiittcli \ alitltty to President I‘ortl‘s assertion that ii huge Democratic victory
would result in a "legislative dictatorship.“ Even with the two-thirdsmajority
in the House. it is unlikely that Democrtitsctin band togethertocl'l'eeta volc-
prool Congress. l'or‘ example. III the old lloiise only [89 members were in
layor ol giving the President powers to control wages and prices. The new
Congress will have about 2l2 iiicrirbers who would support such measures.
that is not enough to enact legislation and certainly not enough to override ll
I'r'estdcntinl veto. (lii cutting the budget. I42 members of the old llouse
pi'elcrr'cd slicing the tleterisc budget rather tltari domestic spending. In the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Carey Beats Wilson

continued from page one

Wilson was a big reason for the ceiling Went into effect. In the
Carey's overwhelming victory. llrc election campaign. however. be
present Governor. in the eyes of spent about all million a million
litany people. was seen as a bland. less than Wilson spent.
colorless rriaii. Carey on the other lhc llrooklyii Democrat sotight
hand. had com 'ri .' tl colorful. lltc governorship because "the es-
mdcpcntlent chair with God. ccritiyc hrtiiiclr may bear irioreolthc
lariiily.tind tlrchmocratictradition burden ol rcsponsthilty but it also
on his side. ' hasmoreot a chitiicctorbmingti im-

Cai'ey drew sortie criticism in his [mug-
primary rncc becasuc he spent$2.55
million (sortie lrotn his family‘s oil lltrgh Carey may eicnlllilll.‘ 3W
wealth] in seeking the nomination, New York as too coltllllllltlr “9m”!
lhis ligure is over the recently- “ant to gel government back into
passed campaign spending limit but the hands ol mote ol the people. All
Carey diseiitiigled himself from that cwttllttl ltttlllWliI" “Mme” “"de
potential problem by saying that his name with other Presidential
part of the money was spent before hopetuls. I'erhnps they‘re right.

 
 

r

 
 

 
 

 emocrats Look Toward ’76

new House. less than a majority wrll lavor cutting the defense budget. In
regard to health insurance paid otrt ol Social Security taxes. the new Coti-
gt'css may haresome impact. In tlicold llouse. I97 Congressmen were in sup-
port ol it: III the new House. it is estimated that 222 members would support
such legislation. lhis is just a bare majority eiiotigh to pass but not enough
to override the veto. lhcsc figures suggest that in the new Congress. a slim
majority does not want wage and price control. does not want the dclense
birdch out. hiit (by a small majority) wants the establishment of it govern-
ment health insurance program.

I he Democratic sweep ol'(lovernors will have a considerable effect on the
I‘lltr Presidential elections. With nine out ot'tlie ten largest populated states
controlled by Democratic governors. the chances of securing their states'
electoral college votes are very promising. In addition. these Democratic
(iovernors cart he expected to throw their political weight behind a
Democratic presidential candidate.

One thing this election has certainly done is to reverseIItlIie effect of the I972
Democratic debacle. For the Republicans. it is u defeat’thtit miist be reckon-
ed with if the party is to survive the coming decade. An entirely new band of
political stars will emerge from yesterday's election and for the most part.
the ‘ arc Dctiioeratic. The names of llirch llayh bl”~l'ndiana. Hugh Carey of
New York. Rirbin Askew of l’lor'ldii. Ditle Bumpers ofArkanstis. and John
(ilcrin of Ohio. will all surface in a Democratic pitrty as it Iooksforwurtl with
fresh resolve to the next Democratic election.

PAGE THREE

 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
    
 
  
 
     
    
  
 
   
   
    
 
   
    
    
    
     
    
    
 
      

 
    
  
  
  

       
       
        
  

 

 

