   
     

 
  
   
  
 
    
  
   
   
   
    
  
   
  
  
 

 

 
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
   
 
 

  

  

‘kuﬂt‘mwwdkm -

 

M

  

 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 



 

"WW-ﬁmvw./~.’=-..».-..M..sx»ww...rs .

 

 

2’
..
a
{

 

‘ ‘ turn with thisin onnstton. . ‘ ‘ by Eights Curran! .'

  

he reaches, "he. should be " more
careful] knowledgeable about\what he writes.
He should not. as" in this case rely on
misinformation and hearsay.

This type of oppression affected ALL Gay
people everywhere in thireount'ry. We were
affected ‘becaus'e‘of‘an’implicstlon. planted in
those readers' minds who don't know beans
about homosexuality, ’ that honiosexuals'are
untrustworthy. This may seem like a small
matter, about which I’m writing. It is not.
What i have done is point out a sly and subtle
example of Gay' oppression. All too often I
hear from other Gays that they do not feel
oppressed. Therefore, as a Gay who does see
his/ her hppression. why should they join the
Liberation Movement?

You should ‘join' in some way, because the
Movement is still necessary. You just haven’t
taken the time to fully understand your
position-ass homosexual in thissociety. When
you take the time to examine your position.
you will see just exactly how you are being
oppressed. lam not talking fiction.lPick upan
issue of TheAtIvUL-ate. Fag Ray or The Dyker
Unite newsletter. glance through them and
you will ﬁnd many examples of one kind of
oppression. Better yet. read through an issue
of your localdaily newspaper. Let yourself be
impressed by what you DONT read. 50 you
see then. that the Movement: is still quite
necessary. In a setrtencc.ithc attitudes which
created and keep this a ireteroscxurtlly
oriented society are still functioning. The
Movement must cause the elimination of
those laws used to harass. intimidate and jail
Gay people. The Movement must effect a
change in the social conditioning process of
this society to cautner the negative aspects.
towards homosexuals, which continue to exist

. in this country‘s value system.

Oppression comes in many forms and will

not end until those who arcl oppressed end it.‘

Larry Kclehcr

The Removal

To the tzditurzl

On December 3, I974. I. Jimmy Brown. a
freshman and candidate for the office of
President of the Class of'78. was informed by
Ira Birnbaum (Vice-President ofS.A.) of my
alleged ineligibility for the position. This
resulted in the removal of my name from the
official voting ballot. It is this action taken
under direction of S.A.. which prompted my

Just as our nstttralenvlronment seems to be
plummetting down. a close look at our mental
environment seems to indicate something
seriously wrong. Traditionally. universities

, The fact is. my‘clsss dues have been paid.
in ed’under the E.0.P Program

‘ _ Valrdity‘ofjthis statement.
lam seriously confused and disturbed at the .
lack of copskieration given this matter; and
demand that the'present election for President
of the Class of ‘78 be made invalid since my
name was illegally removed from the ballot.
Jimmy ,Brown
Candidate for President. Class of '78

 
   
 

sometimes over-idealistic thinking. It seems.
. however. that a debauched sense of
practicality has pervaded our litre of thinking.
Many in today's student body. asawhole. will
do nothing they will not immediately proﬁt
from—or dropping my negttives—will do
anythingfor a profit. What is most frightening
. o v ' - g in this. however. is the willingness of many to
nghf.0n Coffeehouse compromise thetr honor and tntegnty tn
V vogue any longer to boast of how hard you
worked to get a grade—but perfectly
acceptable to relate how clever you were in
cheating on your last exam or how “dumb”
your professor must be to give you a B on your
oider‘brothcr‘s l967 term paper.

To the Edito .: .

I just want to thank Indian Quad Board and
the people who run theircoffeehouse fordoing
a greatjob. The donuts, coffee.entertainmcnt
and people are all friendly. good and
thoroughly enjoyable. The atmosphere in
Indian Quad's. ﬂagroom Sunday night is
unlike any to be found on this campus; a non-
alcoholic. and relaxed night-before-classcs-
begin feeling is evident. This isexcellent use of
SA and quad money.

To some extent this syndrome can be traced
to the famed "competition" here at SUNYA.
Students are studying more and more as they
become caught up in an unceasing cycle
involving a risingcurvc on exams vs. increased
slirdyinngh‘c entire picture begins to resemble
Joseph ilcllcr‘s Calf/1221 no matterltow many
missions a pilot flew the required nttrnhcr was
always just one more—likewise. no matter
what gradcn student gets. the proverbial curve
is always a little above that.

Randi Berger

Fruit of the Vine

For the many career. grad. med. or law
school aspirants no grade below an A is
acceptable» ~in their minds. The amount of
time being spent in preparation for exams in
these ﬁelds is incredible. Professors. in turn.
are obliged to make the exams more difficult
in order to obtain a distinguishable
distribution of grades. 0n the other hand. a

To the Editor:

NOTE: In regard In an AS I’ arlir'le, "Elderly
Housed at Buffalo Stale. " the following letter
was wriltcn to Ken Nugent. the writer oft/w
article. from his gram/father.

To Ken:

Reply to a young. untried and
inexperienced grape by an old and
experienced "Raisin" who has knowingly
expended some of the “Juices of life
grapcwise" in gaining the status of a Raisin!

lhappcn'to think all young "Grapes" should
bow down in deference to all the wisdom a
“Raisin” obtains in his transformation. May I
present an age ulrl cliche/2 "They came to
mock rind remained to Pray!“

Young grapes as a rule are plump and full of
.Iuice! So many ofthcm fall from the vine and

To Our Readers:

K have been the center of creative. free. and .

'pursuit of theatmightygrade. It is hardly the _

' chemistry professor recently gave an exam of

reasonable difﬁculty—as a‘nsult the mean
was quite high. To his surprise. the professor
found some students complaining that the
exam was too easy. One student felt cheated
because the ridiculous particular he had
memorized the night before was not asked.
and therefore. someone who did not bother
with this (only to forger what he had
ntemoriled themoment the ink dried)darer/to
get the same grade as our conscientious
fanatic. In the same vein. professors find they
can no longer spend the final minutes of a
lecture on material of interest. which is not to
be on the renowned exam. Without hoalf the
class boiling for the doors.

In a recent speech at Tufts University. the
University president declared that academic
endeavor had reached. as he phrased it.
“flood-tide." Administrators sccm pleased to
see studetrts “burning the late-night candle“
rather than their draft cards. They should.
however. be wary: for it seems a precious part
of college life has passed away from us these
last years. Arid as the class of'75 retires. it may
vanish altogether. Students participating in
extra curricularnctivitics is at a low perhaps
an “ebb-tide." The once intellectual
universities are becoming grade factories. and
their students. the factory workers.

The old axiom of “all work and no play...“
can clearly be seen here. Every facet of your
life goes into making your environment. lllltl
an adverse cnvirortrncnt can affect us
adversely. Too many hours in the library.
enveloped in the competition. pressure.
suspicion and duplicity quickly coming to
dominate college life. cant be like inhaling
exhaust fumes you‘ve got to step ottt for a
breath of fresh air sometimes. perhaps more
often titan you think.

What is Collegium?

lluctttlsc of the many problems we face in these troubled times. the need for communication I\
more important than ever. All our established institutions are disintegrating at their \cr'\
foundations. Erosion is stemming from within the institutions themselves. ‘

In the desire to irclp establish greater and vital communication within the lllll\t.'l’\ll\
community. the ASP is going to rc-cstablish tin: Collegium section. .

What is Collegium? it is the dialogttc between l'ttcultyand students. the learning members ol

comm

 

even reach their potential. which is becoming
an old and tasty Raisin!

So if you are fortunate cnouglt to cling to
the vine in the process of becoming a Raisin.
may I suggest you expend your Juice wisely.
thereby perhaps reaching the venerated target
of Three Score and Ten which is what the
lliblc rewards to most old and respectable
Wrinklcd "Raisins"!

Once seeded but now seedless.
John J. Kunz
(age 74)

THESE WHORS

the connntmity. As last year's Colicgittm editor stated. “To open this vital area of
communication. if only by gleaming a small sliver of light from one faction into the eves of
another faction. is the goal of L‘ollcgiu m. Iiy opcn rind uninhibited communication. pcrhhpsne
cart prevent arbitrary bureaucratic decisions made in the dark. This universitvcornrnunitv must
not stagnate because views were not aired. Thus. faculty and students are urged to cottfrihtttt'
writings on any issue that may arise within this body of scholars. (‘ollcgium can function only
wrth the communication bctwccrt its members." A

‘Wc are looking l'orsomconewho will act as coordinator forthc (Yollcgitttn page. someone who
wrll obtain and help edit the material Anyone who is interested. please call me at 465-4090.

Mindy Altman
Editorial Page Editor

501? N THE

HAVE 6NUEI7 ===-—\ Mariam“, ===~
SWTH 8V :3 sense to wares é
551mm are E My REQtXSST =3
STRICT sense ; MADE, \5

or THE warez? @2 mess RUMORS @
FACTUAL.

  
   
 

 

Dist. PubllIhIrIJIIII swarm. \4V

fit/50 PLEASE SUPPORT
WEI,

rzrzr anwﬂam

UP ELIEV
ah” Batista ()6
. I6 WT
WONT I 170 c
PO. BEST ‘1”.

ED‘IEAUSEW

  
  
 
  

//
8

g .
ll/l/
(i///%%

s
i

8 H
[43>
rtllltl

at
El)
qgrit-i
12
all“ r

 

 

 

 

  

n5 .

byllolrsrl “I!” ’

V When Gerald Ford became the 38th
President of the United States there was some
reason for optimism. Richard Nixon with all
his diabolical. scheming and inoperative
remarks was vacating the ofﬁce in all the
disgrace and humiliation he_so deserved. The
nation which had become so absorbed in the
ordeal of Mr. Nixon’s crimes was looking
foward to a more open. trusting, and caring
administration. Gerald Ford’s conserVative
voting record may not have reflected the mood

For the millions

 

who cannot find employment in this country of ours.
Ford's assertions that we won‘t have a de‘presslon

are as worthless as the paper money

the government continues to circulate.

. I But’Who Is Going

hope someone is watchingtheinr. Force; '
‘ ' (lateral

Each day Americansare told of new layoffs
numbering in the thousands. At present. these
layoffs have been more of less limited to a few
industries. particularly the car makers. But
automobiles are made from steel and rubber
and electrical equipment. and require
transportation and marketing. So it is only
time before US! Steel. Goodyear. Penn
Central. Union Carbide.and a host of smaller
enterprises react to the economic inversion.
Then the layoffs will spiral. unemployment '
lines will lengthen. thousands more will be

 

 

of the nation as a whole. but neither was it
alien to the sensibilities of a huge chunk of
America. The image ofan honest. if somewhat
awkward politician spurned a sense ofclation
within the hearts of the electorate.

llut now. some four months into his
Presidency. Gerald Ford is proving an
amazing insensitivity to the serious problems
facing not only the United States. but the rest
of the world as Well. Mr. Ford‘s provincial
conservatism. his inability to sense the
threatening economic future. and his
reluctance to act independently of advisors
who are giving him poor advice at best.
diminishes with each passing day. any chance
that he will lead us out of our present moral
and economic dilemmas.

One can easily tracel‘rcsidcntFord‘s failings
to the pardon of Nixon. but it goes beyond
that. Mr. Ford has never been perceived as an
innovative imaginative legislator. It is no
surprise that in 25 years lll ('ongrcss. many of
which \Vcrc spent as Republican leader in the
House. not once was lte considered by his
party as a candidate for either President or
Vice-President. 'I‘hnt speaks for itself.

lint Mr. Ford is well aware of this. He
knows that for the first time in our history we
have a President. and are about to get a Vice-
President who have not been elected to their
offices. Mr. Ford undorthtcdly feels uneasy
about this. httt worse. he feels obligated to
maintain much of tltc status quo at n time
when precisely the opposite is demanded.
Gerald Ford does not rettli/c that the system
We have lived under is eroding and what is
most required from a President today is the
iniativc to change our system. particularly the
economic arrangement.

llis trips to the Far East. his vctos of bills
assured passage. his remarks about the
economy. nil demonstrate how dangerously
out of touch he is with the reality of these
times.

eligible for beneﬁts that can only last for a
finite period and inevitably chxpcricnce, if
not a depression. certainly the most serious
recession in this century.

Alan Greenspan. chairperson of the
President's Council of Economic Advisers. is
now talking about 7% unemployment by
Spring I975. That is a conservative estimate.
and while few forsce the 25% level of the
“(ircat |)cpression.“just look at the figures in
Detroit. New York City. Newark and you are
talking depression statistics. For the millions
who cannot find crnploytncnt in this country
of ours. Ford's assertions that we won't have a
depression are as worthless as the paper
money the government continues to circulate.
For this large grottp of Americans. we are in a
depression. (icrrtld l-‘ord offers "WIN"
buttons.

(‘ornpound mg all of this is what economists
now call ‘stttg-flation;" tltc effects of a
confirming inflation and a no growth
economy (recession). But the Inflation is a
profound mystery to runny pcoplc. including
the President “hose ustutc reference to it as
“public enemy number I." und his fatherly
ad\ rec to eat ctcrythrng off your plate. comes
as no comfort to Wall Street brokers who are
watching the Dow Jones sink below the
panicking Silt) mark.

Chairperson Iiurns ol the Federal Reserve
liourd warns that "a long and continued
inflation at anything like tltc prescnt rate
would threaten the very foundation of our
society." What is the saying? Pctc Hamill.
Inrtncr columnist with the NY I’m-I. wrote in
his last piece. “Anythingcan ltnppcn. inflation

after the l‘l‘L‘IIL‘lI Revolution led to Napoleon.

inflation in the \Vcirnnr Republic led to Hitler.

At the moment. we have reached only the

familiar Depression stage of rcligtousconmen.

lint there could be a I'L'lll man on a white

house gearing up ottt in those boon docks. and

for now. as we try ottt best to cut and gel by. l
_ .__.__._..

 

l (humid—Egg!)

am 35 Au“ ‘tll'lll mi south or MUSIC

ill
simian - swim
{at war gills at

‘8'“ null) RSO

 
   
  

RECESSiON WiLL an
5 WE TASTE or sum“.

Hamill wrote this two monthsbefo A. .
Brown. chairperson oftlienlointa ,‘ _ _‘of'
Staff made his remark that thefjewm'you‘
know they own the banks and newspapers. .."
What could be more ominous.
Gerald Ford isa firm believer in the Divine
right of Capitalism. But it is the capitalist free
enterprise system along with greedy big labor
that have brought about this havoc. The
United States govemmentisnotdoingadamn
thing to curb the inﬂation that is caused by
monopolistic price fixing. Even while
housewives are discovering their grocery bills
have doubled in two years and their utility bills
in some cases tripled. Exxon is reporting
profits of over 100% in one year alone. Does
Gerald Ford understand the improbability of
success in a system like this? His advice—turn
down the thermostat and drive at 55 MPH.
American labor must also realize that they
have been acting just like the fat cat business
tycoons. You can not produce less. earn more.
attain better beneﬁts. without something
giving. After years of demanding “more.
more. more" the dam is about to break. When
Gerogc Meany wassupporting LBJ's efforts in
lndo-Cbina because the war was generating
jobs. why didn‘t he consider the consequences
of a 200 billion dollar price tag that added to
an already serious national debt? Why didn't
the unions sneak It i when the corporate debt

    

    
    

theyalone  rforwhichtliera V
substitutefroniSZJO samtto‘sn-s All
a sudden-the Western nations discovered _
monetary reserves were being
depleted. Arabs ivere purchasing eledmnic
companies in Japan. .sutomobile
companies in West Germany. real estate it
New York. and in one yearseoreth staggering
70 billion dolhr haul. In I975 they will take in
.90 billion. and according to the World land.
by I900 the Arabs will have put away sou
billion dollars in liquid surplus capital._AI a
result. in six years time. the Arabs willhoid
over 70% of the world‘s monetary resources.
With those kind of ﬁgures. the Arabs can
destroy the Western economy. Does Ford
understand the perils of this rapidly changing
shift in wealth? Apparently not as long as the ’
oil companies are still getting a good shake.
Bombs for the Hungry
Add to all of this a World Food crisis that
tokill‘ ‘Jof‘ ‘ln
overpopulated. underdeveloped nations of the
world. It is no wonder that India shot off an
atomic bomb. Surely they believe that some
day their nuclear capabilities may be more of
an asset to the hungry millions than new
schools and hospitals.
America is not alone. The countries of
Eurooe are in no better shape. Italy is broke

 

 

  
 

  
   

@cemlin aiming,»

     
    

019:. be its. sharia.

in this nation went over the ltalf trillion dollar
rnark‘.’ Didn't labor realize that SOOI‘ICFOI‘ ltttcr
that debt would have to be paid and who did
they think was going to pick up the tab'.’()r did
they inst bask in the euphoria of inflated pay
chccks.’

(ic ra Id Ford says Americans must “bite the
bullet" bill the people that order the bullets.
make the bullets. profit from the bullets. scrtd
young men to fire the bullets are apparently
sacrosanct. One of tire surest guarantees of
continuing inflation and deepening recession
is feeding the appetite of n insatiable war
machine. We spend 90 billion dollars a year
now on the military and have the capability to
destroy the USSR 200 times over. Does Ford
perceive anything wrong with this‘.’ He comes
brick from Vladivostok and talks about u
"breakthrough" in rtrms control. Now both
sides will only be able to blow each other up
250 times over.

If we did not have enough problems
ourselves. we have the Arab oil producing
nations to thank for making things worse. The
Arab oil nations witnessed Americnrt oil
companies drttirt the oil for years wltile paying
only a fraction of its worth. So the oil

countries banded together and decided the

RALPH— not: units
lilSTNlT-‘ll'b not 10
mar now assent

and only survives because otherntttionsknmv
that if Italy falls the bttllgumc is over.
Commercial banks have already portrcd l0
billion dollars irtto ltttiy's economy in just the
last two years. If Italy falls. so do those banks.
and if they fall. the failure of the Austrian
(‘rcditanstait in l‘)3l will look like the closing
of u lemonade stand. lirtginnd suffers frorn the
most seven: in flittionand unemployment in her
history and alrettdy people are asking whether
democracy can survch there. The other
European nations can not afford to buy fuel at
these texorbiuurt prices ttnd lull face the real
possibility of national bankruptcy.
Not the 

No one person can with any degree of
confidence elttim to bcnble to solvenll oftltese
problems. Such a person would undoubtedly
be a dcmagoguc. llut this nation and the world
necds the kind of leadership that can at least
correctly identifying the problems and their
causes correctly. President Ford says “our
greatest drmger today is to fill! victim to the
more exaggerated alarms that tire being
generated about the underlying health and
strength of our economy." This kind of talk
only convinces people that lie is notthe mun.

 

Now both sides will only

 

be able

to blow each other up 250 times over.

 {to} V/

 

 

 

PAGE THIRTEEN

 

  

 

 

   
 

 

