  

  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
   
   
 
   
 
 

 

..._.,..,.KA . .

  
  

  

'onn0uncing...

Ah yes! Money. Page SF of todays Perspectives lists the ap-
propriations of all the SA groups, and since we all put sixty-four dollars
in the hands of SA’s Central Council each year, it might be worth a
glance. Money, for better or worse, is the main concern of SA and the
issue that sparks the, greatest controversies between students.

Perspectives is moving right along, as is the rest of the world. if there’s
something a student or professor wants to investigate or has already in-
vestigated and deserves magazine exposure like that here, we'd surely
like to talk to you.

As for the rest of the world: The ASP received a letter yesterday from
“Kenyatta Bey it l3l-795" who wrote:

'To: Whomever;

I am writing to request a special, and perhaps unusual, favor of. you. It
would be greatly appreciated if you would publish the following ad in
your campus newspaper...or what have you.

“HELP! Political Prisoners in the state of Ohio. Desire cor-
respondence with sincere people in the Albany, New York area. Wisdom
is found within...to know yourself, you must first understand others.”

Write to: Lee Barnett #138-040, or; Bwana Ali Badu #135-999, or;
Kenyatta Bey #l3l-795...P.0. Box 787...Lucasville, Ohio 45648.

The three of us would sincerely appreciate your concern in this matter,
and your willingness to assist one who is DOWN.

A Man Alone,
Kenyatta Bey #131-795

Yes, well . . . Enjoy, the issue.

—Dam'el Gaines

 

An essay on the number one alternative sport...

Frisbee!

Legal Rights For Mountains And Trees 

Nature Gets Her Bay In Court

Maybe the new cycles pushed the hemlines up...

Bikes In Culture

Thinking of bike robbery? Be careful with these chains...

3P

3P

4P

PIBG Study (In Bike Chains & Cables 41’

A few hints for your next twovwheelcd excursion...

Bicycle Touring

A Tourguide 0! The Charles Dickens...

Working In London

5P

61’

Nottingham: Maid service and trash pickup outside your door...

A Semester In England

We pay '64 a year. Where does it go?...

Budget Review (If SA Groups

6P

8P

 

PAGE 2P

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SEPTEMBER 24, 1974

 

   
   
     
   
   

   
  
 
  
  
  

 
  

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 

liy Randi B. 'I‘oler

II the day is sunny and tire weather agreeable. one had better watch ottt for low flying
objects. On every qttad. botlt on Alumni and Uptown. Albanystudents have become
hooked on hurling I't'isbces at one another. just for the fun of it.

l‘or spectators. it's a great sight to look ottt from the top of one of the towers and
look dowrt at all tlte dilfercnt colored fresbees being flung across the air irtto pairs of
rcaclting hands.

I lirrd it quite iritcrcstirtg to watclt the different techniques ttscd for throwing and
catclturg. lhcre's the under-tlrc-leg beltind-tltc-back toss. and of course the between-
tltc-knces catch. the more one contorts his body. the more talcrttcd the participant.
Ihe rnanr idea is to loss and catch the frisbce iii as many ways as possible without lall-
rng flat on your lace.

«\ctually. lrisbec throwing is really a very relaxed lorrn ot'escrcise. One can get a
good workout while appearing vcry nonclralant abotrt the whole thing. And for those
wlto enjoy more organi/cd sports there isalwayslrisbec football. lr'risbcc throwing cart
he a great outlet lor' lrnstrated jocks. lhc guy who can't make the football team cart
illlti lame arid happiness irt art cxhilirating game ol trisbec.

Another good aspect it has I'orthe tron-athlete isthat yotr cart play alldayartd never
lose. lhen agarrt yotr can nc\er win either. btrt lorsoitte people it‘s better to play it safe.

Another reason to play lrisbcc is that it isa great way at rncctirtg people. All yott hate
to do is hit someone witlt a lrisbcc (accidentally ol course) and communication is
bound to take place. Once you‘yc apologi/cd lot' being so clumsy. there‘s no tcllittg
what yotrr conrersation cotrld ttirrt into.

So it you Irnd yottr social lile lacking or you‘re developing a spare-tire around the
rrrrdtllc. pick up a Irrsbcc. toss it to the nearest person and see what happens.

  

  
  
 
  
   
 
  
    
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
    
    

Legal Rights For Mountains And Trees

Nature Gets Her Bay In Court

by Dennis (i. Ilanson

A new theory w hich cottld
rcyolulioni/c cmironmental litigation
may giyc trees. lakes. animals. and other
non-human natural resources the "right"
to sue.

Using the "equal protection under the
law“ doctrine. a law professor at the Un-
rycrsity of Southern California.
Christopher I). Stone. proposes to give
the natural world legal "rights." ll.al first
glartcc. this appca r'sla r—l'ctchcd,rcrncmbcr'
that the law now permits corporations,
trusts. estates. and sundry other irr—
anirnate cntitres to ltayc lawsuits ittitiatcd
irt their behall.

Stone argues that at present a pollutcr
or other delilcr of the environment can
only be challenged iti court by the in-
dryidual or irtdividttals who are directly
injured by the alleged oilerise. What
happens. the pr'olcssor tlsks. it tltc victims
larl to bring suit because they also happen
to be polluters. don‘t care about ctr-
\rrortnrcntal dcspoiltrtion. or are
beholden to the guilty partics‘.’

As l..:l. 'I'I'nrcr columnist lid l"lattau
notes. trttdcr Stone‘s thesis. an cri-
yironrncntal group could enter the pictttrc
rrr the irtstatrccsahove and act on beltalfof
tltcaggricycd party. be it a forest, lake. or
rrvcr. It the natural resource won lltc
court test. monetary darrtagcs could go
directly into a lttrrd to eradicate the en-
vrronrncntal abuse. Currently. the lines
which convicted polluters pay are dis-
tributed to Individual complainants or. if
a governmental body is the plaintiff. are
deposited iii the general treasury. in
neither case is much ol the money ever
lunnclcd hack to rectily the acttral en-

SEPTEMBER 24, 1974

\rrorrmcntal dcyastation. Moreover. gi\- attorney general is using Stone's
rrrg natural pheriorncrta standing itt court arguments Ill litigation pcrtairtirtg to fish
would compel jtrdgcs to reaclt a final kills. arrdCalilorniaprosecutorsarc plati-
determination and remedy by considering nirrg to employ tltc same strategy to win
the damages totlic cttvironrncntas wcllas compensation Ior tlte destruction of
to tltc rndiyrdtrals involved. wrldlrtcduringthc lamousSanta llarbara
Stone is not suggesting that because orl spill.
trccs would acquire rights they could l’r'olcssor Stone says that a judge
rrcycrbc ctrtdown by man. All he is saying should treat natural objects in the satire
is that htrrnart needs tntist be taken into manner as inlants. senile persons. and

    

 

 

....~———~/
*i 1““
r- \\
Wig; )\\‘ )s
i ‘k’lfi" ‘ 5‘ in .~ a P,
T " 

 

 

 

 

 

_#
warm {ea-cm
account btrt not totlte cxcltrsionoflhe ctr- other individuals who are unable to
\ironrnerrt. His ideas have not gonetotal- manage their own affairs. This means ap-
ly unrecognized by the legal profession. poirttitig a guardian. probably in most
1” “‘0 l"°ll'PllbliClI-0(i Mim'l'ﬂl Milt: case. cases an environmentalgroup.torepresent
US. Supreme Court Justice William O. the nonhuman natural entity in all
Douglas expressly endorsed the Califor- matters. legal and otherwise.

nia professor‘s theory. Livestock were the professor‘s proposal isnot without
granted standing to sue iii a recent New potential llrtws.Supposetlieorganization
York City case involving a complaint designated as guardian by the court
against ritual slaughter. The New Jersey proceeds to pursue a policy repugnant to

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

lcllow eny ironrnentalists. Legal
procedures c\rst lot' the rcmo\a| of an Ill-
cornpetant guardian. but tltc burden oI
prool on a challenger rtrakcs tltc process
ditlicrrlt to utilize succcsslully. One way
to drrnirrislr this threat worrld be for the
cortrt to appoint as guardian a board of
trustees composed ol t'ept'esclttatites
Irom a broad range ol enyironmcntal
groups.

I’otcntial polluters wotrld undoubtedly
charge that Stonc‘sthcory would increase
trrrcs astrortornically. perhaps c\cn
proltrbrtnely.

I'nyil'oltlltcntttiists might be unhappy
that thc e\tcnsion of standing to natural
objects would probably pt‘eycntarnderthc
rtrlcs ol ci\ ilprocedure.lollow-upstrits by
dillcrcnt conscryation groups it the initial
court action it'liicd to correct the abuse.
finally. onc ritight contend that if trees
and riy ers Itayc a right to sue. they should
also be held liable fordarnages.asin the
case of forest lit'csand floods. lltc money
would be paid out ol'a fttttd dcr'i\cd from
successful court actionsagainst polluters.

lhis viewpoint may seem unrealistic.
How could one calculate nature‘s degree
ol guilt‘! indeed. most scientists maintain
that natural disasters are part of a vital
renewal process for the Iatid and water on
which otrr srrr\ ival dcpcttds.

Stone is not dismayed by the reset-
unions to his theory ortlic refinements he
readin admits it will require. He thinks
widespread judicial acceptance of the
concept is near.

 

lh'nnis [Italian is an (‘l/ilm' jbr the
National llr’i/tllt'li' I-‘ctlw’tllionh' Conser~
vatlon News.

PAGE 3P

  
 

