 

 

 

 

move would‘yhurt his Chances in the

y " 'l‘iiesdiiy election. He ordered the

 [sing of the school. Portage Coun-
. tyjProsecutorRonald Kane.a fellow
Republican. asked Rhodes to close

the school for a period of time.,

school to stay open. the guard to re-
main on campus. and a ban on all
demonstrations and rallies. He

could not help but know that the
Monday rally httd been called for

“prior to the RO‘I'C burningand the I

town trashing,

The stage was sci. Fear of
students. l'etir ofthe changes they ad-
vocated. and the rigid orders of a
man seeking reelection as governor
added up to a death warrant for
Allison Frause. Sandy Schcuer. Jeff
Miller. and Bill Schroeder. Rhodes
set the tone for his orders by
characterizing the students at Kent
us “worse than brown shirts“ or
“crittimunists.”

Several hours after the Rhodes
meeting was held. students began to
congregate near tltc Victory Bell and
a march around catnpus began.
When the crowd approached the
dormitory area. they were faced with
lines of National Guardsmen. The
guard broke up the demonstration
with massive yolleys' of tear gas. it
became an accepted. fact that. the

next day would bring another testrof
the demonstration ban. H , mp

At noon Monday. there Iwere over
llltltllh‘students on theWCommons
between the burned RQII‘C building
and l'aylor Htill. When the guard
ordered them to, disperse. the
students replied with chants. yells
and a few rocks. The guard ad-
vanced. forcing the students over the
bill that held l'aylor Hall. and into
the area of a football practice field.
'Ilte guard swept back towards the

‘ commons and swept onto the prac-
tice field. and the students lied. some
heading back towards the commons
and tlte majority heading away from
Rhodes rclttscd. knowing that such a

ii!li

Illiiiili Iii

the guard.

Onthe practice ﬁeld. a group of '

guardsmen knelt-and pointed their
M-I rifles at the students. ’ In

photographs taken at this time. a.

.small group of 8 to l0 guardsmcn
can be seen in back of the kneeling
men. apparently engaged in some
sort of conversation. These same
men lagged behind the rest of the
guard as they returned to their
original position at the sight of the
burned RO'I'C building. on theothe
side of the hill. '

At the top of the hill. the line of
guardsmcn turned and fired. killing
Krttusc. Scltcucr. Miller. and
Schroeder. and wounding at least
nine others. ~

The students tended their wound-
ed and dead as they waited on am-
bulttttces. A request was made to the
guard for some medical supplies.
The request was turned down.

Students on the Commons sat
down in front oftheguard in a show
of non-violent muss resistance. The
students chanted “I’igs off cam-
pus...Strikc...Slrike...Slrike“'l'he
 commander ordered ' the
stinéents to leave or the guard would
“Wake a second sweep of the Com-
nions.

”Students and faculty leaders
, huddled. then went to the crowd to
present the situation. A plea for non-
violence was made. and the crowd
shouted its demand that Kcnl be on
strike. l'he word was quickly passed
through the crowd to meet at the Tri-
'l'owcrs dormitory complex that
night. l'he students left.

The 'l'ri-l'owcrs meeting never
took place. As the students returned
to their dorms. they found that the
telcpltoucs‘had been cut. the school
closed and tire students ordered off
campus. lbose who did not leave for
home orone oftlte neighboring cam-
puses. where radical leaders sct tip
lltiivcrsity-ln-Iixile. found
themselves arrested for breaking tht
ctirlcw. as May 4th drew to uclose~

iill III” | lilt|l||i.||

oiii illll'

BILLY

j em as s

‘ I (znsi- There-have been «than. am... .of nearest experimenters the past decade in which hum...

beings have been used as "Guinea Pigs" without their knowledge or consent.

One such experiment. which received much attention recently. was the l‘uskegec syphilis experiment in
which 400 black men-—all suffer'ingfrom syphilis—we're allowed to go untreated for up to 40 years. At least
28 men died as a result of the lack of treatment. and many others suffered from permanent damage to their
hearts and central nervous ystems. -

A survey by Science Digest magazine indicates that the Tuskegee incident was not uncommon. and in.“
many similar medical studies have been conducted in the past [0 years. The subjects ofa great l’tltljtn'ily or
these'experiments. says the magazine. are usually the mentally retarded. prisoners or the poor.

In one experiment in New York. 22elderly patients were injected with live cancer cells under the skin to
test hheir ability to reject foreign cells. Interviews with the subjects later determined that none of the pttlicnls
knew the purpose of the tests or that cancer cells were being used.

The British medical journal Lancerrcports that a number of retarded childen ina New York lispitttl were
recently injected with hepatitis. And in yet another case. prisoners in Iowa were treated to come down \tith ll
case of scurby. even though its cause and care are known.

Senator Edward Kennedy. who has long opposed medical experiments of humans. has introdtlced :i hill
that_would set up a national commission which would review all human medical experiments,

(ZNS) - A new method ofchild birth is currently sweeping France. and will probably become popular iii
the United States within the next year.

The method creating the sensation was developed by French obstetrecian Frederick Leboyer. :i rid is hits.
ed on a revolutionaryleoncept in child delivery—gentleness.

Leboyer. in his book For Bith Wit/mm Violence. argues that the traditional method of giving birth Itltiin
produces absolute panic in a newborn baby. Leboyer says that taking a newborn baby from its nioihui‘i
womb. i-xposing it to the bright lights ofthe delivery room. cutting its umbilical cord and them spanking ll
until it cries is utterly territyng to the newborn child.

Leboyer believes that traditional births—~which he calls violent delivery subjects the infant to it sub-
conscious fcar of life that it never forgets.

'l'he Leboyer method ofgentlencssattempts to avoid the terror of being born in -his way: As the birth is
about to occur. the obstetrician turns down the lights inthedelivcry mom toavoid frightening IilL‘ inimir

The baby is then removed from the Womb slowly and carefully. and is placed gently on tile mother‘s
stomach where it feels her breathing. The baby is then stroked gently by a nurse. the unbilicnl cord \[lii ill~
tacbed. for about ten minutes. The cord id then cut. and the child is placed in a likcwarnt bath. there it it
gently carrcssed. The infant is then given to the mother who begins breast-feeding her shild,

Says Leboyer ofthe traditionalspanking method: “I had participated in the births of7000 btlhics thiilL‘i
realized that the lirst cry that everyone is so pleased to hear is actually a frightful scream ol lcrrot “

(ZNS) -  team of doctors inSouth Al'ica reports it is experimenting with a bizarre new drug that .ippcios
to greatly increase the LO. ofsome newborn babies.

Doctor I’etcr Baillie of Capetown‘sGrootc Schuur Hospital says that the namcofthe new drug IS the hor-
mone “human chronionic gonadtrophin“——or “H.C.G." for short.

Ihe doctors say that the drug has been given to mothers expecting multiple births and that ll iltlstljl-
parcntly doubled the I.Q.‘s of those babies.

IJoclor Baillie.rwriting in the British Medical Journal. says that “H.C.G.“ is injected about .i month
before a‘mother gives birth toachild. He states that although it appears to be particularly cllcciit c ltl Ititslllg
the  Q. s ol multt—birth children. it appears to be successful in increasingthe intellegencc quotients oI other
babies as well.

*t********************

 

 

 

 

 

 

A ﬁlm for the cars by
Phil Austin. performed
by Phil, other members
of the Firesign Theatre
and friends. Original
music by Red Green-
backs and His Blue Boys.
Just keep telling your»
self,“It can’t happen here.
it can’t happen here! i“
WWW/my
Maymgv v/v
amym’z’g- m”

I FWfU/fng

"’9 Fireﬂy” rhearre

An Offer You Can’t Refuse.

I’arantount I’ictures‘ eagerly-
awaitcd The Gtul/ill/tt‘r starr-
ing Marlon Brando in the title role.
will open on campus this Friday.
Saturday. and Sunday presented by
Albany State Cinema.

The motion picture is based on
Mario I’uzo‘s novel. one of the top
best-sellers of all time. with more
_than 50.000 hardcover and 10.000.-
000 paperback copies in print.

With each copy of the novel sold. a
new casting director was self-
appointcd-and in barber shops.
beauty parlors. barrooms and at
supermarket checkout counters.
countless‘expcrts“ explained why
their favorites were best-suited to
play the title role. I)on Vito Cor-
Iconc.

Iitc signing ol Brando. one of the
screen‘s most charismatic and ver-
satile stars. pttt an end to the specula-
tion. only to trigger a new wave of
discussion on the castingofthc other
major roles.

Limited only by the desire to find
the best available talent. producer
Albert S. Ruddy and director Fran-
cis I-ortl L‘oppola tapped all areas of
the entertainment lieltl to complete
the starring cast lor 'I'lit'o'ml/rII/ittl'.

.ii:

Al I’actno. cast tlH‘I)oii'(. orle'tiiic s
youngest son Michael. was an
nwtii'tl-witttiing performer on the
\ew York Stage: James Cairn. who
play s the eldest son. Sonny. already

‘0...

had been recognized by serious ﬁlm-
goers for his work in such films as
"Lady in :l Cage.“ “The Rain I’eo—
pie" and “l'. R. Baskiti.“

Broadway performers Richard
Castclltiao and Diane Keaton. both
seen in the film version of “Lovers
and Others Strangers" were cast
respectively as Clemenra and Kay
Adams.

I-‘ollowiug a year of
preparation.thc lilming began in
March l97l. The Godfather was
photographed on locations in New
York City and Sicily and in
Hollywood from a screenplay by
l’tt/o and ('oppolu. More tIian‘I20
locations in Manhattan the Bronx.
Brooklyn and Staten Island were
titili/ed. including Radio City Music
Hall. Mott Street in New York‘s Lit-
tle Italy. art ancient church on Mul-
berry Strcet. alt abandoned diner on
('hristophcr Street. “llmm’ouS
tenements. a deserted air strip in
Mineola. tut ltttlittn restaurant iii the
northeast Bronx and the deserted
Best anti to. department store in
Mtllliltllltlll. '

.'\t the I972 Academy Awards. the
Itilll \ias itotitinatcd lor ll oscars.
tlltti won Best Actor (Marlon Britn-
‘t'ii‘ii. ' 'Il'c'st ' 'S'éi‘cciipluy il’tmi. and
t'oppolal and tire Most coveted
timtrd lor Blel I’lt‘l'URli. 'Iiii'
tioil/uIIit'r is motion picture
history‘s ullstimc money maker.

Al Pacino and James Cuba.
the god7 sons.

grossing well over $l50 million.

The (itJiI/iiI/ti'r will be presented
by Albany State Cinema this Friday
and Saturday. til 7 attd |0pmand on
Sunday at ti pm. All showings will be
iii Lecture Center Iii. 25c with a tax
card.

'- Four Masters At Their Art

I‘ntll‘ artists who are candidates
lor the MA. degree in Studio Art at
the State University of New York at
Albany will show recent works at the
University Art Gallery from May [2
to May 25.

llic coining exhibition is one 01
tltc requirements for the completion
ol tltc Masters degree program for
Owen Mcllowell. l’ctcr Prince. Bar-
bara Roman. R.S.N.. and Eleanor
Rowland.

()weii McDowell. who is a
|.otidon\illc resident. completed his
undergraditttte work at S.U.N.Y.A.
Ilc has shown prints Ill tt number of
Album area exhibitions and last

Friday,

year was the recipient of a purchase
pri/e at the Drawing tttid Print Ex-
ltibition ot the Springfield Art
Association.

Graphic works have been the ina-
jor concentration of Peter I’rincc.
Mr. I’rincc‘s embossed etchings
reflect his interest in the forms of
nature. He is a teacher in the Art
Department ol Shencndchowa High
School.

Barbara Roman. R.S.N. isalsoan
art teacher serving oti the faculty of
Maria College. Site is a grudttatc of
the College of St. Rose. I-Icr
lithographs utili/c wash techniques
Ill black and wltitc attd color.

(ilens I~alls resident Eleanor
Rowland is a Skid more (.‘of-
jege graduate and currently serves
on the faculty of Glens Falls Junior
Iligh School. Site has exhibited in
the Mohawk-Hudson Regional in
I97]. |972.tind I973 as wellasatthc
Artists of Central New York Exhibi—
lion ill the Manson-Williams I’roc-
tor Museum in Utica. She will cx-
liihit works on canvas in the coming
(iraduatc Exhibition.

An opcnittg reception for the ar-
tists will be held in tltc University Art
(iallcry on Sunday. May 12 from
3:00 to 5 I’M. 'l’he I’ublicisinvited

1:30 - 5:30 pm

Marlon Brando. the god-d My of them all.

A Beneﬁcial Concert .

The Albany Institute of History
and Art will host the American
Cancer Society‘s Annual  nefit
Concert on Sunday. May l9.”f§i’d at
3:30 pm. Guest artists will bell:th
Maltigian String Quartet and
Soprano. Rtii Kapltin. now prescri—
ting their tenth year of classical
entertainment asa benefit to hclptlie
yearly cancer drive. They have all
been favorably received by critics
and public. alike. for their often an-
usual and always unhackn'eycd
programming.

Among lbcir selections will be a
song ol llcnry l’urccll's. reported to
be his last effort. art curly Beethoven
Quartet. op. Ill lib. and Schumann's
cycle. I~'r:tucn|iebc and chcn. '

lltc program will close with a
work of the coittcnipory American
composer. Martha Beck Carragan.
who presently resides in Troy. New
York. Mrs. Carragan. a graduate of
Oberlin College. has wort numerous
awards in ttatioiial competitionsand
is published with no fewer than
twelve publishers. She is listed in
Who's Wliu in American Women.

Miss Ktiplan. who teaches group
vocal lessons at the high school and
adult lcvcls.aswcllus private singing
lessons. is soprano soloist at St. An-
drew‘s lipiscopal Church. Her
credits include studies at .Iuilliard.
the University of Michigan over
three seasons with the Berkshire
Music I‘L‘SllHli at litttglcwood.

Gm

EEBDEEE

The String Quartet is under the
directiott of Leo Mahigian. Concert-
niuster ofthe Albany Symphony and
string instructor in the Guilderland
School Systent. Other members of
the Quartet iirei‘ilaitet Rowe. second
'kioliiiisl: liit’r'riet I'homas. violist:
"ti‘nd Nattcy‘ Winn. 'c'cllist. All are
'iiii‘iitbers ol' th'e‘Albttny‘ Symphony.

the concert 'is open’ to" the public
rind cdfftrihutions to thc‘Ahtcrican
(‘tineer Society will he accepted at
the box ofﬁce the" al'tcm‘oon of the
concert. l'o"hc assured 'of seating.
'tickcts may be purchased at. the
Albany Institute office on all
weekdays except Monday.

Go Wilde!

The Royal Nonesuch I’Iay
Readers ol the 'SUNYA English
Department will be interpreting
scenes from English and European
drama on Sunday. May t2th at 7
I‘M. over campus radio. WS UA. 640
AM.

the group made up primarily of
Iinglislt Department faculty.
students. and members of the com-
munity. will read scenes from Oscar
Wilde's 'l‘lw /lll/)(II'ItliIt‘t' of living
Iz'uriitnl. Ricltard Sheridan's ’I'lw
/ffl'lll.\. Moliere‘s ‘I'hc ll'oulrl - Iu'
(tutu/onion. \Villinm Shakespeare‘s
llt‘lli‘_l‘ ll‘. I'ur/ Iattd .-l .lliilxuninlt'r
Night's “l't'lllll. rind l’it'andcllo‘s Six
('litirtit'lt'm in Search o/ un .‘IlII/ltli‘.

ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁfﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁfﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ«KKK‘Kﬂﬁﬁﬁﬂﬁﬁ‘ﬁﬁ‘ﬁ‘ﬁﬂﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ. 

" COLONIAL QUAD BOARD presents:

@6800
Don’t Forget!

in Colonial Quad

May 3

.. )xxxamm» 

tut-JOB LAUGHLIN ' DELORES TAYLOR «mam iiown

Mnmultumﬂ - mummnlt- nimble)“
twwruwum-trmw
whw~nDMIw°aimmmWy

ONE WEEK ONLY
MOHAWK MALL MADISON

CINEMA - SCHENECFADY Illlel RE -AI.BANY

SI  i  Milli/\AMupé'V]
CINEMA - MEHANDS ' A E,

0P arin in c
RO'I'TERDAMf pe g C   5
Starts Wednesday , ~

I.

with music by Green
Catherine

" "(ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ

uogtvpossv zuapms .iq paprm

"In [3]"  , _

 

 

 

 

and IO kegs of beer
also, ice cream and munchies
r»assessor)»:assassspmmammuimv )ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ)

 

 

 

 

 

I "(PIC " man ma 1 u i-umirn ttt os 1

PAGE TEN ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ‘_ FRIDAY MAY 3, 19/4 , ,. )- 3”») ‘-

 

