" Q‘W“: '.

. '—

 

 

Jack McskowitLa Washington acacia-dam
bhbﬁh.wil|hitAlhnymWMy.Wl6.lo
dismiss 'Cstiaen Anion in W Rel‘orm". At
l2:l0p.nt. hewillspakath Halillthe
N.Y.S. Eduction Building. Wading“ Avenue. The

Ieeturewillberepatcdatbp.m.‘nl.ectwe€euer2at'

the State University of New York at Albany. in the
Andemic Poditlt'snlower level The lectures are free
and in: public is ivited.
Mr.Moakowittisamemberof'therestdfand
aregistered lobbyist for Common Cause. He plans'and

implematts the organization's lobbying strategy for.

energy matters and tax reform legislation Mr.
Moskowitz specializes in the proacdinp of the v.5.
Senate. and isconsidereda leading Washington authori-
ty on tax reform. Most recently. he has rallied so It
for campaiyi finance reform on Capitol Hill. co-
authored a Common Cause report about this reform.
Prior to joining Common Cause on I970. Mr.
Moskowitz worked with the Urban Coalition Action
Council. From May I969 to January I970 he served as
executive Director of the National Committee for Tax
Justice. From I965 to I969 he was Deputy Assistant
Secretary of Defense for Civil Rights and Industrial

Relations.

A native of Hunt'ngton Woods. Michigan. Mr.
W isa graduateof Wayne State University and
of Wayne State University Collep of Law.

'Mr. Moakowitz's lectures in Albanyare part of Com-
mon Cause‘s Campaign '14 program for government
reforln.‘ according to Mrs. Phodie lender. the citizens‘
lobby etuirman for the Capital District. “Common
Cause's federal Iegishtive proposals to reduce the power
of money and secrecy in government will beexplained.
These include: cleaning up elections. spotlighting lob-
byists. reducing conﬂicts of interest. taking politics out
of the Justice Dqtartment. mak'ng decisions in public.
and reforming Congress.“

‘Common Cause uses citizen action to inject these
'ssues into every congressional election race.” Mrs.
Bender continued. “While others are busy seeking to in-
fluence elections. Common Cause members will work
hard to inﬂuence candidates to support our issues. Mr.
Moskowitz will describe Common Cause‘s use of issue

-politics to seek candidate's support for reform proposals.

He will focus on the importance of these issues as the
best way to restore integrity in government."

NI-LI l.
.Illllllllllll

"  Fulfill. _ ll ch'anli-Communist Catholic
_ wgovemment to try to bail Italy out
and economic eristswrthout Communist participation.
mi Leone called 0ft.th “W08! Old Fanfani. a four-time
exop m pneral of the dominant Christian Democratic pur-
ty. after II days of uncertainty about Italy's Political course.

Premier Marlene Rumor retigtlﬂlOchJ. creating a vacuum that many
Italians speeulited could only be fdled by bringing Italy‘s big Communist par.
ty into the government. Fanfa‘ni'a; appttitttment appeared to end this
possibility. at lead for'the present. .

However. in a statement issued after his appointment Fanfani said the
situation before him was “not encouraging."

He said he would "insist initially" on trying to revive the center-left coali-
tion “(Catholics and Sociale whose breakup brought down Rumor.
Rumorflike all Italian premiers since I945. is a Christian Democrat.

The center-left coalition broke apart over the insistence of the Socialist
Party. the second largest coalition partner, to give the Communists a role in
solving Italy's worst postwar economic crisis. The Italian Communist party,
the largest in the West. has been kept out of power since the war.

WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford today vetocd legislation to cut off
US. military aid to Turkey. declaring the measure would force the United
States to withdraw from Cyprus peace negotiations and jeopardize the
NATO alliance.

His veto of the measure. which also continued appropriations for several
key government agencies. was expected. So is an attempt by Congress to
override his action before taking an election recess.

Ford used strong language in his message returning the measure to Con-
gress without his approval.

"I take this step with great reluctance. but in the belief I have no other
choice." He said “ . .. it is an act which is harmful even to these it purports to
help."

LAS VEGAS. Nevada (AP) Former Supreme Court Justice Arthur J,
Goldberg on Monday compared Nelson Rockefeller's admission of respon-
sibility for a derogatory book about Goldberg to former President Richrrrd
M. Nixon‘s acceptance of responsibility for Watergate.

Goldberg said he welcomed an opportunity to testify before rcncwcd
hearings on Rockefeller‘s confirmation as vice president.

Goldberg said Rockfellcr's apology about the book was “Vcry rcmlnlz-iccnt
of another statement" in which Nixon once said he would take “full respon-
sibility for the Watergate affair."

'Hc [Rockefeller] owes an apology to the American people." (inldbr'l‘g
told a news conference. "What is needed is a complete statement of r hc fuels.“

MlAMIJ-‘Ia. (AP) American diplomat Barbara Hutchinson arritcd rn
the United States Monday. saying she has no qualms about returning next
week to her job in the Dominican Republic. where she was held captive by
pro-communist kidnapers for 12 days.

“Oh. I have no anxiety about going back." said the tall. thin and frccklcd
Miss Hutchison. 47. She will ﬁrst spend a IO day vacation in Florida.

“It was sort ofa fluke-type ofkidnapingunyway. and I get the chorcc of gr»
ing back there or somewhere else. but I love the country and there rtrc mun)
things I still planto do thcre."

The veteran foreign service ofﬁcer said her only worry was lhnl tits I S
embassy would assign a bodyguard to her. “I sure wouldn‘t wnnl that.“ \ilL'
said with a smile.

NEW YORK (AP) Gov. Malcolm Wilson and Rep. Hugh Curc). in the
first debate of the gubernatorial campaign. clashed Monday ovct' \\"rl.~un‘~
pledge to veto any future improvements in public employee pensions.

Wison called pensions “a time bomb" that could bankrupt governmcnl»
and said they should be taken off the collective bargaining table.

Carey said the state needed to decidef‘what we can afford but dcclrrrcd to
rule out any improvements in beneﬁts.

Ingthe 2% hour debate at the New York 1'imc.r.lhctwo mcn argued hcrucd—
ly. each man frequently interrupting the other. Carey scowled ncrcss lltt: rrrhlc
ut Wilson throughout the session; Wilson alternately scowlcd rind luutilk'll
when he wanted to ridicule something Carey had said.

NEW YORK. (AP) Leaders of the country‘s transit systems wcrc urtlt't‘
Monday to personally ask their congressman to pass the federal muss 1mm“
bill that would for the first time provide operating monies for lhcil firm-

Rep. Joseph G. Minish. D-N..l.. a sponsor of the bill. fold it int-cling“t
|.500 members of the American Transit Association:

“Get to your member of Congress now. before the November clcctwn and
get a commitment from him . . . I am only one vote."

Minish said the SI 1.8 billion bill. currently in the rules commillcc. ililh ci-
cellcnt chances of enactment this year. save for one hurdle involvittl‘. "PC"?
Jealousrei on the part of u very few but powerful House members . . . "

NEW YORK (AP) A federal mediator kept negotiators working Mnll‘
duy despite the Columbus Day holiday as 4.500 Teamsters striking “WW
Parcel Service remained idle for the 40th day.

But the strike of drivers. helpers and tortcrs against the drum-Wm"
operations of the national distribution service Iumbcrcd ulonll W“ "‘L' “"d
still not in a'gltt.

‘We‘re still talking.“ Hezekiah Brown. u commissioner of thc Fulﬁll”
Mediation and Conciliation Service. said during an afternoon puusc rn that
talks. at an unpublicilod location in the city.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

1

OCTOBER 15. 1974

 

’Watergate Unravels

(AP) A short. stocky young man
with wavy block hair and n broad
smile leaned on a lcctcrn Mondny
rind begun to unravel the
prosecution‘s charges in the
Watergate cover—up trial.

'l'hztl beginning fell to Richard
llcn-Vcnistc. who charged that the
conspiracy “involved the participa-
tion“ of former President Richard
M. Nixon.

Ilcn—Vcnistc. who was three years
old when Nixon made his first
successful campaign for Congress in
I946. recounted the now familiar
story of the Watergate break-in and
cover-up. -

His voicc was firm and strong us
he delivered lht: government‘s open-
ing statement nguinst oncof'thc most
stellurcttstsofcriminuldcfcnduntsin
America‘s history.

The men he was accusing were all
older; John N. Mitchell is nearly
twice his 3| years. n lawyer who
made it big in the bond market.

He did not ruil. he did not gesture:
indeed the delivery was almost in a
slouch.

'l'hc spotlight was Ben-“Venistc's.
nll eyes were turned to the squat
figure in rintlcss glasses. Behind him.
looking past his back to the jury.
were the men whose freedom and
reputations are on the line.

Mitchell. twice manager of
Richard Nixon's successful cum-
puigns rrrrd his law and order at-
torney gcncrrtl.

Huldcnrun. who had left it
succc ' ~f'ul advertising ugcncy career
to u risr: in the political world with
Nixon when llcn-Vcnlstc wns still
going to Columbiu University
School of Law.

John I). Ehrlichmun. rt lnwycr
who was an advance man for Nixon
by the time Ben-Venistc finished a
criminal luw fellowship progrttm.

Robert C. Mardiun.,wlro wus u
.lusticc Dcpurtntcnl o'fficiul and
Kenneth W. I’nrkinsnn. u partner in
u successful Washington luw firm.
long before llcn-Vcnistc bcgnn his
rupid fist! in the Justice Department.

Ilcn-Vunistc told the jury the
cover-up first begun by an ultcmpt to
dcny official knowledge but “more
denials were not sufficient und fttlsc
cxplunutions were necessary to susv
tuin this line."

Repeatedly. ht: suid the men at the
top were trying to portray the
Watergate burglars us“peoplc off on
u lurk of their own."

OCTOBER 15. 1974-

Bcn-Vcnistc. the son of'Scphnrdic
Jews. was rrtiscd in New York City.

But his curly career. beginning as
Nixon was just two months shy of
election as President in I968. has
seen him participate in a number of
big cases of official corruption.

He has prosecuted income tax
fraud rind union kickback cases.
cmbczzlcmcnt cases and perjury and
bribery in high places in New York.

While the opening statement was
his. the chief prosecutor at thctrial is
Jumcs F. Ncul. a genial Tcnncsscnn
whose soft voice is in marked con-
trast to the harsh tones of Bon-
Vcnistc.

Ilut he earned the opening shot.
through more thun u year's httrd
work to pry from the White House
the tapes thnt will become such an
important part of' the trial.

Portrait of a Woman asa Young

by Paul Summer

On October l7. Christine .lorgcn-
son. one of the first people to ever
undergo a sex chnngc opcrtttion. will
be speaking in the Campus Center
brtllroom. Jorgcnson. who is being
sponsored by the University
Spcukcrs‘ Forum. will speak at 8
p.m.

Christine‘s story goes buck to the
curly fifties. Twenty years ugo. a
slender young woman slcppcd offa
plane from Denmark to be grcctcd
by reporters rrnd the American
public. Christine bud been born a
mule. and after living us u shy.
cfl‘cminutc young man for 24 yours.
he hud been surgically trunsformed
into it wornrrn. ~

For the rtcw woman. this wus an
end of a tortuous search for sexual
identity. She soon became America‘s
foremost fascination.

When she had her operation.
Christine’s story took precedence
over the hydrogen bomb tests. the
dumb of King chrge Sixth. the
Korean War. and the work of Jonus
Sttlk. .
Christine Jorgcnson has appeared
in nightclubs, on Broudwuy. and on
television and radio. In I967. her
autobiography entitled Jorge/Iran:
A Personal Autobiography was
publlshcd. This was later made into a
film. She hopes her book would set
the record straight on transexuulity.

particularly: no 4 all. I
mplexgiabjs'ente'e Voter registra

_ provisionsinthe'State Election ’ 't

dard aluminium: application form ind uni-air...

‘ ‘sion'among Board of Election-workup.

Student Governments at Buffalo State and LS‘UNY

',Binghamton have launched voting drives. and eight

other campus student govemmenti will begin similar
drives immediately. ~ “ 

The Binghamton Student’Govemment has distributed w
to each student postcards which request that the students .

home coun'ty Board of Elections send the student an
absentee ballot application. SASU has distributed
voting information to studenti through campus

newsmpers. and has now discovered that absentee ballot '

applicaitons are not required io be notarized. The Elec-
tion Law states that they “may be" notarized.

Both Hugh Carey and the Republican State Com?

mittee have urged that a standard absentee ballot
application form for New York State be adopted and
that County Boards of Elections accept each other's
application forms in the interim.

The Carey for Governor Campaign urged student
governments to‘bcgin voting drives and has reminded all
county Boards of Elections that the New York State
Board of Elections asks that they accept applications
from other counties.

All the counties have pledged to do so. but there has
been some confusion. A worker in the Albany County
Board of Elections said October ll that his Board would
not accept application forms from another county
because they are usually a different color lmd would be

registered mall. I
‘ New York State stud I '1 p g I ‘
on lengthy corresponden with their homejoard 9
Elections rind request an absentee voter'registration
form. ‘ ﬂ . 7 , ‘ '
Once received. the form must be'filled' out.
and: signed by the applicant. and postmarked to 'the‘ ,
home Board of Election before October I0. Sonte coun- r
ties require that a student's absentee status be veriﬁed by '
an authorized campus administrator. -

Request an absentee ballot application. This request
may be madeon the absentee registration form or by sen-
ding a’postcard tothehomecounty Board of Elections; -,'

Fill out the absentee ballot application—after it is re-
quested and received—and make sure that it is received
by the home Board of Elections no earlier than October 7
and no later than October 29.

Primary and General Election absentee ballots must
be applied for separately. ’

The R gpublicans oppose letting students vote in their
college communities. but they have asked that Boardsof
Elections set up “mini-Boards of Elections" on cam-
puses. in old age homes. and other such places. State
Committee Chairman Richard Rosenbaum called gran-
ting students tlrc right to vote at their college residence
“a dangerous conécpt“ because it would allow students
to dominate some loculgovcmments. The State Board of
Elections apparently does not have the person power to
implement the mini-boards suggestion.

Students who need help in. obtaining an absentee
ballot may cull Bob Schiffcr of the Carey for Governor

 

voided. An Albany county ElectionCommissioner
later that the worker “didn't know" llfld that be war' as!

Campaign ut (2l2) 575-0200 or Mrs. Whittles'y of the
Republican Stutc Committee al_(5|8) 462-260l.ext.40.

Affirmative Action for Equality.

by Pat Sakai

The Affirmatch Actions program
cxtcnds equal opportunities to all
students in areas such as counseling.
financial aid. athletics. activities.
placement. and standards of'admis-
sion. The program tries to tnkc some
positive action to cast: discrimii’tll-
tion. .

The progrum is also involved in
the hiring of professors. Affirmative
Actions tries to suck out good pur-
sonncl that will reflect the diversity

 wmumumaowm‘mnrmmnmt

Since her operation many other
people with sexual identity problems
have followcd'Jorgcnson's lcud. Asu
sign of the sexual revolution Jorgcn-
son‘s operation bus almost becomcn
real option open to people with sex
identity problems insteud of a
ridiculous. once in a century.
phenomenon. ‘ -

Though her operation wasa much
publicized success. Jorgenson
doesn‘t have a complete female
reproductive system. .

In her lecture Jorgcnson will sup-
posedly try to educate parents and

of American life—rdiffcrcnt ruccs.
crccds. sexes. to crcutc u chI-
bulunccd work force in the Universi-
ly. sttid the director of the program.

Dolores Burrucun Schmidt. For ex- ’

rtmplc. instead ofjust advertising in
' the New York Times.which willonly
rcltch at certain type of population.
the program advertises in feminist.
Block. Indian. turd other minority
newspapers. Schmidt cxplttincd. She
noted that the program means a
policy of “no secrecy“ in seeking

children on the medical history and
the prognosis of gender identity
problems. She will describe the
symptoms to look for. the available
treatment for sex identity problems.
und how to deal with pressures from
society. Jorgcnrron hopes to give u
grcrttcr understanding to those
youngsters who grow up knowing
that they won't fit into their prescrib-
cd scxuul rolcs.

Jorgcnson was the first lecturer at
the . National Entertainment Con-
.fcrencc and has been a frequent
speaker on college campuses.

ALBANY STUDENT muss

applicants.

Schmidt believes that a University
community is in a unique position
because it has the power to change
what may be wrong within it.

Schmidt explained it is the Un-
iversity‘s job to ask. “Why are there
no women upplyingfor ajob. for ex-
umplc. iISlI Physics teacher?“ She in-
terprets this by saying there must be
something within Ithat particular
department which inhibits women
from applying for such a job.
whether it be because no women nre
quulificd to bc Physics teachers
(again. why not?)or because women
aren‘t included in the field in the first
place.

Concerning the hiring of women in
business. Schmidt said. the altitude
of those hiring business employees.
is that thcrcurc no tipplicutions from
women for u particular job.
therefore no women are interested
in. or trained for. such ajob. It is
the university‘s job. contends
Schmidt. to trainull people for tiny
job. The university has control over
the situation whcrcus businesses
generally do not.

The Affirmative Actions program
was crcutcd by the Federal Govern-
ment in reference to equal oppor-
tunity practices. The program is bris-
ed on the “Equal Pay Act." the
“Civil Rights Act of I964. the State
of N.Y. Human Rights Act. and un
Executch Order.“

It‘s up to the student. orjob appli-
czlnt. not to take full ttdvuntugc of
Affirmative Actions. Schmidt. who
is mnrricd and the mother of three
children. cxpluincd her own pcr-
sonltl situation. A married woman
need not be totally confined: thc
wornrm is generally less mobile thrrn
her husband.- If the couple reviews
he situation rind finds out that they
om work out rm urrungemcnt in
which both may pursue their career
yet stuy happily mrtrricd. that is it
good alternative. suid Schmidt. The
Schmidt‘s httve found that‘they can
both work (her husband works at a
l’cnnsyluniu State College). and can
both be satisfied with theirwork and

their marriage.

PAGE THREE

 

