V l.

to as of same taken-for-granted, I

bu . a less persistent; historical ‘
tendencies. This is most, particularly

' “1508* inhiq'media's coverage-etc» though, it infers avagrowingpopulartty’

- laborstruggles‘ In fact if a recent NY .
Times Magazine article (Sept. 15, '

_ 1974) entitled, l"Is Chavez Beateh?", is
even ,vaguely indicative of the truth»
about the farmworkers struggle, one
might be led to the absurd proposition
that the United Farmworkers union is
on the verge of extinctionl ' _

While in a town like Albany such a

‘ pill might be a rather difficult one to
swallow (clue to hard experience in our
successful Shop-Rite campaign), I
thought that as a farmworker activist it
would be in the best interests of our
Albany Community to' look a bit
deeper and probe the essayist's (out-
sider's) impressions of Cesar Chavez

' and the current situation for his union.
In so doing, hopefully we will continue

‘ a precedent for wide-ranging discus-
sion and analysis of the issue‘s affecting
our community. After all, of such stuff,
genuine democracy is made.

To begin with, “Is Chavez Beaten?"
bases itselt on the premise that Cesar
Chavez is a labor leader who, While
powerful fora time, had already served
his purpose and should gracefully bow
out of things as‘ changing conditions
sweep him and the powerless aside. To
begin with, such a premise is false. It
commmits the classicl error of the es-
tablished press to overemphasize the
role a few individuals and assumes that
the many arevalso ready to consider
unprinted and “unnewsworthy” facts
about the farmworker and labor
movements as unimportantlt especial-.
ly ignores the fact that every major un-
ion struggle has taken at least ten to fit-

 the one hand,
'lyth'a ,
vs bay ainingupo‘wer. (as rneasu

by he'hrirnbryr of werkers' it} represents
tti‘rbugh, contract); ha’s waned in in-,
fluence since 1973 and that of the
Teamsters has risen:On the other hand

of the Teamsters and states that,
"Teamster organizers ': now consult
directly with" field workers before
negotiating with growers. The con-
tracts they sign grant wages which are
as high as those secured by Chavez's
U.F.W." Based upon the consensus.
among farmworkers themselves, this
fact of consultation is totally false and
so is the notion that winning wage con-
cessions from the growers equal to that
of the U.F.W. is the entire “ball~game"
in a labor contract.

' One might seriously question why
the Teamsters so vehemently oppose
the secret ballot representation elec—
tion and all legislation aimed at gran-
ting it, if in fact, they are offering the
workers so much for' their money? If
they feel they hold such sway among
the rankand-file, then logically, any
representation election should be
looked forward to as a potential man-
date to power.

But “Is Chavez Beaten?“ flagrantly
avoids to point out that the Teamsters
(backed by. their grower allies, of
course) have been the motivating force
behind every recent attempt to deny
fa rmworkers a secret ballot election in
the fields. And could the farmworkers
truly get behind a union like that? last
August 22, thousands of them filed into
the galleries of the California.
legislature to show support for land-
mark secret ballot election legislation
opposed by the Teamsters and.

engineered to defeat by a sly,:
parliamentary trick. Moreover, even ,

when Chavez himself offered the

it "Is Chavez Beaten ?' is even

vaguely indicative of the truth
one might be led to the absurd

proposition that

the United

Farmworkers Union is on the

verge of extinct

ion...

...union building and the
develapment at a workers'
movement in this country is.
and will be, a long, slow, and

often agonizing process...

that) (51":

   

museums... 0011:; ‘ motivating, force behind “every recent

attempt to deny farmworkersa

secret ballot election in  fields.

growers and Teamsters the chance to
participate in'secret ballot elections in
which only the strikebreakers would
vote, they failed to respond. So on this
point, the anti-U.F.W. forces have some
gaping holes in thier armor to patch
up.
As far as contract comparison goes,
a simple perusal of both the U.F.W. and
Teamster models shows that while in
fact, wages are about the same for
each, in the benefitsarea, the Teamster
contract is extremely weak. In times as
financially unstable as the present, this
could be _a real detriment for the
Teamsters. '

In pursuit of the argument that
U.F.W. influence is on the decline,
again, we must detour around the
blindspots set up by "Is Chavez
Beaten?" Aside from being an ab-
solutist sort of nation and thus narrow, it
ignores the headline ofan August 27th
infra-Union memo of the UFW which
asserts that, “Strike fever is burning
like flames across a dry plain through
the ranches of California and Arizona."
What the memo outlines'is the incredi-
ble series of strikes going on in crops
other than grapes and head lettuce
(lemons, tomatoes, etc.). So, if influence
is measured in terms of mobilization,
then the UFW has had literally
thousands in action within its ranks for
a long time. And with the successful
raiding of those precious grape and
lettuce fields, the union has wisely
placed increased emphasis on the
boycott weapon (much to its advan-
tage one might add). The Wall Street
Journal of May 16, 1974 pointed that
out at that time; a powerful and quite
threatening 19% of Gallo wine sales
had fallen off with the and still not in
sight (keep in mind that 12% is the
profitvloss mark). ‘

Butane is hurt by the truth of thisN. Y.
Times Magazine assay as well as by its
falseness or ignorance, particularly
when in the process history is
desregarded. intact, when the author
stresaes the bankruptcy of the UFW
and the lack of cash inflow at present
he fails to see any parallel with the
miners struggle, which many Chavez
supporters have already begun to
observe. When corrupt Iohn L. Lewis
led the oppressed and downtrodden
miners into bankruptcy in the 50's,
they, as with any genuinely “just”
cause, struggled to rally popular sup-
port behind themselves and bounced
back to the center stage of victory. If
there is any doubt about this fact, the
current course of events in "Bloody"
Harlan County, Kentucky should dis-
pel them.

But for those of you who have read
on-and-on-and-on and would like
more than an explanation of someone
else‘a contradictions and might prefer

tamisnssnaa

an anlysis of our own (Chavez sup-
porters’ that is), we must mention three
basic facts that have made conditions
in the US. relatively harsh for the
bourgeoning, democratic United
Farmworkers of America. They have
had to contend with an unrelieved
bankruptcy problem that would strap
any union seeking the use of its all-
effective strike weapon. Moreover, it
has gotten virtually no assistance from
fraternal AFL-CIO unions. Secondly,
we may couple the developing un-
employment morass in the US. and
Mexico to the bankruptcy problem
and we immediately see an incredible
scab dilemma arising on the UFW
scene. Finally, there is that All—
American problem which most other
unions didn't have to contend with: the
incredibly racialist outlook of the
American people. In point of fact, it is
the culturally-bred racism of
American society which- divides
American working people in general
and farmworkers from non-Chicanos
in particular. This has been the most
detrimental force in the long run in
terms of the class interests of workers
and as experience shows, has cost
workers lots of hard cash, regardless of

' their color. But in this situation, it is the

predominantly Chicano farmworkersof
the UFW who have suffered the most
by'this fact.

To sum up then, we should learn two
comprehensive lessons from thecritique
of “Is Chavez Beaten?" One is that un-
ion building and the development of a
workers' movement in this country is,
and will be, a long, slow and often,
agonizing process. lust about every
union in the nation has faced
problems similar to that of the UFW.
Iiut the fact that the farmworkers have
withstood them so well and at that, in
the face of an unprecedented act of
'l'ear‘nster sabotage, practically un-
matched for its brutality and racism, is
in itself 'a fine tribute to their matchless
courage and determination. The se-
cond lesson is that we should learn
more from our direct experience and
that of our fellow workers, and take
what we read in the establishment
media more lightly, much more. With
this in mind We should also begin to
realize that the time when a good
friend truly needs us is not when-he's
up but when he's down.

So to get to the point, the Albany
Frienda of the Farmworkers need your
support, ideas and questions in order
to build a better boycott and put the
UFW on top in its struggle for justice,
dignity and prosperity. Remember, an
attack against one is an attack against
all, a victory forone, a victory for all. For
information on picket lines, meetings
and how you can help call 489-5022
after 5 pm. Viva La Causal

because/11974.

 

ew initials were scratched into #S's wall. My Initials.

_  just like on Adam-12, The Rockies or any other television police 

, tines, I Wklngdo'wn a rather deserted street aroundduskin‘an industrial dis-
frict. Iwas going home. smoking «5 ioint, minding my own business: All of a
sudden I noticed that there were now two man, dressed like laborers, walking

along'the same street as me. They were walking near the parked cars, heading,

‘jowardsr‘ne,when one guy parted from the other and headed on a path that cross-
ed "mine-in , a, few steps.'Ihe other guy continued walking straight and passed me.
In the split second when I realized something was going to happen, they mov—
edand caught me as I tried to run away. The white one threw me down, and I
managed toroll with it, so as to land next to the building, providing a littleprotec—
tion pn‘ione side. Well, here's my first mugging coming up. I thought, and being
noiohn Wayne I screamed out, “I'll give it to you! lust don't hit mel", thinking the
fhirtysix dollars in my wallet was past history, a worthy barter for my life-

“Ya damn straight you'll give it to us," gritted‘the whiteone again as'he lunged
at me.'A second later he had me from behind with his black partner in front of me.
Amazingly enough, I still had the joint in my hand and offered it towards the black
guy, in the hopes of eliciting the brotherhood our common denominatorgivesus.
I couldn't have been more wrong. _

“Yeah, that's what we want," he said reaching out, and all of a sudden I realized
that this wasn't a mugging—it was a bust. With speed lnever thought I had, that
joint was in my mouth and l was chewing and swallowing frantically.

In an effort to intercept, the black guy started to choke me. But it was too late.
Most of it was gone. Imanaged to say "I swallowed it. It’sgone." and they stopped.
I now had my hands contorted in handcuffs behind my back and was being
dragged toward their car. They were talking and acting tough and all I was
thinking was “It can‘t happen to me. This just cannot be happening."

The black one threw me against the ca rside and frisked me. Also checked was
my knapsack, which I was sure was empty of dope. The joint I‘d swallowed used
up the last of the grass when I rolled it.

But Iwas stupid. I'd emptied the film can‘s contents into that joint, sure, but ldid
not clean out the container.

“Got enough to book 'im?" asked the white guyJ

The thin, almost invisible film of grass dust was indeed enough.

"Yup, we got 'im” came the answer, and I was shoved into the unmarked car.
Two minutes later the car parked in the Police Headquarters garage.The white
guy got out and opened the trunk, then appeared at my door. He pulled me out
and Isaw he was wearing .black leather gloves. Itigured that they had something
to do with fingerprints.

I was wrong. They were for beating, so there wouldn't be any marks.

As soon as I stood up outside the car, one black gloved fist headed towards my
stomach, and being cuffed, [couldn’t attempt to block it. It landedin the solar plex—
us and l was down.

iQQTQﬂl-‘lﬁulﬁu 1914

WWW§WQENI<W§§

Seeing that the most damage from this upcoming beating would be in the
stomach, I moaned something bout havingva bad stomach, hoping it would steer
him away for fear of killing me and having to explain it. So the lists moved
elsewhere, to the face and kidneys. My ears were boxed. My kidneys were
pummelled. My head was pushed into a cement pillar. All this time my hands are
handCuffed together in back of me, so I would do nothing. Then the gloves came
off, the trunk was closed and I was ready to be taken upstairs.

The white guy pulled and pushed me towards the staircase, yelling "Stand up,
Punk! Stand upl” When I finally did manage to stand up, on the stair landing the
white guy kneed me in the groin. He missed my balls, but [fell to the ground and
screamed so that he wouldn't know it and try again. Dragged up the rest of the
stairs, and thrown into the elevator, I was headed to the narcotics office.

"We got a fighter here" the white one offered as we passed nu merousofficers
on our way back. :(They had to account for my beaten appearance.) 'Yeah. I a
real fighter."

We soon got to the Narcotics Division cubicle.

“Strip!".gritted the white one, and the vision in my head was his knee returning.
“And if I see you eat anything I'll break your fuckin' hand." I was clean, that's why
I ate the joint. There was nothing to find on my person_

His superior came in and started some work at his desk, uninterested in my
case. This toned down my guys' actions somewhat. Iwas still trying to look even
more scared than I was.

"All right, put your pants on!" and as soon as I‘d done that he handcuffed me to
a chair. Evidently he thought that l was considering trying to run out of there, past
fifteen or so cops that were in the outer room, and bust outof police headquarters.
All with no shoes on.

My request to make a phone call went unanswered until his superior heard it.
Then I called collect, and countered my mother's cheerful greeting with "I’ve
been arrested." The arraignment would be tomorrow morning. And there is no
bail for drug arrests. Which meant I‘d be spending the night in jail.

I was led down to "Identification," where I was Iingerprinted and photograph-
ed. Ten Polaroids were taken of me, including two, in color, that the white guy,
that sick bastard, wanted for himself. I guess he wanted to show the wife and kids
the 5’ 8", 137 pound terror that he and another guy beat up today.

Then came jail. .

One night in jail doesn't really sound like much.We hear all the time of twenty
and thirty year sentences, and one day sounds rather trifling. But it’s not.

It was seventeen hours of stench, cold, and the walls of cursing drunks and
street vermin. lail, the great common denominator, brought me into contact with
people I would never want to go near. They were seventeen long hours.

Next morning at nine thirty,wewereled' intocourt and a multi-hour affairbegan.
I'll spare the details, but I walked out, with asuspended sentence, lat‘erthatday.

A suspended sentence, like the sword of Da miclese, hangs omnipresentover
my head. It's a scary feeling. If anything happens, if I happen to be in a car that
gets stopped and drugs are found in it, I will start serving that suspended
sentence, plus any other one lget for that infraction. Scary as hjll. It gguld come
tumbling down fora damn seed.” r If.” "“"‘ “ " “‘ b' ‘ "q

So, a period of my youth has come to an and. Marijuana and I, after years of en-
joying each other, will have broken up. And that's that.



Nurw} 3.3,, . .

1,1,...“ WW

 

 

 

