 V

‘ Wnttng by’llashing. neon light‘ in sweat

soaked clothes in a turgid barroom. A riewex-
perience but not so terrible at; it might seem.

' 'Not yet. Bob Dylan playing 'Like a Rolling
Stone" and another sip of beer. Voices in the
background. inaudible. but being stoned like a
rolling stone I could focus in’on their conver-
sations if I wantedto.

Totally submerged in Henry Miller at pre-
sent. You start reading the man and he takes
over your life. He's dangerous beans: he
holds a mirror up to you in which you see your
innerself revealed. Reading Millcris not just a
matter of fantasiling': rather. through the
medium of his frantic prose your all too real
emotions. sorrows. triumphs. supposedly per-
sonal hells parade before your eyes in gay
abandon. Miller is incredible. Like a mad dog

- his essence lurks inside of you. When given an
opening he attacks and tears you to shrcads.

The best thing about writing though is that
you can put your pen down. pause. and take
another solid hit of beer. '

Miller writesthat words should explode
from’withir’r. that like pulling the cork from a

i the contents of

_ 101° printed

page. ldcallya , v
reality and the whole locus of his existence
narrows down to the point of his pen as it
glides across the page in a frantic effort to
keep pace with his racing thoughts. If one is

ll Iouclrwit lr

 by Michel Mutt  .  
not a brilliant writer. however. the occasional

pure literary outburst. inuch likea flash ﬂood. 1
doesn‘t sustain for very long. One easily slips

back into a kind of self-conscious alleviation

in which the silky smooth flow of words is im-

peded by the fiction of pretense mixed with

selfa‘loubt. 8y dint of diligent often

mechanical effort the writing can continue.

but the net result is not as'pure as when the

thoughts flow liquid like wine...

It is no smallrnatterto bea Henry Miller. To
be a great writer. a memorable writer. an in-
toxicatingly sensual writer. a writer who can
make a man cry...

Mr. Bojangles comes on the juke box and
the sentiment Wells up inside of me. It is not
the words to the song. which ldon‘t know. but
rather the pure essence of the tune itself. The
melody haunts of pathos. of unfulﬁlled
dreams. of lonely empty nights.

i used to believe that llcnryMiller was adir-
ty. lewd writer but that was several years ago
when naivetc was my way of life. I now firmly
believethrtt one shouldn‘t read him without
lirst having drunk deep of~life and love

because without having lived with passion it is ‘

vdit’ticultto undersiatldmntl more importantly,
«steel what he is writing about. But if you‘ve liv-
ed. in your own way dared to walk on Lou
Reed‘s wild side. Miller will overwhelm you
and awe you with the simplicity of the truth be
unfolds.

 

At this point it dawned on me that I am
dangerously close to writing a eulogy for
Henry Miller. l say dangerously because I
don't even know if he is alive or dead. What I
do know is that I will cherish his words in my
heart forever. By helping me to understand the
importance. the fullness. the beauty of life.
Miller has encouraged me to face another day
with anticipation and joy. in his unique
caustic. graphic. pornographic. cynical. volu-
blc. sensuous. hilarious fashion. he's helped
me to have a better knowledge-of my heart and
soul.

l'his evening Henry Miller'confrontcd me.
comforted mc. enraged me. soothed me.
threatened me. saved me from myself. He
made me cry. l‘m eternally grateful to a person
who can make me cry. . ,. ..

Well. my beer is ﬁnished. Time to stumble
off to bed. Muflicd snatches of animated
chatter. spilled crumbs and salty pools ol‘tears
all blend together. swirl. melangc and medley
tny gentle departure from the bar.

 

AD cog? ‘
CKﬁ'IEK

(Iv-“J ”

a party in the German tradition

location: Alumni Quad courtyard

gemvzaam

playersh rom'New York who are
now playing at the Persian Room in
Menands.-is threatening to one's dis-
belief in ESP. ldoii't think there is a

' group like this. in jazz or any other

ﬁeld of music.
Chuck Wayne is a beboppcr from

the days of Charlie Pa rkcrand Diuy .

‘ (iillespie. and he's played with them
both. as well as having spent many
fruitful years with George Shearing.
.loc l’uma hasspent most ofhis time
accompanying singers. although he
worked'l'or a short time with Herbie
Mann. ‘

if you think a group consisting of
only two guitars is hard to listen to.
you couldn't be more wrong. They
generate all te excitement of a big
band. or an over electrified rock
group.

Wayne Solos

Chuck Wayne sccms to take most
of the solos. and his speedy lingers
issue forth rapid the phrases. while
l’uma urges him on. playing vibrant
chords. Chuck backs up I’utna a lit—
tle more gently. while I’uma‘s solos
are a little l'unkier. his notes longer.
and phrases shorter.

But it is at the end ol such songstts
“l'herc‘il Never lie Another You"
that the real climax is reached/It is
then that both guitarists solo
simultaneously. lilting their notes
into each other like pieces oi a pit/-
/‘|c. while the audincc states in dis-
hclicl'.

r

    Plays By 9

Joe Puma (l.) and Chuck Wayne generated all the excitement ot a
big band at the Persian Room in Menande Int weekend. This
weekend they will continue to play there.

It is to the credit of the
Wayne. l’unta duo that they elicit
more audience rcsptmsc than any
group that has been in the Persian
Room thus lttt‘.

I'hc personality oi these two men
is as dispnralc as their musical styles.
Wayne is ulnays smiling. ttl\\ays
seems happy. l’uma is grim. and his
dour slttlcttlcttls on the stand add a
good dcztl lo lhc presentation ol lltc
group.

lhc Chuck \\’a_\uc .loc I’uma
“no or” he at the Persian Room.
Mill City ('cutct. on llroadun) in

: STATE UNIVERSITY
: TlglEATRE
I resents
“HE IQIMﬂQS

i Of [lDIQIICIi

: by lanford Wilson
|Dlrecte<l by Jerome Honley
:October 2-5, 8:30 PM October 6, 2:30 PM

I Lab Theatre,
I

I for reservations call

Performing Arts Center

ITICKETS —— $3.00
$2.00 with lD
$1.00 with student tax cord

457-8606

lttnded by student association I

L-------------------

136:

Coltrane.
l ittutttttutmutttmmImmurmutttruuuIitanttututtuuttuutuntmtrtttrIttuttinunututttttnututruututnmuaurtturnttmtttttt

The alternative tilmic

Meuands lor the last time this 'l'hurs-
day. Friday. and Saturday. i suggest
you catch them before you havc to
rely on someone clsc‘s memory to
know how good they are.

this coming weekend. Nick
llrignoin will meet head on with the
hard dri\ ing tenor saxophonist front
the lluddy Rich baud Sal Nistieo.
It “ill take place at Shuker's
Steakhouse and .la// Emporium.
l|7 Riverfﬂrcct in Troy. which. like
the l’ct'stao Room. is only a I5
nnnutc ridc Irom campus.

llrignola Aotl Nistieo

lltcse l\\o stuttpittmish met last
Spring ut the (ioldcn hrs. and [lie
hnttlc ol the sti.\L'.\ produced three
t.‘\t‘1lllti.' \L'ls oi the kind ol Iricntlly
cutting scsston that you tune
ptohuhh tcad about. but may octct'
ilit\L‘ had the opportunity to witness
lot youtscll. '

"I “as getting hugged because I
oc\ct had the opportunity to solo. ”
lirtgnola told me. "Sal told Woody
that he ought to gtic Inca low of his
[Sal‘s } solos, So one tiny Woody
signaled Inc tojoiu Sal in n rendition
ol "('nidonta". Ailct' lltc sci. Woody
bought inc a drink and told inc how
much he liked my playing. and im-
plied that he has about to give the
some more solo space. llut | lclt the
hand soon ultcr."

Sui .Nistico stayed unit the “cr-
tnan hand. on illlti oll. lor several
years. gaining tame [or playing at
breakneck tempos. However. Sal is
also a very good ballad plttycr. llis
tnllucnccs arc Sonny Rollins. most
obviously. but with more than a hint
of Dexter Gordon and John

' ‘mottoea. The oilicial motto of a state may orme not be part ’of its real}. I ;
Fewer than half of all the‘ltate mottoes m in Engllrh‘. TWenty-two of them 7

are in Latin and one each in Creek (California). French (Minnesota).
Spanish (Montana). American lndian (Washington). and Haviaiiait;
Latin mottoes were adopted by various states not only during the early
history of ,our country. as one mightexpeet. but also duringthe westward ex- ’
pansion, which i! more surprising. Frequently they are adaption: from the“
great Latin writers, especially from Vergil. A selection of them‘ follows.
Arkansas? '
“Regnat Populua" (The people rule)
Kansas: -
“Ad Astra Per Alpera” (To the stars through difficultiel)
Mississippi! ‘ p
.‘Virtute Et Armin" (By valor and arms)
Missouri: ’
“Salus Populi Suprema Lex Esto"tLet the well'areof the people be the
supreme law)
New York:
“Excelsior” (Ever upward)
North Carolina: .
“Esse Quam Videri“ (To be rather than to seem
Oklahoma:
“Labor Vincit Omnia“ (Labor coaners all things)
Virginia:
“Sic Sempcr ‘l‘yrannis‘t'l'hus always to tyrants)
Wyoming:
"Anna Cedant 'l‘ogac“ (Let war give way to peace)
l'hc motto of the District of Columbia is “.lustitiaOmnibus" (Justice to
all). As the drama of Watergate unfolds in the Congress and in the courts.
Itou appropriate!

Judy Wingerd cannot convince Steve Zimmer that ebe'e telling the

truth in their roles as Eve and Robert in the state University Theatre

productlon oi “The atmen ol Eldrtteh" by Lanlord Wilson, directed by

Jerome Hartley. which will be pertormed in the Lab Theatre at the Per-

tormtng Arte Center Octoberz-ti. Tickets avallable at the PAC Box Ot-
ttee or call 457-8606.

 

mperieme SiliOC' 1954

funded by student association

presents in coniunction
with the Dept. of Classics

63%
319

with Melina Morcouri

The Phaedra

a modern adaptation of an ancient Greek myth:
lcarus

& a
Cﬁﬂgaﬁmﬁg
gym a 83th

Tues. Oct. i

$1.00 with tax

Ilull!IIlItllluﬂlmutuuﬂmmuﬂwItllllMilllllllllulllllllllllllllmmmlllﬂtlllﬂllllllllumllllmlﬂulmﬂvA IW
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE ELEVEN

LC 1
7:30 pm

tickets go on sale in Campus Center on Thursday Oct. 3 at 10:00 am

ticket prices:
$1. with Alumni Quad Card (advance)

1.50 with Alumni Quad Card (at the door)
1.50 with Tax Card (advance)

s 2.00 with Tax Card (at the door

2.50 General Admission set in modern day Athens,

 

 

lauded by student association

 

 

OCTOBER '1, 1974

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS OCTOBER 1, 1974

PAGE TEN

 

