 

“thy :Kenneth Ardulno ‘

Albany ‘State football team
proved the Daily New: pundits
wrong by’- trampling through

' and ‘over‘ Hofstra in their season
opener on the Hofstra astroturf.
The New: had predicted a three
touchdown victory for the Flying
Dutchmen but quanerbacerohn
. Bertuzzi had other plans for the.
winless hosts. ' '

Tito football min in action egefnet Dutch. The Dome open
their home aeaaon Saturday versus tough Alfred.

"‘1'."- OverHotstra  33.7  *-

Bertuzzi. the man wholmakes
Albany’s wishbone offense 'go.
ran it magniﬁcently. faking,
pitching out. and sometimes run-
ning with it himself. amassing
200 yards on the ground in the
ﬁrst half. Not only did Bertuzzi
sparkle as a ﬁeld general. but he
scored two touchdowns on runs

g 'of ten and nine yards along with
a ﬁfty-six yard touchdown pass

to split end Bob Baxter.

Though Bertuzzi sets up the
plays with his fakes,» it is his
backs who get the yardage. Orin
Grifﬁn and Glenn Solwalski out-
side. and Tonny DeBiois inside
ate up huge chunks of ground.
The veteran offensive line com-
pleted the winningformula by
opening big holes for the ball
carriers. In fact only one running
play lost yardage. until the last
quarter and by then the game

was all but over.

Martin Stars

A new offensive weapon was
also revealed by the Danes.
Kicker Al Martin. a transfer
from Nassau Community
College kicked two field goals. a
twenty yarder and a school
record forty-five yarder. He was
also three for four on extra
points; his one miss coming
against a stiff b'reeze. Punter
Mike Marrin added a school
record of his own with an 80 yard
pttnt.

The game.playcd in an inter-
mittent rain. started off with.
DeBlois and Griffin running the
ball through Hofstra. They ran
out of steam on the three and

a Martin kicked a field goal.

Hol'stra came out alternating
quarterbacks every play. They
could not move the ball against
Albany and were plagued with

Boaters Top
RP] and Fredonia

by Nathan Salant

The Albany State Great Danes
soccer team opened their season
last Wednesday. beating R.l’.l.
4-l. and then swamped Fredonia
3-0 iii a rain—drenched Saturday
matinee. The Bootch dominated
both games. outshooting R.l’.l.
25-12. and Fredonia 26-8.

Of great importance to the
Hooters was the emergence of
Cliepe Ruano as the striker the
Danes lacked last year. Ruano
scored the Danes first goal ofthc
season at 9:22 versus R.l’.|.. and
then assisted on i’ascuali l’etric-
citine‘s goal which ran the score
to 2-0. When |{.|’.|. came back
with a goal early iii the second
half. Ruano netted ltis second
goal of the day 30 secotids later.

’aul Scliiescl scored the Danes

final goal with l2 minutes left.

In the |"T'Cd0liiti game. with the
Danes leading H) on a Johnny
Rolando l5 yarder. it was Ruano
who iced it with a direct kick with
its minutes left. Wayne Gar-
roway completed the Danes’
scoring. 3 minutes later, on a
rebound.

“Why does it always rain when
w :“ptey Fredon'ul,’ lamented
Dane fullback Boo Schlegei.tind
for the visitors. it really poured.
With the score [-0 in the first

half. l’redonitt‘s forwards failed
on 3 excellent scoring oppor-
tunities. one tltanks to Schicch
himself. who covered the net
when Obwald was caught out of
position. and made a great save.

The game was played iii the
most liorrcndotis conditions yet
over ltltl liooter rooters ﬂoated
throtigh the rai'i—a-thoti. Dattc
('oacli liill Schcffelin publicly
acknowledged the support of the
fans after the game. crediting
them with assists on the Danes’
second and third goals. A louder
crowd has yet~ to attcttd an
Albany home event.

Despite the cool. wet weather.
tempers flared early. and fre-
quently. with Arthur liedt'ord
leaving early lor fighting. along
with his sparring partnei.Warn-
ing were issued to several
players throughout the contest.
attd it took a fine effort by the of-
ficials to prevent any further
boxing from interrupting play.

Tilt: win over Fredonia puts
the Danes H) in SUNY Con-
ferencc play. The Hooters travel
to Oswego Wednesday. and Buf-
falo State Saturday. before com-
ing home to host highly ranked
Cortland October 2.

fumbles. Some of them might
have been caused by the constant
change at quarterback.

Albany.going mainly with the
run (one pass in the firstquarter).
lulled the Hofstia cornerbacks
into playing much tighter to stop
Albany‘s sucessful running
game. Bertuzzi. on the ﬁrst play
of the second quarter. faked the
handoff. freezing the defensive
backs. and then hit Bob Baxter.
who was all alone. on a fifty-six
yard touchdown strike.

Again Hofstracould not move
and bothteams traded turnovers
due mainly to the slippery ball.
After one such fumble Albany‘s
drive was stalled and Martin.
aided by the wind. booted his
record breaker.

Bertuzzi Goes Over

Albany finished the scoring in
the halt'after receiving good field
position. by bottling up Hofstra
in their own end. Runs by Grif—
fin and DeBlois brought the ball
to the ten. where Bertuzxi ran it
in.

The second half saw Hofstra
move the ball better under the
direction of just one quarter-
back. Alhany contributed a
l’u mbledpunt. some sloppytackl-
ing and the inability to get to the
quarterback to help Hofstra
score for the first time in nearly
seven quarters.

The. heavy relna failed to atop Albany‘s soccer team. as they shutout Friedonla
Saturday. Above the Danes try to get some footing on a very slippery turf.

Below the players take refuge from the rain and listen to some words of wisdom

from Coach Schieffelln.

Soptu'mhgiae, 1974

Albany came right back with
Bertuzzi breaking tackles. to
score a nine yard touchdown on
the first play of the fourth
quarter.

The biggest gain of the day
came on Albany‘s next posse-
sion. Glenn Sowalski went sixty-
one yards on a pitchout around
left end for Albany‘s final score.
The second string finished out
the game.

The offensive Was impressive
despite their fumbles. Most of
them were not on exchanges (as
they were last year) but by the
runners trying to hold on to a wet
ball. Glenn Sowalski and Orin
Griffin racked up No and “4
yards respectively while Tom
DeBlois added seventy-nine.
Last year‘s big runner. Marvin
l’erry. ne'ver did get started but
he was not missed by the offense.

The defense showed some
sloppy tackling at times. The
secondary. though impressive
statistically.ieft receivers open.
The inadequacy of Hofstra‘s two
quarterbacks remedied that
problem. 'l'ime should help the
secondary get coordinated.

Alfred Next

Next Saturday the Danes open
up their home season against
highly regarded Alfred. The

Danes are coming off an im-
pressive victory but with Alfred
they will have their hands full.

State university 

of Neinorh at Albany _

Central Council Chairperson David Coyne (L). and student Association Vice-President ira Bim-
baum (R). confer on SA's alternate housing proposal.

Kennedy Bows Out For ’76
Jackson May New Lead Ticket

by Bob Mayer

Senator Kennedy‘s decision this

week to remove himself from con-
sideration as the Democratic
presidential nominee in I976 was a
well thought-outdeci-
sion for the Senator.
though it presents a
dreadful dilemma for
his party.

lhe decision to ttvoid the catn-

ptiign has been attributed by
political analysts to many factors.
The most common are Chappttquid-
dick and Kennedy‘s familial respon-
sibilities. These two areas reflect
only a small part of the decision that
has burdettcd the family as well as
the party ever since the tragic day iii
l.os Angelcs when Robert Kennedy
was murdered.

(‘liappuquiddick presented ati
enormous obstacle for the Senator.
though by tio means iin insurmoun-
table onc. (irtiiitcd that Watergate
has attuned the pttblie to questions
of moral integrity; that the anti-
Keniiedy forces were waiting in the
wings with slogans like “Nobody
ever died itt Watergate": yet.
Kennedy‘s smooth style. and his
family's gift of hypnotizing a large
segment ol this mttioti. would have
iti some tiieasurc reduced the impact
of that particttltt r tragedy.

Still. Kennedy's less than candid
apologiu loomed iii the air as a
frightful issue iii a tiatioiitil cam-
piiign and It) some degree played an
important role in his decision not to
run.

News
Analysis

The Emotional Stress

flis explanation of “family
responsibilities" was somewhat dis-
guised. true. the Senator‘s son tiiiiy
not have that tiiuch time to live: true.
his wife .lotttt may suffer psy<
cliological distress: hilt. without it
doubt the overriding fear of the

Kennedy elati is that fed. like his
two brothers. may someday be shot
dead by an as.  . That is a price
the Kennedy family can not afford.
Emotionally. the Kennedys‘ are
broke.

It makes little sense to argue
whether or not he would have won
the election against a Ford-
Rockefeller ticket. For the Senator.
getting there was too much of an cf-
t‘tm. ‘I‘lt nation‘s passions would be
aroused by a Kennedy campaign.
attd so too would the divisions be
made deeper. For the nation. his
family. and himself. Kennedy made
the titost mature decision in his life.

The Democratic part is another
story altogether. Since the ‘72 elec-
tion they have moved from despair
(following Nixon‘s landslide elec-
tion) to elation (during the
Watergate crisis) back to despair
(following the nation‘s love affair
with Ford) and now a cautious op-
timistii (iii the wake of Nixon‘s par-
don attd the depressing economic
developmcttls.)_

When the Watergate dam was
bursting Americans saw it rare
glimpse of Democrat harmony and
bliss. in addition. after the debacle
of the internally devisive McGovern
candidacy. most Democrats hoped
to avoid a recurrence at till cost.
Kennedy afforded the Democrats
the opportunity of not tearing each
other to death prior to the election.
There would liaVe been it “stop
Kennedy" movement but the likely
eiitergeuee of“ strong labor. youth.
minority coalition supporting the
Massachusetts senator would have
easily dominated the convention.

The Decision
The party is tiow faced with it

grand diletiitiia. Some Democratic
heavyweights like llnnipiircy.

Muskie. and chairperson Strauss
had serious doubts whether Ted
cottld pttt an effective fight against
the Republican ticket. Tiin es-
pecially feared the controversy that a
Kennedy candidacy would llil-
dottbtedly spur. ilut intio way does
Kennedy‘s l'orleit suggest a smooth
road ahead.

At the most recent meeting of the
Democratic Rules Committee the
old ptlitll'iYHIltHi between
"progressive" and "moderate-
cottsct'vativc" elements once again
exploded into a shooting catena of
political passion. What's more the
outlook now looks tiittcli worse.

"Scoop" Jackson

lleiiry (Seoothaeksou is now
considered by many the front
t'lllillCI'. if this is the case. the party
had best prepare itself for the in-
evitable war. Kennedy is gone. but
his supporters remain and it is un-
likely that they and the |el't-of~
center. vocal segment that together
make tip the core of the party will
ticcept Jackson as their man. The
Washington senator is clearly
associated with the Johnson policies
of Vietnam; a policy that still litiiigs
like an albatross around tlteirneck.

On the other littitd. there isit grow-
ing sentiment within the Democratic
ranks tlittt the sit-called “McGover-
tiites" lll't.‘ ttot attuned to the
thoughts of a majority of Americans.
it is titilikely that they will yield to
another candidate. so closely
associated with the left as the l972
Presidential hopeful.

For the Democratic Party. the
prospects for I976 are not totally
bleak. However the rifts of the re-
cent past have ttot been mended.
Ted Kennedy reminded everyone of.
that this week.

by Ken Nuge'nt , -
l-Zttrly next week. Student Association is expected to submit to Mayor Cor-
ning its alternate housing proposal based on square footage.

Student Association officials tiiet 'l‘ucsday with Morris Eiss. the head of

- the Albany (‘otle i-an‘oreenicnt llureitti.todiseusstlieirtiewttttiendtncnt.This
amend metit. it accepted. \iould halt the threat tosludcnt apttnmcntdWeiiers
and theoretically sohc the problems ol'tlie Albany coiiuiiunity.:tccordingto
SA Vice-President lra Ilirnbautn.

I lie original bill. passed tlti'ce necks ago. posed if threat to SU NY A's off-
czitiipus residents. 11 n tllllti liti\t.' tirade it illegal for more than three unrelated
people to live together. lite bill currently awaits Mayor Cortiing‘s signature.
('ortiiiig sitiil lit: would uait until an alternate housing proposal was drawn
tip.

llie meeting it. itli liiss \itisati attempt to get a city olficittl‘s opinions on the
proposal. l-‘tss also helped the Student Association work ottt tltc speciﬁcs of
their amendment.

SA l’tesith-nt l’at ('ttrrati. Vice-President Ira Biriibttum. atid actingSA
business tirt‘l iiiiotts administrator Kitti Krcigcr. discussed all fottr sections of
their proposal \\illl liiss. Alter the tiieeting. “ll‘ilbtllllil commented that Eiss
"\tusti't entry about it

Despite criticism by iiiss. SA officials will meet with Mayor Corning on
Monday when they expect to present him with their proposal. They hopethe
tittietttlntents will impress Corning enough to may liitii to veto the Common
('outicil's housing ordinance. '1 hey hope Council will accept their
amendments instead. ilii\\c\cl'. they rctiiaiu pessimistic. with Birnbaum
statitig.“tlterc‘s a chance. itot ii good one.“

lhree‘tiitijor problems brought about the Common Council‘s bill.

Permanent Albany residents poitit otit the outrageously high rents they
lime to pay because of students. Two hundred atid fifty dollars per month
can hc paid with greater ease by five studetits.iliittt by a middle class family.

A reeetit R.l’.l. study showed that SUNYA students force rents tip. and
that students pay 67‘; more rcttt than lltlll-Slllticlils.

Residents also point out severe parking problems and the high noise level
as other justifications lot' tltc original housing hill.

Ilie student-proposed square-footage amendment would tentatively
specin that there be it minimum of 3th square feet of lioor space fora single
occupant: at least 460 square feet for two: 540 for 3: (bill for-4: atid ti tninimum
of tit) square feet for each additional dweller.

For rooming attd lodging units the amendment specifies that the “max-
imutii number of occupants shall be litiiited to one person for every90 square
feet atid one additional persoii for every 90 square feet thereafter."

SA‘s proposal also has it family definition. It enutiieralcs that one or more
persons livitig together constitute a family. This contrasts Common Coun-
cil's deﬁnition of no more than three persons constituting a family.

iii a gesture to alleviate future parking problems SA‘s new proposal will
specify that all new multiple family residences provide for adequate off-the-
strect parking. Another section specifies that "utiy-suh-division made to
currently existing dwellings be accompanied by it provision for ol'f-the-street
parking of one car per new room.“

these two parking provisions do nothing to help the immediate parking
problem. liiss noted. SA leaders countered this by suggesting that Albany
eliminate the complex alternate side ol'the street parking. By opening park-
ing on both sides of the street. more cars could fit.

Another provision indicates that “SUNYA ()ff-Catiipus Housing Office
shall list only those dwellings which have been issued a Certificate of 0c-
eupttney." The main purpose of this section is to insure to students a decent
place to live.

liirtibtitim tinted that since many people do not have decent housing. a
great deal of work will be faced by building inspectors.

iiiss noted there was no solution to the hiin rent and the noise problems.
“it: SA heads suggested that rent control he used to keep prices down. Eiss.
flooring the idea. told them they should support legislation concerning rent
control.

lti 'tnswer to the noise problem. SA explained that it only takes one person
to rttti ll stereo (the biggest noise eouiplttintl. and the only answer to that
problem would he to outlaw stereos.

Since SA leaders expect Coming to sign the original bill with the limit of
three. the question has been raised as to SA's counter move. g

lt'a liirtibtium commented. "any action we take will not be taken until after
he signs it into law. We li:t\en‘t ruled out the possibility. but we haven't con-
sidered it either!"

SUNYA students may have an ace up their sleeve. however. Hugh Carey.
Democratic nominee for Governor. will be attending the SASU meeting in
Albany oti Saturday. Corning has endorsed Carey atid may be inﬂuenced by
his opiiiioti. fliriibitum slated. "We‘re trying to employ Carey‘s support since
he has tried to appear to be pro~student throughout his campaign. We‘ll now
.find out how pro-student he really is."

 

Chancellor Boyer announced
his intention to speak at the etu-
dent preee conference with
SUNY otftclala this afternoon.
The announcement came
suddenly late Wednesday after-
noon. There wu some specula-
tion that he would be speaking
about a propon tuition in-
creaee for SONY schools.

Governor Wilson. if re-eiected.
is expected to recommend to the
Board of Trustees that tuition be

“doubled. His office mfueed to

 

confirm the ailegatfon.but -lf la
known that lit hie conterencee
with Boyer and eit-Goiremer
Rockefeller. the then Lt.-
Govemor wanted a tuttfon lo-
creeee of town.

it la a matter of public record
that Malcolm Wilson eupporte a
tuition bike at state echoofa

other topics at In piece con-
ference In Win Towera will be
the housing teatimmﬁ. M
datory tea, and student
services.

 

 

