  
 
 

 
      

by litres Maggi! ‘ _,

' The Albany State basketball team
opens their 1974-75' season
5 tomorrow. as they travel to New
Paltz to face the Hawks.

 The Danes have a young and an
it , exciting team but have so far been
if hampered by injuries. Captain Pete
'l‘, Koala will lead the Dane attack as he
.2 will start atone of the forward spots.
it Pete‘s progress is the key to the
 Danes' success. Hewill be counted on
1’, heavily for both rebounding and
f," scoring. He seems to have complete-
5; ly gotten over his one year layoff.
 Albany's offense is especially suited
. for him and his fine hook shot will be
'  a valuable addition to the Danes‘
g. offense. '

‘. Bob Audi. for the present. has
 ' won the battle for the other forward
l < slot. beating out transfer Tom
 Morphis. “I have my best team with
 Audi out there.“ said Doe Sauers.
 Audi is a hard worker on the court
I}. and he should provide Albany with

 some much needed rebounding.
" Morphls to see action
Morphis should still see plenty of
action against New Paltz. as he will
spell both Koola and Audi.
Morpbis. who is the tallest man oit
tlte team. has looked good in prac-
tice. Because he has missed a year of
basketball. he should get better as
tlte season progresses and he sliotrld
press Andi for a starting spot all
season. Backup forward Kevin
Keane. the only freshman on tlte
roster. is not expected to see much
action against the Hawks because of
an ankle injury.

by George Miller

The Albany State wrestling team
faces it's first test of the season this
Saturday as they host a triangular
match with local rival Rl’l and New
Hampshire‘s Dartmouth.

Starting with a framework of
twelve rctunting lettermen. Coaclt
.loc (iarcia has constructed a solid
varsity unit which has the potential
to better last year‘s i2-2 record. the

    

 

; Season. Opens Tomorrow

The three sophomores. EdiJohny

son. Gary Trevett and Mike
supronowitz' will all start in the

‘backeourt. Senior Rich Kapner,

who looked so impressive in last
year's ECAC Tournament and in
practice this year, is once again
plagued by injuries. Rich is nursinga
sore shoulderand has not been prac-
ticing with the team. How much he
will be able to contribute won't be
known till game time.

Because of the Danes‘ three-guard
offense. Trevett will play forward on
defense. He will also have the
primary responsibility of bringing
the ball up court. Johnson and
Supronowitz will be counted on
heavily to put points on the boards.

Doc Sauers is still unsure of the
team's prospects for this year. He
had hoped to get a good indication
about his team in a double scrim-
mage with Colgate lust Week.
However. due to injuries to Kapner
and Keane. he was forced to take
three freshman up from thejunior
varsity with him. Still the Danes
looked good in one of the scrim-
mages. but lack of depth was a
problem.

The Danes have been ranked
ninth in an Upstate New York small
college basketball preseason polling
of state- coaches. Albany. as the
season progresses. will have the op-
portunity to move up in the ratings
as they meet six of the eight learns
ahead of tlicrtt. These teams inelttde
top ranked llartwick. Siena.
lirockport. Buffalo State. ()nconttt.
and l’otsdant.

Wrestler’s Hopes

best itt Albany‘s history.

All-American Larry Mints is back
once rttorc irithe I42 lb. weight class.
Another key figure is heavyweight
Rudy Vido. a two-time SUNYAC
champion.

Diiitc depth ii key

However two men do not a team
make and this is where the real
strength of Albany lies. The secret to
success this year hinges on the word

‘ The Danes face an opponent
tomorrow who already has two
games under their belts. Saturday

v New Paltz lost to Fredonia College

64-6l‘ in‘ overtime. Fredonia has
always been one of the better New

' York small college. teams and for

New Paltz to take them into over-
time on their own court. is a good
reﬂection on New Paltz. Sunday the
Hawks lost to Buffalo State.

This will also be the Danes first
SUNY conference game. Last year.
Albany destroyed New Paltz. win-
ning l02-8l.Center Ron Domnnski,
a sophomore who last year averaged
l2 points a game and forward Bob
Fortune who averaged l0 points a
game are New Paltz‘s only returning
starters. Doc Sauers should have a
pretty good idea of what to expect
frottt New Paltz. as his assistant
coach Don Joss scouted the Hawk-
liuffalo State game.

The Danes are fortunate to open
up against New Paltz. as they aren‘t
regarded as a really tough school. In
previous years the Danes had to
open against Williams College. The
Dunes should be able to handle the
Hawks bill they must get healthy.
Sauers feels he ltas ample benclt
strength when the team is healthy.
The Danes must stay out of foul
trouble against New l’all/ or the
pressure is really going to be oit the
rest of the sqtiad because of tltcain-
juries.

Alter the New l'alt/ garlic. Albany
returns to the Unitcrsity (iym Satur-
day to face Cortland State lit another
SllNY Conference game,

ise With

depth. According to Coach (i‘ili'L'lll.
this year‘s squad has perhaps the
most depth ol any tcattt lodate. lliis
factor should becottte increasingly
tttorc important as the season
progresses because of possible in-
juries.

In the l2(i lb. weight class is
sophomore lirian Jubrey. ii strong
competitor who ltad the fastest fall
last year: 32 seconds versus Rl’l.

Wrestlers in action during a pro-couch scrimmage. Coach ﬂoral-'0 Croppioro hope to better last
years' 12-2 mark. The turn opens Ito season It homo. “turdoy. at 1 p.m.

I

  
  
   
     
      
  
   
   
  
 
    
     
     
     
     
     
   
     
    
    
    
    
   
    
     
   
    
   
     
    
      
 
   
    
     
    
   
      
   
    
      
 
    
     

 

moltlar

The Albany state basketball team worklng themselves into shape tor
their season opener against New Paltz tomorrow

Increased Depth

A real strong group mints the H4
lb. division. “ending this group are
rcturniitg lcltcrmen litltan
(ir'ossmau and Vie (iaglitirdi. who
moved rip front the |2(t lb. weight
class. Newcomers who‘ll be adding
their support here are sophomore
(ierry Klein and freshman Stun
Shahcen.

The sole grapplcr iii the I42 lb.
ch 's‘ is really the only one Albany
needs. Co-capttiin Larry Mints. a
senior. will be aiming to better his
51h place finish iii the NCAA’s ltist
spring.

Another weight division where.

Albany sports real depth is at l5t)
lbs. Battling it out for the number |
spot it re .lel'f (iolden arid Keit
Kniekrneycr. botlt veterans. lluckirtg
them tip will be the solid duo othick
Ambrosio. li transfer from
Westcltester and it freshman Nick
Zubulake.
llorn anchors at lSll

In the |5ll lb. class is Tom llorrt
who will be one of tlte pivotal men in
the quest forit successful year. Look-
ing brick at last year‘s stats. Tom
posted a 10-2-2 record. Add to it
year‘s experience and who knows’l in
addition. Rick Robbins rind John
Alden will also be sharing duty at
l5ii.

At I67 lbs. Doug llauer will be ex-_

pected to get the nod. Although
Doug suffered it shoulder injury last
year he still managed to pull out a
respectable 9-4-l record. With sotittd
health Doug will be looking to im-

proie oit that mark starting this
Saturday, R.Virsqiie/ will also be
wrestling in that tli\'isittn.

Although injured threc»|'ourthsof
the way through the season. Rich
Lawrence turned iii a 5-5 lttlly at
177 lbs. Also going with Rich will be
second year titan (ireg Allcit. who
broke art attklc last year. and Paul
Asltburrt.

At l9ll|bs. is Donnie Miott. lleisu
staunch wrestler. who had the most
falls last year as ltetoppled five op-
ponents on the way to it lJ-I dual
meet record. Also at 190 is ()lt'\ litrri.
a freshman.

Manning tltc Itcatyueight c ss is
Rudy Vido. who went undefeated iit
dual ntcct competition last year. and
font ('lcary. It need he. (‘lcnry could
he dropped dowrt to the tilt) lb. class.

()ne definite gap that hurts the
Danes is the lack of a wrestler ill the
lift lb. division. A wrestler froin the
|2(t lb. class may be dropped down
hill ('oaclt (iarcin is hoping for relief
when the spring term begins when a
boy he‘s been looking at may
transfer.

With the ridditiori of scvett new
schools to the schedule ((icnesen. St.
Lawrence. Potsdam. Lowell,
Southern Connecticut. University of
Mussascltusetts. and King's
College). the niatincn are definitely
faced with it challenging year.
Regardless. depth and experience
are in abundance and ifirllgoes well.
another outstanding year could be
on the way.

 

Sociology Chaim-n Forer'e reappointment still up In the air.

Forer Reappointment
Awaits PhD Review

'by Robert Mayer

Despite the growing concerns of
faculty and students within the
Sociology department over renett ll
of eltairpersori Ray Forer‘s term.
President Louis lieiteIct iltSlSli that
"no deeisioti will be forthcoming"
until the evaluation of the PhD
program is completed by outside
rc\ iewcrs this January. l-lowcvei.
Ilene/ct did say that if the faculty
vote was over-whelntingly against
the renewal and it the Vice-President
of Academic Affairs. l’hillip
Sir'otkin made a negative rccontnten-
dation "l would lean heavily on their
rccomntcndations."

As reported earlier iii the Stttdertt
Press. the faculty had bce asked by
licnn of Social Sciences Richard
Kendall to make art evaluation on
the renewal of liorer as chairperson.
According to sources. the vote was a
lop-sided I4-2 against renewal.

Kendall Next Step

lhc next step iii the renewal
procedure is a recommendation to
Vice-President Sirotkin front Dean
Kendall The Dean has refused to

comment hit the Forer ease. saying
only. “I ltavc passed the recommen-
dation up the ladder.” to an int-
p roittptii irttervicw with the Student
Press. Kendall cautiously avoided
any comments that dealt specifically
with the situation iii the Sociology
depurtrttent. btrt characterized it «sit
“negative and unhappy" one. When
asked what lte would do to correct
the problem. the Dean smiled and
said. “those are my_trride secrets.“

Vice-President Sirotkiri has also
rcfrairted froin furtlter comment to
the Student Press on the case in par-
tieular saying tlttit “the President
ittust now decide." Yet despite the
fact that the brill is now in lienezet‘s
coiirt.rr meeting with Sirotkin will be
held this afternoon tit the request of
four faculty members to discuss the
future of the department and
charinien.

lieric/el. iii an interview this week
acknowledged that the decision on
liorer is now his own and said. “I
know Ray. I know his colleagttesrind
I know some of tltciit have strong
disagreements. Forer is having dif—
ficulties with his department and his
department is having difficulties
with ltiitt. All I can say is it is unfor-
tunutc."

The President suggested that part
of the problem was iii the nature of
thechitirinaiisliip'itsclf. “l‘hedepiiri-
merit chairman is lit a difficult porri-
tlon. llels on the firing line iiitd has
to convey the consequences of scarce

 

resources. He rittrst 'm'it'kc
resolutions. It is highly important
fora department iit times of shrink-
ing resources to uni ke allowances for
one another.“
lint tltc problems iii the depart-
ment go beyond economic scarcitics.
l’ltc lop—sided vote by Sociology
professors against Forer‘s reap—
pointment scents indicative of tlteir
opposition to his chairmanship. The
President appeared reluctant to dis-
cuss these particulars indctailsaying
only. “When you ltave an unhappy
situation. it is tip to the administra-
tiott to take note or this and it it can
not help resolve the problcmthen it
must suggest other measures." The
President did not elaborate tilt the
nature o1 those measures. I‘le
remarked. "l'nt just not going to say
anything now that would make a
judgement.“ Was a searclt corti—
tttittec going to be initiated? “I can't
sziy 2r search cotttittittcc will be
started. l‘hat would be saying that lie
[l‘orer] will not be renewed arid we
are looking for it new chairman
now."

 

3 Thou Shalt Not House Students

 

In Lounges, Declares Gauncil

by Stephen V. Dzlnlnlta

A strong stand against theovercrowding of dorms was
taken by Central Council last Wednesday night with the
passage of a billdemanding that the housing of students

in lounges be prohibited and the tripling of students in _

dorm rooms be discouraged. ,

The bill calls for it written acknowledgement of and
agreement .to these demands from the Director of
Residence within one week of its passage.

' The Student Association has threatened to organize a
campaign among all SUNYA dormitory residents to
withhold the payment of room charges if such a state-
ment is not issued within the specified time period. SA

would collect the paymentsand hold them inescrowuntil‘

the armii‘nos of the bill had been met.

According to the bill. SA feels that the “tripling of oc-
cupants in dormitory rooms and lounge living ac-
comodations are nothing short of inhuman living con-
ditions." Anticipation of an overcrowding problem in
the dorms next scntester which would “increase the
strain upon facilities“ served ristltc rationale fortlte bill.

SA originally obtained figures from an “unofficial
source in residence“ indicating that on-eampus housing
might rise to l2()% capacity next semester.

Director of Residence John Welty called the I20‘l’o
figure a “rumor.” Welty ntaintairtcd that the figure
would not be not ﬂy that high attd subrrtitted estimates of
Hit"; capacity at tile beginning of the semester perhaps
tapering oil to less at the eitd of the semester.

in response to the estimates released by the Residence
()tlicc SA l’rcsidcnt l’at Curran stated. “lftlteir figures
are correct. arid ldoiibt il'they are. we still waiit a written
statement indicating that students will not be put up itt
lounges."

Welty leels that the provisions ittcrttioiicd iii the bill
are things that have already been arttieipatcd by the
Residence Office arid will be takeit care of as soon as
possible.

Welty explained that a survey is itow being conducted
artioiig on-eantpns students to determine the rtumber of
students that will he withdrawing from or transferring
oitt of SUNYA next semester. This information will be
used to assess the on-campiis housing sitttation for next
semester and aid the Residence ()fficc iit iitttkirtg the
properadjustments. However. the information front the
surrey is not yet available.

The Director of Residetiee was ttnaltlc to say whether

 

or not the overcrowding situation will force students to
live in lounges next semester. -

One of the provisions of the bill “insists that the
Residence Ofﬁce immediately allow female dorm
residents to break their housing contracts if they wish to
do so. and furthermore. policies should be amended to
automatically permit open release from housing con-
tracts whenever occupancy of dorm space is above 100%.

Welty indicated that open release for women would be
considered by the Residence Ofﬁce. .

The bill stipulates that students currently living in
tripled rooms or in lounges should be allowed to stay
there for the remainder of the 1974-75 academic year if
they choose to. The bill further demands that students
living in tripled rooms bcchrirged 66-2/3%ofthe normal
rate for that room and those livingin lounges becharged
50% of the normal double occupancy rate for that dor-
mitory.

Welty tropes that he will be able to work with SA to
reach a compromise that is mutually acceptable. Welty
commented. “We don‘t have any desire to overcrowd
people and we will make every attempt to alleviate the
problem."

A meeting between Welty. Curran. SA Vice-President
lra liir‘ubaunt.and Council Chairperson Lewis Fidler to
discuss the issue wastotakeplaecat l l:00this morning.

(.‘urrrin feels optimistic that the administration willgo
along with most of the provisions lit the bill except for
the one which demands that the housing of students in
lounges be prohibited and the tripling of students in a
single room be discouraged.

Vice-President for Management and Planning John
llartley called the bill "premature." Based on informa-
tion acquired from the Residence Ofﬁce. Hartley stated.
“it (the housing bill) iseornplctely unnecessary because it
scents to inc'that tlte situation will work itself out.“
llartley's estimates of next semester‘s occupancy were
similar to tltose issued by Welty.

L'iirrart ntaitttained that it is unreasonable to force
students olive in lounges or in triples while the problem
works itselfout. He added that students who ltave been
acccplc'l at SUNYA for next semester should be found
alternate housing oft carttpus so that other student will
not hate to live itt lltc lounges.

(‘tirran believes that the bill will resolve tltc over-
crowded dorm problem at SUNYA and prevent students
than eier having to reside iii lounges in the future.

Stony Brook Stages Sit-In Over Housing

by Robert Mayer
' Nirte ltundrcd studentsat the State
University of New York at Stony
lirook have taken over the school‘s
Administration building demanding
that the University guttrantee in
writittg the reinstitution of recently
eliminated programs in the Residen-
tial (‘ollege Program.

Two ritiiior dentartds were settled

late last night. btrt when .lcrry‘

Mangiitelli. Strident Body President.

asked the group. “Do we stay here their

till all the demands are met?“ the

demands
guaranteeing student input into all

campus or the university would
provide off-campus arrangnients.

il SlillCll‘lclll

3.
.. .éﬁﬁﬁmprs‘ﬁﬁ

students shouted their approval for
coniiniting their takeover.

The students are demanding that
dortttitory progrant coordinators be
kept on for the [975-76 academic
year. The administration informed
coordinators Monday that there no
longer were sufficient funds to pay
through next spring‘s semester.

The students also listed among

budgetary processes eoneertting the
“quality of life." This deals with
financial distribution within the
housing facilities and personnel on
campus.

()tlter demands include the
proltibition of tripled dorm rooms
past the second week of any
semester. provisions for married
students to have living facilities on

 

rirtd the purchtise of$274.00t) for fur-
rtitnre that had becit requested by
quad managers.

l.rc student oecuputiort begiir'.
yesterday afternoon when i too
students responded to a Student
Senate advertisement in the Stony
Brook Statesmanto “occupy the ad-
ntirtistnttion building front 2 pm.
'l'ltursdriy until our demands are met
or deatlt do us part The Senate hitd
rttet Wednesday evening and voted
to support the take-over and provide
$l75 for initial costs of food and
drink for the protesters.

l‘he iidministnition made an
utterith to halt the action. threaten-
ing possible arrests to any student in
the building past 5 o‘clock closing.
As of last night there had been no
arrests and Campus Security
described the group its “orderly and
peaceful.“

Executive Vice-President Pond
told student leaders that some of the
terms were not negotiable because
they must go to the governor first.
When students were informed of the
administration‘s remarks. they
agreed overwhelmingly to stay until‘
all the terms were met. Negotiations
were continuing intovthc night.

       
   
    

raised, 3..

  

 
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
   
   
    
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
 

    
  

