 

 

M .r - .Jﬁl‘m

.%w~mw»:m.m.~ ﬂﬁﬁiw

x
H5

._...._...,.......,—.r. v:

 

Valuab

' , the  but‘lalso recorded a

- “Jory at the annual

Albany scored a

60, while SUNYs at Buffalo and
Binghamton trailed with 3| and
28 points respectively.

Buffalo's Eldred Stephens was .
the top individual performer in
the meet. Not only did he set
meet records in the long jump
(22‘ 5") and triplejump (47' IA").
the ebv winnins the Most

, The track team In their meet, The team stretched thelr wlnnlng streak to 28.

big triple victory.

track win in ,the' too-yard dash.

Aside from Stephens.
however. the day » belonged; to'
Albany.- .‘Carlo Cherubino. and
Herb Hanan each picked up meet

‘record wins for SUNYA._

Cherubino breezcd through ' the -
six mile run in 3| minutes, “.8
seconds for a half-lap victory as
teammate Gary Furlong took
third. “

Hasan got his second win in a
row for Albany as he traded the

pace with Stony Brook‘s Jim

LeRose and bytth Vjp Reds

- behind.

 

lygoutkickedu his irompetition to
victory. in 4: 2.5. Roda held on

.for, a" second. three seccnds

pose-hart hour later. so.
come from loyardsback in the

ﬁnal straight-away to win the;

880-yard run over S.B.'s Ron
Shuford, in a time of I:59.2. Jim
Stacy grabbed a four-place point
for Albany. The points were im-
portant at the time because
Albany‘s lead had shrunk to
seven points. After the 880,
however, the Danes were never
up by less than ten. '

Saturday. wlth 

‘his third race of the da :1,

threeéntile run. This timeihe'only '

helped Albany grab a sweep of
the event. Jim Shrader, svho had

set school, records for both the}

and 6‘ ntile runs two nights
before. at the Penn relays in
Philadelphia. won .' easily, in
.l4120.9. Cherubino took second,
l5 seconds behind, Nick. De
Marco third with a personal best
of 14:44.9. and Reda fourth.
For his heavy work load, Reda
was awarded the Most Valuable
Runner trophy for the'meet. He
was unavailable for comment.
Other Albany points came
from Bob Malone, who cleared
6‘ 2“ in, the high jump to win, as
improved teammate Gregg Tun-
ninglytookthird. Rudy Vido had
another great day. winning the
shot put with a 52' 5%“ loss. as
Jim Holloway took third with
I62' 7“. Tom Cleary grabbed ﬁrst
in the event or State. with a
season's best throw of l7l‘ 5".
John Streeter won the 440 in-
termediate hurdles in 56.7
seconds. Steve Mayer won the
pole'vault in l0‘ 6“. Mel Moore
got a season's best jump of 44‘
U4“ to take fourth in the triple
jump. Paul Gutman captured sc-
cond in the discus, Marty Berns-
tein third in the l00~yard dash.
and Mike Okurily fourth in the
longjump.
One of the team's best perfor-
mances came from Arthur Bed-

_ nthe 440, where he grabbed
second in a season’s best' time of
5L8., Redford feels that part of

. his difficulties at, home are due to

State's very hard track. "I was

really glad to run near the city.”'

he says. l‘The tracks there are all

much softer and I knew I could

run better on them." 7

1 He further proved his point in
the mile relay, where his 50.5 se-
cond 440 leg helped Albany to a
second place finish.

Everyone on the team seemed to
beneﬁt from the. line conditions
at Stony Brook. It is also not
often that they get to show what
they can do in warm weather.
They will be hoping for more of it
this Saturday at Plattsburgh,

.where the SUNY conference

championships are being held.
The competition will be rough
there.
but co-captain Jim Shrader was
encouraged by the 'university
center performances. “We were
ready today.“ he said. “More
ready, it turned out, than we
needed to be. If we do as Well

next week. we should at least be .

in the running for second place, if
not first.

“Cortland and Brockport
will both be very tough. but ifwc
can get a few wins from guys like
(Rich) Langl'ord in the mile,
Vido in the shot. Rcda in the half
mile. and myself in the three, we
could be in reasonably good
shape.“

Lacrosse Team Returns Home Tomorrow

by Kevin Hilly

LaCrosse. sometimes called
the fastest game on two feel. has
come along way since the days of
Colonial America when Indians
werethe only people playing. It is
no wonder the game is attracting
spectator interest. for it is one of
endurance. skill. and continuous
excitement.

For the last decade Long
Island and the Maryland area
have been the so called “hot
beds” of LnCrosses" having
produced a great proportion of
the nations best players. Today
the game is played in many ofthe
nations secondary school:
systems and in a wide spectrum
of colleges. LaCrosse play has
the physical contact of football.
the leg moving footwork of
soccer and the stick passing
liness of hockey.

Each player of two ten man
teams. carries a delicately
balanced. well oiled. personally
cared for instrument. It is the at-
tackmans shorter stick which
enables him to maneuver skillful-
ly .oeg'the defensive giants, all
at whomt'arry big sticks. Each of
these combatants 'I, confined to
his attacking of defending half of
the football size ﬁeld. '

Midﬁelders are those players

who are allowed the freedom to
run throughout the entire length
of the ﬁeld. They play defense as
well as attack and must often run
minutes without rest. They are
the machines within the team.
Many people consider the
goalie of a LaCrosse team its
most important player. It is his
job to lead the defense. He shouts
commandments. 'telling; players
to square up. (stay between the
man with the ball and the goal).
At other times he tells them to
slack off, perhaps play more
agressively. Hc'must use his body
and extra large stick to stop shots
traveling in excess of 60 MPH.
LaCrosse play requires a
dicipllned knowledge of the
teams strategy.The fortresslike
“crease” areas are circles located
at both ends of the field. In the
crease lies the goal which is close-
ly guarded by the goal tendcrand
his defense; No opposing players
are allowed in a teams defending
crease area. Attack play takes
place on all sides of the crease.
Very often the attack players

pass from behind the midfielders I

who set picks for each other to
cut from.

, Lacrosse play is action packed
because the players are allowed

to run. pass and hit freely. In
fact. any man within five yards of

a loose ball is eligible for a body '

check. Body contact is permitted
on the ISO degree front side of a
player. All players have the right
to dislodge the dense rubber
Lacrosse ball from an opposing
players stick. He may do so by
use of a body. slap, or poke

check. In a slap or poke check a ‘

player strikes the ball carriers
stick with his own. Any uncon-
trolled slashing of sticks calls for
aoncminutc suspension from the
game. It is during these extra
man situations that many of the
goals are scored.

With all its body contact and
fast foot work the game of,
l.:tCrosse is growing at an un-
controlled rate, I974 marks the
first year of professional
Lacrosse. Many people. not yet
ucuuainted with the game will be
greatly thrilled with their firsten-
counter. Tomorrows home game
game against Hartwick is an im-
portant one for the varsity
squad. All that is needed to com-
plelc the excitement is fifteen
thousand Albany student fans.
Athletes have been known to
play better In, the presence of
home crowdrinrplration.

-n

the lserosss team In thslr bet home nine. The stleltnten return home

Wednesday after a long strlng of road games.

W", ‘F’tii

These are the Indictments handed down on Mart-h 29. I 974.

IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF OHIO
NORTHERN DIVISION

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
VS

LAWRENCE A. SHAFER. JAMES I). McGee.
WILLIAM E. PERKINS. JAMES E. PIERCE.
RALI’II W, ZOLLER. MATHEW J. McMANUS.
HARRY W. MORRIS. LEON H. SMITH

INDIC’I'MENT
L' R. NO.

I. III. Secs. land 242. U. S. C.

('(N/N'I' I

Ilu: (irand Jury charges: r.

(In May 4. 1970, nl KcntStalc University. Kent.()hio. within the Northern District of Ohio.
the dclcnunnts. anrcncc A, Shufcr. James D. McGee. William E. Perkins. James l3. Pierce.
Ralph W. Zolicr. Matthew W. Zoller. and other persons to the Grand .Iury unknown. all of whom
were then members of the chin National (iuard acting under the color ofthe law of the Slateol’
()I)it)_1|idi|]gn|1d “hurting each other. did willfully assault and intimidate persons who were in-
Iltthilnnts or the smit- ol ()hio. including Alun Canfora. John Cleary. 'I'homus Grace. Dean
Knhlcr. Allison Kmusc. .Ioscph Lewis. Donald Scott Mackenzie. Jeffrey Miller. Sundru
SCIIL‘IIL‘I'. William Schroeder. Robert Stamps. and Douglas Wrcnl more. by willfully dischnrging
Intuch .30 cttlihcr. M-l ril'lcsut. over. into. and in the direction of said persons. and did thereby
Willl'ullytlcprivc said persons ofthe right secured and protected by thc Constitution and lows of
the United States not to he dcprivcd of liberty withoutdue process of law: and death nresulted
to the said Allison Krause. Jeffrey Miller. Sandra Scheuer. and William Schroeder from
such deprivation.

In violation of Sections 2 and 242 of 'I'illc III. United Stated Code.

(‘OUN'I‘ ll

And the (irund .Iury further Charges:

On May 4. I970. at Kent state University. Kcnt,0hio, within the Northern District of Ohio.
the defendant. llarry W. Morris,wh0 was then a tncmber ofthe Ohio National Guard uctlng un-
dcr the colors or the laws of the State of Ohio. did willfully assault and intimidate persons who
were inhabitants of the State of Ohio. including Alan Canfora. John Cleary. 'I'homas Grace.
Dean Kuhlcr. Allison Krause. Joseph Lewis. Donald Mackenzie. Jeffrey Miller. Sandra

.5clrcucr. William Schroeder, Robert Stamps. and Douglas Wrentmorc. by willfully discharging

n loaded .45 caliber nutomntic pistol at. over. into. and in the direction of said persons. and did
thereby willfully deprch said persons of the right secured and protected by the Constitution and
laws of the United States not to be deprived of liberty without due process of law.

In violation of Section 242 of Title I8. United States Code.

COUN'I' III

And the Grand Jury further chnrgcs:

On May 4. l‘)7ll. at Kent State University. Kcnt.()hio. within the Northern District of Ohio.
the defendants. Mathew .l. McManus and Leon H. Smith. who were then members of the Ohio
Ntttitmttl (lunrd acting under the color of the laws of the State of Ohio, did willfully assault and
intimidate persons who were inhabitants of the State of Ohio. including .Iurnes Russell. by
willfully discharging loaded l2-guuge shotguns at. over, into. and in the direction of said per-
sons. and did thereby willfully deprive said persons of the right secured and protected by the
Constitution lllltI low of the United States not to ltcdcprivcd of liberty without due process of
luw.

In violation ol Section 242 of Title Iii. United States Code.

A I'RUF. IIII.L.

(Signed) liltlil) l“. (‘liNSKY
l-orenutn
(Signed) .I. Stanley l’ottingcr
Assistant/\tlorney (lcncrnl
(‘ivll Rights Division
Department of Justice

(Signed) FREDERICK M. COLEMAN
United States Attorney

(Signed) Rolllilt‘l A. MURl’lIliY
Attorney
Department of Justice

 

 

