   

 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   

   
 
   
  
 

  
 
     
 
  
      
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
  
       
      
  
       

 

 

 

 

 

   
  

  

     
    

  

nonc-

‘ ‘- that thsex

7 (through lobbying,

. . o" and . _
liere. is on top of this movement.
and’ because ‘of this, in the he ten

 we will see substantial: int--
: provernent in the way our goVem- 3
“agent at federal. state and focal levels
‘ conducts its business. It will be more

 

open. Public Finance will bring outa
broader spectrum of candidatesand
this will particularly help younger
candidates who will be able to seek
election without becomingtindebtcd
to’special‘interest groups." -
Common Cause has stressed.
since its inception. theclimination or,
private politicaldonationsand rituch
of the secrecy in politics. They have

:Iiled a lawsuit against CREEP (the

Committee “to Re-Elect the Presi-
dent). and although they did not win
their case. they were able to garner
much valuable information.

Strictly On The Issues

“Common Cause does not en—

j dorsc candidates. We operate strictly

on the issues." Moskowitznoted. He

gathering and eauettaih ,‘o 'ui'any
congressional bill . H i' I
I plained thenitty grit role Conant»:
Cause has'v'played po tieallyin Con- >
' greasional .and - campaign reforms.
rthelrll’ye'ar old vote. 'the- Equal
Rights amendments. and revised
lobbying legislation. ’

“What's-Going 0n?“

Common Cause prides itself on its
role as an. information'gathering
agency. Moskowitz‘said. “T he 535

members of Congress don't know

what‘s going on in everything all the
time. Thus. they are grateful for in-
formation on any legislative matter.
Many times we‘ve been corn-
plimented for giving them informa-
tion that they didn‘t know.“

(:‘onuuon Cause keeps complete
Congressional voting records on the
issues they feel are vital to both their
organization and the nation. New
York‘s senior Senator. Jacob Javits.
has voted often against the Common
Cause position.

Not Glamorous. Maybe Tedtous

Moskowitz emphasized the oppor-

: the: public, int _  I _
‘ thoughthatmuch f theworkisnot

beheficialto-
He warned.

 

glarnorous and could be tedious.
comm Cam has had a‘mixed
'  in the past session of Con-

--*gress..-Ilt has oteceede‘din pushing

through a publicly funded Presiden-
tial Campaign Bill. but its attempts
to revamp the confession com-'
mittee system were thwarted by the
Jejection of the bi-partissn Bolling
committee's extensive reform
proposals. Common Cause has had
some degree- of success in getting
Congress to limit the number of clos-
ed meetings.

Educators And Industrialists

Moskowitz highly praised Com-
mon Cause'x internal structure

labeling its 60 person governing
board. “the most democratic board I
have ever been on.“ The board‘s
members include: educators. ethnic
A lenders. industrialists and local ac-
tivists. '

 
   
     

alNS) I-'._ll.l. Director Clarenc
~<Kellcy. in a speech reminiscentofth
glute .l. Edgar Iloovcr. sttys tlta

  
 
 
 
 
   

" itcd States so fast that F.B.i. agents
;I simply can‘t keep up with them.

     

 each agent‘s time is currently spep
' It) ' f tential s ics

   

 

 ll’lt' .

When '

 

anyihl' ‘ rigln'vlsual‘
 MIOI'hOGAF'

orprlntsorvlcos. '
Print Express?

 

 

 

 

 

 

E r“
‘9
s s
O
7
9 ‘ \v‘  wgd‘F
‘mOI‘ ‘9‘ t c
c““" -' Control Av
mugs 5 O
"Twit Wm” no N
wﬂtulm
OF M M
,1- 5.‘ 2‘ lIIlI Av
‘ of N
, 5"“ ALBANY
; ‘0‘
a
\U
INN 1
TOM SAWYEI
Minn
NI 5
It ’1 fA'fl mutt»!
5
'  '7‘ starting today. it you need any of 5. Draftin Su lids and 1 nt-

tho urvicoa 1istad below. you only
have to on to ono place: GAP Print Ex-
l'raaa 1148 western Avenue. Albany,

slaw York 12203 .

1. Express Copies-On any paper.

you-wait .

2. Espres- Prirﬁiﬂvhnnouncomnto,
.raauatoa, letters. doak pads, you name

Mt.

Lattproaa Tranaparenctas arid Micro-
_!ila Service-Overhead transparencies

tor presentation while-you-uait.
overhead projector rentaia.- Moro-
“in. atorglioht tar documenta and
engineering drawings.

4. Eagraaa white Printing-For arch-
itaeho; engineer's. industrial aco-
aunts. and students. tthii'o-you-watt.
Quick check prints or the complete

«.- vt‘itII;

rapro job. _

PAGE {I'WO

while- 7

squipont .

Hide‘sateccion for professionals
and students.

6. Art Supplies-Everything for your
cmrcial and fine arts needs.

. mum-The couplets line
of lino GAP photographic Hist and

The GAP Print Express Comunicacione

service center in open Monday through

(10F

Friday. from 8:30 Am. to 6 PM. and
Saturdays lroat 9 km. to 5'00 m4.
Drop in anytiao during opening weak
and we'll. give you a (no gift. .

 

 

 

1148 lie-torn Avenue, Albany. New York
“Phone sta—«s—e‘m

12203

! Aisha? sruosu'r passe

I“
eitiaen bb Its. He fell 2
‘ I  wouldberewar- .
- ding. educational enjoyable for‘ -

. . . . . .c-
E: Sovtet spies are tnftltratmg the Un-g
‘4

The F.ll.l. says that one-fourth oh,
4‘

 
  
    

‘ RAIA ,Moroeeo (AP) Arab foreign mini: gathered hereMonday

to prepare for a summit meeting on the MiddleiEIast apt! for efforts to recon-

. cite Jordaan King Hussein with guerrilla leader Yastr Arafat. ,I I l
, They also are expected to discuss Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger‘s
warning of agworld economic crisis which could be triggered by any new in-
creases in oil prices. I , ~ 'I I
' The ministers draw up an agenda Tuesday. The summit begins Saturday.

hanced by a decision to grant his Palestine Libera-

Arat‘at. his prestige eh I I
' tion Organization full observer status at the UN. General Assembly. ts ex-

pected to head a big delegation at the summit.
He met in Beirut. Lebanon on Monday with French Foreign MinisterJean

Sau'vagnargues. who said he told Arafat the PLO should renounce terrorist
operations and that Arafat gave him an encouraging response. '

WASHINGTON (AP) Cuban Prime Minister Fidel Castro says the
resignation of President Richard M. Nixon may foreshadow an improved
relationship between the United States and Cuba.

In contrast to Nixon. Castro said. President Ford “is not involved with
counter—revolutionary elements. I

"N ixon was personally very much involved with them. and we have seen in

Ford a man who is above this. these relations of friendship. In our opinion
we see Ford with a certain hope in the sense that he may after all adopt a
different policy toward Cuba.“ I

Castro was itttervicwed for n (TBS television show sebedulcd forbrnadcast

Tuesday night. Only five days before the interview was taped. Castro had
delivered an anti-American address that was widely interpreted as a setback
. for prospects of reconciliation between the two countries.

Reiterztting his previoust slated policy. Castro said the sole precondition
for discussing II norinalimtion of relations with the United States is the lifting
of the [LS-supported hemispheric blockade of the island.

He said he regards the blockade as an extremely hostile act because the U n-
ited States has employed .“all its political strength and economic power trying
to uspltyxiute the Cuban economy.“

OASforcign ministers meet on Nov. 8 in Ecuador to review the blockade.
and the anti-embargo block in the OAS is believed to have the two-thirds ma-
jority required to lift it. It is not known. however. how the United States will

 
  
 

 

 

t

vole.

CLEVELAND. Ohio (AP) - Prospective jurors were warned Monday
against being influenced by prejudice. publicity or sympathy as trial began
for eight former Ohio National Guardmen indicted in the I970 Kent State
University shootings.

Chief U.S. District Court Judge Frank J. Battiin told prospective jurors
that "became: of the publicity this case has received. some of you probably
have read. heard or seen something“ about it.

but. that alone wouldn‘t warrant dismissal from the jury. he said. adding
that they would be disqualiﬁed ifthey felt the publicity left them unable to
render a fair and impartial verdict. '

Battisti said he expected the tIrial to last about six weeks but that jurors
would not be sequestered. He said court would be in session four days a week.

The eight ex-Guardmcn are charged with willfully assaulting and in-
timidating four persons killed and another nine who were wounded during
the May 4. I970. confrontation between Guardmen and students protesting
U.S. military involvement in Cambodia.

The defendants also were charged with depriving the victims of their con-
stitutional rights by firing at or near them and thecrowd ofdcmonstrators.

I 'I'RENTON. N..I.(AP) The New Jersey legislature Monday authorized an
Investigation of the 8550.000 gift by Vice-President designate Nelson A.
Rockefeller to Dr. William J. Ronun. chariman of the Port Authority of New
York and New Jersey.

I' by a voice vote the senate approved an assembly resolution authorizing the
Investigation by the Transportation Committees'of both houses.

I I Assemblyman Michael F. Esposito. D-Huds . irrnan of the Assembly
I ransportation Committee. said the probe wo ditch in about two weeks
with the first hearing in Jersey City. He said he i ted that Ronan would be'
the tirst witness called to testify. - 15-“ ‘ .

LAKE PLACID. NY. (AP) - Financing the I980 Winter OlympicGames
gulddbc as much of a challenge as trying to land them has been for Lake

act . .

This resort village in the Adirondack Mountains of New York State
presents its proposal to host the event to the Iiitb’i'hational Olympic Com-
mittee in Vienna. Aust'ria. Tuesday. A decision is expected Wednesday. Lake
Placid is the lone bidder for the I980 Winter games.

I AII.I|ANY. NewIYorIt (AP) - Editors ofstudenl newspapers at the four un<
tvIcrstty centers of the State University of Neyyﬂork have called for the
Withdrawal of Nelson Rockel'cllcr’s nomination as vice president.

I ihe editorials. published in Tuesday and Wednesday editions at Albany.
bmghamton. Buffalo and Stony Brook. say Congress should reject the
nomination if it goes to a vote.

The four editors acted together and wrote a ti ‘ ' ' '
“me In SUNY hmom I ngle edttortal for the first

the editorial said Rockefeller‘s massive gifts “to grease the wheels of
gaverrtment hi all too reminiscent of the kind of activities that brought down
theINtxon administration."

I'he editors said the typeot‘thinking behind the gifts was similar to Nixon‘s
attitude. They said. “The. Rockefeller offenses are not of the same
magnitude as Nixon‘s.“

III: zfomparx aieghe Albany Student Press. the Binghumton Pipe Dream.

I - . roo tatesman' and the Buffalo S eelrum. 'l'h ‘
btned circulatlon of about 40.000. F W have H mm

t

OCTOBER 22, 1974

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

    
  

.' «We. «H's-M

 

 

 

 
 

  

   

 

  
   

   

 
  

    

  
  

 
 

 
 
   

Ombudsman Deals

   

With Campus Mess

Student Association has created a
new office to deal with student com-
plaints and problems. This isthe of-
lice of the ombudsman. Om-
budsman means an official ap-
pointed to investigate citizen‘s com~
plaints against the government.
More specifically. the campus om—
budsman will deal with student‘s
grievances against the campus

 

This Friday there will be a;
student-organized excursion to the:
United Nations in New York City
sponsored through the Afro-
American Studies department. It is
hoped there will be an equal balance
between SUNYA and Albany Public
High School students. The primary
purpose is to stimulate political
awareness by introducing students
to firsthand perspectives of third-
world countries. Understanding of
those countries‘ predicaments and
the similarities to the social.
economic and political identity of
the lilnck Ghetto. l'cn dollars is re-
qucstcd. Contact Kenneth Lynch.
457—300l.

 

bureaucracy. which includes such.
organizations as FSA. SA. and Ad-
ministration.

I’resently there is only the office of
ombudsman. However. .Iay Miller is
now the acting ombudsman.

Miller claims that he is qualified
for the position because he isonly in-
volved with SA. Since he is not in-
volved in any other organization. he

- cannot show any favoritism. Miller

explained. He feels he is learning
more all the lime. and. with the help
of SA President Patrick Curran. he
thinks that he can make the position
of ombudsman a powerful one in
coping with student grievances.

At this moment the office ofom-
budsnum istryingto obtain informa-
tion about the campus burcnrcracy
so that students can relate their
grievances directly to the
bureaucratic lenders and their subor-
dinutes. This information will be
released during the second semester
of this year in some form such as a
pamphlet. flowchart. orjust as infor-
mation printed on a hand sheet.
Miller wants,it to he “a little more

 

s ecific than what's in Viewmim.“
P

 

........

The lEtna College Plan?

   
 

yourself

Ed Endedeln
Paul Barry

 

ECAUSE

You can solve so many of your
future financial needs
right now!
Immediate Llfe Insurance protection for

A guarantee you can Increase It in the future

A guarantee the premiums will be paid if
you suffer extended dlsablllty

Automatic protection for your family
A growing cash fund for emergencies
Deferred payment plan

And there's more in this plan specially de-
veloped for college men and women by one
of the world's largest Insurance and financial
organizations. For details contact:

Charles R. Paul ‘
Lynn Hyche

‘ so was as. Albany, N.Y. mes

4594280 . .
I [Etna Life Insurance Company. Hartford. Connecticut

  
   
 

 

ureacasuacry

' formation published in next year's
Viewpoint. I ‘ I 3 .I
Theofficeiideiiignedtohandleall , _,

He‘is also considering vrng

kinds of problems. If the student‘

cannot be directed where to go and
who to talk to, thenthe staff or

Miller himself will get involved.

Serious Problems

Complaints such as those dealing
with the Bursar or the Housing Of-
fice will have to be taken care of by
the students themselves. but more
serious problems will be dealt with
by the staff personally. .

For instance. a student recently
called the answering service of the
SA lawyers. Rosenblum and
Leventhal. The service. which is
funded by SA. would not take down
the name of the student until he had
been arrested. which he had not yet
been. As a result. Miller got in-
volved, and. after speaking to
Rosenblum. the matter was cleared
up.

Meal Planning

In the future. Miller would like to
see more students voice in meal plan-
ning. A complaint ofhis isthat Food
Service keeps serving food that no
one eats. such as the stuffed peppers.
He claims that this is a typical exam-
ple of the way money and food are
wasted.

Miller would also like to petition
the students and get an indication of
the way they feel about the Universi-
ty Calendar. specifically the policy
involving Jewish Holidays. He
would like to know how people
would react to having classes
suspended at noon the day previous
to the holiday to give the students the
chance to get home. When he gets
enough information. he wants to
present it to the University Senate.

He hopes to make some changes.

The staff at this time consists of
Miller and six subordinates.
However. Miller expects to enlarge
his staff.

It should be noted that while the
Ombudsman intends to deal with
strident grievances. the office is not a
Middle Earth Switchboard or a
Crisis Intervention Center. Their
role is strictly problems with the
campus bureaucracy.

While Miller is presently only ac-
ting ombudsman. he and his staff
will still deal with student
grievances.

Christina Jorgsnson meals on her sex change.

Jorgenson: This Time

She Changes Minds

by Donna Cohen

“In Australia. there is a fish that
changes its scx.,so I‘m not alone."
These were the words of Christine
Jorgcnson. the first person to ever
undergo a sex change operation. Ms.
Jorgenson spoke to a crowd of ap-I
proximately eleven hundred on
Thursday. October seventeenth. in’
the Campus Center Ballroom.

Completely at home in front ar the
large audience Ms. .lorgenson
described tltc reasons for her sexual
change and its subsequent results.
She spoke with a grace that sparkled

change operation. It was publicized
and Christine Jorgenson became a
figure of much notoriety.

Ms. .lorgenson conducted a ques-
tion and answer period in which she
was able to clear up many generally
held misconceptions about sex
change operations. Even though Ms.
.Iorgcnson must have been con-
fronted with thesc questions by
many audiences. she still managed to
answer each question with candor.
sincerity. and wit. Questions such as.
“Do you take ltorrnones‘l“. “How did
you know that a sex change was the

 

 

“Do you experience orgasm?”
“I don’t think you could afford me!”

 

 

with humor.

Ms. Jorgenson described her
growing up period as a “search for
sexual identity.“ Asa young boy. she
was shy and introverted. and
retreated to books. where she found
the answer that changed her life.
Soon after. she underwent a sex

BERKSHIRE COMMUNITY COLLEGE
PITTSFIELD, MASSACHUSETTS PRESENTS

E[’4‘ch MﬂHﬂh

IN CONCERT WITH COMEDIAN

RON

DOUGLAS

AND

GOODFRIEND COYOTE
Sunday Oct. 27 7pm.

  
 

BOV’S CLUB
TICKETS:

Available at:

Pltttflald: BCC,
New Wave Music,
Sammy Vincent's

"' MELVILLE STREET

800 Students:
All Others a
At Door:

Albany:
Central Ava., Northmv Mall

   

S 3.00
S 4.00

Dela Vu Stores,

 

 

v
vee-

LIMITED NUMBER OF TICKETS AVAILABLE

answer'!". and “Do you experience
orgasm?“ (to which she answered. "I
don‘t think you could afford mel")
were some of the questions asked.
Ms. .lorgeuson made some very wit-
ty comebacks to questions asked
which reflected her stage experience.
Site exuded much warmth and
opcncss.

After approximately one hourand
a half of speaking and answering
questions. the lecture drew to a
close. She was met with enthusiastic
applause from the audience. As she
left the bulboom. many people
followed her out to get a closer look
and ask more questions. She seemed
to welcome this. and proceeded to
the Fireside Lounge. where she
answered the questions of the large
crowd which had assembled.

 

1975 Foreign Medical
School Catalogue
Application procedures. re-

quirements and statistics at over
400 medical schools abroad.

Reconnnendcd by the Associa—

tion of American Medical
Colleges.
$9.95 N.\’.S. add 7% TIL.

Order Form

The Fonlpn Medical School
information Cantor
l’ubllcatlonIs Division
I East Malta. Street
Iiayshure. NJ. "706

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER 22, 1974

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREEt

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
 
 
   
         

  
  
  
   
 
 
  
    
  

     
   
   
       
  
      
    
      
  
     
 

 

 

