 

 

Singing sweetly.»how i cherish
‘ ' , ' your love
(For it is beyond measure,
- " ' boundless as azure skies
' goldenlwheat ﬁelds. of I
, dearest loveliness
And freshness are like my love.
- silverspun; diamondbright « .
my love sweeps the
heavens with its shining wings.
it soars so high
Yellowbright sun you are not half
so as that of mine.
my eternal. my only lover.
My beloved. you could have
my any way you wanted me .
i have caught such hunger for you love
i have found a jewel
So precious that i have never
loved anything so much.
This love lies bleeding;
it wounds my heart
with a sweet taste. so gently.
i die of a hundred griefs.
And revive a hundred more in joy.
.1 He is my yesterday; my
today; and all my tomorrows; i
am his. as he will always
be mine—

——R.M. GOODMAN

, 73' A:  comedian; 

gm... Friends, ‘1.

After Meeting Teachers

Who Sponsored His ‘Lecture'

“That's the trouble with them English teachers, it ain't so
bad that they

want to learn all about you. but what do they get out oi
‘it'll Shit! i mean

really! They‘ll rap to you being such pragmatists and
’ then go home & yell at

their wives over a fuckin‘ meatloaf l Shit! And every one
. of them wants to be

a famouswritcr. or something. never justa teaclterl Fuck
man. just a group

of frustrated artists. l mean. it‘s like they can‘t get their
artistic rocks

off. ya know. so what they do is...uhh...sorta masturbate.
Yea masturbate.

you know. beat the meat. only it's not their meat. it‘smel
l tnean. shit they

pump me and when lanswer. BAM the release. i mean
groans and sighs!"

“Now that‘s why you gotta put them on. but not all the
time. Cause if they

don‘t know if they‘re being put on. they don‘t know if
they're getting their

rocks off—or getting more weighed down. Cause. I
mean. if you let them pump

you. ya know. well man. then you‘re just a prick. ya
now."

 

 

 

 

 

WANT TO HEAR A “WILD TALE”?

(you can for only $1.99)

AND YOU DON’T HAVE TO BE A “QUEEN OF THE NIGHT” OR A
“TEXAS TORNADO” TO SAVE ON THESE GREAT ALBUMS.
All. YOU HAVE TO DO IS BE “IN THE RIGHT PLACE”.

 

 

ﬁ

34 centralavc.albany  m 

434 - 0085

 

crlc
clopton'o
rainbow
concert

$1.99

dcrck
& the

domino.
In concert

$2.99

midlcr

dr. john

In the
right
place

$1.99

 

graham
nook
tolch
tales

$1 .‘99 ‘

$1.99

queen of
the night

$1.99 a -  ..

douglao
band
texas

tornado



 

l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

pass as I

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

¢

WW . WWNWWn-ewwwmxnm."WWWWM...W...~....W .

OCTOBER 18, 1974

It‘s Greek for Me . .

To the Editor:

The Brothers of STD cord ially invite David
Lerner to their next fraternity function.

' This special invitation is extended in the
light of his informative article. wasting one out
of a possible 2 pages in the October l5th edi-
tion of the ASP. Unfortunately the article was
obviously meant to inform (or more likely to
confuse) the independent with Mr. Lcrncr‘s
own perspective on fraternity life. while infor-
ming fraternity members of Mr. Lcrncr‘s dis-
torted and incomplete comprehension of the
facts (which certainly overshadowed any well
worded statements holding their own in ac-
curacy).

l am a member of STB. My information is
ﬁrst hand. David Lerner would have the
reader believe the same of his. although in
comparison with mine it is discernably of less
value.

Mr. Lerner makes the following statement:
“STB is known for its policy of kidnapping its
rushccs. often driving them out of statc with
nothing on other than underwear. and ﬁnanc-
ed with an ever thinning dime.“ By this state-
ment he would have the unsuspecting rcadcr
believe that my fraternity. on a freezing cold
evening. transports its pledges somewhere
across thelNew York State line. drops them
off. while they are clothed in a mere pair of
BVD or Jockey shorts, and have only ten cents
("ever thinning" at that). This type of state-
ment indicates to me that Mr. Lerner cares not
for a future in journalism. For if he had
printed such a paragraph. for example in the
New York Timer, he would probably have
been held liable for it in court. This is due to
the fact that STB does not transport its
pledges out of state. always makes sure each
pledge is warmly clothed. and has adequate
mah' «A. 4,. ..t _

' he Brothers of STD cordially invite David
Lerner to retract this apparent “printing
error".

Of course should he decide otherwise. our
first invitation remains open. We hope to see
him at our next fraternity function, warmly
dressed and with plenty of cash and a valid
passport.

Robert chton

And Me

To the Editor:

i suppose that anyone in the University
Community who read David l.crncr‘s article
“Grecian Ruins“ in the Octobcr l5 ASP is
waiting for some stern rcbttttal from the (ircck
groups on campus. Well. this (ircck member
of STB secs tltcsc two pages of uncvidcnccd
slander in a different light.

i wonder if the readers of that biased ven-
ting ofwrathrealize that David Lerner is the
Editor-in-Chicf of the ASP. Who else ill the
university could get two full pang with il-
lustrations printed in any given ASI’on such a
subjective and gossip topic?

l have been at this school going on 4'/:
years. The ASP has continually tried to
rouse up student feelings and to get people lint
cnough to write ficrcc lcttcrs into the editorial
page. This is a cheap way of increasing .«tSI‘
readership. Two years ago some student ac-
cidentally offended a black student in an ASP
Column. For three solid Weeks. rncinl threats
and tensions came from white ttnd blttck itt
writtcn letters to the editor. More people read
those ASI’ letters [film you can imagine.

This year. the innocent use of lilt: word
"Squaw" spurned on attacks and rcbnttnls
between Hal .Mnlmud. S'l‘ll and other
students. Mr. Lerner evidently liked this
sudden buzzing aronttd the university. So
what did he do? He hits low below the belt
Willi lies such as 8'”! kidnaps pledges and
luavas them in their underwear with a dime!
Tell me Mr. Lerner---—if S'l‘ll does this. wh)l i5

boroasn 18, 1974

the most politru

. hrs t. “y
socially active fraternity here it tbeuniverslty'l ' 

Why is STB the most respected among‘
students and administrators?

Mr.rLerner. if you want to increase ASP
readership and “glorify” your editor status—

don‘t do it in a sensationalist manner. it that is '

your manner then get a job with the Daily
News—they need people like you. Or perhaps.
how about helping out Barney Fowler at the
Times Union and rewrite about the graffiti at
Saylcs Hall of 4 years ago.

Or maybe. why don't you be constructive? if
you want the ASP at the pulse of the student
body. stir the students up to solve the socially
poor environment of SUNYA. Don't attack
the only organizations that make an attempt
of humanizing thosc white pillars you men-
tioncd.

Howard Bernstein

...AndMe

To the lildltor:

ln rcgard to 'l'ucsday‘s article "(irccian
Rnins‘!“ lain qttitc amazed til the inaccuracies.
stereotypcd depictions. and downright
libelous statements made by you, otlr so-cnllcd
director of policies for our school newspaper.
My amazement goes beyond the article itself
to the front page illustration by Pete Afllcr—
bach. which I believe even Mr. Hall Malmud
himself would agree with me. puts down any
tncmbcr of this university it wastes a full page
to depict certainly reaching ntorc people
than 250 mimcographcd publicity posters con-
taining the word squaw approximately one
inch long on it. I also find particularly offen-
sch Mr. Afflerbach‘s implications that beer is
holy water. a suite on the tltird floor of TXO
advertises on their door they are “ 4 J‘s from
Brooklyn.“ and that "Tappa chga Bru"
represents a Greek organization delighting in
‘l) Alcoholic Indulgence 2) Female com-
panionship 3) Brothers 4) Intellectual Dis—
cussions and much. much mo“ including
whacking bare asses. As ifthcsc "illustrations"
weren‘t enough to distort the picture. you Mr.
Lerner. certainly finish the job.

When I ﬁrst catered Albany in January.
I973. as‘a freshman graduating high school a
half year early. housing assigned the to John-
son Hall-ZOZ-"God Damn independent“ in the
ﬁll! section. At that time the banner on the
wclland the paddles on the rail tnadc much the
same impression on me as the similar TXO
symbols tnakc on you. My fcarwas intensified
by the absence of all other people in the section
as no one had returned from vacation. lhad
only my narrow scope of what fraternities
were about from a fraternity-less high school
to sufficiently worry me that life my first
scmcstcr would be impossible. it didn't take
long for word to spread amongst brothers in
anti out of the scction that tltcy had their first
indcpcndcnt.

Alter a chk l tnadc arrangements with my
quad director to mch to lndittn Quad and
rootn with an old friend - which suited me fine
as [was moving from ‘d triple to a double. and
livmg in a dortu where my affiliation with tiny
group didn‘t matter (so I thought). l'hat one
wch of living in tire scction- where my
thoughts were not droncd by any speakers.
nondcscript brothers. or parties. lcl't a very
layorahlc impression in tny mind of tire sense
of umty and spirit the ST“ brothers ltnd.
something l'yc ncycr witncssctl on lttdittn
Quad with perhaps the exception ol'scparatc
price lists in 4 t 2's sandwich shop.

Rush was the ncxt stcp. ttnd l truly regard it
now as one of my most enjoyable times here at

SUNYAlI do not tnctut to conform to your im-
plication that I not thus it masochist. which I
also resent). Rush was more than drinking
beer and meeting wotncn -it was the begin-
ning of many solidly built friendships. ’l'hc
aspects of pledge \vcck. kidnapping ttttd hell
night put me ill tittity with my fellow pledges
and nllot‘dcd me the opportunity of meeting
more brothers and becoming one with them.
Never did I have the feeling they were ottt to
bcat on me or ridicule tttc.

In regards to kidnapping. just the opposite
of what you slundcronsly say about S'l'll‘s
policy is the truth not only did they wait for
me to get adequately drcsscd (including long
underwear. two shirts. etc.) we also went out
to cut. I was supplied with sufficient funds by
my fraternity father. and I would hardly cott-

Vlmplltistlont ‘ A L 

where I got toknow  my 
“victim” very well. ‘(I ntight add that up.

are always taken in pairs). In function sum . v

vacation, lwss traveling'to Florida with the
person I was kidnapped with—uniconc who

twu weeks earlier had been virtually a.

stranger.

I could go on to the value I place on being I
brother of STD. though that is not my point in
writing this letter. You. Mr. Lerner. are typical
of the many people who take on as their great
goal to “unrush” people about fraternities by
perpetuating stereotypes similar to those
which Blacks. Puerto Ricans. lndians. and all
minority groups suffer. Admittedly. if housing
had never moved me into the STD section i
would probably be an independent in some cli-
quish suite agreeing with all that you say—but
l‘m not—l crossed a boundary of ﬁnding out
the truth in fraternities which is greatly lacking
in your article.

David Lutzker

A Zoo at the Circus

To the Editor:

thn will thc‘ bullshit cease to cloud the
Student Association? thn will the Student
Association see the light? When will the graft
and corruption. cnd'.’

rl'plid 3.75 each for 5 tickets durldg‘tho
mourn time tickets were at are. Whit
asked for a refund (since lashintdtltat I ,
becoming a free show for all). Sandy 
(one of the heads of the'University Speakers
Forum. the SA. group that  
event) told me “no dice”. ,
Why were free tickets given out? Why were,
they only given out on lndian Quad? Why
wasn‘t my money refunded (and the money of
. the others who paid for the‘event)? i could pt-
no answers from the S.A. ofﬁcials involved.
I must note that Ira Bimbaam. the SA.
Vice-President. was quite helpful and told me
that my only Course of action was to ﬁle a for-
mal grievance. This I did. and I urge all
students who paid to see the Circus (for either
the early or late show) to go up to the Student
Association Office and ﬁles formal grievance.
Let's show S.A. that they cannot continue to
jerk-us~offl
One ﬁnal note for all of you who feel that
SA. is continuing to take advantage of you. I
am going to head a committee to investigate.
the corruption in our S.A. lfyou‘ve seen orex-
pcricnccd any preferential treatment being
given to anyone who has an "in" with the S. A..>
please contact me. at 489-2497. All informa-
tion will be held in utmost confidentiality.
Wayne Halper.

The Price of Conservation

by Marc Welger

President Ford's speech on the wretched state of the economy was noticeably deficient as faras
energy conservation is concerned. He failed to propose the tough measures which will be needed
to reduce our prolligatc use ofoil. The President‘s call for a voluntary reduction in driving. an in-
crease in automobile efficiency. and the creation of a nation energy panel designed to develop
and orchestrate a national energy program are only partially effective; they are not nearly strong

enough to curtail our staggering use of oil.

An imaginative. dynamic national policy concerning energy is needed if we are to escape from
tltc ever-tightening noose the Arab oil producers have placed around our neclt. This policy will
require gcnuinc economic sacrifice. Americans will have to come to the realiiation. if they

haven‘t already done so. that our supply of o
If we are to exact downward pressure on oi
foreign oil. The most-logical place to start i

ii and other resources is finite.
l prices we must sharply reduce our demand for
s adecrease in the amount of oil we use for

automobiles. Americans are going to have to end their infatuation with highways and autos.
Trucks and automobiles are notoriously inefficient users of fuel; railroads burn much less fuel to

do the same amount of work.

Environmental Protection Agency studies show that a truck rigged with a trailer uses about
960 gallons on a round trip between San Francisco and Chicago. The same load carried on a
train would require 230 gallons to do the same job. Another E.P.A. study pointed out that it

- takes [.775 gallons of fuel to move 500 people.

2 per car. l00 miles. To move the same number of

people the same distance by train would necessitate the use of only 250 gallons of fuel.

'l'o lure people out of their cars a concerted effort must be made to build new mass transit
facilities and upgrade existing lines. The monies ofthe Highway Trust Fund should be tapped to
help pay for railway construction. Other ideas to dc-cmphasizc automobile use and hence lessen
fuel consumption are: l) have buses run in express lanes. 2) restrict central-city parking 3) in-

crease tolls of cars with only I driver ttnd 4) dis

count tolls for car-poolcrs. Gas rationing and a

new high federal tax on gasoline. as socially and politically distasteful as they may be. are
necessary if we are to have un_cficctivc fuel conservation program. Not only would these
recommendations bring out a reduction in gasoline usage. they would also serve to improve the

quality of ottr cnvirotttnent.

The home is another area where substantial savings of fuel cttn be achieved. More durable
buildings. the installation of storm windowaand insulation. strict standards forcfficicnt lighting‘
and heating systems. and lowering tltc thermostat to 68 degrees would all work towards the goal

of decreased energy consumption.

l'ttlk abounds of countering the internution oil pricc-gougers by lindingsubstitutcsfor oil
through improved technology. Exotic ideas such as coal gasification. use of solar energy. orlhe
harnessing of the titles are all well ttnd good. except that their wide-scale implementation is years
and years away. If wenrc to itnprovc our bargaining position with the Pc'sian Gulfproduccrs we

must reduce our imports of Mideast oil.

last winter lirnncc tried to get more oil by snuggling up to the sheiks ttnd by granting spccinl
economic concessions to the Arabs. France has rt‘itiilcd the futility of this policy arid has in-
slitulcd stringcnt limits on its oil imports. The U.S. sbottld do likewise before we are choked to

death by high oil prices.

 

 

ll" MEELS

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

IF you COULD DKNE WllNHlLL
EEKYNHEKE YOU HAD TOGO, IT
MILD 6E CHEAFEK ION GAS. NON
swwu‘r it? New: Corset-
‘lltTlDtl MAKES ll EAS‘l

B' that!)

 

 

 

 

