   
  
    
    
  

 
  
 
 

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

3’4.I&....Nap'g.2' ' "  <
. ,..., .-~-(u.~_A.wM_.-..~A_—g_.ﬂm -

_ .. a. .-_..\Jk_,..m...—.. N.

 

)

 

by Myron

_ been kno

. . .. . mt.- .

The Albany Symphony h 'ne

_ I for it‘s consistency ,
Saturday‘s- performance waln‘
somewhat a ladowa from the tint
two concerts of the season which _
were notablygood. The main reason . ’
for this. perhaps, was the program?
itself. After all. any program which
includes Stravinsky’s Rite of Spring 3
is'more than simply demanding. To, .
top it off. Momrt‘s Serenade in D.‘
Major. "Porthom" was also per-‘
formed. A relatively simple piece. it
is rather long—seven movements.
Between the Mozart and Stravinsky.
works. much rehearsal time was
needed. When not there. quality of
performance is sacriﬁced. There is
little doubt. however. that given
more rehearsal time the performance
of both works could have been much
better.

While the “Posthorn” was per-
formed technically well. the rendi-
tion lacked the ﬁre and excitement
usually associated with Mozart.
This. combined with the length of
the piece made for a very boringper-'
formance.

Featured Soloist was Peter .Knott ‘
performing Concerto/hr Hhm and
Orchestra by Richard Strauss. A
soloist with limited experience. he
appeared quitetnervous and this did
affect his performance somewhat.
especially on the more difficult
passages. The quality which iden-
tiﬁes a great performer is theability
to make the most difﬁcult material
seem easy. This requires relaxation.
The horn isan instrument with many
difficulties. among them an identity
problem. Loud and forceful it is a
true brass instrument. but soft and
lyrical it is like a woodwind. The
Strauss demands both. and Mr.
Knott was able to cope with both
quite well.always in good control of
dynamics.

The Stravinsky was Lt great effort
on the part of the orchestra. Unlike
the Mozart. the excitetnent was
there. Despite many technical
problems. conductor Julius Ilegyi
had a firm grip all the way. They
never have confronted quite a
challenge as the Rite of Spring. No
doubt this performance was a crucial
one for the Albany Symphouywltich
is showing all the signs of an up and
coming orchestra.

  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
 
   
 

 

 

Proofreaders Wanted
Monday and ‘I’ltursday mornings.
lisperit-nce preferetl. will train.

Apply:
The Albany Student Press
( (' 32ft
f.t'fl| t' Iiiuitt'. ff:ltll't‘\.\, p/rulli‘

It'tlllllttlf lit/tlur"I

mull/mt.

 

trutulu'r m

 

 

   

TI'II simian Hours played m shows to I packed Ballroom tut
Friday. and about n on. Friday.

 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

moreo-

DIIIOIIﬂd‘ lau. played by the Proservatlon Hall Jazz Band. swung
Saturday night In the Ballroom. Road about It Friday.

Lost In America With No Direction

by Paul Pelngalll

Saturday night as I set out to see America at the R.P.l Field House I had no
idea that l was beginning more than just an ordinary evening. That night I
was responsible, single-handedly and tulf-wittedly, for causing three other
people besides myself to have a very unusual. if not enjoyable. evening.

I knew that if you plan things well and do them right it is possible to cram
many interesting things into one evening. I learned it is also possible to
experience a lot in a short time if you don‘t plan anything and do everything
wrong. ‘

Having never been to the R.P.l Field House lwas doubly psyched since I
had heard America is very good in concert. R. P. l. is twenty minutesto a half
hour away from the campus. This is when anyone but me isdriving. I have the
sense of direction of a deaf bat. If given a'fifty-ﬁfty chance of choosing right I
will invariably choose wrong. Still. after overcoming a few obstacles we
nearly made it on time.

Chad. formerly of Chad and Jeremy. was the opening act. His nice. soft
voice and familiar songs were fine for talking to the people you came with.

America was another story. I expected them to sound well vocally and they
did. This is difficult for a group that employs three part harmony. Each of
them. Dewey Bunnell. Gerry Beckley and Dan Peek have excellent voices.
Each took a turn singing lead on their own songs. Harmonies such as those
that America produces on their albums have to be open to suspicion because
they sound too good. Yet on stage where no technical devices could be
employed they sounded as fine as they do on any record.

What surprised me was that tltey all play guitar very well. The acoustic and
electric numbers were mixed together so that each side of America was
displayed. Soft acoustic songs like “Venturtt Highway" and “’finman" were
pleasing and easy on the car. In contrast. double and sometimes triple electric
guitar was played on “Sandman.” ‘A Horse With No Name." and a few
others. Many of the songs were from Holiday, their latest album.

As well as playing guitar they played piano and organ on a few songs.
Backing them up were an adequate drummer and bass player whose names
will probably remain unknown to me. The only disappointing factor was that
America played for only about ninety minutes. This didn‘t ruin my
impression of the concert but when lenjoy a band as tnuclt as ldid America.
it‘s difficult to overcome inertia and leave. But. the lights eumeon so I left my
seat over the hockey rink and headed for the car.

Amidst heavy trafﬁc we left the parking lot from a side other than that
which we entered.

I knew the rest of the nigltt was going to be strange when Hillary coerced
me into pulling over to a lighted house so site could relieve herself. Not only
did she force me to stop bttt lgnvc in to her tears and clenched fist and went
with her as n tnoutltpicce. Three hours later an incredulous young man
allowed us to enter his ltotnc. lie was wary of me a lid my unusual request but
he gmc in to llillrtry's sincere plea. which came right from hergroin. In the
background I could hear Alan and Bonnie laughing at our efforts.

Since I come ltotn Brooklyn. where an unlocde car is certain to be gone
the next morning. I expected people to be afraid to opcrt tlteit'doors to us. I

 

4'___.__ .ME, ..

 

p—u—.i ,

 

Drive Our Cars
Free To Florida,
California and all
cities In the USA
AAACON Auto
Transport
89.5hoker Rood
Terrace Apartment
Albany. NY.
462-7471

 

 

PAGE'EIGHT,

' must be ' 1.8. years .old

Film ranrautmanwm'
Pine Hills

Wine & Liquor Store, Inc.

gift wrapping

9 am - 9 pm chilled wines

482-1425 free delivery

- 870 Madison Ave
(inﬂation  St.)

 

mon rent

 

 

 

 

 

know the Capital District isn‘t a different world. but in Brooklyn the man
probably would have told us the repairman took his toilet bowl in to the
shop.

Now that I was sure Hillary wouldn‘t leave a stain on the seat of the
borrowed car. I drove to my first wrong turn which was followed by another
wrong turn. Alan was amused at my consistency. Bonnie was amazed that
I‘ve had a driver's license for four years. Hillary forgave me for making her
nervous since I indirectly helped her to relax some of her muscles.

Forty—ﬁve minutes later we reached Albany. The reason we got back at all
is that Alan has a good sense ofdirection. and most roads around here lead to
Albany. I did my unconscious best to stay lost. However. after [drove past
the entrance to the Northway and everyone yelled at me I knew my efforts
were to no avail. Bonnicdecided at this point to give me directions. ‘chp the
wheel straight. turn the wheel right. now left. O.K. go straight.“

But I was not to be denied. After muclt indecision the verdict was we'd go
to The Fountain. a bar on New Scotland Avenue. I‘d only been there six or
seven times so of course I was taking a chance looking for it. It was no
surprise that 1 never found it.

I then turned right, headingfor Washington Aitenue. “Do you know where
you're going." Bonnie asked. not expecting me to answerin the affirmative.

“Of course. I can‘t find obscure places (like New Scotland Avenue or
Albany) but I can get to Washington Avenue from anywhere."

After passing Slingerlands Roud. going down Krumkill Road and then
Schoolhouse Road. lgot to Western Avenue. “I told you." I confidently said
to Ilonnic.

Well. we ended tip at Son‘s Tavern. across the street frotn the campus. We
had entered Albany at I l:45. ltwas now l2240. I could have tried to redeem
myself by saying that I don‘t drive mticlt so it doesn‘t matter to me how longit
takes to get somewhere. I realized this would never have gone over well
because of what l-lillary said to me later. “l’aul. you really are a lame when
you drive.“ You can‘t argue with it proven fact.

coor n.
ALT€C STYL€.

 

 

Montegumg‘l"
Tequila FILL
Montaime Tequila.
2 ounces. Limejuice.
)Qlimeéugor. )6
teaspoon. Orange
bitters, 2 dashes.

Stir in roll gloss over
ice. Fill gloss wrth
club soda. Garnish
with lime shell.

as

QUIAHUITL
(lllf RAIN)
symbol for tho lQlli «lay
of Illt‘ ottciunt Artot wcclr

DGN

 

©I07zt so Proof. toqmto Dotton Distillers import Co New tom Now You.

 

 

 

 

 

f- Sch

mm cams...

 

j ' Have the photographers on octopus taken any good pictures manna ‘

how are you getting airing with your roommates, or as the French'would ‘uy
your eamarades de chambre? ' - ' 5 " i‘ a
Probably you see no connection here. but by the time you have ﬁnished
reading this article you may be impressed with the adventures 'one small.
unobtrusive word can have. The Latin word camera. which originallymeant
an “arch” or “vault.” came to 'mean,“a small dark room" obseura‘fdark”
might be added to accentuate the idea of the absence of light. Now the essence
of photography is the use of light in making a picture. The name itself. a
coinage from two Greek words phos, photos (genitive) “light” and graphein
“to write.” means “writing with light.“ Necessary equipment. therefore.
includes a device to regulate the entrance of light into an area or to exclude it
entirely. The device is of course the familiar little black box. the camera
(camera obscure. as it was ﬁrst called).
Meanwhile camera developed schizophrenia and evolved into two
separate words. Close friends may be expected. upon occasion. to share a
room. They are comrades. The word has come into English from camera with

' thc‘change of ato o and the loss of e. In French the a has remained. while the c

has become an a also. resulting in camarmle. To both versions a suffix has
been added. But the development intocamaratlewas not the onlything which
happened to camera in French.This time the meaning remained nearly the
same. while the form changed even more. Thus was produced chambre “a
room." and the French have the expression camaraderie clmmhre. with both
words from the same root. English chamber is easily recognized as related to
French clrambrc.

Similar developntents can be traced in other languages. Language, at least.
knows a great deal about international cooperation.

Sambi-Zanga Faces
Mankind’s injustice

Angolan husband and wife. The bus-
band. forcefully takcn from his
home is imprisoned ttnd brutally and
mortally beaten for information
about the liberation movement.
Much of the movie deals with the
nttctttpts of the wife to find “her
man." The audience can empathize
with the husband‘sdcnials in defense
of the movement and the plight of
thepoorwife.’l‘hcfceling ofhumttni-
ty common to all mankind cannot

by Alan Friedmunn

After a week of writing papers.
studying for tests. and the tedium of
registration. the most one feels
capable of handling from the media
is a Walt Disney film or the Waltons.
Santbi-latrgu is certainly not in that
category. If you‘re looking for
release this film will certainly not ac-
commodate you. The film deals with
the important. uncvadttblc issue

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS?

 

NOVEMBER 19, 1974

 

that faces mankind: injustice.

Sambi-Zanga attempts to. and
succeeds in conveying to the viewer
the inhumanity and injustice dealt to
an oppressed people. Although the
tale is a simple one. it brings home
the point of the blatant injustice that
exists in the world. in this use. Por-
tuguese controlled Angola.
Although the “happily ever after“
ending of at Walt Disney movie. the
Waltons. or Rhoda scents to be all
we ttre able to handle sometimes.
reality should always be within our
grasp.

The ﬁlm. in Portuguese with sub-
titles. deals with the hardships of un

 

 

    
  
 
  
   
  
   

  

in the

c
o
.‘J
5
u
3
m
E
U
’u
:I
.5
p
.n
'u
u
'U
rt:
3

    

 

Munchkin Club

presents

John Simson
Coffee House
Thursday November 2l, 8:30PM

Assembly Hall

Dues paid members—tree
non-members with tax——$.25
without tax—$.50

refreshments will be served

fail to be touched by the hardships
anti angered by the injustice por-
trayed by the film. The music accom-
partying the film conveys the spirit of
the liberation movement as well its
the hardships of the people.
Sattl/lf-Ztltlgtl, a first prize winner
at the Carthage Film Festival and
considered one of the most powerful
films to entire ottt of Africa. is a film
which tells a simple story. The use of
simplicity to relate the injustice of
the Portuguese colonization is a
practical mechanism. The film can
benpprccintetl and understood by all
people. Smubi-lmigu strives to stir
emotions in making its point.

  

    
    

  

 
    

  
 

 

 
 
 
 
  
 
  

' \i‘

  

.

 
 

Major Minor Musical

by Ira Shabronsky

This year. for the first time in at least three years. there
are no major musical productions. But there was an Ex-
peritnental ’l‘heater musical done this past weekend. In
the Theater Department. Experimental Theater produc-
tions are called “minor productions." but Gilbert and
Sullivan's 'I‘rial By Jury. directed by .locl Cross was far
from minor.

The play has a relatively simple story-line. Edwin
(David Sclutee) httd promised to marry Angelina
(I'Ielena Gcbcrcr). Edwin reneged on his promise. and
Angelina sweetly hauled him off to court. presided over
by an elderly and slightly munic Judge (Timothy John-
son). Edwin enters nndis booedinto n corner. Angelina is
summoned by her attorney (Steve .I. Ganz) und‘lhe
Usher (Samuel Brooks .lr.). and enters. preceedcd by a
full chorus of bridesmaids. and iii full bridal regalin. She
proceeds to ﬂirt with Judge and .lttry. Edwin tries to
plead his case. hill the Jury has fallen in love with
Angelina. and all dcnouncc him as a "monster." The
Judge's suggestions to solve the case are objected to by
the attorney. and. in desperation of finding a solution.
nnnomtecs that he himself will tnnrry Angelina. The
gallery chorus cheers and confetti is thrown in celebra-
tion (which is u very startling effect. especially since they
are in a courtroom). and all ends happily.

I do not particularly care for Gilbert and Sullivan
opcrctlus. I find the story-lines too contrived. and the
music and lyrics. quite silly. lt isa cute little story. and is
light. frivolous entertainment. but no tnore than that.

However. 'I‘rial lty Jury was entertaining. As an ex-
peritnent. this show was qttite a success. and I wouldn't
dottht that more such musicals might be done this year.
(iross put together a very interesting production.

‘ David Sclmee. the Machiavellian Edwin. sang his role
quite well. One problctn for him was that he is a baritone.
and the role called fora tenor. Mr. Schnce sangat the top
of his range and still the voice was warm and full. llis
movements were. for the most part. graceful. and l was
impressed by his vocal and acting capacities.

 

Christmas - $309 +tIO°/o

Puerio RICO mum _$209

Christmas - $259+ 10%

Jamaica January - $289

Freeport January Only . $249

 

“6% Thraﬂinnbiez'
Alcopulco U.S.A.
Hawaii Calif.
Ski Pack

  
 
 
   

    

SAVE TIME MONEY AND WORKl

 

morons! t
[FR IDLE

IIIC‘I IIJWN ml. In IIIIAII

Gigantic Vocation Savings

Miami Beach Chrialmas Only . $319+10%

We can arrange any trip to your speciﬁcations.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CALL STEVE GOLDSTONE

457-7789
IN’IIR-CDIIECIAIE llDlIDAV

Helena (ieberer. a very pretty Angelina. was also ex-
cellent. Ms. (ieberer's soprano voice is light. round and
very lovely. She was a joy to hear. Her entrance aria was

'as beautiful as she was in her white Wedding gown. Ms.

(iebercr and Mr. Schnec were the shining lights of this
production.

Johnson played the elderly Judge very well. with an
excellent sense of comic tinting. llis solo aria was a high
point in the show.

(ianz. and Brooks. as Angelina‘s attorney and the
Usher. respectively. could have used some more vocal
work. but their interpretations of their rules were suf-
licient to overcome that point.

three choruses (.lury. Bridesmaids. uGallery) were
good. and blended together heuutil’ullymrid effectively.
providing a gootl background fonthe‘soloists.

Costumes and make-up were very-well dune. thanks to
the hard work done by Claire O. Lissunce. Lissancc used
her ingenuity and creativity with the little she was given.
and put together costumes that were effective in the con-
text and titnc period of the play.

I was rather disappointed iii the lighting. I felt that a
lot more could have been done. such as variutions in light
levels on the entrances of the soloists. spotlights or
Iollow-spots for the solo arias. some tnore specialeffccts.
and so on.

I found the direction very erratic. At times. the ﬂow
was smooth and qttitc nice. and their very choppy and
sophmoric. For instance. Angelina‘s entrance was
elegant :tlhcit slightly sloppy. Then the attorney‘s ttria
came anti he stomped. tttrtted. and pirouctted very un-
graccfully. and l found till this movement quite distrac-
ting to his song. especially in its inelegunce. This con-
tinuctl through the play. The direction could ltnve been
worked on sortie more for smoothness and grace in
movement. :md something a little more unconventiomtl
could have been presented.

Chris Dudarrin and Elizabeth Muscttri ntuke a fine
musical team. Dadarrin‘sdynamic musical direction and
Maseart's talented technique on the piano helped make it
a really enjoyable evening.

1.

O .

   
  

 

 

 

§CDNIAV

RAISED THEIR scones

Brunch“ In Moi III! N-
A Major Cities in .OA.

W

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

_ .«....u....¢~......,. . .

 

      
 

