i:
t
t
I
f
V"
I
t
I
P
t
I
g
i
t

 

 

r-w-mreau who: .1. «v

  

I ' going by in a mini squad car. 

' The one next to the driver wasa lady
cop, blende and-pretty, 7
“Happy as Iarks," observed the
former plainclothesman whose fight
against police payoffs and official
cover-ups shook the administration of
Mayor Iohn Lind-‘ ,1 .‘
say and became a '
best selling book
.and hit movie. '
“Cops over herev
are .respected.
They relate to the

plotting ways to put
you in jail to meet
arrest quotas.

"Policemen in 
Switzerland are
even listed in the phone book, so
someone in trouble can call them up at
home. In New York it's still a big deal
getting them to live inside the city
limits. Here cops on the beat can wear
long hair, beards, earrings, anything
they like."

Serpico, known to prostitutes in the
other Harlem as "The Beard," studied
his own collar-length hair and neat
spade beard in the mirror. He tugged
the gold earring in his good ear and
ordered up a genever, a “young
Holland gin.

“Hey, you know something," he
laughed, "I never caught a European
cop cooping." Cooping is police slang
for sleeping on the job, in school boiler
rooms and tenements basements, a
custom Serpico early encountered as a
rookie cop in his native Brooklyn.

A horse'drawn barrel organ cascad-
ed a waltz across the cobblestone
square where Serpico's mobile
camper was parked at a meter. Alfie,
his shaggy English sheep dog and “on-
ly true friend," peered patiently out the
window.

For more than two years now, Ser-
pico has been in self-exile abroad,
almost constantly on the move, trying
to find himself and maybe—he smiles
wanly at the suggestion—trying to lose
somebody. Both he and Alfie have
trouble sleeping.

He was warned, he testified in court,
they were going to "do a job" on him
and he could end up "face down in the
East River" forgiving evidence against
fellow plainclothesmen on the take
from gamblersk 1

Six months  appearing as a key
witness at thﬁg. perjury trial of a
plainclothesmdr‘i'who denied taking
thousands of dollars in graft, Serpico
was shot in the face while making a
narcotics arrest.

Serpico stoodl apart in the ranks of
the New York Police department, the
nation's largest, as one of the few of-
ficers ever to report corruption and
then volunta rily take the stand against
crooked cops: For breaking the un-
written precinct house law that in effect
puts cops above the law, he was
shunned and hated by his fellow ot‘
ficers and written off as a "psycho" by
his superiors.

Four years had gone by since a cop
on riotduly in Brooklyn handed him an
envelope containing $300 with the
words "It’s frbrrhllewi'h I: .M.“ ad
been more lhan"thré‘e'v"e .' t' V it
tried toget high administration officials

PAGE 8P.

    

~ south Bronx division. ' '

 

1'
e

numbers operatorssthat was netting,
dishonest copsf$800 a month in th

Frustrated: lat 'jdepartmental foot
dragging, Serpico at last took his story
to The New York Times. The resulting
newspaper series caused a sensation.
In the fallout of related events, the em-
barrassed mayor appointed the in-
dependent Knapp Commission to in-

‘vestigate police corruption. Amid a

'- - 'welter of in-
dictments and

fed e ral in -

' vestigations, the
 police com-
missioner resign-
ed, the department
was reorganized
and its rules

revamped, holding
field commanders
responsible for the
conduct of their
men. Precinct captains were banished
to the sticksand there wasan exodus of
retiring top brass.

Walking the streets of the old
HaarIem, which long ago gave its
name to the New York ghetto, Frank
Serpico, now 38 and retired on a dis-
ability pension, tries as much as he can
to forget the past and live in the pre-
-senl. '

"I don't look beyond tomorrow," he
said, turning his right ear to the peat of
bells from the town hall clock. "The
way my head is now, Idon't think I'll be
around very long. Who wants to live
forever."

Besides the unknown enemiesAIfie
listens for, there is the enemy within,
the bullet fragments still lodged in his
brain that could begin moving at any
time, bringing total paralysis or death.
The lost hearing in his left ear causes
him to lose his balance in the dark and
become confused when sound comes
from several directions.

Always a loner, The Beard abroad
has become even "more radicalized,
more anti-establishment" than in the
days when his hippie clothes, bushy
hair and swinging Greenwich Village
life-style made other cops suspicious of
him. He was a crack shot and a karate
expert, but he didn't “belong to the
club." He liked ballet and opera, kept
T.S. Eliot's poems in his locker and, he
laughs, "didn‘t stash money in mason
jars out in the back yard to avoid em-
barrassing bank accounts."

The dust has settled now, and every
crooked cop he testified against has
served his sentence and gone free.
Serpico wonders if he would do it all
over again.

"Dare I disturb the Universe?" he
quoted his favorite Eliot poem, "The
Lovesong of l. Alfred Prufrock.”

In his ramblings, Serpico has formed
some opinions of the police he en-
counters. He liked the easygoing infor-
mality of the Helsinki cops. He thought
some olthe local police in Italy lived up
to their Italian movie image of ubumbl-
ing, sleazy corruptability," but the
carabiniere, the national force, were
"respected as a just police organiza~
tion.”

A village policeman in Italy showed

him a rusty revolver.

“When was this shot last?" Paco ask-
ed.

"Who remembers?"

"But what if you needed it?"

[$3, "Abound here/“the cop replied,

"before you shoot someone, you'd

better street your‘solt first."

a British hobbies didn't‘impress 

h :"‘iheir methods leavealot to be
desiréd." . ' '-
Serpico keeps notes for a possible
book, “not abehind-the-scenes, sour
grapes look atymy past but something
on the philosophy of justice.” He was
asked to address the police academy
in a Swiss city and pulled together
some of his theories on police training,

  

_“Iike allowing 18-year-olds on the

force to train with an experienced
partner, having a ghetto family and
maybe a guy doing time rap with the
recruits and re~examining the whole
deal of arrest records versus citizen
rights."

He attended a World Police Federa-
tion meeting in Lausanne, Switzerland,
and was disappointed to find it “a big
beer drinking test that had nothing to
do with resolving problems of better
law enforcement."

But the more he thinks about it, Ser-
pico is convinced "it isn't just police
corruption. The whole system is rotten.
Here it is 1974 and they still bitch
about busing. America has become
the land of the Big Rip Off; rip off others
before they rip you off."

Serpico pointed to a paperback
copy of Kurt Vonnegut‘s "Breakfast of
Cha mpions" on the dashboard. “There
a guy who's got it all together. The
American dream has become a night-
mare. I don't think the system can be
changed by legal means anymore. I’m

fascinated by Patty Hearst and that'

Symbionese Liberation stuff. After
Vietnam and Watergate, what can be
called extreme?"

Devil’s Iland

DEVIL’S ISLAND, French Guiana
(AP) The cells, five paces long and
three paces wide, stand empty.
Smothering heat and a jungle of palm
trees enshroud row upon row of
currnbling buildings. '

A quarter-century has passed since

the guards in white and the inmates in,

red-and-white
striped uniforms
left the penal
colony known to
the world as Devil's
Island.

Roofs have cav-
ed in and shards of
red tile are strewn
like leaves in the
hallways and
through the yards.

There is no
museum, no old-timer to tell the stories
of the inmates who toiled and died
here. There are no souvenir stands, no
guides and few tourists.

There is a hotel, once a dining hall
for guards, but it is seldom full.

Barracks that onCe housed guards
are now occupied by families of a
dozen technicians who man a radar
station that tracks missiles launched
from the French space center on the
mainland, only 8 miles away. The
bubble-topped station is on Royal
Island, almost concealed among the
ruins of the penal colony, which
spread over three islands—Devil's
Royal and St. Joseph.

Barely a stone's throw apart, the
tsla nds form a triangle in the turquoise
waters of the Caribbean. They were

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 
 

during an epidemic of malaria on the

French Guiana mainland. ,

For 100 years, France kept its most
hardened criminals in the South
American colony—in the Devil's
Island complex and in prisons and
work camps on the mainland.

For 50,000 of the 70,000 convicts,
French Guiana was a death Sentence.
They were killed by disease, by guards
and by each other.

_ Few of the 20,000 survivors ever saw
France again. Some escaped into the
wilds of Venezuela; others served out
their terms and stayed in French
Guiana.

There was . . . Henri Charriere, the
convicted murderer who maintained
his innocence and chronicled prison
life and his Devil's Island escape in two
books, "Papillon" and "Banco." It is
primarily his work that bringstourists.

...Francis Lagrange, the convict pai—
nter who only in prison developed his
own style and stopped imitating the
masters he had forged so successfully
for so long.

. . .Soulange, a diamond thief, whose
ragged diary tells how be plotted his
escape from the island. The last page
said, “Tonight, I think I will succeed."
And he did, with three other men on a
raft made of palm fronds. They drifted
for days without food or water until one
man, gone mad, jumped into the sea.
The others drew straws, and the loser
was killed and eaten. Soulange made it
to the mainland and found refuge in
Dutch Guiana, now Surinam.

There were no cells on‘DeviI's Island
itself. The prisons were on the other
islands.

Royal Island was administrative
center for the three islands. There,
prison walls crumble as palm trees
thrust between the stones. In building
after building, heavy wooden cell
doors sag open, rotting on their metal
braces.

The only light filters through a four-
inch vent in the ceiling of each cell,
touching the three wooden planks that
~ I form a bed.

The tin steeple of
‘a church pierces

  
  

 

Royal's jungle
c a n o p y. Th e
church's doors are
freshly varnished,
but trescos by in-
\ m a te a r l i st
La g ra n g e a re
chipped and peel-
ing in the open-
sided wood
building.

The faces, haggard and unshaven in
the faded paintings, are those of the
prisoners. The subjects are also uni-
quely theirs: St. Peter opening the gate,
the return of the prodigal son and
Christ's ascension.

On St. loseph Island, thedisciplinary
center, solitary confinement and the
guillotine were meted out to those who
broke the rulesTI'risisland, like Devil's,
is uninhabited today and rarely visited.

Prisoners sent to the Salvation
Islands toiled in the not sun breaking
rocks, building cobbled roads and
houses for the guards, tending gardens
and CﬁICItlilq fish.

All of French Guiana, with a popula-
tion of 50,000, had only 50 tourists in
1970, but officials say they expect
more than 1,000 in 1974,

' NOVEMBER 12, 1974

f

 

Qilileunoy's For Real

To the Editor:

Your article on tsvems in La Belle Albany
etc. that appeared in Wednesday's ASP(Nov.
6) was full of mlsirnpressions. Most noticeable
was the writer‘s description of O'Heaney‘s
Grill at I“ Ontario Street. The description
was out-of-dutc by over two years! True.
O'Heaney's is neither a swinging singles up-
town nor rock band druggy downtown bar,
and it may be raunchy by Wolf Road crowd
standards. but it hardly deserves the image of s
jock-fraternity-ﬁght-all-thc-timc boring place
that the article painted.

O‘Heaney‘sisa real bar; it‘s clientele blends
lrlsh philosophers, jobless Ph.D.'s quiet "off-
campus“ couples, profound grad and foreign
exchange students—all in all, great conver-
sationnlists. You never know what infamous
vagabond may drop in. showering you with
O'Neillesquc observations llnd grunt tics of
wisdom. There may be it bit too much sports
on Sundays. but O‘chncy‘s remains the
closest thing to McSorley‘s thnt Albnny offers.

One does not expect the general” ASP
readers to appreciate it, but for thosc who
might, one hopes the out-of—dntc picture por-
trayed in theASP will not mislead them.

And no one has ever heard of “The
Crusher."

Crtthlccn Houliltun

 

Forming the Wine

To the Editor:

During the past year, the United Fnrm
Workers Union and its supporters have dis-
seminated considerable "information" about
the continuing dispute between them ill‘lLl the
Teamsters Union, as to which union should
have jurisdiction over Gallo farm workers.

Muchofthis“information"isdcmonstrnbly
misinformation. We are certain that you
would prefer to present all three sides of this
controversy if it should become, or if it has
become, newsworthy on your campus, ‘lhcrc
are three sides, the U.F.W.‘s,thc 'I'eamstsrs‘
and ours.

For our part, we stand ready to assist you in
every way in presenting the facts on this
problem fully and fairly. Ifyou wish rrny infor-
mntian from us, you need only to cull. Our
Communications Ofﬁcer to Dan Solomon.
I‘fis telephone number is (209) 52l~]5‘)‘).
Please do not hesitate to call upon him tnr an)
information you may need; and please do crtll
upon him if the U.F.W. or its supportch
"make" news on your Cttmpua, so than our mic
0f the story may be presented simultaneously
and equally In your columns.

If the U.F.W. or its supporters request
advertising space for their VlUtA'pUII'll. we
Would appreciate it if you would glvc us an
squat opportunity, at the same tune. and
preferablyon facing pages, to present uurstdc.

I will tellyou quite frankly that this has been
at suddcning and disillusioning cxpcrlcnct: for
m)’ brothcrand mc. Ours is a family bumncss.
Within it we have warm Itfttl close
relationships of many years standing. We
believe in and encourage unmn rcprcwntn-
tinn. Further, our farm worksrs rcrutvc from
us voluntarin more than Ia rcqutrctl by their

Twmstcr contract and more than Win in
their contract When the U.F.W. lL'prt-scnlctl

at cm.

Because we have honored and run. r‘
wrshesofour farm workers tochungc .. -. -.
Wt have been caught in the mtddIL .1 a

NOVEMBER 12, 1974

 

swarm: dispute

. . wo unions.
This, in turn. has ubjected us to vilit'rcation
and character sanitation. If then is any
moral justiﬁcation for this, wo'ir’e' at a leis to
ﬁnd it. .

The highly ethical manner in which this
labor dispute has been presented by the media
in various areas has allevistcd'sn otherwise
distressing ex periencc for my brother and me.
. We offer you our full cooperation in arriv-
rng at and presenting the facts in thiscasc: and
we will appreciate yours.

Ernest Gallo

Cheering Five-Quad

Tuesday, Nov. 5, “:30 am.
To the Editor:

This morning while most of the Albany stu-
dent body was still itslccp. crisis struck our
srntc. One of our suitcmates blacked out; the
thud of his head hitting the floor luckily woke
another up.

Controlling the urge to panic, We im-

mediately contacted Five-Quad Ambulance
Service. Within minutes two very capable
representatives of Five-Quad were ud-
nnntstcrmg first-nid to our semi—conscious
and bewildered suitcmatc.
. We could continue the story in detail. but
It‘s not really necessary. Our friend was in
Albany Medical Center receiving excellent
cure. not more than twenty minutes after his
accident.

I’iyc-Qund Ambulance Service deserves
congratulatory honors of Iht.‘ highest degree
for :1 job wcll dune. Unfortunately we do not
funny uithcr the young gentleman's or the
young lady‘s name so we cannot thank them
personally, but we in suite l304zrrc dccply In-
dcbtcd to these fine people.

In conclusion, we would just like to say to
the Student body that whenever Five-Quad
asks for donations. to spare the change: some-
day you might need them too.

Eastman Tower l304

 

A Good Job . ..

To the Editor:

I'm tinting this to compliment the .AlSPnn
its CtiiL‘l'Ilgt,‘ ill the elections last week, Next
day rupnrtrng of national events in something
nnc dncsn‘t cxpcct from 11 college pupcr. and it
tins an enjoyable comprehensive surprise.

("nngtrttttlntrtins on a Job well dnnc. I'd hr:
\cry lltlL'rcle‘tl iii knowtng how you did it.

\ctl Baron

. . . On Election News

To the hdllnr:

I vmttltl like in commend the zlSl’on ll'lclr
linu L’Icctrtrn crncraigc. It was fast, comprchcm
mu iilltl bullcr organized than the local
nL'WSprPCIH

Dennis R. Bro“ n

 

 
  
  
  

17w 'i/hum Slur/Ml I'Ie.tr rare/var [ha
i/I/r' will It. /,I'l/II ur rdil Lei/en 10 Ilia
; Infill .r I would by 1),)Un'llllt'n and
.r . - . r l I ,tMluheellglth/m cun-

.,r 1/. vm/t um] /r.'llt’l.i' coming,

l 1.“.‘t’

 

 From Central council.

0 

The ASP was asked to publish the following lam? and Cami condor-l moth

To:

President Gerald Ford '
New York State Congressional Delegation
Senator Jacob Juviu

Senator James Buckley

. The enclosed bill calling for the pardoning of persons convicted of marijuana sale or posses-
sion rs a position statement adopted by the State University of New York at Albany Central

Council, which represent: the student body.

. This piece of legislation represents an expression of mixed sentiments, confusion and matu-

sron. Confusion over the mating out of unequal standards of justice. whereby punishment no
longer ﬁts the crime (or any rational pattern) otherthan politcal expediency. Revulsion, about
the current situation whereby many thousands of otherwise innocent marijuana smokers have
served (and are serving) time in jail, and have had their careers and lives ruined.
I This legislation makes no claim as to the value of the effects of marijuana per 5:. but merelythc
inequity of the present system's harsh treatment of its users. We hope you wilhcceptthis bill in
the true spirit in which it was intended. and we hope that some serious thought is given to the ex-
oncration of this country‘s non-criminal “criminals”.

Patrick B. Curran
President

Student Association
SUNYA

CENTRAL COUNCIL
A JOINT RESOLUTION

Whereas: President Gerald Ford has declared amnesty for draft dodgers and conscientious ob-
jectors and desertch as well as a previously highly placed White House ofﬁcial;
it"lren-as: President Ford has declared this a time for the nation to heal its wounds:
it’lrereas: In keeping with this spirit of sympathy and forgiveness;

It is hereby proposed that the following be enacted:

I. that Central Council adopt the position that a complete and unconditional pardon be
granted to all persons incarcerated or convicted on charges of possession or sale of non-
wholcsrtle quantities. of marijuana. This pardon shall include removal of said conviction from

any affected individual's record.

it. that a letter be sent to the President of the United States and the entire Newﬁ'ork State
Congressronal delegation. including our two Senators, with a recommendation for action as

stated in section I.

III. that copies of this bill be sent to the President of the United States, the New York State
Congressional Delegation, The New York Timer, the Albany Slur/ml Presr, WS UA and all
Albany area radio and television stations and newspapers. NOR ML, the Majority and Minori-
ty Leaders of both houses of the New York State Legislature.

IV. that this bill shall take effect immediately upon approval in accord with the Constitution,

 

 

And Now, A Word About Movies:
Deeper Into Atmosphere

by David Wade

Perhaps one of the least-acknowledged
aspects of SUNY cultural life is that of the
Weekend Movie. How many of us attend the
SU NY movies every Friday and. or Saturday
night? Yet how many of us bothcr to tip the
doorpeople or thank the projectionist? How
many of us cnjoy the special effects created by
the projectionists and doorpeoplc to save us
from the boring spots? Yst. how many of us
blame the-re hard workers unfairly for these
ycry attempts?

Oh, fickle, foolish and fussyaudtcnce! Oh,
poor. thunklcsa, oppressed workers ofSL‘NY
Hollywood! Think, you tngrates of ticket-
buycrs. think of the hours of labor put in by

$1151> ‘ktcHT

50/

teams carefully trained in the wonders of
Wire-Crossing; the beauties of the Unfocuscd
Screen: the effects of Sound-Manipulation!
'I'hink ofthc suspense built up by those pearly
moments of strained silence; by those
mystcrlous objchs on the screen which. when
finally focusscd. reveal themselves as ‘THE
ENI)‘. by the vain attempts to reconstruct
HldI dialogue from the blur of broken ﬁlm!
ch. I‘m surcﬂllofmy readers will recognize
thcsc wonderful but much-maligned produc-
tion» of our core of mm remen. But even these
magnificent effects cannot compare with one
mnxtcrprccc of cinema. shown In secret just a
tcw weeks ago. in s delicately-arrangcd at-
mn/inued On page (en

 
 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   

PAGE NINE

 

    

     
   

 

