    
 
  
  
  
 
    
     
    
    
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
 
   
    
   
 
  
 
        
        
      
      
 
 
 

 

  
  

than offense which meg“ play
just as Well if not better. This is
deleuse. All week in prttcticcsand iti
-, intrn-sqttadgatncs the offense has

' put. it to the, detetisc Saturday the
deletise was like a stonewall. Union
cotlld not run or p' ss agttinst the
-I)ttnes‘ defense. the front litie with
"Villatiovu. Vido. l’agiiaito. Adam-
soii and Holloway sealed offtlte rnti
inside and. outside. lltcy had
tremendous pursuit. '

When lltiioti tried to pass lllt.
Danes secondary was anything btit
porous. During the afternoon the
secondary ttittsl Iiaie intercepted.
lottr or the passes. llie secondary
was lll lottc deletisc tiiost oftliealter-
noon. You can describe how the
delettse played In one phrase " l hey
bettt httt tie\ct' broke". they always
caitte up with tile clutch play which
would stop tltc llition drive. Ibis
held trite all afternoon as the second
and third string players got toplay.

llte scriintiiagc was \ery useful
to Coach Ford. He got to use l07
players atltl also evaluate tlietii. He
saw where the Danes were good and
tltere they needed \ioi k. All itt all it
was a very solid and pleasing pcrtoi-
Ittattce lot' the Albany State football
team.

 
 
 

 
 

   
   

  
  

awotlld be‘ltk (on it: aek John
Bertuni handed o to fullback
'I ominy I)eBlois.. on a countert rap
play arid he .ran ’downfield lln-
tottclied for a touchdown. 'Ihe»
Dunes run utid passed out of a
Wishbone-l oflettse. All afternoon
Albany would rtttt tlte Quarterback
opttoit around either cttd and it
would pick tip considerable yardage.
Noel Walker looked impressive oti
lltt: optiott play. He rati strottg atid
last around-the ctids and also came
ottt ol the backfield to combine with
()B llerltt/Ii for a eottple of passes.
t)n tlle second series tlte Dunes”
worked a balances attack with the
running of Walker and Deltlois attd
the receivitigol Bobby Blister. 'I'hey
'gt'tuded out yardage on the ground
tlll lltitott broke. llcrtuui culled
lleltlois on a cottntcrt rap left itttd he
ran itt lot' the second touchdown.

 
  
 
 
 

 
 

  

  

 
 
  
 

  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 

 
 
 

  
 

 
 
 

   

  

Albany griddora to cotton varaua Upton.

run and passed superbly. I here was
one shortcotntng on ollense. it was
the Danes aecutiitilated too many
penalties wltielt stripped a few of
their drives. You cart really excuse
this beeattse ol inexperience. As the
season will progress the penalties
will decrease.

“me is anotltet side to football

ball and just kept blowing the holes
open tor the Danes running backs.
Albany‘s litte may not be physically
big bill they get the job dotte. Early
in the seritnii‘tage the line cotisisted
of Lee. Curran. Basia. luylot' and
Burns.

With everything working so well
the “tines sparkled. lltcy excuted.

this was the same play ttsed for the
tit-st touchdown. Albany went on to
score sis touchdowns. With
Altohuen attd l)uprec at the QB
position Albatty bad the same
SlICCCSS.

lbe tea '0" lor Albany State to
run and pass so well. was the offen-
stte litie. llte litte was quick off the

 

     

Boaters ake on England

   

:o’
aft , 0
“"’ 9 I'll "10
lb 4. ,
g; . a
 In Multan Salttnl llte hooters are coming off a 4-I Hudson Valley. We still have a few
5 c\lllhlllt)ll season opener loss to problems to work ottt before our . .
1 ~- nationallyranked llartwick College. season opener Vet‘slls R.l’.|. (home V I
5!; litesday. at 5 ptti. the South wttli l'ascuali l’etlriccione scoring Sept. ill. at 5:30 pm). but “’C\Vi|lhc
;1 Hampton College Soccer team. one the lone goal. Iollowed by a solid ready. Rtgltt now we need work so
In ati interview with coaclt

we can incorporate the newcomers
ttito our style at play."

drubbing tll Hudson Valley Cont- by Ed Hamlet-

tittttttty College.

of l tiglatid's top ruled teams. will
Rich Stevens of Mat'ist. he told

this reporter “Albany is going to
ltave a great year. just look at the
times today. lhey are possibly
goitig to have a better season this
year tltatt last year. which was
their best to date. ()ne tlting is for
sure. they will probably get
better as the season progresses."

On Saturday. August 27. the
Albany State Cross-Country
team. second itt tlte NC'AA‘s last
year. beat the Marist Riitining
hoses by a score of [dd-28}. The
times were extremely fast con-
sidering it was the first scrim-
mage of a new season. 'Vinny
Reda and Carlo Clierubiiio of
Albany tied for first place with a
time of 26 minutes 37 seconds
while Chris Burns of Albatiy
came itt third with a time of 26
tuiti. 43 sec.

meet the Albany State (ireut Danes
soccer tealtt at the SUNYA soccer
tield. ill the first of two big exhibition
eiettts scheduled this week. Satur-
day. the Hooters iiill host Williattis
t'ollege. Colgate University. atid
long Island Uni\ersity iti tbeanltual
quadrangular iiteet.;



{vs—P

.N.

 

As [or the lttesday scrimmage.
"Ihey \till be tough. Soccer is the
number one sport oter there. tttid
they are among the best iit linglish
college soccer. It is just like North
Carolina‘s basketball teant going
over there. llie lutts will certainly
get their motiev‘s worth."

“let's lace it". said Sebieffelitt.
"we just did not take advittttage of
scoring opportunities versus
llartwiek. attd our team play was
pottl‘. You have to remember that it
was otir lirst scrimmage of the
season. attd tlial we are breakittg iii a
few new players."

  

    
   
   
       
  
   

“South Hampton is one of the
linest college squads in littgland".
said Dune Coach Bill Schieffeliti.
"and it will be interesting to see how
we‘ll match tip against them.“

lit the opinion of Coach
Mtttisey. this years‘tcatn is in
better condition than they were
last year at this time. The im-
provement has been 30 see.- I
ttiiti. on an overall team basis.
lllis impro\ eiiieiit is readily seen
by looking at the top runners
records last year the the same
tittictsee below i.

 
  
 
  
  

SllNYA students will be admitted
tree with tax card or II). llie general
pttblic will be charged SI.

   
   
   
     
     
  
 
 

"We looked l00‘i better against

 
  
 
  
      
   
 
  
  
  
 
      
      
 
   
  

for all of those people tili-
la iitiliar \t itli Cross-Country. it is
a live mile race run on a grass and
asphalt, As iii all lotig distaticc
races endurance is the l\C) factor
with speed being secondary.
Seven men run the race lront
each team \\ Iiile only the first the
of each team count iii the scor-
ing, l‘tll‘ finishing first you
rceeiie one poitil. second-two.
third-three. etc. You add the
scores of the top |i\t.‘ finishers of
each team anti the low scoring
t 'lllll wins.

Coach Mtttisey is pleased with
what he sees bttl is not prepared
to make any piedictiotis. lhe
team‘s record was II-J last year
and lull-2| tt\ er the last |2ycars.
llte lirst olltctal (floss-Country
meet will be held at Clarksoii on
September l2.

    
 
    
      
     
      
 
    
   
 
 

Saltttday l ast Year
ittiii. see. min. sec.
20 so 27 27

Runner
llerhic I-lasan

  
    
         
        
   

Chris Burns 20 27 2a 43
a Carlo Cliertthino 26 J7 27 (it)
5 Vititty Redtt 26 37 29 33

aoocor loam playa lnpllab loam today at 5 PM.

      
  

 

 

by'Mﬁe Sula

The fateiof off~campus students
still remains up in the air in spite of
Tuesday's meeting between Mayor
Corning and University and Student
Association leaders. Corning met'
with school leaders to discuss their
differences on the housing or-
dinance. ‘

As well. they discussed alter-
natives to the proposal.

Mayor Corning directed Student
Association Vccp lra Birnbuum to
contact Morris Eiss of the city‘s
Code Enforcement Bureau to work
on the specifics of SA‘s counter
proposal.

This proposal. submitted this .
summer calls for the number of per-
sons living together in an apartment
or house to be dependent upon the
amount of squa rc footage pcr apart-
ment. .

u

Mayor Corning gave the
appearance of trying to help." said
Birnbaum. But the SA lcudcradded.
I “don‘t know how tituch he will
listen." /

President Benelet. off-campus
housing director Joe Scaring. SA
President Pat Curran. SA Veep
Birnbaum. and Central Council

baum noted. The mayor hail receiv-

ed other bills signed by the Council I

last week but has not yet received the

- controversial housing bill. Corning
is just delaying because he can have
the bill anytime he wants. said
Coyne.

President Beiiezet and the mayor
got into a discussion on the long
tcrtn solutions to SUNYA‘s housing
shortage. said Birnbaum. The Un-
iversity is' looking intp apartment-
typc liottsing adjacent to the campus
on Fuller road to meet the rising on-
campus demand. said off-campus
hottsing director Scaring.

We pointed out that long term
goals a re fine arid necessary. but let‘s
get back to the “immediate
problem.“ said llirtibaum. “It‘s the
fate of the 300 students living off-
campus that is our tiiain concern to-
day." retnittded Birnbaum.

For 75 years zoninglaws ltave been
based on family structure. sttid Cor-
nitig. According to tiic SA Veep.
Coriting said he doesn‘t know ifthe
community could accept to scrap the

Coming is “playing games
with us” according to Council
Chairperson David Coyne.

head David Coync met with
Albany's elusive mayor for about 45
minutes.

Both SA bead Curran and Birn-
battitt are "optimistic" about Cor-
iiing‘s attempt to compromise with
students. Yet David Coyne is ttiore
sitspiciotts about the mayor. Cor-
iting's ' "playing games with us."
said Coync. He added that our
"counter proposal isaltnost useless."

llirubaum theorized that Corning
is so inclined to compromise with
students because he fears that if
elected. Democratic gubernatorial
hopeful Hugh Carey. may create
problems for him.

Carey believes that students
should be allowed to vote in state
elections where they attend school.
Iiirnbaum suggested that Corning
might be worried about possible
rcprisals against him.

The new housing ordinance would
limit the number of unrelated per-
sons living together to three. The bill
which passed Albany‘s Common
Council last Week. awaits the
mayor‘s signature. Corning “won't
a‘ctimmcdiatcly on the ~bill."l Mid
Birnbaum.

The 'mayor must act within ten

days upon receiving the hill. Birn—V‘

family eoticept. l'ltc SA leaders ex-
plained that social habits have
changed 75 years.

The "fatnin is no longer the sacred
institution it otiee was.“ said Birtt-
buttm. "People are stayitig single."
He explained. “the law should be
brongltt up to date. According to
Birnbaum. Corttittg said ltc ltad to
get a sense of the comtnunity.
“'l'bat‘sjust ati excuse by the mayor."
Birnbautit coutttercd.

 

Mayor Eraatua 8. coming decided to hold off on algnlnp the unpopular boualnp bill.

Council Votes to Fund PRC

by Nancy Cook and Daniel Gaines
After two and one-half hours of
debate Wednesday night. Central
Council voted Public ltitercst
Res .ch <3: tintlﬁul‘imll’mﬁ
at SUNYAJ nappropriatio'n ol‘s7.-
- 227.29 with u $3.000 iticome line.
PIRG had asked for an ap-
proximately twenty—five percent
greater appropriation.

 

Members who voted itt favor
were: David Coyne. Lewis l-‘idler.
Andy (ioldstcin. Steve Haber.
.lonathati l.evensoti. Cheryl
Schneider. atid Stuart Sittioti. 0p-
poscd were: Andy l)olan. Candi
Mayer. Steve Meyer. arid Mark
Waldmatt. Bretit Kigtier abstained
No other Cotttieil members were
present.

the tnottcy will pertnit PlR(i at
SUNYA to qualify for a vote on the
lixectttivvc llonrd ol the statewide
organi/ation. NYl‘IR(i. Mttcli of
the appropriation will be used by
SUNYA‘s group to pay for the ser—
vices (lawycrs. publishing) provided
by NYl’lRG.

 

his decision.“

 

 
 

Speaker's l‘o
. . a.

'I'a

    

F ord’s Ex-l’ress Secretary
to Deliver Speech Here

Jerald li. terllorst. President Ford‘s former press secretary. will speak at
SUNYA witltin two weeks. The announcement came upoti the heels of
terllorst's recent resignation due to Ford‘s pardon of-forntcr US. President
Richard M. Nixon. Tcrllorst. a longtime friend of Ford‘s. said earlier this
week that lie resigned because “I felt in good conscience I could not suppon

Mr. tertlorst was the first appointment in Ford‘s one month administra~
lion. and he is the first appointee to leave. TerHorttt. former Washington i
bureau chief of the Detroit News. reported on Ford during his first con-
gressional race and throughout his quarter-century career on the Hill.

Wlten resigning tcrHorst also said: “i just concluded the President (Nix-
on) is no more deserving ofa pardon than people in lesser stations oflifc ...i
didn't know how lcould credibly defend it in the absence of pardons for those
gwho evaded the war in Vietnam in good conscience and former Nixon aides
‘ who suffered the same Watergate troubles (ail Nixon)."
Those interested in hearing tcrHontt should watch for time and place.
rum iii arranging the speech. DIG '

 

I'IRG is u Ralph Nader inspired
consumer interest group tlittt has
released price comparisons titid
would with NYI’IRU on such pro-
jects as the recently ttblishcd NYP-l

lR(i legislative pro 'iles'whicb give-

detailed descriptions of the
backgrounds arid voting records of
the New York State legislators.

It was explained to Council that u
NYPIRG Board meeting scheduled
for tomorrow would ltave been the
last chance for I’IRU at SUN YA to”
joiti. PIRU has been getting the ser-
vices ol' NY|’|R(i free for the past
year and a half. Unless dues were
paid. they would have been cttt.

Real World

Matty l'lR(ici's were present.
Chris Aidttu explained the group‘s
educational value. "Students work-
ing iii the real world on projects that
rein real benefits are excellent cx—,
perieiiees for them.“ This semester.
SUNYA‘s group is plattttitig tttatiy
projects encompassing legal.
tticdieal. environmental and con-
suttter areas.

Council members iti favor of
' l’lR(l noted the 5.000 signatures on
their petition for a voluntary fee.
Others ttrgucd that those people
signcd fora voluntary fee. and thus
using mandatory fees would be im-
proper. A few. such iis Mark
Walkman. questioned whether or
not PIRG was actually serving the
students “as students“. rather than
serving them “as citizens."

“I Want A Party"

At that point. one of the PIRO

members held up a NYPIRO

Icgiittativc profile and began to ex-
plain its value for the studenta.
Councilman Andy Goldiitein'a reac-
tion: "I want a party. not a
pamphlet!” Sonic laughter ensued.

(.‘ouncilnian Lewis l-‘idler argued.
“It's goddamn their money....thc
students walit it (NRC); Even if
Cottitcil ntetnbcrs don‘t support it.
“obviously their constituencies do.
'Maiidiit'ory tus‘shouldube spent the
way students want to spend it."
l’l R(iers poitited out thatiithcr stttte
seltools have used mandatory fees
for l’lR(i.

( 'oyue Pounded

'l wo hours itito the debate. Chair-
man I)avid Coyne pounded his gavel
and pleaded. "Cut the crap'. Take a
Straw Poll.“ I'Iie informal consensus
of opinion at that point was (i-ll.witli
the majority leelittg that PlRG
should not be fttnded iii principle.

l‘ttt'ther discussion followed.
Steve Meyer argued. "l‘m itt favor
oll'lRti. but not iti favor of Council
passtiig the bill. It was supposed to
be voluntary. I don‘t feel the budget
should be passed. Students should
decide as individuals."

Another informal poll. 5 iii favor.
9 against. was taken. 'l'hus tltcre was
some surprise iii the room when the
Council. iii a seeming turn-around.
approved the appropnatlon in the

' filial vote.

Sulug Bartlet

At present. I’lRG is suing Presi-
dent Bcnezet. SUNY Chancellor
Ernest Boyer and others to force
them to permit PIRG a spot on the
bill. They are also involved in a phar-
ntttceutical suit based on their sur-
vcys last year. and a lawsuit against
General Electric concerning a
woman‘s death in their plastics
plant.

A Council Committee was to have
been set up to look into whether or
not the students desired their tax
money to be spent in thia manncry
Failure to form a committéc nearly
postponed the bill until next week.
which would have meant PIRO at
SUNYA would have mined ‘out at
tomorrow's NYI’IRG board
meeting.

 

 

    



-m wayw-

