  
  
  
 
  
 
  

 
  
  
 
 
   

   
   
   
 
 
    
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
  

    

. m. I I ,
" before I‘rstlie’.”_eeld Ford.t

.3. 1..»an ,_
AA_ Division III football championship; f‘l went logo
(site of the tagg Bowl for Division IthhempIonehlps

 
 

, If the Danes can put together a season like this next year, they should be
strong candidates for aibid‘to the Stagg Bowl.
Albany ,playedtdevestetlng football. as. the. Danes well balanced

' offense arid defense always managed to rise to the accession. The
, offense was often brilliant. John Bertuul proved himsellssa true field
f,”r_sehersl. successfully directing the wishbone offense. l-Ile backup.
; ’ sophomore Dave Ahonen, filled In sbIer when Bertuulwee sidelined

with a broken thumb.

Halfbacks Marvin Perry, Orin Grifﬁn, and Glenn Sowalskie had ﬁne
seasons to compliment star fullback Tommy DeBlois, as the Danes became
the number one team in rushing yardage in Division III.

As for Tommy DeBioIs, what more can be said about the men who
broke the 1000 yards gained mark on the last play of en undefeated
season. Time and again, it wee Deaiois up the middle. eating up those

yards. and when necessary, that clock.

Bertuzzi went to the air with greater frequency this year. finding Bob
Baxter. Dori Whiteiy, and Tom Cleary often alone. as the defense keyed on
the Danes‘ ground game. Baxter. in particular. proved himself to be a ﬁrst
class wishbone split-end.

Perhaps it was the offensive line which wee the real collection of
heroes, as they opened up the holes for the runners, and protected
their quarterback, game alter game. It Is a tribute to them that DeBlols
gained that root) yards, andtheDanes unleashedapowertul offense.

Though the defense did not record any shutouts this year, they remained as
tough as their predecessors of previous years. When the offense stalled. the
defense was always there to pick up the slack. and keep the Danes in the
game.

The defensive line was superb. Anchored by Rudy Vldo, Frank
Vllanovs. Dom Pagenlo. and Tim Myers. opponents found that e

= running game wee lrnpoeslble venue Albany (Recall the Denee'

goelline’IWWWIEPJAWWI“ "'c ‘ r ‘

if the defense had any faults, they centered on stopping the aerial attack.
The Danes were vulnerable there, but always managed to come up with the
big play. Ford's philosophy in defending against the pass has been. “To keep
things in front of us, and let the opponents cough the ball up. i would trade
seven completions for one interception.” This philosophy worked. as Albany
intercepted 28 passes while allowing only eight TD tosses. Ken Schion.
Donnie Mion,Amie Will, Skip Scurry. and Billy Brown were among those
who, time and again, pressured poor passes by opposing 03‘s.

The Danes introduced something new In their kicking game - Al
Martin. abona flde field goal kicker. Though Inconsistent at times. he
gave the offense a new dimension, and proved to be the most valuable
addition to the squad. Mike Marrln, the other half of Albany’s foot-
teeni. had a strong panting-season, especially venue Hofetra, where
he recorded an 05 yerder.

Albany's 9-0 record was the ﬁrst perfect mark for a college team in this area
in sixty years. Unfortunately, the Danes were caught with an easy schedule.
and paid the price in the Lambert Bowl Ratings. where they ﬁnished seventh.
The Danes retnained in contention for a post season bowl bid to thevery end.
“There were a lot of legitimate reasons for us not getting a bid." said Ford. “If
we can go 9-0 again next year, we will be logical contenders for a bid."

Will a schedule that Includes top ranked Ithaca College, and such
other eastern powers as SouIiern conn., Norwich, and Albrtght for
next year, another undefeated season would send the Danes pecking
on the road south.

But it will not be easy putting together another undefeated season.
You have to be lucky to go 0-0. The Danes had few Inturles title year. a
couple of kicky breaks In some ballgemes. end, of course. an easier
schedule. One bed break neatyeer. and the Denes'dreemmey be lost.

A big plus for next yearis the probable return often of theeleven starters on
the offense. as only Mike Basia, a lineman. will have been lost to graduation.
Bertuui will be back. as will sophomore DeBlois. and the rest of the
backﬁeld and receivers.

The defense will be basically the same. with one meter toes named
Rudy tho. tho graduates title year. and will be taken In the pro draft.

“I am really going to miss belng e part of this," said Vldo. as he gazed
oll Into the future. and perhaps, a Dallas Cowboys' uniform.

Vido was the leederof the defense. He came to represent Albany Sate
football, and will be hard to replace.

The Danes will also lose defensive end Tim Myers and defensive tackle Dom
Pagano. so Ford will probably be shopping around for some defensive
linemen this winter. Donnie Mion. the Danes‘ number one linebacker. and
Teddy Robinson. a valuable defensive back. will also take their diplomas
with them in May.

It is a tribute to the program that the Danes have come this far In a
mere five years, two as a varsity team. "The loss of tho and tho others
will hort,” said Ford, “But that luetgoce to show how farwe have come
- we are not going to be able to replace our ballplayers with better
people."

Nobody knows how far the football program wrll go. Much oi the credit to
the team's current and future success must be given to the coaching staff.
Most of the coaches are graduate students. who do not get paid for their
work.

As for Coach Ford, be to truly a remarkable man. He has built a strong
eastern football power from nothing In a short time. Lacking funds and
scholarships, Ford has successfully compensated for this through
hard work and dedication. He treated his players like champions. and
they responded accordingly on the field.,

PAGE F OURTEEN

 

 
 

   

 

 

 
 

 
  

  

 

 
 
 
  
  
 

   
 

Anewcoech.RonVlhlte.somenewblood.sndseveralvetsrenseaughtheredurhrgp.The WW"

Aquemen hope to put Albany state on the water map this year.

Aquamen Host Relays

by Rob Color

The Albany State Swimming team
will open their season Saturday,
November 23 at 1:00 p.m. as host of
the fifth annual Great Dane Relays.
Twelve teams will compete in this
meet. which consists entirely of relay
events.

The swimmers are optimistic
about their prospects for the season.
A strong nucleus of lettennen,
talented newcomers, two divers. and
a new coach all contribute to the
prevailing mood of confidence.

The new coach is Ron White.

Grid Picks

by the Blond Bombshell

A horrible week of 7-6 gives us a
79-51 record.

S.F. over ATLANTA
by 5. Sullivan doesn't help an unhap-
py team. S.F. is improving.

DETROIT over CHICAGO by 6.
The Lions are hot and they keep on
rolling.

DALLAS over HOUSTON by 3.
A discouraged team in Dallas. but
Houston can't win ﬁve in a row. Can
they?

GREEN BAY over SAN DIEGO
by 5 .The Pack is so much betterwith
John Hadle at quarterback. The
Chargers just can't stop them.

MINNESOTA over LA. by 3.
Both teams lost last week. Tarken-
ton is a better quarterback than
Harris.

PITTSBURGH over NEW
ORLEANS by 7. The Steelers are
hot. while the Saints had their big
upset last week.

ST. LOUIS over GIANTS by 4.
The Giants have trouble winning at
home and this week will be no
different.

WASHINGTON

o v c r
Slaw lv'nivcrsl/l'
liar/Mr & Stilt/lg Shop

THANKSGIVING
SPECIAL
FOR STUDENTS
Shunt/mo, (Sandi/inner. Cu!
& Style

$7. Value Now Only $5.5!)

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Seldenbﬂg. Jeff Rosen, and Russell
Bower. Sicbeckerisa strong and ver-
satile frcestyler and should be an im-
predictions. ofthe team‘s perfor- portant contributor to the relay
mance this early in the season, but teams. Seidcnberg has been training
has indicated that he is plCﬂlitl with all summer and should be successful
the enthusiasm of the swimmers and in the Breaststroke.

has pointed to various sources of
possible improvement.

Dan Dudley, Rick Masom, Milcit
Rubinn and Ken web” were high There are nine newcomers to the
point scorers on last years teamand mam, providing a depth that was
should form the nucleus ofthis years lacking in previuus Wars} Dave
158m Olhc" returning leiicmen are Rubin. a tall and lanky freshman.
BC“ Siekacrv_ R°b Gaicrv “Ck should beapointwinner in the mid-
die and long distance freestyle
events. Mike Volpe.ajunior transfer
student from Farmingdulc. will
probably be a leading sprinlCI for
the team.

formerly a successful coachat Vestal
High School in Binghamton. Coach
White is hesitant about making

  

Niné'Newcomers

Art Rosenberg and Ron Reveiikc
will be diving for the team. ﬁlling lilL‘
PHILADELPHIA by 6. The gap that has been one of the team's
Redskins have come too far to let up traditional weakpoints. T'tc lack of
now. divers has hurt the team iii the past.
N E W E N G L AN D 0 Vt 1’ but the presence of L'I' so two divers
BALTIMORE by 3. The Patriots will help turn a CiOSL‘ meet to
without Cunningham are still better Albany‘s advantage.
than the Colts. Other newcomers are Steve
CLEVELAND over BUFFALO Bookbinder. Cliff Bicrrnan, Vic
by 3. An upset which can be Borkowski, Jordan Dorchuck. and
predicted. The Bills are hurting and Kent Licbcr,
down. The meet on Saturday will be tilt?
ﬁrst ofﬁcial competition. The team
CIN'NCINATI over K.C. by 6. should place in the top half of the
The Bcngalscomeout roaring as the twelve teams. They are placing a
veteran Chiefs arc onthe short wcck. concentration of strength in a
OAKLANDovcr DENVER by 8. limited number of races in an effort
The Raiders are due for a bad game to maximize thcir overall. point
but the Bronco's lack ofdei'ensc will total. The “strong” relay teams will
provide for the Raiders. be iht-400yaro and 800 yard freestyle
MIAMI over JETS by 10. Tim relays, the 300 yard breaststroke
Dolphins are play—off bound and t'  (clay. and tin-400 yard medley relay.
Jets arejust not good enough to'ii  The entire Albany community is
them. invited .0 watch the ntect.

 

rwuesiilesl maiden..wa
_ Pine Hills
Wine 62 Liquor. Store, inc.
sift wrappins
9 am mil pm chilled wines
, 43.24425 _ free deliser‘v
" -  .370 Madison Ave

men ‘- “b

 
   

 

 

 'Qnterie‘St-l

NOVEMBER 22, 1974

 

 

Db" .. . .:.
a 'The (Albany State Cross Country

 

 

 

 

with an All American and IC4A
y ‘ mnner for thesecondyearinarow."
Tam/has ﬁnally closed the book on Indeed. there were many in-
wiigi has been their longest and. in dividual and team highlights this

' some aspects, their most productive past fall. The strong first half of the

year. ~ season allowed the varsity to rack up
[Coach R. Keith Munsey guided 7 shutouts (i.e. ﬁrst ﬁvepiacestaken
the barrier squad to a new record in by Albany runners. three more than
the area of dual meet competition. any previous season) Although the
going l2-l. The only set-back Was to Dunes failed to win one of the"big
a top calibre Syracuse team. At the meets". they nevertheless faired well:
same meet. Albany hit one of their SUNYAC‘s. 2nd of IO. Albany In-
high points of the season by upset- vitational 3rd of l9. Upstates 2nd of
ting Army. II. NCAA‘s i9th of 4|. and then
The ﬁnal meet of the season was llth of 38 in the IC4A‘s.
the filth Annual IC4A Varsity Season's Highlights
College Division Cross Country If one wishes to look for a real
Run on Monday, at VanCortIand highlight from the team‘s point of
Park. Bronx. SUNYA phced I3th view. they must certainly have been
out of 38 teams. the defeats handed to Army and
Co-captain Vinny Reda came on Colgate. Not only was it a personal
to cap the year with a super in- thing for several of the mnner. but
dividual performance, ﬁnishing 4th the victories over these “big time
out of 245 ﬁnishers. Vinny. who schools“ prove that Albany's cross-
came away with IC4A distinction. countrytcam could handlcthetough
covered the soggy 5.0 mile course in competition schools of this classand
25:33.0. Second for Albany was could win.
Chris Burns, who was able to grab Individually. it was a good year.
47th with a 26:34, while Carlo especially for Redo, Burns. and
Cherubino came in on Chris's heels, L'herubino. Roda, by hisownadmis—
5|st. with a 26:39. sion. hit his pcrsonalcmotional peak
Reﬂecting. Coach Munsey said, at Colgate. where he placed ﬁrst.
“It‘sbeenagoodyear.highlighted by Vinny also won All American
the wins over Army and Colgate. honors and set a new record on the
Also the fact that wedid come home Albany course for a State mnner.

25:" intheUptraies.Ch'enib ' ran
a 23:2I in the same meet to take
third. and Burns ﬁnished sixth. visa
25:38 in the Albany Invitational. As
faras place rankings within the team
in all meets (i.e. who had the best
finishing average). Reda was ﬁrst.
Burns second. and Chembino third.

Things began to look bad for the
barriers around mid-season, just as
the team was really starting to put
things together. With Herd Hason
dropping off the team.and Fred Kit-
zrow. who was coming on. injured.
things got a bit bogged down. On top
of this Doug Van Zet and Steve
Arthur. key point getter: for team
standings. were injured, and the
swson really hit a low peak. Their
losses prevented the barriers from
having the great season that might
have been.

l-‘uturc bright

Looking ahead. prospects appear
good once again. The only real loss is
Redd. a severe one. but improve-
ment on Burns and Chcnibino's part
should help cater over the gap.

in the area of recruiting Munsey
said. "We're getting more kids to
apply this year than ever before and
these are quality runners. if we can
getjust threeorfourofthc kidwe‘re
looking at. i suspect we‘ll be
allright.‘

 

Pu 3 Face Uncertainties

will

by Mike Piekarski '

Yes. folks. it‘s that time of year
again! Falling leaves. cold weather.
ﬁnals. and basketball! That‘s right.
basketball. I know football season team. but we have a tendency to
just ended;that’sthcwayweplanned throw the ball away a lot." said
it! Lewis. ‘()ur hull-handling and pass-

"Wc‘re neither pessimistic norop— ing has to improve if we're to be
timistic." sastuniorVarsitybaskct-
ball coach Robert Lewis. "We're
hopeful of hating a good season."
But whatever his prediction. it's go-
ing to be pretty hard to top last year's
record of I7 wins. 3 losses. when
\lhan) State produced the hm IV
team in its history

lhts )L'iii'x tcam h the usual

There have been “too many“ tur-
novers for onc thing. “We want to
run; we want to be a fast-breaking

successful."

Another problem tactng the
Danes is their rebounding strength.
or lilliicl’. the lock of ii. .‘vo one on
the team is iitcr (i'3". liut Couch
Louis rules the Danes as “fair” to
merit“ \I/L’. Iii ltici. this is one of his
hiugcr squads in recent years and
mitotic-ring the success of lost )L‘Af'x
)liung and inexperienced ()1 iiic tczon. be h not oat-rt). con-corned .n
tiiirtsen prescnl memhch on the
squad. only onetsa sophomore. Roy lam motor prospect»
\lichucison. .i Clari. l nl'ittifsll}
trdnatcr. Th».- rcst arc trcslimcn
“Traditionally lluf .i Jtlnltrf varsity

that department.

tor [K'Z
illi'~HlfKi dots are ltric \\ iiton m.
lL’iillltln to liillmrid Aubrey lirimn

“.rlton, who worked out with '

 

 

     

 

  
 
 
  
 

team). it takes time tot (in: piajuﬂ'sltr not iii‘.. In rated .1», .1 "good Shut

get to know» man other ’ ukpi‘iitr‘tttl who needs rebounding imprm.

le‘wis. Aim. " inCi'li lfrnvmi. r.“ 'ht; other hand. :24

to a new cu . L’Iittti [ChlillliIiUi hot it tacking .r.
With th: - thon two tr:‘.l.ili «:rpcricnu: Levin ‘.\ Ulftll-

necks .i'sa}, (. ;-i;. our“. iii 0' that Btu-M; 'i-tll get better '

  

litlrit pings-ed (Mint-iv. barium nan 
schedule .5...- 5m] lurvmfti or motor but Lew.» hint '

 
    

 

progress.“ ' - - -' l‘ri: "cititbi- to. tll'ti may he the starting mg. 1i.
Hun" gum: : a} bean tion. and 1 cm- “3.x hv IV micro; n alt .n
the Udl’lcs at: “imprintrtg with cash iicctl ul Ctplﬁllljllu.‘ not it at", pm.“-
xcrtmrnag: " cri 'hllii the An» hc‘. been cum; I

But the scrimmage, hatt- thown it along flour; lhoriipson and Larr,

few deﬁciencies in the Dane squad.

 

Harriett. boweterjrcttiiitn comm
tion for starting center as Lem has
not yet made a ﬁnal clarion.
Guards Greg Johnson. Steve
Mackhn. and Stem: Pas: sill all be
ﬁghting for starting berths Jrinn'on
’l’lih a lot of v. abzltty" bu
"lrzsrn the s: *

 

    
   
 
  
  

1'1.
Coach “at
alt-around
noted In .

 

 

eeeeeeeeseseeeeeeeeeeeeeeuse.

THE TAVERN RO0M

l228 Western Avenue
(between Silo Rest. dc Travel Lodge)
482-9671

WIN (wet inflation now) "(DER

mon - fri - 9:30 pm

3 .25 mugs
S .65 drinks
“.75 pitchers

oeeeeooooeooooooooooel

 

l!!....’......¢....§m

 

Drive Our Cars
Free To Florida.
California and all
cities to the USA
AAACON Auto
Transport
89 Shaker rtoad
Terrace Aporrmend
Albany, N.Y.
462-7471

must 5e ;5 jmngid

 

 

   
 

All basketball mi yollcybail f ,
posted on the A.M.I.A. Bulletin Board outside CC!“ for pro: post-
vamtion games. Remember: failure to show up when you arescheii ' may
result in your not being scheduled again. Any problems - contain Gary
Sussman (basketball) or‘AI Soloway (volleyball) in CC356. w 1

Volleyball genres begin tomorrow, and all teams are scheduled to
play at teastone game this weekendfhegemeswill bepleyedln the
men's auxiliary gym on the second floor of the physical education
building.

Basketball lnlramurals are scheduled tlrrowh Monday nits.
Novsmrzs, with some team playing twice Itieweekend. rite post-
vacation schedule is posted outside 6C3“. ltd OAKS I580“
MONDAY, DECEMIIR 2.

Hour hockey

Hour hockey ofﬁcials and captains: there will be a mandatory meeting for
all captains and ofﬁcials the week following Thanksgiving recess. You must
attend. Thercwiil be some exhibition games played Thursday evening Dec. 5
in gym A.

.\.(5.lf.i.

Watch for more notice regarding the A.C.U.l. Tournament alter
Thanksgiving. The qualifying rounds veil take place after Winter
intercession. but important information may be distributed prior to
that time. Once again, theemtcete hvolve: chess, bridge, table tennis,
bowling, and billiards. The W.I.R.A. will be setting up contests to
determine the female representatives In bowling, die.

the A..\i.i.A. will not meet again until the Thursday following
li’iéiﬂkigl'nlng. If you have any pertinent problems which require immediate
Consideration. please Contact Dennis Elkin in CCJSb.

Ilsel :ffrall

in AJAJA. basketball results:  

League l,cotossus edged Dancing klachlne, 50,40, a, Lew ldeuina
scored 21 points to pace the winnerpi Mainframes“ in 17 for
the Machine...

The Bells defeated the Undecidere, 51—45, as Sb: Beltus hit for 16
Belts points. Warren Miler sunk 6 field goals in a losing effort.

in l mtgtx IIIA. the KUIOK’DC‘ bent Slush, 4446, mih Rick Staabccnring
i7 point» for the K's. and tom Herring leading till \aIiil'ch with lit in a irmni:
L4H“: .
f!!;.1ﬁ$i'i0f1f.(.‘"‘t( Ronny—34 lcti' Newmanscored l7pritnhtnrinc
in»_ Sun Shapiro .56 l'\( Mitt 'I.,,
luv i'Linct humor. 23cm out ‘ilung. 444/), m. Dennis Walm mom; ti

 

 
 

“‘.\”::.f 1:"; it?” 1:331. suit“. bluff} Rid Trailing i")! i‘l iii! iii:

 

t ‘d  ".!=:.r.3'>1r':zmaczl intruslizid gums/ah}

 

In League IIIB. Dr. John‘s operated on Ferret. 57-32. High scorer of
the week was Bill Stuart. with 25 points for the Dr.'s. Harvey Kaufman
coll-acted 13 for Ferret.

in League tilt). the Chuckers beat the Follies, 33-32.

 

in League IV inléfdi‘IlSIOnai Ptay. Bruce Ringling PM, and Steve
Drown each scored 17 points to lead Fran-rigid: Cheese past Ctyde‘s
CIE‘I. 71-22” . -

Jon Mathison hit it field goals and one free arrow. as Suckarova
cashed in the Billed.

One Last Try dumped the Humps. 334$

The New Corners beat Adiruga. 45—31 . Glenn Coumia scoring 14 for
the winners-

Rich's Dicks smoked oil the atcocfana, 33.27. with Roy Billbroost
hitting 14 points lor the voters...

The Tnfectzs ticketed T,X.O.. 4023, Bruce Slicingofd scored 10
poo-it: for the winners

. m: 3 3:? u '.'. 52.: ii...::r sat: ‘hsytz

   

standings

Basketball and rollewa standings will begin appearing in this
column after Thanksgiving. Due to the large nutriber of learns (here
are may teams in League lll atone). standings wilt probably appear
placement.

To sileacums: please put the hmandhatnamolyomplzyersm
the scoresheets so ecmptete carnage can be extended so :3 games.

 

‘D‘OUCUUCUCC‘UUUU‘U‘$4‘$‘1".

 

NOVEMBER 22. 1974

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE FIFTEEN

..  ,
were stranded.

 

 
   

    
 
    
      
     
  
  
 
   
 
 
     
    
     
   
     
 
    
      
     
 
 
   
     
     
  

  
 
 

