eMLIzuttrfu,; ' ’ g  if"
1 ,

, , U :70
smirnonmm' l
aw
ith

 

“Dance Council presents:

Jennifer Muller & Friend.
Friday, Dec 13 & Saturday, Dec. 14
V at 9:00 pm
Main Theatre- Performing Arts Center
SUNYA

$2.00 with ID

MASTER CLASS
with JENNIFER MULLER

Saturday, Dec. 14

1:30 pm at
_ The EBA Shop

286 Central Ave. 3rd Floor
between Lake & Quail St. I
~3-50 W student Class Information: 4574523

Tickets:

$1.06 with tax $3.00 Gen.

 

 

(heh, heh)

/ @5

v..—

 

 

Here's your opportunity to provide
' pplemcntal protection for your personal
 _Alss"'sions-Vat special reduced rtttcsl Clothes.
Ca‘ipcrus. TVs. Recorders“ Books.
Sports Equipmcnt...Sl .000.00 of coverage for
these and other personal belongings-for only
$22.00!

And most important. it's world wide coverage! Wherever
you are - traveling. at school. on holidays - vacations -
you're covered. 24-hours everyday. through August I8.
I975.

All you do is fill out the request form - complete the

charge information or enclose your check. and your SI.-‘

000.00 Personal Effects Protection will begin upon

receipt of your payment. If unacceptable. certiﬁcate may

be returned within ten days. and premium will be fully
l refunded:

. l funded by student associationl- 

no no a... this,
turns all”. iv
“was

funded by student association

 

A “YOU! HOLIDAYJEMN

10 E VEItYoNE
‘ MW

 

by Myron E. lush ' _

The University Chorale. newly un-.
der the direction of Stephen 0s-
mond. and the University Wind
Ensemble under the direction of
Charles Boito performed on
Wednesday night in the second of a
two part series commemorating the
centennial of three great twentieth
century composers: Holst. Ives. and
Schoenberg.

The opening of the concert was
perhaps the weakest point in the
whole evening. The Chorale and
Wind Ensemble combined to per-
form Ivcs‘. “Circus Band.“ Despite
efforts by Mr. Osmond. the in-
strumentalists overshadowed the
vocalists resulting in notably poor
balance. This was followed by the
"Sixty‘chcnth Psalm.“ an acupelltt
piece which served to confirm that
the singers were actually singing.

 

"mt WI, 

 

 December 9, at 8 on
[ochre Center 18
Dr. lottis Jacobs
(DI the loo lian College, London, England)
we! known hitter and writer author of
"We Have Reason Io  "Jewish “not Ioday".
rt Iodine on

"lite Holocaust and Divine Judgement”

funded by student association

 

.sluggish in
I Variations. They did. overcome

One is never entirely fond of
Schoenberg on the basis of melodic
content. but that is because he wrote
according to his won set ofrules] His
music: therefore requires a deep un-
derstanding to do it any justice. The
Wind Ensemble. an otherwise weak
organisation. fell short in this regard
as their performance was rather
the Theme and

some of the technical aspects of this

challenging piece. Particularly good
was the control of dynamics in
general. with a noticeable finesse at
louder volumes.

Holst's Turn Back Old Man was
indeed the highlight of the program.
Not only was the tone beautiful. the
diction precise. tltc balance and
depth good, but also the piece made
musical sense. Mr. Osmond's
youthful vitality combined with his
uncommonly intellectual approach
to music made this more ofa perfor-
mance than just a "reading."

The largest choral work on the
program was Vivaldi‘s C I‘t‘lll). The
performance demonstrated Mr. Os-
mond’s superb capability of taking
some l2(l singers many with limited
background and few who are music
majors. and making music on a very
high plane. The attention and
enthusiasm of the singers was ex-
traordinary.

 

So what’s the
big Dill?
It’s Kosher!
It’s Dillieiousl
lit’s a Quarter!

 

 

 

Worried about\‘
getting ripped-oft?

SASU

comes through again with

Personal Property Insurance

—for only $22 you get $1000 coverage

-Does not cover tars, boats, motorcycles

-Only $200 coverage on jewelery, musical instruments,

and furs.

-$25 deductible

Mail Coupon for coverage

,000.00 PERSONAL

r-----------—
I $1

lTo: Haylor, Freyer & Coon. Inc.

I429 James St.. Syracuse. N.Y.

Dividend Is ( ) cheek ( ) money order tor $22.00 payable to Hoylor,
Froyor I Coon, Inc.
DPloaso charge the $22.00 to my

DIANKAMERICAID

and Date
Please Print

______.________——————————

1 3202

E-F'FECTS COVER GE REQUEST

chl I want the Student‘s SI.000
Personal Possessions Protection
plan. $22 is the total cost for
coverage until Aug. l8. I975

DMASTERCHAIGI

 

Cord Date

 

Nome

Addres-

 

Stole _ _t 1*.

 

 

 

PAGE 8A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

DECEMBER 6, 1974

 letters .
‘ Negotiating With PLO

To the Editor:

During the last .several weeks I have been
reading editorials, and letters to the editors
that describe the Palestinian Liberation
Organization as terrorists and murderers.
These people seem to feel that such an
organization should not. and can riot be
negotiated with. Now after the killings at Belt
Shcan they are saying their beliefs have been
proven. ‘

ldon't believe you can fairly disqualify the
|’.L.0. from negotiations. because of their

actions. without also disqualifying Ismcl,
Although one side receives more publicity
both sides have killed innocent civilians. The
press doesn‘t seem to want to point thisout. so
I will.

On November I4. l974. the very night alter
Yttsir Arafat made his speech before tltc U.N..
Israeli howitzers shelled the town of Nabtttiyc.
in Lebanon. eight miles from the border with
Israel. This attack killed six innocent pcoplc.
including a six year old girl. and wounded at
least twenty others. During that some night
Israeli "soldiers" landed with helicopters ill
Vcrubin. another Lebanese town.and blew up
three houses.

"These events did not make the front page of
T/Il' New York Times two days in a row as the
killings at Belt Shean did. Rather. they Were
buried on page seventeen. You couldn‘t turn
on the evening news and see the rubble ofthc
houses. or the mangled bodies of the
casualties. No. you won‘t see the funerals. or
the mourning rehttivcseitltcrwthat is reserved
only for Israeli victims.

Unfortunately this is no isolated instance. It
appears to be the policy of the American press
to greatly publieileand fill with emotion every
killing of an Israeli while mentioning the
killing of Arabs either casually. or not at all.
This was proven over the past summer when
Israel. repeatedly bombed and killed
throughout southern Lebanon while receiving
only tnlnimttl news coverage.

Il'you still wish to call the PLO, terrorists
and murderers I suggest you make up worse
names for the leaders of Israel since. witltottt a
doubt. they have caused the death of more
innocent people. You must learn to look
unemotionttlly pttst the littttlllIiCb. and see the
facts. Perhaps then you can start to
understand why Yttsir Aral'ttt received a two
minute standing ovation by the U.N. (lcnct'ul
Assembly. lie is no tnorc ol'n murdcrcrthun tl

tun sorry to say) mutty other world leaders.
and he does Inwe legitimate claims. America
and Israel must face the fact. as the U.N.
:ttlrcady has. that tltc key to peace in the middle
east lics ttot In destroying or ignoring the
l’.l..().. but rather itt negotiating with it.

» Robert 'ltttu'oI/i

‘ Humanitarian Appeal

To the Editor:

. ' the current Middle l’nxt \Illlllllulttltlt‘s not

uilctt .lcws exclusively. hill 11” MW“
elittciug increasingly blltltti motion.“ . .r

with the possibility of another Arch "I

hu;.cntt thiswlutcl' looming. \H J” n

land to cttd At‘tth tcrtotistn and solid.

ECEMBER 6, 1974

control. ?

Israel. as the declared Jewish State. is the
geographic region at stake on the globe.
Humanity. however. with its need for heat.
food and underlying morality, has its dignity
and conscience on the line. .

The following statement has been adopted
by the Capitol District K‘lal Israel
Commission. It‘s appeal is not ethnic. but
humanitarian. We hope that everyone will
take the time to read it. think deeply about it.
and act accordingly.

Judy Bialer
Program Director. JSC-Hillel
Capitol District K‘lal Israel

The political situation that Israel finds
herself in is extremely critical.

At the U.N.. the Arabs and Communists
were able. by a vote of 89-8. to endorse the
Palestinian claim to statehood rind get the
l’.l..(). observer status at the assembly
sessions and conferences. The Arabs and
Communists have such control of the U.N.
that if they wanted to have the world declared
llat. it would pass.

The I’.I..O, has chosen to blackmail its way
into world prominence through htttrcd.
mtlrdcr. terrorism and tttrociticsttguinst Israel
and II II ntunk ind through such revolting acts as
the massacres :tt Ma‘ulot. Kirint Sh‘montth.
Munich's Olympic Games. the slatightcr at
l.otl Airport. the murder of the American
.'\tttl‘lttsslttlttt‘ in Khartoom. the ltighjnckiug
and destruction of malty airliners and many
uthcr :tctrocious and unconscicnnblc acts of
inhumanity.

While most ofthc other nations ofthc world
htttc pondered to Arabs even to the extent of
i’ccogniring thc I’.l..O. in tire U.N. (icncral
Assembly. the US. has consistently acted in
accord with moral precepts. We voted against
mtiting thc I’.L.O. to the U.N. Our
Ambassador Scatli denounced the senseless
terrorism against civilian men. women and
ClIIlLll‘CII. During tltc oil blockade. the ILS.
held the montl leadership of thc world by
supplying lst'ucl with military hardware.
despite Arab threats.

What the U.N. does or does not do is not
important. for the U.N. pcr sc. has no power.
lhc important thing is that tltc U.S. (lot-scurry
height. H thc ILS. decides on a course and is
lirm lll its intention. lltc chances are excellent
that this policy will be carried out.

to counter this total control ofth U.N. by
our cncmics. it is necessary that the Us.
reaffirm its support of Israel by a
Congressional Resolution. To obtain this
Resolution. lct cacti of us write our Senators
and Representatives to enact tl Congressional
Resolution condemning Arab terrorism ttnd
renewing its strong support of tire State of
Israel and its right to live as it free and
indcpcndcnt state.

Please send a copy of your letter to .ISC-
ll illcl so that “C may know the response. ()ur
address is: lion swan. SIJNYA l2222. Send it
by (‘utnptts Mtul Service. Thank you.

Feasible Solutions

it) the Editor:

In response to thc vchcmcnt protests raised
mct (‘Itatrlic Meyer's letter. I would like to
cs press myscll ttsopposcd to these protests. A
\ct'y unlortumttc situation has III'IhL'lI in that
lstncl tItlIllIlitlIIl) refuses to rccognt/c the
claims Ill lltc l’ulcstittittn pcoplc and tire
representation ofthosc people by the Palestine
Liberation ()rgttni/ittion. This refusal.
although untlcrstuntlublc III light of recent
L'\ cuts occttt’ing sitter: the creation of the state.
is nonetheless an unrealistic and ttnl'lcxiblc
approach to it situation which demands
IIItttlL‘l'ttIltllI and compromise.

lhc Palestinian people have every right to
tlcninnd, :tl tllc very least. consideration of
their quest for It home where they are not
coutt'ollcd by a foreign power. The United
Ntttionsnclctl upon claims ol Jews and created
the stutt- If lsrnel. ill the proces titing also it
ltomclcsu people. who twenty six years later
are still hwtnt-lt'xs \ttw the I’nlt-stinittttsut'e no

wtlhjuilillt.‘ thcntsclvcs to this

ust rm n; we the situation as it

.r. a It. willing to negotiate a

 " ' l...nt. Thc alternative to this is

.m unnecessary continuation of senseless
killings und‘inct itublc wars.

tlt\!"l' v.

t e. ._ ,
representatives hr the . Pale tinian maple

Israelis (and others mooning a in. mm ;

effort to 'curb their emotionsin these troubled,
times. Arafat and the P.L.0.' are
representatives of the Palestinians. The Arab
summit at Itth recognized this and the U.N.
has also overwhelmineg confirmed the status
of the' P.L.0. OI most importance is the fact
that the Palestinians themselves havedeelared
their support forthis group in numerous ways
in recent times. So to deal with the Palestinian
problem. one must deal with the P.l...0.1-

Obvious objections to this are the terrorist
activities engaged in by this organization and
its offshoots. I would not make an attempt to
condone these activities. I would attempt to
put an end to them. I stroneg feel that the
solution to this problem is not one of savage
acts of revenge which unceasingly kill
innocent people in neutral countries. That is
no solution at all. Forthose who feelwar is the
answer. may I remind you that the days are
past where Israel can handily defeat its Arab
neighbors. as proven by the most recent
conflict last year. And even if it could.
resentment and bitterness would lie deep
within the ’alestinittn peoples. only to surface
at a future time.

Surrender of the Israeli state does not have
to be at stake. In a calmed atmosphere ofthc
negotiation table. compromise. possibly
dealing with the West Iiunk. could be reached.
This solution is the tnost feasible because it is
the only one in which a long-term solution can
be achieved. | feel that Israel holds the key to
this lasting peace in tile Middle East and it is
my fervent desire that they use it.

Matthew Lewin

Not Guilty

To the Editor:

A group of Spanish intellectuals. among
them thcpsychitttrist SettordForcistJhc wife of
the well known author Alfonso-Sastre. were
arrested in the middle of September. They are
accused by the Francis! police conspiring in
the attempts against Carrero Blanco and a bar
in the Plitlﬂ dc Correo. A few days litter. the
same Alfonso Sastrc was arrested andjailed.

Sustrc has been writing in Spain during the
Post Civil War years and has succeeded to
brottden the World‘s consciousness as to the
suppression of free thought that has uttd still is
occurring in Spain. The best sources available
have determined that neither Sustre nor his
wife are guilty of the crimes alleged them. and
wc at the SUNY Depurtntcnt of Hispanic and
Italian Studies. as well as prominent and
concerned people around the world are
anxious toshuwoursupportinthis causc;that
Sastrc and his wife be spared from the
in humane t rctttmcnt they are receiving in these
jails and that it speedy and impartial trial he
established.

It is suggested that yott um hpr by milking
individual person to person calls to both Sr.
Snstre and wife. at the respective prisons. This
will cost you nothing. as the calls will not be
placed to either of thctn by prison officials. It
has. however. been proven in the past that this

W76": r “I?
' 1 \\\‘h\

M

'  ‘i‘
is an effective method in demonstrating
concern and suppport of those unjustly
imprisoned in Spain.

Questions about his case will be ar‘tiously
received and discussed by Dr. Attch
llcrcngucr. Dept. of Hispanic and Italian
Studies. here on Cttmpus.

We urge and thttitk you for your support
before this atrocious mutter destroys another
great thinker and writer. as well as his wife.
who is being tortured to provide information
Sllt.‘ doesn't have.

Robert Streiler

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

communication. I cannot mskc'you ne'th
am; «yin. or thinking it I «titrated you to
listen to me. Conununicstion, free "
communication. not done timidiy not
following formal rules that keep anything
from getting through. but communiestlom
that flows freely through mutual respect and‘
understanding is the only tool we have on this
earth toward progress. toward peace, toward

There can be no communication when
people are blinded by external matters. be it
race. religion. or sex. to the point that they
shut their ears to what their fellow human
beings have to say.

Central Council's meeting on Nov.320 was
one of the most unproductive situations that l
have ever experienced. The “dialogue”
between E.O.P.S.A. and the Council seemed
to have a wall in the middle that blocked out
all real ideas.allrealcommunication. Ibelieve
that because of this lack of communication.
the financial question that E.O.P raised was
rejected. because few people on either side of
the issue ever really listened to what the other
side had to say. I say that because it was only
after it good deal of struggling with what I
heard that I changed my mind on the question
and voted for the expenditure. lbelieve that if
other members of the council had come to
understand "the situation as it was being
presented. they would not have voted as they
did.

It pains me to see such harm done because
of artificial barriers. It is sad beyond words
that I can express that someone should think
that I have something againsthim orher when
I do not know that person at all. It is more
than sad hocher. it is monstrous. that we
should allow such a situation to continue.

I do not have an answer that will solve the
separation that we force upon ourselves. I do
have an apology to those members of
E.O.P.S.A. and oIS.A. who were offended by
my language when I asked a question.
Although my question was appropriate. my

’ language was not. I imagine that my only
' explanation is that Ialways say "luck" when I
am frustrated.

I hope we may someday find peace among
ourselves.

Candi Mayer

Joining the Movement

To the Editor:

The Word ‘oppression‘ is heard many times
these days. Yet. how many people understand
when it is used in all its varioustcontexts’? This
word is used by many people to represent the
many varieties of dcgradation‘people are put
through. One segment ofthe'pojiulution being
heaped on these days are Guy people. The
purpose of writing this letter is to point out
would appear to be an insignificant slight to
(lay people.

In Jack Anderson's article. appearing in the
ASP on II/6/74. Guys are lumped together
with alcoholics ttnd insane people. I quote:
"last year alone. around three thousand
persons with access to nuclear weapons were
fired. Among them were alcoholics,
homosexuals and even a few who were found
to be insane. Among them were many who
could Itttve made off with nuclear weapons“.
The implication is obvious: Guys are not

ft I/t‘l'.\‘ continued on page [2

The Albany Student Pressarcscrvcs-

.Ihc .t'u/t.’ right reprint or edit Letters to the

llz‘tlitur. Sit/unit letters typewritten to CC

.336 ,Ior t'UIIa‘fllt‘NlllUlI. It'cc/J tltbsu cards
and It'ltcmmmirtg, folks!

 

