19:"... ~ -.

lew_. A. M

Tux—‘A


ll?

l

  amid-miningme—
 our“: the  at: all 

Th: purpns: of this ﬁllmtship is
ID gist: pmnleumumgmmnnd
fmunain'l stgtpxm in selected railing:
smintS and mam gmdum who
seek In 11mm: ‘mllzg: lathe-13.
stmstlmfacts‘lmput why in:
Miami Fourrﬂm‘mn.

“W: uilic’hed information whom
1h: tenmmmhmngh‘ﬁmdﬁ‘mt
osmium insult}. 811$ in‘hmhﬂx:

ASP and Tower 7%. mid

 maniacs who want-n
was: mums: mama Mr.

Whilnh: lcllnws’n'm mptiﬁliciz-
so Mr. En; 'izlsﬂunit still mks
mm: ' ‘ ' mi lhc “ 1am
1n farm of ibis or any inth such
scl’tnlaré‘h'rp 
____.__.___—
Expu-t Cali Pot

Laws Ila-ill
arm) Th: mp medial] dmgcx—
rpm in tin: Ford  ins
publicly adhd for 1h: animal of
mminnJ gamma for 1h: simple us
and pm of put.

JANUARY VACATTON

6mm

.- 11mm 5-12

“77‘

imcluds Karim-trip Mr.
Km l‘nrl—ﬁuammata—Jﬁcw York
7 \ncs. Howls Tmnsim Sighwmg.

and most mull:

New Scam Travel
nos-7m
"Psr gamut. 'Dnuhl: 0mm

Friday 8

Saturday

Behasn‘t

of ’

innings-

!)ch 103 .3 Washington con.
fcrcnc: int/d. sponsored by the
'uminnnlnqanhmtion for the reform
Ill mnﬁjml laws. that treating pot
n?" “ mcriminals isbuth costly
and is not working as a dctcr'rmt.

lnstud. said the Doctor. the
Federal Government should con—
sider "dccriminalizing' marijuana
much like 111: state of Oregon has
don: Jn'Orcgon. pot offenders are
lcvi=d with a civil fun. with no
crittiitml remrd being kept of their
riffs-Ins.

DuPont joins a growing number
of mp government ofﬁcials and
agcncics which have allcd for a
change in the LS. pot laws. Last
wet. Attorncy Gcncral William
Sub: said ht lavored an casing of
in: laws; Donald Sanmrclli. the
forum hand of th: law cnforccment
mu: admin‘smuinn has urged
dccnminalization; and several
members of the salute. Including
Howard Hughes. and Jacob Jams.
lmv: mtrnduca‘l a bill which would
12mm: 1h: criminal sanctions
ngmmt tn: personal us: of posses-
sinn nl pm.

3mg  :LlIE? amazing um

m-I'V- 3.911175" WW

WI mimlﬁ

W  womb EU:
a—u—w—c-c-m '
shrmz‘ ,

UNITED NATDNS. N.Y.(APl'~:- The Unit“! Stateson Thursday declurcd
its support of Israel‘s right to trust and lashed out at the Arab gucm. ac
‘d clibcratc. brutal policy of terror" and thcrr attempt to comparc ll II uh mt
American Revolution. . I
The stance was at odds with the approach to the Palestine question 133.21}
by a majority of speakers in the General Assemblydcbatc on Palestin: and
with a rcwlution prepared by Third World countncs which say nothmg
about th: continued existence of Israel. 7
The resolution's approval was assured Frida) . but corn: diplomat I. cg.
might get only 70 or w votes rather than the fill) hoped lo: a} ‘3 45,, 2.“. ‘
Palemine Liberation Organiwtton. lsrael says  Will m-vrr orgotrzte a :th 15-;
PLO on the grounds it is a terrorist Ofganllmim'l mmmugd 1,». I.” _ .
the .lcnish State. I
"Ccrtainly it must be understood by 2.111th lsr'ncl has in: :;
sovtreign. independent state within some and t:c£u_:alz.:d 52v
Ambassador John A. Stall said.
Last week. Arafat spend the Palcstinr debut: at 1'5:
comparud his guerrilla movement with the American k:
JERL'SALEM. Israel A?! A- lsrarh ofﬁcials plants-:1 
hard agtanst Arab terrorists as the gamut; bl'tOtt tour. .:~'
tour Israelis killed In a guerrilla raid.
Reflecting the border scttlers' gncl and fur).
Peres told the Israeli parliammt. "lbs-r: um. '
hesrtanon to hit back hard.“ Hrpromxsed to mo ‘
resources and methods' against In: terrorists.
Throughout the night Israeli anillcr} {trod across to: Lebancs: n -
suspected guerrilla bases.
In other Middle East detelopmcru:
—ln New York a United Nations spokesman said Sscl'r‘u.
Wuldheim was so oonocmed about In: situation in in: Mm”
was considering a trip there to cordcr wzth gw-cmmcr
 ln Washington Undersea-rosary of 5131‘; .luscp‘: .1,
States has not acwrdod the Palestinian LID" .
'rcconnition of any kind.” He tetra:th a Mono.“ mtr'I'It‘u u
winch he said 1h: Lmtod States rtgards the PLO .. : I :
urganiunon of Palestinians.“ H: addcd‘ ’lt was r... ..
ll
“ASHINGTON (API 7 Mn “2.31:: f Mariam: i..-
Thursdu} from conltnlion for in; 2911):: ' '

: 1n: '

v.1”...

sul'll’tg n: has Casuucrcd  do? TM: in
prcsIdt-rat
“l «'x brgln .-I crampalgn a ilfmiu
I' ." Mondale ﬂuid a maxi. .u.)
tum-Jr In \lt‘tnccir‘s dl'rm. ‘
\lmns R lcaﬁ .:

lht’ lit-\cuI-ﬂld .‘iﬁuﬁ
um i.» l9 f: ‘ ‘

\éundul: .1’;T:

'! but:

rr mull-nu;

rat nL-zl..ngtlrr:‘ .
\l\\ \lle \l‘;
. Lrvl'.‘ 1.-

. .‘(IL'I‘nuls :

'LIII‘ ...sL lills'f‘ w.
urn-5min: v hollch
II; will

\‘i I»: \’l\“.'fs.ll‘;. 45., was \‘ mama: V
\z-II \,.I'L l‘ILI‘I .:l\l samurai-I
MINI! fir-hr. \ lﬂldkéﬂ
\l'“ \ORK IKl‘I

urtpnutmctu n! a lush lure: om I.I:.IcII.. ~:

(m -{'l:‘.“. H.
‘cc.IrrIIIIcIIriIIIngrIs wimlll h; Mum .
I It'I:~ \Jlllv‘é (1“ him pruning MI; I.'-“m:'
:IIIz' llmhlnhlmul In 1h; PL!» Pi'ih'.’ :I.lk-. “‘11. n.

L ;I.:'I uni. llk his; u Il'clrx'us‘ 1’
L‘Iur; may: (Imus ﬁrms  3'
Mariam
I'll” .urI' =I': :11 1h: lI:...‘. .
:hIII wall-m 1! Im: Hosting " I mm \m.
' \A: can HG Inhpvz mum? (.3 mal: .u,. 3:,v

Hear Thompson 

by William Heller ‘ ’ ~

The crowd nearly ﬁlled the Campus Center BallroomlastTucsday night to
hear Hunter Thompson speak. According to a sign posted outside the
ballroom. Thompson hud muluriu Lind could not attend his appcilrancc.

"This is quite llll avrmt-gnrdc cvcnt“ commented Jim Porrecn. II student
here was disappointed and complained. “I can’t believe how many people
didn‘t come to not hear him." Rick Mccklcr. another student said. "lt‘s so
disuppointing when we finally get someone of such stature to not show up
and so low people come to see it."

As llVCllme closer to 8:00 p.m.. the time Thompson was scheduled to not
spunk. lhc crowd grew in size. As two students wulked in one commented to
his friend. “Maybe we should sit near the door in case we don't like it. Dr.
Phillip Tompkins of SUNYA's Rhetoric and Communications dcpurtmcnt
suid. “l tltink tlIrILwc muy lIIIvc II also of thc unreliable narrator,"

At 8:00 the spotlights illuminated tltc stage us people in the crowd culled
out for silencc so they could not hear ’I‘ltompson better. The mug of beer
which had been placed on u table on stage by :1 Speakers Forum officiul
maintained its silcncc so as not to disturb the absent Mr. Thompson.

As the inventor of gonzo journalism. Hunlcr 'l‘humpson followed its Well
known traditions. Thompson finally took the slugcund mudcupnor ultcmpt
fll flll imitation IIchn Wax. lt wusut this point in firm: that the crnwddccidcd
l0 IIIII show up and filed through the doors. on Illtl.l'.l't'.

l’orr‘ccu. fl student who cnjoycd this IIVIIIIt-gzIrdc' cvcnl. cullcd for the
cstublislIIIIcnt of u “non—speakers hurcuu." “Think IIfIIll the grcut people We
could lllll gct In spcuk" he said. “WI: could not get Nixlm lllld Agnew ("Id a
bust of mucus. We could send out lctlcrs saying (us an cxnmplc). ‘|)cttr Mr.
Croce. Would you plcusc not cnmc to SUNYA on April 4. I975. .  Porrcca
ltddcd. "Wt: churgc 50c lo thosc who don‘t come without tux cards. and SI to
[how who don't cumc with tux curds.“ He concluded, “It would all be very

 

IIHIut -gIII'dc.“

Minter Thompcon: An avart-gardo non-speech from an unrollcblo narrator.

SUNYA Offering BA Degree in Judaic Studies

by In Zlmmerrnun

Following the recent approval of
the Stutc Education Department.
SUNYA now offers n Bachelor of
Arts dcgrcc in Judaic Studies.
Courses in Hebrew. Yiddish. lliblc.
philosophy. history, and literature
complemented by studics in related
fields outside lhc department form
the huckbonc of ll fifty-four credit
combuch mujor and second field.
The Judaic Studies degree is the first
und only (Incoffcrcd inth State UII-
ivcrsity System.

Juduic Stud ics courses at Albany
Stun: were first offu red in the College
of GcncIIIl Studies. In 1970. a small
department was added to the
llumIInilics Division ol' the College
of Arts and Sciences. Late in mm
ycur. than (.‘hulrmun Jerome Ecks-
tcin was presented with a proposal
for an undergruduutc major by in-
terested fucully and students. Dur-
ing the subsequent four years the
original proposal has proceeded
through a network of udmiIIistrrItivc
strata. The process as described by
Dean of llumunilics Ruth Schmidt
involves the approval of the dcgrcc
at seven levels after the dcpurtmcnt
formally requests such a review. The

lcvclcut'c: H  
llunmullier Division
Cummirlcc on Academic

Programs
Cnum‘il oft/Io College (If/l m and

Sciences
Unrlcrgrrulualc Academic Corm-

I'i/

Univerrily Smulc — the Ex-
ecutive Cnmml/tec aft/Ia S cmuc ap-
proved the prog rum (luring lhc I974
Smnmcr racers when flu’ﬂl” Swmlc
um no! in session.

SUN Y Central

State Education Dcparmwnl

Dcun Schmidt slutcd mm the
proposal was considered III the
Dean's level for “more than II your."
The proposal which lrIIvcllcd buck
and forth butwocn the JudIIIc Studies
DcpIIrlmcnt and Schmidt un-
chwcnt cight rcvisions.uccord ing to
fickstcin. Among the chungcs‘ wus
Schmidt’s suggestion that the degree
be structured in the form of ll com-
bined major and second field. She
also made “editorial” recommen-
dations concerning the IIctIIIII
presentation of the proposrtl lo
diffcrcnI lI-vcls.

(.‘urrcnt Acting ClIIIirIIIIIn Scflnu
'l‘cmkin said he found a “gnncmlly

r1”...

n coopcrutivc spirit

4 7:30 3 9:30 LC—l8
5.50 with tax 51.31% ,

3:15.33? STUDENT PRESS

...qu~-....... . .

" "1‘ 0‘ l‘nlIlII‘n ks pavcr‘ru’u l "can:  {Irv I.» . =II.'=| ‘ .
lt‘: pIIhlI; nix-:quIIIIhIlIII “ ""m‘"
turns. \.\. .«I‘: I'm mm mow v. :.:.~ .* v  . Solton Temkln: Judnlc aludlea has an Integral place a! n WWW
I‘UIH“ ‘nlIrIf lsﬂlllllhl n mung man who rxiu-pzrills than; lsl whirl“ W" unlverslty.

mm; farm: ruin-c. and um hmu: h?‘

n'

In the cslnblish—
mom of the major. Along with
Schmidt. lickstcin and seven” Stu--
dcnt representatives. Dr. 'fcmkin
views ll Judaic Studies Dcpurtmcnl
as having an integral plucc fll II
scculIIr school. Said Tcmkin. “We
feel it is a part of lhc heritage of the
wcslcm world."

AlIIn Wolitzky. one of five un-
dergraduate rcprcscntutivcs (In tlhc
dcparlment‘s intcnml governing
body pointed out that when HIIrvurd
was first founded. llIrcc foreign
languages were offered Greek, Latin
and Hebrew.

Representative Jullc Wullzmun
ulso sccs a “definite need“ for II
degree in Judaic Studies in un age of
“ethnic awareness and sub-culture
sensitivity." Schmidt adds that “it‘s
good to have II Judaic Studies major

as part of nu intcllcctuul progrum.-

ll's u ery offocuIIing up close on one
point of View." '
According to dcpurtmcnt of-
I'IciIIls. the most popular Judaic
Studies courses me those chIling
WIlll Amcricun .lcwish Philosophy.
the growth of lhc Ameriarn Jewish
(.‘IIIIImIIIIIIy und introductory
‘ Hebrew/i lIcdcpIIrlmcnt'IIofferings.
1- ‘1 lliblc studies. are said lo
1‘ both chislI IIIId nun-Jewish
.Idcnts in addition to non-
IIIIIII'IculIItiIIg students front the
AlbIIIIy Community. chcrul courscx
urc cross-lislcd with the English.
L‘oIIIpIIrIIlivc World lithutIII'c,
l'tIlItIcul Scicncc IInIl AIItlImpnlogy
DcpIII'lIIIcnts. One such course to bc
ullurcd during lltc Spring ScIIIcsch'
Is ".lcwislI C(IIIIIIIIIIIIlics" tIIIIglIt by
Anthropology professor WIIlIcr
ZL'IIIIcI‘. A lIIlIIl ofIIiIIclchIIIl'ch'iIIgs
in lIIIlrIIc SIIIIIIcs will he IIVIIIlIIblc to
slIIIlI-IIls in the Spring st'llcdulc.

lllL‘ I'qullf'clllclll‘r lUl IlIIr ll A. III—
clIIIlc lwclvc cIcIlIls ul llcbrcw
lIIIIgIIIIgc llllll lllcl'llllll'c. uul III-
cluding the two Introductory
cuIII'scs; st cIcIlils of .lcwIIIlI
Ilislm'y', six crctlils nl lliblc; llllll
tllirly credits of cluelivu work within
the dcpIIItIIIcnl. 'I'WcIIty-IIIIII' III
lhc-ac llIiI'ly crcdilsIIIusl bout llIc .lllt.‘
III 400 lcvul including lll least six
credits in much oflwu l'lcldsol Judaic

Studies (cg. Bible and Jewish
Philosophy).

ltlollt faculty and student officials
in the department praise the Hebrew
lrInguugc program developed by Zvi
Abbo. According to Wnltzmun. Ab-
bo‘s program has bccn‘accluimed by
landing language specialists. The
method is being used by the Univer-
sity of Culil'omiu In Berkley and
other schools. A major aspect of the
program is that the first two
semesters of Hebrew arc ud-
ministcred on television videotape.

Current goals of the department
plIIcc cmphrisls on internal con-
solidation. Wultzmrm. along with
fellow student representative Jeffrey
Hoffman. would like to see II
thIclIlng certification program in
llcbrcw education. According to
Hoffman. such II degree would III-
truct more students to the depart-
ment. Eckttcin. while pointing out
the need for inner building. believes

the department will cventunllydmu
up- plans for a Masters degree
program. '

In contrast to Eckstein‘s long term
expectations. Schmidt expresses
concern with the short term goal of
finding II pcrmuuent chairman. A
scurch committee is currently work-
ing at this task.

SUNYA students who have taken
courses in the department have
suggested II variety of innovations.
One student proposed the establish-
mcnl of II I00 lcvcl survey course in
Jewish History similar to those
offered In Western Civilization.
American Political and Social
History and Asian History. The
fifty-four crcdil requirement. felt
onc frcshmnn. makes it difﬁcult to
complete a double major. and
should therefore be made less
demanding. Hoffman recommended
non-credit seminars dealing with
such urcus us the Mideast crisis for
the immediate student community.

 

 

Riding SlﬂVY Buses
May Require 1.0.

by Maureen DeMIIlo

Students mIIy Hllllll be rchIII'cd to present their Ll). curd when riding the
llIIichsin l‘llth‘b. c.\p|IIIIch l‘runk Kopl. director of (be physical plant,
Iluwcvcr. nu dIIIc llll iIIIpIuIIIcIIIIIIion lIIIs bchI set yet. us scvcrIIl ubsluclcs

must lu'al he IIch'mIIIc.

fipcctIlIIIInIIs llllll this lung-standing IIIII: will be enforced llfuhl.‘ from
cumpluiuls from hIII. lll'l\'cf'.\ lll'llllll the large IItInIbcI nl IIIIII-llIIiI-u'sily
pcuplc using the buscs. Jack Ulscu. 'illpl'rvlﬁtll’ (ll lhc MnIoI' l'IIIII. directed
the cmnpluinls to KIIpI. I’cIIIIcsIIIIg tlIzIt \Ulllc llCllllll bc lztkcu

However. Knpl is lt‘lllL’lfllll In IIIIpIcnIcnI lhc pulIc) ltL'Ctlll‘sc student
Uppllhlllllll In lIIkiIII: lllL'll | l) 'mul may slow ll(l\\ll llIc bus M‘llclllllcb. flu is
lIIIpiIIg llllll sIIIIIcIIIs \\lll lam: \lltfll :I pflllL') wlIcII llII-y IcIIlI/c Its bcIIclils.
\Illl‘ll :l‘ lllUlL‘llllH mm llL'lllllIlhllllllllL' Such II It'lllll‘hl mIIIIl mmc Ill the lm III

Ill .I llllCtllH' IIIIIII ( cutml t IIIIIIcIl. L-splIIIIIL‘Il Kupl.

llupclIIll\..I IlIIcclIu' lIIIIII Illl' sIIIIchII lltlll)’ \\’lll slIIIII IIIIII sluchIls \\‘lllll
such .I pnIII'y. IlIIIe. \lllllt‘lllh \l'tllllll lIIIvc IlIciI ll) curds rcudy.

(JIIL' llliljlll llllhlfll‘lk' I“ such ll policy mum-Ins gttcslsol‘xlIIIchIls. KtIpl sIIIIl
llllll “something could he II III led out“ so llllll gncslswnuld l)l.‘ IIllIIchl IIII llll‘

buses wiIII cIIrd—I'III'IinIg hllltlulllh.

Since no survcy llllh bcclt done to Ilclcruuuc lllL' IIIIIIIbcI' II| IIIIII~Unchrsin
pcnplc riding llII: huscs. llllllly duIIhI lltcrc is ll |ll'0lllclll llIIIt qu‘I'IIIIlII such
lll III IIclImI. Hue l.cl)t)l|. (‘cIIIrIIl Council I‘cprcscnlulivc I'I'IIIII Alumni. lIIIs
.tIIggcschI III Kupl mm the policy be iIIIplcnIcIIthI us IIII cxpurlmcut for It
IlcnlgIIIIlcd pcriml IIIIIsscssllIcpI’IIblcm. Ilnwcvcr.nIIIIcIiIIIIlIushccnlIIkcII.

 

NOVEMBER 22, 1974

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 

