hole
iAbovc - Glenn Sow-little. the Dance number two
menu. going wide. Below - Ortn Grllttn gets some
encouragement trout In coaches upstairs.

by I_ruee Mouh . L. ‘ . .
They can throw away the Albany football team's record book. after Torn-
my DeBlois‘ superb performance Saturday. as he ledAlbanyrtoa surprisingly
close 35-l4 victory over the Brockport Golden Eagles.

For DeBlois it was a super day. He rushed for a sensational 2l3 yards in

A just two and a halfquarters of work. thus makinghim the first Albany player

ever to go over the two-hundred mark. Delilois broke the school record for.
yardage early in tire first haffand had I70 yards at halftime. He averaged an
unbelieveabfe |4.2 yards per carry rfnd his 77f yards on the ground for the
season moves him even closer to the magic thousand-yard mark.

the big fullback just could not he stopped. as he constantly broke through
holes and it took three. fourand sometimes even five men to bringhim down.
l'oinmy got a healthy chunk of his yardage. the secondtimc he carried the
ball. as he burst through a big hole. veered to the sidelines and outleggcd his
defender to the gorilline for a record 75 yard run.

Delilois continues to credit much of his success to his front line. as they
completely dominated the llrockport defensive linemen. “The line was super.
ldon‘t think l was touched by one llrockport lineman the whole game.“'l‘his
great performance guarantees DcBlois ltis fourth straight week as one ol‘the
liCAC plavers of the week.

For the rest of the Danes. though. it wasn‘t that great a performance.
Albany coriiplctely dominated the first half statistics. as they amassed 33f
yards of total offense. but they could only manage l4 points on the
scoreboard. two touchdowns were Wipcd out because ofclipping penalties:
Coach l-'ord was pretty displeased with his team‘s play. "We area far better
team than tltat. It should have been 35-0 at halftime."

Albany's oiin other score of the first half came on tltc series following
I)cl5|ois' big touchdown run. the Danes marched from their own to all the
way to the cod lone. flie drive was highlighted by a 28 yard wobbly to
tigltt end loiii Clcar‘y arid a coirplc of big bursts by Delilois. Orin (irtllin
took the brill in from the one for the score.

flie'llrincs had nttriierous other opportunities. bttt cottld not better llteir
l-Hl lend. its the leaiii was hampered by fumbles. penalties and interceptions.

the defense in the first half was solid. as they allchd Brockport only M
yards in offense. ‘I he (iolden Eagles could not run at Albany and the Danes
secondary shut off the pass. Ken Schocn was impressive. as he was able to
knock down a couple of passes.

I lie third quarter has bccn the Danes best quarter. scoring wise and Satur-
day‘s game proved no different. Albany‘s offense was sharp. as they scored
the first three times they had the brill.

0n the Danes first series of the half. the learn quickly drove downf'ield.
tirrllin capped the march with an eight yard run. going wide down tfic
sidelines for his second touchdown of the garlic.

it took just one play for Alhariy to score. the next timctltcy had the brill. as
quarterback .loliii llertuzli from Brockport‘s 49. made one of his favorite
cr Ils tllc play action pass. He found splitend llob Baxter all aloneat the ten
and Baxter scampcred to the end zone with a defender on his ankles.

the Danes completed their scoring on the following series. llertumi drove

i the team to the llrockport's ten. where he faced a third and one. liertuzzi

crossed the llrockport defense up. by again calling the play action pass to
llaxtcr. who made a diving catch in the end zone for the Danes final score of
the day.

Willi aquarterand a half to go. Ford chose to send in the second stringers
to play out the game. As a consequence. Brockport was able to put two
touchdowns on the board on passcsto Ken Lidge and Brian Scheider. to once

again spoil the Danes shutout hopes and possibly drop Alhariy in the

rankings. this did rt‘t seem to bother Coach rota. “When we think we won
the game. we will substitute. We‘ve got to live with our second stringers next
year and smite of these kids this year. 1 don't care about the rankings."

Next week the Danes take to the road. as tltcy lace totigli Curry College.
first year Albany heat Curry by only cigltt points. Albrliiy must rebound
lr'oiu their mediocre performance against Ilroekport. if they are to go
through the season undefeated. The team must improve their execution. as
penalties must be eliminated and the Danes must learn to hold on to the loot-
bafl. Defensive star Rudy Vidu ptit it in its proper prospective when he said
"If we play like this against Curry. we are going to get beat."

 

 

rummpeicbo‘r'ze, 1974

hula

Above - Fullback Tommy DeBlolI on route to a

record 200 y

out day. Below - Donnie Mlon ltnds out
that Broekporl hltl hard.

l.

 

 

 

Fight Planned Against Segregated Parking

 

“Symbolic Action” Planned

UUP Responsible for Segregation

by Sue l.ebolf

Segregated parking starts Mori-
day. l'l‘tilll llzflt) a.ni. to4:(lll pm. on
weekdays. ntost students will have
to park in the brick of the Dutch arid
State parking lots. ()nly faculty will
be pcrntittcd to park irt front. 'l'wo
y ‘tll'S ago. all effort to enforce a
similar segregated policy produced.
aniongother things. a parking strike.
flow titirclt protest will be heard
Monday morning is anyonc‘s guess.
httt it is certain that studentsarc go-
ing to wage some sort of fight.

Already a Parking Action (iroup.
comprised of campus activists arid
backed by Central Council. is platt-
ititig a "symbolic action" for Mori-
day. In a less visible. niorc
procedural vein. University Senators
from the group plan to introduce a
hill at Monday's Senate meeting in
rill effort to reinstate a dcscgrcgated
policy strough regular channels.

Right no\\. no one is sure ltow
simple or difficult a return to
dcsegi'cgiitcrl parking “mild he. The
issue hinges on how coniniitcd lin-
iicd llrir\ct'sity Professionals. a litt—
ion representing 40', of the faculty
on t'nliipus is to lhc segregath
polity.

llie lTl'l’ fought for segregated
par king for the better part of tlte first
year. arguing that open parking \tas
instituted \\ iiliorrt consulting the tilt-
ioii. thris \ iolatiriga clause of the urt—
rori‘s contract. A grictancc filed by
the l'rl‘l’ \tcrided its way through
state gowinmcrit channels. rticctiitg
\rrth official disapproval at every
leicf. rtnttl it reached tltc Office of
lunrploycc Relations wlrcretlie ll Ul’
llllttff) “fill its case.aud where it was

University S

by |-'ailh Scholtenficld

decided that this University‘s park-
ing lots would liavcto bedivided up.

Reportedly. many members ol'the
faculty are either opposed to
segregated parking or indifferent
about it. rind the Administration
frtvorsopcrt parking. l hus.thc senti-
riicitt for segregated parking is large-
ly confined to it few members of
UUl’.

The Parking Actroit (iroup has
asserted that the University has tltc
right to bring hirck open parking.
arid that the University‘s only cott-
ti'actual obligation to U Ul’wo‘uld be
to consult with the triiion prior to go-
ing back to a dcscgrcgatcd policy.

Many Student Association
leaders wotild like to see SUNYA‘s
facility and staff break away from
the Ulll’. and fortri their own Un~
i\clsf|)’ tiriioii. SA I’eclsthal if thctin-
ion wci‘e dcccritrali/cd. it would he
caster for them to compromise and
negogirtte.

llorh Student Association Presi—
dent l’at Curran and Veep lt'ri Ilii'n-
haunt hclicic that a student trttion is
fflc\\tt\t:tlf tlrefuture, flopelrrllyila
\lllth‘lll union nerc formed. students
\\tItlitf he on :r rnoic equal looting
\\ilfl both faculty and stall. Curran
arid llri'rihautti explained,

llit'uabaurtt explained that the
lllll’ is trying to use the “ill of the
Mt“ faculty ntcriibr-rs who brought
rip the grretanec to “circuimcnt the
decision of tltcduly oi'gatti/ctl gmcr-
ning body on campus.“

SA l’l'csitlcitl Curran noted that
"there's a general feeling of faculty,
at least in the UniversitySenatc.that
the irriroit is taking away the right of
the llniiersity to group itself.“

the University Senate is expected to begin discussion and possiblyvotc on
any or all of nine bills amending current procedures outlined in the S UNYA
I’aeulty l-fandbook concerning promotion and tenure this coming Monday.

November 4.

l he bills are based on the report of the “President's Comniiltce to Review
I’m motion and Continuing Appointment Policies and l’rccdui‘cs“ which met

tit February of this year.

fhc basic procedure for making tenure decisions. although it differs
somewhat between schools and colleges. begins at the departmental level.
where the department chairman transmits his recommendations to tire dean

of the school or college.

the dealt their consults with a “democratically-choscn coinlnittcc of the
taeufty rlrid students in all cases of proiitotiori turd/or continuing appoint-
riiciit arising in his/her school or college."

I'lie recommendation of the dealt. along with tfiat of the Council on
Promotions mid Continuing Appointrneiits(Cl’CA). is then submitted to the
President who makes the ultimate decision with the approvalofthe Board of

trustees.

the first hill (no. 32) up for consideration involves a reversal of prior

rcco llllll Clldlll Hill.

It states “That when aschool committee is considering

reversing the recoinrneridalion of a department. the committee shall request
the department chairman rind the candidate. or their respective designees.to
meet with the committee to discuss the explicit grounds fordisagi‘eeinent."

The second resolution of the bill provides for the same meeting procedure
should the Cl’CA consider reversing the recommendation of ii school coin-
niittce. lit the present system. reconrmendations. favorable or unfavorable.

are transmitted without this provision

opposing decision he reached.

Wo.,.-.-.m....ams..w
.M...__... . . ,

for an explanatory meeting should an

.2» «.. c. .

We...“.»s~iaswwmuewwammnr~v  I

 

 

 

 

History PhD Program Jeopardized

by Barbara Fisehkin
According to sources in the
History Department. SUNYA
Academic Affairs Vice president
I’hilip Sirotkin plans to meet Mon-
day with a high level state panel on
doctoral program review. The
meeting has been prompted by a
lower level committee recommenda-
tion that Albany‘s History Depart-
ment l’li I) Program be terminated.
l be lower coitiittittcc. a ttnit oftlic
State Doctoral project. called the
History Program Evaluation Corn-
ntittcc. has reported that Albany‘s
History l’lil) progr'aiti was too
small. In addition. they said that the
department lacked "famous" facul-
ty,~ llrc Conunittcc‘s report is based
on ohsci‘iritrorrs tirade by two “site
visitors". generally well known
historians.
last y-ar. during state-\vrdc iii-
vestrgations conducted in botli
public and private unnersities. the
trio site visitors. Robert Cross
|llriitersity of Virginia] and .loyell
Cotton [Duke University] reviewed
rltc l’hl) I'r'ograni. Altltougli their
report contained criticisms. it was.
“encouraging”. said
History Department Chairman. Dr.

Joseph Zacek. They termed the
History Department a “maturing
department" and recommended that
the number of fields be limited along
with the number of students. They
advised the creation ofa "small.elitc
PhD program." Presently l’hD‘sarc
offered in only Modern European.
American and Latin American
History.

Zacek. who replaced Kendall Birr
as department chairman this
semester. expressed the
department‘s surprise ill the dis-
crcpancy between the site reports
rind the committee intestrgation. He
explained. “We're more lturt tliait
angry. We don‘t see any evil
attempt. Al the very \Hll'Sl it is inef—
f’icieircy."

lixpi'esstng his optimism about
the outcome of the Noicmberfotu'tli
rncetrng. Zacck said. “We expect to
win it because the contrast (between
the twoxrommittcc‘s) is so great. We
are confident the l.)octoral Council
is going to see it."

‘Ilie Doctoral Council. the ltigfi
level state panel. receives the report
from the evaluation contmittec and
acts as art advisory board to the
Commissioner of lfighcr Education.

enate to Debate Tenure Bills

ltifl no. 33 proposes "That the Senate lmplenrentation of the Faculty fly-

laws . . . be amended“ by deleting . .

."Tllc Council may discuss individual

promotions with the appropriate deans and/or department chairmen . . . "
a‘nd  . .I'CCUllllllClldflllOllS f'orproiitotioris shall be forwarded to the Presi-

dent wihtout prejudice. except the

school‘s reversal of the departmental

recommendation may be a ppealcd to the Council by either the department or

the candidate" be substituted.

llill no. 34 concerns criteria for promotional recommendations. They in-
clude "leaching effectiveness. research or other creative activity. professional

partici .i

'lltlll and recognition. and service to the University and to the public.

Superiority of intellectual attainment should be the overriding considera-

tion.“ these are slight variations ol'tltc

clc.

live criteria stated in tire existing arti-

llic next bill involves student participation. It stated that “the CI’CA
(which is composed of Ill/members. 4 of whom itre students) shall forward

only those departmental recommendations . . . which .

. . include explicit

reference to student judgment on those crises as expressed by student
representatives. whose voles within that department should be equal to at
least one-third of the totril votes within that department.“ The University

Senate requests the President. Vice l‘

resident for Academic Affairs. and the

Deans of the respective units follow the same procedure.

It is only in the iiitial and subsequent levels of review (departmental and
college or school level) that the recommendation has bearingon the ability of
the candidate to request a repeal of the decision. The CI’CA recommenda-
tion. which results prirlty from ll student vote. serves only as an advisory

measure.

llill no. 36 proposes that the "President appoint ii University-wide corri-
mittee composed of faculty and students to oversee the University-wide

(‘tllllfllllt‘tl on page/our

Ewald Nyquist. who makes the final
decision.

The entire doctoral project is
coordinated by Dr. Dorothy
Harrison. She was not available for
comment. Madeline Ries. assistant
co-ordinator of the project stated. "I
licsitaie to answer. The evaluation
rind review is confidential. We‘d
ratficr baridlc any questions in
writing."

Sirolkin was also reluctant to dis-
close any information. especially
that concerning his anticipated
response it) the Council. "ft is it
matter of my not wanting to do
anything that would encourage
publicity in this. i think that it is in
the best interests of thcstiidcntswho
arc in the History Program - arid the
faculty.“ llcdid mention that he was
optimistic about the outcoitie of the
meeting and said that lie believed the
facility is prepared to present a very
strong response.

Zacck also had good words about
his lactilty. He stressed. “l have
never seen a department this
ciihesrve." liealso remarked about
the diversity of the department s'l ~
ing. "We're almost like Swrss
trict'ccnaries. People here. work in
the School of Education. the
Woman‘s Center. the Allen Center
and Latin American Studies. Our
people are in all irnivcristy places—-
administration.servicc. leadership
and research.

To tltc chairman the elimination
of the PhD program is not a
“realistic outcome“. Yet.just in case.
he has already told the History
teaching assistants that they have
nothing to worry about. if the
recommendation should get up-
provrtl front the Commissioner. the
deparlnient has a number of years to
either prove its efficiency or phase
itself out. This phasing out would
effect only l’hD candidates. not
other graduate students.

The History Department is not
alone in its l’hD troubles. in July of

'this year SUNYA‘s Chemistry
Department was placed in a
“provisionally acceptable" category
by a similar evaluation committee.
‘l'liat department had been given
three years to raise its standards. It
will then be re-evaluated.

Despite the pressures created by
the committee report. Zaeck was still
able to admit about evaluation in
general. "It's a fine thing. You get it
perspective you don‘t get at home.

 

 

 

 

M.

 

