‘ I Whileth f‘ntbollteam has been,
~_ attracting most of .the attention of
, the. cai'npus. the _ Albany State
basketball team hasbeen quietly get-
ting into shape for their December 4.
opener at New Paltz.

Coach Richard “Doc” Sauers
once again had to perform major
surgery on his team as fowards
Byron Miller. Harry Johnson. and
Reggie Smith are all gone.

Sauers will be going with a three
guard offense to take advantage of
the team's strength—four ﬁrst class
backcout‘t men. Albany will use a
running offense to takeadvantage of
the guard‘s speed. This should prove
quite pleasing to the fans. as the run-
ning game is more exciting.

The Danes will not be using a
pivot man. but instead place' their
two fonvards at opposite corners.
The bulk of the rebounding and
much of the scoring will (all into the
hands of senior, captain, Pete Koola.
who is the Danes only returning
forward. Pete appears to have com-
pletely recovered from hislyear-and-
a-half layoff. He isa good all-around
player and he contributed much to

I Albany's late rive last year.

The season will depend] great deal
on how well Koala'ple’ys.»

The other starting forward spot is
still up for grabs. bettVeen Tom
Morphis. a transfer from Merrimack
College and Bob Audi. up from last
year's l7-3 junior varsity.

Morphis at 6’4” is the biggest man

on the squad. "If he can rebound. he -

will playa lot," said Sauers. Morphis
should improve as the season
progresses. as he has sat out a year
because of NCAA eligibility re-
quirements. (Transfers must sit out
one year after transfering to dis-
courage intercollege recruitment).
He is strongly built. but must show a
little more aggressiveness under the
boards. Morphis has a good inside
shot and he has been improving on
defense.

Audiwas the leading scorcron last
year'sjunior varsity. He is not big. as
forwards go. but he makes up for this
with hard work. He has a good out-
side shot and picks upImany “gar-
bage points" thanks to his
aggressiveness.

Because Sauers will be using a
three guard offense. all four of the

mekter

Met Brown. one otCoeoh Richard "Doc" Seuen' live choices tor the
two startingguerds' spots. looks towards the basket.

Big Three Are Key to Wrestlers ’ Success

by George Miller

'With the arrival of the cold
weather the sports world turns its
eyes indoors, and Albany State
wrestling fans can expect good
things this winter.

Veteran Coach Joseph Garcia has
a powerful nucleus to work with.
consisting of twelve returning
letterrnen from last year‘s varsity.
Coming offu season which sported a
fine l2-2 record. imporvement on
such a mark would seem difficult.
Albuny has, essentially. the same
schedule. The wrestlers all have an
extra year‘s experience under their
belts. In light of this. bettering last
year is a definite possibility.

Mirns Returns,

Anchoring this year‘s varsity is
SUNYA‘s most outstanding
wrestler. senior Larry Mims. Mims.
who competes in the NZ lb. weight
division. placed 5th in the NCAA
Division lll national finals last year
and will be looking to improve on
that in March. Another key ﬁgure to
watch is two time SUNYAC Con-
ference Champion Rudy Vido. the
Danes star heavyweight. Also. keep
an eye on the mo lb. class with Don
Mion.

"We're set pretty well this year."
says Assistant Coach Ron Behe.
“We have a good shot at at least

three champions in Vido. Mims, and
Mion. At the minimum those three.
We‘d expect other kids in there to
plgce. so we‘d have a good shot at a
team championship (i.e.. at the
SUNYAC's)

Basically. as mentioned. the varsi-

Vlreelers ample wit took ot bettering

 

Dane guards will  of ae-'

V tion. r

Ed Johnson was the Danes third
leadingseorer last year(l2.2) and he
has been .working very well irt prac-'
tice. "He's going to have a great.
year." said Sauers. “He will be able
to use his great speed when we will be
running." Johnson was plagued by
inconsistent play last year. but Doe
feels that he has matured this year.
Eddie will be counted on heavily to
give the Danes some scoring punch.

Rich Kapner doesn't shoot as well
as the other three guards. but he may
well start because he does so many
other things on the court. He gives
the team some much needed
steadiness. us he isa team ballplayer.
During the two scrimmages the‘
Danes had. Rich has been quite
effective in spurkingthe offense after
coming off the bench. He has also
worked chI in the Danes pressing
defense. Kapner has been prone to
injuries and he is currently nursing
two sore shoulders. If he can stay
healthy. Kupncr could have a great
say in the Danes conference title
hopes.

Mike Supronowitz has the best
outside shot on the Dunes and
should hit fifty per cent of his'sh'ots.
His hig weakness has been his
defense. 'Ihc Duncs‘ fastbrcuk
offense should also help his game. as
he isan excellentrunning ballplnycr.

Gary 'l‘revett was one of the most
improved players on last year‘s
squad. His job has been to bring the
ball up court. He is a good shooter.
but must make a better selection of
shots. 'l‘revett probably will be play-
ing forward on defense. as he has
height (6’2") and strength. something
theotherslack. During the tWo scrim-
mages. Gary pulled down his share
of rebounds. if a forward guards
him. he will try to take his man in-
side.

Because four of last year‘s five
starters on thejunior varsity decided
not to go out for the varsity squad.
Suuers‘ bench looks a little thin.

ty will be wrestling the same com-
petition as last year. New additions
to the season. which runs from
December 7 to March 8. are Univer-
sity of Massachusetts (Feb. 4).
Potsdam (Jan. 18) and Southern
Conneticutt (Jan. 25). Other then

Gory Trovltt versus Mike Supronowios In the continuing battle tor the

4'.

mekler

two starting guarde‘ spots. Trevltt hes the size and defensive
ability...$upronowlezttguho shot. Both saw varsity action with last
./ ‘yoars’ squad.

Kevin Keane. a freshman at (3'3". will
backup the forwards. He is very
strong. and doesn‘t mind contact.
He‘s also got a good outside shot.
Dave Lttnahnn. who was backup
center on last year‘s JV. has im-
proved greatly and could see some
action at forward. Mel Brown is the
backup guard. but bccttusc of the
four. guards in front of him. he
doesn‘t figure to see mttch action.
I’m-season scrimmage!

'l'he Dunes scrimmaged Hartford
College and MC. Though they out-
scored- their opponents in botlt
games. it is difficult to evaluate
Albany‘s performance because the
other teams were doing a great dettl
of experimenting. Doc willbe able to
get a better gauge when his team
faces Colgate in a scrimmage Sun-
day.

these three. some other schools
Albany will face are Dartmouth
(Dec. 7). Cortland (Dec. ll).
Fairleigh Dickenson (Jun. 2|) and
.W. l‘ost (Feb. 8). Albany‘s main
competition in the SUNYAC's
should come from Potsdam. 0s-

Iset yeere' 12-! mark. Among the returning veterans are
Lorry Mime. Rudy tho. and unnie tllon. The Crawlers open their season at home. December 1.
versus MM. and Dartmouth.

Albany is in the tough SUNY con-
fcrence. Buffalo State. Brockport
and Oncontu appear to be the cott-
fcrcnce favorites. Potsdam. last
year‘s conference champs. should be
weakened by the graduation of Mike
Deunc.

Highlighting the 74-75 schedule is
rival Sicnu College. The Danes have
the uucuvyublc task of facing the
highly rated Indians twice at Sicn‘s
new field house. liurtwick College.
who played ill last year's New York
State Regiouttis. should provide
equally tough cotnpctition.

'l’hc Danes open their season at
New I’altz. December 4. and then
return hoinc the following Saturday
to face Cortland College. “I don‘t
know how good we are." said
Snuers. adding. “We are capable of
beating anyone".

wego. llrockport. and Cortland.

in the ttrcn of tournament cont-
petition. the Danes will travel to
lloston over the Christmnn holidays
for the Massttchuscltcs Institute of
'l'echnology Tournament. At the end
of the year. there is the SUNYAC
Championships at ()ucontu. New
York State invitational tttR.l.'l'.nnd
the NCAA Division 11! finals at
John Carroll University in
Cleveland. Ohio.

()nc loss over the summer that
hurt Albuny wus tltnt of Walter
Kat/u He decided not to return to
school. thereby leaving a weak spot
in tile “8 lb. cluss. Other then tltut.
prospects look strong down the line.
In the middle rttngc (ISO-IN) a real
battle is developing as to who will
wrestle.

“We've got dcptit from l5i) on up
in ease of injuries." revealed liehe.
‘which is going to make the person
wrestling really tough. because We
have wrestle offs to see who'll go.
We're going to have to work. We
won‘t be able to loaf a hit.“

As of now. the preseason outlook
is definitely a bright one. and we
won‘t have to wait long to see how
good it actually is. The wrestling
team opens its season Saturday.
December 7 versus R.P.l. and Dart-
mouth ut the gym.

M) 

r

 

 

u
~-

(Al’) A storm combining raging winds. snow. sleet and icy
ruin hit the clotern pttrt of the notion Monday. disrupting
schools. business. and travel from the Great Lakes to the Atlan-
iIC C oust.

Schools closed in New York and New Ettglundttruvelers were
stranded in Maryland. I’ansylvnniu. Michigan and Ohio: and
businesses shut down in Detroit. Numerous power outages
were reported in New England. .

In New York. heavy snow warnings were forward for the
western part of the state. I’t‘ttttesvillc. in the Catskill Mountains.
had eight inches of snow early Monday. Winds gusting at '40
miles an hour accompanied the storm which gained momentum
through the day. . ' ‘

The storm left up to a foot oi snow in Pennsylvania. closed a
section of the Turnpike and isolated the‘cotttititittity of
Somerset. 'I'elephone service to thousands of residents was
knocked out in Westntorlttnd and Fayette counties.

(iov. Marvin Mundcl of Maryland ordered Nationalaunrd
units to assist in clearing two feet of wet snow hlttnketing the
western pull of the state.

Police spokesmen said they feared about 2.000 motorists
were stranded. v

 

 

