  

      
        
           
    

     
 
  
 
  
 
   

ives on Englanh

perspect

~ . Working
In London

by Robin Solomon

There are two things ofwhich every Albany student should
become aware: One is that Albany. representative as it may or
may not be of a “typical” city. is not the world; two. that all the
world is not encased in womblike communities of academia.
The first seems not too difficult. as more and more affluent
American students are spending their summers traveling and
discovering the world. The second is a bitharder.bccause nine
months of each year are spent with thousands of pcoplejust like
you. swarming to and from programmed fifty minute slots of
education. Perhaps the realization ofthe first made the decide to
spend my junior year abroad. and the consideration ofthc other
made me choose a program which released me from the restric-
tions of a regular university environment. Icltose Empire State
College in London. which is based on the concept that practical
experience is valid as a form of education.

Arriving in London without the security of housing already
provided.could now almost jokingly be referred to as the initia-
tion rite to Empire State College‘s form oflearning experiences.
Flat-hunting in an unknown city lets you learn about thatcity in
a way untouched upon by tourist packages. Within days you
become aware ofthe personalities ofdiffcrent regions in the city.
that you wouldn‘t want to live in Soho. that Earl‘s Court is the
(ireenwich Village of London. and that Hampstcad might be
priced too exclusively for your budget. You learn very quickly
that III pounds a week rent is not I0 dollars. and that central
heating is a luxury of “spoiled Americans.“

the most excitirtg thirtg however. was meeting people. I
found that stereotyped ‘stufl'y‘ British people were really quite
friendly and helpful. I lived in a large house with seven other
people including a German Osteopathist and a Welsh Playboy
Bunny. and exchanged stories of country customs and ideas.
attd shared similarities as well as differences. My days were
spent at galleries and lectures. theatres and museums. meeting
people. discovering traditions. tea and the Pub.

IK HJM‘

 

Through The Foggy Looking Glass

“What. The Diekens?” She Asked.

"But what of school,“ my traditional habits asked. I was to
learn that school meant drawing up a contract that set objectives
and allowed any approved means of pursuing those objectives.
For me. with an interest in I9th century British novel and a little
luck and some persuasion. that meant getting a job as a tour
guide at the Charles Dickens Museum and using that asa mode
of accomplishing one objective. I remember the first day and
how nervous I was to conclude my tour and ask for any
questions. and felt my knees shaking as one man said yes.
“You‘re certainly not British are you?“ he asked. and I laughed
when I realized how obviously American I was. I worked in the
Dickens Library. helping researchers. doing indexing. and
found myself getting lost in the shelves’of old clippings and
Dickens memorobilia. This also led me to membership in the
Dickens Fellowship. where I met litany interesting people all
with a common interest in Dickens.

Aitotltcr objective was to learn about the British social welfare
system. I becarnea social workerand I was given families to visit
arid to work with. This exposed me not only to social work. but
to forms of government agencies and policies as well as to people
of all classes in London.

l was not unique. Other people in the program found their
own learning experiences. One got a job at the Tate Gallery.
others with law centers and social service agencies — the
possibilities were only as limited as the ability to think of a way
to achieve the goals set up in your contract.

I was curious about British universities. and so enrolled in a
Slurkespearc class. I was amazed at how much the students
looked and acted like American students.

During this year as a student.yct not beinga student. I felt ex-
posed to sortie of the most intense forms of education.

Needless to say the structured time didn‘t interfere with the
educational time. I learned Australian slang and how to cook
curries. I went home with a friend to Ireland fora week and lived
in a tltrce hundred year old farmhouse. which to her was just
home. aitd to me was older than New York.

But perhaps most significant was the realization that educa-
tion need not take place in a classroom and that by traditionally
separating education from life. by putting it into blocks of fifty
rnirurtes on specier days. one tends to lose sight of much of the
cducatiort that life itself has to offer.

 

 

 

A Semester
In England

by Ellen Baskin

Having been hit in September of ‘72
with what had to be the Worst case of
Sophomore Slump on record. I knew
something had to be done to rescue me
from my second-year-of-college-dcpths-
of-depression blttcs. I came to the
brilliant conclusion that my doldrums
had to be either my fault or Albany‘s. And
after hasty sophomoric analysis I ac-
quitted myself. convicted-SUNYA.and
handed down the sentence of exile for
myself.

I wasn’t quite sure about where to go:
all I knew was that I had to leave Albany.
My first impulse was to transfer. but that

was too complete and traumatic a move.
Next. I thought of going on a visiting stu-
dent program to another of the State Un-
iversities. but then I decided that any of
those campuses would be too much like
Albany to constitute a significant move. I
had known there was an International
Studies Office on campus (that comes
from faithful freshman guide reading).
but never having been able to completely
conquer the podium. it took me a few
Uttys to track it dowrt. The office is in the
Social Sciences building (room 262).
Within a few minutes of getting there. I
had gone through a book full ofprogrums
and narrowed myself down totbree; not
too hard a decision. as most overseas
programs are for language majors. and
I‘m an English major. Although all the
programs offered by International
Studies fell under the auspices ofSU NY.
only a few were centered in Albany. so I

had to write to some other campuses for
information. Soorr I was faced with a
number ol ratltcr standardized
applications which asked for my vital
statistics. three recommendations. and a
paragraph about why I wanted to study in
Europe. I sent to every school the same
rather standardized paragraph abotrt
desiring to expand myaurdemic horizons
arid enrich my perceptions of the world. I
don‘t think I cortvinccd urtyorre of
anything beyond my ability to use the
thesaurus.

'l he months passed. I managed to con-
tinue to survive through the Slurnp.‘corn-
forting myselfwith the fervent prayer that
my days in Albany were numbered. Then
in April I found out that I‘d been accepted
as a member of the SUNY Consortium at
the University of Nottingham in England
for my entire .lunior year. It was a

continued on fir/liming page

 

   

PAGE 6P

   

ALBANY STUDENT. PRESS

SEPTEMBER 24, 1974

continued from preceding page

program designed for English majors
(what could be more appropriate?) I‘d
heard it was one of the "better" programs
in that it was pretty well-organized on an
academic level. I later found out that all
that meant was that it was hard. Fool that
l was. I honestly believed then that l was
going to England to dcvotedly study
Eighteenth Century English literature.

Departure date was set for September
28th. My summer was spent in nervous
anticipation and speculation. I was going
to England alone; my family and friends
were taking me to the airport. but once
through Passport Control I was on my
own. There was another person from
Albany on the Nottingham prograrn~~a
girl I knew vaguely from an English
class--—one of the inrttrmerablc people
with whom I‘d exchange a quick “hi
liowarcyouthat‘sgoodl‘mtine see you“ if
we passed on the podium. I suppose
Sylvie and I had to be friendly with one
another: after all. we had to share all cor-
respondences with the Office at home.
atrd we were the only members of the
Albany delegation. But I would rather
have considered our fricndsltip to have
been fated. We walked on to the plartc
together and were with cacti other con-
stantly froru then on. I don‘t know what I
would lurvc done without her. I‘ve been
told that it wasabsu rd to travel 3000 miles
just to make friends with someone from
Spring Valley. httl it was worth it.

the Consortium group (twenty SUNY
refugees from all over the state) flew to
London together and were met at
llcathrow by the Arucricart director of
the program. We had a chartered bus to
take its tip to Nottingham. and on the way
there (a three-hour ride). Sylvie and I
took iii the surroundings while exchang-
rng Irlc stories. liycrything seemed so
small; I remember we wanted to take the
cute little houses and put them in our
pockets. It was a three-quarter si/ed
world; one which soon ceased to appear
so strange By May the sight at a Cadillac
was frighteningly overwhelming.

I spent rrurch ol my stay in lingland try-
ing to adjust to all the dillcrcnccs in life
style. lhc weirdest part of all was bcirtg
considered a foreigner, As an inter-
national student. I became a member of
the University‘s Overseas Student
Bureau. lhcrc I met people from Nigeria.
Chile. and Greece. Io rtrc they were the
truly intermitioual students. I ncycr was
lullyI able to accept my status as an alien.
even though I carried around a small
green registration pamphlet that es-
tablished me as such (in addition. of

SEPTEMBER 24, 1974

  

course. to the unavoidable stigma of
Americanism every time I opened my
motrth). It really is true that Americans.
especially American women. can be
recognized immediately. I honestly can‘t
figure out all the subtle devices for this.
httt l Itave learned one thing: only
American women wear straight-leg
dungarccs (not to mention the familiar
orangeworkboots!).Watch out.in suchan
outfit an American can be spotted. and
subsequently pursued. from a mile away.
I‘d found out I was itt for something titt-
ique when. in August. (being still in New
York). I received a formidable looking
letter informing rue that I‘d been accepted
lor residence there. It wasn‘t trtrtil ruonths
later I learned that warden wasjust a fun-
cy bureaucratic word (lrow the British
love anything that‘s bureaucratic!) for
dorm director.
the ltalls at Nottinghatn were a mix-
ttrrc of Albany‘s downtown dorms and
the uptown low-rises. the older ones hav-
ing lovely wooden furniture arid bigger
rooms. the more modern ones being more
stylistic and impersonal. and all having
toilet facilities at the end of a communal
corridor. Each university student lras his
own room. as it is presumed that by the
time one gets to attend the university.one
is entitled to one‘s privacy. llcrc lies what
appeared to me to be the greatest
paradox. So much emphasis is put on
priyacy and the maturity of the student
once he reaches the university level. and
yet each hrtll had a Icnghty booklet of
rules. the can-do and the cannot-do type.
“me were two co-cd halls in Not-
tingham. the rest were rather rigidly split.
with the lerualc residences being on one
srdc of the campus. arid the males at good
hall-mile away. Men were not permitted
or women‘s dorms between the hours MS
and ‘) A.M. Ilrat may seem absurdly ar-
bitrary (and it usually was) btrt I know of
people who were thrown otrt ol' the hall
because a strange looking individual
might have been sccrt Icayring Willoughby
tor a 9:00 class. Atrd I can remember be-
ing rudely awakened for a 7 A.M. I'ir‘c
til'lII. \\ltcrc attendance was takclr. It
seems one wasn't to sleep otrt of one‘s
room. it took too much time away from
onc‘s studies. No one will an be able to
conymce rue that that drill was lor safety
measures, Btrt it wasn‘t always that bad.
[he beds in Nottingham were similar to a
box spring. unlike SllNYA‘s standard
5 army cots .whieh made it possihlcto trike
} oll tltc top mattress. unscrew the legs off
the hottorn part (there was no frame) and
come up with a lairly acceptable. im-
promptu double bed. Where there's a will
(or at ('ltarlcs. Neil or Andrew) there‘s a
way,

    
  

I
Lu Alum—ht

‘;':t::::!'»\7ll||lll|

rut-tinny ‘—

    

Luckily.l lived in one of the more
lenient lurlls. where the warden (general-
ly) acknowledged the cxistcnce of one‘s
social life. But friends of mine 'didn‘t all
have such good fortune. In one hall. the
clcatting women were called down to see
the warden every so often. to report on
whose bed seemed slept in and by whom.
And there‘s a legend around the Not-
tingham campus about the fugitive that
was shot by a watchful warden while try-
ing to escape through a windowdurittga
lire drill.

|l you‘re planning a trip to England.
don‘t go expecting to find a land of
culinary delights. After a few weeks in
hall I began to think back longineg on
such Albany dclicacicsas beel'tips in wine
sauce and American chop strcy. If I never
see another potato again. be it mashed.
boiled. or the too-familiar “chip” it will he
too soon. Now I know why the Irish patt-
ickcd so when the potato crop failed. It
would be like denying Americans their
McDonald's.

Like all university facilities
cycrywhcre. the Nottingham dorruitorics
had their contingencies. these being es-
pecially troticcublc to mcas l was so attac-
ctistomcd to (and anxiotts to observe)
anything British. I‘llalways remcmbcr'thc
horridly bland meals (my stomach will
neycr let the forget them!) and the night
porter who kept watch over the lobby
front It I’.M. until2 A.M. (no male was
allowed tocntcr uncscortcd after I I). But
those all fall under the categoron things
“we‘ll laugh about someday.“ although
we did even get in a few laughsat the time.

()n the other hand. the Iinglish way of
durrn Itlc offers some things that would
make the resident Albanyan cringe with
envy. Aside from haying my own room.
which was at least as big as most Albany
doubles. my garbage was picked up out-
srtlc my door ct cry morning. it fresh bot-
tle ol milk tlor my daily collccand4 |’.M.
lea) delivered to my room daily. arrtl (cat
yotrr heart otrt State Quad) my room was
cleaned lor me once a w cck. All this. and
three meals (I) a day for just 300 pounds.
wlrrch came otrt to $720 for the Yanks.
ISA take note.

I could go on irrdclrnitcly about the lit-
tlc things that embarrassed and startled
the met the year: how I totrrrd ottt a
bathroom is a place where one goes ex-
clusiycly to bathe; how. when someone
says “knock me up at 9“ it ruearts they
want to be AWAKIENEI) at that hour;
my surprise when I found otrt that
Yorkshire pudding isjtrst a small. semi-
stale pancake. lhesc and many more are
tltc line pornts that will always make my
memories of lingland e\oke fondly
reminiscent smiles.

   
 
  
 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

       

-

 

 

 

 

