 

 

..*‘

 

 

 

 

 

ﬂ  . .

 

 

 

, M... \..,.....v.....

,ttrosnim leadtnl
Science in m. _ r
n Frank Kolmin. director of
(graduate programs in accounting.
reports that theprogrant has been es-
tablished for the primary purpose of
a serving eligible candidates who now
hold a bachelor degree in such
atademic areas» the humanities.
the social and physital sciences.
mathematics. and engineering who
want to prepare themselves forentry
into the accounting profession.
Students without prior training in
accounting or business administra-
ltttn will be expected to finish'the
course sequence in a maximum time
of four semesters (5'! credit hours).
qualitying upon receiving the degree
_to take the first three weeks of the
UP tit'icd Public Accountants exa
minit tion.i
Aticr a year of experience with a
publit- atcounting lirm. the fourth
and last part of the examination can
be taken. the sucoml'ul candidate

' rain critic considerable interest;

' a bi e c t
concentrated nature oi the course se-
quence. the curriculum lends‘its'elf

program has been instituted ass but to full-time study.

,Inquiries may be made at the Of-

A‘ ‘ ‘ enterin the
by . lice of the Dean. School of Basilica.

Ethiopians Visit SUNYA;

Discuss Legislatures

Seyfe Tadesse. Spatker top the EthiopiarfChamber of Deputies. ha- been,

visiting the Comparative Developmentstudies Center (CDSC) at State Un-
iversity of New York at Albany for seminars and discussions on means of
strengthening legislatures.

Speaker Tadesse is accompanied by the legal aklvitor to Dtﬁlhiopiﬂn.

Legislature. Ato Beide Melaku, and they have joined seniorvstalf directors
from the Lebanese Parliament. Abdullah Bahlawan and Ali Jafar. In addi-
tion to the seminars on campus. C DSC is coordinating visits by the group to
Ghorgia. Florida. Washington. .C.. and Connecticut'for meetings with
American legislative leaders.

The recent unrest in Ethiopia has resulted in a considerable shift of power
from Emperor Haile Selassie to the Parliament. SUNYA is assisting the
Parliament in organizing for its increased responsibilities.

The Lebanese Legislature currently is undertakings major re-organization

and increase in staff. Mr. Bahlawan. director ofthe Commission .for lntemal v

Organiuttion. has been at SUNYA to study the organization and staff ser-
vi " which exist in American state legislatures.

 

9130138 Bﬂfﬂﬁﬁﬂiﬂ

 

V_QEB@

e «at
tlfallttir

 

. ll Pitiii iiilii iii lithitiltittllaii lilitiliiill
titliiillaiiii liiillatlii iiihiii tilt lititliilii

"""llttlti itiiii

M40

 

LC. 18

 

FridoyMoy3 7&10'
SaturdoyMoy4 78-10

$.25 with tax card $1.00 without
tickets go on sale ON! hour before each show.

Sunday May 5 8:00

 

 

JERUSALEM (AP - secrﬂlryvof Stateil'ienr'yl A; Kissinger held three

rounds of talks with Premier Golda Meir'sl|1\t¢'|‘“}_em Thursday in union
end the lighting on the Syrian front. but Israeli ofﬁcials reported no pmng

: n ‘ Kissingertal‘so indicated that raging artillery and air ﬁghting was hamper.

ing his peace etl'orts. “Webelieve the-neftistions would work best it mm
was no pressure. by either side, and particularly if military actions were
stopped: Kissinger told newsmen. I

Israel‘s military command reported‘Syria'n artillery and rockets blazed
across the cease-lire line for the 52nd day. and said Israeli jets spread the at,
war into Lebanon, attacking Arab guerrilla! on the slopes of Mt. Hermon,

It said Israeli long-range artillery pounded Arab positions deep inside
Syria. hitting two unidentified targets at towns within nine miles of
Damascus.

Emerging from a two-hourconferencqwith Israel's top cabana ministers
and the military chief of staff, Kissinger said they are lclarifying elements of
the possibilities of disengagement."

But information Minister Shimon Peres who sat in on the discuhsionwid
no progress was made in eliminating the conflict in demands by Israel and

Syria.

PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Two federal judges ruled Thursday that three
bankrupt eastern railroads—the giant Penn Central. the Lehigh Viillcy llnd
the Reading—cannot be reorganized on a profitable basis.

They said the lines should become part of a new rail system ordcrcd crcttlcd
by Congress.

U.S. District Judge John P. Fullam. ruling inthe cases ofthc I’enn (‘cnirul
and Lehigh Valley. said the prime issue is whether there is tiny rcttsonttblc
prospect that rail operations “will produce enough net income. soon enough.
to support adequately a realistic recapitalization.“

l‘ullam said his study indicated it couldn‘t be done and that the linc~ “CW
“not rcorgttniznblc on an income basis.“

.ludgc J. William Dittcr Jr.. who is handingthc Reading bankruptcy , cillllc
to it similar conclusion.

“The alternative is Lgt)!gilrti£tlli0ll ttndcr the new rail iict." i)llit'i .itldcd

'l'hat act. passed last year. now'igbciiig challenged in thc cotirn on gt oiintl»
that it is unconstitutional.

NEW YORK (AP) - one 0" the ltlrgcsl Hum transmission liriitx lll iilL‘ n.»
tion was accused Thursday of servicing scored of sutomtthilcs \\l[i1 ooh-n
parts.

Hooked on charges of criminal possession of stolen property .ind .tilL'lCli
vehicle identification numbers were Charles George. 54. president .ind board
chairman of Lee Myles Automatic 'l'rnnsmissions. and Alex (ll‘tlllllttlllii\_ l-l,
tired three weeks ago its operations manager for the firm.

Lcc Myles operates cight transmission shops. and il’llllcillsch ‘5 ItiilL‘i\ til
the United States and l’ucrto Rico. Police said none of tlic train-hm ~|ltt|h
were involved iii what was described as an ttndcrworid supply tvpt‘lttlmll

Authorities said the car theft ring which supplied engintw .tutl
transmissions for SI ll) each was “the largest in New York lintory " I in path
were said to have bccn worth $500 to SL200.

Police culimcd at least 60 stolen transmissions and cngitlc~ our ltmml m
the Lee Myles plant at Mttspctli;Quccns.and another it) locuit-tl lililt' \\t'lL'
belicvcd stolen. it is the head-quarters of the noiil'ritiichise UPL‘l-HWH

WAS” INC i0N (AP) - President Nixon gained it xix-day \iL'i.|\ ltiot ~tl.n
in his light against it Watergate subpoena. and ti ptincl ol t.'\p&'li\ \llti ~i ntll
prcscnt another rcport Saturday on the l8 [.2 minute gap tn .i L'ltit ...t \\ ltili'
llotisc tape.

A sweeping subpoena issued against Nixon by litt.‘ \\ .ituigui. owl-Ii
prosecutor httd been due Thursday morning. btit US thorn-i t uni: lodgi-
John J. Siricti gttvc lawyers additional time to filc hricfs and wt .i ilt'.tli|l}l ii.th
alter the White House pctitioncd the court to quash the subpoena

lnri brief session with lttwycrs iii the Watergate cm cr-iip tune illlli \\|itlr
llottsc attorneys, Sirica gave them ttntil next Monday to liic illl.\\\t'l\ to [in
White House motion and set a liciiring for Wednesday.

WASl'HNUlON (AP) - Former milk~producer lobbyist ltoh \ ilii\ n
quoted in court papers its saying his boss told him catniptiig donutinin \wa
pliidgcd to President Nixon "in conjunction with the [WI price output!" I“-
crease.

the statement is the ﬁrst to be attributed to a'dniry coopcrutnr olllt'hll
alleging it link between Nixon's order to raise federal milk prltIL' mppuii» In
W“ and thcdairymcn‘s promises ofttp to l2 million in caiinpiiign tit'llJlIl‘ll‘

ln il White llousc'statctiient last January. the President hpCClilt‘Jih tit'iliUli
thttt ltc ordcrcd prices increased in return for campaign money, He iontnlcil
"ml "traditional pulitiCttl coinidcmtions" plitycd il purl Ill tin doth..." to
override the Agriculture Department‘s desire to kccp pflt‘cs SiL'.lki\

NEW YORK (AP) - l‘wo more broadcast news specials ilft.‘ coining “t‘ 1““

weekend on the controversial cditcd transcripts of President \|\""l‘ "Hm!
conversations with key Watergate figures.

(ltne of the Show. on NllC~TV late Saturday night. will run 9t) lllllllliL"- llk'
longest by lot of network news specials on the transcripts. C its uirmi A” W”
new: special Wednesday night. while ABC‘s version l‘hursda)’ "'13" "‘" 'm
minutes.

llut the NBC undertaking is a small bite of air time Colllpttfcti “till it
marathon 32-hour session on the transcripts that the Wushiiitélt‘“ “Nd
National Public Radio system is offering.

NPR. which serves [64 public radio stations. says virtually 11” PM” with
of the transcript President Nixon submitted the House jttdiciur)‘ C""““”"”
will be read aloud on the air.

‘NPRs rcad-tt-thon commences at it am EDT Saturday and Ctllllllltlt’h Um“

midnight. with the same schedule for Sunday. NPR Sui-“-

 

PAGE rwo

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

/

FRIDAY. MAY 3, 1974

 

lrti Birnbaunt: “I will try..." twin-ici-

Birnbaum’s Margin ls F
Takes indian, State, Art

by hunt-y Alltaugh

lru liii'nbuttm will he the next
Viccel’t'csidcnt ol Student Associa-
lion.

Alter thc \Vtix-liirtibtiunt runoff.
litrithzitiitt ptillcd tthcttd with 560
votes. nhilc \ttix held 430 votes.

(in winning. llii'nhutttn was sur-
prised:

"I am looking it)l'\\‘ttl’d to it good
yciir ol work with Pal. I am rclicvcd
tltt the campaign is it“ over . I give
appreciation illlLi thanks to everyone
who ililS assisted me iii the campaign.
I will do my best next year to bring
Alttiiiiii Quad itiid the coiiitiiutcrs
back into lltc University. for their
hcticltt llllti lor the bcticl‘it of Up-
town its well.“

The “$64 Answer” Gets 5

the breakdown was:

Ilirnhuum \\ ax
Commuters 54 (i5
littliutt HI (i‘)
Stine W (is
Colonial til LU
Dutch (to 70
Alttiiitii [49 Zn

In last week's clcclion. Wail had
llltll't.‘ than 44%, of the votc74ll. llirn-
hittiiit httt_l 2(1‘.(yttbotit4(tll. The run-
ol‘l was required because one person
needs 5001', of the vote. plus one vote
over that to win a simple majority.

In the first election. Wax held
every quttd cxccpt Alumni. generally
considered liirnbauni‘s stronghold.

by Carl Hudson

Pat Curran. after his impressive
victory last week has been very busy
since then becoming familiar with-
SA operations and . meeting the
many administrators. faculty. staff.
students and people outside the Uti-
ivcrsity that an SA President must
know.

He was elected with almost 54 per
cent of the vote and won every quad
by a large margin.

President-elect Curran has plans
to meet with Mayor Coriting. some
University administrators and
A lhtiny municipal groups like Sciiittr
Citizens about the recently proposed
law limiting the numbcrol'unrchitcd
persons who can live in the some
dwelling.

Curran gttvc prcscnt SA president
Stcvcticrbcrti three page list ol'whttt
he wants to learn ~(ict'bcr will tidd
to the list.

Cut-run is also thinking about HP-
ptiiitltucuts. and will be looking for
non-Scouts members to fill iltti\crsi-
ty Sciititc Cotittcil positions.

llc hits appointed Stu Simon
Director ol the planned off-cuntptts
student co-op and the co-op will
hopclitlly be in operation early in the
lull.

ourteen Percent

d Alumni Quads

But. iii the run-oft Wax lost both-

State and Indian. its well as Alumni.
to liirnbituin

lnvulidatioii of the election iscon-
ccivttblc. because of publicity and
pollwtitcliing irregularities.

There are also some odds and ends
to he dctilt with: Campus Center of-
licc space for SA groups (to reduce
the present squeeze). getting one of
the Ctllttiy,§tltill machine looms in
the middle of the Campus Center its
an SA gricvencc office. and some
subjects brought up by students who
have already come up to the SA of-
fice with complaints or problems.

that kind of accessibility was lln im-
portttitt issue to most of the can-

l'at ('urratt:

didritcs in this year‘s SA electionsi ‘ i i

the I’rcsidcnteiilcct was no excep-
tion. “ ‘

Director of FSA Norbert Zahm
and University President Louis
Hone/ct both sent letters of con-t
grutultttions to Mr. Curran.

Iii Zithm‘s letter the FSA Director
said that lie was pleased witha “aim-
ptiigtt resulting in the confidence of
your constituents.“ .

' es to go...“

Gregory Urges Student involvement

by liolt Mayer

Addressing ‘tl group of 400
students in thy: gym Monday night.
Dick Urcgoryt. black social satirist.
commedian, and former presidential
candidate urged students to get in-
volved in changing society bcfprc it
was too late.

(ircgory. whose political wit has

carried him rcspcctubli ty from tllillly
corners repeatedly told the audience
lilill. “you youngsters got a job to
do." '

ill the speech. which lasted over llll
hour and it half. the spcttkcr touched
oii topics ranging from Watergate
too the human body‘s inability to
digest meat.

4% Vote

Through Highly Organized Campaign

by Daniel (ittittcs

l'tit Ctlrrzin‘s tiiuti/iiig fifty-four
pcrccttl victory was no itccidcnt.
lichind ltiiti was llll extremely
tlcdtcutcd group 0 workers and
enthusiastic supporters. llis ctint-
pitiin munitger. (‘hris Aidtiti. coor-
diititlctl llll cliihot'titc system of qtuid
covcrngc llllti dit'cct pCI'Mtlltti cott-
ttict. Chris is Vice-Cliitirpcrsoit of
l’lliii tit SUNYA.

llic cutnptiigti pitt emphasis on
booi-to-d our canvassing. having Put
iiicct lib many people its possible?“
showed that l’tit cared enough to go
otit to tltc students who are paying
tltc$h4tttid to titlk to them." Sllyb‘
ctu-is, "We liiid posters to stay cvcii:

FRIDAY. MAY 3. 1974

both Pitt and l Iccl that ilii iotcrs
should get to kitou the candidates.
lhtit's \vhttt \vc ll‘icti to do and that's
what democracy is it“ about."

Pitt and Chris discussed idol of
lssllCh'. lhc results of their talking
were well-constructed ideas that
l'utlii)’ inudc sense. l‘or cxaintplc. ill
the ASP-WSUA lortim ilt.‘ said: “in-
volvciitciit and participation are very
important but you don‘t have a
government for the \thC of lutvingtt
govcriiuieiit...thc main thing is to ur-
mutplit/t."

Clii'ii; scheduled Pitt very tightly
for almost tl full month before the
election. Putdid diitncrlitics.\vciit to

every Ii'titcriiityitiid soriority. Spoke 10

till tltc quad boards and to other
groups on campus.

Keeping l'ut oii schedule was not
always easy; when 'l'iii stayed at it
Central Council meeting into the
wee hours ol the morning he had no
sympathy lrotn Chris when the
campaign intiiuigcrwokc ltim uptttid
got liiiiiottt to meet incoming coin-
outlets.

in no way. liowcvcr. did Chris or
anyone else control l’ut. As Chris
says. “ovcriill. Ptit Ctti'rtui was Pat
('lll'l‘illl. III: was the best person for
tlicjoh. All I did was 3th its tl "kick in
thc punts” 

Chris and Lew l‘idlct' handled lit-
tililll Quttd. \vltcrc Pitt did best
(almost 70' i ol'thc vote )Sttitc Quad
was under the direction of Ellen
Singer. Arthur Mulkin (now l'lltti
Chuinpcrsoii). tlllti Dennis Esposit.
State was bcstlt'ovcrcd.

Colonial Quad was handled by
Dave .loss. l‘ltcy got started it little
lute hut l'ait nus still tltirly points
tilicnd ofliis itciit'cst rival thcrc. l'otiy
l’ci'c/ handled Dutch ~ttll bttt two
dorms nere Ctl\c|’cd. David Coyiie.
.litn Shed ttttd Glcti Verdi did most
ol tltc canvassing on Alumni Quad
tltciiiscltcs. hitting almost every
doriit.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

(ircgory ttild tlic rttciully mixed
iltlliicllCC thtit for blacks. white
youngsters were it “breath of fresh
air“. Noting that old white l'olkstold
us nothing btit lies. (.ircgory remark-
cd that in ii society that is so"tnorally
bankrupt." its child ren were the only
voice to prevent the destruction of
thiit society. “You‘re the only moral
force left". he cilcd.

Culling white young people the
new “nigger”. be challenged the
white students to believe otherwise.
Hc i'cfercd to the treatment whitc
student rebels received when they so
vehemently opposed the war years
back. Gregory said that the signs for
white youngsters don't read “No
Niggers": now they read "No
btirufcct tillowcd“.

«(ire-gory. who in recent years has
rcltised to cut any food that comes
directly from live animals. spoke
vigoroust against the practice of in-
gesting things into the body that
violate ntiturc. ‘

He said that eating mcttt.drinking
alcohol, and smoking pot itii con-
tribute to tltcdcstructioii ofthc body
and mind. The tiud icncc appeared to
accept the rap about meat and to a
lesser degree alcohol. but there were
l'cw supporters in the audience ready

continued on page/bur

PAGE THREE

 

