 
  

 ' 1' r :
rink  for the third quarterll.
Down lit-l4 ut .the half. the Albany
State football team exploded for 29.
points in the third quarter to smash
Curry 50-23 for their seventh con-
v secutive‘victory without a defeat.

After containing 'l'om DeBlois
and the Danc‘s famous wishbone
offense fairly well in the first
hall'.Curry was unableio control
Albany‘s Orin Griffin and Glenn
Sowalskie at all in the second half.
Griffin scored three touchdowns.
 a down the home stretch and
‘ Sowalskie tallied the other two. as
each contributed an outstanding
gartte to the winning caitse. Coach
hob Ford was very pleased with the
50-point performance and remark-
ed. "Griffin arid Sowrilskie per-
formed very well and our offensive
line did ortc hell of a job!“ Asked
ahotit Curry's lead at halftime. Ford
said. “It just shows you vvltat kind of
a team we have.comirig trout beltind
like tltttf. A good team is riotjitst a
front-runner. btit can hold a lead and
score when behind."

Ford was particularly impressed
by Crirry‘s quarterback. 'I'oirt Fair.
“He was probably the best quarter-
back \vc‘vc laced all year. He moved
the ball well and when ottrdefcnsivc
line started to pill the pressure on. he
dropped a couple of passcsol'l' to his
men in the crease for good yardage.“
lint tltat was only in the first hall.
Curry hardly even touched the ball
in the second ltalf. as Albany turned
the game completer around.

it looked like it was going to heart
easy \ ictory as the Duties scored on
their secotid play. from scrirttmage.
After receiving the kick-off. Dane
quarterback .loltn llcrtuzli liaitded

   

 

  

  
  
    
   
    
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
    
 
  
  
    
     
     
         
        
     
    
       
      
      
      

_......

“My. at: 12am,— , a...“

x .a n’xw— A..—

ards

by George Miller

Fate struck once again Saturday
aftcmoon for the Albany barriers as
they were unable to muster enough
Cross-

liighth Annual Upstate

Country Run.

   
         
   
       
       
      
     
      
      
       
    
   
    
   
      
     
      
    
    
   
     
       
 

   
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
  

depth to come out on top in the '

Chorubtno (MI!) food- to scrutiny. Upltoto Chomplomhlpl

off to Marvin l’crry fora hig‘IJ-yard

gain. then kept the ball himselt‘and

run the keeper around right end l‘or'u
fantastic (12-yard touchdown. The
extra point was good rind Albany led
7-0 after the first qua rter.’

Curry looked very good but their
big scoring threat in the initial period
was snut'l‘edout as Fair threw just
about his only bad pass of the day:
air interception at the Drtne one by
Don Mion. liar the second quarter
was all Curry. I'lie Curry defense,
forced Albany to punt time and
again their dcleitse effectively shut
off the Dane rushing game. Only
liertuui was able to generate any
offense. as he picked tip sortie big
yardage himself on his patented
"keeper play." A two-yard 'l‘D dive

  

 

  

by e Campbell. a 79-yard
kickoff return runbuck by ‘Alan
Williams. and a 25-yard field goal by
Curry‘s Mike Shadduck offset
another Bertuui touchdown (four
yds.) and it was lo-M at halftime.
And then it happened! After the.
Danes had tltc ball three plays. Grif-
Tm swept left for a touchdown. ‘l'hen
Albany recovered a kick-off fumble
on the .12. (irill'in aided by-a key
block from I’cri'y. swept left for
another touchdown. Cummings in-
tercepted a’Ctirry pass on the next
series. A lie'rtuui pass to Sowalskie
over the ittiddlc resulted in the Danes
tltird ll) of the quarter. After Skip
Scurry recovered another Curry
ltiritblc at midfield. Sowalskie took
the hall on first down along the

.Untveraityof New York pat/ghylbqpy‘

      
  

  
 

 

9...... Over cu...y

sidelines for still another TD. And
jiist like that it was 4346.

Curry‘s problem seemed to be a
change of gamc<plan in the second
half. l'ltey keyed on Delilois
originally and forced Bertuzzi to run
with the bull.- while controlling the
ball themselves for most ofthe first
half. ﬂat in the second half. Curry‘s‘
defensive line seemed to be less
aggressive on the outside. opening
up that area for Sowalskic and Grif- '
fin and the wishbone was rolling
once again.

Coach Ford praised his own
defensive liiie for theoutstandingjob
they did in the second half. There
was tremendous pursuit all around
and the constant pressure took its
toll on Fair. Although he did move

John Bertuzzi pitches to Tommy DeBlols ("33) In the Danes Brockporl game.

dge Runners A

The Great Danes had to settle for
second place. and once again it was
l’lattsburgh who did the deed. by
out-running the Danes 28-44. Ofthe
ll team field. Niagara linislicd 3rd
(70). Mitrist 4th (96). and St.
Bonaventure 5th (l37).

 

hi0

 

It wasn‘t a poor meet for Albany.
in fact. it wasa rather strong show-
ing. particularly for the first four
runners. Leading the way for
SUNYA was ctr-captain Vinny Roda
who turned irt art outstanding per-
formance. running a 25:] l.just two
.seconds behind a very tough l-2
l’lattsburglr finish of llruce 'l'eague
rind Brian Dodge. Reda‘s time
jumped hint up to the ftl slot on the
list ofhcst times ttirttcd iii by Albany
State runners. lle shattered the old
record. previously set by Brian
Quinn (25:|4)at the |97l Albany lnv
vitational.

( lrcrttliiiio Fourth

Carlo Clterubino crossed 4th at
25:21. sprinting prist l’ltittsburgh‘s
John Evans in the last few yards.
thereby just ititdgiitg ltint out by one
half step. third for Albany was
Chris liurris. 25:52; and fourth Brian

Davis 25:59 as they captured 7th rind
lith respectively.
A close

runners!
Arthur Needed

the Danes' chances for victory was
the absence of Steve Arthur. Arthur.
although only in his first year. is a
strong. competent runner and is
usually a signiticuni' point getter for

examination of the
Albany times revgals four men under
26:00. This is the first time everthut
Albany has broken the twenty-six
minute barrier with four runners.
while last week was the first timethat
they accomplished it with only three

One drawback that definitely hurt

the varsity. However. he was unable
to compete due to a chest infection.

Presently. the bright spot on
Albany‘s horizon is their winning a
bid to the NCAA Division Ill finals
to be held next weekend. The Up-
states seemed to be an excellent

   

,3»
..

    

. -1 Novembor s, 1974'

r

the ball well. Fair was unable to put
the ball in the end zone. as the Dane

‘dcfcnsc refused to crack. Only a

three-yard Fair 'l'D toss on the last
play of the game averted a second
half shutout.

the Danes scored only once in the
fourth quarter. but it was academic
by that time. Orin Griffin‘s 7l-yard
touchdown romp put the icing on the
cake and closed out the Albany scor-
ing and a fine rushing day. The
Danes amassed 4| l yards on' the
ground compared to only 47 for the
losers. That. was the key statistic as
Fair‘s 23‘)-ya rd passing performance

‘ (2| for 44) was just ciiouglt to stave

otl the Danes. Surprisingly enough.
llertii/Ii led all rusliers with an
atria/ing H4 yards while Griffin
finished with l l5on only live carries.

Coach l‘ord is unsure as to the
effect Albany's \iin will have on its
Lambert lioul ratikiitg bill is not
concerned arid hasalrcady state that
winning and having his personnel
gain experience is his primary objec-
ttic.

lhrs Saturday. Albany pttts its
\\rttnmg streak on the littc as tlicy
ll'tt\L'l to I’latrsburgh tor a | p.nt.
L'riltlL‘sl.

Inasj Iiiirt-

,ast year. the Duties had no
problerris with tltc Cardinals astltey
scored art easy 32-” \ictory at Utr-
i\crsity Field. lwo years ago it wasa
different story. as l’lattsbttrglr upset
the Danes [4-7 iiitd spoiled Albany‘s
rtiidclcatctf season.

“\L‘l'tlll I’lattsbur‘gh holds a J-I
lilctrmc adumtage against the
Danes. All of the contests have becit
marked by touin dclcnsitc play.and
Saturday‘s contest should be no
different.

gain; Redo Sets Marla

primer for the Nationals and the up
coming days of rest should be even
ntore important. A problem could
arise if Arthur isn‘t back in top
shape. but we‘ll have to await further
developments on just what the story
will be.

     

Maraea‘samcmmma:

{thﬁdfb

- .~:;~Wﬂi‘t«)&

    
  
 

   
  

    
  

    
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
    

   

by Daniel Gaines

tlrcrtt Skidmorc. RH. and SUNYA.

erife the jrrdgc affirmed the students‘ rigltt to site. he decided that he had

no right to reverse the decision by SUNY Central.

Iltc rationale behind that decision was based on a view of NYI’I RG as a
"private" organi/tttion which is outside the University. SUNY Central also
cvplained tltat it wasn‘t possible to use SUNY machinery which is State
machinery. to collect even art optional Ice fora privateorgani/atiori. SUNY
Central ptiblic relations head Russ( ittgino. :xplairtcd that the decision didn‘t
concern the desirability of l'lR(i funding. bttt concerned the specific

proposal l’lRti introduced.
l’lRtr at SUNYA r

 

 

G Suit Fairs

Art Albany Countyjudgc dismissed the SUNYA l’lRG (Public Interest
Research Group) suit first Friday. saying that Chancellor Boyer has the'right
to refuse Him the right to solicit funds on students‘ bills.

'l he suit was brought by four SUNYA students on behalf of the 5.000
stridents who signed petitions a year ago which asked that there be a $2.00
voluntary fee on the bill which would go to NYl’IRG. the state-wide group.
to lttitd consumer. environmental. and othcr'public interest rese- rch.

Ralph Nader ltas organired strident-run i'l RG groups in 23 states. Univer—
sities arid colleges all across the state presently belong to NYl’l RG. among

' ed funding as a Student Association group this
tall: l’residcnt llcnczct approved that funding on October 25 alter a seven
\icck delay. llre Administration here was concerned about the effect on the
peitdiiig still the SA funding would have. lienezct signed the Central Council
appropriation when Waller Relilrart. Vice-Chancellor of Legal Affairs.
assured Ilene/ct that the suit arid the SA funding were separate issues arid
tltat the I’IRG plan was within the Board of I‘rttstccs guidelines on use of

 

nuindatory student fees. l’lltti had considered SA l’urtdinga temporary cott-

ditioii.

SUNYA l'lRti Chairperson Arthur M. Malkiit said that the research
group was “considering alternate methods of optional liiiidiiig.“

l’l Rt: at S UN YA is using the money from SA to fund their consumer pro-
iccts: this inclirdes buying legal and other services from NYl’l RG. There is no
significant difference betwccit the use of the money under the prescitt system
and what would ltavc been under a volutttary littc on the student bill.
However. there would be more money front a line systcnt.

Albany Politics Trendless;

by Richard Nordwind

You didn‘t have to be a weatherman to see which way
the wrnd blew on election night. Democrats wereswept
into office nationally with the force of a tornado - biit
on a local level it was more difficult to obtain a straight
rcaditig.

Some local Democrats were carried iitto office on the
Cat‘cy-Krttpsak bandwagon. others were rtot. Some
Republicans were hurt by the stigma of Watergate and
recession. others were not. Ibis area has never been
known to follow national political trends. (Albany and
I my for instancc.\vcitt heavily for Mctiovern irt ‘72)and
this year was no exception.

lit a region where Democrats olten sound more cori-
servatii c tliait Republicans. lltc most noticeable political
trend was the lack of orte. Politicians were reslitrfl'led.
and some were retired at an early age; but generally. after
all tltc changes. Capitaland politics looks more or less the
same.

In Congress:

.‘A‘Ili Instr/cl One of the few dramatic clecdon up-
sets was gained here. as lidward l’attison. l.)cm.~l..ib..
dclcatcd scven term Cotth ssman Carlton King. A let'-
\cnl ntilitriry-ittiiidcd conservative. Kiiig ltad voted for
appropriations for tile Vietnam War when it was just a
glint itt Dwight Liscnhower‘s eyes .attd iti his prime. ltad
been a powerful force iit Congress. It was obvious to all.
however. that King was well past his prime this time.
(Rumors said that King ltad suffered a stroke last year.
htit the candidate vigorously denied it.)

More than his politics. or his health. the pt'esccttcc of
King‘s son-in-law on hisCongrcssioiial staff. at tltc corti-
fortable salary of'SJJJlOO a year. guaranteed ’attison‘s
victory. l’ost Watergate morality and all that ’ttttisonis
a young moderate liltcral;\vlto'sitot this year]. and lie ltit
hard at King's finances. King‘s defcitsc of Nixon dtiriitg
Watergate. and ltis ultt'a-conscrvative politics.

Despite a large Republican majority in the district.
l’atiison won handily. Now Carlton King can get the rest
lie so richly deserves.

Jill/t District Saitr Sti‘atton again. iii a landslide. So
what else is new‘! His Republican opponent. Wayne
Wagner. was titi economist who favored drastic govern-
riicnt cuts to end inflation. liut Strrittori knew that
Defense contract jobs to (t, 2..not economic theoricswin
elections. Unce again Strattotr. looking more like a
Marlboro Country cowboy than ever. was proved cor-
reel.

to the Statehouse:

Nine out of ten Assembly seats in the area went to

 

by David Shaffer

(Al’) l'ltc Democrats have wort
effective control of New York State
govern merit forthc first time irt more
than 30 yea rs and are now faced with
two interrelated questions: eral
will they do with it'.’ And cart they
keep it:

Cooke Wins

Republicans. So rttucli for Hugh Carey's coattails.
Albany‘s lottt lirown was the lone Democrat elected.
but some Republicans expected to win casin were givcit
tough fights by their Democratic challengers.

l‘i‘ed l‘ield. Republican incumbent front (ittilderland
had a surprisingly tough race with Altamoiil Mayor.
William Aylward. In t roy."\cil Kellclter won crisin over
furl lvlc|)onotigh. an ttttdistingtiisltcd Democrat. ltoth
candidates had been dismissed as “lackluster arid urt-
qualified" by the local press.

When ll comes to being qualified. no man find a better
record tliiinCornelttis Ryan. Democratic contender for
the State Scitatc lll chiisclaci courtly. against incum-
bent Douglas lludson. lltrougltout a dismal campaign
Ryan astounded the \otcrs “till his ignorance on tltc
[\SllUS. Yet ltc came close to dclcatiitg llitdsoti on lites-

 

day.

Carl ltlllllL‘_\'. \rlto attained notoriety last year Ill his
narrow defeat to lzr'astirsL'orningin the ntayorality race.
lost again. lhis tiitic the Helm was lloward Nolattina
contest for State Senator. Nolan stressed louhcy's ties to
big business and the rich. and his own independence
to gain a very tight \ictoi‘y.

lii local races:

So close new tire races for \lhtttl) Count) DA
and lrcasurcr that the roles have already been irri-
poititd ed by the lioar‘d of lzlectrons. in preparation for a
recount. l his perhaps. an offshoot of the years when the
AlbanyDcritocraticmachine would encourage voters to
be extra good citi/cns and vote several times for their
candidate.

At this point _ Republican-Independent lheresa
Cooke leads Jack liarncr by 977 votes. Republican
Smith leads Democrat Sol (ireenberg by 222 votes. Both
races are being contested.

Several weeks itgo. ait citsy Siitttlt victory was forecast
for tltc DA race. llien (irecitbci'g stepped tip his cant-
paigu. charging Smith with Ctlttcullllittllllg only on drug
crises. while his conviction record for rape and other
\ltllClll crimes was low. (ireenberg adntittcd being the
handpicked candidate for the Democratic machine in
Albany. but lie attempted to turn this into it campaign

plus.
Said (irecnbcrg‘s campaign posters: "Vote
tirccnberg Itc‘s cattdid.“ (.ireeitberg hoped that ltis

statements about the Democratic tnuchine would be seen
as rare political honesty. rather than an admission of

gtrilt.
Results of built races should be announced by the

weekend.

 

Hugh Carey and Mary Anne Krupuk stand vtctortouu. Corey's eon Donald I: on left.

Democratic Sweep A Fluke;
Watergate, Wilson, Helped '

Ihc questions are interrelated
because what the Democratsdo with
their new power will. iii large
measure. determine whether they
keep control in the legislature in
I‘J7h rrrid ltold on to the governor‘s
mansion in I978.

Rep. littin Carey ivon a
smashing. landslide election as
go\crnor attd ptrllcd his fellow
Democrats into control of the
Assembly on l'ucsday.

litit his victory was in sortie
respects a fluke. arid the Democrats
will have to tltiitk fast iittd work hard
to keep themselves iii power.

llte victory wasa fluke. l irst of'all.
because of the Watergate scandal
arid economic problems that ntadc
things rotiin for Republicans all
or er the country,

It was also a fluke becauscol (iov.
Malcolm Wilson. who was perhaps
the least colorfirl and appealing.
though far frottt the least qualified.
candidate the Republicans could
have fielded. llad tltc chiiblicans
find a cltoicc. the) would almost ccr-
tariin ncvcrltavc nominated Wilson.
btit he was foisted ort tliciit by Nelson
Rockefeller's resignation as gover-
nor. Next tiittc out. thetiOl’willnot
be forced such an ttttclcctablccltoice.

the Democratic victory was not
all fluke. of course. it was partly it
tremendous personal triumph for
Carey. who attracted back to tire
Democrats the utiddlc- and
working-class voters who ltad been
dcscrting the party lately.

llte Democrats face one big. int-
mcdiiitc problem: Republican cort-
trol of the Senate. through which
Carey's program will have to pass.

Arid they lace a second. potential
problem: their own traditioittil dis-
umty. which reached a lenitlt ofsorts
in NM. when they had control of
botlt houses of tire legislature but
were unable to organize it for
rrtontlts.

lhe disunity ought itot to be a
serious problciit this tintc. The
Democrats know llcnjatnin
l‘ rartklin‘s maxim that “we must all
ltaitg together. or we shall all hang
separately." and they know this is
their best chance in years to establish
long-term control over the state.

This year a Democratic governor
will be pushing them into getting

meld"

organi/ed: in I965 the governor was

. Rockefeller. who did everything he

could to heighten the disttnity.

And a shrewd operator like Carey
may even be able to ltandle the
Republican Senate. parlaying his
nearly 2-l mandate into a threat of
political dcatlt for GOP lawmakers
who reject his ntost popular
proposals.

Theft: are some indications that
Carey isalrcady tlrinkingalong these
lines.

He has madc.as his first priorities
for the “first hundred days“ of his
new administration. a series of
proposals which carry the good—
goternntcnr aura so necessary and
politically irresistible in the
Watergate atmosphere.

He wants public financing of
political compaigns. full financial
disclosure by high state ol'licialstind
the beginnings of court "rcf'orrn."'
And perhaps most important. at
least in political terms. ltc wants
legislative “rclorm.”

lhc first three items will be hard
for the Republicans to resist. btit the
fourth will be almost impossible for
them to resist.

Ihc Dctriocttits now controlling
the Assembly are committed to
sweeping changes in the legislative
process designed to end the now
nearly absolute power ol'the leaders
to control the flow of legislation.
And it they follow througlt on those
promises. the Senate will almost
have to do much the same thirtg.

lltc important political result ol~
such reforms in the Senate will be
that the individual Republicans will
he ntorc personally accountable if
they fail to support popular Carey
programs. they will no longer be
able to fall brick oti the cop-out that
the leaders ltad killed a populrir
measure before it ever got to the
floor. '

llcyond those immediate"reform"
programs. Carey has wonelection by
such a huge margin that he will be
able to overlook the often narrow in-
terests of sortie of his supporters ——
such as the public employee unions

v and do what is mosrappcaling to
the state as a whole.

So the flakes of I974 may turn out
to have given the Dcmoerate a
cltance to get a grip on state govern-
poem for years to come.

 
  
 
     
  
      
     
    
 
    
     
    
    
    
   
    
    
    
    
     
    
     
    
    
    
   
     
   
      
     
     
   
   

   
    
   
    
     

  
   
   
     
     
  
 
 
   
 
  
       
      

