 

. ._- following are excerptstaken from the transcriptslofso‘rn‘e of the subpoenaed
“ ,White House tapes: -  ' H ' 

. on the possibility of the President‘s appearance before theErvin committee,

P: We had better get the other things out of the way. I think we're going to be—-I
don‘t want to be hammered— [unintelligible] I don't want to—l don't [unintelligible]
they‘ll hammer the‘helf out of us anyway. but ldon‘t [unintelligible] that's a—that‘syust
a [unintelligible] all herefWe‘ll take-we'll take a hell of a beating [unintelligible] in the
next' 30 days. a lot of heat. we‘ll take with regard to why we aren't appearing why we
aren‘t going to appear before ithe committee.....t April 14. |973
and on convicted political trickster Donald Segretti.

I". [Expletive deleted]. He was such a dumb ﬁgure, I don‘t see liow'our boy could

have gone for him. But. nevertheless. they did. It was really \juvenife. What in the
[characterization deleted] did he do)“: To which we can only add.

ASP: Impeach the [cxpfctive dcletedll

 And Empty Words

nu. IIllJ'. ... 4i i
.l

f|'/‘|.il I

The portions of the tapes said to be unintelligible or deleted because of their
irrelevancy to Watergate form only one aspect of the troubles now embroiling Presi-
dent Nixon. Forevenwith many segments of the President‘s conversations with his
former aides missing. a picture arises of a President possibly very much concerned with
keeping the details otW atcrgate j‘rom the public. a picture contrary to everything Mr.
Nixon has publicly claimed. While he says that he was adamantly against the paying of
hush money to the captured Watergateburgfars. the transcripts appear to tell a
different story. While Mr. Nixon claimed that he wanted full disclosure as soon as he
learned the true story. the transcripts seem to say that the opposite was the case. And
while thePresideut ldefended his keeping from a Federalcourt information about the
break-in at the office of Daniel Ellsberg’s psychiatrist on national security grounds. the
transcripts make it clear that such a defense was actually fabricated after the break-iii.
as a convenient way to justify his aides‘ actions.

Though the evidence contained in the transcripts appears very damaging to Presi-
dent Nixon. the implications of several of theconversationseannot be known without
knowing what has been deleted. Mr. Nixon claims now to have cooperated fully with
the House Judiciary Committee. but only when he relinquishes the tapes ‘
will this statement be true. In a brief accompanying the transcripts. the White House
admitted that many of the President‘s statements may appear damaging. but that it is
nonetheless clear that he is completely innocent.

If the ambiguity of the transcripts does indeed make the. President wrongly suspect.
would not disclosure of the hopefully less ambiguous tapes remove this suspicion“! Or
would the tapes fill in the “unintelligible” parts and further implicate the President? In
either case. the release of the transcripts has in no way cleared the president ofinvolvc-
merit in the cover-up. and only by truly full cooperation with. the Judiciary Committee
will the whole truth beiknown.

 

T

l)\vio Leanne

..NANirv Mount

.. NANi'v AiliAltolr
...I)\\II.I. (frosts

.l)\\lll flown-Mira

. . . . . . .IMIlIlY Banna'rr‘

. . . . . . . .. LESLIE l)Avts

. . . .  Klile DANIELS
. . . . . . . .....liiov DAvMilN'r
 . halter. MAtlolN

 Kan AIIIIIIINt‘
.....leilt Ml II:'

. .  l.lNoA DBSMUND
 LrsZueitaltMAN
 . ....-.....o...DANIEI.CI|AI.L
Martin. MlcliAiii. Ilosaiiriikun
.. . . .. . ...............laiilivMalachi
.  WENDY Astleli

MANAejno Emma . . . . . .  .
NDWh Hutton... . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Assot iAu Ntws Elmo: ... . . . . . ,.

(’in‘ I-luirorl  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .';
Itoliolttit I'Aot Iinruin  .

Alils I-lnliolt . . . . . . . 

' AssorIAIr. Allis I-lolron .

l’uivttw Etilioii . . . ..

Spools Em ltll .......

Assoi lAll. Syn-rs Eutrol.. . . . . . . . . . . . . .. ..
Auvlnltsilvo MANAtiII . . . . .. . . . . . .. 
Assoi MID. Auvllrrt MANAnlI 
('uwillil ADVIITI Ni; MANMiII. . . . ..

“lit "Mt At. Iiiuriil . . . . . . . . ..
Assot Mu. Ttt'uNlt'Al. Horton ....
It slniss MAMtliI . . . . . . . ..
(ltMtIlll I'Jolloii . . . . . . . ..
.ontuttslno I'iiuottt‘lttm .

Collin: Apnea. ClNDY heyNin'r. GAltv Sossmii *

 

I'ltoioiiurlli' tliiiiollli ..  . . . . . .  Knit MAoNtast. DAVID Susi-inn
()i 'll oltlt‘as Milt HK'AIhlJ IN (.Aitirtts Cllelzlt .126 Ann 334 ANI) oun runner Ants 457-2l90 ANn 457-2I94.
WI: Alii. HINDH) to tilt. SIUllliNl Assoi'lkrtos

 

 

 

 

 

War I 055A man ’ HUM/77V DUMMY 5am stow—mm
'W MEA/V6 awr WHAT I 040065 IT To MEAN’

How Much Has

WASHINGTON - Everybody agrees that
the cost of living has risen sharply in recent
months. but just how bad is the picture‘! A
Visit to the Department of Labor this week
. ‘ ' some ‘ """‘" ligurcsthatvivid-
ly portray the rapid shrinking ol‘thc consumer
dollar.

These figures. based on the latest consumer
price index reports. compare the cost of living
first month with that of It year ago. March.
I973. and there is no way around it: the result
is hlcnk. indeed.

The overall cost of living increase in thllt
period was a whopping l0-plus percent.
highest in more than 25 years. and its
American consumers know only too wolf.
wage and salary increases in those twelve

months did not eventmake up thddil‘f'erence.

Mtlcli of that increase was accounted for in
skyrocketing food prices. and here is how the
jump ill the consumer price index breaks
down for some key supermnl‘ketdcptirtmcnts:

Cereals and llflA‘t'l‘)‘ protlucls - up .l.l per
rout.

Meal. [mu/try and/it'll - up l2 per eclil.

Dairy products - up 25 per cent.

Fruits and vegetables - up /5 per cenl.‘

()Illt'r super/Hallie! ilemr - lip 22 per t't'III.

'l‘rtivcllcrs didn‘t furc much better. as the
cost of metrls ill restaurants climbed I} per
cent.

llut rising food prices Were not the only
culpris. The cost of home ownership rose l0
per cent over tllc past twelve months. while
rciits increased by 5 per cent.

Increases in other key areas include:

Fuel and utilities - up In per cent.

House/loltl/itrnislllngs and operations - u/r
ll per cent.

Men's- vltrllliug - up 4 per cell”

Woman's .t'lollllng - up 4 per cent.

I’rlvale Iraurpurlullml - up 9 per rum.

Merl/cal cure - up 711w cent.

PAL/CE /N WONDERLAND

It Really Risen?

"'hy lton Ilendrer

Many of thesc‘l’igurcs are expected to show
even sharper increases over a year ago when
next month‘s consumer price index report is
nladc public.

Meanwhile. Sellutc Democrats. alarmed

over runaway prices. have agreed to caucus
this week to determine whther they sllould
make it" effort to force President Nixon to
clamp dowrt strong wage and price controls
once again. a cotlrse over which economists
disilgrec sharply.
‘l‘lic Wllitc House to date has firmly opposed
the implcmelltat ion of new controls. allliotlgll
if the President changes his mind on the sub-
jccl. it will not be the first time: Readers will
recall that prior to tllc time wage llllti price
controls were first initiated. the president for
months hail maintained his firm intention to
avoid that route.

Alter tiilks with several ckperts. lliy owll
vrcw is that still wage and price controls will
have to be levied once again. the kind of
restraint that is called for from the business
community llns simply not been produced
volitnturily. Large oil conlpanies. for exnm-
ple. have leaped ill the opportunity to reap
astronomical profits. and the result has been
lllill lb per cent rise iii the price of fuel and
utilities tiotcd earlier. Food producers. too.
have made no effort to hold down tllc cost of
survival. hilt hiivc squeezed COIlStlme's'
pocketbooksiit the checkout stand for every
nickel they could get. short of starting an
organired consumer revolt of massive propor-

. tious.

Meanwhile. the administration continues to
exercise the fantasy of painting lln economic
‘portrtiit of roses which by any name cannot
possibly smell sweet to those of us who have
bills to pay tlnd mouths tofeed-trnd have to do
it iilf with dollars that are losing purchasing
power very nearly at the rate of ti penny every
,10 days. ’ ' .

ale

 Athletic Supporter

 

ers

I To the Editor:

In regard to Mr. Hopkins‘ letter in
'I'uesdlty‘s ASI’. I wouldlike to say that he is
“off base“ with his accusations.

First ol'all. his charge that the story I wrote
unleashed my frustrations for the team‘s
record is ridiculous. Like Mr. Hopkins. I‘m
also tl commuter and I‘ve watched Albany
baseball games long before I even came to
State. I can remember the I966 season when
the team went 3 It). In addition. in high
school we had teams which posted poor
records. such as u I I7 basketball team bitt
that‘s another story.

Secondly. I feel I haven right to uttllIy/c the
gl..ltes. Ilesides. the things I stated hate been
said by the fans continuously. As one illflilflli
follower of the team tinted. the trollble with
baseball on this campus is that it‘s not talked
ilp enough. there seems to he the belief that
there's olily one approach to the game.

llie fact that certain people seem to tlnllk
there‘s oiin oneilpprouch and that otliel's;u-eii't
acceptable may lune alienated the frills.

Next. Mr. Ilopkins‘ statement to the effect
tluitherc are only three good hull players on
the team doesn't say rllucli for attitude. Why
bother playing ill all then'.’

I belie\e the teulii fins sortie Iilie athletes.
lllc Worst thing they can do is get down on
tlletnsel\es because of one tnjtlletl player and
another player quitting.

l-illtilly. his suggestion that I no longer
attend the games ls ll qilittcl‘s attitude. In my
three years here I hil\e been one of the
strongest supporters of the Albany State
\ptll'lS pl'tlgl'itlll.

Whether it be by writing lot the ASI'. by
serving on numerous committees for the folig
awaited lleltl housc.or by lighting etleh yearso
that the A..\l.l./\. ttltd \til'stty sports budgets
don‘t get cut. I have always tried to act in the
best interests of the Albany sports program

I watch otll lot Albany sports. Mr.
Hopkins. so that people like you how "le op-
pol‘ttlltlly to play. i would lililltk you not to
tell me wliul sports I can or cannot watch!

Mike lgoc

You’re Welcome

lo the lztlitor:

People don‘t often express their gratitude
when they should illl‘J often they don‘lespress
ll ill it“. I want to sit)‘ thanks to sortie people
who are really special to me.

My two years at Albany State have find
their tips and downs hill the good for out-
weighs the bad. there are so many people I
would like to thank for making lily stiiy hereu
happy one. lcotrld never mention fill ol'yon by
name hilt lhiive to say special thanks to a few
people. “tanks to I'emtl' for listening tulil
hearing: thanks to all my former teammates
and of course my linllplilyers for getting me off
to at good start in my coaching career; thanks
to it" the Ilellnie Seguls. the Martin litnneus.
the Merline llilthawuys. the Byron Millers.
the Reggie Smiths. and the flurry .Iohnsolis.
Kilthy May what can I suy‘! I love you!
'l'hunks to Conch Lewis for always being so
understanding. “ranks to Couch Munsey for
lending ll hand when I needed it. “Doe” I'lf
alwuys respect you cvcll if I do question your
judgment iit times. thanks to Glenn l’ciirson
who helped me see that tomorrows are worth
looking forwurd to. In all of 207 Van
Corlltiudt you'll always be my brothers no
matter where we are. And how could I forget
you guys across the hull! 'I'llilliks to all the pet)-
PlL‘ who were kind enough to smile ill the when
l wore a frown. Yes. thanks to all those half-
couri All-Stiirs in the gym and good-bye to all
those whom I rubbed the wrong way or mis-

ing. Thanks to all those of you who said “hi”
when I didn‘t have the slightest idea who you
were. Thanks to all the others of Albany State
that I had the good fortune to come in contact
with. You are all great and I wish there were
roolli cliough here to mention you all by name.

I only hope that I have touched you all as
much as you have touched me. Tomorrow
brings with it yet another challenge but this
little for It hit more prepared.

In closing I just want to say "thanks" and
I'm soglild I metall of you. May God bless iifl
of you.

.lim liiseumuu

Conciousness Zero

lo the Editor:

Due to circumstances beyond lily control.
the Junior llnnquet that was scheduled for I’ri-
day. May 1. has been cancelled. l'liis letter is
till'CCICti ill ptlrtlcultll' towards all docs-paying
.ltlnlors.

If the .lumor lltlnqnct had proven
successful. we would have had tltc first
eyitfenee (In a long little) of tll't)’ support on
bellulf of the (loss of '75 members. What the
other elitss officers and late trying to find otll
is e\tlctly \\flill wcrlt wrong.

Infections of class officers took place last
week. and although the class has fourcupablc
and willing students to fill the positions. lulu
qtilte sure that only it small percentage of the
class knows who tltc officers are. For that
matter. I woltld venture to say that only it
small percentage of the class cvcu etlrcs.

What I would like to see iii the future. and
what must occur if we are to survive as all
organi/iltlon. is more “feedback” front dues-
pnymg members. If you are truly, concerned
about where your class dues are going. or if
there‘s some kind of activity that you would
like to see programmed on this campus. we
would he titole than happy to listell to your
suggestions and follow through on them.
Remember: Senior Year is not just Senior
Week. and l‘lii hoping that with your help. we
can pro\e this as of Scptembcr ‘74” If you
Ilil\l:illl) questions. thcclass office are Linda
Wenlstock. l'l'csidcnt. (jail Wei... Vice»
President. Katie i‘TlL‘IldiiIIltl. Secretary. David
Abrrtttloll. lrctlsurcr. Call any of us' for ad-
\IL‘C.

Linda Wcinstock
President Class of '75

Election Wolkoff

lo the ldltot:

l wotrltl like to take this opportunity to
publicly announce my candidacy for
“SI \ft)|(ll|S." lhis is a somewhat littlc
heard of posltlon traditionally given to u
graduating Senior who meets specific re-
quirements and is elected by either 20 percent
of the student body or fill) percctlt of thc
\ otmg students. whatever comes first. lwotild
now like to present my views on and
qualifications lor the position . First. let us
look ill how I llilVC served the community ill
lost this past year:

I. Vice-t‘lttlllmtlu of Colonial Quad Board
l’resldmg over the l’l'ogralitming Committee
(\es. Vll'gllliil. there is a Colonial Quad
“tlilldl.

.7 ,Vree-l’resident of AMIA Council

I’lll’illllllclllul'lillllllltl lll charge of Impeachments
(I almost got to run my owuinipctichment).

.l. Vice-President of (iDX fraternity Con-
trary to popular belief we are not folding and
have filled our entire 4 -. mun suite inchch

t)tlicr achievements include: playing in
every major AMIA sport (poorly). going to
most of my classes. and taking thc 188"?!ch
out of my suite every two monthsnwhcthcr It
needs it or not.

llut more importantly for the position of
"StiNlORl I IS“ are my academic
achievements in my final semester here at
SU NYA. I started the semester with lbcredits
and my intentions were good. but tlflcl' my
first Plant Physiology Exam Iwiis down to l3
credits (I am no glutton for punishment). In-
cluded ill these l3 credits is English Composi-

tion for 't‘re'sliinirn‘.‘Coed» WI (
beginners ol‘ coursek' Softball/QII'lclItln
Public Speaking 203tand'Mittbltltl l‘yo tire

wondering how lean carry suctiii reine dolls '.

loud. don‘t: I‘m, probably going tohttve to

drop English Composition (those freshmen
ruined the S-U curve)._1‘his is because as a
Senior l have more important things to do
tluin study. I have rediscoVered my love forg
sleep. curd playing. drinking.sotthall. iinil es-
pccitilly procrastination . When not t‘iecidcn-
ttllfy build enough steam to do a little work. it
is usually just an attempt to fill out job
application. ‘

Now that you see how truly qualified form
here is my platform:

I. N0 . I’olilicull)eals or'l‘ics: ldon‘t have

any social ties either. If ilttcrcstcd. the number"

is 7-bit”.

l. flout-sli- ill Govern/item. I‘m too stupid
to steal without getting caught.

3. ll't'itlli'l'rll'i‘ - feared llSﬂSOflhilllCOilCh.

4. //ll‘llllll.\(‘ll It'il'ltl [louse il'clectcd ~ Why
Not! Everyone else has.

5. lulu 1/1057” Qllt'.\'lltlll. I would raise SA
Ins to compensate for my salary

I truly thiitik you for your time and con-
sideration. In it” the graduating Seniors I‘d

just like to say:

tiood Luck We‘re all goilig to need it.

Alan “.loltiu .loe" Fiero

Wox Shining

To the Editor:

How does one retract a letter‘.’ And even
nlore difficult. how doc_s one retract a letter
from the ironhundcd-ASI".whosc policies on
letters are very strict? Well. here goesa"now,
or never." yet late retraction of those parts of
my letter ili l‘ucsdny‘s ASI’ that point to Ken
Wux‘s performance on Central Council. I left
some statements open-ended and made it seelil
its it Ken Wax consistently refrained front
speaking and \otirtg on controversial issues. I
should lime poilited directly to the one. single
controversial issue I had ill mind. As fur us be-
ilig )m/ill‘t'ullt' Il'f.\t'. who can really tell‘.’ Ken
Wax felt that he was not sufficiently settled on
one view. and therefore felt the others to
debate llllti \otc. My apologies go ottt to all
misled liners. and of course to Ken Wax.

I’d like to do some character building. Ken
Way stuck it oirt throuin Central Council it”
year. which iii itself is an accomplishment.
Many people. as well as Ken can be protld of
his debating abilities. In my knowledge he‘s
neyel' shn'kcd his duties. and he's kept tip at
constant search for new areas of interest
throughout his first year at SUNYA. lle‘sjtlst
that type of person (read the ASI’ endorse-
lllent Itll'il third or maybe fourth time). We can
certainly be glild we‘ve got him its a SASU
delegate. and Ilulybc ll Vice-President.

I hope that people l‘tlilll/t.‘ I supported lra
Illrllbtitun. llllti that l was not too objective
about Ken Wars. I'm sure fhls lcttel' makes me
\UClll somewhat triiilll. lit the future I'll
attempt to be more judicious. I‘UI' my last
words. let the say this can only scratch the sur-
face of it“ the abusive yet costly things lllill are
sold and done during campaigns.

(.iaivlc Knibloe

Apathy:
Timeless Problem

to the Editor:

As I sit here. recoveringfrornlie Housing
lliissle and ready to suffer at pre-rcgistrution I
hope that this freshman year isn‘t a
loresfnidowing of wlial is to come.

With finals coming and papers due. the all-
powerlul administration of' Albany State
schedules housing utid pre-rcgistrution ill the
some tlme. f heir sense of timingeithcr must be
seriously luckillg or they just don‘t care. Don‘t
tell me tion it could‘ve been planned
otherwise. Considering the problems it caused
everyone. there is no excuse that would
justin this blilttiiit lack of concern.

Wltfi it” these troubles ’my need for
sustenance wasn't satisfied by the stuff that
leA serves us. Don‘t call it food because if

s'ttttc / _ ’
apathetic eitctlse if let/er heard. one

‘rlllllt'isll‘lllitm mustjtuit love to.

tolerant. understanding rationalized e the
we spew out ol‘ our mouths. Thi’n’ﬂv‘n I can
tiritte to get worse rising as we show that we
are willing to accept the poor quality of [if *
llltll SUSY provides us with. We criticize :r

Congress for not having already impeached; . a 

I’residelit Nixon. while we don‘t do anything
to help ourselves here. And ltotallyreject the
excuse llllll f‘tlierc isn‘t any time to do
anything. l have too much work.“ What a
l’arcc."l‘he people that tell me this spend so
much tiilie bullshittilig iitid wasting timcthat
maybe they should just admit thtlt they‘re

' LAZY . Make time.

We‘ve also shown that “passing the buck"
has become ii great American tradition. More
than once in the ASI'. students have written
letters knocking the administration for being
the t‘tttlst.‘ til tllc t'iiciul tensions on campus.
However. it's not the :ldrliinistration which is
at fault. it‘s the students. When one walks into
the gym and looks to the left and sc's' only
lllncks. then looks to the right and sees only
Whites. ll becomes apparent that the students
here seem to prefer segregation. The school
doesn‘t have Illireks and Whites to separate
while Ill the gym. Some students just won't
accept the fuel that there tire people on this
campus (both llfuek and White) lililllwitlil to
keep lI\\iI_\ from those riot of their own race.
Let's stop using the administration us a
scapegoat.

lo conclude. I must admit that there is
hope. l're-registriition this semester was run
much more efficiently. llowcycr. I don‘t tllilik
lilill the student had it lot to do with that
change. Most students just hitched to each
other about the problem liist semester and said
"something should be done." Yes. u change
wiis nintle. bill oiin because the administrat-
tion was IL‘illllll that someone would get
seriously lllll'l if there were another neur riot.
llie school \lltlu ed that it was willing to learn
Iiom its mistakes (at least iii this instance). If
only we. the sltltlcllts. were willing to give
more of ourselyes uszi whole.things liliglit inl-
ttl'll\t.‘. .\o\\. till we hate is if small L'I'OUP of
conscientious students willing to contribute it
great deal trl their trtnc ili order til gitc us It
better student goternment. More student ill-
ioltenlcnl would menu that these few in-
tli\ltluufs would lltrt lime to spend so much of
their time getting tllillgs done. We all would
share ill the responsibility. “Clique rule" isn't
tfle Student Association's truth. it‘s the fault of
eyelytinc not willingto get iliyoltctl. Apathy is
lost :is much illl illness its Violence. l‘l'tllll now
on. when we conipltilll. let's be ll\\tll't’ that we

iIil\L‘ no one to blame btlt ourselyes.
.luy Miller

Hail and Farewell

lo the Editor:

As I will soon be leaving SUNYA and the
Albany area. | wish to thank the many faculty
and students who supported and assisted me
Ill my struggle for tenure. I Wish to thank. in
particular. the editors of l’AltSEC for their
generous dedication.

All progressiie members of the SUNYA
community recognize the problems here: a
tenure system that discourages good teaching
and rewards dull conformity: a cutback in
fiiilds for educational alternatives and an in-
crease of funds for military-industrial
research; a general atmosphere of negation
and detith.

Ilut the outlook is not entirely bleak. We
haven vigorous student newspaper. the ASI’.
which (despite inevitable. errors) is willing to
involve itself in important controversies: we
have it" active studetn government and it
growing faculty staff union. Most impor-
tant. we have it growing awareness on the part
of many that the atmosphere oldeuth ought to
be cornbatted. the people. as always. can
make their own history.

Curt Smith

 

' understood but were kind enough not to sw-

FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1974

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 \itt

PAGE THIRTEEN

.................. - . . . ....--.n.....u-w

 

 

