ass-ﬁesta“;

.. Ears

 

 

i
i
r
:1.
i
r
l
P
't'
i
i
I
i
I
l
i
"l
‘i

 

uu Speaker Carl Albert.
ax surcharge proposal.

 

' S ’dent Associationbas n_ informed by the Mayor‘s ofﬁce that its counter-
‘ ' ‘the__Albaiiy Common Council HoiisingOrdinancejsgogh unWorkableand
le ' coordingly. it is assumed that Mayor Corning. having gone through

V onsof considering a different point of vie ‘ll certainly sign' the

ion’that will throw over three thousandstudents out of their homes at the end of

.th year. (indicate the s reets‘ ' ~ ' .
II alternatives on of ~ urt actiOn have been exhausted. While S.A. ofﬁcials
promise-that? the matter Will "pursu‘ed through the courts. the results of the Belle
“Terre decision at the Stony' Brook campus cast a dim view on the chances of any S.A.
legal actiori.‘Students have come up on the short end of this decision. Despite an in-
tense effort oh the part of student leaders. theviewpoint of students as equal citizens in
the eyes of the law has received a serious blow. Mayor Corning has demonstrated that
[students are indeed not equal to the, average Albany citizen and not entitled to the
protections guaranteed others who can vote in Common Council elections.

We have pursued the proscribed routes and procedures within the system and they
have failed. Recourse to action outside the system. a throwback to the violent decade of
the sixties would not be inappropriate given the gravity of the issue.

R'edresSing the Grievance

CentralCouncil. for reasons known only to its members. effectively killed the office
of Ombudsman. by refusing to accept the nomination of Jay Miller to fill that position.
The Ombudsman, like that of Paul O‘Dwyer's version in New York. would act as a con
tral point of collection for any and all student grievances. The Ombudsman would have
the power to investigate those complaints. and suggest remedies for redress. Miller had
already begun work as the acting-Ombudsman and had assembled a staff of six
assistants, but following Council‘s surprise action. the work has now stopped and the
office is functionally dead.

Council's reasons for denialof the Millerappointment arevague and unsatisfactory.
'l'o varying. unspecified extents. Council based its decision on the merits of an
anonymous phone call. alleged personality conﬂicts between Miller and members of
S.A. groups (such as the Albany State Cinema and the Jewish Students Coalition). and
accusations. usually unsubstantiated in Council, about thequality of Millers‘s work on

V , these groups. The Council‘s Appointments Review Committee is one ofthe most im-

portant committees, and under ,thechairmanship of Lew Barr. one of the most power-
ful as well. Barr. had an understandable responsibility. considering the danger of the
PROBE situation. to ensure that the best student possible was chosen to fill the new
Ombudsman role. In addition. he was correct in his assertion that both his committee.
and the Council as a whole. is not a court oflaw. However. it is vital when considering
appointments. that a full and complete investigation he conducted on a candidate. es-
pecially noting the importance of the post in question.

In all honesty. it cannot be stated that Miller's candidacy was given the complete
hearing necessary to ensure the students that they would have a strong and assertive
Ombudsman. The credibility ofthe information. as well as selective presentation ofthe
committee‘s information to Council leaves far too many doubts to settle the issue. Why
didn‘t the Committee contact the co-cditor of the newspaper of the JSC. on which
Miller worked? .Why didn‘t they contact other members of the ASC and J SC. both to
corroborate information already gathered. and to gain new insight into the situation?
While the Committee is not a courtof law. it is responsible for conducting a fair and
complete investigation. . ‘ ‘

'l'his newspaper has always stood for open government. and is painfully aware ofthc
dangers of another PROBE-like organization. The need for the Ombudsman.
however. must supercede the growing paranoia surrounding the position. Council has
perhaps made a grave mistake in denying the Miller appointment. and it will be the
students who must suffer because of it. '

 

:

é. ‘ v.

linniiltu t'uiti.... .  DAVIIJI.I:'ltNlilt
MANMaM;totrtia................ .NANCYS. Mitten
lli'smeisiimxuu....................... ......l.irsZttt'xi-:quN
Ntwuutroit . . . . . ....................................,....Nth'r.l.ALiiAtt(iii
Amx’inizutwsenmia. . . . . . . ..................,..............Mtt'tiAiii.SaNx
I‘etrsm'rivu IDIIOI .. .. . . ' . . . .. . DANIEL (ixiNi-s
Amit'inunsm‘rtvumirou...............................ltxtinxitxFist-axis
'I'N'MNII'ALIDII ..........................................I’A'rltll'KMt‘Ul.\‘NN
AwI‘MIl ru‘umut muons . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . DONALD NeMt'ix. WILLIAM J. Siren
intro-Mi.minimal.........................................MiunvAtxmm
Al'lhlltl‘lul. ............mm.....v-.................ALAND.AttaIv
AW'M‘I’I  PAUL I’ELMMLLI.HILIJUtYKliLlIIt'K
aluminium-u...................mm.-................... littut‘aMMtum
Amx'inrssniarirutml.....m...mm...mm.m........NATuANSALANr
Anvsutsimsitsmm‘l................................... .....LmiixMin,it'
Amuse ADVIIIISINII MANAGE!  . .  .  .  .. . ...........t.mm DtillthlJ
cld‘my"uA”vu1"'~'i“‘~h‘llllvtlVll"|'|"ll'til"“'tlJ()ANNUSIAN"“KW”
(reinsurance........um....-vm.5m.nut-mum“... WHNIanitit
“INVIWI’WSIAVMIIS...”............................KHNAMIONJIODIMAONIIIN

-0uit critical Aimd‘l‘ll) IN Camus Cerium 326 AND 334.
Due 'IILII'IIONBD'AII 45mm Min 4mm

WI nit wuneri‘ IV_ mutation r'ruoinr m

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Why Mexican Oil Won‘t Help

 

WASHINGTON—Back before Henry
Kissinger ever started his winging ways to the
east and west. there were those in the State
Department who lamented the lack of atten-
tion we were paying to our neighbors here at
home. particularly our Latin American
friends.

We would. they predicted. pay the price.
The sop offered to these critics was the much-
ballyhoocd Year of Latin America—«ti year
that somehow ncvcrcamc about, And now the
Mexican Minister of National I’atrimony.
Horacio Flores do In l’cna. has presented the
U nited States tltc first price tag f'oroiir neglect.

It came in the form of an announcement
that Mexico has no intention of helping the
United States out of its current fuel dilemma
by selling us oil from new-found Mexieiin
fields more cheaply tlirtn we can get it from the
Middle East.

In fact. said Flores de la Penu. Mexico
doesn‘t intend to sell us’morc oil at tiny price.
at least nbt right away. He noted that the ﬁrst
shipment of new oil will go to Cuba.
transported in Russian oil tankers. and that
Mexico‘s first priority would he to aid
developing Latin American countries.

Uiplomttticttlly speaking. the statement was
a direct strip in the United States‘ face. and
many observers agree that it came in response

to speculation here that the US. would be the ‘

chief recipient of the new oil. and at prices
signiﬁcantly lower than the SI I.65<tt-bttl'l‘el
billtlng currently being dealt out by the oil
cartel. '

The Mexican government. observers
viewed the American “we-taIte-youvifii:
granted” attitude with incredulity and out-
rage. especially in light of what they see as
almost total disregard for Latin America in
this country‘s Nixon-era foreign pob'cy. To
come to them with open arms now that they
have the oil we need will likely be viewed with
cynicism. to say the least.

‘

‘ V Run II .

And all indicationsnre that lhcydo llll\L' the
oil we need—a lot of it. Early reports estimate
the Mexican find is at Icasttis largeas oiiroit‘n
Alaskan deposits. and possibly scvcrnt tunes
that size. By their own conservative nut-ninth.
Mexico by I975 will be exporting oil in nearly
four times its current rate of 35.000 littticls it
day. and its own inicrnril consumption a Ill use
from 645.000 barrels to “0.000 Ill tilt: \illllt'
span.

Ilut so long as our neighbor‘s nitrtndc
remains as hostilcttslhc mood of its Mitmtcr
of National Patrimony at his recent pl't'\\i(|ll-
l'crence. it doesn't look as though the l‘mtud
States will benefit much from Mexico's nun—
found fortutic.

Since the earliest days of American inn-rgn
policy. the importance of maintaining th'
strongest possible US. influence in tiltl o\\'tt
backyard has been held otic of this nation‘s up-
pcrmost goals. 'I‘liat doctrine tins hccn ttn:
source of some of our most embarrassing
dcbiiclcs (the CIA operations in Chile) as well
as some of our proudest sttccc cslcxccpi tilll'
lug tltc I963 Culinn missile crisis. no nnuon
has threatened the United States with n sci ions
attempt to place land-httscd missiles ill the
Americas).

NﬁW. thanks to Dr. Kissinger‘s surf-'9'
m‘mned. ringle-rninded policy in the ninth: ol
East-West detcntcwin itself it thoroughly
commendable goal. but not one which nlonc It
sufficient-awe are in trouble tll our borders.

The fact lit llttlt Kissinger's present popiilnti-
ty troubles begun a long time ago. and Ill truth
they don‘t have u lot to do with either the
demise of the Nixon ttdtllitlislrulloii or
Kissinger'sown involvement in wiretapping 0"
in the CIA Chile operations. 'I'hcy how: it) do.
I“ I Mild long ago. with his total immersion In
the tcrlt of milling amends with ourlong-ttnic
enemies to the can and the west. to the tic-irri-
“Wm 0f plying even the minimal civilitics to
our friends in this hemisphere.

 

Haiku p... i

by Mark Cohen

(jcnsha. an old Zen Master was once asked how to. i

enter the path of Buddhism. He answered “Do you hear
that st rerun?" “Why yes." "There." he concluded. “is the
way to cntcr.“.‘l'his point contains no symbolism or
allegory whatsoever. it is simplya direct pointing. a way
of saying right here and now is the time and place where.
if one sees directly into the nature ol‘things. peace and a
rctili/atioii of what we are can enter our hearts. 'I'hcre
was once a lliliku written by the poet Goehikuwhich ex-
pressed the same thought:

IIIL‘ long night.

lhc sound of the water ~ _

Says what I think. (translated by Aliiii Watts)
and which aptly expresses the feeling behind any well
written llnikti. a direct seeing into the nature of things
where with ll lcii words. like it I'ew strokes of ti good
Chinese brush pitintct‘.u whole world is created. Haiku is
riot n IilL'l'lll') exercise. although it isn l'oi'nt ol‘poctry. but
If is poetry iii a coniplctcly different sense from the
Western sense. It is the art of leaving things undone. ol'
cxpi sing in the simplest words and the least clithortttc
w; _ . the most siihliinc.

William Carlos Williams wrote his very lltiiktiish
poem

or much depends

upon

it out \\ lich

Irrirroii'

gln/cd “illl rain

\intcr

beside the \thitc

chickens
\\ licic lilL‘ pnct says so much \\ oh so very little wordsnnd
so little ol Iiitnscll.

Although I cannot go its for us agreeing with l{.li.
lilitli when he says that it takes many years of "tin-
conscious absorption“ ol l‘ill' Lustcrn Culture to be able
to read ll single llnikii. I can say one most certainly ini-
tlct'stantl the spirit and laid ninny llniktt before one can
\\ the n siiiglcoiic. I hate llt.‘\cl’\\ i'itlcn tine.c\cii though I
can tiittlcistiilid llusoit when he writes

lhc ntoiiiititin fllll

Stands out clean

(in the “hire peony,

(translated by RM. lllyih)
(It linsho \ilicii lic “tiles in the most ttiiiiotis lliiikii
\\i'tllL'll .

the old pond.

\ llitg iittnps lll.

l'lttp!

(Intiisltttctl by Alan Wtitisi
\\ llllillll «It-hing tint further into the peculiar ()rictitril
.lllti Religious liitckgioiiiitl lichnitl llatikit lcpti honestly
\:I\ l;iitt lllt'illllliiIL' ol \tittiiigit.htil l\\‘tilltlcl' how many
Ilhtkti l’ticts L.l|l till lllc sonic lllltltl'.'()| hon than) lluikti
t’iilttcxlntils'.l I
"\olhtni.I is littlc to hitii \ilio tccls II \\Illl grunt sen-

sihilitt "
Dr. Johnson

I
l
I
l
I
I
l
I
I
I
I
l
l
I
I
I
l
I
I
l
l
I
|
I
_J

lo tlic \icll Ill ltt\\ll I
liron/c \ioinun oith swaying hips
Conic hnt'cloot with hits.

-Mt|l‘)’llllll (‘ttniti

Children will always
cry ntid twist and Inf“ and scream
(irttsping for room.

-|.tirtiinc Iiusilonc

Winners should come to L‘f.‘ 32h
Mondny night to pick tip their
pri/cs.

l__._.___.___.___._.__.__

I..-

r.__.—__—-.—____

 

 

 

Exploding flowers. V
In the woods after the rain;
Monolithic light.

-Eric M. Schlegel.

Softly falls the snow

White upon the new morning

Silence fills the air.

Brightly burns the the

Making shadows disappear

It lights off the night.

llic home is lost

-Doug Sango

A candle no longer burns

'in the window

-Circ Sehcil

'-";""l

A lone prairie dog ‘ » v
Cocks his ears high at a sound
Foreign to summer.

A lilac drawing
Up its head. solitary
Against stretching dawn

Will no one venture
Itito the forest to find
The four-leaf clover?

-Thomas Minei’

Waiting for true love
That ever lurks in dim shadows
A candle flickers.

-Michael Barker

_____W____s_ﬁc______

In the interval
between the flash and thunder.
A bltickhird singing.

-’l'homas Miner .

————_——————.—_..

I
I
I
l
I
I
l
I
I
I

.- -.~-—p-7v.v~u- wan-.p-v- —. -wr—

 

