.».T~"‘

,4; .-

53:.»

s

egg-a

 

 



 

11s

  
 
 
   

mienthere. ‘

The“ Lubavitcber movement is a
Chassidic or'pl'ni'énlion
traditional in ideal yet modernistie in
approach. They actively- _seek tbe
funherﬁéiuTgiEdliwirinesndrﬁ:';
interest among Jeivish people on a
_universaLscale., With branches in all
major cities and campuses onuthe
ciintirient and f abroad. they. have
successfully returned countless stray
Jewish. P901519, on ‘9‘“ “I‘m”

 
   

-' regimen "of synagogue or

"Torah portion in a contemporary.
journalistic format as “It's What‘s
Happening!" He previously taught
at a'unique Hebrew High School for
students with limited Jewish
background. -- I ‘

Mrs. Rachel Rubin taught at Beth

Rivka High ScbooI'in Brooklyn.and I

was head counselor during the
summer months at a girls camp. She
and her husband spent the past
summer in St. Paul. Minnesota.at a
Women's Institute for girls who are
being introduced to Judaism for the
ﬁrst time in their lives.

In addition to the growing number
of‘activities here. Rabbi Rubin is
also occupied with the Five-Point

very devout to the_iion-religious.

organizational afﬁliation.

Before comingto Albany. llgbbi
iRdlaiiimlrds'tudi" :nMontrealtlec-
fure‘d‘iregliliirly on Cha'ssidism at
Columbia University and Cooper
Union in New York City. He has .
travelled, across the country in his Lubavitcher program to intensrfy
work. visiting Princeton. the observances of Teffilin.
Washington and Syracuse. and ser- Mezuzos. charity. Holy Books and
H Torah study which.according to the

 

 

 

33’)»

))3»)»»»¥»ﬁﬁﬁ

””))’)ﬁ»»ﬁﬁ?’)ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ)

LC1&2
7:30, 8:30,
9:30

$.50 with
tax card

$1 .25
without

\ilrr l't‘t'lflllllilll‘\

PAT
GARRETT

AN!)

BILLY
THE
KID

funded by student association

QC¢¢¢(¢¢¢(¢(¢¢(¢¢¢((¢£«(¢¢¢¢¢«¢(¢‘
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE TWO

we delves on's-_hys to  Uptown Donna pt 6, 8, I 10 pan}.
' _ j ’jmdﬂﬂ Sandwich-

vHot ' Hot
Meatballs ASausoges H h.
»»»»»»»»»»»mmwsassassimmamm

. EILEEN? crane Eﬂmﬁﬁﬂiﬂ

Friday Oct. 25

 

' V -i Rebb’e.areessentialtothesecurityof

‘ '    B l Jews here and in Israel.
' ' ’ ' ' 6 : Rabbi Rubin‘s first class at
H ' i i“ “a. SUNYA will be held Monday even-
.i ‘  m w A". - ‘ i log. October 28 at 8 p.m. in the
i i    '    | SocialScienccstirst-tloorlounge. At
‘ ' i with  I i ' I this session. he will offer a brief

historicalhackground of Lubavitch.
and begin discussion ol Cbassidic
Philosophy in the Inepiicih Cen-
tury. Specifically. he will discussthe
concept of Continuous Creation.
Any interested people are invited to

__the Mini-'Subi

3

 
 
   
   
    

«ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ

«ﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ

«({«Kﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁlﬁﬁﬁﬁﬁ

POPEYE "‘13
FOLLIES 9'

HIS TIMES
AND LIFE

THE 
1

 

As
Milton
Aslastsl
Milli)"
st Visits ly

 

 

Saturday Oct 26

LC18
7:30 and 9:30
$.50 with
tax card
$1.25 without

AMSTERDAM. Netherlands‘fAP) David Oistrakb. brilliant Soviet
violinist who taught his art to many and bloomed lately as a coitductorol
world repute. died in an Amsterdam hotel Thursday.

He was 66 and death was believed caused by a heart attack. .

MOSCOW (AP) Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger received a new
commitment to 'delente Thursday after opening talks wtth bovret leader
Leonid I. Hrezliiiev. ’ . H

"Further and big successes require efforts and Vigorous eltorts on bolli
sides." Foreign Minister Andrei A. Orolriyko declared in a luncheon last.
"We are prepared to make those‘efforts." ‘ V ' I

Kissinger. who surveyed the Middle East and prospects  wrder trade in n

hnev. returned to the Kremlin in early evening

 

  

three-hour session with lirer.
for it second round. 4

ML“ YORK (AP) Fears about a sharp recession drove stock prices
broale lower Thursday before indications the government was dorng
something about it brought them brick a little at the close. . ‘

the Dow Jones average of30 lndustrials. down nearly I4 points twrce dur-
ing the session. Iinlrlly closed at 636.26. down 8.7:] Trading on the New York
Stock Exchange was a moderately light total of l4.9| million shares.

Declines swamped advances by a broad margin. l.I5l to 294 among L760
issues traded. I

LONG BEACH. (‘allf.(AP) Richard M.Nixon was reported on lhilrs-
day to be depressed aird iii heavy pain as his doctor weighed whether surgery
is needed to combat the former president‘s phlebitis.

Ilr. .loliri C. l.iiligreu said the decision on whether Nixon will need surgery
will depend on nliellrer hospital-lidministered anticoagulant drugs are
silccessllrl in treating the inflamed veins which Iiavc painfully swollen Nix-
oir‘s lelt leg. ‘ V

In phlebitis surgery. the inllalned veins are often tied off.

“He came in last night for testsalrd didn't expect to silly.“ ll source close to
Nixon sttid. “1 hey told him it was ll very dangerous situation. and when they
told hiili this he became very depressed and grumpy.“

ll (5le. Aria. (AP) Sen. Barry Goldwater. R-Al'i/.. suit] lhursdirv
tllcrc is ll good chance l’t'csldenl I-‘ord will withdraw the nomination of
\clsoii Rockefeller as Vice President.

“Right now [think there's a bettcrchalrcc his name will be withdrawn than
be submitted lor lurtllcr questioning." tioldwtltcr said during it radio inter-
new.

“I do know our people ill the Seilutc...lrll\'c approached the President with
that suggestion." he said. '

Rockclcllcr's nomination has run ilito trouble ill the Scirlrtc lolloirin dis-
closure tllnt he made sctei‘lrl gifts to thousands ol dollars and owes almost SI
lrllllloli in federal taxes.

“AMIING’I'ON tAl’) Illc number iil persons killed on the lirrtlorr‘s
lllgll\\’tlj..\ dropped IlU‘ltll) I5 percent in September and the Department in
transportation estlirrlltcd its lrrunyils |tl.l)tl(l lt:\\ er persons could the ill ll‘illllt'
accldncts this year it tltc trend continues.

llli.‘ depaitliicnt said the September death toll M4573 was about 7251cas
than reported ill the smile montll lr year ago. 'l he reduction was estimated lit
I434 per cent.

September was the llth straight liloiltli in which declines iii the death toll
\\ crc I epoi'tcd. the reductions startcd last year when the energy shortage clil -
lulled tlririlrg and lorced lowered speed limits.

the rrlltrolurl Highway lrtrllic Safety Administration said the Septcrrrbcr
decline Wits lllc second smallest reported this year hilt it added the Septclrll'rcl
figures halted ll stclrd) upward trend ill deaths.

“Ablllei'lth tAI’) l)..\'. District .lirdge .lolrn .l. Siricli llllll\llil\
described John W. l)clrii lll.thc prosecution's chicfwililcssln the Watergate
co\cr'-rlp trial. as "less than a lll)"Wllllc lilich in this case."

With the jurors listening. Hirrca said it is tip in tllclli to decide wlllrt pill ls ol
Dean‘s testimony to belicre.

“I don‘t think iltl)trtlc is trying to paint this gentleman as it lily-white lirrgcl
lil tlliscllsc‘." the illdgc said. "Let's be frank about it. he has llll'tilltl)’CtllllU\\Utl
to what he did arid he's paying for it."

Ilcirll is currently sclllilgll l 4-year prison term for his own part III the
Ctl\t.‘l'-tl|l. He has been oil tllc witness stand for si.\ days testilylllg about IllL'
irlvolrciircirt of the dcleildlllrts. thrcc ill whom were. like l)L'tIIl L'ltl\L'
assistants til lolmcr President Richard M. Nixon. All the tlL'lL‘lltlL'llh illL'
clilrlgcd \lllll conspiracy to obstruct iirstrcc.

( III( Ain (Al') Illzluiing ii Democratic "legislative dictatorship" lot
the nation's ccononircllls. President l‘ord cairlpliigncd lhursdlry ill limit illltl
lllrrrors tor a Congress that will support his domestic and foreign polICIUN

lll lr part of Iona speeches. l‘ord sought to soothe unhappy llrrlrrcis. And
be reopened Illsattllckoir llle Democratic-coiltrollcd t'irlrgl‘css.zrccilslirg it Hi
"lurdcimlulng olir foreign relations with llariilcrtl't-likc restrictions."

Mu“ \IJRK (AP) ('lrlvitl Jackson was arraigned llirlrsdai on .I
rccoid-Iticllklitg .lS-coullt irruidcr illdicluicirt charging him \\llll ilrcdcnths of
nine women oil Manhattan's uppcr West Side.

l‘.ll.'.lll oi the murders occurred at the Park l‘llr/il Hotel. St) W 77th 5-1
where .lllcksirrr once was .l porth and resident. llrc rrriltll slaying tlt'ttlltt'tl
two doors itlUl). lltc Mle are opposite the side to the /\IIlL'I'lL‘tlll Museum of
.Nlrtilrlrl llistrrr), which faces Central Park.

Ihc clerk in Mllllllillltlll Supreme Court intoncd: "(‘lrlvril Jackson. WU
have been indicted on 15 counts of murder orld related crimes; how do you
plead'!"

llie Ztr-yelrr-old dclendairt replied ili ii strong. clear voice. “Not guilt) "

llut acting .Iustice (icol‘gc Roberts declined to take Jackson's plcu titll il his
mental coirlpetcnee is determined. Roberts tlicn formally entered the smile
plea on Jack son‘s bclllrll.

OCTOBER 25, 1974

 

 

 

by Dan Osborne ‘

Our country. is in tbe‘midst of a
recession. Not only is unemploy-
ment rising. but prices are climbing.
Many people are beginning to
wonder if there really is going to be
an end to all of this.

In dealing with this phenomenon.
several members of the Economics
faculty here at SUNYA‘havc given
their views on the presentveconomic
condition of the country and spoken
about the future of it—whether‘oi'
not it will eventually get Worse and
possibly lead into a depression.

Professor T. Mirer talked about
the present recession with a note of
optimism saying that he doesn‘t
believe the recession will go for any
prolonged period oftime. He based
this claim on the assumption thatthe
present administration can get what
it wants within modest limits.
through monetary and fiscal policy.
It has the power to control the
economic situation and prevent an-
employment and even inflation from
getting out of hand.

Professor Mirer viewad an-
employment as the major interest in
the problem because it reflects
lowered production. He stated that
unemployment could be over 6% by
the end of this year (it is presently
5.8%) arid the question is “How
much unemployment does the
government want to put upwith'!" In
his view. the government would
accept 6% but would consider 7%
too much. I’rescntly.the administra-
tion is using the recession to light in—
Ilatioii in the hopes that beneficial
effects will arise from this. However.
he finds this a poor alternative
stating the recession is too great a
cost. . '

in contrast to Professor Mirei'. a
less optimistic opinion is taken by
Dr. Ii. Rcllshaw. who stated. “I real-
ly believcthat this will be the longest.
and possibly most serious. recession
since the I930‘s.“ Ilelrlso sees no sign
of a prompt recovery. and that by
pussiny the end at I975. 7-8 million
people will be unemployed.

Like Professor Mirer. Dr.
Renshaw is not for using the reces—
sion as a tool to work against infla—
tion. He believes these policies will
not work in combatting this problem
and instead claims the best hope lies
iii using wage and price controls. In
an age when consumers are cutting
back and real purchasing power is
declining. these could create a
climate that might possible lift us out
of the recession and back on oilrfeet
again. If these aren't used. then he
sees no way of solving the unemploy-
ment problem at least ill this
decade.

Professor .I.S. Uppiil Cllllfltclcrllr
ed the present economic condition as
a sort of stagnation and inflation
(stagnating business and rising
prices). From this. Iic infers that we

are heading tow

of recession thatw' I be marked by
these two properties and not by the
usual rising unemployment and fall-
ing'prices.’ -

The rising prices we are experien- V
' cing todaycan by explained to some

extent by the recent shortages. But

Dr. Uppal brings up the notion that‘

many of these shortages were
products of what he territed “ar-
tificial scarcitles“ that. in the end.
brought up the prices of those par-
ticular items and related items. He
also attributes shortages to the
leniency of the past administration's
policies towards business and its
mismanagement in certain sectors of
the economy (e.g. the Russian wheat
deal). The unemployment situation
was spurred on a great deal. accor-
ding to Dr. Uppal. by the decline in
employment that took place in the
construction industry. This was
brought on by a tight money policy
and the rising prices of lumber (due
to a deal with Japan).

Professor Uppal also criticized
President Ford‘s measures in coping
with the present economic situation

   

saying. “The nation had cxpec-'

tations that the new President would
take some drastic steps to get us out
of this nightmare. butall he hasdone
so far is to call summit conferences—
inviting economists to tell him the
causes and cares of this
phenomenon. What Ford forgot was
that where six economists meet.
there are seven opinions." He added
by noting that the only thing these
conferences did was produce dis-
agreements and possibly add to the
overall confusion. Dr. Uppiil also
stated that the President. due to the
lack of dccisiveness. is appealing to
the people to cut back. fight inflation
and also wear WIN lltllttlits. which.
he poilllcd otrt. liaVe gone rip iii price
also.

According to Dr, .I. Slocum. “The
indications as far as the labor market
is concerned. is recession.“ llowcver.
Ire too believes it won‘t be nearly as
bad as the l93il's. He said. as the

i
mama -

“ GAM

 

a crow comsramsr uo—oovsauarm emaomrsisr”

others had. that “it used to  you

could fight off inﬂation with un- V

employment.“ Now. both are risin
despite efforts. ~

Between the two. Dr. Slocum
believes unemployment is worse
because of the human problems it
muses. In his words. it‘s harder to
alleviate them. Hg also said that the
US. is not experiencing runaway in-
ﬂation and We are not as bad off as
some countries in western Europe.
But. there is still a danger present
and it has been shown that in the last
six months. price inﬂation has been
increasing faster than real wages
have.

Like Professor Mirer. Professor
Lentz believes that a depression will
not come because of the economic
policy pursued today. For one thing.
he claims that “The political
pressures brought to bear will not
allow 25% unemployment“ (like in
the I930‘s). In fact. he goes on to say
that it will probably not go past 6.7%
unemployment~~~-the figure reached
in I958.

The present recession. according
to Professor Lentz. will last another
year or so. At this time. he predicts
that President Ford will begin to
work on the economy and help un-
employment decline so that it looks
better by November. I970. Headded
that this is what Nixon did iii the
I972 election.

However. prospects do not look
good as a whole for SUNYA
students because firms just aren‘t.
hiring. Also. stildents are not helped
by the President‘s policies which are
geared more for people who are
already on unemployment and hence
have worked iii the last six months.

Professor Lentr. believes that the
task of creating jobs will be turned
over to the government. and white
collar workers as well as blue collar
workers will be beilelitted. “So.” he
concluded. “if you‘re graduating in
.Iune. get ll't' touch with your coni-
mittceman (or anyone else who has
something to do with the hiring prac-
ticcs in government) rmrjulrcf'

T c ,

  

“W” Duels  

by Kaerilgent _

Sam Stratton. the incumbent US.
Congressman from the Capital Dis-
trict. and Wayne Wagner. his
republican challenger for the seat.
exchanged blows Tuesday. In 'a
debate before a small audience in
one of the Lecture Centers.

Wagner attacked Stratton‘s
stands on inﬂation. He stated that he
disagreed with seventy percent of
Stratton‘s votes in ihc House. but
that this disagreement was not what
prompted him to run for Congress.
The challenger pointed out the grave
economic state as his chief motive
for ninning. emphasizing that he had
the answers to solve the problem.

Advocating it return to a ceiling on
interest rates. Wagner. an area
banker. came out against renewed
wage and price controls. “We tried it
once. and the people took it on the

' chin.“

Wagner also proclaimed that
Congress can ctlt federal spending
and solve tbeuneniploment problem
concurrently. causing a lot of head
scratching among the audience
members. The Republican demand-
ed cilts in government spending and
cattle out against increases in educa-
tion and in veteran benefits.

Stratton countered Wagner‘s
statements. proclaiming a need to
stimulate the economy to provide

       

Senator suction and Wayne Wagneroscltange 

. jobs. In the last four years. has sup.
Both debaters expressed the belief
that Congress was “capping out" by
blaming the economic 'c'riiis 'on
everyone but themselves. Stratton
stated that Congress should blame
Nixon andthe executive branch for
the problem. because both branches
made mistakes. Wagner wiri-
merited. “We make our own
problems and we‘re the ones who are
going to solve them." " "
ported aid to education. mass transit
systems. veteran's beneﬁts and .qu-
‘ ban renewal projects. At the 
time. he co-sponsored. the new
Budget Control Act. the Emergency
Petroleum Act and legislationtoyfor-
hid the exportation of wheat and
other food stuffs when the U,.S.
supply is inadequate to meet the nor-
null U.S. requirements. -

The incumbent also suggested
cures for the economy. He called for
renewed wageund price controlsand
gas rationing as immediate action.

The candidates then exchanged
views on the amnesty question and
the Nixon pardon. Stratton. came
out in support for both of Ford‘s
decision. He commented that hehad
come olrl with air amnesty program
similar to Ford‘s ii few years ago. at
the end of tlle Vietnam war. Like
Special Prosecutor Leon Jiiworski.
the incumbent also believes that all
the information about Watergate
will come out in the present cover-up
trial.

Wagner felt that all should be
done to find out the truth of
Watergate. He opposed Ford‘s
amnesty program. commenting that
it was “far too weak." The challenger
also called for the reinstatement of
the draft.

The debate ended with a closing
statement from each candidate.
Wagner. speaker first at the request
of Slraiion. brieﬂy thanked the
audience for coming and stated that
lie thought the debate was healthy
for the electorate. The incumbent
then took advantage of his “last
licks" and attacked his opponent.
stating that the economy‘s problems
could not be solved “with narrow
banking philosophy.“

 

 

 

 

 

mon -'sat
9 am - 9 pm
482-1425

50*

 
 
 

 

 

 

‘Itliueo rm lite Filled owl. a the World
Pine Hills
Wine & Liquor Store, Inc.

W 870 Madison Ave

 

gift wrapping
chilled wines

free delivery

 

 

Forward lnqulrles to

 

' WESLEYAN umverisrrv
Israel Spring Sense-tar
Program ’74

A small independent program for 15 students who
are prepared to do work In Hebrew literature. Four
perlod courses. conducted In Hebrew. Include Bls
ble. Talmud. Medieval Philosophy. and modern
tsraell belles lettres. Wesleyan credlts transferable.
Deadline for apptlcatlons November 30. I974.

Prat. Howard Needler
Wesleyan Unlverslty
Mlddletown. Conn. 06457

 

 

 

 

Drive Our Cars

Free Florida,

[California and all

cltles in the USA
AAACON Auto

Transport

89 Shoker Rood

Terrace Apartment
Albony, N.Y.

462'7471
irrustbe 18 yearaold

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

  
 
 
  
  

ff‘fzt“.

M‘s-w
..... C “W ..,..

l
ll
1

 

 

