 

_Ej‘d'k«u

< mere-1:;

 

DAY AT THATCHER'PARK -

 

 

 ALLEN NIGHT:‘TaIie the Mono, and into and What's .uo Tiger Lily?
5-  _ . . ’ , * . Completesliowsat7:00,10:15*“ ‘Lcr ' 1
“use .sLAs'r wrrii NEONIPARK. in iii. Campus Center Ballroom 9 pm . 2 am

4 MONDAY
ALL DAY TRIP TO MONTREAL Buses leave circle 7 am’ - leave Montreal 7 pm

MARX BROTHERS NIGHT: Night at the Opera and Horseteothers
7:30 12tmldniglit LC 7

$.25 BOWLING AND FREE BILUARDS 8 pm - midnight
TUESDAY
buses-leavecircle at- 11 am
DINNER AND RACES AT‘ SARATOGA buses leave circle at 5:30
$.25 BOWLING AND FREE Ell-HANDS CC 3 rpm to midnight

WEDNESDAY

BOAT CRUISE ON LAKE GEORGE Dixieland Band on Board buses leave 10:30 am
$.25 BOWLING AND FREE BILLIARDS cc 8 pm to midnight

THURSDAY

CLAM BAKE-MOHAWK CAMPUS lots oi food all day shuttle buses start 11:30 am
FILM: The Graduate 8 pm 12 midnight LC 7
$.25: BOWLING AND FREE BILLIARDS cc 8 pm to midnight

FRIDAY
TORCH NIGHT 8:30 pm assemble 8:00 between AD and FA buildings

SAT U R DAY

1:00 graduates assemble in caps and gowns, PE building
1:30 procession begins 2:00 ceremony '
wArrING LIST Tlx: wees. 9-12 REMAINING Ttx wens: 1.3‘ QUESTIONS? CALL DEANNA 7-5240

COMMENCEMENT

 

 

mphysema. and premature babies—now there‘s
 nether smoking-related problem.-
‘ Edward Loftus of Harvard University reports that
cigarette smoking also causes the loss of teeth. Doctor
Lol'tus and his colleagues studied 684 patients seeking
'dcntalcare. and found that the cigarette smokers among
ihcm suffered significant rmore gum diseases.
; “he, doctors report that gum diseases. and not
' ‘ . arethc leading cause of tooth loss in the United

Just Return?

yifZNSl - Ralph Nader's tax reform research group
rcccntly decided to test whether the various internal
reiienue service offices around the country give out the
same advice. _

'l'he group prepared 22 identical tax reports. based on
the fictional economic plight of a married couple with
one child. '

The tax reform group then submitted the 22 identical
copies of it to 22 different l.R.S. offices around the
country A and. sure enough. each office came up with
entirely different figures.

the results varied from a refund of $8ll.96
recommended by the |.R.S. office in Flushing. N.Y.. to a
tax due figure of$52. l4arrived at by the l.R.S. tax office
in Portland. Oregon.

Russians and the Pill

(ZNS) - Doctors in the Soviet Union are not prescrib-
ing birth control pills because medical uncertainties still
csts about the pill.

l’rol'essor A. Kiryushenkov states that Soviet doctors
will not prescribe birth control pills because medical
researchers do not yet know what the effects are for a
woman taking the pill on her future offspring.

'In addition. says Professor Kiryushenkov. Russian
Doctors are also worried about the pill‘s side effects,
' has rapid gains or losses of weight. and the develop-

iit ol hllftnl clots.

the Soviets do use birth control pills to treat female
slﬂ‘ility. however. Doctors will prescribe pills fora short
tithe for sterile women; they have found that when the

if t

pills are discontinued. some womenﬁ—previously ;1

children.

A Perfect Morel.

(ZNS) - A New York congressman hascomc up withu
suggestion as to how American consumers could cut
their use of natural gas in stoves by as much as 50 percent
caclt year.

Congressman Lester Wolff says that this gas savings
could be bronglit about by simply shutting off all pilot
lights on gas stoves. ‘ - '

According to Wolff‘s calculations. the 4f million gas
stoves in the U.S. burn up from 30 to 50 percent oftheir
natural gas just keeping the pilot lights burning. Wolff
calculates that lift: total fuel consumed by pilot lights
each year represents ltlll million c_ubic feet of natural gas.

Wolll‘ points out that stoves in Europe which bur'n
natural gas do not use pilot lights; these stoves. says
Wolff. are lighted perfectly safely by using matches in-
stead.

l'he problem in cnactinga law against pilot lights.says
Wolff. is that it would be difficult. in a short period of
time. to switch over America‘s 41 million stoves to
iiialchcs instead.

sterile—haw been able to‘become pregnant, and: bear

Fountain of Youth

(INS) - Are you ready to live to be 200 years old‘."

/\ tciini of researchers at Michigan State University
reports it is experimenting with a new drug that could
slow down the human aging process dramatically.

Doctor Variicti Rosenberg. the head of M.S.U.‘s
research team. says that the new drug has already been
used on insects and it works. 'l‘hcdrug. which the scien-
tists will not identify by name. works by lowering the
body iciiipcraturc.

Doctor Rosenberg said that as an animal‘s body
temperature is lowered. it takes longer for the animal to

aged-die suggein menacing-could lowerstherbodyn». , , r . ,. . , ,
' ‘ 'prcscriptio'n coutrticcptttes more

tciupcratttrc of a human from the nowvnormal 98.6
degrees down to perhaps lib degrees. This would be
enough. he estimates. to add decades to a person‘s nor-
mal lile.

Why is be trying to slow down the aging process'! Says
Doctor Rosenberg: "liecniis‘c Vieoplc want to live
longer."

*i’fi‘k‘k******************

There’s no easy they for Charlle Nelson to become Dr. Nelson.

But there is a way t
rrn

—but It ma free you from these financial problems
which, un erstandably. can put a comp in your
concentration. V

if you qualify, our scholarship program Will cover
the costs of your medical education. More. you ll
receive a good monthly allowance all through your
schooling;

But w at happens alter you graduate? ‘ I

Then, as a health care oflicer In the military
branch of our choice you en er a professional
environmen that is chalenglng, stimulating and
satisfying. . I

An environment which keeps you in Contact With
practicait all medlcal specialties. Which gives you
the time o observe and learn before you denide on
your specialty. Wh t the opportunity
to traln In that specialty. And to practice it.

You may'also find some of the inost advanced
medical achievements hap nlng right where you

ARIID FORD

Antonio. Or the National Naval Medical'Center in
Bethesda. Maryland, recognized worldwrde for its
work in Medical Research. I

And if you've read this far, you may be interested
in the details. Just send in the coupon and we iI
supply them.

 

lA’rmco Forces Scholarships ZCNM
III

Universal City, Texas 7814a

t desire lntorination for the following are lam: Army
Navy [‘1 Air 701cm MnalcnllOstmpath c D Dental B
vaierlimry' E] P airy D other to can specify)

Name. W
Soc. Soc. l_——~——— ———-—"——"'—
Address--. #—
cuy H
Siciu._.————————--——""m_"——‘_'
Enrolled al—ﬂ—Wy’r".
in graduate WWI—T

m" °' I"""""‘irrto‘riihi iii-yr our)

‘vutcllnlry not available in New Program.

 

 

 

I. "m cm
ocoicAiro io MEDlClNE AND mi: PEOFLE wuo raAcric: ii

TUESDAY, MAY 7; 1974

‘in y , V ngboo  _ p -
the nation’s campuses. Most of the ~
» books deal with questions of ex-

istence and methods of coping with ,

its problems. r

the top seller was I‘M ON. You're
UK. l‘honiiis Harris‘ explanation of
ti'iilisiictioiitil' analysis; followed .by‘
.lmu/Iliun Livingston Seagull,
('Imrinrs ol'llic (jails .and all three
of Carlos Custaneda‘s works in the
top six positions.

No particular philosophy seems to.
he exerting itself in the reading
choices of the nation‘s students. The
L‘ustetiadu hooks and Juliet/mil lean

to be insured leaf 7'

Icn.’  g; 'V
lirie Von Danilt’en‘s God 
()tucr Space and Charter: postulate
existence as being,eiittiblislied by
beingsz'from litilltlﬂalll‘ld tire both
biglsellertt. " 
Other titles were: Our Bot/lea, Our ’
ate/res by the Boston Women‘s
Health. Book Collective. Nc'nun’di'
George O‘Neill's Opera
.1lirrt'iugt'. The. Best and life?
,IIrig/uarl by‘mid Halberstum. and»,
fflt‘ .on ﬁber by AlcitComfort. 5'.

Bill to End lac Pill"  
Display Ad Ban Defeated f’l'

(CPS-LNSiA hill Ihaf would have

allowed contriicaptives to be openly
displayed on pharmacy shelves was
delcated in the New York State
Assembly April lit after a long
debate. ()ppoiicnts of the hill claim-
ed that such displays would lead to
greater promiseuity among the
young.

I "‘l lind it difficult to imagine how
in I974. with cVerything lclse going
oii. this bill could excite anyone.“
said Assemblyman Stephen J.
Solari. the bill‘s sponsor.
Assciiibiywoiiiiin Constance ii.
t‘ook. defended the bill as an “utter-

casili obtainable with less iii-

coiiieiiicncc and potential elit-

ha I'l :tssment.

l_\ liarinlcsgzitt’thwwi mks hiﬁtf‘f‘ﬁl'gi‘wtlu

customers must ask for the products.
without a cliii lice to examine or cam-
pii re them on the shelves. Many peo-
ple. including women‘s groups lob-
bying lor the bill. maintain that the
i'cquirciiiciiis keeps shy or inex-
perienced people from buying con-
triiceptiics at all. .

litii opponents oI'the billwonout.
Assciiiblyiiiziii 'Antliony V. Garrard.
charged tlgit. the bill 'could lead to.
all kinds of raindications!children
could start asking’questiims. and it '
cotild bc embarrassing for the
parents." Assemblyman John L'. Es-g
posito said "llie New York State-f
rustling! ﬁe ’tclling hurl
young people to go out and have a“:
good time and I strongly disap-
prove." '

"I‘m surprised they allow people,

Siiiecihc prcsciit law requires coii- to sell beds iii this state." L‘ook fired

iruccpiii'cs to be kept out of sight.

hack.

Agreement Reached On
N.Y.S.CampaignLimit Bill

(Al’) Legislative leaders and Gov.
Malcolm Wilson were reported Sun-
day to have reached agreement ma
hill imposing strict new controls on
campaign spending and practices.

Ilie measure. reportedly more
similar to a hill already passed by the
Assciiihly thtin Iliconc proposed by
Wilson. would impose a ﬁll-cents-
per-eligiblc voter limit on spending
Hi all state aiitl local election races.

for a general election campaign
for governor. that would mean it $4.0
million limit Ior each candidate. at
current registration figures. Former
(iov. Nelson ltockclcllci reported
spending $0.7 million in his
successful |‘)7t) reelection campaign.

llie bill would also create alhiparl-
isan commission to cnl'orcellie elec-
lioii laws iind lillil political “dirty
tricks" a key feature of the
Assembly bill.

Wilson had proposed leaving en-

forcement powers where they are
now. in thelSeei'cturyoliSttite‘soflice.
As iicoiiccssionto gill“ position. the
agreed-upon bill re'p’ortcdly will put
the new commission technically
within the Department of State.

Sources in the Capitol said the
leaders and Wilson have also reach-
cil agreement on other issues that
must be resolved belorcadjourning
the regular I974 session.

lliey have agreed on a $35-
iiiillion—pliis program to aid college
students. and on limitations oil a
state aid program lor the Con-
solidated Edison Company.

Wilson‘s proposal is reportcu go-
ing ilirough major revision by
Republican legislators. who object
to its iprovisioiis for the state to ad-
minister rent-control programs
everywhere outside New York City.
Negotiations on the issue are to
begin Monday.

 

SEE
IHIIQD HAN D
Friday May 10, 1974

C.C. Snaclibar
FREE PEANUTS,PRETZELS,
LIVE MUSIC.

1

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE SEVENTEEN

 

 

