    
 
 
      
   
  
       
 
     
 
  
   
  
 
  
   
 
    
     
     
    
   

  
 
  
   

N  r .
l ~ I." FMUNG‘ All
My {V‘J'ECTII
so um, You cm
ALWAYS MAKE UP
FOR ' tT LATER.

   
 

 

 

 

   
   

6! Aims}
Nat NM},

 

 

Ion Guttman doesn’t like to categorize his work or
to speak of it in terms of trends: “1 never abandoned
anything for anything else.” Yet, through the years
his cartoons have demonstrated a definite
relationship to thelife, times and moods ofthe univer-
sity.
in 1969, one ofhis first Eeps, "one of the first good
on es” reflected studentanxiety about the draft. it was
favorably received by all the borderline students
who found themselves, like Ebbie, sweating over the
books in a last minute attempt to avoid being caught.
That cartoon began the tradition: Identification with
the Eep.

mu, Hg" :gg‘ar
F EU M ‘.
‘ R' E o’irirnEL’i,

   
  
    

2‘4
5
DA Wm, M

 

The Eep gre w. Jon grew. The cartoons became more
involved and more critical.

The Eep of October 8, 1971 was a "typical one that
got me in trouble". Members of the ltafian American
Students Alliance were angered by the placement of
(liis'ca rtob’r‘i above’a'n hrticle aboutItalian ethnic con-
sciousness. They felt that the cartoon "seemed to us to'
be stiying thal’all this ethnic sentiment was bullshit
and that the article was just another example of it.”
their major gripe was concerned more with the
placement of the cartoon, something Ion had nothing
to do with. Still,.lon received some nasty phone calls

from members of the alliance.

   

    
     

  

 

' L mare RME on -
"n' MN ﬂwé'ptfxlg GROUP at

—1 women IF
you (our. N

EBBIE
W 9 grew up A

EEI’

    

 
 
 
  
  
    
 

   
 
  

  
 

7tt£tt£t=ott£, THEN. Maui» WE
HAVE F0 on! REA:

' n ur, rm: ARE SOCIOLOGICAL ON a
Attorttftl, COMMITTED Au (tumor

in ran: ASSOCIATED wmt EACH
arrow THAT MAY arr 1' I

  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
 

   
  
   
  
 
   
   
    
   
 
       

 

E:
m. M r s, ur mum! MT Mai/it mm mm nor
Wrath! :AWrugks I an 91m: mica um up
out» umcu mxu'r, mm, "If M a.
MODUCED ITS GREM' A5

an MS mrAMouI.

 

  
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
  

Jon graduated. Ebbie graduated. Both were sup-
posed to leave and both came back.

Political apathyand the end ofthe warhad long put
draft-dodging Eeps out of busrness. Ebbie and his
friends had to find a new realm. By 1973 they had
lapsed into what Jon calls a "Kafkaesque world of
madn ess.” Heff the Strawberry, modeled aftera State
Quad friend named JeffStromberg, wasa fabrication
of this world.

   

    
 
 
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
 
     
    
   
    
     
    
    
    
     
   
    
     
   
 
  
   
   

 

W

   
  
 
   

   
 
    
   
    
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
  

   
   
 
  
      
     
 

0F meG '5 OKRV TO WKE
P ClI'

m
Allt'wttMT

vase tier. THAT klN—D

This did not deterhim from doing a cartoon in 1972
that dealt with matters sensitive to the Black student
population. The cartoon itselfsaid more aboutdissolv-
mg ethnic stereotypes than perpetuating them. Yet, it
still drew an angry reaction from some black
students, an eventual apology from the ASP editorial
board and a letter asking for an apology for the
apology. Someone finally grasped the words
between the lines, the sentiments inside the strands

of green eep hair.

 

. If it -
msnn! am:
"It ll my,“

  
  

 

M"

    
 
   
  
      
   

 

  

t

  
  

' smwmm

pm Doll (mt u
nu Munnrnrtttt
\

SVAAWIMRV
HAVE A FA“.

 
    
  

 

 

 

 
 
 
  
   

 

W

 

  

PAGE 6P

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 29, 1964

   

<    
 ~ TAction

 for Animals, Inc.

he National Science Foundation, an agency in the Executive branch ot the
T Federal government, has been supporting research in psychobiology tora

quarter ot a century. The ditterence between vivisection and psy~
.chobiotogy is that inrvivisection the animals have some hope at dying, either trom
’ the experiment or by being killed by the experimenters sometime atterward. tn
psychobiology, the animals are tortured and tormented throughout their entire
lives. in many experiments the experimenters use intensive and ingenious
methods to make the animals neurotic or to drive them insane.

Another name commonly substituted tor psychobiology is "animal behavior",
which doesn't mean what most people think it means. "Animal behavior" in the
laboratories means behavior modification, known in humans, expecialty
prisoners ot war, as brain-washing. Generally, it means torcing animals, otterr by
pain, tear, and/or mutilation, to commit unnatural acts.

Psychobiology was imported into the U.S.earty in this century born the Soviet
Union where tvan Pavlov was conducting his conditioned-retlex experiments on
dogs, 't'oday, students at institutions all over the country earn their PhD's and
other academic titles by mutilating, torturing and tormenting animals in this
brain-washing "animal behavior" research. But the staggering growth of psy~
chobiology did not occur spontaneously. It might never have taken place atatl,
except tor the multi-mittion dollar Congressional subsidies to the National
Science Foundation that have been used to nurture psychobiotogy since 1950,
not onty in research but in teaching. By subsidizing the teaching ot psy-
chobiology Congress has contributed substantially to the decline and tall ot
education in this country.

Curiously, while one ot NSF's stated objectives was to "advance the national

health ' while so many other "health" agencres already existed, the NSF trankty
says that it does NOT srjpport projects in clinical medicine, but supports "basic
research” without limit. Basic research is research which has no goal - that is, it is
not expected to produce anything usetul. The NSF states that in the biological
and medical sciences research directed toward solutions ot national problems
V "must be managed in such a way that the support ot basic reserach is strengthen»

ed and not eroded."

   
  
  
   

r

   
  
 
 

 
 
  
 

 
    
  

  
 
  
 
       

  

 
    
  
 
  
 
   
        
        

t‘oUritemaleandtwo mate‘rats, all sexually eirpe enc' , I I

placed in "mating afena'tandtrained to pressateveriNhic ' would retea oneo
the two sexually‘r‘eady males into the‘arena. ' ' H V . ,N r . L, 

Experii-nenters said that the temates establishedaprfétere’nce lOrOne or they 
other male in less than ten matings. Their study "Centirmed" the prediction that ,
"sexual pretercnces exist in ternate rats." Researchers reter’red toroth’ér ex~ _
perimenls which showed that a ternale rat spendsmore time witha mate ratwhen'. ‘
she is in heat than when she is not“ ' ' ' I, ’

(Jrie termite rat who switched partners died.

Pertoriiied at the American Museum 01 Natural History, Dept. of Animal
behawor, New York, N. Y. From Physio]. Behav. 12(1): .93, 1974:

twenty-tour adult male cats used. Researchers cited experiments pertormed
in 1929,1933,1950, 1951 and other yearswhich showed thatsexual behavior in
mammals depends upon sex hormones and that penis nerve injuries in cats
"protoundty" altect the animals’ sexual behavior.

their, to determine the influence ot androgen (male sex, hormone)on the sense
oi touch in cats' penises, the 24 animals tirst were given preliminary mating tests.
Each cat was scored tor such behavior as "anogenitat (anus and sex organs) snit-
ting" (1 point), "one or more neck grips" (2 points), "one short mount" (3 points).
"more than one medium mount" (5 points), and "one intromission“ (9 points).
One point was added tor stepping movements, pelvic thrusting, and each ad-
ditional penetration ot the temale.

Next, to animals were "chosen to be castrated" and were retesteduntiltheir
"mating behavior tell to a consistently low level”. A1124 cats, castrated or intact, '
were then subjected to a "terminal (tatat) etectro-physiologicat experiment."
bach animal was restrained in a rack "so that tront and hind leet rested lightly on
the table top", its head "clamped in a head holder", and its tail "dettected to the
side . . . to expose the perianal region." Then one penis nerve at each cat was sur—
gically exposed and laid “tlat but . . .not stretched" on a "hook-tipped, silver-wire"
electrode. The edges ol the scrotum (testicle sac) were tied to the surrounding
skin in three places to expose the penis, and the penis tip was "everted" (thrust
out) trom the protective toreskin by means ot an aluminum rod pushed against
the animal's groin so as to tOi'Ce the penis backward and upwards. "Drops oi
warm water applied to the penis kept it trom drying." .‘ g H .

hxperiinenters then manually stimulated both the "smooth" and "spiny" por-
tions ot the animals' penis tips by pricking them with the points ol thin nylon ' y;
tltdliients and by "sweeping" them with loops ot human hair. Each animal’s sen- '
SttIthy to this "stimulation" was recorded throuin the wire electrode attached to '
its exposed penis nerve. Though the spiny portion ot each cat's penis was more -;_
sr:ii$itive than the smooth portion, there was "essentially no ditterence...betWeen f
titt.tct animals and castrates" in their penis sensitivity. ' l

Conclusion: Ccisti'astion does not lessen the sense ot touch or teetinq in a cat's fl
penis. t-towever, "the penis ot intact animals became somewhat more protruded
«Itltt erect during .slimulation than that ot the castrates", but "one could arguethcit i
.r iron-erect or partially erect penis is not as sensitive as a hilly erect one." (PhD 5

   
   
        

 
  
  
  
  
 
 

  
 
      
    
  

   
    
        

    

 
 
 

dissertation)

    
 

fi'flt'llllt‘tf (ll f‘lOI'Itftt Slate Univ. lirllahassee, Florida. From lE/tl5 21(2): 30/,
ISJ/‘l:

  
  

 
 
 
 
  

 

 

rat died when she changed partners.

one sexually experienced female
by anti-liberationists?

Could it be a plot conceived

  
  

PET/ormed at the State University at Stony linitik, font; /.-=/tinrl N )’ l'ttiltl lt'l’l’

80(1). 113/, fun. 1974/;

.|HIIWl‘tl til Vitiwl through

Eighty-nine earthworms used. Nine earlhwonnr:
i filltlltltllltil Larrlt water

Plastic runway" tubes into home container t‘ln‘n str'uiu
"SUbSliluled tor moist earth at the end ot ttlt: ruirwuy ttii'i‘rtllttwtitlltﬁ im'oileri
markedly arid backed out ot the tube." hour Hitt'lllWUt‘tlltv rtli'il
: . Remﬁ‘ining earthworms then used in “ostunrtrrilty ittttttith'tttttilttit the lust ex-
perimenln- Salt solution also applied directly to Itthttltti itttit llt’itltfl (it some
Worms Seventeen worms died.
Conclusion: earthworms can renrenrhe
"0‘ l0F240 hours. Saltsolution applied towoi'rrrri' nrouthsunt
arms to avoid salt solution in the tube, ltttltt‘xttttttl “Ml
mmalﬂu-by Contact with the saline solution mnnot exploit! the FL
,ertation)

    
  
  
 
  
      
    
   

r to rtVHltt null solution tilt .J‘t hours but
ttll‘tttltittlli not touch
tilti-ei'rrtirrii Hi the

mulls] (PttDtlts

  

 
    
  

OCTOBER 29, 1974

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 
  
  
  
    
       

l‘irttl liltll‘titlt; timid. because "attack produced by electric SitUt?t’....t‘.tlS in,»
run: ‘nlty not i nu -n studied in the pigeon", the presentexperimentwus‘irrdoi‘ttiken
I rirrr iVlrtv‘ tlitut'lliittltilt about shocketiciled aggression in pigeons

t'.I-.|ii‘l||tit‘Illtii'ti EitLtt'VULt the pigeons to 80%. ot their normal body thtqttt rind
.ur [li'rttty lllttititlilt'l't electrodes Into their backs. then they placed Urtt'tl tilt'L‘t.
turn-iii lltillt irrwvrous experiments to be an “attacker” oi Ll "iioii-trttciL'I-Ler , in u. Lit

Lutuvnt‘tt \‘I-Ltil'tllttL’ftllrtt churiibei‘" with a stutted pigeon and 'iilugried' ihuiir "

 
   
    
       

tilt“ i.lir~«'t'. r Alttt‘L

it!“ in (it -hv«rr y t it «doctrii: shock, one pigeon “pecked the plug on its brick rtItLt 
int ttlt' 't :rlur itt rrrtitir.iirless' but "no pigeon attacked the target" (i e., the stutted l
tililt'l >ni t3.)'.|It‘lltiit‘tilCl'S said that the "inanimate target...inay riot be optimal tor
an n t. t'tlLItuit attack in pigeons" and concluded: "Absence oi shock-elicited (tt- 
lrtt't'. til ltti'h‘ti pigeons...may yet be another instance ot ttieﬁabserice oi shook-
i'lli'lt'ut .itttiuk iii the class Aves"(birds). (National Science Foundation Grant).

      
  
  

        
 
   

     

 
  
    
  

l"t“.llUl'Itl(;‘Cf at Yale Univ. School at Medicme,‘ Connecticut Mental Health Ctr.
a Mom Nature .229: 2.22, Feb. 17, 1971:

   
 
 
 

l-itteen rats and unstated numbers oi trogs and mice used. Becausecheinicat
.;ltltlLtttitl0H ot certain brain sites "tacititatesor even elicits trog~kitling and mouse-
tziltinti in rats, tubes were implanted into the rats' heads tor delivery ot chemicals
into the tinirriuts brains.

two riticiiitL'tilS, cai'bachol and noradrenaline, were adriiiiristered-to the
.rnrnruts' rrridbi'ains on ditterent days. in 5 0t 22 nridbrain sites, carbachol inv
.‘itztised the speed With which rats attacked and killed the trogs and mice.
Norrutionatine had the same ettect at the same sites, but this was "unexpected"
Liernrrrse prevrous experiments in 1969 and 1970 indicated that noradrenaline
wrilier decreased or did not attect trOg-killing and mouse-killing by rats.

Atropine (a sedative and antspasrnodic), administered to 3 ot the same mid-
ttt'.tltt sites, blocked the ettects oi carbachot at other brain sites.

tirorn these experiments it seems likely that an area in the...midbrain,..is iii-
vritved in the mediation Ol aggresswe behavior iii the rat." (Predoctorat

   
  
    

  

 
 

  

tellowship)

   
  

PAGE 7P

