1 ‘ ans-MUN kM.w.—gm.~1 .t.< x. J... _.

 

 

'cha'lglﬁ" ‘ °“’l ngpﬁétﬁ'esa sated: at" in:  "

.a ety' oi topics in one test: we’re providing a variety oi
7  ' to is * "on’74.~ -
y , top Neonrk

oi the céndidates on the various issues,

,_ be” 98:, end a discussion to the transportation

“319,119 thing 's’eems‘to be'certainllit is'the imminent Democratic

' phrade into they‘rnain ring at the political circus. We have it from the

fortune teller that. Hugtharey will be the ring master, with Ramsey
‘Clark a potential liontamer. Abrams and leikowitz are still on the
tightrope, dueling it out‘tor the other's tall and Mary Anne Krupsak
is certainly taking the spotlight as_the trapeze artist at the races.
Caso can be the hot dog salesman in the stand-s, and lavits is the

'giant of the midway. But-remember, it's as who buy their tickets.

Here in the oiiice, we're madly trying to arrange to'send some
reporters to the New York headquarters at the candidates so that we

I can provide ﬁrst-hand coverage alter the vote. The issue (it we can

get it to the printer by seven in the morning) will be at your local
newsstand Wednesday, November 6th. .

Dan and Barbara will be back next week with an a ticle on the
local bars, a feature on the history of .Ebbie the Eep, and other
stories. .

We hope the articles here whet your political appetites—the next
step is Yours. It is you who'll make the news November 5th.

Nancys A. and M

Sir Launeelot and the Mighty Jacob

In which the reader sees a Launcelot trying to unseat the verray, par/it, lacob knighte.

Keating'lligs in Jaﬂts’ Side

tate elec- ‘

In which ,the readerwsees Mrs. Keating stealing some votes lrom the Senior Senator lrom New York.

Carey on the Rise

In which Hugh Carey is seen‘to be breaking the Republican hold on the Governship.

And Wilson in Decline

In which Malcolm Wilson will become Malcom-Ex.

A Diagram of the Issues and the Candidates

In which the reader learns who stands [or what issue.

The Attorney General, the Comptroller,

and the Challengers

'In which Lelkowitz and Levitt are discussed asN YS In stitutions’.

God and the Young Pup

In which Mr. May attacks everyone except his opponent, the good and wise Mr. Levitt.

“Not Just one of the Boys” and (line of the Boys

'In which Ms Krupsak is seen as "not just one at the boys, "and that'sabout it, and

Mr. Case is seen as a penny-pinching administrator.

Building Iii) Tracks and Preserving the Rails

In which the railroads are examined and the pros and cons ol the band are dis- cussed

Alternatives to the‘System (Times Six)

In which the alternative parties are seen to propose radical changes in American

government, and in which the “Hot Dog Demonstration " is examined.

Across the Country,

It Looks Like More Democratic Governors

In which the governor‘s races across the country are looked upon as lavorable [or

the Democrats and rather tragic lor the Republicans.

 

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

#4

OCTOBER 22, 1974

,’,->

Lauri

by Michael Sena
ith current wholesale packag-
w ing oi candidates by Madison
.\ Avenue, big money-stealing
elections, and Machiavellian notions
oi power and how to get it, it’s easy to

heroiZe Democratic senatorial can-
didate Ramsey Clark.

[is so easy to let ilow the metaphors '-

about Clark's being the Sir Launcelot
oi politics.

It takes a jolt lor us to remember that
Clark is using his $100 contribution
limit as a political issue. lnstead oi
spending hundreds oi thousands blit-
zing the media to sell himslet, he
appeals to voters by not spending
much money. One way or the other,
the business is: getting elected.

it's so easy to iorget that at the core,
Clark is still a politician.

This year's Senate race is not a black
hat-white hat shoot out, as some might
think. Republican lacob lavits has not
been that bad a politician. With a long
list at liberal legislation, he has in—
trcduced and been a main proponent
ol the War Powers Act at 1970 which
reasserts the legislature’s tinal war-
making powers. He has introduced
and guided the Private-Pension
Reiorm Bill which provides pensions to
employees alter working with a com-
pany tor litteen years.

in Civil Rights, a campaign worker
said the incumbent has been
"marching to the beat ol a diiierent
drum." In 1972 he ﬂoor-managed the
Equal Opportunities Bill. This bill
strengthensthe Equal Opportunities
Employment Commission which in-
vestigates alleged discriminations in
hiring practices

In consumer protection legislation,
lavits has supported bills tor proper
labelling oi hazardous toys, minimum
tederat standards tor product warranty

n

- Ramsey Clark, alias Launcelot

and the listing ol ingredients on lood
packages.

lavits is the ranking Republican on
the Committee on Labor and Public
Wellare, as well as a member at the
prestigious Foreign Relation Com-
mtttee.

lavits says he supportssome lorm ot
public campaign linancing. In 1973,
however, he voted against a bill
limiting campaign contributions to
3151000 per person. v

A Senator tor eighteen years, lavits
has many iniluential lrtends who do

OCTOBER 22, 1974

w

 

Sfifnc'erityW has

been Clark's"-  " 

coiiiributor, and tree access tor can-

   ;  -' didates to radio,T.V.,andthe mails!“

Clark has not spent a cent tor televi-

m a v e r i c  C o  b    g sioi‘ij or radio advertisements.‘ Even‘

though it’s a gimmick it's-a striking

mmlster or .rabbl speaka —* 333325533121Emitstttifgt;' '

even our own father.

not want him to lose on Election Day.
About 25% ct Republican's con-
tributions come lrom members oi the

' banking and securities business. More

than three-lourths oi Javits'l$514,000
come tram contributions oi a $1.000 or
more. I

As to charges that he got $130,000
lrom bankers and $20,000 from the
load industry, lavits said that his record
"completely nullities" any implication
oi their iniluence on his voting.

However, as lavits has consistently
lought tor these interests, they respond
with campaign money: Bankers don't
generally pour money into campaigns
unless they have received returns ior
their money in the pastand they know
that these returns will continue.

Clark has it right when he accuses
lavits oi "old politics." "He's the part at
the Senate which has served special
interests and paralyzed" the law-
making process, explained the Texan.

The incumbent is a cratty veteran.
lavits knows what to do and towhomto
cater to get elected. Yet, Clark has seiz-
ed upon lavits' campaign tinancing,
and is wringing his neck.

Clark is a unique politician. It’s
ironic that he is doing so well. Lacking
charisma, he is not an over~powering
speaker. However, Clark has a rare vir-
tue tora politician—sincerity. Sincerity
has been Clark‘s political uranium
mine, The maverick could be our
minister or rabbi speaking—even our
own lather.

Clark is not boisterous or torceiul as
lavits is, but he is the type oi politician
that supporters might cry over it"he
loses—dike Eugene McCarthy in 1968.

Clark has a certain down home

. warmth abouthim. Ol all supporters ol

candidates, only Clark's would ask him
to autograph a book. Only to him
would they tell stories at how the little
ones back home are doing.

Clark comes only once a decade.

In the early Johnson years, Clark was
the nation's Attorney General. He has
always been an outspoken protectorcl
civil rights and liberties. When the nu-
tion was hit with riots, Clark told the
police that by shooting looters they
were violating the activists' civil
rights.

In his 1968 elections campaign Nix-
on said the lirst thing he would do it
elected would be to remove Clark.

A key campaign issue at Clarke is
the need lor integrity in politics. “We
must restore integrity to government so
that the public can again participate
tully in their won governance. We
need strong conilict~olvinterest laws
vigorously enlorced, a rigorous code at
ethics and lull linanctal disclosure by
high public ollicials," said Clark.

As does lavits, Clark has a liberal

television campaign, and Clark is out “
to beat-one New York's biggest vote-
4 getters without spending a cent on
stance on the issues. He believes in a media advertising. ' .
national ban on handguns, checking The latest poll indicates that Clark is
the "social causes" oi crime, strict trailing the incumbent bY SGVGD
wage and price controls, stringent tax percentage points; 39-32, with 20%
retorm, and creation oi a national Con. undecided. Whether or not Clark ttnal-
sumer Protection Agency to equalize ly overtakes lavits is still hazy. Yet, the

the consumers‘ power with that ol big Republican is scared. It's been a long

business.

Throughout the campaign Clark's
key issue has been campaign iinan-
cing. He believes that big business
dominates politics and politicians. To
cut the undue influence at these cord
porate magnates Clark said, “We need
a combined program at public iinan-

while since he's had this tough a light.
Supporters hope there's still enough
magic around to hoist Clark aboartka
plane to Washington. - ' 
Many teel that it would be a tribute to
our political process, which has been
much maligned in recent years, it
Clark could ride into Washington with

cing and a strict $100 limitation per the imminent Democratic wave.

Firearm; Digs inhwits’ sad]

by James Robins '

BUFFALO (AP) Sen. lacob lavits, R-N.Y., says the Conservative party can-
didacy oi liarbara Keating could siphon votes lrom his re-election eiiort.

The three-term senator also expressed concern over a reported drop in his
traditionally strong support irom liberal lewish voters in the New York City area.

Mrs. keating's candidacy attracted little notice until a newspaper poll publish-
ed last week gave her nine per cent at the statewide vote.

lavits, and his Democratic opponent Ramsey Clark, have both taken suppor-
tive liberal stands on busing, legalized abortion, public iinancing at political
campaigns and clemency tor Vietnam War dralt dodgers and deserters.

Mrs. heating has expressed her opposition to each at those issues, and lavits
said some voters may turn to her in an anti-liberal protest.

"l do teel that those who wish to tile a protest vote tor Mrs. Keating should con-
sider very caretully what attest that might have in giving them Ramsey Clark,"
lavits said Friday in an interview with The Associated Press.

“The moderate and more conservative vote is just between me and Mrs.
heating, and all the protest votes tor Mrs. Keeling can do is reduce my vote,"
lavits said.

lavits, running with the Republican and Liberal party endorsements, has won
three consecutive elections since 1956 with the combined support ol upstate
Republicans and liberal Jewish voters in the New York City area.

The same poll which showed Mrs. Keeling rising on lavits' rignt 6150 showed
the senator's lewish support dwindling.

"I gathered lrom the breakdown oi the newspaper poll that there has been
some loss at Jewish voters' support, and l've done my utmost to repair it,’ lavits
said. '

lavits has stepped up his criticism ol Clark's policy on Israel, saying Clark
called tor the establishment at a Palestinian state on the West Bank at the lordan
River in n postlion paper issued in early September.

the worrls "West Bank" appear nowhere in Clark's paper, and Clark has cic-
cuscd lavtts ol distorting the Issue in a manner Clark said was characteristic ol

 

desperation.

All three candidates appeared last weekend at a bong lsland synagogue
whens Clark received two standing ovations while lavits received none.

Mrs. t'xeating recalled Friday that during her talk at the synagogue "they
cheered when I knocked lavits, but when l knocked Clark they booed and
hissed."

the newspaper poll gage lavits a 3940-32 percentage point lead over Clark,
Willi 130 percent undecided and Mrs. Keeling collecting nine per cent.

Mrs. healing said the undecided percentage showed "there are many, many
New Yorkers who were truly lelt at the post when two liberals Were sent to run tor
the Senate in this state."

’t think it's certainly a very close race between lavits and Clark. lthink l'm pull-
Ing votes tram both ol them," she said.

"The campaign in the remaining days will develop into a genuine three-way
nice," Mrs. heating predicted.

“One thing is clear right now: lacob lavits is running scared. Ramsey Clark is

 

 

lrunning in circles, and tar running to win.” I

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS , PAGE as

 

 

 

