 

Page l'wo

sweeten» 

Nag

 

Vol. VII March it

Published weekly during the college
year by [he Student liody of the New
York State College for Teachers at
Albany, New York. ‘

The subscription role is three dol-
lars per year. Advertising rates may
be bad on application to the business
manager.

(Articles, manuscripts, etc., must be
in the hands of the editors beiorc Moti-
ilin oi the week of publication.)

ﬁllitor-iii—Cliici

Robert Mnclt‘arlane, '23

Managing Editor
Vera Nolan, ’23
llnsincss Manager
Grace Fox, '23
Subscription Manager
Eira Williams, ’23
Assistant Subscription Manager
Ruth Tefft, ’23
\ssistant lliisiiiess Managers
i'ldith Saunders, ’23
Dorothy Jones, ’24
Associate i'Iditors
Dorothy Dnngremond, " 3
Doris Butler, ’23
Dorothy \'. licnnit, '24
Reporters
Margery Baylcss, ’24
Mildred Kuhn, '24
Agnes E. Nolan, '24
Helen M. Orr, ’24
Muriel Weber, ’24

 

 

PAY FOR FED. BEFORE EASTER

NOTICE

it is a custom for all students at
State College to refrain from carry-
ing books and papers into Student
Assembly on Friday mornings. This
custom, it is hoped, will be kept as
faithfully this year as it has been in
the past.

SPRING IS COMING

The spring sport season is almost
at band. in a few more Weeks, we
hope it Will be weeks, tennis racqucts
and baseball bats will be the popular
weapons. Snowshoeing, skating, and
skiing have had their full swing for
many long months. Now their
season is over, and the mind wanders
to the means of recreation during
the warm, green days that are
coming.

Now is a good time to plan for
the sports that are to be in vogue.
Now is a good time to get that new
hat or raeqtiet. What a relief it will
be to get out of doors for a while
to enjoy a fast match or game. No
more shut in days. The world is
about to be opened. Better be ready
to start the season with a bang.
Don’t let the pent up spirit of winter
be wasted.

CORRECTION

Our attention has been called to a
mistake that appeared in the issue of
February 16. One of our contri-
butors it: an article entitled “The
Coach and His Salary” stated that
athletic scholarships were paid at
Hamilton. Hamilton is not following
this policy, and the writer was mis-
informed in regard to this fact.
While the editors do not assume any
responsibility for statements appea -
ing under “Student Comment’ we
take pleasure in correcting this error.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 9. l923

STUDENT COMMENT]

 

 

 

 

 

MYSKANIA

During our freshman days, the
eleven or thIVc black-robed figures
that appeared before us from time.
to time, inspired us with awe, and
seemed to symbolize to us everything
that We wanted our college to stand
for. it's true that they didn’t seem
to do much except appear once ill a
while in chapel and at college func-
tions, looking wise and dignified.
Nevertheless, they stood for somc~
thing in our eyes and, after all, we
decided that Myskunia was another
of those positions with lots of honor
and very little work.

However, with the appearance of
a new body of Myskania, and a new
class, things seemed to change. This
organization seemed to be taking a
great deal of iower into its hands
and to actual y begin interfering
with some of our special privilege
They even begun to ohjo't t H ’
which we considered perfectly r
and the seemed to be turning every-
inst us. immediately, then,
like little children, we “set up a
bowl" and resolved to revolt.

itcr coming so For in college,
are we aftc' all, only Children" Of
course the members of tania
are only students like ourselves, and
We have bad p ‘aeticiilly no voice in
choosing them. l‘ltlt they are seniors
who, for that reason alone, should
deserve our respect; and they have
indirectly, in our groups and “gangs”
been tho eltoseit‘ litili s. ,0 you
think that it.is an easy task for own
upper classmen to decide the prob—
lems ol‘ their fellow students in an
impartial way? Of cou
not always approve
we do not know all the laets ol' the
ease, and we are not capable of
judging them since We are preju«
diced. But surely you cannot
imagine your sister class and your
own friends deliberately plotting
against you and turning everyone
rise against you. Let’s not be little
children any longer and determine
to have “an eye or an eye, and a
tooth for a tooth," but let's show
Myskania that we still honor aiul
respect them. “Be a sport!"

’25

    

.r

    
     

 

 

   

 

 

STATE COLLEGE and COURTESY

Most of the students of State
College attended the concert given
two weeks ago at Chancellors’ iiail.
it was a good performance, so very
good that to have it marred by the
rude behavior of some of the college
students, seemed a shame. 'i‘hey whis-
pered, laughed. and even talked
during almost the entire evening.

The disturbance began when the
college orchestra appeared for the
first selection on the progr ltl‘
“Who’s that girl in the red dr '.’
I don’t like it, do you? ’i‘oo conspic-
uous.” And so they continueil'to
to discuss other members of the
orchestra while people who wished to
enjoy the music glared incft‘eetually
at the offenders. The appea ‘ancc of
the college chorus gave further
opportunity for a discussion of
clothes. hair-drc'sing and posture.

At first a lenient observer doubt—
less thought, "Well, those college
students probably think that it
doesn't matter if they do talk as it’s
their oreh- m and chorus, which
they’ve heard so many times before
that they aren’t so interested in this

  

part of the program, at least in the.

 

lmnsic of it, us they would be if FRENCH FETE A SUCCESS
strangers were taking pui‘lu" “lit Friday evening the li‘rcncb l“i‘lw
when Chiel.‘ Os—l(u-N0n"l‘uﬂ “Ci-iii” to I was held in the gym which was \'t'l",‘
tHllltz‘ and to boot the tom-tom 0” attractively decorated for the owl
,stuirc in pi‘olm'iliion ['01' MS WM ’l‘he booths too were very attracts.»
ell'ectivo entrance, eil'cctive because with up their Munch “mates. 0,“, H,»
‘llt! was apparently its unconscious oi‘Ittw most popular booth“ was “my ,,r
the audience as if he were alone inﬂarchch pastrhm’ hecuum, or “'5 '
a still place in the woods, it was dis— quantities amt VHWJHW or w“,
linClly .ltll'l'inii‘ 10 “WE i1 HM WhlSiJUl' things to eat, for nothing in this llll“
Pitfl‘Clllli‘lyt “Oh: I’m 5" “Cil"“'b “"“nll' had been neglected. The mind.
you? isn’t it thrilling?" and to lllth'rimoth was wry pmmtum hm; “hm
others add further coulmtfllirh‘ Willi?“ i the doll booth. This year the do".
did not “Wit “"1" “UL “Onlli'L'U‘l “Llwm'e dressed in provincial cesium
intervals during his other songs. land were very pretty. Ont- of tin
’i‘herc are several reasons why,improvements over last year Wti.
people should not talk nor create  Hm incrhhm, mm mm,” or how,” ‘
any kind of it disturbance during “tuna hirhnch goods, on Lh“ Whhh
performance. 4 First, it is unfair to i “m rum was Vary sue, fut with ,,
those who have come to listen, asjhmths.
it 1""?‘il‘i‘mly “W’W'Mv‘i “mm “0t (ml-Vi The entertainment was all llilil
“‘0’” lli'ill‘l'lii' "VWYH‘lW'i but illgolcould be expected and a little lri’
from entering into the spirit of tllt’tlmom, with M dancing. mm ml“
thing. Further, the topics (liscusst'd‘om, 01- Lhu hih. “Mums of llhh ,h
during the performance could just terminmhm was ,, [crunch rulk mm,
as wall lll‘ discussed soon-where else which WM, wry hmuy with H”, hm
“L 501"" (’l-l'm' Hm“ ‘Vll‘hmlt im-V in the dance dressed in costuiwu
great loss to those interested intlicmhrph“ NM or um Wuninu was 1:5,,“
Indeed, the [H'U'llt' who talk tilitt‘llthm. m ,hmcin,’ and ,,\,,,,.y,,,.,. ,.,
be benefited by the porl'ornianee “hymn”, a {wad “mm
they would t: ' their whole ilLLt'il-i AS yut tho “hunch” mun.“ hm,
“0” L“ it- Mm'mw’rv “0min” i‘L‘inot been reported, but We all lool.
mo ‘e discctii'tcoiis or disturbing to‘rmwmd to u MOM Sheep“.
an artist than to have a continuous
talking or whispering going on. Mr. :
iiug‘i Walpole met such an annoying‘ Y. W. BIBLE LECTURES
Silllilliim W'l'y “lli'Cthly i” 1'1” 1"" Due to the fact that State ln-I
cent lecture lnzi'c. 'l'wo people Wirl‘ttlhuhhms do not inchhh, mm... . i
keeping up a steady conversation in “We Study in thh. mricuih sh”.
ill“ “1le 01' Lil“ M“. An” I""ki’m‘Collogc has never had any ss'stivnin
Hi “Him St'Vm'ill “NW-“v M"- Willlw'“ tized instruction along rcl' ions line.
stoppml his lecture and told them to rphhm hm.u hGun in push M,“
10m," “1" 'imhm' {.m'lchV-V hi“: “HM in' on study classes and i‘eligxio
 v  o' , t'll‘ sea s. ,
milk-riddinglinixhl: piinisiinicnt \ViiLllil‘liichll-US‘ “(’“fluum'l “lid” “1‘2”;
mm,ch “w hml lmhih hm) which ‘ [illct‘ﬂ oi the idewman (.lub and 3.. \
some of the (tolli-L'Ji- students have1 A- “‘W 3’05)": [liiti'llll‘lf‘g “ll
fallen. ll.it when they realize tilltltMOquy' Min-Ch “Rainy” “n” I)“ J
their careless behavior at llllllllclsm'mf'ur talks 0"? (“Idol-“31".3W1: IH‘
gatherings will give outsiders a very}Um mm“ by WWII“ hl’i'dl‘mh' .H"
bad impii-ssion not only oi them butimlks 90 he hum, m} “mililﬂ'v “Hi. ,
ol' Slate (lolliege, their loyalty, it is noons in the auditorium li'om -i unii.
*' o’clock will l)t: most inl‘ormal. it

certain, will not let. them fall their
Alma Miller. ‘is urged that all interested studi-ul
2.: attend.

‘l‘,il

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

   

NEWMAN CAKE SALE

___.______.__
,
Round the College livery year Newman Club illlilllli’li
 . . .s ccs that she Will have a -al<:- Min
‘and every year this illanLlnCHiit-lil, i‘

1.11m“,- guop, '23 Tenn-n.3,; f,.omil'o|lo\veil by the same resuitr: nuul'r
' . baking of cake ’lntl boiling o cam J~

be] home at Goshm, N. Y., iucsday 3 “y Um “chm chm mhmhm.» ,th
March 2b. Her lather, who has been . mm.“ buying. amt mung. or “n.5,. u’tillil
ill. is much better. lthings by the entire strident bnd.‘
F‘ancis Du Bois ‘5 entertainediThis .V» S sale. held on 'l‘hursi’lli‘iltv

. . ' '. .' “ti ‘ ' .‘ 't- oxceition. i

hm- S'Sti‘r’ MW "will" “u Bms’ lm" l'tidiil‘rlldiiil'iyi ghill/ll:siifhtrted In little lot
0““ “‘0 “"ii-‘l‘d‘n‘l’ rielie' and the stul'l'od dates a hill-
lilisie Leonard, ‘23, Marie 5nrgen,jhit more delicious than in l()i‘tlii'i
‘25, Madeline Graves, ’25, Elizabeth.l’trtil's,tliii& this. \tvas hi'tilliablyuill‘l‘h-hin
 ’9:- . .. - . y — par 'o 'l(! visa 0 ie I i 
MW“?! “‘"’ “21mm” limb!” 2"” ‘ lonten season to start on the nun-row.
Madeline Hold, 24, Marion Farrell,pr committee! umhh. Lhu him. .h
’24, Betty Hartnctt, ’25, Ethel Pal-g rection of Catherine Hanley, 2":th

 

t...—

 

 
 

 

 

kosky, ’24, Vei'nice Wilson’ '25,  that everyone was} satisticd lihuld Itlllif't‘l
Zelma German, '26, Mildred While-:ggunli's ‘Vrﬁ‘zfnsl‘tlt‘lgy gxflchlzmnumm l“
imvcr’ “ 5’ HMO" K'm‘m‘l’ ’25i'about fifty dollars. This means that
‘Helcn Orr, ’24 and Alice Leidman, ’25 um Newman ,thlumwc from Stupid”
intended the Sophomore Soiree at the Clil'l' lint/en Confergnwhwlilt'li
‘Union on Friday, March ‘. ,lri held every summer, Will this ye.“~
] ileatrice Martin, ’24 has returned “t‘avel in style Willi the host 0'
tto college after her recent illness. hem."

 
 

 

m. MW. e, ...Nc..tmm.hnm..,_m

 

