 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page Four S '1‘ A 'l.‘ E C O L L E G E N

 

EWS, JUNE 8, 1923

MEN 5 ATHLETICS

VARSITY BASKETBALL TEA M~ 1 922-1923.

VARSITY BASKETBALL

The major sport for the year [923 at State College has been basket.
ball. ln spite of the fact that many of the int-iiavere new the team showed
up Well when it went on the court for its first game. . The schedule
included games wih some very fast tcanis. A northern trip was planned
during which State played Clarkson and St. Lawrence. '

There was also ela.s basket-ball between the ri 'al classes both of which
turned out good quintets and every game was a hard fought battle to the
finish.
State's five was made up largely of players recruited from class tennis,
whicn gave some of the men the advantage of having worked together
before, and as a result the games showed some good cooperation teamwork
on the part of every man. Individual plays had but a small place in the
mines. While St s men lost a number 0 ftheir games, they gave their
opponents many a good stiff fight as a r',‘ ult of their work as a team.
No team can be a success which relies on individual work, and State's men
seemed to realize that fact.

Many of the victories won over the I‘urpie aml Gold can be traced to
the fact that they were playing teams which outclassed them. Whenever
State played with teams of its own class, it always made a good showings.

’l‘eams from a strictly man’s college have better chances for picking
good players for they have more men from which to select. in a college
where there are but few men it is nearly impossible to organize a team on
which all the players have had experience and training. Each year seine
men will have little or no training and all their experience must be gained
during the short practice period prior to the opening of the season. With
such conditions "'stingz‘, it can easily be seen why State was outclassed by
many of the visiting teams. No amount of coaching“ or hard work can
make a winning: team “over night”. it takes experience.

evcrtlielcss the Purple and Gold has every reason to be proud of its
basket-ball team, and next .. son should see it ready to cope with the
teams from some of the larger colleges.

The team this year has been under the management of Robert Mac
Farlane, '23, while Edward Shirley, "24 has held down the position of
Captain. Both the men have filled their positions well and bare done their
utterinost for the success of the team.

Iilward Juckctt, '25 has been elected captain for next year. and
Oliver Putnam, ’24 has pulled down the position of manager. “Jack” has
had experience playing the game, and “Pat” has been out for manager
since his freshman year. Both men should be able to fill their respective
offices in an efficient manner.

The Manager.

Robert Mac Farlane, manager for the basket-ball season 1922-1923,
arranged a schedule which included games with some excellent college
teams. Among those played were Colgate, Clarkson. Hamilton, Williams,
and Union. "Bob" has held down his position in fine shape, and has
shown remarkable ability. He was aided by assistant managers Putnam, '2-1
and Scott, '26, with Fenncr, '25 and Nolan, ’26 as tryouts.

  
 

 

“J
53'

 

 

 

 

Shirley.

This season was Captain Shirley’s
third year on the Varsity basket-hall
team where he has held the position
of guard in the line-up. “Eddie's”
first two seasons proved him far
enough superior to his team mates
for him to be named 1922 captain
and it was proved that the team’s
confidence in him was not misplaced.
Nowhere this season has he shown the
brillant ability of his first two years,
but his work as guard was almost
faultless. He was absolutely depend-
able in every tie-ht squeeze and often
broke through the opponent’s defense
to score when it was least expected
of him.

Juckett.

“Jack”, the hrillant player from
Bouquet, played a stellar name——
holding: down the position of guard
throughout the entire season. Often
by his lll‘ill‘llil. playing" Bouquct’s
hero preventi, a fast opponent from
rolling: up a his score, His spirit
and dash, were always such as to
raise the fighting blood of the entire
team. Juckett’s ability could not :50
unrecomiizcd, and he was
mously named captain for the coming
season. ' doubt Captain

  

 

‘ Vithout
Juckctt will lead his warriors forth

of 1923—24.
. Landon.

“Slim” also is a Varsity man from
last year. Because of ill health, he
was unable to start the season and
did not take his place until the season
was half over. He played a very
dependable game at center, alwavs
getting the “tipmff” and seldom
failed to score. His work \‘as espec-
ially notable on the Northern trip,
where be combined a brillant attack
with a steady defense. “Slim”

 

'aluable man to have on the team.

to man} a victory din-int: the season-

 

unani-_

always plays a clean came and is a ‘3" “"3

 

Hornung.

This was llerby’s second year as
a Varsity player. He made is
“debut” during his freshman year,
and was one of State’s sturdy players,
starrinp,‘ persistently throughout the
season. He divided his efforts
between the center and forward posi-
tions and filled both places with
equal ability. Hcrby’s sure aim when
shooting: foul baskets made the oppo-
nents dread his chance to aim the
ball at the target. -

Cato".

Caton made his first appearance
on our college basket—ball floor this
year, but his experience on other
teams and his ability immediately
brought him to the fore. 10 was
one of State’s most; consistant
scorers and never failed with the
proper spirit of battle and courage
even in the darkest moments of the
names Hampered somewhat by
having; his leg: injured in football.
he nevertheless was one of the
fastest men on th efloor. His speed.
coupled with his ability at pass work,
made him at all times a dangerous
opponent.

 

 

 

Brenlaw.

Breslaw, “the Albany flash”, in
spite of a serious handicap in Weight.
starred many a time during: tin-
season. He made himself known for
his fighting spirit, and whenever
“Bill” was on the floor, Stall-'5
rooters felt assured that the grand
was going; to be fast and interestimg.
"Billy" ranks among the high;
scorers of the year. “Bill” I: .i
proved that he can play the gum»
and play it well.

  

 

I Gainor
Gainer first made his appearance
court this year, but he

(Continued on page 5)

