 

 

 

 

 

 

PageTwo STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCT. 12,1923
” iauauimmammm ’ COLLEGE CALENDAR
 a Thru The Keyhole - may. 0...»... 12
Vol VIII Oct. 12, 1923 No. 3 ,, HChemistry Club—4:10 PM. Room

 

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New
York State Colic ‘e for Teachers at
Albany, New Yor .

The subsoription rate is three dol-
lars per year. Advertising rates may
be had on application to the business
manager.

(Articles, manuscripts, etc., must
be in the hands of the editors before
Monday of the week of publication.)

Editor-in-Chiaff
Dorothy V. Bennit. ’24
Managing Editor
Mildred Kuhn, ’24
Buninou Manager
Dorothy Jones, '24
Subleriplion Manager
Ruth Ellis, '24
Aniunnt Bulinau Managers

ois More, ‘25 ‘

 

At the Get Wise Party Friday, Oc-i
tober ﬁfth, the Freshmen discovered,
a new kind of powder guaranteed to
make any face immune to the devas-
tation of the moth. ’l‘hcy tasted a
delicate dish called "The Cats’ Eye
Balls.” Mayhap the learned Sopho-
mores have been doing research work
in the cook books of King Tut. Ma~
terial for Freshman theme was en-
riched by such Scholastic phrases as
“Pipe down." ’l‘he wisdom imbibed
was considerable, and each Freshman
sagely remarked at the end of the
Party "that’s that."

7h iii il| >l'

Dr. 'l‘hompson—(to his chorus of
State College songbirds) “Now, then,
all togetheri Don’t forget to come
in on your pinkiesi”

’i‘ ll: ill is
Many students, especially football

Auocing Editor. linen, would greatly appreciate it if
Kathleen Furmnn, '25 1th amiable cafeteria maids would
Florence Plntner, ’25 remember once in a while that all

Margaret Dcmm-est, ’25 their patrons haven't canary bird
appetites. Dr. Croasdale might be

Reporters I . I
Helen Elliott, ’26 willing to give some adrice concern-
Margarct Benjamin, '26 mg the size of the portions.
Joyce Persons, ’26 r r r *
Hnl‘l'l’ GOMWIY: '26 Doctor Hutchinson can go right
-——————— on teaching that men write the laws.
G A A_ HIKE HIGHLIGHTS but every woman will continue to
,.' . . write her own declaration of inde-
lhei'c were some startling teatures pondcncc
about the C.  A. hike'on Saturday, 'Now u'mt prof. Rislev and his [w
90mm. i," “‘9 §?l'c"'"g .“ir‘wt 0tiinous wise-cracks are sojourning ini
Fat Man s GreVicc 'on the ircshinen, Europe giving “1,, nobilitv the (man
the spasms of agonized tWisting one over in' an clrort ‘to ﬁnd 'somc good
“some” to '" .or‘il’l' l0 '"ﬂvunt one,” football material for Colgate, the
sausage from tailing into the ashes— contest next Spring. for the most pop_
and failed, Dr. Croasdale’s brilhantiumr mamas“ will be intemqting
bundanna, and Miss Movis’ impro- ' " * m * w ' '
“SUI bdn' It is reported in semi-ofﬁcial circles
lthat many upper-classmen will repeat
PROFESSOR KIRTLANDI BRINGS 1 History 2 next semestrc so they can
To LIGHT SgglissEJPPRESSED ‘lcarn something about feudalism,

 

 

 

Professor Kirtland has been mak-
ing some camera studies of the State
College buildings which he states are
the best things he has ever done. The
admiration which a View of the nega-
tives invoked from the members of
the classes in which they were exib-
ited led Professor 'Kirtland to prom-
ise to have some proofs made if the
student wished to possess them.

xi: ill a a

Coach Wagner gave the lecture to
the Freshman in History 2 last week
in the absence of Professor Hidlcy.

‘ '. .-i
(BIIlBanng * m

Deep-laid plans of a certain group
of Freshmen to steal the Sophomore
banner Friday night were ruthlessly
squashed at Chapel that morning
when it was announced that banner
rivalry would positively not begin un-
til aiter the freshmen have a banner
of their own.

’l‘ 5" ii! iii

Although the football team was ab-
sent last Friday night on the occa-
sion of the freshmen initiation, there
was ample evidence that all the line
backers in the college were not with
the team. As one mass of under-
classmen jammed their way from the
ice-cream table, loaded with the pre-
cious booty, the incoming hordes con-
tested overy inch of ground, often
driving the others back to the"
“goal posts." Coach chncr certain-
ly missed a good opportunity of pick-
ing the women for his feminine foot—
ball eleven.

at

Great was the indignation among
some of the upiwrclasmnen last Fri-
day night when they arrived at col-
lege only to be refused admission to
the gym where the initiation orgies

 

iAnne Boleyn, Luther and the World

It so happens as Dr. Russell would War, besides knowing that Henry the;
diagnose us that we are “sum-ring Eighth would have made a wonderful,
from a suppressed desire” to under- full-lek 0" the Allow-“Icy Bil'iil com-i
stand photography. “It came into hiﬂﬂtion.
our consciences with a vengeance" ,’l‘hat reminds us of what the music
when Mr. Kirtland suggested that ifﬁtore Clerk ﬂuid to the YOUHI-‘J Shite
a certain number of students woreiCOllegc student who imuired if he
interested he would guide and teach 5 had the sunk" in Stock—" 0, WU haVC
them photography! [no ‘ch, We have No Bananas ’l‘oday’

is it any wonder we're delightedlltmhlyv”
Here we have an opportunity to really I
learn photography and to save count-l But. anyway, the world, and this
less rolls of ﬁlm.' We possibly maylincluiles freshmen and sophomores,
be. able to take a picture of “Sis” that [will go on singing the tune until seine
faintly resembles her. The Old home‘Greok sells his fruit business to an
won’t look like a rival of the “Lean- Irishman.
iﬂg Tower.” fWe may go; lpictures ‘i‘ r * ‘l‘
t at arent as .aint as 'l‘ur isi cigar- ur . . - ' ..
ette smoke or as black as after dinner .md P531110 aﬂiwygnfiiﬁi lgoﬁowliyokqliﬁbl
coil‘ce. We have an opportunity to  .y .‘ .~ ' 15
learn the neglected an of ictum iom.that famous authonty on the
taking. ' 1' deadlier sex, Professor Mohar.

Mr. Kirtland has studied photogra- H . _
phy from an artistic and scientiﬁc GET WISE' PARrY
standpoint. He has struggled to in-
terpret with his camera what others
strive after with the brush. He has
put dollars in aparatus. He has zeal-
ously mastered this art. A course

 

rhea:

(Continued from page 1)

 

thinking it Would be particularly on-

l time when

with Prof. Kirtland would teach us
to appreciate and to express—two
big aims of a college education. We
can imagine no rarer treat, we are
anxious, we would be earnest, and
are sure our interest would “grow
stronger with every new thing." i

It seems if we were to appeal to
the faculty for a credit course at this
time it would confuse schedules, so
Mr. Kirtland has offered to give us
lectures on the subject provided a
certain number of us are intereste<l.,

by not express ourselves in this
matter? I

 

joyable for the freshmen since chil-
dren like noisy things. It was ap-
preciated. Each newcomer wore the
only pair of whole stockings he pos-
scscd as witnessed when the shoes
were removed to take a short walk
over tacks They stopped as lightly
as if they were walking on eggs. At
the branding station each one was
branded with a red hot iron after
which the jumping board was brought
into use. During the entire evening
weird sounds came from ghosts and
witches lurking about. The fresh-
men were quite ungrateful for the

were in progress. “l-las all our (lis-
ciplining gone for nothing?" bewailed

some of the men. remembering the
‘the president’s oillce to discuss the

any assumption of author-
. by the present sophomores would
have had disastrous consequences.
Eventually. however. someone rc-
lontcd and the upperciassmen were
permitted to enjoy the “entertain-
ment provided by the freshmen in
arena.

R
<

>i ii a: =i-

An increase in registration was de-
tected at the college Monday morn-
ing. Harvey Fennor of the Junior
Class returned after a three weeks’
enforced absence due to illness.

(C1 cifhft’).--

 

imenu so carefully prepared for them,
namely, limberger cheese and cats’
eyeballs! When all events had been
enjoyed to the utmost the freshmen
were left to readjust themselves.

Dancing began immediately and
refreshments consisting of brick ice
cream and cakes were served. There
was plenty of room for dancing since
the fresh had all they could do to
sort out their shoes from the large
pile. The sophomore class colors.
blue and white. Were used in decora-
tion together with the 1926 banner
which remained unmolested
the evening.

during

 

l

 

 

.«r._.......u,..,,,,,”w  , at m

) .
Junim‘-Frcshinan
8 :00 P.M.—Gyin.
Saturday. October 13
Canterbury Club—3:30 l’.M.—St.
Andrew's rectory.
Tuesday. October 16
Joseph Henry Society—31:30 lull.
Room 150.
Y. W. C. A.~——3:00 PAL—Auditor-
iuin. ,
li‘rcnch Club—4:00 l’. M.~v-llmnn

Masque side—r

Newman House Mceting——Nuwm:in
Houso.

Wednesday, October 17
Classical Club—4:00 l’.l\'l.

Saturday. October 20
Campus Day.

TO EVERYBODY

Have you ever heard of CanLi-r-
bury Club? If you are a sophmnnri-
or upperclassinan you have. if you
are a fresh you’re going to. Are you
an l'lpiseopalian, or are you illlliillll-
ated with any other churcn'.’ Then
join Canterbury Club. Vr'i'e going
to begin the year by havii W a tea at
the rectory of St. Andrews church.
Maine Ave, Saturday, October. I”, ni.
three-thirty. Come and meet all the
members of Canterbury. also our new
adviser. Mr. Finlay. and his wife. Wr-
want you all to come, for we want
to know you.

  

Signed.
The President of Canterbury ('liib.

“83833883383828883338333883:33733332833:2238‘;
FACULTY NOTES :3
o azaxsmzzxzumzmzaimam:mamasi

'l‘ho faculty council held a Illl'l'tlllp.‘
on Monday afternoon. October s. A!
half past three the faculty members

at Phi Beta Kappa held a meeting in

possibility of establishing a chapter
of State college.

The Alumni Association of the
Southern Tier held its semi-annual
meeting on October 6. About twenty
members attended the luncheon at
the Hans-Jones restaurant at which
Emma Wilbur. ’17, presided and Ger-
trude Schmerhorn, ’19. acted as song-
leadcr. The chief feature of the
meeting was an address by Dr. Bru-
bacher. 'I‘he oldest alumni present
was Mr. ’l‘racy, ’ ‘

Dean Pierce spent the week-end in
New York City. Miss Pcrine was in
Cambridge, N. Y.. over Saturday.

Dr. Brubacher spent 'l‘hursday, Oc-
tober Al. in New York City, in con-
ference with the state architect on
plans for the new college buildings.
He reports rapid progress.

Miss Martinez is making arrange-
ments for meetings of a modern lan-
guage confcrchc in connection with
the State ’l‘eachcr Association con-
vention which will be held here
Thanksgiving week.

Dr. Brubachcr will address the Col-
umbia County Teachers Association
at a meeting in Filmont on Thursday
of this week.

Dean Pierce, who is an ofﬁcer of
the “National Deon of Women Asso-
ciation" will spend the week-end in
Detroit at a meeting 'of the associa-
tion. On her wayrback she will stop

oll’ at Buffalo to atend u luncheon.
where she will meet the western
discuss the

alumni and Residence

Hall project.

 

 

 

 

 

 

