mzmmuommumww- l

 

S 'l‘ A ’l‘ ill

C O L L i“. (1 lil

w...-

  

world of mere people, there are only;
two courses tor the iileulists who:
sponsor the movement to I'ollow. i
l'Iither take your honor system andi
go [,0 Utopia, and Llll'i‘l' squeal onl
each other to your hearts’ content oi".
else table it until Lili‘ Millenniinn. 5
Eli.

Case Where It Worked 
Dear l‘lditor, ‘
Several students have asked me ill
l wotth report my host t'riend. 'l‘hisl
was and is my answvr. :
Yes. i should report my best. friend 1‘
il' I saw her cheating: under the honor
system. I would consider that l wasi
heine‘ kind to her in so doing; l'or,l
il’ she cheated while in college withq
out ln-int': punished l'or it. she would i
cheat. later on in lite, and the world,‘
would [iunish her much more serei‘elyi
than our honor court could. 'l‘heni
too, sull'erini: I'i-lines character illllll
purities the soul. Many of our i'a-g
mous men would not have been l‘a-l
innus had they not. sull‘i-rerl while]
they Were round. Sir Isaac Newton,
himsell'. said that he new-r cared for
school and studying: until the schoon
hully heat him. 'l‘hen he studied dili~l
gently to show that litilly that lll'l
('uuld heat him at his studies. New;
ton did heat the bully in that. way
and he acquired the huhit ut' sluiin
int: whirl in later ye' 's led to his.
makin.‘ ol' the most wonderful,
dist-ow -ver made in the World of ‘
seienei ’i-s. l would report. my best
friend il' I saw her cheating. 'l'ln-n,
l would he the first one to tell her
that she had been reported by me and ’
why i reported her. I would tell lit-i"
that I believed that she was I'illlilllli"
ol' hetter thing's. Even if she \w-ri-E
i-xin-lll-d from college, I \Wllll'l l((‘l‘ll‘
my l‘altli in llM' and ('unlinuie to be
her friend. i
This is not all theory. I hare ap-
plied my theory to n ensi- in real lii‘u'
outside of this colleen and it worked. I
l'ew years new i reported a girl;
l'riend t'm' cheatintv'. it was ' iiiilderl
l'm'in of cheating than that \\ i(.li has i
l'ri-uui‘nlly occurred in State t'ollegre. ‘
l Went to her and told her what i
had done and why. I expected that
she would hate me l'orerer alter, hut
to my surprise she lisli-nitd to me and i
then said: “You did "it in li‘lltll'l-E
inp- mi- and i am no i. to talie my!
iiunishnn-iit choei-t’ully.“ i told her
that she was canahlu ol' lu-tter things, r'
In the talk that followed and llll“
days and WL'L'kS, too, while shi- was‘
still'eriiig‘ her punishment and set-icing 
to reestahlish herself in We and toi
justify my Faith in her. we lwcnme
ln-ttei' friends than we had ever heen
ln-t'ori- I reported her.

ANTOINE LAURENT LAVOISIER
743-1704
Born in Paris. son of a wealthy
ll'lldL‘Rleln. A '1 student won
a prize for on e uyon limiting
the streets of Paris. Held vari-
ousGovernmeni posts. A mor-
tyr of the Reign of Terror.
Founder of modern chemistry.

 

     
    
 

 

   

This in the mark of the
General Electric Com-
pany, an organization
of 100,000 men and
women engaged in pro-
ducing the tools by
which electricity—
mnn's great Servant—-
is mnking the world a
better plate to live in.

   

 

 

 

NEWS,

i) it} C . 7 , l S] 2 :l Page Three

 

They couldn’t destroy
the work he did

“The Republic has no need for savants,”
sneered a tool cf Robespierre'as he sent
Lavoisier, founder of modern chemistry, to
the guillotine. A century later the French
Government collected all the scientiﬁc
studies of this great citizen of Paris and
published them, that the record of his re-
searches might be preserved for all time.

Lavoisier showed the errors of the theory
of phlogiston—that hypothetical, material
substance which was believed to be an ele-
ment of all combustible compounds and to
produce ﬁre when liberated. He proved
ﬁre to be the union of other elements with
a gas which he named oxygen.

Lavoisier’s work goes on. In the Research
Laboratories of the General Electric Com-
pany the determination of the effects of
atmospheric airon lamp ﬁlaments, on metals
and on delicate instruments is possible be-
cause of the discoveries of Lavoisier and
his contemporaries.

  3' GENERAL ELECTRIC

When the honor system is inen-,l
tinned here at State College, most,
ol‘ the students View it as an entirely I
new plan of action. ’l'he honor sys—l
tem has been in American Colleges‘i
since i842 in some torn]. ln one of
the Southern colleges it was the sign- ‘ 
in]: at a pledge similar to that read we have 0 m
in chapel last week. an honor Sysmm'

0 too, have had the honor system . .
here at college pm. the last two years‘ he honest themselves, but ohyect to [i
perhaps longer.

  

 
  

 

ow up to that sort ot‘leveryone, personally. lived up to hisi that, isn’t 111 a
Most of the stu-ypledge, there would he no need otiwliivsmtc College should get a rep-
dcnts are willing to Sign a pledge to ‘ reporting: any one.

When we “.0 in“) the clause where they agree to rc-lwork in other colleges.

 

 

   
 

 

5011

   

a l "in; {$131707 0
The objectors to} utation for the fact that the honor

t say that the honor system does not system worlts at State College so
Grantingl (Continued on page 4)

 

the. cafeteria to buy our mnch, we port a fellow student whom they see
are on our honor to 12:0 to the desk Cl'llJ'lllllL" in a.\yr1tten test or exam-
and pay for it, Also, both the men's nation. But, it a student‘cheatti and
and women’s basketball training; the“ boast“ ‘dbOUt 1h. 119‘ IS 10W0_l'ml3..'
teams are on their honor to obey the Value “0t only Ol his 0W“ (“1110-
training rules, because there is no “33 51”" ‘lPt-‘Jl'OQv but Dr .VOUI‘S fllSO~
guardian standing; over them all the IUVOI'YONO 1“ thle cnllogt‘ llQlPS Oltllci‘
time to see that they l[0 it, In high to make or mar the reputation of our
school all of us were vm-y familiar Alma Mater. Why not give the hon-
with the pledge, “1m, 50 declare." or system a trial here at State tor

The honor system as proposed in the rest 01" the i’ein'? Not muchi
chapel, a week also, I do not think would he lost and how much wouldI
would A'o here at College just yet. be gained it' it: proved successful. “'1

Special Roles in Studenls
ideal Service 5: Ideal Fond

IDEAL RES’iiiAL KANT

GEORGE F. "AMP, Prop.

Regular Dinner 40c.—ll a. m. to 3 p. m. Supper 40c.—5 p. In. to 8 p.m
Special Chicken Dinner Sundays, 60c, 12 M. to 8 P. M.
Phone West 4472

ALBANY, N. Y.

208 WASHINGTON AVENUE
6 DOORS ABOVE LARK STREET

