 

 
       

State College News.

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OF I9I8

ALBANY, N. Y... MAY ll, I923
Dramatic Treat Promised

CLASS PRESENTS

“THE. WHITE HEADED BOY"
On Saturday evening, May 20, the
Drumatics Class will present “The
.  White Headed Boy" in the V' "
‘ The Music Association will present Institute at eight-ﬁfteen O'CIOCk-
if the Callcge Orchestra, the Men’s “’l‘he White Headed Boy" is on Irish
.Glee Club {mi} All)“ W?m°",3MCh°§lis play by lionox Robertson. It is a

m a cancer ’ “my (‘vcnmg' ay ' typically Irish play and its characters

: in the College Auditorium. , , _
i As a special feature the orchestra are typically “Hill. It IS the Story 01'
the “White Headed Boy” of the

will play two original compositions,

VOL. VII No. 27

$3.00 per year
Spanish Carnival A Success

BULL FIGHT A FEATURE

Music Association Concert
Tonight

WOMEN'S CHORUS FEATURES
FOLK SONGS

 

       

 

 

 

       
   

Bright, colorful and fantastic, the
Spanish Carnival, the most successful
affair of its kind this year, took place

GO TO HEAR
Friday night, May 4. The nervous

Kenneth Maciiowan
,excitement created by the bull fight

' did not surpass in interest the charm
  Iand gaycty of the program. which
proceeded it.
Professor Stinard made the prelim-

 

     
        
        
        
       
 
 
    

. . ,. v , , MAY 12 inary announcement that the audi-
i‘ ﬁgmgitydcrgsy, Ewi‘inﬁﬁizigciimﬁintgt Geoghegﬂn “"1113”th boy Who has once was to visit old Spain for a few

‘ Elam“), mm}; .24 and a “Gilvottev always been the pride of the family, hours, ’l‘he curtains opened and the
r by Florencu Doisey, ' he the pampered youth who alone of

     

college orchestra, under the direction
of Mr. Candlyn, in the center of a
brilliantly decorated stutrc stirred the
"M" “"""‘~“‘”‘“‘ audience to the spirit of the carnival
by their first selection, “The March
of the Wooden Soldiers”. Helena
Kilb, ’23 followed, rendering a vocal
selection from “Cur-men".
One of the most striking: features
of, the whole program was the pro-
duction of. the Spanish drama, “La
Primeirn Desputa,” by members of
the Spanish Club. The cost for the
play was: Katherine Hodge, ’25, the
wife; Niles Haight, ’26, the husband;
Margaret Eaton, '24, Marunella, the
aunt. The entire play was given in
Spanish except for one speech of
Murunella‘s a “faux

 

23.
orchestra will also play the “Seventh
Hungarian Dance" by Brahms, and
the “Angclus” by Massenet.

The Men's G co Club will sing
“Silver King” by Forsyth and the
“Irish War Song” arranged by Gaul.

The Women’s Chorus will render
several groups of folk songs. The
“emerald isle” will be represented by
“0ft in the Stilly Night” and “Kath-
leen Mavourneen." “Merry England”
will have her place in the jelly little
son “Twenty, Eighteen”. The
"Scotch Highlanders", and “bonnie
Prince Charlie” will also be there in
the "Skye Boat Song" specially
arranged by Mr. Candlyn, and in the
sweet love song “Highland Love”.

 

 

the several children has been educa-
ted. He hns been in Dublin studying
in a medical school, but he is far
more interested in horse races and in
the spending of money. He returns
to his family for a Vacation and at
the same time comes the news that he
has again failed his examinations.
The whole family, with the exception
of the mother, revolts, and George,
the eldest, he who has charge of the
purse, refuses to give Denis any more
money than will be necessary to
carry him to Canada. To see the

 

      
    
   

MACGOWAN LECTURE
SATURDAY NIGHT

This Saturday night in Chancellors’
l-lull, KENNETH MACGOWAN lec-
tures on Stage Scenery and Lighting,
under the auspices of the Dramatic
and Art Association.
Mr. Macgowan’s career as Drama—
tic Editor of the New York Globe
and Vogue is at enviable one. His
intimate acquaintance with all the

   
 
        
      
      
       

   
     
       

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Last of 3“ will be the haunting songs! results of the revolt, the unfolding

of the Indians, the “Indian Mountain
Song” by Cadman, and the “Cradle
Song” by Matthews.

The solo parts in the choruses will
be sung by Marjorie Blythe, ’23,

of the ideas of Aunt Ellen, the love-
makinp: of Mr. Duffy, and the final
happy outcome, it will be necessary
to see the play, which will be pre-

pas”
theatre world, his experience in de-

veloping theatre art make him a man
worth hearing:

His charmng personality, simpli-
city, freedom from affectation and

tended to heighten the humor of the
comedy.

The fourth number on the program
was it Spanish dance in which Clara
Fahnestock, ’24, Annie Olson, ’24,

which ' !,

Vivian Hart, ’25 and Marion O'Con- 
nor, ’26 took part. Charles Reilly ,-
‘23 garbed in the quaint picturesque é
costume of Spain rendered a selec-
tion from “11 Trovudore” in the man-
ner of a true Spanish troubador.‘
Emily Balding, ’24 and Viola Hol-
mes, ’23 appeared next in a second
Spanish dance. Miss Balding took

(Continued on page 4)

   

 

scnted under the efficient direction
of Miss Agnes E. Futtercr.

Especially interesting will be the
play this semester as several of the
cast have proved their worth in the
three one-act plays given in February
One cannot easily forget Aileen Wal-
lace’s humor or Betty Nagle’s wit
and sparkling gaiety. However, Miss
Nagle’s part in the present play is
very different from that of Pierrot
in “The'Meker of Dreams". What
greater proof is there of her ability?
Mr. Vines, as Mr. Duffy, will again
prove himself to be a comedian of
interest in our college affairs, and
with Miss Dorsey, will furnish the
comedy element of the play.

The other characters consist of
other members of the Dramatics Class

 

convention have heretofore drawn
large audiences.

It is for State College to go in a
body to hear this artist who can give
so much facinating‘ and worthwhile
information.

Student Tax Tickets are the admis-
sion fee to all students.

(Continued on page 4)

   

 
       

 

       

COLLEGE CALENDAR

Friday, May II
Chemistry Club Meeting
Chemiltry Dept, 4:00 P. M
Spanish Club Meeting
Room B 4: 0 P. M.
Music Auociation Concert
Auditorium 8:00 P. M.

      
     
        
     
    
    

 

     

 

   

 

     

Saturday, May 12
Baseball, St. Stephens v. State
nnandale
Kenneth Macgowan Lecture
Chancellor-5' Hall, 8:00 P. M.

Monday, May 14

French Club Meeting
Room 100. 4:00 P. M.

   

RESIDENCE HALL CAMPAIGN—REPORT FOR WEEK ENDING
MAY 5, 1923

        
   
       
    

TOTAL FIGURES T0 APRIL 28, 1923

Total number of pledges
Total amount of pledged and contributed

      

1046

     
     
 
      
     
       
     
     

 

   
 
      
        
          

$85,362.74
,-_ Mathematico Club Meeting onﬁl lseveral men, who have brain T0911 amount 0f caSh received $20,990”
' El 1‘ f Officers ea or o serve in various ro es. e
f Ro:;‘;31?4:20 P. M. cast has been chosen with core. and FIGURES FOR WEEK ENDING MAY 5th
 Tuuday' May 15 ggﬁgﬁg: ‘5 mewtable' The cast New pledges received . 22
 Y. w. c. A. Meeting Mrs. Geoghegan—Aileen Wallace Amount pledged and contributed 1,377.30
Room B. 3:00 P. M. George—Forrest Caton Week’s total cash received 652.30
Joseph Henry Club Meeting Peter—Edmund Crane WW..—
Roam 150. 7:30 P. M. ¥ate~§llicebﬂoln§s l
—— . i a t
Wedneuloy. May 16 B:%§_Be§,riie‘mfﬁ,g GRAND TOTAL MAY 5, 1923
Clwical Club Meatin Denis—Carlton Moose Number of pledges 1068
R°°m "0' 4‘00 P' M‘ $€£lgisﬂplfﬁﬁgvma¥inggyes Amount pledged and contributed $86,740.04
Thunday, May 17 . Delia~Ma¥ion Farm“ Cash received to date $21,643.29

     
     

Banish—Ruth Kimmey
Aunt Ellen—Florence ‘Dorsey

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sepb-Frooh Tug of War (Git-II)
Campus. 1:30 P. M.

  

 

 

