 

F‘s

 

HELLO ‘EVERYBMDY!

f State College Nib:

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OF l9l8

ALBANY, N. Y.,

CAMPUS QUEEN A SECRET

The identity of the winner of the
campus queen election held last li‘ri-
day is the subject of conversation
and surmise in college this week.
Votes for her majesty were cast last
week but the result of the election is
being kept a secret.

THANK—GIVING
RECESS
LENGIEENED

Because of the meeting of the New

.9;ij No. 4

DEAN METZLER
TALK IN AS-
SEMBLY

Student Assembly, Friday, October
12, was a very “special occasion,” in
part because so many alumni were
present. After the singing of the
Alma Mater Dr. Brubnchcr welcomed
’23 and then introduced Dean Mctzler
who spoke very briefly but forcibly.

“We are here, in college," he said,
“not only to learn subjects and facts,
but to learn how to work efﬁciently
with the least expenditure of energy
and in the shortest time. From the York State ’l‘eachcrs Association in
standpoint of analogy if we go from Albany during ’l‘hanksgiving week
a light room into a dark room, at first i aml because scve all meetings of the
we cannot see. Likewise, when wu‘Association will be held in the State
return to the light room our eyesiColloge buildings, college activities
hurt and we are inclined to close lwill be omitted between 6 PM. Mon-
them. Thus when a new idea comes day, November 26th and 8:10 Mon-
to us our mental eye tends to close day morning. December 3rd. Stu-
and we think we have the whole idea, dents are cordially urged to attend
whereas we have grasped only a part. the meetings of the State Teachers
'l‘herofore, we should form the habit Association.
of keeping our mental eye open or, in Signed—A. It. Brubacher.
other words, we should keep an open President.
mind. One of the greatest faults to-
day is the setting up of a partial]
truth for a whole, therefore. we"
should never think that we know all
ablout t'anythling.b A tlgxt t? fit this
su jcc migit c ta en rom tie .. ‘ n
words of Paul, ‘If any man think that! sugﬁﬁgfgfggcaséggscowlm‘izx
he knoweth anything, he knowcth H ,
nothing yet as he ought to know it)!” lhc advanced Dramatic class made

Dr. Brubacher then spoke of theilis formal and Q‘Ilbllc (lebUt "1 “SUD-
importancc of the day and asked that pressed DPSH‘DS TWS‘la-V. “Grimm
all students take time to pay tribute OCtObCI‘ 10v before ‘1 VOW fme mil"?

to Columbus for his great service. Sentqtlon 0f the StP‘lef‘t borlr

After an announcement concern- “Suppressed D051?“ ' (lcspllc WW
3"“. the Junior Freshman party by humorouslylthc “aim, method, and
Gertrude OMS, Q5. Edna Shaggy, '24, results” 01 psychoanalysm, which
introduced the “Hello Campaign."

While the notices were being read
by the vice-president, the student
body voted for the Campus Day
Queen. Assembly was concluded by
the singing of “America.”

 

 

 

 

Sign for FED when you pay
your student tax.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

her husband,

and

Henrietta Brewster,
Stephen Brewster,
Mabel.

Few people realized that digniﬁed
Dorothy Bennit, alias Henrietta
Brewster, had a “suppressed desire”
for psychoanalysis but she ably
proved that she had this desire, at
least for a time. Although Mr. Vines
seemed to be sull’crinp: from an over-
dose of psychoanalysis he succeeded
in surpassing all his previous records.
Elizabeth Naglc seemed so at home
in the role of the “naive” and hour-
geoise“ sister that there is great (Ian-
ger of her being called “Mabel” for
some time to come.

 

 

Student Tax will be collected
in the History Ofﬁce, Room 203
for Sophomores Tuesday, Octo-
ber 23, and Thursday, October
25; for Freshmen ’l‘ucsday, Oc—
tober 30, and Thursday, Novem-

er

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

V TO PUBLISH PAPER
m Gamma Chapltcr of ll{appal1)ll)lelta
10 is contemp ating tie on isting

of a fraternity newspaper which will 
chronicle the doings of the local chap- '
tor. A number of the other chaptersl
of the national fraternity have their
own organs. At ﬁrst the publication, '
will be a modest affair but it is hoped Problems of special .
to soon make it truly representative teachers and future teachers Will be
of the fraternity. It will be circu- threshed out today at the closing ses-
iatod among the other chapters and sions of the annual convocation of
among the members of the local chap- the Regents of the University of the
ter. Harry Godfrey of the “News” State of New York in Chancellor’s
staff is senior editor. bailiflsmte Educatéor} buildlilng. t

W . ( ueation exper 3 mm a par 3 o
PATRONIZE ADVERTISERS lthe state and many from other parts

chooses for its victims in this casei

her sister, I

 

CONVENTION I

interest to '

 

ociqua I9. Iéiiwm“ w

of the country are present at the con-
vocation, which was opened yesterday
by Governor- Smith. Such noted
cducators as Dr. Herbert E.
[-lawkes, dean of Columbia university;
Dr. Charles Alexander Richmond,
chancellor of Union university; Ar-
thur I... Janos, principal of the Brook-
lyn Boys’ high school; and Dr. Samuel
1’. Capen, chancellor of the Univer-
sity of llufl'alo, discussed topics yes-
terday aml will take part in the in-
formal discussions today.

This morning Dr. Henry W. Holmes
of Harvard will present his views on
the Junior High school movement and
Dr. Joseph K. Van Den Berg of the
New York city board of examiners
will point out the possibilities for
junior high schools in other than
large cities.

’l'cachcrs' training is the subject to
be considered this afternoon when the
speakers will be Dr. Elwood l’. Gub-
berley, professor of education at Le-
land Stanford university; Dr. John
W. Withers, (lean of education of the
New York university, and'Dr. Marvin
S. Pittman, director of rural educa-
tion at the state normal school at
Ypsilanti, Michigan. Chester A.
Lord, chancellor of the University of
New York, will preside at the meet-

mg.

Thousands of persons from all
parts of the state will be on hand
tonight. when John Bassctt Moore,
judge in the permanent court of in-
ternational justice at The Hague,
talks on the World Court. Since it
will be Judge Moore’s first address
in this country on world conditions,
larger crowds than usual are expected
for the final session of the convoca-
tion.

Judge Moore’s address will espec-
ially interest history majors and mi-
nors and those students taking Inter-g
national Law and Political Science.’
Judge Moore is recognized as one of.
the foremost living authorities on the ‘
laws governing the relations among
foreign states. l

 

—— i

FROSH ELECT CHAIRMAN i

Al: the close of Dean Pierce’s lec-
ture to the Freshmen women Thurs-
day afternoon, October 11, Myskania
called a meeting of the Freshmen
class in the auditorium, for the pur-
ose of electing; a chairman. This
chairman will lead the class on Cam-
us Day, and otherwise not as presi-
dent until ofllcers are elected. The
nominees were Myra Hartman, Mar—
garet Gucnman, Ralph Harris, and
William Comstock. Mr. Harris won
the election at the second ballot.

sscoﬁﬁ GAME
or SEASON

SCORE 39—0
The Worcester eleven, tearing
around the gridiron last Saturday,
showed State's fighters the road to
defeat. When State came out at the,

PATRON IZE ADVERTISERS l

 

  

aids
'I. i! ’2, ,
I: («at

$3.00 per year a

y

I

,nnd, they were suffering a score of
imp—0 in the opponents favor.
During the first few minutes of
.play, State _madc successful line
,plungos coupled with ﬁrst downs. Se-
;curing the ball, Worcester made a
;touchdown by line plunge. From
<then on the game swung steadily in
the Tech. players' favor, State being

unable to break up their forward
passes. .

The hardest teams with which the
Purple and Gold had to cope have
been disposed of in the game with
St. Lawrence and Worcester. For
the rest of the season victory looms
in sight.

 

Williams Frolh Next Game
In the next game, Oct. 20. State
will match its skill with that of' tho
Williams’ l‘rosh. The Williams eleven
won its first game of the season from
Lonnnis institute of Windsor, Conn.
Oct. 1.3. the score being 34 to 12.

LINE-UP FOR WORCESTER GAME

Worcester Tech: McAulifI'c, L.E.;
Wilcox, l...'l‘.; Carlson, L.G.; Cooper,
0.; H. Hanson, lt.G.; Sanbornc, R.T.;
Scott, lt.l!l.; Vauch, (2.8.; Calder,
:..H.B.; Basilakis, It.H.B.; BDtIWDII,
4‘ B.

State College: Babcr, L.E.; Garth
nor, L.’l‘.: Bentley, L.G.; Smith, 0.;
Beaver, lt.G.; Crawford, R. T.; Ro-
berts, R.E.; Gilchrist, Q.B. Sa re, L.H.
3.; Crane, H.B.; Caton, F.B.

Score by periods:
 7 18 6 13—3!)
0 0 0 0 -—0

' cch 
State College

 

 

'23 RETURNS FOR A VISIT

Holding college in session over
Columbus Day has its compensations,
as was discovered last Friday when
numerous State College Alumni were
thus enabled to return to the halls of
their Alma Mater. Such a Welcoming
as there was! Many hands were
shaken; many college friends were
openly embraced. Many times was
the answer made, in reply to ques-
tioning friends, “Yes, I like teaching
very much.” With due respect for
the noble profession; without any
variation the answer came, sometimes
in a very assertive, sometimes in a
doubtful and questioning tone. State~
ly professors were greeted by those
young teachers with an understand-
ing gleam, and a “we-sufl'er-in-com-
mon” look in their eyes.

The assembly hour found May
Wood, '23, occupying her old place
of honor, and heard our ‘Alma Ma.-
ter” sung with real meaning and
feeling; but not with the assembly
hour did this stream of prodigals
cease. Throughout the afternoon
they thronged back to their Alma

atcr. hose to return from the
class of ’23 were: Gladys Hayner,
Dora Boyce, Susan Collier, Florence
Dorsey, Glennon Easman, Agnes
Flint, Delia Hadsell, Grace Fox, Viola
Holmes, Mabelle Jochumsen, Ruth
Kimmey, Erva Littel, Marjorie Ma-
thcwson, Anna‘Nachman, Elizabeth
Renner, Ethel Ruck, Edith Sanders,

 

