 

 

 Y. w. c. A. BAZAAR it: i,»

Vol. Vlll No. H)

Y. W. C. A. BAZAARl
A B E D L A M i
SURPRISES l

’I,‘o-nig'litl Don’t forget the Y. 
C. A. bazaarl Good eats, a good:
time, and unusual novelties are prom- l
iscil by the following committee inl
charge of the grand event: Chairman, 3
lva Hinnian; Comp table, GenevieveI
Page; li‘aiicy work, Mary Wright;l
Chinese Laundry, Margery Bellows;l
Japanese tiible, Hazel Benjamin, Mar- }
caret Benjamin; Art, Vivian Hart,‘
Miriam Snow, Ellen Watson; (Tandy
Priscilla Jones; Pop corn, Ethel Du.
Bois; Flowers, lillla Chace; Ice-cream,
Pauline Wilcox; I‘lntertaiiinient, Do-
rothy Johnson; Supper, Jacquelyn
Monroe.

. . . . .
For Distinguished Semce i
To Be Staged Here

Wednesday Dec. 12

“For Distinguished Service” will be
presented in the auditorium Wednes-
day eveiiiiic', December ’2, by l‘lilllll
Sliiii'er and Elizabeth Naele ol‘ the
advanced dramatic class under the di—
l'l'Cthn of Margery Bayless.

JUNIORS WON FIRST
GAME OF SEASON
The Girls’ basketball season opened
Monday night, November IS), with a
last game between the Juniors and
Sophomores, endinu' in a victory for
the Juniors. in spite ot‘ the s-
niovinu ball, a score ol‘ 7—4; was piled
up by the end 01' the ﬁrst halt, the
Juniors in the lead. .lilxccllent pass-
work made up for the several fouls
so that the second hall“ closed on a
score of Iii—~10.
The line up:

 

't

Juniors Sophomores
Forwards-— Craddoek ’l‘uell
Moore Smith
Gllill‘ll$~— I—laiiimerslcy Milniine
——-l.oman
Hutchins Wright
Center~ Daley Raynor
~Sliall'er

Y. W. C. A. TO BE ADDRESSED
BY MARJORIE POTTER

A special treat is in store for all
who come to Y. W. C. A. inectini',
Tuesday. December it. The meeting:
will be addressed by Miss Marjorie
Potter, assistant librarian at State
College.

SATURDAY MORNING

CONCERTS FOR
_ MUSIC LOVERS
'l‘lie MUSIC Department especially
recommends to the students a series
of orchestra concerts given at the
Strand Theater, each Saturday at
[0:45, A.M. The admission is thirty
cents. These concerts give an oppor-
tunity to hear the best in orchestral
music. and are presented at this low
price as an educational venture. In
addition to the instrumental music,
there are always a few good vocal

 

numbers.

:

7;, ,6.

.J‘
7

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLlSl-llil) BY THE CLASS Ol'~ l9l8

ALBANY, N. Y., DECEMBER 7. I923

H WISDQM OF 'lT‘lIlgi ‘
IEACI‘IERS CONVENIION
“It is not correct to say that all
the great men of the country liiive
come from the little red school house.
Rather have they been great in spite
of that little red school house.”
——A. Ifllili'ed.
“'I‘lil‘tﬂlg‘ll education alone can he
established peace on earth, good will
to inen."‘ Dr. Frank P. Graves.
“I demand that education be taken
out oi" politics." ~. . ‘ltl‘ml.
“'l‘lie days at incantations. lior-
escapes, the study ol‘ skulls and brow:
and so forth are gone. let us hope,
l'orei'er. 'l‘hey are not, nor were they
ever, any aid in determining- a per-
son‘s ability. ’l‘ests have come to take
their place and they are the only
practical way of solvini: the problem

of ability.”
—Gco. R. 'l‘ill'ord.

“We ought to treat each child as
an individual. not as an average in
a group. Our purpose is not Io tell
them what to think, but how to think.

l’aysoii Smith.
“You can't put 'nythinc' over on
llll! modern business man. You liai"
to play square. And you must pr:
Lice common honesty. 'l‘ -' : ' ‘
at that quality belone's on the pro—
grain of our schools.”

-~Cameron W. Beck.

“’l‘lie primary purpose of education

to prepare American citizenship
and nothing else.’

“It is an absolutely indispensiblc
nee '. ‘ that we inculcate in the
youth of the country the knowledge
of responsibility.“

——Dr. Livingston Farr-and.

“Education must recognize the
child first as a little animal and must

 

 

 

O
1::

.1
c.
,

 

apply the scientific iI‘iUUIOIlrtO a study :

of its needs." -— i G. l’. McCoi-d

l'lxpri-ssine' one’s one in clay is a
new idea for most of the collect- stu-
dents. However, the method and ad-
vantages of so doing: will be outrun:-
inc‘ly explained next Friday after-
noon :iiiil evening; by Mr. Charles
l'a'inns. '

Mr. Illlills who will be presented
by the Dramatic and Art Association

will give an informal talk on Cern-‘

mics in room 207 in the afternoon
and an illustrated talk at night in
the auditorium.
on Student 'l‘ax tickets.

 

DOROTHEA ADAMS. ’21
News of the death of Dor-
othea Adams, ’2l, has been re-

ceived at State College with
deep regret. She was the

daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ed-
son Adams of 1538 Second
street. Rensselacr. and was one
of the most popular girls in her
class at college. She had been
teaching at Wurronsburg‘ High
School when she underwent an
operation that led to her death.
Several floral pieces were sent
to her funeral by college or-
ganizations of which Miss
Adams was a member.

 

 

 

 

  
 

Admission will be:

$3.00 per year

lSTA'l‘E RAISES CURTAIN 0N
BASKETBALL SEASON TO-NIGHT

Lacking Usual Practice, Team Will Start
Hardest Schedule in Years

ltecupcrutini.r from a discouraging football season, State to-niglit will lift
the curtain ol' the 1923-24 basketball season with the hope of overcoming
the “jinx” that has been spelling; defeat for basketball leaxiis since the
middle of the 1921 season.
THREE ON'E ACT PLAYS

SCHEDULED FOR

5 For the first time in several years
~~in l'act, since [it‘ll—Abe l'urple

 

JANUARY TWELFTH [and Gold liaski-tlmllers will (men their
-« ‘sensou on the home court. ‘ooper
The Queen's Enemies; Wui-zel- Union of New York city is the sche-

 

Columbine I(llllt‘ll opposition and everything does
[not appear rosy tor the home talent.

Probably the still'est basketball
schedule in the. history of the college
has been arranged for this year's
quintet; by Manna-er Putnam. Out
of the ten teams booked for games
only about three are real iiiiitciies

Flummery:

 

'l‘lie time is January iii, the place
is Vinceiitian Institute. "The time
and place of what?” Why. the Dra~
niatics class plays! All tastes will be
suited For there will be three plays,
each of a diii'ei’cnt type. “The
Queen’s Enemies”, by Dunsniiy is a l'or State’s bnll tossers, it appears
lrac-edy. “Wurzel-Fluiniin-ry.” by A. from pre nt estimates ol? the
,A. Milne. is the comedy and “Coluli.~.slrenctli ol‘ State compared with that
blue”, by (l. C. Clements, will be the ’ol' opponents—to-bi'.
happy medium.” Copies 01' the ‘ The contest to-nipght marks the first
vp a 's were distributed to the iiiein- of a series of tour iraiiicsnihe bard—
lieis ol' the class before the vacation mat on the schnilulem-to be played
ism that they might spend their time within a week. 'l‘omorrow lllg'llt State
lproiitably in learning the part For cons to Union to play oil‘ the annual
. which they were to try out this week. court all'air with its closest rival. ’l‘lic
"l‘lie results oi‘ this “proﬁtable \':Icu- Union mime heretofore has been the
, lion will be announced later. opening game.

——»——- On 'l‘uesday nip-ht the scene of bat-

} CAROL CONCERT SCHEDULED .tlc will shift to Williaiiistown where
, FOR DECEMBER 18 film (itillll-‘icrscyeil tlI'll)l)l(l'l'.‘ilWlll tulce
.  H ., I. ., , , .. . - | on Wi ianis varsity. Baccnier, tie

     
at (lid Carol concert to be held ll‘ucs- Wmmy m“ 01 “N “am” lmvnm m”
Mm, ' ' eently gene under the knife.

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

. ‘ ~ .. - I ’ I , .

,I . ‘Emma,D‘LFTIEF', Ifl’, I'“_ ,3“; Coach Fitzgerald’s men \Vlll play
.iuditonum. llllt? so msts ui Bit] A — Ll". Mumni "Mt Fri-day "mm m
. ‘.‘., . r..,..., .---- ‘ , , - ,
"‘1 shin" '1 10' M‘UFH-l 'l-l "5 home. While this is not the real big

 

 

l’ignft‘lnm'. {flail“mnﬁtllnt‘tm  ‘ graduate game, it will attract many
lr'irois to be Lsuiili' ‘bv the authentic ‘Oll “H.531? SHEEN-"‘3‘ Artuuiqthc {301'};

'L ‘, " r ‘- " "Ma's .‘ae i OI 'ne' 0 (3V or
l))r' “lumps”? lumps that “m .li‘n'm‘loii" its annuiil tl."l|)”l.'0 the li‘leti‘opolis
1””‘3'l‘limcc "1 I’l'e_"”’l" """1'5 W'” I?” ‘ where it will meet one or two of the
,rr-peated, and tliatd-very S'l ent Will i sowmmﬂw mm,ch mums“
it,“ l""'5"’,‘,t‘ _ ‘X‘I'H’ﬁ‘lsl‘m w'“ h“ 0” i Undoubtedly State's men will make
" “"l‘ml“ l1“ “de' ‘a crude showinp: tonight. with the ex-
ception of the more experienced men.
At the same time, wever, Coach
next week in the rotunda PM \YOHJIIUI‘ and his assistant, Stanley
Elle i-‘JH'I‘S 0f Allin.“ l‘allsllO“ Illl ll<‘it'/.i:erald, expect some hitherto un-
lor the benefit oi tlll! 'lubcrw- known stars to uncover themselves.
IOSIS l'und. l Practically the whole team as it
will start on the Iloor tonight is built
around Captain Juckett. and Forrest
Caton. ’l‘lie detiiiitc personnel of the
ﬁve has not yet been made known,
since it probably will not be selected
until about five minutes before tin:
whistle to start.

Aiiionp; the possibilities are: Juck~
ctt and Daley, guards; Lake or Gai-
nor. center; Caton, Slierley, Cantwell.
Gardner, Gilchrist, forwards. Carro-
Iun, Davis and Ferguson will be held
in reserve.

   

 

Christmas Seals will be soiu

 

 

 

 

DRAMATICS CLASS SCORES
TWO TRIUM

“Two Crooks and A Lady," “Be-
tween the Soup and the Savory.”
What a splendid combination for an
evening’s entertainment! Absolutely
every minute of those two one-act
presentations was ﬁlled with action
and conversation that demanded even
our involuntary attention.

All the players are to be congratu-
lated for their exceptional ability in
the portraying" of the various roles
and then let us not forget the pro-
duccrs. Much comiiiondation is justly
merited by Ethel Palkosky and Ed-
ward Vines t‘or the coaching; of the
plays.

 

It you have anything to alter
the Y. W. for the rummage sale,
telephone. M. F. Benjamin,
W 3353, and someone will call
for it.

 

 

 

 

7/5

" State College News/‘4‘

 

 

