' State?

Vol. vm
First Student Assembly

DR. BRUBACHER GIVES
ADDRESS

No. l

According to custom, the first stu-
dent assembly opened last Friday
with the singing of the Alma Mater.
Dr. Brubacher. Dr. Metzler. the new
(lean, members of the faculty and of
Myskania were seated on the plat-

'. Brubacher began his address
with several remarks upon the over-
crowded condition of College, on-
couraging the students to endure in-
conveniences cheerfully since plans
for a new building are under way
and will probably be carried out with~
in the next eighteen months.

Overcrowded conditions, prevelant
in educational institutions throughout
the country. he said. indicate a new
significance for colleges. It means
that an opportunity is afforded to
select their entering students from
an increasing number of applicants.
This year State College has made its
selection not only on the basis of
scholarship but also from the stand-
point of the judgment and purpose
evidenced in the applicant’s selection
of high school subchts.

Students who are debarrcd from
entering colleges, and those who fai
to complete their educational plans

may VOW Often am'lbme their failure{entire student body on account of‘basoball on Cornell varsity tennis.

to lack of Seriousness, an avoidance
of hard work, a search for pleasure,
and a low standard of scholarship.
These characteristics prevalent in a
great majority of students today must
be considered with peculiar serious-
ness by high school teachers, who are
the custodians of the culture of
coming generations.

Dr. Brubacher cited a recent news-
paper article on President Coolidgc’s
uniqueness of personality: his insist
once upon facts, his powar to resist

popular clamor and suggestion, his‘

forcefulness of speech, his remark.
able knowledge. He then made the
statement that these attributes which
make President Coolidge’s character
distinct ought not be unique, but
should he possessed by a large pro-
portion of college students and grad-
uates.

College students, he said, shouldiachusetts Institute of Technology forl year.

make universal contacts with the

NEW YORK STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS
ESTABLISHED BY THE CLASS OF l9l6

ALBANY, N. Y., SEPTEMBER 26. I923

DEAN WILLIAM H. METZLER
Undoubtedly the election of Dean

 

,William H. Metzler to the adminis-
trative staff of State College oiTicers
is of primary importance to the
\his necessarily intimate contact with
them,and to the college as a whole
because of his ripe scholarship and
proven executive ability.

William H. Metzler, until recently
a Dean at Syracuse University. was
elected Dean of State College, follow-
ing the resignation of Dean Harlan
yH. Horner in June 1923. Dr. Motzlcr
lbrings an honorable record for serv-
jice in Syracuse. where he was Pro-
ifessor of Mathematics. then Dean of
{the Graduate School. and since [919,
Dean of the College of Liberal Arts.

Changes In The Faculty

Nina New Teachers Added.

As evidence of the growth of'
the college comes the appoint-
ment of Elizabeth H. Morris
and Dr. Marion Collins to
newly created positions on the
State College faculty. The
former, who has received both
the AB. and M.A. degrees
from Wellesly, has completed
resident graduate work in psy-
chology at Columbia University
entitling her to candidacy for
the degree of Doctor of Philo-
sophy. Dr. Morris comes to us
from Wellcsly, where she held
an instructorship in psychology,
as assistant professor of Philo-E
sophy. Dr. Collins is the new!
instructor in ‘Hygiene and;
general assistant to Dr. Creas-
dale in the health direction
for the women students. She
is a graduate of Cornell Uni-
versity and of the Woman’s
Medical College of Pennsyl-
vania. Dr. Collins has just
completed an interneship at
a Cleveland hospital.

A direct stimulus to the
ardor or? State College ath-
letic fans is the appoint-
ment of Frederick R. Wegner

ito the post of instructor in History
sand coach of athletic teams. Coach
.Wegner is a Cornell graduate and

‘has had experience in football and

 

:In the former game he had the good
{fortune to be under Dobie. He also
lmade class numerals for crew and
'basketball. His versatile athletic
irecord and his excellent work Wltﬂ;
the 1923 State College summer school I
lbascball team give impetus to the
'hope of victorious State teams. 

Six State Alumnae. ;
i To six State College graduates hasl
‘come the signal honor of being called ‘
‘back to their Alma Mater as instruct-
iors. Elizabeth H. Anderson has been

ollege News

$3.00 per year
College Traditions

State College has accepted the

following traditions as her own:—

1. Sophomore class oll'icers will
arrange with the Freshmen for
u “get—wise" meeting soon after
college opens and may call for
other meetings during the year.
Any upperclassrnan may de-
prive any Freshman of. any seat
in any corridor at the request
of said upperclassman.

. All Freshmen must greet tipper-
classmen and Sophomore oll'icers
and members of Myskania re-
pectfully at all times.

. All Freshmen must remain seat~
ed in student assemth until all
otl ~‘ students have passed out.

. Freshmen must hold doors open
for all Seniors to pass. All
Seniors shall enter street cars
before Freshmen.

. The mark of identification for
Freshmen shall be a button one
inch in diameter, containing the
class numerals and colors and
are to be worn in sight at all
times until after Moving-Up

ay.

. Freshmen men will be obliged
to wear regulation class caps at
all times except Sundays until
after Moving-Up Day. These
are not to be worn in the college
buildings, but are to be carried
on the person and are to be
shown at any time on demand.

. Only State College insignia may
be worn by Freshmen.

. Freshmen must be segregated
from upperclassmen and Sopho—
mores at basketball games,

10. No Freshman may use the .
main entrance facing on West-
ern Avenue at any time. No
cutting across the campus is
allowed.

Professor Risley
5 EN D5 GREETI NGS

Despite the claims the Tower of

He was born in Canada, graduated appointed instructor in Commercial . Loyuloy‘ um] westminister Abbey must

ifrom the University of Toronto. andJEducation to fill the place of Missan on one interested
‘then came to the United States to‘Avery who has been granted a leavelpl-ngssm- Risky has found time to

in history,

‘complete his education at Clark Uni- of absence. Miss Arlene Worth isseml to State college a. message of

lversity, from which institution he substituting as assistant professor oflmseeting on the opening of college,

‘lat‘cr received the Ph. D. degree.
After hls graduate study, he was a
imember of the faculty of the Mass—

,‘several years. c then accepted a

:Mathcmatics for r. Joseph
‘DePorte who is studying at John Hop-.
,kins University during" his Sabbatical
Miss Marion Hunter has been
{assrgned to an instructorship in the

world of thought; they ‘must not limit i professorship in Syracuse University, English Department, which was left
their research to their major and : where in 1912 he organized the Grad-1‘ vacant by the resignation of Miss,

minor studies.

In modern phraseol—luate School and served as its Dean‘l-Iazel Hengge.

Miss Marjorie Potter!

v‘He sends word of a safe passage and

remarks on the remarkable weather
conditions in London. We are left
to wonder whether he means the ab-
seence or presence of fog, either
state would seem remnrlmble to us.

Professor Ilisley, who is on his
Sabbatical year, sends his best regards

ogy, it is their duty and privilege to until 19.10. when he became Dean of. likewise a graduate of State as well‘im all his collcug-ugh' in the State Co]-

erect spiritual, intellectual, and moral
aerials for “listening in” to the
thoughts of men of all the ages; and
not to confine themselves to the mere
happenings of the day, the latest fads,
and the recent sports news.

College is an open highway with

crossroads. blind alloys and Pitfﬂlsnan exclusive body with a membership 1 Library Science.
‘ His elec-, ming, who took her M. A. at Colum- : noon, October 2. at 3 o’clock in the

which may be avoided by purpose

alone; in the case of State Collegestion adds strength to State Collegejbia University and has held success- Auditorium.

lthe College of Liberal Arts.

las of the New York Library School”-

loge History Department. He may

i Dean Metzler has an interationaljhas been appointed assistant instruct-the reached through the American

reputation as a scholar, having almost
lone hundred scientific articles to his
‘credit. He holds an active member-
ship in several learned societies. in-
lcluding the Royal Society of Canada,

limited to twelve scientists.

students, the purpose of becomingifaculty at a time .when the college is

ideal high school teachers.

Announcements were read by the
president of Student Assembly, Eve-
‘lyn Dutcher. The assembly was dis-
misred after the singing of
"Americaﬁ

:growing rapidly In numbers and in
‘ professional prestige.
lgratifying to everyone connected with. place of Miss Soden, resigned. James ,‘ spiration.
‘the college that a man of Dr. Metz-

ler’s ability and experience has been
added to the staﬂ’.

s
lUniversity of Illln
It is peculiarly: instructor in Home Economics inlback filled with enthusiasm and in-

‘or in Library Management. The?
‘post was formerly held by Miss.
Martha Scott Stuart who is on leave‘
lof absence to complete the require—l

jments for the degree of Bachelor of;

Miss Marion Fleur -

ive instructorshi in Cornell and they

ois, IS the present;

[Henry Erskine is filling the place of.
.Professor Risley who is absent on
Sabbatical leave.

Express Company, London.

Y. W. C. A.

The annual Silver Bay service of
Y. W. will be held Tuesday after-

One of the members
will speak and slides wdl be shown.
Come and hear why all who go come

Perhaps, too, they will tell
wild tales about faculty members who
eat strawberries with slipper spoons

and cut cakes with hat pins.

7. ,Z.

 

