Page TWO

ﬁrst» 011111239 News

Vol. Viii Nov. 2,‘1923 No. 6

Published weekly during the college
year by the Student Body of the New

ork State Colleie for Teachers at
Albany, New Yor .

The subscription rate is three dol-
lars per year. Advertising rates may
be had on application to the business
manager. 4

(Articles, manuscripts, etc., must
be in the hands of the editors before
Monday of the week of publication.)

Editor-in-Chief
Dorothy V. Benoit, ’24
Managing Editor
Mildred Kuhn. ’24
Business Man-[er
Dorothy Jones, '24

Subecriptiun Manager
Ruth Ellis, ’24

Anistent Business Manager:
Hildeearde Liebich, '24

Lois ore.

Associate Editor-
Kathleen Furman, ’25
Florence Platncr, ’25

Margaret Demarest, ’25

 

Reporters
Helen Elliott, ’26
Margaret Benjamin, ’26
oyce Persons, '26
Harry Godfrey, ’26
Jerome Walker. '25

 

 

THE. PENALTY LIST

The penalty list published in last
Week’s News was one composed of
freshmen who. because of thought-
lessness or misunderstanding of col-
leer: traditions. violated them. it was
no more than the college expected,
indeed, the list was surprisingly sho t.
Freshmen must learn by their mis-
tukes. Well and good. That is the
way with beginners.

The penalty list published this week
is not entirely composed of freshmen.
There are senior names on the list
as well as sophomore and junior Ones.
What to do?

Are the upperciassmen going: to
protest indienantly at thus be'nc‘ held
up for criticism? 'Undoubtedly, but
on what basis‘! That they forgot?
Are the freshmen going to look upon
tradition breakina‘ as a serious offense
to the college? No. How could they
be expected to‘.’

The probable result? The upper-
classmcn will be indignant and think
themselves unjustly wronged. They
will try to protest and explain their
actions. The freshmen, no longer be-
ginners, will show less and less regard
for college law and order. Myskania
will have to spend all of its time for
the remainder of the year in fostering
harmony and respect for the tradi-
tions of the college.

If you are satisﬁed with the prob-
able result. you take delight in aeeing
ideals shattered, in seeing dllorder
and disrespect the controlling, college
spirit. If you are not satisﬁed, if
you are concerned and eager to have
college traditions, not class rules, but
college traditions respected and
fbeycd, there will be no more penalty
ists.

These rules are ours. self-imposed,
for the purpose of adding to our coi-
legiate life things which we feel are
a vital part of every live college. Es-
pecially should upperclassmen and
sophomores adhere strictly to all rules
applyiniir to them and by their atti-
tude , aid the enforcement of rules

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, NOV.

#

  

CALENDAR
Fridl‘y. November 2
Political Science Clam—4:10 Ila ,.-_.
Room 201.
Saturday. November 3
Campus Day
Tuesday, November 6
Y. W. C. A.~—3:00 P.M.-——-Auditoriiuii
French Cliili—--l:il() l’.M.-—-lloom .iiiu
Joseph Henry Society—7:30 l’.M.-r-r
Room 150
Advanced Dramatics
H :.l ﬁ—Auditorium.

.
applying; to freshmen; they. should}
frown u on all attempts at violation.i
not winii at them. Why? Becausel
they made those laws. and thcright;
to make laws presupposes the wdling- i:
iicss to be governed, by those laws.
There is ii natural law that makes
us appreciate more fully whatever we .
haVe rendered homage and service to g
or given up privileges for. The rules I
which apply to the Weavers of buttons I
and caps. and to the segregation at
games. are only such rules as custom.
at all times has laid upon freshmen.
You will look back upon this “year
of tribulation" with greater delight ll
you submit to these rules. li‘l‘cslilllull,
honor the uppei‘classinen. You are
no longer State’s guests; you are the
younger members of her family. By
honoring the rank of upperclassmen
through the means provided in our “3501.15 not «catch as cute, can
traditions, besides fulfilling a natural query.
law of courtesy. you are layiiu: up r i
fOl' .VOUTSClVGS H 3mm Of “OSPOCi' Th9 ll‘ Caesar came back he might be-
more respected you make the rank gin his new book “An (gm-“mm. .5
of senior. tlhe greater distinction t\lvdtl ,nvidud my?) ﬁrm, Writs? Fermi“?
i s v n 'ou iaVe roaciei in - m 1.550,, icmmsom O.
BSNi‘Tuil‘h‘e Elba"! iniilwllcc 0r gi\’i"1»'i iiiiiybzlviloy Collins. will produce this
“D llriViiC‘ﬂCS ""11 Oil I‘Gllilt‘l'inl-‘J |10110“ work now that they have been given
where it is due, cannot be deﬁned. the him, It ought to bring; a couple
Wt W0 "int "WEE if“: its lill‘lfﬁulli‘cﬁ; I of waircn loads oi? marks on the mar-
lt woui seem tia' we sioui ee Imt,
instinctively all the reasons for living =i it ill
up to our splendid traditions, and that my u good thing, mm m. cm, bu
"ONO Should be tainted to break happy for it. that we ‘don’t have to
the!“ (EXCOM §llch Ilh‘ CH" “991 "0 3.0)”; pay our student tax in German ‘llliil'ks.
salty t0 ""l’thlng “Mill” flllll'lsl‘t)’. [v \lt' mie'lit require the able assistance
lhcii why do we lime tiadition-yiola- £01 um husky (,oimmm to cm”. the
tm'“ i“ “ll-V C‘WSv “9“ they I‘D “DMD ircquii'ed amount to room 203.

when they wink at breaking: of rules.) ;

Class l’luy -»

 

Wednesday. Novamber 7
'l‘here are two kinds of stupidity Newman—4 :00 P,M__.um,m 2”.
in State College. One is not know-
ing how to itilSWcl‘ il.tll‘0i0§§01"5 ques-
tion. and the other is spodiii ' ii pro-

 

NEW CLUB ORGANIZED

The women students I'L‘Hilllll}: on
Long Island held a nicotine October
at 18 for the purpose of organizing into
a club. Dean Pierce acted as (rm.
porary chairman. it was decided iliai
this should be an informal oririiiiiza-
tion, therefore, the only (lill(‘i‘l'.~:
elected were a chairman, Louise Gold»
smith. ’26, and a reporter. Ruth
Munch, ’25. it is to be called the
“Sunrise Trail” Club, and pipelines
will be held about once a mouth.

.lohn J. Conkey

NEWS DEALER

, Cigars. Candy and Stationery

a u i Y t ‘ I 4‘ r.
[s it in deﬁance of Myskania and itsi “Bip- Dirie'iiile to Fly at Atlilctlc’Dchlopinﬁr& “lift?” (Tmuu “I'm
(it‘lmtyi the Board 0" COHSDI‘SYIFicId Dedication” says a newspaper: ‘ Jam“ ‘ "pl" ‘3“
Nothing. is so far from the purpose l hummne referring to the New Jcrsuy Daily 8: Sunday   
and desire of these bodies as to seem i Cullen-g for women, A squadron of. Papers .
to invite lilwlOSSHUSS. Myskaniu lllUStlsulnnurineH will ﬂy over sum, college . ,   _ ,,_
CIII'OI‘CO I'llli-‘S with dignity llnli ﬁrm-[when the proposed addition becomes!
DOES, iIDI' when you HClCCb ll Myskania, more than u proposime 1
you entrust to its care the guidance r r r - i
and protection of college customs and i
traditions. It is the last thought oi“
Myskania to be arbitrary and over-
exacting, but firm it will aim to be,

 

 

 

m r

 

i Complimenls of
It’s a good thing: no Albany cityi

olilcials were in the audience recently 1

when “Salesman Billie” l-[cinemamu

cracked wise about Washington park'

COLLEGE CANDY SHOP
provided you will stand behind its being the colleen campus annex. Di'.’

attempts for State. It is not a chal-= Bruimcber would be liable to get a}
lenle'c for Clﬁiilltlolls:vi€lt\t‘0l’s; it eXIsts.1-eiit bill on behalf of the state. “"  ‘  “ ' “ 
on y to ma 0 State s ‘ai itions some~ ’i‘ ‘i‘ *
thing for State’s prestige. It can A State Collogediploma may be an C. P. 
fulfill its purpose only with your entree to exclusive educational circles
UP-TOWN JEWELER
171 CENTRAL AVENUE
Below Robin Street

 

earnest co-opei'ation; through yourihut it’s only a scrap of sheepskin to
willingness to live up to rules. aiiiiian Albany registry board. Nowa-
your unwillingness to let anyone dis-  days you have to demonstrate your
honor the rules. iliteracy to mark a ballot.
Myskania. ‘ ‘i‘ "‘ ’1‘

GOOD YEAR SHOE
REPAING
BEST OAK sou: LEATHER
HIGH GRADE RUBBER HEELS
Always Good Work
250 CENTRAL ave.

Cotrell & Leonard

Albany, N. Y.

PROFESSOR KIRTLAND JUSTI-
FIES CURRlCULUM
The argument for required courses
in college is that they develop the I I ,
thinking: powers of the students. Each Olltiil‘l01,"'00‘v any JIOOIl timber for
professor in his respective department i “‘0 i818!“ 7‘ _
are;qu that his course can accom-l [NSliict ‘chrtromkthc neck up!"

i
i To have unity and coherence in the
iiiomc. Dr. Hastings advises the fresh-
linen to‘practice harmony. An ex-
lample 1.:‘l\'0li was to have “the salad
lllill'lllOlliZL‘ withh the wall paper."

= vi- *

plish this to the best advantage. The . '
professor of mathematics declares A. _ Wltiiﬂmmm “OW netting miXCd up
that mathematics is the one sublicctlin politics'and some lioldinp; ofﬁce it
which will make students think; thei's ‘nt‘él'CSt'HR' t0 "Ute UNLEIIlVaIitau'L‘
coach, that athlet'cs will brine; thislofl being a “teacher. Governor Al
about; the scientist. that science is 5mm“ is some; to be a "prof" at
the one subject which bring-S into Columbia this tall and winter. This
play every part of our mental make-’JuSt goes to show that we must all
up, If we many stop and think, we prepare ourselvesfor no matter what
must admit that not one subject in happens 1" th'5 life.
itself can supply the richness of mu- 7" * *
terial which is to be gained from nu-
merous courses taken together.
(Continued on page 4) i

Caps ---Gowns ---lloods

FOR ALL DEC-REES

 

Girls who carry a whiskey llask
initile carry their powder and rouge}
along, too, according to Dr. Charles:
‘F Pabst of Brooklyn, who declared
,that bootleg whiskey is depriving
i Americ‘zlivnuggirlst eta their gogd complex-
iions. l on rowin- on acts at
' MEETING DATE \anybody, it is certainly? evidgnt that

The mm, of meeting of the pomp  State College girls don’t carry ﬂasks.
cal Science Club has been changed] * "‘ *
to Friday] 4:10, the ﬁrst and third ,Cheer leader Heinemann: “Let’s have
week of the month. {a acomotive with three coaches on

PHONE MAIN 2660

Marinello Shop

Alice F. Buckley
lll State Street

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

POLI 8! CHANGES

 

 

_—~-_.~.~___——_—__+.;th i!” A 1 -~ . .. 
CHEER FOR THE TEAM! irozdelisgngdmrgdrisht aftci that mi

 

 

 

