   

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 194!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

   
    
   
    
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
 

 

 

I .
What .5 .the Matter With Us ?

The campaign to give defense stamps instead of corsages
for Prom was not speciﬁcally at the instigation of this
publication, 'but the NEWS is whole-heartedly behind it.
This is. important as campaigns go because it signiﬁes that
atil'east ‘SOme of our students are awake to a world situation
that demands our active support. The students behind this
movement realize as so many of us do not that we must
listen for the scraping sound of bombs as they are loaded
into Nazi bombers; not for their devastating detonation as
they fall upon us sending death into our midst. It is high
time that the people of America and especially of State
College awaken to the necessity of active support of the war
effort, lest they die in their night shirtslllll

Scarlett O’Hara’s philosophy of “I’ll think about it tomor-
row” may sound well in ﬁction, but it can bring nothing but
destruction to a nation at war. France “thought about it
tomorrow“ and ‘now she thinks no more. , How long will it
take the American people to realize that we are in a war
which we must win, but which we are not winning. Not by
any stretch 'of the imagination can Japanese advances in
the far East, the stiffening of Nazi resistance in Russia, the
recent' humiliation of the British Navy and RAF in the
Straitsof Dover, and the Nazi shelling of vital oil reﬁneries
in'lﬂiefllutch‘East Indies be interpreted as gains by the
UnitédTINations.

Itis not. a comforting thought that President Roosevelt
said on Wednesday that an attack on New York City is
feasible. 'It is not a comforting thought that Senator John-
son (R-Calif;) charged on the same day that there is “no
adequate defense of the Paciﬁc Coast” and that “without
that we’re likely to see in the near future another Pearl
Harbor" .(San Francisco). These are not comforting
thoughts, but they are thoughts. If these are the ideas that
are in the minds of our State College students and the minds
of the American people and in the minds of our Congress-
men, these people would not bicker over slight encroach—
ments in Hell Week activities, or the inconvenience of tire
rationing, or spent time enacting legislation insuring old age
security. Concepts of personal pleasure, convenience and
even security, are all gone by the board now. We must
realize this or we will follow these concepts. There can be
only one thought now: we must ﬁght, you must ﬁght, he
must ﬁght, I must ﬁght, for only by such aggressive thought
and action can we deserve, or indeed obtain, the security
which we crave.

Fight cannot mean guns and battles for college students,
but it can and does mean all-out student cooperation in the
war activities effort which has been set up by students and
faculty alike. This all-out student cooperation has not been
forthcoming. In the ﬁrst week of Defense Stamp sales in
the Co-op our students purchased five cents worth of stamps
each. Is this an all-out effort ‘3 In the month or so so that
Red Cross sewing has been organized at this college only
eleven out of approximately eight hundred girls have re-
sponded to the call and done work worth mentioning. Can
this be called an all-out effort. Leaders in all phases of the
war activities complain of a general apathy on the part of
all workers. The volunteers Were many and enthusiastic
shortly after last December 7, but workers who grew out
of this enthusiasm are few and far between 1!!! Something
must be done about this situation. The only people who can
do this something are the students of" this college. The
responsibility is ours——~we must accept it or suffer for our
negligence in the future.

Recent developments haVe shown that we must be pre-
pared. The whole college is being closed after dark with the
exception of iluestcd Hall where a few essential after—dark
activities must be carried on. Is this not enough to convey
to even the most apathetic of persons that something un-
usual is afoot ? This means that our library will be closed
evenings. When an institution for the training of teachers
curtails its educational program, one must conclude that
even the most important of things must bow to the spirit

of war. ' It is our lot to ﬁght.

     
 

 

The Weekly Bulletin

SIB CLUB SPONSORS NEED-
It is very important that En
nil seniors 8in gfﬂdlﬂlﬂﬁ
:lﬁgdegttﬁudeﬁg afﬁnﬁoygegt coring the following clubs
Bureau, fill in the number in Mllnev 919"“ “9 M"-
of the mom when, each Paul Bulger or Winifred
class is being held, also Beer, ’42: unto mechanics;
where they can be located movie appreciation; her-
in free periods. Please check
your schedule curds Imme-
dlutely.
MIT. PAUL BULGEB,
Director of Sn”.
SENIORS, GRADUATE
STUDENTS

Anyone interested In spon-

needed for each club.)

SOCIAL CALENDAR
February 20—SCA Chorus,
Lounge, 3:80 I’. M.
February 20—Junlor Prom,
Auraniu Club. 10 I’. M.
February 21—Junlor Lunch-
eon, Jack's Restaurant, 1
D

. M.

Seniors and graduate stu-
dents‘ interested In working
on committees on “The Let-
ter of Application” or “Per-
sonal interview and Ap-
pearance" or “Ethics”
should sign up at the Stu-
dent Employment Bureau
now. Reports of the results
in about a month. The last
day for signing up is Mon-
day, February 23.

MR. PAUL BULGER.
Director of SE".

JUNIOR CONFERENCES
Juniors whose names are

February 21—Betn Zeta vic
dance, 9 P. M.

February iii—Kappa Delta
yic dance, 9 P. M.

February 24—Forum meet-
ing, Lounge, 3:30 P. M.

February 24 — Advanced
Dmmatics plays, Page

posted on the bulletin board ml" “Uilllorlllmv 3'30
opposite the registrar's of— P- “-
ficc and who have not con- February 25._Dehme gem.

s‘ulted with Dean Nelson on  mm. Rom" 00 3.30 p M
yet must do so some time ‘ ' "' ' ' '
many, February 2Il——.\'ewmun Club
M. G. NELSON, meeting. Newman Club,

"can of the College. 7:30 1’. M.

KWwaAW

by Bub Adamo

I’m overwhelmed, non-plussed, discombooberated
and out of a job. I’ve chewed my hands down to
stumps. My nerves are shot to pieces. My head beats
like a tomtom. My pulse is doing a rhumba and you
ask “How did you like the blackout?" People like
you oughta be shot. Another blackout like that and
I'll need more than Kildare or Gillespie. I’ll call in
Glotz, I will. Who's Glotz ? He’s the little brown man
who rides in on the left ear of the calico cat. dangles
the left ear of an antelope, a toothbrush and three
lumps of sugar in front of me, slaps me with an anvil
and shouts: “Hell Shotzfrotz, and we will gruber!"

. I’m tired of it. Pink elephants are nothing.
Lavendar alligators are insipid. Little green dragons
are colorless. Have you ever had a little brown brother
ride in on the left ear of a calico cat and shout “Hell,
Shotzfrotz and we will gruber" ?

It's silly but it happens and it's all on account of
blackouts and blackouts are dangerous to sanity.
I wouldn’t mind but in my contract with Sour Brotten
Pictures Co. Inc. Ltd. there is a sanity clause. Who
said there ain’t no sanity clause ? You've never been
to Hollywood or Culvert City. Ask that little buoy.
Sea ?

Anyway out here in Culvert City. we had another
blackout the other night, just as I was about to dress
for the premiere of “OUR CYNIC AND OLD LACE."
Sour Brotten Pictures Co. Inc. Ltd's newest smash hit.
(I wrote It. It'll smash all right. Boston doesn’t like
me. New York hates my guts. Chicago says I’m a
misogynistlc misanthrope. Charlie McCarthy says I'm
Stuporman In person and Barrymore says, “Barrymore
work for Sour Brotten . . . PHaahhhhhhhhhhhh I")

Anyhow, I was about ,to dress for the premiere when
all the lights went out and the sirens started meaning.
I kept time with them by screaming “Eve-linn I Eve-
llnn I" (my English valet, Evelyn Martin DeQuincey
Schmaltz. Princeton. '39, out of Saratoga by way of
Pimlico. Epsom Downs. Hialeah and East Toidy-Toid
Street). “Eve—linn l" I bellowed in my best Sour Brot-
ten Pictures Co. Inc. Ltd, manner. Then I remembered.
Evelyn was dancing with Tosca, my maid who had
offered to take Marley my cook to see her mother in
Packard, my car, so James, my chauffeur. took Sam
my second valet and since they were passing the Casa
Banana they dropped off Jock. my gardener and Eva
my wife . . . Wahhhhl I was all alone.

“I must dress for the premiere." said I to Sour
Brotten's wit and author of that smash hit, “Our Cynic
and Old Lace." I started toward the bedroom, tripped
over a footstool, careened through space and lit gasp-
ing like a damp goldﬁsh on the tea table. Good 01'
tea table—rolled through the doorway and deposhlt—
pardon—depositedme in the bedroom. I think. "Now
to get drcsh—dressed." said I. “dresh for the premiere.”

“Dresh, dresh, dresh." I was singing ten minutes
later as I hailed a cab. “Drcsh, dresh, dresh." I chanted
twenty minutes later as the cab drew up in front of
Growemann's Chi-knees Theeter. “Whatta you know,
no lites," shouted God's gift to Sour Brotten Pictures
00. Inc. Ltd. Someone shushcd me shush. “Don't you
shuin me shush," shush I and stepped up to the miker-
phone. Just then somebody yelled, “Blackout’s over I",
the whole world lit up and there I stood, a searchlight
beating down on me. dressed in a shoe box. on old
inner tube and a pack of Old Golds. I guess the tea
table didn't take me into the bedroom. Wahhh was
me I

War Fronts

by Feigenbaum

With the Japanese 75 miles from the city, the
British are evacuating the civilian population from
Rangoon, the seaport of the Burma road. Chinese
troops have launched a drive against northern Thai-
land to relieve the pressure on Burma.

The Japanese captured Singapore. and launched
their drive against Sumatra. They took the ruined
industrial city of Palembang in the south where the
Dutch have destroyed the oil ﬁelds. Japanese planes
attacked the naval base at Darwin in North Australia.

Winston Churchill. facing a stormy Commons on the
charge of gross inefficiency in Malaya and Singapore,
and the escape of the Nazi battleships Scharnhorst
and Gneisenau accompanied by the cruiser Prinz
EugEn, granted a two day full-dress debate for next
wee .

 

 

 

 

 

monicn. (One sponsor isv

 

 

By Herb Lenelcer

It used to be the height of ambition for a mother
to have her son grow up and became President. Now
she wants her daughter to grow up and marry a man
who will become President. . . .

Have you had any of the “war-coffee" at the Boul
yet ?

In a letter to Glen Walrath, Van Schulze, last year’s
glamour boy around State, gives a graphic descrip-
tion of the life of an aviation cadet. Stationed at the
biggest Air Corp Replacement center in the U.S., Van
enlightens us thus:

“A replacement center is a place where men are
sent for 3 or 4 weeks training in the ‘School of the
Soldier,’ which is just a fancy name for infantry
drill."

Two Vane at Jefferson Benecla

’44'5 contribution writes that Van Ellis is also at
Jefferson, and that the former ’43er has a "soft" job,
being stationed there for the duration—living in the
comparative luxury of a barracks.

Schulze and most of the boys live in tents, which
are OK, IF “you can keep the ﬁre hot, if your tent
doesn't leak, if you can keep the draft out with all
the cracks in the bottom. and if the weather isn't 8
degrees below zero."

About the only deplorable condition is the fact
that our hero hasn't seen a girl to talk to for over a
month (except behind a counter), causing him to
begin to doubt the existence of the beautiful beings
which he unromantically labels “creatures.” . . .

No, Van, State doesn't look too much like a girl’s
school yet—at least not any more than usual. You
ask about the “News” being sent to you—it can be
arranged. and Glen will probably take care of it.

Tell the other Van his classmates are having their
Junior Prom this weekend,~that they all wish he
could be here to watch Don Redman and his black—
out band swing out. Tell him we’ll be thinking of him
anyway, and that we’re all wishing him the best of
luck. . . .

Schulze will move in a couple of weeks to one of
the various ﬂight training centers. but at the present
can be reached by writing Private Van Schulze, Flight
17, 28th Squad, Jefferson Barracks, Missouri. . . .

Victory Through Sweet Only

It's just about time we all got on the ball. rolled up
our sleeves, and Went to work. The Japanese may be
using .25 caliber riﬂes, they may be using BB guns,
but at any rate they’ve done an 'elluva lot of damage.

Italy may be mad at Germany;—Germany may be
about to explode internally;—All the oppressed peoples
of Europe may be just on the verge of a gigantic revolt;
——German officers may be getting shot down instead of
dying by disease. etc.;—and Steam-roller Joe Stalin's
boys may be giving Adolf the bum's rush;——All of
which is pleasant to hear but doesn't count for a hoot
in you know where. in winning this war.

The followers of a pot-bellied imitation Caesar may
be mad at Aryanism's chief exponent, but this does not
bring Singapore back. Joe Stalin is doing OK now in
the winter, but Adolf isn't exactly ready for a wheel-
chair yet, and in the spring. while most men are turn-
ing lightly to thoughts of love, Dracula's dream child
will have his eye on the Kremlin. hoping to have
Comrade Joe for dinner—on toast l

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, 1916
by the Class oi 1918

 

\'ol. XXVI Friday, l"I‘lII'lllll‘_\' ‘_'Il, llil'.’ No. Iii
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The Illnlergrnduule m-Wspnper ol' the New York Sillll- (.‘ol-
log.- for ’l'exll'lu-I‘s published every l“l‘illll.\' oi' lIil' collegi-
year by the NEWS lionrd for [he Student Assoelnlion.
l'hones (“Their-“1371!: llol'l'ulu'l-, li-L'H-lli; llillHll'lll. Desi:-
(il'lIIiWIllII. 3-0538.

Entered as second class nmller Albany. N. Y., pesto/lice.

 

RIPRBBINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIBING IV

National Advertising Service, inc.
Col/ego Publishers erlrmntau'vu

420 MADIBON Ave. New Yomt. N. Y.

CHICAGO ‘ IIOITD'I ‘ LOI Alﬁllll ' 5‘” FRANCIICO

The News Board
EDWIN J. HOLBTEIN —  —
WILLIAM R. DORRANCE ~
A. HARRY PASSOW ~ _
MADELINE GRUNWALD ~<
HARRIET DEFOREBT ADVERTISING MANAGE"
ALLEN SIMMONS ~ » CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL » ~- — —- aroma EDITOR
FLORA GABPARY — »— —- ABBOCIATE EDITOR
MURIEL BCOVELL — — — ASSOCIATE EDITOR
DAVID BLAVIN — — ~ ~ ABEOCIATE canon

 

'- EDITOII-lN-CHIEI’
CO-EDITOR lN—CHIEF

MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER

 

ISSUE EDITORS

FLORA GASPARY
MURIEL BCOVELL DAVID BLAVIN

 

 

«Wu:
All communleions should he addressed lo [he udllur
. - a I
lu‘iuui ’II‘U'riiKIllall. Mum-s will be withheld upon retue‘sll,
ihe SiAil'l Hil.l.lu‘(ll‘l Nl"\\'l~l nsn‘llilll'ii no responsihllhi'
for opinions expressed in he columns or cmnmuuicuilouu.

us such czpresslous do not necessarily relieci its View.

   

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARYIIO,104!

‘

  
      
   
       
   
    
       
    
   
       
  

l1, AH“,

  
     
    
    
   
 
      
     
 
   
 
     
   
     
     
   
       
 
 
   
 

 

     
 
 
   

    
  
   
    
   
   
  
   
 
 

’ ,_ ‘fts of ’43
" ally with
 caused
ﬁn to re-
;ui wait-
ggruntled
.: to sug-
Lis danc-
jastics to
ng table.
:1 recup-
,‘np, were

: render-

    
 
   
  
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
  

   
        
  
  
  
  

‘lne
iiOi‘ and
hich ’43,
(1 hand-
(manner
“ward.
ieir cus-
i to in-
and of-
I heaven
ilthough
to com-
ustrated
iat they
‘rom the

   
   
      
  
 

  
  
  
   

   
      
  
  
  

   
  
     
         
      
  

y. their
:d. “The
thing in
lr stride
. for on
rivalry
in fav-

 
  
     

    
  
 

 

 

  
      
 

 

A’Tto’rfiho IuII — Joke lance, Georgia Tech captain, burst through a group

of, Kentucky players in a gallant effort to get the ball and pui his loom

gatinafroni. It was all in vain however as the Tech quini was nosed out,
to 7. =

Collegian Digest Photo by tone

  
     
    
 
 
  

   
 

 

Ie class,
re year
dreaded
'esident,
of this
h diso-
iw that
I: place,
)hs en-
show—
igs and

       
     
      
       
      
        
  
     
    
        
 

ran. the
or and .-, .
with a 

  
 

  

   
     
      

zed, un- 1;: ‘
with a
:hed its 
‘in the 
ten the
:led an-
)antless
on the
eshmen
,ony at

crafty
— oe bal-
f Dean
ice the

         
    
 
      
      
      
         
      
      
      
      
   
 

    

   

s

The man shortage hos Ioken on a gruesome aspeci of
Akron University, and the latest "blind date" fumed out prece- 
to be a skeleton However, he’s all dressed up and ready “mores :1
'0 9° Wllh 55m” lee’man- Collegiate Dlgoli Photo by Tombllng m” U

      
       
  

   
 
 
  
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

Dig for Dolonso— Be-
cause at a labor shortage,
several Midland College
students did their share
on the home from by dig-
ging water pipe dilches as
no" of. a Federal Housing
  ‘Proicici. The boys Iermed
‘- Ii, “Dlri for Japan.“

......*.._...

Daffodils!
"V l c i o r y Weekend” at
Cornell University and The
“V: in Our Bonnei" vari-
oiy, show nailed more than
$5,000 in war iiomp sol“
raconlly when the school
,wan oil oui Io old the
wor oiled. This chorus In.
eluded football stars. the
elem president and promi.
hem campus figures.

pilegloio Dine" Phoio by Ioviion

 

    
     
   
     
     
      
      
     
     
     
 
       

         

      
  
  

  

Itorll-
Luke
cokee.

   
 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

