STATE COLLEGE News, FRIDAY, JANUARY 9‘, 194:,

State B sketeers To Meet ' mommy. §   .5  
a mﬁnisll College Career a“  a"

Sriﬁliﬂ'cotlﬁeﬁ We rumor; 1“th  ’

 

NoUnion Now...

 '. Communication ‘—'——"__

4 x. s  

 
     

 

 

 

 

,: Vol. xxvr L

tannins may-.1616
by the Class of 1918

ll‘rlduy, Juuuui'y ii, ill-i2 No. 14
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York Shite Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS BOIII'il for the Student Association.

,85-0373; Dorrnnce, 3-2843; Holstein, 5-2315;

 

Office

Phones:
Gru'nwald, 3-9

 

 

The Women's Morals
And Their Protection

 

,4. ‘7.

To The Student Body:

The committee appointed by Myskania to investigate
the possibilities for establishing a so-called “student un-
ion” in the Farrell Mansion, voted unanimously at its last
meeting to drop the matter and suspend further investi-
gations. The reasons for this action were numerous and

 

CARL

 

RPI In Page'Gym Tonight

Eagles Will Encounter
Hobart Squad Jah. 16,-
Merritt Reioins Team

The State basketeers, presumably
refreshed by the Christmas vacation,

 

Point Decides Victor
In Basketball Opener

Western Hall gained the distinc-

All you loyal feminine basket-
ball rooters may heave a sigh of
relief. Contrary to all previous
reports, "Moose" Gerber will
definitely remain at State and
on the basketball team.

“Moose” has enlisted in the
Naval Reserves and will be al-
lowed to ﬁnish his college ca-
reer. Through this Gerber gets

 

next Thursday.

After a fortnight layoff, Inns
mural basketball squads returned to

action this week. Most of the teams *

have already completed their quota
of tussels for the first half of the
schedule which comes to a close

Scoring a victory over the Kappa

 

Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postoﬂ'ioe. _ _ .
Far away and long ago, there was a college. In that came after weeks of investigation. The influence of the war and the will resume activity this Friday “on _Of being the m“ Vlcmr 10‘ a V-7 classiﬁcation in the Naval Slandinss WCdM'dW
RIFIIIINTID Iron NATIONAL ADVIRTIIING Iv land and in those days, college was a place where ser_ . _ , draft means more than a chilly wind when they meet RPI on the Page WAAS baSketban. season by talk “3 Reserve and will become an en- Won Lost
National Advertising service, Inc. ious minded young men and women went to assimh Communications from numerous other colleges which here at state. Hall court. This will be the only a close cohlest “0m Cooper H011“ sign in the navy when he ﬂn- grill" 9""; -,-~d,~-~---- g ‘1’
College Publisher: Representative late knowledge, and to develop independence of thought have organizations similar to the one proposed disclosed We swung back into the saddle af- game between these two teams this with 3 fctglefof 211th) 1510.  Egg“ ishes his training. He is also on 0,5122, 32:,‘I,,’,:,"_ m'ff‘ffgg 4 1
420 MADISON AVI. le You. N.Y. and maturity of mind. And, surprisingly enough, some Situations which would never be met at State College es_ ter a vacation of syncopation and seasoll- gins] i=2“ y WEB?“ “36931 :f 556;: call during the summer for pre- Kilppit non. ............ .. ii a
cmcm ' Bosvon - l-ol Imm- ' 5" PIA-elm young men and women who went there actually did. . . ' . 1. t. Ad . . ’t hibernation to find that half of RPI has played only one game so “33:58:56”:ng nd Mar e Aside? llllllllal'y tl‘alnlllE- ﬁ‘m‘mc'ﬁ' “ml-l" - ' - ' - - ' ' ' " i 1
Mention has already been made that at this college p‘eCIally "1 the hght 0f present con“ lons' . mlllls ra‘ State's womanhood returned flash- for. That one was against Hamilton, 18‘; 000' er a g y “Now I have something to look shill-ii" illult ..l‘l.:::::::: i 4
tion, in almost every case, was by a full-time director ing rocks on the finger. while a RPI emerging the loser by two p ' forward to. It's great to be able Thanh... More .......... .. 0 s

The News Board

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE - — EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN — — — CO-‘EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
A. HARRY PAssow - — - MANAGING EDITOR
MADELINE GRUNWALD — - BUSINEss MANAGER
HARRIET DEFOREST — — ADVERTISING MANAGER
ALLEN SIMMONS -— — CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL —— — — -— SPORT! EDITOR
FLORA GASPARY —- — — AssociATE EDITOR
MURIEL SCOVELL - — — AssocIATE EDITOR
DAVID SLAVIN — — —— — AssocIATE EDITOR
ANDREW TAKAS — — —- — ASSOCIATE EDITOR

ISSUE EDITOR
DAVID SLAVIN

-®2

 

All communications should he addressed to the editor and

 

there were both young men and young women. Ob-
viously this created a problem. Even in those times, the
male of the species was universally possessed of a de-
sire to be in, the company of the female, and the fe-
male of the species was endowed with a liking for the
company of the male. Since these likings were com-
plementary, the result was preordained: the female
was often seen in the company of the male.

The phenomenon created a great disturbance in the
minds of the Directors of the College. These men, all
learned graybeards, pondered much, consulted among
themselves. and finally brought forth a ukase: A re-
striction of the movements of the youths was necessary.
Since they were wise and shrewd, they easily saw that
to remove temptation, it was necessary to restrict only
one of the sexes. Since they were men, they decided to
restrict the women.

Accordingly, they brought forth, after much cogita-
tion and cerebratidn, a set of regulations designed to

remove all that was imprudent and evil

who was either a full member of the faculty or whose
salary was a part of the college budget—either situation
impossible here. In most cases, upkeep expenses were met
by the college budget or by fees too great and too num-
erous to be met by the State College student body at pres-
ent. In every case original furnishings for the building
were purchased either by the college or from donations
of a generous alumni association. Bricfly—investigations
into the programs of other colleges and universities with
situations most nearly comparable to our own, brought
no plan which could be adopted or modified and used at
State College to support a “student union” considering
the need, activities, and financial situation of the State
College student body.

seemingly equal number of men
were on the verge of leaving for
military training.
Basketball Affected

Affecting the sports front is the
news that Morris (Moose) Gerber
has joined up with the now famous
V-7 of the Naval Reserve Corps.
“Moose” just nosed out his local draft
board. but is subject to call upon
very short notice by the Navy.

Next comes our former stellar cag-
er, Bill Forrest, who signed up and
was accepted by the Marines. Bill
left college immediately after
Thanksgiving vacation.

At this time we hear that Co-cap-
tain Bill (Deacon) Dickson has been
in the l-A class since last Septem-

points. The team faces several diffi-
culties going into the game tonight.
Not only has RPI played only one
game in comparison to State’s five
contests, but the squad has lost at
least temporarily the services of one
of its most valuable men, co-captain
Bert Hawks. It is to be expected that
the team may have trouble accus-
tomiiig itself to State's small court.
Eagles At Full Strength

As the Eagles round into mid-
season form, Bill Marsland appears
to be the “white hope.” Although
only 3 sophomore, his steady, wide—
awakc all-around good play has
earned him a position on the start-
ing five along with ca-captains Hank
Brauller and Bill Dickson. Brauner

t b l' cl. Sinus will be withheld upon request. I . _ . _ . .. ,. I ' ' .
Till]: S'I‘ei'lllfnclngmﬁjﬁ NEWS “Shumea m, res-ponshmhy Model in the movements of the female of the Under ordmary condltlons, the fact that no prog .am ber’ and his deferment exph.ed yes_ Is the tennis leading scorer with 52
for opinions expressed In Its columns or eoulnllinicutlons‘, Monitor species. Reaching Into the hat once f th _ .  l  b  l t t 0 wt terday_ What the score will be with pomts in five games. Dicksons di-
us such expressions do not necessarily reflect Its view. Found more, they prhduced an administrator 0_ ano 91. (:0 ege Lou ( 9 m0( 9‘ O mee Om “1 “a” the present set—up remains to be ﬁction of the floor play has made

of the regulations—o woman. tlon an original program could have been planned. How- seen, 1 m Invaluable lo the team. Paul

In Defense of Five

In a time of national peril many things
which were planned for peacetime activity
must of necessity be scrapped. Yet there are
other projects, seemingly extraneous at the
moment, having such great import for the
future that they must be abandoned only
after the most careful consideration and
thought. One such peacetime project is the
ﬁve year teacher-training program of the
State of New York which is at present under
ﬁre from many quarters, not the least from
the students of State College.

The ﬁve year plan is not only a program,
it is part of a philosophy of education which
believes that teachers shouch have increased
preparation not only in the academic ﬁelds,
but in the cultural and social as well. The
training of teachers is an evolutionary proc-

Costly research and national surveys proved
that teachers who were graduates of a four-
year course were too young and a little
socially underdeveloped to enter upon a heavy
teaching burden immediately after leaving
college. Their training was believed too con-
centrated; the products of that training were
lacking in ability to understand material in
more than two, or at the most, three ﬁelds.

The ﬁve year program was instituted to
correct these faults in the teacher-training
setup by spreading the work over a ﬁve year
period and by requiring courses in four dif-
ferent ﬁelds of work. Campus-teaching is
done in the ﬁfth year when the trainee is
more mature socially and has a greater com-
mand of subject matter.

An attempt to shorten the training period
because of the war will bring back the prev-
ious difficulties.

An attempt to shorten the program for
the men who would remain to carry out even
a four year course would not warrant the
expense and energy.

An attempt toshortcn the program would
lower the standing of the teaching profession.

An attempt to shorten the program would
deﬁnitely be unjust to a post war world

create a better educative procass for the
generations to come.

Registration For Defense

All those students who failed to register
with the War Activities Council during the
recent drive, will have an opportunity to do
so ,this Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
from 10 A. M. to 3:30 P. M. in Room 107.

Deciding, as they had, to entrust the reputations and
the actions of their young girls to this administrator,
they had searched as far and as thoroughly as they
could to find someone with a superabundance of the
proper qualifications, and they had succeeded. The
person whom they chose was old enough to have none
of the outlook or the follies of youth, she was of an
unblemished moral character, and she was possessed
of a perfect understanding. Above all. she was just.

The new regulations were immediately put into ef-
fect, and they proved to be an overwhelming and in-
stantaneous success. Everyone was enthusiastic about
them. Their framers were hailed as bringers of a new
high in youthful morality. Everything was ducky.

That is—almost everything. As time went on, and
the students continued to live under them, several
old features were noticed. To begin with, a main pro-
vision of the whole set of regulations was that all of the
women should be in their homes at a certain hour.
This was to have kept them from doing any number
of things, all of them undesirable. As it worked out,
the rule forced everyone to do early what he ordin-
arily would have done late.

The curfew hour was found to interfere with normal
activity. It became almost impossible for many of the

girls to attend an evening showing of a

to return to her house at the regularly prescribed hour.
If, however, she wore a long dress to a dance, it was
possible for her to stay out as much as three hours la-
ter. It was particularly difficult for many people to
understand why a difference in the length of a dress
that a girl wore should produce a difference in the
length of time that she could stay out.

The process of saying good-night ran into difficulties
all its own. The crowds of couples at the doors of the
larger residence houses became embarrassingly large
as the final minutes of grace drew near each night.
Many a youth could be seen holding his beloved in a
good-night embrace, while she, with one half-open eye
on her watch, kept track of the last few seconds be-
fore a dash to the door became necessary.

To eliminate excessive nocturnal osculatlon, a spot-
light had been placed at the front door of the major
women's residence. It was soon evident that the only
thing that had been eliminated had been the front
door as a place of osculation. Ingenious youth found
new places.

The graybcards took no notice of these phenomena.
They rested secure in the knowledge that they were
doing the best that they could to insure the highest
behavioral standards for the youths in their care. And
their efforts were praised in all educational circles.

The youths. in their turn, abided by the rules. and
longed for their vacations to come so that they could
go home and once more live normal lives.

The Weekly Bulletin

 

if :I sewing machine can he “"“uh CALENDAR
Ullillllluil for this work. lllllllllll'b’ ll HI‘A ('lllli'llri,
Anybody knowing u [Ilissl‘ Lounge, 3:30 1'. M,

lill' donor of sIII-Ii ll llli‘t- .IIIIIIIIII'y l) Hililo-ltl’l lins-
i'llllli‘ IN requested to Iu~ lil‘lliilll gIIIIIo, l'ugo [Inn
i'orul llii‘ III-:Iu of Women. gylii, 7:30 I', M,

A"... "3"""1. ulil|lllllil'.V l-‘i "ll‘til‘iilll moot-

'l'llol‘l- will be llil exIIl< m“ lmuugv’ ""m l" M‘
lililiill of i'l‘I'illlVli art by 'l‘”,'"""»l' ‘5  l'lllllllllil'l‘h‘
IiIo lili'llilitil‘ii of Ari ~i fill“ lllelillllu, Room 20“.
Iliroughoui the week of '“mv-M- ,
January 1]. Pictures will ‘l"'.'”""y "5  l\lliiilll PM
he hung in the second floor “will”. "limllllu. Lounge,
corridor of llrupcr Ililll. l'” 1- Mv
ENGLISH 2 TEACHERS
Second semester lllngllali

.IlIIiIIIIry iii—«Nowmuli (Flu!)
Ilon linur Sci-vice, Vin-
ceniluu Grotto, 7 1’. M.

 ,_ ...WI.Wy.m.n-i.m .LW.....E__........_ .i..O.__.‘_»....~_

ever, the involvement of the United States in a war has
necessitated the decision to drop the matter on the
grounds that it is both impractical and not feasible.

Furnishing and Maintenance Estimates Made

A preliminary arrangement of activities and space al-
lotment led to the belief that approximately $4,000 or
$5,000 would be necessary to merely furnish the build-
ing. Basing the upkeep expenses on the figures available
at the time (which have risen considerably since then
and are still going up), it was estimated that another
$4,000 would be necessary for upkeep—including heat-
ing, care of grounds, repairs, and general rehabilitation.
These figures were kept at an absolute minimum, it was
believed, and were based on prevailing prices. With the
United States at war, even if the money were available,
it might not be possible to purchase furniture, fuel oil,
and other things necessary to furnish the Farrell Man-
sion adequater so that it might be used as a center for
all extra-class activities of the student body.

until the payment of student taxes next September. Sec-
ondly, purchase of furnishings on a time payment basis
is both impractical, expensive, and extremely poor
finance since the action would have no assurance that
payments could be met in the future years.

Type and Number of Future Students Unpredictable

It was impossible to estimate the number of students
attending State College next year and the war years to
follow just as it was impossible to estimate the charac-
ter of the student body to come, the activities of this
student body, and the financial situation which they
would meet. It was not extremely difficult to envision
a State College student body next year composed of a
larger proportion of women than ever before, a female-
dominated student body living in a war world under
financial conditions altogether different from our own,
engaged in activities altogether different from our pres—
ent extra-class activities. Certainly, if our present plans
for war activities are developed and are engaged in by as
large a proportion of the student body as have volunteer-
ed during the first few days of registration, the need for
a “student union" as planned for by the student body at
present, is completely erased. There will be no timcl for
the activities we engage in today nor will there be a place
for many of our present extra-class projects.

Therefore, since the need for a “student union" has

which were to have gone into this project are now need-
ed for more important and lasting programs—the com-
mittee has voted to drop the matter of a “student union”
until this great crisis in our national history has reached
its Victorious solution.

A. HARRY PAssow,

Chairman of Mvshania Committee
Investigating Student Union
Possibilities.

Neither Dickson nor Gerber will
have to leave the team for the pres-
ent unless an emergency arises. This,
we consider especially good news.
Merritt Returns

And more good news comes with
the announcement that Paul Merritt
will be able to play basketball once
again. Paul has been pronounced
physically fit to play basketball by
the college medical staff, although
he may only play for limited periods.

State will tackle RPI tonight on
the local court and it seems that the
boys can chalk up another victory
for Pedagogy.

Freshman Team
Points For Game

With RPI Five

eers have definite plans for “Victory
in ’42." Tonight, the RPI freshmen
are to be the first victims of this
movement.

Santa’s presents have been tuck-
ed away; the boys have a week’s
hard drilling under their belt; and
have high hopes of stopping what is
touted as “RPI‘s best freshman
team in years."

The yearling engineers won Ilieir
only start this year. However. the
RPI'crs are used to cuvorting on
a miniature prairie and they may
find their activities a trifle hamper-
ed by the general pctltencss of the
Page Hall plant. The frosh will be
at full strength for the contest,
Warren Kuliman’s injured schnoz—
zola having healed.

Glancing quickly over the season
to date a few impressions stand out:

First, a large bouquet of Wash-
ing-ton Park Lake seaweed to the
YMCA’s coach, Art Lee. The fresh-
men's "buddy" from the fresh camp
draped the jayvee uniforms over the
sturdy shoulders of the "Y" varsity
and turned ills behemoths loose. This
outfit is one of the best semi-pro
teams in the district and much harm
to the frosh's morale might have re-
suited.

Dismisslng the “Y” incident as

an effective defense—and worked
as a unit in chalking up the first
freshman victory ill—«Well, quite a
while.

It is not a State secret that the
frosh’s prospects this year were a
little on the tattle-tale gray side.

Their bowing to a crippled Acad-
emy team seemed to bear out the
direr predictions. The team has
come a long way in the few weeks
since then. They have not “ar-
rived,” but they seem to be on their

way.

Merritt. a veteran of last year who
has been unable to play with the
team until now, may start in the
RPI game. He has been coaching
the freshman team but has not
worked out with the varsity until
this week. Leo Griffin will prob-
ably be the ﬁfth man.
Iloburt Next

A game with Hobart on the Page
court January 16 will be the final
game of the semester. Hobai't’s ﬁve
is pretty much of an unknown quan-
tity as this will be their opening
game. Several veterans including
co-captains Roy Weber and Herbert
Fitch who played on the squad which
beat State last season have returned
and Coach Speed Wilson is expect-
ing to have a good team. Hobart
has included such tennis as the Uni-
versity of Rochester, Colgate, and
RPI in its schedule.

 

88?, calliIEg ifor acquilsittion of Sklill and dei getmllll'e d mgtionnplctéiig excihtt'on weekenrfis. d The problem of financing the program became increas_ B t K]

V9 0mm“ 0 personal y OVer a DDS DerlOC “""m ecu 2‘" ‘ ere" 3 “ms were 0”“ in l difficult. First of all nom n r ' - by 9" 'c-V .

3 of time and in a wide range of interests Deadline to exist. It was necessary for a girl who g y t ‘th ‘ ’ ‘ 0 2y dest‘t‘Yallable at the With due respect to the “Victory The
 “ went to a dance wearing a short dress momen nor was 619 any 1” ospec 0 39 mg any money in '43" campaign, the fi'osh basket—

 

GINNY

Making up for a snowless Christ-
mas, ole man weather has provided
the fairer sex of State with a white
blanket of snow just right for skiing
and tobog‘anning. Winter sports
captain Sylvia Tcﬁt has appointed
Dotty Huyck to supervise skiing,
but as yet there is no one in charge
of tobogannlng. Rumors have it that
there is no toboggnnl However. any-
one interested in captaining the
sport should contact Sylvia.

Rita Hickey (of boys' basketball
forum will watch over the figure-
cight cutters. Girls skating on their
own time should turn in their rec-
ords to Rita.

A new bowling rule has been in-
troduced” There has been such an
enthusiastic turn-out of feminine
kcglcrs that the Rice Alleys have
been swamped and girls have had to
wait some time for their turns. At a
recent Council meeting. it was de-
cided to give credit for games bowl—

upsct one of the great unwritten tra-
ditions of State College—The inas-
culinc control of the ping-pong table
in the Commons. It appears that
more girls than men are playing
these days on the table moved up to
the balcony. Twenty girls are still in
the contest with Kit Herdinan, Claire
Schwartz and WAA's president. Kay
Peterson, at the top of the ladder.
Captain Marge Ackley declares all
matches must be played by January
23.

At the end of the first half, Cooper
Was leading by three points, but
during the second, Western began
piling up points and wound up with
a winning one-point margin. Enslow
made a spectacular shot close to the
center bringing the victory to her
team.

In the second game, Moreland beat
Commuters A by a 20 to 5 score. The
Commuters trailed with but a single
point until the last few minutes
when their passwork began to click.

Dorm A’s combination of LaSalle,
Domann and Herdman proved too
much for Dorm B, who lost 16 to 6.

to continue playing for State,"
said “Moose,” voicing the opin-
ion of most of State College’s
athletically-minded students.

 

Monoghan Bowls High Score

Yesterday Ann Monoghan bowled
a high single score of 175, thereby
leading the WAA league and pacing
her Newman Hall team to a. victory
over Psi Gamma. Thursday the
Newman team will meet the winner
of the Jumpers-Wren Hall match
which is to be completed Monday.

 

Beta squad, Sigma Lambda Sigma
tightened its grip temporarily on
second place.

In recording its win OVer the Lake
St. lads, the SLS aggregation piled
up an early lead and was never in
danger. Jordan led the winner's at-
tack with 10 points.

Sayles Hall began the new year
by scoring its first victory of the
current campaign over Thomas
More, 23-22. The contest was one of
those close affairs, with only one
point separating the teams in any
of the quarters.

 

 

 

Just the thing to bright-
en up that tired-out
wardrobe! Help your-
self to a breath of
spring in the middle of

January . . . even if you

 

can’t go South. Sizes
9 to 15.

l which will more than ever need excellently- U '“'"’ l"""l"‘”l l l j,,,,‘,‘,‘f;‘,1',!"','fi ,,,'";;“',,, l"”,‘,‘"',-Vr passed. temporarily! Since the program at lll‘erlellt l8 gulfrlutll‘j‘le'  ed at other allch besides at Rice’s.
‘ - - . war one Ill" r's v n. - :  ll ti ' . ,', . v - ' ‘,"' .“' , ,,'- . . , _ , ,
_ tramed teachers, who by the”, abundant 8km W WWW llhl \I‘Inmh‘iw "mm m, MUM fmancflallyblfllﬁuhliﬁnd impractical, and since It appears “1211;”? game. They displayed Howiivci, 11(l)ml:illildb will be made A. Black bodlce With bmghtly
. v -  , . .  i,» - , .- .- H , ‘. ._ cue "it is.
and trammg and knowledge would help to mm... I. on Hill I...“ more can 0 a c monies and encigles and actIVItIes what they had plcvlouhly licked Ollwgzﬁs summon tournament has printed Skirt

brightness.

the winter.

 

 

 

B. Spring Navy with lingerie
C. Beige, pink or blue to lighten

JUNIOR DRESSES . . . Second Floor

 

\.

   
   

     
   
  

 

“\._.....m..,.c

