 

 

 

 

It
i
i

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWSE

Established "May, l9l6
by the Class of I9l8 .

Friday November 13, 1942 No. 9

Member ' Distributbr
Associated Collegiate Press Callogiala Dig“!
Theundergraduate newspaper or the New York State Col-

"lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Ofﬁce, 5-9373: Slavln, 2-9726; Burrows, 2-2752

 

,vot. xxvn

 

RIPRIBINTID 70R NATIONAL ADVIITISINC IV

NattonaIAdverttstngSemce,Inc.
Collar Pub/Mm Rrpnnnlauvr

420 MADIsON sz. New YORK. N, Y.

CHICAGO : BOSTON - L0! AHOILII - SAN FRANCIICO

The News Board

 

DAVID SLAVIN EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
FLORA M. GASPARY

, R. MURIEL SCOVFLLI
CAROLYN BURROWS - - - -
BEVERLY PALATSKY - - -
KATHERINE COUSINS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
iatzTER FAAR‘CHETTA ~'-' - - - - swears EDIron
'J'ANET BA'XTER' - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BERNARD SKOLSKY‘ -‘ - - - - ASSOCIATE EDETOR

BETTY s’rENGEL‘- - - - - -AssocIATE sorron

- - - CO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER

 

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
view.

I
There II Come A Day
For the first time in this war. our side is calling
the plays. For the first time since that fateful
Sunday in December the American people have
a major victory to celebrate.

 

Btu there are two ways to celebrate the kind of
victory we have won. We could become jttbilant.
and hysterical, in fatt, so much so that we forget
that this is only' the bcgitming of the ofl'cnsivc
pltasc of this war. ’l‘hc second way in which we
could t'clcbratc would be to resign ourselves to

‘ cvcn grcatcr sacrifice. We must not let down for

cvcn a second. We must work and keep our
vigil Itigltt aml day' stt‘lllltl the victory which
seems to be gathering the horizon will be realized
at the carlicst possible moment anti with thc least
expenditure of men and material.

The American people have the tendency of
carrying" things too far; thcy' harc the quality,
perhaps gootl, perhaps bad, of becoming easily
depressed or _casily' clatcd over the news of the
day.

,, So it is with the students of State (lollcgc.
Cctzt'ainly \\'t.' have a rigltt to be happy over the
('Ill'l‘t‘lll \ittorics of ottr lighting fort'cs. lint \\'('
lllllsf guard against thinking that tltc day' of \'f(-
tory is too near. \\'I- must not rt-lax. We must
not soltrn with cath bttllt-Iin that brings good
ncws. .\'ay, or must, rathcr, intrt-asc the amount
of llltlt' wt- spend doittg the things we do that
are llt‘l‘tlt'tl for \ittory and for the petite that will
follow. .\nd it goes without saying that the
atadcmit work we are pursuing in this tollch-
Is a \Ital fattor in Ilti‘ tondtttt of tilt: war, and
in the winning of the pcatc.

We must (Ulllftllft‘, Imabatctl, our studies in
the st-arth for the lllllll in all its manifestations.
“any of thr tottrst's we now take will help us
dirt-ttly in the stations most of us, men and
wonIt-n alike, will shortly take up with the armed
fonts. .\H of thc tonrscs wr lfllU‘ will help us
ltt'tomt- the enlightened, thinking, \I't'll-lntlantcd
tt-at lIt’is of whith .'\|llt’l ha is in sttt ll woeful llt‘i'tl.
.\lthl of lllt' tourst-s \\'i‘ are taking will help us
to lllltl(lsl1illtl not only (tlll’st'th‘s lntt pt'oplc all
out lltt' globt', so that we Ian ht'lp fashion that
[It‘dti'flll and flt‘t.‘ world of tontotrow. \l’t' must
llliitt' otost'ltt-s lot tlt'lt-ats that ntay (ttlllt‘, lot
lllllt‘l and his tllt‘llt' art: not yet beaten.

ltt short, lt‘l us t‘xjtf‘llil what cnttt'gy’ Wt- have
for the csscnlial tasks \y‘t‘ ill‘t' (ftllt'tl ttpon to lit'l'~
fottn. l.t'| us not yet ((‘lt‘ltl'illt' \lilttl')’. Nay,
let us hold all our t'lation, happint'ss and hopc
for that wonderful day to (rtlll(' when, simul—
'tntously', tbt- rittorious troops of the Unitcd
:bIZttions will patadr itt triumph on l"ifth Avcnuc,
ftioadifly' (Sirius. the (Jhantps l‘lly'sccs, Uulcr tl(‘l|
Linden and Red Square.

STATE COLLEGE NEws, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1942

War Fronts by Feigenbaum

Allied. Invasion of French Africa
Planned Since Pearl Harbor

The Allied High Command an-
nounced that'the decision for the
invasion of the French colonies in
Africa had been made one week
after the attack on Pearl Harbor.
The blueprints were completed in
August.

The global scope of the war is
more than ever evident in this, the
ﬁrst American offensive of the war.
British airmen bombed Italy merci-
lessly preceeding the attack. At
first glance it was thought that the
attacks were to cut Rommel’s supply
lines in anticipation of the British
offensive in Egypt. Now we know
that the real purpose behind them
were to soften up the shipping and
industrial cities of Italy in order to
aid the American forces.

The situation in France is be—
clouded and masked in censorship.
Petain charged that Germans had
violated the Armistice of 1940 by
taking over Unoccupicd France. The
Marshal is undoubtedly being held
a virtual prisoner of the Nazis be-
cause he refused to order the Vichy
soldiers in Africa to resist the Amor—
icans. He told his countrymen to
act as their “conscience dictates."
Petain has almost vindicated him—
self in the eyes of freedom loving
men by his refusal to do any more
dirty work for the Nazi conquer—
ors of France.

Laval has added another point
to the accusations leveled against
him by the United Nations. Hitler,
Laval, and Mussolini went into con—
ference when the allies invaded Af-
rica, and Laval showed himself to be
the number one rat that he is by
ordering the colonies’ to resist the
Americans, and telling the people of
France to remain calm and offer no
resistance to the Germans.

Despite Laval’s orders to the
French soldiers in Africa, American
forces now have control of all of
their objectives in Northern Africa.
Admiral Darlan, Commnader of the
French forces in Africa, ordered all
resistance to cease.

American and German troops are
racing for Tunisia. This colony is
the nearest polnl to the mainland
of Italy frotn Africa. The next
ﬁghting will take place here between
the Germans and Americans.

The Italians are scared. Coast-
all cities are being evacuated, and
reports indicate that the Balkan
railroads arc jammed with German
troops being shipped to reinforce
Italy. These troops are being with-
drawn from the Russian front, and
they must pass through that part of
Yugoslavia held by the guerrila
fighters of General Draja Mihail-
ovlch. These troops have been re—
ceiving supplies from British subs.

 

Bittersweet

By Belly Marsion

 

Attdiencc wet from the feet up
expecting to be entertained. For
them the first play was a comedy,
the director Lois Hampel said. Pre—
cisely at 8:30, my watch must be
ten minutes fast, the curtains were
parted, Better had the cords tangled,
for that was no play. People wand—
ered aw wardly around the stage
lisping lines, each “actor” unaware
of the presence of any other “actor”.
Despite the efforts of Jeanne Bailey
and Rod Fraser who deserve credit
for having developed and projected
their characters, the play was still
in the embryonic stage. It might
well have been called “Six Charac—
ters in Search'of a Director,” for the
guilt obviously hinges on Miss Ham-
pel. Not only were her players be—
wildered by the maze of meaningless
stage movements, but the sets, lights,
and costumes seemed to have been
chosen in capricc.

This is a college, Miss Hampcl,
and you can’t expect the audience
to appreciate a performance that
would have been second rate even
if it had been presented in a one
rootn school house heated by a log
fire.

The entertainment between the
plays might have been almost good;

of this I can be no judge, as I
could not hear what the girl was
singing.

Bob Loucks’ play saved the eve-
ning. To him I cannot give enough
praise for having had the insight
and ability to mold his characters
into a unified drama. From the
moment the play started until the
final curtain the actors had complete
control not only of themselves but
of the emotions of their audience.
'l‘rccc Ancy's vividly expressive
dance, Rhona Ryan's imprognablc
spirit, Jim Meli‘cclcy’s magnificent
portrayal of Life, these should be
remembered. This was acting at
its best, character responding to
character to build to the powerful
climax.

The minor actors, minor though
they were, played their parts well,
especially John Lubcy as the old
man. And each detail of the play
was dramatically excellent: the
costumes suited the characters in
color and line; the lighting was
startling and impressive; the makc-
up, simple but effective.

I can only say thank you to Bob
Loucks and his cast for giving the
attdlencc a real glimpse of the
theatre.

 

   

|\I

  
  

 

 

I

  
 
 

 

   
   
    
 

Thus UNIQUE merger Oaggqbgga
on THE steer Ittyygiprmﬁmm
.wwzs COL; Atlf\'tN0 can;

1 J

 

,.
“HM

- REUNION -
wttm lift; 7715 CONGRESS CON~
VENEDJWO tax-coutotz tooM-
MAIES RENEWED AN OLD ACQUAINF
ANCE. CAREERS 0F SEEN BURTON
or onto AND SEN. BREWSTER 0F
MAINE ARE PARALLEL. Boat
An ENDED "tilt: SAME COLLEGE,
Bottt ARE DEKES, Bot'tt WERE
ELL—CIED T0 'IHE us. SENATE ON
THE REPUBLICAN I'tCKEt tN'tttE

; SAME ELECIION .’

' w

s.

u\\;\\\\\\\\_\
E. ,

   

 

 

II‘KIEIUILD llY
ultk’t IEI l/\Mh’\l P

.‘r 
)A

 

 

I ,~,»,

/ .
t- y - (I iMAtthF 
. MI I Into You
“ . HERE!
Midnile \ﬁ‘ ) 
‘llhl‘ll‘fflllfthtt ' f "
it u it it If It may

“VF/f '

    
 
 
 
 

 

.__._......_by Herb Lencker—————_.__

A WORD TO THE WISE DEP’T . . . Billingsley,
major dome of the ultra ultra Stork Club, ejects
patrons recreating too boisterously, but it will take
much more titan a newly redecorated interior to ever
enable the , former popular college gay-
spot (now sophisticating under new management) to
ever achieve this coveted status. . . .

Because they indulged in the harmless singing that
characterized the aforementioned rendezvous last
year, members of the “arty” set, fresh from the A. D.
stage. were requested to leave the last Tues.
nite. In all fairness it should be tncntioned they then
migrated to the Playdium—and there disgusted every—
one, including fellow SCTers, with their childish be-
havior . . . Oddly enough, they claimed to be celebrat—
ing a triumph. . . .

The management of the »~—~—~~——~  -, while entitled
to iis publicly expressed opinion that many of our
students are “still wet behind the ears," may find itself
in the position of another would-be-Stork—Club which
also scorned us—and scorning died. . , .

THE REIURN OF RAND

TORRENS, KELLY, and RAND narrowly escaped
teaching to find themselves ﬁnally . . . teaching . .
“No hiding place” according to Gordy Rand, tough 81
fanned in his second Louie's outfit—as advertised in
Esquire. . . .

RAND, stationed at Walnut Ridge Air School, Ar-
kansas, as a basic flying instructor ("I have the fondest
hopes of lcaring to fly") flitted around State earlier
this week . . . Describes his base as the “Land of dust
and desolation"; his craft the “Vulfec Vibrator." . . .
Dropped in what to him is the Activities Office—«his
cld stamping grounds. . . _

Asked lhc traditional question grads must stiller .
His impression of State now? . . . the idealist smiled
slightly and replied, "It looks like everyone’s trying
Very hard to remember there’s a war. Every time I go
around a corner I expect to be overwhelmed by a
bunch of Jttnior Commandos."

Chuckling, 2nd Lieut. Rand donned his cap, waved
goodbye, and went in search of DV—to continue their
long-standing arguman as to the relative literary
merits of the Lion & Echo, . . .

Pvt. HAROLD BULK, math wizard of last year's
grad—abouts, now studying to bc a meteorologist, Is
in the Chanutc Field I-lospital—urccovcring frotn an
operation . . . Cpl. Tech. MIKE GROSS, here last Sun-
day, goes up for OCS any day now . . . SINGER. a
SADDLEMIRE 1ch last weekend for Northwestern...
SINGER'S departure caused all other V—7’s to Sllilkl'
in thtir wolf—tapped shoes . . Apprentice Seaman
NICK MURPHY, training at Newport, R. I., may drop
in any day now . . . has a 7—day leave . . . Cpl. BOB
JONES tries to make the illiict'ates of Camp Pickett,
Va, a little less so . . . Says some cases “are pretty
pitiful.” . . . Hopes to go to Quartermaster Oflicers
School . . . CHUCK FRANKLIN, birdmun of not so
far back, got himself a big write-up in Monday night’s
papers , . .

UUli MARGISON is Sightseeing ottt West with the
little \vtmmn—~—Eleanor Groll . . . Major THURSTON
HALL, ‘llb, was back recently for a chat. with faculty
friends . . . Is stationed in Jacksonville, Fla. . . .
FRANK HARDMEYER writes front Prison Camp
Stalag, llitlcrlttnd, that he is well and not wounded . ..
is being treated as well as can be expected. , . .

OF PRIDE AND PREJUDICI:

lt'cigcnbaum, the Kalfcnborn of SC'l', predicted the
African second front in his last Week's column . . . as
did Mrs. l‘2:.',clsfon in her l'lislory 22 classes . . . “Bookie”
Kilt-y tnatit‘ $11 on the recent races . . MAA can only
pay h'lftt) towards the hospital expenses of Terry Smth
t’r “i\‘loosc" (.i't-rbcr, botlt injured in intro—mural foot--
ball . . There will be a motion that thc ronmintlct
be paid by tho Student Association . . . falton
from llll‘ tttlltlli' surplus. . liotlt bills of“ t-xpcctorl to
lt.li'l way chr 5623!]. . .

lttit't‘lt'dlt‘llllly Council forgot to announce the
llotttui—llobin Parties (to be field lllt' day beforc
'f'lI:~tIlts,;t\'int: vacation) at the last orit-nfation lllt'l‘l‘
tug. . . .

lit‘ttmtdl behind these parties . (mo of the frat.
jlitllllt'tl to sneak in a Ton Done, a thinly disguised
fotto of dirty rushing, on this all—important dntc.
bttt um. discovered by another frat . Yesterday
noon ll'i' had still more firt-Works when they investi»
gated .t Violation, tIllt‘llHHl to have occurred last
Sunday. .

ll“(‘, tcnlizing the serious clutllt'ngt- to its vain.-
and authority . . . for it was increasingly i'\’l(l(‘lll that
all nu-ntbt-rs Wi.'l'l‘ Itof exactly dominated by a spirit of
fair play, decided to l‘llllt'l a lllttl't‘ stringent t'onsliltl-
lion . in order that future violators will be punished

. atul not given medals. . . .

We withhold all names in order to minimize the
chargi- of predjttdicc that will be llll!'lt.‘fl lItll‘lt'tl by
the ones narrowly escaping a nu-ss of their oth
making . while atttvmpling to t‘leltttll the all'air t-I
lllliitl‘ \\ltott| they ltopt- to call ‘ln'otluvt "

The Weekly Bulletin

Silt‘Hl. (‘.\l.I-I.\'lb.\ll

Nov. Ill  Kl)”. mystery

party at tho fraternity Nov to I‘ll‘tflslllllllll ()rtten-

house it'llt) 1’. M. tutfon Int-cling to (llh’l'lfh‘h
Nov. t-t Kappa llotn lth- sororities and l't'ttturnt»

urty party, Lounge, tlzittt tics, aao 1’, M.

l'. M. Nov. I7 News cut) clashes.
Nov. b- Newman (JIth Room Ill, l‘d Noon.

corporate comm u n to n Nov, 187- lt‘ot'ttm meeting in

ttnd breakfast at: the the Lounge, 3:30 P. M.

 

Vlllt'l'llllttll (.trouo. ti

Communications

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, I942

 

 

To the Editor:

A short time ago, two of the
State College intramural football
players were injured badly while
participating in two of the games,
necessitating hospital care and, in
one case, an operation. There is
one question that I would like to
ask: Where are the funds coming
from to pay the medical bills of
these two men?

Obviously, it is unfair that the
players themselves should be forced
to foot the expense, which far ex—
ceeds the amount alloted to each
student by the infirmary fund. MAA
certainly cannot afford to pay the
bills. But the fact remains that
some college agency should take
care of the matter.

A student collection might par-
tially solve the problem. Better
still, would not the student body
be willing to donate the amount
needed from its surplus of last
year? I realize that this is a
dangerous step, since it might well
be used as an argument should
similar cases arise in the future.
Naturally the budget could not
stand repeated depletions of this
kind. Therefore some form of ac-
cident insurance should be provided
in the future, and plans should be
started now to that effect.

However, there is a situation be—
fore us now which must’be met.
Scme appeal must be made to the
students of the college. In some
way, the injury expenses of these
tnen must be paid. I don‘t believe
that State College students will fail
to rise to thc emergency.

(‘tmccrnctl Observer

OWI Will Sponsor
Movies In Assembly

Student Council will present three
movies released by the Oflicc of War
Information in this morning's assem-
bly. The program was scheduled for
last week but was postponed for
Major Ditton's appearance. Instead
of the three movies originally plan—
ned Western Front, Men and the
Seas and Home on the Range Will
be shown.

A week from today the traditional
frosh-Soph rivalry debate will take
place. Stanley Abrams, Prestdcnt of
the freshman class, has announced
the question will be: “Should State
men go steady?" The frosh will an—
swer it in the affirmative while the
Sophs take over the negative side.

Sam Scott, '45, is organizing the
Soph dcbtttc team and Stanley
Abrams is the temporary fl'OSll
squad leader. Debaters for either
side have not bccn selected. The
frosb—Soph debate is traditional In
rivalry history and will count three
points. The rivalry score Is now
9-2, itt favor of the Crimson Tide.

Clubs Start Projects;
IRC To Discuss India

Departmental Clubs are continu—
ing activuies with regular mccttngs
and planned discussions. Inferna-
lional lit-Intions Club, Chemistry
(‘luh and Math Club \vcrt- among
those who llt'lfl meetings last week.

lntet'mttiotutl Relations Club has
used as the topic for its last two
IIIcctings the question of present day
India. This is in conjunction with
the l“t||‘t'l_t.:ll Policy Association nicel—
ing on November III at which two
guests will speak on ltttlfa. lt‘out'
students have been leading the dis—
cussions, each taking a different
phase of the subject. Margaret liny—
t'ht‘fl', 'ff, spoke on the economic
aspt-t-t; fin-hard 'l‘ontarslti, '-Ifi, the
political. Virginia fVlilnc, '-lfi, social,
and John Duly, 'tl-l. military.

(‘ltt-ntistt'y i‘lttb also lll'ltl a Inch-
ing this wuck at which it was deft-r-
minctl to have a page in the
f’t‘tftljltit/ltt' this year. Alice lienzal,
'lii, l’rt-sidt-ut. announces that Chem—
islry ('fub is open to all students in-
tt-rcstt-d lII (‘hetnislry 'l‘lll‘l't.‘ is a
movement under foot to make the
Club an integral part of the sched—
ule of all (‘hcmisfry majors and
minors.

Math (.‘Iuh held its regular mch-
int,l on ’I‘httrsday. It was a business
meeting at which llcrmau liltuncl
VII-l, entertained the members with
brain tcasors and math tricks. Plans
for the Christmas party were formu-
fated.

Dear Editor:

I object! Huested Hall is lighted
up like a Christmas tree; lower
Draper has lights streaming from
its windows almost every night
State College is bright against the
stars. I do not say that these are
not legitimate and worthy purposes.
I commend using Huested Hall for
defense classes. But, I do think
that opening the library evenings
for student study is just as worthy
a cause as in using school buildings
for defense classes. I do think that
it should be just as important that
students working afternoons have
an opportunity to do research work
in the evenings.

History, sociology, education, and
English courses—all these require
a minimum amount of library ref-
erence work. Students who spend
their afternoons working, whether
at the hospital, a downtown shoe
store, or at the Coop, absolutely
need an evening period at the
library to dig otti research facts
for their courses. I think it is
unnecessary that students be denied
these library privileges because of
the infrequent Albany blackouts
(one or two monthly.) The Draper
basement is adcquatc for daytime
alerts, when the whole student body
is in session. Why could it not be
utilized for evening alerts, to house
the library—goers for the twenty—
odd minutes of blackout alert‘.’

I realize the noccssiiy for black—
OULFCOI’ISCIOUSIIE‘SS. but I think we
could adapt ourselves to the situ-
ation. “Life as usual during black-
outs" is the air—wardcn's pleamlci's
make it ours!

Just a Stooge

Newman Breakfast
Slated for Sun-day

Newman Club is sponsoring a
corporate communion and breakfast
Sunday morning, at 8:00 a. m. Alter
communion at the Vinccntian I"-
stilutc Grotto, on the corner of
Ontario Street and Madison Avenue,
breakfast will be served at Joe's
Restaurant across the street on
Madison Avenue.

Harold V. 'Canavan, Parole Ofliccr
of Parole Division of Executive Dc-
partmcnt of State will be the main
speaker. Fred Ferris, last year's
president of Newman Club, now
stationed in Syracuse with the med-
ical corps connected with the air
corps, will be present to say a few
words.

Faculty guests ineludc: lVllH’s
Catherine Pcltz. Instructor in Eng,“
fish; Adam A. Walker, Professor
of Economics and Sociology? Dr.
Mary Goggin. Instructor in Latin;
Miss Agnes Ii‘uttct'cr, Assistant Pro—
fessor of English; and Miss Mac
McCarthy, Director at Newman fluff

Students who wish to attend may
sign today at the table provided in
the lower half of Draper or on lb:-
Newman Club bulletin board. Ad—
mission will he $7U

War Council

(Continued from pug/c I, t'ttfltltlll fl
mcnfs for all the college buildings
(luring blackout and air raids. This
was necessary bt't'ttttst' of tho ('lil.‘.r.i'.s
in nursing which will be lll'ltl both
ill the afternoons and lllt' t‘\'I‘lllll).:.‘.

War Council also announces the
appointment of liita llit-koy, 'rlfi, to
the Chairmanship of tho llutlio lic—
sctu'ch Committee. Shi- is |‘('|)lilt'lllj.’,
llobct‘i Bartman, 'rlll. who resigned
because he is busy with olltt't' war
work. At present this t'ItIllIItlllt't‘ is
studying the problem of ultst-ntt-otsm
Ill local industrth 'l‘lu-y \‘tlll cor»-
I'i'llilf‘ lht- informatton tln'y ttltl.tlll
Willi the findings of lln- govvrntut-nt,
tuttl nccd more help to do so

Since it Is tho start-if policy of War
Cottttcll to encouragt- low cost I'lllt‘l'~
tainmettts, Wat (‘ount-if has formu
lttlud plans for .t flit/story f'.'utt'rlttttt
ntcttt here at State l‘l\'t*t'yflllln(
about the party Is .I mystery. and
all will he rcvmtlt'd tti lllt‘ jtl'lljlt'l
moment.

War Council has clearly stated Its
policies. War Council has t'Xj)l't‘.sn.Hl
the hope that lllI' student body \‘t'tll
understand Illust‘ policies and t'tr-
operate tnuch more than it ever
has.

War Discussion

Student Christian Association has
been planning for a time to present
a panel discussion on the role of the
college student during war time.
This discussion was planned to take
place Wednesday at SCA’s general
meeting. However, due to conﬂict—
ing engagements the lounge could
not be secured, and the entire meet-
ing has been postponed.

Miss Emily Blasiar, ‘43, President
of Student. Christian Association,
said that this discussion will be
presented in the near future.

The idea for the discussion was
obtained by collaboration between
SCA and the Campus Relations
Commission of SCA in order to
find a subject of interest for both
students and faculty to debate. Since
the question of just what part the
student should play in war activities
and just how much of his t.me
.‘sllottld be devoted to such put':u.ts
is of such great importance, it was
chosen the subject for the discus-
sion.

The next general meeting of Stu-
LlL‘Ill. Christian Association its plan-
ned for December 2. Miss Blasiar
has announced that a Chinese wo-
man is being secured as a speaker
for the meeting.

 

Six Warblers Missing—
Return Earnest/y Requested

What has happened to the
canarics those six singers in
black and yellow? Once long
ago, the ’l‘ucsday—nite playgoers
fotmd their intermission filled
with music, sweet music. Since
then no one has seen hide nor
hair of the lovely sextet.

Jean McAllisfcr, '43, of Gil-
bcl’f and Sullivan fame, and Sue
Mooring, "iii, the freshman frotn
the South. carry the first so—
prano; Martha Sprcngcr, '45,
secretary of D&A, and Nora
Crutnm, 315), Sophomore report—
cr on the State College NEWS,
are thc seconds. The altos are
Pat f..atnncr, ’44, chairman of
Junior Guides, and rod—headed
Dorothy ’I‘ownscnd, '44, ever
present at WAA affairs. Al the
keyboard, sounding their A's is
Kathryn Kendall, '46.

The six warblers confine their
songs to everything from the
sublimi- t.) the ridiculous.

Three Sororities lnduct

New Members and Pledges

Kappa Delta held pledge service
last night for Katherine Smith and
Marilyn (Info, Juniors, and Ruth
flint-s, 3ft}. Miss Dorothy A. Koch,
new English instructor, has accepted
KD’s invitation to become an hon—
I rnry member.

Phi Dclt inducted Andrty Bough—
loll, Babette Davis, Janet Gould, and
ltldna Mat .b. Sophomores, and Helen
Lawton and Anne l.t.tdtlingfon,
Juniors {\Itt‘l' is'tubing and Eleanor
l.;t\\lt'tt, to. .ll't‘ two new pledges of
this '»‘.IIII‘llI\‘.

i'L..tlt«rinc Moran, Vii), has“ just
own |tl|'tli’,t‘Il bv (lamina Kappa
llltf
ILIICJE‘I To Read Al Reunion

'l'ftt' l".tfl llll't‘lllIH of llll' I‘ltlSlUl'lt
lit-ouch of the Alumni Association
will lu‘ llt'ltl In l’lt'l't‘t‘ llnll Novem-
ln-r :17 .t1 I l’. f\’l

llt‘ht‘l’thltIttl. nro lit-inn, received
from ahtnuo in lllt' capital district.
A. gut-.t ~.jcuf~:ot, f\lis~. Agnes Fut—
lt‘l't |' A‘s..t~irtltl l’l‘ltl-tttrvtll Itf English,
will l't'ill part: from "'l'ltt- White
(‘fiflhs of Dover.”

Should norttt‘fly and freshmen
witnott furl it ttct'I-ssary to travel
home ltt;.‘,t'llrt‘l' iii a privati- car for
'lll-Ifll'.\l'l\lll\', \‘1tt'1tlittll. special rc-
how If Ill rush fIllt‘n must be
‘t't'llf'l'tl from Verna Snyder, "l3.
l’rt-ntthot ot loh~r.-.orortty Council.

 

 

ll: ll .i-lJ.ll .i-l 3.3.2

 o h in ’53 Strand
too u. S.  fit-t fun
f

If

If

3mm 'lair Dressing
let i upcrt lictttdiciatts

l'ili North Pearl Street
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

Students Speak Of Commando-in?
Planned by SCA As lDo, Die for Slofe' Stuff 

 

“Nay, it was not a fantasy, last
Tuesday’s splay," philosophized an
experienced State man; "'but I can
think of a better name fcr the main
character." He grimaced, rubbed a
crippled arm, and uttered bitterly,
“Commando Course!"

We listened sympathetically and
asked the philosopher to tell us
about. his misery. A little urging, a
bribe of special rubbing liniment—
the man began to talk.

“Just an old-clothes party sans
dates, sans fraternity rushing tac-
tics,” he told us. “Calisthenics be-
gin the hour-long entertainment.
Oh, ’diving is lots of fun; ﬁrst you
hit the ground by falling forward
and cushioning the shock with your
hands, and then you hit the ground
falling backward.”

Bent and broken, Irv Swire, joined
us. “Don't forget to tell her about
the ‘old college-cheer workout," he
reminded the philosopher.

"Oh, yes!" he said, “first you
bounce on one knee, then the other,
then the first knee again. After a
while you get the urge to scream,
'Team, learn, teaml’

“Then the real work begins. Start
running, jump over a hurdle, vault

By Jane Heath-“J?—

over another, and attempt the maze
workout. The idea of the mm is
to run through a forest of stumps,
being very careful to keep where the
stumps aren’t".

“But what’s the wall for?” we
asked. “We heard that eight men
pushed Stan Abrams up to the
top and that another man pulled
him down the other side—futile
isn't it?"

The philosopher reprimanded us
with, "Futile? Why it’s all a part of
the construction of MEN! Stan’s
experience is true, but most of the
men get through the same procedure
by themselves.

“Oh, we know what comes next,"
we said enthusiastically. “Then you
come to the benches and rest."

Why did the philosopher just
stare at us then? Perhaps he even
growled; we’re sure he bared his
teeth at us before he answered,
“You're not really interested in
hearing of the Commando Course.”

Gil Snyder looked angry too when
he told us to “just believe that the
course is designed to train men to
get through trafﬁc with greater ease.
Imagine polevaulting over the cars
on Pearl Street!"

 

tlo\\'tt»fltt‘ ft'IttII tlttslllg

“sf/ct l'_’ to ‘,_’fl

T/tttlt Vin/rm 'I‘lttt‘tf Hoot

 

 

\ 1\\‘It jilt‘tt‘ tt jlt' tltt‘s‘; lit \llt'tttl‘) Rt'tl

. lltt' tltt\t‘lt\ plastit lttttltnts. . lllt'

pttttlt pot lkl'l‘t. Silcs lﬂv‘lfl

John G. Myers

YOUNG DRESSES

. . . in vivid colors

I] I-tttltllt‘tl I’: my Io kct p tip your Inoralc. Brown. green

and gold tombincd iii an aftt'tnoon dress with button-

., 7.95

You'll love the

uatstlint‘ fits to pt-tlt'ttion humor of the tttst'ttctl bell

.._._5.95

 

 

 

