         

  

r

 "a

 ,  ,. facilitated-I‘M”, I916
 5/- by the Class of 1918

Vol. XXVII ‘ Friday, October 2, 1942 , No. 3

Member Distributor

I Associated Collegiate Press Callagiatn Digm
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York state Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the student Association.
Phones: omce, 6-9373: Slavin, 2-9726; Burrows, 2-2752

IIPIIIINVID '9' NATIONAL ADVIIYIIINO IV

liailonalltitiorllsliigseniudnc.
Gallon Pol/Mm Inna-lulu

48° unison Ave. New You, N. Y.

CHICAGO - Ionol - LO! Moll." - IAI romance

The News Board

DAVID SLAVIN - - - - - EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
FLORA M. GAIPARY
R. MURIEL SCOVELL
CAROLYN BURROWS - - - -
BEVERLY PALATgKv - - -

 

- - (IO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER

 

KATHERINE COUSINS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER

PETER MARCHETTA - - - - - SPORT-J EDITOR

JANET BAXTER - . - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

BERNARD SKOLSKY - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

BETTY STENGEL - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
«@-

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations ss such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
View.

 

Actions Speak Louder . . .

The S'i'A'i‘t: COLLEGE News lteartily endorses
Finance Board's ruling concerning the student
tax refunds.

Last week the News outlined proposals to be
presented to the student body today, which
Would have mandated Finance Board to make a
thorough investigation of the tax and budget
problems. it was noted that forced refunds
resulting from a mass exodus of men from the
college in February would have played havoc
with student Association finances; and it would
be difficult to decide what authorities should
judge the programs best able to take cuts.

In. the past it was possible for anyone leaving
college before a month of the first or second
semesters had passed to receive certain refunds
from tax payments. This happened in isolated
cases, anti it was possible to juggle the budget
to compensate for the slight loss.

This year, organizations laced drastic cuts iii
funds which would have resulted iii a curtail-
ment of many activities. The budget operates
on a yearly basis, anti so it. is impossible to run
one semester with lull tax payment, and the other
with reduced revenue.

There may be a few in February who will
“squawk” about the seven dollars not forthcotii-
ing, btit they now have been given four months
notice. The Student Association, through its
financial adiniuistrators, has cxcrtetl authority
which it has every right to exert, and it has done
this with the consent of the President, of the (.‘ol-
legc. I.ct anyone challenge the legality of the
action.

lt'itiaiicc lioard is to be congratulated on its
swift and decisive move. The necessity for
legislation has been averted, anti the budget, as
set. up last May, has been saved from impending
ruiii.

Eta Bitta Pi

Yes, there's ito doubt about it. 'l'licrc it some-
tliing ill the air, that is, besides the falling leaves
and tire smoke from tlcfctisc plants. it's that
scent that causes the nostrils of the humor to
dilate and causes his heart to palpitatc :i llllit‘
more quickly- tltc scent of meat. ()uly ill the
cast: of State College the meat is fresh, on the
ltoof to speak The (thflf’llllffll of thc fiittit is iii
the blood of curb and every slllfltfill-mwllt)
belongs to a fraternity or sorority. "llttvc yoti
met, dear littlc so-ittiil-soi She is an utioiious
daiucr, but, my dear, what fingernails!" "Say,
did you set: that freshman from Malone play
toutli football?" if you haven't as yet, you will
and iii it hurry if you belong to a fraternity or
stitot‘lly.

And time isn't the only sitti'iftt't- that some will
make for the freshmen. Matty girls will satiiliic
their flgill'(fsv-(fiilflll.', with as many as three shifts
of freshman during a single day. At ll with one
at the liottl; at 11:30 with another at the Album
and at 12:30 sip a glass of water with a fourth
in the Mayflower. Yes, it's a grrttt lift-mil you
don't Weaken ----or get indigestion.

'    

STATE (outer news, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1942

 
     

Q»
a

trait

 

'JARRIN’JAWN‘

if
in

Lilli.

I"

 
    
 
 
 
  
 

2:5 TEXAS Atr‘M. Att-
:: W FULLBACK
vEAIsz=A -
ﬁle TAU cattpreaor: EDTO EARN HIS 
ERAL AS A FRESHMAN.’

 

   

IN ELEVEN DAYS .’

/ THE TRAVELING SCHEDULE FOR BRADLEY
COLLEGES BRAVES RECENTLY CALLED FOR
THEMTO PlAY BISKETBNL GAMES lN NEW WRK
AND LOSANGT LES WITHIN ELEVEN DAYS!

if worst comes to worst

WM 4%

There are thirteen million unemployed in our country. We are assured
of this by that great census taker, Adolf Schickelgruber. This was one of
the points of the speech which he delivered Wednesday. He was also Inueh
chagrined because the nations outside of his control would not admit that
all his victorious campaigns were really victories. Hc roared, “What do I
have to do to convince them that I am invincible?” He need not worry
about the answer to that question because the United Nations will never
admit nor believe that the Nazi is unbeatable.

Hitler’s speech opened the tenth German Winter Relief Campaign, In
it he promised that his armies would successfully defend all their gains
against any allied offensive. He also promised that Stalingrad would be
taken. This speech sounded as if Hitler were trying to convince himself
that everything was all right.

The Russian defenders of Stalingrad are still fighting off ﬁerce German
attacks. The Germans are in the outskirts southwest of the city, and the
ﬁght proceeds from street to street.

General MacArthur’s defenders of Port Moresby on the island of New
Guinea have rocked the Jap attackers back ten miles. Fighting through
thick jungle growth cit the Owen Stanley mountain range, American and
Australian troops have forced the Japs to retreat, thereby helping to lessen
the threat against Port. Moresby which the Nipponesc wish to use as an
invasion port against Australia. Disease and luck of supplies are helping
the United Nations" force against the .Iaps.

The British High Command had hinted that allied losses from the
recent Commando raid at Dieppc had been heavy. Prime Minister Churchill
admitted in the House of Commons that Commando losses were ﬁfty per
cent of the total attacking forces. Unexpected resistance from the fortified
blockhouscs which the Germans had placed at the ends of the streets were
responsible.

The Senate passed an anti-inflation bill unanimously. Under the
Senate’s measure the president is authorized and directed, on or before
November 1, to issue a general order stabilizing farm prices and industrial
wages and salaries on the basis of the levels of September 15. The Senate
ruled out the rise in purity which the House of Representatives had voted
in ii measure which they had passed earlier in the week.

(See upper left)

 

by Feigenbaum

 

 

 7i ",ftsl

   

. II .- 9 '
‘b o o

by ’Herb [lonelier
A lot of us are going to be awfully glad we went to

Assembly this morning.  . The program, featuring

Miss Gin-Chin Kuo,_ Chinese novelist, should prove
highly stimulating. . . .

THAT NOISE YOU HEARD WAS WAR ACTIVI—
TIES COUNCIL beaming proudly and justiﬁably upon
its brain child, Radio Research Group. Radio pro-
grams turned out by said brain child so impressed the
National Office of Civilian Defense that they requested
a copy of all scripts used, together with a detailed
description of the organization of the group. . . . This
material was mimeographed and sent all over the

 

 

USA, the organization to be used as a pattern by other ‘

cities, the scripts to be used at will. . . . It all started
when the American Library Association got permission
to distribute copies of the ﬁrst script, a tasty little
item entitled “Albany Libraries in Wartime. . . .”

FREE NEWSES FOR STATE'S SOLDIERS

This week we depart slightly from our regular
routine. Instead of featuring one or two soldiers we
are writing in behalf of many, in behalf of every
soldier to whom State College means many pleasant
memories, of friendships formed—and of a way of life
lthat was never fully appreciated until it was too
ate. . . .

Machinery is all ready to be set up whereby State
College men in the service will receive copies of the
NEWS every week, and will receive these copies free
of charge. Slavin, the “little corporal” of the Publica-
lions Office, has pledged that the News board will
furnish subscriptions gratis to any or all State army
men, the only charge being postage, and this for
obvious reasons. . . .

The STATE COLLEGE News can be mailed anywhere,
INCLUDING ARMY POSTS, for 1'/2t,' by merely fold-
ing, addressing, and stamping. Provisions for folding,
addressing and stamping have already been made . . .
all that is lacking is the UAW. . . .

WE ARE NOT ALONE

For less than 50¢,“ a year, some soldier can renew his
contact with his college. . . . Other colleges are sending
papers regularly to their fighters, and these papers are
received with enthusiasm, eagerly scanned for familiar
names, and long remembered.

Now, merely because other colleges are doing this is
no reason that State should—State can hold its own
in any league, and our particular hate has always been
people who think they are being martyred by attend-
ing, while in reality they would be just as prominent
obscurities anywhere else—but enough of this. . . .

The system used by other colleges to get revenue to
cover mailing costs is unknown and unimportant, but
the fact that the soldiers really look forward to getting
their papers is important, and should be adequate
stimulus for the proposed venture.

2 PLANS FOR RAISING MONEY

Those who have set. up the machinery for this ven-
ture plan on raising the necessary money by voluntary
contributions of 2 natures. In the first method, stu-
dents will donate postage money for a year, and indi-
cate to whom they wish the paper sent. By the second
way, individual contributions will be made into it gen-
eral fund, and the paper will be sent to all service men,
starting with those of the class of ’45, and working
back as long as the money holds out. . . .

It is probable that the second method would be fol-
lowed much more extensively than the first, for a lift,"
contribution by each student Would be sufficient to
make the program a success. . . .

in all probability the appeal for contributions will l)(.‘
made in the very near, if not immediate future. The
program is worthwhile, but. inexpensive, a rare coin-
bination. . . . We don't know who deserves the credit
for starting this campaign, but we do think find those
who have set up the machinery for its efficient opera-
tion deserve the full backing of the War Activities
Council, as well its the active support of every member
of the Student body. ()Iily thus can it succeed.

 

"Wilbur t"

Communications

Dear Mr. Editor:

I love to receive notes. l-Iurryiug
to the mailboxes between classes
is ottc of the most important of my
daily activities. But, dciir editor,
just about every day I have to use
my finger—null lips to pick out
notes flint. are about one-huff inch
by two instead of the required three
by live. And while l'm doing it I
wonder where ill l)li|7.US is Campus
Comiiiission'.’

Yesterday its i was scrambling
through Ii bunch of lcgitiintitcly
sized mull, l dropped otic of these
pctilt- pieces of tumor iuid iti stoop-
lng to pick it up, was accidentally
booted from behind. (Or was if
uecitlcttlul'.’) [it trying to recover
my balance, 1 grabbed it llUlli'lJy
pair of sturdy pair of logs utid
uliuost started a riot in the lower
half of Draper.

Now, after all, l mu u respectable
girl, merely living the usual college
life. Ciii'upus Commission, l appeal
to you. Your duty is plainly murk-
cd. I am looking forward to finding
It neat. stock of healthy-sized notes
in my mail box from now on.

I. M. Embarrassed.

 

'l'o flit: Editor:

1 would like to congrulululc
those in charge of this year's tis-
sembly programs. The ones that
have ttli'cutly been presented hith
been by far the most interesting
l have heard in my 2 yours of tit-
tcndtmce of. State College. Anti
frotii what I hear, another very
good program is being planned for
this morning's assembly.

To those lil charge of the us-
scmlily programs 1 would like to
suyw keep up the good work. if
you do I promise you iliitt students
will no longer tlroud flue approach
of 11:10 on l“l'iilily mornings tutti
instead will look forward to them
with enthusiasm.

'l'liough i rather dislike spoiling
the tenor of this letter, i also have
ll criticism, this time advorsc, of
the assembly program. And that
its the way in which the Alma Mater
is being sung. It drugs, to state
the matter simply. It is not it dli'gc
that We are singing, but a song in
praise of our Alma Mater. Come
on, Dlugmim, speed it up.

One in the audience

The Weekly Bulletin

H'l'l'lll-iN'l‘ TAX
Students who have not.
[)llld tho Student. 'I‘ux of
$14 are requested to Mon
one of the following for
payment: Robert. flurtmitti,
Vui'iio Miti'nltttll, lion ltoctl,
Mr. (loorgc M. York. Mr.
Edward Cooper.
I'l'ili.\(i(llll'li
Upptit'oliismneii and se-
llltll'ri who wish to how,
their pftttatruii iii the [trill
l’cdtigogtio must. sign tip
on tho schedule posted fit
lowor litill Draper. T'lcttii'oti
will he titltoii dolly Iii. titti—
niitiittc tutorvuls botwwiii It
and lit in the morning ttlltl
l itiid ‘1 l'. M. Mon should
Wear dark stilts, wtitto
shirts, and that; women,
\vlifto opoti—iicck blotuwn.
I’ltl'iNl‘ll l‘l.l'll
This first. mootlug of tho
lt'roiich (ilill) will be bold
’l'uusdny at 3:30 1’. M. lit
the Lounge. [refreshments
will be ourVod.
ltttliolmiiy 'l'oalut'. Pros.
I 1
Any lllllwl'clllfiillllull who
are interested in t‘ttl’tu'oolng
intramural football games
should sue Arthur lt‘lttx or
Charles Uapel.

NIGWH

Cub cliisiios for freshmen
wtll bogtn ’l‘uoiidiiy itoon In
Room Ill, Dl'lt|)Ui' llttll. All
freshmen littorostcd should
ttttoiid.

Htlt'ul. (‘.\I.l-J.\'llt\lt
(Jet. 12 Sorority Open

House for freshmen, '7 to

it) 1’. M. at Pitt (tituinttt,

Chi Sigiitu 'l‘htit.ii, liutii

Zola. and (lithium Kitppu

l'lil.

(let. it Activities l)Ity.
High—up t) to 12 A. M, lit
the (luminous, lhtticftiu,
Ltll ft 1'. M. liotiflt'o ll
1‘. M. hottvoou tho dorms.

(Jot. 1) Movie provlows by
Audio-Virtual litilucutton
Dopttrtiiioiit, fizttti l'. M tit
itooin flit). Mllllii.

not. It Htuiloiit (lllltltt ‘l‘t-u
i'or freshman and iiit~
visors, -i l'. M iii lllt'
Commons.

Out. ti  ll'l‘UHlllIlllll rub
classes at 12 noon in
Room 111.

Oct. fi“~l“l'Uilﬂll Ulitb meet.-
tnir. Lounge ttztltt l'. M.
Oct, ’Iv—reli'rosh ()bttpol, Unt-
tiu'tun ()lturcli. taztttt

l‘. M-

 = -Milne Teachers .
, invited to Attend

MOvie Previews
Henrickson New Director

Of Audio-Visual Aids

People of Mexico is the first of a
series of sound motion pictures being
presented by the Audio-Visual
Education Department in an attempt
to acquaint student teachers and
members of the staff with the recent
progress made in the ﬁeld of educa-
tional motion pictures. Dr. F
Henrickson is now Director of
Audio-Visual Education, replacing
Dr. William H. Hartley.

Audio-Visual Plans

Teachers now entertain their
classes with technicolor sound ﬁlms
of sleepy Mexican towns, of inspired
symphonic directors, of jttmpy heart
beats, and of the latest developments
in their particular ﬁeld, instead of
with the greyish-biack, blurry slides
of landscapes and such which were
common bores a few years back.
Within the past few years educa-
tional film making has progressed to
the point where these filtns are
technical achievements, and succeed
in keeping the teacher as well as ilic
student interested in what is flick—
ering across the screen. Films are
available in several fields, English,
Spanish, history, biology, physics,
geography, and music among them.
At present, Dr. Hci‘irickson has ar-
ranged fot‘ a schedule of motion pic-
tures three afternoons a week in
Room 130, Milne High School. Spe-
ciul showings may be arranged for
by calling at the Audio-Visual Aids
Office, Rooin 121, Milne. In this
way, teachers will have an oppor-
tunity to view what films are avail-
able, and to learn of the new addi—
tions to the “movie-library." Un—
dergraduates who are interesch are
also invited to attend these movie
previews.

Films Scheduled Monday

The first of these movie previews
will be shown Monday afternoon at
3:35 in Room 130, Milne. ’l‘hrcc
ﬁlms, each of one reel, with sound,
and each having a running time of
eleven minutes, are scheduled for
Monday. The first of these films is
entitled People of Mexico and fea—
tures uti intimate portrayal of life
on the Mexican liaeicudu. The film
delves iitto the history of Mexico and
reveals the influence of the ancient
Alice and Spanish cultures on tho
Mcxico of today.

The second of the films on Moti—
day deals with Oxidation utttl lic-
ditction, and illustrates the processes
of scientific thought how in use. The
film develops the oxygen theory of
combustion with experiments oil the
burning of phosphorus and it'll“.

Closing Monday’s entertainment.
program will be a film on Heredity
which treats, lll it simple, easy—to—
undcrstut'id mutincr, genetics us the
fundamental basis of herdity. Ani—
tiiaicti, Disney—style genes prance

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1942

Jillerbpgs Reign in; Comoppiiitiiliilit    '

As 4-1 Ratio is Obvious

The Commons, in all its smoky
splendor, opened its door wide to
welcome all State students Tues-
day noon, after having been
closed for two weeks for the pur-
pose of reﬁnishing the ﬂoors of
the lower hall of Draper.

Gil Snyder, ’44, capitalizing on
the 4—1 ratio that now exists at
State, was seen putting Pauline
Pasternak and Trudy Meltzer
through the jiticcrbug paces at the
same time.

The usual number of unattached
men held sway frotn the balcony
and the “vie,” as usual, proved
to be it “tower of strength" for
those fellows who couldn't ﬁnd a
better place to lean. Is it that there
is not enough woman-power to
comply with the needs of these
sings? Ridiculousl

 

Frosh Tea to Close
Student Guide Program

The Student Guide program will
draw officially to it close when fresh—
men and advisers meet on a formal
basis for a social tea Monday at 4
P. M. in the recently reopened Corn-
mons. A special invitation was ex—
tended to Dr. Milton G. Nelson, Dean
tended to Dr. Milton G. Nelson,
Dean, who will as as unofficial host.

Pat Lotimci', co—chairman of the
Student guide system, said "We
have certainly enjoyed showing '46
around. Even though our active du—
ties are drawing to a close, we’d
like to have the freshmen feel that
they can come to us at any time.”
Alan Stone, the other half, echoed
Miss Lutinior's sentiments.

‘ To Share Office
SCA Will Sponsor
Frosh Chapel Program

Emily Blasiar, ’43, President of
Student Association, released the in—
formation that the small office off
the Commons, formerly the SCA
office, will now be the headquarters
for all the religious organizations in
school, Hillel, Newman Club, and
SCA. The office will open Wednes-
day and it is hoped that all students
will make use of the ofﬁce if they
need any information.

Miss Blasiar announced that
Frosh Chapel will be held Wednes-
day at the Unitarian Church. The
program will begin at 12:05 P. M.
and will last twenty-ﬁve minutes.
There will be special organ music
and the S.C.A. Chorus will sing
under the direction of Helen Elgin,
’44. Eunice Baird and Robert
Combs, Juniors, will speak and lead
the meeting. All freshmen are
asked to come and also any upper-
classmcn who are interested.

Grads Represented in WAAC

The class of ’26 has furnished
two recruits to the WAAC. Ruby
E. Herman, a member of Alpha
Epsilon Phi was the eighth in a class
of 117 WAAC’s and has been com-
missioned a 2nd Lieutenant. Her
classt‘nufc, Miss Agnes Hoffman, for-
mer teacher of Public School 16, Al-
bany, was the first teacher in this
district to join the ranks.

 

across the screen illustrating the
processes of mitosis and meiosis—the
various methods of cell reproduc—
tion. Genotypes and phenotypes are
also explained and illustrated in this
film. Guinea pigs and big and little
cows are introduced to explain
dominance and one—unit characters.

Science films dominate Tuesday’s
program, which is scheduled for 3:35
ill Room 130, Milne. The Heart and
Circulation. is the title of the first
film which deals, quite naturally,
with the heart, and blood circula-
tion. The thump, thump of an tim—
plified heart beat accompanies Ini-
croscopic scenes of capillary action.
Animated corpuslcs show the pro-
cesses of heart action in natural
photograph. The ups and downs of
blood pressure and its relation to
ptiblic hcitlih occupy another portion
of this flltn. Your Nerves and Milli!
form the basis for the second film
on 'l‘ticsduy, entitled The Nervous
System. Little nerve impulses, rc—
flcxcs, and activity of tlic ccrcbrtiiu,
are portrayed against the l)l|i.'l(~
ground of the structuri- of the nor—
vous system.

Muslicutiott, swallowing, sfotiutch
contractions, and intestinal peris-
tulsis ui'c featured in the finul film
on Tuesday. The production of the
various gland secretion, gusti'ic acid,

Rockwell Kent Speaks on Altitude

pepsin, pancreatic juice and their
action and reaction on the various

food substances are vividly illus—
trated in this film.

On Thursday, at 3:35 in Room 130,
Milne, the Audio-Visual Aids Office
will conclude its first week’s pre—
sentations with three more films.
The first film deals with the brass
choir of the full symphonic orches—
tra, and with the tone qualities,
construction and techniques of play-
ing each instrument in the choir.
The French horn, cornct, tuba,
sousaphonc are all dedicted in solo
passage, with the full orchestra
climuxiug the program with Beet-
hoven’s Fifth Symphony. Mendels-
sohn's Midsummer Night’s Drctittt,
Nocturne, and the finale of Wagner's

'I‘ttithttuscr Overture.

The two filial films on Thursday
(.lt'ill with Electrons and Electro—
dynamics respectively. Photographs
of trails of rapidly moving electric
charges, of the work of the vacuum
coil in the shorthch atid television
set, and of l.l1i' various uses of tho
pliolooloclric coll iii operating git—
riigc doors, traffic lights and such,
are among the subjects fronted by
those films. There are also pictures
showing the iiiiimutcd fields around
it magnet, arid the workings of an

electric dynamo.

Toward War

 

By Simon Cooper

 

ltocchll Kohl, untlior arid artist,
speaking if] (Iluutci-llors llulll lust
ii‘l'ldfly t'\’t'llllli.{ on behalf of fitt-
Russiutt Will' Relief, revealed to
Attioi'icti the i't-ullly of fill' second
World Witt".

He spoke of the poiiplc of the
United Slitch and the iiiiiiu-(liulc jolt
they hich tilicitd of them in “10
Vlillilllf light for democracy. ill?
said, “We go to the polls on cit-c-
tioti titty illltl think We liii\tt~_tloiic
otli‘ titity. If we push u lot of lItll-~
tons, we tliitik wr- ill'i' going to got
life, liberty, utitl llto pursuit of lliili-
pinosti." lretl to it t'i‘l'lillll-i‘xlt‘llf,
Kent. tlicn uddod that the llitlt‘ hut.
llllfitillllit‘illy l‘tllllt‘. for lite i'l,'t‘|ll[.ilvllttll
oti cvei'yoiic's purl that there In ‘it
great deal more to fulfilling out-s
ditty llh’ tut Aiiit-ricuii I‘lil/A'll lililll
just voting out-o it your.

Ilt- flu-it Wt'ill on to point ottl tho
gttlllliilily of lllt' Atiioricuit people,
illustrative iti such sloi'iI-s at. tho
purging and killing of fill llutl army
lenders which too runny pooplo
foolishly believed. ()r tho rtltuot'
which was tiff-too 'rcudily swallowed
of Russian leadership in llto hands
of the worklugtnen. Tho iiuwcurnoy
and falsity of this propaganda is
conceded when We are tlow ablo to

 

t'um/rir l'fll/t'l (Tun/Ii

ROCKWELL KENT

witness it militui'y leadership (U.S.S.
R.) that surpusscs itin other coun-
try.

His next theme was tolerance of
other people's ideas and wuys of
life. He asked that we overcome
our ifurrow-inititlcdncss. Question-
ing, “Whirl is the American wuy'l”,
he also utiswm'cd, “The quickest
puthwuys to lilo, liberty, Iiiid the
pursuit of luippinoss.' l'lis pliiii was
tliut We must win the Will' to tnukc
good these promises; We must. be
honest hi convictions mid expres-
sions. and most of all be t‘lll‘t‘flll of
people who ill't‘ so disti'ttstf'ttl of our
illili'h‘.

ill good old Aiiioi'lt'uti style, lit.-
t't‘lltli‘fi tlic fiiilli of the people in his
hoticsl conviction of dcutoct'ncy’s
survival and fiiiiil Vlt‘fot'y. Awui'c of
the heavy bouibut'diiiciit lll Stalin—
:rud, he held tip lho singing of tho
wounded soldiers us it lesson lo tin
ill courage, confidence, and morale.

Willi l‘llitltll'iCill imigniflcoiicc,
liockwoll licnl concludotl--~-"lt is
with pride lltitl i say that the Aguirr—
icuii mou urc itiuuliug the situation.
They are courageously following the
road of humanity, the only road to
life, liberty and the pursuit of liup~
pititess."

     
   

   
  
    
   
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 

  

 

 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
 

Seated, left to right, Vladimir Pelicliniscv, Monica Owen of the Interna-
iional Student Service, Peter Cochrane; standing, Konstantine Vololihov,
Ming-'l‘ai Lcc, Radon Abdulkadir, pictured during their stay at Sayles

"all. (See articles below for details.)

 

Representatives of United Nations Cause
Relate War Experiences to State Students

Something of an informal cnicr-
tainment was offered to residents of
the boys’ and girls' dorms by the
four gentlemen pictured above as
they told of their personal impres—
sions of the war, various experiences
encountered in their travels, and
one member of the troup gave cos—
tumed—dances of his native country.

Ming—Tat Lee, the handsome,
well-dressed representative of China
who tripped the light fantastic with
a large number of Pierce Hail girls,
told inquisitch listeners of how
the Japanese bombed the airport
at half mile from his schoolhouse
with elocklikc precision. He said,
“Every morning at exactly nine
o’clock, their big bombers roared
over and let go their destruction.”
Mr. Lee related that in his country
all people with only the essentials
of education were deferred so that
they might act as intermediaries
between the government and un-
educated population. '

Rudcn Abdulkadir, who was a
member of the Destroyer Squadron,

Marines, Netherlands East Indies
Navy, entertained at Pierce's open
house with dances of Java, attired
in highly-colored costumes. He
had brought with him recordings of
the chants sung by the Javanese,
and his whole act was done in an
atmosphere of mysteriousness and
solemnity. ‘

Captain Peter Cochrane of the
Cameron Highlanders, a graduate
of Oxford University, had definite
opinions on post-war England. "In-
flation," he said, “Is very improbable.
All finances are so well controlled
by the government that when we
will not be necessary." The cap-
havc won this war, readjustment
inin also proved his sociability by
dancing with many of the girls.

Vladimir Pelicliniscv proved. the
most popular of the quartet. Al-
was somewhat limited, he did make
though conversation with students
it known that he liked the girls,
wanted it copy of the-Star Spangled
Banner, and wanted to drink beer
with the boys.

 

Meet Vladimir

 

How far away is Soviet Russia?
Ten thousand miles, five thousand
miles? No, it's only the distance of
one chair from another at a table,
only its for as a voice iii ordinary
conversational level can be heard.
At least flint is the conclusion that
you, as one of the fortunate students
who attended the informal lunch
given for the speakers of last li‘i'i~
duy's assembly, were forced to
reach. l"ot' iti sonic mysterious way,
the blond good-looking Russqu
licuietiunt of the uiiprotiouuccnblo
numc epitomized till the strength,
humor, and high idealism of the in—
domitable Russians.

Vladimir Pciiclintscv went. to col—
lege, as you do now. He Wits one of
the best students in the Intitufe of
Mining. ffo left college in his Ju—
nior your to join the lll‘llly because
his country was invaded. lie bet-time
out- of the four best snipers iii the
siege of Leningrad, mid, therefore,
one of the great heroes of this
global war. Not (but he is It machine
for murder. He's like any t)fll('i‘ boy
who sits next to you in class, or
takes you out on Saturday night
(What um i suyiug'H. Vladimir
likes lo (llllll‘i.', he sings quitt- well,
llt‘ enjoys it hit of loosing, iii fut-l
quilt- it hit of if. He hits no notice—
ubic aversion to tho (‘tllllltilllitlllﬁlllll
of tho opposllo sex.

As you wulltctl tip the broad
i‘ifttlo strut-t hill, laughing and jok—
ing, and very proud of living soon
l)I‘h‘l(lt‘ illt‘ uniform of llio lltll'tlll'
Soviet Army, you stoppod luttgh~
itig suddenly. 'l‘liore wore no
shell—t. icks iii the strut-ts, no rulucil
buildings, only a few men iti utii—
fortit, itiitl you find cult-ti ll wolf~
cookcil meal in it good resttittruul.
timotig euro—free sttttlotits. 'l‘ltougli
your own country was it! war, in
itttollior scuso if was iiol. 'i‘luv bol—
llo—l'ronts were for ttwuy. incon—
ueivubly fur away. And of those
baffle-fronts was surely Leningrad,
which Vladimir lItid rcluctutitly left
to come to America.

 

By Ronn Ryan

 

The college and Albany, you re-
flected, must have seemed strange
to one who had been a recognized
hero of a battle which is already
lcgcndtii-ywthe scigc of Leningrad.
And yet, he did not seem to feel
otit of place; he was almost de-
fiantly at case. The Russia ltc knew
before the war must have been much
like the life you know now. In
Russia thou, Vladimir find been just.
another John Smith or Joe Brown.
The crucible of war bud transformed
liiiti info It grout soldier.

The same transformation will oc-
cur with iutiny of the boys you know,
who resembles V l u d i m i r so
greatly.

 

OTTO R. MENDE
":flTr (fol/ego_/t'it'r/i‘r"

ltl.l('.ciiti".tl .\\'t'.. Albany. N. Y.

 

 

Save at

SPECTOR'S

133 CENTRAL AVE.

Rochester Tailored

Suits, Top Coats

Sport Coats, Slacks
Sweaters, Shirts, Ties

 

 

Open Evenings

 

 

 

 

  

    
 
    
   
    
       

    
    

   
 
   
 

l
l
l
l
i
i

rm... Mn, 4... y

 

