 

Established May, l9l6'
 by the Class. of l9l8'_

I Vol. xxvn. Friday, October 30, 1942 No. 7

,. ’ . Member ‘ ‘ Distributor
‘A‘ssociated Collegiate Press Collegiate mm:

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York state Col-
legs for Teachers published evary Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones:.0ﬂlce, 5-9373; Slavin, 2-9726: Burrows, 2-2752

RIPIIIIN‘I'RD FOR NATIONAL ADVII‘I’IIING IV

llailonalltlvertisingSmiee,ltIc.
Callus hum Runutmmve'

420 MADIeON Ave. New Your. N. Y.

CHICAGO I Iolfol - Lol AIOILII - Ill FIIICIICO

The News Board

DAVID BLAVIN - - - -
FLORA M. GASPARY }
R. MURlEL SCOVELL
CAROLYN BURROWS -
BEVERLY PALATSKY

 

IDITOR-tN-OHIEF
- - co-MANAGINO EDITORS

austNEss MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
KATHERINE COUSINS CIRCULATION MANAGER
PETER MARCHETTA - - SPORTS EDITOR
JANET BAXTER - - AssoctATE EDITOR
BERNARD SKOLSKY - AesocIATI EDITOR
BETTY STENGEL - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

 

Ail communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
view.

Let 'em Eat Cake . . . .

For many years the Annex sandwiches have

been under ﬁre. This week tnattcrs came to a
-head. Student Opinion called for an investiga-

tion. Acting with speed and resolution, Dr.
John M. Sayles, President of the College, an-
nounced that lie would appoint a joint student.-
faculty committee to review the state of the sand-
wiches which are at this time being served in the
Annex of the college cafeteria.

The chief fattlt. that the slttcleut body finds in
the present sandwiches is that they do not cott-
tain sttflicient filling to make for a full—bodied,
attractive looking sandwich. The filling and
material ttsecl in their concoction is skitntpy, the
bread sometimes unft‘esh, the meats scanty, the
lettuce wilted. Though the ntttritive value Of
the olecmiargarine which is used instead of but-
ter is the same it is applied to the bread in such
a manner that it is concentrated in one ltttnp in
the middle, inst -ad of being spread evenly
throughout the slice. Dr. Caroline ()roasdale,
Professor and Head of the Department of Hy-
giene, in an interview granted to the Ntcws,
stated that. sandwiches purchased iii the annex
on Wednesday, October 28 and shown to her,
were certainly pretty unattractive to the appetite.
She expessed the hope that. something he done
to remedy the situation. .

'l'he suclcnt body has no other wish than that.
Miss Laura 'l‘hompson, the manager of the talc"
terizt, receive a fair and just profit for the invest-
ments which site makes. lt realizes only too well
that the war is playing havoc with food prices
and that the cost. of nearly everything has gone
up. it know», though, that good sandwiches are
being made elsewhere itt Albany for identical or
slightly higher prices. It would not tnind paying
two or three cents extra for a sandwich which
would be a pleasure to look at aItd to eat. lior
most of those who eat here in the college, Milne
High School included, a sandwich and milk plus
some dessert constitutes the noon-day meal. l"c)t'
growing boys anti girls, and for college students,
working under the strain of war, this type of
meal is the minimttm amount of nourislnneut
needed to provide the necessary calories and
vitamins. An increase iii the amount and better
planned combinations of food used in the sand-
wiches u'ould furnish that much more needed
nourishment.

in the foregoing the Ntatvs has presented to the
committee what it believes is the true current
opinion of lllt.‘ student body. liven this may
contain inaccuracies; and there may be unknown
lttcts hating a beating itt the matter. 'l'he (our
ittltic't: must lil\L‘\llgiil(‘ all aspects of the matter,
and come to a com lusion agreeable to all parties
concerned.

Last year Myskania and faculty members
oi‘gttttlzccl a coIItiIIiltc'c' to investigate this same
il‘Ul)l(.‘lll~—lllt.’ justification of the Annex prices.
l\’otlilttg‘ tangible was ttc'c'om )lishecl. Let us
hopco that this yc-ar the rotumtttce will make a
thorough enough investigation to settle forever
the pressing problem of the case oi the Annex
vs. State College students.

 

,,  COLLEG’tItntws, 'l’RlDAY, OCTOBER 30,1942 ’

' BUCKSHOT -

THE SENIOR WALK AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSA?
HA9 me NAMES or ALL GRAD-
UATES (OVER 4000) ENGRAVED
ON tT .’

 

O 0 A
Is THE 50cc
DIRECTOR
COLLEGE /

A BUTLER IN THE LAMBDA
. cm HOUSE AT ALABAMA
HAS‘ NAMED THREE OF HIS‘
. OFFSPRING LAMBDA, CHI
AND ALPHA .1

 

A. D. Carries On

 

by Ellen Swarthout

Featured by excellent lighting and
dotted with outstanding individual
performances, Advance Dramatics’
second evening Of plays turned out
to be more than creditable enter-
tainment last Tuesday night.

The expressionistic drama direct-
ed by Eunice Baird easily took the
front as the best play to be seen
thus far this year on the Page Hall
stage in spite Of an unfortunate
error in the handling of lines. We
are indebted to Miss Baird for a
play that in its staging was suc-
cessful in acting, in costume, and in
audience appeal. Its main fault
lay in that the dialogue was not
as swift as it might have been.

This drama Of emotional conflicts
between two sophisticated women
and their inner selves was performed
before a background of drapes in-
stead of the conventional set. Added
depth resulted from this device, and
the illusion of reality to the audi-
ence was heightened by the appar—
ent lack of stage urtifiees.

Evident care was shown in the
choice of costumes and the very
colors used were selected for their
effect in adding to the character
portrayals.

Ordinarily motion is indispensable
to hold the attention Of an audience,
but in this play, although the two
principal characters employed but
little movement, the actions Of their

“inner selves” were completely ad-
equate.

It is itnposible to pick any one
out for particular commendation.
Betty lVIarston, Marjorie Breunig,
Marian Sovik, and Martha Joyce
shared acting honors, all showing
unusual competence.

The first play, the other presen—
tation of the evening, was not on
the same level of excellence. An
unexpected difficulty was encount—
ered two days before its staging
when one Of the main characters,
Art Collins, was taken ill and sent
home. Bob Loueks, who turned in
an adequate role, was drafted to
fill the spot, and forced to perform
with only two days Of rehearsal.

Outstanding in the play were the
facial expressions of Lucille Kenny,
a newcomer to State College pro-
ductions. Her sensitive face was
unusually effective in portraying an
emotionally driven young woman.

Equally meritorious of mention
were the lighting effects, handled by
Shirley Mills. Particularly good was
the tnoonlit doorway.

In passing, a word should be
said about the entertainment Offered
between the plays. The best that
can be said of it is that in quality
it was somewhat uneven. A sug-
gestion for future performances
might be made: the intermission
entertainment should either be good,
or it should be dispensed with.

 

Wm 7mm

by Baskin

 

(III the absence of Harold Feigen—
baum, regular war columnist for
the STATE COLLEGE News, Gordon
Baskin writes War Fronts this
week.)

Stalin's only ally that has con—
tributed appreciably to the Russian
military effort, King Winter, has
returned to the Stalingrad front,
and although his snowfall has been
slight, it cottch not have come at ll
more opportune time. On Thurs—
day, Moscow acknowledged a 200-
yttrd advance of German troops in
Northern Stalingrad, but reported
that ani losses in the city for
one dtty were approximately 2400
men. But into its already relatively
deep driven wedge, the Germtm
cotntnaticlet‘s continue to pour in its
fresh but dwindling reserves. Only
tt few hundred yards of l‘iussinn
"blood and iron” stand in the way
of the keeping of Selticklegrubet":s
promise to the German people to
reach the Volga this year.

In an effort to divert Russian
strength from the North, the German
attack in the Caucasus has shifted
momentarily to Nttlchik, fifty miles
southwost of the Mozdok area, after
heavy attacks in the latter sector
had failed. Not enough snow (even
in the midst of winter) falls in the
Caucasus area to annoy the Nazis
hordes as it did in the Moscow cam-

pttign. But lrechcrous black mud
in it section where there are few
setnblances of paved roads may
deter the invader until a tangible
amount of aid etm be brought to
this important “oil” front. It must
be remembered that Schicklcgru—
ber's most important immediate
prizc- lies at Baku.

Twenty years ago yesterday, the
lt‘ttscisl regime in Italy entered the
world’s political chaos. Celebration
of it was sornl)et'»~-it was the first
time that Mussolini did not make
it speech commemorating its tinni—
verstn'y. But at this time it would
appear unwise to praise something
that is no longer itt existence! Ever
increasing liritish raids on Northern
ltaly east numerous shadows over
the event. The African drivo, KAI“
raids, and Attorney~(icnerttl Bid-
dlc’s statement that Italians living
in the United States of old country
birth Would no longer be regarded
as enemy aliens, may be a prelude
to a second from in Europe‘s "land
down under."

A major tank engagement in lite
battle for Suez in which German
armoured units, attempted to re—
take the previously htn'd won gains
made by the British in a slow in-
fantry advance, was completely
thwarted.

SW:

The War and its
Hope for the World



Andrew Tsices‘ “‘“M

Ed. note: The writer of this column was an associate
editor of the NEWS until he left for the University of
Michigan last January. He is now back in Albany
awaiting momentary induction into the Army.

There is a peculiar satisfaction to be derived from
knowing that we and our generation are the makers
Of history. We have taken many a course in our
fifteen years of education, and we have studied, even
if superﬁcially, the major crises of the world. And
now we recognize another such crisis. And in it
we ﬁnd ourselves playing a part.

There are times when we, considering the state
of the world, reflect that in ages to come future
historians will be able to say that this century was
bungled as badly as ever before in the history of man.
“If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing well,”—
and, likewise, if men must arrange their collective
life so that they must live unhappily, then it is surely
worthwhile for them to draw from life the last fttll
measure of sorrow.

This disturbed us not. We did not know the first
war. We did not know the depression. Children
need not worry about such affairs—«they are the
business of men and women. But we were growing to
be men and women and now today we have on our
shoulders the burden Of the world.

The second World War burst on Europe just as
we came to college. That mattered not to us. It was
not our problem; it belonged to the Old World.

United States Enters the War

Time went on, and the course of events began to
draw the United States into the conflict that by now
had become global and all-embracing in its scope.
First. imperceptibly, then faster and faster, we drifted
toward the vortex of world destruction. The United
States began preparations toward entrance into the
war. And then the first uneasiness appeared.

_For we had now grown. We were well into the age
of independent, directed action. Many of us had
planned long and carefully to come to college. Many
of its were planning beyond that. All of us were
in the position where we might look to the future,
where we might decide about our post-college careers,
where we might consider marriage.

Growing resentment accompanied a growing
realization that the plans Of none Of us would be
immune. We are essentially egotistic creatures and
it rankled us to think that we would have to forgo
our plans, and postpone our futures. It rankled us
to think that the actions of the European totalitarians
would dictate what we were to do.

The Most Elemental Drive

There was another reason for the resentment.
The drum-thumpers and the flag-wavers were hard
at work trying to make us forget it; the politicians
spoke the time—worn phrases; and public opiniott
the opinion spoken in public—~tvas marshalled against
it. Still deep in our hearts nearly every one of ll‘.
was afraid of dying. It was not for nothing that tht-
psychologists had told us that the primary drive was
that of self preservation. We all felt keenly the desire
to live, to avoid the dangers Of war. Aloud we said
together, “Dulce et. clecortt'nt est. pro putrth "tort,"
and to himsqu each whispered he wanted to livo.

But. the tides of patriotism are inexorable in their
rise, and the changes in attitude that. are frcnn day to
day imperceptible mount each upon until they come
to represent an opinion vastly different from one con-
cerned primarily with self-preservation—an opinion
that ignores the individttttl for the common good
Emotiomtlism supplants rationalism. Each day mort-
and more of ottr friends and comrades left to join
the fighting forces. Each day we heard an ilit'i‘t'ttnlittﬁ
number of appeals to aid in the national effort. Ami.
most important of all, each day we came to realize
more fttlly the national peril and with the li'itfi‘UiIHlliil,
realization came an increasing willingness to servo
a willingness that in its turn became an eagerness.

We are the cltildren of war and of human despera—
lion. Today we are in the midst of ti World that is
rife with suffering, brutality, ttttd bloodshed.
lhe Lessons of History

History tells us that wars breed wars. We :iL't' ill
the texts that the nature of men nevor changes. All
the indiec's of the past point to the credo that ltt.‘it(.‘c'
and its concomitant blessings ttre but delusions for the
ct'edttlous. The pages of the past are black with the
strife of nations and the blooclletting of countless
generations of men. I

And still today we go into this new strife, this llt'\\'
ndvoniurc with an uncluc-nelmhle faith in the ability
of nttut to better himself III spite of the wish of each
of us to live, in spite of the reluctance of each of In. to
devote himself toward the settling of the (llltti'i'l'lh of
another ltuiitispltt-t'o in spite of these things we H“
gladly. We go willt the belief that out of this uninc-
lysm will rise a new World. We go Willi the hope that
this war will be lhc last. We go Willi the conviction
that ii is possible to establish just government ovt‘l
free men. We go, for We feel that out of the chaos,
the tyranny and the destruction, out of the blind
struggle of humanity a better world is in rise. WU
go with it fierce pride, for we feel that our part is thy
one that destiny has marked as her own. And we go
with something akin to happiness-7o happiness ett~
gendered of our belief that this is the last great
struggle before men shall eotne into their own and
peace reign on the earth.

STATE COLLEGE news, FRIDAY, OCTOBER act, 1949

’46 Talces initiative in Rivalry
BulL SOphs Reloliole VigorOJsly

by Edna Marsh

Peace and tranquillity reigned in
Pierce, for who was to warn the

unsuspecting Sophs that the wicked
frosh were plotting dastardly deeds?
From behind closed doors ’46
watched eagerly for their ﬁrst vic-
tim. Down the hall came Mary
Now, aimlessly wandering from door
to door. Suddenly she was attacked
from behind. Before poor Mary
could give the traditional cry of
“Sophomores” she was in the show-
ers and freshmen were guarding the
door lest any wayward sister should
take it upon herself to render aid.

This unprecedented attack by the
spirited but fOOlhardy freshmen did
not daunt the Sophs and a council of
war was called. Above the general
confusion could be heard “Where’s
Sattdy'f", for ’45 remembered Sandy's
mighty right arm which had made
mincemeai out Of many a hapless
Sophomore in the previous rivalry.
In ﬁfteen minutes the plan Of
strategy was formulated and the
Sophomores and freshmen were en—
gaged in one of the most ﬁercely
fought battles ever remembered in
rivalry history. The Sophomores
literally wiped the floor with the
freshmen and more baths were given
on both sides than either class had
ever voluntarily taken. One valiant
Soph, thinking to destroy the forces
of evil with a hockey stick (WAA
take note), advanced upon the rear

Hellowe'en at Pierce
Means Costumes, Dance

Pierce flail will hold its annual
llttllowe'en fest tomorrow night with
Eunice Baird, '44, in charge or ar—
rangements. The first part of the
evening will be devoted to a Hal-
lowe’en dinner and masquerade for
the girls and will be followed by a
date "VieH party

The girls will meet in the Ingle
Room at five-thirty dressed in or—
iginal costumes. They may dress
individually or in groups. A line
will be formed at the door and the
girls will march the length Of the
room. The judges will choose the
funniest and most original costumes
from the group. Following this
grand march, the girls will be serv—
ed a I-Iallowe'en dinner. Candles,
placemats, and favors will add to
the holiday mood.

The “vie” party will begin at
eight and will last until twelve
o’clock. Due to :t discouraging
turn-out at Pierce open—houses the
girls will bring their own dates.
Elizabeth Mtn‘ston, '43, is in charge
of the “vie” committee.

DyingSfaieBond
Gels New Start
FromLivelyFrosh

lt ticker; tt freslnnttn to do it! flop—
‘mp, to arouse college spirit, one
bruvc- freshman has started a little
band of his own. Ins pile of the
difficulties which will come up due
to lack of men, money, and mater-
ittls, Charles “Chuck” Iteielutrd, '46,
feels that with it little co—opcrntion
and enthusiasm the band will be it
success.

The bttnd even has an official
manager, Douglas Barnum, '46, who
runs around with a little pod and
signs people up whether they do
or do not want to play iIt State’s
future pride and joy. So fur the
band boosts of n baritone, a French
born, a plc‘c'olo, two drums, lwo
lrombonc-s, lln't-c' trumpets, and six
c-lttrineis. (lite or lwu sttxnpltones
and tin li.‘ ilttt tillo horn are still
needed. Since he can't find tmy of
the music which was used lost your,
"Chuck" is doing sortie arranging
himself. This versatile lender will
make his own special arrattgetnents
of colic-gt- pep songc- and the Alma
l\tlltll.‘l'.

“Chuck” is cit-Voting a great deal
of time and energy to his pet
project and the eighteen members
of the build plan to do some heavy
rehearsing. ’l‘heir t'ewnrcl will be
llte ctr—operation and praise that
State c'tttt give. ()ld members of
the band are urged to show up,
and also any new upperclassmen or
freshmen.

guard of the frosh. Alas, for the
luekless Carmany, for she had
picked the huskiest female Tarzans
that the group could Offer. Her
weapon was seized and she was
forced to beat a strategic retreat. A
temporary truce was called when it
was apparent that neither side could
gain a decisive victory in this Open-
ing battle of unofficial rivalry.

The truce was only temporary,
however, for the Sophomores re-
opened the battle in the Ingle Room
the next night. This new attack
took the form of a perfume barrage
which caught the unsuspecting
frosh without their gas masks.
Note: Unluckily for some, the amu-
nition was Woolworth's best.

Following a new line Of strategy
the Sophomores renewed hostility
on the freshmen boys. Taking ad-
vantage Of the hospitality offered
them by Sayles Hall on exchange
dinner night, ﬁve girls escaped from
their escorts and stole to a fresh-
man's room. Locking themselves
securely in, the girls proceeded to
wreak havoc with grim and silent
efficiency. A wave Of revenge fol-
lowed this mysterious raid as the
freshmen took it for granted that it
was the result of some Sophomore
man’s fertile brain. The Sophomore
girls, well satisﬁed with their suc—
cess, have retired and are awaiting
further developments from the
enemy side.

KPK issues Bids

To 25 Juniors
Pledge Service Nov. 4;
Initiation, Banquet Slated

Kappa Phi Kappa, professional
education fraternity, decided to
issue to bids to twenty-five out of
sixty-six Junior men at its last
meeting on Wednesday night at
8 p. m., in Husted Hall, slated
Robert Bartman, '43, President Of
the fraternity.

Juniors Receive Bids

Joseph Levin, ’43, Secretary of the
organization, released the list of
those Juniors who received bids
Thursday via student mail. They
are: I-larold Ashworth, Paul Bar—
selou, Herbert Brock, Charles Capel,
Robert Combs, John DeNike, George
Erbstein, Leonard Freedman, Frank—
lin Hansen, Bertram Kiley, Avrom
Koblenz, Verne Marshall.

Also: William Marsland, William
Miller, Paul O'Leat'y, Ben Reed,
Frederick Shoemaker, Bernard Skol—
sky, Gilbert Snyder, Saul Siolbof,
Allan Stone, Irving Swire, Allen
Tet-ho, William Tucker and Rich-
mond Young.

Pledging Initiation l’ltmnecl

Pledge service for those Inert ac—
cepting bids will be held on Novem—
ber 4. Following this, there will
be formal initiation service on Nov—
ember 18. New members will be
feted ttt a banquet on November 19.

Dr. Arthur K. Beilc, Professor of
Education, is Fueulty Advisor to
Kappa Phi Kappa. The purpose of
the cn'ganizution is to promote the
cause of edttetttion by encouraging
men of sound moral character and
recognized ability to engage in the
study of its principles and problems.
New members are selected on the
basis of scholarly attainment and
professional .iclettls. I’ttnel discus-
sions and lectures feature the yearly
program of the fraternity.

Translators Needed

For Defense Program

tht' Council needs people who
t'illi speak ttttd write Polish, Yiddish,
ltnlion, (lermtm, li‘t‘ettcli and Span~
lfill easily. Defense training Intt~
terittl for use among people who
t'iIlilltll read English in the large
industrial cities bus to be ll‘iillH-
latt'd info the blame languages.
lVliss Sara '1‘. DeLttttey, Dean of
Women, said that thI' Council now
has sevot‘ttl such articles lo be done.
Polish, Yiddish ttnd littllan trans—
lutors are especially needed.

Miss Debaucy has requested all
students who signed up for tht'
Activities to look on the bulletin
board outside her ofllce occasionally
to see if there are assignments
listed for them.

'The Budget Semi.

Current rumor has it that there will be e resolu-
tion introduced in this morning’s assembly, proposing
the partial return of student tax to those students
forced to leave college before receiving - full tax
beneﬁts. This resolution counters the decree of the
Student Board of Finance to the effect that there
would be no refunds made under any condition.

The State College News supports wholeheartedly
the previous decision of Finance Board. It is granted
that many students will be losing money under this
plan, since the majority of the men expect to leave
school before the completion of the school year.
However, the student body as a whole passed a
minimum budget for the 1942-43 year last spring, and
this budget must be maintained.

In spite of the national emergency, colleges are
continuing their afore-planned activity programs.
Such programs are essential to the life of a school,
and State College is no exception. To make such
a schedule function, funds are essential. State
College’s budget today is running on insufficient
funds due to the decrease in registration. If refunds
were to be made out Of the money on which the
budget now operates, it would be impossible to main-
tain any semblance of State's activity program. In
order to prevent such an occurence, the students Of
State College must be willing to resign themselves
to a small loss. It should be worth it.

However, this expected withdrawal and a subse-
quent refund would wreck a budget that is even
now running on a rock-bottom basis. The fact remains
that the students of State College must be willing
to relinquish a percentage of the money that they
have paid.

rt. Weekly Bulletin f

Campus Chest
The annual Campus

. Chest Drive will be held

from November 2 to Nov-
ember ]0. Students will
be contacted through their
group houses. A table
will be set up in the lower
hall of Draper. The goal
is $500, and each student
is requested to contribute
at least 50 cents.

Sol Greenberg, ’43.

Blllnguisis

Students who can read
and write Yiddish,
French, Spanish, Polish,
or Italian are urged to
volunteer in the war
effort to translate bulle-
tins. Bilingulsts inter-
ested should sign up with
the Deas of Women.

Joint Meeting
Pi Omega Pi and Com-
merce Club extend an
invitation to all students
to attend their joint
meeting in the Lounge
Monday at 3:30. Dr Louis
Jones will speak on the
share commerce can and

must play in defense.

M“. I.
Debate Council lhvi ‘
students to attend I dis-
cussion before the. we:
Education Forum of Al-
bany in Joseph Henry
Memorial Hall. November
4, at 7:30 p. m. Members
of Forum will speak on
the second front in Eu-

rope.

Social Calender

Oct. 30——-Potter Club
Smoker at the fraternity
house at 8 p. in.

Oct. 3l—KDR Hallo-
we’en rush party in the
Lounge.

Oct. til—Beta Zeta
Scavenger Hunt at the
sorority house, 9 p. in.

Oct. 31~Hallowe'en vlc
party at Pierce Hall, 8 to
12 p. m.

Nov. 2—Campus Chest
Drive begins.

Nov. 3—Cub classes for
freshmen interested in
working on the News in
Room III at 12 noon.

Nov. 4—Dlscusslon of
Second Front, Joseph
Henry Memorial Hall,
7:30 p. m.

 

 

Frosh In Quiz Programs
Act As Word Experts

The doors of Russell Sage
Opened yesterday morning, and
ﬁve State freshmen entered with
one purpose—to create a name
for themselves.

Oh, yes, they looked around
a bit, saw Troy's all—women
college, but primarily they
wanted to prove they could
answer "Yes!" to a student quiz
program, "Can You Pronounce
It?”

Sue Mooring took part in the
program with rich Southern
pronunciation; Andi-inn Taffler
contributed with an English ac-
cent. Anita Pedisieh and Ever~
son Kinn left their Long Island
“g's” at home and did their part.
Bob Wilcox, a local boy, also
represented State in the pro-
gram. The group was chosen
by Miss Agnes Futterer.

 

Hampel, Loucks
To Direct Plays

Advanced Dramaties will again
present an evening of plays on Tues-
day, November 10 at 8:30 P. M.

The first play will be it comedy
directed by Lois Hampel, ’44. It is
patterned offer "You Can’t Take It
With You.” The family concerned
thinks it's crazy and that makes the
pattern of the play. The cast. con—
sists of Jeanne Bailey, '44, as
the mother, Adelia; Everson Kinn,
'46, as the father, Henry; Jane Heath,
‘45, as Wisteria, the daughter; Rod
Fraser, '44, as Percy, the son with an
English accent, and, to balance these,
Eugene Herrington, '46, as the only
sane son, Dick, and Jean Chapman,
‘tlf, as Betty, his bride of three
months.

Robert Loueks, '44, is directing the
second play. This is it fantasy on
Life. .litn Meh‘eeley, '44, plays the
part of Life. Rhona Ryan, ’44, plays
the part of It girl who meets Life
and conquers it, wltile 'I‘t‘eec Aney.
'44, plays the port of it girl who,
knowing all nbottl. Life, is still eon—
cjuered by it. rl‘hc other churne-
I.ers will be announced at it litter

Sudden Blackout Startles
Engrossed Drama Crowd

Wlilll. happened when the lights
went out?

Page l'iull Auditorium underwent
ct tninttle blackout sans bombs or
sirens Tuesday night between plays.
Amid feminine squeals u renutrk
was passed, “Gttd, I can't see u
thingv ttll i can do is grub.” A _
flush-light east at low fl‘iill I'nys fill“
across the jubberiug faces.

"Maybe it's Ilitltzr and his heels,”
tt masculine voice oil'ut'od. “Paging
State Commandos!” another ttdded.

“Sslth, it’s purl of the play." The
intent remark of one of NYSC’l"s
bt'illittnls announced.

When the lights shone again the
audience blinked and all was as

 

l’i'ctct‘sst'tl with
snow . . . has \t‘lll back, two huge

shine.

John G. Myers

 

GABARDINE RAINCOAT

595

.\ ilylront taincoat you'll ltnt' to wear rain or
\t'itcx for It'ststttncc- to

pockets and tI mad money pocket.
Sim l'.‘ to ‘16.

Sportswear Second Floor

lit-igc' only.

 

 

before—no?

w y, is

 

