an...»

‘ zWNJla-L'i"

 

 

 

 

, Established Msy,1916'
by the. Class of 1918
Friday, May 15, 1942 No. 2:)
 , Member Distributor

“Associated Consulate Pull Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board, for the Student Association.
Phones: Office, 5-9373;' Slnvln, 2-9720; Burrows, 2-2752.

an... inn..." W? '1 1....
College Publisher! Representative

420 MADIION AVI. NEW YORK. N. V.
Calcuo ‘ lolrol - to. Alan." ' an nuance

The News Board
DAVID sLAvm _ _ _ _
FLORA M. GASPARY

R. MURIEL SCOVELL }
CAROLYN BURROWS _
BEVERLY PALATSKY _ ADVERTISING MANAGER
lERNADETTE SULLIVAN CIRCULATION MANAGER
PETER MARCHET‘I‘A _ _ SPORTS EDITOR
JANET BAXTER -_ - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BERNARD SKOLSKY _ _ AssocIATE EDITOR
DETTv STENGEL '_ - _ Assocom: :neron

 

EDITOR-IN-CHIIF
- CID-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER

 

All communichions should he addressed to file editor and
must he signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The .f'l‘A'l‘E COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibilin
for opinions expressed in its columns or communicatious.
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

;

«in»:

Hall and Farewell

It is the end, and it is the beginning.
Paradoxical as these words may be, they have
a certain signiﬁcance these days, when epochs
come to a close, and others begin.

This week’s issue of the NEWS is the last
of the year, yet it is the ﬁrst edited in its
entirety by the 1942-43 Board. It has been
impossible in a few hectic days to make any
distinct changes in policy, changes which are
inevitable when new individuals take charge
of an organization. Ideas are already shap-
ing in the minds of the incoming editors, but
they must wait for next September 18 to go
into effect.

Myskania, too, is hovering this week be-
tween the old and the new order. This is no
less true of nearly every group in the college.
The new leaders stand ready to go into
action, in many cases their work has already
begun. They, too, must await the fall.

For the Seniors who will leave on Monday
next this is the end, and yet it is also the
start of a new kind of life, a different way of
living. Gone will be the sleepless nights, the
toiling and striving and yearning for marks
and recognition; instead there will be the
uneasy and unpredictable life in the outside
world. There may still be sleepless nights,
there may still be toiling and striving and
yearning; but all will be on a new and differ-
ent basis, for the guidance and help of
trained minds will no longer be available. It
is the beginning of an independent existence.

For the United Nations this is the end of
defense and the beginning of offense. This is
the end of despair, it is the beginning of
hope; for our armies, navies, and air forces
are on the march, and nothing will stop them.
This is the beginning of a summer, the out-
come of whose battles will decide the fate of
all of us for many decades to come. This is
the beginning of the era in which either
democracy or tyranny will emerge victorious.
We have no doubt as to the outcome; it must
be that way.

By next September and October we shall
be somewhere along the circumference of a
circle speeding rapidly toward the unknown
point which marks the end of another era.

Let us look ahead to those months with
courage and hope, for we know our efforts
will succeed.

To the new Myskania, to all the new offl-
ccrs, to the Seniors, above all, to the cause
of democracy, we say Godspeed.

Open Sesame

The hour of trial is upon us. in a few short
days another examination period falls due-—
a time that means books, black coffee, and
headaches to the student body. To help the
“crammcrs,” we suggest that the college
library he opened in the evening until dark
“for the (,luratirm.” Even bombers of Japan
and Germany would have the compassion not
to pick exam week for a token air raid.

SIAIE mummiﬁed 'rIupAy, MM 15, I742

 

 

. 'IIAI‘s entryway AIouT Ins... MI um, l‘M worms
v wsIoIIr In oAvmos sun's“

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wall. 4W4

The next ﬁve or six months will
tell the story on the Russian front,
and consequently on every other
front. The Germans have launched
their vaunted offensive on the
southern Russian front. Attacking
on the Crimean Peninsula, the Nazis
are attempting to drive through to
the Caucasian oil ﬁelds. The Rus-
sians, however, are attacking all
along the rest of the line. Both
attacks are apparently succeding as
both sides admit withdrawals. It is
much too early to get a clear picture
of what is happening, but the Ger-
mans arc making their usual fan-
tastic claims of large gains. hordes
of prisoners, and great amounts of
booty.

Last week the Japs had a Moving-
Up Day all their own. They were
driving up the Burma Road as fast
as they could travel. They made
only one mistake which turned out
to be disastrous for them. After
badly mauling General Stilwcll’s
Chinese army on the northern border
of Burma, they by-passcd him in
their haste to advance up the Burma
Road. Fifty miles along the road
they met the Chinese army under
the personal command of Generalis-
simo Chiang Kai-Slick who stopped
them cold. Stilwell, meanwhile, had
reorganized his forces and cut oil’
the Japanese column from the rest
of the Japanese army. Then the
Japs received a taste of their own
medicine. Hammered from the front
and rear, the Japs were continually
strafed by the AVG. fliers who had
a field day flying up and down the
Burma Road shooting the Jan
column to plows. When the shoot-
ing was over. 4500 Japs had been
killed.

 

by Feigenbaum

 

The continued advance of the Japs
in the Southwest Pacific for the past
few months has led many an Amer—
ican to ask: Where is the United
States Navy? Last week they found
out. The navy was doing all right
for itself. An American naval force
met up with a Japanese squadron.
Inflicting some donagc, the Ameri—
cans wcrc forced to sail toward
Australia because of superior Jap
numbers. The Japanese foolishly
pursued them. Running and shoot-
mg for over 150 miles, American
planes and ships took a heavier and
heavier toll of Jap ships. Arrival
of reinforcements in the Coral Sea
allowed the United Nations’ forces
to turn on the Japs. After being
heavily battered, the Japanese ships
were forced to split up and limp
home. This naval victory was pos-
sible only because the Japanese
risked their large ships so far from
home for the first time. This victory
gives MacArthur at least six more
weeks to prepare his forces in Aus-
tralia before the Japs try again.

An axis submarine sunk three
ships in the St. Lauwrcnce river.
The Germans are apparently willing
to sacrifice many submarines in an
attempt to block the St. Lawrence.
If they ever should succeed in block-
ing the river, it would interrupt out-
going sea freight from the United
States and Canada. The last of the
three ships was sunk alter the Cana-
dian Prime Minister had announced
that the United States and Canada
had long ago drawn up plans for
such an attack and that these plans
had been put into operation.

 

Moving-Up Malarkey

—Letters to the Editor

To the Editor:

Although this Moving Up Day
stimulated the same emotions as
usual, the program could hch been
improved.

Thus for, there have been no suit-
able explanations for transferring
the scheduled orchestra concert from
that afternoon to the previous
’l‘htn'sdny I-vcnlng.

Ccrtninly a larger nttcndnncc
would warrant presenting the con-
ccrt for the benefit of the guests
with no admission charge. This is
the day on which Stale displays its
lenders and fine qualities. Certainly
our musical organizations, this your,
if in no ofhcr, have nchicvod n stun-
dnrd worthy of recognition and
praise.

Ifowovor, We must admit that the
evening’s program was well crowded.
It was fairly obvious that the slug
was unnecessarily repetitious and
exhausting. Maybe we can achieve
a finer quality in the songs presented
and the method of presentation for
the next year. There is no doubt
that this must be accomplished.

Mlssatisilcd

 

To the Editor:

Congratulations to the i'rosh and
sophs for their fine skits last Sutur-
duy. Moving—up Day skits were a
trcnt this your, after what we sat
through lost year, when, as per
tradition. We find four skits, one by
each class. The sophs play was swell;
even the f'rosh play was OK. And
then We had the dubious presenta—
tions of the seniors and juniors.
’i‘hc sophs and frosh woi'c spurred
on by thoughts and hopes for
rivalry points. The seniors and jun-
iors were, well, just fulfilling if rc-
quircmcnt.

Shattering trndftion doesn't usu—
ally go. but in this case, if. was if
good idea. This ycur we had tWo
I'cnlly good plays. (ioltlsicin laid
eggs: White slicczcd‘but we liked
it. We had dripping “Incllcr-drumu”
and “(fruity dodgers." ’i‘ho sophs
even save us if "bcu—u-tll'ul” heroine.
The i’rosli took off with “Minnie”
and "Miscellanla." If this be the
best efforts of '44 and ’45. I say let’s
have more of it.

Miss Satisﬁed

By Herb Lenekor ——-—

X on a card doesn’t mean much to a college student,
but according to latest reports, it’s all the rage among
motorists. . . .

ADDED VITAL STATISTICS—No less than 84 per-
sons were crowded into one of the more popular
collegiate rendezvous last Sat. nite—ceiebrating in a.
more or less decorous fashion, moving-up day. Frater-
nity and sorority walls Were forgotten as all banded
together under the Purple 8; Gold for a night of mirth
and melody. . . .

Social Buzzings—

Bill Forrest, now with the Marines at Chicago, was
recently guarding one of the big hotels, wherein were
glittering some of the brighter stars in our Hollywood
heaven. The upshot of the whole thing is that Bill
ended up by dancing with Eleanor Powell—an actress.
Like any true Marine, Bill had the situation well in
hand. . . .

Recently inducted into the army, Dan Bucci rated
high in the mechanic’s section of the army aptitude
tests. The coefficient of correlation must have been
suitable, since Dan is now connected with the Air
Corps School, ground detachment, learning. in the
approved manner, the most efficient way to swing a
monkey wrench.

Dan wishes to be remembered to all, and in case
you wish to be remembered to Dan, write Pvt. D. J.
Bucci, Co. A—-Platoon No. 6, Tent City, Spence Field,
Mouitrie, Georgia. . . .

Van Ellis, one of '43’s boys, was roaming around the
halls this week—looking quite healthy. and happy,
about the whole thing. Van is now a Staff Sergeant at
Fort Monmouth. a walking illustration of the fact that
college—trained men, with ambition, wear the stripes—-
and we do mean plural. . . .

Added lntcrviews—Verballsm Deluxe

Liz Simmons, in a writeup this week in one of the
downtown papers, gave a rather glorified account of
the exit of old man apathy at State

The article carried a lot of good sound ideas, and
it is unfortunate that if. was slightly ()Vcrdrcssed by
some ambitious journalist—but this seems usually to
be the case whenever anyone writes a feature showing
youth’s part in the world fracas.

‘akc for instance the accompanying article on
Thorpe DcVoicl—~_”Dcvoid of Fear, DcVoid Enlists. To
Fly or Die . .  Now this is a very laudable patriotic
sentiment, but as a headline it is well buttered, and
on the cob. . . . Although by no means a criterion of
correctness, it is unlikely that such a headline would
ever appear in the Crimson and Wh—pardon us. The
S'm'rr: CULiJifli-l News. . . .

At the risk of degenerating into a gossip column,
we relate the following choice tidbit. Liz's culogizcr
coyly described John Ralph as “her particular boy
friend . . . ." so now you know why the fair haired,
as well as fair minded, No. 1 student wakes up scream—
Ing. . . .

Apathy has gone from State; we no longer take our
invincibility for granted—«but having conquered this
deadliest of enemies (apathy), we must put forth every
possible effort next year to help force Frankenstein's
kitchen cabinet out of business. . . .

Religion—A Challenge to Man

This presents a deﬁnite challenge to every organiza-
tion on the campus, and especially to the religious
groups—for if there was ever a time when a return to
religion was needed it is now.

By this we do not mean a vcrbnlistic display of
Hallelujahs, but a practical, working adoption of a
belief in the brotherhood of man. Only through this
can a permanent world order, insuring peace, be
established.

Without this, by continuing the past world policy
of national axe-grinding, many of us will be vainly
sacrificed on the altar of economic imperialism. . . .

 

The Weekly Bulletin

Hf‘.\ Sltlt l‘oInIniliuo

SI'A organ i'I-I'lialx will be Francis .\luilln and lil-
held during exam week eunor llayosllp, i'I'clfIncn,
(May ‘_ 1.7) from ‘J l'..\i. in have been nppolnled lo the
:lzlill l'..\i. in lln- l'nliarlun Slu‘li f'oIiIIIIiIlee. ’l‘Wo slu-
f‘lInIn-l. Among IlIoM' who Ill-nls nI'e appululml io Illlh"
will play :ll‘I" iir 'i‘. l-‘rwl commilfco l‘lll‘ll year from
I'l‘lt'lf i‘nndljn. llazI-l fln- freshman class, lo M'I'Vl:
I-i'ls, 'l'_’. lll‘lf'll l‘illzlll, for file l'l‘h‘l ol' Ilif'll' I'ullvgc
Jeanne l"lllili.lll. ‘17: (fur-sf years. The conInIlfloe serves
urflsis will he announced as a llnson I‘Iililiilllll‘f' I'or
infle'r. l 1 file h‘l'ili oi'l'iee.

"lose inn-In“.wa in _u ll v ,... . ,.v
    "I,:9",j:,',;:,:m,':~ my}:
llII' billYIjl'. 'III.\ '|||"|"'”ll“l~' liq-an. announces fIInl o.\nnI-'
“"" ""!l{"""':‘,‘, “"‘”]" “'“l’ lnallon» in IiII'IlIUIlH “'llll‘ll
l“ In" N 4‘ """"' appear as l'hlin'ulinn ll,

,nl-lg” will Io- examinnilons in

[curllwr ,,,|,,,,,mli,,l, ,.,. minor incihocis only.
carding opporlunilios f'of‘ Hllllhll'llf Hffllfifll.
:vulnnn-r |Imllin||~_ as Iosl— l'lUHlltAMﬁ
l'll on life l"l'|‘Ili lllllll‘llll Dr Nelson would like Io
board. may ln- obtained ll_\' we all [hose slnlleuls who
inquiring .II Iln- i"i'|‘.‘li plan lo afn-nd Iln- summer
lllvﬁh sessions, so fin-iv programs

Fun“ \I)“ US may he made oul

'l'he IiuI'nIanus lllI-elwl' mnm‘l‘ ‘o‘lllq‘u‘u
llll"""'.‘ ”"" l“""""""" "'1 .\lu\' If» \Iollon‘ pit-lures
m“ '\”‘””l """l'" l’“‘"""»" will be shown In the l'ngl-
“l” "“ "“"‘““‘ "' “5”” “"‘l llall AudllorlIIIu follow-
“'1” “M "|"'“ ‘l""'“h' H‘“ ing nssI-mlilr. Suliim‘l'
""“||l“i~'- H l'. h'. Murine I‘orps, '

U ""l “or ill .iilv. iIrnm. [II‘I'H

fin-re ‘Will be a graphic “mum” mph“ “W”,
:ll'ls I'xlillillioll Irll lliI- h‘m' “mullva “um 'Hun "I
olill l‘limi' lli‘illivl' II'IIIII \lay ‘HIUNI’H‘, H.316 “I” '
I” I" “"3 '~‘~" , .\la,\' Iii .\i..\..i. w..\ .i.

.\ wafer I'nlill' oxhihillon mm. “m. .H MVKHWH-H
will replaci- lln- grophc mql‘w. ' ‘ '
arts on May “Jo through MM. m WWI.“ “H” “In,”
Mll'llrllogn i'l'ai'ls f‘lnss‘ pi'lr \I,£l.”l'?:;' "limp l,l.:im' ,. , I
,locis are on dlsplaj ln lhc ’ “lulu.” idilkﬂlllulou 1mm“
“"“lV-l“ May 7 Newman f'inb

Vltf‘l‘lilll’i “Whupy's‘ Wonsf," moo.

War Slinnps are always .\lu,\' ’i'f WAA Hopper.

on sale in life I'o op, May 18 Mnih f'luh l'lcnlc.

ME 90sec, revs. mm Me Me -  

 

Mrs. Roosevelt Will Speak at Workshop Opening; -.
Hicks, Jones, Baker Selected as State's DeleELates

Inaugurating the ﬁrst Faculty
Workshop presented at State Col-
lege, Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt will
lecture in Page Hail June 3 to the
professors of 37 various colleges and
universities of New York State. Her
speech, “Safeguarding the Children
and Young People,” will constitute
an integral part of the courses of-
fered.

Dr. John Allen Hicks, Professor of
Guidance, Dr. Ralph H. Baker, In-
structor in Social Studies, and Dr.
Louis C. Jones, Instructor of English
will remain at State for the month
of June to participate in the con-
ferences.

Complete college facilities will be
placed at the disposal of the Work-
shop for the entire month of June,
supplemented by the Arts and Oral ts
room of Milne High School. Sayles
Hall and Pierce Hall will comprise
the residence accommodation fUI
the participating members.

An executive committee which will
make appointments for full time and
guest consultants, has been chosen
by the Workshop Planning Commit-
tee. It is composed of: President
John M. Saylcs. New York State
College for Teachers, chairman: Dr.

No Survey Exams
For 33 Students

There will be no COlllln'f'lll’liSlVf‘
examination for Sophomore majors
or minors in social studies this year.
as announced by Donnal V. Smith
of the social studies department.

The change has been made to con-
form with the new five-year plan.
The purpose of the comprehensive
examination wns to select. the field
of social studies for specialization.
Hon/ever, since specialization will
now begin in the fifth year. the
exam will he giVen in the second
semester of the junior year, or in the
first semester of the senior ycnr to
all majors and minors in sorinl
studies, since these students may
clccf. to specialize in their minors
or majors during the fifth year.

The program of the fifth year will
be seminar work and one scmcstcr
of education in the field of special
interest.

This postponement will apply to
all who will finish their fourth year
in June, 1944 and to subsequent,
classes. That is, the conmprehcnsivc
examination will be given in the
spring or fall semester of 1943.

New Literary Annual
'Ol, By, For Students'

“State’s new literary magazine Is
going to be a magazine of, for, and
by the students." juirnpln'ascd Kay
Martin, ’43, newly elected Editor-
in-Chicf’ of tho nf'orenIcntloncd pub-
lication. “This magazine is going
to be something different. and we
are going to print just the very best
of everything." Miss Martin added
that the Statesman has been buried
and that the new I‘nngazinc will lmvc
a new name, new cover, new format.
and even new type of features. That
cvury student should and must feel
that it is his pf'lvllcgc and his duty
to submit articles, stories and such
to the staff of the magazine for
possible publication. were the part.-
ing‘ words of Miss Martin

Greek Officers

((I‘onlinm'd from [my/r I, column a:
Dorothy Cox, “iii, of Chi Sigma
’I‘liein. in council li'cunlll'f'l'

Other members of the council for
next your are lu‘licn llolly. of lietn
Zcia; 'l‘in-hnn Levinson, of Alpha
Epsilon l'lil‘, and l‘llf‘fllifil' anes. of
Gamma Knppn, juniors.

Mnuricc .loscph Levin, “iii. was
elected president of Kappa lieln
fraternity Wednesday. ('iflberl Sny-
dcr, "14, Was elected vice-president;
liuvld Sluvin, ’-i3, is the. new secre—
tory, and Harry Charles Kensky. "1:5,
is treasurer.

House. Manager for the coming
year is Kenneth Snvifsky, “ii; Ml‘lli-
bor—nt—inrge to the Executive. lionrd
is irvon Swlre, ‘44; rcprcsenlntiVe to
Intro—mural Council is Arthur Flux,
'43, and members to Infcrf'rnfornlty
Council are Levin and Harold lI'cl-
gcnbuum, juniors, and Saul Sfolhof,
'44.

MRS. FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT

Hermann L. Cooper, Assistant Com:
missioner of T( nchcr Education and

Five College Men Adopt
US. Marines Theme Song

To five more State men, the
Marine Hymn will now signify
the official marching accom-
paniment In their division of
the United States armed service.

In the past month, Fred Fer-
ris, Louis Pasquini, Seniors,
Walter irzywacz, Peter Mar—
chcftn. Juniors, and Benjamin
Reed. ’44. have enlisted as can-
didates for ensigns in the United
States Marines.

After a four month trial train-
ing period in Qtinntico. Vir-
ginia, following the completion
of their senior year, each will
receive the commission of" Sec—
ond Lieutenant.

 

Russian Relief Sponsors Film

The Russian War Relief will
sponsor the movie at the Grand
Theatre all this coming week. in
addition to a first-rate picture, the
nch picture, Our Russian Fronl,
will be shown. However, the War
Relief gets a percentage only on
those tickcis which are sold outside,
not those sold at the box office.
Therefore, if any students plan to
attend that movie, they are urged
by Dr. Caroline Lester, to obtain
their tickets either from her or from
the State College Co-op.

Certiﬁcation, New York State Edu-
cation Department, chairman of sub-
committees; Dean Mary M. McCor-
mick Scot-Crcig. Hobart and .Wll-
iiam Smith colleges, Area Committee
chairman; and Dr. Robert W. Fred-
erick, Principal of Milne High
School, Executive Secretary of the
Committee. The latter three will have
general direction of the Workshop.

Appointments of consultants will
be released in the next few days.

The major areas in which con-
sultant service will be provided com-
prise:

I. Development and Behavior of
Children and Adolescents.

II. Reading, Writing and Speak-
ing.

III. ProfeSSIonai Education of
Teachers in Reference to Laboratory
and Practical Experiences.

A sub-group will be formed in the
art of discussion.

Dr. William H. Hartley, Assistant
Professor of Education, who is a
specialist in audio and visual aids,
will be available for consultation on
methods and methods and materials
in these fields.

Newman to induct

Officers Sunday

Newman Club has scheduch n
“Wimpy's Woast," a hamburg party,
for Sunday, May 17, in the yard of'
Ncwmnn Hall. At this time, the new
officers will be installed by retiring
president Fred Ferris. '42. and the
i-‘tevcrend Wm. Cnhiil. Professor of
Philosophy at the )ollegc of Saint
Rose.

incoming officers include: Presi—
dent. William Tucker. '44: Vice-
Prcsidcnt. Mae Whiting, '41): Secre-
tary, Florence Garf‘nll. ’45: 'f‘rcas-
urcr, Loretta Sundsfrom. ’43; Editor
of Newmnnncws. Kathleen Martin,
‘43; chairman of l'teligfous Commit-
tee, Mnrlc Hart, ’43; chairman of
Meeting Committee, Shirley Wurz,
’43; chairmnn of Social Committee,
Lucille Gerg, ‘45; chairman of Pub-
licity Committcc, Benjamin Reed,
’44-; chairman of Education Com-
mittee, Clifford Swanson, ’43; and
othcr minor officers.

"Wimpy’s Weast” fcaiiu'es inun-
burgers, potato salad, lice. and
doughnuts.

Following the roast and installa-
tion, there will be dancing and
entertainment in the recreation
room of Newman Hall, under the
chairmanship of Mildred Swain,
Madeline Grunwnld, and Norma Dl
Lnuro, Seniors.

 

Seniors, Sentenced lo Life, View
Happy Past and Hopelul Future

Anita II‘ciustcln

What are the seniors' feelings on
leaving school? The only way to
find out is by asking the seniors
themselvos, The Commons is n fer-
tile pluce to find almost anyone.
Sure 'nufl', Fred Ferris gave forth
with, “As it senior, two thoughts are
in mind as I look back upon four
happy and profitable yours at State.
I am glnd that tlic rcqflircmcnts for
n degree are fulfilled. bul. ut the
some time i iegI'et lcnvlng college
and life friends among the faculty
and sludenls who have made State
so plensnnt. Al. fine same. time i um
looking forward to an cxcliing
period with lhc Murine Corps."

Carl "lichnnl lhc Iéllghi-llnll"
Mitchell. looking rather and. said,
".lusl like everybody else feels. it's
lough lo lenye all the friends of
j’f'ili‘n. 'l‘ln-n-‘n something bigger
nhend, liiough, We got to find a
couple of .iaps to do my laundry.”
Pctc l"ulvio will also be fighting
.lups. When asked nbout his feelings,
Pctc replied, "My feelings on loav-
lng State? We never spent four
yours that Were so marked for their
luck of’ food. money, sleep, and rest.
A5 for the war rit's u steady job at
least."

Hill lllcksoli spoutle poctryi
"‘Pnrting is such swcct sorrow.’

Makes me think of poetry-mthings
like, 'So. we'll go no more n-rovfng.’
That's Byron. Outside of" that I
haven't any dcflnltc feelings because
what i’m going into is so unknown.
It's just n time interval us for us
I'm concerned."

With his mouth full of peach pic,
and his eyes full of tours, Al Stiller
spoke: “I am terribly sorry to bc
lcnving my old acquaintances and
tho linuan l’vo infected for four
years.” Kay l-tlchards said, “I feel
bad because l’m finishing oil a
period of my life to which I can
never return and fit in. However, I
um glad to get out because four
years of college seems likc cnoug’h.‘I
Muriel "ltnppio" linpport stntcd scri-
ousiy. "After four yours here, any-
onc would be. glud to get out. I
know lherc's more to living tlmn
just whnf. you find at State. So, f'm
all set to go out and live."

l!i(l Holstein was brief" but lo the
point, "Stutc bus troutcd Inc Well.
I'm glad it's ovor and i'm sorry to
leave." Jnnct Kruntz ndcqunfoly
suunnod up the feelings of the major
part of the class by saying. “’l‘o Inc,
leaving State is u. personal mutter
which every individual will accept
in his own inimitable way. My feel-
ings are various and probably trite
—~us are these words."

 

rankings...” Issac-II it 

On Rm‘m‘ Clas'slficstloni

Dr. Milton O..Neioon, Dean of
the College, stated that Ensign Ed-
ward 8. Robinson of the United
states Naval’ Reserve will be at
state College Monday in order to
meet with those students who are
interested in v-l, v-5 and A-V(t)
Classiﬁcations.

Dr. Nelsen stated also that the
Navy was anxious to contact all the
prospective candidates in the various
schools and colleges before gradua-
tion. Ensign Robinson will bring
with him a movie depicting life in
the Navy.

The whole student body is invited
to attend the meeting Monday at
3:30 P. M. in Room 20 Richardson.
Any man wishing to attend will be
given an excuse from class.

 

War Activities
lncreosein Scope

With the continuation of the pres-
ent world conflict, the War Activ-
ities Board will assume an important
role in next year’s college program.
Members of the Board anticipate a
full schedule.

On Activities Day next October,
there will be a booth in the Com-
mons where students can register
for different classes in War Relief
Work. Committees will be formed
to salvage materials which will be
used to fill vitnl war needs. The
sewing group will continue its work
under the direcfion of Emily Blasiar,
while the blood bank will be given
more prominan place in the relief
program. It is hoped that more stu-
dents will contribute.

This past year the Board has
sponsored stamp and bond cum—
pnigns. Members have cooperated
with outside workers in writing
scripts for radio programs dealing
with national defense. They have
enlisted volunteers for defense posi-
lions in the city and have assisted
with the enrollment of residents for
work in various fields.

Senior to Lead
Milne Conference

Virginia Polhemus, ’42, and Adolph
Schnbcl, a faculty member from
Philip Schuyler High School will
have charge of the panel discussion
sessions of the annual spring con-
ference of the Capital District Scho—
lastic Press Association which will
convene at Milne High School on
May 16. Conferences and panel dis-
cussions will hold sway at these
sessions, with n luncheon in the
Hucstcd cafeteria.

Staff members for the Milne High
weekly ’l‘nn Clemson AND Wnrru will
play host to student reporters from
Mildred Ellcy, Nott Terrace of
Schenectady, South Glens Falls
Junior-Senior High. Altnmont High,
and Heatiy High of Green Island.
Miss Katherine E. Wheeling of the
Milne English Department is chair-
mnn for the conference; Robert S.
Kohn. student chairman. ’i‘hc Milne
Band and Choir will provide the
musical background for tho confor-
enccs.

WAA to Hold Festival

The WAA nwnrds festival will be
held Sunday of. four o’clock on the.
terrace of I’lcrcc Hail. Mary Now
is general chairman for tho nil'nli'.
Officers for the coming your will
be. installed and keys will be
awarded to juniors and seniors who
have earned credit in four sports
if your for n period of three years.

 

 

Good Food in A Friendly,
Comfortable Atmosphere

HERE'S

“lamp or Quail

o...  or.
Junior Guide Dead

Junior. Guide and housing a:

motion has been released-by Min . 3

Bars Tod Delaney, Dean of women. -.
Miss Delaney also request: that all -’
students who expect to- work on
NYA this fall leave their names and-
summer addresses in the NYA of-
fice by Wednesday, May 27.

No information has as yet come
through about state’s NYA status.
The New York State NYA Office
does not know how much money will
be available, if any. However, if
any funds are granted, they will be
considerably smaller than those of
past years.

Notices will be posted if any news
comes about the funds. This sum-
mer, if an appropriation is received.
applications will be sent out to those
who have ﬁled for NYA. These
blanks must be returned before
September 1.

Miss DeLaney asks that only stu-
dents who absoluteiy need NYA help
sign up.

Miss DeLoney stressed the fact

--that the Junior guide system in-

cludes both men and women, Juniors
and Sophomores. She also wishes to
remind those students who do not
live at home or in college group
houses that they must have their
residence approved by her office.

The deadline for Junior Guide ap-
plication is 12 noon, Monday, May
18. Notices will be sent before the
end of the examination period to
those Juniors and Sophomores se-
lectccl.

The work of the Junior Guides
con:.lsts of introducing the incoming
freshman class to life at State. They
will escort the class of 1946 to recep-
tions in the fall.

. Commercial Fraternity

Elects New Officers

“Organization has been success-
fully accomplished this year. We
have been feeling our way and hope
that interest manifested thus far
will be continued,” snid Jackson Le-
Vnrn, outgoing president of the Beta.
Zeta chapter of Pi Omega Pi fra-
ternity, at its final meeting of the
your.

Officers for the coming year are:
Ellen Dolls, president; Leo Flax,
vice-president; Regina Roth. secre-
tary; Doris Snylcs, historian. The
new executives were informally in-
stullcd at n meeting on Tuesday,
May 12.

The purpose of the fraternity,
which was chartered in January, is
to advance on interest in commerce.
There are fifty chapters of Pi Omega
Pi in the United States. NYU and
State are the two chapters in New
York State.

New Officers Chosen
By Two Language Clubs

Officers for Classical Club and
Pan Amigos have been selected for
the coming year. They are, for
Classical Club: Lucy Mnssimiliun,
’43, president; Gertrude Dnmm, '43,
vice-president; Ruth O’Neill, '43,
secretary; Lntu'n Hughes, '43. trous-
urcr; Regina SIaWskl, '45, Publicity
director.

Officers for Pan Amigos nrc: Iru
li‘rccdmnn, '43. president; Beverly
Pnlutsky. ’43, vice-president; Juno
Sempie, '43, secretory; Herman
illumcl. ‘44, treasurer.

There will be no other meetings
of' Pan Amigos this year except on
ofi'lcers' meeting next ycnr.

 

I .
.'

 

 

 

