 

   
 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, I9I6
by the Class of I9I8

Friday. September 18, 1942 No. l

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Cal/twins: /)i4'1‘.t'/
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Associatzon.
Phones: Ofﬁce. 5-9373; Slavtn, 2-9726; Burrows, 2-2762

 

Vol. Ln v‘i’I

 

IIFIIIIN‘I’ID FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIIINC IV

NationallilvertisiiigSemce,liic.
Calla: Peule Rim-anterior

420' MADIION AVI. NEW YORK, N. V.

cmcuo - lonTeII - Lou ARIILII - lAll liIIIIICIIco

The News Board

DAVID SLAVIN - - -
FLORA M. GASPARY

R. MURIEL SCOVELLI
CAROLYN BURROWS - - - -
BEVERLY PALATSKY - - - ADVERTISING MANAGER
KATHERINE COUSINS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
PETER MARCHETTA - - - - - SPORTS EDITOR
JANET BAXTER - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BERNARD SKOLSKY - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BETTY STENGEL - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

ass-en

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility .tor opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its
view.

Wherefore Are We Here?

America is at War, and that is the grim, real-
istic fact with which the State College student
body is faced today. America is at War and we
have got to do something about winning tliat
war as soon as is humanly possible.

To be in college in a time of national stress
is an extraordinary privilege, a privilege which
we do not seem to comprehend. A glance
around the campus in the last few days showed
thet the students of State College were tip to
their old tricks again. Fraternity and Sorority
Rushing Is proceeding in full swing; the social
calendar is again cluttered with many non-
esseiitials; Ulie extra-class activities have made
no attempt to curtail their programs.

 

- - EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
- - CO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER

 

 

 

It is time to wake tip, State College, and dis-
cover wherefore, when thousands are dying and
starving and suffering. we are here.

The position of the college in war-time is a
very ii'iiportant one, from the standpoint of win-
niiig the war and from the standpoint of win-
iiitig the peace that follows. ()iiicers need
specialized training in advanced fields, and the
colleges only are equipped to provide this train«
ing. The research laboratories iIi the colleges
and universities of the country can strive for new
developments iii countless fields connetted with
the war effort.

Just as important as dii'ett aid to the war are
the things the tolleges can do to (ivilian morale
and life both during the war and afterward.
Here is where State College comes into the pit.-
turefl‘he main task of the students here is to
provide themselves with the knowledge anti train-
ing needed to l)L‘t()IilL' excellent and outstanding
teachers. I hey nttist be able to impart to others
attitudes which make for tolerant, internation-
ally-minded individuals who will live iii hai motiy
and peace with eath other throughout the count-
less tenttti‘ies to (titiii'. 'i he) must, as the Presi-
dent of these l'iillt‘tl States has said, make sure
that in the sthools “only the living li'lllll will
he taught"; for it is the living tt‘ttth wliitli will
ultimately triIIiinh.

The foregoing may he too great a thallenge to
the teaching profession and to the students of
State College. What of iii .\lIIst we let it pass
without at least a stab iii the right dii'ettioii?

We must, lieie and now. resolve that in every
minute of every hour of every day we will do the
things that will make good leathers and till/cits
out of us. J\iIi(.‘l'iiil needs otti minds now more
titan ever, btit it taiiiiot Use them unless the) are
trained in the tight way 'I'his does not mean
that there is to be no leisure oi time to play.
We IIilhl detide I\’lli(ll is profitable pleasure and
which is li'ivolity. Above all there must be Ito
waste and no lethargy, only attion and good
hard work this year.

We, too, must consider ourselves on a battle-
field; not a battlefield of bullets, guns and tanks,
but a battlefield oi iiiiiids———ali Working together
toward one and only one goal——-Victoi'y, in War
and in Peace.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER I8, I942

 

 

Only 2i,000 Hours?

 
  
  

 

NM.

UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI
LAW STUDENT, (DNSIDERS
TI-IE LOSS OF A LEG N0
HANDICAP. HE HAS BEEN
CHEER LEADER FOR FIVE
YEARS,WON SEVERAL
JITTER-B‘JG CONT EST 3,
DRIVES A CAR AND CAN

 
     

 

 
 

ROLLER SKATE!
 ~ 3 WWW "7:-
M ' “"5 'TttA” optic! 
Iii  ‘ .

 

l
KARL NO-PUNCH‘ WALDRON
WON THE INTERFRATERNITY BAN TAM-
WEIGHT BOXING CROWN AT THE
UNIV. OF MINNESOTA WITHOUT A
SINGLE FIGHT! HE WAS THE ONLY
ONE ENTERED IN THIS DIVISION .

USELESS INFORMATION 1'

J'I'UDENTJ‘ J‘PEND 2I,OOO HOURS A

YEAR JTANDING IN REGISTRATION
I I I  I I l

 

~—

(Sse bottom right)

 

64am am! Get-Gala

 

Well, hello, froshl So you finally
dood it. You packed up your bags,
piled into trains and buses, and
came to see, eventually to conquer,
State. About now you should be
wondering just what is going to
happen to you. You’re unpacked,
you’ve seen, but you deﬁnitely
haven't conquered—yet. Perhaps
you're not even sure if you like the
place at all; on the other hand you
may be liking it more than you ex-
pected. Nevertheless, without Fresh-
man Camp to start you off knowing
a thing or three, you’ve been
plunged into a maelstrom of strange
faces, buildings, and traditions. May-
be some advice would come in
handy, huh?

You'll get advice, all right. For
every one freshman there should be
two or three upperclassmen hover-
ing about ready, yea, eager to tell
you what, how, and when to do
things. An extra-ordinary freshman
would listen smilingly and go ahead
doing what ever he or she planned
in the ﬁrst place. A lot of you
aren't built that way, though, so be
prepared for some conflicting solu-
tions to your problems. It may keep
you dizzy at first, but you'll be
catching on.

You’d better get used to the up—
perclassmen right away. There is an
institution quaintly called “rushing.”
It means just what it implies.
You'll be flattered, eajolod, and be—
wildered into joining the sorority or
fraternity that "gits thar lost. with
the mostcst.” Don‘t worry, though,
it's fun. You'll never feel so im—
portant. again in your life. If you're
that extraordinary freshman, you'll
watch quietly to see what group you
fit in with most easily. without un-
due stress and strain. Which means
tliai. you should get to know as
many uppcrelassmen as you can;
which may be harder titan you
think. Some of the uppcrclassmen
will do their best to keep you con-
iined to one group. But that usually
means that they think quite ti lot of
you, so again, don't Worry too much.

Then there's State itself to get
used to. it isn’t really a college, you
see, it's a training ground for touch-

lIy Rhona Ryan

 

ers. Wait for a year or two and
you'll find yourself sliding into the
groove, even if you don’t think so
now. Therefore, studies should be
important; oddly enough, they can
be fun. There is an unusually good
faculty here, and you'll have an
enviable chance to know them well.

Disregard the yowls about “apple-
polishing” if you really want to get
better acquainted with a member of
the faculty. You don't want to have
a herd-mind, do you? Insincere ﬁat-
tery of a professor is a collegiate
mortal sin, but sincere admiration
for a better or more experienced
mind than yours is a great help. It
keeps your hat ﬁtting your head——
so many students have trouble with
that.

But enough of this sermonizing.
Because college, you’ll ﬁnd, is an
imitation adult world. The battles
to be fought are your own, and no
advice can ever help. Whether
you'll be a “pusher,” a “grind,” a
“drip.” or a well-rounded person—
alin is up to you. There's no such
thing, probably, as the wrong col-
lege for you; there is such a thing
as you making it so.

Perhaps you know already what to
avoid as a freshman. Hasty first
impressions, too many good times,
or too much studies, dependence on
others for opinions you should form,
et cetera, ct eetera, et cetera. . .
And there are some things you
definitely should try to do. Be in-
terested in the people you meet;
they really are funnier than any—
body. Be a bit hesitant about
judging people by your own stand—
ards; they might just possibly be
wrong, you know. Have at least
one extra-curricular activity for
letting off excess steam. And, most
of all, have lots of fun. It's free.
You can liiid it in classes, in dorms
and group houses, in the Boul, in
Burt's, anywhere at all. It's sur-
prising how many miss it, though.
You won't, will you?

And now good-bye, lrosh. You're
on your own. Sit back and watch
things for a while, and then decide
what you want. If you have the
stuff, there's no one to stop yott.

Good luck!

 

The Weekly Bulletin

The WAA l"lIll Sports Program Wlll
begin Monday, September 2‘1, with
hooky, archery, tennis, and budtntlt-
ton.

\I'Inli‘rI-Il Joni-s
President, “2H
.s'III‘IAI. (’.\I.I£.\'II.\II
Sept. 18-——F'lt‘st Student Assembly,

Page Hall, 11:10 A. M.

Sept. lB—~— Churches reception for

freshmen, B P. M.

Sept. lit—Newman, Hillel receptions
for freshmen, 8 P. M.

Sept. Iii; lt‘orum liottrd meeting, room
205, Draper Hull, 12 noon,

tic-pt. iti‘ Dr. Milton G. Nelson, Dean
of the college, speaks on reserves to
men of the college, room 20, Rich—
Iit'dsoii, 4 l". M.

Supt, lU—VSCA Frosh Frolic, Commons,
ti-10:30 P. M.

Sept. 21-——It‘trst meeting of the Fresh-
men Orientation Program.

Sept, 22—Meeting of all Sophomore
reporters oi" the STATE COLLEGE
NEWS. Publications Oiliec, 12 noon.

Sept. tilt—Finance Board meeting,
room 303, Draper Hall, 12 noon.

by Herb Leneker

Dame Rumor doesn’t enjoy wagging her tongue too
Iii'uch, but she does enjoy wittc .oig other people wag
theirs. . . .

And speaking of rumors:

As yet the War Dep’t has not spoken in regards
to making 4 or 5 periods of calisthenics, plus a
lO-mile hike on Saturdays mandatory for all Army
Reserve men. However, such a program would be
beneficial in the long (or maybe short) run for the
ERC’s, so don’t be surprised if it does happen here. . . .

A pound of sugar, an unlimited gas ration card, and
a brand new tire to Dr. D. V. Smith for his mimeo-
graphed news letters which he sends to State men now
serving. These booklets, described elsewhere in this
issue, are written in addition to the huge personal
soldier correspondence maintained by the super duper
dynamo of the “better citizens in ten easy units” dep't.

 

 

Two Empty Chairs in M yskam'a Row

This morning in Assembly there will be two empty
chairs in Myskaiiia row . . . the chairs belonging to
Tom Feeney and George Kunz . . . and these chairs
will remain empty all year. . . .

TOM FEENEY, thrice elected president of his class,
captain of varsity basketball, and a member of a mul—
titude of organizations, was inducted July lst, sent to
Camp Upton, and later transferred to Fort Monmouth,
Red Bank, New Jersey.

At present he is studying to be a radio operator, so
he can send “dots and dashes and lots of flashes,” but
the messages will probably all be bad news to the big
three has beens over there who never were.

Tom writes that all his learning is about concrete
things . . . the value is clearly apparent . . . and he
feels that he is really learning things. He must be,
cause at last reports he was 4th in his class, which
ain't hay.

Rising daily at 4:30 (ugh), he warns, “Anybody still
in college cart consider themselves very lucky. Make
the most of what you are doing, because when you get
down here, it will all be strictly business. . . ."

GEORGE KUNZ, jolly all-round good fellow, elected
head of Music Council, and Old King Cole of State,
followed the beckoning of our rich Uncle on August 18,
and now, basic training all over, ﬁnds himself sleeping
in the former cocktail lounge of the Fleetwood Hotel
at Miami Beach. . . , Sleeping, mind you. . . .

Connected with the Air Corps, Kunz writes about
some guy named Gable who is quartered in the same
Hotel. He also writes about women who mob him
all the time and call him "Clark," which seems strange
to him. but nice.

In his third attempt, while training on the rifle
range, Georgie made a score of ten out of ten. which
is almost 100".',. His other major accomplishments to
date have been singing over the radio during a camp
broadcast, and meeting his Captain‘s daughter.
Whether on a range, before a mike, or with the Cap—
tain's daughter, you can be sure that George will
do ok. . . .

Though living in luxttry, Kunz misses the fellows,
et cetera, of State. "It's a great life in the army, but
surrounded by one's friends in college is much
nicer. . , .

Il’l’e, Too, [Vi/(st Serve

GEORGE and TOM, like many others, have been
forced to make sacriﬁces in order to take care of the
job at hand. Those of us lucky enough to still be here
also have a job to do . . . we must thoroughly recheck
our sense of values, casting out all superﬁcialitics . . .
we must make ourselves worthy of those who are
fighting for us, and we must do this at once, cheer—
fully, sineerely, and without fanfare. . . .

This morning in Assembly there will be twu empty
chairs in Myskania row and these chairs will
remain empty all year.

WM 4%

by It‘eigeiiliaum ——___-_

 

 

A great deal has happened on the World's war fronts
over the summer vacation. An over~till view of the
situation gives us the following picture:

The Germans opened a gigantic pincers movement
which they hoped Would carry them to the rich oil
fields of the NeLr lizist and which Would give them
control of the Sn. 1 Canal. The northern arm of the
pitieei's struck in .iuliIllLl'tl ltu-Isoi with a devastating
force, The litisst. 'l:i were force-i to retreat, bttl they
made the (iei'iiitin j‘tty nearly 1 i' their gains. 'l‘heii‘
overwhelming sui f I'.ot'ity in lllt 't and machines carried
the Nazis to the fringes of tit.- Caucasian Mountains
and to the outskirts of Stalingrad. Stalingrad controls
the Volga Rivor which is the fife—line of Russia. The
battle of the city still goo: on with the Russian
defenders committed to a "Hilli‘d or die" policy.

The southern arm of the pmccrs was iii command
of the wily General iiomtiiel III Libya. He hit the
British Eighth Army with everything he had and
drove into Egypt sixty miles front the British naval
base III Alexandria. The British stiffened and stopped
him at El Altinieiu. Last week he attacked again, bill
the British, reinforced with American men, tanks, and
planes, stopped hint and forced him to retreat to his
original position.

In the I’liillipiiies it was “too little.” At Java it was
"too late," But in the Solomon Islands it was 'l‘ulagi.
After defensive naval victories in the Coral Sea and
at Midway Island, United States' forces went on the
offensive. Led by the Marines, American troops drew
the Jups out of the Solomon Islands and are holding
against Jup counter-attacks. Commandos struck at
Dieppe on the French coast.

3;, i

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER IS, “4%

 

Milne Introduces
Course in Radio

Air Mechanics

Government Sponsors
Aeronautics School

Students attending Milne High
School can now take courses in
Radio and Elementary Aeronautic .
Milne High is one of tho twcni
seven thousand high SCI'IO i
throughout the country which 11‘:
introducing these courses, under the
sponsorship of the U. S. Ofﬁce of
Education. Dr. Carleton A. Moose,
Assistant Professor and Supervisor
in Science, will teach the course in
Fundamentals of Radio. Dr. William
Fullagar, Assistant Supervisor in
Science, will conduct the course in
Elementary Aeronautics.

The Aeronautics course does not
attempt to turn otit licensed techni-
cians or i'ilots. It does however at-
tempt to make the high school siti-
dent air—conscious, and to have him
realize the importance of the air-
plane, both in the present and in the
post-war situation. The course is
open to juniors and seniors at Milne.
preferably boys; girls will also be
admitted. Laboratory work in the
course will include the building of
model airplanes. both rubbcrbiind
and gasoline models. Emphasis will
be laid on meteorology (the study of
the weather), on aerodynamics (the
how and why of flying), on air
foils. on streamlining of the air-
plane, and on how and why planes
behave as they do in the air. Stu—
dents will also study the mechanics
of the airplane engine, :Ivigtttion
(which is navigation in the air). and
airplane safety rules and regulations.

The radio course will etiipliiisize
the fundamental scientific principles
underlying the transmission and re-
ception of radio signals, and will be
highly mathematical in nature. The
purpose of this course is to provide
preliminary training in the funda—
mentals of radio communication as
recommended by the U. S. Military
Authorities. The course is open to
students who are taking, or who
have completed high school physics
and intermediate algebra. Preference
in this course. as Well as in the
aeronautics course. will be to boys.
Boys who have completed this
course, said Dr. Moose, will ﬁnd on—
listincnt in the U. S. Signal Corps
greatly facilitated. As far as tita-
iei'ittls are available, students will
construct simple transiiiiiicrs and
receivers.

Teachers for these radio and
aeronautics courses throughout the
country are not specially trained.
They are, for the most part, mth
and science teachers who are inter-
ested in radio and aviation. Some
of the colleges are offering lonelier-
training courses in these fields. Dur-
ing the past summer, Cornell Uni—
versity and Columbia University.
among several other colleges, offered
such courses in their summer ses—
sion.

Say/es Hall Houses
Total 0f68 Sim/cuts

While Pierce Hall was putting up
the S.R.0. sign, her neighbor across-
the campus, Sayles llilll became the
home of thirty-nine i'rosli Iiiid
iWeiIty~ninc uppereltissineii. Activity
has gotten well under way with the
frosh pouneing on the pool and ping,
pong tables mid the upperehissmeii
pouneing on the fi‘osli us likable
prospects for what have you.

Director Bulger plans to itiii l'i'
boys dorms this year with an ()"t'
to a healthful program which witl
be consistent with the war effort.
Plans are being formulated for a
eulistheiiics eltib to meet iii six
o'clock in the morning, under the
direction of Harry (ii'oguii. new
Milne Coach.

in an effort to get acquainted with
the inhabitants of Pierce and ad—
joiiiiiig halls, an open house was held
'l'tiesdny evening. This was the be—
ginning of nit extensive soeial year
for the dorm,

Executive Chairman Winfield
Tyler has transferred to Cornell and
his position will be filled at It meet-
ing of the house members in the
near future. The executive council
has made plans for canteens to be
placed in the game room, air raid
drills, and other things. _

Assisting Mr. Bulge-r in his duties
of director is Mr. Frank Hull, whose
wife is also cook.

  

 

Paul U. Bulger

Katherine Cans/m, ’43,
Chosen (.‘irculan'ml Head

At a meeting of the Board of tlto
S'I‘A’l‘I-J Coi.i.i-:(:i: NEWS Tuesday, Kath-
erine Cousins, '43, was elected Cir-
culation Manager to fill the position
on the Board left vacant by the
marriage and subsequent departure
of Mrs. Warren F. Witzig, the former
Bernadette L. Sullivan, ’43. Mrs.
Wiizig was married last spring.

The NEWS Board also voted to
offer a reward of five dollars for
information leading to the recovery
of one of its typewriters which dis—
appeared fl’(tlll the Publication Office
during the summer.

D. 

(f'tiiililiiit’tl from Page 1, ('ol. I‘I

 

Although D. V.'.s cheery little pub-
lication doesn't reach the WAVES
and the WAACS, Molly Gill and
Eileen Wallace receive mention as
members of the women's army.
Molly was formerly a member of the
class of '44. (D. V. omits class nu~
morals because “after all, this isn't
the Alumni Quarterly".)

flow one man can keep in con—
tact with almost 10'.‘ men and
handle his classes besides is hard to
understand. Btit D. V. manages it.
Surely many poor, lonely soldiers
have been cheered by just one such
missivc from Albany.

Installment three of Smith's Ser—
vice Sll'L‘Lllili' is scheduled for
'l‘haitksgiving. And if you doubt
the validity of D. V.'s news. just
amblc into his ofliee some day and
you'll see his subjects and sources
of information in the rows of shop-
shots lining the wall.

Faculty
(Continued from Page 1, Col it

Miss Esther Sttillmnn, Professor of
Library Science. finished work oii
her doctorate in Library Science
during the summer, at the Univer—
sity of Chicago. M. Annette Dob—
bin, Instructor in French, received
the degree of Doctor of Modern
Languages from lVliddIebury College.
Proficiency iii three languages,
lt‘i'eiieh, Spanish and (.iL‘l‘llIItll is
necessary for this degree. Dr. Dob—
bin is one of five III the United
States who hold this degree, and
the litli‘d to obtain the degree with
French as the major subject. Miss
Margaret l'ltiyes, Assistant Professor
of Education, was granted the doc—
iortite by 'l‘eziehers College, Colum—
bin University, last spring.

Di‘, Carleton 15. Power, formerly
Professor of Science, has become
Professor of Physics, fill iig the
position left In] en by the l'l .iremeiit
of Dr. Clarence l". lliilt‘. Dr. l.ouis‘(‘.
.lones. formerly instructor iii Eng—
lish, has become nit Assistant Pro-
fessot‘ in that depai'tnietit, Dr.
littlpli (i. Clmtseit, formerly Assist—
tini Professor of Science. was tid—
vuiieed to the position of Professor
of the Biological Sciences lll the
professorship left vat-tint by Dr.
Power,

Mr. Wilfred l’. Allard returns to
lVliltie High School as Supervisor of
l"l'ellt'li. Mr. Allard has been doing
advanced study at Cornell Univer-
sily.

When Mrs, Franklin 1). Roosevelt
recently received ti doctor of laws
degree from Washington college,
Chestertown, MIL, it was the first
time the college awarded tin lion-
oi‘ury degree to a woman.

SEB Reaches New Record

In Placement of Teachers

Draft, Defense Jobs
Open Many Positions

Reaching back info the available
supply of teael'tcrs from the last six
graduating classes, the Student Em-
ployinei‘ti. Bureau has placed the
greatest number of teachers in any
similar period in its history. Mr.
Paul G. Bulge-r, director of the bu—
reau, says, “This is due to the fac
that most of the men teachers who
would have been employed in teach-
ing jobs are now either in vital de-
fense work or with the armed forces,
and there is an increasing number
of places to ﬁll from men teachers
being drafted." There are left less
than a dozen qualiﬁed teachers to
fill positions in the cotning months.

Of the 19412 graduating class, Mau-
ritz Johnson, Thomas Augustine,
Howard Reig, and Harry Passow are
the only men teaching. Fifty of
those remaining are in military ser—
vice and two are doing advanced
work. Of the women, seventy—two
are teaching, twenty-three are in
iion—icacl'tiiig‘ jobs, and twelve are
available for teaching.

Below is it list of those placed by
the bureau in the past several
months, the place teaching and sub—
jects taught:

Carolyn Simonct, Camden, lati-
guagcs: H. Elizabeth Jones, New York
City, Library; Virginia I-louglaiid, New-
ington. Library; Katiriii ’I‘crvu, WIilkill,
Social Studies; Walter Reynolds,
Schenectady. government work; Ger-
aldine Grinter. Germtintown, English,
Library; Armedc Blnek, ’I‘tconderogti.
lstigltsh, Commerce; F‘ruiiees Grticetl'o.
Verona, Science; Stitlye Zilln. Sclicnec.
ttizly, General Electric Company; Dor-
othy Miller, Vcromt, Commerce; Mary
Irving, Lafayette, Math, Science;
Helen Jackson, Schenectady, General
Electric Company; Arlene Stictlcr. East
Springfield. Social Studies, English,

Edith Kupp, Lyoi Falls, French,
Lut.n; Florence Curtlss, Dover Plains,
English, Librtii'y; Mary Elizabeth El-
soii. North Rose, English, French;
Lucy Whig, Bttllston Spa, Library;
Virginia Thomas, Schenectady, Gott-
I-rIIl Electric Company; Blanche Ru-
pert, Youngsvillc. Math, Science:
Stanley KuilmIIiI, Hartford, Math,
Science; MItt'ion Leary, Northvllle.
Commerce. Social Studies; Mary CI‘Ir-
pcnter, West Lcydcn, Math; RII-hel
Lee. Voorheesville. French, English,
Library; Agnes Bullion, North Syru-
euse, Commerce,

Wnlter Daniels, Sag lllli'lJIl', Math,
Commerce; Anne (,‘llﬁlllllitll, l-lilisdnlu.
Math. Commerce; Harold Reissig, Del-
lllltl', Math; Dorothy Brooks, Albany,
Accounting; Agnes Bennett. Riehburg,
Mntli, Science; June Real. Bellmot'e,
English; Catherine Phelttn. Ftibitts,
English. Colllllll‘l't‘t': IVIIIrgaret Hotttl-
lllt’,. New Lebanon. (‘oiiiiiiei'i-e; Ellen
Pctlersoii. New York City. Library;
Doris Sturtze, Marcellus, Social
Studies, Junior High; ltlllll'i'ilil Ser-
vIItius, llonII-r, English, Hot-tail Studies;
Viiginlii Lay. Homer. Commerce. Mitr—
caret lI‘ui'ey, lvliileriam, ('(tllliili‘l‘(1‘,
Biology.

Jeanne SeliiiiIII-liteiIliui'g, Roxhui'y.
Commerce; Eclwiird 'l‘rlbe, Delmar.
Grades and Principal; Mary Menibtiii.
Wilson, (.‘otiimei'ee; Knthlceii Greeti—
ileld, New York City, Library; Ray-
iiiottti Carroll, Pttltiiyt'n. Science; Bur-
Dill‘it Bush. L‘Iistletoii. Social Studies:
Noreen Williams, Schenectady. (len-
ei'IIl Electric Company; Herbert Bailey.
ls'ast (ireenbush, Science: Charlotte
llliclt vck. Detcvan. English, Latin.
lI‘reneh; Beulah Gifford. POI'L Henry.
English.

Doris Barrett, Narrowsburg, English,
:s'oi-IIII Studies. Library; Mnry Ozmon.
Niii'i‘owsbui'g, Commerce. English; Isn-
bctle Killigi‘ew. Wayland, English.
French. Bernice Hull, Schenectady,
Genet-III lu‘leetrte Company; Doi‘OIIiy
lltittttlit'i'iy hlttl'ilil, Schenectady. (len-
eI'IIt ltilectrii- (.‘ompany. Aldeiiiie E.;IIII.
llt‘lll‘lt'liti. Iﬂitizltsh. l"i'('lli'll litittti.
l‘illlttlil‘lli l'etlley. llowiisvtlle. lt‘rcinh.
Latin. History, Iletty ('lltlllitllt‘n
llowiisviile. English, Librtiiy, Killi~
ertni- lttehartls, WIIrth-k. littilll, Elie,—
tish. IIJI'IIIII Inglis. West l.I-_\'Iieii, t'om-
iiiei'ce. lVltIi'le t‘rttiiiei', Albany, Book-
keeping. (‘htirlotte Htiitlord, West Ley-
\lf.'ll. l"|'i'llt'li. English, Mnry McCull,
llIIvt-IIII. English. Library, Evelyn
Hiiitth, Verona, Social Studies. Spell—
tiiII, Htietiee

l‘ill‘.-'.:ll)l‘lll Gilmore. Phelps, Social
Hilltllt'h, ltosciiini‘y McGuire. Addison,
English. Libriii'y' Evelin Miller, t‘on—
stttblevtlle. English. liibi‘IIt'y; Mﬂl'l'
Dunning, Leltoy. MIItli; llelcn Kloss.
l.1\‘liit'..si0ll Manor, English; June
Iltiusiialtet'. East. Greeiibusli. Stielul
Studies: Kay Lynch, MIIssI-nu. Eng—
lish, l'IleIIiIor CliIIiiibers, Schenectady,
Selling; P'i'ttneis Sinioiiiii, Wtit‘llCi'b'.
Math. Dittiitt From, ItIIvenII. substt~
titte. llowiird lieig, Arkport. Com-
merce; Josephine ’l‘t‘tiiiilittll. Schenec-
tIttIy, General Electric Company; MII-
ttelme (il‘llll\\’lll(l, (longer-*5. CUHUIIW‘UL‘L

 

Cobb Discloses
Personnel Changes

Miss Mary l3. Cobb, College Li-
IrtII-ian, (IIISCl)SC.l yesterday the
changes in the library personnel this
year. Mrs. Louice t-i'essnoy Water-
man is substituting for Mrs Susie
Ropa, and Mrs John Quincy Adams
is taking the place of Mrs. Marion
N. Waters, who is on leave. Mrs.
Marion Lutz, whose husband has be-
come head of the chemistry depart-
ment at Hofstra College, Long
Island, is resigning, effective Sep-
tember 30. Her successor has not
as yet been chosen.

Outside of redecorating the li-
brary offices and washing the win-
dows, there have been no physical
changes in the library itself. Many
books recommended by the faculty
for collateral reading were bought,
btit few books for leisure reading
were purchased.

The library will continue its
policy of closing in the evening for
the "duration." It will be open
from 9 A. M. until 5:30 P. M., and
not 6 P. M. as was the policy last
year.

Ilcleii Barron. Shelter Island. C‘Om-
incree; Virginia Pollicmus, Fleisch-
intitins. Commerce; Ann Norbcry,
Marathon; William Griiﬁth. Morris.
Principal: M. E. Horn. Stratroi'd,
French, English; Mary Powers, Coey-
mans. Commerce.

Norma DiLiiura, Bull'tilo, Commerce;
Robert Dooliiii, Vttliitie, Math. Science;
Phyllis Espostto. Dexter, Commerce;
Doris Anderson, Chautauqua, English,
Library: George Noonun, Otcgtt, Social
Studies: Charles Mummct'y, Marion,
Math, Science; Luella Hess, Mt.
Klsco, Miitli; George Decker, North-
vIllc, Math; Shirley Kyle, Bendir Alr-
port; Jane Williams Thomas, Green—
ville; Theodora Hoornbeck, South
Kortriglit, English; Frances Wood,
Ludlowvtllc. Math, Science; Harriet
Swallow, Verona. English; Margaret
Lcdbctter. Schenectady, General Elec-
tric. Company; Marjorie Tymeson,
Mitrgtit'etvllle, Commerce, language;
Matilda Batter. Margaretville. Com-
merce: Edna Austin, Van Hornesvillc;
Kathryn Snyder, Narrowsbtirg, Math.
Commerce: Georgia Milieu, VIIlIttie,
Commerce; Larry Davis, Castleton,
Principal: Dorothy Crowe, Fort Ann.
Math, Science.

Margaret; MeCItnn, Mussenn; Mary
O‘Fitrrcll. Middletown, English; Mn-
tilda Gulotti. Homer, Social Studies.
[“reneh; Bertha Petit, Sag Harbor,
Latin, Sociiil Studies; Patricia Golden.
Mcehantcville, Library; Edwin Dyke.
Avon, Science: Doris Munroe, Frank-
ltnvllle. Latin, French; Mildred Swain.
Brasher Falls, French, Latin. English;
Gladys Rector, Schohiiric. Social
Studies; Mary (‘Iitlittrliio Hudson, Kn-
toiitili, Social Stitches, History C; Alice
Pucker, Vestal. Mtitli: I'lllflil Grou-
I):Ir_t., Cougars, Social Stitches: Edgar
O'lIlll'li. Yorktown Heights: Mnry
'l‘raiiior. Wappiiigers Pulls, English;
Mary McIntosh. South Kortright; Mar—
jorie Gaylord, Marlon. Math; Ruth
I'ltsgcii, Argyle. Library; Isabel Me~
CIIIinbcll. Bridgehamton. English.

Thomas Augustine, Bridgclinmpton.
Industrial Arts: Vurnice Ducll. South
Byron. Social Studies. Typing; Elinor
Decker. Port Leyden, F'rciieh. Latin;
Helen Decker. Port Jefferson, Span‘slt,
Littiii Beatrice Shel’clt, Ithaca, Social
Studies: Victoria White, Commerce:
Madeline Helmtr, lI/Itirg'nrctvtlle. So-
eiIIl Studies: Regina Crouch. C'litiu—
mont: Edith Davis. Homer. Socftil
Studies; Lots l'lll'll, Wnlktll. Mutli;
lllLii Spellintin. Moravia. Library. Eng-
lisli.

Mtirelii Bowdeii. Htiiem. Social
Studies; Ethel Little, Brecsport.
Science, Social Studi s Alberta Lee,
()i'tskttiiy, English; Helena Meshiiiie,
Monticello, Social Studies; Phyllis
I'ei‘i'y. Siiiigerties; Lots Willllllllh'.
l"l(‘lH('llIllilllH. English, Doris Dygert.
()tioiitittcti, Library; Katherine Hock.
itetl llook. Social Studies; Genevieve
Line. l\'l(illLL:()lll(‘l'I’, (‘oiiiiiiei‘ce: June
Kelley. lied llook, Science; (lei'uldliit'
('III'I‘Ull. Aiiistei'diim. liibi‘tti'y; Charlotte
Wright. Nashville. Assistant Dealt:
Joseph (‘Iipptello. Naples. Mary Brier—
ton, Hnrteon, Commerce: Ruth ’I‘ur-
I'ilIIl‘. Parish, English. Library,

l"l'tlllklyil Converse. Greenwich.
Science: Alice Carboy. Clllllt‘t)Oll, Eng-
lish. Library: Mary Markham. New
Hartford. English: Sophie Reuteiiitiucr,
Stony Point. MIItIi. Social Studies.
VerII ’l‘ci'poning, Seliuylervtllc. Eng-
lttsh; Selma Leis, Putnam Valley:
Dorothy ’l‘t'IIvcr. Romulus. Social
Studies; M. Piinghevlii. Deposit.
Science; ’I‘lieresit Hunt. East Islip.
Cotiimerce; Mary O'Donnell. Pearl
River. Commerce: lsubellc Mealt. Lan—
singburg, Science; Mary McCall, Rn-
vetni. English, Library: F‘Ity Selietu‘,
Pawling, Social Studies; Jeanette
Evans. Salem. English. Library

Dolores (ZlIiioIIiIIii, GeriiIIIIitown,

no: 3-

Clubs Organize

Year's Activities

Renewed War Interest
Encouraged by Forum

Newly elected ofﬁcers of State’s
various organizations have already
taken over their gavels and despite
adverse conditions. meetings have
already been planned.

This year SCA will welcome the
freshmen with its annual Frosh
Frolic, Club 446 and Frosh Chapel.
For communters, Club X will meet
again. Something new has been
added, too. Marriage, 8 subject of
vital importance to all students, will
be discussed in special programs
with guest speakers. Herb Brook,
’44 has been appointed the new social
director for the year.

MAA plans to change its entire
program this year due to conditions
brought on by the war. Other col-
leges have organized V programs
and MAA plans a similar one.

The WAA fall sports program will
begin Monday, September 21, with
hockey, archery, tennis and badmin-
ton. As usual, every girl must have
ten hours in a sport for credit to—-
ward numerals and a key.

Since George Kunz, ’43 its presi—
dent, has been drafted, Music Coun-
cil is undecided about plans for this
year. However, a meeting is plan-
ned for next week.

I) and A Council will present Nils
Hagner, a children’s illustrator,
sometime this fall. In March, its
guest artist will be Mady Chris—
tians, a star of the well known stage
play. “Watch on the Rhine” and
former leading lady of Maurice
Evans in “Macbeth.”

An unpublished manuscript of

Lord Byron, in which he presents
his impressions of Madame de Stael,
has been presented to the University
of Texas library.
Commerce; Ethel Appleton, Albany.
laboratory; Harriet DeForest, Schenec-
tady, General Electric Company;
Helen Pltman. Broadalbin, Commerce;
Leon Nettleton, Harrison, English,
Guidance; Margaret Grant, Des
Moines, W.A.A.C.; Sanford Livingston,
American Locomotive; Louise Laric-
ehio, East Islip, English; Anna Cat-
tutt, Youngsvllle, Commerce, English;
John Ogdon, Hosslck, Social Studies;
Muriel Rappaport, U. S. Signal Corps;
Jean Mitchell, Rye. English; Leonard
Quaiit, Spencerport, Commerce; Bur-
nice Duell, South Byron, Social
Studies, Typing; Wendell Weeks.
Brookltne, English; Josephine Autlllo,
ltoesslovllle. Social Studies; Elizabeth
Wheeler. Canton, Commerce.

Harry Passow, Stony Point, Math.
Science; Clare Greene. Plalnvllle,
Grades 5-8; Mina Larmon. Laurens.
Math, Science; Thelma Hall, Waverly.
Science; Gladys Brougliton, North
Creek, Latin, History; Marion Warner.
Lancaster, Commerce; Antoinette Va-
iIas-eo. Gtcnﬁeld, French. Social
Studies; (liiroiinc Raiiiiey, Bennlng-
ton. (.‘ominercc; Murle Fownler.
Ilrownville. Commerce; Page Mattice,
licnssclacr, General Airline; Louise
DeAtigClio. Westluke, Commerce; Mil-
dred Bodm, Oyster Bay, Latin, French;
Agnes Crouch, Central Isltp, English,
Library: Goldy Clopnmn. Sacket Har-
bor, Commerce; Helen Casliman. Hills-
ditle, Science; Ruth Stebiier. Ballston,
Grades 1-6; Genevieve Miles, Downs-
ville, Social Studies. Matti; Alice
BI-Iizdu. Deposit; Glenn Doull, Ripley,
Vice-principal, Social Studies; Helen
Credee. Monticello, Library; Ruth
Pearson. Often. Social Studies.

Geraldine Rubar, Hillsdnle, Social
Studies: Lee Ellinghorn, Spencer,
English. Social Studies: Margaretta
Smyth. Dobbs Ferry. Library; Mabel
Richardson, Georgetown, Science, Ll-
briu'y; Jenn Phillips, Peru, French,

English; Doris French, Uiitlei'liill,
French. English; Noreen Burrow,

Bertie, English. Social Studies; Paul
St'llllillZ, Port Washington, Commerce;
Eleanor CIIIltIhItii. Brier Hill; Francis
Dtineombc, VIIII lloi'iicsvtlle. Science;
Katharine Sttvulsky, Averill Park;
Mnry Bi'esltn. Amsterdam, clerk; Mnry
Wing, Seliiightteoke. l"l'ellCll, English;
Mitrte Metric, Des Motiies. W.A.A.C.

Pitt Miranda, Oswegiitchte. Prin-
cipIIt; Walter Schultz. supervisor tor
the American Rubber Company; 0.
'1‘, Webster, ’l‘uren. Commerce; Con-
stance ’l‘essler. 'l‘iconderogti: Elinor
Schlesinger, Mt. Upton, Math; Donald
Patten. MIIiiItIts, English Muster; Ger-
tIltItiII- I’Iettt. State Capital in Alu-
bItiIIII. Mrs. Ethel Ellis, Nichols, Com~
inert-e; Ailll Monaghun. Harpersville,
MIIth. Liitin; Kathryn Wilson, Bell
Aircraft. industry; Stii'uli Pine. Greeti-
wich, Social Studies; Henrietta
Abrnmovitz, Crown Point. Commerce;
Ruth Frost. Schenectady. General
Electric Company; Gladys Armstrong,
Corinth, Social Studies; Mary Bren-
nan. Mt. Upton, English. H'story'.
Ralph 'l‘Ibbetts, Pawllng. Science;
Walter Rogers. Albany, Math; Gizella
Hummer, Leltoy, German. Latin.

 

      

  
  
   
    
  
 
  
   
  
     
    

 
 
  
    
    
    
  
    
   

    
      
  
  
   
     
    
    

  
 
    
     
  
   
   
    
  
      
    
 
   
    
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
   
   
   
    
      
   
    
   
    
    
      
  
  
  
   
    
 
  
    
 
  
  
     
     
    
 

  
   

 

