 
  
   
   
  
  

 

 

stars cosmos Hews, may, Assn-.19, 1m

 

. . » . V ’
.sme comes. NEWS
'  Mamm
by the Club of 1918
‘ FI'I'dIIy, April 10, 1942 N0. 23
 m 601%?!)qu
The under nduste newspaper of the New York State Col-

 h‘ rs nbllshed every Friday of the. college
'y'e'n':  th:.§li.WS l,Bonrd for the student Association.

Phonon Office 5-9378: Dorrsnce, 8-2843; Holstein, 5-2815:
Grnnnld, assists.

 

 

no or
Noticed Advertising Service. Inc.
also: W ROM-mun

430 Maul-on Ave. Now You. N. Y.
cmuo - loom - us Alum - no moor-es

The News Board

[DWIN J. HOLO‘I‘IIN — - - - Inlron-m-cnrsr
WILLIAM R. DORRANCI - — co-lDITol-lN-CHIIF
A. HAIRY PAIIOW - - - MANAGING EDITOR
MADILINI GRUNWALD - - nunmlu MAN/loll
HARRIET DIFORIIT — - anvmmnma "amen
ALLIN IIMMONI - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARI. MITCI-IILI. - - — - IPOITI IDITOI
FLORA CAIPARV — - - "occur: IDITOI
MURIII. ICOVILL - - — AIIOCIA'I'I zorroll
DAVID ILAVIN - - - - AIIOCIATI :nrron

 

 

ISSUE EDITORS
SOPHOMORE DESK EDITORS

4."

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEG NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications,
as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its view.

'Lest We Forget,

Keep out of the rut, State College! With
the busiest season of the college year coming
up, it is a natural thing for students to lose
sight of the major issues of the day. Elec-
tions, Moving-Up Day, ﬁnals, and graduation
tend to capture interest and enthusiasm. In
normal times, such events automatically and
rightly take ﬁrst place. But this is 1942. We
are students in a nation at war. There are
extra demands on our time, our energies, our
minds.

Under the guidance of the War Activities
Council, State Students have entered whole-
heartedly into a program keyed to the spirit
of today. In the victory classes, covering
nearly every phase of war work, there is a
high percentage of students enrolled. At
two points within the college, war-savings
stamps and bonds are on sale. State College
is geared to a war-time way of life.

It was a relatively simple step to shift to
an altered method of operation. It would be

equally simple to fall back into the old sys-

tem, where the student’s world is bound by
the college campus and its activities. And
this is the very thing that we at State must
avoid.

Despite college budgets and nominations,
the world is still in a state of conﬂict. War
activities go on, requiring the same amount
of support and effort. With Sophomore Soiree
slated for tonight, the victory stamp corsage
again makes its bid for support. The idea, in-
troduced at Junior Prom, was far from suc-
cessful. Students either were too reluctant
to give up the conventional flowers or re-
garded the campaign as a “freak” stunt.
Neither attitude has a place in a nation at
war. If we aren’t ready to give up the little
things, how will we react when big sacri-
ﬁces are in order?

Other colleges are taking life seriously.
One college eliminated flowers at one of its
formals and bought ﬁve hundred dollars'
worth of war savings stamps. Many
schools, too, have started blood banks, the
students giving a pint of their blood, and
thus establishing a life-saving reservoir. A
few State students have done likewise at the
Albany Hospital; there is no reason why
others cannot donate their blood to a worthy
cause. State has done well, but it can do
better.

The motto 0f the day is still "All out for
Victory." The war fronts of the world are
still blackened by shot, shell, and falling
bombs. Let’s not belittle our part in the con-
ﬂict. We DO have a deﬁnite part, and a
working program whereby we can make our

efforts to the best advantage. Let’s not fail
in carrying it out.

 

 

 

 
 
   
  
  

 

5lhoer.

 

 

 

“Shes the sovmg type "

 

 

WM 440%

 

by Feigenbaum

 

The Japanese have definitely by-passed Australia and are concen-
trating their efforts on a two-headed drive on India. They are attempt-
ing to drive through British and Chinese lines in Central Burma to
reach the eastern provinces of India where a large Japanese ﬁfth-
column was recently uncovered. Hoping to completely demoralize the
conference between Sir Stafford Cripps and the Indian leaders. the
Japs launched an attack against the island of Ceylon off the south-
eastern tip of India. But Ceylon was ready for them, and in the matter
of four days they shot down 137 Jap planes and sunk 20 Jap ships.
This means that the rising sun had set for approximately 30,000

Japanese soldiers.

Outnumbered 20 to 1, pounded unceasingly by enemy planes, and
facing a foe who is driving ahead regardless of losses, General Wain-
wright's small army on the Bataan Peninsula was defeated. Wainwright
arriving at Corregidor, radioed the War Department that Bataan was

lost. Corregidor will still light on.

Activity on the Russian front has come to a virtual standstill caused
by the spring thaw which brings bottomless mud bogs. However, gigantic
air battles are taking place all along the front, and these should last for
about two more weeks, after which both armies are expected to open up
with everything they have. This is the crucial battle of the war.

The Germans had concentrated strong naval units in Norwegian ports
in order to cut the allied supply route to the Russian port of Murmansk,
and they attempted to destroy the port itself with heavy air bombings.
British, American, and Russian naval and air units defeated all Nazi

attacks.

The British are finally on the offensive on the Western front. British
Commando units attacked the Norwegian ports of Trondheim and
Narvik. But the most devastating attack was on the French port of
St. Nazaire which the Germans had been using as a submarine base.
The British destroyed the docks. installations, and most important they
destroyed the locks which make the port useless until they are repaired.

 

SOph Silhoueffes

 

 

Do you want somebody to work
for you, entertain you, answer a
problem for you? Don’t look any
farther then, the Sophomore class
can supply the person. The class
which has broken all traditions at
State holds on to one ideal—the
members stick together and are
very proud of the outstanding per-
sonalities in the class. When they
start to talk about the kids who do
things and set paces for the rest
of the school they’re pretty sure to
mention these:

Pat Carroll, who manages to do
everything well, and efficiently. A
swell President with the complete
respect of the class. And luscious
Pat Latlmer and Kay Doran who
uphold the standards of beauty for
the class. Brown-eyed Georgia Har-
desty. who sees that the class gets
publicity quietly and faithfully; the
very feminine athletes, Mary Do-
mann and Kit Herdlnan. And Rich
Young and Bob Combs see that
the men held their own in State,
and very well. too!

Perhaps you’re looking for stu-
dents who will work night after
night on a paper or activity with
faithfulness and energy? Take your
choice among these: Busy, beautiful
Baxter, the sophisticato of the P.O.,
who writes well besides, and irre-
pressible Skolsky. always there if
you need him, Aney. good in the
drama and literary field, anxious to
help in any new activity which will
help State, Aungst, who dances like
a dream. and conceals an enviable
business head behind those spark-
ling eyes, and Serabian, and Shay,
always working, never wanting
credit, but gaining the respect of
the whole school in their modest

by Rhona Ryan ——_—

way. Plus Stcngel and “Gravel”.
who are right on the ball all the
time. And don't forget the acid-
tongued Kiley, or that swell guy,
Ray Verrey. who works like a demon
for any class function. and Fred
Beyer too. The whole activity office
gang is a swell one.

If you're looking for artistic talent
stop right here. There's Honey
Schoen, bubbling over with puns
and qulps and fun, writing skits and
planning entertainments, and the
glamorous Studebaker. probably the
most competent actress in the class
and unexcelled in pantomime. Then
Sodei'lind and White and Ashworth,
McFeeley and Snow can handle any
sort of a part pretty magnificently.
And no one can overlook the in-
comparable Barselou who steals
whole plays from the best actors
at State.

In music we have Snow, who
saved the day by learning his part
for “Plnafore” in one day last year,
and know his classics inside out.
and his pal, Marshall.

As for studies. well, there‘s Wires-
loff who makes Dean's list from
force of habit. Dick Delts, Wil—
lloms, Fisher. Baird, and a host of
others who make classes a pleasure
for the faculty.

And for glamour. oh boy. just
count them off—Sovik, Lichtwart,
Latlmer, Studebaker, Hardesty, Bax-
ter . . . practically everyone in the
class deserves a mention for that.
It's a temptation not to mention
everyone in the class. since every
member has done something to de-
serve praisc. but I'll Just have to
trail oft. murmuring. “What a class,
what a class!"

 

...v_

 

By Herb Lonelrer- -‘

The Standard Oil Company, in developing synthetic
rubber, took the old adage "too many cooks spoil the

broth" too seriously. . .

ADDED SIMILES . . .

As haughty as a pullman

porter walking through a day coach . . .

All soldiers-to-be, with a slight aversion to mud,
will now have an opportunity to learn more about
their chances of avoiding too intimate a contact with
the good earth. In case you haven’t read it elsewhere.
Uncle Sam is sending one of his Air Corps officers
here today and every Friday noon to answer any
questions of our air-minded stugents. You will ﬁnd
himinRoom 1,1asinl-A...

Where 0h Where Are The Gay Young Sophomores . . .

The Irish have st. Patrick's day and the class of ’44
has the sophomore edition of the new . . . Now all
the outstanding sophomores are not to be found clut-
tered about a wheel, or lounging about the publications
office (the GHQ for those “in the know") . . . Some
credit must go to those who have given up the hurried
leisure of college to protect the blessings of the Amer-
ican way of life, and so we proudly present and pay
tribute to those on the Honor Roll of the class of ‘I,/,.

BILL FORREST . . . tall, blonde . . .

would have

been President of his class but for a revival of tin
feminist movement . . . defeated by three votes. Al
present, with the rest of the marines. he's remember—

ing Wake Island . . .

VAN SCHULZE . . . glamour boy about State . .
and what is more noteworthy, well liked by everyone.
Van is in the department that flies the planes than
our Victory savings stamps buy . . . Keep him flying
. . . Not content to fight in one war, he recently got

married . . .

BILL MURRAY . . . tail, whimsical, reminded you
somewhat of James Stewart. Bill left last year to
enter West Point, where he is learning to keep 'em

marching . . .

JOE McCABE . . the small, dark and dynamic for—
ward of last year's frosh basketball team. Joe is
stationed at Maxwell Field . . . the State College of

the aviation cadet . . .

STAN LEVEN . . . medium height, blonde . . . were
glasses . . . A pleasant guy, the type you like to have
around . . . Interested in tennis. During the summer,

Stan entered the service.
Support Doug’s Dance

Give the boys a boost by coming to the MacArthur
dance in the Ingle Saturday night . . . show that we

are behind them 100% . . .

and enjoy yourself while

you are helping the cause . . .

A perfect evening at the Elysian fields of 221
Ontario street . . . soft lights . . . sweet music . . . and
while you’re whispering witty or clever things into the
ear of the reason your heart beats in overtime . . .
some soldier is getting a break, ’cause you're providing

a few more bullets for him . .

handy . . .

. which may come in

After all, if Schenectady can give the Battier 0f
Bataan 5 tanks, State College ought to be able to
outﬁt a couple of rowboats . . .

The Corsage Question

Buy a flower for the girl's hair, and buy stamps
for the gown (arranged perhaps in V shape). Thus
two birds, or better Japs, will be eliminated with one
stone. Your girl will still enjoy the flattering, fragrant
addition of a flower in her hair, and will wear as well
a V of victory stamps—to help others who won't be
able to be dancing in the security we now enjoy.

We've got to remember that any purchase of
stamps helps to ward off the not impossible horror
of an allied defeat. After all, this war is more serious.
and on a larger scale than an intramural tournament.
or even the all-out sickening scramble sometimes

alluded to as rushing . . .

The Weekly Bulletin

(NNH'IGIIA'i‘iVIG HOUSES
Slum-ms who uro infur-
os’led in living,r in n cooper»
nllvu house noxl. your are
asked to secure nn nppllcm
lion blunk I'roln lilo office ol'
the limo of‘ Women lmmo~
dlnloly and return if lo this
office by tomorrow. Slu~
dents who wish of Ibis lime
to Iililll‘fi‘li‘ u preference for
l'oopor llouso, Morolnnd
Hall, or file new .luulpol's
may do so on the ilppllvu‘
lion hlnuk.
Horn ’l‘. liolnincy.
llcnn of Women.
NAVY EXAMINATION
'l‘ln- I'Uiillii'i‘Ili'liHlVI‘ crum-
in:ll|ou originally Hi'llmlillod
in In' Kll’I‘li Alil'll Il'l, “NE,
in sophomore Hllllll'lilrl on
lisling ln Iln- Navy‘s \’l
lll'l’l'i‘lIIIt'll mill-go program,
will In- glwn on May I.
lill‘J. 'l'llls osulnluullou will
hr of lhrov hours durnllon.
l"oI‘ l'urlln'i' inl'ormnllon mm
llvnn Nelson.
M. (l. Nelson,
Dunn of Students.
Hl'lll
Su-nlors and graduate slu-
lIi‘lllh intern-sled in investi-
gilllug n posslllillly ol’hnu
ploynioul I” file Hillli' ol'
Vermonl should inuulro of
iIil‘ Slmiu-nl lihnploynn-nl
lilil’l‘lill offici- for further
information. This lm'ludos
ju-oplo certified in holli the
ell-nn-nlury und sm-ondnry
doporlnn-uls of l'omnwri-o.
M u l h o m u l in s, Science,
From-h, and Latin.
l'uul Iluigor,
Director.

 

ﬁl‘lli

'i‘llol‘o nro openings l'ol
men illilI \vonwn ('llllllM‘lol'k
:II n romp for nmlvrprn
llogod children .‘ll I'Inrln
ville. 'l'llosl- lnlorvslwl so:
Miss I'llsn lliilgwuy or Mr
William Iii-sim-r :il ’l‘riniu
Iuslllnlo, 'I‘rinlly l‘lm-v. :I|I\
IIIlii' from II in 5 vxm-lil SA!
nl'xlny and Sunday. 'l'lw
glrls' ('iililli um-ds n I’m
llllllli'H l'ullnHi-iui', Nulni'v
counselor. and possibly .I

\vnlol'l'ronl l'illillN‘lul‘.
I'uui Iiulgr-r,
Iilri-r'lor.

HUI‘IAI. ('.\ I.I'5Vll;\ii

.\pr|l In S I‘ .\ l‘ Ii o r n~
Lounge, ll..‘lll i‘ .\l

April It! Soph Soil-w. .\uI
:Inin i‘lnll. In I' .\l

April ll (loin-mi \l.‘n'.\l
lhnr liuy donor. l’n-iu
Hull, NJlil l' .\l

.\|il'll ll “'1'le Hull for
null, \“I'l'li llnll. ii I‘ \l

April ll Signnnl I..llltl <
linnqm-I

April ll lf'ornnl nm-HH.
Lounge, ll ill! l‘ .\f

.ipril If» i) A .\ pru-mrnm

llilll ul' lilll‘lulil Mllllmu
I'nlzl- llull lilillllul'llilll
H;.'lii PM.

April If» ln-lmln- ('onm.l
moi-ling, lioom 30. Hill!
l'\i

.\|Irll lil IIIIIl‘l mun-[inn
Lounge, llzilll i' .\l,

.ipi'll Iii l‘lloul l‘iuh IIIl'i‘I
lug, lloom 1:50, 7 l'.l\l.
Api‘ll Iii -» l‘ommuroo (‘lnln
bouquet, ilerhorl‘s, ll l'.M.

 

  

some =

Ship ahoy, ye landlubbers i Naughtiiy—we mean nauticaIIy—speaklng,
frosh camp broke the champagne bottle of welcome over the bow of the
8.8. ’44; and thus the Sophomore class embarked upon its maiden voyage.

d it was a maiden voyage in more ways than one, when Maid Carroll
took the helm to steer straight to the port of Rivalry Victory.
The voyage was long and rough according to the ship’s log as
. kept by Kay Doran. On thumbing through the pages, we recalled
some of the thrills on the high C’s of State.

NOVEMBER 10, 1940: A storm has been brewing all
day. It ﬁnally broke tonight on the top deck of Draper when
enemy ship SS. ’43 drew up along portside and tried to
take wind out of our sails. A hardy battle ensued and
we were surrounded. The Myskania life-saving crew,
however, hauled in the sails, but the yellow tide rose
to greater heights.

I JANUARY 15, 1941: Today the decks of
gym were swabbed in good order by and with
the crew. The decks shone brilliantly despite
the fact that the mops used were 43 years

old. Seaman Kit Herdman was in charge
of the clean-up job.

MAY 9, 1941: Rumors all week
of a stowaway on board hip. Crew
have been keeping a lookout. To
night Seaman Hank Ruback,
lounging in the fo’castle found
the dear little stranger. Crew

adopted it.

M A Y 1 5, 1 9 4 1:

Around about 8 bells,
the watch sited a
glimpse o f la n d
amidst calm seas.

Our weary crew

w o u l d wel-

come a n y

port in a

storm

     

» P L 

Closer observance revealed it to be a native island. "   _f'
dancing girls came aboard ship, and put on a show. one enjoyed Ii nay-
elty, but one of the higher ship officers left the deck.   ere,
isn’t it? t"  ‘
MAY 16, 1941: Remained in port only for day visit. In need of
repairs, refueling and the like. Chose Maid Carroll captaianoi-jdge
ond term (senatorial courtesy, also garconial courtesy). Changed
first mate though. Seaman Latimer offered better position on
8.8. Association. Found Seaman Young to take her place. (A
little green yet, but should be richly. warmed up In time to
take command of next year’s dance.)
Crew thought the days of Indians had past, but one
seaman got temporarily scalped by savage pirates.
Dandruff, removed; dander up.

Closed the day with community sing. Seaman
Elgin wrote new song that won everyone’s acclaim.

Homeland almost in sight to end first

quarter (pardon, we mean ﬁfth) of voyage.

Won race with 8.8. ’43.

ANY OL’ TIME IN JUNE: Began

polishing everything—including apples

—-for ﬁnal inspection. Certain parts

rusty after long voyage. Crew re-

viewed by Admiral Nelson.

Will stay at port for a few

months. Need to recuperate

from effects of voyage. This

business is no cinch.

To return to the sea:

After weighing anchor

in June SS. ’44 took
time out for a few
months. It’s re-
markable what

a new paint

job can do,

for t h a t

Septem-
ber

    
   

 

   
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
  

In the center picture, left to right: Allan 'i‘crho.
'l‘rcusurcr; Kay ilornn. Secrelni'y; i’ulririn ('nn'oll,
l'rcsldcnt; Itlclnnond Young, Vice—l'rcsldcnf.

I‘llufo I)“ liluluu .s

Ilcnding clocluvisc: Sophomore Desk Editors, 'l‘rece
Anny, Janet Baxter, Kay Iloran. lietty Graveile, ()snif
Seruhlun, Jeannette Shay, Bernard Skolsky, and Mary
Belly Sicilgcl.

Photos by Central Stud/o

SS. '11 set “Iv/m full speed Anmzons to further increase drew close for nnolhcr cn- 'Nuli' said about rivalry. furs from all ports.
ahead in a race wilb her new- no a s s wolvcrinc-ism. A n d counlcr. Scnmnn Snow and l.el's get down to brass lacks, The whole crew of’ the 8.8.
est sisler ship the S.S. ’15. there’s always Ilob (‘onibsx I‘llgin were in charge of" our or rather Soiree lax. The ’44 is working hard to make
From this lookout lower, it November, Iii-ll: liespile oliack. Enemynilcmplcd sub- whole [loci and merchant nui- this the best dance on board
hardly seems like a race, and the skillful navigation of 'l‘ur- olnge on imlividunl members rine is expected lo turn out ship. Cooks Sheen. Verrey.
we don’t have in worry about fall—we mean (lnri’ull—lhc of crew. Lulimcr, Sovik, l'or lhis Sailor’s Shindig. ’l‘bc Studebaker, Lichtwart, and
a photo finish. (This is the the only bottles ’-15 won were (:arroll, Skolsky, Young. and slrnins of" liiidshipniun (la- Wirosloli'. are working with a
Still/lulllrn‘r' issue, remember?) verbal, nol naval. Why don't (omhs, but ilwse luu'dy suil- i-luo’s sailor’s hornplpe w1l| relish. See you at Soiree!
l‘he gobs of the 8.8. ’45 are they use all fins bol air to orswcalhered the storm. Ye.» lure lhe mermaids from the The Blokes on was k“
a rather scurvy let, their only sail their own schooners '.’ puser say: They who splf In mm'als ol’ the iioul, and the 90
contribution being 202 more March 6, 1942: The enemy wind. exbccl-io-rate. low cost of the bids will lure

 

  
     

   
 
 
    
   
 
  
   
  
   
  
    
  
 
   
  
  
     
  
  
    
 
 

   
    
  
  
   
  
    
   
 
   
  
  
     
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
 

   
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
     
  
  
  
  
  
     
   
  
  
    
       
  
  
  
  
    

     
  
 
   
   
 
  
 
 
   
 

      

