‘>$wd¥hl‘4vim2rw

 

 

 STATE .coLLEG: news
' Emanuel M‘.y,191¢
by the Class of 1918

Vol. XXVI Friday, January 30, 1042 No. 15
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate neWspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: ouiee. 5-9373; Dorranee, 3-2843; Holstein. 5-2815;
Grunwaid, 3-0533.
Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postoﬂice.

 

NIP-IIINTID '0' NATIONAL ADVIIfI-INC '7

National Advertising Semce, Inc.
College Publishers Representative

420 MADIION Ave. New YORK. N. V.

culcuo - Iosrol I Loo AIIILII ' SAR Funcuco

The News Board

EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN —- — - — EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
WILLIAM R. DORRANCE — - CO-EOITOR lN-CHIEF
A. HARRY PABBOW — - — MANAGING EDITOR
MADELINE GRUNWALD — — BUSINESS MANAGER
HARRIET DEFOREST - - ADVERTISING MANAGER
ALLEN SIMMONS — - CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL — - SPORTS EDITOR
FLORA GASPARY — ASSOCIATE EDITOR
MURIEL SCOVELL - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
DAVID SLAVIN — ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ANDREW TAKAS — ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

 

All communications should be addressed to the edit0r and
must he signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions. expressed in its columns or communications‘.
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

Scraps For Defense

Plans formulated by the War Activities
Committee for a “Waste Paper Campaign”
are fast reaching completion. Since the Col-
lege Defense Council has no money with
which to carry on its work, waste paper saved
by individuals and group houses could be
collected and sold, the income used for de-
fense work.

Once plans have deﬁnitely been crystallized
and the campaign formally initiated, it is the
duty of each student to cooperate to the full-
est possible extent. But in order to make
the campaign an overwhelming success, start
saving now! Aid to the College Defense Pro-
gram, is aid to the defense program of the
nation as a whole. Waste paper is not much
to ask or give.

. For Greater Efficiency

For weeks the Publications Office has been
deluged each Friday afternoon and Monday
morning by people seeking their copies of the
News. No copies have been available for
them because none were left. One copy of
the NEWS is printed each week for every
holder of a student tax card; and everyone
with a student tax card is entitled to a
NI-zws. But undue advantage has been taken
of the libe ‘al circulation policies of the Board.

To insure a fair distribution of the paper,
perfected cards will be handed to every
holder of a student tax ticket anytime this
week. Tables will be set up on Friday opposite
the Hygiene office, in the rotunda of Draper
Hall, and on the balcony of the Commons
where the new cards may be obtained. The
NI-iws will be distributed from those three
points every Friday at the close of assembly.

No student may obtain a copy of the
NEWS without presenting the properly dated
stub.

War Basis Policy

Today, as the United States settles back
on its feet to prepare for the greatest var
effort in its history, the college newspaper
assumes a greater function than ever before.

Daily, many letters of interest to the stu-
dents of State College pour into the Pub—
lications Office, pointing out what other
Colleges are doing, what the government is
doing in the line of training, and what civil
service openings are being made for people
with training. It is the thought of the Niaws
that this sort of information is of great
value to our readers and it will attempt to
devote as much space as possible to it with-
out neglecting the “local” news.

Comments on this policy and suggestions
for new wartime news coverage by this paper
will be welcome.

SIAIE‘COLLEGE’ saws, FR‘IDAY,IJANUARYV so, 1942

By Herb Leneker

“State College men, whether
‘alums’ or undergraduates, who are
ﬁghting for their country, shall not
be forgotten by those back here,
who also serve.”

In his write-up of “Gordy” Rand,
Wendell Cady expressed Rand's de-
sire to fly in the Air Corps. Friends
will be interested to know that the
former editor of the “Echo” and the
“Lion” is now stationed at Max-
well Field as an Aviation Cadet in
the pre-flight school.

“Combat in the air seems to me
the cleanest form of fighting in a
dirty busineSs destined to produce ‘a
decent world.” Thus he ekplained
his reason for transfer, further as-
serting his wish to fly in offensive
action, not only to defend liberty.
but to establish it for all time.

Rand hopes his sentiment does
not sound like an idealistic news-
reel, and he may rest assured that
it does not. He is merely voicing the
thoughts of countless others, who,
modestly but firmly, have dedicated
their lives to the preservation of
the rights of man.

His present address, good till
around March 23rd, is:

A.C. Gordon T. Rand
Squadron E, Class 42-H
Maxwell Field, Alabama

Leaving Rand at Maxwell Field.
We turn to Bob Hertwig. another
member of the class of ‘39. To most
of us. ’39 seems way back when we
were unsophisticated—untouched by
the tinsel glitter of college life.

Bob taught school in Margaret-
ville for two years before volunteer-
ing. Serving first with the Coast
Artillery, he was transferred last
November to Headquarters Detach-
ment. Camp Davis. North Carolina.
Corporal Bob has four office work-
ers under his supervision; two sol-

diers, and what he refers to as ‘ftwo
female typists.” It must be a rare
privilege to order two women
around. For Bob, the ratio remains
the same as at State.

While in State, Bob was Manag-
ing Editor of the ans, member of
Myskania. and engaged in numerous
class activities. In his brief letter he
claims it is grand to hear from the
school again, adding, “Guess the old
adage about alumni being forgotten
the day after graduation is nearly
true."

Any who wishes to disprove his
statement can do so by writing

Corporal R. E. Hertwig,
Headquarters Detachment,
Station Complement,

Camp Davis, North Carolina.

Incidentally, have you heard the
new version of “Heigh Ho, Heigh
Ho, It’s Off to Work We Go"? It
was sung last Saturday night very
loudly by a well known sophomore
in a well known place:

Heigh Ho, Heigh Ho
It’s off to work we go
We’ll take a crack

At those d—J'aps
Heigh Ho, Heigh Ho.

While considering war-humor, one
of Bill Robinson’s is too good to let:
go by. The 63 year-old tap dancer,
featured with Jimmie Lunceford,
tells of the negro soldier who could-
n‘t fight with a rifle, preferring the
“Harlem-Howitzer."

Creeping up behind a German ma-
chine-gun nest, he sprang at the
two occupants, slashing his trusty
razor in the vicinity of the enemies
Adams apples.

“Ha.” gutternlly laughed one. “You
missed."

"Think so." calmly replied the
ebony patriot. “White Man. try
shakin' yo' head!”

 

Courtesy And Stamps

 

To The Editor:

“Any bonds today?” Defense
stamps are at present being sold in
post offices, stores, and schools
throughout the country. including

' Milne. But why are defense stamps

not being sold at State College?

State is supposedly doing its part
in this national emergency. Defense
classes have been initiated, yet not
one single organization has under-
taken the task of selling defense
stamps to the students of State.

It is the duty of the students and
of the college as a whole to aid in
these purchases but this duty is
being overtly negected. Why hasn’t
some organization taken effective
action and set up a Defense Stamp
table? There are few who cannot
spare the small amount of 10 cents
at different intervals. We have the
money, but where are the stamps?

“Betty Bond.”

Communicatic..

 

To the Student Body:

It seems to me that if a visiting
basketball team has enough courtesy
to stand stock-still on a basketball
court when we begin to sing the
Alma Mater, our own students who
are late to assembly should have
enough of at least common courtesy
to stand still wherever they may be
until the students have finished
singing the Alma Mater.

Our last assembly evidenced a
most utter neglect of this common
response to our college song. Per—
haps the class marshalls could help
by enforcing this unwritten but gen-
erally respected tradition so that our
visitors can appreciate some sense
of student respect for their own Al-
ma Mater.

Sincerely,
Ira Jean lIirsh, ’42.

 

The Weekly Bulletin

STUDENT EMPLOYMENT
BUREAU
All seniors and graduate students
check to see that your schedules of
classes and free periods are in our
files. If you are leaving for a week-
end. lcuvc word at residence of
where you can be contacted.
Mr. Paul Ilulger,
Director of SEE
MODERN LANGUAGE
EXAMINATIONS
The written examinations for up—
provai of oral work in French, Ger-
man. and Spanish will be given Fri-
day, February 13, at 1 PM. in Room
20. These examinations should be
taken by seniors and graduate stu-
dents who wish to touch any of these
languages and have passed the nec-
rssnl'y courses. Any student who is
planning to take examinations in
two languages at this time, will
please see me at once about special
arrangements.
Dr. Marion Smith.
Assistant Professor of French.
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONS
The United States Civil Service
Commission has announced that the
government is seeking skilled work-
ers in many ﬁelds and asks that
persons qualified apply immediately.
There will be an examination for
llthographers (artistic or mecharw
loci) for positions paying from $1440
to $2000 a. year. This will be rated
on the basis of education and ex-
parlance.

Vacancies exist in the Bureau of
Home Economics for persons who
have completed a four year college
course with at least eight hours of
Home Economics or related subjects
and who have appropriate experi—
ence. The positions will pay $2600
to $5600 a your.

The Civil Service Connnission also
offers a course to train dietitians at
$330 a your until the course is com-
pleted. Graduates of the course
will be eligible for positions paying
$1800 11 your. Applications for this
course must not be entered after
January 31.

There are also vacancies for hos—
pital uttcndunts. The salary ranges
from $54 to $00 per month and
maintenance. February 14 is the
lust (iny to tile application.

Examination unnouncmnenls and
amiiicution forms may be obtained
at US. Post Offices or from the Civil
Service. Commission, Washington.
DC.

SOCIAL CALENDAR

January 30~~SCA Chorus, Lounge,
3:80 PM.

January 31~~KDR vic party for
Potter Club, 0 PM.

February 2~Willtam M. Shirer
lecture, Albany High School. 8:15
PM.

February 3 ~— Forum meeting,
Lounge, 3:30 PM.

February 5—SOA Religion Oom-

misslon meeting, Lounge, 3:30 PM.

I

The Typewriter Keys
Clatter'Oui a Finale

————»4. 7. -

On an April day about twenty-odd years ago, a baby
was born. It was the universal opinion of all the
medical attendants that this was no ordinary baby.
Unanimously they agreed that he looked more like
a monkey than anything they had ever seen before.

In those days, when a baby was born, three fairy
godmothers would come, and endow it with gifts
which it was destined to use all its life. And, in
keeping with the custom. three fairy godmothers came
to this baby, and gathered around it.

They had had a had dinner that day, those god-
mothers three, and as they stood around the cradle,
they were in no mood to give much of anything away.
They hovered around, first on one wing, and then
on the other, and they looked at each other, saying,
“Well. what shall we give to this prize?”

“Let’s give him a satiric outlook,” suggested one,
and the others chorused gleefully, "Yes, let’s."

“Let’s give him ambition,” said the second, and the
other two said, “Yes, let’s.”

“Let’s give him a feeling of inferiority and let’s
cover it with a lot of noise," urged the third, and her
sisters acquiesced, “Yes, let’s."

“Let’s give him . . . . ." started the ﬁrst. who thought
her turn had come again, but the other two said, “To

‘ hell with him. We’ve given him enough
Typewriter already.” Then the three of them flew
Toned mhay'n n u n t on 1

5 my ew away, 1e 1's, 5 re uc—
To The T0. tant to leave without an additional be-
quest, turned and threw a typewriter into the infant's
lap. The recipient of the fairies’ gifts grabbed the
machine. and furiously tapped wtih one ﬁnger, “I’ll
ﬁx you three dames.” Then he wrapped one arm
around his last present, glared at his disappearing
godmothers, and fell asleep.

Of the four gifts that had been given him, he prized
the typrewriter most of all, and as he grew up, he and
it became almost inseparable. He could be found with
it most of the time, writing reams of worthless ver-
biage, and chuckling to himself.

When he went to school for the first time, he took
the typewriter with him, and he continued to do so
every day. Always was he with it, and always was he
writing with it, and always was he dissatisﬁed with
what he wrote.

There is a limit to how much any human being can
stand, and eventually he reached the limit. He de-
cided that he had read all of his own stuff that he
could stand. That did not mean that he should stop
writing or that the writing should stop being read;
it meant that other people should be forced to read it.

With his typewriter under one arm, he went to the
teacher in charge of the school newspaper, and asked

her if he could write for it. Gently, but
Assent quite firmly she told him that he could
Saves “05.
Sunny He refused to be dissuaded. He tried
again and again, and ﬁnally, to save her
own sanity and peace of mind, she consented.

At the time, no one realized what a big mistake
she had made, but the siZe of her error soon became
apparent. Indefatignbly he wrote—and every one
else had to read it. He never knew if anyone enjoyed
it or not, but that did not dissuade him.

Once it is started, there is no chance of stopping
any one of nature’s calamities — an earthquake, a.
landslide, a tornado. So it was with him. He
had started. He could not be stopped. He wrote
all the way through junior high school. He wrote
all the way through high school.

One September morning, he parted with seven doi-
lars and fifty cents. and by so doing became a college
student. The. first thing that he did after that was
to look around and see where he could write. It was
the ill luck of the college newspaper to be noticed first.

He got on the staff of the newspaper, and cheer—
fully hc begun to fill its column with the finest variety
of bulderdush that could be imagined. In the two
years that. followed. he sliced it thick, he sliced it.
then, he sliced it often, but it. was always hnlderdnsh.

H Eventually he beget a reputation among
Volubliliy his (:(i-WOl‘kCl‘S. They generally and gen-
Brings erously admitted that he could use more
Repute words. fill more space. and say less than

anyone else they had chI' known.

At the beginning of his third year, he conceived
the idea of writing something all his own. Then the
gift of the first godmother began to exert its influence.

He looked around about. him, and whenever he saw
something out. of the ordinary. he wrote about it.
He never suggested any better way of doing anything.
nor did he ever propose a different. method. He just
pomted a finger. and then he laughed, ‘

He wrote for half a your, and one day, he come
In his last piece. He had not said all that. he could
have said about all the things which he thought
(it-served comment, but, his opportunity to be heard
was over. He looked around for one last thing to
laugh at — one last object. worthy of ridicule. As he
sat. thinking. he happened to glance into the corner
of the room, and there he saw a writer —— II satiric
writer who had llOVL‘l’ himself been satirizcd. A fit
subject, truly!

Chuckling to himself, he took out his typewriter,
and sat down to work. ‘

 

Today’s Suicidal/cs is the lust. of the series to appear
in the STATE COLLEGE Nuwn. ’l‘he coiumn’s author, who
will next week loavo State to attend the University
of Michigan, does so with the most. sincere regrets
and With the hope that he has sometimes brought
some small enjoyment to his readers. Selah.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, JANUARY 30,1942

 

Semenak Requests
Students To Keep
Leads Confidential

553 Places Twenty-One
In New Teaching Positions

The Student Employment Bureau
has asked that all leads coming from
the office be kept strictly confiden-
tial. This is for the protection of
the schools where openings are an-
nounced, the candidates themselves,
and the SEB office. All information
should be kept strictly confidential
so that it does not get into any-
one’s hands.

Candidates are not required to ac-
cept a lead from the office. but “we
do demand cooperation in regard to
this matter," were the words used
by Miss Semanek. "If a student is
not interested in a lead which we
give him, he Should let us know im-
mediately in order that another
State College student might have
an opportunity for applying for the
position."

Use Outside Agencies

In the past, the bureau has sug-
gested that it would be a good idea
for people to register with one good
commercial agency in view of the
fact that they get some leads which
the SEB does not. When they regis-
ter, they may indicate to the com—
mercial agency that a confidential
folder may be obtained. This is
available only to the agency. not the
candidate. This saves professors on
the faculty much hard work in dup-
licating references on some fifty to
one hundred people in a depart-
ment.

In regard to the work of the dc—
partment in the past. Miss Semanck
said, “We had a good placement re-
cord last year and feel that we shall
have a much better one this year.
The picture is better throughout the
whole state."

Recent Placements of SEE

Twenty-one students were recent-
ly placed by the SEB. Blanche Hu-
shenblum has a substitute pomtxcn
in Kingston teaching English; Chur-
lotte Nielsen instructs French stu-
dents in Draper School, Schenecta-
dy; Margaret Park is teaching Eng-
lish at Scott Union School in Hom-
er; Sarah Chaills is doim; library
work at the John A. Howe Library
in Albany; Marie Thompson teaches
sixth grade at Governeur.

James Campbell is teaching com-
merce at Port Byron; English is
taught by Marie Tripp at Verona.
Byron Simmons at Galloway and
Joseph Withy at Bordentown; Sam
Cooper teaches Science and mathe-
matics at Bolton Landing; com-
merce students include Benjamin
Coml at Wells, Gladys Fnsoli at.
Glenfield and Janet Godfrey at Wa-
tcrport.

Cecil Marino at Hyde Park and
Lyle Lawton at Stanfordvillc are in-
structing classes in mathematics and
science; Mnl'y Kllcvrr is librariln
at Mcchanicville; .luuet McDonald
now is teaching English and speech
at. Gilboa; Mury Wusscrnmn teaches
eighth grade and chemistry at
Woodridue: and m uhcmutics is be-
ing taught by Alicia Vail at Boon-
vllle and Laura Settle at Adams.

Forum Plans To Discuss
Strikes In Civil Service

A meeting of the Forum in the
Lounge Tllcstiuy at ii:in i‘. M. will
feature it committee report. on the
question. “Should civil st‘i‘vlt't? cmv
ployccs be permitch to strike." The
commitim! has been (loillt'. I'L'Hl'iil‘l'll
on the topic for two months, Ellen
Dolls. ’43, will present the majority
report. Mm'y Crouch. ‘Aiil. the min-
ority report. An open question and
discussion period will be l'oliuvcd by
by a vote.

In an effort to slhnulutr the rrud-
ing of new books, Forum Is tnlilut—
ing a Irogrnm of book review. This.
Week Jennie Churchill. ‘-t3. will re-
View The UNI/HI Hid/rs and Japan's
va ()I'rh'r by William (J. .lohnslonc.

At the close of the meeting, Fred—
crlok Ferris. '42. Speaker of the
Forum. will load a ten-minute dis—
cussion on tho “Highlights of Par-
liamentary Procedure."

All social studies majors and min-
ors are urged to attend the meet-
ing. As an incentive Dr. Robert.
Rienow, Assistant. Professor of So-
cial Studies. says. “All students who
received A’s from me this year went
to Forum meetings last semester.”

Rienow Assails
Lack Of Spirit,
Warindifference

“Don’t keep your shirt on" was
the advice Dr. Robert Rienow, As-
sistant Professor of Social Studies,
gave to listeners of the WGY Farm
Forum at 12:45 P. M. last Wednes-
day. “For the last twenty or more
years We have been freezing our
feelings into a hard mold of cyni-
cism; we have sneered at high-
mtndedness. at the spiritual values
of our political and social order. If
we continue in our sophisticated
way, choking down how we feel
about the issues at stake, we shall
not only have missed the glorious
opportunity of this war, but we shall
be deficient in the urge to win.”

“Democracy is all spirit. Equality
of men. Justice. Liberty. Freedom
of conscience. Beacon lights they
are but they are faith. It is there-
fore impossible for a democratic
people to deny the emotions upon
which their way of life is based.”
Must Solidify Beliefs

Dr. Rienow pointed out that it is
“our first and most important task
to solidify ourselves around our be-
liefs. Certainly we have attained
what looks like solidarity in our
common indignation over the
treacherous Japanese assault on
American soil. There's no fuel for a
successful crusade in that. Our re-
sponse has been too nmttcr-of~fact”.

"There is a. point of importance
here. A cold-blooded, ‘keep your
shirt on' attitude is defensive. ‘Af-
fer nil.‘ we say. ‘when you use your
head, isn‘t it perfectly logical that
the United States must come out on
top when it has so much more re-
sources than the Axis?‘ And yet this
coldly caculating attitude is quite
lacking in the stuff that makes for
victory. What is lacking?

“Some call it drive. Some might
name it ‘spirit.' It could go by the
name of ‘fnith.’ It is a product of
the heart . . .

Americans Idolizc .Iunk

“We shall have to go back a good
way to find it again. For life for
Americans has become nothing more
than a series of hard and fast com-
mutations. Nothing was worth talk-
ing about that you couldn’t pick up
in your hand or admire with your
eyes. The American standard of
living has brought us to idolize. . .
trinkets and mechanical devices, a
million and one fancy bits of junk
that. we have become to believe
necessary for living happily.”

He believes that In our school
system we have schooled our chil-
dren to be come cynics. But. we
Iiili‘f‘ inherited the spirit. “To date"
Dr. Rienow concluded, “we have
clothed the spirit of our cause in
the armor of production. We have
buried our emotions in the statistics
of technicians. To win the war it is
more important that we wrap our
armor in the spirit of our cause. The
hour f'illls for less calculation and
more inspiration. 1t demands that
we make this the cldntel as well as
the arsenal of (1(‘111()(!l'ile’."

Hell Week, Initiations
Keep Greeks Working

luiliations. new pledges, prepara-
tions for hell works. and party plans
are keeping State’s sororities nnd
l‘rnlcruitirs busy this week.

Bria Zeta sorority initiated eight
new members Monday night, six of
whom are t'rcslmn-n. The list is as
follows: IVIili‘jtil'lt' iiivcrctt. '43; Jean—
nette Slmy. “H: Jeanette Cosgrnvc,
Eleanor iluycsiip. Caroline Hus-
hrouck. I-lclcn Bushnell. Lucille
Still, and Marion Klock. freslnncn.

Iirll Week for Kuppn Deltu soror—
lly plcdgcs brains Monday.

Sigma Lambda Shnnu fraternity’s
hell wrck also starts Monday. It
will rod with informal initiation
Friday night. and formal initiation
Saturday afternoon. There will be
u vir party for old and new meni-
bcrs Saturday night.

Kappa Delta Rho .rutcrnity has
mined at new pledge from the class
of '45. Curtis Pfaff.

in return for the smoker which
Potter Club gave Kappa Delta Rho
last year, KDR is giving a vie party
for members of Potter Club Satur-
day night.

Sigma Lambda Sigma has an-
nounced the choice of Edward
Tompkins to succeed Henry Ger-
mond us its member on Interi’ra-
ternity Council.

Defense Interrupts ’Grand Old Seniors, Dispérse-  I,
College Programs As Marriage, Army Life Beckon

Cornell, Colgate Initiate

Student ,Gmdance Courses

(ACP) Two New York State uni-
versities, Colgate and Cornell, have
inaugurated new programs on their
campuses to cope with attitudes and
problems arising from the present
world situation.

Cornell University’s program will
endeavor to quell war restlessness
among its students. The plan pro-
poses student guidance and counsel-
ling, with emphasis on health and
recreation.

Morale Affected

“College authorities have been
concerned," a statement said, “with
the disrupting effects of the world
situation, not only on enrollments
but also on the morale of students
pursuing their normal courses. The
signs of restiveness and uncertain-
ty, as well as the 105s of interest of
some students in maintaining high
academic performance, made their
appearance last year.”

A counselor of men has been ap-
pointed to direct a clearing house
for their problems. He is expected to
give advice on financial aid, per-
sonal and vocational problems, so-
cial adjustment and student em-
ployment.

Psychology Courses Added

Coigate's program involves the ad-
dition of a course in "abnormal psy-
cholog.V. organic" to the curriculum
to encourage greater understanding
of and tolerance toward peoples and
nations suffering- in the world con-
flict. The new course. and the re-
vised second semester study of “ab-
normal psychology, non—organic,"
will be devoted largely to the study
of abnormal reactions resulting from
war situations. according to Dr.
George H. Estabrooks, head of the
psychology department.

Dr. Estabrooks believes that stu-
dents should understand the mental
disorders growing out of the war.
which will become major problems
of the rehabilitation period.

ParshaII Gains Position
Of SCA Secretary

Miss Ada Parshall. '42, has been
appointed General Secretary of the
Student Christian Association by the
federation of Albany churches to fill
the recent vacancy created by the
resignation of Miss Helen Curtis.

Previous to her appointment, Miss
Parshail was active in SCA work,
holding the positions of Student
Secretary in her Sophomore your,
Treasurer during her Junior year,
and Vice-President during her Sen-
ior year. Miss Pal-shall also attended
numerous student religious confer-
ences as the State College SCA rep—
resentative. Upon invitation Miss
Parshall was the principal college
speaker at. the Uticn Conference of
the New York State YMCA.

A series of three study groups con-
cerning the basis of Christianity will
be conducted by Reverend William
McCunnghy. Minister of the Madi-
son Avenue Presbyterian Church. on
February 5, 12. and 19. at 3:30 PM.
in the Lounge.

Reverend McCunnghy will derive
his lntcrprctntions specifically from
the Gospels of Matthew. Mark. and
Luke. Following the lecture. there
will be an open discussion and ques-
tion period in which any problems
of the students will be explained.

Archambault Gives Blood
To Augment Hospital Supply

Harold Archnmbult, ‘45. was one
of many people who contrilmled to
tho Aibmy Hospital Blood Bank.
On January 27, he donated a pint
of blood to this orgnntmltion.

As there is a shortage of blood
supply. blood donors have been re-
quested by hospital technicians. In
order to be eligible, one must take
a short physical cmuninution. The
required time for the obstruction
process is 3/4 of an hour. In most
cases the effect is temporary weak—
ness.

No donations will be refused.

 

EMIL J. NAGENGAST
mun COLLEGE FLORIST

Corner Ontario at Benson St.

 

 

Hatch Makes Connections,-
Professor Receive lines

"Number please!”

State students aren‘t the only
ones with ines around here, for
a new, 40-line switchboard has
been installed to facilitate com-
munications among the faculty
and administration of the col-
lege.

Nine new telephones have
been added and distributed
among the various departments
so that every floor in every
building contains at least one
telephone. This will assure every
portion of the college immediate
contact with the administra-
tive offices in Draper. Such
communication will work to the
interests of the college in the
event of air raids and other
emergencies. Two trunk lines
establish contact outside the
college.

Although it is merely an ex-
periment. Miss Edith Hatch of
the administrative staff, opera-
tor of the new switchboard feels
that its success is already in-
sured.

War Influences
Math Department

Navy, Defense Industries
Demand More Preparation

The war has led to the addition
of three new mathematics courses
to the present curriculum of the col-
lege. They are: Mathematics 14,
Mathematics 15 and Mathematics
101. These courses have been added
to the curriculum for those students
who plan to join the navy or enter
defense industries.

Dr. Ellen G. Stokes will teach
Mathematics 14 and Spherical Tri-
gonometry, a three hour course in-
tended especially for those who de-
sire appointment as naval cadets. A
knowledge of spherical trigonometry
is required for entrance into the
Coast Artillery Corps and several
branches of the Navy. Miss Stokes
plans to teach the technicalities
first and then apply them to navi-
gation. Classes are scheduled for
Monday. Tuesday, and Thursday at
3:35 in Room 100.

Mathematics 15, Applied College
Mathematics in Machine Shop
Practice, will be taught by Dr.
Howard A. Dobeli. It is intended
not. only for students who will enlist
but also for those who hope to secure
summer employment in industrial
shops. Open to all men and women
who have had Mathematics 1A and
1B. classes are conducted Tuesday
and Thursday at 11:10 in Room 100.

Dr. Ralph A. Beavor has been
named instructor in Mathematics
101 or Analytical Mechanics. This
too is practicable in both actual ser-
vice and defense work. All students
who have passed Mathematics 4A
may attend classes Monday, Wed-
nesday and Friday in Rooln 205 at

 

Debate Council Plans Trips

Debate Council is planning two
major trips in addition to several
minor (ltlbiltl‘s at. home and small
ii‘lps away. The western trip will
probably include meets with the
teams of Cornell, lloburt, William
Smith, Wells and Kcuku. Included
in the southern trip will be Ford-
hum. New York University, Queens,
Columbia. City College of New York.
and Rutgers.

 

MADISON
SWEET SHOP

Home Made Ice Cream
and Lunches

785 Madison Avenue

2-91” We Deliver

 

 

by Janet Baxter ,

Where oh where are the grand'old
seniors? The student body asked
that question last May on Moving-
Up Day — now it can be answered
in regard to the class of 1941, the
“grand old seniors" of yesteryear.
Looking at the February issue of the
Alumni Quarterly, your _reporter
finds that:

Hazel Brown is working as ﬁle
clerk for the FBI. in Washington;
Edith Cassavnnt is teaching English
at Rouses Point High School; Ruth
Layne is teaching fourth grade in
Baltimore; Florence Halsey is now
Mrs. Scholtz; Steve Paris is mar-
ried too, as of this summer; Rob-
erta Wilhelm is working with a. pub-
lishing and advertising agency in
New York City; Leonard Varmette
is attending classes in the Signal
Corps at Red Bank, N. J.
Post-Graduates Return

Dorothy Berkowitz is the presi-
dent of the newly organized Men-
orah Club at Albany Business Col-
lege. Doris Sheary was married on
December 27 to Corporal Raymond
J. Grebert, also a State graduate,
class of 1940; and Hyman Meltz is
working in Hartford. Connecticut.
Geraldine Pleat is attending Al-
bany Business College; Daniel Pres-
ton is tnking graduate work at R.
P.I.; Aileen Jones Pcipon is living
in Richmond, Virginia.

A number of our ’4l-ers found it
too difficult to leave the ivied walls
of their Alma Mater. We ﬁnd them
doing graduate work here at State,
notably Jack Adams, Priscilla Mor-
ton, Louise Loricchio, Doris Dygert,
Ellen Hurley, Harriet Weber, Wil-
liam Vial], and Ye Olde Chronicler
of “Maloncy's Baloney” fame—
James M. of Mechanicviile.

Mary Grace Leggett, Dan Bucci,
Herbert Oksaia and David Minsberg
have finished their undergraduate
work at State and can no longer be
included in the roster of State stu-
dents,

Army Claims Males

A large number of the stalwart
males of the class find themselves
in the army—you might have seen
James Quinn wandering around the
old haunts this past week, while on
furlough. Army life has its compen-
sations, for Quinn saw the Tulane-
Alabama football game.

Quite a few of the '41 Alums have
re-vlsited the scenes of their care-
free juvenile days —— we do mean
State College. Charlie Quinn was
one of the latter; so were Mim New-
ell and Fred Day. Too bad that
Steve Kusak wouldn’t make a re-
turn trip to Albany; we understand
that Steve and his airplane are hav-
ing themselves a time out in the
wilds of Rochester.

The present realms of the class
of ’41 are many and diversiﬁed —-
good luck to all of them wherever
they may be.

Slater Succeeds Taylor

Miss Frances K. Slater, B.A. Rus-
sell Sage. and MA Columbia Uni-
versity. has been employed to re-
place Dr. Wallace Tnylor as Super-
visor of Social Studies. Dr. Taylor
was given a five months leave of nb~
scncc after he was offered a position
as a member of the League of
Nations Association to give instruc-
tion in intermitionul relations in
teacher training institutions. Miss
Slater was formerly employed in the
Newton, New Jersey. school system
and has had five years of touching
(.‘XDCI'It‘llCt‘.

 

TRADE AT
YOUR
COLLEGE
HABERDASHER

MEN’S

cSNAPPY 

MANHATTAN SHIRTS
ADAM HATS
FALL. STYLES

“7 8. PEARL 221 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

