STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1942 STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6,1942

The Weekly Bulletin

 

War Fronts

 

. o . — Semanek Reports Blondes Tops In Personality  * 

 

 

 

. PAGE 2
—-——- by Feigenbaum
The Battle of Malaya was lost

I ' VICTORY
g.»
T? and Singapore, in its ﬁfth day of
- , siege, is undergoing terriﬁc aerial
' " I raids.

Last week the Japanese: 1)
opened their campaign against
Java with intensive bombing; 2)
made landings in Borneo, and at
the Dutch naval base of Ambo-
lna: 3) took Moulmein in Burma
and drove the allied armies across
the Salween river; 4) threatened
Australia by making new land-
ings at New Guinea, New Britain.
and Keita in the Solomon Is-
lands.

General MacArthur is still
holding the Bataan peninsula
against repeated Japanese at-
tacks.

UNITED
STATES
DEFENSE

 

 

 

 

»; Teleological Approach

Is it not a dilemma that nationalism must be created and
destroyed in almost the same breath? Is it not a dilemma
that the one hundred and thirty million Americans who now
are so ardently and righteously “Remembering Pearl Har-
bor” must forget Pearl Harbor when that remembrance
has served its purpose ‘3 It is a dilemma — the dilemma
that we must recognize as the dilemma of democracy.

As the history of civilization unfolded, it did so with an
omni-present drive toward political and economic uniﬁcation.
Many things have slowed this uniﬁcation by pushing the
world off the natural path. A brief survey would reveal
families merging into clans, tribes, and city states. The
Romans eventually monopolized and pushed uniﬁcation, in
the form of world empire, so hard that they drove man up
a blind canyon which ended in the dark cave of medievaiism.
In that cave, man did as best he could; but the best was
none too good; for all that he could concoct was the political
mess that we know as feudalism. A few slivers of light from
the camp of renaissance gleamed at the mouth of the cave.
Finally, attracted to it and pushed on by it, man groped his
way back to the natural path where he could see again.
Alexander the Great and Napoleon also found blind canyons
to experiment with, but fortunately these canyons had been
blocked before the place where they drew a roof over their
heads; civilization got back on its natural path more quickly
than before.

This natural path led to the degree of political unity called
the modern state. Thus we are brought into the picture,
for we exist in a modern state. The development of the
world into modern states is a relatively young movement,
since Italy and Germany completed the job within the mem-
ory of those who still live. Each state, as it developed, was
swept by a wave of national selﬁshness and each was af-
flicted with a superiority complex; such was the only
possible means of fostering national unity.

Meanwhile, new forces crept into the world scene. Science
was developing means of transportation and communication
that can have only a negative effect upon nationalism. Edu-
cation was making the individual more and more conscious
of the world in which he lived. Medicine, law, education,
and labor made tremendous strides in international coop-
eration—the world was climbing the natural path. Two
widespread wars, the second of which now engulfs us, fos-
tered by nationalism, are now again blocking the path.
A blind canyon is again at hand and we are ﬁghting the
forces of premature uniﬁcation with our backs to that
canyon. We must win to regain the natural path and we
must use the nationalistic tools at hand. Nationalism breeds
war, but it also wins war. We can breed no war with our
nationalism; so, let us develop it. When the war is gone we
must destroy our nationalism and that of all nations forever.

Thank God for the American heritage, the intrinsic
adaptability oi’ the American people, and the unlimited
American powers both of destruction and creation. Thank
God: for that American heritage must stir one hundred
and thirty millions to the depths of their souls. American
adaptability must slide America from war to peace and
from the nationalistic horn of the dilemma to the inter-
nationalistic. The American powers of destruction must win
the war and destroy the hate it fosters. The American
powers of creation must then pave the natural path to uni-
ﬁcation with the four great freedoms. This is the demo-
cratic dilemma——this is the democratic task.

The Huested Horror

A door has been deﬁned as an entrance or a moveahie
barrier, sliding or swinging on hinges, which may be opened
and closed to allow or prevent entrance or exit to a building
or room.

The I-Iuested “Guillotine” door constitutes an effective
barrier in such a period of national emergency. A few
Dean’s List students do wish to appear promptly for 9:10
classes, without a running detour around the block. A few
of the more digniﬁed students do wish to enter Huested in
a standing position, instead of sprawling at the top of the
Annex stairs.

Maintenance crew please noteil

MODERN LANGUAGE
EXAMINATIONS

The written examinations
for approval of oral Work in
French. German, and Spun-
lsh will be given Friday.
lt‘cbrunry 13, at I P. M. in
Room :20. These examina-
tions should be taken by
seniors and graduate stu-
dents who wish to touch
any of these languages and
have passed the nccessnry
courses. Any student. who is
planning to take oqunlInI-
lions in two languages at
this time, will please see
ill once about: special or-
rnngcmcnls.

Students who wish help
in phonetics in preparation
fur the French cxnminntion.
should see Miss M. Annette
l) o h h i n. instructor in
French. ’i‘hos'c who wish
help in prose should see Dr.
Mnrion l'l. Smith. Assistant
Professor of French.

I'TEH

I"I‘i'lll has slowly Jobs for
girls who want to do clean-
ing. cooking. dlsllwnshlng.
or “killing” Girls who wont
work should apply at: the
l"l‘i‘lli ol‘l‘icc immediately.
UNIVERSITY LECTURE

The Harvard Association
of Eastern New York will
present i’rol'cs'sor Snmucl ii.
(‘I'oss, l'rol'cssor ol’ Slavic
Lnngungl-s and Litcrntures
nt llnrrnrd. in the Albany
High School auditorium to-
night at 9:30 P. M. lie will
lecture on the topic of

"ltussin and the War in
the Pacific.” Admission is
without clnlrge but by
ticket only. Tickets are
available in the office of the
President of the College.

SOCIAL CALENDAR
February tl——Al\nnnl benefit
curd pnriy, lv‘nrrcll Mun-
sion, 8 1'. M.
It‘ehrunry tl-SCA Chorus,
Lounge, 3:30 P. M.
February ti—-St-:Itc - Brook-
lyn Polytechnic basket-
ball gnme. Brooklyn.
i“t‘l)l‘illil‘y tl—lx'nppn lietn
lltlllﬂ? dance, hous'c. 8:30
I

l. i .

It‘chrunry 7~—Sigmn anh-
tIlI Sigma banquet, Wel-
lington Hotel, 0 l'. M.

II‘chrInIry 7——-SlgnnI anh-
dn Sigma house dance,
house. 0 l‘. M.

lI‘I-brmII-y T—I'olicr Club vie
porly, l'oltcr Club, 8:30
1'. M.

l"clu-nnr,\' 7»Stulc - l’ratt
imskotiuiil gilnlc, ilrook-

_ n.
February Ill—Forum meet-
ing, Lounge, :5 :00 l‘. M.
February in -— Advanced
Draumlics piny. l'nge TIIIil
auditorium, 8:30 i'. M.
February ll 7—St‘A “Club
In" meeting, Lounge, 3:30

i' \i

lv‘ohruury ll—(‘lnssical (‘iuh
Incoting. Lounge. 7:30
’. M.

it‘ohrunry ll----l)oh:lic Som-
innr, Room 20. 3:30 I’. M.

It't‘lli‘lilil'j' lQWSt‘A Religion
Commission, Lounge, 3:30
I'. M,

 

Communic‘ations

Dear Editor,

So we’re to be serious because of the war! When all
magazine articles, speeches, newspapers are telling
us to keep on going as we are, to have a wonderful time
while we can, State College decides to cut out a tra-
ditional fun-fest, “Hell Week!” Sure there is a time
to be serious, but there is also a time for the other.

We are Freshmen, so-called goats of “Hell-Weeks.”
We really rather like making fools of ourselves. We
have a good time mopping floors and wearing sloppy
clothes. When we Joined our various sororities we
knew this was coming and looked forward to it.

It is one of the few things that makes State like
other colleges. It’s normal; it's part of our education.

One of the troubles with State is that it is too
serious. Why then, take away this “good time for
all?” We get little enough laughter. What’s the idea?

Seriously,
35 Pledges.

 

Dear 35 Pledges,

So you don’t want to be serious because of the
war. Just because you can’t make a fool of yourselves
you can’t have a wonderful time.

My dear pledglings, why don’t you think before you
speak. In the ﬁrst place. this temporary abandon-
ment of the “traditional fun fest” was agreed upon
by your representatives, your fraternitiy and sorority
heads. When you disapprove of their actions. you
disapprove of them. Therefore, you shouldn’t have
joined that respective society in the ﬁrst place.

You may then say that they had no choice in the
matter. Could they not have referred the matter to
you. No administration would ignore a majority
or even a minority group who could offer intelligent
opposition. This is the procedure followed in any
democracy.

In the second place, you are not being deprived of
having all the fun you can. The idea of such a
proposition was to eliminate public ridicule which
could perhaps in a less serious minded time be passed
off with a laugh. Surely, my dear pledges you can ﬁnd
other ways to have fun. Why not carry your ingen-
uity into constructive action and substitute for your
Hell-Week some less objectionable “hellishness?”

Thirdly, just two months ago tomorrow the Japs
attacked Pearl Harbor. Within two days you were
ready to make all sacriﬁces to avenge this ruthless
savage ice.

The war is just getting underway. but you just can’t
see why you have to be serious. Was the emotion
expressed at this time merely a superficial act because
everyone else was doing it?

Lastly, and perhaps most important, my dcars, from
what authority did you receive your information?
According to all reports, at the time you became dis-
traught the action had not yet become official.

A Sympathetic Editor.

 

Educational Proposals

 

The following resolutions were adopted regarding a
tentative educational policy for New York State at a
meeting of the Association of Colleges and Universities
of the State of New York held in Albany, January
21, 1042:

i. That for the duration of the war the colleges
and universities of New York State shall continue
to require for graduation not less than 120 semester
hours.

2. That students who enter the military service
during any semester or term may at the discretion of
the institutional officials be given credit for not more
than 10 semester hours for such military service.

3. That the State Association of Colleges and Uni-
versities seek through the Commissioner of Education
an amendment to the State Scholarship Law to the
end that a scholarship holder who completes his
college course in three years shall receive the same
scholarship aid that he would have received had he
remained four years.

By Herb Lenelrer

Some are rich, and some are famous
Most are just like you and I
United all in common struggle —

Liberty shall never die!

Dame Rumor, a lady not unknown in State College,
has it that Dick Platt, ’40. now in the Air Corps, was
shot down in action over the Phillipines. According
to the story. the former chef of John’s Cafe was not
seriously injured, and is probably back up in the air
by now, casting his shadow on the “rising sun."

James Chapel], ’41, is a bugler in the medical train-
ing center at Camp Grant, Illinois, where the men
go through an intensive program intended to turn
out ﬁeld assistants. Due to the large amount of medi-
cal supplies they must carry, none of the men, with
the exception of the ever-present M.P.'s, are equipped
with guns.

Advises Squad

Manager of last year's basketball team. Jim com-
ments thus on the current season: "I note with great
interest that we have won a few more games than
last year—also note with regret that the underclass-
men are not helping the managerial staff of the
team—no team can function properly without the help
of a smooth running managerial outfit.”

Jim has three roommates tno tents mentioned) and
he is fortunate in that one of these is the company
baker, who used to work in Freihofers. As a result,
the four have all the doughnuts, cake, and pics that
they want—causing the laconic remark. “I am not
losing any weight."

The buglers are connected with the camp band,
which includes musicians from the Chicago, Cleve-
land and Indianapolis Symphony orchestras, as well
as “cats” from Artie Shaw, and a few ripples from
Shep Fields.

Stresses Learning

All in all, Chapell labels his work as not easy, but
quite interesting. He ends with the following, a mes-
sage which should be of value to all Staters: “I can
say for the students now at college—that they don't
realize how fortunate and lucky they are to be able
to receive an education—and that with an ever open
mind they should strive to become better teachers
because we will really need them when this is over,
and it won’t be long, if we have anything to say
about it."

Jim can be reached at Headquarters Company, 26th
Battalion, Camp Grant, Illinois.

One way State students can show their determina-
tion to help in every possible manner is to get behind
the Victory Book drive 100%. The faculty has already
made a generous response to Rita Kell’s plea for
technical books, now it is up to us. Bundles, books,
and bonds will go hand in hand with blood, sweat, and
tears, to leave Hitler and his houseboy Hirohito singing
the Boo-hoo-hoos in the night . . .

Blackouts and Petitions

Monday, the bright lights of State will again be
dimmed, this time for 20 minutes—so get your black-
out date early. Air Raid wardens have been advising
the local group houses to equip their refuge rooms
with blackout paper, in order that normal activity
can be continued inside.

Twenty minutes is not a long time to wait, es-
pecially with desirable surroundings, but the next
blackout is scheduled to last four hours . . .

Last Wednesday a petition was circulated protesting
the abolition of Hell Week—an excellent example of
democracy at work. This right of protest is cherished
by all democrats, and now engulfing the world in a
struggle for its preservation.

Hell Week, or its abolition, will not affect the lives
of State students to any degree, but the loss of this
right of petition would deprive the students of some-
thing no sacrifice is too great for; of an American
principle stated in 1776, and conﬁrmed in 1783. 1812.
1918, not to mention the supreme test now raging.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, 1916
by the Class of 1918

Friday, it‘chruury 0, lil-l'J No. 10
Mcmhe Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The umlcrgrndlmtc In-wspnpcr ot’ the New York Slutl- (.‘oi-
icgc ior 'i‘cncln-rs published I-yory Friday of tin! college
year by the NEWS ilozlrd for the Student .\~M)t'lil|lllil.
i'honcs: tll'l'icc. 5-0373: llorrnncc, 3-2813; lioisln-in, .‘I 'Jsifl,
tirunwuid, 3-0533.

Enlcrcd as sceonll class mailer Albany, N. l’.. poslo/Jicc.

Vol. XXVI

 

REPRESENTED Fri" NATIONAL ADVERTISING UV
National Advertismg Service, inc.
(.ullcgc Pooh's/Jar: Representative
420 MADISON AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
LIIICAGO ' uosrou ‘ L08 ANGELES ' 5AM FIIAIIcIIIco

The News Board

EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN — — ._ ..
WILLIAM R. DORRANCE ~ -—

A. HARRY PASEOW ~— ~ —

MADELINE GRUNWALD -— —

HARRIET DEFOREST ADVERTISING MANAGER
ALLEN SIMMONS CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL — SPORTS EDITOR
FLORA GASPARY ASSOCIATE EDITOR
MURIEL SCOVELL ASSOCIATE EDITOR
DAVID SLAVIN - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

EDITOII-IN'CHIEI’
CO-EDITOR lN-CHIEF
MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER

 

All communications should he addressed to the edl' 1' III)
'll‘illsl. "il‘e signed. Names will be withheld upon  IIng
lire SlAliu (‘tlLthliild Nir-WS assumes no rcs'ponsiiiliiy
for opinions expressed in its columns or coInInunicutionli.
us such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its view.

Futher Placements

146 Obtain Employment,-
Represeni Increase of 23%

Evidence of the increase in the
number of teachers being placed by
the State College Employment Bu-
reau is shown in a comparison of
statistics. These statistics revealed
by Miss Irene Semanek. Assistant
Director of the Employment Bureau,
show the number of teachers placed
in the last fiscal year and in this
year.

This Year

Oct. 17

Nov. 25

Last Year
Oct. 18
Nov. 16
Dec. 28 Dec. 33
Jan. 57 Jan. 71

As can be seen from the figures
the greatest increase was made in
the month of January. Last year 57
Were placed during the month of
January, while this year in the
same month '71 were placed, an in-
crease of 14. During the four month
period last year, a total of 119 were
given positions; this year during the
same period 146 were placed. This is
an increase of about 23%.

The bureau has revealed that the
following students were placed dur-
ing the past week. Albert Architzel
received a job teaching commerce
in Rensselaer Falls; Nuncia Lucca
is doing part-time mathematics
teaching in Coxsackie; Joyce Cip—
perly received a job teaching Eng-
lish, history, and library work in
Amenia; Alma Rimpkin was placed
at the New York State Training
School for Girls at Hudson. and
Marion Keables received a job as a
laboratory worker for the Agfa Ans-
co Corporation at Binghamton.

Bantham Gives Time
To Salvage Work

At a recent; meeting, the War Ac-
tivities Council of State College
discussed plans for a general salvage
campaign towards which state stu—
dents could contribute. Although at
first it was planned to have only a
waste paper campaign under the
supervision of Miss June Bantham.
’44, who first submitted such a plan.
it was found advisable to begin sav-
ing for a general drive. A complete
list of items which are requested for
this campaign is printed at the
right

June Bantham, ’44, volunteered her
services to supervise such a drive.
Miss Bantham stated that students
have been careless about the waste
paper and that everyone should
strive to do his part in this drive
for the salvage of waste paper.

Those who have already collected
waste paper shouch consult Miss
Bantham through student mails.

War Crisis Postpones
State Symphony Concert

The State College Symphony Or-
chestra concert, scheduled for Feb—
ruary 12 in Page Hall. has been post-
poned until a more desirable date
can be arranged in the early spring.

“Defense work. examinations, and
a general increase in scholastic
work has so interrupted rehearsals
that. it has been impossible for the
musicians to secure enough practice
to render an cnjoyublc pcri'orm-
nucc," cxplnincd Bernard Pcrlmun,
director of ill(' Symphony Orchestra.

A combined pcrl'ormnncc of the
State College Choral Society and the
Symphony Orchestra has been sug-
gcslcd to replace the postpoucd ('(Ill—
ccrt. but numerous details must be
i'ornuliotcd bcl'orc any dcllnitc plans
can be divulged.

SEB Requires Payment
OI All Senior Dues

Seniors who wish to be recom-
mended for teaching positions by
the. Student filinploymcnt Bureau
must pay their class docs for all four
years. The decision is a part of the
SEB’s policy to recommend only
those students who have met all
financial obligations.

Ben Tybring, class treasurer, may
be contacted by any senior wishing
to know how much he owes. Half of
the class has paid dues which are
two dollars for freshmen, sophomore,
junior years and one dollar and a
half for the senior year.

Salvage for Victory.I

Editor’s Note: Following is a list of articles which can be salvaged
and used in the defense program. Students are asked to ascertain what
materials they have at home, and to report their ﬁndings to the College
Defense Council. The money obtained from the sale of articles to junk:
dealers will be used to ﬁnance the college defense setup.

WHAT TO LOOK FOR IN YOUR ATTIC

Beds made of brass or iron.

Electric cords—they contain copper wire.

Electric toasters, irons, heaters, fans, or any electrical equipment.
Hardware—door knobs. hinges, keys, locks. trim, springs, etc.
Lamps and lighting ﬁxtures made of brass, copper or iron.
Ornaments—metal ash trays, bowls, statues. vases. etc.

Porch and garden furniture made of metal.

Screens made of brass or copper.

Toys—sleds, ice skates. roller skates, etc.
Vacuum Cleaners—broken parts made of metal.
WHAT TO LOOK FOR IN YOUR CELLAR

Coal stoves that are worn out.

Fireplace equipment~andirons, grates, pokers, etc.

Fire extinguishers.

Furnace parts—~old grates, doors, etc.

Iron and nickel parts of old gas stoves.
Pipes—pieces of iron. brass or copper piping.
Plumbing ﬁxtures—bath tubs, faucets, sinks, etc.

Radiators.

Refrigerator parts—ice trays, inside linings, etc.

Tools—all old tools. -

WHAT TO LOOK FOR IN YOUR GARAGE
Automobile parts: Batteries, chains. license plates, parts of motor, tires,

and tubes. etc.
Bicycles and tricycles.

Garden tools—lawn mowers, hoes, pick-axes, rakes, shovels, etc.
WIIAT TO LOOK FOR IN YOUR YARD OK ON YOUR FARM

Farm tools.

Logging chains.

Wire fencing and fence posts.
Motors and motor parts.
Playground equipment.

Pieces of old metal—well handles, etc.

Ploughs.
Wheelbarrows, etc.

HOW TO SAVE PAPER

. Stack newspapers in large bundles.
Tie in bundles.

. Open cardboard boxes, lay flat.

Tie two ways.

. Stuff small waste paper into burlap bags or boxes.

. Magazines using glazed paper should be segregated.

. DO NOT SAVE waxed paper. cellophane, or butcher paper.
HOW TO SAVE RAGS

1. Burlap bags—keep separate.
2.
3
or make into bundles.

Cotton and other textile bags—keep separate.
.Waste material: Clothing—shirts, suits, towels, etc., stuff into bags

RUBBER ITEMS

Arctics—overshoes—rubber boots.

Miscellaneous items—hose, gloves, hot water bags, etc.
MISCELLANEOUS INSTRUCTIONS
Tinfoil: Remove foil from cigarettes, candy, tea, etc. and flatten out.
Remove plastic tops from toothpaste, tubes, etc.
PLACE ALL SMALL ARTICLES IN SEPARATE BOXES
SEGREGATE MATERIAL
DO NOT MIX METAL. PAPER, RUBBER, BAGS

 

Myskania Plans Games
To Aid Delense Work

Under the guiding hand of Mys-
kania, senior campus leadership so-
ciety, plans are being formulated for
an athletic program to raise money
for defense work. Tentative plans
include a faculty—Myskania basket-
ball game. a Milne Varsity-practice
teacher basketball game with a fenc-
ing demonstration at the half. A.
Harry Passow. ’42, member of Mys-
kania. who is organizing the affair,
says “I'm having a little trouble get-
ting faculty in a playing condition
and a date for the affair." The
money from the affair will be dis-
tributed among the State College
War Activities Council, the Red
Cross. and the United Service 01'-
ganizations. The War Activities
Council has been especially hamp-
ered in its work, because of a com-
plete lack of funds.

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

 

Slate’s Perfect Specimens
Photographed by DoBeII

Ann Sheridan isn't the only
one with “Oomph,” and Harvard
isn’t the only one to judge. Out
of the entire student body. Dr.
Howard A. DoBell, Professor of
Mathematics. selected eight stu-
dents to display their many
physiques and feminine contours
in front of the camera.

Candid Camera shots were
taken to be included in the April
issue of the New York Slate
E'ducaliou magazine so the
eight perfect specimens don-
ned ski suits and shouldered
skiis (which they did not use)
for a winter scene in Washing-
ton Pnrk, returning to model
evening clothes for a glimpse
of nightlife at State.

 

TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

DIAL 5-1913

CAFETERIA

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

i

 

m:vvvvvvVVYYVYYYVVYVVVYVVVVvVYVVYYVVYVVVVVVVVV

> KIMMEY’S BREAD i

HOLSUM (White Bread)

KLEEII - MAID WHEAT
HOLSUM GRAGKEII WHEAT

(Delicious Toasted)
J. L. KIMMEY BAKERY

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

 

Albany, N. Y.

 

Competing For Prom Queen Laurels

By Kay Doran

When the coveted crown is plac-
ed on the head of the Junior Prom
Queen. it is destined to adorn the
epitome of feminine pulchritude, for
all five of these lovely State lassies,
Marilynn Rich, Mildred Mattice,
Dorothy Cox, June Melville, Shirley
Eastman, are “queens” in their own
right. The nominations are unusual
for it is the first time in the history
of the traditional Junior Prom that
four blondes and only one brunette
were chosen. All five admitted their
surprise, considering it an honor to
be “just one of the five."

Tall and stately Marilynn Rich,
known to her associates as “Rich
Kid.” is local talent from Menands.
It is she who constructed the huge,
symbolic crown in the lower hall
of Draper which advertises the an-
imal event. Marilynn’s posters fre-
quently grace the halls, for she has
a keen interest in art in all its form
——cxcept surrealism, and especially
likes to study anatomy “just by the
way of art," she adds. The “Rich
Kid" is partial to State men, one in
particular. “Our anniversary is Feb-
ruary 28 and we've never had a
fight." Marilynn's pet peeves are
conceited men, sophistication, and
dirty jokes.

Drifting from one blonde to an-
other, we come to Millie Mattice,
comely class Vice President. Millie
confesses she is not the athletic
type. “I don't even play ping-pong,"
she adds. Music is her primary en-
joyment. A member of Music Coun-
cil, she likes both classical and
swing. Millie likes State best, then
Union. It was not hard to guess
why, for Millie has the continuous
habit of gazing at her “third finger
left hand." “I'm afraid the diamond
will fall out,” she laughed. When
asked when she planned to get mar-
ried she said “that depends on
whether or not they change the five
year plan."

Dottie Cox is the brunette radical
with dimples and vivaclty. When

 

asked “Are there any more at home
like you?”, she replied, “Only six
more, brothers and sisters." Dottie
who is class songleader, also likes
music, and reluctantly admitted try-
ing to play the violin. Dottie be-
lieves the way to a man's heart is
through his stomach, and she can
actually cook, excelling in pies. “And
I haven't had any complaints yet,"
she laughed. Dottie is a Math ma-
jor and Commerce minor, but be-
lieves that the Commerce depart-
ment entails too much homework.
Her man has to be tall, either
blonde, brunette, or red-head. Her
weaknesses are falling asleep in
classes and Mr. Bulger.

Wistful beauty is the description
for June Melville who is noted
around college for her dramatic
ability among other things. June
likes people—especially one. Here-
upon she could not resist indulging
in a pun. “I like cookies, especially
the Bob kind." Quickly changing
the subject, she revealed that her
ambition was to get married and
have five children, maybe more. At
home she admits playing football
and softball with the “kids” on the
block. “I know I’m letting myself in
for something.” she concluded, “but
I also like to eat."

Shirley Eastman. ta. pert and viva-
cious blonde, begged her roommate
to help her out. “Well, for one
thing," she said, “Shirley’s always
smiling." Shirley doesn't claim to
be athletic, but loves dancing, part-
ies, and above all, nice clothes.
When asked what was wrong with
the clothes she was wearing she
laughed, “Nothing, only they are-
n't mine." Shirley likes men 5'8”
and under. preferably the strong
silent type. Oh yes, she prefers
State men, but still likes to “go
walking alone in the daytime."

Shirley glanced up at the crown
in Draper. “What I like about that,"
she said, “is it will fit all five of
us.”

 

Pause.~
Go refreshed

W'

IHAIIL MANII

You trust its quality

“There’s
something

i like about
the real thing"

Everybody wants is rig!
lhing for his money.
Thai’s ice-cold Coco-Colo.
Ii has quality, the quality
of genuine goodness . . .
taste, the taste that
charms and never cioys
...refreshmeni, complete
refreshment. Thirst asks
nothing more.

BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY IV

ALBANY COCA-COLA BO'I‘TLING CO.

226 No. Allen St.

Albany, N. Y. j

 

 

