\

sour COLLEGE news, FRIDAY, MARCH 1a, m:

l Murals in Milne RelofésSIO'ry'

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 13, 1942

The Weeklylﬂulletin

 

Squirrel Comes to College;

State to Debate Senior Women

 

 

 

 

 

Victory and Justice

The above picture was taken by the NEWS staﬁ' photog-
rapher last Monday night at 9:09 PM. It is a picture of the
glow emanating from the Page Hall gymnasium, which
was lighted to house a Physical Fitness defense class. This
class is a group of outsiders which at present meets in our
gym each Monday and Wednesday nights. The gym is in
use from 7:30 to 9:30 PM.

On Friday, February 20, 1942, the NEWS carried a story
on the shutdown of college buildings which stated: “The
college athletic program must undergo a change also, since
the gym has been declared unsafe by defense officials."’ As
a result the State College - St. Michael’s basketball game was
forwarded from Friday night to Thursday at 4:30 PM.

In the same issue of the NEWS on the sports page, details
were given about the effect of the blackout order on the
intramural sports program. The story said: “The intra-
mural games scheduled for evenings will have to be can-
celled.”

Taken as a whole, student cooperation in the State College
victory effort has been good. There was no undue bickering
on the part of the students when the library was shut down.
This action was accepted as a necessity. Nor was there
any resentment when the intramural program was curtailed.
Here too a necessity was accepted as such. But there is
and there will be much bickering and much resentment if
such a tactless policy is followed in the future in the ad—
ministration of the victory program at State College.

It is entirely true that the Monday and Wednesday night
activity in the gym is strictly of a victory nature. The
objective of the class is to promote physical ﬁtness. The
issue is that strangers are being made physically ﬁt at the
expense of our students. If any activity is to go on in the
gym at night it should be the activity of our students whose
physical fitness is, afte‘ all, a primary objective of this
college.

It is entirely true, also, that soon the gym will be blacked
out so that students may use it at night again, but this in
no way alters the moral issue that students have been
treated unfairly in respect to its use. When the time comes
for students to (/oua/I: their gym to outside victory work,
they will certainly do just that willingly. But until that
time comes care must be taken to insur ‘ a square deal.

Since the decla‘ation of war on December 7, this pub-
lication has followed a policy which placed it whole-heartedly
behind every victory effort. However, the NEWS thinks
that in the case of the Page flail gymnasium the adminis-
tration of victory policies has not been strictly fair. Un-
doubtedly the scheduling of this class in a circumstance
of time and place prohibited to students was an executive
oVersight. But it is an extremely dangerous oversight, not
only in that it has created a situation that is unjust to State
College students, but has negated the entire purpose of the
shutdown plan as outlined on February 20. This situation
should be rectified immediately and care should be taken
that no analogous situation eve ' arises again.

OI Time and The Classes

An administrative ruling has just been established to the
effect that students entering a classroom after the door has
been closed will be considered absent from that class. This
move was made after many faculty members complained
of the prevalence of" students coming to class five or more
minutes late and thus disrupting the class until they wore
seated.

Although this rule may seem urmeccssarily harsh (par-
ticularly to those people struggling to make 8:10 classes), it
is a justifiable one. There is usually no unexpected calamity
which prevents students from getting to classrooms on time.
Perhaps it involves a slight matter of five or ten minutes less
sleep: such a loss should not permanently injure anyone.

Remember, the Freshman Handbook speciﬁcally states:
“All class exercises, laboratory periods, and the student
ﬁssem’bly are college appointments which students must

60]).

JUNIOII IINGS

A representative of the of-
ﬁcial college Jewelers, Glea-
son and Company, will be
at a table in the Rotunda
this Tuesday, March 17, be-
tWeen the hours of 10 A. M.
and 2 P. M. to take orders
from members of the junior
class for 10I3 college rings.

SE]!

Any woman who could
pass ll stenogrnphic test and
is interested in u position
in -\\'nshlngton, l). (3., please
cont-th the Student ~ Em-
ployment Bureau at once.

l'nul llulger
Director of SE"

NYA
NYA time curds are due
today at - ’. h. i: is
absolutely necessary that
they be in at this time.
Evelyn M. Smith
Student Director of NYA

SE"

it. is very important that
all seniors and graduate
students registered with the
Student; l‘lmployment Bureau
fill in the number of the
room where ouch class is
being held; also where you

can be located in tree pe-
riods. We must be able to
locate you at any time.
Please check your schedule
curds immediately.
Paul Bulger
Director ot snn

SOCIAL CALENDAR
.‘lill'i'll ill—SCA C h o r u 5,
Lounge, 3:30 P. M.
March ill—Kappa Betti An-

niversary Banquet, How-
:Ird Johnson's, (I P. M.
Mari-h ltl--~I\' n p p n B e t a
house dance, 8:30 1’. M.
March Ill—Kappa Deltn Rho
house party, 8:30 I’. M.
March H—Sigmn anbdn
Sigma vie party. 0 P. M.
March tH—Hnrp’s Riot, Page
Hull gym, fl P. M.
March 17—-Club X meeting,
Lounge, 12 noon.

MIIrelI iii—Debate 'Stinillllil‘,.
.\ .

Room 20, 3:30 I’.

March lS—Cinss’ieui Club
meeting, Lounge, 3:30
i’. M.

.‘Tlll'i'll 10—-F re n c h C i u b
meeting, Lounge, 3:30
P. M.

March iii—Kappa Phi Kappa
"tooling, Suyles Hall, 8
l'. M.

 

Wm 4aon¢4

by Feigenbaum

Japanese dive bombers destroyed Dutch plans to
stage a bitter-end defense at Bandung, Java. Nether-
lands officers who arrived in Australia said an armis-
tice had been declared, but that United Nations troops
were said to be still ﬁghting in Central and Eastern
Java.
With the Japanese controlling three ports on the
island of New Guinea, the cry from Australia is for
more men and equipment. The Australian govern-
ment has ordered that any livestock or equipment in
northern Australia that might be used by the enemy
must be destroyed. Australian air forces are striking
back hard at the Jap invasion fleets inflicting heavy
damage. ‘

The British withdrew from ruined Rangoon, es-
caped a Japanese trap. and joined the Chinese army
in central Burma where the allies must make another
stand to keep the Japs from driving into India.

The Jap commander on Luzon committed hari-kari.
The Jap conqueror of Singapore was given the Job
of trying to beat MacArthur on the Bataan Peninsula.

Reports from Moscow indicate that the Russian army
is continuing their drive against Nazi strong points
but do not mention any names except to say that the
German 16th Army is slowly being whittled down in
the Staraya Russa sector.

The British have stepped up their aerial offensive
against Germany with heavy raids on the industrial
Ruhr valley. British airmen again bombed war fac—
tories on the outskirts of Paris.

There is no news of fighting in Libya.

It appears that the United Nations have changed
their grand strategy. The year 1942 seems to have
been changed from a year of preparation to a year of
attack. Fearful that the axis offensive will go so
far that it will be impossible for the allies to start
their offensive when they are ﬁnally prepared. the
United Nations may launch their attack this Spring.
Russia is demanding that a second front against Ger-
many be opened up on the continent of Europe, and
that now is the time for it.

 

Tragedy in Drama

The Critic -—

The two plays presented Tuesday night proves that
there is a noteworthy difference between the words
tragedy and tragical. The first production was a
successful tragedy, a character play, moving, natural,
and well—portrayed; the second was tragicni, a bogus
tragedy, which turned into n "hokus-pokus" farce.

The play directed by June Melville was a Victorian
theme dressed in modern clothes, a theme still up-
to-date with its Freudian undertones. a theme which
left the audience something to ponder on. Eunice
Baird, the mother conditioned and inhibited by an
unfortunate marriage, overcame her self-interest. su-
premely, and was especially effective in her last
scene, which was moving and intense. Yet the
scene between Miss Baird and Betty Taylor was still.
unnatural, and unmoving. Marian Sovlk's portrayal
of the sophisticated daughter deserves applause. This
part ﬁtted Miss Sovlk uniquely. I-lcr actions were
casual, natural: her poise almost perfect. But top
honors in this play go to the lighting crew. The
lighting fitted aptly the mood and tempo of the play.
especially in the concluding moments, when the spot-
light encircled Miss Bull'd.

Anyone interested in drama might easily have wopt
over the second play. directed by Betty Mars-ton, but
not because of the effect of this supposedly intense
tragedy. The fault obviously lay in the play itself.
The situation was obviously overdrawn to the point
of ridicule. The very lines hindered the actors who
seemed to sense the artificial nature of their speeches.
The type characters offered little opportunity for
characterization.

Morris Gerber OVcrplayed his part. Jean Tracy
underplayed hers. Only George Seifert, the self-sac—
rificing doctor, seemed natural and sincere.

The ending of the play, in which the doctor was
calmly told that he was dead, only added to the
amusement of the audience. But the spark, symbolic
set. and the well-timed and moving sound effects used
in the explosion were outstanding.

...V_

By Herb Lencker .“

Now that carbonated beverages are doomed in the
Annex, and rightfully so—all things consrdered—thy
not set up a vending machine in the Commons (where
eating is expressly forbidden), in order that those
seeking an afternoon pick-me-up wall not be forcgd
to go elsewhere for their I'cfrcshments—wimch might
not be soft.

“Right now we’re concerned with the question of
how our side can win the war and are plenty busy
learning our part in the job."

Thus Harry Gumaer, pilot of the News: in '37, and
Charlie Gaylord, advertising manager of the same
noble organ the following year, explained their pres—
ence in the Officers’ Candidates School at Fort Mon-
mouth, N. J.

Already having completed six Weeks of training,
(administration, communication, organization, map-
reading, weapons, drill, etc.) the boys must successfully
pass through another six week period before getting
commissions as Second Lieutenants.

Cleanliness Essential

If you think we at State, the self-styled intellectual
artistocraey, wrack our brains unduly, well—it’s a
pleasant delusion. Aside from the complexity of their
studies, the personal equipment of the officers-to-be
must be spotless, as “the school operates on a strict
demerit system, so we have to shine our shoes, dust
our lockers, and de—wrinkle our bunks with a ven-
geance.”

Not merely content to look at the job in sight,
they conﬁde that they are also thinking of the prob-
lems and opportunities “that will come with the re-
establishment of peace on a broader basis."

Located in Company F, 15th Signal Service Regi—
ment, Charley and Harry send on the following—to be
sung to the tune of “The Old Gray Marez"

We don’t have to march like the infantry.
Ride like the cavalry, shoot like the artillery.
We don’t have to fly over Germany,

We are the signal corps . . .

Who is to Blame?

Before lamenting too loudly the lack of sufficient
spirit among State Students, let’s look at the organiza-
tions that should promote this spirit. . . .

Forum, potentially one of the best mediums of
Student expressiot—and incidentally one of the best
mediums of arousing student'spirit, has degenerated to
the point, where, at the last meeting, less than fifteen
people attended. Fortunately the lifeless aspect of the
meetings has been recognized by the leaders—«who are
now embarking on a welcome reorganization of the
method of conducting Forum

New “Soap-Box" Good

Forerunner of this program was the streamlining of
the official organ, the “Soap Box,” which from now on
will be distributed every Friday by the Nun's—which
is solidly behind the venture—and at some other time
during the week. . . .

This News backing is a tribute to the editorial effi—
ciency of Rhona Ryan—~and others who are attempting
to shave the Wl‘i‘kCl'S off old man Forum—pausing
every now and then to shoe away ti.e buzzards circling
about in hopes of a nice, luscious corpse . . .

Perhaps the most important agency of all in develop—
ing student spirit is the weekly Assembly, already
slaughtered by the ridiculing pen of Roy Sommcrs in
his satirical Alice in Bluiidcrlund. You cannot be in-
stilled with the best attitudes in an atmosphere gen-
erally conducive to slumber . . .

Pluu activities in (i spirit of (rimprfi'u.limi, and
mqu them interesting nut/cc every student. frrl I/IuI
he is needed, not only (i. fqu and when this has Iu'I'u
done, (hen the gout/rut student body can In ll,(l.l)l.(’(l. . . .

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, 1916
by the Class OI 1918
Friday, March |.‘t, litI'J, No. ‘..‘l

Member Distrlbut '
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Duilycst
Ii‘he I‘I'udengrmliuuie newspaper of the New York Sluli- (.‘ul-
ego or "rut-let's published vrery I"l‘ltli|’ of the colic“
your by the NEWS itourd for tho SIudent’Asswlntion. M
Phones: Office, 5~iiii71i: I) " H l-" »." - ' - ‘ " I
“NIHWHMI 3-0538- lHItllltt, l-l~lli, Ilolsttin. .1 AI.
Entered as second class mutter Albany, N. Y., pesto/1‘00-

\'lI|. XX \'l

IOEI’HHUENTED IIOII NATIONAL ADVBIITIHINQ DY
Natlonul Advcrusiug Service, Inc.
College Publisher: tic/IrrIvIIMIiI/c
420 MADIaoN AVE. NEw VORK. N. Y.
LIIICAGO ' liosrou I Lon Analus ' SAM Francisco

The News Board

EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN — ~ — -
WILLIAM R. DORRANCE w- -

A. HARRY PASBOW —- —-

MADELINE GRUNWALD —-

HARRIET DEFOREST ADVERTISING MANAGER
ALLEN SIMMONS CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL -- — SPORTB EDITOR
FLORA GABFARY AesocIATE EDITOR
MURIEL BCOVELL AacocIATE EDITOR
DAVID SLAVIN — AssocIArE EDITOR

EDITOll-IN-CHIEF
(JO-EDITOR IN-CIIIEI’
MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER

“mm

All communications should be uddreusod to ti

‘ to editor and
(tiniest be signed. Names will be withheld upon muesl-
t. it. SiAllt LIILLIGGE NEWS assumes no rcs‘ponsihllity
or opinion expressed in its columns or commuulwtiolﬂ-
its such expressions do not necessarily reflect its View.

 

Columbia Today
Will Confront Colgate

Tomorrow in the Lounge

Broadcasting tonight at 9 :30 P. M.,
over Station WURC, campus station
at Columbia University, two State
College students will participate in
an informal panel discussion on the
direction of the American foreign
policy after the present conﬂict with
its possible effects on a workable
world order. Previous to this infor-
mal table discussion with Columbia
University. Marie Soule and Verna
.Snyder, juniors, met this afternoon
with harangers from Queens Col-
lege, at Queens College. to present
further ideas and sciutions for the
American foreign policy. This dis-
cussion was also of the informal
panel style.

Next on the Debate Council sched-
ule for this weekend is a. formal
panel discussion with students from
Colgate University Saturday after-
noon. Marian Sovik, '44, and Shirley
Wurz, ’43, also interested in Amer-
ican foreign policy. are the State
speakers on this same topic, which is
scheduled to keep Debate Councilors
busy for many a day.

An open forum to provide for
hecklers, members of the opposi-
tion, and any others of the audience
who may wish to air their views,
has been scheduled to follow the
formal speeches. This debate holds
sway tomorrow afternoon in the
lounge at 4:30 P. M.

A week from Monday State and
Keuka College will battle forth on
the topic of Pan-American relations.
Discussion will be of the possibil-
ities for better relations between the
the United States and Latin America.
State speakers will be Verna Snyder,
'43, and Lois Hampei, ’44.

Books of State Faculty
Now on Sale in Co-op

A collection of the major works of
the members of the State College
faculty are now in the Co-op.

Dr. Donnal V. Smith, Professor of
Social Studies, has written two books.
namely Commuuilu Living; and Our
National Colitiilllllllil, text books for
the seventh and eighth grades re-
spectively. These are to serve as
study guides in social learning.

Dr. Watt. Stewart, Professor of
Social Studies. and Dr. Harold Peter-
son of the State ’l‘cachcr‘s College
in Buffalo. were the co-authors of
Builders of Lil/iii Auir'rir'u which is
ahistorical study of the eminent
leaders of South America.

The Nlllltmttl Bituminous Coal
Company by Dr. Ralph Baker, In-
structor in Social Studies, is a
research work that deals with coal
mining and distribution.

Dr. Varley Lang has published
his first literary work, Hturs Arr
Smut], a collection of poetry.

Invited to Meet

The women of the Senior class
have been invited to attend a gen-
eral meeting of the American Asso-
ciation of University Women which
will be held in the Ingle Room at
Pierce Hall, Monday, March 16, at
815 PM. State College is one of
the few teachers' colleges whose wo-
men graduates are eligible to join
the association. It was thought ad-
visable that the State College wo-
men learn something about the ad-
vantages of such an organization
and the type of programs presented
by attending the regular March
meeting.

The program this month will con-
sist of a dramatic presentation by
the Little Theatre Group of the
A.A.U.W. The scenes are under the
direction of Miss Betty Finch, ’35,
and the cast includes the following
State alumnae: Miss Marie Metz,
‘40, Miss Marjorie Wheaton. ’36,
Supervisor of French in Milne, and
Mrs. Dorothy Brimmer Ten Eyck,
‘30. The program shows one aspect
of the various study and recrea-
tional groups of the organization.
At previous meetings, such topics as
War Economics. Excavations in Sa—
mothrace, Country Libraries, Liter-
ature and the War, A.A.U.W. Legis-
lation Program, Consumer Interests
and American Music, have been dis-
cussed. Refreshments will bc served
at the Inecting. Mrs. Agnes Nolan
Underwood, ’20. secretary of the
State College Alumni Association,
and president of the Albany Branch
of the A.A.U.W.. urges that all senior
women avail themselves of this op-
portunity.

May 2 Entry Deadline

For Lovenheim Contest

Dr. Shields McIlwnine. Professor
of English. has released the rules
pertaining to the awarding of the
Leah Lovenheim prize for English
composition. This is an annual prize
of $25 given on Moving-Up Day to
the author of the best original short
story.

The rules for submitting an entry
are as follows: The deadline for
submitting stories is May 2. The
manuscript must be signed with a
pen name, and attached to the
manuscript must be a sealed en-
velope containing the title of the
story and the real name of the
author.

The manuscripts should be brought
to Room 36 in Richardson There is
no limitation as to subject, form or
length of the entry.

The winner of the Leah Lovenheim
award last year was Ellen Hur-
ley, ’41.

Avery Returns to Classes

The Commerce Department. an-
nounces the return of Miss Blanche
Avery, typing instructor, to her desk
in third floor Draper after an illness
of eight weeks.

and]. and m wean ﬂotach
do 74! ol/eeamcna

Ed. NUIt'I This is Ilu' .s ’(‘tlillt in (L series of urlii'lcs 'ii‘lllt‘ll will deserin
the tour (ﬂorl Ill‘llt‘llii'h’ oi llu' roller/r. luformulion published. is ([It‘t’il h};

the Wur .lI'IiI‘ilies Council.

in reference to last week's column
Henry Krutz suggested that. the girls
also learn how to cook and bake so
that they could send cakes and
cookies to the fellows in the service.
Not a bad idea, Hunk ! That should
help bolster morale. . . .

According to (lhmy Polhemus, the
State College Press Bureau is send-
ing out notices to our hometown
newspapers about the special ell'orts
being made by State College students
in the way of war activities. These
should be published about the time
of Spring Vacation. so if you've been
Working at. some phase or other of
the victory drive look for your name
in your own neWspnper around Ens-
ter. This should provide seine incen-
tive for you slackers. . . .

We hear that Flora (luspm'y and
Nancy l-inll are doing some splendid

research on another radio script. for
the Victor Family. Mary Macintosh.
Mary Klein. Sunna Cooper, Mary
Studelmker. Rhona Ryan, and Mar-
garet l‘tuycheii‘ are working on a
radio script for the Red Cross about
nlu'scs' aid. Nice going girls i Flush i
The “SilllD-IJOX,” official publication
of the Forum of Politics has under—
gone a revision to interpret world
events. This change is being spon~
sored by the War Activities Council.
We wish Rhona l'tyun, editor, and
Thelma Levinson. publication chief,
lots of luck with the new idea. . . .

A late but important bouquet of
flowers goes to Henrietta Abrumo—
vitz, J. Michael Hippick. Mary Vill-
uno, Eugenie Elswood. Janet Weitzer,
and James Wahler for recruiting
workers for the Interceptor Com-
mund.

 

 

“Join Us at Johnson’s”
DAILY LUNCHEON SPECIALS
PURITAN ROOM AVAILABLE FOR

SOROI'IITY, SOCIAL OR BUSINESS
MEETINGS

HOWARD JOHNSON’S

739 CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY

 

C. P. LOWRY

JEWELER WATCH REPAIRING

GRUEN - HAMILTON - ELGIN
LONGINEB WATCHES

239 CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

Breaks Glass Pencil Tray

Nutsl That’s what did it—
broke the glass pencil tray in the
registrar's office. Miss Mary
Vaughan, secretary to the Dean,
having a soft spot in her heart
for the diminutive Tarzans of
the squirrel kingdom, has estab-
lished the habit of feeding them
from the office window. The
other day one squirt decided he’d
work freedom backwards and
accordingly leapt in the window.
Not being a psychic fellow, he
didn’t foresee that there would
be a glass tray waiting to receive
him. But it wast And it re-
ceived him with loud acclaim—
of broken glass. Poor Tarzan lost
his nerve and scampered off to
disappear in the oblivion of State
College. So, beware when you're
in that history lecture or math
class—you may be studying na-
ture before you’re through i

 

SCA Sponsors Discussion

Dr. Everett Baker, vice-president
of the American Unitarian Associa-
tion of Boston, will be the principal
speaker at the informal discussion
to be sponsored by SCA on Sunday
afternoon from 3 to 5 PM. at Beta
Zeta Sorority house on 680 Madison
Avenue.

OI Albany from

by Osnif Serablan,

The Bout may have its murals, but
Milne High School has them too. If
you are interested in seeing Albany
as it was in “them thar days" when
the Mohican Indians held sway, just
visit our next door neighbors, “the
Milnes."

Through an appropriation of funds
and the earnings from class activ-
ities, the Milne Student Council pro-
vides for the addition of a new
mural to the collection each year.

Keen insight into the habits and
customs of the Mohicans was gained
by David Lithgow, noted artist and
sculptor who paints the murals. Of
Scottish ancestry he settled in
Albany in 1900 and lived for a while
with the Iroquois Indians.

Those scenes serve as an excellent
guide in a study of history for they
depict historical Albany showing the
costumes, dress accessories, and
ornaments of various periods.

The ﬁrst mural depicts a scene
from The Last of the Mohicans.
Indian head work on the border
resembles wampum belts seen in the
State Education Museum. The sec-
ond mural. of a narrative character
and employing symbolism, portrays
a group of Mohican Indians in front

Infant Days .- v

of a typical bark house; the site is"
that of the present city of. Albany
on the banks of the Hudson. The .
coming of the Half Moon is por-
trayed in the third mural which
typifies the threatened inﬂuence of
the white man and his crafts. The
fourth scene shows Albany at the
time it was held by the English in
1695; this portrays the white man
and the Indians at the trading post.
A mural showing the Van Rens-
selaer mansion which is now a
fraternity house in Williamstown
emphasizes the friction that existed
between the tenant and the landlord.
Another mural portrays the scene
in which the granting of a. charter
to Albany was made. The Schuyler
mansion in the next mural serves as
the background for the courtship
scene between Alexander Hamilton
and Elizabeth Schuyler. Another pic-
ture depicts the Anti-Ratiﬁcation
Riot that took place near the Lydiu
House which stood at the northeast
corner of State and Pearl Streets.
The last mural deals with the com-
ing of the Cleremont at a point below
Albany called Cedar Hill. In this
mural the decorative symbolism of
the border is the salient charac-
teristic.

 

 

ground . .

ﬁtted torso line.

 

SHIP AHOY

You’ll capture the Army and the
Navy in this triple sheer rayon crepe
“sailor girl” dress. Sleek-ﬁtting, sep-
arate skirt,
enough for summer-long wear. Navy
only. Sizes 9 to 15 . . . . . . . . . . 12.95

JUNIOR SHOP . . . . Second Floor

POPPY PRINT

Be gay in a print big and bold! Gay

green poppies on a soft gold back-
. shoulde ' and yoke detail,
Also green on red.

Sizcs9t015 . . . . .........7.95

JUNIOR SHOP . . . . SECOlid Floor

white braid trim. Cool

 

 

 

 

 

 

