     
  
 

f STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Established May,.l9l6
by the Class of l9l8

Friday, September 25, 1942 No. 2

1 g _Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Cni/ﬂgfnln Digest

The undergraduate newspaper or the, New York state Obl-
Ieg'e for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the student Association.
Phones: Office, 5-9373; Slavln, 2-9726; Burrows, 2-2752

   
  

>1. ‘ ‘1“
'-Vol.XXVlI

 

II'IIIINTID POI NATIONAL ADVII'IIINC IV

letlomlﬂdveriisingSemce, Inc.
Gallon Pﬁle Runnablth

480 MADIOON Ave. NEW YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO I IOI‘IOI - LOI ANOILII - IAN PlAﬂclICo

- The News ’Board

DAVID sLAVIN - - - - - :nnonamcmzr
FLORA M. GASPARY
R. MURIEI. SCOVELLl
CAROLYN BURROWS - - - -
REVERLV PALATSKY - - -
KATHERINE cousth . -

- - (IO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER

PETER MARCHETTA - - - - - SPORTS EDITOR
JANET BAXTER - . - - - - AesoctATE EDITOR
BERNARD SKOLSKY - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BETTY STENGEL - - - - - - AssoctATE EDITOR

 

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. Tlte STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
view.

We Have Before Us . . . .

it was extremely disheartening to leartt that
nearly ottc hundred stttdettts, as of yesterday, itad
ttot paid their student taxes. College ltas now
been in regttlar session for tttorc titatt a week, attd
nearly everyone has had an opportttttity to
anrange for paymcttt.

 

In many cases, of course, payment default t'an-
Itot be blamed on the students themselves. We
cattnot bttt realize ltow many of tlte tttctt itt col-
lege are hesitating to expend $14 for benefits
which they may not be able to enjoy, lll view of
the uncertain world sitttatiott. However, no
organization, ttot even the Student .-\ssociatiott,
can make plans attd comtttitntettts for an entire
year with close to $l500 missing front its total
budget appropriation. Contracts have bcctt
let games ltave been scheduled; the money which
ltas not yet been ctttircly raised ltas, for the tttost
part, been spent or allotted for specific purposes.
The possibility of forced rcftttuls in the middle
of the year only ('asts furtlter darkness on the
picture.

(.‘hief culprit lit the matter is Student Associa-
tiott itself. It neglected to set up adequate
machinery itt advance to meet the sttttation be-
fore the cltrottic ttecd became acutc. Enrollment
has dropped approximately 133% tltis year, attd,
as things stand today, the percentage may be
"null higher by january.

it is imperative at tltis titttc that: (I) Finance
Board be tttattdated to make a fttil atul thorough
investigation of the tax attd bttdget situations;
(2) That Finance Board presettt to the Student
Association concrete resolutions setting up ma-
citittery whereby the budget may be t'ttaintaincd
or altered ill the cvcttt of a tttass exodus of the
remaining tttctt front the tollcgc; (ii) 'l‘hat these
actions be totttpleted by Finance Board witltin
the week of October 2 to ()ttoher fl. and pre-
sented to the Assot iatiott for consideration on the
latter date.

Where, Oh Where

'l‘he time has (unit to say sotttcthittg about it.
We mean the state of things at Stan- - in short.
the people. The sum and substitute of the
matter is, they just aren't. 'l'hc Itt'shtttcn
wouldn't notitc it. lntt we pity an alumnus
returning to his old haunts.

'l'hc (lottttttons is tiosed. 'l'hat may amount
for stttttt' of it. llut there's still the Annex. ttot
to mention the l’. 0. Last year you couldn't
llll'll around without running ittto half a (lo/cu
pcopl'e. .\ sad t‘ctersal has taken plate. \Vlit'l't'.
We'd like to know, is State (Iollcge hibernating?

(Some on. uppertfassmen, snap ottt of it. Put
some of the old life batk into your Alma Mater.
We still have to keep up morale. even if it's ottiy
your own. Anything lntt this silcntc, this lot-
por. this paralysis that holds State itt its lt')’ grasp!

—-_._.‘

WHITEHEAD,
STAR iNFIEID-
ER

   

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
    
  

  
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
   
  
  
 
 

 

 

EDGAR BE'll-IELL AND HIS
WIFE, ROSE, BOTH MADE
STRAIGHT 'A‘ AVERAGES
AT THE UNIVERSITY OF
ARKANSAS LAST
SEMESTER .’

 

 

 

  
  

 

  
  
  
 

   

 

       
  

   

 

WAY BACK WHEN, IT WAS
cunon FOR courses
to FURNISH PROFESSORS WITH
PASIURES FOR THEIR cows .I

    

    
 

    
  
 

  
   
  

 

 

 

RlENOW TAKE NOTICE

(See Bottom)

 

WM 4%

by Feigenboum

 

Schikelgruber the Great raged.
General Fedor von Bock quaked in
his polished military boots. His
Fuhrer had ordered him to capture
Stalingrad at any cost, and after
30 night—maro-filled days of hellish
bombing by Nazi dive—bombers and
long-range soige guns, the Russian
defenders of the city are still fight—
ing back taking a tremendous toll of
their German attackers.

Stalingrad is gutted, and almost
nothing remains to indicate the great
industrial city it once was. Inside,
the city is ablaze with the ﬁghting
proceeding from house to house and
street to street. Russian defenders
have erected barricades at every
corner and behind every pile of
rubble. The Germans capture a few
blocks in the daytime only to be
driven back by Russian counter—
attacks at night. German bombers
and long-range so'tgo guns have de-
veloped a new technique itt blasting
the city. After they concentrate
their fire on a limited section of the
city, German troops move in and oc—
cupy the houses, if any, which are
still standing.

The ruins that were once the city
of Stalingrad still remain in Rus-
sian hands. Schikclgrttbor the Great
still rages, and General Fodor Von
Bock quakes in his polished military
boots.

The British High Command an—
nounced that on September l3 and

14, British army units slipped
through Rommel’s Egyptian lines
and struck at his sttpply bases
as far as 500 miles to his rear.
Simultaneously, British Commandos
raided Tobruk on the Libyan coast.
Otherwise action on this front was
at a standstill.

No new announcements have
come from General MacArthur's
headquarters concerning fighting in
the Pacific. As the situation still
stands in that sector United Na-
tions' forces still ltold tho Solonton
Islands, and have stopped the Japs
on the Island of New Guinea where
they had driven toward Port Mores-
by nortit of Australia.

Tho inhabitants of the capital of
the Island of Madagascar cheered
British troops as they entered the
city.

The British radio warned the
French people to evacuate tlto
coastal region of France. However,
they also stated that an invasion
would ttot take place until the com—
plotc annihilation of the German
troops was a certainty. Last Spring
the British radio also warned
French workers in factories produc—
ing for the Germans that they would
be botnbed. Maybe the British
want to get all the civilians out of
the coastal region so that their tnili—
tttt'y operations would Itot be hamp-
ered by well—meaning French pa—
tt'iots.

   
  
  
  
  

 

 

by Herb Leneker

If they want to really make this scrap metal drive a
success, why don’t they conﬁscate those lengthy chains
dragged by wearers of the Zoot suits. . . .

THOUGHT roa TODAY—The State ColiegeiNews
can be mailed anywhere, including Army Posts, for
ll/zt‘ by merely folding, addressing, and stamping. . . .

ADDED ITEMS—Betty Fallon & Marie Metz, of not:
so far back, are among the WAACS. . . . Ensign Jake
Powell, '39, is now a Navy instructor at Columbia.
Claims his prize pupils are a couple of lads named
Will Fremont and Warren Densmore. . . . Santi Por-
cino, ’39, King of the jitterbugs and big brother of Pete
Porcino, ’46, now cuts his rugs at Camp Upton. . . .
Helmuth Schoen came through the Dutch Harbor
bombing without a scratch. . . . Jack Ryan, ivory
tickler of the class of ‘40, got himself a captaincy, a
wife, and a free ride overseas. They even let him fly
the plane. . . . Paul Grattan, the popular senator with
the rye humor, is pushing pills somewhere in the
tropics. Writes he is slowly going native. . . . Al
Mescltter (his howl would put a wolf to shame) sports
a midshipman’s uniform at the Merchant Marine Acad—
emy, Great Neck, Long Island. . . .

Holstein at Notre Dame
Ed Holstein, versatile member of '42, and Co-Editor
of what is fast becoming “Slavin’s sorrow,” writes that

' all is not tea attd orttmpets with the V-7 trainees.

“It's a good full 16-hour day and when I say full I
mean we have about an hour of the 16 to ourselves.
But the training is both interesting and balanced
physically & mentally, so the overall picture is one of
a busy but contented existence.”

Located at the Naval training school at Notrc Datno,
Ed writes of the beautiful campus, but adds that after
seeing the many students who don’t even know each
other by sight, he feels that the friendliness of State
makes up for what might be lacking to the seeker of
campus—glamour and pseudo—sophistication.

Tho trainees usually have from Saturday noon till
Sunday night liberty (time off), which is on the most
part spent in nearby South Bend. Ed speaks of the
excellent service center there, and of the generous hos-
pitality of the citizens, who do everytlting to provide
a friendly atmosphere for the lads who hope someday
to ride the waves as officers and gentlemen.

Ratio Unlike State

There are at least 2 major dances every weekend
for the V—7 boys, but unfortunately the ratio is not
with the mett, “and a 30—seeond dance with a decent
dancer is the epitome of achievem mt."

Don Grocn attd Bill Dickson are also training at
Nott'c Dame, or better, finishing up training, as all 3
expect to be transferred soon. Recently Bill Forrest
and Phil Kaufman. ox—Coiiegc House marines, dropped
in on the boys for a wee bit of reminiscing. . . .

Holstein emphasizes the loss of individuality during
training, claiming this to be one of the most amazing
things happening to tltc future fighters. However he
is qttitc satisfied with the whole affair, and is looking
forward to his advance training.

"Oddly enough I have progressed from the class of
'42 to platoon 42. it was a good class, and in the words
of our company officer, ’It’s a d— good platoon.’ ”

Trece Aney, State's Victory Girl

State College’s Victory girl, Trcco Aney, editor of
the Collegiate War Digest, and pulchritudinous spark-
plug behind the war stamp drive last year, is now
starting a correspondence list—whereby anyone so do—
sit'ing can get a couple of addresses of State men in.
the services, on the condition that they write periodic—
ally to titesc tncn.

If you ltave a brother (or tnaybc a sister) in the
ranks, the morale—value of such a program need not
be explained. It's the most welcome, and least embar-
rassing way you cttn tell someone that they have not
been forgotten by those of us who are still civilians.

Itt addition to Truce Aney’s list, some system should
be worked out whereby all our men now in unifornt
receive free copies of the NEWS regularly. As men—
tiottod above, it would only cost il/gc for mailing. . . . .

 

GWMJGd-edh - - o o .

This is the story of Joe Doukos ~
Who always did everything Right.

He did the Rigitt 'l‘hings as a Freshman;

He wore the Correct. Clothes and he

Moved only fit the most Approved Circles.
Ho avoided all the people who did the
Wrottg Things, like Reading Books and

llttving Ideas, and, worst of all,
Doing something about 'l‘ltcttt.

You can bet. your life Joe didn't htth
Anything to do witlt 'l'ltettt. Nossir, he

Joined the Right Fraternity with the
Right FelIoWs, tutti Boy, was be glad.

Sometime he used to Wonder, because
He didn't scent its happy as some of the

People who did the Wrong ’i‘ltittgs.

lint, then, he used to think to himself,

You can't have Everything.
Joe was real original.
Joe IteVer Failed a subject, but yott

Can bet your boots ltc wasn’t dtttttb ettottglt
To get A’s. Why, he knew that only Stooges
Got A's. Attd lte wouldn’t do anything as

Wrong as that. He didn't pay much

Attention itt class either, because everybody

knew it
Was dry stuff for It Regular Guy.

Joe used to go to the concerts and things

Because it was the Right Thing to do.
But he didn’t like Illem-

'I‘httt stuff was for high-brows.

Yeah, Joe was il really good guy.
Right down to earth, attd none of the
l-lighfttltttin stuff some kids ttffceicd

Always doing the Riglti. Thing, that was

Dottch for you.

Attd when Joe got a job, he got till-tilt)
A year. Of course he stayed at that

by Itltonu ltyttn

The Weekly Bulletin

All students who find N.Y.A. as-
sistance necessary if they are to cott—
titttte itt college this year should
register in Miss Dthtney’s oflicc
immediately. This applies to stu—
dents who registered itt tltc spring
as well as to new applicants.

SAtt/t T. Dl'ZLANiz‘Y,
Dean of Wotttctt.

Solurv for Ten Years, ltttt, Joe used

To think to himself, You've got to
Work for what you get, slowly.

lie used to hear ont-o itt a while about
Ilow some of the guys who joined the
Wrong li‘t'ulernities, and didn't pity 5"“L 3“
Atty attention to the Right Thing to Do
lle’d lt'lll'ii
Ilow llicy Were earning really big
Salaries. 'l‘hen he'd get the tiniest

Sort of a twinge somewhere deep lll his
Soul, and wonder if he was dead Right
After all, But, then, he’d always think
To himseva They're just flashes itt tlto
l’att. A good Solid Guy like Me is going
To get places one day, ycssit'.
They weren’t anything if] College. So he
Kept right on plugging, and after ten years
He got a $50 raise. Yup, Joe always did
The Right 'l‘hittg-ltc’d tell you.

Were getting places fast.

l About ltittt. He made lVlyskttttitt, too.
l
l

SIH'IAI. CALENDAR

Sept. 25 .luttior Reception for fresh-
men, 8: if) I’. M.

Intrafraterttity Smoker.
8:00 to 11:00 P. M.

Sept. 27 Chttrclt receptions for
freshmen, 8:00 1’. M.

Newman Club Tea, 3100 to 5:00

1’. M., Smoker, 8:00 P. M.

Sept. 30Fot'uttt meeting, Lounge,
3:30 P. M.

NW" “ll, Oct. i~--Sororlty Open House for
freshmen, 7:00 to |0:00 P. M.

Oct. 2——~ Sorority Open House for
freshmen, 7:00 to 10:00 P. M.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, W42

 

Direct A.D. Plays

Season Starts Oct. 13
With Comedy, Tragedy

Advanced Dramatics will open its
season Tuesday evening, October 13,
with the presentation of two one-
act plays, under the direction of
Trece Aney and James McFeeley,
Juniors.

Miss Aney's play, a comedy, will
feature in its cast Lois Hampol, Paul
Barselou, and Robert Loucks, Ju—
niors.

McFeeley’s play, a tragedy, co-
stars Mary Studebaker and Harold
Ashworth, with Art Sodet'lind, all
Juniors.

Admission to the plays, as last
year, will be free to all college stu—
dents. Because of a cut in the
budget, the directors will be allowed
only seven dollars for production
costs for each play, which is three
dollars less titan they were allowed
last year.

The Advanced Dramatics class
numbers eighteen students this year.
They are: Roderick Fraser, James
Mcb'eoley, Robert Loucks, Rhona
Ryan, Treco Aney, Mary Stude—
baker, Vera Willard, Nancy Wilcox,
Arthur Soderlind, Catherine Smith,
Lois Hampol, Jean Bailey, Harold,
Asltworth, Marjorie Brcunig, Eunice
Baird, Marian Sovik, Ruth Scltmitt,
Juniors, and Shirley Wurz, '43.

The work of the class consists of
learning the technique of makeup,
and, for the most part, learning the
art of play production by directing
a one-act play for production on the
college stage. Each student does
some work, either in the cast or
serving on some of the various com—
mittees which Work on speciﬁc parts
of the general production of the
plays, such as props, scenery, cos—
tumes, etc. The climax of the year’s
work is the production of a three—
act play, Sontctime in May, under
the directorship of Miss Agnes Fut—
tcrcr, Assistant Professor of English,
and Instructor of the Elementary
and Advanced Dramatics classes.

Literary Editors
Outline Plans

The editors of State's two literary
publications are putting into opera-
tiott plans for an outstanding year.
Joan Tracy, ’43, Edicor of the Petiti-
gogue attd Kay Martin, '43, Editor of
the new literary attnual have called
meetings to otttlinc their ideas for
the ttcw year.

No ttamc has yet been chosen for
the mutual which will take the place
of last year’s Statesman. Atty sug-
gestions front students will be appre-
ciated by the staff. Miss Martin
emphasizes that this magazine is for
tlto students attd will be written by
tltcnt. All contributions will be
carefully considered. It is ltoped
that an encouraging interest will be
shown by the students on Activities
Day when they have a chance to
sign up for work on the annual.

The staff will work itt close co-
operation with the English depart—
ment but contributions ttuty be sub—
tttitted to the staff by individuals.
Miss Martin will furtltcr discuss
plans III a staff meeting to be held
Monday at 3:30 P. M.

The staff of the liltiil Pcdttgogue
all ready has Its activities well under
way. Appointment schedules for
pictures will be posted next Week itt
the lower hall of lJt'ttpcr. Jean
Tracy, l‘l(lllt)i‘—lll-—t‘lll('f, requests all
ttjnterclasstttctt who want their pie—
tut'es itt the l’etfng/ognt' to sign up
at their earliest opportuttity.

Vacancies itt the acht'tisittg stuff
will be filled from the present class
of Juniors. Anyone who is inter-
ested is requested to see Miss 'l‘t'ttcy.

Deadline

(Continued from page I, column I)

dents anti six freshmen, 2‘1 Sopho-
mores, 17 Juniors and fill Seniors to
buy tux tickets. lly tltc end of the
year, 038 tickets had been sold and
iii refunds had been tttade. This
was still ttot 100",. cotntertttion, and
cuts Were necessarily made on all
uppi‘opl‘ltttiollti. Witlt the decreased
enrollment this year, it is more
imperative titan ever tltut 100% of
the student body buy tux tickets.

Aney, McFeeley ALL THAT PEOPLE EVER DO IS GRIPE--

 

 

Girls, do you want to know what
the men of State think of you? And
fellows, are you going to be sur-
prised! As a result of a recent sur-
vey, it was discovered that the pet
gripes of both sexes were about
members of the opposite sex.

For example, Fran Boyle says
that the “wolf” situation is teriffic,
and “they even travel in packs.”
Ann Deutsehbcin sums up the situa-
tion in saying merely that there are
no men at all in State. (What are
we anyhow, mice?) Phyllis Car-
penter is particularly peeved at boys
who stand around in corners at
dances. Jean Chapman, evidently
with an eye to her ﬁgure, doesn’t
like the one cent candy that her
beau entertains her with. Jane
Heath’s pet peeve about men is,
spoken in a pathetic appeal, “They
stay away frotn me.”

To which a chorus of male voices

Radio Research

Helpers Needed

Students Will Assist
City Defense Council

Dr. Robert Rionow, Assistant Pro—
fessor in Social Studies, has issued
a call for students who are interested
in doing radio research work, and
who want to help in the war effort.
The Albany Defense Cottncil pre-
sents a radio program each week in
an effort to bolster civilian morale
and to increase civilian knowledge
of what actually is going on. State
College student researchers dig out
the facts for these radio programs.
interviewing dignitaries, culling
over government documents, chas-
ing down public officials, perusing
trade journals for oconontic inter—
pretations——these are all part of the
work of the radio researcher. Stu—
dents working as radio researchers
are assigned to topics of current in-
terest, such as the scrap metal drive,
price ceilings, and silk stocking
shortages, with orders to return in
two weeks with information. When
the students have returned with
their facts, the information is as-
sotnbled, and turned over to the
script—writing class who then turn
out the script for actual production.
Usually assignments are of a two
weeks duration, but this year there
will be a special “Trouble-Shooter
Squad” of researchers who will dig
up information in a hurry if and
when it is needed. In addition to
doing research for the radio pro—
grams this year students will also
do special research work for the
Albany Defense Council.

Bob Bartman, student chairman
of the group, has called a meeting of
all students interested If] such work
for this afternoon at 3:30 itt Draper,
Room 307.

Local Hospital Sends
Pleas for Student Aid

An Albany hospital has informed
Miss Sara '1‘. Delaney, Dean of
Women, that it needs State College
students for jobs as orderlics and
nurses aides. Wages will amount
to approximately thirty cents an
hour, although that will vary accor—
ding to experience. The hospital is
also willing to suit the time of the
work to the student’s personal
schedule. Dean Delaney urges tltttt
all students take advantage of this
opportunity to serve the community
uttd aid the war effort. All students
interested must first go to her oflicc
to get their rcconmtettdalions, so
there will be no necessity of a pri—
Vttle investigation by the ltospital.

There has also been a call for
Workers itt tltc ptthlie library. They
would especially like seniors who
are majoring in librarianship, al-
though other studcnts interested ill
this work will be accepted.

News Board Meets Today

There will be a tttecting of the
News Board today at 4:30 I". M. itt
Room 100. All tttembcrs are asked
to attend.

By J. Michael Hippick

answer as one, “Phooey,” Big
Joe Roulier ably puts the women
situation on the table by saying,
“They ‘crud' up the place something
awful." When Big Babyface Char-
lie Capel was queried on the sub-
ject his reply was, “Porky Munson,
or an intense disgust with life in
general." Which do‘esn’t make too
tnucit sense, or does it? Gordon
Baskin, as always the lady’s man,
had no derogatory remarks to make
about the opposite sex, but says he
loves everything and everybody.
Which is an “incrudable” remark to
make.

Rushing over to Fonny Coo, We
asked Frank Hanson what he didn’t
like about life in general. His an—
swer really startled us: “Women
who refuse to kiss on the ﬁrst date.”
A large number of men complain
about the length of time they must
wait for their dates to “get down—
stairs.”

 

Soy/es Half Cafisihenics
Banish Morning-Afters

“I feel swell this morning." “No
more after breakfast sleepiness for
me!” That’s what the residents of
Saylos Hall are saying, as a result
of the new calisthenics club, which
exercises at the tin-collegiate hour
of 6:30 in the morning.

Tuesday morning was the first
exercising date, with Harry Gro-
gan, coach at Milne, directing the
toe~touching. Attendance is vol-
untary for all residents of the
dorm. Despite the early hour,
fourteen men turned out for the
full program, and one more ar-
rived itt time to join in the last
lap around the gymnasium, which
closed the session. I

l’. S. A number of alarm clocks
were mysteriously out of order
Wednesday morning.

 

Campus Commission
Girds for Campaign

Campus Commission is carrying
on its work of last year with Harold
Ashworth, '44, as its chairman.
Those assisting him are: Kathryn
Herdman, Bertram Kiley, Elaine
Grogan, and Jane Southwiok, Ju-
niors; Ruth Hines, Nora Giavclli, Jo-
soph Tassoni, J. M. Hippick, Sopho—
mores.

The same regulations whiclt Were
ettforccd last year will be used again
this year with a special effort di-
rected toward the Commons. There
will be no smoking in the buildings
except in tlto Publications Office, the
Commons, and tho pcristyles. Eat-
tttg will be restricted to the cafe-
teria and Annex areas.

Last year the administration
threatened to close the Commons
because of tlte carelessness of the
students. Harold Ashworth urges
that everyone cooperate this year so
that suelt a thing will not happen.

Posters will be approved this year
by Elaine Grogran and J. M. Hip-
pick. There will be a list of instruc-
tions for poster placement iii the
Publications Office.

Debate Season to Start
With Varsity Tryouts

(.‘otnpetition tryouts for places on
the varsity debate squad will be
held Oct. 0, in tltc auditorium, and
will ntark the prclitttinary to the
1042—43 debating season.

This year's activities will be lim-
ited, however, to meetings with col-
lege groups in this vieittity, int-lud—
ittg tltc l’hilotnathcan Society of
Union College and R. l). L's (felntfcrs.

Marie Sonic, '43, President of De—
bate Cottttcil, has also announced
tentative plans for tltc sqtutd's ap—
pearance before locnl civic organi-
zations to speak on behalf of the
war effort.

()n Activities Day, October 3,
there will be illl opportunity for
students to sign up for the freshman
debate squad.

SCA

(Continued from page, I, column t‘)
Crumm, Janet Mather, llelctt Bush-
nell, Curtis Pfuff, Lucille Kenny,
Virginia Greentnun, Attnc Fritz,
Mary Sanderson, Edna Marsh, Soph—
omores, and Marjorie Stewart, ’44.

Pretty Beth Harper doesn’t like
people who talk when she is trying
to listett to the radio. Evidently
the second most important subject
of girls’ disgust is sleep. Peggy
Casey dislikes 8:10 classes, Ginger
Shoup alarm clocks, and Mary San-
derson, staying in bed. Don Vanas
gripes about reporters who ask
asinine questions such as “What is
your biggest gripe?” Other more
general items which gripe people are
ltall duty, other people griping, and
people who make hour long calls
when “I just need to get that assign-
ment." (per freshman).

Approaching Dean Nelson about
his gripe, he laughed gleefully and
said, “Hitler, Mussolini, and Hiro—
Itito in that order. Or maybe Laval
ought to come first.”

Another gripe is people who rush
up to you and say, “Hello, where
have you beeeeen?"

Toepfer Promises
i942 [Directory]

Publication Expected
Around Thanksgiving

With publication to take place
around Thanksgiving, work on the
1942 State College Directory has be—
gun. Editor-in-Chief Rolf Toepfer
expects to use the same cover de-
sign as last year, which was a wood
grain background with the college
seal adorning it.

Galley proofs will be posted in the
lower hall of Draper for students to
make corrections and addenda on
their names, addresses, and tele—
phone numbers.

A new addition to this year’s di-
rectory will be the names and ad-
dresses of all college graduates and
under-graduates who are in the
armed forces. The staff desires the
cooperation of the student body in
supplying these names and addresses
so far as are known. “But,” adds
Editor Toepfor, “this can be accom-
plished only if the income from ad-
vertising will warrant it."

The editorial staff includes Ruth
Dec, ’43, Jane Southtviek and Henry
Wise, Juniors, and Peggy Dee and
John Sussina, '45. Two members of
the freshmen class will be chosen in
the near future. Those on the ad-
vertising staff are Lois Hailey and
Bertram Kiley, Juniors, and Marge
Curran, Ernest Monnillo, and War-
ren Kullman, '45. Two freshmen
will also be chosen to serve on the
advertising staff.

Nelson Appoints Smith
New Attendance Officer

Dean Nelson has announced that
Dr. C. Curricn Smith, Assistant Pro-
fessor of Education, his been ap-
poitttcd oxeusing officer for all ub-
scnccs from student assembly. The
seating charts have been posted on
the bulletin board and attendance
will be taken in assembly this morn-
ing. All undergraduate students are
required to attettd assembly except
those who are teaching in Millie
High Scltooi that period. If a stu~
dent is absent, Ito should report to
Dr. Smith’s oflicc at Rootn 11 Rich-
ardson l‘lall immediately following
such an absence.

Forum
(Continued from page I, column J)

Robert Bartntan, '43, who is the
chairman of Rttdio Research under
Dr. Ricnow will be assisted by mem-
bers of Forum. These members will
also gain political experience by
working for and with the Republican
party in Albany.

Shirley Wurz, '43, Speaker of the
Forum, says that this year Forum
intends to protttote college war ac~
tivities to the utmost. “This is no
titne to live iii an ivory tower,” says
Miss Wurz.

'46 To Hear Activity Heads

Heads of the various student
activities will address the class of
1.946 as a part of the Orientation
program on Monday afternoon, itt
order to acquaint the freshmen with
every phase of State's varied activity
schedule.

Ochestre Asks ‘ .71.
ForNewMembe’rfs‘  ,-

Eerle Snow '44 Directs
Two Concerts Planned

The State College Symphony Or-
chestra is entering the ﬁfth year of
its existence, with Earle Snow, ’44,
as its new director. Two concerts
are planned for this year, one in the
late fall, and one in the spring. The
orchestra was organized several
years ago by Bernard Perlman, ’42.

There are many chairs available
to new musicians this year because
of the number lost last year by grad-
uation and Selective Service. Mem-
ber of the Class of ’46 are asked to
examine the following list:

lst and 2nd Chair, lst and 2nd
Trumpet; Horns; Basses; Tuba; Per-
cussion; 2nd Chair, lst Clarinet; lst
Chair, 2nd Clarinet; Oboes; 2nd and
3rd Chairs, Trombone; Baritone;
3rd Cltair, Cello; Flutes; Bassoon;
Bass Clarinet; all Strings.

There are as yet no deﬁnite as-

signments of chairs in the string

section, and the other positions men-
tioned are not ﬁnal. Mr. Snow
wishes particularly to enlarge the
string section and all string players
are urged to consider membership in
the orchestra.

The ﬁrst rehearsal will be held
Wednesday evening, at 8 P. M. The
place will be announced in Assem-
bly. Every person in the college in-
terested in the orchestra is urged to
attend this ﬁrst rehearsal. Plans for
the policy of the orchestra will be
arranged and all other pertinent
business will be discussed.

Semanek Resigns
Position on SEB

The resignation of Miss Irene
Semanek, assistant director of the
student employment bureau, has
been announced by Dr. John M.
Sayles, President of the College.
Miss Semanek will assume a osi-
tion in the audit department of the
International Business Machine Cor-
poration of Binghamton.

In her two years in the employ—
ment bureau, she has assisted in
placing a great number of State
College graduates. A graduate of
State herself, Miss Semanek re-
ceived iter Bachelor of Science de-
gree in commerce in 1940. She was
a tnomber of Chi Sigma Theta soror-
ity.

Immediately following her gradu-
ation, she served as secretary to Dr.
Sayles, and was appointed to her
position as temporary assistant to
Mr. Paul Bulger. The next year her
position became permanent.

As site left for Binghamton last
night, where she will make her
ltomo, Miss Semanek said, “ l have
enjoyed working at State College
and am very sorry to leave. I really
can’t appreciate fully the fact that I
am going, but I consider it an ex-
cellent opportunity that is being of-
fered to me."

The eotttpatty for which she will
work manufactures among other
electrical machines, those which
compute tlte results of tests taken
by State College students.

As yet, no announcement has been
made concerning her successor. Said
Mr. Bulger, "We are losing a very
valuable Inetnbor of our staff and it
will be a diflicttlt job to replace her."

McAllister

(Continued from page I, column I)
many alternatives, but since Mys-
kania will, iii the cttd, make the final
decision, it is thought probable that
they will do so itt the near future.

In regard to the position of Senior
Class President a choice of two al—
ternatives can be made. Mildred
Mattico, ’43, who is now Acting
President of tlto Senior Class. serv—
ing itt itor capacity of Vice-Presi-
dent can be acclaimed President for
the rest of the year. But there is
also the possibility that the polls
will be open to determine a Presi-
dent. If Myskunia does decide to
use the latter method, a secondary
problem will evolve to determine the
eligibility of Miss Mattias for the
office.

 


‘t
.(‘J

 

 
 
 

   
  

   
  
     
    
       
   

    
     
    
  
     
   
     

   
  
  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    
   
  
 
 
  

      
   
  
   
    
  
    
  
  
 

     

 

 

