 

 
     
    
   

 

 

 

;

 
 
  
 

\

. STATE COLLEGE NEVIS, FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1942

 

STATE COLLEGE NEws

Established Mcy,1916

by the Class of 1918 .,
Friday. April 17, 1042 No. 24
_ Member Distributor

Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
Iege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Oﬂice, 5-0373: Dorrunce, 3-2843; Holstein, 5-2815:
Grunwuld, 3-9538.

  

voi. xxvi. . .

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIIING "
National Advertising SerVIce, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative
420 MAnioou Ava. NIw YORK. N.V.
CHICICO ' Bolfol ' Lon Alﬂllll ' 5" PIAICIICO

The New: Board

EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN - -' ~ - EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
WILLIAM R. DORRANCE r — — CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
A. HARRY PAssow — — — MANAGING canon
MADELINE GRUNWALD - - BUSINESS MANAGER
HARRIET DEFOREST — — ADVERTISING MANAGER
ALLEN SIMMONS -— — CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL -— — — - scours EDITOR
FLORA GASPARY — — - Assocm'i: EDITOR
MURIEL SCOVELL - - — ASSOCIATE EDITOR
DAVID SLAVIN - — - — AssociA'rE EDITOR

 

 

ISSUE EDITOR
FLORA M. GASPARY



All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Niiines will be withheld upon request.
Tile S":le COLLEGE NEWS assumes Iio responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications,
as such expressions do not uecessurlly reﬂect its view.

Budget the Budget

The 1942-1943 Budget is the most import-
ant issue before the college for this year.
It. must receive careful attention and plan-
ning.

Each year, on son" prescribed day in
April, the assembly be. ones a battle of words
over the ﬁrst few items of a prepared budget
which the student body is then forced to
accept it as it stands, because times does not
permit extensive revision.

This year a real attempt is being made to
hear all the arguments which may arise from
any item, and the students may actively
exercise their right of (.ictcrmining what shall
constitute the budget for the next year by
a series of hearings to be held before the ﬁnal
budget is drafted and presented for a vote.
If necessary, two assembly programs will be
devoted to this purpose. The decision re-
mains with the entire student body.

The problem which requires important de-
cision is the maintenance of a tax at a low-
enough level for all students. There is no
reason for a tax higher than $14.00. With
the possibility of an enrollment of 900 for
next year, this amount requires cutting—
adequate cutting. Many activity heads have
already expressed a willingness to coopc 'ate
in curtailing their programs, it such action
is agreeable to the student body.

The budget as now proposed (see Page 1)
i.' an example of this. From a glance at last
year's budget it is obvious that every activity
must be cut in order to reach this minimum
amount. Such a plan is plausible if the
matter is handch intclligcutly and without
prejudice toward othcr organizations.

Note of Thanks

Carlyle has said “The true university of
these days is a collection of books." This is,
of course, just as true in our times as it was
in the middle of the nineteenth century. Per-
haps its importance has grown, since our
Universitios and Libraries remain one of our
great hopes for the future.

For the past three years the college “col-
lcction of books” has bccn increased tremen-
dously by a $0000 grant from the Carnegie
Corpo'ation. Thus the collcgc has moved a
step farther in the direction of the “true uni-
versity."

Books in every field of human knowledge
have been purchased with Carnegie funds.
III fact, of the 2310 books added to the
Library shelves from October 1940 to Dec-
embcr 1041, 13:50 came from that source.

To the (larncgio (.‘orpoation, the State
(.‘oliogo student body wishes to express its
sincere gratitude for the genoroua grant
which has played such an important role in
the development of our library facilities.

 

 

Respectfully Submitted

Open Letter to the Student Body:

The turnout for the Faculty-Myskania basketball game was indeed
gratifying. The gym was filled to capacity for the game and the
enthusiasm shown by both State College and Milne was of a brand
that we should see much more of in this time of need. We wish to
thank all who attended and to report to you the ﬁnancial results of
the affair. Total receipts from the program were $124.60. $12.56 was
paid to the Federal Bureal of Internal Revenue. Publicity and tickets
cost $9.25. Thus the amount for distribution to the various victory
efforts was $102.79. Of this 50% or $51.40 was given to the War
Activities Council of the college to enable it to carry on its work,
25% or $25.70 was added to the Red Cross fund in the Milne High
School, and 25% was donated to the Red Cross in the name of State
College. We hope that you considered the two basketball games worth-
while; and although we lost the game we still feel that we won because

of the outstanding success of the venture.

Sincerely,
Myskania.

 

Barton Mumaw’s dancing was
thrilling—that is looking at it from
the point of view of a spectator en-
joying a. great artistic spectacle. He
danced not only with his physical
being but with his mind and soul as
well, Nor was he a “mental” dancer.
He successfully coordinated his body
and his mind into a feeling, which,
by using his projection power, he
was able to communicate to his
audience.

Mumaw's dances were varied.
His first selections, The Buimcr
Bearer and the two music dances,
rather startled the audience He
displayed his “beautiful body" to
advantage in these so that the au-
dience could get used to it and
concentrate on his dancing for the
rest of the program. He opened
with very classical selections, inter-
pretations of Bach and Scarlatti,
and proceeded to a series of folk
dances that were forceful. earthy
and human. The initial selections
would have appealed to the music
lovers and artists; his sheer ecstasy
in dancing was a delight to watch.
The second group must have ap-
pealed more to the masculine mem-
bers of the audience and the lay-
men. Hls humorous dances were
gay and sparkling. Their appeal
was universal. The last two selec-
tions, Pierrot in UK) Dcud Clip, and
Victory Wallr, were unsurpassed in
ballet technique and flowing lines.
His movements were clearcut and
exacting—wnoi; a gesture was wasted.

Pierrot in (he Dead Oily high-
lighted his flowing force more than
any of his other selections, because
his grey silk robe covered his body
and attention was no longer focused
on his muscles. The depth of feel-
ing behind his movements was par-
ticularly felt in this dance.

Tarzan without a tree and 9. mon-
key is a sad sight and we saw him
Wednesday night in Page Hall Audi-
torium. In a series of weight-lifting
acts without the weights Barton
Mumaw awed the students of State.
Most of the audience who sat
through the program and waited for
the piano interludes was liberal with
its applause only when Mr. Mumaw
came forth with a couple of tricky
bows. Undoubtedly Mr. Mumaw is
a leader in his ﬁeld but his field is
deﬁnitely not the stuff that State
College wants to pay its money to
see.

Thus, however meritous the
Mumaw incident may have been
from the viewpoint of increasing
the aesthetic sense of those who
already have a little of that elu-
sivo stuff or profess to have it, from
this point of view, the point of view
that wants to be entertained for its
money, it was a flop.

One fact which may or may not
have justiﬁed Mr. Mumaw's perfor-
mance at this College was the fact
that on one of his beautiful cos-
tumes a “V” appeared. which might
have had some effect in unifying the
country.

The audience itself however de-
serves a word of praise, for its self
restraint. It was quiet at a. time
when seine of State‘s past audiences
would have been making paper alr-
planes. There were comments rang—
ing from. “He would make a good
half-back" to “It’s like burlesque to
us girls.” At any rate it was an
experience for our students and if
we can believe that experience is
education. perhaps we can say that
we were educated by Wednesday’s
performance. Here's hoping it did
some good. . . .

 

War Fronls

by Feigenbaum

 

The men on Cori'cgldor looked across the narrow bay where Bataan
lay in darkness. They could hear the rattle of machine guns and the
rumble of artillery. Since the evacuation of 3500 sailors and Marines

during the last days. there had

been no communication between

Bataan and Corrcgidor. Suddenly the news came to them over the
radio: “KGEI. San Francisco. This is the Voicc of Fi'ccdom. Bataan
has fallen. Filipino and American troops of this war-ravaged, blood-
stained peninsula huvc laid down their arms. Bosciged on land and
blockadcd from the sca. cut oil from all sources of help. these intrepid
lighters have borne all that human endurance could bear."

Tliii'tccn American bombers set out from Australia, bombed Manllla.
i'cfuclcd at secret air liclds in the Philippines, bombed the Japs some
more, spent the night at their secret air llclds. picked up American
officers and flew back to Australia losing only one plane. General
MacArthur pinned the Distinguished Service Cross on the ilicrs as
soon as they stepped out of their planes in Australia.

A nightmare that has luiunicd the minds of British naval men
ever since the fall of Singapore became a reality lust week. A full
Japanese battle iicct sailcd into the Bay of Bcngul in such force us
to threaten British control of the entire Indian Ocean urcn. The
opening phases of thc buttlc for the Bay of Bcngnl and the liidlaii

Occun went badly for the British.

and an aircraft carrier.

an airplancs sunk two cruisers

The news from the land fronts in Burma was bad too. The Japs
worc steadily driving buck the British and Chinese. Calcutta was being
evacuated as the Japs continued their drive toward lndla.

Admiral IIcnhy. American ambassador to Vichy. Ii‘rancc, was re-
callcd, and all Americans in Unoccuplcd li‘rancc wcrc ordcrcd to return
home immediately. Marshall Pctuln had announccd that Plcrre Laval.
lilti'll-Ct)lltll)()l‘fll.lOlllHt, was back in ilic Vichy (:ablnci as Prcmici'. The
Germans had won a major victory. It is C(‘l’lilill iillli li‘runcc would
end her unwilling "COllillJUl'illlOll" and bcgln an unhappy "coinici‘alion"
with the German war cil'oi'i. "Only llic future could tell precisely

what the cooperation would mean.

But some things Wi'l'i' cvidcnt now.

The Germans forced the Riom trial to suspcnd. li‘rcncli workmen would
be. drafted hi thousands to work in Gcrman munitions factories. And
all the French possessions that huvc bccn polcnllal threats to the
United Nations' batllc fronts now bccumc more lnnnincnt Incnuccs: the
North Africh colonlcs lo the Libyan lighting; lilakui' on tile West
African coast to the South Atlantic supply luncs; the Island of Madu-
guscur to the struggles against the Japanese in lhc Indian Ocean, and
the throat of the li‘i'cnch navy hi German hands." slated Ntfiilsl(=(.'('/r,

Some of the best nch of the week came from the home front. The
Postal Department. upon the advice of the Department of Justice,
barred ll‘utiier Coughliii‘s Social Juslim- from the United States mulls
for the violation of the Espionage Act of 1917.

. .,_
")> -.

 

By Herb Lonelrer

A sixth columnist was recently described as one
who, wittingly or unwittingly, spreads malicious
criticism of the government . . . A seventh columnist
is probably one who, willingly or unwittingly, listens
to a sixth columnist . . .

Trece Aney, one glamour girl who maintains her
residence in the publications office by other than
squatters rights, is planning to set up a Victory
stamp table in the halls next week.

The editor of the Daily War Digest sets as a goal
the purchase of one 10c Victory stamp each week
by every student in the college. So let’s co-operate . . .
After all, it's money in the bank, and there ain't a
better bank running today . . . .

Gerdtc At Scott Field

LES Gerdts, last year’s head of Intramural Council,
is now an aviation cadet at Scott Field, Illinois, after
dabbling a bit in the engineering department of Fort
Belvoir . . .

Les was ﬁnishing up a course in Map Reproduction
“designed to turn out ﬁnished photographers and
lithographic press operators” when he was transferred
from Belvoir to the Air Corps . . .

Once more he hit the books, this time a concen-
trated 16-week study of Radio, and his schedule makes
this brain factory look like a country club . . . “We
go to school six days a week, seven hours a. day, and
have a three hour study period each night, which is
compulsory. College was a cinch compared to this."

The boys are up at 6, which is slightly worse than
methods, and in bed at 10, which is slightly worse.

Les claims that army life is what you make of it;
how you get along will depend solely upon you, and
your attitude . . .

Closing his letter he congratulates the War Ac-
tivities Council and the various organizations doing
Victory work, claiming that the value of such con-
tributions, no matter how small, should never be
underestimated.

Meschter Called Suddenly

The sudden departure of Al Meschter for the Mer-
chant Marine comes as a shock to many, especially
to A1 Meschter . . .

Al enlisted in the Merchant Marine in February,
under an agreement whereby he could ﬁnish out the
school year. However, Monday night, the good looking
freshman got a telegram saying his Uncle Sammy
needed him—but quickly, and he was ordered to report
immediately to New York—a city south of Albany . . .

So now Al isn’t sure what is going to happen. but
we know that he’ll be in there punching, and that
he carries the best wishes of all of us with him.
wherever he may go . . .

Forum Takes The Helm

Forum and Newman Club (spelled F-e-r-r-i—sl have
begun compiling data concerning their members who
are now serving with the armed forces

This is something that should be done by all the
organizations. including the various classes—or better
still by the administration, in order that State College
will have a permanent record of those who left her
halls to light, so others entering these same halls can
live and learn with the same freedom of belief and
critical attitude that characterizes most of us here . . .

Undoubtedly we will have a roll of honor for State
College when this war is finished, and there is no time
like the present to start collecting the data needed. It
is a tribute to the practical, alert leadership of the
ever-present, indomitable Fred Ferris that his organi-
zations will have the credit of starting the project.

Oiico again Fill'lillt is assuming the position of lead—
ci'ship in the student body that rightfully belongs to
it . . . Old nmu Mose oin'l dead . . .

The Weekly Bulletin

(lIVII. SERVICE
POSITIONS
’l‘lio l'. S. (31le Service
(‘oqulssloIi unnounccs u
now oxainlnullou for gov-
l'l'llllll'lli positions in tho
junior prol‘cssionnl nIId sci-
cnili'lc gi'ados, puylug $2000 thlICN'I‘A'I‘lON
:I ycur. Applicants IIIIIsl. 'i‘iicrc will no! ln- :I l'l'H“
have complclcd ll I'ouivycar ularly schcdulcd ill'lclllii*
colicgc coIII'sI', or musl hc lion class for l'rcsiiincn ill
cul'ollcd in HM“ lust Ncm- 3:30 l'. .\l. on Monday for
csicr or Insl quarlcr of the Ilic I'csl of Ibis sculcslci'.
scnior your. 'i‘iIc pI'opcr II' II spccinl niccliiig of lip-
upplicullon forms may be group In to be bold noih'c
olllnincd at any first or will bc posh-d on Ibo bul
sccond class post office or lcllu board opposlic llll'
by writing to tho civil scr- rcglslrur's ol‘l'lcc.
vicc oi'l'icc ul \Vushlnglon. Hui-u 't‘. llolumcr
'i‘ln- commission is also “can of Women?
I'cuucslmg applications for Hilt‘ul. CALENDAR
.lIIIIIoI' i'licmlsl positions .lprli l7 Sl‘.\ (‘iiorus
il'olII colicgc grudlialcs wllh lmungc, .‘lziill l'. .\l. '
.iu scincslcr hours in clicm- April 17 linppu iiciu housi-
lsiry. licscarch and In dam-c. K:.’l0 l‘. M.
vcsligullvc wurk paying April 17 Noivinau Iiuli
$2,000 It your is oil'cl‘cil, und formal. ll:.'i0 l'. .i
no wrlllcn cxnminulion in .lpI'll lH Sigma lambda
l‘l't'l‘llll'l‘tl. ngmu Spring formal.
llli'l'l' arc no ago liinlls, llousc. ii p. In.
and uppllcnllons. to in» l'll- April ih' i‘oopcr llousc
cd with llll' i‘oinmlssion in Spring li‘ormai i‘oopcr
\i’usliinglou. ll. l‘., will no liouso, 0 l’. M. '
,ludgcd wllh I‘cgurd lo the April 15' Kappa Ilcilu illIII
uppiicuuls‘ cxpcricnco, cd— vlc purlv 0 1’. ill
IIcaIion. and training. Ap. .lprll I'M ’I‘liomus Morc
{dilution lornis und fIII'liIcI' liousc vlc party ii I' M.
IiIormullon may be sccurcd April 132’ Sit-i.v lianilllcl
llll ‘llrﬁ‘i and sccondrcluss i‘nfclcrln, 0:30 l'. .\l. I
ms o ccs. .\prli L": Kali ' ' i-
l'llil’l‘i) ICXIIIIII'I‘ pa llll'I‘lllllzl’lillliblll‘l' llul’
‘A photographic lelllllA \l 7. ‘ .
IIoIi by tho Albany i‘nmci‘n
l‘lub Is on display on llic.
sccond floor of llrnpur IIII-
dcr Ilic sponsorship of the
Art llcpnrinienl. ’l‘iio pho-
tographs may be seen until

 

Monday Hi .‘i l'. .\I.
Stil'll I'ROUIIAMH
Hopiioinoi'c programs for
llllzirlil mny bc prcpai'cd In
Ihc ol‘l'lcc of lhc “can of
llll' l‘illll‘Ki‘.
It'ltl'IHIIMAN

April L": liclnilo Hi'illlillii‘.
ltimlii 20, 3:30 i'. .

April 23- - Music Council‘s
pruscniailou, “Pirates of
l’enzancu." l’nge llull
auditorium, 8:30 P. M

 

 

     

SCA Changes
Rule Governing

Ollice Holding

President, Vice-President
May Be ol Same Sex

SCA took unprecedented action
last week when the ﬁrst and second
cabinets voted to amend the clause
in its constitution which stated that
the president and the vice-president
should at no time be of the same sex.

The clause which provided for
the alternation of offices became a.
part of the constitution in the
1939-40 school year. Its purpose was
to secure equal chances for both
sexes to hold offices in the associa-
tion. Now, however, since there is a
possibility that many of the men
who are eligible for the presidency
next year may not return to school,
the association has seen fit to change
its constitution so that members of
the same sex may hold both offices
at the same time. This amendment
will be effective for the duration of
the war.

Consider All Angles

Kathryn Wilson, ’42, president of
SCA, says, “The constitution was
made for our beneﬁt, not to help or
hinder us. The committee consid-
ered every possible angle and decided
that since conditions are as they
are. this was the best plan."

Doris Lichtwart. ’44, is State’s of-
ﬁcial delegate to the state-wide SCA
council meeting to be held at Russell
Sage this week-end. At this meeting
plans will be made for the coming
year’s work.

State, Mildred Elley. Albany Busi—
ness College, and Albany Nurses
have been invited to hear Reverend
Hitchon from England speak in the
Unitarian Chapel of Sunday from
3 to 5 P. M. He will discuss poetry
in the world today.

Sponsors Church Dinner

SCA is sponsoring a church din-
nci‘ Tuesday night to which incin-
bars of the churches of Albany and
college faculty members are invited.
After dinner the following students
will speak: Hazel Roberts, ’42. wor-
ship sci'viccs; Ruth Vincent, '42.
Campus Christian Conference; Ar-
thur Holiday. ’42, our work in the

churches of Albany; Dorothy Huyck,
'43. the national assembly in Ohio
at Christmas time; Shirley Codding—
ton. ’43. refugees; Donald Vanas, ’43,
state conferences intercollegiate
series: Eleanor Hayeslip, ’45, Club X.
“This dinner will provide one of
State’s biggcst contacts with the
people of Albany." stated Miss
Wilson.

Alumni Quarterly
To Select Editor

The rulcs of the contest to choose
lhc undci‘gi'adualc (.‘(lllOl' of the
Alumni ()mlrlrrll/ have been formu-
lalcd and thc cIiii'y (lcudllnc has
bccn sct at May 4. 1042. The win—
nci' of tho conlcsi will bc dclci‘mincd
by tho naiui'c 01' the ariiclc sub—
miltcd as an cnli'y. ’l‘licsc ariiclcs
must bc in tlic Alumni Office, Rich-
ardson Hall, on or bcl'orc Monday.
May 4, and lhcy will be judged by
the cditorinl board of the Aumnl
(,llltll‘ll'l‘ll/ on Intcrcst to the alumni
and ihc gcncral cilcciivcncss as
ncws ui'llclcs.

rl‘lic position as Undci'gi'xulnatc
cdlior lusts lwo ycars if the work
is satisfactory; Frcslnnan and
Sophomorcs arc cliglblc for the
coiilcsl.

Arllclcs should be on lhc following
snbjccls or on blilllt' aspccl. of one
of ihcsc subjccis: Mcmoi'iuis; Siulc.
ll l)cballng Colicgc; 'l‘rcnd in Extra—
Curricular Activilics; Dcparimcnial
Clubs. Purposc. Acllvilics. Valuc;
Ncw l)chlinnncIils and Actunnplish-
mcnls in Musical Aclivlllcs or
(.‘om'scs; Radio—Visual Activities;
‘l‘rcnds in Aiiilclics; Undergradu-
ate-Alumni licinllons; Our Demo-
cratic Student Body; Drama. Its
l’lucc at State; Ways in Which
Scholarship 1's l'tccognizcd at State;
'l‘lic Undcrgi'ndualc Looks Out on
the World; 'f‘i'adltions in the Mak-
ing; New Ilousing Conditions at
State and New Rules; Defense
(ioiii'scs at State.

Belly Borden, '43, has been Un-
dergraduate Editor for the past two
years.

 

   

STATECOLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 194!

Salvage For Victory ——

, V

 

 

EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN, Co-Editor-in-Chief of the NEWS, is removin
the metal from an old cut. The NEWS plans to turn in all old metal

and buy war stamps.

 

War Stamp Sale
To Start in Draper

The War Savings Stamps sold as
admission to the MacArthur Day
Dance held last Saturday night in
the Ingle Room of Pierce Hall net—
tod $39.60. The spirit of “Digging
for Doug" was shown by the fact
that many students bought more
stamps than were necessary for en-
trance. And for many, buying these
war stamps started them on the
way to real war saving.

Stamps have been sold for nine
weeks in the Co-op, yet Miss Bur—
nottc. Manager of the Co-op reports
that only $254.50 worth of stamps
have been sold to faculty and stu-
dents. This Incans that on the
avcragc, students of State College
have bought two ten—cent stamps
apiece. About ﬁve students buy
stamps regularly.

In Milne High School. where $6,120
worth of war stamps have been sold
since January 15, the average amount
spent by each student was $15.
Compared with Millie, State’s cam-
paign has not been a success.

To remedy tiic situation, a table
will be set up in the lower hall of
Draper. Miss Burnettc suggested
that if each student bought one
stamp a week until the end of the
school year. our War Savings sales
would be increased by about $500.
Slic cxplaincd that while such an
amount. though not large. would
not only help in our war effort. but
would also start students in the
habit of rcguliii' savings.

“There is no more pertinent thing
in connection with the war than to
make those sacrifices to buy war
savings stumps." said Dr. Saylcs.
President of the College. "All things
csscniiai to carrying on the war
should i‘cccivc our uttmilion and
sacrillcc now so that wc may kccp
the democracy that we love."

Pi Omega Pi Admits
New Junior Members

At lhc Commcrcc Club i'ui'cwcll
banquet to the Scnloi's held at Hcr-
bcrt’s Rcstuurnnt yesterday. Pi Ome-
ga, honorary connncrcc l’I'utcrnity.
asked the following to join:

.lnnc Wilson. ’42, Owcn Bomburd.
Aim lh'omlcy. Ellcn Doll's. Lco Flux,
Marjorie Hulstcud. Marie Hurt,
'l‘hclnni chlnson, Marie Luberda,
Mary Radywonsku. Elsie Roth. Ro—
glnu Roiii. Doris Snyics. Sylvia
’i‘cil‘t. juniors.

’l‘hc following members of iiic fac-
ulty have received invitations to bc-
coinc honorary members: Miss
Blanche AVcry. Instructor in Coni-
Inci'cc, Mr Harrison 'l‘ci'wiligcr. As-
sistant Professor of Commerce, Mr.
Chester Terrill. Assistant Professor
of Commerce, Mr. James Gcinmcl.
Instructor in Connncrce.

Jackson LaVcrne, ’42. was toast-
inaster for the event. Speaker at
the banquet was Mr. Terrill.

Men May Take V-1 Exam

Sophomore men wishing to be in-
cluded in the Navy’s V-I program
may take the special examination
to be given on May 1, if they are
enlisted in the Navy's V-I accredited
college program. The examination
will be three hours in length and
will consist of a general verbal
ability test, an elementary mathe-
matics test and an adaptation of
the regular Navy Department form
to test the mechanical aptitude of
enlisted men.

SEB Receives
Commerce Calls

Social Studies is Next,-
More Placements Made

During the past month Student
Employment Bureau has received
193 calls for people to fill teaching
positions. An analysis made by the
bureau shows what subjects and
subject-combinations have been in
greatest demand.

Forty calls for commerce teachers
place commerce far ahead of all
other subjects. Social studies, next
in popularity. received only nineteen
calls, less than half the number ﬁa-
ceived for commerce. Science and
English teachers were in equal de-
mand, with eighteen calls for each.
The math-science combination was
next. receiving ﬁfteen calls. There
were nine calls for math alone, eight
for the English-Library combina-
tion, seven for Latin-French, ﬁve for
library, and four for math—French.
The once popular English-social
studies combination received only
three calls this month. There were
three calls for English-Latin. The
remainder of the calls were for the
most part single calls for unusual
combinations.

The following people have been
placed by the bureau during the
past week: Marjorie Bishop, ’42,
Latin—French, Hunter-Tannersvilléz
Gladys King, ’42, French, Latin, and
math, Oppenheim; Betty Burke, ’42,
commerce. Poland; Anita Holm,
'42, French-social studies, Bridge-
hampton; Madeline Block, ’41, com-
merce, Deposit; Priscilla Morton,
'41, English-Library, Sag Harbor;
Alice Brown, ’40, English-Library,
Catskill; Helen Mahar, Library,
Scotla.

‘Fratemities 

Weekend  

Fraternity events again 
the social plans this weekend. Two
fraternities plan regular house
dances and one fraternity will hold
its Spring Formal Saturday night.

Kappa Beta will have a regular
house dance Friday night while
Kappa Delta. Rho will have a. house
dance Saturday night. “It's a. super-
extravaganze of mirth, melody, and
madness" promises Herb Leneker.
“We will have regular movie shows
and the recreation room in the cel-.
lar will be open as usual."

Sigma Lambda Sigma will have
its Spring formal Saturday night
from 9 PM. to 1 AM. Bill Grat-
tan and his orchestra will play and
Edger Tompkins, '41, is General
Chairman. The theme of the dance
will be a. patriotic one and in keep-
ing with this theme, there will be
no favors. Dr. James W. Childera,
one of the newer faculty members
of S.L.S.. and his wife, will be chap-
erones at the dance. Other faculty
members will attend and also mem-
bers of other fraternities.

Potter Club plans its Spring Ban-
quet for April 25 at Herbert's. Hal
Singer, ’43, is General Chairman
of the event. Kappa Beta will hold
its Spring Formal May 8 in the
Lounge. Gil Snyder, ’44, is General
Chairman. Favors have been elim-
inated and each member must buy
$1.50 worth of war saving stamps
in their stead.

No Junior Visitation:

Because of the shortened college
year, the education department has
abandoned the 1942 Junior Visita-
tion Program. Dr. Robert W. Fred-
ericks, Director of Training and
Principal of Milne, feels that there
is not time enough to allow the
juniors to make the necessary trips
away from the campus.

 

   

 

 

l’l/IO’IM
minim/Ila

    
   

You know the story of Axis “dictatorship”—-tlio

lesson is there for all to read: Schools and college.
closed—or turned into breeding ground. for lie.

and hate.

Freedom of speech—verbolen!

Freedom to

choose your friends—verbolen! “. . . All you
need to learn is to obey!”

Now they would attempt to put the yoke on Ill—on
you. It must not happen here! Whatever tho
cost, the Axis must be smashed. Your part, II a

college student, is clear.

You may not be behind

a gun today, but you can help today to give our
soldiers, sailors, and marines the weapons they

need for Victory.

Put your dimes and dollars into lighting uniform
now by buying United States Savings Ronda and
Stamps. You’ll help not only your country, but
yourself—because you are not asked to give your

money, but to lend it.

You can start buying

Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for no little as 10
cents. Start buying today—and keep it up!

Save . . . and Save America

 

 

       
     

 
  
  
   
     
 
    
          
      
    
 
        
       
     
       
      
       
      
    
   
   
    
   
   
  
    
    
    
  
  
  
  
   

i

a
i .
§ 7.

 

   
      
     
     
     
   
   
  
   
    

   
   
  
  
   
    
  
   

