   

   

    

TOMORRDW MAY BE roe. IATE

    

..rroo Door
room-nu .
mm It

         

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Mathematics of Cooperation

Geometry may prove that a straight line is the shortest
distance between two points; and the shortest distance from
the street to the back door of Husted Hall has until Wed-
nesday been a straight line across the campus.

For two weeks previous to Wednesday there was a grad-
ually widening pathway across the front lawn, made by
those who sought to save no more than 30 seconds of
precious class time.

It is pointed out, for the sake of the record, that on Page
96 of the Freshman Handbook, item four under Traditions is
“There shall be no cutting across the lawns of the campus
at any time.” This tradition was not formulated because
those who preceded us wanted to give Myskania and upper-
classmen an added reason for scaring freshmen. Rather is it

. a tradition because for 43 years now, the lawns have added
immeasurable beauty to the campus.

The administration has already acted to preserve the
lawns, and wire fences have sprouted at either end. The
lawn had to be saved from destruction, and there seemed
to be no other way.

But there Is another way—an extremely simple way. All
who have been guilty of the unwarranted trespassing, in
fact, everyone in college must vow never to cut across the
campus lawns. In behalf of the student body, we implore
the administration to remove the superfluous wire fences.

Our Defense Is Victory

It became quite apparent at least two years ago that the
United States could not keep out of a war which many
are coming to regard as a world revolution. Many of our
leaders saw that we were in for it, and fortunately for us
now took steps to prepare this country for war.

However, most of the leaders and the citizens of this
country for many years had been indoctrinated with that
now futile and forgotten theory—isolation. Thus, govern-
mental action in prepa 'ation for war taken two years ago
had to be modiﬁed, at least in name, to a phrase which would
at once satisfy the still active isolationists and accomplish
the purposes of production so badly needed. The word coined
is the one which we still use so much and so erroneously.
This is the word “defense.”

It is absolutely true that we should have our homeland
well defended from invaders and that we should be well
prepared for air raids in every possible manner. But we
are in grave danger of emphasizing the conccpt of home
defense at the expense of emphasis on war front victory.

The means of raising money to wage a far flung wa ‘ are
(lo/case bonds and (In/run: stamps. This is merely because
they were printed at a time when isolation sentiment had
to be appeased by the word “defense.” The government
recognizes the great need for a victory philosophy, for in
many releases from the U.S. Treasury Department cir/ory
has been substituted for (In (Hill! in as many instances as
possible. It will undoubted y not be long before we shall
be calling them Victory Bonds and Victory Stamps.

We have seen many other instances of this victory phil-
osophy as it filters into our thought. We have seen a
Victory Book Campaign and we have heard “Radio for
Victory” programs. We have seen a nation-wide “Salvage
for Victory” campaign. Let us then in our future thoughts
on the war situationltry to submerge in our minds the theory
of supreme effort for home defense. Let us remember always
that our best home defense is a victory on our war fronts.

  
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
    
   
    
     
  
   
   
 
  
   

  
  
 

‘ stare COLLEGE news, rnIoAv, MARCH 6, ms

The Weekly Bulletin

NYA

All NYA time curds‘ must
be Ill by March 13 at 4 P. M.
. Evelyn M. Smith

Student Dlrector NYA
RADIO RESEARCH

Dr. Robert Rlenow, As-
sistant Professor of Social
Studies, requests the aid of
several students who will
volunteer to direct the re-
search of those. groups who
are securing material for
radio scripts. The work will
consist of making appoint-
ments for interviews and
finding out where to obtain
material.

ART MEETING

The annual spring meet-
ing of the Art Section of
the New York State Teach-
er's Association will be held
Saturday. March H. in the
School Administration Bulld-
iIIg, Academy Park. All
Stale College students who
wish to attend must give
their names to Miss Ruth
IIIIII'IIIIIH. Assistant Profes-
sor of Fine Arts, before
next Saturday.
POLITICAL DISCUSSION

The Foreign Pol-icy Asso-
ciation will conduct ll panel
discussion on March 11 at
the Albany Institute of His-
iory and Art. The panel
which is scheduled for 8:lﬁ

Graduate Institute of later-
n-atlonnl Studies, will dis-
cuss“ The Answer of Poll-
ties The price of admission
is $.28 for students; mem-
bers of the association will
be admitted free of charge.
DEFENSE POSTERS
Miss Ruth I-Iutchlns, As-
sistant Professor of Fine

Arts', requests students to

vouiunteer their services to

make defense posters. There
is II meeting every Wednes-

day from ii to 5 P. M.

SOCIAL CALENDAR

March 0— SCA C h o r u 5,
Lounge, 3:30 I'. M.

March ii—-l’otter Club vlc
party, 8:30 1’. M.

March 7—l's‘l (lamina vie
party, 8 1‘. M.

March 7—41’i Gamma Mu-
t‘oIIIInerce (.‘lIIb roller
skating party, Mid-City
lioller Iiink, 8:30 I'. M.

March 10-l¢‘orum meeting,
Lounge, 3:30 1'. M.

March 11~SCA (‘3 II III [I II s
(i h r l s t i ll ll Conference.
Lounge, 3:30 1'. M.

March llr—‘Dillillli‘ seminar,
Room 20, 3:30 I'. M.

March 11—«SCA I.‘ II III p u s
U h r l s t l a II Conference,
Room liii. 7:30 P. M.

March film—(‘lnh X meeting,
Lounge. 12 Noon.

March lit—SPA (3 II In D u s

(J h r l s i. I II Ii (‘oni‘erenco,
Lounge, 7:.‘Iil l’. M.

March lib—Newman Club
motion picture, Room 20,
.‘l:.'ii) 1‘. M.

l‘. M. will feature In. Ml-
chael A. I-lellperln oi‘ [Inm-
llron College. llcllpeI-ln.
who has studied at the

Wall 440%

by Feigenbaum

It’s the same old story In Java where Dutch, Ameri-
can, and British forces are battling numerically superi-
or Japanese who have gained control of the air. After
their invasion armada was once beaten back by United
Nations naval forces, the Japanese ﬁnally succeeded
in establishing three beachheads, and are driving on
Batavia, the capital of Java; Bandoeing, GHQ of the
allied forces; and Surabaya, the last allied naval base
before Darwin, Australia.

General Wavell was relieved of his post as Com-
mander-in-Chlef of the United Nations forces, and
sent to India and Burma where the Japs have crossed
the Sittang River and are 69 miles northeast of Ran-
goon. They also succeeded ln cutting the railroad
from Rangoon to the Burma road.

The shift in command was partly due to the de-
mands of the Australians who wanted MacArthur for
the job. But it was obvious that he could not be re-
moved from the Philippines. Somehow MacArthur
had scraped together some airplanes which sunk
30,000 tons of Japanese ships in Subic Bay a little
north of Bataan Peninsula.

Darwin and the north coast of Australia is being
bombed regularly by the Japanese. Reports from
Australia indicate that the Australians are not capable
of defending themselves because their army is fighting
in other countries.

The Russians have destroyed ﬁfty-one German air
transports attempting to supply the 90,000 hungry
Nazis of the 16th Army encircled in the Staraya Russa
sector.

For the past three weeks the British radio has con-
tinually warned the French against working in German
factories producing war materials in occupied France.
Tuesday night they bombed these same factories on
the outskirts of Paris in what is claimed to be the
most devastating single raid carried out by either
side in the war. The way for the raid was paved
by British naval and infantry forces who wiped out a
German radio detector station on the coast of France.

The stiffening attitude of the American government
toward Vichy France was evident when Under-Secre-
tary of State Sumner Welles declared that the British
were within their rights concerning the raid. The
U.S. Government also recognized Free French au-
thority on the island of New Caledonia in the south-
west Paciﬁc.

A second contingent of American troops has landed
in Northern Ireland. An American scientific and
technical commission has been sent to Ecuador to
construct bases for the defense of the Western
Hemisphere.

Nothing New Added

Janet Baxter

Again the undaunted Sltllcsnuut comes to the fore.
Again a few new contributors, a few different pictures,
and a new cover cloak Iin vain) the fact that noth-
ing of note has been added. The reputation of the
Slulcsinua must rest on past laurcls once again.
But, there is a time when all good i?) things must
end. Originality still has its place.

Roy Sommers hits another nail neatly on the head
with another adventure of “Alice in Blunderland."
’l‘he take—off on the News (we admit it) is clever, and
is Myskania’s face red? The other short stories have
their merits, loo Ryan scores again, this time with
“The Starling.” "The New Yawka,” Goldstcin’s brain-
child, is an old theme dressed up a little. "The Part-
ing" strikes a responsive note, but it seems a little
out of place among the gems found in State’s literary
publication. Editor Klein comes through with a very
effective character story with “Old Jenny and Old
Pat," and Janet Wood’s Quota: $250 brings out the
“Such is life!” theme adequately.

The poetry is rather good; we would like to know
where Luke leles ﬁnds his vocabularly, and the few
pictures are clearer than usual. Add Perlman’s col-
umn in the usual Perlman style, State of Affairs (less
said the better), Honi Salt, and the ads, and there
you are.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Herb Lenelter —‘

Them two way stretches ain’t gonna stretch no
more. America is spreading out . . .

A few days ago the newspapers contained a box
story concerning 150 defense workers who had gone
on strike. The reason—A foreman had used harsh and
abusive language on them i i Tchi Tchi Tchi

Many of you may have seen, in the last few weeks,
a tail thin Navy uniform running around State with
a man in it . . . The man was Ed Melanson . . . Ed,
with Bill Ryan and Bill Sivers, is stationed at the
Naval Recruiting station in Albany—the three of them
holding the re f 2nd class Yeoman—a stenographic
specialist ratiI ,

Melanson. Ryan and , "rs

This triple threat  .he class of ’39 prepares the
medical, health, and pi onal history data for all the
recruits. as well as handling correspondence . . . Work
lasts till 6 PM. . . . with night watch till 10 every
fourth night. . . .

Working in Albany since Christmas, they don’t know
how long they will be here, or where they will go to,—
but they are tickled pink with their assignments . . .
"You can take our word for it, the Navy is tops."

Bill Sivers, familiar grad-about-State ﬁrst semester,
taught at Wellsville after his graduation . . . Ed
Melanson reaped the benefits of his Ed. 10 classes by
instilling worthy attitudes, and a wee bit of commerce,
into the heads of the youth of LeRoy . . . Bill Ryan
has the distinction of previously teaching at Sag
Harbor, home of the Moylan Sisters—who used to feed
their doggie Thrivo every Sunday afternoon . . .

Swagger-ing (in the correct Navy manner) back to
tickle the keyboards of their super-sensitive type-
writers, they dashed off the following hint in parting:
“Typing and shorthand made it possible for us to get
the ratings we have."

Helmuth Schoen, '41, writes to Honey Schoen, ’44,
that the weather in Seattle is slightly on the moist

side . . . The worst is over, as it only rains four times
a day now instead of the usual eight . . . practically
a drought . . .

A few days ago Helmuth’s tent burned down, but
as soon as the new one was put up Honey’s big brother
was moved into another old one—which goes to show
that you can’t win anyway . . . Private Helmuth
Schoen, Co. B, 42 Engineer Regiment, A. P. 0., 1110,
c/o Postmaster. Seattle, Washington . . .

Silk and Civilians

Why not have silk stockings sold singly now to save
both silk and money . . . so college girls, springing a
run’ in one of their two pairs, will only have to buy
one stocking . . . More silk for parachutes . . . More
money for college girls . . .

England may have made mistakes in the Far East,
but this is no reason for the derogatory criticism in
certain news magazines, or for the oft-repeated phrase
“England will ﬁght to the last American.”

What better example of a poor civilian spirit, only
too prevalent in America? Instead of hating Hitler
we go about insulting our own ally . . . Instead of
working hard to the tune of “On to Berlin” we strike
at the slightest provocation . . . Someone is whipping
up morale . . . but they're whipping up the wrong kind.

We in America have always been quick to squawk
when we thought someone wasn’t shaking the dice
on the up and up—or at aggravating displays of petty
power—and this is strictly OK in domestic affairs,
but it is definitely un-OK to go about panning our
ally, without whose aid those Defense Bonds just
ain't gonna mature. Any evidence of dissatisfaction
is an aid to the Axis.

This isn’t an exhibition bout, it’s the real thing! Past
glory or success isn’t going to insure victory or stop
tanks! We’ve got to get out of our arm chairs and put
on our brass knuckles, lest historians, writing a finis
to the brilliant career of democrdci , tell our posterity
that the spirits of ’76 aged too much . .

 

"\
 STATE COLLEGE NEWS

*3.‘ Established May, 1916
by the Class of 1918

  

mi
Vol. XXVI I"l'l(li|_\', Mari-ll ti, llii‘J .\'o. 20
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
l’l‘hc Ill-lllliilijfl'iiIllillllil newspaper of line New York SIIIIo (.‘ol-
cgo or 'cIIcIcrs published every Friday ol' the coiled:
year by llii‘ NEWS lloard for line Student Assoclallon. E
Phones: Office, 50373: liorrance. 3-2843; I-lolsioln, .‘I ‘JHIFI:

IirIInwald, :l-llﬁilii.
Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., pesto/lice.

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING 3V
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publisher: lic/Iresrnh/Iiuc
420 MADISON AVE. NEw VORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' BOSTON ' L05 ANGELIE ' SAN FRANCISCO

 

The News Board
EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN  — .-
WILLIAM R. DORRANCE — -
A. HARRV PASSOW 5 —- --
MADELINE GRUNWALD — —
HARRIET DEF-CREST — -
ALLEN SIMMONS — —.
CARL MITCHELL —- - .—
FLORA GASPARY — —
MURIEL SCOVELL - —-
DAVID SLAVIN — — _

— EDlTonle-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR IN-CHIEF
MANAGING EDITon
ausINssa MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
—- SPORTS EDITOR

- AssocIATE EDITOR
— ASSOCIATE EDITOR
—- AssocIATs EDITOR

All communications should be addressc t I

331:1:tqlllea’ﬁi‘gll‘u‘tlilIliipl8¥oeﬂNgwslw withlielil tIiljioiidligruglit‘i
. 4 .. . . . . assumes 1'

for ‘op'laions expressed in its columns orngonliiggiiilgiiﬂ'tiiiiy

as .lllLIl expressions do not necessarily reflect its VIB':

 

Game Against Varsity

Chairman Reed Plans
Sport Events and Food
To Entertain Grads

Tomorrow is the day annually set
aside by MAA as Alumni Day when
alumni (athletically- inclined and
otherwise) get together for a day
of fun. Bill Dickson, president of
MAA, has appointed Ed Reed as
chairman of the affair.

A full list of activities has been
scheduled. Between 1 P. M. and 3
P. M. Saturday afternoon the men
will gather in the gym and have
fun at “ping-pong. volleyball, bridge,
and bull sessions," to quote Reed.
At 3 P. M. College House will
play Potter Club in the second
game of the play-off for the intra-
mural basketball crown. College
House won the ﬁrst game. 27-21.
Final Varsity Game

At the conclusion of the prelim-
inary game, the varsity will take the
ﬂoor against the alumni in its ﬁnal
game of the season. Both teams are
taking this game seriously as a re-
sult of the alumni’s victory last year.
“We showed them last year that we
are really out to win—~and we will
keep up that spirit,” warns Paul
Bulger. ’36, who is the alumni’s com-
bination coach, captain. and player.
Coach Hatﬁeld has taken the hint
and has been putting the boys
through regular drills all week in
preparation for the game.

A number of the varsity players
are not far from being alumni them-
selves. Co-captains Hank Brauner
and Bill Dickson will be playing
their last games for State. Brauner
has been on the varsity since he was
a sophomore and is ﬁnishing his stay
at State with his best year. As the
team’s outstanding scorer he has
tallied 117 points in eleven games
this season. Dickson has also been on
the varsity three years and has really
come through this year as a ﬂoor-
general.

Bob Seifert, Leo Griffin, and Paul
Merritt are three more who will be
sorely missed when the class of ’42
marches out the doors of Page for
the last time.

Ten Alumni to Play

Besides coach—captain-player Bul-
ger the alumni squad will boast
Arnie Ellerin and Gerry Saddlemire
of '41, Johnny Havko and Charley
Quinn of '40, Duke Hersh, Mike
Walko and George Amyot of '39,
Tom Barrington and George Ban-
croft of ’37, and Jerry Amyot of ’36.
Duke Hersh. George Bancroft and
Jerry Amyot were three of the
alumni’s big guns in last year's vic-
tory. Will Frament, who also figured
prominently in that game, will not
be able to play tomorrow.

Reed pointed out that written invi-
tations have not been sent to alumni
who graduated before '36 because
their addresses were not available.
He hastily added, “All grads are wei-
come and urged to come. We don’t
expect as many here this year due
to the war situation, but I know that
all those who do come will have a
swell time." Refreshments for the
alumni are scheduled for 6 o’clock
at Sayles Hall.

College House Wins
First Play-oil Game

In the first of Iiicir three—game
series for the intramural champion-
ship Collcgc House bowled over Pot-
ter Club last Saturday, 27—21,

This game was perhaps one of the
roughest and lIaI‘dcsI-fouaiit of the
season with three men being put out
on personals. .

College House jumped rapidly into
the lead, and consistently widened
the gap with pop-shots from all over
the court, leaving the Iloor on the
long end of a 21—11 score at the hall.

Refreshed by the intermission, the
State Street boys started rolling dur-
ing the third and fourth quarters,
scoring 10 points to six for the CH
squad. I
Ruback led the scoring for College
House with seven points, while Red
Evans paced the Potter quintet with
six.
This score is not as decisive as it
sounds; and tomorrow afternoon,
when they play again, anything can
happen.

 

CaptainsChoose
All-Sfar Teams
Of I-M Players

Rubock, Hammond, Reed,
Johnson, Flax Picked

'The annual selection of a mythical
Ail-star intramural basketball team
was made earlier this week by the
captains of the teams. Each captain
submitted a ﬁrst and second team
list, a first team selection being
credited with two points and a sec-
ond team selection with one point.
From these ballots Ken Johnson and
Hal Singer, the directors of intra-
mural basketball, determined the two
teams which are listed below.

Ruback Unanimous

On the ﬁrst team Hank Ruback,
CH; Ken Johnson, CH: Regis Ham-
mond, EEP; Ed Reed, EEP; and Leo
Flax, KB, were selected. Ruback was
the only unanimous choice, because
of his scoring ability after taking the
ball off the backboard. Ken John-
son was the pilot setting up scores
for College House. Regis Hammond
and Ed Reed were the most depend-
able scorers on the Potter Club quin-
tet, and were tied for third place in
the number of votes. Leo Flax un-
doubtedly held the Kappa Beta team
together as they held on to fourth
place.

Cll. EEP Dominate

Perhaps a signiﬁcant fact is that
the ﬁrst two teams in the league,
Potter Club and College House, each
placed two men on the ﬁrst team
and Kappa Beta, the fourth place
team, placed one.

The second team was composed of
Charlie Capel. SLS; Stan Gipp,
Sayles; Bert Kiley, Ramblers; Howie
Lynch, EEP; and Clay Sprowls, EEP,
in the order of the number of votes
they attained.

A game will be played between
these two squads some afternoon
within the next two weeks.

Plans are still under way for a
volleyball tournament among ap-
proximately the same teams that
made up the basketball league. All
groups interested in forming volley-
ball teams are urged to contact Regis
Hammond by next week.

l\Iilelll Beat 'Em,’

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 6,194!

Alumni Day  Feature Finalists In Current Cage Season

  

THE FINAL EDITION of the 1941-42 basketball squad is shown here.
Reading from left to right in the front row: Selfert, Flax, Griffin. Miller,

Hansen, and Gerber. Back

row: Feeney, Marisand, Co~captain Brauner,

Manager Schultze, Young, Co-captaln Dickson, and Combs.

 

Freshmen Win
First Rivalry Game

Starting out within the first two
minutes with two passes from Gla-
velli to Garfall netting two baskets.
the freshmen squad defeated the
sophomores 16-10 Wednesday after-
noon in the first of the women’s
rivalry basketball games. Three
points toward the coveted rivalry
championship will go to the winner
of two out of three games.

With an unusually large group of
spectators. the match was a hard-
fought one. The frosh never allowed
the sophs to gain the lead, always
keeping at least one point between
them, except at the ﬁrst quarter
when the score was 4-4. At the half-
way mark the score was 7-6 in favor
of the yearlings.

Scoring honors went to frosh pres-
ident Flo Garfall, who garnered
eleven of her team’s sixteen points.
Captain Giavelli was responsible for
three points. while Joan Smith, play-
ing for only two minutes, made the
other basket for her team.

An outstanding job of guarding by
Dann bottled up the frosh to a great
extent. Latimer and Townsend also
assisted in the close guarding of
Garfall and Giavelli. Sophs Breunig
and Pickert showed up well for their
team. Constant practice on the Dorm
A team brought results in the good
teamwork of Domann, La Salle and
Herdinan, sophomores.

Cry the Frosh;

[You Poor lnnocents,’ Say the Sophs

by a Freshman

A group of lordly sophs, fat with
conceit. soft with over-conﬁdence,
with the sacred trust of victory or-
roneously placed in their hands, will
face the alert, hard-fighting. fast-
moving. plucky basketball squad of
the class of ’45 on Wednesday.

Poor Golden Hordcrsl They don’t
know what they’re letting themselves
in for. They just don't seem to
realize that the team they will face
is the same one that had the power-
ful RPI frosh on the run, the same
one that actually led by three points
at half-time, this, which some critics
tout as the greatest freshman team
in Poly history!

They just don't seem to grasp the
fact that the team they must meet
scored eight points in the last two
miI'uItcs against a Union squad for
oul-sirlpping ii in size, and would
easily have had the Union scalp
under its bell. had the game lasted
another thirty seconds.

'l‘hcy blandly overlook the fifty
points scored against former college
stars from Albany Law School, the
overwhelming triumph over Delhi,
and the near second victory over
those same Aggies.

This is probably the cockiest ﬁrst;-
year team that State has ever turned
out; so cocky that it firmly believed
itself capable of trouncing the State
College varsity.

For the sophomores’ sake, the
freshmen have graciously asked the
good Dr. Dorwaldt to be present.

  

by a Sophomore

Those poor fresh! Just out of
their knickerbockers, still somewhat
damp behind their ears, and they
not only have the tcmerity to play
the experienced, sophisticated Sophs,
but the unmitigated gall to believe
that they will win. Why. the Sophs
will beat them so badly . . .

We Sophs hold no bitterness in
our hearts for the i'rosh. only pity.
Until a short time ago. we were go-
ing to take it easy on the poor kids.
We didn't want to break their hearts
and spirits by exposing them too
suddenly in all their immaturity.
But our patience has been gradually
frayed to the breaking point by their
wise ways and cracks. Next Wed-
nesday’s lesson will be the first in
a long series in store for them. We
havo discovered that left to them-
selves. they will never change. ex-
ccpi for the worst. So now, We are
going to lake over their education.

The more one considers the re—
spectlve classes, the more apparent
it becomes that the cause of the wit-
lcss "Red Raiders ('li" is a hopeless
one. Look at the number of Sophs
who are members of the varsity,
Combs, Young, Miller, Demlck, Mars-
land, and Hansen. Look at the re-
serves, Ruback, Capel, Kiley, mem-
bers of the lntrannu'al All-Star
teams, and some eight other efficient
ball-handlers. All experienced play-
ers and members of the most spirited
class in State. Yes, the most spirited
class in State; the class which was
the ﬁrst to defeat its rival class in
many years of rivalry.

Yes. ’tis indeed a pity, but they’ve
asked for it.

The
Gin
Mill

 

 

GINNY POLHEMUS

A new fencing class on Saturdays
has started for beginners. Those who
have been attending the practices
regularly have advanced a class. All
interested may still join the classes.
The girls are looking forward to an-
other meet with La Salle School of
Troy in two weeks—this time to be
at the military school.

Sports Event Scheduled

Kay Peterson reports that the tra-
ditional Folk Festival is scheduled
for two weeks from tomorrow night.
The exact date of the affair depends
on war activities—whether or not
the Page Hall gym is blacked out for
evening use by then. There is a
possibility (but only a possibility)
that a Sports Spree will be substi-
tuted for the Folk Festival. Definite
details later, girls.

Congrats, Psi Gum

Psi Gam, by virtue of its victory
over Phi Delt this week, maintains
its top position on the WAA Inter-
house Bowling League ladder. With
sixteen points to its credit, Psi
Gas is followed by Gamma Kap with
fourteen points and Newman Hall
with twelve. However, these stand-
ings may have been altered as a
result of matches scheduled for yes-
terday afternoon—Newman vs. Phi
Deli and Gamma Kap vs. AEPhi.
Swimming Still Goes

Captain Osnif Serabian reports
that girls may still obtain swimming
credit by going over to Bath No. 3
on Tuesday and Friday afternoons.
However. WAA has discontinued
reserving the pool on Thursday eve-
nings. The first afternoon there is
a ten cent fee, but the second after-
noon there is no charge. Take ad-
vantage of it, you mermaids!

Snapshots Wanted

Those hilarious or just plain inter-
csting snapshots which you took of
sporls life, camp life or wild life are
being paged. The guardian of WAA's
scrapbook, Sylvia chl‘t, would like
the use of the ncgaIchs of all the
beautiful pictures you can find. She
will return the negatives if you will
just lend them to her.

  

Behind
The
Eight
Ball

With

 

CARL MITCHELL

Casey At The Bat ,

Well, once again we ﬁnd ourselves
writing the obituary for one of state
College's major sports—baseball.

First it was cross-country, now it’s
pint-rocking that hits the long, long

Ta .

This time it is not entirely the
lack of athletes, but the lock of
sufficient competition that leads
to dropping the sport. other col-
leges, finding themselves short of
sports material, Just couldn't meet
their schedules.

Perhaps the grads will be pleased,
for last year there was a major
movement afoot to abolish this sport
. . . but who could see then, that the
all-supreme war-god Mars would
intervene ?

From now on, State sports fans
will have to look to the major
leagues for allegiance—and, watch
the Dodgers this.year—don't say we
didn’t warn you.

Annual Alumni Game

Tomorrow will see the fourth in a
series of annual Alumni days. In
the past many old grads used to
turn up to witness the ﬁerce play
between the heroes of the past and
present.

Tomorrow things will change a
little. Gone are many of the old
loyal basketball players. Gone, not
from this earth (yet) . . . but to a
better stand . . . we know. We may
find that tomorrow will mark the
close of such reunions for a very
obvious reason . . . no men.

Nevertheless, we will still see many
of the old-timers tomorrow after-
noon. Some of them are Duke
Hersh, president of MAA in 1939 and
captain of the basketball team;
brothers George and Jerry Amyot,
the former is teaching at Warners,
N. Y., while the latter is coaching
a Cohoes High School, Cohoes,
N. Y. Both were prominent in
State’s athletic life and organiza-
tions. Johnny Havko, who is now
teaching at Lyon Mountain. a for-
mer eagle-eye for State, will be back
in uniform; as will Jerry Saddle-
mire. and Arnold Ellerin, all former
varsity men.

Bulger Is Captain

It sure ought to be good. Captain
of the team this year Is Paul Bulger,
organizer of the famous Bulger Bat-
tlers who trounced all opposition in
their class last year.

There are several seniors who will
be playing their last game of their
collegiate basketball careers tomor-
row. In this category are Co-captains
Bill Dickson and Henry Brauner.
Bob Selfert. and Leo Griffin.

The Ebony Sphere awarded
membership pins to lloncy Schoen,
Gene Guarlno. Ray Vcrrey, and
Fran Mullln for sporting shlncrs
recently.

All loyal sports fans are asked to
disregard the impious remarks writ-
ten by one Herb Lennekcr in his
V—column. How does Herb know
about the B-Bull column—he can’t
read.

 

Gustave Lorey Studio

STATE'S
OFFICIAL PHOTOGRAPHER

 

 

 

 

Good Food in A Friendly,
Comfortable Atmosphere

HERE'S

Kirsten: at Quail

 

 

 

 

w :. «$51.3 v.1.» ﬁadwipiu-v I

 ......._...~.......~.m:u. m Enema,
w

    

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

  

 

   
 
 
 
  
 
 

 

  
 
 

 

  
 
    
      
      
         
                
         

 
 

  
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
  

 

   
                       
       
      
     
      
      
   
  

       
    

