  
  
  

. .

 

 

  

 

 

 

   

 
  
  

     
    
     
 

.. ._ ..Ifus..~«m..-m-w~;uimg :t—s. .._‘.. .E ,V..._,._....,M.kw‘ ,,.; _,‘_ _ ____ M

  
    

 

  
  
  

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, I9I6
by the Class of I9I8

Thursday, December 17, 1942 No. 13
Distributor
Collegiate Dig“!

 

Vol. XXVI!

Member
Associated Collegiate Press
The undergraduate newspaper or the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published evsry Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Ofﬁce, 5-9373; Blavin, 2-9726; Burrows. 2-2752

 

IIPIIIINTID '0' NATIONAL ADVIIYIIINC IV

NationalildvertisingSemceJiic.
Gallon Mlhhn Rowe-calories

420 MAoieoN Ave. New You. N. Y.

CHICAGO - "I10. - LOI Alﬂllll - SAN FIAIEIICO

 

The News Board

DAVID SLAVIN - - - - . .
FLORA M. GASPARV }
R. MURIEL SCOVELL

CAROLYN BURROWS ~ - . ..

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
- - (JO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER

 

BEVERLY PALATSKY - - - ADVERTIstNG MANAGER

KATHERINE COUSINS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER

PETER MARCHETTA - - - - - SPORTS EDITOR

JANET BAXTER - - - - - - AssociATE EDITOR

BERNARD SKOLSKY . - - - - AssocIATE EDITOR

BETTY STENGEL - - - - - - AssocIATE EDITOR
@-

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE N’EWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
view.

 

And Now, Tomorrow

'I‘omorrow is the last day that Miss Sara 'I‘.
DeLaney, for two and one-half years Dean of
Women, will be with us. Site leaves State Col-
lege to join the overseas division of tire .-\.inerican
Red Cross. It was a difficult choice for her to
make, btit since she herself decided her course,
it is not for its to question her decision. America
is at war and Dean l)el..aney seeks active par-
ticipation. She is indeed very courageous. For
tlte student body, the News bids her “hon
voyage" with the fervent hope that site will be
happy in her new post.

To Dr. Ellen Stokes, her sticcessor. we pledge
ottr undivided cooperation. Hers will be a dif-
ficult change to make, from Instructor in Mathe-
matics to Dean of Women, bttt we sincerely be-
lieve that she has the qualities which the oflice
demands. ,She will assume her duties at a crucial
moment in the history of the College, indeed, in
the history of the World.

When next we meet on this (lainptts we will
have a new Dean aiid a new year. [for the new
Dean we need not fret. for she is tapable, and
she is kind.

()I' what we are not so sure is the New Year.
What is in store for us in “lift is a great question
mark. We go into it with oitc major and out-
standing desire, the desire that it will bring an
ciid to the horrible suilei'ing of mankind; We
pray that Hill, State's one hundredth annircr-
sai'y year. will fitid its living at peatc with all the
World. and at the beginning of an era of interna
tional harmony and good will.

Christmas, 1942

It is nearly (lliristnias again tlte l.‘.il‘.f tinni-
\‘t't‘sitt') oi tin (‘H'III that altered the history of a
planet.

We toultl write about tltc old traditions. We
iould cttlogi/e the Yule log. and thc (lln'istinas
tree. We toitld indulge in hollt and mistletoe
rcininistcntcs. Wc tould think about (llnistinas
stoikings. pltini puddiitg. lt'llt‘ts to Santa (Ilatis,
and itii'ol singeis.

Yes, there are many things tic tould say, many
things we will sat, and think. and ii-iiicinbct.
liiit there aic oihct things, too. We shall note
the mating ol (.lnisituas lot the \t‘tttittl lllllt' in
a nation at Wat. Wc \lttlll miss tiiaut liicttds;
some of lllt'tll we shall always min». to dcstt'iitl
to the more piosaii items, we will fiiid many of
the tiistoiuat) dishes toiispiiuous by tlieii ab
senti- ltoiii our tables,

Yes, we will all lllttl (.hiisttnas, llilL’, (llllt'i'i'lll
li'otu its immediate pit-tlctessois. Some of Its
will tcali/e thc signifiiantc ol the thangcs; othcts
will iioi giic them a sctoiid thought. 'I akc what
attitude we will. the (flanges are here. I’hct
are here to stay. until that day, not st) (to in the
lillliil‘, when we ran dicatn of. with the attic
knowledge that we will awaken to, a "white
Christmas" all ovci the World.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1942

War Fronts by Feigenbaum

Rommel Retreating Into Tunisia

Hammered By Allied Aircraft

The Berlin radio reported this
week that General B. L. Montgom-
ery had thrown his powerful
British 8th., Army in a smashing
attack against the forces of Field
Marshal Erwin Rommel at El
Aghelia in North Africa, and that
Rommel had been forced to retreat
before this powerful offensive. The
truth of the matter is that Mont-
gomery had stopped his chase of
Rommel across 600 miles of desert
to give his wearied men a well-
earned rest, and to bring up more
men and supplies for the ﬁnal at-
tempt to crack the fortiﬁcations
which Rommel had supposedly
thrown up at the narrow bottleneck
at El Agheila. The threat of a
British ﬂanking move from the south
caused Rommel to order a general
retreat into Tunisia. Rommel’s re-
treat so far is orderly, and he is
taking everything with him. How-
ever, British and American air—
crafts are bombing and straﬁng his
retreating columns mercilessly.

The road along which Rommel is
withdrawing follows the coast, and
skirts the mountains on the land
side. This terrain prevents the
British from encircling the Germans.
and now they can do nothing but
chase Rommel into Tunisia without
being able to encircle him or de-
stroy him. A backward chase is a
long one, and the wily German com-
mander may still be able to make
contact with the Nazi forces ﬁght—
ing in Northern Tunisia.

Meanwhile, the Allied forces ad-
vancing into Tunisia from the east
have received a temporary setback.
Lack of advanced ﬁghter plane
bases has caused the Allies to lose
control of the air, and the deadly
German 88mm. guns blasted ad—
vancing American tanks. Allied

headquarters have explained the
cause of this. Due to Admiral
Darlan’s unexpected aid in the
capitulation of the French African
colonies, the Allied found them-
selves with less losses than they
expected, but with not enough
strength to advance into Tunisia
safely. However, the decision was
made to advance despite lack of
strength, and the temporary Ger—
man success had been expected.
Arrival of Allied reinforcements
will soon drive the Germans back
into Bizerte and Tunis.

The Russian offensive continues
along the front despite stiffened
German resistance. The battle in
Russia is slow and grinding due to
the German defense positions which
have been built to ﬁght independent
of each other and. to take a terrific
toll of the enemy. Heavy snowfall
has wrecked the vaunted Nazi
mechanized army, but at the same
time it has slowed the Russian ad-
vance. The hardest ﬁghting is tak~
ing place around Stalingrad where
the Germans have unsuccessly
counter—attacked in a desperate at-
tempt to halt the Russian encir-
cling movement. The Red Army is
also advancing toward haev due
west of Moscow.

General MacArthur reported that
the American and Australian forces
had ﬁnally captured the last Japa—
nese stronghold of Buna on the
Island of New Guniea. The fall of
the port climaxed months of ﬁght—
ing in the jungle and dense under-
growth of the tropics. The Japs
attempted to land invasion forces on
the island, but Allied planes took
a heavy toll of the Jap ships, and
broke up the fleet. A few troops
did succeed in getting ashore, but
United Nations' forces are moving
them up.

 

Communications

 

To the Editor:

In last week’s issue of the News,
a lecture of Professor Donnal V.
Smith of the Social Studies Depart—
ment merited front page recognition.

From the contents of the article
written in the generality and am-
biguity paralleled only by the At-
lantic Charter I was, with much dif-
ficulty, able to discern that the topic
and discussion concerned the “role
of the student during war times."
By the further elimination of a
series of incongruous contradictions
I concluded that the solution offered
for the elimination of conflicting
thoughts and doubts from students
mind's could be accomplished by re—
suming a “little good hard Work,"
presumably study, and relying upon
the activities of normal times to win
the war.

Since I know the editor is bound
conscientiously to interpret the lee-
tures in the light intended rather
than distort the material to coincide
with his personal prejudices, and
since I hesitate to question the lit-
tegrily of our esteemed editor, I
shall proceed to challenge Professor
Smith directly, on the premise that
the opinions are his rather than the
editor's.

Yes. Professor Smith, we all
agree. Our main job is to study
and is the preparation for our voca-
tioti that, ill interpretations of your
own words, we should "have ati
abiding faith in what we tire prepar-
ing to do " But at the same time I
hesitate to abandon the fundamental
principles of democracy, the gospel
We are about to spread and the
things for which we are fighting and
accept the totalitarian philosophy,
as depicted by your interpreter, of
"each into to apply ltititsclf to the
task alloled, and to do it exactly."
This is, as you suggest, assuredly
the best method of producing elli—
eieney in the army, but if Uncle
Sam wanted men Ill college to be
only disciplined he might easily tic—
i'oitiplislt this feat through his titt—
rclcntiiig agent, the draft board
llowcvci', Uncle Sam wants intich
tItot‘c titan discipline and llte
iiinitcd education restricted to the
study of textbooks from college
students. As soldiers he wants
original minds that have the ability
to cope with the problems of war,
“eiitotional or psychological condi-
tions which make for uneasiness"

without resorting to, as suggested,
 resting tablet—a conference—a
bull session—or best of all a little
good hard work that you are sup-
posed to do in normal times." As
teachers, Uncle Sam expects the
same originality of mind, but aug-
tnented with the spirit for coopera—
tion and intense research that can
be ideally obtained from many war
activities.

The problems “In These Our
Times” I am sure cannot be solved
by Harding’s policy of “back to
normalcy," but rather by an active
participation in war activities (at
the expense not of studies but of
otir selfish social life and by vet;-
satility in accepting and coping with
the challenge of changing conditions.
We may propose “to carry on with
the normal routine that is the pro-
fessional purpose of the college" but
if we close our eyes to the effects
and causes of war, and lose the war,
the professional purpose of the col-
lege will be to imbibe the doctrines
of Fascism firmly into the heads of
future generations. 'l‘hen, alas, we
shall have our “discipline,” the ob--
literation of "tension" and “strain,”
the goal we are evidently aspiring
toward.

I sincerely believe Professor Smith
does not suggest, as might be in—
(heated front the article, that we as
a college adopt the same policy of
isolation that proved so disastrous
to the entire nation as a result of
pre-wtii' policy. If nothing else, we
have all learned that this is a small
world and what concerns otir neigh—
bor concerns ourselves And when
the neighbor happens to be Uncle
Sam it concerns us doubly. (At
least enough to pull our heads out
of it text—book and take at least a
quick glance around before poking
it back into say a French book i

As for a solution, I ofl'ct' ttoitt-
lint the issue is of such pertinent
importance to all of us that l sug—
gest yes, urge that the opinions of
other authorities on the subject he
obtaincd ttiid in condensed ftii‘ill iii
the Ni-LWs aitd as a personal favor.
a statement be obtained from I’t'ov-
lessor Smith clarifying my ittisinter—
premium or possibly the editor's
of his lectures.

Sidney S. Wciiiinaii

Enri'oit's NOTE: Ur. Smith’s lecture
was published from (i litttiiliuritten
manuscript furnished by the NtLWs
by Dr. Smith ltinwull.

 

 

 

by a Fraternity Man
This column, by any other name, would be the some.

Personalities, not percentages, are the only true
indicators of rushing success, as any fraternity or

sorority affiliate will agree . . So what's all this
noise about? Benjamin Franklin, addressing the dele-
gates from the 13 colonies, once said, “We must all
hang together or else we will all hang sepat‘ately"~—
a slogan which has many present—day applications. . . .

Myskania, wearers of the blackout nightgowns, will
continue to crack down on freshmen violators of tradi—
tions. Those thinking themselves exempt, for one
reason or another, will be wise to toe the mark. . . .

If you see any fellows running around with tooth-
brushes protruding from their pockets, don't think
them odd . . . They’re only ERC men, so confused by
all these contradictory statements that they don't want
to be caught napping. . . .

...V--

Point of correction to dowtown papers . . . Frank
Hardmeyer was graduated front a place called State
College, not Cornell Univ . . . We're touchy about
those things . . . Downtown papers had a story on
FRANK'S letter home. . . .

Senator PAUL GRATTAN, in Trinidad, regrets that
the surroundings are 100".) masculine . . . PAUL re-
cently skinned a 7-ft. Boa Constrictor, to be rewarded
by the sight of the snake's heart—still beating!

CARL MITCHELL, located in Williamsburg, Va.,
has been advanced to Second Class Petty Officer , . .
Explains sailor-situation in nearby Richmond thus'
“That city, which was formerly Khaki-Wacky, now
has suddenly changed to true-blue." Sailors insure
this by use of the convoy system. . . .

LES GRAVES, Colgate pro—flight, lists a full day's
activities Si adds, “Then we go to classes again :it
nitc from 7 to 9. After that we can do anything we
want until 10 o'clock, at which time we’re glad to gel
to bed."

Lt. GORDY RAND, flight instructor at Walnut
Ridge, Ark., laments thus: “I hope for rain so I can
play the typewriter at Operations. It rains~we fly!"

Shavet'ail JOHN BAKAY was among the highest Iii
of his OC class of 423. Goes to Fort Bliss, Texas. to
teach others specialized work in Aircraft Identification
JOHN favors compulsory training as an education in
itself and believes it should be a permanent thing...

PFC JACK SI—IAPIRO, writing from India, doesn't
go quite as far as Bakay, but does say, “It really is
an education in itself. In fact I recommend it to all
college men in place of a M. A. degree. . . 

.IOE McCABE, training at Spence Field, Ga., had
his silver wings pinned on last Friday . . . HANK
BRAUNER must be at Lowry Field, Denver, on the
26th . . I-IANK will study the lab end of aerial photog—
raphy at the Artny school there . . RALPH CLARK
(Air Force Technical School, Sioux Falls, S. D.) will
be graduated the 21st . . . Failing to get his NEWS
lately, RALPH oaks (and somebody hold Slavin) "Do
they still publish it?"

AND THE MEEK SHALL INHERIT
Dear Santa:

Please bring the "News Board" a sanctum sanctoruin
for Christmas. so our little pal David Won't have to
ptit tip all those signs requesting the “great unwash—
ed" to keep their distance

Gratefully yours,
Dii'tyface
HIM DOOD lT AGAIN

LAST WEEK'S "IN THESE OUR TIMES," WRIT—
TEN BY THE Editor, Publisher, and Circulation Mati-
iigci' of DV'S DIGEST, gives an excellent portrayal
of the students" war-time dilemna. The author
handles it definitely vague subject for any descrip—
tion of mental processes must necessarily be vague
iii a clear, concise iiiiinncr, enabling the average slit--
dent to easily grasp his ideas

'l‘ltose fortunate enough to have heard the Dr. Smith
lectttre on democracy itt his Ilistot'y classes will
qtiiekly recognize the oft-expressed (lt‘lltot't'tlflt'
philosophies . . . lib. oflicltil title should read: llcad.
Social Studies l.)cpartnicnt, Professor of History, and
Defender I’ai' Excellence of the Democratic Way of
Life

This column goes on record as agreeing ltiti'. with
the cxpremctl views of the author. In our opinion, Illt'
only possible criticism will (‘ttiill' lrotn those llllhllt'
tcrpi'cling the text, or unconscioust "reading in"
ideas tluti do not exist.

The Weekly Bulletin

\H'I'I'IIIN rings 'I'lllh Will hi- the liitul
| The (‘ht‘pitixusﬂ-cens wttt opportunity to older (Illri‘v
it-gtti iit . totiiot'~ - ~
row, ('iiissi-i1 will be rc~ ('l'l'x'u“
stunt-ii Monday. January >i. “cc 1’] Sorority ﬂuid»
at. It It) A M tints parties ill. the :toi‘oi

\y\ ity ltottatin Kl). t‘tit

NYA tttuc i'ardn IllIth bc H'lim“ 'l'm'h‘v Am'm‘
hululud ,0 MW, “Mme (taintnii Rap. and I‘ll)
pump Della. it to [Li I‘ M

 . ., l'tti (iiilillilll. ii to II I'
MAN”: MM“ M, iictit Zeta: li::tt) to

Mrs. (Henson oi (Henson ,2 l, M
tic Company will be in the ' '
rotunda i't‘oin I'd noon to “l”: m “‘""”"“ “‘"ilm‘ “f
1130 i'. M. on 't‘liurstitty. 1' A M'
January ’I, to take orders Jan 4, item (tiass to be
uttd deposits for Senior resumed at lizlti A. M

 

 

Dobbin, Childers
Speak On Xmas
In Other Lands

Last Monday evening at a joint
meeting of the French and Spanish
Clubs, Dr. M. Annette Dobbin, In—
structor in French; and Dr. James
Wesley Childers, Assistant Professor
of Spanish, presented the Christmas
customs of two lands, France and
Mexico.

Dr. Dobbin and Dr. Childers con—
trasted Christmas in America, where
“the snow-flocked tree, bubbling
lights and multi-colorcd decorations
are some of the aspects," to that of
other countries. Dr. Dobbin con-
tinued, “Instead of hanging up a
stocking on Christmas Eve, the little
French children place a wooden
shoe in front of the ﬁreplace. The
next day they ﬁnd a small coin in-
side their sabols."

Of Mexico, Dr Childet‘s savs,"l.os
I-lt'jos (Mexican children) have a
lovely thought concerning the Three
Wise Men. They believe that one is
black. one is yellow. and one is
white—representing the three lead-
ing races. The children place their
shoes on the balcony. They believe
that it is the Wise Men who leave
presents there." Continuing, Dr
Childcrs explained, "A quaint and
charming custom unollicinlly opens
the Mexican holiday season Some
time between December Iii and De—
ceinber 25, posmltis (sessions) wind
in and out of the streets, knocking
on doors. They get refused but
continue on their way until sortie
home admits them and invites them
to dine. This has all, of cottrse.
been prearranged Most visitors
agree that the merrily-clad crowd
and the higlt lilting voices present
a fond picture of Mexico at Yule-

tide."

In both France and Mexico, Mid-
night Mass is ati occasion of beati-
tiful dignity and solcmnily. “The
French." Miss Dobbin stated, “go
straight to a cafe from church, and
while the outside world is dark and
sleepy, they have their Christmas
festival."

 

I? STATE COLLEGE NEWS, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1942

Fraternity Serenaders
Will ’Give Forth’ Tonight

Girls tonight's the night! Wash
out your ears and open the
windows, for a little after the
Cinderella hour you will hear
the sweet sound of masculine
voices joined in song. And
those voices will belong to the
fraternity men of State. who
once more are showing the ro-
mantic side of their natures, and
are giving forth with their an-
nual Christmas serenade.

First one frat starts out and
makes a tour of the other frat
houses, singing and picking up
new carolcrs along the way.
Then they start in on the soror-
ity houses, and as they draw
near, the girls hang out the
windows and voice their appre-
eialion.

However, it is a well-known
fact that singing whets the ap-
petite. Can the girls take a
hint'.’

 

Reserve Status

Remains Unclear

The Associated Press is a story
dalelined Washington. D. C., De-
ecmber 15, made the following
statement concerning the Enlisted
Reserve Corps:

"College students who are mem—
bers of the Enlisted Reserve Corps
probably will be called to active
duty within a few weeks.

"This was disclosed today by a
War department spokesman who
said the orders taking those youths
into service probably Would be
issued soon after the first of the
year. No prediction was made as
to the date the enlisted reserves
Would be directed to report. Mem-
bers of basic Reserve Officer Train—
ing Corps, not members of the
Enlisted Reserve are subject to in—
dttelion, the department said."

Editor's note: The effect of this
announcement on those enlisted iii
the army reserves iii this college
is ttoi yet clear.

 

(ili()l{(ll€ I). .II'IUNI'IY. I’rop.

 

BOULEVARD CAFETERIA

Try Our Businessman's Lunch

60c.

198-200 Central Avenue

I)It\l. 5-1913

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

  

/

    
   

SEND YOUR BAGGAGE AHEAD

“I I "tit‘ ‘1‘:

4 ls  .

    

 
  

—AND TAKE YOUR TRAIN QAREFREE!

 
   
   
   
  

[()\\’IIS.

AUI‘INCY

l)oii'i start lttl' home tlttttct‘ctl tip with luggage. just phone
li.\li.\\'.’\l' list-toss and we'll call for your trunks and bags,
speed them to your home, and save you time and needless
worry. (lives you more i'tttiill .titd comfort oi) the train, too,
to say nothing of pitk tip atid delivery at no extra charge
wiilnii our regular vehicle limits iii all cities and principal

You can send "tollett", too, when you use RAILWAY lix-
I’IIMS. just phone for information or service.

RAI LWA JXPRE S S

NATION-WIDE RAIL~AIR SERVICE

  
   
   
   
 

INC.

  

‘PAG'E__3_

Nurses Aides Find Work Satisfying, and Amusing

 

When a series of feminine giggles
accompanies a defensive statement,
“But I'd never done anything like
that before," which in turn accom-
panies a crimson face with an em-
barrassed expression, chances are
there's a nurses' aide in the group.

There are 51 of them—51 State
women working part—time at the
Albany Hospital, ﬁnding out that
the service they can give and the
satisfaction of aiding the war effort
are significant additions to the 30-
40 cents per hour remuneration.
They've pile up laughs and experi—
ences, they've returned to their
group houses after working, tired
and sometimes a little too sick to
eat, but they agree, “It's worth it."

The nurses' aides began to ﬁlter
into the hospital two months ago.
Some of them rolled up their
sleeves and were prepared for any—
thing; others expected to arrange
flowers for patients or to amuse the
inmates of the children's- ward.

 

by Jane Ilcaih

At ﬁrst the giggles were few,

“Nothing funny happened to me; it
was all rather revolting,” frequently
summarized a day's work. One aide
who got her orders mixed was told,
“I thought you had to be smart
to go to State College."

The ﬁrst job of another aide was
to start changing the diapers of the
nursery residents. “I’d never even
held a baby before; I was just per-
plexed," she confided to her room-
mate. Later she was permanently
assigned to the maternity ward
where she reports, “The food is de—
licious, especially the desserts. Only
annoyance is the happy fathers who
always mill around."

One of the workers started OH
with the task of transferring an
elderly lady from a stretcher to her
bed. “I don't. know how I did it."
she related, “but the patient landed
in bed, groaning, with her head
where her feel should be and vice
versa."

Laughs, advice, and various anti-
dotes followed the story of the aide
who swallowed a mysterious pill.
“I was drinking a glass of fruit
juice which one of the patients had
left untouched,” she explained. “All
of a sudden a little round tablet slid
down with the juice.”

The second-floor aide has a
bundle of tales about “Moose” and
“Terry,” patients of a while back.
She began with “Wait till I tell you
about the time ‘Moose’ wanted . . .”
but her voice trailed off. Her facial
contortions and chuckling assured
listeners the story was funny but
not to be retold.

Gradually the gripes disappeared.
Some of the aides quit; sometimes
the vacancies were ﬁlled by others.
Many are veterans now.

Albany Hospital is almost as
popular as the Commons, but it is
much more popuar with patients.
The aides work comparativer short
hours. and the hospital maintains a
24—hour shift.

 

 

 

—and we're glad your Holiday schedule
is arranged to permit travel before
and after the heavy rush

Your tri ) home for the Holida s foi'tunaiel needn’t coincide with the last-
I y Y

minute pre»Chi'istinns rush.

You can be out of your last class and on youi

way before the crowds are heaviest —— and return to college after the big i'tislt
You'll be saving a bus seat for a soldier on leave or a war worker at the only

tiiiie he can go

A and you'll have a less crowded trip yourself.

It's important tits “'1” to get tickets and information in advance and to leave
as far ahead of Ur Lamas as possible. Greyhound Will make every effort to
serve students on Holiday trips —~ but you can help by taking less baggage
than usual, by g rug III mid \M‘t‘h‘ it possible, and by taking unavoidable incur.

veniences oi d

[tilE “0“
SE “a‘tbcfttict W"

ucnts/

  
  
 
 

     

:0 Y”

  

  

71.;tzcmmwwm mi 1,; ~ 1;;

with .i siiitle.

('I-IN'I‘IHI. (ililtll'llUllNll LINES ’l‘l'llIMINAI.
350 Broadway
I'lioiics: -I-Iil(l5 and rI—liltiii

nevnauun

 

 

est/NE: ' .. ..

 

