3"»; {A

Half .o.‘ a

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

What’s the Matter with Us?

The campaign to give defense stamps instead of corsages
for Prom was not speciﬁcally at the instigation of this
publication, but the NEWS is whole-heartedly behind it.
This is important as campaigns go because it signiﬁes that
at’least some of our students are awake to a world situation
that demands our active support. The students behind this
movement realize as so many of us do not that we must
listen for the scraping sound of bombs as they are loaded
into Nazi bombers; not for their devastating detonation as
they fall upon us sending death into our midst. It is high
time that the people of America and especially of State
College tl‘Zt'lI/x’t'il to the necessity of (li'lf’t‘t' support of the war
effort, lest they die in their night shirts!!!!!

Scarlett O'Hara’s philosophy of “I'll think about it tomor-
row” may sound well in ﬁction, but it can bring nothing but
destruction to a nation at war. France “thought about it
tomorrow”; and now she thinks no more. How long will it
take the American people to realize that we are in a war
which we must win, but which we are not winning. Not by
any stretch of the imagination can Japanese advances in
the far East, the stiffening of Nazi resistance in Russia, the
recent humiliation of the British Navy and RAF in the
Straits of Dover, and the Nazi shelling of vital oil reﬁneries
in “thel‘Dutch East Indies be interpreted as gains by the
United Nations.

It is not a comforting thought that President Roosevelt
said on Wednesday that an attack on New York City is
feasible. It is not a comforting thought that Senator John-
son (R-Calif.) charged on the same day that there is “no
adequate defense of the Paciﬁc Coast” and that “without
that we’re likely to see in the near future another Pearl
Harbor” (San F‘ancisco). These are not comforting
thoughts, but they are thoughts. if these are the ideas that
are in the minds of our State College students and the minds
of the American people and in the minds of our Congress-
men, these people would not bicker over slight encroach-
ments in Hell Week activities, or the inconvenience of tire
rationing, or spent time enacting legislation insuring old age
security. Concepts of personal pleasure, convenience and
even security, are all gone by the board now. We must
realize this or up will follow these concepts. There can be
only one thought now: we must fight, you must fight, he
must light, I must fight, for only by such aggressive thought
and action can We deserve, or indeed obtain, the security
which we crave.

Fight cannot mean guns and battles for college students,
but it can and does mean ail-out student coope 'ation in the
V’it' activities effort which has been set up by students and
faculty alike. 'i‘his all-out student cooperation has not been
forthcoming. In the first week of Defense Stamp sales in
the (,‘o-op our students purchased tive cents Worth of stamps
each. is thi' an all-out effort '.’ In the month or so so that
lied (‘ross sewing has been organiZed at this college only
eleven out of approximately eight hundred girls have re-
sponded to the call and done Work Worth mentioning. (‘an
this be called an all-out effort. Leaders in all phases of the
war activities complain of a general apathy on the part of
all workers. The volluiteers were many and enthusiastic
shortly after last Iiecember 7, but Workers who grew out
of this enthusiasm are few and far between 3!!! Something
must be done about this situation. The only people who can
do this something are the students of this college. The
responsibility is ours~~~We must accept it or suffer for our
negligencc in the future.

Itecent developments have shown that We must be pre—
pared. The whole college is being closed after dark with the
exception of linestetl Ilail where a few essential after-dark
activities must be carried on. ls this not enough to convey
to even the most apathetic of persons that. something unw
usual is afoot '.’ ’i‘his nu-ans that our library will be closed
evenings. When an institution for the training of teachers
curtaiis its eduzational program, one must conclude that
even the most important of things must bow to the spirit
of war. it is our lot to fight.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARV 20, 194!

The Weekly Bulletin

SIG]!
it is very important that
all seniors and graduate
students registered with
the Student i‘lmployirient
llnreaa. fill in the number
of the room where each
class is being held, also
where they can be located
in free periods. Please check
your schedule cards imme-
dlaiely.
Mlt. I'Al'l. lIl’lA-‘vER,
Director of SE".
SENIORS, GRADUATE
S DENTH
Seniors and graduate stil-
deats interested In working
on committees on "'i'ile Let-
ter of Application” or “l'cr—
sonal interview and Ap-
pearance" or "Ethics"
should sign up at the Sta-
dcnl Employment iiureau
now. “('IHH‘IH ot’ the results
in about a month. The last
day for signing up Is Mon-
day. February 23.
Mlt. l'AllL IIULGER,
Director of SE".
JUNIOR CONFERENCES
Juniors whose names are
posted on the bulletin board
opposite, the registrar's of-
fice and who have not cori-
s‘ultcd with Dean Nelson as
yet must do so some time
today.
M. (l. NELSON.
Dean of the College.

CLUB SPONSORS NEED-
El)

Anyone interested in spon-

soring the following clubs
in Milne, please see Mr.
Paul iiuiger or Winifred
liner, ’4‘): auto mechanics;
movie amireelation; har-
monica. (tine sponsor is
needed for each club.)

SOCIAL CALENDAR
It‘ebruary 20—mSt‘A Chorus,
Lounge. 3:30 P. M.
February ‘10; alllllllir i'rom,
Aarania t‘luh. It) I'. M.
It‘ebruary 2l-v—Junlor Limeli-
l‘ilii, Jack's Restaurant, 1
l'. .\l.

February ill Ileta Zeta vie
dance, ll 1'. M.

i-‘r-brnary ‘..’l Kappa Delta
vie dance, Ii i’. M.

February i.'-i Forum meet-
ing, Lounge, 3:30 P. M.

February :14  Advanced
liramaties plays, Page
llali auditorium. 8:30
1'. M.

February 25~ilebale sem-
4 Inar, iloom 2t), .‘iziiti l‘. M.

lt‘ehruary 26 Newman (‘lnb
meeting. Newman t‘lub,
7:30 P. M.

 

KWMGKW

by Bub Adams

I'm overwhelmed, non-plussed, discombooberated
and out of a job. I’ve chewed my hands down to
stumps. My nerVes are shot to pieces. My head beats
like a tomtom. My pulse is doing a rhumba and you
ask “How did you like the blackout ?" People like
you oughta be shot. Another blackout like that and
I'll need more than Klldare or Gillespie. I'll call in
Glotz, I will. Who’s Glotz? He’s the little brown man
who rides in on the left ear of the calico cat, dangles
the left ear of an antelope. a toothbrush and three
lumps of sugar in front of me, slaps me with an anvil
and shouts: “Hell Shotzfrotz. and we will gruberl"

I’m tired of it. Pink elephants are nothing.
Lavendar alligators are insipid. Little green dragons
are colorless. Have you ever had a little brown brother
ride in on the left ear of a calico cat and shout "Hell,
Shotzfrotz and we will gruber"?

It’s silly but it happens and it’s all on account of
blackouts and blackouts are dangerous to sanity.
I wouldn’t mind but in my contract with Sour Brotten
Pictures Co. Inc. Ltd. there is a sanity clause. Who
said there ain't no sanity clause? You've never been
to Hollywood or Culvert City. Ask that little buoy.
Sea '1'

Anyway out here in Culvert City, we had another
blackout the other night, just as I was about to dress
for the premiere of "OUR CYNIC AND OLD LACE,”
Sour Brotten Pictures Co. Inc. Ltd's newest smash hit.
tI wrote it. It’ll smash all right. Boston doesn't like
me. New York hates my guts. Chicago says I’m a
misogynistlc mlsanthrope. Charlie McCarthy says I’m
Stuporman in person and Barrymore says, "Barrymore
work for Sour Brotten . . . PHaahhhhhhhhhhhh t”)

Anyhow, I was about to dress for the premiere when
all the lights went out and the sirens started moaning.
I kept time with them by screaming “Eve—linn ! Eve-
linn l” (my English valet, Evelyn Martin DeQuincey
Schmaltz, Princeton, '39. out of Saratoga by way of
Pimltco, Epsom Downs, Hialeah and East Toldy-Toid
Street). “Eve-linn l" I bellowed in my best Sour Brot-
ten Pictures Co. Inc. Ltd, manner. Then I remembered.
Evelyn was dancing with Tosca, my maid who had
offered to take Marley my cock to see her mother in
Packard, my car, so James, my chauffeur. took Sam
my second valet and since they were passing the Casa
Banana they dropped off Jock, my gardener and Eva
my wife . . . Wahhhhl I was all alone.

"I must (tress for the premiere." said I to Sour
Brotten's wit and author of that smash hit, “Our Cynic
and Old Lace." I started toward the bedroom, tripped
over a footstool. carccned through space and lit gasp-
ing like a damp goldfish on the tea table. Good 01'
ten tablessroilcd through the doorway and deposhlt—
pardoir deposited me in the bedroom, I think. "Now
to get, dresh~ dressed," said I, “dresh for the premiere."

“Drcsh. dresh, dresh." I was singing ten minutes
later as I hailed a cab. "Dresh, drcsh, dresh." I chanted
twenty minutes later as the cab drew up in front. of
(lrowemann's Chi-knees ’I‘heeter. "Whatta you know,
no lites,“ shouted God's gift to Sour Brotten Pictures
Co. Inc. Ltd. Someone shushed me shnsh. "Don‘t you
shush me shush," shush I and stepped up to the mlker—
phone Just then somebody yelled, "Blackout’s over i”,
the whole world lit. up and there I stood. a searchlight
beating down on me. dressed in a shoe box, an old
inner tube and a pack of Old Golds. I guess the tea
table didn't. take me into the bedroom. Wuhhh was
me i

War Fronts
by Feigenbaum

Willi the Japanese 75 miles from the city, the
lh'ltish are evacuating the civilian population from
ltangoon, the seaport of the iiurma road. Chinese
troops have launched a drch against northern ’l‘hui-
land to relieve the pressure on Burma.

The Japanese captured Singapore, and launched
their drive against Sumatra. They took the ruined
industrial city of Palembang in the south where the
Dutch iluvo destroyed the oil fields. Japanese planes
attacked the naval base at. Darwin in North Australia.

Winston Churchill. facing a stormy Commons on the
charge of gross inefficiency in Malaya and Singapore,
and the escape of the Nazi battleships Heliarnhorst
and (hieisenau accompanied by the cruiser Prinz
Eugen. granted a two day full-dress debate for next
Week.

 

 

 

 

 

By Herb Leneker

It used to be the height of ambition for a mother
to have her son grow up and become President. Now
she wants her daughter to grow up and marry a man
who will become President. . . .

 

Have you had any of the “war-coffee" at the Boul
yet ?

In a letter to Glen Walrath, Van Schulze, last year's
glamour boy around State, gives a graphic descrip-
tion of the life of an aviation cadet. Stationcd at the
biggest Air Corp Replacement center in the U.S.. Van
enlightens us thus:

"A replacement center is a place where men are
sent for 3 or 4 weeks training in the ‘School of the
Soldier,‘ which is just a fancy name for infantry
drill."

Two Vans at Jefferson Barracks

’44's contribution writes that Van Ellis is also at
Jefferson, and that the former '4301- has a “soft” job,
being stationed there for the duration reliving in the
comparative luxury of a barracks.

Schulzc and most of the boys live in tents, which
are OK, IF “you can keep the ﬁre hot. if your tent
doesn‘t leak, if you can keep the draft out with all
the cracks in the bottom, and if the weather isn‘t 8
degrees below zero."

About the only deplorable condition is the fact
that our hero hasn't seen a girl to talk to for over a
month (except behind a connterl. causing him to
begin to doubt the existence of the beautiful beings
which he unromanticaliy labels “creatures.” . . .

No, Van. State doesn't look too much like a girl’s
school yetkat least not any more than usual. You
ask about the "News" being sent to you it can be
arranged, and Glen will probably take care of it.

Tell the other Van his classmates are having their
Junior Prom this weekend—that they all wish he
could be here to watch Don Rcdman and his black-
out band swing out. Tell him we‘ll be thinking of him
anyway. and that we're all wishing him the best of
luck. . . .

Schulzc will move in a couple of weeks to one of
the various flight training centers. but at the present
can be reached by writing Private Van Schulze, Flight
1'7, 28th Squad. Jefferson Barracks. Missouri. . . .

Victory Through Sweat Only

It’s just about time we all got on the ball. rolled up
our sleeves, and went to work. The Japanese may be
using .25 caliber rifles. they may be using BB guns.
but at any rate they've done an 'clluva lot of damage.

Italy may be mad at Germany:—-Germany may be
about to explode internallyzw All the oppressed peoples
of Europe may be just on the verge of a gigantic revolt;
—Gcrman officers may be getting shot down instead of
dying by disease, etc.;#and Steam-roller Joe Stalin’s
boys may be giving Adolf the bum’s rush: All of
which is pleasant to hear but doesn't count for a hoot
in you know where, in winning this war.

The followers of a pot-bellied imitation Caesar may
be mad at Aryanism‘s chief exponent, but this does not
bring Singapore back. Joe Stalin is doing OK now in
the winter, but Adolf isn't exactly ready for a wheel-
chair yet, and in the spring. while most men are turn-
ing lightly to thoughts of love, Dracula's dream child
will how his eye on the Kremlin, hoping to have
Comrade Joe for dinner on toast !

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, 1916
by the Class of 1918

\ol .\.\\'l i‘I'Itl.i,\, i‘i-lil‘liar) '_‘Il_ lili’.’ \o I‘

 

Member Dislnhulor

Associated (‘Uliegtalc l'l'css t,‘ulle4/ldll.' Dir/cal

’l'ln- lllIIll'l':l'.llIIl.lli' l|I‘\\'~|Itl|I--l' ol Ibe .\ew ioilt Slab l‘ol
'ege for 'I'e.|:'litr~ Illlllii‘lil'ii ~\i-l'_\‘ I'I'Inllly ul lill‘ milieu.
_\n-nl‘ b_\ tin» \l‘.\\.\‘ Hoard for the student .\=~-Il'l.||llrll
i'honos til'l'lee, .l ‘JJITII. Iiul‘l'diit't‘, .‘l ‘JHIii; Iioistu in, .t ‘\ -
Iii‘iiiIW-‘lill, Ii Ilﬁlls.

Entered as .weonrl r'ltl‘m‘ [nut/e: Albany, N. l‘., posto/fn‘e

 

"EPNKLUILN'EU FUN NATIONAL AUVENT'HING "Y
[I . t . ‘. ‘ .
hational Advertising bervrce, inc.
College Publisher: lie/Ircu'nlutiw
420 MADISON AVE. New Yonx. N. Y.
turner) ' iloalorl I Lou Maura ' 5AM IIAMLIhCO

The News Board

EDWIN J. HOLSIEIN —
WILLIAM R. DORRANCE

A HARRV PASSOW

MADELINE GRUNWALD

HARRIET DEFOREST

ALLEN SIMMONS

CARL MITCHELL

FLORA GASPARY

MURIEL SCOVIQLJ.

DAVID SLAVIN

 

LlilIUH-IN l iiiLl‘

( ii-l Hill)” lN «'ltlll‘
MANAlilNh ll)li|)ii
tilibINIEifi MAN/\LILN
ADVLHIIBING MANAGE"
(illiCULAIION MAN/\(ilzli
hi'UlilS EUHDH
Ahblilji/tli; IUIIUN
AbbUlZlAil; I'DIIL)"
Abbi“ IAII LIiITI)“

 

ISSUE EDITORS
HUHA (sAsr'Ahv
MUHIL-t. b'LUVLLL tmvm sLAVlN

 

mu» 1

.\Il ('Ilillllillllll'JIItlilrv should In- addressed to lhe miller and
ritual he slylii‘il .\:rme.« will be Within-id upon request
The S'IA'I‘I'I l'lli.|.l‘1til‘3 I\I"\\'h‘ unwinlen no responslbillll
for opinions l‘klil‘t‘nht'li in Ila columns or coiumunlcallollii
an .ueh euiresslnns do not necessarily reﬂect Ils View:

 

 

 

\
l

m. yawn-m .....W.MW

K
5.

 

 

    

wanna-mm: :3: “'v"

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARYISO,1942

'NATIONAL

After the Bali — Joke Lance, Georgia Tech captain, burst through a group
of Kentucky players in a gallant effort to get the boil and put his team
out in front. it was all in vain however as the Tech quint was nosed out,
38 to 37.

Collegiate Digest Photo by Lane

 
  
  
 

 

The man shortage has taken on a gruesome aspect of
Akron University, and the latest “blind dole" turned out
to be a skeleton However, he’s all dressed up and ready
to go with Esther Liberman. Collegiate Digest Photo by Tumbling

Dig for Defense Be-
cause of a labor shortage,
several Midland College
students did their share
on the home front by dig-
ging water pipe ditches as
part of a Federal Housing
Project. The boys termed
it, "Dirt ior Japan."

____*__..

Daffodils!
“V i c t o r y Weekend“ of
Cornell University and the
“V’s in Our Bonnet” vori~
ety show netted more than
$5,000 in war stamp soles
recently when the school
went all out to aid the
war effort. This chorus in-
cluded football stars, the
class president and promi-
nent campus figures.

Collegiate Dlgosl Photo by leviion

,‘,..'l 1’" ' ‘ '  - '  I ‘1‘ . “, .24 Ii-.f ‘-

":‘rztarmVji


r
i
l

 

 

 

Educe
gaze],
iﬁed
tate Col-
not-too-

iich im-
slutionize

.tic State
3 waltzcs

radical
:casional
'ts of '43
3in with
1 caused
a to re-
'nl wait-
‘gruntled

to sug-
is danc-
astics to
ng table.
1 recup-
np. were
render-

me

nor and
hich '43.
d hand-
manner
ward.

iclr cus-
l to in-
and of-
; heaven
slthough
to com-
nstrated
till. they
‘om the

l'. their
(l, "The
thing in
.r stride
for on
rivalry
in fav-

te class.
re year
dreaded
'csident,
of this
it diso-
‘w that
t place,
)hs on-
show-
igs and

gun, the
)r and
Willi a

cd, un-
Wlth a
hell its
in the
ten the
'lcd ap-
)antless
in the
eshmcn
ony at
crafty
ie hal—
t' Dean
lcc the

prece-
omorcs
mu 1'

 

'terls~
Luke
cokes.

 

 

roar-Wt

.aIA'

 

