 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEws
Established May, l9l6
by the Class of I918

Friday, October 16, 1942 No. 5

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collcgfrlln Digm .
The undergraduate newspaper or the New York Stats Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Ofﬁce, 5-9873: Slnvtn, 2-9726; Burrows, 2-2752

Vol. VII‘

 

IIFIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIINU IV

NationalldvertisingSOrvlce, Inc.
Calla: Pull-Inn REM-mi!“er

420 MAOIsON Ave. New YORK. N. Y.

CNICMIO I IOIYDI - L09 Alﬁllll - SM! IIAICIICO

The News Board

DAVID SLAVIN - - - -
FLORA M. GASPARY
R. MURIEL SCOVELL
CAROLYN BURROWS '- - - -
BEVERLY PALATSKY - - -

KATHERINE COUSINS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
PETER MARCHETTA - - - - - SPORTS EDITOR
JANET BAXTER - . - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
UERNARD SKOLSKY - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BETTY SIENGEL - - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
- - - CO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVEFI “SING MANAGER

 

min—'51:.» a

nun

 

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Norms will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its
view.

This Hour ls Ours

'l‘ime does not stand still. Evert 8:l0 classes
end sometime, and college days are a very brief
chapter in ottr lives. We wlro are college stit-
dents at a period that marks a changing era ltave
been brought sharply to this realization. Again
it is time that will tell whether or not it has been
brought to Its with great enough clarity.

 

With the last few tnonths, time has written a
startling finish to one period of eternity, and has
begun another. The passing weeks, turning iirto
years, will determine the character of this new
period, in which we are tltc pioneers. Time will
tell, htit we are the ones who will guide the hatrd
that writes. And we cannot delay in assuming
the roles for which we are cast.

We have the outline, we have the materials.
The present is trow, for time does not stand still.
And in this present, the world is not the one
we knew yesterday. In this present, utttoltl num-
bers arc relinquishing hourly their inalienable
right to live as men with other men.

Nothing we will give tan be too great, for
others will give more. lint nothing we will give
("an be too little, if it is given with every shred
of sincerity and effort of which we are capable.
'l'hc spirit with whith we endow the present will
be revitalized in the years that are yet to more.
it is (“It task to Ir‘eatc that spirit. so that those
touring tiller us may re-tr‘eatc it.

Not for Its, perhaps, the dcatlt and the glory.
Nor, perhaps, the darkness and the ultimate
ligltt. l’iitt, for Its, the labor, for us, the servitc.
for Its, the hope. .\Iid for Its-milie future.

Who Bids?

Another year. Another lrosh clcttion. .‘\ll(l
a new grotip (‘lllt‘ts State College politits.

Sotttc ttttttlitltttes may be barked by orgtini/ctl
inter-Ilass groups; other» may he sell~iioiiiiittttctl.
lint all run for the olfttc that st‘t‘lth ttlttsl trttitit-
live, and all vote freely. l‘his is the only elct-
tion in Width voting will be tIIIitIIhII-nted by
fraternity and sorority ltllillitlitrtts the only f'lt‘t-
tion in whith voters have only friendship tics
asa basis for Ilreir balloting. (In the other hand.
the Iesttlts of the t‘lt'tlltith will be It definite
iIilIIIentc lll deterni‘triiig just who will affiliate
himself with whith fraternity or what sorority.

’l'hc vit tors tltciirseltes will enter the spotlight,
and with little ellott. remain there. Some of
the noII—oIfitc ltttltlt'ts turn their talent to other
fields in tltttit bitl lot lame; others are toirteirt
to study without the diveisioit of the spotlight.
Mind of the freshmen will make no deliberate
tlctisions, httt before they I'cali/e it they will fttid
that they have ti definite position in lllt' game of
politics.

Who bids?

r

   

 

REMET.

M'CHIGAN‘S SWIMMING SPEED-
SIER. WORKS l-IIS MY TIIRWSII
EIIOL BY MEANS OF NINE
PART TIME JOBS AND STILL
MAINTAINS A'B‘ AVERAGE!

 

 

 

  

Arum BOXING
TEAMS WERE
UNDEFEATED lN
OVER 50 DUAL

MEETS FROM
I920 T0 I9'5l ./

   
   
 
  

.. t.:,~i‘l‘§""¢;e.i, '-
.. ~'.‘:I't.vmy€.'“2w=‘ '
I Vinyls,» a, —

FOR MEN ONL‘I.’

PHI KAPPA ALPHAS AT THE unwor-
NEW MEle use THE "ESIUFA‘ FOR
ANINIiiAItON CENTER. It IS THEIR
BOAS’T THAT NO WOMAN l-IAS EVER
ENTERED IIIE ODDLv SHAPED BUILDING!

 

  

 

SEND WUR ODDITIES T0 A.C.P. 523 FAWKES BUILDING, MINNEAPOL|S\MINNE$0TA

 

The Curfoin Rises

 

Betty TuyFul

Last. Tuesday evening Advanced
Dramatics, under the guiding hand
of Miss It‘utter'er, presented their
first program of the season. The
cast of the tragedy directed by Jim
McFeeley was made up of three
college-stage veterans: Art Soder—
find, Hal Ashworth, and Mary
Studebaker. The comedy directed
by Trece Aney carried an equally
able cast consisting of Bob Loucks.
Lois Hampcl and Paul Barselou,

Undoubtedly these two plays were,
the best student—directed perform-
ances that have appeared in Page
Hall for at least two years. Orchids
aplenty to Miss Aney and McFecley
for their capable handling of the
evenings entertainment.

The set for the tragedy, with its
unique backdrop and unusual light-
ing, was unusually good and de-
serves honorablc mention. Ash-
worth and Miss Studebaker were
excellent, as always, but the four
bells of the evening go to Art So—
der'lind for his last, and, in this
critic's opinion, best performance of
his State College career.

The cotncdy carried itself as all
comedies should. Tito full lights
and lighted whimsical set were
deﬁnitely right for the gay, bright
mood of the play Particular
praise must go to Miss Hampcl and
Barselott for their excellent control
during their argumentative climax.
Their timing was perfect, their
effect right. Loucks' makeup, of
course, was unfortunate.

Under the special note colunrtr
comes the entertainment between
plays. Edward Krupp played the
piano and well, but the surprise
of the evening was a feminine sex-
tet. Will they take the place of tile
Four men of State now in the wide,
wide world? And why not!!

Yes, last Tuesday evening was a
gala opening night for A. D. Both
plays were rough in spots, but it
must be remembered that this was
merely a beginning, a first step.
And, we might add, a step worth
listening to. Keep up the good work,
A. D. You have a standard to
maintain and a goal to be surpassed.

 

70m 7%

by Feigenboum

 

Australians advancing on the Is—
land of New Guinea are finding no
Jap forces opposing tlrerir. General
MacArthur reports that allied troops
have crossed the Owen Stanley
Mottntain Range in their attempt to
drive the Japs back from Port
Moresby. It scents that the Jtips
have withdrawn their forces from
the Island of New Guinea, and have
shifted them to the Solomon Islands
because the Navy reports that Jap
naval vessels shelled American posi—
tions on Guadalcanal Island and
landed invasion troops. United
Stales' submarines and warships irr—
flicted severe losses oti the .ltip ships.
This appears that l.li(: .ltrps tnotttt
business this time in their attempt
to recapture the. Solomons. The
American forces have not tntrdc con—
tact with the .laps on the island as yet.

At Pearl Harbor, Admiral Nimitz,
Commtititler-iii—Chief of the Pacific
Fleet, who lItid just returned from
It [our of Uiritcd States bases in the
southwest Pacific, said that Ameri-
can forces eottld be expected to coir—
solitltito their holdings iii the Solo—
mons trtrd continue the Pacific offen—
sivc begun there. The .ltips arc tt'y~
ing to prove him it false. prophet.

Congress is considering tlte drrrlt
hill for Ill titrd l0 your old youths.
Secretary Stimson and General lVliti"
nlttdl testified before the House Milt-v
ttii'y Affairs Committee that the th—
III draft is vital. Revealing for the
first time that fire size of the army
in 1013 will be 7,500,000 men, Hoct‘c-
ttiry Stimson and General Marshall
said that younger men are needed
to provide tough and well trained

front litre forces to meet the best
troops the enemy can prodttcc. They
also disclosed that the Artny now
stands at about 4,250,000 men.

Moscow reports that the Red
Army is holding the Germans on
both the Stalingrad and Caucasus
fronts and has made some slight ad--
vanees northWest of Stalingrad and
lit ti sector to the south. Hitler hat:
evtdetrtly given up trying to take
Stalingrad before winter. The Ger-
man troops are digging iti at their
present positions, and General It‘t'tin‘l.
lltrldci', Chief of the German Gon-
crtil Staff, has diverted supplies from
other fronts so that German troops
in Russia will not stiffer as they did
last winter.

The Axis has rostirriod its till-out
air raids on the island of Mtilttt. The
island's tutti—aircraft defenses have
taken tr hcnvy toll of the raiders.
I'lcnvy Axis attacks on Malta usually
hith preceded it (let-man drive in
Africa. The purpose of the raids is
to bottle tip allied aircraft so they
cannot bomb Axis convoys in the
Metliterrtinctm bringing supplies to
Rommel,

lleinrieli lllllllllll‘l‘, head of the
(it‘l‘liii'tll Gestapo, is conferring with
Mussolini in Hittite. Reports that
filtered ottl of the Axis etiitip indi-
cated Illltl (lot-trinity bird grown lII'
t-retisiiigly suspicious of her junior
partner's tittitttdc toward the United
States. Attorney General lIiddlc’s
recent announcement that after ()c—
tobci' I0 the 000,000 Italian iii the
U. S. would no longer be under re—
tilt‘ieilotts as enciin aliens, has made
the Germans suspicious of Italians.

by Herb Leneker——_____
Just remember this—France didn’t fall, it rotted. . . .

RIENOW STILL WITH WAC

You may have heard that, due to schedule conﬂicts
and the fact that he has only 30 hours in his working
day, Dr. Rienow is resigning from War Activities
Council. This just ain’t so, for the “Blonde Bomber”
of the poly sci department is, was, and will be very
much in evidence in the WAC.

This is good news, for any organization can proﬁt
by the prudently aggressive clear thinking of such a
person, who, while closely co-operating in worthwhile
activities, will never sink to the stupor of a “yes man."
In the need for such individuals, War Activities Coun—
cil is certainly no exception. . . .

OF MEN AND MORE MEN

FRANK HARDMEYER, previously reported missing,
is in a German prison camp. . . . The bullets just don’t
come big enough . . . ask any who knew him. . . .
DENNY PEEPER, glamour boy of the oft—lamented
“old guard," wandered about State this week, looking
for what he termed the “vanishing Americans." . . . Is
non-com with the new guard at Miami Beach, Air
Force . . . GEORGE KUNZ writes that during earlier
training he was required to hold himself at arm's length
by the hair of his head . . . sounds difﬁcult . . . Now
taking advanced work in Missouri. . . .

As of this Wed., LEN FRIEDLANDER’S uniform
is weighted down by a gold bar on each shoulder . . .
One of the Fort Benning boys . . . “State’s training
ought to help all our grads" (and that ain't all) “to
become ofﬁcers. Teaching is emphasized here.” DAN
BUCCI, PFC Spence Field, Ga., is crazy about army
life. . . .'Recently got himself engaged to the “Queen
of the South,” so no wonder things look rosy. . . .
When last heard from, the inimitable JOHN GAR—
DEPHE was at Fort Monmouth with the signal regi—

ment. . . .

BOB GLEASON, he of the wavy hair tit green
jacket, left last Thursday for his free camping trip. . ..
NICK MURPHY will soon take a world cruise . . . Also
provided by our rich Uncle . . . WILL MULLER, play-
boy 0f '43 who brought the “Lindy” to State, is in an
aviation-radio school at Jacksonville, Fla, “learning
the ins and outs of radio, gunnery, and naval life in
general. . . ." Wing leader, in charge of 66 men . . .
Plenty of women around—some of them respectable. . . .

3 CHEERS FOR MYSKANIA

By now it is common knowledge that those of the
long black robes will allow no change in the rivalry
sot tip whereby the filthy lucre can be a deciding fac-
tor in the awarding of coveted points.

It is true that the editorial last week got the plan
as presented all bailed up, but this was the identical
way it was understood by many. . . . Backers of the
plan laughed at this misinterpretation, but the laughter
was not catching. . . .

Enthusiasts in WAC claim that the correct plan is to
have teams from each rivalry class compete in the sale
of War Stumps, but their machinery for the set up of
this is highly complicated, in an impractical sort of a
way, and would still allow the class with the most
purchasing power to bring home the bacon.

This idea of commercialism, whether a theoretic
quibble or a practical actuality, is extremely repug-
nant. . . .

Let the War Statnp Table, sponsored by WAC, take
care of the sale of war stamps, for things have come to
a pretty pass if people have to be goaded into buying
these interest bearing defenders of detnocraey by some
super—zealous class patriot interested in getting rivalry
points. . . .

WAC is doing an excellent job—let's get that straight
right now—«but when they miss the boat, as was (little
with this idea, then they open themselves for criticism.
for It majority of State students do not worship sacred
cows, nor do they bclievo that “the king can do no
wrong. . . .’

Let those heading hell—bent for hysteria accuse us
of impeding the war effort if they so desire.

The Weekly Bulletin

WAR .\f”l‘l\'l'l‘llin

Any students who have
not. yet volunteered IUI'
participation III WIII' activi-
ties may do so between it , . .
and 4 P. M. in tho Rotunda mammal}: ‘y‘ﬁij‘l’fl‘? ,9"!
of Draper l-ltrit todtiy. Per- .,..m p ” NEH" m  Huff}
Homtt interviews by metn- :(j'um 'rmni'mllll“(,mixlj'“i;
tiers ot Will' Council may I, M “I from PM 11%,},
be! “bill'lhljfl'd In "Him: .Hmt llttil. Coronation ptigotttt’t.
V” “H (“H "my mummy Page Hull auditorium ii

 

 

SIN‘IAI. i'.\l.iv.'.\‘lt.\it

Oct t0——Freshmtin~sopho«
more rivalry pushbttll
grime III tront of Page
Illlll, 4:00 P. M.

'l '9 E ' : . —
(100M tIItlt tttthllIot-I. 1,. M DHHMHH m H“.
Commons, it P, M.
lullﬂgiltyyltlg “A511,; Oct. lII~--WI‘OII llttll "AL
Hit 2" ' ' ,‘ ~ -
lltdn costing $1.013 wttt go p( If]? “H huywh “ML i

on aide in lower Driiptn' 0,.L'uo' NEW . s . .

H .u ~- . H (.ttt) (.ltinht'iu
littll Monday. “my will be for freshmen Ill itoom
tivuthible till week. 1” 13 “mm

Oct. LIO-~~ii‘r‘ciiirrittiii chtito

I" .1 AI . Hqutid tryouts, Room 20.

“' ” 3:30 i’. M.
Sophomore women who Oct. 20  Classical (/‘lltb
Wlnlt to help wlrt I'lviilry meeting, III the liottttttth

points should sign tip to- (Iztitt I’. M.
titty for tho obstitclc i'IIt'ttI Oct. 'Jlrirlllllol Ineottttg ttt
It‘lo (llll'lltll the Lounge, 0100 P. M
()et, Lti---HUA Iiiiiittiil out.-

m.;luv”.; ttig. IIOL dog l'tltlhl he-«
“ V tittitt Women’s (IIII‘III, II It
ItIchhnIoti may try out. M. Dancing III the ltlh'l"

for debate Humid 'I'tteniltty ltottttt will follow.

at 0:00 I'. M. In itoom 20. Oct. 32 Ncwnnin (Hub hot.
Anyone wishing to try out. (log roast tit. Nowmtin
should prepare ti two-mtn- Hall. 4 i‘. M. Dancing
ttto speech on the topic. will follow.

“ltusotvett: 'i‘htit mun otgti- Oct. Ell-"All-Hlttlltt semi-
tooti yntit'n ot' age should be format. It i’. M. to l A. M
drafted for service in the Dancing III News and
U. B. Army." Sayins unite.

Governor Lehman

To Give Address

At Convocation
Educators to Convene

At Chancellors Hall

The 78th convocation of the Uni—
versity of the State of New York,
together with the inauguration of
Dr. George D. Stoddard as President
of the Universin and Commissioner
of Education will take place this
afternoon and this evening at Chan—
cellors Hall at the State Education
Building. The theme of the convo—
cation is Education in a Day of
Crisis.

At this afternoon’s session, which
begins at 2:30 P. M., there will be
several musical selections by the
Orchestra of the Ithaca Public
Schools and baritone solos by Stuart
Gracey. Various men in the educa—
tional field will greet the new Com-
mossioner. The Honorable William
J. Wallin, Vice—Chancellor of the
University, will preside this after--
noon.

The Honorable Thomas J. Matr-
gan, Chancellor of the University,
will preside at this evening‘s session.
There will be an address by the
Honorable Herbert H. Lehman, Gov-
ernor of the State of New York, after-
which the Honorable William J.
Wallin will present the President of
the University and Commissioner of
Education. The Honorable George
D. Stoddard will then give his in—
augural address.

The program will be completed by
the conferring of honorary degrees.

No tickets to this event are issued.
Students may attend either in the
afternoon or evening.

Canterbury Club Elects
Helen Elgin President

Canterbury Club has elected new
officers, because Audrey Bcnfiold
'43, President, did not return to
Shite College. The new officers
are as follows: Helen Eight '44,
President; Vern Willard 'tl/l, vice»
president; Marion Davis '45, sec-
retary; Helen Rhodes ’45, treasurer;
and Marjorie Bt'cunig ’44, publicity
director. The meeting was held
at. the home of Rev. and Mrs.
Charles Finlay on Western Avenue.
At the next meeting, on November
8, arrangements will be made for ti
bridge party to be held November-
13, at St. Andrews Episcopal Church
Hall. At this time there will be
guest speakers and also an admission
of twenty—five cents will be charged.

'46 Nominations

(Continued front page I, column I)
Donald, Elizabeth J. MeGI'tith, lrcnc
Polsky, Wilbot- Schief. Robert Wil—
cox.

WAA Representative: Georgette
Dunn, Eileen Shoup, Mary Seymour,
Jctitr 'l‘urner, Roberta Vtrn Atikcn.

('hccrlctuler: l“l()l‘fl Coneti, Isn-
bellc It‘ctir, Janet (iros, Rosanne
Hayden, Evcrson Kinn, Alice Mc—
Gowan, Helen Slack, Arlene Stcpp,
Betty Williams, Lynn Wolff, Jenn
Zingalc.

MAA Representative: Martin Bort-
nick, Richard Chollimi, Walter Cum-
Inhigs, Dim (illicit, .lolitr Riccardo,
'l‘crrence Smythc, Robert Sullivan,
Richard ’l‘onttrrski. I

WAA Manager: Home nomina—
tions as WAA chrcscttttitivc. Nonr-
incos will choose for which office
they wish to Hill.

Songlctider: Peggy (.‘tiscy, l“lt)t‘tl
Coirctt, Rosalind Ginsberg, Mary lion
l'lttynos, Idenrd Krupp. Phyllis
O'Connor, Chnt'lcs lieichtn't, Arllrttr
Russell, Agnes Young.

Representative to Finance llotii'd:
DOI‘IH Jonks, Sonja Ktiilish, Robert
E. Lee, Phyllis O'Connor, (loneviovo
Smithly, Marian Spink. I)tilo Sulli~
vnti, Roger Wall, Rosemary Woskc.

I'ulilieity (‘liaii'nninz 'l‘om Boyltm,
Joseph Bivitino, Mtn'gnrot Cohl.
Cltirti llill, livorson Kinn, Elizabeth
Lclt‘tii'o. Sylvia Proppor, thii'ic Send—
dor. Ned 'l‘itnpnno.

Duffy to Crown
(Continued jroiii page I, t‘ttfltllftt ‘it
'l‘oniori'ow will Intirk the twenty
third annual Ctimpiis Day. The
first sitnilur celebration was lioltl
III I020 and was devoted to n day
of cinnpotiich sport. A bushel
lunch, ti ctrtnptts sing, turd flIIllL‘lllII,
followed. The first Campus Queen
was chosen in 1022 to preside chr
the third annual Campus Day.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 19’“ '

Blonde, Brunette or Browneffe,

Which Type Will Wear the C Town.a

 

Like a mother forced to pick out
her most appealing child, we went;
into the Commons to cast our ballot.
Yes, the dye is cast——we have al-
ready voted and we still don't know
who will be the Campus Queen of
1942.

There are five nominees, and as
we looked from one to the other in
an effort to determine ottr choice, it
became more and more difficult. We
kept reversing ourselves in an hon—
est effort to pick only one.

Some of us prefer brunettes. If
enough of us did, the vote would
have to be split between Betty
Bar-den and Dorothy Cox. The girl
with the brown hair, sometimes re-
ferred to as a brownetfe, Emily
Blasiar, is a type in herself! The
fourth and ﬁfth girls, Shirley East—
man and Mildred Matticc combine
that well-known quality of the fair
hair and the blue eyes.

Brit when Marion Duffy, comely
winner of the title of Campus Queen
last year, places the jeweled crown
upon the head of the 1942 Campus
Queen tomorrow evening, you can
be assured that the winner will not
be just a pretty girl without person-
ality, charm, and leadership. Beauty

Soup’s On.I Ready Wolves.a
«The Wolverines Are!

"He’s mine”—“No, he's mine!”
And another redskin bit the
dust! Don't be alarmed—it’s
only exchange dinner!

Kappa Delta, Psi Gamma,
Kappa Delta Rho, and Sigma
Lambda Sigtnti have already
interchanged. Pierce Hall and
Stiyles have planned and started
.i series of dinners. Men (that
is what the little book said)
are traded for Women to enjoy
("I it Inctil.

At Pierce, the wolves who
signed up to come, are greeted
by smiling faces and a barrage
of "gimme him‘s." After dinner,
last week, the lucky twenty-
six females entertained by
Strylcs, were escorted through—
out Ihc men’s dorm. (Special to
the their who come to Pierce, do
not expect the same. Conven-
tion just. won’t take it.) This
week there will be an open
house at Pierce.

Newman, SCA Plan
Traditional Fall Outing

ljoth Newman Clttb and Student
Christian Association itt'U planning
to hold their annual fall outings
next week. Newman Club is hav-
ing it lIot dog I'otisi. 'l‘hursdtty frotn
- l’. M. to II P. M., iii. Newman
llttll. Cider, doughnuts, turd potato
salad will he served and later there
will be dancing iii the Hull, Lucille
(it-rt: '-’lfI. the general ehujrmtur,
has stated that it will cost thirty—
fivc cents per person. Everyone is
welcome and anyone expecting to
attend must sign up on the Newman
(‘htb bulletin board.

'l‘ltc SCA ottlittg will he held
Wednesday iii the dorm field at
0 P. M. After tltc hot dog roast,
there will be It social hour in the
lngh- room of Pierce lltill. Members
of SCA will he charged fiftootr
cents turd noII—tnembci‘s twenty—
fivo cents. llcrh lit'oek '-Ivl, Social
l)lt'et'lot‘, hits chosen the following
eonunitteos: l"t)tIil, Shirley lt‘tuslnttttr,
VIII; Publicity, Eunice litiirtl, 'll;
ehtiirmtiii, Atiiio It‘ritz, '45; and
Shirley Jennings, '-llt; Entertainment,
Mtu‘y Sanderson, "l5; Arrangements
rind Cleanup, Bob Merritt, ehttit'tntin,
l)ti|o Wood, Mtu'shtill Altermtin, and
Walt liloclt, freshmen.

 

 

by Gordon Baskin

 

plus brains will reign and when the
queen is chosen she will be to al-
most every extent the true queen of
the campus. .

Following the precedent of the
last two years, three of the nominees,
Betty Burden, Emily Blasiar, and
Mildred Maitice are on Myskania.
The other two candidates, Shirley
Eastman and Dorothy Cox Irave
been active in many extra class af-
fairs. Vivacious Dorothy Cox has
been expending much vitality as one
of the college cheer leaders. SCA
has had the good fortune to secure
Shirley Eastman for work on nu-
merous of its committees.

The ﬁrst Campus Queen sat
upon the throne in 1922, al—
though the idea originated in 1921.
This year’s coronation will mark the
twentieth time State will witness the
crowning of the new queen.

Supporters of each of the five
candidates refused to make predic—
tions, although one chimed in, “If
the results of the last two years are
an indication of the winner, Mildred
Mtttiicc will have the advantage.”
In 1940 and in 194], the Junior Prom
Queens added to their victories by
winning the Campus Queen crown.

’United Nations,

Theme Of Dance

Forum Will Use Funds
To Aid War Effort

Infot'tntdity, gtiyoty, and laugh-
ter, will he the backdrop for the
United Nations" dtittcc scheduled in
the gymnasium for October 30.

A political rally had formerly
been planned at this time, but
since election night was not avail—
able, Forum has invited the three
religious organizations to collabor-
nto on a dance to help raise money
for War Activities Council, Campus
Chest, and other worthwhile organ-
lZiIllOilS.

The themc of the dance will be
constantly kept in View, since re—
freshments will be labelled to
represent the favorite foods of the
various United Nations. As Shirley
thrz, ‘43, confided, “There will be
‘vudkti' iii the barrel instead of
elder". [flags 'of the different
countries will decorate the gymna-
sium.

The purpose of this dance is to
gIVe the students of State College
the opportunity to have ti good
titne while simultaneously assisting
in the war effort.

Music will be furnished by the
“vie,” jubilant voices, and thc
shuffling of shoes. Dancing will last
from 0 P. M., to mid—night.

Herbert l..onckor, VIII, represent—
ing” Forum is General Chairman.
Assisting hiIn trt'c l'lcrbct'l Brock,
VIII, representing S.C.A.; Lucille
Gcrg, '45, of Newman Club; and Sol
Clroonberg, '43, of Hillel Society.

rl‘he cnlir'c college is invited.

la-Irekcr says, "There should be
:i good turn~otrt at the dance in
view of its Worthwhile cause."

POP Elects Officers

Pi ()Inegti Pi, horrornry commer-
cial fraternity, hits elected its exocri—
live council consisting of President,
l‘illt'it Delis, Vice-President, lit-o
l“lll.\', rind 'l‘rctisttt‘cr, Mtii'io lltrrf.
Ahnti Jewell, President of Commerce
Citib, was also voted a member.

The first project for the your will
be it follow-up of eotntnerco gradu-
tttcs of the past twrr years. The first
business meeting will be held Mon—
dtiy.

GOOD FOOD

in o Friendly, Comfortable Af'titosphere

mastitis

Western at Quail

 

Clubs Schedule

Plans for Year

Members of International Relation
Club are planning to assist War
Council in its new program by com-
piling individual research reports.
These compilations will be in the
form Of topics given to each member.
Arthur Cornwall, President, says
they are planning a new system
whereby members will give 15—
minute lectures on the material they
have gathered. In accordance also
with the war program, every Incin—
ber will join the Foreign Policy As—
sociation.

Meetings are regularly held every
2nd and 4th Thursday. For mem-
bers who are not able to attend
regular meetings, luncheon meetings
are held every lst and 3rd Thursday.
The program for the luncheon meet-
ing to be held next Thursday is a
debate on the second front.

Classical Club and Chemistry Club
are both holding their first meetings
next Tuesday. Scientists will hear
Miss Gertrude Diekcn speak on
Plastics and Fabrics. Two movies,
“Facts About Fabrics" and “New
Worlds Through Chemistry" will be
shown. Classical Club is planning
discussion on the value of the clas-
sics in schools.

RAGE .0 fr

Bulger Will Address
Assembly Today

This morning in assembly, Mr.
Paul Bulger of the Student Employ-
ment Bureau will request all State
students who have friends who have
ﬁnished school and have not found
teaching positions to ask them to get
in touch with SEB. The lack of
qualified teachers is so great, that
even married women will be wel-
comed. If a State graduate has
married, and her husband is in the
army, or if she would like to teach
anyhow, she will be urged to contact
Miss Kelly or Mr. Bulger at once.
Men with 4-F or l-B ratings are
asked to notify Mr. Bulger if they
are free, even though they may only
be able to teach for a short time.
Teachers of all subjects are needed.

Placements made during the last
week are: Mildred E. Hallock, ’40,
Science, Port Washington; Kenneth
Ford, graduate student, ’42, Math,
Eldrcd; Lois Krause, '38, Commerce,
Monticello; Caroline Skinner, grad-
uate student, ‘42, English, Hurly-
ville; Ratchell Friezierer, graduate
student, '42, Commerce, Schenectady.

SEB is the Placement Bureau
for State College. Its record for
placing State graduates in teaching
positions is excellent compared with
the records of other College Place-
ment Agencies.

 

 

liot' beauty

.lXttll‘l't‘l. lior \\'.tt‘tlttlt

shades of brege or blue

 

 

\\’tl()l, ttttLI‘litIL'tl \\llll ltttt'.’ rettsttl thrl,

John (3. Myers

DRESS COATS FOR JUNIORS

I‘ .00

Plus fax

luxuriously trimmed with rich dark

the labile Is 10th,”. virgin

in lovely

Sues ‘) to Is

I'otiitg 'l‘inieis .\ltop Second l‘lttltl'

 

 

. . . ..-ﬂ—s.._swn..

 

 

 

