  

i

“1.7.13?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, 1916
by the Close oi 1918

 

Vol. XXVI Friday, May 1, 1942 No. 26
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday oi! the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Office 6-0373: Dorrance, 3-2843; Holstein, ﬁ-L’Sli'i:
Grunwald, 3- .

 

IEPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIINC IV
National Advertising Sen/Ice, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative
420 MADIsON Ave. NEW YORK. N. Y.
Caruso - Bosron - Lol Alelul ' SAR Finance

The News Board

 

EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN —- - - — EDITOR-lN-CHIEI'
WILLIAM R. DORRANCE —- — co-EDlToR-IN-CHIEF
A. HARRY PASBOW - - - MANAGING EDITOR

MADELINE GRUNWALD - - BusINEss MANAGER
HARRIET DEFOREST — - ADVERTIsINo MANAGER
ALLEN SIMMONS — - CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL — —- - — SPORTS EDITOR
FLORA GASPARY — - — AssoclATE EDITOR
MURIEL SCOVELL — — —- ASSOCIATE EDITOR
DAVID SLAVIN — - — - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

ISSUE EDITOR
MURIEL SCOVELL

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must he signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications.
as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its View.

The Budget Before Us

Last Friday the budget assembly missed
the point. Today the Student Association has
another chance.

The campus is divided into two camps over
the budget. One group, apparently the major-
ity, would rather pay an ext ".1 dollar next
September than spend assembly periods argu-
ing over the budget. The more conscientious
members of this group argue that a higher
tax will give the students more, and will in—
crease the reputation of’ the college. More
money means more and larger activities,
more conventions in which State may par—
ticipate, enhance its reputation, and ulti—
matcly put State on the map.

In a period of saving for war, the second
group argues i'O' a lower tax. This would be
made possible by cleaning up the budgets of
various organizations, throwing away trim—
mings such as banquets, conventions, jackets,
and awards. They suggest the elimination of
orgt‘mizations which do not contribute to the
welfare of the college as a whole. The purpose
of the budget hearings was to cut off these
items, to (law up a low budget. All organi-
zations would not coope'ate, all would not
cut. Last Friday’s NEWS marked with
asterisks questionable budget items. The
assembly ignored these items.

Today thc student association may decide
which course of action it wishes to take, in
which camp it will cnlist. It will be easier to
follow the policy of the first group, but if
such action is taken, the diligent, muck-raking
efforts of tho rci'orn'icrs will have been in
vain.

it is a choice which the Student Association
must make with awe and consideration. It is
a choicc which ultimately will be dctcrmincd
by the interest of the individual student. It
must bc made in the interest of the college
and of the Student Association as a whole,
and as such it must not be made indii'l'crcntiy.

For The Future

On December 7, ilizil, thc Unitcd States
\'as unproparmi for war. Today we are light-
ing to free the World from opprcssion and
force. Wc arc lighting for liberty and free-
dom for all lands, races and nations. We are
lighting to prosoer our hcrilagc, our belief
in dcmoc 'acy and tho Amcri 'an way of life.
liut what is ultimately iiioi'c important, We
must light to make for ourscIVcs and our
children, a World in which we may live
together in pcaco.

We must plan carci‘ully for this pcacc. It
is always more dill'icult to create than to
destroy. Strcit, author of Union Now,
Churchill, and itoochclt all look to the future.
There must be more plai'miug, more discus-
sion, more action. It is up to youth, the
leaders of 1960, to begin now to secure a
peace worthy of tho destruction of this war.

STATE COLLEGE NEVIS, FRIDAY, MAY 1, 1942

I'd Rolher be Wrong

5, Bernard Perlrnsn—————

The review of Thursday night’s performance of the Pirates of Penzance
was by no means a preview 'of Friday's performance. The occasional
hesitancy and self-consciousness of the opening night had been completely
dissipated by eight-thirty Friday night. The performance that evening
deserves the rank along side Jack Nordell's Mikado of blessed memory.
The chorus turned in a uniformly excellent piece of work, excelling both
in their singing and pantomime.

The policemen, led by Harley Dingman, surpassed their previous interpre-
tation of Gilbert and Sullivan as done by the Keystone Kops, and com-
pletely undermined the audience’s resistance with their riot-provoking
antics. Dingman was the reel hero of Friday’s show albeit it was a hard
task to steal it away from George Kunz. Harley’s sergeant was done in the
Chaplinesque manner, not at all in the traditional Gilbert and Sullivan
pompous style. Kunz’s major general did Gilbert and Sullivan much credit
and likewise Mr. Kunz. Max Reeves went through his part in highly
commendable fashion making good use of his experience and voice.
Schlesinger was more herself Friday night, and as for Brooks Roberts his
pirate chief was one of the more polished performances of the occasion.
McAllister was even better. The audience had a good time Friday night,
everyone had fun. Even the critic.

War Fronls
by Feigenboum

It is acknowledged that the British and Chinese are unable to hold
Burma against the Japanese who captured Lashio, the southern terminus
of the Burma road. British troops are being evacuated from Burma and
sent into Mandalay. The Chinese supply route over the Burma road is cut.

It is reported that Mussolini is having trouble in Italy. Hitler’s very
pessimistic speech of last week seems to have come as an unexpected blow
to the Italian government. Mussolini called a conference with the opposi-
tion and issued an joint statement saying that anyone not supporting the
regime would suffer. Italy is deﬁnitely a weak spot in the Axis wall. and
something is bound to break there very soon.

President Roosevelt sent his long-awaited anti—inﬂation message to
Congress at noon on Monday, and by nightfall it seemed certain that one
of the hottest debates in years would be touched off by his proposal for a
seven-point program which would place the nation's economy under the
most drastic controls in history. Asking speciﬁc legislation on only two
issues—taxation and farm prices—the President urged Congress to limit
the incomes of individuals to $25,000 a year after taxes, and to cut farm
prices. -

The British have changed their bombing tactics of Germany and German-
held territory. The British Air Command is concentrating on a few points
at one time instead of widely scattered bombing missions. Their attacks
are devastating in their intensity. and this may be the British answer to
insistent Russian demands for a second front against the Germans.

Action on the other fronts was limited mainly to air attacks. American
and Australian ﬂiers plastered Japanese fields and ships on the island of
New Guinea. News of strong American units arriving with full battle
equipment in Australia is an indication that Australia will become the
Japanese second front.

Last week Canada voted in the affirmative for over-seas conscription.
All Canadian party leaders had endorsed the conscription issue. Reports
from Canada indicate that a break with Laval's Vichy France was near.

 

 

 

 

 

The Slolesmon Lellers

 

To the Editor: To the Editor:

Last Friday in assembly, a major-
ity of the student body abolished
the Siolcsmrm. The arguments
were strong against the Statesman,
and the views aired were represen-
tative of most of the student's
opinions. The debate was conclusive
on the negative side. The Slates-
nmn is not representative of either
State literature or humor. If we are
to pay for a college magazine, we
have the right to expect literature
we can be proud to read, humor
that really makes us laugh. Since
the i‘s'lrilosnnln doesn't accomplish
this then no magazine would be
better than an inferior one.

The blame may not be with the
Slnlcsmon staff, but there have
been ample student contributions.
The quality of the student's writing
is high. high enough to publish a
superior magazine, What has the
Hlnlr:.wmn published? Blink! Stuff
we are ashamed to take home.

The Slit/l‘h‘lllilll Board is not sure
it can publish a ImIgazinc next year.
They anticipate contract trouble,
and they expect troublc with adver-
tisers. Can we afford to appro-
priate money for a magazine which
has every possibility of not bcing
published at all?

When thc lt'cho and the Lion
were abolished, the Siolwsnurn made
promises of great things. The prom-
ises haven't been fulfilled. What
exactly has the S/nlcsnum donc for
Statc'.’ \Vc nccd some concrcto ox-
umpics. some evidence of Itchich-
meal before We give them more
money to work with.

An attempt will no doubt be made
to rostorc lhc Hlulr'slntm this morn-
ing. The backers of thc HIdlcsInlm
loci that ihcy j'icidcd far too easily.
(.‘nn thc Hid/mourn In: so valuable if
it is givon up without a real strug-
gic‘.’ Arc thc backers of the Hid/cs-
nmn, favoring it after careful
thought, or for other reasons?
Whatever the result was last week,
we hope that thc backers will act
wisely and not vindictivcly on the
othcr itcms of the budget.

A Conscientious ()hjccior

I‘ve felt that someone should say
a few kind words for the ill-fated
magazine, the Statesman.

The chief offenses of the Sirtlcs-
man were. seemingly, that it wasn't
good literature, and that it didn't
interest enough people.

Poor, poor, Statesman! Unfor-
tunately, State claims no Steinbecks
or Hemingways. But some of us like
to write—as much as ferret out news
stories. or play a fast game of has-
ketball. We hoped to work on a
periodical some day, to contribute
stories . . . foolish people, weren't
we? After all. when a Science 01'
Commerce major tells us in assem-
bly that what we write is no good,
what can we hope for? Of course,
We wouldn’t argue the nebular hy-
pothesis with an inhabitant of
Hustcd. but it is a queer world and
English majors are quecrcr. Some
of us hoped to do great things—we
wanted humor, humor, and more
i1umor—~bcing wacks ourselves.

And then, oh I wccp to say it, we
didn‘t have cnough people intcr—
cstcd! Chess, debate, the Nsws cn—
listcd the active participation of the
entire student body, of course, and.
of course. there's not a girl who isn’t
in W.A.A.~ju'st take a second look
at me, kidi However. with tremend-
ous logic. this argument of too small
participation was used.

And now. to gct It hit serious, why
can't Wc have a democracy? Just
bccausc some students don’t likc to
road (or perhaps can't'N must We
who are intcrt-stcd in literary pur-
suits bc “vllcly trcatcd"? Just be—
causc we don't have muscles or a
nose for IlifW‘i, do wc have to lan-
guish unable to cxpl'css our talents?
Shall we Dc i'ruslrutcd'l

Plcusc. oh Ncw:<, and student body,
out our hudgct, change our policies,
trample on us, rcvilc us, but let us
Imi’ortunutcs have at least our
llll'l’lll/ iittlc magazine.

[So good sports. and Inelicvci's in
(icinocracy, hull?
(.‘onscicniious

By Her Lenelcer

Traditionally, babies of wealthy families are born
with silver spoons in their mouths. Due to proﬁt-
limiting legislation, Sir Stork regrets to announce
that henceforth the spoons will be of a more common
metal, silver-plated. . . .

If you think there's a war going on in Europe, you
should have been to Wednesday afternoon’s budget
hearing. . . . Prexy Key of WAA (backed by other
sports enthusiasts) was ably defending the merits of
certain parts of the budget. After a spirited discussion.
the contestants arrived at a perfect misunderstanding.

John Bakay, heir apparent to Bakay’s Bakery on
North Lake Avenue. now graces the mem hall of the
134th Medical Regiment (Company C) at Fort Bragg,
North Carolina.

Bakay, Zillcs & Merriam

Having served his term as a member of the class of
’41‘/_-, our hero, who was always in the dough, gradu-
ated into the armed forces. Commenting on the
change from civilian to army life, John writes that
it’s “sorta like Hell—Week in prospect before you know
the ropes. but we’re settling down in great shape.”

Another “Stator” to obey the gentle but ﬁrm beckon-
ing of our Uncle Samuel is Luke Zilles, who is being
inducted tomorrow. A member of the class of ‘43, Luke
has been the guest-of-honor at several functions
thrown by weii~wishers during the past weeks.

“Cubby” Merriam, '41. enlisted in V-5 while at State,
and upon graduation was sent to a branch of North-
western University at Chicago, where he learned what
is being done. and what is being frowned on. by all
good officers in the United States Naval Reserve.

Successfully completing his training, Ensign Mer—
riam was transferred to the Naval Academy at Annap—
olis, where he is now studying the more technical
phases of navy communication.

All enthused about the Navy, Cubby writes that
“state men couldn’t find a better branch of the service
to enter." He adds the challenging, if not discom-
forting words, “When you get that sheepskin. how
about it??"

The Ensign’s only complaint is that the NEWS has
not kept up with his travels, so that copies are not
reaching his present address—«202 King George St.
“The only people who read it (The ansl now are a
bunch of Midshipmen in Chicago. and I'm sure they
haven’t half the interest in State that I have."

ADDED WITTICISMS—Clcvcrcst remark of the
week floating around Statc—-—”It's like a parachute
trooper, good to the last drop. . . . ”

War Stamps—$100 in Seven Days

If Barton. whose Mumaw should have told him.
were caper-ing around our halls Wednesday near the
War Stamp table, he would have immediately donncd
his Victory attire and bounded nl’ over in sheer glee.

 

 

This exhibition (which would cause most of us to
blush furiously at our own inadequacies) would now
been prompted by the fact that the Stamp sale.
started seven school days previously, had already
reached the $100 mark—and was climbing steadily.

Further impetus to the splendid cooperation of the
student body will be given by Kappa Beta’s spring
formal, where every lady in attendance will rcccivc
$1.50 worth of war stamps. . . . And these slumps will
be purchased at the table startch by Trccl- Ancy
Queen of the Publications office.

So. in the absence of Bart. we of the more unam-
thetic branch of homo sapicns. congratulate Anny and
her co-workcrs Hannclorc Schocn. Ruth Yutzlcr. Rita
Daly, Janet Baxter. Dodie Aungst, Kay Doran. Betty
Gravelie and Mary Betty Stonch girls who nrr do—
l’ng lhcir' bi! Io r'nl sllol'l lhc mirror of (,lr'l'nmnp'n
lmlchcr boy. . . .

The Weekly Bulletin

 

Hm: also lnI'iII-II lo apply for I‘ll“
, , lllll' \\ 'I
Anion.- Inlt-I'l-sil-II In lndus ' "I ‘
lrlnl “'UI'I\ on :I I'lll'lll for llu- ‘. . , .
I .oI I.\I. .\I.lu\ ).
summer llll||lli‘l‘ :lI lln- Mu I I \H
IlI'ilI l'IIanoyInonI Ilurouu \Izlj I Nl‘.\ i'llill'llx i.ul|il‘.’"
Hillary is sl.\ly ilullni‘~ [II'I‘ iiilll I'.\I_
“WHIII “I‘ll “H'l”'““”“'"'- \I.‘i\ l NI‘H'illllil l‘lul» \llilll
pm” 0' "mm... mike Ilnnqucl. IlaI'lll-I'Ik. I;
IllrI-clul'. HI'iII I ' l'
I \iij l Iliii‘l‘slri'ni‘lll llnll
SENIORS .\Ilrani:I l'iIll», Ill I' \l
Seniors iII'i‘ rI-qII-wII-ll Io \|;|.\ '_‘ Hoi'nl'll) Loni-loom
pay [lll‘ll' bill I'HI' ll'ill'llllIL' ii “I” 'I \-”‘.”l.i|\ Hull“.
I‘i'llhl'x In Marl-ow Ill-yo, “Hm: N -'_\| ,
II'l-llrlil'l'l' oi' Illi' l-l-Ilcgu- ,\'l~.\l I  , ,
\\'I-l-It llIl-l'l- \\'lll ln- :1 Illllll' lit ‘1‘” ‘l I‘lll‘ I""“"‘ “mm”
“Full”. “"11 th.“ “I,”th Inilli‘ll'l‘ illl‘\l“~ |u-.I\>- llIIlIu
will lu' ('lllIl’l'Il'lI l'or diplomas “' I“ “"""
illlll .llIlIUllllI‘l‘llIl‘lIIn Hal ’3 \vquan l'lnl: lilll'I
Inn. 7 iill I’ \l
|" .‘
H. "I'" \|.I\ ll .llllllui' llanupol. «VII.
l‘il‘.|l will pm! .‘Ill Inlol' |I'i'|.| ll I'll
main.“ Ii I't'l'l'l\'l‘r'i l'lllll'l'l'illlli! \I ~ .. - l
. -l\ .'.l‘t -:-I.-
sIInIIIII-I' \I'url. rill Ilil' lliillr‘llll x“, |:.I\ “In” mnmllih,”
board _'l'lIl- IllII'l-nu |'.|i|IlIi| lw ‘hhllfu ".HIH.,',I.'I Il.,,,l.’ H ,H
I'I'~|illIINIlIll' lor placing will \mlllurmm \ I" If“
Ili'i|l\ [or summer [liralllillis V ' ‘
.lpplll-aliom for rump won ‘1‘” \ “"‘lw “i” l"“““"
M4,”. Jul,“ in “I”. Sm”, llllIIII‘. Null» Hall. H I‘ \l
ramps .‘lilII l'oI' I‘IiiIx-II Slain->- \|.I\ 1| \lli\lll‘,.'. I p |i.I_\ l‘\II'
I"l|i|llll.\llil‘lil Sl-rlim- muons:- low». l‘.|).'l- Ii.ill .lIIIIlIlrl‘
lIIi' Jul» may iiI' sl-l‘lll'ml .‘ll llllli. ll Jill \\
llll' i'll‘ill Ilvh‘ll H.“ g, \IHHHL, .h 1,.” 5M“
, l‘. -v . , -' 1'
human \Hliili ,.'\‘,' "'l' "“'”‘""'“" ‘
" n- ‘. -. .
Illmlilillh hliiilllliilllilh and “M “ “Hm”; I I. “I” Sm“.

iunlors desirous of NIH Ilun- . w .
“'III'Il during llu- souinuvr and filth" "1 “HWY “"1" i ‘m
for Ill'.\i hl'llil'hll‘l' arc llIl‘llI-d " '
lo snlmlil appllvalluns \I'IIII “"3 3‘ “"‘m'r’l" 1"“
.\. vIllllii (Iollllno, i'IIlI'l' ui' “MW” PM" “‘1” I'll” I"
Hillii' of Mir l'nlul'l- 'l'llI-IIII'I'. 1' \L

i'rospI-rlivr- m‘liitll‘h‘ Willi Haj Ill Sails-n Ilali panic.
short days iII'Al sI-Im-sll-r arc Indian Ladder.

 

“v W‘ same-“aw...” Heb-54 r

In the skies over America the mightiest air
ﬂeet in the history of the world is mobilizing
for victory!

So last is it growing that there is a place
here—an urgent need here — for every col-
lege man in America who can qualify for
Ofﬁcer’s Training.

The U. S. Army Air Forces need Flying
Ofﬁcers and Ground Crcw Ofﬁcers. And many
of them must come from the ranks of today’s
college students — men who make their plans
now for the necessary Aviation Cadet training.

Thanks to a newly created Air Force Rc-
serve plan, men of all classes —— aged 18 to 26,
inclusive—can enlist for immediate service
or continue the scholastic work required for
graduation before being called to active duty.

You must meet the requirements for phys-
ical ﬁtness, of course. In addition, you take a
new simpliﬁed test to determine your ability
to grasp the training. A college man should
pass it easily.

$75 A MONTH DURING TRAINING

Those accepted who wish immediate duty will
go into training as rapidly as facilities permit.
As an Aviation Cadet, you are paid $75 a
month, with subsistence, quarters, medical
care, uniforms, equipment, traveling expenses.
In 8 months you can win an ofﬁcer’s com-
mission as a boIIIlmrdicr, navigator or pilot —
and be well started on your way to serve
America and advance yourself in aviatio. ..

MANY BRANCHES OF SERVICE

There are also connnissions awarded in

ground crcw service. College Incn particularly

  

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MAY1,194!

 

 

 

THREE ENLISTMENT PLANS
Hill illiLLEiiE MEN

Juniors—Sophomores—Freshmen
Moy Continue Their Education

I. A new plan allows Juniors, Sophomores
and Freshmen, aged 18 to 26, inclusive,
to enlist in the Air Force Enlisted Re-
serve and continue their schooling, pr?-
vidcd they maintain satisfactory scholnsnc
standings.

All College Men Moy Enlist
for Immediate Service

2. All college students may enlist as pri-
vates in the Army Air Forces (unassigned)
and serve there until their turns come for
Aviation Cadet training.

3. All college students may enlist in the
Air Force Enlisted Reserve and waituntIl
they are ordered to report for AVIntIon
Cadet training.

Upon graduation or withdrawal from
college, men will he (laughed to actlvc duty
at .1 training center as fnCIIItIes become
available.

If the necessity of war demands, the dc-
fcrrcd status in the Army Reserve may be
terminated at any time by the Sccrctary

of War.

The new Army Air Force Enlisted Rorervo Plan
is part of an over-all Army Enllsled Reserve
Corps program shortly to be announced. This
program will provide opportunities for college
men to onllsi In other branches of the Army on
a deferred basis and to continue their education
through graduation if a satisfactory standard of
work Is malatnlned. In case of necessity the
Secretary of War shall determine when they may
be called to active duty.

it I: understood that men so enlislod will have
the opportunity of competing for vacancies In
ofﬁcer‘s candidate schools.

This plan has been approved in the ballet that
continuance of education will develop capacities
for leadership. (Reserve enlistment will not
alter regulations regarding established R.O.T.C.
plans.)

 

 

 

 

NOW_FOR COLLEGE MENJI NELN
OFFICERS’ TRAINING PLAN

* New Deferred Service Plan Allows You to Continue Your Education *

will be interested in the requirements for
Armaments, Communications, Engineering,
Meteorology, Photography. If you have engi-
neering experience your chances of getting a

commission are excellent.

This past year about 80% of all Aviation
Cadets were commissioned as Second
Lieutenants—about 67% as ﬂying ofﬁcers.
Those who do not qualify remain in the Air
Forces on an enlistcd'status and have further

opportunities.

As a Second Lieutenant on active duty with
the Army Air Forces, your pay ranges from

$183 to $245 a month.
ACT AT ONCE

If you want to ﬁght for America, this is where

your blows will count.

If you want the best training in the world,
and years of solid achievement in aviation —-—
the great career ﬁeld of the future—this is
where you belong. Your place is here—in

the Army Air Forces.

If you plan to enlist immediately, start get-
ting your ncccssary papers ready for the Avia-
tion Cadet Examining Board when it meets in
your locality. For complete information, see
your Faculty Air Force Advisor. You can
take your mental and physical examinations
the some day you apply. Gct further informa-

EIOII "0W. * * *

NOTE: If you wish to enlist and are under 21, you
Will nccrl your parents’ or guurdiun’s consent. liirlh
certiﬁcates and lhrcc letters of recurri-

f I rncmlatlon will be required of all up-
‘9 [)ll"(llll.1'. Obtain the forms and send
a " them home today — you can then

complete your cnllslmcnl before any

a. ,
6“ T‘w xlvialion Cmch Examining Board.

(Or Apply to Your Local Recruiting and Induction Station)

U 5 ARMY RECRUITING .\N‘.l lNDUCTION STATION
FEDERAL BLDG. ROOM 2’32. ALBANY. N. Y.

AVIATION CADET EXAMINING BOARD
FEDERAL BLDG. ALBANY. N. Y.

followmg cities:

GLENS FALLS OGDENSBURG SYRACUSE

SEE YilllN FACULTY AIR FORCE ADVISIlR Hill FULL lNFilRMATIIiN

other Army Recruiting and Induction Stations are in the

BUFFALO

ELMIFIA ROCHESTER NEW YORK

lollowtna cities:

BINGHAMTON BUFFALO El MIRA
ROCHESTER

SYRACUSE

other Aviation Cadet Examining Boards are located in the
NEW YORK
TICA

 

 
    
     
    
       
        
   
   
      
        
       
           
       
 
       
      
        
      
    
  
     
     
  
   
 
 
  
  
   
    
 
    
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
     
    
   
  
     
    
    
   
    
  
  
    
   
  
  
   
   
    
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
   
     
  
  

 

 

    
   

