A ._<..,......Mn_.»=ue..xm—n.r

 

 

_ . ..... ....l..i-_g.v..e._,.. ,

 

l
i
i
I
i

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1942

War From

 

 

_ _‘ ' by Feig‘enbaum I
Thursday 12 noon—The Japa-
nese have reached the outskirts of
Singapore. and the fall of the city
is a matter of hours. Reports from
London predict; that the Nether-
land Eas Ind 65 will fall r"ltbin
. Rmmb" three weeks after the loss of Singa-
Unch Sam. ml P°’e- ,
Vice-Admirals. Helfrich of the
w Royal Netherlands Navy has re-

placed Admiral Hart of the U. S.
Navy as commander of the United
. Nations naval forces in the Far

Also Give Em,

U. S. troops are in New Zealand

0' 8' DEFEISE and Australia, and have been sent
to the Dutch Islands of Curacao
and Aruba in the Carribean Sea.

The Germans in Libya have
stopped forty-one miles east of
Derna while General Rommel or-
ganizes his supply lines.

STAMPS

 

 

Teachers and Tolerance

Tolerance is an essential characteristic of a well-educated

person, of a good teacher. In these days of growing war
fervor, a wave of bitter intolerance is sweeping across our
nation, a wave which threatens to obliviate all the open-
' mindedness, fairness, and sense of justice which we as a
nation, have endeavored to instill into the members of on-
coming generations.

The United States, melting-pot of all nations, has long

prided itself on its liberality, on its guarantees of freedom
to those of all nations, creeds, and religions. We are not
Italians, Germans, or English: We are Americans. Yet
around us are evidences of destructive thought, destroy the
Germans, blot Japan from the map forever. Such hatred
is directed against members of the Axis nations, and even
against those of Axis descent now living in America.

Such hatred seems essential for the successful termina-

tion of the present war. In order to put forth the most
effective efforts, the people of our nation must be aroused,
must be shaken out of their lethargy, must be infused with
the desire for and the spirit of victory.

If hatred must be generated among the American people,

it must be directed against ideologies, against the govern-
ments with whom we are at war. This hatred must not

 
   

The Weekly Bulletin

February 13~State-Nlagara
basketball game, Page
Hall gym. 7:30 P. M.

February Ill—Dancing after

Commons, 10

N'lr‘

NYA time elrds are due
this’ afternoon :u i P. M.
.‘bis is a "u‘ IlaIe period
from .Tilllll'll" III to Febrn- game,
dry 15. I'. M.
February Ill—Cooper House

vie I» Irty, Cooper House,
\I

lively" .VI. Smith
Studept Inn-«ow of NYA. I
sri. Ion ltl.’ . i P- I 4
Mm Sony,” “>11?le In February 14~’i‘homas More
the Rotunda r“ llraper l-lall ""‘i-‘ii‘v Si- “Villain”?!
' n i

I n. n L I party, 8 P .
1’.0mI“l‘I"yl.m,NI,\,I.I ll,‘(,l’:ll.l,(l1m.; February li—Ncwman Hall

"I m mun“, “mum. for viprarIy, Newman l-Iall,
senior rings. 1 ‘1
(‘OMMUNIIP SERVICE
Mr. lI‘lndla" will conduct
II service of lac lloly Com-
ITIIIIInlon Iat Lti. Andrew's
hpsi'opu (‘barcb at 7 A. pmmmw 1“ __ preshmnn
Me i""”'"”'"' W 1‘5“ WNI' (lIIlIiance Donnell, liooIn
nesday. llrc'Iklust will be on“ 4:30 I MI
served III the parish house l,-,.|,,.",.'W 13_D,.1mto gem]-
following the service. mm‘mwn go. 3:30 [ram
SOCIAL CALENDAR February ill—SPA Religion
li‘obruary Ill «SI‘A (.‘borus, (“omInlssloIn Lounge,
Lounge, ilr‘lil l’, M, 3:30 M.

74a 0% Jan/cum Rachel

with Bub Adams

lo‘ebrnary‘ ill—I'leree Hall
(lpen House for State,
'I

ll . . .
lI‘ebruary l-l~l\'uppa Delta
Rho Vii! party, ll I’. M.

 

 

Dear Mama.

Now I know what a masher is. Last night I danced
with a State boy, but don’t worry mama, the crutches
ﬁt me very well. My average is good, too. I’ve only
fallen three times. Of course, the third time I was
at the top of the library stairs, but oh well . . . . . It
was funny mama, one minute I was at the top of
the stairs, the next minute I was at the bottom of
the stares. Gosh.

The boy I went with is awfully sweet, mama. Did
you ever see an ostrich swallow a watermelon? Neither
did I but I'm sure if an ostrich did swallow a water-
melon his neck would look like Trotsky’s. That’s his
name—Wilmer “Trotsky” Wattle. Honestly, he’s so,
so sweet, mama. He‘s interested in horticulture and
gosh, he said I was the fairest flower of them all. The
only trouble was he said it while we were dancing
and he said it rather loud and I heard somebody
whisper, “Yeh, wall-flower," and Gregory Clinker has
been limping ever since. I didn’t kick him very hard
but gee, he sure did look funny all crumpled-up-like
on the dance floor. Gee, when Trotsky says nice
things his Adam’s apple bobbles so much you’d swear
it would come up and smack ’im in the jaw. The only
trouble with him is he’s kind of serious-like. You never
can tell when he’s kidding. Last night he said some-
thing about my looking well in a shroud an’ then
his Adam’s apple came up and biffed ’im in the jaw

  

be directed against the deluded peoples of these nations who
ﬁght as victims of propaganda, who have been played upon

agahi. Gee. he’s a joker all right.

in the game of power politics. This hatred must necessarily
not be racial, must not be directed against nationalities, as
such, but only against dictatorship, selfishness, and the
spirit of aggression.

If Americans fail, if Americans turn from their essential
characteristics, a spirit of ill-will and resentment will be
generated among the people of those nations whom we
oppose, ill-will and resentment against us, all we represent,
plan or propose. Such can never be the basis for any in-
ternational union or for any plan of equitable peace. If
intolerance and selﬁshness dictate a peace comparable to
the treaty of Versailles, the inevitable result will be another
war and Americans will have lost that for which they are
essentially ﬁghting.

An equitable peace may depend on the future citizens of
America but it is now that the teachers of America face a
difficult situation. As Americans they must necessarily
give “all—out” aid for victory. As individuals they must
strive to establish tolerance, a sense of justice, and open-
mindedness. As teachers of future America they must on-
deavor to unite these two objectives.

Let's Do It Same Morel

We can “keep ’cm rolling,” “Keep 'cm flying,” and even
“keep ’cm mum,” but let’s also “keep ’em laughing!”

Last Wednesday for the second time since the opening
of hosilities, State College invited the men in the service
to attend a college in action. The response on both occasions
was spontaneous, not only on the part of soldiers but of the
student body as well. In the first instance it was a complete
surprise to most students to see an entire section of the
bleechers crowded with the boys in uniform. Many agreed
that it was one of the most hospitable gestures on the part of
this student body and expressed their eager desire to repeat
the invitation.

Wc have often been accused of being more “social minded”
than is becoming to prospective teachers but we can never

emphasize too strongly the necessity of a social atmosphere

in the war time period. it has become fairly evident that
in our anxiety to produce an army “second to none" we
have overlooked the fact that a war is not won solely with
planes, tanks, and thousands of men but with that intangible
element we call morale.

In doing our part to achieve a final victory we as the build-
ers of tomorrow’s democracy must never forget that the man
behind the gun is the man who will keep US living; for de-
feat, which many are inclined to consider remote, would be
worse than death.

State College has the facilities, State College students
have already shown their eagerness to participate 100%, so,
let’s keep it up. “Let’s keep ’cm laughing.”

It was a wonderful T party alright alright (T as in
Toe). If I do say so myself, mama, I was “moy
boneheeto.” It’s funny how much my Spanish sounds
like Japanese. Are you sure I squint only because
I’m nearsighted? Well. as I was saying, it was some
party. I made up my mind to be truly charming so
I hung on his every word while he hung on my every
foot. I used to wonder why I have such a flat A. Not
any more. How can a girl help it with an elongated
icicle treading on her defenseless digits? Gee. what
a zombie! I felt like a lardarm on a hugger (or is it a
lugger) anyway didn't they used to hang corpses to
yardarms. I thought so. He's not a corpse yet but
he’s going to be if his Adam's apple doesn’t stop
smacking him in the kisser. Oh dear. I'm so slangy.
I just know I’ll never make a teacher. Besides, who
ever heard of a teacher with buck teeth? Don't
answer that question!

You know. mama, until today I have always been
puzzled about the men at State. Then it all became
clear to me. Myrtle (you know Madd Murtie, the Eta
Pi, cleared it all up with mathmeatlcs. The ratio
of men to women is three to one so when you invite
a man to a dance, you only get a third of a man. See
momma. (Come around here and you’d see!)

Oh my goodness, there's Magerkurth Malarkey. He’s
a darling. He has the nicest eyes and once in a while
he opens them too. You can see right into his soul—
the heel! Gee, he's cute. He's walking father fast.
Maybe he hasn’t seen me? . . . . . Or maybe he has.

Love. Susie.

PS. I think I'm in love. There's a new boy come
to school and I could have sworn he looked at me.
Oh, mama!

The Critic

It may he only ll few notes of a song, or I1 well-
choson word oi‘ description, or the face of a person
seen from the window of a moving bus. but the mind
picks up impressions which last sometime forever.
’l‘hcy Inuy be trivial, they may not seem important to
anyone else, yet to the observer, they stand out more
clearly than the song, or the poem, or the person as
a whole.

Here are a few such trivlu from tho plays presented
In Page l-lail Auditorium the night before Lincoln’s
Birthday: the graceful motion of Borden‘s hands; the
utter fatigue of Marston‘s expression; the twinkle in
Jackie Shaw's smile: the haunting strains of Vulsc
’I'rislc,‘ Studobukor's feline movements; the horrid
color of the act for Woods” play; the brcezu and brash
of Goldstoin: and tho staccato flow of 'i‘uylor's speech.

The play directed by Iilliull Swarthout was the bet-
ter of the two productions. Unfortunately, ludicrous
mishaps marred the continuity of Janet Woods' trag-
edy. The audience laughed at doors which closed as
if by magic, music which ceased before the radio was
snapped off, and a few more humorous happenings
which detracted immeasurably from the effect Miss
Wood had hoped to create.

Miss Swarthout’s play moved smoothly and swiftly
to its fantastic end. The players were consistent In
their elmructerizatlons. Special note: Mary Stude-
bakor's fey pantomomc and Luke Zille‘s excellent
lighting.

 

 

...V___

By Herb Leneker' -—+

Uncle Sam cordially invites all men between 20 and
ii, to an open house to be held in the near future.
Kindly answer the questions to be asked by his social
secretaries on February 16th. The open house will
feature an extended camping trip. Refreshments
will be served . . .

Jim Chapell’s outﬁt (Camp Grant) presents a, half-
hour, coast-to-coast hookup, weekly. Heard over WABY
Thursdays at 3:30 P. M., it is an all-soldier program
and if you have the time, you’ll be doing yourself a,
favor by tuning in. Last Thursday it featured the
camp band, a couple of singers, and the swing sextet.
Also introduced a new song—“Sarcng.” All in all——
definitely O.K. . . .

While on the subject of music, it seems as if patriot-
ic song pluggers could find a much better number
than “You're a Sap, Mr. Jap," or maybe you haven’t
heard it yet.

   
  

Vermette in Signal Corps

Recently the News received a letter from Leonard
J. Varmette, class of '41, who seemed to miss State
College quite a bit, labelling it as the place where he
spent the best four years of his life. stationed at
Camp Manmouth, Len is in the Signal Corps, al—
though he claims the only signalling he has done so
far is sending an S. O. S. at meals.

His work is with the administration; typing, filing,
sorting mail, etc. For this, he receives not $21, but the
munificent salary of $36 a month, having a 5th class
specialist rating. Len writes that a good State
girl spends that much in stockings, cosmetics, or knick-
knacks in a month, This seems a slight exaggeration
—especially with a State girl. If there is a girl with
that much extra money here, some smart working
boy shouch go steady with her and give up his job . . .

Varmette claims that the work is long and often in-
cludes parts of Sunday. His day begins at 7, ending
anywhere from 8 to 11 in the evening. He asserts that
his branch of the service requires an I. Q. second only
to the Air Corp, which, incidentally, Varmettc is now
attempting to transfer to . . . . .

Praises State, Practice Teachers

Len praises State fluently all through the letter, but
the following will be especially interesting to many,
being read perhaps by the practice teachers with
mingled emotions.

“My four years of State have helped me very much
in the army. I had a chance to teach here but I
turned it down. The teaching set-up here is so sim—
ple and it is almost on a 6th grade level. Any one of
our Milne teachers is better than our teachers here.”

Varmette gets the News every week from a friend
and reads it thoroughly. (Commercial) Like most of
Uncle Sam’s men, he is anxious to hear from his old
friends back in school, and promised faithfully to
answer immediately all letters received.

Here’s wishing Leonard J. the best of luck in his
attempt to transfer to the Air Corp—the aristocracy
of the armed forces. At present he can be reached by
addressing:

Private Leonard J. Varmette
Co. E—5th Signal Training Battalion
Fort Monmouth, New Jersey.

Keep ’Em Smiling

They sounded good at the time. so here they are:

Bob Hope, discussing a gas shortage—“They tried
Pepsi-cola in an army plane . . . Now they call it the
“Burp-19I” . . . . Howard Brubacher in his "Of All
Things" In the New Yorker, “Our Eastern allies do not
quite agree that Hitler is public enemy No. 1. They
arise to nominate a local candldate."~Milton Berle:
“What a mob,-you’d think I was giving away sugar."

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

Established May, 1916
by the Class of 1918
Vol. XXVI lI'I'lduy, ll‘cbl'uury iii. If”: .\'o. I?
Membc Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The uIIIIleI'gI'miuuie newspaper of the New York SIaIe (lol-
lcge ior ’l‘I-achcrs published every Friday of the college
year by Ibe NEWS lioard for Ibo Student Association.

l'hones: ilfI‘ice, 5-0373; lloemnep 3.33.13- 11 II t .1” I— 0‘ -.
urauqua, :I-IInas. ' ' " ‘H ' "‘ l "

Entered as second class mailer Albany, N. Y., [rosin/lice.

 

 

REPRESENTED FD" NATIONAL ADVENTIBING BY
. . . .
National Advcrusmg SerVIce, lac.
College l’ubliI/Jcri RI'III‘vIeIIIoIiI/c
420 MADIBON AVE. NEW YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' uoBIOR ' LOH ANQELEE ' 5AM FRANCISCO

The News Board
EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN * — — -— EDITOll-IN-CIIIEF'
WILLIAM R. DORRANCE ~ ~—
A. HARRY PASSOW — — ~
MADELINE GRUNWALD — —
HARRIET DEFOREST ~ ~ ADVERTIBING MANAGER
ALLEN SIMMONS -- CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL —- — — -— scours EDITOR
FLORA GASPARY - -- - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
MURIEL SCOVELL -— —~ — AasocIATc EDITOR
DAVID SLAVIN — - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

CO-EDITOII lN-CIIIEI’
MANAGING LDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER

All communlealions should be addressed to In
. , . . I. editor and
must be signed. Values will be withheld ubo
I II I A I a for uost.
'i‘llc STAIN (“LLLUIII NIi‘IVS assumes no l‘ltlﬂ'pllllﬂillliiliy
for opinions expressed in its columns or communlcatlmui.
as curb expressions do not necessarily rcilect its view.

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1!, 1942

Air Raid Directions

Editor's Note: The following directions are printed for general

knowledge. They will soon be posted in each room of the college build-
.ings to be read by the occupants in time of emergency. .4 conscious
effort on the part of the reader to familiarize himself with these

    

 
  

directions would help make the plans more efficient.

Dr. Louis Jones, Instructor in English, has just released the directions
that students must follow incase of an air raid.

When the alarm of four long bells,
students will rise from their seats and

repeated at intervals, sounds, the
stand in a file near the door. The

classes on the third floor of each building, which has been designated as
the first room to go down the stairs. will move immediately, followed
.by other classes in their prescribed order.

There must be absolute quiet and no shoving. The instructor in each
classroom is in charge and will go with his students to the safety room.
When the students reach the safety room, they should go to the far end
of the room, leaving as much space as possible for (those behind them.
If feasible, the students would be least in the way and most comfortable
if they could sit on the floor. When in the hallways, a passage must be

left in the middle of the hall.

The all clear signal will be indicated by three short bells. The students
then must return to the classrooms in reverse order, maintaining quiet.

Following are specific directlqu to
follow in ease of air raid.

LIBRARY

All persons will more Io Ibo north
s'lde oi' the reading room (Washington
Arcane side) and file IIII‘IIIIII'II Ilu- per-
lslyle In liraper. They will go down the
stairs jusl inside Ibe door of llrapI-r.
Women will go Inio Ibe women's wash
room, and men will go Inio (he men's
locker room. in those places (he slu-
denls will stay as elme us eonrenleul
to lhc wall away from [be windows.
COMMONS

Sludcnls‘ in Ibo (‘ommoas will file up
the sialrs inIo lII'apI-r. Women will go
into Women‘s wash room and men inlo
the men's locker room unless alarm
comes (luring noontime dancing. III IlIi<
case. they may occupy IllI‘ rooms men-
tloned lllIlIVl‘ or go Io Ibo easI end of

lIasemI-III ball in III-oper.
DRAI'I'IR—TIIIRII l-‘LilllR

lioolns tltll, :IIIIA, :IIId .".(I(I will go
down east side of l‘l'llil‘i' sIairs Io base
Incul. All students in Ilmi file will go
to cast cud of basement ball as far as
entrances Io men‘s locker and Women's
wash rooms. lioonIs :III'J. dot, and :Iui.
will go down west side (If ceaIer stairs
and go down IresI end of busemenl bull.
“'onu-n will culeI' freshmen women's
locker room by llIe door ne.\1 Io jani-
tor’s office and will fill in space be-
tween lhc files of lockers. leaving :IbA
solulely clear both (be space beln'cen
the outside wall and Ibe I'lrsl lil'l' of
lockers. Men from IIIese rooms will go

as far wes'I la the baseIm-nl ball as the
0in to Ibe auto yard. but no farther.
DRAI'IGR—SI'H'ONII II‘LOOR

Second floor llI':IpeI' will follow illl‘
third floor in this order: liooms 201:.
2th), L’III. '..’(l.'l. and '._'(I-': will go down eusl
side of center slalrs Io bascnn-III where
the Inen will go Io Ibe lefI :Illii fill in
behind the men from (be third floor.
'I‘lIe women will walk IIII'eeIIy lIIIIII (be
Illi'lx'cl' l‘IIoIII III illl‘ fool of [he slull‘s.

ltooms '..’i|ll. :os. '.'lo, you. and ‘Jo'l
will go down IIIe, \resl side of center
stairs and proceed Io far end of lmll
next. to nIen from third floor. lloom
2ll, will go down the West stairs Io (be
IIIIseIIII-ni. lllllI occupy the space along

wall near I'ulIllI'IIllons (II’I'b-e.
DRAI'IIIR—II'IRH’I‘ FLOOR

liooms lob, Iuti, IoI, loo, I‘I‘cslilcui'
.illlil 'I‘l'cusui'cr's office. in this order
will occupy the l'lrsl I'Ioor hulls beIween
Rooms llll, lilil :IuII l’resldcnl's office.
Rooms lil'l, lilil, llcun of Women‘s lieg-

is'lrur's and llcun‘s offices. will occupy
first floor hulls belween Ibe lied I‘ross
and Registrar's office and the door Io
lIusII-Il. lioom ill will follow 3|] Io
buscmenI by wesl stairs, occupying
space on \\'asllington .\\'enIIe sIdeI oi
the bail. l’eoplc in (‘o-op and l‘IIblIc:I<
tions (li'l'lcc will step Inio the ball and
close door behind llIem. People, in luck
or i‘oolus' will slay where they urc.
IlllS’l‘Iu‘l)

’i‘op floor files down slalrs Io basin
Inenl. ltooms on soIIIII side (\Vcstcrn
Arcnucl going firs-I. (hose on (be hall
follow. ’l‘llcsc occupy IIII' :II'I-u III ilil.~'("
iucnt near I‘uI'I-II-ria. l-‘lrsl I'iooI' fol
Iowa the second, rooms on south ~lIle
going first and others following. 'l‘hese
occupy space near IIIc .\lIII('\

PAGE I

Auditorium l'nless IIIIdiIor‘Ium Is

crowded, people should more back in
quci order In space, bcneulh balcony.
lI' room is fully occupied, people should
slay in their seats.

Gymnasium: l‘ulcss there Is ll large
crowd. people should more under the
balcony in [he south end of the gym-
naalum.
lilt'll.\RIlSl)N

Ill'l‘illh'l‘ of [be consII'ucIlon of Rich-
:Irdson |l:Ill. llII-sc inslI'ucIions must be
followed wiIlI extreme care.

III going down Ibe slalrs. only one
cluss will no III ;I lime. .\l| Women will
go down the stairs on IlIe lcl'l~|mnIl
~iIle oi Ibo slab-way. while men will
nu- Ibe right hand side. in the base-
lIlI‘lll. (be men will llll'll In the right
and go into illl' Lounge. The \\'(llll(‘ll
\\'lli lllI'II Io Ibo 1ch and go law the
\Illlll‘ IIlI‘IlI'l‘ l‘oIIIlI. Iiil'ls‘ i'l'IIlIl lIII' iIlII‘II
floor will go :Is for as possible into
(be locker room. and girls from the
\I-I'IIIIII floor will occupy Ibo remain-

lug spucc.
The following is llll‘ order for go-
ing down IlIe siairs:
I)I€.\I'I'll{
'I‘iIlI'd floor (ill this order)

l-lIIsI side of sIuIrs Wesl side of s'inirs
i, Iltll III lllli.’
2 III” .\ (\'oI'kI same Still
1:. 2:00 lime llilﬁ

Second floor

nus-I side West side
"till

 

  
 

— Summer Session

(Continued from page 1, column 5)
be compiled, allowing the student a
two-hour course failure.

Next week after consultation with
parents, faculty advisers, and the
dean, the freshmen will make the
decision. If an appreciable number
wish to undertake the new program,
a choice of either of two schedules
must be made—an eight—week sum-
mer program of six school days, or a
ten-week program of five school
days. Either one will provide the ten
credit hours needed.

Although Dr. Nelson voiced no
definite condemnation of the plan,
he did present definite argument of
opposition which he suggested for
consideration before the students
take any hasty action. His primary
objection was that of practicability
of economics. The additional fi-
nances needed for the summer term,
which would, according to an es-
timate made by the dean. amount to
$125, is too great a burden for the
families of most of State’s students.
Furthermore, numerous students
employ the summer vacation as per-
iods in which they may accumulate
sufficient money for the subsequent
college year.

A second suggestion offered by the
dean, which is not tangible but must
definitely be considered, is the
enormous nervous strain that would
be bnposed upon the student. “Con-
trary to general opinion, this busi-
ness of going to college takes effort."

 

 
  

War Offers Opportumty
To State’s Talented Artiste

Here is exclusive news for the
artists of State College! Signs
and posters are needed to pub-
licize the activities of various
organizations not only of the
College but also outside agen-
cies for defense purposes. If you
ardent artists wish to display
your talent, here Is the oppor-
tunity for which you've been
waiting. Work may be done on
signs and posters every Wednes-
day from 3:30 to 5:00 P. M. Fur-
thur information on this sub-
ject can be received from Miss
Ruth Hutchins. Assistant Pro-
fessor of Art.

    

  
 

 

Tryouts For NEWS Staff
To Meet Tuesday Noon

All freshmen interested in trying
out for the editorial staff of the
News are to meet in the Publica-
tions Office Tuesday at 12 noon. At
this time the future procedure for
frosh tryouts will be explained. Fail-
ure to attend will denote lack of
interest. The News aims to give the
cub reporters practical experience
In actual newspaper work.

Sophomores and freshmen who
would like to try out for the adver-
tising staff should contact Harriet
DeF'orest; Allen Simmons may be
seen for work in the circulation
department.

 

'   s

  
 

Tailored as a uniform . .

     

 

I. L'IITI ..
7i. ‘_'(l5l (lilIIlI'j’l 'JllS (.\I‘l)
(., "(II 210
T. Lillil
s. :0: so:
ll. ‘_‘(lI (Walker)
lioom '.'II will use the West slali's'
Ill I'lH'I'I'll)
SIII'IIIIII l"|ImI' i'()|l(l\\‘I'II I)_\' It‘ll‘sl. Ii‘IUiH‘
331 ill. L'III
"' l .\ Ii. L'Ii
I If). II'III
_' iii. LTJ
i 17. iﬁiilllulc)

III.anfordI lH. 15H (ifinuson)
\ Ill. loll

  

:IIII 2o. IIIII (Recovery room]
ll. L'iili ISI'IIIL’IIIIIl 'JI. ll
local 22:. 15‘.) (Health)
ii 2.1“ ( llouglasl
(SIIII'III)
RI(‘II;\IiI).N‘()N
’l‘blrII floor Second floor
1, .‘Il ll. 21!
2. it: (English) 1:! Jo
2‘. III (l'hllllpsl 13.2!
-I ll H.123
I“ ib. L" (Hastings)
Ii, II III, LII
7. :IT (Library) 17. 28

S. ill (Library)
5). Its ISIaIlnmnl
lo. :Iu (.‘Iili'ilIl'llIlli'i

I"il‘n‘l l"lool'

Is, (I (l.:IIIIIl
ill. H (I-‘reuchl
ill, (I il“l'l'lii‘lll

'3 (French and Spanish)
I (l'lilueaiionl
I

'_‘.l, (ib-rmunl (\voman kccp lo
'_’I. -I (Smoking) left of stairs
:3 I Il-Inglisb) - llll'll to right
L'II. I Il'blucalioul women go in
‘_'7 it (NIiIlIIII locker room-’-
:5. it (Flues-roman men to Lounge.)
:1). (Alumni (lfl'lcel

 

’Collegiaie Droop’ Offers
Threat to Careless Women

IACFI -~ Beware of “collegiate
droopi" This new (Ind malignant
epidemic which may lnu-ome a nut-
ionul nIenucc, is strangely [lill'lli'lh
Iltl' to college. women. The symptoms
are curved hacks. rounded shoulders
and II general appearance which,
figuratively speaking. resembles a
question mark.

This revelation was discovered in
an experiment. by 1qu former col-
lege women, who contrasted this
degeneration with the "stylish
swagger” pI'I-releni. in C(ll‘iiﬁ of 10
years ago.

The results were obtained through
a study each year of incoming fresh-
Incn women, and what. is worse :iilttv
of these co—cds had ultimately suc-
coinbcd Io "droopiness."

Contrary to these unfortumitc vic-
tims are those ready. willing, and
able law (only 179;) who manage to
retain the “stylish swagger" of 10
years ago.

Encouraging is the fact. that 41%,
although not as streamlined as they
might be, actually possess good pos-
ture. “Those days are not gone for-
ever."

 

To Prom?

Soc
WlLL MULLER

foi'
Waldorf

Tux — Tails

 

Going Formal

APRON DRESS

For those important dates, you'll want this

.lunior Shop

Second Floor

John G.

 

 

scarlet,

or beige. Sizes
9 to 15   

 

black frock with colorful jersey apron-front
in whirl-away colors of pink, blue
or gold. Sizes 0—15. ..................................... ..

Myers



After conducting panel discus-
sions in both Sophomore and Junior,
Education 10 classes, the SE8 com-
mittee, under the chairmanship of
June Haushalter, ’42, will initiate a '
program to acquaint the seniors
with the Student Employment
Bureau.

There will be a panel discussion
in the near future in which princi-
pals from the various schools will
participate in order to explain the
qualities a principal seeks in hiring
inexperienced teachers.

As an additional program a sec-
ond meeting of the seniors correct
procedures in applying for a job will
be discussed. Two committees will
be organized among the seniors to
plan this program. The first com-
mittee will investigate teaching re-
quirements such as personal ap-
pearance, ethics, and conduct in in-
terviews. The other committees will
study the correct writing of letters
of application. Students interested
in Working on these committees are
asked to sign up in the SEB office
today or during the coming week.

All Seniors who have registered
with the SEB must hand in a sched-
ule card with their classroom num-
bers in addition to a record of when
they will have free periods.

‘

Saddle Stitching

. snappy and smart

. . . yet dressy enough for your best Valentine
date. A ‘natural’ for your spring starter i In
navy

 

 

 

 

