 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, I9l6
by the Class of l9l8
No.12

«ow:
Vol. XXVII
Member
Associated Collegiate Press
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association,
Phones: Ofﬁce, 5-9373: Slavin, 2-9726; Burrows, 2-2752

Friday, December 11, 1942
Distributor
Collegiate Digest

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV

NationalAdvertisingSemce,Inc.
College Publisher: Rapnrenlaﬂw

42° MADISON AVE. NEW YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO - BOSTON - L95 ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO

 

The News Board

DAVID SLAVIN - - —
FLORA M‘ GASPARY } - - CO-MANAGING EDITORS
R. MURIEL SCOVELL

CAROLYN BURROWS - -
BEVERLY FALATSKY -
KATHERINE COUSINS - CIRCULATION MANAGER
PETER MARCHETTA - - - SPORTS :oiron
JANET BAXTER - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BERNARD SKOLSKY - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BETTY STENGEL - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER

ISSUE EDITOR BERNARD SKOLSKY

ami'éls‘k. a
u...

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
view.

Rigor Mortis Sets In

Rushing is over. With the pledging 'I'ucsIlIiy
evening of ninety-one freshmen women. and with
the pledging a wcck ago of forty-six I‘I‘cslnncn
iherc ended tor the year Iii-[2 Ihosc IIIIIII‘I'cnIcs
whiIh were the Iiiing nianilcstations III the l)lll‘-
winian Ilicoi') III the "snnival III the fittest."
'lhus ended lIIr this year those lli'ill'l-III'Ilt'til'l
talks, those slittikt'l's IiI wliiIh no one did IIIth
\liltikllig, and llIIIsi.‘ I-Iu'l) Iirisiiigs lor the ex-
pressed lilll’litht' of scIIII'iIIg' the table in the
(Iiililliliills.

'llius eIIdI-Il out: pliIIsc. and III many people
we are sure. It liltisl important phase of the (ol—
legc year; important. )L‘s, III the I37 freshmen
who were pledged inio Ihosc soticiics, and ctcn
more important III those inpcI‘IIIissnicn who
devoted st) InuIlI time and energy to insure the
perpetuation III those ideals wIIIIh they bclic\c
[Ili‘il' IIiinni/Iilions III [)t'lstilill).

.\I this poinI the ll‘(.‘\llllii,‘|l might well ask III
their brothers and sister», now what? \\'c'\c
shown IIIIII we like you and want III be youi
friends and bclicic in those ideals lIII whith we
think your oi'gzuii/Iuions stand. \\'llill IIII we do
now? .\nd what will Illiht‘ liliillli'l's and sisters,
llltist‘ IIppI-I'Ilassincn, answer? \\'ill the result»
III what they say Iiiilsi' the Mention of IIinicx,
llll‘ alill'dll of llIlIili'iilllii‘. and the slil)IlII'l\iIIIl of
all InIli\IdIIIi|iI\ Iiniong Ilicii new mcIan-Is?
.\I-Ithci you um I Lnott IlIc llll~I\\’l‘l to this (pics
lion, and n is IIIII IIIII plIiIc Io attempt to
ptIIplII‘s} IIIII'.

llil‘ pnipmc III lllls IIIIIimn is lIi'llllt‘l Io (Illl'x-
Iion the onh of Ilic annuities and liIIII'iiIiIII'»
not In IpiI‘xlion IlIIII \\'Iliill llII‘I IlIiIillijilhll loi
inIIloanI'Illy il ix IiIitI'IniIic» IIIid \Iiltilllli'w Ih.II
gitc IIIIIIi III Int} Iollegc IIIiIIpIIs IIIIII IIIIIIslIIIIn
It Illl‘li'\\ \llllll'lll body into .I IIIIan-Iiti\c. IIII'iI

fllll‘.

lIIIttI \l i, Ill IlII-ni III-\IIIiI-I l'iii III the meta
III illllllxiw IIoIn II high \Ihool \lllili'lll III II tollcgc
uIIIII III tIIIt plat IIn iInIIIIIIIIIiI pot and Ii \llll
gIInIIi pail III lhc I hangc liom .I itIlll‘gt' \llilll'lll

min .I II‘.iilll‘l. .iIIIl llIlIlIl III \Iilllll,

Up One Pair of Stairs

l'llilii lllt' l'.tlll|il ol llit‘ NIIIII (.IIIIIgI ,\I \\\ III
llil' sllltlt III hodt III lliI‘ (. IllI-gI' giI I tings

I.I‘I II III‘ lil'il'li\ LIIIIIIII lil’IiIt‘llillll .IIIII IIIi .Ill
Illlil' IIiIII Illt‘ li'lilt “IIIIIIII ‘ IlIII » IIII lIIIIgII it‘ltl
Iili'lt'l\ III "the alillilllil‘ll III! III Itiilk, obtained
IIIIIII tIl'.|llI oi milk llxli.lllt by thinning." III
II III' Illsli known that II "IIIIIII-I" it'li'i‘I .‘leo II
Iin) lli'lﬁlill. inIliiiIlIIIil III SIIIII' (.ollcgc allilll'lll
who in an) lilililiit‘l "iniLI-s oi lliillxl», by liihll
big with llll' lil‘liil III hoin»; licnII- (Ili\i'3 head
first" any IigIIII-tic on any llooi of any building
IIII Ilic (Jollcgc picmiscs.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1942

War Fronts by Feigenbaum

Advance of Allies Dependent
On Suppliesgjfrom Britain, USA

British and American troops in
North Africa are encountering des-
perate German resistance. General
Anderson in command of the British
151. Army must now wait for more
supplies before he can open his final
push on Tunis and Bizerte. French
Colonial Africa can supply our
troops with hardly enough food and
munitions, and every bit of food,
shells, and fuel must be carried
from Britain or the USA to our
forces.

A heavy concentration of Axis
submarines is probably now lying
in wait for shipping headed for
Africa. Transports and warships
which sailed into Casablanca on the
Atlantic coast were intercepted by
what is believed to have been a ﬂeet
of at least fifty Nazi submarines.
The majority of these are still at
large ready to sink supply ships
destined for either Casablanca or
Gibraltar. The Italian fleet which
has kept close to its bases since
early in the war may try one last
suicidal attempt to challenge British
control of the Mediterranean.

General B. L. Montgomery has
stopped at Benghazi to repair the
docks. The rapid British advance
across the desert of North Africa
has dangerously extended its stip-

ply lines. By using Benghazi as a
base of supplies, Montgomery would
be able to eliminate 150 miles from
his line of supplies.

Rommel is feverishly building
fortiﬁcations at El Agheila in an-
ticipation of a ﬁnal British offen—
sive to drive the Germans out of
Libya. The repairing of the docks
at Benghazi should take the British
approximately three weeks, and not
till then will Montgomery feel strong
enough to attack El Agheila.

The Russians report that the
Germans are using mail planes,
trainers, and commercial planes to
rush badly needed supplies to their
front-line troops. Hitler has un—
doubtedly depleted his air forces
in Russia in order to reinforce his
North African garrisons.

The Red Army is continuing its
offensive around Stalingrad and
haev. Hitler is reported to have
exhorted his troops to hold all
along the line, but despite obvious
German attempts to improve the
condition of their army in Russia
during the winter, the Nazi forces
are ill-clad and suffering horribly
from the extreme cold.

General MacArthur reported that
artillery and shells are being flown
to the Americans around Buna.

 

Accent On Grease Point

by Ellcn Swartoui

Although each character had his
good moments, the presentation of
Tuesday night's plays tended deliri-
itely toward outstanding individual
performances. Probably the best
portiayal of the evening was given
by Mary Studcbakci', as the bour—
geois social climber in Ha! Ash—
wcrth's play. Hci‘ well-projected
comedy voice and II unique charac-
ter walk blcndcd III produce the
ridiculous charactcr intended, Jim
lVIchclcy again demonstrated his
versatility when he appeared in the
unexpected role of a docile. hcn-
peel-zed husband quite in contrast to
the dominating, vigorous Cl’lill'thiCl'l-
zation of "Life" a few weeks before.
Credit goes to the make—up artist
who fashioncd Mr. Mchclcy's coil—
furc and who so successfully built
up the middle—age Iinc around that
gentleman's waist.

It should be recognized, in criti-
cism, that three of the actors in the
negro tragedy, directed by Rod
li'rascr, were Iichomci's to the
State College stage. Added to their

inexperience was the difficulty of
dialect and, unfortunately. mullch
dialogue resulted. Lack of unity
among the characters may be at—
tributed to excessive concentration
of the director upon individuals and
not enough attention to the scene as
a whole.

Mr. Fraser, however, set his
sccnc effectively and succeeded in
highlighting the focal point of ac-
tion, Mommy's death-lch. Perhaps
the basic weakness of this play lay
in the failurc of "Dreamy" to crcIItc
a convincing elnu‘actcr. Mr. ch—
stcin's short, mechanical movements
failed to dcvclop tcnscncss of thc
final scene but rather rendered it
farcical A word of praise to Elainc
Drooz in her case of portraying
"Drcaniy's" girl friend.

The plays were well worth at—
icnding and the large audience
should not have been disappoinicd
'l'lic Snow—Chapman combination
added to the evening's enjoyment.
The clilci'tiiiiltiit'iil was most Its-
surcdly good.

 

Communications

 

To the Editor:

When the men of the class of Hill
had finally made their choice as to
which fraternity they Wiiill(l join,
the S'I'A'I'I; CULiJ-jili". News acknowl—
edged that fact by a simple listing
of their names according to their
decisions.

’I‘llla ycIIi' the main column of the
newspaper was devoted to this
topic. and yet that very column left
much to be explained. When it far-
iIII-I' who rinses corn and it dairy far-
IIII-r niI-ct .II the market place, the
topic of their conversation could not
possibly bc the yield per acre of
their l‘l‘hlii'i'lin‘ crops My point
III rI- I». to provc llinl two (llVi'i'Hl' ob—
jI-cts cannot, in any fairness. bI-
cImpIIred Yet that was exactly
what was done by having pci‘ccnl<
ages the IIIIIiIi point of the fraternity
story, although I admit the story it-
:.clf war. lIIIIiIlchl Well, since it fI'II—
li't'lllly'h percentage was compared
thII it. own percentage of last
yI-zII.

lllIVVt'Vl'l, llli' facts of how the
li‘iili‘l'lllllt‘, lll‘lt‘iiillllt' l.ll|‘ number of
bids llu-t IuvI- out was entirely
overlooked I know loI [1 fact that
one fraternity definitely lllllllh the
number of freshmen that it bIds,
holding the number down to it
minimum by not bidding thora-
frI-shincn who apparently lean to
ward IIIIIIIIII-r fI‘IIch'IIin. And IIII~
(Illii‘i' fraternity bids not only llllihi‘
freshmen whom they feel will )Ulll
their lrIIth'Iiin, but also those fresh--
men they would like to have join
their fraternity, regardless of the.
fraternity preferences which those
freshmen IIppIncIitIy hold at the
lime bids come out This accounts

for the low percentages of some
fraternities and the higher pcrccnt
ages of the others. These facts are
of the utmost importance and
should be taken into consideration
when comparing fraternity percent-
ages.

As the years have gone by, the
writer is of the opinion that the
NI‘.W.\ has slowly but surely let it-
sclf fall into the habit of handling
fraternity news wilh II biased view.
And now that rushing is over, one
may notice that II News "columnist"
took it as his lit’i'nlillill responsibility
to expose dirIy rushing tactics by
the fraternities

And now dial it is Iill over, il
might be well to il‘xli that "column:
isl." "was it \vorlh iI'."' The only
parties cIIiicI-I'Iicil in the matter werc
fully aware of its criistcncc Imd Iii—
li‘l'l'l'iili'l'lllly Council discussed the
mailer. Was it necessary to put still
(III the Ivoiind‘.‘

l"I'Iitci'nilics I'il't‘ II Iicccsstty for
the men of Slulc ('ollI-ge. It is ll'lli‘
IIIIII they do not exert as strong :In
hillucncc as they once did, but un»
til things change radically, li'tlllli
fraternities are needed IIII llll' cani-
pus They provide I'l good place to
live for some sixty-odd men They
pi'ovtdc the nucleus around which
the inIrIi—IIIIII'III program is built.
Willioill thclii, lil'c woultl bc IlIIlI
indeed for the men of State

May I add in conclusion that I
suggest the tillc of Mr. I.cIickci"i-I
column be changed from .. V—
lo Biased lialogna or else than he
stop using what is supposed to be It
soldier's column 7th II bcan shooter
from which to shoot his so—ciilled
barbs of sarcasm.

A Fraternity Man.

by Herb Lcneker

THERE SEEMS TO BE NO QUESTION ABOUT
THE half of this column that is devoted to soldiers—so
we will go on to the other part. . . .

The rest of this column operates on the policy that
the entire student body, not merely a favored few, has
an interest in the news behind the news, and has a
right to know this “inside,” regardless of any group
or clique who may not want the resulting publicity—
for obvious reasons. This is our interpretation of' the
democratic method. . . .

Any presentation of news, or any criticism of cur-
rent activitics reflects only the opinion of the writer
of this column—not of the News Board, or the Editor.
or anyone else. who may or may not agree. We we!-
come all criticism; constructive, destructive, or just
plain griping. . . .

In the future this column will continue to attempt
to interpret impartially cvcnts, favoring no group,—
giving credit where credit is duc,~and mallctiing
without malice anything that seems to come from the
other side of the ledger. , . .

SIVERS & MURPHY AT FIRE

Anyone knowing the address of ROBERT "MOE"
STEVENS please get in touch with this column . . ,
Ensign BILL SIVERS suffered burns about the face,
head and arms, togcther with smoke poisoning and
shock. at the Cocoanut Grove debacle . . . Now resting
more or less comfortably at the Chelsea Naval Hos-
pital, Bostonhwhcrc your letters will reach him . . .
Sailor NICK MURPHY Iiclpcd drag the bodies out of
an exit & later carried them away . . . Tells of scenes
too gruesome to recount . . . For further details ask
any of the College llousc boys. . . .

A cliccring Milne assembly heard Ensign WARREN
DENSMORE explain the "positive" side to war, stating
in effect that "We are struggling for something much
larger than ourselves, much larger than our petty per—
sonal desires III' ambitions. If this is continually kept
in mind, the price of victory cannot be too high." No.
1 student of '38 is at present in Corinth, awaiting
future orders . . . Tl‘IORPE DICVOID 81 MAX REEVES
arrived at Pensacola last chl. for Naval flight training

. . Uncle Sam's Christmas prcscnt to ED l-IOLSTEIN
will be a stripe and II star . . . Ensign—to-bc Ed will
leave Northwestern the 24th. . . .

The unconqucrablc FRED FERRIS has been ad-
vanced to Corporal and leaves shortly for OCS . .
WILL MULLER, looking dashing us ever, dropped in
for the weekend . . . Slated for Naval OCS, will took
his pal 'l'ocpfcr on II reminiscence . . . The army waived
the fourth as \chl as fifth year of training to make
JACK KIIICI‘IER an instructor at Camp Lee, VII. . . .
"Believe it or not, I am now Ii teacher in a one room
school house at $600 II year . . . My main lectures are
on the theory of steam sterilization." Pete POliClNO's
big brother SAN'I'I writes that everything is ()K at
Camp Upton . . "Other State College men now at
Upton III'c GEO. NALINSON, '38, and HERB ENGEL,
'Litl . . . IlEliB was in my platoon during the training
period."

l"ll'lll edition of DV's DIGEST, now in the mails,
contains ii Christnnis message which is square on the
beam . . Especially impressive is the following bit----
"You belong] III the millions of nameless IncII who have
really made America. If they did not write our his—
tory, it Ions their ioorlr il‘lili'fi made the paper on which
it was written possible. . . ."

BoMnAIIo wn.I. IN'I‘IIooueE IN ASSEMBLY
A PROPOSAL whci'cby MAA will build up an oc-
eumulalivc surplus IIchIII-nt fund . . to be used in
emergencies such Its the cases of (icrbcr NI Sniytli . .
This will place no exli'II burden on the exchcqeur of
our Association . . "lligl John" Sussina has signed up
with the rich Uncle and leaves tomorrow . . Guess
who in WAC addressed on official letter to "George
Kunz. l’rcs of HIIS " li'or llicir llll'lii‘lillilliill, George
is already doing his bit in the army and Gene
(lIIIII'ino is this ycui".~t gIIVcl poIIndI-r.

WELCOME HOME, WAC

'l'lic slurs If sorority row will glilII-i‘ brightly in
their exclusivi- III-ItvI-II iII-xl 'I‘hurs. IIiIc. twinkling out
in MI rec cIIdI- llll' IIII-ssIIgI- IIIIII old man llIllllllltll still
pI cks .i mean wIdIop,

'I'lic "Slide l"ill|" proposcd by WAC for llll‘ ill'll'l'~
lllti ‘I It early evening III this same date has been wiscly
poslponcd until I"|‘li. Ii. iIi lil'lll'i‘ lo lilrtlll'l' II Illll‘.
:Illlllt'lll ('Iileli'IIIIIIll .'i cooperation which WAC was
flatly told it would not enjoy illllll‘l' lhI- old .Iri‘IIngc-
llll‘lll

Also, WAI' will lift the veil of secrecy IIIIII, while
intended to shroud the affair \vllli hc aura of mystery,
produced an aura of .I vciy unexpected and different
IiIIlIII‘c.

Now tltul the I'I'lllit‘, children have returned, it is
up III III! III us III gcl behind this thlc l"illl' and
really make It Illli' of llic biggest social cVI-IIII. III cIII»
lI-gI- history The l'iil'lllly-hllllli‘iil comniiIII-c I'Iii' IIII
hard workcrr. of on cxII'cInI-ly IIIIcnII-Il nature, and
will ll'I'lVl‘ lili building unturned in their l'll'til'lh l'lil' II
liilI‘It‘iIIIihlyI successful collcgc I'lllll't'hl. 'l'lic i'csl III-pends
lipIIll lift

The Weekly Bulletin

Hm- I] llill'l'll'iill?I'illl,\' l)l'l‘ ll) SI‘A l’IIgI-Iinl IIIIII
liiill in the ('lIillilIIillh (.IliI‘lFlIIIIIn i‘IiI'ol Hing II!
from it) I‘ M. to ‘J A M the Lounge at ’I,:iti l’ M

l)l'i' 1:! Pierce litili l)IIiin iii-c. lti NIiwniIIII i‘lub
HI‘llil-l"ili'lilill li'om II I‘ (‘IIrol Hllit‘,

M to I A M. licc l’l Sorority ('lll'lhlI-

l)c.I', ll) (tub classes IIII lllll-‘i parties til. the notor—
lilﬁhlillii'vll IIy houses at l) l’. M.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1942

 

WAC Postpones

State Fair Event
Conflict With Sorority
Paiiies Causes Change

War Activities Council had origin—
ally planned for Thursday a State
Fair, an event to unite the students
and the faculty in an extensive
project for raising money. Because
of sorority Christmas parties, term
papers, exams, and pro-Christmas
jobs, this affair has been postponed
until February 6.

Preparations for the Fair will be
begun immediately following Christ-
mas vacation. Prcscnt plans state
that a skit, to be written and enacted
by the faculty, is already underway.
This skit, which is to be a take-off
on the student body, will open the
evening's entertainment.

Group Home Concessions

There will be concessions of each
group-house along the lower hall of
Draper and in the Commons. For~
tune telling. pitching pcnnics, weight
guessing, magicians, freak shows,
and dart games are to be It few of
the attractions.

Both faculty and students will be
in charge of the different booths.
One of the most distinguished pro-
fessors at State has already assumed
the responsibility for selling bal—
loons. In order to emphasize the
theme of a State Fair. Dr Louis
C. Jones of the English department
and Dr. Robert Ricnow of the Social
Studies department will bring one
cow, some chickens, and Ii goal for
the livestock exhibit

Dancing in the Page Hall gym-
nasium will tie up the evening's
fun.

The night of February ii will be
an affair of the entire college and
for the entire college. No admission
is to be charged. Moncv will come
from the paironization of the differ-
ent conccssions. The proceeds will
be used for war activities on the
Campus. All additional moncy will
be contributed to Campus Chcst.

[leading this committee are
Joseph ’l‘assoni, VII}. and Dr Caro—
line Lcsicr, Instructor in Mathe-
matics. Assisting thcm are Patricia
LIItimcr, '-'l>l, Florence (.lIIrfzIIl, '45.
and Sunna Cooper, 11.").

Sororities—
If'oiilinued from pug/e /, I'IIIIIIIIII 1‘)

I'si (I'Iannna: Carolyn Brumm, Nu
lIdie Bullock, Margery Ci'amcr, Iin~
bcl Fear, Veronica l"lillllil, Kathryn
Kendall, Elizabeth LII Faro, Wini
fi'ed Lulkowski, lsIIbcl Malloy, Mar—
ini'cI Polil, Mary PIIIIIilII, ClIIi'Ii Sku-
sinu, Evelyn Wolff.

('lii Sigma 'I‘licta: Itose Beidl,
Janc Grodcn, Priscilla llaycs, Mary
P. l—Icnk, Gloria Mchri'Im, Elizabeth
I. McGI'IIth. l'llixabcth J. McGI'IIih,
Joan Mather, Eileen Moody, Mary
Nolan, Eleanor O'Brien, Eleanor
Smith, Betty Williams, Agnes Young.

Alpha Epsilon I'hi: .Iudilli Gerof—
sky, l'larrict (lrccnbcrg, Sonya Ka—
dish. Selma Krcisbci'g, Lore Kuhn,
Muriel Navy, Blanche Parker, Ar-
line l’olsky, LcIiII Sontz, l"loi'cllt'c
liubin, Andrinu 'l‘IIllIcI', Sylvia 'l'rIIp,
l‘Isthci' UIIII.

(Iaiiinia Kappa Phi: ICII-IIIIIII- An—
llIIIIIy, AlnIII liIirnn, l'lsthcr (,‘IIch—
rIInc, Ilelcn (.‘ohiui, .lI-Ini Ferris.
liosann llIiydI-Ii, Audrey Johnston,
Josephine MIIggio, Susan III/looting,
Anita l’I-Ilisich, Marion l‘l. Phillips.
(II-nevich Stiles. Shirley Wicks,
Alice Young. JI-IIII Zitigalc.

IIciII Zeta: I’I-ggy Casey. Virginia
Cornell. (lcorgcttc Dunn, l’IIl l"l>;l(c,
llol'ih .lI-uks. MIII'inn I\'rIIir/., (Ivor--
gcilc lIIIch-liy. Shirley tipraguc.
(lcrIIIIlinI' Van Allen, It’oscmnry
Wcskc. .lI-.In WIIilIiI-y

Phi Delta: lVlili‘tIlli'l'lll' Anderson.
l’IIiIlinI- i‘lI-vcn. I"IIiIh l"l‘liill(Il|l. Hur—
bIII'II II’I-ill, .lIInI-l (hos. III-Ily lllllllll
l‘lll, ('IIII'II lllll, lI'IIIiI'i'lII IIllllhlill. Al'—
lt-nc Sicpp, Louise HII'ykI-r. NoI'InII
WI-rncr, IVIIII'inrcl Woi‘slcy,

 

PHONE 4—1155!

Cohen's Mens Shop

CLOTHING AND
FURNISHINGS

TUXEDOS FOR RENT

20 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

V-l Open to 77 Year-Olds;
Commons Closed Until Eleven

“There is still a chance
for freshmen and sophomore
men who have not yet reached
their eighteenth birthday to en—
list in the V-l classification of
the Navy Reserve. Enlistments
in all other branches of the
service have been closed includ—
ing the Army Air Corps and the
ERC," explained Dr. Milton G.
Nelson, Dean of the College.

“The increases in gym classes,
prescribed in the physical ﬁtness
program issued by the State
Education Department, has
made it necessary to close the
Commons until eleven A.M.
every day except Friday," also
stated Dr. Nelson.

 

College Approves
Insurance Plan

Accidents which involved two
students participating in inntra—
.nu.ral sports has prompted the
College Administration to approve
an Insurance Plait which will reim-
burse parents for any medical cx-
pcnsc incurred from an injury
to students during the college year.

In a form letter, signed by Dr.
John M Sayles, President III the
College, and sent to the parents of
every student, accident protection
will be afforded to every one at
a minimum rate. A payment of
$5.00 a year for Women and $l0.i)(l
II year for men will enable the
insured to receive benefits up to
SI'iII‘l) for cuch accident.

"The plan is broad in its scope,
with no limitations or restrictions.
it covers all accidents (including
sports) \vhclhcr sustained at college,
at home, or while traveling bc-
Iwccn college and home, or
wherever the student may be.
Every accident, regardless of how,
when, or where it occurs is includ—
ed," explained Dr, Saylcs.

The effect upon the student in-
firinai'y fund has not yet been de-
termincd.

Student Body Urged

To Recirculate Pennies

Because of the shortage today of
certain metals instrumental in
building ships, airplanes, and ma-
chine guns. students throughout the
nation are urged III make every
effort to put into circulation the
smaller coins such as pennies and
iiickcls.

The United States Mint must
replace every penny or five-cent
piece that is not in uscwthose coins
hidden in banks, glass jars, boxes,
or bureau drawers. 'l'he metals
utilized in making these coins, par
Iicularly the penny, are urgently
needed for war purposes.

Last year, 11600 tons of copper
were consumed in making the one-
cent picec alone This amount of
copper could have been used in
building 2 cruiscrs. 2 (.lcslroycrs,
IEIIS flying fortresses, 120 field guns.
and hit! IIowit/I-I's.

liy making It special i'll'til‘l to
spend the small coins or by buy
ing war savings slumps with them
the present "board" will be relieved
The material saved can be given
over directly for lhc making of war
I-Iluipincnt.

 

DIAL. 3-4255

“me lerkay’
FLORIST

7-9 80. PEARL STREET
ALBANY. N. Y.
SEE
PETE MARCHETTA, '43

 

Full Week Slated Survey Shows 53 % of Students

Are Supermen--or Dishonest

For Newmanites

Next week will provide a full
program for Newmanitcs. At its
next two meetings, there will be
discussions of Victory, in. War and
in Peace. This is the same program
which the Catholic Collegiate Con-
gress meeting at Cincinnati at the
end of the month will use.

Last cvening, Lucy Massimilian,
Mae Whiting, Seniors, and William
Tucker, '44, discussed phases of
the above topic. Ai future Inch—
ings, different members will con-
sider other angles. The purpose
of this program is to attempt a
correlation of the Pope's Program
for Peace and Post—war Construc-
tion, and the program outlined by
Roosevelt and Churchill in the At-
lanlic Charter.

President William Tucker offers
a plea to all Catholics to attend the
discussion courses which Father
Cahill. the Spiritual Director of
Newman Club gives every Monday.
Wednesday and Friday afternoons
from 3:45 to 4:45 P. M. These are
held at St. Patrick‘s Institute on
Central Avenue. Monday's dis—
cussion will concern the Catholic
Creed (Hill the SIIcrIIIIIciIIs. The
h’eIIsoIIcIl Bases of the Catholic re—
liI/ioii will be presented chntschiy,
and Friday's meeting will deal with
the history of [he Catholic Church.
Said Tucker. "For any Catholic
student who desires to learn more
about his faith. these courses should
be built interesting and informative "

Also, Newman Club is planning Ii
sing for Wednesday evening. 'l'lic
group will Inch at Newman Hall and
from there will make the rounds.
singing Christmas Carols at each
of the group houses on the campus.
Upon their return to the hall, there
will be I'cfrcslnncnts and dancing
until I! PM. Lucille Gcrg. "ID. is
general chairman and Betty O'Neil,
'~'l(i, will take charge of refreshments.

SCA Plans Pageant,
Tableaux, Carol Singing

Student Christian Association has
scheduled its annual Christmas
Carol Sing and Pageant for ’l'ucs-
day, at 7:150 P. M., in tlic Lounge
This year a litany service will be
part of the program. Vcrnc Mitr-
sluill. 'III, will act as reader.

During the singing of some of
the favorite Christmas hymns, lab-
lcaux depicting some of the l'IImil-
iar Christmas scenes will be enacted.
Various students will take part in
these, Special music by SCA
chorus will supplement the program.

llI'lt'II Elgin, '44, is acting as
general chairman for the affair
III charge of the tableaux are Nim—
cy Wilcox and Geraldine lVlL'l‘lIUIT,
Juniors and Ach-n ('Ii(l(llllgloil. ,‘ID.
I'lclcn MacDonald and Barbara
Smith, Juniors, head the decora-
tions committee.

Miss Elgin urges III! to attend,
saying, "l‘lvci'yoiic likes lo sing llli‘
I.l‘l luvoi‘itcs. Let's

LEVIN’S

(Ii/i (If/(l (.‘I'II Iii/g

 

Sim/I
COSTUME JEWELRY
AND

HALLMARK CARDS

227 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

W. M. WHITNEY 8: CO.

DEPARTMENT STORE
NORTH PEARL STREET.

ALBANY'S SHOPPING CENTER
FOR 83 YEARS

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

As the result of a college-wide
“honesty survey" based on the an-
swers of 10!) random students, the
following report has been issued:

FIFTY—THREE PER CENT OF
THE MEMBERS OF THE STUDENT
BODY ARE EITHER DISHONEST
OR PERSONS OF UNUSUALLY
HIGH ENDURANCE.

A white—bearded psychologist
(whose name we withhold) prepared
the questionnaire, using eleven
questions. only two of which were
significantwto him.

Explained the psychologist, “I
have carefully observed classes at
this institution for several weeks;
I have examined the student pub—
licalion I conducted my test for
truthfulness with those two points
as a basis,"

Evidence of his attendance at va—
rious classes is shown by the signed
testimonial of ten professors who
admitted advising him, "Conic, conic,
Sir! Wake tip; the bell has rung.
You‘ll be late for your ncxi ordeal."
()iie professor added. “He just made
some awfully Ilcinoniacal gesture to
signify thanksgiving, I presume.
Frankly. I was shocked!"

We asked him enthusiastically
about the News editorials. The man
jusi glared, stroked his whiic heard.
and revealed I'l pink tongue. We
lost our enthusiasm l'ltHVCVCl'. we
\vcrc convinced he had made It carc—
I'lll study.

It] answering lhc query, "Do you
read the editorials in the S'i'A'I‘I-J
C'()I.i.l2(ii£ News?" SIT students checked
the “yes” spice, and III said “some-
Iimcs" fillcvcn of those students
who admitted reading the editorials
\vcre l'rcshmcn. "lnnoccncc in ad—
dition in endurance," noted the
psychologist.

by Jane Heath

 

“Amazing,” exclaimed the psy-
chologist when he computed that
four women and one man in the
senior class had never slipped to the
subconscious state during a college
class. Other statistics show seven-
teen Juniors, eight Sophomores, and
twenty-three freshmen also an-
swered “No” to the question.

The psychologist concluded, “Liars!
—--.’I3',’. of "em! But of course,” be
reconsidered, “maybe they are un-
usual! The Commando Course, the
women's gym classes, the extensive
WAA-MAA program—why these
State students may be able to take
anything!"

Then the little white-boarded
man roamed off, muttering, “Wow!”
The questionnaires fell from his
hands and floated to the floor. We
picked them up and compiled the
following:

'l'wenIy-two women kiss their
escorts goodnight on the first date;
thirty-five. on the second. The
men's altitude rcvculs "Yes" on boili
occasion, “or at least you can try!"

()1in seven students keep their
eyes open when they're being kissed
goodnight.

'l'wcnIy-ihi'cc per cent of State
students are cliivali'ous to elderly
women on busscs.

All except seven students do or
would like to go steady, but only
141‘. regard their dates as future
ntaics.

"Oh. yes, double beds" agrcc ill)
students And then there is the
case of two people going steady who
can't agree on the subject.

Errol Flynn's case has It Till-Fill
student jury. ()nc Sophomore
\vI.mnn naively replied, "I don't
know what it's about .'

 

War Role of Students
Discussed by Forum

Last Wednesday, Forum conducted
II Panel Discussion concerning tin.-
I‘iill' III' the college student in War
should one devote his lime chiefly
lo studies, or should every person's
schcdulc include certain War activi-
Iics'.’

Speaking on the Panel were David
HIIIvin and Herbert Lenckcr, Sc-
niors, II'hoIIII liyan, ’-II. and Andrinn
'l'illlll‘l'. 'lfi,

Miss II’yIIn and Miss 'l'ufllci' be-
lieved that students can assume War
responsibilities without endangering
llicir studies.

'I‘III-Iint.I the opposition. Slavin and
IIcnekcr affirmed that students can
engage in War work oil/1] III the ex—
pense of their studies

'l'lic discussion was not meant to
reflect Individual opinions, I-IIlhcr III
present both sides of the question,

Pi Gamma Mu Tutors Students

Pi Gamma Mu, national Social
Studies fraternity, has undertaken
to tutor any Social Studies student
who is doing failing work or who
wishes to obtain further old. This
will include eiilicr background Work
t.l' hpr on current studies,

 

l)inl .l-lZJl —3--l2.l2

John’s Strand
Beauty Salon
Smart Hair Dressing

lh‘ i~i\pcrl llcnutieinns
133 North Pearl Street
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

SEN.” Y
.. .77 _

Dou'I \i.ll'i for hotiic t'luttct‘cd up \\ IIII luggage lii\l phone
l(.\II \\ .ti’ liXl’lIl‘NH and we'll I..ill for your trunks .ind bags,
‘il'Ll\l them to your home, and ‘ill\'L‘ you time and III I-Ilhss
\Iottt (iitcs you more room and IIIIIIIIIII tilt the II'.IIII, too,

it) my nothing of pick-up and Ilclncty III no exIIII IIIIIIgc
\\|lII|Il our regular vchiIlc limits in .ill Hitch .inIl pi'tiuipd

iII\\II~I.

You I.in send "tollct’i", IIIII, \yhcn you use Il;\il,\\.\\' I‘ix-
mush. just phone for information or M'lVltL‘.

RAT LWAY

AU “N L \'

NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE

 

