 
  
  

 

 

 

. L~>~y>~n<:=:s4w museum... .- Mm .

 

 

Start COLLEGENEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21,194:

 

a TRIPLE Paar.

 

 

\OLUNTAIZY
PLAN ran.
PAYROLD
Pumas or

DEFENSE BONDS

 

 

 

    

~a_4‘

 

 

ﬂamingos—k KW”;
Tell it To The Marines

Recently, all newspapers in the country, large and small,
received from the United States Government, Office of
Censorship, a pamphlet entitled “Code of Wartime Practices
for the American Press.” This pamphlet was printed at the
request of many editors who wished “an outline of news-
paper and magazine practices which the Government feels
are desirable for the effective prosecution of the war.” It
is extremely signiﬁcant that this outline was voluntarily
requested by the newspapers for their own use, because
they wished to know how to best serve the interests of the
country in time of war. This is the way in which the
American form of government will meet censorship.

The following are pertinent excerpts relating to subjects
which should be avoided in publications:

Troops—their location, identity, or exact composition,

 

equipment or strength, their destination, routes and sched-

ules, the assembly for embarkation, prospective embarke-
tions, or actual embarkations. Any such information
regarding the troops of friendly nations on American soil.

Weather—all weather forecasts other than those officially
issued by the Weather Bureau.

Photographs and Maps—detailed maps disclosing location
of munitions dumps or other restricted Army and Navy
areas. (This does not apply to general war maps showing
the ebb and flow of battle lines, aerial photos presumably of
non-military signiﬁcance.)

The spreading of rumors in such a way that they will be
accepted as fact should especially be avoided. Perhaps most
of us will never have any of the above information to dis-
seminate, but we can help by education against the dissemi-
nation of (my information, especially what we are not sure
is true. it is all right to tell it to the Marines, but it is not
all right to tell about the Marines.

Clamor Philosophiae

Do you know the Rep/(Mir? Who was St. Augustine?
What is Dr .S'rrIm'Iu/(I? What were Mlnitesquleu’s ideas on
government? Did Will James advocate “pragmatism”? Have
you heard of flame?

if you cannot answer these questions then you know
little about philosophical thought. This is perhaps a vehe-
ment condemnation of you; but one must, neverthless, face
the facts. Philosophy, no one will deny, is an important
phase of our culture. It has played, is playing, and will
play a considerable role in the development of political,
social, and economic thought. Who can estimate the influence
of Aristotle, Rousseau, Hegel, Nietzsche, or li‘reud on west-
ern civilization?

Yet, how many of us can instanteously put our fingers on
the exact theories of the philosophers '.’ it is true that some
of us are vaguely familiar with certain ideas gained, per-
haps, from a study oi’ Latin, French literature, or Education
10. liut is that enough?

As future teachers, we are expected to formulate a phil-
osophy of life and a pholsophy of education. We are expected
to form such a philosophy without any formal introduction
to the rich philosophical heritage which mail has accumulated
through the centuries. (In an iuuierstandlng of this heritage
depends our understamling of present and future happen-
ings Superficial notions may be collected through reading
outside the classroom, but accurate concepts can be gained
only through the guidance of a master

At one time State did have a philosophical master. The
last few years have seen none. A resurrection of the chair
in philosophy would perhaps clear up the confusion In our
minds when we start thinking of a “raison d’etre."

 

War Fronts

V by Forgonboum—
’ Ed. Note: » In a move to supplement the work of this
column the administration has set up a large map r5!
the world. opposite the Publications Office door. Watch
for NEWS Bulletins.

The British have set ﬁre to the city of Rangoon.
The public in London was warned that, with the Japs
only 60 miles from the city, Rangoon will become
another Singapore.

The Japanese have landed on the island of Timor,
300 miles north of Darwin, north Australian naval base.
They also won a foothold on the island of Bali, 1 mile
west of Java. Dutch and American naval units and
aircraft inflicted heavy losses on the Japs.

An unidentified submarine shelled the oil reﬁneries
in the region of Santa Barbara. Only one hit was
scored. Unidentiﬁed planes flew over Los Angeles, but
no bombs were dropped. The only damage was from
falling shrapnel from the anti-aircraft guns.

The Russians have encircled the German 16th Army
in the region of Staraya Russa, 140 miles south of
Leningrad. This is a serious threat against the Ger-
mans encamped before Leningrad.

Violent sandstorms in Libya have stopped all action,
and General MacArthur is still holding on the Bataan
peninsula.

The Dutch have voluntarily destroyed all the oil
wells and reﬁneries In southern Sumatra. The damage
is estimated at half a billion dollars.

 

 

Sighs and Applause

——The Critic

As the ﬁrst performance to be presented in the
blacked out Page Hall auditorium, Betty Barden’s
symbolic fantasy had a moral lesson for Hitler and
his gang, but typed portrayals which would make even
a Sarah Bernhardt a “ham.”

With the theme that those striving relentlessly for
personal gain suffer only dlsslllusionment upon at-
tainment. the play. although obviously well directed,
restricted the talent of the actors.

Two performances, however, compensated for the
frailities of the play. Harold Ashworth was unique
and successful in his characterization of the coarse
buffoon with an insatiable appetite and carrot red
hair, while John Lubey triumphed in his role as a
disillusioned old man. His excellent make-up was
displayed despite the shadow cast on his face through-
out the play. Art Soderlind as the sensuous poet
lacked restraint—"L’amour, toujours, l'amourlng all
over the place.” It is hard to understand why Doris
Lichwart’s obsession was one for more clothes. when
she looked so well In her own.

Bells to Betty Bardcn who made the multl-colored
lights the outstanding feature of the play. The set
was realistic and well clone. and together with light-
ing effects made the stage pictures commendable.

The production directed by Jane Curtis was suc-
cessful in It‘s sole purpose to present an amusing and
romantic story-play. Georgia Hardesty was excellent
as the rebellious Rumanlan girl who runs off with her
gypsy lover. Her scene with Trcce Ancy, who por-
trayed an old nurse. displayed a striking contrast
between age and youth. The climax of the play came
when Gerber swept the heroine off her feet and carried
her away. Heavy sighs and applause rang throughout
the audience.

The Voice of State

,- . .
\OMMUIIILUEIUII:

 

 

 

To the Editor:

In those days of momentous crises why Is It that
the SrA'rn Cotonou Niaws devotes pages to the events of
State and only two inches to “War Fronts." a column
dealing with the significant happenings of more than
contemporary interest?

The S'rA'ru Cousins News Is a comparatively large
school paper, but what Is it doing to keep students
informed and up-lo-date on world happenings? With
a minimum of four pages a week, the Nawn Is jammed
with news of a local nature. We hear about fraternity
and sorority lnltlatlons, what the Math Club discussed
at its latest meeting, and about Blockheads in a
Blackout.

Certainly we want to know what's happening on the
campus. but events of a minor nature and importance
apparently are taking precedence over world events of
utmost significance. "War Fronts" receives only two
or three inches.

More space for F‘elgenbauml

l. Wannano.

 

The Weekly Bulletin

.HIIN'I‘ IIIIHIUA'I‘ION and Hocini Science Is now
Mldl'l'l‘thl opi‘il Io slndonls ul iiilJiIl ll
lir. .lohn .\l. Huyiea, l'res- year. II. In possible for
ldoni of Hlnlo I‘ollogo, will slndenls io secure all the
iIlll'I‘HlllIi“ Ill I‘ll .lli'llllll “Irwin”: ndvnnlnges oI' uu-Iniinrshlp
o In I'le u i s .' c. , , a
branch oi' the anionnl Vo. :ll'l‘[BITMA‘FIFTH, 'l' "‘M’l I";
cullonal Iluidnnco Ass'oclu- ‘1 ‘ " “Km” """"""
ililill and film :illINiilll‘l‘ Illls- “hi”
Ir cl ’ocnI oun um nIiIn- I ,l‘
Irlul Aria Association, which “lﬂlm slut, U1” PM?"
will be held hero iii lilo 'H'm'y “7, 1m" l'lmr'm'
“UHN‘,” U“ Mum”, 7' “MM! Irilllllml, nilliil l'. M.
NIHHIlmr, llr. la “is A. Wit ll‘ebruury 27 Kappa Ilola
mm,” Illupii|iy (PIiIIIHpbpllioner house dunno, II I', M,
of wurnion, w lacuna ,._ , ,, ., . ,
ilIo ioplu "llow Ibo Nchoolu l“'”"“.;“, "x hmlu" “u”
i'nn Help In Nullonui lie m” -“
I'iqnmn,” lip, William ll, Mill'le ii i‘iuli X llll‘l‘iliiﬂ.
llurlloy, Asslalunl l'roi‘esaor Lounge, llooni 20, {Hill
of I'ldnrallon. will speak on I'. M.

"llilllzinn Ibo HI-hool l’l'il~ March I llobulo seminar,
ruIn Ibrouuli Mull" visual llooln so. It! noon
. Ids" and will pl‘osonl illnss ,
lrullvn Iliins mm.“ 1
' M nlh (‘lub Mending,
pnmlruuu. AND NOIIIAII Iiooln 'JII. H l’. Iii.
NIIII‘INI’I‘J ilnrch n l‘onqu-reo I‘luli
Molnlu-l'nhip In lilo Aincrv Moolins. lrIIIIIlK“. 37””
Iran Academy oi‘ l'olilleul l'. M.

(‘Imnilslry and

 

By Hch Lcncimi

If Hitler ever taken Gibraltar, the howl of the
British Lion will be equalled only by the wait a! the
Prudential Life Insurance Company . . . . . .

Just out—an oilcloth-like fabric which you cut in
strips and apply to the edges of chairs, stair steps, etc.
During the blackouts your fabricated furniture is out-
lined in phosphorescent light. Saves wear and tear
on the shins . . . .

While on the subject, State’s group houses should
immediately equip refuge rooms, in order that studying
as well as normal activities may be carried on. Un-
doubtedly it will take a surprise blackout, lasting three
or four hours, to impress this on our apathetic minds. . .

 

Soldiers and Sugar

Bob Agne, pilot of the 1941 SCA. is now located at
732 Lancaster Avenue. Syracuse. Bob works at the
Syracuse Secretarial School in the morning. as Super-
visor of Machines, in order that he may take ground
school work at the University in the afternoons . . .

Len Varmette. featured two weeks ago, is now in the
station hospital at Fort Monmouth, N. J. In a letter
to Mitchell (in which he playfully slams the column-
eering efforts of the diminutive Sports head) Varmette
writes that he is undergoing treatment for a badly
infected eye. resulting from a cold.

Frank Evans, '42. who enlisted in December, writes
from Fort Bragg, N. 0., that all is OK. “Army life is
great. It's hard and exacting, but I enjoy every min—
ute of it." Studying for the artillery, Frank spends
many hours a day in school training for his specialty—
the gunner's job.

Although he hated to leave college, Frank saw no
other course. and as every man must determine his
own way of living. he up and joined . . .

Pvt. Frank Evans
Battery A. 4th Barracks, 2nd Company
Fort Bragg. North Carolina

Bob Hcrtel. recently promoted to Sergeant, changed
his mall-box slightly. Latest known correct address is
Sgt. Robert Hertel, Co. B. 3lst Engineering Battalion,
Fort Belvoir, Virginia . . .

Lynn Burrows, returning from a camera house party
in Canada. relates that our northern neighbors seem
to have no shortage of sugar. as far as restaurants go.
This brings to mind the fact that the patriotic motiva-
tion of the Boul in conserving sugar suddenly changed.
Maybe after computing the cost of envelopes. printing,
and labor in filling the sugar-savers. they viewed the
"emergency" with different eyes . . .

Mirth, Morale. and Money

March 20th will be a red letter day for State College,
as the men of Myskania. collectively tucking their long
black nightgowns in their well-pressed trousers, gallop
down the Page Hall court in the face of terrific odds,
namely the faculty.

0n the same night. the practice teachers will leave
sanctum sanctorum to also enter the lists — creeping
around. stumbling over their own feet—trying to keep
their myopic vision concentrated on the flaming youth
(Milne, '42) cavorting under their educated noses.

The proceeds of this herculean contest: this mass
display of Charles Atlas physique (when he was a 97
lb. weakling) will go to the War Activities Council and
to the Red Cross.

This will inaugurate a program whereby the stu-
dents will contributc to the war effort, and enjoy them-
selves while doing It. This proprum will raise morrde
while raising money-«dud should abolish the odious,
though well intended, sacrifice Nfl'i)l1l{/H plan, already
doomed by poor presentation and negligible support.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

 

Established May, 1916
by the Class at 1918
Vol. XXVI Friday, February 137, Hill! No. II)
Minnbor Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undurgruduuiu newspaper of (he New York Hlnlo (.‘ol-
logo for 'i‘oavllers published every Friday of the college
year by Ilu- NIIlWH llonrll I'or lilo Hludoul. Association.

Phones: Office. ﬁ‘Il1I7ll; llorranco, ll-‘JH-lli; llolalI-ln, 5 UNIT»;
llrunwuld, lI-Illlllﬂ.

Entered as seemed class matter Albany, N. Y., pesto/lice.

 

IIII‘NIHINTID '0" NATIONAL AOVINTIIIINQ IV

National Advertising Service, Inc.
Callous Publisher: Rcllramrmllw

420 MADIoON AVI. le VonK. N. V.

(:IncAeo I Ilouron 4 Lol Mum ' ﬂAn "women

The News Board
EDWIN J. HOLETEIN -- — w - EDITOlI-IN-Cllllﬂ'
WILLIAM R. DORRANCE - u CO-EDI’I‘OIl IN-CHIII'
A. HARRY PABBOW ~ ~- MANAGING EDITOR
MADELINE GRUNWALD - uuaINual MANAGER
HARRIET DEFORIIBT ~- ~ ADVEIITIIING MANAGIR
ALLEN SIMMONS ~ ~ cmoULATION MANAGIII
CARL MITCHELL ~ — w - II'OIITI EDITOR
FLORA GABPARY ‘- ~ ~ AIIOCIATK EDITOR
MURIEL COVELL —- — -- ABBOCIATE EDITOR
DAVID ELAVIN -- - —- - Aaaocu'ra um'ron

 

 

All I'Ililllllllllililiiinllii should be addressed to tho Iiilllill‘ and
must be Ni and. Names will be withheld upon rm nest.
'i‘no H’I‘A’l‘l (3(ililllillliu NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed In Its columns or Innnmnnlcailond.
as such mpresslona do not necessarily reﬂect its view.

[State's Baskctccrs Win

Over St. Mike’s, 46-38

Team 0“ Slowly;
Rallies at Hail
To Win Easily

State’s varsity basketball squad
defeated St. Michael’s quintet at
Page Hall yesterday afternoon by a
decisive score of 46-38. The Eagles
spurted in the third quarter to take
the lead from which they were never
headed.

Both teams Were slow in getting
started, but the Vermonters' attack
perked up and they took a 10-6 lead
at the end of the quarter. State still
occupied a back seat in the earlier
part of the second quarter as St.
Michael’s lengthened their lead
23-15.

Takes Lead

At this point State’s offense be-
gan to function and five points by
Brauner and a foul shot by Dickson
in the last two minutes narrowed the
gap to two points at intermission
23-21. The Eagles continued their
attack In the third stanza as they
took the lead.

The game grew faster. and rough-
er as State's attack cruised forward
while the Vermonter’s offense bogged
down considerably. The end of the
quarter found the locals ahead,
35-32.

Both teams substituted freely in
the last quarter as the Eagles scored
11 points to six for their opponent,
and win with plenty to spare 46—38.
Brauner lligh

Brauner featured in the attack
for the varsity as he slipped in four
baskets and six foul shots for a total
of 14 points. He was followed by
Dickson who chalked up 10 points.
Linnehan scored 11 points to lead
St. Michael‘s in a losing cause. Pc—
puinot, leading scorer of the Ver—
mont squad was held to n more three
points by State's defense.

The box score:

iii'l'lll'l' ii ii 0

HT. MICHAEL H'I‘;\'I‘I'2

i'g l'p I I'I_r Ip l
l'l'i|llllllli. l i :l lilI-llson .‘l | iii
Million 0 (I u III-in'ln o u u
llonsworlh ii I 7 Iiruunor I II II
Ii'ltoili'lie l 2 -l (‘olnlys ‘1 ii 4
llinnohan Fl i ll \‘ouni.r I I ll
Akey i ll ‘J .\lurslund ‘I i ll
l'l'ily 2. ii -i liunsI-Ii U ll 0
(.‘nln (I (I 0 Miller (I II I)
l’ulleson I I) 1! Seoul-y (I (I 0
li‘ilzgiilbon ‘J | Ti Sl-ll'l‘l-I'I (I (i (I

s

’l‘ol.n|s iii Il‘
’l‘oluls IT I'.’ iii

Varsity to Play
Alumni in Finale

Next Saturday. March 7. will be
the last chance of the current sea~
son for State basketball fans to see
the Eagles in action. The game that
day will be against the Alumni, and
will climax the fourth annual
Alumni day. which. this year is un-
der the chairmanship of Ed Reed.

Due to the recent front-office ban
on night activities. all events of the
day will take place In the afternoon.
From one until three o'clock, the
“ancients” will Indulge In such pas—
times as their fancies dictate. Ping-
pong‘. bridge, volley-ball, and “bull
sessions” are offered as possibilities.

Al. ii P. M. the preliminary bas-
ketball game will start. It will be
the feature game of the intramural
loop, the play-oil between College
House and Potter Club.

The varsity-Alumni game will
start at four. Prospects are bad for
tho letter—men this your. for the In-
vaders will be even stronger than
they wore last year when they beat
the varsity. tIII—Iii. George Bancroft.
Duke I‘lorsb. Will Friunent. George
and Jerry Alnyoi., and Johnny llav—
ko will no doubt be back. also
Arnie Eliorin. and (lorry Saddle-
mire. two of last year's stars.

Almost all of this squad has been
in active touch with basketball since
leaving State. Some have played
semi—pro bull. some have matching
jobs.

 

 

JEWELER WATCH REPAIRING

GRUEN - HAMILTON - ELGIN
LONGINEB WATCHES

239 CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY. N. Y.

c. P. LOWRY 

 

Cage Play-oft Due
in Intramural Loop

College House, Potter Club
Tie for Basketball Lead

Due to the unexpected curtailment
of the intramural basketball league
by the blackout ruling enacted last
week, a play-off was necessitated be-
tween College House and Potter
Club for the league championship.

Upon the advice of Coach Hatfield
the captains of both teams decided
that the championship will be
awarded to the winner of two out
of three games. The ﬁrst of these
is scheduled for tomorrow afternoon,
while the second will be played as a
preliminary to the varsity-alumni
contest next Saturday.

The two contests scheduled for
last Thursday were able to be played.
and as a result, College House ad-
vanced to a tie for ﬁrst position by
defeating Kappa Beta, 23-16. CH led

 

Final Standings
“'nn Lost
I'ollcge "IIIIHI' . . . . . . . . . . . . .. III
l'olia-r ('lnh
NLH . . . . . . .
llnppn III'III
Itnmblr-rs . . .
Snyles "all
I( III! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

 

—==qa;:—

z
a
_
.3

 

throughout, and except for a short
spurt by KB in the third quarter the
winners were never challenged.

The Ramblers recorded their ﬁfth
win of the season in the last regular
game of the shortened intramural
basketball season. The commuters
opened up in the last quarter to
lengthen the narrow gap and coasted
to a 20-10 win over Thomas More.
Kiley scored 10 points for the win-
ners.

With Potter Club and College
I-Iouse fighting it out for the ﬁrst
two positions. SLS gained third place
in league standings. They are fol-
lowed by KB and the Ramblers.
The league standings wind up with
Sayles Hall, KDR. and Thomas More
in that order for the last three.

Psi Gamma, Gamma Kap
Tie in Bowling League

Yesterday Psi Gamma won two
games of its match with Phi Delta.
thereby gaining two points to
tie with Gamma Kappa Phi for
the lead In the WAA Inter-house
Bowling League. The third game of
the Phi Delta-Psi Gamma match
will be bowled at 3:30 Tuesday. The
scheduled Alpha Epsilon Phi-Juni-
pers match was not played, but will
also be bowled on Tuesday.

Last Thursday and Tuesday Gam-
ma Knp’s team, league leaders for
three weeks, met the Junlpcr's quin-
tet. Paced by Eleanor Mates who
bowled 197. Gamma Kap garnered
four points. The high score for the
league—497. was also bowled by
Eunice Smith of the Junipcrs. New-
man Hall's keglcrs. second place
team In the league. bowled against
the Kappa Delta squad. Four points
were added to Newman's score as
the result of this match. Rivalry
among the teams bowling in the
league is strong and interest is high
among the competing keglors.

 

“Join Us at Johnson’s”
DAILY LUNCHEON SPECIALS
PURITAN ROOM AVAILABLE FOR

SORORITY, SOCIAL OR BUSINESS

MEETINGS
HOWARD JOHNSON’S
739 CaNTnAL Avn'. ALBANY

 

 

BRING THE GANG TO . . .

PETER’S

Sandwich & ice Cream liar

HOME-MADE ICE CREAM
SANDWICH LUNCHEB

lll'l Central Ave. Albany. N. Y.

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11,194!

 

Mighty Maidens of ’45
Meet Stalwart Sophomores

Wednesday the mighty women
of the fresh class will meet the
stalwart Amazons of the soph
class in a basketball battle royal
for the honor of garnering ﬁve
points towards rivalry champion-
ship.

Nora Giavelli will captain the
fresh aggregation. Although no
deﬁnite starting line-up has yet
been chosen, the following fresh
will probably be given a chance
to battle for the glory of '45:
Jean Hylind, Angie Frabrizio.
“Sandy” Sanderson, and the
“prez”, Flo Garfall.

Mary Domann, of Dorm A’s
unbeaten trio, has lined up a
mighty array of talent for the
foray, including: Kit Herdman,
Pat Latimer and Betty Gravelle
who says. “We’ll mow ’em down
to tiny bits.”

So come, all you frosh-soph
rooters and cheer your favorite
team on to victory.

Five Girls Obtain Fencing Credit

Teddy Jay. captain of fencing, an-
nounced this week that ﬁve girls
have obtained fencing credit: Assini,
Bostwlck, Curran, Fine and Schlott.
Others lacking only a few hours to
make the ten hours necessary may
complete them within the next few
weeks.

 

 

Freshmen {Complete‘V-‘B'Oslcetball Schedul
With One Win Against Seven Losses 

by Bay Vcrrcy

This year's Frosh have one more
win to their credit than last year's
yellow devils. They won a game.

The signiﬁcance of this one win
over Delhi is of great importance.
Delhi’s material and facilities com-
pare closely to State’s. The Delhi
team which the Fresh played was
composed of men from both years
of the two-year course at Delhi. A
decisive victory was won by the Tan-
agers over the Aggies on the Page
Hall court, but Delhi merely eked
out a win on their home court.

Some students feel that a state
College freshman team should break
even with an Albany Academy team.
We must realize that Academy pri-
marily is training men for college
athletically as well as academically.
Academy has much more material
than a State College freshman team.

All the other games that our year-
lings lost were because of experience
and material. The men on the Al-
bany Law and YMCA teams were
from ﬁve to ten years older than
any man on the freshman team.
This alone gave them too great an
edge over the Tanagers.

It should be a disgrace to a fresh-
man squad of such a school as R.P.I.
to lose to a yearling team of a col-

lege such as State. R.P.I. can at-
tract good athletes from all the sur-
roundlng schools.

Under such odds we can feel that
our yearlings did as much as they
could be expected to with only two
men on their squad who earned let-
ters for basketball in high school.

In Hipplck, Mullin, and Suasina
appear deﬁnite varsity material.
With more coaching and experience
no one can tell into what many of
the other freshmen may develop.

Hipplck’s aggressiveness and deft-
ness make him an invaluable scorer
on any team. Mullin, with experi-

ence, may be able to become prom—I

inent in State College athletics.

Perhaps the most natural athlete
among the yearlings Is Susslna. His
lack of experience, alone, kept him
from standing out this year. Disap-
pointment was registered with Art
Olivet, who as yet hasn’t seemed to
have had the spirit to improve on
his already apt ability.

since the YMHA squad can not
play in the afternoon, the Frosh-
YMHA game for tomorrow has been
cancelled.

The annual Frosh-Soph classic,
which was to have been the prelim-
inary to the Varsity-Alumni game,
has been postponed to March 11.

 

 

 

 

Second Floor

 

Pastel Accent on Black

You can rely on this wispy-looking bit of black
faille to take you through your busiest days look-
ing infinitely feminine, but functional. The pastel
pink or blue collar and cuffs may be  
removed for laundering. Sizes 9 to 15. I

 

Second Floor

lain 0- Mm

 

[CRIMSON CROCHET
on NAVY

Ever so simple . . . ever so flatter-
ing ! True-blue navy in a wearable
charmer with the new dropped
shoulder. Only ornament . . . crim-
son crocheted edging and

buttons.

 

Sizes 9 to 15, 

 

 

 

 

 

      
  
  
     
    
      
      
     
   
       
      
      
          
       
       
    
         
        
         
 
 
   

      
   

 

   
     
 
       
      
      
       
    
      
       
   
      
    
      
      
            
   
      
 
 
   
  
 
   
  
    
    
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
      
   
   
   
  
 

 

 
   
     
    
  
     

     
 

