 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, I9I 6

by the Class of I9I8
.Friday November 20, 1942 No. 10

Distributor
C olleginlr Digest

 

Vol. XXVII

Member
Associated Collegiate Press
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
legc for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Ofﬁce, 5-9373; Slavin, 2-9726; Burrows, 2-2752

 

IIFRIDINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIINO IV

. - . .

NationalAdvertISIIIgSemce,Inc.
Collar Publlrlim Rupraunlnﬂm

420 MADISON AVE. NEw YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO - BOSTON - LO! AIUILEI - SIR FIAHCIICD

The News Board

DAVID SLAVIN - - - -
FLORA M. GASPARY }
R. MURIEL SCOVELL
CAROLYN BURROWS - - -
BEVERLY PALATSKY - - —
KATHERINE COUSINS - -
PETER MARCHETTA - - - - -

 

EDITO R-IN-CHIEF
- - CO-MANAGING EDITORS

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR

JANET BAXTER - - - - - - AssocIATE EDITOR
BERNARD SKOLSKY - - - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BETTY STENGEL - - - - - - AssociATE EDITOR

 

SOPHOMORE DESK EDITORS
GORDON BASKIN J. MICHAEL HIPPICK
SUNNA COOPER DOROTHY MEYERS
JANE HEATH BARBARA PUTNAM

 

We

um r

 

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor
and must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re-
quest. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi-
bility for opinions expressed in its columns or communi-
cations as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its
View.

Alfred Edward Dedicke

'l'his wch thc Niiws Board learned that
Colonel .-\lfrcd Edward DL‘illt‘lLC, chin of the
organizers of thc S'rA’ric COLLEGE NEWS, dicd on
Ottobcr 8 of a heart attack whilc on duty with
his Infantry chimcnt at (Lamp Barkclcy, Texas.

 

It is cxtrcincly difficult to attcmpt to write
about sonicoiic we did irot know personally,
someone with whom we nc\cr worked,

But it is not (llfliCLill to say something about
Dcdittkc. His namc and dccds usually havc
bccn known only to cditors of the NEWS, who
are about ilrc only oncs who attempt to become
acquaintcd with the past history of this news-
papcr.

.~\lfrcd ii. l)cdit.kc was ilic Chairman of 'l'hc
(Loirimittcc oi tlrc (Zlass of 1018, on Publishing
a \\'cckly (lollcgc Ncwspapcr', and as such was
thc onc who workcd tlic hardcst with Dr. Bru-
bachcr, thc latc President of thc Collcgc, to gct
this ncwspapcr undcr way.

\\'c rcprint excerpts from thc Editorial of May
lo, ifli7:

“'l'hc ‘.\'i.ws' gocs to print this hull with otir
liditor-in-(Lbrcf, Allrcd Ii. l)cditkc, absctrt from
our staff. ’1 ogcthcr with six oihcr Statc Collcgc
mcti .\li. i)cditkc lcft Albany cull) Sunday morti-
ing for .\latiisoii liariatks, ilic oilit.cr‘s' icscrrc
training camp. . . .

"During ihc ycztr just (losing in: has bccn
printipaliy toiitcriicd with ibt: publitation of
thc ‘Nizws.’ ()irly llltist‘ studcnts who makc up
tbc board know with \\'lliil li‘ill, tapabiiity and
iiidtistiy Ilt‘ has rnanagcd tbt- papcr'. . . . .\'o siti-
tlciit lit'llt‘l qualilicd to tlii‘ctt tlic tiraiiagciiiciit
of thc pttpcr through tlic inst )t-zir oi its t'xistcntc
totild haw bccn found. . . .

".\lr Dcditkc has goiic from its, and though.
in i.’\’(‘iil of his rcttritiiig a toiiiiiiissioii, War is
gran.- doribt of his it'ttiiiiiiig to llit' (lollt'gc, his
llIlIilt‘litt' will long bc It'll. llii‘IL' will ncrcr bt:
a lliilL' wbcn his (lassiiiaitss shall tcasc to lioiioi
and lL‘H‘iC him, and if lortuirc dcti'ccs that lit.-
bc a ltrtidci oi troops upon llli‘ bloodstaiiicd soil
oi lir'aiitc, it't‘ \ciiiuic to picditi that, tlicic as
lit'itf, bc will light with his tbaiattcrisiit iii
domiiabic tilitiiigtf, and if span-d to rcturn from
tho git-at (oiiflitt, a ii.‘\\’lliil bt'fiitiiig his cifoits
shall not be dciiicd him."

lit-ditkc iit‘\‘tl tamc bark to Stair: (lollt'gc, but
lill‘li'ilt‘tl to inakc llii‘ Army his tart-ct. And it
was as a lt'iitlt'i' oi troops that lic cxbaiisicd his
sti'ciigtb. What iiiort: fitting cnd tould tonic to
a fighting spirit like his?

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1942

War Fronts by Feigenbaum

Filibuster Employed by Senators
To Block Anti-PoIIﬂTax Measure

The good news from the world's
battlefronts has dominated the news-
paper headlines of this last week,
and relegated an important, though
shameful, item concerning the Uni-
ted States Senate to the ﬁfth and
sixth pages of the country's papers.
Only one paper thought the article
important enough to warrant a
headline on the front page.

We are speaking about the ﬁli-
buster in the Senate designed to
block action on the anti-poll tax
bill now before that body.

The measure aims to remove the
payment of a poll tax as a requisite
for voting in a federal election.
For the last six days the Senators
from the poll tax states have used
the filibuster to stall senatorial
action on the bill until the Senate
adjourns, thereby defeating the bill.

A ﬁlibuster in Congress is not
a debate expressing the views of the
majority and minority. It is not an
attempt to compromise diverging
opinions upon pending legislation.

“The present filibuster hasn’t a
thing in the world to do with the
merits or demerits of the poll tax—
ihe poll tax Senators are tying up
the Senate in wartime not by de—
bating the issues, but by technical-
ities and red tape and useless r011
calls and endless routine. If a ﬁli-
buster aimed at bringing the argu-
ments of a minority before the
people can be defended, a ﬁlibuster
that doesn't cven pretend to serve
that purpose cannot be defended."

The accusation against the Sen—
ate is not that they are obstructing
the war effort by not passing the
laws necessary for victory. Congress
has voted the necessary money,
passed the eighteen year old draft
bill, but is the sight of the greatest
deliberative body in the world
attempting to block legislation which
would extend the rigirt of franchise
to more people a pleasant one?

PM in its recent editorial stated:

“Something to be proud of, isn’t
it? A great spectacle of democracy
to put alongside the heroism and
sacriﬁce of our African army, of
our Paciﬁc forces? A great satis—
faction to know that, while our
young men are ﬁghting for democ—
racy in the ﬁeld, our old men, like
Senator McKellar, preserve it at
home by putting on a spoiled-child,
cry baby act on the floor of the
United States Senate? A great justi—
fication of the principles for which
our country stands in the ﬁght
against Fascism, when men of the
Stature of Senator Bilbo can tie up
the whole processes of government
and prevent rule of the majority?"

The entire blame of the ﬁlibuster
does not lie wholly on the minority,
but the majority is equally, if not
more, to blame. They did not take
the opportunity to prevent the ﬁli-
buster. The will of the majority
should prevail and the minority
should be heard, but the minority
should not be able to block legis-
lation desired by the majority.

 

Communications

To the Editor:

This will not be an easy letter to
write. Being one of those students
whose actions after an AD play
recently were severely criticized, I
ﬁnd it hard to keep an unprejudiced
attitude about it all.

The party which was wrongly
termed a celebration of a “triumph,”
was in reality a farewell party for
a freshman boy who must leave col-
lege after Thanksgiving. All of us
who had worked with him in the
plays felt badly about his going, and
we wanted to give him a night of
hilarity to remember. I, and all the
others concerned, refuse to apolo-
gize to those who were annoyed by
our songs and impromptu acts.
They fitted in the spirit of the even-
ing, and if there are some “pi‘igs”
who think it is "disgusting" to have
a good time at a farewell party, I'm
afraid their opinion doesn’t mean
much to us.

We were asked to leave the
Tavern, yes. At that time, we were
singing rather quietly, and feel that
the managcmcnt was unnecessarily
scvcrc since only two tables there
were not occupied by State students.
But at the Playdium whcrc we really
"hit it up," no one askcd us to be
quiet or made any signs of dis—
approval. Thc organist accompanied
us on many flights of song, and a lot
of the patrons joincd in with the
singing. I am rathct‘ proud that I
was cncorcd when I sang “Frankie
and Johnny" as Ll 5t)lo~fol‘ the first
timc in public.

We were drinkingwbccr. We
were noisy thcrc Wci'c about
twclvc of us But wc wci‘c not
bciiriJ, iil'ly, no inoi'c than any oiht‘i‘
group of .studt-nts having a good
time. Pci'haps Wc all are "wct
bchind thc cars" but if so, it is
a wondci'ful for-ling. Soinc pcoplc
around collcgc might try it sonic-
timc thcinscchs to good advantage.

What We do wondct' is if the
student hotly ain‘t-cs with us that
cvcry coilt-gt- studt-iit should have
an cvcning or two of grand and
glorious fun, \‘Hllitllil having to
care what pcoplc think'.‘ Wc didn't

 

destroy any property, we didn’t
molest anyone—all we did was sing,
and rather well, too, if I must say
so myself.

Well, that’s our side of the story,
contrary to the opinion expressed
in a column of the STATE COL-
LEGE NEWS last week. We all
suggest that such opinions (stories
reported) be checked for details
from now on, to avoid embarrass-
ment for everyone concerned. We
also suggest that people in glass
houses shouldn't throw stones. We
also send our regrets to all stu—
dents who couldn’t be with us
that night—they would have had
the time of their lives. We did.

Dcﬁantly yours,
Rhona Ryan, '44.
To the Editor:

My understanding of the word
"criticism," taken from Webster's
Collegiate Directory, is “the art of
judging with knowledge the beauties
and faults of literary or artistic
works." A critic, according to Mr.
chstcr, is one who cxprcsscs his
i'ctrsoncd opinion of thc incrits of
literary oi' artistic works

Perhaps Miss Marston's review of
Miss Hampcl’s play was written on
thc assumption that it was neithcr
a literary nor an artistic work.

Bc that as it may, tbc guilt can»
not be placcd cntircly upon Miss
llrrmpcl's shoulders. She had the
vcry difficult task of producing a
i'EilllUi‘ long play in two wvcks. Dur—
ing one of those two wot-ks thc col—
lcgc hiid midscmcstct' cxtrms.

Mr. Loucks bad iht- good for-tuni-
to tlli‘CL‘i thrcc incmbci's of Advanccd
Dramatics class, whilc Miss Hampcl
had but two, whosc pcrf'tirmiiriccs, it
is true, Miss Mar'ston rioicd. 'l‘hi'cc
of Miss Hampcl's cast bad tioi bccn
on the State Collcgc sirigc bcforc.
Onc of thc cast had iioi bcten on tiny
.siagc.

In my opinion Miss llniiipcl is a
conipteit-trt dircctoi'. Possibly I am
mistakcn, but I think not

Conscientious ()Iijcclor.

 

\\

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by Herb Lenekcr
Our Coeds all are grand old girls
They treat us mighty ﬁne. . .
They ﬁll their clothes out very well
They make our eyes to shine. . .

Reading, for lack of worthwhile or entertaining
material, the Concordiensts, we were shocked to ﬁnd
that aspersions had been cast on our fair sex by the
would-be-witticists of said effort. . .

Humor may be just as good as anything else with
which to ﬁll the front page, but insults to guests
should be conﬁned to those defenseless walking ex-
pense accounts, forming the zeros in the 400, of the
more ritzy hencoops . . . Let it be here understood
that our women can hold their own in any league,
and any affront to them will be considered an affront
to our entire student body. . . .

N LOVE AND WAR

Good news for youse guys . . . D V plans to send
another letter soon . . . Possibly after Thanksgiving
. , . JACK NORDELL dropped around recently . . .
Just ﬁnished his 90 day cram-session . . . ANDY
TAKAS is taking his basis at Camp Croft, S. C. . . .
enjoying himself considerably . . . Wonders if there is
anyone from State around . COLLIN BARNET,
devil—dog-elect, writes from Quantico . . . Expects to
go to Air School soon . , . Dr. WALLY TAYLOR goes
to OCS, Miami . . . To be commissioned in Air Corps
Administration . LES GERDTS, England, is one
stop nearer MacArtiiur’s four stars now lst
Licut. . .

JOE McCABE's in advance Flight training,
Georgia . . . “It’s a great thing, this flying." . . . AL
OETKIN plays around with the bigger tanks at Fort
Bragg . . , RALPH CLARK recently recovered from
an attack of pneumonia Is studying to be a
radio operator at the Souix Falls technical school
His code instructor is a woman, “a real beauty . .
The school prescribes what females are to wear to
cut down their lure." . . . Lieut. JIM CHAPPEL is
training as a motor officer at the Atlantic Quarter-
master's motor base. . .

BOB HERTEL gets his officer’s training at Grinncl
College . . . very comfortable living conditions . . .
attractive food Only drawback—stress placed
upon weekly exams . . . Aviation Cadet WENDELL
CADY, who wrote this bit when it was still a Victory
column, has ﬁnished primary and goes to basic at
Shaw Field, S. C. . JIM MALONEY. sage of the
sports page and author of “Maloney’s Baloney” two
years back, is at Notre Dame, a V-7 trainee .
“Spare moments are at a minimum.” . . Middics
JACK LCVARNE and PETE FULVIO also sweat,
while the faculty boasts TOMMY ROBERTS and WILL
FRAMENT . . . both ensigns . . .

ROY McCREARY's studying weather observation
at Chanutc Field . . . In case you hadn't heard, Mac
and BJ were married last June . . . Lieut. LLOYD
KELLY gave Joe Ann Bright a gold band, as wcll as
a pair of silver wings . . . Was married November 8. . .
EDDIE BURKE arid Mary Dunning said “we do" a
couple of' months ago . . _ Cpl. MIKE WALRATH and

 

 

Lona Powcll were back this week . . . MIKE leaves
Sunday for OCS, Fort Bcnning . . , Will be married
upon graduation in February Mr. Cupid, take

a bow, , .

THE CHALLENGE
This column has a messagcv—a message which may
best be given through lbc dclicatc medium of \’(‘I‘S('
. . . lf's callcd "Blackout."
Planes wcrc winging overhead,
People on the ground were dead
Turning to my girl I said:
Blackout!
Took tlrc girl iirto my arms
(.‘oiitcmplatiiig on hcr charms
'Rouiid wci-c clang‘ing loud alartm
Blackout!
Kissed licr twice and held hcr' tigl.t
Whispered softly in the night
Shc rcsistcd, what a fight!
Blackout!
Slappcd my face, and bit lilt‘ good
And I had always thought. slrc would
i gucss i ain't the guy who cotild.
Blackout!
llcar lbc moral of my story:
Fight, and got yourself some glory
Don't gci fi'csh, ctiusc you'll be sorry
Blackout!

'l‘akc this message home with you . . . Mtill it ovur
in your mind whilc you least on tho 'l‘hanksgiviiig
tiri'kt-y . . . IIL‘liLI bciwccn thc lincs as you sip 2t gob—

lt-i of ci'ysttrl-clcar watci' . . Dclibcr'rttc your futurc
as you thn' info that second piccc of pumpkin pic
Youth, we must accept the challenge!

The Weekly Bulletin

VACATION SUf’Itl. I‘.\I.I‘LNIi.\Il
'i'iirriiksgtviiig I'UL‘CbS will Nov. 20 7 Hl;;liiit IillliilHIii
ircgiii Wednesday at 12 sigma "Holiday iiiir."
NOON-l ﬁll-5335 W31 '39 ite- sciiri-f‘ormirl (Ittlit‘i' 1n llic
sumct. on 11y, ovcniier Lump“ Dew/W“ y 1» 1w,
lit). at lizlti A, M. Classes mm '13 A M
in tho Miinc School will ' '
l)i‘ over tit 11 A. M. Nov. 21 Club '-lti, l'ottter
Nll‘mgsv AIDS (lllil) i'tinli (liiiit't'. i'Hili-

All students who are mun“ “L H I)” M
working “L 1,)“; Albany “05. NOV. 24 SCA 'I'Iliililthtglv-
pitrtl can receive their pay trig service at tiic Unt-
Monday in Room 110 be- tartan Chapel between
tween 12 and 12:30 P. M. 12:05 and 12:25 P. M.

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1942

PAGE 3

 

SCA to Present
Chinese Speaker

On December 2

Woman Social ,Leader
To Discuss New China

Mrs. Way-sung New, of Shanghai,
China, graduate of Ginling College,
women’s college in Nanking, China,
will be featured guest at the Student
Christian Association meeting on
December 2, Emily Blasiar, President
of SCA, announced.

Mrs. New has an excellent corn-
mand of the English language, having
done graduate work at Columbia
University in New York, and she has
addressed audiences, large and small,
in various parts of this country. At
present Mrs. New is touring the
country, presenting speeches, under
the auspices of the Student Christian
Movement.

Workcd in China

Mrs. New did a great deal of work
in China on behalf of handicapped
children and needy people. Her
husband, the late Dr. Way—sung
New, was an ortiropcdic surgeon of
international reputation, and Mrs.
New shared her husband's interest
in crippled children. While in China,
Mrs. New was a Welfare Director of
the Shanghai Orthopedic Hospital,
President of the Ginling College
Board of Directors, a Vice—Chairman
of the Shanghai New Life Move-
ment (Women's Corps), and a Di—
rector of the Rural Social Service
for Women and Children. Mrs
Ncw’s spcccb, “China and Recon-
struction" will draw on her vast
background as a Chinese social
leader.

The entire college is invrted to this
general SCA meeting at which Mrs.
Ncw is to spcak. The meeting will
be at the Fellowship House of the
First Presbyterian Church, 7:30 P.
M., and a social, with dancing and
refreshments, will follow the busi-
ness meeting.

Chapel Service Tuesday

SCA's annual Thanksgiving Chapel
service will begin promptly at 12:05
next Tuesday noon at the Unitarian
Chapel, across the street from the
college on Washington Avenue.
Alccn Coddington and Warren Kull-
man, Sophomores, are student lead-
crs for the service, and Helen Elgin,
'44, has charge of the affair. Dr.
Shields McIlwainc, Professor of
English, is the featured speaker.
Music will bc furnished by the SCA
Chorus under tbc direction of Earl
Snow, '44. The scrvicc will be over
cxactly at 12:25 P. M. so that slu-
dcnts will be able to make thcir
12:35 classes.

 

Dr. Milton G. Nelson

 

Newman Club Discusses

Socral SerVIce Work

Sister Mary Ciotlrildc. of the Order
of the Parish Visitor's, was featured
speaker at the Nowman Club meet-
ing last night. The mccting was
opened at 7.30 I). M., with a bone—
diction, and was followed by danc-
ing and i'cfrcshmcnts.

In hcr spccch, Sislci‘ Mary dis-
cusscd social sci'vicc work, which is
the basis for bcr ordcr. Sbc brought
out various poinlci's as to how a
tcachcr would approach tr nccdy
family to hclp lllL‘ill without ofl'cnd—
ing them William 'l‘uckcr', '44, Pros-
idcnt of Newman Club, said, "It
was a pretty interesting lecture in
the intricacies of psychology "

Fraternities

(Continued from page I, ('Ulilllili i)
Potter Club iioi only compcics with
those two but with KB also.

Intcrl'raternity Council dates back
to 1936, when it was organized by
KDR and Potter Club. KB and SLS
were admitted in 1038. The offices
rotate cach ycar among the four
fraternities.

Mcmbcrs of IillL‘i‘f'i‘tilCl‘l'illy Coun-
cil are as follows: Kappa Delta
Rho, Owcn Bombzird, Robert Loon—
ui'd, Seniors, and William Mtir'sland.
'44; Edward Eldi'cd Policr Club.
Howard Lynch, Rolf ’I‘ocpfcr', Son—
ior's and Malcolm Evans, '44; Kappa
Bclii, .Joscpli lit-viii. llttr‘oltl li'cigcn-
batim, Sciiioi's, and Saul Slolbof',
'14; and Sigma Lambda Sigma,
Eugcnc (iuarino, 'l‘lroiirtis O'Connor,
Scniors, and Vcriic Marshall, '44.

 

Annex Committee
(Continued. from page I, column .i')
plans wcrc drawn up by the State
Architcct's oflicc to rebuild the en—
tire cafeteria area and to recondi—
tion the dining and recreational fa—
cilities. This Was to be done as a
WPA projcct. However, at that time
labor for thc projcct could not be
sccurcd and since that timc it has
been iiiipossiblc to obtain financial
support I'UI' llic Budget Bureau.

In connection with rcfurnishing
thc Aniicx and Cafeteria area, the
committt-c suggcsts ncw furnitttrc~
IIt‘W fui'iiiturc which would be built
by llli' .siiidcirt body. 'l‘hc purposc of
liiiVIHtJ, fIii‘ «itudciits btriid ihc furni-
turc, flic coiiiiiiiifct- rcport nddcd,
would bc to givc lbc students it
gi'cirtcr f'ccliiig of pridc and owncr-
sliip in tho Aiiircx and Cufctcriii.
"chcral dillicultics immcdiafcly
prcsciil tliciiistilvcs on this account,"
said Dr. Saylcs "At prcscnt thcr‘c
arc priorilics on lumbci', nails, paint
and till tliosc ircccssorics iicccssary
for ilic coinplclion of such a project."

Under tho bonding of general
rccommcndations, the committee
pi-oposcd group purchasing on tho
campus through a centralich pur—
chasing agcnt. "'I‘his," Dr. Saylcs
.riiiiouiiccd, "iiiVolvcs a great deal
of capital and also distribution fa-
cilitit-s. And I would also likc iti
kiiou wlicrt- ihc capital is coming
from."

in conclusion, in. Saylcs said that
ho was iiidt-bicd to tho commilfcc
for llicli‘ constructive idcas, and he
ttddctl that thc committcc will be
maintained as a co-ordiiiating force
in supervising the operation of the
Annex and Cafeteria

 

Students May Receive
Hospital Pay at College

In iii’(li‘l‘ lo f'ticililtilc tlrc ])f|ylil(‘lll
of Sinic ('ollt-uc sitidcirfs who iil'l'
cmploycd at Albany Hospital. tr
rcprcscntativc of ihc hospital Pity»
roll Dcptn‘lmcnt has arranged to bc
at tho Collctzc iwicc at month. Shc
will bc of tho Wtii‘ Aciivifics dcslt
lll liooiii llfi, Ill'itlll'l‘, bclwccii 13
noon and 12.30 i). M., on tbc 01b
and 21st of cucb month. ercir flicsc
dtiics fall on a Saturday or Sunday,
paymcni will bc madc at lhc saint-
pltrcc on fIi(' following Monday
'l'liost' who iti‘t’ cligiliht to lil‘ pgritl
iii't' llltl‘sI‘ 'siittlt'iifr. \\'liti .tit' i’III
ponI-tl .il llil' llospiinl .i‘r iiiii'mm'
illufslhlillllf's tii‘ illlll‘l'llf"s.

'l'bc l'l'lll'i‘ﬁi‘iliiill\’i':s will bu 111
Room fill till Moritlny, Ntl\’t'llll)L‘l'
Bil, and till .sltidt-Iiis Wiri‘lfliitl rrf ilrc
bospital should contact lli'l' ibcn
Miss Stii'zi 'l'. llciaiit'y, l)caii of
Womt-ii, i'ill]lliii:sl’/.i'.‘s tbc fact that thr-
.stridciils .sbotild avail llit-iiir~.i-lvt-s
of this ori'uiigciiictil.

 

'l‘hc coiiiiniiicc consislcd of Dr.
Robci'l W, l"r'ctlt'i'ick, Principal of
tho Milnc School: Mrs Amid liar—
sain, Instructor iii lItiiiIt‘ I‘lt‘tiiitiiiili‘n.
llr. Louis (' .loiit's, Assistant i’i‘o»
f'csmii til l‘llliilisli, Ili‘ ('ili'iilllll‘
t'i'otrsdzdc, l’i‘oi't-ssor of llygiciic; l)!‘
Mlliiiic Ii Scotland, Assistant l’ior
f'cssor' of Biology; l)i'. Itobcrl flit-now,
Assistant l’rolossoi' of Social Studios;
Niilirlic lVIfllill and flurry Moshci',
Miinc; llon Vamis and Shirlcy
Win-7., Ht-iiIoi's; Miri'y Studcbaikcr and
Bci'iitii'd Skolsky, Juniors. Mr.
(Icoi'gc M. York. Professor of Com-
incrcc, was chairman of thc corri—
mittcc.

College Changes ’.. . il'ie Story of Bone Aimes
Who Cut Her Woylo Fame’

Entrance Demands

In order to eliminate summer in-
terviews and at the same time insure
a full quota of freshmen entrants,
a new policy of admission require-
ments has been established by Dr.
Milton G. Nelson, Dean of the Col-
lege, and the Committee on Admis-
sions.

Applications will be receivable
only before April 1, and conse-
quently the scholarship qualiﬁca-
tions will be based upon the January
regents marks. Admissions made
at this time will be tentative. Hith-
erto, the final Jutie regents marks
of the high school seniors were
necessary, and applications were
received as late as September in
SLIIIL‘ cases. The ﬁnal criterion for
entrance will be the June marks
oi the student.

The personal interview and phys-
ical examination will be given in
Albany, but if in certain localities
ti large number of applicants war-
rant it, thcsc tests will be given at
designated center's. Syracuse, Buf-
falo, Bingbamton, Mineola, Ossin-
ing, Port Henry, Tupper Lake, and
Waicrtown have been chosen as
possible centers.

These interviews will take place
between April 15 and May 15, and
will include tests for speech and
voicc, and a physical examination
given by a college physician. The
i'csttlls of these will form a per-
sonality score and applicants will be
admitted provisionally in order of
standing, until the established quota
is filled.

As bcf'orc, a minimum of sixteen
units of approved high school work
will be necessary. However, the
only required subject will be Eng-
lish 4 years The other twelve
units may bc made tip of foreign
ianguagcs, mathcmatics, science or
social studies. The applicant's high
school record must indicate intel—
lcctual accomplishment and he or
she must bc highly recommended by
the school principal.

A limited number of freshmen
will be admitted in January 1943, in
ordcr' to increase the number in the
prcscnt f'rosh class.

Applications rcccivcd after April
1 will bc considered only in case of
withdrawal of an already accepted
studcnt.

SEB Issues Request

For Senior Registration

Miss Doris Kclly, Assistant Di-
i'L'L'ftil' of thc Student Employment
Biii‘t‘iill, has announced that Seniors
and graduate siudcnts who wish
to rcgisicr with the Student Em~
ploynrcilt Bureau should do so by
Novcmbcr 25, as thch is quite a bit
of clcr'ical work connected with
pi'cpm'tiiion of tho application foldci‘,
ziiid ihc foitlt-i's should I'rc I'catly
SINIII.

Althouin registration fee of fivc
dollars iiccd not be paid at the
liinc the application folder is ob—
taincd, ilrc registration docs not be-
t-omc aciivc until the fcc is paid.
l’icturcs for tho f'oldci‘s are being
llih't,’li now .ri the Contra] Studio,
181 Control Avcnuc, but the pic-
llll't':i may bt- added after the other
ptrtions of thc folder have been
tomplcicd. Siiitlclils who have had
‘siilliillli' picltircs taken at other
'sliiilltih may tisc lhcsc pictures for
tin~ir f'oIdt-rs. if ihc picturcs arc
.‘sllfllt‘lt'lllly proi'cssionai. Students
who obtain tlicir f'oldcrs irow should
biivc tbt-m complcicly f'illcd out and
i'l.‘llll'ii(.’(l by Novcmbcr 30.

Mary Agncs Mariana, '40, i'ccciitly
obtaincd a position leaching mathe—
iiliillt‘h .ri Milford. Eudora Farrell
liancroi'i, '30, is now at Fi'ccport
twitching commcrcc.

Silent Period Begins Monday

Beginning Monday November 23,
flic so-callcd "silent period" will end
coth-rsation bciwccn freshmen mid
sorority Women. The period will last
until llcccmbci' ll. Invitations from
llti' .soi'oi'itit-s for bufl'cl supper and
l'tii'lllill tliiiiit-i' will be i'ct'ctvotl Vlil
.stmiciit mail by fhc fi'cshmcti \vo—
lilt'li oii Monday. 'l‘btrsc invitations
must bc iclurncd ihc sonic night.

A ll‘lilllill'iii'y i'cspitc from tho
"silciit pci'iod" will bc during tlic
linilci Supper and Formal Diiiiici'
which will ttikc plitcc on Dcccnibcr
-i and 5 rcspccllvcly. ’I'hcsc two
cvcnis constitute the formal rushing
period.

 

I cut, you cut, we all cut classes.
When it isn't a necessity, it‘s a
social custom. But whethcr it's due
to a neglected assignment, or to keep
a soda date, it's a cut. They count
up. I’ll tell you a little story about
a girl who thought that the cutting
way was the quickest way to a
success.

There once was a girl namcd
Bonn Aimes. She'd been one of
those high school quiz kids, and so
she came to college with home
town blessings. She'd had to pinch
a few pennies, but she promised her-
self she'd succeed.

She was a sweet kid and she
pulled through her first ycar all
right. Yes, she was one of those
charming freshmen who learns all
the answers without telling anyone
about it. She went with the popular
crowd and tirade one of tbc top
sororities. She had itilcnt too, in a
number of things, and sbc know
how to talk to pcoplc. Everyone
had her marked for :r bright future.

During that summcr vacation,
Bona decided to start on her glorious
path to fame in her sophomore
year. When she went back shc'd
show the stuff shc was made of—
migiity fine stuff.

That year Bona lived at the
sorority house. That was rcally fun
with evenings to spend chattering
with the girls. Shc did have some
history to do, but she could cut
gym tomorrow and do it then. Shc

By Lucille Kenny

 

was good in history anyway. She
didn’t worry a bit.

That’s how it started, just a gym
class, but then they began to mount
up. Monday morning Bona cut
to sit at the table in the Commons.
Theta Sigma couldn’t let Theta
Alpha get that precious front row
table before 12 A. M., so Bona gladly
volunteered to help out. It was
only English class, and Bona was a
whiz iii English. Tuesday she cut
to do a story for the school Weekly
Spotlight. Bona was trying for a
place on the Newspaper staff. She'd
got it too, for she was clever with
a pencil. Wednesday somebody was
nccdcd at the last minute to sit at
the Operetta Board’s table for a
pcrrod to sell tickets. Bona had a
class, but she volunteered. After
all, it might help her to become a
member of the Council.

And so it happened. At the end
of the year Bona's name was read
from every staff list in the college,
and she was volcd the most popular
girl of tire Sophomore Class. She
kill for home amid cheers. “You’re
headed for the top," they told her.

But Bona didn't come back to
collch next year. They wondered
about her for a while, and then
bcr offices were replaced by others.
Her name was forgotten.

Bonn got a job in a department
store iii her hometown, and for all
I know she's working there still.
'l'bosc littlc yellow cards are what
stoppcd hcr flight to glory, those
littlc ycllow cards.

 

War Stomp Sole
Totals Over $722

Six hours cvcry day, in the little
cardboard housc in lowcr Di‘apcr,
victory—minded students sit selling
War Stamps. Working in one—hour
shifts, from about ten in the morn-
ing to fotir in the afternoon, this
student voluntccr group of about
thirty-live students has so far sold
over $122.00 worth of stamps. 'l‘his
avcrages more than $11 in stamps
per day, since the booth has bccir
open since November 3, or only for
eleven days. This means an avcr—
age purchase, for thosc 125 studcnis
patronizing the booth, of uric dollar
for a period of' approximately tWo
weeks.

The War Stump group, undcr ilic
direction of Trccc Ancy, '44, is a vital
part of the War Council sctup, and
war credit is being givcn to thosc
sitting at the booth. 'l‘hcrc is a
working fund of' $25 worth of
stamps, half of which was lotinctl by
Forum; the othcr litrlf by War Coun-
cil. This fund is rcplcnishcd at it
local l’ost Ollicc Sub-Siaiion cvcry
day. The booth currios ii stock of
lil-ccnl, 25—ccnl, and fill—ccirt stamps.

Hcrbci'i Lcnckcr, '43, and Trccc
Ancy, '44, are responsible for thc
i'cd, while and blirc Wtii' Stamp
llousc. 'l‘licy first started building
with tho backs of .‘s‘iiiiit: old posit-rs,
and sonic scotch tape, dccoi'alingl llll:
lrousc with flags donatcd by thc
Static Collcgc News. This litilc
housc, “built of sand," soon col-
lapscd. Loiickcr llll'll consii'uctt'd a
ncw housc, with .somc old woodcn
boxcs lying around lbt- Publications
Oilicc, this llllit' i151“); llilll ihtiiiib
fucks and .scolcb itipc. So I'til' lliih
liousc has withstood thc wctilbcr
and sludcnts Paddy tlrc janitor coir—
ti'ibutcd ilic clcclric light for ibc
booth. I"ivc hours of hard Itilliil‘,
and $1.25 in cash wars thc outlay
i'cquircd for tho flirts-bod booth As
Miss Aricy said. "lhinos :md quar—
icrs arc what tll't' nct~dcd for ii.s
stir-ccss.

Pierce Hall Formal
Set for December 1

'I'Ili‘ tltilc ol Ilil‘ lli‘sl of tho [no
annual I‘it-i'ci- littll formats is :i‘l for
Saturday, l)t-ci-iiibcr Ii! 'l'lil’ Wmtt-r
ditiicc will bt- at formal. .i i'I'iilill to
[lie policy tcinpoi'arily discorrliiiut-d
last your. 'l‘bc ('bi'rsiiiitrs flit-inc is
to bc carried out by llit- dccornlioirs
which urc undcr llii‘ cbaii'rnaiisliip
of Mtitlttt' Sinclair. '41}, I'Iiiiiict:
Baird, '44, social chairman at tho
"dorm," promises it surprisc tit lbt-
dance. It is it new idea to bc car»
ried out each year after this onc.

 

«M;

,, it, SYNSTT. . .  . . . .~ .Z'cmnam .

 

 

Fraser, Ashworth
To Direct Plays

The first set of Advanced Dra-
matics plays aftcr vacation will be
directed by Rod Fraser, and Harold
Ashworih, Juniors.

Fraser‘s play is a negro tragedy.
A coiorcd Mammy's dying wish is to
scc ht-r grandson, Dreamy, before
:.lit' tlics. Clairc Schwartz, '45,
coat-1:. the part of the old Mammy.
Nniicy Wilcox, ‘44, is Ceely Ann, the
ncigiibor nurse, while Elaine Drooz,
'«iii. portrays Dreamy's gal, Irene.
luli chstcin, '46, in the role of
l.')rt».nny, completes the cast.

i)i‘camy is a small-time gangster
who has just killed a white man.
’l‘bt- story evolves around the con—
flict Iii mind: whcthcr to remain in
hiding or to see Mammy, which
moans i-iskiiii,r being caught.

Asbworih's play is a comedy
about two scheming sisters who try
to sublct their apartment for more
than it is worth. The victims are a
siolid couplc who have just inherited
.s-omc moncy. The wife, a domineer—
mc damc, wants an cxclusivc aparl~
iill‘lll on Park Avcntic; her husband
1:. t'oiiiplclcly flustcrcd over the
\\'l|i)lt' idca. 'f‘hc conspiring sisters
takc advaiitagc of the husband’s in-
ability to cope with the situation,

’l‘hc casting of Ashworth's play
liti‘l not .rs ycf-bccii completed

News Elections

tt'outiititcd from page I. column I)
m ncwspapcr- work. All freshmen
intcrcutcd aic askcd to iittcnd thc
i‘l.ts§.i", \\l|iill art- hcltl cvcry Tues—
tl..‘\ noon l|| h‘ooiii III of Draper
llall

'f'bc I\:s.‘stit‘l.iLl' Editors of the NEWS
for tit-xi your will be chosen from
llil.‘ six Dt'sk Editor's appointed.
l'Ilt-ction was bascd on ability showr,
.ni.l ll‘ll’l‘l‘hl tlist-liiycd since the club"
tit filli‘\ \\i‘i'L‘ natich to the staff last
May, I"l'-‘lll lhc Associtiic Editors
vb. st-o will conic ihc futur‘c Editor'—
li|r(.'lill‘l oi' (_'o~l£diloi's and the
.\l;rii.‘igiiig Editor or Ctr-managing
I‘ltliltil‘r. (as ihc casc may be) of the
Niws. Uibcr Board positions will
lav tillt-d ll‘ttlll lllt‘ Business and

Il .‘~'~l:tfl'r.

Upperclass \Vamings Issued

't‘lrt- ()fl‘it-c of llrc Registrar an-
nouirct-s that lﬁli warnings have licen
issucd tti tippcrclassincii. Freshmen
\\ill rcccivc thcir warnings before
tb.-y It‘lH't.‘ school for Thanksgiving
vacation. Ont- bmidrod sixty—six
l'rcsbmcii arc slaicd to rcccivu warn-
mus. This number exceeds that of
any one of flu: other classes.

 

 

 

