 
 
  
    
   
        

   
  
  
 
    

 
   
 

 

v plucidated.

" by or Boron
_' d' " “1 to be a father?"
 ”_ Ge ber Was, asked. Now.
 M  swamped with in-
es, let all misunderstandings be
.3. seems that he is the
head of fa, t ion] American family,

dubbed Vic , inspired with a sin-
5;cei'e desire

aid our country in its

ort.
logan. “The Victors for
is cozy little “primary
presented every Thursday
,‘M {over station WABY. The
" ,‘Which lasts 15 minutes, is
edbyr the Civilian Defense
1, which has designated the
Cduncii of the college to pro-

'  , one script per week.
will; is the Cast

 But now to get on with the ﬁnish-

' 'éd ,product of this extensive cam-
paign of Radio for Victory—the radio

play. Caroline Loucks and “Eye”
Benton with the supervision and
technical advice of Dr. Hartley,
practice afternoons in a little room
on the second ﬂoor of Draper. Pa
Victor (Moose Gerber) and Ma
Victor (Marion Sovik) have two
lovely children. Bobby, age 14. is ably
portrayed by Art Collins; Art l‘nan-
ages to secure a younger voice by
lifting his vocal cords jast a little
above their normal tone. Says Art,
“I got this part in competition try-
outs with a Milne kid—and I won."
Actually a “Milne kid" does play the
part of the model American daugh-
ter. She is Miriam Steinhardt. and
if her audience had the advantage
of television, they would be blinded
by a glowing crop of red hair.
Salvage for Victory

This week's script again followed
the adventures of the Victor family.
who devoted all their time and ener-
gy to “Junk”. The production con-
cerns the drive for such discarded
articles as iron and brass beds, elec-
trical equipment, kitchen utensils,
old door knobs, rags and papers.
All civilians are urged to dig down in
their cellars and clear out their
attics. When all vital materials have
been assembled, they are requested
to displace Bryant 709 for Albany
3-6700 in “their little red books.”
This number is that of the central
agency which will collect materials.

An essential cog to the successful
mechanism of the radio script pro-
duction is Janet Wood. Miss Wood,
whose voice is never heard by eager
listeners, operates sound effects.
performing such novel duties as ring-
ing bells, slamming doors, and rat-
tling dishes. Although no super-
woman, Miss Wood is supposed to
drop a brass bed (she drops a rea-
sonable facsimile). Correction please,
Miss Wood is heard once. She plays
the part of Spot. the dog. and gives
two joyous. happy barks.

New Jersey Educators,
Graduates at State, Die

Two graduates of State recently
died in New Jersey. Arthur G. Bal-
com, who attended State when it
was still a normal school, was 75
years old. and Howard J. Fitzpatrick.
who received his BA here ill 1912
and his Bachelor of Pedadogy degree
in 1913. was 52 years of age.

Mr. Balcom had retired from his
position as assistant superintendent
of schools in Newark. N. J., five years
prior to his death. He was one of
the ﬁrst to introduce audio-visual
education in the schools.

Mr. Fitzpatrick was Vice~principal
of Lincoln High School in Jersey
City. N. J.. for the past ten years.
He was well thought of as a student
here at State: the quotation applied
to him In the 1912 yearbook (prior
to the introduction of the Peda-
gogull read: “Fine sense and ex-
alted sense are not half so useful
as common sense."

 

Retire   Production

 

Golden Gang
is Still On Tap

Soph Torrent Threatens
To Quench Scarlet Flame

by Betty Gravelle

This morning’s assembly gave
sophomores and freshmen opportun-
ity to reveal their hidden (i l) musl-
cal talents in the annual rivalry
sing, netting three points for the
winner. Each class sang three songs
—-an original alma mater, a song for
the class, and a song against its
rival. To erase any harsh notes be-
tween the classes, both sophs and
frosh then joined in the traditional
“Arm in Arm Through Friendly
Ways.” Three faculty members
judged the sing solely on the basis
of the class alma mater.

Rivalry was brought up to date
last Wednesday—with a bang! The
frosh grape-shot managed to do
more damage to the soph cannonade
than was at ﬁrst thought possi-
ble. After the girls had succeeded
in wholesale woman-slaughter. the
rivalry score still read. 7-3'/_». in
favor of the sophomores—with an-
other game in the offing for which
the sophs are increasing their de—
fense work. l

Just to prove beyond a doubt that
the sophs are really superior (in
spite of appearances) and that the
frosh intend to give ’em a run for
their money. the females of the two
classes will meet—head on—in an-
other game Wednesday. The winner
of two out of three games will take
the three rivalry points. Then, the
masculine element (S/5 vs. F/5) will
take over the court (baslcctboll
court) and grapple for the glory of
their respective classes.

Since the misunderstanding frosh
were forced to default in banner riv-
alry, the usual ﬁve points. awarded
to the winner of the banner hunt,
have been dissolved, and neither
class will receive them. But there
remain several other points upon
which the rival classes may differ—
lnascot hunt. softball. tug 0’ war.
pushball. Moving-Up-Day sing and
skit.

D&A to Bring Mumaw,

Former Shawn Dancer

Barton Mulnaw. under the aus-
pices of the Dramatics and Arts
Association. will present a two-hour
dance program to the State College
audience on April 15.

Formerly a soloist for Ted Shawn
and Company. Mumaw is now con-
sidered one of the best male dancers
ill America. Although this is his
first solo tour. he will play from
coast to coast in approximately one
hundred cities. Both costumes and
dances are authentic. Much of his
music is composed by his accom-
panist.

Elizabeth Simmons. '42. President

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH a, mi

 I. PavVictor— tat/id’s ﬁlm! in Whirl/u; Helium—l, .41 .«W

This is the ﬁrst in a series of articles which will describe the war effort activities of the college. All
information published is given by the War Activities Council. It is also an attempt to give credit where
credit is due. Naturally it is impossible to include all deserving names the first time.

Do you really know what State College students are
doing in the way of defense activities? Do you know
what is going on behind the scenes? We didn't until
we started digging up material for this column . .
We were surprisedl You will be, too, when you ﬁnish
reading this . . .

For instance, Mrs. Tieszen and the girls who are sew-
ing in Room 107 deserve special praise for the work
they are turning out. Several dozen shirts and dresses
have been made by these girls doing just two or three
hours of work a week. Orchids go to Kit Cousins and
Shirley Jennings for putting seven buttonholes on each
one of four dozen rompers. With the aid of Mrs. Bar-
sam and the buttonhole machine in Milne, the girls
can average forty buttonholes in an hour. Nice going,
we call it! We also hear that the Red Cross has highly
praised the sewing done by State College students. So,
girls, even if you aren’t expert sewers, and want to
give some time, go to 107. Somebody’s always there to
show you what you can do. You may learn something!
There is a sewing machine and an ironing board there
for use, and right now they need seamstresses; but if
you can only push a needle through cloth, your efforts
will be appreciated. Orchids should go to Dean Nelson
also for the extension cord for the iron, for ﬁxing the
scissors. for ﬁxing the sewing machine. and for invent-
ing a way of turning the straps on the skirts . . .

Leah Tischler has a citation coming her way for
making a Defense Directory for the Rotunda. It’s an
excellent way to show visitors and students how active
we really are in war work. Jean Sears also deserves
special mention for organizing much of the material
on the defense classes and making out lists of the
students taking defense courses. . .

 

 

Eat at John's Lunch

PLATES 20:: AND UP

DELICIOUS SANDWICHES
HOME MADE ICE CREAM

7:30 A. M. TO “:00 F. M.
OPPOSITE THE HIGH SCHOOL

 

 

OTTO R. MENDE
“The College Jeweler"

108 Central Ave. Albany. N. Y.

 

 

 

r717vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvﬁ

KIMMEY’S BREAD

 (White Bread)
KLEEii - MAID WHEAT
IIOLSUII IiiiliiiKEii WHEAT

(Delicious Toasted)
J. L. KIMMEY BAKERY

Albany. N. Y.

 

World Map Outside P.O.
Donated By Administration

In case any students have been
wondering why a huge map of
the world has been hllng in the
lower corridor of Draper opposite
the Publications Office. here is
the answer. The map was pre-
sented by the administration for
the purpose of acquainting the
college with the conﬂict areas. night.

To further student knowledge
of the war, the STATE COLLEGE
News will post the front page
of a New York daily news
paper to the left of the map
every morning. At noon latest
bulletins will be posted on the
right of the map. Both the
les and the administration the house-
hope that student interest will __

and tomorrow

Potter, KB, Psi Gamma
Plan Weekend Events

Two fraternities and a sorority
are planning parties for this and
next weekend. Potter Club and Psi
Gamma plan vic parties for tonight Tuesday at 3:30 in the Lounge.
night respectively,
and Kappa Beta will have its fifth
anniversary banquet next Friday

Kappa Beta’s banquet will be held
at Howard Johnson’s from 6 P. M.
to 8 P. M. KB’s faculty members I
and the alumni will attend. Joseph man-V F01'80t-'
Levin, '43. is chairman of the ban-
quet. Following this, there will be
a dance from 9 P. M. to 12 P. M. at

Chalk up a victory for Bob Hartman and Barbara
Kerlin for the work done on the radio script of the
Victor Family. This play was presented over WABY
at 9:00 on Thursday. February 26. Bye Benton and
Carol Loucks did a great job on the production end
of it. Honorable mention goes to Bob Loucks for his
script for the Victor Family on “Edible Weeds.” Keep
your radios tuned to WABY Thursday evenings at nine
o'clock for further information on this subject . . .

Keep an ear to the groundl A little birdie whispered
to us that Soiree bids are going to be within the range
of everybody's pocketbook. and we do mean EVERY-
BODY! If this goes through. it will be “ﬁrst big step
made by the college or a group in the college for pro-
viding more entertainment and more parties for MORE
people,” according to Dean DeLaney. In times like
these, we still have to have fun, but at a lower cost
than before because of rising food prices. etc. A pat
on the back. then, for Pat Carroll, Pat Latlmer. Rich
Young. and the rest of the gay young sophomores!
The proceeds are going to go to the Red Cross. Soiree
deserves our support; let’s go!

There seems to be a misconception about the
saving of electricity by turning out all lights when not
in use. Dr. Robert Rienow, of the Social Studies
department, says that the reason for this action is to
save electricity so that the defense classes will not
have to meet in darkness. Therefore. if you turn out
the lights that you aren't using. you will be giving the
defense classes a chance to meet. “ACTIONS SPEAK
LOUDER THAN WORDS."

Forum to Give Reports

On 'Stuii at War'

Forum‘s program for the meeting
Special reports for the discussion

and Clarice Weeks and Rita Ferraro.
juniors.

The Forum is planning an assem-

to be presented March 20.

 

be awakened by this move' and
that the students will take ad-
vantage of this opportunity to
ﬁnd out what is actually going
on at the various battle fronts
of the world. Many people feel
that the student body of the
college is not sufficiently aware
of the critical situation existing
over the entire globe.

 

of Dramatics and Arts Council.
states that although two sophomore
members were chosen by the coun-
cil this year, fl esllmcn are still elig—
iblc to try out.

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD CAFETERIA

TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH

l98-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

DIAL 5-1913

ALBANY. N. Y.

A discussion on the "Stuff of War”
and a book review will complete

will be given by Janet Weitzer, '42,

Janet Baxter. '44. will review
James Shotwcll's book. “What Ger—

bly program similar to the “Town
Meeting of the Air” radio program

 

 

 

- I
4/,” '\\\\

ill

will“ if limb,

ill/1"" '

\ '

 

Tho ioeiovgood, fool-good roiromo

 

Mae'de

romeo unon auruonrv or me cocncoo courmv u
ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLlNG CO.
Albany, N. Y.

226 No. Allen St.

 

M of Ice-cold Coco-C
Is everything your thirst could oslr for. It's all you won! and
you wont it all. Nothing over equole the quality and goodness

/ i’.lll~.c~-
‘ (

 m u‘il'csilrli

/

 
 

 

  
   

You irusi lis quality

 

 

AAAAA‘AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-AAAAAAAtAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

 

Victory and“

State *  age

“8;: Page 2)

a ‘W/

  

 

 

2-443 ALBANV, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, MARCH 13, 1942

KB to Reiinquish House;
Will Move into Dormitory

Merger idea Vetoed; _ I
Fear of Future Crisis canno  Play
For Soph Soiree

Justifies Sayies’ Plan
80le Soiree will be held this year

d In an unprecedented move Sun-
ay. Kappa Beta fraternity voted on An'il 10 atlhe Aul- '
unanimously to dissolve its fraternity Cal-him, who has playefrljngt 
house at 117 So. Lake AVG. and Union and R.P.I. will furnish the
establish KB residence headquarters music for Soiree, and bids have
in Sflyles H1111 T1115 DIODOSHI was reached a new low. $1.65 per couple
adopted after a month of indecisive "The theme," Richmond Young"
deliberations in which the fraternity Genera] Chairman, stated "is 
 laced with two courses 0f secret, and will remain a secret."
Inc 0&1. The also decided upon fol- Tile following committee chairmen
owe Plesidcnt Saylcs suggestion'sl have been appointed: Arrangements
early in February. that all fl'rlternl- Committee, Mal-y Studebaker pro-
tics move into SELVIPS Hill] and StOI'C grams. Carnlelina Losurdo: Public-
l.llclr furniture untl! they are strong ity. Hunnemm Shoenv 139mm.
enough to reassemble their houses. u'ons, Doris Lichtwm-t- éhapel'ones
Mildred Wil'osloff: Music, William

The alternate proposal. feasible for Mill'smnd' Patricia Laumer'
KB members. was a move which n The price of bids." Young stated.
would ally them with SLS in the was made as low as possible for
latter's fraternity house with its two- son‘ee because we felt that during
yew, lease. But such an alliance our ﬁght for victory, expenditures
would necessitate the selling of KITS should be kept at a minimum. and
furniture with the probability that we also 16” that more swam“
it could not be regained until after Cpuld “fowl to attend a less expel"
the WM. Fm,_sigmed KB,S also feel sva dance.‘ Proceeds from Soiree
that it is impractical to Share a Will be donated to the Red Cross.
house where there may be too few
men within a year to maintain it. T .

Accordingly Harry Passow, Henry raveler m Near Ea“
Bl'aunel', seniors; Joseph Levin,
David Slavin. juniors, and Gilbert Speaks to ASSEMbiY
Snyder, ’44. members of the KB
housing committee under the cllalr- DY- JOHN S. Bademl. Dean of tho
manshlp of Harold Feigenbaum. '43. College of the American University
were authorized to complete all nlov- ﬂi' Cilil'O. Eg'let. Spoke to the stu-
ing arrangements by April 15. The dent body in this morning's us-
fl'atcrnity plans to move on or about sembly.
the ﬁrst of May, because. otherwise, Donn Budellu has spent a large
the burden of moving will fall only part of his life in the Near East.
upon the seniors who remain after New on leave ill America. he left
June 1. Egypt on the last American boat
T" “we Clubmom jto sail! from the Mediterranean dur-

A clllbroonl lo the dorm will be set “g 510 summer or 1940' and plans
aside for the exclusive use of the Li) return i0 ms work m Egypt as
members of KB. It is expected that won as it IS fen-9”?”-
tho solidarity of the fraternity will During his PM”! Stay in America
be further secured by the segmgm Dclln Badeaus speaking tours has
“on 01. a block 01. moms to be used taken him to Brown University, Ull—
lls Kappa Beta living quarters. With 10" couege' Romwsm‘ UmVOFSIL-V'
“1080 advantages President Harry Hoicllklss School. and Phillips-And-
Pussow hopes “that the move will be "W" AL 13'" FOSdlck'S Chum“ 1”
for me best}. New York he gave a series of three
lectures on Molnlnncdmllsm. In his
visit to Albany this week. he has ud-
dl'csscd scvcl‘ul Ol'gunimltions includ—
ing the Albany Foreign Policy As-
socillllon and lllc First Presbyterian
Church.

 

Alternate Proposal

Junior Rings on Sale

Tuesday in Draper Hail

Juniors will be Ewen ,m Opium ‘ A graduate ill civil engineering
(unity to pul'clnlsc their college rings “'m“ Dim)“ Comb“ SCi“"“"‘i‘1‘l-‘"
Tmmdny‘ Mum“ 17‘ A lTlnwmmuh N. Y.. Donn Budcuu llvcd scvcl'ul
livc from Gleason and Company. the yum.” 1“ Imq “ml” the mini“ MM"
oll‘lciul college jcwolcl‘s. will be stu- “pmmmm .Mlﬁﬁmn' Since H mm
iloncd ill the Rotunda from 10 A. M. ““icmsm'y my mm m Spend ” mm“
um” 2 P. M_ m Lulu. “u. orders. . share of his [line ill sll]lel'illtcndlllg

This yum. Junk)” u“, “med m the (‘l‘l‘ffiinll of missionlnlildings. llc
()l‘tii‘l‘ tllcil' rings as soon as possible, (“My Mimi.“ “‘0 (unkilm Ammc
slllcc only a lllllltcd qlullliliy of onyx hmmmm" 1“ 1934 h" 1“” Tm“ “mi
“(mm is umuumﬂ AWL [Hummus llcclllnc u llll‘llli.)(‘l' of the faculty of
ill lllc rings which are uscd lllollg “w Ami'ﬂ‘m” Unlvm'suy "i’ Cmm‘
with file gold lli‘i' vital lo the dcfcnsc “ml [0" “19.1m‘“ two you” 11”“ “W”
illdllsll'lcs. For this reason the ])l‘()- “1" Don” M “w Couch“
duction of rings may bc cul'lnilcd
willllll lllo ncxl. few lllolllils.

The prices of the rings are $9. $10.
"mi 3411 pills i'cdcl'ni tux. A $2 dc-
posil. is required at tile illllc tllc

()l'(i(‘l‘ is placed.
"1 llllvml'l. had time yct in sec

 Plans Discuss'on much of the school but judging by
on Teachmg Requ'sites mymlhsi llllplcssioll. l liko Sllnc

bottcr than other schools

where l have worked. 'I‘llcl'o's on
Is iili‘ topic which has been chosen inure”. “"""."’"" ulmmmt mm]:
by Kllllllll Phi Kappa. Nutlonul Ecin- hum.“ Miles" (" Bukm" me new 0mm
cation li‘rulcrnity. for discussion at imbimum‘ u" fqmi’u' Mr' Baku" “m”
its next lllcclillg to be held ill Sayles 1"“ “"0" “‘3’” 511100 Mﬂl'Cll 1. pre—
m,“ (m Thursday. March 19' M 8 viously hcld ll civil service job In
P. M. The discussion will be led by a weswhusmr 00mm, for “we Wurs‘
"round—up" gloup of various high Expressing appreciation for the
school ‘superintendents and prill» cooperation he has received since
clpllls from nearby areas.
In the near future, Kappa Phi he thinks he is going to like his job
Kappa plans tentatively to present especially since everyone seems to

by .Icllnuotto Slllly

"Wlult We Expect of Our ’llcucllol's”

Baker, New Chief Engineer, Likes State,
But Finds Too Much Hustle and Bustle

bios is llol‘scbuck-l'lding although he
has been too busy since ills Ill'l‘iVili
ill Alblllly to do lllucll ulolu,r this '

line. He also likes to delve into dif— State sn‘dents  sec
i'cl'ent things pertaining to engineer—
ing. with a thought to keeping up
with modern engineering practices
as Il|)j)iiL(‘i today. "In the future." he torcstcd ill llollle-llurslllg will be
declared. "I hope to be able to make shown Tuesday and Wednesday at
this plant a little more lllodern and 8 PM. There will be four short
{lifgclcllthl feel it is one of my duties features. sponsored by the New York
‘0 0 so.

Jones in Position

Oi Post-Warden

 

New Defense Duties
Cause Change in Head

In order Ill prcm-n'l- Iin- vulillliy
unyom- for the "powers.

of Iilc lost you are asked noi to consult

l'lucc lilo correct nunu‘crs to illc qucailon In column ll In_IiIl- proper binnlul

Ill (‘olumn I.

Dr. Louis C. Jones. Instructor in (."hmm I

English, will relinquish his duties as
post-warden of the college after the
Spring recess. He will be succeeded
by Dr. Minnie B. Scotland. Assistant
Professor of Science, who has re-
cently completed a post-warden
course at the college.

Dr. Jones requested that he be
relieved of this position. since he
has undertaken ill addition the . (s'mnM'A
supervision of radio script produc— “Ii-“HM

(SINGAPORE) 2

a:

. (li.\N(-‘00N)
Jupnncnc, is

. (I‘li‘l'lHMilt)

.7!
‘7'

tion, which requires a weekly tul'n- II. (DARWIN) (I. M
out of three scripts. mm": In “0"”:
“My job was to get things started,” _ I, , ""'"'""”"'
isaylrls Dr. Jones. “State's residence "( “MM 7' “MW”, .,,,,,..,,’,
la ' - ' l ' i
s are now well organized for ,L “ﬂux” N

short blackouts.”
It will be the duty of Dr. Scotland 1.
to continue the supervision of the

KAI-hill Iii“)

n II lli\'i‘l‘I~ill I'.\'.

group houses, the next; problem being In. (I'ltICHIIHdN'I‘ I0. “'l‘lwsc llI'i' illc (inn-n illlli icy IIII'II'N HIHIIH." 1‘
lion wns nscd ill in rcccni spcccil by

to provide permanent rooms for long """M‘JV'G'AW

(.‘olumn II

I. (llA’l‘AAN) I. (Icm-rni MacArthur and iIiN forum are fighting on the
E.—

I'cnlnuulu.

. ———————, on important mn'lll illIM‘ on the tip of the
.\Iulny I'I'IlilIHlliil, was rcccuily occule-rl by file anunuso.

.'l‘ilc llll'gosi scnpori In liurum, now Illl'i‘llii'lli'ii by the

.’I‘lll- I‘lliicd Sluics bus ‘ut‘III ll sclonIiIic liml Iccilnical
mission to “a ll country Ill Nillliil America.
to ussisl ill propurini: n bus.» of vital illlllilriillli'l! to the
lici'cnkc of llIc

“‘l-sicrn "l'lllihliili'l‘i'.

. The Russian Army bus irnppl-d ilu- ('crnmn (I
of "0.000 mun in the —— l I "I “rmy

———- sector.

, Iill' only nnrnl bum- in Northern Ansl-
NIIiiJI‘i'II'I’ io consinni bombings by the

un inlporinlli city In occupied li'runcc, min
I on Mllrcil 1i by the "Milan.

on u rcccnt trip in India. lulvoouted

o "— ' I
dominion slut in for that country.
(bi’l‘ll) i). 'I'Ilc licll Army recently celebrated its ———-————-

Ills quota-

blackouts. Il. (DONALD II. .\ nuiionlli commission has been not up to award llliillﬂlli

Dr. Scotland has been working N”me

with Dr. Jones for two weeks to learn
from actual experience the problems I2. (2. I‘
that confront the post-warden.

An investigation was conducted Ill- (HITCH “i-
last Saturday on the efficiency of the
group houses during blackouts. It "" ‘”""“"“"“’ "i'
was discovered that the majority of
residence halls had taken proper
precaution and full co-operation of

 

 

~'. ’I‘Ilo Hillic Logiuluiuro In cxpcciud to restore the
cut ill (be cliuclltlon budget oi' the lust llm'ul ycnr.

uml distinctions to innIqullcturoru Illlli workcru who go
(H'I'l' their production uuoin. 'l‘ills fur-t won n-vcnlcd by

in n rmilo spcccli.

 

%

In an Important American nllvlll ililtio In

ll.iltli()li) Iill' \vcslcrn purl of the Aleutian Islands.

—-——-——‘ t, on the island of Java, bl illc Illrlrcst Illu'ill
blow of file l “"0” Nations north of Auuil'uliu.

To determine the interest of State College students in important

1101,89 wardens and Students was foreign and domestic news events, a Current Events Quiz, sponsored by
assured. Some of the houses. how- the NEWS, was conducted in last Friday’s assembly.

ever. need additional improvement
and steps will be taken to insure
their protection.

It was discovered that from the distribution of approximately 760
test copies, only IoO were returned. This fact seems to indicate an

Dr. Scotland is nwnmng informa. indifference and unwillingness to display ignorance among a majority
tion from the City Defense Council of students toward polls of this type and ii consequent disinterest in

on longer blackouts. In the event of
a blackout extending beyond the
usual 20 minute period, Dr. Scotland
says, “It is our problem now to pro-

vide permanent rooms for study, Newman  Sponsor
mnusement—qlnd dates. of course." A I I . I
Dr. Jones and Miss Sara T. DeLaney. nnuai Harp 3 Riot
Dean of Women. will continue to
assist Dr. Scotland.

current events ill gcncml.

 

St. Patrick’s day will be ushered
ill tomorrow with the annual Hurp’s
Riot. sponsored by Newman Club.

Grad Writes Article The dance will be held in the Page
Hall nuditorlun'l from 9 to 12 PM,

in Defense 0‘ comics and will feature the music of Bill

Jane Sherwood Wilson. '40, librar- Grimm“ mid “15 Ol'Cl‘CSLm-
ion of tho Scollu Junior High School. Em’crmmmcm W1“ “mimic the
has just completed an article writ- “hitting and playing Of Old Ill-“‘1‘
ten ill collaboration with Gwilllcru ballads and liii'i’i'bug VCI'SIOHS 01‘
Williams. ’38, libl'ul'inn of the Scllo- Iii-“h jig-"'- FiWO‘“ Wm “‘3 (“Hil'ilﬁlied
noctudy Public Library. The article. ['0 “‘wh couple “"0" “Minna”
entitled “They Like If. Rough; Ill Bids “‘“l’ b“ lilli'iihii-‘im “‘1 iii-75 i’i‘i'
1301'th. of u“, (yummy! will he couple. and no slugs will be allowed.
printed in up. Mum-h 1 issue or The General cllnil'llnlll for the affair is
“hm,” J,,,,,-,,,,,(I Katlllcon Martin, “13; ill charge of
,. publicity is Marlon Mullzol'. ’45.
. favors. Vil'gllllu Polllclllus. '42. tickets,
Nelson Issues FACUIW NOi'ce Dorothy Cox. “l3. dccoruiion, Vincclli.

liccnuso of the follow of many Pill)“. "i4~
students lo lll‘l'iVi‘ of. classes on time, Clllllll‘l'mll‘ﬁ 1'01' ill“ (“Will “1'0 131'.
a notice was issued to the faculty DOllllIil V. Smith, pl‘ol’cssol‘ of Social
lllclllbcl's on March 9, suggesting Stlldil‘ﬁ mid MI‘H- Billliii. mid 131'.
[but [only students be cxcludcd from Rillllil 11- Bllki‘l'. illﬁil‘lIUI/UI' in SOCIH]
iili‘ class and counch us absent. SillKiii‘SJUli’iMI‘S.13Ili{l¥l'.
Extended absences without cxcusc Fl'Od Fol'l'ih‘. '42, President of New-
wlll l'csuli. ill dismissal. lllllll Club, announced that proper
precautions lluvc bocn taken ill the
cvclli. of ll blackout. “First of all."
he said. "no slugs are allowed: scc~
olldly, rules for behavior ill case of
ii blackout will be announced bci’orc
the dance: and lastly. lilll Grlltilln
lllld Ills ol'cllcslru will play during
that period to build up lllol'alo.“

One of Mr. Iillkcr's favorite Ilob—

Home-Nursing Movies

Mi)\’illg'~[liilllll‘0:~l for all those Ill-

Stllte Department. Cancer, tubercu-
Accustomcd to the peace and quiet losls. care of babies, prevention of

1 of the village of Warwick. where he accidents ill the home are among the
has been here, Mr. Baker said that lived, his one criticism of Albany is subjects of the ﬁlms.

that there's too much hustle and
bustle. “Ill some sections of Albany prove beneficial to students of home-

It is hoped that the program will

an open meeting for the student understand his problems and tries it seems that everytlling's always nursing as well as a source of gen-

body. to help him.

Jumping." he declared.

eral. practical information to others.

The quiz was marked on a score of
98 for a perfect paper. Statements
left blank were counted as incor-
l'cct.

Tabulation of the 160 tests showed
that the oval-age score obtained was
42, or 8 incorrect answers out of 14.
With 70 considered as a passing
score. it was found that approxi-
mately 72'); of the students failed.
only 28% receiving a score of '70 or
over. Inadequate knowledge of the
facts. all of which have made the
recent headlines, tends to illustrate
again a decided lack of student
interest ill newspapers. news broad-
casts. and all other adequate chan-
nels of information giving tllc latest
news dcvclopmcnts.
ﬁne “as l'cri'cci Score

Only 1 student received a per-
l‘cct mark: scvcn students answered
all 14 questions wrong.

Question (21 ulld ('7) ull’ordcd stu-
dents the least difficulty. only 5
pcoplc unswcl'lng l2) and (7) incor-
rectly.

The first question. deemed the
cusicsl. bocnusc of duily appearance
ill ulI llou'spllpcl's. was failed by 12
pcoplc, lil students leaving the
nnswol' blllllk. Forty-two llllspclllllgs
occurrch ranging all the way from
“Baton” to "Baton". One student
answm'cd the question correctly, then
added, “You ain’t kiddlll I"

The fifth question was most buf-
lllllg to sludcnis. 76 falling to unswor
the question and (if) lll‘lswm'lllg Incor—
rcctly.

iii) Filii Question 4

The fourth question, lloulovor. dis~
played more incorrect answors than
the others. 80 students falling. and
56 leaving it unanswered. Mlllly sill-
dents resorted to guesswork. llchver,
and "Brazil" was the most frequent
illlswor.

Only lli‘iy-tilrcc prospective teucll-
are obtained the correct answer to
(12). 'l‘llirty-tw0 students declared
the State legislature expects to re-
store a 10% cut in the budget ap~
propriatlon for education. -

The quiz printed above was com-
plied by the News war front analyst.
H. B. Felgenbauul and David alavia.
associate editor.

VOL. XXVI, NO. 21

Scotland Replaces NEWS  Resuks Reveal 
Disinterest in Current Events.

CURRENT EVENTS dUiZ
(March 7, 1942)

     
 
  
 
    
  
 
  
  
  

   
   
     

  
  
   
 
   
     
     
    
        
         
   
      
       
       
             
           
           
          
         
        
            
         
         
    

 

  
     
     
       
    

 

   
    
 

 

   
       
    
        
       
       
         
         
         
          
  
    
   
     
  
      
     
      
        
    

 

  
     
       
     
      
      
       
             
   
   
    
      
   
   
    
    
  
   
      
    
  
   
   
  
   
     
     
    

