 
  

 

     
     

 STATE COLLEGE NEWS 521':
' Established May, 1916
By the Class of 1918

‘ Vol. XXV Friday, April 20, 1041 No. 23
Distributor

Member
Associated Collegiate Praaa Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for ’ cut-hers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Office, 5-0373; Murray, W'fd 208-M; Clark, 4-0373

Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postoﬂtce.

            
    

 

IIPIIIINTID POI NATIONAL ADVIIYIIINO IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Palllsban Representative

420 MADIION Ava. NEW YORK. N. V.
culcsoo - aoaroa - Los Allllll - an Fulclaco

The News Board

 

JOHN A. MURRAY _ - EDITOR-IN-CHIIF
IEATRICE A. DOWER - _ - co-MANAGING EDITOR
STEPHEN A. KUSAK _ _ CID-MANAGING EDITOR
RALPH CLARK _ - _ - BUSINESS MANAGER
BETTY PARROTT _ - _ - ADVERTISING MANAGER
JAMES MALONEY - _ .. _ - sPORTs EDITOR
WILLIAM DORRANCE _ _ _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR

EDWIN HOLSTEIN .. .. _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
HARRY PASSOW _ - _ .. ASSOCIATE EDITOR

WI

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon re uest.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsi ility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications,
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

The Campaign Bottleneck

Section 8, part ((1) of the By-laws of the Con-
stitution of Student Association says: “The com-
mission (Election Commission) shall regulate and
supervise pre-voting activities, including assembly
nominations and acceptance speeches.”

In that vague, simple sentence lies the most
deadly power given to any association commission,
for that commission has taken it upon itself to dis-
qualify any candidate not conforming to its acts.
Nowhere does the constitution give it this power.
By so doing the commission over-steps its bounds,
stilling and strangling instead of regulating.

There are issues in our student government that
need a public airing, yet if any one candidate should
challenge his opponent to a debate (as Mr. Molin-
eux suggests), Election Commission would dis-
qualify him. This does not set well with free demo-
cratic election principles.

Our elections are not interesting to students as
the low voting percentages testify. In other colleges
of much greater enrollment the whole student body
votes because it is aroused; it knows what it is vot-
ing for; it wants to see improvement in student
government instead of stagnation.

Election Commission, however, substitutes for
any spirit of candidate competition two measly,
unimportant, and unimposing posters for each can-
didate and a host of boring sedatives in Assembly
called “acceptance speeches.” The commission
cannot very well regulate what it, by usurped power,
forbids to take place: i.e. pre-voting activities.

Since the Election Commission has failed in its
function, since it furthermore kills rather than cre-
ates, since it cannot possibly justify its existence
under present conditions, Student Association should
use Section 8, part (c) of the By-laws (giving a
majority of students veto power over the acts of
the commission) and veto the whole set-up. Abolish
Election Commission and give the candidates a
chance to show the Association what makes it run
(or fail to run).

The Albany Plan

A milestone that may prove to be as legendary
at State College as the l9l4 conversion of Albany
Normal School to a liberal arts teacher’s college has
been reached this past year by the faculty and
administration of this collcrc. As released by the
office of the Dean this week, the “Albany Plan”
for a five your teacher training program is without
a doubt a trail-blazer in the educational field.

llcspitc the temptation, the writcrs of the plan
have carefully skirted any tendency toward over-
spccializatiou in thc five year program. Students
will be well versed in four fields rather than two,
and, as a result, will receive a much better educa-
tion than the ordinary State graduate who receives
his master's degree here or somewhere else. In
turn, they will he better teachers.

1" or years, some educators have charged that the
average teacher is a culturally shallow individual.
They have maintained that too many graduates
of teacher-training institutions carry their narrow
backgrounds into the classroom with them. Even
in State College, departmental rccluses, who know
little, if anything, beyond their own field, may be
found among undergraduates.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL 25, 1941

The Great Peculation

 

by Jaspa'rMolinaux, NEWS Political Editor

 

This is the second in a series of six articles by Mr. Molineux presenting
a personal analysis of the forthcoming Student Association, class, and
organization elections. Molineux to given the widerrt latitude as author
of these political interpretations although his opinions do not necessarily
reflect those of the Scars Cotcsoc News.

 

_Two things occupied the point-9
cal scene this week and are some-i

included the $300 mandatory in-

what connected. The first is the crease in the inﬁrmary fund- When

passed, but. far from forgotten budg-
et and the second, the somewhat hid-
den connection of it to the outcome
of the forthcoming presidential con-
test.

As for the budget, the Student As-
sociation should be ashamed for its
lack of interest; in general, its bick-
ering, and its laziness in allowing
a budget to go through that is un-
necessarily large. Briefly the activi-
ties put one over on the students in
that they were absolutely prepared
for the questions put to them. The
students who asked questions did so
without any way of actually pin-
ning the activity representative
down. Long financial reports were
read and the student had to accept
them because they knew of no way
to challenge them. Obviously the
activities could have gotten almost
as much money as they wanted
simply by fast talking. The students
are so ignorant of what is done with
the money in their tax that all they
could do was to bicker to cover
their ignorance. So much valuable
time was wasted by this bickering
that the students were glad of the
chance to vote for the budget as a
whole instead of “ad seriatim.” Mr.
Murray hit the nail on the head
and was almost laughed at when
he said that voting on the budget;
as a whole was an “extremely lazy
way of proceding.”

Students Set For Sprint

The whole trouble lies in the fact
that State students sit on the edge
of their seats in assembly ready to
sprint to lunch. The apathy shown
is Justification for making attend-
ance compulsory. It seems almost
inane, but it is nevertheless true
that, the supposedly adult State
students have to be forced to taking
an interest in what happens to their
money. Those who are In activities
are in them for the fun of it. Na-
turally. larger budgets will make
larger programs pussible and a cor-
responding increase in the enjoy-
ment of working on an activity. It
is the function of the students to
know enough about the extraclass
program to act as a check on activi-
ties requests for money.

In this case their stagnation has
made it impossible for them to car-
ry out this function. Unless, in fu-
ture cases students are interested.
activities may gain complete control
and abrogate the democratic prin-
ciple on which the association is
founded.

$2000 Increase Needless

The activities operated roughly
on $11,400 this past year. When it
was believed that only 900 payments
were possible next year; an increase
of $13.00 would have provided for a
$11,700 budget which would have

it became known that there would
be 1000 payments, the association
completely neglected its past ex-
; perlence and passed a budget which
provided for an increase to $14.00
tax and a budget which was an in-
crease even over the budgets asked
for last year by the organizations.
1000 payments of $12.00 each would
have provided $12,000. The activities
could have operated on the same
budgets and provide the same pro-
gram as they provided this year.
the necessary mandatory increases
of $600.00 could have been made——
and the budget could still have
been balanced. The last time an
increase was made in the student
tax. the students were given some-
thing for their money. $1.00 was
added to the tax and the students
were given the Pcdagogne. Another
$1.00 was added and the students
were given a $15.00 inflrmary fund
instead of the $10.00 fund. This
year an increase of $2.00 has been
made. The students have passed a
budget for over $14,000 and are get-
ting the same thing they could haVe
gotten for $12,000. Simply stated,
the Student Association has been
swindled out of the sum of $2,000.

Walrath on the rostrum Friday. Mr.
lebets, a candidate for president.
had a beautiful advantage in front
of the students that Friday. Wheth-
er or not he took full advantage of
his opportunity over his opponents
will be decided this week in voting.

Speech Order Changed

Some students have been wonder-
ing why election commission has
made a sudden change in the order
of the campaign speeches to be de-
livered ln assembly this morning. In
past years, the order has been secre-
tary, vice-president, and finally
president. At the request of Debate
Council, the order has been revers-
ed by election commission so that
the presidential candidates will
speak first. Immediately upon the
completion of his three-minute
speech. Mr. Passow will jump into a.
waiting taxi which will take him
to the Empire State Express in order
that he may be in time to introduce
his bill at; the New York State Stu-
dent; Conference on Public Affairs
at; Rochester. Mr. Passow's bill pro-
vides for “Free University Education
for All Deservlng Students in New
York State.”

Again. the three-minute limita-
tion will work a hardship on those
candidates who really have a pro-
gram to present. What; would give
the students something to think
about would be a few debates on
major issues of the campaign. Hold
them where and when you will and
the students will come, listen. and

 

appraise sensibly and fairly.

 

The Weekly Bulletin

DIPLOMA Ifl'llt}

Seniors can pay their l‘lvr- dollar fee
for diplomas and touching certificates
to Mr. lioyo any limo before May 15.

Roy MI'Crt-ury, "Ii.
i'reuldont.
ruo'roonamr DEADLINE

The deadline for students submitting
photographs for tile sludcnt oxhihit ls
.\prli 28. Minimum size of prints is
:l" x l." Photographs should be given
to villa-r one of the co-chulrmcn.

It‘lorouco Ilulmay,
lIiIInIdm Moillvonu,
('ON’I‘IGH'I‘ DEADLINE
llllllt‘l'Kl'IllllllIll'H who are purllclplltllll-t
in lho Leah Lovonholm l’rlno t‘ontosl
must have their short slorlos ill by
.\lu,\' I
Dr. Hillside Mollwnlno.
Professor of English.

I'I'IIIIII‘I'I‘V l“till H'I‘.\'l‘l'l

'l‘ho prol'I-u'nlounl. Nilt'llll, and recrea—
lionnl nI-Ilrlllcs of Hlult- I'tlllt‘Ht' \vlll
111' shown plcloriullr in an I-nrly issui-
of “New York Slnlo I'lducullou.” ll
will be lililll't‘i'llllt‘tl if all sllldculs who
mm- good phologruplm ol‘ lv‘II-meun
l‘ulup lli'c, tilllll‘lll'li, i'h-ld Ii'llIH, llIitl
the like. suhmll lhom to In“.

lir. Iioltoll,
Professor of Mathematics.

FOR MEN ONLY
Any froshnu-u Interested in applying
for lhv position of Assistant Manager
of baseball please see me.
Louis (lrcunspun,
Manager.

MIA
SSA revolve will he held Monday and
'l‘ncsday in the lower hall of lirapcr.

 

'l‘hcl‘c will be u [Hilch discussion on
miucaliou at the \Vt't'lil)‘ meeting of
I‘luh X at 'l‘liusrluy noon.
Robert. I“. I‘KIII'.
l'rouldonl.

HOI‘IAL CALENDAR
Apr.‘.’.‘r~.lnnlor (floss liloollug, nudi-
torlum, l1! M.
.-\pr.2.'r li‘rosh t‘horuu. Lounge. :l::lo
l'. M.

Apr. Ell t'oilvgc Round Table. nudi-
lorlum. to A. M.

Apr. 'Jll \I'ron llall l-‘ormul, \\'rI~u
Hull. 0 i'. M.

.\pr.‘.’lle‘.‘7 llologulos lo ullend New-
man I‘luh ll‘vdorallon t‘onl‘urom-o lli
Syracuse llnivorslly.

.\pr. :07 (‘Iuh N Meeting. Lounge. 1:: M.

.\pr. 20 Newman t‘Iub Vie l‘onrert.
Lounge. ll::i0 i'. M.

Apr. 20 li‘rosh liohnll- Molding. lioolll
128. lizlitl l'. M.

.\pr. :30 French l‘luh Molding, Lounge.
7:00 1'. .\l.

Apr. .‘itl t‘luxsicnl t‘luh M o wt in g,
Lounge. 7:30 l'. M.

.\pr Ilu ltolIor-uhallm: l'nrly. Seniors,
.\l|d t‘ll,\' ltlnh. 7:00 I'. M.

Maj | lulorunllonnl livlnllous t‘lllh,
Lounge .‘i;litl l’. l .

May I'lu-ss t‘luh ill-cling, lloom till-i.
l' l

l

Tziltl . . .

.\In.\l \‘I-wmnu l‘luh Moi-ling. New»
qun llnli. 721i“ 1‘. M. ltound 'I‘nhh-
discussion on “tlld Molds," llunc»
ing and l'cl‘rl-snulouls.
Marl Varsity llnbulo wllh Mlddlw
bury t‘olloge. Loungo, 8:30 l’. M.
May lti Discussion on t‘uthollv NI'X
moralin for girls by "UV. William
l'uhlll. Newman llnll. 3:30 1’. M.

May '10 t‘alhollc sex morality tllh’t‘llh'r
slon for boys, Newman Iiall. .‘l:.'ltl
1'. M.

 

It was unusual not to see Mr;

 

The Band Plague

The Commenistater———-—'

Everyone who knows about it is sick of it and every-
one who hes had anything to do with it is completely
fed up. Every year, the several colleges in this district,
as in other districts, sponsor a number of formal
dances—dances which require music and consequently
the services of fairly decent bands. There are, of
course, agents in this district who pay rather high
income taxes as a result of monies collected as com-
missions for supplying these colleges with musical
organizations. On the surface, the setup is a rather
nice one—except for one big fallacy, namely—music
committees seeking dance bands invariably end up
with an outfit that they had not agreed to in the
beginning and were forced to accept because of con-
tract obligations and the pressure of time. These are
not idle words—for details, the chairmen of music
committees for the major formals of this year have
on record sheaths of telegrams, letters, and exchanges.
The “following instances are but brief examples to
illustrate the point.

The junior class this year dealt with agents whom
we shall call Smith and Jones. These men promised
the music of “Red” Nichols and his band for the
February let affair. Long days of waiting. worrying,

telephoning, conversations, telegrams, and

 

Worry letters about the Nichols contract brought
and only excuses from our reassuring agents
Wait and promises of speedy action. Finally

came an announcement that; “Red” Nichols
had no band! Barred by a contract clause promising
to deal with one agent, Matthews was forced to sign Al
Kavelin, a more obscure band. The climax to the
affair came with the two agents, who had previously
tried to out each other's throats, calling each other
crooks. each claiming commission money. They were
not far wrong in the names they were calling each
other and the whole affair left a. nasty odor in the
noses of many.

Soiree offered a repeat performance with one of
the aforementioned agents. They had profited by the
experiences of the Prom committee, and made an
agreement releasing the committee from the clutches
of the agent if not satisfied by an agreed-upon date.
They went through the sensations of nearly hiring
Dean Hudson, Dick Rogers, and Terry Shand~and
finally gave up in disgust when the final signings fell
through time after time. Fortunately Bill Grattan’s

fine performance at; the swing concert,
Grattan was still fresh in the minds of students
Saves and old standby Bob Reid was available.
Sophomores The Sophomores were pulled out of the

position of having no band a dozen days
before the dance. The Soiree committee not only
pulled Soiree out of the fire but came through with
the largest crowd in years and a neat profit—something
like stumbling over an object and picking it up only
to find it a pocketbook full of bills.

The malignant; growth of swindllng agents is not
confined to State. RPI and Union ran the gauntlet
of hiring the Dorsey brothers, Tommy and Jimmy, only
to find that Jimmy had an option in his contract with
the Strand Theater in New York which made it im-
posible for him to play on that day while Tommy had
accepted another engagement on another option at
VMI for $4500. Naturally the agents knew about the
options, but greedy for the healthy commission they
get as contracting agents, they completely forgot to
mention the option to the college committees. It is
easy to see how this detail might have been overlooked,
however. Legal actions were contemplated, but were
finally dropped when it became evident that such
actions would have tied the hands of the committees
and prevented the signing of another band in time
for the formal.

There are two distinctive points to this invective
tirade which should be made at this time. First. we
should not sit back and allow ourselves to be stepped
on by unscrupulous agents as we have for altogether
too many formals. Future committees should feel
bound to deal only with the agents of the Individual
bands or the band leader himself. They must, by all
means. steer clear of all free lance agents who have

continually promised but failed to produce.

Legal The college student agent; has time and
Ropes time again proven himself no match for
Strangle an agent who is acquainted with the legal

ropes by which the agent can strangle the
college committees into submission and “commission.”
Perhaps some enterprising college students in this dis-
trict might form an agency and do themselves and the
district colleges a good turn.

The fact that 165 couples. the largest group in
attendance in years. enjoyed themselves is ample con-
crete evidence that a name does not make a band.
Either Gruttan or Reid was better than any of the
so-cnllcd numc bands we have had In past years. se-
cured through professional agents. Had the Soiree
contracted for only one of the hands. it. is probable
that the Soiree-goers would have felt. that; their $2.20
was well Invested. not even begrudgtng the $.20 tax.
Seldom, if ever, in past; years have formnls fulfilled the

number of sets promised on the programs——

Cheap Soiree, with its continuous dancing gave
liunds the dancers more than was promised.
Satisfy Briefly stated, two bands, neither of which

is known outside the Capital District. wore
tlblo individually to attract and satisfy a larger crowd
than ever before at a reduced price within reach of
the State College student's pocketbook.

Another vice not; mentioned is the practice of send-
ing the. leader of It well known orchestra together with
an orchestra. not; his own. but; rather a pick-up group
of the agent. This possibility is eliminated with Cup-
ltnl District. orchestras. For a specific instance of this
vice, tho Intersorortty Bull committee for last your has
definite data.

The case is a clear one against professional agents
who have continually defrauded and swindled college
music committees. The sooner our formal music com-
mittees contract with Capital District bands of known
quality and scruples, the better music we shall have all
our forlnuls and the price will be within reach of chi

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, APRIL IS, 1941

  

 

Area Educators
Will Investigate
Defense Allairs

State Faculty Members Head
Sectional Discussion Groups
OI 17th Conference Here

Area educators will meet at the
college tomorrow at 10 A. M. for
the 17th annual Round Table Con-
ference. Dr. Robert Frederick, Prln-
cipal of Milne High School, is gen-
eral chairman.

Covering every phase of educa—
tion the conference will discuss na-
tional defense through mathematics,
industrial arts, regional literature,
etc.

Guest speaker in the French sec-
tion, in Room 28, Richardson Hall
of which Dr. Thomas G. Bcrgin.‘
Professor of Romance Languages. is
chairman, will be Henry Daymont.

Huston to Speak

Dr. Harry Blrchenough. chairman
of the math3matlcs section in Drap-

 

er Hall. Room 206, at 10 A. M., will.
introduce Dr. Ralph Huston of RPI,‘,
speaking on “The Use of Elementary}
Mathematics in Making and Break-
ing Codes." '

Especially interesting in the light
of world events will be a talk by
Dr. Mary A. Goggin, Instructor in
Latin. on “Greece, 9. Year at the
American School at Athens." Dr.
Edith 0. Wallace. Assistant Profes-
sor of Latin, is chairman of the
classical section in Room 111 of
Draper Hall.

A study of Southern literature,
“The Colonel. Uncle Remus and
Jeeter Lester, or Literature Below
the Line," will be presented to the
English and Library group by Dr.
Shields McIlwaine. Assistant Pro—
fessor of English in the Milne
Library. Dr. Harry W. Hastings.
Head of the English department. is
section chairman.

Moose Chairman

Also participating from the facul-
ty of Milne High School will be
Dr. Carleton A. Moose, Assistant
Professor and Supervisor in Science,
who will discuss plans for next
year for the State College Film
Loan Library. as chairman of the
science section to be held in the
Milne Little Theatre. Clarence Hid-
ley. Assistant Professor of History
in State College, chairman of the
joint commerce-social studies meet;-
ing in the Lounge introducing a lec—
ture on “Soclo—Economic Problems
Taught. by the Workshop Method."
by John Fitzgerald of Wethersficld.
Connecticut. ,

Members of Service Fraternity will
act as guides for visitors.

——Student Elections

 

 

(Continued from page 1, column I)
president. and Kathryn Herdman.
,44 candidate for secretary. will not
speak.

In addition to the general elec-
tions, this week and next also bring
all the organizational elections
within the college. Since all results
must. be presented to Myskanla for
certification by Thursday. all the
organizations such as Nuws, Dra-
mnttcs and Arts Council, and De-
bate Council and others securing
Student Association support. are
obliged to hold their elections
early next Week.

With the elections comes what. is
virtually the end of the allied—cur-
ricular year. Next. Friday morning's
Assembly will be the last. one of
the year which will be devoted to
business. The report of the com:
mittee investigating the Student
Association constitution in regard to
the five-year plan will be discussed
at thnt. time.

Summer Jobs Available
For Students at PTEB

A. Harry Passow, ’42, Director of
the Part-Time Employment Bureau,
announced this week that the Bu-
reau has sent out 350 reply cards
to prospective summer employers.
and that answers have been com-
ing in, offering many kinds of posi-
tions.

All those who are interested in
applying for summer work are urg-
ed to apply at the PTEB office, 110
Draper, beginning today. The Bu-
reau asks that all applications be
in by the early part of next. week.

All the leads for summer work
will be posted on the small bulle-
tin board to the left of the en-
trance to the PTEB office. A variety
of positions are now waiting to be
filled. They include musicians, wait-
ers, waitresses, masters of ceremon-
ies. sports directors. hostesses, coun-
termen. carpenters, and handymen.
Some of these positions pay excel-
lent salaries.

Passow also stated that exper-
ience will not be necessary for all
these positions. Applicants interest-
cd may call at the PTEB office for
particulars.

—-Five Year Plan

(Continued from page 1, column 5)

hours in Educational Research Prob-
lems; a three-hour seminar in Edu-
cation, and six hours in advanced
campus teaching.

The second semester will comprise
subject matter courses exclusively;
that is. specialization in the student’s
chosen field of study. Research. in
Albany or any other suitable place.
class meetings, and seminars will
combine to add substance to the
foundation studies of each person’s
major and minor interests.

Degrees Presented

Bachelor's and Master’s degrees
will be awarded upon the completion
of the five-year program. No degree
can be given at the end of four
years. because State College degrees
carry with them teaching licenses.
It is obvious that distributing degrees
at the end of four years. even though
requirements for the Bachelor's de-
gree (124 hours) are completed,
would mean the death of State Col-
lege as a teacher—training institu-
tion, as it would permit; entrance of
men and women who have no idea
of studying further than for the Arts
diploma.

Dean Will Not Teach

Removal of all school administra-
tion courses and guidance from the
curriculum means the absence of
Dr. Nelson from the teaching faculty
for the first time in 16 years. These
subjects. designed for school princi-
pals and superintendents. will hence-
forth be offered only in summer
session at State, for "sixth year"
people.

Transfer students may apply for
admission. but those having an In-
sufficient number of credit hours in
Education will have to study for
another year and a half after grad-
uation from the under—graduate col-
lege. to be eligible for teacher certi-
fication.

 

Eat at John's Lunch
DINNERS 25C AND UP
DELICIOUS SANDWICHES
AND SUNDAES
7:30 A. M. TO 11:00 P. M.
OPPOSITE THE HIGH SCHOOL

 

 

TRADE AT
YOUR
COLLEGE
HABERDASHER

CSNAPPY fill:

SPRING STYLES
MANHATTAN SHIRTS
ADAM HATS

 

Employment Bureau
Announces Positions

TIII iia‘rr
IIIIIIIIIS IIIIIEII

H. Monette, Prop

Miss Irene Semanek, Assistant
Director of the Student Employment
Bureau, announces the following
placements: ,

Class of ’37: Lewis Wilson, Gil-
bertsvllie. Class of ‘38: Frances Wo-
lak, Spencertown; Jane Miller,
Washingtonville, M. Frances Breen,

 

 

 

NYS Training School for Girls, B°°TH ""3"
Hudson. Class of ’39; Faye Foreman, sEchg

Saugerttes; Doris Munroe. "av-lford; Mum"
Mary Sparaclne, Fonda .. . l CONGEN'AL “my
Adams. Berlin; Jean Strong. H1  MODERN

lngton; Kay Lynch. Schol‘nl' aIx HOURI
Richard Lonsdale. Whltesboro, Ca H ATMOSPHERE

of '40; Lorraine Smith, Montgonr ‘i

cry.

Class of ’41. Charles Quinn, Tan-
nersvlile; Robert Agne, Rensselaer
Falls; Leslie Gerdts, Washington-
ville; James Snover, Cambridge;
Mary McCall, Schuyler-ville; Jean
Schaeffer. Edmeston; Dorothy Peak,
Schaghtlcoke; Madalyn Beers, Val-
ley Falls; Stephen Kusak, Canan- O
dalgua: Dorothy Johnson, Rich-
mondvllle; John Alden, Richmond-
villc; James Aldrich. th’hburg;
Mary Mahar, Randolph; Helen Mil—
ler, Mannsvllle; Mary Sharples,
Winthrop; Mary Lang, Ellcnburg.

Phyllis Esposlto. grad. has accept-
ed a position at Alburg. Vermont.
to teach for the rest of the school

 

“Serving delicious food 2/, hours a dag”

HAMBURG GROUND FRESH FROM PRIME STEER BEEF
COMPLETE DINNERS DAILY FROM 400 to 650

234 Central Ave.
Albany, N. Y.

WE NEVER
CLOSE

PLENTY OF
PARKING SPACE

 

 

 

 

 

year.

 

BRYN VOGUE

the lovely slip
wit/7 1716....
glove/ice ﬁt

2.98

 

Thanks to its brilliant design, Bryn
Vogue's charmingly scalloped bodice
fits you lovingly, without a suspicion
of a wrinkle or a single scum over the
bust. Its clevor Il-g'orc bias contsruc-
tion has no side seams to ripple. Made
of linrbizon's own silk-and-rayon
Satin So'aphim. l’ctal Pink, White,
Black. Sizes till—«ill. Short lengths:
:ll—‘iil.

 

 

 

‘MBARIIZON SHOE-SECOND “00le

 

 

 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
    
 
    
    
  
 
 
   
  
   

   

     
   
  
    

   

 

    
  

 
   
   
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
    
     
   
     
 
 
     
      
       
 
      
       

.. . «win»...

     
  

 
  

      

ll UUNLI htlllli

 

 

   

117 E. PEARL 221 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

