 

 

 

 

 

 

- w?» msxmmwm 0...... ....,

"Mu arsw‘mm. ..\.r,,-

 

m: 4

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1941

 

.. "Baseball Team
' Schedule At RPI‘, May 7

Coach G. Elliott Hatfield Cuts Squad to Fifteen Men,
Refuses to Make Predictions on Team's Chances;
Team Will Also Engage Pratt and Hamilton

' i )
All eyes are set on the opening gameIOf the baseball season as Séate 1s Orchid,
nine goes through its final practice sessmns under the tutelage of oac

G. Elliott Hatfield. The team will

May 7th 'lg'linst RPI at Troy. Besides RPI, the team has included are orchids to them.
’ K ‘

Pratt and Hamilton in its six gamea
schedule.

Coach Hatfield has cut the num-
ber of candidates for starting posi-
tions down to the following: pitchers,
Graham Duncan, Van Ellis, Bob
Leonard; catcher, Walt Daniels:
first base, Charlie Bennett. Vince
Gillen; second base, George Crutten-
den, Allan Stone; third base, Ed Cas-
ler, Hal Duffey; short stop, Captain
Larry Balog; outfield. Les Gerdts,
Jim Portley, Pete Stanger, Rich
Young.

Hitting Uncertain

“The team is rounding into shape
nicely,” commented Greenspan. “The
pitchers are beginning to bear down
and the fellows are still'hltting—
our success will depend upon whether
or not the fellows can really hit in a
game. We will be as good as, if not
better than. last year’s team in the

1d.”
fieAfter speaking to the loqacious
Greenspan your reporter had a hard
time getting anything definite from
Coach Hatfield. “I don’t know what
we’ll be able to do and I won’t put
myself out on a limb by making
predictions as to our ability in the
field or at bat. We’ll just have to
wait till we get into action to see
what happens.”

RP! Loses to Trinity

As for RPI. they lost their opener
to Trinity College last Saturday by
a 10 to 5 score. It was Trinitys
seventh straight victory. RPI was
able to garner only four singles and
five runs—all unearned. Coach
Walter Nelson had previously rated
his team as “little stronger than last
year's edition." State lost to RPI
last year.

Home games have been scheduled
for May 16 and May 23 against
Hamilton and Pratt respectively.
These will be played at Ridgefield.

Greenspan announces the ap-
pointment of the following as assist-
ant baseball managers: Walter
Grzywacz, Russell Blythe. and Verne
Marshall.

Victory for Chess
Team Still Pending

In the chess match with Princeton
last Sunday, victory for State's
pawn pushers is pending on the
decision of a prominent New York
master.

 

 

Will Open M I W
Baloney

—
To all outward appearances Ma-
.loney is dead for this issue. All that
is left is the “Baloney.”

 

The softball season has already
play its Opener “at Wednemay, uncovered stars—old and new. Here

 

Tom Feeney looks like the best
catcher in the league. He is "on the
ball” and has a reassuring line of

Intramural Softball chatter-

The pitchers were hard-hit during
League Race Opens the first games but Del Mancuso
looks like the class of the league.
Kappa Beta has a hart-hitting.
sharp-fielding infield combination.
Besides being one of the league’s
The intramural softball teams better pnCherS' Moose Gerber IS a
Were favored with two fine baseball filgeé‘itg‘tdns bunth safely four
days in “mum to Start the“. 28-game times and hit a homer in his five
giggldgleiuﬁﬁgga gfé$aP°t:;%CISR§ times at bills} ggainst BAR. He is

' ’ ‘ . a wide awa e ase runner.
       

0 ' | an _
Monday afternoon with an extra 553i He 5 as
 to
e - r . muc '
nillg was the winning blow. Bob Sei- Egggngoghé’igcggsggf a“ the games.
fert relieved Chapell in the box for Gene Guarim.
Potter and pitched four scmeless Basebausimmon
1111:3353}; Beta defeated a College Every Year our diamond'agflmné?
House team which is far below the are fronted “WI”; ﬁ‘ihgllga :mgym
level of former CH teams. The score ill'afgilcgémflitlgt an. ﬂindoor pgactlce'
wasi 221 1:0 45m2/kf’3felgrber pimth while out-of-door drills are depend-
aSITS1 lait year’s champs came out on the weather. Second, the
from behind to (beat KDR Tuesday team has no nearby home (ligating
18 to 15. Del Mancuso settled down on which to llmbel up. r .

classroom schedules are so arranged
after the second inning and pitChed that daily practice sessions cannot

' ' . M e ‘
$2,331,213 bl}??? $333135,  KDOR get underway until 4:30 in the aftel-
noon.
Mfafr tﬁiéggﬂfnﬂg'gwhe, team These are great handicaps to be
mm mm“ h with a football score. sure. probably the reason why State
91319; damaged the Ramblers 30 to is famous for having none too good
22. Steve Paris of the Ramblers diamonfl “liafns- _ in ma year
was knocked out of the box in the Igeverllfgepegfgoﬁl’sgéwc u]; part of
' i went on SO I‘ I ’
21:13, 11221313? (istiiffnS‘fﬁhﬁf: Sixth their time to represent State on the
I . diamond.
inning “galgﬁtenget digit?“  We realize that this sounds highly
[Tame lwas (Te of harmless Manley hypothetical. but a little investiga-
hixm mcaflﬁt {or the Miguel-S tion illto the baseball question hele
went “18.10. u___c ' at State will show that such a situa-
tion exists. Therefore. draw, lwin
' or lose. we congratulate le ine
Intramural counc'l spirit of those lads who next Wleid-
- - ' nesday will trot onto the Troy c a-
Expands Actlv't'es lnond to tackle the Engineers.
Pete Marchetta

KB, Potter Club, SL5, Gophers
Win First Games of Season

 

 

In order to create more interest
in the various sports. Intramural
Council is rounding out its spring
plans by annexing seine different
sports in the program.

A horseshoe tournament is bcillg
conducted at present with Bob Sci-
fert ill charge. The council has the
facilities for this sport and would

EMIL J. NAGENGAST
YOUR COLLEGE FLORIST

Corner Ontario at Benson St.

Sports, Iioin’ Fill
Play Day Spotlight

All you sports fans and anyone
else who likes a good time, re-
serve May 10. A bang-up occa-
sion, WAA-MAA Play Day is go-
ing to be held at McKowns
Grove. Kay Peterson and Bill
Dickson. co-chairmen. are mak-
ing plans for a day full of sports.
rivalry games and dancing.

In the afternoon. the fresh-
man-sophomore rivalry softball
games, both boy's and girl's, will
be held. Hiking, darts. and other
sports will be provided for these
not interested in softball.
Lunches will be served (you
bring them) at a picnic supper
which will be followed by a big
bonfire. During the evenlng
there will be lots of dancing to
complete a day of fun and ac-
tion. Don't forget the date—
We‘ll see you there!

 

Women's Tennis Season Opens

Tennis was inaugurated yester-
day with instruction in the gyln at
2:30. This practice will probably be
continued until the Washington
Park courts open. Then hours may
be acquired at ally time and le-
ported to the captain. Mary Il'vmg.
'42; or to her assistant. Mary Do-
mann. '44. Instruction will also be
given Saturday mornings at 10:00
A. M. Those who do not possess
racquets may borrow them from

Net Squad to Open

Season at Cortland

Six-Man Team to Make Trip;
Forsees Victory Ahead

Tomorrow afternoon State Col-

lege's tennis team will inaugurate

this year's season in a contest with
Cortland Normal.

The squad has had daily practice
sessions and if these pro-season
drills are any indication. the team
is in tip-top shape for the opening
match.

Due to transportation facilities.
only six men will be able to make
the trip to Cortland. These include
George Pearson and Stan Smith,
co-eaptains. Harry Kensky, Hank
Brauner, Bob Jones, and either
Bernie Bernhardt or Gerald Rock.
Bob Jones. last year‘s captain of the
opponents, will be playing against
his forlner teammates. Rock and
Bernhardt are also new additions to
the net squad; the former is a trans-
fer student while the latter is a
freshman.

Although only six men will make
the trip. it does not necessarily
mean that they will comprise the
first team. Competition for pos1—
tions will continue and different
players will be used, especially in
home matches.

Despite the disadvantage of not
playing at home. the tennis team is
confident of starting a difficult

 

WAA.

schedule with a victory.

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

DIAL 5-1913

 

 

 

 

Z-443

DaA to Finance lEnthusiastie Audience Hears

‘ Spring Offering
By Private Loan

Council Forced to Borrow $100
To Produce ’Street Scene’; i

last chord of the Russian Suilor’s Dance, a State College audience,
medium in size but extra-large in appreciation, was treated to one of 

ALBANY, Nisw YORK, FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1941

Outstanding Music Program

by A. Harry Passow
From the first note of the Overture lo the Barber 0/ Seville to the

  

he ﬁnest concerts since the organization of the State College Symphony ‘-

 

No Revenues Expected

Dramatics and Arts Council made
public today the fact that it has
been forced to borrow money from
a private source in order to pay
the costs of ‘its major dramatic
production of the year, Street SCGHG.‘
This action was made necessary by
the almost complete exhaustion of
the Dramatics and Arts’ treasury
through unexpected defense tax
payments of more than $100.

The Dramatics and Arts' budget.
which had been made out last year,
contained no provision for the pay-
ment of these taxes. Revision of
the budget this year to include
them was made impossible by the
fact that early last fall the Coun-
cil signed contracts with the artists
whom it had scheduled for presen—
tation. These contracts could not
be broken.

Play Profitlcss

 

—- OOrchestra three years ago by a wild-  _

haired freshman. Bernard Perlman. A
Perlman’s efforts reached a high last a:
night by the ovation given him by an
audience satisfied by an evening of
ﬁne musical entertainment.

A little weak in the opening meas-
ures, the orchestra soon gained the
conﬁdence and steadiness which pre-
vailed for the rest of the evening;
a sureness that was evidenced in a
polished performance.

  
 
  
  
   

Grand Marshal Charles Quinn

 

Outstanding individual performer
of the evening was John Nordell who

a performance of Mozart's Concerto
in D Minor that was wholly Mo-
zart's, and an interpretation of the
harp cadenza in Ciwriceio Espug-
; nolc that still has his audience buz-
-‘ zing. Under Perlman's leadership,
the orchestra's accompaniment was
entirely effective as background
although a bit too loud in the early

 

 

 

 

not only accompanied the Choral So- I
ciety in its selections, but rendered   

 

VOL. XXV, NO 25

Quinn to Direct

Moving-up Drill
In Page Today

Wilson, NFSA Representative,

Will Give Assembly Report
On Regional Conference

 

 

The main portion of this morn-
ing's Student Association assembly
will consist of the rehearsal of the
Moving-Up Day exercises and
I the giving of directions for class
1 formations by Charles Quinn, ’41.
Grand Marshal of the events.

Directions for the actual chang-
ing of seating positions in the tra-
ditional Moving—Up Day exercises
were released this morning by
Charles Quinn, '41, Moving-Up Day
marshal. The seat-changing pro-
cedure is to be rehearsed in assembly
this morning.

 

 

second Concert Assembly at 3:30

 

Debate Council to be Sponsor

Of Pre Moving up Day Swing

 

like to make use of them. A doubles

BOULEVARD CAFETERIA

TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH
50c

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

   

{While you're keeping
fit...pause and

 

 

ping-pong tourney is also arranged
mid Art Fox expects to have the
first round completed by the end of
the week.

 

 

Because the visitors had to leave
as soon as possible. a deadline of
two hours was set for the match. At
the end of this period each squad
had won two gmnes. but Steve Show
and Lloyd Shaffer llnd not yet
finished the deciding game. It is
felt, howovor, that the game and

match will be awarded ill the Stiltcs- ,

men's favor.

Art Fox and John Iloose provided
the winning counters for the local
chessmcn, while (ii-orgi- I!ii‘l)Htl‘lli

and Jim (lilliin worl- lln- vunquisln-d. .

Another attempt. is being made by:
l the council to form a bowling league}
l with Bob Leonard ill charge. AllL
.' those interested may sign up on the‘

lmcn's bulletin board.
! ‘ Phone 8-3553
' KODAKS CINE KODAKS
Albany Camera Shop, Inc. l
204 WASHINGTON AVENUE
ALBANY. N. Y.
PHONE 5-4558

 

 

 

()IIOItLI'IHS IlltY (‘LICAN lNG

Cor. Madison Ave. & Quail St.

1

Aibmiy

 

 

 

MADISON
SHOE REBUILDERS

807 Madison Avenue
You Pick Up Your Phone
We Pick Up Your Shoes
8-2239 8-2230

 

 

o A no Ln KING TRADE AT

illi lCh‘SI‘IS

 

YOUR
“M COLLEGE

 

JEAN'“““””‘ HABERDASHER

 

MADISON
SWEET SHOP

Home Made Ice Cream
and Lunches

785 Madison Avenue

3 Doors from Quail Street
13-9183 We Deliver

 

(IDA T8
‘ -):(- O

As xiifi‘l i‘ll'xi'll in
3
“lilllrluiiiliiscllo”  S
 : NAPPY saw

no Hull: Only at SPRING STYLES

MANHATTAN SHIRTS
ADAM HATS

Whitin

Albany, N. Y.

H? S. PEARL 221 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Drink

W'

TNADE MANN

Delicious and

Rell‘t’hlllll i '

YOU TASTE ITS QUALITY

liolilcil under authority olelc Coca (3qu Company by
ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING C0.
226 N. ALLEN STREET ALBANY. N. Y.

There's something about
Coco-Cola,—ice-cold,—tholstops
thirst in its tracks. Its delightful
taste brings you the experience
of complete thirst satisfaction.
50 when you pause throughout
the day, make it the pause that
refreshes with ice-cold Coco-Cola.

 
   

 

 

 

Since Street Scene is a student

Conductor Bernard Perlman
tax production. no profits are ex- . . .. L-  ,,_-._..-__
pected. Elimination of the play from

the spring program because of the .
shortage of funds is not possible a  

since it is the most important part
of the Advanced Dramatics colu‘se,
one of the two college courses which
receive financial support from Dra-

matics and Arts. n , , .
An unofficial statement by it Such“ Takas' 43' newly Elecwci
, , , cdltor-in-chief of the Freshman
membel of Finance Boald levealed H b k f , 1 I H 1945 h
that it would be impossible to cover am} 00 m he C 9‘55 Of ' as
the Dramatics and Arts deficit with appmmed the following sophomores
Student Association funds because as ms Staff: Cﬂmlyn Burrows’ Ruth
no sul‘hlus‘exists ill the AssociationlDee’ Flora Gaspary’ Herbert Lane-
treasmy ‘ ker. Peter Marchetta, Muriel Scovell,
; Shirley Sicgel, David Slavin. Marie
Fu'ms harm‘lrkm Sonic, and Louise Swire.

The funds that are now coming The numerical results of the bill-
ill because of the recent ruling loting, released today by Myskania,
making tax payments compulsory are as follows:
are needed to cover infirmary fund First vote: Ruth Dec, 14; Flora
expenditures which have already'Gaspal'y. 13; Herbert Leneker, 23;
exceeded this year's appropriation. Muriel Scovell, 21; Shirley Siege],

Brief consideration was given to 38; David Slavin, 20; Andrew Takas.
the suggestion that Dramatics and 35.

Arts charge the student body ad- Second vote: Leneker, 35; Miss
mission to the performance in order Siegcl. 53; Takas. 62.

to provide the needed money. This Third vote: Miss Siegel, 49;
plan was discarded, however. since Takes, 64.

it was felt that all admission fee Tilkas requested all organizations
should not be levied at a student wishing to be represented in this
tax production. lyears Handbook to contact him

All other means failing them, the immediately. He also asked that all
Dramatics and Arts Association Will.tllc material be in by the end of
be forced to borrow money from itsl the month. Present plans anticipate
next year's appropriation ill order completion of the blllk of the work
to pay for illis year's production. by the end of this semester.

 

 

6No Need to Four Regents,9
Manning Says at Discussion
§I

M v L“ .l  ‘1 .L 1| 1‘ (His uol. wind it was meant to bc—«ll
"H" “u “I” “m “1“” " ’ liruc "slate measuring instrunlenl‘.."

oduciillon have long complained Olin“ (mum “cumullom of uummn_

the Regents li‘xnminutions of the , . . . ~-
. mi mall I t : icgen s mor - diffi-

Slulc of New York us bottlenecks l’ [U u l“ L L

in leaching activity. Dr. Ellis Mull-

Handbook Staff

measures.

Mr. Hirsh and Mr. Perlman both
turned in ﬁne performances in con-
ducting roles. Hirsh extremely de-
liberate and Perlman very alli-
mated.

The crashing ﬁnale of Caprice-lo
E‘sprlgilole, highlighted by cadenzas
of concert master Ruth Muldover,
clarinetist Verne Marshall, and ﬂut-
ist Steber Kerr, brought a. storm of
approbation and demanded an on-
core.

The Choral Society, ill its ﬁrst
selection, Excerpts from HMS Pina-
forc, was up to the standard of the
Operetta some weeks ago with Clar-
ence Olsen. Jean McAllister, and
Carol Golden repeating their fa-
miliar solos. All in all, Dr. Candlyn’s
selection of numbers was apt. The
singers were better in their interpre-
tation of the livelier numbers; they
were always under Dr. Candlyn‘s
deft touch. never out of control. An
improvement in the Choral Society
for next year would be an increase
in the nulnbcr of male voices, es-
pecially tenors.

North Hall Turned

Into French House

In all attempt to increase the
oral facility of State's French lan-
guage students, the French depart-
ment, ill cooperation with the
Board of Directors of the Alumni
Residcnlx: Hulls, has taken steps to

 

 

 

 

convert North Hall into a French]

Presentation in Page Hall

The Southern Fried served at
Soiree was steaming hot, but Bill
Grattan’s second swing concert be-
fore a State audience promises to
be no less unique. The concert,
which is scheduled for Thursday,
May 15. in the Page auditorium at
8:30 P. M.. is under the sponsorship
of Debate Council. and stars John
Gardephe, ’41, as master of core-
monies.

Grattan, leader of Albany‘s “Great
Young Band," has planned a pro-
gram of 16 selections, all of which
will be swing numbers with the ex-
ceptions of the vocal. The orchestra
has been concentrating on a novel
arrangement of the Anvil Chorus,
which displays the technique of Ed
Langwig. Milne High drulnlner, and
the trumpet section.

M. C. to Play Mellophone

Also included on the program are
the Volga Bootnlaii, Kansas City
Moods, JaDa, Sloanec River, Ama-
pola and ’Toi’lit What You Do, It’s
(lie Way That ’C'lili Do It, and the
master of ceremonies has been re-
quested to render a selection on his
lncllophone in his inimitable style.
Grattan, leader and organizer of
the local band, stated: “We really
enjoy playing before a State au-
dience, because they are generally
enthusiastic and appreciative. Sev—
eral of the selections to be played
are original, and we hope you will
enjoy them." Tile band will have its
vocalists, Betty Brooks. Paul Christ-
man, and lilo girl trio, Jean. Marion,

 

 

 

“mm. next year, Miss M Annette and Jean. Bill Brown. trombone

Dobbin, Instructor in French, has
been ill charge of the negotiations
for securing a native-born French-
womun as head resident, of the
house,

Residence has been limited to
senior. junior, and sophollloro wo~

lult and showed lllllily instances “1,.” who we lnnjonm. 0,. minormg

player, and Tom McTague, saxo-
phonist. will also render several
selections.

Adam Only Statesman

0n Moving-Up Day, all students
will assemble by classes at 8:30
A. M. The Seniors will meet in the
rotunda; the Juniors, on the peris-
ter between Draper and Husted;

 

 

Moving-Up Directions

The Moving-Up procedure to be used
Iii the following: The Sophomores on
be Iiliilu floor will more to the loft
aisle and go upstairs via the left sliilr-
vmic, occupying the mezzanine and
right. section of the balcony. 'l‘lioiiu up.
hlllll‘N will come down via the right
Nlllll'i‘llﬂo and occupy the section behind
lIli- Juniors on [be right. The re-
Imlludcr In tho biilcoliy will move down
to tho ini-zzniiliie. The Seniors will
more loft occupying IIII! nwlloii vu-
cliicil by the Sophomores. Will-n it Is
filled, the, ri-iiiiiliiller will occupy the
extreme left ol' the center section. The
Juniors on tho llllllll floor will move
lo llio ll-i'i liml occupy sonic vol-uteri
by the Seniors. ’l‘lloi-ii- iipniillrs ore to
come down viii Illl‘ i'lglll oiiilri-lino ulIiI
occupy the right section oi‘ the muln
Tour. The freshmen will more left,
occupying lllo li-i'i iiilll cl-iiiL-r m'i'Iltlllﬂ
of tho biilcoiiy proper.

 

the Sophomores. in Husted by the
Annex; and the freshmen. by the
Publications Office. The student
body will file into the auditorium,
each class marching in a body.

New seating positions are to be
taken for Moving-Up Day. The
Seniors will sit ill the center section
of the main floor; the Juniors, on
the lnain iloor. right, with the re-
mainder in the mezzanine of the
balcony; the Sophomores, in the
main floor left, with the remainder
in the mezzanine and the left sec~
Lion of the balcony; and the fresh-
nlen, in the center and right sec-
tions of the balcony.
Wilson to Report

Kay Wilson, '42. will give the as-
scinny a report of her observations
as State's delegate to the Middle
Atlantic Regional Conference of
the National Student Federation
of America held at Adelphi Col-
logo. Garden Ciiy. Long Island,
Friday In Sunday, May 2 to 5.
The Saturday morning panels dis—

 

The orchestra, which was orgml- cussed such topics as the power of
ized llirec years ago, consists of 14 the press. student-faculty adminis-
mcmbcl's, mainly high school stu- ll'uiivc relations. and financing stu-

dents interested ill swing. Jack

. . . \’ l w n il‘ wvrr cllan'cd not ill v .. . I .. .
ning, Supervisor of the Science Dc- H l“ I) I H l L’ 1“ Flimlhv A“ 13 i’lﬂCL-s “1 the'Adum. 41. is the only State student.

content but in make up.

Dr. I‘Iliis spoke ill a convicing
mmmcr mm a complete set of
llilllilll'lllllill’ill dqu and interpreta-

purlmcnl, the man responsible for
llll' di'uslii' innovnliolls ill science
i‘l‘gi'llis of me post lwo years. has
l)l‘i'li siouly bul .nul'cly changing

 

, . lion to buck his stillclncnls.
tlnil bolllo into n \vldc-nloutlu'd my,” 01- mumumuc “.5, giving “1,.
1”" g I ‘ llil‘ question coinlnillcl' il bus-is upon
hill’illilllli “Wil‘l' illl‘ illlhl’il'l'h' ()l1\\lll(ll lo scii-l'i l‘l'gciils questions

11“ l'Hil'l'lH‘i-‘willl’. ('lil‘llllhlrl‘l' 01111) “W =\\'ll.‘; l‘Xilliiilii'il mid the results Ill
'1'lll’ﬁilll31 1"" “Hi-N M'i’lilllli“l ililllslin- form of pcriorlluincc pullcl'ils
,iuslllicd lllh inlcluionu lo .‘l()lllfl'“’(il'u (“upuhﬁml The“. [mum-“H m...
lIHWlI'l'fl ill'UI’ll' “1 Hi“ (“If”) “m1 I“ ll rough index of tile diil'icuily of
“1" M'““““‘ "Will-“H “(31"- USlnin'Vu (llll'ﬁllllll expressed ill it simple
a illl'llil‘ of i'l'i'l‘lll achievements and l,(.,~(-,(-nim;o, The percentages of
(ll‘hil'l' “1 I'llllll'i‘ WW“lllllsllllilmfﬁv questions used can be adjusted to
1‘" “'“imlml 5"“‘0 “'“ilVVl'h'. “"4"”? make the Regents u llill' one to all
homo \Vl‘l‘l‘ uci-cplnblo lo the group, “mom’s.
“MW”“"‘H’"”"l“"““l- lil'lcl'ly this is the system used
"’l'oo many of ollr tcilcllcl's ltl'tl’ll) lnko llie ill-gents exams out of a
afraid of line dcpllrilncnt,” he said. rm and rcvilulizo them to meet
“The department is there to serve (illilllglllg conditions of touching and
the loin-hers and We will Welcome curriculum content. It is ill a mid-
all kinds of cooperation. criticisms. dlc stage of development now. lilld
111M 51163051110115." two years or so will tell the story.
Too much of the school year is if intelligence and hard work are
being devoted to the inevitable R6- of any avail, we may take the Re-
gents Review book, he pointed out. gents problem as being on the way
Under such a system the Regents to solution.

house liii\'l‘ already been filled. The
college adlninlsll'ution has be
able to provide this extra service
\l'iihoul no increase in residence!
fees.

The orgunimlion of such ll lull—
;zuugo house on the campus is ill
line with the policy of the Slate
lilduculion Dl-purllni-nl. it will on—
ubli- Hluli' sludi-nis lo compete ill a
greater measure wilh graduates of
olin-i' New York mill-gins which
imlinlnin such houses or which send
llll‘li' students abroad.

'2
a.
.2

NEWS to Appear Thursday

Next week's issue of the STATE
Coma-zoo Nirwn will be published on
'l‘ilul'sliuy morning. A special supple-
ment of the Nuws will be distributed
after the Moving-Up Day cerclnon~
ies. It will contain all the Moving-
Up Day announcements and com-
plete numerical results of all elec-
lions.

playing with lilo group. Admn is
known as one of the best bass
players ill the Capitol (listl'icl,
and greatly illle the rhythm sl‘ciioll
ol' (li'uitlln's bund.

Freshman Debate Squad
To Engagewgolgate Team

liilu Duly mid Vt‘l‘il. Wiiiul'd. ’44.
members of tho li'reshman Debate
sound. will l‘l‘pl'l'sl‘ill. State in ii
panel discussion with Colgate Uni—
versity this afternoon at 1:30 in
ltoom 28 on the topic; "Resolved:
Thai the power of the federal gov-
rrmnent should be increased." Verne
Marshall. ’44, president of the neo
pllytc debaters, will preside as chair-
man. This debate marks the close
of the season for the Freshman
Debate squad, which has been
couched throughout the year by Mr.
Louis C. Jones, Instructor in Eng-
lish, and Janet Sharts, '41.

 

dcni. iovcrmnent. The afternoon
session considered modern curricu-
llllll programs, lilo job of student
govermncnt, and the yolitll move-
nn-nls on ('llllmlo campuses.

The Sunday llll‘l.‘lIIlL‘, was spent
on panel reports and illo action on
various resolutions.

Miss Wilson was nppoiniod by
Student. Council as delegate since
previous appointees Ralph Tibbetts
and Paul Merritt, juniors. were
nimble to intend.

League of Women Voters
To Award Annual Plaque

Dr. Robert Ricnow, instructor of
social studies. yesterday reported
an offer from Margaret Freeman,
President of the League of Women
Voters, to present a plaque annually
to the most outstanding member of
the Forum of Politics.

First recipient of the award will
be announced at Moving-Up Day
ceremonies next Friday.

 

 

