 

 

 

.,*lil.’:\-l4"l"'l‘l1,-AIQY‘«’7:<“l./r ., I.

l v A magma»:

STATE COLLEGE NEws til:

Established May, 1916
By the Clan of 1918

Vol. XXV Friday, January 10, 1941 No. 13
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for ’lenchers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.

Telephones: Office, 5-9373; .\Iurrlly, 2-0888; Clark, 4-0373
Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., pesto/lice.

IIPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV

National Advertismg Semce. Inc.
Callus Publilbar: Representative

420 MADIION AVI. le YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO ‘ BOITOI ' I-OI RIOIIIII ' SAN FRAICIICO

The News Board
JOHN A. MURRAY .. .. ..
.EATRICE A. DOWER .. ..
STEPHEN A. KUSAK _ ..
RALPH CLARK .. _ _
BETTY PARROTT .. _ _
JAMES MALONEY ..

WILLIAM DORRANCE

EDWIN HOLSTEIN .. ..
HARRY PASSOW _ ._ -



All colllmuniclttiolls should be undressed to the editor and
must be signed. .\‘lilnes will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS ussullios no responsibility
for opinions expressed ill its columns or coilltlluiilelltiolls.
its such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
CO-MANAGING EDITOR
CD-MANAGING EDITOR

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

A Meditation Upon a Broomstick

A Guest Editorial by JONATHAN SIVIF’I‘

“This single stick, which you now behold
ingloriously lying in that neglected corner,
I once knew in a flourishing state in a for-
est; it was full of sap, full of leaves, and full
of boughs: but now, in vain does the busy
art of man pretend to vie with nature, by
tying that withered bundle of twigs to its
sapless trunk; it is now, at best, but the re-
verse of what it was, a tree turned upside
down, the branches on the earth, and the
root in the air; it is now handled by every
dirty wencn, condemned to do her drudgery,
and by a capricious kind of fate, destined to
make things clean, and be nasty itself: at
length, worn to the stumps in the service
of the maids, it is either thrown out of doors,
or condemned to the last use, of kindling a
ﬁre. When I beheld this, I sighed, and said
within myself, “Surely man is a broomstick !”
Nature sent him into the world strong and
lusty, in a thriving condition, wearing his
own hair on his head, the proper branches
of this reasoning vegetable, until the axe of
intemperance has lopped off his green boughs,
and left him with a withered trunk; he then
flies to art, and puts on a periwig, valuing
himself upon an unnatural bundle of hairs
(all covered with powder) that never grew
on his head; but now, should this our broom-
stick pretend to enter the scene, proud of
those birchen spoils it never bore, and all
covered with dust, through the sweepings of
the ﬁnest lady’s chamber, we should apt to
ridicule and despise its vanity. Partial judges
that we are of our own cxccllencics, and other
man's defaults!

“But a broomstick, perhaps you will say,
is an emblem of a tree standing on its head;
and pray what is man, but a topsy-turvy crea-
ture, his animal faculties perpetually mounted
Oil his rational, his head where his heels
should be, grovelling on the earth! and yet,
with all his faults, he sets up to be a uni-
versal rcformc' and corroctor of abuses, a
remover of grievances, rakes into every
slut’s corner of nature, bringing hidden
corruption to the light, and raises a mighty
dust where there was none before; sharing
deeply all the while ill the very same politi-
tions he pretends to sweep away; his last
days are spent in slavery to a woman, and
generally, the least deserving, till worn out
to the stumps, like his brother bosom, he is
either kicked ollt of doors, or made use of to
kindle flames for others to warm themselvos
by.”

Twenty-Five Years Young
With apologies to tho (lo Cosmos
This is the twenty-fifth anniversary year
of the S'i‘A'l'li Col.l.l.ol-z NIBIVS. ’i‘wcnty-fiw
years old are we this year, and our only hope
is that we don’t look it.

Have you noticed the “tiilfortullatc” pair-
ing of titles for this season’s Elementary
Dramatics ofi’ering‘f—“A Mail Should Have
a Wife,” “But Not Love."

STATE COLLEGEMEV/S, FRIDAY, JANUARY l0, I94|

Terrie! 9.94 T999". ..

.j‘ \“"_‘l i“ will” "// 
 ' 1“! {l /  a;
‘\ .~ - . 

 

E : I :5 :3
FLORIDA WCOLLEGE :

HAS THE ONLY lMPOIEi'ED HINDU
TEMPLE IN AMERICA. THIS HAND

CARVED TEMPLE WEIGHS lOTONS,

WAS BROUGHT TOTHE FLORIDA
CAMPUS FROM BENARES‘INDIA

EAcu YEAR nIE PRESIDENT OF
NORTHWESTERN UNIV. LIGHTS
A IIUGII PIRPLE CANDLE 4n: HIGH
- AT so PM ONAWEDIESMY N
THE MIDDLE OF MAY. ATTIIE
SAME MOMENT N.U.ALUMNI ALL
over me WORLD LiGIIi' CANDLES.

 

 

 

Song and Dance

Commu

To the Editor of the
STATE COLLEGE News:

Last year, we, the members of
the Student Association, appropri-
ated the sum of $200 to be devoted
for a memorial to the late Dr. Abram
Brubacher, president of the college.
A committee of three was appointed
to ﬁnd and recommend a suitable
memorial, and treasure the funds.
They did ﬁnd and recommend a
memorlei—furnishings for a new
Commons on the site of the present
Annex.

This plan fell through almost four
months ago, and nothing has been
done since. The committee is still
intact, and the funds are still in-
tact. Probably the good intentions
of the committee are still intact.
Why, then, isn't something being
done, besides letting the money ac-
cumulate an annual 1% interest in
the bank?

The committee certainly could
suggest an alternative. In four
months they should think of some-
thing. They havc been meeting
periodically since school opened.
Out of these meetings has come not
even a suggestion of an idea.

If the committee cannot act or
does not intend to act, “let them
withdraw.”

’l‘wo Irate Taxpayers.
To the Editor of the
S'I'A'rn Contacts Nuws:

Many times I have heard a ques-

tion asked for which there has never

been a satisfactory answor: Why do,

we not have dancing Friday after-
noon iil the Commons?

There is no doubt that dancing is
popular among our student body.
Every Friday afternoon. the Conl—
mons is crowded with students who
are seeking relaxation after a week
of study. As it is, these people have
nothing to do btlt play bridge or Just
sit and talk.

The most obvious reason, of
course, that can be advanced for
not having any dancing is that the
noise of tile vic would disturb the
people who are studying in the li—
brary. lll this respect. a few perti—
nent facts must be noted. First of
all, at the time under discussion,
there are more people ill tllc Com-
mons than in the library. Second
and most important is that the Vic
would ordinarily be inaudible in the
library. I recently spoilt a iloontimc
ill the library and observed that,
with the Vic turned up to its filli
volume, the music as only barely
audible. It was so soft as to ho ul-
mosl. ullllotiocablc.

Is there any reason why this can-
not be at least tried? No one will be
harmed or disturbed by it, and it
will provide an enjoyable afternoon
for a large number of State College's
dancing students.

Reader-Dancer.

nications
lN WHICH "The Critic” writes a

Communication—-
Dear Murray,

Sure was a good concert last
night, even if very few at State knew
about it. Stanley Hummel, a mem-
ber of Albany's musical first family,
supplemented good appearance with
real ability at interpreting the
lighter works of such great com-
posers as Liszt and Chopin. The
concert was an opportunity for the
:choral society to display its abilities
1and compared favorably with past
performances.

Will We be seeing you at the Ele-
,mentary Dramatics three one-act
,plays next Tuesday? Our own Edie
Cassavant wrote a tragedy called
But Not Love which is plenty pow-
erful. When one ailing business
man is surrounded by three domin-
Iating women—his wife, daughter,
‘ and illistress—something’s bound to
happen, and it does.

l The Country Sticker, a rustic
‘foik comedy, is based on an actual
‘event. It explains itself in this
editorial comment We picked upl
l “While all of the characters in
this play are fictitious the plot has
a foundation in fact. Last January
when the Cook County highway was
"completcd, it was discovered that a
farmer held the mortgage to a small
Istrip overlooked by the county, and
i had foreclosed it, erecting a toll gate
on the highway, and enforced it
with the aid of a shotgun and a
‘ court order."

It sounds like double—barreicd fun

to us!
. A Man Should Have a Wife is
so funny that the cast takes time
out from every rehearsal for a
hearty laugh. A professional actor
‘lefll'lls much in a small town cast.
The jazz-like tempo of the play will
be an innovation to State's stage.
I Since you are such a great music
lover. Murray, you'll like the inter-
mission program of the orchestra.
Bernie Pcrhnan has taken the
nucleus of the large State College
‘ Symphony Orchestra and has wovon
t it into it more manageable and more
: flexible group which holds the title
I of the State College Concert Orches-
tl'u. Two new conductors will make
‘ their debut! Jean Wells will lead the
'thmpo ()licl'lltl'c and Earl Show
will mount the podium for the Wil-
liam Tell and the Llﬂltt Cavalry
()llcl'lltrcs. ‘

When you hear that Julia Tim-
inn)! is going to sing Musctta's
ill/(til?! Holly from Iva Bohcmo and
Libiomo from Verdi's Lu T‘l‘ft‘lllalu
lyou’ii hurdle the News office rail-
.ings and change your tax card for
In ticket immediately.

‘ Here’s for all evening of enter-
,ttllnmcnt by our own State College
I talent!

I
!

Atl‘eotlonateiy yours.
l Anne and Bob.

Re-Create Student Vitality

The Comments!ate,—-———

It’s a generally accepted theory that State
College is a democratic institution, and it
naturally follows that we are all citizens of
this democracy.

Unfortunately, just as the national democ-
racy is suffering from disioyai and uncooper-
ative forces working against it, so also is our
scholastic democracy suffering from the dis-
ioyal “jibes” of some of its citizens. Unfor-
tunately, also, as we have imitated our na-
tional democracy we have a considerable line
of “dirty linen.” (Fraternity and Sorority
rushing, or should we call it snatching?)
Well, what’s to be done about it ?

Suppose we commence the New Year with
a new spirit! Suppose we substitute that
undercurrent of dissatisfaction with a Very
noticeable “do or die for dear old State” atti—
tude. The phrase may be cliche but the
attitude certainly isn’t. Even if there isn‘t
anything about the school you feel you could
possibly like, (except the free tuition) your
main purpose in coming to N. Y. S. C. ’l‘.
was that you desired to become a teacher.
At least it should have been! If you ever
do become a teacher, your first duty will be
to teach your pupils loyalty and cooperation
to their country. How can anyone teach
something which they have had no experi—
ence with, since they could not follow the
simple rule: Practice what you teach!
“DIRTY LINEN” AGAIN

Everyone having set the machines of
scholastic defense working, it will be a com-
paratively easy task to clean tip the "dirty
linen.” It's the old idea of not appreciating
what we have. For too long we've grunted.
complained and exposed. Now is the appro—
priate time for the “re-creation of student
body vitality,” as our president so aptly
stated.

To achieve this, there must be a l'cztlixu-
tion of State’s outstanding features. Some
of the more skeptical accept our government
organization with hardly a thought of ll.\
great efficiency and praise-worthy accom-
plishmelits. With this same spirit they view
the faculty, which is one of the finest. in this
part of the country. Very seldom do you hear
a student exciaim over all the benefits de-
rived from student tax. And most important
of all they do not know that this is a demote
racy where with a little determined efl‘ol-l
almost anything can be achieved.

OUR “FIFTH COLUMNISTS"

This isn’t the first time, it is no doubt lllt'
“nth” time this “pep talk” has been ill»
tempted. And obviously, for the same llulll
ber of times not the slightest attention hu-I
been paid. Just what 's necessary to "get u
rise” out of this so-callcd intelligent group
of personalities? At the slightest provoca-
tion, any of a large number of our alleged
“fifth columnists” will gladly explain that
“State lacks something" or to use a l‘uyol-lll-
ph use, “If you can’t afford a college, you no
to State.”

Perhaps State doesn’t havo a football
team, or cvon a super-super basketball team.
but if the entire student body would at this
time take all inventory, 194i would be It
banner yca' and that old supcrcilious :ltli
tude, just like iii/it), Would be part of the
distant past. So, LET’S i)0 i’l‘!

The silver lining ill the AS(‘Al)—~-lil'tlllll
castci's’ rift which promises to make "(lid
Black Joe" the “llit ()i’ the chkH is file
“I'c—cstablishmeut” of “The Star Slitlllk‘li't!
Banner” as our national anthem, and llil‘
passing into Well-deserved oblivion of that
No. 1 example of" misguided patriotislll
“God Bless America.”

Rumor has it that the l’ottcl' ('lllh defeat
of a resolution abolishing flowers at the inter-
fi'utcrnity iiail was prompted by the power
ful fitIWor-solliug lobby within the t)l'il‘ztlil'/.ll~
tion. Or was it chivalry ‘.’

History will record this as the “James
Roberta Maloney — Sunny South issue.”

 

Mechanic(S)ville weekly paper please copy-

-,..-. -... .

Basketball Team Tackles
Plattsburg Normal Away

Still Competition Anticipated From Northern Quintet;
Stateﬁows to St. Lawrence, Loses to Siena
in Thrilling Contest on Page Hall Court

With a record of only one win in five starts, State College

basketeers will journey to l’lattsburg where they will meet
the State Normal five tonight at 8:30 as deﬁnite underdogs.
This is the ﬁrst game of a home-and-homc series.

Although the record so far wouldo ~— --

seem uninlprcssive, it is a notable
fact that for the first time in about
eight years, State can boast a group
of basketball men who try to play
as a unit, showing some excellent
teamwork instead of the completely
individualized exhibitions of former
years.

Loss to Siena

Siena carried off the ﬁrst round
of the mythical Albany County nas-
ketball Championship when they
eked out a hotly—contested victory
over the States-men. btlttc fought
a game battle and led almost all the
way, but in the closing lllllltltcs tllc
lilLllulin, checking all uvcl' Lilo court,
elicctlvcly tillotticd State ttlltl
SWlsucu Li couple ()1 L'UuiiLUI'S to
come out liliL‘ttLl, tie-42.

Un Ucccllloci‘ ll the State lads
mauc a ZUU-illlic trip to Canton to
joust With all U\L'l'11u\Vt:l'lilg St.
Lawrence quintet. 'l‘hc Purple-and-
Uold proved their mettle by l'Ull-
lung up an clgnt-pomt lead iil tllc
lIl‘bL ten minutes at play alld, though
only one point behind at the hull,
lost ground rapidly alter the lil—
tcrmisslon to a superior club which
won, 62—41.
l’lattsburg Impressive

Tonight State will meet Platts-
burg, a. highly—rated team coached
by Ed Redcay. ’l‘hc Normal squad
won their opening game against a
capable Onconta Normal team by
2 points. They have also been lill—
pl'cssivc in losses at the hands of
Norwich and St. Michael's. 'l‘llc lul—
tci' game, played at St. Michael‘s
court, saw the Normal team beaten
only by a last lninutc basket, 38-37.

There is no doubt that the Phil 1:,—
burg boys will prove to be tough
competition. They are adept lll us—
iilg the pickoi'i' alld quick on lllt‘
follow-up. Thcir fast break will l)!‘
a force to contend Willi.

Meet Pratt Away

Next on the schedule at a week
from tonight is a bus trip to Brook-
lyn where the Pcdtlgogucs will tangle
with the Pratt Institute cttgcl's. The

Brooklyn team to date has scored

impressively over Cooper Union and
Queens. Their single dcl't-lll was ill
the hands of ii strong Tufts outfit.

and Les by tile narrow margin of n v.‘

sil.,,|t~ i....,kcl.

Faaisoat_
With Plattsburg

yearlings Seeking Initial Win OI
Season Alter Two Losses;

Academy Meet Next

Failing to impress the bottle falls
ill their last two starts, the Fresh
Lake to the road for the first ol two
January contests tonight, hopeful o.
titlltlllg the \\'iii column. The yearl-
lllgs rcsuille LliL'il‘ schedule against
the l'lilllbblli‘g Normal Fi'Obll atld
expect to be at lull strength 101'
the lust. time since the 01)L‘lllll,.‘,
game.
rail)iiily Academy Next

Next Friday, the team faces Al-
bany Academy on the Academy
lloor. Barring a lUl'lll reversal on
State‘s part or a quick, effective les~
son on offensive play against. a
none, the tail private school quintet
is a good bet to repeat their early
season win.

Lose to Sit-nu ll‘l‘osil

In losing to tile Sicna Fl‘OSll ill
their last slui't, State was severely
handicapped by the illJtlL'ilCU oi Boo
Combs and by the loss of Bill Fol--
rest curly ill the second half. lion-
t-Icr, despite the bad breaks, Ill,-

burden, hitting the cords for almost
half the team's points and Combo
has not been up to cxpectations.
lieyoiltl llit‘ixc two time is only Bill
Mnrsiand. a real fighter and u
capable i'loormnn. These three have
been the nucleus tints tar and be-
yond them With Dullilcwicz has lit-
tie to work with.

lll order to illlpl'ovc their showing

 

ill the rest of the schedule, Dnliile-
‘.'.lt'}'. has fun! the boys experiment.
with u inst brook. He is also giving
illl=ln pl'nt-Ilt-c iii an oil'cllse designed

ilo llc used ii}:.llll:-1 illt‘ zone (lt'lL‘llSt),

hit-ll is i'Xllt'l‘lttl to be encountered
.d l’lllllrdﬁll'g.

Chess Team Gains Third Place

 ,, *7 i
In    loss as t-olllplu'cd with none for CH.

State College'.-. ('ll": littill :ltil il'i
ed the Eastern li‘... .tollI-gme Cin-
Tournament at lylw York City dul'
lilg the Christmas holidays and . .
well that large high ill the Coalition.
tells the story. Getting oil to I.
rather slow start, tllt‘ State l‘t'lll'l‘
solltlttivcs, Steve Show, Art l"o\
John lloosc, and James (llllilll, no.“
got into the kllllt'k ol llillilth .ul
dcfcittctl tlli‘li' opponents ill lllll't‘.i
consecutive itlllllt‘h. ’i‘llls \\lilll.i|
streak lifted our llllii'll-Ullhlit'l'h llo:
it gloomy (‘L'lllli' spot to a In to
third place. Sim-l- New York 1
tlli' llutloll'n viii-so t't'illt‘l', Hlulc t‘ol
lcgc's chess team may be l'l‘jlllll.‘
as lilo lllli'tl best ill the t’lIllllll_\
Brooklyn. (‘('.\'\’ Strong

'l'llc (ll-icon. ill lin- Hill), pull it
the lllill’iliillll‘lil. \I’I‘l'l' illllil'll'tl llilli
cipitlly at the lliiiltl‘i ol liloo:;..
College llill! (.‘CNY, which till It
first and second l‘l'hilt‘clill'iy in.
or Union was also able In in l.
tllc Stiltcsllll‘ll. but from llit‘l‘l‘ Ill.
State’s gilli'lblleci's rolled alter
a surprisingly lust. pace, ill'll'llllll
nil opponents. 'i‘llcy swept, lliitlll I
Queens, Ullloil, and St. John.» \\lil
lliIIg chI'y game from llll‘iil. (m.
NYU was able to stem the .‘"Il.ll‘
title. This it. did ill the very in
game. line. nluklllll llll' score in u .l.
and llilli‘ lost-s ‘.'.'llit'll wa.. ill
some as Cooper Union :..

John l. Ike and .luIm-l.
were State's lending polilt Helium

(llllilili

House won all o1 lllh sotlll guillc
("tl‘ill lllit, ill; lll.\;l Wills It) Lllt'
lll.l:.tcl‘ly illoolilyll l'llillllplollz. (Ll-
l..ll was l'ltl.t' lllllllld. ;;I'l!llll; live
lllltl a hull point. tor Slate ll.
lost it gullil- lo t‘ol.lll‘l' Ullloll up
iil‘tl llilUlllt'i' \\l'll (TCNY. Al't ho:
\\l!ll tour and olll»ll.lil punts. iiiill
l‘ili‘\t‘ Show with llllt‘t‘ lltllillr. ll :ulr
lip lllt‘ I'I-Hl oi llil‘ .t‘tll't‘ lol' Htf.‘
ti.‘."l' I'I'llllls iil‘vI-llgi-
Hillil- ('(Jllt‘§,l' i‘lll‘:.:.
lollnl‘ :I .t : .l,llul' l.l ix‘I-xt
l'll'l'lt‘li, /\liiill.‘l llilillt‘tllillt‘l\ t‘t'iu.
.l lyl'll lol .I llllllll I-zl::.lI‘I'lllilll ltt'll
lll Albull). 'lllo lug I'ii\ it‘llili ‘
Il“,l‘llL‘,l' l)|l.lll\‘ ll'. lllll‘.'lll Ill.lll‘
\\illi Hlull .ll ‘11! \\.l,‘ ll.l,ll\ ll
‘llli,lli,|" In . till ll.", lllt‘ l'lllllil‘
llll l..l" Ivlliitl A illi~

ponl-l' ("lllill

_lI)iI:-lll|) ‘l
llill\‘l‘ ll|.lll it ill} llll lll.li lliliil'l' \\.I.I
lllrll .ll'llm It! v. lll ('Htl]!.‘i lillltli
\lllllull'll li.l .‘"lltlt:llllt‘li belt (!I'
ll‘illlll lirl ll). lll.» ‘dllliitl ill llll' lull:
iiilllltlil. |llI\ ii'lll.‘t' llI lullllll llilt
tiny I.llilitll lltlil ('Ililllt‘i' lli‘lillil ull
Eli't' \l‘il' t'tlllllill‘ill o1 ll‘\’t‘i.lll§4 ill
l.lllll‘:. ill lllt' ili"\l lli‘lilt‘li.
; The final ll‘lllll .‘xlillillllllgh‘ ill Ill.
illili'ililliit'lll tli‘t‘I
Brooklyn 111i ‘ g -l
(JCN Y  Zlii :l
Slain, .. . . ill E)
Cooper Ullloll it! ll
NYU  . it! ill
I St. .lollil'r.  ill: ‘Jil‘
Qilot‘llh‘ .. ,. r till
I Union .......................... ,. 23

team has shown little to date. For—1
l'I-st has carried the entire scoring

‘l'tll'k ‘

Moloney’s
Beloney

J.R.M.

Under consideration at the present
time by MAA Council is a scheme
which should do wonders in democ-
ratizing Intramural Council.

It seems that a month ago, the
latter body appointed a committee
to formulate a constitution which
was intended to clarify the relations
of Intramural Council with MAA.
Hitherto Intramural Council has
had no separate constitution. The
big point is that the newly drafted
Intramural document contained
among other things an excellent
plan for determining that body’s
l iileiiibership.

1‘ At. a joint meeting of Intramural
; Council and MAA, it was found that
tail of Intramural's demands could
be met by making slight amendment
ill the existing MAA constitution.
’I‘liose amendments are pending and
it" made. will set up the new system
;of choosing Intramurai's member-
ship which we mentioned above.
,’l‘hcl'r- will be no separate Intra—
lmurnl constitution as ﬁrst planned,
since that. council is merely a sub-
,conlmittce of MAA. l
l The new method of choosing In-
!tramural Council members now
Ipcnding is worthy of explanation.
' Up to the present, the Intramural
Council for the cotning year is so-
Ilcctcd by MAA Council in meeting
l at the end of the college year. There
is; no special basis for choosing the
,i'cprescntatives at that time.
‘ Under the new proposed scheme.
1‘ representatives to Intramural Coun-
lcii will be chosen by the Cotincii
itself. The posts will go to groups
‘lColicgc House. KDR, SLS. etc.)
i which. in the opinion of tile COIIl‘iCll,’
will be participating most in sports
during tile coming year. In other
words. the Council will determine
which groups deserve representa-
tion on the body. Each group so
designated will be entitled to solid
a mall to Council for the year.

The total membership of the
Council then will probably change
‘l'l'olll your to year. varying Witll the
lllulnbcl' of groups who are deemed
lwol'thy of representation. Tile de-
lmocl'ncy of such a system cannot be
"Cfllilly challenged.

 

 

Grads Beat Potter;
! Hold Second Spot

l The Men‘s Intramural Basketball
, League i'csulllcd activity with a slate
loi' three games Tuesday. Tile Grads
‘dei'cutcd Potter Club 28-19 to gain
llllcil' lil'th victory and thus keep,
tpuoc with the league leaders from!

 

STATE-COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1941

«.I

J. R. Maloney Peels out; 

And SellQn Southern Soiourni

by James R. Maloney

(Editor's Note:- Thta is not “Ma-
loney’s Delaney.” This Is "Maloney’s
Southern Fried Chicken”—-an eye-
witness account of the Orange Bowl
Game as seen through the bleary
eyes of the News Sports Editor.)

11’ the fruits of victory at Miami’s
Orange Bowl game New Year’s Day
were the well known citrus them-
selves, Georgetown emerged from
the battle with little more than the
peelings. The luscious juice wont to
lucky Mississippi State. To the offi-
cinls, this observer would award the

'seeds.

Never have we seen an athletic
contest of any sort in which the de-
cisions were so ﬂagrantly one-sided.
A ten yard line observer should
never insist that he can call ’em
more accurately than the men in
white whose very mses protrude into
every play. Regardless—it looked
bad to the vast. majority of payces
who roasted there on January 1
under the hot Florida sun. Maybe
it was because we were all rooting
for Georgetown. Btit then, we talked
to several Mississippi fans Whose
opinions coincided With our own.

 

FTosh Win Victory
ln Rivalry Contest

intramural Basketball Scheduled
For Completion Next Week

Wednesday night saw the gay
young sophomores neatly trounced
by a team of freshmen who were out
to decrease the difference between
the rivalry scores. However, their
victory, to the tune of 15—4, does not
garner the three rivalry points for
them. It will be necessary for them
to meet the sophomores Wednesday

night at eight o’clock for the second '

game of the rivalry series, as the
points are awarded to the team
which Wills two out of three games.

 

Standings Wednesday Night

Won Lost.
llorm A 2 0
Ilorin II ‘ ti
.liinipers t)
(‘onimutern II I
(looper llouuo
llorm C
.\Ioreinml "iIIl
' Western Hull
(‘oinlnuieru A
Newman Hull
Wren Iliiii

i;NTD-—-——

 

In the women’s intramural loop,
a close game was won by the Conl—
muters over Wren Hall in the first
intramural tilt of the same evening.
This conflict ended 10—8, tilercby
giving Wren Hall its second loss of
the season. They forfeited to Dorm

C just before the Christmas vaca—.

tion.
Eleanor Grounds, captain of bas—

ICollt'Iu- iiousc ill the will C(lllllllll.‘kctbnll, announced that the rest of

ullilough they have suffered one
‘Ai'lt'l' living the score 3-3 iii the illi-
'lul quarter. the Grads went ahead
In llud iii-ll lit halftime. Potter

(‘lull threatened the Grads' lead ianridm,
the third period bringing the scorclspekiﬁg

i
‘ltl lti«l.‘l.
llllit‘(l their efforts in the final quar—
il-r Io lolllltlu-il the (ll'nds‘ lead and!
rill, Ell-it). Parker and Gowdy were!
high st'lil‘I‘l'H with 12 poiilt apiece.
'lln- liilillIJlt‘i‘S lloscti otlt SLS lil
lllt' thriller of the evening, winning
by u score of 21—20. SLS clicked

 

Standings Wednesday

\I'oli [mat
(‘iIilI-gl- "()Ith' (I
(Innis .

l‘IIIlI-l' ("lull . 4 . . . . . . . . . . ..
Ibil|l|lil liclll

l'.\|{ .. .

in)“

his-l

“lilllllll'l'n

(lillllll‘l'h

 

I!"ll"‘ llll' Ill'sl halt to lend 12—6.
'wuu I‘lll'l'llu‘ chi-citing during the

Pm'k” "md Go‘de Con" * complete their hours by that day.

lllll'tl period the Illulibici's tied the?

Hill :Il llirlii. 'ihe score was tied
Hill I' lllilt": ill the llliill period. With,
llll‘ :x'tll'c l‘liitillt'fl til. 20430 lllltl with
only 30 seconds remaining ot' the
.luulw. llull llllt‘t'l came through with
u (lnil‘l‘ on finish as he (lid lll foot-
ball against SilS when he caught
a pass ill the final 30 seconds to
more and will the game. This time1
he .«nu-I-essi'uliy converted all all—
iIllpol'lltllt. foul shot to will for the
l Rillllblcl's.

the intramural games will be played
on Wednesday nights of second sc-
nletcr. The games will be posted
Oil the WAA bulletin board.
Basketball practice ends iicxt
therefore those who are
basketball credit should

l5 Melon

by the presence of many
was “(,‘huck" ll‘l'tillkllll, or,
not (‘l’ltll'ltts l“l‘ilill(llil, Ulll

Whistling Prevalent

It seemed that almost every time
that the Hoyas got off to a decent
advance, the Whistle would inter-
vene, with the ball being shoved
back. Such interventions brought
lusty bones from the stands. The
refs were also of great assistance
to Mississippi offensively, donating
to the Maroons more yardage than
all their backs combined were able
to make. As one Miami paper
playfully (though accurately) put
it, the officials did more whistle
tooting at the game than did the
whole Miami police force on New
Year's Eve. And from one who
knows too well, there was a bit of
traffic in Miami that night!

Bathing Beauty Parade

Speaking of New Year’s Eve
offers an excellent opportunity for
us to expound upon the King
Orange Jamboree parade to which
we lent an eye that evening. For
those who may not know, the
Congo Bowl game is but the oil-
maxing event of a week of festivity
in Miami, similar to Pasadena's
Tournament of Roses. Bathing
beauties (and we do mean beauties;
are paraded around for days, with
the big exhibit coming in the form
of a giant procession down Biscayne
Boulevard on the night before the
game. This season's parade was
something like ﬁve miles long and
required 2'4 hours to pass a given
point. Another conﬁdential note:
blcacher seats can get awfully hard
in that time!
Social Studies Notes

Was irked by the treatment ac-
corded the Negrocs throughout the
South. Was also irked by the lack
of paint on the Southern farms. Il‘k
No. 3 was the 19 cent cigarette price
a butt‘s throw from the nearest
factory! A parting shot: tempera-
ture hovered nicely around '70 and
80 all the time—which ﬁrmly con-
vinced us that we should have picked
the University of Miami in the ﬁrst
place.

Skating Commences
With Wintry Winds

Despite the fact that Ole Man
Winter has deﬁnitely made his pres-
ence felt in the form of biting wind
and freezing cold, Ruth Rockcastle,
'42, chairman of winter sports, an—
nounces that the time-honored
sports, tobogannitig and skiing, will
have to be delayed until more snow
is provided. It seems that ice is
not very condttcivc to skiing and
l tobogganiling.

However, ice will provide just the
foundation for ice-skating enthu-
siasts. and Jane Gi'ccnnlun, ’43, will
be at the Washington Park Lake on
Fridays from seven to nine and Sat—
urday afternoons from three to ﬁve.
She will also supervise at other
times by appointment. This year
the rcquil'elnents for skating credit
lli'tl ten hours, three of which must
be supervised by the captain.

 

ey Next?

(‘lll'istlllas vacation around Albany was enlivened

tlllifol'ills. lll one of them
pardon us, Second Lieutellv
ted States

Arl'ny Air Corps. (‘htlck, who gradu-
ated from State ill itllhl, was Sports

l‘ltllltli' of the S'I'yl'lc t'»
ill his senior year.

i.l.l“.ill".

.\' l: w s

He received his collllllissioil after
training at ltaudolpll II‘ielIl Ill Texas.

He is at present stationed

at l\‘lc(iill

Field near Tampa, Florida. Perhaps

the most ironic part of (‘

listuleut ill the air corps was the fact

bucks on-

that he tlullkcd the physical oxalllillatioll at liiollt-

golllel'y Ward but passol
examination.
The uniform and a spol

! the very stiff air corps

'ty brown nulstachc on his

upper lip caused many it feminine heart to fiuttc' and

many a male countenance

to turn green with envy.

According to Franklin the air corps is practically
heaven on earth and from his appearance, it can

readily be believed.

 

 

 

