V_    southern,

srArs COLLEGE news, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 1.1941

 

 

- Quarterly Will Aid

week.

Debaters to Attend Conference
At UnIVaraity of Rochester
For Annual Stata Meat

In addition to attendenc
1Annual New York State Debate?(Chili‘-B “$3” Who wants to get a JOb'
04:32:. Ill/£11011 Will be held in 30- the Placement Bureau i “ t
Wm en. e Varsity Debate Squad red" in this issue Mr Susi“-
and easgage tin eanswe 50113119171 writes of his recent‘tri silihl‘u gel:
Semesterei‘g 3111‘s during the second the western part of the? stat ougd
wunam - Gil ﬁgrghe leagersmp 0f Westchester county. on 543211
English alld PauYI. 0118 3mm , in trip he met many principals and
President of Debate éfuni’i‘i, tiilé 525$? 9% on preterm qualm'
Eligible: :1 thti squad Will also am crystalizes hnis  Line”
nearby cone seer es of debates with This edition of the Quarterli
mtmm l 8 8. gs well ’as in several also contains the report r J

Th ura and heckle debates. branch or amz ti 0 a new

e squad will leave on an eastern bur h g a on m New—

trip on February 17, which will in- g I

 

Employment Seekers

‘7 _ _ l ‘ Want to get {a Job? Be sure to
   -. . , read the mid-winter editio
‘   State College Alumni Queries;

which is being distributed this

issue is of special interest to the
undergraduates, slnce the few announced. Dr. Hoffmann will speak
on the World.S Student Servlce ban a dozen men who have made a

ture article concerns ever
1’
Fund, an organization whose object h" In Um“: Sam's big numbers

Hoﬂmann Talks

Mrs, Bertha glimmer of the the United States will be the

s eak-
Alumni Office announced. “This er I" this morning's assemblyppro-
gram. president Merrill Walrath has lucky number in America's greatest

Bulger, Director of is to aid European university stu-

dents.

Dr. Hoifmann’s speech will initiate
a one week campaign at State Col-
lege to secure funds for the WSSF.
The campaign is to be conducted
under the chairmanship of Peter
Fulvio, ’42. One of the contemplated
means of raising money is a dance
which is to be held in the Commons
next Friday afternoon. Chairman of
the dance, which will last from 3:30

In Page Today

Dr. Conrad Hoffmann, Jr. secre- '
tary of the Board of Natlon'al Mls_ Ever been drafted in a draft? Ever soDhomore year' mac locked forward

sions of the Presbyterian Church in think how you would “91 and What

State Conscripts’ Opinions

Differ on Subject of Army

 

to the stay at camp as an intellectual.
and spiritual experience. “I want,"
said Mac, “to rub elbows with the
rich and the poor--the weak and the
mighty. The army is a great leveler."

"I’d just as soon go,” was the
answer of Abe Savitsky, ’41. So en-
thusiastic is he about the scientific
side of warfare that he says, “If I
weren’t in school, I guess I’d be
there already.” But Abe isn't quite

you would say if, you were fortunate
(or unfortunate) enough to have a

lottery? Well, State College has more

game. The payoff comes July 1.
With a big smile on his face, Hy
lilieltz, :11, ileplied, "Oh, yea, I’m in
avor 0 go ng. Sure, wh sho '
I? After all, I won't havleI anyurlicllalzs: sat to go: he sun has to pass a
work to prepare." Hy was in favor physmal exam In May'

pf the exemption of married men. Les Gerdts' '41' was 0“ ms way to
Why sure.” salcl Meltz’ “that would basketball practice. He was indiffer-
cause a rush of marriages, and that em‘ “After 31" If we have to goi we
would increase the population. and have to go‘ It's hem” to get it Over
that would increase the birth rate. With hero” we go out and get a
and‘ ln tum, prospectlve teachers permanent job which we might have
won’t have to worry about getting to give up".

 

 

 

clude debates with such 0 onents

Gmggl‘slztlcmlegg, tYale 55d Browar‘l Tax Board R
5 es, an he U i
Colinecticut. n versny 0f eports
southern trip, which will r -

ably take place during the midrlleogf
March, is also being planned. The
State squad will meet Rutgers Uni-
versity, Hofstra College, Queens
College, the College of New Rochelle
Columbia University, and the Col—1
lege of Mount st. Vlncent Edward L. Cooper, treasurer of

A delegatlon of state debaters wlll Finance Board, announces that the
attend the New York State Debate Student tax deﬂelency has dropped
Conference, which will be held at more than $300 in the last two
the Unlverslty of Rochester during months. However, the total deficit
the latter part of April. The subjects stands’ as of taday' at “800'
which will be discussed are: the St. The greates‘ “no” e’dsts In the
Emma sewway’ cumpulsory autm graduate group. This is important
bile insurance. a free state universi- Since» 85 Mr- Cooper explains “Even
ll, for deservlng Students. and a de_ if the purchase of student tax tick-
fense program for New York State. ets in the four classes were 100% it

The squad Wm also hold a large would still be necessary to obtain
number of lntmmuml and campus 12 graduate student full taxes to
giggltgron fligtllilt, humorous subjects. 00"” the Image“

5 o e team will address Thus for. the board ' ' ‘
lzlllietll/grlltléijsmrél’ublsl aAllgagll'lganlzatlons porgslsl, the Freshman clasguililflleelfis
, n e payment of
The freshmen fledgings, under an almost 100% poyisilggﬁn'l'll:

Freshmen Ahead in Payments;
Cooper Urges Cooperation

Decrease in Deficit

Jobs.

I don’t think I'll get married for a
while yet. In fact, if I can get a com-
mission in the army, and they pay
me enough. I'll make a career of it."
And then as an afterthought Bill
turned toward his girl again and
said, “But anyway, the army will

Clarence Olsen, ’41, did not like

Bill Thomas '41 looked with one the idea or haVin

’ i g to give u valu-
ebge at his girl and plainly talked able time to receive army tFaining.
a out marriage and the draft. “011, He said he was definitely interested

in education and that his chief in-
terest was there, not in learning how
to shoulder a gun.

“I'll be there with the rest of the
boys for national defense." was the
cltlncise statement of Roy McCreary,

the guidance of Louis Jones, in-
structor’in English. and Miss Janet
Sharts. 41, have scheduled an active

and sophomore classes are increas-
ing half-tax payments. Since the
latter part of December, the board

DR. CCN RAD HOFFMANN—
who Will speak on aid for Euro-
pean university students in
today’s assembly.

 

 

to 5:30 P. M. is Marion Adams. ’43.

Sggé'nllllltlesi‘ﬁil'fli nggllilegny marriage The majority seem to be looking

- ~ forward to com P ‘l ‘

Mac Cappon '43 had no ob' ' p. m mp8, after they
. . iection get there. the ’1]

to being called up at the end of his wasn't so bad fiftel‘ﬂiglcll. that State

 

Geo. D. Jeoney, Prop. Dial 5-1913

Boulevard Cafeteria

TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY N Y

 

 

The admission price of the dance

 

program for this semester The has i'ecelVed 9
, 6 i -
ggfalitigien will engage in six or seven men‘s: s n half tax pay‘
and a: gsgr:etlgihboring colleges. Payments are still being accepted
scnedumd M rp has also been in Mr. Cooper‘s office All student
        5°  
s o '
school organizations and clubs. menctgmaglestgonfurii gbsslililg-tax pay-

 

 

has not been set.
Also on the program for this
morning's assembly is the announce-
ment by Dramatics and Arts Asso-
Ciation of the two new appointees
to D and A Council. The announce-
ment is to be made by Mary Miller
41, president of Dramatics and Arts
Association. The eight sophomores

After a long class...
pause and

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1941

 "Q "lair"

VOL. XXV, NO. 15

 

 

Sickness, Stickness,
Wedlock Cause Exit

Gone—gone—gonel As more
and more days pass, more and
more people leave State College.
That's not propaganda; that‘s a
fact.

Revenue Oilicial
Explains College
. I
Tax IExemption
Some get married. some get

Pmllts OI SCh°°l Ami” Used sick, some apparently will not
In Funds For Educational stick; money troubles, studies
. - too- anyway. we have a clue.

eto Taxation '
Am" Immun Registration actually has drop-
ped from 1204 in September to

Direct result of a recent interview
1146 in February, a difference of

between Harry Hickey, Commission—
er of Internal Revenue. 14th Federal 58. The Sophomore class which

tax district, Stanley Smith. '41, and breezed in on the backs of 250
James Portlcy. ‘43, member of newcomers has dwindled to 217.
Finance Board. was the announcc- seven of whom left school for
mcnt yesterday that many State various reasons since September.
College social affairs will be exempt Freshmen attendance stands at
from the 10% defense tax. in :w- 11 less than the crew that en-
cordance with certain special regu- iorcd five months ago.
lotions. Dean Nelson attributes most of
- the loss in rc'lstrntion to mid-
Show Prom Attempt. . your gl'iiflllflLIOEIl of soniors and
"The important “mm 15 to Shqu withdrawal of graduates and un-
that a reasonable atlcinpt at prolill dpmmdump Students."
has been made and that lhoso profits
will be turned over to a fund of the

. l. .n'fl l," S ith cmpha— , ,
gill-[211.6 51m CC m Iowa Artist to Give
Illustrated Lecture

 

“It might clarify our findings and
also show some of the obstacles we
had to overcome for state approval

t u e test case: I
0 s a f '45 had 5p- Grant Wood WillAppear Feb. 26

“Suppose the class 0
proximated costs for its Senior Ball Under Sponsorship of SCA
Grant Wood. Iowa artist, will ap-

at $925. On the basis of past sales.

300 tickets were to be sold. The com-
mittee must make [1 reasonable ﬂt‘ Dear all State College under the
tempt at lii‘Oﬁtr remember. if they auspices of Student Christian Assoc-
WiSh l0 olilily for tax exemption- iation on Wednesday, February 26,
“If they set $350 as the price 0f in Page Hall. This contemporary
the ticket, thus assuring an income American artist will give an illustrat-
of $1050 and a net profit of $125. ed lecture on the subject “Regional
they would receive tax exemption Art."
upon agreement to turn the profit Acclaimed as one of the foremost
into an educational fund. modern American painters, Wood
“Should they set $3.00 for the cost achieved wide fame on the conti-
of the bid, income would be $900. It nent where he spent years in study
is obvious that no profit is expected, and work. It was in Munich. Ger-
nothing would enter the required many that he acquired the touch of
educational fund and tickets would simplicity and realistic detail that
be placed under tax. distinguishes him as a truly great
painter. This use of simple, realis-
Blldget Allotments Padded tic detail in his paintings has brought
One factor that enters is the class him just recognition as America's
budget allotment for Senior Ball. “painter of the Son," H15 work 15
Continuing the some example. lm- marked by the regular, straight, al-

WSSF Climaxes

agine the cl

ass had fixed $225 as the most harsh features of the farmer

Campaign Today

Schedules Dance in Commons,-
Committee Hopes Donations

Will Reach Total ol $100

The World Student; Service Fund
drive reached its peak at State Col-
lege today. Climaxing the campaign,
and at the some time closing it, is a
dance to be held in the Commons
this afternoon from 3:30 to 5:00
P. M.

Co-chairman of the affair are
Marion Adams and Arthur Flax.
sophomores. The entire proceeds
from the dance, whose admission
price has been set at 15 cents. will
be given to tho WSSF. The music
will be furnished by the college
amplifying system. Arrangements
havo been made to secure new roc-
ords for the dancers.

3-10 Collected

More than $40 has already been
collected in the week-long campaign
at State. The most spectacular fea-
lure of the drive was the “Second
Floor of Draper Drive" which was
instituted yesterday by the WSSF
workers. The drive, which is under
the direction of Paul Skerrit, '43,
represents an effort to obtain
enough pennies from the combined
senior-sophomore and junior—fresh-
man classes to reach from the base-
ment of Draper Hall to the second
floor when laid and to end.
Goal Requires $10

Skcrrit expressed the hope that
sufficient money would be collected
to enable at least one of the two
contesting groups of classes to reach

required for the pennies to reach the
goal.

speech of Dr. Conrad Hoffman Jr.

Switching Hour Near
For Quaking Pledges

Twenty-two Potter Club pledges
and six Kappa Beta pledges are
looking forward to more than a
basketball game tonight. For
them, midnight becomes the
switching hour, when ancient
traditions by the fistful are
heavily impressed on their mem-

ories.

David Bittman, '43, has engi-
neered ceremonies for Kappa
Beta neophytes throughout the
Week. He and Harold Duffy, '41,
Potter Club pledgemaster, kept
the Commons crowds laughing at
ingenious hazing stunts.

Clausen Reveals‘

Revised Program
For Frosh Camp

Faculty to Supplant Student
Inﬂuence ln Orientation
on SeptemberWeelrand

Men's Freshman Camp, once the

scene of exaggerated anecdotes, is
about to have its face lifted.

Reorganization plans revealed yes-

terday by Dr. Ralph C. Clausen,

Potter will entertain new incin-
bers at a formal dinner and
ritual tomorrow afternoon. KB
formal initiation is set for a fu-
ture date.

Juniors To Elect

assistant Professor of science, will
lend an aura of unfamiliarity to the
patch of cabins on Cassayuna Lake,
as far as veterans are concerned.
The free and easy atmosphere of
pasl- years will be gone next Septem»
ber.

Siricl‘er faculty supervision is to

 

the second floor. More than $10 is Blanket Bid $5.50

Workers in the WSSF campaign of the class of 1942 and general

are striving to make the total col- chairman of Junior Weekend, has
lections reach $100. The drive was announced that bids for prom,
Luncheon and Tea Dance are now

begun last Friday by the assembly
on sale at the traditional table in

Tuesday Ballot to Pick Ruler
From Five Class Nominees;

Sale ol Bids Underway

The balcony of the Commons will
be the scene Tuesday of the election
of the Junior Prom Queen by the
class of 1942.

The candidates in the election are
as follows: Marion Duffy, Marjorie
Gaylord, June Haushalter. Kathryn
Peterson. and Mildred Swain.

Voters must have paid both class
dues and Student Tax. Polls will be
open from 9 A. M. to 4 P. M.

Marjorie Gaylord. Vice-President

the lower hall of Draper.

 

Myskania Suspends

Banner Rivalry
Myskania announces that from

end will be offered for $5.50.

Blanket Bids for the entire week-

Luncheon and Tea Dance on Feb—
ruary 22 will fill out the weekend

will attend; others may be present
by invitation. The weekend camp
will assume the status of starting
point in the freshman orientation
program.

Attempt at Real Frosh Camp

“The idea," according to Dr.
Clausen, director for the third year,
to make this a real freshman
camp. We intend to have no repeti-
tion of the upperclassmen social
gatherings characteristic of recent
seasons.”

Plans are to renew the system of
a definite faculty adviser to each
bunk practiced until four or five
year ago. Early in the history of the
11-year-old camp weekend series fa-
culty influence was an integral part
in the routine. Dr. Donna] V. Smith,
professor of social studies. earliest
leader of the program, observed this
week that Freshman Camp regula-
tions became increasingly lenient be-
cause of the “stuffiness” of those
first weekends.

Real purpose of the camp became
obscured with the advent of upper-
class dominance. The Frosh were
that bewildered clump of strange
faces in the center, or rather, at the

W be the keynote. Only the uppcrclass-
22 en ueen men necessary in the administration

 "if?" c “ e

i

rug, _

advance on dance “05m It may Seem {01k 0f Iowa- 12 midni ht Thursda until 12 taking place at Jack’s Restaurant
that this sum is padding the budget. Grant Wood’s paintings satirize mldnlglltgwday Bannil. Rivalry and the Ingle Room of Alumm 3951- Eggtlgﬁitag ggpegsén'rshfgdapmgﬁgg
In View Of the Separate Class gift the people or his home State' Yeti has been suspended completely. dence Hall No. 1 Everyone is invited noon about actualltles of stile Col_
fund appropriation. According to because 09155 brilliance: his Work has This has been done in order that to attend Prom and Tea Dance, but le 6 than the had Frlda momln
smith, however, the reality of . the aroused the admiration of the self— matures of the class banners may Luncheon has been llmlted to mem_ g y y g.
dues situation denies this. Failure same people whom he satirizes. be taken wltllout a mob scene bers of the sponsoring 01355, To Develop Friendly Relations
to 00118“ enough for 9‘ Sufflcleln .  painting “Of American GOth‘ such as the one that character- "inoublc K'_0k"——Mathews In the 1941 camp thre will be ade-
working balance counteracts possi— 1c ,' was the clowning achievement lzed gll.l.S x.lvalry_ wmlam Mathews chairman of liberate development of lrlendly re_
ble Charges 0f lioddmfiv lie Claims. I thl} elevaWd him L? the ranks Of‘ Myskania requests that all rival Mllle Commlttee llas' announced lations between student and faculty.
“In figuring incomel. the senior Americas foremost artists, and it is class members klndly refmln that the services of Al- Kavenn and Before classes begln’ the freshmen
member pointed rout, the class can 111- this capaCity that State College from any actlvltles durlng the ms nationally known Cascading will come to have a general idea of
inelude this $229 as we“ as the Will‘bom see and hear him 0“ F81" stipulated time. Chords orchestra will I)llw for Prom. the problems ahead of them as well
“0km proceeds' lumy 26' and Don Killion, backed by several ‘ 0f me people to Whom they can
favorable engagements at State will tum for adVlce'
conduct at Junior Tea Dance. 01 Within a month, more specific
these two orchestras he says: “1 plans on organization should be
firmly believe that in this ‘doublc K’ available. Dr. Clausen promised.

. ,
    c0mbination We have hit upon a Names of the student director, fa-
g 0’ happy medium of dance entertain- culty and student administrative as-

whims of sistanls will be released about the

T—W man that will satisfy the I I
| The essence 01' their discovery was everyone at our affairs. Kavelin who some time. A noticeable decrease in
l
I

who are vying for the Council posi-

Freshmen Sorority Pledges
6 ,. tions are: Irene Anibal, Elizabe
Get Hell Week9 Workouts also an?

Shirley Ott, and Elizabeth Taylor.

 

Freshmen, you.re not so 0 don't officially know to d n
we?gvgalliglell admlt lt or bewariotgélthen be suddenly struck dial: .and
0 your sororit s ' M ' ' ' I
 ..   arias:  taster: °‘ 3? °.‘ 
scious upperclassmen. Maybe selves to in WI' submit'them~ A debate on the remuon Of the
seems like any Other week to you. 6 real lest of the“. good church and science pitting the New-
to freShman phages. it means dresl nature, lnformal lnltlatlon cel.e_ man Clubs of Rensselaer Polytechnic
5mg your hair m weird pigtails memes. They may well record tales Institute and State College will
soucmng love letters from Strange, to termy future generatlons of highlight the Thursday evening
boys, (“Imaging hallowed laws of‘pledge‘g‘ meeting of Newman Club. President
cosmetics and fashion_and finally, Refusal to cooperate holds its own Frederick Ferris, '42, announced that
beaming faithfully as if everyone nlghlmﬂms. Last year a sophomore the meeting will star-t; promptly at
were belng Wonderful klnd to you. who was a rebel freshman at the time 7:30 P' M" at Newman Han With
How lngenlOUS the muons pledgelsaid "nuts" (or the equivalent) when benedlcmon'
masters are determlnes the extent she was ordered to sing the Greek
Eli hazing. The Lady Macbeth Mt m alphabet to the tune of a current
9 Commons this noon was the in- song. So they baptized her first with

 

State, RPI Newmanites Meet

 

 

 

Class Balance Decreases x .
It is important to consider that    
tax exemption in effect takes con- _
trol of profits away from the classl
The money given to the fund na-l
turally rcduccs the working balance
in the treasury. Eventually. though.
' ' I . since all money left in the treasury by Andrew Tulms
ﬁllgégﬂlaﬁfsggéosiigl‘: 'Iihelgs comd water and than dipped her face m “ Emil J.  at class graduation comprises 111.03 It all depends on the way .Vou look
wllh a short year of infant? entally.lf10ur barrel. Also she had to crawl Elms Ell-l msewe‘ me same and 15;“ it. Do you wam to make some
ones behlnd them F a 0“ mem- down stairs with a lapful of books. You“ COLLEGE FLORIST ' v . llclllevcd M R (mm-em “mg, . money and my the lax. 0,. do you mlsslon was l0 be charged
. avorlte haven This year she was made )1 1r . - Sophomore 501m: on Aprll 4 Will wnm, Lo make more money, not pay obliged to pay the tax unless a pro-
I I my?“ comer 0mm“) b" “‘0 first “m1” ‘0 “mm” 1i)" m" the 11194. iiiid QiVL‘ Hie iiiOiiCi’ “Wily? fit wore realized from the function

of hazcrs. the Common saw a scorclnmler at Benson St
I CXI'iiililioii. ii ii” regulations “1'9 m}- Aiil'Wiil' i’Oii Willii it i11C boys Ciiiilund that. profit was turned over to cor of State."
‘l‘ix it. up for you. an educational, charitable, or re-

Of giggling pinafored Kap ' _r
: pa Deltas- l ' '
to-bc perform their version of they . 4 ‘ I I ' “1M1 l I —T—” TH
I  ‘ . ' V ~ 7- r—W The boys are Stanley Smith. '41. ligious fund. In this, they thought, I
v- and drums Porllcy. '43. The tax is‘luy lhc way out.  TO Prepare  Concert to Feature
. I
For Comprehenswes Grattan s Orchestra

sophisticated Con 'l
ago. 8a dance two day-sl Kodaks Cine Kodaks 
But that's- nothing A A“ C I I l I I
. - 2. ccrtalnl ulny amera Shop, Inc. 0 - - llhp 10'. my lliiposcd by the ictiei'ilir Alter consulting Hui‘i'y Hickey'
Plomincnt blonds frosh has been 204 9 HITSI’I  Introduce 'govcrmncm lo raiso funds for dc-,Commlssioiioi' 01' 111mm”) vaenue
Oidcred to conduct a lcnl' l wusmngton Avenue ‘ I H I IV A C I I "
Shade of m m p L n the MBA A  R I t. MW. purlymm 11w monry is Wli‘it iii UHF “iill‘m'm'h lax (“Stuck and M Hwy—me
. o oak table in the 1 NY, N. Y. 552m Y eso U IOn the Junior mid Sophomore classic.receiving 1m; assurance Lliiiii the e.  ' ‘ - l  i 'U ‘ ’ I ' '
VI H V .Wlwcl ll, “lulu. l,“ Prom and Silll'ix‘lllll‘lllfltl which they bud evolved for l 11,01)?“ lug?.030:6”;lilIlII-llflhoinbuilt ppm.”- 1.1m ﬁlxmiollng or sci-Vitae
Sll Bllhllll'hh' will bu Llli‘. thonw of llilb.‘rospm-lm-ly. vi'li‘immg "M'mlm‘m 1mm lmymvm “(121132; 1slolLl‘i‘iltsilldiw lll'l]()l"§ will be I-ll‘llll-mlllﬁm] glint/£11111  l'HSHOXI-l
WI]. 7 morning's assembly lli'f'Ul'illlllL to Tllf‘ lit-ginning gocs buck lo SW’I‘” “1" U”; “u” MIM' “my wmt mm Ilisi-usscd  I‘lll‘ lrlnliurlillnll‘ﬁ of Pi filial-hiri‘vi Illiililguciilhwil ’Iilijlfi‘SdiV
.--' ,. ' ...r , ' i i i' l'... .v is! i_ " " "" ' ‘1' .l'li ): IV— ‘4” I I‘ I IV" V I‘ I h I k ‘
ltney s For Your Milllll Wnliiuli 41. piieimm, of tin umbu. l..ul,\ inst ..(lll(.HI(l. \tliiii 1mm HIHI iiiiii U“ l“ I “‘1 M“ inmmo Mu. lionm‘uiy i-voi'iiil bliiill‘r‘b of 8:15 1’. M. The concert is under
EVENING MAGIC
(illsicning. glamorous gowns in
your most becoming color; gay

I om»....ss.omsmsms.,..-a..._.. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

this: all associations in, the college wrote “I Give You My Word." a top fraternity sway probably will be ap—
liolding any functions at which ad- scale popular bit has had some purcnl.

were swell engagements and his success The proposal actually is not 50 re-
means he has plenty in the Wily 01' yolulionury as it seems. Almost an
unusual music in store for the dan- manual“ procedure 15 followed an-
iiually of women’s freshman camp.

 

 

 

 

 

 

You'll enloy the relaxation of a
pause more if you add the ra-
froahmeni of ice-cold Coco-Cola.
Its taste never fails to please,
and it brings a refreshed fool-

Commons replete with “bl ‘
_' , anket’ PIIONI' — "
food, man and all . . ." I 5 4508
Other pledges- must 1' ' i
. . oller skate I). k
over the dance floor appc - I H”
. ’lil a In I I
formal some noon ( ‘ I l ‘ l H  _ , . , ) . .. --l- liooiiiu-‘ v . w .. w. . ~ 'iiiOr- (
lliiil. Comm; MADISON S‘VEE’P SHOP ,’ 2   bill‘liii} Ab’l‘iltiii‘iliiiu   1 _ fillllll “11“. 1“’_'ll‘-\' .115", 1‘ “HI” “lid Ill/“lumk .(f“-‘l‘f"l‘ ill. ‘5' l'rulol'nily, chnrsduy 311.8215 l)- iii the direction of Paul Grafton, '41,
nllllHl 1m imiorluiilon 1.4115011 .mnii of flu inil. 111.11 .111 blah, Co ulhm. 1111,11) Illill. ll flu ,luiuois so in room 205 Druprr Hall Dr. Don- F-i-ri-x F" ti‘l‘llll' '(“s‘ld‘lt M Mr
lion upmnorrd by li'u llll‘iill. '42. li'gl- ol'uimlxulions holding any iii? \\‘l:»lll‘(l they could conduct Prom . h -. . llv 1 w 1 iii A: \ (A) N' I) In a U I m l
; Hlii-i-ilying that oil bllhllli'hs and ad— l'nil's of \‘l'llli'll admission W115 in I)" \\'llll(il|l liillilin iuiy tux lifmidlmr Isllllllli'I'Ylﬁt‘bllllilillsilllhélillh “My w LlIilgi?“limgriidilliIii?“ iiilmxiliirhllisliigii
/ li'L' l 'Ili'kl i‘l‘ In: ';'iI‘ '>~n 'ii l i “I "‘i"'l 3"  i:“"- ‘I'l I. I121" H. A ‘4 l‘ V I I A
, \iiuum. llllillllhil. oi Hi m C(lllLH (inlaid um UllllLHI to on i 10 I , lli(,\ MN ill liiiii numb i0 1 ‘1‘” M155 Cullioilue ()Biyim. Presidtlit pl'li‘e oi ilio event has been set. at 25

cigarette butts with sufcty pins,
celebrate a belated llallowc'cn
liublii'ullons um! otlwr organizations tux on llli' Iii'iiil' “f il“"”""’“’” “th’w‘lum hmu' or me fmu‘rlmv sum plum for u H “H

festival, star in a banana-swallow- .

INAIIA MAN!

ing marathon, clip a lock of a noted
Redheads coiffure. invllc boys they Home Made Ice Cream

and Lunches

 

Dial 8-9038
ELSE’S HAIR DRESSING
"AIR STYLIST
Licensed Zotos Shop

785 Madison Avenue
3 Doors from Quail Street

2'97” We Deliver

 

and port dance dresses in your
favorite style. Luxuriously long
velvet and wool cvcnlng cools
tut not only make you look like
a queen but keep you warm as a
muffin. Come in now and select
your magic for Junior Prom.

Whitney’s Fashion Center
Second Floor

 

 

 

 

 

805 Madison Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

l)t'll('lt)li.‘i illlil

rocvlyiiig Hindi-iii Ahh'flillllllUll funds

.. i'. ' 'e ‘r‘ .. . ,..~ - V , V
11in LIIHI to find ouL ll nllllle way llwn (mm flu. iiowning blow. Sllmohwwlc mllm. Slmlmg mull,

Bill Grafton, the organizer and

5‘ .\ll{i'lichliiiil_1

YOU TASTE ITS QUALITY

ing you will like. So when you
pause throughout the day, make
It the pause that refreshes with
ice-cold Coca-Cola.

Bottled under uuihoriiy of The Coca-Cola Company by

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO.

226 N. ALLEN STREET

ALBANY, u, "

 

 

 

 

 

bo lonnm-riw majors.

“’l‘hlh incusui'c is designated to (‘lllllllilll from Illi' levy.
lllﬁlll'l' morc efficient administration
of orgmimuionul funds," l-Iirsli de—
clui'cd.

in addition to this resolution. out cud. 'l‘licv came back to State. and iricd the
of luck there was better. If everything

They noted estub- turns out as planned, Soiree-goers

Hurry Pussow, ’42, will submit a re- 'l‘hcy went. over the budgets
port on the Brubachcr Memorial previous yours.
Committee. lishcd precedents.

 

the State Library. ’I‘hey studied the
siniulr. 'l'llf‘)’ road legal tomes with— cd. They shrugged their shoulders

could not lli' dryisod to accrue ox— 'l‘lic juniors decided lhul. they would

i'iulirr krcp any profits that they

Smith and l'orili-y wont down to might make and pay the 10% tax.

Porlley and Smith were not daunt-

sophomorcs. Their

will not have to pay any tax.

 

would be mud" at um “me” If odor of the orchestra. is the young-
"WWM'TT' or brother of Pqu Grafton, State

Third Newman IVicl Concert Collrgo scnlor. Grafton. who is at
.._———-———- present a senior at Vinccntion High

The third classical "Vic" concert school, organized the orchestra more
under the direction of Newman Club than three years ago, recruiting his
will be held Tuesday in the Lounge players from the various high schools

 

from 3:30 until 6 P. M. in the city.

 

