 

 

 

The initials are different but the
delicatessen is the same. This week
the Juniors hack the Baloney into
three slices.

The legal proprietor of this col-
umn made reference last week to the
probable “collective” appearance of
Slena’s quintet after the st. An-
selm debacle. After said team Jour-
neyed to the western hinterlands
last week, we strongly suspect that
the Loudonvllle team not only has
put the spectrum to shame, but is
probably frothing at the mouth. Can-
lsius and St. Bonaventure only got 64
and 60 points respectively against
our neighbors, which coupled with
the 43 points Brooklyn Poly made in
its surprising win last Saturday adds
up to exactly 240 markers. What
seems to be the trouble with “Al-
bany's contribution to big-time bas-
ketball?" We know they weren't
playing bums but after the recent
“conscription” which shoved Crum-
mey, Rehfuss et a1, sans Tucker to
the sidelines. one—but not us—would
have thought that the boys were on
their way to the “Writers Invitation."
Maybe the “class” of the Capital Dis-
trict doesn't go to Siena or maybe
the class of said district ain’t, or
maybe something else. Well, Mr.
Bunoski's team may be refuting my
words right now,—not today—against
an oft-beaten U. of Mexico club, but
the score better be high. K

P. .

We wonder how many sports fans
realize that it was exactly 50 years
ago that Dr. Naismith hung up his
historic peach baskets which were
the forerunner of today’s modern
game of basketball.

At the beginning, the players had
the entire floor on which to roam or
rest . . . it was decided that there
was too much resting and not enough
roaming . particularly after a
couple of Illinois high schools played
a 1 to 0 game . and a Big Ten
conference game was won by Wis-
consin by a score of approximately
12-9 . . . There is also a game on the
Pacific Coast where the players on
one side held the ball for 15 minutes
while their opponents read news-
papers and the crowd jeered!

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, THURSDAY FEBRUARY 20, 1941

Statesmen. Face
St. Michael's In
Page Tomorrow

Purple and Gold ngers Drop
Second Tilt to PIetisburg,
Slate's Delense Weak

State College’s varsity cagers will
trot out on the Page Hall surface to-
night at 7:30 to meet a high-scoring
St. Michael’s College ﬁve from Win-
ooski Park, Vermont.

Coach Philip Ryan’s Vermonter's
have had an up and down season,
having beaten Norwich and losing to
New Hampshire. Last week they
took a 46-36 game from Middlebury
and were nosed out by Brooklyn
Polytechnic Institute, 51-47.

state fans came from Page last
Friday with faces longer than old
Rip Winkle's beard; the reason being
the expected loss of another con-
test to Plattsburg Normal College,
46-38.

The Cardinals, led by top-scoring
Ed Beyerle and De Laire, effectively
broke through State’s weak defense
to outscore them easily. Beyerle
gathered twelve points out of the
fray for Plattsburg; and Ellerin
swished in five double-deckers and
four complimentary throws to lead
State with fourteen. The statesmen
were never closer than four points to
the high-flying Cardinals. At half
time the Normals had the advantage
14-23. At one time in the third
quarter they led by sixteen points.

Expressing an unconquerable will
to defeat the team whose members
“receive a diploma," the invaders
swept across the floor with whirl-
wind swiftness to catch the home
team completely unawares. Frank
Hansen scored State's lone field
basket in the first quarter.

It was not until the last quarter
that the local boys began to show
any fight, but then it was too late.
The Cardinals now began to employ
a different set of tactics. Neat set-
ups and ceiling-high throws began
to find their mark. The visitors then
coasted to the victory.

 

Long Lasting Lounge
Laziness Culminatos

 

A feud once raged between Doc-

Meanwell of Wisconsin and Ward
Lambert of Purdue
lected royalties on a certain type of
ball and there was always a squabble
as to which was to be used when
they met . . . Once before il game
Meanwell wired Lambert: “What
kind of a ball are we going to use
Friday night?“

The answer came back:

"A nice, big round one!”

C. M.

WAA seems to have run into many
snags which have hindered the pro-
gress of midwinter season. First in
the snarl stands the conflict between
State and Milne over the use of the
Page gym. Milne has scheduled
basketball for 3:30; therefore the
State girls must wait until 4:30 to
take over. This eliminates the work-

ers and commuters who must lcavc‘

by that hour. On top of this, two
weeks ago «the (lily the Inidwinter
season was scheduled to open), the
gym was not available for State
students because Mihlc was decor-
ating for a dance to be conducted
that evening. Last Friday Milne

illudn't finished their game andI

didn't relinquish the floor until
5 :00 o'clock.

It seems much that State girls
should be so inconveilicncmi and
play second fiddle to Millie.

V. l’.

. each col- i

Girls, attention! Don't forget!
There's American folk-dancing—
square dancing to you—in the
Lounge on Wednesdays at 3:30
P. M. Ginny Lay, who has studied
this homespun art with great
! relish (or something) promises

that you will like it. But you

already know this, if you have
tried it before.
 So take your partners. and come
out now, folks, for the season is
short, and we want to get our
“sets” in full swing!

 

Page Gym Open For Women

All ainloullcclncnt has been made
by WAA that Page Hull gym will be
open for those girls who wish to play
badminton and ping pong on Mon—
.days and Wednesday at 11:00 A. M.
and 1:35 P. M., and again on Fridays
;from 9:00 to 11:00 A. M.
i Miss Johnston requests all candi—
dates for the official basketball ref-

i

icrccs' exam to see ilcr immediately.

EMIL J. NAGENGAST

i YOUR COLLEGE FLORIST

Keep Your Shirt Oh!

(Photo by Kotler)

JIM MALONEY, Sports Editor, is caught taking Jim Chapell-

alias "Csmpbell"- Ior his shirt es s resuliol a recent be! on the outcome
ol the basketball game with Plaiisburg Normal College.

Fran Riani, who unfortunately

Club Seeks New Head
Freshmen Meet
broke her leg while skiing, is expect-

was formerly under her direction is

CH Takes Title

In Court League

In anti-climactic fashion, inter-
ferences, etc., etc., caused the “offi-
cial” termination of men’s intra-
mural basketball this past week with
only the ﬁrst round concluded, con-
sequently, for the second year in a
row, College House whitewashed its
opponents to earn another inscrip-
tion on the court trophy.

However, activity is by no means
over. Games are scheduled for all
clubs next week and three teams
will be fighting tooth and nail to

 

Final Standings

Won Loot
College. "mum . . . . . . . . . . . .. Ii 0

l'oiier (.‘lub . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
"A It . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Kappa liens

Ramblers

n

 

gain a spot in the State-Union-
RPI intramural series. The teams
battling for that place are KDR,
Potter Club, and BAR.

The aforementioned unusual sit-
uation was precipitated in the last
game of the second round last
Thursday when Kappa Beta startled

 

 

 

   ed to return soon. Craft Club. which

seeking a new head and will resume
its Tuesday evening meetings at
Fenimore Cooper House.

Frosh Yellow Devils Seeking
Season's First Win Alter

a "handful" of spectators by eking
out a one-point last minute win
over Potter.

 

Seventh Straight Loss I

The luckiess frosh Yellow Devils
will be out for blood when they meet
up with the Union College Frosh on
the latter's ccurt Saturday night
at 7:30.

The last defeat was witnessed on
the Page Hall boards last Friday
night at the hands of Albany Busi-

reading 27-25.

Nappi of Albany Business docked
five fielders to carry off the scoring
honors with ten points. Combs hit
the cords for 12 points to lead for the
losers. Forrest and Evans were also

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD CAFETERIA

TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH
ness College with the chalk-up
50c

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

DIAL 5-1913

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

outstanding in this game. netting

 

counters at crucial moments.
The Washington Avenue boys ' I
sifted through to score repeatedly -- .  s
and carried the lead at the hall"
21-14. The second phase was an
entirely different story. The Yellow ,
Devils had tightened their defense : I :- _ . . .
and the visitors were only able to . ‘

score one fielder until the last 41
seconds of play.

With the score at 25-23 in State’s
favor, the "14ers tried to score but lost
the bail in u floor scramble. ABC
came down the court with the ball
and Bailey pocketed a set shot to
tie the count at 25-illl. Once more‘
the Businessmen broke through with
Nappi peddling the pill in a neat lay-
up shot. and the game ended before
further action.

 

DIAL 8-9038

Else's Hair Dressing
HAIR STYLIST

LICENSED ZOTOS anon
805 MADISON AVE. ALBANY. NY.

 

 

 

MADISON
SHOE REBUILDERS

307 Madison Avenue
You Pick Up Your Phone
We Pick Up Your Shoes
3-2230 8-2:.30

 

 

 

I
i
i

Corner Ontario at Benson St.

 

 

 

Good Food in A Friendly,
Comfortable Atmosphere

mama's

Kirstrm at Quail


V [S I 'l‘
Whitney’s For Your

EVENING MAGIC

(iiibll‘NiNh, GlAMUIHIIIh GUWNn IN
vuim Mtlhl Ill-.chINu cult)” GAY
ANL) I'Llil DANcr. Difljbtltb IN vmm
I’AVUIii'I'ii blllli, Loxuululmlv LONG
vervur ANil wool. i:V|'NiNG COA'l'i's
'I'iiA'l Nor ONLV MAKE You look List:
A QUth uur KEEP votl WAHM A5 A
MUFFIN. COME IN Now AND ELLECT
YOUR MAGIC I‘on JUNIOII PROM.

Whitney’s Filﬂlllim Center
Second Floor

the day, make if the pause

220 N. ALLEN S’I‘III'IIC'I‘

 

 

 

 

Here’s a drink that is unique. it
never loses the freshness of
appeal that first charmed you.
You drink it and enioy on after-
sanse of complete refreshment.
So when you pause throughout

part of the game
to pause and

Drink

Delicious illlil I
\‘\.\ Rel-rushing I ' f.“
ihai

refresheswilhice-cold Coco-Cola. YOU TASTE ITS QUALITY

lloIIch under authority of The (Inca-(Zola Culllllillly by

ALBAN Y COCA-COLA BO'fTLlNG CO.
ALBANY, N. r.

 

 

 

 

 

Lisa’s“ ‘ I
HATE COLLEGE Foa  * *
ALBANY.N Y}

News

 1
Year

 

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2., 1941

VOL. XXV, NO. ‘11

 

 

Sayles Names Brauner
Freshman Camp Chief

College to Equip
Room in Memory

OF Dr. Brubacher

Feculig, Alumni, Siudenis Unite
n und-Rsising Attempt;
Shakespeare on Program

Henry Brauner, '42, varsity
basketball player, was named
this week as director of Men's
Freshman Camp, Dr. Ralph G.
Clausen, faculty chairman, an-
nounced yesterday.

The appointment, made by
President John M. Sayles, coin-
cided with selection of four
student assistants. Nucleus of
the camp program. all sopho-
mores, are Owen Bombard, fin-
ance; Tom Feeney. athletics;
Arthur Flax, general; George

Student Association, faculty, and
alumni are this Week bending every
effort to raise the $1640 necessary
to furnish completely the lounge of

 

the Alumni Residence Hall No. 2 as Kunz
. , program.
gringllgfxl?Raleihgrﬁggclﬁgesmem' Plans for the 1941 weekend are
_ ' ‘ still ill a general condition,
It is expected that $300 will be Ermine, re 0,.th F L”
obtained next Friday night when 30101.5 and ,‘ﬁeiﬂ‘ “.01 y coun-
‘ , . indelclass assist-
the Advanced Diamatlcs Alumni; ants will be chosen in th near
present “A Night With Bill Shake- future e
speare" at 8:15 P. M. in Page Halli '
auditorium. John Murray. ’41, is.
in charge of presentation and Joseph
Witlley, '41, is producing director.  
Student Association Gives 3200.
At its last meeting the Student.  v. S .
Association voted to transfer thei   
$200 appropria- f
ted last year to.     . i The American folk-lore class un-
furnish a mem- _ der Louis C. Jones of the Elig-
orlal lounge, 1 lisll department. and Newman Club
which was to be are joining hands to present to the
part of a build-  _ ‘ student body a series of weekly con-
ing project in V ' ' ' ' icerts of American folk-ballads and
Huested Hall, to r . '  (symphonic music. Although the con-
the new fund. ' certs feature two distinct types of
Since the pro- ymusic. these two organizations are
posed Huested ,cooperating to bring this music to
project did not the 0011096-
gzliiglangc £10; Audience Will Sing
lack of Skilled John L Hurruy The class ill American folk-lore
labor, the Brubacller Memorial C()lll- I is conducting a gram) or folk-song
mittee, composed of Stanley Slllltlldrecm'll Fecuals on Thm‘Sdﬂ‘V after-
,41, Haze] Roberts. and A. Harryhloolls. in the Milne Little Theatre.
Pussow, juniors, asked Dr. John Md“ 3:30" The swam”? 0‘ concerts
Silyles’ acmmqnmidem' n. a mom features a variety of folk-music.
m the new menus dorm could be The audience at the recitals will
secured and furnished as a memorial . be “mum to Sing "L least one [011"
lounge. Dl._ Snyles approved Lhepmn:50118 each week. Students will each
and suggested that all the organiza— ; collullbme “V9 Cents [or a mud
tions planning a tribute to the. late 1 wmc“ W3“ be used to buy {Olk'song
president pool their resources. 1mm”? loli'uthbe coueﬁe “braill'yblThﬁsc
,, ' h I H ,r l'ccorts w e mace ava a e ‘or
“unﬁlled” N'BM ‘0 M“ the student body. who may borrow
The Advanced Dramatics Alumni. them as they do books. As new al-
323 123113110131 limit Stilﬂkesliem'e f bums of records are purchased for
.' r leg cc at on '10 cam )us= ' -, ' ' 1
and had made plans for “A Nightitli  they WI“ bt pmyea at
with Bill Shake- ’ ' '
I Spameln con_ Newman Carries on
 sented to pl'c-l‘ Newman Club will continue its
' ir per- cycle of recorded classical music
formance for the concerts, which will become a week-
benefit' of thelly Tuesday feature. starting next
memorial fund- week at 3:30 P. M. in the Lounge.
The tOIIOWIhB' Each concert will offer selections

if)“; 00"},mlittlec from opera light classics, and sym-
Lm “no” 0’ “3 phonic works.

3),]?12181112131194e3" Anthony Ingogiia, '42. chairman.
costumes. Johnvhas scheduled the weekly program
'hwnh “Hwy Gmdephe' .41. ii'oaturing the music of such com-.
ights: Cmoliposcrs us Tschaikowsky, Riillsky-,
Golden, '41, Sum Agnes puma-er,,Korsilkoi'f, Dvorak, ulld Ccsul"
Marion Chcsebrough, and WillilllniFI'Ika.
Hardy of the English department
are the faculty advisers.
Pierce Started Building Plan
The Alumni Residence Hall No. 2.
which is now under construction, is
part of tile long-range housing plan ,
bvsun hi’ 1'01'11101' D0011 Amhl 13- Whenever any budget is cut asi
Pierce. The Brubacher Memorial much its 12't"/., the organizations
Lounge will be on the second i'looridl-uwing their funds from [put
of the lllcw building. at the head oi'budgct ul'c bound to suffer. I
I 10 mil " 5L“ "wu-V' The mom wm The budget oi the Stutc College!
Ilc 19 feet by ‘ifi‘ll’OIhhd WI“ he L“meIudcnt Association was cut by that ‘
sioiics high. lilo iul'nisilillgs wiltmmmm lust wwk, ‘
provide maximum comfort for rend-i .  l I w , I,
ing. socinl guthering‘s, and the oil-1 wilm‘hh 1' 1“ mi’lml/‘nuonh' '
[pl-mm,an of guests. I Oi oil the uclivitlcs III. the colicgci
,. _,_.s_-_w,_ to whom the cut uppiics. perliupsi
.Ihc hardest hit is MAA. Wllcn illc'
State Women to Attend iappropriations for the various:
. . , lsporis ill. the collcgc were cut 200W
Student ChrIsiIan Dinner,qu ycur, MAA (lilii‘liilﬁ cut thcir
.cxpcnscs to the bollc. figuring wiicrc
li‘our Stillc sludcnis will ultcnd lhclr money would go to the lusl
lhc lilicl'collcgiulc Student Cin'is— pcluly. Now. with buskclhull and,1
liun Movclncnl Dinner to bc llcid ill ‘ buscbuli contracts for the your sign—i
'l‘roy ionlgili. 'l‘hosc who will ullcnd cd. MAA finds itself williout cnoughi
Inc: Add I'lll'hlliill, ‘41. Alicc l‘uckcr,'nlollc_\ Io pay for the contructs illlll,‘
liuzci ltobcrls. and liulll Vinccnl, llil\(‘ uil'cuiiy bccn druwn up. "'l‘hc,‘
juniors; ulld Miss l‘lelcn Ulll'th‘,Hil'oilullic rcsuil." prcsidcnt Bill}
Sludcni. Cilrisliull Association Ild-‘l'lulicl' Iiccllircs, “is that lilis wiii’
visor. cause u scvcl'o cIIl'iIlilnlcnI. of our
A, “Us “mm,” dinner. mum,” buscbuil scuson. We must take the
students ill thc cupiiul district and “’"”‘3V Um" would "mummy "0
faculty members will have an on NW’” “'1' “Mom”. uh“ “59 1" l0
portunity to renew their Ilcqunint— “""""' “'”' I"‘”""”’“” "xl"’“5““"”
once with student religious life mi 'l‘hc Infirmary fund. the biggest

the colleges of the state. druwm' of Student Association

 

 

College Activities Suffer From Budget Slash

by Andrew 'l‘akus

®. h___..... .m. . r , L. .._. . . , , _..__.,_._.

Debaters Lead

Sage Discussions

Tax Non-Payments Cause

 

Squad Participates in Forum,
Considers Economic Problems
OI National Importance

State College‘s varsity debaters
journeyed to Russell Sage College
yesterday afternoon to participate
in the “Current Issues Forum", a ,
regular feature of the Sage curri- '
culum. This meeting of the Forum :
was the fifteenth of a series, and v
the first in which State has partici- - _
pated. a ' 

The features of yesterday's forum ,
included a brief afternoon meeting.
followed by a banquet at which Dr.
Raymond H. Lounsbury. Professor
of economies at Russell Sage, de-
livered an address.

 

 

 

 

 

Discuss in Groups
At the conclusion of Dr. Louns-

 

bury‘s address. the assembly was

divided into 17 small discussionl

groups of approximately 30 Sage‘

girls each. The various groups, un—

der the leadership of one Sage stu-

dent and a State debater, discussed

Dr. Lounsbury’s topic and others

of current interest. EDWARD L. COOPER, Treasurer,

The Debate Squad is continuing of Finance Board—who this week
its series of lectures before various attributed the general 12'i-% budg-
club groups ill the vicinity of Al— et cut to insufficient tax collections
bany. Four State debaters will pre- and a considerable decrease in en-
sent a model debate on the subject rollment from that of past years.
of housing before the youth group
01' the Jewish Community Center
on Sunday. March 16. Debaters  Clash

The debate schedule also includes I
several additional debates with
neighboring colleges. a continuationi In Taday 5 Assembly
of intramural “licckle” debates, and‘

 Ail/It'lllhchl‘il‘llc“ “"5 been[Two and One-Hall Rivalry Poinis
_ i Will Go to Victor Class
Freshmen Actlve 3 _..____

The FI'CSthh (“513M015 are “150' The attention of the State student
planning several intro-mural and bum, will be focused on Freshmam
‘L‘lii‘el‘colk’ria'lfu?)‘lﬁrlﬁI/CSFL? PIC gejldijli‘ﬁophomore rivalry ill Assembly this
 llvli‘l‘ll'bc 15180522011 :1: L‘I‘l’niorning as representatives of the

' t “ 7 ' " ' ‘ \'-
round table debate which will takeIzlzgsgzatglnhbm mun m “n mt“
place March 3, :11 3:30. in the: D b u r f . L ‘ [I‘ll .
Lounge. Those participating will bci C n_ "if 0" hi, “Mme” Wm
Joseph Higgins. Verne Mursmlulibc Maijmie Bleunig. Rhona Ryan,
Vern Willard, and Marian 8mm. and Bernard Skolsky. while thoso-

The Frosh debaters will meet phomores to speak are Lois Hailey.
Gobleskm On March 25' on a sum Frank Hansen, and Esther Tein. The
ject to be decided shortly. Two oi',Sub-Iec_L ,0! the debut? Will be' “Re'
the neophyte debaters will journcijOIVCd' rhul’ W0???" “0.1,”.5 Should
to Cornell March 31 to take part in [be on the “0110‘ “Mom
:1 round table discussion, while Lois The Freshmen debaters will up-
Hﬂmpcl and Earle Snow W111 peprc- hold _the affirmative side of the
sent Stilto In a. debate with New question. while the Sophomores
Pnlt'l. Normal 5011001, to be held tackle the negative.

April 4. Since the class winning the debate
is to be awarded two and a half
 to Appear Fridays points toward its rivalry score, to—
__ __ day's contest assumes particular illi—

The NEWS Board announces portance for the disputnnts.

Inltll further notice that S'lwru This WI“ he “10 “1'51 “mi3 hi LWO

Common Nuws will continue to up- .VOIH'S thi this IBMUI'C‘ 0f I:hC l‘IVﬂh'y

pm”- On Friday morning. program will be presented at a

Student Association meeting.

 

funds, will suffer a reduction of propriuiion. the S'ri'rn Col,|,|.:(;|.; NMWH

lllUl‘i‘ than $280. Tile effect of faces the possibility of being forced,
the cut will Dc to make necessary to omit some issues Ihc second‘

the curtailment of Ilid to studcnls semester. Said John A. Murray,

News Editor. “Only incrcllscd ud-
MAN BITES DOG

 

vcl'tisiilg and a policy of the strict-
csl. economy will cilubic the News
to follow its original schedule of
issues. Omission of some may be-
come necessary."

M“, L. 1 Although the Pl'llilllflillil' is pro-
m = ll-cuid Ill the one dollar Ihni is paid
=, l {to it for every student lax pur-

l‘ Mary Miller, DN. A prcsidcni, (115-,
‘closcd the fuel Ihul the cut puisf

,v i/
‘ ‘ rchuscd, still the 12':'. cut iucuns
miropping something cxiru." It'illlill'
\ ) itilcvc llllil (lcchll‘cd.
j.

.H‘  ‘  'l.lio Council Ill u prccurious position
 ‘~. .1 , since if. li‘ilVCh‘ insufficieul funds
[fugiftmuah] _ lwiih which in pay the ilct'li‘ul‘f Bul—

....-..:;_- 7m— lci which is to uppcur Ilcrc III two
Weeks. The contruct has been sign-
ed, Miss Miller stated.

 

who would ordinarily receive it uh-

Lower Budget Allotments

Cooper Reveals
Reasons For Cut
Student Board oI Finance Sets

Activities Budget Estimate
Deadline Date March 19

A last minute statement issued

‘by the Student Board of Finance

has announced the fact that all or-

I ganizailon budget estimates for the
. next year are due by March 19. The

budget will be submitted to Student
Association earlier than In past
years.

At the same time, organization
heads were asked to keep budgets at
a minimum since the registration
at State will again be decreased next
year.

The announcement last week by
Edward L. Cooper, treasurer of
the Student Board of Finance. of a
12%0/0 cut ill the budget of the
State College Student Association
has inspired a storm of comment
and discussion that may lead to
an eventual revision of the method
of ﬁnancing student activities at
State College.

At the time that he announced
the out, Cooper made the following
statement:

“It has become necessary to de-

 

crease by 12'/:% the funds allotted
to each organization drawing money
from the Student Association.

“This action is necessitated by two
factors: ﬁrst, that at the present
there are not enough undergradu-
ates ill attendance at State College
possibly to pay enough money to
cog/er the appropriations in the bud-
ge .

 

State Budgets 1925-'41
Year Budget Cut Tax
1925-26 ............$11,798.00 16%
1926-27 . , . 7%
1927-28 . . . 5%
1928-29 . . . 8%
1929-30 . , . 0%
1930-31 . . . . 10%
1931-32 . . 25%
1932-33 . . 15,905.23 4 ‘ii.
1933-34 15,516.94 45%
1934-35 12,292.00 40%
1935-36 . 13,113.87 0%
1936-37 . 13,203.00 10%
1937-38 .. 13,247.00 0'1.
1933-39 13,156.00 10% .
1939-40 .. 15,264.00 20"? 12.
1940-41 .......... ,. 12,987.00 121ith 12.

 

The second is that 100% collec-
tions have not been effected, nor is
there any possibility of all the out-
standing money's being collected."

James Portley. '43. Finance Board
member. added ill explanation that
last year when the budget was
passed, provision was not made for
the fact that due to a smaller fresh-
Inun class. less money could be col-
lected than Ill previous years. Con-
sequently, the $12,997.60 budget
which was passed by the Student
Association called for the expendi-
ture of more money thrill payment
of the $12 tax by evcl'yone attend-
illg college would provide. Under
the budget passed last your. a dell-
cit of $027 dollars was inevitable.

Since this September, lnorc tluul
50 students have withdrawn from
the college. If every student at State

(Continued on page 3, cohmm 31

Miller Siaie~Wide Secretary

Mary Miller, ‘~il. President of
Dranultics ulld Arts Association. was
elected Secretary 01' the State Chris-
iiail Youth Council at ii. meeting
held this past weekend ill Uticu. The

I'm! LOOI I5 “W ‘ql‘I’i'M'um- “W0 Council. composcd of members of all

dcr tho inl'lrnlm‘y fund benefits. had planned to print 0111'. issue with protestant mm]. 1‘
Also possible is the decreasing of an especially large number of pages organization with,eihllltyngttlllzhlmﬁg
the limit of old which one student and extra features," Blanche Kh'sh- regional subdivisions. The Utica

may receive.

cnblunl. its editor. said. "'l‘hesc meeting also discussed the refugee

Through the cut in its $2.302 ap~ plans will have to be dropped now.” problem in Europe.

:' “31:: .........__.,.. .,.

 

 

 

 

 

 

