SiATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3,1941 PAGE 3

|
—————_—

   V V g  g  i. ‘. . ._ ,,  " I a. ”  , Cna‘a'ﬁI-A-n I- Flu—a..-  n'... ..I.  l ‘ ‘ . . .  ..._..,“ 

lFrosf  Firs eelr Is
One Big Whirl

lndiana State Teachers College at Terre Haute chose
Lora'ean Doup as "typical freshman", then oto-
rap ed her throu h the man ste s connected with her
irst campus enrolment this hill. oraiean learned that

no Team

l Entertain

gh School

c Association
Bragiotti. ln-
uo pianists, in
Albany High
. October 15.

:l eleven years
Jurpose of in-
; of music

getting into college is not so easy, let alone getting '  ~ ' j  g   . .   g H  t .
through to graduation in an average of four years. ol-   _ ‘ '  ‘ 1 ~ 1, “z  ,3  if two pianos,
low her through the maze of freshman weelt routine and . «  7 I s r I w  .   \trtum-

» . ' . " - I 1: I ' I iv , M L i -' ‘ ‘ ’iL Ol'y,

activity in this unusual series of candid pictures. '
I int [01' swing-
that popular

triation of the
it tomorrow.
 first musl-
into the con-
mkee Doodle
. take-off on
stcrs.

will consist of
ranging from
ieorgc Gersh-

nined in ex-
.. A table will
9 girls’ locker

Loraiean called at the Registrar's office in good season

to malre out her class program, but she learned that there

had been many aheadof her. Lots of the favorite pro-

fessors already had full classes.
Harvard Ace a “Nursemaid” — Despite his ‘250 pounds and six odd in height, Vern Miller,
has no qualms of how he shall earn funds to support his education at Harvard University. Vern aids
his schooling fund by caring for 17 months old Georgie Dw er 'of Brighton and is here shown feed-I
ing the boy. Vern taltes a good ribbing from his mates on the Harvard varsity grid squad but is no
"sissy" for he has been a letter man for two years. International

? ill/Ir v

If Pete's Not Down His Pants Are Forfeit - Speedy Pete Kmetovic Stanford halfback,
is caught in the unyiefdin clutches of a Webfoot. This thrilling game saw tanford, defending
Pacific Coast champions, e e out a 19-15 win over the University of Oregon gridders. Acme

.1;

During a psychology examination Loraiean tries to
brush from her mind all the confusion of what seems the
biggest and most exciting day of her life long enough
to solve brain teasing problems.

Lovely
)r bull
.(inight
: retir-
1’ alone

' ’ '  co-ods
Their Wigs Were Mobs — PiKa's created a sensation during rush weel< at the Universit of Arlransas by -' -
disguising as new pledges and dashing up to the Delta Delta Delta house in a taxi ami st screams of the St [Ct-

expectant initiates. Razorback Photo ' {ind
; slde.

Paiama-clad Freshmen at Arizona State Teachers College at Flagstaff dance around the
huge bonfire, traditionally lighted on the eve of homecoming. he ceremony climaxes the
initiation begun on registration day and the frosh then discard their "beanies" and are almost

After a complete physical examination she ets a "pass- 'ndmmquuhable “om the uppel'dassmen‘

part photograph" and a number to go on t e activities
card which will admit her to campus events throughout
the term.
patri-
stars
back-
waist
ms 01'
Sizes

("liml‘

She's cleared all the first hurdles of

, . .  _  . college life in addition to making ,
Midway in orientation weelr the whirl of sorority rush Blind dates are part and parcel of the first week on Loraiean decided that she would like to be pledged to the “me “a” ,e a; d the formality of getting into college. After signin her. The “wok” mshmmu will be ' science dude", ‘0' we mm“ th: sororityt thziei charge so 'lmrav'
activities began. Loraiean had rushes" from three of campus.|Here.she says goodnight at the door of the oldest sorority on the campus, Alpha. When she found she name to new? rim” of blanks and {min out ,epemious data for near y an to become a laboratory technician. Dr. G. David Koch of the lanhglf’im zlﬂsp'ao: mew e0; $35
the ei ht sororities at the outset, by week 5 end was on Women 5 Residence Hall which will be her home ad been accepted she made merry in the favorite campus how Low“: ‘6 ds in line WM when 0' ﬁle 500 new smdems. Science depmmem checks he, en’oumem stud .

virtually all the lists. for some time. hangout With her future sisters. ' l s n y.

» w A ‘s t - ’
, .

mamlvﬂn" ".i'hﬂ‘wwmm~..r,;_ ‘ q, 5-,,

f z  I l T  “9‘”? ‘tpr,m> ‘iﬁﬂj I 

 

w:e¢s~i!~w¥évfum’ :- _.,.,

 

