 
  
  

 
 
 

 
 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1941

 

' .« gm: COLLEGE NEWS
1916-1941

. H _ Member Distributor
Associated Collegilte Prose Collegiate Digest

The under rsduste newspaper of the New York state Col-
lege for enchers published every Friday or the college
veer by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.

Phones: Office. 5-9373; Dorrance, 3-2843; Holstein, 4-0373;

Crunwuld, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postomce.

EIPIIIINTID '0' NATIONAL ADVIITIOINO IV

National Advertising Service. Inc.
College mm Representative

‘20 MADIION AVI. NIW YORK. N. Y.

CHICMO ‘ IOITOI ' LOI AIIILII ' SAI PIAICIICO

The News Board

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE — — — EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
IDWIN J. HOLSTEIN — — — cO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
A. HARRY PABSOW - - - MANAGING Eon-on
MADILINE GRUNWALD - Business MANAGER
HARRIET DEFORRES‘I‘ - - onenrieiNG MANAGER

 

ALLEN SIMMONS - - cincuLATIoN MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL - - - - ePon‘re EDITOR
MURIEL SCOVELL - - - AeoociA'rE EDITOR

DAVID SLAVIN - - -
ANDREW TAKAS - - -

®
All communications should he addressed to the editor Tillil
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responslilllty
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications.
as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect Irs I-low.

ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

l . .
Keep Em Glisteping

Are you a thief?

You may not think so, but you probably
are stealing wittingly or unwittingly from
yourself as well as your fellow students at
least $102,000. Every time you stop to chat
in the lower corridor of Draper and prop a
foot against the wall, every time you stamp
out a cigarette on the floor of the Commons,
you are stealing from yourself and your
friends at least one hundred thousand—not
pennies, not nickles, but dollars!

The Farrell mansion across the street,
assessed at $102,000 and worth probably
much more, was given to the Alumni Asso-
ciation this summer. The Alumni do not
know what to do with the building. They
would like to turn it over to the students of
the college.

There is talk of a Student Union among
members of the administration. Dr. Sayles
would probably like to see a Student Union.
In fact Dr. Sayles’ objective for years was
not dormitories, but Student Union. But
how, they reason, can a beautiful building
like the Farrell gift to State be turned over
to students who haven’t learned that a floor
is not the place on which to drop a lighted
cigarette? They feel it would be like giving
Rome to the Vandals.

The ﬂoor of the Commons and the lower
corridor of Draper have been re-sanded, the
walls re-painted and generally re-conditioned
this past summer. They glisten as they have
never glistened before. If it can be proved
to the Alumni and Administration that the
students can keep them glistening, a Student
Union will be more than the remote alterna-
tive that it is today.

It is therefore the duty, the supreme re-
sponsibility of every student as a citizen of
this college community to work, to ﬁght for
cleanliness of the Commons and lower Draper.
Every cigarette butt has a one hundred thou-
sand dollar price tag attached. Every time
a student writes on or props his foot against
the wall of the corridor, he is carrying away
$102,000 from his comrades.

So, for Student Union, throw butts into
ash trays, keep feet on the floor and pencil
marks in notebooks!

Keep ’em glistening!

First Or Last 7

Last year, the News promised the student
body more six page issues. Today's paper is
meant as a token of intention of carrying out
that policy.

If there are to be more such issues, the
News must have the cooperation of the stu-
dent body, faculty, and administration who
constitute the sources of news. Therefore,
heads of organizations and departments,
chairmen of functions and committees must
give willingly without delay all information
at their commands.

Without the support of the student body
and faculty, today's issue, intended to be the

V.

 Friday, September 19, 1041 No. 1

i‘ulli-go Ncws‘ Iniml iilicini

Vince MilleI———-—-

No longer need there be debate as to the biggest fool
in state College!

Just look ye above, note that this column is no
longer anonymous. Tell me if I do not hereby keep
some eligible young man or woman from a fate parallel
to that which used to be called worse than death.

Now unfortunately (since the coat I wear has the
muscles built in) I am not of that group which has
as its milieu the sports-demanding brawn.

And although I strive for the masculinity of mind
which seems to go with these my idols, I ﬁnd their
conversations also beyond my reach. For when each
in turn has spoken of his prowess, a silence will al-
ways fall upon the group, eyes will affix themselves
upon me; and I—coward that I am—will blush and
run. ‘

And my infrequent forays into this. my envied
clique. has disclosed only one other topic of conversa-
tion. But an inherited shyness makes me prefer my
wolfing on the subtle side.

And so I don't belong to anybody in particular. I
sit alone at parties and think up cutting remarks.
Which—taking it all in all, as my dear Aunt Ella
used to say—may not be so bad.

I don’t belong to anybody in particular, and I’ve
got a column to write. I sit alone thinking up cutting
remarks, and I’ve still got a column to write.

So, dear children. each Friday morning you’ll find
me holding forth on causes dear to my heart and
dangerous to my limbs. You may ﬁnd me here: you
may find me among the ads; you may even ﬁnd me
on page seven.

But, if somebody’ll volunteer to protect me before
I get to be the most hated man in State College, you
won't ﬁnd me straddling a fence.

I'm sensitive about some things anyway.

If you don't believe it, read this again.

Cleanliness and ROTC

Student Forum

 

 

 

To The Editor:

It was pretty obvious last fall that most of our
college buildings were badly in need of repair and re—
painting. Another year of wear and tear by us made
the place look even worse. But things are different
now. President Sayles and the administration saw the
need too, and they went to work to do something
about it. The Commons really looks like something
for a change. It cost the State a lot of money to fix
the place up the way it is now, not to mention time
and labor.

Now it is up to us to do our part. It won’t be hard
to keep the school looking clean and neat if everyone
will cooperate. There is plenty of room outdoors if the
fellows want to horse around. At home most of us
wouldn’t dream of dropping ashes on the floor or
furniture. The same holds true when it comes to
sitting with feet on the tables and chairs. There is a
“four foot" rule in all the girls’ rooming houses; we
should have a “two foot" rule around the school and
boys' dorm.

Usually it is the upperclassmen who are the worst
offenders. Soon the class of ’45 will be following our
example, good or bad. Let’s start them off right and
do oursel' is justice—next time, drop that cigarette
in the sand box where it belongs and do your part.
Let’s back Dr. Sayles to the limit. He has spent
thousands of dollars in beautifying our college home.
Now it's up to each and every member of the student
body to keep this school fit for human habitation.

 

To The Editor:

Gibralter’s immobility may be commendable, but
State's is not. It’s time we came to the front with
some real national defense moves. Most colleges have
already “gone over the top” in preparing their male
population to meet that inevitable dragon. war. The
establishment of an R.O.T.C. here at State would not
be a difficult procedure —— in fact the government
is very willing to help things along. A trained officer,
loaned by the government, could instruct would-be
reserve officers in scheduled classes, 'ﬂose all-
important (to the women) unlﬁmns .I.. so come from
the U. S. A. A trainee attending iiiiese classes for four
years receives the rank of a second lieutenant who
never has K. P. duty and always has a thick billfold
(on pay-day). Certainly State men have a right to
some of these privileges and have an obligation to
the United States to aid as much as possible in national
defense and preparedness. And it‘s time to start
shootin’ now!

A WOMAN.

The Weekly Bulletin

’I‘ICACIIIGIUH MI‘lI‘l’I‘ING lilii. lini‘lii Slnvlii :inii .\IIII‘-
’l‘IiI-i‘o will he ll innoilug Inl Soon-ll will lnm- I-lini'gu
of oil i'lrsi s'qui-sii-r pruc- of the i-Iussus,
lli'l' ll'iii‘lli'l‘rl In the iiudl< “'Illliun llorruimn
lIIl'llllIi ill 10 o‘clock Siiiur- l'hlitor.
day morning. > ,
"OIN'I'I W. FITTIIII'IIEII, HIH'IAI. (‘ALIGNILHI ‘
l'i'llli‘llml: Milli“ "lli’ll SupiI-iiiIn-r iii NI-wniiin
“Numl' i'lIIlI lim'i-lil liiii l'IIi' 4
I"I‘I'JII l"i‘i'~"lillli'li. Ni-winnn
All sluiionis wishing liill'l' llnll- 72”” i'- M
Ilnn- i‘liilili))‘lill'lii Inusl I‘lh- Slipli-InhI-r liI i‘nnipns
iln-Ir npplivnilonn lliIllII'r l'ui'iy. 'I‘rlnlly .‘li'lllir‘
llliili'l)’ ul illl' I"I‘I‘lli dusk illsl ('lllil'i‘ll. 8:00 i'. M.
In iln- iii-on oi‘ Hillili'lllh" oi'- Si'plI-Inln-i' ill) Hindi-iii
i'II-o. Applll‘ulils IIIIINI lan- iivi'upllons iil Si. An-|
sm-Ini sI-i-urili‘ niiinlwrs. Ilri-Ii'n lllplscopnl l'lilll‘i'll.
.Iny sluiluni I'l‘l'i'lI’llIi.’ InI~ I"li's‘i l'roshyII-I-lnn
lll‘l' of n JOII l'roni Iln- l"l‘l'lli i'hni'i-ln-s, Isllilii’l'iill
inusi I'i‘|li.‘l‘l lo iln- hurl-nu l“l‘li‘llllh‘lll|l lluusiu h‘:iIiI‘
ni uni-n. Iiolny lili‘iiIlS iho in lllziill l’. M. ‘
loss of [IM' join. Si'picniIn-r :30 S. i'. A.
NIGWH Ii‘i‘osh li‘rmlII-. (.‘yinnns
All lv‘ri-shnnen iIiiori-stod lnni. 7:30 P. M.
In lryliig out for the Sinio Snpii-Iiihor 2'.’ II“I'I‘Hllllii‘Il

(ii'li-niiillon Finns. liimiii

 

first, will be the last of its kind.

(‘lili closet-u which begin
'I‘ucsiluy ill noon In liooni

 

20, liii-Iuii'dson. ii :35
I'. .'II.

 

Clarifying a. P. o. 

Communication

 

 

To the Student Body:

At a meeting last June of the heads of activities repre-
sented in the Publications Office, certain rules were agreed
upon to facilitate the enactment of business. At that

time, it was agreed that rulings would be entirely ineffecr

tive unless provision was made for the enforcement of
the actions. Provision has now been made for the en-
forcement and this communication is for the .purpose of
clarifying all regulations so as to avoid difficulties through
misunderstandings in the future.

Dr. John M. Sayles, President, has offered to discipline
any student who is a consistent violator of the privileges
of the Publications Office even to the point of expulsion
or suspension if the offender is a detriment to the proper
functioning of this place of business.

The committee which formulates the regulations con-
sists of the heads of activities located in the office—the
NEWS, the Slalcsman, the Peder/041w, Student
Council, Press Bureau, MAA Press Bureau, and Drama-
tics and Arts Association. The personnel of the commit-
tce includes William Dorrance, Edwin Holstein, Mary
Klein, Shirley Kyle, Ralph Tibbetts, Virginia Polhemus,
Carl Mitchell, and Elizabeth Simmons.

The Publications Office is not open to the public. It is
open only to members of the boards and staffs who are
engaged in legitimate transaction of business. In past
years, publications staffs have been seriously handicapped
and even prevented from working during the daytime
because of the crowded and noisy conditions. The re-
vised NEWS schedule makes it necessary that the staff
of that publication work unhampered during the school
hours—unhampered by students running in for a smoke,
a visit, or making noise. The enforcement of this regu-
lation will enable staffs to complete its work much more
rapidly and efficiently and would greatly reduce the num-
ber of hours necessary late at night.

Therefore—at no time is there to be any loafing in the
Publications Office. The office is a place of business. It
is not an annex to the Commons, nor is it a smoking
lounge, nor is it a study hall, nor is it a cafeteria. The
Publications Office is and must be used for legitimate
transactions of business. If it is used for any other pur-
pose than the business for which it is intended, it ceases
to have any reason for existence and is liable to seizure
by the administration for more worthwhile purposes than
that of an undersized annex to the Commons.

If the Publications Office is to be continued in its pres-
ent capacity, it must observe certain matters which are
considered fundamental in all business institutions. First
amongst these is simple cleanliness. Smoking is not en-
couraged, mainly because the majority of students are
not intelligent smokers. When a cigarette has been
ﬁnished, the proper procedure is not to toss it on the
floor and rub it, still burning, into the wood. Nor is it
proper to toss a match on the ﬂoor. Four brand new
sanded cigarette receptacles have been placed in the Pub-
lications Office. If the receptacles are properly used,
smoking will be tolerated providing proper ventilation is
maintained. Smoking is never permitted when not en-
gaged in legitimate activity. If, after a two weeks trial,
cigarette butts and matches are still found on the floor,
it will be a simple matter to absolutely prohibit smoking
in the Publications Office by a ruling to that effect by the
President, Dr. Sayles.

The blackboard is not a substitute for the Student
Mailbox. The blackboard is to be used with discretion
and when in Lise, should be kept neat. “Wisecracks” are
earnestly solicited by the Slalmman and have no place
on the blackboard. The board will be erased every twenty-
i’our hours and messages placed on the blackboard may
be erased at any time by the Publications Office commit-
tce. As soon as a message is received, it should be erased
immediately.

"‘I’Iorseplay” of any kind is absolutely out of order and
Will not be tolerated. New railings have been installed and
care must be taken of" these and other fixtures. No lon-
ger will broken furnishings be treated lightly but will be
considered as an indication oi" the student’s immaturity
and inability to take advantage of the opportunities of-
i'cred him.

Briefly speaking, the l.’uhlications Office is struggling
to Justify its existence. It is reorganizing from within
to prevent the necessity of an outside organization rc-
organizing it or abolishing it entirely. The Publications
Office Committee has undertaken this reorganization and
is making a conscientious attempt to do so without resort—
ing to other agencies to back up its dccisions. The com-
mittee asks for full cooperation from the entire student
body in making this effort a success. The student body
and especially the minority which abuses the privileges
of the. office must keep in mind the fact that the Publi-
'ations Office is a place of business and must be run as
a place of business.

A. Harry Possow
Chairman of Publications Office Committee

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 19,1941 .

     

 

Almost Finished,
DormitoryOpens
To 53 Students

Veiled Organization Program
To Start Soon at New Dorm;
Fund Equips Game Room

 

 

Sayles Hall, with a capacity for
accommodating 134 students, opened
its doors on September 14 to 53 male
students. Sara Tod Delaney, Dean
of Women, has relaxed a residence
rule in permitting a few students
from Albany Law School to live in
a State College Dormitory. The
many vacancies are the reason for
the change.

The hall is still uncompleted.
Workmen have encountered many
difficulties during the summer to
prevent ﬁnishing the hall on time.
The main trouble came as a result
of government priority claims on
wood. Hot water was not installed
until September 12, and the tele-
phones September 16. The boys are
at present eating in the gymnasium.

Bulger Plans Activities

Paul Bulger, Social Director, and
Instructor in Education in Milne,
said that house teams will be entered
in the intramural league. Some of
the residents interested in drama-
tics have started a Shakespearean
reading group, and plans are being
made to have a hall library. The
building has club rooms for other
activities and the boys also hope to
have a photography dark room and
a snapshot album. Dances and so-
cial events will be held when the
hall is ready.

No hours is the rule at Sayles Hall.
Boys leaving for the weekend will
leave word in the office in case
they are called. There will be quiet
hours from 7:30 p. m. to 7:00 a. in.
Mr. Bulger stated that the dinner
hour would be a tie and coat affair
while informality will prevail at
breakfast with bathrobes ruled out.
The steam tables in the kitchen will
insure athletes retuining from late
practices of hot food.

Game Room Started

Professor Barnard S. Bronson, re-
tired head of the Chemistry De-
partment, has started a fund for
equipping a game room, to which
alumni members of the Chemistry
Department have contributed. The
room will be known as the Bronson
Room and will have ping-pong ta—
bles. billiard tables, chess boards.
dart games and checker boards.

Mr. Bulger expressed a deﬁnite
liking for his new duties. There is
an apartment on the first floor for
Mr. Bulger and his wife. Thomas
Augustine, ’42. recent benedict, is
Assistant Director of the hall.

 

Junior Guide System
Undergoes Revision

 

The system of Junior Advisers.
chairmanned this year by Lois Hal’-
ley and Byron Benton. junior. has

New Committees
Plan Orientation

Unprecedented Action Includes
Required Classes for Frosh;
Smokers Are Postponed

 

 

In an attempt to make the ﬁrst
few weeks of college life less hectic
and confusing for the incoming
freshmen, two new faculty-student
committees are initiating an un-
precedented system of freshmen
orientation.

The Orientation Committee and
the Activities Committee composed
of both faculty members and stu-
dents met early last spring and ten-
tatively outlined a program for the
ﬁrst ﬁve weeks.

This program provided for a social
calendar eliminating middle of the
week activities and a series of orien-
tation classes to be held for the
freshmen each Monday at 3:35 p. m.
for an undetermined period. These
classes will consist of lectures on
scholastic and extra-curricular ac-
tivities and the customs and tradi-
tions of State College.

At the request of the Activity com-
mittee, the smokers for men ordi-
narily held during the first two
weeks have been postponed until
October 2 and 3. Through this same
committee, departmental clubs have
been requested to eliminate all re-
ceptions and include whatever en-
tertainment they have planned in
the program of the ﬁrst business
meeting.

“This system of student-faculty

committee work is a definite depar-
ture from tradition," says Miss Sara
DcLaney, Dean of Women, “and the
students on these committees can
serve as a sounding board for other
students."
The student members of these
committees include Paul Merritt.
Jeanette Ryerson and Fred Ferris,
seniors; Rose Stern, ’43, and Earle
Snow, ’44.

Faculty Changes——

(Con/fluted from page 1, column 4)
College), M.D. (Albany Medical
School), is returning as Instructor
in Hygiene.

Dr. William Harrison Hartley, B.S.
(Springfield), M.A., Ed. D. Teach-
ers College (Columbia), is Asaistant
Professor of Education for Techni-
cal Aids, He comes to State from.
the New Jersey State Teachers Col-'
logo at Paterson.

Miss Vivian C. Hopkins, A.B.
(Wellsley), AM. (Michigan and Rod-
cliffe), will take the place of Wil-
liam G. Hardy, Instructor of Eng-
lish, who is on sabbatical leave.
Miss Hopkins was Instructor of
English at Pine Manor Junior Col-
lege at Wellslcy, Massachusetts.
Dr. Ralph Burch Kenney, A.B.
(Union), AM. (Princeton), PhD.

 

(Yule), is Assistant Professor of
Guidance in the college and Assis-
tant Principal for Guidance Service
in Milne.

Dr. Kenncy was formerly Manag-
lng Editor of “Occupations” innga—l

zinc. ‘

John Joseph Kinsclln, A.B. (State.

College and Columbia), will replace
Daniel Snadcr, Supervisor of Mothe-

mailcs in Milne. Mr. Snadcr has a
leave of absence and is working for,

been revised to “a up the SYN/om his doctorate at Teacher's Collcgc.l

more thoroughly with the faculty.
and to extend the time of effective-
ness of the system.

As the system is now operating.

structoi' in English.

Columbia. l

Dr. Vni'lcy Howe Lang, Ph.D.l
(John Hopkins University), is In-

 

Miss Ruth Ritchie Suhrie, Bachc-l

eight freshmen have been assigned 101' 0f F1110 Arts (Sri'ucusc). MA.

to each member of the faculty, In

iNcw York University), is to be anl

each case ii faculty advisor and n “Mr”er 1“ A” She was fm'm'l

Junior Guido have been assigned
the some students. But us each
Junior Guide has been assigned

orly art teacher at Valley Stream;
Long Island.

Wilfred Allord's position as Iii-l

six-notin- nnd Supervisor in French!

approximately four freshmen. ench Wm In. “um by Miss Marjorie 0',
facility member will work with llll'i‘l’ Wimmml AB. (5mm Conway‘l
or tour guides. MA (Middlehin'y). She formerly;

In previous years the guide sys— ‘

ought oi. the high school in Gosh-

tcm acted in behalf of the fresh- uni New Wm" M" All‘ml ‘5 0“ ii

men for a few weeks. At present I

the system will be carried over and
linked with the freshmen oi‘ienin- ‘

.oiiching fellowship to Cornell Uni-

voi'si ty.

Roy York, Ji'., Bachelor and Mos-
” of Music from the American

tlon program, which is being Slim" Conservatory of Music. Chicago. will

sored by student and faculty com- I

)U Instructor of Music in Milne

mlttees. High School. Mr. York taught musicl
During the week the Junior ut the Southwast Conservatory of
Guides have conducted meetings and Music. Fort Smith, Ark.

tours for the freshmen. and cs-
cortcd them to the President's Rc- i

caption, which was held Thursday John Hopkins UlllVel'Sltlh and Dr.
eyening in the Rotunda of Draper Wallace Taylor completed his work

Dr. inthcrlnc Walsh Poltz. coin-
)lcted her work for the doctorate at

 
 

View of Garden in Rear of Newly-BequeethedMansion ~

 

Courtesy Knickerbocker News
BIG QUESTION facing administrative officials is: "What’s to be done with the mammoth mansion which is now
a part of the college grounds?"

 

‘

by

12.95

derizing lines .

Sizes 9 to 17.

Junior Shop

.sn‘i'r-II
m-"IE‘a‘é'aa‘:
.... .

.Lr'" :5
‘ﬁ' -.

_.A£.:L'
:3:

3m:
7:

V4,!

:.

   

 

  

 

Hall in honor or the class of '45. at the Univeisity of Iowa.

LITTLE FAILLE SUIT

MARY MUFFET

Two piece Mary Mui'l’ei original charm-
or for college week-end dates
i'ine silk faille. Fitted jacket with slen-
. irickyicc cube orna-
ment. Skirt done all the way round in
wasy, supple picais. In black, red, brown.

Second [floor

\le‘élmﬁ f

if 5:. .m'.’ ' "
h m nastier." ‘
i L.  , =.

     

of

 

CHECKERBOARD
PLAID SUIT

19.95

You’ll slop campus traffic in this downy
checkerboard suit of 50% wool and
50% rayon. Convertible neckline

kick pleat in front of" skirt. in a lovely
iweedy mixture of colors with teal and
brown predominating. Sizes 9 to I7.

Juuhn'ﬂhop

Homan Flour

 

“m ﬂew

4| NORTH rem

       

   

 

 

 

  
 
 

 

  
  

