 

 

}
T9 .
i.-
t‘
i.
33'

 

 

 

 

rummaging» ‘ A

..-.._-J<,- 

 

 

 

 

 

51"”. There‘g’i  "
it"! “lg Rub” 

{Shortage of water at Mt.
Holyolie College has

 g forced the girls to farego

even the turday night
bath, showers are out, and
feminine unmentionables,
usually laundered daily,
must be washed when the
time can be found at Up-
er Lalre on the campus.
ashing dainty under-
things is just one of the
ways the girls get around
the water shortage. Lined
u left to right are Mary
Shivericlr, Audrey Prior,
Ruth Harper, Eunice War-

' dell, Eleanor Folsom, and
Jane Goodrich. The "bath-
less girls" standing in the.
rear are Ellen Deming and
Doris Biesterfield. Acme

SiAI’E COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1941

"m: a], '

 

 

Forum Discusses Sculptress to Choose ,
> Model From Students

  Anyone interested in the top-

ography of his own cranium
‘ may have a chanca to see it
- _ - closeup.
Outside Part time Jobs Sause On November 17' under the
Deﬂelse "1 APPVOPIMHO"; auspices of Dramatics and Arts
Dem Begindmﬂviews Association. Suzanne Silver-
cruys, noted woman sculptress
, from Belgium, will lecture and
The $500 out In the NYA appro- exhibit her skill as she talks.
priation for State College W111 be After Choosing. a “kelwlooking
partly alleviated by allotments di-i person from the audience she
VEI'Led from Other coneges "VhEXIei will proceed to transfer his
NYA funds are less necessary. This1 beauty to Clay. When she has
fact W115 brought 0W 135i ,Tues‘my; finished. the audience may ap-
by Claude Chauncey, district NYA‘ 1.1mm the Stage and “guess
representative. iii a Forum panel, who.“ SO, if youive ever had a
discussion investigating the cut 111i 3mm, dosh-e to see yourself on
NYA funds.  Sara T. DeLaney. the swap be conspicuous_
Dean of Women. A. Harry Passow,i '

 

By Rhona Ryan

No' doubt the student-body won-
ders about the new experiment in
democratic living at Sayles Hall.
What happens when more than fifty
boys get together after school? What
do they think about the new dormi-
tory?

 

 

and Evelyn Smith. seniors partici-i
ated. i W k E d
p iNext ee n s

The Youth Administration‘s point
of view was explained by Chauncey} _
“The average appropriation for?  I
each school." he said.  determined; 
by the enrollment in the college." ‘ —~—

Pi‘rf'Tim“ “"5 Increase. ment Bureau registration interviews
Last year 9.19? Of Slates “Damn-9 will be held next week. These whose
were granted NYA money; [.1115 .Vem' last names begin with P, Q. or R

the allotment fund has been reduc-gwm be jntmvviwied Monday; 53

ed to 7.59 of the enrollment. TheiTuesday; T's and 2's Wednesday.

reason for such a I‘CdUCUOll is the‘Studrnts who cannot appear on thei

2'. .'-' ‘l.-outside theit- . . 1.. ‘. . ..~‘. ’ Y
“L1 that D'Ut Um? .1035 ...CilL(lUiL(l diys may come FIIdayJOf field Max:305 fncmg me girls

idormiiory. another plays a recording

college have become more nuinerouswol- Saturday,

thus eliminating. in many cases. The 3500 registration rm. 1..- my-
the need of NYA aid. Since We able at the time of the interview
NYA allotment has been dCCl'PﬂL’Sd‘hnd may be paid at any time before
Miss DcLaney has inaugurated a'Monday, November 24. Registration

The balance of Student Employ-l

The first reports indicate an omi-
nous calm—the well-known lull
before the storm. There are only
.about ten upper~classmen to give
{had examples. So far the fresh-
men have been models of propriety
fand good manners. They are quiet.
itlioughtful. and keep their rooms
:clean.

[ Of course all is not perfect. Life
1 in Sayles Hall has its little problems.
‘For instance. there is a serious lack
Iof ash trays. One of the boys com-

plained niournfully. “First you have

to stamp out the cigarette on the
. floor, then pick it up. rub the ashes
’into the wood with your shoe. and
then put the stub into the waste-
i paper basket." The food could stand

i

f improvement also. and several of the
. men are surprisingly annoyed about

i the lack of mirrors in their rooms.

Entertainment is varied according
to taste. One boy sits with a pair

1

Perfect Manners, Peace, Quiet
Hold Forth in New Dormitory

s,
of Tchaikovsky’s B Minor Piano
Concerto far into the night. and one
freshman could open a successful
grocery store with the delicacies he
is storing away in his closet.

The interior decorators have been

at work. One junior is justly famous
gfor purchasing an impractical but
iaesthetic bright yellow rug. All. of
course. have collected various odds
and ends to make their rooms “speak
of their personality." Too bad a lot
iof it is unprintable.
‘ As a side-line on the entertain-
ment angle. perhaps it should be
mentioned that there has been some
"hazing." A few freshmen. it seems.
were enticed into a night football
game, and instead. paraded down
Central Avenue. with an embarras-
sing lack of trousers. There were
murmurs of revolt on the second
floor. but an upper-classman reports
that in a few minutes the situation
was “well-in-hand."

Now Sayles Hall is an oasis of
peace amid the bustle of student life.
But then. Brubacher Memorial

 

 

Lounge is not yet finished. and when I

it is. and when the feminine element

venters daintily . . . but the college.
alas. must wait for news on this
ifuture interesting development.

Music Group 'Offers
Famous Piano "Team

Fray, Bragiotti Will Entertain
SCT at Albany High School

State College Music Association
will present Fray and Braglotti, in-
ternationally famous duo pianists, in
the auditorium of Albany High
School on Wednesday, October 15.

The team was formed eleven years
ago in Paris with the purpose of in-
terpreting all types of music
through the medium of two pianos.

In spite of their classical train-
ing in the French Conservatory,
they have a deep respect for swing-
inusic and point out that popular
music may be the foundation of the
great symphonies of tomorrow.
They were among the first musi-
cians to bring humor into the con-
cert liall by their Yankee Doodle
Variations which is a. take-off on
the styles of great masters.

The entire program will consist of

 

original transcriptions ranging from
Bach and Wagner to George Gersh-
.wln.

l Tickets may be obtained in ex-
Ichange for student tax. A table will
be set up in front of the girls' locker
irooin for that purpose.

 

system of personal interviews in or-
der to determine which of the NYA
applicants really need jobs.
Forum Drafts Constitution

The remainder of the Forum
meeting was devoted to explaining
the changes made in the organiza-i
iion. These include the drafting of'
a new constitution and the paymenti
of $.25 dues. In order to acquaint:
new students with the Forum. a
handbook. under the supervision ofi
Will Muller. '43. will be published;
Students. wishing to purchase thei
“Reader's Digest" may do so through ;
the Forum at ﬁfteen cents per copyai

Members of the Forum will make:
a trip to see the Times Union’s ex-!
hibit of the. Freedom of the Press}
at. the State Education Building;
The exhibit will open October 1. and'
close October 8. j

Maynard To Speak 
At SCA Meeting!

I
i

SCA will hold its first general‘
meeting of the year Thursday, at.
3:30 in the Lounge. There will be:
brief descriptions of the activities‘
of the various SCA commissions.‘
The highlight of the meeting will}
be a speech by Rev. "Spud" May-I
nard. rector of St. Peter‘s Episcopal;
Church. who is chairman of SCA’s1
advisory board.

A meeting of the Intercollegiate.
Council of SCA in New York State‘
will be held at Cornell University;
this weekend. Don Vanas. council

(ices not take effect until the fee.
has been paid. Folders are due as
follows: A-E. Monday. October 20;
F-L. Friday. October 24; M-R. M0n—‘
day. October 27; 8—2. Friday. Octo-
ber 31. They will be accepted at anyi
time before the date due. and it isi
important that they come in as|
soon as possible since there is soj
much clerical work attached 103
the confidential material.

All students are asked to file a
schedule card which will includei
their classes and where they expecti
to be during free periods. 3

Student Employment Bureau an?
nounccs the placement of the fol-i
lowing State College Students:
Donald Patten. '41. Stockbridgc.‘
Massachusetts. English; Margaret
Tokoes, ‘38. Akron. New York. Com-‘
mcrce; Eunice Perry, '38, Rensse-i
iacr Falls, New York, seventh and]
eighth grades; Mary Hardic. ‘40.!
Porto Rico. fifth grade; Edith Gas—i
savant. '41. Rouscs Point. New York."
English.

ewman's Program
I . I
information Please

An Information Please program
will be the feature of the second
Newman Club meeting of the year,
which will be held at Newman Hall.
Thursday. The experts will be:
John A. Mahar. Professor of
French; Rev. William Cahill, Pro-
i‘essor of philosophy at the Col-
lege of St. Rose; Lauretta Servatius.
'42; and also a visiting guest.

Questions on church history, rc-

8-1401

J

4] NORTH PEARL

Pretty Pajamas

Pamper the Dorm Crowd

2.98

For sleeping in class . . . .
and waking in style! Lovely
enough to lounge in for bull
sessions, burning the midnight
oil, or that snack before retir-
ing . . .Or you can loaf alone
and like it, too.

 

representative. and Helen Curtis. “gjon' current evems_ and ammgg-
ﬂdwsor' Wm Attend ‘15 delegate-5 tics should be placed in the New-
' from State. This council plans iii-.nmn Club mailbox. .7
' _ - v tercollcgiaie affairs for the Student; , r / Sketched
“WHOM. throu h the air is I i . Christian movement. /
Ed SMYI‘C, Springfield Eolle ediv- I 2 I - I V . The Social Action Committee of
ins-ace. Formlilre this won l2” him . " ' '  1.. the SCA. under the CO'Chah‘mtin‘ MADISON
(In N.w [nahnd A A U dMn ' - i r ' - ship of Shirley Ott and Paul Skcritt.i A_ The pajamas a” co_eds
c . ‘5. ' ' ' 9 g a _ - ‘ '  is getting under way for the year. SWEET SHOP w for in '1 bi, wa
mm”. 'P' ' « > . - The aim of this committee is to I , I, f: I g f b y ' '_ '
. . . .  gm, students an omwrwnny to de_  a . r; strictly'tailorcd . . . strict-
vclop leadership abilities. a I  , r ' ‘ t ly comfortable . . . and
' strictly on the budget side.
Home Made Ice Cream I ' .. Sizes 32-40.

c. P.  .‘ and Lunches

JEWELER WATCH REPAIRING

Wm. .rswmgimzwagmaimww. ‘

\w\\\\-~ ~ - _
\

 

. 785 Madison Avenue . g I _ . .
GRUEN ‘ HAM'LTON ' ELG'N .  i It. Miss Swank goes patri-

LONGINES WATCHES . '
2—9733 We Deliver otic lll red and blue stars
239 CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY, N. Y.

P .  a; I and stripes on a white back~

 1 HT" '7' 'T’::'7T‘7'V7'"' ' V V ' W???“ *’ v"; r r" V W v v vva' ground. Adjustable waist
‘ 1

Printer , i KIMMEY’S BREAD

band on full cut bottoms of
;Owen Price of Texas  (White Bread)

 

 

 

 

 

contrasting color. Sizes
ollege of Mines, El

32—40.
aso displays the toe . .1 . Ling/uric . . . Third Floor

iti.’i:2‘i.’.‘.‘;"3‘:.i:; . “"55" ' “M” “"5”
'  HOLSIIM GBAGKED WHEAT

last year. He averaged

48. yards per try and

. 5 H d . v : (Delicious Toasted) ‘
6"" ° 4° °' " ,.  .i. i.. KIMMEY BAKERY Albany, .N. Y. 1

 

hiched for a total dis- ‘-
. _ ., . .  . . , . , . . meats in indin .
VI! Help! uh -—~ Benefits to be derived from natian defense are not confined to a, . , irh'iuit as allocative thiz 3
. business as freshman Hugh Brooks found out when ha is istmd at Santa Ana Junior .  reason. Prion hszrInch
Collage this fall. Due to the draft and defense industriu than is a decided shortage of ' ' v ’
- . aisles-among returning collegiam, and Hugh finds it difficult to decide which of the.
. r  £9.11]; jg the glut.“ amt *- or hindrance. Collegiate Diurr Photo in Sullivan

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

 

 

 

 

 

 

