 

 

 

     

STATE COLLEGE news 3?}:
Established May, 1916

By the Clan of 1910

, Friday, May 23 , No. 28
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for ’ eachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Office. 59373; Dorranee, 3-2843; Holstein, 4-0373;
Grunwald. 8-0538

Entered as second class matter Albany, N. In, postoﬂtoe.

 

IIPIIIINTID POI NATIONAL ADVIRTIIING IV

National Advertising Semce. lac.
, Col/cu Publisher: Representative

42° MADIION AVI. NEW YORK. N. V.

CHICAGO ' BOITDI ' LOI AICILII ' 5M FIANCIICO

The News Board

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE
EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN i
A. HARRY PASSOW - - -
MADELINE GRUNWALD -
HARRIET DEFORREST - - ADVERTISING MANAGER
ALLEN SIMMONS - - CIRCULATION MANAGER
CARL MITCHELL - - - - SPORTS EDITOR
MURIEL SCOVELL - - « ASSOCIATE EDITOR
DAVID SLAVIN - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ANDREW TAKAS - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

@i”
All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld Iipon reiuest.
'l‘he STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsliility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications,
as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its View.

Shall the Show Go On?

It is unfortunate that this column should write
finis to the year on a discordant note. But certainly
the stunts of Moving-Up Day were provocation for
discord. As a whole they were deplorable, with some
exceptions. The sophomore stunt was excellent; the
freshman stunt was good in spots; nothing redeeming
can be said for the offerings of the Juniors and
Seniors. The stunts of the latter two rocked.

Parents and guests assembled from all over the
state to see the college on the day on which it prides
itself on being at its best. it is a shame that they
should have been subjected to the worst. More than
one guest resented the imposition of spending a hot
afternoon in an over-humid auditorium watching a
succession of half~dramatized inanities.

Blame? That is immaterial. A stunt director
cannot be expected to revive a waning junior or
senior class spirit. The undcrclass stunts were
good (in comparison) because the Freshmen aan
Sophomores have sufficient rivalry spirit to produce
something fairly decent.

If upperclass stunts cannot be made presentable,
they should not be presented. Elimination of such
booby prizes as the juniors and seniors pulled from
the grab bag Friday will never seriously hurt
Moving-Up Day ceremonies. A dramatics produc—
tion or a symphony concert which does justice to
the talent of the college might even be substituted
to share a place on the program with the freshman
and sophomore rivalry stunts.

If this and last year’s stunts are any criterion,
the upperclassmcn will lay another egg 11ch Moving-
Up Day. So why not act before the curtain goes
up again?

 

- CO-EDITORS-IN-CHIEF

MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER

 

Peace and the [Pedagogue'

’ardon inc, may I borrow your pen?” “ I 'in sorry,
but I have a class this period.” 'I‘hcsc phrases do
Iiot denote an increase in the studying habits of
the students because of the slow but sure approach
of the finals. These utterances are caused by a
seemingly trivial event. What? Why, the l’rr/ugogac
of course.

It is difficult to Iit'Ctiillt.‘ annoyed at the epidemic
of I’m! signing, but it. is a nuisance. [levies of ini-
pressionable underclassnicn hope for kind recogni-
tion from Myskania, thc all—pmvcrfui» ran ten
human beings think of hundreds of charming phrases
at a split sccond's notice? Can Seniors already
saddened by the approaching end of their college
careers take pleasure in expressing that feeling in
black and while? We’rcall human let’sappreciate
that same thing in others. Take it easy with those
I’crls.

No Pseudo Stqu

The Niiws Iioard has received a coininunication
commenting on some of its rrcont decisions. The
writer signed only the fictitious name, Mary Jonick,
~-fictitious because neither the Iiirectory nor the
Registrar’s records rcvcal it. The policy of the
N itws in regard to communications is clearly stated
in the masthead above. If the writer will reveal
his or her identity, the News will print the com-
munication and withhold the name. True names
must be usad with all communications.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

iHigII Finances -—

0‘1

\

 J ’

I

, FRIDAY, MAY 23, 1941

' TS
COMMENCENIENT C03

"2

0. 000,000

W D’RECT EXPENSES!

T HE CLAS‘S‘ OF i94l

29 BILLION

lN JUNE.’ EACH GRADUATE WILL

 

DOLLARS‘

EARN APPROXIMATELY ii i94,ooo

BEFORE REIIRING or OLD AC-iE lN user - v '

 

 

Now Is The Time!

 

To The Editor: ~r

The Band plague must be met!
Here at State. as well as in the
neighboring colleges, of RPI, Union,
Sage, and Skidmorc, I have noticed
evidences of disgust aiihed at num—
erous. unscrupulous agents. The Un-
ion College C'oiicm'diensis of May
18 reprinted in Into the Comment-
stator of the S'rA'rn COLLEGE ans,
which several weeks ago condemned
the practices of agents who negoti-
ate with dance committees and final-
ly force them to accept outﬁts to
which they do not agree because of
contract obligations and pressure of
time. As a remedy the Continent-
slulcr stated, “Perhaps some enter-
prising collcge students in this dis-
trict inlght form an agency and do
themselves and the district; colleges
a good turn.” The Concordiensia
agreed. “The idea Is appealing. A

 

Communication

 

non-profit agency might well be
formed in New York City with col-
leges throughout the country coop-
crating. The idea is worth consid—
erihg."

As a solution Student Council
should appoint a commission to con—
sider the situation, draft a program.
and act! Consideration is not
enough! Concrete action 511011ch and
must be taken. State College assum-
ed the lead in attacking this situa-
tion, and I and many others feel
that it is definitely capable of con-
tinuing this leadership. But the time
is now! At least ground work can be
laid before definite action is taken
next fall. We will not be alone. In-
stead We will be backed and rein-
forced by other colleges throughout
the state and nation.

Agent Hater.

 

 

To find an idea that is difi‘crcnt'
from all previous ideas, to find a
way to present these "different"
Ideas-"that Is the problem which
confrontcd I'lipparchus when he
wrote his first. history and which
confronted Editor Bull and the
l’cildi/w/Iu: Staff when they planned
this year's book. Faced with what
was considered the "beat" Pod by
far, the stuff this your struggled
and used quantities of grey matter
to produce the "l‘icttcr" l’cd. Wheth-
er they succeeded or Iiot In a mat-
tcr of individual opinion.

The purpose behind the yearbook
deserves commendation for its
idealism and its implication of an
abstract term in concrete pictures.
We would say that. they achieved
this purpose only partially. The
spirit of fricndlinoss which charac-
terized the activities of this year
as opposed to last year’s harsh up~
roar. was quite apropos and. We
hope. will serve as a harbinger of.
the future.

The make-up cruises us to wish
We Were IiollyWood hrcss agents, be-
cause "excellent." “outstanding,”
"superior," "distinctive," seem so
weak in describing it. The use of
the hands and the remarkable
photography impresses us with its
professional oxpertness.

There are those who will grumble
at the placement of senior pictures,
at the subordination of our more

 

The Critic

 

 

important social affairs to the

Transition and Tympani
The COMMOMﬂllﬂ—ﬁ

One Sepetember day in 1937, Betty Hayford,
President of the Class of 1939, stood on the stage
of Page Hall and uttered a few words of greeting
to the three hundred high school adolescents who
composed the newly-formed Class of 1941. , . _

In two weeks, the majority of the people in this
group will gather once more, this time to be grad-
uated. They are still the same group, the Class of
1941, but they are far from being the same people.

When they arrived, most of them had never seen
each other before. They came from high schools all
over the state. They had nothing in common except
the prospect of spending their next four years
together here at State College.

The three hundred that gathered that first day
three and a half years ago were just a little more
more than adolescents.

They had come here for any one of several rea-
sons. Some of them had honestly come to prepare
for a life of teaching. Some had come to get a
college degree. Many had come just to mark time
because they (lid not know what else to do.

When they look back now, it seems nothing short
of miraculous to them how fast four years have
passed. To many it seems just yester-

 

Passin

‘ day that they had stood and looked at
one” o3 'l—I'il'f~ i r~ ' '
“Rpm hipti a oi lit iist timc. It is

hard for them to realize that tqu years
have passed since they had participated in rivalry.
that a year had passed since they were juniors on
Moving-['p Day.

The most difficult thing for them to realize is that
it is almost all ovcr——~that only three more weeks
remain until the sixteen ycar academic interlude

 

 

treatment of Hop and lnt-crfra-
ternity Ball. at the amount of blank
white space on each page, at the
torso, almost minute description of
each activity. and at. the inclusion
of informal photos of certain groups
to the exclusion of other equally
prominent people. Perhaps this lat-
ter point may have been accidental,
but extreme caution should be used
If true rcprcscntatimi of student life
is being sought. We have always
felt that the Perl was a cross-sec-
tion photo of State life, and that It
should not be it sampling of a few
groups.

The style of writing has maintain-
ed a light, snappy flavor which is
reminiscent of the dotted versions
of last year.

It was unfortunate that finances
did not allow the completion of ii
snapshot suction after Queen Duff's
picture. for there is a I'ioticcablc
absence of intimate snaps.

A smaller book, a photography
unsurpassixl. a makeup too cxtruvu~
rant in regards to space. a success-
ful Liliane-wall these make up the
‘4i. Perl. Whatever criticisms are
made about it will ultimately van—
Ish, and we will dash as eagerly as
you, with poised pen to our nearest
friend and await the inked senti-
ment which will make the Pod that
final success—we fund of happy

 

memories.

is ended.

There are very few seniors who can say precisely
what they have gained in exchange for four years.
Most of them have at the end of their college ex-
perience a little Ilitii't‘ knowledge, a little more cx-
pcricncc, a little more disillusionment, and a very
little more wisdom.

The majority find that they are men and women,
possessed of all the formal education that they will
ever Iiave, closing one chapter of life and starting
another.

i: :i: a :2:

Can you imagine the State College Symphony
Orchestra playing the Russia)! Sailor’s Dru/(c with-
out tympani? No one can. Tympani are an absolute
Orchestra essential to any symphony orchestra.
In Need of For three years our symphony has
borrowed a set of tympani from Albany
High School. Now that it has reached
its maturity it is time that it had its own tympani.

The fact that Music Council has had a very suc-
cessful year and is in a position to finance the pur—
chase of a set of tympani makes this the time to act.
Music Council saved $400 this y lili‘ by not having
an expensive assisting artist at its concerts. This
money which is still at the disposal of Music Council
should be spent for the primary requisite of thc
orchestra, tympani. ’I‘hcsc tympani can serve as ihr
initial nucleus of a future reservoir of instruments.

Tympani

The w..t.“"”“‘““ 

I lil'2.\N'5 t)l"l"l('l'1 or I:.'lil I'. .\I.
liidei'gi'ailiiales desiring .\l;i,\' '_'i Hiiilv rs, Siuna in
to I'I‘glsli'l‘ for siiniiiivr HI'H‘ i ii-iinls. Itiilgwfivlii I':It‘|\.
shin worli. :inil mplioinoi'i'n‘ ":5: Kappa lielta llIio
who wish to ('iilil|iit'Il' their picnic. IlIIIIiili Ii‘iIIiII‘l‘.
programs for lilil I‘.’ must Iiusses li-ai‘i- ilziiii I‘. M
iniin iippoiiiliiieiH~ In the from House.
iiiflm- oi" the Iluglsii‘ar for I .\l;i,\ 2.: Sigma
consultation with Ili'llil j Sigma plenh', IilIIIllil Iiilil-
.\t-I.-Ii|i.  lIt'l‘. Ihllnhl‘i II':I\'I- U I'. “-
.\]ijiHIlillliI'lilw2 . from IIIilln‘v.
Mornings. v‘ \lai '_'.'l llobaii- Niiuiiil pic-
lil:ilti .\ .\I to i'.."llli I’..\I. [ liIt‘. SIIIigi-rlunils. 225i”
'_':.'itI l'..\l. to tilt! I'M. l’. ,
H('.\ I May '..'.'> l’lil lirlizi |Il|'ll|".
in“, SC“ Inwlwumvupm, l\':i\valrinu- lathe.
conl‘vi'i-iiri- will he held lII ' “"5 :7 "1”" x “"""1“”'
Silver Iiay, I.:ilu- thou-go,‘ Iri'llllkl'. I'—' ..
I'm”. Jun“ m I” JIM“, 3” Mai 13? I*‘l'nsll iIi-Imli- IlII‘I'I‘
'I'Iiiine IIItI-I‘MIIIII Ill IN'I‘IIIII j “WI “'“m' 15" “"1” I" M
lug duh-gains io ilu- run I WI." L'i' .\'I~wiiuiii I‘IIIII.
i \I
i
.

y Bulletin

 

Iniinlnla

fort-noi- Inin obtain Iiii'ol‘in l“'””‘""' “3”” I" '
iilioii In the h‘i‘.\ office. MW" :7 F""“"i' l‘ll'i’ “up
St'.\ will sponsor Organ h" Sl‘l'l’m'i l"’“”“"' ":30
I‘nliwi'ln‘ lII Iill' I'IiItnI‘IaIi I. "l‘
I‘liuri'h IIlil'Ii ol' Iin- college. “"3 '37 5“" '“'"'”“l“" “m”
tirgaiilsis during iIll' \Vt‘I‘Il “""“" ”' l"""‘h-"”‘rl””
will Include Ilr. 'r,  . t'hm't‘liv 7”” I “v
t‘iinillin. Hazel ltoIn-i'ls “"5 1“” ﬁlm" "9' H’ I" l‘
and .\iurril Walruih, 1H it'llIIIH. 'l‘roy.
“I”, WNW". .\Iny '..'.‘i (‘limsi-s iliniiilsxioil
President. I" \'
III'IAN 0|" WOMEN
Members of the classes of
’I.‘l illlII ‘il Interested In Ill'-
coining .Ilininr .\Il\'lnorri Io
linnINl tho incoming fresh-
liliiii next year must Il'lH‘t'
their applications In tin» of-
iIt'o ot‘ i‘Iltl‘Iit'illl of Wu-

Miiy 2n i'Iit'h‘H t‘luh moi-l-

Ing, liooni .‘itl‘l, 7::lll l'. M.
May iii) .lli-Iiioi'lnl Iiii)’
IIIIIIIIIIJ'.

June it. Dedication of
Saylos' ilnll, (lyiuiiiirilnui
III' IiIlIItIIIlL’.

.Illllli‘ l| t‘lilss lliiy Actlvli-

“H.” ,. I i i-s. l'ago lliill, H:.‘til l' it.

May tiff. 3" WWW" Juno In Tillt'l'liilllll‘i'lilti

hi”. ., I r "‘i
NINJIAII “Alal‘lNliAlt T'H‘Nillh “up.” “H”, W“)
May ‘Jllv -\Vx A iipi'lng
Awui'ii'a liuntiuot, Miss
Johnston’s Home, 20
Winthrop Ave. it P. M.
May Ul'ri‘lliiitl vs. i’riitt In
baseball, lllilgoflelil l'iirk.

.lun‘i». I'tl Senior iirt-aitl’ant
itiill‘I‘l‘VilI'li t‘afeturla, 8:30

.I uno itl -»-— (‘ommoiiooment
I‘iXt'i'i'IHtfii, l'iige ilnll 2
l'. M.

 

 

 

.mM.,,...., ...

     

SEB Placement
Rises This Year

In the two meetings of the SEB
this week, it was learned that there
have been forty more placements
this year than there were last year.
So far, those to receive teaching po-
sitions are: ﬁfty-nine experienced
people, forty inexperienced seniors.
seven inexperienced graduates from
other colleges, and twenty-seven
State graduates.

Yesterday all senior men and
graduate students, especially those
who have been drafted, were asked
to keep in touch with the Employ-
ment Bureau.

 

Registration in the SEB was ex-
plained to the juniors during a
meeting Tuesday afternoon.

The latest list of seniors to secure
teaching jobs for the year 1941-42
include the following:

Iris Barnett, ’41, Adams; Isa-
bel Burgin, '41, Saugertics; Pauline
Byra, '41, Boonvillc; Iva Daetwyicr,
’41, Galville; Matthew Gadziola.
’41, Grand Gorge; Bernice Gates.
’41, Utica; Frances Hoffman. '41.
Margarctvillc: Herman Kleinc, ‘41.
Worcester. Mass; Helen Lashcr.
'41, Lecdlowville; Cathrine Mar-
cloy, ’41, Webster: Virginia Mes-
chutt, '41. N. Y, Tile 00.; Dorothy
Mix, ‘41, Fells Mills; Allllt‘ Mor-
berg, '41, Gcrinantown:

a1, Germantown: Betty Pritchard.
‘41. McGraw; Frances Riani. '41.
Homer; Gerald

Margaretville; Catherine

'41. Solo; Shirley Van Valkcnburg.
'41. Johnstown; Ethel Williams. ‘41.
Utica.

 

I2 OUNCE BOITlE

 

{carried him in 1901 on the "S. S.
lThomas” to the Philippine Islands.

i

Clarence,
Olsen. '41, Goshen; Helen l’itinnn.

Saddlcniirc. ‘41.
Shafei‘.

Any illusions you may have cher-
ished about retirement being the
beginning of a glorified “loaf” are
about to be disrupted.

Here Is a man who in three Weeks
will leave the State College faculty
after 28 years‘ ineinbership——and in-
stead of looking forward to an ex-
tended siesta, he has set up tenta—
Live plans for travel in the Western
hemisphere. compilation of a family
genealogy and renewal of intimacy
with his cellar workshop.

Jesse Floyd Stlnard. head of the
Spanish department. admits his rec-
reations are hangovers froth youth.
A native New Yorker (Tioga Coun-
ty», he began traveling in earnest

shortly after graduation from Brown:

University tA.B.l and Penn State
MM.) His initial teaching contact

Many a State College class has
laughed with Senor Stinard over
his experiences with the little

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MAY 23, 194i

Stinard Plans Travel Tour
After Retirement In June

by Shirley Siege! 6‘

 

trips in Japan, one of the loveliest
countries in the Orient. En route
back to America in 1904, he took a
“short cut" through the Suez Canal.

Constant companion on the trips
has been his wife. the former Mar-
garet D. Ickes of Iowa, whom he
married September 4, 1912. A year
after his marriage, he transferred
to State from Cornell College, Iowa,
teaching German and English.

As for the genealogy. a long time
ago he translated the German dia-
leaf; of a letter describing the arrival
of his ancestors in New York in
1730.

A small group of daguerro-types

and amber prints is to be the nuc-
leus of a photograph album collec- HOt Turkey
tion of the family—which is remind- Sandchh

or that Senor Stihard is a photo-. 40c
grapher in his own right. His otheri
chief hobby is woodworking.

 

EMIL J. NAGENGAST

 

brownekimtcd pupils. and sobcred
at his vivid recollections of a chol-

YOUR COLLEGE FLORIST

 

 

 

 

 

 

PLENTY OF

  
 

 

Morris

Diner

H. Monette, Prop.

.0-

Fresh Pastries Every Six Hours

 

Hamburg Special Spaghetti
F. F. Potatoes & Cold Slaw
20c 25c

COMPLETE DINNERS DAILY FROM 400 to 65c

234 Central Ave. WE NEVER

 

 

 

TRADE AT
YOUR

; COLLEGE

t HABERDASHER

I

I

MEN’S

éNAPPY 

SPRING STYLES
MANHATTAN SHIRTS
ADAM HATS

ll7 S. PEARL 221 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

era plague.
While stationed in the Philip- Comer Ontario at Benson st, PARKING SPACE Albany, N. Y. CLOSE
jpincs. he used to enjoy Milking. —__—
i _

 

 

 

Good Food in A Friendly,
Comfortable Atmosphere

HERE'S

Western at Quail

 

 

 

 

 

L___.

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 

for energetic mind: and

 

 

 

 II I,
I 

i STUDENTS
' comma 10 new roan

. .Iioy oi the Henry Hudson Hotel. For 0 weak-end,
a vacation or or a permanent roltdonco this popular
club-hotel II particularly wliobla. its vorioo cultural
activities and recreational facilities provide oxarciu

docks. Library. Mmlc studios. 00 foot pool. Full Ioclol
programs. Popular priced reiicuronir. Cultural,
shopping and amusement one: all nearby.

EPICIAI. STUDINT AND IACUITV IATII
Single ".00 daily, "2.00 weakly
Double ".50 daily, "6.00 weakly

l200 ROOMS WITH BAIII

 

II. WIIT 57th "II" 0
John Paul Stack, General Manager
I I I I

 

1...!

bodies. Slit lovngu. Five we

 

HEAD UNIT!"
ICA WOMAN
“KAISWCMIION

 

   

NIW VOII

 
 
 

 

124s ~ — - -

play suit
12-18 —

 

 

 

 

B. Printed pinaforc with rick— 'ack trim . . i I ’ . ‘
. Complete with matching print kcrchiei‘.

mew”?

FUN - damentals

   
   
  

for your Summer

Irom
Myers

Playtime

A. Striped cotton playsuit with separate skirt . . . . flared shorts.

beneath a white pique

The Playtime Sil()))~»8(‘(‘()lltl lv‘Ioor

 

 

