       

   

  
 
   
 
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

WE Emblbiml May, 1916
‘ By the Clan of 1918

 STATE COLLEGE NEWS 31':

Vol. XXV Thursday, It‘ebruary 20, ml] No. it
Member Distributor .
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest "
The nndergrndunte newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS lloard for the Student .\.<.~zoel.-Itlon.
Telephones: Office. 5‘0373; Murray. 2-0888; Clark, 4-0373
Entered or second class matter Albany. N. l'., posiolllm‘.

 

REPIIBINTID you NATIONAL ADVERTISING IV
National Advertising Service. Inc.
College Publisber: Representative

420 MADISON AVE. NEW YORK. N. Y.
cuICAoo - Bosvon - LOI Alon." ' Slur Funclsco

The News Board

 

JOHN A. MURRAY _ _ EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
BEATRICE A. DOWER .. _ - CID-MANAGING EDITOR
STEPHEN A. KUSAK - _ _ CO-MANAGING EDITOR
RALPH CLARK _ _ _ _ BUSINESS MANAGER
BETTY PARROTT _ _ _ ADVERTISING MANAGER
JAMES MALONEY - _ _ _ _ SPORTS EDITOR
WILLIAM DORRANCE - _ - _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
EDWIN HOLSTEIM _ _ _ - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
HARRY PASSOW _ .. _ _ - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

JUNIOR SPORTS STAFF
PHIL KAUFMAN CARL MAROTTO
VIRGINIA POLHEMUS

JUNIOR BUSINESS STAFF
HARRIET DEFOREST MADELINE GRUNWALD
IRA HIRSH HUBERT MOORE
ALLEN SIMMONS

 

Issue Editors
W. RICHARD DORRANCE E. JOSEPH HOLSTEIN
A. HARRY PASSOW

«mm

All connnunicatlons should be addressed to the editor amt
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The ."l‘A'l‘l'l COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or commuulcalions.
as such expressions do not necessarily roller-t its \‘lt'W.

 

 

College Community Chest?

Last Friday morning a collection was taken in
assembly. It was not the first this year. On the
contrary, it came close on the heels of several others.

Various other means were used at State last week
to collect money. March of Dimes boxes were
placed throughout the school. The “Second Floor
of Draper Drive” came and went. A dance was
held Friday afternoon. All this in the name of
charity.

It is easily seen that these causes are worthy ones.
That fact needs no proof. It is also realized by the
discerning observer that the method of collecting
money now used not only contains much unnecessary
duplication of effort, but is also particularly in-
efficient.

It would seem that the time has come for State to
organize a college “Community Chest.” [t has
become desirable to substitute for these varied and
repeated collections throughout the year one con-
certed, intensive campaign to collect money to
establish a Charity Fund from which donations can
be made to organizations outside the school as their
need is brought to our attention.

The benefits of such a system are obvious. A
greater sum of money can be collected by one inten»
sive drive early in October than by a large lllllll-
ber of small campaigns throughout the year. Stu-
dents will not be annoyed all year by repeated
requests to contribute to one thing or another.
Duplication of effort will be eliminated. Most im-
portant, students, since they will be appealed to
only once instead of meeting constant requests for
aid, will contribute more.

The (‘onnnunity ('hest idea has proven itself
successful throughout the tuition. is there any
reason why it cannot Work at State?

When Do You Want it?

'l‘oday s expt-rinu-ul is an experiment in the (late
of l'illlillt‘ltlltlll. 'l'omorrow morning, upon entering
the auditorium of Page Hall for the weekly li‘riday
forenoon get-together, State students will be handed
still another (nu-stitmnairc this time to determine
whetlwr this experiment shall become a pernntnent
feature. The questionmtirc will give student readers
an opportunity to show their preference as to which
day of the week the State College News shall be
issued.

’l‘oday’s experiment has convinced the staff that
the Thursday date is preferable from the point of
view of more adequate news coverage. In addition,
the earlier edition offers more advance notice of
the highlights of the weekend social affairs. How-
ever, the choice of the student body as indicated by
the tabulation of the questionnaires, will determine
the final decision.

. on Mr. Miller.

 

 

- j T...

The first plays of the second
semester did not raise the standard
cf the last term. There are many
improvements in the actual stage
production that are worthy of men.
tion.

The set for Miss Real’s rather
heavy, morbid drama was an asset
to the building of the mood. For
once the lighting coordinated with
the action. Sound effects gave a
weird. mystic touch to the play. The
clock with its uneven pendulum
played one of the leading roles, and
its acting compared favorably with
that of the other characters.

We feel that top honors Should go
to Vince Miller for his negation of
his own personality. This is the
best of Mr. Miller's roles to date.
We believe that a proof of good act-
ing is a complete submersion of an
individual to the requirements of his
role. Mr. Miller is maturing in his
ability. Joe Trumbull should be com-
mended for the fine makeup work

We wish that Mr. Kiley had stud-
ied the manner and actions of a
doctor before attempting an inter-
pretation. His portrayal was too
stagey.

Mr. Soderlind lent. a touch of
melodrama near the end of the play.
With more experience, he will be-
come a polished actor.

Mr. Seifcrt was well cast for the
part of Death's secretary and suc-
cessor. His was the missed oppor-
tunity of stepping up the tempo
enough to keep the play from lag-
ging. His stentorlan tone became
pain-ful-ly e-nun-ci-a-to-ry.

Miss Real's direction was excel-

 

lent, although the filial speeches
were definitely oratorical. l

Critic

Miss Coarsey’s offering for the
evening challenges definition. Were
it produced on Campus Day, it
would undoubtedly take first. prize.
It. offered an excellent opportunity
for State students to play them-
selves, and met. popular approval on
tht. ground. The confirmed bache-
lor, although subtly humorous in
well-delivered innunendoes. slowed
up what should have been a. fast-
moving comedy. His sense of pause
was good, but should not have caus-
ed him to retard the action.

Miss Keeler’s aim may not be so
good, but her indignation proved the
high point in the play. Mr. George
saved his part; from no mention in
this column, by his pantomime, The
actors cannot; be blamed too much
for the faults of the “play.”

We refer our readers to Miss
Hutchins’ article on distortion in
art in the second issue of the States-
man, as an introduction to the not-
cd artist. Grant Wood. who will ap-
pear at State next week. It is sel-
dom that we are privileged to see
and hear the artistes celebres. Mr.
Wood has interpreted his native
Iowan countryside in art that is be-
coming increasingly familiar to the
layman and is d -t'inltely influencing
the modern school of American art.

Such an opportunity should not
be missed. These famous people add
as much to our college education as
the courses in the curriculum.

Talking about. artistes. did you
know that Al Kavelin is a graduate
of the Royal Verdi Conservatory of
Music in Milan. Italy? Disdaining
a career in the classics. he has be-
come a favorite sweet; “swinger.”
Betty Baker. a Myskania member of
the class of '39. reports that Kave-
lln is “good stuff" and produces ex—
tremely danceable music.

Explanations Are In Order

 

To the Editor of the S'M'rn Commonl
News:

When the Pcdagoguc was first put
on the Student Association Budget,
the editor had figures to prove that
if every one in the Student. Associa-
tion bought the Pcdagogac, it could
be had at one dollar less. The usual
price was between $3.00 and $4.00
per copy. The motion was intended
to obtain the book for the Student
Association at $2.50 per copy. How-
ever, the motion was misread and
students believed that for an addi-
tional dollar in student tax, each
would receive a Pedagogqu 'l‘hc mo-
tion was passed in that form.

A single copy of the I’L‘dayog/tu';
costs between $3.00 and $3.50 to pro-1
duce. Each year, the Pr'drtgog/uo;
budch estimates include uppl'oxl-‘
Inately $1500 from organizations int
the school. and between $800 und‘
$1000 from the student tax. Adver-
tising brings it up to nearly $3000.
For the past four years. the Potlu-
yogtto has cost $3300. In order to
keep up the some quality book which
was put. out for these past. four
years, it is necessary that at least
$3300 income can be assured.

’l‘he 1040 Ptrttttt/og/no started out
with a surplus from 1030 of $139. At
the same time. a contract with the
photographer netted $215. This year.
the photographer will pay only $125
to tho l’otltu/ot/m: because lust year's
sales were greatly over estimated.
'I‘hul. immediately gives the 1041'
I’rrdtu/omto a budget. reduction of
$229. Furthermore, several organiza-
tions discontinued their pages in the
I’f‘flftﬂnﬂltfl this your, or cut the
amount of the space which they had
formerly contracted for.

These abOVe are the reasons why.
after figuring the approximate cost
of your book and our income avail-
able to (late, the Pffflftﬂuﬂnti board
decided it was necessary to ask an
additional $.50 contribution from
each member of the Student Asso-
ciation receiving a I’cdttgfmuo.

'l‘ho Podttgomto also wishes to an-
nounce that every one who has not
yet. paid their student tax in full
should do so by the first of March.
The number of books which will be
needed will be ordered at that time.

Stephen Bull,

 

l

-—Communicali0m

 

Editor-lu-Chlef.

 

To the Editor of the Start: Common
ans:

One week has passed since I pro—
posed in assembly that business and
advertising managers of publications
and all uppcrclass treasurers be
commerce majors. This has been my
first chance to explain publicly and
calmly the surrounding circum—
stances Let; me say at. the outset
that; the “Hirsh resolution" was
not intended to be a resolution at
all, merely an idea for discussion and
amendment. As an idea I broach-
cd it to some students, I wondered
what. their opinion on it would be.
That. is where i made my mistake.
'I‘hey considered. weighed and tin-
ally badgcred me into proposing it
as a resolution before the student
body.

This was not a finished idea, i
must confess. Business at'tairs of
the school organizations have been
running along smoothly in general.
But you must admit steady satisfac-
tion is bound to pull after a Little.
Progress cannot be static. ’i‘hls pro-
posal simply struck me as a possible
means for oiling the Works of ottr
financial machinery.

According to the reception of the
suggestion in assembly, it might.
seem as it it. Were doomed to cor-
tuln (it-tout. ()n the contrary. I wel-
comed the lllove to postpone discus—
sion indefinitely. Here was my idea
placed before the student body and
in perhaps more memorable a fash-
ion than if I had produced it in an
orderly manner. according-to-Rob-
orls fashion. Let it rest in the minds
of our students' govcrmnent. I am
simply trying to increase efficiency,
not revolutionize the student; gov-
ernmental system.

Since the public announcement of
the proposal. I have been constantly
challenged for the reasons behind it.
If by "reasons" you hope to uncover
some dastardly machinations. some
scandal of embezzlement whose
secret shall forever be mine. I must
invite you to disillusionment. There
is nothing behind the pseudo—reso-
ltlon but the desire of a school citi-
zen to take an active part in his

government.
Ira J. lllrsh.

 

l

 

Remorse, Resolve, Relapse
-——-——""The Commenlmler——-—

Last Monday. the marks for the three upper classes
were released. There is always something strange and
tense about the day when the marks come out, al-
though there is no real reason for any commotion to
be caused. Most students have a ver g00d idea of
what they are going to get. To those people to whom
it really should matter—those students who are flunk-
ing a subject. it makes no difference at all, for they
have long since been told of their failure,

We have it, though, every year—a day of intense
excitement, a day marked by pledges running back
and forth between group house and college building
with the mail. a day of excited groups of students,
all asking or answering the query, “What did you
get?", a day of general commotion.

The most intense effect of this day is not an out.-
ward one. however. Its greatest impression is made

on the people receiving the marks.
Students Each and every individual opens his
Anticipate envelope, takes out the familiar yellow
Grades cards, and although he know well

what. is on each. looks eagerly at them.
There may be a surprise in one of the grades. but;
usually everything is as it has been anticipated.

Unless he is one of that handful of people whose
every grade is an “A.” the student is overwhelmed
with a wry sort of remorse and disgust. He looks
at his “C plusses" and thinks sadly of how pathetic-
ally little additional work would have been needed
to convert them into “B’s”—one less lecture cut,
one special topic done more thoroughly, one more
hour of study on the right; subject, one after-
noon in the library instead of in the Commons.
Everyone decides that it is so easy to get better
marks. that it takes such a small quantity of addi-
tional work that it is foolish not; to do it.

Everyone decides something else, too. Almost
everybody in the school decides that next semester is

going to be different. Of course, no
Aim For one is going to forsake any extra-
Sacrificcless curricular activities, or miss any social
Improvement life, or not play any bridge games, but

just a little less time wasted will suf—
fice to get better marks. Everyone decides to do just
a little better.

Making the decision is about; all that anyone ever
does. The next day, the Commons is just as full as it
ever was; the usual students are in the library; around
the school as much time as ever is being wasted.

It is surprising how soon the disappointment
caused by a set of mediocre marks ran disappear.
It is surprising how little stick-to-itlveness the college
as a whole has.

When grades were issued Monday, it is doubtful if
more than three or four people were satisfied with

the marks that they had received. It
Perseverance is cvcn’ more doubtful if more than
Negativo three or four people are doing anything
Quantity about it now. or will be doing any-

thing two weeks from now. The amaz-
ing lack of perseverance displayed here should no
noticed and should be commented on.

Perhaps We should not be too severe in our
criticism. however, of these people who cannot seem
to get. started. Next semester. maybe things will be
different. Perhaps someone will decide that he is
capable of getting better marks. and will really do
something to get them. Perhaps someone will resolve
to study harder. and will really study.

It is not too likely. but it might happen. Some
day. someone might stick to it. Not this semester.
blutumaybc the next. Energy might; somehow OVCl‘CUlllt'
s o 1.

We remain to be convinced.

fhé’i’WWéekly Bulls;

 

H'l‘l'lil‘lN'I‘ I'IIII’I.()\'.\II'1N'I‘ l-‘I-It, ‘_'| Junior l'roIII. \II
V I‘, .
\H “H‘lu‘l’ l'lllllll t‘lnlt. to l'. .\i
. seniors and grad slu- ,. .,.
deals are requested to be I‘ll: fH'IHHEM l'l'w'm'“ ill,
in lloont ‘Jttll ’l'hnl'sdny ""th “Minn-"m" 1‘
noon. lv‘oIII-uary “.37 by Miss “"‘m‘
irt-nt- Nt‘illilllt'lx', Assistant l“l‘ll. '3‘.“ Junior ’l‘t-a llanvv.
lllrm-tor oi' the Student llhn- llln‘lt- llootn. Alumni ill-st
|lltl.\lll1]‘lll lluroan. .\ quonr tll'llt'l' llnll. Bill) I'. M.
ilIIillIII I'I‘ till lllt' "l"ll|lt'.‘i III' In.“ or. H . v
V H V -. __ an! -t : l: hint
Job Hunting is to be llll- prim.“ H. fink,“ p..]|..l..:.
I'll out. .\ll lll't' to lll‘ thoro. lnmgh ql q‘qwmﬂqlﬂ
or I'Illlll‘ ltllt‘l‘ lo the Hitlli 7mm ['1 \‘l I I H
atom in mow. “ ‘ ‘ '
I  I I |"t-b, '_'.'l Kappa lit-la 'I'I‘d
I‘III‘.\( ll (Ill II for Honorary llll'lllllv‘l"\.
There will be a meeting of lioumu ‘..' l‘. .\l.
the ll‘l't‘llt'll (‘1th Thursday In.“ 3;; Amrm III...“ llouw
grumble. l'vlrl'lml'r '27 at: in honor or its t'mtomu
It: I. .\l. in the Lounge. 1.1..llg..xl “Hug.” 3gp, II ,\I
(‘IIII'em'o (linen, I'I'NI. 1.3.“. 3; alumni ’|‘o\\'o
[Ila'nluiouum mot-ling. lloolu 'JII llb'li
.  I .
’l‘ltu following people have :ll‘:llm.l.ll ,h'w 1' M" “In”
been elected to the Hopho- I "N'
morn- Stuffs of tho l'edav l"“"~ 35 l“""‘”” "l l"’”“"“
gog'uo: IIiI-I-llng: lloont 'Jtltl, Iliitl
l'. .\i.

Photography: It (I b o rt
lmonnrd, t‘nrolyn liurrowgI Feb. 25 Advanced llrulnu
,Ioun 'I'moy, llt'H I’luy: l'ngv ilnll .\n

liuninonn .-\tlvorllulng: “Hm-I'm" Him I" M'
.\lnrlon Adams. Shirley llt- l-‘oh. ‘Jtl Hitldonl (‘hrlstlaa
tor. llowurd liyneh. llolou AWW'IHHIHI I' l’t'Ht'“ ‘ H
(lutllln, Waller (irzywuez. lirnul Wood. i'ngt- llall

Literary: May Whiting. ‘\”'““”'l”"' “"3 I" M‘
Frances llourgooln, Hylvlu ll‘ob. '27 Newman t‘lub
’i‘el'i'l, ltlleanor Mupou, ltoh- luvollng, Notvinnn llnll,

ort laltlror. 'lzilti i'. M.
hilt-plum lluli, Web. 27 l"l't‘lll'l| I‘lnb tum-I-
ladltor-iu-(ihlof lug: Lounge. 7:15 l'. M.
HoylAL (Ml‘MNHAu March I lillHltolbtlll: Hitllo

Vol). 21 llebule: State (to). It‘l'onh vs. Hlenn It‘ros'h.
, . ‘ ' H Wm. S. lluel'elt Jr. High
 It‘l‘nquiil. float, Lounge, “chm”. 7 “‘M'
non. 21 Intonation: Hlulo l"{.",‘.’,‘.‘...‘.“limit?"."”{V.Tl“""
vs. Ht. Mlehnuls. Page “ “ ‘ ' HM' ‘ '
tu'koll .ir., High School
llnll (lym. 8 l’. M. 8:30 I’. M.

 

 

 

SUPREth ?

mount ’0. II“

 

 

    
     
  
      
 
 
  
 
  
      
 
     
 

  

 
 
  

LEFT It‘ll be a lucky fellow who receives a
call from this cute number MARION DUFFY
searches for the phone number of heart throb
No l 'Snuﬂ sald' Marlon Is usually on the
receiving end of the line Duff hails from Troy
and State halls Duff A commerce mater she
has commuted her way through Iwo and a
half veers of State III'e For the beneﬁt of the
male element. Duffy may be found In III the
Publications Office t2l the Commons. or ‘3)
the Tray bus P S She goes to classes, loo

     
 
  

 
  
   
 
  
  
    
   
 
   

    
     
        
  
   
    
    
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
   
    

  
 
  
 
 
   
    
  
 
  
    
  
  
   

  
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
 

REGAL ALI. the ﬁve popular and come y
candidates for Junior Prom Queen support In .
hallowed banner of the Class of I942. Below.
reading from left to right Marion Duﬂy,
Marjorie Gaylord June Haushalter Kay
Peterson and Mildred Swain Tomorrow night,
one of these State beauties will be crowned

  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

music

     
    
   
   
     
        
     
    
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
 
   
    

   

  
 
 

 
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
 

 

   
  
  

 
 
 

Photo. by Bull

 

 

  
 
   
   

Junior Prom Queen by last year's Queen.
Beatrice Dower '4] The coronation ceremony
at the Auranla Club will climax the ﬁrst and
biggest event of Junior Weekend. Junior Prom.
The music at the dance will be furnished by
Al Kavelin. author of the popular tune. “I
Give You My Word" and originator of the
distinctive "Cascading Chords" style of dance

    
    
 
    
  
 
   
    
 
 

    

  
     
     
  
      
   
 
  
    
     
   
     
   

j K A 1 H E I! l N E
: iPETERSON corresponds
gwith the Dean vuI tho!
little box in the hall In
lDraper Pete a southern

I
l

 
 

tier belle from Flushing
L I.. has won the hearts
I her fellow students
‘wnh her flashing smile
and vlvaclous manner.
plus another merit. Kay
has been active In sports
and In the social life of
Alumni Residence Hell
No l Her artistic talent
has produced many
posters which have
graced the halls of State
and have enticed many
Juniors Into paying their
class dues.

  
 
   
   
 

LEFT - No need for o
“fountain of youth here."
MILDRED SWAIN re-
freshes herself at a fountain
In Draper. This Sarnnae
oongstress has just cause to
pause In her activities at
State. As president of Now-
man "all and a member of
R e s I d e n c 0 Council. she
helps to enforce the curfew
laws for State women. 'l‘ull
a n d sophisticated. M to s
Stwaln has brightened slu-
denl assemblies with her
presence on the balcony
as class marshal. She
comes to us with royal
experience lawful
served last year as
an attendant III
the court. of
Queen Jane I.

  

ABOVE» - TypIoIIIIIIIloIH
Interest III shown by JUNE IMIJr
SIIALTEB In: the surveys the
bulletin board twl'IIll from the [tub-
ttar’s office in Duper Iloll for catch! no-
“coo of Prom. Slim and athletic. 0M0. II
she ls known to State. may often be found III III. "In of
Hell, engaged In one of her many favorite Iporlo Winn all
not busy on the athletic mm. Ibo records and Writ. Ibo
vorlod saliva.ch of the Junior can; In Im IIIka II
secretary of the clone. of am. State has lam. Id JIM
8mm. N. Y. “auburn In for ulna “We to My all;

  
   

 

  

       
      
    
       
   
     

     
   

  
    
   
  
    
 
  
  

 
 
  
   
 
       

     
  
  
 
 
 
 

 
  
  
 
 
  

 

