  
 

  

    
  
    
  
      
      
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
 

 

i
ii
2I
:l

   
  
 
 
  
   

Maloncy's
Beloncy

J.R.M.
HEN THE Bulger Battlers
scamper ,,onto the boards of

Page Hall gym tomorrow night, it

will not be for the traditional one-

sided farce that the varsity-Alumni
game of past years has been.

The grad coach has assured us
that the Alumni outfit will be “out
for blood". Another fighting senti-
ment came to our attention during
the week in the form of a card
from George Bancroft, '36, to Jim
Chapell, indicating the farmer’s
willingness—nay, eagerness—to play.
George states that he will be glad
to “lend my puny efforts toward
kicking—out of the varsity." He goes
on: “I wish, however, it could be
made a game instead of a farce,
with someone in charge of the
alumni team, making an honest at-
tempt to beat the varsity."

And such is precisely the setup
that has been planned for tomor-
row night’s battle royal. In the
past, the alumni team has been
large and unwieldy, with little, if
any, concentrated direction. The

 

 

main object of the grads has been'

to have a rollicking good time.
with the result that the varsity
cagers have traditionally hung up
wins in this particular encounter.

This year, invitations were care-
fully planned so that the strongest
possible Alumni squad will be on
hand. The team roster will probably
not exceed ten men. Moreover, spec-
tators should keep in mind what is
definitely the battle cry of the cur-
rent bunch of Alums: “Beat the
varsity.”

From all Indications, it should be
a hot game, and one not to be
missed. Tomorrow night's tilt will
be the last appearance of the 1940-
'41 varsity cagers in Page Hall. The
final curtain comes down on the
season in Brooklyn next Friday
night after the postponed clash with
Pratt—and what a season.

What we thought was going to be
a tight game over at Hackett Gym
last Saturday night turned into one
of the most pitiful routs We've ever
seen. Few people can understand it.
what with State holding Siena to a
three point lead in their initial clash.
and only recently trimming St.
Michael's. an outfit that later
toppled the Loudonville lads.

It would have taken a master‘
statistician to record the
shots that missed their mark in the
second half—an incredible number.
Something was amiss.

Note from Stew: Shaw: a strictly
enforced mustache requirement has
lgeen enacted for chess team mem-
crs.

 

OTTO R. MENDE
“The College Jeweler”

103 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

State .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1941

Game Features
Day of Reunion

Annual Alumni Day to Offer
Grads Varied Entertainment;
Varsity Drubbcd by Sienc

State basketball fans will be
given their last opportunity of the
current season to witness a varsity
basketball contest tomorrow night
when a powerful Alumni outfit
arrays its forces against the
varsity cage crew on the Page Hall
court at 8:30.

This year's Alumni game will be
unique in that the grads represent
one of the most powerful teams ever
to retrace its steps to Page Hall. An-
other disconcerting feature is the
fact that the grads will be an or-
ganized unit under the tutelage of
“Coach” Paul Bulger. This is the
first time that the Alumni have
displayed such enthusiasm and ar-
ranged to have a coach on hand to
help them come out on top.

Strong Alumni Team

The invading cagers will be drawn
from such notables of past State
teams as Paul Bulger, Jerry Amyot.
Dick Margison, George Bancroft.
Walt Danilewicz. Walt Simmons,
Johnny Havko, Will Frament.
“Duke” Hersh. and perhaps Tom
Harrington.

Almost all the members of this
squad have been active in basketball
since they left State. Many have
played semi-pro ball, and others
have taken over coaching jobs.

Manager James Chapel], who is
also in charge of Alumni Day, re-
marked that scme of the replies re—
ceived from the grads carried a
note of warning.

Grads To Cavort
The third annual MAA Alumni

Cagciliacc Alumni Tomorrow in Final Home Contest

 

Alumni Coach

PAUL BULGER  1936 gradu-
ate and assistant principal of Milne.
who will coach the Alumni team
tomorrow.

 

Frosh - Soph Rivalry

Contest Tomorrow

Yello Devils Lose Games to

Delhi Aggies, Siena Frosh

The fresh Yellow Devils are still
gunning i'or their first victory. They
will have their last opportunity of
the season tomorrow night when
they meet the sophs in the annual
rivalry game at 7:30.

However. if their play so far ls'
any indication. only a miracle can
win the game for them. The sopho-l
more team boasting six varsity mem—
bers. appears for too strong l'or the
freshmen. Moreover. the “Hers will
be minus Bill Forrest who has been
one of the main cogs of their weak

 

Day will start at 2 o'clock in the
gym of Page Hall. The afternoon}
will be devoted to the likes andi

fancies of the "old timers” with such I

,alternatives as cards. games. ping-

pong. badminton. bull-sessions. and;
the like. I
At five-thirty a buffet supper will
be served. All returning alumni will .I
be invited to attend the game in.
the evening. climax of' the day ofi
reunlon. I
Sierra Crushes Varsity 
Last Saturday night. State took
it on the chin at I-lackett Juniorl
High School when a crushing. i‘ight- i
Ing team from Sierra swishch the,
ball through the hoops for a 02-27
win.
Howie Tucker lived up to expec~
tations when he hooped 21 points
and was taken out lest he set an all-
tlrnc high for Sicna. Merritt was
high scorcr for State with ninci
points.

Inclement Weather l
Cuts Requirements

A reduction in the number of

 

MADISON g
SWEET SHOP

 

Home Made Ice Cream I
and Lunches

785 Madison Avenue I

hours required for skating credit.
has born announced by Mndnlyn
ilccrs. president of WAA.

Because of the luck of proper
wculhcr conditions. It has been nigh
impossible for the girls to rcccivc
enough cl‘cdlt. ’l‘hcrcforc. seven
hours. including trvo supervised
ones. will now obtain credit for
skating.

If more doesn‘t

snow appear.

 

machine.

In the game with the Aggies last
Tuesday afternoon. the Yellow,
Devils dropped their Icnlh COllSi‘l'lI-l
tivc contest. Although the score
was tied twenty-two all at inter-j
mission. the fresh pluycd br'illinntlyl
in the first half: and when thcyl
took a 34-28 lead at the end of the
third quarter, they seemed headed1
for victory.

'l‘hcn camc the fatal fourth quarw
tcr. The i'rosh were tired and (lid
not check. The Aggies. on the other
hand, chalked up 27 points and
wound up on the winning side of a
55—48 score.

Last Saturday the frosh were
routed by the smooth working
Sierra freshmen to the tune of
47-16.

 

 

Ithcrc Is also a possibility lhut six
3 Doors from Quail Street ,or scvcn hours of toboggunniug and
24,733 we Denver 'skling will suffice for credit In thesi-

iwinter sporls. I

 

 

 

 

MADISON
SHOE REBUILDERS

807 Madison Avenue
You Pick Up Your Plionc
We Pick Up Your Shoes
8—th30 8-2230

 
 
  

 

 

EMIL J. NAGENGAST

YOUR COLLEGE FLORIST

I? OUNfl BOIIII (.‘orncr Ontario at Benson St.

 

 

KODAKS CLINE KODAKS

Albany (‘amera Shop, Inc.
204 WASHINGTON AVENUE
ALBANY, N. Y.

PHONE 5-4558

 

 

DIAL 8-9038

Else’s Hair Dressing
HAIR STYLIST

LICENSED ZOTOS snap
805 MADISON AVE. ALBANY, N.Y.

 

 

'l‘l/r .\'rrcz'.\'l [full/ion 'l'run/
j o I’ .S' [l r i H g

is llll' ‘l

M A N I k I N I

SII.lI()Ul".'I"I'lt I

0

TIM: SI.I.\I LINES .\RI‘:

l
SM.\|\"I‘|,\’ .vr'r‘wmrzn IN I

Witchcraft?»

.S'l’lt/Nfl PLOT/[HS

 

 

 

 

Skidmore Conducts
Successful Playday

What a life! An almost un-
precedented early arrival gave
state’s fair damsels a chance for
a sightseeing tour of Saratoga
prior to their basketball play-day
at Skidmore.

After mixing the teams up and
playing two games (in which
Skidmore used the celebrated
“zone defense”). the girls enjoyed
a luxurious swim in Skidmore’s
very inviting pool under the
gym. This enjoyable pastime was
followed by tea and dancing in
the recreation room.

WAA, MAA Plan

Annual Barn Dance

 

A suggestion has been made to
discontinue Sports Night this year
and to conduct only the Barn Dance
sponsored jointly by WAA and
MAA, combining the best features
of both affairs.

Upperclassmen will remember the
successful Barn Dance of last year.
and the popular concessions which
were a part of the Sports Night in
the Commons. The plan is to In-
clude concessions similar to those

 

of Sports Night at the Barn Dance.‘

 

College House Bows

To RPI Court Team

Sprowls' Outfit Gamers Win
Over Saddlemire All-Stars

College House suffered defeat at
the hands of Chi Phi, the leading
team of the RPI intramural loop,
Wednesday night in Page Hall gym
by a score of 19-15. The Central
Avenue boys lacked the services of
Square Carney and Howie Ander-
son, who have left school, and By
Benton. who is playing with the
varsity.

Nevertheless, the game was close
all the way with the lead see-saw-
ing back and forth. The defenses of
both teams were tight. College House
used their zone, while Chi Phi used
a very close man to man. Both
teams were weak on the offense
and were unable to find the hoop.
High scorer in the game was Moe
Riordan of Chi Phi.

In the preliminary the Sprowls'
All-stars nosed out the Saddlemire
All-stars. 30—25. These teams were
chosen from the stars of the intra-
mural loop. not counting the CH
team. This game showed the slop-
pincss that is always present In a
squad not used to working together.
Orley Peppard of the Sprowls squad
was high scorer with 10 points.

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD

 

TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

DIAL 5-1913

CAFETERIA

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

   
  
  
 

things go smoother. Ice-cold
Coco-Cola odds refreshment to
relaxation. Itsdelightful,who|e~
some taste husthe charm of pur-
ily. So when you pause through-
ouithe doy,mcrkelfilrepause that

refreshes with ice-cold CocanCola.

Take a minute to relax, and

When problems get
knotty...pause and

 

Drink

W'

TERA“! MANN

  
 
   

Delicious rind

\Rt-I‘r'eslrirrl; I I“

YOU TASTE ITS QUALITY

liorrlrd unllcr uulhoriiv of The (loco-(:qu (Ionumuy by

ALBAN Y COCA-COLA BO'I‘TLING C0.

326 N. ALLEN S'l‘ltl'll‘l'l‘

ALBANY, u. y,

 

 

.....-l ,u 'r-r. 1:5.- ....ru.uwﬁsw < ~ rwsrwm

 

 

 

 

 

 

Myopia Again——

Give, if thou canst, an alms: If not, afford
Instead of that, a sweet and gentle word.
—Robert Herrick.

We live too much in the present, unable to see the forest for the
trees. Contemporary history we regard as all important; the past we
scan, the future we shun. Thus we can see in the men’s dormitory fast

STATE COLLEG

 

 

 

 

2-443

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1941
VOL. XXV, NO. 19

25th
YEAR

 

 

 

nearing completion only a threat to fraternities, the death-rattle of
the cooperative group-house, and the first in a series of abridgments
of personal male liberty. We oppose the tampering with the status qrm
which the erection of Alumni Residence Hall N0. 2 represents, es-
pecially when such tampering involves our rc-dedication to the “give”
rather than the “get” philosophy. -

Every undergraduate enrolled in State College possesses a scholar-
ship worth $400 normally—holders of state scholarships receive an
additional $100. It may be that we deserve this money. It may be
“the least we can expect of a state too niggardly to establish a real
university." But such a view represents the state as some intangible
automaton designed to dole out funds to the deserving. It malignantly
neglects the consideration that we are llrc slolc, that we expect the
state to invest its limited revenues where our clcrlrd representatives
think the funds will do the most good.

“If the Appointment Bureau gets me a job. I‘ll contribute to the
Dorm Drive" has come to be the usual apology given for not signing a
pledge. The implication in this statement is that a job is the only
thing of value one may “get” from four or five years at State. Myopic
holders of this view overlook the significant. fact that State also offers a
liberal education at a cost negligible when compared to that :11 colleges
and universities of similar rank and reputation. Not satisfied with
their refusal to pledge, these selfish individuals have withheld their
coopcrzliion and scllcd every opportunity and tr'ivialiiy to discredit
the project.

Two And Two Does Not Equal Ii‘our

Opponents of Residence Hill] No. 2 have fortifch lhcmsclvcs behind
objections relevant to conditions at Hull .\'o. I. The only good thing
about lhc food at the prcscnl dorm is its scarcity. 'l‘hc coffcc is
abominable. 'l‘hc "ulnmsphcrc" of the dorm is one conducive lo "th1—
raising" and dcbauch, conducive to anything and (-vcrylhiug suvc
study. $102 pcr half is an exorbitant charge for board and lodging.
7:15 on unhon hour (II which to scrvc lll't‘ilI-lfilh'i, 70c an outrageous,
charge for u diuncr gucst, lhc “four-fcct—on—lIre-floor” rulc most,
inconvcnicnl llu- (Iol'llliiol‘y is n r'cgulnlion-ridden, comforllcss show—‘1
cusc. Nice to look at and that's about all. Assuming all these thingsi
to bc Il‘llc, how can dormitory opponents i'cconcilc their position to thcI
plu'mloxical, if not anomalous. situation which ioduy finds IIulI No. l
fillcrl Io cu/mr'il‘v and possesscd of an cvcl'-growing waiting list? lavi—
dcnlly their two and trvo does not cqlrul fol/r.

I’cculizu'ly bcuring the brunt of this privately cxprcsscd and pub-
licly uncxprcsscd student opposition has bccn lhc one man whose untir-
ing and financially uncrunpcnszrtcd efforts huvc made of the two dormi-
tories something morc than urchilcclurnl conceptions :uul pr'clly blue-
prints. .\'o onc clsc suvc possibly Rooscvcll would have plungcd
info a construction program involving more than half a million dollars
with little more than a fervent faith in the generosity of State grud-
uulcs as financial security. A year ago, the hue and cry emanating
from the student body I<‘()R WHOSE ICXI.‘I,L'SI\'IC IiI‘INI‘Ili‘I'l‘ this
housing program was designed might well have promplcd HIM to
mcnlully shrug his shoulders and the .‘\I.l_'.\Il\'I ASSOCIA'I‘ION to
ruisc its collcclivc hands in gesture of complclc ubundon.

Alumni Residcncc I'lull No. I raiscd a storm of protest in its day.
“ | loubting 'l‘houurscs" among the faculty, the alumni, and the student
body routed and ruvcd. 'l‘hc hcrculcuu task of financing, constructing,
and unlinluiuinyr a Women's dormitory lhcy regarded as manifestly
impossible of fulfilment. The past decade has given the lie to those
spcciolls critics. ()I'R ./\(‘(‘.ICI"I‘AN(‘IC BY THE ASSOCINI‘ION ()l“
AMERICAN l’.\'l\’I'IRSI'l‘II‘IS WAS MAIIH I’OSSIIlIJ‘I BY 'I‘I-[lrl
I'lRlﬁC'l‘ION ()I“ THE I’lRS'I‘ I)()R.\II'I‘()R\'. Alumni Residence
Hall .\'o. I was in :1 practical sense the grcalcsl single factor in the
metamorphosis of Ihc normal school into the college. WHO KNOWS
IIII’I‘ 'l‘IlA'I‘ ’l‘lII". “I"l\'l‘l YICAR I’I.A.\"‘ ANI) 'I‘III‘Z ALUMNI
RI‘ISIIHCNCIC l'IAI.I, NO. 2 MAY 'I‘R;\.’\'S|“()R.\l ’I‘HI‘I (‘()I.I.I'I(ll".
IN'I‘O ’I‘I-II“. UNIVICRSI'I‘Y?

Dorms li‘orrn (hrurlrungle Nucleus

Next full we will have u campus. It may be a quarter of a mile
distant but we will have a campus. We will have a recognized center
of student social and ullicd~curriculur life. For lhc first limc lhcrc
will be an opportunity for the “normal” association of graduate and
umlcrgruduutc sludculs. We will lmw lhcsc things when Alumni
Ix’csidcncc llull No. 2 opens its doors. ’l‘orluy's nurmunccmcni, of
aulrninislrnlivc policy rclulivc lo lhc mcn's dormitory is again giving
lhc he to still specious and uninformcd critics. Al the bottom of
most of lhcir vilupcrulivc criticism has bccn u wocful ignorance of
lhc facts.

It is cvidcul that the morc \vc lcur'n about Alumni Rcsidcncc Ilull
.\'o. 2, llrc more we upprcciulc what it menus lo the collcgc. Willi lhc
t‘l'i'r‘lioil of State's second dormitory, \vc complclc no building pro—
gram; \\‘c slund :rl mid-pussng Dormitorics .\'o. I and No. 2 corn-
plclc two sides of u (‘lnmh'unglc which by :m- not too near-sighch to
r‘ll\‘l>llilr' more day occupicd by a Student I'niou and u (lynumsium.

Sluic ('oilcgc may be thc nation‘s outstanding lcuchcrutruining
institution or it may In' just a gloril'icd high school. It may be the
proud possessor of u lrcrilugc almost a cculury old or ii rnuy bc flound-
cring in the dcplhs of "The (lrcul 'l‘rudiliou." It may hnvc a super-
emphasis on grades or :i dc-cmphusis on ulblclich. Il may bc “on
llllllli'-|)olIHlli'l'S pau‘rulisc,” “u moiIvulion-mud mill," "u haven for
pusilluuimons pcdugogncs,” or what have you. Regardless, it is lor'
the vast majority of us Mr only 1mrlr‘rgmrlmz/c institution which we
will cvci' :rllcud. 'I‘o Mlllli‘ of us. an lcusl. Stale (‘ollcgc has both
Illl'lllll and givcu soon-thing.

 

 

Pierce, Sayles

» ~—--- 4»

 

 

"Dean Annie"

 

Slulo "its Big City
As Mayor IVorrir‘s

Mayor LuGunrdia. now worried
about the bits strike in the big
city. will have a minor custrophc
on his hands this weekend when
State’s gullible lullivcrs spread
terror over his domain. The
News Board will attend the CSPA
convention. staying at the Henry
Hudson Hotel near Columbus
Circle. rl‘cn Milne students will
also be at the convention. but will
stay at the Commodore, next to
the Grand Central Terminal.

Fourteen members of the bus-
ketball squad, scheduled to play
Pratt, will be at the Hotel Ply-
mouth, off Times Square. The two
debaters speaking at Rutgers and
Queens have no definite dwelling
——possibly Greenwich village.

A field day for the Hlllll‘lllL‘HI

 

Newmanites Offer
Harps' Riot Tonight

l The Irish will celebrate St. Put-
rlck‘s Duy by dancing at the annual
l-Iurps‘ Riot tonight, under the spon-
sorship of Newman Club. According
to Frederick Ferris. '42, president. the
dnncc will be held in the Connnons
from 0 P. M. until midnight.

“Bill Grutlun and his orchcslru
will present their magical melodies
for the dunccrs' pleusurc umid St.
Patrick's colorful grccn slurmrocks."
in the words of Kathleen Martin. "13,
general clmlrrnun.

Tickets may be purchasch for fifty
cents n couple from James Portlcy.
"13.

Miss Martin will be assisted by
Loretta Sundslr‘om, "13, decorations;
Ann Cuslunun. “Ill. publicity; .lumcs
Porllcy. '43, tickets: Clifford Swan-
son. '43. urrungcrncnts; and Vincent
Pupc. ’-l-I, rcl'rcsluncnls.

LIU Mentor Clair Bee
MAA Dinner Speaker

Oluir llcc. dynunric couch of Long
Island Univcrsity's lop—ranking bus-
jkclbull lculn. will hc guest speaker
='l‘lun'sdny, Mnrch Ll . of. the unnqu
awards banquet of the Men's Atlllc-
llc Association. Willium llullcr. Pros-
ldcnt. unnounccd Ioduy.

Couch (l. lu‘lllol llull'icld rcport-
cd he expects to meet 13cc this week—
.cnd during thc Stole squud's trip to
rl’ruli.

 

 

Captains 1......

 

 

 

floor'.

 

I

‘For Dorm Drive

Dramatics' Alumni Donate $150,-
Brubacher Fund Totals 5450
With Quota Still UnIiIIed

Contributions to the Brubachcr
Memorial fund, for which the stu—
dent Association wagcd a vigorous
campaign, total
to date $450 to-
ward the goal of
$1640. Following on
the heels of this
campaign, R o y
McCreary. Senior

 

c l a s s president,
h a 5 announced
that the Senior

Class will shortly
be asked to pledge
funds to the men's
dcrrnitory fund.

T. Rue Stern
and Clarence ()lscn have been
appointed co-chuirman of a corri-
mittcc which will manage a Senior
Cluss dorm drive.

Sub-committees composed of 25
members of thc Senior Class met
yesterday to study means 01' effective
publicity for the campaign.

To dutc members of the classes of
l930, 1037. 1038, 1939, 1040 have pledg-
ed $10 each for 10 years toward the
men’s dorm fund. Classes for the
next thirty years will also be asked
to contribute.

The building committee was able
to go ahead on the construction work
on Suylcs Hall by means of long-
tcrrn loans which are bricked by the
class pledges. The
womcn‘s residence
hull was financed
In 11 similar way
and has not been
consldcrcd u liu-
bllily. lI‘InuncInI
c x p c r t s In the
Stulc wcrc coll-
sultcd and they
agreed that the
p 1' cs c n l. was us
good u timc us any
to go ahead on the
construction.

The llrulurcher Memorial fund has

'l‘. lirrc Sir-I'll

 

('Inrcnco Olm-ri

to date a total of $450 distributed as;

follows: $200 from the Strident Asso-
oiulion, $100 from the cluss of '40. and
$150 donuch by the Advanced Dru-
uuitics Ahuunl from the proceeds of
"A Night with Shakespeare."

 

‘it will not be mzuulniory.
rcstriclcd to any residence hours.

' .39 Former Donn Anna E. Pierce was
the first to visualize a long range

 

 

 

Hall Selected
.1- .AS Dorm Names by Alumni

Men's Building Dedication
To Take Place on June 14

Cornerstone of New Dormitory to be Laid in April;
Completion of Construction Work Will Permit
Occupancy by Freshmen Next September

by DAVID SLAVIN

Slate College‘s men‘s dormitory, which is rising rapidly
on Partridge Street, has been named Sayles Hall, and the
women's residence ball will henceforth be known as Pierce
I-Iall. At Illc same time the Board of Directors announced
that the cornerstone lo Suylcs Hall will be laid on Saturday,
April 20, at 2:30 I’. M., and that the dedication ceremony
has been sci for Alumni Day, June 14.
slrucllon work on the $300,000 dormitory, which is sched—
uled for completion lune I, has already passed the second
It will be the policy of the the administration to
request all freshmen to live in the new dormitory, although

Meanwhile con-

'l‘hose living there will not be

housing program for State. Dr. John
M. Srryles who in his capacity as
president of the holding corporation
which administers alumni properties,
and as chairman of the building corn-
mittec, has worked unceasingly to
make the housing program a reality.
It was the long range vision of Dean
Pierce and the business ability of
Dr. Suylcs which brought two mo-
dern dormitories to State. For these
contributions the Board of Directors
thought it fit to name the buildings
for them.

Will House 134 Men

Snyles Hall is built to house 134
men. While freshmen will be re-
quested to live in the dormitory, they
may obtain permission from the
Dean of Women to live elsewhere.
This system is now in operation in
connection with women’s residence.

The cost of living in the dormitory
will be the same as that paid in the
women's residence halls. $324 a
year, payable by the semester. There
will be opportunities for a number of
men to earn their meals by waiting
on table or working in the kitchen.
The housekeeping may be done by
men who will be paid by the hour.
The jobs available will depend on
the number of men in the dormitory.
Rooms will be available for under-
graduate and graduate men.

ltecreution Fees

A special fee will be levied on all
who wish to use the recreational
equipment, which Includes billiards,
ping-pong, and bowling. Any male
member of the college who does not
reside in the dormitory will be able
to use these facilities at a slightly
higher rate.

It is the plan of the Directors to
hire a resident nurse who, working
«(forrmrucrt on pogc 2, column ll

Sophomores Will Dance
April 4 at Aurania Club

llryunl 'l‘uylor'. President of the
Sopiiolllol'c class. has announced
that the annual SODIIOlllOl‘C Soiree
will be conducted April it In the
Auruniu Club from 10 P. M. to 2 A. M.

As vice-president of the class. Mil-
dred Multico will be general chair-
man of the dance. The following
committee heads have been named
to assist her: music, l'lowurd Lynch;
decorations, Marilyn Rich; programs,
June Curtis; arrangements, Shirley
Ott; chupcrouos. Byron Benton;
Bids and invitations, Marion
Adams; publicity, Herbert Lcneker.

   
     

   
     

 

  

  
   

