 

I

  Gym Saturday

Statesman Meet Traditional Rivals for Return Game,-
Purple and Gold Scores Thrilling Victory Over
St. Michael’s College in Overtime Period

Fresh from their recent victory over the strong St. Michael’s College cach F‘l'm

quintet, the State College basketeers will hop over to William S.
Hackett Junior High School tomorrow night in an attempt to avenge
themselves against Siena College of Loudonville in their second en-

gagement of the current season.

In their last meeting on Decem-
ber 19, the Indians carried the decis-
ion by only three points, which may
be taken to prove the near equality
in the strength of the two teams.

Tomorrow night's game will be the
main sports feature of the week in
the Albany area. since State College
and Siena represent the two most
important local basketball outﬁts
which compete with the more pow-
erful Eastern colleges.

Comparative Figures

A comparison of the performances

of the two teams reveals that State
has a .200 mathematical average by
winning 2 out of 10 games, while
Siena has .429, having won 6 and
lost 8 up to this writing. State has
run up 405 points and her oppon-

ents have garnered 480. Siena has‘

642 points in 14 games while her
rivals received 691.

While a starting lineup for Hank
Bunoski's Warriors is too indefinite
to put in print, State's representa-
tives will be drawn from Hank
Brauner, Arnie Ellerin, Paul Mer-
ritt. Frank Hansen. Byron Benton,
Harry Bora, Leo Flax and “Moose”
Gerber. Bill Dickson and Tom

0

 

Top l-M Teams

College House and BAR'KDR
Victor Tackle College Foes;
KDR Stops Potter Club

tieipating.
Two Play Offs

. Play RPI, Union

Union College and Page Hall will
be the site of two tilts tomorrow
afternoon as State inaugurates in~
tercoilegiate intramurals. For State
this will be the opening half of a
program planned to be concluded
with games against RPI which,
should decide the Intramural cham—
lplonship of the three colleges par-

College House will trek to Sche-
nectady as State’s number one team
tomorrow and risk its unblemished
record against the likewise spotless
.slate of Kappa Sigma of Union. At
Page, State’s second club, the win-
ner of the BAR-KDR clash last

Maloney's
Baloney

J.R.M.

 

The other morning we were at-
tracted by an item in Dick Walsh's
Times-Union sports column that
cost us many a worried glance at
the bench as Friday night’s St.
Mike thriller got into its most agon-
izing phase.

It seems that a few weeks back,
Western Illinois Teachers’ College
was playing Iowa Teachers’, with
the latter leading 50-48, a scant for-
ty seconds before the tweet of the
final whistle. Then it happened. An
Illinois eager plopped in the tying
counter, In glee, a substitute slap-
ped Coach Hanson on the back, and
the good coach slumped to the floor
in a dead faint.

In the meantime, the game was
going on, and as Hanson was being
revived. Illinois scored the winning
basket. The crowd was filing out
when he opened his eyes to ask
feebly, “Who won?"

“We didl” he was told. Where-
upon he immediately fainted again!

And that was why we were so
concerned with the coach’s corner
of the bench as the fingernails flew
Friday night. But Coach Hatfield
showed no signs of buckling as the
team snapped its seven game losing
streak to score its second victory of
the season.

Aside from the weak defense that
has characterized the season. the
boys didn't look too bad. The Prom-

STAIE‘COELEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, rectum? as, 1941



It Can't Happen Here—Againl

 

l

 

 

 

' I DIDN'T I-IAVE‘
TIME TO
cums; AFTER
THE GAME!"

 

 

 

 

 

JAMES CHAPELL, manager oi varsity basketball, announced
this week that the faux pas pictured above by Stall Cartoonist Bob
Laurer cannot happen again, or at least not in 1942. Next year's
basketball schedule has a vacant weekend in it Ior Junior Prom.

Dorm B Wins Silver Cup;
State Will Visit Skidmore

In a close and exciting game; As an anti-climax the final games

 

State College N

 

Student Groups
To Stage Plays
Oi Shkispeare

Withey, Murray Head Program
To Raise Necessary Funds
For New Memorial Room

Shakespeare, long neglected on the
State campus, will receive his just
plaudits this evening, when the Ad-
vanced Dramatics Alumni present a
program dedicated entirely to this
great master. The program. entitled
“A Night With Shakespeare,” repre-
sents an effort to raise $300 which
the Advanced Dramatics Alumni
have agreed to contribute to the
Brubacher Memorial fund.

Men of State To Singr

The performance will include a
series of scenes from Tll(‘ Taming
of the Slu'cu‘, I-Innilct, Macbeth,
and a sketch taken from Shake-
speare‘s life entitled Tllc Uncertain
Hour. Shakespearean songs, sung by
the Four Men of State, John Gar-
dcphc, Howard Merriam. seniors.
Maxon Reeves. and Ira Hirsh. jun—
iors, and Shakespearean music un-
der the direction of Bernard Perl-
man. ‘42. and Jack Nordell. ‘39, will
round out the evening‘s entertain-
incnt.

Joseph Withey. '41, production

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1941

 

Assembly to Feature
Films This Morning

For the first time this year the
State student body will witness
a movie in assembly. Scheduled
for presentation this morning,
Student Association President
Merrill Walrath announced, are
two sound films released by the
Liggett and Myers Tobacco Com-
pany.

The first of the films is en-
titled, “Tobaccoland, U. S. A." It
is concerned with the Southern
states in which tobacco is grown,
and with the methods of curing
tobacco and of cigarette manu-
facturing. The second presenta-
tion is a film which depicts one
of Fred Waring’s regular nightly
broadcasts. Selections by the or-
chestra will probably be included
in the movie.

The program will last for more
than fifty minutes.

State to Debate
Rutgers, Queens
Home DelTSFe—Scheduled Friday

With Hamilton College Squad
Over Union oI Hemisphere

 

 

Four representatives from State‘s,
varsity debate squad will journey lol

 

manager. is being assisted by Caro
Golden, John Gai'dephc, seniors,

.New York City next week-end on 21‘
spring trip which will include de-I

cool.

VOL. XXV, NO. 10 ’

Threat to Democracy-Lehman
No Time ior Loafing-Nelson

 

Iioc/mIc/i

Dr. Milton G. Nelson

"Sit Tight.” Experts Tell Deans ,

'I‘irm's (’niun

Gov. Herbert H. Lehman

 

‘ I

1 College students

Governor, Dean .

In Accord,- Both

Say [Cooperately

New York State Head Claims
Individual Students do not
Realize Dictator Danger

Ed. note: The material in this story
expressing the viewpoints of Gov-
crnor Herbert Lehman was obtained
from him in a personal interview by
Janet Baxter and Betty Gravelle,
freshmen.

“Democracy is under threat. The
threat is to each one of us. We
must and will meet that threat—-
you and I and all other citizens—by
united action, working together
shoulder to shoulder.” This was the
utterance of Herbert H. Lehman,
Governor of the State of New York,
in a speech on January 21, 1941.
in Washington. D. C. This was the
message that he offered to State
in his interview.
This is also the message that Dr.
Milton G. Nelson. Dean of the Col-
lege, brings to us from the conven-

lumﬂ’vqu’arﬁéLm-MMWW ' " 

Smart...

and Jane Curtis. ’43. John Murray.
'41, who is supervising publicity and
other details of the production. is
aided by Robert E. Patton, '41. An-
thony Ingoglia. ‘42. and David Sla—
vin. ‘43. Faculty advisers are Agnes
E. Futtcrcr. Marion Cliesebrough,
and William G. Hardy, of the Eng-
lish departman

Feeney W111 DTODBDIY be Ollt- night, will play host to Union's slimmed crowd enjoyed what was Dorm B team won its fourth tilt.of the league schedule were played
st. Michael.s Fans number two club also pending 8 probably the hotest fray in Page to capture the silver cup which sym- I this past Wednesday night. The Ho-

Last Friday night the State fans playtgflbetweien Pi Gamma Delta since last year’s varsity shaded bolizes. the championship of thelboes (formerly the Commuters A)
witnessed one of the biggest “mm and e tadCh. , Niagara U. in a 01-50 photo-finish. WAA intramural basketball league.;were successful in gaining their first
ers seen on the Page Han court in t WWW: 83’. in contests With RPIS Prospects that tomorrow night’s tilt Commuters B held the short end of victory of the season. defeating
many a day. Fighting all the way eams,t e program will be reversed. wrm Slena win be more than gm the 14-12 score, deciding the victor Dorm C by the slight margin of two
the Pedagogues managed to snatch' .Play ill/em _0n ﬁeslﬁte intelllll3~ ordinary game have been consider- In the weekly contests which beg’an‘points. Moreland Hall fell before
a 63_62 victory from St. Michael's tionls3 th 5 past wee , in an effort to {1ny helgntened now that the locals last December. iCooper House to the tune of 14-4.
College of Winooski Park Vermont Esta llsh a Second place leplesentﬁ- have a Victory under their belts— The leading contender for a first- The final game of the night and
m a five-minute overtimevperiod v 1tive‘for tilie Iputside clashes. KDR: and Siena hasn't exactly lived up to place my Dorm A! was unfortunately of the season gave victory to Dorm

Despite the fact that the Vlsngors (51:13:05 alt Otute (gagﬁélurglgsfle 133$ most scribes’ expectations this the victim of a nusundel-StamungIIA over Western Hall with a score of
got off to an early lead, the States- day nigght in a rough [fame season. and Showed Up for their game With ‘26-8' This laSt game was played in
men remained undaunted and knot_ ' Incidentally. aside from the ad- Junipers forty-five minutes 1ate.’hUShed silence in deference to the
ted the count ten times. Bmuner College [louse wins mission, it Will require no great ef— Their tardiness resulted in a forfeit Gram W00d 190mm g'Oillg' on over-
Ellerin, and Bora split scoring hon-P Monday's games also saw College [0,” for State fans to see the Emmi t0 thelr rivals. head.
ors with 21. 14 and 10 respectively House come through in the fourth “5.1300”?! to be I’mye‘l at HaCkett The Same night: FGbl'ual'y 19‘ saWI Tomorrow 110011 ("13min El‘

' ' JUDIOI‘ High 5011001. a mere Stellla tallSt.Agnes Alumnae team wreaK‘Grounds plans to talk;  groubluzlsgf

to lead the State attack in brilliant quarter 311d Win OVBI' Kappa n. u st t . -
fasmon. Gum”, Pequmot’ and Linne_ Beta 20_9_ Though Still albconquer. om 10 a e campus, on the corn- ; havoc over a. State. team which  lected from the 109 girls who turned
failed to coordinate Since they had‘out for basketball, to Skidmore for

nan hooped 17, 16, and 13_ respec- ing, the league leaders remain un- el' 0f Demwm‘e and Myrtle. l
tively, to chalk up the leading Ver- impressive with the exception of, never 1) ayed as a unit before. .a playday.
mom, tallies_ these torrid last period spurts. ForIGrads Take N°le 

,butcs with numerous colleges int
Ithul vicinity. The State debaters:

 

 l[)(§l‘t‘,l]SC Keynotes CUITCIHVC I tion of the American Association of

‘School Administrators in Atlantic

1 v- . -- w ' . . I , .  .~,,, ,. .. .___,,", 
Inﬁl‘lllg  .l-llll.) “Ill Dulldllclecpluul . h" “mlty PM.“ @to people too helpless to be inovchClW-
lcundulln ﬁcslﬁflll O ., HHS/(.1 .(lllltl—, SUM“: “Id-V“ 10“ “1‘?” College IO or doing anything else you re order-lum. Duh, To warn
fumJ‘flm “Ilffll' JQSLPH FUN“ é'll'it in with national defense, Alllt‘l'l-‘cd to In mp end. You mjgm we“: ‘ . ' V I ‘
WWW” Hm” P““""Ow' 4" mid can deans from nearly every state he map lmiénncc {mm he”). Oncl ’lhe Governors statement in full
IWllllv'nlm G- Hillidl'. Illblrl'UCI'm' “l were advised in convention last week pmmnw‘qn American Citizen at ‘ was as follows:
English and varsity debate coach. in Almmic cm. W “sit Light;- Hm'lﬂwduld mummy I)“ more; uh; “I feel that the greatest service
‘Quecns Debate [First With hundrcds 01' CO-lJl'Ol‘C-SSIOH' Spunsibnm- man 13.105511“; [0 {110,that young people can immediately
Two of the debaters will uphold “1.5" MISS 51"” To" Dummy” Deli" British now. ll‘Cll‘lL‘l' L? I0 leﬂkCll POOP}? lo the

. .  ~ the negative in a debate with!“ womml' “Cum I4“"",““‘w,m' 0”" U.“ , mm”, thought I carried critical situation which confronts us.
the funds contributed by Mihlxillllﬂt , , C “m . B. H, culls- udnni thcrc was little lor most , '15! “v - I H . ,, . ,1 , L,I feel that there is still not enough
Alumni. Student Association, the flirts“; V  1‘}; [low M1 T?!“ Civilians m (1,, “mm. the (IN-mm. away lioni'tlie Cplgt/llll.l(|lll.\K£1rlll\\ nt-‘Iupmvcimion of the danger which
Alumni Association. and the \':lr—, V lullfli‘w 1'  1  ,t‘u  [1} program at this lilnc. inventories of PM” 1:1“‘l\1“"‘) 0'1 “0 If]? (H ,ubdldictutorship imposes on democracy.
10”“ “11155” i” “1‘ “H0” I“ “ll-5'“ “‘0 In“. [10, Ni-I-E'T-Ilslnphll(Kfl. .11?) III.- I the facilities and abilities of tlicl‘l“ I‘ll”? l"”‘f’“.“"yl‘l_“,‘ I. 1,0 (of, 'Illlnch've seen abroad one free country
$1640 “(TVS-“1113' U) (“OllllJICM‘lb’ {lll'll'gfﬁlloztiglj M 0 mm H “mm [ ‘llpcoplc in tlic connnunity are theiiﬂrggﬁl .-l01l\)&‘i£1BgﬁﬁmwiliﬁlL M latter another enslaved or destroyed
isli tllc lounm of Alumni Rcsiccncc ' - , , , l .» . ' .  _- g m.-.  I ~ -- ‘ ~ H ' v .   . ' ' . - . I -...
Hall N". 3' “l: 4‘ 'llt‘lllol’l‘ll ['0 the Intel A debate mm Rl‘lp’l‘m .Umvm'sny  01 mm “(Mlblcy She "We can hardly bc concerned 110W . lllitlhilllllflllllrll's babel} llleillllel'czchl‘cl';
Prcsidcnt Dr. Abram Royer Bru-Ihas PW” “('llPdlll‘f’d 1.01' Friday A- M-l Agkm hm. wmimems on am to about the foreign policies of Elizzx-Idaniww 0“ this continan If
bnchcr. This residence hall. which is I 0“ [the (“WWW RO-‘Ol‘ml; that “‘CIBl,it‘,lm M“; DC, “10;, (,xchimcd , bethun or Victorian England. It’s the ‘ England should fun we would be
now under construction, is the see-'P‘m” 0' “‘0 loam“ gowmmem bl" ' ' " 4‘ ' ‘ ‘ ‘Brilishcrs of 1941 who are being

. . . . . - . . u v. . ' . . - under the greatest kind of danger

, . - -. ., . . . mcrc-iscd.‘ In the discussion 01 this WWIUIU' “5 ﬁOlllClmw-S 3, hum“ . - v. . . . , , , - ’

{mil 1:111:2(13118211121 184131112350;(“Imam state will uphold the at; temptation to leave onc's Job andl’mnb“1 3”" “midtltd CVGIY (lay-Iboth military and economic. Stu-
ios , '_"tl. ' k: i - * ’ ‘ '

, . .  Thcv‘re the ones whose civilization. 1 L. . ., L1 -. [.11 t _

. I  ' , -' ' - n . -_|ll('l) with the renl wmk they re d0~ - ,, , M011 5 01111 RIOUbL “311 L 0W 5 U

(‘I'ﬂlllfd by 101'11'101‘ D0011 Alma 13-32123:qu posmon' RULPC” mt “Cg mg} in England. ‘ ,we want to savc. she Observed. ‘(lt‘llIS and their community to this
Pierce. t ~ .

Profits Go To Memorial
The funds raised will bc added to‘

 

 

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP. DIAL 5-1913

--w1,,.n 0m. Fwy/Cg no“. (lemma Mcmbers of the science faculty danger. They can do much to make

 

 

the Central Avenue club it was the Over 200 invitations were sent out.
first start since the loss of “Square” this week under Jim Chapell's direc-
I
Frosh Will Play
8' d D II."
lena an e I

Carney, captain and two-year all- tion for MAA's annual Alumni Day.
The fresh will complete their in-

tercollegiate basketball schedule this
coming week. They will play the
Siena fresh in the Hackett Junior
High gym tomorrow night at 7:30
and will play Delhi Tuesday after-
noon on the Page court.

The Siena frosh have too much
height and too much natural ability
to allow the Yellow Devils much of
a showing. A great blow to the
team‘s hopes is the loss of Bill For-
rest. who suffered a leg injury in

who has tonsilitis.

The fresh. playing their final
game on their home court. will havo
a good chance of defeating Delhi.
In the single game the '44ers have
played with Delhi, the Aggies won
by nine points—but outscored the
Yellow Devils by only one point in
the last three quarters of play.

The game with the Union frosh
was played last Saturday night on
the Union court. Union handed the
frosh their eighth consecutive loss
by a score of 40 to 21.

This game was merely added evi—
dence of the freshmen‘s inability to
“get going." The fresh discarded
their zone defense and played man-
to-man, but this did not help. Un-
ion took the load from the starting
whistle and continued to add to
this lead all during the game.

 

Eat at John’s Lunch

DINNERB 25C AND UP
DELICIOUS SANDWICHES
AND BUNDAEB

7:30 A. M. TO 11:00 P. M.
OPPOSITE THE HIGH SCHOOL

 

 

 

 

intramural player. who has dropped scheduled this
out of school. The Gophers and SLS, week from tomorrow. The policy of :
clashed in the third contest with holding an annual get-togetherlday
Harry Jordan‘s last minute basket for

male grads was instituted in

winning for the latter. The score-1939. when Mike Walko headed the

was 25-24.

I ____

Chessmen Plan Busy

Semester's Schedule

I

committee in charge.

Center of activities will be Page.
Hall Gym, where the grads will as-I
semblc at two o‘clock for an after-I
noon of whatever they choose to do: .
ping-pong. basketball, talk, etc., etc.‘
Chow, in the form of a buffet sup-

The annual mid—winter lull hasl’crv “'i” be dealt out In due time.

I
:makc it practically impossible for
Ithc team to travel.
for the latter part of this semester.

CCNY and Cooper Union have
agreed to journey upstate and meet
our pawn pushers here in Albany.
.Also. a trip to New England. where
the statesmen are to match pawns
with Yale and Harvard, is defin-
itely set for the latter part of
March. Then, too, a second round
has been added to the Upper Hud-
son Valley Chess League. and this is
expected to begin in the very near
future. Finally, there is a trip plan-
ned to West Point.

I.’ UUIHI tillllll

 

Howevei',,siiice this
the Union game. and Red Evans matches are now being arrangedlgame has been especially arranged

Ito fall on Alumni Day.
ltbc grads have witnessed the RPI-
JState
wound up our home season.

wrap, up on the Chess team-S mterwfollowlng which the whole visiting
collegiate schedule. Wintry weathcrﬁmnp WI“ 130 Quests ﬁt the varsity-
and hazardous highway conditionsalumni game

Chapcll urges all grads to come.,
year's varsity-alumnil

Previously
which

game traditionally

 

C. P. LOWERY

WATCHMAKER
AND JEWELER

239 CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY. N. Y.

 

I

 

 

FOR STATE COLLEGE BOWLERS

IMCE
ALLEYS

WESTERN AND QUAIL

15c BOWLING

FROM 9:00 A. M. TD 6:00 P. M.

BOULEVARD CAFETERIA
TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

DIAL 8-9038

Else’s Hair Dressing
HAIR BTYLIST

You ’11 find
At the

ANNEX

LICENSED ZOTOS snap
805 MADISON AVE. ALBANY. N.Y.

 

 

TRADE AT
YOUR
COLLEGE

HABERDASHER 
SNAPPYI‘SE’S

SPRING STYLES
MANHATTAN SHIRTS
ADAM HATS

Nothing Else So Good
Is So Good For You

“7 S. PEARL 221 CENTRAL AVE. .__. .——.-—.—. ——._. -—

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

""7""“""'FW V “bwmrmwus—A

 

 

 

 

 

year for March 8, a ‘

Dramatics and Arts
To Present Ballet

Grace and Kurt Grail Troupe
To Appear in Page March 18

For its annual spring presenta—
tion Drunmtics and Arts Associa—
tion will bring to State College the
Grnff Bullet. featuring Grace and
Kurt Gruff. The performance is set
for Tucsduy. March 18. in ’ugc Hall
ill 8:15 P. M.

The bullet, composed of a new
American company of young men
and women dancers present a
unique program, They haw. been
huilcd on their first American
tour for the freshness and origin-
ality of their dunccs.

The company is on'cctcd by Kurt
and Grace (irul'l'. intcrmttlomtlly
fmnous dancers. The Ciraffs have
nddcd u compelling scnsc of the
theatre and brilliuncy of movement
lo the more conventional |.allct
Mylc, 'l‘licir bullcls make a signifi—
cunt connncnt on the world today,
and wlu-n portraying a pcriod of the
punt. it Is donc from the modern
point of \‘icw.

'l‘lic program will include a wide
vzu'lcly o1 sublccls. ranging lrom
mellow and abstract musical
lbcmcs lo duncc-drulnu.

’l‘ickcls lmvc bccn placed on sub:
in the lowcr corridor of llrnpcr
llull. Spcciul rcscrvcd seats are
$1.35 and general admission is
$1.10, tax included. All students
holding student tux tickets are ask—
ed to cxclmngc their tax cards for
tickets as soon as possible.

To Present Moch Debate 
I

The squad will continue its sei'-;Lcms and ambulnnccsl who” one sonul data for the National Rc—‘wluch
les 01‘ 1991111“ “ml mO‘ll‘I debutesllhlllks of shell-shocked rcl'ugccs be-
from one

before various clubs and organiz.~l

a to

lug herded regularly

,sourccs Planning Board.
The information, amounting to at

1‘. [he Brimh new mom“, cum were asked recently to supply per- people realize that our liberties,

are taken too much for
granted, are not ours, just because
they are ours. To retain them we

tions in the vicinity of Albany, whcn momm- Of ,1 city [0 {mother “1191-. complete census of scientists in the 3 must lllﬂkc sacrifices. I do not think
‘l'Ollr mt‘mbtll's Of 1110 Squad willHn-m-y ﬂqu'njd' 1L takes a I],on (impcmmtry. will be filed as the Nationnl| there IS ﬁllylllmg Particular that
speak on the subject of housing be-,0f 5(il1'_(;011l,v01 not 10 whim“... jm- ‘ Roster of Scientifi: and Specialized

,fore the youth group of the Jewish‘
IComnnmity Center on Sundayd
{March 16. I
l Debate Council has also scheduled
lsevcrul home debates. which will be,

[held in the near future. Hamilton dump London fogs, bringing food,I

College will be State's opponent. in,
a debate to be llt‘l(l Friday, March;
l4. at 8:30 P. M. in the Loungc, on,
libc question, “Resolved: that frcc—I
;dom of spcccli be denied to all those
Inutionulitics in thc United Stutcs
Iwhosc countries at prcscnt also dcnyI
llllul right."

IState Grads to Address i
KPK at Wednesday Meet ,

I

Kappa Phi Kappa will be ad-
drcsscd by mcn in the teaching
ficld on "Wlml. tbc Principals
Want" at lbc int-cling to be licldI
chncsduy, c l'. M.. in the Lounch
according to (.‘lnu‘lcs Quinn, '41.:
prcsldcnt.

Quinn states that uli llic tcucli—I
crs who will spcuk at the mccting‘
will be State College graduates lromi
Ifu-igllborlug vlclniiics. ‘

“The purpose of the meeting will,
bc lo give the seniors and gruduau:
students in Kappa Phi Kappa
practical glance at what they will
have to face from men who have
gone. through the mill." Quinn went
on to urge all members to attend
llle meeting.

 

mediatcly for scl‘vlcc in England.
“But actually how foolish that
would bc. You might exchange 21
job in Albany for the cxcitcmcnt of
carccninc, nrolllld holcy streets in

 

‘Slrrloslmm’ Will Fem
(.‘ubs (ll (lot-Together

’l‘bc Stu/Ismail is prcsenting n
act-together for its tryouts
Thursday night in the Lounge
under the cliairnmnship of Den-
nis l-Iummn, '41. with Louis C.
.loncs nud l)r, Shields lvlclllwninc
as faculty guests.

"The objccl of thc I‘lcctiug.”
snid lllunclic Klrslicnblum, b’lutcs-
nmn editor, "is to make those who
arc trying to corn places on the
stuff cognizant of the difficulties
lnvolvcd in pulling out a magn-
xinc. All the members of the stuff
and board are to attend as \Vcll
us the ncophylcs."

“'l‘lic lilccting will slur! at 7:15
P. M.", snld llunnun. "Comer-.11:-
l'rcsluncnts will bc scincd.”

 

To Question Housing Expert

Hobcrt lieifcls. '42, and Bryant
'l‘uylor, ‘-l:i, will supcrvlsc u conunit-
lcc cross-(1ucstionlng of Mrs. Wil-
liam Kirk, local housing expert,
'I‘ucsduy in room 202, 3:30 p. m. At
the some time, Forum of Politics will
meet in 206.

Personnel under the defense pro-

l,‘ I'll ill,

'Advanced Dramatics 
To Give Final Plays

I

Comedy, Fantasy March 11 I

I
I
I Servatius, VassiIIiw to Direct I
I

The Just two productions of this

semester’s series of one-act plast
‘will be presented by the Advancech
IDrmnutics class ’l‘ucsdny evening inI
-llic auditorium of Page Hall at. 11:15,
‘P. M. These t.Wo plays will conclude
,months of work on the part of
,mcmbcrs of the class. At present,
Iplnns are bring made for the an-
luuul spring pluy.
. 'l‘lic first production, directed by
Lulll'cllu Sci-vulius, ‘42, is un Eng-I
‘llsll comedy by Lord Dunsme
in which the characters are com
rfrontcd by many complicated situa-
tions. includcd in the cast ul‘e
Douglas llillcnbcck. ’rll. lilllcn Swar-
,lhoul, '43. Paul llursclou, llcrt Kllcy,l
ltobcrt Loiicks, and .luck Vosc, frcsh- I
.mcn.

'l‘liomus Vussilliw, '-ll, dircctor:
of the second play, will present a
fantastic onc—nclcr, also by a noted
British playwright. Tho churnetcrsl
will be portrayed by Frank Cassidy
and Louis Fink. seniors, Hurry Jor—
dun. ’42, Arthur Soderlind, Bert
Kiley, and Robert Loucks, freshmen.

, suffered

any group can do as a group, but
students can do a great deal as in—
dividuals, such as Red Cross work,
aid for countries abroad that have
from aggression—England,
Greece, China, Finland.

State Can Cooperati-

Recently returned from u conven-
tion of the American Association of
School Administrators. Dr. Nelson
has advanced his ideas on how State
College students can best cooper-
atc at this time in the national
plans for the defense of the United
States.

tt'nltlillm'd on [mg/c .l, column .tt

Newmanites Schedule
Quiz, Annual Dance

"Information. l’lcusc” is the theme

of the next Ncwmnn Club meeting

according to Ii‘rcdcrick Ferris. ’42,
prcsidcnt. 'l‘lic mcctlng will begin
ut 7:30 i". M. on 'l‘hursday, March
13. with bcncdiclion, t‘olloWed by a
short business session.

li'crris also revealed the appoint-
mcnt of James Portlcy. ’43, to New-
nnm Club Council as chairman of
the Mcmbcrsblp Committee.

The nllnuul “Harps’ Riot", spon-
sorcd by Ncwmun Club, will be held
Friday. March 14, in the Commons
according to Kathleen Martin, ’43.

Bill Grnttan and his orchestra
will be featured for the price of fif-
ty-fivc cents per couple.

 

