 
    
  
   
  
    
       
   
  
  

  
  
     
    
 

 

 

i
,‘1

u  -—.=‘IM')I:

 

 

 

 

 

COLLEGE NEWS til:
Established Mey,1916 - r
, 39 the cm. at 1910,

Friday, MIII‘CII 21, um? ' No. 20

. p Member . Distrlbu or
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-

lege for ' cachet-s published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.

Telephones: Office, 5-0373; Murray, 2-0888; Clurlr,‘t-0373
Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., pesto/lice.

 

IIPIIIINTID '0. NATIONAL ADVIITIIINO IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
Callus Publish" Represenuliw
420 MADIION AVl. NEW YORK. N. Y.
CIIICMO ‘ IOIVOI 0 MI RIIILII ‘ BAR FIARCIICO

The News Board
JOHN A. MURRAY _ .. _ .. EDITOR-IN-cHIEr
BEATRICE A. DOWER .. _ _ CO-MANAGING EDITOR
STEPHEN A. KUSAK _ _ _ CO-MANAGING EDITOR
RALPH CLARK _ _ _ _ BUSINESS MANAGER
IETTY PARROTT _ _ _ .. ADVERTISING MANAGER
JAMES MALONEY - _ _ _ _ SPORTS EDITOR
WILLIAM DORRANCE _ _ _ - AssoctATE EDITOR
EDWIN HOLSTEIN .. _ _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
HARRY PASSOW _ _ _ _ - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

«emit»:
All communion:Ions should be ttddressetl to the editor llllil

must he signed. .\‘nmes will be withheld ttpon re nest.
'l'he STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsiilllty

 

 

 

 

   

STATE COLLEGE news.

is; ‘

 

 

for opinions expressed in its columns or communlcntions.
us such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

I I
Typographtc Sanity (No. 2)
lie not the first by whom the new I» trim]
.\'or yet “It' lust to [ﬂy the old llﬁltli‘.
-Popc, "An Essay on Criticism"

Today's issue of the STATE COLLEGE N Ews is
an experiment. It is also in certain respects a
compromise. It is a compromise between stream-
lining gone berserk and conventitmalism to an
extreme.

The essential aim of modern typography is sim—
plicity. This issue is far removed from being any
realization of that aim. Nevertheless. it is a start.
And it is an attempt to make your NEWS physically;
more attractive and to make its reading “easier on
the eyes." Subsequent issues will see this typo-
graphy —~ already the result of long planning —
subjected to extensive modifications. The “golden
mean”~—the “best” setup~~it is hoped will emerge
from this semester of experimentation.

“Conservative-Liberal” is the most appropriate

  university— ,

4 , DURING THEIR ENTIRE FIRST
(Icky; YEAR!

FRIDAY, MARCH 21, 1941

  

_ _ -._
-

   

- AND ON THE LEFI' IS A *i
PAINTINe OF THE cor THE STATE

KULTY

S'IUD . IT CONSISTS EN'

TlRELY OFA BOARD OF REGENIS

WW) ADMINISTER THE STATES
EDUCATIONAL SYSTEM!

 

 

   
 
 
 
  
  

FRESHMEN AT THE UNIVERSITY
or HOLLAND ARE REQUIRED
To HAVE THEIR HEADS SHAVED

TO A HIGH POLISH, AND ARE NOI

PERMITTED TO USE THE DOORS IN

ENTERING CAMPUS BUILDINGS

    

  

 BUCKSHOT' '

A #500 SCHOLARSHIP

OFFERED BY HAMILTON

, COLLEGE IS OPEN TO

' I ALL MEN IN AMERICA BY THE
' NAME or LEAVENWORTH/

     
 
   
   

 

No Time on Our Hands

Communication

 

To the Editor of the STATE COL-.
LEGE NEWS:

Budget slashing and budget mak-
ing have long occupied the minds
of State: but money has always
been the subjcc. for consideration;
My comments will have to do with
budgeting also. but that which I
would like to save is time.

For the most part assembly an—j
nouncements are boring! This is,
not the worst fault of these “Friday,
proclamations"—I will explain. On

classification for this typographic departure. Criti- Friday, March 7. some thirteen an-.

cism—both constructive and dcstructivc—-will be
welcomed.
s t« a It I:

When the above editorial appeared in the Septem-
ber 20, 1940 issue of this newspaper, it was not
introducing a typography designed with a favorable
press association rating in view. It was introducing
a typography designed for you. Nevertheless, it is
with justifiable pride that the NEWS Board regards
the [first Prize rating for typography granted it last
week by the Columbia Scholastic Press Association
in its Third Annual Typographic Competition. Not
that such recognition will call a halt to the experi-
mentation that has characterized our twenty-fifth
year. Last week’s issue should have proved that!

Headlines in the NEWS

Headlines have a three-fold function: they ad-
vertise the story, summarize the news, and beautify
the page. The well-written headline is an advertise-
ment for its story. A headline which does not
arouse interest at first glance defeats its purpose.
"A perfunctory, careless, or sloppily written headline
means no sale to the reader; an attcntion-compclling,
curiosity—arousing headliIIc means dividends in read-
cr interest."

Words are at a premium in the narrow confines
of a two-inch column. Headlines, if they be the end
product of precise consideration, must contain really
inclining/Ill words in each deck. Thus reference to
administrative officers, faculty members, students,
and others by last names is indicative of no lack of
respect. If it were, the painstaking exactions of
the .\'I~:\\'s stylcsht‘ct Would be superfluous. It may
be “Stewart” in the headline Wlli'l‘t' space counts.
liut it is "lir. Watt Sit-wart, professor of History,"
in the first mention within the context. and either
“Stewart” or "llr. Sit-wart" thereafter. it may be
“ilt'lxtney” in the headline wht'rc succinlncss is
essential. lint it is "Miss Sara Tod Delaney, “Hill
of Women,H in the first mention within the context.
and either “Dean i’)cl.ztncy” or “Miss lit-Laney”
thereafter. Similarly, “lir. lionnal V. Smith” mayj
become “U. V.” just as President Franklin l).t
Roosevelt” becomes “1’. I). R.” in the daily press.
And soon.

“The headline, whatever apologies may be made
for its bad manners and its offences against good
taste, remains one of the clearest illustrations of the
temper of a newspaper.”

 

nouncements were made In assem-.
bly. All of these announcements;
were important—all were things
that the student body should know
about, but they were a wanton
waste of time, Reason? Ten of these
personal messages were giVen frontj
page space in the ST'A'rIi Coma-Ion;

 

 

“What you see on the stage is rc-Vy
flectcd in life" said Charlie Ficld.l
native New Yorker and dear friendt
of both Grace and Kurt Graft. Fieldj
unexpectedly. and to the plcasanti
surprise of the entire troupe, dcclar-j
ed that he couldn’t resist traveling
the 250 miles from Ncwi’anc. Ver-l‘
mont, to see his friends substitute
the State College stage for the wild,
fields of his Vcrmont estate In their:
“design for living" program, initiated
by the Grails approximately four,
years ago. Grace. a native of Chico-g
go, and Kurt. one of the greatest
dancers of Europe. have selecch
their troupe very carefully from
the most promising young dancers
in the Federal Theatre Movement
lll Chicago.

Each twist of the wrist and grace-
ful movement of the body is an out-
growth of the months of training
when the entire group of fifteen,
early in May. adjourn to “Charlie's”
estate, their summer workhouso. in
Vermont. Here the principals and
their associates pracLICo pIII'c coop—
crntivc living. They take turns
cleaning and doing k. p. duty, be-
sides spending long hours every day
practicing for their annual trans-
continental tottr which extends from
mid-October to May.

Their performance Tuesday eve-
ning was cIItl'IusiastIcally rcchVcd
by It capacity audience. Though un-
acquainted with bullet technique,
and hence nimble to fully appreciate
the less realistic numbers, the au-
dicncc was nevertheless carried

. happenings.

—-—The Critic

 

away by the beauty of the motion.

 

 

Nl-IWH. Assuming sight lundred stu-
dents were in attendance and that
the ten announcements took a mini-
mum of fifteen minutes. the total
lZ‘IZC wasted was two hundred hours.

The function of the News to my
way of thinking is t) provide stu-
dents with an easily accessible
source of information of college
Duplicate announce-
ments are an encroachment upon
the domain of the News and waste
the time of both the people who
gather the nch anti the people who
read it.

May I suggest that In the future
persons planning to make an-

nouncements that have been written
up in the chm please forget about
them? Let’s save time and boredom
along with money. Student Council
please note.

I'd Rather Read 'Em.

I

 

As the choreographers warmed to
their subject. the slight hesitancy
apparent in the earlier numbers
gave way to a brilliant display of
the. art of which they are truly
capable. Garden Prirly. a brilliant
satire. was exceptionally well per-
formed by the supporting artists. In
Announce, Kurt and Grace Graff
reu'ly showed why they have been
:allcd by other reviewers, two of the
most brilliant dancers performing
on the American stage today.

0th: to Hit; Lil‘llly, one of the two
production numbers on the program,
was the outstanding piece of the
evening. Kurt (.lt'nff's interpreta-
tion of Death was stark realism at.
its most graphic pitch. The dancing
of Dorothy Davies. as tho Daughter
of the Great House, was a splendid
delineation of the woman in whom
the taste for life hits scarcely bccn
Itwnkcncd. The almost lewd wttn-
toncss of (iracc's portrayal of
one whose cnger lovo of life into
been too great was even more
superbly expressed.

Vin/fluff Iii/.3 wns most popularly
received. It. was based ttpon thc
ragtime period and was danced to
the tune of “Dill‘kLUWli Btruttcr’s
“till.” Him/ing It'tll'Hi, the final mun-
hct', failed in some respects to live
up to the expectations we had for it.
This is the most famous number in
the Craft repertory and we found it
well danced but hampered by un-
fortunately poor choreography.

M‘ay we congratulate D 8: A on an
excellent presentation well worth
the effort and the money expended.

Look, Think, 
i The Contaminant——

To us at State College, as to everyone else. there are
some things that are unavoidable. One of these things
is taxation. Unless we choose to live entirely apart
from any sort of allied-curricular activity, we must
pay for it in the form of a. blanket tax—the well-
known student tax. *

There is no doubt that taxing the student body to
provide funds for our activities is a wise and neces-
sary move. The point that is always open to discus-
sion, however, is how much money to collect and
how to expend that money to get the most benefit
out of it.

Such a controversy faces the State College Student
Association. For many years, a student tax has been
collected, a budget has been planned, appropriations
have been made—and, invariably. the collections have
fallen short of expectations. Every year, almost with-
out fail, organizations are forced to take a cut in
their appropriations.

This year, the budget problem has become even
more acute than usual. Registration at State has

been constantly dropping. According to
Registration all estimates, a collection of not more
Constantly than $10,000 can be expected for next
Declining year. The budget this year was $12,987.60.

It is obvious that a cut of almost three
.housand dollars must be made.

Several courses are open to the budget planners.
Either a little can be taken off each individual appro.
prlation, or some activities can be entirely eliminated.
If it is deemed unwise to make any cuts in the appro-
priations, the individual assessment can be increased
tWO or three dollars. It is this which must be decided.

No matter what is done, no matter which course is
taken, it is the student who either suffers or benefits
through the decision. It is for this reason that an cf~
fort is being made this year to give the students of
the college the fullest opportunity to participate
in the formation of their budget.

Friday, April 4, an open hearing on the budget will
be held in Assembly. At that time the members of

of the student body will be able to

 

Budget criticize to propose, to defend. or to
"caring question. It is theirs to decide which
in April items in the budget are worth retain-

ing, which can be most easily dropped.
which provide the most. good for the greatest number
of people, which provide training that will be most
useful after graduation,——in short, the Student Asso-
ciation is the policy-determining body in this matter.

The changes which are necessary may be more ap-
parent to some ll beers of the association than to
others. It is only i...r that everyone be given an op-
portunity to investigate the finances of Student Asso-
ciation. To give tlltll’l an opportunity to do so, a re-
cord of expenditures and a copy of the tentative
budget will be made available before tine April 4 hear-
ing. In an effort to make budget reductions as fair as
possible this year, Finance Board has asked all organ~
Izations to submit itemized budgets.

No matter what else can be said, there is one
point that deserves all the emphasis that it can be
given—~the fact that the students who
Students draw up their budget are the ones who
Lose in the final analysis have the most to
Most. gain or lose by it. If a budget is passed
which is impossibly high, the organiza-
tions receiving funds from it will be forced to curtail
their program of activities when the inevitable cut
comes. If the tax is raised and not enough people are
able to pay it, again a cut will result. If some padded
buggets are allowed to pass, then other activities will
su er.

The question is being put squarely up to the Student
Association. Both information and the opportunity
for expression is being given it.

Whatever comes of.the budget this year is entirely
up to its members. They must make a decision. Since
they must live by that decision for the next year, it
behooves them to investigate well and think carefully
before making it.

Their financial fate is in their own hands.

The Weekly Bulletin

 

lt.\.\lllIIII}ItH ’I'lIt- pIIIIt-l groups under
The llnIIIIIlt-I's will not he the Ilii'm'ilott ol‘ Heinm lIoiH.
auto to hold their iillllllill 'l‘.'. which will lil't‘n’t'lll Illl-l-

lllllli'l‘ this Saturday. .\I:II'I-h I‘ltssions ol' t'ut'rt'nI topics

'..".1 llt'l'lllltii' of an IIIII'orstII-n lli‘l'tll‘i‘ .\IIIIIIIy :IItIIiotIrt-s,
l‘ll'l‘lllilh‘lillll‘t's. l lIlI|It' this will lIt' assembled in the
will not liii\'l' lIli'llli\'l'llll'l|(’l'll vt-I'I no.It' future.

any party. .Innct Shorts.

Fri-II IIIU’.
t‘ltlof IInnIIII' Mover.
.\II'I‘ l'lXIllIIl’l‘

'l'ln- .\I'I ii i'llINH ol' .\‘IIIIII

I'I't-sltlt-nl.

HtH'IJI. (‘.\l.l'lNlI.\lI
.\ltII'I'lI ‘..‘| Hopltotnoro t-lnsx
pIIrty, t‘oIIInIonH, H l'. .\l.

I‘IIliI-gt- is planning iIII ox . .. w. v .I . ‘

IIIIIII of photography by llii‘ “Tic,” "f... ,“, “Nib. “at

i'ttt'tilly. 'i‘ltt- I-xltlbll is to lll‘ p \I' "A H "\m' ‘

lli‘lll on tin» Ml'f'llllll floor of V '

“mum. “n” H Wm “ml \Ittt't-lI  lx’IIppn lloiltt Ilho

from March Iii until April I. "2‘5 “W l'tli‘ly, llottso,
.\IIy l'ttI'IIIty Illl'llllli’l' lti III “3"” I" “I

I'llt‘tl to h'lllllllll I'llll'lI'H for March L‘l liollgion i‘oIII-

the exhibit Inimion Inwling, llooin 1!,

limit I‘J. "IIII'IIIIIN. 3”" "- “I

.\hhlnililll. Professor of Ar!

.\l:ll'i'l| ill 'l'own llilll lIlI't‘l.‘
.
I'llt)Hl‘l’.‘t"l‘l\’l'i HT'IIINt'Ic 1' A'

lug, lioIItIt L'tl, H

.\t " 1!: l' ' H V ’

,l‘ul‘rlIldlm l;j‘t”l||“;:|‘li 3 lll'lli  Hit 1 tint...

’l'lIIIH-o who lllll'llll to touch “Hm, 3,, \‘Mvmuu t'tut,

ldtysltos. pIIIII-I'nl M'li‘lil'i‘. 01‘ I'l.l.‘v‘«li'ill lllllttjt‘ \‘lt' t-on-
lIIlll Icy lll .\ltIIII- wither first ,-. .-I tum.” 'I ‘III I. \l
or tii‘i'tllltl Iii'llii'nll'l' III-xi , .. ‘ i ,n I. I I. -' A .

.I'I'lll'. u’lll pit-IIHI' I'trpol'I III “Tina,” l:;:.,,lljl:'.l“Hit,thWilli]-

lIll‘ lIl'Iol’t' .\lll‘ll 13, Hill 5‘ I“, II \1 ‘1' ~ '

i'Iu-Ieton A. .\ImWF- .\llll'l'll 2o lI‘oIIt IIIIIII-ing
Armlulnnt I'I'oI’I-wtr IIntl l‘lilhn, Lounge, ilziii) l'. M.

h‘tIporIlnor III Ht'IeIIt'o.
WHIIL’II tHI‘ I’tIiII’I‘IIYIs‘
A roIInd-tnbiv IIIst-Itmtlon

\lIII'I'lI ‘JY .\i.\.\ liIIIIIIIIcI,
’i‘rIIIity .\lt-Iltotllsl I'lplsco—
pni i‘hIII'IIh, II I‘. M.

of l'lttI'I-nt'o l\'. Hlt'oll’n llII— MMM‘ 37"'“"A Mi'iilillis'.
Ion Now, will Introduce the l"'“llii'i'v “iii” l'- M:
geucrnl meeting of the. Non Mill'i'll '17 Music (.‘onncll
Inn of Politics 'I‘ncstlny nt i'l'i'scnin IIMH l'lItnIorc,
:l:.'ttI l'. M. In ltoom £300. l’ittxo ilIIll, AIIIIItorlIIIII,
Franklin Wright, "l2, chulr- “Jim 1'. M.

Illilll oi' the committee will

 

 

 

 

.\llll'l‘ll :37 Chess (ilnh meet.-
ittg, ltootn iltil, 7::i0 l’. M.

colitllll‘l tlto discussion.

 

 

  

PAGE 3' 7‘ 

 

PTEB Releases

Survey Report
Of Employment

Stress Next Year To Be Put On
Students Needing Jobs To
Pay School Expenses

The report of the employment
survey which was released yester-
day by A.‘ Harry Passow, ’42, direc-
tor of the Part Time Employment
Bureau, revealed that not more than
33% of the student body works out-
side of college. According to Passow,
the figure comes as a surprise. Up
to the present time the Bureau has
been working on the assumption
that 50% to 60% of the students
work—a figure obviously too high.

The report was released as the re-
sult of a questionnaire which was
distributed to the student body last
December. With the report was is-
sued thc warning that the results
may not be entirely repressntnthe
since only 644 students, approxi—
mately 60% of the undergraduates
returned questionnaires.

50 Earn All Expenses

Interesting also was the rcvcla
tion that only 50 students reporicd
that they earn all their college ex-
penscs. Many of the students. how-
ever, who are earning a par of their

expenses stated that working was1

essential to their remaining in col—
logo.

"This survey has showed us that
the campus-with need we had been
led to believe existtd is not to be
found at the college. At. thr- same
time it seems that there are some
people on our campus who are in
desperate need of aid." Cara Tod
DcLaney, Dean of Women. com-
mented. adding that. an effort was
being made to utilize the job-find-
ing agencies at the college to aid
those who were in real need of
money instead of the students who
were working merely to earn extra
spending money.

PTEB Change To Come

Passow, who directh the tabula—
Lion of the answers to the question—
naire, stated that in view of the re-
plies, the basis for the operation of
the PTEB next year will have to be
changed, with a greater stress plac—
ed on finding work only for those
students for whom it is a necessity.
The PTEB staff of Ethel Williams.
’41, Pete Fulvio, ‘42, and Harold
Feigenbaum, ‘43. did the tabulating.
“Many times this year students re-
fused to accept jobs which were of-
fered to them because they did not
like the work. and did not need it
badly enough to accept," he said.
“Next year, if plans work out, this
will not happen."

Mention was also made of the
fact that next September an ad-
ded burden will be imposed on the
PTEB because of the possibility that
NYA aid will be reduced.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY} MARCH 21, 1941

 

A. HARRY PASSOW, director of
the Part-time Employment Bureau,
.who yesterday released the results
‘of employment survey questionnaire
jdistributed to the student body last
iDecember. '

i
I

 

l

Do Bell's House
is Most Typical

Pictures and Story of Prolessor's
Home Remodeling Featured
In Nation-wide Magazine

, The home of Dr. Harold A. Do—
Bcll. Assistant Professor of mathe-
matics, was labeled the “Most Typi-
cal Home in the U. S. A." in the
April issue of the "American Home.‘
popular magazine for home-owners.

Dr. and Mrs. DoBcll decided to re-

imodel their Elstnere home last sum-
mer. and kept a pictorial account of
their progress. The “American
Home,” after seeing DoBcll's “be-
fore and after" pictures, asked for
an account of the remodeling, and
cotnbincd the story and th* pictures
lin their articles on the “Most Typi-
cal Home".
, The remodeling was strictly a
‘family project. as Mrs. DoBcll de-
scribes in her interesting article.
“With two architect friends to give
advice. an able carpenter uncle as
boss, and my husband free for the
summer. we started in. Dad, moth-
er. and boys worked in the summer
heat, tearing off stucco and metal
lath.“

The “American Home“ praises the
venture highly. describing it thus:
“Here's one of the most beneficial.
intelligent remodeling we‘ve ever
seen. Carried out at a cost of ap—
proximately $1500, using some old
materials and family labor, it in-
volved few interior changes at all.
But wide bands of wall shingles re-
placing dismal stucco walls, new
shinglc roof. arched Colonial
porches, a new garage, new shut.—
ters, less roof overhang. give dis-
tinction to this Elsmere, N. Y..
home.

 

 

 

ll

 

 

 
  

 

. . stay at the Henry Hudson Hotel. For a week-end,
a vacation or as a permanent residence this popular
club-hotel I: particularly suitable. Its voriec. cultural
activities and recreational facilities provide exercise
for energetic minds and bodies. Six lounges. Five sun
decks. Library. Music studios. 00 foot pool. Full social
programs. POpulcr priced restaurants. Cultural,
shopping and amusement area: all nearby.

SPICIAL SIUDINT AND fACUI-TV RAIIS
Single $2.00 daily, $12.00 weekly
Double $3.50 dolly, $16.00 weekly

1200 ROOMS WITH BATH

 

HGTEL

I” WIII' 51m "III'I‘ 0
John Paul Slack, General Manager
U

In-I—OIICOICIIIII

 

IIEADQUARIIRS
AMERICAN WOMAN'S
ASSOCIATION

 

NIW YORK

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

—— W'Ilk"

l I¢
(Continued from page 1, column 5)
COLLEGE News facts he had not been
prepared to tell the United states
Senate.
How had the war affected British
colleges?
“They're continuing. though I
don’t need to tell you attendance has
dropped considerably. I can't go into
detail, however.”
What would he think of a union
of democracies such as Clarence
Strelt proposed in his sensational
book, Union Now?
“I told Clarence strelt the other
day in New York he should never
have written the book—because he
was entirely right. His ideas are
essentially sound, but he presented
them too suddenly.
“It’s like a man who wants to kiss
a girl. He shouldn't tell her before-
hand, because she’ll immediately
raise artiﬁcial resistance. Just go
ahead.

 

cal ideas all at once, probably with
some unsatisfactory details included,
would naturally raise a storm of
opposition.

“Look at it this way: if the future
were a yardstick. and man's progress
amounted to two inches in my time,
I'd be satisﬁed. International unity
may come, but it's not a question of
months or even a few years."

$1.35

a pair

stockings.

 

 

 

 

I...

“Coming out with startlingly radi- ,
others attended 35 other collegiate

 

F ive-Year Plan; May  .

Death Knoll Of Graduates If

 

 

“The Grads ye have always with
ye." This may be true of the poor.
but in several years it will no lon-
ger be true of State College. The
reason?—the five-year program now
being initiated. Under this new
plan graduate transfers may be
eliminated entirely, and instead our
fifth year students will reap the
benefits of the extra year. The em-
phasis will be placed on State stu-
dents, and transfers will be relegat-
ed to the ranks of those attending
summer school or extension classes.

But who are our Grads? Where do
they hail from? What do they like?
In a poll taken at the recent Grad
semi-formal the News found out.
Become acquainted with them be-
fore the opportunity is lost.

This semester 131 Grads were reg-
istered, approximately half of whom
were graduated from State. The

institutions including Michigan,
Columbia, Cornell. Boston. Harvard.
and Vassar. The majority like State
College mainly because of the
friendly attitude of the people. both
students and professors, and be-
cause at the democratic atmosphere
prevailing in classes and social
events.
I

5-1401

V

 

The follow (along with several
others) deplore our lack of athletics.
The girls deplore our lack of boys.
Both deplore our small campus, our
lack of an orientation program for
graduates, and the need for better
and more equipment.

They are interested in everything,
—even in “How To Win Friends
and Influence People," and "Live
Alone and Like It." Swing music,
symphonic recording, jitterbugging,
sports, and dates are among their
likes, and one Grad even confessed
he was interested in teaching. “It’s
really fun," he replied.

'The majority plan on teaching
after they receive their Masters’ De-
grces. In regard to work at State
they consider it not too hard, but
the amount too great. One Grad
from the University of Toronto re-
plied when questioned, "Why inter-
view me? I don’t know anything. At
Toronto the men had to be in at.
7:30 every night. Result—J didn’t;
learn very much."

Many of the men are expecting to
hear from Uncle Sam, and to don
the uniform. Only about 50% of
those questioned favor aid to Bri-
tain, but all hope she will win in the
unseemly fracus.

We

41 mohair Postal.

lIy HOLEPROOF

l'v

HOSIERY —-— MAIN FLOOR

Exquisite Stockings of Du Ponl Nylon

  
  

'\-....~rr'”

 

,r‘gv
i M ’l

The long wearing quality and almost breathtaking Sheerness
of nylon hosiery achieves perfection in llolept‘oof fine
(ict a pair of liul’ont Nylons today in the ex-
clusive and authoritative hosiery color, Bridge Biege.

MAIL AIIII PIIOIIE ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED

    
   

r)

 

   
      

  

