  

 

 

   

hummus“... y. _,,_._

mm“

.. ...v...:r=u:a.isg:r:

 

 

 

. l
: I
i l
’ l

l

 

  

g
I
l
i

PAGE 4

Men's Banquet to Feature

’ Clair Bee, Famous Mentor

 

Bee's LIUers Ranked Among Nation’s Top Quintets;

1941 Awards Dinner To

Be Held Thursday Night

At 6 o'CIock in Trinity Methodist Church

 

. . , . I l n k
Clair Bee coach of Long Island UniverSity s nationally-famous 40- 41 in the Boo s
Blackbirds will be the principal guest speaker at the annual MAA Not since Steve ngdieésalged 013::
Awards Bdnquet, Thursday, according to Bill Haller, President of the falling 0f 131'00 YD 1‘ 86.

MAA.

 

The banquet will be held in the:

Trinity Methodist Church at the
corner of Lark and Lancaster
streets at 6:00 o’clock.

Van Schultze, ’44, was instrumen-
tal in getting Coach Bee to speak
at the banquet.

Bee's LIU team is probably the
most outstanding metropolitan
quintet, having been in all three
National Writer’s Invitation Tour:
naments. In 1939, they walked off
with the tournament honors after
an undefeated season. This week the
Blackbirds entered their fourth Na-
tional Invitation.

Bee’s outfit holds the record for
the longest undefeated season in
major college basketball—44 consec-
utive wins.

Bee’s Current Team not

The metropolitan boys are amaz-
ing set-shot artists, as well as a
well-drilled, and excellently-coached
club. So far this year they have
won 22 in 24 starts. Their losses
were with Michigan State, 26-31,
and Duquesne, 34-36.

Coach Bee is undoubtedly meticu-
lous in his training. His team prac-
tices all summer at Manhattan
Beach and then takes a trip to
Puerto Rico, presumably astounding
the natives.

This year he has a well-balanced
team. It is composed of “Dead-Eye"
Labello. Schwartz, Cohen, Benders.
and Schectman.

Sports Editors Expected

Jerry Saddlemire, director of pub-
licity for the event, announces that
the various sports editors of sur—
rounding newspapers will be in at-
tendance. Members of the State Col-
lege faculty will also be on hand.
Significant of the interest and ex-
tensive plans for this year’s ban-
quet is the fact that additional ac-
commodations are being secured in
going out of the college to dine.

The church has a capacity of 250 Oksala, KDR 

persons.

Although the price of the dinner Sprowls, BAR .
is slightly increased to 750, due to Bittman. KB 

defense taxes and such, MAA does
not make a profit on the dinner.

 

 

 

A. Flax, KB .................................... ..

Captains Choose
All-Star Teams

Anderson, Quinn, Saddlemire,
Carney, and Sprowls Picked
By, Vote for Star Squad

With the basketball schedule com-
pleted, Intramural Council has an-
nounced the all-star teams as pick-
ed by the captains of each of the
league members.

Each captain submitted a list
containing a first and sccsnd team.
Everyone on the first team was
credited with two points while the
others were given one point. By
this accumulation of points, the five
highest were considered the first
team and the next five as the sec-
ond.

Anderson, Quinn, Carney, Saddle-
mire, and Hprowls were picked as
the members of the first team. Al-
though 110 one person received a un-
animous vote, both Anderson and
Quinn garnered 15 out of a possmle
18 points.

College House. intramural champ,
placed three on the first five. EEP
and BAR were the only other teams
to be represented on the first all-
star team.

Honorable mention in the form of

 

eam gas to ogsaia, Grif-¢State College high individual scorer
SeisiiEcoJIhcl'dhn, NgICCreary. and Pep- recently became the nephew of a
pard. All these contributed consld- certain actress named Glenda Far-

erably to their respective teams.

The complete list of individual way hm “Separate Rooms” Nice

high scorers is as follows:

Anderson, CH ................................ ..
Gowdy. Grads . . . . . . . . . ..
Jordan, SLS ..

 
 
 
  

Carney, CH 

Ellis, EEP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..

Radio Chess Match Halted
When Washington Says No

by Pete Marchetta.
Are there any fifth columnists in
State College? Of course, we know

there aren‘t any, but according to]
proceedings last Friday night, the,
Federal Communication Commis-,
sion would have us believe differ-i

ently.

radio chess match between State
and RPI last week. State was inau-
gurating something new in inter-
collegiate chess, but its efforts were
frustrated when Jim Wahler. licens-

 

Cadets. The State score was 1‘2

It all came out of the proposed.

 

versity of Pennsylvania on Sunday. Oneonm Normal 48m
The contest took place at West Sierra 62 .......... ..State Varsity 27 +31

Point and the Phlladelphians had
just scored a 4-0 victory over the

when the Pcnnsylvanians were
forced to leave in order to make a
train. However, the deciding match

was still going on between Gillan

and Farbei'.
Marshall ’l‘o Decide

In order to decide the winner. tlielm:e in any “'33: hurt; Phil hfﬁlll'cs
‘captain of each team agreed that Ebtéhflttlhe can 13’9"!” UlUL‘blhl'bolﬁ
ed operator, received a letter from by the position of the pawns Gillan L e‘ m“ ‘1“) 01 “8 “‘1 10115 $01)
the FCC forbidding him to set up;

would be in: ultimate winner. Nev-

hls portable station here in Albany.‘crthelcss. Farbcr protested and al-

The idea is to prevent fifth colum-
nists from interfering with our na—
tional defense program.

College Station Planned

though the point and victory had

been given to State, a compromise
step was taken. Both teams agreed
to send the positions to Frank
Marshall. cx—clicss champion of the

The chess team. however, has not i United States for his opinion.

given up the idea of playing chcssi

by radio. In fact, this turn of mis-
fortune sccms to have spurred them

on to greater achievements. An at-i

This weekend the Statesmcn will

encounter the CCNY clicssmcn. In

their previous engagement last Dc-

ccmbcr, the teams tied, 2-2.
tempt is now being made to obtain

a college radio station under the
auspices of the Chess Club. This
station will be located at Brubacli-
cr Hall, and it is expected that, It

may be used by other State stu-‘

dents.

As if one complication wasn’t

enough for a weekend, the ci’iessmen
tangled in a dispute with the Uni-

 

KODAKS CINE KODAKS

Albany Camera Shop, Inc.
204 WASHINGTON AVENUE
ALBANY, N. Y.

PHONE 5-4558

L

 

Honikel's Pharmacy
DISTINCTIVE FOUNTAIN

AND
LUNCHEONETTE SERVICE
157 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

 

OTTO R. MENDE
“The College Jeweler"

103 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

gélwith 57. and Bora with 53.

62 Miracle in Figures

50?.

all 3

sure coueoegusws. FRIDAY, MARCH '21, no

 

Maloney’s
Baloney

 

 

J.R.M.

Seniors Swamp Frock;

, Mysks Schedule ’44

Spurred on by the enthusiastic
cheering section led by Dower,
Walrath and Grattan, the Class
of ’41 Red Raiders swept to an
overwhelming victory over the
hapless Yellow Devils of the
Class of ’44 Wednesday night.
The freshmen have thus kept
their season’s record clean of wins.

The seniors, led by Oksala’s
high scoring of 8 points, amassed
a total of 32 tallies to the meager
15 points which the yearlings

Brooklyn been tendered an honor finally scored. Chubby Quinn
as great as that which the State was the most outstanding man
cagers bestowed upon the town last on the floor,

weekend. Coach Hatfieid’s crew

An outcome of this sensational

selected fair Flatbush as the scene Senior victory was the challeng—
for the windup of the most disas- ing of the Freshman's womens

trous basketball season in years.

team, not by the Senior women,

tli defeat at the hands of but by the MySkania men's team.
Pimtfhthe eteam record for the year The Myskania Muscovites will be
stands at eleven defeats to two vic- coached by Beers. Miller. and
tories. Clarkson and St. Michael's Dower In the necessary ' funda-
were the only outfits to fall to the mentals 0f the Womens rules

 

Purple and Gold assaults.

which will be used.

 

Incidentally, we understand that
a certain quartet of team members

I
somehow got the idea that the Pratt  Tnmmed

game was to be played at Yankee
Stadium. At any rate, they hopped
an uptown subway and pulled into
the Pratt gym scant seconds before
the opening whistle. The rush in
the tube is bewildering, isn't it.

 

appropriate.

By Pratt Squad

Coach G. Elliott Hatfield's varsity
OYS? basketball quintet cleaned up its
With the 1940-'41 cage season in present slate by dropping a rough-

the books. a glance backwards seems ly-played contest to Pratt Institute

on the latter's court last Friday by

 

During the course of the cam- 3 6344 001ml-

pnign, State’s opponents garnered

The game was fast throughout,
645 points, while the locals man- and State held on well at the start.
aged to chalk up 510. A bit of However, Pratt used a quick break
figure juggling reveals that State with great effectiveness and pushed
scored an average of 39.2 points per into the lead. The.Pratters utilized
game to the opponents’ 49.6. Com- their height on pivot shots which

parison with last year’s record shows clicked with depressing accuracy.

that the present team tallied seven

current crop of State enemies.

Every player on the State squad
Points more than its Predecessor. turned in a top performance. Fast
The opposition in 1939-40. however. passwork and good shooting chang.
sank 102 less counters than did the ed the lead nine times in the first
quarter. State's hesitation with what

Hank Brauner cops individual seemed like loose officiating ac-
scoring honors with a total of 112 counted for numerous losses of the

points, By the way, guess what ball.

 

 

 

Bill Dickson ran up 9 points to
lead State, followed by Ellerin and
Brauner with 7 each. Giacono reg-

rell, now appearing in the Broad- istered 16 tallies for Pratt.

 

 

WAA Sponsors
Annual Festival
Special Features, Folk Dancing,

Songs Planned for AIIair
Tomorrow Night in Page

 

The third annual Folk Festival
will take place tomorrow evening in
the Page Hall gym. This all-girl af-
fair will last from 8:00 to 11:00
P. M., under the direction of Vir-
ginia Lay, '42, who has been in
charge of the twenty or more girls
attending folk dancing classes dur-
ing the year.

Special Features Planned

Many special features have been
included on the program; however,
no outside talent will be brought in
as last year. Instead, State students
will put on specialty numbers. Mar-
garet Loughlin. ‘44. will execute a
tap dance. Aim Norberg, ‘41, will
lead a group from Jam's Fenimore
Cooper house in a Swedish dance.

The spectators will turn into par-
ticipants when Virginia Lay leads
the girls in square dancing. Ameri-
can Folk dancing, and the Sicilian
Circle. Miss Lay will be assisted by
Helen Elgin. '44. and Ida Rosen, '43,
who are scheduled to provide the
music for the dancing.

American Folk Songs

Beside the special features and
the dancing, there will be singing
of American folk songs, including
such favorites as “Red River Valley”
and “She’ll Be Comln' Round the
Mountain.”

Committee members who have
been assisting Miss Lay in arrange-
ments for the affair include: Sally
Beard. '42. who will serve free re-
freshments during the evening;
Ruth Rockcastle, ‘42, who has in-
vited many faculty members; and
Kay Peterson, ‘42. who has been in
charge of the splendid publicity for
the event.

Girls should wear cotton dirndls,
bright aprons. or any foreign cos-
tumes which may be available to

add gaycty and color to the occa-
sion.

 

gom’, Hank, on both scores.

The next five high season scorers
are Ellerin with 92 points, Merritt
with 69, Hansen with 60. Dickson

Sports statistician Kaufman re-
cently supplied us with a flock of
omparative scores dedicated to the
majors in rationalization." Phil‘s
aim is to prove the State frosh team
better than the varsity. Here's how
it’s done:

Frosh 28 ...... ..Albany Academy 31 -—3
Albany Academy 53 ...... ..ABC 24 +26
ABC 38 .... ..Albany Pharmacy 40 +24

 

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.

BOULEVARD CAFETERIA

TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

DIAL 5-1913

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

Albniiy Pharmacy 34

 

Oneonta Normal 56 +2
..,Slena 54 -—4

 

The conglomeration above indi-
cates that the winless frosh team b
1 points better than the varsity.
FOr those who want to figure it out:
the numerals in the right hand col-
umn show the frosh superiority

 

 

EMIL J. NAGENGAST

YOUR COLLEGE FLORIST

Corner Ontario at Benson St.

 

or inferiority (in points) to tho

 

teams immediately beside them.
In the event that varsity feelings

teams playing currently in thc
tournaments at Madison. Wise. and

 

DIAL 8-9038

Else's Hair Dressing

HAIR STYLIST

LICENSED ZOTOS SHOP

New York City. I 805 MADISON AVE. ALBANY. N.Y.

 

 

 

I? OUNCE BOIIiE

 

 

MADISON
SHOE REBUILDERS

807 Madison Avenue
You Pick Up Your Phone
We Pick Up Your Shoes
8-2239 8-2230

 

 

MADISON
SWEET SHOP

Home Made Ice Cream
and Lunches

785 Madison Avenue

3 Doors from Quail Street
2-9733 We Deliver

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

lec Nrwcst [furl/ion Trend

for Spring
is Mr“
MANIKIN
SI l.I*l()Ul“.'l"l‘lC
I ,0”

TIM“. SLIM LINES ARE

S MA RTIA’ AT'I'AIN IQD [N

W” .ﬂ .5

SPRING CLOTHES

 

TRADE AT
YOUR
COLLEGE
HABERDASHER

e
MEN’S

NAPP snor

SPRING STYLES
MANHATTAN SHIRTS
ADAM HATS

117 S. PEARL 221 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

with the _ .
further introduction. His playiiig-‘bocmuon'
will be enhanced by the atmospherel
of S()Il'(‘(‘. and the com
vidcd by his youthful opponents.

Gi'ullun‘s orchestra in local rhythm
circles brought him to the attention
of lll(‘ music committee. Com

foi'muucc of file
par with many of the more estab-
lished bands. The drumming of Ed-
(llc Lungwlg (Milne) sets the beat.
wlii'lc Belly Brooks (ViilCGllLll‘tllli
adds :1 ])I(‘l
dcpui'lmcnt.

Cooper To Introdu

 

wiiiiici'

 

 

 

 

 

W} .Lj.

 

 a “Ex-l Ll»)in

 
 
  

 

  
      
 

 
 

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, MARCH 28, 1941 cap.

 

Rhythm Rivals
Provide Music

For Soph Soiree}

 

Mattice Announces $2.20 Bids
For IDouble-Feature' Dance

With Reid and Grattan

 

Featuring two local bands, and
cutting the price of bids to the
minimum. Sophomore Soiree will‘
have the distinction of being the'
first formal dance in the history of;
State College to sponsor a “Battle
of Music." Bob Reid and Bill Grat—i
tan have been signed to play April,l
4 at the Aurunia Club from 10:00

P. M. to 2:00 A. M.

Commenting on the innovation.

Mildred Mattice. ‘43, general chair-
man. stutcs, “State College students
will have a chance to attend u
‘double—fcatui‘c' dance at the lowest
price over for ii major formal,
Everyone can now com: and take
advantage of lllm't' iiiiisir' for your
mom-y."

Contract Cancelled

bids to $2.20. tax incliidcd.

Due to their locul popular stuiid-

Reid and Grafton Popular 

Bob Rcirl lius provcn his good]‘

standing muny times in the past.
His "solid-ti'umpcl.lng".

The meteoric rise to fame of Bill

 

soiiibly is both a business meeting
‘llll(l a speaker. Student Association
Completely exhuusicd by u futile Fromm” Mend“ wnlmm' 41' an—
gﬂme 0‘. "mm, and suck..- wm] the nounccd. The first part of the hour
agent hired to gcl it build for S(lll'(‘0,,’w“] be (lemma to the long {malted
the Sophomore cluss ciiiiccllcd llicll"'l’°”' 0f “‘3 Fresmm“ orientation
Conn-“0L Casting “mm”, m the committee. Wlillc during the last
winds. the committee i'cvivcd un “ll”. “10 Sl-Udellt bOdy Will hear an
earlier suggestion, hiring two cupi- address by the Honorable Theodore _ a s  . _.
tul district builds and lowci'lng tlic Broch. the Mayor of the Norwegian
.city of Narvik, prior to its occupa-  P. f
lllon by the Nazi army last summer. 
ing, Bob Rcld und Bill Gruttanl
were chosen by tho inuslc commit-l
tcc. headed by Howard Lynch,
This unnounccmcnl. in last.
assembly was met with sponluncOUs
iippluusc. Mcri'ill Willi-nth. President;
of the Student. Association, com-
mcndcd the sophomore class on the
action. 7

committee will be presented by Fred
Ferris, ‘41, chairman. Ferris stated
that the group would recommend
establishment of a permanent com—
,mlttee of juniors and seniors to
fun lion fo- th 1 i‘ ' ~ ‘ - s u - ' -~ "

l V C ,  t‘? “tire 5611001 _yea1 cvciungus (.upluin Loi'coi‘uii. Indeed, II was unfortunate that Howard lecent yealbv “05 only as due-“01‘s
ins a COOICliiﬂ ing agency for allivw.’ . ‘ , . but. as chorus members last year
freshman onenmmn activities. In_ . (mum, 41. should liiivc been unable to appear us the (opium, l)llllGardephe has appeared Since his”
chided on the coordinating commit- his part was more than adequately iukcu by Earle Snow, ’44, who

L90 WW1“ be the “V0 dh'iwml's 0f begun learningr his liiics and music tcn o'clock ycsterrluv morning. For MAW-i0 imd PUIICIICC- Dillenbeck.
the freshman camps, the two Jun- ' Pf , J. l . . , - ' - ' Patience and the 1941 omretta to
i . G H t n 1 b ._ .1 pa ()llllti wro ncvci hurl the opportunity to rehearse his role With . . . I

together 01 uce capa is, anc a mem ei ‘ ‘ i . , I , . . 115 credit, claims with Gard-
music of mg b0“ new nozi‘lL-Iill‘ge chosen by the student As. .i full cost. All. .Snow lius (lone a remarkable JOIJ. “18 business and

'43.l
Friday's Y

i
I

petition pm_iliig' will terminate and Brocli will
speak. His talk is scheduled to start
at that time because he will arrive Continually littering,r and laughing. There could have burn more
in Albany at 11:11 A. M. _ 

posed pei'iciices. Last summer, he, as May- State  Debate

of high school students, the per- or of Narvik. saw his city captured
group puts it on a by the Germans, then taken by the
British, only to be abandoned fiii—
ally lo the Nazi forces. Scntcnccdl
twice to death by the Nazis, Broch'
iminug‘ed to escape from Norway to
isunt touch in the vocal l Sweden. He then came to the United
States via Russia and Japan.

ce Measures

 

 

 
   

Freshmen—most of you have .
SOIHE Latin blood, IIRVCII'I} YOU?   
Fiesta, which will take place in     m    H M VIC—“MA 
the Commons, 8:30 till 11:30. .' > ' lD.
g a , - ~- l irectors Show
be furnished by South American
rythm records on the via.

an

VOL. XXV, NO it
Bill Forrest ls sure that you
have, so tonight he is letting you
In keeping with the theme, the
decorations will represent a La-

M ' l T l
usica a ents
It will be u non-date affair
which only frosli may attend. I
. n er ormance

Get On. Your Burro I l
4m uccess ai 3 ma ore;

show it at the Frosli Mexican

tin American cabaret. Music will

High spot. of the evening will be

the special entertainment, con-
sisting of special songs and
dances and a short skit, the plot
of which is to remain a secret.

Mayor of Narvik 
To Speak Today' 

Scheduled for this morning's As—

 

Veteran Players Carry Leads;
MacAIIister and Schlesinger

In First Important Role

Unmistakably stamped with the
ingenuity of its State College impre-
sarios, the HMS Piimforc, 1941 offer-
ing of the State Operatic Society,
last night delighted a near-capacity
audience in Page Hall. Guests clam-
orcd their appreciation with a num-
ber of curtain calls and encores
during the acts. A surprise substi-
tution by co-directors Douglas Dll-
lenbeck and John F. Gardephe,
seniors, saw Freshman Earle Snow in
a leading role as Captain Corcoran,
replacing laryngitls-strlcken Howard
Merriam, '41. Merriam is expected to

appear tonight.

Veteran directors, with last year’s

g S Gilbert & Sullivan Operetta, Pa-

   liciice, to their credit, Gardcplie and
Dillenbeck spent several Weeks shap-

Sings After One Rehearsal 11:5; glgnijiloaucmo“ Which appeared

Active in Music

I ‘ 1 b I 'Both have been closely connected
“lluc to unforlunulc circumstunccs, ILill'It‘ bnow \vill zippcur this With State's music department in

 

i

 

THE FIRST ACT FINALE OF "HMS PINAFORE’I - - - -
as presented in Page Hall Auditorium last night by members of the
State College Operatic Society.

'- I ’Iiofo Iii] [furrows

The report of the Orientation

by Bernard Perlman

freshman year in The Sorcerer,

. eplie the distinction of being two of
gestures wcrc thosc of onc who had gone over the party many times, the few directors who take 1)
At 11:30 A. M., the bllsmess meet- and not those of ii one-(lay umlcrsiudy.

The entire opci'ctta proceeded at a pace which kept the audience,

I art in
their own Operetta as chorus mem-
bers.

Dr. Candlyn provided an unusual
note With his accomplished piano
Odelibcralion and emphasis upon the {1.000111l‘3f11111nenli- Again this Innova-
,di“10gue during. the ﬁrst act. but Lion differed from the custom com-

, ' mon to most riniatcur groups of hav-
iliis haste soon evaporated us the - ‘ ‘

_ ‘ iii i an orchestra and visual " -

cust warmed up to their roles. '8 t L duec

Vermont UDIVCfSIty‘ When Ralph lion.

(Max Reeves, ’42) With the exception of Elinor
first. appeared, there was a nerve,scmesmgel'v '42' Who Fang BUWEI“
wrucking outburst of gasps und sighs will and, Jean MaCAlh‘SLer' '42' 135‘;
from u bevy of Millie High girls. I.“ng SW0.“ qosewlm?’ Who bpm
' . sang impoxtant roles for the first
This should not prevent us. however. time, the other leads in Piiioforc
Tm, University 01- Vennom will 1),. from noting the solid musical merits liuyc liccn prominent in musicals
Sliilc's second opponom in the of his cliui'ucici'izuiion. His siiig'iiig’,i130,1‘91'9- '
lvui'sily (lcbuic squud's spring scho- throughout the owning. was of mil “10.81"‘I‘TUI’II.P°"L“" OfP’.””l.”"‘/’
(IUIC‘ DUDIIIL‘I'S 1'1'0111 the 1W0 COI— improvisational nuiurc well ad was Bunummm 1” lust YUM,“ P“'

 

Brocli will speak on his recent ex-

 

Union of Western Hemisphere
To Be Discussed Saturday

opted l

~ v i l r - . .. A , Ii ‘ili'r', [I]? [it]: w‘ ~ ._ ' r ,.
' “'9” “l” “.19” S‘lluld‘llv Mink“ 39- to the romantic tcndcnclcs of Ralph M‘me “:0 “Hip [13211-131911]incincﬂm’
o I  o    ill 4 P. M. in the Lounge to discuss Rudwa ‘ « s H‘-

by Shirley Sicgel and David Sh;th .._L*._ ___

cnce Olson, '41, in plain clothes

the official Pi Kappa Delta qucs- . ,., , .
‘ Most oi the lcuds wci'c taken by‘eVU-l (Id-k

lion, "Resolved: that the nations of

 

 

Dr. l-Icrinuii Cooper. Assistant pi‘oriilcc are betwi- Lcachm-s and the wostci'ii licniisplicrc form a pcr— lli‘wcolncrs to thc Slulc operatic"V‘TSMII“ S91 "Wigner

ComllllSSlOllt‘l' 01‘ EdUCHUOH- UllSlhiglu-r touching standards. The Five “1mm” “mo” [0" (lemme-H Mime
wcck i'cvculcd llc will shortly intro—
duce u resolution to the Board of
Regents of vital intci'cs
the class of 1942 who must lcuvci
college. for military training.

l

 

.‘Ycui' Plun should be u long step in some mm Mun“ SCUWH' 80mm"
1 m umn 01.1; lliul. (lii'cctioii.

"We don't want rcfornicrs for who will scrvo us chairman of llic “(‘1' Dill'lv “Nil 01' 11 10V0‘SiCk. Slmth"
ILcuchci's: we want. scholars, pcoplc (It‘llillt‘. if“! Ulwll th (“SOUS-51011 {U muidcn.
Dr. Coopcr suid pussuge of the re-.wlio huvc breadth us well as deplli, “1" “l”“"”"" “H” the 0”“"””“”7"
solution would permit such mcn ton-ho hum comm] 01‘ [he basic h)- “‘“'”““”w “lwm'lms'

earn their iiiulcrgruduulc dcgrocs
uccording‘ to pi'cscnl i‘cuulutions for
the foiir-ycur—coursc. providcd they
i'cllii'ii lo collcgc within our ycui"
uftci' discharge from
vice. ’l‘liis includcs
di'uflccs.

“industry iiiusl liicvllu , ,

0W]. warm“,mining M n he himself docs not posscss.
result of [he dciciisc pi'ogi'uiii," Dr.
Coopci' udiiiillcd.

“Mrn will ulu‘uys go where the
liiglicsi sulurlcs i-xlsi, us our exper-
It'lli'i‘ with booming wur—llinc indus-
li'ics pi'ovcd 20 ycui's ugo. Until the
touching profession can offer satis-
factory salui'i’cs to men who seek
careers and support for families.
big business will over~sliutlow teach-
ing."

iforuiullon in their own field as woll r ' ‘ '
. ‘ sclicdulcd scvci'ul (lcbulcs for the . l’h‘li'll’- EIWIIOI' St‘hh‘sln '(‘l'. ’42. Ill ' lc'ids bcio w i r - ).
us i'clulcd subjects. A good tcuchci" ‘ I k L ‘1 ( H dam, tht' No

mllilui'y 561‘. “F’” “1 his iminls only bl” knowinu discussion of llic dci'iiiillon of terms, , . .
mthW andihis subiccl. thoroughly. A man culi’l in ilic following resolution; “Rc-‘Im‘smli A‘lm'ml' and m“. “m WWW”

:gli'c uwuy what he hasn't got; that solvcd.’ That. the discipline of liuylhill 110 15. lJl'OW‘tl H lilllﬂl‘ 0f (‘11-?
my I)“ Hw‘lﬁ,lit)(‘llllllillvlllllllll'iI{l1()\\’ll'(lg(’1lllll hCli‘lll‘l‘S 15 "10"“ minded 1“ m“

"l (lo not say the Fch Your Plan lm'mumms'” ‘
will mukc scholars of our graduuths.
Il mcuiis u combination of students!
who will really coiiccntrulc on WW «~-
sludying uml u l'ucully whose incin-
_‘i_)(-]-5 Wm hp”) [hem use, existing 1'“. of Clicmistry Club, stated that ill] lcnbcck, (lui'dcphc. und Dr. Cuiidlyii
lcilltlcs," L ,1 t H l u N
u -.  ,, , , , , .oppor um y 0 go irougi ic can
I “pglggmgg‘lL332“? York State Food Laboratories in the,
curricular activities. Dr. Cooper cx—

Nevertheless Cooper emphasized plume“ ms “mummy by swung th
the Department of Education com “101‘” Wits no evidence that extra~
templates no change in its teaclic
training policies.

“What the State must strive to

ricuri'icular lifll'l‘vlc‘ipatlon leads to duled. The theme of the trip is
liven-rounded.emotionally-stableper- "How Your State Protects Your
sonalities. Food.”

«mm. who did Omnipdjngly “,9” for Cul'Ol Golden, '41, is familiar to
,‘mvmsmm Josephine (Joan MC- Stutc llS'lllc designer of most of the

outstanding sets of the past three
’or four years. She )lonned and exe-
cutcd, ulmost single-handedly the
Vow“); the role was 93;. sets for last year‘s and this year‘s
“Timely (,mmng.‘ and she came opcreitus, and was instrumental in
singing the two before those. She
has slurred previously in three sing-

imorcs, will uphold the negative . ' H
position for Stulc. Puul Grullun, '41. Al“le 43’ I’m“ WORN “lid 511119:

Tm, “WNW” (Whalers mm, “150‘ lhiougli. Winning lici' iiudlcncc coni—

_, llt“ll‘ future. Lois I'I'llililc 'lllil Mur—l in, in y . - .. .. . ..-. ncwcomcr to Gilbert um Sullivan s
can hold llll‘ coiiiidcncc iuid attcii— ‘ ‘ ‘ I ‘ “lump 1'8 mm Mi" “‘5' n {k L

iuii Sovlk will cluin with lil’I in u‘ .« - . GPOI'HL‘ KHHZ ’43 the l'c'li'soiiiel

hlll’lll' actress. Olson llll(t“ ~ .. . . ‘ ' . ‘ ' y

‘ b l” ‘ 1 l “n “n cliccliVu Dick Dcadcyc ol llie cur-

ircnl production.

Oilicrs in the cost uci'c: Muxson

imnn-ncvineni to llic l'i‘sl of on: rust. 2 ROW”, ’42, Will)“ Ruckstrnw; Earle

world loduv than the culture of llic, ‘Snow ’44 C‘lill'llil Corcoi'an‘ Arthur
- ' , Wllll cvci'v numbcr. the -l ' . ' I ‘ ‘ . ’ ‘ '

h I |l ‘ I ‘ l“Hislllobduy. ~12, Boatswain's Mutc; and

,7 , .\hllllll(( up 111011 and ionic lo lhcii [John (“u-(10mm '4], Carpenter's

. .. wor', cndi' " i  r w - ‘ v -  ' --

Chemms to V’sIt Labs t ‘ iii, tlii (\(llllli, with dil‘llilLO. ’bllO“ li‘illiKHl Howuid M01

_V _ V .i'ousiiig linulc which wus convincing 1111111. ‘41, Who developed a sudden

Slclilicii Godfrcy. ’41, president.lil'oof of the fine work door by 1311- Cd“? 0‘ “Hymn” wedlwmu‘y night"

 

 

members of the club will how an in the Drown-“lion of this Operetta, comic” Announces APPOIntmenls
Spucc limitations allow us only to
3mm Ofﬁce Building next week :menlion George Kunz’s "Dick Deod-
Trips will be limited in size so 01’0" and Cal‘Ol GOIdell'S 0111181118

Student Council last Wednesday
made the following appointments:
Election Conimissiou——Class of

at if there are any who are unu- “Hebe.” We will be sorry to lose '41. Douglas Dillellbeck. Chairman.

. ) _ , . Eleanor Stirling, Steve Paris; Class

Dillenbtck aiii Gaidephc fOi they of 42' Leslie Graves, Margot Darin.

Moving-Up Day Grand Marshalq
Charles Quinn, ’41.

blc to go, further trips will be sche-

liave contributed much to State Col—
lege’s musical memories.

 

p

 

