   
     

  
   
  

    
 

    
    
    
     
     
  
  
     
   
  
  
   
   
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘-:.:='.‘”E’.‘Ef§:b 3;: : wt: 1.“:

 new: .

a. {1.1.

 

I:
g
i
i;
t
5:.
i

y.
i;
ii
.".

   
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS iii:
Established May, 1916
By the Clan of 1910

 

Vol. XXV Friday. February 7, 1041 No. 14
Member Distributor

Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The under rndunte newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege I'or 'lonchers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS lioard for the Student Association.

Telephones: Office, 5-0373; Murray, 2-0888; Clark, 4-0373

Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postoﬂice.

 

IIPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIINO IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publisben Representative
420 MADISON AVI. NEW YORK. N. Y.
cmcsoo ' BOIYOI ‘ LOU AIIILII ‘ SAI FIAICIICO

The News Board
JOHN A. MURRAY .. .. -

BEATRICE A. DOWER - _ _
STEPHEN A. KUSAK _ _ _
RALPH CLARK _ susmEss MANAGER
BETTY PARROTT _ _ _ .. ADVERTISING MANAGER
JAMES MALONEY .. .. - _ _ SPORTS EDITOR
WILLIAM DORRANCE _ - _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
EDWIN HOLSTEIN _ _ .. _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
HARRY PAssow _ _ _ - _ AssochTE EDITOR

 

_ lDlTOR-IN-CHIEF
CO-MANAGING EDITOR
CO-MANAGING EDITOR

 

All communications should be addressed to the cdlIor and
must be si'ncd. Names will be withheld upon request.
The S'i‘A'l‘lii COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns‘ or communlcuilnns.
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

The Rude Awakening

“For I would see the sun rise
Upon the glad New Year.”
—Tennuson

This incident might have occurred in one
of' the great wars which scarred the conti-
nent of Europe many centuries ago. A fierce
battle was raging 'on a cold winter night.
Snarling men clashed with each other, while
the dead and wounded lay helpless 0n the
cold snow beneath them.

Suddenly, above the hue and cry of warfare,
a great light appeared in the East, and a
mighty blast of trumpets resounded above the
battlefield. Men glanced fearfully toward the
East, stared at each other in amazement, and
then hastily crossed themselves. As quickly
as it appeared, the white light vanished, leav-
ing the field in darkness.

A young man, who lay mortally wounded,
gazing in wonder at the strange spectacle,
turned in fear and clutched the garment of
an old warrior standing nearby.

“Father, tell me,” he cried, “What was that
strange light we saw a moment past ?”

The ancient passed a hand over his bleeding
forehead and turned to answer.

“My son,” he replied, “Fear not. The light
we saw yonder was but God’s way of telling us
that the old year has ended. You see, when
the Great Father surveys such a year as this,
full of strife and sorrow, He becomes angry
with the fools He calls His children and warns
us that another year of life is gone—but He
consoles us by saying that we have still
another chance to try again. That, my son,
is the beauty of Life.”

* iii

 

ii! iii

This is perhaps a quaint way of introduc-
ing this editorial, but this brain is weary with
the toil and strife of the past few weeks—
long nights pouring over skimpy notes for an
“easy” course, last-minute reading, the li-
brary, review books, outlines, bull-sessions,
heavy-lidded eyes on the clock ticking loudly:
4 :00 A. M., and fervent vows to change one’s
way next semester. (Remember?)

4‘ 4‘ iii =lI

Like the Chinese, whose New Year began
recently, so the college student enters upon a
new period with second semester. The Chi-
ncsc, too, believe in settling their debts and
promises by the last day of the year. Those
who fall to do so, walk about the streets
carrying red lanterns. The red lantern idea
may be a little awkward for college students,
but some evidence of their procastination and
forgetfulness would be desirable. Better yet,
all of us would do well to pay our debts, carry
out our promises, and start “the new year”
with a clean slate and an eye toward improve-
ment.

Much Ado About Nothing

()nr compatriot publication, the Statesman,
emerged from its hole once again, just four
days after Groundhog Day. It should how:
seen its shadow on the wall and gone back
before it came out.

Retrospect

STATE COLLEGE NEWSEIIIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1941

by Laurcr

 

 

 

 

  

801' T I: IS THE WAY
VWE DID IT ON MYSKANIM'

 

 

 

 

War and Love

471 pp.

 

New York, 191,0, $2.35.

Whatever else can be said of Mr.
Hemingway, even his strongest critic
is forced to admit that he can write
not only a good book, but an excel-
lent one. This fact Mr. Hemingway
has demonstrated at various times in
the past. It remained for his latest
novel, “For Whom the Bell Tolls," to
settle the matter beyond any possi-
ble doubt.

This is the kind of a novel that
one begins and wishes that he could
read through without pausing. What
is even more, it has that rare quality
in a book which makes the reader
come to the last page, turn it over
expecting to find more, and find in—
stead, a tantalizing, incomplete end-
ing.

“For Whom the Bell Tolls" is a
story of Robert Jordan, an Ameri-
can university professor who volun-
teered on the Loyalist side of the
recent Spanish Civil War. It covers
only three days in Jordan's life—
three days after he sets out on
a seemingly impossible mission—the
demolition of a bridge behind the
Fascist lines at the precise moment
that a Loyalist attack is planned to
begin.

It concerns itself mainly with his
efforts to gather together a band of
gucriilas large enough to enable him

 

The Critic.
FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS, by Ernest Hemingway. Scribncr’s,

to accomplish his mission, but, in-
tertwined with this story of violence,
treachery, fighting, and plotting is
another—an idyll of the love of Jor-
dan for a Spanish girl, Maria.

Several things are notable about
“For Whom the Bell Tolls." In it
Hemingway has achieved some of his
best writing. The chapter describing
the annihilation of the band of
El Sordo; the chapter in which
Pilar, wife of the guerilla leader,
tells of the first day of the revolu-
tion in her home town—both are
blood-curdling in their realism. The
action of the final part, the blowing
up of the bridge, sweeps along bril-
liantly. The ending alone makes
reading the entire volume worth-
while.

It is not entirely right that a re-
viewer should rhapsodize about any
book. Something must be wrong with
any volume, and something is wrong
with this one. It has its faults, but
on the whole. “For Whom the Bell
Tolls" is certain to be enjoyed by
any reader. He who reads this novel
may not be able to stand Heming-
way’s politics, may dislike his style,
may object to the book on moral
grounds. but he must admit that. in
the final analysis, it remains excep-
tionally good reading.

(On sale (ll the 00-07).)

 

Something To Chew On

 

   

HE YOUNGES‘T
cougar STUDENT
WAS‘ ll YEARS OLD!

 

 

But then we haven’t read it yeti

APPROXIMATELY 97 %
OFTHE COLLEGE PRES‘
lDENTS HAVE COME FROM

TWO PROFESSION —
TEACHING AND MINISTRY!

CHEWING
CONTEST HELD
AT DE PAUW
UNIVERSITY
WAS WON BY
A STUDENT
WHO CHEWED

IOOGSI'ICKS miggofg‘L/xﬁcaevméire‘rgm
O'BNB'QF PERSONAL FOUL I

 
     

film ' d
I, l ’ / ’
v.{ Q». 

v;

 
 

S‘

     
     

   
 

Foe TWO FULL YEARS
I9I7'-I9Ie NOT A VIRGINle

    
 

 

 

The Sword of Damoclcs—
The Commentstater———

The male element of the graduating class of 1941
is unique in that a greater portion of that group carry
on their persons small white cards bearing, in many
:ases, the inscription, “l-D," indicating that those
possessing such cards will be available for one year
of service in the Army of the United States of America
commencing July 1, 1941.

Since it is impossible for any one person to be in
two places at the same time, it is evident that these
men will be unable to accept teaching positions and
still carry on the active duties of a private in the United
States of America's first peacetime conscription army.
Some 115 State College men carry these white cards
although not all of them are in the Class l-Deferred

group. However, for some time, the thought

Many in of being called by the local board for active

Class l-D duty at any one of the numerous army

Group camps that have mushroomed up through-

, out the country has kept these male stu-

dents in the same state of emotions experienced by one
Damocles some years ago.

The Student Employment Bureau, under the direc-
tion of Mr. Paul G. Bulger. cooperating with Dr. John
M. Sayles, acting president of the college, by calling
a meeting for Thursday afternoon and inviting all male
members of the student body affected by the draft
law, has taken a step in the right direction by explain-
ing the procedure the bureau intends to follow in
aiding those members called for active service. The
bureau has proposed to keep in close touch with the
draftees throughout their year of service so that im-
mediately after their discharge they may be recom-
mended for teaching positions in the schools of the
State of New York. With this proposal, the bureau
has provided the draftees with a steel helmet and
sedative to ward off the blow should the sword of the
aforenamed Damocles fall.

It i IS long been felt that the conscription act
would lead to discrimination against men and event-
ually would cause a decrease in the number of men
engaged in the teaching profession. Such a situation,
it is believed, is certainly not to the best interests of

the teaching profession and would be a
Teaching blow to the progressive steps in education
Careers taken in the last few years. The bureau,
Endangered by its action, has provided to some extent

in aiding these men whose teaching
careers were hitherto endangered.

The second step lies with the principals and hiring
boards of education. Clear-sighted, liberal minded man
who constitute hiring boards have adopted a policy
which is in harmony with the plans of the bureau.
Many of them have openly stated their intentions of
hiring male teachers “as if the draft law had never
been passed." Others, less interested in the progress
of education, have taken the opposite attitude and have
refused to hire men who carry draft numbers. The
first policy shows a keen insightcdness and a sincere
desire to do the utmost to cooperate fully with the
defense program of the United States of America. Such
a policy shows a conscious effort on the part of the
individuals involved to further the progress of edu-
cation.

There is no doubt as to the definite need for a
male element in the teaching profession. The threat
of limiting the number of men that the conscription
act has presented up until now has been eliminated to
a great extent by the proposals of the Student Employ-
ment Bureau which will be explained in detail to the
male students affected by the act. The bureau should
be commended for its action.

The Weekly Bulletin

 

 

 

 

 

STATIC ()I'IAI. 'IGXAMINA- li‘lying limo “my be on
H HON own Ilnn- noons, or during
lho state on. Ilnnllon l'oI' illli' III sIndI-nl‘s' convent

llI|I|II'iI\'lIl of oI I work in .-I..'-.-.

"l'i'iii’ll, Herman, ilullu'n. . .. .

and Spanish will bu given l,‘.,“.'“r".|"'glm [WIT-"HIT, 1'

lli'Xi lv‘ridny III lloom :0 ol' "3 N Hum?!“ 'hv'lw '“i' “m

Richardson linll at l i'. .\l, Till!” q“"””“" “H. [Hum-

’l'lIo examination is upon lo M"

nll soniol's and graduate ,""-“i $‘li'v I'l'l' ill"""ilil"'-"

slum-Ins who have passed "W '""”l”- “W i”""""""-

[he llm'onsnl'y courses and lI‘oI'l'nli Ini'orniulionphone

who wish lo lt'ili'll any of Albany 1i lililii, lilxiJiMl Ask

iln- above languages. for .\ll'. I'I-Inln-I'.
iN’l‘l'lltli‘liA'l‘I'lliNl'l‘i' Juli" -“- 5W0".
(‘UliNi‘IL Acting-l'rosldoni.
’l‘IIcrv will be a Im-oIin ' oi' . .
lnlvrl'rniornliy i'illllll'ilktlll MWIAI‘ (‘u'll‘Nn‘u‘

“mull”. “l 72;“, II. _\I_ I“ i"l'li.T linﬁlii'llnlll:Hlilli-Vs.

noom an of III-mm llnll. “Him” Awar-

(humu “mm”. Feb. 7 linskolbnll; li‘l'ilHll
IINWHWMI l‘ \‘ls. 7iiollbi~ .\wny.

"rm" Io I. H'ilili‘l' i‘llilil"i'lolli,'o

.HH. “Myrrh”!- Hmmn“, l"liunl'o, vllulth', buiilnl‘. .\l.

mnnl linronu has already l'l' “IL 7 uluwml “Ill” .Hlmn

solved i'llllN for summer jobs. Il'mm' I" ('l'lflmu, MIN.”

'l‘bvro nl'o II number or posl .1 “1. “mm” NJ” I: 'u‘

Hum. M mm“ mmm‘luml lw-b..‘s “litilil'lllillllhillli‘Vﬁ.

sniIII‘h-d and olborn‘iso. .\|| .“MWHH “with .

who are lnII-I'osII-d should “mi N H. MM“ ‘."ll‘|““

II|I|I|.\‘ :Il iho I"l‘i'lli us soon I‘m“? \\,M|‘“li’“i N'I‘I'li-I-

:Is possllilo. . ‘ ' W" A
’l‘In- burqu also asks Ibnl I‘M," H. MWHWI' 1“an "I

all sIndI-nls who iIl'l‘ ln l"llll."~' “WI” um“ “Hm

nrgonl hood of jobs for tho .“r' “Um I" ‘ '

m-nwsior mnito lbolr lll‘l'llhl 1M" H “Ewing” Nu" '\'

known iInInodinln-ly. ,l‘”'”'“,"‘ '\,""”' .

Hurry “uhhuw‘ ‘l' i. i." N‘hmll llniilld),
"WNW. l. l|.lllil'i£lli\ti lIiII'IlIdan, H

I” H 1‘ ‘ ‘i‘i. | . I'l'l II}: H II llll'll

l'IIIIli': ll.l\llll\:::l'lli'll\'lt'f‘i is h| “0119;” Will] I’ll Sﬂylr’h‘

. ; V '- ' ' linnlll .‘ii. Illi'lldl'llﬁull, lniii

I‘m |ol ‘lllt'. Tilllt‘nllldll Inny p M

w u no “N n “W i’ubib'u- 1.3.],- I” H H, ,I 1.. ~ -

llulls (il'l'll‘i' ‘ I II I I A,

‘ Ii , I Lounge
till}.l-'.‘....'tliillf""""'”' "I": .5:  “.‘l'l'i
h. i ‘r I" i

.II'EIIIINAll'I‘H‘H (‘IIliIIHl'l ilyill, “H hlnlu‘h ulfllllll'lillﬂ
Word has boon I'm-olvmi ul'h-I‘ ilnmo.

lvbnl IlII-I'o is yol room for u l“i'li. ll liaskolbull: lt‘rosb

low more men who may in. Albany lillalnosx i‘ol-

\\‘lHll lo enroll in lilo lioua- logo l'ngo llnll ilym, 7

solder l'olle-cbnb' lIIslllnlo '. M.

.\‘cromInllcn (‘ourI-n- - Sinio l"ob. l-i llnIn-o: World Sin-

(lvll Aeronautics Adminis- dent Service li‘und, (loin-

irallo‘n. Private Pilot 'l‘ruln» mons. linid l'. M.

ing (.onrso. li‘cb. In Hi mu Lambda

[hilI'iiIIrrI‘ill:i-lititnl (Morse in T‘llgnln "V o" [In nae,
c o'o . ous'o, 8:30 1'. M.

 

sIArE COLLEGE news, mioAr, FEBRUARY 1,1941

 
 

 

Maloney's
Baloney

J.R.M.

HAT THIS department once

forecast as “one of the hottest
cage campaigns in years" has, to all
outward appearances, turned into a
complete rout. for the locals. Since
December 7, the ship of State has
been successfully torpedoed from all
sides, while scoring but a single
direct hit itself, and that against a
relatively weak enemy. Salvage at
this stage seems almost out of the
question.

To refresh memories dulled by the
lapse in hostilities and final exams,
the State basketeers have to date on.
gaged in six contests, five of which
put checks in the lose column. RPI.
Brooklyn Poly, St. Lawrence, Siena,
and Plattsburg make up the list
of successful enemies to the present.
Sole triumph of the Purple and Gold
is the win over Clarkson, which
came somewhat as a surprise after
the discouraging season debut at
RPI. The game scheduled with Pratt

 

 

Basketball Team Resumes
CompetitionLKfter Layoff

Purple and Gold Journey to Hobart for Game Tonight,
Tackle Oswego Normal Away Tomorrow Night;
Coach Hatfield Makes Changes in Squad
After almost a month’s lay off, the State College basketeers will

roll back onto the road tonight and tomorrow night when they visit
the Hobart and Oswego quintets, respectively.

 

condition at the present than at the
corresponding time in previous years
due to his holding practice sessions
through the examination period at
the noon recesses.

Benton Joins Team '

At present Coach is recruiting a
new addition to the roster. He is
Byron Benton. a sophomore hailing
from Amsterdam who towers 6 feet
8 inches above sea level. Although
tall in stature Byron is a little short
in experience, having participach
but little in high school caging. He
has, however, been showing fairly
good co-ordlnation for such a short
work-out period. There is a strong
possibility that he will receive his

 

in mid—January was postponed when
the team was suddenly smitten down
with grippe, flu, and what not. This
tilt will be played in Brooklyn on
March 14.

Simple addition reveals that the
record to date stands five losses to a
single victory. Between now and
March 1. six more intercollegiate
clashes await the Statesmen. includ-
ing the postponed fray with Pratt.
By winning all six, (Hobart, Oswego.
Plattsburg, St. Michael’s, Slena, and
Pratt), the season record can be
hauled above the .500 mark. Such a
feat, however, would obviously de-
mand a tremendous improvement
over the brand of play that has
characterized the half of the seas-

' on already in the books.

We understand that. efforts are
being made to bring about such im-
provements, efforts ranging from a
purge to work on zone defense tac-
tics. It was remarked to us the other
day that State’s most crying need
this year is a stronger defense: that,
offensively. there can be little kick
as to the boys’ abilities. It will be
worth while noting what the zone
will do for the team. By Benton's
addition to the team is also in line
with the new policy mentioned
above.

This week cncl's road trip should
serve to indicate fairly accurately
whether salvage is possible, or
whether State must resiin itself to
one of the poorest cage seasons in
years.

Way back on the Wednesday be-
fore cxams two contests took place.
and as Madalyn Beers announced
in assembly, the Frosh trounced the
Sophomores, thereby garnering three
rivalry points.

In a closer game, Western Hall
eked out a 1’7-14 victory over
Wren Hall. A third game schedulch
for the evening was forfeited to
Cooper House by Newman Hall
which was eliminated from the
league.

Eleanor Grounds. captain. stated
that there will be no more Monday
and Friday practices and that any
girl lacking credit may gain it by
attending the Wednesday night
games.

Dorm C Leads
l-M Basketball

Thanks in n iori’cll. by the Dorm
from C Wednesday night. Dorm B
has taken the loud in llIe WAA in-
tramural basketball league with
three victories and no losses to its
crodil. Dorm A is now in the second
position with two wins and no losses.

The same night .lnnipera fell to

defeat before nn onslaught i'rom‘

Morolnnd Hall and dropped from a
trlplLI lie for first place to ii five-
wuy tic lor third place. The score
for this game was 12 to 4.

Commuters 13 smothered the Com-
muters A, team (henceforth to be
known as “the Hobocs") with a
score of 20 to '7. This third defeat
placed the Hoboes in the collar of
the league.

"Baptism of Fire" tonight. With the
1addition of a new member comes the
loss of a veteran. David Lehman, a
.junior. bids fareWell to State in or-
Ider to go immediately to work in his
,home town at Schenectady. Lehman
was a very cool and reserved player
who had a remarkable eye in
pinches.

Tonight‘s game at 8:30 P. M. will
mark the beginning of hostilities
with the "Swiss" statesmen for the
first time in about five years. At
their last meeting the Orange and
Purple invaders carried away a close
victory over State.

Six llobart Vets

Coach E. B. "Speed" Wilson found
six letterinen on hand to start with,
five of which will be on the floor
at the starting gun tonight. Coach
Wilson ‘5 boys have a height obstacle
to overcome, but are a cool, smooth,
solidly-built bunch of picked ath-
lctes.

The Hobartians have a fairly bal-
anced record so far. They won their
initial contest against Dennison, lost
to Colgate, nosed out Union. and
pulled up short before Rochester‘s
powerful Yellow Jackets. In their
most recent start, Hobart downed
Alfred.

They have also carded games with
Buffalo. Hamilton. and Allegheny.

The veteran starting lineup for
the Genevans will be Captain Hank
Wclker, Ridgefield Park, N. J.'
Clare Popallsky, Kenmore; Duster
Clements. Geneva; Hank Weber,
Kenmore. and Herb Fitch, Geneva.

The Hatfield men who will be
among the first to see action tonight
at Williams Hall are: Brauner, Dick-
son, Merritt, Ellerin. Hansen, and
Benton.

Oswego Saturday

Tomorrow night State will drop
over to Oswego to meet the Normal
School crew. The game will be play-
ed in the Oswego High school since
their gym was among the buildings
,which recently burned. The new
court is a fair-sized arena, and much
better than the old one.

The Oswego lads use a set zone
defense. Their offense is on a basic
“figure i" movement with very little
set shooting. Most of the shooting
is done off balance. pivot. hand
pushes from the corners, and quick
tln'owa while crossing the foul line.
Up to the present their offense has
been more effective when an alloy
was opened up giving them a chance
for sumo quick cutting.

'l‘bclr starting line-up has been
,Cnpiain "Chip" Collcn, of Schoncr~
’Iady at left. forward; "Stub" Dennis.
right forward, Amsterdam; "Holly"
iiiollcnbook, center, Oswego; John
Dolnvl, right guard, Oswego; and
Joe Duhlslon, left guard. of Scldcn.
ll. 1.

Duhlsion and Hollonbrck are over
six foot. For the past few weeks
.Dublston. llcmci, and another play-
er, Slcgcl, have been out practice
leaching, but there is a good chance
of their being on hand for the State
contest

()swcgo was unsuccessful against
St. Bonaventure but. oked out a vic-
tory over Hartwick by one point in

 

 

 

 

 

i

Coach Hatfield’s men are in better '

Chessmen Meet
Colgate Tonight
Victory For State Will Assure

HudsonVallcy Championship,-
Important Trips Planned

 

 

This weekend will find State Col-
lege's chess team swinging back
into action by tackling Colgate in a
match which was originally schedul—
ed for December 13. It was post-
poned then because of the inability
of the opponents to make the trip
at the time.

This encounter with the Red
Raiders will be the last in the Upper
Hudson Valley Chess League for the
Statesman. They have already con-
quered RPI and Union, the only
other league members: therefore a
victory over Colgate would insure
the loop championship for State’s
pawn-pushers. A trophy is to be
awarded to the league champion and
State is a heavy favorite to clinch
the trophy in this contest.

Although the chess team has been
idle in intercollegiate circles since
the Eastern Intercollegiate Tourna—
ment during the Christmas fur-
lough, it has already planned most
of its schedule for this second sem-
ester. Tentative matches have been
arranged with CCNY and Union. The
near future will also find the chess
team travelling to New England
where it will meet Yale, the Big
Three champion, and Harvard. An—
other trip. also being planned, will
send the statesmen to West Point for
a contest with the army cadets.

intramural Loop

Renews Schedule

Scheduled and unscheduled de-
lays which kept thc intramural bas-
ketball program dormant for over a
month are presumably over, as all
teams swung into action this week.
The concluding games of the first
round wore played last night and
next week will see the opening of
the second half—though with noth-
ing more than hopes for its com-
pletion.

Several personnel changes on the
leading clubs give the league race a
changed aspect. Potter Club gained
much by the continued exodus from
the varsity. when Leo Griffin and

Standings Wednesday

Won Lost
7

 

(‘ollcm- Ilouoc . . . . . . .. 0

(irniis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ii I

l'oilt-r (‘lub . . . . . . . . . .. if ‘3

It IIII . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ii :i

Ii.\II . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -l :i

liuppn lioiu . . . . . . . . . . -| :i

IIunIbch-s . . . . . . . . . . . .. '3 ll

SLH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i 7

(ilIDlII'I‘H . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 0 7

 

Gerry Saddlomlre returned to the
Intramural I'nnks. However the same

club lost a starter when an injury“

to Van Ellis put him out of action
for the rest of the your. The Grads

 

Skiing, Tobogganing
Slack Despite Snow

 

Remember those snow storms '
during the exam period? It was
ideal for winter sports, wasn't it?
Well, Dottie Huyck, ski captain.
and Betty Knowlton, captain of
tobogganing, report a deficiency
in the numbers of hale and
hearty souls out for their respec-
tive sports recently.

It seems that the captains have
been keeping the skits and to-
boggans moving all by their lone-
somes practically. Knowlton even
waxed the toboggan, but to no
avail. But the few who did join
them will vouch for the fact that
both sports are enjoyable.

However, weather permitting,
there will be both skiing and to-
bogganning tomorrow from 2:00
to 5:00 P. M. Dottie will meet her
followers at the boathouse in
Washington Park at two. Betty
will be waiting in back of the
Dorm with the toboggan at 2:00
P. M. also.

 

Beers Names Captains

0f Mid-Winter Sports

Madalyn Beers, president of WAA,
announces the opening of mid-win-
ter season and appointments of new
captains. Winter sports will continue
through the new season.

Rose Cachillo and Catherine
Busch will be in charge of volleyball
on Mondays and Fridays at 4:30 in
the Page gym. At the same time
badminton and ping pong will hold
the floor. Susan Wing will supervise
badminton and Ken Carey, with Pat
Latimer‘s assistance, will manage
ping pong.

Virginia Lay and Sylvia Tefft will
direct folk dancing at times to be
announced later. Plans have been
formulated in anticipation of the
annual folk dance festival later in
the season.

Maybe it's only propaganda.
Nevertheless the leading British
chess magazine, Chess, last l.‘0lltll
referred to Steve Shaw. ’41, number
one man on the college chess team,
as the “young American expert,
author of the article, “A State Col-
lege Theorist on the Sicilian and the
Scotch' in this issue.”

Scotch or Sicilian, that's probably
Greek to many. Shaw admits. Desig-
nating opponent styles of chess de-
fenses, the entire article is one of
interest chiefly to enthusiasts be-
cause of its technicalities. As a new
view of the theories on different be-
ginning moves, it earned the praise
of editors who called it stimulating.

Shaw is a comparative newcomer
to the ancient game. He has devoted
himself to it for the past two or
three years. but he can remember
when chess was more popular in the
Commons than bridge.

"Slow it is. I admit," Shaw said.
“but other than that it's fascinating.
When you watch some of the pro-
i'essionals, calmly facing 100 ad-
versaries at a time—it's the truthl
—you get a kick out of the sport."

Shaw, of course. scarcely rates.
He's hardly ever played lnorc than
15 men at a time.

Now top man at State, Shaw's

 

MADISON
SHOE REBUILDERS
807 Madison Avenue
You Pick Up Your Phone

 

suffer severely by the loss of Hatha-
way, Barrett. and Parker, none oi

whom have returned to school. How-’

ovm'. the nucleus of a good team is
still around and the Graduates can—
not be countcd out in their role as
irmIblomakcrs.

In contests last Tuesday KDR
downed a stubborn SLS team 32-20
after a slow start, and BAR had
quite. a little trouble with the sub-
terranean Gophers.

 

OTTO R. MENDE
“The College Jeweler"

103 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

their last contest.

 

 

 

 

We Pick Up Your Shoes
8-2230 8—2230

 

Fresh _ 
' Tall Dam Tam
Yearling Squad Lem to Alb", _r

Academy by Narrow Margin,
New Zone Defense Rudy

 

A revivified frosh outfit journeys
to Delhi Agriculture College to-night'
with the firm intention of finally
winning a ball game. Hard luck has
dogged the heels of the ’44 squad
throughout the entire season.

Lose To Academy

On Friday, January 17, Albany
Academy defeated the Yellow Devils
by the narrow margin of 31-28. Bob
Combs played a. great game as he
tossed in 15 points to take scoring
honors. The game was tight all the
way. At the third quarter
break the score was tied, but in the
last quarter the Academy pulled
ahead to win by 3 points. _

Since then exams have intervened,
but the squad has kept up its prac-
tice. Coach Danilewicz has drilled
the team on an offense for use
against a zone defense and has had
the team practising a zone defense.
The last State college team to use a
zone defense in intercollegiate play
was the class of '42 freshman team
coached by Duke Hersh. Danilewicz
plans to use the zone against the
Aggies tonight if conditions are fav-
orable.

Delhi Advantage

The Delhi squad has been just
about breaking even in their sched-
ule so far this season. The Aggies
squad will have a tremendous ad-
vantage in height over our boys. The
Delhi players range in height up to
6 feet, 8 inches. However, the fresh
aggregation should have the edge
in speed. The chances for a victory
are better for this game than for

 

any that have been played so far.

British Chess Magazine Prints,
[A State College Theorist On....'

 

Ititle is dangling in the balance. Cus-
tom on the team is for members to
play each other in three-game-
tournaments to determine team posi-
tion. At present, Shaw and Captain
Arthur Fox are hanging over a tie
score before playing the third game
for "first place.

By no means a born chess player,
Shaw was outstanding in track his
freshman year. He switched to
chess the next year, to make his
first important public appearance at
the New York State Chess Tourna-
ment the summer of 1939. Last sum-
mer in his second appearance at. the
Statewide meet, he advanced to
Class B. Most outstanding perform—
ance of his short career was at the
nationals in New York City last
Christmas. Shaw placed among the
country‘s leaders at that time.

Shaw was instrumental in the
move to make State prominent in
the inter-collegiate league whose
other members include Union,
R. P. I., and Colgate.

 

You ’11 find
At the

ANNEX

 

 

 

 

CREAM
0 o 0
Nothing Else So Good

Is So Good For You

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
 
 
   

 

 

