  

  

 

STATE,_COLLEGE NEWS, THURSDAY, MAY. 15, 1941

 

     

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

23th

The under raduate newspaper of the New York State Col-

.le e for
n.“ by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.

eaehers published every Friday of the college

"Phones: Ofﬁce, 5-0373; Murray, Wf’d 258-31; Clark, 4-6373.

lettered as second class matter Albany. N. l'., postoﬂloe.

II'IIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVII‘I'IIINO IV

National Advertising Semce. Inc.
College Pulled": Representative

‘20 MADIION Nil. Nil! YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO ' IOITOI ' l0. Mosul ' IAI FIIICIICO

The News Board
JOHN A. MURRAY _ _ _ _ EDITOR-lN-CHIIF
IIATRIC: A. DOWER - .. - co-MANAGING :oiron
ITEPHEN A. KUSAK . - _ CO-MANAGING EDITOR
RALPH CLARK .. .. _ .. Business MANAGER
IITTY PARROTT _ _ _ .. ADVIRTIIING MANAGER
JAMS! MALONEY - _ - - - sronrs :orron
WILLIAM DORRANCE _ _ .. .. AssocIA‘rE EDITOR
EDWIN HOLSTEIN _ _ .. _ AssoclATE EDITOR
HARRY PAssow - _ _ - - assocur: EDITOR

will“

The NEWS Moves Up

'i'lllli tiny. n'ilnic’cr the futon decree.
Sluili still be kept with Joy by me.
-louafliun Su‘ifl

if you compare this week's Nitws with last
week’s NEWS you will note little difference. ilut if
you compare this week's Moving-Up Day issue with
the Moving-Up Day issues of a year ago you will
see readin the changes which were introduced. Last
September the STATE COLLEGE NEWS embarked on
a policy of gradual evolution defined as “Conserva-
five-Liberal." This issue does not represent the
fruition of that evolution. But it does represent
the culmination of a year‘s effort to make the
News a newspaper rather than a weekly bulletin.

First phase of the paper’s transformation was the
streamlining of its typography, makeup, and style-
sheet. Old Style Cheltenham was abandoned in
favor of a modern Sans Serif face. Legibility and
consistency became bywords. “8:00 o’clock this
morning" became “8 A. M.” And in all evaluations
made of the News this year, paper scored highest
for typography and makeup.

The new order outlawed the writing of stories
with painstaking reference to the bound volumes
and required that items had to have news value
if they were to appear. 'l‘raditionaily featured stor-
ies gave way to ones of greater significance. A real
effort was made to link the college with the “outside
world” through countless polls, interviews with
Lehman and Willkie, stories on the draft, national
defense taxes, and educational trends. More facts
were printed than ever before—and these illustrated
with graphs, cartoons, charts, etc. Not only was
more news printed—that printed was more timely.
This morning’s issue contains a tennis result wired
from Conneticut last night. A year ago the student
body waited a week to read of Moving-Up Day
announcements. This year it will not wait at all,
and will get numerical results as well.

The NEWS has become a better looking paper.
Syndicated and locally drawn cartoons have been
used. More pictures have appeared than ever before
~and these have been of superior quality and had
greater news value. The cartoon adjacent to this
column was drawn 'l‘uesday night. engraved yester-
day afternoon, and printed early this morning. The
picture of .\lyskania on page one replaces what
formerly has been a (leO' i black blotch surmounted
by indistinguishable faces. liven the advertising
department has produced attractive advertisenients,
attractively arranged. And that department met
admirably the crisis threatened when the NEWS
was subjected to n 20’} budget cut. This year 28
issues have been made possible on a budget smaller
than the budget of a _vcar ago which produced lntt
22 issues. ()uly increased advertising revenues,
drastic economics. and wisc management of funds
brought about this financial security.

As an editorial force during the past year lllt'
NEWS has liccn frank, outspoken, and yet rcscrvcd.
it made no bones about dcnouiu'ing a lazy Student
Association Willtll by an ovcrwhclming majority
permitted a poorly drafted and liopclcssly padded
budch to pass. it has bitterly oppos'ctl the cliquisli-
ncss of fraternities and sororities, almost single-
handcd l‘ilt‘t tcti the reform of the Publications
()fticc, and lead the light for the publication of
numerical results.

Most significant is the fact that the NEWS has
operated throughout this critical year free from
administrative control. The News Board hopes
that its management of that great responsibility
will serve to prove that this free hand can be
extended again and again without fear.

 

' I STATE COLLEGE NEWS y“,
' enhancers.» 1915
 syaocuu J19“-
Vol. x v mat... May 15, at. No. 20

it Can't Happen Herel

 

by Leurer' Prelude to Pegeentry

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

But I Don't Wanna Be Tapped

 

Failure of  Lieis

 

"Parody is a symbol of success":
is a saying which might well apply
to issue Number 3 of the State Col-
lege Statesman on the news stands‘
as of last Friday. Without a doubt..
that issue of the Statesman has met‘
with more general approval than'
any other issue of that magazine
since its conception last year. ,

Certainly the Statesman has fin-t
ally, to the satisfaction of a good‘
portion of the student body. achieved 1
a part of its original purpose as “thei
humor and literary magazine of'
State College." It has provided al
humor magazine which urges stu-
dents with any sense of humor at all
to read from cover to cover—even
for the novelty of seeing how many
pages are in the magazine.

The Statesman continued its
“good cover policy" again with thisl
issue. The idea was novel. the
photography good, and the whole
matter so well treated that some
students were willing to wager that
Business Manager Bodner was Stu-
dent Association President Walrath
and only Literary Editor Madeline
Sccsny’s hair could convince a num-
ber of students that the only con-
nection with the group playing tic-
tac-toe on the sidewalk and senior
campus leadership society Myskanla
was the borrowed gowns.

The difference between what was
between the covers of this issue of
the Statesman and past issues is that 1
Issue 3 had material that was what
the students wanted and were willing
to take the time to read. Issue 3 had ,
material that was in some degree ap- ;
peeling to “the Jukes of State who.
simply refuse to read more than a‘
page of literary material" (from theI
Htutrsmun, of course) but who are

 

 

 

The Critic

on

 

willing to read a magazine full of
humor. especially humor that deals
with those things in which the
“Jukes” are interested.

The Statesman “authors-to-be
were stunted" and attempted a par-
oty and were successful. ’l‘hey se-
lected as the subjects for their take-
offs the publications of State College
including the ans, the Freshman
Handbook, and last year's Pedago-
guc.

The Nicws Board was especially
pleased with the treatment it was
accorded although seine of the cuts
used were the property of the News
and were used without the permis-
sion of the Board. But then if the
News Board can contribute to put-
ting out a Stutcsmrm which some
students are willing to read—why
should it complain about having
some of its cuts used without its
permission? True. the Naws has
never gone in for literary articles like
Mr. Perlman’s musical dissertation.
The News masthead appearing on
page 4 of the issue was rather subtle
and the Gestapo is still trying to find
out who conspired with the printer
to put a line under Mr. Murray's
name in the masthead of last week’s
issue of the Ninvs.

Conclusions to be drawn from this
issue are rather obvious. The States-
man has failed as a liaison. It has
never met with success as a combina-
tion humor and literary magazine.
The board's decision to make the
last edition of the year a literary
edition again is an admission of
failure. Apparently the magazine
must be either one or the other~
and State College students prefer
humor in a magazine!

 

n... Weekly Bulletin

S'I'A'I‘I'JSM.‘ N 9.
.\londay is tho tit'lilllllil' for material
I‘nl' llll‘ llc.\l innlh' lily llil' Siilll'sillllll.
'l'how who did not rem-iri- tho lust
:wuc- of the niagazlnc may call for it
In thu- Publications Office.

lilnnclie lilrahcnhiuiu,
l'Jillior.
\‘tlll'l‘ll litls'l‘l‘llﬁ

Ilpportunil) to "sm- the World" on
.1 dollar a day is ol'l'n-ri-d b_\ the new
sport, _\onlb lioslcllng You can lillic
ul' lii|\l‘ and cook your own nil-ills. .\n
.\crnlghl stay in a Youth ilosII-I holcl
Innis only ‘..‘.'I «mills l'oi‘ |vnl'ilt'l|lul'~
“Min to .\lll, .\nl'llill-lll. \liw (it'll
vral Information mu I.. obtained in
tlo- limb of \\..oon- num-

l.lllli.\ll\

lllt' auxhnt initl\ lill'\ In .ntirxsmi
"I |.uow lll.tl rI..- llitl'.ll_\ his _iu~t put
into l‘ii'v'l|:.llitlll I boot. ml Aimrt slorI-w
v-nlltlml .\um-paiulu-s Hitll‘il “as \\'rl|-
two by our of Swan. ,‘l.|4ltlllt"-, limlly
lil‘i't'llliua)

.\lnr) I'i. ('nlili,
Librurlun.
I'I'I‘ZII

Sluilcnl-l \\ho barn I'm-.vltmi loads for
summer iob~. ari- rmpu'sll-ll to notify
tiic l‘l’lill an «will as lllc)‘ tillllllil 1'1"
pllcs in oral-r limit the bureau may
t'lt‘lll' llll lira l't‘t‘lll'llN

.\ll lilxisc Ilcsll'utls of suuuuor Jobs

ili'l' tln'lx't'tl lo l‘cpol'l lu ilIl' l"i‘l‘ili litil‘

inn-rvlewa immediately.
llurrs i'usuow.

Director.

Htil‘lt‘l: CALENDAR
.\lay 1:. .\ipaulsh t‘lub nun-ting,
24], litiill l’. M.

liooul

 

 

.\lay in lutvrmltiouai lit-lulions t‘lub
lill‘t‘llllg. lmllilgn, iiZilll l'. .\i.

.\la,\ [7: Junior lianqih-l.
3::ltl l' .\l.

.\lay in .\‘n-nloi'
lii‘l'l‘n‘, ll l'. . .

.\lny ITi .\lr-n's l'ushbuil t‘ontosl, Wo
mi-n'n 'i‘ruck and l"ic|d lllwnta.
l’ag'c ll:lll l‘llt‘ltl, Tn‘lll l'. .\l.

llci‘ln-i'l 's,

t‘lass lianquct, llor-

.\lay ill .\loiing | p flay.
l'agc llull Auditorium, iiﬁlo .\ \l
Stunts. i‘.l-,.'u- i all. ‘..‘ l'. .\

.\‘inu. .\llt'|i\ of llrnpcr Hall, 7 l' .\l
llaucing. l'.-igo Iiall. at’lcr slug.
\la) IT Kappa lit‘lil le'liig,i"oi'iuul.

t‘oniinolh. '.I i' .\l to | .\ .\i

\la) l7 t'ollcgu- llouw l‘ormal, lion-c.
‘.l I'. .\l lo I .\ .\l.

\fn l\ .\«Wman t‘lub Spring l'lIllic
illllt‘lll'l' l‘ai'l.‘ “Ii-«NH ll‘.|\t' .\rw
lIIIll ll.t.‘|. lllll l'. \|

H.” W .\nrxno i"l‘.l|tl‘ili'\ inm-Iltlz.’
lmullgu T fill l'. .\l

\ln) L'tl \l.llltclu.itlc~ litth l‘lv‘uic
’l'imlcbcr l’arh, |':il'a~. lion-m Illi
lll'.l|vl‘i', Ii Jill I' \I

\ll\ ‘_‘o t'lub X mooring, Lounge, 1':
.\l

\l.i,\ ‘.‘o t'unll'i'i-lli‘v an annular >4.\
\lul'.llll.\' l'ol‘ .\lt‘ll. l.o|lll.ll' 5': Jill l’
.\l

\l.l,\ 'Jl t'hrmisllw t'lol. l'lt'llii', 'l'hat
t'lll'l‘ l'al'li, linssm h-atl- lracli of
lil‘apu-r, .‘l iltl i' .\l

.\la,\ :1

.\‘t‘.\ Advisory t‘onilnltlci- niccl~

lug, Loungc, -l l'. .\i.

.\lay 'Jl it‘rcshman lluinluct, Jack's, ii
i

.\i.-iy'JL’ Newman t'lub installation of
officers and t'ollilt'll; lv‘rosh l'arty,
Newman flail. Trill) l'. .\l.

.\iuy '.“J (‘hcss t‘lub incl-ting, lloom iitli.
7:30 1‘. M.

 

 

by Robert'F. Agne _

(Editor’s Note—The first part of this article appear-
ed in the Moving-Up Day issue of the News last year;
the second part is written by the same author, but
this time from his point of view as a Senior.)

These are days of prophecy and prediction, of peg-
eentry and power, of displays that absorb the aspects
of destiny. These are the days of marching men; to-
morrow we, too, march. But when we enter the door
of Page Hall, we are invading no state, violating no
frontier. We may feel strange, but we are merely
claiming an inevitable new realm that is ours. We will
celebrate the joy and torture of this inheritance to-
morrow as we move into next year, as we move up—
and on.

Man is a creature that takes peculiar pride in the
right of succession, in the passing of property, tradition,

and honor. Moving-Up Day, however, is

Not Mere more than an ordeal of detail, more than
Pomp and a reckoning with pomp and plunder; it is
Pageantry the culmination of a year, or, more ex-

actly, four years in one, for each class
has come to the end of a period. High in the balcony,
decked in a green and unusually large ribbon, sits the
freshman, eager, anticipating, boisterous at the slight-
est excuse for applause, glad for a. holiday, happy that
he is at last free from the apprenticeship of a first
year in college. Near him is the sophomore, superb
in his affectation of ease, proudly and defiantly bear-
ing his colors. expertly critical of the slightest error in
procedure. througth educated by his one year’s ex-
perience. Downstairs sits the junior. toying nervously
with his cane, baffled by the mysteries of success, jeal-
ous of honor. girrled for the torment of the morning’s
suspense. wondering—and hoping. Last and least is
the senior. ignored in his dignity of cap and gown.
solemn and bored by the ancient monotony, despair-
ing of the future in the hands of the juniors, interested
chiefly in forecasts he made and his money that backed
them. This is the stage and the scene for the pageant.

Perhaps the day will be slow; perhaps the schedule
will be lost early. but there is pleasure in the waiting
in line. not knowing what will follow. There is pleasure
in listening to familiar speakers. in following the shift-
ing scene of familiar activity. We will wonder again at.
the flow of announcements. at the honors and offices,
at the prizes and positions. We will be amused by the

faculty. apparently as interested as the
Anticipation students. Then will come the moment
Greatest at of highest anticipation. We will see
Tapping Myskania. itself solemn and deliberate,

slowly pursue the choosing of its suc-
cessor-~though well-substantiated rumor has it that
this year's “tapping” will be remarkably rapid. The
reality of this "tapping" scene could never be reenacted.
Then when the cheering dies and the long program is
over, there will be the march along student-flanked
walks. We will watch the forming of the black figure
"40" for the last time by the seniors. Only after the
stunts have passed and the sing is in progress will we
realize all this, or will we be reminded that the year is
really over. Previously we have watched the moving-
up. but not until the final song “Great Fire" can we
realize fully that Moving-Up Day is accompanied by
the loss of the Class of 1940.

There are those of us who may say that such a
ceremony as this can have but little lasting effect, but
when we look back, we shall remember little of people,
less of their nature. What we shall remember are "the
days spent in festivities together. We shall recall the
festoon of colors and the singing, Page Hall and the
Maelstrom, our wonder at it all. and recount the fading
details of the four great days in which we moved-up
together.

Ill 11 )ti lit

And when it is over, what shall we say? Surely we
shall proclaim it a day to remember. There will be
those of us who will wonder at the sadness in the realm
of success. at fear following in the wake of achieve-
ment. We must remember, however, that this day we
set aside is more than an hour reserved for demonstra-
tion and triumph. Were it only that, it would falter
beneath its weight of sham. for college moves in
terms of this event, and the moments which we antici-
pate in its light. become all too soon a memory. Like
a giant May-pole. Moving-Up Dny stands
Day Stands in the midst. of a whirlpool of activity and
Like Giant gathers together in one head the many
May-pole strings on which we as individuals so

lightly frolic. Swinging, we feel the tin-
eertnin breeze against our faces, and then. dropping
from the whirl, a bit dizzled by it all. watch others
snatch otir positions. Cnlmly. then. this May-pole
stands, symbolic of univorsul understanding of that
great truth which is so difficult for the individual to
fathom—«the omnipotence of transition.
Each year we rcenuet the same roles. apply the sumo
formulas; only the moving line of faces and the rotation
of colors give evidence of the changing scene. and only
the mounting count of the staked numerals on the
lawn outside proclaims the passing of it spent day.
This is the beauty and the lore of tradition. in it We.
lose ourselves, and disavow. for a time at least. our own
innicrmancncc by recognizing and honoring the power
of mutability in a burst of festivities.
it is not Moving-Up flay, howevor. that creates the.
chungcs that are procianm-d therein. ’i‘ukcn one by
one in their turn, these events Would be-
livcnts are. colilc but a series of lilcliioi'niitht llpnli
Key to which \t‘c would briefly reflect and forgot.
[reality But gathered together. they bring all of
us into a common key with reality. and
imprcss emphatically upon us the pertincnoe of the
skill of tlmc Most at us are still children in nccd of
parables and pictures. and here in the pagcunti'y of
this day many ol us become aware, for the first time,
of the power oi 'i‘ransition.
Moving-Up Day in this new light becomes a living
mark. a symbol; not against the future alone, but
against the past. It becoiiics in its fulfillment a death-
less identification branded upon ’l‘lme. It stands alone,
supreme and unchallenged. in the realm of a dying
year. radiant with u pagan lustre, like that of the
evening star as it tilts on the rim of the horizon to

 

 

commemorate a day that was.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, THURSDAY, MAY 15, 194i

  
 

 

Myskenie Traces
Eventful Career
Starting in ’1 7

On a Friday morning in April of
1917, state College President Abram
Boyer Brubecher rose in the student
assembly, or. as it was then termed,
“the Chapel", and told the listen-
ing student body that it had been
decided that an organization would
be formed of students who in the
future were to “to take charge of
undergraduate life.” Professor
Walker. who followed President
Brubacher on the stage, then read
the names of the people who had
been chosen by the faculty to
serve on the first Myskania. It was a
week later, though, that Miss Anna
E. Pierce, the Dean of Women of
State at that time announced that
the name “Myskania” had been
chosen for the group. and stated
that the meaning of the name would
remain a secret to those who were
in it. To this day that secret has
been kept.

Body to Supervise

Created to supervise, in the words,
of Dr. Brubaeher. “the phase of
student life which includes student
journalism, athletics. social affairs,
college traditions. student honors,
and preferences," Myskania has in
the 25 years of its existence made
and revised many traditions.

Since the day that it was form-
ed, Myskania has undergone some
changes, and most. of all. has grown
in prestige and power. When first
formed. its members were chosen by
the faculty. Today each Myskanin
chooses its successor.

The rules that Myskania formu-
lated in the first years of its exist—
ence were a heterogeneous set.

In the 24 years since its incep-
tion, Myskanla has come to be the
most authoritative student voice in
the college. It has come. to be a
goal for the most ambitious incin-
bers of each class. It is now an or—
ganization composed of the lead—
ing figures in the college. of the
heads of student activities.

 

Present Myskania Informal

This year’s Myskania has done
more than its share to bi'illg that
organization closer to the student
body. This morning, the pictures of
the members of Myskania are pub-
lished on the front page of the
S'i‘A'ra Common Nicws. This is being
done in accordance with a long—
established custom. This year,
for the first time, those pictures
are of Myskania dressed inform—
ally—informally in keeping with this
year's effort to remove some of the
artificial barrier between Mysknnia
and the college. Tomorrow. how-
ever. Myskanla regains its full
formality when it taps the group
that is to follow it—the 26th of a
series.

 

Nelson Guest Speaker
At Musklngum College

 

state's scholarship record is
well known, and state's genial
Dean, Dr. Milton G. Nelson, who
has been steeped in our scholatic
superiority, has been drafted to
speak at various colleges through-
out the country on this and per-
tinent subjects. On May 13, Dr.
Nelson spoke at “Scholarship
Day” at Muskingum College. New
Concord, Ohio, on the topic
“Scholarship In America Today."

Dr. Nelson’s trip was also a re-
union with Dr. William M.
French, acting Dean of Muskin-
gum College. Dr. French also
graduated from State, and was a
member of our faculty as Assist-
ant Professor of Education.

 

Walrath Re-Delines
Banner Rivalry Rules

Myskania has made the following
clarifications concerning the banner
rivalry. Merrill Walrath. ’41, Presi-
dent ol' the Student Association.
speaking for Myskania. explained the
situation as follows:

“The Freshman class is now in
possession of both banners. The sit-
uation seems to be confused by the
rather ambiguous wording of Sec-
tions B. Paragraph 1c. and 3a of
the rivalry rules which read: ‘The
contest shall close at midnight of
Moving-Up Day and not before.
Both banners must be given to the
President of Student Association
between 12 P. M. and 8 A. M. on the
morning of Moving-Up Day . . . Five
points shall be awarded to the class
successful in obtaining and keeping
the banner of the rival class until
the close of the contest.’

“Mysknnia has ruled that the
freshman class must give both ban-
ners to me between 12 P. M. and
8 A. M. tomorrow morning or lose 5
rivalry points. In fact. the only pos-
sible way for the sophomore class
to get the 5 points will be for them
to gain possession of both banners
before 12 P. M. tonight."

 

l2 OUNCE BOTTLE

 

 

 

 

“IMO-I‘m-

 

 

  
  
  

STUDENTS

. .sioy at the Henry Hudson Hotel. For a week-end,
a vacation or as a permanent residence lhll popular
club-hotel is particularly suitable. lis varleo cultural
activities and recreational facilities provide exercise
for energetic minds and bodies. Slit lounges. five tun
decki. Library. Music studios. 00 foot pool. Full social
programs. Papulor priced restaurants. Cultural,
shopping and amusement areas all nearby.

SPICIAI. STUDINT AND lACUI-TV RAT"
Single $2.00 dolly, "2.00 weekly
Double $3.50 dolly, "6.00 weekly

l200 ROOMS WITH BATH

 

us Wm 57!“ sum .
John Paul Slack. Guierat Manager
I

MEAD UARTERS
AMERICA WOMAN'S
ASSOCIATION

 

 

NIW VOIK

 

 

—Moving-Up Day

 

(Continued from page 1, column 5)

didetes for the student Association
offices.

The student body will then file out
of the front door of Page Hell, and
the four classes will form their class
numerals on the campus in front of
Page Hell. Following the formation
of the class numerals, the seniors
will gather to hear the ivy speech
which is to be given this year by
Louise Snell. After the speech, the
ivy is to be planted by the outgoing
Senior Class.

The afternoon part of the pro-
gram will commence at 2 P. M. At
that time the stunts of the four
classes will be presented on the
Page Hall stage. Judging the stunts
will be Dr. Caroline Lester, Dr. Matte
Green, and Mr. Warren Densmore.
The sing judges are Miss Helen
Curtis, Dr. Margaret Betz, and Mr.
Paul G. Bulger.

The third part of the Moving-Up
Day activities will commence at
7:30 P. M., when the classes will
assemble in front of Draper Hall for
the step sing. After the songs have
been sung. the class winning the skit
and song contests will be announc-
ed and the rivalry cup will be
awarded. Dancing in Page Hall will
follow.

 

W

 

  
   
  
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 

Fresh Pastries Every Six Hours

 

Hot Turkey Hamburg Special
Sandwich F. F. Potatoes & Cold Slaw
40c 20c

 

  
 
   
 
        
   
  

   

Diner

H. Mariette. Prop.

.0.

Spaghetti
25c

COMPLETE DINNERS DAILY FROM 400 to 650

234 Central Ave.

——
WE NEVER

 

 

 

 

PARKING SPACE Albany, N. Y. CLOSE
I -

 

of our saucy,
. lakeside . . .

Fashioned of cool rayon

Sizes 12-20

 

 

 

bathing suits . .

accessories!

 

 

 

Be “Slack Happy” all summer long in one
carefree slack
designed for lazy living on the beach
. mountains or campus.
Bengaline in
Heaven Blue, Lemon Yellow or Natural.

. . A

7/76 P/(Iy 771m 5190/)
Aiz'w/t/ ./'700/'
Visit our ncw l’ia'v 'l'imc shop that is just

brimming ovcr Willi country casuals . . . .

. tennis suits and bathing

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
      
   
  
     
  
 
  
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

sets....

 
 
 

 

 

 
  

 

 

$5.95

 

 

 

 

 
  
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

     

      
   

 
 
 
 

  

    
 
  
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

