EIAI’E COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16,1941 _

 

toenails ‘

-“‘ CARL 4

We emerge from the midst of a
flurry of excited frosh, over-packed
‘ mailboxes, and fraternity propa-
ganda in all forms, and risk a glance
from the now quiet Publications Of-

fice doorway.

We withdraw the ole bean in
haste for bearing down on us from
the direction of the men's locker
room in a sturdy blond lad over six
feet in altitude. A nervous interview
reveals that he is one Dave “Doc”
Cooke, a graduate of the New York
State Teacher’s College of Buffalo.
We timidly ask if this proud pos-
sessor of a 3.8. in Education ever
went out for sports and the anSWer
staggers us. “Doc” received fourteen
letters in basketball, soccer, tennis,
and golf—everyone a major sport!

A further glance into the ranks
of the graduate school reveals that
the former chauffeur of this pillar—
then known as “Maloney’s Baloney,”
is also back in search of higher
education. Jim is specializing in|
American History. The title of his
column has gained everlasting fame

for the fella.

Going back and looking over the
available frosh men we find an-
other outstanding sports potential-
ity. This tall lad is Fran Mullin of
Schenectady. Fran attended Mount
Pleasant High School and held posi-
tions on the basketball, bowling,
and softball aggregations. In ten-
nis. he led the flock as the No. 1

Man 1

Last Wednesday we sneaked over

Strict Economy

1 Plan ol MAA

Council Promises Cooperation
With Intramural Activities;
Vice-Presidency Vacant

Ensuing a plan of “strictest econo-
my.” the Men’s Athletic Association
council will attempt to provide the
maximum activity for the student
body at a minimum of expense.

The council considers itself re-
sponsible for more student activity
in the various sports of the college.
Therefore, in an effort to do the
most good for the greatest num-
ber, considerable attention is be-
ng focused on the Intramural
Council.

Along with the three mainstays of
the non-varsity calibre, MAA is
planning to add a number of other
sports to the intramural program.
At present, soccer, bowling, volley
ball. and golf are under considera-
tion.

 

 

 

Closer affiliation is also in line.
Both council presidents are work-
ing hand in hand in planning
future programs, and in WidenIng
the undergraduate sport activities.

No longer will the representatives;
of the various competitive teams
arrange their own schedules and
then apply to MAA council for_ap—
proval. Instead, the Association’s
council will take a more active in-
terest in providing State students
with a varied and attractive intra-
mural program for the coming year.

Since Frank Hansen, '43, vice-
president-elect of MAA council did

Giavelli Assists I-M Council
‘ In Promoting Frosh Tennis

by Gene Guarino 6

The class of ’44 made quite a
staged at Washington Park.
name for itself last year as a bunch Harry Kensky, NO' 1 man on

of “tradition breakers," but they , h e
have nothing on Nora Giavelli of its: ilatﬁrlrgz $33,]; $25 13:23:31
the Class Of ’45.    of player and  give a good ac_
femininity is 30mg 0‘“ ‘or Varsm’ counting of herself in the tourna-
tenmsl believe It or no“ ment. When asked what he thought

It seems that Someone tentatively of having a girl on the tennis team,
identified as Francis Mullin signed.he admitted, “It would be very nice
her name for the freshman tennis _wou1dn't um",
tournament Which Intramural Art Flax, who is in charge of the
Council is sponsoring to check on contest, has already posted the sche-
varsity tennis potentialities in the dule for the fifteen freshmen who
frosh class. She admits she was a slgned up (including Nora, of
little flabbergﬂsted to hear 0f it. course) but now expects a last min-
but she regained her usual com- um rush.
posure and came back like a real Nora’s first round opponent, Car.
Sporty declding to leave her'name 0n don Baskin, nearly fell over when
the list. “Anyway. I think girls he found out whom he was to play.
really should go out for more sports His only comment was, "She’s too
here at State. It might arouse more good for me. She's an ace."
interest for one thing.” She is not Kay Peterson has already found
a girl who cares to brag about her- out that Nora is also an excellent
self (or needs to for that matter) bowler and envisions a men and wo-
but we found out that she won a men‘s bowling league. Not a bad
tennis tourney in Panama where idea. You've started something
she originally lived. And last sum- Nora!

cording to Regis Hammond. presi-

  dent of Intramural Council, “Each

year the Council has been thwarted

  in its efforts to expand its program.

Y With a little co-operation we hope

this year to buy a new ping—pong

Men’s Intramural Council is start— table for the Commons, introduce a

ing the year off in a business-like bowling league. possibly golf and

fashion. The tennis tournament for six-man soccer." In evidence of its

freshmen is already underway and good intentions Intramural Council

the starting date for football has has already delegated members to

been tentatively set for Monday. investigate these different fields of
This starting date depends upon expansion.

 

 

 

ward to more varied activities. Ac-

 

mer she came in ﬁrst in a contest

 

 

 

 

The
N  II
hdﬂl
GINNY

Heaven be praised! Not only has
WAA acquired a president in the
person of Kay Peterson, but it has
also acquired an artistel Have you
noticed (who could help but notice
it) the dressed up bulletin board?
It seemed that Kay and Armede
Black are responsible. They certame
made katchy, kute and klever invi-

tations to the world of sports.

Camp Johnston . . . Way out
ﬁlm in Chatham . . . won’t know
itself in a, little while. The long-
promised curtains are destined to
appear in the near future to make
weekends in the great outdoors
more home-like. As if this shock
wasn't enough, there is also promise
of rejuvenating the outer walls by
a creosote treatment.

To the uninitiated. let me say that
Camp Johnston is the headquarters
of the Lotta Bunkers, a hiking
group, and all those who like to “get
away from it all" for a weekend.
It has triple decker bunks, a pump,
candlelight illumination. and a great
expanse of rolling lawn extending
ill four directions.

Betty Lou Court is in charge of
the camp this year and will schedule
camp weekends throughout the dif-
ferent seasons. However, any group
of six or more girls may secure per-
mission to journey out to the camp
on weekends nt scheduler].

The first issue of the WAA Hand-
book will be out in a couple of
weeks. Senior Anita Holm is editor.

 

1916
1941

 

ALBANzgﬂN yoR’k‘, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3,1941

VOL. XXVI, NO. 3

 

Five Will Seek

Role of Queen
For Campus Day

Monday Elections Will Decide
Wearer 01 Royal Crown;
eniors Vie For Honor

1
i
l

The successor of Queen Bea ltl'icc
Dowerl, is one step nearer being
chosen today as the result of last
Friday's Student Association voting.
Five nonilnccs now been selected.
one less than lust your. whcn a tru-
dition breaking sextet vied for the
renal honors. I

Tllc girls who wcl'c nominated for
Campus Queen as discloscd oil'icilll—
ly by Myskul‘ln today are as follows:
Marion Duffy. Gamma Kappa Phi:;
Kay Pclcl'son. Kappa Delta; Jonn—‘
nclic Rycl'soll. Chi Sigma Thclll;
Mildrcd Swain. Chi Sigma Theta:
and Kay Wilson. Kappa Delta.

Myskaria has also announced that l
ﬁnal balloting for Compus Queen»
will take place Tuesday in the Conl-
mons from 9 lo 4 P. M. HOWCVCl‘.
the identity 01' the new Queen will
not be disclosed until the coronation {

l
I
1
l
|
l

 

’I Predict A Bright Future’—
Presideni Soyles Pronounces

From the inner sanctum on
the first floor of Draper, where
President John M. Sayles guides
the destiny of State College,
comes this bugle note 01‘ en—
couragement and conunenda-
tion on the achievements of the
NEWS in its twenty-five years
of service to the college:

“To the S'l'A'rn Col.l.l-:olc Nun's:

The Col.l.l-:oll News is to be
congratulated on its long and
outstanding history. It has
shapcd college policy and con-
structively enhanced the life of
this institution. I predict a
bright future for it because its
lcndcrship. by tradition. is
(ruined through a wisc up-
pl‘cnllccsllip.

My i'clicilnilmls and congrat-
ulnilons."

 

Activity Budget
Faces Decrease

This week administrative authori-

SIATE COLLEGE News Turns

|
l
l
l

DR. EDWIN R. VAN KLEECK ’27,

ceremonies on Campus Day which'llos will lake measures regal-ding former Editor of STATE COLLEGE NEWS,  I . . . . . . .
the deﬁcit in the present, Studan who will be ",3," Speak” at the NEWS lnlsslonll of l.dlu.lllon iii (In. hulic lhpullmlnt, wrll delncl the main

this your falls on October 18.

wenty-Five Year Milestone

“Silver Jubilee Banquet Planned

As Anniversary Commemoration

Moving-Up Day Charade Provided Inspiration lor Establishment
OI Committee by Brubacher to Issue College Newspaper;
Dcdiclre Became First Editor-in-Chiel of Publication

'l‘hc S'l'i‘l‘l-i (.‘ol.l.l‘:c.l‘. News tomorrow marks the lwcnty-l‘liih year of

its founding.

(in ()clobcl‘ 4. I010. lllc (‘Illss of 1918. rcpl'cscnlcd by ll “('omlnilicc

Illilll. brclllllcd Iiic illlo six pages

in I'ublish ll \Vcckly (‘ollcgc Ncwspzlpcr," :\ll'rcd l'l. Dedickc, chair-

of inanimate paper and type and

.lnk and gnvc birth lo lhc S'l‘A‘l‘lt COLLI-Zon NEWS.
'l‘o commcnlol'nlc its Silvcl' jubilee, illc ION-1042 NEWS Board has

izlskcd zlll formcl' bolu'd lnclnbcl's to join in ll banquet celebration at

‘Iluck‘s Restaurant tomorrow :11 o l’
formcr cdilor of the S‘I‘A'l‘r; COLLHG

. .\l. llr. Edwin R. Van chcck, ‘27,

r: .\'r2ws and now (in Assistant (‘om-

to the Washington Park courts and I _ I
found‘ Mullin and Nora Giavelli :gttegezlgﬁlooﬁminﬁlmFigguglg?’ 3?: taillol il‘iactors: (l) lliow soon Council
putting on an impressive perform' council is awaiting the results of W d (2:10? Sing reads it? may use
ame‘ Although the young lady the junior class elections before ap- an f m". I Olwa dt' can give?“
came out on the short end of the pointing a new munch Vicemresh 1e men Ell necessary physma]
final scoring, the tallies were near dent examlnations in tune. Nearly one
enough to indicate a terrific battle. ‘ hundred men have signed up for

True to history the voting inst Association budget A budget cul J -
. - . . H ‘ ' - ubllee Ban uet.
Friday W118 unusually light- It lSIwill cnsuc unless additional funds q
probably, however. that the incrcus- Icon be obtained.
cd interest that. comes from a nor-i ~
_ VI . I I‘ l A mini 01 85 students have de-
110“ mg ofl the ﬁeld wdl gloatlynswcll hmhod in lheh. payments 01- Which  Women Enroll College FOCU” Plans
th llulnnl of studans cxclclslng thy”, a”. (,- h.osthhI 24 sopho- In Freshmen Class y College came from a skit present-

 

llddrcss. lil'. Hurry \l'. Hastings, Professor of English, will act as
Ilollslmzlslcr. I‘Idwin II. Holsicin. and A. l-Izlrl'y l‘llssow, seniors. are
n r ------- —- t'gcncral chairmen of the Anniver-
sary Committees.
The idea of a newspaper for State

DIAL 5-1913

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“ounce”,an that Mime High When the student budget plan was
School will be in session. Mime adopted in 1917, the News was in-
wih he Laugh, as Usual by the eluded under the blanket tax, thus

WHAT ARE YOU DOING wmr
YOUR LAUNDRY nus YEAR?. ..

 

 

OTTO R. MENDE
“The College Jeweler”

Albany, N. Y.

 

 

103 Central Ave.

ill the world situation 01' the presan Van Klecck, editor in

time and thc your 1917. Frat Men] FreShmen made the pnng five columns wide
. Iund lengthened the sheets propor—

Wlll Attend Smoker tionatcly. John A. Murray, last

number who returned as Sopho- year's CdiLOI'. made the latcst rc-
DELICIOUS SANDWICHES mores was 196, or only 51% of thc Fraternity men of State College Vision 01" the style. when he modern-
HOME MADE ICE CREAM class. Ill other words, 49% left for will be hosts to the men of the class Mod the headline type. substituting
7.30 A M To “.00 p M .  ' . army service or jobs. of 1945 tonight. at tho annqu Inter- I the simple-faced sans serif for the
OPPOSITE THE HIGH SCHOOL ' , , a I f . .. . V  This year 217 Sophomores, or Il'ﬂtellllty SillOkL‘l 111 the Commons old-stylc ldct hILhLILO usLd.
‘ .  I, ‘ ,. r‘ 82% of the class, returned. It 1s 01 Huwlcy Hall. Thcafiall' is SCllCd- The {ll-5t, home of lhe NEWS was
‘ - ‘ v believed that the present national ulcd for 8 P. M. Room X, which it shared with the
""'"'"""""""WWW""""vﬁv'vvvvvv ' - -  , ,' ~ . defense program is responsible for The Acllvltles Commluee has Palm/09m: and the Alumni Quar-
i ' I   this decrease, for many of those limited midweek [unwons to a Icrly. Its next move was to the

  Who WOUM (’Lhm'Wlse "alum “OW minimum for the coming year. In present location of the cafeteria
i

have well—Dorms Jobs in defense 11,“. win, this pohcyI rush [)ul'ucs annex and thence to the present
HOI SUM (Wine Bread)
“

work. The lulu-once that is. to be by the fraternities are being plan- OITlce. Recent enlargement of the
made from tins comparison ls that hcd only 1.01. weekends. Imermb Publications 0mm has provided the
KLEEN - MAID WHEAT : . i .. _ ,  I I, }
HOLSIIM onAcKED WHEAT .. ~ .

 

 

 

In 1917 the number 01' freshmen
who registered was 346, Ill 1918 the

Eat at John’s Lunch

PLATES 2°C AND UP

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gaul-tear of Dartmouth "hobo-Lantern"
Alfred Stiller. '42; Arrangements, [01's “lull Edwm Vim KIEGCK was by

Annual P'cn'c TueSday Glen Wall'llth, '42; Elltcrtaillnlcnt. “1" We best e‘mm' “1 the history 01'
George Kuhn v43; Cleuhdh,v Owe,l lle/IIHU’tI ml [mg/c 5, column 2/

MISS dune “11115111111913 42: Presl' Bombul'd. '43; Roil‘cshlncnts, Hal
dent of the Delta Chapter of Pi Smgeh '43I
Gamma Mu. the National Honorary ' 

 

A better method is to send it home regularly by RAIL-
WAY EXPRESS—and have it returned the same way.
Our service is fast, sure—and convenient. Economical

GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP.
Mullin was ver confident that Miss intramural sports and Dr. Dorwaldt  v D C  I  -'l- -, -   ,m  . . II , I . II .
Giavelli would'ymake the finals in P t  1- examined most of them Wednesday B E  E R A le:,.1(;,.iltli‘£[ﬂ?{efigézltrt};gcih’_,$¢?iw 1'1 iiiiilﬁﬁlﬂncl 38 funiOi-S; Conference—~No School ed in May, 1916 by the Class of
the current Tournament. e 3'50“ a" '28 evenilig- nation will undoubtedly make an cf- ,hcﬂl 1,.1L,.1,$,C,,(Lu Shy?!:hcﬁwxﬂfngg M mm“ . ‘1]9-181 MEL.” L3G crass wee-1a“,3d 13:;-
Stgtm’0h  iEHIOtpggbflilglrcl‘t orb? 0; Girls, Award RUles plghfllgljllélgehEgbgdtieéacliibl’él: child TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH {31:11 [aflélgjiuhtefugi  Flow?“(ICCI'CHSNI in 51‘043- I wolld condilions (“related (ll‘l)lllicJ0(131(I)ll(I'\:cShillfhlllilblllgéycl lI‘llllisuglivéfnbl‘lll‘iacfllgrPildahlnlbllsh a
as orgna s " I I ' " ‘ I‘ '* I0 S 1' 1 90101090 Last year‘s bud’et amountc to ' ' ' , - m  y l -. _ :. ' I l’ ‘ l . '1 .
more extensive golf program among ——. gaoketeims t1fiieomei Shr'ltyltes Hall] will nolnlnccs llsicd. If tllls llaplmn-SHIEIZBIG  compared with this ygar‘s w'th conege Regmrat'ons Ltllhd‘ Dbldcibkhhzelsfl):ll:;ltll;§ltfrb¥ thlzlhéd’ghf-
tne undergraduates, recently carded Freshmen women who plan to If “pull If n g 69”“ healiue-  “10 119W Campus Q1199“ “’lIll bi‘lbudgct of $14,827. The sale 01' tax I ~—‘_~ own)“- 13 mm in This.  (hit; ‘morc class appointed himself chair-
a '73 in a local country club tourna- earn their class numerals for pal-t1- 8V 5’ n: 5098 BS eXDeC 6 W0 clloscll "l‘llcsdny and wdl awalt hormckms last yam-I however totaled The figures on registration which: L ,1 . 1-. f, [1 .L '. ,,.f. V 1man of the ‘inaugural committee
ment . . . and that’s going SOmel cipation in sports should heed the games gm bve playeci Monday aftel' CI'O‘V‘U’W b-V reigning Queen B0"“11110. \Vhei‘Cﬂ-s only 856 tiCk'Cib' have “We 1”“ been rammed by ME“ fro-lily  Id (llltmlilhfll'ul? .and later became the first editor of
This summer Coach spent a requirement rule released by Kay go‘s} Ottel CIUb W1“ play Sﬁlyles ' who will journey here from Now how sold this yea}; Elimilmih Vim Denbm'ch. Registrar. (rt!)  Xf‘.”...",f" enf- Illﬁtlllléh. 1lhe paper [October 4 1915 was
couple 0f weeks at Manhattan BeaCh Peterson, ’42, president of WAA. La Ed sesciond tegm and Sigma 198'200 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY- N- Y- v York City to take part. ill the ccrc-I Anoma- poss‘ible Soul-CC Of income show that, a total of 263 frcshlncn g 11.3,. hism'i‘l 1’3”,0,1TL‘1LI:]L” ‘lhe ﬁrst [Summation date when 
Where he t°°k up g0” and physical Numerals Will be giVen t0 allyBiétn floti gmaf th engage 312mg“ momm- Inlay lie in the generosity of the “WOW-“1 this In“- Th“ “1110 01' “’0' 1330511223 SIN“? (gm. [861310.01- rfour column newspaper appeared
education Frosh who earn credit in four sportsl O ta'd c; OMAX $311316; wt)!  The iii'eﬁhinan Class W111 130 iii-lcruduatc class. Although it is not mm ‘0 menv “’hICh “‘15 “bill-"5 be?” y( ‘k is) l :1 larch (I) .1 L“ I The financing of the Nlle was
The fate 0f State's cross'coumry by the end of the year. These sports P sfe. on If] .. u e n. .omc {Oi'iiwd 01‘ the i'UICS EOVBI'ning' the mandatory that they purchase stu- ‘1 Promo”1 L0 “‘0 Womv“ 01' Slam" I“ LOIB'ﬂ' 11L “Inca: nE-m x mm Itini'i'ied on throughout the first
hopes are Still hingmg upon the "5' may be chosen during any two orlmclomhof t 8 men‘s make} loom' i'iVﬂli'i’ cull Competition at Sopho- (lent lax tickets, such purchases 0V0“ higher than it has bccn in the a D.u “3'.Nf‘,‘. YOIk' . lvcar by the sale of subscriptions
sponse 0f the men or the couege' If more of the four seasons. ‘t toun'th goes “0t P141} to tie 00.n' more Reception on October 10. At would aid considerably. Only four past. for this year there are 202 wo- 1' Sm L's “ '50 made the ‘m' " I | H
your intereSted_Keep ’em Flying! UDlJel'classmen will be awarded ggmwtlhis “gallshlrgllllwlllmkliml1;”?- “ml lime “WWW” 01' Myﬁkaiiia Willlgi‘hduatcs have secured tickets thus “"311 bi” 0111)’ 61 men. In OUIUI'
_ WAA keys after obtaining credit for g y C 5 00 ng 01' l'cud said rules from the fl‘esllmanil'ar. and a campaign for soliciting “'01'd5~ “10m “1'6 mOi'C Llifiii Uil'CL’
four sports in each of three yearsl handb‘mk' ‘me graduate“ is being consmel'ed- women m we“ mm" staff of campus teachers ll'euevmg many or the mm“ch
  SPOIIOSI'am The years do not have to be conse-i I All intrrestifnglsidFlight, disclosed This will be the tenth com ,iWOl'l'ICS.
- - - cutive, but the ke s will be awarded“ 3y ll study 0 tie lgurcs on total .. .. l I   - .  p1~0.-es- 1 - ,- - v _
FZGIUI'QS T¢nn|51 Rldlng to juniors and sehlors only. cnl'ollmcni is the comparison which 31:13:25: DIST: L3,);  five agar: (:1? [81115 highly/still": 
—. To obtain credit m any one Sport, can be made between the ﬁgures for lems facing the faculties of Chnhge of type from the heavily
The WAA Fall Sportogram got un- a girl must have ten hours of part1- “"5 Wm “Ind “1059 I 10" lb“ You” tcuchcrs’ colleges. headed Print or the 1916 paper to
der way this week with a few minor clpation on record Archery, riding, 1917-18. Tins compnrlson ls_broughl the clear type of the 1941 editions
changes made concerning time and swimming, tennis and badminton about {15 ii l‘t‘sllll ()1 1110 silllllal‘ll.I\' was ll major improveman Edwin
places. Exact data may be found on will be offered agalll as Spring 1926-1921
the WAA bulletin. V sports, and hockey will be replac-
1318 Plans haVe been formmaied ed by softball. However, a girl may
hoists“t.‘:t“‘tl‘:“€;‘“$‘.€:iti “r, cpl?” g or; “I. “"2. Spry
' wc se asaenln‘le a.
aontgst scilmuiccll signtuptoln itheHbtéile- and receive credit for it twice. I
n car an con ac 03 a ey, .
'43 who will arrange the play-offs. elgélhogdfrmgnbgtghglt1am], 
These can be played at times con- . _ , " , , “Wt Cl“ I
veniem’ to the contestanw Those for at least one sport taken within,
desiring Fall tennis credit should one yea! prevmus to the Clccuon'
play ten hours, four of which must
be supervised. Captains Lois Hafley
and Mary Domann will be at the
Washington Park Courts on Tues-
days and Thursdays from 3:30 P. M.
in 4:30 P. M. for supervision and to
give instructions to any beginners the world situation has ll decided Lemmy Council has also decided to present Nllws with much more room
Who   GUCCI} on (lonely? lleglsuluuon- This “11le [he [0111111] 1115]] Dru-Lies, of each ‘ Ill WlllCll l0 Work. The NEWS Slilll‘
Riding 1'5 to be conducted dim?!" bell“. 15 supported by memlmuon fraternity to two. bccausc of the inks also increased from the original
ently this season. June Clark, 44 Of the Oni‘Olllnt‘ni 0f Oihei' Ctiiliigvs.lscz,,-cjl,y hf ,whlluhh, 0pm, dulcg (,h twelvc members comprising both
321;?lgﬁtwégpglfgnggguﬁz glitnﬁltuég) m“* Fl'ldlly‘lllld Saturday nights. “morn” iiiid biiSinCSS staffs. to the
, ‘ ‘  . r. . I. - , ., . larger staffs of later years.
7 u v - - lllc committees fol tonlghts ill- I
gllipgngogmﬁlepiﬁﬁgnﬁngg  PI Gamma Mu   1,11,. include; General Chairman, It ls believed by the present edi-
test to their having been there. WAA (Delicious ’l‘oasicd)
refunds half of the cost to those , . ,
who complete the requjred “lumber J. ll.   Albany, N. ‘. {
of ten hours. “A A A A i A A l i i A A I A A l I A l A 1 l I l A l l l I l l A I A I A I A III...I-.

 

Numerical Election Results

 

 

Honikel's Pharmacy
157 CENTRAL AVENUE
LUNCHEONETTE SERVICE

CAMERA SUPPLIES Br FINIBHING
SPEEDY DELIVERY

0 AJI. - Ii P.M. PHONE 4-2036

 

 

Hot Turkey
Sandwich
40c

.——.._.__.__._.____
PLENTY OF
PARKING SPACE

 

Morris Diner 

Fresh Pastries Every Six [101m

Hamburg Special
1“. F. Potatoes & Cold Slaw

COMPLETE DINNERS DAILY FROM 400 to 650

234 Central Ave.
Albany, N. Y.

H. Monette, Prop.
Spaghetti
20c 25c

RAI LWA

AGENCY

WE NEVER
CLOSE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

rates include pick-up and delivery at no extra charge
within our regular vehicle limits in all cities and prin-
cipal towns. Your choice of prepaid or collect charges.

Just as convenient too, for ’lnost any shipment:
Baggage, gifts, cake or a pet elephant.

XPRESS

INC.

_ NATION-WIDE RAIL-Alli senvrcr “

Courtesy Central Studio

WHO WILL HOLD the Royal Sceptre as five reek Campus Queen honor?

On ﬂoor, Jeanette Ryerson; seated, left

to right, Mildred Swain, Marion Duify,

Katherine Peterson; standing, Kathryn Wilton.

Society of Social Studies Students,
has announced that the annual Pl
Gamma Mu picnic will be held at
Indian Lllddcr on Tuesday.

All members of the social studies
department, and all those of the
student body interested ill social
studies arc invited to attend. Trans-
portation will be provided. Tile buses
will leave the college at 4:30 P. M.
Refreshments and entertainment
will afford the faculty and the stu-
dents a chance to get acquainted.
The cost will be 35 cents per person,
the money to be used to pay for the
buses and the refreshments. Tickets
will be on sale in the lower hall of

 

Draper from now until Monday.

Assembly Canceled Today

There will be no assembly today
since all seniors are required 11)
take tests in the auditorium all day
with a break ill the lniddle of the
day IOI' lunch and rest period.

These icsts are given as a “fol-
low~up" from those given when the
seniors Were sophomores. Tile re-
sults will be standardized for use in
other colleges and universities and
for the selection of teachers.

Dean Nelson stated that all col-
lege and employment appointments
must be canceled so that every item
ior will be able to attend.

I
‘t'im-m ol' MIN—“AA Manual-r

ll'vlllg'. .\llll'l
‘ Williams.
t’lmm of Milli—MAJ licpl'cnwllullvu
‘ liollllllll'd. linu
Ilillillllllllll. Ili'ﬂlﬁ .
(‘llrns of ililri-«ltl-lr. to l“ll|i|llt'u Itourri
lillllz. (ll-urgl- 211
' Jim-ll, I‘llllVlii'll . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
('ltlha of Ilill—-~'l‘rr-unnrcr
(‘l'llllis, Lin-lilo
‘ ’i‘l-rllo. .'\lIilil . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
(‘Ilom of lull—“AA Mlulllgcr
“1111", Lois . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
‘ Illlh‘ullc, llcllu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Itm-oit's—'I‘uumluy
(lines of “Hit—WAA Representative
(lrcollluun, .lllllo
’I‘cl’i‘l. Sylvia
' olccicll.

 

 

