     

 

ml... r... ..o»-.e..mm~name-x .

 

    
   
    
 
   
   

. o.-nmhw;r~"fhwIWﬁldmume.~_

   
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS 21':
Established May, 1916
By the Class of 1918

Vol. XXV Friday. March 28. 1941

* Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Preaa Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Telephones: Office. 5-0373; Murray. 2-0888; Clark. 4-0373

Entered as second class matter Albany. N. l’.. pasta/lice.

 

No. 21

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING '7
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publisberr Representative

420 MADISON AVE. NEw YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' BOSTON ' LOI Alﬂllll ' SAN FRANCISCO

 

The News Board
JOHN A. MURRAY _ _ .. .. EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
BEATRICE A. DOWER _ .. - co-MANAGING EDITOR
STEPHEN A. KUSAK _ - _ CO-MANAGING EDITOR
RALPH CLARK - .. - _ BUSINESS MANAGER
BETTY PARROTT _ _ _ _ ADVERTISING MANAGER
JAMES MALONEY _ .. - _ .. SPORTS EDITOR
WILLIAM DORRANCE - _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
EDWIN HOLSTEIN _ - _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
HARRY PASSOW .. - - _ .. ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

ISSUE EDITOR
A. HARRY PAssow

 

we

All communications should be addressed it.) the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications,
as such expressions do not necessarily rcliccr its view.

 

 

 

Swing of the Pendulum

Tomorrow night, the male members of State
College’s senior honorary campus leadership society,
Myskania, will remove their somber black robes and
don in their stead, bright colored female bloomers,
black jerseys, and mortar boards. Having effected
this change, the Myskania Muscovites will trek out
to Page Hall gymnasium where they will meet the
freshmen women in a basketball game “to be played
according to girls’ rules of 1921 as remembered by
D. V. Smith.”

Once again this year, )Iyskania has “let down its
hair”—this time for a worthy cause. Proceeds from
this burlesque will be donated to the Brubacher
Memorial Lounge Fund. If this venture is to re—
ceive the same support as did the “Night With
Shakespeare,” when the evening is over, a large
portion of the student body will have enjoyed
themselves and the Fund will have been enhanced
by another substantial contribution.

The Myskania of this year, through its actions,
has regained some of the popularity lost for various
reasons in past years. From the time it joined the
snake dance in an effort to “Beat RPI,” Myskania
has democracizcd itself in the eyes of the student
body and has tended to move away from the “Great
Tradition.”

However in their attempt to dcmocracize their
organization. they have created a question in the
minds of members of Student Association. In their
capacity as the judicial body of Student Associa-
tion, they occupy a position somewhat analagous
to that of the Supreme Court. Hcrc lies the question
——will Myskauia. in their attempt at dcmocracizing
their organization, go to lhc other extreme, and forget
those purposes for which they were originally
founded? Will they. to gain popularity. neglect their
other dulics?

Their Cries Have Been Answered

The Class of 1943, although forced into it, has
put into offch a long discussed idea about State
('Hllt‘gc formal dunccs. It has mudc llli‘t'f: noteworthy
innovations in State's Sophomore Soircc.

I. it has lowered the bid to the dance from lltc
traditional 5.5.50 to $2.20.

2. it has cngagcd two bands instead of one.

3. It has thrown aside the “try to get a name
band for tho name‘s sake" idea.

When before has the announcement of Soiree
music met with sincere applause in Student
Assembly? When before has the President of Stu.
dent Association been at pains to commch a class
for its choice of music for its formal dance?

The Sophomore class has taken the initiative in
its first large scale venture and its social reputation
is in the making; but more than that, the age—old
campus cry for “lesser bands and bids that we can
afford” has been answered.

Over and above all this, is the responsibility that
has been placed on the student body in supporting
this new trend in music. The success of the night
of April 4, 1941, will mean better, more inexpensive
dances and more of the much needed Capital District
publicity for N. Y. S. C. T.

 

 

The Critic
by Anne Ratiray and Robert Hertel

of old those. met rewards who could excel
And such were pruiacd who but cmlctu'orcd well.

 

 

— Pope, "An Essay on Crilicism ”

The banquet is over and all the Advanced Dramatics
students are awaiting the unveiling of the little gleam-
ing Oscars and the glittering generalities in appraisal
of the past season. Before the Oscars are dumped into
the laps of the appreciative (?) actors and directors.
there are several comments on the year's productions
which bear consideration.

We have been plugging for experimentation all
year. and are pleased to note that the class has side—
stepped the usual run of comedies. fantasies. and tra-
gedies, with some worthy accomplishments.

The technical side of the plays has shown no steady.
sustained improvement in the use of our stage’s few
facilities. One week the sets and lights were excellently

handled: the next week they were inartis-

Freshmen tic, poorly co-ordinated, and carelessly
Provide organized. '
Talent The bulk of the acting experience was

gained by the freshmen who have pro-
vided our stage with a great variety of ability, and,
in our opinion. bids fair to constitute one of the best
Advanced Dramatics classes of the future. It is only to
be regretted that this cannot be said of the present
class who have shown ability in directing. but have
neglected the opportunities to act.

The publicity has been well-organized and artistic.
and deserves commendation.

And now for those highly-sought,
“Oscars:"

For the outstanding production of the season. the
prize must be shared equally by Miss McIsaac for her
inspiring production of the third act of Elizabeth. and
Essex. and by Miss Trumbull for her version of
Macbeth. Mr. F‘ulvio's Winfcrscf ran a close second.

For the production nearest to achieving technical
perfection. both Miss Real's Death Sends for the
Doctor and Mr. Vassilliw's A Night of an Inn deserve
our award.

For the outstanding actor of the year. judged by his
growth and maturity over the course of the season.
we nominate Vincent Miller. His crazed submarine
aide. his old man Death. and his Mio have allowed
him to display an expanding versatility.

It was extremely difficult to pick one outstanding
actress as no one person has enacted enough roles to

merit a single choice. In order of bril-

gilt—edged

Difficult liance for individual roles, We would
To Pick Top award an “Oscar” to: Julia Tunnell for
Actress her commanding Elizabeth; Kay Wilson

for her Miriamne; Alice Packer for her
country busybody; and Betty Barden for her querulous
sister.

For the best characterizations: Frank Cassidy for his
Essex; Tom Vassilliw for his unemployed father;
Frank Evans for the bereaved father peering beyond
the veil; Lauretta Servatius for her Helen of Troy;
George Sciffert for Death's secretary. and Anna Cat-
tuti as the worried mother with the twenty-five cents.

For “brilliant bits" we wish to hand little "Oscarettcs"
to: Paul Barselou's bicycling Englishman; Mary Stude-
baker's opera singer: Bob White’s inventive farmer; Hy
Meltz' submarine captain; Earle Snow's delinquent son.
and Bob Jones’ “tirec ” business man.

Our choices were made after a careful survey of the
plays perforated. Any such selection must necessarily
be arbitrary. Your choice may differ; stick to your guns.

The Weekly Bulletin —

 

 

 

 

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, MARCH 28, 1941

 

The essence of a spirit of demo-
cracy rests in the "recognition of.
and respect for. the abilities. poten-
tialities, limitations, and feelings of
all people." If a one-word equiva-
lent for that spirit were chosen. the
word selected would undoubtedly be
“cooperation.” Both that. spirit and
its equivalent are exemplified in
the relationships of faculty mem-
bers and students of New York
State's eleven teacher colleges and
normal schools.

The predominant area of faculty-

student coopera-
~»~   tion is in the
realm of allied-

curriculat‘ activity.
Here. though each
phase of activity
is theoretically
subject, to admin-
istrative check. a
wise policy of
“salutary neglect"
has made of
“learning by do-
ing" something
more than a “glit-
tel-ing generality." In the practical
workshop of the school newspaper.
the debating society. the symphony
orchestra. or what have you, oppor-
tunities are being presented for stu-
dents to make progress and mis-
lakes—fundamental essentials for a
liberal education.

Not only is this democratic spirit
exemplified in the extra-curricular
life of the various institutions. It
prrvatles even the administration.
classroom procedures, and both per—
sonal and social relationships.

 

.Ioltu .\. Murray

Ncivs Lacks Censorship

At Albany State. the S'rA'i'u COL-
mau-z lews lacks both censorship
and faculty advisor. Seniors teach-
ing in the practice school are re-
garded not as practice teachers, but
as teachers. Student-faculty com-
mittees are common of. Gcnesco.
and at Christmas-time faculty
mcmbcrs join student in caroiing

Eleven Working Democracies
Reprinted lrornthe March issue

by John A. Murray

of "Teacher-Education Journal”

and students. Both Buffalo State
and Oneonta Normal have found
in such meetings the solution to
many institutional problems. Their
characteristic frankness anti infor-
mality have produced better under-
standing and real accomplishments.

Orientation Programs

Practically all of the normal
schools and tcachcr colleges have
introduced ambitious orientation
programs designed to aid entering
students in “knowing” their school,
their community, their fellow-stu-
dents, their faculty, and——\vhat is
more importaut—themselves. Re-
cent. years have seen the growth of
a commendable trend, pioneered by
Albany State, toward the extension
of this program for the duration of
the college career rather than for
only the first few hectic weeks.

Apparent similarities notwith-
standing. this dcmocratic spirit so
characteristic of the Empire State's
teacher training institutions has
been achieved through no “system.”
“Democracy is not a 'systcm‘—It is
a way of life." And in New York
State, eleven different ways of life
have produced eleven different
“working” democracies.

a It #1

(Editor's Nolc.’ The following is a
common/dry on Mr. Murray‘s arti-
cle as if opp/ins lo S/(tfl’ C'ollcyc.)

The days ahead at State college
are the ones which show whether
there is a “working” democracy here
or not. The election period and its
aftermath is the most crucial time
for a democracy. A democratic elec-
tion demands the intelligent voic-
ing of the mature and considered
opinion of the entire citizenry. If
this Judgment is carefully weighed
and made by the overwhelming ma—
jority of the populace, the demo—
cracy is "working."

 

throughout the town. Buffalo State
classes are student-dirccted-—-in thin
absence of an instructor. Selected‘
students at Onconfa Normal are
permitted to "sit in" on faculty
meetings. At Brockport's winter
carnival it is not uncommon to see
faculty members skating with their
students. Fredonia Normals social?
calendar and assemblies are plan-
ned by a joint committee. Severall
instances in which “faculty advice:

TE

and opinion have been overruled.
by student opinion and conviction"_‘
are reported at Potsdam Normak
The Associated Student Body ofj
Oswogo N0rmal~as student asso-l
ciations in all teacher colleges and:
normal schools—may levy taxes andi
allocate the revenue therefrom at.
will. ‘

Fast-gaining in p o p u l a r i t y
throughout the state is the practice.
of setting aside one (lay in each
year for “face to face —~ off the
chest" meetings of faculty members

Democracy Working

Democracy at "State is working.
Despite charges of oligarchism
which have been successively leveled
at group after group. the control of
student government still remains
with the student body. No group. so-
cial. political or religious. has ob-

I Lillil‘ d such control. There is no dan-

ger of any group obtaining this pow-
r if the members of the Student;

Association vote intelligently.

Apathy Chief Danger

The chief danger of democracy
at State is not dictatorship, but its
forerunner, apathy. Dictatorship
cannot arise if the students jeal-
ously guard their inalienable rights
and privileges which have evolved
as the heritage of their democracy.
If on the other hand they become
apathetic toward their rights and
privileges and fail to exercise them.
they are in grave danger of losing
them.

 

 

//

 

1(.\1'l’.\ l‘lll l(.\l'l'.-\ ' for 11w remainder of lin-
All Int-minors of Kappa? wun-su-r.
l‘hi Kappa uri- urgI-ll to at , .\lr. Ilulgor l'IlIIIIIIl'IIIl'li on
lonti Iln- mun-ling 'i‘llul'sduy I Iin- grout good I’I't-s‘s' I’.u-
lli H i'. .\I, in lin- Lounge. rt-uu would do in publiciz-
,\'.iw lill'illltI'IN ror I\'I'I\' will iu:_r Slut.- t'oIII-go for l'uiurc
In. whim-it :i[ IlI:II un-wting‘. prom-uti-uh of ils gl':tllll.’lil'~‘.
from ilp- ]rl‘l-~I-lli junlor llu- :|l~‘it lnf'oi'uu-d IlH' Iiu-
t~l.~l~~. r-ulu ilt.ll Siull- ('oIII-gi- bus
I'Iilli'lt‘h Quinn. In i'lilillil‘lt' \vilb lln~ grail
|-.~.._..m..ur, nous of forty ~i\‘ IIIlIl’i'
M.“ Iwurln-r lrulniug insiilulious
S,“ will “WW”, ,1“, In numb-mil- l‘l--|II<, iwonly
[-HHHh in n “l'.,” “I- IN. , lit t'lIIIIllil‘li'I't' and l'i\‘t- in
illi‘l" on lln- Ifiltlv. Monday ""',',”'«‘, ,"'""“"“'
VI, 3.3,, I.‘ _\L in “UN,” L." \Ii'uiuiu l'.-Iln-mm. 'I‘.’.
I .\Ii‘. Louis .lonw. inslt'ut-loi‘ 1"" "W" "hwml *""""'*”‘~‘"
‘in “numb “III H WIN, Il'I-;I~I|I':'i' of fin» form-m.
hlll'iiliiilL' choir will 1w ou ""W‘H” Sl”””””"'
[lil‘ program. Ilirr-r-ior.
1-,,“ WWW“): M...“ ,H...“ M‘iilil..\ll\llll' (“uterus
“HHMI I” H“. “HIH‘IH’H'HVJ llulllt'l‘~ Hl‘ NIIIlw Sl‘liultll'
vommllm. for l|w\l _'\l'.|l"~; ‘l'lli‘ HI-I.\ I‘W'I-irv Ibclr
“l-l-iwrg. “HM.” I‘m“, A,“ l i'lll“'Il‘ llll~ morning in Ibo.
I'zll'~lt.ttl, Ind Ilouglos Iill» ‘ I“""‘”‘"“'-“ “HIV” ‘
llIIItti'l\_ ~t‘llilll‘~: 'i'llillllti“ (y' "' “03"”
.\>I'_'Il~‘iii~'. '12: Iiouald ‘ V""“""'""‘r-
hm. -,;, In...“ mph, sot'tti. t'.\l.1CNil.\It
wm. and I‘Iuriv Snow, » “WWI '15 KHIIIH “will “III!-
”MIHHML l|Ilcl. .lni‘ll's ii I' .\I ,
"0m." AK"... Marvin LN IIIII'I'I'IIII. II\IH‘
pumpkm. l'iuui‘or-o, l’agi- IIuiI .\|llll-
 . . . lul'iilm. \ on I'. .\l
\,l T':“ “f? 1”" I“ ‘] .\I.Il't‘li ‘_'\' I"I'I"~llil|:ill l’ai'ly.
; Slh‘hrglliii‘l‘ilmquIII‘IHZII  ('Itlllliinils. \~::o l». 
m HHIHH'HHUH‘ Wm HI“. March 1:11, [It'li.ilt', Iunor+
‘ ’ , ‘ fly ol \i‘l'illlliii \4. Slutt-
plllt'u' lil Illi' Vllti't-Ililull hump, ‘ I» \I '
mono nil .\ .ru  I; luv   .. ' . . .
rrvuvl Willlifln t‘ublll. New MI‘I.‘.h-."’ ll‘Irimlhdll' “"V
nmu t‘Iub chaplain will lw Alhmm- \H' l"”’””“” w”—
HW WNW” "lawn." “unruly IIII'II, Sopboiuorl-s‘vs .qu.
our-vs 1r.- scbwiuicd for Iv‘ri‘ Mrs’ In“ “H” ("NIL 71'“
' ‘ ‘ l‘. \1 Dancing. 011.I IBM.

 

day i-vt-nlug ill 7 l'. H». 5”“ March 31 Imuclui: class,

"MIII‘ 4' 311110 f 1'- “w “"4 (um n-l‘ noun», : no I' .u
.\1a:.-;, Sunday, K A. .\1. April! I (‘luly 'X Mot-ling
following In flu: program “mum. lo \1 '
“’1' H‘” N)" ""“m'” T'“'”' .Ipi'II 1 ‘Noivunin (‘lub Vic
'lily 1'” 'ii'm P- M- 1“ H". t'uut'I-l'l, I.till|ll.’t' li'iill‘
{.(tiilfiiill‘I INIIIII‘I‘NI‘III‘IZUUHfl‘tlilll I" 3L ' '
' itu‘u cru u» calm. iy . -. . , , . ..
Munr'acnl; “Morch Him”, ‘\lill,l.|,mm7 :‘I.):‘:l[:lllilllL\i 'IHM'
"I [l""'i‘lk"“"“k~"i “(‘"lw‘ir‘" April  l'lussli'ul l‘lllb
l" u “I” MIN" N!" L" mwvilug, l.ouugo.7:.’ili l’. .\I.
Fri-d l'r-rria. April 5: [international lio-
l'rtiﬂl‘ll’m- iution.~ t‘lub tuvoilng,

I'III‘ZSH BUREAU Lounge. 21:30 1'. M.

At n-wntmcollngof f'rn-ss .Iprli 55 liappu Phi Kappa
Iilll'l'iiil .\Ir. I'aul (l. iiui- inwiiug. Loungo, 7:30
gar, vim-principal of MIlItc. 1'. .‘i.
uccoplod the position of la-
culty adviser of tho liurcau

 

April :I (‘hoss Club meet»
lug. ltootu 30-1. 7:30 P.1'il.

 

 

 

. .aiay at the Henry Hud:

activities and recreational

 

   

’1. 
.- . ‘3

{RES 

     

 

 

 

STUDENTS
COMING TO NEW YORK

a vacation or as a permanent residence this popular
club-hotel is particularly suitable. Iis vorieo cultural

for energetic mind: and bodies. Six lounges. Five sun
decks. Library. Music studios. 00 foot pool. Futl social
programs. Popular priced restaurants. Cultural,
strapping and amusement areas all nearby.

SPECIAL STUDINT AND TACULTY IATIS
Single $2.00 daily, "2.00 weekly
Double $3.50 dolly, $16.00 weakly

l200 ROOMS WITH BATH

HGTEL

"3 WIII' 57th "INT 0

'I John Paul Slack, General Manager
I III-IIIICIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIII'.

 

on Hotel. For a week-end,

facilities provide oxercua

tiEAD UAIIIIIII
AMERICA WOMAN‘S
ABSOClAIION

 

NIW YORK

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, MARCH 28, 194i

 

 

Portley Outlines 
Budget Assemblyi

The Student Association will be
forced to decide on either a vertical
or horizontal cut of next year‘s-
budget, at next Friday's assembly, in l
the opinion of James Portlcy, '43.l
member of Finance Board. -‘

A vertical cut would affect each,
organization equally. decreasing the?
appropriation proportiormlly. The
horizontal cut would deal with each
activity separately. with the possi-.
bility of elimination of some and
cuts in others.

Portlcy explained that. with only
900 paid members of Student; Asso-
ciation expected next year, the only
other alternative would be to raise
the pcr-capitn tax. He predicted the
student body would prefer the cut
system. as an increase in pcr-capita
tax might cause dccrcasz- in the as-
sociation members.

 

Board to Confer

At the time of writing. five out of
the twenty-fch organizations had
submitted their budgets. Finance
Board is arranging to confer with
activity hands before the assembly.
in order to iron out most. difficul-
ties. and allow the heads to defend
their budgets.

The present sci-up allows cvcry
sludcnt $15 worth of medical lrcnt—
mcnt from tho association's infirm-
ary fund of $2100. Any reductions
will. in all probability. cause thisl
“insurance policy" limit to be low-
ered per student.

Commenting on the situation. Ed-
ward L. Cooper. treasurer (‘f Fin»-
ance Board, SIRIUS that the final
decision rests in the hands of lin-

stutlcnt body, Coopci‘ cmphmizrd

lhnl. FIIIIIIICH Board is not a dicta-
tol'ial board. and can mcrcly rc-
commcnd a course of action.

Socks Fall (‘ollcclions

 

Cooper added that lllc work of
Finance Board

simplified if all the taxes were col- I “it'll/n Ruth

lcclcd in the fall, as Ices and claw
dues are now collected. “This way
the Board would know just how
much It would have to work with
anti could plan accordingly."

You can't fool a little fcctl‘

friend about spring migrations l'l‘lic ()nc It.
smart bird knows flint Greyhound
is the c'lsiccst way to lift home to the
family nest and back to college
again when vacation time‘s over.
The saving is plenty big—in both
time and money —— and the trip's
more fun in a Super-Coach full of
friends. There's an extra saving. as
usual, on round-trip tickets. So be
kind to your pocketbook—and to

yourselfng Greyhound.
(IRICYIIUIINI) TERMINAL
350 liroiulwuy Albany
I’lmncs ‘I—b'ltif) — 66

    

     

 

 

would be greatlyl(ia"dcpho, Alicc
Larson. and Joseph:

 

 

Breezes Front South
Herald Dorm Formal

Docs yo‘ll like Southern Fried?
Well, the Dorm girls do. Conse-
quently, the spring “Dorm
Formal” will feature Bill Grat-
tan. Albany's Great Young Band.

Amid an appropriate “Tara”
setting. the dorm belles with
their dates will dance on April
5 from 9 P. M. until 1 A. M.

Kay Peterson. '42. social chair-
man. rcrcnls. “This spring dance
which traditionally follows Soph
SOII'f‘f‘ am :«urc gonna bring out
the Scarlet. O‘Hara in us all!
Conic on. all you Rhotts!"

SEB Releases List
Of Job Placements

 

Ircne Semanck, Assistant. Director
of the Student Employment Bureau.
nnnounccs the following full time
and substitute placements:

Full time: Eloise Hartmann. Cob-
lcskiii; Lois Mannheimcr. Phelps;
Mildred Nighlcngnlc, Saugertics;
Mildred Folcy, Old Forge: George
Mnllinson. Edcn; Catherine O'Brynn
Edmoslou; Anne. Rattray. Clyde;
Ruth Larson. Kindcrhook; Alberta
Frioknccht, Kindcrhook; Joan By-
ron. Kindcrhook; Lo‘s Williams.
Downsvillc; Betty Barsalaux. Hud-
son Falls; Henry DuBois, Ncwburgh.

Subslituic placements: Norma
Wells. Borne; and Jack Nordcll
Voorhccsville.

William Penney. '41. has accepted
a job at the Wulorviict arsenal.

Miss Scmanck commended the
work of the students wh I .servcd on
the studan committees for the
Bureau this year. "They did fine
work. and gnlhcrcd invaluable in—

,vcrslty of the State of New York

.Studics fraternity, is sponsoring a.

 

formation for student; looking for
jobs.”

Thc :fudcni committees invoin-‘j
Application,"

gafcd "Letters of
"Ethics of Job-hunting." and “Per-
sonal Anpcarmlcc and Dress." Ti‘osc
committees \I‘E‘rc headed by John
Abclovc. Hyman

Sclnvariz. seniors.

'I‘hc reports of the committccs have
all bccu yivcn with the exception of
tho lubululocl results of the Ethic
l-onuniilcc's tplcstiomiairc.

chd SAMPLE SAVINGS

Wuy 'l‘rip
I5illlitl0 3.90 7.05
lioclu-xlcl' 3,15 5.70
()umunluiguu 3.15 5.70
Scliocn li‘ulls 2.50 4.50

Auburn 2.50 350
Syracuse 1.05 1 .55
Illuu'u 3.30 5.05
Irllmiru 3.45 0.25
Cortland 2.05 slit)
lllnglmmlon 2,25 4.05
(nu-onlu 1.30 2.35
New York .. 1.05 3.55
(lobicskill .75 1.35
Waterloo , .. 2.05 5.15

 

 

 

onsvuuuun

ZINE!

 

 

Smith Will Interpret
Changes in Syllabus

The Board of Regents of the Uni-I

has adopted a new Social Studies
syllabus which will eliminate Re-
gents’ examinations in the social
studies until the twelfth year. Credit
will then be granted in propoytion
to the courses taken. explainec Dr.
D. V. Smith, Professor of Social
Studies.

The new syllabus will outline the
material to be covered. but will'
leave the planning of extensive units
to the local teachers. For this rcas-
on. P1 Gamma Mu, Honorary Social

series of meetings to acquaint pros-;
pcctivc teachers with what will be
expected of them.

At the first meeting. speaking on
the topic of "Principles on Which
The Program Will Be Constructcd.‘
Dr. Smith will furnish the ground-g
work for the weekly meetings to fol—i
low. It will take when in Room 2.‘
Monday, 4:30 P. M.

Catherine O'Bryan. '41, President
of Pi Gamma Mu. expresses hcr bcr
lief that the series will br- of great
value to Social Studies tcachcrsﬂ,
“These meetings can be comparodb
to the seminars and honor courscsl;
taken in other colleges without I
direct credit, because of the valuel;
gained by those attending."

 

 

in S/J/emlor

Or

at tho Soph Soil-co!

 

 

 

 

 

\ . .  ..,_~m,.w.~».»-a«.wwm«—mu w  -

 

BOOTH
SERVICE
CONGENIAL
MODERN
ATMOSPHERE

“Sm-ring] delicious food 2/, hours a day"

HAMBURG GROUND FRESH FROM PRIME S'I‘EER BEEF

(,‘OMI’IJC'I‘E IIINNICRS IIAILY FROM 400 I0 050

PLENTY OF
PARKING SPACE

 

231 Central Ave.

The flow
MORRIS DIIEII

H. Monette, Prop

 

       
     
     
      

    
     
     
 

FRESH

    
       
 

PASTRIES

      
 

EVERY

 
       
 

SIX HOURS

        
           
     
         

 
 

 

WE NEVER

Albany. N. Y. CLOSE

 

 

 

 

 

 

Looking to lui'c a lud'.‘

exclusive with Myers

mew/ft?

Draw Tamar/f

Sophisticach jersey

. and iugouuo mousscliuc-dc-soic in designs

EVENING FASHIONS — SECOND FLOOR

m

  
   
 

Lot our evening fashions aid and abet you

  
 
   
 
 
  

Sophomore
Soiree

romantic chiffon

- _ 16.95,,m119.95

 

