 

     
  

  

 

25th
Year
Established May, 1916

By the Class of 191 B

 

Vol. XXV 'li‘l'ldlly, February 14, 1041

Distributor
Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate neWSpaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS lloard for the Student Association.
Telephones: Office. 5-0373: Murray, 2-0888; Clark, 4-0373
Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postofjice.

No. 15

Member
Associated Collegiate Press

 

IIPIIIINTIB POI NATIONAL ADVIIYIIINU IV

National Advertising Service, Inc.
‘ Collage Publishers Representative

420 MADICON AVI. NEW YORK. N. V.

CHICAGO ' BOIVOI ' L0! IIIILII ‘ SAN romance

The News Board
JOHN A. MURRAY .. _ ..

BEATRICE A. DOWER .. - -
STEPHEN A. KUSAK _ _ _
RALPH CLARK _ .. _ - auaINEss MANAGER
IE‘I'TV PARROTT _ _ _ - ADVERTISING MANAGER
JAMES MALONEY .. _ _ _ _ sson‘rs EDITOR
WILLIAM DORRANCE _ _ _ - AasocIATE EDITOR
EDWIN HOLSTEIN _ _ _ - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
HARRY PASSOW _ _ _. _ _ AssocIATE EDITOR

 

_ EDTTOR-lN-CHIEF
(SO-MANAGING EDITOR
CO-MANAGING EDITOR

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon rcrucsr.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no i-esponsliillty
for opinions expressed in its coluuins’ or communicalions.
as such expressions do not necessarily rodent its view.

What's the Point, lra?

Student Association has passed many res-
olutions and it has defeated many. Most of
these resolutions were at least worthy of
consideration. But once in a while a resolu-
tion pops up that is so inane and so point-
less that it deﬁes any serious consideration.
Such a resolution is scheduled for intro-
duction today. It requires “business and
advertising managers of State College pub-
lications and other organizations receiving
Student Association funds to be commerce
majors.”

Let’s think this resolution over, for it is
obvious that Mr. Hirsh has not done so. In
effect, it dictates that only commerce ma-
jors are competent enough to administer
Student Association funds. This slaps
many, many people in the face, Mr. Hirsh
——including yourself. Passage of this reso-
lution would make Mr. Hirsh’s position as
treasurer of Debate Council an untenable
one inasmuch as Mr. Hirsh is an English
major. Or does Mr. Hirsh by his own reso-
lution intimate the incompetency of him-
self or any other non-commerce major?

The defeat of the Hirsh Resolution will
prevent the unwholesome duplication of ex-
perience and over-specialization that should
be avoided in a worthwhile allied-curricular
setup. Mere exposure to high finance in the
classroom of these commerce majors is no

 

 

 

 

   
   

    
  

   
   
  

  
   
   

    
  
   

   
   
  
  
 
    
    
  
    
  

 

  
   

  
  

 
 
 
   
      
    

 

m!

 

 

 

 

FNS a Convent?

 

its members? "

concerned: that it is a highly un-

I‘ather than toward a desirable so-
cial life; that it creates egocentric
males. and important. frustrated

the four years when prospective
teachers should be experiencing a
hapm’. normal. wholesome and well-

pective teachers are laying the basis
for a narrow. selfcentered and un-
natural later life. which is particu-
larly unfortunate because other peo-
ple‘s children will probably be
harmed by such teachers.

We think it is high time that the
student and faculty leaders of this new. Nearly everyone has conceded
school sat down together and de—
cided at least one thing: “Is Fre- but yet no one has made a real
donia Normal School going to turn
into an institution with some of the
characteristics of a convent. or is
it going to be a college where normal
school relations are possible for all

At the risk of being trite. we are
going to bring up again the un-
healthy ratio of men to women in
this school. Our feelings on this sub-
ject are shared by very nearly all

natural situation leading away from
and dateless females; that during

rounded social life. those same pros-'

"The Civil Liberties Union will hear about this i"

the undesirabiiity of the situation.

effort to better it. The smug male
students have been too content; a
few of the female students have
hooked those smug males for better
or worse; the great majority of the
rest say nothing, for fear of bringing
embarrassing publicity upon them—
selves; some faculty members have
achieved their normal social life and
are not concerned over the lot of
the students; and others of the fa-
culty have not achieved a normal
social life and are likewise not con—
cerned over the lot of students.

It seems to us that, if the present
trend continues. it might be well to
recognize and plainly state that this
institution cannot offer a normal
social life. that it must be conceded
some of the characteristics of a con-
vent.

But we firmly believe that if the
problem is faced and the leaders of
this school are willing to make the
effort, that a thoroughly wholesome
and full social life may be offered
to all.

 

 

 

guarantee of a more efficient administration
of funds for were this true they would be
successful in the open competitions held for
these offices.

Mr. Hirsh has missed the ferry. The solu-
tion to our financial problem rests in the ful-
fillment of last spring’s campaign pledges.
What we need is the long promised uniform
system of bookkeeping for all organizations
andannual auditing of these standard records
by Finance Board. If Mr. Hirsh has the real
interest of the Student Association at heart,
why does he not take steps toward the es-
tablishment of uniformity and auditing for
State College finances? The Hirsh Resolu-
tion as it stands should not even be
seconded, much less passed.

 

Smoke Rings

There was a time in the history of State
College when no smoking war allowed any-
where on the campus, either inside or outside
the buildings. (How would these nicotine
fiends survive if that law were still enfor-
cod?) However, when women students took
up “the art,” Dr. Brubacher thought it nec-
essary to designate one room in the college
Were smoking Would be allowed.

When this concession was first granted, it
was considered a privilege by the students,
but the present generation of State students
thinks it suffers from rough treatment.

It matters littlc what you or this commis-
sion thinks about restricted smoking while in
college. The fact remains that a law has
been laid down by the administration, and
that there exists sufficient grounds for the
regulations as a fire preventative.

 

 

-—-—The

 

At the start of the new semester
we find ourselves “litei'ily” loaded
with talkablc topics. Shakespeare,
.S'lolcsnum. State's stage past and

Conning the Campus

Critic

 

 

on this subject see the Junior Issue
lnext week).

You’ve seen signs “Washington
Slept Here" about the countryside,

future, and music are a few of thebut did you know that 3111 snake-

mentionable matters.

By way of inventory, the plays of
first semester may be checked off as
representative of Advanced Drama-
tics. Experimentation with student
written plays was a noteworthy in-
novation. The few exceptionally
good productions overshadow the
plateau of mediocrity attained by the
majority of the plays.

Next Tuesday’s one-actors will put
the new show on the road. Miss
Real's melodrama concerns the dyingr
struggles of Old Man Death. It is
reminiscent of Philip Frcncuu’s
House of Night, :1 long poem written
about 1760. Miss Coarscy will bal-
ance this with a pleasurable com-I
mentary on the age-old struggles of
a bachelor against the quicksands of]
matrimony.

’l‘hc Hlalosnum made a memorable ’
comeback lust Week with a second
edition which obscured the short-
comings of its first. With an ut-
tractivc and distinctive cover, a}
decided improvement hi literary
value, and it lighter ovcrall trout-
Iucnt the issue comes closer to being
an organ of college thought than
ever before. But the use of two
pages for sick pictures is a deplor-
able and unjustifiable waste of space.
A montage would include more pic-
tures and therefore be more effective
in revealing life at State. (For more

spcarc is going to spend a night at
Stale? Joe IBury the Dead) Withcy,
aided and abetted by his former com-
rades of last year's Advanced Dra-
matics class, is busy organizing and
rehearsing several scenes from
Handel, Mm-l/clh, Taming of lite
Shrew, and [Ivory lilo Il'ourlll. ’I‘hc
slurs of lost ycur’s Door Brutus will
shine again as they bring to State its
just finished presentation of the
bard's immortal characters. The
group is seeking to present Shukc-
spcarc in a popular manner which
will appeal to all students and thus
answer a definite need of State’s
stage. This is on cxumplo of arc
(/rallu mils, in which the cost of
costuming and production is the
only financial success desired.
Speaking of answering State's
needs. we would like to hour more of
Tony lngoglia's classical "vic" con—

Reprinted from The Normal Leader—-
The above observations are not

certs. They are a musical education I

in themselves. An increase in at-
tendance at any State activity is a
barometer of popularity. Music has
charm to soothe the frayed nerves of
every stoogcnt.

For those of us who like to relax
in a wigeg way, the forthcoming
swing concert should prove a wei-
come tonic. Needless to say this is
another Welcomed innovation.

Lack of space prohibits our picking
the Prom Queen.

I

l
"I‘ouI l'l‘ul‘lllil” will lw ll\’llll  il‘lllim': “hurt 
:llili' lol‘ distribution lo I}, \l A “I “m' M]
‘I‘Illllllll'l'l'l" sludI-nls Monday,  «I . ' I ..
Hill lllu- lllll'll Illilll' IIl' llI'IIpI'I' I'm.“ I'llnllllnlLlffm';iplllf‘ “H”
“I \IIllIoIn. illuoullu Fill“ In mu" Fun“ Nu".
‘ v - l L'. ' ' .x i I
I “(Hlm-‘I'lwlllvr' I’Voo‘uu lfII lIIIld «III, i ill
' ITALIAN rl‘l," l"1'l‘l L‘ll llilI‘l‘lilllllllllll lll‘lll-

H . Imus l'lIIlI, III'. in. \'

llll'lt' will he II llll‘l'lliiL’ of \' .- - .
llll‘ llullIIu l‘lulI on w,“ illiftlul‘} umml" hump"
homily, lII‘Ilw Mona-n from I'm. so Hl'l'\ll‘l' Iv‘nIIm-nuv
I In .I III ’I'. t. I Swing Inna-«n, In...“ “all

l'ouy hurdlu'o. .\IIIllIoI'iIInI. 8:“? l'. . .

II'I'hlITI‘lII. l"l'll 'Jl liuslII-Ilmll: NIIIII‘
IN'I'ImNA'I‘IoNAI.  H  “WI/wit. More
ItIcLA'I'IoNI-I (mun . “ . '-‘”" R I" 3"

’l‘hl- lIIlI-I'nullouul lTl‘lll l'i’," J‘li "mm",- i'rnm'. m
lions l‘luh \vl‘ll iiil'l'l lu lln- Um”,  Wt‘};."”"“ Hm"
 .I     
. . :. . r. ionuul V. ‘ “ i. I ‘ “"0"”
hi’lillll. Professor of Social “l Jm'kﬁ “"smumm' w
Studios, will ho lln- Hlil'iilfl'l', IIIII'IIHL, In” “mm , u

Allrcrlu ll‘rlcluim'hl. lu'lo R I H‘ n’ w
,. , , I ..
Prwmmw . mt”) Illlzllllli, Alumni litsl

Liberalism Amongst the Berserk
The Commentstater

In a world that is gradually going berserk, we at
State College should feel particularly thankful. We
should feel thankful, not alone that tragedy and terror
have yet to knock at our portals, but that our adminis-
tration and faculty choose to pursue a course of nor-
malcy and liberality in these times of stress.

Life at State goes on at a nearly normal pace.
Students play basketball during the gymnasium per-
iods. They do not go through the manual of arms.
Censorship has not been clamped down on our publica-
tions. Faculty members do not sit in on student
council meetings or dictate student association pro-
grams. Our men’s lives and activities have not; been
poured into a rigid mold of house rules, dictated by
house fathers. Women’s house rules, the most easily
straitjacketed phase of college life, remain as liberal
as usual.

Material to be printed in the News and Statesman
is not submitted to a Goebbels-like faculty adviser for

 

 

 

examination. Independence and self-
Free From reliance are the keynote of the adminis-
Faculty tration’s healthy attitude toward us.
Censorship Women have moderate hours during the

week and late hours on weekends because
the administration has faith in their discretion.

No mere lip service is paid to liberalism. Our faculty
and administration are broad-minded in every sense
of the word. We, the students, are securing a liberal-
arts education in a liberal institution. No attempt has
been made and no attempt is being contemplated to
revise the present status of relations between faculty
and students. In the innumerable contacts between
professor and pupil in this college of tWelve hundred
students, our teachers never forget that they are deal-
ing with men and women of adult mind and body.

This is not so at many institutions in this country.
A large number of colleges treat their male and female
populations like children. This treatment comes not
as the result of a sudden national emergency. but is
part of a long-worked out policy of restriction and
infantile intimidation. Just as State College progres-
sivism has evolved through the years in one direction,
so did the reactionary policy of many other colleges
evolve in another direction.

There is no need to go into great length and detail
explaining their reaction. It is simply the complete
negation of the position that State College authorities
have taken toward our student body.

Once the student has committed himself to enroll-
ment in such an institution, he finds himself all but
owned body and soul by that institution. Faculty and
I administration rule with an iron hand all
OGPU Style manifestations of student activity. They
I’revalent dictate press policy and control student
Elsewhere meetings. Worst of all. life outside of

school is rigidly supervised. Men’s and
women's group house hours begin almost after night—
fall. In OGPU style. house mothers occupy listening
posts on the telephone line, and spy upon the conversa-
tions of their wards. They have charge of central light
switches by which they control hours for retiring. They
enforce study rules in police matron-like style.

Shameful measures like this are not the part and
parcel of State College. Our administration has never
stooped to such measures. For this we are thankful.
There is nothing we at State College treasure more than
our academic and social freedom.

Progress towards even more liberal and progressch
goals is probably not possible in times such  these.
IHowever, we can only hope and pray that in more
auspicious times, we will be able to continue our pro-
gress towards these ideals. In the meantime, we must
hold on to what we have. There must be no retro-
gression. Our progress towards this ideal of liberalism
may be temporarily halted, but it must not be reversed.

 

 

 

 

The Weeklwa-dleitin‘ 

 

H'I‘I'IH'JN'I‘ I').\II'IA)\'.\IICN'I‘ NIH'IAI. (‘.\I.I'I.\'I).\lt
III'IIIMI' ! I-u-II, II Imam-z \\'IIl‘lIl smr
' Seniors and HT‘lIllllTlll' sIu. ‘ m'ul Sir-crim- lv‘uud, I‘om‘
‘lll‘lllH :II‘I' l'I-qllvslI-Il IO I‘llllll' ; ":“ms- "3'", I" “4
Io Ilu- SludI-III l‘,‘|lllllU_\‘llII‘lll ‘ l"“‘- H “""“"”‘i‘” """““l‘
llIII'I-uu iIIIIIImlluII-Iy Io lill : “" "ll'i‘m “""im'" “'1'
uul m'ln-dulo curds l'ol’ IlII-l‘ l“‘l~’|'\ll'1|i-il' “I!” “Alli. 7
.wroIIIl sn-Inosler. ‘ ' ‘ ‘
“on” ﬁlmm'wk 1 bob. ll lili‘lu'lllilllﬁ Niall-
l “WNW ' I \‘s. l‘luIInhIIrg l'ugl- llull
' i linu, ts '. .\l. lIIIIII-in:
.\"l'.\'l‘l‘2 (THAT. I i'l‘ll'l' Willi"-
.gylyllxlypluy ‘ l"l‘ll. |.'I Sigma Lambda
l'lw slalv I-quuiqulon for ‘ Tum“  N,“ I)” “ H"
illllll‘IIHll of IIl'Ill work in l I; 'IUHTI'..\.”” 11"" .
l"l'l'lll‘ll. Iil‘l'illilli. lI:Ili:III, .‘ "if ’1: .anP ( "min" TH-H
and Spanish will ln- given I ',""_' Ml “mlwa Mil"
|IIIl:I_\ ln ltmIIIi '.'U of ltlI'lI "“h'l (.hulwh' “MINI,”
“Mm” “H” “I I I, M. ,Hw and Main .\\I‘Illlt'S, ll
.“M'i'”:“””"”| l5 "ll“'“ "‘ "H l'lilTi-  NIIIIlI-IIH ‘Ilill “I
.wno'x on: ‘l'lll Halo 5 . - ' . ‘. ‘ ‘
lll‘lllu who \\'l:'ll ll» l‘l‘l'l'lll'll' “ﬁll.” (Imnuimﬁllm: Ill-Ill“
approval in any IIlil' ol' lhI- “l l.,' iwmlm‘ “dam
:Ilum- foreign languages. ,””\l;l “ “HIIHHI‘IM'H' ""50
IIIII'oIIl (l. 'I‘lIoIIIpnou, Isl,” '1,‘ VOWHHH “In”
"1"""I"r' ('lllﬁll‘lll "\'iI-" I'lllll'l'l'l.
(-0“_l.-”.“,“ ‘l.ouugl~. il:.'ill l', \l.
Th“ WWII“. ll‘ll. lb .\Il\‘.IIII'I-Il lll'll

lhhlll‘

of III“

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, l-‘RIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1941

Maloney's
Baloney

  

——J.R.M.
S. S. "State" Sinking

 

 

Teachers Meet Plattsburg
On Local Boards Tonight

Purple and Gold Basketballf'Team Drops Two Decisions
On Weekend Trip, Losing to Hobart and Oswego;
Hank Brauner Bright Spot of Dull Campaign

 

 

The State College varsity cagers will play their first home game in

The ship of State, which We re- ovcra month Ionightatiirso when they brush up against the l’lattsburg

r

ferred to last week as being torpcd-l
oed from all angles, is listing badly » r 

as a result of two more deadly hits F I h E
res men ngage

suffered during last weekend cruise
to the wcst.

At this stage of the game, this dc- ‘
partinent is on the verge of aban-
doning ship. Four more contests
await the Purple and Gold bask-
eteers between now and the season's
end. Personally. we can't see a State
victory in any of the four meets if
past performance is any sort of an
indication of what the team will do

in the future. . . .
A . , l search of than first victory, will meet
There seems to be some sentiment Albany BUSmCSS College tonight in

that tonight‘s clash with Plattsburg l the Pa,e Ha“ , m at 7.30_
will see the Teachers break their 5 Ey
long string of defeats. In fact, Jim W .
Chapcll, manager of basketball, is'UHltlc ban'

 

Yellow Devils Lose to Delhi,
Trying New Zone Defense;
Combs Scores Fourteen

 

 

I The frosh Yellow Devils. still in

The Business Boys have played
They took a terrific

ABC Cage F ive.

I‘eachcrs in a return engagement at Page Hall.

Coach Ed Redclay's boys are noted
for their penetrating offense and fast
break. They used this very effect-
ively in the first encounter between
these two squads earlier in the sea-
son, defeating the Statcsmcn by a
46-38 score.

Possibilities for tonight are rather
good. Plattsburg only beat us by 8
Ipoiiits on their own court. The fact
that this game will be played on the
Page Hall boards will give us a defin-
ite advantage which may make up

score.
Defeated Twice
Since exams. the Purple and Gold

 

r " - la: suffcrld two defeats. One was
shaking his Shm on a Wm. Gonna beating liom GIccn Mountain Junior 1 s s L

be pretty cold without a shirt,

this wean” 1. Jim, good New Paltz Normal Collcgc team.

in College and then handily trimmed a at the hands of Hobart by a score

of 54-42 last Friday. The other saw

Incidentally, this evening's contest, predict the so” of team they Wm put “Ohm 4341 the following night.

will provide the first chance in al-‘(m the floor tonight,
most two months for the boys to en-

Joy the “mmmnm home court .ad' tioning is that Business College lost
vantage. The hard-fought thriller to Albany Academy by ten points
Wm} Sign" Wm be recallw €15 moi while the Yellow Devils lost to them
last‘battlc on the boards 01 Pagelby only “nu. points_and that be_
coming just before Christmas recess; fore they switched to a zone defense.
The return to the home dribbling , |
grounds may be just the stmulus the 1 KW" “Mel's” U59“
team needs for victory. chartllcss.l Thc frosh used the zone defense
we‘d like to remind readers that lhisl for the first time last Friday against
will be one of the last opportunities the Delhi Agg‘ics. The final score of
to see the lcam in action on Page.‘ 44 to 35 in favor of the Aggies does
The St. Mikc game. booked for al‘not tell the entire story. The Aggies
week from tonight will be the lastjw'lﬂl'lcd fast fmd led at the 011d 01
intercollegiate contest on the '40-'41 the first quarter 16 L0 8. The Yellow
season to be played at State. Devils settled down after that and
Sports statistician Kaufman sup- “"3 Aggl‘w “Wde W011,  
plies the following info on rcccnt‘om‘V mic l’f‘,‘“”"“lc “‘01? ‘1. lad
St. Michael games: St. Mike's 78.? um? mung. 2‘) to 10' I“ he qun
Norwich 58' New Hampshire 57. St. m“ UK.) {will 00”.“ “0L Ovmwmc
Mike's 45. l23 points in two games. ‘ the A3905 “"10 Douit lead, but kept
Not bad. ch? Speaking of high I 1m“. mm “mm m bCOImB'
scores, was Sicna‘s collective l‘ach‘onIhs High Scorer
rcd a fortnight back when Si. An- 1.1,“.VQVOI'Delhl took scoring hon-

sclm plowed thcm under, 73-42!
- played his usual good game and led
Slate vs' Umon and RPI ithc l‘rosh attack with 14 points. Bill

Intramural Council is working OIIFoI-rest followed with nine points.
plans to bring top—ranking Intra- IL is m be expected “mt Coach

mural cage teams from Stat“- ilmi I Danilcwlcz will be able to hnprovc the

Union and RP[ logclhcr in games to
be played in Albany. Troy.
Schenectady.

frosh zone defense after seeing it in
am] ! action. With improved defense and
scoring of the brand shown in the

SOmCUmC (“Wing “1‘7 mm” W”! last game, the l‘rosh may fare better

of this month. State's intramural
league leaders will Inch RPI‘s first
team in Page Hall. The second]
teams of both leagues will clash on Camp Johnston Jaunt
the Troy court on the same evening!
On March 1. State‘s top intra-
mural five of that date will journey
to Schenectady to langlc with the
Union chumps. Runner-up lI'ulnx shoes,
from boll] colleges are booked for InI-mbcrs will leave the
a tussle in Page.
A bit involved. but it sounds good!

I in the future.

and skiis. a group of WAA

slon. Mary Susan Wing, caption of
-4 Lotto Bunkers. announced another
\I’I'ckclid ul. Challunn, this time
scheduled from today through Sun—
day.

l)c:~.pitc the luck of enough snow

St. Rose, WAA Girls
Will Practice Basketball

in addition lo the rcgulnrly \I'lldl‘l'llchh of Clmthum

“HI-unmmj huﬁkpl— good territory for winter sports at
include getting lots of Bicep, plenty
of IIppcIizlng food. and many crcdits
for winter sports activities.

will be u proclin session with it
from representing lhc College of St.
Rose on Madison Avenue.

The chncsduy contests lil'l‘ part
of the league championship tilt»
which Ell’lliilil‘ Grounds. (:nptnill,‘
plans to oomph-lo by the end 01‘
February

No games Wl’l'l‘ pluycd lust Wl‘(l<‘
ncsduy duc lo the college holiday.
As a result. lioriu ii from still loads
with lhrcc wins and no low-s

 

TRADE AT
YOUR
COLLEGE
HABERDASHER

 

 

Foo STATE COLLEGE BOWLERE .

E 1’ MEN’S
 I éSNAPPYSI'IOP

WESTERN AND QUA'L I MANHATTAN SHIRTS

156  ADAM HATS

FROM 9:00 A. M. TD 6:00 P. M.

22I CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

I II7 S. PEARL

 

Iors with 16 points while Bob Combs

Features Winter Sports“n tonight-

lt‘quippcd with a Ioboggan, snowl__F._E___.__WALDORFiﬁgﬁhen

Dorm this‘
,iil'll’l‘lltmll at 4:30 for Camp John-i

hero for skiing and tobogguning. the.‘

I NEW
. provides  I u x e d o s
scheduled WAA ‘ I :
ball games Wednesday night. llll‘l'l' llIc prom-III tune. Plans of the girls

The first defeat might be attri-

One significant point worth men- l butcd in part to State's long layoff,

but the Hobart club showed deliber-
ate, slow but sure. offensive strength

lwith which State could not cope.

A weary State College fivc took the
floor against Hobart. but before they
had become acclimated to real play,
the Hobartians had run the score up
to 28-19 at the half. In the second
stanza the Stutcsmcn fought a game
up—hill butlc, but were unable to
overcome the home towncrs.

at Oswcgo is quite unknown.

but the final score. At intermission
time, the Purple and Gold lcd 21-13,
but Oswcgo closcd fast and though
still three points behind with fifty-

 

,I‘ivc seconds to play, the normal
school pulled the game out of the
fire with :1 Garrison finish.

 

[irauncr Bright Spot

points or over in the last five games,
threw in five field goals and a free
throw to lead the State offensive
, with 11 points. His play has been a
bright spot in an otherwise dull cam-
paign.

, Practically the only optimistic note
{to be found in the entire student
‘ body concerning the basketball squad
came from James Chapel], the team
manager, who said, “We're going to
In fact, I'll bet my

 

 

shirt on it!"

 

. I
f..- .//////0/‘

Prom

HUNDREDS AND HUNDREDS OF

FOR HIRE

YOU'LL FEEL AT
EASE AND LOOK
BETTER

In a
Waldorf
'Tux'

 

SEE WILL MULLER

 

 

WE ARE A SPECIALTY HOUSE.
STRIVING TO DO ONE THING
AND TO DO ‘1' WELL—DEALING ‘
lN MEN‘S FORMAL ATTIRE EX- l
CLUSIVELY ‘

Waldorf Tuxedo Co. l

"IIIcII's Formal WeIIr—lhcluslvoly"

 

 

 

452 BROADWAY 2ND r’LooIi

 

i
l

 

l

the difference shown by the first

 

'pagc
wm‘ Sue“ “ "word' it 1“ (“mum to OSWCEO Shade “‘9 Statesmen by one basketball is not in full swing again.

I

I
1

Whatever happened the next nightl
state day last. Potter Club won by 20
outclassed 1m. rival m everything pOIIlLs over the Ramblers, and BAR,

 

 

 

 

OPEN EVENINGS BY APPOINTMENT

 

I
i
I Ol‘l‘.POSTOI’I'-'ICE PHONE4-50l1

‘ ‘ﬁzig‘ii'iiiibi‘gg gig—gillgl

 

 

 

 

Hank Brauncr, who has hit ten

1

l

 

!

I

 

Betty Clark Returns
To Aid 1. R. Maloney

Happy days are here again.
The skies above are clear again.
Let us sing a song 0/ cheer again.
Happy days are here again.

Clarkie, or for the benefit of
the ilLShmel‘l, Miss Betty Clark,
Sports Editor
of the State
College News,
1939—1940, is te
in town for
the weekend.
And we must
raise three
cheers for in
Irish because,
b e g o r rh h ,
Clarkie has a
job—a job in
the Malverne Public Library.

Clarkie will be in attendance at
the Piattsburgh game tonight to
help Maloney cover it. And
woe be unto the members of the
varsity and freshman squads if a
loss occurs this evening.

 

 

 

 

tc

collegiate victories,

PAGE?

State .Chessmen ,

Lose to Colgate

Team Blames Ovarconlldanea
For Loss to Red Raiders
By One Point Margin
After piling up a string of inter-

State's chess
am was finally forced to bow to

 

 

Colgate 3-2 in a postponed match
which took place last weekend.

This match was one of the most

important for our pawn-pushers, for

this contest they expected to

clinch the Upper Hudson Valley
Chess League championship. This is
the first year that this league has
operated, and since the Statesman
were very instrumental in the forma-
tion of the loop, they wanted to win
this championship above everything
else.

Team Ovcrconfident

State undoubtedly had the better
am. However, after having scored

it i. '. ftl b. t
Delays Retard cage llivnc ores oveisomeo 18 est cams

Play in lntramurals

 

Contrary to statements on this to
last week.

the East, our chessmen evidently

became ovc-rconfident for this cru-
cial match. They played too reck-
lcssiy and consequently were forced

surrender quickly. Moreover,

men's illtl'ﬂmm‘ﬂl Steve Show, the number one man on
the chess team, did not play. George

Games scheduled for Tuesday eve- Erbsteln, sixth man on the squad,

ning were postponed “because of re
conflict with other activities."

 

Standings Wednesday

Won Loni
(‘olh-m- lloum- . . . . . . . . . .. 7

I'olII-I- ('IulI . . , . . . . . . . . . .. ll 33 .

“l‘illlh . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. II 2‘ bl

Kl)“ . , . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . f} If

"A II . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . f) T

liuppu lh-lu . . . . . . . . . . . . .. l t St

Ihuublors . , , . . . . . . . . . . . .. ‘3 7

SLR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I 7

Iioplwrh . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 0 7 T]

 

In Ihc contests played on Thurs— 5”

bad conditions of the

placed him, and he lost his game.

John Hoosc and Jim Gillan like-
wise failed to add a point to State's
score. Art Fox won his game, as did
Roy Sommers, and thus the final
score was Colgate 3, State 2.

law's Absence Felt

The absence of Shaw’s name from

ate's lineup was certainly felt. Had

he played, there would have been a
good possibility of winning his game.

its one point meant the difference

between a victory and a defeat for

ate.

Due to the wintry weather and the
roads for

playing smooth ball, pinned defeat traveling, the chess team has no

 

number two on the dcpictcd forces in

Lei-collegiate matches arranged for
e near future.

 

   

of thc Grads. th

  
  
 
  

music.

3 .,f

i

Four generations have enloyed
the refreshing goodness of
ice-cold Coco-Cola. lls pleasing
Taste always leaves a cool,
clean after-sense of complete ro-
froshmonl. So when you pause
throughout The day, make it
the pause That refreshes with
ice-cold Coco-Cola.

liolllcd under authority of'l'hc

With relaxing

..pause and

WWW

 
  
 

Drink

W.
lMAllr. MAM!

\ l)(‘ll( inns IIll(l

F'c

 Rollrsli I ll g (/1.

YOU TASTE ITS QUALITY

(Inca-Cola Company by

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO.

226 N. ALLEN STREET

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

   
     
    

  
      
    
   
  

 
  
   
       
   
 

M..." 9.;

   
  

  
   
   
   
    
  
    
    

 

 

 

 

  
   
    
  
 

     
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
   
 
    
     
   
   
   
  
  

