   

 

 

  

 

 
 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1941

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May, 1916
by the Clan of 1918

  

Vol. XXVI
Distributor

Member
Auﬂllt'lilleil Collegiate Preu Collegiate Digest

The under 'rﬂduute newspaper of the Sew York Store Col-
lege for 'il'geuehers published every Friday of the college

your by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Office, 5-9373; Dorranee, 3-2843; Holstein, 4-0378
(irimwnld, 8-9538
Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postoﬂice.

IIPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIIND IV
National Advertising Semce, inc.
College Pn‘llrhn Representative

420 MADIION AVI. le You. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' BOIVOI ' MI RIIILII ' SAI FIAICIICO

Friday, September 20, Iii-ll .\'o. 0

 

The News Board

WILLIAM R. DORRANCE - - —
EDWIN J. HOLSTEIN - -

A. HARRY PABSOW - . .
MADELINE GRUNWALD -
HARRIET DEFOREST - .
ALLEN SIMMONS - .
CARL MITCHELL - - . .
MURIEL SCOVELL - . .
DAVID SLAVIN - - ..
ANDREW TAKAS - - .

@2

inmnnieiilions should be addressed to the editor and
"Allllﬂlmlie signed. Names will be Withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibilliy
for opinions expressed in its columns or coininuniui'lloiis.
as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect its \lt'W.

Wake Up, Frats

Unless fraternities postpone bidding of
freshmen until Christmas, or spring, or even
until next fall, State College will soon witness
the most vicious, cut-throated, unorganized
rushing in its history.

Whereas in the past each fraternity has
had six or seven social affairs at which to
meet and make friends with freshmen, this
year each fraternity has but two. Last year
all four fraternities kept about twenty-five
dates with freshmen; this year all four com-
bined have only eight—approximately what
one had last year. Such a cut has resulted
from the re-organization of the college social
calendar by Miss DeLaney. This has elimin-
ated all non-weekend affairs. Even weekend
dates are at a premium, because they have
been filled with college functions.

Two affairs do not afford sufficient oppor-
tunity for fraternity men to become the
friends of freshmen.

Already fraternity men are talking of
mass fraternity invasions of the men's dorm-
itory and raucous drinking parties as a sub-
stitute for the organized rushing which has
been denied to them.

If this is to be prevented (and it may have
to be if fraternities want to survive as or-
ganized campus groups), Interfraternity
Council must prolong the organized rushing
period. Weekend affairs over a longer period
of time will have to take the place of former
non-weekend affairs. This will integ‘ate well
with the Orientation Program and will also
give the freshmen more time in which to
make up their minds.

Think it over, frats. Your survival may de-
pend upon it.

It Can Be Done

Last week. the NEWS mentioned a Stu-
dent Union in the Farrell Mansion as the
serious conside 'ation of the Alumni and Ad-
ministsation if students could prove their
ability to keep their own property clean.

The first. sign of student determination to
coope 'ate has come already, the Publications
)i'fico seems to have been finally cleaned up.
The number of smokers lounging in the of-
iice the past week has been almost negligible.
The office has become at last a place for busi-
ness only.

if students can coope ate in this, they
should be able to coope'ate in keeping the
rest of lower Draper clean. Campus Commis~
sion has set up a number of suggestions for
students to observe. The Commission has
omitted all penalties from their list of rogu-
lations. These have no part in an intelligent
student body.

This is a year of trial. Not only Student
Union but free use of the Commons is at
stake. If students are to hold on to what they

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
CO-EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
MANAGING EDITOR
BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
CIRCULATION MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

 

Man With Sharp Appeti

)1 in i

r ‘ l
\v \ x l
. ‘ l) N“ \ l I
 \Sﬁll \ i i

 
 
      
 
  

l

I

to

‘J‘ l it I l! l I
lwillllll ill llll .illlll l'l
WILLIAM SLAUGHTER ,

EATS RAZOR BLADES AND
LIGHT BULBS TO HELP PAY
HIS EXPENSES AT NORTH-
WEST MISSOURI STATE .
TEACHERS COLLEGE! i ,
NONE FOR ME, THANKS-

 

 

 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 

dhe mrERCOLLEeiATE
1* COMMUTING CHAMP-
lONSl-ilP iS CLAIMED
BY WILLIAM HALIJSEY.
CALIFORNIA AERicuuvRAL
 COLLEGE STUDENT,
— woo ‘lilUMBS' HIS WAY
70 MILES A DAY 1o
SCHOOL!

  
  
  

  

is

  

%
\\\\§\

me

,A\\\\\\‘\\\

  

FRATERNHY AND sosoarrv
HOUSES ANNUALLY SPEND
$57,560,000 FOR FOOD!

 
   

 

MyslcTnio and Posters

 

Student

excellent backdrop for posters. Un-
fortunately, the “crummy” ones
show up just that much better. I
refer especially to the class rivalry
posters. Most of them are of the
“add-a-Iine" variety with little of
the limit concept thrown in.

There is plenty of artistic talent
in both the sophomore and fresh-
man classes. Why not put the
proposition up to some retiring soul
and give him a chance to do his bit
for State in the form of the
“oomphy” poster.

H. S.

To the Editor:

There exists at State an executive
group which is in bad need of re-
organization. This group ls Mys-
kania.

I realize that I am treading on
treacherous ground in saying that
this exalted body needs a repair
job. But not being content with
my own views on the subject, I
have asked several other students
what they thought of Myskania and
the general consensus is that Mys-
knnia is ridiculous.

 

chance for a select few to satisi‘yl

 

The Weekly Bulletin

 

 

hoplioiiioi‘o \\'lillii‘il :Il‘l' iisko-d lo i-oii-

Al. Ii, Nelson,
lli‘iiii of tho College.
li‘tHHlM S
Will .\lIilloi', ’13, has" lim-ii appointed
lo llli‘ l"oriiiii Board as Illl'l'l‘llil‘ ol‘
I'Iililli-iiy. Miss Hlili'li-y Sit-gel, '13,
will l't‘liilli lior posilloii on the board. 5
Frederick ll‘orrlu. 1
Speaker. 5
NEWMAN (iLllli
l'oi'iiinc (‘iip ion, ’Aii‘i, has been elected
to Nowniiiii (“l

 

 

have, they must cooperate.

 

of the lvidllciilion i‘oniinilieo.

 

slill \villi Miss .loliiim-n lil lil'l‘ iii‘l'loo, HiliilAli (‘AIJu‘NiiAit

l'agi- iiiiil (iyiii. sign II“ for lockers, Si'pli-inin-r Uii Hi'A l‘iioi‘ns, Lounge.
and i'iiliilili'll' pi'i-liinlnai‘y iii'i'ango— Jizﬁili i'. .\i,

Iiil‘IlIli l'oi' ln-gliiiiliii.r gl‘oi classes. Sl'llli‘lillil'l' 13d .liinioi' l'i'l'l‘lilliiil l‘ul.

iib f‘ounoli, as Illilili‘inilil Orlobor 'J Sororin Upon

 

 

Forum

Freshly painted walls make an<§>~~~~w~~w~ ~ 7....

their egocentric personalities by
furnishing an excuse to consider
themselves better than the rest of
the student body. I do not consid-
er that appointments to Myskania
are made as a reward for special
merit, but that they are the result
of the vicious system of politics
prevalent in State. However, with
human nature what it is, I suppose
that there is nothing to be done
about the system by which Mys-
kania is appointed. Therefore, any
revisions must come from within
the body itself. The revision for
which I ask for is this: that Mys-
kania use for the benefit of the
Student Association the power
which it wields over the student
body and the administration by
virtue of its position. What use has
Myskania ever made of its position
other than to act as official ref-
erees for rivalry. chapel-ones at
parties. election inspectors. or as-
sembly decorations?

I say that Myskania. if they were
what they should be. would be the
real leaders of the Student body.
I ask that Myskanla take advan-
tage of its pro-eminent position to

C. 0.

.\. IIiirry l'iINMHV, lllrooliil‘.

I’i'osliiin-ii.
lllUliri. Milli l .
l‘pli‘ililil'l' :57 I‘llliili‘i'li ’lmln- New York
T‘lallol'i‘i-iii-liors; Association l'uiilic
i-nlonii iisl lllIl' iiil"l‘llii'. ' 'o
iliili, lliziiil A. M, b In"
i'lill'llilil‘l‘ 2H Ni'lViiillil (‘iub ion for
\Vlillil‘ll, Nl'WlilliIi iliill. lizilli 1'. M.
oploniln-r ‘JH Nowninn (‘liib siiiokor
for Dawn, ’i‘iionnis‘ Moro House. 8:00

Alidlloi‘iuin :ind l'oin-
' M

 

' Iloiiso for
lresliiiien, lioiises, 7:80 P M.

 

54.6%:

The Retention of Ration
A. T.

The editorial page of the STATE COLLEGE News last
week carried two communications. One of them. the
second, is werthy of comment.

Signed "A Woman,” it consisted of an exhortation
to State men- to form on the campUS an ROTC unit.
In part it read as follows:

"Most colleges have already ‘gone over the top’
in preparing their male population to meet that in-
evitable dragon, war. The establishment of an ROTC
here at State would not be a difficult procedure—in
fact the government is very willing to help things
along . . . Certainly State men have an obliga-
tion to the United States to aid as much as possible
in national defense and preparedness. And it’s time
to start shootin' now;"

By itself, this letter is unimportant. The thing that
makes it of consequence is that it is a part of a grow.
ing fever for war—a war hysteria.

This is not the first time that the STATE COLLEGE
News has been included in a mounting feeling for war.

“A movement was launched at a meeting attended
by all the men of State College last Friday morning,
which promises to bring there a permanent and recog-
nized military company, on the plan of these or-

ganized at various other American

 

 

World War colleges . . .
Company “Dr. Brubacher said that he was
Favored strongly in favor of a military com-

pany at State College, so that if the
need should arise, State College might take her place
among the number of institutions ready to fight for
the flag . . ."
—~~— STATE Common News, March 1/,, I917
“The men of State College are proud of the part
they are taking in this movement. They are grate-
ful for the chance that has been promised them,
which will enable them to do their bit if the need
arises. They hope for peace, but if it is to be war.
they will go in a body and fight as did the men who
left this institution a half century ago for southern
battlefields."
— r S'i'Ai'ii COLLEGE News, March ll,, 19I7
“Yet that there are men (who are not
willing to assume the responsibility of defending the
nation's flag and the nation's honor) .among
us the committee can all too truly vouch for . . .
This means that we have among us the genuine una-
dulterated grape juice pacifist, the man who does not
believe in war, who refuses to take the chance of be-
ing killed by a cannon, and who is not even sure that
if a foreign foe were marching up the Hudson valley
The would take rifle in hand and go out, in defense
I of his home and loved ones, to meet
Editorial the invader. Yes, we have in the up-
Condemnation per Hudson valley a few such men.
Voiced while below us at Vassar the students
have, without a dissenting vote, pledg-
cd themselves to do their part in upholding the na—
tion's honor and integrity. Vassar women and State
College men! The former bravely facing that which
, by nature they are expected to shrink from, and the
latter cringing with fear lest they be called upon to
perform that which, from the birth of the race, has
been their sacred obligation and duty to do."
~S'rA'i'i-i COLLEGE News, May 15, [918
“Rage now disguises fair nature. Peace Days change
its War Days. Harry Lauder's wife rejoices that her
child was a boy and that she could give him for her
country. There are a hundred ways to die; one is
sweet—for one's country. Better that a thousand
should die nobly than that one should die pitiably.
i “This is not time for so-calleci open-inlndedncss.
[ "We are right, Germany is wrong. The day has
'passed when we could see one iota of right in Ger—

 

My own personal Opinion is Lhmd'iilfill its obvious purpose——t0 lead “mny'
Myskania is. at present, merely ohmic 0011080.

“It is Ail-Democracy against All-Dcpotism.“

S’i‘A’i‘li Coi.i.i~:oic News, Mai] 15, [.018 (from. o H]II‘(('/l/
‘ In all justice, it must be remembered that when
ithcse words were written. the United States was a
icountry at war. Even so. it must be admitted that
‘they are not words which show rational thought.

ﬁ'rl'nli;x'|' “Mg-g .g, I .' . _ RHUIUI'. they show the Influence of years of n lnouiit-
All silllll'lllr‘ wlio ill'l‘ planning lo] \Illi‘I‘llili;lliil'lH llllli'l treasurer of New- 111g wave of prinnigandu and chnuvinisnr
npply for n i'iilll‘l—i'l' lonn lll'l‘ in w- Miss Hiiiii‘ Iii s Iolii n- Mango rand given It took '1 car i'0' -' " ,‘ - . -.
William- on or liol'oi'o Ill‘lillll'l' l in lo (lililll'll iin-Iiilii-i's or loll iil Illi' l‘llll) ll v'Lid- [L y ‘ ' l .p‘lmmhm L0 Lulu LO JmRUNH'
"(mm “_ HMNMML mum)”. i usii .1, JUL the inescapable fact is that (\willllllllly
H(.'.v\ l"l'i‘(Ii5l'I('I( Vi'l'l'lh, IL ‘1'" “Ir”-
l"i‘osli l‘lini'ils nil-Ms l-‘i'idnj' lil 35:30 President. ’l‘mluv smut CHOJII " - ' . ' . .
,. ,L in H“, IMHW_ ,vmwvmwm,“ “Hun-Wm)“ United..%l: I I. (int. finds itself Will.(.lllilg llu
lII'tI :ilsli lil\‘lli‘il in Join this Si‘it .\ll h‘lilililiillill'l'ri iiiloi'oslod in \voi'li ] .4 L lll'th upmouch elm-V mm in“)th W011”
l‘lioi'lis, I m ‘ in“ .,.. .i... l‘iblllluiiglli‘ .m- wants-n... H, i Will, Once more Lilli} ‘propugiinda mills are grinding
Hui-v Snow. ri-v or. sign up on IhI' imHh-i- out tier ()iinioii—s ' i v ~ v n
i'ooi'iciu'rivii \’.\i‘.\N(‘\' Ion,” " m...” ., . “I , WWW? “ML” O”_"_
,. .. . I . v, rm]. ' . 1- .p. , y“ ’ ‘ "WE bill'i-Lllﬂh and newspaper repoits
.\ \iil.IlI|] s .i\.ii All in lilii o i A” hummus “,1.” 1m, “I mumqnul“ Grown"; in“ I l I ‘ '
point-palm. nuns-A .nni nny simli-ni “w, “Iv WM.“ “mum M.“ in WWII”! "1 iii“ an liliondy nionsed public a
win. lh'llll'l'i'l'sli'llv ~in.ni.i apply in llii- Mm.“ Wm, H... “Hm,” ,I, Hm mm «lllldly public that soon will be innddenod br—
l’I'HII “i \W'W'“ 1':“““l“”':“'l-‘l‘ I I iini-i-y I’llnsou' will ln- in iin- any... yond reason. The nation as ii whole ls
   “21' .‘l.  ‘ “PW”  “‘0  “rural We 01' "W
I. - .. i v .:. l .: .l,   ..
'5‘“ i I I!" I, I .\i’. Silliil'iln) morning for Iin» purpose mt My Album“ “1 “)0 “th w‘u'
I“A’lihv li:lil'lillill:lli\\‘::l‘l ‘l‘i'-:I\t-\.§I'{il:il,l\' Illillll.‘ oli llllli‘l-’\ii‘\\'lii;: [Illa-fly,Ihllllll‘iilw. m... We in; collage students mule bum “uncut”! L“ mm
' ' " - ‘ 'l‘i .' v -.  ; , . - . ,.. , l ‘ ..
.il-n Aimini i'i'pnl'i in Hill non-.- ..i' ii... ,{m'u‘mi All: iiilu'nnlhri. [hula :‘lllliixillmi‘lllllll; , Uilriil'llh dilibuiili. litttnipls to inlluence our think—
lii'nii of \\'oiii'ii lliinii-illnl‘i-lj'. .iiiii I'lilln‘llll lint H'l'lil'IlIIll’ Ilil'i'l' ﬁomi- “H” W“ m." “1" one“ WIN) HllOlll‘l ki‘ifli Lilli (:()()l(‘.‘il
“Hurullf |‘-"”I‘IA'I||III‘.\: Mg m... mum“... with ,.,.._.,, l”. “H , iil‘iids. We are the ones who should not as governors
«nu o iliill‘ . .1 Hum,“ 1.”. .._,-l‘- H ‘3' , _.
moi i'i..\ssi~;s H H "' ' ‘5 “Ni-V “‘IV‘“

for the loss pcrspiouoious.

in past years no need existed at State College for
a training course. Perhaps the man registration hu-‘i
been too small to support one, perhaps the men liltVl'
not lJUUII able In support it financially, perhaps ll

coilin not have been included in the college iiiii'l'b
ouuni.

The situation at State has not changed. What Wl‘
could not support before, we cannot support now.
Evon ii We wore to establish an officers’ training unit
on the campus, it is doubtful if it would be of any UHU
in the present crisis, for such a training program i
a matter of years.

Let us be rational. Let us not long for the sight of a
uniform. Let us not yearn for a guni

 

 

Collegiate Digest Photo by Dunlveni

Mm...w.wm-¢. “maﬁa”... .____

-mwwv

i

.3 #—

Plebes Toughon Up  Where once a lackllng dummy mighl have
hung on the playing fields at West Point, another type of dummy now
hangs, devoted to the deadly seriousness of bayonet practice. Twelve
hundred plebei. the largest class over to enter the United Slates Mili-
lory Academy, are taking an intensive course that would keep the

famous commandos “stepping.” iAcmo

 

 

 

~ is» u...

And How the Fresh like It —- Beneath the historic Chancellor’s Elm oi
Drake University, varsity "0” club men use just a little “persuasion” lo estab-
lish a mo per cent record in the annual first-week-of—school sale of freshmen
E cops. New men wear the little blue and while beanie; uniil Homecoming.

‘ co-

 

. "is “i
"am a “’0 to n
lroinin WI?“ McCllnloc: '

0 c
ﬁnd “5,, p. i

w'd" Wot Id
I

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER

“.1941

 

 

 

' a
W's:

if (inﬂi- '

pvt, ‘ .‘ ;'-. f
i‘ ' '3
HR,

 

  
  

   
 
  

      
 

  
   
       
       
           
      
       
         
     
  

 

 

  
        
        
     
   
    
     
    
 
   
     
       
       
    
    
      
     
    
     
     
         
       
   
   
        
         
      
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
     
    
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
    
          
    

    
  
  

  

 

