 
    
  

 
  
  
     
  
  
     
    
    
   
    
      
    
   
  
  

 

     
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

«m -mu.mmmmmnmiw-mmw:n 0..., ._ . ,

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1941

 

Basketball Team I
Encounters Pratt

ln Delayed Game

Purple and Gold Cagers Drop
Last Page Tilt to Alums;
Bancrolt Tops Scoring

State’s basketeers close their 1940-
41 basketball season looking for their
third win tonight at Frag}; Institlililtte
the Be ridge, Broo yn co .
and anyone Who This game lvas originally scheduled
for January 1']. A wave of illness and
injuries caused its postponement.

   

Maloney’s
Baloney

 

 

——I.R.M.

Last week the Siena News pub-
lished a “State College Edition ——
a paper devoted almost completely
to the panning of this column, the

varsity cagers, . _
thinks this institution amounts to
more than the proverbial row of

pins.

It all started back on February 20,

he unior membersbf the than average squad, hence the Feds
gm; éOLLElIE News staff took over will have to improve their relcent
the reins for the traditional Prom style considerably in order to 1ave
week issue. On that date. yours truly a chance of making *1 g°°d Sho‘: nig'
relinquished his pen to his three as- The journey is being made by W n
sistant sports editors, who split the instead of by the usual bus‘

column in three and proceeded to
air their views. Phil Kaufman was
among the trio, and it so happened
that he chose to comment on Siena
at a time when all was not going well
with the Loudonville basketeers.
Phil chided Siena for not living up
to the high reputation which pre-
season publicity accorded the team.
He emphasized the then recent de—
feats at the hands of St. Bonaven-
ture's. Brooklyn Poly, and Canisius.
To clinch the point that the Sienav
powerhouse seemed to be short-cir-
cuited. he reflected briefly on the
sudden appearance of two new fresh-
men to the Siena varsity roster. men
who to all appearances were put
there to spark the team.
The Siena News apparently re-
strained itself until after the State
slaughter at Hackett to loose the bar-
a e.
r Elna accusation, in the form of a
spontaneous ('2) letter to the Editor,
charged the News With insulting
Green and Gold players. Personally
we can’t see how criticism of a rival
team can be construed as an. insult.
Sports pages all over the nation are
full of such chiding of athletic
on s. .
g1 AinJIity to take sour comments With
the sweet is, in our opinion, one of
the prime requisites of good sports—
nshi .
minotlger Siena fan defends .1115
team by saying that the Indians
have faced some of the cast’s tough-
est outfits this season and that this
must be considered when examining
their record. To bolster his argument
this fan produces comparative scores
to show Canisius (which defeated
Siena) some fifty points better 'than
State. In answer to this we cant re-
sist printing a set of comparative
scores to end all comparative scores
—a product of statistician Kaufman.
State 63 . . . . . . ..St. Michael’s 62+ 1

Pratt’s record indicates a better

Skiing Made Scarce
By Vacillating Vapor

 

The heavens opened and down
fell the long awaited white blank-
et. Dotty Huyck and Betty Knowl-
ton ran to the WAA bulletin
board announcing skiing and to-
boganing. And what happened?

The sleet came and the snow
melted. Dejectedly the captains
trudged to the board and retract-
ed their statement.

Shades of '881 The next day
the mighty drifts caused joy to
abound in the ranks of the would-
be skiers and tobogganists. Glee-
fully the captains again arranged
hours for the sports.

Tomorrow at two. Dotty will be
at the boat house in Washington
Park to supervise skiing and Betty
will be in back of the Dorm at the
same time to aid the tobogganists.

 

Arnie Ellerin and Les Gerdts are
playing their last intercollegiate ball
tonight. Arnie has played forward
on the state varsity for three years.
His ball handling and uncanny eye
have often been the difference be-
tween victory and defeat. Gerdts is
seeing his first year on the varSity.

his last.

Radio Chess Contest

which, since he is a senior. 5150 is of victories, State College’s chess

Saturday night the Alumni com- collegiate chess. For tonight it will

Scheduled With RPl

Siatesmen Introduce Novelty
In Intercollegiate Circles

 

 

Not satisfied with piling up a string

team is to become a pioneer in inter-

Frosli Record Most Unusual
In Recent Basketball Annals

their three or' five
Guarino who contributed
by Gene 1“; ’44 to do a points each per game. On? 1:53:51;
It tank a Clasis gas done in at for the freshmens unusuf.l 2 their
thing no Other crass have pned up is that they were able to thm ever
lea“ ten years'tb lle¥ecord_no wins scoring so perfectly thatt ey n
a pelrfeCt :32: a outscored their Oppozlelélt seem“
inénegzgeml oc'casmns their will” iné‘i/Sitlirble Still? tllilgiruﬁ'ecord would
ants came mighly 3.13:: tpolﬂ‘s’butﬁg be broken. but the hand off fatle gm:-
that lﬁcordﬁlForfoﬂ: poiﬁts Albany vened. Bill Forrest Signféeand wag
ngdenly By is, mere three points, and 111.1113 it“ Eggegglgnmgthe last three
Albany Business College reagly threw $730136:

he b0 5 when ey won -
Philllregilllig tby only a single field Sophomore Brotherly Love

The sophomores gave proof of

goal. their "br0tl‘it:11'ly"h1;l:dihl:y“$021222;
' ' cor w

How the frosh were able to main- 3321:), game Saturday night, 28 to
tain such a record has puzzled every- 8 The six sophomores on the varsity
one—a—including the fresh themselves. played the first half of the game and
At the beginning 0f the season the); chalked up a score of 19 to 9'at {1341;}
lost because of inexperienceé 0 time. Sophs who had nevelfpfiym
course. But as the season wen “on. together before engaged the rosigt

and the same boys played tog}? er the second half and fought hait é)
game after game' this memenence keep the freshmens record n ac .
was eliminated. They d1 (1'

Were they able to uphold their rec-
WAA Forms Fencing Class

ord because no one on the team
could score? Look at Bob Combs
Madalyn Beers. president of. WAA,
has announced the formation of

' te
olntagc. In nine inteicollegia‘
games he scored 86 points to agefrfage
1'-
9'6 pomts per game. In ﬁve 1 e fencing classes.  Jolinstonci ll;-
' " ' ‘ ' ' Physical Ed. is con uc -
' there is Bill Feiiest. He ‘stiuctm oi . W
Edglgdqllt‘legoints in one game and 12 ing the meetings. on MISIndzy‘Z 
in another. Let‘s not discount Bill Wednesdays at 1.30 P. .. .

Fresh Puzzled

 

 

 

ent games he scored 11 points or

 

grads really uncorked some liighclass
fancy ball all over the court. The
passing was nothing short of un-
canny. while the cutting and shoot-
ing was reminiscent of Madison
Square Garden. Bancroft was high
scorer with 16 points.
This was the first time in 18 years
that an Alumni team has beaten the
Varsity. All in all it was a fitting
climax to an uneventfull season.
Whatever happens tonight, it Will be
an anti—climax.
The 1940-41 season will be remem-
bered as the season in which the
Grads beat the varsity. ‘

 

 

Intramural Council Plans

Foul Shooting Skirmish

With the basketball season com-
pleted. Intramural Council has an—
nounced that it will conduct a foul
shooting contest. This contest is
scheduled to begin on Tuesday at
4:30. It will continue for about two
weeks. on Tuesdays. Wednesdays.
and Fridays at 4:30. when the gym

'll be 0 en for this purpose:

WIAII stlldents will be eligible for
participation with the exception of
the members of the varSity and
freshman teams. The contestants
will be allowed twenty-five foul

 

 

St. Michael’s 51 . . . . .. Siena 49+ 3

shots. and the one swishing in the

Seton Hall 56—15lmost counters will be awarded a

 

Still: 312a" 41  Villanova 29— 3 prize which is being provided by the
Vilianova 41 . . . . . . ..Niagara 31+ '1 1‘ council.
Niagara 41 . . . . . . . . .. CCNY 38+10.
CCNY 41 . . . . . . . .. St. John‘s  Y
" 58 . . . . . . . . . . NYU 1
our ......... .. in... n+3. c. P. LOWR
Temple 42 . . . . . . ..R. 1. State 38+34 WATCHMAKER
R. 1. State 98  Providence ii+61lI AND JEWELER
Providence 5’1 . . . . . . .. Siena 50+68

All of which shows State to be 68'

points better than Siena.

Honikel’s Pharmacy

DISTINCTIVE FOUNTAIN
AND
LUNCHEONETTE SERVICE

157 CENTRAL AVENUE

239 CENTRAL AVE. ALBANY, N. Y.
l

v 1i as far as
l ted its celebration of Alumni Day attempt something \ihic .. ’
Eye licking the varsity 40-34. The is known has not yet been tiied in

l jans proves successful. a match will

t « 1 T mm the Marsland. Bill Miller. and Red Evans welcome newcomers to the gioup.
iitercolle m e c1rc es. on '
clhess tealn will match pawns with
RPI in a contest to be played by ra-
die.
This radio match was made pos-
sible because Jim Walilcr, a member
of the chess team. is in possession of
an amateur radio set. Since RPI‘
has a radio station. the statesmen
made arrangements Willi the En—
gineers whereby a trial radio match
could be attempted.
Playing chess by radio has great
possibilities. Already the statesmen
are in contact with a college in Tex— ‘
as. and if this match with the Tro-‘

- 13
GEORGE D. JEONEY. PROP. DIAL 519

BOULEVARD CAFETERIA

TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH
500

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

also be arranged with the Texans.
lSince most of the larger colleges
have radio stations. the Purple and
Gold chessmen will thus be able to
list matches with almost any team
in the country. i

The chess team is scheduled to
make a trip to West Point on Sun-
day. However. the opponent will not
be the Army. but the University of
Pennsylvania. The squad Will leave
Sunday morning and they will tackle
the Pennsylvanians in the afternoon.

 

A good plan...
pause and

    

 

DIAL Bv9038

Else’s Hair Dressing
HAIR STYLIST

LICENSED ZOTOS SHOP
805 MADISON AVE. ALBANY. N.Y.

 

 

 

TRADE AT
YOUR
COLLEGE

 

 

HABERDASHER

 

 

 

 

 

1 FOR STATE COLLEGE BOWLERS

 RICE
ALLEYS

 

 

Eat at John’s Lunch
DINNERS 25C AND UP
DELICIOUS SANDWICHES
AND SUNDAEB

7'30 A. M TO 11:00 P. M.

OPPOSITE THE HIGH SCHOOL

 

WESTERN AND QUAIL

1 5c BOWLING

FROM 9:00 A. M. TO 6:00 P. M.

SNAPPY 2‘33?

l

SPRING STYLES l
MANHATTAN SHIRTS l
l

l

l

ADAM HATS

 

117 S. PEARL 221 CENTRAL AVE.

Drink

 

A little minute is long enough

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

for a big rest when you drink

 

 

 

 

 

I'I ouml BUIlll

 

Good Food in A Friendly,
Comfortable Atmosphere

@ﬂW

IHLlii IvtANI

an ice-cold bottle of Coca-Cola.
It brings a feeling of complete
refreshment...completely satis-
fying. So when you pause

/

I)(‘ll( mus iillll

 kt‘llt‘bllllll; 

 

 

 

Hglllll S

(stem at Quail

 

throughout the day, make it ._ _
the pause that refreshes With You TASTE "s QUALITY

ice-cold Coca-Cola.

Iiotiled unilcr illitlulrli)’ (ii The (Inca-(Zulu Company by

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO.
lees N. ALLEN STREET ALBANY, N. r.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2-443

Ilege ..  ; s :

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, MARCH 21, 1941

  

 

If

   

25f 
. year _ . ,

VOL. xxv, NO. to

 

Operatic Group
Will Re-Portray

lHMS Pinalorel

Music Council to Cooperate
In Staging Nautical Satire
By Gilbert and Sullivan

The HMS Pinaforo will sail onto
the Page Hall stage bearing a cargo
of melodious entertainment for the
evenings of March 27 and 28. at
8:30. This Operetta by Gilbert and
Sullivan is sponsored by Music
Council. and will be staged by the
State College Operatic Society un—

der the musical direction of Dr

T. F. H. Candlyn. Assistant Profes-

' Attention .lll Sophs:
Class Party Tonight

 

Do you have any suppressed
desires? If you have. come to the
Commons tonight where “demo-
cracy” will ban all further sup-
pression. Jean Tracy is “engin-
eering” a sophomore vic party
from 8:30 till 11:30.

The theme, “suppressed de-
sires." is the brainchild of one
Mickey Adams. and is designed
particularly for the girls. The
idea is that if some girl has a
“suppressed desire" to dance
with a certain fellow. she may
cut in on his partner without
fear of being socially incorrect.
Of course. it will be perfectly
permissible for feliowa to cut al-
so.

 

 

College Groups
Submit Budgets

 

Keep Expenses Near Minimum,
Finance Board Recommends

For Discussion

’Youih Must be Optimistic
lnSpitefiCrisis-Willkie

 

lUrges Students

   

   
  

To Avoid Later Slashes

College activities submitted their
budgets for next year to Finance
Board Wednesday. in order to have
the budget ready for submission to
the Student Association at the
budget hearing April 4.

Activities were requested by Fin-
ance Board to pare their budgets to
a minimum. and to itemize the

Finish College

Former Presidential Candidate
Receives NEWS Reporters
ln Albany Hotel Suite

 

   
    
 
   
 

{Editor’s note: This interview was
secured exclusively for the STATE

  
  
 

 

sor of Music. Ira Hirsh and Bernard I
Perlman. juniors. are co-chairmen  
of the production. John Gardcphe 

and Douglas D. Dillenbcck, seniors
co-dircctors.
Chorus of Thirty

The scene of Fina/ore, or the
story of "The Lass that Loved a
Sailor." is laid on the quarterdeck
of the ship off Portsmouth Harbor.
In this nineteenth century nautical
setting. sailors in pea jackets and
straw hats. and admirals with
gleaming swords. become involved in
a series of humorous complications.
The Operetta is a satire on the
pompous dignity of naval officers.

The principals are: Josephine,
Jean McAlllster. '43; Mrs. Cripps.
(Little Buttercup). Eleanor Schle-
singer. ‘42; Cousin Hebe, Carol

Golden, ‘41; Sir Joseph Porter.|

CSPL Award

Typography Wins First Prize
At New York Convention
OI School Newspapers

l At the Columbia Scholastic PressJreduce the amoum or money “5””

Association Convention in New
York City last week, the STATE
COLLEGE News was awarded the
first prize rating for typography
among the newspapers of Schools of
Education throughout the country.
The third annual competition in
which papers are judged exclusively
on their typography was sponsored

K‘ C B Clarmc) Olsen ,41_ Ralprﬂby the National Graphic Arts Edu-

Rackstraw. Maxson Reeves. '42;
Captain Corcoran. Howard Merriam.
'41; Dick Deadeye, George Kunz,
'43: Boatswain‘s mate. Arthur Hob-
day. ’42; Carpenter’s mate, Earle

Snow, '44. They will be assisted by.

a chorus of thirty members.
Second in Decade

Among the familiar outstanding.
selections from Pinufore are Poor
Litlle Buttercup, I’m The Monarch
of (he Sea, When I Was a Lad, and
F'ai'r Moon, To Thee I Sing.

The operettas of Gilbert and Sul-
livan have been featured at State‘
for a decade. This presentation of
Mindoro is the second production
of this favorite in the series. Ten

cation Guild in conjunction with
CSPA.

The News Board represented State
College at the three-day convention
at Columbia University. The con—

ference. an annual event. provides a l Students Must Select

means for all amateur journalists
throughout the country to exchange
views and gain new ideas about all
aspects of the newspaper field.
Clinics. where experts analyze

makeup. headlines, content. ctc.. ai‘efme best of it“ abmt . -
important features of the conven-‘ S y' accmdmg to

tion.

When the junior editors present-
ed copies of the News to the ex-
pert in charge of the typography
clinic, they were told that the News
had a “clean-cut" appearance. Hlsg

 

years ago The Mikado was stag-
ed by a student group of girls and
The Piralcs of Pcnzance by a
group of boys. The combination of]
the two groups formed of the State,
College Operatic Society.

Harvard Professor

Will Speak Tonight

.s-rrif type to add a modern touch.

remarks about the general makeup
and format of the NEWS seemed to
prcsagc the announcement the fol-
lowing day of the award in typo-l
graphy.

The beginning of this school year

saw a change in the headline type

from an old-style face to a modern
fucc. C'hcllciilmm. a sci'if type. had
pi'ciriously been used. (a serif is the

fine cross slrokc at the top and‘

bottom l. The Nuws adopted a sans-

sli'camliniiig and conservatism.

Morize Will Lecture in Page

On Contemporary France

Di'. Aiidrc Moi'izc. Professor of
FI‘l‘llCll litcraturc at Harvard Uni-
versity and Director of the French
Summer School at Mlddlcbin‘y Col-
lege. will lecture tonight at 8:30.
P. M. in Page Hall under the aus-
piccs of the Harvard Association of
Eastern New York. Dr. Moi‘ixc will
spook on "The French Ciitiisti'oplicb
Iiiipi‘cssi’ons of a Witness," l

Al lllt‘ outbreak of World War Ill
in Scplcmbci' 1030. Morlzc was cull—|
cd from Harvard lo l“l'illlCL‘ to assist
Joan (iii'iiudoux. noted F‘i‘cncli litel
oral-y figiu'c. Ill llic Comniisuriut of
lIllUi'IlIlillilil. Di'. Moi'izc was pliiccd
in cliurgc of French “propaganda”
dcstlncd for Aiilt‘l‘li'lill consumption.
primarily bu-uusc of his knowledge
of Aiiici'icu.

Moi'izc sci'Vcd Willi llu- 1"l'1.‘lli'll
army in the lust Wlli'. coming to llll‘
United States lll 1917 to lecture on
Military Science and Tactics at
Harvard. When the iii'llllb‘llcc was
signed he accepted a chair in
Fl‘tfllffli literature. lie is the author.
of numerous books and articles. Al
liniltcd iiuiiibci' of free tickets urcl
still available from Mrs Sarah
ltlicingold in the Milne office.

John B. Hunt

'1‘“ low in friend In lIII‘ Kl'i‘tllt'hl of uII I‘lllh, but l‘llllt'fl‘ﬂlll‘
lillllt'l’ lo l't‘JOll'l‘ lliiil you [)tII-iht'hhl'tl Iiini (him in mourn Illh loss.

In another column on this
article carrying the report
The concise iii‘ipci'soiiality t

found in such an account can tell the reader nothing
but the more facts concerning the nun], his life, and his 0

passing.

It cannot mention the type of man that John lluni

was. It cannot tell of his
unfailing efficiency, or his

Coi.i.ucu News last evening. Special
permission of the News Board was
granted the Albany Times-Union to
publish this article in its morning
,cdilions.)

 

budgets. to enable the appropria-
tions to be more intelligently dis-
cussed. This ls in line with the
Board's policy of stricter control
over budget appropriations to pre-a
vent sudden slashing in the middle'
of the year as has happened this

  

 

 

      

 

direction of Charles Reynolds.
Nominations for Students Associa-
ll compromised between complctcnioii officers for next year are alsoi
on tho docket.

lyeai- and in the past.
{Smaller Association
l The Student Association will coni-

.prisc only about 900 paid members
:ncxt year—and this will drastically

able. This small number can be ac-
counted for by the smaller fresh-
man class. the di‘aft. those who
,lcave school. and the fact that grad
students are not required to pay
student tax. These four factors work
,together to test the ingenuity of the
[Finance Board.

‘ There are three main alternatives
.tliat can be taken to solve this prob-
:leni. The per capita tax may be
,raised. Some of the activities may
lbe eliminated from the budget. Last-
!ly. the appropriations of each ac-
ltivity may be reduced drastically.

 

l

The final choice is up to the Stu-
dent Association. It must select
one of these alternatives. Finance
Board may strongly recommend a
course of action, and will do so to

Nick Morsillo. '41. member of Fin—
ance Board. but the final decision
rests in the hands of the student
body.

At the April 4 assembly the budget
will be proposed item by item. Mem-

 
 
  
   

Wendell L. Willki

 

 

 

 

 

bcrs wishing to defend or attack the
various items will ask Finance
goiard for time in Assembly to do
i s.

 

‘added. “Mr. Hunt was a thorough-

I by Shirley Siegci and David Slavln
I When a man has been through the
{hell of one great war. a decade of
“world depression. and intense bomb-
. iiigs in London last month. you don‘t
,expect him to be an exhuberant per-
,sonality. Wendell Willkie is.
Twenty minutes in his Ten Eyck
*~__VM__W 7 ._ Hotel room yesterday convinced us
lyotiltll hais ino business tampering
- W1 1 pess m sm. Here was a leader
  who. in his own words. has “had a lot
of fun in my life. and I expect to
D. , H . I have a lot more before I die.
   Students Annoy Him
"I get annoyed with young people
ML John E. Hunt. Chief Engmeer who tell me there’s nothing to live
of State College for the last seven If.” m the world taday' Naming to
ears died f we for! Would you want to live in
Y I 0 Pneumo“m Yesterday a settled stu id world i thi
noon in the Albany Hospital. He ever haﬁpengdo “Here no ng
had been ill for several weeks and ..Y m '
had been operated on only last week. twith°gusgusgf3§fduf§wé$ couraﬁe'
The pneumonia. which caused his‘YOU can-t 'be a hum‘zm beingotrha:
death. followed the operation. was“ The best time for any genera-
Chief Engineer Hunt, who was tion is now. It's a time of change.
born in Rensselacr in 1335. was 5113- Big things are happening and you're
pointed to the State College staff in gomg to be able to help them hap'
1934. after many years of service at Dem"
several other state-owned institu- Dressed in a conservative blue
ions. suit, white shirt, royal blue tie. and
“In the seven years that he worked navy blue soaks! the blue“ thing
with us,” Clarence A. Deyo, treasurer abOUt Mr- Willkie was “Is eyes' A
of the college and a personal friend;mﬂSSlVe Person: his “mural manner
of Humv5_ Stated. "he impressed put us instantly at ease. Smiling
everyone with his willingness to co- Often. occasmnany bumka Into 5‘
operate and with the Iiigli standard hearty laugh- he Scared at our 1385'
in; efficiency that he maintained in:lijxnism 3'30“ world events“
is department." John M. Saylcs.lTircd But Gracia“.
actin r- )‘  ' I ' b
‘3 “wde 0‘ the COHEEC'I He was tired and obviously in need

Nominations, Band in Assembly “going, wise. competent! and loyal of sleep. but was thoroughly gracious
_———_‘ ‘cmploycc. It will be difficult to i'c- l When his alde' Leo Casey' mtm‘mced

Scheduled for this morning’s as— place him."

sembly is a performance of the State
College Band. newest addition to the
college's musical groups. under t

1885-1941

Hum-w.
page may be found a news
of John Ii. llunt's (lctllll.

hat must of necessity be t

ll

splendid C(iiillt‘l'illlflll, his

cannot toll of the many ways III which he tried to aid
whci'cvoi' zuul wliciicvci‘ he could. It cannot tell of the V

high cstccm III which he was
subordinates, and, above all,
friends.

(‘hicf limit was not known by many students. The
nature of his work (lid not br

. . . (
hold by his superiors, his 1),

and inclusive of" lill—-lllii ll
' ll

ing him into contact with

Hunt. and three children survive

’hle him. His daughter. Sally. is a stu-
42' dc

NYA Head Requests

‘ . sucd by the Dean of Studciils' ol-l
chcci'iul helpfulness. It 11w:

us. A few minutes after we left, Mr.
H .) ,, ,_  g‘Willkie was to be entertained at a
Cm“ Hum” wm- Am‘a Mae‘cocktail party by Assembly Speaker
Oswald D. Heck. He was in Albany
, g , I ,) H primarily as the guest of the Legis-
m m_ “‘6 Mum H15" 'Sw‘ml'. llativc Correspondents Association at
Mel‘l'lll Wall'ath. President 01 the 3 its exclusive dinner at the Ten Eyck

iSLudciit Association. informed the > last night.
News late last night that the Studcntl
Association would pay its respects to.
Hunt's memory this iiioi'iii’ng.

Incvitably. the international situ-
,aiion came up for discussion. What
3could the colleges do for defense?
. “Stay put and ﬁnish your educa-
tion." lic dl‘llWlCd. “Trained people
are most useful to the nation in these
l times."

What should be our next step in
aid to Britain?
l’liillp Kaufiiuin. sludcnl adniliils—. “we” ' -  Ml“ Winkle' IL seemed'
mm,- 01- NYA' has urged all Sm- was not prepared to tell the S'i'A'i‘u

Student Cooperation

dents to Work out the full amount} ICUMUIIIIHI on page J, column :1)

1' old gi'zinlcd tlu-m in every pcriod.‘ ~~¢~~- 
“(I to make up any

losses in backf I _
unw. lNewmanites to Discuss

The following hlilll‘lillflll was ism . . .

‘ Catholicism, Scrence
"This office must i'ciwi'alc pi'c— ltcv, Sebastian Weber. OMC. will
ions requests tiuil, students work Dr llli‘ guest speaker at the bi-
ut the full amount, granted lllt‘ill monthly iiiectliig 0f Newman Club.
i cucli payroll period. The gi'iiiil- according to Frederick Ferris, '42.
114 of our requests for funds from prcsidciit. ltcv. William Cnliill. chap-
ic government is contingent uponllulii. will start the meeting at 7:30

 

studentcooperation in this matter. on Thursday. Mui‘Cll 27. with bone-
Our failure to use funds already diction.

mzmy of us. Those who knew him respected and all-
mired him. They wore impressed with the friendliness

of" his gladly-given help, with

the case which made him

a i'nciiibcr of the college iulministi'ativc staff and at
the same time a friend. lt is as such that he will be

remembered.

 

 

 

iillollcd may result in a decrease in The mow-m” Wm mum-e Rev,

iulurc iippi‘opriatimis. Weber, professor of Theology at St.
“Because of the time which will Anumiiy‘s-ou-Um-Hudson. Follow-

be lost during the Easter vacation ink his lecture on “The 0111111111 and

and the June examination period. Science," lllcl'e Will be 11 (“5011551011 '

we rccounnend that students make “ml (111850011 llL’l'lOd-

arrangements to work as much as Ferris also revealed the appoint-

possible during the periods from meat of Mac Whiting. '43. to New-

Mai-cii 16‘ lo April 8. and April 22 man Club Council as chairman of

to May 10." the Religion Committee.

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  

 

